VOLUME LXXXYI-NO. 82.
PARIS ANARCHISTS IN
BATTLES WITH POLICE
Rioters Sack a Church in the French Capital and
Attack Priests With Knives.
Sanguinary Encounters Between the Authorities and Armed Mobs
of Socialists Continue Throughout the Sabbath and
Far Into the Night*
J^)ARIS, 'Aug. 20. — Paris was
J[ to-day the scene of most
serious disturbances, recall
ing some aspect of the Commune.
In response to an appeal of the Jour
nal Dv Feuple and La Petit Re
fublique groups of anarchists and
socialists gathered at about 3
*> 'clock in the afternoon in the Place
-de la Republiquc. The police had
taken precautions and there seemed
mo danger of disorders.
Sebastian Faure and Faberol,
well-known revolutionary anarch
ists, were the ringleaders. Faure,
standing on the pedestal of the
•statue which rises in the center of
the Place de la Repubhque, ad
dressed the crowd. Among other
things he said the anarchists should
be masters of the streets. The po
lice then interfered and dislodged
Faure and Faberol. making three
arrests. The crowd at this point
dispersed, but a column of demon
strators headed by Faure and Henri
I T WENT
"ME FIRST; DICKINSON NEXT."
d'Horr made for the Place dc la
Nation.
The police broke through the col
umn, and a struggle for the mastery
followed. Shots were tired, and M.
Goullicr, Commissary of Police,
was twice stabbed with a knife.
This threw the police into mo
mentary confusion. The mob re
assembled and ran toward the Place
dc la Nation. The police, rein
forced by a squad that had . been
held in reserve, made another at
tempt to stem the current, and
fresh, fierce fighting occurred, three
constables being wounded. M.
i : aurc and D'Horr jumped into a
passing street car that was going
to the Place dc la Republiquc, and
f he car driver on arriving there
£ave a signal to the police, who im
mediately arrested them both, to
gether with two other anarchists—
Joseph Terrier and Jean Perrin.
All were conveyed to the Chateau
i'Eau barracks. Only D'Horr 7vas
found in the possession of firearms.
In the meantime ■ anarchists re
The San Francisco Call.
ANARCHY'S VICTIMS.
♦ PARIS. Aug. 21.— The Prefec- ♦
♦ ture of Police gives the following ♦
■♦■ statistics of yesterday**? riots: •♦
-f- Three hundred and eighty per- ♦
♦ sons were injured. Three hun- ♦
4- dred and sixty were taken to the ■♦•
•♦• hospitals. Fifty-nine police ♦
♦■ agents were wounded, besides >
♦ Commissaires Coutier and Dols- +
♦• mine. One hundred and fifty ♦
■f- persons were arrested, of whom ♦
♦■ eighty are detained in custody. ♦
♦• ' ♦
»»♦♦♦ » + »++♦♦+■»■»■♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
traced their course to the Place de
la Republique, smashing the win
dows of religious edifices on the
way.
Suddenly, eitlter at the word of
command or in obedience to the im
pulse, the cohwin made a loop and
curved toward the Church of St.
Ambroise, where tlw rioters
smashed the windows. Proceeding
thence toward the Faubourg dv
Temple, at the comer of Rue d'Ar
boy and the Rue St. Mauri-Popin-
court, they formed up into a com
pact body. Hatchets were suddenly
produced, with long knives, stolen
from the counters of shops, and a
j concerted rush teas made upon the
Church of St. Joseph. The aged
sacristan, seeing the mob, hastily
closed the outer gates, but these were
| soon forced with hatchets and bars
of iron. The massive oaken doors
were then attacked. According to
the first account the wild horde burst
into the church, which instantly be
came a scene of pillage and sacri
lege. Altars and statues were
hurled to the floor and smashed;
! pictures were rent, candlesticks, or
naments and hosts from high altars
Ztfere thrown down and trampled
under foot. The crucifix above was
made the target for missiles, and
: the figure of the Savior was frac
j hired in several places.
Then, while rancorous voices
\ sang the "Carmagnole," the chairs
were carried outside, piled up and
set on fire in the center of the
square fronting tlie church.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, AUGUST 21, 1899.
When this stage was reached the
crucifix was pulled down and
• thrown into the flames. Suddenly
i the cry was raised that the statue
1 of the virgin had been forgotten,
and the crowd returned and tore
this down also.
Meanwhile the sacristan, who
had been captured by the anarch
ists, escaped and called the police
and republican guards, who\
\ promptly answered with many con
| stables. They were compelled to
\ fall back in order to form up into
I line of defense, as the anarchists
attacked them' with knives.
At length the officers began to\
gain the fnastery. A score of an- j
arckists took refuge in an adjacent \
house. Others intrenched them- l
I selves in the belfry and fiercely de- J
I fended themselves by showering
missiles on the republican guards,
\ but finally these were dislodged.
Twenty anarchists were arrested,
taken to the police station, searched,
and found to be carrying revolvers,
loaded sticks and knives.
When the police entered the
church the anarchists had just sct\
tire to the pulpit. The interior of \
the edifice was a complete wreck. j
Several valuable old pictures that
can never be replaced were ruined.
After the mob had been driven
away, Aobe Lacour, the incumbent, ■
collected the fragments of the sac- \
rament and replaced them in the I
ciborium. As he did so he was
heard bitterly lamenting. The pco- \
pic living in the houses near by ex- I
tmguished the bonfire.
From 8 o'clock until midnight the
demonstrators so far as Garc de
I'Est, were repeatedly driven back
by police charges, the crowd crying, j
"Vive I'Armee" and "Vive la Rc
publique."
The police also dispersed a crowd
of gamins ivho 7vere burning bun
dles of newspapers. At about 10
| o'clock disorders occur rd on Boulc
j yard de Magrnt and Boulevard de
| Strasbourg. Several revolver shots
] were fired, but nobody was
| wounded.
The newspaper kiosks were
j burned and several arrests were
made in connection therewith. There
is no change in the situation at the
Continued on Third Page.
GOVERNOR GAGE WANTED TO
BE THE WHOLE CELEBRATION
Proposes to Run
Things or
Quit
SUDDENLY WAKES
At the Eleventh Hour He|
Shows a Disposition to
Usurp Citizens' Com
mittee's Power.
GRACELESS GOVERNOR j
GAGE, aided and abetted by j
his asinine mouthpiece. Ad- j
jutant General Seamans, has |
once, more given the people crt j
California incontrovertible, if not un- !
necessary, proof: of his piggish nature ;
and brutal disregard for the rights of \
others. . At the same time, he has ex
hibited . a wealth of ignorance of the
duties, powers and privileges of his |
exalted position, as remarkable as it is j
lamentable. That the unspeakable
Seamans would clutch every oppor- |
tunity to display his asinine proclivi- |
ties was predicted by The Call at the
time of his appointment, but that he
would be permitted by his official I
creator to disturb the peace of the com- j
monwealth by wigwagging his ears
and emitting his discordant bray upon
a great public occasion like the recep
tion to the California volunteers, was
beyond the ken of any intelligent
citizen.
With an Insulting effrontery that
would shame the most shameless ward
heeler on the staff of his political j
partner and master, Burns, Governor j
Gage yesterday dispatched his creature ;
Seamans to the citizens' executive com- j
mittee with a peremptory demand to j
turn over to him the direction of the \
reception to the brave sons of Califor
nia. He demanded in effect that the I
citizens' committee, which % has accu- I
mulated a fund of over $50,000 and per- j
fected plans for a magnificent reception !
to the country's defenders, should step
aside and allow him to pose, in the full
glare of public admiration, as- the |
"Great I Am." the man to. whom all
credit for the assured success, of the
great manifestation of Joy and honor
was s.rlely due. . ; " </
And this is the man who has hereto
fore h«»ld ft'oof v > v - cr."» Trpf- !-"U«- n
difference to- all that has been done;
who. has refused to proclaim the day
set apart for the celebration in honor
of the returning soldier boys a legal
holiday. He steps in at the last moment
and seeks to cast a cloud over the fes
tivities unless he is recognized and I
bowed down to as the great mogul
whose word is law and must be obeyed.
When Seamans obtruded "his off ensi . c
personality upon the citizens' execu
tive committee yesterday afternoon,
and presented Gage's demands, the
members of that body were stupefied
with astonishment and sat In their
chairs mute and dazed, while the adju
tant general of the State swelled and
strutted and voiced the dictum of his
master. When they finally recovered
Citizens' Executive Committee Calls Down Governor Gage's Mouthpiece.
their power of speech they advanced to
the attack with a vehemence that
caused the ass's ears on the puppet
J before them to droop and his chest to
collapse like a punctured toy balloon.
He entered the room with the bearing
of a dime novel conqueror and opened
| his campaign of words with a pompous
i bluster that seemed to his self-esteem
to permit of no denial of his demands.
He retired discomfited and demoralized
and in a condition bordering closely
upon physical and mental collapse.
The committee informed him that if
Governor Gage participated in the fes
tivities he would do so as the guest of
the people of San Francisco and not as
their master; that he would not be
to dictate in the management.
GENERAL SHAFTER'S PLAIN STATEMENT.
\ \ T HEN the California Voluteers return from Manila and are
tJ\l landed in San Francisco," said General Shafter, last night,
"they will be under but one jurisdiction — that of the United States
military laws. Until they are mustered out the general laws pre
scribed for all United States soldiers will apply to them as well as
to the regulars. When they became United States soldiers they lost
their identity as members of the National Guard of this State. Un
less the California boys re-enter the National Guard they will never
come under the military power of the Governor of the State. After
two or three weeks in this city they will then be mustered out. The
moment this happens they are no longer soldiers, but 'private citi
zens.
"In the strict letter ot the law the return of the California
Volunteers is no different from that of any other volunteer regi
ment, other than the fact that this is their home. I realize that the
few weeks which they will pass in camp are only for the purpose of
shaping affairs toward the final mustering out. As they are not to
remain in the service when this is accomplished they will be ac
corded every possible liberty and freedom. Their camp duties will
be of the most meager kind and no binding restrictions will be
placed upon their movements."
; either of the big naval Darade on the
bay or of the military parade on shore;
that he would, in fact, have no voice
whatever in the arrangements for the
! celebration, although he would at the
■ same time be shown every courtesy due
him as Governor of the State.
Previous to his disastrous assault on
the committee Seamans sought an in
terview with John D. Spreckels, com
modore of the fleet, and in charge of the
arrangements of the bay parade. With
! this object in view he called at the San
Francisco Club and there met "W. S.
Leake, representing Mr. Spreckels, to
whom he made a demand similar in
every respect to that which later he
presented to the executive committee,
but necessarily more limited in its
scope.
"As the representative of the Gov
ernor of California," began this choice
specimen of what a military official
; should not be. "I demand to know what
: position has been assigned him in the
' naval parade. I see by the papers
| that the State tug Governor Markham
! has been assigned to a certain position
lin the line. I see also, by the press re
ports, that the Governor's tug is to tow
a yacht.
"The programme must be changed.
The Governor has been invited by Sen
ator Perkins to meet the transport as
his guest on the steamer Santa Rosa,
on which will be Federal officers and
members of the Legislature. This in
vitation the Governor declined, stating
that he had already made arrange
. >TfirTi*f~--4**Z(pkf: rtftln* 1 1 -? jja.""tj^r of -friends
6n\ the State tugs Governor Markham
and Governor Irwin."
"But the State tugs have been placed
at the disposal of the citizens' commit
tee by the Board of Harbor Commis
sioners," said Mr. Leake.
"The Governor has ordered the tugs
for his personal use," declared Seamans
pompously, "and the citizens' commit
tee has nothing to do with them.
"Now the Governor, while not com
plaining of the position assigned him in
the line, asks that the Santa Rosa, on
which will be the members of the Leg
islature, be placed in line following his
tug." •
"That will be impossible," replied Mr.
Leake, "as no large steamers will be al
lowed to get in line or approach close to
the transport on account of the danger
of a collision."
"Well," continued Seamans, waxing
wroth, "the Governor does not propose
to remain in line and he does not pro
pose to tow a yacht. The arrange
ments will have to be changed."
The adjutant general was quietly in
formed that Commodore Spreckels had
completed his arrangements and would
not be likely to change them to suit the
whim of the Governor.
"But the Governor intends to run
alongside the Sherman and extend a |
greeting to the volunteers," puffed the
now thoroughly exasperated Seamans. I
"He cannot remain in line, and, sir, it
is absolutely essential — absolutely es
sentiaJ, sir, that I, as adjutant general j
of California, should confer with Colo
nel Duboce at the earliest opportunity
In order to arrange for the landing: of
the volunteers and for the street pa
rade."
The prepondering Idea of the ad
jutant general, and the one he was ap
parently most anxious in his ignorant
egotism to make prominent, was that
the California volunteers are still a
branch of the militia organization of
the State, and as such subject to the
authority of Governor Gage as com
mander-in-chief, from the moment they
landed in San Francisco.
"That has already been provided for
by the citizens' committee," said Mr.
Leake, "and neither you nor the Gover
nor vill have anything to do with it.
Moreover, if the Governor participates
in the naval parade he must take the
position assigned to him and retain it,
and I do not think he will be allowed to
run alongside the transport. His tug
has been assigned to tow a yacht, as
has every other tug that will appear in
the parade, a matter that has been
rendered necessary on account of the
great number who desire to witness the
spectacle and join in the first welcome
to the volun .eers."
"But I tell you, <»ir, the Governor will
rot * ke a tow."
"Very well," replied Mr. Leake, "if
the Governor objects to his towing a
yacht and if he objects to the place as
signed to him in the parade, I suggest
that he had better remain on shore or
i take a cruise by himself. If he goes
, in the para ie he will go as a guest of
I the committee and must conform to
I the rules laid down."
Seamans continued to expostulate
and was sharply informed that Gover
nor Gage was hrrdly in a position to
appear at this late day and dictate as
to the arrangements for the reception
oif th<e volunteers.
"The committee has addressed sev
eral communications to the Governor,"
said Mr. Leake, "and he has not
deigned to answer them. He has re
fused to -"-oclaim a holiday on the oc
casion of the celebration and he has
studiously avoided extending the cus
tomary courtesies to the Governors of
other States who have visited San
Francisco to welcome their troops dur
' ing the past few weeks. Instead of re-
maining here an<* attending to these
matters he has been down at CataJina
Island or some other place doing poli
tics with Dan Burns and a lot of touts.
"He has contributed nothing to the
success of the proposed celebration,
either by word or deed, but now, at the
last minute, he seeks to upset all ar
rangements of those who have made
success possible and project himself to
the front in order that he may be the
central figure in the festivities. This
celebration is a celebration by the peo
ple of San Francisco, and is being paid
for by them. The Governor has not
even accepted the invitation extended
to him by the committee to participate
in the land and naval parade, and I j
would like to know by what right h«j
PEICE FI^E CENTS.
General Seamans
Acts as His
Spokesman*
STIRS UP TROUBLE
Members of the Committee
Rebuke the Chief Execu
tive's Mouthpiece for
Interference.
presume to interfere at this lat<» day?"
Seamans almost choked with """rath
while he listened to the merciless scor
ing of his master, hut he finally man
aged to stammer:
"Governor Gage is commander in
chief of the military forces of the P*ate
and has a right to a voice In the direc
tion of celebrations in which the militia
of the State is to take part."
He then said the Governor, with his
valuable assistance, had prepared a
programme which he desired followed,
but Mr. Lieake declined to look at it and
Mr. Martin, who was present, invited
him to appear before the committee.
After his warm reception by that
body Seamans did not venture to offer
his "programme." He was asked to do
so just before leaving .the room in
which the committee met, but the
starch had been taken out of him, and
he hesitatingly said he had no pro
gramme, but had simply jotted down a
few lines for reference.
He did have a programme and it con
sisted of a complete outline of the land
celebration, line of march, officers in
charge of the various divisions and all
other details, and he came before the
committee with the firmly expressed
determination of demanding its substi
tution for that prepared by the commit
tee. That he did not do so proved he
feared the eruption he knew would fol
low.
As an illustration of the utter Incom
petence of the adjutant general of the
State, as well as his insufferable arro
gance, he informed the citizens' execu
tive committee that Major Generil
Dickinson had no authority to order
out the militia of San Francisco with
out his (Seamans') consent. In answer
to a query put by Mayor Phelan as to
whether General Dickinson, who with
GeneraJ Shafter, has charge of the
military parade, did not command the
militia in this section, he swelled out
his chest and replied:
"Next to me, sir! Next to me."
Adjutant GeneraJ Seamans will bump
up against a tough proposition if he
attempts to interfere with that parade.
General Shafter has informed Grand
Marshal Pistolesi that he proposes to
run the military parade and will brook
no interference. The California volun
teers are under the jurisdiction of Gen
eral Shafter, representing the Federal
| authorities, the moment they set foot
on the soil of California, and not as
Seamans vaingloriously announced sub
ject to the orders of Governor Gage or
his disgusting puppet. Gage may real
ize the false position his asinine
mouthpiece has placed him in and re
pudiate his utterances as the easiest
way out of the dilemma, but he will
have no official voice in the celebration
in honor of the returning California
volunteers.
Commodore S^reckels said last night
that the Governo" and his party had
been given a place in the line of the
naval parade and that Gage must abide
by that arrangement if he desired to
participate in the pageant.
HOW THE AFFAIR OCCURRED
Stenographic Report of the Tilt
Between Seamans and the
Committee.
Adjutant General Seamans of the Gov
ernor's staff intimated to the citizens'
executive committee yesterday that Mr.
Gage, who has evinced a spirit of indif
ference and antipathy to the reception
to the California Volunteers, had sudden
ly concluded that he wanted to be the
whole show and that if he was not al
"I TALKED TOO MUCH."2
SAYS GEN. SEAMANS.
I HAVE not read the newspapers and consequently I know nothing of
tne arrangements made by the citizens' committee to receive our re
turning troops. I believe they ere going to hold a night demonstration
and a naval parade.
WE have made special arrangements to receive the Cai.fornia regi
ment on their arrival. When the Sherman reaches port she will be re
ceived by Governor GAGE and the next day WE will march the troops
through the city under a military escort to the Presidio. That will be
OUR. demonstration.
Whether or not Governor GAGE and his staff will participate with
the citizens in their night parade has not been settled to MY knowledge.
The GOVERNOR received an invitation to appear mounted in the parad'i.
but HE thought it was quite a hazardous undertaking on account of
bursting skyrockets. I conferred with General Shafter as to the military
etiquette of the GOVERNOR and staff participating mounted in a demon
stration of this kind and he informed ME that generally the high civic
authorities ride in carriages on occasions if this kind. So far as I know
the GOVERNOR has not as yet made up HIS mind whether HE will
participate in the night parade.
Governor GAGE will announce HIS ultimatum as to whether HE
will tow the yacht Aggie on the occasion of the naval parade at nine
o'clock to-morrow morning.
When I first mentioned the matter to the GOVERNOR HE in
formed me that HE would not take a tow. HE was willing to take HIS
position behind Commodore Spreckels. The citizens' committee cannot
dictate the will of the GOVERNOR in this matter. The bay is larg9
and WE will go out to meet the transport any way WE plcnse. The
GOVERNOR intends to take HIS proper place in this reception.
I talked this matter over with the GOVERNOR and HE informed
ME that HE objected to taking a tow for the reason that HE might
not see fit to go over the entire course with the parade, or HE might
wish to break in and go alongside the transport. — Adjutant General
Seamans' idea of the proprieties of the occasion and Governor Gage's
conception of what is right.
lowed to be the main thing he would not
play at all.
The general appeared before the com
mittee on the Invitation of Oommitteeman
W. J. Martin, whom he had consulted
earlier in the day and who was so
astounded with the information he im
parted that he thought it wise to turn
him over to the committee. When the
conference was concluded the Governor's
emissary was thoroughly convinced that
there were others. The general started
out with the astonishing announcement
that Governor Gage was not satisfied
with the arrangements that had been
made for the celebration. Mr. Gage did
not propose to allow the State tug. Gov
ernor Markham. to take part in the naval
parade if it had to tow a yarht. Mr.
Gage did propose, that the military par
ade in the city should be arranged ac
cording to his Ideas.
Committeeman A. M. Lawrence and the
Governor's spokesman nearly came to
FORESTERS' FLOAT IN THE NIGHT PARADE.
mows over tneir respective opinions or
Mr. Gage, but their discussion only reach
ed the point of angry words and no blood
was spilled.
The general was greeted kindly by the
committee and proceeded to tell the mem
bers what was what without losing time
on preliminaries.
Following is a stenographic report of
the proceedings:
Mr. Martin— At my request General
Seamans will state to you the programme
as far as their participation in the street
parade Is concerned.
General Seamans— Mr. Mayor and gen
tlemen of the committee: I appear here
this morning at the suggestion of Mr.
Martin. Certain Inquiries I made from
Mr. Martin seem to him should be made
before this committee, and then I indi
cated the programme for the day parade
upon the landing of the volunteers from
Manila. Mr. Martin thought it would be
advisable for me to advise the committee
of the desires of the Governor in that re
gard; hence I am here for that purpose.
In the first place I noticed in the papers
yesterday that the Governor's tug. Gov
ernor Markham, had been assigned to po
sition In the naval parade. It was stated
she would have attached to her a tow
in the shape of a yacht. The Governor
received an invitation from Senator Per
kins to accept - his hospitality on the
steamer to be tendered to the members of
the Legislature, State officers, the con
gressional delegation and the executive
committee, but as he had already arrang
ed to go out with his friends on the Gov
ernor Markham. he declined to go. The
position indicated in the newspapers ys
the position assigned to the tug in the.
naval parade was perfectly satisfactory
to the Governor, but he did not like to
have a tow attached to that boat, and
he wanted the proper authority advised
as to his objections.
Mr. Lawrence— L>oes the Governor not
know thai we have not enough tugs for
the naval parade? Does he not know that
every tug has been assigned a tow?
General Seamans— l don't know what the
Governor knows.
Mr. Lawrence— This was all published
in the newspapers, and if the Governor
would read the newspapers he might get
an intelligent Idea of current events.
General amans — am here to represent
the Governor, and I f eel perfectly compe
tent to protect myself and the Governor
from any aspersions of this character. if
1 can be heard with due xespect I am
ready to proceed, but if not I ask permis
sion to withdraw.
Mr. Lawrence— Does the Governor not
read the newspapers to keep himself in
formed? All this matter has been pub
lished in the newspapers for weeks.
General Seaman*— l don't know whether
the Governor reads the newspapers or not.
Mr. Lawrence — If the Governor would
read the newspapers he might learn some
thing about what the committee is doing.
General Seamans— l come here to outline
the form of the parade, and I do not pro
pose to be insulted.
Mr. Lawrence— Do you intend to convey,
sir, that anything that I have said has
Insulted you?
General Seaman?— l do not want to have
any aspersions cast on the Governor. We
feel that we have tne right to say how
the parade shall be conducted.
Mr Lawrence— l will not permit you. sir,
to say here that I have cast any asper
sions on the Governor: and as for you
personally, if I intended to cast any as
persions on you you would know it. If I
jumped on you or on the Governor you
would know very soon that something had
happened. I speak very plainly when I
desire to make myself understood.
General Seamans— l will let you know,
sir, that I am able here, sir, and every
where, sir, to protect myself; and I shall
not permit you, sir, nor any other man,
to Insult me. If I ■ cannot be heard
■with due respect to his Excellency I shall
ask permission to withdraw.
Mr. Lawrence— You are at perfect lib
erty to withdraw whenever you like, but
I do not propose that you shall come here
representing the Governor or any one else,
in bulldoze this committee or the citizens
of this community as to how this recep
tion shall be conducted. The citizens have
put up all the money, appointed their
committees and have been proceeding: tor
a month past to make their arrangements,
and have been proceeding to carry them
out: and they will not submit to be Inter
fered with at this late date. That, you
must understand, sir, before you go any
farther.
Mayor Phelan— Now. gentlemen, gentle
men, let us get along quietly. Nobody Is
seeking- trouble on this committee. Now,
general, general: now, Mr. Lawrence-
Order was restored and the meeting pro
ceeded.
Mr. Martin— have heard the address
of the distinguished gentleman represent
ing the Governor. I would now ask the
committee to hear what I have to say.
The gentleman has the right. In fact I
invite interruption if I misstate facts.
I met the gentleman to-day in company
with others, and the programme now in
ills po««*snfr.i was made known to me.
I at once took exception to it on the
ground that it would interfere with the
plans. of this committee; that while I had
no doubt that this committee would
yield as far as possible to the Governor
or his representatives if their wants were
made known, I felt that this committee
would tolerate no interference at the
eleventh hour, especially when it was pro
posed to set aside the programme ar
ranged by conference between the com-
It tee representing the parents, the
Native Sons and Daughters and this com
mittee.' The gentleman called my atten
tion to the fact that first came the United
States authorities, second those of the
State of California and thirdly the muni
cipality of San Francisco; that he as the
Governor's representative controlled the
State troops and had prepared orders for
their assembling In San Frail Cisco. I
called his attention to the fact that this
committee had provided the money to
-♦<$>-♦-<$> -♦-<$--♦- -♦- <§■> -♦-<§• -♦-(s>-♦-
P. J. McCORMICK.
bring thorn to San Francisco in order t that !
they might participate in the parade; |
i that it was very evident to me that there j
was a wide difference between the Gov- |
ernor's wishes in the matter and the ar
rangements of this committee. So far as :
the Governor's wishes with reference to
the naval parade are concerned I made it ■
moll clear that this committee had no
jurisdiction over the matter; that that i
was something to bo controlled by the |
commodore commanding the naval pa- '
rade. While I was not authorized to
speak for the commodore I felt that he ■
would ■' insist upon his regulations being
carried out. The gentleman stated that it i
| was '.he Governors Intention to meet the
i transport first and welcome the troops, ;
I and he did not care to be ineumbered by
a tow. In the interest of harmony I re
quested that the gentleman appear before
: this committee and submit his pro
; gramme. I further stated that this com
i mittee would insist upon their rights in
the matter, and while they would con- i
cede any reasonable point, they were not i
i willing to.be dictated to by the Governor ■
: or his representative at a time when our !
i arrangements had been all made. It i
I seemed to me that the Governor should
have made known his wishes at an
earlier date. •
Mr. Beamans— next proposition was
as to the poaitton of the Governor and ;
National Guard .in the military parade
on the day of the landing of the return-
Ing volunteers from the Philippine Isl- '
ands. That Is determined between the
United States military authorities here
and the Governor of the State. Mr. Mar- I
tin stated to me that the commute*
would like to know what had been deter
mined. First, a* I understand . it. the
United States military authorities will
furnish an escort from the regular army,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, AUGUST 21, 1899.
THREE DAYS MORE, AND THE
SHERMAN WILL ENTER PORT
AT noon' to-day (San Francisco time) the transport Sherman should be only about %0 nautical miles from home,
and each succeeding twenty-four hours should see Her lessen the distance by at least 290 knots. That would
bring her to the Farallones at about noon on the 24th. Should the Sherman have made better time than ex
pected coming across she could not In any event make th? Farallones by Wednesday before dark, so in the
event of her getting well along by the afternoon of the 23d Captain Grant Will blow lown so as to make the
Faraliones at noon oil the 24th.
(Vccording to Nautical Expert McMillan'B calculations the Sherman was at noon yesterday (^an Francisco
time) in latitude 40* degrees 35 minutes north, longitude 150 degrees 25 minutes west, or about 1250 nautical miles
from San Francisco. -,_ ~ ..,_ a
A* the Sherman draws nearer port the interest in the coming of the California boy* increases and the crowds
that gather before the window of The Call business office on Market street grow larger. It is a large fac-simile of the
above map that attracts the people and they not only stop and gaze upon it during the day, but groups can be seen
there far into the night. '
preceded by a band. Next will come the |
special escort of the Governor of the
State and then the Governor of Califor
nia and his staff. After this will rollow
the National Guard of California. Next
will come the returning volunteers. Me
yond that and after that we have noth
ing to suggest, nothing to propose ana
nothing to say. We leave the rest to
the gentlemen who have charge of the
parade to arrange as they see nt. ir
there be any other programme that this
committee would like to have carried out
wo will confer with them if they see lit.
Mayor Phelan— la the Governor to par
ticipate in the night parade?
Grand Marshal Plstolesi— Shat
ter said that he would supply proper
mounts for Governor Gngo and his stair.
General Seamans— l presume he will,
but I am not advised about it.
Mayor Phelan— And as to the tug?
General Seamans— He proposes to go
out on the State tug Governor Markham,
and he request.* that there be no tow.
Mayor Phelan— Of whom does he make
this request?
••He makes that request of who
ever has that arrangement. We called
oh Mr. Sprockets this morning, but failed
to, find him in. His representatives. Mr. |
Leake and Mr Martin, were there." !
Mr. Martin— 1 would like to correct the
general on that lust statement. 1 think
he will recollect that we .stated most em
phatically that we were not there to
represent Mr. Spreckels. We met the
general, and In discussing this matter I
stated that I deemed it proper that the
Governor should make his wants known
to this committee, so far as the day pa
rade was concerned. I differed from the
Governor, as the city is raising these
funds. We are paying the transportation
of these troops, and should be consulted.
I took the ground that the municipality
had some rights in this matter, and I
don't propose that the Governor or any
one else shall come in here and interfere >
with us. .- .-
Seamans — Mr. Martin has asked me as !
the military representative of the Gov
ernor to come here. I would ask Mr.
Martin what he proposes. We may not
be so very far apart in this matter.
• Martin— l am very glad to see that the
Governor's representative will be glad to
co-operate with this committee, ana 1 f+;el
I can speak for the balance of the
committee on that point; but It must be
made very clear that any action on the
part of the Governor or his representa
tives, independently of the committee, will
mar the demonstration.
Lawrence — 1 don't understand why the :
Governor at this late day seeks to Inter
fere with our arrangements. That the
Governor should plead Ignorance concern-
Ing this Is a mystery. too deep for under
standing. If he claims that he does not
know what we are going to do, when all
the papers have been devoting a great
deal of space to the proposed celebration,
it argues that he does not keep informed on
current events. We have gone ahead and
tried the best we could to make this a
grand occasion— the grandest in the his
tory of this city. 1 do not see where
the Governor could do anything for. this
meeting except lend his presence; and ho
has been invited by the grand marshal.
The volunteers are beyond his control.
He is no more their commanding officer
than I am. Major General Shafter said
he would consult with this committee;
that the volunteers were in his hands, and
that he would consult with this commit
tee as to assigning them to a place in
the parade. Do you not know, sir, that as
far as the military companies in the inte
rior are concerned they could not move a
step to participate In these ceremonies
ecept for the courtesy of the citizens of
this community? The State has not pro
vided one dollar, but this committee pays
for the transportation of every man. We
want them with us. and they have signi
'lied their willingness to participate with
the people of this city; and we do not de
sire that you or any one else shall mar
the success of this grand demonstration
at this late moment by Interfering with all
the plans. What part the Governor has in
this I don't see, and I am amazed by an
attempt at this late day to interfere.
These organizations belong to us; these j
boys were born in this city, and they are
ours. The people of this city have raised
a fund of $50,000. a portion of which only |
is for the pageant. The balance will be
expended In taking care of the sick, the
maimed and the penniless. An attempt to
come in at this moment to disturb the ]
arrangements of the committee simply
surprises me, and, I think, all the rest of
the committee. The grand marshal is
present and will tell you what arrange- !
ments have been made.
Seaman?- 1 am very sure that the Gov
ernor of this State has no desire to mar in
any way. but to facilitate so far as lies in
his power the arrangements made for the
reception of the returning volunteers, hut
so far as providing money and bringing
the National Guard Into the city of San
Francisco Is concerned, I do not know
myself whether the Governor of the State
is advised that they are to be brought
here at the expense of the committee or
not. I certainly have not been officially
Informed of it. It ife certainly very com
mendable on the part of the citizens of \
this city to bring them here in order to \
make the reception more appropriate on
that occasion. I know It to be a fact
that the outside organizations of the Na
tional Guard have no funds .with which i
they can be brought to this city, and if !
money is supplied I am not aware that '.
the Governor is advised of the appropria
tion by the city of funds for the traps- ;
portation of the troops to the city, but
I think that he would fully appreciae it.
He expressed himself, not only to me, last !
night but to other members of his staff,
as wishing to co-operate in every legiti- j
mate and proper "way that he could to
make this demonstration fitting and up
to the occasion. The reason why 1 de
layed to inform this committee, or rep
resentatives of it, what his Idea.was is the
simple fact that it was not fully con
cluded or determined upon until last night
at midnight, and we could -not tell you '
until now what we thought to be fit and
proper, and I am here at the earliest mo
ment, and we ask with a view of ascer- '
taining what your ideas are about what
we thought In regard to certain portions j
of this parade. ■
Martin— would like to ask the gentle
man who preceded me if It was not a fact
that he had in his possession an arrange- ;
ment for this parade, and If he was not j
willing to turn It- over to me, and I want >
to know if this is subject to a change by !
arrangement with this •committee.
General Seamans— l pulled my pro- \
gramme out of my pocket and I stated to
him as I stated to you. that Is all the
programme there is. It Is exactly identi
cal with what I said to this committee
to-day. The Governor will have no other j
programme. . .".-;■...-.
Martin— l will ask the gentleman If he I
is willing to submit their programme to
this committee and coincide with the com- i
mittee in any changes we may suggest. ■;.
General Seamans— l win give the ; pro
gramme to the committee, but I will not
commit the Governor In advance to any
thing this committee may see fit to do.  I
General Senir.ans left the room. • ;
Colonel Sullivan— The Governor wouM I
PROGRAMME OF THE
RECEPTION EVENTS
Tuesday, August 22—Bene
fit performance of "The First
Born" by juvenile profession
als at the Qhutes.
Afternoon of the arrival of
the Sherman — Grand naval
parade by the ynchts, tug
boats and other craft on the
bay.
Second Day — Troops will be
breakfasted in tbo morning at
the ferry depot by the Parents'
and Relatives' Association,
followed by the march to the
Presidio under escort of mili
tary organizations of the State
and others. After reporting at
the Presidio the California
troops will be granted fur
loughs until 10 o'clock the fol
lowing morning. In the even
ing the grand electrical illmi
nation will be displayed for
the first time.
Third Day — Military con
certs at 11 o'clock in the
morning at Union Square nnd
Columbia Square. In the
evening, grand night parade,
pyroteclinicnl display and
electrical display, followed by
banquet to the troops at the
ferry depot.
Line of march — Van Ness
avenue to Markrt straet, to the
ferry, where the column will
countermarch on Market to
Montgomery, to California, up
California to Kearny. Kearny
to Market, out Market to Van
Ness avenue.
At dates yet to be fixed —
Banquet by Native Daughters
at ferry depot, to be followed
by distribution of medals. The
latter event will probably take
place at one of the baseball
grounds, as there is no build
ing in the city available for
the purpose. It is estimated
that accommodations will bs
provided for at least 10,000
people.
certainly go at the heart of the National
Guard troops, and 1 want to deny the
statement that (i.-neralSeamansmade that
General Dickinson is subordinate to Him .
and if ho can show me how a major gen
eral <an be subordinate to a brigadier
general, which General Beamana Is, I
should like t<i know. He Is simply a staff
i>fn<> r. Dickinson is supposed to R° into
ihe Held mid take charge of the^troops
in the nbsence of the Governor, ami If he
had known hIR business he would have
gjoni to General Dickinson.
Martin— J would state that if General
Die!- 1 :son would load and be first in the
line of battle In the absence of the Gov
ernor, 1 have no doubt but that the Gov
ernof would he absent.
"Is Mr. Gage going tn participate In the
night parade?" inquired Chairman Phelan
of Grand Marshal Plstolosi.
His spokesman, the adjutant general,
previous to his departure volunteered to
answer the question. The Governor would
probatily be in the parade, and would have
been pleased to go mounted, but he was
unattle jo secure a ffery steed to his liking,
and Bo he would ride In a carriage and
expected the parade committee to provide
him with one.
"The question of a mount has been set
tled. " said Mr. I'istolesi. "General Shafter
is going to supply us with all we need.""
This exploded one of the Gape excuses,
and his military representative rushed to
the rescue. •
"Besides we nre unofficially Informed
that there will be fireworks during the
night parade, and the Governor Is afraid
thnt if he- rides horseback his anlmnl
might become soured and he would get
hurl." and General Scamans never blushed
for the timidity of the commander-ln
chief of the State militia.
GERMANS ARE ENTHUSIASTIC
All the Local Societies Will Take j
Part in the Night Parade.
The members of the German societies of*
this city are taking an enthusiastic Inter
est in the reception to the California vol
unteers, and will turn out fully 2000 strong
in the night parade. The presidents of j
the different organizations met yesterday
afternoon at the Native Sons' headquar
ters in the California Hotel and decided
upon definite plans for their display.
The German section will be in three di
visions. John I^ankenau will be the sec- j
tion marshal. Ills chief of staff and as
sistant flirts are yet to be named. The
formation of the divisions will be as fol- j
lows:
FIRST DIVISION -Marshal, Franz .Tacoby;
aids, Alfred Furth nnd F. ThicrbßOh; Second
Regiment Hand; San Francis™ Schuetzen '
Vereln, Captain John Thode. commanding; San j
Francisco Turn Vereln Drum Corps; Schuetzen !
Section San Francisco Turn Vereln, Captain j
Attlnger; members San Francisco Turn Vereln.
SECOND DIVISION— MarshaI. George Braun;
aids. P. Schnutenhaus and Jacob Noll; San
Francisco Krleger Vereln Drum Corps; band;
San Francisco Krloper Vereln. Schuetien Sec
tion, Captain A. Franke, commanding; Consul
General Adolph Rosenthal and Captain Jacob- j
son of the German cruiser Geler In carriages; !
officers and crew of H. I. M. cruiser Oeler; J
members of Krleger Vereln; President A. '
Redecke; Schuetien Section, Independent Order :
Red Men. Captain H. Grleb, commanding;
■rand officers and members of Independent Or- i
der of Red Men.
THIRD DlVlSlON— Division Marshal, J. M. I
Kollster: aids. Henry Koehner, Theodore Lutge.
H. Sturckt.' J. H. Munster: Getsohell's Band:
Gennanla Club: Hannoveraner Vereln; Schles
• wl£-Holsteln Vereln. C
Grand Marshal Pistoles! and his chief
: aid. Alfred Morgenstern. held a confer
! ence with General Shafter yesterday as to
•the military display in the night parade.
I They were assured that the military
would be well represented. The general
promised a troop of cavalry, a battery of
light artillery and a battery of light ar
tillery marching as Infantry. He stated
that he would co-operate heartily with the
Native Sons and do everything possible
to (Hid to the success of the parade.
This evening the marshals of all divis
ions, excepting that of the Native Sons,
. will meet at the headquarters to arrange
I their positions in. the line of march. lv
order to insure impartiality and prevent
; friction the positions will be decided by
lot.
Tickets for the Native Sons' steamer,
the T. C. Walker, will be placed on sale
to-day at the headquarters. Five hundred
tickets will be sold, and they are limited
to Native Sons and Native .Daughters.
The heads of the various departments
of the city government will meet at the
parade headquarters* this ; afternoon to
make arrangements to participate in the
turnout.
The Irish-American citizens will make a
showing in the night parade that will
equal that of any of the divisions. The
Ancient Order of Hibernians, which took
the matter In hand, has heldseveril meet
lngp to arrange the details, and are pre
pared to announce thai they w... have at
least 5000 men In the line. ». J. lucCor
mick will marshal the dtv'slon. Hif/auW
will be J. I . Henry and John Herman.
The committee of nrraneements consists
of I l ' fuller Crowley. P. J. Mceormlek. J.
' J. i>o::ohue, Ed J. Sheehan and P. J. Kel
! lehor.
Delegations from I^os Angeles, Nevada
City. Salinas, Santa Clara. •«<* tin
Alarr.eua will join to swell the ranks of
•■■ >'">' '•""■tir~v;'t. ' . ..'■• Ladtos' Vux-
Iliary will be in the line in carriages. Their
section Is under the direction of Mrs. E.
Bulters, the county president.
WORKMEN WILL ENTERTAIN.
A. 0. U. W. Plans a Reception to
Its Soldier Members
The Ancient Order of L'nited Workmen
will royally entertain all members of the
ordf>r who are with thf California volun
teers or with ether r^piments • In the
; city when the Sheroan arrives.
This was decided upon yesterday at a
! meeting of representatives of the thirty
! two lodges of thp organization.
In calling the meeting to order Deputy
Grand Maßter Workman Edwin Daii
forth stated that the plan Included an
entertainment and dance In the largest
hall procurable, at a dale to tie selected
I hereafter.
The secretary reported the collection of
| $3(i4 00 Mr the celebration, with several
■ lodges still to be hoard from.
There was considerable discussion over
the scope of the reception, but it was
finally decided to invite all the soldier j
members of the A. O. U. W. who will be i
in the city at the time.
Tt was also decided to Invite the ladies
of the Degree of Honor to co-operate and
the drill team of Ivy Lodge, Degree of
Honor, will I>e asked to take part in the !
i exercises.
THe following committepfi were ap
ryjinted fey Chairman Danforth to report
at the meeting of the general committee
to-morrow evening In Unity Lodge Hall.
Shiels building:
Executive committee— M. J Black
man. J. Bowman, J. H McKnight
. George A. McGowan. A. \V. Tuppe.
Committee on hall— L. J Nevers C
T. Spencer, A. Jackson, Frank Far
ley. A. Wigmore. T. Rothganger.
Decoration committee— J. T. Kidd
P. \V. McCarthy, H. J. Mnack.
Entertainment committee — Walter
Malloy, William Hansen C T
Cleaves, J. Herrlnger, M. W. Freder-
I icks.
Badges— Gus Pohlman, M. H. Shep
herd, A. F. Fitehen..
DISTINCTIVE FEATURES PROPOSED
BERKELEY, Aug. 20.-Can the Unl- I
versity of California be represented n .he
monster p:.rade which is to welcome the.
California boys home from Manila? This
is the question which is now being dis
cussed by the Berkeley collegians. There
is a general opinion that the university
ought to take part in the reception, but
the way In which it could be carried out
is troubling the college men.
The executive committee of the Asso
ciated Students recommended to the
faculty that the university regiment of
, cadets be called out to march in the pro
' session. The cadet battalion, -lowever
will not be organized until the occasion
| for the display^ has passed, and at the
suggestion of Profesor Frank Soule, the
idea of a military showing has been given
up.
There is another way left, however, and
: it Is that all the students appear decked
| in the strangely battered top hats which
I custom dictates that the upper, class of
I the university should affect. The liars
together with college yells would make up
something distinctive of the State Uni
versity. Many of the students are eager
to carry out the plan.
HOMECOMING OF THE FIRST.
Rev. E. Nelander.of the First English
Lutheran Church preached an able ser
mon yesterday, to his : congregation : on
"The Homecoming of the* First California
Regiment." In part he said:
' /They are coming home! Eventful months
have passed since our boys went forth at their
country's call. What a day that was! ■■■■ The
huzza could not drown the sadness. Fathers,
mothers, sisters crying: the boys smiling- out
side, crying inside. With bright uniforms and
new rifles that glistened In -the sunlight, with
a silken flag-that floated proudly in the "f rep
air above them, : they marched down Market
street amid the roll of drums and tear-fllled
eyes and aching hearts. They were gone, but
our hearts went with them. In the cheerless
camp, on the weary marches, .in the hour of
battle we were with j them. Nor had they for
gotten those who were left behind, as testify
their weary hours of homesickness, the starlit
nights of picket duty, the sly tears which they
wiped off when they heard a group at the
campfire singing about the old folks at home
But now they are returning home. -Not all
but the spirit forms of the fallen will fill un
the gaps and keep step with the living. And
if their uniforms are not so bright; If their
musket* are runty with the damp* of Philip
pine swamp*; If the Soar old flag is rent and
torn, It will only increase our grateful homaß-o,
The Roman victor rode into. the ancient city
with a robe gold embroidered; in one hand a
laurel. In the other a scepter: the captives go
ing b*fr>re. the army earning after: the whole
population. In holiday dri>s-. cheering aicng the
line. How much more reas n we haVe to cheer
our returning boys for what they dared and
did and pufferod! All hail th-^ soldiers and the
flaijs they bring back In triumph, war-v. rr.
btKrimeil and baptized in biood 1 .
SAN RAFAEL TO BE REPRESENTED
SAN RAFAEL. Aup. 2C'.-The local mili
tary company proposes to take part 'a
the parude at San Fnuu-isco in honor of
the troops of the First California regi
ment when they return from the _ Jhillp
pincs. This organization is male up of
the members of Company D, Eighth Cali
fornia regiment, which was stationod at
Vancouver barracks during the war. At
a meeting last night it was decided to
participate in the welcome to their com
rades who have seen active service. The
company will be. supplied with new uni
forms for the occasion.
"THE FIRST BORN"
AT THE CHUTES
The ber.eflt for the reception fund to be
given at the Chutes Tuesday, August 22.
promises to be a success. The attraction
will be "The First Born," by a company
of professionals. The Chutes manage
ment is desirous of adding at least $500
to the fund by means of this benefit. The
grops receipts without one c-ent of ex
pense v.ili be turned over to the citizens'
committee. The following is the cast of
"The First Born:"
Looey Tsing, a slave girl. Daisy Grogan
Chan Lee. wife of Chan Wang
Xfna Cook
Cho Fow. a nurse Alice Condon
Chin Wane, a highbinder. Milton Roth
Hop Kee, a pipe bowl mender .....
Charles W. Thall
Chum Woe, a highbinder
Joseph Loughlln
Kwa Kee, a soup peddler.....
H. KoaneSy Sledge
Dr. Pow Len, a physician
Albert Well
Man Low Yek, a merchant ■
Elmer Johnson
THE "RAG-PICKER" TO APPEAR AT THE CHUTES BENEFIT.
Sum Chow, his serv/nf.. James Home
Du"k Low ...-.. .James -Home
Way Get. a guide...... George Clayton
Chinese rag picker Oeo ere 1 a yt o n
Fortune-teller.../ .....Ralph O Neil
Chan Toy, the first born ..........
Little Vernie W ells
Misses Condon and Cook and
Masters O'Ncll and Weir.
Act I—Street In Chinatown Act ll—
Alley In Chinatown.
"The First Born" will be preceded by
a number of specialties from the Chutes
reeul ir vaudeville show.
Charles W. Thall. who plays Hop Kee.
Is ,i eon of. Manager Mark'Thall of. the
Alcazar and Miss Daisy Grogan la .a
promising young professional who has
been playing child's parts for years.
The scenery, music and effects .will be
the same as used in the original Alcazar
production and seats are selling rapidly.
OUR GALLANT SOLDIERS
Oh joyous time! The gates' are will*
T Of'pvcry home to-day. outs.de ..
Th.- patient dear ones stand outside
And longing look upon the tide,
The transports on the bay.
What welcome has the mother's heart
For her dear boy returned? - .
In spite Of Joy the tears will start.
\s through the sunlight shadows dart.
lons hath she grieved and yearned..
But when, at last, her arms are tight
About his gallant breast: -
When pimple faith is lost In sight
And hop« with certainty bedtght.
Her thankful heart has rest.
' c n^iifonila crpet? her boys. - .
With shadows, tears and; smiles.
The smiles are for the sate and well. ■ ;
The shadows of th* wounded tell
The tears are for the lads who fell
In yonder far-off isles.
How does a mother treat her son. .
Who death heroic, dares?- . ■ "■
He * straightway to the table led .
And there reviews a gorgeous spread.
Refreshed nnd snugly tucked in bed. ■ ■ ,
She kneels in grateful prayers. .
' So California treats her sons ""'
"Who armed them at her call! ,
For all a great and gorgeous feed: •■ ■■ ■
' For nil the kindly word find deed;..
' With honest work for. those who need. •■ .■
4 ■ And medals for them all! ' .
Hurrah! Hurrah! No* loud and' far , ' ,
'• The "rln*werlng shouts are borne 1 • ••". » ' ,
The tran?tiorts at their moorings swing.
The whistles- blow, the. joy-bells ring. . ■
While glad hearts their To Deum sine.
• Alas' for those who mourn! * .
" San Francisco. " ' ROBERT A. BARKER.
, . . -,.. ■. — — •- ■ < .. ■ :,-. ,
RECEPTION NOTES.
The committee representing the differ
ent companies of the California Regiment
and California Heavy Artillery wHI meet
this afternoon at 3 o'clock at Armory
Hall. 315 Ellis street, to give badges to
all who are entitled to them- and who
have not already received thetn. Tickets
for the bay excursion will also be on sale.
The boat will be exclusively for the rela
tives of the returning soldiers. First
come, first served.
Colonel T. F. Barry lias Invited all offi
cers and members of th.» Third Infantry.
i N. G. C, from its earliest history, to
meet this evening at the Page street Ar
mory to make arrangements to take part
in the reception to the volunteers.
Mrs. A. S. Townsend has sent a check
for $2500 to the finance committee to be
added to the reception fund. She was ex
tended a vote of thar.ka yesterday by the
citizens" executive committee.
Mayor Fhelan and Colonel Sullivan vis
i ited the lowa yesterday to extend an ln
! Vltation to Captain Terry to take part
! in the parade with hia marines and tars.
I The captain Informed them that he would
! do anything he could in the matter, as
| he was only too glad of an opportunity to
j enow his appreciation of the treatment
he had received from the people of San
Francisco, but that he was powerless to
order his marines to parade without In
structions from Washington. Senator
Perkins and Congressman Kahn will tele
graph to-day fQr the necessary orders.
By the time the transport arrives the
lowa will be anchored ' off the Folsom
street wharf, as the repairs now being
made at the Union Iron Works will be
completed.
The Harbor Commissioners have changed
their original Intention of having the
breakfast to the returning California Vol
unteers in the grand nave of the ferry
building, and Instead the boys will be
served in the eastern gallery. There will
be three lines of tables, capable of seat
ing 2000 guests. The grand nave" and the
waiting-rooms will be thrown together
and reserved for promenading purposes,
and the crowds toat will attend can be
accommodated witii much greater con
venience. The Parents' and Relatives'
Association has been so besieged for
badges that it has been found necessary
to have 1000 more printed.
Colonel Long of the transport service
will probably place the City of Puebla at
the service of the Harbor Commissioner*
for one of the excursion boats.
It has been decided that the firework*
will not be set off from the ton of the
ferry building, on account of possibU
harm to the stonework. Al Pryor will
provide a barge called the Reina Chris
tina, lrom which some of the batteries
and rockets will be set off. The barge will
be loaded with tar barrels and flnally
sunk in the glare of red fire, and the
effect will be highly spectacular.
LAID THE FOUNDATION STONE
"With appropriate ceremony the hoar 1 if
directors of the Holly Park Improvement
Club laid the foundation stone for a new
hall yesterday morning at 10 o'clock. The
board of directors, consisting of George
Felix. Thomas O'¥ell. John Felix, Thomas
E. Comyns, H. E! Wtnkel, T. W. Cullen,
M. Morrison. A. S. Ll'.iie, E. F. Sautler,
P. Kramer, John Fortune, P. A Eggleston,
L J. Clark and P. Bothrnan, were on th&
ground, accompanied by quite a crowd of
gentlemen, ladies and children.
The proceedings wore opened by a tar
welVdfrectod remarks from E. F. Bautler,
who spoke of the early history of Holly
Park settlement and the advances made
by that portion of the Mission in building
up San Francisco. He was followed by
T. O'Neil, A. S. Lillie and others, all <»f
whom contributed something to the suc
cess of the day.
At the conclusion of the remarks the
corner-stone was declared .aid and thf>n
three rousing cheers v/ere given for th«
prosperity of Holiy Park and its vicinity.
Through the generosity of the people liv
ing in the- district the hall will be built
by gratuitous labor, the lumber alone be
ing paid for.
The lot noon which the building will
stand is 25x100 fret, and ts» located on Sev
enth and Crescent avenues, iust over Col
lege Hill, on the Mission road.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HUENEME— SaiIed Aug 20— Schr John V
Miller, for Grays Harbor.
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 13— Stmr Empire,
hence Auc 16. 20— Stmr Arcata. hence Aug 17.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Aug 20— Schr Meteor.
for Tacnina.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Ruth, fm
Coos Bay. .
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL- Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Ultonla,
from Boston.
BREMEN— Arrived Aug 19— Stmr Lahn, frm
New York.
HAVRE— Arrived Auk 2»-Stmr La Cham
pa(?ne. from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Auk 20— Str Etruria,
from Liverpool for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Aug 20— Stmr Koen
leen Luise. from Bremen for New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~~^UREB
While You Sleep !
/jfi Here Is relief
. /jSa from pain, from
/fSr nervousness and
/B ' F a^&i'*&f\ which accom-
I'C ft m )t\ panieti it. -• Her«
' * Sf »fc\ I s l l ' elon S free-
uLl ^-s.v^-rf-i. X oom : from drug-
' wi "W i»- Hr ffery and; doc--
»TS Jr JSjjS^ tor's bills. It Is
Kstt I jffTjL jt a cure at home,
MBSL. _St, _imf y&k &PPHed by your-
WWW l^n|^rjmK self and used
e^m'- \ZE£?Msfe& wßile you sleep.
R is ' Electricity
VPafcy^r^CCi-tsaißfi^ ;. applied .-.by my,
new me th d,
the result. of my 20 years' experience:.
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S
ELECTRIC BELT.
'■ Unlike ■ all others, made to cure. .You
apply it when you go to bed. You feel
' its warming, Invigorating and soothing
I currents flowing through your nervous
system and it induces a quief, restful
sleep. . You awaken In the morning feel-
Ing refreshed. It gives new. life. Call
and see it, or send for my free booklet.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, 1
-702 Market St.. cor. Kearny, S. r. : Burdlck
' Block; cor. Spring ! and Second 3t«., ; Los Aa«
geles.- '.- ■: ' - '-". •■ ■'. ■ ''■ * ' !
Of flc« ' Hours— B a. m. to 8;30 p. m. Sunday*.
10 to 1- NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
Dr. R. L. Walsh,
/^^C!Sm^V SIS* GEARY ST.. bet.
flB®Bp<<aS^«-^ Hyda and Larklrv.
E|? '^ S^So^jn Painie»» Kitractlon..
\Jfc» __, J^"i>7\ Crov.ns v.;? 5 * I'"*1 '"*
x* [■ T' li Ti *JiV Fle«h-colored Plate*..
l».Jl>^- Ty f ,,. JfU%.O(>
Contlnoous Gum Platei'Vno bad Joints) our
specialty, Hay« received TEN tlrst PHJ«* for'
this branch of dentlrtry. No student*. • It
, years' experienceGUNS SENT TO
CAPE COLONY
Boers Arming Their Supporters in
British South African
Possessions*
CAPT: TOTVN t . Aug. 21— The Trnns
ve.il Government, it is reported
has handed its reply to the
T'.ritish agent at Pretoria, to be
forwarded to Sir Alfred Milner,
F3ritish Hitrh Commissioner for South
Africa and Governor of Capo Colony.
Conflicting accounts are given as to
contents ;ind it is possible that the re
port is premature and that the reply
will lie delayed, owing to the trouble
ivith Portugal about transportation of
ammunition, consigned to the Trans
raal, now in Delagoa Bay.
Strong feeling has been aroused here
>y tho fact that the Transvaal is send
nsr larjre quantities of war material for
distribution among its supporters in I
'ape Colony and the Orange Free
ANARCHISTS OF
PARIS BATTLE
WITH POLICE
Conttau*<l from First Pare.
building in the Rue de Chanibrot-,
where Mi fides Guerin and his an
ti-Semite companions are in
trenched in a state of siege against
the police, siuho have orders for their
arrests.
PARIS, Aug. 21 — 2 a, Besides St.
Joseph's Church two cafes were
wrecked. At a late hour 20,000 people j
were in the Boulevard de Magenta,
which runs past the end of the Rue de
Chambrot. They are kept constantly
moving by the Republican Guards, who
have made a remarkable display of force.
Large bodies of police were constantly
operating in an*] around the Rue de
Chambrot and a large force is in read
iness at the nearest barracks.
In the collision between the anar
chists and Guerimtes the scuffling was
serious and three companies of the Re
publican Guards ' charged the contest-:
ants, several persons being Injured, j
Fifty or sixty policemen were seen :
striking wildly ad every person within
reach on the Boulevard de Magenta. A
lad was knocked down and while try
ing to arise a policeman literally
jumped over him. According to some,
paving'stones werenorn up and used as
missiles. . .
In the Avenue de Taillebourg there |
as a '.fierce, conflict.-. The police had J
to draw their swords against the anar
chists, who assailed them with stones.
Four policemen were wounded, two se- ,
riously and had to be taken to the hos
pital.
A lamentable feature of the affair is ,
that it will be regarded as a pro-Drefus !
demonstration and react greatly to the
detriment of the chance of acquittal.
It is much to be feared that yester
day's scenes were due to the weakness
the Government has displayed over the
<;i;erin affair* The Government's desire
to avoid bloodshed has been misinter- i
preted with the worst results.
It appears that the anarchists' de- |
monstration was decided upon at a ;
meeting held Saturday night. The
Journal dv Peuple, edited by Sebastian
Faure, published a manifesto de
nouncing the military party, the anti-
Somites, the monarchists and the
priests and urged Its supporters to j
meet force with force.
"Should Dreyfus be convicted," said
the manifesto, "it will be a triumph of
bandits. Should he be acquitted the
military section will be open to rebel
lion."
The paper called on all anarchists to
demonstrate against the priests and the |
Jesuits. Copies of the manifesto were
scattered broadcast and the result was
that the anarchists flocked into the
afreets singing "Carmagnole" and cry
ing "Abas Rochefort," "Abas Drumont"
and "Abas • ruerin."
The Guerin affair is becoming a com- '
plete farce. A leg of mutton and other i
provisions having been thrown from a l
house opposite and having fallen into j
the street, they were seized by the ;
police. M. Guerin, enraged at the loss J
CITY AND HARBOR OF LORENZO MARQUEZ, DELAGOA BAY.
At this place the Portuguese authorities, on the demand of the British Government, are detaining shipments of war
supplies belonging to the Boers.
State. Over seven tons have been
landed at Port Elizabeth, on Delagoa
Bay, and sent over Cape railway lines
to Allwalox for distribution.
The Cape Colony Government com
plains that it could not prevent their
transportation to a friendly state and
; if permission had been refused the sup
plies would have been sent to Delagoa
Bay. It is probable the matter will now
be referred to the imperial Government.
I.i >NDON, Aus. 20.— The Colonial
Office denies that the Sec-rotary of State
for the Colonies, Joseph Chamberlain,
has sent an ultimatum to the Govern
ment of the South African republic
with respect to the demands of the Out
landers, as was asserted this morning
by The People.
of his Sunday dinner, flung the window
■ >I>pii and shook his first, exclaiming:
I "If a single one of my men should com
plain of hunger, I will blow Lepine's
<\ 'refect of Police) head off the first
; time he passes through the streets.
You policemen, who have the misfor
■ tune to serve a band of scoundrels,
! ought to let things go. You can't allow
;us to die of hunger. Ah, bon dieu, but
we shall resist. Send us up what our
: friends have thrown us or fire on us at
once, savages."
An attempt was made to fire the choir
o-f St. Joseph's with petroleum and the
firemen were called on to quench the
flames. Several parishioners were
severely mauled in their efforts to de
fend the church from sacrilege. The
church is situated in the poorest quarter
, of the city.
Up to the present hour fifty-six per
sons have been reported injured, in
; eluding several policemen. Nearly all
were hurt by being crushed ot trodden
under foot. A body of rioters, who
had taken refuge in the courtyard of
the Gare de l'Este, was expelled by the
police, who made twenty-five arrests.
COURT OF CASSATION
WILL SAVE DREYFUS
New Trials to Be Ordered Until the
Court-Martial Acquits tiie
Prisoner.
SEATTLE. Aug. 20.— M. Leon Bureau of
Paris, formerly private secretary of M.
Labor!, is in the city a guest of Dr.
Adriene Monod, the French Vice Consul.
He said to-day the present trinl of Drey
fus would result In his acquittal. If "a
verdict of guilty were returned the Court
of Cassation, the. highest French author
ity, would at once set It aside and order
another court-martial, and so on until
Dreyfus be acquitted. This court knew
that French law was being juggled by the
military court, and had two grounds on
which it could set aside such a sentence:
First, violation of the law, and, second,
abuse of power.
"When the Court of Cassation sent
Dreyfus back for a second trial he was
remanded on the charge of having been
the author of the bordereau." said M. Bu
reau. "Now this Is the only thing he could
be tried for. Instead of sticking to this
the court has permitted witnesses to talk
of his relations with women and other
outside matters, which is directly a vio
lation of French law."
M. Bureau said it was within the power
of the Court of Cassation to have decreed
Dreyfus innocent. In fact, there were but
two things for that tribunal to do— either
adjudge him not guilty or send him back
for retrial. This latter proceeding was
deemed best, as through a retrial a me
dium would be furnished and so give the
military party a ehancr to redeem itself.
It would look so much better in the eyes
of the world and help to take away the
odium any acquittal by the Court of Cas
sation would make.
MONEY FROM ABROAD
TO ASSIST DREYFUS
French Paper Declares Thirty-Five
Million Francs Were Sent to
His Friencs.
PARIS. Aug. 20.— The Echo de Paris, i
in commenting upon the testimony of- !
fored at Rennes by Captain Culgnet, for- ;
mer attache of the Ministry of War, to i
whom was assigned last year the task of j
collecting matter bearing upon the Drey
fus. Picquart and Esterhazy affairs,
says:
"Captain Culgnet's evlder.ee shows that
the whole secret dossier has been
communicated to the court-martial. A
document liuh been withheld which
proves the existence of a vast network of
espionage under the direction of foreign '
military attaches and of negotiations on
the subject of the Dreyfus case between
several French notables and the repre--
Bentatives of foreign powers.
"The dossier, moreover, contains proof
that the sum of r>f>,ooo.ooo francs was re
ceived in France from abroad for the '
purpose of prosecuting a pro-Dreyfus |
campaign."
The I,iberte says that th« Dreyfus trial !
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 21, 1899.
will not he finished before the middle of
faeptemhpr.
According to the Echo de Paris, as a
consequence of Captain Cuignet's evi
dence General Cbamoine, who took the
\\ ar Office secret dossier to Rennes has
started suddenly for Paris
CLEMENCEAU,S REVIEW
OF THE DREYFUS CASE
Says the Trial Will Last Much Long
er Than Was at First
Expected.
NEW YORK. Aug. 30.— The Journal has
the following from Paris: George Clemen
ceau, in a review of the Dreyfus trial,
Bays: The trial at Rennes will surely last
, much longer than was expected at first.
At this present, moment there are enough
witnesses to occupy the court down to
Sptembef 2, but Dew witnesses are gath
ered from day to day. Some capital ques
tions, such as the Mercier-Schnelder for
gery, and another very strong case which
baa not been spoken of yet and in which
Generals Morn, r and «'hanoine are
Strongly implicated, will surely occupy
Beveral sittings of the court. If matters
are to be made dear, therefore, there
i.« no use to anticipate the end of the de
bates before the 10th or 15th of September,
and I should not wonder if things came
, still later to a dose.
Some very important witnesses have.
j thus far been beard, but it is a matter of
< remark that they are much more impor
tajit by personal character arid title than
by the weight of their evidence. In no
' English or American or even French court
were such witnesses ever seen.
A matter of wonder is that the French
Supreme Court has increased with great
care the domain in which the Rennes
court-martial is called to move. Judges,
witnesses and the State's Attorney thus
far have not taken into acount this deci
sion of the Supreme Court. It has been
settled, for Instance, that the bordereau
1 was Anally recognized as being in the
handwriting of Esterhazy, and, legally,
the only question before the court-martial
is this: "Has Dreyfus delivered to the
; German Government thp very documents
] which Esterhazy mentioned in his bor
dereau?"
There is not thn slightest doubt left
j that Dreyfug had never any connection
whatever, direct or indirect, with Estor
: hazy. At no time was this point con
i tested. Nobody ever argued that the two
; men ever had any. So that If the law
whs followed th<> whole trial at Reenes
might fairly last one or two hours.
< 'olonel Picquart had been abused. He
, did not abuse any one. lie told how he
\ had discovered thnt Esterhazy was the
| real traitor, not Dreyfus. Ho told what
Ihe had to suffer for. It was not to com
: plain, but to show how the plot was
formed against truth, right and iaw. This
he proved.
Later on when the historian shall try
ito unravel the knot of this tragic Im
broglio ho will have no<ning to do hut to
follow I'lrquarts 1 calm and conclusive
i demonstration. At that time it will be
i universally confessed as we already now
proclaim, that Dreyfus is the victim and
that Picquart is the hero.
DREYFUS COURT-MARTIAL
RESUMES ITS SITTING
Colonel Fabre Reiterates His Convic
tion That the Accused Wrote
the Bordereau.
RENNKS, Auk. 21.— The Dreyfus court
martial rpconvened this morning at the
usual hour. Maitre Labor! was not prps
ent. His doctors considered that it was
inadvisable for him to attempt to take
ANTI-SEMITIC LEAGUE'S LEADERS AND HEADQUARTERS.
MERCIER SAYS DREYFUS'
CONVICTION IS CERTAIN
RENNES, Aug. 20.— General Mercier, who was Minister of War when
Captain Dreyfus was condemned, and who in the present trial is
the virtual prosecutor, was this afternoon Invited to make a state
ment of the position of the anti-Dreyfusards. General Mercier
gave through his eldest son the following expression of his views:
General Mercier considers it useless to attempt to convert foreign opinion
regarding the Dreyfus question, in which, moreover, foreigners have no right
to Intervene. Foreign people have been misled by their press, which Is vio
lently Dreyfusard, for the good reason that a majority of the foreign news
papers have been bribed by thp Jewish syndicate. General Mercier considers
that anything he might say explaining his position, which is that of a major
ity of the French people, would be useless. The best reply to Dreyfusard
statements abroad will be the condemnation of Dreyfus.
This condemnation is only a matter of ten days or a fortnight, for con
demned Dreyfus certainly will be. Foreigners will then sec that their jour
nals ha^e deceived them, for they will recognize that the mass of the French
nation, who will receive the news of the conviction of Dreyfus as joyful tid
ings, is not composed of officials, and that the majority of the French applaud
the condemnation; it will be because it is just and merited.
The correspondent then called upon Maitre Labori. who lives within
200 yards of General Mercier, the houses of both being guarded by gen
darmes and dt'cteetives who sit in chairs in the roadway in front of the
houses. M. Labor! was taking the air in the garden. He has been suffer
ing severely fn>m insomnia and to-day was feverish and excited. The
wound itself has not made the progress the doctors hoped for, although
there has been no relapse.
In view of his general condition, his medical advisers oppose his go
ing to court to-morrow, as he had desired. They predict that the exer
tion would so overtax his strength as to compel him to take to his bed,
which he would not probably leave in that event for a month. Tues
day or Wednesday, therefore, will more probably see his reappearance In
court. He will be provided with a specially constructed chair that will
enable him to conduct the cross-examination at the outset, without rising
from his seat.
M. Labor! is intensely anxious to return to court, even if he has to be
carried there in an ambulance. He is dissatisfied with M. Demange's
conduct of the case thus far, and on his return he intends -to have Gen
eral Mercier and the other generals placed upon the witness-stand. After
reading their evidence he is confident of his ability to crush Mercier and
he expects to use the Schneider and Fanizzardi telegrams also to con
found Mercier.
part in to-day's proceedings in view of the
danger of a relapse.
The witness was. Colonel Fabre, who
deposed that he had discovered a simi
larity between the handwriting of the ac
cused and that of the bordereau. He re
it, rated his conviction of the guilt or
Dreyfus, saying:
"1 am sure he wrote the bordereau.
Plotters to Be Arrested.
NEW YORK. Aug. 20.— A Sun cable
from ' Paris says: There are rumors that
further arrests of plotters against the
Government will be made, but they pan
not be confirmed. It was said the arrest
<>f M. Mlllevoye a Nationalist leader, was
imminent, and he went to Prefect of Po
lice Lepine to ask if the report were true.
The latter said tho Government had no
intention of arresting him. I-e Petrie de
clares English newspapers paid Esterhazy
25.000 francs to declare himself the author
of the bordereau.
MAJOR HARRISON ILL
WITH YELLOW FEVER
The First Case That Has Occurred in
the New Camp at Cris
tobal.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 20.— Major
Russell Harrison, inspector general, is
critically ill with yellow fever. The dis
ease has progressed for three days, al
though it was not pronounced yellow fever
until this afternoon. The case is the first
to occur at Cristobal, to which place the
headquarters was removed last month to
• scape infection.
Of late the quarantine rules have been
relaxed, owing to the fact that there have
t.et'ii no rases in the city, and tho officers
from headquarters have been in the habit
of coming to Santiago daily and returning
to headquarters at night. Major Harrison
has been isolated, but not brought to the
fever hospital.
The Army and Navy Journal, In Its is
sue of August 12, reports the death, from
yellow fever, of Private Beattie of the
Eighth Infantry, the report bearing the
signature of Major O'Reilly. This is an
error, due to translating ''dead," the word
in the code message, which should have
been rendered "sick."
Beattie had a very light case, and It is
even doubtful whether the disorder was
yellow fever. He has been on duty now
several days since his convalescence.
FIVE PERSONS LOST
IN A SHIPWRECK
Wife of the Owner, Who Was Travel
ing for Her Health, One of
These Who Were Drowned.
DETROIT, Aug. 20.— A Tribune special
from Harbor Beach says: Five lives were
lost this afternoon by the capsizing: off
Pointe an Barque of the schooner Hunter
Savidge. She was bound from Sarnia to
Alpena Light, and when struck by a
squall capsized. The following were
drowned:
MRS. JOHN MT'LLTCKWEISS of Al
pena, wiie of the vessel 1 * owner.
ETTA MULLERWEISS, aged 6.
MRS. FRED SHARPSTON, wife of the
captain.
— SHARPSTON, son of the captain.
THOMAS DUBUY. mate.
Details are ver- meager, and the fate of
the rest of tho crew is unknown. Wreck
ing parties have left for the scene.
Tho Hunter Savldee was owned by John
Mullerweias of Alpena. His wife had been
ill for some time, and whs making a trip
on the vessel for her health.
MERRITT SAYS OTIS
WILL STAY IN MANILA
PLATTSBURG. N. T., Aug. 20.-At the
close of his interview with President Mc-
Kinley to-night General Merritt Bald:
"So far as I know there will be no
immediate change in military command
ers in the Philippines. General Otia,
whom I regard as one of the most capable
and efficient officers in the service, will
continue In charge of the American
forces."
"Will you be sent to the Philippines?"
was asked.
"Not now," replied the general.
NEARLY WRECKED
BY A HURRICANE
Terrifying Experiences of Passengers
on the Kansas City, Off Cape
Hatteras.
SAVANNAH. Ga., Aug. 20. — The
steamer Kansas City, which reached here
this morning fifty hours overdue, had a
thrilling experience in the West Indian
j hurricane. The steamer encountered the
storm off Cape Hatteras, and battled with
it lor two days. The ship was driven
i 100 miles off her course seaward. The sa
j loon was flooded with water, the passen
gers were wet, bedraggled and sick, and
| some of the women became hysterical.
Must of the. passengers remained in their
| rooms, and those on the upper deck were
| unable to get out. The ship rolled and
! lurched as the huge waves struck her
I and broke over her decks. The doors and
windows were battered, and every mo
ment during the fiercest of the storm It
was feared that the skylights would be
broken in and let the waves through. At i
one time danger of tiro was added to the '
horror of the storm. Friday morning the I
electric light wires Bet fire to the casing
in the after companionway. Thf> fire
worked its way along the casing to the
main saloon. The ;Uarm was given im
mediately, and the call to quarters was
sounded. The storm was still at its
height, but the crew responded quickly to i
the call, and the fire was subdued. All i
the casualties were among the officers !
and crew. Captain Fisher was injured j
though not seriously, by a fall, and First !
Officer Smith was thrown against the
deck and internally Injured. Several coal ■
passers wore injured, and it was only by
extra effort that they were kept at
work.
NEW RAILROAD TO BE
COMPLETED IN A YEAR
Initial Meeting of the Stockholders of
the Stockton-Sacramento
Road.
STOCKTON, Aug. 20.— The Initial meet-
Ing of the promoters of the new railroad
between Stockton and Sacramento was i
held here this afternoon. Those present
voted to keep ali the plans secret for the
present, several declaring there had been
too much discussion already. The result
of the meeting was the election of H. T.
Compton as chief engineer, and authori
zation was given him to start the survey
as soon as he can make necessary prepa
rations. It was further decided to incor
porate and establish headquarters in this
city.
The present Identity of those interested
will nut be made public, but the personnel !
of those present at to-day's meeting in-!
(iicales that several farmers and shippprs I
are the prime movers. A positive denial
is made that the Santa Fe is in any way
interested, and those enlisted in the en
[ terprise are confident that an independent
I line through the upper valley will be com
pleted within twelve months. It is learned ■
on the outside that the company has the
option on a valuable piece of water front
property located on the north side of the
Htockton channel. There is already a
bulkhead on it and several miles of grade
running north, which was completed sev
eral years ago for a road which was to
have been known as the Lodi Terminal
Railroad.
ADDITIONAL CASES
OF BUBONIC PLAGUE
| It Has Recently Been Decided by the
Sanitary Board That Oporto
Be Isolated.
MADRID, Aug. 20.— Three fresh cases of
bubonic plague are reported from Oporto.
They are said to be of mild character. The
Spanish Consul there will be prosecuted
for falling to notify the Spanish Govern
ment of the outbreak. It is estimated
that already the commerce of Oporto has
suffered a loss of $500,000.
LISBON, Aug. 20.— The sanitary board
has resolved to isolate Oporto, where the
j bubonic plague has broken out, with a
sanitary cordon.
TWO LIEUTENANTS
SHOT BY TAGALS
Insurgents Leave Nineteen Dead
on a Battlefield on
Negros Island.
1 /f ANIL A, Aug. 20. — On*
2_Y± lieutenant of the Twelfth
Infantry was killed and
another seriously wounded while
reconnoitering last evening north of
Angeles. The Americans encoun
tered a large force of insurgents
and drove them from their position.
Lieutenant Cole of the Sixth In
fantry, with eighty men, encoun
tered ioo insurgents intrenched in
I the mountains of the Island of Ne
i gros and routed them after an hour
and a half of severe fighting. The j
Americans had three men slightly
hurt. Nineteen dead insurgents
were counted in the trenches. Six
rifles and a quantity of reserve am
munition were captured.
The insurgents recently cut thc\
cable in Laguna Bay, leading to
Calmba, on the south shore of the
lake, but the break has been re
paired.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20.— The fol- j
lowing dispatches,' announcing engage- '
ments with the Philippine insurgents, i
were received at he War Department \
to-day:
MANILA, Aug. 20.— The lieutenant
colonel of the Sixth Infantry with eighty!
men attacked and routed JfHi of the enemy :
intrenched at Tibuan, NTegros Mountains", !
having three men slightly wounded. The '
ADMIRAL DEWEY DECLARES
FOR PHILIPPINE AUTONOMY
LONDON, Aug. 20.— The Rome correspondent of the
Daily News writes that Lewis M. Iddings, secretary of
the American embassy at Rome, enabled him to interview
Admiral Dewey at Naples at the moment of the Olympia's
departure from that place. According to the correspondent,
the admiral said:
"I have the question of the Philippines more at heart
than any other American, because I know the Filipinos inti
mately. They know I am their friend. The recent insurrec
tion is the fruit of the anarchy that long reigned in the isl
ands. The insurgents will have to submit themselves to law
after being accustomed tc no law. I believe and affirm,
nevertheless, that the Philippine question very shortly will
be solved. The Filipinos are capable of governing them
selves. It is a question of time, but the only way to settle
the insurrection and to assure prosperity is to concede self
government. I have never been in favor of violence against
the Filipinos. The islands are now blockaded by the fleet,
and war reigns in the interior. I would like to see auton
omy first conceded and then annexation talked about."
The correspondent says Dewey told him he had in his
case made the first exception to his rule of not giving inter
views to newspapers.
i enemy left in the intrenchments nineteen
! dead, six rifles and all their reserve am
munition. They are supposed to be the
; armed Taglos who a few days since
crossed from Panay in small boats.
OTIS.
MANILA. Aug. 19.— First Lieutenant Al
fred W. Drew, Twelfth Infantry, was mi
i stantly killed and First Lieutenant Willis
j Uline of the same regiment severely
I wounded yesterday in an attack on in
! surgents in the vicinity of Angeles by two
! companies of the Twelfth Infantry. No
I other casualties. The enemy was routed.
OTIS.
First Lieutenant Alfred Drew, men
tioned in the foregoing dispatch, was
born in Texas and graduated from the
Military Academy in 1891. He was as
signed as second lieutenant of the
I Twelfth Infantry. During the war with
I Spain he was major £f the Third Texas
j Volunteer Infantry.^ m
IGNORANCE CAUSED
THE INSURRECTION
President Schurman of the Philippine
Peace Commission Talks of
the War.
CHICAGO, Aug. 20,-^Jacob Gould Schur
man, United States Commissioner to the
Philippines, arrived in Chicago to-day
irom the islands, of which he has just
completed a six months' study at the in
stance of President McKinley. He left
for his home in Ithaca, N. V., and will
report to the President as soon as a meet
ing can be arranged. In an interview he
said :
So far as the results of my official
negotiations with the representatives
of Aguinaldo or other Filipino officials
were concerned, I am not at liberty to
talk of them till I have made my re
port to the President concerning the
islands in general. However, there is
much to be told. In my opinion the
rebellion, the last of which we are try
ing to suppress, was due in the first
place to several causes, the principal
of which were the tyranny of some of
the religious orders, the exercise of ar
bitrary power by the Governor Gener
als and the delay and corruption of
justice.
The leaders of the rebellion tell their
followers the most astounding tales of
the Americans, and the common peo
ple believe that the priests under
American rule would subject them to
the same tyranny. That the American
army killed priests or otherwise mal
treated churchmen or church property
is itself utterly without foundation.
Aguinaldo is believed in the islands
to be honest, and I think he is acting
honestly in money matters, but wheth
er from moral or political reasons I
would not say. While I don't care to
discuss the real motives behind the re
bellion at this time, I will say that
If it were suppressed there would be
many prominent native officials out of
an occupation.
Mr. Schurman declined to answer the
question as to whether he had been the
subject of any anti-imperialist commu
nications, saying that on that question he
would not speak. He said that the re-
sources of the Islands were great, but
that he must decline to commit himself on
the subject of making them a part of this
country.
ARRESTED BECAUSE HE
CRITICIZED HIS COLONEL
Surgeon-Major Warne of the First
South Dakota Volunteers in
Duress.
MINNEAPOLIS. Aug. 20,— A special to
the Times from Sioux Falls, S. D.. says:
Senator Pettigrew is in receipt of a ca
blegram dated at Nagasaki, Japan, from
Dr. R. C. Warne, major and surgeon of
the First Regiment, South Dakota Volun
teers, which pays:
•'Arrested by Frost for published let
ter."
This Is the culmination of the charges
made by Warne against Colonel Alfred
S. Frost of the South Dakota regiment In
a letter published here last month, in
which Warne referred to Frost as a "low,
contemptible cur. looking only to his own
interests; that he would gladly sacrifice
every man in the regiment for a few dol
lars in his own pocket or a littlt glory for
himself, and that he has no interest in th>;
men except to use them for his own sel
fish advancement."
FOUR ARMIES MAY BE
SENT INTO THE FIELD
Plan Likely to Be Put Into Execution
When Otis Receives His Re
inforcements.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20.-The map of
the Philippines, and especially of that
portion of the island of Luzon north and
south of Manila, which have been pre
pared for the use of Secretary Root, may
assume a more important part in the com
ing campaign than has been given it nero
tofore. Secretary Root has not only as
certained where the United States troops
are located and has them nicely marked
, off on the map but he has also taken into
i consideration such information as can be
! obtained relative to the population of the
i adjacent country, the kind of people and
| their disposition toward the United Stit?a.
I The Secretary has been studying the lines
| of transportation and learning what he
j can of the geography of the country.
It Is believed that more than one army
I may operate to advantage in the Philip
i pines, and the suggestion has been made
by some army officers that an army
i should start from different points and
! operate in such a manner as to distract
and destroy the Filipino forces.
At present the United States forces do
i not occupy the line of railway half-wav
|to Lingayen. on the gulf of the samV>
; name. It has been suggested that if one
i force were to start from Lingayen and
j move south at the same time that another
I was moving north there would be a very
i great probability of soon securing the
entire railway for the use of the array
and the Insurgents would be separated
into divisions east and west by the rail
road as they are now divided into north
ern and southern bands. Between Angeles
| and Lingayen is Tarlac. a town of con
| siderable size and situated in a province
where the natives are said to be not un
! friendly to the United States. If this
province could be occupied it might be of
great advantage to the Government
m?- L e i e c u re m . ere 'y suggestions it
may be that when the army in the Phil
ippines consists of 60.000 men instead of
about 20,000 or 25.000 it will be possible to
have four or more armies operating in-
I stead of two as during the last campaign.
The location of troops as marked by
i pins on the map prepared for Secretary
I Root show the places occupied as follows:
North of Manila— Under General Mac-
Arthur, a point above Angeles (General
! eca n£ n> ' Angeles Porac. Calucul, Santa
! Rita San Fernando (Mac Arthur). Batfs
Candaba San Luis. Calumpit. Malolos!
Quinga, Baliug. Bustes, Quinguinto and
i Bigaa, •
South of Manila— lmus (Lawton's head
quarters). Mingling. Tupa. Cavite. Bacoor.
Talaba, Paranaque, Taguig, Pasig Mari
i quina and points adjacent around th*
: aqueduct and pumping station, Taytay.
Antipolo, Moreng and Calamba, the point
south and which has no communication by
! land.
DEATHS IN OTIS' ARMY
WASHINGTON, Ausr. 20.-Genoral Otis'
i cable to the War Department reports the
following deaths since the last report:
FRED A. COMLEY, Twenty-fourth Infantry
fever. 14th.
ALLIE W. LORDE, Twelfth Infantry; ty
phoid fever, 15th.
SECOND LIEUTENANT JOSEPH B.
; MORSE, I, Ninth Infantry; acute dysentery
I 15th.
JOHN SMITH, X, First Washington: 17th
WILLIAM K. HARRISON, X, Thirteenth
I Infantry-: ISth.
i JOHN H. DUNN, D, Fourth Infantry; ab
-1 scess of liver, 17th.
ADOLPH M. KREITSER. F. Sixth Artillery;
j general arterial jchlorosis, 17th
FRANK C. MILLER, I, Twenty-first In
fantry. _______^______
German Prince Coming.
LONDON, Aug. 20.— The Daily Mall's
Berlin correspondent says that Prince
Henry of Prussia, a. brother of Emperor
William, who now commanus the German
squadron in Asiatic waters, will visit San
Francisco, and perhaps other American
I ports, after leaving China. He may per
j haps pay a visit to President McKinl«y
at Washington.
34
_ I
■
MONDAY AUGUST 21, 1899 |
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE.., ...Market and Third Sts.. S. F ■
Telephone Main ISGS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 1." CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, ~< cents.
Terms by Mali. Including Postar*:
PAII.Y CALL (Including Sunday Call), one .rear fO.OO
pAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months HAM
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— I3y Single Month .., ((Up
SUNDAY CALL Cue Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year „ 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will b« forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDED:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKENS «JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Fhr-rm3n House; P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brent_no. SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.I OFFICE Wellington Hotel
d. L. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street, corner Clay
Open until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes street, open until
30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
IS4I AMssion street, open until 10 o'clock 229' Market
ftreet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh;
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,-
AMUSEMENTS.
California "A Bachelor's Honeymoon."
Columbia— "A Southern Gentleman."
Tlvolt— "CavaiKrla Rusttoana" and "I'Pagliaccl."
. le."
.. , r ••
Chutes, Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Sutro Swimming Races, etc.
Chutes and Z*jo— lieut?!H of the Reception Fund. Tuesday
evening. ,
Alhanibra— Our Heroes' Fund Benefit, Wednesday and
Thursday, August T3 and 24.
California State Fall Sacramento— September 4 to 16.
A GREAT DEMAND FOR GOODS
WHILE the commercial agencies report trade
its high pressure pitch of the pan
few months eekly bank clearings indi
cate a relaxation, the gain last week falling to about
19 per cent over the same week last year. This is the
smallest increase for a long time. Still, when the
farmers of Kansas and Nebraska buy 7000 buggies
vagons in three months business must be good.
and when the feature of trade in the latter State ; -;
the active purchasing oi pianos by the same farm
ers, times certainly cannot be called hard. For the
rest, all reports from the Hast and West unite in
saying that the demand for goods of all descriptions
was never better. That for iron and steel is so enor
ers for manufactured products have to
b< delayed owing to difficulty in petting the steel.
The Cramps have laid off many hundred hands and
asked Ku~ n extension of time on the two
warships for this reason. In the iron trade this is a
us case of too much activity for the good of
the trade. Wheat, as indicated in this column last
. has advanced, as the quotations have been
; too low (■ g the conditions of the
- crops, and the export demand has corre
spondingly increased. The wool trade shows no
pause worthy of note, the sales for three weeks be
ing 28,300,000 pounds, against 13,096,500 pounds for
:ne time last year, while a number of line« of .
the manufactured product have again advanced. The
nee in boots and -hoes has not checked the de
. and a further rise in lumber is reported at
several Western markets. In fact, prices for the vari
ous merchandise staples arc advancing with such con
tinuity that business men are beginning to ask how
long the advance can keep up without diminishing
the consumption. This, they say. must come, sooner
or later, but it is not in sight yet. Cotton is the only
staple to show any weakness, and this in the face of
more unfavorable crop reports.
The situation is unique. There is no boom in any
thing as far as can be seen, yet from all quarters of
the country come the same reports of unprecedented
trade activity, week after week. It seems to be a legit- •
rmate inquiry for merchandise for actual consump
tion, for speculation occupies a minor place in this
remarkable activity. Neither is it the usual reaction
after a long period of dullness, for the reaction oc
curred last year. It appears to be a .videspread and
continuous demand for goods, based upon an ex
ceptional condition of general prosperity.
A gratifying feature in this connection is the ea<;
ing off of the London money market, which, several
weeks ago. exhibited indications of a serious strin
gency, not to say panic. The passing of this cloud
is another sign of the healthy expansion in trade, and
cannot fail to increase confidence in the future.
Locally, there is nothing new. The great staples
of the coast still maintain their strong position, and
there is no decline of any consequence in anything.
The export trade is still so active that it is a question
of vessels, not "rdrr-. The domestic trade never was
better at this time of the year. , Money is in liberal
supply and easily procurable by sound borrowers,
collections are up to the average, and there have been
no large failures for -<>me time. Complaints are still
heard of the scarcity of farming hands, but this is
not a bad sign, as it indicates a lively condition of
trade. We lack nothing except a moderate increase
in the price of wheat and it- attendant cereals, and
if we get it we will break all records this year, if,
indeed, we are not doing it even now.
Congressman Gark of Missouri declares that the
people will break the necks of all Democrats who
play false. His warning i^ wretchedly indefinite, but
perhaps he means that Democrats, having a better
knowledge of the situation, intend to break the necks
of one another.
Tf the Spanish war did nothing else it jarred Eu
rope into a painful awakening that we are on the map.
Even Holland insists upon being ridiculous and
wants to lean on Germany as a protector against the
aggression of Uncle Sam in the West Indies.
So it appears after all that the Britishers care less
for their fellows in t,he Transvaal than they do for a
political advantage at home. A war is to be forced
upon the Boers in order that the Conservative party
may strengthen itself in London.
SEAMANS BRAYS FOR THE GOVERNOR
WHEN Governor. Gage appointed W. H. Sea
mans, the oniament.il ass of the orange belt,
to the responsible position of adjutant-gen
eral, The Call expected that some fantastic military
tricks would be played before high heaven. The ex
pected happened yesterday, and the angels wept.
General Seamans made such a show of ignorance
and asininity as was never before seen. The spec
tacle from start to finish, while ridiculous, was yet de
plorable. Appearing before the executive committee
appointed to arrange for a fitting reception of Cali
fornia volunteers, he sought by a great flourish of
assumed military authority to upset the plans adopted
by the citizens of San Francisco and transform the
celebration into an ovation in honor of himself and
the Governor.
The fact should be noted in connection with the
proposed welcome to the troop? that the money to
defray the cost of the celebration has been contrib
uted by the people of this city. The State is not
asked to pay a dollar. It is proposed that the citi
zens shall even pay the cost of transporting the com
panies of militia from the interior to the city. Now,
at the eleventh hour, when all the plans are com
plete. Gage's chief of staff makes his appearance, as
suming authority to remove Major General Shaftei
from the command of the United States troops and
Major General Dickinson from the command of the
State troops. The sublime ass has got the notion
between his ears that the First California Regiment
will be a State organization as soon as the»troops
step from the transport to the land. The First Cali
fornia Regiment was duly mustered into the service
(-■{ the L'nited States at the beginning of the war. and
will remain a United States volunteer regiment until
mustered out When Colonel Duboce of the First
California arrives here he will report to Major Gen
eral Shatter, commanding the Department of Cali
fornia. U. S. A. Colonel Duboee. an intelligent sol
dier, will readily obey the orders of the department
commander.
Senmans expanded himself yesterday before the
committee and "pooh-poohed" Major General Dick
inson, yet in the absence of the Governor the major
general is entitled to command by reason of being
next in rank to the commander-in-chief. Seamans
is a brigadier and Dickinson a major general.
General Seamans during pauses in his military
cavorting told the committee that he was authorized
to speak for the Governor. This was the rir-^t official
information of Gage's decision to pay any attention
whatever to the reception of the volunteers. During
the past month volunteers from other States have
been coming home. The people of San Francisco
assembling on the line (if march from the dock to
the Presidio have cheered the gallant soldiers. Dis
tinguished Governors and eminent citizens have jour
neyed half across the continent to welcome the in
coming troops. All this time Gage elected to stnv
away from San Francisco. He was not here to wel
come the visiting Governors. Californians regretted
that the State's reputation for hospitality had been
tarnished by the indifference of the Governor and
sought to find some excuse for his conduct. He pre
ferred the solace of secret intrigue at Catahna with
Dan Burns and other ofT-color politicians. He did
not have the courtesy to acknowledge the invitation
of the executive committee to assist in the welcome
to the California volunteers. He declined to pro
claim a legal holiday in honor of the return of the
troops, putting forward as reason for his refusal ..
desire that business should not be interrupted. His
conduct throughout has been marked by an utter dis
legard of the common civilities of life. To round
oft his career as a "war Governor," he sends out the
pompous Seamans with orders to change all the
plan; rif the celebration in order to exhibit himself
on land and water.
FARMERS AND EXPANSION.
THE best test of American opinion on impe
rialism is not to be found by polling the readers
of a newspaper on either side of the issue. A
paper as an advocate is sure to influence its constant
readers, and ii it call for an expression of judgment
among them a majority will surely be found with it.
Therefore the true way to find out what the people
arc thinking upon any matter of public importance
is by securing an expression from the readers of a
paper that has been non-partisan to the subject of
inquiry. In Massachusetts is published the most
widely circulated organ of the agricultural and hor
ticultural interests in the country. This journal, The
Farm and Home, recently sent out a postal card in
quiry in every section of the country among its sub
scribers, asking them to say whether they favored
independence and self-government for the Filipinos
or their subjection to us by conquest.. The answers
were as follows:
For i For
Independence. Subjection
New England 1,276 785
Middle States , 8,867 • 2 343
Central West 4,901 3^102
Southern States 1,792 I]OS3
. Pacific Coast 1,684 l'lO3
Total 18,520 8,416
The vote stands, then, among the farmers by the
test so per cent more for independence than for con
quest and subjection.
The same paper then took another vote upon the
independence or annexation of Cuba, and it stood
13.199 for independence and only 7362 for annexation.
As in the case of the Philippines, every section gave
a majority for independence.
A third vote was taken on the question, "In gen
eral, should the United States adhere to or depart
from its former policy of non-interference with na
tions beyond either ocean?"
This is the issue of imperialism and anti-imperial
ism flat. The vote by sections. is very admonitory:
, . Adhere. Depart.
New England 1,578 291
Middle States 3,946 1203
Central West 6.179 1^204
The South 2,065 • 817
Pacific Coast 1,856 572
Total... 15,624 4,087
So the vote is four to one against repudiating the
Declaration of Independence and abandoning, the
Monroe Doctrine. ' ; '
The passing applause which has greeted the ora
tors who have called the Declaration of Independence
an "absurdity" and "a damnable lie" is evidently not
expressive of the feelings of the sturdy rural popu
lation of the country. ' ,
The farmers do not believe that the country has
outgrown the constitution, and they evidently think
that when the flag is to be fought for it should repre
sent the principles for which it has stood from the
beginning.
The farmers are a thinking class, not easily ex-
THE SAN FItAlSr CISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 21, 1899.
I
cited by pageantry or lifted oft their solid footing by
the tinselry of military glory. It is worthy of note
that the same and allied classes in Europe, sincere
admirers of our republican institutions, feel the same
way.
An American now traveling abroad writes to a
friend in New York that he talked with gentlemen in
Belfast, Edinburgh, Glasgow and many other places
in the British Isles to find among them a general
tone of regret that we should abandon our traditions
and so deprive the world of our good example, which
has been the inciting cause of all public reform in
Europe for a half century. He found among them
universal denial of our current and flippant claim
I that "trade follows the flag," for it follows only on
j better methods and cheaper production.
THE CONDITION OF CUBA-
IT seems to be assumed that officers of the regular
army are the proper judges of the civil policy of
this Government in the administration of the vari
ous islands upon which we are at present practicing.
The army idea carries invariably the necessity for
prolonged military occupation.
Lieutenant Kennon has recently made a report
! upon Cuba. He dwells at great length upon the re
sponsibility we have assumed for the government of
I that island. One learns from him that we are bound
to stay there until the people are fit to operate a gov
ernment such as has never yet existed among men.
All the people must be first educated, and there must
lie such order that crime and change are practically
[ unknown. To show how far away is this ideal condi
tion, he dwells upon the quality of the population.
I two-thirds negro and 83 per cent illiterate. From all
these facts Lieutenant Kennon instructs the people
of this republic that they owe to the world the duty
of keeping Cuba under the administration of a cap
tain-general and the army.
Will the people happen to remember that this army
officer repeats precisely the statements of the Span
ish army officers and gives the Spanish excuse for
I denying the self-government which the Cubans de
manded? because Spain would not yield to the Cu
| bans we impeached lier government, denied the valid
ity of the very reasons which Kennon now asks us
to accept as the foundation of our own policy, and
expelled her from the West Indies. We are no<v
asked to admit the truth of every Spanish claim
which we went to war to oppose. In a year remark
able for its usurpations, its inconsistencies and its
I dangers and dishonors, this demand of the army is
the most startling and the most unpleasant, since it
: cuts from under our feet the sole and only reason by
which we justified our war with Spain.
It maj' not occur to the army, but it will be re
membered by the people that there were just aa many
negroes in Cuba and the same percentage of illit
eracy when our people rushed into war to deliver
I them from military government and Congress de
| clared them to be free and of right independent. The
conditions of Cuba as to the races, and their morals
and merit-, composing her population have not
changed since the policy of this country was sol
emnly declared by Congress. The people intend to
adhere to that declaration. Congress was fully
aware of the condition of Cuba and needs no in
struction from Mr. Kennon. His report was ordered
by the War Department, and the affair looks as if
the army has concluded to go on and do as it pleases
with Cuba, regardless of Congress and the will of
the people. The design of the report is apparent in
its declaration that 75 per cent of the population
should not be trusted with the ballot. This is to
cloak a design for military restriction oi the ballot
and the permission of the franchise to one-fourth of
the people in order to get a vote for annexation and
set up the lying pretense that it is the wish of the
people. As this scheme develops -it will bear
watching.'
RECEPTION week begins to-day and promises
to be the most joyous festival in the annals of
San Francisco. Certainly the city has never
before been so beautifully adorned as it will be this
week, nor was there ever before so large a number
of people directly and warmly interested in any festal
movement of a public nature as in this one.
Contributions to the fund amounted on Saturday
evening to more than $48,000. That means the sum
asked for by the citizens' executive committee will
be given to the last dollar by a generous and pa
triotic people. The subscription, it is to be noted,
has been in every respect a popular one. There have
been comparatively few donations running up into
the thousands. The bulk of the money has come
in small sums and represents the offerings of the
mass of the people.
Unless some accident to the transport check her
progress or some adverse storm of the sea baffle her
in her course, the volunteers will enter the Golden
Gate about the middle of the week. The announce
ment of her arrival will be the signal for the pent-up
enthusiasm of the people to burst forth, and from
that time on it will flow with a full and roaring
strength until the hearts of all have been satisfied
and our heroic boys have been assured of the honor
in which they are held by their fellow citizens.
San Francisco prepares the welcome and defrays
the cost, but she wiH not be alone in the enjoyment
of it. Large numbers of people will come from the
farthest parts of the State to share in the greeting
to the men who in the far-off Philippines attested
the valor of California and the devotion of her sons
to the cause of the Union.
It is to be regretted that the Governor in his little
ness has not been able to comprehend the magnitude
of the popular fervor in the reception and has refused
to set apart one day of the reception as a public
holiday. Had a holiday been proclaimed the work
ing men and women of the city would have had full
freedom to join in the throngs that will cheer the
volunteers as they parade the streets and share in
the joy that will attend the concerts and illumina
tions that follow.
Since the Governor has refused to provide such
a legal holiday, it is the duty of citizens to make a
holiday for themselves. Certain industries must, of
cchirse, be carried on for public necessity and con
venience, but let all other offices, shops and stores
be closed on the day of the great parade, when the
reception festivities will culminate. It is not yet
I known on what day of the week the parade will fall,
j but as it does not occur until the second day after
the volunteers reach the port, ample time will be
given for all to arrange for it.
At this time all looks well for the success of every
feature of the reception. The decorations of the
streets will not be only profuse but artistic, and will
be the more pleasing because they will be to some ex
tent an expression of the sentiments of the Colorado
volunteers, now in the city, who have volunteere 1
to assist in arranging them. The management of the
military concerts, the fireworks, the feasts, the re
ceptions and all other parts of the festival are in good
hands and have been planned on a noble scale.
We will be ready for the boys when they come.
RECEPTION WEEK-
MINERS' LEGAL TROUBLES,
STATE LAW PROBLEM.
THE RED DOG SUIT.
SUBMARINE MINING
Along with the general new activity in !
the mining Industry in this State has sud
denly appeared a boom in mining law.
The miners of California have a variety
of important legal problems to interest
them and mining lawyers are sitting; up
nights calculating the range and velocity
of constitutions, Federal and State stat
utes and legal opinions, including their
own.
The big question of. whether the State
i mining law of 1897 is or is not in force
jis the chief one. Since the announcement
] in The Call a few days ago that Attorney
i A. H. Ricketts, chairman of the mineral
lands committee of the California Miners'
Association, had discovered a fatal blun
der in the. repealing act of March' 20, 1899,
and that the law remains in force, there
j has been a great deal of inquiry and dis
j cussion all over the State. During the
past week a number* of lawyers have
I formulated opinions on the grave question
i and a number of intelligent mining men
hare expressed lay opinions.
As is understood by those who have
given the matter attention the repealing
act as passed and approved reads: "An
! act to repeal 'an act etc.," is hereby re
| pealed." Had "entitled" been used in
stead of "to repeal." the intention of the
Legislature as expressed correctly in title
would have been accomplished. " As the
act reads it repeals "an act to repeal,"
and there was no such act to be repealed.
The whole question is, Can the court, un
der the rules and laws governing Judicial
construction of statutes, correct the blun
der by eliminating "to repeal" and read
ing "entitled" in its place? Mr. Ricketts'
opinion is that since the language is
clear and definite the court must accept i
the language as it stands, there being no
I ambiguity. Other mining attorneys hold
the same view.
But other lawyers as strongly hold that
the court may so correct the blunder.
i Judge J. M. Walling of Nevada City ha»
I written for the Nevada City Transcript
! a lengthy opinion to that effect. He cites
I numerous cases to support his contention
that "correcting a clear mistake of the
use of a wrong word in a statute is not
an assumption of legislative powers."
j In People vs. King, 23 Cal. 274, the Su
; preme Court substituted "296" for "293 "
I In ex-parte Hedley, 31 Cal. 108, "within"
was substituted for "without." The fol
lowing is another of the opinions of the
week :
Editor Call: In the Issue of The Call of the
12th inst. a lengthy and instructive article ap
peared relating to the act. repealing the min
ing location law of 1897. This article has given
rise to a good deal of speculation and inquiry
as to the present status of the laws of this
State governing the subject. Mr. Ricketts an.l
authorities are quoted to enow the law of 1n97
ifs still in force. I have received an inquiry
as to the effect of the repealing act and have
advised that it repealed the act of 1897. By
reference to the title of the act, chapter CXIII,
page 148, Stats. 1599. It will be seen that the
act of March 27, 1597, was that which the
act repeals, though section 1, of the repealing
act, reads: "An act to repeal." etc., instead
of "An act entitled an act,'-' etc. It was held
in Savings Bank vs. Burns, 104 Cal., 478, that
where the act Is ambiguous and of doubtful
meaning or application, it Is competent to look
to the title of the act and to read it in con
nection with the body of the repealing ail
to determine the intention of the legislative
body, and a similar act was upheld. This
decision of our Supreme Court fellows those
of the United States Supreme Court in Myer
vs. Western Car Co.. 102 U. 9 . 1, and Wilson
; vs. Sp&ulding. 19 Fed. Hep., 304. So that read-
Ing the title and the body of the act together
! It is plain what the legislative intention was,
though crudely expressed, and the conclusion
follows that the act of March 27. 1597, atands
i repealed." K. M. GAL.VI.V
Mr. Ricketts admits Mr. Galvin's argu-
m ent as far as it goes, but holds that in
i this case there Is no ambiguity and doubt-
I ful meaning. Judge Walling does not
I take the title Into account at all. Be-
I sides the raging conflicts of lawyers there
| are many miners who are being, sustained
! by a faith that if the Federal law is com
i plied with substantially and in good faith,
! justice will somehow preserve mining lo
' cations to those who didn't know that a
i State law was also in force. Such faith
! is probably confounded, for if a State law
! is in force and is valid It must be com
plied with. Many cases involving mil
lions have turned on the location and re
cording of claims according to district
rules and regulations. If States and dis
tricts may supplement the Federal re
quirements, as the Federal law distinctly
allows, ignorance of their existence would
appear of no more protection than igno
rance of the Federal law Itself.
When the doctors of the law disagree
so widely we will have to wait and see
what the Supreme Court says about it.
Meantime locators should carefully ob
serve both the Federal and State laws
and the laws of their mining districts if
I there are any. Claims located since the
supposed repeal last spring should be
promptly relocated according to the State
law. which miners all over the State are
busily looking up.
Through his close study of the law in
the past few days Mr. Ricketts has dis
covered something else new, he believes.
i It is that the requirement in the State law
I of $50 worth of work in sixty days is in
! valid anyway. He holds that it is in con
! flict with the Federal law because the
latter allows a locator to hold a claim by
doing $100 worth of work by the end of the
calendar year after the one In which the
location is made. It is the time and not
the assessment that Is Invalid, he holds.
The State may require additional assess
ment work and regulate the manner of re
cording, etc.. but the additional assess
ment work must accompany the , time
specified in the Federal law. If this view
is correct, another trouble will be on hand
1 If the State law is held to be in force.
Besides the State law muddle the'
I miners have the validity of the Camlnetti
law on hand in the injunction suit re
cently brought by the Anti-Debris Asso
ciation, in the name of Sutter County,
against the Red Dog hydraulic mine of
Nevada County. This mine has been
operating behind a restraining dam
built according to specifications approved
by the Federal engineers composing the
California Debris Commission, and in-
I spected and licensed by them. The suit
asks that the mine be enjoined notwith-
I standing the -approval of the California
Debris Commission, and thus the vital
feature of the Caminettl law which puts
exclusive control of hydraulic mining on
the watersheds of the navigable streams
of this State in the hands of the commis
sion, is assailed. If the Red Dog mine
may be enjoined, any other hydraulic
mine may be shut down at the discretion
of a court, and the discretion of the en
; gineers goes for nothing.
As this is a test case, the California
: Miners' Association will defend the suit
j vigorously in the interest of the industry,
and the Red Dog Mining Company has
i resigned control of the defense to the
| association. Last week the committee re
| cently appointed to provide counsel en-
I gaged C. W. Cross, who will direct the
i defense. The suit was recently trans
ferred to the United States Circuit Court
by the Superior. Court of Sutter County,
and has now been remanded to Sutter
County, where It will first be heard. The
litigation promises to be long and hard-
I fought, and the California Miners" Asso-
I ciation will probably spend several
thousand dollars in the defense. Hence It
will need money, and the County Miners'
Associations will be asked at their ap
proaching conventions to contribute
liberal amounts to the fund.
There is another field In which impor
tant legal problems arise. One of the most
interesting questions that ever came up
in the field of mining law is presented for
the first time by the oil operations in the
tide lands and ocean- bed along the south
ern coast of the State. At Summerland
the inclined oil stratum was found to
pitch out under the sea, and wharves were
| built across the strip of tide land and for
j several hundred feet out into the ocean.
From these wharves many wells have
been sunk, and oil is now being pumped
from under the ocean, as is done nowhere
else in the world. This success at Sum
merland has started prospecting for simi
lar oil lines, along the Santa Barbara
shore, and Is talked of elsewhere. Recent
l ly a nocturnal vigilance committee tore
down a derrick on the shore in front of a
i residence suburb, and Shotguns were
talked of. The law of this situation' has
been talked about, but not settled, and the
questions have not yet got into court as
they likely will. , '
' What rights to minerals can be acquired
. ■■■■■■■•.. - ... . . . .
„ I
on the tide lands of the State and in the •
ocean bed? If a rich quartz ledge vas
found to extend out under the ocea-i 1
could be followed there by tunnelir m
a shuft, how could it be approprla^ xna
held? Is the ocean bed for three .lies
seaward the public domain, and r AO a
lode location be made under the Beaerai,
law, and how? In the case of an oil j
formation, like that at Summerland, cou d ;
a placer location be made, a* on land. ,
If a man or company bores an cil well
in the sea, how can he maintain his pos
session if legally or forcibly assailed.
These interesting questions do not ap
pear to have ever arisen before, as mm- :
ing has in the past never been carried on ,
at sea. The problem was recently offered .
to Attorney A. H. Ricketts, who has long
made a specialty of mining law, and he
pronounced it the most interesting ana
novel legal question he had encountered ,
and proceeded to study it. He has reached
some conclusions that will be of general
interest. , , , .1
Ho decides, for one thing, that the bed ,
of the ocean to the three-mile limit is the
property of the State. The Federal mm- ;
ing laws do not apply, as they do not to
the tide lands— the strip of shore between
high and low water mark. The State tea
never in any manner provided for the j
mining use of this State domain, and one
who mines there is technically a tres
passer and mines by sufferance of the j
State, which could eject him. The mm- .
prals belong to the first one who gets them
as long as the State does not assert con
trol. An oil wharf or derrick might be
condemned by a court as a nuisance, pri- :
vate or public. The State mining law, if
not repealed, would not apply, because it
applies to the "public domain of the
United States.' The United States con-!
trols those navigable waters, but not the
sea iH'ttom, and might condemn an in
terference with navigation.
The State is also held to own the beds j
of the navigable streams, the navigation;
of which is controlled by the United
States. Therefore the beds of such ;
streams as the Sacramento and "naviga- i
ble" tributaries cannot be located and hold !
as placer claims, to be worked by wing I
damming or dredging. These and other I
opinions have been expressed In part in
the following, written by Mr. Ricketts for i
The Call:
"The several States are the absolute |
owners of navigable waters and the soils
under the same, within their respective ;
borders, subject to the paramount right |
of navigation, the regulation of which in !
certain respects is granted to the I'nitedi
States. This right of the States to the ;
soils under navigable waters i.s not derived
by grant or patent from the United States,
and if mineral in character are not sub- •
ject to exclusion as mineral lands of the i
public domain, which are reserved in all j
land grants of Congress to the States, j
etc., but was reserved to the thirteen |
original States, which became sovereign ;
when the Revolution took place. The act
of Congress admitting California to the |
Union declares that she is admitted on
equal footing in all respects with the
original States.
"The navigable streams within this
State are public highways, are for the use 1
of the people of the State, and obstruc
tions placed therein impairing the public I
right incident to the use of such waters
are public nuisances which no lapse of !
time <-an legalize. In my opinion the State '
has the sole right to regulate the mining j
of the beds of such streams, as well as
the beds of all other navigable waters I
within its territorial limits, the provisions
of the Untied States mining laws not be-!
ing applicable to mineral deposits found
therein, as the paramount title to the !
beds of such streams and other navigable |
waters has never been in the United ;
States.
"In the absence of am- grant ot per
mission from the State to remove the min
erals from such ground the person doing 1
bo is a trespasser against whom an action 1
in ejectment would lie at the instance of
the State just as well as if the mining 1
was done upon dry land. Such person j
may also be enjoined from the prosecution |
of such work and may be compelled to
respond in damages. But, as against 1
every one but the State, the appropriator !
is the owner of the minerals Be extracts j
from such soils; for, as one law writer !
puts it, 'they are like the fish in the
water, the property of him who takes
them.'
"While there are certain provisions af
fecting the sale of tidelands to be found
in the constitution and laws of this State, j
it may b* stated as a general proposition
that lands on the shore of the ocean be- I
tween high and low-water mark every
where in this State cannot become the
subject of private ownership.
"The boundary of this State (substan
tially like those of Oregon, Washington
and Massachusetts, hut not liko those of
Texas and Alabama, which extend three j
and six leagues, respectively, into navi- 1
gable waters) is extended under its con
stitution Into the Pacific Ocean a dis
tance of three English miles. Over such
waters the United States exercises do
minion for the purposes or protection
from invasion, the regulation of naviga
tion, etc.: and all nations have also a,
common right to use the same for the
gurpose of commerce notwithstanding the
tate's assertion of ownership.
"Subject to such rights a State has the
right to determine the extent of its owner
ship of the soils under "navigable waters,"
including in that term what is com
monly called the 'open sea." Therefore
the lied of the Pacific Ocean for a dis
tance of three English miles along the
shore of this State is within its borders;
and it follows that the title to the same
Is in the State of California.
"The necessary conclusion is that no
person can legally acquire any rights
to mine the same without the consent of
the State, and such concession, if grant
ed, must be made and held subject to
the paramount right of the navigator."
"The maintaining of dredgers in navi
gable rivers of this State, the building
of wharves into the ocean to facilitate
the extraction of petroleum, etc.. and the
erection of derricks thereon is without
warrant of law." says Mr. Ricketts.
Not only could the trespasser be eject
ed by the State, but his wharf would be- j
long to the State. Tho statutes governing ■
the abatement of nuisances apply. One !
who has possession may hold it as against '
other individuals and he may kr>ep the j
minerals !f he can get them, as he may
keep fiah caueht from his wharf. It is
possible that any one might remove one
of these outcast derricks subject to the
laws governing the public peace.
The beds of the rivers of California
are golden and there is a boom in rjolil
dredging. This and other things make
the legal problems raised of practical
importance as well as of theoretical in- I
terest. The legal status of beach mines i
where the sand below high-water mark j
is worked is involved. Many related prnb- I
lems easily occur In following out the i
theories advanced by Mr. Ricketts
Whnt is here given is not, of course I
stated through any desire to discourage I
or unnecessarily trouble any one engaged !
in the promising mining enterprises con- '<
cerned. but as a simple speculative nre- '
sentation of an Interesting situation which I
needs to be understood and which will
likely result in State legislation on the
mining use of State property.
J. O. DENNY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
T>r. B. B. Corey of Fresno Is at the !
Grand.
H. G. Butler of Los Gatos is stopping at
the Occidental.
Dr. H. G. Bayless of Los Angeles arrived I
yesterday and Is at the Grand.
Ernest Kopke. a. wealthy merchant of
Honolulu, Is at the California.
E. C. Voorhies is down from gutter
Creek and is registered at the Palace
Leo J. Pittner. a prominent merchant of
Placerville. is stopping at the California
Ivan H. Parker, editor of the Colfax
wine Lick" am ° nS yesterda >' 8 arrivals
Dr T. H. Mennough. a government scl
rs n at St th a £i e ace frOm AlaSka^terday and
George B. Katzenstein, manager of the I
Earl Fruit Company at Sacramento is !
registered at the Lick. . "'.;-.;
C. G. Terrink' and wife of The Hague
Holland, arrived yesterday and are regis
tered at the Occidental.
Abe Mark of Uklah and H. M. Marks i
of Covello. merchants, among yes
terday's arrivals at the Lick.
A. V. Wilbur, manager of the H. C
Shaw Company of Stockton, the biggest
manufacturers of farming Implements on
the coast, returned to Seockton yesterday
after a week in this city.
J R. Wood of Philadelphia, general
manager of the Pennsylvania lines east
of Pittsburg. is stopping at the Palace.
Mrs C Bilkkie, wife of A. C. Bilickie.
proprietor of the Hollenbeck Hotel. LO3
Angeles, is among the guests at the Oc
cidental.
Dr T H. Menough, the well-known
government scientist, has Just returned
from Kodiak. Alaska. He is registered at
the Palace.
Governor Thomas of Colorado was ten
dered a reception last evening at tl •
cidental Hotel by the First Colorado Vol
unteers' band. The officers of the regi
ment also called upon him to wish him
a pleasant trip when he leaves to-morrow
night for Denver.
Professor A. A*a«sis. M. Agassis and
\ \ Mayer of Cambridge University ar
rived last night and are at the Palace.
The party will leave in a few days 1
Albatross for the Fiji and other South
Sea inlands, where they will study the
coral formations and deep sea life In
tropic waters.
Phil K. Gordan, city passenger agent
of the Southern Pacific Company; I). R.
mis claims agent: Attorney J. W.
Dorsey Ed Keil and Gus Umbsen left
last night for Wells. Nov.. m rout
the headwaters of the Shoshone River for
i heir annual outing. The party will be
joined at Wells by Judge A. A. Sander
son of this city and John Spark?
Andrew Harrel of Reno, and will pr
from there through the Thousand Spr -
Valley to the Salmon River country. In
Idaho. They expect to be gone for the
next two we* ks.
CALIFORNIA'S IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK. Aug. 20.— Henry Peabi"i;
of San Francisco is at the Manhattan. W
Rose of San Francisco is at the Aster
Theodore Friend Jr. of Los Angeles is a
the Hoffman.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES
Russia has set apart 54.5W.000 for tna
construction of a harbor at Alexandrow
ski. in Saghalien, in order to provide the
eastern squadron with its own coal and to
make Port Arthur and Ta-lien-wan inde
pendent of Japanese and English sources.
The Vulcan Engineering and Ship
building Works at Stettin. Germany, is
rapidly coming to the front as one of
the principal naval yards. It was found
ed in 1552. with a capital stock of $750. 000.
which has been increased to $2,000,000. A
heavy reserve fund is kept, and the cap
ital stock does not in reality Indicate the
progress of the concern. The plant was
valued at $47fi.000 in 1867, and its value
now is $4,500,000. The Vulcan works
have built 247 vessels since 1852. of which
61 were naval, and it has now on the
stocks two war vessels of 1fi.350 tons and
36.000 horsepower, and six merchant
steamers of 7».0OO tons and 74.000 horse
power. The works employ about 6000
men.
The docking facilities of the British
navy are far superior to those of any
naval power. The Government owns
forty-one drydocks in Its six naval sta
tions at home, four at Malta and three
under construction at Gibraltar, making
a total of forty-eight in European wa
ters. It also owns sixteen docks In Its
possessions abroad, namely: three In
North America, one at Bermuda, three
in Australia and nine In the East Indies.
The recent naval estimates provide for
one large dock at Chatham, two at Malta
of 790 and 530 fc-et length, one at Timons
Bay 750 feet In length, a smaller dock
at Hongkong and a 550-foot floating
dock at Bermuda. These new docks will
probably be completed within two years,
and Great Britain will then have seventy
drydocks reserved exclusively for naval
vessels. The number of Government
docks in the United States is only ten
actually built and four in course of con
struction, to be completed within two
years. Three of those already built are
useless at present owing to defect? in
construction, and only two docks are of
sufficient size to take in any of the
large battleships.
During the recent British naval ma
r.puvers twenty-four vessels of one of
the fleets were tested as to their speed,
on which the admiral could rely upon
during the forthcoming operations. The
sea was calm, and the ships steamed un
der three-fifths power, with results as
shown in the appended table. To facili
tate comparison between trial speed and
speed under three-fifths power, it must
be explained that the first is under full
power, and that a reduction of two
thirds power causes a diminuition of
speed in the vessels named of about one
knot:
It seems evident from the foregoing
speed figures that none of the battleships
would come within a knot and a half
of their trial speed if tried under full
power. The new cruisers came up fairly
to the mark, but those built prior to IS?S
appear very deficient, and all except the
Sybllle and Terpsichore are decidedly
slow, while the Thames, Aeolus, Mersey
and Arethusa are failures. One of the
causes for this falling off in speed is the
fact that the ships were under service
conditions, with bunkers full and draw
ing a couple of feet more than when th«y
passed through their acceptance trials.
Cal. (place fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's. «
»♦ » —
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by iha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Moc
eorutry street. Telephone Main liM2. »•
_ . «. .
Flags, shields, garlands, Japanese lant
erns, bunting, red, white and blue tissue
paper, patriotic, pictures and all kinds of
decorations for sale cheap at Sanborn &
Vail's, 741 Market street. •
A textbook on railroads by Professor
Hadley, the new president of Yale tfni
versity, has been translated into Russian
by order of the Czar, and is now used as
a regular textbook for required study in
the Russian universities.
Very Low Bates East
On August 29 and 30. the popular Santa Fa
routo will sell tickets to Philadelphia and re
turn at the very low rate of *8S 85. Occa
sion, National Encampment, G. A. R. Call ac
628 Market St. for full particulars.
'■■^■':':.' ■■ ■ — m ■ ' . '■'
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Synip"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, aoftens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wln»low"s Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle.
. ♦ «
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantags
of the round trop tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, }2 60 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street. Ban Franclsoo.PERISHED
IN KOTZEBUE
DISTRICT
List of Dead Furnished by
W. A. Hayne of Santa
Barbara.
DISCOURAGING NEWS
A Party Whioh Left Hotham Inlet
for Cape Nome Is Reported
by Indians as Lost.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 20.— Ex-
Supervisor W. Alston Hayne, who, with
a party of Santa Barbara people, has
been in the Kotzebue Sound region all
"winter, has written very discouraging
news home. The letter received to-day
•was dated July 21, on the Arctic circle,
and 500 miles Inland from Kotzebue
Sound. He has completed a list of the
miners who entered Kotzebue Sound
and perished there. The following is a
correct list:
J. L. ONDERDUNK, last residence
Portland. Or., died at Spring Gulch
from overwork.
K. C. MEAD, Sumner, Wash., 64.
JESSE LUE, blaok leg.
CHARLES A. LEONARD, Cleveland,
0., 40, Stony Camp; heart failure.
SABIX HARRIS, Oakland, CaL, 79,
Reiily Camp; black leg.
T. T. rKUSLER, San Francisco, 60,
Nugget Creek; dropsy.
F. SNYDER, Seattle, 35, Reed River;
spinal meningitis.
<•. K. HAY, Lawrence, Kas., 36,
Ambler City; scurvy.
H. GR<>SS, Kansas City, 50, Ambler
City; scurvy.
G. K. MILLER, lowa, 45, Millers
Pass; drowned.
A. C. BREED, Buffalo, N. V., 70, Pick
River; black leg.
J. J. ML'RRAT, Los Angeles, 55, Kogo
luktuk River; .scurvy.
M, NELSON, Hammond, Ind., 45,
Monolook River; black leg.
J. BERCHEY, Lecome, Wash., Ko
buk River; black leg.
J. CHKANDER, Healdsburg. Cal., 67,
Kutzebue Camp.
X. P. BROWN, Kansas, 63, Monolook
River; black leg.
CAPTAIN C. SMITH, Blakeley,
Wash., Salawik River; scurvy.
K< 'BERT BECKER, San Francisco
55, Pick River; suicide.
F. KUDDER, Bay City, Mich., Sala
wik River; .scurvy.
F. JOHNSON, Blakeley. Wash., Sala
wik River; scurvy.
D. McCALL, Velit, Wis., Salawik
River; scurvy.
J. MESSING, San Jose, Cal., 45,
steamer Agnes Boyd, heart failure.
PICKERING "BROTHERS. Prince
ton. Ky.. Salawik River; murdered.
\V. L. SIMPSON, McDermot, Nev.,
80, Munclook River; scurvy.
C. BENJAMINSON, Grand Harbor,
N- J'.. 50, Rf-i-d River; scurvy.
GEORGE McCOT, .Montana, Noatak
River; missing.
CHARLES DKADTRICK. Spearflsh,
£. D., Salawik River; missing.
FRANK ROBINSON, Utah, 55, Noa
tak River; scurvy.
.Ml:. TREISITE, California, 40, Noa
tak River; scurvy.
&>. H. DOBINS, South America, Noa
tak River; scurvy.
JOE STEARN, Butte City, Mont.,
N>atak River, scurvy.
A. M. FARBILL. Texas, 45, Hotham
Inlet (mission); scurvy.
MR. MARTIS, Santa Rosa, Cal., 45,
Noatak River; missing.
F. HOWARD. Fall River, Mass.,
Hotham Inlet; drowned.
J. HOWARD. Fall River, Mass.,
ll.>tham Inlet; drowned.
J. GRAHAM, Fall River, Mass.,
H'-tham Inlet; drowned.
S. WILLMOTH, Fall River, Mass.,
Hutham Inlet; drowned.
,7<>HX MoItRIS. London, England,
Escholtz J-;ay; drowned.
UNKNOWN, Hotham Inlet; drowned.
J. FREEMAN, Seattle, Wash.,
Esi holtx Ray; accidentally shot.
PETER NELSON. Fairhaven, Wash.,
-aiawik River; scurvy.
MR. BENZ, Bay City, Mich., 57, Ko
goluktuk River; scurvy.
L. J. BERNHARDT, Seattle, Wash.,.
46. Escholtz Bay; drowned.
MARTINO BORALLY, Italy, 39, Ho
tham Inlet (mission); Bcurvy.
S. F. MTLLE'i. San Francisco,
Kotzebue Camp (Konoker); drowned .
This list does not include thirty-six
■who were drowned when the Jane Gray
was lost. Neither does it include the
last reported deaths from drowning of
the men who left Hotham Inlr-t fur
Cape Nome. The Indians have reported
the boats lost and the men drowned.
Robert Beckpr, F. Kudder, F. John
son, D. McCall and Captain Smith,
mentioned in the list, were on steam
schooner No. 1.
The two Pickering brothers are said
to have been shot by . Indians, whom
they ill-treated.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Bradish, of Detroit, Wrote
Mrs. Pinkham and Tells the Result.
[LETTER TO MRS. riNKHAM NO. 82,310]
" About two years ago I began to run
down and soon became almost a wreck.
I lost my appetite and began to lose
flesh ; my blood was impoverished and
I had to leave our store.
" The doctors gave me a little tonic,
but I steadily grew worse and consulted
another doctor. He helped me in some
ways, but my headaches continued, and
I began to have night sweats and my
rest %vas so disturbed that I would have
hysteria and would cry and worry over
business matters and my poor health.
"Finally, husband took me South, but
with no benefit. This was a j'ear ago ;
no one can ever know what a winter of
misery I spent. Would bloat after
eating and was troubled with palpita-
tion of heart and whites. ITaving read
by happy chance of your medicine, I
bought it and wrote for your advice,
and before having finished the first
bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, the h ysterics nearly stopped j
and I slept soundly.
"I used seven or eight bottles with ;
such benefit that I am as healthy as I i
can ever remember of being. I shall
never cease to sound your praises." — I
Mr.s. E. M. Brabish, 179 Dix Aye.,
Detroit, Mich.
Mrs. Pinkham's advice is at the free
disposal of every ailing woman who
wishes hcjp. Her address is Lynn, Mas*.
Every case is sacredly confidential.
NAVAJO INDIANS KILL
AND SCALP A WHITE
Troops Ordered Out to Quell an Arizona
Uprising Caused by a Gambler's
Cheating.
"WINSLOW, Ariz., Aug. 20. — Two hundred Indiana In Foreman
Minks' grading gang at Navajo Springs, Ariz., seventy-five miles
east of here, are threatening to exterminate all the whites In that
section. They were paid off on the 15th and proceeded to gamble and
drink heavily. A gambler named C. H. Landreth cheated them, and
when they remonstrated he assaulted one, shooting and stabbing him
seriously. The tribe armed themselves with all the weapons In the
camp, shot the gambler seven times, scalped him and mutilated his
body beyond recognition.
Troops from Fort Wingate will be on the scene by to-morrow. Seri
ous trouble cannot be averted, as the Indians are plentifully supplied
with whisky from some source, and vow vengeance on all the whites.
The camp is deserted. Campfires can be seen on the hills for miles
around. Delegations of Indians from the Fort Defiance Indian Agency
are on their way to Navajo Springs. C. N. Cotton, the Indian trader,
is expected soon to assist In bringing about a peaceful settlement.
Deputy Sheriff J. B. Stockwell of Navajo County has surrounded the
station with deputies to prevent another attack until the troops from
Fort Wingate arrive. A supply of arms goes to Navajo Springs from
Winslow to-night. The troops from Fort Wingate bring provisions and
ammunition for a forced march Into the enemy's camp at once.
With the reinforcements from other agencies the Indian force will be
over five hundred and most of the men are armed. Ammunition is
plentiful, and being well supplied with money at this time, It will be no
trouble for the Indians to withstand a long siege in their stronghold In
the mountains north and east of Navajo Springs. Water is hard to get
and pursuit into their encampment will be attended by great hardships
and privatic-ns. It has not yet been determined where the troops will
start first, as the Indians are well prepared to resist any moderate force.
Important developments will no doubt transpire when the troops arrive
one the scene of action.
Landreth has a mother at Prescott and a brother at Flagstaff.
JIMINEZ GOES
TO MANZAHILLO
But Recently Released
From Arrest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA. Aug. 20.— General Juanu Isl
dro Jiminez, the aspirant to the Presi
dency of San Domingo, left Cienfuegos
this morning on board the Polaria, bound
for Manzanillo and Santiago de Cuba.
After his release he remained at the
Union Hotel until he left the city. He com
plained bitterly to his friendsof the arrest.
It is rumored in Cienfuegos that a yacht
will meet him at Manzanillo. Before
leaving he said to the correspondent of
the Associated Press:
"My mission is perfectly peaceful. I am
unarmed and am going home in answer
• GENERAL ISIDRO JIMINEZ. ♦
k.,- ; '■ — ."■'•■ . ■■■■-':'"-'- . . £•
The Instigator of the revolution i
' In San Domingo, was arrested *
*, at Cienfuegos, Cuba, by the United <
' States authorities. *
► . 4
to my country"s call to take peaceful pos
-" ssion of the Presidency. It was no more
lawful to arrest me than it would be to
arrest Mr. McKinley when, after his elec
tion, he was going from Canton to ». ash
ington.
"I am not a soldier taking an expedi
tion with me Nothing of that sort is
necessary. My appearance in the island
will be the signal fur peace and good gov
ernment. An enthusiastic welcome will
1..- accorded me by 90 per cent of the
population of San Domingo, rich and poor,
women and children, desiring my arrival.
I have absolute assurance that the Act
ing President will co-operate with me as
soon as he sees what the public desires.
I cannot understand the action of the
United States toward me. Many of my
best friends are Americans and my policy
when President will be to establish the
closest relations between the two Govern
ments."
CAPE HAYTIEN, Haytl, Aug. 20.— A
telegram from insurgent leaders Vasquez,
''areres and Brache reports that the up
rising has been received with great en
thusiasm In Demacoris and San Fernan
dino.
TRIAL CONDUCTED
OVER A TELEPHONE
, Railroad Fireman Convicted by Wire
of Having Violated Fish
ing Laws.
EVAXSVILLE, Ind.. Aug. 20.— A
i trial, conviction and fine by long-dis
j tance telephone were recorded in
j Evansville last evening. Edward Ruf
! fler, a fireman on the Evansville and
Terre Haute Railway, had been wanted
for violating the fishing laws of In
| diana since last April, when he was
! caught seining the waters near Prince
ton.
Yesterday Deputy Fish Commissioner
Earle quietly slipped into this city,
placed Ruffler under arrest and was
about to carry him back to Princeton
when Ruffler protested, sayinrr: "Why.
I can't go to^Princeton. I am a rail
road man and can't get away. I'll lose
my job." The deputy thought for a
moment and suddenly said he would
have Ruffler tried by . telephone. A
long-distance telephc-ne was then re
sorted to and the Princeton Justice of
the Peace called up. Ruffler pleaded
guilty and the Justice announced that
he should pay a fine of $5 and costs in
the case. The money was delivered to
Deputy Earle ano" Ruffler was given
his freedom. He then hurried to the
depot to catch his train.
Witness Goes Mad.
WOODLAND. Aug. 20. — Miss Cora
I Brown of Gulnda was lodged in the Coun
j ty Jail to-day on a charge of Insanity.
Miss Brown has been In the employ of
C. J. Eaton a« housekeeper. R. A. Todd
| swore to a complaint charging Eaton with
an assault upon him with a d<adlv wea
pon, and at the preliminary examination
a few days ago Miss Brown was one ot
the principal witnesses. She became a
raving maniac immediately after leaving
the courtroom.
■ ♦ «
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mlulon. Bait
water direct from the ocean, *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 21. 1899.
DRIVING YAQUIS TO
THE MOUNTAINS
Latest Move of General
Torres.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BACATET, Mexico, Aug. 18 (via Po
toma, Mexico, Aug. 20).— The situation
along the Yaqui River from Medano to
Torrin has now reached its most crit
ical period. The Indians have com
menced their passage to the Pitaya and
Bacatet. The main body of the warriors
are reported to be in the vicinity south
of Bacum, while the remainder of them
are scattered through the woods as far
down the river as Medano in small
bands numbering from four to fifty.
The inhabitants keep themselves close
■within the town limits and especially
the peaceable Yaqui element. A small
band of renegades approached the river
bank opposite Potam yesterday after
noon and made an effort to drive off
some mules, but were discovered and
retreated. General Torres' entire field
command is now at Chumampaco, four
miles above Torrin.
The general's next move will be to
send out an advance column to a favor
ite watering place of the Yaquis. Other
detachments which will follow are in
tended to form a line across the four
miles of woods along the river. An ad
vance will then be made down the val
ley almost to the sea, with the purpose
of clearing the valley of the enemy. It
is the opinion of many who know the
Yaquis well that this removal of the
scene of hostilities to the mountains
will be more advantageous to the In
dians than to the troops.
A detachment of the Seventeenth
Regiment under Captain Morales leaves
Potam this morning for Chumampaco,
and 100 men of the Eleventh will start
in the morning for the same destina
tion. The total number of soldiers now
on the Yaqui River is 3500. About 1200
of these are in the field and the rest
stationed at different points along the
river doing garrison and other duties.
The Don Lorrenza, a small steamer
plying between Potam and General
Torres' camp, was attacked by the
Yaquis Tuesday, but got away with one
killed. Captain McDonald, a Scotch
man, well known in El Paso, was
wounded in the shoulder during the
skirmish. General Torres is so far re
covered from the wound in his thigh
that he expects to take the field again
within ten days.
One hundred volunteers have been
organized in Hermosillo and will leave
for the front via Batamotal.
The soldiers of the Seventeenth ar
rived in Potam on their march to join
General Torres, whose command left
the lower river yesterday from Torrin,
and they will be given three days for
a much-needed rest. They are footsore
and sick and bordering on the condition
of being entirely unfit for duty.
It has been found the machine guns,
of which so much was expected, are a
complete failure in the flat jungle river
country, as the Indians usually fight
in small bands when they enter the
mountains. The guns are expected to
be of little service there also. In the
last engagement the troops fought with
a Colt's automatic gun, which was
brought into action, but was broken by
untrained hands before it was felt by
the enemy.
THIRTY INJURED.
Terrible Results of a Collision Be
tween Trolley Cars.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 20.-A head-on
collision between two trolley cars occur
red to-day on the Norristown and Chest
nut Hill and Roxborough Railway, in Ply
mouth Township. Thirty persons were
Injured. The following are believed to be
fatally hurt:
John Parsons. Philadelphia, internal in
juries and several ribs broken; William
Hartstine, "West Point, Pa., internal In
juries and ribs broken; Mrs. Bridget Nu
nan, seriously injured about the body.
Others badly hurt, but not fatally in
jured are:
Mrs. Julia Moeslin, Norristown, and
Miss Alice McGuigan. Philadelphia.
The railway is a single track road with
switches. The passengers of the south
bound car assert that the motorman fail
ed to wait at the switch for the arrival
of the car going north and the accident
resulted.
TRIPLE EXECUTION OF
DAWSON MURDERERS
SEATTLE, Aug. 20.— Passengers of the steamer City of Topeka,
which arrived to-night from Skaguay, Alaska, bring news of the first
legal execution in the Klondike. A triple hanging occurred at Dawson
on August 4. The men hanged were two Indians— Dawson Nantuck
and Jim Nantuck— and one white man, Edward Henderson.
Henderson was convicted of having murdered his partner, named
Peterson, on the trail near Marsh Lake in September, 1897. The Indians
were convicted of the murder of William Mahan and the injuring of his
partner. James Fox, on the McClintock River in May, 1838. There were
originally four Indians implicated in the murder of Mahan, but two of
them died in jail at Dawson last fall.
The execution was private and passed off without special incident.
ROMANTIC TALE
OF THE WEST
A Wealthy Cattleman
Wins a Bride.
MRS. BUDD OF THIS STATE
SHE WILL SHORTLY WED JOHN
L CLARE OF TEXAS.
The Lady Is Well Known In Califor
nia, Being the Owner of Exten
sive Orange Groves and
Very Wealthy.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 20.— John
I. Clare of Texas, one of the great cat
tle kings of the West, and Mrs. B. G.
Budd, a California woman with a mil
lion or more in her own right, are to
be married at the Baltimore Hotel here
September 5, and thereby hangs a ro
mantic tale. Two years ago Clare was
attending the big convention of stock
men in San Antonio. Among the spec
tators v. as a fine-looking woman. She
was Mrs. Budd of Riverside, Cal., own
er of vast oranffe groves and inheritor
of a fortune left her by her father, a
Frenchman of noble birth, who came
to this country many years ago and
purchased estates in Virginia, whence
he moved later to New Orleans. When
the cattle king arose to make a speech
in the San Antonio convention the
black eyes of Mrs. Budd met his, and
that was the beginning of the end.
It was a case of love at first sight.
They met and saw each other many
times after that. The orange groves
were sold and six months ago Mrs.
Budd came to Kansas City to prepare
for the wedding. Meanwhile she
startled people by the magnificent cos- j
fumes she wore at the theater and else
where. And she startled the managers
of one of the largest dry-goods estab
lishments in town by making purchases
amounting to several thousand dollars
and paying for them in cash. Her
wedding gown alone cost more than j
$1000. The heavy cream satin is cov
ered with yards and yards of real lace
that cost $35 a yard, and strings of
real pearls.
The wedding will be a most magnifl- i
cent one. It will outdo the recent
Flood-Fritz affair, if carried out as
planned. Clarissa Hess will be the j
maid of honor. After the wedding the j
couple will leave for a tour of the
West, and then return to Kansas City
to live.
SERIOUS RUNAWAYS
IN MARIN COUNTY
W. B. Larzelere and Wife Injured
and Charley de Young's Filly
Badly Cut.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 20.— While rid
ing In company with his wife to-day
W. R. Larzelere. the San Francisco
commission merchant, met with an ac
cident that might have resulted fatally
had it not been for the bravery of
Joseph Kelly and Joseph Hermann. As
it was, both Larzelere and his wife were
badly bruised by being thrown out of
their vehicle onto a concrete pave
ment.
The runaway was caused by Larze
lere trying to cross the broad-gauge
track near the depot in front of a mov
ing train. The horses took fright and
dashed into the side of Kelly's stable.
Both horses were knocked dowij by the
impact with the brick wall and one
was injured so badly it will probably
have to be shot. Mrs. Larzelere was
thrown over the dashboard between the
two horses and was rescued by Kelly,
who was badly lamed, one of the horses
kicking him on the right leg. Larze
lere, who was stunned by his fall, was
gotten out of harm's way by Hermann
and the frightened horse that remained
uninjured broueht under control. The
vehicle was completely wrecked.
Runaways have been common in
Marln County lately. Last night a
stable boy took the sorrel filly Sweet
heart, on which Charley de Young has
won several paper chases, out of M. H.
de Young's stable, and hitching her to
a buggy, crowded three companions
into the vehicle and went to Larkspur.
There the company became intoxicated
and on their return home were thrown
out by the filly running away. She ran
into a barbed-wire fence and sustained
several cuts on the legs and breast,
which were dressed by Dr. Masero. It
was rumored that the valuable animal
was so badly injured that she would
have to be killed, but Mr. de Young as
serts that the injuries are not serious.
The owner was in Belvedere at the time
of the accident and was considerably
surprised at the filly being taken out of
the stable. Investigation showed that
it occurred white the coachman was
absent.
SPECIAL TRAIN FOR
NEBRASKA TROOPS
Thirty - Five Thousand Dollars Is
Raised to Carry the Gallant
Regiment Home.
OMAHA, Aug. 20.— The First Nebraska
Volunteers, which reached San Francisco
from Manila three weeks ago, will be
brought home on a special train at the
State's expense. Twelve thousand dollars
has been raised by the newspapers of the
State. D. E. Thompson, a prominent citi
zen of Lincoln, has loaned the Governor
Jlio.noo and to-day Edward Cudahy, the
South Omaha packer, tendered the State
Executive $3000 to make up the sum of
$35,000 required for the purpose. The
matter has been hanging fire for sever*!
days and it was feared the boys would
have to pay their own way home, but
through the persistent efforts of Governor
Poynter, the sum has boen raised and
the gallant First Regiment will soon be
on its way to Nebraska. Shortly after its
return the regiment will be given a State
reception at Lincoln. Company. L of
Omaha will be received here in a fitting
manner, a large sum having been raised
for the purpose. Each, of the other com
paniea will be given a royal welcome in
its home town.
SERIOUS CRIME CHARGED.
William G. Thomas of Oakland Ar
rested at Grass Valley.
GRASS VALLEY, Aug. iO.-Wllllam G.
Thomas, son of Ruben Thomas, was ar
rested early this morning by Officers Hur
ley and Peterson, charged with an as
sault, alleged to have been committed on
Ella, the 14-year-old daughter of Mrs. C.
H. Mill. The girl, who is a frail child for
her years, said to the Judge that Thomas
threatened to kill her if she ever informed
upon him, and that a young girl friend of
hers was also a victim of Thomas, giving
the name of the girl Upon failure to pro
cure bonds, Thomas was locked up.
Thomas is a married man. his wife and
family residing in Oakland.
♦
Killed by a train.
CHICAGO, Aug. 20.— James P. Young, a
private in Company D, Third Infantry
Volunteers, was killed by a freight train
at Evanston to-day while on his way to
Fort Sheridan to report after a day's ab
sence. Young was but recently enlisted
for service in the Philippines. He lives at
Mechanicsburg, 111., and was a member of
the One Hundred and Fifty-eighth Indi
ana Regiment during the Spanish war.
Arions Leave Raymond.
RAYMOND, Aug. 20.— The Arions left
here to-night by a special train. The par
ty will arrive in Sun Francisco about 6
o'clock to-morrow morning.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LUXURY
\/S.
DRUDGERY!
WHAT WILL THE VERDICT BE?
Your are the jury. To you we present
the facts. Weigh well the evidence, for
on your decision rests perhaps the future
of the dear ones you leave behind.
SELF DENIAL AND SAYING
Can never make you rich. Fortunes axe
not made in that way. Speculation alone
accumulates great wealth. If you hope
for the comfort and ease that freedom
from financial worries bring,
SPECULATE !
BUT SPECULATE WISELY.
Carnegie, Rockefeller and other million-
aires made fortunes in oil. California pre-
sents the same opportunity TO YOU. Oil
Stocks that are now selling for a few dol-
lars will bring hundreds and in some in-
stances thousands. A few shares pur-
chased NOW may change your whole fu-
ture. Send for our free prospectus and
hear our story.
UNION CONSOLIDATED OIL AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
322-323 Parrott Building, San Francisco.
CANCER
iflffir^&^^^te 1^ anil TUMORS
iSr cured. No knife
fi3r or pain. No
HB \rtsS pay until cured.
Jsf Sj.-^L I will deposit
M 'steers .**----*. -§"V^ * 1000 in an}
i !&ss&fc oFz%!**- *\*tsr bank to guar ;
! ■ -PiKSSS*' i^SStfts*.-- vV3fc>' antee a cure of
«#*|§ -^WTSfe- M"% any external
\~^ "~'j *-2™ •%'! cancer without
•"' / -M i| any danger.
'■ A /**'/ Twenty - eight
/&wz.v\,. '«/ years' experi-
jaJfisHZTi s / ''■'•■ •' Lady at-
i VTflfiPmVl ff'i 1 tt-ndant in of-
\ 'IW^J. / nee. One thou-
\ -.^<r // sand cancers in
\ >/ 1 \ alcohol. The
_^fry t'W'!'^ '/L • P° or cured free.
«*V\fe;\ V*- ■**, \Tfs\^*\ V*^%j common places
'WSw\ •" uUii \ Mv > M ' i\% of the whole
wwvwftVTOA " \ V* -^ human body for
1 cancers. ANY ],UMP IN A WOMAN'S
\ BREAST IS CANCER. They always poison
the glands In the armpit. When cancer in
the armpit gets large cure is impossible.
BOOK. SENT f=REE
With addresses and testimonials of thousands
I have cured in California.
i S. R. CHAMLEY, M.D., 25 Third St., S F.
LITTLE PALACE SANITARIUM.
IC^Send this to some one with cancer.
A GENUINE REDUCTION SALE!
mgm On account of ' -vms
[ JwJ closed up my Sacra-
g k>» mento branch store I
\~l offer to my patrons an'!
.ffiwSb, the public In general
HJB^Hb $',000 worth of woolens.
BSf£33/h which I wish to turn into
, S^^mtjk cash before my fall and
i JQ ! &8&«^q winter stock comes In.
ggr < ig&(&f See prices In the window.
I|f JOE POHEIM,
la« THE TAILOR.
*?«?? 201-203 Montgomery st.
Him 1110-1112 Market St..
jj'jl H San Francisco.
it w 1011 Washington st.,
JJ 1 ' Oakland.
%^?^ k - 143 South Spring St.,
v Jt^ Los Angeles, Cal. ! T
They Ease
the Eyes.
Oculists' glasses always do that. When made
by us they also ease' the nose and bring lasting
comfort. New clip — firm, easy grip— so cents.
Photo developing, printing, enlarging.
BIG PLANT. SKILLED PEOPLE.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
opticians^^;/;;"^;
V,n »« rHOTO^ SCIENTIFIC \
642 Market St. instruments
UM6IR C«ONlCi.t Bi'»ißimi.
000000000000000000
§«« PALACE **?%
%GRAND hotels o
c ■ SAN FRANCISCO. i?
** Connected by a covered passageway. ™
® 1400 Room?— 900 wi h Bath Attached. O
O All Under One Management. O
O MOTE THE PRICE?: O
O European Plan. Bl. OO per day and upward O
O American Plan. $3.00 per day and upward T
*» Correspondence Solicited. ©
: O JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICK Ktn&gtr. O
QOOOOOOOOOOO O O O
Jkm^m^ RUPTURE.
Bfe,.\. (V^> Ta^BUSE NO MORE IRON
tfS9m!3&&*ff&sS!^F Hoops or Steal Spring*.
B-^^gjKMjl- • " Rupture retained with »m«
M***]SeSS? an<J comfort, and thousand* radl-
■ nmr : cally CURED by dr. pierce- a
% /M X Magnetic Elastic Truss. E7CalI at
i ifcisip office or writ* for New . Pamphlet
No. L
MAONBTIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
«20 Market rt.. opP. Palace Hotel, San f'ra&claeo
MPRVIT A WKtt% vi taut*
IMCn.V tit* LOST VIGOR,
J^E^, — AND MANHOOD
™SwJw~Y' Curd Impotency Night Emission* and wasting
«lv&9 V diseases, all effects of seli-abuse. or excess and
Yjl indiscretion, A nerve'tonic and blood-builder.
t vi W Brine* the pink glow to pilt iieeks and re/
i It. R-W- J stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
, PA^-wl. box ' 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
*H,l^Ns(f y> guarantee to cure or refund the money.
(kroita medical Co., £Hnten tt Jackson sts., Cbiafl3.
E. I* Baldwin & Co., Druggists, 8 Market, S.F.
jdf!!Ey OEWEY,STRONG &Co>gS,
% i)
\Sal^33o market sfs^SS^
Radway's
■■■:. PiUcs -•• '
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
' rerfe digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. • * •
For the cure of all disorders ol the Stomach,
i Liver, Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities, Rick Headache. Biliousness, Con-
stipation. Pl>ea and all derangements of the
1 Internal. Viscera. Sso a box. At Drurgists.
i or by mall. RADWAT & CO.. New York-'
'.__•'■. ADVEBTISEMEUTS. J -:---- : --.--^---------/^-.-.-^-.
•••^••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••^••••ft
• < o
•.-' ' — 9
9 1 1 [I 9
I IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT! I
5 BLACK AND COLORED |
jS f DR'dSS GOODS. |
! • On Monday, August 21, lnst., we will place on sale for on* 0
I 9 ' week the undermentioned goods, which we unhesitatingly recom- 0
{ £ . mend to our patrons as positive bargains at the prices quoted. £
I 9 — — — • A
! # ALL-y/OOL SCOTCH FLANNEL. Q
9 «C inches wide 15 cents per yard. £
• SAXONY MIXTURES IN RAW SILK AND WOOL. O
9 :C inches wide 15 cents per yard ' Q
% AMERICAN NOVELTIES. 9
Q Bourette and Shaded Effects— 0
0 3$ Inches wide 35 cent* per yard . £
9 ALL-WOOL FRENCH CHECKS. 9
£ In black and white, navy and white, •to.— " 0
0 36 inches wide 37 1-2 cents per yard 0
• ENGLISH COVERT SUITING. , .. •
9 Warranted shrunk- ;-. - -J #
0 50 Inches wide 40 cents per yard - 0
• SPECIAL- ... •
• ZIBELINE CAMELS' HAIR AND NOVELTY PLAIDS. ®
• The very latest 60 cants per yard *f
£ ENGLISH VENETIANS. 5
• M Inches wide, all w001.. 51 and 91.50 per yd »
9 ■■ v
• N. B.— REMNANTS AND SUIT LENGTHS AT 9
9 GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. 9
$ BLACK ENGLISH STORM SERGE. mt
2 47 Inches wide all wool, In two different wales, at 6Oc per yd £
o — •
• {/[/ Murphy Building:, Jf •
% Market and Jones Streets. "; |
• v '1 I
AMUSEMENTS. _ •«
"CHUTE^AND^OOT
SPECIAL, !
TO-MORROW (Tuesday) NIGHT.
THE AMUSEMENT EVENT OF THE YEAR.
MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION OF rBANCIS POWERS' CHINESE TRAGEDY.
The FIRST BORN
FOR. THE BENEFIT OF THE
RECEPTION FUND
FOR THE RETURNING VOLUNTEERS.
Wonderful Juvenile Cast ■ ■ • - Original Scenery •;••,■• Original Music.
BY COURTESY OP THE ALCAZAR, in conjunction with a BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
DO NOT DELAY, BUT PHONE FOR StiATS, STEIN ER 1851.
COLUMBIAN-
COMMENCING TO-NIGHT.
CLAY CLEMENT
In His Successful Romantic Comedy,
"A SOUTHERN
GENTLEMAN"
; Supported by A COMPANY OF EXCEPTION-
' AL EXCELLENCE.
A Beautiful and Artistic Production.
Next Week— "THOEW DOMINION."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— AND HAVE A GOOD LAUGH.
ANOTHER IMPORTANT ENGAGEMENT.
First Time in San Francisco.
WARDE & SACKETT'S COMEDIANS.
Presenting the Latest Farce Success From
Hoyfs Theater.
A: "A LAUGHTER CYCLONE." :
: —Detroit Free Press. \
BACHELOR'S
HONEYMOON. i
Hilariously Entertaining. Extravagantly Funny !
Reserved Seats— 2sc, 50c. 75c and $1.
Matinee Saturday— 50c and 750,
HALL AND STALEY,
FREEZE BROTHERS,
McMAHON AND KINO,
THE CARDOWNIES,
CARON AND HERBERT,
MANSFIELD AND WILBUR,
ESMERALDA,
ALEXANDRA DACMAR,
AMERICAN BIOORAFH.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats, 50c.
Matinees, Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA SEASON!
TO-NIGHT J TO-NIGHT!
EVERY EVENING, SATURDAY MATINEE.
THE GREAT DOUBLE BILL.!
"Cavalleria Rusticana"
"I PAGLIACCI."
AH the Famous Artists In the Cast!
NOTHING SO GRAND IN YEARS!
YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO MISS THIS!
:-'-■" .The chance does not often occur!
SUPERB ORCHESTRA AND CHORUS!
Brilliant Scenery and Costumes.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
- Telephone for seats. Bush 9.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
THIS EVENING,
Beautiful and Costly Production of Yon Suppe'i
Delightful Opera,
CLOVER,
\ Or COUNT RUDOLPH'S TALISMAN.
I PRICES:
Orchestra ..85c «nd 50c Family Circle ISc
Dress Circle 25c | Gallery 10c
At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat. 25c
Branch Ticket Office— Main Entrance Em-
porium.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
CHUTES ZOO!
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
BOYLE and LEWIS, Comedy Sketch Artists:
JOHN MORRISON, America's Best Descriptive
Barytone: CHARLES COLBURN, Monologist;
BANVARD FAMILY of Acrobats; THE GIR-
DELLERS. Grotesques: THE WILLARDS.
Musical Artists, and NEW MOVING PIC-
TURES.
Reserve Seats by Phone, Stelner 1851.
FAT LADIES' TUG-OF-WAR
THURSDAY NIGHT.
LOOK OUT~FOR ADCIE.
ALCAZAR
BEGINNING TO-DAY. •' ■ )
LAST WEEK BUT ONE OP
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
wUnesday. CAMILLE
WEDNESDAY. VfXi.ll JLi MJmJMJ
Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday nights
and ; Saturday matinee,
ROMEO AND JULIET,
Next Week.TTT. .INGOMAR
t 6&^ R & M £Nto
.**%SEPT.V-gTo"l6 -»- v »
Choicest fRUiT6.ViNEs.YEGE-'
-tables. Grains & Grasses
OF rAIIFHRHIi^ ■ j
A G?£KX S\OCV. SWO^.
fl§\s\cs D\tertainmcT\t.
£XHIBJTS'77IANSPORT£D fRSE
Excursion rates To Visitors.
for Particulars.
»ETBI J. shields B^ P^ S K ID L S T
vSECRETARV. PRESIDENT
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
6UTRO »-.A .S.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing, including admission, 25c; children, 20c
t^^^SSßfefe&M.M " i? ** l * * non-poifttnntii
*d|llßrain"tll\£'jJ remedy for Gonorrhcea,
JjFsSjariJVllEb^VM Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
mgWxn Ito i &*y- V Whites, unnatural dig-
mfjgf os&nßteed ■ charges, or any inflamma*
mV¥ noi to atrletorc. tion, irritation or uicera-
Wt niri-rmta rn"^" tion of mucous mem*
tetTHEEvANSCHtVT^no. Cranes. Non-a«tringenU
VSLoxcmNATLcBII Sk>ld bj
rr - i TSr"' 9fnt 1Q P!» ln wrapper.
TOH^^U' . a JfSa by express, prepaid, fot
•SUHIM^I fl.oo, or 3 boltlee, 92.75.
*^¥tggß^-- m OrciuM Mat «& nt&ash
IA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PO3LIO AND ATTORNBY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Sprockets Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931
Residence. 821 Callfornl* st.. below Powell.
San Francisco. '
<■» irr nnill I Corner FourtH and
PUrr M 111/ A I Markets. F. Try
I l\ \- h Nil fill cur Special Brew
I .11 I nillHl Steam and Lager.
Unl L lIUInLic Overcoaulnd
.Valises checked ire*.
56
GOLFERS WILL CONTEST.
SACRAMENTOS ARE FIRST
GOLFERS TO
CONTEST FOR
A FINE CUP
Offered by George
Crocker.
GAMES AT DEL MONTE LINKS
EVENTS HAVE ATTRACTED
MUCH ATTENTION.
Effort Being Made to Arrange a Con
test Between Eastern Tennis
Cracks and California
Men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DEL. MONTE, Aug. 20.— The next event
In the series of sports at th's resort will
be the ladles' golf contest. Speculation is
rife as to the probable winner of the
George Crocker cup. Among the ladies
Mrs. W. P. Fuller, Mrs. "tt'inslow and
Miss Maud Mullens show the best
form, and the general opinion is that
Miss Mullens will probably be the victor.
The contest will begin to-morrow morn
ing with a qualifying round of eighteen
holes, medal play, for the George Crocker
cup, and will continue through Tuesday,
with a final competition at eighteen holes,
match play.
Among the men «rolfers who have, been
playing here during the week in prepara
tion for the contest that opens on
Wednesday are C. E. Lescher of NeW
York. Winplow Roos. J. a. Folger, C.
E. Worden of San Francisco, A. P. Lord
of Faris and Mr. Hammond of Oakland.
The mra's contest opens on Wednesday
with a . if) ing round of eighteen
holes, medal play. Sixteen competitors
making the lowest scores in the qualify
ing round will be eligible for the final
competition at thirty-six holes, match
play which will take place on the 24th
and 25th; the winner of which will be
entitled to the Del Monte cup. The
three contests— the two mentioned end
the team match, south vs. north, six
men to a team, which will be a compe
tition at thirty-six holes, match play,
occurring on Saturday— will produce some
of the best golf Over seen in the State, it
is believed.
The complete list of entries In the
ladies' Heap golf contest for the
fit-urge Crocker cup is as follows: Miss
M \j Rowe, Miss Jarecki, Miss Caro
lan Mrs W. P. Fuller, Miss Caro Crook
eti Mrs. C. R. Winslow, Miss Alice Duff,
Mr* E. D. Silent, Miss Edith Mcßean,
Mrs! Mary Scott, Mlsa Mhoon, Mrs. W.
W Lovett; Miss Ethel 13. Patton, Mrs.
Charles Monroe, Miss Maud Mullens. Mrs.
F D t'onnelly. Miss Nora Wilshire, Mrs.
Cunningham. "Miss C. Carolan, Mrs. 11.
T. Scott, Miss Ullie O'Connor, Miss Tay
l"r -
Play begins at 9:30 a. m.. with qualify
ing rounds of eighteen holes, medal play,
from the result of which handicaps for
the final contest will be arranged.
Two impromptu contests were held to
day, one tennis and the other a pigeon
shout. ■.......- played by teams
made up of players who remained here
during the day," with the addition of
George Whitney and L. B. Cornell, who
arrived here last night; but the game
was not completed because most of the
men had to leave on the 4 p. m. train.
Drawing resulted is follow?: James
• 'ode and Dr. Root vs. 1.. B. Cornell and
I. i. Arguello, Grant Smith and George
Whitney vs. Phillips and Jones. The
lirst team in both sets won out after
pome particularly good work all round.
The tennis feature of the sporting car
niv;il closed with a game of exhibition
singles between George Whitney, Pacific ■
Coast singles champion, and Code. Code
was in excellent form, but could not
stand against the superb work of his op
ponent:
The annual tournament for the Doug
las championship of the Pacific Coast, to
open September 7, will be notable for the
presence of M. D. Whitman of Massachu
setts. United States single champion:
Reels Wright of Boston, and Ward and
Davis, United States doubles cham
pions. An effort is being made to ar
range a contest between tni -• four East
(■rn men and four of the best California
players, the contest to immediately fol
low' the championship tournament.
The pigeon shoot to-day was at 200
birds for a purse made up by the com
petitors, who are members of the Country
Club and Burlingame, and who shot in
yesterday's contest. Pool shooting in
thrt-e events was the order of the day,
tho winners of first, second and third, re-
Bpectlvely, being F. R. Webster, C. A.
Halght a"nd A. H. Whitney.
Watsonville Wins
SAN JOSE, Aug. 20.— The Watsonvllle
Babies .lit; defeated the locals to-day
through superior playing at critical times.
The score was G to 3. The home team
commenced the run gathering in the third
inning, but in the seventh the visitors
opened up a wide pap with a bunch of well
placed hits. They clinched their lead with
two more runs in the eighth. Score:
"WATSONVILLE.
AB R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hrockhoff, Sb 3 3 2 10 0 0
McCarthy, 1.l 3 12 13 3 2
Courtney, c. f 4 1 1 1 2 0 1
'roll. r. f 4 0 2 0 10 0
Selna, lb 4 0 0 0 10 0 0
Morfow, c 2 0 117 10
lUlllnps. 2b 3 10 12 3 0
Haj-es, 1. t 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Harper, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 29 C 8 6 27 • 10 3
SAN JOSE.
AH R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
M Gucfeen, 1. t & l 2 0 0 0 0
Huston, 3b 4 110 10 0
U Dfa. s. - 4 110 12 1
lJorchers, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Ilanloh, lb 3 0 0 0 11 0 1
Graham, c. % 4 0 0 1 4 0 0
Anderson, 2b 3 0.2.2 24 1
Foley, r. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Kent, c 3 0 0 0' 3 0 0
Totals 32 3 6 3 24 8 ~3
BUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Jo«? 00201000 o—3
Hanc lilts 0 0 2 1110 0 1—
■\VatsonvUle 00100032 •-«
liase hits 11100241 •—
SUMMARY.
Bnlk— Borrhers. Jtuna responsible for— Bor
chers 5, Harper 2. Three-base hits— Huston.
<>l»-.i. McCarthy. Sacrifice hits— Hilling*.
Morrow, McCarthy. Courtney, Hayes, Harper,
llanlon, FOley. First base on called balls—
HorchPrs I, Harper 3. First base on errors—
San Jo?e 3, Watsomille 3. Struck nut— By
Horchors 2, by Harper j. Hit by pitcher—An
derson. I/?ft on I)U<">!=— Ban .!•>■"■■ 7. Watsonvllle
9. Time of uanie— l:4s. l.'mplre— O'Connell.
Scorer— Waldorf.
» ♦ ■
CROSS COUNTRY RUN
Members of the Olympic Club Enjoy
a Twelve Mile Jaunt in San
Mateo County.
An enjoyable cf< .^ country run was
held by the numbers of the Crofts Coun
try Tram;) annet of the Olympic Cltab
,n George James led
nearly a scori ol members over the Ban
Is, and the Weather con
ditions were bo favorable that th>' entire
.: in tood season. An early
start was mafle from Miilbrae and the
along t" Crystal Springs
■ . th< ri Into Ban Mateo and thence
to the beach, where the fatigued mem
bers refreshed themselves with a swim.
•■ th( club started again
. ; : homeward. Dinner was
al Hotel Mateo and the regular
!y jaunt was voted a success.
■ring members participated In
the run: Harry Bostwiek, Oeorge Croal,
' Wagner, H. Btern, H. w. Gallat. T.
v. ii. Hoenes. M. Cobb, H. Her
:■ Arthur Till, H. Boxes, A. Bruman.
(Jdon, Oeorge Hinkle. A. Taylor,
11. C. Ahlers, A. Llppinan. A. Smith. Ed.
' lakley and G-orge James. Captain
James, Hairy Bostwlck, Mat Haddock
and Grorgo Croat were first to finish the
iwfclve-miic rw
MADE IT THREE
STRAIGHT FROM
UNCLE'S PLAYERS
Sacramento Cracks
in First Place.
THOUSANDS AT THE GAME
LOCALS HAD CONTEST WON UP
TO LAST INNING.
Catcher Stanley and Umpire Graves
Met in a Limited Contest — A
Draw—" Truck" Eagan Re
ceives Flowers.
Over 7000 hooting, howling, shrieking
baseball enthusiasts filled the grandstand
and "bleachers" at Recreation Park yes
terday afternoon to see the final game of
the series between Kripp's Sacramento
stick-wielders and the local team. Twice
In two days had Hank Harris' nine wasp
like young men gone down before the
prowess of the "Brewers," and they tried
hard to redeem themselves. The fates
were against them. Playing a faultless
game, with the score standing 1 to 0 in
their favor, Kripp's crew of nine smashed
out two runs in their half of the ninth,
and Uncle wept again.
The bright particular stars of the day
were "Truck. Eagan and Mat Stanley.
■Truck," be'eause he was presented with
a handsome floral baggage truck as he
stepped to the plate the first time, and
Stanley for deciding to take a fall out of
Umpire Graves and then changing his
mind. The latter little episode occurred
in the ninth inning, when the Sacramc ntos
were most in need of runs. Eagan lined one
to right field and reached first. Next at
the bat, Stanley bunted, beating the
sphere to first. "Orator" O'Neil claimed
the ball rolled foul, and Graves so decided.
Stanley came back to dispute the ruling |
of the umpire, and to make his talk per
suasive shoot the letter's mask. It is quite
evident Mr. Graves will "stick" when oc- 1
casion requires it. Snatching the wire
cage from his head he swung right and
left at Stanley until restrained by some
of the other players. in an Instant pande
monium reigned, and several officers ap
peared on the scene. However, Stanley
picked up his bat, Graves regretted and
the Incident was soon history.
The game was really a pitchers' battle,
both "Silent" Harvey and "Fireman'
Pitapatrick receiving perfect support. The
former struck out four men, while three
of the Sacramentos failed to connect with
the "Fireman's" curves. The locals played
an errorless game, with but two misplays
charged to the opposing team.
The lone run recorded in favor of Uncle
Hank's players was made by Krug in
the first inning. Hit by pitcher, he made
a circuit of the bags on wild throws of
Stanley and Shanahan. The former en
deavored to catch Krug at second on a
steal, and the outfielder threw wild in an
attempt to nail "Helny" at the corner.
For the victors the wicked smash from
Shanahan's bat, sending the ball to cen
ter, brought in the winning run. Bag
had already reach, d the home plate on
Doyle's two-bagger, and when Bnanahan
made connections Doyle scampered in
amid a scene of wild confusion.
The Ore was as follows:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH SB. PO. A. E.
McLaußhlln. 1. f 4 0 2 0 1 0 0
Harvey, p 2 0 0 0 '■'• 10
O'Connor, Ib 3 0 1 0 14 1 0
Eagan. a. a 4 1 1 0 3
Stanley, c 3 0 10 3 2 1
Doyle, r. f 4 110 6 0 0
Shanahan, c. f 4 0 10 2 0 1
Stultz, ft 3 0 0 0 15 0
Sheehan, 3b 3 0 10 0 3 0
Totals 30 2 8 0 27 12 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. 15H. SB. PO A. E.
Hilderbrandt, r. f... 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Muller. 1. f 4 0 0.0100
Kruß p. 1 3 10 14 4 0
Sullivan, lb 3 0 1 0 10 0 0
Uilev lb 3 0 0 0 2 2 0
Swindells, c 3 0 0 0 4 10
Pvne. c. 1 3*o 1 0 1 0 0
oWll. 2b 3 0 0 0 2 2 0
Fitzpatrick, p 3 " ••> _0 0 _3J>
Totals 29 1 2 1 *24 12 0
•Eagan out for O'Connor's Interference with
flel'ler. One out when winning run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS Bt INNINGS.
San Francisco 10000000 o—l
Base hits 01000010 o—2
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2—2
Bate hits 01000202 3—B
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Fitzpatrick 2. Two-base
hit— Sullivan. Sacrifice hit— Stanley. First
base on called balls— Sacramento 3. Left on
ba=es— San Francisco 2, Sacramento 7. Struck
out— By Fitzpatrick 3, by Harvey 4. Hit by
pitcher— Krug. Time of game— 2:oo. Umpires-
Graves and Levy. Official scorer— J. W. Staple-
4»
Sacramento 8, San Francisco 6.
The morning game at Freeman's Park.
Berkeley, b< tween the Sacramento and
San Francisco teams was a very spirited
contest, resulting In a victory for the
former hy a score of 8 to G. The cranks,
who were out in full force, filling the un
pretentious grand stand to overflowing.
were treated to a lurid exhibition of the
nal game, interspersed with fre
quent spells of jangling and wrangling.
In the owning inning the San Francis
cos, first at bat, touched up the delivery
of Doyle early and often, rolling up four
runF before O'Neil finally retired the side
with a hit that Eagan gathered in. In
the inning following one more run was
counted up. Sacramento scored one In
the flrßt
Then followed the eventful third In
ning, in which Sacramento pulled the
gamo from the coals, creating at the same
time a big "kick." Missel DallS by Josh
Kik-y and Swindells allowed Doyle and
Stultz to tcore, which, Added to runs
made by O'Connor, Eagan. Merit-fee and
Bhe«han piled up a total of six. After
this Harris' men tried hard, but could
get l>ut one man over the plate.
Both opposing pitcher* were touched up
freely. Tin- wide enrvwi oi lb<Tg seemed
to get caught In tht gusts of wind that
swept over the diamond, as he sent five
men to Bfst on called balls. I,ew's de
cisions «m Iberg's shoots, which were ap
parently just, called for frequent pro
testa fpnii O'Neil and Sullivan, and they
Started B warm argument in the third
inning after Doyle and Stultz had scored.
O'Neil claitned the ball fielded by Hiley
and mnffcl by Swindells at the plate was
a "blocked ball," but Levy failed to ob
. Interference, and the claim
was disallowed. For his persistent and
threatening oratorical efforts O'Neil was
ordered out of the game and fincl $?<.
I' :,<• was moved to second, and Fitzpat
ri'ck went out in center field.
Owing to the many delays game was
(ailed after the seventh inning.
The score follows:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. PR. PO. A E
11 il '..rbran<st, rf .... 4 I 0 1 o 0 6
Muller, cf 4 2 2 2 2 o 0
Krup. s. 8 3 1 2 1 4 2 2
Sullivan, lb 4 10 0 4 0 1
Blley, 3b 4 2 10 2 5 3
Swindells, c 3 0 0 0 4 12
Pyne, cf. ft 2b 2 0 1 1 4 1 l
O'Neil, 2b 2 0 0 n o 0 0
Iberg, p 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Kitzpatrick, cf 1 0 0 0 1 0 0
Totals SO 6 6 5 21 9 9
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A E
Mrl<nuKhlin. If 3 1 1 3 4 1 2
Harvey, rf 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
O'Connor, lb 4 1 2 0 9 0 0
Eagan. s. s 3 2 1 i z 1 3
Menefee, c 3 1 1 o 2 0 1
Doyle, p 3 1 n o n 3 0
Shanahan, cf 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Ptultz, 2b 4 110 111
Sheehan. 3b 4 1 1 0 2 2 1
Totals 32 S I 4 a 8 8
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL., MO^'DAT, AUGUST 21, 1899.
SPORTS OF THE DAY
RfX- AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 4 10 0 10 o—6
Base hits 4 2 0 0 0 0 o—6
Sacramento 10 6 10 0 0—?
Base hits 0 14 10 1 o—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for—lberg 1, Doyle 1. Three
base hit—Rlley. Two-base hits—Stultz. Me-
Laughlln. Kirst base on error?—San Francisco
4. Sacramento 4. First base on called balls-
I San Francisco 2. Sacramento 5. Left on bases' —
; Pan Francisco 6, Sacramento S. Struck out —
By Ib*rs 4, by Doyle 3. Passed balls—Swin
dells 1. Menefee 2. Time of game—One hour
and fifty-five minutes. Umpires—Graves and
Levy. Official scorer—H. S. McFarlln.
♦
Oakland Loses to Santa Cruz. ■,
!
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 20.—The Sand Crabs
won both games from Oakland to-day.
This morning Haines pitched for the local i
men, doing good work. Steffani was the j
opposing pitcher. Score, 3 to 2 in favor of i
the Crabs. j
This afternoon a large crowd witnessed i
the game, in which the Crabs won again: I
score. 3 to 1. Not a run was made until !
the fifth inning, when Daubenbis' two
bagger brought in one man. In the next j
inning Streib's two-bagger brought in two
runs. The Oakland* did not make a run !
until the eighth. Daubenbis and Steffani I
were the pitchers. It was a hard-fought I
game. Five hits were made off Pauben
bis, and an enual number off Steffani.
Scores:
MORNING GAME.
SAN.TA CRUZ.
AB. R. Bh. SB. PO. A. K.
William?, 2b 3 2 0 0 6 10
Devereaux, 3b 3 0 0 0 1 » 0
Pace, lb 2 110 8 0 0
Drennan, cf 3 0 1 0 1 0 2i
Strieb, c 4 0 0 2 4 1 0
Arrelanes, B. s 3 0 ; 0 1 1 4 0 '
Clark, rf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Dalrymple. if 4 0 10 3 0 0
Haines, p 3 0 10 0 2 91
Totals 29 3 4 3 »26 10 ~2
•Schmeer out for Interfering with fielder.
OAKLAND.
„ , , AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mosklman, cf 5 0 1 0 1 0 0
Hammond, c, 3 10 0 2 10
Hutchlnson, !b 3 I 1 o 12 0 0
Hardle. rf 3 0 2 0 0 0 51
Punleavy. 2b 4 0 12 4 10
Lane,-. 3b 4 0 0 11 13 1
mee, r; S- 8 3 0 0 0 2 5 t\
£'««• If 4 0 0 0 10 1
Meffani, p 2 0 0 0 0 4 0
Totals si 1 6 1 24 14 5
RUNS AND HIT? BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz 2 10 0 0 0 0 0 1-3
Base hits 2 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1-4
Oakland j n 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—2
Base hits 20100011 o—s
SUMMARY.
Earned run—Santa Cruz. Three-base hit—
Pace. Two-base hit—Hardle. Sacrifice hits—
1 ace 2 First base on errors—Santa Cruz 4
Oakland I. First base on called balls—Santa
Cruz 3. Oakland 6. Left on bases—Santa Cruz i
5. Oakland 7. Struck out—By Haines 3, by Stef-
H. R. SIMPKINS' TRAMONTANA WINS HER MAIDEN RACE.
THE Tramontane, the latest addition to the yachting fleet nf this hay, showed herself a speedy craft yesterday. In
the race from Vallejo of the San Francisco club boats the Tramontana outsailed the schooners Chispa and Ramona
and the sl< >p Nixie, the latter the fastest of her class here. The* winner stood the heavy weather of San Pablo
Hay admirably, showing herself not only a speedy but a wealherly craft.
fani 2 Hit by pitcher— Devereaux. Double plays
—Arrelanes to Williams to Pace, Steffanl to
Dunleavy to Hutchinson. Passed ball—Ham
mond. Time of game— On.c hour anil forty-five
minutes. Umpire— J. Shea. -Official scorer—
Flelslg.
AFTERNOON GAME.
SANTA CIU'T?.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams. 2b 3 0 113 11
SETS*.!' 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Pace lb 3 0 0 0 8 0 0
{Annan, c. f 4 1 7 1 : 1<; 8 ; 0 0
Strieb. c 3 0 112 10
Arrelanes. b. 8 3 0 0 0 3 11
Clark r f l 1 0 0 1 0 0
I-alrymrle. 1. f 3 0 0 0 B 0 0
Daubenbls, P 3 0 0 J _°. J _°.
Totals 26 1 5 S 18 It I
•Dunleavy out for not touching second.
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mosklman. c. f I 0 10 2 0 0
Hammond, c 5 0 115 10
Hutchlnson. lb 2 1119 0 0
Hardle. r. f « 0 0 0 1 0 0
Dunleavy. 2b 4 0 2 1 -0 1 2
Lan e, Sb 4 0 0 0 3 3"
Schmcer, s. 8 + 010140
pifltt 1 f 2 0 0 0 3 0 l
StefVanl. P i»J 111111
Totals 33 1 8 3 24 12 3
HUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz.. °2221?55!~?
Bats hits....: 10001300 •-:,
OaWani ." 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 10-1
Base hits 00111002 I—6
SUMMARY.
Earned' run-Santa Cruz. Two-base hits—
Daubenbls. Strieb, Dunleavy. First base on
-Santa Cruz 2. Oakland 2. First base
on called balls— Off Daubenbls 5, off Stfeffanl
4 Left on bases— Santa Cruz 6, Oakland 8.
Struck out— By Daubenbls 2, by Steffanl 3.
Passed ball-Strieb. Wild pitch— ant.
Time of game— One hour and forty-five min
utes. Umpire— J. Shea. Official scorer— ll.
Flelflg.
Fresno Defeats Visalia.
FRESNO. Aug. 20.— Fresno tied Visnlia
for third place in the league standing in
a one-sided game here to-day. Yellow
fielding on the part of Vlsalla In the first
Inning gave Fresno ten 'runs. About 500
rooters were present from Visalia. Score:
Club— R - H. K.
Fresno ....... •••••••••••••••••••••••.I' *' 2
Vls.-illa 1 « 8
Batteries-Monroe and Swartz; Cecil. Over
all and Willis.
Nebraskans Defeated.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 20.-The Ne
braska regiment baseball team crossed
bats with the local nine to-day and were
defeated by a Score of 25 to 10. The game
proved uninteresting to the spectators,
as the soldier boys were in poor condi
tion, out of practice and entirely out
classed by the San Rafaels.
A Oalifornian Wins.
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— The races at
Yallsburg. N. J-, to-day were witnessed
by about 3500 people. Summary:
Hurrah Stakes, quarter mile, professional-
Jay Eaton, Loraine. K. J., won; H. B. Free
man. Portland, Or., second; Bob Walthour.
Atlanta. Ga.. third; Owen Klmble, Louisville,
fnurth. Time, :36 2-f,. .
Five-mile. professional-Floyd MeFarland,
California (scratch), won; Bob Walthour, At
lanta. Ga. (50 yards), second; Owen Klmble,
Louisville (scratch), third; E. B. Stevens,
Weedeeport, N. Y. U6O yards), fourth; T. J.
Fischer. Chicago (60 yardi), fifth. Time,
10:48 2-5.
HARRY SIMPKINS'
MONTANA IS
A SPEEDY CRAFT
Sails In Ahead of a
Whole Fleet.
CAPTURES TWO PRIZE FLAGS
CLOSE STRUGGLE BETWEEN THE.,
CYGNUS AND SAPPHO.
San Francisco Yachtsmen Hold a
Trial of Speed From Mare Island
to Clubhouse at Sau
salita. »""•'•,'/. "
H. R. Simpkins' new yawl Tramontana
entered her first race yesterday and won
two prize flags. The race between the
yawl and G. E. Billings' sloop Nixie was
close and exciting, the yawl crossing the
finishing line In front of the San Fran
cisco clubhouse 1 minute 57 seconds ahead
of her rival. The Tramontana won the
flag for crossing the finishing line first,
and also that for making the fastest time
down from Vallejo to Sausalito. Her time
for the trip was 3 hours 37 minutes 36
seconds. I. Gutte's schooner Chispa made
the next best time, finishing in '■* hours 43
minutes 45 seconds.
The San Francisco Yacht Club's trial of
speed from Vallejo to Sausalito on May 21
was Be successful and excited so much In
terest that Commodore Hill decided to call
off the annual regatta over the triangular
course in front of the clubhouse at bau
salito and substitute for it a second cruise
from Vallejo. On May 21 the finish be
tween the schooners Aggie. i,urllne and
Ramona was the leading feature of the
race, but on this occasion neither J. D.
Spreckels' Lurline nor E. A. Wlltsee's
Aggie started. The event of yesterday,
however, had a strong element of Interest
H. R. Simpkins' yawl Tramontana, which
sailed her maiden race and proved herself
! a speedy craft. O. E. Billings' sloop Is'lxle
finished less than two minutes after the
1 Winner, nnd I. Qutte's ciiispa finished less
than six minutes later than the Nixie. Dr.
A. YV. McKtr.zff's sloop Sappho and Com
modore T. L. Hill's sloop CygnUß made a
close race, the flagship finishing only
sixty-one seconds later than the. Sappho.
Thrri- was a large fleet of yaCuiS at Val-
I lejo on Saturday night, the Ban Francis
-1 cos contributing the schooners Chispa,
Outing and Ramona, the yawls Frolic and
Tramontana and the sloops Cygnus and
Thetis. \V. Woods' slo«p Angela also lay
at anohnr off Vallejo. Several Corinthian
! yachts escorted the flagship Aeolus and
tli" Bloops Mignon and Edna, which start
ed yesterday morning on a cruise up river
to Mare Island. Among these were the
yawl Arcturua and the sloops Freda,
; Presto and Jessie A. The California sloop
1 Embla was also on hand, but her rival,
j Commodore A. M. Clay's Pactolus, v.»d
; not put in an appearance though arrange
ments had been made for them to join the
cruise nf the San Franciscns.
The fleet beat out of Mare Island Straits
1 under a good breeze, which freshened
' considerably in San Pablo Bay. The early
' part of the' race was against a flood tide,
and. strong as the wlnn was. the sea did
not run high. Commodore Hill and G. E.
I Billings made over toward the Marin
| shore, hoping to find a stronger breeze
; there, but the rest of the fleet hugged
! the Contra Costa shore and made better
time by doing so. The flagship Cvgnus
! carried full sail all through, and though
1 the turnbuekle on her port backstay part
i ed, and later the traveler of her main
boom was wrenched from the deck on the
; starboard side, the damage was quickly
repaired and caused little or no delay. On
! nearing Sausalito the commodore, mis
taking the position of the stakeboat. held
;on too long before putting about and
failed to beat out the Sappho.
Commodore C. H. Harrison acted as ref
eree at the clubhouse. E. P. Jessop. O S.
N\. as timer and J. R. Savory as judge.
\Y. M. Edgell's little yawl Dulce served as
stakeboat.
The full details nf the race are given in
I the official table:
PAN FRANCISCO YACHT CLUB RACK FROM VALLEJO TO SAUSALITO
AUGUST 20. 1899.
ON THE CRICKET PITCH.
Alameda Team Defeats Pacific Eleven
on the Home Grounds With
*''■'/'■-, Wickets to Spare. ;
The Pacific cricketers lost their match
I against last year's champions at Alameda
yesterday. Captain George Theobald lost
the toss and his team was sent to the bat
first. J. Meyers and C. Simmonds went
to the wickets, but the former was bowled
by Croll for 12 ' and the latter was given
out leg before wicket off the same bowler
when he had scored 13. C. P. Coles made
a good stand and kept up his wicket for
some time, but added nothing to the
score of his side. The only other player
who contributed much to the total of the
innings was J. J. Theobald, who compiled
37 runs. The innings closed for 103 runs.
Peel took three wickets for 20. Croll three
for 22. and Driffleld two for 26. »
J. H. Saunders and G. Hellman opened
the batting for Alameda, the former con
tributing 14 and the latter 4. F. Croll made
11, and J. J. Moriarty was not out, 31, and
J. J. R. Peel not out, 31. Three wickets
having fallen for 108 runs and the match
being won, the rest of the Alameda men
did not get«an inning, though an hour re
mained before call of time. Five Pacific
bowlers were tried, of whom Simmonds.
Harbour and Casidy each captured one
wicket. The full scores follow:
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
.7. Myers b. Croll 12
C. Sinimondp, I. b. w.. b Croll 13
F. Sewell b. Croll 4
H. C. Gutty, 1. h. w., b. DriMeld 3
C. P. Coles b. Feel 0
J. J. Theobald h Bird ■. 37
J. H. Hftrbour n. Peel 3
G. Theobald, run out 9
K. F. MU*s-on b. Peel 5
W. McDonald c. Croll b. Drif field 5
A. W. Wilding, not out 3
By ?. 7; leg bye, 1; wide, 1 »
Total 103
Runs at fall of each wicket— One for 23, two
for 2?. three for 33. four for 33, five for 71,
six for 74, seven for 77, eight for £3, nine for
100, ten for 103.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. M. W.
Saunters 30 10 0 0
Drlffield 76 26 3 3
i nil ; 7S 23 7 3
Peel 66 20 2 3
Bird 36 8 1 1
Peel bowled one wide.
A LAM EPA CRICKET CLUB.
J. H. Saunders b. Simmonds II
G. Hellman c. Coles b. Harbour 4
J. J. Morfarty. not out 41
P. ( 'roll c. McDonald b. Casidy 11
J. J. R. Peel, not out 31
Byes, 3; leg byes, 2; wldes, 2 7
Total for three wickets 108
V. Peebeck, B. Bird, P. B. McLean, F. C.
Hrlffield. W. G. Fortmann and F. Stahl did
not bat.
Runs at fall of each • wicket— one for 8, two
for 38, three for 55.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— .B. R. M. W.
Simmonds fi6 30 2 1
Harbour 78 30 3 1
Sewell 36 22 0 0
Casidy 42 7 1 1
Coles 24 12 0 0
Harbour and Casidy each bowled one wide.
■ ♦ «
Yesterday's Handball Games.
Spirited rlay was the order at Phil
I Ryan's handball court, $58 Howard street,
I yesterday. Following' are the scores:
A. McVfcker and M. Bnsch defeated J.
Condon and M. Edwards. Score: 21— 9.
15—21. 21—19.
D. Farrell and E. Curley defeated R.
i Housman and G. B. Clyde. Score: 21—15,
11—21, 21—20.
W. Williams and B. Chapman defeated
P. Ryan and D. O'Brien. Score: 21—14,
8-21, 21—16.
M, Magulre and P. Repll defeated F. Fo
! ley and M. McClure. Score: 21—17, 12—21,
i 21-10.
T. Serres and J. Glynn defeated E.
White and W. McNamee. Score: 21—15
18—21. 21—13.
J. White and M. Magulre defeated J.
Collins and E. Toy., Score: 21—11. 15—21
21—18.
R. Murphy and P. Basch defeated P.
! Antron and M. Berwin. Score: 21—13.
! 11—21. 21—17.
P. Herrin and M. J. Stokes defeated P.
Foley and J. Casey. Score: 21—18, 12—21,
21-14. -.r^-f-:- •'
O. McDonald and P. Stelner defeated M.
1 McNeil and J. Morris. Score: 21—10, 16—21,
| 21—15.
B. Clements and W. Hassell defeated
A. Collins and L. Kenny. Score: 21—19,
11—21, 21—13.
E. Lynch and E. McDonough defeated
IW. H. Sleberst and W. Cope. Score:
I 21—20, 17—21. 21—12.
■ ♦ ■
A. O. H. High Jinks.
Division No. in. Ancient Order of Hi
| hernlans, gave a high jinks at Hibernia
i Hall last Saturday night, which was a
i very enjoyable affair. Songs, music and
I dancing were in order until a late hour.
| Refreshments were served. Musical selec
i tions on the piano were rendered by
| Brothers Dr. Douglas, C. B. Flana
gan and James Barry, while flute
and violin selections, etc., were well
| received. Other numbers on the pro
j gramme were: Songs by Brothers
I Hayes, James O'Conner, M. Dolan, Fin-
king: and McMann, George Lowe,
B. Quinn. Doherty, O. Mahoney and oth
ers; cornet solos. Brothers M. Fuley and
James O'Connor; jig and reel, Brothers
M. Casey and John O'Connor and D.
Thornton. No. 10 will parade to greet the
California boys and will give its fifth an
nual ball at Native Sons' Hall-, 414 Mason
street, on Saturday evening, November 4.
ROYAL FLUSH A WINNER.
SHOOTING ON THE RANGES
ROYAL FLUSH IS
A STAKE WINNER
AT UNION PARK
Is Favored by Luck
Throughout.
BEATS GLADIATOR BY CHANCE
D. J. HEALEY'S GRENADA IS THE
BEST OF THE PUPPIES.
With Strong Hares and the Fleetest
of Dogs. High Class Sport Is
Presented at the Two
Parks.
The fortunes of coursing were in evi
dence many times at Union Park yester
day. This was particularly so in the semi
final rcund of the open stake when the
faster dog was beaten in two instances.
Flyaway had the speed of For Glory, but
th.- hare turned back to the latter arid the
course was over before Flyaway could re
cover the ground she had lost. The next
round was run under the same conditions,
J. Dean's great dog Gladiator losing to
Royal Flush. Gladiator led, but the hare
turned to Royal Flush and his opponent
threw up his head unsighted. From thai
on until the kill Flush did all the work
and secured the decision. Gladiator was
running in excellent form and was a most
likely candidate for the stake.
The final was between Royal Flush and
For Glory. . The latter is a mite of a
greyhound and had punishing courses
throughout the day. On the other hand
Flush had been favored with compara
tively short courses and was full of run
ning. When they met Flush led up and
scored the first time. He let For Glory
in for a few wrenches and then killed,
winning the stake from F. A. McComb.
D. J. Heal i Grenada, by Rusty Gold-
Wave, the prohibitive favorite tor the
puppy stake, won handily. He led
Wanda from slips, and although the De
Lopez representative drew level in the run
up Grenada secured the first turn and
killed, winning the stake.
Judge Bull erred in the course between •
Lawrence and Statesman in the second
round. The former won in a fairly even
course which the judge called a "no-go."
When the dogs were slipped for the sec
ond time there was nothing to the course
except Statesman, who won all the way.
The judge gave the decision to Lawrence,
possibly to make amends for his decision
when they met previously. The runs were
as follows:
Open stake, first round— D. J. Healey's For
Glory beat Pasha Kennels' Firm Friend; Con
nell Brothers' Lok Boy beat J. Kennedy's Night
Time; George Shannon's Miss Skyrocket beat
Taylor & Maxwell" Wild Lassie; .1. Kennedy's
Ever Shore beat I). J. Healey's Amarosa;
Pasha Kennels' Emm Pasha beat Lowe &
Thompson's Prince Hal: R. K. de B. Lopez's
Winona beat Connell Brothers' Senorita: R. E.
de B. Lopez's Rochester beat H. A. Deckel
man's Flyaway; Handy & Smith's Petronlus
beat J. Dennis' The Devil; Taylor & Maxwell's
Lamplighter beat .1. Kennedy's Wine West: F.
A. McOomb's Royal Flush beat Lowe a.- Thomp
son's St. ''ran; H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence
beat J. I. O'Brien's Statesman; D. J. Healey's
Maori Land beat >J. J. Edmonds' Morning
Glory: .1. Dean's Gladiator beat B. A. John
son's Lowlander; Handy & Smith's Twin City
Girl a bye.
Second round— For Glory beat Lop: Boy: Ever
Shore beat Miss Skyrocket; Kmin Pasha beat
Winona; Flyaway beat Petronius; Royal Flush
beat Lamplighter; Maori Land beat Lawrence;
Gladiator beat Twin City Girl.
Third round—For Glory beat Ever Shore;
Flyaway beat Emm Pasha; Royal Flush beat
Maori Land; Gladiator a bye.
Fourth round— For Glory beat Flyaway; Royal
Flush beat Gladiator.
Final round— Royal Flush, beat For Glory.
Puppy stake, first round— R. E. de B. Lopez's
Wanda beat W. C. GIaSSOBiS Terronite: R. E.
de 8. Lopez's Wonder beat Bartel Brothers'
Beer Brewer; J. Ferris' Honor Bright beat P.
McCabe*a Boney Boy; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Mineola beat Connell Brothers' Mamie Pleas
ant; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle beat H. H.
Gray's Rona: James Sheridan's Forest Queen
beat J. J. Edmonds' Whisky Hill: James Sheri
dan's Forest King beat F. Rothman's Justice:
P. McCabe's Sky Blue beat A. L. Austin's
Firm Foe; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Miss Pen
man beat Hugh Lynch's Loiterer: D. .1.
Healey's Grenada beat T. Cooney's Modesty;
P. McCabe's Craig Boy beat Hurley <t- Reilly's
Lucretia Boreia; H. H. Gray's Terronette beat
R. Strahl's Three Cheer*.
Second round — Wanda beat Honor Brleht:
Minneola beat Wonder; Forest Queen beat Bald
Eaßle: Forest' King beat Sky Blue; Grenada
beat Miss Penman; Craig Boy beat lerronite.
Third round — Wanda beat Minneola: Grenada
beat Forest Queen; Forest King beat Craig
Boy.
Fourth round— Wanda beat Forest King; Gre
nada a bye.
Final— Grenada beat Wanda,
The reserve stake at Union Park will be
run on Wednesday, one d;. - . earlier than
has been the custom. The draw wJH take
place to-night. -
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
Over Four Thousand at Yesterday's
Match— Glen Chloe Wins
the Open Stake.
Over 4000 people enjoyed a Rood day's
sport at Ingleside yesterday. Fair ;
weather and a fresh ocean breeze made i
the day an ideal one for coursinp.
The day furnished some surprises for
the talent. When White Tip and Rock
Island Kins both won in succession at
odds of l to S the enthusiasm of the short
enders knew no bounds.
The live in the first ties, won by lowa '
Girl, was caused by the withdrawal of
Terrona. lowa Girl ran a course with
Free and Easy, previously beaten, and I
Free and Easy won; but on account of the i
bye lowa Girl went into the second ties.
Forgets bye in the fifth ties was allowed
after Forget had been beaten by Forgive,
an outside dog.
Following- is the score:
First ties— D. Ford's Bonita beat A. A. Dun
can's Royal Chief; Larkey & Rook's Myrtle
bent 3. Seggerson's White Chief; T. J. Mc-
Hugh'S Moss Rose beat J. Bradshaw's Hazel
Dell; H. A. Deckelman's Glen Chloe beat
Murphy & Toland's Twilight; E. D. Fallon's
Lily of the West beat Handy Si Smith's Free
and Easy; James MacCormack's White Tip
beat Kay & Trant's Diana; Q. M. Ahercrom
ble's Rock Island King beat T. J. Cronin's Wild
Tralee; E. M. Kellogg' s lowa Maid beat Lord
& Herbsfs Revolver; Dr. Leonard's Master
I*awrence beat E. M. Kelloß^'s Hummer: Joe
Thrift's St. Michael beat Bartel Brothers' Ben
Hur; J. O'Dowd's Shootover (late Scout) beat
A. Van den Burg's Naughty Girl; E. Bau
meister's Warrior beat G. M. Abercrombie's j
Inn:: J. Mooney's Silent Treasure beat J.
Keenan's Royal Oak; M. London's Magneto
beat Lawler & Watson's Richmond Lad; T.
J. Cronln's Thornhlll beat W. J. Browning's
Mountain Belle; Allen & Wilson's Lady Her
schel heat A. Ohmeyer's Rosebud; E. M. Kel
logg 1 s lowa Girl a bye; S. Han
sen'a" L. S. Conley beat M. Michalikl's
Glenroy; Joseph Thrift's Forget beat F.
Brown's Sweet Brier; M. B. Kavnnau<rh's
Hard Lines beat Handy & Smith's Ben Bolt;
A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat T. J. Cronin's
Arab; D. Ford's Juanita beat Handy & Smith's
Victor; A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty beat
S. E. Portal's GaHaßher: A. Massy's Hadlwist
beat T. Cooney's Black Hawk.
Second ties— Bonita beat Myrtle; Glen Chloe
beat Moss Rose: Lily of the West beat White
Tip: lowa Maid beat Rock Island King: Master
Lawrence beat St. Michael; Warrior beat
Shoot over: Silent Treasure. beat. Magneto; Lady
Herschel beat Thornhill; Icrwa Girl beat L S.
Conley; Forget beat Hard Lines; Tod Sloan
beat Juanita; Mountain Beauty beat Hadiwigt
Third ties— Glen Chloe beat Bonita; lowa
Maid beat Lily of the West; Warrior beat Mas
ter Lawrence; Lady Herschel beat Silent Treas
ure; Tod Sloan beat lav."] Girl; Forget beat
Mountain Beauty.
Fourth ties— Chloe beat lowa Maid:
Lady'Herechel beat Warrior; Forget beat Tod
Sloan.
Fifth ties— Glen Chloe beat Lady Herschel;
For&et a bye.
Final— Glen Chloe beat Forget.
Shamrock Has Fin Keel.
NEW YORK. Aug. 21.-The Tribune
says: The sailors on the Shamrock are
not so secretive as the owners of the
boat. One of them said yesterday that
the Shamrock was a fin-keel boat, built
much on the lines of Emperor William's
Meteor. There is nothing about her
smooth deck to indicate that she carries
a center-board.
MARKSMEN RIP
THE TARGETS AT
SCHUETZEH PARK.
! A Strong Wind Affects
the Scores.
FOUR CLUBS AT THE BUTTS
1 COMMITTEE TO ENTERTAIN THE
ARION RIFLEMEN.
Grand Annual Prize Shoo., to Be
Held Next Month by the
Califoraians and the  ; .
Turners.
The shooting stands at Schuetzen Park,
near San Rafael, were filled with the
marksmen of four clubs yesterday, and
though a strong wind interfered to some
extent with the day's sport, the scores
tallied were fair. Monthly bullseye
shoots were held .by the California
Schuetzen Club, the San Francisco
Grutli Shooting Section and the San
Francisco Turner Sehuetzen. The Grutlis
also held a medal shoot, while the Verein
Eintra*?ht Schuetzen Section members
engaged In practice work. They kept no
scores. ■"- -■■■■'
A. Rahwyler carried off the first prize
in the California Club shoot with a score
of 233. A. Utsehig made the 'opnotch
score oi the Turners, with 41* points. A.
yon Wyll, with 400 points, won first prize
in the Grutli medal shoot, and A. Studer
repeated the performance in the bullseye
contest of the same organization.
The complete scores of the three club 3
were as follows: ■-'. • \
California Schuetzen Club, bulls«"ye contest—
A. Rahwyler, 233; J. Btraub, 244; C. J. Walden.
264; H. Enge, 271; A. Hampel. 284: A. Strecker.
321; J. Gorman, 342: W. Ehrenpfort, 372; R.
Stettin, 393; J. C. Waller, 593; Captafti F. A.
Kuhls 664; F. Attinger. 736: A. Breuss, 755;
E. M. Henderson. 552; P.. Langer, 860; O.
Bremer, 910; T. J. Carroll. S&S; M. Reubold,
980; .1. Horstmann, 1047: R. Finking. 1072; <J.
Thierbach. 1129; J. L. UtßChlg;, 13S0; H. Stet
tin, 1415; L. C. Babin, 1464; F. W. Belknap,
1513; C. Meyer, 1516; A. Bertelsen, 1683; Philo
Jacoby, 1965; P. Brunotti, mi; C. Sagehorn.
2214; A. Utschig, 2222; F. Schrumpf, 2438; A.
Jungblut, 2778: J. Kullman (cadet), 958.
San Francisco Turner Schuetzen, bullseye
contest— A. Utschig, 418; C. Nielsen, 443; L.
Brune, 504; R. Finking, 582; Lieutenant Knm
mer, 1021; Captain F. Attinger, 1132: Phtlo
Jacoby, 1615; Charles Sagehorn, 1565; Lieutenant
J. Straub, 1S31; R. Langer, 2096; H. Enge.
2328 Drum corps— F. Krueckel, 526; XV. Straub,
SSI; G. Krueckel. 2053.
San Francisco Grutli Shooting Section, medal
contest— First, A. Studer: second. L. Hauser;
third, Thomas Simmer,, fourth. G. R. Hauser;
fifth, A. yon Wyll; sixth, J. AppenzeUer; sev
enth. Charles Gut.
San Francisco Grutli Shooting Section, bulls
eye contest — Champion class. A. yon Wyll, 400;
first class, G. H. Hauser, 398; second class,
Charles Gut, 353; third class, not awarded;
beet first shot, A. • Studer, 24; best last shot,
G. R. Hauser, 23.
Thirty members of the Ariot.s. repre
senting several of the New York shooting
clubs, will be entertained at Schuetzen
Park to-morrow and afforded a chance to
look at the shooting stands and accom
modations, preparatory to the great na
tional bund shoot scheduled for 1&01, by a
committee consisting of Philo Jacoby,
Charles Sagehorn. A. Becker, William
Ehrenpfort, R. Finking. A. Jungbiut,
Captain Kuhls, Captain Attinger and L..
C. Babin.
On September 10 the Gmtlis will hold
their annual autumn prize snoot, and on
September 17 and IS the California
Schuetzen Club will hold its grand annu
al prize shoot, at which a "King" will be
selected. That honor is now possessed by
D. W. McLaughlin. For flag premiums
$500 in cash is offered, and for Oie best
scores on the honorary targets prizes ag
gregating $1000 in value will be dis
tributed. •
COLUMBIA CLUB SHOOT.
Good Scores Were Made at a Well-
Attended Meeting at Harbor
View Yesterday.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club held
a well attended shoot at Harbor View yes
i terday. Notwithstanding, the prevalence
of a high wind the scores were good. The
following are the results:
GMndemann all-comers' rifle medal— F. O.
Young. 69. dr. G. Manne!. 70. 90; F. Pape, 134.
168 167. Military and repeating rifles. Creed
moor count E. Narjot. •*. 44, 43. Siebe ail
comers' pistol medal— F. O. Young-. -.2. 42, 48,
SO 51 38 59, 60, 62; E. Narjot. 57, 88, 75. 77;
j' V Coast • 68 1 F. Becker, 73. Daiss all
comers' 2; and 25 rifle medal -<-. Mannel, 22, 31.
33; E. Narjet. 29. 31. 32. 32. 32, 34. 3«; Dr. J.
F Twist. 36. Record scores. BO yards, pistol—
P. Becker. X, 88, 77. M, 74: Dr. J. F. Twist.
110- J P. Co»«r< ■••■. 62. M. •■ Mrs. G. Manuel.
65 «'« 72; E. Hovev. *v F. Hassman. 10a. S>:
G. Mannel. 93. Tilde- Pr J. P. Twist. 47. 43;
Dr. Chapelle. 7?; J. Jouldene. 5o: «... Mannel.
"8; F. Hasman. », N F. Paton. »j. 4?.
ADVERTISEMUNrS. '[
MEN CURED
PR. MEYERS A CO. ar« the rr^st £
reliable physicians because they aft sfc* c
most successful. They, are the rao« r
successful for the reason that they an X
the most skilled and experienced, They I
have been curing diseases and weakness P
of men for more than eighteen year*. J[
and have the largest and best equipped 1
medical Institution and the most ex- B
tensive practice in America. They E
never use injurious remedies. T
NO A V TILL CURED §
Patients can arrange to pay when . H
they are well, or may pay in monthly H
installments as they prefer. M
Consul' and l'rivatr Book for Mm Frte B
HOME CURES—FREE BOOK. pi
■ Thousands are cured annually without I j
seeing the doctors. All correspondence ■
confidential. . No printing on envelopes H
or packages to indicate name of sender. H
PRIVATE BOOK FREE BY MAIL. H
DR.MEYERS&CO. 3
731 MARKET ST., S. F. H
TAKE ELEVATOR TO THIRD FLOOR R
',' ' Dally. 8 to 5. H
i. HOURS: ; Evenings. 7 to 8. |g
Sundays, 9 to 11. 13
(iviaiT DR JORDAN'S great^
{HUSEUH OF ANATOMY?
f C% 1051 1USE£T ST. let. fii ft 7ti , S.F.CiI. A
#tj^ • The '-"'"' Aiytoin!C«l Museum in the \
World. Weakne&« or tny contracted M
? OBH disease p^»Hl»«»lyc»re«lhytht oldest T
9 flteJSl ipeual'itrniheCtaiL Est. 36 years. Q
ifl*^ J DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
Fs9v2 Co.i«;ultaticn frrr and strictly prirate \
I W$£ D I"" mtnt petsomlly or by letter. A A
I 9 11 M ' w " l ' eCVreioe »«ycajeunderuken. \
f / II A rite for Book. PHILOSOPHY c fi
"(l ll' ■»ni«l*6E, MAILED FREE. (,\ f
X H J]i valuable book for men) \
9 I>B. JORDAN &tO, 1051 MarketKt.,B. F. ¥
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THB
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
•ircnftb to sexual organs. Depot, 523 AUr*«wFAMILY TROUBLE
NEARLY CAUSES A
SUNDAY MURDER
Edward Rockhill Shot
by His Wife.
SHE CLAIMS SELF-DEFENSE
SAYS HE STABBED HER WITH
A BUTCHER KNIFE.
Almost Fatal Sequel to a Row That
Started Over a Woman's Re
fusal to Cook Turkey Din
ner Last Thanksgiving.
Oakland office Ban Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 20.
The bitter aftermath or nn Incident that
occurred last Thanksgiving day, when
Mrs. Edward Rockhill refused to serve
her husband with a turkey dinner, almost
culminated in a murder this morning at
their home, corner of Forty-third and
Linden streets.
The climax of Mr. and Mrs. Rockhill's
domestic troubles -was signaled by the
loud report of a shotgun In their barn
shortly aft( r the couple had engaged In a
desperate encounter at the breakfast
table, in which Rockhill claims his wife
attempted to assassinate him with a
kitchen butcher-knife.
Later the wife went to the barn. The
husband followed her, and while he was
standing in the barn doorway the infuri
ated woman leveled a shotgun at him and
fired the contents of one barrel, a goodly
portion of the charge of No. ■"■ shot lodg
ing In Rockhlll's left shoulder.
Without attempting to renew the strug
gle the injured husband ran for his life.
scaled fences and finally escaped.
Neighbors summoned the police and
Rockhill was t.iken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where Dr. Stratton dressed the
wounds, which were pronounced not seri
ous. About thirty shot had penetrated
the flesh. He was later taken to the City
Prison, where he will be held awaiting
further developments.
Mrs.v Rockhill went to her room after
firing the shot and had Dr. Depue of
Golden (iate summoned. She was treated
for several incised wounds on her chest
and hark which she declares were inflicted
by her husband. She was not arrested.
"My husband has treated me brutally
for a long time." said Mrs. Rockhill this
afternoon, "and I could stand it no longer.
1 ran first to the neighbors and then to
our barn for protection, and had to defend
mv life against him."
Several of the neighbors aver that the
husband had frequently handled her
roughly and that only this morning he
chased her from the house and threatened
her.
Rockhili declares that trouble has been
brewing between himself and his wife for
several years.
"My wife has a terrible temper." he said
aftf-r being locked up in the City Prison,
"and this morning at breakfast she quar
reled because I nad gone out to get a
ilrink. She picked up a butcher-knife and
threatened to carve me. I wrestled with
her nd !lna.lly wrenched the knife from
lit grasp. If she is cut at all it must
have happened while we were struggling,
for I had no intention of injuring her.
Afterward she went to the barn, and
wh*-n I opened the door, telling her to
come out and go into the house and be
have herself, she stood In the horse stall,
and before I knew it leveled the shotgun
and fired. I knew I was hit, and ran for
my life. If she files an information
against me I'll do the same against her.
I can bring witnesses to prove that she Is
In the wrong. I'll never spend another
night in that house with her.
"Thf whole trouble was caused over a
?iri named Arelia, the fifteen-year-old
laughter of my wife's sister. My wife
las always devoted more time to directing
his girl in her dancing for the stage than
:o her- household duties. This girl has
'topped with us for years, and when she
law me shot she said it served me right.
fhat's the thanks I get for feeding her.
"I have no fc-ar of the outcome of this
iffair. Mv wife had me arrested last
Phanksgiving day because, as she said. I
■ truck her for not cooKlng a 'turkey din
ler: but she never proved the charge.
lY>'v« had trouble ever since. Several
ninths ago she filed a homestead on my
iroperty which I owned before I married
ler thirteen years ago."
Rockhill is employed as a heater In the
Fudson Iron Works. He is 49 years of
ige. and the woman whom he c*aims at
*mpted twice to-day to assassinate him
f his second wife. By her he has no
■hildr^n. but back at nis old home in
"Mttsburg. Perm., he has five children,
anqing in ages from If! to 28 years.
CLOSE SHAVE FOR McHUGH
Overcome by Gas, He Is Revived Aft
er an Hour's Hard Work.
OAKLAND, Auk. 20.— William McHugh,
formerly manager of the People's Express
Company, narrowly escaped death by
carbonic acid' gas asphyxiation to-night
at his home, corner of Ninth avenue and
East Sixteenth street. He was found by
his wife lying; unconscious on the' floor
of the bathroom and against the door.
Dr. W. J. Wllcox was promptly sum
moned and after working over the pa
tient for an hour, revived him sufficiently
to pronounce him fairly out of danger
It was reported that McHugh had at
tempted suicide on account of some re
cent financial reverses, and it was known
that he had been in poor health for some
weeks past, but after he had sufficiently
revived to speak to-night he declared
that it was purely accidental. He says he
had jupt left the bath and that a globe
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINQ.
Li) r?FfiF\' Manufacturer of Beltineand
I. DLUCi', Lnce Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. j
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY..
342 to 350 Geary Street, above Powell.
PERIODICALS, HOOKS AND STATIONERY. j
COAL. COKE AND P.IO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Teltphone Main 1864. i
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLYTH, Mgr.
C-.Vf. Smith. Ship Plumbing, Steamboat :
and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18
Washington St Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lie RilV H- ffi Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- P'JICJ (I tU,, clay. Tel. Main 12&4.
. IRDN FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton SHedley. Props. !
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
/'. •.■..'■; ■■'■'. PAPER DEALERS.
Wll 1 AMFTTF PULP AND pAp en.,
VYILLMIriLI lE. 722 Montgomery Str»
PRINTIN i.
EC HUGHES, 5n PRINTER,
• W' JTB U<LlilL>3» fill Bansomc St.
ME HICKS- JUDD CO-, b^lT!i F.STJt
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic DAPTPinnF M Call
Codes. rrtlV I IvlUuLforiilnt.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its
QUEEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
Is the Beat Coal In the Market.
Office and Yards— 4so Main street.
heater attached to a gas jet rapidly con
sumed the oxygen in the room and gen- '
crated carbonic acid gas. Realizing that I
be was being overcome he mustered all !
his efforts, turned out the gas and had
Just reached the door, turning the key
when ht fell to the floor, unable to turn
the knob to open the door.
SERGEANT N. A.
POLLARD TO WED
OAKLAND, Aug. 20.— Sergeant N.
Augustus Pollard is to be married
publicly on Tuesday to Private Susie
Johnson at the Salvation Army bar
racks. Lieutenant Colonel Evans will per
form the ceremony. The staff from head
quarters in San Francisco and the splen
did headquarters band will also be pres
ent.
The bride has been a member of the
Oakland corps for some time, and two
years ago was the pioneer school teacher
of the army colony at Soiedad. For some
time past she has been living at Napa.
Sergeant Pollard is iiuite young, but he
lias t. .-.•;. , !.<■ of the most faithful of the
Oakland soldiers. He was a familiar fig
ure at army gatherings in the days whon
it was not safe to wear good clothes be-
N. AUGUSTUS POLLARD
cause or the prevalence of rotten eggs ir
the air. He has helped to bring the army
to the respect-commanding; position II
now holds, and the coast, headquarters
will make his wedding an event Of more
than ordinary interest.
■ ♦ .
ROANOKE BRINGS GOLD
FROM CAPE NOME
SEATTLE. Wash.. Aiifc. 20.— The steam- i
er Roanoke arrived to-night from St.
Michael, Alaska, with 350 miners and gold
dust estimated at (150,000. Mont of this
was brought out of the Cape Norn- dis
trict. G. \V. Price of San Francisco has
the largest individual amount, about $60,
--000. The failure of tho Roanoke to bring
a larger amount of gold dust from Daw
son i.s explained by the fact that she
failed to mako connection? with the Yu
kon River boats at St. Michael.
The Roanoke brings further particulars l
of the foundering of tho river steamer
Louise. July 31. with three barges, two of
which carried United States Government
supplies, near tho mouth of the Yukon in :
a storm. The Louise has )•■•. n raised and
taken to St. Michael for repairs. IWt
hill! is badly damaged and her
works are badly twisted. The total loss
on the steamer is estimated at t !
of the !■;! ru- a and Its < •■'■'^ ■. con
sisting of Kupp!i.-.s for Fort Gibj
tal loss. The cargo was valued at
130.000. It consisted of quartermaster's
stores, commissary stores and fodder for
cattle. U was not insured. Captain Reu
bens has sent a requisition to the quarter-,
master's departn. Ban FT) -co to'
duplicate the consignment.
With average good luck It will hp pos
sible to get a barge up the river to Kort
Gibson before the Ice comes In. The barge ;
was valued at 11^.000. The othei two
barges were recovered, wirh their cargoes
but slightly daman.-.!. One carried army
supplies for Forl Egbert and the other
carried goods belonging to the Alaska
Commercial Company. They have -
started up the river again. This wijl pr ■': -
ably be the last voyage of the Roanoke to
St. Michael this year, as negotiations are
pending for her transfer to the Govern
ment as a transport.
No Trouble in Malagua
Sp*»<Mal Cable to The Tall and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by Jarr.es Gor
don Bennett.
PANAMA, Aug. 20.— The Herald's spe
cial correspondent in Malagua advises
that there is no foundation f^r reports of
interior political troubles. General Aure- !
lio Escada and other political authorities
have been removed from Blueneldß, so
quietness has been restored in that sec
tion of country. Relations with Costa I
Rica continue friendly.
Stricken With Aphasia.
NEW YORK. Aug. 20.— Word came to
night through telegrams to the Bellevue
Hospital that General I'utterfleld, ehalr
rrfan of the Dewey reception committee,
had been stricken with aphasia at his
summer home, Cold Bpringi, on the Hud
son. Four or five telegrams to Bellevue
Inquired for I>r. James, an expert In
nervous diseases, and they rwjui=ti 1
that the doctor be sent to Cold Springs at
once.
"FATHERS OF THE CHURCH."
The Editor of the Catholic World
Magazine Delivers an Eloquent
Sermon at Old St. Mary's.
The Rev. A. P. Doyle delivered an elo
quent address to the congregation of Old
St. Mary's last evening. Father Doyle,
who was born In San Francisco, Is now
In charge of the literary work of the
Paulist Fathers at New York, being the
editor of the Catholic World. lie spoke
last night of the "Future of the Church,"
in part, as follows:
The nineteenth century, with all its mar
velous changes In the political, industrial and
nodal orders, is the John the Baptist among
the centuries— the precursor of a spiritual
awakening. While It ma;' be foolish to as
sume the role of a prophet, still one can easily
argue from signs that are to events that will
be. It may be definitely stated that the trend
of all the great movements, as well as the
result of all the wonderful changes of thk
century, will be a more widespread Intellec
tuality, a closer brotherhood, an.l consequently
a deeper spirituality. There Is no stronger pas
sion In the human heart than that of re
ligion. Very few hearts have ever been with
out some movements of it, and by all odds
the largest majority of men have been stirred
to the highest heroism through its prompt-
Ings. The upward and onward struggle of
humanity -for better living, greater freedom
and higher existence will only more and mora
develop the religious sentiment In the heart.
Unless all signs fall we may consequently ex
pect In the early years of the coming cen
tury a wonderful revival of the religious spirit.
The Catholic church Is gaining recruits to
her standards by the thousands, and this not
only among the common people, but among the
brightest and best in the land. Cardinal Gib
bons estimates the yearly Increase of converts
to the Catholic church to be 30,000. The move
ment which took the form of giving missions
to non-Catholics is now bearing the richest
harvests. This movement takes for its motto:
••We come not to conquer, but to win." It
says we are right and we can prove It. It
gathers people of all religions and of no re
ligion, and it explains the truth of Catholic
belief to them. All over the country is this
work carried on, particularly by the diocesan
clergy, with the best result*.
■ ♦ «
In Bad Company.
J. Paradese, proprietor of the Now York
Sign Company, at 429 Geary street, fell !
among thieves yestf-rday afternoon in a
Dupont street saloon, and upon objecting
to their pernicious practices was severely
beaten by a gang of them. Three of the
fellows, ft. Ferro. Joseph Marano and Jo
seph Crudo, were arrested and charged
with battery at the California-street Po
lice Station. Paradese claims that after '
being Invited to participate in a game of
cards he found he was being robbed. He
called a halt to the proceedings, i here
upon he was assaulter! by :i mob, =ome r,f
whom had knives and others brass knuck
les. Officer Sllva, who happened to be
passing 1 , Interrupted the fight and made
the arrests. Marano is Bald to have been I
In trouble before. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 21, 1899.
THE CHRISTIAN
ENDEAVOR IS ON
THE MUD FLATS
Broke Down and Was
Driven Ashore.
ADVENTURE OF THREE BOYS
ADRIFT IN A BOAT FOB NEARLY
THREE HOURS.
Very Few Tickets for the Excursion
to Meet the Sherman Left — Ah
Sam's Bitter Experience
on the Wilder.
The launch Christian Endeavor, owned
by the Golden Gate Association of Chris
tian Endeavorers, is a wreck on the Ala
meda shore and a party of the Endeavor
ers had to reach shore yesterday by wad
ing through half a mile of mud and water. '
For a long time it has been the custom
Of the association to send a band of En
deavorers onc< or twice through the week
and every Sunday to ships in the bay.
Services are held aboard and a number of j
tracts an.l some literature are distributed i
among the sailors. Yesterday the launch j
was sent nut in spite of the northwester I
that was blowing at the rateof twenty-five .
miles an hour on the bay. All went well ;
until midstream was reached, when the ■
machinery broke down. Those aboard |
waved signals of distress and did every- i
thing possible to attract attention, but |
in vain.
For over an hour tho Endeavours drift- j
ed about in their frail launch and then she j
was driven hard and fast on the Alameda ;
mud flats. A submerged rock went
through the boats bottom and she grad- I
ually filled up t'> a level with the tide. .
Then the young men took off their shoes
and stockings, roiled up their trousers and
carried the ladies ashore. Upon returning j
to this Hide they tried to charter the tug ,
Ida \V. but Captain James had chasi 1
all the derelicts he was looking for that j
day and besides his boat drew too much ;
water. Then they went to Joe Kane and j
he went over in the I.risk. but could ii"t
get near the stranded launch on account I
of low water. If she does not go to pieces j
to-night the boat will be towed off to- .
morrow.
Captain Dan James hnd a long chase in |
tig Ida \V yesterdny after three boya j
in a skiff. The youngsters' names are '
McNulty, Manor and Johnson, and they I
live on Townsend street, between Second I
and Third. Yesterday they went aboard
Whitelaw'a wrecking scow Catalina. See
ing noh.idy around they got into the skiff
that wan alongside, and using a piece of |
plank for an oar paddled away. Once away
from the wharves the wind took control
Of the party and the youngsters were in •
a bad way when the Ida \v came along.
The tug was towing the schooner Ruby
A. Cousins and had to make Channel,
street In time to catch the Fourth street
bridge. ■ Captain James could not stop,
therefore, to pick up the boat, but rushed i
the schooner through the bridge as quick- j
ly as possible and then went in search '
of the boys. By this time they were ha'.f
way across the bay and it took the Ida
W 'half an hour to catch up with them, i
The boys were lying in the bottom of i
the skiff crying when the tug went along- ;
side. They had given themselves up for
lost and were correspondingly relieved |
when they found themselves aboard tne j
tug.
People who want to meet the Sherman
when she comes in with the California
aboard had hotter hurry up and get
their tickets. Every steamer has been j
sold out except the Piedmont. Berkeley
and Pride of tho River, and these boats j
will only accommodate 2400 people, rnder i
no consideration will more than a given |
numbei of tickets be sold, as the commit-;
tec in charge is determined there shall
be no ■rowding. There are left, there
fore, 1"" ; tickets for the Berkeley, 1000 i<-r :
the Piedmont and tOO for the Pride of the
River. No more will be issued.
Ah Sam. cook of the chip Spartan, got a
btfcting on the barkentlne S. G. Wilder!
that he will not forget in a !
hurry. His wounds were dressed by Or. ■
Rice" at the Harbor Receiving Hospital. j
The <-..ok on the Wilder was not a sue- i
LSt trip and Captain Jackson asked
tan to gel him another one. Sam
tried but failed and yesterday went
rd the harkt-ntlne to tell the captain
of his failure. ■ He ran across the old
cook as soon as he crossed the gangplank
and the result was a badly battered Sam
when the Wilder's cook was through with
him. Ah Sam is going to have his enemy
arrested.
Jack Farrell of ?,l Lindley avenue got
Into a row on the front yesterday and had
his jaw fractured by a knock-down blow.
He wa.s treated at the Harbor Hospital.
The Government has started fencing in
the additional portion of Folsom street
wharf granted It by tho Harbor ('ommis- ',
s-iomrs last week. The slip will he dredg
ed to-day and when that fob Is completed
transports will be able to lie at the
southern side of the dock.
Th>> schooner Herman arrived from Ko
diak yesterday in the very tine time of i
thirteen days. She left in port the
schooners Rattler, Charles F. Woodbury ;
and Maksouton*.
THE DREYFUS TRAGEDY
Discussed From the Pulpit by Rev.
William Rader Last Evening.
Rev. William Rader's sermon on the
"Dreyfus Tragedy" was received by the
congregation of the Third Congregational
Church last night with hearty applause.
The able pastor of * that well-known
church did not mince words in his dis
cussion of the persecution now going on
in the French capital. He chose as his
text Matthew, vltil; 2, 3. In part he said:
The Dreyfus tragedy Is n reproduction and
revelation of the baser passions of the human
heart, and at the samp time an expression of
conscience, courage and ■ desire for justice.
In conspiracy It in likened to Macbeth, and
the conspiracy depicted by Shakespeare in his
Julius Caesar. Race and religious hatred is
at the bottom of thin affair. It is France
against the Jew. Dreyfus has Riven the world
an example of the former to suffer alone in
prison, rut off from associations. He had for
aids, first, hip conscience. His letters to his
wife Indicate his self respect and Innocence.
Secondly, the support of his wife, who has
proved herself to be to her husband what the
wife of Uurke was to him, and the wife of
Phillips was to the orator of Hoston's mobs.
Thirdly. Zola, a* brave as a lion and as mag
nificent as the thunder rolling across the sky,
defended him to the last, and Is to be thought
of with the Garrisons, the Beechers and the
Lincolns of history. Fourthly, the God of
Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, the God of Moses,'
of Elijah and the chosen people of Israel was
his support.
Public pinion in Paris predicts his convic
tion. The court before which he 13 tried Is
a travesty on Justice. It Is a dlKgrace to
France, regardless of the guilt of the soldier-
Jew. Its decision will probably produce a civil
war. Outraged justice breeds mobs.
There is an eternal law of justice not only
in the Sermon on the Mount, but in life. That
law Is the prophecy of the time when It will
be shown that the beam In the eye of the
French army is of more consequence than the
mote in the eye of Dreyfus. ,
■ ♦ .
The Dead Pugilist.
Hey. W. E. Dugan of Simpson- Memorial
U. P. Church delivered a short sermon
last night on the death of Boxer Fruney.
In part he said:
As the result of a prizefight Wednesday
evening, one of the pugilists Is dead and an
other black spot has been added to the record
of our city. We can scarcely call ou.wlvi"?
an Intelligent and strong-minded peopla when
the brute propensities m. predominate that we
are satisfied with nothing short of human
flesh and blood with which to feed our do
praved appetites. Franey was literally sacri
ficed to feed the bloodthirsty cravings of the
low and. vicious sporting element of San r"r'/i
--clkco; sacrificed because ho fought not for t\,n
but for money offered by the people present
to have him fight to appease the lowest ap
petites of their brute natures. We shudder
with horror at the thoughts of the cannibalism
of the savage islands of the south seas, but
the sports of San Francisco complacently nit
down to feed on the flesh and blood of a prize
fighter. /;/..",
■ ♦ ■
Bobbed a Drugstore.
Ed Dnußherty and James Purry, two
youthful criminals under 20 years of age.
•rere discovered by E. J. Thompson and
Frank Smith atemptlng to rob J. W. Fal
ters pharmacy, at Twenty-first and Mis
sion streets, last night about 1L:45 o'clock.
They were quickly apprehended and
lodged at the Seventeenth-street Police
Station under the charge of burglary.
Cologne and other articles were found
upon them. Both have a criminal record.
"REBIRTH OF THE SOUL."
Dr. J. A. Anderson Gives an Interest
ing Lecture at the Academy
of Sciences Hall.
Dr. Jerome A. Anderson gave a most
interesting lecture on the reincarnation of
the Joul at the hall of Academy of
Sciences last evening. The speaker's
treatment of the subject was masterly.
In part, he said:
Philosophy demands a reason for existence,
and this reincarnation satisfies by showing
that the soul Is evolving by means of repeated
ly returning: to earth into a god-like being, and
one worthy of and fitted for Immortality. This
v\xrld would be but a chaos If the soul came
hJre but once, and the hapoy accident of
death a few minutes after birth assured eter
nal haDDlneps, while for one who struggled
through a lonsr life of honest endeavor eternal
suffering Is dealt out because of some doubtful
ethical failure.
The soul Is a conscious unit and conserves
its own experiences; eternally broadening and
widening its character through repeated re
birth until It at last becomes god-like, and the
neces»ity for reincarnation ceases. It is dif
fering decrees of evolution which make dif
fering grades of character, for the progress of
any soul depends upon its own exertions.
Genius, the Inflni differences In capacity
which we see in men, are but the result of the
exertions of the *r.ul in past lives, and are due
to n»>-t.ier favoritism nor accident.
DELEGATES WILL
FIGHT UNIT RULE
REPUBLICANS ARE NOT OF ONE
ACCORD.
Chairman Dodge's Plan May Give
Rise to Trouble in the
Convention.
The adoption of the unit rule on Satur
day night by the delegates of the Central
Republican League has caused more dis
cussion than any other occurrence in local
politics for some time past. Although the
rule was adopted as the plan of procedure
for the coming convention it was done
only after a hard fight and much hot dis
cussion. There was a strong element in
the caucus in favor of permitting all fac
tions of the party to name the County
Commltteemen in the districts in which
they won out, and it is likely that they
will combine with the Kelly and Crimmins
delegation on that point when they get
together on Wednesday.
Charlie Nagle of the Thirty-sixth led
the fight against Mr. Dodge's resolution
to adopt the unit, and his delegation bolt
ed thr> caucus when it was adopted. Nagle
said yesterday that he was voicing the
opinions of many other delegates in the
hall and that they had not finished the
fight yet. He denied that he was working
in the interests of Kelly and Crimmins.
but said that if tho unit were allowed to
prevail and the bosses were robbed of the
representation they had won the party
would lose just that many votes at the
election. Mr. Dodge, on the other hand.
says the adoption of his resolution was
another signal of victory over the bosses.
and that there is little danger of losing
their voting strength, as they will have
to openly desert the party to do any
harm.
The candidate crop is growing. One of
the most, prominent of recent announce
ments is that of Edward Head, the School
Director, who Is out for the nomination
for Sheriff. Mr. Head wa.s promised the
nomination lant year, but for political
reasons withdrew. Ho is a prominent
Eagle and a Native Son and controls a
pnlid delegation from thp Thirty-seventh.
He is confident that he will be awarded
the place he seeks on the ticket.
Supervisor Bylngton. another Native
Son. will shortly announce hid candidacy
for District Attorney on the Democratic
ticket, and ex-Food Inspector James
Dockery is hard at work In his fight for
Sheriff Martin's chair.
■ ♦ ■
Beer Was Asphyxiated.
An autopsy hold on the remains of n.
Beer, the commission merchant, who died
last Saturday, revealed the fact that, gas
had been the cause of death. The only
question remaining now is whether or not
lu-er took his own life. Mystery pur
rounried the entire affair at Brtt from the
fact that the relatives of the deceased
gave out the story that Boer had fallen
down stairs, when they knew ho was suf
fering from the effects of asphyxiation.
» ♦ .
Turned in False Fire Alarm.
A false alarm of firp was turned in from
box 96, at the corner of Ellis and Taylor
streets, about 11 o'clock last night. A
similar alarm was sent in from the same
box about six weeks ago. Both evidently
came from some of the auxiliary boxes,
and the officers are working to discover
the perpetrators of the contemptible busi
ness.
•■ ♦ »
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
ORANIi HOTEL.
J D Hey wood & w, In<l J H Darrah & w, N T
Miss F Heywood, Ind Miss E F Darrah X J
X E Pollock, England C, L Fisher, Denver
.1 M Dunlgan, Sacto J E Janaen, Eureka
<; Van Gordon. DanvlljJ S McNeil & w, md
A Vatrome /i w, s Jse|H Magee. Cnl
A T Van ■!•■ Water, i X E Bunker, c l
Seattle W >; Clark. Chicago
A Erlcksnn, Seattle Miss A c Gibbet Chi?
j w Covey, Cal G C Baaaett Sacto
J I 'aland. Phlladf>];>h Dr H S Bayless, L A
L B Choisser. L Ai.g J L Rltter & w Reno
J H Bacon. Schfllville n a Chadderden Sac
L Thompson, Vallcjo . C II Schenileg, Cal
i' H Welnrlch. Bt,?tO J L Rogers. T^nn
Capt Carroll Ist Colo Mrs M Crammattee,
\V Johnson & w, Hay- Aberdeen
wards Mrs A II Marsh. Aber-
G E Murdock Healdbg deen
H Strong. Pasadena F L Buttrlck & w Cal
It M Strong. Paudna A D Thommel, Cal
W Wlckens, Pasadena Mrs V Pancy, Cal
v Western, Vancouver A w Franklin, Seattle
J Ward, Vancouver I A H Kellogg, Seattle
F E Harris. Ashland H 0 Ruchert. Seattle
F W Phelpa. Los Ang Dr B B Cory, Cal
Miss Phelps, Los Anil R M Peck. Jamestown,
Mrs I'hflj'K. J . >.« \ii£ Mrs A .1 Regan. Cal
C E Day. Los Ana; Dr E Zllpello, Cal
\V Purdy. Victoria Mrs W Mason & nurse
F Purdy. Victoria Phila
SAD Porter. Eureka! Mrs E Bothwall, Cal
A Johnston. Petrolla I E Harkness, Chlco
•I Walker A >v, S Rosa ' Mrs X Harkness & d,
MrsL Evans. Napa Chlco
H E Potter, Needles Mr* C F Foster. Cal
R G Zahn, Oakland Miss N Foster, Cal
W C Whitman, I>os A Miss M Hoag, Corning
A N Campbell, Cal Miss C Hoag, Corning
H Johnson, Sacto B R Woodworth, Cal
C B Constable, L Ang B Meirson, C a l
J R "Wilson. Sacto E M Carr. Los Ane
J Treskow. Cal G W Ford. Cal
M F Dillon, Pt Costa C B Constable. I, An*
C Westover. Cal A Eckman & w Cal
J L Felton, Cal Mrs W E Bunker. Cal
J Smith. NY WE Bunker, Cal
J R Henry. Ccl M Mason, Phlla
F Kelk-y. Cal W Fostner. X V
C, L Dohaffer, c a l J Smith, Cal
L W Shlnn, Cal E Ston<>, N V
J Doan, Arizona C R Rusby, Mo
S Bun k fam, L Ang A G Engle, New Mcx
F E McClear, Cal J Kearns, Stockton
R P Morrell. Cal I
PALACE HOTEL.
II J Small. Sacto C H Mooprs Los Ang
A Rapp, Oakland F F Sharpless. Cal
Mrs Rapp, Oakland w E Bartholomew
E Knight, Los Ang , N J
R Root Denver J M McDonald. Cal
Mrs Root & c, Denver Mrs J M McDonald,
Miss J Lawrence. la j Cal
H T Gage, Sacto Mrs W E Swain, Ohio
M Lebuny, Paris C B Paine, Ohio
Hon A Stantln. En^c Mrs C B Paine, Ohio
A Schilling, Oakland jH E Paine, Ohio
R G Zahn, Oakland J H Paine. Ohio
C A Whitman. L Ang W W Hobbs, -Boston
5 H Wakefleld, Pa IV A Clark, Boston
Mra Suleman, Ind E B Yerrlngton, Nev
J A Ferson. Cal Mrs E B Yerrlngton,
M H Starr, N V ! Nev
A II Howett. Chicago B it Hutchlnson, Pa
Miss L Wheeler, N* V J R R Crawford Pa
A Maekenrenta. NYC Dobblestein, Minn
P X Wood, Phlla E C Voorhies. Cal
Mrs Wood. Phila Mrs <; Randolph. Term
Miss May Wood, Pa | C H Goodykobltsky,
Miss Etta Wood. Pa I Chicago
Miss Bess Wood. .Pa jG T Bishop, Ohio
Miss Gavlte. Pa ! Mrs G T Bishop, Ohio
II A Wheeler. Chtro J T Hamilton. N V
Mrs Wheeler. Chicaro > Mrs J T Hamilton, NY
VI Wheeler, Chicago Miss G Hamilton, N V
) Wormser. N V Miss E Hamilton. N V
" M 'Bullock. Chicago « C Hamilton, N y
Mrs A Vauneman. L A J R Pierce, N V
J H Carawell. Seattle D Schwab, x y
W a Metcheff. Mass IB O McCormick. Cal
Mrs- W A Metcheff, I Mrs E O McCormlck,
Mass I Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E F Ostberg & wf. Cal B P Wlnkook. Pittsbg
6 W Blake &w. Cal L H Salan, Lis An*
S Reynolds, S Jose F Smith, Lob Bams
B Fisher, Callstoga Mrs Johnson San Jose
J Rhine, Clayton Mrs S M Davidson, Wsh
C W Seyde, NY Mrs B Brown, Wash
J Hogan. Fresno I Mrs M Cate, Wash
C H Lowe. Seattle Mrs J A Boyd, Wash
Mrs Wilder, Tacoma ' J J O'Rlordan, t*O.t!d
E L Dyson. Calistoga R Drake & w, Portlnd
D J Edgar, Callstcga H Montgomery, Frsno
P L Crane, Newman R Stewart, Ccioasro
E Paynter. Redwood B Steam, Chicago
J Mulroy. Fresno i H Williams, Mary.ivll*
J Price. San Jose C L Thornton, Boston
R J Campbell. NY O C Otrle. Lompoc
J Murtha, San Rafael J H.Cawley. Ct* Grve
AII Salan, L. Banos ,C L. Moore, Petaluma
AGRARIAN ISM
IN GERMANY
Movement Is Gaining in
Strength.
OPINIONS OF AN EXPERT
INTEBVIEW WITH ATTACHE OF
GERMAN EMBASSY.
Speaks Concerning the Status of the
Meat Inspection Bill and the
Exports of Sugar to This
Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20.— Baron vnn
Herman, agricultural expert of the Ger
man Embassy, is back from a visit to
Germany, where he observed the progress
of the meat inspection bill in the Reich
stag and noted the development of the
Agrarian movement which is having such
a marked influence on German affairs, in
cluding the question" of exporting German
beet sugar to the United States. When
asked as to the status of the meat inspec
tion bill he said:
"The bill was brought before the
Reichstag last spring, but a strong oppo
sition developed among Agrarian mem
bers on the ground that the Government
measures were too friendly to the United
I States. About that time a provision was
i placed in the agricultural appropriation
bill passed in this country, giving the
Secretary of Agriculture authority to ex
clude such imports as he considered mi
i jurious to health. This provision was
directed against certain German products,
such as toys which, it was said, might
!be injurious to hen lth because of the
| paint on them. At all events this pro
! vision caused a bad feeling in Germany
I and madtj it more difficult fur the Gov
i eminent to secure the passage of the meat
i inspection bill. It was referred by the
| Reichstag to a committee which had full
power to determine which course was to
Ibe adopted. The committee reported ad
versely and that was equivalent to a re
fusal by the Reichstag to take any action.
ilt may be brought forward again, a?
there really ought to be some modification
of the present law. But It is too early
to say what the future plans will be as
| the Reichttagr is adjourned until Novem
i ber, and everything is at a standstill
; through the summer. It is probable, how
| over, that the Government will consult
with the leaders, and see if some under
standing can be reached on the measure."
Concerning the Agrarian movement,
! Baron yon Herman said: "It is very
! strong, and is turning Its attention to the
'■ interests of the agricultural classes of
I Germany. Tlu- sugar question is essen
: tially an Agrarian one. Our sugar inter
ests are seriously injured by the tax and
countervailing duties 1n the American
tariff law and the Agrarians hold that
'. this not only prejudices their industry.
but that it is a discrimination against
them. They feel U most because it
touches their point and as the results of
their labor, but. above tnis is the consid
eration that the system is not right, being
! a discrimination. They contend that the
question should be dealt with on broad]
j grounds. In the final analysis it comes i
down )" this pimple question:
"Shall there be a development of the
cane industry of uncivilized, semi-bar
barous countries, or shall there be a con
: tinuation of sugar products of civilized
i countries, which are able to buy things
I in return? As the United States does not
product- the sugar actually required by
consumers, a supply must come from out
side sources. Now, it is to the inter
est of this country to buy of the German
producers, rather than turn to the cane
Industry of Java, for example, when Java
, can give little or no return for the pur
chase made of her."
"Moreover, it should be understood."
! added Baron yon Herman, "that the Ger
! man Government derives $30,000,000 out of
the taxes on the sugar industries of the
country, while it pays back as export !
bounties only about 98,000,000, so as a mat- I
ter of fact the bounty comes out of the i
pocket of the sugar producer, instead of !
the treasury, as it is a part of the tax ■
which the producer has paid on his in- j
1 dustry. It is somewhat in line with the i
American revenue tax on mixed flour, !
: which is refunded to the producer in case i
the flour is exported."
On the whole Baron yon Herman seems ■
to think that these pending questions can
be solved to the satisfaction of both sides,
and that a public understanding of the j
legislation Involved will solve half the !
difficulty. Both nations, in his judgment, j
are too far advanced not to see that their
interests lie in the development of their
already existing trade, and not, as he
Bays, "building up a Chinese wall against
the outside world."
U. C. CREW -TO ROW
AGAINST BRITISHERS
Great Interest Developed in the In
ternational Race to— laj^e
Place at Astoria.
ASTORIA, Augr. 20.— Devotees of rowing,
of whom about 10,000 arc now in Astoria,
I are greatly worked up to-night over the
big Internationa] race which takes place
to-morrow morning. In this contest are
I entered the Alameda and University of
California crews, representing the Ameri
can Side of the race, while the English
i representation consists of a crew picked :
fmm the finest oarsmen of Vancouver j
■ and Victoria, B. C. No other event ever !
! held on the Pacific Coast baa attracted so !
i much attention, and there has been so j
1 much said of it that interest \6 almost en
tirely centered on the race.
The British Columbians had their shell
oui tor an hour this morning for the first
I time. The river was not smooth, but the
! Northerners went over the course several
! times, and expressed themselves as being
■ well satisfied with It. The Californlans
also were out, but returned after a short
i Hpin. Each of the three crews has a
i large number of admirers, and the colors
worn yesterday in honor of the athletes
! have been supplanted by the colors of
I the several crews. Much betting has been
done on the race, which fs thought by
many to lie between the Alamedans and |
the Britishers. Fine weather is probable j
and a new record will doubtless be estab- j
lished. Bach crew realizes that it has ;
the race of a lifetime on its hands and ;
; each Is determined to come out victorious, j
j The launches bearing Governor Geer, his \
j staff, Commodore Edwards, Admiral Day
and other dignitaries, arrived this after- i
1 noon. They were met upon their arrival :
i by a marine procession from this city
and the entire contingent steamed up to I
the city with banners flying and bands |
playing. The Governor and his party
were accorded a hearty reception.
The exercises will open to-morrow with i
the crowning of the Queen. The ceremony j
I will take place at the grand stand, where
i the throne has been erected and will be ■
j participated in by Governor Geer, Mayor
! Bergman and other prominent men of the
j State. To-morrow night the Pacific Coast
I Association of Amateur Oarsmen will be
organized at the Chamber of Commerce.
All the coast clubs, which are now repre- j
sented here, will join in tho organization,
I the future of which is bright. Officers |
will be elected and a constitution adopted. '
To-day an Immense crowd went to the i
' seaside, where a Sunday programme was !
: carried out. The main attraction was the
! life-saving exhibition given by Dr. Fred
j crick Rieul of San Francisco. The doctor
I himself went out into the breakers and
1 gave a demonstratoon of the efficiency of
his apparatus, and later sent out two men.
j While they were returning the kite drop- ;
ptd into the water, and for a time there i
was much excitement, many fearing the;
men would drown. They finally reached !
shore, after a hard swim against the ebb- :
ing tide.
Tennis Cracks Coming.
NEWPORT, R. 1., Aug. 20.— A1l ar-
rangements have been made by George
Wright of Boston to take an all-Eastern
team through the Pacific Coast next
week to play in an intersectional lawn
tennis tournament. The players selected
for the trip are the national champion,
Malcolm D. Whitman, Holcombe Ward
and Dwigtit F. Davis, the great Harvard
team, and the interscholastlc champion,
Beals C. Wright, also of Harvard. This
quartet, who are easily the representa
tive players of the East, will play in a
series of round-robin tournaments. They
will meet the best men on the courts of I
the coast.
■»♦ ■ ,
EASTERN BASEBALL.
Resume of the Games Played in the
National League.
CINCINNATI, Aug. Breltenstein pitched
a miserable game to-day and was poorly sup
ported, which gave the visitors an easy vic
tory. Sej-boldt played his first game with the
Reds and made a poor showing. Powell kept
the ten hits made oft! him well scattered.
Attendance 7800. Score:
R. H. E. I
Cincinnati 1 10 6'
St. Louis 10 9 1
Batteries— Rreltenstein. "Wood and Peltz;
Powell and Criger. Umpires— O'Day and Me- ;
Garr.
CHICAGO, Aug. 20.— The Orphans won and j
lost to-day. The game with Cleveland was i
a wild exhibition on both sides. Chicago's
loose playing, together with five hits, gave
the tall-enders six runs, two to the good. in
the ninth. Then Schmidt went wild, filling
the bases, and Mertes cleared them by a hit far i
over D)wd'g head. Cunningham for Louis- ]
ville was a complete puzzle to the locals, al- |
lowing but one hit with men on bases. His
support was perfect, while Griffith's was
ragged and hits oft. htm were made at the right
time. Ryan and Defter were injured and ;
forced to retire. Attendance 9SOO. Score, first
game: R. H. E.
Chicago S 8-6
Cleveland ■ 10 5
Batteries— Cogan and Chance; Schmidt and
McAllister. Umpires— Swartwood and Dwyer.
Score, second tame:
R. H. E.
Chicago 0 8 3
Louisville 3 10 0
Batteries— Griffith and Donahue: Cunning
ham and Zilmmer. Umpires— and !
Swartwood.
— ♦-. ■
BENEFIT CONCERT BY
SOCIETY AMATEURS
Handsome Purse Raised for an Un
fortunate Old Man at Bartlett
Springs.
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Aug. 20.— The j
social event of the season was a benefit
concert given last evening by volunteer
amateur talent for the benefit of Joe j
Bryant, an old man who is an invalid, de- j
formed and dependent. Messrs. H. Grau |
and H. Howe of Sacramento and Miss j
Rebe Levison and Mrs. Spencer of San j
Francisco conceived the idea and succeed- j
ed in interesting the guests at the '■
springs. The concert was held in the big
ballroom, which was crowded to its ut
most capacity. Dr. John Dunn of Oak
land acted as stage manager, and A. H. j
Be ncr and Thomas B. Pheby officiated ,
as - eneral and assistant managers..
u.ie first number on the programme
was a piano and violin overture by
Messrs Lee and Hahn. Miss Lottie Davis
rendered a very pretty "Creole Love
Song," and as an encore sang "Oft- |
Times." Miss Etta Christie of Lakeport
rendered a very pretty piano solo. ■ The
Dealy brothers gave a burlesque cake
walk, which evoked a storm of applause.
Miss Rebe Levison of San Francisco sang
"Grand Valse," and for an. encore, "O.
Promise Me." B. B. Robinson, a young j
San Francisco attorney, recited. "Asleep
at the Switch," with most excellent dra
matic effect. Mrs. O'Neil of Sacramento |
sang, "For All Eternity." and for an j
encore a pretty little ballad entitled, "I
Once Had A Sweet Littte Doll." George
L. Dealy gave some excellent imitations
of dogs, chickens and other animals and
birds. Mrs. Fred Leitler of Nevada City
sang, "First Worship," and for an en
core. "A Sweet Bunch of Daises." Mas
ter Norman Doane gave two piano solos
entitled, "Bird of the Forest" and the
"Robin Call," both of which were ex
quisitely rendered. Mrs. J. Fraunfeld of
San Francisco sang "Dost Thou Know
That Sweet Land?" The audience sang
"The Star Spangled Banner" and "Nearer ]
My God To Thee," and adjourned after i
giving three cheers for the California |
Volunteers and three more for the ladies. j
The concert was a success artistically
and financially.
.»
MOB THREATENS TO
LYNCH A POLICEMAN
Excitement in Redlands Over the
Killing of Charles R.
Hawley.
REPLrANDS, Auk. 20.— Charles R. Haw
ley, who was shot last night b3 r Policeman
Walker, died at 1 o'clock this morning.
Excitement reached fever heat last night
and a subscription was raised to buy a
rope to lynch Walker.
The man he was after was Ed Daniels,
who had committed a misdemeanor in
selling liquor in this prohibition town.
Hawley was simply helping him to es
cape, and was outside city limits, and be
yond the jurisdiction of Walker when
sln>t. Walker was arrested to-day and
charged with murder. He was hurried to
the County Jail for safety. A post-mortem
examination to-day showed that the ball
from Walker's revolver entered Hawley's
head above the left ear. coming out at
the bark of the head, showing that he
looked back as Walker tired. The dead
man was about 32 years old and divorced.
He had a daughter about 10 years old
in the mountains. He was to have been
married next month. His fiancee is nearly
crazed by the tragedy. Last winter ne
served twenty-five days in the City Jail
for selling liquor in Redlands.
TWO FRENCH OFFICERS
KILLED IN THE SOUDAN
Lieutenants Klopp and Mounier, Suc
cessors of Captains Voulet and
Chanoine. Assassinated.
PARIS, Aug. 20.— Intelligence has been
received from the French Soudan indi
cating that Lieutenant Klopp and Lieu
tenant Mounier, who were sent to take
command of a column of troops there,
have both been assassinated.
The assassinated officers were sent out
to replace Captain Voulet and Captain
Chanojne. who were recalled for barbar
ous cruelties to the natives.
The Figaro prints a story according to
which the assassinated officers were killed
by a discharge of rifles ordered by Cap
tain Voulet out of revenge. Lieutenant
Klopp having been the means of his re
call by undertaking an inquiry into the
charges of the barbarity.
OFFICERS NEEDED AT APIA.
Malietoans Still Believe in the Suc
cess of Their Party.
LONDON, Aug. 21.— The correspondent
of the Times at Apia, Samoan Islands,
under date of August 7, urges prompt
action by the powers in the appointment
of permanent officials.
He says "until the arrival of the per
manent "officials a section of the Malie
toans will continue to believe in the ulti
mate success of their party. An in
fluential deputation of Mataafan chiefs
waited on the Government last
Wednesday and complained that
the party of Malietoans in dis
regard of the instructions of the
commissioners was settling in and
around Apia with the design of forming
a government, and was insulting the
Mataafans who visited Apia. The Con
suls promised to inquire and are now con
sidering the matter."'
♦
Indian Forger Arrested
UKIAH, Aug. 20.— Jesse Brown, the ac
complice of Homer Sperry, who was ar
rested at Redding several days ago on
the charge of forgery, is now in the local
jail. He was arrested last night by Sher
iff Smith and Deputy Frank Mason.
Brown found a check in the road near
Redding, drawn in favor of L. K. I luff
on Wells-Fargo's Bank In San Francisco.
It was for $250. Brown forged Huff's
name and received the money. Brown is
a half-bred. When arrested he had in his
possession two suits of clothes, a new
revolver, a watch and chain, a bicycle
and $1 60 in cash. He will be taken to
Redding to-morrow for trial. This is" the
first case on record of an Indian commit
ting forgery.
—■ m ■
Deafmute Killed
SAN JOSE, Aug. 20.— Robert Lipsett. a
deafmute, was struck by an incoming
Southern Pacific passenger train from
San Francisco at 1:25 o'clock this after
noon, and received injuries from which
he died a few minutes later. The accident
occurred on a sharp curve at the intersec
tion of Autumn and Cinnabar streets. The
engineer did not see the young man until ;
he was within 100 feet of him. and cuulu
not stop the train in time to save him. !
Lipsett was a graduate of the Deaf and
Dumb School at Berkeley and a printer
by trade. He was 23 years of age, and
was the son of Isaac Lipsett, a pioneer j
resident of this county.
DELEGATES ARRIVE
IN SANTA CRUZ
Ready for the Institute
Convention.
BISHOP MONTGOMERY THERE
THE CITY IS ELABORATELY DEC
ORATED.
The Committee Has Planned an En
tertainment for Each Day
the Grand Council Is
in Session. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 20.— Th* mem
bers of the Grand Council of the Young
Men's Institute are enjoying the hos
pitality of the citizens of Santa Cruz
for the coming week. The event of tiio
day was the arrival of Bishop Mont
gomery of Los Angeles, who is to of
ficiate at the Pontiflciai mass to-mor
row. He was met at the depot by
Father McNamee, Thomas W. Kelly,
president of Santa Cruz Council,
James Hammill, J. J. Doran, George
Tait, John Leonard and James Tait.
An open carriage was in waiting. It
was decorated with American flags.
Four plumed horses were harnessed to
the carriage and the Bishop was
escorted to the priest's residence, where
a dinner was served and where he will
be the guest ul Father McNamee.
Delegates arrive on every train and
are met by the reception committee of
the local council. One of the first to
arrive was Past Grand President John
Lynch of San Francisco. The dele
gates are escorted to the Young Men's
Institute Hall, which is the general
headquarters during the celebration.
On the arrival at th? hall the delegates
find a warm welcome. The first
thing that greets the eye is the.wcrrda
on the wall '"Welcome Young Men' 3
Institute." From corner to corner and
along the sides of the wall hang fes
toons of red, white and blue
bunting.
Tables have been placed for the use
of those who wish to write letters and
a rcryal welcome is meted out to all.
Each delegate registers on his arrival
and is presented with a souvenir of
ficial programme and a Grand Council
badge. The badge is a beauty of red,
white and blue striped silk, these being;
the colors of the order. A silk ribbon
is suspended from the white celluloid
clasp with the word "Delegate" or
"Grand Officer," according to the rank
of the wearer. On the badge in gold
letters are the words "Fifteenth Annual
Grand Council Young Men's Institute,
Santa Cruz." In the center is a cel
luloid circular disk with the emblem of
the order — the cross and motto — "Pro
Deo Pro Patria" in colors.
Amung the houses decorated in honor
of the occasion Is the Racket store,
owned by Grand Marshal Thomas W.
Kelly, who is also chairman of the
committee of arrangements. Above the
door are the words "Young Men's In
stitute" and across the plate glass win
dows "Pro Deo Pro Patria." The front
is also elaborately decorated with red,
white and blue bunting. From every
window in the Courthouse on the up
per florrr are American flags. The Pa
cific Ocean House has "Welcome,
Young Men's Institute," and festoons of
bunting. The Commercial saloon also
has an elaborately decorated front.
An immfnse crowd is expected on the
excursion to-morrow mornins: from
Salinas, Monterey, Castroville and Wat
sonville. Accompanying the excursion
will be a band of music from Watson
vilk- and a baseball team from that
city. There is pleasure planned for
every day during the Grand Council
session and it is to be a week of royal
merriment.
FEMALE POISONER
BECOMES INSANE
OMAHA, Aug. 30.— A special to the Be«
from Hastings. Neb., says: Word comes
to Hastings that Miss Viola Horlocker,
who is resting under a $5000 bond charged
with having atempu-d to take the life of
Mrs. Charles F. Morey by sending her a
box of poisoned candy on April 10 last, is
now in an insane asylum at Jacksonville,
111. About two months ago Bilsa Horlock
er went to New York City to visit her sis
ter and recuperate, but it was generally
thought at that time she would not re
turn to Hastings to attend the continua
ii>>n of hf-r hearing, which was to come up
during the equity term of the District
Court. September 25. after which she was
to have been bound over to the jury term
of the District Court in December. It is
the general feeling here that Miss Hor
lncker will be properly adjudged insane,
and this celebrated case will thus ba
brought to a close.
Presented to the Pope.
ROME. Aug. 2i\— At the festival of St.
Joachim to-dfky the Pope granted an au
dience of over an hour to 300 persons, all
of whom were presented, in addition to
sixteen Cardinals and many other pre
lates. His Holiness expressed his happi
ness at being able again to celebrate th<i
feast, ami gave numerous historical rem
iniscences. He conversed freely with tha
Cardinals, and appeared in excellent
health.
IITCHCOGK SCHOOL
(LATE SELBORNE),
SJVIsT RAFAEL.
This fchool will reopen on August 29. with
handsome new buildings, heated by steam and
lighted by electricity. Every pupil haa sepa-
rate room, choice of bedrooms on first and sec-
ond floors. Steam from outside, no furnace, no
etoves. no flues In boys' quarters. The nearest
approach to a fireproof school. Arrangements
have been made for boarding pupils and carry-
Ing nn the school in the Hotel Rafael until the
buildings are completed. For catalogues, testi-
monials and references arP'y to the principal.
REV. CHARLES HITCHCOCK. San Rafael.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
MENLO PAKK. FA~N MATEQ COUNT T. CAEn.
is rebuilding with all modern Improvement*.
Will be thoroughly equipped and begin ,:■
ninth year August 16tb. Beautiful surround-
ings, home Influences. Offers superior advan-
tages (or the care and thorough training o(
boys. Accredited at the universities.
IRA G. HOITT. Ph. D.. Principal.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
S.*.\ .i:ati;c, c\l,— founded a. d. us*.
by the late Rev. Alfred I*e Brewer. D.D.
>^r catalogue and illustrated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. 8..
P»ctor and Head Master.
TRINITY SCHOOL.
QQAA WASHINGTON ST. OPENS AUO.
*J*J \J\J 7th. Prepares for college and uni-
versity; twenty-second year; corps of 11 pro-
feesois. Accredited with the University. For
catalogue of Information apply to
DR. E. B. SPALDING. Rector.
Ham in School and Van Ness Seminary,
tGACk JACKSON, COR. GOUGH ST.. a F.
lO'Tl/ Boarding and day school for girls.
Accredited by the University of California.
Opens Auguut 14. 1899. Send for prospectus.
BARAH D. HAMLIN, Principal.
78
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BTJSINESS OFFICE of the Kan Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
800 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
194! Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22tH Market Btreet. corner Sixteenth; open
enttl 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tncky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Commander}' No. 16, K. -f.
T., Golden Gate building, 625 Sutter *_»«
St.— Stated Assembly THIS EVENING IF_
at 8 o'clock. The Ord.'r of the Temple (M
will ■be conferred. All fratere are \r
courteously Invited.
J. C CAMPBELL, Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal _^_
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. ]\J\
Business and M. M. degree. /^r '
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. ■
THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at ,^/V-
-7:80 o'clock. 2 D. By order of the tS_/T
W. M. /V\
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. •
and A. M.— First degree THIS .MON- _JV-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By }K2r
order of the Master • /^r >
HARRY BAEHR. Sec.
WESTERN Addition Lodge No. <s _ ? =ii_* >
255, I. O. O. Officers and :£|j_»ga__.
members are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of Brother "wm^*
■ BEER, at 9 o'clock, Aug. 21. lsa9, from I. O.
O. F. Hall. D. REIS, N. G.
J. R. MACLEAN. R. S. •
NOTICE— AII officers and members of the Third
Infantry Regiment, N. G. C. from its earli- I
est history, are Invited to meet at Page-street !
Armory, MONDAY, Aug. 21, 1899. at 8 o'clock
p. m.. to prepare to receive returning Cali-
fornia volunteers
COL. THOS. F. BARRY,
Chairman Commit te«.
ELECTRO-MEDICAL Society will meet MON-
. DAY night at Dr. Jauney's new residence,
405 McAllister St.
THE California Debris Commission, having re- j
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic 1
process from J. S. Goodwin in the Birdseye !
Creek placer mine, at You Bet, Nevada 1
County, to deposit tailings in an old pit; "from '
Mrs. E. A. Cox, in the Washington mine, at I
Whisky Diggings, Sierra County, to deposit
tailings in Fourth Ravine, and from George
W. Stone and James J. Schenrich, in the Red
Hill gravel mine, near Diamond Springs, El
Dorado County, to deposit tailings in a ra-
vine and In Rlnggold Creek, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood
building, San Francisco. Cal., on September
4. 1599. at 1:20 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of Pa-
cific Undertakers will be held at 777 Mission
•t. on WEDNESDAY. August 23. 1599, at
*:30 p. m., for the election of directors for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before It. Transfer ]
books will close Friday, Aug. 18, at 4 p. m.
By order of the board of directors.
- -.' M C. OORHAM. Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations _ firms; ref. j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma- 1
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 825-855 Market st. ; N tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. R. PARKER, 916 Market St., room 67; advice
free; charge low; business pushed.
NAGLE .*.• NAGLE, Attorneys-at-Law, Emma
Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
L. 8. CLARK, Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W. .
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
GENTLEMAN and wife desire to share the |
comforts of a private homo in Alameda. Oak- |
land or the city; no boarding-houses or ho-
tels need answer; best of references given
and required. Box 32*2, Call office.
VAN NESS aye.. 1714— Can accommodate a
family of four In a select boarding-house with <
an. elegant large front suite, including bath;
also single and double rooms; everything new;
board the best; home comfort; location choice; '
references.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— StrictIy first-class: 1714
Market st . S. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite: board and room. $1 per day up;
suites without b°ard, $1 per day: single rooms, j
60C: special rates by month, also to tourists.-
FRUITVALE: priv. board; extensive grounds
mcl. orchard; Hopkins House. Hopkins and
Frultvale ay. ; cars pass. Ad. Diamond P. O.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath: board op.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
' S<i— Restaurant, dining rm. : con. for lunches.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
I
LADY wants unfurnished room and board in
private family; location within four blocks
of Sixth and Market sts.; state terms. Ad- |
dreES box 1408, Call office.
m—— -^— — — — — —^ —
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission st.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s3oo; FRUIT and vegetable store on Second
St.; horse, wagon; cheap rent; good paying.
Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market St.
A— s6so; SALOON: elegant furniture; dally re-
ceipts $18;' rent $60; close to Chronicle. R. G.
WILKE, 906 Market st. |
A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
point; rent $40: a good-paying store; estab-
lished years; full value in sight; all cash
trade. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s7so; CORNER grocery and .bar in Western
Addition: splendid business; first-class pay-
Ing; sickness of owner causes a bargain.
"VVILKE, SO6 Market st.
A PARTNER with $1200 wanted In old-estab-
lished country grocery store and bar; lively
"manufacturing town; 15 miles from city. K.
G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— s6oo-; NEWSPAPER and periodical route;
first-class paying; Including stock of periodi- I
cals, store fixtures and 3 furnished rooms. I
Cajl R. G. WILKE, 906 Market St.
A— $1000; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon in
wholesale district; established many years;
and doing splendid business; no low prices;
rent cheap. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
$375 — CANDY store and ice cream parlor, near j
Mechanics' Pavilion; makes own stock: 1
eteady established trade; will pay {100 a
month; bargain. COAST EXCHANGE CO.,
719 Market st.
IF you would sell your business quickly list '
with COAST EXCHANGE CO., 719 Market st. j
$650— STATIONERY store, Sixth st.; fine es-
tablished trade; must be sold at once. COAST
EXCHANGE CO., 719 Market st.
$400— PARTNER wanted; established legitimate
business: paying well; fine opening for live
man. COAST EXCHANGE CO., 719 Market.
WE have a number of good business openings
for small investors in all lines. COAST EX-
CHANGE CO., 719 Market st.
HALF interest In a business; paying $75 a
month to each $300
A choice corner saloon 500
Large list of bargains. Call PACIFIC
COAST EXCHANGE, 1007/4 Market st., near
Sixth.
$600— BRANCH bakery, notions, confectionery;
receipts $20 day; close to large school; large
stock; rent $16; 4 rms. and bath; elegant busi-
ness chance; see It. JONES & CO., 865 Mkt.
BECK & CO.. NOAH F. FLOOD. Attorney '
buy, sell and exchange real estate and busi-
' ness chances; loans and collections made. 935
Market st.
620 ACRES choice coast land to exchange; !
what have you? COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
FOR sale — Receipt of small manufacturing I
business with 200 customers; a fortune for a j
business man with small capital. Apply 1 to i
4. room 8, 230 Kearny st.
CENTRALLY located family liquor store; suit- j
able for man and wife or two parties; living !
■rooms; must sell at once: make offer; rent
cheap. Inquire at 269 Third st.
DELICACY and general store; will ex-
change for Fruitvale or city real estate. Ap-
ply at 106 Ninth st.
FOR sale— Good saloon with 3 living rooms.
2938 Sixteenth St., corner of Capp.
BRANCH bakery, candy, notions; 2 living
rooms; want an offer. 805% Filbert st. ■
WANTED— Painter and general all-round man,
not afraid of work, as partner In established
business; no money necessary. Call or ad-
dress E, 2137 Dwlght way, Berkeley, Cal.
For Rale, cheap— 6 rooms and bath near Van
Ness and Market; completely furnished; !
rooms pay rent. Box 17, Call Branch Office,
106 Eleventh st.
CIGAR and stationery store:- receipts $50 day;
long lease; low rent. 256 Third st. ._
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A GRAND opportunity for a home-seeker to
purchase at half price a ranch of SO acres of
choice level land at Fortuna, Fresno County;
don't delay, but investigate at once this genu-
ine bargain. M. A. Brooks, 12 Golden Gate ay.
$12i— LADY partner wanted; half interest;
young people's weekly: a home built quarter-
ly, tine money-making scheme. Address Ji.
BLDRIDGE, Oakland. Cal.
TINNERS and plumbers, attention; business |
for sale; established over 18 years; set of tin- j
ners' and plumbers' tools, with small stock ;
of shelf goods: man can get good-paying 1
business for $350; banner crop In county this
year. Address T. PATTISON, box 21, San
Luis Obispo.
I WANT a loan of $SOOO for 6 months at 1 per
cont month, or will take pactner with above
amount to complete contract; $25,000 profit in
contract; ample security; principals only.
Box 1363 Call office.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale In one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars inquire at Call office.
$125— BRANCH bakery for sals; established 14
years: sickness cause; tine living-rooms. 1571
Fifteenth St.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S\4l2 Sacramento st.
LIFE insurance policies bought, cash. W. R.
Nicholson, Atty & Financial Agt^lZS Eddy St.
FOR sale — Ciuar store; Al; on good corner,
south of Market. Apply to F. HOFFMAN. 106
Turk et.
FOR SALE— Grocery ; full stock; fine good?
cheap for cash. 2401 Howard st.
BARGAIN— Meat market; $200; splendid local-
ity; cash business. Apply owner, 506 Castro.
FOR sale — Good paying Inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office.
TO let— Lunch counter. Apply 236 Third st.
FOR sale— A good home bakery; particulari, at
g» Market St.. near Sixteenth. J. McElllgott.
WOOD and coal yard for sale. Apply 1106
Larkin St., bet. S and 10 a. m.
LIFE insurance policies bought, cash. W. Nlch-
olson. At'y A- Financial Act. Hackmeier Hotf
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & PON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- |
beating Works, 3."3-3 r .~ Tehama St.; tel. S. 40. |
J, MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Putter St.; |
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 30.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 _l«h j
Ft.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden j
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and T.Mlet Compounds and
Cmpound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR, I
Agent. Office and factury 21 Spear st. I
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies: remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unites the sep- 1
arated; recovers lost, stolen cr buried prop- |
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells i
your entire life. past, present and futur.-.
v.-hlle in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with special "terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
1023V4 Market St., near Sixth. Always consult
the best^ .
MME. LANGE the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails: has the greatest j
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife: fee, 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody; lucky numbers. 1167 Market St.,
bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and [
card reader; horn with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life readings;
ladies, 50c; gents, $1; sittings. $1 80. 126 Turk.
TOUR future told by cards; 25c. 619V4 Larkin
st. ; Sunday hours from 7 p. m. to 10 p. m.
MIBP A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St.. I
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card !
reader: 2">c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business j
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth
MME. AUGUST, 1149 Mission st.. clairvoyant, j
card reader and palmist; truth or no paj
MME. STBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus- j
! rind's picture, 25c; ladles. !>l4 O'Farrell st. t
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310, i' 27 Market fit.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ALMOST new cottage, 4 rooms. 3272 Folsom
St.; rent $10; key next door. j
BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms, bath: lare« \
yard; chicken-house; water free; rent $11. 130
Collins St.. near Point Lobos aye.
1 ITTAGE; 4 rooms, bath; 694 San Jose
avenue.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS 1 dental parlors. 927
Market st., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure i- d
fillings from ?1 up; other fillings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from $4 50 up- flesh colored plates from $3 50
up: teeth without plates a specialty; open
' evenings and Sundays.
A NEW ANAESTHETIC FOR PAINLESS
DENTISTRY. BTNOI
Removes the pain; an application to the j
gums and the nerves sleep, you remain Wide
awake; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted, for 20 I
ye; t rs; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, s<>c; crowns, $:', 60; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted, i
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth 1
without plates our specialty; K'lid crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 60 up; of-
floe hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2 i
p m. G. W. WILLIAMSoX. M. I)., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LXXX. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills te<>th painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4; ;
rubber or flexible plates, ?3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 year?.
DR. LUDLTJM HILL. 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a'
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOI'NG, 1841 Pott st.
METER, 6 Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays. 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. 850 Market st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. DRESSMAKING School; practical meth-
ods; terms reasonable. 104 Kearny st.
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
at McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Post.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD^^Tiusiness College, 24 Post st., San |
Francisco — Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
Ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; Individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges, teachers' examinations, etc.; special
courses in all English branches, languages,
mathematics, sciences, etc.: evening classes:
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st.. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship. $50: catalogue.
LADY teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly; 50c
an hour: excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia.
A— HOPF'S hinglne. Piano School; summer
rates, %; French, Spanish daily. Merc. Ll-
brary, 630 Golden Gate, r. 6-6-7; hours, 2 to 8.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
Ing, mech. survey, assay.archi. ; day and eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 M.-rket.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 123fi Markt.
BANJO, guitar, mandolin, piano. 25c lesson, at
pupil's home. Call or address 618 O'Farrell st.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent; translations. 1512 Cal. St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 21, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
A. L MINER gives lessons, private or class,
in Latin, mathematics, physics, etc.; 20 years'
experience. 1312 Green st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
ENGLISH literature, classes or private; special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
I^eilislc; lessons, 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
LAW Schools, 927 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic.grammar. writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHETM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant j>'j
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Female.
A competent woman with a child desires a
situation In the country; good cook and
houseworker. Apply to MISS H. CULLINAN,
823 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS waitress desires a situation;
best reference; city or country. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Hutter St., phone Main 601.
A FIRST-CLASS Infants' nurse desires a situ-
ation; best city reference. MISS H. CLL-
LINAN. 3::! Putter st^
A FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and seamstress
desires a situation. Apply to MISS H. CUL-
LINAN. C 23 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child desires situation; coun-
try. D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Norwegian girl deslree situation
as cook or housework; best local references: 1
city or country. D. OULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of first-class girls await situa-
tions. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
MOTHER and son of 14 wish home; private
family; steady, reliable; good housekeeper:
wages small. Call at 41 Madison aye., off
Harrison st.
VERY good German cook wishes situation In
private family; small washing; good refer-
ences; city or country. Address 748 Howard
St.. between Third and Fourth.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable woman; good
cook and laundress; housework; city or coun-
try : references. Sf's Geary st.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation in hotel
or private family: good cook and pastry: city I
reference. Address L., 137 Third St.
ELDERLY woman wants a place to do light
housework; city preferred. Call at 143 A Na-
toma st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do general
housework; wages $20 to $25. Apply at 152 |
Clinton Park.
YOUNG woman desires position attend phy-
sician's office or wait on elderly person or
invalid. 1231 Market st^
Q OD Beamstreas that understands all kinds :
of sewing would like a few more engage-
ments; 75c day. 231 Eleventh Ft.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements by the day. 410 Minna st.
TOUNG lady would like to do plain sewing
and mending; 60c a day. Box :il>7. Call.
POSITION by a competent girl to do cooking
or housework. Call 1225 Mission st.
RESPECTABLE woman with child 3'-i years
want- cooking or housekeeping: no trlfler
need apply. Winchester House, 44 Third st.,
E. B. BROWN.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-
.:•■: housework: good plain cook; $10 to $12 per
month. Address 2S Eighth st.
ISH girl wishes situation at general
housework; wages S.'K 1023 Vermont St.
A COMPETENT young lady wishes a position
as bookkeep, r or assistant; 4 years' experi-
ence; references. Box 1253, Call.
HAVING 3 or 4 hours each day, would like to |
get copying or envelopes to address at home;
wages very moderate. M. V. T.. 3S Bth, city.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper; call be-
tween 10 and 4. 218 Kearny st.
INEXPERIENCED stenographer and type- ]
writer will work a month without wages to
gain experience. A. M., Box 216, Builders Ex.
BY widow, position as housekeeper; city or
country : good references. Box 32H9, Call.
EXPERIENCED laundress wants work In a
family by the day. Apply 3491 i Minna St.,
•;; 1.
STYLISH dressmaking: highest satisfaction
giv^n; special inducements; prices reason-
able. Ufi Twelfth s*.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 20" rooms; 25c to $1 r.O night; $1 50 to Jfi
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggae to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Male.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment office;
best help. 414U O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
WANTED -By a young man, window or house
cleaning; all kinds of walls and wall paper
..| or other work. ANDERSON, 5."2
Bush st.: telephone East 963.
ATTENDANT to invalid gentleman or nurse
by experienced nurse and masseur: willing
to travel; highest references; low terms. Box
8288, Call office.
TOUNG man would like place to work a part
ol every day; wages $3 0(1 per week: will give
• references. Box 3259, Call office.
SITUATION by young man taking care horses.
cow, garden; good driver: handy with tools.
Address box 22s.fi, Call office.
GOOD bread baker wants position. 30S Folsom
si., rear. j
V' N'c, nian wants work: will do do any-
thing; references. Box 3251. Call office.
MAN and wife would like to get a place In i
the country; man a good farmer and wine- j
maker and wife a good cook; can give good j
references. H. S., St. George Hotel. 812
Kearny st.
ENTIRELY competent office man, expert on
credits, familiar with business in a!l forms,
desires position; salary no object. Box 1335,
Call.
YOUNG man wants position as delivery driver;
,rs' experience with one firm; can give
reference. Box 12J7, Call.
GOOD baker on cakes and bread wants posi-
tion. 14 Geary st.
POSITION by single man, age 35. in commis-
sion house; two years' experience in grocery
and produce trade; good reference as to
character and ability. Address box 1337. Call.
COOK wants situation; bakes good bread:
country preferred; good references. 529',i Sec-
ond Ft.
WANTED— Janitor or porter work by steady,
sober young man with references. Box 1560.
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable young man
holding two bank references; either as Janitor
or watchman. Address box 1258, Call office.
JAPANESE young man wants a position to
wait on table or housework in city. K. FU-
RUTA. 1526 Polk st.
RELIABLE marine engineer holding chief's
license wants position ashore; best of refer-
ences. Address box 1374, Call office.
NOTlCE— Barber wants steady Job evenings,
Saturday and Sunday. Box 1280, Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America The W<-»kly
Call, 16 pageg, sent to any address In the
T'niterl Stnt's, postpaid, for $1 per year.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
FOR weak eyes and poor sight use Mayerle's
glasses; they rest the eye, relieve muscular
strain anil preserve the sight. GEORGE
MAYERLE, German expert optician, 10714 i
Market rt., San Francisco. German eye
water by mall. 60c.
EXCHANGE.
WANTED— R»aI estate In Alameda, Oakland
and San Francisco in exchange for San
Diego city and country property. B. L.
Ml"iß, 630 Market Ft.
FLATS TO LET.
A FLAT of 8 rooms and bath; $27 50. 669 Mc-
Allister st.
A PLAT of 7 rooms and bath; $22 50. 677 Mc-
Allister st.
clayton, ST2, south of PVedertck— Mod*ro
sunny Hat; 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
DOUBLE flat of « rooms and bath; yard and
garden; rent reasonable. 658 Hayes st.
FILLMORE, 2216V4— Elegant upper flat; 6 large
rooms and bath; reduced; rent $20.
FLAT of 6 rooms. 447H Jessie st., between
Fifth and Sixth.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed I
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELt,
10 Montgomery st.
FOURTEENTH, 134, near Shotwell— Sunny 5
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
GEARY, 2223%— Sunny Hat, 3 rooms; rent rea-
sonable.
HANDSOME corner flat, 6 rooms and bath;
newly papered. Corner McAllister and Brod-
erick; rent $20.
MIDDLE fiat; 5 all sunny newly renovated
rooms. 435 i:inna St., nr. 6th; $17 mo.; no less.
MODERN bay-window flat of 4 rooms and
bath; rent $15. 24", Ninth st.
MOSS, 30 — A nice sunny upper flat of 6 rooms
and bath. Key cor Howard and Moss, nr. 7th.
FLATS TO LET.
NOE. 597-599, cor. Nineteenth— 4 rooms, $13 50;
6 rooms, $17; sunny corner; water free.
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms; wateTfree; rent $10. 1606
Church st., near Twenty-eighth.
THIRD, 41714— Latest improved flats; Ist, B rms.,
2 kitchens; 2d, 7 rms. one kitchen; new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits.
THIRTEENTH. 1014 near Scott— 2 new flats.
6 and 6 rooms, bath, laundry; fine garden and
sunny-side view. "
TO LET— Modern flat of 4 rooms and bath;
$18. 1805 Eddy st., near Scott.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073, near Castro— 6 sunny
rooms, bath, large lot, $15: water free.
VALLEJO, 1123— Plat, 4 rooms, yard, $9; 1127
Broadway, up. flat, 5 rooms, bath, $16; redu'd.
4-ROOM flats; large yard, stable and wagon
sheds. 1157 Harrison St., near Eighth.
$12 75— SHIPLEY. 297 A, near Sixth; flat of S
rooms, bath; gas; yard.
$16— GOOD 8-rcx.m house; large yard; good
view. 1021 Lombard st. .
$25— NEW upper flat 8 rooms and bath. 1602
Turk st.
$25— New upper flat. 6 rooms and bath. 4138
Seventeenth St.. near Eureka.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ON account of departure, furniture of a 6-room
flat; $150; no dealere. Box 1300, Call.
TAPESTKY Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
2ND hand— Highest cash price paid. SC>9 Mission.
HELP WASTED Agents.
MEN and women, good address, to travel and
appoint agents; salary $75 month, expenses;
rapid advancement; unusually brilliant oppor-
tunity. Address, with reference, BUTLER &
ALGER, New Haven, Conn.
NEW thing for agents; both sexes; permanent
employment. 75 Third st., S. F., room 17.
WANTED— Canvassers and agents for novel-
tles. 22U Geary St.. room 6.
HELP WANTED — Female.
A— lo WAITRESSES and chambermaids, $20
each; waitress and housekeeper, country ho-
tel, $20, see lady here 9 o'clock; waitress, $20,
hospital. D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A— HOUSEWORK, Menlo, $25; Frultvale, $30;
Stockton. $25; Palo Alto. $30; San Lorenzo,
$25; Oakland, $25: Berkeley, $25; 20 house-
work girls. $25 and $20: 10 young girls to as-
sist, *12 and $15. D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS waitress, private family, $25;
waitress and seamstress. $25; 4 second girls,
$20 and $15. D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GOOD lroner. $25 per month; sleep home. D.
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN nurse, $25; must travel. D. CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT French girl desires situation at second
work; 2 years' reference last place. D. CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German girl desires situation;
a cook; best of reference; city or country-. D.
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN^& CCh . .TrHONE GRANT ISS
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
Want for hotels and restaurants.
Head waitress, counlry hotel. $30; 2 wait-
resses, Santa Cruz, $20; 2 waitresses, Mon-
terey County, $20; 2 waitresses for a resort
near city, $20; 5 waitresses for second-class
hotels, city, $20; waitress, city hotel. $20;
chambermaid and waitress, city, $20; country,
$20.
lroner, hotel, $25 and found; plain laun-
dress. $20; mangier fi>r springe, $20.
FAMILY ORDERS.
Second girls, city and country. $2<v houoe-
glrl, city and country. $12 to $30; city and
country nursegirls, $10 to $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
HOUSEWORK. MeVlo Park. $25; Raymond, $20,
free fare; Alameda. $20; Oakland. $20: Belve-
dere, $20; San Rafael, 525. and Beveral other
towns; a number of housework eirls. city,
$25, $20 anil $15; 10 young girls to assist, $10
to $15. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
A NURSE; country; *20. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter St.
A NEAT young girl: light housework; $10 to
$15. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
COOK: small hotel, country; $20: free fare.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
2 HOUSEWORK girls and sleep home, $15;
nurse irirl. $10; housework, city, $15, good
place. MISS H. ruLLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
GERMAN nurseglrl, must travel, $2.": waitress.
$25; 2 second girls, $"j and $20; Institution
Cook. $25: ranch cook. $25; 10 houseglrls for
the country, $25 and $96| _r> housegirls for the
city. $2." and J2i>: chambermaid, $20. MRS.
N< IRTI iN. 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— A young girl for light housework.
FRANCES, 756 Sutter St.; apply In rear on
Jones st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $10 to $12
a month. 456 Bryant st. . near Third.
GIRL or old lady to take care of baby. 1916
Stockton st.
COAT finishers on men's conts. 571 Market st
GIRL wanted for general housework. Call
after 1 p. m. at 1231 Guerrero st.
WAITRESS wanted at IS3 Seventh st
rOUNG girl for iight housework. 918 Sanchez
Ft., near Twenty-second.
YOUNG girl for light housework, $8. Apply at
1424 I*.1 *. Jackson st.
WANTED- A first-class German cook in Jew-
ish restaurant 113 Turk st.
GIRL to do housework; must sleep at home.
2009 Fillmore st.
WANTED— A first-class tailoress on coats. 236
Fourth st
GIRL for general housework. 720 Fourteenth
St., off Market; take Castro-st. cars.
WANTED— An apprentice to learn tailoring.
Apply at 347 Third st.
EXPERIENCED finisher on custom pants;
steady work. 1039 Howard st.
ELDERLY woman as chambermaid at 62 Sec-
ond st.
WAITRESSES and chambermaids. Hotel Fair-
mount, 1714 Market st.
TAILORESS and operator on coats. 935 Market
st., room 16.
GIRL for shooting gallery. Call 11 a. m. 424
Dupont st.
GERMAN girl to assist in general housework;
no children. 3116 Sixteenth, near Valencia.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO., LTD.. Brannan
St., between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED earners wanted; apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO.,
LTD.. Brannan st., bet. Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36H Fremont
st.; take elevator.
GIRLS to sew buttons on shirts. LEVI
STRAUSS fr CO., 36H Fremont st.
WAN'! 1:1 ■ Women and girls to work on fruit:
steady employment. CODE - PORTWOOD
CANNING CO.. Tenth and Bryant sts.
WANTED— WeII-bred well -appearing energetic
women; experienced canvassers preferred; only
those with best of reference need apply. Ad-
dress or call Monday and Tuesday, 9 a, m.,
at box 1251, ('nil office.
WANTED— GirI 10 to 14 years of age to help
at light housework in family of two; orphan
preferred; for board and schooling. Call or
ad'lress 319 Kearny st.. room 2, bet. 1 and 3.
BRIGHT students to join special training class
of shorthand and typing at AYRES' Busi-
ness College. Miss Kafka, the winner of
Examiner contest, was a pupil and secured
position through us.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid: cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco, Cal.
FINISHERS on custom made coats; steady
work; good wages. 304 Tehama st.
APPRENTICES In millinery store at 692 Mc-
Allister St.; first-class teaching.
YOUNG German girl to assist with light house-
work and children. 651 Vallejo St.. flat 10.
TWO girls to fold and strip paper boxes. IS
Fremont fit.
FINISHER on custom coats. 106 Battery Bt.
OPERATOR on pants; electric power. 83 Third
st. ; upstair*.
MIDDLE-AGED woman or girl for general
housework; German preferred; $15. 1304
< 'hurch st . neur Twenty-fifth.
EXPERIENCED operators wanted on under-
skirts and fancy goods. ZUCKERMAN &
CO.. 523 Market fit., rooms S and 9.
WANTED— Smart operator on tailoring and
also an experienced apprentice In operating
at 339 Jersey st bet. Noe and Castro and
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth sts.
WASTE D — F c male.
HOUSEKEEPER; must be an American, ac-
customed to care children, 35 to 40 years old.
Box 1014. Call office.
WANTED— First-class talloress on custom
■ pants. 411H Kearny st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework and
cooking; wages $20. 1269 McAllister st.
WANTED— First-class pants finisher. 724^
Market St., room 27.
WANTED— First-class talloress and buttonhole
BOWHAY. 61« Sutter St.
WANTED— First-class skirt hands. BOWHAY,
516 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats; also appren-
tlce; steady work. 354 Geary st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 Sun Jose aye.
GIRL to assist with baby arid light housework.
1411.., Scott st.. near Geary.
HELP WANTED — Male.
FEE— FREE— FEK
FARE FREE FARE FREE
10 stonemasons $3 50 a day
25 stonemason helpers $2 to $2 fO a day
50 4-horse teamsters $2 a day
50 2-horse teamsters $1 75 a day
100 laborers $1 75 to $2 a day
For the Coast Railroad.
All Free Fee and Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
FREE FARE.
VALLEY ROAD FREE FARE
6 plowholders $2 15 a day
6 scraper loaders $2 15 a day
60 4-horse teamsters $2 a day
60 laborers $175 a day
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
_ 04 Gearv **•
STABLEMAN, $40; man about place, $20: same,
$15; German ehoreman for a ranch. $00, fare
50c; milker, $20; blacksmith, $2 60 a day;
blacksmith helper, ranch. $35: blacksmith,
vineyard, $30; 2 fruit pickers, $25 and found,
see boss here; tlemakerp, 12c, Santa Cruz
County; fi laborers to build a railroad In the
woods, $30 and found, Bee boss here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
__ 104 Gear y st -
MEAT cook, country hotel, $50; cook, country
restaurant. $50 and room; cook, country in-
stitution, $40; cook, country hoarding-house,
$40; fry cook, restaurant, $50: cook, small
resort, $40; cook, $9 a week; night cook. $10
a week; butcher, restaurant, $35: butcher,
country shop, $30 and found; dishwashers,
vegetablemen, potwashers and porters for
restaurants and hotels, $15 to $30; bakers'
helper, restaurant, $25 and board.
Walter, country restaurant, $35 and room;
waiter, springs. $22 50; porter, country hotel, i
$20, see party here, fare advanced; dyer and
cleaner, country.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE.
40 men and strong boys, no experience needed,
to cut beet tops; I months' job, $1 10 a day
and board; call early Monday; ship Monday
afternoon; free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
50 50 50
Men and strong boys to pick fruit and al-
monds; 2 to 3 months' work; no experience
needed; $1 a day and found; for Yolo and
Butte counties.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
GARDENER and wife cook for a gentleman's
country place: $50 and found; references.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st-
WANTED — Gardener for private place near
city. $2 r . per month and found; also pnndman |
for mill, tallyman, farmers, woodsman, la- !
borers and teamsters for railroad and log- j
ging camps; foreman for scraper gang; 20 j
scraper teamsters; laborers for brick yard: :
rottffn carpenlm for mine; cooks, waiters.
dishwasher! md 100 others. W. D. EWER
& CO., IW "May "t.
NOTICE
Everybody who wants work— That W. D.
EWER _ CO.. in company with it. T. WARD
_ CO., guarantee all positions as advertised,
and Will refund office fee and fare both ways
t" any one not offered work where we send
him: no other employment agency in this
State gives this assurance; call and Bee us.
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay St.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
WANTED— SO MEN AND
STRONG BOYS FOR
light work In sugar-beet field, near city, good
he-althy locality, at $2S 50 per month and
board: see party here. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
MAN cook $00; dishwasher. $20, same place;
country boarding house, see lady here 9
o'clock. D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITER. $25. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Mont-
gomery st., room 12.
MEN WANTED to learn barber trade in eight
weeks: only Institution teaching the tonso-
rlal art; constant practice; expert Instruction; I
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages; po-
sit ions guaranteed: call or write for Illus-
trated catalogue. MOHLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 835 clay st.
WANTED — A man who understands his busi-
ness as deputy organizer for one of the best
fraternal orders in the United States. Call j
or address DR W. M. PARK. 24 Sixth St.,
San Francisco, Cal. ; office hours, 10 a. m.
to 2 p. m.
WANTED— SO carpenters. Goat Island: a copy
of this advertisement presented to captain of
tug A'igllant, pier 7, will pass to island if kit
of tools and blankets accompany bearer.
CAMPBELL & PETTUR.
WANTED— fI hustlers for 'a week's special
work. handling official decorations; big
money. Apply after 1 p. m. at 149 Taylor St.,
room 11, upstairs. |
ACTIVE man with $150 to take Interest with ]
party in lucrative business In this city tor
past 20 years. Apply at room 2, 017 Market.
WANTED — Young man; wholesale notion
house. Address, with references, age, sal-
ary, box 3255, Call office.
BOY 15 to IS years old to attend soda water !
fountain. Inquire between 1 and 2 p. m. at
810 Market St.
BRIGHT young hoy to run errands In whole-
sale house. Apply ROBERT L. TOPLITZ' & |
CO., 545 Market st.
POLISHERS wanted at DENNISTON'S S. F.
PLATING WORKS, 655 Mission st.
COATMAKERS on men's coats; inside. S7l
Market st.__
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter st.
<;ooi> steady barber; good wages. 149 Sixth
sL, corner Howard.
BARBER wanted; steady, middle-aged. ISOS
Mission st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady; wages. 407
Bush st.
COOK wanted at 922 Battery St.
BARBER for couple of weeks; $14 per week:
may be steady. 302 Montgomery aye.
YOUNG job printer: state experience and
wages. McNEIL BROS., San Jose, Cal.
COATMAKER wanted. 232 Montgomery aye.
GKKMAN ho> for printing office. Apply at
635 California St., room 3.
STRONG boy wanted to deliver orders In fruit
store. 1218 Polk st.
COOK wanted. Boston Restaurant, 139 Sixth
street.
GOOD cook and dishwasher. Golden Rule Res-
taurant, 969 Market st
WANTED— First-class lunch cook at Criterion
Saloon, iS Stockton st. ; calUat 6 a. m.
WAITER wanted. 420 Folsom st. ; sober habits.
GOOD young barber wanted ; wages $10 a week.
Address box 3280, Call office.
WANTED— First-class barber; steady job. 325
Grant aye.
GOOD cleaner and Presser wanted; steady
work. ANDERSEN, 2519 Greenwich, Presidio.
PAINTERS and paper-hangers wanted at 20
Laurel place.
BOY to learn blacksmithing and horseshoeing.
Apply at 1718 Fillmore st.
THREE young men to work In kitchen at 119
Stockton st.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 1530 Kentucky Bt. ;
call bet. 8 and 9 a. m.
WANTED— Dishwasher at '.07 Kearny St.
WANTED— Hoy to learn plumbing trade; call
early. 519 Guerrero st.
GROCERY clerk, experience. Call at 600 Fourth
St., bet. 10 and 11 a. m. Monday; German;
reference.
600 MEN— Call to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to fl 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.,
bet Ist anil 2d sts.; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— One hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe: wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila. Alaska, New York
W. LANE, Shipping Agent, 504-506 Davis st.
MAN to do janitor work for his tuition at S.
F. BARBER SCHOOL. 138 Eighth St.
BOYS from 12 to 16 years old. Apply at Glass
Works, corner of Seventh and Townsend sts.
HELP 'WANTED — Male.
20 young men to cut fruit and work
In* packing-house, see boss here to-day; 10
men for light work in city. $1 day and board:
men for cannery; cooks, waiters, dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac- j
ramento st. I
WANTED— IO laborers for quarry, $1 90 day; 2 j
plowmen. $1 25 and board: scraper loaders. 1
$1 °5 and board; 50 scraper teamsters, $1 15
and beard and $2 day, long jobs; 75 laborers.
n 75 and $2 day; 3 laborers, $45 and board: 4 j
drillers $2 day: 50 scraper teamsters for new
lob $2 'day good place; laborers for city. $2 ;
day. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento.
W ANTE S^-20 hop pickers, 90c per 100; engineer ;
for mine- machinist for country, $2 50 day;
blacksmith, $2 25 day; blacksmith's helper
$1 80 day and board; pnndman for mill. $30
and found; stableman, $25 and found: sheep-
herder $20- muckers. $25 and $30; German boy
for milk wagon $15 and found; woodchop-
Pers $1 75 cord, and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 62S Sacramento sfc_
wTNTED^Man and wife with references to
care for country place, $30; married dalrymao.
wife to board men; see boss In city. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st^
MURRAY A READY^ jPHONE MAIN 5848
Leading. Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY' FROM 7 A. M
9 stablemen, good jobs, $40. $35, $30, $25, $20
Fruit-°box makers'. ...sandstone cutters, $5 day
$45 and found, 6 men as deckhands, no ex-
BPeboy8 Pe boys C fo pick seeds; Saiita County .^
.■.■.■.'.'.■.'■.■.■.'.'. ARE YOU MARRIED? •
3 farmers and wives and milkers and wives..
$40 $35 and found
i' cooks' 'and' VrtVes! '.'.'.'.'■'■'■ «0 and found
MEN AND BOYS FOR FACTORIES. MANU-
facturlng company's stores, learn trades, ,
cash hoys, learn waiting, dishwashing, can-
washing, etc., $36, $30, $26, $25. $20. $Id, $10
and found and by the week and day...... — •
Milk wagon driver, city Job $2a and found
Help wanted for Oregon. Washington Ha- ,
waiian Islands and Arizona, $6. $5, $4. %S day
12 driller? S P. pass free $2 75 and $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
$30 AND FOUND ••
25 men and strong boys for the best and
largest orchard, vineyard and farm in Cali-
fornia, fare $1 (no experience required), your
work will be to' pick fruits and pack them,
work in packing houses, help ship fruits to
California and Eastern markets, also to
Europe. If you are good you will be kept
steady the year round at other work after Jhe
fruit season, $30 per month and found. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
TO-DAY WE SHIPT.WE PAY YOUR FARES
to the great 38 sawmills and woods in Cali-
fornia
136 men as laborers, etc., and to wheel saw-
dust, pile lumber, learn to run machines and
33 other different positions; wages from $26 to
$40 per month, with good food, good lodgings
and beautiful climate tO'Work in (no experi-
ence required), you will suit, come and see us;
woodchoppers and tiemakers by the hundreds,
fare paid, tools and food furnished, $2 to $1
crd. 12c each. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
YOU CAN MAKE BIG MONEY
fruit pickers, men or boys, no experience re-
quired, anybody will suit, 90 days' work, $30
per month and found, fare $1 50, fee $1. MUR-
RAY' & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE FREE FARE
to every railroad in California but one (the
one we don't ship to is Coast Railroad); drill-
ers, headermen, hammersmen, laborers, team-
sters, section laborers, etc., $3 day. MUR-
RAY' & READY', 634 and 636 Clay st.
FOR A STATE SENATOR
6 good 4-horse teamsters, fare $1.534 and found
6 laborers, fare sue, no experience, $60. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
HERE'S SOMETHING GOOD
12 men as laborers for a ranch, fare 50c $60
and found. MURRAY & READY', 634 and
636 Clay st.
MILKERS CHOREMEN FARM HANDS
14 milkers for good steady jobs
$30, $25 and found
f9 farm hands for good steady jobs
$35, $30. $26 and found
12 choremen and boys for farms, $30, $26. $25.
$20, $15, $10 per month and found Come
and See
HAY AND HARVEST HELP
HAY BALERS
29 men for hay and harvest fields
$2. $150, $125 day
$3 ,"0 day and board for strong men to bale
hay
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
GOLD MINES COAL MINES
SILVER MINES
Fireman $60
24 laborers (no experience
$52 50. $40 and $30 and found
9 miners, hard rock, double $75
8 waiters for mines $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
BOILER-MAKERS BLACKSMITHS
2 boiler-makers, steady Job, country.. s3 25 day
Including board, lodging, etc
12 blacksmiths. $60, $.*O, $40, $30 and found
Wood turners and mill bench hands $3 day
MURRAY* & READY, 634-636 Clay st
GOVERNMENT WORK
6 carpenters, free fare, S hours $3 day
WAGONMAKERS ..CARRIAGE PAINTERS
CABINETMAKERS.... MURRAY & READY,
624 and 636 Clay St.
SHINGLE SAWYERS AND JOINERS, TAL-
LYMEN MILL BENCH HANDS, TREE
FELLERS, CROSSCUT SAWYERS and 60
other different jobs in mills and woods, $90,
$SO, $70, $65. $50. $4D, $30 and found. MURRAY'
& READY", 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
27 COOKS $50, $45. $40, $35, $30 and found
3i WAITERS $35, $30. $25, $20 and found
42 DISHWASHERS $25, $20. $15 and found
ELEVATOR AND BELL BOYS
PORTERS. JANITORS
....LAUNDRY HELP. $35. $30. $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-6.36 Clay st
BAKERS SHOEMAKERS
3 first 4 second. 3 third hands and boys m
learn, $50 $45. $35. $30. $25, $20, $15 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
15c BARBER SHOP, complete; Western Addi-
tion: can be had on rent or easy terms.
ATHERTON, S6O McAllister st.
BARBERS— Good shop for sale cheap; easy
terms. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
WANTED— 2 reliable cooks to take charge of
good restau-"-* in Nevada: small capital re-
quired. Inquire W. J. BELL, room 247,
Golden West Hotel, at 12 o'clock Friday and
Saturday.
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
care of you; half-soled while waiting, 25c to
COc. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50 up: sole-
ing. 30c up; heeling, 15c up. '2:j Howard st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
TRY our 13c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket St.; free shaving in students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863H Market St.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WANTED— Harness maker for general work
for country. 265 Stevenson st.
V, ANTED— First-class men to work In brick
yard at South San Francisco, San Mateo Co.
CARRIAGE maker; first-class body maker. Bay
View Carriage Factory, San Rafael.
COATMARER by CHAS. JAEGER, San Ra-
fael.
EXPERIENCED feeder for Gordon Job presses.
16 Fremont st.
WANTED— A first-class upholsterer. 2304 Fill-
more st.
WILL yon canvass and collect? If so write
hex 1254. Call office.
MR. DUNN, the laundryman— Please call at
62 Jackson st.
GOOD tailor for custom coats. 106 Battery
street.
TAILORS wanted on custom coats. BELASCO
X HARRIS CO., 541 Market St.
GOOD metal polisher wanted. Apply to E G~
DENNISTON Plating Works. 655 Mission Bt.
ELDERLY man for light housework for board
and clothing; references. 122 Howard st.
WANTED— First-class ladies' tailora BOW^
HAY, 516 Sutter st.
BOY'S from 14 to IS years. Apply at 246 Sutter
st., room 14.
WANTED— 3 solicitors to work on wagon; also
man to act as wagon boss. 156 Fifth st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st near~Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Ete^ For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth Rt.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
Z'lKl.. Veterinary Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ay.
HOUSES — LODGING-^For Sale.
ROOMING and boarding-house, full of perma-
nent No. 1 people; 22 rooms well furnished;
sure profit of $100 to $125 a month: ill health
cause of sale; positively cheap at $13W. but
$11111 takes it; two-thirds cash, balance«pay-
ments. J. W. DONNELLY & CO.. 632
Market st.
$700—27 ROOMS; all rented; Market St.: cen-
tral; $400 cash.; bal. time. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging-houses see
BAfaILE, 3 Eddy st.; new buyers daily.
$300— SNAP; 24-room house; all rented; near j
Market st. ; rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy, j
HOUSES — LODGING — To Let.
R?~H?~VVINSTON~&^cb.. 1028 "MARKET ""
28 rooms; rent $50: always full $750
i 47 rooms; cor.; rent $75; snap; see it.... i 2.,0
i " 20 rooms; rent $75; north of Market 5t.... 450
• 36 rooms; half cost; snap .- 1000
I $125— GREAT bargain in small flat; 3 rooms and
bath; fine furniture; nearly new; cozy home;
Larkin st. COAST EXCHANGE CO., 719
Market st.
' 2 GOOD houses, one 16 rooms, one 21 rooms;
I will rent furnished or sell on easy payments.
Room 2, 1007% Market st., near Sixth.
i HOWARD, 715— Elegant lodging-house; 200 sun-
I ny rooms; investigate immediately.
$750— HOUSE 17 mis., nicely fur., nr. Mkt.; all
filled; estate. T. J. KELLEY. 437 Parrott bdg.
~ HOUSES TO LET.
A M. SPECK & CO., 667 MARKET ST.
HOUSES. I FLATS.
554 Natoma; 9r....525 415% Baker; 7 r..._.525
756 Folsom- 7 r.... 21 1 579 Geary; 6 r....2. 50
1109 Shotwell; 6 r. 20:1720 Page; 5 r...... 24
620 Valencia; 0 r.. 1288 Union; 6 T....22 50
3356 2Cth; 5 r...... 13 331 Eddy; 4 r 22 SO
3012 25th; 5 r 13.1328 Hayes: 6 r IS
315 Jersey; 6 r.... 13 1609 Turk; 6 r 17 50
HOUSE of 10 rooms and bath, with large gar-
den and stable. 4 Collingwood St., near Sev-
enteenth and Castro. - '
! HOWARD, 2305, in Mission warm belt— House
of 9 rooms, bath, yard and basement; rent
reasonable to desirable parties.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery St. ___^_
LACUNA, 1716 and 1717— nice sunny 8-room
houses; newly papered and painted; $30.
' SUNNY house of 6 rooms and bath: west sid«
Washington st., near Larkin. Key at 1621
Washington st. ■. ';
TO LET— A house of 5 rooms and bath: rent
low. 316 Laguna st.
TWO fine houses In splendid condition; 3386 and
3392 Twenty-first St., 'cor. Guerrero; 7 and 12
rooms. ______________
$18— NICE 2-story house of 8 rooms. 11 Cali-
fornia aye., near Mission-st. car house.
$35— THREE-STORY bay-window house in good
order, with large yard and stable: 1829 How-
ard st. Apply to the owner, E. ROBINET,
411U California ft.
HOUSES TO LET — Furnished.
FURNITURE of 6-room house for sale cheap;
also house for rent. Address 904 Kearny at.
BIRCH AYE., 6, off Larkin — ruoms and bath;
nicely fufhlshed
HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital. 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment. $15 a week.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST^BetTwaller and Germania, Flllmore and
Steiner, ladies' gold watch and chain, with
initials F. L. M. and Nov. 24, 1881, on case
of watch. Return to 126 Germania; reward.
LOST— Saturday night, from 1516 Pacific aye.,
tan Pekinese pug dog, with collar; answers
name Sam. Suitable reward if returned to
above address. /
LOST — Sunday, near Alameda, round bottom
center board hunting skiff. Finder please
notify E. M. "WINEGAR. 1320 Valencia st.
LOST— Liver-colored water spaniel. Return
and be rewarded; tag 1001. L. PH. BOLAN-
DER, 432 Fair Oaks, near Twenty-sixth.
$100 REWARD; lost, Friday, August 18, a soli-
taire diamond pin. sunburst shape, • black
enameled. Return to SHREVE & CO., Crock-
er building, and receive above reward. -
LOST— In Oakland, on Broadway, between
' Webster's studio and Smith's store, a lady's
green purse. Return to 1520 Central aye.,
Alameda,' and receive reward.
LOST— large silver-gray skye terrier dog;
answers to the name of "John." Finder will
receive a liberal reward by returning same to
■ 15 Grant aye.
LOST— Diamond of about 1% carats, on Friday
afternoon vicinity of Market st. ; liberal re-
ward at Grand Hotel. GEORGE F. JOHN-
SON.
LOST— A small silver watch with gold shield
on front with initials. Please return to 2227
Taylor st. and receive reward.
LOST— Black cockerel pup, five months old;
liberal reward if returned. 2025 California at.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and 6peedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state
their case before going elsewhere; they will
find in her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a ' hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, *5; no in-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours,
10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only.
A TREATMENT that never fails to restore
instantly all cases of monthly irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice; $5 positively; no instruments used; safe
and sure; cure at any time when others fail;
absolute success and safety guaranteed; trav-
elers helped at once; can return home same
day; save time and expense by consulting
first the only reliable ladies' physician of
long and successful practice; confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.,
bet. Mason and Taylor. Office hours, 9 a. m.
to 5 i). m., 7 to S p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 4.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at of-
fice, $5; home in confinement; skillful medical
attention; all can save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bat.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate aye.—
Expert in diseases of women; safe, quick
cure for all female complaints; private home
in confinement; every comfort: infants adopt -
' ed; best of care and medical attention; in-
stant relief for travelers; all those who are
sick .or discouraged should call; they will find
a true friend and adviser; consult free; self-
cure, $5; can be used at home.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and- quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fa' 1 - delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay: self-cure sent, call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.,
pills, $1: very strong, $2.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles; from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
it once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. $.";. restores in one day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free- ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st. .
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
. female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr.- O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of irreg-
ularities than any other physician: never
falls to cure; consult him first, save time and
money; treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free; call or write. 1028^ Market st.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor: Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St., San
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 2
and 7 to 9 p. m. -
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no instruments: consultation free.confidential;
home treatment, ss. MRS. ALLEN, 22SVanNess.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 SO;
expressed C O. D. ;' don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA, 215% Mason St.— -
Private home in confinement; ladles' friend
in trouble: terms reas.; call and be convinced.
NICE private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city: infants- adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER, midwife, 2012 Folsom.
PRIVATE home in confinement, by German
midwife: infants adopted into good homes;
rm. for invalid. 521 Eddy; phone Hyde 2553.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagngue-; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO.. druggists, 406 Clay, sole agents.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. HIS Market— relief
for monthly troubles or money back;- $5 up.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second St.; tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS— Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and' of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving,' mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged 1063 Mission st.
BAY windows and single seats to rent during
the procession. HOTEL FAIRMOUNT, 17H
Market st.
BILLIARD tables: few remodeled, good as
new; cheap for cash or installments. THE
BRUNSWICK-BALKE CO.. 655 Market St.
WINDOWS for rent for the parade. 861 and
I 871 Market, opposite the Baldwin.MISCELLANEOUS For Sale.
PURE distilled water Ice, $3 50 per ton car-
leads f. a b. ; 54 for less; sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 463. Consumers.' !
}-c Co.. 42') Eighth St.. S. F.
;-■■■-. .
COW and calf for sale. US Thirteenth aye.
liKSKS. office and card tables; desks exchanged,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
ENGINES for automobiles; carriages, separate
parts furn. Dynamic Eng. Co.. 1309 Mission.
BOILERS, engines lathes, wood planers. 12-21
In. gas engine; Id hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
1 3-H P. Golden Gate gas engine;. perfect order;
complete: must sell. EPSTEIN. 648 Mission.
A-$3 >'.O DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. SSO Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINK suit. <•.. pants. $2 75. ORIGINAL MIS.
FIT < i.OTHING PARLOR. 613 Montgomery.
BOILEK3 and engines, second hand; also win«
making mach'y. Krosh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st
ID-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos; bought, sold. 11. 6. WHITE. 618 Mission.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand^ all
sizes- naif original cost. : .■-111 Market. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS.
WANTED— To hire. 100 first-class scraper t»arn»
with harness and pead bars: long job. E. B.
STONE. Rlml irwt
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount en furniture, pianos, without re-
moval or any other good security: payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
Flre; avoid red tape and publicity; nee us first:
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call GS-6S Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rate*, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6\4j per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estnte In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
Tav. R McOOLGAN. '•< Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Storp Mfi Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
. PONELLI. Conservatory bide. 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out ndorser MORRFT.L. 609 Examiner bide.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.— Money
lonred on diamonds, Jewelry and clothing.
tbO TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d inortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. I.ICK. IK. McAllister -t.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndnr»er. TOUSLEY. 892 Parrott htlg
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more mnni>v e Q ,. H. MURPHY. KM Mnrkot -.f
It SIC INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling t.-.od upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are th*
Fame as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good piano? for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.
Fteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
tts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLF.R & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible do -.5 to please and satisfy th«
customer.
AN almost new Bteinway upright sacrificed.
Room 12. Flood building. Fourth and Market!
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710;Market! st.
A NUMBER of good second-hand u,. rights for
rale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
A DECKER .-. ON, the pianu fur you to buy:
beautiful new style. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
PCHMITZ'. 16 " Alllster. next HTM Bank.
A— sSs: UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHE-\P Steinway upright: also the famous
Hcrnune Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $6J up; installments, 5o 75 up;
ati $2 up (al'owed on sale) Heine. 13>i Ellis
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
Pest st.
WANTED—? Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
cans. PTHON JUt; ■ 30S Pot-t St. j
W O BADGER 415 Sacramento St.. agent for :
Franc's Bacon 'and Hallett & Davis pianos.
KNABK pianos: -ew scale; new etyles. KOH-
1.'.1: .- CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. I Latham Dlace.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
T'nfte<l Pt.it??. postpaid, for Jl per year.
OFFICES AND STORES —To Let.
EMMA SPRECK ELS BLDG 527 Market «t.
Light, l heat, janitor and telephone included.
--ASHTOX & GARDINER. room # 210.
$11— STORE, throe sunny rooms and cellar.
1008 Natoma r-t.. near Eleventh.
$15— STORE and three living rooms and bath
at SW. cor. Scott and Ellis sts.
TOILET— Office, first floor. 1032 Market it.,
cpp. Fifth.
fTOP.E suitable for drug, dry goods or any
other business: $30. SW. cor. Pacific and
Leavenworth sts. L7MBBEN, 14 Montgomery.
STORE to let suitnbie for barber shop. etc.
Inquire C2l California st.
K<">R rent— Store. fSl'i Howard St. ; Just th«
place for barber shop or restaurant. CRIM
A: CO.. US Mr.r.troraery pt.
PALMISTRY.
lillE. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Oer-
maln. 615 Geary «t.. above Jones; classes;
office hr.-ir? 1 to ■ p m.: reading by mall. $1.
PERSONALS.
MARY— I got ?ny handsome cape at the ■ '-tern j
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton St., near Broad-
way. There you can ct most anything in
that line on eajiy payments.
EMBROIDERED to order— Mufflers V and sus-
pend ers. I2S Turk St., corner Jones.
T. BRILLIANT. 335-340 Post at., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
TO invalids— Those afflicted with kidney, Mad-
der an-i stomach troubles: There Is a well of
pure living water in the city of Oakland that
is good for th^se troubles; any parties who
desire to use this water ciin rent a nice sunny
cottage of Fix rooms and bath fcr a reason-
able price with the free use of this water-
try It. Box 84S, Call office, Oakland.
JOHN l. boone, | Patent I Trademark
Attorney Xt Law, and Copyright
>o. 4 butter *t.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
a s * nd '' Circular. __ Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
. nan; »rJsulta to ord'-r, $10 73; pants. $3 75-
-nothing hiKher. One-Price Tailoring Co 1644
_^L a l k^_ K l^_ 1 i nder St - Nicholas Hoi
ELECTRIC lights In *very~~room- Winchester
Hotel. 41 Thlrt St.. near Market: 7»0 " rnomv
23c to $1 50 per nleht: $1 M to ?« perlweSr
free bua and baggage to and from the ferry'
that >ou can Mnp«rid upon: no evil result*
from Its use; S.'c h,-ttle_ i~> St,,ckt"n *t
%™^s^££^&^
KIN . j
fg^*ffj^^j^i&gy a ,y —
■A-l'APii::- 1 tail , , , t
sale Bgures. KRAMER. :o Bansome st
:..ved
JAMES A. BORENSEN. watchmaker and lew-
eler. removed to 103 Sixth ■j^jiear^lggic.n
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to »7-
der. K. YOSHI TANI. 313 fcutter ft. t0 or
RUPTURE, stricture cured ;~no knife; no Ini-c-
-turn; guarantd. Dr. Gordin,-.!^ Plne.ab.Kniy.
A-Ladles' or gents/ clothing, fuTnTTure bought
sold; tel. Mint &97. JACOH3. 1023 Folsom «t!
SUITS to order on <-asy installments TZ
. LEMOS. 1117 Market «t.. bet, 7th and ! Bth.
WANTED — Old gold for manufaenjr O Volto
Jeweler. 249 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason!
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. OLIVE GRUVER. free tro:itm*nt Ta:iy~ll0
a. m. and 12 m. 120 C Market »*.. room 6. .
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and i fsljence
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.-
PROPERTY WANTED.
PAIR of flats wanted; $3500. GEO. W. CHAP-
IN. 11 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE CITY — For Sale.
PEREMPTORY!'.
AUCTION SALE!!!
auction sale:::
TUESDAY, AUGUST 22d. 1599,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Salesroom of
BHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
21S-220 MONTGOMERY ST.,
MILLS BUILDING.
KEARNY STREET
INCOME PROPERTY.
PRESCOTT HOUSE. southwest corner
Kearnv and Pacific his. and Montgomery aye.;
substantial three-story and basement brick
building. Nos. 923 to 931 Kearny St.. Nos. i!.i to
131 Montgomery aye.. Nos. 613 to 617 Pacific
! st.: nine stores and 100 rooms above; property
I has a frontage of over 211 feet by a depth of ;
107 feet 11 Inches and 137 feet 8 inches; net In-
come in IS9B was $10,:09 41; present monthly
rental. $970.
BUSINESS CORNER,
GREKN AND DUPONT STS.
NORTHWEST CORNER, Nos. 1401 to 1407
Dupont St.: two stores and flats above; rented
to one tenant for $70 monthly; lot 29 feet 4"^
Inches on Green Kt.. by 57 feet 6 inches on
Dupont st.
BROADWAY COTTAGE.
No. 932 Broadway, north side. 95 feet east cf |
Taylor st ; cozy cottage of i'> rooms and uath;
grand view of city and bay; rents $1. W; lot j
S2"-x62 l 2 feet, and extra lot 2by 23£ feet.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEH & CO..
Auctioneers, 21S-220 Montgomery st., Mills bid*.
EXECUTOR'S sale of "renl estate, subject to ;
confirmation by the Superior Court of the
City and Count) of Ban Francisco.
South side of Bu!«h tt.. 110 feet westerly
from the westerly line of Polk St.. »oxl2o feet,
through to Fern aye., together with improve-
ments Nos. 1411. 1413 and 1415 Bush st.
Bids may be made to EDWARD R. ROCK.
executor, 327 Market st.. up to Bept I 1>99.
Terms cash In United States gold coin.
MEDIUM-CLASS modern rooming-house, to
contain about 120 rooms, with baths, electric
lights and bells r.r.i all late Improvements,
will be erected In a central location In this
city for lease on moderate terms: plans and
specifications at our office. DAVIDSON A
LEIGH, 30 Montgomery st.
TWO BARGAINS :
$1000 down, balance same as rent; 7 and I
room houses; every room sunny; well built ]
and up to date; Carl »t., near Stanyan; blue j
cars, K.iiiy-st. line, I ass the door; Hatght-st.
cars transfer at Masonic aye.; owner on
premises.
$3000— WORTH fully $5000. for an excellent lot
with two-story building, situate on northwest
corner of Twenty-third and Dolores sts. ; place
must be sold, consequently have reduced the
price accordingly. Address for particulars to
K. .1. Call office, Oakland.
NEW HOMES
Five, 6, 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
t to $4500: terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder. '
$124,000 AN excellent piece of business prop-
erty; one of the very best corners in town,
paying per cent net on the price asked for
I the same." For particulars address K. J., Call
office. Oakland. :
HOUSE and lot for sale A nearly new 4-room
cottage; brick foundation; 1 Mock from elec-
! trie ear; price $:•'': mortgage of $290 can be
transferred. Inquire at 1224 Howard St.
I IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First . -.. and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J.-GUNN, 41" Montgomery st.
SIX elegant modern fl.its: all rented: SE. cor
Sacramento an.l Scott; cheap. J. H. CARSE,
11 Montgomery Ft.
JI7OO— NEW house 9 rooms and bath SPECK.
»67 Market St. , ;'■ -■ v
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
BARGUN— Must be sold on account of sick-
ness; ranch of 32 acrei in Sonoma City.
within ten minutes' walk from station: all
In full bearing vines and fruits, tine dwelling
: hous- of, 9 rooms: large barn and stable: new ;
I windmill nn.l tankhouse; plenty good water: I
} farming implements: everything in good con-
dition: crops go with the place. For full par- ;
ticulars addrese M. JOOST & BRO., 61S :
Gough st.. San Francisco.
I -- - -
RESTAURANTS.
W^STEP.FKLD'S restaurant, coffee and ice
cVeam parlor. 1035 Xiarket St.: popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUE> VISTA aye.. 449 (Aahbury Heights) —
Six tlfirant furnif')«l rooms, -with etabli».
FIFTH, :>'3— " furnished connecting, $13; 2, $12;
nine J5; large room double bed, $7
FOLSOM, 940— 2 large sunny rooms, handsomely
furnished; rent reasonable.
Ft'LTON, 21$. cor. Van Ness— Neatly furnished i
flat. .1 rms., nas range, bath; also others.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 3Sl— Nicely furnished
rootr.s for housekeeping; running water; pri- ,
vate family: $14.
HOWARD, Nicely furnished bay-window
fuite; kitchen; man and wife; others; reason-
able. .
HOWARD, '■"': Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms. : • ; -":
HOWARD, 1324—2 large sunny rooms; furnished
complete for housekeeping.
IVANHOi:. 1002 l'olk, cor. Geary— Light, clean.
tunny; tur. hKj'C. suites (3 to 5 r.>. $15 up: ret.
LEWIS, 18, oft Taylor— Four unfurnished sunny ;
rooms; gas: bay-window, $15; two rooms, $8.
MINNA, 349H—^>*ice sunny furnished double
rccm with use of kitchen.
Ml PSION, 946- I nice rooms for housekeeping;
front room, bedroom and kitchen, complete.
PERRY, 166. bet. Third and Fourth— 2 or 3
furnished rooms for housekeeping.
POLK 1827— Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; private family; low rent.
SIXTH, 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
parlor suite, double and single rooms.
EHOTWBLL, 217—2, 3 or 4 sunny connecting i
rooms, complete for housekeeping; gas; bath.
SIXTH. -Rooms for light housekeeping; also j
other 'rooms; visitors solicited
ST JAMES. Lacuna and McAllister— Choicest.
sunniest in city; low rates; furnished or not. |
GUTTER. 1111. nr. Larkln— Comfortably Turn.
tingle suites: also hskpc: terms reasonable |
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms; $1 25 and
$1 60. ■ „ .
TURK 645— Two sunny rooms for housekeep-
Ing. '___ '
VALENCIA, 844 — Nicely furnished sunny
room«; bath. gnu, closets; reasonable.
VAN NESS ay«., 40O— Elegant sunny upper
floor; 3 rooms and bath: othar rooms.
WEBSTER. Hl— First floor; four large sunny
rooms for housekeeping; no children.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 7 148 Sixth— Rooms,
2fic to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AWBOXJSFOR-D {The), cor. Broadway and Polk
ouiet and homelike: rooms bright and sunny.
■ tingle, suite: charges moderate: cars direct. j
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor Ms.—
Homelike house; modern service: elevator:
bath; rooms. SOc to SI 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT HA Geary— Large sunny front suite; also
single rooms; cheap
AT New Grand. 246 3d— lst-class sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day; We to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT £2 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekeeping rooms. $1 to $3 per week.
AT 33 Turk. cor. Taylor-New man *. l -v ™" 0 *"-
-id, sunny front bay-window rms. . transient.
BROADWAY, near Polk Sunny un-
furnished rooms.
BURNETT 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlBhed nn»., suites, single; sUm unfurnished^
CALIFORNIA 1424— Tw0 or 3 well-furnished
rooms for gentlemen who desire to be made
thoroughly comfortable; fine bathroom; gar-
den: private family. '
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate"
aye.- Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly j
furnished tunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
room's, from $1 HO a week up. .
EDDY, 614— Small sunny rooms, clean arid
quiet! bath, gas, private family; $6 and IS.
ELLIS. 51S— New and elegantly furnished
rooms; *en suite or single.
FRANKLIN. 215, near Hayes— Sunny furnished
bay-window room: bath; $7. ■ ■
FERNWELL H0u5*.47 Pout— New managem'nt;
all rms refurnished; suite* and single; baths.
FOURTH 222V4 (Palm House)— First-class sun-
ny bay-window rooms; ilio single, $1 25 up
GEARY 14A— Good rooms, with clean" beds,
.running water; n 2: per, week up.
GEARY 402— Newly furnished sunny rooms and
suites,' $2 per week up; very desirable.
GEARY 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms;' travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY, 2237, rear— Cottage. 2 rooms; rent $6.
GRAND SOUTHERN. BE. . cor Seventh and
Mission tts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 21, 1899.
ROOMS TO LET — ana I'nfarn.
GREEN. 415—4 rooms and callar. $8. •
GREEN, 417— Nicely furnished large front
room, $6 month; also 1 room $4 per month.
HANCOCK House-. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 CO to $6 per week. ■ .
HARRISON. 7541-4, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike: $1 week up. V':. " '.
HAWTHORNE. 172. bet. Second and Third, nr.
Harrison— Pleasant sunny room; private
house; reasonable.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter. nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rm?.; elev. ; free baths.
HOWARD. «29— Furnished rooms from $1 per
w.'k up: also housekeeping and transient.
LARKIN, sin— Sunny back bedroom and kitch-
en furnished; yard; $9; double room fur.. S7.
LEAVENWORTH, 1121, nr. Sacramento— Nicely
furnished alcove front room; .also others.
MINNA. 667, car. Eighth Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MARKET, 1035. and 33 Fifth— New manage-
ment; tine sunny suites, and single rooms.
MASON* 1111— Large nicely furnished parlors;
Fas. .
MISSION, 1514. near 11th— Sunny, single room;
private. family; $1 25 per month.
NATOMA. 450, near Sixth— nice sunny
furnished rooms cheap.
"NEWPORT," 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win, rms. and single, $5 up: also hskpg.
NINTH, BS— For rent, newly furnished back
parlor, light anil airy, running water, $9 per
month; alto single room, %6 per month.
OAK. 336—1 furniFhed and 3 large unfurnished
rooms; very convenient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. MS — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms by the day. week or month.
POLK, 1635— Pleasant room; board optional;
with every home comfort: private family.
POWELL. 612A — Large sunny front rooms: new-
flat, newly furnished; suitable for gentlemen.
RINCON place, B, o(T Harrison, bet. First and
Second— Room, fireplace ; use of kitchen, bath-
room and washroom; yard; lady or man and
wife: no children.
KOYAL House, 126 Elils St.— lncandescent
light, reading rocm, smoking room nnd
ladies' parlor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
efflce floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth St..
| near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SEVENTH, Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
suites or single: rent reasonable.
SIXTH. 33. nr Market, Hlllßdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms! elevator; transient.
THE Oaks, Jl9 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE Oliver. MS Folsom, cor. flth— Sunny corner
rms.. suites and single; gas; bath; new mangt.
' THIRD. IC6H. near Mission— The Seattle— Nice
Funny rooms. $1 25 to 13.
SEWING MACHINES AMI SUPPLIES.
)2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
I ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth Ft.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ml ES PETER FREILINGS pile salve, tl
per box; warranted to cure all cased of bleed-
Ing, itching, external, internnl or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing / 162S Devlsadero St., near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $3; Whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery l \.' rooms 9-10: tel. 6520.
SPIRITUALISM.
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night. 8:15 sharp;
sittings dally 10 to 4. ISO 9 Stockton, near
Greenwich.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. smilh.
722 Ml^^im: coeds guaranteed: tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post, cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
25 ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7. 8 and "9 rooms nnd bath each; flrstclass
neighborhood; near school and stations; street
work all complete; from $3CCO to $4000: only
$f.OO cash and $25 and $30 per month; great bar-
gains; cheap lots for cash and houses to let
In all parts of Alameda.
$2200— Lot WxlfiO; $200 cash and $20 per month;
fine, nearly new cottage: In a good neighbor-
hood; near High School and station.
J2500— Lot 35x115, with elegant residence of a
rooms; in fine condition; macadamized street;
near Station and school; great bargain; worth
$3500; any terms; same as rent.
$2600— Lot -40x207 :C: fine. new. modern 6-ronm
cottage; near High School and station; $500 ca.«h
and $25 per month.
$1000— Lot 20x125: cottage of 5 rooms; street
work complete: near station; easy terms.
$1600— Ix>t 33:4x108: with a fine modern cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; nice garden; street i
work all done: near station and school; $100
cash, balance $20 per month.
$2SoO— ssoo cash, balance $25 per month; lot
40x150. with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath; between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton st.
2".'i 800 cash, $25 per month; less than
rent; lot 40x150: elegant new 2-story, 8 rooms
and bath, on Morton St.. near. Morton-st. sta-
tion: best bargain In Alameaa; elegant resi-
dences on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye.
at a bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
' 1432 Park *t.. Alameda.
ABOUT finished, modern 8-room house, choic-
. est location; also modern cottage 6 rooms;
lots £0x150; easy terms. Apply 1318 Mozart
st.. Mastick station.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME fcr ladle* In delicate health; lore*
ri.iin'!«: r-'tvate. Mrs r>R Ft'V'C'. Hit <•».
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE, right In the heart of town,
30 ACRES,
Within 10 minutes of university grounds; 3
minutes from railroad station; lovely view.
Apply to
J. J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
WITHIN 5 MINUTES FROM UNIVERSITY.
5 MINUTES FROM STATION.
LOTS !<;o FEET IN DEPTH.
The cheapest, 'choicest property in Alacmeda
County.
Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON,
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
JUST been foreclosed; a fine 7- room house; all
latest Improvements; large lot: fruit trees,
figs, olives, plums, etc.: 2 blocks from sta-
tion; 1 block from electric; 7 minute* from
university. Apply JOSEPH J. MASON, Real
Estate. Berkeley Station.
ELEGANT new 10-room house; lot 50x160:
walking distance of University of California,
Berkeley; also three new houses, Just started.
M. L. WURTS. v
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland. '
RARE opportunity to get a good home cheap;
story and a half house: 6 rooms, bath, pan-
try, folding doors, mantel, brick foundation;
good well of water; barn for 2 horses: chicken
houses; lot 35x135; price $1150; only $100 cash,
. balance $12 monthly; close to railroad station,
electric cars, churcnes and stores; unsur-
passed marine view; take Berkeley train, get
oft at Lorln station, aFk for RUDOLPH &
PERKINS; office open Sundays and evenings.
uTllegass tract.
within fi MINUTER from university,
6 minutes from station.
LOTS l«0 FEET IN DEPTH.
The cheapest, cnoice*t property in Alameda
County.
Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON,
Rra! Estate. Berkeley Station.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
ITVALE REAL - jTATE.
LARGE level lots. $400; only $25 down; street
work done; sewers, • water, gas, fin? school
close by; near railroad station and Oakland I
electric lin<": half-hourly trnlne to. city; 5c
fare; glorious climate; build a home to suit |
yourself; easy payments: no city taxes. SYN-
DICATE INVESTMENT CO., Frultvale sta. j
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS^
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A CHOICE of four 4-room cottages between
San Pablo' aye. and Telegraph aye., North i
Oakland; prices^ ranging from $775 to $1000
each; also a good building lot near San Pablo
avenue, location and price on application. !
R. J. MONTGOMERY. 470 Thirteenth St.,
Oakland. -
$10,000— established business. Apply to E.
E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ELEGANT new house of S rooms, laun-
dry and bath; very finest finish; modern in
every respect; nicely located; fine lawn, etc.;
terms can be arranged. . . ?-, : -
GEO. B. M. GRAY,
454 Ninth st.
$2400— A VERY pretty new 6-room Colonial
house; sunny exposure; good location; all lat-
est improvements; 50-foot lot; cars handy on
either side. GEO. B. M. GRAY.
454 Ninth st.
$4300— ELEGANT new house of 8 rooms, laun-
-1 dry and bath; plate-glass windows; every-
thing of the very latest; situated between
Telegraph aye. and Grove st. ; lot 50x140; a
very choice home. GEO. B. M. GRAY,
434 Ninth st.
A BIG snap; - acres of land situated in North
Oakland; party is very desirous of selling;
former price- was $2000 per acre, but now
party will take JlsOO cash for both acres if
sold quickly. Address 1167 Eighth St., Oak-
land.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
FURNISHED house; 6 rooms; gas and coal
ranges: rent low. Address 1463 Twenty-third
aye.. East Oakland. . . -
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
SUNNY bay-window suite; kitchen, front
housekeeping suites; also unfurnished. 715
Eighth st . Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. ths
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE- No. 96 (fifty
cents per share) Of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St., on and after Fri-
day, Sentember 1. 1599. - Transfer books will
. close on Saturday. August 26. 1599, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE Dividend No. 70 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutehlnson, Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market st., on and after
Monday, August 21, 1899.
Transfer bocks will close on Tuesday. Au-
gust 15, 1599. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices^and be
j Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
I LOFTUS— In this city. August 16, 1899, to the
wife ■■■' James Loft us, a son.
! WKRTHMAN— In this city, August 17, 1599, to
the wife of B. Werthman. a daughter.
MARRIED.
HOLMES— RANGE— In this city, August 20.
IRW, by the Rev. C. A. Parkin, William E.
Holmes .-in.! Etta I. Ranee.
DIED.
Altvator. Frledrlch Klndelon, Edward F.
Bahrs, Lizzie Knimheck. Dledrich
Barthol.l, Max Mu(]l»nha\vpt, Fred-
Beer, Bernard crick
COx, Annie Morris. Benjamin S.
Coryell Dr. John R. Noon, Martin a.
Faber, Elsie M. Pallid. Vincenzo
Farro, Joseph Perry, James W.
I Fields, Arthur M. Rlley. Mary G.
1 Herold. Ruth V. B rgo, Mamie
I Herald, Albert F. Sanderman, Vivian
Jennings, Thomas Tletjen, Ernst H.
Weeks. William H.
I ALTVATER-In this city. August 19. 1899,
Friedrich Altvater. a native of Germany,
aged ' .: years. •
Remain* at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
; Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.
I BAHRS In this city, August 19, 1599, Lizzie,
beloved daughter of the late Andrew and
Fredericka Dorothea Bahrs, and sister of
Hon. George H. Bahrs. Mrs. Louis Schafer,
Mrs. Chris Werner. Mrs. Fred Wagner. Mrs.
William Pagan and Julia. Amelia and An-
drew Bahrs, a nntive of San Francisco, aged
19 years 2 months and ' days.
0 'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to .v n.l the funeral thlß day
(Monday), at ! o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theo. Dlerks, 957 Mission street. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. ;.■,::'
BARTHOLD— In this city, August 19, 1899, Max.
dearly beloved husband of Dorathea Barthold.
father of Emma, Alma and Minnie Barthold,
brother of Albert,. Adolph and Herrman Bar-
thold. Mrs: A. Htldebrand'and Minna "Bar-
thol.l, son-in-law of "*-.«. "D. MashofT. and
brother-in-law of George Thomlng. Mrs. J.
Klarmann, Mrs. H. Ko'ck. Mrs. M. Funs.
Mrs. C. Kinder and Mrs. C. Mark?, a native
of Veckermunde. Province Pommern. Ger-
many, aged 14 years 1 month and 10 days.
A member of Memorial I^odge No. 174. A. O.
U. W.. Norddeutscher Vcrein and Gambrinus
Vereln.
CC."?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
! dence. 2815 Nineteenth street, near Bryant,
thence to Shiela Hall, 32 O'Farrell street.
] where funeral sefvic^s will be held. Commenc-
ing at 2 o'clockr Interment l. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
1 BEER— In this city. August 19, 1899, Bernard,
beloved husband of Rose Beer, and father of
Ivan, Mosle and Haldee Beer, a native of
Bohemia, Austria, aged 42 years and 2
months,
K7Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), nt 10 o'clock, from his late, resi-
dence, 1750 Ellis street, between Steiner and
Pierce. Interment New Salem Cemetery by
11:30 o'clock funeral train from Third and
Tow-isend rtr« ets.
COX— In this city, August 20, 1899, Annie Cox,
beloved aunt of Mrs. James Minlean. Mrs.
C. B. Rode, Mrs. Frank McGulre and Mrs.
M. Burns, a native of Town of Sllgo, Ire-
land, aged SO years.
CORYELL— In this city, August 20. 1839, Dr.
John R. beloved husband of Zoo : Belleati
Coryell, and father of Mrs. M. R. Krigbaum
and Joseph, John and Eva Coryell, a native
of Zanesville, Ohio, aged 76 years S months
and 20 days.
(TTKotice of funeral hereafter.
FABER— In this city. August 20. ISM. Elsie
Marie, dearly beloved and only child of Herr-
man and Lottie Faber. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 9 years 2 months and 3 days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th.? funeral to-morrow I
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 1064 Turk street, between Taylor
and Jones. Interment I. O. 0.. F. Cemetery.
FARRO— In this city, August 20. 1899. Joseph,
beloved husband of Bernarda Farro. and
father of Mrs. Davller.and Manuel, Frank
and the late Francis Farro, a native of Por-
tugal, aged 68 years.
(ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
FIELDS— In Alameda, August 20, 1899, Arthur
Mnreellus, son of .Tame* L. and Frances A.
Fields, aged 15 years 2 months and 25 days.
£7" Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Tuesday), nt 1 o'clock, at 2141 Clinton ave-
nue, Alamedn.
HEROLD— In this city. August 20, 1599. Ruth
V., beloved daughter of Fred W. and Minnie
Herold, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
yean 3 months and 29 days; also In this city,
August 19, 1899, Albert E.. beloved son of
Fred W. and Minnie Herold, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 months and 19 days.
(CT Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the family
r»si(lence. 914 Alabama street, between Twen-
ty-first and Twenty-second. Interment pri-
vate. '^- ; '.'■.".'■:*■.■..'-:■-.
JENNINGS— A month's mind mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Thomas Jennings at St. Ignatius Church I
this day (Monday), commencing at 9:30 j
o'clock. Friends ure respectfully invited to
attend.
KINDELON— In this city, August 20. 1899, Ed-
. ward Francis, beloved son of Mary C. and
- Patrick J. Klndelon, and brother of James
C. Joseph and Kitty Klndeion, a native o£
San Francisco, aged 13 years 10 months and
16 days. (New York papers please copy.) •
C^Frlendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from 22» Capp street,
thence to St. Charles Church, where a re-
quiem high mars will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing: at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
KRUMBECK— In this city. August 20, 1899,
Dledrich, beloved husband of the late Anna
Krumbeck, and father of Mr*. G. W. Love
and Henry and Lena Krumbeck. a native of
Bodcrkesa, Germany, aged 65 years 1 month
and 20 days. (Brooklyn, N. V., papers please
copy.)  .-
lT?"Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the - funeral Wednes-
day" August 23, at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 337 Vi Twelfth street, between Fol-
Bom and Harrison. Interment I. -O. O. F.
Cemetery.
MUHLENHAWPT— Oakland. August 20.
IW9 nt th" residence of his niece, 459 Or-
chard street, Oakland, Frederick Muhlen-
hawpt, a native of Russia-Germany, aged 76 I
ycari 4 months and 14 days..
ir.XFriFn.ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
Mrs. Vlckroy. Yolo County, Cal. Interment I
Yolo Cemetery.
MORRIS— In this city. August 19, ! 1599, Benja-
min S., beloved husband of -. Ray Morris,
HhNRY J. GALLAGHhR CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND ALMER3.
20 Fifth st., cppoßit* Lincoln dChnoU '.'.
Telephone South W. -
I^lc/*VOV «fc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMKAiiIERS,
1236 Market St., between Sth and 9th.
Telephone, South 247.
father of Harry and Sidney Morris, and broth-
er of Julius, Joseph and Henry Morris ana
Mrs. Minnie Wallenberg\of Burns, Or., a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 43 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services ,
this day (Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, at his late
residence. 140. r . Steiner street. Interment Hills ;
of Eternity Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train I
from Third' and Townsehd streets.
NOON— In Oakland, August IS, ISOP. Martin '
Aloysius, dearly beloved and youngest son of i
William and Mary A. Noon, a native of San
Francisco, aged 16 years 1 month and 12 days. :
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service's ;
this day (Monday), at 9 o'clock, at the
parent*' residence, 1366 Fifteenth street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
I emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
| •repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 clock.
I Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
PALISI— In this city. August in. 1894, Vincenzo, ,
dearly beloved brother of Joseph and Thomas
Pallsi, a native or Italy, aged 30 years.
PERRY— In this city, August 17, : 18&9. James j
W., beloved husband of Ida Perry, and father
of Amy Perry, a native of Boston, aged 52 |
years.
lE7"FTit-nds and Acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the Interment from
the vault of Laurel Hill Cemetery. Funeral .
services were held at 909 Market street, Sun- (
day. August 20, 1593, at 2 o'clock, under the ;
auspices of Ivanhoe Lodge No. 5, K. of P. j
On account of Coroner Hill neglecting to sign ;
the death certificate interment will be held i
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock.
RILEY— In this city, August 20. ISM. Mary
Gertrude, youngest daughter of .fane and the
late Michael Riley, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
tt:?"Th> funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2118 Howard street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo Church, where a solemn re-
quiem hlah mass will be celebrated for the '■
rnpose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. ■
Interment private in Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
SPAROO (nee SHEA)— In this city. August 19, j
1899, Mamie,' dearly beloved wife of John
Spargo, mother of Aloysius Spargo. daughter i
of Mr. and Mrs. Denis Shea, and sister of i
Dan, Jolm and Lizzie Shea, a native of New
York, aged 29 years 2 months and 26 days.
ID^Frlende and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Jefferson Hotel, Harbor View, thence
to St. Sebastian Chapel. Presidio, where a
solemn requiem mass will he celebrated for '
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 i
O'clock, thence to Mount Calvary Cemetery. I
SANDERMAN— In this city, August 20. 1599.
Vivian Frances, beloved daughter of George
F. and Nellie Sandermnn, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 months and 3 days.
TIETJEN— In Castroville. August 18, 1899,
Ernst H.. beloved husband of- Alice Tletjen,
father of George A. Tlotjen,' son of John and
Sophie Tletjen. son-in-law of Mr. and Mrs.
Larney. and brother of Millie, Fred. Henry
and Edward Tletjen. a native of San Fran- i
cisco, aged 32 years 2 months and 6 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral this da:
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi- ;
dence, *5 Albion avenue, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth streets. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. 9H?68
WEEKS-In this city. August 20, ISM. William .
H. Weeks, a native of Maine, aged 69 years
3 months and 19 days.
■ /'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel at the Golden Bate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
IV cat her Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Timp.l
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 20, I p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
I reported from stations In California to-day:
j Eureka 62] San Diego 70
j Fresno 88 1 Sacramento "2
Los Angeles 76' Independence SS
Red Bluff SOI Yuma 104
San Luis Obispo . 70 !
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
£2: minimum, ">3: moan, 53.
'WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally cloudy along the
coast from Cape Mendoclno north, and over
Washington, Oregon, Idaho and Northern Ne
vada: elsewhere on the Pacific Slope fair
I weather prevail?. Rain has fallen over Wash
ington. Oregon and Northern Nevada.
The pressure ha? ripen over the northwestern
I portion of the t-ountry and fallen over the
1 plateau and Rocky Mountain region.
The temperature hp« fallen over the Pacific
i Slope, except in Utah. Arizona, Southern Ne
| vada and Southeastern California. ■ The fall
i was greatest in Eastern Oregon, where it
amounted to thirty degrees.
Conditions are favorable for fair and some
what warmer weather in California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight August 21:
Northern California— Fair Monday, except
cloudy along the extreme northwest coast:
warmer in the interior: brisk northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; cooler In
! the interior: fresh west wind.
.Nevada — Cloudy Monday, probably with
showers In the north portion; cooler.
Utah— Cloudy, With showers Monday: cool*r.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Monday; probable
! showers in the mountains of the north portion;
cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
warmer; fresh northwest wind.
O. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
: " — — . '■
«. _ »
Sun, Moon and Tide.
4 — . *
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of Hlßh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, AUGUST 21.
NOTK— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
I day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
i second time column srives th» second tide of
I the day. the third time column the third tide
and the list or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
i three tides, as sometimes occur. The height*
! piven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slfrn ( — ) precedes the heleht.
and then the number Riven Is subtracted from
the depth Riven by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters
Steamer Movements.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
. Sunday, August 20.
Stmr Walla "Walla. Gage, 58& hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports. ■
Stmr Corona, D«bney, 61% hours from San
Diego ■ and way . ports:
■ Stmr Pomona. Shea, 18 hours from Eureka.
■ Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen. 72 hours fm Grays
Harbor.
Ptmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 4S hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, So hours from
Nanalmo.
Stmr Gipsy, Le'.and, 30 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Hall, 53 hours from
Coos Bay. ... .■ ... .
Stmr Sur.ol, Liebig, 2 Ohours from t'sal.
Bark Chas B Kenney, Anderson, 15 clays fm
Prince William Sound.
Bktn Portland, Larsen, S days frm Olympla.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 14 hours from Bow
ens Landing:.
Schr Mary C, Madsen, S hours from Fort
Ross.
SAILED. '
■:.•'.'■■- Sunday. August 20.
V S Btmr BfiTiKor, Miller, Astoria. .."
Stirr Progreso, Monroe. Seattle.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall. San Pedro. i
Strrir "Weeott, Ellis, < Eureka. I
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson. Bear Harbor.,
Stmr Monitor. Tur'.ofT, Eureka.
Stmr Mineola, Daviil. Nanaimo.
Ptmr Alex Duncan.' Buehard. MOU Landing.
Schr American Girl, Koos, Port Gamble.
Srhr Jennie Wand, Christiansen. Seattle.
Echr Ida McKay, Lihtola, Grays Harbor.
.-' .:. r' • TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— 20. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind X\V; velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
SAX PEDRO— Sailed Au 20-Schr Maria E
Smith, for Port Gamble. '
TACOMA— Sailed Aug; 19— Bark Kate Daven
port, for San Francisco.
Arrived Auk 18— Stmr Umatllla, hence Aug 14. J
port TOWNSEND— Aug 20— Schr
Corona, from Port I>udlo\v for Guaymas.
Sailed Auk Ger bark Plui«, for Hamburg; ■
pchr C S Holmes, for Honolulu; bark Northern
Light, for Hnihp Harbor.
SEATTLE— Arrived Auk 20— Stmr Willamette,
hence Aur 16.
PORT LOfl ANGELES— Aug 20— Stmr
Alcatraz.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug: Schr Abble,
from Cappar.
Sailed A'lg 17— Ptmr Pasadena and schr Ber
tha Dolbeer, for Eureka.
REDONDO— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr San Pe
dro, from Newport South.
For Late Shipping Sop Second Page.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fc_^ Steamers leave Broadway
fSStai*^ wharf, Pan Francisco.
* fiS*a«s^_^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
1 iaPl*??^ August 19, 21. 29, September 3, '
' 1 Krfc.PGß'^iil change at Seattle.
' BKffx3i% Sal For Victoria. Vancouver (n. '
1 SBganptfJgQl C). Part Townsend, Seattle.
■*' Tacotna, Everett. Anacorteg ;
and New Whatcom (Wash.). ■
10 a. m. August 19, 24. 29.
September 3, and every fifth day thereafter:
I change at Seattle to this company's steamers for i
i Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; nt Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ;
at Vancouver to ('. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. August
■ 17, 22. 27. September 1, and every fifth day
thereafter.
' For Santa Cruz, Monterey, Pan Simeon.
Cayueos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). |
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
Pan Tedro, East Pan Pedro (Los Angeles) and '
Newport, 9 a. m . August 20, 24. 2S, September i
1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles ami Redondo (Los Angeles).. 11 a.
m., August 18. 22. 26. 30, September 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For En*enada. Maedalena Bay. San Jof>e del
Cabo. 'iti..!i. Altata, La Paz. Santa rait*
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
m< nth.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
aM hour* of unlllnr.
TICKET OFFICK-4 New Montgomery
street rPalace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
. 10 Market St.. Ran Francisco.
THE 8. R. & N. CO.
. * BIBPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a, m.
FARC *! 2 First Class Including Bert*
I Hilt $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA falls
Aug. 26. Sept. '
! COLUMBIA sails Aug. 21. 31. Sept. 10
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*
Helena and all oolnts In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. 1
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORE, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wodnesday.- 10 a. m.
New York.:. . August 23 New York ...Sept. IS
St. Louis August 30 St. Louis Sept 20
St. .September 6 St. Paul... September 27
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwcrn.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon
Noorland Aug. 2.VWp«;crnland ...Sept 13
Frle.=!and Aug. .in Kensington ....Sept. 2n
Southwark Sept. C|Nordland Sept. 27
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Da'.vson City.
For Full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery Ft., or any of its agencies.
TOYO to? KAISHA.
STEAMER? WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
*-»ner First and Brannan street. 1 p. m for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting' at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MART Friday, October fi
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. September 12
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates For
freight and paseage apply at company's office
421 Market St.. cor. First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
@SaRSfiBB3S?S The P. 8 - Australia
iJBsSSBTaPj'MIIs for Honolulu
IT rm " sf - 1 * Wednesday, August 23,
jgp .*• — »^ at 2 p. m.
fiyn/^T^S S. S. Alameda sails
rt3ftfllHSnin&) vla Honolulu and
GflCQlllJllly^ Auckland for Sydney
/n(T|R^I/l r J- Wednesday, September
IViHWijlMsr,;. at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I. U. SfKtCKELS & BROS. CO., Ag!o.. lUMontqomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. . Freight Office. 327 Market St.
COKPAQNIE GENERALS TRAN3ATI.ANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. „<-££•
Bailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <*jTrJtH
from "Pier 42, North River, fool of -****"? -•*
Morton st. LA NORMAN L'IE. August 16: LA
TOURAINE, Sept. 2; LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept.
9: LA CJASCOGNTC, Sept. 10: LA BRET AON E,
Sept. 22. First-class to Havre. $63 aij4up-
wnrd, a per cent reduction on round trip, Sec-
ond class to Havre. 145. 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson biilldlng). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI i CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD and vallejo.
Steamer "Monticello." ;
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Pat. at 9:45 :
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Than, bight), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
FARE .■ 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
/ IHE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PAT.ATE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
rates. "-•'■•:;*■-;;;_■!
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 62S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND office, 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara Street.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto" Ferry
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30. a. m.. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip en Monday, v Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m., Returning Same Even-
ing, arriving in San Francisco at 11:20
p. m. -•• "Z*s&H&lJ£sf*&kwß&USl
SUNDAYS. 8,. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:43. 2:30
-■ and 4 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THO3 COOK & SON. A_ts.. 821 Market at
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
sofTTiir.Knr PACIFIC COMPAjrr.
(PACing BnfKX.)
Trains ■<>»««■ »uil nrn «*.»«• *« »rr«»o nt
hah riuiiviwo.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From August 2, 1393. — aerivi
7:OOa. JJrnicia, Suieim md Sacramento.... 0:-13p
1:»Oa Wan-S7i!lc, OroT'.deaud licddi.:g via
Woodland 5:45p
7:00 a Ekclra, VacaviHo and Enm3cy ..... 8:j0f
~::5«a Marthez, Sau ßamon, Vallejo. Naiis,
CalistogaandSauta Kosa 6:1.»p
«:<»O* Atlantic KxpTCSß.()cden »nd i:a.st.. 9t13&
>*!U«)a ,San .Jose. JUTcriaore, Stockton, >- ■•:
f. love, Sacnuiinito, Placcrtillo. . -
MnrytvlUo. Ohico, Ked Uluff «il.lp
RiOO.\ "Milton, Oikdr.le and Monara 4:15p
8:3Oa -Yo9emite Valley via Oakdalo and
Obloeso •*:»•?*.
O:0Oa wards, Niks and Way Stations. IItSWA
oiOOa Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno tUilsp
ViOOa lfraano, UakersHelil .Hunt* Barbara,
Los Aogotes, Deming. El Paso,
Now Orleans aud East 8:4."5p
IO:OOa Vallejo. Martinet and Way Stations 7i-l3p
11 :«Oa Ilaywards, Nilea and Way Stations. B: 13p
12:00 m Nilcs, Livermore. Stockton, Sacra-
mento, MendoU, llanford, Visa'.ia,
Pcrtcrrille 4:15p
•l:OOp Sacramento lUverStenmt.'r3. •S:OOp
8:00p Hayw»rd.i. Nile* and Way Stations. 6:13 p
4:O(li- Mpi'tinuz, Sail UaIBOB, Vallejo,
Napa, i.'iili«*',,'.i. Santa Uosa »»lOa
4>oor BcDici.i, Vacaulle, Kacrmueuto,
Woodland. ICuigbts Landine, -
MarjstUle, Orovillo lO:|r>*
4i3Op Son. lodoaud Stockton 7:15p
4:80p Yosemlto Sleeping Car for Raymond 13:13p
••.OOfTjio Owl. Tracy. Fresno, llakere-
licld, Baafna for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles...... 0:45 i
QtitOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno..., 12:15p
0:301- Martinez, Tracy, Uendota, Fresno,
Mojavo mil I. oa Angeles ' B:4l>a
6<3ttr Santa Vu ltoute, Atlantic \'x press
■ for Molaro mil Hart 6:43p
• iOOi Chicago-San Francisco Special,
aud Bus* '. S:."»Op
6:00p Ilaywards, NileaandSan Jose 7:4.>*
•S:OUi> Vallejo 12:13p
J7:oop Yallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta- "■•'-'•'
tious ....; Jo:33p
8:03 Oroßou Ktpipra, iiiT^eutci. Marys-
fills, It,- Mini;, Portland, X'uget
S.n:iid mid i;^i. 8;13A
COAST DIVISION (Harrow Unuge).
< _ (Foot of Market Street.)
l J7i4sa Santa Cruz Excursion fur Santa
, Cruz and Principal \V?,y Stations JB:6sf
Bil3ANewark,Center»ille,SanJose,Fetton, ■ J .•'■'-'
Boulder Crock, t a Qniz and Way
Btatious 5:50»
*SilOp Mevark, CentcrTillo, Pan Jose, Now
Aluiadep, Fclton, Houlder Creok,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •10:30*
4ilßp San Jose, Gleuwood and Way Sta-
tlons B:ao*.
MilSpFcltou. Santa Cruz and War Sta.
• Huns / 9<a«>A.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SiX FHiSCIECO Feet c? Msrk*t Street (Slip 8)—
•7:18 0:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 ♦2:03 t3:00
•4:00' tB=M *0:03i-.m. .
frcmO.lUND— foot Broadwi;.— "0:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 *I:C3 t2:00 . »3:00 tI:C3 "3:00 p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Rroad Uatige).
(Third and To.vnsend Sts.)
. •6:M(A Ocean View, .South San l'ranci: -jo . . *ot3op
■^sOOa San Jose ai il Way Stations (Now i
Alinadi'ii Wediiesdayaonly).. «8«00a
:3Oa Sunday Excursion trt Santa Cruz,
Piteitto tiroro and l'rincipal Way
Stations tS:33p
«:OOa San Jneo, Trot PiiKis. Bantn Cruz.
Pacillc Qrofo. PaM ltoiilcs, Sail
Lntl O!>iKpo, Sort Lompoc ami
Principal Way Ktutlinia 4:10p
10:10* San JoMaiMi Way Btatloni 11:33 a.
ll:a«»A San Jose and Way Stations l:30p
•2:43p San Hateo, ltedwood, Menlo Park,
Pain Alto, fiaut.i Clara. Ban .lose,
llollictcr. BaiiU Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey and I'ar!(lc Grove «10::jbA
•8:Itop San Jose. Santa Cruz, Ficifio Grove
and Principal Way Station* # 7:30p
•4:15p San Joso and Principal Way Stations 0:1.5*
*3t(MlpSan Jose and Principal Way Stations *S:USA
.*>:::Oi> BaaJflsean<l Principal Way Stations "9:<>o*
«:!lOi- Ban Joso mid V.'nyK'alious n-.'.utf
HIM.'. !• San .Tf-«" Way Htations t~::iiie
A for Morning 1' for Afternoon.
•Hniidayfixcepted. t Suaaay only. I Saturday only.
bSaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Firry, Foot of Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m..; 12:33,
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:&0
and 11:30 p. m.
iUNDAYB 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:3).
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:30. 9:20, 11:10 a, m. ; 12:45,
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAVS— R:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
came schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
San Francisco. I In Effect San Francisco.
1 ■ ! April 18, .
Week Sun- Ist?. Sun- We»
Days. days. I Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am S:00 am Novate, '10:40 am| 8:40 am
3:3" pmj 9:30 am Fetaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pmj Santa ties* 7:35 pm 6:20 pm,
Fulton,
7:30 am Winds 10:25 am
Heaids-burff,
Lytton,
GeyserviHe,
1:30 pm! 8:00 am GloverdaJe. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am • Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pm S:ooam Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:to pm
7:30 am| ' , 10:25 am
J 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm j 6:20 prn
7:30 am S:ooam| Sonoma *10:40 am 8:40 am
and
k 6:lopm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am 1 Sebastopol. -10:40 am 10:23 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm! I 7:35 pm 6:2) pm
Stajes connect at Ssnta Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Ljrtt i
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagrgs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geyeers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Barings, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Spring?; at Ukinh for Vichy
Sprinirs. Saratoga Si rings, Blue Lake?. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside- Llirley's,
Bucknell's. Banhedrtn Heights, Hullville.
Booneville, Philo. Christine, Sods Springs.
Nevarro. Whiteeboro. Albion. Little River.
Orr'p Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. I'pal, Willitts, Laytonville, Cum-
mins s=. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer;
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. • . ■ . ';•,"
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, teO Market St.. Chronicle bldp.
H. C WHITING, R. X. RYAN. '
General Manager. Gen. Pa-s. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saitsalito Ferry.
Commeacf-' April -o. 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7:00. *S:CO, 9:30. 11:00 a. a.:
•1:45. 3:20. 4:00, *6:00. 6:30 p. b.
EXTRA TRIF'S— For Mill Vallsy and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, nt 9:00 and 11:30 p. rrt. . '
SUNDAYS— »9:00. «10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a.
m.; 1:00. *1:«, '2:30. «4:00. 5:30. 5:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'i Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val"y Sunday*.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN AFA EL TO SAN 1 FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «6:40. 7:55. 8:40. '10:20
a. m. ; 12:30. 2:15. «3:40. 4:33. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m,
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. *S:00. •9:45, »10:45, '11:43
a. m.: 1:00. 2:20. *3:30. *5:15. '6:00. 7:00. 10:15
p. m. — -•-• -".";-
. Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4B, 6:SO. 7:55. 8:65. 10:3S
a. m. . 12:35. 2:45. 4:55. 6:20 p. r\ -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays nt 7 'oo. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS - 8:00 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05.
1:20. 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:20 p. m. Saturdays Cazadero and way -ita'ns.
6:18 p. m. week' days (Saturdays excepted)—
. Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1819, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. i North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. | Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. IBM Exc'ptd Daily.
7:20 am[lo:3o am Stockton I 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
910 am ! 2:06 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 prn Fresno 9:10 am 2:42 pm
11:3S am! 7:45 om Hanford 7:4". ami 1:45 pm
2-25 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11 69 am) 6:25 pm Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare S:5O ami 1:05 pro
Stopping at intermediate points as required: .
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market St..
San Francisco.
/f Dr.jßlfcbon^ Dispensary.
MotsfxJxk *>2o KEJIE» If «1. Kstabllsned
ItfH fi^aSSo in S Bs * lor tiic treatment of I'rivato
Diseases, Lost Manhciud Debility
02SKE.iESlf«. Kstaoiisned
In 1U54 for the tr"at:nent oi Private
Diseases, LostSlaubood Deoillty or
K^wJiJifii disease- wearing on boU;,;indminaaGd
♦Sferv^iV' i Skin Diseases. rhedcou)rcurBsnli?n
*? i WK»rfc} s '*3 otl!eis ' 111 - Try him. Clmr?e3 low
BSSSS"-Eii2i t'nrenciiHranfpert. C.-Jlorwrita
»r. J. if. «*£B2*O9f. JUojf. l'JS7.Sac i.-ianoisoo
910
ANOTHER BUTLER IS
ON HIS WAY HERE
Frederick W. Hayball Wanted
in England for Murder,
He Is a Sailor and Supposed to Be On One
of Half a Dozen Vessels Now Com
ing to San Francisco.
THF, harbor police have another
Butler case en their hands. This
time the murderer is supposed to
i><* on his way here from England
on any one of half a dozen vessels.
In Butler's case the police knew he was
on the Swanhilda and was coming here
from Newcastle, Australia, but In the
present instance they will have to keep
a lookout for every vessel that left Eng
land for this port between May 20 and 31.
Frederick William Hayball, sailor, is
wanted for the murder of his wife by the
chief constable of Bristol, England. Hay
ball and his wife were not a happy couple,
end on a number of occasions the husband
was sent to prison for beating her. Once
Fhe left him and for three years sup
ported herself and child. In the mean-
Time Hayball made two voyages to Aus
tralia, and from there to San Francisco
end then home. On returning after the
second voyage he persuaded his wife to
live with him again.
For a year the couple got along all right,
Hayball making a living as a 'longshore
man. At the <nd of the year he began
beating his wife again, and she had him
arrested and he was sent to Jail. After
serving his sentence Hayball went home
and once more commenced to ill treat his
wife, at the same time telling her if she
had him arrested again h>- would kill her.
This was= in March last, and the following
April Mrs. Hayball had her husband ar
again.
When Hayball got out of jail he went
-ht home and found his wife hard at
work. His little daughter was playing in
the yard, but he took no notice of her as
urried Into the house. The bupi
lion is that Ilis wife heard him coming
and tried to lock herself in the bedroom.
The neighbors paid no attention to her
ms, thinking she was only getting
another beating.
Hayball had tak«ni a small hatchet with
him a iieiv.l the house. With it
FREDERICK WILLIAM HAYBALL WANTED BY THE tNG
LISH POLICE FOR WiFE MURDER.
)ic forced the door, and then almost : may be a sailor, will not be due here for
chopped his wife's head to pieces. After a month. As each vessel comes In Ber
making sure that she was dead the nv.ir- geani Steve Bunner and Officer W. Fer
rjerer went into the kitchen and washed qua in will board it off Meiggfl wharf, and
the hatchet. He then ouu.-tlv and dellber- if Havball is aboard he will be arrested.
AUTOGRAPHED
PHOTOGRAPHS
FOR A SONG
WAS it not Zangwill who said that if
writing his name on bits of paper
and scattering them broadcast added
to the sum total of human happiness,' he
for one was ready to do it? Now that was
very thoughtful of him; very generous.
Perhaps the same spirit actuated Miss
Bates when she gave recently a souvenir
photograph matinee. Or was it a coup?
"Was it the result of pressure? Was she
snowed under and was this a gracious
way of plowing herself out of town? The
photograph matinee must be an insti
tution of the future — and what Is more
the autograph must be added. Two pro
fessionals, whose anonymosity I am
bound by a promise to preserve, have,
during a short season in San Fran
cisco, received individually close upon
300 letters asking for autographed
photographs. Scarce one stamp among
he lot. That's an item quite forgot.
Some .folks fancy, don't you know, stamps
and photographs just "grow. "You are
adorable; your acting Is perfect; your
voice is liquid silver and the picture you
sond shall pre-empt and ever hold a con
spicuous place on my dressing table — is
the overhandled theme of the notes.
Sometimes the song reaches the piercing
cadenza of "angelic," "divine!" The pro
fessionals of whom I speak are too well
bred to disclose the authorship, but all
are not so considerate, so one should
ever beware what he puts above a signa
ture.
But what I meant to say Is this. Each
of the 400 askers Is probably equally
worthy the thing he covets. How. then,
shall a selection be made? Sometimes a
little messenger, with the hat and habit
and bearing of the cultured, gone uncon
ventional In a hot sympathetic moment,
gets what he seeks and more, but he is
the exception. These claimant demanders
Intend honestly, but when one considers
the expense, financial, mental and physi
ntely cooked and ate the meal the dead
woman hart been preparing for herself,
and then he went to a saloon near by. A
couple of hours later a neighbor went to
the house and found the body of the
woman.
The (load woman had a presentiment
that she was going to lose her life. She
told a friend she felt as if she were go-
Ing to be killed, and she asked her friend
to come around at noon just to see If she
was all right. The neighbor came around
at noon, only to find that the unfortu
nate woman's presentiment had come
true.
Hayball, when notified of his wife's mur- '
der, "was taking a drink. He swallowed i
the whisky and then said he would take
another and go to the house. Instead of
going to the house he disappeared, and
eluding the Bristol police he got away and .
took ship for San Francisco.
There are eight vessels on their way to j
San Francisco, any one of which may |
have Hayball among the crew. They are
the British ship Duchalburn, now out I
eighty-nine days, which saijed from Lon- ,
don four days after the murder: the Bea- |
con Rock, eighty-eight days out from Lon
don: the British ship Glenbreck, ninety
days from Swansea; the French barks
Salnte Annie. Cambronne and Genevieve
Molinos, all eighty-nine days out from
Swansea, and the British ship Dunsdale, j
eighty-two days, and bark Inversnaid,
eighty-six days, from Cardiff.
The description of the murderer for- |
warded to Chief of Police Lees is as fol- j
lows: "Frederick William Hayball, a sea
man, but has recently worked as a dock j
laborer: about M years of age, 5 feet 9^l
inches high, dark brown hair, brown eyes, !
fresh complexion, stout build. Marks, an- j
chor and two blue dots on left forearm. j
Dressed when last seen in a dark coat 1
with a patch on one shoulder, moleskin i
trousers, supposed white muffler with blue ,
spots and cloth cap. Please cause every i
possible Inquiry to be made, and If found [
arrest and wire the chief constable, Bris
tol."
The fleet, on any one of which Hayball I
cal. necessary to satisfy them, the gap
between intention and action looks 100
wide (i ■ n to sprawl over. It is a case
of forgetting to multiply yourself by all
others of like mind.
The professional life ip a hard one. Ap
plause is their due. It is meat and drink
fi m:iny. But such food, too highly sea-
Boned and offered as a bribe, is very in
digestible. The professional needs rest.
When the part is played he would lay
it quietly aside and take hold of some
thing else, and that something —be it
known— is not a bundle of letters wherein
the whole .world begs at the top of its
voice, for the pittance of a set of features
on a card, the same made valuable by a
name sometimes Rraciously written by
the feature's private secretary. How Im
personal and absurd It all seems.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
■ ■
Died While Decorating.
Thomas Kr-arns. aged 54 years, a ship
ealker by occupation, dropped dead yes
terday forenoon at the headquarters of
the Ship-oalkers' Association on Market
and Steuart streets. The members of
the association hod decided to decorate
their headquarters for the arrival of the
• 'allfrrrnia volunteers, and had asked for
volunteer! to perform the work yester
day Among those who consented to
lend a band was Kearns. He was on
time, and started in to help, and while
carrying a plank from the sidewalk to
the building dropped di ad. It was known
that he had ben suffering from heart
trouble for some time, and his death,
while sudden, was not wholly unexpect
ed. The body was removed to the
Morgue.
The Evils of Strikes.
In a prelude to his regular sermon Rev.
Frederic C. Lee, pastor of the Califor
nia-street M. E. Church, discussed the
recent strikes in Brooklyn and Cleveland.
In part he said:
The recent strikes in Brooklyn and Cleveland
furnlßh me with a dozen different Inter™™
tion points Why thU unrest among the labor
ing elaeaes? Why these strikes, rlou. blood
shed and bitterness? Why should there he
this apparent never-to-be-settled strife between
capital and labor? That there 1* nothing new
in the labor problem, and that it la old enoueh
to have long: since been settled Is shown by
M. Meopeu, the Egyptologist, in his boo* of
"Historic Reading*." In which he says that,
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 21, 1899.
NEW YOUTHS' DIRECTORY
IS FORMALLY DEDICATED
Impressive Ceremonies in the New Directory Chapel.
WITT! simple yet impressive, cere
monies, Moal Rev. Archbishop
Rlordan dedicated the new
Youths' Directory buildinp. at the
corner nf Nineteenth and Angelica streets.
yesterday morning. The dedication took
place in the chapel of the edifice at 8
o'clock, and a congregation made up
largely of the solicitors of St. Joseph's
Union assembled to assist the mass,
which was celebrated by the Archbishop.
Rev. I). O. Orowley, director of the
home, and Father P. Mulligan acted as
deacorts at the services, and the sub-dea
cons were Fathers P. .7. Cummings, W.
J. Morgan and James Melvin. A choir
the inscriptions and records telling 01 laivr
troubles which took place 3000 years ago in
Egypt might be used with but slight altera
tions to describe the strikes among the Penn
sylvania coal miners, or that of the masons
and bricklayers in any of our large cities.
Before Moses led the Hebrews away from the
brickyards of Egypt, before the building of
Rome, and when Greece ; was in its infancy,
the land of the Nile had strikes and riots
among its worklngmen.
Do I believe in trades unions? Oh, yes.
Trades men have as much right to unite as
merchant men, or medical men or clergymen.
The various trades have as much— yes more—
right to form and organize themselves into
unions for self-protection, self-help and mutual
benefit than the great corporations have to
unite in pools and trusts.
Every laboring man has the inherent right
to his own labor, to dispose of it where and
■when he pleases, and at what may appear to
him the best advantage— but he has no right,
neither as an individual, a union nor a con
federation of unions to mob or murder another
man for exercising this same right.
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
Big Crowds Enjoy the Day at the
Pleasure Places.
Although the crowds at the park and
beach were large yesterday, the absence
of accidents or special incidents placed
the day on the list of quiet ones. The
music was pood, the drive crowded and
soldiers were everywhere in evidence,
and were objects of comment and inter
est.
The crowd at the Chutes was also made
up of thousands of pleasure seekers.
One of the Seymour acrobats Injured his
wrist, and in consequence the Banzards
were tailed upon to take the stage. They
made a big hit with their new Hying act:
Next week Adgie with her lions will
agnin thrill the audience with her daring.
Seats for the reception fund benefit are
being rapidly sold, and it is safe to say
that the house will be crowded to the
doors on Tuesday night when the play
opens.
One of the largest crowds of the season
visited the Cliff House. Sutro baths was
the chief attraction of the day. The fol
lowing races took place:
50-yard dash, novice, won by S.
Sliest, S. Neil second.
50-yard race, juvenile, won by T.
I>a Shusen, T. Donovan, second.
100-yard race, amateur, won by S.
Subach T. La Shusen second.
Tub race. 100 yards, 3 prizes— First,
T. Royal: second, C. Augustus; third,
W, Diienford.
Fancy springboard dive, won by J.
O'Brien. S. Baker second.
High diving, open to all non-profes
sionals, won by C. Donovan, T. Guerin
second.
■ ♦ »
FUNERAL SERVICES HELD.
Knights of Pythias Observe Last
Bites O\*er the Body of James
Perry.
The Knights of Pythias, Ivanhoe Lodge
No. 5, observed the last solemn rites over
the body of their lato comrade, James
Perry, at Pythian Castle, yesterday after
noon, at 2 o'clock. The deceased met with
an accident at the Union Iron "Works last
Monday, from the effects of which he died
on Thursday. He was a plasterer by pro
fession, and leaves a widow and a little
daughter.
After the services at the hall, the body
was taken back to the undertaking par
lors of Hermann Metzler. For some rea
son the death certificate had not been
signed. The remains will be laid to rest
In Laurel Hill Cemetery. ,;.-.:.
"" ~~ ' ■ m ■ '
Point Arena's Postmaster Bead.
H. 8. Symonds, the Postmaster of
Point Arena, was found dead in his bed
at the Yosemlte lodging-house, 1045 Mar
ket street, yesterday morning. The de
ceased had bee-n suffering from stomach
trouble for some time, and he came to
this city last month to place himself un
der the care of a physician. Early yes
terday morning the servants at the Yo
semite House discovered him dead and
notified the Coroner's office. Deputy
Coroners John D. Sullivan and Tom Smith
responded, and had the body turned over
to the board of relief of the Odd Fellows,
to which society he belonged. He was a
member of the Foresters as well as of
the Odd Fellows.
made up of some of the boy? of the hnmi>
intoned several hymns during tht serv
[i as.
The altar had been beautifully decorated
with a profusion of St. Joseph's lilies,
which produced a pleasing effect.
Many <>f the congregation received the
sacrament of the holy eucbarist at iln>
hands of the Archbishop, and the dedica
tion of the buildinp td the service of
caring for the homeless boys was attend
ed throughout by the wst devout atten
tion.
Toward the close of the mass Arch
bishop RJordan delivered the dedication
sermon, In which h^ spoke of the noble
work to which Father Crowley is direct
ing: his best energies and undivided zeal.
DOYLE MAY BE
IN HIDING IN
MARIN COUNTY
Detectives' Mysteri
ous Movements.
DECOY WORK IS SUSPECTED
LEES ENTERS A DENIAL TO CER
TAIN STORIES.
Chief of Police Declares Judge Frick's
Statement Regarding Detective
Cody to Be a Rehash of Un
substantiated Charges.
Chief Lees may believe that Charles
Doyle, alias Howard, alias "Plunger" Hill,
wanted for defrauding Willard Reed
Green of Denver, is on his way to Victo
ria, with the Orient as his ultimate desti
nation, but the movements of his detect
ives are in direct contradiction to such a
theory. For two days detectives have been
quietly at work around San Rafael, and
yesterday two of them were seen and
recognized in Sausalito, facts leading to
the opinion that the wily Chief really
thinks Doyle is in hiding in Marin County
and wishes to entrap his man by having
tales published that he Is probably safe
out of the country. This is an old dodge,
and has oft times proved successful.
Last Friday two men appeared in San
Rafael and interviewed several persons
as regards the whereabouts of a man
whose name they did not give but whose
description iits that of the "plunger."
Whether they were detectives or not no
body seems to know, but they put in a
good deal of their time on Friday and Sat
tirday around the broad gauge depot,
near the stables of the Kelly brothers,
and on Saturday evening took, a late train
for this city.
Yesterday Detectives Graham and Fitz
gerald went to Sausalito and stayed there
the greater part of the forenoon. About
noon they hired a team and went into
the country, in company with Harry Gor
man, an employe of Harvey, the poolroom
operator. On their return to Sausalito
they both told Constable Richard Garrity
they were merely on a pleasure excursion
and were not trying to find Doyle or any
body else.
Chief I^eoß is more amused than an
noyed over the statements that he be
friended Howard. Yesterday he cate
gorically denied the reports from Oak
land of his interest in the prosecution of
Fred Foster, the horseman arrested by
Howard for obtaining money by false pre
tenses from him in connection with tne
purchase of the race horses Yellow Tail
and Sam McKeever.
"I only spoke to Howard twice in my
lite " said the Chief yesterday. "The first
time was when he called upon me as to
swearing out a warrant for Foster's ar
rest. He was not with me more than a
minute or two. 1 rang the bell and asked
Sergeant Colby to send one of the de
tectives in, and Tom Gibson came. I told
Gibson to take Howard to one of the
prosecuting attorneys and get him to
swear to the warrant.
"The second occasion was when Judge
Baker came to me and told me Howard
had sworn to ...e warrant under a false
name, as his real name was Hill. I went
outside and Howard was in the corridor.
I told him what Judge Baker had said,
and he replied that It was all right; that
he took the name of Hill on the race
track, as he did not want his family to
"To Father Crowley," said the Arch
bishop, "we owe this beautiful building,
so ornate and well fitted for the use of
which it was destined. To him and to the
solicitors who have made possible the
opening of this magnificent institution for
destitute boys I desire to extend my con
gratulations.
"This is a noble work in which you are
engaged, and we should be grateful to
God that he permits us to co-operate with
him In brirging souls to salvation. There
is no work greater than that of looking
after little children. The Lord himself
singles them out as special subjects ior
our regard and love. The hope and future
of the world lie in the little ones. As
children are, so will the state and the
church be. Unfortunately, thousands of
boys and girls are neglected, and the
problem that confronts us is, w^at are
we to do with those who are liable to be
come dangerous factors in society and
useless members of the church.
"it is to make good citizens and Chris
tians of these neglected little ones that
the Youths' Directory has been formed, so
that they may make their way in the
World decently, honestly and religiously.
The State has no right to pumsn people,
tf we neglect them in the beginning, 'ihe
State does little for this most important
work. It provides jails for the criminal^
and should provide generously for insti
tutions of this character.
"Let us work zealously to free thin
building from debt. The grand bazaar
which is soon to be held should net at
least $30,000 or $40.imki for every cent of it
will be needed. Lot us put our hearts in
the work of forming- the youth of our land
into poor! men and women. With these
few words I intrust this work tn our
blessed Master and :isk St. Joseph to pro
tect all who labor for it."
At the dose of the servi'-es Fa-her
Crowley showed the Ki'ests throughoii"
iho lino edifice and explained that i; has
cost $125,000, and that there was still a
d« ht of $30,000 to ho paid.
Amonp those who were present were
Rev. Father Frieden, superior of the
Jesuit Order, and Rev. Pius Murphy, su
perior of the Dominicans.
I know that lie was a plunger. The ex
planation seemei] satisfactory.
"I deny absolutely thai i ever saw
Howard in the Palace Hotel or anywhere
else, except on the two occasions I have
mentioned. I also deny that I had any
; thing to do with Attorney Dunne petting
; Into the cast- of Howard against Foster.
! I admit that lie is a warm personal friend
i of mine, but how he got into the Howard
case is not within my knowledge.
"Judge Frick's staten«ent as to Detec
tive Cody is merely a rehash of the
: charges tic made last April and did not
attempt to substantiate. I have Detective
j Cody's statement in reply to the published
charges at that time, and it was shown
that Frick attempted to entrap Cody into
making a proposition to him. so he could
use him as a witness for his client. Fop
ter. If Judge Frick had made charges
against Cody, the Police Commissioners,
as he well knows, would have thoroughly
investigated them."
Regarding the rumor that Howard was
in his Pine-street house Monday and
Tuesday last, the Chief said it was too
absurd" to merit attention. Attorney
Sweeney was at the house on these days,
superintending the packing of Howard's
effects, and the letter-carrier had evi
dently mistaken him for Howard.
ENTERTAINED
AT A DINNER
Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Rodgers Act
as Hosts to Distinguished
Guests.
Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Rodgers pave an
entertaining dinner at their home. 2516
Broadway, last Saturday evening. Their
guests were: Dr. Pritchett, superintend
ent of the Coast and Geodetic Survey;
Colonel and Mrs. Mendell. Commander
Sebree, U. S. N.. and Mrs. Sebree; Major
! Davis. Corps of Engineers. l r . S. A., and
I the Hon. Charles E. Pearce, member of
Confess from St. Louis.
■ ♦ »
VEREIN EINTRACHT SOCIAL.
The First of a Series of Monthly
Meetings Held at Eintracht
Hall Last Night.
The Verein Eintracht gave a very suc
cessful social at Eintracht Hall, 237
Twelfth street, last night. The occasion
was the first of a series of monthly meet
ings that will be given under the auspices
of Ihe Turn section. Gus Audibert, Her
mann Haustein and Chris Goldzene
formed the committee of arrangements of
the enjoyable affair.
After an address by Adolph Becker,
President W. Scheppler of the Turner sec
tion presented prizes to the successful
contestants in the recent Bezirk-Turn fes
tival. Dancing was indulged in until a late
hour. The following are the names of
those who received diplomas:
Third grade — Albert Kuenzi, Bustave
Hotop, Charl.es Krause, William Oeschle.
Second grade— Richard Finn, Louis
Scheppler, Ernest Scheppler. Charles
Kummerlander, Charles Haas, Chris Gold
zene.
First .grade— Robert Martin, Hermann
Haustein, Chris Gerloch, Leon Edelmann.
First group, second prize, Albert Kuenzi.
Second group, second prize, Albert Kuen
zi; third prize, William Helnicke. Third
group, third prize, Louis Scheppler. Ap
paratus turning, third grade, first prize
Charles Krause; second prize, Gustave
Hotop. Second grade, third prize, Charles
Kummerlander.
Special prizes— Dumbbell lifting, Charles
Schuiz; wrestling, light weight, Hermann
Haustein, middle weight, William Oesrhle;
recitation, 11. C. F. Stahl; literary work
William Jaehne.
A Peru's Passenger Dies.
John Redmond, one of the passengers on
board the steamer Peru, which vessel
came into port on Saturday last, died on
board the vessel yesterday morning
Redmond had been ill during the entire
trip up from Panama. Yesterday morn
ing he left his berth and went on deck
On his return he dropped dead. The Cor
oner's office was notified and the body
was removed to the Morgue.
It was stated that Reamond had been
suffering from chronic dysentery from the
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■_-.-.-,..
HIGH
NOVELTY
BLACK FABRICS!
We beg to announce the opening
this week of our NOVELTY BLACK
DRESS' GOODS for Fall, 1899, and
call special attention to our ELE-
GANT WINDOW DISPLAY of EX-
CLUSIVE FRENCH NOVELTY
DRESS PATTERNS.
We have also opened up an im-
mense stock of BLACK ENGLISH,
FRENCH and SCOTCH CHEVIOTS
and SERGES, from the hest manu-
facturers, the prices of which are
50c, 75c, $1.00, $1,25, $1.50 and
$1.75 per uard.
111. 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
time he came aboard at the isthmus. But
in consequence of the rumor of typhoid
aboard and a contention existing between
the State and Federal quarantine officers
regarding the right 01 the vesse to dock
Pr Zabala considered it best not to hold
an autopsy until the Mail Company sphy
| sician would have an opportunity of being
present should he so desire.
The deceased was a native of Ireland,
and had followed the- business of a but
ler having served for twelve yenrs wltn
Colonel Alcock of the Gloucester volun
teers He was fiO years of age. and was
coming to California to see his son-in
law. A. P. Russell, who resides at 1142
i Jackson street, and who telephoned to the
! Coroner's office to deliver tne body to an
undertaker's for burial.
An autopsy will be held to-day to ascer
tain the cause of death.
« ♦ ■
PICKPOCKET CAPTURED.
William McNamara Mixed With the j
Crowd at the Ball Game and Stole
a Diamond Pin.
There was an exciting- time while th«
spectators at the ball game at Eighth
and Harrison streets were leaving the
grounds yesterday afternoon.
G. H. "Wolfe, 319 Bush street, was warn
ed by some one near him to look out, as
a stranger was attempting to take his
diamond pin. Wolfe put his hand to his
scarf and discovered that the pin was 1
gone The thief bolted through the |
crowd, and Wolfe started in pursuit, fol
lowed by several hundred people. Wolfe
overtook the thief, and. raising his cane
threatened to use it on his head if the \
pin was not returned. The thief passed
it over to .Wolfe, and continued his flight. |
Policeman E. C. Robinson was among ;
the crowd in plain clothes, and he chased
the thief down Eighth street until he
overtook him and placed him under ar
rest. He was taken to the City Prison,
where he was booked on a charge of
grand larceny. He gave his name as
William McNamara and his occupation
that of a sign painter.
—■ ♦ »
Husband (leaving with his young
wife for their first entrance into so
—And one thing, Emma, don't be ]
so affectionate this evening. People
will begin to think that we married for |
love.— Chicago Record.
A Week FREE g)
Treatment and Medicine -!r& §
FOR jg \^2
Catarrh, Deafness, i s\g
NOISES IN EARS AND s^/P
THROAT DISEASES. llr^l
NEW INVENTIONS and : <|P/' 'm .
NEW ANTISEPTIC MEDI- s§§S^ &M."
('INKS that gives marvel- %§f a'SHI? '
oub cures, even after other §& rsSbIS
treatments fall. Over '—,- W%^ mßbSsS-
test rases. 95 r ifl cent suo . I
cessful. So satisfactory 13 i|\ jjfirSß^r ~^"
the treatment that I make J^^si&lsllr*^ ,
no charge to try It one week. BsaSSSsHRtS-iiiJ
Write for literature and symptom blank or
call at once for FREE TREATMENT.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— 9-12 a. m., 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
Good Coffee
More You Drink
More You Want
At
Great Americanlmportina: Tea Co.
Big Presents Free
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORES.
<
OOLDBERG
BDWEN
& CO
The stores will be closed during the
Parade— of course
Then will open for business the remain-
der of the day, that none may be dis-
commoded
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea— 10 flavors Ib 40c
Our regular 50c grade
comparison with more expensive
teas will increase its popularity
Claret— zinfandel 35c
Made from first pressings of
choicest grapes— reg'ly 50c gallon
Olive Oil— Sierra Madre pts 45c
Regulary 50c pint qts 75c
Regularly 85c quart
No matter what the price — none
can excel Sierra Madre — always
uniform — for food or medicine
1 Castile SOap— French 2 bars 55c
Produces abundance of lather —
our importation
Olives- IMqnzanUla1 MqnzanUla quart 20c
A rich but delicate food-
very wholesome
Ginger ale— imported $1 25
Bottled at Belfast by Cochran & Co
— better than medicine at times for
the stomach— reg'ly $1 50 dozen
I Mint sauce— 25c
For lamb— mutton and other meats
Its delicate flavor appeals to the
palate of the critical epicure—
reg'ly 35c bottle
Malt whiskey- Tn« *** 75c
Made from Pennsylvania malt—
A gentle stimulant for chronic
diseases of a wasting or debili-
tating nature— reg'ly $1 bottle
Satin scouring soap dozen 45c
For washing scouring and polishing
house-hold utensils
I BaCOn-Armour's "Star" 15c
Every strip carefully selected— boned
and properly cured— reg'ly 16c lb
< Tooth paste— Gosnell d- Co 30c
Used by royalty in England —
Perfumed with the exquisite aroma
of cherry blossoms— reg'ly 35c jar
Salt box— porcelain 55c
Richly decorated in delft design
keep salt clean and dry—
reg'ly 75c each
Dust pans 20c
Steel edge — good and durable—
reg'ly 25c
Lanterns for illuminating your home
2c 3c 4c each
Candles— box of 72 65c 2 doz 25c
432 Pine aij Sutter aBoo California San Franctsc»
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
f DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL. . '■)
DISCOVERY
FOR THE .
BLOOD, LIVER. LUNGS;