no_textVOLUME LXXXVI- NO. 47.
REFUSES TO
ARBITRATE THE
GREAT STRIKE
President Rossiter Defiant.
Brooklyn Trolley Cars
May Be All Tied Up.
NEW YORK, July President Rossiter said to-night that the
Brooklyn Rapid Transit officials would not arbitrate the strike difficulty
with their striking employes. s
"There is nothing to arbitrate." said Mr. Rossiter. "The men who
have gone out came to me with certain demands. I showed them that
they already had substantially all they asked for, and would straighten
out any injustice. They came in a fighting mood and were not disposed
to look at the subject dispassionately."
"How many men went out on strike this morning?"
"Between 700 and 1000. Not more than 1000 at the outside." ; •
"What about to-morrow?"
"All I can say is that we have enough" men to run every single trip
to-morrow and will do so if we are not interferred with. The normal
conditions will return in a day or two, I hope. Our success to-day in
conducting our business in the face of a strike is- almost unparalleled."
All the roads with the exception of three. Green and Gates, Halsey
and Putnam and the Fulton street lines shut down at 7 o'clock to-night
by order of President Rossiter. The three mentioned continued running
until midnight, when they were ordered to stop. President Rossiter said
he would open the lines again at 5 o'clock in the morning.
There was some trouble to-night. with a large number of people that
had taken the trolley car during the day for Coney Island by way of
Ulmer Park. They were let out at Ulmer Park, and being unable to
either get to Coney Island or to return to the city proper for many hours,
remained there and several small disturbances were the result.
General Master Workman Parsons spent the greater part of the day
in Brooklyn and a considerable portion of the afternoon was in confer
ence with Messrs. Delehanty and Webster of the State Board of
Mediation and Arbitration. Mr. Parsons said to-night in the course of
an interview:
"This strike was one that could' have been avoided. We are satisfied
with the showing we have made. I think to-morrow will see a paralyzed
condition of traffic that will make the people of Brooklyn realize the
strike is strong enough to speak for itself. They are running no cars in
the suburbs and are making all the show they can in this city."
Mr. Parsons had the sanction of the Knights of Labor, and the men
will receive the moral and financial support of that organization.
NEW YORK, July 16.— Another |
trolley strike is on in Brooklyn. |
So far it has not been as effec- j
tive as the strike of 1895. but
there is no telling how far
reaching it may become. For some j
weeks past the employes of the several i
lines" controlled by the Brooklyn Rapid j
Transit Company have been complain- j
ing that the management did not live j
up to the ten-hour law. The men de
mand a revision of the time tables at |
the different barns and also claim that j
they should be paid twenty cents an j
hour for overtime, which is equivalent
to 52 a' day, the price which they set
lor a working day of ten hours. Meet- ,
ings have been held daily and nightly
for the last week and it was inferred j
from the reports given out by the em- j
ployes and their advisers since Thurs- J
day last that while a strike was immi- j
nent, it would not occur for some days j
to come.
General Master Workman Parsons j
and District Master Workman Pines
had charge of the men's affairs and a j
strike was called at half-past 4 this |
morning. At this hour most of the
motormen and conductors of the Brook
lyn Traction Company's lines had com
pleted tbeir night trips, and the leaders
decided that this was -the most oppor
tune moment to begin what was ex
pected to be a stubborn fight with the
traction company. A heavy rain storm
was in progress at this time and there
was very little passenger traffic. The j
Smith street. Franklin avenue . and
Hamilton Ferry lines, which are con- ;
trolled by the Coney Island Railroad
Company, having maintained the regu
lar terms with their employes, were not
impeded in the least, but on all other
roads transportation was stopped for
a while and a good deal of congestion
occurred in consequence. !
Shortly after midnight -about 10.000
policemen from the precincts in Man
hattan and the Bronx districis were
conveyed to the different barns and
many were placed along the several
routes comprising the territory covered
by the Brooklyn Transit Company. Up
to half-past 7 o'clock there were very
few cars run over those lines and those
that were sent out from the different
barns were policed by two. three and j
four constables. '^'.ffff'i t .
On the Putnam-avenue line only a '
few men refused to work, and it was
noticeable that scarcely a half-dozen
of the cars in this division were policed.
The Flatbush and Bergen Beach cars,
the Nostrand avenue, Gates, Ralph and
Myrtle-avenue cars, as well as the
Third-avenue trolley, showed a meager
service in the early hours of the day.
but traffic on the old .Nassau lines,
which comprise the Fifth. Seventh ,
Park and Vanderbilt avenues and
Douglass and Butler street roads, was
practically at a standstill. The men on
the Nassau road were most determined,
and not one of the motormen or con- ;
ductors went to work. The cars re
mained Idle for several hours, but by 10
o'clock one-tenth of the regular rolling
stock was working. These cars were
manned by inspectors and linemen and
in fact oilers and helpers were pressed
into service so as to maintain a partial
running of the system. Many of the
old conductors and motormen reported
for duty on the Gates, Ralph, Broad
way, Myrtle avenue, Flushing and
Third avenue roads, and President
Rossiter said that shortly after noon
over fifty per cent of tie old hands were
at work on these lines. Later in the
afternoon the cars cm the latter roads
were running at intervals of ten min
utes, which meant that the service was
tripped about one-third. The heavy j
storm of the early morning was dissi- ■
pated about 10 o'clock and from that!
hour until well on in the afternoon the j
Sunday traffic, which is usually very
heavy to North Beach, Bergen Beach
.and to Coney island, filled the cars.,
' but the dread of trouble or disturbance j
..kept hundreds of people away from j
those seaside resorts!
Shortly before noon President Rossi- !
ter's private car Ampere started from I
the City Hall and made a round trip j
on the Traction lines. On- board were I
Chief Engineer Brockinridge, W. W. !
Wickes, President Rosslter's private i
I secretary', and Assistant Secretary I
"Van. Cott. Accompanying these were j
Headquarters ' Detectives Reynolds,
Harrington, Gray and Stoddard.
The Ampere, after running* to the
Flushing extension, went up Nostrand
o venue to Bergen Beach and returned
The San Francisco Call.
[ down Flatbush avenue, whence it ran
I to Coney Island." Coming back from
I Coney Island, the president's car trav
eled over the Fifth-avenue route, and
as it neared Twenty-third street and
Fifth avenue those on board found
their further progress impeded by a
stalled car near the Fifth-avenue barn.
Here a crowd of some 500 people, many
of whom were women and children, had
congregated, and the motorman of the
Ampere, Howard Jackson, was attack
ed by several men who were •either
strikers or in sympathy with them. The
motorman received some ugly bruises
on the headland legs. v. >v
Secretary Wickes was one of the
first to run te the man's -assistance and
he was finally rescued from the mob.
Six arrests were made and the track
was soon cleared.
Throughout the afternoon bowlders
and large pieces of granite were taken
from a near-by yard and placed on the
tracks in the vicinity of Greenwood
Cemetery, and the cars came along at
intervals of twenty and thirty minutes.
The further progress was delayed until
these obstructions were removed. No
sooner did the cars pass than the
I bowlders were laid on the tracks again
I and the police were unable to stop the
j efforts of the obstructionists.
During the day 300 additional police
were sent over from New York and a
close watch was kept all along the
Brooklyn Bridge to see that no person
could interfere with the trolley wires.
The only cutting -of wire reported to. the
Brooklyn police headquarters was the
partial destruction of the feed cable on
Flatbush avenue, but a score of line
men soon repaired this in a temporary
manner which sufficed to reopen the
line.
Late in the afternoon a conference
was held at police headquarters.
Among those present were Police Com
missioners York, Hess and Sexton.
Chief of Police Devery, Deputy Chiefs
McLaughlin, of Manhattan and McKel
lar of Brooklyn and President Rossiter.
General McLeer was also in attendance,
but he said that as far as he could see
there was no necessity for the calling
out of the militia or interference in any
way by the military.
President Rossiter said that he was
anxious to bring the patrons of the sev
eral lines back from the seaside roads
as soon as possible and had made ar
, rangements to handle the Coney Isl
and patrons as far as practicable by
trolley service, but that he had advised
his assistants to arrange ror the trans
portation of the majority of the £oney
Island crowd, back to the city over the
elevated railroad lines. The Police
Commissioners informed Mr. Rossiter
that his patrons and the public in gen
eral as well as the company's property
and all other property would be suffi
ciently protected by the police force. In
addition to this Commissioner Hess in
formed Mr. ; Rossiter that he thought
■ the sending out of his private car was
non-politic and to use his own words.
It was like "shaking a red rag in front
j of an enraged bull."
Several arrests were made during the
day among the ranks of the strikers
! and their sympathizers. b
INCENDIARY FIPES
AT FORT DUCHESNE
Quartermaster's Stables Destroyed
and Nineteen Mules Meet Death
."bin the Flames.
DENVER, Ju v 16.— A special to the
News from Price, Utah, says:
The second fire within a week occurred
at Fort Duchesne last night, when the
quartermaster's stables and contents
were entirely consumed. Nineteen mules
were burned to death. .The loss also In
cludes twenty wagons, besides a number
of ambulances, light spring "wagons,
buckboards, pack saddles, harnesses and
hay and oats. The wind was blowing a
gaie and at one time the officers* quar
ters were threatened. The loss is placed
at $20,000., try. ■ .. ■ . b " :-
Fort Duchesne is ninety-six miles from
here, and the news was brought on
horseback to the first telephone station
and from there sent ln here. An officer
telephoned that both fires were" lncen
dlarv, and some believe that it is the
work- of old Sowowlc and ms band of
White River Utes. who are preparing to
go back to Colorado and are trying to
destroy the cavalry equipment so that
the soldiers cannot follow, them. ;
Effect of New Treaty.
LONDON, July 16.— Buenos Ayres
correspondent of the Times says that the
new treaty j between Argentine and the
United States gives a reduction of duties
on Argentine .sugar, hides and wool ; and
on American canned goods, timber and
certain foods.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JULY 17, .. 1899.
ANDREWS
RESCUED IN
MIDOCEAN
♦
Lone Navigator Fails to
Cross the Atlantic in
His Cockleshell. , . -.
t ■ • .-
PICKED UPEXHAUSTED
i
: ■ — • — • - ■
The Little Doris Is Turned Adrift
and the Daring Voyager Car
ried to Liverpool.
. — ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call. •
LIVERPOOL, July 16.— The British
steamer. Holbein. Captain Sherlick,
from New York July 1 for Manchester,
which arrived here to-day, picked v^p
Captain William A. Andrews, known
as the "lone navigator," who left At
lantic City on June 18 in a little craft
named The Doris, barely twelve f?et in
l.ength, to attempt to cross the At
lantic. Captain Andrews was found
exhausted on July 12, about 700 miles
from the Irish coast. His boat was
left adrift.
Captain Andrews when he left At
lantic City took an easterly course and
headed direct for the Azores Islands,
where he expected to stay for a few
days to reprovision his larder. He
hoped to make the voyage to England
in sixty days. The British steamer
Camperdown spoke him on Jun:. 20.
Captain Andrews at that time was well
and declined assistance.
WILL SEARCH FOR A
NORTHERN CHANNEL
| Dr. Stein to Sail With a Party of
Geographers and Naturalists
Next Week.
HALIFAX. N. S., July 16.— Dr. Robert.
Stein of the United States Geodetic Sur
vey Is at Sydney. C. 8.. arranging to sail
i next week for Ellesmereland in company
with Mr. Warmat, naturalist and taxi
dermist, and Dr. Kahn, physician in
charge of electrical and magnetic obser
vations. The. party expects to land at
Cape Saline, near the camp where
! Greely's expedition passed so disastrous
a winter. From there they will make their
way to the extreme northwestern part of
J the northern coast of Ellesmereland,
I where they will build a hut and establish
: headquarters for the winter.
While open water lasts they will ex
plore the northern shore by boat ln search
of the supposed channel leading to the sea
known to exist to the west r of" Ellesmere
land. Next spring they propose" to con
tinue the exploration of the northern and
western shore on the ice and trace the
coast down to Cape Eden, the extreme
known southern portion, thus completing
the present knowledge of the coast line.
They will then return to Cape Sabine and
hope to be picked up there by the steamer
| next summer. .....y-
j • If for any reason they fall to connect
j with the steamer Dr. Stein proposes to
cross the straits of Littleton Island and
'. make his way along the Greenland coast
Ito the Eskimo settlement, which
formed the scene of his last exploration.
With the assistance of the natives the
■■ party will be able to find their way to
Upernavik, which. Is annually visited by
I whaling ships from the United States. _
CALIFORNIA PIONEER
DIES IN NEW JERSEY
NEW YORK, July Major Francis D.
Clark, the California pioneer, is dead at
East Orange, aged 69 years. When . a
young man he enlisted in the famous
Stevenson Regiment, which, was sent by
the Government to California soon after
the acquisition of that Territory.
He volunteered in the Mexican war and
served with credit, and in the civil war
he served in the Quartermaster's Depart
ment with the rank of major, serving
throughout the war. He was president of
Mexican War Veterans of New Jersey and
of the Stevenson Regiment Survivors' As
sociation.and treasurer of the New York
Society of California Pioneers.
TRIESTE, WHERE ADMIRAL DEWEY WILL NEXT BE HONORED
PORT SAID, July 16.— Quarantine regulations prevented anybody from shore setting foot on board the Olympia. Had: such a thing happened she
would have been quarantined at Trieste. 7 - . ;" t . b ... : - -*_.*.»'...
INJURIES TO
PASSENGERS
OF A STAGE
— — •
Runaway Causes the Wreck
. ing of a Coach Near-
Lake Tahoe.
DRIVER FATALLY HURT
— ♦ — . • b.!
Four-Horse Team Becomes Unman
ageable While Descending
' -a Hill. I
— — . •
Special Dispatch "to The Call.
TRUCKEE, July 16.— A four-horse
stage was tipped over and wrecked'
this evening by a runaway descending
the big hill five miles this side of
Tanoc. Twelve persons were on the
stage. Driver Sam York is probably
fatally injured; Anton Hentzleman of
the Cleveland Faucet Company- of San
Francisco is badly bruised about the
legs, but no bones are broken; Fergus
Burns of the Western Hotel at Sacra
mento and his wife and boy were
badly shaken up, and Mrs. Burns has a
sprained arm.. One man had a small
bone of the leg broken, but declines to
have his name published. Three ladies
are slightly bruised and scratched, but
are not seriously injured. . York was
considered one of the safest drivers in
the mountains, .but hip team became
unmanageable.
WOULD HAVE KILLED
WIFE AND CHILDREN
James B. Crosby, a Wealthy Manu
facturer, Uses a Revolver in
y*' His Home.
MARION, Ind., July 16.— James B. Cros
by, a wealthy manufacturer of Marion,
attempted to shoot his wife and family
to-day. .
Mr. and Mrs. Crosby separated last Jan
uary. Previous to the separation Crosby
had transferred to his wife stock in the
Crosby Paper Mills and the Marion
Strawboard Mills, which are both owned
by him, that he. might better fight the
American strawboard trust. Alter de
feating the trust he demanded the re
turn of his stock, but his wife refused
to surrender it. '-.-;<'■/. .
He visited his wife's home to-day while
she and her six Children were eating din
ner and again demanded the stock. She
refused and he pointed a revolver at her
and pulled the trigger. The cartridge
failed to explode and he tried the second.
Mrs. Crosby ran from the house. Her
son attempted to strike his father with
a chair and the father attempted to shoot
him, tout.* the reviver 'ffiiled - to 'go
off. The son 'tired « two revolvers and
pursued. his father down the street, but
was caught and held by a neighbor.
Crosby was arrested and given a pre
liminary hearing and " placed under a
heavy peace bond. A board to examine
into his sanity will be 'appointed to-mor
row. > : f^-ffyyy ' y
SAYS GOLD IS THE
GREAT AMERICAN IDOL
Havana Newspaper Say- That Cul
ture Is Entirely Lacking in This
'b ; 7 Country.
HAVANA. July 16.— El Dirtrio de la Ma
rine says: If the human ideal is material
Interest, then the United States possesses
the highest form of civilization; but, i
thank God. the Spaniards, and Cubans j
have been taught in a nobler school. The j
predominating Influence in the .United
States is capital. Monopoly, coupled with ;
the use of machinery, has only served in I
the United States to curb personal Intel- J
lectual endeavor, to" disappoint such am- I
bitions and to make culture and knowl- |
edge hardly worth the candle. ,_ • . r.v
It is only necessary to glance through
the columns of the American newspapers
in order to • find 'letters and Interviews
from returned officers, which have grad
ually changed the entire American senti
ment toward Cuba. While the Americans
may be richer, stronger, more active, and
more businesslike than ourselves, they
cannot claim to be cultured, not even to j
the degree of Spain's Cuban offspring. *
LOSE LIFE
IN A QUEST
FOR WEALTH
Eleven Prospectors Drowned
in the Waters of the
Yukon.
scow hits" a rock
•
Not One of the Party Aboard Suc
ceeds in Reaching the Rock
bound Shore.
—♦—
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 16—
steamer Roanoke of the Alaska
Trading and Transportation
Company passed Carmanah
Point at 7:30 o'clock this even
ing, bound for Seattle. She re
ported that there was over three
millions in gold from Dawson on
board.
VICTORIA, B. C, x July 16.—
steamer Tees, which reached here early
this morning with sixty-one miners
from Dawson and $150,000 in gold,
brought news of another tragedy on the
treacherous waters of the Yukon about
two weeks ago. Through the wrecking
of a scow on which they were journey
ing to Dawson eleven prospectors found
a grave In the waters of the northern
river.
The story of the casualty was told by
arrivals from Atlin. They say that on
or about' July 8, a party of eleven, after
a short stay in the almost barren gold
fields of the Atlin District of British
Columbia, left for Dawson on a hastily
thrown together scow. All went well
until Taku Arm was reached, and here
the strong winds • which csntinually
sweep across the waters, drove the scow
on a rock. It broke up in an incredibly
short time, and the eleven men were
thrown into the water.
Their struggles to reach the shore
were futile, for the fast running cur
rent swept them from the rocks. None
reached the land, the whole party find
ing death. Of the dead gold" seekers the
names of but.five could be learned. The
remainder were unknown. Those
known to the arrivals by the Tees
' were: ' . __...-_. . ... _
JIR. AND MRS.. MILLS of Van
couver, B.C.
MRS. CLUNIE AND DAUGHTER,
who recently kept the * Cripple/Creek
Restaurant at Skaguay.
HARRY HOWARD, residence un
known. ■ .
RETURN WITH GOLD
FROM THE KLONDIKE
Twenty Dawsonites Reach Vancouver
Aboard the Steamer
Cutch.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 16.— The
steamer Cutch arrived to-night from
Skaguay, bringing twenty Dawson pas
sengers who came out at the same time
as those who came down by the City of
Seattle. Purser Turner had $200,000,
mostly in drafts! in his keeping Of
this $120,000 was owned" by H. Lancaster
of Liverpool, England, a British miner
who went to the Klondike only eighteen
months ago. He had phenomenal luck
and owns one of the ; best claims on
French Gulch.
Americans from Atlin join in praising
the fairness of Judge Irving's decision
in connection with claim disputes..
The Chilkoot tramway has been pur
chased by the White . Pass Railway
CLAMOR FOR
THE LIFE OF
AN ASSASSIN
Residents of Birds Landing
Threaten to Avenge a
Shooting,
/"> UISUN, July 16.— Peter Olsen, pro-
prietor of the Union Hotel at
b^- Birds Landing, was shot and pro
prietor of the Union Hotel at
Birds Landing, was shot and per-
K_y haps mortally wounded at 9
o'clock this morning. His assail
ant was Harry H. Burtt, a recent ar
rival from Rio Vista, who ' leased the
hotel part of the business from Olsen.
The shooting took place in the street,
near the store of Bird & Dinkelsplel,
and. was witnessed by seven or eight
persons. Olsen received ' four wounds,
one through the body below the stom
ach, two flesh wounds on the hip and
a bullet in the knee. The weapon used
was a cheap self-acting revolver that
carries a 38-caliber cartridge.
There was some misunderstanding
between Olsen and Burtt and the latter
concluded to terminate his lease on
Monday. A dispute arose over the dis
position of two sacks of eoa* and Olsen
took offense at the remark made by
Burtt that there was "nothing but
thieves In Birds Landing." He shook
his fist in Burtt's face, and. according
to the version of an eyewitness, "was
shot down like a dog."
Immediately after the shooting and
while his victim lay bleeding and
groaning on the ground, Burtt walked
coolly across the street to the hotel
porch, drew a new supply of cartridges
from his pocket and reloaded his smok
ing weapon. During the few minutes
that intervened Henry Bird rushed into
the store and called the operator at Col
llnsvllle by telephone, telling him to
send Deputy Sheriff W. C. Jones there
at once.
Hardly had Mr. Bird concluded his
message when Burtt, with pistol in
hand, rushed through the small crowd
on the street into the store and took
possession of the premises. He stood
in a defiant and threatening manner,
warning those outside not to step in
side the door. He then walked to the
rear of the building, took down the
telephone and called up the Sheriff's of
flce at Fairfield, telling the officer that
he would surrender to nobody but the
Sheriff. While he was calling first one
office then another on the line. Officer
Jones «peedi«« on -hi*. way to .the
scene of the tragedy and just four
teen minutes after leaving Collinsville
he arrived on- the ground, having run
his horse the entire distance. He was
met in "front of the store by an excited
crowd which by this time had increas
ed to about twenty-five.
Lynching was freely talked of. but
Mr Jones, who is known throughout
the State as a fearless officer, succeed
ed in quieting the villagers temporarily.
Despite the protests of those without,
he walked into the store without even
displaying his own revolver and took
the desperado into custody. He placed
handcuffs on Burtt's wrists and at the
assassin's request took him over to the
hotel to talk to Mrs. Burtt before leav
ing for the County Jail.
Ten minutes elapsed before they were
ready to start and by this time loud
talking was being indulged in on the
street Threats of lynching were heard
Company; the deal ' having been put
through by General Manager Hawkins
of the White Pass and Hugh Wallace of
the Tramway Company on the 12th
inst It was stated at Skaguay un
officially that the sale was an out-and
out purchase by the railway and did
not Include a percentage for the share
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
on all sides and when the prisoner was
led out to the buggy Burtt was the
coolest man in the crowd. Jones lost
•no time in getting his prisoner away
from the excited residents.
While the attention of most _■•" the
crowd. was attracted toward the assail
ant, Olsen was not neglected. Imme
diately after the shooting he was car
ried to his home, about forty yards
, down the street, and as soon as the
telephone could be reached Dr. W. S.
Makemson of Rio Vista was summon
ed. - He arrived shortly after noon.
Everything possible was done to relieve
the unfortunate man and an operation
failed to locate the bullet in his body.
Dr. Makemson says there are but slight
chances for Mr. Olsen's recovery, the
principal danger being that blood pois
oning will result from the body wound.
Peter Olsen has been a resident of
Birds Landing and vicinity for the past
fifteen years and stands well in the
community. He has a wife and two
children, a girl eight years of age and
a boy of four. 
Shortl" after being placed in the
County Jail. Burtt was seen by The
Call correspondent. He refused to make
any statement in regard to the shoot
ing, his only reference. to it being that
it was done in self-defense. He said
his full name was Harry H. Burtt. that
he was a native of Anderson, Shasta
County, where his parents resided, and
that he was thirty-one years of age.
Burtt is a married .man. He refused,
to have his photograph taken, saying
he did not wish to have any additional
notoriety.. He is a person of slight
build, blonde hair and mustache, is five
feet six inches in height and weighs
135 pounds. His complexion is very sal
low and he has the appearance of be
ing addicted to the use of opium.
After his arrival in Suisun Officer
Jones gave additional facts in regard to
the man. He said that during the two
hours' ride together Burtt had little to
say about the shooting or the causes
that led up to it. In regard to his past
history, he seemed somewhat communi
cative, and told of having been arrested
-in, -Stockton ..on a charge .of forgery
committed in Woodland. He also spoke
of having had some trouble in Sonora
while conducting a saloon in that, town,
but would not give any details. He re
marked to the officer while on the way
to the jail: " .
"You acted very funny, Jones, to
come into the store without • a pistol
in your hand." -«s. V
Jones answered: "I did not need a
pistol* to take a little fellow like you,"
whereupon Burtt remarked:
■ "I am a dead shot and can hit the
size of a man's eye at twenty yards."
" Jones says that Burtt' is a person of
remarkable nerve and displayed a cool
ness at the time of the arrest that was
remarkable. He asked to have the
handcuffs removed and the ' pistol re
turned to him before leaving Birds
Landing., and said he would stand the
crowd off. He showed not the slight
est sign of fear.
holders of the Chilkoot of the profits of
the railway. _ " ;
MINERS ENGULFED
BY A TIDAL WAVE
Five Eastern Prospectors Perish
While Crossing Turn-Again
Arm.
SEATTLE. July 16.— Each day now
brings a steam from the far north
with interesting or startling news.
Various treasure boats are now due.
The Roanoke from St. Michael has
passed the Cape and will reach battle
at about 4 o'clock in the morning. She
will have on board several hundred
Klondlkers and $3,000,000 in dust and
drafts.
The schooner General Seglin arrived
to-night from Cooks Inlet, Alaska,
bringing news of the drowning of five
Easterners. By name they were:
LOUIS PETERSON. Chicago.
CHRIS MADISON. Chicago.
A. B. JOHNSON. Malone. N. Y.
— PORTER. California.
— HUTCHINSON, Rockford, 111.
The accident occurred, on June 4. The
men were working their way up Turn-
Again Arm in two small boats, when a
great tidal wave engulfed and carried
them to death. This arm is the north
erly part of Cook Inlet and is one of the
most dangerous bodies of water in all
Alaska. Many men have ' lost their
lives while attempting to cross it. r : .
DAWSON MURDERER
SENTENCED TO DIE
Arthur Goddard Convictsd of the
Killing of A. P. Prater in
May.
SEATTLE, July Dawson advices
state that Arthur Goddard has been
convicted of the murder of A. P.
Prater last- May and sentenced to be
hanged In August. A miner named
"Frank" was found guilty of an at
tempt to • murder C. W. Sanderson rof
Los Angeles," Cal.. last winter on the
trail and sentenced to fourteen years'
imprisonement. •__
Reception to Colonel Arndt.
NEVADA CITY. July 16.— Colonel H. R.
Arndt of San Diego, .grand chancellor of
the Knights of Pythias of California, was
tendered a reception by Colfax Lodge No.
200 last night, large numbers of Knights
of Placer and Nevada counties being pres
ent. This morning he was escorted to this
city and to-day was driven by Knights of
Mllo Lodge No. .48 to the principal quarts
mines of the district. ;.2
COACHES DERAILED
ON A HIGH BRIDGE
Soutijerr) Pacific Passenger Trail's
Narrow Escape from
Destructior).
DUNSMULR, July 16. — bad derailment occurred at Blue Cut, ten
miles south of Delta, at 10 o'clock this morning. The Oregon Express No.
5 was divided into two sections. At Blue Cut a bridge nearly 200 feet
long crosses the Sacramento River. As the second section ran on the
bridge the next to the last car turned the rail and left the track. The.
last car, a Pullman, also left the rails. The wheels of both cars cut
through the wooden ties and the cars rested on the steel part of the
bridge. The train stopped suddenly. The passengers were badly jarred
and a woman in the Pullman had her knee cut.
One of the coaches of the derailed train was the special car of Gov
ernor Geer and party. The bridge. ties were torn up and broken nearly
the entire length of the long bridge, while the two sleepers were nearly
demolished. That the cars did not topplg into the river is remarkable.
The passengers were transferred and the train proceeded, leaving
the wrecked cars on the bridge to be cleared by the wrecking train from
Dunsmuir. This will not be finished till- toward morning. The Califor
nia Express No. 6, due.. to leave Dunsmuir at fp. m., was held about. six
hours, but probably will arrive at the Oakland mole not that far behind
time. • 
GERMANY WANTED
A MILITARY BASE
Text of the Caroline
Purchase Treaty.
_ — » —
NO COMMERCIAL ADVANTAGES
— ♦ —
OLD SPANISH DEFENSES WILL
Bj_J REPAIRED.
*
Spain Is Granted Equal Privileges j
With Germany and a Coaling
Station Even in Time *~
of Wax.
— *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
ING HOTEL, WASHINGTON. July I*s.— I
The State Department has received the j
text of the German-Spanish treaty un- j
der which the Carolines, Palaos group -i
and the Mariannes (except Guam) are
ceded to Germany on payment of 25.000,- |
000 pesetas. Since Germany grants Spain
the same commercial and agricultural :
privileges as are to be enjoyed by Ger
man subjects, it is apparent that the
Berlin Government's chief object in ac- '
quiring the Carolines was to make them '.
a military base 'in the event of trouble '
in the Pacific.
There is further evidence of this in re- .
ports through military channels that ex
tensive plans are being made to repair j
and strengthen the obsolete Spanish de- !
fenses of the Carolines. The commercial j
side of the acquisition, however, is not i
being neglected, as • arrangements have
been completed for a line of steamers to !
connect with all of Germany's important j
possessions in the East. The main j
clauses of the treaty 'read:
"The Imperial Government of Germany j
and the Royal Government of Spain have
agreed on the following points:
"First— will cede to Germany the
Caroline Islands, with the Palaos group
as well as the Mariannes, except Guam,
in return for a money indemnity of 25,
--000,000 pesetas:
"Second— will grant to Span
ish commerce ana to Spanish agricultural
enterprises in the Carolines, Palaos and
Mariannes the same - treatment and the
same opportunities that it will grant
there to German commerce, and will
grant in the aforesaid islands to Spanish
religious orders the same rights and the
same liberties that it will grant to Ger
man religious orders.
"Third— Spain shall establish and main
tain, even in time of war, a coaling sta
tion for the royal navy and merchant
navy in the archipelago of the Carolines,
another in the archipelago of Palaos and
another In the archipelago of Mariannes."
PUZZLING PHASES OF
BOUNDARY QIJESTJON
British • Press Representations May
Cause Radical Action at
Once.
NEW YORK, July 16.— A Jpurnal special
from Washington says: The State De
partment will undoubtedly find it neces
sary to publish the recent negotiations on
the Alaskan piovisional boundary line be
tween Secretary Hay and Lord Salisbury.
Only such a proceeding can fully answer
the representations from time to time
made in the British press, and which, es
pecially of late, have developed a tone
distinctly threatening to this country in
case it does not adopt the Canadian view
of a provisional boundary line. This
statement, made by a State Department
official to-day, presents fairly the latest
phase of the boundary question. It is in
the air here that some action of a radical,
perhaps sensational, character, is to be
expected this week at the State Depart
ment. It would not surprise the country
to learn that*the State Deparment had
recalled from the War Department its.re
quest that Pyramid Harbor be not garri
soned. This would leave the order of the
Secretary of War instantly operative, and
the troops— battalion .of infantry—
ready, designated for that post should.be
hurried to the frontier.
A State Department official said to-day
on this. probability: "This Government, in
sending troops, to Pyramid Harbor, will
not contravene any Canadian rights. On
the contrary, we will he merely sending
troops into our own territory. Of course
the State Department agreed not to send
troops to a post within our own jurisdic
tion, by request from the British Em
bassador, with the understanding -that a
modus Vivendi • should be Quickly ' ar
ranged. This very request 'was a confes
sion oh the part of Great Britain that she
was helpless to prevent an outbreak If
America exercised her undoubted right to
keep her troops in sight of the Canadian
people along the line." »
QUIET AT ISHKOODA.
Believed That the Shooting Was Done
by Striking Negroes.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala., July There
was no further trouble at Tshkooda to
day. Coroner Smith began hls Investiga
tion of last night's killing. Only one
negro, Richard Cobb, was killed. Four
were wounded, however, and one of them
will die.
It is the opinion that the striking negrp
miners did'the shooting and Hie non
union men have sworn' revenge. Two hun
dred more negroes will be brought here
to-morrow night. • Sixteen deputies are
on duty around the mines. '
Pears'
soap responds to wa-
ter instantly; washes
and rinses off in a
twinkling.
WARSHIP PICKS UP
STRANDED MINERS
Sequel to the San Rogue
Stampede.
— —
ARGONAUTS OUT *OF LUCK
— • —
CARRIED TO ENSENADA BY A
MAN-OF-WAR.
*
Hungry and Disappointed, They Had
Assembled on the Beach to
Await the Coming of a
Ship.
♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, July 16.-« A special to
the Union from Ensenada, Lower Cali
fornia, dated to-day, says: The Mexi
can man-of-war Democrata, Captain
Urgell, arrived yesterday morning from-
San Ro~ue with ninety-eight Ameri
cans and twenty-five Mexicans who j
were found on the beach there.
Most of the miners had sold all their j
food and tents and made their way to j
the landing, misled by the false rumors
that the steamer St. Denis was due
there on July 5. The beach was covered
with hungry men. However, not one
would admit that he was "broke"; in
fact, a committee organized by them
raised a purse of 1000 Mexican dollars !
and offered it to Captain Urgell to take
the crowd to Ensenada.
The captain refused the money. He i
treated the luckless gold-seekers
royally and brought them here.
When the crowd arrived here and
found the St. Denis absent there was :
a great scrambling for teams and !
saddle-horses. To-day saw a long !
string of uncouth argonauts making
a bee-line for San Diego. \
SOLD POISON TO A
MAN NAMED CORNISH
Chemist's Story May Have a. Bearing
on the Famous New York
Case.
NEW YORK, July 16.— special to the
World from New Haven says: Walter S.
Swayne of this city, a chemist, has made
affidavit that in March and October of 1597
he compounded for a man calling himself
"H. Cornish" a compound of antimony,
prussic acid, mercury and copperas. The
stuff was sent to "H. Cornish, Hartford,
Conn."
Later in the fall of the same year the
so-called Cornish sent a letter from New
York asking that Swayne make another
quantity of the same compound, saying
Mr. Swayne might receive orders for a
$10,000 lot. Mr. Swayne made up another
small quantity of the compound and sent
it as before. to Cornish at Hartford.
Swayne says he would know the man
who gave him the orders. Swayne was
formerly a druggist in Philadelphia,
— • X
GENERAL DE PELLIEUX
. MAY BE DISMISSED;
PARTS, July 16.— The Minister of War, \
the Marquis de Gallifet, his ordered a new '
Inquiry into the connection of General de j
Pellieux with the' Dreyfus affair. It is ex- j
pected that this will result in his dis- i
missal from the post of governor of the '
military district bf Paris.
Paul Deroulede, chief of the League of j
Patriots, has resumed his agitation In I
favor of the plebescltary republic. He !
lectured on the subject to-day In one of
the city theaters, which was crowded with
a demonstrative, audience. • There were j
trifling disorders when the meeting broke i
up. 7 _ . -_
SERIOUS RIOT IN
EASTERN THIBET
SHANGHAI, July 16.— The Mercury says
that a serious riot has occurred at Paoan,
Eastern Thibet. The natives attacked and
looted the mission station. The Rev. Mr.
Shields and his wife and Miss Macßeth,
all missionaries, narrowly escaped with
their lives. They are now at Lanchow.
■ ■# — '
COURT OF ARBITRATION.
THE HAGUE. July 16.— The sub-com
mittee of the arbitration section of the
peace conference at yesterday's meeting
adopted a resolution that the permanent
court of arbitration should consist of Min
isters credited to Holland Instead of Min
isters resident at The Hague.
This will have the effect of bringing In
the smaller States, 'whose Ministers are
accredited to two or more countries sim
ultaneously.
. _■.
Manufacturing Plant Burned
ST. LOUIS, July 16.— lar?e plant of
Somers Brothers, manufacturers of horse
collars and- leggings, was totally de
stroyed by fire this morning. The dam
age is estimated at $75,000, fully covered
by insurance. g
Death of a Chilean Diplomat.
Special Cable to The Call. and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett. . -■-■-•.■■•■.•
BUENOS AYRES.. July 16,-Senhor
Enerrique.de Putron, Chilean Minister to
Buenos Ayres, died to-day. . .
— <• ■_.-'*
Big Fire in Gallatin, Texas •:
GALLATIN, Term.. July 16.— Fire to
night destroyed the Tompkins opera-house
block and the postoffice. The mall and
records were saved.. Loss $75,000. '■•.-'
Drowned in the Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, July 16.— The body of |
an unknown man was to-day found in the
Sacramento River nine miles below Free- j
port. The corpse ls that of a man of 60
years. He had a wooden leg.
Wanted Her to Marry Without Love.
OAKLAND, July 16.— May Forest, a
young lady 18 years of age, was arrested
by Detective Quigley this evening on com
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 17, 1899.
CADET LIFE AT CAMP
FALLON
CALL HEADQUARTERS, ■ CAMP
FALLON* SANTA CRUZ, July 16.—
Every member of the League of the
Cross Cadets now encamped here is
enjoying his outing and attending
strictly to business.* One of the. strongest
reasons for the' cadets' contentment la
due to the excellent food they are re
ceiving. The sea breeze has had a ten
dency to give them appetite's, and the
dinner hour Is looked forward to with
pleasure. Again the tents are comfort r
ably arranged and pleasantly situated.
The first night in camp was, as usual,
an interesting one. The boys occupied
the evening hours with singing, music
and noise. When the signal for "lights
out" was given it was almost instantly
obeyed, but the sounds that emanated
I from the tents precluded all possibility
I of any one sleeping for some time. About
, midnight some of the more daring cadets
returned from their trips uptown and
I "rushed" the guard. Many of the be
; lated ones succeeded in doing this, but
some were caught and placed in the
guardhouse.
The first call of reveille sounded at 6:20
o'clock this morning and aroused the tired
but eager campers. Ten minutes later the
second call was sounded and tho minia
ture six-pounder announced that the
Stars and Stripes had been raised on the
lofty flagpole. During -the raising of the
flag- the regimental band played the na
tional anthem. Breakfast call followed
and the entire command marched Into
the Dolphin baseball grounds and partook
of the first breakfast. After breakfast
the cadets spruced up their uniforms
and accouterments and awaited the sig
nal for guard mounting. That j interest
ing ceremony was held in camp, dur
ing which the band played an appro
priate, air. Captain I. D. Dwyer of Com
pany D was elected- officer of the day;
First Lieutenant Al Hanky officer of the
guard, and Second. Lieutenant J. H. Shee
han supernumerary officer. The guard
was changed also, but the boys who had
been on duty during the night postponed
their sleep, as they had other plans in
view. K. ' '•_.
An inspection of camp was the next
order carried out. Surgeon Major Mor
risey, accompanied by Captain McCarthy,
Captain Duffy, Sergeant Major Dorothy
and Hospital Steward Dan Murphy pass
ed through the camp and carefully exam
ined each tent. That the Inspection was
entirely satisfactory was apparent in the
report submitted to headquarters, which
was to the effect that Camp' Fallon was
in a sanitary condition. ■■.''•_■ '■ ff
At 10:30 the regiment marched to the
Dolphin bathhouse, where military mass
was celebrated by Father Dempsey. The
ceremony was one of the most important
and impressive of. the day. A temporary
altar had been erected at one end of the
large hall and was decorated with cut
flowers a#d evergreens. .The cadets
marched in companies and took stations
facing the altar and each other. A large
number of residents and visitors to the
city attended the services. Instead of the
musical ringing "of the bell at the conse
cration and the sanctus the drum rolled.
Sabers were presented at command from
Colonel Sullivan, and the congregation
kneeled. At this juncture a member of
Company H, who was overcome by the
closeness of the atmosphere in the hall,
fell to the floor in a faint. With true
military precision he was carried into the
outer air by members of the hospital
corps. Dr. " Morrisey and hip assistant,
Dr. Sullivan, also stepped out and at
tended the sick soldier. Under their min
istrations he rapidly recovered, and de
spite his avowals of being ''all right" he
was placed on a stretcher and taken to
the hospital tent. The services, inter
rupted for the moment.- proceeded in all
solemnity. ■ " , "
Father Dempsey read the selection from
plaint of her uncle. She told the Chief l
of Police that her uncle wanted her to
marry a young man whohi she did not
love, which she refused to do. The Chief
talked with the uncle and niece and final
ly sent the girl home, no charge being
preferred against her.
■ m » • , -
POVERTY HOW ENTERTAINS.
An Enjoyable Open-Air Musicale
Given at Larkspur. "
* Last Wednesday evening Camp "Pov
erty Row," at Larkspur, gave an open
air musical that was an unqualified suc
cess from every point of view. Over 138
Quests responded to the invitation to
come, eat. drink, be merry and listen to
sweet music under the starlit skies. They
came not only from the surrounding
camps and summer resorts, but from
across the bay as well, and In the ex
cellent music that was rendered for their
entertainment were amply repaid for the
long trip, they had to make in order to
be present. The following programme,
rich In talent, was presented by the desti
tute residents of "Poverty Row":
Piano solo, Mr. Will. Pabst; contralto
solo, selected, Miss Cecelia Decker; tenor
solo, selected, Mr. H. Bradley Smith;
song and dance, little Miss Hazel Calla
han; soprano solo. "Gupld and I, Miss
Gusse Dawson; contralto solo, Miss Mo-
Dermott: specialties. Miss Ruby Dawson;
cornet solo, Mr. Phil Van Tassel; bass
solo, "Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep."
Mr. F. Bronson; whistling solo, Mrs.
Cordle Savage; selections from the
"Geisha." Miss Leszynsky; specialties,
Mr. Tom Irwin.
At the conclusion of the musical enter
tainment dancing was taken up, and with
the exception of an intermission long
enough to permit of partaking of an ap
petizing supper was continued until early
morning. Among those who enjoyed the
hospitality of "Poverty Row" were:
Mr. and Mrs. George W. Llppman, Mr.
and Mrs. John A. Gill, Mr. and Mrs. J. |
D. Hogden. Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Drayeur, i
Mr and Mrs. P. Kemp, Mr. and Mrs. O.
W. Marker, Mr. and Mrs. Allan M.
Pratt, Mr. and Mrs. Tom Irwin. Mr., arid
Mrs. P. Kohn, Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Knick
erbocker, Mr. and Mrs. L. yon Meyer
lnck, Mrs. Decker, Miss Cecelia Decker,
Miss M, Vocke, Miss Mary Bumstead,
Mrs. P. Mitchell Miss Marie Mitchell,
Miss Sutton, Miss L. Flemming. Miss F. j
Callahan, Miss Hazel Callahan, Miss ,
Ruby Dawson, Miss Gusse Dawson, Miss |
Lea Cecil Hamper, Miss Lillian E. Bron- |
son' Mrs. F. H. Bronson, Miss LeszynskL
Miss Austin'e M. Pixley, Miss Edna Wlm
mer. Miss Elsie D. Sengstack, Miss Ger
trude C. Wimmer, Mrs. M. E % Hawkins,
Miss Ruth Robinson, Miss M. Courtney,
Miss Amelia Martin. Mrs. J. B. Martin,
Misses McDermott, Miss May Greenham,
Miss C. H. Wetjen, Miss Nellie A. Dar
ling.' Miss M. E. Hall, Mrs. Henry Bur
mer Mrs. Cordle Savage, Miss M. E.
Dollar, Miss Florence Degan, Miss Clara
Strocker, Mrs. Godschall. Miss Rosie
Reese, Miss R. Balance. Miss J. Herber,
Miss Bertha Ferris, Miss Emma Taber,
Miss Amy Hachulen, Miss Mac Sullivan,
Miss Alice Allen. Miss Ida Maurer, M^ss
Edith Driscoll, Miss Matilda Saxtorph.
Mrs. H. Maurer. Miss Gertrude Smith,
Miss Rosie McCaffery,- Miss Margaret
McCaffery, Miss E. A. Chapman, Miss
Lillie Wetjen, Miss May Wallace, Miss
Maud Tritenback, Miss Pauline Keyser,
Miss Edna Sides. Miss Frances Keyser,
Miss Minna Hepburn, Miss .Lizzie Shan
ley, Miss Etta S. Sheehan, Miss Ella Hep
burn, Miss Blanch Rose Kelieher, Miss
Marcella Noel. Miss N. Noel. Miss Belle
Jensen, Mrs. McElroy, Mrs. Hayes, Mrs.
Collins, Miss. Sadie Callahan, Miss Ella
King. Mrs. Stoutenberg, Miss Mac Berd
sall. Miss Agnes Theisen, Mrs. C. Ingram,
Miss .Emma Swarz, Miss L. Swarz, Miss
Cora B. Patterson, Miss Leona L. Ray, f
P. Decker. F. W. Blanch, Henry Miller,
Walter Anderson, A. H. Smith, Howard
Green, G. W. Kuehn, Phil Flint, Will
Pabst, Frank Franey. F. H. Bronson, E.
L. Bronson. P. L. Van Tassell, M. F. Pix
ley, W. Gillies, J. W. McDermott, Wil
liam E. Hall. G. L. Darling, Henry Bur
mer, R. F. Prescott. Will Taber. George
Klarman. R. A. Miller, Dave S. Painter,
George S. Newbauer. Charles H. Wyall,
T. Hornung. E. Stoutenberg, F. G. Far
ren and R. F* Haight. ; ~
.■ ♦ ■
Flycasters at Stow Lake. "
The regular contests ,of the San Fran
cisco Fly Casting Club were held yester
day at Stow Lake, Golden Gate Park. The
principal scores follow: fryfy -•■■■■■
Mansfield; distance 131 feet; accuracy 94.8 per
cent. Battu, 92 feet; accuracy 88 per cent.
IJrotherton, 105^4 feet; accuracy 89.4 per cent.
Everett, 116 feet; accuracy S3. per cent.-Kuyck, '
89 feet; accuracy 90.4 percent. Muller, 99 feet;
accuracy 57.8 per cent. , Reed. 101 feet; ac
curacy 91 per cent. Smyth, 94 feet; accuracy
89 per cent. Turner, 89 feet; accuracy 84.4 per
cent.' Young, 103 feet; accuracy 87 per cent.
Grant, 97.4 feet; accuracy 92.4 per cent. Vogel
sang, lure casting, .67 3-5 per. cent; Walker,
lure casting, 59 per cent • •• ■ ■ • .
CADETS RETURNING FROM MASS.
»
the Epistle and Gospel, which Is always
given on the eighth . Sunday after Pente
cost. At-the' conclusion of its reading he
explained its meaning to his listeners,
and concluded with some sound advice to
the cadets. He abjured them to take .heed
of their colonel's orders as to bathing in
the surf, and suggested that they not
loiter on the street corners and that their
conduct in Santa Cruz be that of gentle
men and thus uphold the standard of their
organization. He then dismissed the regi
ment and it marched back to camp and
broke ranks. " -
Many of the boys went in swimming and
others dressed themselves in duck suits
and went calling. • The bathers .were
watched by Dr. Morrisey, a detail from'
the hospital guard and a special guard to
prevent accidents.
An Immense throng witnessed the dress
parade of the cadets to-night on the base
ball grounds. The grandstand and bleach
ers were crowded. The regiment extended
across the park, making a splendid mili
tary showing.- The cadets were drilled Dy
Colonel- Sullivan. • -
. At 8:30 o'clock the regimental band gave
a concert .in front of the headquarters.
Despite the fog there was a large at
tendance. The detail for to-morrow Is:
Officer of the day, Captain Hopper; officer
of the guard. Lieutenant. Ma.lone; super
numerary officer, Lieutenant Toohey. Dur
ing the afternoon the camp was thronged
with visitors. The ladles were enter
tained with singing.
Company D boasts two bands. One is
known to the regiment as the "Goo Goos"
and the other as McCarthy's sextet.
Both make noise enough for the whole
camp, and especially during the sleeping
hours. . Tne "G«_ Goos" boast of an ac
cordion, two tin whistles, a fife, a har
monica and a leader. The latter is Ser
geant McCarthy, and he manages to get
harmony and the "Wabash'.' out of the
gang without much effort on his part.
Private Brophy of Company N occupies
his time in camp reading about treasure
ships in periodicals commonly termed
"penny dreadfuls." Nothing will Induce
him to forsake his literary pursuits.
Lieutenant ' Crowley of Colonel Sulli
van's staff has a tie that keeps his tent
mate, Major McGloyn, awake at night.
It has nearly caused disruption in the
band, as whenever he passes with it sus
pended around his neck the sound of the
wind instruments is drowned. Crowley
represented the Assembly from a San'
Francisco district. While in the capital
he made the acquaintance of . Senator
Shortridge. The latter presented him with
one of the brilliant neck pieces, and how
the lieutenant is experimenting on ms
campmates. It is more than likely he will
be court-martialed for keeping the camp
awake.
Sergeant Gaughran late of the United
States artillery, who brought Company
D up to Its present state of perfection In
NEW TREATIES
GO INTO EFFECT
Changes in the Relations
With Japan.
■ — ♦— —
. . • - - . .
. Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 16.— A new treaty
between the United States and Japan goes
Into effect -morrow, at which time also
new treaties between Japan and nearly all
of the countries of Europe and some of
the South American republics go into ef
fect. It is an event of far-reaching Im
portance in the relations between Japan
and the United States, as it does away
with the treaty methods which have been :
in vogue for nearly fifty years, and sub
stitutes an entirely new method of pro
cedure, ihe same is true in the relations,
of Japan with other countries. Taken as
a whole, the many new treaties which go
into effect to-morrow will place Japan on
an entirely different footing with the
world at large, as she Is recognized for
the first time as an equal in every respect.
The treaty with this country was made
November 22, 1894, in Washington, be
tween Secretary Gresham and Minister
Kureno, who then represented Japan
here. The changes it made were so far
reaching it was determined, the treaty
should not go Into operation until July
17, 1899. f
Jutaro ! Komura, the present Japanese
Minister in Washington, was seeri at the
Japanese legation to-day and gave an in
teresting outline of the more Important
•features of this arrangement. He said:
The 17th of July marks the turning point In
the diplomatic history, not only of Japan, but
of the Oriental countries in general. It will
bo- the first Instance in which the Western
powers have recognized the full sovereignty or
an Oriental state. This action of the .en
lightened nations of Europe and America shows
that If any country Is ready to assume a full
share in the responsibility and affairs of the
world at large, these old and enlightened pow
ers are ready to admit such a country to full
.comity among nations. So we regard the ad
vent of this treaty as a very important step
not only for Japan but for all the nations of
the East.
The countries with which Japan has made
new treaties are the United States. Great Brit
ain,' Germany, France, Russia Austria, Italy,
Spain, Portugal, Belgium. Holland, Denmark,
Sweden and Norway, Switzerland and ' Peru.
All (it these go into effect to-morrow, .except
those with France and Austria, which are de
ferred until August 4. With most of these,
countries Japan had treaty relations before,
but they were* crude and unsatisfactory.
To understand the change, It is necessary to
look at the system under the old treaties. This
was essentially based on two principles, -, first,
that foreign residents in Japan shall enjoy the
privileges of extra territoriality, that is, they
should be amenable to the laws and jurisdic
tion of the Consul of- their own country and
not to Japanese Jurisdiction, and second, that
foreign residents in Japan shall be conflned to
certain open ports, outside of which foreigners
could not reside, own property, or engage' in
trade. The result was in effect about fifteen
or sixteen systems of courts in Japan, for the
purpose ot, trying foreigners who committed
offenses in Japan. Furthermore, most of the
powers claimed that Japanese laws were not
binding upon foreigners. For instance,' take
'our quarantine law. While it protected os
against our own people, yet there was no pro
tection in the case of an infected foreign ship.
The only exception to this refusal to recognise
Japanese law was the United States, which
recognized from the flrst the binding force of
the Japanese law. '
One of the bad ■ effects of this system was
that foreign residents had entire Immunity
from taxation. The Japanese paid all the
taxes. • All this has now disappeared and for
eigners have the same .priyileges as well as
. the same obligations as the Japanese citizens,
no more and no less. The first step In the
new system is to put an end to the old fiction
of extra-territoriality. by which foreign citi
zens were Judged by a different standard from
Japanese.
The second essential thing Is the opening 1 of
the entire interior of Japan to foreign resi
dents and trade. Until now there have been
only flve treaty ports, Yokohama, Nagasaki,
Kobe, Hakodate and Nigata. In those 'places
foreigners had been able to live, to purchase
property and to trade, b.ut outside of them
they oould not even travel without a special
permit. These flve places are an insignificant
part of Japan. Henceforth the entire interior
of the empire, with its populous cities and in
viting fields of • industry, . is thrown, open to
foreigners. They may live anywhere, engage ln
any kind of business and will be assured of the
same protection to life and property that is
given to the Japanese. . ' .• .
In bringing about the new system of treaties
drill, left Camp Fallon to-night for the
city. }_ His departure was keenly regretted
by the boys, among whom he Is extreme
ly popular. He hopes to return on Satur
day next.'
The famous, organization known as the
"Owls," composed of officers of the reg
iment, held their first seance in the early
hours this morning. Captain Bannon of
Company C received the flrst degree of
Initiation, being awakened from sound
slumber by being pitched out of his warm
cot. The "Owls" have been in existence
for the past three camps and during that
period have had plenty of pleasure stay
ing up late nights and bluffing the guards.
An Interesting session Is promised shortly, |
when a few more officers are to be in- j
itiated. There is no need of saying that
the initiation is interesting, as the candi- j
date ie asked to do many strange things. :
the following officers compose the organi
zation: Colonel Sullivan, Major McGloyn,
Major McCarthy, Captains Duffy and *
Monohan, Lieutenants Mahoney, Crowley
and Watts and Sergeant "Brindle" Mc- I
Ginn.
"Pot" Mahoney and Harry W. Crowley,
color sergeants of the League of the Cross i
Cadets, occupy the same tent. Last night j
Crowley, who acts as guard at the Napa j
Insane Asylum, dreamed that he was j
hustling a. patient to his ward, and in his ,
anxiety to carry out his duty he laid vio
lent hands on his. sleeping companion and
hustled " him around the tent until. Ma
honey, awakened' by the rough treatment, |
punched Crowley fn the ribs and brought
him to his senses. "Pot" has applied to
the colonel for another tent, giving as a
reason for the change that he thinks
Crowley Is dangerous.
Frank Smith, Frank Oneto, Eddie Doolin
and Joe Mohuni compose the "Goo Goos."
They are a happy If not boisterous band. •
The original "Owls" are very much put
out over an attempted Infringement on j
their name by another crowd in camp.
The only "Owls" claim that their name ,
has been copyrighted, and vow to sue out
a writ of something to prevent the Oppo
sition crowd from using its proud title.
The opposition "Owls" is composed of
members of the band. They are B. Con
nolly, Frank Pohl, "Bud" Schofleld and J.
Mcintosh.
Colonel Sullivan remained in camp to
day and received visitors. The commander
of the cadets is proud of his boys and the
order they keep In camp.
The concert in Camp Fallon last night i
was largely attended. The musicians j
played their best, and an excellent pro- j
gramme of popular and classical music i
was rendered. . ' > ".-■'_
Private Keane was around camp yester- \
day swearing that 'he never dreams.
The Call's headquarters tent Is one of !
the popular places in camp. The cadets j
take pleasure in dropping in and discuss- '.
ing the news of the day.
I Japan haturally feels most friendly toward the
United States, because she always has shown a
I most sympathetic interest in Japan's desire to
i adopt modern methods and to deal on even
j terms with the rest Of the world. The mes
, sages of several of the Presidents .have spoken
in - most friendly terms of 'this matter. And
so. as the Government and people of the United
States have taken such a friendly interest un-
I der the old system. I hope and believe the
I United States Government and people will take
a most friendly Interest in the carrying out
of "the new treaty. .
MINERS DEPORTED
UNDER A PROTEST
Came to This Country Under Viola
tion of Contract Labor
Laws.
CHICAGO, July 16.— Fifteen Austrian
coal miners that are being deported from
Rathburne, lowa, to Croatian homes on
the charge of having violated the contract
labor law, left Chicago for the East to
day. Consul-General Nubar of the Aus
tria-Hungary empire was at the station
to investigate the rumor that the men
were being unjustly returned to their na
tive land.
Deputy United States marshals, acting
for the United States Immigration Com
missioner, refused to allow the Consul. to
delay the scheduled departure of the im
migrants.
The Cqnsul-General was told that the
Federal authorities consider they have a
clear case against the miners, vjho had
come to this country in answer to a
newspaper advertisement that was claim
ed to be a gross violation of the contract
lahor law. _ :•■.•
Mr. Nubar, however, wired Acting Con
sul-General Freyetsleben at New York to
Investigate the case thoroughly, with a
view to preventing the deportation of the
men if they are found to have been dealt
with unjustly.
The party left ln charge of five depu
ti_>a
LONG BEACH CHAUTAUQUA:
Sam Jones to Speak During the As
sembly Meeting.
LONG BEACH. July The" Chautau
qua Assembly will convene to-morrow
evening and will continue until August
11. Sam Jones, the evangelist, will speak
On Tuesday. July 25. Frank Beard, the
cartoonist of Ram's Horn, will furnish'en
tertainment, and there will be many other
pleasing features. Among the prominent
persons who will speak are John D. Mil
ler, Mrs. W. Henry James. Rev. Isaac
Jewell, Professor W. S. Monroe and Pro
fessor O. P. Phillips. Lee Emerson, the
elocutionist, will give, a number of selec
tions in the course of the assembly meet
ing. Mrs. Grace E. Dutton will lecture on ;
"Domestic Economy," and Miss Grace |
Atherton Dennon will conduct a class In
American llerature. *
JUDGE FOOTE DEAD.
A Leading Citizen of Minneapolis and
a Prominent Elk. '[
MINNEAPOLIS. July 16.— C. M. Foote.
grand exalted leading knight of the Grand
Lodge", Order of Elks, died In this city to
day from heart failure superinduced by a
complication of diseases. Mr. Foote was
one of the leading citizens of Minneapolis
and a few years since was a prominent
candidate for Postmaster. He was 50
years of age. *
Mr. Foote was one of those injured in
the collapse of the Coliseum at Atlantic
City, N. J., in 1895. .
Straus Back in San Jcse.
■ ( SAN JOSE, July 16.— Leon Straus, the
attorney who was ..arrested at Redding on
a charge of perjury was" brought back
here this evening. He was Immediately
released on ball. . ''.-' -^ryyyyy
Colonel Johnston Dead.
, LEXINGTON, July 16.— Colonel William
Preston. Johnston, aged 67 years, president
of Tularte-Unlversity. New Orleans, died
here to-day. He had come here for his
health. ■ :.' : •• • :-yy,yfyy
Sacramento Child Missing.
SACRAMENTO. July 16.— Elsie Pearless,
an orphan child 12 years old, strayed from
the home of Mrs. Leonard yesterday, and
has not since been heard of. though the
police have searched for her all day.
Dixon and Santry" Matched."
ST. LOUIS. July 16.— George Dixon, the
champion featherweight of ". the world, |
and"Eddie Sarrtry of Chicago bave been I
matched to box twenty rounds at the
Fourteenth Street Theater July SL . - •■-. J
REDSKINS INDULGE
IN GHOST-DANCING
| ■ _.!
iQdian Territory Tribes Conduct
ing a Series of \ Weird
Festivals. \
*' V . -. •■'
# GUTHRIE, 0.T.. July 16.— The Indians of the Territory are largely en- ©
± gaged in dancing, in spite of the efforts of the Government to prevent the ±
3. practice. At Grey Horse the Big Hill band of Osages has been holding V
5 a smoke dance for a week in honor of its guests, Pawhuska's band, and $
•r during that time has presented the latter with nearly $5000 worth of pres-
2 ents, including many ponies and saddles, a thousand yards of red calico j.
6 and fifty nickel watches. $
3* On the Otoe and Missouri reservations the members of these two - g
2 tribes are holding a six days' ghost dance, participated in by 2000 In- X
O including many Ottawas and Pawnees,' who have come long dis- g
X - tances to join the dance. . • &
2 The Green Corn dance of the Cheyennes and Arapahoes is in progress a.
Q v twenty miles west of Weatherford. fully 3000 Indians participating, and $
X the weird ceremonies, led by the medicine men, are kept up day jl and ±
4. night. • r b ±
MANNING THE
SMALL GUNBOAT.
Two Hundred Men About
to Go to Manila.
— ♦ —
ADMIRABLE COAST DEFENSES
— ♦ —
MONITORS TO REMAIN IN THE
ASIATIC SQUADRON.
♦— — ' . -
Board of Survey Pronounces- the, Ve
suvius a Failure and She Will
Be Transformed Into a
Torpedo Boat.
— -•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELDING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, July 16.—
Under orders issued by Secretary Long
200 men will soon be sent to Manila to man
eight of the small gunboats recently.pur
chased by General Otis and turned over
to the navy. As soon as additional men
can be obtained they will be ordered to.
the Asiatic station to man the remaining
gunboats so that Rear Admiral Watson
will have under his command an effec
tive force of thirteen small vessels, able
to penetrate the small streams along tne
coast of the various islands and aid in
the operations of the army.
Rear Admiral O'Neii has arranged for
the shipment of small rapid firing guns
to Manila for the little vessels. The
cruisers Isla de Cuba, Isla de Luzon and
Don Juan de Austria are being repaired
at Hongkong, and the Isla de Cuba is
I practically ready for service. It is ex
pected that they will be placed In com
mission early on the dry season. Secretary
I Long- purposes to retain the monitors
': •Monadnock and Monterey on the Asiatic
1 station. _■ ■ ,
Department officials say these vessels
'■ are splendid defenders for the city and
'< harbor of Manila. The Board of Survey,
'■ which recently inspected the dynamite
i cruiser Vesuvius, has made its report. The
department officials admit that this ves
sel is * failure, and It hasr been practically
j decided to transform her into a toperdo
I cruiser. _______________________________
LOCKFD OUT PACKERS
WILL GO TO WORK
Union Will Be Left to Deal With the
Violators of the Agree
ment.
KANSAS CITY, July 16.— 50 far as could
be learned to-day not one of the 1000
locked-out employes of the Schwarzschild
& Co. packing plant will refuse,, to go to
work Monday morning. There is no
change in the status of the trouble from
that of Saturday, beyond the decision of
the company to leave the matter of dis
cipline for the twenty-six violators of the
agreement made with the union repre
sentatives entirely in the hands of the
grievance committee of the union.
The company reserves the right, how
ever to discharge these men should the
method or extent of discipline not meet
their approval. ' ■
THE STRIKE ENDED.
Tin Plate Workers Resume Work at
an Advanced Rate of Wages.
PITTSBURG, July 16.— Tinplate work
ers throughout the country, to the num
ber of nearly 50,000. resume work to-mor
row after an Idleness of two weeks. The
scale fixed on at Chicago Is based on the
price of bars, the minimum advance over
last year's scale being placed at 15 ncr
cent, which will prevail until June 30, 1900.
In addition to the 15 p^r cent advance
the men will receive a further advance of
2 per cent because of the recent advance
of 50 cents per __J0 pounds In the price of
tinplate.
Chautauqua Sunday Services.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 16.— The assem
bly of Paciflc Coast Chautauquans to-day
listened to a sermon delivered by the
president. Rev. Dr. Ely Modish. The
Chautauqua vesper service ritual was used
and the exercises were impressive. Frank
' Beard this evening gave a chalk sermon—
' that li, he talked on moral, and religious
I subjects, illustrating his .remarks with
clever drawings in chalk on a blackboard.
| There was a large attendance and his ad
! dress was well received.
CURES ALL WEAKNESS.
' $i Electricity Restores Health
0^ and Po wer to eak
M Electricity Restores Health
and Power to Weak
Men Because it
WARMS TBE BLOOD,
• fIjULJ* STOPS THE WASTE,
. jyHS»|Sg£_ GIVES SNAP AND VIM.
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Beit
Is a magnificent remedy for weak men. Its touch is the touch of magnetism.
It fills the nerves with snap. It -'charges the body with a grand force of vital-
izing energy and. turns back the hand of time for men who lave begun to feel
old, broken down and feeble, lt Is a grand remedy for all weakness In men.
Read Dr. McLaughlin's Book, Free.
If you have drugged and failed to get relief you should try this famous
Belt. It supplies new life, and that Is what you want. CALL OR SEND FOR
MY' BOOK ABOUT IT. CLOSELY SEALED.. FREE.
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, aX^fc.'s^ra iii
- . -. . O ' Sta., Los Ang.les -..
Office Hours— a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
MAY HAVE SLAIN
A HUMAN BEING
A Puzzling Case in the
Dakota Courts.
■ — ♦ —
"MISSING LINK" WAS KILLED
— —
HIS . SI*AYER HAS .' BEEN IN
DICTED FOR MURDER.
• ♦
Archie Brewer Must Now Prove His
Freak Was a Monkey and Not
a Human Being of Low
. » Order.
♦
Special Dispatch to The .Call.
CHICAGO, July 16.— A special to the
Tribune from Bonesteel, S. D., says: Upon
the question whether his victim was brute
or human depends Archie Brewer's • guilt
or Innocence of the crime of murder.
Brewer was one of the owners of a small
tent show. Among the attractions was a
creature of seemingly a higher form of
animal life than a monkey and lower than
a man. Brewer and Thorndyke called the
animal the "missing ,link" and laid great
stress on the alleged fact that no one was
able to say whether lt belonged to the
human or brute creation. Brewer now
avers that the freak was a monkey.
In a scuffle with it the showman became
angry and seizing a heavy club dealt his
antagonist a hard blow over the ear. from
the effects of which it died in a few hours.
The local authorities immediately placed
Brewer under arrest on a charge of mur
der. -At the preliminary hearing' his law
yers set up the defense that their client
did not take the life of a human being,
but the magistrate bound him over to the
Grand Jury.
COWBOYS GATHER TO
LYNCH A NEGRO
Seek to Avenge the Wounding of a
Deputy }_larshal in
Oklahoma.
CHICAGO, July 16.— A special to the
Record from Wichita, Kans., says: A
mob of 100 farmers and cowboys gathered
around the jail at El Reno. O. T., to-night
with the avowed intention of lynching a
negro prisoner named Brown, who se
riously wounded Deputy Marshal Hitch
cock at Kingfisher yesterday. The of
ficers are unable to secure deputies and
have reported the matter to Governor
Banes, who may call out the militia.
Deputy Marshal Hitchcock attempted to
arrest Brown for horse stealing. The ne
gro resisted and shot Hitchcock twice, one
ball entering near the heart and another
in the thigh.
_ _»
HUNDREDS OF CAMPERS.
Christian Church Convention Opens
at Santa Cruz To-Day.
SANTA CRUZ, July Over 200 per
sons are already at Garfield Park to be
in attendance at the State Convention of
Christian Churches, which commences to
morrow evening, when the number will be
swelled to over 500. Every cottage, room
and tent on the grounds are engaged. The
tents dot the grove and give it the ap
pearance of a white city.
The convention will be the largest in the
history of the church. It will be opened
to-morrow evening by a praise and social
meeting led by Rev. R. L. McHatton,
pastor of the Santa Cruz Church. The
ministerial convention will be opened on
Tuesday morning at 8 o'clock by a devo
tional meeting, to be followed by papers
and addresses and an open parliament.
In the evening a sermon is to be preached
by S. M. Jefferson, dean of the Berkeley
Bible School. .
The Ministerial Convention will be fol
lowed by the regular church conventions
and conventions of the Missionary Socie
ties, Christian Endeavor and Sunday
school. ■
Baptist Convention Closed.
RICHMOND, Va., July 16.— The conven
tion of the Young People's Baptist Union
closed to-night with a gathering at which
addresses were delivered by several prom
inent delegates. In the morning many
minister delegates occupied local pulpits,
and In the afternoon a regular session with
addresses and the convention sermon by
Dr. T. J. Vllers of Indiana was held.RESIGNATION
OF McNAUGHTON
IS DEMANDED
Report Made by the San Jose
Normal School Alumni
Committee.
SAN JOSE, July IS.— The committee ap
pointed by the Alumni Association of the
State Normal School to investigate the
character of Principal McNaughton has
completed Its labors and to-day filed Its
report with Miss Elizabeth Blalsdel, sec
retary of the Board of Normal School
Trustees. The report will come up before
tho trustees at their meeting next
Wednesday.
Th.' committee states that everything
bears out the charges made, and suggests
that McNaughton resign. Guilty or inno
cent, his presence will be detrimental to
the school. A synopsis of the report fol
lows:
To the Honorable Board of Trustees of the
State Normal School at San Jose ßespected
Sirs: The undersigned committee of the Alumni
Association of the State Normal School at San
Joee respectfully submits to your honorable
body the following petition:
At the last annual session of the Alumni
Association held on June 21. 1599, tin* attention
of the association was directed to certain
charges hereinafter .->et forth purporting to have
m made by certain citizens of Council Bluffs,
lowa, against Professor James McNaughton,
io T\as on June -, 1599. elected principal of
* Normal School at San Jose.
•"rior to the meeting of the Alumni Assocla
n tho charges referred to had been *;'.•■.
erable currency through a circular pur
rtlns to conuUn a copy of an article which
appeared in the lowa Normal Monthly of the
te of December, ISW), one of which circular*
has reached the committee and Is hereunto at
••hed.
lie nature of the charges, as will ix? evident
im a perusal of them, made it the duty of
? Alumni Association to use its best and
rest efforts to arrive at the truth respecting
the same.' and. if founded on malice and
warranted, to aid In the vindication of the
incipal of our school. To have evaded the
uter at such a Juncture the association
deemed would have been little less than cow
lice. It was considered desirable by the
soclation to appoint i committee to gather
_h Information as was obtainable concern
_ the charces and ascertain their truth or
.Sit}'.
Ye greatly deplore the necessity for this ac
n that has confronted the Alumni Assocla
n. but in view of the serious menace to the
•d name of our school contained ln the
irges directed against its principal no other
path seemed open in the line of duty. Reluct
tly we have entered upon our work: we have
Seavored to faithfully perform the same, and
hope with consideration only for the truth.
We trust the report we now make will reflect
marily a sincere Interest in the Normal
:iool and Its welfare, and this without in
tice to any one.
hen follows In the report an extended
statement to the effect that Professor
McNaughton has allowed a published
itement to go uncorrected to the effect
thai he is a graduate of the University
of Michigan. A copy of a letter is ap
pended from Marion C. Goodrich, assist
ant registrar of that university, to the
eet that no such person as James Mc-
Naughton ever graduated there.
A copy of the charges, that have al
ready been published, is given in full.
They allege incompetency, immorality and
usury against Professor McNaughton. and
are signed by William Groenweg, James
McNeill, Willllam McCrany. S. B. Wads
worth. George Metcalf. K. E. Aylesworth,
D. B. Daily and G. A. Holmes.
It is stated that the charges
were spread upon the minutes of the
School Board if Council Bluffs prior to
October 16, IS9O, when Professor Mc-
Naughton handed In a written resignation
and the same was accepted by the board.
The report continues as follows, after
censuring Professor McNaughton for con
cealing all knowledge of the charges in
question from the Normal School Trus
tees prior to his election:
We ._■ of the opinion that the results of our
Investigation thus far infirm us in the follow
ing conclusions:
First — '• Professor McNanghton claims to be
a graduate of Michigan University, such claim
is nut verified by the registrar. If. on the other
hand, he did not desire to make any such
claim, he should have corrected that published
statement.
Second— When Professor McNaughton was
City Superintendent of Schools at Council
Blurts, la., the charges referred to herein were
made against him by eight reputable citizens
of that city, filed with the School Board and
spread upon the minutes of that body as a
permanent record.
Third— Said * barges have never been Investi
gated by a competent tribunal or court.
Fourth -We deem It Impossible <_i. this late
date and at such a distance from Council Bluffs
to absolutely determine the truth or falsity of
such charges.
Fifth— We consider that Professor Mc-
Naughton was derelict In not demanding a full
Investigation of the charges made against him
before some board or competent tribunal in
Council Bluffs, and at a time when the con
troversy arose or within a reasonable time
thereafter.
Sixth Whether or not Mr. McNaughton Is
guilt}' of these charges, the fact still remains
that he resigned his position In face of th.-m;
that although his accusers were wealthy men,
he never brought suit against any of them for
damages, or took any other active steps to
secure a retraction of the same.
Seventh— this controversy concerning the
character and competency of Professor Me-
Naughton cannot fail but be detrimental to the
welfare of the Normal School of San Jose,
should Professor McNaughton remain In charge'
Eighth— Professor McNaughton should
have advised the Board of Trustees of the fact
at least that these charges were outstanding
against him. for the reason that It Is evident
that charges of such a nature are not to be
lightly treated or contemptuously • waved
aside when the selection of the State Normal
School is being made.
Ninth— That the reason for the dismissal of
Professor McNaughton from the Superlntend
ency of Schools at Council Bluffs rested in the
fact that the charges hereinbefore set forth
were made against him. We are unable, In the
face of the affidavit of 8. R. Johnson of San
Jose and the statements of those whose letters
we present, to give credence to the assertion
that Professor McNaughton'a dismissal was
due to his opposition to the liquor element
We are no more willing to believe that Lucius
Wells, John Schoentgen and Senator Groen
weg were or are champions of the liquor
element than we are to believe the same of
Professor McNaughton.
We are of the opinion that there Is nothing
to warrant any one who was engaged In th«
Council Bluffs controversy ln endeavoring to
bolster up his position by an appeal to the
antl-llquor sentiment. Such an appeal In the
matter, we think, only tends to cloud the mind
and divert attention from the real matter at
Issue.
The conclusion the committee of the Alumni
Association has reached, and which we deem
1_ substantiated by the foregoing report, is
that ln the best interests of the Normal School
Of San Jose Professor McNaughton should re
sign the position to which he has been elected.
If, as he claims, he Is Innocent of these charges,
he ls unfortunate, and his position would de
serve our earnest sympathy. Yet his misfor
tune. If such It be. should not be visited upon
the schools of California, and we submit that
Professor McNaughton, in the exercise of the
instincts of a teacher, will see that a lasting
Injury will result to the Normal School -at San
Jose should the princlpalshlp remain with one
whose character has been Impeached In the
past and ls still Impeached through the evi
dence submitted with this report.
Respectfully submitted, JOHN J. JURY,
ELI WRIGHT,
FRANK CARLL*.
Normal Alumni Association Investigating Com
mittee.
Then follows In the report a number of
letters and affidavits supporting Its state
ments from the following persons: Mau
rice C. Goodrich, assistant registrar Uni
versity of Michigan; William Groenweg
of Council Bluffs, J. M. Reynolds of San
Jose, affidavit; S. R. Johnson of San Jose,
affidavit; Mrs. S. R. Morrlsh of San Jose,
affidavit; John Schoentgen of Council
Bluffs. The exhibits in the report close
with an extended affidavit of Lucius
Wells. He states that after Professor
McNaughton had been In the position of
superintendent of the city schools of
Council Bluffs for six years the dally at
tendance of the High School was be
tween forty and fifty. During the school
year recently ended the attendance was
'... there being a graduating class of
fifty-two. It is stated that the population
of the city has not Increased 15 per cent
since Professor McNaughton's Incum
bency of the office, It was stated further
by Mr. Wells that so far as he knew none
of the parties who had made the charges
against Professor McNaughton had ever
retracted them. As for himself, Mr. Wells
refers to twenty business houses and
banks throughout the country, including
tho Doers Implement Company of San
Francisco.
l! } / c /L ar . d t0 Senator Groenweg it ls
stated that he has been State Senator
in lowa for two terms, been talked of for
Governor and had declined many politi
cal honors. Mr. Wells refers to the West
ern Sugar Refining Company of San
Francisco, Castle Bros, of San Francisco
and Mr. Carrclton of the Marysville Can
ning Company. ■ -
Wells 6 states" h!S mot,lres affiant, .Lucius
I have written this extended letter because I
think you are entitled to the facts. I do not
want to persecute Mr. McNaughton, and never
have been guilty of that attempt, but I do not
think lt right that pupils In any part of the
country should be under his control or Influ
ence.
These statements were sworn to before
Notary Public Casady at Council Bluffs
on July 11.
The report of the Alumni committee
closes with the sworn statement of S. B.
Wadsworth of Council Bluffs. He stated
that he knew Professor McNaughton
during his career there and at no time
did" he have the reputation of opposing
the liquor traffic.
AMERICAN FORESTRY
ASSOCIATION SESSION
Annual Meeting to Open at Los An
geles During the Present
Week.
LOS ANGELES, July 16.— The American
Forestry Association, of which Hon.
James Wilson, Secretary of Agriculture, !
is president, will hold Its annual session
of 1899, embracing a series of interesting
meetings, under the auspices of the For
est and Water Association of Los Angeles
County, on July 19 th and 20th. On
Wednesday evening there will be an ad
dress of welcome by Hon. Stephen _«I.
White and responses by eminent members
of the national association. Illustrated
lectures by F. H. Newell and J. B. Lip
plncott and addresses by other distin
guished speakers will be given.
On Thursday afternoon papers on the
protection of forest groves, the storage
of water at rivers' sources and tne
reclamation of arid lands, will be read.
On Thursday evening there will be an Il
lustrated lecture by Gilford Pinchot and
discussions by eminent speakers.
Among the speakers who will address
these meetings are: Hydrographer F. H.
Newell, Professor Glfford Pinchot and
Secretary George P. Whittlesey of Wash
ington. D. C. ; Hon. Georgo H. Maxwell
of ' San Francisco, J. Walters, Mayor
Eaton, President George White of the
University of Southern California, United
States Hydrographer J. J. Lippincott.
City Engineer Frank H. Olmstead, En
gineers J. D. Schuyler and H. Hawgood,
T. S. Van Dyke, author and traveler, and
Hon. Abbott Kinney, commissioner of Yo
semite Park and President of the Southern
California Academy of Sciences.
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson is ex
pected to arrive in the city on Tuesday, j
FATAL RESULT OF
A FAMILY QUARREL
Mrs. Treider Kills Her Mother,
Wounds Her Husband and
Commits Suicide.
LIBERTYVILLE, 111.. July Follow
ing a family quarrel this afternoon Mrs.
George Treider shot and killed her mother,
Mrs. Christian Foss, wounded her hus
band and killed herself. The shooting oc
curred at the home of the Treiders, a mile
and a half northwest of Long Grove, a
village near this place. Treider was shot
three times, but it is thought he will re
cover. The quarrel was precipitated by
long-standing family troubles. Hot words
were exchanged during the morning be
tween Mrs. I-\*ss and her daughter, and
_. reidor also became involved in the dis
cussion. I
The trouble was apparently over, when |
after dinner It broke out afresh. Mrs. i
Treider stepped Into the bedroom, and |
appearing immediately with a revolver
opened fire upon her mother. The tirst
shot was fatal, and the husband, spring
ing forward to disarm his wife, received
three wounds that sent him from the
house in retreat. After leaving the house
he hoard two more shots, the ones that
killed his wife.
Mrs. Treider leaves two children, 7 and
6 years of age respectively. She was 3.5
and her mother 80 years of age.
POWER FOR PALO ALTO.
Peninsula lighting Company to
Supply the Town.
PALO ALTO, July Affairs are shap
ing themselves so that cheap electric light
and power seem assured to the town of Palo
Alto. John J. Lewin, the local electrician,
says the Peninsula Lighting Company has
obtained a concession from the Blue
Lakes Standard Electric Company to fur
nish power and light in all the district
from San Mateo to Mountain "View. It
expects the current to be available at this
point within eighteen months. A sliding
scale of rates for current is proposed, ac
cording to the time of day or night it is
used. From midnight to 4 o'clock p. m.
the current will be furnished so cheaply
that it will displace other methods of pro
ducing power, even the gasoline engine
or water-power.
The Peninsula Lighting Company, It is
understood, will make a proposition to
the town Trustees to sell current deliv
ered to any convenient central station at
rates that will make it advantageous for
the town to buy It.
There has been some talk In Palo Alto
of establishing a public electrical plant to
suppl/ power and light to the neighbor
hood. If this should be done, and at the
same time the Peninsula Lighting Com
pany should furnish electricity, compe
tition would be brisk and rates would
go down. To avoid this destructive com
petition it Is thought best by some of the
citizens to accept the Peninsula offer If
a good one be made, although the people
appreciate that no private company could
close a public plant that could be run In
definitely below cost, should the public
so elect. At any rate, .cheap lights seem
assured. <y ' ,
♦
ADMIRAL MONTOJOii COAT.
Belie of the Late War Exhibited at
Palo Alto.
PALO ALTO, July 16.— Palo Alto now
has an Interesting relic of the late war
with Spain. It is the full-dress coat of
Admiral Montojo, commander of the
Spanish fleet at Manila. The coat is par
ticularly interesting because It was worn
by the admiral at a reception given the
night before the battle. This reception
"alls sharply to mind the grand ball at
Brussels Just before the battle of
Waterloo, only In the modern Instance it
was the conquered and not the conquerors
who .spent the night in revelry.
The coat Is made of the finest black
broadcloth, and ls elegantly trimmed with
gold braid an Inch and- one-quarter wide
and gold shoulder straps, and is lined
and faced with handsome red flannel. O.
B. McAfee, gunner's mate on Admiral
Dewey's flagship, the Olympia, secured
the prize and brought It with him to his
home In Palo Alto upon his discharge
from the service.
♦
Defends Christian Science.
STOCKTON, July 16.— Frank J. Ryan, a |
veteran Journalist, who for twelve years
was editor of the Independent, has writ
ten a book in defense of Christian Sci
ence. The work Is a direct answer to the
various pulpit attacks made of late upon
Mrs. Eddy and her followers. Mr. Ryan
takes the ground that nearly all of the
great Protestant leaders, past and pres
ent, have believed In the system in one
form or another, and that lt is only the
lesser lights who seek to cast odium upon
it. The author quotes liberally from dif
ferent theological writers in support of
his position.
Killed by a Train.
MARTINEZ, July 16.— The engine of the
Los Angeles express, leaving San Fran
cisco at 5:30 p. m., struck and instantly
killed a man near San Pablo. Apparently
the man was a farm laborer. He sought
to cross the track Immediately after the
ingoing New Oi leans express passed and
did not observe the approaching train
The body was turned over to the authori
ties of Contra Costa County at Martinez
for identification.
„. - _• . *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 17, 1899.
HOLLISTER BOY
FOR WEST POINT
McCroskey Passes All
Examinations.
BENJAMIN B. McCROSKEY.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS. July 16.— For the first time
this section of the State has the honor
of sending a native son to West Point.
Benjamin B. McCroskey of Hollister was
appointed some time ago, together with
several alternates. They will not have
the chance to enter the United States
military academy at present, for young
McCroskey has not only passed the men
tal examination, but has just recently
succeeded in passing all the physical re
quirements.
Benjamin Barrett McCroskey was born
in Hollister and Is a graduate of the
high school there. He was attending
Stanford University when he received his
appointment. He Is just 19 years old and I
Is 5 feet 7 Inches tall. His father. Judge j
McCroskey, died several years ago from I
the effects of an accident. ' His mother Is j
living. Young McCroskey ls at present
In the East.
SERIOUS RIOTS
IN KIAOCHAU
Armed Peasants Attack
the Railway.
. — —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. July The steamship
| Olympia of the Northern Pacific line ar-
I rived to-day from China and Japan with
j 3000 tons of the new crop of tea. She
began discharging immediately and will
hasten back with freight that Importers
are attempting to rush into Japan I*.
i fore the new duties become effective.
J Several cars of tobacco await shipment
' here.
The Olympia brings the following mall
, advices: Serious riots occurred near
1 Klaochau June 26. Thousands of armed
peasants rose by preconcerted signal and
attacked the railway now being actively
pushed in the vicinity. The rioters offered
; determined resistance to the German In
fantry and nine were killed. It is ex
| pected that the military will be able to
restore order without further bloodshed.
Two Russian engineers and ten Cos
! sacks have been killed by brigands near
: Klrin.
Much damage was done by the recent
! floods in the Kobe prefecture. Losses are
j roughly estimated at over 150,000 yen.
The Italian squadron ls maneuvering in
the Yellow Sea and the Chinese authori
ties express anxiety as to Its Intentions.
The representatives of the powers do not,
i however, believe Italy will take decisive
j action against China. >
The recent fire at Onomache, in the
j province of Echinlzen, destroyed 721
houses, 56 godowns, three Buddhist ter
n ples, a police office, a post and telegraph
j office, etc. Four persons were burned to
death, flve severely wounded and fifty
slightly Injured. The place was the scene
of a conflagration twelve years ago, when
1051 houses and 222 godowns were de
stroyed.
The British and American residents of
i Kinnlng district have been advised by
. their consuls to leave Foochow in order
i to escape possible further attack.
One case of cholera has appeared at
Nagasaki.
On June 14 a great quantity of gunpow
der exploded In a godown of the military j
division at Shinkei-Ye, Japan, and over
i 300 houses surrounding the place were de
! stroyed and thirty lives lost.
A coal mine in Takawa-Gorl became
rii.ed with poisonous gases and about 190
miners were suffocated.
The American, Russian and German
Ministers are engaged In negotiations re
garding the construction of the Seoul-
Wousal railway.
On June 14 at Seoul explosives were i
thrown at the residence of SlnKwl Son
(Premier), Pak Chong Yang and Pak ll wl
Yang, wounding one person severely. Tho
j court was thrown Into a great panic. The
j Emperor has removed to the newly built
■ library, between the Russian and the
I American legations, and Is closely guard
ed. Some thirty person* were arrested.
They are suspected of being connected
with conspirators ln Japan.
i The Chinese Minister at Berlin has been
Instructed to contract with the Vulcan
Iron Works at Stettin, Germany, for the
construction of two armor-clads of about
8000 tons and six protected fast cruisers
of 3500 tons, to be completed within thirty
months, for 10,000,000 taels. An order for
fifty quick-firing field guns will also be '■
placed ln Germany.
A telegram from Chemulpo June 19 says :
two captains in the Korean army and two
other persons have been apprehended on a |
j charge of plotting to dethrone the present j
Emperor. _^_^___^^^^^^
ORIENTAL MART FOR
PACIFIC COAST PRODUCE
Secretary of ~ Agriculture Wilson
Comes Westward to Encourage
Its Development.
TACOMA. July 16.— Secretary of Agri
culture Wilson arrived to-day and will
spend some time on the Paciflc Coast.
Ills special mission is to encourage coast
agriculturists to supply the home demand
for their products and to push out as
rapidly as possible for new markets In the
Philippines and Hawaii. He finds that
lowa Ib still shipping to the Northwestern
States quantities of butter that should be
produced here. He is anxious that oppor
tunities for commerce with the Philip
pines and Oriental"" countries be speedily
embraced. He says President McKinley
desired that he make this trip and be
lieves with him that the rapid devel
opment of the Paclflc Coast is the direct
result of the nation's new acquisitions In
the Paclflc. Secretary Wilson says: -
"The Paclflc Coast has the greatest op
portunity ever offered to any people. The
Agricultural Department is going to do
everything possible to aid in building up
Pacific Coast commerce. Congress will
give us all the money we need, and the
President wants you to feel that every
thing his administration can do to help
you will. be done. We of the Mississippi
Valley have concluded that a change Is
coming. Our great markets will bo west
ward rather than to the East. What has
heretofore been considered our national
back door on the Paclflc is now our front
door, just as the Capitol at Washington
had its front door fixed in one direction,
but finds now that the people do all tne
business on the opposite side."
STEEP GRADES ARE
CLIMBED AND BAD
ROADS TRAVERSED
Through Rain and Mud the Auto
mobile Runs From Hudson
to Albany.
BY JOHN D. DAVIS.
ALBANY, July Rain played havoc with the roads last night
and we found on leaving Hudson at 1 o'clock in ■ the afternoon that
trouble was in store. The* road to Klnderhook is of clay, and last
night's storm turned it Into about six inches of genuine Missouri gum
that clung to our tires and wheels tighter than a porous plaster. It was
necessary to proceed with caution, as the rear wheels continually slid
toward the gutter and threatened every minute to go over. There waa
not three miles of good road during the thirty seven miles covered.
While nearing Stuyvesant Falls we lost a nut off the valve on the
rear cylinder, and spent three hours and a half looking for it and
making a new one out of a thumbscrew. While doing this a hump
backed man came along and I rubbed his hump to throw off the hoodoo
that has stood by us since we started on the 13th. After that had we
had anywhere near favorable roads we would have made excellent time.
Between bad roads, darkness and horses of Sunday church-goers we
were over four hours making twelve miles. One or two small repairs
are needed and we will make them before starting to-morrow. It was
too late, midnight, when we arrived. AH these little annoyances only
strengthens our determination to make "San Francisco or bust."
HUDSON, N. V.. July Owing
to a heavy rainstorm that con
tinued until about 10 o'clock
this morning, rendering the
roads very muddy. Mr. and Mrs.
John D. Davis, the transcontinental
automobilists, did not leave Hudson for
Albany until 1 o'clock. During last
evening a machinist replaced with new
steel parts the defective brass petti
cock and controller, the breaking of
which at Red Hook Saturday seriously
delayed progress. A thirty-mile-an
! hour gait was taken by the motor in
| leaving town, and as the worst of the
j roads have b ;en passed a quick passage
|to Albany is expected. At Rossman's,
five miles north of the city, is a hill that
no wheelman can ride, its average
grade being about forty degrees, but
the motor climbed it with apparent
ease. Large crowds of enthusiastic
spectators witnessed the departure of
Mr. and Mrs. Davis.
ALBANY, July 16.— Bad roads ren
! dered almost impassable by heavy
rains and steep grades at almost every
mile tested the power of the automobile
to the utmost this afternoon. In spite
of it all, however, and in spite c* an
other slight accident, Mr. and Mrs.
Davis reached Albany Just before mid
night and were greeted by a delegation
of newspaper men and bicyclists.
"Our. trip from Hudson has been a
trying one," said Mr. Davis, "but the
motor Is now working smoothh' and is
down to its bearings. We will make
speed from no— on if the roads are
fairly good. We got our best speed of
the trip to-day, taking into account the
horrible condition In which we found
the roads over which we had to travel;*
and if the way is as well prepared as
I am told there will be no further
trouble.
"We left Hudson this afternoon." he
continued, "for the purpose of getting
into a territory -where there ''are ample
telephone and telegraph conveniences.
It had been raining heavily all through
the night, and we were warned to ex
pect hard traveling, and we got it.
Just out of Hudson there is a two-mile
stretch of clay road that was like glue.
It clogged our wheels so that we had to
stop frequently to scrape it off. Then
we had to overcome slipping on grades,
and we did that too. A party of wheel
men who escorted us, made bets that
we could not climb Rossman Hill and
were the most surprised men In the
world to see the automobile mount it
easily In spite of the mud.
"Of course there was an accident, for
troubles never come singly. . Just be
fore reaching Stuyvesant the nut con
trolling the exhaust valve In the rear
cylinder, broke from the pin and got
lost. Our mechanic, Mr. Fisher, made
a new one out of a battery screw, but
we lost fully three hours by this mis
hap."
"Talking about luck," continued Mr.
Davis, "Mrs. Davis firmly believes we
are hoodooed by our starting on the
13th, and she actually got me to rub
against a humpbacked man at the de
pot to break the spell. It seemed to
work all right, for things have gone
smoother ever since, no matter how
much you may laugh about it. I want
to add while speaking of Mrs. Davis,"
that she is standing the strain of the
trip wonderfully well and will be over
feeling tired . when we get to going
smoothly as we expect hereafter.
"What do I think of New York State
roads? They are about as bad as could
be made as far as we have come. We
we. t several miles out of our course on
the advice of farmers, whom we met at
Coxsackie, and did not find much of
an improvement after all. The mud
BRYAN TO ADL3ESS
THE CHICAGO MEETING
Accepts the Invitation Despite Pro
tests From Friends of Mayor
Harrison.
CHICAGO. July 16.— John P. Altgeld
has received a message from Hon. Will
iam J. Bryan In which Mr. Bryan says he
will speak at the "Chicago platform mass
meeting," which will be held In the Audi
torium on July 20, the date of the meeting
in Chicago of the Democratic National
Committee. __B_pM_aH_a___q|
According to the Tribune the supporters
of Mayor Harrison had strongly hoped
Mr. Bryan would refuse Mr. Altgeld's In
vitation, and even wrote to Mr. Bryan,
setting forth reasons from the point of
view of the Harrison side why Mr. Bryan
should not speak at the meeting.
Mayor Harrison has been Invited to de
liver an address of welcome. He is In
vited as the Mayor of Chclago, and not
as a Democrat. "Mr. Harrison is Mayor
of our city," said Mr. Altgeld, "and it is
only proper that we should Invite him to
welcome the visiting Democrats."
WILL INVESTIGATE THE
MORMON SETTLEMENT
Reports Circulated That Polygamy Is
Being Practiced in Mexican
Colonies.
CHIHUAHUA. Mex.. July . 16.— Several
years ago prominent officials of the Mor
mon church of Salt Lake City visited
Mexico and obtained from the Mexican
Governrvant a valuable concession for the
establishment of Mormon colonies in this
State. The colonists came direct from
Utah and located In favored localities
north of here. They have prospered.
Reports have been in circulation for
some time that members of the colonies
are nractlclng polygamy contrary to the
Mexican law. It is understood that an
investigation has been ordered by the
Mexican authorities. Apostle Brigham
Young of Salt Lake City, the eldest son of
the former head of the Mormon church,
Is on his way to visit the colonies in this
State. The total number of colonists ls j
about ten thousand. . .
Wanted l>y Two Congregations
. STOCKTON, July 16.— 1t Is understood
here that Central Methodist Episcopal
was about six inches deep everywhere, |
and we had a heavy rainstorm part of j
the way in addition. When we reached j
Rensselaer our makeshift repairs failed
us, and the machine had to be mended
before we could cross the bridge to
Albany. Otherwise the automobile
would have reached the capital an
hour sooner. It was dark, but we
managed to get in shape to end our
trip for the night in a comfortable lo
cality. We find many pleasant mes
sages awaiting us, and assure our
friends that they are very welcome."
As to his plans for to-morrow Mr.
Davis said: "I shall have the auto
mobile cleaned and put in thorough
order at once, and expect to start by
'noon l.': the latest. lam told that there
Is a first-class »-oad from Albany to
Utica and we mean to make the most ;
of It. By noon the effects of the rains
ought to have about all gone so that the
mud will no longer interfere with our
travel."
In spite of the late hour of their ar
rival a laree number of Albanians
gathered about the Hotel Teneyck to
view the automobile, which had asily
climbed the wet and slippery pave
ments of State-street hill. A large dele
gation", of wheelmen and others inter
ested In the coming mode of travel
have been waiting impatiently for sev
eral days to see the automobile, and
will call on Mr. Davis in the morning.
DENVER, July 16.— "1 do not think
the trans-continental mobile will have
any difficulty whatever in crossing the
Rocky Mountains." That was the
statement made by State Engineer Mc-
Cune yesterday. Mr. McCune had read
of how^the automobile had climbed
Nelsons Hill, near Peekskill, N. Y.
"If there is no mistake In that ac
count, the automobile will easily cross
Colorado," continued Mr. McCune.
"The State roads of Colorado do not
exceed fifteen per cent in grade, and
we are now building all the State roads
not to exceed a ten per cent grade.
There are in the State only a few roads
of twenty per cent grade, and they
are byways. We do not designate them
as wagon roads. If the automobile
easily climbed Nelsons Hill, It will race
over the Colorado roads, whether in the
mountains or In the valleys. I do not
think the carriage will have the slight
est trouble in getting through- this
State. There are so many different i
routes it could take that it would be
difficult to say -which was best. The
route can be selected after the auto
mobile has been given a little more ex
ercise, and it is better known what it
can accomplish. The trip will be a big
advertisement for Colorado, as it will
show the East that ou>* toads are not so
bad as half of the roads In the East."
Church of San Francisco is trying to se
cure Rev. W. C. Evans of this- city to
fill the vacancy to be created by Rev Dr
Locke's removal to Buffalo. Dr. Evans
has been in charge of Central Church here
for two years, and the congregation would
regret very much to lose him. Dr. Evans
says he has heard nothing of the pro
posed change, and that the matter would
rest solely with the bishop and presiding
elder.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR
SERVICES AT LYNN
'-' : y. . -\ m •
Kansas Wins the Trophy for Propor
tional Increase of Members Dur
ing the Past Year.
LYNN, July 16.— Nearly all the local
churches held services to-day in honor of
the delegates to the Christian Union con
vention and many of the visiting clergy
men were heard.
In the afternoon the newly elected offi
cers of the Union were formally installed
and .the customary prizes were awarded.
Two banners were awarded to Kansas
one on account of showing the largest
proportional Increase of membership dur
ing the year and another for collecting
the largest proportional amount for the
missionary fund. A call of the States for
reports of the work followed. Rev. Mr
Bradley reported for California, Washing
ton and Oregon and Rev. S. Wallis Gate
for Japan.
THE TRUST CONFERENCE.
Committee Seeks Full Information
From All the Big Combines.
CHICAGO, July 16.-The general com
mittee on arrangements for the confer
ence on combinations and trusts, called
by the Civic Federation of Chicago, has
mailed circular- letters to 450 trusts and
combinations throughout the country,
asking twenty-six questions, such as the
number of organizations included in the
consolidation, the number yet outside
the original capital of the various con
cerns now merged and the present capital
employed by the combine and the ef
fect on prices of products, the effect on
labor as to displacement and rate of
wages. P<%t&___naMHpHMnSM.
Of the labor unions in , the various
crafts employed In these combinations,
questions are asked as to the effect on
wages, on hours of work and the number
thrown out of employment by the or
ganization of trusts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. ABORN
554 SUTTER STREET, above Powell.
Eye, Ear, Nose, Throat and
Lung Specialist.
One of the first physicians on the American continent, over thirty :
years ago, to make diseases of the above-named organs a specialty, as
well as all affections of the digestive organs and nervous and chronic
diseases. .
His antiseptic germiclal Inhalation and building up and revitalizing :
treatment are the most rational and successful methods known to
modern science. While on the Pacific Coast, from '69 to '76. his suc-
cess was phenomenal, and many whom he cured at that time are still :
living and remain permanently well after a lapse of 25 to 30 years.
His patients almost invariably EXPERIENCE IMMEDIATE RE-
LIEF and gain in weight 10 to 30 pounds in 30 to 60 days. !
A thorough course of treatment is prepared and furnished in most ;
cases upon the first consultation, which can be used at the patient's
home. HOME TREATMENT through correspondence for those who re- '
side in remote parts of the State and adjoining States. and Territories '.
who cannot call personally.
DR. ABORN'S "Essay on the Curability of Consumption," with cvi- •
dences of some extraordinary cures, can be had upon application. '.
HIGH INDORSEMENTS,
While located in Washington, D. C. , prior to his visit to San Francisco, Cal.,
thirty years ago, Dr. Aborn treated and cured the most noted men of the nation.
THROAT AND* LUNGS.
The New Theory Sop Diseases of the Air Passages. A Word :
From an Old School Physician as to Its Merits.
There are many systems of medicine by which we attempt to heal the human
body, and make it free of disease, ranging from the science of Allopathy down to that '
of Hydropathy. How far they have succeeded time has abundantly shown by the
number of their failures, as well as by the number and nature of their cures.
In the cure of pulmonary disease. Dr. Aborn has stepped out of the old beaten
track, and adopted a system so simple, direct and natural as to recommend Itself to
all who are suffering from catarrh and disease of the lungs, of a character defying
cure by any of the old methods of treatment.
Although from childhood I have been raised, and also went through a regular
.course and graduated as an Allopathlst, yet a strict love of what Is right and best,
as well as PERSONAL BENEFIT RECEIVED BY THE NEW SYSTEM as practiced
by Dr. Ahorn, teaches me to bear some testimony to Its merits for the benefit of suffer-
ing humanity. A. FALCONER, M. D., Lawrenceville, Pa.
February 5, 1567. ;
From Hon. John Covode, M. C. Pennsylvania.
WASHINGTON, D. C. June 12, 1868.
For more than a year I suffered Inconvenience from deafness and a constant
sounding in my ear. On the 21st of May I applied for relief to Dr. Aborn. He relieved
me at once, and from that day to this I have had no difficulty of a"nv kind with my
hearing. Truly JOHN COVODE, M. C, Pa.
From Hon. James A. Johnson, ex-Member of Congress and ex-Lieu- ;
tenant Governor of California.
WASHINGTON, D. C* February 24, 1869.
To Whom It May Concern— Having been a sufferer from catarrh and a severe
bronchial affection for more than seven years, and having found great relief by
submitting myself to Dr. Aborn's treatment for a few days only, I take pleasure In
saying. Dr. Aborn with his new and improved instruments for local application to
the lungs, air-passages, eyes and ears, should encourage all who are afflicted in '.
those parts to cherish a lively hope that they may find quick and permanent relief.
Very truly, JAMES A. JOHNSON, M. C.
A Letter From Professor A. Livezey. ;
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March 8. 1869. \
DR. ABORN— Dear Sir: As I understand that you purpose visiting the Pacific Coast <
professionally, at the solicitation of- a large number of influential citizens, I confidently <
anticipate that you will be blessed with that large patronage which your peculiar J
genius and skill have elsewhere obtained, and which your great success In your <
profession so Justly merits. x
The noted .celebrity which you have already achieved in your specialties must be ']
as peculiarly gratifying to yourself as It is to your friends. <
With the sincere desire that you may continue the future to relieve suffering '
humanity as you have done in the past, I remain yours truly, «
ARUM. LIVEZEY, A.M.. M.D.
Ex-Professor of Surgery, Obstetrics and Diseases of Women and Children: Clinical J
Lecturer, etc., etc., in the Philadelphia University of Medicine and Surgery, etc., etc. ,
From HON. J. S. CLARKSON. ex-FIRST ASSISTANT POSTMASTER GENERAL, ',
lowa State Register Office. Editorial Department, Dcs Moines, October 10, __.->. '
To Whom It May Concern — • . . ]
1 can freely say of Dr. Aborn, to whom this letter is given, that I have for him *
high esteem as a gentleman and as a physician. 1 have been for some time ac- '
quainted with him quite intimately, and have ever found him thoroughly a gentleman, ',
straightforward in business, and prompt in action as ln promise. As a physician he *
has in this city, where he sojourned during the summer, given proof of great, if not '•
remarkable, skill. I am acquainted with many of the persons in this State whom he '
has cured of diseases that were considered incurable, and have been at several times !
a witness to his ex_.ertness in difficult cases. J. S. CLARKSON, Editor Register. ,
His Former Visit to the Pacific Coast.
Dr. Aborn arrived in San Francisco on the 21st day of October, 1869, from Wash- '
lngton, D. C. On his arrival he brought letters of introduction to several gentlemen
who have worthily filled the highest offices in the gift of the people. Among these
was one of the Hon. James A. Johnson, then a member of Congress from California,
to his Excellency. Frank McCoppin, then Mayor of San Francisco, which is hereto
appended: —
WASHINGTON, D. C, February 24, 1869.
DEAR SlR:— This will introduce Dr. Aborn, for whom I ask the consideration to
which he, as a man of science and skill in his profession, ls entitled. I ha* personal
knowledge of some wonderful cures wrought by his treatment. I can most cheerfully
recommend him to you and all my California friends. Respectfully and truly,
JAMES A. JOHNSON, M. C.
His Honor, Mayor FRANK McCOPPIN. San Francisco, California.
EVIDENCES OF DR. ABORN^SUCCESS IN SAN FRANCISCO. :
From Hon. S. 0. Houghton, California.
SAN JOSE, November 22, 1869. «
I have been afflicted with severe nasal catarrh for two years, -which a fare :a?*i»b» ',
since extended to my throat, producing a distressing cough and otilously impairing my <
health generally. I have been under the treatment of Dr. Aborn for about three ■
weeks, and have been already greatly relieved; my cough has almost disappeared and !
my health greatly improved. By one application Dr. Aborn relieved me of a severe <
neuralgic pain, and with four applications it was entirely cured. '
S. O. HOUGHTON. 2
From Charles N. Fox, Esq. 2
(Office of Campbell, Fox & Campbell. Attorneys and Counsellors at Law. No C2B ' '•
California St.) " -
SAN FRANCISCO, February 19, 1870. _
Were lt not for the good which I hope it may have done to suffering humanity by
informing them where they could find relief, I should regret having given Dr. Aborn
my little testimonial of the 10th January, for the demands made upon my time in
answering inquiries in regard to him have been more numerous than profitable to me:
and still they come.
To save the necessity for further personal" application, let me say to those who
care for my opinion that time has only strengthened my first favorable opinion of Dr
Aborn, and my confidence in
THE PERMANENCE OF THE CURE
Effected by him. All my difficulty arose from catarrh, which had become of a serious
character, affecting the hearing and the throat, giving me at times acute pains and at
others rumbling sounds In the ears, frequent headaches, and so seriously affecting the
bronchial tubes as to sometimes disable me from public speaking. It is all gone and
the change was produced, not by the absurd practice of putting medicines into the
stomach, which was not affected, but by the skillful application of medicinal remedies
directly to the parts which were diseased. I have found the Doctor a gentleman li_ his
intercourse and business, and the judgment that I have formed of him professionally
Is, that he is a regular physician, thoroughly acquainted with the anatomy of the hu- '
man body, and possessing a remarkable degree of skill ln the treatment of those
diseases which he makes his specialty. ■ CHARLES N. FOX.
Lieut. -Governor Hold en's Card.
SAN FRANCISCO. April 6, 1870. '
Having suffered nine or ten years with a throat and bronchial affection, I applied
to Dr. Aborn, at San Francisco, who has treated me for about two months. I feel lt '
my duty to state, for the benefit of those afflicted In like manner, that I found Im- •
mediate and, I think, permanent relief from his treatment, and that I consider his '
treatment scientific, and that the Doctor is master of his profession.
WM. HOLDEN, Lieut. -Governor. '.
R. P. Clement's Card.
Law Office of R. P. & Jablsh Clement. No. 51 Exchange building, San Fianclsco Cal — '
January 22, 1871.- l V '
DR. ABORN— Dear Sir: I have thought that possibly you might be pleased to '
know the condition of the little school girl. Mary Morris, whom you treated some
months ago at my request, and who, you will remember, was nearly deaf and seri- '
ously afflicted with some bronchial trouble when she went to you. She ls now en- " 2
tlrely cured both of deafness and bronchial affection, and declares that she was «
substantially cured on her flrst visit to you. She and her parents are very grateful '
to you,, and think it is wholly due to your skill that her hearing and health are re- '<
stored. Yours truly, R. P. CLEMENT, , ;
EVIDENCES OF THE PERMANENCY OF DR. ABORN'S CURES 2
Bronchial and Lung Affection Bemains Permanently Cured After a 2
Lapse of Twenty-three Years — A Letter From Mr. Thos. Hatton, !
a Well-Known and Prominent Citizen of Dcs Moines, lowa. '
Thomas Hatton. Real Estate Loans and Investment Agency, 310 Fifth street <
DES MOINES. la.. May 29. 1899. I
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN: ' ;
The undersigned, a resident of the city of Dcs Moines for the past thirty-seven '
years, desires to bear testimony to the skill of Dr. Aborn In the treatment of pul- '
monary and kindred complaints. About the year 1876 I was very seriously afflicted '
with bronchial and lung troubles; in fact, had two or three quite severe hemorrhages !
and my left lung was practically useless. Dr. Aborn treated me constitutionally and •
by local inhalation applications, and within two months' time I was practically '
cured. I continued the treatment for some time longer and have never suffered a day !
since from any trouble of the kind. And my lungs and bronchial tubes have been '
sound, I believe, as any one's could be, and are at the present time, after a lapse '
' of twenty-three years. I have known the doctor and of his successful practice for the i <
past thirty years. ,
During the doctor's practice at that time I personally knew of a number of people *
whom he treated with pronounced success. From my awn personal experience and '
observation of his treatment of others I .believe the doctor to be capable of doing a '
great good to persons afflicted with such troubles. Very respectfully. <
_ - THOS. HATTON. J
DEAFNESS AND DISEASE OF EAR ]
Remains Permanently Cured After a Lapse of Thirty Years. i
A letter from Hon. B. F. Allen. ex-State Senator and banker of lowa now located *
at Los Angeles: <
Department of the Interior, General Land Offlce '
LOS ANGELES, Cat, June 7, 1899 2
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN— ' o! ™' . 2
I hereby wish to bear testimony to the skill of Dr. Aborn In his specialties '
About thirty years ago the doctor treated my daughter for deafness and disease '
of the ear and gave her instant , relief, and soon effected a permanent cure She *
remains well to-day after thirty y;ears, the hearing being restored and the diseased 2
ear cured. At the same time I knew of other cases that he treated equally as sue- 2
cessful as that of my daughter. Very respectfully, B. F. ALLEN. '
"While There Is Life There Is Hope." \
Dr. Aborn Is prepared to give the afflicted the most approved modern scientific <
treatment for the various diseases embraced in his specialties. With his improved *
facilities and. large experience in the treatment of throat and lung diseases nasal : *
catarrh, diseases of the eye and ear, affections of the digestive organs, nervous svs- *
tern, etc. Dr. Aborn Is prepared to treat with almost unfailing success all such -
cases as may come under his care. None should despair, no matter how severe or '
aggravated their cases may be. i
. Dr. Aborn has given abundant and substantia] evidences of his wonderful sue- 2
cess in restoring his patients to perfect health after all the ordinary methods have <
failed. The parties from whom Dr. Aborn has received the most flattering testi- .
monlals are well known and influential citizens, who have given their cards to the <
public, not only because of their gratitude to Dr. Abojji. but with the sincere desire <
to benefit their fellow sufferers, by assuring them thatTiealth and happiness, through _
exemption from suffering, are also within their reach, by an intelligent recognition of 4
the great superiority of Dr. Aborn's great modern method of treatment. «, • . <
DR. ABORN'S OFFTceTaND RESIDENCE,
554 SUTTER ST., between Powell and Mason, San Francisco, Cal.
Sutter-street cars from Market-street ferry pass the door. Electric caas at I
San Jose depot, corner Third and Townsend streets, transfer to Powell corner ]
of Ellis; get off corner Sutter and Powell streets. |
OFFICE HOURS, 9:30 to 12, and 2 to 4. |
34
MONDAY ..JULY 17, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 186$.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.. 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, ; Including Postage: .
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year f6.<X
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). J months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month <*Be
SUNDAY CALL One Year... 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year l.°o
All postmasters arc authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadwa>
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square j
NEW YORK REPRESENT
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building j
1 — I
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS. j
Sherman HouFe: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel..
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. BrentWio, Sl Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. _________
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotol
d. L. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
£:3C o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open uotll 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock- ;
IS4I Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock- 2291 MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
■ ibla -"Lord and Lady Aley
rnia— "The Dancing Girl."
* irpheum- -Vaudeville.
'Blue Beard."
Alcazar — "The New Magdelen."
Grand Opera House — "Olivette."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Buti Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Lecture To-night.
AUCTION SALES.
By Charles Levy & Monday, July 17, Furniture, at 1230
Post street, at 11 o'clock.
By S. Watki ns— Thursday, July 20, Horses, at SIO Golden
Gate avenue.
By B. B. Bryan— Friduy, July 21, at 11 o'clock. thorough-
bred horses, at 226 Fourteenth Etreet.
ENGLAND (3ND AMERICAN GOLD.
HAD it not been for the sudden increase in the
Bank of Eng. nd rate of discount from to 3 1 •_
per cent and 4 / 2 per cent for short advances the
past week would have passed without a ripple
on the smooth commercial sea, which, as far as this
country was concerned, was a vast expanse of
monotonous prosperity. But the action of the "Old
Lady of Threadneedle Street" arrested the attention
of American financiers, for, like a two-edged sword,
it is liable to cut' in almost any direction and lead to
unforeseen results. As the financial situation in Eng
land produces more or less effect on trade condi
tions in this and other countries, it is not amiss to see
how that country stands.
The advance in the rate of discount was caused by
a lack of gold. Last year at this time the bank's re
serve stood at £25,000,000, or $1,250,000,000 in
American money. At that time England was calling
in money from Germany and paying America for her
wheat, cotton and other produce largely in-. securities.
But this year the tables are turned: England now has
no balances in Germany, and as she returned the
major part of our securities last spring this mode of
payment is no longer open to any marked extent.
Add to this heavy reductions of the reserves of the
New York banks of from £9,000.000 to £1,000,000, the
impending call of the Japanese for their gold loan,
the continued outflow of cash into the South, the
French competition for gold in the London market,
the prospect of heavy payments to the United States
for grain and cotton as soon as the crops begin to
move, and the inability of the bank to obtain gold
abroad except to meet interior requirements, and it
will be seen that the "old lady" will have to do
something to induce the American banks to keep
gold on her side of the ocean, or else pay the Ameri
cans for their produce in that gold which she finds
so short at the moment. Hertte-the advance in the
rate of discount, which, it is hoped, will keep the
gold in England. The- outto'ok at present is that
there will be* few gold exports from the United
States to England in the near future, though, .of
course, some unforeseen condition may arise to
change the present complication.
The gist of all this is that at the moment we arc
England's creditor. We are going to ship her large
quantities of farm produce which she must have, and
for which she must pay in some form or other. She
cannot do this by selling us back our stocks, for she j
sent most of them back some time ago. Ergo, it is a
case of gold coin. As a gross proposition this is im
mensely in our favor, but the net proposition shows
a different aspect, and that is, owing to the intricate
intimacy of the two countries' in commerce and
finance, what affects one is bound to affect the other.
In other words, while we might profit temporarily
by a commercial mishap to England, it would re
bound against us later on. As this condition is fully
recognized on both sides, of the water, it forces New
York to adapt her financial condition to those of
London as far as is consistent with our own pros
perity. The cord that unites these commerical
Siamese twins must be kept intact. But we have an i
astute set of financiers in New York, and they will
probably manage the- thing somehow so that the
United States will be able to pay a dividend or two
out of the transaction. They generally do. ' At any
rate, this country is the arbiter at the moment. "
The condition is but another proof of the im
mense prominence of the United States in the com
merce of the world. We are becoming- a large
creditor nation, and must be considered in all inter
national affairs. It is this fact which has caused the
advance in the rate of discount of the Bank of Eng
land. • •
Another interesting fact in trade last week; was the
increase in bank clearings c?f 60.9 per cent over the
same week last year. Of eighty-two cities and towns
reporting clearings' "only four— Milwaukee, Spring
field, Mass., Buffalo and Chattanooga reported a
decrease. This shows a general wave of prosperity
throughout the country.
.Neither. mud nor hill has been able to stop the
Call-Herald automobile.
LET US KNOW THE TRUTH-
* I pZ^X-SENATOR EDMUNDS in his. article on
= j the Philippine situation says that secrecy is un
-1 — 'becoming in the officers oori r a republic and that
" suppression of the truth and misrepresentation of
facts are still less tolerable. Speaking for our most
; honorable history and traditions and for the people
who desire to preserve them both untarnished, ie
says, "Let us know the truth."
We have already protested against. a censorship of
the news and a violation of the mails which keep
j the truth away from the people, who are paying
l $800,000 a day and giving the live? of their sons in a
j war that Congress never declared but which is prov
» ] ing the second of all our wars in cost.
1 An officer in the Oregon Regiment, who like many
1 j others waits for muster out to give the authority of
' his name to his statements, says: "The Filipinos got
1 from Dewey the impression that he came to give
j them their freedom. Next came General Anderson,
who treated Aguinaldo as the head of a republican
government and gave the impression that he had but
one object there, to drive out the Spaniards and re
j tire. Then came Merritt, who treated Aguinaldo as
j a brigand. Then came Otis, who gave the Filipinos
1 every latitude. In Manila were 1500 trained Filipino
j soldiers, who begged to be allowed to join our army,
j but Otis drove them to the enemy. Otis is a great
! office man. When it comes to saving ip cents he is
1 a great general. He devotes most of his time to
! finding out whether some clerk is entitled to rations
ior not. It will take a hundred thousand men to con
-1 quer Aguinaldo. The sick and wounded can never
be expected to recover in that climate. Facts do not
warrant the rosy reports sent home. These islands
will cost a great many millions and ten thousand
I lives. The hospital facilities should be increased at
i once."
There could hardly be drawn a stronger picture of
i a disgraceful situation. After the treaty of Singapore,
I made by Consul Pratt and ratified at Hongkong by
. Dewey and Wildman, there is no doubt but the Fili
j pinos were treated as a national entity and given to
understand that they were our allies. The conduct
j of Dewey and Anderson confirms this view.
In October, 1898, Paymaster Wilcox and Cadet
I Sargent, on behalf of Admiral Dewey, made a tour of
j the island of Luzon and their observations were offi
-1 j cially reported. They found the people friendly and
I very happy in their independence, oblivious to things
" j in the outside world, but alive to the expulsion cf the
I Spaniards from Manila, the declaration of the' Phili
p■ I pine republic and the Presidency of Aguinaldo. The
j report is full of praise of the intelligence and kindness
jof the people. At the town of Aparri the news had
' j come by steamer from Hongkong that our repre- j
1 sentatives at Paris favored the independence of the J
islands with an American protectorate. Colonel I
. ' Tivona thereupon surrendered his military command
Ito a civil officer. The latter made a speech in which j
' j he thanked the disciplined troops and their colonel [
'. I for services to the province and republic, and assured
j them that their services would be perpetuated and
J that every man, woman and child stood ready to
! take up arms and defend their newly won liberty and
resist to the last drop of blood the attempt of any
j nation whatever to reduce them again to dependence. |
He then placed his hand on an open Bible and took |
; the oath of office. If all these things had been known
j to our people, and if the facts of the undeclared war
i which is still on had been frankly given out, an im- ,
I perial sentiment would never have crystallized.
There is every evidence that the sentiment of the
' volunteers has been mendaciously misrepresented.
! One of the privates in the Oregon regiment says:
"You see, we didn't volunteer to fight these Filipinos. ,
We went out to fight the Spaniards, and when the '
I Spanish war was over we thought our trip was up '.
; and we had a right to come home. The other volun
teers-down there are of the same mind. I don't think
'■ a single volunteer company in the Philippines would
i stay an hour if they could get home, and most of the I
I regulars feel about the same way." \
Let the people have the truth. It will be more to
j the credit of the administration to tell it now than |
I to continue censorship and violation of the mails and I
let the returning volunteers shock the country into a j
political reaction. Anything being done officially by
an administration that is kept from the people is
something it has no right to do.
THE COMING AUTOMOBILE.
A BAD start makes a good ending," says the
proverb, and if there be truth in it The Call-
Herald automobile will come into California
with colors flying, make a record run across the
State and arrive at The Call office in triumphant
demonstration that long-distance journeying over
American roads by the new vehicle is feasible.
Proverbs are not to be relied upon in all cases.
There is always, however, some foundation for them
in the common experience of men, for .otherwise
they would never find sufficient acceptance to be
come proverbs. The bad .start of the automobile,
! for example, will have a tendency to bring about a
good ending by the very fact that it puts the mechan
ism to a severe test, reveals its weak places and
shows exactly where alteration and strengthening are
needed. With every breakdown a way is provided
for improving the machine, and by the time it crosses
the Missouri the automobile ought to be in good
shape to make the rest of the journey without a seri
ous derangement of any part of its machinery.
The record of Saturday's run shows the various
difficulties which the machine has to contend against
in making a long journey and taking the t roads is
they come. Considerable speed had been made along
a good road and everything was seemingly all right,
when a portion of the road that appeared solid and
strong gave way and ran the machine into a ditch,
very nearly upsetting it. The jar of the shock
snapped a brass casting that controls the valve on the
tear cylinder. The break was repaired with solder
and a new start was made, but as soon as speed was
developed friction melted the solder and a new delay
occurred.. . .
In the journey of the day some of the roads were
good and some were execrable. There were long hills
to climb and all kinds of roadbed to be traversed.
Despite the obstacles, however, and the accidents, a
single one of which caused a delay of three hours, the
record of the day showed a run of fifty-seven miles
upon a consumption of five gallons of gasoline. So
far as speed and the extent of mileage covered are
concerned the record is not one to boast of, but it
shows that the machine can climb hills and make
headway over all kinds of American country roads.
With the weak parts of the machine strengthened,
and with a freer motion in all its parts resulting from
their use, there are ample reasons for expecting the
record of the journey to improve as the automobile
comes West. ; ''-■/'.'
One feature of the run is worth noting. A long
'stretch of thickly settled country has now been trav
ersed and yet hardly runaways have been caused
by the appearance of the machine along the roads.
In the run from Poughkeepsie to Hudson on Satur
day not a single accident of any kind was reported. It
i appears then that the danger of frightening horses by
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, JULY IT, 1599.
the machine is not so great as was feared. Of course
there will be many accidents caused in that way when
the machine comes into general use, for some horses
will shy at anything that is unusual, but there will be
nothing like the wholesale stampede of panic-stricken
horses along the highways that some people fear.
CHANGES IN RURAL ENGLAND.
| — ;VER since the repeal of the corn laws and the
EVER since the repeal of free trade laws and dis
adoption of a policy of free trade the rural dis
tricts of England have been declining in rela
tive value to the urban districts. The changes were
slow at first, but with the increasing facilities for the
importation of farm products from abroad they fol
lowed one another more rapidly, until now the situa
tion is so different from that which prevailed in for
mer times as to amount to something like a revolu
tion in the social structure of the kingdom.
The landlords were ; formerly an aristocracy of
wealth and power. Their large landed estates rented
to tenant farmers brought them in vast revenues "and
enabled them to maintain, in addition to their, man
sions in London, those stately country seats sur
rounded by spacious parks which have been the ad
miration of every traveler, and have made English
country life something like an ideal earthly existence.
As the competition of American farmers increased
the incomes from British farms diminished, the de
mand for them fell off, and the revenues of the land
lords decreased. A considerable number of the great
estates have been broken up and sold. In other cases
the owners of castles have had to close them, be
cause of a lack of money to maintain them. So ex
tensive have been the losses of the lords in this way
that a recent writer on the subject estimates that
about three out of every four members of the nobility,
whose wealth consists chiefly of agricultural land, are
in such financial straits they can hardly maintain their
town houses, much less keep up their big establish
ments in the country.
It is stated that the number of agricultural labor;
ers in the rural districts of England has decreased
as much as 12 per cent during the last twenty years,
although the population of England and Wales as a
whole during that time has increased by more than
6,000,000. In a considerable number of rural villages
the population is less at present than it was during
the middle ages. The inhabitants of rural England
are moving in a mass to the cities or are emigrating,
by reason of a lack of profitable employment on the
farms.
Such is one of the results of free trade. A great
industry, the most essential to a nation's welfare, has
been virtually destroyed by a policy designed to aid
the manufacturers, and now the United States and
Germany are beating manufacturers in their own
markets.' Cobdenism, in fact, seems about as dis
astrous to Great Britain as could be any policy de
vised for the express purpose of wasting her wealth,
breaking down her industry and destroying her em
pire.
•
A SENSELESS REPORT.
A REPORT from Boston announces that there
is being organized in that city an "uprising of
the colored race against the administration at
Washington." The object of the organization is said
i to be the defeat of imperialism and a maintenance of
the rights of the Filipinos, and it is added that while
the plan of the movement is a revolt of colored voters
! from the Republican party at the ballot box, "there
are those among its supporters who would willingly
take part in an armed uprising, and who, were it
possible, would offer their strength to aid the Fili
pinos in their struggle for independence."
A report of that kind is about as senseless a lie as
the jingoes have yet concocted in their efforts to
discredit the conservatives who are upholding
! American republicanism against the jingo craze for
adopting an imitation of British imperialism. That 3
number of colored men in Boston have organized for
the purpose of opposing imperialism may be, and
very likely is, true. That they may, aim to organize
allied associations among colored men throughout
the country may also.be true. But that any con
siderable number of representative colored men arc
: organizing to fight the administration or to aid the
Filipinos by an armed uprising is altogether mi
i credible. It has not even an appearance of truth. It
| is a lie that stalks forth boldly in the garb of a lie.
Considerable efforts have been made to misrepre
-1 sent the attitude of the administration toward the
Philippines. Jingoes have sought to make the Presi
' dent appear as one of themselves. Bryahites seeking
'. to array the masses against the administration have
denounced him as if he were a jingo. Thus when the
, colored men organize to protest against jingoism
i they are at once described as instigators of revolt
against the President and are accused of a willingness
i to break out into open and armed insurrection.
What comes next? The jingoes are resourceful'
; liars, but can they ever excell what they have now ac
complished in that direction? The picture of plotting
j negroes organizing for an armed uprising in the
I United States for the purpose of aiding the Filipinos
j is really about as senseless a thing ss could be con
! ceived even by the imagination of a lunatic.
r^^ mmm^^ m^^^^^^^ mm
It would appear from the cablegrams that Sir
Thomas Lipton, yachtsman, is a very good fellow
with the money that Sir .. Thomas Lipton, grocer,
steals from the public. At any rate, fourteen tons of
jam he had put up for sale were condemned a few
j days ago because the stuff was unfit to eat. • •
a
An ambitious captain of the National Guard of New
'■ York has promised to recruit England's military
foi ces with America's sons. The "elder cousin" bun
combe seems to have reached the bombastic stage.
There ought to be a niche somewhere in the Philip
pines for the New York captain.
A new wonder has been added to the American
museum of colonial freaks. Uncle Sam has the Sul
tan of the Sulu Islands under salary, which is another
i way of, saying that the United States is paying his
I Majesty to behave himself.
The discovery of a long-lost deed for a roadway to
: the Almshouse through the Sutro tract will probably
lead to the opening of a new avenue to that institu
i tion. As if one road to the poorhouse wasn't enough.
Agricultural Commissioner Pryal reports conditions
in Alameda County that seem to foreshadow the de
' struction of this year's corn crop. Chiropodists will
prepare to go out of business. '
. — —
In a grand fiesta de toros at Roubaix, France, it is
1 proposed to match a lion against a bull. To be thor
oughly up to date, they should substitute a boar for
the bull. . b
"■ ■■■♦ .'
-So great are the crowds at present in London that
American chorus girls are unable to find hotels in
, which to lay their heads. Send them home, the pretty
I dears.
A dispatch from Salt Lake announces that "Cannon
■ is charged with polygamy." The use of this sort of
ammunition is certainly in violation of the articles of
| Geneva. ■• .•
IN THE OIL, GOLD
AND COPPER FIELDS
The steady Increase in oil production in
Southern California, the rapid increase
of the men and money the industry is en
gaging and the big San Joaquin Valley
oil boom will make of especial interest
the report on a large oil-producing re
gion in Southern California which is be
ing prepared for publication by Field As
sistant W. L. Watts of the State Mining
Bureau. i . -'yy?
The report, which will be published as
a bulletin, will embrace the results of
two years' labor .by Mr. Watts in Los
Angeles and parts of San Diego, Ventura
and Orange counties. It will describe the
geological, formations yielding oil, their
relation to other rocks and the structural
conditions unuer which oil is found and
will give statistical Information as to the
production iof the . different fields and
wells during 1897 and .1898. The report
will not touch on Santa Barbara County.
Regarding the condition of the indus
try down there Mr. Watts said in a gen
eral talk: "There is much more pros
pecting and development going on than
ever before and the industry 1 will con
tinue to steadily grow. In the Los An
geles field there are two strata of oil
earing sand. The wells reaching only To
the first stratum are about played out,
while the deeper ones are still producing.
The development of the eastern exten
sion of the field in 1898 made up for the
falling off in the old ground. There is
much prospecting in the Buente Hills,
where four or more new companies have
developed paying wells. The Buente,
Santa Fe, Central, Home, Rex and Co
lumbia companies are operating there.
The Santa Fe Railroad Company pro
duced, about 60,000 barrels frcm its wells
seven miles from Fullerston last year,
and it is producing at a greater rate
now. All its oil is used for fuel in its
engines. As is well known by far the
greater part of the oil produced ls con
sumed as fuel in its crude state, though
the production of lubricating oils and the
many by-jjroducts at the refineries is
quite extensive. A very small amount of
illuminating, oil is made by refining and
this is controlled by the Standard Oil
Company, which probably mixes it with
its Eastern oils,
"New fields will be developed in the fu
ture all along the coast range. The
places already discovered at which the
geological structure is such as to allow
the accumulation of oil in valuable quan
tities undoubtedly have their counterparts
elsewhere at points yet unknown, and as
an Immensely greater number of people
are taking an Interest in oil it is becom
ing a leading feature of the mining in
terests of the State. The rise in the price
of Iron has not seriously retarded devel
opment and will not do so. Beople kick
at the Increased cost of wells, but if a
man wants to put down a well he will
do so when he gets through kicking.
The chief value of the patient geological
work that Mr. Watts and a few others are
doing lies in the fact thaf it serves as a
guide to Intelligent -prospecting and de
velopment in new places. A large number
of wells are always being put down by
"practical", oil men, who take charge of
operations for some company such as
those being formed so numerously in the
San Joaquin Valley, with little regard to
the study of the geological conditions, and
with much scorn of "geological experts."
But a geological expert in oil-bearing
formations can. often tell a driller that a
paying yield is impossible where he pro
poses to drill near an oil spring, and that
there are chances of success at points far
away where there are no signs of oil.
Not long ago a well nearly 2000 feet deep
was sunk in a near by county close to oil
indications, but it was on the wrong side
of the inclined oil-bearing formation, and
the deeper it went the further from oil
sand it got. Regarding the Importance of
scientific information in prospecting for
oil, Mr. Watts said:
"In California the structural conditions
affecting the lines along which paying
wells can be obtained are much more
complex than in the Eastern oil fields.
Hence it requires more geological knowl
edge to direct prospecting and the open
ing of new fields. Those who contemplate
investing in oil propositions should ac
quaint themselves with the facts con
cerning the occurrence of petroleum, so
that they may be able to form some esti
mate of the risks 'they are taking. Repo
sitions vary greatly In evident risk. There
is a lack of general knowledge as to what
constitutes a bona fide oil proposition, but
people are paying more attention now to
geological features and to technical meth
ods. I don't believe in luck. If a man is
going to put down a prospect well the
more he knows about the geological condi
tions the less the chances he takes. The
man who works out the geological facts
pertaining to territory to be prospected
is not infallible, hut he can say that on
account of such-and-such geological con
ditions there is or is not a reasonable
probability of obtaining oil in paying
quantities within such-and-such lmits.
Nature's secrets may be guessed at, and
the guess may be right; but the only re
liable method is to patiently work out the
problem. The only way to get a definite
knowledge of the facts pertaining to the
occurrence of petroleum ln California is
to systematically investigate the terri
tories in which there has been the most
development. These facts can then be ap
plied intelligently to territories yet unde
veloped." 'yf- '■ '■ "-•■''-"■■ .' . ,"•'_; ''^y_ ly
Mr. Watts ln his long study of the
Southern fields has several times pointed
out probabilities of success in untouched
fields One case was that of the eastern
extension of the Los Angeles field recently
developed successfully after his opinion
had been given. He pointed out the prob
ability of productive wells under the
ocean off the shore at Summerland,
where long wharves bear many oil der
ricks pumping oil from under the ocean.
But the man with the divining rod still
flourishes and Is busy all over the State
telling with his forked stick just where
to 'drill to get so many barrels of oil a
day. Mr. Watts runs ■ across him fre
quently In Southern California, where he
always claims the discovery of a new field
and he is helping capital to operate in the
San Joaquin Valley. Other wells are
driven near oil indications according to
the advice of an experienced "practical"
man, who sizes up the ground with con
scious wisdom. His drill may strike an
oil supply and will if the oil is there and
the drill goes deep enough, but expert
scientific opinions are as needful in oil
enterprises as in any part of the mining
field and should be sought when several
thousand dollars is to be gambled on a
hole in the ground.
Mr. Watt s report will be .the third by
him on the oil and gas yielding formations
of California. This, with an extensive
work on the genesis of California petro
leum by State Mineralogist Cooper, and
the scientific work being done in the San
Joaquin by Deputy J. H. Means,' will af
ford this year extensive additions to the
scientific literature of oil and asphalt in
this State.
There is a probability that the Califor
nia Miners' Association will. Interest
Itself in the injunction suits against the
Kate Hayes and Red Dog, hydraulic mines
brought by the Anti-Debris Association
through its manager and attorney,. Robert
T. Devlin. These suits are based- on the
contention that the dams which have been
built at these mines to restrain the debris
of the hydraulic operations, .which have
been licensed by the Federal engineers
composing the California Debris Commis
sion and by them regularly inspected and
approved, are not built so as to efficiently
and - permanently restrain the tailings,
and so the streams below are being dam
aged and threatened. The Caminettl
law-placed the control of hydraulic min
ing operations In the watersheds of the
navigable streams of this State wholly
within the power and discretion of these
Federal engineers-, whose judgment alone
regulates the material ■ and construction
of these private dams. They are sup
posed to be competent judges of what an
efficient dam is. but their competency in
this respect is now attacked.
The constitutionality of the Caminetti
law reposing final authority in the Fed
eral engineers is involved. It is asserted
that an appeal may be taken to the
courts, which may overrule the engineers.
The law Is assailed in its most vital part.
It is because the very existence of the
law is threatened that there is. a strong
sentiment among leading members of the
association In favor of taking up the flght.
Things are being rushed at the Melones
mine, In Calaveras. County, where the big
gest and finest stamp mill In California
-125 stamps— is being erected by the new
company under the direction of Manager
W. 'C. Ralston and Superintendent T. B.
Deleray. Extensive buildings and costly
tunnel and other development operations
are ln preparation, and in less than a year
th« ble-crest mill and the most notable low
grade quartz mine in the State will be in
operation. About $600,000 is being invested
in this long idle property, chiefly by East
ern capitalists, (whose co-operation was se
cured not long! ago by Mr. Ralston. This
is a typical example of what the rational
investment of capital in large mining en
terprises means to the prosperity of the
State. One result of this particular Inflow
of capital has been a boom for the little
town of Robinsons Ferry. This is what,
one new mine is doing for one nncrw r town,
acording to the Mountain Echo, published
at Angels Camp:
"We visited the thriving and rapidly
growing town of Robinsons Ferry last
Friday, and were agreeably surprised to
note the wonderful changes for good that
have been wrought there within the past
year. Over forty new buildings outside of
the mining company's structures
have been erected, and there are now
fully ten new buildings in course of con
struction. Several very fine cottages have
been built and also several large business
houses. Tents dot the hills and slopes
here and there, most of the occupants
waiting for material with which to con
struct houses. Business seems to be
thriving in all branches, and there are
fully 400 laboring men in the place, many
at work and many waiting for orders to
begin work." ■ _
The benefits flowing from the develop
ment of the old Melones mine are not con
fined to Robinsons Ferry. The money in
vested and the constant stream of it to
go forth in expenses of operation through
the years will reach in some degree thou
sands of people and many interests, and
the successful working of such a great
body of low-grade ore will be a powerful
stimulus to other similar mining enter
prises in the State in the future.
The Bully Hill group of four copper
cialms near Copper City, In Shasta Coun
ty, have not yet been sold to Millionaire
Delamar for $350,000, as reported a day or
two ago. The owner, James M. Sallee of
San Francisco, returned here on Satur
day with Captain Delamar's representa
tive, Mr. Hartwig. but the deal has not
been closed, though it likely will be. This
is the most important mining deal pend
ing in the State just now and if effected
will be one of the most important of re
cent years. It would mean copper mining
operations and the erection of a smelter,
on something like the scale of the Moun
tain Copper Company at Iron Mountain
and Keswick, and it would mean the de
velopment of a large and rich copper belt
and further enterprises. A year ago the
property, on which considerable develop
ment work has been done, was bonded for
$275,000 to L A. Scowden and others, who
failed to float the proposition in the East
and in London before the bond expired
on July 1. Mr. Sallee raised his price
$75,000, but Captain Delamar is figuring on
the proposition while Redding hopes and
prays.
The projected Southern California Min
ers' Association, to be a rival to the re
cently organized Southern California
branch of the California Miners' Associa
tion, was organized in Los Angeles the
otfier evening, chiefly by Los Angeles
mining-machinery and other business
men interested in the mining Industry.
The following officers were elected: C. B.
Boothe, president; C. A. Burcham, nrst
vice president; C. S. McKelvey, second
vice president; Major G. S. Nolan, secre
tary; H. O. Collins, treasurer. Executive
committee— George W. Parsons, A. Rich
ardson, Gail Borden, H. H. Botsford. The
four gentlemen elected on the executive
committee, together with the president
and two vice presidents, constitute the ex
ecutive committee of seven.
There is a strong movement among
leading mining and business men of Red
dnig and of Shasta County generally in
favor of organizing a county miners' as
sociation, to be affiliated with the Califor
nia Miners' Association.
The Umatilla drift mine, in El Dorado
County, is reducing its cemented gravel in
a revolving, perforated hexagonal cylin
der at the rate of 225 tons per twenty
four hours. 7 ... '.
The Hidden Treasure mine has declared
a dividend of 10 cents a share on 36,000
shares. y'.Zy-.
William Belderrfan, better known as
"Poker Bill," and his son, "Young Po- !
ker," have discovered an unusually rich j
quartz lead on the north bank of the Mo
kelumne River,' nearly opposite the Lone f
Star mine, says the Amador Ledger. The '
three Cranmer brothers, who recently 1
came here from Cripple Creek, Col., and
who have bonded the Sherfield mine and j
its 1500-foot extension, will have a half- j
interest in this mine.
There has been encountered in the
Gwln mine a ledge at the lowest depth of
the shaft which gives promise of putting
that mine in the list of high-grade gold ,
producers. The ledge where encountered
is two feet thick and assays $30 per ton.— !
Amador Ledger. J. O. DENNY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
j ■ E. S. Valentine, an insurance man of j
Fresno, is at the Lick.
Bank Commissioner John Markley of
Geyservllle is at the Lick.
' Dr. and Mrs. C. G. Campbell of New
York are registered at the Palace.
Dr. Edward G. Parker, TJ. S. N., is at
the Occidental. He arrived yesterday.
H. W. Sawyer, a prominent resident of j
Olympia, Wash., ls staying at the Grand. |
+<$> — <£>-♦• The attendants !
t numniccr t' of ' the Receiving j
HANDCUFFi Hospital had
AM _ their curiosity '
AINU » excited yesterday j
STRA iT" JACKETS mysterious the;
_. IKAII 'JACKfcli mysterious ac
*, £* tions of a strange I
yy, young man who j
for over an hour paced to and fro in front j
of the hospital windows. Every now and j
then he would stop and scan the windows !
in an anxious manner, and again resume !
his nervous pitter-pat on the concrete I
driveway. He was Anally seen to brace |
himself up as if for some supreme effort, |
and with rapid strides walk toward the ;
entrance to the Insane ward. He rang tne
bell, which was answered by .an attend
ant. "I am going to make a somewhat j
peculiar request," he said; "but I want
you to do me the favor I ask and I will j
explain my reasons later."' fyrfff
. "Come inside and tell ..me . what you
want," said the atttndant. The stranger
walked In, and when the door had been
closed he turned to his host. "- .'■■ ";'v
'f "I want to see the best strait-jacket
you have in the place."
The Jacket was produced and carefully
examined by the visitor. • •
"Now, Mr. Attendant, I am going to ask
you to place this Jacket on me. -Put it on I
and lace it up as you would If I were a j
violently insane patient. Lace it tight
and knot your strings in the most secure I
manner you know of." - . > -yy.
. The attendant, who was not busy and '
just in the mood for some diversion to re- I
lieve the monotony of wailing for some
body to go crazy,' complied with his visit
or's request, and jin a few minutes the I
voluntary inmate of the Insane ward was '
securely bound in the appliance. which is j
only, used in very extreme cases.
"That's good," said the visitor, survey- j
ing himself. "Now may I trouble you to
show me to a* room where I can be alone
for a few minutes." . ;"■'..
* The attendant thought he had a good
subject for confinement, ; but • kept ' his
thoughts to himself and showed his mys- i
terious visitor to a cell. He then closed i
the door, which he left unlocked. About
ten minutes later a violent knocking was ;
heard. The attendant rushed to the cell
where he had left his visitor. fyf
"You might open the door now," said !
the individual.
The attendant opened the door and, to
his consternation, there stood the mys
terious young man wltli the strait
jacket carefully folded over his arm.
, "It. was a hard one, but I did it. I
promised to explain why I put you to a*,
this trouble. I want to thank you for
your courtesy, and would like to know
your name. Mine's 'Harry' I Houdinl.
They call me king of handcuffs,. but I ;
think I can put it all over strait-jackets
as well."
Mr. and Mrs. John Barrett of Portland
were among yesterday's arrivals at the
Occidental. -fyf;f' : y ■■ -
Walter S. Martin has come up from
San Mateo and is registered at the Palace.
C. B. Jack, one of the leading mer
chants of Salt Lake City, arrived at the
Lick yesterday.
J. E. 08. Wilson of London, a young
Englishman traveling for pleasure, is at
the Occidental.
At the Grand yesterday a large delega
tion arrived from the school teachers'
convention. It came from Los Angeles.
NEWS OF FOBEIGN NAVIES.
The Japanese battleship building at
Vlckers, at Barrows, has been named Mi
kasa. and the armored cruiser building, at
Elswick the Iwaka.
The naval policy of Japan, according to
the London Engineer, is crystallized un
der flve heads: Firstly, battleships very
powerful; second, ships very swift and
suitable for most purposes; third, second
class cruisers for commerce duties;
fourth, third-class cruisers for scouting,
etc.; fifth, destroyers.
A dock basin is being built at Ham
burg which will cost $5,150,000. This, with
the floating dock recently completed, gives
the German navy practically an addition
al fitting out and repair station. The float
ing dock is 558 feet in length, 84 feet wide
and will take in a vessel drawing 29 feet.
In the event of war this dock can be
towed to Cuxhaven, at the mouth of the
Elbe, and war vessels can then be docked
and overhauled there. instead of going to
either Wllhelmshafen or Kiel for that
purpose.
The Foudre, torpedo transport ship in
the French navy, built in 1595, is being
converted into a seagoing training ship,
not having proved a success for the pur
pose originally intended. The vessel was
built to follow the British plan of having
a torpedo depot ship for the storage and
repairs of torpedoes to accompany a fleet
and distribute these missiles as required.
Her speed, however, fell short, and on
account of her narrow beam the ship did
not have the steadiness necessary for a
vessel of that class. Her prototype in
the British navy, the Vulcan, of 6620 tons,
built in 1889 at a cost of $1,852,235, has a
speed of 20 knots, whereas the Foudre, of
only 6090 tons, cost $2,038,560, and steama
about 19 knots. '
The Bulwark, battleship of 15,000 tons,
building at Devonport dockyard, was be
gun March 20 last, and up to June 20 3100
tons of material had been worked Into the
hull. This beats the best record of ship
building in any British | dockyard, and
Devonport holds the credit for fast and
economical work. As an offset to this
phenomenally quick work, the case of the
Gladiator'; a cruiser of 5800 tons, built at
the Portsmouth dockyard, is to be noted.
This ship was laid down in January, 1896,
and was not completed for passing into
the flrst reserve until June 20 last, thus
taking about three years and six months
in its construction, or nearly twice as long
as the building of the battleship Majestic,
of 14,900 tons, also built at the Portsmouth
dockyard in 1895.
The Japanese torpedo boat destroyer
Akebone, built by Yarrow, appears to be
the fastest of the six boats built by that
firm, and is reported to have made thirty
one knots. The vessel is 220 feet In length.
20*4 feet beam and 360 tons displacement.
The hull is of galvanized steel with a
small proportion of nickel, and has a ten
sile strength of forty tons to the square
inch. This material is very expensive and
has been used in only this Instance. The
Akebone's twin screw engines are triple
expansion, with four cylinders to each of
20Va, 31% and two of 34 inches diameter,
and a stroke of 18 inches. Steam is gen
erated in four "straight tube" Yarrow
boilers carrying 230 pounds. Each boiler
weighs eighteen tons with its water, and
will give 1600 horse power, or 6400 collect
ively. The vessel will stow 100 tons of
coal, and the armament, besides two
eighteen-inch torpedo tubes, consists of
one twelve-pounder and flve six-pounder
rapid firing guns. Her complement is
fifty-six officers and crew.
Mr. Lanesan, who succeeds Mr. Lockroy
as Minister of Marine in France, was
born in 1843 and was a surgeon in the navy
until IS7O, when he resigned and followed
his profession in private life. He eventu
ally drifted Into politics and has been
elected a Deputy several times. Mr.
Lockroy served in the last Cabinet less
than one year, but had been Minister of
Marine for a brief period in 1895-96. Tho
frequent changes in the French Ministry
of late years have been greatly detri
mental to the navy. Mr. Lanesan is tho
sixth change in the head of the naval ad
ministration since 1890, the successive
Ministers being: March, 1890, Admiral
Barbey succeeded by Admiral Lefevre in
December, 1893, until October, 1895, when
Mr. Lockroy came In and remained until
May, 1896, when Admiral Besnard took
oflice and was again supplanted by Mr.
Lockroy ln October, 1898, who held the
office about eight months. Each one of
these Ministers has had his hobby,
one believing entirely in large armored
ships, another in cruisers and armored
vessels of moderate size, and lastly Mr.
Lockroy, who pinned his faith on sub
marine boats. Various and radical reform
atory measures were introduced by each
Minister regarding the personnel and the
education of officers and no time wa*
given to prove the value or defects of such
measures before a new Minister took of
fice. As a natural result the navy has
always been in an unsettled condition and
Its expenditures have been heavy with
out rendering satisfactory results.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
HOMING PIGEONS— W. R. San Rafael.
The secretary of the California Pigeon
and Homing Society is H. G. HlmmeU
right of 1208 Powhattan avenue, San Fran
cisco. «
PAWNBROKERS' CHARGES — Sub
scriber, City. The Penal Code of this
State provides that if a pawnbroker
charges more than 2 per cent for a loan
on an article taken in as a pledge he is
liable to prosecution for misdemeanor.
"ACTIVE SERVICE."
In next Sunday's Call there will
begin Stephen Crane's latest and
most thrilling serial story. This
novelette has been secured exclu
sively for the readers of The Sun
day Call, and it is anticipated that
its appearance will be a matter of
more than passing interest, for "Ac
tive Service" is one of Mr. Crane's
strongest stories. It is a love ro
mance dealing with typical men and
women of to-day.
• : » ♦ « — ,
Trunks, valises, traveling rolls, purses
Best goods, best values at Sanborn &
\ails. «
■ m «
Important! Genuine eyeglasses, specs
10 to 40c. Look out for No; 73 4th st •
■ • * — *
Cal.glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'*.*
• T ■
Special Information : supplied dally fto
business houses and public men hv *>.__
Press Clipping Burea^rAllen^^lOMo^t!
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042 •
: — « ♦ . ,
It is said that not less than $20,000,000
is spent at Atlantic City in the course
of a single year. c
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Svran"
Ha. been used for fifty years by ' millions of
mother, for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic regu
late, the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggist. In eve£
part of the world. Be sure and a.,k for Mr.
Window's Soothing Syrup, 23c a bottle
■ ' ' » » ■ ■- , - "
HOTEL DEL CORONADO-Take advantage
of the round trip tickets. Now only »S by
steamship, including fifteen Zy.-boa* at
hotel; longer stay. »2 RO per day Apply at 1
New Montgomery .treet. San Franci.co!QUARANTINE IS
PROPOSED FOR
PLAGUE SHIPS
Angel Island Plant
Enlarged.
— * —
EXTRA PROVISIONS SUPPLIED
— ♦ —
AMERICA MARTT AND PEKING
HELD IN JAPAN.
•— —
Narrow Escape of the American Bark
Carrollton From Going on Dux
bury Reef in a Fog.
Notes.
♦
Tha Federal authorities are preparing
for the arrival of steamers from China.
The America Maru. now hourly ex
pected, and the City of Peking:, due here
on the 21st, have been ln quarantine at
Nagasaki on account of the bubonic
plague, so everything- is being got in
reailiness for them should it be necessary
to place the ships ln quarantine on their |
arrival. The Gaelic will also be due on
the Ith inst., but so far she has not been j
quarantined.
In any event the quarantine station at •
Angel Island is ready for all three ves
sels should they come in flying the yellow
flag. Yesterday an extra boiler and tank
for fumigating purposes and a large sup
ply of provisions were sent over to the j
station. Temporary houses have been
erected and should the cabin passengers
be detained they -will have better sleep
ing quarters than did those on the Nippon ;
Maru.
By applying at the Harbor Police Sta
tion some lady can get her purse which
Fhe left on the telephone box at the Tibu
ron ferry yesterday. It is a morocco
leather affair mounted with silver and j
contains a ticket to Alameda, a small
sum in silver, a penknife, . some gold i
safety pins and the visiting cards of
tibout twenty gentlemen all strung on a
piece of yellow ribbon. Some of the cards
bear telephone numbers and some have
addresses only. Nearly all the gentle
mi live In Alameda. HPhH
M. Kalish, the popular agent of the
steamer Humboldt, is down from Seattle.
He says there is considerable travel be
tween Seattle and Skaguay and that tho
Humboldt is doing her share of business.
Mr. Kalish will start for Seattle to-mor
row.
The bark Carrollton from Newcastle,
N. S. "W., with coal, had a narrow es
cape from going on Duxbury Reef in the
fog early yesterday morning. She was
coming in from Australia and Captain
Jones was feeling his way along with
the lead when the fog signals on the reef
gave, him warning. It was so thick that !
he did not know which way to turn, so
he anchored his vessel. When the fog
lifted a little the wind had died down and
the Carrollton could not get away from ;
the reef, owing to the close quarters. The ;
steamer Pomona from Eureka was pass
ing, so Captain Jones signaled her and
when she came alongside he asked Cap
tain Parsons to send him a tug. Soon j
after the Pomona docked Captain Par
sons sent out the tug Sea Queen and she
brought the Carrollton in.
The following graduates of McNevin
Bros.' Navigation School have been :
grant-] United States licenses as masters
nd mates:
Pier Peterson, master Falling: shins United
States; J. C. Ljunggren, master sailing ship?
United States; P. O. Xllson. master sailing
ships United States; F. P. Anderson, master
failing ships United States; L. J. J. Schage,
master sailing ships, also steam _500 tons, also !
pilot San Francisco to lea and return; P. P.
Rassmussen, master sailing ships: J. Branr.ar.
master Bailing ships; H. R. Frederksan, master
sailing ships.
George Nelson, chief mate any ocean 3000
--ton steamer; Pier Peterson, chief mate any
ocean 77,i>-ton steamer; Albert Arms' m. chief
mate any ocean sailing ship; Edward Anderson,
chief mate any ocean sailing ship; P. A. Berg,
chief mate any ocean sailing ship.
T. Sands, second mate any ocean steamer, '
unlimited; Albert Aronson, second mate any
ocean steamer, unlimited; Richard Farley, sec
ond mate any ocean steamer, unlimited; D. B.
Hutchings. second mate any ocean steamer,
unlimited; Joseph Madden, second mate any
ocean steamer, unlimited: J. I>ahl, second mate
any ocean steamer, unlimited.
W. B. Edwards, pilot Yukon River, also mas
ter river steamer; Frank Marshall, San Fran
cisco Bay and tributaries.
The tug Maggie arrived from Alsea
River yesterday with the barge Dewey in
tow. The Dewey was built to go into shal
low places where a sailing vessel could
not reach. She brought down 400 cords !
of match wood.
SERMONS ON THE
FALL OF THE BASTILE
The one hundred and tenth anniversary I
of the fall of the Bastile, which occurred !
July 14th, supplied the topic for two. very '
Interesting sermons last night.
Rev. E. R. Icelander at the First Eng- '
lish Lutheran Church addressed a large
audience. He said in part:
"The fall of the Bastile Impressed on
Fran*-*- forever a lesson in human rights.
The 14th of July was a great leveling day.
The echoes of the Declaration of Inde
pendence had gone across the sea. Over
in Scotland Robert Burns was singing o-'
the dignity of man.
"The outcome of this great popular up
heaval was ultimately to be an open Bi
ble. Th*- corollary of the French revolu
tion is the French public, in which tne
right of every man to search the Scrip
tures for himself is fully recognized. The
fall of th.- Bastile was an effective blow
for the enfranchisement of the individual
conscience."
At the First Congregational Church
Rev. I Jr. Adams spoke on the same topic.
He said:
"The fall of the Bastile is an event in
history which grows more and more sig
nificant as the years go by. One hundred
and ten years ago day before yesterday
a mob in- Paris, hungry, thirsting for ;
blood, demanded arms. Procuring mus- I
kets finally, they gathered at 1 o'clock in i
front of the Bastile. They wanted artil
lery, but the small garrison surrendered
on a promise of protection of an officer In
the mob. However, most of them were
struck down and killed. Such an episode
as this Is herd to understand without
study.
"That uprising and the events which fol
lowed have the sanction of the people to
day. It has been the making of the
French.
"Voltaire played a large part in the rev
olution. He fired the heart of the common
people of France. Carlyle gives us the
key to the meaning of the strange and
terrible scenes of the revolution when ne
says: 'Xo lie can permanently be.' "
LESSONS FROM A
ViSIT TO YOSEMITE
"Sermons In stones; or, lessons from a '
visit to the Yosemite," was the subject of •
Dr. Charles Edward Locke's discourse .
last evening at the Central Methodist .
Church. He said:
"Since I last stood ln this pulpit I have
enjoyed the exquisite privilege of ramb-. "
bug among the extraordinary glories of | '
the Yosemite Valley, and with your per- | .
mission I bring you to-night some impres- >
sions of that inspiring outing.
"To me the Yosemte Valley was a ma- •
jectlc cathedral of colossal architecture, i
I suppose that to the painter, with its j
blue skies and prismatic waterfalls and ■ "
lofty domes crowned with golden sunsets '■■.
the Yosemite Valley Is an exhaustlcss |.
artistic study: to the musician, the '
splashing of the waters, the murmuring
of the pines and the soughing of the winds
fill the valley with orchestral melodies
and Eollan harps; • to the sculptor- and '
architect these precipitous walls and ' .
beetling cliffs, these weird profiles and cl- |
emental foundations, rival the carving |
and building of man's genius; but to me, ; ■
a clergyman, all of these marvels shaped I
themselves Into a minster grand of ca- \
pacious proportion*-" |(
LAUNCHING THE MODERN SCHOONER, JAMES ROLPH.
THE James Rolph is the latest and handsomest addition to the sugar fleet. She sails to-day for
Port Blakeley to load lumber for San Pedro, making three trips, and will then go into the sugar trade,
for which she was built.
It is doubtful whether there will be vessels enough to handle next year's sugar crop. About a dozen
new boats have been launched and nearly the same number are under way, but as it is estimated that there
will be 400,000 tons of sugar to move they will not relieve the situation a great deal. The James Rolph will
do her best to help out matters, however. She is 169 feet 1 inch long, 37 feet 9 inches beam,
and 12 feet 8 inches draft. James Rolph Jr. of the firm of Hind, Rolph &Co. is the managing owner and the
vessel is named after his father. She was launched from Bendixsen's yards in Eureka and christened by
Miss Anna M. Reid. The James Rolph will be commanded by Captain F. A. Bedrick.
THE FEAST OF
OUR LADY OF
MOUNT CARMEL
Observed in Catholic
Churches.
— * —
APPROPRIATE SERVICES HELD
LARGE CONGREGATIONS HONOR
THE DAY.
•— —
Eloquent and Interesting Sermons
Are Delivered by the Clergy
on the Significance of
the Festival.
♦
Yesterday was the day of the feast of
Our Lady of Mount Carmel. The occa
sion was appropriately observed in all the
Catholic churches of the city. It was also
the anniversary of an Interesting- histor
ical event in the Catholic world. Just 130
years ago Father Junlpero Serra founded
the Mission -of Mount Carmel at Mon
terey, the first mission established In
Northern California.
At St. Ignatius Church Father Bell de
livered the morning' sermon. He took for
his text: "In me is the grace of the way
and of the truth; in me is all hope of life
and of virtue": Eccles. xxiv. He said in
part:
I apply my text to the Blessed Virgin, whom
the church calls the seat of wisdom. The
fathers and theologians all bear testimony
that in her is all grace; that although Christ
is the truth and the life, still he has consti
tuted the Blessed Virgin the dispenser of all
graces and, therefore, through her, come all
these \o men.
Since ln her 1? all grace of the way, then
it Is not surprising that since her glorious
triumph Into heaven there should be estab
lish. in the church so many devotions through
which men are led up to God. •
Among these devotions that of the Scapula
holds the highest place In its promises. It
secures for those who follow it a certain and
a happy eternity.
Father Fehran, who is here temporarily
from Canada, preached the evening ser
mon. . _
The forty hours devotion was opened
in old St. Mary's Church yesterday by
Father Younan, who preached in the
MISS MARY VAN BUREN
WILL GO INTO TRAINING
WHO of . the
\[\l many that
have had
their senses .
charmed during
the past four days
at the. California
Theater by the Ju
noesque beauty of
Mary Van Buren
of the Frawley
Company would
believe that within
her snowy breast
beats a heart
whose every pulsa
tion Is an echo of
sorrow? Who
could believe that
the same enchant-
Erery pulsa
in echo of
)Ileve that
B enchant
rso nallty
that has caused so
much eulogistic
comment is the
cause of all the
trouble? Jione.
Yet such is the
lamentable fact.
Mary Van Buren
weeps that she ls
as she is, and
hat's twenty
pounds too 'much.
"Would you be
eve it?" said the
actress, ' i weigh
one hundred and
sixty-five pounds.
Mr. Frawley tells
me I am too large
to be a young girl,
and I can neither
grow old in a min
ute nor come down
in weight. He says
I should not _ tip
he scales more
than one hundred and forty-five. Now I do weigh twenty pounds more than
that, but you would not think lt to 100k 1 at me, would you?"
Her visitor, emulating the example 'of his Royal Highness of Wales, side
stepped in. a gentleman and. said he would not.
"Marlon Mould," continued the tearful beauty, "is in as sore straits as
I am myself, but her trouble is at; the other end of it. She can't take, on
flesh, while I can't lose it. That's why I. worry myself nearly to death fear
ing the stage manager will have to make all the scenes with double doors
for my special benefit.
"Jim Jeffries, BO they tell me, when getting- in trim does away entirely
with water as a beverage. I am going to do the same thing. From this
hour on I will not touch another drop. I am going to get a bag and a set
of boxing gloves and"— with a smile of conscious power— "l'll soorj, be a
person whom the critics will not care to handle too roughly."
Miss Van Buren is a direct descendant of the President of that - name
on her mother's slue. . In private life her name is Mary Van Buren Haynes.
Her father was a captain in the regular army and a nephew of, General
infield Scott. - . .y-yf l
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALX, MONDAY, JULY 17. 1899.
morning on the subject of "Adoration."
He said in brief: .- X-
We adore Christ flrst of all, by faith. Take.
for Instance, the sublime confession of St.
Peter to the divinity of our Savior. Although
flesh and blood did not reveal the Godhead, yet
St. Peter, by the light received from the Father,
proclaimed the Savior, God and raan.7'.7>7
The advent, also, of the three wise men to
the rough cradle of the- King, bearing gold,
frankincense and myrrh, prostrating them
; selves before the Infant King, taught us the
lesson of adoration— the faith that will lead
j Us, the ugh we cannot understand.
Father Caraher delivered an Interesting
' sermon yesterday morning to a large con
gregation at the Church of St. Francis.
He spoke of "Mount Carmel and its asso-
I ciations." He said in part:
The Catholic churches throughout the worK
; honor the Blessed Virgin to-day under the
; singular title of "Our Lady of Mount Carmel."
She received this title because she was pre
i figured by that small cloud resembling a man's
, foot, which the prophet Ellas beheld from
Mount Carmel arising out of the Mediterranean
Sea, and because she was venerated from the
very earliest ages of Christianity by hermits,
Who dwelt in caves upon the mount.
To-day's feast has more than an ordinary
Interest for the Inhabitants of California, be
-1 cause it was in the month of July about 130
years age that Carmelo Bay was discovered
by the zealous and saintly missionary, Junl
pero Serra.
Father Caraher In his discourse told of
many interesting features of Mount Car
mel, which he once visited.
} Rev. Father Henry, superior of the Holy
i Rosary Church of Portland, spoke yester
: day morning at St. Dominic's Church.
! Father Newell, prior of the monastery,
, filled the pulpit in the evening. Father
"Warren of this brotherhood returned from
; Portland recently, where he has spent the
j past two years.
At their last meeting flic Children of
Mary of St. Rose's parish elected the fol
lowing officers: Miss Katie Tully, presi
dent: Miss M. Marshall, iirst vice presi
dent; Miss Etta Bracket, second vice
president: Miss Mary Miller, secretary;
Miss M. Moroney, treasurer. Councilors-
Misses M. Barry, K. Barry. M. Sullivan.
Alice Donnelly and Katie Caufleld.
For some months to come Archbishop
Riordan has directed that one Sunday in
each month be set apart for special serv
ices, preparatory to the final rites by
which the twentieth century will be con
secrated to Christ.. The final service will
be observed on the same day by all the
\ churches. 88-IH
Clubbed a Soldier.
Taylor Phillips, a member of Uncle
Sam's casual brigade at the Presidio, In
curred the displeasure of Amos Adams,
the "watchman" at the notorious Hotel
Nymphla, on Pacific street, yesterday
afternoon, and the latter struck him a
vicious blow on the head with a police
man's club, cutting a deep gash which re
quired the attention of the surgeon, at the
Harbor Hospital. Adams was arrested
and booked at the California-street sta
tion on a charge of assault to commit
murder.
. ♦ ■»
Wedding invitations, visiting cards, fine
stationery and printing at Sanborn &
Vails. *
GREAT CROWDS
VISIT OREGON
BOYS IN CAMP
Returned Heroes Are
Admired.
— ♦ —
WILL BE HERE THREE WEEKS
MEN WILL BE FINALLY PAID EN
ROUTE TO THEIR HOMES.
*
Colonel Summers Thinks It Would
Be a Great Imposition to Re
quire the Soldiers to Buy
Thicker Clothing.
■ — ■ —
One was reminded yesterday at the Pre
sidio of the days before the First Califor- i
nia left for the Philippines. Great crowds
of curious people were out to have a look
at the returned heroes, and the camp of
the Second Oregon Regiment, which Is
where stood that of the First California,
was taxed to its utmost capacity to ac
commodate the surging mass of humanity
that poured in one continuous stream
through the company streets during, the
afternoon. Colonel Summers was kept
busy receiving the ceaseless stream of
visitors that called at headquarters and j
thanking them for their expressions of I
good-will. One object of admiration in
the colonel's tent was a small monkey
that he is taking home to his boy. The
monkey in question is quite tame and af
fectionate. The colonel declares that he
is every inch a soldier.
In discussing the matter of the muster
ing out of the regiment Colonel Summers
said: "We will begin the work of getting
the papers ready to-morrow. This will
I presume, require about three weeks As
I advised the regiment will be paid en
route to Oregon. This will give the men
some spending money when they arrive
at home, or at least enough for them to
take care of themselves for a while. They
will nearly all be met by their families or
friends, so that none of them will be in
actual want. The regiment received two
months' pay on Saturday, .so that for the
present they are provided with money to
meet their actual wants. While we are
in oamp here I shall allow the men every
possible liberty, and all that will be re
quired of them will be to report at night I
The regiment will be drilled just enough
to keep it in condition, and this, with reg
ular guard duty, will be all that the met!
will be required to do in the way of duty
"The matter of the clothing that we
have at present is causing m* some worry.
As I have said, we have such a short
while to stay in San Francisco, It does not
seem fair to ask the men to expend their
money to buy thicker clothing. I have
seen no bad effects as yet from the fact
that the men have only the thin kharki
they wore in Manila. If they were to be
ordered to get the heavier clothing they
would have to pay for it. which would be
an unnecessary expense to put the men to
for so short a stay in San Francisco."
FIGHTING JOE WHEELER.
The Famous Southern Warrior Re
ceives Much Flattering Attention.
General Wheeler passed a quiet day yes
terday, resting after the excitement and
fatigue that attended his long trip across
tho continent, which was practically an
ovation from the start.
Arising at 8 o'clock, he breakfasted with
his daughter, after which he took a car
and rode to the Presidio to call on Gen
eral Shafter. That gentleman was not at
home, so the famous Southern lighter
went to Golden Gate Park and passed the
rest of the morning visiting the -various
places of Interest therein and admiring
the beauty of the gardens, hothouses and
driveways. After lunch he received a
large number of callers, among whom
were many who had fought under him
when gray .» not blue, was his uniform, and |
who were delighted to see. him once more j
and talk over the incidents of a third of a j
century ago.
The evening was spent in returning calls
and being entertained by those, who de
sired to honor the chivalry of the South in
the person of its most famous living com
mander. ' '
Rev. Pius Murphy to Lecture.
Rev. Plus Murphy of the Dominican ;
BEGINNING IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
— m STEPHEN CRANE'S Latest and " 5 —
STEPHEN CRANE'S Latest and |
I Most Thrilling Serial Story | f
! "Active Service" !
t' "The -Most Interesting *
* -Romance of Modern _ Days." |
<s>i ■ • ■■ " ' •'• • '•-' ' ■.■•.:■■•■■ »1
Next Sunday. Call. Next Sunday's Call.
order will deliver an address under the
auspices of Ignatian Council No, 35,
Young Men's Institute. Monday evening
in Institute Hall, Pioneer building. Father
Murphy enjoys the - reputation of being
a very learned man. and his address will
undoubtedly be both interesting and in
structive.
DR. GIBSON SPEAKS OF
ABSALOM THE HANDSOME
Rev. J. George Gibson spoke at Em
manuel Baptist Church last night on
"Absalom the Handsome." He said in
part:
"Absalom was unfortunate in his father
and in his home. His father was impure
and his home was a hotbed of suspicion,
intrigue and incest. If a father is im
pure his boys will find it out.
"Absalom was handsome. This was one
of his dangers. Among wicked •people
neither beautiful women nor handsome
men are safe. Wickedness loves to mar
beauty. Sin looks at the perfect statue
only to crack it. Vice selects the fairest
picture to scratch it. Sin loves ruins and
does not even cover them with ivy to
hide their shame. If a man •Is hand
some and good he is a hero."
SHOT BY A WOMAN.
Mrs. Mack Fires a Bullet Into Neil
Bonner's Hand.
Lizzie Mack, who resides on Illinois
street, near the Arctic Oil Works, was
arrested last night and charged with as
sault to commit murder for having shot
Nell Bonner in the left hand earlier In i
the evening. Bonner was also arrested
and charged with battery, the woman
claiming that he struck her before she
crippled him with a bullet. ~fl_Fß_S
The woman's husband is away in the
country, and Bonner, according to the
police, has been a visitor at her house.
ACTOR HAVES A SICK MAN.
Popular Comedian Suffering From
Congestion of the Lungs.
- Hayes and Lytton's farce comedy
sketch, "A Wise Guy," in which they
have made such a hit at the Orpheum
during the past few weeks, did not con
tribute last night to the amusement of
the audience at that popular playhouse.
The reason was contained in an an
nouncement from «the stage that Mr.
Hayes was ferlng from congestion of
the lungs and was confined to his room in
the Imperial Hotel. While Mr. Hayes" il
ness is not considered serious,,- he is a
very sick man and his physicians insist
that absolute rest is necessary to insure
his prompt recovery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: 1 i
&rom Tfyrs. Sunter
to 97Jrs. !Pinkham.
I
■
[LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM NO. 76,244]
J, One year ago last June three doc-
tors gave me up to die, and as I had at
; different times used your Vegetable
Compound with good results, I had too
much faith in it to die until I had tried
it again. I was apparently an invalid,
was confined to my bed for ten weeks.
(I believe my trouble was ulceration of
womb).
"After taking four bottles of the
Compound and using some of the Liv»r
Pills and Sanative Wash, at the end of (
two months I had greatly improved
and weighed 155 pounds, when I never
before weighed over 138. Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is the
: best medicine I ever used, and I recom-
mend it to all my friends." — Mrs. Ansa
Eva Gunteb, Higginsville, Mo.
Mrs. llarnhnrt Enjoys Life Once More.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham — I had been
sick ever since my marriage, seven
years ago; have given birth to four
', children, and had two miscarriages. I
had falling of womb, leucorrhoea, pains
in back and legs ; dyspepsia and a
nervous trembling of the stomach.
Now I have none of these troubles and
can enjoy my life. Your medicine has
worked wonders for me." — S.
Barnhart, New Castle, Pa.
J visit DR. JORDAN'S great!
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A C& 1051 1IA2SST ST. tet. C:h47-.h, S.F. Cd. i
\ Hr ne tJreest Anatomical Museum in the \
A ,jg-^ World. Weaknesses or Any contracted A
W JXS 2S?I '-'""' I*'*'***"**"'?' rmr+d by the oldest W
0 tfffg 3SI I Specialist cv the Coast. Est. 36 year* ©
A $§¥*& OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES A
i » ftwj 9 Consultation free and strictly private. v
A 8 JJfXjtf ff "^" ment personally or by letter. A A
W A Or vjl I Pos.ttve Cure in every case undertaken. V
AY I llfeft v ' nte for Ilook. rn;i oMii'iiv cC A
▼ li 1 mnmAKi;, MAILED freb. (AT
i JJ 11, valuable book for men) \
f OK J(»I.E)_ >' A CO., 1061 Market St.. S.F. W
tmo.o_HA.7lro VI' TALIS
LMfS^. wl I Hl,!©
istD.r J^Miitr 8 !! the NEW
Mug. tei ma %UM eeciipy
orcar 10th D. y . &mMX "7 TntLßVna.
YITALIS ' iothZ3r - «£ * DCBgcnV
PBODCdS THE ABOTK 30th Day. ns_iln___Ulsi
RKSI'LTS. It quickly 4«nrely removes Nervousness, Impotency
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects
of self-ahuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores L". Vitality
Power and Failing Memory. Wards iff Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cures when all others fail. Insist on having VITAI_IS,
no other. Can be carried in to vest pocket. By mail 61.0U
per package or «ix for $5.00 with a guarantee to Cure o»-
Refund tbe Money. Circular Free. Address
CAM MET CUBE CO., 884 ftearborn St., Chirac*
Sold by Owl Drug Co., "Baldwin Pharmacy,
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Crant Drue Co., la
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. '
<_m^^^m\ RUPTURE.
BBfvT7l?jSBl USE NO MOKE IRON
jffßafM&iLg^ay Hoops or Steel Springs.
fi"^SsS_^^" Rupture retained with ease
fl_-^«___^V and comfort, and thousands radl-
H /My cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
R y^_Sf Magnetic Elastic Truss. B__!*Call at
X______^ office or write for New Pamphlet
No. 1. •'---77--
MAaNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 MarKet St.. oPP. Palace Hotel, Sjan ifranclaoo
NERVITA sag v7ci^
—■ AND MANHOOD
tflyP&'X Curt* Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
Mn4fi diseases, all effects of seif-abuse, or excess and
indiscretion. A nerreytonic and blood-builder,
. vl brings the pink glow to pale hceks and tt*
i_^ fL_\ J stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
»_&_*--WL boxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
i~;f^lg6^! guarantee to cure or refund the money.
' Sfreita medical Co., CHnton ft Jackson $ts., Ciiicaoo.
; tt. la. Baldwin * Co.. Druggists. 8 Market. S. 9.
I ATTRACTIVE!
i f
ji ■ — ■ — - — *
l LADIES' WASH DRESS SKIRTS. f
i - — • *
f jf
A. . LADIES' FANCY STRIPED GRASS LINEN DRESS SKIRTS, exceptional value ys
x • at 05 cents each. jrifcjppßi , .*,."*. -.-.-._ jl.
£ LADIES' WHITE DUCK DRESS SKIRTS, trimmed with three rows of blue 54.
** duck at bottom, at 75 cents each. ■ -* : 7. • y'y^y _*.
i — I
' *
* SPECIALS IN HOSIERY. I
i ___ *
f LADIES' FAST-BLACK AND TAN SHADES COTTON HOSE, full finished, jf
4. suitable for vacation time, at IO cents per pair. 34.
J : .*
I CORSETS. CORSETS. I
if ■• — j
f LADIES' BLACK AND DRAB FRENCH MODEL CORSETS, well boned and _>.
l. perfect fitting, excellent value at 75 cents per pair. .:.__«■ jj.
I 10 Cents Each. |
f LADIES' FINE HEMSTITCHED LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS on sale at IO " 5
f cents each. Jf
f 25 Cents per Yard. J
C IS-lnch wide BLACK CHENILLE DOTTED VEILING, all silk, new patterns. Jf
( at 25 cents per yard. Jf
{ .... . ; — Jf
! SILKS. SILKS. I
<' ~ *
( BLACK TAFFETA, 22 Inches wide, extra heavy, mads of pure bright silk (w*ar Jf
{ guaranteed), exceptional value at 75 cents per yard. Jf
< BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE, 22 inches wide, rich, soft and lustrous, 91.10 per Jf
ef yard. "; Jf
I This satin is warranted to give the most perfect satisfaction as regards dur- Jf
, ■".'■ ability and the color is absolutely fast. . , jf
I ' *"
j Jf
i BLACK DRESS GOODS. I
r i • - Jf
c l j *
( 75 SUITS EXTRA HEAVY ALL-WOOL ENGLISH STORM SERGE, positively •* Jf
c bargain at 93.30 per suit. Jf-
-1 75 SUITS FRENCH CREPONS in 6 different designs, extra good value at 94. . Jf
J per suit. Jf
5 50 SUITS FINE MOHAIR CREPONS ln a large variety of design* at 97.50 J
per suit. jf.
[ SATINES. SATINES. S
. Jf
c Having closed out the surplus stock of a manufacturer Of PRINTED SA- J
1 Having closed out the surplus stock of a manufacturer of PRINTED SA- %■
1 TINES we are enabled to offer same at less than cost of production. 2^.
1 Jf
* 150 pieces FIGURED SATINES, a good material and a pretty range of dark pat- 5-
* terns, an extra special line at O.i cents per yard. J
* ; 350 pieces FIGURED SATINES, heavy cloth with fine satin flnish, large variety J
C of pretty styles, In light, medium and dark colorings, a special bargain at J
X 7V4 cents per yard. - ; -'-yy T
t Jf
c {/if Murphy Building-. -A J
i MarM aM Jones Streets. \
if ■ i
AMUSEMENTS. 1
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. FRIEDLANDER Manager.
ANOTHER IMPORTANT EVENT.
TO-NIGHT,
MISS BLANCHE BATES
AND COMPANY OF PLAYERS.
Presented by T. DANIEL FRAWLEY.
In Henry Arthur Jones' Masterpiece,
THE DANCING GIRL
Magnificent New Stage Settings, Costumes, etc.
Reserved Seats, 25c,' 50c, 75c and Jl.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
Matinee Prices, 25c,' 50c and 75c. .•
Monday, July 24,
"MADAME SANS GENE,"
COLUMBIA
THE SEASON'S MOST PROMINENT
THEATRICAL EVENT.
Charles Frohman Presents
AIILLER
A SPECIAL COMPANY
SECOND AND LAST WEEK OF
LORD AND LADY ALGY
R. C. Carton's Brilliant Comedy.
Next Monday— WEEK ONLY.
HEARTSEASE,
ALCAZAR.™™
PHONE '. Main 2.H.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
SATURDAY MATINEE.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In the Beautiful < Emotional Drama,
"THE NEW MAGDALEN."
Supported by
WHITE WHITTLESY, MAY NANNARY AND
THE ALCAZAR COMPANY.
15c, 25c, p^^s 35c, 50c.
Next-LEWIS MORRISON in "FAUST."
AND OPERA HOUSE
MOROCCO AMUSEMENT *-0. (Inc.), Lessee.'
THIS EVENING,
Costly and Beautiful Production of Audran's
Delightful Comic Opera,
"OLIVETTE"
ORCHESTRA FLOOR. Reserved. Jsc and 60c.
DRESS CIRCLE, Reserved, 25c.
FAMILY CIRCLE, Reserved. 15c
GALLERY. 10c.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
.At the Matinees the Best Reserved Seat can be
• purchased for 25c. Family Circle 15c.
• Gallery 10c.
Telephone Main 532. .'«
I . in
CONCERTS AND JRESOBTS.
JLJCI IV Those who were there
a . say the Panorama is a
4""WTr correct representation.
11 1 ■■-'■' - Lectures by Prof W.
.. _ O. • ROLLINS after-
rt/| __ rm «_« 51 n noons and evenings.
ITianiia Market St.. nr. Eighth.
• Admission. 50c
Bay! - Children, fee.
SUTRO BAT riS.'
x OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. id.
ADMISSION. 10c. 7 ... CHILDREN. 5c
Bathing, ■ including admission. 26c; Chil-
dren, 20c.
AMUSEMENTS.
OREGON SOLDIER BOYS MADE
WELCOME TO-NIGHT AT
THE INTERNATIONAL
CAKEWALK CARNIVAL!
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
LITTLE PACIFICO MANUEL ROBLES,
The Brave Filipino Mascot of the Oregon Regi-
ment. Who So Greatly Aided Our Boys,
Will Be Present and Will Lead
the American Juveniles ln
a Cakewalk.
Beautiful Dewey Dance by Miss Pearl Hick-
man: Electric Cakewalk by Mr. Barr and Miss
La Salle: Fancy Dances by Children; Chinese
Cakewalk; Second Night of Professionals, Ama-
teurs and Colored Cakewalkers; First Appear-
ance of Society Cakewalkers; Great Contest of
Irish Jig and Reel Dancing: First Time of
Carnival Colored Quartet in Rag-Time Operas;
In fact, a show for more than your money.
Grand march and entry at 8 sharp. We have
added 200 private box seats and .00 reserved
seats, besides more seats in balcony and main
floor. We did not know that the crowd would
be so big Saturday night.- Seats on sale at the
Emporium, Hale Bros. & Co., etc.
To-morrow Afternoon— and Children'^
Matinee. All children presenting this adver-
tisement at door admitted free. Olympic Club
night to-morrow and a big programme of box-
ing, athletic and other sports besides the cake-
walks.
ADMISSION, (25 CENTS.
NEW FAGES, NEW ATTRACTIONS!
KILPATRICH AND BARBER,
LES BROWNS,
HOUDINI, KS
MINNIE PALMER <__ CO.,
GEORGE WILSON,
THE RIXFORDS,
MILLIAN AND SHIELDS,
THE PASQUALIS,
HAVES AND LYTTON.
Reserved Seats, 25 cents; Balcony, 10 cents;
Opera Chairs and Box Seats, 50 cents.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
EVERY EVENING AND SATURDAY MATI-
BPB NEE.
The Brilliant and Gorgeous Burlesque,
"BLUEBEARD"
Replete With Up-to-Date Songs, Jokes, Dance«,
Etc.
ENLARGED- COMPANY AND CHORUS
THE GREATEST SHOW IN TOWN!!!
POPULAR PRICES...2Sc and SOo
Next Production— The Popular Opera "WANG."
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
CHUTES JND ZOO!
Perfection in Popular Recreation,
EVERY 'AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Commencing TO-DAY, Monday,
7— Brand New Distinct Novelties—/
Are Presented in the
CHUTES THEATER.
IN THE ZOO
THE OLD man kangaroo,
Larsest of -His Species.
THURSDAY," AMATEUR NIGHT. ANOTHER
LAUGHING SURPRISE.
EVERY BA AY. CHILDREN'S AFTERNOON.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
56
Do_ss-F{ui7 in fos, j
f\ Day's Baseball
COURSING IS
STOPPED AGAIN
AT INGLESIDE
Final Round of Stake!
Postponed.
- — —
RELIEF IS STILL EXPECTED
- — ♦ —
HANDY & SMITH'S DO OS WIN
TWICE AT UNION PABK.
4
'
Twin City Girl Defeats J. Dean's
Great Dog Gladiator in Impres
sive Style in the Cham
pion Stake.
»
There was no coursing at Ingleside Park
yesterday. The action of Mayor Phelan
lft vetoing the ordinance passed recently
by the Supervisors allowing pool-selling i
on the contests between dogs came as j
lightning from a clear sky. The stake,
the largest ever held in America, was
run down once on Saturday before any
intimation was received that Ingleside j
coursing was being held contrary to law. j
• The iirst intention of the park officials I
Si run off the stake without allowing !
_. When they met yesterday morn- j
was determined to postpone the re- i
mainii ig rounds until next Sunday, In the I
lope that the Supervisors might
relief at their meeting to-day by
g the ordinance over the Mayor's
The dogs winning in the prelim
round will receive their percentage
of the stake.
am of Police ■ rillin. Sergeant Blank
me patrolmen were present in cltl- '
■lothes. Captain Gillin made no dis
f his authority, as President Shan
id his associates assured him there
* intention to violate the law. Mr.
on announced the conclusion at
he and his associates had arrived,
id the park would not have been
1 had they known of the Mayor's
on to veto the ordinance, and that
i-ere sorry they had been placed in j
c position in the matter. The dog
s took the matter philosophically.
ipplauded Mr. Shannon at the con
i of his remarks,
majority turned their footsteps to-
Union Park, where three stakes
- were decided. The winners' stake and the j
consolation stake were won by Handy &
Smith. Twin City, Girl, which is just
rounding into form, defeated the mighty
Gladiator in impress style. The last
portion of the race was lost to the spec
tators, the dogs running into a bank of
fog. As far as could be seen "The Girl" |
led all the way, Gladiator scoring a few
I.ints at the farther end of the Held. He
as the favorite at 3 tok
In the reserve stake Mountain Beauty
had no difficulty in defeating Wait a Lit
tie, having the speed all the way. The
iggest upset of the day occurred in this
ake. when Grenada, at 1 to 7. defeated j
rawford Lad. The latter had the speed,
.v the hare was a tricky one and favored :
renada. A long line of bettors cashed in j
: each >__.
For the linal of the consolation stake !
ictor led Kid M* Coy five lengths to the
ire. McCoy scored but one time. The
ttendance was unusually large. The de
tailed results of the sport follow:
Winners' stake, run down— George Whitney's
Theron beat Lowe & Thompson's St. <)ran;
Handy & Smith's Twin City Girl beat Lowe &
liompson's Prince Hal; T. Butler's Susie beat
. & R. Scott's Lord Byron; J. Dean's
adiator beat Pasha Kennels' Emm Pasha.
First round— Twin City Girl beat Theron;
ladiator beat isle.
: -Twin City Girl beat Gladiator.
Reserve stake, run down — Hurley & Reiliy's
0 X Capitol beat Aeneid Kennels' Pretender;
ussell, Allen & Wilson's Rosie Clair beat J.
1 O'Brien's Statesman: D. J. Healey's Gre
ida beat Aeneid Kennels' Maid of Erin; H. F.
nderson's Crawford Lad beat Pasha Kennels'
ducking Airs; J. Kerrigan's Lalla Rookh beat
red Herrln's St. Klmo: George Sharman's
ait a Little beat Pasha. Kennels' Rest As
red- Smith & Dravden's Mountain Belle beat
isha Kennels' Road Agent; R. E. de B.
-.pez's Rochester beat Handy & Smith's
aglc; A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty beat J.
can's Mialmo; J. J. Ktenan's Biaeklock beat
J. Panarlo's Joker; J. Seggerson's Gold Hill
beat Ed Evan's Hurricane: Russell, Allen &
'llson's Lady Emma beat E. M. Kellogg's
idy Gilmore. -
Second round— Rosie Clair beat O X Capitol;
renada beat Crawford Lad: Walt a Little beat
alia Rookh; Mountain Belle beat Rochester;
ountaln Beauty beat Biaeklock; Gold Hill
•at Lady Emma.
Third round— Rosie Clair beat Grenada:
ountaln Belle was beaten by Walt a Little;
ountaln Beauty beat Gold Hill.
Fourth round— Wait a. Little beat Rosie Clair;
ountaln Beauty ran a bye.
Final— Mountain Beauty beat Walt a Little.
Consolation stake, run down — Victor beat Shy
ck-Boy; Highflyer beat Dauntless: Ben Bolt
_ 'at Handicap: Jesse Moore ran a bye; Madge
Wildfire beat Fleeting Fancy: O'Hara ran a
by«- The Devil beat Little Fairy; Lady Blanch
beat October Woodcock; Silent Treasure beat
Bonita; Kid McCoy beat Bessde B; Magnet ran
a bye; Fireman beat Bounding Belle.
First round— Victor beat Highflyer: Ben Bolt
beat Rowdy Boy: Madge Wildfire beai. O'Hara:
The Devil beat Lady Blanch: Kid McCoy beat
Silent Treasure; Fireman beat Magnet.
Second round— Victor beat Madge Wildfire;
Ben Bolt beat The Devil; Kid McCoy beat Fire
man.
Third round— McCoy ran a bye; Victor
beat Ben Bolt.
Final— Victor beat Kid McCoy-
ON THE CRICKET PITCH.
California Eleven Defeats Last Year's
. Champions, the Alameda Team.
The California cricket team defeated
last year's champions at Alameda yes
terday by a score of 112 to 69. The most
important contribution to the winner's
score was Arthur Dickinson's 03, which
included three fives. The scores of the
individual players in the California eleven
were as follows:
Dickinson, b. Head. 63; Reeves, b. Peel, 11;
Pieman, c. Croll, b. Saunders, 7; Reynolds, b.
Bird. IS: Hockins. b. Driffield, 0; I_ouf_hman, c.
Head b Driffield, 2: Hammond, b. Head, 0;
V.'illis. c. DriflleM. b. Head. 4; Aitken. not
out C; Robinson, b. 'roll, 0; byes. 4; leg byes,
1" total 112.
' Seven Alameda bowlers were tried-
Peel, Croll. Bird, Driffield, Saunders,
Mori • and lead, Of these the most
successful was Head, who bowled 6 overs,
4 of which were maidens," and took 3
wickets for 6 runs.
When the Alameda men went to the hat
none of them made any stand against the
bowling of Dickenson and Reynolds, tne
former taking 3 wickets and the latter
capturing G. The individual scores of the
Alameda eleven were as follows:
Bird b. Dickinson. 13; Seebeck, run out, 7;
Moriarty. c. sub., b. Reynolds. I; '"roll. c.
Dickinson I*. Reynolds, 4: Saunders, b. Dickin
son S; BauKh. 1). Reynolds. 5; Head, b.'Dick
inson 0; Bellman, b. Reynolds, 8; Peel, c.
"Willis l. Reynolds, 15; Driffield, i. b. w., b.
Reynolds, 2: Fortmnn. not cut, 0: extras. 6;
total 6i*b Dickinson's bowling average was 86
hall J>, 4 maidens, 2C runs and ' wickets, while
Reynolds' average was Si i.alls, 1 maiden, Zi
runs and C wickets. _
A Close Game.
The Galloway Lithograph Company
baseball team defeated the Britton & Rey
i.in. at the Folsom and Sixteenth streets
grounds yesterday by a score of 7 to C.
The feature of the game was the battery
work of (3. Olsen and Althansen of the
ways. The team is open to chal
lenges from any lithograph house, the
Mutuals preferred. Address .-ill chal
lenges to the Galloway Lithograph Com
pany, Commercial and Sansome streets.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 'Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
SENATORS WIN
TWO FROM THE
OAKLANDERS
Dudes Are Treated to
Medicine.
■ •■♦- —
ALL kinds OF BASEBALL
♦
! EIGHT INNINGS OF ALMOST PEB
FECT PLAYING.
•
t Match in Oakland Was of the Fire
works O.der, While That in This
City Was Steady and
Sure.
" ♦
MORNING GAME.
Sacramento 10, Oakland 8.
The Beau Brummels of Oakland and the
•statesmen of the capital had two distinct
diamond engagements yesterday, In the
' morning at Oakland and in the afternoon
', at Recreation Park, this city.
The morning mix-up was just the kind
I- that suited Oakland. In the very first
1 inning it scored twice, and repeated for
j five more runs in the second.
Sacramento said nothing, finding Mos
-1 kiman with a steady and painful ease. At
: the end of the seventh inning the score
i was tied. During the eighth it remained
unchanged and both teams steadied down
I to careful and accurate playing.. Then the
< Senators started to rap the ball all over
the grounds. McLaughlin began the race
around the bags with a double; Harvey
went to first merely because Hutchinson
' did not care to exert himself after he
stopped a hot grounder; Doyle followed
with a base on balls, filling the three rest
ing places. Then up walked Eagan, the
. beef embalmer. for a double to far center,
' and McLaughlin and Harvey scored. Stan
ley tried punching the heavens with a
sky-scraper, but it perished In Dunleavy'a
fists. Doyle on third beat the ball in.
The score read 10-7 in favor of the
Statesmen when the Dudes came to bat
for the last time. By a series of hard
smashes Donovan was forced over the
plate. With Peeples. Hammond and Har
l die on the bags, Dunleavy took up the
Mick. He caught the ball on the nose,
j but it went sailing Into Texas Mike's
palms and the game was over. The score:
OAKLAND.
AH. K. I'll. SB. PO. A. E.
Peeples, 2b 4 2 114 5 0
Hammond, c 4 2 10 3 0 0
Hutchinson, lb 5 110 8 0 2
Hardie. r. 1 4 0 10 10 0
Dunleavy, c. f 3 0 0 0 6 0 1
Lange, 3b 4 0 li 0 13 0
Schmeer. s. s 4 0 10 4 3 1
Donovan, c. 1 4 2 3 0 10 1
Moskiman, p 4 10 0 0 3 0
Totals 38 8 8 1 27 14 5
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlin, 1. f 5 3 4 0 2 2 1
Harvey, r. f 5 2 3 110 0
O'Connor, lb 4 10 0 8 0 1
Doyle, p 4 2 10 12 0
< Eagan. s. a 5 12 0 3 3 0
Stanley c 5 0 10 3 10
Shanahan. c. i 5 0 0 0 10 1
StUltZ, 2b 4 12 0 5 2 2
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 0 0 3 12
— T :' — V - — '-- "'■— --."— -V —
Totals 41 10 13 1 27 11 7
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 2 5000000 I—B
Base- hits 0 5100000 2—
Sacramento 11000410 3—lo
Base hits 11200322 2—13
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Moskiman 3. Home
runs— McLaughlin. Stullz. Eagan. Two-base
hits— Hutchinson, Hardie. McLaughlin, Eagan.
First base on errors— Oakland 4. Sacramento 4.
First base on called balls— Oakland 3, Sacra
mento 2. Left on Oakland 6, Sacra
mento 6. Struck out— By Moskiman 1. by Doyle
2. Double plays— Peeples to Schmeer to Hutch
inson; Schmeer to Peeples to Hutchinson:
LanK» to Peeples to Hutchinson; McLaughlin
to Stanley. Time of game— Umpire—
O'Connell. Official scorer— H. S. McFarlln.
AFTERNOON GAME.
Sacramento 6, Oakland 1.
Eight innings of rattling play marked
the afternoon game. At the end of the
seventh the score read Ito 1. Errors were
very few.
It was in the first inning that Shanahan
of the salmon country went jogging to
first on a single. Stultz furthered his
travels by another, and these two _ were
i each advanced a station on Sheehan's
sacrifice bunt. McLaughlin went to bat
and let drive for a single right In the
safest spot of center field. Shanahan
crossed the plate, but Stultz, who was
close upon his heels, was caught at the
haven and died.
Oakland's only run was made in tho
> fifth. Lange smashed the ball out for
; two bags and went to third when Schmeer
rapped a single Donovan attempted to
bunt, but died a quick and unnatural
death. Steffanl walked up to the plate
' with a jaunty air that promised much.
!He swung and Lange scored. Nothing
more In the way of run-making for Oa—
land was effected.
In the seventh inning Stultz started after
a ball from Moskiman's bat and it was
a cinch that he wouldn't "et it. With a
flying leap backward he shot out his left
and the ball stuck. It was the prettiest
individual work of the day.
The eighth inning was fruitful of an
other run for the Senators. McLaughlin
crossed the plate this time. The last in
ning was a noisy, turbulent revelry .n
runs for one sine, the Senators. Shana
han, Stultz. McLaughlin and Harvey
worked around the bases with hits, bases
on balls and an occasional error.
Harvey for the Senators pitched a great
game and was well supported by nis team.
The hits off Steffanl were bunched and
in the last inning resulted in a string of
; runs. The score: 7. :
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
: Topples 2 b 4 0 10 3 10
Hammond, c... 4 0 0 0 4 1 0
Hardie. r. i 4 0 0 0 1 0 1
Moskiman. 1. t 4 0 1 0 5 0 C
Hutchinson, lb 4 0 10 9 0 0
Lange. 3 b 4 12 10 2 1
Schmeer, s. c 4 0 1 0 3 l 2
Donovan, c. f 2 0 0 0 2 10
Steffani. p * 0 J 0 0 6 0
... — — — — — — —
Totals 33 1 8 1 27 11 4
SACRAMENTO.
AB. H. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlin. 1. f 5 2 2 1 0 0 0
Harvey P 5 12 0 2 0 0
O'Connor 1 b 4 0 2 0 11 1 0
Doyle r. f 5 0 0 0 o 0 0
Eagan. s. s 4 0 0 0 15 0
Stanley, c '.... * 0 114 2 0
Shanahan, c. f 4 2 3 0 0 0 0
Stultz. 2r> 2 10 0 4 10
i Sheehan, 3 b 2 0 0 0 0 J.
Totals 3*. 6 10 2 27 13 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 00010 000-1
Base hits 0 0012—8
Sacramento 0 01000014—6
Base hits 0 '(220111 3—lo
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Steffanl 2. Harvey 1.
! Two-base hits— bange. O'Connor, Harvey. Sac
! rifice hits— Sheehan 2, O'Connor, Donovan. First
base on errors— Oakland 1. Sacramento 3. First
base on called balls— Off Steffanl 2. Left on
- bases— Oakland .'.. Sacramento 8. Struck out
By Steffanl 3. by Harvey 6. Hit by pitcher—
' Stultz. Double -Stultz to O'Connor. I'm
• plre— O'Connell. Official scorer— W. Staple
ton.
• — ,
GREAT BASEBALL.
San Jose Wins From Santa Cruz in
■fyy an citing Game.
SANTA CRUZ, July IS.— of the very
closest and best games played this sea
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 17, 1899.
SPORTS EAST AND WEST
RIFLEMEN AND PICNICKERS
AT SCHUETZEN PARK
SHARPSHOOTERS* rifles cracked merrily yesterday
at Schuetzen Park, the whir of bullets mingling
with the sounds of music that came floating over
from the big pavilion, where a hundred couples
danced. The California Schuetzen Club was holding
its monthly bullseye shoot, and the Grutli Shooting
Section and the San Francisco Turner Schuetzen were each
doing likewise, while scattered through the grounds, in
the bowling alleys and in the dance hall were the "Forty
niners" of the San Francisco Parlor, N. S. G. W., enjoying
their annual picnic. There were just enough of the lat
ter present to make things lively, and the ' brass band
which was in attendance was given little opportunity to
rest until the signal was sounded for the last train back
to the city.
The picnickers had the grounds to themselves, as the
marksmen were too busy peppering the bullseye targets
to think even of leaving the rifle range. It was a good day
for shooting, too. There was scarcely any wind and thy
light was perfect. Good scores were the rule, the honors
of the day going to C. J. Walden, who made the best
score in the California Schuetzen Club contest. Walden
also headed the list of cracks at the last monthly shoot,
and while his score yesterday was not quite as good as
that of a month ago it was, nevertheless, good enough to
keep him in the lead. The scores for the day were as fol
lows:
California Schuetzen Club monthly bullseye shoot— C.
son was that of the San Jose and Santa
Cruz teams to-day.
The Lobsters fell beneath the pruning
knives of the Fruit Pickers after a severe
and hard-fought struggle. The score
was 2 to 0.
Not a run was made after the first in
-1 ning. McGueken and Anderson crossed
the plate for San Jose the first chance
they had. San Jose played an errorless
game, while only two errors were made
by Santa Cruz. Both Daubenbls and An
drews pitched great ball.
One of San Jose's runs was made
through Williams' Juggle of a ball thrown
by Catcher Pace. Twice Santa Cruz had
the bases full with only one man out and
failed to score. The score:
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, 2b 4 0 0 0 6 11
Pace, c 2 0 10 2 0 0
Streib, 1. f.... 4 0 112 0 0
Clark, lb 4 0 2 0 8 0 0
Devereaux, 3b 3 0 10 110
Drennan, c. t 4 0 2 0 2 0 0
Arrelanes, r. f 8 0 0 0 1 0 0
Klelber, s. a 2 0 0 0 2 6 1
Daubenbls, p 4 0 10 0 4 0
Totals 30- 0 8 ~1 24 12 1
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGueken, c. f 5 12 0 0 0 0
Graham, r. f 5 0 0 0 10 0
Anderson, 2b 3 12 0 2 7 0
Dalrymple, 1. t 4 0 114 0 0
Hanlon. lb 3 0 1 1 13 1 0
ODea, 3b 3 0 0 0 2 2 0
Leake, s. s 4 0 10 0 10
Andrews, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Kent, c 4 0 0.0 J _? _?
Totals 34 2 7 2 27 15 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz 00000000 o—o
Base hits...*. 10021121
San Jose 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 «-2
Base hits 30110200*— 7
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— San Jose 2. Two-base hits-
Clark, McGueken. Sacrifice hit— Graham. First
base on error— San Jose. First base on called
balls— Santa Cruz 6. San Jose 4. Left on bases
—Santa Cruz 12, San Jose 11. Struck out— By
Daubenbls 2. by Andrews 3. Hit by pitcher-
Pace Double play— Anderson to Hanlon.
Passed ball— Kent. Time of game— l:4s. Um
pire—P. Cahill. Official scorer— H. Fleisig.
LOCAL TEAM LOSES.
Watsonville Scores Four Times to San
Francisco's Once.
WATSONVILLE, July 16.— The Wasps
again went down to defeat before Man
ager Morris' hard-playing Sugar Beets.
The latter put up a brilliant game
throughout. Hayes doing some. superb
fielding. With Hayes on third in the
sixth and two men gone, Brockoff sent a
three-bagger out Into left, but was called
out for having missed first by a few
inches. Dad Harper was in great form.
The Wasps made several pretty double
plays but the infield work of Krug and
Riley was somewhat ragged. Josh Riley
was fined |2 50 for back talk to the um
pire. Cahlll's umpiring yesterday was so
unsatisfactory to both sides and Secre
tary Bonnet that Rube Levy was secured
for"to-day, and his work was satisfactory
to all. Score:  •
SAN FRANCISCO. Jyyf-
A3. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hilderbrandt. c. f... 4 1 1 0- 0 0 0
Muller, 1. f J 0 2 0 2 0 0
K-ug, s. 8 3 0 0 0 4 4 2
SvlHvan. c 4 0 10 4 0 1
Riley, 3 b * 0 0 0 0 5 3
Swindells, r. f 3 OXOIOO
Pyne lb .......... * <► 0 0 11 10
J. Walden 258. A. Bertelsen 259, D. B. Faktor 438. Captain
F. Attinger 439, R. Langer 460, H. Enger 614, T. J. Carroll
650, A. Breuss 689, F. Schumann 707, A. Utschig 757. C.
Meyer 189, Joseph Straub 819, J. E. Gorman 895, C. Thier
bach 979, Charles Sagehorn 1041, A. Strecker 1176, R. Fink
ing 1215, John Utschig Sr. 1373, J. L. Utschig Jr. 1725, R.
Stettin 1734, L. Reubold 1830, J. C. Waller 1874, John Horst
mann ISSS, D. W. McLaughlin 2202, A. Jungblut 2373, M.
Reubold 2394.
Cadets— J. Kullmann 468, E. Woenne 1030.
In the San Francisco Grutli Shooting Section's monthly
bullaeye shoot the contestants scored in the following or
der, the first named making the best score: T. Simmer!
August Studer, J. Appenzeller, A. yon Wvll, W. Scasclg
hlnni. G. R. Hauser. 77 \
San Francisco Grutli Shooting Section's monthly medal
shoot: Championship class, medal not awarded; first
class medal, won by August Studer, score 398; second class
medal, won by J. Appenzeller, score 375; third class medal,
not awarded. Best first shot made by A. yon Wyll, score
23; best last shot made by August Studer. score 25.
San Francisco Turner Schuetzen, monthly bullseye
shoot: Captain Attinger 415, John Utschig Sr. 408. Lieu
tenant Joseph Straub 419. H. Enge 562, W. Nolden 702 C
Nielsen 733. R. Finking 1058, F. Klatzel 1150, L. Brune 1322,
R. Langer 1640. A. Utschig 1981, Charles Sagehorn 2517,
Lieutenant Kommer 2545.
Turner Drum Corps: W. Schmelzlein 1329, F. Krueckel
1460. W. Straub 2275.
O'Neii, 2 b 3 0 0 0 3 3 0
Fitzpatrick, p 3 0 0 0 16 2
Totals 31 1 5 0 -26 19 8
"WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. BH. 88. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, 3 b. ....... 3100200
McCarthy, s. s 4 0 10 4 0 0
Courtney, c. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
Selna. lb 4 10 15 0 0
Morrow, c 4 2 1 1 12 1 0
Billings, 2 b 2 0 12 0 11
("roll. r. t 4 0 10 10 0
Hayes, 1. f 4 0 10 3 0 0
Harper, p 4 0 0 10 2 0
Totals 33 4 6 5 27 7 1
•Brockhoff nut for not touching: first base.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Watsonvllle 1 10000020—4
Hits 0 00 0 0 3 12 o—6
San Francisco 1 00000000—1
Hits 2 01101000—5
SUMMARY.
Run responsible for — Harper. Two-base
hits— Croll, McCarthy. Sacrifice hits—Brock
hoff, McCarthy. First base on — Watson
vllle, 6: San Francisco, 1. First base on called
balls— Watsonvllle, 2; San Francisco, 1. Left
on bases— Watsonvllle, 7; San Francisco, 4.
Struck out— By Harper, 11; by Fitzpatrick. 2.
Hit by pitcher— Brockhoff. Swindells. Double
plays— Krug to O'Neii to Pyne; Riley to Pyne
to Krug; Fitzpatrick to Krug to Pyne; Harper
to McCarthy to Selna— Passed ball— Sullivan,
■Wild pitches— Fitzpatrick. Time of
game, 1:50. Umpire Levy.
MINOB BASEBALL.
Merced Defeats Selma in a Game Re
plete With Errors.
MERCED, July 16.— Selma baseball
team played the Merced team here to-day
and was defeated by a score of 28 to 16.
Hits and errors were plentiful and both
sides made changes in their batteries,
without the desired effect. Score:
Merced— Runs, 28; hits, 23; errors, 10.
Selma— Runs, 15; hits, 13; errors, 15. Bat
teries—J. Grub, D. Grub and Harrell; Da
| vis. Dallah and Bustelle and Cardwell.
Umpires— Henry and Kessell.
COLUSA, July 16.— The game between
Colusa and the Phoenix team of Sacra
mento was won by Colusa by a score of 6
to 4. Bevillee and Hansen were the bat
tery for the home team and Fitzgerald
and Armstrong for the visitors. Colusa
has now won twelve out of thirteen
games.
VISALIA, July 16.— The score of to-day's
i game: Visalia, 17; Fresno, 9. An immense
1 crowd was in attendance and the sporting
i element of Visalia is wild with glee over
the victory.
STOCKTON. July 16— The Terminal
I City Wheelmen beat the Oakdale nine to
day at Goodwater Grove by a score of 8
to 6. The local nine got seven hits on!
I Lanagan, the Stanford twlrler.
SAN BERNARDINO, July 16.— The San
! Bernardino team defeated Los Angeles In
a tournament game of ball to-day at Ath
letic Park by a score of 11 to 4. Heavy
batting on the part of San Bernardino
! won the game.
LOS ANGELES, July 16— principal
feature of the ball game between the Los
1 Angeles Merchants and the San Diego
; team here to-day was the number of er-
I rors made, which aggregated twenty-two,
I evenly divided. San Diego won by a score
lof 15 to 14. There was a good attendance
j and some good plays.
Lady Salisbury Improving.
LONDON, July 16.— The condition of
Lady Salisbury-, wife of the Prime Min
ister, is reported to-day as more favor
able.
YACHT EDNA WINS
BY A LARGE MARGIN
SAGAR'S SLOOP CAPTURES THE
WALLACE TROPHY.
Winner's Victory Due to Her Excel
lent Work in Beating- Out to
Windward.
The California Yacht Club members held
their annual race for the Wallace trophy
yesterday over the usual course from the
southerly pier-head of the narrow-gauge
mole at Oakland out to Presidio Shoal
buoy. The first or preparatory gun was
fired at 12:35 p. m., and the starting gun
for classes 1 and 2 at 12:45 p. m.; but none
of the yachts in those classes started.
Vice Commodore A. C. Lee's sloop Sur
prise was cruising about with a reef in
her mainsail, but her owner, finding that
she had no competitors in her own class,
did not cross the starting line.
At 1 o'clock the gun signaling the
yachts- of class 3to start boomed out. The
yawl Idler and the sloops Edna, Embla
and Pactolus were all near the line, and
crossed in a bunch, the Embla first, Idler
next, Pactolus third and Edna last. From
the start the Edna outpointed and out
footed her rivals. The Edna. Embla and
Idler kept over toward Goat Island, but
Commodore Clay went . nearer to tne
water front. The Edna kept increasing
her lead until at Presidio Shoal buoy she
was 37 minutes ahead of the Embla and
45 minutes ahead of the Pactolus. On the
run home, with spinnakers and watersails
set, the Edna lost 41 seconds of her lead
over the Pactolus, finishing 36 minutes
and 30 seconds ahead of the Embla, and 44
minutes atid 19 seconds ahead of the Pac
tolus. The yawl Idler started and fin
ished a few seconds behind the Embla,
but as she did not round the buoy the
course was not completed by her.
On the run home the Edna lost 30 sec
onds of the lead she had established over
the Embla on the beat out. The Edna's
windward work was excellent; she was
well handled, and had an efficient crew,
which included Cormodore Carl Wester
feld, J. Short, Frank Thompson and E.
Schober. ' In Commodore Clay's crew
were R. L. Eames. R. R. l'Hommedieu
and Captain Llghtfoot of the Healanl
Yacht Club of Honolulu. E. F. Sagar has
won the Wallace trophy two years in suc
cession. Last year he defeated his only
competitor, E. N. Walter's sloop Embla,
by more than 12 minutes. Her victory yes
terday was so decisive that no calculation
of time allowance was made.
CALIFORNIA YACHT CLUB— RACE FOR WALLACE TROPHY.
YACHT.
Sailing
Length.
Starting
Time.
H.M.S.
! Rounded I
I Buoy. [
H.MS.
(Finishing) Elapsed
1 Time. I Time.
H.M.S. H.M.S.
Sailed by-
a
la ..TV. ....;.
;olus
34.42
34.37
34.33
36.98
1:00:55
1:00:15
1:00:51
1:00:40 |
2:59:00
3:36:00
3:44:00
•
3:45:55
4:21:45
4:30:14
4:22:16
2:45:00
3:21:30
3:29:23
E. F. Sagar.
E. N. Walter.
A. M. Clay.
r
.. •Did not round buoy. -
The regatta committee in charge of the
race consisted of B. W. Robson, George
Turn Suden and R. R. l'Hommedleu.
{^lisl? /ttljtle.tes
BOTH BURKE
AND QUINLAN
ARE ELIGIBLE
Yale - Harvard Men
Not Protested.
— ♦ —
MAY COMPETE IN CONTESTS
— « —
ENGLISH PRESS MAKING ALL
THE TROUBLE.
— —•
Attacks on the American Team
Deplored by the Athletes of
Both Cambridge and
Oxford.
— — '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BRIGHTON, England, July 16.— The
joint commission having charge of the
forthcoming athletic contests between the
teams of Yale and Harvard and. Oxford
and Cambridge Universities at the
Queen's Club, West Kensington, London,
held its first official meeting at the Hotel
Metropoie this afternoon. The English
men came from Eastbourne and took
lunch with the Americans. Evart Wen
dell of Harvard presided and among those
present were Joseph B. Morrison, Charles ;
H. Sherrill and Holcomb J. Browne on
behalf of the Americans and C. N. Jack
son, T. C. Vaßsall and A. Hunter on be
half of the home team.
The meeting proved most satisfactory,
the greatest good feeling being displayed
on both sides. The status of Burke and j
Quintan of the American team was
roughly discussed and the conclusion ar
rived at was that no objection to them
would hold for a moment.
Mr. Jackson was very emphatic in de
nouncing the English newspapers that
originated the controversy. He asked
that it be made plain to the American
newspapers that neither he nor his col
leagues would under any circumstances
have considered any objection to either
Quinian or Burke.
"The fact that these gentlemen, Mr.
Wendell and his fellow committeemen,
who are of such high standing in ama- j
teur athletics, vouch for them is entirely
sufficient," said Mr. Jackson, "and if any j
objection should be raised again to either I
it will not proceed from the Oxford-Cam
bridge officials, and will not have the
sympathy of Oxford or Cambridge men."
The main object of to-day's meeting was
to harmonize the Anglo-American Ama
teur Athletic rules, which vary in some
minor particulars. In order that the con
tests may be carried out under conditions
that shall be indisputable it was agreed
that the hurdle races should be run un
der American conditions, over loose in
stead of fixed hurdles, and that each side
should follow its own custom in hammer
throwing. It was also agreed that the
high jump should be taken from the turf
in the center of the grounds instead of
the cinder path. Some minor details with
regard to the long jump were adjusted.
The order of events has yet to be ar
ranged. On the American side there has !
been no definite choice of the actual com- i
petitors for the 100-yard and hurdle j
races. It is possible that in these cases
alternate names may appear on the pro
gramme.
The sports will begin punctually at 4
o'clock in the afternoon, as the Prince of
Wales will be obl»ged to leave at 5 o'clock
for ids yacht in the Solent.
The committee will meet again at the
Queen's Club next Tuesday to complete
the final arrangements.
The American team did not practice to
day. The men went to church in a body
this morning, and went for a drive tnis
afternoon. To-morrow they will leave for
London, and will take their further"prac
tice at the Queen's Club.
KAISER "WILLIAM MAY
STEER THE METEOR
Rumor That He Will Participate in
the Trials of the
Shamrock.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, WW, by James Gor
don Bennett. • .. .
SOUTHAMPTON, July 16.— A rumor
that is highly incredible but which is per
sistently repeated here and finds many
believers is that the Kaiser is going to
take a run over here and steer the Meteor
in its trial with the Shamrock. Public
opinion continues to favor the idea that
the trial should be with the Meteor rather
than with the Britannia, and Mr. Fife is
one of the advocates of the proposed
change.
According to the statement of one who
saw the Shamrock in the drydock, she
has a fln . keel, which is very deep, and
runs away forward and aft. In this sne
differs essentially from the Meteor, tiie
Britannia and the Columbia, whose plans
are published* and illustrated in this
week's Yachtsman with the comment that
this publication Is from the Scientific
American. This is a strong contrast to
the secrecy that has been observed in
everything that pertains to the challeng
ing yacht.
Mv informant further adds that the keel
of the Shamrock is so small that it was
held on three blocks only. As for the
hull, it is built on the skimming dish plan,
very shallow and extrornely broad. It
will thus be seen that Mr. Fife has used
his ingenuity to produce a boat which.
I should say, would be handy for reaching
or running.
This being Sunday there was no work
on board the Shamrock, but she had many
visitors all day long.
NEWPORT. R. 1., July 16.— The New
port Yacht Racing Association to-day
gave cut the following circular: - .
"The flrst race between the Columbia
and Defender off this port under the
auspices of this association will be held
on Friday, July 21. The start will be
made from Brentons lightship at 11 a. m.
and the course will be a triangular one,
but where the marks will be has not been
decided upon.
"The date of the second race will be
announced later. '-:■'-:.;.-i"
--"The committee finds it will be unable
to furnish accommodation for the press,
as the judges' boat will be a private
yacht placed at the disposal of the com
mittee."
WHIST CONGRESS ADJOURNS.
League "Long Suit" System Adopted
as the Standard.
CHICAGO, July 16.— The ninth annual
congress of the American Whist League
came to an end early this morning at the
Auditorium Hotel. The Hamilton Club
trophy arid the championship for teams
of four go to the Buffalo Whist Club; the
Chicago Duplicate Whist Club secures the
Minneapolis trophy and the championship
for club pairs, and the American Whist
League challenge trophy becomes the
prize of the St. Paul Club. These are tne
principal trophies for which the expert
whist players have contended during the
* ■ ' . ■ - ■
tournament, the East being pitted against
the West . ■ „ _i_
The contest for the. Minneapolis- trophy
was the last to be decided. So close was
the playing of the eight pairs entered in
the contest that a difference of only 3 »
points stood between the lowest score
and that .of the winners. Thirty-eight
pairs entered the preliminaries for the
Minneapolis trophy, this " umbe * being
reduced to eight before the commence
ment of the fifty-six hands' which settled
the disposition of the prize. „ , v „„_.,_. a
Aside from the championship struggles
the most important work of the congress
was the adoption of the league long suit
system of play as the standard for cham
pionship contests. The rule prohibiting
the playing of boards for money at ne
congress was reaffirmed. Action was also
taken recognizing women as eligible con
testants. Heretofore women players nave
been permitted to share in the contests
only as a matter of courtesy.
St. Louis Victorious.
NEW YORK, July 16.— The St. Louis team
defeated the Giants at Weehawken, N. J', this
afternoon. The Westerners outplayed the
Giants at every point at the game. Attendance,
2801 Score:
' Clubs- R- H. E.
New York - J ?
St. Louis 10 " „'
Batteries— Coakley, Gettig and Warner: Mc-
Bride and Crlger. Umpires— and Mc-
Donald.
Shamrock Has Many Mainsails.
SOUTHAMPTON, July 18— The Sham
rock has four mainsails and will bend a
new one to-morrow. Yesterday's mishaps
will not delay the trial with the Britan
nia. Sir Thomas Lipton was on board at
the time, but has since expressed himself
as very well pleased with the yacht's per
formance.
COLUMBIA MARKSMEN.
Good Scores Made by Several New
Members.
The regular shoot of the Columbia Pis
tol and Rifle Club took place yesterday
at Harbor View range. Early in the day
the weather was pleasant and, although
the fog came in thick late in the after
noon, it seemed to Improve the light and
was a benefit instead of a detriment to
the shooting". The attendance was good
and several of the new members made a
spurt in their work, which was highly
satisfactory to the club. All of the shoot
ing was on re-entry matches. The condi
tions were 90-shot scores on the Columbia
target, 200 yards for fine rifle and musket
and 60 yards for small rifle, pistol and re
volver. The high scores were as follows:
Glindemann all comers' rifle medal— F. O.
Younff. 54, 56, 57; G. Mannel. 65, 68, 65, 71; G.
M. Barley, 75, 107, 118; P. Becker, 195.
Military and sporting rifle medal. Creedmoor
count— F. O. Young, 47. 46, 47. 44, 44.
Siebe all comers' pistol medal— M. Dalss,
35, 44. 45, 45.
Lewis revolver trophv— F. O. Young, 97.
Dalse small rifle medal— G. M. Barley. 20; Dr.
J. F. Twist, 23. SO. 33; G. Mannel. 3"; Mrs. C.
F. Waltham, 44.
Record scores, 50 yards, pistol J. P. Cos
grave. 63. 52. 59. 62. 48. 45, 60, 55; C. M. Dalss,
37. 44; I. Becker. 38; Mrs. M. J. White, &7; G.
Mannel. 84; Mrs. G. Mannel, 99.
Revolver— P. Becker, 84, 80, 74, 68, 72, 60, 72;
M. J. White, 6«.
Small rifle— G. Mannel. 30. 31, 33; Dr. F. D.
Chapell. 78; C. Streeter. 91; Dr. F. J. Twist, 62;
Mrs. C. F. Waltham. 46. 46; P. Patton, S3; P.
Mickle, 83.
SHELL MOUND SCORES.
Companies A and F. N. G. C, Try
Their Skill.
Shell Mound ranges were practically de
serted yesterday, though the day was per
fect from a shooting point of view. But
two companies tried their skill at the tar
gets, namely: Company A and Company
F of the Fifth Regiment, National Guard
of California, stationed at Oakland. The
scores were not quite up to the average,
as many of the marksmen were out of
practice. Following are the records of
Company A:
Corporal Poulter 43. Captain Poulter 42. A.
Meinecke 41. Lieutenant Downie 40, M. Tait 40,
J. King 40. C. Ellis 39. W. Cron 37. T. Beck
with 36, F. Peterson 36. V. Nickolfl 33, J.
.Schmitt 31, Private Poulter 28, J. Fowler 28, it.
Thelin 27, P. York 24, T. Brown 22. J. Slack 11.
The members of Company F scored as
follows in their monthly shoot:
Captain C. L. E. Wenk 41, Lieutenant W. H.
Cobbledick 41, Corporal L. E. Darling 40, R.
Hanson 40, F. G. Tvrrel 39, Corporal H. M.
Tyrrel 38. J. B. Richards 36, H. U. Bray 36, W.
Nordlund 35, Sergeant A. F. Hanson 35. D. J.
Stewart 34, A. F. Pick 34, Sergeant G. C. Han
son 32, E. O. Williams 32. A. Anderson 32,
Charles Elsen 31. H. P. Bray 29. Corporal S. J.
Grimes 29, Corporal L. R. Keller 26. ML Hal
loran 23, Sergeant J. F. Hintermeyer 22, Cor
poral H. P. Johansen 12. W. G. Smith 11.
Kipling Bitten by a Dog.
LONDON, July Rudyard Kipling's
right thumb has been bitten by a dog and
is considerably inflamed. He carries his
arm in a sling, but it is not thought the
Injury will have serious consequences.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SURE_SHOTS.
Two Kinds of Enemy Who Are
Being Conquered at Home
■ and Abroad.
«
4
I
Our boys in the Philippines and Cuba
aimed well at the enemy. With equal
precision DR. MEYERS & CO. aim at
foes that are dangerous and hard to con-
quer. ". ';
Disease and Weakness of Men.
7 77 1f you want permanent health and
strength at the earliest possible moment
and at a reasonable price, consult DR.
MEYERS & CO. They remove the cruse
of the disease or weakness and by a
thorough constitutional course of treat-
ment rebuild the entire system. Their
staff is composed of physicians of the
highest standing and their natural abil-
ity, long experience and superior facili-
ties enable them to accomplish more than
the ordinary doctor.
Men who are afflicted with Nervous
Debility. Lost Vigor. Premature Decay,
Wasting Drains. Unnatural Losses. Stric-
ture, Rupture, Varicocele, Sleeplessness,
Blood Poison, Private Diseases: or Dis-
eases of the Kidneys, Bladder. Spine,
Liver, Heart or Stomach, etc., should go
to DR. MEYERS & CO. for a speedy and
permanent cure.
PAY WHEN CURED.
Any one having the least doubt about
being cured may deposit the money in
any bank in San Francisco, to be paid
only when they are well. Payments may
be made ln monthly installments If pre-
ferred.
HOME CURES.
If you cannot call write for private book,
diagnosis sheet, free advice, prices and
other particulars. Home cures a special-, •
ty. Consultation free. No printing on
envelopes or packages.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
73/ MARKET ST., S. F.
Take fclevator to Third Floor.
I Daily. 8 to 5.
HOURS. ! Evenings, 7 to 8.
! Sundays. 9 to 11. .
R ad ways
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfe.t digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness. Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. ' 25c a box. At Druggists,
or by mall. RADWAY & CO.. New York.Alameda
A HANDFUL OF
POLITICIANS IS
HOT OAKLAND
-♦
Officials Are Under a
Delusion.
— . —
NOT ELECTED TO BICKER
— —
SERIOUS WORK DEMANDS A
LITTLE ATTENTION.
♦ —
lour Months in Office Has Not Devel
oped Any Marked Loyalty to
the Practical Republican
Platform.
Oakland Office- Pan Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 16.
A glance at the conditions at the City
Hall suggests thai one more parlor meet
ing might be held with benefit to all con- i
cerned. The precedent has been estab
lished that parlor meetings are the proper
thing, and no one doubts thai l hey
possess a vast advantage over the meet- j
ings held by former administrations in I
the rear rooms of cigar stores and
.It has just developed that at one of
these little gatherings in Dr. Pardee's
library Mr. Miller was guaranteed two
years more ln office should he be defeated
"for City Engineer. It has also come to
light that at a more recent social gath
ering around Councilman Taylor's dining
room table - me more friendly politics
was discussed. Mr. Snow, in the first
blush of his mayoralty, exchanged some
sensible Ideas with the fellow members
of his administration in Ills parlor at the
Hotel Metropoie. Mr. Rowe is slated for
a similar friendly banquet, and it is .
Mated that the example is to run all along |
: the line, although lt is not expected that
Mr. Schaffer will invite Mr. Taylor or Mr.
Miller to his banquet for reasons that
:.eed not be repeated.
This method of meeting having been
established, lt would be only right to
hold one more, where all the little differ
ences of opinion that now exist and which
are being magnified by interested parties
could be adjusted on an intelligent basis
■without loss of dignity. Surely every
body Is now convinced of the folly of
members of one municipal family rush
ing into print to air their grievances
against each other, or airing. them before
lobbies and running the risk of being
* riticized for playing to the gallery.
It will not be amiss to glance briefly at
each individual member of the adminis
tration as he stands to-day in the public
eye after nearly four months on exhibi
tion. Mayor Snow has shown just that In
dependence of action and thought that
was expected of him. In no instance has
he allowed himself to be dictated to
against his better judgment. Because of
this method of conducting his offlce he
has often been criticized, and naturally
has made some political enemies. This
is the best proof that he is not a tool ln
ihe har.ds of any individual or clique.
Little men with axes to grind have never
Just an opportunity of trying to convince
the thousands who elected Mr. Snow that
they u.ade a mistake, but they have not
succeeded and the only indictment yet
"brought against the Mayor is that his !
memory fails to recall an alleged promise
made In tiie presence of Dr. Pardee and i
< it h<-r gentlemen prior to the last election. |
Instead of all the assertions and de
nials that have appeared in print the last !
,- two weeks regarding Mr. Miller and the j
many attempts to force the Mayor to I
act against his will, it would have been '
Jar more politic and immensely more dip
lomatic to have adjusted the misunder
standing— for such it now confessedly Is— :
at a little gathering where the Interested
critic was not ln attendance.
City Attorney Dow has followed close- i
ly, the lines which he laid down and which
were laid down for him during the cam
paign. No one has ever criticized Mr.
Low's ability or energy as a City Attor- .
ney. He has mixed in little tilts with ]
the Mayor, anu it is to be regretted that
both gentlemen have occasionally inter- ]
jected remarks into their public meetings j
■ which would have been better unsaid.
This, however, does not destroy their use- !
fulness or Impair the public standing of
the gentlemen. Instead of having to be
pestefed with petty patronage, Mr. Dow,
as City Attorney, should be removed from
Fuc-h annoyances, and In .view of the
time that has been consumed in dispos
ing of the water-front cases, I believe that
• Mr.' Dow and his assistant could In all
"• these years have handled the cases as
' ably as the special attorney who drew
nich princely sums from the City Treas
, ury, for work which, to the lay mind,
.appears to be as far as ever from an ul
timate conclusion.
City Engineer Clement Is unfortunate
•■ In being a Democrat among Republicans,
although lt is understood that originally
° he was a. Republican. He certainly was
elected the first time as a "young man
candidate," irrespective of politics, but
being taken up on the Democratic ticket
against an unpopular Republican, he was
landed In offlce. it cannot be forgotten,
. ..however, that he was, only four months
: ago, still a little more popular than the
Republican candidate. Owing to the sys
tem under which he is paid, it cannot.be
supposed that Republicans will go out of
their way to help increase his salary
when he declines to follow the lines of
■ fhe- Republican programmes. It is un
fortunate that he. like the City Attorney,
' is forced Into politics through the stu
j pidity of a charter which everybody con
demns but which no one appears to have
the courage to undertake to reform.
i --«ddcnt Row* has handled the Council
-. for four months with much executive abil
■'•' ity, but he steps from the rostrum too
! frequently to take part In debates, when
••" he would perhaps be better off If he con
tented himself with mer ly recording his
vote. His many little pleasant differences
' with Mr. CuvelUer have led some to be
lieve that each is anxious that the other
should not become too prominent. Of
•course this is only pleasantry, but pleas
antry cuts a big figure in politics.
Mr. Stetson has tried to carry out some
pood ideas regarding public improvements
if the committee of which he Is chair
man. He is too much in favor of discuss
ing and redlscussing small measures,
which delay and Interfere with the prog
ress of more important ones. His friend
from the same section of town, Mr. Mott.
\rlcs frequently to expedite matters, but j
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
Mr. Stetson is perhaps a little too con
scientious for an Oakland Councilman. In
this city there is too much business for
half a dozen committee and regular meet
ings to be spent In legislation over any
single saloon license.
Councilman Girard has now on hand a
scheme for sprinkling the streets with salt
water, ar.d his ideas are being ably sec
onded by Mr. CuvelUer. The figures on
the cost of fresh water for street sprink
ling so affected Mr. Girard that he is now
regaining his equanimity hunting bear
and indulging In other exciting recreation.
He Is one of the few men in the Council
whom no one credits with making a race
for Mayor.
Mr. Upton, Mr. Barstow and Mr. Moose
are three of the most thoughtful members
of the Council and come in the same cat
egory. Neither has any pet scheme or
hobby, but each gives cartful and ju
dicious attention to whatever matter is
before him. Neither is given much to
talking, but somehow or other everything
they say is remembered and carries
weight.
Mr. Mott does not care for anybody. He
apparently cares for nothing except to
see that "the business before the Council
it attended to thoroughly and with rea
sonable expedition. He is as far removed
from sentimentalism as the" county build
ings are politically from the City Hall.
But whether lt is a saloon license or the
purchase of historic guns. Mr. Mott gen
erally says something that carries con
viction, and wastes no words In saying it.
Mr. Schaffer has been a minority of one
almost since he took office. His political
associate, Mr. Kramra. has been prevent
ed by severe sickness from attending
Council meetings till just recently. But
he and Mr. Schaffer have let it be plainly
known that they have no desire to help
Mr Miller to be retained in office as Su
perintendent of Streets. Since Mr. Tay
lor neglected to invite Mr. Schaffer to his
banquet the two gentlemen have not, so
far as known, exchanged cigars.
Mr. CuvelUer has Just met with a great
; disappointment. He does not see any rea
■ son why Oaklanders should be compelled
to pay rates for water that will produce
, interest on an amount about three times
the value of a water plant that could
| supply this city. He has spent three
months procuring data on this subject
'■ and he should feel very well satisfied with
the report he has just prepared on the
subject, although it disposes permanently
of the pet scheme he hoped to see adopt
ed. He has made the discovery that there
ls politics even in water.
Felton Taylor is the attorney of the
board. As a rule he lets the other fel
lows do all the talking and then with
professional grace ho undertakes the
cross-examination of the witnesses. Al
though an old football player, he ls not
a kicker, and although new ln politics no
one Is playing him.
These are the fourteen men who com
pose the city government and whom 'the
outs" are interested ln keeping in a
fighting attitude, so that they shall be
discredited and prepare the way for some
i more "solid sixes" when they go out of
offlce. So far this scheme has met with
• too much success, and the administration
has not fulfilled all that was expected of
j it. The couple of hundred politicians and
Interested parties who attend the meet
! Ings of the Board of Works and the City
Council, or who continually cross the path
| of city officials, are not the people by
I whom the city government was elected.
I It was elected by the thousands of peo
i ple who pay water rates, use crosswalks,
want good sewerß, appreciate good
streets, need proper police and fire pro
tection and all the other civic rights that
are to be found with good government.
These are the people who pay the taxes
that the city government expends, and it
Is these people who have the right to
demand the attention and services of the
city officials and to expect that they will
not fritter away valuable time pandering
to the petty schemes and selfish wishes
of a mere handful of politicians.
The annexed district, covering many
square miles, is crying out for sewers;
West Oakland has started a movement to
procure a wharf; Twenty-third avenue Is
anxious for a public park; West Oakland
wants its park improved; North Oakland
wants a park; Central .Oakland wants a
park; East Oakland wants Independent
square improved; the city's share of the
water front Is crying out for attention;
there is need of permanent improvement
on several highways; the City Hall prob
lem needs working out; the report of the
Fire 'and Water Committee relating to a
possible local supply of fresh water
should receive more attention than to be
"read and placed on fie." And there are
scores of ' other important measures de
manding the attention of the city govern
ment and to give attention to which it
was elected. Votes were not cast for the
successful ticket last March so that rela
tives of Councilmen might be given soft
positions in the city government, or that
any particular Individual might be placed
in a position where he can make a cam
paign to become Mayor or to go to Con
gress.
At this time It would be well for those
charged with the serious duty of govern
ing Oakland to take out the dusty plat
forms of the Republican and Municipal
League parties and read the practical
pledges which they were elected to carry
out and which they seem to have forgot,
not excepting the dollar limit tax.
STUART W. BOOTH.
Services in Oakland Churches.
OAKLAND, July 16.— Rev, Camden M.
Cobcrn, pastor of Trinity Church, Denver,
who is famous as an Egyptologist and
orator, occupied the pulpit of the First
Methodist Episcopal Church to-day, In the
absence of Rev. E. R. Dille, who, when
last heard of, was in Amsterdam.
"The evening and morning moods" was
the subject of an Interesting sermon by
Rev. Charles R. Brown to-night at tne
First Congregational Church.
Rev. Charles E. Bradt' preached 'to
night at the First Presbyterian Church on
the topic of "Youth; or. The Broad Field
of Self-Culture,"
Rev. J. T. Sunderland, pastor of the
First Unitarian Church, in his series of
sermons on the religions of poets, to-day
discoursed on the "Religion of Whlttier/'
At the Twenty-fourth-avenue Methodist
Episcopal Church to-night Rev. E. M.
Hill delivered the second sermon ln his
series on "Lessons from the life of Sam
son, discussing "Samson, the Patriot; or,
The Cowardice of the Crowd."
"Ultimate Government" was the subject
of Rev. William N. Meserve's sermon to
night at the First Baptist Church.
. At the Tenth-avenue Baptist Church to
day President H. L. Boardman of Mc-
Minnville College, Oregon, occupied the
pulpit for the last time during the ab
sence of Rev. C. M. Hill, lnls morning he
spoke of "Courage as a Crowning Glory
of Character." His topic to-night was on
"The Symbolism of the Three Crosses."
Guy W. Smith spoke at the First Chris
tian Church this morning on "The Mis
sion of the Church To-day," and to-night's
services were given up to missionary ex
ercises by the Sunday-school children.
.■ ♦ ■
The Isle of Pines has several mineral
springs with healing qualities, and has
long been regarded as a health resort-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,- JULY 17, 1899.
OAKLAND
MANY LADIES
TO AID IN THE
PASTOR'S PLANS
All Saints' Church at
Work.
— —
ARRANGING FOR A BIG FAIR
— ♦ —
IT WILL BE HELD IN THE HAY
WARDS OPERA-HOUSE.
♦
Rev. Father Lally Will Draw on Eden
Township to Help Along Many
Needed Permanent Im
provements.
»
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 16.
A special meeting of the parish of All
Saints' Church at Haywards was called
by Rev. Father Lally to make arrange
ments for procuring funds for many per
manent improvements. It was decided
to hold a big fair and to have it under
the auspices of the church in the whole
of Eden Township.
Since Rev. Father Lally has been pas
tor of All Saints' he has made many Im
provements in tne church, besides pur
chasing the parochial home, including a
beautiful residence and orchard, both of
which he has improved greatly.
The next step is now in progress. At
the meeting Rev. Father Lally presided
and aroused much interest among the
ladles, and they have started to work in
order that nothing may be left undone
that will tend to make the fair a success.
The fair is to be carried on under the
management of the pastor and lt prom
ises to be one of the greatest events of
the season. Among the interesting fea
tures will be fancy booths, a "common
sense table," refreshment tables, a candy
table and a fish pond.
Luncheon will be served at noon every
day during the fair and will be made
most inviting to all. The Haywards
Opera-house, in which the fair will be
held, is located in the business part of
town, making it a convenient place for
all to enjoy luncheon. Preparations are
also being made to make the evening
gatherings of social Interest to the young
people.
The ladles will spare themselves no
trouble and will observe the directions of
their pastor in every particular, conse
quently the fair cannot prove to be any
thing but a success, socially as ell as
financially.
The tables have been placed ln charge
of the following young ladies: Fancy
This popular pastor of Haywards
has been chosen to represent Golden
State Council at the Young Men's
Institute Grand Council, that con
venes at Santa Cruz August 2L
table No. 1, Miss Mary McKeever; fancy
table No. 2, Misses Cahlll and Stanton:
fancy table No. 3. Misses White and
Haas; fancy table No. 4, Mrs. Bella Go
larte and Miss Mamie Pann; "common
sense" table, Misses Mamie Welch and
Kate O'Neill; refreshment table, Misses
Mulvihill and Gribbin and Mrs. Hoare;
fish pond, Mrs. Mary O'Neill; candy table,
Miss Emma Strobridge. VPtf
The ladies .will' spend two months pre
paring for the big event.
Rev. John Lally has been elected dele
gate to the Y. M. I. Grand Council, which
meets at Santa Cruz August 21. He will
represent Golden State Council No. 115,
of Haywards.
RAILROAD MEN BANQUET.
Contracting Freight Agents Have an
Enjoyable Time.
The contracting freight agents of the
various transcontinental lines represented
on the coast held their quarterly ban
quet Saturday night at a downtown res
taurant and as usual it was a grand suc
cess. Thirty of the "workers" connected
with the lines sat down at table and par
took of a splendid menu which was Inter
spersed with toasts and songs.
John A. Gill, president of the associa
tion, acted as toastmaster and at his call
the following responded to toasts:
"Beauties of a Tariff," Con Roman;
"Cut Rates." William W. Brown; "Our
Absent Members," L E. Stanton; "The
New Railroad Men," O. P. Spauldlng;
"Carload Lots," Charles Thlrkleld; "You
Know Me," Charles S. Luce; "The
Ladles," H. H. Francisco.
There were songs by Floyd S. Judah,
piano selections by C. S. Luce and wit
ticisms by Joseph O'Brien and others.
Following are those who were present:
H. H. Francisco, commercial agent San
ta Fe route; John McFwlng, contracting
agent Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company; Conrad Roman, contracting
agent "Sunset route"; L. E. Stanton, con
tracting agent Chicago, Milwaukee and
St. Paul Railway; J. N. Fogarty, west
bound agent Erie Despatch; N. W. Hall,
contracting agent Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railway; Irving Wapples, con
tracting agent Texas and Paciflc Railway;
J H. O'Brien, contracting agent Chicago
and Northwestern Railway; O. P. Spauld
ing, contracting agent Great Northern
Railway; C. S. Luce, contracting agent
Southern Paciflc Company; R. G. Graham,
contracting agent Denver and Rio Grande
Railway; Frank Tlbbets, east-bound agent
Southern Paciflc Company; Matt Clark,
contracting agent Union Paciflc Railway;
W O. Johnson, contracting agent Santa
Fe Paciflc Railroad; H. D. Thlrkleld. con
trading agent Merchants' Despatch; W.
W Brown, traveling freight agent Rio
Grande Western Railway; DeWitt C. Voy.
contracting agent Chicago, Rock Island
and Pacific Railway; W. E. Hinchman,
claim agent Santa Fe route; W. S. Hore,
contracting agent Valley road; F. S. Ju
dah,. Southern Pacific Company; W. F.
Lincoln, Pullman Palace Car Company;
W. R. Alberger, chief clerk general freight
department Santa Fe route; Karl Kniess,
contracting agent Chicago, Milwaukee
and St. Paul Railway; John A. Gill, Pa
cific coast freight agent Vanderbllt lines;
W. T. Hunter, contracting freight agent
Chicago and Northwestern Railway.
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
SOUGHT DEATH
IN A DEADLY
ACID DRAUGHT
— * —
Farewell Message of
Tillie Steckmeyer.
PLAINTIVE NOTE TO "MAMMA"
— ♦ —
SWALLOWED POISON AND BAN
• FOB, THE STREET.
>
She Preferred Self-Destruction to
Continued 111 Health, but the
Doctors Think She May
Survive.
— — ♦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 16.
"I am tired of being sick all the time, so
good-by, Mamma."
After writing these words hurriedly
upon a small scrap of paper and handing
it to her little brother to give to her
mother, Miss Tillie Steckmeyer, a pretty
blonde, aged IS years, lifted a cup of car
bolic acid to her lips, swallowed a portion
of the deadly poison, then, dashing the
cup to the floor, she rushed screaming
from her home at 221 Second street, to
night, and fell on tho front doorstep.
She was carried to the Receiving Hos
pital, where Steward Borchert and Dr. W.
K. Sanborn administered antidotes and
applied the stomach pump. Miss Steck
meyer*s lips, mouth and throat are badly
burned, but she has an even chance of
recovering unless complications from tno
corrosive action of the acid set in.
Miss Steckmeyer has been the house
keeper at Dr. Crawford's residence, cor
ner of West and Twelfth streets, for some
time. When she visited her mother to
night she complained that she had suf
fered from sick headaches so much of late
that she could stand it no longer. She
said that about three months ago she
had fallen from a second-story bay win
dow at Dr. Crawford's house, and that
though she had apparently sustained no
Injuries then she had suffered much since.
This is supposed to have prompted her
attempt at self-destruction.
GREAT SHOOTING BY
LINCOLN GUN CLUB
SCHULTZ AND FORSTER MAKE
REMARKABLE SCORES.
An Exciting "Coursing Match Shoot"
for a Trophy Is Won by
Shaw.
ALAMEDA, July 16.— The members of
the Lincoln Gun Club had preat sport to
day at Alameda Point. Several novel
features were introduced into the day's
programme, Including a "coursing match
shoot," which proved to be an exciting
contest. E. Schultz and Edgar Forster
did some exceptionally fine work. Schultz
cracked 140 targets out of a possible ISO,
making 42 of them without a miss. Fors
ter's record was 95 smashes out of 100
targets.
The first event of the day was the reg
ular monthly club shoot at 25 targets.
The score follows:
Feudner 22, Sherock 21, Webb 24, Bruns 19.
Franzen 21, Bekeart 23. Price 19, Andrus 21,
Daniels 20, Eugene Forster 22, Fischer 18,
Ostronder 11 Feudner 23, Sherock 18. Edgar
Forster 23. E. Schultz 24, Shaw 19, Slade 23,
Trask 15, Lewis 12, Schultz 22.
This was followed by the coursing
match or pair shoot at ten birds. The
prize was a graphophone and was won
by Shaw. The scores:
First round— Bekeart 8, Sherock 5; Price 9.
F. Feudner 8; Bruns 10, Young 8; Daniels 8,
King 7; Fischer 8, O. Feudner 10; Edgar Forster
10 Webb 10 tie won by Forster; Mitchell 10,
Eugene Forster 8; Slade 10, Franzen 8; Schultz
6 Shaw 8; Lockwood 9, Debenham 6; V. La
Mott 7, Mlchaelson 7, tie won by La Mott;
Lewis 6. Trask 9.
Second round— Bekeart 8, Price 9: Bruns 9,
Daniels 9 tie won by Daniels; O. Feudner 8,
Edgar Forster 9; Mitchell 9, Slade 9, tie won
by Mitchell; Shaw 8, Lockwood 7; La Mott 8,
Trask 8, tie won by La Mi-*tt.
Third round— Price 6. Daniels 7; Edgar Fors
ter 10, Mitchell out; Shaw 9, La Mott 7.
Fourth round— Daniels 10. Forster 10, tie won
by Daniels. In the final Shaw defeated Daniels
by a score of 7 to 6.
The club Is arranging for a big tourna
ment to take place August 6. The Neu
stadter trophy will be contested for, and
In connection with the event will be' a
grabbag shoot. This will be followed by
a two-man championship shoot for a
trophy.
Company's G-'s First Shoot.
ALAMEDA, July 16.— Company G held
Its first practice shoot to-day eince It was
readmitted to the National Guard. The
scores were not up to the average. A
peculiarity of the result was that the
shooting of the recruits was better than
that of the old members of the company,
that of Privates Fort and Doyle attract
ing some attention. Taken as a whole,
the officers are well satisfied with to
day's shoot and are confident the men
will show up well at the butts as soon as
they get in form. The scores:
Captain Simpson 43, Anderson 38, Helmsteln
38 Pritchard 86, Horn 35, Drowning 33. Hinds
33*. Kraul 83, Perkins 32, Morton 32, St. Sure
29 Hand 29, Elliott 28, Matthals 28. Fort 27,
Btamer 26, Doyle £5, Harvey 24, Hadley 23,
Relnholdt 22, Foil rath 16. Floyd 8.
MARKED THE ALPHABET
TO TELL HIS STORY
MYSTERY OF JACK STANTON'S
INJURY SOLVED.
Man With the Broken Skull Was
Struck by a
Train.
OAKLAND, July 16.— Dr. W. S. Porter
this afternoon solved the mystery of the
injury to "Jack" Stanton, who on last
Tuesday morning walked Into the Receiv
ing Hospital to be treated for a com
pound fracture of the skull. This prob
lem had puzzled the hospital and police
authorities to that extent that theories
without end were offered.
It was seriously, supposed that Stanton
had been the victim of a murderous as
sault. Stanton himself had been unable to
explain. The injury to his head and the
subsequent operation of removing shat
tered skull bone and a portion^ of the
brain matter had impaired the nerves con
trolling the power of speech, so that the
patient could not speak a word. Yet he
realized everything that went on about
him and remained perfectly conscious.
However, he was not strong enough to
make known with pencil and paper how
he met with the Injury.
When Dr. Porter yesterday removed the
bandages from Stanton'B : head he was
well pleased with the appearance of the
wound, for it practically proved the suc
cess of the original operation. To-day the
patient showed another marked improve
ment, and though still unable to utter or
write a word, Dr. Porter determined to
learn from him the secret of his Injury-
Taking an olw calendar. Dr. Por
ter printed with a lead pencil upon the
clean back of the card the alphabet In
clear characters. He then asked the pa
tient to take the pencil and mark those
Berkeley
letters that would spell the name or char
acter of what struck him.
Stanton eagerly took the card and pen
cil, running a scratch over the letters
"TRAIN."
"Aha! That's fine," responded the sur
geon. "Now what kind of a train was it
and what time?"
The patient then made known in the
same manner that a freight train at 3
o'clock Tuesday morning had struck him.
He had tried to board the train on First
street.
Before Dr. Porter withdrew with the
card and pencil Stanton had also made
known that as soon as he had regained
consciousness after being struck by the
train he had hurried to the hospital for
treatment. When informed that he' had
even chances of recovery the' patient
made a desperate effort to speak, but
without success.
Merchants Will Fight.
BERKELEY, July 16.— Much interest at
taches to the question as to whether the
license tax recently imposed by the Board
of Trustees upon the business men of this
city is legal or not. Four arrests of prom
inent business men have been made al
ready and their cases come up for hear
ing in Judge Edgar's court to-morrow
morning. The leading merchants and ex
pressmen have combined to fight the tax,
ami they have retained Attorney M. C.
Chapman of Oakland to conduct the cases
In their behalf. The men who will be ar
raigned to-morrow are Joseph Davis.
Charles Fischel. E. H. Driggs and E. J.
Gordon.- Tneir trial will form a test case
pending which no further arrests will be
made.
MEDAL FUND GROWING.
More Than Four Thousand Dollars in
the Hands of the Committee.
The fund for the purchase of medals for
the California volunteers is rapidly grow
ing. Since the last report was made by
the committee $"51 50 has been received,
making the . total amount received up to
date $4026 40.. •."--.'
At a meeting of the committee held In
the Native Sons' building Thursday night
the contract was let for supplying the cer
tificates of service, which are to be dis
tributed to all soldiers and sailors enlist
ing in California in addition to the medals.
Secretary Frank Ryan tendered his res
ignation owing to the pressure of other
business. The resignation was accepted,
and James P. Dockery was elected to the
vacancy.
Red Men's Carnival.
A joint committee meeting of three from
each of the seventeen tribes and the three
councils of the Degree of Pocahontas, Im
proved Order of Red Men, was held in
Red Men's Hall Saturday and organized
by the election of H. Gutstadt of Modoc
Tribe president, Mrs. Jennie Welsel of Po
cahontas Council vice president, J. 11.
Hutaff of Althamas Tribe secretary and
G. S. Graham of Montezuma Tribe treas
urer. It was decided to entertain tho
Great Council when it will be in session
in August and to give a ball on the 3d of
August. The ladies of the councils will
serve lunches dally during the session to
representatives.
MttfQMSy
SEI BORNE SCHOOL
For Boys,
SAN RAFAEL.
This school will reopen on August 29, with
handsome new buildings heated by steam and
lighted by electricity. Every pupil has sepa-
rate room, choice of bedrooms on first and sec-
ond floors. Steam from outside, no furnace, no
stoves, no flues in boys' quarters. The nearest
approach to a fire-proof school. For catalogues,
testimonials and references apply to the prin-
cipal, REV. CHARLES HITCHCOCK. San
Rafael.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
MENLO PARK. SAN MATEO COUNTY. CAi.,
Is rebuilding with all modern Improvements.
Will be thoroughly equipped and begin its
ninth year August 15th. Beautiful surround-
ings, home Influences. Offers superior advan-
tage* for the care and thorough training of
boys. Accredited at the universities.
IRA O. HOITT. Ph. P.. Principal.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO. CAL.— FOUNDED A. D. 1868.
by the late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer, D.D.
For catalogue and illustrated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER, A. 8.,
Rector and Head Master.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME.
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA
Will resume studies on WEDNESDAY, August
2, 1899.
SACRED HEART ACADEMY
MENLO PARK.
CONDUCTED BY THE LADIES OF THE
Sacred Heart. Term opens August 2d. For
particulars apply to the MOTHER SUPERIOR.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day school for young
ladles. 2126 California St., San Francisco. Will
reopen August 7. Accredited to universities.
Seminary and full conservatory music. Pri-
mary department for children. Carriage will
call. REV. EDWARD B CHURCH, A. M.
MILLS COLLEGE 'AND SEMINARY.— Grants
diplomas and confers degrees. Rare oppor-
tunities offered ln music, art and elocution.
One hour from San Francisco. Write for
catalogue to Mrs. C. T. Mills. President,
Mills College P. 0.. Alameda Co., Cal.
Thirty-third year. Fall term opens August
2. 1899. _
HOLMES' College of Oratory— opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte. vocal music, piano,
violin, Journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 instructors; degrees con-
ferred day and evening classes. : Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg, S. F.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR ST. MICHAEL, GOLOVIN BAY. CAPE
NOME, DAWSON AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
The New Steamers
BERTHA AND PORTLAND
Will leave San Francisco between 15th and
20th of July for above points, making prompt
connections with our river steamers on the
Yukon River.
For freight, passage and further Information
apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
310 Sansome St., San Francisco, Cal.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YOBK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. ';-.
From New York Evei-y Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul July 19 St. Paul August 16
New York.... August 2 New York.... August 2-1
St. Louis August 9 St. Louis August JO
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Friesland July 19 J Westernland ...Aug. 9
Adrla July 28 Kensington Aug. 16
Southwark ..August 2'Noordland ......Aug. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding !relght and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
SO Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies. .
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 ___m__JUnr ST. Established
in 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
diseasewearingon bodyandmindand
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fiJL Try him. Charges low
(.'iircKgosrnnterd, Ci J! or write
Or. 4, li". wIBBONi Box 1957, Francisco
AUCTION SALES.
CHAS. LEVY & CO.,
Auctioneers and Commission Merchants.
Salesroom. 1135 Market St., Bet. 7th and Sth.
THIS DAY.
MONDAY, July 17, 1889, at 11 o'clock a. m.,
at private residence, 1230 POST ST., corner
Franklin, we are instructed to sell one Grand
Chickering Piano, Superior Parlor Upholstery.
4 Upright Mirror-front Folding Beds, Mantel
Mirrors, Odd Bureaus, Best of Mission Blankets
and Bedding, Cherry and Oak Book Cases,
Chiffoniers. Sideboards, Single-door Armoires
and Wardrobes, English Body Brussels Carpets
throughout the house. Extension Tables, Chairs.
Crockery and Glassware, Silverware, Cutlery
and other Household Goods too numerous tv
mention. CHAS. LEVY & CO., Auctioneers.
P. S.— For full partciulars see Chronicle and
Examiner.
AUCTION SALE!
_£*$ *T$ £___$
THURSDAY, July 20.' a- 11 o'clock.
At GREAT WESTERN HORSE MARKET,
310 GOLDEN GATE AYE..
I will sell at public auction 60 head of draft
ami driving horses, suitable for all purposes.
This stock is in fine condition an,', will be sold
without limit or reserve.
- --■ ■ ' S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
OCEAI* TKAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
fchfc Steamers leave Broadway
'\»ffls»_»__ wharf. San Francisco:
_ K__S___--_to_. F° Alaskan rts, Broadway
l«B^ -wharf, San Francisco:
flpKajrateL For Alaskan p rts, 10 a. m..
3 Bs*^_£3S£'?-5* July 15> 20 - 2r '- :10, AuEllst 4 -
'll K$L EsM^SSe. change at Seattl?.
1 £*57v23% ail ' For Victoria. Vancouver fB.
i_M___l__M. '"■'>. r>,,rt Townsend. ..oatt'.e.
If^EiCWaJNWI Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
** 10 a. m.. July 15. 20, 25, 30.
August 4, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. -
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., July
13, 18. 23. 28, August 2. and every fifth day
For* Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, I
K,,r Santa Cruz. Monterey, ban .Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., July 15. 19. 23. 27. 31. Au-
gust 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port j
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. ■
m., July 13, 17, 21. 25. tt, August 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. . """-■' . . 
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET IU'TiCE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at '• a. in.
CADC 812 First Class Including Berth
IAnC S8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails July 22.
State of California sails July 17, 27.
Short line to Waila Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
030 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
PACIFIC COASTJTEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMER UMATILLA,
Sailing from San Francisco JULY 15,
Will connect at Seattle with the North Ameri-
can Trading and Transportation Company's 1
steamer Roanoke for ST. MICHAELS. GOLO-
VIN BAY CAPE NOME and all points on ths
YUKON RIVER.
Through rates quoted, through tickets soil, j
through bills of lading given.
TICKET OFFICE. 4 New Montgomery st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. Pan Francisco
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mall Steamshlos
: Sail from New York Every Saturday f.>*
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage, .$5O and upward.
Second- Cabin
City of Rome. $35. Other Steamers, $30.
Steerage Passage
Rome. $25.50. Furnessla, $24.50. Other
Strs., $23.50.
For Book of Tours and Information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS,
General Agents. 7 Bowling Green. New York.
Or J. F. FUGAZI. 5 Montgomery St.,
Or 1.. F. COCKROFT. 11l Montgomery St.,
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery St..
BAN FRANCISCO.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hloga), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Saturday. July 22
HONGKONG MARU... ...Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
P___in_ttMl The S. S. Australia
EUWir.snils for Honolulu
[•E"""" B^» Wednesday, July 26,
M ™ ' at 2p. m.
(__/^ i • A 8. S. Moana sails \
ipanrchinJ -,a Honolulu and
liWillUllll/ Auckland for Sydney
(cHWmDX^ Wednesday, August 9,
\J\\ I at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,-
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia. India. Suez, j
England, etc.: $610 flrst class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St
COMPAONIB GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
bailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. S___fi_S<£_
from Pier 42. North River, foot of — — "-*
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE. July 22: LA GAS-
COGNE. July 23; LA TOURAINE, August 5;
LA CHAMPAGNE, August 12; LA BRE :
TAGNE, August 19. First-class to Havre. $65 j
and upward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip. ;
Second-class to Havre. $45, 10 per cent reduction
en round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO.. Paclflc Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye. , San Francisco. ". :
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular stumers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main SO5.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 3
p. "m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE SOc
RAILROAD TRAVEIi.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. -7\ (
Commencing April 23, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ;
•1:45, 3:20. 4:00, •C:00, f:3O p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on I'ondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »9:00, »10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, »1:46, '2:20, »4:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM. SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:25, »6:40. 7:55, 8:10, •'.0:20
a. m.; 12:30. 2:15, *3:40. 1:35, 5:15 p. m. r ; • :
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:10 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:00, ♦8:00. »9:45. »10:45. "11:45
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20, »3:30, »5:15. •6:00. 7:00. 10:15
p. m. .
Trains market (•) run to San Quentin. i
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO."
WEEK DAYS — 6:15, 6:60. 7:55, 8:55, 10:35
a. m.; 12:35, 2:45, 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m. 7jawiiiiM»tß
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1:20. 2:10. 3:55, 6:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m. -
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week Cazadero ; and way sta'ns.
1:20 o. m. Saturdays Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
. Point Reyes and way stations.
• 1:00 a. m. 'Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'na.
1 1:4!' p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and .way ata'ns.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
'TIIKKS V AVIV IV COMPANT.
(PACIFIC BVHTKM.)
Trail) lenve nml »«•«' tint* lo nrrlve Mi
.SAN IK.4S(:iNC».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
leave — From June 25, 1899. — arrivb
7:OOa Ilenicia, Suisuu and Sacramento.... 5:43p
7:Ot»A Marysvillo. Orovillo and Redding via
Woodland »:4.1i»
7sooa Elmira. Vacaville ami Runisey S:4sp
7tBOA Martinez, Saultaniou, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga ami Sauta Rosa 65 1. 1f
S:OOa Atlantic BJtpceSS, Ogden and East.. 0:43 a
BiIMIa Sail Josb, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placerville,
Marysville. Chico. lied Ulull 4«1.1f
8:30 a •Milton. Oakdalcand Sonora 4: Lie
UjSOa Yosemite Valley via Oikdale and
Chinese * '■ • ? *
9:OOa Huywards, Niles and Way Stations. I li4*>__
. fetOOA. Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced anl Fresno 12:13p
9itt»A Fresno^ IJakcrslielil. Santa llurimia,
Los Angeles, Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6i43p
10:00 a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7iM_P
1 1:00.\ Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. «:45f
12:OOu Niks. Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Pcrtervillo 4:15f
•liOOp Sacramento ltlvor Steamers *8:00p
8:OOt< Haywards, Nil: 3 and Way Stations. 3543f
l:»»«»r Martiuex, Ban Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Onllstoga, Santa Itoaa I»il3a
4:00r Benicia, Vacaville, .Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing.
Marynville, Orovillo 10:43*
4x3op Nile?, San Jose and Stockton 7:13p
- 4:30p Yosemit'* Sleeping Car for Raymond 13:13*
3:00 The Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Rakers-
field, Saugus (or Sauta Barbara.
Los Angeles 9:45
UMI Stockton, Merced, Fresno ia:l5F
SxitOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno.
Mojavo and I.os Angeles 8«4,1__
OiftOp Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and Mast 0:43p
•■•Op Chicago-San Francisco Special. Ogden
and Mast 8:13p
•:OOp Haywards, and San Jose 7:13 a
•tttooi- Vallejo iaasF
7>OUp Oregon Repress, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland, Pnget
Hound and Fast 7t 15a
{8:00p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions...; HO'"***
COAST DIVISION (Narrow «auße).
(Foot of Market Street.) __
17:13 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations 18:08#
8: IBi. Newark, Centervllle.San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Oruz and Way
Stations 7 3«5«»
*8:15p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton. Boulder XJreek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •I0:5»__
4tl3p Sau Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions. 0:20*
13p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sia-
tiong /9:20 A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmSlN raifiGlSCO— foot of Harktt Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:03 *2:00 13:00
•4:00 16:00 •6:03 P.M.
IrimOiKlAllD— Foot of Broadwsr.— -0:00 8:00 10:00a.H.
tI2:CQ *1.00 12:00 '3:00 11:00 »S:Qop.m.
COAST IMVISION (Brood Uaiige).
(Third and Townsend St-*.) ■
••:10a Ocean View. South San Francisco.. •0:80p
•7:OOa San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) *B:©o_t
{7>3oa Sunday Fxcursion for Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grovo and Principal Way
Stations JS:33»
•iOOa Han .lose, Ties Pinos. Snnta Cruz,
Pacifio Grove. Paso Rubles, Han
Luis Obispo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
1«:40a San Jose ami Way Stations 0:33*
11i30a San Jnse and Way Stations IiSOP
•il:4spSau Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Hun .lose,
Hollister, Sauta Cniz. Salinas.
Monterey end l'aclllo Grove *10:88 a
■StSOp San Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stiiiiuns *7:80p
•■l:l3p San Joaeaml Principal Way Stations 0:43*
Jose and Principal Way stations *&:35a.
B:30p San Jus*, and Principal Way Stations *9:OOi_
6:30r Josbriiil Way Stations 5:30p
1 1 1 : 4 •"» 1 • San Jose ami Way Stations t~'«iOe
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
•Sunday excepted. I Sunday only. t Saturday only.
(Saturday and Sunday- /Sunday and Monday
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Poot of Market St, -
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O,' 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
>:SO, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trlj»
•it 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— E:.tra trips at 1:6*)
and 11:30 p. m. . r^
BUNDAYS— B:OO, »:80. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:30. 11:10 a. m.; 12:15,
3:10, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Ks tra trips at
1:15 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:45,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Franoisoo and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as abeve.
Leave i Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect I San Francisco. :
. April 16, I- .— ■ •
Week Sun- 1599. I S'n- Week
Days. days. Destination. ' days. Days.
_ -J j .
T:3O am] 8:00 am Novato. 10:10 am, 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am, Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am,
6:1. pin 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 8.80 pm.
J Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor, 10:26 an*
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
!:Jopm 8:00 ami Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pta
7:80 am Hopland and 10:25 an
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
1:30 am [ 10:15 mm
j 8:00 am Guerneville, 7:35 pm
1:30 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, j 6:05 pm 6:20 pru
7:30 am! 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 6:00 pml I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Eprlngs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville,
Boonevllle, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Wlllltts, Laytonvllle, Cum-
mlng*s, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'f, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all pointa
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street. \
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQIHR
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1599, trains will run as follow*.
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Statlona. Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd I Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:10 pm 1:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm, Fresno 9:80 ami 2:42 pm
11:38 am! 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 1 11:00 am
11:69 am 8:25 pm Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
, 12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 6:50 am 1:06 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points aa required
Fr*r particulars of stage and other connection;
Inquire at Traftlc Manager's Office, £31 Market
street, San Franclaco. _____
j MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
1 leave San Francisco, via Sausailto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1599.
WKEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
! Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in 8. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8, 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:80
and 4 p. m.
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
I- T.HOS coax. A SON. Atrta.. 621 Market _*_.
78
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery treet,
corner Clay; oren until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
CS9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
1526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until '■' o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES. jj
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16. K. <*_*-,£ I
• T., Golden Gate building. 625 Sutter V*f ■
St.— Stated assembly THIS EVENING, |li,
at S o'clock. All fraters are courte- N^ •
ously invited. . ! '
J. C CAMPBELL, Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder. I
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal _/*„
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING TtJf
Business only. W*&_l /Nr '
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. •
M— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, atji
7:30 o'clock. 3 D. Master Masons cor- jCjf
dially Invited. By order of the W. M. /V' ' -
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec. | I
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— «~
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _** '
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First De- Tt__K -
gree. By order of the W. M. /NT* 1
H. C. BUNKER, Secretary pro tern. !
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260. F. and ■ ! .
A. M., Franklin Hall, 1539 Fillmore _£%_ I
Third Degree THIS .MONDAY. Xif
EVENING, at 7 o'clock sharp. By or- /NT N ■
der of the Master.
. HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The Rlsdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works — The annual meeting of the ;
' stockholders of the Rlsdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, for the election of trustees for the i
ensuing year and the transaction of such
' other business as may be brought before the i
meeting, will be held at the offlce of the com- ■
pany. southeast corner of Beale and Howard ,
■ Bts., San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 7th ! •
day of August, 1899, at 11 o'clock a. ra.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary. j
THE California Debris Commission, having re- |
ceived an application from H. W. Tanger- !
man to mine by the hydraulic process In the
Clinton placer mine, at Clinton. Amador Coun- i
ty, and to deposit tailings In Jackson Creek. i
gives notice that a meeting will be ■ held !
at room 59, Flood building, San Francisco, ,
Cal., on July 31. 1599, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of tha San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Company i
will be held at the offlce of the company. No. I
821 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.. on ;
TUESDAY, the 18th day of July. 1899. at the j
hour of 2 p. m.. for the purpose of electing a i
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing I
. year, and the transaction of such other busi- j
ness as m.iv com? before the meeting.
' ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
MEETINGS I'nlversnl Brotherhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society in America— lnterna- !
tional Brotherhood League. Tuesday night. j
"The Pariahs of Society," Mrs. M. E. Foun-
tain and Dr. J. A. Anderson. Academy of
Sciences Hall. .19 Market street.
ACCOUNTANTS.
K. K. BALLARD, 4** l Cal: st., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations __ firms, ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER- G. Ma- i
gu'.re (ox-Congressman) and James L. Galla- | ■
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have 1
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 825-865 Market st.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; . !
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ">.. Market St.. opp. Mason. j •
L. S. CLARKE— Fmma Spreckels building. 927 |
Market: consultation free: no fees In advance. -
BOARD AND ROOMS. '
AT 415 First St.- Nicely furnished rooms, with I
board. $5 a week up; Swedish home: parlor.
ATLAS. 1001 Sutter— New. "beautifully furnished
sunny suites, single r., reas.; board optional. ' -
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market— Bailor, 2 bed- j
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op. ' ■
O'FARRELL, 742— Large front room; running .
water; home King; also single rms., $20 up. i ■
POWELL, 309 motel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq— Restaurant, dining rm.; .en. for lunches.
BUTTER. ll2S— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden; home cooking.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
]_ pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. '
. t
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED. I
TOUNG man desires board with a Christian j
family for about $3 a week; must be ln the ; ',
vicinity of the Young Men's Christian Asso- j
elation. Box 4973. Call office. |
i UNFURNISHED rooms and board; man arid , '
2 boys J. L. M.. 367 A St., Oakland. .
BOARDING FOR CHILDKEN.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board; use of I
piano. 305 Bartlett st.
CHILD boarded for $8 per month; good home.
Box 4569. Call.
REFINED, experienced nurse has a comfort- !'
able home for infants; $10 mo. 531 A Castro st. I
— ■
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged. j
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third, i
BUSINESS CHANCES.
BATHHOUSE at Redding; 3 bath rooms and
living rooms; rent $25; cost $1000; will sell i
for $650; flrst-class chance for a barber. Call [ •
R. G. WILKE <"' ; Market st.
A s4so; DRY goods, notions and fancy store,
with living rooms; rent $14; good paying;
stock worth the money; owner to leave. R.
G. WILKE, 906 Market St.
A— DEATH of owner cause of great sacrifice:
saloon with mercantile lunch; established
years; rent free; splendid paying; lease, close
to Market and Second sts . Investigate at "
once. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— 1600; SALOON, about 60 feel from Call build-
ing; rent $60; doing a good paying business;
owner to leave the city. Call R. G. WILKE, [ .
906 Market st.
$8000— CORNER grocery and bar; very best lo- i
cation, few blocks north of- Market and Jones
sts.; flrst-class cash custom; horse and :
wagon; owner to make a trip to Europe cause '
of sale. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 906 Market. i ,
A— sBso; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis-
sion; living rooms; rent low; lease; a
first-class paying place; no better otter for I
man and wife. Call R. G. WILKE, 606 Mar-
ket st.
A— MILLINERY store at great bargain; sick- ,
ness cause of sale. COWING A CO.. 995 Mar-
ket st.
A— SALOON on corner; near Market St.; cen-
trally located; must sell. COWING A CO.,
995 Market st.
TEN acres flne fruit land; will sell or ex-
change for business. COWING & CO.. 995
Market St.
FINE steam laundry; best In the city; must be I
sold. COWING A CO.. 996 Market St.
$760— LODGING-HOUSE, 40 rooms; cheap rent |
and lease ; departure cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN A CO.. TWA Market St.
PARTNER wanted In saloon requiring the
attention of i men; part cash If desired. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & <* 777 ft Market st.
$150— STATIONERY and book store; bargain.
Mclaughlin ft co., ma Market St.
$250— PARTNER wanted in saloon requiring the j
attention of 2 men; part -ash If desired. Mc- '
LAUGHLIN A- CO., 777 ft Market st.
PARTIES wishing to sell their businesses— l ;
have a list of buyers on hand for all kinds of i
businesses. EITEL, 1008 ft Market st.
I HAVE a list of good-paying grocery stores, j
saloons, bakeries, coffee houses, restaurants, !
hotels, merchandise, etc.; sold and exchanged.
Call and set my list. EITEL, 1008 ft Market.
STORE— Coffee, tea, crockery and notions, at
1128.4 Folsom st. very reasonable. Apply at I
1176 Harrison st.
FIRST-CLASS locality for fruit and poultry in !
market; complete fixtures. Post St., near La- i
guna.
BUSINESS chances sold and exchanged; Insur- '
ance placed; money loaned on real estate se- '
curity; collections promptly made. If you j
have a business to sell bring it to M A
BROOKS, 12 Golden Oafs aye.
ART saloon for sale, Including Jap statue ]
$150,000 .one hundred and fifty thousand dol- j
lars); will sell saloon, lease, stock, fixtures,
works of art, etc., much less, of course; no
letters answered.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale ln one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
. ticulars inquire at this offlce.
A BLACKSMITH shop; country; clearing over
$150 per month; bargain. Address Mrs. E.,
391 Fifth st.
GOOD paying saloon in the business center of
city. Inquire Rathskeller, . 644 California st.
SHOE store and repairing for sale cheap, with
or without stock. Nineteenth and Castro sts.
SALOON and flat 6 rooms, opposite two rail-
road depots. 721 Davis st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$225— COFFEE saloon; principal street; near
Market st.; established 15 years: place Is a
mint ; trial given. M. LESS & CO.. 766 Mkt.
COFFEE saloon and chop house, oppo-
site ferry; crowded during meal hours; steady
run all day; old established place; well fur-
nished; a good paying business Al bargain.
M. LESS A CO.. 765 Market st.
$2000— CORNER grocery and bar; living rooms;
horse and wagon; unexceptional location;
value ln stock and fixtures: best class cash
custom; big bar trade; proof furnished. M.
LESS i- CO., 765 Market st.
$125— CIGAR store; principal street; central;
value ln sight; splendid business; actually
given away, investigate; satisfy yourself. M.
LESS & CO.. 765 Market st.
$600— CORNER saloon; heart city, near Market I
st.; stock, fixtures and monthly Income would ;
justify Investment of $1200; trial given; no ,
better proof; rare offer. M. LESS A CO.. 765 j
Market st. j
MILK ranch: city limits; 32 cows, 3 horses, j
wagons, etc.; large poultry business in con- !
nection; old established concern; 22 cans milk; I
private trade, owner has made a fortune I
there; place Is coining money to-day; full in- ;
vestigation If you mean business; must sell. i
M LESS A CO., 765 Market st.
$460— SALOON and lunch house; good part city; I
9 rooms. Inc. furniture; roomers pay more
than rent; big bar trade. LESS & CO., 765
Market.
$350— AURA.NT and oyster house: pros- |
perous town of State; value In sight; good I
business; practically without competition; I
bargain. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
PARTNER, small capital, to open oyster and
chop house; money to be spent in business;
no experience. Box 4961, Call office.
$200— SALOON with good business. Inquire 636
Third st. - . VV" -•.
OATMEAL MILL FOR SALE—
Well located in New York, with well-known
trade mark and most approved machinery.
Apply to the Cereals Manufacturing Com-
pany, 5 and 6 Atlantic Dock. Brooklyn, N. Y.
MILK and chicken ranch; $2000 cash, balance
on time; a fine-paying property across the
bay: will pay for Itself ln a short time; in-
cludes land. 15 cows. 200 chickens, house,
barn, orchard, etc.; retiring on account of
old age; no agents. Particulars, address box
4655, Call offlce.
WANTED— Capable man with $2000 cash to
oarry stock of goods and manage branch busi-
ness; $150 per month and expenses; also extra
percentage; permanent position; references re-
quired. HENRY VERNON, Boyce building,
i'hicago. _■___■_
$750 — WANTED, a good business man as part-
ner In an old-established fruit and produce
commission house In wholesale district; refer-
ences given and required. For further particu-
lars address box 4a64, Call office.
$2000— GROCERY, general merchandise, hay
and grain; horse and wagon; cause of sale,
mining. Address Call branch offlce, San
Jose, Cal.
FOR Coffee, tea. crocke y and notion
store for sale; must be sold soon as possible;
cause sickness: a very good chance; stand 14
years; no agents. Apply 1176 Harrison st.
FOR — Coffee, tea, crockery and notion
store for sale; must be sold soon as possible;
cause sickness; a very good chance; stand 14
years; no agents. Apply 1176 Harrison st.
CLOTHING, boot and shoe and furnishing
goods business in thrifty condition", 50 miles
from San Francisco; flne climate and good
business point. Box 4865. Call office.
RESTAURANT in vicinity of Market and 3d
sts.; $700; installment plan; trial given; rare
opportunity. Apply .27 Mission st.
FOR SALE— Bottle beer establishment; does a
cash business of $2000 per month. Address
box 4567. Call office.
SHOE shop; pays well: low rent: good prices;
must be sold; make offer. 332 Bush st.
RESTAURANT— Must be sold in 10 days; owner
leaving the city. Apply Call office.
FOR sale With 6 years' lease, grocery and
bar. Post and Devisadero sts.
FIRST-CLASS grocerj- and bar. Inquire Call
office.
WANTED— for good-paying butcher shop;
removed to country. Apply 320 ft Shotwell st.
$150— FOR sale, a small oyster place. 525 Pine
street.
WANTED— Cigar store within 4 blocks of Em-
porium. Call saloon, 777 Market st.
SALOON with good business ln good location.
NABER, ALFS & BRINE, 323 Market St.
FOR sale — A fruit store, with horse and wagon;
paying business. 209 ft Second St.
TWENTY-SECOND and Castro sts.— Store fix-
tures for groceries and bar. Key 125*. Mission.
SALOON and lunch house for sale at 160 First
St., corner Natoma; no agents.
GROCERY and bar; well stocked: cheap. Ap-
ply WICHMAN. LUTGEN & CO., 320 Clay st.
HAIRDRESSING store; good stock and fix-
tures; must sell: sickness. Box 4591, Call.
TO sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap-
ply ,W. B. DENNISON. 7S3ft Market St.
SALOON and 6-room lodging house, completely
furnished, for sale. 80 Jackson st.
$1 50—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL !
A. BLEY. 511 Sacramento st.; tel. Main 1836.
GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San
Pablo aye., Oakland; no agents.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A COS. 415 Sacramento st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale cheap Second-hand lumber wagons
by H. F. GRINNELL. 125 Steuart st. '
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc., cheap. EGAN A SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN You become disgusted with pcor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES.
300 McAllister St.. cor. Ijtrkln; tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. 8. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned. 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS:
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Offlce and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIR ANTS. BBSS
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offlces. 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings, $1; diagnosis free.
WONDERFUL success; Mme. Cllngman, from
New York; scientific palmistry, astrologist;
readings, SOc and $1. 613 Tenth St.. Oakland.
t MIPS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
! palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
i present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 12.
1 MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 26c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
! CONSULT on matters ot business health and
happiness LAJHI, the Psychic. I_OA Eddy st.
I MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 2.7*- up. 5 Fourth st.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
i YOUR future told by cards, 25c ; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St., room 6.
1 MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 26c.
I MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
I * band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
: COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; newly renovated;
modern; Presidio Heights; 407 Laurel st.
MADISON A BURKE.
SUNNY cottage of 4 rooms and bath and base-
ment. 919 Capp st. —
j FOR sale or to let— or 3 cottages in perfect
! order cheap: key at 1422 Montgomery st.
I —^ — — — — ____________-__i — _______ __— — _____p»
DENTISTS.
j A-ambTb^sT^HiGG I NS'"I *en t-U~Pariors?~927
I Market st., over Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work, at reasonable prices; pure gold-
' filling, from $1; other fillings, from DOc;
plates, from $4 60; flesh colored plates, from
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
. (per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new Mesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber; warranted for 20 years;: crown
and bridge work teeth, without a plate; fill.
ings. 50c; crowns, $3 60; plates, full set, $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 21 Sixth at.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 17, 1899.
DENTISTS.
AT7he~EIScTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
. without plates our specialty; gold- crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; #f-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 flrst
prlus; no students; guaranteed 12 yearr.
FULL set of teeth, $4; flilings, 25c up; gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission St.. cor. Bth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: -gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. S5O Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
387 GEARY Dresses made. $5 up: dresses
made over; perfect fit; organdies and lawns.
EDUCATIONAL
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers; day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin. Journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 16 instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary -for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg., S. F.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as' teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arehi.; day and eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
ANYONE can learn to operate typesetting ma-
chine; $4 to $5 per day on dally papers. BY-
RON RING, 614 Sacramento st.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
dayandnlght; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
THE Studio, 1033 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet, English and German, 60c lesson.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons. $5 mo. 514 Hayes st., top flat.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher; ten
years' experience; EOc an hour. 620 Eddy st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College, 305 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Agency; all kinds |
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56. |
ORI'HEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl- j
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1»21. |
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FemaIe. I
SWEDISH housegirl. with- 4 years' reference;
first-class cook and laundress. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; good cook and house-
worker; city or country; $12 to $15. MRS.
NORTON, 713 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child; good cook and house-
keeper; -ages no object. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutler st.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day.
Address or telephone MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
NEAT ting girl desires situation as nurse or j
second girl; $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 323 .
Sutter st. * ,
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situation; j
best references; city or country. MISS CUL- ,
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 NEAT young houseglrls; 2 years last, places; j
best references; can be seen in our office i
Monday morning; good home mote than I
wages. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. |
GOOD woman, flrst-class, wants work by the ;
day; willing to work; can do most anything; \
n<<eds work now; reliable and honest; $1 and :
car fare. 276 Jessie st., near Fourth, first ;
floor, downstairs, room 1.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged Swiss-German
lady, speaks English, wishes place to take
care of children; trustworthy; handy with
sewing; or go out nursing. 916 Howard, r. 17.
WOMAN wishes position as cook; hotel or
boarding house; city or country. 267 Steven-
son st.
COMPETENT German girl, first-class cook, j
wishes position in private family. 410 Frank-
lin st., near Fulton.
COMPETENT, good cook wants position; pri-
vate family: references. Call 11 William st., j
off O'Farrell, near Jones.
GERMAN woman wants washing. Ironing and
housecleanlng by the day. Please call 65 Te-
hama st., bet. First and Second.
EXPERIENCED typewriter and stenographer
wishes situation; best of references; wages
no object. Box 4668, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German cook, perfect In
kitchen and housekeeper, wishes situation
In good house: speaks only German. Address
403 Ninth St., Oakland.
POSITION wanted as nurse for child or inva-
lid's nurse, or sewing maid. Address MRS.
F. D., 137 Buchanan St.
NEAT, reliable woman, aged 28, wishes posi-
tion as working housekeeper or cook; good
reference; city or country. Address 423 Bush
St.. room 8.
ELDERLY woman wants work by the day.
Box 4949, Call office.
WANTED— A permanent position as book-
keeper, stenographer or office assistant; can
furnish references. Address box 4638, Call.
AN experienced nurse will go out to confine-
ment cases or will nurse an invalid. Ad-
dress 698 Thirty-fifth St.. Oakland.
COMPETENT woman wants work by tha day;
washing, ironing, cleaning. 120 Wlldey aye.,
between Bush and Pine.
WANTED— By thoroughly competent and ex-
perienced Eastarn dressmaker, sewing by day
in private families; good references. Address
I. S.. box 775, Call office. Oakland
GERMAN girl would like a situation to do
general housework. Call 233 Chattanooga st.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 150 Fourth St., rooms 12 and IS.
YOUNG woman desires a position to take care
of children while traveling in return for fare
to New York. Havre or Paris; best refer-'
ences. Call or address ICO2 Webster, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by good German cook to
do cooking and some housework; country
only. 348 Third st. y
NEAT girl wishes a place; upstairs work or
assist In housework and children. Call 2120
Lombard st., near Fillmore; call 2 days.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houseclean-
lng washing or ironing; handy with sewing.
2245 Mission st.
LADY of 20 years' experience from kinder-
garten to normal desires a situation as day
governess. Box 314, 'Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED
PROF. WAGNER'S - Employment Agency,
'phone Red 3211. 315 Stoc on St.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 414 ft O'Farrell st.; tel. East 424.
FIRST and second cook. German,- English,
French and Hungarian style; flrst-class pas-
try; city or country hotel; references. 242
Natoma St., basement.
ELDERLY, active man wants situation on
private place as gardener, etc.; moderate
wages; iirst-class city references. Gardener, .'
box 4966, Call office.
BARBER, good workman, wants steady place;
city or country; wages $10. Address box 4968,
Call offlce. ■ ■
AS bartender, by a , respectable middle-aged
man, with best personal references from first-
class house. Bartender, , 87 Third st.
JAPANESE young man. speaks English well,
wants a position as waiter or houseworker In
nice family. K. FURUTA, 1808 Polk st.; tele-
phone Polk 422.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do plain
cooking for family in city or country. 431 '
Stevenson st.
ALL-AROUND mechanic, used to manufactur-
ing and general repairing; thorough; techni-
cal knowledge. , Address box 4637. Call office.
WANTED— sober. Industrious married man,
position as salesman for cigars and tobacco;
city and bay towns; commission or salary.
Box 4633,' Call office. .
A MILKWAGON driver (23) with 3 years' city
experience; good driver; Al reference; state
particulars. Box 4538, Call.
BARTENDER wishes position; thoroughly un-
derstands drawing beer. Box 4635, Call. .
RELIABLE young man wants any kind of
work for the mornings. Box 4651. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man 'with best of references
wants position as Janitor, porter or assist-
ant; single. Box 4647, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED
YOUNG man of Christian character, obliged to
leave his trade for reasons of health, wishes
permanent situation with light duties, where
fidelity and trustworthiness are first essen-
tials. Address C. H.. box 634. Station B.
Oakland. .
YOUNG man desires position as clerk In gro-
cery and barroom; speaks German and Eng-
lish; steady habits: good reference. Address
J. E. 8.. 304 Chattanooga st
ATTENDANT— Competent nurse wishes to take
care of invalid gentleman; mental case pre-
ferred; wages reasonable. Address F. M.,
box 4548. Call offlce.
ATTENDANT to Invalid or nurse by experi-
enced nurse and masseur: willing to travel;
terms very - moderate. Box 4666, Call offlce.
BUTCHER, practical meat cutter, wishes work
in restaurant, hotel or shop. L. G. ALLAN.
121 Morris aye. ,
YOUNG man, handy with tools, wishes to
learn the carpenter trade. Box 4542. Call.
WANTED— Situation as clerk. Address box
4656. Call offlce. g'i* 5-yV f
POSITION as Janitor, day or night watchman;
'first-class references. Box 4672.' Call offlce.
YOUNG man (Swedish) wishes situation in a
private place as porter; last place over 7
years; best of references. Box 4649, Call.
HANDY young man wants work: understands
care of horses and general work. C, box 4647,
Call office. .■;-■'.
WANTED— Position as night watchman by
married man, aged 48; references. A. WEIN-
GENT, 916 Howard st.
WANTED A position as pianist or accom-
panist. Address 323 Day st.
EXCHANGE.
$4000— 8-ROOM cottage, modern; fine location.
$5600—2, 6 room modern cottages, well located:
all In Alameda: exchange for fruit ranches.
GERMAN-AMERICAN, 34 Kearny st.
FOR sale or exchange— looxloo; business corner
In heart of city; partly Improved. GEO. W.
H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
MAYERLE'S eye water; a new discovery for
weak, sore. Inflamed, Itching, watery, burning,
painful and overstrained eyes and nerves; by
mall SOc. German Optical Institute. 1071% Mar-
ket, S. F. Wanted— Reliable agt ln every State.
FLATS TO LET.
AT NW. oorner Sutter and Scott; rarely beau-
tiful; appreciated If seen; six rooms; glazed
porch; reasonable: water free; Investigate.
ADELAIDE place, 8. off Taylor, nr. Post—
nice sunny rooms: clean and bright
BUSH. 1209%— Flat. 4 rooms; rent $10; water
free. Apply 12118 Bush st.
CHOICE corner flat. 1436 Ellis st., 7 rooms aiid
bath; sun in every room: rent low. Apply
MADISON A BURKE. 626 Market st.
ELEGANT bay-window; 6 sunny rooms, bath.
735 Minna st., near Ninth.
FINE flat. 5 rooms and bath; all modern im-
provements and cellar. 223 Fourteenth st., be-
tween Mission an.l Howard.
FINE corner flat, 7 rooms; all modern Improve-
ments; yard; cellar; sun all day. 118 Web-
ster St., near Haight.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FULTON,' 146— Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16.
HANDSOME corner flat, with or without car- ]
" pets. 435 Buchanan st.
HARRISON. 704. near Third— Nice comfortable
sunny flat. 6 roonis and bath; $16.
HAVES. 6.6—D ouble flat of 8 rooms and bath;
yard, garden.
LAGUNA, 824— The St. James Apartment
House— Furnished or unfurnished; light
housekeeping.
MODERN flat. 4 rooms and bath; rent $18.
1807 Eddy street, near Scott.
NEAR City Hall; 2 new upper sunny modern
flats: 6 rooms and bath each; 28 Grove st. and
25 Birch aye. .
NEW flat, 5 rooms, bath: yard. ' cellar and
stable; rent $18. 3S Sharon St., between Fif-
teenth and Sixteenth, Church and Sanchez.
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe sts.;
lovely sunny 6-room flat: modern improve-
ments; rent $17; water free.
POST, 1657, near Buchanan— Nice sunny mid-
dle flat, in flne order; 5 rooms and bath; $20.
SEVENTH, 454, corner Bryant— s sunny rooms;
cheap. Apply between 1 and 3.
THIRD, 417%— front suites, 8 rooms; sunny
bay windows: all latest Improvements.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073. near Castro— Sunny s-
room flat: modern; rent $15; water free.
WANTED— A tenant for cheap flat, 6 rooms
and bath; 22 Glover St.. bet. Jones and Leav-
enworth, Vallejo and Broadway; rent $12.
WEBSTER, 828— Flat of 6 rooms and bath.
812% JESSIE st. and rear, near Ninth— 2 flats;
4 rooms each; rent $11 and $8.
2 SUNNY fiats to let. 30 and 32 Coso aye.. bet.
27th and 2Sth sts. ; rent $19.
$B— UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye., near Laguna and Hayes sts.
$20 AND $22 50— New sunny flats of 5 and 6
rooms and bath; flne garden. 1014 Thirteenth
St., near Scott. •.-..
FLATS TO LET Fnrnished.
2 FINE furnished bay-window flats; 5 and 3
rooms. Inquire 819 Diamond St.
FURNISHED flat, 6 rooms, bath; piano; $40.
2413 clay st.
FIKMTIRb FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Furniture of 6 rooms, new, cheap;
central two rooms rented, almost covers
rent. Box 4571, Call office.
COMPLETE bedroom and dining-room set in
antique oak at a sacrifice. 15 Dame st., .off
Thirtieth, nr Church.
TAPESTRY, Brussel; carpets, laid and lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co. 1127-1131 Market.
HELP WANTED— Agents.
AGENTS wanted to handle a patented house-
hold article. Apply 1940 Mason st.
4 GOOD male or female solicitors. Room 63,
Flood building Sunday, 3:30 to 4:30; Mon-
• day. 12 to 1.
HELP WANTED FemaIe.
WANTED— Cook for lunch • house, $40; cook,
short orders. $35; German cook, no wash. $25;
. laundress, country resort, $25; pantry girl, as-
sist waiting, country resort, $20; 2 hotel
waitresses, $22 50; 2 Ironers, $30 and $35; 3
German or French second girls; a number of
neat girls for housework for city and country,
$20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO.,
316 Sutter St.
C. R. HANSEN A CO 'Phone, Grant 185
3 waitresses, Santa Cruz, $20; 10 waitresses,
resorts $20; 15 waitresses, commercial ho-
tels, $20; 4 restaurant waitresses, $5 and $6;
chambermaid, San Luis Obispo, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids, city, $15; cook for resort near city,
$40. see party here 10 a. m.- Monday; 4 fancy
ironers, $25 to $35.
FAMILY ORDERS
Scandinavian woman to care 2 children and
Eew, $30, r«f. ; 3 cooks, $25; 2 ranch cooks, $20,
• fare paid; 25 neat, competent girls for gen-
eral housework, city and country, $15, $20
and $25; nurse girl. $10.
C. R. HANSEN A CO. 104 Geary.
MRS. BRIDGET MADDEN— PIease call or
phone to C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary.
EXPERIENCED chambermaid for first-class
country hotel, $20; free fare; call early. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND girl, Santa Cruz, $20, fare paid; 4 sec-
ond girls, city, $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
GIRL who understands German cooking, San
Rafael, $30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Colusa County, $20, fare paid.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS nurse for one child 2 years old.
$25; must have city references. MISS CUL-
LEN. 327, Sutter st. - '
WOMAN for Napa, 2 in family, $20; woman
with a child, $20; woman to cook on a ranch,
$30; 6 houseglrls, $20 and $26; housegirl, 2 in
. family, $17; young girl to assist, $10; house-
girl, Alameda $25, San Rafael $25; also nurse-
girl. same house, $20. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
WANTED — Waitress for small country place;
steady at $20 per month. W. D. EWER A
CO.. 610 Clay St.
. * - :
WAITRESSES for resorts and hotels. $20. HO-
TEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery St., room 12.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework and
care for child; German preferred. Call be-
tween 10 and 12 a. in. at 1014 A Washington.
GOOD strong girl for housework; must be good
cook; wages $15; references required. 112
Hyde st. • 7 .
YOUNG girl to assist . ln , housework and care
of baby. 771 Eddy st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; also appren-
tice. H. DAVIS. 119 Russ st.
APPRENTICE and finisher for tailoring. 131
Montgomery St., room 5.
"WANTED— LittIe girl to mind baby. 138 Church
St.. corner Fourteenth.
WANTED— A girl to take care. of a child;
wages $8. Apply at 1319, Ellis st. .
WANTED— Experienced girl to tend bakery
I store. Box 4970, Call office.
HELP WANTED FemaIes.
WANTED— A girl to do plain housework; from
$18 to $20; references. 1121 Steiner St., after 2
p. m.
GIRL for cooking and downstairs work with
references. Call forenoon at 2202 Jackson st.
GIRL German speaking, for housework. 1053
Market St.. upstairs.
GIRL for light housework. 317 Clementina st.
YOUNG girl or old woman to mind small child.
638 Clay st. ' -
DINNER waitress wanted. 613% Jones st.
WANTED— FIrst-class finisher and button-
hole maker custom coats. 927 Market st r. 623.
FIRST-CLASS experienced apprentice on cus-
tom coats. Call early, 657 Minna Bt.
APPLY immediately. California Canneries
Co., Ltd.. Brannan st., between Third and
Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply im-
mediately California Canneries Co., Ltd.,
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— A refined,, eduoated lady who .will
loan employers $1000 for one year at 10 per
cent on good security, will be given offlce
work at $40 per month, with an opportunity
to take a business college course free; this
will stand investigation. Address bex 749,
Fresno, Cal.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid; cash every'
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Flrst-class cook; must understand
German cooking; city references. Apply 2211
Washington st, bet. 10:30 and 11:30 and 2 and
3 to-day.
WANTED — experienced nurse girl to take
care of young child; city references required.
Apply Monday, bet. 1 and 3. at 1019 California.
WANTED— A good cook and laundress; refer-
ences required. Apply 413 Van Ness aye.
GOOD hotel waitress. $20; call early. New Em-
ployment Office, 751 Market st.
WANTED— Cook ln restaurant. 113 Turk st.
GERMAN girl for housework; good place; $20.
418 Powell st.
WANTED— German girl or woman for general
housework In small family; no wash; easy
place and good home. Call, after 9 a. m.,
105 Grove st. • ■-•'."
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers: good
pay; steady work. XEWBAUER BROS., 18
First st. .
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS A
CO.. 32% Fremont St.: apply to Mr. Davis.
RELIABLE girl to help with housework; care
• of children; good home; moderate wages. 739
Shrader st.
HELP WANTED — -Male.
WANTED— Creamery butter-maker, $35; man
and wife for country store and hotel, $60;
blacksmith for lumber camp, $45 and board;
tally man $30 and board; 75 laborers for saw-
mills In California, Oregon and Washington,
at $1 75 to $2 75 day and $26 and $35 and board;
re-sawyer; slack work coopers; 50 woodsmen
for Oregon, good wages; 5 woodchoppers, $1 50
cord; farmers, milkers, blacksmith helpers
and many others. J. F. CROSETT A CO..
628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— Restaurant cook, $12 week; cook
and wife for home bakery and lunch house
and helper, $90; man and wife for sanitarium;
hotel and restaurant waiters, $25 and $30;
dishwasher, country hotel, $20; third cook. $20
to $25; kitchen men for laborers' camp and
others. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Carpenters. $3 50 day; 6 miners,
$2 00 day; 6 laborers for mine, $2 day and
free fare; 5 drift ' gravel miners, $40 and
board. J. F. CROSETT. A CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
BIG WAGES AT MURRAY A READY'S. .BIG
WAGES.. S9O $85, $.0, $75. $70, $65, $60, $55,
$50. $45, $40. $35. $30. $25, $20, $1S and $15
Per Month and Found..
Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WAREHOUSE WORK
12 laborers for a large warehouse $2 50 day
12 laborers, fare 60c, no experience. ..$2 25 day
14 laborers, no experience, fare 60c $75
12 four-horse teamsters, fare $140 $52
184 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, $3. $2 50, $2 day .'.COME AND SEE
24 DRILLERS' ANDH AMMERMEN.7.7S3 day
HAY AND HARVEST HELP
. 84 men for above work
$2 50, $2 25, $2, $1 60. $1 25 day and found
14 HAY BALERS
ISc ton, Petaluma press; 14c, Junior Monarch
DAIRIES, FARMS,' ETC
19 milkers, butter-makers, etc
$30, $25 .and found
184 farm, orchard and vineyard help for all
parts of California. .s3s, $30, $26. $25 and found
CHOREMEN AND BOYS
23 choremen and boys for farms, stables, etc.,
$30. $26. $25, $20. $15. $10 and found
BLACKSMITHS AND MACHINISTS
2 machinists, country Jobs ...$3 10 day
14 blacksmiths, horseshoers, helpers,
.$2 50, $2 day, $50 $45, $40, $35 and found
Blacksmith and tend furnace, sawmill
$45 and found
Machine blacksmith..... $3 day
Stonemasons and diamond drillers $3 60 day
SHOEMAKERS. .....LABORERS FOR FAC-
TORIES AND MANUFACTURING
COMPANIES :
14 laborers, no experience, city.. s26 And found
Tallyman for a lumber company.s3o and found
STABLEMEN AND SETTER FOR SAW-
MILL
819 positions we want you to All ln Arizona.
Hawaiian Islands, Oregon, Washington and
California
Phone MURRAY A READY,
Main 6848 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARE
65 MEN WANTED AT ONCE.
For the great sawmills, wood yards, eto.
No experience required: you will suit
wages $26, $30, $40 and found
WE PAY YOUR FARE
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.LAUNDRY. BAKERS
19 cooks for different Jobs, $50, $40, $30, $25
and found; also sscond and third cooks; $40,
$30 and $25 and found '.
22 dishwashers $25. $20 and $15 and found
19 waiters $30, $25 and $20 and found
Polisher laundry, country Job, and 2 city Jobs.
$35 and found; 12 bakers, first, second and
third hands; also assistants and boys to help,
$40, $35, $25. $20 and $15 and found
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BUTCHERS PORTERS
7 butchers, good Jobs. $52, $30 and $25 and
found; bartender, city job, German . reier-
red, $25 and found; man. private family. $20;
6 porters; pantrymen; cabinet makers. MUR-
RAY A READY. 634-636 Clay St..
FRUIT PICKERS FARE PAID
12 fruit pickers, men or boys, $26 and found;
young men and boys, city and country, for
stores, factories, learn trades, drive grocery,
oakery, butcher and milk wagons, $20, $15 and
1 $10 and found, $5, $4 and $3 50 week; men
and wives; street railroad help
FOR A BANKING COMPANY
6 teamsters and 5 1ab0rer5.. ....535 and found
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay St.
STILL THEY COME 39 SAWMILLS
Mill companies located all over the State of
California, Oregon and Washington want us
to send them 893 men as laborers, teamsters,
crosscut sawyers, head donkeymen, section
laborers, tree fellers, spool tenders, screw
turners, log fixers, mill men and woodsmen,
Jackscrewers, shingle bolt makers, . lumber
pliers, etc.; wages $75, $60, $50. $40 and $30
and found. Come and see * MURRAY A
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
CARPENTERS GOVERNMENT WORK
CARPENTERS .^.. .........
3 carpenters, 8 . hours, 6 months' Job, free
fare $3 day
20 laborers (no experience required)
3 carpenters, city, and 4 carpenters for saw-
mill; 4 bridge carpenters, lumber company,
$45 and found
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay St.
TO MINES 18 M1NE5... ....G00D MINES
27 miners .'....52 50 day
93 laborers (no experience), $60, $50, $40 and
found
6 furnace men (no experience), $30 and found
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st. '
FREE FREE ..FREE
To every railroad in California. .DßlLLEßS..
LABORERS.. TEAMSTERS.. HEADER MEN,
ETC.; WAGES f r im $3 day.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st
WANTED ?»
Blacksmith, country . shop, near . city
.7 ....545 and found
Blacksmith's helper for ranch.. s3o and found
3 milkers $30
20 farm hands $26 and $30
6 laborers for mine $1 75 to $2 50 per day
3 miners ...........: $02
2 laborers for furnace.... ....$2 25 per day
• Tally man for lumber yard $30 and board
And work for 200 others. W. D. EWER A
CO., 610 Clay st. ■ ,
HEAD waiter, country r hotel. $45; waiter,
country, $25; waiter, city. $35; third cook,
springs, $25. HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Mont-
gomery St., room 12.
BOY to make himself, generally useful ln. res-
taurant; one who had experience • preferred.
Apply 27 Ninth st. . ■ '
WANTED— A waiter for hotel. 1530 Kentucky
' St., Star Hotel.
PAINTERS wanted at 213 Valencia st. . '-.
MAN wanted. Apply Girls' Directory - . Cen-
tral ' aye. and Waller st. •■*.;:
HELP WANTED — Male.
NOTICE
TO DISCHARGED SOLDIERS * ■
WE WILL GIVE ......
SITUATION FREE ......
TRANSPORTATION FREE
To any able-bodied soldier wanting work on
the Coast or Valley Railroad as laborer or
teamster, at wages of $1 75 to $2 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO
* EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
104 GEARY ST.
NO OFFICE FEE.
FIFTY MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
$1 75 AND $2 60 PER DAY.
C. R. HANSEN A CO..
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS,
104 GEARY ST.
NO OFFICE FEE.
;-■_-.' '. 7. _. % FREE FARE. ' : . . ._'
60 laborers and teamsters for the Valley Rail-
road. $1 75 a day and $25 and board per month.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
STICKER hand. $3 a day; blacksmith for a
sawmill, $45 and found, see boss here; har-
ness-maker, $30 and found; 4 carpenters, $2 50
to $3 a day, long Job; 2 farmers, same ranch,
$22 50, see boss here; 6 farmers and ranch
teamsters, same ranch, long Job. $1 50 a day
and found, boss here; 2 milkers, same place,
$25; choreman, $10; 15 woodsmen, $30 a month
and board; 5 laborers for the woods, $30 and
board. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
CHIEF cook, country hotel, $75; French cook,'
hotel, $75; broiler, restaurant. $65; second
cook, country hotel, $10; cook, small restau-
rant. $40 and room; cook, plain hotel, $35;
dishwasher, $15,' small hotel; vegetable man,
$30; third cook, springs, $30 and fare ad-
vanced; 4 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $25.
2 neat flrst-class hotel waiters, $35 and
found; 2 waiters, plain hotel, $30; waiter,
springs, $25; waiter, country hotel, $25.
Polisher, country hotel laundry. $35 and
found; Ironer, steam laundry, $30 and found;
polisher and starcher, $30 and found. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
ASSISTANT baker, country hotel. $30 and
found, fare advanced; dishwasher, country
hotel, $25, fare free; second cook for country
institution, $30 and found, mostly for bread
1 and pastry work. C. R. HANSEN A CO.,
104 Geary St.
BOY to learn tailoring. 131 Montgomery st,
room 6.
WANTED— Lunch waiter at 258 First st.
MIDDLE-AGED man wanted at 922 Battery st.
to wash dishes and chore around.
WANTED— Barber every afternoon. Saturday
and Sunday. 1322 Stockton st.
YOUNG butcher wanted. 450 Cortland aye.
6 BARBERS wanted for the city and country;
good wages. Apply H. BERNARD, 104 7th.
WANTED— OId man for washing dishes at 108
Hayes st. ; call early.
GOOD lunch waiter wanted at 617 Montgomery
street. -.-.-•'' 7
GOOD dishwasher wanted at 907 Kearny st.
ELDERLY man for boarding houee. 322 Main
.street.
CARPENTER, painter, whitener, whitewashes
flrst-class men only. .Apply 126 O'Farrell st.
GOOD barber. 167 Ninth st.
Experienced traveling salesman to
sell on commission summer clothing exclu-
sively In the State of California; good refer-
ences required. The Baltimore Clothing Mfg.
1 Co., 13 W. German st., Baltimore, Md.
TEAMS wanted to work on the canal being
built at Sunol by the Spring Valley Water
Works. Apply at the stables. Fourteenth and
Guerrero sts., San Francisco, or on work at
■ Sunol.
MEN to learn barber trade; $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only Institution teach-
ing the tonsorial art; call or wrtte for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE, 635 Clay St. ■
FOR sale— flrst-class barber shop doing a
fine business in a city of 4000 population ln
California; price less than cost of fixtures;
part cash or will sell on terms lo suit buyer.
Address box 4868. Call office.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drlllmen and team-
sters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN. 302 Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 76 to $2; board, $4 60 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near Grant station, on
Valley Road.
WANTED (either sex) to fold circulars and
write addresses at their homes; $12 per week
salary. Address the Non-Medicine Cure Club,
box 802, Los Angeles, Cal.
WANTED— One hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe: wages $2. TRUCKEE A LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
To go this week — pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 502 Mission st.
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day,
week or mo.; rates, 26c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands. Manila, Alaska, New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent, 504, 506 Davis St.
PENSIONS and claims against U. S. See
SHERWOOD, room 612, Examiner building,
San Francisco. '
A SOLICITOR that has some knowledge of
mines. Apply room 28, Columbian building,
916 Market st
YOUNG couple: man good bedmaker; wife good
cook. DR. CHAMLEY. 25 Third st.
WANTED— blacksmith for truck
work; none others need apply. 128 Spear st.
WANTED— and setters for continu-
ous kiln. Brickyard, South San Francisco.
San Mateo County.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 35c to
60c. 662 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED- Tenants for stores, flats; stores, $10
up; flats, $6 up. SPECK A CO., 667 Market.
THREE Al hustlers to canvass; salary and
commission. 300 Post st.
WANTED— shoemakers for custom repair-
ing; good wages. 961 Mission st.
TRY our 16c meals; best ln city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
160 ROOMERS— Boston House, 930 Howard st ;
10c, 15c and 20c per night.
WANTED— Experienced trunkmaker. Apply
at 946 Howard st. HARBAND BROS.
BARBER shop In lively country' town; 2 chairs;
baths. Apply at 1229 Golden Gate aye.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket ■ st; free shaving In students' department.
EXPERIENCED dishwasher at once. 315
Grant aye. . .
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
in' t H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
WANTED— men to flnd clean, central, cheap
rms., 25c. 50c night: hkpg., $1 25 up. 8S 3d st.
100 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138% Eighth st. .
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, 16c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. 863% Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market si., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, — For Sale
FOR Horse 7 years old, about 1050 pounds;
good driver, single or double; $76. Call after-
noon 1925 Howard st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts,, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
. and work hcrses. Chase A Mendenhall, suc-
cessors Kllllp A Co., salesyard. 1732 Market.
JUST arrived— Carload large horses and car-
load med'um size, broke and unbroke. at
J. D. HORAN'S. Tenth and Bryant sts.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL.. veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
HOUSES— 'LODGING For Sale.
18 ROOMS: $250 cash; interest 1% per cent. $660
14 rooms; near Post st ■• 550
16 rooms; clears $50; % cash 700
20 rooms; exchange for small house.... 1,600
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT.
WINSTON A CO.,' 1026 MARKET ST.
LODGING house, ■ furnished, 17 rooms; store,
dining room and kitchen; in Stent, Tuolumne
County; for sale or rent. Apply to WILLIAM
HENRY. Angels Camp,. Cat ■
24-ROOM house; good location; all rented;
rent $40. BASILE. 3 Eddy st. '
A— 2B ROOMS; rent $80. At 20 Turk st. or
SPECK A CO.
HOUSES — LODGING Sale.
IO^ROOiTIIOTEL
TO RENT FURNISHED
........ NEW MODERN BUILDING
ELECTRIC ELEVATOR: ELEGANT FURNI-
TURE .
Clearing WOO per month ............
15-room house on Fourth st. ; only $275
26 rooms; corner house 850
14 rooms on O'Farrell st 350
12-room house: large yard: downtown 400
15 rooms; clears $100: only ................ 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
64-room house; clears $300 1600
/ H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. uth.
FOR «ale— Nice sunny house, 9 rooms, for sale
cheap: south Market. Call for 1 -Week 739
Natoma st. : rent $20.
JULIAN aye., 192. cor 16th st.— Lodging-house,
11 rooms; all occupied; $175; rent $16.
$460— LODGING-HOUSE. 8 rooms; $200 down.
Apply at 527 Mission st.
FAMILY boarding-house: steady boarders; 14
rms.. all occupied; bargain, A.C.box 71. Call.
HOUSES- TO LET Furnished.
TO LET— $35: flne residence, 6 rooms and bath,
with furniture: 2609 Pine st. Inquire of E.
ROBINET. 411% California st. upstairs.
HOUSES FOR SAL
$60—6 rooms, furnished: nice flat; rent, $20; part
down. Apply 827 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET. V v
BUlLDlTNG^sultable for dye works,' laundry,
manufacturing, etc.; well water; cheap rent.
318-320 Eleventh st.
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms; nice yard and cellar;
1133 Folsom st. ; rent cheap.
HOUSE hunting made- easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 8 rooms; bath; newly papered and
■ painted; rent $30. 1717 Laguna st. .
SPLENDID house; fine condition; 7 rooms; low
rent 3386 Twenty-flrst st:; key next door.
8 ROOMS and bath: lot 50x125; 2 fronts. 40
Bernal aye., near Mission st. ; key at 51.
$25— HOUSE to let; 8 rooms; 1915 Golden Gate
. aye.; modern conveniences,
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Purse; letters M. C. ; on New Montgom-
ery; containing Jewelry and money. Finder
will receive reward by returning to MRS. D.
A. RICHARDSON. 772 Eighteenth. Oakland.
FOUND— A bicycle. Owner inquire J. J., 532 A
Sixth st. _«_«__»
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. MC-
INTOSH A WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st, above Sixth. J3_f__B___
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought. Bold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
ALL suitable for wedding presents— solid sil-
ver fancy engraved table spoons; 12 solid sil-
ver teasuoons; 6 solid sliver forks: 6 pearl
handle table knives; 1 gold-lined heavy solid
silver soup ladle; 1 large gold-lined solid sil-
ver mug; each set of this beautiful new sil-
verware is in a new, elegant plush case
and will be sold for half of store prices.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
A BEAUTIFUL pair genuine Lemair opera
glasses for $5; worth $15. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye.
A SPLENDID tpyewriter for home use only;
$20. L. A M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgom-
ery' st. "
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
selling at less than cost. 613 Hearst building.
ICE plant; 2d hand; complete; pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. WHITE, 516 Mission.
FOR sale— Bernard dog, 14 months old;
cheap. Inquire at 797 Mission st. y yy- : »
2 NATIONAL Cash Registers; 1 nickel plated
and other wooden; cheap. 417 Sacramento st.
FRESH milch goats cheap. Apply 509 Twenty-
ninth st. near Noe.
FOR sale— A butter and egg route. For partic-
ulars address lox 4964. Call office. -Tf-
BOILERS, engines, lathes, planer, band saw,
wood planer; 2d-hand. J. BURKE, 139 Beale.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125, 3
h. p. $150, 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 Session.
DRESS pants. $2 95 : fine suits. $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors, 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar 'Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes; hair original Ist. 109-111 Market. S. F.
_■ ■ ■ i
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
ln her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment, $5; no instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy
St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; offlce hours, 10 to
12. 2to 4 and 7to 3. Sundays by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly ail
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return hove the
.same day; no Instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home In confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. YETH. 942 Post st. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 6 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. ■M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women-
-60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avolcVd; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M DAVIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills. $1: very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential ;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; offlce hours. 9 to 6 and 7
to 8 p. m. : Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
• cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores ln 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
tles,>from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donneil has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free: call- or write. 1023% Market st
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over .3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to J
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe and sure; maternity
home; no Instruments: consultation free and
confidential; home treatment, $5. MRS AL-
LEN. 228 Van Ness aye.
A nice private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city; infants adopted
MRS. M. PFEIFFER, midwife. 2012 Folsom!
A— DR. and MRS. SILVA. 215% Mason st—
Private home in confinement; ladles' - friend
In trouble; terms reas. ; call and be convinced.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS A CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, sole agts.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement; babies
adopted into good homes. ; 7-'>7vV?_
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market st— lnstant re-
llef for monthly troubles or money back; $3 up.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife: pleasant sunny home
In confinement 156 Second st: tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
— !
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at (*.» per cent on real estate 3d
ana 2d mortgages, estates, real estate ln pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH loans to salaried people on note wlth-
out endorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. HILL. 44, Merchants' Exchange.
AT Nevada Loan Offlce, 214 Grant aye.— Money
, loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.MONEY TO LOAN.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on dlaraon Is and Jew-
' elry at the lowest' rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, Mli Market St.: telephone Main 1644.
_.<t_AL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. CMtteJS,
•etc. Harper A Krelger, 311 Examiner building.
$:•* TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 417 Montgomery,
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 5^2 Parrott wag.
Tf your property is mortgaged and you need
more money' -.• H. MURPHY- ■"■ Market.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS Iwel are « selllngl good I uprfchtl pUnos it f oriW
cash and $0 per month; we ask you to in^esti-
Igate and approve this and Thirteenth anu
same as if purchased for all cash; brains
in good second-hand uprights upon *ameeas>
payments and some good p anos f or $0. $ 4 and
• i.Vper month. SHERMAN, < LAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner c *™Z t ™* th Sut *Z
sts.. San Francisco, and Thrrteentn ana
Broadway, Oakland. ___
ABSOLUTELY the eldest and largest^ouse
\ve<*t of ('hici.go is KOHLER & CHASES,
M/W and^3o O'Farrell st.: pianos organs and
nil other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. .
HYINES BROS, Baldwin and other standard
' ma'kc=- second-hand. $100 up; wholesale prices
to allb W. C. HAMILTON. m Post st.
OUR 'specialty— Best renting stock in San Fran-
ciA-o SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560
Hayes st. ■
FOR sale— A Knabe piano: nearly new; In ftne
c-ondition. Address box 4570, Call-
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
PIANO, upright, good instrument, good order,
sacrifice -$5O; square, $10. n: J l ; _ Mission st.
PIANO, good condition, fine tone, for sale; $75;
no dealers. 24.4 Market st. ;, Monday.
USE of piano wanted for storage; no children;
best care. 354 Fell st. ___^_
PIANO for sale; $20. 2454 Market st. ; call
Monday. . - -
AT 5127— Steinway upright left by party going
. EaM. 136 Ellis st. '.
A— .So; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st
BARGAINS— Another big lot of pianos put on
, sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
I A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 3CS
Post st. .:••-- -
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st, agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianoa
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. IL
: LKR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES Let.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st
$60—105 Taylor st. t .- •
$50— 455 Valencia st, corner Sixteenth.
$35— 559 Mission st, near Fifth. ,
$20— 32S Montgomery avenue.
•' $22 50— 536 Howard St., near Fifth.
$17—256 First st.
$20—354 Fourth st.
$25 1119 Harrison st, corner Langton.
ELEGANT cafe; lease on liberal terms; loca-
tion central: improvements the finest. For
full particulars apply MADISON & BURKE.
626 Market st.
BUTCHER shop to let; fixtures and ice house
complete: low rent. G. 11. UMBSEN. 14
Montgomery st. :SKSs
ATTENTION, grocery and saloon men—
i store on SE. corner Tenth and Howard sts.;
cheap rent.
$20— STORE NW. cor. Post and Baker sts..
with fixtures; complete for a grocery; 3 room?
in the rear: a fine concrete cellar: water free.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st, above Jones; classes;
office hours, 1 to I p. m. reading by mall, $I.>
PALMIEA— Removed to 301 Polk st, cor, Ful-
ton; readings daily; lectures Monday 8 p. m.
YOUR fate is in your hand: scientific palmis-
try. Mme. Germaine, 906 Market, rooms 29-30.
A— MME. BI'SHNELL. tne famous palmist. 916
Bush st. between Taylor and Jones.
' — .
PERSONALS.
YOUNG widower would like the acquaintance i
of widow or middle-aged lady of some means; |
■ object, matrimony. Address Mechanic, box I
4967, Call tflce.
J WIDOWER, middle aged, owns a valuable es-
tate, incurred a debt by paying deceased I
wife's heirs their part cash, wants to meet
a Catholic lady, 38 years old; must be worth |
$1000 cash; object marriage. Farmer, box
4567, Call, of flee.
LEDERER'S Quintonica ls Incomparable as a
. hair tonic; stimulates the growth; keeps the
hair clean: 'i:c bot 123 Stockton st. v.-. -. ; -
LEDERER always uses Scheffler's Colorine for
the hair; restores color, bleached or gray, $1 50
to $5: cost 75c box: hairdressing. 25c; switches,
$1. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton, st.
SCIENTIST desires partner to go around world
in submarine boat, visiting World's Fair in'
Paris in 1900. For particulars address W.
SEVERNE. box 25. Crockett. Cal.
ASSORTMENT 01 imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants, $3 75-
- higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644 ;
Market st. .under St. Nicholas Hotel.
LADY expert letter writer; strictly confiden-
. tial; business or personal. Room 6, 28 Seventh.
BEFORE going to the country get a handsome
genuine Mexican sombrero; 40c upward. Mexi-
can Store, 114 Stock! St.
LEDERER'S Qulntonl a makes the hair glossy
removes dandruff, cleanses the scalp: 35c bot ;
Foamo shampoo. 6c pkg. 123 Stockton st.
THERE is only one LEDERER; his artistic
up-to-date hairdressing costs only 25c; Leder-
er's Foamo Shampoo, 5c pkg.; switches $1
up; longest hair rolls, SOc. 123 Stockton st.
LIFE insurance policies bought for cash W
R. NICHOLSON. Attorney and Financial
Agent, International Hotel..
LADIES— The Equipoise waist has no equal-
Ypsilantl underwear. OBER'S. 34 Geary st '
$1 50—1000 CARDS, statements, bill or note
heads; catalogue printing. BLEY'S Printing
House, 611 Sacramento St.; tel. Main 1836.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark i
Attorney at Law, • and Copyright 1
No. 4 Butter St., Law a Specialty. I
Pan Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms; ]
£5c to $160 per night; $160 to $6 per week;
free-bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 PER week for lady's suit. Jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co., 1306 Stockton st. near Broadway.
T. BRILLIANT, 335-340 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR. CREEL Y'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.:
office, Horse Hospital. 610 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious dlseasea .-•'•.
RUPTURE.- stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gordin, 6l4 Pine, ab.Krny.
Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st
LADIES' tailor-made suits: $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market st; open evenings.
BUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOS TANI. 813 Sutter st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st. bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId cold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. '- O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
, 1021% Market st. bet Sixth and Seventh.
' PSYi.HOMETRY- ;
HENRY HARRISON* BROWN/% psychometrist;
reads character; gives advice from spirit side
of life; heals by laying on hands. 120 A Eddy.
REAL ESTATE— CITY' Sale.
A FINE paying property; $60 per.month; only
$8000; the income is more than double that
the same money will yield «*>n deposit in any
bank; throe Hats; built a little over a year;
east of Van .Ness aye.; 6 rooms, bath, laun-
dry: with all modern Improvements In each
flat; always rented because the flats are de-
sirable, the location is choice and the rent
is very low; flrst-class tenants; 3 lines of
cars; It would cost at least $1000 more to
erect the building now,- as the prices of
building materials have advanced; to make
immediate sale the property is offered at this
low price as the owner is leaving the State;
size if lot 27:0x82:6. W. J. GUNN, 416 Mont-,
gomery, st. * ■ - ■<
IF you- have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery.
FOR sale— Cottage. 6 large rooms; ll.foot ceil-
ings; new; latest' improvements; basement,
finished; flne marine view; half block Eight-
eenth-st electric cars; lot 26x100; house 25x80.
X Caselli aye.; cheap.
REAL ESTATE— CITY* For Sale.
$8750— 5600 CASH, balance monthly: large cor- .
ncr on Dolores st. ; new residence of 7 rooms
and bath; cost owner $4500; must be sold.
$4750— CASH, balance monthly: reasonable
Interest: can have option of paying any sum
above amount agreed upon, as this ls not a
build-.ng and loan, proposition; -new residence
of 8 modern rooms and bath, electric and gas
lighting; furnace heat throughout; large lot;
grand view. Apply 232 Liberty St., near
Dolores. •' ••_.-7-:.
A— s7Bso; CHOICEST corner of all: marine and
park view, front and rear, cannot be ob-
structed; 10 large sunny rooms; most ex-
pensively decorated; inlaid floors; mahogany,
cherry and oak mantels: plate glass windows;
very cbstly 6-llght gas fixtures; French
range, heaters, conservatory, etc. Apply to
ALBERT WILFORD, cor. Fulton and Shrader
sts., from 12 to 4 p. m.; McAllister or Hayes-
st. cars.
BUY cheap lots; make more than bank inter-
est.
$75— Last lot in block south of park.
$150—1 to 6 lots; 2 blocks electric cars. Mis-
sion. $300 each; cost owner $1200; 2 lets 14
blocks from park; close in. I. SCHARFF. £0
Montgomery st. '
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
Valencla-st. lots; any size; $135 per front
foot; fronting on 2 streets.
Twenty-third st, corner San Jose aye, with
.improvements, $5500. -
Second and Silver sts; corner, with improve-
ments, $6700. • • - '
TWO choice lots on Twelfth aye., near Clem-
. ent st; close to the finest residence in Rich-
mond; 25x120 each:, only $650 each; electric
cars within a few steps; all street work done;
lots graded; easy payments. W. J. GUNN,
410 Montgomery st.
2 LOTS orf Valley st- 25:6x114; $125 each: must
be sold. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO.,
. 1706 Market st. . _
$6500— ELEGANT new house, 10 rooms; Spruce,
near Clay; marine view; terms to suit; ev-
erything modern. $ ;■■••-. y_.yy
$1700— NEW house; brick foundation;. 9 rooms
an.l bath. SPECK, 667 Market st.
REAL. ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
NEW rich land near, city; small . and large
tracts'; 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 - address THE
COTATI CO., 802 California st, S. F.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
.W. D. HOLCOM & CO., 20 Montgomery st. :
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly-
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
PROPERTY WANTED.
' LOT wanted— The best lot that about $100 Will
i buy: in San Francisco or around bay. but
j not over 45 minutes' travel to Call building.
! Address box 4567. Call office.
HOUSE and lot wanted, near cars. X., box
4566. Call office.
_ ___ RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice I
cream parlor. 1035 Market st. : popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. ■
AT 145 12th st— Sunny furnished rooms, com-
plete for hkpg.; reas.; also single.
BRYANT. 430—2 well furnished front rooms;
bay-window; coal stove; run. water; others.
BUCHANAN, 1017—3 sunny unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping: references required.
DEVISADERO, 849, corner McAllister— 3 or 4
very desirable sunny unfurnished rooms; elec-
tric light; gas; bath.
EDDY, Two large rooms for housekeeping;
private family; reasonable.
EDDY, 743—3 rooms, lower floor, furnished or
unfurnished; also single; large yard: laundry.
ELEVENTH, 365._, over bakery— fur-
nish front room, with closet, $5; with
kitchen, $6; newly kalsomined and painted;
private. y • /
FELL. 24. nr. Market— partly furnished or
unfurnlsned rooms for housekeeping.
| FIFTH. 14. 4. nr. Howard— l double sunny front
rm.. $S mo.; 1 hskpg., suitable for 2, $6 mo.
FIFTH. New house; 3 desirable rooms for
housekeeping; 2 beds; running water.
FIFTH, 353—3 furnished housekeeping, $13; also]
2. $10; also single room, $5.
FILLMORE, 2205. near Clay— 5 clean sunny j
rooms; bath; nice yard and water.
FOLSI iM, 739— Single and furnished housekeep- j
ing rooms; light and sunny single rooms, $1 :
to $1 25; housekeeping, $2 up per week.
FOURTH, 120— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms, en suite or single, $150 per week and ;
upward. *
GEARY, Parlor, bedroom, dining room.
kitchen, bath, toilet, gas, yard, basement.
GLEN PARK aye., 5, off Twelfth St.— 3 unfur- j
nished sunny rooms; closets;- bath. -7 ' '-
GOLDEN GATE. aye.. 404—3 neatly fur.. 2 front,
. with closets; hot, cold water; gas range; bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 640— Two nicely fur-
nished sunny rms., with kitchen; also single.
GOLDEN GATE. 1050— 2 large sunny well-fur- j
nished rooms for light housekeeping; gas
stove; free telephone. ' . '
HOWARD. 528. bet. First and Second—
furnished sunny room, and also housekeeping.
HOWARD. 551' i— sunny - unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 719H, nr. Third— Two frnshed rms.;
- hot, cold, wat; bath; private family; $9 mo.
IVY aye.. 223, near Franklin— Very pleasant
sunny front room; double bed; stove; q^jet;ss.
JONES, 2056, cor. Filbert— 3 lovely unfurnished
rooms, Including kitchen; bay-window; adults.
KEARNY, - 104— Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping, $15. . -
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; $12. , » ■
MISSION, 839— Large sunny rooms for house-
keeping, furnished or unfurnished.
MISSION, 654, nr. Third— sunny rooms; new-
ly furnished; $10 and $6 per month. ,
MISSION, 823— Front parlor; also alcove suite;
sunny; nicely furnished; $10 and $14.
NATOMA, 615—2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms
complete for housekeeping. $9 and $11.
NATOMA, 701, cor. Eighth— Sunny housekeep-
ing rooms, also single, with use of kitchen.
OAK, 31, nr. Van Ness— Front completely fur.
hskpg rm., $9; also neatly fur. single, $6 mo.
OAK, 64— Front cor. bay-window rm. or suit;
also completely furnished housekeeping rm.
OAK, 111— Large sunny room, grate, gas; also
small kitchen, gas stove; yard; $12 month.-
PEARL, 2, corner Market— or 3 rooms -fur-
nished comolete for housekeeping.
PROSPECT place, 123, off California, between
Stockton and Powell— Large room and kitchen;
fine view of bay; morning sun; $10; pri. Ger.
SECOND, 508—2 or 3 furnished housekeeping
rooms; baih; hot and cold water. ~ .
SOUTH PARK. 184, nr. 3d— 2 sunny rooms,
nicely furnished, complete for -housekeeping.
SUTTER, 1111, nr. Comfortably furn.
single suites: also hskpg.; terms' reasonable.
TEHAMA 331—3 or 4 roorrts for housekeeping:
bath and stationary x washtubs; very reasonbl.
TEHAMA. 478, nr. Sixth— s sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; kitchen complete; suit-
able, for tailor or dressmaker; $14.
VAN NESS aye.. 43— 2 furnished sunny; rooms
for housekeeping; single for gentleman.
VAN NESS, 232—2 large bay-window suites;
kitchen, gas range, running water, .closets.
VAN NESS aye., 817—2 sunny nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms, $15 month. y
ROOMS TO — Furn. and I'nfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms, .
25c to $1 per night". $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping: open all night
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite .or single; flrst-cl£_ss
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 60c to $1 60 day. MRS. J. ItfNG.
A— SUTTER. 715-717; sunny; reasonable; ap-
preciated If seen; please Investigate. -.
AT New Grand, 246 3d— Ist-class sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; also hpkg. rms.; reaß.; transient.
AT Standard House, 17a 4th— Sunny front rms.,-
-$2 60; rear rooms. $2 wk. ; single rms., $125.
AT 52 Second-Nice sunny single; double; light
housekeeping; $1 to $3 per week.
BRANNAN, 324. between Second and Third—
Nicely furnished rooms, with bath.
BRYANT, 451%— Nice sunny front room.
BUSH, 1124— Elegant suite, $25; ."single room,
$10; bath; running water;: home comforts. .
CARROLTON, 1206 Market.' cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny, corner; well' furn. rms. & offices.
CHELSEA place, 4, off Bush, bet. Stockton and
Powell— • furnished sunny room; , pri-
v ate family. " . .' '■""■'.'' : --"'■■■,
EDDY, 301, cor. Jones— Sunny come.- bay-win-
dow room reasonable. .....
EDDY. 92C — Two sunny furnished rooms for
gentlemen or light housekeeping; also a sin-
gle room; private family. 7
ELLIS, . 606— Nice sunny ballroom; also large
room; rent reasonable. ■.'
ELEVENTH, 106— Large " bay-window. , 1 00 m,
{suitable for 2 gents; also others.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. JULY 17, » 1899.
RpOMS TO LET — Porn, and Unfnrn.
ELLIS, 800— Bright, sunny S corner suite of
rooms; pleasant place for dentist or doctors
office. ff
FILLMORE, 618,. near Hayes— furnished
rooms; single and for housekpg. ; | cheap rent.
FOLSOM, 820, : near I Fourth— Furnished rooms ;
$1 per week. ■ • , . - - - -
FOLSOM, • 739— Furnished . rooms; single, $1 25
per week; housekeeping,: $2 up.-
FOLSOM, 1154— Nice sunny furnished room.
FOURTH, 12S /4, nr. Mission— New management;
newly frnshd and renovated: choice front rma
FRANKLIN. 21, "The Newport"— sunny
furn.- single and double rms. ; also housekpg.
FULTON, Sunny single rooms; also front
sunny housekeeping with -kitchen; reasonable.
FIT.TON. 231—2 sunny neatly furnished rooms;
bath; hot and cold water. ■
FURNISHED rooms to let. Apply 423 Sixth st'
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers acoommedated. MRS. HYER.
GOLDEN STATE, 106 Eddy— Rooms for stu-
dents; sunny rooms by day, week or month.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
rooming house; $160 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 661, bet! 2d and 3d— Large sunny
room; fire grate; suitable for 1 or 2 gents.
HAWTHORNE. 140. bet. 2d & 3d. nr. Folsom—
Small neatly furnished hall bedroom, $5 mo.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutler, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.; elev.; free baths.
HOWARD, 959— A nice front room, $6; also
large back room for two, $6.
HOWARD, Furnished rooms from $1 week
up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD, 1511 A— Furnished rooms for man
. and wife or single gentleman; private family.
IVANHOE, 1002 Polk, cor.Geary— manage-
ment; fur. hkpg suites (3 to 5 r.), $15 up; ref.
JESSIE. 501, corner Sixth— Furnished rooms to
let. ; ■ . ■ . •
LARKIN, 247, cor. McAllister— Choice front
sunny rms.; gas; run. Wat; $175 to $2 50 wk.
LARKIN, 1014— Small sunny room; suitable for
gentleman; private family; $6.. -
MARKET, 783%— newly furnished rooms;
central location; $1 to $2 50 per- week.
McALLISTER, 619— Newly fur. 'front rm., hot
• run. water, $S ; alcove sunny single room, $6.
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MINNA, 140 — Nicely furnished rooms to let
from $1 a week un.
MINNA, 172, near Third— Rooms to let by day,
week and month. ..-'■■?'
MINNA, — Nice sunny rooms; rent $5 to $S
per month.
MISSION, 846, near Fourth— New management;
new furniture; sunny suites and single; reas.
MISSION, 1220 Large sunny room for 2; run-
' ning water; grate; $10; single for $5. .
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
OLIVE aye., Nicely furnished room to let
ln small family.
POWELL, 17— Central and prettily furn. rms.;
cheap; June. Market- st. cars; near theater.
POWELL, 15, next to Columbia Thea.— Prettily
furn. rms.; single and en suite; new mangt.
O'FARRELL, 208, near Powell— Front neatly
furn.. rm. suitable for 2; also others, $175 up.
PINE. 1300— 1 or £ yourig ladles, nice sunny
1 front room, with- pl^no; board optional.
POLK, 1827 — Sunny front rooms; modern con-
veniences; hot water; low rent ■
POWELL 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
• gantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
RAILROAD aye.. Furnished rooms to let.
ROYAL infuse. 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
light; Reading room, stroking room and
ladles' parlor; room.; per night, 35c to $150;
week, $2 to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 409[ and 22 Mint aye.— Sunny,
front fur. rms., others, from' sl; quiet house.
TAYLOR. 407— Front parlor, with use of
piano.
THE DELAWARE, 1151 Unfurnished
rooms: suite single; also furn. : reasonable.
THE Clyde, 36H Geary— sunny front
rooms; transient: 50c up.
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth st, cor. Minna-
Sunny bay-window rooms. \ -
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom, cor. 6th— Sunny corner
1 rms., suites and single; gas;bath; new mangt.
THIRD, 25, nr. Market— Sunniest rooms in San
\ Francisco; white lights; extra good beds; chp..
VAN NESS, 103— Small- sunny front rooms;
closet, gas, bath; private family; gentleman
| preferred.
' VAN NESS aye.. 944— Elegantly furnished
j rooms, with or without board; telephone Lar-
kin ____4. ■ .
| YALE. 112 Taylor— i furnished and un-
furnished suites. $5 up: single, $150 up.
I CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any , address In the
United" States or Canada one year for $1,
postal paid.
• ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Housekeeping rooms by competent
pianist: part payment in lessons. Box 4965,
Call office. ' •
UNFURNISHED room; $3 or $4 month; near
Call building; man. Box 4559. Call . of flee.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st ■■.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
; Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half orphan
girls and boys have been admitted to the
asylum from January 1, 1899, to July 1, 1899:
Anita Lindner, 3 yrs.; Alice W. Bowles, 3 yrs.
7 mos.; Clarissa Cook, 7 yrs. : Annie A Klang,
9 yrs. 11 mos. ; Macarthe G. Klang, 8 yrs.;
Hazel Maguire. 7 yrs. : Emma L. Oeding, 5
yrs. 4 mos. ; Myrtle Oeding, 2 yrs. 9 mos. ;
Emily Seymour, 11 yrs. 7 mos. ; Maggie Green,
14 yrs.; Stanley E. Williamson, 9 yrs.; Wil-
liam Lindner. 4 yrs.; Victor Beck, 3 yrs.;
Clarence Hawkins, 7 yrs. 11 mos. ; Harold M.
• Robs 3 yrs.; James C. Cook. 4 yrs.; William
M. Hale. 12 yrs. ; Bert S. Hale, 9 yrs. -7 mos.
ROOMS papered ' from . $3 ; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 819 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st. rooms 9-10: tel 5520.
. SPIRITUALISM.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing: ladles, 50c; gents. $1; sit, $1 60. 126 Turk.
ARRIVED— The king of all mediums. Prof.
Haley; tells your life from cradle to grave;
SOc. $1 up. 106 Taylor st., parlors 3-5.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley, medium; tells your
. life from cradle to grave;, soc, $1 up. 106 Tay-
lor st. parlors 3-5.
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night, 8:15; sittings
daily, 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton, near Greenwich.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. 8; 25c: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st. '
■'■ ' ' -
:fyff..~ STORAGE. „ "■
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post st, cor.' Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt. tel. Black 311.
TO LEASE. A
COUNTRY home tp lease— ln the hills. San
Mateo County, 5 miles west of Stanford Uni-
versity; house of 14 rooms;, hot and cold
, water, etc.; 25 acres, with 1200 fruit trees; nice
grounds;- barn's, : stables;- delightful roads,
trails and .woods; ' fine climate and water;
dally . stage, 'postoffice, schoolhouse, etc. J.
11. GILMORE, 321 Moptgomery st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
b f BERKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
PERFECT home; brand new; away below cost
to duplicate and on easy terms; see this lat-
est style; choice ■ 5 room ' cottage; plumbing
and .other appointments nprfect: > street work
done; fine location; only $1750. H. D. IRWIN. :
"7 Lorin Station. : .*,-. •
WANTED— Tenant to lease new 9-room house,
adjacent to university;; porcelain bath; large
• lot; plate-glass windows,' etc. Inquire. M. L.
WURTZ, Seventeenth and Broadway.' 7.;, v;;
IN Berkeley— Corner lot; 87x150, with modern
house of 9 rooms. -•■ ' _■ ; ; > -';'.{■ y ''i^.'ryy
A WEEK'S news.for,s cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, Jl per year.
'__.-*-. — .._- — ... .... -..■ . .... ..;_ .-,.-; .-.-.. ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
'■ ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$700— FINE lot on bay shore.
- $2200— Modern cottage, • 5 rooms and bath; lot
52x150; near High School and depot; terms, $100
cash, $20 per month. . .
• $3200— New cottage, 6 room's and baih; lot 42x
207; open plumbing, plate glass, etc.; half block
from station and High School: easy terms.
Homes built to suit -purchasers on easy terms. .
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESEEKERS!
These flve houses on our list must. be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts: .
No. 1— 51450 for a $2250 home: 5 rooms, bath. .
No. 2— 51650 for a $2500 horn»; 5 rooms, bath."
No. 3— 52350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 4— 53000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath. |
No. s— s4sQo for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
; The above homes are located on . the main
avenues of | the city and j contain modern im-
provements. TV-".' . ..-.r.
, MARCUSE & REMMEL,
620 Market St., S. F.. Bay-st.- Station. Ala.
OPEN. SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
SNAP— New. House, .8 rooms and bath; lot 50x
150: good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta'-
tlon. ..Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Ch_g_ln_.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
SUNNY front room and board for a gentleman;
. private family; no children; no other board-
ers: references , exchanged. 80x' 4639. Call.
ALAMEUA KOOMS AND IIUAHU.
.HOME fcr ladles In delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$600— FOUR rooms; 50-foot lot, flne for chickens;
$25 down, balance $8 50 per month; has a
well and pump and Is a new house. - ■-
$900— Four rooms; 7-foot bai emeht, well,
pump, fenced; $50 down, balance to suit you;
closer to station than the above; $15,000 In Im-
provements will be placed within a block of
this property, before the year is out; street
graded; cement sidewalks. *
If these do not suit you. we have others.
Office, Fruitvale, half a block above the rail-
road track. Look for the big blue and- white
sign. \ -:.7-.~
San Francisco office— Room 2, ground ..floor,
222 Sansome street. ■ . - '
. THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
FOR SALE BY J. W. ELROD.
$825—3 room house two blocks from Fruitvale
Station; easy terms.
$1250—5 room house; high basement; all mod-
ern and new; two blocks from Fruitvale Sta-
tion; easy terms.
$1850—5 room house: all modern; large lot; all
furnished; -cow and chickens; a>flne place '. r
chicken raising. . . -7 ;
$800— Fine building lots on Frulrvale aye.;
50x140; these are choice building lots. .
« $375 an acre for fine vegetable land-, four
blocks from electric cars. See J, W. Elrod.
HOME BUILDING CO.. '
Office. 1 MoCk north of Fruitvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $100 down, balance little more than
rent, will buy a fine, new, modern house, just
completed; large lot; 7 rooms, bathroom, pan-
try, etc.; if you want a home make a. start
now; if this don't suit you we will build you
one to suit and sell lt on easy terms. JAMES
S. NAISMITH, 452 Ninth St., Oakland.
$750 4-ROOM cottage, high basement; stable;
nice large lot,' etc. must sell; owner called
• away. Apply FIELD REALTY CO.. 1139 East
Fourteenth st. Oakland.
MONEY" to loan on houses; will sell two nice
little cottages; installments; for amt. loaned
on them. J. D. BENNETT. 902 Broadway.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ■■
I■ ' —
I OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
j AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
! furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
I DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 69 (25c per
( share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation
I Company will be payable at the office of the
| company, 327 Market st , on and after
THURSDAY. July 20. 1899. Transfer books
will close on FRIDAY. July 14, 1899, at 3
j o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
j OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barrack^
Wash.. July 8. - 1899— Sealed proposals, in tri-
plicate, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., August 8, 1599, and. then opened, . for
furnishing forage and bedding at the sev-
e ral military posts in 'this department for
fiscal year ending June 30, 1900. Information
furnished here or by quartermasters at posts.
U. S. reserves right to reject or accept any
or all prooosals or any part thereof. En-
• velopes containing proposals should be
i marked: "Proposals for Forage and Bedding
at ," and addressed to undersigned. J. W.
' JACOBS. C. Q. M. ■ -■ ..
" -DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
ln at either of the publication offlces and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
DIED.
Begley, James E. Griffiths, James
Clapp. Harry A. Kenealy. Ellen
Cblwell,- Jesse Laeremans, • F. C.
Davis. Frederick W. McKeown. Caroline
Desmond', Timothy G. McMenamln, Anne
Dinkelsplel, Elza Z. Maloney, Amelia R.
. Drennan. Neola E. Plate, Mary
Duncan, Frank E. Stevens, William P.
Feeney, Joseph • Thomsen. Elizabeth
Forsyth, Annie M. Yon Llndeman.O.C.A.
7. Friesenhausen. Mary Wigginton, Katie
Gallagher, Mary Young, William H.
BEGLEY— In this city, July 15.' 1899, James E.
Begley, beloved brother of John A. Begley, a
native of the Island of Jersey, aged •45 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services at
• 2 o'clock. Interment ■ Mount .Calvary Ceme-
tery. . ■ . - * "-••■'.. '•-•': -.:•.
CLAPP— In this city, July 16. 1899, Harry A.\
beloved husband of Lottie Clapp, ami be-
loved brother of F. W^ Clapp'. Mrs. .W. H.
Loring and G. W. Hooper, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 36 years. • .'
CTFrlends and acquaintances, are respect-^
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
■ pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment private. Masonic Cemetery.. Please
omit flowers. - - .y-y:...
COLWELL— In San Rafael, July 16, 1899, Jesse,
beloved husband ci Mary J. Colwell. ,. and
father of Grant. Victor and Ida M- Colwell.
a native. of Ohio, aged 66 years 3 months and
23 days.
CTFuneral services will be held to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the First Presby-
terian Church, In Bolinas. Marin County. "
DAVIS— In Wells. Nev., July 14,' 1899, Fred-
' crick Washington Davis, a native of Canada,
aged 64 years and 11 months.- .
CTTho funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 1:30 /.'clock, from his, late resi-
dence, 612 Fifteenth street. East | Oakland.
. Friends and acquaintances are a respectfully
Invited ,to attend. '. Under the auspices of.
Brooklyn Lodge No. 225, F. and' A. M. "
DESMOND— In this city, July. 16, 1899', Timothy
'•■... George, beloved son of John and Catherine
1 Desmond, and brother of Daniel, James, John,
Margaret, Catherine and Amelia Desmond, a
. native of San Francisco, aged 12 days:
DRENNAN— Alameda, July 15. 1899. Neola
Estelle, only daughter of Valla K. and Pearl'
. Drennan, and sister of Clyde and Valla Dren-
nan. a native of California, aged 4 years 4
months and 27 days.
DINKELSPIEL— In this city. July 13, 1599, Elsa
Z., beloved daughter of Emile and Carrie
Dinkelsplel, and sister of Sophie B. and
M. Walter Dinkelsplel, a native of San Fran-
. Cisco, aged 15 years and 23 days. -
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. Louis ■- Sloss, 1500 Van Ness • avenue.
. Interment Homo of Peace . Cemetery, by
special" train from Third , and Townsend
. streets at 2:30 o'clock. ...
I DUNCAN— Oakland, July 16. 1899, ' Frank
. Eugene, ' beloved son of • George • and Daisy
Duncan, a native :of Oakland, aged 4 years
.6 months and 4 days. . ■
FEENEY— this city, July 15, 1899. Joseph,
beloved husband of Ellen Feeney, and father
of | Frank, Joseph, James, Edward and : the
late Mary Feeney, a native of the town of
Longford, County Longford, Ireland, aged 65
• years. •-.■■' '■ ■ • ' ''"•',' ' -.-.->. '■'y
• ■ CTFrlends > and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the - parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Nees avenue, thence
• to St: Peter's Church for services. ,'7>.v-.
FORSYTH^-In . this city." July ; 15, 1899, Annie
7 M.. beloved wife of Robert Forsyth, a native
' HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND; EMBALMERS,
'-. 20 Fifth st. opposite ' Lincoln -chnol. .
Telephone South 80. ■y- ...?;. -7 7;,- ".;
I mMmmmm^Bmnmaaatutwm,mmnmmwmmmmßmmanmmmmwmmme
McAVOY & CO.. £
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
. 1236 Market st., between Bth. and 9th. |
-■■'-■■ -. 7 7 Telephone, South > 247. j-'-"^ - -'. .
of Pert Byron, 111., aged 47 years 11 months
and 27 days. ' ■ .. .' . •:
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
. tend • the funeral this , day (Monday), at 11
o'clock, from her late residence, 1304 Leaven-
worth street. Interment privatj. •
FRIESBNHAUSEN-In this city, July 16, 1899,
. Mary, ■ dearly beloved wife of John -Friesen-
"• hausen, - dearly beloved mother- of John A.*,
Henry and Charles Friesenhausen and Mrs.
- P. Leonhardt, and aunt of Mrs. E.« Dammas,
a native Of Bavaria, Germany, aged 63 years.
(New York papers please copy.) '
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence,' 1410 Devisadero street, between Geary
and O'Farrell, thence to St. Boniface's
. Church, Golden Gate avenue, .near Jones
street, where a solemn requiem high mass
I will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ? '•
GALLAGHER —In this city, July 15, . 1899,
Mary, . beloved wife of John Gallagher, and
mother of Peter Lavelle, Mrs. P. McHugh
and Owen, John, Joseph, Nellie and Edward
. Gallagher, a native of County Mayo, Ireland,
- aged 52 years 11 months and 17 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited- to -attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
: - dence, 1332 Broadway, near Larkin, thence to
St. Brijtid's Church, -.Van Ness avenue- and
• Biotfdway, , where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment JMount Cal-
vary Cemetery. >V '/.,'" "' '
GRIFFITHS— In this city, July 16, 1899. James
: Griffith, a native of Liverpool, England, aged
.73 years. . ,-.--•
KENEALY— 'this city, July .15. 1899, Ellen,
dearly beloved wife of Patrick Kenealy, and
; mother of . Mrs. L. Wilson, < John Kenealy,
Mrs. M. Costello, Mrs. J. Costello. Thomas
Kenealy and Mrs. W. Mahoney, a native of
Ireland, aged 72 years. :•- .
LAEREMANS —In this city, July 16, 1899.
. Frederick -C, youngest son of, Frank J. and
Mary F. Laeremans, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 month and 15 days. .
McKEOWN —An anniversary requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of the late Caroline Mary McKeown, be-
loved mother of Mrs. J. Lonney, Mrs. M. A.
Hurley and John and James McKeown, at St.
Rose's -Church, Brannan street, to-morrow
.^(Tuesday), commencing at 9 o'clock. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully invited to
•attend. .' 7-7- "■ - : ,
McMENAMIN— Oakland, July 15, 1899, Anne,
•beloved wife of the late Daniel McMenamln,
and aunt of J. J. McLaughlin, a native of
Ireland. yyy-yr y- ■-.-.-.
CTFi lends are respectfully invited to at-
- tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 8:30
o'clock, from her late residence, , 1161 Frank-
lfn street, thence to the Church of the Im-
maculate Conception, where a solemn requiem
' high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery.
MA-LONEY— In this city, July 15, 1599, Amelia
R.,' dearly beloved wife of Thomas B. Ma-
loney, mother of Harry Harrington and Ed-
win Maloney, daughter of Henry- and Martha
Massoni, and sister of Mrs. W. B. Drown and
Louis Massoni, a native of San Francisco. ■
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1542 Howard street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Tenth and - Howard streets,
for sen-ices commencing at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. 7-7
PLATE— this city, July -45, 1899, Mary, -be-
loved wife of Frank E. Plate, mother of
Frankie Pljfce, and sister of Maggie, Andrew
and Abe Wall of Virginia City, Nev., a na-
tive of Virginia City, Nev., aged 25 years.
(Virginia City, Nev., papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theodor Dlerks, undertaker. 957 Mission
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, , commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STEVENS— In this city. Juiy rt, 1899, William
P., beloved son of Catherine and the late
Joseph Stevens, and brother of James F., Jo-
seph A., John E., Mary A. and Helen Stev-
ens, a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years
5 months and 6 days. .
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1325 California street, thence to St.
i Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing- at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. <-r-yy ;':<■' yr
THOMSEN— Iif this city. July 16. 1899, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of the late Henry Thorn-
sen, a native of Germany, aged 62 years 4
months and 16 dajs.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, .108 Henry street, between Noe and
Castro, Fourteenth and Fifteenth. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
YON LINDEMAN— In this city, July 16. 1899,
Otto Carl Albert, beloved husband of Jane
Amanda' yon Lindeman, and father of F. L.
yon Lindeman and Mrs. A. Fuller, a native
Of St. Thomas, Danish West Indies, aged 59
years. - • "^|fni|W)l||j|i _ TBIMQj. tp
WIGGINTON— In Peraita, South Berkeley. July
15, 1899, Katie, beloved daughter of Fred and
Margaretlja Wlgglnton, and sister of George
Wigginton, aged 15 years 3 months and 21
," day:*. ... .7-7.7, -'■'-■-.■•, 7. ; v -
YOUNG— In this city, July 15, 1899, William H..
beloved son of Bridget and the late William
E. Young, and brother of John J., Charles F.
and Cecelia A. Young and Mrs. A. M. Mac-
pherson, a native of La Porte, Cal., aged 41
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral' to-morrow
• (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 135% Fair Oaks street, thence to St.
James Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. . .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
, GRAND HOTEL. '
A J Holcomb. Cal Ruth Cushing L Ang
,C F Bates, USA .' A V Fleming, Ohio
J C Fulton. Pa OP Fleming. Ohio
W Anderson, Ariz  Norah Fleming, Cal
EJ Hennessy, Napa A R Taylor &w, Kans
W C Ely, Napa J Taylor, Kans
F W Moore, Sacto Kittle Taylor. Kans
R H Van Voorhies, Sac J H Ipgler & w, Kans
L A Laporte, Stktn • Louise Hanenn. Kans.'
W Julien & s. Nev . J W Hall, Kans
H*W Smith. Chgo / Mrs J R Race. 11l
M Goethe. Germany Miss Edith Rase, 11l
D H Shephard. Stktn Miss Ella Race. 11l
C M Atwood, Stockton J S Locke, Minn
\V A Scott, S Rafael Mrs MeArthur, Minn
F X Tracy. Sacto J AY Taylor & w, Chgo
\V Graupe, Salt Lake P D Cooney, N V
M Wattes, Salt Lake P G Brown, N V
M AVatters, Salt Lake T Mcourney. N V
J M AVatters. Salt Lake F D Stevenson, Ohio
H E Chambers. NY G W Alton &w, Ohio
T McGreevy. NY G T. Hartley, Ohio
T A Johnstone. & w, G AY Casteel.-Tenn
Boonville, Mo -- . TAV Farnsworth, Alsk
Miss M E Shields, D C J X Hopkins & w, I 'al
Miss M E Sheads. E B Jones &w,N Z*
Washington jAY E Wilson, EHensbrg
Miss LA Sheads, N D Herran, Ala
Washington J c Cobo. Ala
H L Hodgkine, Washtn E R Harty, N C
J A Mlghavacca, Napa T A Bailey & w, N V
M Salisbury. Cal, F AY Smith, Cal
P S Glide. Sacto Q AY Poole. Portland
J A Campbell. Portland G W Poole, Portland
J tit well. Cal - • J P Bevis. St Louis
Mrs lathn, Marysville E A Forbes, Marysvll
A R Niekerson. U S N W P McFoui. Cal '
>G Warlord, US N J Johnston, Mexico
D U. Eldredge, Oakland M Dukes, w & s, Pa
J Hirsch, Jpjian S Zallinger & xx, Piqua
G Hlming, Honolulu W H Armstrong, Pa
H W Sawyer,' Olympia A C Jones, pa'
AW Otis. BdSton NT Perry & w, Texas
Gella Wattson. Eureka P Masto. Stockton
..TD Pelch, Eureka Mrs A W Dresser. N J
W Dodge. Eureka W W Gilbert, USA
S tlirsh, Vallejo AY A Gilbert, USA
L E Schornemann. Cal S H Manley, Stockton
AA T T Holmes & w. Mo J p Bostwick, Stktn
O Schmidt, Tnd . Mrs T Morton, d &
M M Fawnly, Ind --■■ s, Pasadena
Alice Cushing, L Ang .'.-.-■
.' PALACE HOTEL. .
G D Clark, Pa V. . I Rebecca Lowry, Pa
.C H MacKubbln. Pa G,L Watson, R I
E B Nelson, NY Miss L Longfellow R I
E F Burnett, N V ■ '< (Miss A Jucker. R'i
J A Green, NY IS N Bailey, R I
Mrs J A Green, N V Miss M Jf Sherman, Va
W-.'E Cochrane', N V Miss E Johnston, A a
D E Ainsworth, N V Miss D J Brown Mass
Mrs Ainsworth, NY. Miss M, Piper, Mass ,
H.J Rogers, NY Miss F J Ogden, Pa -
Mrs H J Rogers, N V E O Burdan. Boston
H Heller, Chicago . E H Johnson, R I
A H Van.Cleve, N M F L Mellen. Mass
J. G Martin,- Chicago Miss M Christie, Mass
Mrs W Ren wick, Cal . O O Bowman, N J
W G Renwick, Cal Mrs Bowman, N J
■H-B Dennis,. N V Mrs M C Lancker Pa
A F Prescott, US N O T Corson, O
S W Kiting, U S V EH Mark, Ky
AY S Ramsey,- NY 'W P Hammon, Cal
G H Pratt, Or G' B Morrison, Mo
O S -Tarpit, Pa « , J E Bulkley. N V
D B Everett, NY J B Barnes, N V
Blum, Vacaville .IE Ingalls. Chicago
F H Noltner, Or Mrs E Ingalls, Chicago
A P Watson, Or " A Wilson. Colo
D P Rea, ; Or 7 Mrs A Wilson, Colo
H J Craft, H I Miss Wilson, Colo
Mrs H J Craft. HI . G Arnold, NY
Mrs A F Prescott, Or Mrs G Arnold, N V
J F Frey, O Miss Arnold. NY •.
S J- Murray, O J H Williamson. N V
M P Thomas, Chicago W S Martin. Car
P L Campbell, Or : f. WD Fredericks. Mcx
G S Houghton Boston A Mendelsohn, Mich
Miss A S Finch. Me - E Mendelsohn, . Mich
C G Campbell, Cal F H Short, Fresno
Mrs C G Campbell, Cal Mrs Short, Fresno
C Hall, 111 7 Mrs Cook, lone
G Fuller Jr.. R I JD Parks, Jackson
Mrs G Fuller Jr. R I G A Lung. US N
Sarah E Bower, Mass T R Minturn, Cal
Susan Lombard, Mass J S ! Brennerman, Minn
E S Lowry, Pa T R Hasam, Minn
Mrs E S Lowry. Pa Master Hasam, Minn
E A Hartwell, Mass ' O P Jenkins. Stanford"
Miss E Wain, Pa ' rW L Johnson, Chicago
THE ORDER OF ELKS.
Exalted Ruler Manning, who went East
to attend as a delegate from California
to the Grand Lodge of Protective Benevo
lent Order of Elks, will return to this
city on the 23d Inst. > - ". _;
-■ p San j Francisco •• Lodge -.will ■. hold " ladles'
night in Its hall in the Central block; on
the night of the Ist of -September.
1 The Grand . Lodge of Elks will meet ■in
Ban Francisco in the year 1901. :
BUTCHERS ON
A PICNIC AT
SHELL MOUND
'-• - — —
Outing of Journeymen
Meat Cutters.
— * — 
VALUABLE PRIZES ARE GIVEN
■ ''•■-. — — ■'-'
ELECTRICAL AND FIREWORKS
DISPLAY AT NIGHT.
■ - — -*- ■
More Than Three Thousand Journey
'.{■' to the Pleasure Grounds The
List of the Prize
Winners.
m
The Journeymen Butchers' Protective
and | Benevolent ' Association . yesterday
gave a most successful outing at Shell
Mound Park. More than 3000 people
journeyed over to the pleasure grounds
bent on enjoying themselves. They suc
ceeded admirably.
Many valuable game and . gate prizes
were awarded to lucky ones, and at "9
o'clock in the evening a magnificent fire
works and electrical display, costing $250,
delighted the merry picnickers. If m- <
Dancing in the big pavilion was a fea
ture of the day's amusement and was
under the direction of Floor Managers
Frank Krauer and James Howard.
The members of the committee of ar
rangements, to whom the success of the
affair is due, are: Charles M. Ruisinger,
chairman; M. R. Jaeger, secretary; Her
man Kockler, Gus Knorr and Gus Loeb.
Following are the winners in the racing
events: vCyffyf
Race for boys under George Orinrerod
first, M. McDonough second. / ■ 7 .<• -
Race for girls under 12— Annie McDonough
first, Sarah McKenzle second.
■ Young ladies' Maggie Quinn first. May
Moore second.
Young men's George Corey first, R. Mc-
Fadden second.
Married ladles', race— Mrs. Burns first, Mrs.
O'Donneil second. • •
Married men's race— W. Scanlon first, R. Mc-
Shane second.
Fat ladles' race (over 20» pounds)— Mrs.
Peterson first, Mrs. Ben Davis second.
Fat men's race— P. Smiddy first, George Ma
loney second. """**"'. . -
Journeymen ' butchers' Frank Barron
first, -Ralph Asiier second. ,'
Three-legged race— A. Mcßride. and J. Cruz
first J. and S. O'Brien second.
Pie-eating contest— R., O'Neii flrst, H. Gen
dottl second, A. Mcßride' third.
Following are the officers of the associa
tion: ; ifuyyi f_ jft Vy'f;fff
' Past president, Ben Oswald; president, John
O'Keefe; vice president, James Shepston; re
cording secretary. Ben Davis; financial secre
tary, George A. Schade: treasurer, Charles M.
Rulsincrer; conductor, James S. Isaac; marshal,
Gus Muller; board of directors— H. Koeckler,
Sam Mayer. H. F. Schwab. Gus Knorr. James
Howard; labor secretary, M. R. Jaeger.
Handball at Ryan's Court.
The attendance at Phil Ryan's hand
ball court, 858 Howard street, yesterday
afternoon was above the average of pre
vious Sundays, owing to the fact that the
juveniles of Professor. John Riordon's lat
est class were to make their first pro
fessional appearance in the court to con
tend for Ryan's gold medal for the best
three out of flve games.
The amateurs who took part were:. J.
White and M. Maguire* against J. Collins
and E. Foy. White and Maguire won by
the following score: 21-11, 17-21. 21-20.
While Collins and Foy. were defeated,
their play was full of vim and was
marked by some hard hitting. The other
scores were:
B. Clements and W. -Hassell defeated M.
Maguire and E. Antron. Score, 21-17, 19-21,
21-14.
J. Sharp and W. Silvia defeated H. Hassell
and D. Mahoney. Score,- 21-7, .10-21, 21-3.
A single-hand game— Clements defeated
W. Collins.' Score, 21-7. 20-21. 21-4.
R. Dolan and J. Hand defeated Klelber Ab
bott and J.. Kenealy. Score, 21-18. 17-21, 21-6.
G McDonald and P. Steiner defeated C. Mc-
Kinnon and H. Racoullat. Scort, 21-13, 8-21,
21-19.
W. H. Sleberst and D. Regan defeated W.
Murphy and E. McDonough. Score, 21-11, 9-21,
21-16. yyy-' • • "•
T. McManus and C. Bash defeated P. Bash
and M. Berwtn. Score, 21-9,. 16-21, 21-12
J. Condon and E. Barry defeated T. Lydon
and J. Kirby. Score. 21-14, 10-21. 21-17.
P Ryan and J. Brown defeated M. Masch and
R. Housman. Score, 21-16. 12-21 21-19. •
In serving from the flag, which is the old
game of handball, J. Harlow defeated A.
Hampton. The feature of the game was the
terrific sen-ice of Harlow. Score: '»
J. Harlow Vl9 21 21
A. Hampton ...■■.. •'•* l 13 lo
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
I Newton and Florence S. Rosekransto Her
man M Seebeck. lot on W line of Cook street,
100 S of Geary, S 25 by AY 120; $10.
Thomas Magee to Edith A". A. Lamoree (wife
of D J.), lot on E line of Masonic avenue 303:1
N of Frederick street, N 27:6, E 62:6, SAY 27:6,
W 60; $10.
Edward J. and Lily C. Wales to Amelia A.
Cole (wife of Henry J), lot on S line of Beulah
street, 131:3. E of Stanyan. E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Kate M. Handy to Henri Fabregue, lot on, N
line of Bush street, 45:10 E of Taylor, E 22:11
by N 100; $10. ' ■ V
Mary Cummlngs to Anthony Quill, lot on E
line of De Haro street, 200 S of Nevada, S 40
by E 100; $10. . ■ •'• - V ~
.'•b '■<: bb-'- Alameda County. '
'•- PS Wilcox (by P. Borien. Tax Collector)
to same the N 6 feet of lots 1 to 4, 7 to 10 and
12, block- 757, Hougham Tract, Oakland, tax
ce'ed; $9. '
P. S. Wilcox (by J. W. Tompkins, Tax Col
lector) to same, lots 1 to 4, 7 to 10, block 757,
Marsh Lands, Oakland, tax deed; $145. . ■/
Same to same, all of entire block 766,. Marsh
Lands, Oakland, tax deed; $197.
Same to same, tame, Oakland tax deed; $191.
Same to same, lots 14 to 17, Mock 755, same,
Oakland, tax deed: $73.
Same to same, lots 1 to 4, 7 to 10 and 12,
block 757. same, Oakland, tax deed; $141.
P. S. Wilcox (to- J. A. Webster, Tax Col
lector)' to same, the N 1 foot of lots 14 to 17,
block * 755, Hougham Tract, Oakland, tax
deed; $8.
G. J. D. and Catherine E. Kyte to Sarah E.
Kloos, lot on E line of Market street, 200 S
of Alicia. E 54. 58, AY 63.60, N 32.12 to beginning,
'"being the S portion of lot 44, Milton Tract,
Oakland; $10.
Arthur J. Hood to William and Jane B. Mc
intosh, lot on E. line of Cypress street. 175 N
of Fifth, N 25 by E 107:3, being the AY 107:3
of lot 10, block 492, Oakland; $10.
William O'Neill to Fannie M. O'Neill, lot on
S line of Ashby avenue. 150 E of Shattuck, E
48:8 by S 100, being a portion of lot 4. block
C, amended map of Newbury Tract, Berkeley;
also certain business known as the Peraita
Postoffice store; gift.
 Elizabeth Pavlicevlch (by Oscar L. • Rogers,
Sheriff) to Richard Moore, lot -9, block 91,
tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Improvement
Association, Berkeley; $300.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Robert A.
Allen, "lots 7 and 8, block 4, Allendale Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
. Mar j- . H. Morrison to William Todd, lot on
NE corner of Nichol avenue and Taylor street,
N 150 by E 50, being lots 17 and 18,. block E,
corrected map of Nichol Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Walter M. and Mary T. Axtell to Ajißelm
Schaffler, lot on E line of Bray avenue, 387.03
N of East Fourteenth street. E 150. S 41, W 150,
N 41 to beginning, being a portion of lot 53,
Bray Tract. Brooklyn Tftwnshlp; $10. • ■■ • '
'Stephen and Victoria E. Morse to J. C. Mc-
Mullen, lot on E line of Telegraph avenue. 50
N of AVeston, N 64, E 130, S 57.23, W 130 to
beginning, being lot 2 and a portion of lot 1,
resubdlvlsion of Weston Tract, Oakland; $10.
Catherine Barber to. Joseph E. Barber, undi
vided interest in lots 26 and 27, block 90, Oak
land: gift. ■■- :
B. Kelsey to McCarthy Company (a corpora
tion), lot 4, block X, Golden Gate Tract, Oak
land (quitclaim deed); $5. ',
Obbe Jans to Maria Jans- (wife of Obbe), lot
on E line of Chester etreet, ,358:6 S of West
Twelfth, E 125, 8 150. W- 125. N 50. being lot
22 on map showing subdivision of property be
longing to John Ziegenbeln, surveyed August
— 1573, Oakland: also lot on W line of Union
street, 192 8 of West Eighth. N 32, W 214:2, S
33. E 213:6 to beginning, being lot 5, block 534,
Oakland; also lot on NE corner of San An
tonio avenue and Oak street, E 92 by N 45,
being lots 4 and 5, block S. lands adjacent to
Enclnal. Alameda: gift. 7 .•" < -
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mrs.
Theodora J. Fischer, lot 83, in plat 34, Moun
tain View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $96.
Guillimne and Mary' Peladeau. to Parafflne
Paint Company (a corporation), , all interest in
lot beginning at : a point on beach of bay of
San Francisco at NW corner of Plat 41. rancho
V. and D. -Peraita, thence NE 261.7 to W line
.of right of way of Northern Railway Company,
S .5*9:10 to point of* intersection of said right of
way with N , line of - Beaudry - and Peladeau
Tract, thence W 267.7, N 56:10 to beginning,
portion 'of ■ plat 41, rancho ' V. and D. Peraita,
Oakland Township: $10. . ;. '-yy
John Stewart . (assignee of ; estate of A. -C.
Stoddard, and A. - S. -.Barber, > Insolvent, • vs.
A. S. and Ida F. Barber, by John L. Bromley,
commissioner) to John Stewart (assignee of
estate of A. C. Stoddard, and A. S. Barber,
insolvent debtors), undivided interest in estate
of A. S. Barber conveyed to Ida F. Barber and
John and Ada M. Hinkel to Elmer E. Nich
ols, lot on S line of Charming way, 150 W of
Fulton street, thence S 135 for a point of be
ginning, I thence W 50 by S 165, being I portion
of lot 6, block 3, College Homestead Tract,
Berkeley; $100.
recorded in 607 d 36.. all Interest In estate of
Arthur 9. Barber, deceased, No. 14. 631; grant.
Pan Francisco and Oakland M. L. Associa
tion to William E. Boody, lot on N line of Has
kell street, 250.96 W of. Mabel. W 105. N 114.63,
E 105.05, S .111.66 to beginning, being lots 18
to 22, except E 20 feet of lot 22 on map of re
subdivided portion of block D and portion of
block E» Carrison Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Mary B. Pratt to C. E. Hatch., all Interest
In following: Lot on S line of Seventeenth
street, 125 W of Clay, W 25 "by S SO; also lot
on N line of Seventeenth street. ■ 100 - W of
Telegraph avenue, W 37:6 by N 108, Oakland;
note— deed Is executed and accented as
security for the payment of a promissory note
for $213 50; $213. -
Builders' Contracts. :
Etienne Messager • (owner) with Daniel Ein
stein (contractor and architect)— All work for
a 2-story finished attic frame dwelling (flats)
on lot on N line of Fell street, 151:3 W of Lyon,
W 25 by S 137:6. Western Addition 607: $5000.
Ethel C. Becht (owner) with Denke Bros,
(contractors), .architect A. Reinhold Denke Jr.
— All work for a 2-story frame dwelling on lot
on N line of Frederick street, 50 E of Cole. E
25 by N 110; $2500. '
John D. Spreckels and W. D. K. Gibson (own
ers) . with Charles Burdett (contractor), archi
tects Reid Bros.— Excavations, brick work,
carpentry, glass, plastering, painting, etc.,
except plumbing, gas fitting, electric wiring
and steam heating for the two new basements
of two houses removed from the NE corner of
Pacific and Laguna streets, one to lot on 3 line
of Broadway in same block, the other to ? line
of Broadway, between Buchanan and Webster
streets; $1247. -' • •
Frank Piper (owner) with William Little
(contractor), architect none— work for al
terations and additions to make a 2-story and
basement frame residence •on • lot commencing
at SW corner of Jackson and Broderick streets,
thence W along the S line of Jackson 112:6,
thence S 127:8%, W 25, N 127:8.4. E 25; $2525.
WEATHER REPORT. .
(120 th Meridian— Paciflc Time.)
SAN. FRANCISCO, July 16—5 p. m.
. The following maximum .temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 60 San Diego 6$
Fresno 100- Sacramento .- 92
Dos Angeles 76 Independence .:.. — 94
Red Bluff..* 102 Yuma 101
San Luis Obispo 78 ......
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 50; mean, 56. y-iff
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS. i
Fair weather prevails over th? Pacific Slope
except in Eastern Arizona, where light showers
have occurred. The pressure has risen over
the entire country west of the Rocky Moun
tains. --.••'• ~ ._■
The temperature has risen over the Paclflc
Slope except along the Immediate coast. The
greatest rise has been over Eastern Oregon
and Northern Nevada. >V;'- '.-■:. ■
Conditions are favorable for fair and con
tinued warm weather in the interior valleys
Monday. - tft -y Jr ■> ■■
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, July 17. 1899:
Northern California— Monday,' except fog
along the coast Monday morning; warmer lv
the San Joaquin Valley: fresh northwest winds.
Southern : California— Monday; warmer;
light northwest winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Monday; warmer.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Monday, with thunder
storms' in the mountains.
San Francisco and vicinity— Monday, ex
cept foggy in the morning ; fresh northwest
Wind. G. H. WILLSON,
yi-yi Local Forecast Official.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ."-"•..
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort- Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY. JULY 17.
Sun rises ......5:01
Sun sets '• 7:30
Moon sets 0:00 a. m.
•0 Time Time Time Tim
g. Ft. . 1 Ft. 1 .Ft.
?LWHW LW H\
( { 1 1 1 [ —
17 .. 0:40 0.7 7:381 3.4 11:31 2.8 8:1
18 '.. 1:40 0.2 8:58 3.7 12:36] 3.0 7:(
19!.. 2:34-0.3 9:59! 4.0 1:43 3.1 8:(
20... 3:241—0.7 10:44 4.5 2:44 3.1 9:(
21 . . 4:11—1.0 11:281 4.7 3:44 3.0 9:!
22 ... 4:56—1.1 12:06 . 5.0 4:40 2.7 10:'
23 ... 5:40—1.1 12:40 5.2 5:34 2.3 11:-
L W T 1
Jt.
j Ft.
| 5.7
; 6.0
I 6.1
! 6.3
! 6.4
I 6.4
' 6.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column .the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings .on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Portland ....... St. Michael July 17
America Maru.. China and Japan July 17
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor July 17
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay July 17
Cora Bay Newport..  July 17
Crescent City.. (Crescent City July 17
Areata Coos Bay.. July 17
Homer 'St. .Michael July 1J
Columbia Portland. July 19
Corona. 'San Diego July 19
Cleveland ...... IPuget 50und........ July 19
Washtenaw .... Tacoma July 19
Fulton P0rt1and.................. July 19
Weeott ...IHumboldt July 19
Aloha Point Arena. ; [July 19
Colon ' .-•• Panama (July 20
Willamette 'Seattle July 20
Chas Nelson... St. Michael July 20
Luella 'Tillamook July 20
Bonlta Newport (July 2L
Walla Walla... I Victoria & Puget Sound! July 21
Australia .. H0n01u1u..... July 21
Point Arena.... (Point Arena July 21
Mackinaw (Tacoma July 21
Santa Rosa San'Dlego July 23
Stat- California Portland July 24
City of Peking. (China and Japan July 29
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
State of Cal|Portland......|July 17. 10 am Pier -4
Pt Arena.. |Polnt Arena.. [July 17, 2pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego July 17. 11 am Pier 11
San Juan. .'Panama Uuly 18. ft m PMSS
Pomona ... (Humboldt Uuly 18. 2 pmlPier 9
A Blanch'd'Cooa 8ay...... 1 July 18, 10 am|Pler 13
Coqullle R. [Grays Harbor July 19, 2 pm [Pier 28
Coo« Bay... 'Newport l.Tu'v 19. 9 am' Pier 'i
Areata ....|Coosßay Uuly 19, 10 amlPier 13
City PueblalVic # Pet Sd.'.Tuly 20, 10 amlPier 4
We'eott ....IHumboldt.. ...[July 20. 2 pmlPier 13
Portland ..St. Michael.. '.Uuly 20. 2 pm]
Corona ....'San Plego.....Uuly 21. 11 amlPier 11
Fulton ]Humboldt [July 21, 2 pm|Pier 20
America M.lChina&JapanUuly 22, 1 pm'PMSS
Columbia ..[Portland July 22, 10 am Pier 21
Cleveland ..Paget Pound.. Uuly 22 «l
Bonita [Newport (July 23, 9 am' Pier 11
Luella ITillamook 'July 23 .|.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Pier i\
Pier 2
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRPVED.
Sunday. July 16.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Gielow, 23 hours from San
Simeon.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 53. hours from
AMctorla and Puget Sound porta.
Stmr Gipsy, Shea. 26 hours from Moss Land
ing. __
Stmr, North Fork, Bash, 23 hours from Eu
reka. ,
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. 18 hours from Eu
reka. ' •■■•-*..
Stmr George Loomis, Badger, 33 hours from
Ventura. . . „ « _
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs. 53 hours from San Pedro.
Tug Maggie, Carr, 4 days from Alsea River,
with schr Dewey In tow.
Bark Carrollton, Jones, 88 days from New
castle, Aus. '
Schr La Glronde, Hansen, 4 days from Grays
Harbor. ' . ■ ' f.f __,
Schr Dewey, , 4 days from Alsea River,
in tow of. tug Maggie. • . -
'Schr Mary Etta, Anderson,- 14. hours from
Fisks Mill. , f-fff '
SAILED. yyy
, Sunday. July 16.
Stmr Novo. Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen. Point Arena.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 16. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW: velocity 14 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS, f y:y
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 16— Stmr Na
varro, from Usal. '_
FORT ROSS— Sailed July Schr Nettie
Sundborg. for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed July Stmr Rival,
for San Frarfcisco.-- ,-•■"•,
Arrived July 16— Stmr .Newburar. hence July
"BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived July 16-Sohr
Newark, hence July 15.
TACOMA— 7 July -.15— Stmr- Olympia,
from Hongkong; bktn George C Perkins, hence
July 1: stmr Washtenaw, hence. July 13 —
Sailed July Stmr Cleveland, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Washtenaw, for San Francisco. •
SEATTLE— Arrived July 15-9tmr Progreso,
hence July 12.. _
. TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— July 16— Stmr Luca
nia, from Liverpool, '■ for New York.
HAVRE— July 16— Stmr La Cham
pagne, from New York.
NEW YORK— July 16— Stmr : Poto
mac, ■ from Liverpool.
-
910
SUPERVISORS
WILL SUSTAIN
PHELAN'S VETO
Original Anti - Pool
Law Stands.
. — ♦ —
MO HOPE FOR INGLESIDE
— ♦ —
MAJORITY MEMBERS HAVE HAD
TROUBLE ENOUGH.
♦
They Had a Quiet Little Talk Last
Night During Which They Dis
cussed the Corporation As
sessments.
4
Mayor Phelan's veto of the "coursing
order" will probably be sustained by the
Board of Supervisors and the anti-pool
polling- law as originally passed will be
allowed to stand. This, at least, was the
disposition of the majority of the Board
of Supervisors when they met last even
ing to discuss the numerous matters
which arc to come before them to-day.
Members and friends of the Ingleside
Coursing Association! which is directly
affected by the Mayor's message of dis
approval, have beset the members of in.
board since Mr. Phelan's decision was an
nounced yesterday morning, but the
board is disposed to let the matter rest
as it is.
'"Wo have had trouble enough over this
racing matter as it Is.' said a prominent
member of the majority last evening.
"They have threatened us with all sorts
of bodily harm ami political disaster, and
I think the board is quite willing to jet
the Mayor wrestle with the question him
self. There are fully five thousand peo
ple who are interested In coursing wno
are as mad a lot of Indians over ..»«
Mayor's action, and the problem may
prove Interesting yet. I think there Is
little danger that his veto will be over
ruled."
The police had been instructed to be on
hand and prevent either bookmaking or
pool selling at Ingleside yesterday, but !
there was no call for their services. line i
association abided by the veto and tne j
coursing was declared off. Just what .
steps the club will take next it has not
yet decided.
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
A Quiet Sunday at the City's Pleas
ure Places.
It was a quiet day at the park and cint
yesterday. Although the sun shone
brightly throughout the day there was a
chill in the air that diminished the en
joyment of the crowds. At all the pleas
ure places the Oregon boys in their khaki
uniforms appeared and created much in
terest and favorable comment. Not an
accident worthy of mention occurred dur
ing tire day.
At the < hutes the usual crowd gathered.
interest being *li\id*jd between the big
kangaroo and the lion tamer. A large
number of the Oregon regiment also vis
it*..', this place, and were received with
applause by the crowd when they entered
the theater.
.Sutro's Baths were crowded during
many hours of the day. The usual
aquatic contests were held, with the fol
lowing results: Fifty-yard dash— R. Cook
won, G. Si. th second. One-hundred-yard
dash— J. Laird won, S. Ralston "sec
ond. One-hundred-yard dash, ama
teur—E. Bonnifield won. R. Reding
second. Tub race G. Sieth won, J.
Laird second, H. Olsen third. High
diving for boys— E. Bonnifield won. G.
Bleth second. Trick and fancy spring
board .living— S. Ralston won, H. Stelljes
second.:;
ANOTHER RICH STRIKE.
High Grade Ore Found in the Famous
Gwin Mine.
- A vein of high-grade ore has been en
countered in sinking the shaft of the !
Gwin mine at a depth of 1.770 feet perpen- |
dicular. Average samples of the vein
show a value of from $15 to $30 per ton.
It is an entirely new pay shoot, running
parallel with the main ore body on the
west. The finding of this unexpected par
allel vein means a great deal for deep
mining on the mother lode.
The ore is of the same character and
looks like that found on the 1800-foot level
of the Kennedy mine, which is the deep
est mine now working on the mother lode.
The extent of the rich ore encountered is
not yet known. No developments have
been made except what was taken out In <
the sinking of the shaft, but the finding of !
this ore body means a great deal for the i
future of this famous mine.
MARTINETTI IS HERE.
Popular Actor and Entertainer Comes
to Attend Bohemian Club Jinks.
Tgnaclo Martinetti, the popular actor,
entertainer and royal good fellow, who 13
probably best remembered by San Fran
ciscans as Zou Zou in "Trilby," when that
play was first produced in this city, is in
town once more. Mr. Martinetti arrived
yesterday and was immediately taken in
charge by a delegation of Bohemians,
who marched him off' in triumph to the
abode of the owl. Mr. Martinettl's visit
to San Francisco at 'this time is solely for
the purpose of attending the midsummer
Jinks of the Bohemian Club, which is
scheduled to take place next Saturday
night, and at which the versatile actor
will be one of the stellar attractions. He'
will be a guest of the club during his stay
in tho city.
The Tivoli "Blue Beard."
The burlesque of "Blue Beard" at the
Tivoli Opera-house has caught, the popu
lar fancy and crowded houses are as
sured during its run. Next week the
twentieth season will finish with a superb
production of "Wang." in which Edwin
Stevens will be seen In the title role. On
Monday. July 31, the grand opera season
will open at the Tivoli with a fine- cast,
many singers having been engaged in Eu
rope for the season. The repertoire of
opera will Include "Othello." "i, Bo
heme' "The Jewess," "Queen of Sheba"
and "Lohengrin."
Cheap Prices.
Fruit Jars
Pints, per doz., 40 cts.
Quarts, per doz , 50 cts.
Half gallon, per doz., 65 cts.
Jelly Glasses.
Coy. per doz 25c.
It Pays to Come to
.(Jreat A l m or tinttT C 0 -
. HI Market st., op- 35.7 Hayes st.
' poslte Powell. 2008 Fillmore st
140 Sixth st. i 606 Kearny st. '.".->'
2510 Mission st., 3006 Sixteenth st
near 21st. 1.19 Devisadero st
1419 Polk st. 705 Larkin st.
146 Ninth st. 3285 Mission st.
.-; 2 1 Montgomery 2732 Twenty-fourth
nvenue. street.
118 Third st 62 Market st.
BIG PRESENTS FREE
With
. TEAS.. COFFEES, SPICES.
s "'• ' " b V . ' .' •" t '
Captain Pybus and the Chinese Consul Arguing With the Mutineers.
A MUTINY ON
THE TRANSPORT
STEAMER TARTAR
Chinese Grew Refused
to Do Duty.
— • —
DEMANDED INCREASE OF PAY j
— • —
CONSUL SHOW TING ASKED TO
EFFECT SETTLEMENT.
— ♦
Coolies Would Not Listen to Him.
Captain About to Send Them
Home as Mutineers When
They Surrendered. ' •
-— —
The Chinese crew on the British steam
er Tartar has been in a state of mutiny
for three days, and it was only yester- !
day that they were brought to their
senses. Captain Pybus threatened to
send them all back to British Columbia
as mutineers anu fill their places with
white labor or another Chinese crew. I
i The threat had mora effect upon the crew '
than all the persuasive eloquence of Con- ,
sul Show Ting or the imperative orders of I
Consul General Ho Vow. The coolies I
were willing to go to almost any length j
to secure their end. but the loss of pay
and the "prospect of a term in a British
jail was too much of an alternative, so j
they went back to work.
When the Arizona (now the Hancock) ;
came here from Puget Sound under char
ter to the United States Government Her j
captain was in a similar dnemma to the j
one Captain Pybus has just got out of. i
Her Chinese crew said they were tired i
! of the voyage between Puget Sound and !
i China via Japan, and that there was no j
j mention of the Philippines in the articles. \
j They refused to go to Manila on the yes- i
i sel, unless they were paid an extra sum- j
equivalent to a month's wages." Their de- i
mand was ignored and the coolies went ,
on a strike. All the work in the engine
and lire rooms came to a stop and the
ship was not cleaned for several days.
No meals were cooked aboard and the
white members of the crew had to eat ;
ashore. The upshot ot the matter was !
that the Chinese won tne da*- and got I
the extra pay in advance, before they :
■ went to work again.
A number of the coolies who won their |
i first strike on the Arizona now form part :
of the crew of the Tartar. These clever !
! fellows knew all about getting the bet-
I ter of a shipmaster when nls vessel was <
j wanted in a hurry, so after the transport I
i had been a couple of days In port they j
\ Informed Captain Pybus that they would
! not go to Manila on the vessel unless
| they were given a bonus of an extra
I month's pay. This made the worthy I
| skipper angry and he told tne spokesman
, that . he wouldn't give the men a cent
! more than their wages, and if he heard
of any more such nonsense a number of
their liberties would be curtailed.
When tne captain's message was dcliv- \
ered to the Chinese they quit work in a
, body. The cooks left the galley, the wait
ers Btopoed cleaning up the -saloons and
| state rooms, the firemen and coal passers
i deserted the fireroom and the oilers left '
i the engineers to manage the machinery i
"themselves. The sailors who were clean
j ing up the decks Joined their brethren,
j and. the entire force adjourned- to the I
j forecastle and held a counsel of war.
They all came from a British "port on a
British ship, and therefore they had no ■
; right to land in the United States. Captain :
; Pybus is under bonds to see that none of
! the Chinese escape, and several custom- j
house officers were on watch to prevent
; their coming -ashore. ' No food was al- I
; lowed to be sent aboard to them, and soon [
the mutineers began to get hungry. They
saw the white members of the crew going I
and coming at meal time, so they deter- i
mined to eat also. The cooks went, back
to the galley, while a gang of the strikers
went to the storeroom in a body and over
powering the watchman helped them
: selves.
It was after this occurrence- that' Cap- j
j tain Pybus sent word to the Chinese con- |
I sulate. In answer to his message Consul !
i Show Ting soon appeared on the scene".
He called his countrymen together and I
explained the evil of their ways to them.
He pointed out' that they had signed an i
agreement, not only for a voyage to Puget
Sound and return to Hongkong, but also
to go wherever the captain might desire, i
to * take the ship,- so long as they were
back in the port of shipment at a given
time. He strongly emphasized the fact j
that their conduct was mutinous, but he
might as well have talked to a stone wall.
The crew of the Arizona got an extra I
month's pay without work for going to i
Manila, and they were striking to get the j
same or else they, would not work
Consul Show, Ting went back to the con
sulate and reported the failure of his
mission to Consul General Ho Yoy.-That
gentleman did not argue with the muti
THE' SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAT, JULY 17, 1899.
neers, but ordered them peremptorily to
return to work or they would be dealt
with In the proper manner upon their
return to China. This staggered some of
the malcontents and they were ready to
go back to work, but the ringleaders
finally persuaded them to hold out, so
Consul General Ho Vow had to retire also
without having accomplished anything.
When the state of affairs was reported
to Captain Pybus be said:
"A coolie never got the* better of me.
yet, and I'm not going to. knuckle under
now. If they don't want to go to Manila,
why. ill just ship them back to Victoria.
B. <".. where they will get a taste of Brit
ish justice. They are mutineers and as
such shall go back to the sound in irons."
Captain Pybus was as good as his word.
He secured a permit from the Custom
bouse to transfer the Chinese, arranged
with the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany to send them north on the - I matilla
and was making arrangements for a crew
of white firemen to go to work to-day
when the Chinese heard of what was. go
ing on and at once weakened. They not
only gave up the idea of an extra month's
pay. but expressed themselves as per
fectly willing to make the voyage to Ma
nila, and not one of them grumbled when
he was docked three days' pay and fined
three days more for refusing duty.
The strikers caught a tartar and there
is a meek and lowly set of Mongels on
the Tartar these days. ' -, :
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY If
lecommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it la pure.
Universal Brotherhood.
At the regular weekly meeting of the
Universal Brotherhood of the Theosophl
cal Society, held last night in the hall of
the Academy of Sciences, a lecture was
delivered by Mrs. M. M. Thirds. The title
JUMPS IN FRONT OF
FAST MOVING TRAIN
CHARLES SA'LORT. a . collector for Joseph Lagomarslno, a vegetable
gardener at Twenty-ninth avenue and: California street, was. struck by
a train yesterday r and probably fatally injured on the Ferries and Cliff
House' road under circumstances which, savor of mental aberration or a
desire to make a dramatic exlt.lrom' this world. • -. . > > . ,
Salorl" jumped from a- west-bound train directly In .front of another
coming from the opposite direction, but- It- is hot known whether lie miscalcu
lated the distance or whether he made a deliberate attempt to. commit suicide.
For ten years he had been making dally trips to the city, traveling to and fro
on the steam cars. There Is, an up grade at Twenty-ninth avenue. which ne
cessitates slackening the speed of the put-bound trains, and; it* has been Salo
ri's custom to jump off. at this point, which he could easily do : without danger
to life or limb, especially as he invariably chose the. side farthest from the In
side track. Yesterday; however, he varied the programme, and will probably
forfeit his life in consequence. . : . ' . . ..,',-.-
Salorl left the city shortly after noon, but instead of jumping off when the
train began to climb the, up grade at Twenty-ninth avenue, he waited until it
had reached Thirty-first avenue, and then. Instead of taking the clear side, he
leaped to the ground in the opposite direction, landing in the middle j of the
track in front of an oncoming train. ... ' ;
Engineer Sam Smith saw the man jump, but although he reversed his en-,
gine and applied the brakes as quickly as possible could not avert the acci
dent. Salorl was struck by the pilot of the. engine and, thrown .to the side ol
the track. He was picked up in an unconscious • condition '•'■ and j taken to the
house of his employer, a short distance away. " Drs. 'Cleary -and -Williamson,
were summoned, and .they found that Salori had sustained a fracture of the
base of the skull. They also found indications that he was injured internally.
After a careful examination they -announced that he' could not' possibly re
cover. -'-'■, -. ; 'bt" ■' ::-.--*-'7-> •*..-.-. .•/,.'
Policeman Steve. Bonner, acting under instructions from- Captain, Wittman
placed the engineer. under arrest and took him to the Central: Station.
After making a statement of the affair 'Smith' was allowed jto 'go on his own
recognizance, ''"■•'.'. ?.. • -• ' ■ . -" " i b: ;
was "Masters of Comparison," and It cov
ered a discourse that was replete with
(.-♦....ocjt f.-yz i ' ■,*•• . a n^'ence. At the con
clusion of the lecture there was the usual
fo.-. .*._<!.* ._._>_ LSS.IJIi. '■ . .
SOLDIERS AT A CAKEWALK.
Oregon Volunteers to Be Admitted
• Free at Mechanics' Pavilion
To-Night.
Oregon volunteers will be admitted to
night free at the big cakewalk carnival In
Mechanics' Pavilion, and several special
I features will be put on 'for their benefit.
Little Manuel Robles, the regiment's Fili
pino mascot, will appear on the floor in
\ the uniform of a drum major and show
the people of San Francisco how to walk
according to the Filipino standard. F. C.
I Tillman, the champion cakewalker ,of
Oregon, will also walk to-night. >. *
The special feature of the entertainment
arranged for the Oregon boys, however,
will Miss Pearl Hickman in her famous
! Dewey dance. The cakewalkers of all na
tions will also start in their competitive
> walk, attired in their national costumes.
This contest will be unusually amusing
! and will take three days to decide. Among
i the other stars who will appear to-night
are C. C. J. Barr and Miss Leo La Salle
In the great electric cakewalk; John and
Martha Steward, the colored champion '•
team, and Little Ruby Cameron in her l
! Spanish Castanet dance.
Managers Buckley and Leonhardt an
nounce that $100 is the share of Saturday ,
. night's receipts which will go to fhe sol
dier boy fund, and this is expected to be
I increased to $1000 by the *nd of the week.
j Two hundred more private boxes and 2000:
more reserved seats have been added to
I accommodate the crowds.
CHIEF LEES
DID NOT TAKE
HIS SUNDAY OFF
Busy Investigating a
V* Plot.
' ' ■ — —
BURGLARY UNDER HIS NOSE
v — — -
TRUSTY CURLEY'S DISCLOSURES
CAUSE . ALARM.
ff. f~f " m'f " '-"■
Further Evidence to Show That Slot
Machines Were Rifled hy In
mates of the City
Prison.
— *-4
Chief of Police Lees did not take his
usual Sunday off yesterday. He was all
worked up over the discovery of the plot
of 'trusties to effect a wholesale jail de
livery at the City Prison, coupled with
the' knowledge that daring thieves, iden
tity unknown, had broken into the police
property-room under his very nose and
rifled a dozen nlckel-in-the-slot machines
of their monetary contents. He refused
to give out any information on either af
fair.. - fy.U ■;: yy/yr/yfyjyy. fy T. :; r.i
"I'm making an investigation," he said
"and it will take at least four days to
finish it."
Down in the City Prison it was notice
able during the afternoon that the usual
gang of trusties was missing. This may
have been from the fact that George
Abernathy, George Graham and Thomas
Curley, the trio accused of being mixed
up in the plot for the prison delivery, had
been bundled off to the County Jail to
serve their sentences, or It may have been
the result of a first step in an effort by
the police authorities to do away alto
gether with the trusty system.
"The trusty system is all wrong, any
way," said one of the officers' of the
prison. "We ought to have free, white
labor in the prison to handle the prison
ers. Then we'd get me work done right.
As it is now, we are compelled to depend
on thieves to look after thieves. We are
forced to this because there is not suffi
cient money allowed to man the prison.
Till we get it, I suppose we will have to
keep on requisitioning the Sheriff for
crooks to do the work of honest men."
The investigation of the plot to break
jail is being carried on with energy
Every nook in the- City Prison Is being
searched, in the belief that- many knives
and pistols will be found to add to the
collections of weapons unearthed after
Trusty Curley weakened and peached on
his companions. If Captain Seymour has
succeeded in finding the bunch of dupli
cate keys to the doors which Curley says
were smuggled in to his companions in
j the conspiracy, he k/ieps that - fact to
; himself. He completed his investigation
' Last night, and although he does not say
i so it is plain that he believes the prop
i erty-clerk's room containing the nlckel
in-the-slot machines was entered from the
prison, and not from the outside corridor.
The fact that the locks in the door had
not been broken Is added proof to the
story of Curley that duplicate keys were
i smuggled into the prison by an ex-pris-
I oner. 7tSß__S__ ::<:■'■ i ■ • fy'jy
The name of this ex-prisoner, which
was revealed to the police by the in-
I former, has not been divulged. They are
I looking for him with half a dozen detect
ives, and it is more than likely that he
j will be arrested within a short time.
When he is the mystery of the nickel-mi
i the-slot machine robbery may be cleared
; up with the attempted jail delivery. .
THEIR TRUST BETRAYED.
A Woman Swindled by a Man, and a '
Soldier Robbed by a Woman.
Within a few minutes of each other two
confidence cases 1 were reported at police
headquarters yesterday morning, in the
one instance the victim being a woman
and in the other. the victim being a man
and a soldier. ' 7.*; ' _.'7;
Kate McCord, who lives at 1104 Market
street, complained that a man whom she
met about 4 o'clock yesterday morning on
Geary street, near Kearny, had swindled
her. They drove in a hack to Dunn's sa
loon. 1318 Market street, where In the
goodness of her heart she gave him her
gold watch and chain and a purse con
taining $2 50 to keep for her for a short
time. He left the box where they were
seated, saying he was going .'to order
oysters, and did not return. She described
him as a man about 38 years of age. with
a black cutaway coat and black Derby
hat. »
Louis Fraser, a member of the Oregon j
regiment, complained that while in a sa
loon at 20 Mason street early yesterday
morning a woman robbed him of $60. De
tective T. B. Gibson was detailed on the
case, and he arrested a woman known as
Cad Williams, who was identified by Fra
ser and booked at the City Prison on the
charge of grand larceny. # /
: •♦ ■ - .'
Flemish and Japanese Grey Oaks with
ivory ornaments and all other new mold
ings for picture frames at Sanborn &
Vails. :': < : yy »
A DRESSMAKER INSANE.
Woman Stops at a Hotel and Causes
a Commotion.
Miss L. L. Hughes, a dressmaker, resid
ing at 330 Lexington avenue, went vio
lently Insane last night at the New West
ern Hotel, ' Kearny and Washington
streets. She was' taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where she was placed in a pad
ded cell. C -"-*.-■ ' '•'_' "-
Miss Hughes' engaged a room at the ho
tel Saturday, evening. Nothing peculiar
in her appearance was noted by the clerk,
and she talked rationally. Yesterday
afternoon she went out for a walk and
returned a couple of hours later. ' Soon
after she had gone to her apartments the
landlord heard a racket in the room and,
rushing to the door, found ft locked. He
entreated the woman to open the door,
but. she refused. She could be heard rav
ing, and the proprietor called a policeman,
thinking the woman was drunk. The door
Was opened by a small boy who entered
by way of the transom. The patrol wagon
was sent for. When Miss Hughes was
taken to the California-street station it
was found that she was insane, and sne
was immediately sent to the Receiving
Hospital. She is young and was well
. dressed. yf'f
Suffocated Under a Pillow.
• At 8 o'clock yesterday morning Mrs.
Laefmann. the wife of P. J. Laermann,
manager of the Union Delivery and Stor
age "Company, residing at 31 Stanly place,
discovered the dead body of her ijifant
son, .aged six weeks, with its head under
the pillow. The mother of the Infant had
nursed the child at midnight and then
went to sleep. When. she awoke she was
horrified to find the child dead. The death
was reported at the Coroner's offlce, hut
the body was not taken to the Morgue.
. ♦ . —
Bag-Time Hayes, the Pianist.
At Kapp & Street, tamale Grotto: nightly. •
ONE WEEK m __='
FREE '^L g
Treatment and Medicine §f.^\2
"■•. -'.for .. b .
Catarrh-Deafness, fegilp
NOISES IN THE i ears SsXs
AND THROAT DISEASES fSB&y/A
given to ; show the superior S§S§>T '. ■& ••
merit of my new Invention SsgyT J43n>*
and ANTISEPTIC treatment; j|y a_H____T
that gives many marvelous |$ft '§_j_____l
cures and so easy a child W^^. i&lS^a :
can use it In 1200 test cases « 7!_§___i^F^
all CATARRHAL, patients re- |i jMK>
lleved and. 80 per cent Deaf- "TT)- i|fflfiHpi
ness cured. Best of references »**^3*ff»iKirir
and hundreds of endorsements. But the best Is
to try it and be convinced while - you can.
FREE FOR ONE WEEK.
Call at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
639 Market St., opp. Palaoe Hotel.
-J_lfllsn^-lld^M„>l;Ud '«* P. _____
ffyyy ADVERTISEMENTS^ _^^^^
SPECIAL
SALE
HOUSEKEEPING
LINENS.
 Commencing Monday, July 17th, and continuing '
the balance of this month, we will have our regular
SEMI-ANNUAL SALE OF FINE HOUSEKEEPING
LINENS.
• The goods offered will be HAND and POWER ,
LOOM TABLE DAMASKS. HEMSTITCHED and
HEMMED HUCKABACK and DAMASK TOWELS,
HEMSTITCHED and PLAIN - DAMASK NAPKINS,
TURKISH TOWELS, DAMASK DINNER SETS, LUNCH
CLOTHS, RUSSIAN, AUSTRIAN and SCOTCH CRASH,
• GLASS. LINENS and FINE DOYLIES.
All the above Linens are from the best EUROPEAN
MANUFACTURERS, and will be offered by us at prices lower
than similar goods have ever been sold in this city.
In connection with this sale of Linens, we will
offer large quantities of FINE LACE CURTAINS and
WHITE BLANKETS at less than present manufac-
turers' prices.
\~s Jf rf/?
111. 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
&CQ
If a little must go a long way cer-
tainly these prices and goods should
interest you
SPECIAL SAVING SALE .
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Cfaret— Zinfandel - 35c
pure mellow appetizing
Makes good blood— our 50c quality
Tea— New crop 50c
Mandarin Nectar, "Bee" brand
Ceylon Phoenix Oolong
reg'ly 60c lb
BaCOn— Armour's "Star" 15c
Carefully selected— carefully cured
canvass wrapped. Wholesale price
Lard— Sea Foam slb pail 50c
Pure leaf— kettle rendered reg'ly 60c
Port and sherry 3 bottles $2
Bottled from the wood as imported
reg'ly $1 bottle
Alkethrepta— (Chocolate) 20c
A nourisher of strength
. reg'ly 25c can
Olives— Mdnzanilla quart 20c
New crop— unusually rich in flavor
Dates— Fard lb I2|c
A variety in food healthful and
nutritious .«.;."/.- - ..'.'""
Peaches— Hickmott's 3 tins 25c
Sliced for cream— heavy syrup-
picnic size
Salt box 40c
Keeps the salt clean and dry —
decorated porcelain— reg'ly 50c
Pine apple— sliced 3 lb can 25c
dozen $2 65
Grown and canned on the Hawaiian
Islands— cheaper than fresh fruit
Macaroni— French. 12Jc
Lv Favorita — reg'ly 15c ib "Z j "
also spaghetti vermicelli letters
and numbers
Whisk brOOmS-reg'ly 35c 30c
Made from selected corn— celluloid
handle— ring to hang up
Perfumery— violet's bottle 40c
French extracts— 1 4 odors all popular
.. . and delicate— reg'ly 50c •
New season's Japan Ceylon and
English breakfast teas now in stock
Send postal for ilustrated catalogue
Mail orders shipped quickly and well
packed -'y 'yf
432 Pine 215 Sutter 3800 California San Francisco
1073 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oa'xland ;
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative, Invlgorator and Ner-
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on It. own Merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRCJNE. Agents.
123 Market street. S. F.— (Bend for Circular.)
■--. lA/. X. HESS,
HOTARY POBUO AND ATTORNE X-A.T LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California at., below Poweli,
Ban Francisco. yyy
I EYE-GLASS
CLIP,
Which we attach (for 50 cents). Don't slip—
tilt— or waver— Lt Is always put in our new
eyeglasses without extra charge.
,77 7 Pacific Coast Agents for
Bausch & -Lomb-Zeiss Stereo Field Glasses.
Goertz Trieder Binoculars. • .
Oculists' 7 prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
■ OPTICIANS MnT nSAP» ICAPPARATu *.
r . fl .. -TOObn . SCIENTIFIC ,
6.42 Market ot.. instruments
mMR CHOIUCLC nuinmi.
NOTICE.
Assessment Book of Real and Per-
sonal Property, 1899.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF BOARD OF
Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco, City Hall building, second floor. July
4, 1899. - *
Public notice is hereby given, In accordance
with section No. 3654 of the Political Code, that
the Assessment Book of the City and County of
San Francisco, for the year 1899. has been com-
pleted and delivered to ma, as Clerlt of the
Board of Supervisors, together with the map
books and statements, and will be open for ex-
amination. in this office from 9 o'clock a. m. to
4 o'clock p. m., -and that said Board of Super-
visors met to examine the Assessment Book
and equalize the assessment of property therein
on MONDAY AFTERNOON, July 3, 1899. at i
o'clock, and will thereafter continue ln session
I from time to time until the business of equal.
! ization presented to them is disposed of, but not
- later than the 17th day of July, 1899. .
Applications Tor correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath. . •
Public notice ls also given, that in accordance
with sections 1897, 1899 and 3654 of the Politics,
Code, the Military Roll has been completed. -de.
llvered over to me and is now open for exam-
ination and correction, as provided by law.
JOHN A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
000000000000000000
§ .?. PALACE **?%
% GRAND HOTELS
_ SAN FRANCISCO. °
fj* Connected by a covered passageway. **
° 1400 Roon.;*— 9oo v, . h Bath Attached. ©
O All Under One Management O
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
O European PIan. SI.OO per day and upward Q
O American Plan. $:>,. oo per day and upward «T
Correspondence Solicited. • O
O JOHN 0. KIRXPATRICK, Manager. O
000000000000000000
Money at 6 per Gent
Money to loan # at 6 per cent per annum, on
City Real Estate Security, by
THE HIBERNIA SAVINGS AND
LOAN SOCIETY,
WMes
I=^ FAVORITE
IKSCKIPntt
ii FOR WEAK WOMEN.
1 — —^»"