VOLUME LXXXVII— NO, 28.
KRUGER MAY DECLARE WAR ON
PORTUGAL AND ATTACK DELAGOA
While British Troops and Boers
Continue to Exchange Shots
at Long Range, New Com
plications Crop Up—Signifi
cance of the English-German-
Porti: se Secret Treaty.
BERLIN, Dec. 27. — The Lokal Anzeiger to-night pub
lishes the contents of the German-English-Portuguese secret
treaty. This double, treaty will have executive force as soon as
the Swiss jurists, Messrs. Blaesi, Hensler and Goldau, have
given a decision in the Detagoa arbitration. The decision, it is
expected, will be given in January or February, and will prob
ably be in favor of England, in which case Portugal must pay
to England and America an indemnity of 1,900.000 pounds
sterling. England obtained in IS9I from Portugal the right of
pre-emption in Delngoa Bay. The cession of Delagoa Bay to
England may therefore be expected in March next.
It is possible that President Kruger may now declare war
on Portugal and attack Dclagoa at once.
In order to prevent any. interference by France or Russia
England concluded a secret treaty with Germany regarding the
complete partition of Portuguese colonial possessions: Germany
is. to receive all Portugal's Asiatic possessions — that is to say,
TSmor, Goa, Damaio, Macao and Div, with 20.000 square miles
of territory and a million inhabitants. Germany further re
ceives in Africa all the Portuguese territory north of Mozam
bique, except. a strip of land three mile> wide for Cecil Rhodes'
trans-African railway. For this the German Government will
pay Portugal twenty-five million marks.
What surprises me in the statement of the Lokal Anzeiger
is that it refers to Asia, when I have been repeatedly assured at
the Foreign Office that the treaty only refers to Africa and
did not refer to Asia. It must, however, be remembered that
the Lokal Anzeiger was in position to publish the Samoa treaty
twenty-four hours before the official publication took place.
England receives the remaining African possessions of Por
tugal, which contain two million square kilometers and have
thirteen million inhabitants. The consent of Portugal to this
arrangement has already been obtained in principle. The Lo
kal Anzeigcr declares it has the news from such a source that
• . T ...
no doubt is possible.
LONDON, Dec. 28.— The (
South African cables are !
now working satisfactorily,
a c have news from Chieveley
Tamp as late as yesterday. The ;
onjj-ran^e Bntish ijuns have 1
WORK OF THE BRITISH NAVAL BRIGADE.
t» the ships at Durban hßve done good wrrk at other places ncFide* I.ady*mlth. On Oc
| on Estcourt, the naval brigade from the ships at Durban, which had bren
-. ar.d by • :uck hit upon the exact range and planted the
I by Its explosion.
been shelling: the Boer lines at
Colenso. Indeed, there are signs
on both east and west of a
recrudescence of Boer activity.
On the Tugela the enemy have
ronstnictcd a bridge near Picters
Station to take the place of the
one at Colenso destroyed by the
naval guns' shells. The enemy's
object is probably to maintain
rommunication with the force
which is in position on the slopes
:»f Mount Inhalawe, and which
might, if left unsupported, be at
tacked by General Duller and
crushed.
What docs seem certain is that
tome commandos have been
pushed down to menace the Brit
ish right wing, and that Inhalawe
Mountain, lying to the eastward,
has been strongly* intrenched.
There are many small signs of
Boer activity in this region, even
The San Francisco Call
as far south a*s Blaaukrans River.
On Wednesday, the 20th. a
picket of the Thirteenth Hu
only attacked. The next
day the I < "rirabiners re
turned the compliment, manasr-
As pictured by the Ijondon Pally Graphic. *
-ike a smart blow at their
It both from the oper
rcccnt battle and
vent events that the
eveley is to
tent threatened from the
ugh it is more
than doubtful whether any attack
is intend*
When* the American attache
shown the Colenso position
ithy remark v. . mcl,
;here no way round?"' In a
few days the British are very
• try a way round the
strongly posted foe.
In other fields of war compara
• reported, except
in the far north, where Mafekinsr
according- to a Boer tele
. heavily bombarded on the
1 8th. and Colonel Plumer is
making strenuous efforts to re
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY. DECEMBER 28, 1899.
THE STEAMSHIP MASHO.NA.
This vessel was lately seized on the South African coast with a cargo of
American flour by a British warship. The Mashona bNongs to the British
and Colonial Steam Navigation Company of London. Bucknall & Co., man
agers. and was chartered by Flint. Eddy & Co. of New York, to carry a cargo
•of flour to Delagoa Hay. Portuguese South Africa. Off the Natal coast she
was held up by a British cruiser and taken to Port Elizabeth on the alleged
ground that her cargo of flour was intended for the Boers, and therefore con
traband of war. The American firm. Flint. Eddy & Co., through their attor
neys, have appealed to the Department of State at Washington, and the final
outcome of the matter is awaited with much Interest. The Mashona is a steel
screw steamer of 4142 tons and was built in Gnenoek in UN.
DREAD BUBONIC PLAGUE
REACHES HONOLULU
Armed Men Surround the Infected Dis
trict and the Terrible Scourge Is
Held in Check,
FIVE DEATHS WITHIN TWENTY-FOUR HOURS
The bubonic plague has reached
Honolulu. That is the story
brought in by the arm/ transport
Centennial, which reached this
port last evening.
The dread Jibease appeared in
the Hawaiian capital on December
12th and twenty-four hours later
pair the railway as far as Gabe
rones.
At the Modder River the
P.oer> are advancing their
trenches toward the British lines.
An exchange of shells i« proceed
ing at long ranges. The Boer
projectiles generally fall short.
There is no sign as yet of Brit
ish advance, but the Boers are re
ported to be fortifying Jacobs
dahl, being evidently apprehen
sive of a flank attack.
ARTILLERY Dull ON
THE MODDER RIVER
[Special -CnMe to the New Tork Herald. Copy
right. 1S». by Jameii Gordon ifc-nnm. R*
publlration of this dispatch Is prohibited.
All rißhtß r«wv«d In th* United States and
Gf-at Hrltaln.]
LONDON, Dec. 23.— The special corre
spondent of the Daily Mail sends this dis
patch:
MODDER RIVER. Pec. 21.— Lyddite
sheila from our bin guns paid to-day the
usual morning call on the Boer camp at
daybreak. I>i;ring the morning bluejack
ets dropped an occasional shell from
hie ru:;s and twelve-pounders in the Boer |
five deaths had occurred It cre
ated a panic in the city. The Board
or Health asked for $10,000 to
tight the dread disease and in six
hours the sum of $25,000 had
been subscribed. Armed men
were stationed around the infected
district and all communication wa:^
cut off from it. Tlu> precaution
undoubtedly saved the city, for
thereafter the p.a^ae was kept
under control.
After the transport Centennial
left Honolulu every precaution
was taken by the offi ers o n board
to prevent any development of the
dread disease. The passengers
were examined daily by the sur
geons, and all baggage and fur
nishing were thoroughly tumiciaied.
The disease usually develops in
five days and it is far more than
That time since the transport left
Honolulu.
How the disease was introduced
into Honolulu is not definitely
undtrstooJ here as vet, for the
Canadian-Australasian liner Aor
angi, which has just reached Vic
toria, B. C, with the news, de
clined to accept harbor privileges
in view of the risk involve:, n
her call at the Hawaiian city on
the 22d inst., and wouIJ receive
neither papers, passengers, freight
or even mails.
The general information of the
Aorangi's passengers is that three
cases deveioped among members
of the cooiie class recently ar
rived from Japan under condi
tional contracts for work in the
plantations.
The understanding that the
plague was introduced from J.ipan
is in a manner confirmed by the
Jact that plague was reported to
be working considerable fatality
in the northern and western parts
of that empire.
trenches. There was no response in any
case.
Suddenly, about noon, some shells from
the Been popped over the bridge and
dropped only a few hundred yards outside
of the line of our tents, a good couple of
thousand yards this side of our outposts
This was quickly followed by half a dozen
more shells, which dropped along th«
front of our camp. Instantly there was a
rush of soldiers to the front of camp
eagerly watching shells popping over the
ridge and fervently hoping that the Boers
were really coming out to try a little of
the kind of lighting that we have had to
do so far. They were disappointed, how
ever, for after an hour's ineffectual pop
ping of unexploding shells, the Boers
stopped altogether.
LONDON, L>~\ 27 — The War Office here
has recelred the following dispatch from
Cnp*> Town. dat"l Tuesday, l'.-cemher 26
•Th. R.i « no change in the situation
Mithuen reports that the enemy* force
lvi« increased, un.l has engaged In in
trenching three and a half miles from
his outlying pickets. Methuen reeonnot
Contlnued on Second Page.
NEW SAN FRANCISCO
NO LONGER A DREAM
By a Tremendous Majority the Voters of the City Declare
in Favor of Park Extension and Decree the Passing
of a Historic Silurianism.
Fifty Per Cent More Residents Favor Making the City Attractive Than Were
Anxious for a New Charter— SMhern Pacific Company
Insolence Is Again Rebuked.
TML VOTE BY ASSEMBLY DISTRICTS.
DISTRICT. Total. For. Against. Rejected
28th 1 ,099 829 ' 254 16
29th 1,409 1,117 281 11
30th 1. 281 1,05s 227 16
315t....' 1,554 1256 283 15
32(1 1.101 • 789 296 16
33d 1,601 979 606 16
34th 2,041 1,508 514 10
35th • M9S 957 534 7
36th 2,220 1,517 681 22
37th 2,872 2,237 620 15
38th 2.214 . 1,687 522 5
V)th 1,945 ' 1,542 397 6
40th 2,395 1.770 (,14 11
415t.... 2,057 1,386 664 7
42d 1,466 1,106 351 9
43 d 1,137 236 291 in
44th 1.286 789 491 6.
45th 782 557 214 11
Totals . 29.958 21,900 7.840 218
9 RESULT OF YESTERDAY'S ?
A ELECTION. 0
§ — 2
I For park extension . .21.900 *
% Against 7.840 X
B Rejected votes V r* 218 £
i* ~~~~~~~ O
r^ Total rote cast .. . 29,938 £
T. Necessary to carry ...
v bonds 19,973 8
a Majority over two- v
g thirds 1,027 i
O ...
THE voters of this city by voting the
bonds for the extension of Golden
Gate Park yesterday have decreed
that tho new year shall mark th*
commencement of an era of
progress. New San Francisco Is no
longer a dream.
In every financial center of the world
the fart Is known to-day that San Fran
cisco has taken a bis leap forward and
that an enormous majority of her citi
zens have decided that it is their duty
to develop the work so well begun by the
sturdy pioneers half a century ago. The
victory for the advocates of progress is
bo marked that were the battle to be
fought over again the small minority
would doubtless vote to make it unani
mous.
The great public Interest in the ques
tion decided at the polls yesterday is
shown by a comparison with the new
charter election held in May of last year.
Just three thousand more voters have
proved that they are more interested in
park extensions than in a new charter
and there are nearly eight thousand
VOtn more anxious for parks than there
wore anxious for a new charter a year
and a half ago; and over four thousand
le?s voters are opposed to parks than
were opposed to the new charter. The
true significance of these figures is that
there is 60 per cent greater public Interest
in the material progress of the city than
in obtaining the much-vaunted new
organic law that in a few days will cause
the City Hall to turn a somersault.
For a special election there was an un
usually largo vote. The most sanguine
optimist only gambled that thirty thou
sand voters would visit the polls, while
many believed that twenty thousand
•would be nearer correct. The higher fig
ure was all but reached. The returns
show that the attempts to overthrow the
creation of the magnificent entrance to
the park by creating a feeling of sec
tionalism failed entirely, for In some of
the districts where the vote for the Im
provements might have been reasonably
expected to be light, It .wan disproportion
ately high. In the districts chiefly inhab
ited by worklngmen the vote shows that
facts and clear argument had Infinitely
more weight than sophistries and preju-
By the acts of the voters yesterday the
city will soon have a grand entrance to
her great park right in the heart of the
City. The Mission district will have a
playground two whole blocks in extent
and the Immense government reservation
at the Presidio will be connected by a
magnificent boulevard with tho extended
park system of the city. These features
of adornment, together with tho smaller
public squares distributed all over the
city, will make San Francisco notable for
• ♦%♦%♦♦;♦%♦••♦•;♦%♦•:♦•;♦%♦•;♦••••
BLOODY CIVIL WAR WAGED
BY NEW GUINEA TRIBES
VICTORIA. B. C, Dec. 27.— News, was
received by the steamer Aorangl, which
arrived this evening from the Antipodes,
of the bloody civil war which has been
raging* among the natives of Klriwlna.
New Guinea. In the lighting the boss
chief was defeated and ejeven villages in
all were destroyed, with heavy slaughter.
Rev. S K. i'ellows, a Wesleyan rnH
stonary. stationed at Kiriwlna, writ»>-; a
lengthy detailed account to an Australian
paper, telling of the civil war from an
eye-witness" standpoint. Tor several
yearn, he says, there has been discontent
among the people because of the rapa
cious greed of Enamakala, the boss chief.
In levying heavy tribute on food supplies
the" woj-w"' 011 " amon & the **«« cities of
The great significance of yesterdav'*
r &JSJ? 1 " beg ■?,£«;'
Bcott Gu.stav Sehnee. Colonel- Hechi V
otner advocates of Droere««» have f. r
many weeks been appe^Jn^ as much ?«
2££ Pf' de ■« tO-Jncto impress on the
Jf\f the Ph. v »l<"«l need of all the things
which are to be procured through i the N
suance of bonds. Perhaps it |« not ton
s!t3£ft£!Si tll S! many voters who w?
not he directly benefited by the carrvlmr
fheTree^fnWrMir" 38 ° f th<> Prl<L
pal plane have by their vot?i sen-S Jibl
lie notice that no sllurlans need l anolv
henceforth for support of measures tffi
savor of antiquity or for assistance In
opposition to plans that are diMlnct v
fin dr .-.-... it ha demonstrated that
if progress be what Joseph Brltton dese
nated as "municipal lunacy*' thtecfv
must be an enormous lunatic a«v um-a
om C by S 'fa netn cts hat hardly 9eCmS to * *™
The signal success of th* first great at
tempt tO beautify San Franclsco^pVove;
the tremendous power and useful new for
pood of the city's Improvement clubs The
organization of the Public Improvements
Central Club for the carrying out of ,
campaign of pro--. has materially
raised the value of the improvement club
n pub Ie esteem. Each little club work
ins in Its particular locality for some m
provement purely local to Itself ha,
seemed to cut but little figure in general
municipal affairs, but now this aspect
changed. A league of Improvement club*
has demonstrated Its ability to spur "he
whole community, and many matter* of
material Improvement will doubtless be
undertaken in the same manner In the fu
ture. ami with equally happy results To
the many clubs In the central organization
f due entirely the educating of the pub
Ie In the outside districts that helped so
largely In the triumph of yesterday
Once again, also, has the selfish ' and
narrow policy of the Southern PactO
Company received a rebuff. The peopl
have once more resented the insolent dic
tation of the tax-shirking monopoly and
Its attempts to bulldoze the voters Into
MAYOR PHELAN CONGRATULATES THE CITY.
rTVIE result of this campaign for a new San Francisco must be aa rrat
1 l/yingr to every citizen as it is to me. I may truthfully Bay that tho re
'.tylr.g to everj" citizen as it is to me. I may truthfully say that U
I tponse of the Intelligence of this community to a call for »omethtn»
JL greater and better than It now has Is exactly what I expected. The
advocates of these Improvements have used no beguiling words, have
painted r.o Impossible picture* and have drawn r.o Irrational conclusion*
They 1-ave circulated facts and have striven to show what Is the duty and
what would be to the best advantage of every citizen and the result la now
known. It has been a simple campaign of education with no eppeal to pre
judice and I am satisfied that no campaign was ever prosecuted more con
scientiously. San Francisco Is to be congratulated, for It has again been
proved that her citizens have Implicit faith In their new charter and are
confident that under It works of Improvement of great magnitude can
fafelybe undertaken. I have no doubt of the results of Frlday"» election.
JAMES D. PHELAN.
President Central Improvement Club.
It has been a hard task, but I feel that the grand result would have Jus
tified many times the labor necessary to secure It. This is. however but
the starting point. San Francisco's appetite will soon be whetted so that she
will demand and acquire many similar Improvements.
GUSTAV SCHN'EE.
Secretary Central Improvement Club.
Th* crisis came early la«t month, when
the natives of the northwest, who are yot
without a teacher, rose against Knama
kala. They attacked his village. Omora
kana, and after much flprhtint;. In which
I were killed, capture^ it. Enama
kala fled and escaped. When In posses
sion of Omorakana the natUes mn l»
eager search for the teacher to kill him.
He was absent, and they stole his goods
and dcspciled his residence
In accordance with the Klrlwina custom
the victors burned down Enamakala's vil
lage, with the famous yam h«*uses In the
f-enter of it. the largest native buildings
In New Guinea They did not leave a
stick to show where Omorakana stood.
PIUCE FIVE CENTS.
votlnr against their best interests hay«
proved as abortive as its arrogant at
tempts to elect a United States Senator
from Mexico. Undoubtedly an appre
ciable proportion of yesterday's victory
was due to tho opposition of the Marker
street Railroad Company, on the general
principle that It is safe and advisable to
support whatever the allied monopolies
condemn.
it possible
for t»
■
•
and tl
«l;iring the campaign, evidently b<>re good
The election was one of the quietest ever
held in this city ard there was no indi
cation whatever on the street that thirty
Jh2 U ri a l. Sf op!< ! v%ere takln X a «tcp in
the right direction More than half the
total vote of the day had been cast by
noon. As soon as the polls opened it was
evident that the workingmen had decided
to -uppoi't the bond*, for south of Market
'trect and on the Potrero marly a hun
dred votes hifd been cast In some pre
ftSS}liP y J °"r lock - Th <? returns showed
that the heaviest votes were polled In tho
•£; n i an i ! ln tho w « 9t *m Addition.
■ The election officers, all over town ar>
?,fl al* J# he rwllsr w lls wl l h marl «^l punctual
ity sr.d half an hour after the polls opened
Reidstrar Steppacher had heard from
each of the IK precincts that everything
was in ccod workinp order and running
smoothly. Equally noteworthy was tho
dispatch with which the returns were sent
in. Before the polls had boen closed an
hour some of the precinct* officers had re
ported with full returns to the City Hall
and exactly t>t S:2O p. m. the last precinct
had reported and new San Francisco*
citizens were congratulating each other on
their mutual jrood Judgment.
The success of the rnrk extension bonds
leaves no doubt that the majority at
I riday s election, in favor of the issuance
or Bonds for schools. sew««r system and a
hospital; will be much greater.
WILL IMPROVE CITY'S HEALTH.
Local Health Board Advocates Pass-
age of Bond Measures.
The Board of Health, through Its secre
tary, Edgar B. Carroll, has addressed the
following open letter to the public re
garding the Issuance of bonds for schools
sewers and hospitals, which Is self-ex
planatory:
At tht« time wh«B <jnett!cn* of re»t j - m
porunc* are cemme before the people ta the
election for the purpoM of irnnrtoi bonds to
>«cur* n«w ichool house*. Mwer •yttema and
hcwpltalß. the Board of Health desires to «1
vocate the*« meaaurea from a unitary atand
point. Thi» department realizes from its rec
ords the necessity for a tewer system that wi:i
change existing c"n<l*:tlon«. These records show
the prevalence of different : Vtiei In th*
various districts of the city, and each d!s*a»-»
may fee laid to defects In the lark ni drainac*
and poorly arranged conduits. It is felt that
the advantage In having an efficient system
fuifllltns all modern sanitary rerjutrrments with
final disposal in deep water at properly »electe4
points will remove not only ■: '■•»<» but the
odors and ether objectionable features wblch
obtain at present.
In T*gnr<". to th.- sen**?! hcu«es to« much can
not be said, fcr with the present dilaptdatM
structures in use. which ar» not only urj
whol?«om«» In thrmvetves. but afford Insuffi
cient protection to the many children attend-
Ins them, the city Is laid op«n to epidemics.
The children attending our schools are K»n»r
ally of such an ace thai they should have th<*
benefit of all wholesome and sanitary surround
ings that It Is possible to provide. in the mat
ter of hospital* we are suffertnc •• present
as much as in any other defect In our pubUo
service. The present hospital was constructed
twenty-el«;ht years an, and was supposed ta
be only temporary then. Sine* that time over
100.000 cases have b~en treated In the build
!r ■ and many In.ectlous disease* have natur
ally been among the number. These ciUNs.
tocether with the miserable plumbing, drain
age and general sanitary faults of the prem
ises, hare saturated the entire institution from
roof to cellar with almost every form of In
fection known and I- \l to a very high mor«
tallty and rive our city an unfavorable record.
The premises are practically beyond repair and
efforts in patching Up are extremely expensive.
It 1* furthermore a fact that the capacity of
the present hospital Is entirely nirirqnata t«
the demands of our city, and many ease* which
should be treated In common Justice to thes*
applying, are refused of necessity from lack
of accommodations. Therefore, after viewing
the various questions from an Impartial *- I
sanitary standpoint It Is felt by this board
that an .... Itself now fnr
relief In these troubles which will undoubtedlr
bring an Improvement In sanitation and mor
tality which will benefit this city more than
can be estimated at the present time, anil It
Is earnestly hoped that every voter who value*
the advantages of our fair city wtlj support
these measures throughout.
The burning of this village was fol
lowed by weird dances and wild ex
cesses, for the triumphant warrior* w»r»»
in a frenzy of excitement at their »rrat
success. Next morning they began their
advance. Other villages were attack-i
and by nightfall six others in the neigh
borhood had fallen and been burned to
the ground. In the cases of two th«To
was no re.*i«tanr<>. the Inhabitants flee
ing, but In the other* ther*» was rreat
resistance, and the f.eM after the com
bats was thickly strewn with dead and
wounded.
Still pushing onward, the v«ctoriou*
natives from the northwest boasted and
threatened that after they had kill*!
Enamakala th«y would kilt th« ralMlon
aries, whom he calls his frteads. "Out2
TWO GERMAN OFFICERS
FIGHT TO THE DEATH
Duel on the Swiss Frontier Results in
the Killing of One of the
Combatants.
BERLIN, Dec. 27— Two ofScers named Schlab'.tz ar.d Kissllg. belonging
to the Or.p Hundred arid Twelfth Rculmeiit. which is carrieoned at Muel
h.iu-<n. fought a duel yesterday on the Swiss frontier under previously
agreed murderous conditions. Schlabltz wa^ killed. The cause of the.- duel
was trlfUnf.
(•pears have been sleeping too long,"
they "blow tho conch shells to
wake rtrm up."
Drur.k with victory. th»>y w»-nt on t;»
none distant villages*. an<i three •■: four
«l;i\- laur Lrttaka village was CaptUioJ,
.■■ r ■>'•'! and many of its Inhabit/in 1 *
•;. ..r.-.i to death. Karbola also mot tho
>an:i > fate. In all eleven villa/res were
... m ;shcd by flr<». and there ni a great
.-•*•:.< h from tht 1 yams, which rotted after
being cooked tn the burning yam
;i"U>es.
Mr. Kfllows In effort* to Ft op the strife
went :o the head chief of the attacking
native* and accompanied his march. Once
when the missionary was endeavoring to
a«si«t a young man at lalaka vilktge. whj
was dyln« "f ■ ?-;..--^r wound, they ihreat
«::.<! to kill him. I'ltimatcly. however, he
Retired promise* from a number <if chiefs
that there would be no mere fightinc un
1« ■«•« Hr..makala attacked them. It is not
unlikely that the \>c»-s chief will gather
a Ashtins f<-ree and return to serve his
enemies In the manner they have treated
him. When the In>t Dew* WAJ received
from th*» islands the situation vas in the
bands of Knamckala. as the victors had
returned to their villages content with
UU !r victories.
Mr. Pellowa thinks, though, that the
trouble Is far from ended.
Key. Alexander OlllSs. one of the four
Presbyterian missionaries at Tftr.na. ore
of the New Hebrides Islands, tells of the
murder <»f a native teacher and the nar
r.w <scai>«» of Rev. Frank l'atton. The
latter was holding h prayer-meeting when
surrounded by nrmej Kanakas, who
mstde a hostile domi-nstrativin. one level
lnp his rifle on l'atton. who raised his
h;'.:i's ana the native dropr»ed his weapon.
Another native fired at him but mitsed.
A third shut a native teacher.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
"Hants of Mare Island Strikers Soon
to Be Removed From the Naval
Blacklist.
■
:
■
■
■
■
■
i ■ t would buy i
Senator IVrklr.p and Representative
Net-dram t«-<say called on the Navy De
partment and uFkc-l that United States
ves*«i> in San Diego harbor under the
command of Hoar Admiral Kautz be tn-r
tnJtied to remain there and have their
annual target prar-tioH at that place. The
Secretary of th* Navy informed them that
this Government had obtained permission
from th*> Mexican Government to have
this- practice take place off the Mexican
roaft (Magdalena Bar), where the con
ditions are v nearly slmllnr to the open
pea as possible. Thin Is the usual prac
ticing grounds of naval vessels on the
Pacific Coast *r.d the department thinks
It would not be fair to have the practice
tt another plaov after n eelvlntr the con
tent frr.m a foreign government.
Rrpr< 'scntativc Need ham called on the
Stat? Department to-day and f.sked that
the Government investigate the killing of
WilM.im Gold, fftrnn-rly of Baker«flcl£ in
Honduras. Thf killing tr»ok plac<- very
recently and all press reports Indicate
that <iol«i was murdered. His relatives
at Rikersfleld have requested that Mr.
N«< <Iham atk the department to learn the
particulars* and Secretary Hay has as-
Fur.d thr-m that formal ln<juir>- will be
:...:. at «mco.
■ ■
■
i- rrus wttb the
1 •
HENRY PHELPS DEAD.
SAN JOFE. Doc. 27.-Henry Phelps, a
pioneer resident of this city, died M Gll
roy this morning after i short illness.
Monday he went there to vitlt a brother
and »v taken ill. from an old affliction
of the head. Deceased was a native of
New York and 70 years of ace.
Mr. Phelps came to California' in IST.2.
and -took up hl» residence In San Jose. He
nerved several terms a* assessor of Santa
«*lara County. Deceased was a prorai
mnt member of the Odd Fellows. Four
grown children survive him. Chaiiea. Ilella
and Minnie Phelp* "and Mrs. C K. Simn
rrr of Pan Fmnelnco.
Pears'
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to Wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All Norts of stores Bell it, especially
iruggistx: all sorts of people use it.
FREE COINAGE
BUBBLE BURSTS
! New Creed of Southern
Democracy.
•
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
NEW YORK. Dec. Danforth.
chairman of the Democratic State Com
mittee, returned to New York to-day after
a trip through the South, during which ho
talked with Senator James K. Jones,
•chairman of the national committee, and
I most of the chairmen of the Southern
Democratic Stale committees. This afier
noon*Mr. Danforth save an Evening Post
reporter the result of his observations
ar.d some information about next years
national campaign.
"I found." he said, that the sentiment ;
I wa« centrally in favor of selecting some
j Western city other than Chicago as the
j place for holding the national conven
tion. The members of the national com
mittee have a strong feeling against Chi
cago on account ot the treatment they
havo received from the newspapers since
tiny established headquarters in the city
in 1^;. It looks now as if either Kan
sas city or Milwaukee will get the na
tional convention. Milwaukee seems to
be In the lead. It has an auditorium with
a seating capacity of 15.0i."U and the citi
zens have ottered to entertain the dele
gates handsomely.
"I discovered that there is a general
letling for establishing the headquarters
of the national f«mir,i;iM next year In
Washington. Senator Jones favored
Washington In l£>;. but pave way to Mr.
Ur.van, who was. in favor of Chicago. ■
* In my trip through the South i ol>-"
served or.c thin? which will be considered
I <-f particular interest in New l'ork. name
j ly. that nor.c of the leaders sttmeU dis
j petted to insist on free silver as the m:i;n
l«-ue of the campaign next year. They
did not say that they had abandoned the
16-to-l idea, but they acknowledged th.it
thi* situation had changed since l*%, and
that the dominant issues next year vtre
trusts and imperialism. That la to say.
they are unwilling to repudiate the Chi
cago platform, but they sco that new
issues of far-reaching importance have
come up lately and 'should Y>e recognized.
Even in States like North Carolina I
found that the anti-trust and antl-im
l><rta!lsm ideas engaged the attention of
the people more than the free silver issue.
In fact I micht «urn up my observations
b> saying that the sentiment of Democ
racy In the South is such that I am con
ndent there will be little trouble in bring
ing about a union of the Democracy In
the whole country next year.
'•Tho Democratic National Convention."
Mr. Danforth added, "will be held a short
ll:ne after the Republican convention, ac
ci.rdlng to custom. No matter when it is
:.<'■'. there is no doubt about the head of '
the ticket. Everywhere I hoard only Mr. '
Bryan's name mentioned. They are not
talking about candidates for Vice Presl- ,
dent yet. An Eastern man probably will
be ■elected."
NEWS OF THE WAR
IN SOUTH AFRICA
Continued from Flr«t Pa«e.
tered with two squadrons and mounted
infantry for two miles along the line and
drew the fire of four guns and two Vlck
crs machine guns. Four horses were hit.
The Queen's Christmas message was re
ceived with enthusiasm. Gatacre Is en
deavoring io reopen communication with
the Indwe collieries."
LONDON. Dee 27,-The Rhodeslon
Mafcking relief force, according to a dis
patch from Mochundl, Bechuanaland.
dated Saturday. December If, was pro
gressing slowly owing to the necessity
of ; airing the bridges, averaging one
per mile.
An intercepted Boer mailbag. It Is add
ed, shows that twenty Boer* were killed
and many wounded during the British
attack on the Sequani laager.
"SPARTAN MOTHERS" IS
AUSTIN'S WAR POEM
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— 1n this week's
edition of the Independent will appear a.
;»o«.-m by Alfred Austin, poet laureate of
England, on the war In the Transvaal, en
titled "Spartan Mothers." The last two
stanzas follow:
The sister** s!ch. the maiden* tear, *
The wife's, the widow's Milled wail—
The** nerve th«" hand, these brace the spear.
And speed then over veldt and vale.
What Is to him
Or life or Ilrab
Wl.rj rii.de the chain and breaks the rod?
Who falls for freedom falls for God.
And rhould It b# his harry fate
Hale to return to home and rest.
Ebe will be standing at the Kate,
To fold him to her troubling 'breast.
Or should he fall
liy Ige or wall.
Ar.d lie 'neath some green southern sod—
Who dies for country sleeps with God.
AMERICA FURNISHES
MEN FOR BOTH SIDES
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— The work of en
listing men in this city to take the Boer
Fide in the war Is in charge of two air» nts
who operate In a ■•loon near police head
quarters. The leader in the movement is
Oustav Simon, a Boer recently arrived
from the Transvaal. Associated with him
is v young German. Henry Scharff, who
has lived many years among the Boers
and who reached New York a week ago
from Pretoria. Simon owned in Johannes
burg several hotels and saloons; these
were closed up when the war began, and
being Incapable of active service In the
Held, he came here in the interest of his
country. Scharff. his companion in this
work, was among the Jirst to come out
from the Yukon country with news of the
Klondike gold fields, and has mining in
terests there and in the Transvaal. Since
his return to the Transvaal from Alaska
he has been In the confidence of the Boer
leaders and he has been sent here on this
special mission. A number of people,
chiefly young men, have gone to the
Transvaal. Some two hundred left a week
ago and sixty went Just before Christmas.
1 • outbreak of the Trans
vaal war the British consulate in this city
hat n -r.-iv. ■<! ■• si. rs from persons eayer to
••nllst In tho Hritlnh army.
"I don't think it is any exaggeration to
pay that we have received five thousand
letters from persons who want to enlist."
Mid the British Vico-Coosul to-day, "and
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, THURSDAY, DEC KM HER 28. 1399
PUBLIC SCHOOLS MENACED
BY POLITICAL BOSSES
Educators at Sacramento Discuss Present
Conditions and Suggest Remedies for
Existing Evils.
Prominent Speakers at the Teachers' Convention in Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 27. -The feature
of to-day's session of the State
Teachers' Association was a paper
by David Starr Jordan, president of
Stanford University, regarding
schools and politics, and a discussion of
the subject participated In by Benjamin
Ide Wheeler, I" George C. Pardee, Rev.
C.R. Brown and others.
David Starr Jordan in hi* paper stated
that the failure of democracy in the
United States was due to the Govern
ment's inability to conduct local business
on business principles. In the govern
ment of Groat Britain Just the reverse
was true. Quoting Dr. Wlllcox. Dr. Jor
dan f-aid that there are three funda
mental evils in the government of our
cities. The first consists th^ waste
of public funds, the second In the Inad
equacy of municipal service, and the
third is the corruption of civic authority
for the furtherance of Individual ends.
In addition to these three evils. which
were asserted to be common in all forms
of government, there were stated to be
three others In America, namely, the pri
vate control of public functions, th fed
eral organization of the city and th- lack
of Interest on the part of the people. The
twe of public franchises by the people and
corporations, and their corrupt control of
the officers of city and State. Is already
the basis of a vast amount of discussion.
Its natural remedy is the public perform
ance of public functions, a system which
hap also Its dangers and difficulties,. The
plan of electing School Trustees by ward-;
was deplored and a declaration was made
in favor of electing these trustees at
larpe.
Dr. Jordan stated that a sixth source
of Inefficiency In local government lies In
the fact that it Is not taken seriously. A
piece of gross corruption or Inefficiency
ends with a newspaper cartoon, which is
not accepted an evidence by the people,
who are used to unjust criticism In thin
form. The trouble is that the American
people are too good-humored. The sub
ordination of local to national affair* was
declared to be a great cause of weakness
and corruption. The plea that a bad man
must be chosen at home for the sake of
the party at large Is heard at every elec
tion and Is always false and degrading.
The failure of cities to give to their peo
ple good schools was attributed to the cor
ruption of civic authority for the further
ance of individual ends. The schools are
bad because the schools are tampered
with and used as tools to enrich or ad
vance those persons who have them in
charge. The action of teachers in tak
ing part In politics was touched upon and
besides these, a great many apply to us
In person for help or advice in Che matter.
W« are prevented by United States stat
rom enlisting them and we have to
send them away. The only way they can
get into the army Is to go to England
and enlist on their own responsibility.
Hi.w many of them do this we have no
way of knowing. I think, however, that a
great many of them do enllat it la sur
g to notice th<^ various sorts and
conditions of m*-n who sock enlistment
with us. There Is scarcely a nationality
that Is not represented. English, of
course, predominate, but Americans are
second In number. It I? an Interesting
< lrcumstance that several United States
■oldtera In uniform have come here ajid
asked to be enllnted."
HINDOOS PRAY FOR
GREAT BRITAIN'S SUCCESS
NEW YORK. Doc. 27.— Hindoo astrr.|o«
Kits. according to Bombay papers which
have J«ft been x received, are connecting
the famine plague and British reverses
to the peculiar conjunction of the planets,
when on \he 15th of November seven
planets were In the sign of Scorpio. The
Hindoos of Bombay, therefore, to avert
further calamity and insure success to
the British arms, arranged for special
prayers and religious ceremonies at one
of their great temples. Seventy-five
learned Brahmins officiated. The first act
was the presentation of gifts to these
priests of valuable shawls and money.
The priests then Invoked divine blessing
on the rulers and ruled, and the people
sang hymns In Marathl and Gujarat!, of
which the Indian papers give the fol
lowing translation:
"God grant that the illustrious and
merciful Victoria may always enjoy per
fect peace and happiness; that feelings
of loyally may remain deeply rooted In
the hearts of her subjects, and that her
domain may be free from all foreign in
vasions. May all differences between the
rulers nn<l ruled vanish; may her Ma
jesty's subjects move on the path of
righteousness; may all treason disappear:
may famine and pestilence fly away; may
the people of the Transvaal come to re
pent their acts of folly, and may her Ma
jesty's forces gain glory and success on
the fields of battle in Africa."
At the elope of the service three cheers
given tor the long life, glory and
success of hi r Majesty, the Queen Em-
HOW CHURCHILL
ESCAPED FROM BOERS
LOURENZO MARQUEZ. Doc. 22.— Mr.
Winston Churchill arrived here late last
night and left for Durban by the steamer
Induna. . .
LONDON. Dec. 27.-Mr. Winston
Churchill has cabled and the Morning
Post publishes to-day an account of his
escape from captivity with the Boers af
ter having been made a prisoner in the
reconnaissance of an armored train at
Estcourt. The dispatch, which Is dated
Lour»-nzo Marquez. December 21. Bays:
On the afternoon of December 12. the Trans
vaal Secretary of War Informed me that
there was little chance of my release, I
there* ore resolved to cacao*, and xh» eazna
i of as a necessary adjunct to the
: ba.l ii. • i .ities w.-.-.
where the
. I, no matter whether
they resided In the city or not. Th> city
: : . ua^ Stated I" I.- a cIOM
In that it :• • r gave .in out- i
: ■ .. ; taltion
if teachers push themselves upward
through unprofessional means, teaching:
• be made a \<r ifession. If Intrlgu*.
and flattery, wire pulling, leg pulling.
■ arts and feminlni ar'
ing the appointing power furnish means
Of a<l-.
■ion to the needs of
children will not be entered into th<
:i In this way the ranks of the
. filled with those »h.»
know n< thing and have no care to know;
wlih xb'-ff v.ho use the work of t.;n !.. r
king i afriage or an •[••■nmg in
; with tli «c Who pay OV I
: rds or. th-'ir hats than for all
they read; wiwi th.>>,- v\h" know
: ilmlstry than of psych »1< -
: th- tWO-Step than of the art
Inlng chil
. S It-nts shoul>l be ap
ted through civil service rules
should » c trained Bpedally,
and the public should t>e educated to take
• view of tnli ga
I, r f oaklanil fol
wlth -i paper along the same line
s that of IT' • ; ■ in. He clalm
at If the sch >ola were to be freed i
fr'.ni the lncubu« of politics the people
must take an active and never-ceasing In-
They must make it
thoir personal buslnej • to It that >
men are pi v •■.•. at the chool
affairs and go teach* ra chosen H->
spoke of the growth of schools in <".iii
..l'.l deplored the fact that the taw
h.:d not 'K^i't pace with this >;r"w:h. It
: wr"ti^. he said, that the Board «'f
Supervisors should appoint county Boards '
of Education, and ><:-.\y tw.> members of
such Board of Education had to be teach
v*hen lawyers are admitted to prac
tice law they arc ••xammed by lav
th-- same is tru<- of doctors, but teachers.
old the nil dtlon of all, are '
admitted to tea< h upon examination of a ',
tiers appointed aa a •
matter of political favor by the Hoard of
Supervl- •
The State should take full charge of
th^ public schools as it does of the State i
erslty and the Normal schools. It
' should have full charge of the certlflca- i
tion of teachers and the appointing of '
non-partisan Hoard? of ESducation, com
• n who are actively interested ,
in advanced methods of school work. This I
could be done by simply changing a few
laws, and it would give to us a complete I
school system with every reason to be- ■
II would prove to be far better than
the present system.
Tho mural aspect r>f political interfer
ence in The schools was treated by Rev.
<" X Brown. He declared that If school
po.-itlons are used as loose change to pay
night I left the State School's Prison In Pre
toria by climbing the wall when the sentries'
barks were turned momentarily. I walked
through the streets of the town without dis
guise, meeting many burghers, but was not
challenged In the crowd. I got through the
picket* Of the town guards and stuck to the
I'elaena Hay Railroad. I walked along It.
evading the watchers at the bridges and cul
verts and waited for a train beyond the first
nation. The 11:10 freight train from Pretoria
had axrlved before I reached the place and
wa,s moving at full speed. I boarded It with
great difficulty and hid under coal packs. I
Jumped from the train before dawn and waa
sheltered during the day In a small wood. In
company with a huge vulture, who displayed a
lively Interest In me. I walked along at dusk.
There were no more trains that night. The
danger of meeting the guards of the line con
tinued, but I was obllged'to follow It. as I had
no compass or map. I had to make wide de
tours to avoid bridges, stations and huts, and
so m: nrogreM was wry -low.
Chocolate Is not a ratifying food. The out
look was gloomy, 'but I persevered, with God's
help. For five days my food supply was very
precarious. 1 was laying up by daylight and
walking nlgbts. Meanwhile my escape had
been discovered and my description telegraphed
everywhere. All trains were searched, and
every eye "M on the watch for me. Four
times the wrong people were arrested. The
sixth day I managed to board a train beyond
Mlddlebufg. whence there was direct service
to Delagoa Bay. In the evening I concealed
myself in a railway truck under a great pile of
sacks. I had a small store of good water. I
remained hidden so. chancing discovery. The
Boers searched the train at Komatlpoort, but
did not search deep enough. After some sixty
hours of misery I earae safely here. -I am very
weak, but am free. I have lost many pound*
In weight, but am light In heart. I shall avail
myself rf every opportunity henceforth to urge
earnestly the unflinching and uncompromising
prosecution of, the war.
NAVAL GUNS THROW
DEADLY LYDDITE SHELLS
CTIIKVET.ET CAMP, Natal. Tuesday,
Dec. 26.— The naval guns began shelling
tho Borr position at 5 o'clock this morn
ing, using lyddite. The shelling continued
übout two hours. Ever since the engage
ment at Colenso the enemy have been
energetically opening their intrenchment*".
They can be seen galloping freely from
hill to hill.
1-nlysmith aiso had a busy morning to
day, the Boor position on l*m
bulwar.a Mountain. The bursting shells
were plainly visible at Chieveley.
CHIBVBUDT TAMP. Natal. Friday.
Dec. 22.— Our scoutu having reported th-^
in force on this side of the Tugela
River three repiments of regulars, sup
ported by artillery and all the available
mounted volunteers, under the command
of Lord Dundonald. advanced. The Boera
retired across the river. The British cap
tured 500 cattle.
SEDITION AMONG
DUTCH COLONISTS
LONDON. Dec. 28.— A ppecial corre
spondent of the Dally Chronicle, tele
graphing from Sterkstroom, Cape Colony,
Thursday, December 21. says:
"Strong measures are necessary to
chf-ok the hostile feellngr amnnf the
Putrh colonists, whone sedition Is shown
In thp removal of railway bolts, the ob
btruction vt bridges and culverts «od at
political debts, then the moral tone will
t>e lowered. Ability and Integrity should
be rewarded, and it replaced by a pull on
a political boM it would be distinctly de
grading on the teacher. children, quick
to pick up things, would soon learn how
the teacher got her Job and would soon
attempt to exercise a pull on the teacher.
P. Alexander Bergeiot. president of the
San Francisco Board of Education,
thought that the chief causes of the evil
were the election of school trustees- by
popular vote, the method of examining
teachers by the county boards and the
lack of uniformity in the selection of
teachers. He suggested as a remedy na
tionalization and centralization of the
schools under a uniform system of laws
He held that examinations should only be
conducted upon plans formulated by a
board listing of the president and the
professors of the different State univer
sities.
Frank H. Short of Fresno took a pes
simistic vi?w of things, seeming to fear
that the tnd of the nation might come
through political bosses and i irruption
if teachers did not impart to their pupils
true Ideas of good citizenship. ..
Benjamin Ide Whe< : ■ closed the discus
sion with a brief talk that was applauded
at frequent Intervals. He expressed him
self as sorry that so much had been said
against politics and not one word !n it«
favor.
Political methods were declared to be
part of the machinery for getting the
Government In running order and every
man should be a politician. The old elec
toral system of choosing a President of
the I'nttvd States showed how our fore
fathers had f-ared to place this function
directly in the hands of the people, but
the politicians had manipulated th:- so
that now the electoral college was obso
lete and stood upon the statute books as
a something: that might some day get
us Into trouble. He declared that as par
ty organizations and party leaders are
'*~-"*/» the sooner we recognize this the bet
ter and «hat all citizens should take part
In such organization. At the present time
there was to much work of the Govern
ment that whs highly specialized that it
witS being taken out of the hands of the
politicians and placed in the hands of ex
perts. As teachers are experts they
should be chosen by educators and not
by a body of men elected by the whole
people without regard to their qualifica
tions, and the safest way to get profes
sional excellence was to Invest speclul
lbts with the appointive power.
Several departmental meetings were
held at which business of a purely tech
nical nature was transacted. To-night
the teachers of Sacramento gave a recep
tion to tho members of the association
The Capitol was brilliantly lighted up and
the corridors were filled with music and
well-dressed men and women. To-rnonow
will be a business meeting and there will
be a reception to-morrow night at the
Crocker Art Gallery to Benjamin Id©
Wheeler.
tarks upon solitary horsemen. Disaffec
tion is bmi.id to lncrea.se unless immediate
reinforcements are forthcoming. The loyal
Dutch an-i British settlers are becoming
a.trmlngly Impatient."
ROBERTS AND KITCHENER
GIBRALTAR. Dec. 27. -The steamer
! Dunottar Caatle. having on board Lord
. Robert* of Kandahar, commander-ln-chler
of the British forces in South Africa., ar
rival here yesterday evening. General sir
| Kitchener, who came from Egypt to Join
1 Lord Roberts as his chief- of staff, era
barked on the Dunottar Castle, and the
rend Balled early this morning for Cape
Town.
/ ''*- . i — - 4S ' -.' z** **a.Js\
(Open Saturday IK \ Might till 10.)
New Year wfP ...1900...
Happiness! W Prosperity!
High-class Prince Albert Suits; don't you want one
for New Year's day ?
Too late to get it at the tailor's; besides we can guar-
antee you custom-made quality, style and fit, and save
you considerable money. '
We are manufacturers— but for this line we make up a fine
assortment of suits that an too good for wholesale- trade or tor
ordinary stores to sell ready made.
Come— if we cannot suit you we can wish you "Happy New Year."
. .'. > ...
turerstf jlfr^6f^f^ff^?^ S^orne St.,
THERON DOREMUS
NOT OF THE DEAD
Missing Man Shows Up
at Los Angeles.
BaacM Diaaatet te The can.
NEW YORK. Dec. J7.— Theron A. Dore
.T.U3. the. feed merchant «ho disappeared
(rox his home In Upper Momciair. N. J-.
:wo uvvks a^o yesicrday. ha* been heard
from. He is at the home of a distant
relative in Los Ar.gele* and very 111. A
:e;e#ram from the mining man to this
.•.•feet «vas received yesterday morning by
AugUstUl Van Oeisen of L'pper Montclalr.
in uncle oi Mrs. Doremus. who Is now at
ihe home ot her son Henry la Jamaica.
1.. 1., und who has been advised of the
news. it was thl* Henry Doremus who
.iisappeared from his home about two
years u^o. {caving a note on a ferry boat
iunnir.K between lioboken .•...i New York
«a>ing that he was tired of life and had
jumped overboard. He appeared two
weeks later at his father* houso. a't«?i
having been mourned as dead.
T. A. Do re mus left home suddenly on
December 13 and that night left a hat
and note in a stateroom on the steamer
.Maine of the Providence and Stonlngton
line. The note read:
"Please notify Mrs. T. A. Doremus of
L'pper Montc'atr that I have thrown my
soli overboard. THERON DOREMUS."
The next day and since then Mrs. Dore
miu has mourned her husband as dead.
but the missing man's friends have stead
ily held that he would be heard from.
It is now stated that Mr. Doremus had
spoken ol taking a trip to California in
the hope of benefiting his health. He has
been a great sufferer from a complica
tion of diseases and recently met a finan
cial reverse, which aggravated the d:*
ease and perhaps unbalanced his mind.
His place of business was closed last
week by an attachment from the Sheriffs
office for one of his creditors and the
slock was removed.
DOREMUS A PARETIC.
Does Not Recall the Incidents of His
Disappearance.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 27.— Theron A.
Doremus, who disappeared from New
York some time ago, leaving a not- that
be would jump from a steamer, occupies
room 33 In the Hotel Gray, corner Third
and Main streets. When .seen to-night
he presented a pitiable appearance. 111.-!
physical sufferings are acuie. as his leg«»
are swollen out of shape by rheumatism.
Of slender build, pray bearded, bordering
on GO years of age, his suffering was in
tensely pathetic. Doremua in clearly a
victim hi paresis, and as he fails to re
call a single instance of his past, except
to weep when speaking of his wife and
two sons, It la evident that he suffered
from temporary aberration when he mys
teriously disappeared from Upper Mont
clalr, N. J.. wnere, according to his state
ment, he ha* for years been engaged In
the flour and feed trade.
ii.- arrived in Los Angeles on Saturday
last and wandered about until he en
tered the Hotel Gray, where the landlady
out of sympathy assigned him a room.
According to li •: statement he admitted
his poverty anu said he had only $1 70. He
had no baggage and no change of linen.
In a broken conversation Doremus said
he did not remember when he left home,
on what train he traveled or what ciu-'S
he passed. He could not recall that he
ever was pn a steamer in New York, ot
that be lett a note adare.sseu to any wDe.
He did not remember that he made any
attempt to commit euictde. or the reason
why he came to Los Angeles.
"1 realized to-day that I was In Los
Angeles," he said. " but I wish .-or • one
would get me horne — but they cannot do
it until this awful buzzing in my head is
stopped."
Doremus evidently realizes his helpless
ness, as he to-day applied through Dr.
Kirkpatrick for admission to the County
Hospital, where he says he will go 10
1 morrow If he can be moved* As he be
longs to Cliff Lodge. Royal Arcanum, the
members of the order will to-morrow be
aekod to aid the unfortunate wanderer.
CONGRESSMAN BOUTELLE
IS SERIOUSLY ILL
BOSTON, Dec. — Congressman C. A.
Boutelle of Maine Is at a sanitarium at
Brooklln*. but his exact condition 1b un
known. except to his Intimate relatives.
To-night It was understood here that his
condition wan very serious, but inquiry
at his home In Banger brought word that
there ha<l keen no reason to believe that
his condition had materially changed
tince yesterday.
A special to the Press from Banic-r.
Me.. lays: "The report comes to-night
from a trustworthy Portland man, v.no
talked with a physician acquainted with
the rase, that Congressman Boutelle is
suffering from Blight's disease In its tost
stages and that the violent attacks bor
dering on delirium which he has experi
enced In the last few days has been
caused by uraemic poisoning, which re
kults in convulsions resembling symptoms
of insanity.- While the utmost secrecy
has been maintained ever sine? his return
to his horn*; concerning his real condi
tion, It has become known, through vari
ous sources, that his case is far more
critical than has been admitted by the
doctors and members of the family. His
departure from Bangor was made with
the utmost secrecy on Christmas night,
when few persons were about, and noth
ing was Known of it. even by the news
papers, until late Tuesday night.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHL
4»o#itlvelv oared by theso
| tittle Pills,
1 They also r»Here Distress from t>7«peTMa\,
: Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
f feet remedy lor Dizziness, Nausea, Dr -••. ,;.
! ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tcntr^e
j Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
| Rr<Ttilate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill, Small Dost
Smafi Price*
I Stylish.
lj Perfect-fitting
W&i TAILOR-MADE
mMI SUITS
te&&>y V Can be hai on easy :
v\k : .11 payments of
W§ $1
• fj) A Week
mm} 11 CHICAGO \
yp.'N ' TAILORING CO., fc
%fSL 1816 t
V MARKET ST..
Open F ton mC - k
Dr. Meyers & Co J
r
Men only. Pay when well. Ha In- ,
curable cases ta<en fld.ic? and pr
wate book. free, qffic? or mall. Home \
cures. Letters confidential. 731 Martlet '
St .S. p. TaKe elevator to third floor ]
* w AUI/isTir^nnii TllTI" ■■!■" TmTHmtimJ'.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
rf ft" 3»£«1 84 ..-,;> Tor Honolulu
_ _ WednMtfajr, Jan. 10.
®f9sCCNIf IXA at 2 p. m.
SfMfirchm <J 8 - s - Moana • :.:• vl-»
OXCdllCiliP 47 Honolulu and Auckland
(rfi(\V\?,ni}~ ffir Sy^n'T Wednesday.
,_ VyJ\l\m\Lkr Jan. v. at 8 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the Wi.rld. via Hawaii.
Famoa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Suez.
i England, etc. : |<10 first cla»s.
.. D. »r«ctKClaa tiriba. CO..»at».. H4 Montjotnen
Pier 7. Foot Pacinc SL Freight 00ce. 327 Market SL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
J^^ Steamers tear* Broadway
Sfcs^aw wharf. Ban J*rancl»co:
I tv#' y rTy>v ** nr Alaskan ports. 10 a m .
1 {■Kj|as D*c. 17. ». 37. Jan I. hanct
I fcK m^Fl tn ' n.pany'a ataamera at
i 2anl For Victoria, Vancouver
r^^^B I <B C). I'ort " »n»«nd. 8*-
attle. Tacoma. Evcrau. Ana-
eortea and New Wbatcom
fWa*h.). 10 a. m . Dec. 17.
tt n Jan 1 »nd every fifth day thereafter:
chance at Beattle to this company's "earner*
for AU«Wa and O. N. HT.: »t ' Tacoma to N. V.
Ry • at Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
For Eureka iHumbnMt Bay). J p. m.. Dt«. 13.
*> U. » Jan. 4 arl every fifth <far thereafter
For Eanta Cru*. Monterey. Pan Simeon Cayu-
co«. Port Harford «Pan Luis Oblspo) Oartota.
Fanta Barbara. Ventura, Huen«me. Ran Pedro.
East Ban Pedro <L™ Angelea. and Newport. »
a m.. T*c. 14. II a M. »• J»n «• •«»<> • v * »
fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Dles;o. n'.opplna- only at Port ITar-
'fonl .Fan Lois OblspoV Banta «•«*•"»• Port
Los Anreles and Redondo iLo« Anireles) 11 a
m.. Dec l«. JO 54. M. J*«- L end every fourth
fl Vor h Ewnad"«, Ma«dalena Bay. Ban J^e ««i
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. LaPax. »•"«* RoaalU
and Ouaymaa (Me«). » a. m.. Tth of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
K Thl company re*erre« the rlicht to rhanc*
without previous notlc* steamers, sailing aatn
n-»1 »»/'<i»« of •illlnr
II CKET OFFICE—* New Montjromery
|itre«i i Palace Hotel).
OOODALL. PFTtKTVJ" » ■ Oen Act^
1« Mark*l S< San Fran"<»-o
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
' DISPATCH FAST BTEAMiniS TO
PORTT. . A."NT"D
From Fpear-street WTiarf at 19 a. ■
CAOC 019 First Class laeladlnir P»rt»
IAnL if Second Class and Meals.
State of California Sails Jan. 1
Columbia . Pali* r* «- ". £■»■ '
Short Line to Walla Walla. flp^kafV. Rutte.
Helena and to all points In the Northwest.
TliroLgh tickets to all Points Ea»t.
E. C. WARD. Oenernl Acent.
€30 Market it.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
JTEW TOBK. fOOTHAMFTO!* LOWD3S. PABII
Stopping at Chert- westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New Tork Jan. New Tork Jan. !'
St. Louis Jan. 10 St. Louts Jan. I!
St. Paul Jan 17 St. Paul Feb. 7
RED STAR LINE.
New York an I Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 11 noon.
Westtrnland ....Dec. 27 Araronla Jan. 17
KenstnKton Jan. 2 Frtesland Jan 24
Noordland Jan. 10 1 Soutbwark Jan it
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson O»y.
For full Information retarding freight and
paavage aroly to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COUPANT.
SO Montgomery n.. or any of :t« agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
cteamers will leave WHARF. con,
" t»er of First and Urannan streets. I p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONOKONO. caHlns; at
!C be illl<>). Navaxakl and Shanghai, ami
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No carro received on board on day
of nailing.
HONGKONG MARt* Tuesday. Jin. M
NIPPON MARIT Friday. Feb. •
AMERICA MAI: 1 Wednesday, Mar. 7
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. 11. AVERT. General Ag-nt.
COMPiOXIE OE!f ERALE TRAIftATLaJITIQVB.
DIRECT LINE TO nAVT.E-PARIS. _-*4*j*r.
Sailing e\ery Thursday Instead of <2.-T :^>
Saturday, from November t. isOT. at «"••"*!■»
10 a. m.. from I'ler ii. North River, foot of
Morton st. La NORMANDIE. Jan 4: La
CHAMPAGNE. Jan. 11: LA AyI'ITAINE. Jan.
IS; I. a OASCOGNE. Jan. n. First class to
Havre. ICO and upward: S per cent reduction on
round trip. Second claks to Havre. $45; & p* r
cent reduction nn round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY for UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 13 Hroadway (Hudson bulldlne). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI X CO. l"acinc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery m., Ran Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tuei, W»d.. Thar, and Sat at » «
a m.. 3:15, « » p m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
days. Ip. m. and I. an. Sundays. 19:10 a. m I
p. m. landing and ofae*. Miaston-street Dock.
Pl« No. :. T<-l-thone Main IMa,
1 i AKi< ._ ,„ i MMMM ,i ' -iNO MORE THE GONDOLA
ON VENETIAN CANALS
Romantic Tourist Now Finds Electric
Launches Plying the Streets
of Water.
Special Cable to Tha C*n and the New York Herald. Copyright, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
\ T^^CE. Deo. 27.— The gondoliers* day has ended. A company has started
l/ a of tiny steam launches plytry? between the A company has started
■ad the ntlßlllll
* I A. number of electric boats will be started very soon. A movement Is on
Jf loot to anply screws worked by eleciriclty to ancient gondolas.
It was some ttve years apo that the romantic visitor in Venice was
nrst shocked by "■•-:;•■"•..• !n the canals of a steam launch from -a visiting
yarnu Then about a year later appeared a Uttle electric launch owned >>> .a
manufacturer.. The gondoliers pcowled and predicted disaster, while.pil
grims of romance Invoked Iluskin against the scurrying Innovation.
But Kowli and protects vrere in vain. Modern Venetians formed a syndicate,
-t has bt-cn oxp.rlmentlne for about a year ar.d the result Is announced by the
forcgolnß dispatch, which shows that the tourist can now gut around more quick
ly, while he reads his Rrownlnß to the accoirpanlment of a swiftly throbbing
screw and the staccato puffln** of a stoam engine.
JONES STILL A
DOUBTING THOMAS
Must See Wolfsohn in
the Flesh.
e»*cUl D4«witoh to The C*IL
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 27-AocorJlng to
latent report* U«*njamin Wolfsohn of St.
Ixtula, father of at least one Aaron Wolf-
Bohn. is now convinced that his own son
Is »liv.v The father has notMed Public
Administrator Kellogg of his conclusion.
Ehould th« father bo correct that his
Aaron Wnlfsohn Is not the man who com
mitted suicide- in this city last July, a
fraud upon the New York Life Insurance
Company has been attempted. Not wit h
standlng this statement by the elder
Wolfsohn. the Aaron Wolfnohn ho has In
mind must be produced in Los Angele*
and identified by Mrs. O'Neil, Agent Jones
and by Leon F. Moss, attorney for Kel
logg. .Following is the latest telegraphic
correspondence on the subject:
NEW YORK. Dec. ».
Jjfoa F. Moss, Attorney for Public Adminis
trator. Loi ■ : r ■•>■ • Teleirrim received. Wolf
*ohn !» poeHlvrly la Chicago. 1 atn preparing
' utlefartory vroot of bis Identity, which 1 will
mtuC to you. G. M. HUBUHLU
tien«-ral > '. i.:.---:. »w York Lite ;•».--: I Co.
■ To this Moss replied:
. Only proof *atJ»factnry to dm weu:a 1 - Wolf
*oha s>ro«iicf(l alive In court or Id^ntlfiml by
.'-.■' In r. ; i m : . :. ■• e» party ::.- jrtl.
None of the interested parties In Los
Angeles havo heard anything from Wolf
i :.n and they do not place credence in
the statement that tho Chicago man Is
the legal Wolfsuhn. There Is something
wrong in the matter, but Just what that
is still r>:. ...'.-.. s a mystery.
The man found in his room In the Main
rtrret lodging house (not Mrs. O'Nells
room) nu. not murdered. He committed
suicide beyond doubt.. The Mr*. Mary
O'Nell. who figures as Wolfsohns pros
poctiv© bride* cam© from San Francisco
when the heard of h!a death and was In
fWolfsohn's room at the Nadeau when he
was examined for his life insurance pol
icy and was rpoken to by Mr. Jones. It
«iv Wolfnohn's Intention to. make the
i>ollcy payable to her and he »o expressed
■ lilmwlf and her name would have been
li.Kerted in the policy but for her objec
tions at that time to having her namo
used-
WEDDED AT WASHINGTON.
Marriage -of Lieutenant Vogtlgesang
and Miss Zenaide Shepherd.
NEW YORK. Doc 27.— The marriage of
Miss Zenaide Shephard. daughter of Cap
tain erd Mrs, Edwin Malcolm Shephard,
U. S. N.. to Lieutenant Theodore Vosel
fre*ang. D. S. N.. of San Francisco, look
ji'.aee at high noon to-day in St. Pauls
"Memorial Church. Stapleton. S. I. The
wedding was a naval affair and many of
the guests were In full uniform.
The bridesmaids were Mi«? Emily K<n
redy of Philadelphia. Miss Mary Todd of
Washington and Miss Sackett of New
York- The ushers were Lieutenant L N.
Taylor of Washington, Lieutenant W. A.
Mnffat of Pennsylvania. Captain Tn »1
•w-ell of rtie Marine Corps. Brooklyn: Lieu
tenant Cranton of the Seventh Infantry,
U. S A., who were In full uniform, ar.d
J. Ml Blankenshlp of Baltimore and W.
11. Chase of New York. In civilian dress.
HEADACHE,
CONSTIPATION,
LOSS OF APPETITE
HUDYAN CURES.
. «n Th» three cca£l-
l"^ - • Hum mentioned
/fes?<l above are usually
"■'.\\l associated, and de-
■j '?i J . ", ■K fr"'\l'?St note a dTanpemant
' jajyi' • 'kcEbbV "* stomach, liver *'
BX <, x (l^ffi nen'ous system.
Hud} an affords
|fir*i '3-JB *>*
Mf^VaJH cause li uJy a n
%-'k.*"A%} jBH^HB reaches all theae In
B fflßfl no curative lnilu-
SH£Ksr»#<»#^WffSSJE ence. Hulyan e«-
*&'ZjAr j 2/^^H tabllshes perfect «1-
H^^^* "* **** p^i>t!on. perfect ac-
Wtit * i -/-^^* ~^3u tlvlty of liver, aad
JfiCP > \ /""^\ >■■ creates strong
WL , N' wy '•J healthy nerves. • •
.if/ . /\ -y*s X"A Hudyan cures all
i?i2 ■* »- \*— "***3^ mjch weaknesses as
577 *- O "I 9K ~^^h ■ in r s-*-d by the
■ -vv*^Bl'*?'-J .numbers. Women
m '<%f^t— — rv-\5 '■>/ and men who are
»9 XVvV^4B '^J '•"'• or "allow.
Yj ""A T<X *-^V%> 2sM emaciated or ner-
\'/ " i?/ VlfS -3ri voub, ihuuM take
> „ rJßrjGimf *fti i Hudyan M'idyan
i 'ra^avßavaf •/*'- I brinirs the clow of
' '■'I'\\t 1 7>^' ll 'n i perfect h«-ultlj.
1 X ■taVM^PI I M. N»ui' «. si'-fplesn-
/ IV^wjßmß n ''» bacsard look.
fVV- •y/WSJ-?* d 1 c ■ y s«>n«atlona.
b*£u/!vb»>vVlSl pain la small of
" MvMK^ f9^)%i back, pain In Joints
aVAUfISfI fcn^ muscle*, gen-
r <*y> <RS era! weakness and
tJ>tVAS>'47*2rP,4 all-rone feelinc. all
bV^%^9^^iSK3bvl ~ rr ■yoiptoms that
I fILvrSs&C&aVJI nbove weak-
< P/rfsm^Ss^sfVaHM neMf*. Mu.Jyar
M Mt&FaF^m <W ' •T'Ptly bring
IW| <^*71*/VV^WKI n'-alth and atrenrtb
« KaV^Marilll Knii t>erfrct rt-llef
•VaW^BK^RPUIVI ■ pains
v^ (£&&£&&%(& »''<J miweries. »«t«
*C.WaV^Vsal Mudyin act*
> VaVa'?'!'? ,&«{ rently yet etTectlve-
\t^JJ£JA>/tim^ ] > u'^n liver, thus
1 "™* r furnlshinr th« bow-
els with nature's
}a.xatlve— the bile. Iludyan cures permanently.
rCT HITnViIC Fnim your ■:.• i:»-ci»t. We a
(jtl 111 In A> packase. els packaces for
12 to If your Jrurc»rt d«es not keep It. «end dl-
rect to the HUDTAK RUMTCDT- CO.. cor.
Ftrwkton. BUs *o<l Market sts.. San Franclsoo.
c<V>vsx'i/Tc <V>vsx'i/T nnnvAN roc Tons about
TOUh CASD-FHEE OF CHARGE^ CALi. OR
WRITE.
Aynmir OR- JORDAN'S great i
sh«seub of anatomy^
4 «^ *.::;iu£xxrsr;i»i«-.*»: s .t.::.r Cii k
\ of Tbe L»rtect Aim— nal Mnna la tbe T
A w«3s^. World. VVeaxnetkei or . Any contneted A
V niSiBW dKM •p.«lil»'l, r »r^f7lh»ol(l«lf
% / 15 3 I Speculates lhieC ** - EK.*r«n •
* §ff I OR. JMOAft-fitIVATE DISEASES 4
v f ataTaß ( n»«»ltanon fn<r and ftrlrtlr prifiSc. \
i I nf I Ti» liawt pctsoatt!) nr 1 , liict. AM
V I if Ti ■ N«jm» (W»l»ar)Q>n«»liilitn. T
II / lil, »m(ii»B*i.i > «».onorßV»fi
V■ If '!•■*.■»«•*•*«. M*njca pass. (AT
i A J. valuable tMck for »<■■; \
V Dhi I OCD 4 > A CO.. Market St., 8. P. f
■>-a>-%.-^-e>-av-a>^av^^^^%^a>^a>§
MIXED MARRIAGES
BY DISPENSATION
Papa! Decree Do s Not
Prevent Them.
.atch to IT- *iTI
ST LOUIS. Dec 27.-Archbishop Kaln
to-«lay received a communication from
Mgr. Mnrtlnolll. the apostolic delegate at
Washington, saying that th* recent de
cree l^ued from Home regarding,lndul
gences and other favors ffom the Pope,
•io^s not in any way abridge tho faculties
heretofore held by P.lshop? and Arch
bitfhops of issuing dispensations for mixed
m:irrl.iKr»*. The message from Mgr. Mar
tlnclli was in rt-ply to a request from the
Archbishop for a ruling on the question.
Archbishop Corrigan of New York last
week sent a circular to his clergymen,
which gave rise to the report that no dis
pensa.tior.s could be obtained during the
Jubilee > <>ar. r xcept directly from th- Vat
ican. The statement of the upostolic
delegate rfTrctually settles this question.
It If explained that the dispensation for
tho marriage of a Catholic and one of a
different faith is issued only in the name
of the Holy Father. Without the seal of
the Holy bee the document would have
no authority: en that, in this cu.««e. the
wish of the Pope that Rome shall be "the
real fountain of mercy and spiritual
favors for the Catholics of the entire
world" during the coming year will still
be rarried out.
' rred to, ji is now under
;
hin the fa.
• Archbiyti -Ir ministers.
Miner Killed.
ANGELS CAMP. Dec. 27.— John Kosto
vlch. mii Austrian, was struck by a mov
ing skip at the 400-foot level of the Llght
n"r mine this morning and fatally In
jured. He leaves a brother at this place
and a family In Austria.
PAST THE THIRTY
THOUSAND MARK
Lawton Home Fund
Crows Steadily.
>
*?z*c!aJ Dispatch to Th« C*H.
WASHINGTON. Doc. :7.-The subscrip
tions to the Lawton home fund received
by General Ccrbln at the War Department
lup to date amount to $17,323. The total
subscription list now amounts to $31,404.
Including outside contributions.
Among the contributions to the fund re
ceived by Adjutant General Corbln to-day
i was one of $500 from Lewis Case Ledyard
' of New York, which, he said, was made
"in memory of my nephew. Lieutenant
A. C. Ledyard. killed In action in Negroa,
December 8, 1593."
Quartermaster General Ludington re
ceived a cable message to-day from Colo
nel Miller of the Quartermaster's Depart
ment at Manila, saying that arrangements
' have been mado to Fend home the bodies
of Major General Lawton. Major John- a.
Logan Jr. and Major Armstrong, on the
transport Thomas, which will sail on the
30th instant for San Francisco. - -.- -
LOCAL SUBSCRIPTIONS.
One Five Hundred Dollar Contribu
tion to the .Fund.
The. contributions to the Lawton fund
received by Major General Shatter yes
terday v..re as follows:
I*revlo«sly acknowledged ."... $126 to
Winchester Kepeatlnir Arms Co, by A. "
Muller. fan Francisco agent 600 00
John F. Boyd. Nevada block. San
Franeinco 100 00
n. F. Brown. Hartford. Conn 15 00
Colonel if. U. Freeman. Presidio. San
Francisco ie 00
Georce 11. Delavelsne. Los Angel's ( 00
H*j< IllliflltO Transportation Company,
Sacramento . ■ ( 00
William Sexton, for man's Fund
Insurance Comrany 00
Oeoree A.-Anthotne, Btddeford. Ma 2 00 .
W. J. Semmona, Prlmctiar. lowa SO
Total Ji.l« 00
General Corbln sent the following tele
gram to General Shafter yesterday:' '
WASHINGTON, Dec' 17
General Fliaft»«r. San Francisco: We have
acr*<-i. with your approval, to push the Law
ton fund until th» evening of January B. when*
we will elope rubKrriptfonn and remit all funds'
here for deporlt with the^lrir* National Bank. <
H. C OOBBUI, Adjutant General. .
General Shafter hopes that those gen
erous people who Intend making contri
butions will send In their donations at '
an early date. In order to make as good
a showing as possible for the Pacific !
Coast.
WARING REAPPEARS
TO MEET H4S FATE
Second Infantry Captain Reports to
General Merritt and Is Placed
Under Arrest.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.-Captaln John
K. faring of the Second Infantr>'. U. S.
: A., who has been missing since last Oc
tober, when he left his regiment In Cuba
[ on sick leave, and for whom an order of
I arrest was Issued In November, reported
at Governors Island on Tuesday and was.
, put under arrest by order of General
Merritt. Ho is now In the hospital under
close guard. Captain Waring has been
wanted In order to explain certain finan
rial transactions which he had while in
Matanzas. Cuba, last summer with Cap
tain Frederick T. Van Llew of the same
repiment, who was found Ruilty upon
, trial by court-martial of mlsappropriat-
Inpseveral hundred dollars and was dis
• missed from the service. Captain War
i ing's friends believe he can explain sat
isfactorily, although some of them think
he in unbalanced mentally.
• General Merritt received a letter from
Captain Warlnp on Monday, in which ho
said he had been living at Bensonhurst
nine© the order for his arrest was 13
' sued. . .
MRS LEE CITED.
Must Given an Accounting of the
Freeman Estate.
SAN RAFAET.. Dec. 27.— Jeruile I,**,
whose odmlnlPtratinn of the estate of
the late Dr. Freeman of SausaJlto has
caused such dissatisfaction to tha cred-
IHE SA3* FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 28.' 1899.
MORELAND ACADEMY AT
WATSONVILLE DEDICATED
Handsome Building in Which Young Women
Will Be Educated by Sisters of
Notre Dame.
ACADEMY AT WATSONVILLE, DONATED AND ENDOWED
BY MRS. MORELAND.
WATSON VI LLE. Dec. 27.—
Ireland Notre Dame Acad
emy, the cornerstone of which
was laid on March 7 of this
year, was dedicated to-day by
Rishop Montgomery of Los An
geles, assisted by Rev. Fathers Matron
and Hass«»tt of Watsonville. Hudson of
Gilroy, McVamee of &anta Cruz, Mohoney
of Castroville -and other priests from
neighboring cities.
From the first announcement that Mrs.
Moreland intended to build an academy
in this city, to be under the direction of
the Sisters of the Notre Dame, for the
education of young women, much Interest
has been manifested in each developing
stage of the commendable work. And this
interest has been general among all the
people, irrespective of religious faith.
In setting apart for the cause of morality
and education a goodly Ehare of the ac
cumulations of a lifetime. Mrs. Moreland
has shown an unseltlsh, philanthropic and
Itors of the same, was to-day mimmorxMl
by a citation Issued by the Superior
Court to appear before it on Tuesday.
January 2. and explain why the accounts
have not been settled. Public Adminis
trator Edon appears in th*» role of prin
cipal creditor to the amount of several
hundred dollars.
Eden wat about a year agro sued for
$20 000 by Mrs. I/ec to recover for alleged
personal indignities suffered by her when,
Eden entered the house on the doctor's
; death In his official capacity of Public
Administrator. No will could be found at
the time of Freeman's demise and several
valuable diamonds were missed. Later a
will was produced In Jennie Lee's favor
and she was appointed administratrix.
The various creditors of the estate
claim they have never received a penny
from that day to this. E.U. Martirr-lU.
counsel for the plaintiff, promises some
highly sensational developments and
much Intercut Is aroused.
STRONG OPPOSITION TO
THE NEW TREATIES
Los Angeles Board of Trade Receives
an Encouraging Letter From
Senator Perkins.
IX>S ANGELES, Dec. 27.— The Board of
Trade Is In receipt of the following en
couraging letter from Senator Perkins
with regard to the proposed Jamaican
treaty:
I am In receipt of your favor of December II
enclosing a copy 'of the resolution adopted by
th« boird of directors protesting against the
proposed "Jamaica treaty." and In reply would
say that I will prepent the protert to the Sen
ate and have It referred to the committees on
Finance and Foreign Affairs, ' who have the
subject under consideration." I am. however, of
the opinion that both the French and. Ja
maican treaties will b» amended or defeated in
tlio Senate. In any event. It will have to go to
the House of Representative* for approval of
Congress (as provided In section 4. tariff law,
15?7) and cur deletratlon from California In that
body Join me in the belief that a majority vote
cannot be obtained. I beg to assure the mem
bers'of your organisation,- and through them
the goodp*ople of California, that no effort
will be spared on the part of the *hole dele
ration In Congress from California to foster
and protect every Industry and product Of our
State. I remain, yours very truly.
GEORGE C. PERKIXS.
ROBERTS ACTING CHIEF.
Changes Made by Los Angeles Police
ie • Commission.
LOS ANGELES. Dec 27.— W. C. Roberts
was to-day elected captain of the police
department of this city and made acting
chief. :-':'". ■ ••;■.'
The new police board took this action
• after derating Captain Gus Smith to the
■ ranks and dismissing the various charges
preferred against Roberts and on which
he had been notified that the old board
Intended to dismiss him from the force.
1 The new board made other changes as
; follows: Sergeant Lehnhausen to patrol
man; Patrolman Jeffries to sergeant:
Secretary Charles Moffatt to detective;
Patrolman Ray bottle to secretary: Pa
trolman Hcnsley to clerk; Clerk Hlriart
to patrolman; Bailiff Appol restored to
his pUce.
These chances replace the men named
1 In the positions they occupied before the
reorganization by the old board except
In the base of Gus Smith, who was then
i a sergeant and now becomes a patrolman.
JTTNK CAPSIZES.
One Man Missing and It Is Feared
He Is Drowned.
SAN QUKNTIN Dec. 27.— A Junk con
taining liv." 1 Chinese fishermen was cap
sized off Red Rock late this afternoon
and It is feared one of them has been
drowned. John George., a Greek Sxheo
man, discovered four of the party clin;?
the :»oltom vf th'ir ui>nirned craft.
d then to Ihe village, wb«rt
dry rl-)th« •« were iirovi<l<d for them, and
to-night they lr.ft f<<r P.iint Ban F^Bdra
what c iulil be understood from
their ■tsUeawnt th<* accident occurred
while tin y vi«re setting their nets. The
missirff nian Is probably drowned,* as no
trace of him could be found.
rireside Comfort.
A social glass of Evans" Ale or Evans 1
Stout. •
Kruse Alleged Incompetent.
SANTA ICOSA, Dec. 27— In the Superior
Court Edward P. E. Krus« filed a peti
tion this afternoon n*ktng that he be ap
pointed guardian of the estate of his
brother, w. \l. Kruse, the alleged In
competent. The petitioner states that
W'illUm, hy reason of his habitual Intem
perance. Is wholly incapable <>f managing
nls property. He further alleges that he
tiuandeTs his money.
Christian spirit, and her pood work will
be In existence for the mental and moral
training of the young to the end that
they may fittingly as;nime the active
duties of life, long after those who wit
nessed the dedication to-day have passed
from this life, and It will be a tribute to
the -worthy life work of Its founder which
will bo nobler and more enduring: than
stone or brass. The' academy Is also a
tribute to the memory of Mrs. Moreland's
only child, Miss Josie, who died several
years ago. ' The building, which cost over
$30,000, Is a handsome three-story structure
and modern throughout. Sister Vornnlca
is the Mother Superior of the academy
and for the present she will have with her
six assistants.
to the dedicati ry crpmnnlc? at
idemy Bishop Montgomery deliver
ed fin appropriate sermon for the occasion
In St. Patrick's Church, which Is Jusrt
!i'-r':ss tho street from the academy. Tho
Bishop's address was a masterly effort
CLARK CHARGES
TO BE TAKEN UP
Senate Will Probe the
Montana Scandal.
6peclal Dispatch to Th« Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 27.— Senator
Chandler, chairman of the Senate Com
mittee on Privileges and Elections, said
to-day that the committee would begin
its formal Inquiry into the contest over
at >f Senator Clark of Montana on
Friday, January :,. Counsel on both sides
of the controversy will be heard on that
date and they will be followed on Satur
day and Monday by the Witnesses for the
complainants. Of tnose about twenty
have been requested by telegrams to ap
a the time mention. «l. After these
have bern heard it is understood the de
fense will name the wltness-s which it
may desire to have heard in rebuttal.
The indications are that the hearing in
the case will consume considerable time.
1 Montanans ban Indicated a will
ingness to come to Washington to testify,
but the committee is determined to hold
the list down to ad narrow limits us pos
sible because of the expense of bruin ing
persons no great a distance. Among those
who probably will be asked to attend are
a number of members of the Legislature
whose names have br.-n m»»rition^<l in con
nection with the charges of bribery. The
first point taken up in the inquiry "will bo
the charge that Thirty bills of JIOOO each
were presented to one man to obtain his
support »»f Mr. Clark.
The counsel for the prosecution Includes
ex-Serator Kdmunds, 'Representative
Campbell of Montana, ex-Representative
liartman of Montana and Hon. Jt-r>- Wil
son of this city. Former United States
S'Tiator -Faulkner of West Virginia is so
far the only counsel of record In behaTr
of Mr. Clark.
LAUNCHING OF THE STOCKTON.
Newly Constructed Torpedo Boat
Slides From the Ways.
RICHMOND, Dec. 27.— Despite the fact
that it was snowing heavily, a large
crowd assembled at Trigg Bhipyard here
to-day to witness the launching of the
torpedo boat Stockton. The Stockton is
a sister boat to the Shuhrlck, which wag
launched some weeks ago. Miss Kather
lne Stockton, the eldest unmarried daugh
ter of the eldest son of Commodore
Stockton, christened the boat and th«- af
fair went off without the slightest hitch.
The Stockton is 176 feet long of 17 feet
beam and 4 feet 8 inches draught, and is
expected to make on Her trial trip twenty-
Biz knots.
THOMPSON'S WILL FILED.
Is Unwitnessed and Was Evidently
Written at the Last Moment.
BAM RAFAEL. Dec. 27.— "This is my
last will and testament. I leave all to my
sister and children. It is all in my own
handwriting."
With this brief will, written In his last
moment*, arid dated Friday, the Bd, the
nay (..-fore he died. James A. Thompson,
the late rathler of the Donohoe-K illy
Bank, disposed of his estate. The will is
unwitnessed and in the feeble strikes
plainly |hoiva that It was penned at tho
eleventh hour.
To-day Jcseph Thompson, the eldest
son of »he deceased capitalist, petitioned
the Superior Court to allow the will to
be admitted to probate. The estate Is
valued :it 5.7) ,000 and six children are left
to share it with Thompson's sister.
Stolen Property Found.
CHICO, Dec. 27.— Last night officers
found in the Normal grounds several reg
istered parkagos which were stolen from
the post office on Sunday morning; also
the steel money box and some $300 worth
of jewelry which were taken from tne
safe. Two men are now under arrest here
on suspicion.
Prosperity for 1900.
Indications everywhere point to crest pros
perity for the coming year. Thin Is an Invari
able sign of a healthy nature The success of
a country, as well as the success of an indi
vidual, depends upon health.. .There can be no
health rf the stomach Is ' weak. If you have
any stomach trouble try Hostetter's Btomach
Bitters, which cures dyspepsia, Indigestion and
biliousness. It makes strong, vigorous men and
women. - I
and consumed over an hour In Its de
livery. He congratulated the local parish
upon having had erected in Its midst ati
educational Institution like the Morelaml
Academy, which it really could call its
own. Too often Institutions of this kind
l" gun their life loaded down with a debt,
but such was not th© ca*«s in this instance,
thanks to the noble hearted woman who
endowed It. The academy will not only
bo an ornament and a bl.'sslnic to the local
parish, but nl.«o fco the community where
all people, irrespective of creed, have
taken surh s Justifiable pride In its suc
i copsful completion.
In the Bishop's opinion there Is nowhere
i to be found a more model goverment and
public school system than in. the I'nited
And it would not be just or proper
that the moral training of those children
should be given to any one sect. While
the public schools attend full well to the
physical and mental training of the chil
! dren their moral training should be dili
gently JookM after by the various religi
ous denominations to which they claim
allegiance. He .urged upon the members
of the parish to rendec a hearty support
t>> tho Sisters in charge of the school.
The address throughout was one that
: lied with lofty and noble sentiment
and was listened to with great attention
by the large audience. The school will bo
I opened to-morrow. •
PLAGUE IS RAGING.
Many Deaths From the Dread Mal-
ady in New Caledonia,
SYDNEY. N B. W., I.Vp. L'7.-The fcrlt
i<sh Consul at Noumra confirms th© report
that the plague In a severe type Is rag-
Ing and that many deaths from that cause
have occurred In New Caledonia. The
Oovernments of Australia have taken
Ftringent precautions for quarantining
arrivals from Noumea.
GREAT
mm w.
ULMMIM oALM
"" "■■ ■ ' '■" '■■ ■■ "■ 0
SWEEPING
REDUCTIONS
...1N...
TAILOR-MADE SUITS, FURS, DRESS SKIRTS, SILK
SKIRTS, JACKETS, FEATHER BOAS, LADIES'
NECKWEAR, GOLF CAPES, CLOTH CAPES, KID
GLOVES, CORSETS AND LADIES' WRAPPERS.
Special!
800 yards BLACK CREPON, value for 14; marked down t0...
;:.;v.:;.y. ; 52.75
600 WRAPPERS, value for $1.75; marked down to 51.00
LADIES' GOLF CAPES, value for $12.60; marked down U>....
:.,... ...5».50
LADIES' ELECTRIC SEAL CAPES, value for $27.50; marked
down to .520.00
LADIES' STOCK COLLARS marked down to 15c
LADIES' CORSETS, value for $1; marked down to 50c
—^— —
BLACK CHIFFON NECKWEAR MARKED DOWN.
LACE NECKWEAR MARKED DOWN.
LADIES' COLORED SKIRTS, value for $1.25: marked down ".'.■•':
to t \ ;•;..;..".. «r>c
Ladies will do well to examine the above lines and con-
vince themselves that they are positively the greatest bar-
gains ever offered in new and seasonable goods.
ETOUR STORE 18 LOCATED ON MARKET STREET
BETWEEN TAYLOR AND MASON STREETS.
OUR STOCK IS ENTIRELY NEW.
WE ARE IN BUSINESS ONLY 90 DAYS.
WE. ARE STRICTLY ONE PRICE. • "
J.O'BRIEN&CO.
W - Market Street,
Bet. Taylor and Mason.
NEW STORE. NEW GOODS.
WOMAN SHOOTS
FOR VENGEANCE
Charles Thomas of Mer
ced Fatally Injured.
Swial DiJratch to The Cail.
MERCED. Dec. 27.— Charles A. Thomas,
who Is employed in a local printing oßlce.
was shot this afternoon by the woman he
claims as his wife. She waited at tho
office at which he was working, and when
he came out she engaged him in conver
sation. She then drew .i revolver and t
lired, the ball filtering the victim's body
Just below, the heart. He rushed back
into the oMce closviy followed by her. but
she wnjj unarmed before she could tire
again.
tSome months ago Thomas took Miss
Marjjuret Silvey to Frcsr.o and on their
return to Merced he claimed her as hU
wife, stating that they were married
whUc away.
The* family of the girl did nor credit his
assertion and a week ;ir, • her • brother
Went to the house where they were living,
to take, her back to her mother and when
Thomas attempt*.;! to interfere he shot
four times at him. none of the shots tak
ing, effect. The Attending physician can
not uk yet state Just how badly the man
Is wounded.
DEAD OF THE MAINE
TO BE BURIED TO-DAY
Mr. McKinlev and Members of the
Cabinet Will Attend the Fun
eral Ceremonies.
WASHINGTON. Dec. Captain Slffs
bee and Chaplain CMdWteli called at the
Navy Department hi.- mo/nlng to con
1 sult with Assistant Secretary Allen .-
J specting the ceremonies to take place to
morrow nt Arlington In connection with
the reinterment of the bodies of tlio
Maine's victims'. '•
The bodies of 151 dead sailors arrived
here this morning over the Chesapeake
' and Ohio Railroad on a special train of
six cars. They were escorted by a guard
of honor, composed of twelve men from
the Texas, including one of the original
Maine erew — Jerry Shea. The party wus
( under the command of Lieutenant Beo
ham. The bodies were conveyed to
Rosslyn, Va.. " opposite the- District, and
there were transferred to wagons be
longing to the Quartermaster's Depart
ment, which removed them to the burial
Kite in Arlington Cemetery. The caskets
have been placed in open hospital tents,
1 and the guard of honor will be maintained
over them until they are burled to-mor
row.
"lne exercises will be a* simple as pos
sible, 'lue President and members of the
Cabinet and a number of naval officers
are expected to attend the funeral cere
monies. The Naval Department to-day
ordered a sufficient number of wreaths
I made of ealax leaven for one to be
i placed on each casket.
Buchanan's Funeral.
SAN JOSK. D»>c. 27.— Arrangements have
rint yet been made for the funeral of Dr.
Joseph R. Buchanan, the notf-U psychn-
Ir.gist who died here yesterday, pending
arrival of liU wife from Denver. In all
probability the. body will be shipped to
Cincinnati for Interment. Prominent pe..
plo from all over th*> State. It Is expertr'i.
will be here In attendance at the Ml
• Flood Water Subsiding.
WOODLAND, D*c. T, —The flood water,
whlrh escaped Into the Yolo basin by
moans of the big easement* Is said to »..
rapidly puhsiillng. Ther* Is con?iderabl»
dlffer>nc& of opinion aa to the advisabil
ity of raising the easement a foot in Be
corilatite with the sussesiion of the new
commisHloncr.
• Relief for Famine Sufferers.
. LONDON, Dec. 27— The Viceroy of In
dia, Lord Curznn of Keddleston, tcl«-
graphs from Calcutta that there has been
no lr.creaP*- of rain and that "«; . 4 1 1 . ' » - ■
natives sufTerlng from famine are now
receiving; relief.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP ROOT.
Few Days' Brew -
of Deadly
Uric Acid.
In a te& flay* you brew enough urio
acid in your own body to produce
death. . /.^
Your kidneys arc your only salvation.
Because when they are well they fil-
ter out thi3 deadly poison.
So. when your kidneys are sick, you
| can understand how quickly your en-
tire body is affected, and how every or-
gan seems to fail to do Its duty.
They are all twins slowly poisoned.
Uric acid poison Irritates the nerves
and causes rheumatic pains in Joints,
muscles and limbs, headach*?. backache,
stomach and liver trouble, shortness of
■ breath, heart trouble, dizziness, nerv-
ousness, irritability, lassitude, loss of
ambition, weakness and wasting away,
Red brick dust an. I similar sediments
lln the urine arc all caused by various
salts of uric aclil.
The cure for the?- troubles Is Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney
| remedy.
It instantly relieves the congested,
overworked kidneys and gradually
brlr.ps them back to health.
Healthy kidneys keep down the ex-
cess of uric acid, and you soon Cml the
; benefit In new health and strength.
Swamp-Root should at dnce bo taken
upon the least sign of ill health. It
will make you well and is for sale
the world over in bottles of two sixes
and two prices— DO cent 3 and Si.
Swamp-Root Is used in the leading
hospitals; recommended by skillful
physicians In th: private practice, and
is taken by doctors themselves who
have kidney ailments, because they
recognize In it the greatest and most
successful remedy for kidney and blad.
1 der troubles.
To prove Us wonderful efficacy, send
your name and address to Dr. Kilmer
& Co., rsinghamton. N. v . mentioning
, this paper, when you will receive free
.of all charge a sample bottl» of
Swamp-Root and a valuable book 'by
1 mail prepaid. This book contains many
of the thousands upon thousands of
testimonial letters received from men
and women cured.
j
1 n 1,, ... i 1,,
BIG REDUCTION in first-class
TAILOR-MADE GARMENTS
' Sack Sulu. r-t' ■■'.■ * ?1.-...".0
Frock Suits, r^^uced to 2H M O
Prince AlLert fults. reduced to 5.1.00
Full Dress Suits, reduced to 40.00
Overcoats. j-etluce-J to ,~... UO.Oo
Pant*, reduced t0...." 4JUt
fil^T '
1 1110-1112 Market St. 1011 Wathtnctoa St..
•ZOl-SO3 Montgomery St., Oakland.
1 San Francisco.
, -
Eye=Glasses
Stay On
When they pinch a sore place on the
, nose, but our clip stays without a pinch,
I slip or tilt.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick re-
pairing. Factory on premises. Fhone
Main 10.
642 Market st. l-«strumints
I EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS, '
• A $7.00 BOOK.
Th* Book of the On'.ury. Handaom*lr
i I Hunt rated by thirty-two of ttM World" •
Greatest Artlxts.
GIVEN FREE
i si each person Interested in *üb«erfbtnc
to the Eujfen* Field Monument Boanmlr
Fund. Subx<-rlb« any amount desired.
Subscriptions as low ■« SI will >n:lUt
donor. to this' daintily artistic volurn*
."FIELD FLOWERS"
• t:. bound.- Sill>. as a certificate of sub-
' scription to fund. Book contains % sale**
tlon of Fluid's best and most representa-
tive works and Is r«ady for delivery.
But for the nobl* rortrlbutton of tn«
i world's |rreate«t artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than $7.
The Fund created Is divided equally be-
tween the family of the tola Eurene- Fl« 14
and the Fund for th» bnlMlna* of a. mono,
■ ment to th» memory of tha be!ov«a po«t
of rhll.lh - 1 Address *
EUOINE HELD MOM UXEXT SOCYErf IB FPSO.
180 Monroe St., Chicago*
. (Also at Book Stores.)
; If you also wish to send postage, "enclos*
! 10 cents. .,
Mention this Journal, an Adv. la Inserted aa ova
Contribution.
i
27 5x206 Feet,
$36,000.
2 Corners 3 Fronts.
ON BAT AND NORTH POINT STREETS,
between • I 'upon t and Stockton; within 17S
feet of deep-water front and grain ih«d«: <•*-
reaalvely cheap; ready for warehouse or fac-
tory. TIIOS. IUGKE * SONS.
Real Estate Agent*. 5 Montgomery st.
orr. tJl««T>l'««n*«. «v;.. catM«d by •rf.
work aad l«<ii*cr«»tioa». Thr? ««Uhf
Jmm ■ nrf •"»"•*» rim Loat Vitality la all
% •y or yonnc. aad It a maa far «taJy. boat-
Baas or pl»iaar«. Pti*«at laaaaitf »al
Ta^ JjJm OasrasiMiaa if tak*a la tuaa. Tb«lp
o««SßOwsimmadlat* imprawMr.t aad •Sects CXTU
' whara all other* fall, I n«l at ap*« tba gaaala«
AJax Tablets. They ba*o cared th«aaaa4a aad will
tw too. Wo r l»« a poaJUva writtan roaraataaj to •f .
fartaeoralnaitchcaaaxtr r»foad tanjaoaar. to «f-
icoralnMchctM or rvfaaU tfejt moarnr. Prtoa
•ft par McfcaA or nx Pfcaiasaa UaJI trwc
\>\9, maatl rorSafiObrmall.lapUiH wracsar
apon receipt of price Cirealarafree.
AJAX REMEDY CO., 79 cSSSo?Si^
For sal» In 8. F. by L«lpnlts * Co.. No Per.
c«ota<e Drug Co., Owl Drag Co.. 8. I\, o«ki's»
34
FILIPINOS DRIVER
FROM TRENCHES
American Victory Near
Montaiban.
♦
INSURGENTS LOSE HEAVILY
♦ —
FLEE IN ALL . DIRECTIONS TO
ESCAPE DEATH.
Fprial Wvatih t.i IT.? ML
MANTLA. Dec. 27.— Colonel Locfcett.
with :t Jnrce o{ 'JU*\ including artillery.!
,T.thik<il this morr.lnc a strong force of]
insurgent* intrenched in the mountains
:uar >w.ntalban. about live miles north
east o! San Mateo. The enemy were
completely routed^ the Americans pursu
ing :lum thi-nugh the hills, amid which
tho ::<*l in *\vry direction. Few Ameri
cans were wounded. Tho Filipino loss
v..s larj;*>, r«»ultlng from a heavy ln
l.ir.trv aji.l anlllery nr« for four hours
ln;o th<« t'<:ioh»-s.
2: '.9 hui>]MFc<i the Jnsurprnts were those
tviio w« n <irlv« n «>u? of P.m Mateo onj
t fj • ■ ("ay C'.cral 'I.auton was klll<-l. Th<»>- 1
in:nit'cr< il ;>rol>ably a th<>u>and. A dozen j
ll!:».s uf ii^urKi-nt trt-nthi's covered the j
st..;» trail throuph the lulls ami like- 1
win :?■•• va'.icy below, aJonj; which the i
Americans ivufj-vd. The main attacking
j:tiry txtasiFttd ..f thf Forty-sixth vulun
trer Infantry, a troop of cavalry and ar
tillery. Colonel lyockeit ci):nman:Jlnj; in i
J'^•r^orl Till- 1< Nl of ilic « -•:—.::. .i : i . i upiT- |
au<l irom reixtote point* in an endeavor
to carry out <*<>lom*l Locket t' a plan <>f
ihrciwlr.g his lines around the enemy and
thus cuitlnp .o.t retreat. The nature of
the mountainous country made It !m-
I>rael!cable to execute tin* movement sac
c< *f fully.
As tho insurprsits «>epan to run there
was a vaiu attempt to urn the artillery.
i
WHITE MAN'S BURDEN
IN THE PHILIPPINES
NEW YORK, Dec 27.— The Independent
f r the curr«'M week will contain an arti
cle by Jacob G. Schurman, president of
Ccrntll University^and chairman of the
I'nlu-d State* c'onimisulon to the Phillp
!■..«■-. cntltied •«tur Duty to Hit i'hllip
plues." The l'oiluwlnK 1* an abstract:
We have lorty : . O!ty i::; ..- t» civilise, and
texrn < i V:jht of ttirse tribe* ha\e some :■.•,■■.
wiikni roUi. Ob the UiKtia of Luzon there
'.> int tr.i.- . i ;.l^,'.v i*-or> who »i«-«k cue
........ urn ■. •-.... different from Urn ether
lhi.fcuufe-iii a.« i-j.kiiifii .!. lien Ainm.an. Another
tntxj . r. tlie «u.tne leiar.il BamtMTtoc about ••••.-
WV It a* .■::.•. ::•:.. the •:.■:- in language
• ltd . :...ii. ;t :..-;..- a a ;!« > . :r . ; .m tha .-;■«:.
luns» then.t-'-lvts. Then in the great .>..:.: of
M^ndar.aj there are ma:.> t::b«*» that are en
tirely different fj.im eiLCh other. In the Sulu
Arih.jnlato «* COCO* l<> another *.'.*** of ca
t:v«-r. aljaut vbwe cufet..mr Li »14vcr> »o much
hu» hern ».i. '. recently. Thvue are'ail >!■■:..in.::-.•
.. i .»• .v :...• in i.i.,..i. ih- natlvta are all Catho
lic •:.:.•■ i. >:.-
Tl.» urlesta ti\e rule.l Uuznn »o lonr that
tlwr lnnuen<» n wid. riTcui, ..n4 the natives
kaw wt no ottu-r fcrm of Chri»ttaiuty. Th«
Uoinan i^tholic church has U-en eatabllfhed
th»re for SiH» y«ai*. nnJ the archlreliLgj wsi
really «ov«t»-4 t<y the pn«-«tt» and nut by the
h;.*:n»li civil cr mlhtary commander*. Of th«
|iZ^OQ,rot raiMil on U:e Island annuxlly ..!• vi
U.UW.«UO was u«<eJ lor tile church's suiipcrt.
1-ni li .snail church w..uM rrc-ive aU«ut V*A
lor u» f«|>;K»rt and th* priests an allowance of
f*K». We iiium tn-U.t lee church with having
d'.ne « rival deal of gnoi work at:.«ig the
:..:■.- \\V matt r^<-kon with these facts
«h»» %%•«• oiUklnr.aru-y to thr I'hillppines.
Mi'Hinirtn «re n^-.'.ea In tho UlanJs. and
I hore they win be »«• nt there in larte num
rera. TJiere is plenty . f work for them to do,
aj .i I hn* they will «,. with a compltte under
standing of the t;tumiou to acccnii^lUh good.
I'hoy niuat realise that tlity are cor.tendtng
with a Catholic educated pcpulatloa that knows
nothing a!>uut iJ>e One JitTc-nacea between
l'rotrstant sects and denomination*. There-
Core. It would I* t-.lghly imiKlitic to nend mis
el naries of dinwnt denumlnatlons to confuse
O)« mind* of the people. I do hope that when
We U.» .- :. i tho ::.->. .-.■u;.-» we will decide be
furehand on one form at Frotrsiant Otirlsttsn-
Ity. S.-nd < r.ly one tji'e of n»if»ionarles. The
IMililnoit Kill then have Catholic Christianity
and rrot«-ftint «.T.rUtlaalty prewntt-d to tliem
•o they can take their choice. We have ui> ade
«juut<» Uoa how cuMusing; to the mind* of an
uncivilized Maste th« CJfferent kinds of our
l'roteMant faith ar:»ar. The Chin<»se. who are
ni'Te lntelilß'-nt tliitn the Filipino*, re-gard cur
dlfferrtit denominations *> mo many different
r«-Hgl(inn. . t %
I think the Island of Mindanao Is a more pro
lific n. i i Cor tniFKlonartes to berin their work
in than X>u*on. The Iniluenc* of the Catholic
« hurch has not t>e«>n extended to Mindanao and
the slncle native* would readily accept the
type <it talth which the Americans would tench
th<rm. It If :i!f<?ll)le that.lt would te danger
t.u» to rend mi»>lonartes to the interior "of the
island at pr»-»ent. l.ut as conditions become
rin.re >fttled and the Americans are looked
uj>on with a more friendly feeling this*, place
will l>e a r:ch Held for the American mission
ary. We owe It to the FUlplnoa to giv*. th.
the l*-»i in our religion as well as in our edu
catir.n.
1 belkve th» tenting In the I'htllrplnrs Is
nearly .vi-r. .\n< t.\at ..ur armlrs now lijrtHlmc
In Northern l.m n will soon be required onl>
to ki-rj> dt>wn tin- baii.lits. The organized army
has <!limrpear«'d. und with It, we might nay.
Xhm whole Insurrection, tlort of the leader* of
the Inrurn-ctlon have ti-en ditperhej ur have
t«-r n w\»n «ivit to our ride.
1 do not *ay that ull of the insurant leaden
»*«• dl*hone«t. I believe that many of thone
who toufilit kf.-ii-M the An. •■:-;. -hiiii were ani
mated by the highest Idea of luyalty to Inde
s»nden<e. I think Airuinaldo la one '' t!il»
< :.u - and that he Is an honest man.
One reason for thy stubborn opposition to our
occupation of the Ulands Is a legacy of sucpU
Clfn and hatred fur the white man whl< h Spain
l*-<ju<;ith<-d uk The Flilplnoc know the white
race only by one fj.erinien. fcijaln to them n-r>
rvsents the whole world ft Kurm»can«-the
%-tiole whtte race— and her authorities ma.le
tirom!s«* r«-jM««tedly to th«m and broke them.
They will not to-<J«r trun Americans or fpun
tardi! or any other Europeans. Nor Is It ittranire
lhat tbcjr dlftruft the promises of the Ameri
cans. Tho diktruat rf the white race Is <me of
the prcblenm that will re>iulre years of labor to
overcome. You cannot overcome It w-ith words
It must b« <JiKrlj<ated by actual works. They
murt »:u\> ocular demonstration that the word
of the Americans can l>e rj-lied upon. Not until
then will They N tin t 0 believe us. :
ConKequ^ntly 1 have urned It en Conßress and
tne I'rM-Mtnt to t«t up civil Kovernmrnt in the
rhnipflne* Jutit as coon as the •■.•..:>,
tion warrants It. A Umple covernment Is what
Ir ■■ .■':■,'.■ cverj- province shnuld have It. so
they c»n learn the meaning- of our promises and
Intention*. The TreFldent Is In powsslon of
the fuUest Information about the needs and
condition* of the inlands, and he can Judire bet
ter than we what Is the best thins; to do. Hut
as aor.n aa a province Is saWued some civil
Government thouM b»> s. t up. to that Its oper
ation before thilr eyes will teach them lv ben-
Cla.
1 r **' that the Amerirar.s allowed th» sa
loon to «•» • foothold on the Islands. That has
curt the Ameplcans more than anything else
*nd the *j.eit.-.Mi- of American* drunk awmkens
■Ml ■ In the Flllpinou. W> suppressed the
cock fight th.re and ifrmltted the" tAverna tn
nourish. On« emj ha*lted the Filipino frailty
and the other the American vice. I have never
*ten a Tilirinn drunkard.
In Manila^ which Is reaJlr a cosmopolitan
city. In Hollo and In other cities we find •du
cated Filipino* wha are bright and pleaalr.fr to
G. Marey &
Liger-Belair's
«
NUITS, FRANCE,
BURGUNDY WINES
CHAMBERTIS, CLOS-VODGEOT, ■ CHAELIS (TOTE),
kkm, reiMAU, •■;s^r " 1878,
KTJITS, ' KACOI,
II CASES, WARTS AID PUTS. (GOLD LABEL). •
CHARLES MSINECES & 00.,
Soli Agents,
814 E&ertßtato Street, San Francisco, Cal.
NINE MEMBERS OF ONE
FAMILY MURDERED
Killed After Frightful Tortures and Their
House Robbed of Everything of
Value.
0 BERLIN, Dec —A horrible wholesale murder has Just been committed Q
O in Oslek. near Kalisch. Poland. Nine members of tho family of a wealthy D
<►* landed proprietor named Kowalski were killed after frightful tortures. The '•'
■ house was robbed of everything valuable. The mutilated corpses wero dls* O
fj covered to-day, but there Is no clew to the murderers. *- (
meet serially. It >« a good tnlng that we have
ruch a nucleus cf education to begin with. The
great masnes, of course, are tea rani, but one
Cool thing in their favor l.« that they thirst for
knowledge. With good American schools on the
islands th« leaven of general education will
produce results for the masses that will develop
the race rapidly. The 'Filipino* have many
rther g'V>d characteristics. They are honest by
nature, and show it by their dealings, although
mrptcious of the tvliit.- man.
They n»ed road* out there, and their con
struction !» the first necessity when peace la
wt-tored to the lilanils. Then alter that should I
come thf tehoola. 1.--t these be established and
the missionaries admltteJ to every province,
nnd •».! ■■ >■:-» will be assured.
Hut or.c thti.g I wish to emphasize more thnn
any other i> ilm that I have dwelt upon. We
muM make an honest civil service a.permanent
Institution on the inlands. >ptablt«he.l
the epoils »>-rt*m, and the corruption that has
followed from It has made three centuries of
evil eovernn-.enj for the people, and finally re
mlteJ In her own overthrow. The beet •-..in In i
the t'nited -rate« la none too good to go to the
Philippines a» i ■■ nor general. He must
:n»-te nut Jt:»tlc« to all and teach th*e Filipinos
la- hi* dfcftloni and example that he Is their '
frlerd. My ner.Jhif cut such & man we will
succeed, but If Ye *end an ordinary political
appointee we •ball fail. I am confident that
the right Mai will be pent, and then our ex
periment Mil be a national success.
PROMOTIONS IN STORE
FOR ARMY OFFICERS
WASHINGTON*, Dec. 27.-General Gil
bert 8. Carpenter, who was recently con
firmed as brigadier general in the regu
lar army, ha^ been placed on the retired
list on 4il* own application, after thirty
years' active service. His last service was
in .command of tho Eighteenth Infantry
in the rhlllppir.es. He has been detached
from further service in the field and or
dered home.
His retirement leaves two vacancies in
the lists of .brigadier generals and results
In promotions in either grade of the line,
including the promotion of Lieutenant
EVENTS IN THE SPORTING WORLD
JOE KENNEDY
IS AWARDED
THE DECISION
Takes Twenty Rounds to De
feat Boxer Russc I—Lawlor1 — Lawlor-
Maxwell Bout Off.
Boxer Joe Kennedy required the full
twenty rounds In his bout with Fred Rus
sell before the Western Athletio Club last
night to gain the decision. lit. was th. 1
aggressor throughout, but his loud sound
ing blows on head and body wore not suf
ficiently damaging to put Russell out. The
latter proved a surprise afUir. the .first
minute of boxing. lie had greatly Im
proved over the form he displayed with
Van Buskitk, but is yet far. from being a
proficient ' workman in the ring. He
■bowed himself clever at blocking, but a
mere novice at attack. His blows were
never effective, although he landed a
number of devt-r rights on the head.
The one quality in which he showed the
greatest development was in gamencss.
Kennedy rrpiied his left to the stomach
repeat doubling up his lanky oppo
nent, but the latter took his punishment
without wincing. His. mouth was badly
' cut and bled profusely, but this did net
teem to disconcert him. ■■.-..■ ,
The betting opened and closed with Ken
nedy favorite at odds of 10 to 3. In the
muiuelg the winning line ■>: K. :i!«iy p. tld
110 M for each dollar invested. The at
tenflanee was mall, it being considered a
foregone conclusion that Kennedy,, ...
boxer that he is, would virtually win in a
walk.
Before the men commenced nroceedingi
It wits announced that Charlie - In* "f
Watsonville challenged the timer to tight
for $.*■"'! a side before the club offering
the largest purse. -Charlie Sweeney at
once accepted the challenge on behalf of
Kennedy.
Jack O'Drlen. who' is to box Al Nelll
next week, wan Introduced. In response
to calls for* a speech he a^ked all to at
tend, paying he '.'would make It Interest
ing" — for whom he did not eaj^
Jim McDonald refereed the main fight
and lost no time sending the men to
gether. Kennedy was at once tin the ag
gressive, landing right and left on body
and repeating the trick before Russell
woke up. Russell seemed slow and awk
ward nd the crowd commenced to Jeer
him. He hung on In the clinches and
would not break away. The Jeering was
changed to cheering In a moment, when
Russell rushed his antagonist, landing
two left swings on the head and sending
Kennedy to the ropes. He landed a
number of swinging blows, but did little
damage.
Russell was the aggressor In the second
round, but Kennedy Boon stopped him
with some short-arm jolts on the body.
Each landed on the other's body and Rus
sell made a desperate swing, overstepping
his opponent. Kennedy went at him, but
mlssea. For a time It was give and take,
Russell landing on the body and then
ducking Into an uppercut. Kennedy fol
lowed this with a straight left on the
head n.i then tried for a knockout, but
failed.
Russell landed right and left on the
head in the third round. Kennedy replied
with a brace ot stiff ones on the body and
a left on the head. Russell stepped In,
landing a right on the body and getting
one in return.. Kennedy landed again on
face and body, both being resounding
blows. landed right and left on the
In the third round. Kennedy replied
h brace OX Miff ones on the body and
fi un thy head. Russell .- 1« pi»ed in,
tng a riKht on the body and getting
In return Kennedy lan<i«d agfiln on
and body, both being resounding
Russell was the first to try In the
fourth, landing lightly on the head. Ken
nedy sent his left to the body twice and
follow«*d with two stiff Jabs. Russell
chased Kennedy around the ring,. but his
Sallop was stopped with a left that
oubied him up like a Jack-knife.
Russell hung on to Kennedy in the sixth
while the latter peppered him with both
hands. on body and head. Russell took
Kennedy unawares, near the end of the
round and landed a terrific right on the
'head, but the damage was not In keeping
with its apparent force. In the beginning
of the seventh Kennedy landed right and
left and sent Russell to the floor. He was
up again inside of five seconds and landed
on Kennedy but withont effect. Kennedy
tired a trifle In the eighth, but had the
better of the argument throughout.
From the tenth round to the end Ken
»edy played for the body, and for the
greater part of the time was the aggres
sor. Once In a. while Russell rushed and
landed, but he never seemed to have Ken
nedy In serious difficulty. From the four
teenth.round Russell looked the picture of
dlstrosp. but was game to the end.
When ill' twenty rounds were up Ref
eree McDonald properly declared Ken-
Ti«r<l> the victor. Russell, through his
ptinVd llj>s. asked for a* return meeting.
The I«awlor-Mnxwcll i. iut wit declared
off Th« announcement. was made that
Lawlor'was.two pounds above the weight
at which the men had .agroeil? to meet
l.uwlcir was in the hall and In lieu of Max
well, "Doc" Flynn agreed to face him in
a Mx-round bout. It was on the border
lin« between boxln* and fighting through
out and a number of the blows werenny
thine but love taps. Flynn commenced
to tire after the third round; but was will
ing to mix matters until the end. ■ ••
Flynn was the first to land, swinginr
his left on Lawlor's head an« following
It with another on the body, the latter be
ing the most effective blow struck during
.he round. -. . ■. ,*-•;.
In the second round the two boxers
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1890.
Colonel J. M. J. Sanno of the Fourth In
fantry to he colonel of the Eighteenth In
fantry. The two vacancies in the list of
brlsmdler generals win be filled on the re
assembling of Congress by the promotion
and retirement of several officer* who
have dtstinyuished themselves In action
iin the recent war. . • . • •
It is popularly supposed that Generals
Mac Arthur. Wilson. I^ee, Wheeler, Hat.->,
Y"titi^. Ludlow and Wheaton, all of whom
i hold volunteer commands, are to-be made
brigadier general a in the regular army,
and that all but two of the number will
be immediately retired. General IdacAi
thur undoubtedly will bo retained In ac
tive service, but there is less certainty as
to the identity of the other general officers
to be retained. . ••"
The death of General J-awton left a va
cancy in the Hat of major £<*nerals o f
' volunteers, which will be rllleduy the p.ro- j
motion of either General Bates, General
Young or General Wh^nion. all of whom
are on duty in the Philippines. This ap
pointment will be made early next week.
LATEST CASUALTIES
IN AMERICAN ARMY
WASHINGTON. Dec. 27.— General Otis
at Manila sent to tha War Department
to-day the following list of casualties not
previously reported:
Killed In action, engagement near Banna,
December 11— Third cavalry. A, Harry Swelffer.
Charles W. Frazee; action <utalnst Romblon.
I'ar.ay, IX'cember 10. Eighteenth Infantry, C,
Charles J. Fo«ly.
Wounde«l— William J. Sheesy, hospital corps,
abdomen and head, slight; wounded and taken
I'riForer during attack on train near Angeles,
Peptsmber 22. escaped .hiring engagement near \
MbT.t;alaren. November J| In action near All- |
modnn, Panay. November 20— Twenty-sixth In
fentry. F. Thomas Russell, foot. Bllcht; 11.
Jchn Nade'au, thigh, severe; Tenth Infantry. ,
A. William Hicks, arm. severe; action La
Granjl. Samar, Decemter 7— Sixth Infantry, j
hi. IMy tun, M. Womac, buttock, slight; Reed
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1»9. by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Wednesday, December 27, 1890.—Fifty
seventh day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club.
Weather fine. Track fast.
JOS. A. MURPHY— Presiding Judxe. J. B. KEROUbON— Starter.
JOS. A. MURPHY-PresldinK Judjte.
532 illiST HACE— Five furlongs; maidens; two-year-olds and upward; purse. 8350.
~ ~ ~ 1 " : " ! ; I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Urn. m . m . Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. a.
808 Slsquoc 1 • 104 I ~ ~. Th Th~ iV Jenkln ! 4 7
604 Baul of Tarsus, 2..102 4 ... .:. 2 2 2W 1 4 J. Martin 8-5 11-5
4Ko Norford 2 ..; It,; 4 xl 8 f II ,E. Jones 8 »->
- • 7 H «Vk <'n Vittltoe A i
359 -Kin Id Hughes. 2.100 t> - i >,* 7tj 6V» ,1 Powell 15 40
490 La Amiga. it 102 10 314 1* 6 1 E. Ross 10 20
4S4..l*oconomo. 4 112 1 . ... ... v 8 1 7 2 Songer II 100
..'. Un CaJeau, 2 X 106 2 ... ... 6 1 6b 8 1 T. Bums 7 '7
605 Tom -i arkey, 2... .102 » ' 10 9 9V, Basslnger .... 8 SO
609 "Jew. «•.. .-...;.-.; 87 l' •■ i 10 10 1 Buchanan .... 16 40
... Beautiful bill. B...UVU ... ■ ... 11 11 112 C. Wilson 7 10
• 608 Bona. 3 97J12 ' ... „. n 12 12 13 T. Wa15h. .....| 11 li
• Time— H. :13; S. :3814; S. 1:01*. Winner. E. E. Edwards' eh. c. by imp. Brutus-The
Swayback. Good. start. Won first three driving. •- •
Martin. on Saul grew a *>i t gay the last part, which cost him the race. Norfora
showed marked Improvement." Nance Neil away poorly. Reginald Hughes ran well.
Beautiful BUI ridden the overland. ! '
Scratched— Caesar v . ung 100. Gold Finder 102. My Dear 117, Delecta 107.
1 Betting.
,op. a.
533 SECOND HACK— Oi>e mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
Index. Horse.. Ace. Weight St. V4m. V.m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl!
616 Don Luis 4 .......107 2.14 in 7% ... lT" E. Jones 7-2 6
*1. 1. ,»t «;irl, 8 lIJS 6 72 Ih » h ... 2ns H. nn.»sey .... 6 li
4') ' ?, ? many - 3 107 3 '3 h 4 « 1* ... 11 Vlttltoe 10 7
ra«?& n '.'n.4 107 8 9 1 8 1 7 1 ... (U I.Powell 5 li
461 O Connor. *. 100 12 8H »l 6 1 ... 6 1 T. Burn. 6 10
ttj Heartless, 3 is 5 6h 6 2 6V* ... IV» T. Walsh 7-2 4
4.- Wub», 3 104 1 2 1 21 SV, ... 7 1 Jenkins ( >
61S Ited Pirate. 3.... 107 ; 4 6h oh 41 ... 12 Songer 8 7-1
41-6 Correct. 3 ..98 13 14 14 10 I ... 9tf C. Wilson 10 ii
"H An , ohored> 3 9h 10 U! 13 3 11 ... 10 3 Postel 10 IS
MS Sylvan Lam. 1.. ... .105| 7 4 1 7h »H ... lit Romero 15 SO
610 lndra. a Hull 111 12 h 13 ... 12 4 Klley 15 30
3»4 Adam Andrew, 6... U0| » 11 h Uh 12 ... 13 i Walnwrtght - 20 75
. /•• -N :•• Such. 4 H7114 10 v, 10 1 ' 14 ... ' 14 DlngUy ....'. 25 200
• Tim.— :25; V*. :it>\*.: : J*. 1:15%: mile, 1:414. Winner, C. Spooner's eh. g. by Imp. Mld-
lothlan-Alauieda. I* air »tart Won easily. Second and third driving. ' ■•■-/■*.
Winner nicely handled and lucky throughout. Lost Girl ran kindly. A bit too far for
Romany. Heartless pocketed through stretch. Songer went through his usual hula hula
performance on Pirate. During a long delay nt post Don Luis was without a rider, which
may have helped his chances.
Scratched— ToTsida no. inverary II 10.7, Tirade 107, Poorlands SS.
534 TamD RACE-One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. »400.
Index. Hone. Age. Weight. ,6t. Mm. !im. Km. Btr. Fin. | Jockeys. Op. Cl!
510 Stuttgart, 3 106,3 316 5 SI 11 Conley M Ti
(4tT)WhaJ.back % * '-•• 11.l 2V. 4 lVfc 4 8 In 2 1 Spencer .....i 1 4
433 El Kstro. 3 109 I IS 11 1.1 14 84 Jenkins 6-3 5-2
£24 Senora Caesar. 3...104; 5 4Vt 2h2h 41 46 T. Hums 6 »•%
4i>u Terrene. 3 109 4 6 3h3h6 6 Helnson 13 15
~. Tlme-V :*J4; H. -M; *. 1:16; mile. l:4lVi. Winner. B. Schrelber's b. g. by ~BaJgow«uj-
Ohlo Belle. Good start. Won first three driving.
Stuttgart galloped to the stretch. Spencer was late In getting out of a pocket. Estro
ran with her ears pricked for seven furlongs. Ten-en* showed some speed.
■ — ; — i ~- > ■■:•
535* KoUIITH RACE— On» mile nd a quarter; selling handicap; three-year-olds and
ilds and
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. %m. Vim. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op." lCl!l Cl!
611 Faunette, 5 lOSf 6 10 1 4^4 I h ' ... Ins Vlttltoo i Til
440 Tempo. 4 93 13 ill 5(2 41 ... 12 ;* Stuart. 10 13
44 Glengaber. 3 SO 4 2 2 1 4 11 ... 3 i Ranch 10 1
61« Alicia. 8 100,1 8h b 4 6 1 ... 41 J Martin. i 1
615 Marplot. 4 80 6 1H 2 1 2% ... 6H J Woods" I-*'IO
4k!) Owyhee^ 3 104 4 -7H ■9 1 ■ 7 Vfc ... «1 Helnson ■ I S
4»5 Judge Wofford. .101 '• 4 1 3 1 SV» 7H l" Burns' lii is
174 Fortls. 3 104 8 13 12 10 H 8 ... 8 2 Jenkins \ 1
499 Btromo. 3 96,9 6 1 7V* i ... Sn iFaunu'roy" 10 15
610 Ramlet. 3 100 4 10 91 111 10 . ... 10 h I Powell 15 15
::f Twinkle Twlnk. 6.. 95.11 &4 6 1 n ... X 2 Baislneer 60 60
615 Ulm. 3 95 12 112 12 15 12 ... 12 12 T Walsh """ 8 II
H5 Tom Calvert. 4..... i>o) 7 13 13 -13 ... 13 Phelai^ V J 15
w I} m £r*' i" : 14. '%' \. l:1«4J mile. 1:41H; lVm. 2:08^4. Wfnner. W. J. Spiers" b m.
by Plr Dlxon-Fauna. Good start. Won first three driving oyirm d. m.
Temper almost left, ran a wonderful race. Faunette best ridden. Marplot • liked the
weight. Too fast for Owyhee. Ulm ran badly. ■
Scratched— Billy McCloskey 100, Dr.. Mark » 110. Ledaea 90.
I 6-2
10 13
10 7
8 *7
7 80
-•I 111
,v-.l;^lS
10 16
1; 16
60 60
. 8 II
d 16
Betting,
op. OL
rs' b. m.
ked the
536» FIFTH RACK ne mile; free handicap; two-year-olds; purw. *500.
Index. Hone. Weight. St. «ra. Urn. : %m. Str. Fin. Jookeyi
1
Jockeys.'
I Betting.
Op. 3.
1 - • *
EA r . Flamora ...... 103 411 11 11 iv lUT Wal»h 4 1
617 Erwln 106 3 4 1 2H 2n 2 1 32 • Jenkins iis i
<M 7) Advance Guard 115: 1 3* 3 £ 4* 3*4 3 3 Seer «u'f
511 Rlxrord SO 6 6 « 5 5 4 v 45 Ranch M io
617 Princess Zelka ....1M 5 6 4 55 3151 111 Thorn* " *11 2
Hindoo Princess.... 94 6 2% 4^ , I 1 |" BuehanVn' i!:; ll 20
Time— %.; :«5: H. :50; V 1:15; mile. 1:39 H. Winner. E. W. Purser" « eh. f. by Flambeau"-
Fannie Lewis. Good start. Won first three driving ■ • ' , " 11UMU
Winner Interfered with others on first turn. Princess forln B wont. Erwln had no ex-
cuays . Guard ran a .well race. Princess will run better If not hustled too much OntpaYt.
53T« SIXTH RACE - furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; puree.' 345. '
Index.* Hor~. Weight. St. Km. Hm. % m ptr. Fin. | Jockeys. 'op" 1 "!
tW Ail«nna 9S 4 tH in in i~H 1 1 J Martin 4 7~»
4M Kunello »g 7 34 31 J! 8 1 22 H PUmrt 3 \
Hi Mont Easle. 103 3 C' 461 SI, /"L 34 " Walsh • I R 5
621 I* B. McWnlrter...Ms 1 6 1 4 1 1-6 1 JL I Pow'll « i?'l
Ml Expedient Ktt • 4H 6 2 6n W 1 BuoteMn 10 il
Ml OUMUdo 106 1 12-11 22 2n 6 6 "on*?? ' 15 '*n -•
HI My Oyp»y 100 5- ft •• 7 1 74 74 78 T Burns' 3 'as" '
ttj Jolly Briton 103 8- 7 2 8. g ■■»■ » ' Vl^ltf?!""" 'j' 30 *
4i. Tlm £- I V\ J3: >W? 8: S> ?, :oJ *i, T4 ' I*"4 w 'nncr. Carruthers & Shl.lds' b. f. by Tenny-
Allcp. flood ptart. Won easily. •• Second and third drlvln- y
A Henna warnv>d up well and ru ready money. Stuart on Sunello would do better on
lft&l^^X^.' tßrt - EXP^' em . »-^ / .hand.ed. ■ G.l^^puK
Scratched- Pr*st< me 106. Dunblane 108. . • . fSm
showed a great variety of blows, the
majority of which were smothered. They
.were hitting chiefly with open gloves, for
which v the. spectators hissed them. Both
men seemed winded and slowed down in
the third round. After this Flynn "tired
M, Keeney, shoulder. slight: attack on Glal-
Karan. Samar, December B— Sixth Infantry.
Raymond D. Burbee thigh, slight: William
Huggard. both wrlfts. sllBht; advance on
Blbul. December 10— Fourth Cavalry. H. Lor
•nao A. Declalrrnont, corporal, cheat, mod
erate; H. Wlnthrop Richardson, corporal,
thigh, severe; action Ivo. December 15 — Twen
ty-ninth Infantry E. Glsh Wade. leg. slight;
action near Tarlac. December 10— Twenty-fifth
Infantry. H. Burt McCoy, corporal, thigh,
severe.
OTIS ATTEMPTING TO
CHECK CORRUPTION
WASHINGTON, Dec. -The adjutant
general has received a copy of an order
recently issued by General Otis, aiming
at the suppression of bribery, which, it
is reported, has been extensively practiced
in the Philippines. General Otis says the
persistence oi these reports, touching both
the military and civil service in the isl
ands, has forced, him to the conclusion
that there may be some foundation for
the general charge. He cautions all com
manding officers, heads' of departments
and others in authority to probe, to the
bottom any such reports that may reach
them, and announces that all offenses of
this order will be suppressed with a
utronif . hand. ;.•••>
OTIS AUTHORIZES
CIVIL MARRIAGES
WASHINGTON. Di e. 27.— General Otis
hai i^ut'l a decree authorizing the cele
bration of iivH marriages in the l-'hilip
plnes. H» cabled Sccrx-Tary Root to tliat
eiT<-ct to day and th»- .- retai promptly
ihe action. Heretofore nmr
\\ re rplebrated by the l."at4kollc
church and ['rot.-^tants and n»n-('l;ri.-
prohlblted from marrying. The
does not Interfere with the ('ath
oHcs, who may be married according to
!h<-ir own i<tes, but extends the privilege
<»f . jvil lnnrr'.age «.o those who <ies ; ro It.
Juat M i» practiced in the I'nited States.
Transports Reach Manila.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27— General Otis
has notified the War Department of the
arrival at Manila of the transports Duke
of Fife and St. Paul, carrying the Thirty
eighth Volunteer Infantry, Colonel George
Sanderson, which left San Francisco on
November 21. and the transports Ohio and
Inil::ina, carrying the Fortieth Volunteer
Iniantry, ColonelE. T. C. Richmond com
manding, which left San Francisco oir
November 24. The Thlrty-eiphth In
fantry was organized at Jefferson Bar
racks, and the Fortieth Infantry at Fort
Kilty, Kansas. General Otis reports that
there were no casualties In either regi- I
ment on the voyage.
Repatriation of Spaniards.
MADRID. Dec. 27.-The Premier. Senor '
Sllvela, formally announced at to-day's
pession of the Cabinet council that he had j
had an Interview with the United State* j
Minister. Bellamy Storer, who had In- j
farmed him that the I'nlted States Gov
eminent would undertake repatriation of
the families of the Spanish prisoners la
the Philippines.
! badly and Lawior had a decided lead. In
the fifth. In a hot mlx-up. Lawl.>r sub
talned a cut mouth which bled freely In
the last round Flynn nu plainly In dlffl
! culty. but lasted to the end. Refere*
i Jimmy Murphy declared It a draw.
NORTHtHN LIGHT LOADtD WITH HAY FOR HONOLULU
Fodder Is so scarce In Hawaii that $43 a ton la being offered for hay. The
regular vessels plying between here and the islands cannot carry enough of the
feed to supply the demand, and in consequence every vessel that can be pro
cured Is being loaded and rfent down. The Northern Light has been taken out
of the lumber trade in order to carry hay. It will be piled up ten feet high
on her deck, and it will be housed In, in order to save it from the salt water.
FOUR STAKES
TO BE RUN
THIS WEEK
Big Holiday Programme of
Sport at Union Coursing
Park.
Four stakes are on the card at Union
Park for this week with a total of $1393 II
prize money. The puppy stake will pay
$60 for first. $30 for second, $20 for third,
next three $12 50 each, next six $7 50 each
and next twelve at $5. The reserve stake
will pay $75 for first. $40 for second, next
two $25 each, next four $17 50 each, next
eight $10 each and next sixteen $5 each.
The class reserve. $75 for first, $G0 for sec
ond, next two $30 each, . next four $15
each and next eight $10 each. The cham
pion stake, $150 for first. $80 for second,
$40 for third,, nest three $20 each and next
six $10 each. The reserve stake will be
run down once and puppy stake twice on
Saturday, both stakes to be finished on
Monday. On Sunday the class stake and
class reserve stake will ue run. The
draw resulted as follows:
Class reserve stake, thirty-two dogs —J. P.
Thrift's St. Michael vi. D J. Healey's Maori
Land; It E. de B. Lopes' s Sara vs. U. R. Tay
lor' (names) Beauty Spot; A. Johns >n'« Tod
Sloan. vs. J. H. Perl go's Controller; Maher &
Reld'a.Bad Boy vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's IV
plta; George Sharman'a (name*) . Miss Sky
rocket vs. Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured: Curtis
& Bon's Vanity Fair vs. F. A. McComb's
Motto; Curtis A Son's Commodore vs. Mailer A
Reid's Uncle Fuller; J. H. Harrison's Hot
Haste vs. J. McEnroe's Mafic Circle; 11.
Lynch's Mystic Maid vs. James Sheridan's For
est King; Kay A Tram's Hawker vs. Kay A
rant's Dudley Diamond; E. &. R. Scott's
Lord Byron vs. H. H. Lynch s Lottie M.; Ed
Wilson s (names) Magnesia vs. Ed L'vatt's
Hurricane; J. P. Thrifts Forget vs. Sterl &
Knowles' O'Hara; Curtlo A Son's McKlnley vs.
R. E. de B. Lcpes's Carmenclta; T. Harring
ton* (names) Merer May vs. E. Baumelster's
Warrior; J. J. O'Briens Statesman vs. Gus
Abercromble's Rock Island King.
Reserve stake, sixty-four dogs— M. B. Kav
at.a*hs Swedish vs. Karl ' U Lyons' Silver
Wing; A. Van der White's Cymro vs. W.
Healey's Skylight; J. P. Thrifts Forgive vs.
J. L O'Brien's Wandering Tom; J. H. Pengu's
Lady Davenport vs. R. E. de B. Lopes' s Mln
uewawa; W. Cramer's Jesse Moore vs. O. J.
Olsen's Sunburst. J. Kennedy's Wine West vs.
J. McEnroe's Nor"west; L. Austin s Firm Foe
vs. W. Cramer's Report; W. H. Jones' Rustan
vs. J. L. Ross' Jessica; Maher A Heed's Nellie
Hawn vs. J. Btrahl's Jlmmle Cork; S. Wig
gins' (names) The Prince vs. George Lahusen's
Wheel of Fortune; W. H. Jones' Lady Marian
vs. F. A. McComb's Little Joker; Maher. A
Reed's Srngleton vs. J. Kennedy's Ever Shore;
A. J. Kemp's Signal vs. W. Kahn's Imperial;
J. M. Halton's (names) Briar Root vs. W H.
Lord's Revolver; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle vs.
J. Collins' Matchless; Pasha Kennel*' Run
Amuck vs. Sterl A Knowles' Frosty Morn; J.
Strahl's Skylark vs. E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha;
I. F. Halton'a Tic Tac vs. J. D. Card well's
Thornhtll Comet; Pasha Kennels' Reannex vs.
Larkey A Rock's Minerva; Maher A Reed's
(names) Onward • vs. H. Lynch's Loiterer; J.
mane's Wild wood vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's
Wonder; Bane! Bros.' Beer Brewer vs. George
Burfelnd's Pastime; Irwln A Lyons' Silver
Lyon vs. M. Mlchallk's Glenroy; J. Kennedy's
Night Time vs. A Van der White's Master
Gordon; Pasha Kennels' Silvia vs.- 8. E. Por
tals' Laurel wood- J. Llnehan's (names) Rosa
leen Vs. J. H. Perlgo's Pretty Girl; Bartel
Bros." Border's Best vs. Captain Erratt's Haze)
Dj I'aeha Kennels' May Hts(ii|<9teucl vs. F. A.
McComb's One Spot; James Sheridan's Forest
Queen vs. E. Baumelster's Winning Ways.
Csptaln Kane's Greenhall vs. R. E. de B.
Lcpes's Wanda; W. H. Jones' Prince Jerome
vs. M X Kavanagh's Hard Lines; J. Keenan's
Royal Oak vs. H. Lynch's Lexington.
Puppy stake. IS dogs-Joe Watkins' Merciless
vs. Jeff Martlnett's Sally Brass: W. Barry's
(names) Bella Mack vs. J. I. O'Brien Good
Time;' Jeff Martlnett's Bill Foster vs. J. Flow
er's Keystone; Jeff Martinet's Bernal Chief
v«. J. Neary's St. Andrew; P. Doyle's Wild
Monarch vi. J. Mlnern's Minnie B. J. Strahl's
Three Cheeni vs, J. Kernan's Bowery Boy; S.
E. Portal's Sophie vs. P. MeCralg s Craig Boy.
J. Hurley's (names) Richmond Crest vs. Ca
v«ney A Joy's .Juliette; A J. Kemp's Remem
ber Me vs. F. A. McComb's Storm Kin*- F.
A. McComb's Judge Wallace vs.. R. E. de B.
Lopez's McGregor; George I«hu«>ens Firefly
vs. George Buehn's Aloah; George Buehn's
Monofrram vs. D. J. H«eJey's Nicasslo; Joe
WatklnV Merciful vs. J. Hunter's Brom Bones;
Pasha Kennels' Run Ashore vs. Land & Ger
ter's Concord; J. Flower's Edna R. vs. C. L
Appleby's Little Sister: J. J. Edmond'a Go On
vs. J. Williams' California; George Ptnto's
Mischief vs. Jfft Martlnett's Bernal Bpy; Con
nell Brothers' Ore*n Isle vs. B. Woods' (names)
Her Highness; Connell Brothers' Clover vs.
• 'r^ort;.- Plnto'n Glad Hand: J. McOrath's FtH
Rose vh. Connell Brothers' Good -by. Joe Smith's
(names) Master Workman vs. Land A Gerber*s
Rlenzl: Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne vs. J. p.
Farley's i names) Patriot; P. McCabe's Boney
Hoy vs. E. H. Farmer* Moonstone; Aen^ld
Kennels' Athena vs. R. E. de H. Lopez's Diablo.
Champion stake, twentj-f.>tir dogs— Curtis it
Son's Luxor «*. Sterl & Knowlrs' Rusty Gold*
T. J. Cronlh'a Wild Tral<-.- vs. F. A. McComb's
Royal Flush: W. Cramer*"* (namea) Delta M va
J. .P. Thrift's Brutus: I'&aha Kennels' Rollick
ing Alri: vs. D. '.!. Healey'a La.ly Claire: R E
•I-- M. Liner's Whltehead vs. George Whitney's
Theron; T. J. Cronin'a ThornhUl \*a. Curtis A
Son's Beacon; R. L. Taylor's (namen) Muse va
Rurrell. Allen A Wilson's Lady Emma* Ruk.
s#>ll. Allen A Wilson's Chicago Boy vs. Sterl &
Knowlea' .Sleety MUt; Pasha Kennels' Kmln
Pasha vs. H. F. Anderson's Crawford Lad'
Gus Abercromble's Victor King v«. Pasha KVri
nels' Firm Friend: Curtis ft fT on g Cavalier va
J. J. Edmonds Morning Glory; J. Bhow'a
Lucky Doc vs. Curtis & Son's Cash.
FLAMORA
COVERED A
FAST MILE
Lowered the Colors of Erwin
and Advance Guard
in J:39 3-4.
In one of the grandest contested two
year-old struggles witnessed this season
at Oakland track, Flamora, the smooth
going daughter of Flambeau and Fannie
Lewis, defeated Erwln and Advance
Guard over a mile, covering the distance
In 1:39\, equaling the world's record for
two-year-cUijj, but recently made by Ad
vance Guard. The latter colt shouldered
but 93 pounds when he set the mark,
while in y^ rjce, Flamora carried
I'J3. Trainer "BlU 11 Murry advised his
frienda to have a bet on the tllly, and
they got about 4 and sto 1. Princess
Ziika ru.. ii f.ivurlte, with Advance (Juard
allcted top weight by the handlcapper, 115
iMJundb, a stanch second choice. At the
breakaway from the post. "Tad 1 " Walsh
cut into the lead at the turn, and was
never headed. Erwln, the contender
throughout, fell short by half a length at
the wire, with Advance Guard a scant
two lengths away. The favorite seeou 1
to get all tangled up after being cut oj
on the first turn, nniahlng nfth, behind
Rixford.
The lields in nearly every instance were
large, and a mishap at the start was liable
to ruin a horse s chance of scoring The
winners were: buyuue 7 to 1, L>on Luis S
to 1, Stuttgart h to 5. Faunette 6 to a
Flamora 4 to 1 and Allenna 7 to 2. Stutt
gart and Faunette were favorite* in the
birlting.
Away well In the opening scramble for
maiden two-year-olds, the first choice
Shul of TarbUb, looked ail over a winner
iimll a hundred yards from the wire
where Jenkins on Simiuoc came, with i
rush, gettinp the decision by a neck Nor
ford from the Baldwin stable ran third
A big field of fourteen platen started in
the mile run following, with R*d Plrute
closing a slight favorite over Heartless
and l>on Luis. Meeting with excellent
racing luck, Eddie Jonen, on the last
named starter, got home first, a lencth
before Lost Girl, against which 15 to 1
was laid. Romany, played irom 15 to 7
took the show. 4>
••Longshot" Conley landed the second
mile bhlllhk affair with Barney .
ber's Stuttgart. Last Into the stretch th'«
Balgowiin gelding forged to the front
downing Whaleback a length. El Estro
was third.
Faunette, from the stable of W J
Spiers, took the mile and a quarter run
from a big field of twelve, covering t!i#
route in ZMhi, dangerously close to t^e
coast record. The mare was favorite and
In a long drive nosed out Tempo, a 15 to
1 shot. Olengaber was third
The final seven-furlong event resulted
In an easy victory for Ailenna, ridden by
Jack Martin. Four to one was laid
against the mar*, and with considerate
In reserve Bhe led Bunello over the linn
Track Notei.
Jack Follansbee. well known In Eastern
turf circles, was a spectator of the rac
ing.
In future the entries of Anchored and
Indra will be refused at Oakland Both
are bad actors at tho post.
Owner W. J. Spiers was compelled to.
stand a "bfiOFt" after Faunette had won
The owner of Tempo bid the mare up %+ M
over her entered selling price of $200
Tempo was quietly backed at odds' of
IS to 1, and with a rider up and any sort
of luck, would have won easily. The
chestnut horse was almost left at the post
and then lost only by a noso.
I YOU HAVE DYSPEPSIA! ]
O rti*!&S**imif£j ,, That Is wh ** mm * k " you 'feel so badly 1
& f^-t^ii'Jy^jf dlatr *' S! " (1 aft " eatlnjc. what causes your ?
9 G^ITrVM weak * yM and th " s " « loom y »•■ ir o
•:• ■■•^^>^ r yMi need* ton«n« up. It I. not able
I l^g^ffl^Jß DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S METHOD. I
V/ / n#i "^TtSIH r / V " rf " rt '* < ' ™>' method of rr.<torln^ rt
S// .if R/' fhe bod >' by flllln * them »i lh Elflctrtclty 5
6 . r^^^^fl^^^VV/ andean asMlur quick relief and cureTf all >
± tf v - V ~^^ surh troubles. You wear my ElectrlcDclt
¥•' .' , . - — -~ while you sleep. Call and »cc It or let me a
g • Bend you «ny book about It. free. Address ?
I Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, sgggVWatSi |
COAL FAMINE
PREVAILS ON
WATERFRONT
Teamsters in Line for
Ten Days.
ANOTHER FUEL SHIP ON FIRE
HENRY B. HYDE REACHES VAL
PARAISO IN DISTRESS.
There has never been such a scramble
for coal on the water front M there Is
at the present time. The Wellington,
Iloslyn. Southtleld* and other fuels which
are most In demand cannot be procured
for love or money, and In consequence
there, Is almost a famine among the re
tailers. Some of the teamsters have been
in line for ten days awaiting a chance to
pet a load, and In consequence there h.T»
been quite a number of disturbances, ami
live policemen .re constantly 01. the Lv.it
to k».p the peace.
The ship Louis Walsh, arrived Tuesday
night with -!"" tons of Itoslyn coal, and
yesterday afternoon there was not un
ounce of It left. The steamer Wellington
arrived yesterday with £30 tofts of Wel
lington coal, and last night the compuny
announced that there waa none of th<»
cargo left. At that time there wero
enough wagons In line walling for a. load
to carry away COCO tons. All of these will
have to remain on the spot until the next
steamer gets In or else they will lo«o
their places and chances of getting un
early load. Charles 11. Allen has had no
Buuthfleld Wellington to give dealers since
last October, but he has now a chance to
get some of it Into the market again, and
that will relieve the situation somewhat.
A few more steam colliers have, been se
cured for the trade, and as soon as they
can make one or two trips the famine
will be over. At the present time, how
ever, coal is the scarcest thing on the
water front. : •
Norfolk, Va., coal does not seem to be
a very safe cargo. Tuesday the ship
Kennebec caught tire while discharging at
Mare Island, while yesterday the Mer
chants' Exchange received word that the
Henry B. Hyde put Into Valparaiso with
her cargo on fire. Both vessels have Nor
folk coal aboard. The owners of the Ken
nebec did not like the cargo, and 15 per
cent reinsurance was paid on her before
she reached this port. The Hyde Is one
of the fleet purchased by the California
Shipping Company from Flint it Co.. and
her new owners were expecting her to
reach Honolulu early next monthr Cap
tain McLeod was to nave left for the Isl
ands on the Marlposa to take charge of
the vessel, but when the news cam thnt
she had put into Valparaiso in distress ha
decided to remain In San Francisco for
another month. The chances are that the
Hyde will have to discharge her cargo,
and in that event it will be a couple of
months before she reaches Honolulu.
The Brltibh ship King Geor#s has ar
rived at Antwerp after a very rough tun-*
on the way. When off the Horn she was
caught in some heavy weather and con
siderably damaged. She left here on Au
gust 7 >ast with €3.023 rentals of barley
valued at $63,000. and 17.257 centals of rye
valued at 115.600.
A fleet of transports arrived at Manila
yesterday. The Duke of Fife and St.
Paul which left here November 21; th«
Indiana, which sailed two days later, and
the Ohio, which sailed November "\. all
got In at th« same time. Thia will give
Otis two more regiments with which to
follow up the Filipinos.
The transport Sheridan Is going to Se
attle to load as soon as »he Is coaled and
the Valencia, which arrived from Manila
a few days ago. may go back with com
missariat stores. The Aztec went to
Harrison street wharf yesterday to take
on her load of horses. She will probably
sail Saturday.
Patrick Quinn. a laborer, was seriously
Injured .while working on the Dow build
ing, now In course of erection at First
and Natoma streets. A -plank fell from
th« second story and the sharp point
struck him on the head. At the Harbor
Hospital Drs. Robinson and Davis .lid
what they could for him. but Dr. H?lnta
told them not to perform an operation
until he came. down. This was about 11
a. m. and at 1:30 p. m Heintz had not
put in an appearance, so the friends <■?
the injured man Insisted upon taking him
to St. Mary's Hospital. Dr. Robinson is
of the opinion that Qulan's skull was
fractured.
■ The Harbor Commissioners held a short
session yesterday and let a contra far
building a new storehouse for the Somh
ern Pacific to William F. News-. for
SS99. The old storehouse now used by the
company Is to be torn down to make
room for the postofflce.
The scow schooner PAR No. 8 Is to
be sold to pay her debts. Albert R. .Marks,
the captain and owner, has been un
able to make both ends meet for some
time past, so Gray Bros., who* hold a
mortgage on the vessel, are going to sell
her at auction on January. 9.
The mall steamer Marlposa got away
for Hawaii. Samoa and Australia • last
night. She carried a large passenger list
for this time of the year and a full cargo.
# • ♦ ♦ ♦-♦-♦-♦-♦-e-»-e-»-e-+~»-0
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Bl* furlong*; maiden two-year
olds; purs*:
"X Artilleryman ...US 133 Tom Bhark«r... 11.
COS Caesar Y0ung.. ..110 '.. * Hilly Moor* 11>
COS Cold Finder 11 120 Firelight 1! 157
CCS Hlpponax ... 113 £77 Bplke 107
... RedwaM 11* ."- lieaatlful Blll...U»
. 430 Calnun 107 til Kavorlto ...19T
lUJlattl* Fox 107 424 Coming Event. .lo7
Second race— Futurity course; thr»*-year-«lds
and uoward: selling:
E23 Good Hop* I'M 51] Monrovia .......109
433 Isabella 109 3M Fhellao 1">
E:« Braw t.««» 109 (43«)Jlngl» J'.r.g'.-.. .AH
... Homestak* 109 j 5l» San Mateo 113
810 Honda 1M 4..: Ft Apollinarts..l'M
El! Roi&lbra. ... 113 C3l Faille Ooodwtn..l^>
C3O Katie Gibbons.. .lo4 , t:o Panamint IN
43S Major Cook 100 1
Third race— Five furlongs: tw»-y«sr-o!da;
selling: '•-•■ ••
527 Gusto 10« IIV Qusala Par VI
Ml The Scot ins 4M Zfika 108
E!l Bamboulla Ml &0« Southern Girl.. .lo*
Fourth rac«— One and an eighth n>ll*s; •«::-
Ing: three-year-olds and upward:
514 Topmast 110; «J9 Mortnal lot
410 Roslnante 1011 51« Potent* 17
Fifth race— Ona mile; thr««-y(&r-olds and up
ward; purse:
(4s4)Ttoiem&ker 110 (S24)noaormond* ....107
624 Lothian : M 511 Poorlands M
Blxth race— Seven furlongs; two-year-olds and
upward; free handicap:
• J23 Yellow Tall 10S (4^o) Ringmaster M
.':■■> Ollnthus lot •!•; Grand Bach*a.. M
in Han Venado .... »4 £34 Onculatlon M
481 Marcato ..1W .JB The Fr*tt*r M
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Hlpponax, Artilleryman, Beauti
ful BUI.
. Second race— Panamlnt. Katl* Gibbons. Mon
rovia.
Third Gussie Fay. Ousto. Southern Olrl.
Fourth. rac«— Reslnante. Topmast. Morlnel
FlfUi rac*— Roaormonda. Tinw maker. Loth-.
Sixth race— To* Fretter. Marcato, OscuUtlon.LODGE MASONS
ASSUME THEIR
NEW STATIONS
Three Installations in
the Temple.
RICH JEWELS ARE PRESENTED
VISITS BY GRAND MASTEK AND
GRAND MARSHAL.
Suppers, Muflc. Soner and Oratory
Are Served at the Close of
the Very Impressive
Ceremonies.
California Lodre No. I, the first Ma
sonic lodge of the Stale, at Its communi
cation last night In King Solomon 1 I Hall.
Masonic Temple. Installed the following
officers, v: will serve for the current
Masonic year:
Henry P. Umbeen. wenhipful muter; Walter
A. Scctt. »enlor warden; Charles II Plum, Jun
ior warden: Herman F. Muller, treasurer;
Franklin 11. D&>\ reeretary; John Noonen.
trurtee; Hecry M. Orker.e. senior deacon; J. K.
Altkea. Junior deacon: It H. Wlleoi. tnarthal;
William Crocker and William C. HaMlftr. stew
arc*; Samuel D. Mayer. orsanUt; Otorre I*.
Aflarr.l. tyl«r. Pan Master Georro ifr.lcht
White »aa the lnstAlltn* offlcer, astlated by
Robert McMillan aa marthal of ceremonl'*.
the ceremonials
nan, J
h y
-
■
1
-
ray, H. w
After :h^ proclamallon of Installation
there was tho presentation of: a past mas
ter's Jewel to Gcorg-e Knlffht Whlto, the
retirtnjf master. ftJier which Franklin H.
Day was uilled to mak* him an additl..n
aJ present on behalf of the lodge. Thla
was a ca*d of Rllver tabla service.
Th« r. ■:-!■- for tho ceremony wa* fur
nished by tho California quartet— Samuel
D. Mayer. J. F. Flemlr.R. J. K. Ogilvie and
J. R. Jones. Then followed supper In the
commandcry hall, which van enjoyed by
about 230 members and gruopti*. Fast Mjs
it White was the toaj-tmaster and tho
following was the programme:
Prayer. P.*v. W. E. Smith; !tr«a. "Call
fornia l^ic." Her.rr P. rmb*en. XV M •
cuartet, "Th* Anlllertita" Oath." Oaitfcrnla
I»4re eho'.r: a<sare»i. ••Or&nd Jxxlge of Cali
fornia." Charles I A Patten. M. W., irran<l tna*.
ter; adat^en. •Liberty and VTOfrrtra." SamuM
M. Shortri«!«r»; Borjr. "Th» Holy City." J. K.
nfatns; addrefs. "Th* Mart-h of the Y".*K "
OharW n. Murj-fcy: »on(r. ••Star-apanicled Ban
ner." Samuel D. Mayer. O. O • aj!Jre»» "Ye
Olden Ta*"!.- Ge<>rc<» T. Bron-Jey. P. M. .
nonr. "W> May n» Harry Tet." J. R. Ok11v1*»;
adilr^sa. ••Masf»nrj'." J"hn R. Altken: a^dresa.
"Si«»»r I»<lcf»." ;..;-■•.. L. S,Mon:onß: music.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
!
""^jS^B o d i c y^kr
|^^X ARE. T£MPLE5^n^^J
Li«wrti:i.ini.rt...u.< s'^-;^,.mT'.;-., 'j~ j n>y;rjitVgit
E£f^ You believe that (a£S3|
P3P statement. But you C^*T^
Pfly 1 only realize in part the
Eah# obligations implied by
["PfT it. Do you keep that temple f' ', ;
IIU of the body clean? If not, the [j j
jl defilement attaches to every [f I
4 ! service of the temple. Di«- , |[|
tji , ease of the stomach and other  : I
!■ I') organs of digestion and nutri- ( pi
. tion, affects the mind as well : I
i Mas the body. The dull mind '•
I stnpified by poisonov passes, •
] ( enters on its service without j,j U4
J desire, and aecomplis!»es it j
' without delight. A healthy i 11l
ii ■ ; body and a clear mii:d result j I j
i |j| from the use of I)r. Pierces '
!| 1 Golden Medical Discovery. ■I j
;' It remores the clogging and J j
: !lij : poisonous impurities from the ji I
!} iL', stomach, stimulates the flow 1 1 ; •
j 'j I of the juices necessary to (| ' I
!!|; digestion and increases the i|{
!;j blood supply in quality and fjj
jj!|. cjunntity. The "Discover}-" !i
444. is strictly a temperance inedi- jj
IJiii cine and contains no alcohol I J
jjjjjj' or whisky, neither opium, [[[
SjH cocaine, nor other narcotic. I ijj }!i
I V "I had !rufTered from mdi- j
ft V cestion and only those who >' . 1
I I hjre Kuf?ered ■'-00 it know I \
whnt it really is," writes Mrs.
M. J Pr.pan. of xtlj Cast Cenesee Street,
Syracuse. N. V. "I rial had severe attacks
cf headache and dirxiarss ■-.th cold hand*
ai:d teet ; everything I ate distressed me,
howeU were cons.ti^ated and I was prowia j
very thin and nervouV I cannot half ex-
pr»"«< the bad ff-elircs I had when I co:a-
isenced takicg Dr. Pierce* •olden Medical
Discovery. I took nine bottle* of the * pis-
emery* I commenced feeling better with
th» fcfrt bott'.e and fcept on i»pro%-inc. Now
I am n jrreatly improved in health ray
friend* ofiea upealt of it."
I Keep yozsrsQlvos up to i
concert pkeh by taking •
BEECHAff SPILLS!
110 cetta and 2S cents, at all dmf itsrea. |
♦O*O*O* ©♦©♦© ♦ ©♦©♦©♦©♦O*-O*
♦ _„_ «A«B * i
in m m j " mi,!, -■■ i
I iTiiTiniiri X
♦ B IS A ♦
♦ H Natural Mineral Water •
c o
• /Tr^* known for centuries and 4
C [i%£ik importril O
♦ SSel ONLY IN BOTTLES - ♦
* jPS&ii For Disordered Sumach ♦
at; Indigestion °
0 Pr/" *-• Its • lue has been testi- O
1 SS&SSM fied to *" y **™>us«n(ls. ♦
♦ VICHY So^alled Vichy in Sy- °
phons I
* W§i!m IS NOT VICHY - ♦
4 '^r^% Get tho Genuine. $
O J^^SirfSsi Your phj-fielan O
♦ 3|fr' 4 ?*rf£ *'" recornmf-rd It. ♦
V sfW«7g A - TT6WICR Dlitrlbati^B krtz'. °
♦ ©♦c^o^o^-o-^-o-^o-^o^o^o*-©-*-©*
COKE! COKE!
P. A MCDONALD.
Whcleralr Denier and Shipper of Cc*«.
OFFICE Hi I OLSOM ST. |
COMMERCIAL KNIGHTS OF THE ROAD
WHOOP UP THEIR ANNUAL SESSION
Some Iravelers and Others Who Took Leading Parts in the Proceedings.
THE annual session of the Pacific Coast Commercial
Travelers' Association took place yesterday In Native
Sons* Hall. It was a lively affair from the start to
the finish. There was a Ftrongr fight over an amend
ment to change the monthly dues. This being disposed of.
then the travelers turned their attention to providing for
themselves a club In which they can receive their friends,
and this new Institution will soon come Into existence.
Then there was a hot discussion on the subject of having
the officers of the association elected from the floor, in
stead of by the directors of the association, as formerly.
This preposition was very popular and it nearly carried.
But. as the nm«ndment to the by-laws required a unan
imous vote, it met with disaster unexpectedly. When tho
first trial vr- was made there were several dissenting
voices. Then a standing vote was demanded, and every
traveler but one voted for the amendment. The one
negative vote killed the amendment. A delegation of the
Pacific Coast Jobbers' and Manufacturers' Association,
consisting of A C Rulofson and Brace Hayden. told tho
travelers all about the merits of tho defensive fight that
the Pacific Coast la making against the demands of the
Middle West jobbers, and asked the travelers to take
up the work of education ns they travel.
President Thomas E. Dunno presided. Before the
regular proceedings ho requested that the delegation from
the Jobbers' sni Manufacturers' Association should be
heard. The first speaker was Mr. Rulofson. He said that
while the suit before the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion originated in St. Louis, the "fight was really that
of th. entlro Middle West— from the Missouri River to
the Alleghany Mountains— for the trade of the Pacific
roast. AM wholesale houses on this coast were the real
defendant although the suit was against the railroads.
Should the St. Louis proposition carry the result would
be disastrous to the houses that employed travelers, and
the travelers cculd see that that meant trouble for them.
There was a mistaken idea among some of the retail
ers of the State that the St. Louis side of the case was
th» one for then to take up. A Chicago merchant had
publicly said that the Pacific Coast had no right to do
a Jobbing business. St. Louis and th*» other cities of the
Middle West were trying to take away all the territory
that the Pacific Coast had. Their programme would
bring the Eastern department stores In direct competi
tion with the coast Jobbers. Brace Hayden spoke in the
•'I^nvely Nlcht." OaJlfomla Lode* choir; ad
«srpss, "Our Fraternity.*. Franklin 11. Day. I.
M , music, "Auld l-ure- Syne."
Many members of the craft assembled
In St. John.* Hull. Masonic Tempi last
iilKht to witness tho Installation of the
following of!ic«T!» of nxcelslor Lodge No.
ICB, F. and A. M.:
Walter Neat Hrunt. worshipful manter: Otto
FYank Wmtpha!, genlnr warden; I^uls AUJJUf
tIn» Murch. Junior warden; Aaron r><iud. treas
urer; Theodora Eduard Smith, secretary; Louts
<*;a.r<»nc(> HuniT, h^nlor <l<*aron; I>arrpll Allen
llan>. Junior d»-a'*on: Iwtn I'aß* 1 Hulme. mar
».';al; Hrwlerlck «.»«>rr»? Ouyett and Edwin I.y
ruritus Fl^r^t«•r. ptfwards; George Washington
!'<rkin«. t\l«-r. Henjarnln Ciark. oreanlst.
William Wilson McNalr. P. II was the
Installing olllcfr and Carroll Cook, P. M..
w;is tho marshal of ceremonies. The visi
tors were:
QfSSld Master diaries L. P«tton, Grand Mar-
I shal John Tonninifson. <J«»orKf H. <*arleton,
I J'hillp Liavln. Joslah !>>w, C. V. H"nJ«mia. K.
; I> Thomas. A. K. Coney. A. .1 R. Htlke. W.
W. Fulmer. Gforge Mjiman. J. Falconer. A.
8. Cunningham, I' H. Martens. George Pen
linrton. W. G. Fulford. J. A. Gray. John T.
Murch. J. E. PaJ merle*, J. R. Carrlck. J. n.
I 7'agic»-tt. James E. Gordon. Clark Wise. Charles
1 1. I'atton, John H. Blakeway. M. J. Savage.
Thomaji P. H. WhttMow, S. C. Wallls, T. J.
Crowl*y. C. S. Curtis, V E. I)r<>yfu9e. James
H. Hump] Edward Doußlans. W. E.
' Banks. D. D. Lu?tlß. Joseph M. Cummlngs and
S. H. Kent.
The music incidental to the very impres
sive ceremony was by Benjamin Clark,
Alfred Wllke. Joseph Lowe and George H.
Carleton. When the work of the evening
was ended Past Master Carroll Cook pre
sented to W. W. ftlcNair, the retiring
master, a gold and diamond Jewel of his
oflice. after which Past Master Bucking
ham, expressing the lodge> worth of the
master who had just surrendered his sta
tion, present*-*! him two rosewood book
cases, one lllled with a hundred volumes
of choice literature.
The officers, members and guests then
proceeded to the California Hotel to par
take of a most excellent Installation ban
quet. The new master was master of
ceremonies and after a few words. of wel-
come, he called upon Grand Master Pat
ton, who responded to th«> toast, "The
Grand Lodge of California." Rev. Jacob
! Nieto responded to "Masonry:" then there
was ''a bit of fun" by Ferris Hartman;
I an address by 8. M. ■ ridge, an origi
nal ■•iii by Hugh J. Owens, vocal sel«-c
! tlons by Mr. Hamilton, the Australian
barytone: "Th«» Subordinate Lodges,"
Timothy J. Crowley, and other toasts.
Pnst Master Thomas Rowlands, as in- ;
stalling <•?!:. er. with tho assistance of
Past Master C. [illderbrand as marshal of
ceremonies. Installed the following officers
for Crockett Ix>o"ge last night in the chap
tor hall of the Masonic Temple:
; Worshipful master, G. C Groezingcr;
I senior warden, Harry F. Chase; Junior
warden, Edmund S. • rlco: treasurer.
Henry Knust: secretary, Henry Fortrlede;
marshal. Peter Harder: senior aeon. J.
! IJ. Berts; Junior deacon, Harry New-
I lioff: steward. C H. Cattermole; steward,
William Kahn: tyl.-r. J. E. Hunt, organ
1--. Jnjncs R. Ogilvie. .-
There were nearly two hundred crafts
men to witness the ceremony of placing
these officer* in their respective station.*,
and during the evening they were delight
ed by choice vocal selections by the Crock
ett Lodge quartet. Judge G. C. Groezln
cer. re-elected as worshipful master, was
the' recipient of a valuable diamond soli
taire ring, after which there was adjourn
ment to the lower banquet hall, where
, there was served an excellent supper.
There were music and responses to toasts
by Ex-Judge Robert Ferral, Otto turn
Siiden. Judge Georgo H. Bahrs and oth
ers The lodge was visited by the grand I
master- and tho grand marshal.
The upper hand Is usually known to the
other hands as the foreman.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 28. 1899.
same general way. The travelers applauded the dela
. ■
After preliminary remarks by President Dunne re
ports w. re re • Ived. From these It appeared that the as
tion had not pained any members In the past year.
On the other hand, owing to few deaths and small ex
. the funds hud been Increased! and there was
about $14."00 on hand.
These reports were made by Secretary A. C. Bolde
mann and Trer surer B. B. Gallant. The reports formeJ
the basis of the discussion that Immediately followed on
the subject of the proposed amendments to the by
laws.
The talk was lons and animated. Before It was over
half a dozen men were on their feet at the same time,
trying to pot a chance to speak. One traveler withdrew
nbershlp dues, which was equivalent to resigna
tion from the association. The upshot of the whole mat
ter wils that th>- dues were Increased $3 per annum,
and It was v •••'. to furnish clubrooms with the In
crease, that younu travelers might be Induced to Join the
association.
The amendment to have the officer? elected from the
floor, and rot by the directors, was Introduced by Rob
ert EL Davis.
The final work of the day was th« election of direc
tors and r nVers for the year. On the first ballot for di
rectors there was a ti« between F. A. Wheaton. who has
the white hair of a patriarch and who Is hale at 73. and
Harry Getle.son. A new ballot was ordered. When
the votes were counted it was found that there was ono
more vote in the hat than there were travelers then
present. Two votes were folded together. A new ballot
was ordered, which gave the. position of director to
Wheaton. The board of directors as made up was as fol
lows: P. B. Galland, A. C. Boldemann, A. W Well.
Phil O'Donnell. M. H. Barry. George Shurtleff. Lee Ja
cobs, C. C. McCray, C. L. Wallace, R. H. Davis. F. A.
Wheaton.
Thf> directors elected the officers. The leading candi
dates for the position of president were Alex W. Weil and
H H r>avi.«. The first named v.as made president and
Davis was made vt<v president. A. C. Boldemann and
B. B Galland were re-elected secretary and treasurer.
Before the session was erd.>d a loving cup was pre
sent'-.1 to the r> -tiring president, Thomas E. Dunne, by
the members, who had f<»r their spokesman Isldor Good
friend. T!i^ r'iT' was filled to tho brim with champagne
and went the rounds. Meanwhile Dunne received three
cheers for his past services.
JAPAN PREPARES
TO FIGHT RUSSIA
Hostilities May Break
Out Next Spring.
♦
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
VICTORIA, R C.. Dec W. Tho steamer
City of London arrived here to-day from
• 'rii -ut with news of a prospective
war between Russia and Japan. Her offi
cers say that all Japan is now of the
opinion that hoHtilitlts will break out be
tween these two nations in the spring.
Hefore the steamer loft Japan th« In
sular kingdom was buying up grt-at quan
tities of- rle- and even going so far as to
make arrangements for transpi.i
make a demonstration In Korea. Great
activity prevails on all sides in Japanese
naval cln
A Shanghai report nays that Russia haa
dispatched a fleet of thr.e. warships to
iiorn, the bone of contention which
is now causing strained relations between
the two nations.
COLONEL STONE IS
AGAIN UNDER SUSPICION
Filipino Manager Suspected of Set-
ting Fire to a Structure on
Jones Street.
Colonel Walter K. Stone, manager of
the Filipino troupe, is under suspicion of
having caused a lire .'it 510 Jones
yesterday afternoon. Fire Marshal Towe
has Bont for him for the purpose of ln
>ating the origin of tho blaze. The
house. wh!<-h is owned by Mrs. A. Nichol
son, was rented to the, Filipino manager.
It is said the colonel w.-is unable to pay
hts rent and was ordered from tho prem
rle declared to the landlady that
lie would be revenged, mid it is believed
is;hl to carry out bis evil design by
betting tiro to th.' house. The Fir»- De
partment quickly responded to the alarm
and extinguished the flames. Damagu to
the extent of 1300 was <l..he.
It will b< r- numbered that Colonel
Stone waa accuser) of betting nro to the
Bush-Streel Theater, but the Fir. Mar
shal was unable to fix the crime on him.
Marshal Towe was Informed by wttn
t h.it they saw stiiiv leave the house at
SU Jones street a few minutes before tli-j
lire was ii
ESTATES OF THE DEAD.
Wills of Four San Franciscans Have
Been Filed for Probate.
The wills of Ann Olbrecht, Simon Man
ny, F. Liquet and Oliver Van Duser were
filed for probate yesterday. By the terms
of Van 1 "user's will an estate valued at
$10,000 la devised to his widow, Ellen Q.
Van Duser. Isaac H. t Daniel T. and John
Van Duser, brothers, and Lizzie and
Emma Van Duser. nieces of the deceased.
Ann Olbrecht devises nn estate valued
at ?1100 to Sarah Borland, Maggie Ann
Harper and James Borland, a brother. F.
Ltquet disposes of a $1500 estate as fol
lows: To Victor Liquet. ■ brother. 5500:
to the San Jose Home for Children. $100;
to the Catholic New Home for Lost Chil
dren, $100; to the French Catholic Society,
$1™; to the rector of the French Catholic
church, the residue of the estate.
Simon Manny's will gives three-sevenths
of his estate to his widow. Anno If. Man
ny, and devises the residua of the estate
to his sister. Maria Baptlsta. her children
and other collateral heirs.
CHILD'S PECULIAR DEATH.
A Mother Applies "Bough on Bats"
With Fatal Besults.
Alice Tracy, aged U v.;irs, residing with
h*r parents a.t 74 Clementina street, died
under peculiar circumstances yesterday
afternoon and her death was reported to
tho Coroner for Investigation. i~>r New
ton of 7i'.» Post street, who had be.»n
d in the casf a f. w day* n^o, Stated
that tho child died of arsenical poison
ing.
About a month ago the girl's mother
applied a mixture of Hough on Rats and
vaseline <>n the child's head to extermi
nate parasites, and has used the mixture
at Intervals since. Tho health of the girl
gradually failed, until at last she. was
compelled to take to her bed. Dr. New
ton was called in, but too late to save the
child, as hf r system had absorbed bo much
of the poison that death was Inevitable.
The Coroner will hold an Itujuest. but
as the body was partly embalmed by ;:n
undertrik-r h.-for«> the Morgue was hoti
!!<•<! no autopsy will be made.
Officer Hook Acquitted.
The Police Commissioners last night ac
quitted Officer Harry Hook of the charge
of beating James O'Brien, the driver of
a laundry wagon, at the masquerade,
ball given by the Eagles on Thanksgiv'iiK
evening. Officer Cahlll of the Harbor sta
tion was fined $10 for being off his b«^ it
The case of Police Officer Rice, changed
with brutally assaulting on inoffensive
citizen, was continued for one week
Alderman Commits Suicide.
MILWAUKEE. Dec. T,. - Alderman
George Hill committed suicide to-day by
shooting himself through the head, worry
..v.-r the street railway ordinance j H sa j,i
to be the cause. Hill was a Democrat
and supported the ordinance. He was 32
3 can old and married.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
4^iS&9Bb^BF^t_^l2^9 —I laf
\ft^^/ find a irue
friend in
(NO T LSEL OIL)
Duffy's Pure Mali Whiskey
The old family remedy. Cures nervous-
ness and indigestion. Gives power to
the brain, strength and elasticity to the
muscles, and richness to the blood. It
is a promoter of good health and longev-
ity. Makes the old young; keeps the
young strong. _____
All drnepiata ond crocera. AvoM anb«Utut*», ihr
ue danceroua. Unffj'a haa prorrteurj auinu ill r»c:
KttUc. If your dealer <-»nni t (apply you. • bottle t.-i:
be »ent, prepaid, on receipt of «oo 6 bottle* for ivy
:*iirt for valuable boot of Information.
DUFfY MALT WHISKEY CO., Rochester, N. V,
MRS. GALLAGHER
CHARGED WITH
MANSLAUCHTER
Her Alleged Victim
Passes Away.
THE POLICE PROMPTLY ACT
STATEMENT OF THE WOMAN
BEFORE SHE DIED.
She Accused Her Employer of Hav
ing Dragged Her Out of Bed
and Then Assaulting
Her.
Mrs. Caleb, the aged woman, who claim
ed she had been beaten by Mrs. Gallagher
of 10 Alvarado street, as has already
been told In The Call, died In St. Mary's
Hospital yesterday afternoon. As soon
as her death was reported to Captain Bo
hen he ordered Policemen McMurray and
Graham to arrest Mrs. Gallagher.' They
found her at her home and took her Into
custody. At the City Prison she was
charged with manslaughter.
According to Mrs. Caleb's statement,
which she made shortly after having been
taken to the hospital, she advertised for a
position to do light housework in some
respectable family. Mrs. Gallagher an
swered the advertisement and after a
short conversation she agreed to engace
her alleged victim. A short time after
ward. Mrs. Caleb claimed. Mrs. Gallagher
assaulted her, inflicting the injuries from
which she died.
Mrs. Gallagher, when seen in the City
Prison last night, emphatically denied
that sh« ever raised her hand to Mrs.
Caleb.
"On the night she claimed I struck her," ,
she said. "I was out with mv husband
and did not return homo until late. As
we entered the house 1 found Mrs. Caleb
lying on the floor of her room, bleeding
from a cut in her bead. She told me she ,
had fallen while preparing to retire for
the night and had lain in the position j
in which I found her for several hours.
I washed the blood off her head and put
her to bed. a few days later, as her
condition steadily grew worse. I had her
sent to St. Mnry's Hospital. At the
proper time I will produce a witness who [
saw her fall in her room."
Mrs. Gallagher's statement is much at I
variance with that told by Mrs. Caleb. '
In the presence of Sergeant Colby and ;
Policeman Heynemann. she declared that '
Mrs. Gallagher seemed to have tempor- ■
arily lost her reason, and rushing Into .
MRS. GALLAGHER, WHO IS ACCUSED OF THE DEATH OF
MRS. CALEB.
tho room which sh« occupied. rlrriKi:.
out of bed. As she lay prostrate on the
floor, she claimed, Mrs. Gallagher i
edljr struck her. Her screams attracted
the attention of a lodger In the house,
and he went to Mrs. Caleb*! assistance.
After considerable trouble, itae alleged,
he finally succeeded In pacifying Mrs.
Gallagher and Inducing her to leave the
room. This statement is branded as false
by Mrs. Gallagher.
"An autopsy test night showed that the
unfortunate woman had died from the
effects of the injuries she received,
whether accidental or not.
MONEY AND FOOD AND
FUEL FOR MRS. GALViN
CHABITABLE COME TO THE
WOMAN'S ASSISTANCE-
Mrs. McKinnon Cleans Up the Pov
erty-Stricken Home and In
stalls Herself as Nurse
and Housekeeper.
The charitable have come to the as
sistance of Mrs. Galvln and bOT five help
leas little ones, and yesterday the miser
able pteet they call home at 2174 Perry
Itreet was made comparatively habltahle
and comfortable by the kindness of those
who read of her Bad plight in Wednes
day morning's CalL
.Sirs. McKJnnon of 1430 Dolores street
was one of the first to com* to the res
cue of the unfortunate woman and her
family. Shu called on Mrs Oalvin early
in the morning and Immediately proceed
ed to mil up her nleeves and put the
squalid home to rights. Then she washed
the little baby :ind prepared the steak
and broth that had been tent by a char
itable old gentleman. Toward evening
Mi> McKinnon decided that Mrs. Oal
vin still had use for her. and M lh(
elded to remain with the sick woman dur
ing the night.
Eight dollars and fifty cents was left
for the poor woman In charge of The
Call. The Sanden Electric Belt Com
pany's employes contributed So to be for
warded to Mis. Calvin and "a friend"
n 80. L O. Breeovteh tent a t«>x <>f
fruit to the miserable home and fuel in
plenty and CO*] <>11 was received from
ajionymnus charitable Btven.
Mrs. Calvin wan deeply moved by the
klndnee* of her unknown sympathlz* 1 1
••I f>el better to-day." nh" laid. "We
have had a tire and some broth. 1 am
•stronger for it. and the thought that ther
are lOme who sympathize with me has
made me f. el very happy."
The friends of Mr?. Galvin are labor-
Ing in her behalf and hope to do still
more for her. Amonp them li Miss Ethel
Williams, a little nils'* of 11 summers who
proposes to give a benefit for the un
fortunate woman.
A Remittance Count Locked Up.
Ernest Oamlich. a remittance man and
alleged count of German blood, who
draws $35 a month from his wealthy rela
tives in the Fatherland, was locked up In
the Seventeenth-street police station last
1 THE EMPOEHm. | THE ZMPORnTM.
I/a// Price |
To clean up the balances on ;
many lines of goods bought ex- i
clusively for the holiday trade i
and now on sale in the I
Center Aisle. ]
Handkerchief Boxes, Rich Dress Patterns, j«
Glove Boxes, Photograph Albums, 5
Fine Fans, Fo!din * Desks - :?
Silk Cushions, Bohemian Vases, ;|
Piano Scarfs, ISqUe Fl S ures ' 3
c. M xv. r- ' Bisque Ornaments, .5
Silk Table Covers, Empa Vases> : ?
Mouchoir Cases, Glass Eper . n es, j.
Hammered Brass Goods, Pen Wipers, ' :?
Hand- Painted Boxes, Paper Weights, *
Toilet Sets, Pin Cushions, J
Etc., Etc., Etc ':5
PIE EMPORIUM |
p* GoldenßuSe aazAar. 1 '5
California tARQEST-A.nERICA-5 ORANDEST STORC '2
night with two charßes against his hon
ored name. The count will persist in
looking upon Mi. wine when it is re»l
every time he. receives his remittance,
and yesterday being the day of plenty
with him he got fairly well loaded and
undertook to run the grocery at the
corner of Fifteenth and Mission streets.
With the aid of a cobblestone he succeed
ed In standing off all comers until th*
special officer on the beat hove In .sight,
then there was a short and sharp tussle
with the result that the count was Intro
duced to Desk Sergeant Walsh, who made
a record of the event by placing two
charges on the prison sheet. One was
for battery on the special and the other
for being drunk. This outrage to a
blooded German can only be atoned by
the bombardment of San Francisco by one
of the Kaiser's Ironclad double-armored
vessels, so saM Oamllch while he was be-
Ing escorted to his cell by Sergeant Grif
fiths.
DEATH OF MRS. MARTIN.
Wife of the Prominent Mining Cap
italist Expires at the Palace.
The mans- friends of William II Mar
tin, capitalist and owner of the famous
Rawhide mine, will learn with a sli
the affliction that has fallen upon him by
the loss of his wife, who died resterdaj
morning In her apartments in the Palace
Hotel.
Mrs. Martin has been an invalid for the
past year and her death is due to a com
plication of troubles from which she had
been suffering for a long time, principal
among -which was Inflammatory rheu
matism.
Deceased was a woman of middle age
and a native of Thomastown. Me. Liesldt»s
a husband she leaves behind her a son.
Georgo H. Martin, who is a young man
about 25 years of age.
The body is now being prepared for
burial at a local undertaking establish
ment and the funeral services will be held
at the Palace Hotel on Friday morning at
10:15 o'clock.
I "DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT." I
X WORTH ITfl WIIBHT . p. LAM* BiOZ OHRID
a w sold. '!• - j_l 7>NlyV<yLv\y>. 1m» Jwr xi Co. < '
I Nor llth *l$ Z*L** "IPt*/ ' y^j'-J 1 ? "i^i W«>re« Electric Co. < >
*' Dr. Pi-re. * Son: .^nf- Voar EiiH-trto 4
1 take He**ir- JfS :.•!£. 'TAlSl^BsUbssssW P* 1 * "V* 1 m *_L f • «>
♦• writing you a 1-tter to JPf \ /'i;vA \ JPmk I;*?* **■& ° : THIH- ;;
f inform you that law fcW ls^^ / ni^-f i NV /Tv^iTA TY '^ wo IEAIIfl"I EAIIfl " ,
♦ on« of the lucky num- ft^. /\\ /\ N 1 \. N ' 7 \ V^M sttndlr.C I rat th*
* ber. I t/tir<-ta*eJ on' IM^WJ-JLV i, ' , —!~*rz£(&l '"*'' * ]} y ** " •*»• ,
<> of your Ei*<tr<c B«ita o^^KCVrw^W inJ ' *' 1 '' " nlr »
" Aorll 5. M. and wore XA*fc3 SSf^t^^TSffM W^SjLX/r * hort Mrn# - * nJ lrocß
4, It 5 month., and IT _^*S«i£j^i2sj2£^3^_ th «-l llnM on I hh * vt '•
iiAfi uadr a new */*iv«TTT?Kn yi 1; * a n>> "■-^bi* •' «»»a* '
1 MAN OF ME. I // /^Hzl—^/iS 77y^ hln<l - <f
; , had ««n«ral n#rvoua ' • " _rY V*— ' I » Tour» vary truly. 1 .
. troublea that had bothoreA me tor 12 -*-»| V ra -t '"ERIA' ESTRADA. < >
1 ' »«*rt TOUR BELT 18 WORTH ITS /^jLj^~' Ophlr. Cal. , ,
* WEIOHT IX GOLD. Rr«t>«rt fully. l -/VV^s. CTThouiandi of cure* like th» ♦
 ED. T NOfc\ / i for«irotnc bate D*»« made by r>r ♦
. RJo vitta. Cat Pleftri w mm»— j Ei*<-tri« *
I . .« " . .. Belt It It warranted to b« the i
<> most scientific and durable body battery erer patented or mid la America. Pn-e« muci» , ►
4 > lower than others of far Inferior quality are told at. If you want th« BEST, you most
<» have "DR. TIERCE'S. " "". ■
< > For full particular* tend a So ttamp for 'BOOKLBT NO. I" or call at the dOe*. 7
4 ► Address ' ■
i PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., :
X No. MO Market St. (oopoiita Palace Hotel) San Franclaee. j Eastern Offta** M*, Si °
4. Tribune Buliair.r. New York. ■ '
WOULD CONNECT
THE TWO OCEANS
Panama Canal Com
pany Incorporates.
•
TRENTON. N. J.. Dec. 27. -The mm
Canal Company of America, with an au
thorized capital of CO.OOO.iWO, was Incor
porated J,.r-.- late this afternoon. The ob
ject of the company, us shown by the ar
ticles of Incorporation. Is to acquire by
purchase the *hip ranni of the Compacnln
Nouvelle tin Canal d.- Panama and tho
railway across the Isthmus of Panama;
also to construct, «-<iuip and operate sahl
ranal and railway and the various enter
prises connected therewith.
The articles also empower the company
to enter Into arrangements with nny Gov
ernment that may seem conducive to tho
company's object.
The capitalization Is divided Into threw
parts. Th. first Is an Issue of $5.000.G00 nf
tlrst prefererd stock, hearing "» per cent
guaranteed non-cumulative illvldendd. Th«
second Is an Issue of Ji:.." ■ i second pre
ferred 1 stock, bearing 8 per cent non-cum
ulative divld*n«!s. The remaining $l>>,ooo.-
OCO Is to be Issued In common stock.
win. • r
Thl« is a distinctly American entercrtt*. It
will be carried through with American capital,
and It is an outcotn'! of American brains. For
some time a number ef prominent men of thl.t
and other cities have b»"en tnvestlrattrte thr
subject. They have ma>le * thorouith study oj
the conditions which would enter into a. suc
cessful completion of th.» I'anama Can»l. ami
they are now ready to complete the work. ThU
1- not a vision or a Jream— It Is a tact. Th*
'men in this company are not promoters.* They
are men who represent the iwst business an«i
flnanfl.il lnt.T»-sts of the country. The work
will be carried on with private -casual, and
the Government will not be ask"l to aid. TliV
Kr. n--h comimny will retain a (mail Interest,
but the controlling shares will b« in American
hands. .
The completing of the Panama Canal la a
matter of vital and unquallnVrl ImDortanre. Ik
is a live jiubjr.-t t»-<la>. itn<l with the new in
terestfl In Oibn and fortw Itlio there is mor*
than ever a ne»<l for It. The ranal ts atreadr
iwu-nrti - completed, and the rest is under ac
tive construction, with a force of WOO men i'
work all the time. It Is Impossible for me to
Hive out the nam~* In the new company at
present. Th-> Imlu.le ■ mi- of the most prom
inent bankers In Wall street.
It was said that the capital of the coir
pany will be lucrfas»>d to Jij0.«...i.., a . an
> arly date, an. l that some of thf flrianci.il
men behind the company's promoters a r »
J. Kdwanl Simmons of the Fourth yi
tlonal Bank. Kuhn, Loeb & Co.. .miii 1
C. Converse, president of the National
Tube Company; Warner Van Nnrde-.
president of the National Bank of North
America: J. and W. Hellgman A Co..
Charles R. Flint and Captain J. M. de la
>lar.
Union Labor Officers Elected.
The Iron molders'. musicians' an 3
waiters' unions last night elected thi» fol
lowing officers to servo for the ensulnc
six months:
Iron Molders' Union No. I(3— President. :«nv«
W. Jamleson; vice president. John J. Wall- r»
cordins; and corresponding- secretary. James F
McAullfTe; financial secretary. Mark Nobl«»
treasurer. Samuel McKw; Inductor. Frank
?flsont;er: doorkeeper. <;••■ rtc- Schwab!*; ,;»>.
icat*-* to Ijiil i*uun<'l!, Jam*i A. McAultffa
and Thomas Hurl
Musicians— President, F. Dellepiane; rt(«
president. Mo. I>avt«; secretary". Sam Davt.«;
treasurer. T. Klsfeldt; executive committee—
A. Aiiel. C. A. I'k-kman. A. I>lJeau. I*. John*
•en. V. Mamus. W, Mah.-x»l \V. Stress and T.
Walsh; truntees— M. M. Ilium and J. j. Mun<l
wyler. A tie between J. 11. Uro.nbenF.er and O.
Kell for the position ■' trustee will b« «»t
tie.l by a vote at in* next rrxular <cne*tins.
•Walters— l»re»ld<-nt. «Seorjre U'llllar.n; vtc«
president. K. l-:n. trrasurer. <*harlei» H ticket:
recortlmic strretar> - . I^. I». Fry: nnsnclal «ecr»
tar>'. J hn W. .Made; directors— U. nichter.
William Harvey. W. ft <'»IIln». Charles Mac*
kenzle. Brur« M .Nut. 1. :- Vassey and Jo.
sei>h Ccttretl.
Albums and Toilet Cases.
Toilet mm with cellulot<| ft'tings. »J
irork bo> 1 ruff
boxes in great vari< 0 .1 and
at all prli ■ J m. Vail i
Ifarkel »tn evenings thu «
■ ■ • • after
having pr>- >'ighTv years, fiie.i
tly in an I
56
THURSDAY DECEMBER 28, 1899
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A!i Cemmurvcst ens ta W. S. LEAKE, Mar^ger.
riItMCATIO.> OFFlCE. '..Market and Third. 9. P.
Trlrpbonr Main IhGS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS til to --• Stevennon St.
'l>lr|ilmn«- Mnln 1674.
Delivered hr Carriers. IS Cent«» Per Week.
Btnrlc «f• p I • . .". <>ni«.
Term* »> 1 Mall. Including- l'n* truer:
IHII.V CALL 1 " rirlmJin •_ Sunday), one year. . PO.OO
D411.Y (A 1.1. iliK'luilinu Sunday). « month*. . 3.00
DAILY CALL < ni'-!inlln - Sunday), 3 uionlb*.. I.AO
DAILY CALL— -Bj Simile Month '!'<•
M Ml v V CALL One VMt I~M
WEKKLY CAM. One lear J.<K>
Alt |>oMina»ter« are rtutborlrrd to reeelre
■ nbacrlptlon*.
{•tuple copies ill be forwarded nkrn r'qur«ir,l
OAKLAND OPPICC DOS Ilro»dvvay
c. GBOitGB K't.M.M -«
Manager Ferrlcn Advertising. Marqnette. Bnlld-
Inc. Chicago.
\r%\* riM conm:sro\nn>Tt
C, C ■ Mil !<•> Herald sqnare
SEW roam Ili:ritEsnVTATlVEl
rCimV LLKCSS JR 2U irll.onr UnllUlnK
cnirAC<» nwi itaidii
Sherman Iloaaei P. O. >>w» Co.: Great "North
era ]l<itfl; Krrraunt Hooirj Auditorium Hotel.
XEW TonK NEWS unMi
Waldorf- Hotel: A. lirent.nno. 31 Inlnn
tgmiri-i Morn) Hill Hotel.
WA4IIIXGTO* <r>. O OFKICB. . AVelllntrton Hotel
J. F. 1 Id ISB, Correapondent.
linwru orriCCS— C.27 Monttromerr »treet, cor
n< r Clay, open until »:;:«» o'rlorL MM ll.nyot
street, open until Di3o o'clock. •»:»;• MeAlllater
• Irrrt. open until !»..!<' o'clock. 9tM Lnrkln
tlrrrt, open until :•::*.<• o'clock. l !»4 1 Mi-«lon
• irrrt. open until Id o'clock. '_"_•. 1 Mnrkrt
»tr<ii, corner MKtcenth. open until 0 o'clock.
l<>:«i Valencia ittreet, open until 9 o'clock.
l«"t Uleventh ntreet, open until 0 o'clock.
SW. corner Trrenty-necond and Kentucky
• trert«. open until II o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrfceuta— ViuSnl'J*.
Cu!is:tl»— '"The ■ -is."
Oalllors!*— "CuabcrlasiS 'a."
TtvoU— "little Ho-P*»s>."
Alhisbra— "Black I*atti Trooi)*4aur»."
Gtv.i Opera-hcuM — "'slsbail."
Alc»x»r— *"Cl:la^aJ«> Fadd'B."
Cbutcc, Zoo und Tbeater— i >v:::« every »rt«rnoon aid
•VCBtSK
O!>tEpl*, ecrorr Muf-n und T.V.It street*— Fpedaltles.
M«ros«tlUa H*:i— lxTture fvnorrotr nlrfct.
O*Jc!a*}4 !Ulc« Trark— Raoes.
A PEACE PETITION
O"
■
-
■
■
! the
"The
■
■
■ .ckcJ
■
■
■
■
■ many <'
-
[am for
• ■ ntlemen. | •
c will have
■
Since then nothing has been done and the sul^ect
ot the petition has rot been referred to. \"o explana
tion is made that discloses the American interest* thnt
uill be injured by peace, nor that informs the pe
titioners how a tender of good offices might inflict
injury upon cither of the parties to the* conflict.
The warrant for such an offer goes back of the plan
of the Peace Conference and rests upon a long line of
precedents. In 1812 Russia offered to mediate be
tween the United States and Great Britain. In 1836
England offered, to mediate between Fr: nee and the
United States. In 1844 France offered her good
offices between Spain and Morocco. In 1847 England
offered to mediate between Portugal and her insur
gent subjects. In 1F49 England and France offerei
to mediate between the King of Naples and the in
surgent Sicilians. In 1861 both France and Russia
offered good offices between the United States and
the Confederate State*. In 1865 the United States
offered mediation betuccn Spain and the South
American republics. In many other instances such
offer* have been a^e. ending with the tender by
Sir Julian Pauncefote of the good offices of Great
Britain. Germany. Austria. France. Italy and Russia
between this country and Spain. In none of these
cases was the offer taken as an unfriendly act. or as
imperiling either party to the combat or as dangerous
to the interests of the power or powers tendering
mediation.
origin - - the
rromived.
1 h an offer as nnfriem!
•. and it will dr. this con
' •■ It will also
• American interests are I
■ ' Threatened destruction of
■
T1 ' " " with a half-column
• in Ins opinion, n
4 mention the
of whisky as one of them.
The unknown gentlemen who arc guiding Portu
gal's ship of state must want to take the country oft
the map or find some pleasure in 6eeing her used as
a football by the nations.
• • I the "woman in blade" who
--: to local
that rh.--- t l) f ,:ne.
The secret of the Christmas armistice in the Trans
vaal war is out at last. The opposing armies couldn't
go back and were afraid to go ahead.
SON FRANCISCO THE BEAUTIFUL.
BY an overwhelming majority the voters of San
I have declared themselves in favor of
■Hjißllilifl the v..rk that is to make their city
one of the most beautiful on the earth. The long pe
riod of municipal stagnation following the movement
highest achievement in the establish
ment of Golden Gate Park has ended. A new im
ird progress takes up the work where it
nd by arranging for the extension of
rk panhandle to the junction of Market street
■venae inaugurates another period of
-ment and ment.
The campaign of education required to bring about
! popular sentiment in favor of beautifying the city ha*
' been a long one. In September. 1897. the Park Com
j mission recommended the establishment of a grand
, driveway connecting Golden Gate Park with the Pre
! sidio. Shortly afterward The Call began its rnemor
| able scries of articles on the subject of beautifying the
i city and urgently advocated the purchase of the land
intervening between the City Hall and Market street
so as to provide a City Hall Park that would be an
ornament to our main thoroughfare and serve to en
hance the attractiveness and impressiveness of the
1 building itself.
In response to the urging of The Call, supported as
it was by a large number of men of light and leading.
1 the Mayor appointed a commission to investigate ami
report upon the subject. The commission broadened
its work and took into consideration the whole
problem of municipal improvement. Among other
'. powers it .obtained from the Supervisors was the right
1 to consider and report upon the approximate cost of
extending the park panhandle to Van Ness avenue.
The privilege was granted November 2, 1807.
Although nothing came directly from the labors of
j that commission its efforts were not fruitless. Indi
! rectly the benefits were many. Thanks to its reports
; and to the earnest advocacy by The Call of a system-
I «tic course of municipal improvement, the minds of
the people were turned to such thoughts. Various
I plans for improving the city began to receive more
earnest consideration than before, and popular senti
ment in favor of them strengthened from month to
month. \
As long ago as November 17, 1807, The Call said:
' "There has grown up in San Francisco an aspiration
, for municipal beauty. and the feeling is shared by the
, great majority of influential citizens. We are be
ginning to understand something of the possibilities
that lie before the city so happily situated and so
marked by nature for a high destiny among the great
capitals of the earth. In that understanding we recog
nize the importance of making it beautiful as weil as
; rich: that it may not be inferior to any of the cities
i of the age."
In the recent campaign which has come to so
i glorious a victory for progress the forces that were on
the side of improvement included almost every pro
gressive element in the community. The Merchants'
: Association, the various improvement clubs, nearly
every newspaper, and a sterling host of active, erier
i getic, public-spirited men. took an earnest part in it
'> and helped to win the fight against silurianism. The
result i« therefore one for general congratulation, in
which all can ''.are.
c now made sure of park extension. There
- the elections for school
itals. Let the friend
active on Friday a? they were yesterday
and ad i .-\roiher victory to the cause of San Fran
•hc beau:
A- General Roberts is an old man and his chief of
staff. General Kitchener, is known to hold the be
lief thai en are useless in war, the fir^t battle
when they arrive in South Africa aril] prob
ably be a ; :ie to decide which -hall run the
;gn.
OUR PUBLIC SCHOOL LAW
PRESIDENT BURK of the State Teacher^ As-
L~y sociation in his address before that body at the
convention in Sacramento set forth a pro
gramme of action which if resolutely undertaken is
likely to become one of the chief issues of State poli
tics. It is designed to bring about a radical change
in our system of public school administration. To
quote Mr Burk's own language: "We need a new
law Inch shall preserve for the local boards every
authority which does not deal with the professional
and technical side of education, but distinctly giving
these problems to an officer of supervision, who, in
turn, must present credentials of some kind which
shall guarantee a high degree of competency in schol
arship, broad pedagogic insight into the educational
problems of the day, and practical methods for their
solution."
There will be in this demand for a new policy of
school administration nothing surprising to those
who have given any consideration to the meaning of
certain recent tendencies in American life. We are
striving to reach a higher plane in all departments of
public activity. We wish better municipal govern
ment and we devise charters upon new principles in
order to attain it. We reconstruct the old administra
tive system of universities to give to the executive
officer- of those institutions larger powers than their
predecessors id. and m many other ways give evi
dences of a movement toward a new era of things.
It is inevitable that the public schools should be af
fected by the tendency and share in its impulses.
The object of all these changes is to fulfill Napo
leon's saying. "The tools to him who can use them."
The administration of great institutions cannot be
well achieved except by men who have a sufficient
amount of technical training and professional expe
rience to know how to direct their machinery. Our
great universities are no longer managed mainly by
trustees who are better fitted for the affairs of com
merce and finance than for those of education, and
sooner or later the public schools will be adapted to
the model set by the universities. Those great tools
of popular instruction will be given into the hands of
those who know how to use them instead of being
as at present in the hands of thoxe who not infre
quently know hardly any other use for them than that
of providing places for political job-chasers.
In view of the charge made by one John Kane that
he was bitten by a member of the Police Department
it wo«!d -eem that Supervisor Kalben's ordinance to
muzzle greyhound* mi^ht be amended so as to in
clude hungry policemen.
President Steyn of the Ofangt Free State says that
might does not always mean ri^ht. He probably
threw the remark out as a consoling thought to the
British.
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 2S. \S9<X
IT is probable that there is only talk in the Fenian
invasion of Canada. Unless such a movement
were under the Boer flag and commission it wou'd
be outside the laws of war and of nations, and those
engaged in it would have no recognition as lawiul
combatants and would suffer the extreme penalty it
taken under arms.
Even if it were recognized by the two republics and
under their flag its origin within the United States
could not be permitted, for it would be the gravest
breach of international law that can be committed.
This Government could only join.England in prevent
'by the strictest repression. It is a case in
which antagonism to the policy of England and sym
pathy for the Boer- cannot be permitted to so se
y embroil the United States in a distant quarrel.
Ii an uprising occur on Canadian soil, in the first in
stance, and >oldiers of fortune choose to take their
in their hands by joining it. the risk is theirs.
But this country cannot be permitted to become the
drill and supply ground on which hostile expeditions
are trained and equipped to make \rar upon a flag
with which we are at peace.
Th< troubles in which the Spanish war has
■me of harboring a revolutionary iuma
in New York and supplying it with means to main
tain a revolution against Spain. The men who did
that were no more than nominal citizens of the
L'nite-i States, it they wore even that, and used such
color of citizenship as they had only to protect them
selves in waging war in violation of the neutral rights
of Spain.
When men bona-flde accept American citizenship
their first duty is to the welfare of this country.
That duty is higher than any ancient national grudge
or inherited hatred they may have brought to our
•
We cannot afford an asylum to all the hatreds of
Europe, not permit each to organize war on our soil
apainst enemies with' .vhom this country is at peace.
1 lie law makes it a felony for a citizen to accept,
while within the jurisdiction of the United State?, a
-ry commission to serve any foreign Govern
ment - • ',ne with which we are at peace. It is
p1«o a klony to. for like purpose, enlist or procure en
li-tment. Foreigners tran-iently on our soil are not
included in this. Our law further provides that if any
n shall, within the territory or jurisdiction of
the United States, whether citizen or alien, begin or
foot "T prepare or provide the means for any
military expedition or enterprise to be carried on
from thence against the territory or dominions of any
,n prince or state, or of any colony, district >r
. with whom the United States arc at peace,
ever) ■ - lending shall be deemed g\v.'
a high misdemeanor and shall be fined not exceeding
three thousand dollars and imprisoned not exceeding
three
It will be «een. then, that every feature of the pro
: Canadian adventure is highly obnoxious. n<»t
■ winch are the supreme law of the
land, but t" our domestic s-iatutes.
Every citizen, native and naturalized, comes within
the - • esc laws, and they app'y to aliens who
do these unlawful acts within our jurisdiction. Those
who contemplate this movement. if such there be,
»i»or.' irlv that instead of helping the Boers
and hurt:- Britain they will only harm them
selves and him the United States. If they owe Eng
land a grudge, or if they are patriotically impelled to
he I]'1 ]' tin- Rjor^ through their devotion to republican
principles, there ;- only one way : i ■ !<> rithcr. Let
then; . § nth Africa and take their place amonu
the fichtintj men of the two republics, right in the
center of the trouble.
They can gain nothing by criminal acts committed
on our soil, which are primarily against our Govern
ment because in violation of its hrws.
In the present tension ol international relations all
over the world American citizens owe it to themselves
and their country to ohey the law. If the rcportc!
movement take shape at all this Government will he
compelled to prevent it by all means in its power.
Military and civil authority will he invoked, a costly
military patrol and guard of the Canadian boundary
will be necessary, and our taxpayer- will havr to bear
the additional burden ol restraining an unlawful enter
prise started by those whose first duty is to this
country and its la.vs.
Now that young Churchill, the aristocratic war cor
respondent, has managed to pet himself safe out of
the hands of the Boer- it remains to he Seen whether
he enn get his di«patclir^ sent through from the
blue pencil of the censor.
BY the action of the Board of Supervisors in
passing to print the resolutions of Supervisor
Aigeltinger forbidding telephone companies to
exact from the patrons of their nickel-in-the-slot ma
chines the deposit of a nickel until after the desire-l
switch has been made and the party has responded
there is given to the public something like an assur
ance of protection against what has been very much
in the nature of a petty swindle. When the resolu
tions are put into force the patrons of the telephone
Mot machines will have for their money something
more than information that the desired party is out
or that the line is engaged. •
The resolutions arc carefully drawn and decla:
under a penalty of fine or imprisonment or both that
"no corporation, firm, individual or copartnership"
operating, or which may hereafter operate, a tele
phone line, or render telephone service, within the
city and county of San Francisco shall charge or re
ceive any compensation for any telephone message or
communication in any instance before the telephone
number or party called for shall respond to the call
of. or on behalf of, the person ordering the >er
vice."
This resolution, taken in connection with the for*
mer order of the board imposing a fair license tax
upon each nickel-in-thc-slot telephone machine in the
city, promises to be 01 great advantage to the com
munity. By them the public is assured first that the
service f<«r which the telephone company is paid irill
be rendered, and second that the city will derive a
revenue from the enormous profits which the tele
phone corporations derive from their monopoly of
what has now become a public necessity.
Thus this Board of Supervisors in the closing
weeks of the term has added another to the many
beneficial acts of local legislation which mark its
record. It has once more demonstrated its fidelity to
the campaign pledge* of the majority of its members
and to the true interests of the city It has set an
example which the incoming board will do well to
emulate.
Senator Morgan is having such a hard time in his
f>ght for re-election that some of his friends say he is
making his way back to office through a slough of
political mud that reaches neck high.
In five weeks the lawyers in the famous Molineux
case have made 6500 objections. There must be
some terrible truth hidden somewhere in that case.
A CANADIAN INVASION.
PROTECTING THE PUBLIC
PROPHETIC.
General Buller— l thcught I told you to give him battle?
Sir George White— So 1 did, and you see th« result. When
he gets at you it will bo the same way.
Petersburg Novoe Vremya.
SOCIETY IS AMUSED
BY BANG-TAIL NAGS
'in? LL of the bang-tail horses and caddie boys of the upper sot were on cx-
A hlbttlon last night at the Christmas ride of the by the San Francisco
'.in la>t night at the Christmas r by the - rf»CO
jl — \ Riding Club for the benefit of the Armitage Orphanage. Captain Dillon.
late of the French artillery, was also there, and acted In the capacity
of ringmaster of the show. At the right time he shouted "l.r.iv. and the
audience took the cue and applauded, it was a great affair from a financial,
equestrian and social point of view.
All of the available apace not reserved for horses and their riders in the
big building out at 1649 Pacific avenue, which is the headquarters of the club,
was taken up by an attendance that was thoroughly Interested and extremely
entertained by the exhibition In the tanbarlc ring. The programme was a va
ried one. There were evolutions, vaulting, tandem riding. Jumping, high Jump
ing and more Jumping, and every number was greeted with applause that nearly
frightened the horses out of the ring.
"Evolutions by Two Little Angels" was the first on the programme, and
this v.as followed by a grand entree by the members of the club. The latter
number consisted In riding around the ring in all kinds of fashions under the
direction of Captain Dillon. After this the ringmaster got a long line on a
horse that galloped around the ring and Charlie de Young and Grey Rick took
turns in vaulting on and off the animal's back and hanging on while the horse
skipped over a hurdle. They acted their parts with all the agility and grace of
circus rldfrs. Mr. de Young was especially expert.
There was a side-step number, In which two horses obeying the guidance of
their skillful riders went around the ring without going ahead or backing up.
Mr. Grayson did a very clever act on a horse pans saddle, sans bridle. He
stemed to have telephonic communication with the animal through his whip,
for by m> :m«« of gentle taps he made it jump over coal oil boxes and do other
tricks while he maintained hi« equilibrium on Its back. A tandem ride by Mr.
Flournoy and Mrs. Lent was one of the features of the show. After the enter
tainment the members of the club gave a supper to the audience. The affair
was pronounced a grand success. •
CLUB WOMEN
ENTERTAIN
Ladies of the Forum Hold
a Delightful Informal
Reception.
The ladles of the Forum Club held an
informal reception In their rooms in the
Center block building yesterday after
noon, between the hours of 3 and *5.
Like all the Forum entertainment- yes
terday's gathering was ■ most delightful
affair. The clubrooms were prettily dec
orated with greens an ,i holly berries and
a Christina* tree decorated with flap:* and
storks occupied the place of honor at the
north end of the room. , ,
There was a splendid musical pro
gramme during the afternoon. Signor
CadaneMO. Harry Wood Brown. Mihs
Ella V MeCloekey. Miss Llllie Boeder and
the Fuhrer family contributing to the ex
cellent programme. Prominent among
the guests of the club were the officers
of the Century. Sorosis. Laurel Ha 1. Co
rona California, Sketch and Mills clubs
On the reception committee of the
Forum Club were: Mrs. Martin Regens
burger, the clubs President: Mrs. L. A.
Kellv Mrs. Homer H. Frltch. lira. E. O.
Dennison. Mrs. W. F. Mills Mrs. Thomas.
Morfew. Mrs. R. Payne. Mrs. W. F.
Smith. Mrs. Fred Kelly. Mrs. I rank Fred
ericks Mrs. E. B. Cutter. Mrs. J. A. Wail
and Mrs. M. Gardner.
One of the most fashionable weddings
In local Jewish circles took place last
evening at Golden Gate Hall when 111
Flora Levy and Hugo Landecker were
united in marriage. The ceremony was
performed by Rev. Jacob \ oorsaiiger in
the parlors of the hail and was followed
by a wedding feast and ball Blvanta
honor of the young couple. Miss Melenie
Levy, the bride's sister, was maid of
honor, and Miss Gertie Kaiser and Miss
Kannle Sternfeld were the bridesmaids.
The best man was Bolomon Landecker.
The bridal procession was led by HIM
Hilda Lauter and MIM Helen Lleber.
Sower girls. During the festivities music
was furnished by an orchestra under the
leadership of Gustav Selo.
The bride Is the daughter of the late
Simon Levy and a sister of Marcus Levy
and Mrs. Leon Lelber. The bridegroom Is
a well-known broker of this city. The
couple will spend their honeymoon in the
south, and upon their return will reside
at . . Dcvi adero street.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENT!
SANATORIUM— A. C. EL, City. The in
stitution Inquired about is a homeopathic
sanatorium. .
CONSUL AT TAHITI-S. M. D.. Oak
land Cal. The Consul for the United
States at Tahiti. Friendly Islands, is
Jacob L. Doty. ._
TO TAKE OFFICE-C. M.. City. The
officials who will be the first under the
new charter will take office at noon on
the first Monday after the Ist of Janu
ary. 1900.
DENMARK — A subscriber. Michigan
Bluff. Cal. The United States representa
tive to Denmark is Laurits S. Swenson.
envoy extraordinary and minister pleni
potentiary. Copenhagen. Address him by
his name, tltlo of his office and the place
at which he resides. The Danish Consul
In San Francisco is H. H. Blrkholm, office
In the Murphy building. V» \
CAUSE OF THE WAR—Gretchen.
City. The principal cause of the war In
South Africa Is that the Boers refused to
British subjects and other Ultlanders
certain rights of citizenship which th«
British authorities claim their subjects
were entitled to: also the Boers' refusal
to recognize British suzerainty.
TO BE AN ACTOR— N. 0.. City. A
young man with a common school educa
tion may become an actor, that is, one
kind of an actor, but if he is ambitious
and wishes to rise high in the profession
he should have the qualifications that
are given In the chipping Inclosed in the
letter of inquiry, namely: First of all
he should be of graceful figure, and, of
course, young. Then, education Is of the
utmost Importance. The man with a col
lege education In nine cases out of ten
in all career* has the advantage of a
man without such an education. He
should be able to converse In at leant two
foreign languages, an*! not only be able
to converse, but be able to pronounce
properly— how often are we Irritated and
annoyed by the mispronunciation of for
eign words on the stage, and let me say
that such Ignorance Is an Insult to an
audience. He should be able to dance,
sing and fence, all perfectly. He should
have a thorough knowledge of French
and English literature.
VARIOUS COINS O. P. Vallejo.
CaL A United States half dime of I?3S.
I when sharp and without stars around the
I figure of liberty, commands a premium
lof 4*. cents. The dealers' prices for such
a coin are: With O mint mark 40 cents
for one in fair condition, $1 50 for one In
good condition and $7 50 for one that has
not been circulated. Those with stars
around the figure Fell from 20 to 40 cents
There Is no premium on a 2 cent piece
bronze of the inxue of 1566. The selling
price Is from 10 to 75 cents. The coin of
, which a drawing i«» sent In a letter of In
; quiry li a Spanish peso, and the selling
, price Is from $2 25 to %. r*\
THE LINES-Student. City. The lines
asked r. for are in Scott's "Lord of the
Isle." Canto V. stanza 13:
0 many a »haft at random s»nt
Find* mark the archer little meant!
An.l many a word at random spoken
May foothe or Wound a heart that's broken.
The other lines are from an old hymn
to be found in one of the old-time school
song books called "The Golden Wreath"
1 litre are In the* verse as follows:
How hnpj>>- is the little child
Who heeds Instruction* warning vole*.
And who celestial wisdom makes
III« early, only choice.
THE CENTURY-J. O. X.. Karluk.
Alaska, and eight others from various
sections. The question of mile posts on
a railroad and of the anniversaries of
a man's birth has no place In the mat
ter of counting tlmo. as to a century.
The subject, which has evoked a great
deal of discussion for many centuries
back as each new century approached re
solve Itself Into a very simple proposi
tion, which is that It takes 100 years to
make .i century of time, and a century
cannot be completed nntltl fully 100 years
£u v f 1 «' la PBe<lP Be<l - Commencing with the
Christian era. It took In round number*
ME days to complete the first year of the
first century, so th« first day of the ,Vc
ond year commenced the second year of
he first century, and In that wiv down
to the last day of the ninety-ninth year
I RUSSIAN I
fCIGARETTESS
IWith Mouthpiece |
XO cents for XO 8
Monopol Tobacco Works
of that c-ntury: then ninety-nine year*
had been completed, and It took Just on*
year more to complete th*» period of 100
year*, and was the year 100. That ended
the flrnt century and the second becan
with the year 101. The centuries fol
lowed unmistakably In the same order,
and a.« It will take 1500 full years to make
nineteen centurks. the twentieth century
will commence with the first day of the
year 1901. The contention that when we
reach the ... 1900 we have completed the
nineteenth century li fallacious, because
to close the century the year 1900 must
have pa&sed away. It might as well be
said that In counting a year, when
we reach December, or the twelfth
month, we have concluded a year. The
year Is not concluded until the last day
of the twelfth month.
In a .book called "The Revelations of
St John." 1664. on page I*l there is the
following "Thus farre do the thirteen
centuries reach which end In the ycare
1300." '
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Paul R. Jarboe l» re*iitered ot the Pal
ace for a ?hort itay.
A. B. Butler, the wealthy raisin man. I*
registered at the I'at.tce
Judge J. 8. Torrence is reiriatered at tfel
Palace front Echo MeVBl
J Jerome Smith arriv.d fren X
yesterday and went to th* I
State Senator John S. Davis it
tered at the Palace OroM Jack§on.
Meyer Blum, a well-tcr.own business
man of Vii<aville. l» ttt the Orand.
Alden Anderson. UM ifomu.^nt Huisun
politician, if a gues: at the Grar.d.
W. H. Cleary. a wealthy mine owner
of Stockton, is a truest at the Lick
I'rury Melone has come down from his
home at Ga.k Knoll and Is a guest at the
Palace.
S. N. Griffith, the well-known Fresno
attorney, is amort the late arrivals at
the Ll< k.
Mr. and Mrs. Pettinjrill have arrived
from New York ar-J are stopping at the
•:iar.
Judge I. F. Posten. wh<-> !«• deeply Inter
ested In the oil lands of riclma. Is a
at the I.:
I. W. M jultrie. a well-known attorney
of Fresno, is among the arrival* of yes
terday at the Lick.
J. A. Williams, pre«Ment of the Lc«
Angeles County Sunday-school Associa
tion, is a guest at the Grand.
A. R. Hopkins, one of the leaders In t!:e
mercantile circles of Fresno. Is amorg
the recent arrivals at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. C. F. Miller have come up
from their home In San Juan and are
making a «hort ?Uy at the Lick.
R"v. M. D. Wilson Is at the Occidental
from his home In Sun Mateo. H» Is ac
companied by his wife and daughter.
Charles C. Derby, who is prominently
Identified with the quicksilver mines of
Now Almadrn, is at the Occidental while
on a short visit to this city.
CAXIFORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW TOP.X. Dec. 27 -Mrs. E. R
Mackle of San Francisco Is at the Ven
donio; Mr<. A. Van h>athoven of San
Francisco Is at the Everett: William
Mates of San Francisco Is at the Empire.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Dec. 27. -J. A. S
land and wife of San Francisco axe at the
Wellington; W. C Anderson of Oakland
is at the St. James.
Cream mixed randies In Japanese bas
kets. 2 lb 50c. at Townsend's. 827 Market.*
Gulllet'* Ice Crva.ni and Cakea. 109 Lark. a
St.. t»l. Enut 15«. •
Townsend's famous br^k»n and mixed
candies— 2 lbs. 2Zc. 627 Palace Hotel. •
Note SI Fourth street. 5c barber, grocer;
beat eyeglasses, spec*. l')e to 40c •
Calendars and diaries for 1900. Open
evenings this week. Sai.born. VaJl & Co.*
Time to send your Eastern friends
Townsend's California Glace Fruits; 50c 1b
in fire-etched boxes. £.7 Market; Palace.*
No waiting at Towruend's; plenty of
help. Thousands of packages of California
Glace Fruits and Candles packed all ready
to hand out. C 7 Market street. •
Special Information supplied dally ">
business bouses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1041 *
A "Masher" in Trouble.
Felix Verheyen was arrested yesterday
on a charge of using- vulgar language.
The complaining witness is Emma Maator
sen, a pretty girl. 16 years of age. living
at 317' i Third street. She accuses V»r
heyen of going around among her friends
and Mackening her character. Verhey«n
wan arrested about three weeks ago (or
insulting two young ladles on Market
street, but as they •!■■. lined to proiecu'.e
him the case was dismissed.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestlbulM Pullman toortit
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductor* accompany these excur
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. *3* Market street
■ ♦ «
No new year's table Is complete without a
bottle of Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters, th«
great South American tonic of exquisite) flavor
The Fastest Train Across the Conti
nent.
The California Limited, Santa Fe Route. Con
necting train leave* i p. m . Monday, Wednes
day. Friday and Saturday. Finest equipped
train and best track of any Un» to ih« K«it.
Ticket office, CS Market ••—
Arrested for Manslaughter.
Oscar Gordon, mr.torman of the car
that struck and fatally injured Simon P
Ross, teamster, on Harrison street near
Fourth about three weeks ago lU rren
dered himself yesterday and was booked
at the City Prison on a charge of man
slaughter. He was released on his own
recognizance by Judge Conlan. Ross who
lived at 313 Twelfth street, died at 'he
Lane Hospital Tuesday night.SPECIAL
TO-DAY !
3 cases Mil! Ends Tennis Flannels,
from 1 to 10 yards in piece, soft,
heavy, downy goods, beautiful
colorings, in stripes and checks,
regular 10-cent quality, will be
sold to-day at
7 Cents per Yard.
SHIB3 WINDOW.
C. CURTIN,
911 and 913 MARKET STREET.
TBLCPHONE SOUTH 380.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA TMATEI&r
AN AMERICAN PLAY.
PORTRAYED BY AMERICAN
PLAYERS OP PERSONAL
DISTINCTION.
The FRAWLEY COMPANY
la Tbalr tUtnarfcabl* i'reeeaUUon of
"CUMBERLAND '61."
REMEMBER NKXT ST7NDAT KiaHT.
rirct I»ertortnaoQa In This City of
"WITH FLYING COLORS."
BIGGEST PRODUCTION EVER MADS IN
SAN rRANCISCO.
SPECIAL MATINEE NDW TBAR'S DAY.
BXTCIAL THIS ATTERN<"»ON AT 5:13
SECOND RECITAL Or VLADIMIR DE
PACHMANN,
Tnn GRJBATBPT PIANIST OF THE AGE.
Last ItecltaJ— To-tnorrow Afternoon,
Boala - - 12.00. J1.50 and JLOO.
On tale at Shenraa. Clay & Co.'» Ull 1 o'clock:
then at th« theater.
EXTRA!
— ANNOrNrHMENT EXTRAORDINARY —
EARLY -:- IN -:- JANUARY.
THE GREAT DIVA,
Emma Nevada,
Fre*b rrom Metropolitan anl European
• ph«.
6ub»crlpf!one Now BHnf RerelrM at
Ca!!fornla Thrater. Pnlare Hotel
Pherrr.»n. Clsy ft Co. California HnteL
Kohlcr. Chase A Co. <Vcld<»ntal Hotel,
rmporlu-n. Greentaum i.- Co.
PCSITIVE A.PFEIBAKOS Or THE GREAT
FOUGERE
The Ernsatlcn ot Two Continents.
Tfcorn* and <"--arleton. Hamilton Hill. Har-
rtran and i Host of i-. . Holiday
Attractlong and Last Week of
Mr. 2nJ .Mrs. Edwin Milton Boyle & Co.
TWen-ed Seats, 25c: Balcony. ljc; Opera
.'•..■> and li >* fex-stw. :■■'•--
:■'. .: r '-f Wtdnenilay. Faturday end Sunday.
■ PE<-nAL MATINEE NEW TEAR'S DAY.
TICKETS NOW ON SALE.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN Ml.
THD GREATEST EXTRAVAGAN3A PRO-
DUVTION EVKiI WITNESSED IN
BAN FRANC'IBCO.
nattertr-tly InJjjiied by the Entire Press of
the City. Who Iv> Not Discern a
Slnrle Ulemlhh In It.
AT ■ O'CLOCK FHARP
SIiNBAD
Beautiful ballets, beautiful marches, beauti-
ful erntuniir*. beautiful «lrls. beautiful sor.irt.
c.ever ar.lMii. funny com"dlanß. slde-eplltttnc !
Sflfesx. Frank King's magnincer.i tranffonna-
tl n.
In eenseQuenr* cf the rnormous expense of ,
this production the following prices will pre-
vail:
«'rchenr» (Slrrt eight rows) 750
I'aiance of house i:."r and ,-.m,.
<>aHerte* lOc and ISo '
Saturday Matinee Prices -.*■. and '.'>,-
imAN'CH TirKKT OFKICE— EMPORIUM.
H XTRA MATINi:i: N'EV YEAR'S DAY.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT . ni Entire Week.
THE SALT OF ORIGINALITY. WIT AND
HUMOR.
CHIMMIE
FADDEN.
STRONGEST CAST OF THB SEASON.
gTu™ 3 Isc 25c 35c 50c
MATTNKE nVERY SATURDAY and SUNDAY
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ELLA BIRI. Coasting (he Chutes.
ADGIE AND HER LIONS.
In Her SPECTACULAR MIRROR DANCE.
MAJOR mite,
The Smallest Actor on E»rth.
AND A SPLENDID PROGRAMME.
TO-NIGHT, AMATEUR NIGHT !
LI HUNG CHANG'S CHINESE
AMATEURS
In Rag-Time Specialties.
Phone for Feat PARK 23
HON. TOM L. JOHNSON;
PINOLE-TAX 08.
Will Afldrrss the People of San Francisco at
MHTROPOLITAN TKMPLE.
FRIDAY RAXNINQ DECEMBER 29
YOU ARE CORDIALLY INVITED.
A . Bflata Fre* and None Reserved.
JC. n.— Mr. Johnson particularly desire* to [
hay« questions asked upon any phase of the ,
eingle. Tax, which h* will andearor to answer. |
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
! AMUSEMENTS.
Every Night (Except Sunday), Matinee
Saturday.
THE GREATEST
THEATRICAL EVENT OH YEARS.
L'.eMer & Co. Present
jt Christian
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR
ALL THIS and NEXT WEEK.
SPECIAL MATO.TTE NEW YEAR'S DAT.
Whamfaa-
i THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAT HOUSE.
k>«dj ice Jose* Bts. PHOSB. 60UTH T7O.
TO-NIOHT! TO-NIOHT! TO-NIGHT!
LAST WEEK. MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Greatest Colored Show on Earth.
BLACK PATTI Troubadours
•
Everything New This Week.
POPULAR PRICES.
Evenlnr He, Kc. ISc. 50c and 73c
llatinre Ue, be. 35? and SOc
STARTING NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
AT 2:15.
The Orirlnal Irish Comedians.
ONE WEEK ONLY.
MURRAY *\.XD JYXPKCK.
IN
• <FllSNl ssat?Tt;?.da BrtLL."
Peats Thurs»l«y.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
' THE PLACE TO TAKE THE CHILDREN!
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING.
Matinees Ssturday and New Year's Day,
Th« Gorreous Holiday Extravaganza,
LITTLE 80-PEEP
■ Without Doubt the Oreatest Show in Frisco!!
Presented by a Big Double Company!!
Don't Miss the Brilliant Transformation,
"BUTTERFLIES."
POPULAR PRICES— AND 60 CENTS.
Seat* on Bale One Week Ahead.
Telephone, Bush t.
—————— —-—-_— _______
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
Wlntr Meeting. December IS to December 31,
tncluFlve.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Raelre Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday, Thure-
£ty, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or mor» rac»s each day.
Races start at * 16 p. m. sharp.
Ferr>'-bnats leave San Francisco at 12 on. and
12:S0. 1, 1:30. 2, 2:10 and 3 i. m.. connecting
xrlth trains stopping at the entrance to the
track, l.net two oars on train reserved for la-
■ dies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry ticket to Shell Mound. Ail trains via
Oakland Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and 111 Way. Oak-
! land Also all trains, via Alamtda mole con-
n*ct with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
anfl Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
C> direct to the track fn fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at i:l5 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R n MILnOY. Secretary.
SANTA CLAUS IN AN
UP-TO-DATE LAUNDRY
Would revel in the snow-white color
and perfect finish of our fine laundry
work, and only once a year does he see
> such exquisite work laid on collars, '
| cuffs and shirts as he does when he
visits the United states Laundry. A
mr.noiFFr-ur on fine laundry work must
| 'always admire the beauty of that done
by us.
United States Laundry. Offlo*
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
tb a ORBAT RBSTOKATIVK. LNVIUOHA-"
tor and Nervine.
The most wondtrful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy fur Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
SABER. ALF3 & BRUNE. Agenta,
US Market street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.!
I&2&3 DR. HALL'S fiEINYIGORATOR
L'^i\£*' > i\e hundred reward for any
M*3 a^BB «•»*' *• cannot cure. This secret
ft > m remedy stops all losses In **
!9Bf B^B hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
tj/jn ffitn teney, Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea.
Vsisl ifVill fleet. Fits. Strictures. Lo«t
/•O ME Manhood and all wanting effects'
L.-._*7rn. k . 'of self-abuse or excesses. Bent
, sealed. 12 bottle; t bottles. IS; guaranteed to
cure any oaaa. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. Nt Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Ala?
for sale at 10TSH Market St.. 8. F. All private
i dlteues quickly cured. E«nd for free book.
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 28. 1899.
EXTENT OF BORLINI'S
THEFT NOT YET KNOWN
Accused Declares He Has Not Em=
bezzled the Bank's Money.
Passing the Burden of Prosecution Around
From Bank to Surety Company by
Interested Parties.
: LOVE my wife with an all-absorbing' |
passion," said Alfred A. Borlinl last
night In the offices of the Morse De- '
i± tective Agency, '"and that is why I i
married her. She Is my wife, and ;
though It has been Bald she repudiated me
when the charges of embezzlement were
made, she Is stfll my wife, and my love
for her forbids my discussing this episode
Of my misfortunes.
"I am not an embezzler. When the
books . arc thoroughly experted it will be
■ found that no defalcation exists. I have
not stolen the bank's money. No discrep- I
I ancy exists on account of my dishonesty, '
• and this entire affair, when probed to
the bottom, will resolve Itself Into a com
i plete exoneration for me."
That is the young bank-teller's version
of thu charges brought against him by '
j the officials of the American Bank and
Trust Company, declaring Borlini to be a .
I defaulter to the extent of about $8000. His '■
' statements are antipodal to those of the |
detectives employed in the case , the offi- ,
i cere of the bank, the attorneys and the
i natural conclusions drawn from bis own i
, actions. The books of tho bank have been
: experted and according to the findings
Borlini is accused of embezzlement.
But mere than this, the detectives who
. have been shadowing the young clerk
claim to have secured a. confession of
guilt from him. Their story is like night
and day when compared with Borlini's
self-exculpation. They say that the ac- ■
cused admitted that he was a defaulter,
■ even to the amount of $7000, and that hid
! mind was harrowed with the awful strain
| put upon him by his own consciousness of '
his guilt and the ever present fear of dis- ,
covery. Tortured and driven nearly mad '
i by the mental pain his actions had en
tailed he decided to end his suspense and
1 force the issue: After it wsu> all over
[ and the defalcation brought to light Bor- '.
' Hal returned from hi* honeymoon and re-
I signed himself to his fate.
Just what the extent of the defalcation
Is has not yet been ascertained. The bank
1 officials admit that it will reach (MOO. but
there are others who assert that It will
' It fully $5000 to $10,000 more than this. But
$5000 is secured by bonds given by the
: American Surety Company of New York.
! The discrepancy Is what the bank Is after
' and prosecution will be held in abeyance
until Borlini's attorney offers a better set
i tlement than has at, yet been forthcom
ing.
• I did not play the races." said the for
mer bank teller last night, "and gambling
! had no charms for me. I spent no more
money on women or life about the town
j than ether men In my position."
Where the money went is a cause of
much mental trouble to the attorneys for
the bank. They have searched the rec
ords and found no property In Borlinl's
name. They have, with the assistance
! of detectives, gone over the young man's
pathway for the last year without dis- j
covering a trace of excessive expendi
* tures. Borlinl has been dabbling In stocks,
only lightly, he avers, but the detoctives
pay that he admits this is the means by
which h« hoped to retrieve his losses and ■
i cover his peculations on the bank.
Had Borlini returned a few days be- i
fore the time at which he wa* due at
An Excellent Combination.
< The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
Syrui- of Figs, manufactured by the
Califotjjia Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to bo
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
fast* and acceptable to the system. It
i- the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect • freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and it« acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants. by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
BAN FHANCIBCO. CAL.
X/OUIBVILLB, XV. NEW YORK. W. T.
For tale by all Drugglsta.— Price 50c. perbottla
Furniture Buyers
Call and examine my prices on furniture
carpets, stoves, etc.. before purchasing else-
where. You ran save fully 20 per cent by buy-
Ing here. Liberal credit extended to all: $~i
wcrth of furniture tor 11 per week.
Estimates given on complete bouse furnish-
ing from cellar to garret.
T. BRILLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Bet. Btocktcn and Powell. -
Opp. Union Square.
Free delivery Oakland. Alameda and Berke-
ley. Open evenings.
i ~
i The. luxury, comfort, convenience*. ,
i cunlne and moderate, charges oar* ,
i given to* \
: PALACE and |
GRAND
♦ ♦'■■
♦ fccteli a reputation that Is known whar- ♦
* ever the English language Is spoken. *
4 Connected by a covered papsajreway— - A
i 1400 rooms— «so w'th baths I
I JOHN C. KI UK-PATRICK. Hanaro. I
■»••••••» >-♦-• m • • • ♦• ■»• m » » • » c • e»
the bank he might have continued his
blanketing work and hid his defalcation
from his employers. It is claimed that
Borlini tn.ul he could have gone on with
his tampering of the books for many years
without a discovery, but he preferred to
end it all and save his mlna from cer
tain wreck. According to the bank offi
cials Horlini would switch money from
one account to another, having full knowl
edge of the habits of the bank's clients.
One client who always kept well wl'.hln
the limit of his account drew a check
upon the hank. It proved to be an over
draft, but when the matter was exam
ined It wai found that the client's depos
its had bean transferred from his ac
count to the account of another. This
was Borlli .'.- system <>f manipulation and
might nave been continued for months
without discovery.
What action the bank will take has
not yet been determined. There 1s a di»
poaltlon on the rait of tho bank m-
cials and the manager* of the surety com
pany to *hirk tho initiative. President
ENDED HIS LIFE BECAUSE
HE HAD ABUSED HIS WIFE
0
♦
a
+■
PATRICK DEVINE'S PLUNGE INTO ETERNITY.
DESPONDENT because he had
abused his wife while in his
cups, as the result of a Christ
mas eve celebration. Patrick
Devine, an old soldier, ended his life
yesterday afternoon by Jumping head
long from the upper story of his home.
T7CK Folsom street, to the concrete
sidewalk below. Devlne and his wife
had always lived in the most perfect
harmony until Christmas eve. when
the fornif-r went a little beyond the
limit in imbibing and returned home
shortly before midnight considerably
the worse for liquor. While In this
condition he proceeded to abuse his
wife, who fled from the house and ap
pealed to Officer J'Yaher for protec
tion. The policeman arrested the bol
llcerent husband and took him to the
City Prison.
When Dovln* recovered from the ef
fects of the liquor he had drunk, he
was filled with remorse for what he
had done. He pleaded with his wife
for forgivenosß and she readily for
pave and forgot. Apparently be was
not Inclined to so easily forgive him
self for his misstep. He was extreme
ly r<-ni(irt»eful and yesterday morning
JAMES SWORN IN.
The New Captain of the Naval Mil
itia Takes the Oath of Office.
Nathaniel L. James. ex-Major General
of the National Guard of California, was
en la.»t Tuesday afternoon sworn in before
Major General Dickinson as chaplain of
the naval militia of California. The cere
mony was witnessed by Assistant Adju
tant General Colonel Thomas M. duff,
several of tn. 1 oflloers on the division staff.
Lieutenant Commander Nearny command
ing the militia and a number ot the
line officers. The ceremony was followed
by congratulatory speeches and a littla
wine on the tide.
The new commanding officer will in a
few days go en board the Marion, relieve
the present commander and laise his pen
nant on that Vessel. The ceremony wj',l
be in accordance with tlie rules of the
United Btates navy wben there is a
change of officers.
A change will soon be Introduced In the
militia. The uniforms now in use will be
led mid otl.ers similar to those of
I States navy will be RUbsti
tuted
Lieutenant Junior Grride Smith of the
Fifth Division, looatiil at Eureka, ha-i
r"d his resignation.
The California Team.
The California football team, after their
hard-fought battle with the Carlisle Indians
refreshed themselves on the evening of Christ
mas day at a banquet at Zinkand'o. The Ap
pearance of that genial host, Charles A. Zln
kinii. was the signal for "Three rh- for
Zlakand," which were given with it will by
the lusty-throated football veterans of Cali
fornia. •
Amateur B.oxers in Action.
The regular monthly boxing exhibition
of the San Francisco Athletic Club will
be held to-morrow night In the Kymna-
Eium on Sixth street. The 'principal bout
will be between Jack McDonald, who won
one of the championships at the Olympic
Club some months since, and Billy David
son, an Eastern man. The preliminaries
Include bouts between Jack McCormick
and Ed Myers. Henry I,ewis and Dan
Barry, S. Moore and B. Wilt. Alex Greg
gains will referee.
Bellinr depot for Koh-i-noor pencils and
Waterman Fountain Pens. Sanborn, Vail
& Co. •
Fretwell of the American Bank and
Trust Company Bald yesterday:
"The matter is out of our hands and
we will act in consonance with the Amer
ican Surety Company, Joining them In
prosecution if they advise It."
James R. Garnlss of the surety com
pany is not much- pleased with the at
titude of the bank.
'It Is for Mr. Fretwell to act." said
he yesterday afternoon. "The bank has
sustained the loss and they are the suf
ferers. If a settlement Is made by them,
why we have nothing to do with it. We
are ready to pay the $5000 which the bond
calls for whenever regular notice Is given
of the defalcation. I. for one, am not In
favor of prosecuting this young man.
Think of his wife; this poor. innocent,
lovely girl, and the pain and suffering
that will be forced upon her. No, sir,
I'll be if I will prosecute him." With
this ejaculation Mr. Garnlss' fist came
down upon his desk with destructive force
and he referred the settlement to the peo
ple of the bank.
When told what Garniss had said In
regard to a prosecution President Fret
well escaped with a mention of the name
of the bank's attorney, R. T. Harding.
"A settlement has been suggested by
Mr. Costello. Borlini's attorney, said At
torney Harding, "but It Is too small to
even consider it. The bank officials are
much Incensed over this defalcation and
are determined to force the matter to th •
end. As yet no offer has been' made which
will be accepted. I have been told that
Borlini might have received the financial
succor of many friends had it not been
for his recent marriage with the shadow
of a defalcation hanging over him. No,
I think the most stringent methods will
be pursued and Mr. Borlini may have to
meet a criminal trial."
By those who are directing the move
ment of things it is Rbserted that all ac
tion is deferred until the New York office
of the surety company is heard from. In
the meantime Borlini is tracked by a de
tective, who keeps a vigilant eye up>>n h!~
pormin. His wlf~ i* W j t h her mother In
Oakland, refusing to be seen or Inter
viewed. Mrs. Olceso said last night that
there might b« something to say in the
near future but at present all explana
tions and statements should come from
the husband.
Friend* of both the young bride and her
husband say the honeymoon was none too
ait and that It was marred by many
wordy auarrels. Ka abort as the married
life of the Borlini' has been, many differ
ences had sprung up between them, th
culmination coming with the discovery of
the defalcation.
he undertook to drown his grief In the
Bowing bowl and returned home about
noontime almost crazed from th«
liquor he had consumed. His wife did
not Interfere with him. When she en
tered the front room when he was
sitting about 1 o'clock he attacked
her, threatening to end the earthly
troubles of both.
Mrs. Devlne rushed from the house
and hurried up the street to again
seek the assistance of Officer Fraher.
Bhe met the officer about a. block
from the house. After hearing her
story the officer started for the De
vine residence in the capacity of
pf-acmaker. He had walked but a
tepfl when he noticed a crowd In
front of the place, and rushing up
found Devlne on the sidewalk with
his h^ad crushed to a pulp. The man
had opened the window after hiß wife
had made her escape and deliberately
plunged onto the sidewalk. He died
in the patrol wagon on his way to the
Receiving Hospital.
Devlne was a Grand Army veteran,
and besides his widow left two grown
sons and a dauphter. He was sixty
six years of age.
TWO FAVORITES LOSE.
Fred PeTkins* Form Reversal at New
Orleans to Be Investigated.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 27.— Pierces fall
from Fred Perkins In the third race, and
Boland's weak finish on Hlmtlne were the
causes of the defeats of the two favorites
beaten to-day. Pierce ' was suspended
pending an investigation of the running
of Fred Perkins. The last time out the
horse's performance was discreditable.
To-day he led by fifteen length* at the
last Jump and would have won. The
weather was fine and the track heavy.
Results:
Seven furlong*, celling- -Dr. Walmsley won.
Brown Vail second. Colonel Cacsldy third.
Time. 1:22.
One mile, selling— Tom Gllmore ■won, Indian
second. Falsehood third. Time. 1:46.
Steeplechase. Fhort course— Urakeman won,
Van Brunt second. Three Forks third. Time,
3:2v>4.
Six furlongs, handicap— Gold dOr won. Hlm
tlne second. Compensation third. Time, 1:16^:.
Mil.- and twenty yard*. selling— Elkln won.
Prince of Orange second, Yut Dam third.
Time, 1:50.
OLYMPICS AT HOME.
.
Clubrooms Thrown Open to Their
Lady Friends.*
The Olympic Club members were at
home last night to all of their lady
friends, who were Invited in to witness
the usual Wednesday "class night" and
partake of the holiday cheer of the club.
Every hallway and room of the big build
ing was gay with tasteful Christmas dec
orations and an excellent orchestra was
stationed In a bower of potted plants and
trailing .-mllax near the gymnasium. The
affair was informal in the extreme, so
much so that BO regular announcements
were sent out and the attendance was' in
consequence not as large as it would
otherwise have been. T^ose who came,
however, were royally entertained and
treated to an excellent performance In the
"gym. * ___________^
KENTUCKY LOTTERY.
Montreal. December 27.— regular monthly
drawing of the Canadian Royal Art Union for
December, by which the winning numbers of
the Kentucky Lottery are decided, was held
here to-day. The flr*t «lx prize* are: 53.240,
$13. OX): 36.606, 14000; 63.640. $1000: 53.187. HOW;
&S.BU. 1500: 67.790. 1500. •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
PASTORALS OF THE ELIZBETHAN AGE.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES .IIN SHAKESPEARE.
Contributors to this cmine: Dr. Edward l Dow Jen. Dr. William J Rolfe Dr Hslffflton •
W. Mable. Dr. Albert S. Cook. Dr. Hiram Corson. Dr. Isaac N L>ercm l jn. Dr. VkU D
Scuaier and others.
VIIL AS YOU LIKE IT.
(Concluded.)
"As You Like It" and English Pas
torals.
Who can resist the charm of the for<»?»
Of Arden? Once in Its fair shelter the
wistful Rosalind may well forget her
haste to find her exiled father and de
light herself In leisurely dallying with
lover's melancholy and sweet Jesting un
der the cool. wide-Epreading shade. Even
the wickedness of Oliver rests not heav
ily upon our hearts and we accept with
ridiculous complacency his sudden con
version and his marriage with pretty Cc-
Ha. Jn the world we might question and
grumble, but here in the woodland black
hearts may become white as easily as a
sunny day shakes off a shower. The vtry
cynicism of Jaques has no sting; It serves
to enhance by contrast the bright peace
fulness of our chosen home:
Who doth ambition shun.
And loves to live 1' the tun.
Seeking the food he eats.
And pleased with what he Rets,
Come hither, come hither, come hither:
Here shall he »«e
No enemy
But winter and rough wenth»r.
But Arc'en charms us chiefly because
we do not believe in Its existence. It v*
a dream forest only, no rough country of
experience, and tli- actors re playing
merely at forester life, at shepherding, at
the practice of the Joys of homely free
dom. Soon the pretty masquerade will be
over; the Duke and his followers will
dress no longer In hunter's green. But
when they return to the court our Inter
est In them will flag and Rosalind and Or
lando keeping their state as Princej will
be less winning to us than when they fol
lowed the gay whimsies of the woods.
Shakespeare In "As You Like It" pro
duced the glorification of the artificial
pastoral. Ho did not Invent this dellgnt-
London In Shakespeare's Time, Showing the Globe
Theater In the Foreground.
ful Idea, which shows us the privileged
ones of the earth, the witty, the courtly, f
the beautiful, escaping the restraints of
their privileges and toying with the I
pleasures cf rustic life; all around Mm
he found this same conception, expressed
In manifold literary forma. In drama,
in romance. in lyric. This very play of
"As You Like It" Is founded on a pas
toral romance by Lodge, -called "Rosa
lynde." An abundant pastoral literature
began to nourish in the sixteenth cen- i
tury, when the Instinct for frolic was :
strong In the young nation and joy of
life was keen; It continued till the century
of Pope, when it died out in pure Ins'p
ldlty, subdued to tediousness by a formal
period which forced a code of narrow
proprieties even on shepherd's pranks.
Many a reader still loves to exchange
quips with Rosalind or to watch exquisite
Perdlta of the "Winter's Tale" among
her iwen and her sheep; few know this
wider world of pastoral— a world less
wonderful, perhaps, than that of the
great Master, yet full of fragrant charm
and of melodious laughter. This ignorance
seems a pity; for we have In the serious
literature of the Anglo-Saxon race little
enough which expresses, like these pes
torals. pure ecstacy of Joyous grace. We
do not write pastorals any longer; per
haps we shall never write them again. We
point out, with Hardy or Hamltn Gar
land, the grim reality of the lives of the
toiling poor; we study agricultural condi
tions. The singing shepherd of old Greece
and Morrie England, with his gay gar
ments. Is replaced by Millet's "Man With ,
the Hoe," from whose soul no music
rises. All the more reason, rerhaps, why !
we should not forget this walled gar:, i.
of delights which our poet fathers plant
fed for our Joy.
Perhaps the most beautiful pastoral !
dramas In English, out of Shakespeare, '
are Peole's "Arraignment of Parts. ' act- I
ed at court by the children of the Queen's
chapel, probably In 1581; Ben Jonson's I
"Sad Shepherd." left unfinished at the '
poet's death, and Fletcher's enchanting !
lyrical drama, "The Faithful Shepherd- !
ess written about 160 S. The most mem- I
orable pastoral romance Is Sir Philip Sid- '
ney's "Arcadia." a wonderful piece of j
poetic prose, full of heroic Ideals and j
lovely pictures. As for the lyrics, they
bubble up all through the Elizabethan
country, clearest little fonts of sparkling
beauty:
Phllllda— Corydon. arlM, my Corydon.
Titan shlneth clear.
Corydon— Who Is It that calleth Corydon,
Who Is It that I hear?
Philllda-l'hllllfla. thy true love, calleth the*.
Arise then, arise then,
Arl*e and keep thy flock with m«.
Corydon— Phllllda. my true love. Is It she?
I come then. i eons then.
I come and keep my flock with thee.
Phlllt'la— Here are cherries ripe, my Corydon;
Eat them for my sake.
Corydon— Here's myoaten pipe, my lovely one,
Sport for thee to make.
Phllllda— Here are threads, my true love fln«
as silk.
To knit thee, to knit thee.
A pair of stockings white as milk.
i Corydon— Here are reeds, my true love, fine and
neat.
To ike thee, to make thee.
A bonnet to withstand the heat.
Phllllda— Yonder comes m> mother. Corydon.
Whither shall I fly?
Corrd X'nder yonder beech, my lovely one, '
TIM she parses by.
Phllllda— Say to her thy true love was not here;
Kcmember. 'remember.
To-morrow Is another day.
Corydon- Poubt me not. my true love; do not
fear:
Farewell then, farewell then:
Heaven . keep our loves alway.
Corydon has a Greek name, and he and
Phlllida recall the origin of the pastoral
In the ancient days when Theocritus
watched his shepherds by the blue Si
cilian seas. Traces of classic tradition, of
brighter skies and fairer- landscapes than
those of the northlands pervade our pas
torals from first to last. Through France,
through Italy, through Spain, moreover,
the dainty pastoral spirit has passed be
fore he came to England, and distinc
tive melodies from all these lands blend I
In the music of his oaten pipes. He is |
thus no simple hind when he comes to ;
sojourn In the bright Elizabethan court.
Every now and then, indeed, as In the
work of Breton and Campion, the English
pastorals have pretty touches of local
color:
Jack and Joan they think no 111.
But loving live, and merry still;
Do their weekdays' work and pray
Devoutly on the holy day.
Tib Is all the father* joy.
And little Tom the mother's boy;
All their pleasure It content.
And care, to pay their yearly rent.
But. on the whole. It in not England
that we see; It Is a land of fantasy, where
daisies without surprise find themselves
blossoming beside «trange flowers from
the world of the past, and Dlggon hob
nobs* cheerfully with Damoetos. The real
life of the country, In all these pastorals,
Is looked at from very far away. The
lads and lassies spend their time In sing
ing to their sheep, not in pasturing them.
and even the silliest lambs would not be
so Inconsiderate as to stay away wbllo
love-making was In progress.
Often, as In the sixth book of the
"Faerie Queene" and the "Arcadia," the
shepherds are but knights and prince* in
disguise, and even when supposed to bo
of rustic birth they have [earned their
manners at court. ' Certainly they »eem
all the prettier, these manners, when dls
gulxed under a coat of humtipun or a
klrtle of • green; yet every row and then
the modern reader rubs his eye* and a*U3
himseir why he does not feel Impatience,
why he tolerates to linger In this artirlclal
and rantastic land. The reason la tha
.-.inu that made Ko«allnd linger In Arden.
and the old duke return, one feels, with
some reluctance, to the care* of an actual
realm. For here wo may enjoy a world of
exquisite breeding without formalltlea. lb«
fruits of civilization without its pains.
Who would not sacrifice much. If ho
might, to reach this Impossible region? No
wonder strikes us when, as often happen*.
In the "Faithful Shepherdess"' or the "Ar
raignment of Paris." or elsewhere,
nymphs and satyrs, or even the Olympian
gods themselves, leave their glories to
join the shepherds' dance and play.
Yet. lovely as was this pastoral realm,
men turned away from It. They took to
reeling the pathos and beauty of real
shepherd life, as Wordsworth tells us In
'•The Prelude." and describing it for v*.
as he does In that noble and simple poem,
his "Michael." By and by they took to
writing realistic novels. And even to-day,
when we turn to the pastorals for relief
and escape, amunr all pastoral writer*
we count Shakespeare as the dearest ami
highest. For lie gave us pure poetry and
perfect grace, and the ecstasy of simplici
ty and of freedom: but through all this
gay loveliness of life disguised, he showed
us life Itself.
Wellesley College.
Pastorals of the Elizbethan Age.
In the Elizhethan age pastorallsm en
listed all kinds of champions and scored
all kinds of suc
cesses. It Is not
strange, then. that
Shakespeare should
have tried his hand
at this form of
popular literature.
S> successful was h
that to this pastorat
comedy. "As You
Like It." has been
ascribed the- first
place by nlmost all
the doyens of
Shakespeureun criti
cism, rastorallsm
had tried so many
roles that It was
bound to succeed la
one. But, to speak
correctly, pastoral-
Ism was not a liter
ary form; It was a
poetical mode.
Whether In verse or
prose. It adopted a
form which should
be described by tho
usual literary no
menclature as dra-
matlcal, lyrical, *>!••
. glacal or romantlc.il. With it Spenser
j portrayed the bucolic scenes of his "Shep
herd Calendar," Sidney his adventurous
; and courtly "Arcadia." Lodge his rustic
; and romantic story of Rosalind. Lyly hU
euphulstlc and mythological Gallatlua.
Barnfleld his h« ml-< l*.^- 1. -.i l . «rotlc sonnet
cycle, and many other productions.
Admirably did the pastoral lend itself
to the drama. ; Was It not a dramatic
thing to &«•■• a princess tripping in shep-
I herdesq, attire along the sunny itlope of
: the hillside or In the gloom of the forest?
, Could anything be more entertaining than
to hear the gallant courtier discuss in
euphuistlc fashion the merits of pastoral
life or rural liberty? Amid such a setting
the most compromising situations, th«»
most treasonable speeches became harm
less Innocence In the dramatist's creation.
, To him It wad the liberty of tho pre».-<;
to his audience It was the familiar ami
pleasing allegory combining realljzn an-l
Idealism. To the- average Ellzbcthuu
rallsra was, moreover, ■ mode of
naturalism.
I Pastorallsm being essentially dramatic,
the drama made use of It from the very
earliest times. The miracle* and mys
teries sometimes represented Cain as a
typical boorish shepherd, and later m
moralities and Interludes never refus«tj
the valuable aid of pastorallsm. The un
dent myth of Robin Hood and his Jolly
outlaws, under the greenwood tree ol
Sherwood forest, entered Into many a
dramatic production and lent a truo fclne
i lish aspect to the exotic tendencies of tho
• renaissance pustorals. Lyly and Greeno
| both admitted pastoral scenes Into their
! dramas, the former depleting a pscurto
! cla.«*lc type of shepherd and uhepherdes*.
while the latter gives Bturtlln*ly vivid
pictures of real English country life. Both
I were preparing the way for tho treat
| artist of pastorallsm.
• • •
The commentators have tarried longest
| with the melancholy Jaques. Every wood.
I should have Us hermit. But such ■ her
! mlt, so melancholy, bo philosophical, so
| humorously sad and so egotistical! It Id
j said that actors lovo to play this part.
I It gives them a chance to sneer at th»»
i world. And what an opportunity It la oa
| the stage to tell the world that
All the world's a stage.
And all the men and women n.erely players;
They have their exlu and their entrance.
And one man in hit time plays many P*xtj,
' Ills acts being seven ages.
The description of these seven ages Id
picturesque— you should see the man's
acts as retold In the artistic coloring of
.stained glass along tho staircase of the
Shakespeare memorial In Stratford to
realize how picturesque. But Jaques'
melancholy, like bis name. Is an unsolved
problem. He confesses: "It Is a melan
choly of mine own, compounded of many
simples, extracted from many objecid
and Indeed the sundry contemplation o£
my travel, which, by often rumination,
wraps me In a most humorous sadness."
Here wan a man brought nearer to na
! ture' a heart. ll* was a sort of forerun-
I ncr of Jean Jacques Rousseau, a senti
mental advocate of naturalism. The Ufa
of our Jarjiu-s is ted In close communion
with nature, but after II had been sur
feited with th- artificial life of the so
called social world. Jaques had sought
i the sequestration of the forest to nurs<»
his sentimental thoughts, to observe, to
weep and to cherish his scorn of the out
side world. In these Arcadian vales ha
, found room for sad humor, for his bitter
observations; in spite of his peaceful sur
roundings his heart »a» eaten with mel
ancholy and he railed "against our mis
tress, the world, and oil our misery." To
all the others Arden was a place or refugo
from a world of misery, but for Jaques
It was an observatory from which he
loved to watch tho misery of the world;
to the. others Arden was a hospital where
their sorrows were being healed, to Jaques
It was a dissecting room where ho could
hold an autopsy on his own heart. Ar
cadia then Is in the heart, like the king
dom of heaven. Th« fool wuj right.
j Shakespeare had a reason to keep the fool,
I but he could never have dispensed with
Jaques. All men then would have been
. searching for Arden The critics would
1 have found In It a Shakespeare of Meal-
Ism. Jaques and Audrey are th« fruits
of it. One Is the bitter, the other tho
sweet, at least the potentiality of sweet
ness. Melancholy and Love might have
gone hand In hand through the forrst of
Arden. but Humor Joined their company
and made the play a comedy.
T'niverstty of Minnesota.
Grand Army Election.
Liberty Post cf the Grand Army of ths
• cted the following as Ita
officer :. suing term: A
commander. %\ illiam I!
comnvnu.-r. J . 'I • ■ ; •
Btander; B. M I'arT. onri
Smith, surgeon; J Mi r»->nald. cha
8. Moore, officer of the day: U
officer or the guard, and M*. C. <;.
and J. Toohey. delegates to the Bute Ka<
campmecu
78
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
■ THE
Exchange as before. Silver firmer.
Wheat quiet, with an improvement in futures.
Barley, Rye and Com dull. Oats firmly held.
}{a\ avd Fccdstiiffs OS previously quoted.
Nothing netu in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes and Onions .quiet.
idy.
the cold weather.
> ttk some fluctuation.
Clwters
7h* V.auna a:* loads merchandise for Hono
lulu.
The Blkh loads &our at Taooma for China
and Japan.
The bkaxlt loads lumber at Port Gamble !
lor JloaoluTu; Theobald, coal at D«>arture Kaj
fir this port.
. c cf the Wall Street Panic.
The New Tcrk circular of Her.ry Clew* says:
"Wa!s street has received a severe thock dur- I
Irq th« past »flk, the direct consequence of j
an overproduction of Industrials and tisht |
money. It was a surprl»« chliSy because of
the time cf occurrence. A collapse '.the j
t . ■ ...1.:: r> in Induf trials has lung been ex.- ,
j*ct»-J; but Csiuj)*<" allvc l>' ttW people rhared J
ulth me tn the often oulrpokcn belief during
Ibe pant f!x months ihut it <-.juld happen while J
the couiitry «v on the high road of pron-
I'crny.
"II Is hardly necessary to remlud our cus
tomers cf the caus-s of this break. For two
>ears. and cjijH-.-lully In ISW. we have been
iiwsttrn many new :;• : .1: •■ ..:• with enormous
un.tiurits cf f>erurltles of .:■*•■■!• 1 merit and
entailing a danger* >ug amount of water. The
Jact that many of thene new creations were
rimt'ly coti.-xiilJated uflalrs. ana that great |
ln-oj-pcrJty was louring extraordinary protits
oould »J"t conceal ttir tlungerous extent to |
vhl.h they were. Inflated, an" extent which in |
ordinary perlo'ii. would have brought an earlier j
and much more »tv«-re col lap**. The financing .
of •:■!•■ great combinations and the floating j
«f their bvcurltlc-s n>-. ••M-arlly locked up laixc ;
•uina cf money, especially as the public Ul>l ,
not absorb them do Irctily us expected, *n<l '
therein is the aafrty lv the present situation, j
Hu lung v* nancy raits continued euby and ;
1 .■.:.■.-.- good It wan comparatlveF)' plain tall- >
Ing; and. had thrse conditions continued. It
1* quite likely thut .< •• should huve > ■ :i been 1
j.reclpltated tnto a Mote of wild bullish epecu- ]
latioti. followed by a uiueh Worse collaj »o than ,
wit netted ...■ : w«<-k. By a rll'.gular comblna- i
Uoa ot good and bad conditions a very whole
1 ■' duck ha* been .;.:.•.; to tills tVc.U- [
latlvc undent y. and there is little prospect of j
Milng It renewed upon the former bcale.
'A» stated la our previous advices tight
mouey wan the lumrumcnt by which th>-se
»ix-culatlous were held In check. The higher
ratea for naaney, induced by the activity of all
1 -..:.■-> of tiaje and industry, could only Imj
!•►..:■■; with •..'..-:.!■ v :i. und It is worth
while emphasizing Lh« fact that good mercan
tile : r-. .w :.- have found no dlrHculty what
c\er In »ci urlnK the accommodation they need
ed on a t>S]7 per cent bails. It was the •; ■•■ j
lutlve borroweis, particularly th>u>c carrying
inflated Industrials, that met with discrimina
tion; und the day of reckoning wan simply
battened by the heavy absorption of funds
by the treasury as well as the efforts of the
great banks of 1...r ■ ; ■• to replenish thetr gold
re>»rAes. Sccrrtar}' Gage ma4e nn-nuous ef
l'.rif to counteract the effects of the treasury
:n th» n.uney market, but they have only be< - n
j .nt'.ally succe»^ful. Gold is beginning to go
oulwaid more freely, probably about i. .<•'■,<".•
leaving this track, but this need cau*a no
> . ■ >.'.al alarm. \' - ha\e a plentiful supply of
i .: here an 3 the world's output this year
via In all t>rt tiallllty be :-.rf.-r than last year
In splto of tho tem;>orary niopjiHge of the
Tratikvoal production. All that we send to
1. :.". -l will ::::;'> go »..• :c 11 Is BMMt needed
and do the noil good.
ts height Vhe cl»ar
»
1 - liape The latter should be
■ \»e fairly get into the new
Weather Report.
OTJth MMI Pariflc Time.)
SAX mANCISCO. Dec. :;— 5 p. m.
T* t f .:.' ■tag are th» seasonal rainfall* to
<!•»«. aj compared with those of saxaa data
lent i"m. arid rainfall* in the last tweaty-
I -r hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hour*. Beason. Season.
Eureka 0.00 r5.55 lO.c:
Jted IJluff 0.00 5.76 S.*>3
fcurrsJiiento 0 00 8.5* 3.5<1
Fan Francisco . 0.(4 I.CT 3.S>»
Krr«no 0.00 4.41 1.92
1-. • ; ':.*■ :. • 0.00 l.Ct 0.61
Fan I. • • • ■; ■; j : -> 1 : < l.Ji
ls>u .\- „•.>.• C -•' 5.34 0.30
Han VAcgo 0.01 1.64 1.09
Yuma O.CK) CIS 1.31
* San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
ii: minimum, SI; moan. SL
WEATHKK CONHITIONS AND GENERAL.
FOIIECAST.
The pressure ha* r!»en during the past twen
ty-four hours over Montana und the Pakotas.
It ha« fallen alor.r the coatt of <"»ren.>n «nd
V«shlnnt< n. An ar<'a of hlKh pressure over
: '■ !'.■ Uorky Mountain r*-Ki<Mi, «•■■! has beer
reinforced by another hlKh j-re»sure over A*
tintbola. There are borne indications that
ii low area ••.<;■ a]>pear ott t! ■• Orogun ccast
Thursday.
The temperuture has faJ.--: Kllehtly oa the
C"»Ft of <-»41forala.
In the treat valleys the temperatures con
tinue from 10 to V> orfrces below the normal,
i ::.;..:.;•'. with den»e tule : -p. From sun
ri»e to sunnet In th<> San Joiquln and S«cra
rnmto valleys the temj>erature has varied but
a f«W degree*.
Fore<-a« made ot Fan Franrlnco for thirty
hours cndln* midnight, December IS:
Northern California— Cloudy Thursday; con
tinued corl wiather. with denM foe In the lc>w
land*: llcht »outhen»terly windK.
Southern California— Fair Thursday: north
erly wind* In the Interior; westerly winds on
the coa*t.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday; continued cold
wmther.
Utah— Fair Thursday: colder.
Artrona— Fair Thursday; colder.
Baa Frandseo and vicinity — Cloudy Thursday;
rrintinued cold weather; lltht northerly, chanc
ing to southeasterly winds.
AUnXANDim O. McADIE.
Forecost Official.
Forecast of ]\ r eathcr for January.
THJ" KORTII PACIFIC OCF.AN.
In the Middle North I'aelfle Ocean the aver
sure norm track fnr January 1s considerably
»nuth of that for r>«<-*ni»>er, and the area of
frequent rales may be expe<'t.»d to extend as
Jnw i.? th»- thirtieth parallel and reach across
the entire ocetn. North of the fortl^lh par
•.'''', across the entire or»*»n. iunl north of
the thirty-fifth parallel. In the wertorn part
at the ocean, these (ales may ltv<juently be
sjeooinpanlM by hail or m ir-. 1 turlne this
month dangerous inle« frequently visit that
jart of th*" oceas* Immediately to the w<>Mward
cf Vancouver Island and the coa*i o( Wash-
Ington and nirthrrn part of Oregon, this local
ity belr4C the rej;irin arross whlrh the xtorms
from the Northern Pacific <Wo?i mn»t fr«>
cjuently pass upon entertng ««n the American
n*M. In the small nren lnrluded lietween
latitude 4i dejjrocs north ar.d M decrees nonJi,
lind lonßltude lli deKrees wr« ard 131 d^pnv-s
wM, fur the month of January, covering •«
jwriod of ten y«-ar*. one-fourth of the ol.nrvo
i •■: ► rave a force of wind 7 an<l atxive (IVau
furt scale). Fre*j»ient hgu«!l» jn the -vuinUy
tif the l'hlllrplne Inlands and orcnxtonal Mjualln
tn the vicinity of the Hawaiian Islands msy lie
tx rafted.
T\pbor,ns are usually Infroquent this month.
After rrorrinc the line oomlnK north vessels
Ivund for the »wt oimrt of America may ex
|><»ct frf-qurnt fq-jrillK. with oemsk'nal thunder
•turms. In pat>lnc thr'.m;h the doidrunis,
Occasional fou nnj heavy mist will j»i-obably
occur a!<nj|r the const at the Vnlte,l States.
The coa*tn of Ohtna and .1h; nu may be ex
vcrted to be comparatively free front fog- dur
ing this month.
EASTERN MARKETS.
■krt.
NEW YOniC. D*e. ?7.— The market for^~w«
curlties »hA«'M the riloct of the (real relief
felt by th* dissipation of ■evetml factors of
apprrhenslcn and prices mounted upward with
|i»en»a« ■ \ buoyancy as the day progrrFsed.
The market closed with a burst of animation
and rtrrngth at the tcp level of the day Net
gains la a number of Important railroad*
reached l points with a lons Hit of advances
of a point or better. Among the Industrials
and . . i- laities gains were even more striking.
quite a number having advanced from 4 to 10
i u.ti us a result of th« day's trading. Lie- <
mand ficni an outstanding short Interest to
cover accentuated the strength of the latter,
frroup, those which havo recently suffered most
showing the greatest benefits Irom the day's
buniness. Brooklyn Transit was almost a '
«olltary execution and was subject to vigorous
attacks all day In an effort to unsettle the '
market ana check the advance. But this stock. !
although ii ranged over more than 4 points.
cloeed ulth a net loss of only a point. The
leading influence In the improvement of senti
ment w«s the quiet and orderly manner In
which the periodical settlement on the London
Stock Exchange proceeded. Since the last s*t
t ;«■.-:.. 1 1 1 • n that exchange Great Britain had
••uffiTed their notable reverses to Us arms lv
Houth Africa. Its three columns of Invasion
have be.n jiuralyzed and as a result alarm
H>read thnjueli the financial center* ot the
wi: ;.- \■■ 1! Qrav« feurs were felt that the
resulting shrinkage In value* would prevent
many oj*Tutor» on the laihUou exchange fr>>m
inet-tlng their fiiKtiKi'ineiitß at the current set
tlement. The iiew'B this ii.orninK that no
acute aifHrultleb had developed, that money
conditions were eacy and prices liu-lineJ to ad- |
vance rathtr than to decline, brought immense
relief which whs promptly reflected at the
opening in an advance all vi :.*. the line. The
only notable check came with the neva of the
failure of a Boston Slock Exchange house, but
this inilueuct* was only temporary und slight.
The conditions In the money market were no
tably easy, und one of tin- lurxest individual |
money lemli-rs in the Ktrcet made large loans
t'> carry over until next Tuesday and at the
rate of 6 per Vent. The current rate ruled ■
from 4 to S jut cent. The close o? the year la
universally fxt*cted to terminate the per!'*l of
■even stringency un.l be followed by relaxa
tion owing to >'.i>\ i.i ■•;!.• :i\> of dividends and
Inter**: which will be on an unprecedented
scalo. There was s itne discussion of the prob- •
able amount of unld exports on Saturday.
These atx* not now expected to b« large owing
to the easier condition!; In the London money :
market. The buying to cover short contracts,
although It was a considerable element lv the \
u<lvance. was Itself induced by the very sub- I
tttuntlal character of the buying for long ac r j
count and the manifestly Fmall supply of float
ing !'.<•. kv The trHdltig did not -take on any
great ujiimatlon until near the clo^e and the i
Individ transactions w«-rc not on a large
ncale. In fact the number of ordered lots
traded in was. a feature of the day ad re
flected the Investment demand by buyers who
take stocks out uf the market to lock up aud .
keep.
Investment buying was In evidence also in
the l>onil market wherever the fall In prices
had offered opportunity to secure a fair re
turn on the money Invested. The bond market
was active and xtmng throughout. Total sales, '
par value, J2.3Cu.000.
United Stales new 48 declined '. In the bid
price. •
The rovernlr.g committee of the New York
Exchange refused to grant th<» petition of the
ir.emliers to close the exchange on Saturday,
December 30.
NEW YOB.X STOCK LIST.
.-:•.: Closing
SolJ. Bid.
<"."."• Atehison '•''•»
24.770 Atchlson prefd •' ■- -i
3.0:.0 Baltimore & Ohio 64
Canadian l'.u :!i: •■"
431 Canada Southern 49H
13.21S Ch.-*apeake & Ohio ti^.
J.l'4 Chicago Grent ' ■ stern II
20.7CS Chlcapj Burlington & . ■■<•>• 121 T »
Chic lnd & Louts 114
Chic Ind & I- uls i re* l 46
100 Chic I Fast Illinois K«\
1.000 Chicngj & Northwestern Ut>4
6.033 ChicnKO Hock Island & Pacific.. 106
2.C5 COCA St Louis f:* J i
9M Colorado - it hern 54
Sid Colorado Southern l»t prefd 40
Colorado Southern 21 prefd 15
:' ) Delaware .v Hudhon 1154
tluO Del Lack Ac Western l.^ A
500 Denver & H Q 17
«00 Denver & It G prefd 68 T .
Erie 11»*
230 Erie Ist rr»M Sl\
1.44 1 <;r.-at Northern prefd 16S'i
Mocking Coal 14
744 Hocking Valley 31%
<*■ Illinois Central 11" 4
lowa Central life
200 Ir.wa. Central prefd 454
100 Kans City Pitts & Gulf h
Luke Erie & Wesinn 21*!2 I *!
400 L X it Western rrefd SO
Lake Shore 250
7.300 Louisville «i N ishvllle 77H
I>.3X> Mnnhattan Elevated '.'l**
17/S2 Mt-tropolitan St lly 1704
2,'J00 Mexican «>ntral 10%
1.400 Minn A ?t I--<ll« C:!^
3i"o Minn a.- Bt i. prefd 434
€.FTO Missouri Paciflc 2'Jhi
:«0 M.iblle & Ohio 40
l,t«>*> Missouri Kans & Texas K'Vt
1,050 m X A: Texas prefd .*:•
4".0 N--w Jerc-y t'entral lICJ^
5.L-.-J New Yoik Cet.tral 120* i
6,275 Norfolk & We«tern .... 2.1S
3.1« m Norfolk & Western prel fit';
10.420 Northern Pacitlc 13%
3.1 K. Northern Pncitlc rref 1 -:<\
3.H3 Ontario & Western 2i\
Orepi.n Hallway & Nay 4J
Or Ry .i. N.iv prefd '■>'■
5.3C7 Pentitylvanta l--''i
«.i4O Iten.ilng 17»*
10. t'"J Heuillnß l«t prefd 4>\
2,€00 Heading 2.1 prefd 27
Ul'i Grande Western 35
Klo Gran«l«" Wej-tern prefd SO
tCO Et Louis ASF - tt-%
Xt I^oul* A S F Ist prvfrt «5
63S St I/nuls A S F M prefd Z\K
friO St Louis Southweßtern Id*
2. 0S St Ijouls Southwestern prefd 23'»
14.C20 St Paul us*
100 St Paul pref.J 17U
10fl st Paul &- Omaha lU<4
2S.llf> Southern Pacific itiU
1.2.M) Southern Railway H* 8
4.910 Southern Hallway pr»fd f.34
1.400 Texas & Pacific US
«&.4r-2 Union Pacific 47
10.2 M Union Pat-lJlc prefd 754
a-ft Wabash 74
1.4/0 \Valia»h pn>fd 2v\
iM Whi^ilnK & L E K4
2.110 \Vhe*li"g A L H 2d prrfd 23'»
tOO Wlfcnimln Central ICU
Express Companies—
Adam* 11l
American no
Vnlted State* 4S
Wells-Farni 120
Miscellaneous —
1.000 American Cotton Oil 34«;
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 92
American Malting 7
100 American Malting prefd 29
3.2"j American Smelting I Iteflnlnic.. .V.4
417 American -..;•:. prefd.. U
American Spirit* 3*4
American Spirit* prrfd 17
1.2:0 American steel Hoop 401.4
American Steel Hocp prefd 77
17.C0 American Steel & Wire 4«4
filO Amerlcrn Steel A Wire prefd RJ.U
1.475 American Tin Plato 27
4<vt American Tin Plate prefd 78
r.l'.r'.i American Tobacco «•««,
1.2."^> Amtricnn Tntmcco prefd lie
"Z.yzi Anaconda Mining Co 3>'.
4.U0 Brooklyn Hnpld Transit CS4
B,tM Colorado Fuel & Iron 4(C
2,47."> »*ontlnenta.l Tobacco 31
21.120 Contlnentnl Tobacco pr»>fd *3
S,".'<o Federal Stoel roy;
l.SJ'i Ffdrral Ste.-l prefd 72?,
KJ3 General Klectrlc 120
Glucose Suirar 4514
2,3i>0 <;iucoj«* Sugar prefd jn
220 International Paper 22
International PajK-r prefd C 7
Larlede <:.i.> 7*
S*> National lUscuit SJ-;
ISS National 1:. .-■■ -.ill prrfd MU
1.070 National J»-.vl :;,
N.ii: n.-i! l^rail prrfd jr;
I.CoO National St«-W 41
Nntlon.il Steel : refd |]
I.CIO New Y.nlt Air Brake i"*
1.610 North American uft
Pacitlc i.'iian 4',i
Paciflc Coast Ist prffd '. rV
Pacific Const Zil prefd is,
e.«w Pacfnc M:iii "■ rtK
u.Tvfi peopie-s Gas ; :::'i<r«4
1.1-^j I'rr^w.l Sf-cl Car h*
6U) Prrscs.-d Ktet-I Car prefd ;;,* y
Pullman Palace Car "lsJ
Stan.lnr.l Ilojie & Twine 19
CT..175 Susar ""i»riii
6.140 Sut;ar prefd YStZI
6,m» T^nneiiiM-^ Cnal A. Ir*>n •--•■••• •••
11.7C5 United States Leather :: .' 141*
2.145 United States leather prefd "* •' -.^
ISO United Stales Rubber .... 40 4
775 J'nltrd Stale* Uubtur prefd. ..'.'.'.'." \w 1
1.542 Western Union «
1.470 IlrpuMlc Ir.n & Steel V-!"
-tK Hepubllc Iron A Steel prel'd!!'.!".!;' fiuj
I *■' <- A St Louis 721^
I CCI.MO Shares sold.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUKSPAY. DECEMBER 28, 1899.
CI/>SING BONDS.
U S 2s rec 102 |N j C sen 5a 119
Do as res..: llO'ilNo Carolina Ga....127
Do 3s coup Hf)i»j Do ■•» i'J7
Do lew 434 3 rej?...124> 4 'No Pacific 15U....110
I>o new 4s coup.. 134 Do 3* 644
Do -■!•! 4- R«....U4U Do 4s 102»» I
Do old 4S4 S coup... 1154 iK YC& St L 45.. 104.,
Do 6s reg 11341N & \V con 48 89
Do r, I coup 1134 Do sen 6s 1:3
Dist of Col 3.65b...1?l Or Nay lFta 10S
Atehlson iron 45... •: Do 4? IWVi |
Do adj 4n Tsvi Or Short Line 65. .130
Canada So 2ds 107 ! Do con is lll*i '
Ches & Ohio 445.. »4V» Reading gen 4jj.... 86
Do 5s 114 It 0 \V lsts 96
C& N con U 140 SI Li 1 M can
Do S F deb 55. 116 ft L& B F gen U. 120 |
Chicago term 45... 914 St Paul cons .182
D & X G lsts 101»i St P C & 1* Utß..ll«i
Do 4s "•!'■- 11",
B T V £• G bit 5...103. ..103 Bo Railway ts ll>7i 4
Ert- BO 4l 63 Stand It & T fa... M
KW& D•• lsu... 7» Term new set I» .91
General Eiec 1a.. ..US (Texas A Pac is-.-.-ll)
V H & S A 6a 108 t Do Ml 64
Do Ms IDS I Union Pacific 45.. .1034
H 4; T C Si 109 V Wabash lsts ... 1124
Do con ii 110},! Do Ids BS*, i
lowa Cen lats 108 West Shore 4* 113 I
KCP & G 1«t5.... 68 Wls Cent Uts SBV» I
La new c-> 4s 1084, Va Centuries S4
L & N uai 4s 9S\i| Do deferred I
M X & T 2d* 6SU, Colo So 4s 83
Do 4« 89*4 So Pacific 4s 79
NYC lsts 11l [
MINING STOCKS.
Cholla* 20 Ontario 7 00 i
Crown Point i: Ophir 63
Con Cal & Va 1 30 Plymouth 08
Deadwood 46 Quicksilver 160
Oould 4; Curry 20! Do prefd 750
Hale & Norcross.. M Sierra Nevada. 17;
Homestaku 65 to ' Standard 115
Iron Silver 10 Union Con 21
Mexican 3.'. fellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific 46%
Call loans I'nlun Land 2*«.
Time loans WYst End 92
Stocks— : D prefd 112
Atch T £• St Fe... 19Vi Wisconsin Central. 164
Do prefd r?^ Dominion Coal 43
American Sugar... 130 I Do prefd 114 !
Do preld 1124 ! Minim Shares—
Bell Telephone 342 ;Adventure 64
Boston & Albany. .244 Allouez fin C 0.... 3
Boston Klevat«-«1... '.'7 Atlantic 23
Boston & Maine... 1M Boston & Mont 255
Chi P. A. Q i:iVi!lHitte & 80nt0n.... 42
Ed Kl*o 111 2')j ICalumet <it Hecla..7lo
Fltchburg prefd. ..lll [Centennial 154
General Electric. ..llH4 Franklin 33
Da i.!-fi k 135 Huroboldt 1
Federal Steel SO.i J Parrot 364
Ihj prefd 72 Qulncy 1374
Mexican Central. .. 19 St Fe Copper 4*i
Mich Tel. phone... H o Tamarack 165 :
Old C010ny...: 202 Inona 44 ,
Old Dominion K«£; Wolverines 37 *
Rubber W iUtah 264
A'rrt' York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. —Clone: Money on call
tteady at 4ffs per cent; last loan, 44 per cent.
Prime, mercantile paper. 6 per cent. Sterling
exchange firm, with actual business In bankers' :
bills at 14 87U04 R74 for demand and J4 Sl@
4 Sl»; for «lxty days. Postod rates. t( S2®
4 !>24 and U SS4. Commercial bills. |4 So^4 SI.
Silver certificates. SSU<3S3V4c. Bar silver. &SHc.
Mexican dollars. 47 v ;c. Government tjonda,
weak; State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds,
strong.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec 27— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: - oil
able cash balances, |2?5.:54,365; gold reserve
?:J3,9?5.<£5.
London Market.
NEW TORK, Dec. 27.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram say*:
The markets here were better all round to
day. The settlement Bhowed an open account
under *xi*ctatlons. and money wan obtained
more easily than was thousht likely. The
Scotch banks called In loans, but other banks
Unt •<.-!>■ at 6<*<iJ7 Mr cent. The arrival of
£70C,000 American «-md coin and £3.1.000 In
bars helped the general cheerfulness, but there
was not much activity. Consols were up *i
of a point to Vs.
Americans began apprehensive, fearing the
banks would make the continuation difficult,
but finding thrse fears unfounded the mar
ket becatna buoyant. New York followed suit
and the clos* was at the top with substantial
: K'iin*. somewhat nominal, however, as it »a«
thought that a few determined sellers could
have broken the market. Union Pacific se
curities wore favorites on the annual report.
The contango rule was SgSVi. Spanish fours
were C2\.
Considerable Paris stock was continued In,
London and the rate went to 10 per cent.
TSntos were a%; Anacondas, 7 11-16; Utahs.
r. A vinos. 1. Boston. ?i. Money was in good
demand and bills were eteady.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dee. 27.— Canadian Pacific. >*>„;
Union Pacific preferred. 74: Northern Pacific
preferred. 74*;; At<hlson. 1»U; Grand Trunk.
, S's; Anaconda. "H: bar sliver, quiet. 26 15-lGd
per ounce.
New York drain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— FLOUH-Ilecelpts.
'5.675; . exi"orts, 32.75S barrels; rather steadier
and moderately active In ii Jobbing way at old
prices. Winter patents, $3 r..v.f3 75; do straits,
$3 3:.fi3 4.",; «!o extras. ?2 55<5[2 SO.
WHEAT Receipts. 6S.CSO bushels; exports.
15.153 bushels. Spot, firm. No. 2 red, 74Hc
f. o. b. nfloat; No. I Northern Duluth. 7>> : Sic
f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 1 hard Duluth.
S0"»c f. o. h. afloat !-i»'t; No. 2 red. 72\c eleva
tor. Options — Opened firm at Me advance and
■were well sustained .111 morning on a scattered
demand from shorts prompted by higher, cables
and bullish foreign crop news. Heac'tlng a
little from the top In the afternoon on the
Finall Increase In Brad?treet's world's stocks,
tho close was steady at 'i^'ic net advance.
January. 72% c. closed 72 T »c; March. 74T»Q'75c.
closed io'ic; May. 7i\ : ; „.-. closed 74'» c;
July. 75y7f.'ic, closed 7oc; December. 72fiQ72;»c,
closed 72*»c.
HOPS Quiet.
HIDES Firm.
WOOL— Dull, domestic f>«ee. 21®26c.
COKFlCE— Futures closed firm, price* net un
changed to ten points higher. Total sales IS.
0(K) bags. Including: January, $5 fcOffo 85"
March. 15 9jij6 05; May. $S \<Xti<> 15; July, $6 20;
September, |fi 2r."if6 30; October. -■ SO; Novem
ber. Jj 40. Spot coffee— Rio, steady: mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Haw, firm; renned, steady.
BUTTER Receipts, X*4 packages; firm.
Western creamery. UQ27HC; June creamery,
23'j254c; factory. 15^f2Oc.
KGGB— Receipts. 1^.T36: steady. Western un
graded at mark, 15920 c; tern.. 23c. loss off
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
There was a moderate demand noted for
evaporated apples, and, with country advices
more favorable, the market continue* firm
with no material change In prices. California
dried fruits, dull but steady.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-Common.
*'3G*i.e: prime. • 4 i7c; choice. 7?*@S>ic fancy.
■
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRTNICS 3 ! per
pound.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13{M5c; Moorpark. 15«l*c
PEACHES— PeeIed. 20tf22c; unpeeled. 7Htfl3e.
A 7 fit- York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Pee. 27.— The London tin mar
ket eloeed linn with spot at £105. while the
local market ruled unsettled and more or less
nominal as to prices. Spot was quoted at
$24 m and January and March at 123 4092 a CO.
Copper was quiet here and a shad* firmer In
I/ondon, where spot closed at £CS 11 and fu
ture* at I'd.
Lrad ruled «<lv. with. spelter quiet and
about steady In tone. Iron was dull and nom
inal locally, with futures eai«v. English mar
kets were quoted at 61s at Glasgow- and Mld
dleboro C3s 7>*<l. Tin plates were dull. Prices
w.-r ■ as follows:
COPPER— Lake, spot, $16 50; electrolytic
IMS: casting, *ie 124. * 7
PIC. TlN— Spot, $*4 to nominal.
TIN PLATES-U K.\
PIG LEAD— J4 70®4 73.
PIG [RON Warrant*. No. 2 nominal
SPELTKU— Spot. $4 57'4fr4 C2H\
Chicago Grain Market.
■ : +
CHICAGO. Dec. 27.— There was little anima
tion in the wheat pit to-day, but th- tone of
the market was firm. Liverpool wim the chief
J actor. That market showed an advance over
Friday and reported an upward tendency In the,
price*. • •■•• largely to an Increasing comninin
tlon ami the Kus*!an, Oermnn and French 1,..
portß of a lack or iinow protection acalnxt the
cold Wfuther. With thin array of lnfoimatlon
the bull* exhibited some confidence. May
r>i>ened Si-J^c over yesterday at WH*Jfc(i^c
Shorts Wfn» moderate tiuy«>rs and the market
advanced early to r.-<»«r. but eaoed off on sell.
Ins .met calls to «31%i)7«3Hc. Trade wan very
lUht. oonnned almont entirely to th» local pro
!«r:lm;.»l Held and nmtind the la«t-i;lve «i»"
tatlon clung throughout the s«»»1on, cloving
%G%c over yesterday at 6S«4©6SHc Brad- '
street's decrease In the visible of 733.000 bushels 1
was a steadying Influence late In the day.
Corn Wai easier, influenced by liberal re
ceipts. The market was a small one with
some changing from January to May and scat- '
tered selling by longs. May closed i-ic lower at
32*« c.
There was enough selling of May oats to
drag the price off a trifle. The market was
very quiet. .May closed »^,e depressed at 23Hc.
Provisions were firm, influenced by small re
ceipts of hogs at the Western markets and firm
prices at the yards. May pork closed 10C12V-C
over yesterday at $10 47-: May lard. 10@lIVic
better at to 80; May ribs. 10& 12>~c over yester
day at $:. 524.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 1—
December 6« 6SW, 68 C<
May 694 <-»»; K)\ 6S»H
Jul>' 6ST. 70»« 6'", 70
Corn No. "2—
December 304 304 30'; SO*;
January Ji", SO*, 30**, 30',
M ( n >' ,•■■■■••— 33 31 3:>«i 32?«.
Oats No. >—
December 224 "214 2* H
* la / • 23% 23! i 23H 23H
Mess pork, per barrel—
Jaiiuao 1 10 07', 10 224 10 074 10 174
May 10 40 10 65 10 374 10 47u
Lard, per 100 lbe—
January 5 50 .'.65 D 50 5 624
May 5 70 BIS 5 70 5 SO *
•Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 3 ■::•-. 535 6 274 535
May ■■• 5 471, 3:: 545 5 624
Cn!>h quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 61V,3G4c: No. 2 red,
C7UgC3c; No. 2 corn. 30»»'pSlr; No. 2 Oats ?2»;c-
No. 2 white. 2:.«254c; No. 3 white 14«4C24%c;
No. 2 rye. 63^55; No. 2 barley. 3S©lse; No. 1
flaxseed, $1 494; prime tjmothy seed, 12 35:
mess pork, per barrel. $S SO3IO 20; lard, per 100 I
pounds, 15 3Ct»'S 624: short ribs sides (loose). |
$5 20©5 45; dry salted shoulders (boxed). b\@ j
&4c; short clear sides (boxed), IS 5005 60;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon.
•1 234- :_—; >
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 6,000 S3 C*o
Wheat, bushels 69.000 15,000
Corn, bushels 891.000 156,000
Oats, bushels 261.000 245.000
Rye, bushels 7.000 2 000
Barley, bushels 122.000 CO.OOO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the but
ter market was firm. Creamery. l«S26c: dairy,
18#2lc. Cheese, firm, 12©12% c.
Foreign Futures.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 6 11 B 11
Closing ' 5 114 5 11<;
PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening is go 19 £0
Closing 18 90 19 65
Flour—
Opening 24 60 25 60
Closing 24 65 26 50
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— Special cable and tele
graphic communications to nradstre«»t's show
the following change* In available supplies as
Compared with the last accounts:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies. Increase. 1.647. bushels; Liver
pool Corn Trade News, afloat for and In Eu
r. pe decrease. 2,430,000; total supply, decrease,
753,000 bushels.
Corn. United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies. Increase, 673.000 bushels.
Oats. United State* and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease. I'Wi.OOQ bushels.
Among the more Important Increases reported.
not given in the official visible supply state
ment, are those of SM.OOO bushels at Northwest
ern Interior elevators and 217,000 bushels at
Louisville.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land. Or., and Tacoma and Seattle. Wash., In
creased 110.000 bushels last week.
Boston Wool Market.
nopTON. Dec. 27 —The American Wool and
. Reporter will say to-morrow:
The past week. Interrupted as It has been
by the holidays, has been naturally a very
quiet one In the wool trade. Prices are steady
and there are no weak spot* to he found as
far a* a very careful canvass of the situation '
reveals. The few wale* which have Iwen made |
have been generally at full prices. The trade
anticipate a high range of values for next
year, a* may be Indicated by the fact that
attempts are being made In several sections of
the West to contract for WOOI on the sheep's
back. Indications are that the entire .lip
for the year will be contracted for at an earlier
date than ever before. The nales of the week
in Boston amounted to 2.070.000 pounds domestic
and 250.000 pounds foreign, making a total of
2.350.00). against a total of 3.36^.Ofiti for the
previous year and a total of 3.795.000 for the
corresponding week last year. Sale* since Jan
uary 1. 1599. amount to 347.155.776 pounds,
against 141.132,510 pounds last year at this time.
Review of the Wool Market for the
Year.
BOSTON, Dec. 27— The American Cotton and
Wool }:••!> rter will publish to-morrow Its an
nual review of the wool market. It estimates
the total supply of wool in the United States
at the. "lose of the year, exclusive of manu
facturers' holdings, at 1T,7,3:'5.57» pounds,
against 3.^9.033.553 a year ago. Of this amount
Boston has 113.743 pounds, against 136.055.213
pounds a year ago. including wool in bond.
Exclusive of wool In bond Boston has an avail
able supply of 4L557.900 pounds, against 102,
010,179 last year. New York's total' available
supply is 25.200.055. against 42,074.451 pound*
last rear, Philadelphia has U.MI.IU against
24.384.650.
The total stock* in the three princlDal mar
kets cf the United States are 113, 2?5. 579 pounds,
agnlnst 2'>4,195,252 pounds a year aco.
The sales of wool In Boston during the year
have been 347.155.776 pounds, against 141.132.510
pounds In IS9S. Bales In the three principal
markets of it." United State* have amounted
to 514.947,920 pounds, against 230.45G,3!>5 pounds
last year.
The total wool clip of th* country' is placed
at Slightly less than 275.000.000 pound*, against
about ■ 0.000 last year. At the beginning
of the year the total available supply of the
country »'v about 340.OO0.O0") pounds. Impor
tations have beer, exceptionally small, those
at Boston being only 34.372.341 pounds, against
40.H23.043 last year The result Is that owing
to the phenomenally large demand for wool for
consumption, which has swept through all the
principal wool centers of the country, the total
available stock on hand at the close of th.
year has been reduced to a comparatively low'
point.
By far the greater portion of the wool this
year is now at the seaboard market*. A year
ago the supply was pretty evenly divided be
tween the Interior and the seaboard.
As the year closes the Mutation Is a strong
one. No relief practically has been obtained
from abroad. There is n scarcity of fine wools
th* world over, foreign markets have been
advancing by leaps and bounds, the Australian
clip, which again show* a material reduction,
has been eagerly bought by anxious users of
wool, the london markets have staadllv ad
vanced and tops on the Continent have risen
beyond all expectation. Foreign buyers have
been so anxious to secure supplies that they
have, taken a lame portion of the fine Aus
tralians, which had been here In bond, and
the beginning of the year 1900 witnesses a very
limited supply of foreign clothing wools here.
to draw upon.
While the present demand for wool Is not
as pronounced as It wan a few months aio
great expectations are entertained regarding
th« heavy-weight season, which I* now about
to open. Stocks on hand are not excessive. The
Roods must be made to supply the demand, and
this mean* a large consumption of wool.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Dee. 27.— CATTLE— Native steer*.
16025 c lower; Texans. 10c lower; Cow market
and canner* w.tik to 19c lower; good to choice
stockers and feeders strong; good to choice.
15 25©6 65; poor to medium. $4t?5 20; mixed '
stoekers. *•"<*«" «'V, selected feeders. 54 ZHQi 75:
koo<l to choice cow*. 13 40#4 40; heifers. $3«?
I 70; Tinners. $2tt3; bulls. 12 60^4 40; calves.
1407.25: fed Tejtas beeves. |4 1535 15.
HCMJS— Unevenly higher and lower, closing
Btronir. Good clearances. Mixed and butchers.
»'■!< 10; light. $3 Wsi 4 20; bulk of sales, $4 159
4 25. „
SMPFTP— to choice cheep and lambs
Rt*ad) others slow; fed Westerns firm to a
shade higher; native wethers, $4 25®4 90; lambs.
$4ilfi 90; Western wethers, $494 75; Western
lambs. $r. *O*3Z '.O.
Iterelpts— Cattle, " 18,500; hogs, 22.000; sheep,
ro.ooo.
Portland's- Business.
ri>!tTT.ANn. Or., Dec. -Clearing*. $323.-
Mi balances. US.2JS. •" >r
Northern IV heat Market.
OREGON.
IV>IITI«AND. Or.. Dec. Wheat— Walla
Walla. H; Valley. 5ie020; Bluestem. Me.
Cleared— Hark Secstem. for Queenstown, with
14,71] bushels wheat.
WAI HINOTON.
TACOMA. Dae. 27.— Wheat— No change; Club,
II; BlufUin. &oc.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Dec. 27.— Consols. 38 13-16; silver.
M II U'l. French rentes. 9Sf S7«4c; wheat car-
Koet off roust, buyers and sellers apart: cargoes
on pnsMist. nnmtnal, unchanged; Kngltsh cuun
tn* market*, linn.
LIVERPOOL, Dec 27.— Wheat, steady; wheat
In Purl*, firm; flour In Part*, firm.
>. "TTON— 4» 13-SM.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Stirling Exchange, sixty days.... — v KM
Sterling Exchange, night _ 4 BS»2
Sterling Cables... _ 4 834
New York Exchange, tight .....!] - mj
i-r we?w c?. rk l:xr nar.pe. telegraphic — 13
l-lne Silver, per ounce _ £S*i
Mexican Dollars _ ■ 4»£
Wheat ami Other Grains.
WHEAT— Futures did ■omewbal better, but
there was no chance on the snot.
Chicago was flrnwr on better foreign ad
vices. There were niorr buyers than sellers,
but the demand was moderate. The ra»h de
mund improved toward the close. Uroomnall
cabled that the world's shlpmentH were 30 p»r
cent under the average for the past seven
years, and this tended to strengthen Liverpool.
r spot Shipping. (7^«M\c; milling. »i
CALL BO.\m> SALES.
Informal sesalon-9:15 o'clock-May, 6000 ctls.
♦ 1 Gs'a,
Second session— No sales.
Regular morning wession— May— 6ooo ctls,
*l 05*,; 30.000, 11 00U. Deoember-CrjOO, |l
Afternoon sesHK>n—Muy-20u0 ctU, SI dJ%;
■ : 06%.
BARLEY— There Is nothing new to report,
the market being stagnant
Feed, RO7ZHC for No. 1 and 603«7U C for oft
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, 805»74c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sale*.
Second session— No sales.
Regular morning January— 2ooo ells,
71c. May— 2ooo. 72Vic: 2000, 73c.
Afternoon session— No tales.
OATS— The feeling Is firm enough, but the
demand Is slow. White. $1 IC®l 30; Red. II 074
01 20; Gray. »1 C7^Sl ITH; Black. 97Vjc©Sl 07*.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at $1 02UO
1 05 per ctl and Eastern Yellow at Jl 10.
RYE— 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— at $1 90S! 15 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. SI Mtl3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, S3 40*83 50; Oregon
and Washington. S3 40£3 50 per bbl for extra.
$3 2&Q3 40 for bakers' and 12 25®3 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, S3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal; $2 50;
Oat Groats, Si DO; Hominy. S3 2.V«i3 &0; Buck
wheat Flour. SI'S! 25: Cracked Wheat. S3 75:
Farina. S4 00; Whole- Wheat Flour. S3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels). J6-S7 25: in sacks. S5 75«7;
Pearl Barley. |5; Split Teas, $5; Green Peas,
$5 M per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
There is no change in anything under this
head. Hay continues slow.
BRAN— Kit U5" r>er ton.
MIDDLI.\uS— $17&2y per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley SIS 50317 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the ml!!. 126^27; Job
bing. 527 50©28; Cocoanut Cake. 520#21; Corn
meal. $2:: .V i 24 50: Cracked Corn. S24fc;j; Mixed
Feed, $16 .".'•.■ 17. Cottonseed Meal, S2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $7 CO<OS &0 for common to good !
and Jfi'TjO 50 for rholce: Wheat and Oat 1769;
Oat, $6 oO'.ib; Barley. S3**6 50- Alfalfa, «iii!» per
ton; Compressed, |7'ulo per ton.
STRAW— SS*<COc Der bale.
. Beans and Seeds.
The old prices rule.
BEANS Rayos, in 2J*?3 50; -mall White. S2 90
IJ2; large White, 12 < ft '; 2 50; Pinks, S2 Cs^2 75;
Red!«. M 2553 50; Blackeye. Jl Lu'tH 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima, $1 MO*; Pea, S3^3 25; Red Kid
ney*. 13 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Mustard. 3^3'^c; Yellow
Mustard. 48* 1 •,'■. Flax. |2 '.24: Canary. 3Uc per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
7&Se; Rape, . . [3c; Hemp, '*'tli\*c; Timothy,
•»&<'4C.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. SI 50&1 90; Green. SI 75
01 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Prices for everything stand about' the same.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. iO^93c; River Reds.
60tf70c; Burbanks, hC>'(jS'<c per sack: Salinas
Hurt. ink-. SIWI 25: Oregon Hurbanks. -»0'?(;$ l 10;
Sweet Potatoes, SI 2>?jl 50 for Mi reed,
ONIONS— SSo«SI 20 t«'r <-tl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Or^n Peas. 4f«6c per Ib;
String Beans. sfiSc: Cabbage. 4< v fesoc; Los An
geles Tomatoes, Jllit 25: Ebb Plant from Loa '
Angeles, 1J4«15c; Dried Okra. 12- - per Ib;
Oarlic, s®6^jc:Green Peppers fnim Los Angeles.
2(g*c; Dried Peppers. S®loc; Carrots, 30W40c per
sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash, Jl ■/ 1 25 per
box; Marrowfat Squash, $20*325 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market Is In better condition
than for some time. Rooster! an.l young stock
are higher, while Turkeys are scarce and in
good demand. There is not a great deal of.
Eastern on the market at the moment.
Gam« is about as before.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lSfflSc for Gob
blers and lOijlSi; for Hens; Dressed Turkeys. IS
021 c; Geese, per pair. SI 75^!: Goslings. SI 75
62; Ducks. Jl r.o-ii;. M for old ard $4 ;•• v.'> 50 ror
young; Hens, S3 :.o<i4 SO; Youne Roosters, %i 50
05: Old Roosters, S3 50£4: Fryers. $4 Broilers.
33 C.n-,/4 for large and S3 2:.<t/3 50 for small;
Pigeons, SI per dozen for old and S2'J 2 50 for
squabs.
GAME— Quail. SI 50^1 75; Mallard. S3 50tf4:
Canvasl k, S3ff4 60; Sprig. i. 60^3:. Teal, 52«3;
Widgeon, SI 50^2 25; Small Duck. SI 50; Doves.
75c i-er dozen; Hare. SI "'-lil 60; Rabbits, SI 73{J
2: Gray Geese. S3 60&4; White. $1 60; Brant.
SI Toy 50; Honkers. $.'■; English Snipe, $2 i>.J
3 per dozen; Jack Snipe. SI 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
California Eggs are scarce and still hither
Eastern coldstorage Eggs are alow of sale.
Some dealers report an easier market Tor
Cheese with Increasing supplies. There Is no
change In Butter, though the feeling la rather
rlrm than otherwise.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. ?sc; seconda. 21 f>
24c.
Dairy— Fancy. 215?22c; good to choice. IT ■ {
20o: common. 12}fl6c.
Eastern— lftiTlSc for ladle packed. '
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 1:91214 c; old.
llHc: Young America. 12 1 -.. alZc; Eastern, 15' s @
16c: • stern. 13'-..fi 15c per lb.
, ! Quoted at rs'u27V4c for store and 324@
35c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold stor
age. IRfffSc for firsts and lie for seconds;
fresh. 22#25c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits:
Dealers lire . offering Cranberries at much
lower prices to get rid of them.
Lemons are In liberal supply and lower.
Orange* and Limes are as previously quoted.
Apples are lower. Pears are very slow and
largely nominal. Persimmons are dull and
cheap, though stocks are considerably lighter.
In fact, the weather Is too cold for any kind
of fruit.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 3s4}6sc per box for common, 75c©$l
for good. II 25121 60 for choice.
BERRIES Cape Cod Cranberries, $4 50^7 00
Coos Bay Cranberries. $1 SO per bo«.
Persimmons. 20@35c per box.
Winter Pears, nominal.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. Si 50©2 per
box; . Seedlings. 60c©$l 25: Japanese Manda
rins, $1502165; Pomelos. %\<Ql; Lemons. $10
160 for common and %2<8 3 for food to choice-
Mexican Limes. $4ij?4 50; California Limes 25i»
60c; Bananas. $1 &ou3 per bunch; Pineapple*
$3 60©4 per dozen. vv '
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In aacks. 44c for
40-50' s. 4'tfiliC for 50-60's. 34c for 60-70'n. V.,
for 70-SO's, 3c for 80-90's an.l 2»;c for JO-100 -
Apricots, 11*1 Ho lor Royals. 12M/UGc for Moor
parka and 12&14 c for Blenheims; Peaches iti
:'-,c for Standards, 606'Jc for choice and 7c for
fancy: peeled Peaches. 12'»fil5e; Evaporated
Apples. T'o;\ ,-. Sun-dried. r^?s'ic per lb; Nec
tarines, SHS?c per Ib for red Pears. 6<4f?Sc for
quarters and (■ aIV for halves; Black Figs 3tt
;:'*c; White Fl?». 4Q6e: Bleached Plums. S39e-
Unbleached Plums. 7S7'.ic for pitted and lUc
for imputed.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson* ««— Fancy, per
lb. 10c: choice. 9c; standard. 8c; prime. Cc; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 60. Sultanas-
Fancy, per Ib, v ..c- choice. 7H-c; standard. 6Hc
prime. Sc; unbleached Sultanas. 'r. Seedless.
M-lb boxes, 6c: 2-crown loose Muscatels. s>4c;
3-<-rown. 6VJc; .4-crown. 7c; Load* n Layers,
2-cn>wn. $1 .".n per box. 3 crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $'-': Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices fire f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS — Chestnuts. SfflOc: Walnuts. B«9c
for standards and JftlOc for softshel!: Al
monds. 11'.4fi120 for paper-shell. ?£M°e for soft
ami 4!/Gc for hArd shell; Peanuts, &•>;©<•» r. for
Eastern and '■•■ for California: Brazil Nuts
7«ioSc: Flll^rt--. i:®l2i*c; Pecans. U«i3c :
.iniit«. $4 r.< •'«.*..
HONEY Comb. Il^i«il2c for hrlirht and lOU®
lie for light amber; water white extract* 74
*(B<\ Uiht amber extracted, C?i@7c; dark 'w.c
per Ib. ™
BEESWAX per lb.
Prcmisions.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 9^o per lb for
heavy. ?>ic for light medium, 104 for light
124e for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured*
Eastern eugnr-cured Harrs. 12ftl2S,c: Cnllfornla
Hams, nominal; Mess B?ef. $12 per I'M extra
Mesa, $13: Family. $14: extra Prime Pork $14 50
extra clear. $17 b»; Mess, $!6 50; smoked Iteef'
MOl4Hc per Ib.
• LARD— quoted at 6^c per Ib fo
compound and 74c for pure; half- barrels, pure
lo: 10-lb tlna.SUc: 5-lb tin». %\c. ■
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7»it?7*ic per Ib.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands tell j
about lc under quotation* Heavy ■»','
steers. I2e; medium, lie; lirnt. W%c: *-*«wl»W"«.
lie; Stass. 7>,c; Salted Kip. 10'/4c: « »]'• >'"•
Dry Hides, sound. UV-tflSc: culu ■ n>l lir«n<i«.
lie; Dry Kip and Veal. He: Dry Calf. *«•;;
FhWpykins. >earllnj;s, Asil*<c ea<:h: short w ""'<
2,'SCOc each; medium TGtfaw: I'mc Wool, I'W
1 25 each; Hor?? Hides salt. 12 »tJ2 76 fnr Ur««
and II for small; Colts. We. .. ,
TALLOW— No. 1 r-i-ier-l. Sc P«r Ib; No. *.
4c: refined. Ci.ic; grease 2ViC.
WOOL—
Fall clip. S.in Joaquln plaint. ftCl l^: Bouth'
era. fft!oc; Middle County. llf/l*c: Ilur»ib»»Mt
and Xlendocino. lf^lTc- Eastern Oregon. 12t/tV;
Valley Oregon. 1781? c: Northern Mountain.
tr>^. Ilftl4c; Northern Mountain, defective. iv
(fllc/l^r Ib.
HOPS • 5c per Ib
San Francisco Meat Market.
Ptr II f. r StMTI an.l
for ' "
. I. -Sy !*• l »r Ib.
MUTTON -Wetl ewe*. *V
Ib.
I.AMB- *Q*Hr — Ib
POUK— Live Hugs. r,s; r for »rrall. s«ic for
m»-.iium .-• ; SfJiVic for laric*; stock Hogs and
feeder*. s<hlTs»:c; dressed Hogs. 7»S4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS-f*alcutta Grain Hags. "37'ie; Wool
Hags, '.I>'Qr3Oc.. I >'Qr3Oc.
COAI/— Welllnicton. » per ton: New Wel
lington. JS; Southfleld Welllnßton. I" iO: Seattle.
$7; Bryant. J7; Cooj Bay. JS iO: Wallsend. $5;
Co-operative II IWBd, |S; Scotch. - — : Cum
berland. $10 In bulk and 111 50 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Ekk. 113: Cannel. ft U> per
ton; Coke, $15 per tea In bulk and JIT In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Suirar Refining Com
pany quote* terms net cash. In 100-lb bags;
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. &»«c;
Powdered. s«ic; Candy Granulated. sc; Dry
Granulated, 4T»c: Confectioners' A. 4 ,c; Cali
fornia A. : Magnolia A, 44c; Extra C. 4«4c;
Golden C. 4A4c; barrels. l-16c more: half-bar
reli. Me more; boxes, ' 5 c more; 69-lb bags,
He more. No or<!-r taken for lesa than 75 bar
rel* or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrel*.
6Hc: boxes. 55 T-»cT -»c per !b.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER R.
Flour, qr ska 12.179!H0p5. bales 71
Barley ctl* 9.070 Hay. torn 2i5
Corn. East. ctl*.... 2,400 re**, dozen 5.2 M
U. 1 "", ctls •• M Wine, gallons 54.150
Cheese, ct!« 23 Brandy. na110n*... 23.050
Butter, ctls 103 Pelts, bdls 255
Potatoes, ska Si^ar ska ... KQ
Onions, sks 120:HMen ik , 2CO
il *";. lk » <."lsiQulcksllver, flask* 14)
MlddllnKs. ska BO leather, roll* 3£
Wool, bags li
ORKGON.
Flour, qr sks 3, TlM] Oats, ct l, 4(0
UTAH.
Alfalfa Seed. ska. i:>;:
THE STOCK MARKET
While securities were active on th» morn-
Ing session fluctuations were neither wide nor
numerous. The sugar stocks were steady at
about the prices of the preceding afternoon,
though Hawaiian declined from $30 to $SJ.
Onomea was higher at $27{j27 25. Giant Powder
declined to $94 12^. '
In the afternoon liana was the active stock,
I ■tiling from 19 DO down to IS. Otherwise there
I was no change worthy of note In the sugar
stocks. Gas & Electric was weaker at $C 2 Zs'<J
62 and Contra Costa Water at $74. Giant Pow
der recovered to $31 50.
The Savings and Loan Society has declared
dividends of 3.6u per cent on term and 3 per
. cent per annum on ordinary deposits, payable
on the 2d of January.
The Continental Building and Loan Associa
tion has declared for th- six months ending;
December 31. a dividend of 12 per cent per
annum to class A stock. 10 per cent per an
num to class !•" stock. 6 per cent per annum
on term deposits and 5 per cent per annum' on
ordinary deposits. *
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Dec. 27—2 p. m.
 c „ liid.Ask. iltd.Aßk.
U S Bonds— Cent L*J. .. — «
4s quar coup.. — — Eqult OI- Co. 44 S%
4s quar reg... — — Mutual El Co. 14 14 »
4s quar new... — — r> ' ; I. & li 424 _
2* quar c0up. .1034 — Pac Gas Imp.. 4« 43
Misci-llan<i)u»— |I'.ic Llpht Co. — 41
Cal-st Cab Gs..UT4 — is F G & E.... — 624
C C Wat is... — 1094 ' San Francisco. 3*l 4 -
Ed L& P ..no — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
F & Cl Ky 65.. 115 — Insurance—
Geary-it It os. — 95 Flrem's Fund.22o 223
II C A S 5U5..112 — Hank Stocks—
HC & S 55.... 106 — Anglo-Cal Ltd. «S —
I. A R) i 5.... — 1044 Hank of Cal. II —
LAL Co fa.. 99 — cc a | 81) A: T — —
do gntd «f»... 99 — First Nation]. '.2so —
tdo ijntd ;.»... - MB \, P 4 A....1J1 1324
LA& Plt '»*■ — 1O2«» Merchant* 1 Ex — 15
ilarkft-st 65.. — 130 |>;; cve v Nat Bk .. — 190
| do Ist m Es.'.llHUlfU Savings Banks..
•N*C NQ R 75.U24 — Ger S* I, 1750 —
SE °i £ a ! 551155 sll5 - Hum s * U..10M ll«0
N Rof Cal r,s. — 1134 Mut Sv 8k... '45
N r C IMI 6s. - 102 » p say 1T.... 500 -
NPCIt It ss. 107** - Fay fc L 50.... - $0
NCR It 5c... 103 — Sec Say Bit... — 119
OGL &II i.107% — Union T Co.. .1400 1410
Oak Tran 65... — 113 Street Railroads—
Oak W Co«»..10« — California — IK
Ocean .< S '■-..- 109'; 'Grary-st SO —
<)m C Ry €»... — HS'ilM.irket-st Ry. 53Ti _
P&CI Ry li.. — lt*Vn sL& II — 50
]Pk & O Ity 65. 115 — Presidio _ _
Powell-si R 6s — 123 Powder Stocks—
Sac El GAH — — California ....l» ISO
BF & N P 55.114 113 E l>ynnmlte ... IS -
S F & SJV Is. 114411^4 Giant Con Co.. 3l\; -
KRy of Cal 6s.lOSi; - jVlgorit 3 3»;
S Pof A 65.... - 113 .s,,gar
8 C 65<1905>.10$ - | Illn a p C.v... I 84
S PC 6s(l<K)«).m - IHawC&Sro— S3
SP C 65(1912). — — ilionokna B Co. 3Ui 32
B r>■is or ss. — — 1 Hutch S V Co. 27 —
H PBr «* — 124 Kllauea 8 Co.. — 11
S V Wat 6a... .113< . - Mnkaweli SCo 44'; 44*;
8 V Wat 4n....10:?4103^ Onomea S Co.. 27V- 254
S V W4*)3.1m).101 — ipaauhau S Co. 254 254
Stcktn Gas 6s.— — j Mlscellaneouji-
Water Stocks- jj A | p.,-, Assn.ll7 —
Contra Costa.. .3? 4 M, r c* Assn.. — 1W
Marln County. f.O — Ocaai S Co.. 94«-j 93
Spring Valley. 934 MM Puc A F A.... IS 2!;
Gas & Klectrlc— I pp a c C Bor C 0. .143 —
Cent Gas C 0... — — li> ar i» n mt Co.. »Vi —
Mornlrt Session.
Board—
10 Ginnt Powder Con M •■;■
25 Giant Powder Con- S4 12'j
40 llnna Plantation Co s;t
75 11. ma Plantation Co 8 374
SO Hawaiian Commercial * Sugar 90 CO
?■'< H LWallan Commercial & Sugar 89 00
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar M 75
2S Hawaiian Commercial A Susar SS 25
'.'" Hawaiian Commercial * Sugar. MOO
liw Hinokaa. ■ 10 31 50
100 Honokaa 31 50
25 Hutchlnnon H I' Co 27 25
13T. Hutcblns m 8 P Co 27 124
SO Hntcntni 8 F Co 27 00
CO Makawell 44 75
50 1 Lkawell 44 S7 l i
100 Onomea Sugar Co 27 00
• W> Onomea Stißar To 27 124
65 Onomen Sugar Co 27 25
25 T'aauhau B I' Co » 50
50 Paauhau 8 P Co 2* 374
ZS Paaumau S I* Co, » 90 71 25
10 Paauhau B I 1I 1 Co 2S 25
35 H F Gas & Electric Co 62 25
I Spring Valley Water., 94 25
CO Spring Valley Water 94 00
Street— '
65 Contra Costa Water 74 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
45 Contra Costa Water 74 00
SS Giant Powder Con 94 50
60 Hanu Plantation Co S 374
25 Hana Plantation Co 8 JO
65 Hana Plantation Co 8 25
175 Ha Plantation Co » 124 '
105 Hana Plantation Co I 00
2f> ii ma Plantation Co. s 90 8 25
46 Hutchison S i* Co 27 00
10 Makawell 41 75
25 Market-ntreet Railway CO 00
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 94 73
2^o Paauhau H !' Co 2$ 00
i. i luhau B P Co 2S 23
25 s v Gas & Electric Co f.2 25
30 S •" Gas & Electric Co. s 90 52 00
Jl ■•- Market Ry Ist con 5 per cent,... .11* 00
$4000 Northern Ry of Cal. 5s bonds 113 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 74 v>
100 Equitable Gas .'. 500
10 <;unt Powder Con ll' 95 00
10 Giant Powder Con 85 ijii
60 Hutchlnson R P Co "X (4i
40 Hiitchln*un S l % Co ] 27 j-»ii
30 Hutchlnson S P» Co ?7 ; : ,
25 Market-stre«>t Railway "' 60 ?0
20 S F Gas Ar Electric Co 52 25
15 S F Gas £ EVctrlc Cn 52 374
Afternoon Session.
r...nrd —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 117 no
* F0 Contra Costa Water 74 25
V< Giant Powder Con '.'.. 54 73
25 Glnnt Powder Con 94 t24
20 ll'.i;. Iwtiiu Sugar Co 31 <xj
10 M.irkot-Ftreet Railway en m
40 S F Gas 4- Klectrlc Co |* •-,
1 100 Vlgorlt Powder " 3CO
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
j . Morning Session.
Board—
100 Tidal Wave : 2 in
M Barker Knneh 1 U
.VK> Century Oil Co 1 10
I' lo Anaconda Oil Co 1 15
I<X) Anacnnda on Co 1 10
50 Yukon Crude Oil Co 1 75,
Afternoon Session.
Board-
M* Tidal Wave Sin
100 Anaconda 1 20 ■
100 Anaconda 1 15
Street-
100 Tidal Wave .. ••.••••••••••••••»•••••••»» 2 05
t
fMDVCKW _OIL EXCHANGE.
j M:,1..1.t Session. .
«•
\hu l,',,,,tnt>,u ''.', • 4T,
VM Su,, l,i|*  • SSO
a"- a. '"\ Krsslon.
tu.artl -
iv/t piwwn «*
|l/l t )■.!'. lhl:it ,,.... ■ 43
mmtm htocks.
V.,U:»lhg w«n th« ral*a In lh# Fan Fraacisci
t'.i'.iU Mitt KMtmUtgt '• >' : yeitmlay:
it-..r.u,s B#sslon.
2«) Ar>4»# II I'A Potosl ■ J
1W <>O Cat 4% V«..1 / ii iwPotosl a
am- -i ft Retslon.
CM ruielwr « 3 IWJuntlce rj
t/o i!i-«t * lirj. h»r. ft i") Mrilcan a
;i.'i rti'.iiar 2*< r/> Ophir m
4 .....,,.., i a V».l Vi 1W» Kava*(> tj
SKi frown 1'.»1nt... 14 100 Hlerra Nevada.. 41
4M Ooald A Curry. 2!t
FflKiWln* w»r» ttM calea In the Pacific Stock
Exrnanre >r»t»rday:
M<-rnlnj H<^»lcn.
500 nulllon <"[ *"> C C ft Va ...1 X'",
m Carura <l M O» «3I «'» «ouM A «;urry. a
2'jO fhnllur 21, TOO Gould * Curry. ::
2l» (hollar I»; 3»w Ot-hJr *<
500 Con Cal * Va..l *>\ Vn Havage fj
Aftrrnoon H*««!on. .
;f0 Bullion «4| »oOoul<l & Curry. 3
l.Vi Caledonia 47 y«0 Opht» a
100 ton Cal A Va..l Ji KO Overman 10
500 C C * Va 1 I7H 100 Potosl ZX
200 Con Cal * Va..l *J 43> Paraire o»
300 Confidence •"■ ICO Standard !;j
500 Gould * Curry T. M Yellow Jacket., t
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Dec. r. U»»- 4 p. ra.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 K-nturk — M
Alta — C« Lady Washgtn. 02 ~
Andes 10 II Mexican 21 li
Belcher 14 IS Occidental 11 13
Best A Belcher. 26 V Ophlr C* <•
Bullion M 04 Overman 13 11
Caledonia 41 50 Pototl T. 23
Chollar 21 22 Savagt M 11
Challenge Con.. 10 11 Scorpion C: —
Confidence — II Peg Belcher .... C 301
Con Cal * Va..l J5 145 Sierra N»va«Ja.. 41 42
Con Imperial .. — deliver Hill — «
Con New York. — Ol'St Louis — tT
Crown Point... 13 IS Standard ..2C::«;
Exchequer — C 2 Syndicate — i.
Gould * Curry. 22 23 Union Con I* :*
Hale A Norc... 33 13 ; Utah C 4C 5
Julia — 02, Yellow Jacket.. M li
Justice ... <- C4 1
Notice to Mariners.
mußOurt bay. cal
Notice Is hereby given that the following
additional buoys have been established la
Humboldt Bay, Cal., to deHne the channel Into
South Bay:
South end middle ground buoy No. 1. a black
third-class spar established December 9 in
thirteen feet of water on the south end of
middle ground; tree on Ilrd IJlufT. EE. S H ,
south spit wharf, S. by W. * 4 W. westerly,
Humboldt old tower. N. by W. % W.
Point Huraboldt shoal buoy No. 5. a bla-k
third-class spar established December 9 In
twelve feet of water on edge of shoal off Point
Humboldt. Tree on Red Bluff. ENE. >» E..
south spit wharf. NW. by W. Ts W., Humboldt
old tower, N. by W.
By order of Lighthouse Board.
V. SEBREE.
Commander, I.". 8. N . Inspector Twelfth Llght<
house District.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographle Office, U. 8. S.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal .
December 27. U».
The tlnie baM on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon t<vday—
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 1
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKIN 3.
Lieutenant Commander. V. 8. N.. In chant*.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United State* Coast arid Geodetic Surrey—
Times and Heights of High and I- ■
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of th* Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front < Mission-street wharO about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. DECEMBER 21.
Sun rises ?:!t
Sun sets 4:31
Moon rise* 2 29 a. m.
-
L W
Ft
' |Tlm*
!~!
jL w;
FT.
17 ... «:4I
L W
3 ... 0:43
» ... I:3«
» ... 2:31
11 ... V.r>
H W
1 ... 0:04
! ... 0:43
1 ... 1-M
4 « 4 :
l t
o.i * ■■>
1.7 j.t:i
*
1.3 13
-
f I i:K
H W
: : :: r:
ji ta Li
i •
j.:
- ,r
— 0.4'
— a.j
— i.i
i :
4.:.
i «
» >
i |
;H w
:• '
1 :• v
I " "
x*w:
idsrt
• A3
j •
NOTE— In the abore «a»aatt)*a at tie V.if
the earlr morr.lsr zitn xrt *r»»3 ta ti» left
hand column ar.i ti« «:••••».■• •.. r-j ef th»
day In the cnJer cf cc-rir^wn? v ta 1:21. TIJ«
second time cc!us-.n fit** ks a*eead tt4a el
the day, the thirl dß* cc!-^=3 th# tilrd t:<J«
and the lajt or rtji: !^t=i col^=2 «*.»»• t.*.»
last tide of th« day. «xt*vz wiea I2«rt ar» but
three tldet. as »?£=•<:=»» oecsr>- Tfe* belx&ta
Ktven are in 1- ' * - t> r~- «■:-::« ■ :-: : -r» ea th*
I'nlted State* Ccast S-^rr»7 c&arta. «xcect
when a mlr.uj ««- (— • pr9C*<;« tb» bM«bt.
and then tte e-iss«r ctT«a I* »u&tr»r:»J frsa»
the depth ctrea ty ti« cbarts. Tfc« - »-- of
reference Is ts# tseaa of »&♦ tew*r low water*.
l
Pc uutrm
:-•.-*
Dl
•
! I
Robt. Ai*=»T2.
N**=Al=» JlVr.
•I
Bor.t:a . ~
. Newyv-r! ."" i>»^^
fi
Qu«ra ..!
• x "VT.-*--a A r^rrt Sc«sJ t»«c.
Past Ar»*a
■
Chs*. WK« --
Air**
' • "
Freer*** ........
. Ta.vesa Pec.
v
.
.irarsx-ii:
Gaelic
■
«•■.-* 4.'
VfVW ,\T*C.
A!b!Jn
Ar-f »
O.x-» R»*
AUtasce
v^TYr.-a r.-rt» ! t>ci
■
Ctv» XSa,* /r>e.
■
■■ -> ■ Z'-
Santa X «*
Aberdeen (
■
Acapulco .......'
Mv'«:m«- '
Matteawaa
Famoa
rarji»a ...!n*e!
IIVc.
HuaN^t ;rvc.
Empire '
Btat* of Cat ,
■
V. 'i"hoiap«ca...
Briftol !
N>»t'urif
Aloha I
Cnct Pa-
Homer
Crescent City...
• ■ ■ •
I
I
I
Czarina
'battle tjan!
OorjuUle R'ver..
Australia i
Walla Walla
North Fork '
Jeante
. any Harbcr 'Jan.
, i Honolulu I jsm .
i Victoria A !"\i*«t Sound Jan.
'HumNilJt jj aa
,'-"»*«ttle ij an .
|
: .rtland
Jan'
I
Columbia !
Jan
TO SAIL.
St*»nw IV»nr«tlin. i S*ll«.
i_ J | __
Corona 'Pan Pleiro IDec. 21. 11 an: PW it
TVru (Panama (Dec. 21. 13 m'PM«f«
North Pork. l Humboldt |Dec. 25. 9 «.~ fi-r 2
Columbia .. V'ortl»r..t. IPec. r>. 1 > .m »•■»-:♦
A. m.inrh'dToo* B.»y !D*c. *5. SpmTttrll
Krunswtck |llumbol<it P«. I>. n am f*!»f :>
lton!:a "Newport Dec. JO. » tm.ivr ll
It Ar*na.. ! Point Arena.. D*c. 30. t pmTl«r >
Orizaba — jllumbol.tt -c. 30. jpmPt'r »
Arc in ;Crx>a Day Dec. 30. 4 pm Pier 13
Albion jTlllanvwk Dec. 31. 3 pm'PJer «
Wtiren Vie * Tut Sd.! Jan. 1. n i- Pi#r >
Santa Rom San I >!••«.>. Jan. 1. 11 am pi, r 11
Hamoa IHumboMt Jan. 2. 1") am Pl*r U
(Vh» nay... Newport Jan. 3. Sam.Plerll
Aloha Cre»cent City. Jan. 3. 3 pm'Pter S
Homer (Portland Jan. 3
Aberdeen ..il'ortland !Jan. 3
Ktatr of CAllPortland (Jan. >. 1> am Pier II
Shipping Intelligence. •
aiif:
Wednesday. December IT
Stmr Santa Cm*. HlnWle.SS hours from San
Dlrgo.
Stmr Columbia. D->ran. ?24 hour* from Port
land, via .\>t n 1 424 hours.
Mr *tmr Wclllneton. ITalilMst. 19 hours from
Comos. " .
- Adamsnn. Morran, 1«* hour*
ni'>.
S«:hr Mary E us. Welkcnder. It days from
Grays Harbor. 77j, ***"*•
Ha'" bo Anna. lp ** n ' 10< * da f from Wtllapa
Ha'rh.'., '' lanCtnot1 ' Olsen. 134 days from Cray*
Fi&Jn^f"*- And *™° n - * *"» «*»
Continued on Pag« Eleven.TRIED TO SAVE
BROTHER-IN-LAW
FROM SUICIDE
Hammond West Was
Tired of Life.
Oakland Offle* Ban Francisco Call.
H6 Broad* D*e. *7.
w- S? Ord XV< * t< a c an>entcr residing at
YVo Fifth avenue, who has Wen tn poor
malth and cut of employment for the past
*■' veral months, was treated at the H<~
<n\lnp Hcrn'.tal this afternoon for gun
*£ ot . wounds In *uch close proximity to
the heart that his «•«;>,. from death U
regarded by the hcppJtal surgeons as mi
raculouß.
» «r..J nimnn of fsmlly
• • ; ■ .
■ ther-ln-law.
• ■ •
Un
■
At the Hecelvir.R ii -;-t I West Ftated
that the ■ r. . v: .: was |mr«'ly accidentnl.
*I went to my Finer, huuw at Fifth"a»e.
nu«- and S»»vent«?enth Mro«t," he saU,
>Ju«t to stop a moment. 1 tolj my broih
♦■r-in-iaw that 1 was going huntinjj. '-"t
li«* r« marked that be thought I was still
too weak. So I sit th« kuu on th*» Lock
j>^rch. The jxircn was wet. The e«in
to the ground, the tr:ffK<?r strik
lr.K on the steps. dischar»rlnß one barrel.
I hnve 1 een very ? ick and am suffering
from tifrvouu tirustration mure than *i.y
in'r.jr else." ■
At the horn* of the Watsons the strict
est K-orocy was observed, neither Wests
tester nut brother-in-law desiring to dis
cus* the matter, but li >s learned from an
other BOUrcs that the Wests, who bave
ten children to raro for. hav# not been
living togetherhnppily for some time past:
that West this afternoon bad* l;ls wife
*mod-by. and from his home he went to
itie rc«)<**»nce of his ulster and brother
in-law. Mr. and Mrs. Watson, at 22$ East
street. He al»<» bade them
pood-by. and this aroused Watson's su«
ricion. An investigation showed that
West had secure <i his brother-in-law s
hfi"t»run. nnd whim asked what . he was
lining with the weapon he replied that
he Intended going huntinjf. Watson, how
ever, surmising that his relative intended
to *>nd his life. 1* said to have made .in
« ffort to secure the gun. and In the scuffle
ihat ensued Wtst was shot. Dr. Strattnn
t-tates that Wests wuunds will not prow
fatal.
Early this evening Mrs. West called *t
the Receiving Hospital and charged that
licr husband, the injured man. is insane.
Fhe feared th* doctors would send West
home again after dressing his wounds, and
she <1f«-lHred her life. too. would then be
In danger. She eald that her husband
!-.ad tcveral times recently threatened to
IdJJ hi r and . :. : his own life, and that hie
r<a*on had been falling for some time
Hhe also «»orToborated the statement that
her husband had bid her good-by thl*
afternoon. West will be examined for In
>anit>.
MIDWEEK NOTES
AT THE THEATERS
CM 1* doing well at
the California. Thin Sunday night
"With Flying Colors." by Seymour
Hicks and Fred G. Latham will be
rrcf«ente<l for the Cm time Id America.
Jt ha« b«*cn running with Immense success
riaca last August at the Adelphi. London.
Monday evening. January Mh, Emma Ne
vada will sing fnr one night only. Tues
day. January Hh, '"The Princess and the
Uuxtorfly" will be produced.
There is r.o uncertainty as to the success
of "TtiTs Christian" at the Columbia. Hall
Maine's play is more than ordinarily well
Interpreted by the company. EfSe Ellaler
—- Glory Quayle and James Colvtlle as
John Storm have made quite Impressive
hits.
"Uttle 80-Peep" at the Tlvoll Opera
Hous«e is drawing. Special matinees of
■ Little 80- Peep ' will be glvtn next Sat
urday and Ntw Year's day. and judging
by the demand for teats, the Tivoll Is not
likely to change its present bill for an in
definite time. • .
"Slnbad" is doing a holiday business at
the Grand Opera-house. The production
Is a remarkable one and shows care for
the detail* of scenery and costumes be
litting a spectacular extravaganza. It will
be continued next week with a matinee
on N» w Year's day.
Th« Black Patti Troubadors are still
drawing at the New Alhambra. Murray
j. Mack open on Sunday afternoon in
mann's sec
.fornia
<ai Semite, Op. tl, C major <IWthov«n)
ia> Bevestwa Variations Serltuses. Op. M. D
tr.lnor <Mcna«'l«»ohn KarthoMi); <fc) donate. Op.
n. O. n>:nr>r (Schumann), <a) Nocturne. Op. €2.
No. ! B tnajr*-; (b» KluiJe. Op. ltf. No. 5. G flat
major; <c) Two Preludes, Op. iS. No. JO. 14;
<1> Miturlu. Op. 7, F minor: ie) Thin! ruilade,
*ip. 47. A flat <Ohopln>- <f) Invitation a la
I**™*. Or. c. D flat <W«ber).
The Al^nzar stock company Is playing
a star thl* week. The lumlmrys name
1* Forest f?rabury and I think it Is the
fame who has been making a human
meteorite of himself at the Chutes lately.
To rise frotr. high diving to low comedy
!s quite .i feat, but Mr. Seabury Is not
without fMltnt In this less athletic art.
] have :iot eeen his name on the three
i-heets 5n :etteri< a foot high, but he Is not
the. less a nar for all that and In •"Chun
mle Faddcn" h> ccznes near to being the
\vhoj* #h>w. He .has the Bowery air and
the Bowery voice to perfection and s-jc
teeds so veil In rounding out the char
acter he ;.. f jrr.'-F that one la not reminded
«.ven when he U doing nothing that he it
cily njakin* believe. H« is Chlmmle Pad
rien all the time and a very real one at
that.
I-a grand*. petite Fougere Is. drawing
crowds to the Orpheum with a peculiarly
French magnetism. There is an attrac
tive *uinrestlon of wlckednes* In the name
of her. the wickedness of the cafe ehnnt-
Ent of Par!* fin de slecle, where wit puses
in "the altogether" and payety uncovers
a multitude of sins. And at last' she is
here. Fouger* the famous, she -who has
i. : .• n a spasm to the vaudeville stag<>,
hrrc In all ber Incandescent splendor, a
vivid splash of red In the theatrical pano
rama. She sings with flippant intensity,
while her descriptive ryes My all sorts
at thlrg*: she rhythmic and restless In
hrr J-.K--S and displays her armpits with
ft* much freedom o« she does her ankles.
She l* a white-skinned. Mack-hair* 1
young woman, from whose whole person.
th«-re se< ms to emanate an atmosphere $f
ADVERTISEMENTS. !
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stage
of tr.e Disease.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatments Fallal
to Even Help..
_____ J
Th«» baa »*•« dlseo\-ered by th« StaU
M-<Slr_| Institute, V* Eltktron bulldlnc. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. tb« most remarkable Ulood Poison
cur* ever beard of. It baa cured aJI such In
dications as mucous patches In the mouth.
sore throat, copper colored spots, chancre*,
clceratlnns on the body and in nundreds or
ctae* »hrr* the • »ir and eyebrows had (alien
cut' and the whole skin was a mass or boils.
fimtJra and ulcers this wonderful spaclAr baa
twr.iletely changed the whole body Into a
clean, perfect ccndltlcn of phyrlcal health.
IZvrry raJlmad running Into Fort Wayne trlnca
»rores of sufferers s^eklnc th!a new and tr.ar\>|-
pos rsre anJ to enable there who cannot travel
to realise what a truly marvelous work the In- '
rtitute Si arcorr.pluhlsx the}- will send free to I
every "i-.-r a free trial treatment «o that I
rvery one ran cur* themselves in the privacy
jf their own home. Thii la the only known '
rur* for Ulood Poison. Do n't hcultate to'
• rite at at.'-* and th* fra* trial wilt b« sent ■
M«Utd In plain i»ok**e. I
PROPERTY CLERK MORAN
ASKS TO BE PENSIONED
CAPTAIN JAMES MORAN has u-skcd the Police Commissioners to re
tire him on & pension. Last night his request was discussed, but at
the suggestion of Commissioner Tobin, chairman of the board, action
was .postponed until next Tuesday, when the Commissioners meet as a
pension board.
The news that- Captain Moran had asked to be retired was received with
regret by every member of the department. Always affable and courteous,
he has not only endeared himself to Chief Lees and the Commissioners, but
to the entire force. He was appointed a member of the department on May
1, I£7S, and on account of his cleverness and strict attention to -business he
was soon afterward made a sergeant. On the deMh of Property Clerk Cullen
In July, I?9S,- Koran was appointed his .successor with the rank of captain.
During the Sutter-street railroad strike in ISS M run. who was then a
patrolman, sustained a severe injury to his leg. from" which he is still suffer
ing. Owing to his condition and anxious to take a well-deserved rest, Moran
has asked to be placed on the pension list.
It Is said that several other members of the department will be retired
next Tuesday along with Moran-
lascinauon. Her songs are positively '
chaste, she seemingly having discarded i
the chansons chocking that she brought I
to this country with her six. seven year*
ago. She has also laid aside the pyra- .
mids of millinery she \rus wont to wear,
and I looked in vain for the two inches
of Fougere that used once to appear at
the top of h«r stocking, and which scan
dalized New York. She uses her voice
in an orthodox French style and her arat
-•my with so much >pirit and abandon,
that it !s qu'.te Impossible to say exactly
what the author of the song meant when
he said: "Mamzcl Fougere tst tres vul
gaire when she does comme ca." but
. .'mm ' cl and comme ca she does things
various and wonderful, and it Is worth l
while to see her at it.
The Royles appear In another clever
farce with mucn fun in it, La Sylphe
dances marvelously. Hamilton Hill is
ticjrVr.g ttill and the rest of the pro- i
gramme la as usual. *
• • •
•-he Chutes to-night "Li Hung
• "hang's Rag-Time I
RTER QARNETT.
EARLY ACTION PROBABLE
IN THE CASE OF QUAY
Likely to Be Disposed of by the Sen-
ate Committee on Elections
During January.
WASHINGTON. Dec. ST.-Tho Senate
Committee on Privileges and Elections
will take up the contest over the seat In
the Senate claimed by Senator Quay un
d*r the appointment of the. Governor of
Pennsylvania. Members of the commit
tee predict early action and hope to have
it disposed of In the. Senate during the
month of January.
PROMINENT ALABAMANS
IN A DESPERATE FIGHT
Two Men Are Killed and a Third Re
ceives a Probably Fatal
Wound.
HUNTS VILLE. Ala., Dec. 27.— A serious
fight occurred at Deposit, a small town
near here, in which two men were killed,
and a third probably fatally wounded.
James Hardens throat was cut from
ear to ear by hi* nephew. Jesse Harden.
The former is drad. John C. Harden, a
brother of the dead nan. was seriously
cut by Jesse Harden, and, us the fight
was rawing to a close. Mac Russell dis
charged a load of buckshot into the ab
domen of Jesse Harden, causing death in
stantly.
All the participants were well known
and prominent ln_polltlcs. Russell has not
been arrested. The cause of the light is
not known.
♦■
Physician's Sudden Death.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.-Dr. Thomas
O'Callaghan, a well-known physician of
Jersey City, died suddenly to-day while
making a professional call. After the doc
tor entered the sick room he asked for a
spoon- An attendant went for one and
wtten he returned the doctor was lying
on the floor unconscious and died before
aid could be summonded.
Diplomas Granted.
PI.ACERVILLh, Dec i: -Th» rounty
noarc • ation granted certificates
■-h 1n the public schools of this
i.unvy to the following applicants to-day:
Mis* Mabel Wiltsfe. Mis- r,race Vernon.
Miss Clara M TL.rr.ey, charles K. Ipton
and John < .
FARMER SMART' BITTEN.
Went Back on His Name by Playing
the Noble Game of Bunko.
Silas D. Smart, a guileless rancher from
the vicinity of Bozeman. Mont., was
fleeced out ot,Jl*7 yesterday forenoon by
three bunko men, who decoyed him into
a friendly (tame of cards, where his op
ponent was presumed to be a grcennom
ready for plucking.
The conspirators took Smart to me First
National Hank, whero he nad tola thorn
he had some money on deposit, and In
duced him to draw It. The bank teller,
recognizing the evil character of the three
men. warned Smart that he was in th*
hands of bunko sharps who would fleece
him. but Smart thought that he had a
sure thing and he gave the toller the
equine ha! ha: The teller followed the
quartet Into the street and put Detective
Gibson on the trail. Two of the men.
Frank Wright and Oeorge Bell, were cap
tured, but the third man escaped.
At the California-street station the pris
oners were booked for grand larceny, they
having succeeded in swindling Smart out
of the $127. He was very willing to up
pear in the role of complainant.
NEGLECTED SADIE.
James Tompklnson, Her Father,
Tells the Coroner About Her
Mother's Dissipation.
James \V Tompkinson. father of Sadie
Tompkinson, the five weeks old Infant re
ported to have died of starvation and
neglect, made a statement to Coroner Hill
yesterday in exoneration pf himself
He raid that he had bren living apart
from his wife for the past fling mvnths. he
having been obliged to leave her because
of her dissipated habits. The- couple had
been married for cloven years, the wife
being only 27 years old at the present
time. 'Tompkinson paid also that he had
offered to pay for the support of his wife
t.i the extent of five dollars per week if
she would consent to live in what he
would consider a respectable place
Sadie was the only child remaining, two
others having died In Infancy through ne
glect An inquest will be • heM a 10
o'clock Friday morning. The autopsy
held yesterday afternoon showed that the
child died of a congenital disease.
THE SAN FRANCISCO (ALL. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 28. 1890.
CLUB WOMEN
MEET TO FORM
A FEDERATION
Steps Toward a State
Organization.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco CaJl.
90S .Broadway/ Doc, 27.
A mating of club women was held la
the parlors of th« Unitarian Church this
afternoon, at which were representatives
of ■M of the best-known organizations
in the State. The meeting was called by
Mrs. Ella M. Sexton, who holds an im
portant place in both a club and a liter
ary way. and was for the purpose of dis
cussing the federation of all the clubs of
California. About lirty ladles were pres
ent.
The gathering was an Interesting one.
It brought together workers In the suf
frage movement; philanthropic ladles who
favor federation as a more powerful
means for good; conservative ones who.
are willing to see clubs In general Join
if their own takM no part In the Ques
tion, and others who were utterly In Ig
norance on the whole subject and said
so. There were a -number of bright
speeches that kept to the subject and
were enjoyable.
Mrs. Lloyd Baldwin presided and Miss
Soule of Alameda acted as secretary.
Mrs. Sexton gave, the most interesting
address of the afternoon, in which she
gave a few reasons for federation. She
said In part:
"That the Individual clubs of California
belonging to the General Federation of
Women's Clubs should unite In a State
organization appears to me most desir
able and feasible. To this association
should be welcomed also every woman*
club of the State.- and these, with the 4 >•
members of the twenty societies, already
enrolled in the General Federation, would
form a body of representative women able
to inaugurate a system of work upon the
broadest lines and for the general good
of the State as a whole. The system of
education In California, for Instance, with
ii view to better sanitation and Improve
ment of country schools, the establish
ment of free kindergartens, of traveling
libraries or library .extension, of free text
books, the formation of town and village
Improvement and beautifying societies, an
investigation of the working conditions of
women and children throughout the State
and plans for the betterment of such
wage-workers, the Vtudy of domestic
science. Any one of these subjects taken
up by a State federation of strong, calm,
yet enthusiastic club women promises
jwondrous possibilities of good."
Mrs. Sexton advocated the Interest of
club women in the educational systems
of ail public Institutions for abandoned,
defective or delinquent children.
Mrs. Emma Shafter Howard, who is a
forcible and brilliant speaker, advocated
federation strongly. Following her, Mrs.
John F. Swift declared that federation I?
on the way and will be carried In this
State.
"A largo number of clubs will unite."
she said, "and those that do not want to,
needn't. "
Mrs. A A. Dennlson spoke from the
point of one who had made a brief but
•thorough study of the subject. Mrs. Sims
of- Berkeley was also called upon.
Mrs. R. P. Glea«on. president of Ebell
begged to be excused. She said that she
attended, not as a representative of her
club, but In a personal way and as one
whe was rot posted whatever on the sub
ject of federation.
At the clone of the meeting a resolu
tion favoring federation was adopted
without a dissenting voice, though there
was a feeling entertained by a few that
general federation was not entirely satis
factory to their minds Mrs. Sexton said
that the afternoon hud been an encour
aging one and that she was pleased with
the results, which showed a strong senti
ment In favor of the uniting of all the
club« of the State. .
TO KNOCK WITH.
Judge Morrow Presented With a
Gavel as a Souvenir of the
Philippines.
Lieutenant A. F. Fechteler. I*. 8. N..
who recently returned from Manila, has
presented Judge Morrow of the T'nltrd
Circuit Court with a sllver-mount-
M pav«l. the wood of which came from a
piece of timber belonglnp to the bridge
of the Spanish cruiser Pon Juan de Aus
tria, destroyed t.y Admiral I»ewey in the
naval battle at Manila on May 1, lWfc, The
cruiser was built In England, but the
bridge was constructed of hard wood of
the teak species from the Philippine Is
lands.
Two Cases of Smallpox.
Frank Stfryanjvich, an oiler on thn
United States transport 'Sheridan, was
taken from hip residence at 29 Rausch
ftrect by the Health Officers yesterday,
suffering with a mild case of variolold.
Ills ulster. Annie Seryanlvich.. who. con
tracted peml-confluent smallpox by con
tart, was sent to the Pesthouse. together
with her brother, and Dr. Tiilmann has
volunteered to attend them. Every
connected with the transport service at
Fol*om-street dock has been- vaccinated
In order to check the spread of the dis
en** among those who came In contact
with Serj-anMch.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
BOLD WORK OF
AN INCENDIARY
IN OAKLAND
— . •
Attempts to Destroy a
Hotel.
Oakland Office San Franrigoo Call.
908 Broadway. Dec. 27.
A disastrous fire, which would In all
probability have resulted in the loss of
a block of property and the lives of sev
eral people, was narrowly averted tWs
morning by the fortunate discovery by
Patrolman Andrews of the work of an
Incendiary at the northeast corner of
Seventh and Franklin streets. The in
cendiary had placed several Rations of
kerosene in «n unoccupied barroom on
the ground floor and in one of the sleep
in? rooms above, and had deliberately ap
plied a match to It. Luckily Patrolman
Andrews paw the blaze before it had
gained much headway, anil he summoned
the Fire Department In time la avert the
catastrophe.
Andrews was i at rowing his beat In the
vicinity of Seventh anil Broadway at 3
o'clock, wneti he noticed ih<- reflection of
the flame? in the windows of th? build
ing, the upper floor of which is used as
a lodging house by Mrs. Robert Flynn.
He hastily turned in an alarm and the
Fire Department responded promptly. It
took considerable fighting to extinguish
the blaze, but it was done before very
little of the woodwork had In-come Ig
nited.
As soon as the firemen arrived upon
the scene they realized that arson had
been attempted, and an investigation by
Fire Chief Hall and Police Sergeant Green
confirmed their belief. The barroom con
tained wads of paper and several blan
kets saturated with coal oil, and it nad
been liberally spread about the floor. A
tumbler containing the- fluid had been
placed on .the 'ark bar and on the bar
proper was a broken oil lamp. The bar
room has long been unoccupied, and It la
claimed that a door connecting it with a
corridor from the street was always left
open. Just above the barroom, on the
Franklin street side of the house, was the
other sleeping room which had been
treated to a coating of kerosene. Here
the oil had been generously sprinkled and
the bed clothing, consisting of a single
blanket and a spread, had also been sat*
urated. In one place the carpet had been
torn up and the oil poured through a re
cently bored hole to the ceiling of the
room below. Thin room, according to Mrs.
Flynn, was last used by an elderly man,
whose name she did not know. The man,
sha claimed, had the only key to the
room other than her general pass key.
She had known him but a short time and
could give no reason for the attempted
arson. as she claimed to have no ene
mies.
Had the flames gained any headway It
is doubtful whether the block bounded
by Seventh. Eighth. Franklin and Web
ster streets could have been saved. The
buildings are close together and are old
frame affairs, mostly occupied by Chi
nese. They were all well filled and it
would have been with difficulty that the
sleeping occupants could have been
warned in time to escape. The building
In which the fire was started Is owned by
the Belts estate, Mrs. "Flynn carried an
Insurance on her scanty furniture of 1700
in the Hartford Company, the officers of
which are assisting the police In their
efforts to detect the incendiary.
CALIFORNIA AT BUFFALO.
Preparing: for the Greatest Exhibit
California Has Ever Made.
The most gratifying news that ha» been
received recently at the State Board of
Trade came to the hands of the manager,
J. A. Pllcher, yesterday In the form of
a letter from Buffalo. N. Y. It contained
the information that (he board had been
granted free space In the Pan-American
Exposition, which will open In that city
in May. ls*)l. A long time ago It was un
derstood here that this fair would equal
in scope any that has ever been held on
this continent, and would be second only
to the World's Fair of Paris. The demand
nas been very great from the
etart and the State Board of Trade from
the beginning made a strong stand for
fre* space for the State exhibits of Cali
fornia. As tht space required for the
thousands of exhibits that will be sent
will require at least Jfi.'«X) »><juart feet,
there was some Ht>i>r<henslon that a re
fusal would be the answer.
Mr. Ftlcher states that but few people
of this State appreciate the magnitude
and importance of the Pan-American Ex
pobition and the i-ffect it will have upon
the future commercial relationship of the
American countries. For years the United
States has endeavored to secure the trade
of the countries of this hemisphere, but
found that the rival manufacturers of
Europe had the inside hold upon the busi
ness. This assembling of the commodities
of all American countries Is certain to
keep on this sfde of the water the trade
that should never have gone abroad.
Preparations are being made to have this
State turn out the best exhibit of its nat
urul and manufactured products that has
ever crossed the boundary.
MORE FUNDS ENRICHED.
Auditor Wells Reapportions Remain-
der of Taxes Paid Under
Protest.
Auditor Wells, acting on the advice- of
his attorney, yesterday apportioned the
city's portion of the remainder of the
1116.002 52. taxes paid In under protest, to
various funds not covered in the appor
tionment adopted by the Supervisors at
last Tuesday's meeting. Of the $47,91(1 74
transferred from the general fund there
Is $512 94 unapportloned. which will prob
ably tie used for License Collector's
blanks after a resolution to that effect
has been passed by tho board. The addi
tional apportionment Is as follows:'
General fund.. $47,916 74
Free Library fund , 1,017 59
Park fund 4.013 (2
School fund r,«32 54;
Street fund 8,812 76
Street light fund '. 4.(54 (9
Interest and sinking fund 462 £3
Total $73. 233 S5
State's p0rti0n...'...... ; 42.771 87
Total taxe« paid under protest tIK.OOI II
■ ♦ ■
STATE'S PORTION OF TAXES.
Treasurer Truman Will Send Over a
Million Dollars to Sacramento.
Treasurer Truman yesterday completed
his calculation cf th« State's portion o/
taxes collected by the city up to Novem
ber' 27. The segregated amounts are as
follows:
Sundry taxes '. 51.Wi.377 73
Rwlfmptton taxes (property sold to •
Etate) «.0»7 I»
Collateral inheritance taxes .'tSo,f7s 79
Total 11.KJ.7M SI
Of this amount the sum of $882,817 41
will be retained by the Treasurer for va
rious purposes, leaving a balance of $1.
039,f<33 40, which will be turned over to the
State Treasurer in a few days as a par
tial settlement.
California Chapter.
California Chapter No. 5. Royal Arch
Masnns, has elected Harry Baehr high
priest. R. N. Carson Ring. J. nennett
scribe William J. Smith treasurer (re
elected). Franklin H. Day secretary (re
elected i. These officers and those who
are to be appointed will b* Installed on
the first Tuesday In January.
Postal Clerk Promoted.
WASHINGTON, Dec* 27.— William H.
Perm of Pee Molnes. lowa, has been ap
pointed assistant superintendent of «he
railway mall service. He is now chief
clerk at Dos Holnes.
Mr. Moveoft— Well, my dear, how do
you flnd the neighbors here— sociable?
Mrs. Moveoft— Very Three or four of
thi m have sent In to ask If I would allow
their children to use our piano to prac
tice on.— New York Weekly.
KILLED BY AN ILNCON TROLL ABLE TEAM OF HORSES ON
BROADYVAY.
UNKNOWN MAN
DROWNS WITH
HELP AT HAND
Mysterious Tragedy at
Alameda Mole.
ALAMEDA. Dec 17 -The story of a
mysterious drowning that occurred at the
narrow-gauge mole on Saturday night has
be«n reported to the Police Department
by some of the railroad employes. R.
Ohliierl, a car cleaner, and a gatekeeper
who Is known as "Gus " claim that an un
known man was drowned underneath the
wharf at about 11 o'clock on the night
mentioned. He was heard calling for help
and the two railroad men shouted back
that help was coming.
The gatekeeper got a boat as quickly as
possible and wen,t to the drowning man's
assistance, while Ghihert stayed on the
wharf and shouted words of encourage
ment. The cries of the drowning man
began to grow feebler, and before th-
gatekeeper reached the place from which
the sounds came they had entirely
ceased. He rowed about beneath the
*harf but could find no tram of the
unfortunate wan.
The railroad employes a K>nt the mole
did not notice any stranger upiund the
place during the night, and as no one
n.ta-lnR has beer, reported to the police
there is at present no ii«-w to the man a
identity. It Is thought (msslhle that the
person drowned may have been a pas
senger on the 10:45 boat from San Fran
cisco.
JARS. .MYFUi SPER.L IS
•NOWMRS. S.D.PFUn\HER,
OAKLAND, Dec. 27 —Two prominent
society, people were united In mar
riage this afternoon, when Mrs
Myra Bperl became the wife of Samuel D.
Prather. The ceremony was performed
at 4 o'clock at the residence of Thomas
Prather, a brother of the groom, on Alice
street. Rev. Robert Ritchie -of St. Paul's
officiated The Thither ii.me was In
Christmas decoration for the happy event,
the hall being arranged with large cut
palms and the drawing room with holly
and greens. Red candelabra made the
scene a bright one.
Mrs. Sperl was attired In a handsome
traveling null of gray and wore an im
ported hat to match. She carried roses.
There were no. attendants.
A wedding breakfast was served at the
conclusion of the service, and later a re
ception was held, to which seventy-live
friends had been invited, the list includ
ing only relatives and the old and Inti
mate friends of the newly murrled couple.
Later Mr. and Mrs. leather left for a
short wedding journey that will culminate
at Montague. Slsklyou County, where
Mr. Prather Is Interested In cattle und
farming. . ' • :
The bride was the wife of the late Dr.
Sperl. who died abroad some time- since.
She is ■ Southern woman of most charm-
Ing personality. Tho groom has many
friends about the bar. as well a* many
relatives in the best-known families.
Thirteen German Heirs.
.OAKLAND. Deo. 27.— A petition for. a
partial distribution of the $200,000 estate
of Christopher Slreltberpcr. deceased,
was filed In the Superior Court late this
afternoon. The estate consists solely of
money and the petition for th? distribu
tion of $160,600 thereof Is filed by thirteen
heirs residing In Germany. The matter
will come up for hearing .before Judge
Greene next Tuesday.
Nuevo Potrero Club Jubilant.
The Noevo Potrero Improvement Club
met In Rellly's. Hall on Rhode Island
street and expressed Its f?ra flea lon to
the Supervisors and the Mayor for con
cessions made to their district. Attorney
C. P. Klmball Informed the 200 members
present that the Market-Street Railway
Company had been granted permission to
erect wooden poles on Twenty-fourth
street, from Howard to Rhode Island, for
the stringing of trolley wires., . :
The concessions were made at the earn
est solicitation of the re*iii<rts of the
district, as they deemed the extension of
the car line as absolute necessity At
torney Klmball was aided . y J. Banluhn.
president of the club, and Patrick Rellly.
owner of considerable property In the
Mission district. The Call was thanked
for Its support. ,-;.* ;
Market Inspector Hemovd.
Dr. J. H. Barbat of the Boar.l of Health
on Tuesday removed Samuel Brunswick
from his position of Assistant Market In
spector and appointed Sam Mayer to fill
the vacancy. Dr. Barbat's action will he
ratified at the next meeting of the board.
Brunswick's dismissal Is the outcome of
the recent visit of several health officials
In Butchertown. over which Brunswick
exercised supervision. Several or the
slaughter houses were found to be In a
frightful condition and their owners were
ordered to Improve them under, penalty
of having them condemned. According
to the health authorities, the bad state
of affairs lr- the malodorous locality wus
directly the result of Brunswick's- gross
neglect of his duties, and his dismissal
followed. ".,-•
Foresters Elect Officers.
The followinp named have been ejected
officer* of Court Barbaroesa, Foresters of
America: M. Herrell. chief ranger; Fred
erick Lusche. sub-chief: Edward Nord
hoff. treasurer; If," Uerßtold. financial «ec
retary: John- B. Blum, rcvordlnt; *»\:rt
tary: F. J. Wagner, senjor woodwaM: Hi
Hnab. Junior w»v.dwnrd: A. R»r<h. neii'or.
bcadln: H. Allen. Junior beadl?; \\ a.
Meyerdlerks. court physician ; <"irles
Henrlchs M»d Theodore Wetne. trustee*.
.■♦ • ■
Nothing hurts the dignified rnnn more
than to have a nonentity call him by his
JLrsl name. Haw '"■ ' '
DON JOSE PICO
PUTS TO ROUT
TWO BURGLARS
Fills One Full of Bird
shot.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway. Dec. 27.
Don Jose Ramon Pico, the oldest Na
tive Son in California and a descendant
of the old Pico family of early tipanish
days, had an exciting battle with two
burglars at his home In Temescal early
th» moraine He shot one of the men,
as was proven by the blood that was
found in the yard after daylight, but
both got away.
It was somewhere In the neighborhood
of 3 o'clock that Major Pico was awak
ened by hearing some one trying to pick
the lock of his front door. He heard the
man at work with some iron instrument.
The major was not frightened by th«
prospect of burglars and ho Spanish
blood was aroused and taking a shotgun
that he keeps always with him he made
a reconnoifibance in force against the in
vaders md found two men standing on
the porch that surrounds the old Pico
residence.
The disparity In numbers did not worry
the major or did he concern himself
with the 'act that several men have been
killed in Oakland while resisting burglars
and highwaymen. He made a flank
movement upon the attackl.fs forces. Ho
tired through a window. The man who
was working at the door uttered a cry
and jumped off the porch to the ground,
about seven feet below. His companion
drew a revolver and fired at random and
then he. too. fled from the sc*ne.
Having routed the enemy Major Pico
made an investigation and found marks
on the lock of the door where the men
had been working. He searched the yard,
but there way no trace of the men. This
morning he found blood in the yard,
showing that the man he shot at had
been hit.
'I would have killed the man," mid
Major Pico to-day In telling the story,
"if my sun had not been loaded with
fine birdshot. I saw him working at the
door and fired through the window ana
I found blood, showing that the man had
been shot."
810 DEAL RECORDED.
OAKLAND. Pec.' —The Puget Sound
Lumber Company to-day placed on record
a deed from Marcuse <& Remmel, trans
ferring to It all of the property, owned by
that firm In Alameda; only >■ nominal
consideration being mentioned. The trans
fer, which has attracted unusual atten
tion, grew out of some old financial trans
actions. The deed covers many different
pieces of property scattered all over Ala
meda. aggregating £5.000 in value.
"I Infer from what I have- heard." said
Julius A Hemmel to-night, "that this
transfer Just recorded Is a collateral se
curity on some of our property given sev
eral years ago to secure payment of our
note. Pome of the. transfers were made
two yearn ago and some an far back as
five years ago. We made this assignment
on a note. There I- nothing about ft from
which a business failure might be in
ferred, and there has been no assignment
of our business. Our firm is perfectly
solvent and will continue in business."
Lane-Palmer Wedding.
' ALAMKDA. Dec. 2Z— Charles »V
Palmer of Ollroy and Miss Annie Lane of
Leona Heights were married at 1:SO
o'clock this afternoon at the First Bap
tist Church. Rev. Dr. Thomas Baldwin,
pastor of the church, officiated. The hrfdt*
Is the daughter of D. R. Lane, the genial
manager of thr rotel at Leona Hel^h'.s
The bridegroom Is a Jeweler In business
at Gllroy. After a short wedding tour
Mr. and Mrs. Palmer will reside at Gllroy.
CfiffcW is the equal (and in FRKSHNESS the . B\\vife-7
{J/Ccrmf superior) of the finest Dutch or any I vO/ c^'
other imported goods. Costs about gS Si©^
(rW 50 cups — 30c
C,-\.'-JM r&C: Aak your groc*r— » »c; In> «oc. I "^j
gwL- Made by a new process by the manu- 2'2 ' '
$2f GHIRARDELLrS BREAKFAST COCOA Hffl
OLD MAN KILLED
BY A FRACTIOUS
TEAM OF HORSES
Run Over and His
Back Broken.
. Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway. Dec. 27.
Alexander Labaret was run over and
killed at the comer of Fourteenth street
and Broadway this morning by a big veg
etable wagon which the driver was not
able to control. Labaret. who is a man
nearly to years of ag*. could rot set out
of the way and the horses knocked him
down and the was passed over htm,
breaking his back and causing death.
The wagon belonged to G. Flppo rt
West Berkeley and was driven by D.
Haronl. It was a very large wagon,
heavily laden with vegetables, and was
coming down San Pablo avenue at a high
rate of speed. The driver did not ba\ •?
very good control of the animals an<l
when the team swung Into Broadway they
struck the slippery bttumen and he then
bf>came utterly unable to control them.
The team plunged Into ■ crowd that was
crossing the street at the time, scattering
women and children and narrowly mis»-
Ing several besides the old victim.
Dr. 8. H. Buteau had such a narrow *».
cape from being knocked down thnt th*
double-trees lust grazed the doctor's coat.
La barer was not so agile ar.d he was
knocked upon his back. The front whee;<
passed over him and then he turned over
on his face, and while Vrylnjr to era* I
cut the back wheels passed over him an<l
broke his hack.
Baroni stopped his horses as soon as hi
[ could and came back to see If the old man
was hurt. He found that he was dra<t
and was placed under arrest by Poltc*
Captain \\ llson. who happened to be on
the Epot. Baronl made no resistance an<l
said that his team was unmanageable and
that he did what he could to prevent th?
accident, but the slippery pavement roatlo
It Impossible to turn his horses.
Police Judge Smith ordered him -leas* I
upon his own recognlzar.ee and he will not
be held.
iret was an old Frenchman
supplied the San Fr -
French delicacies. He lived tn Alamtd*
and Is not known to have any family.
FUNERAL OF MISS ETHEL
CROOKS AT HAYWARDS
HATWARDS. Dec. 27.— The funeral of
Miss Ethel Crooks, the daughter of tho
late J. E. Crooks, took place this morn-
Ing from her late home In l nil city. Key.
James Hulme. rector of Trinity EpUco
pal Church of Hay wards, preached tho
funeral jermon and the remains w. •-,
taken to Cypress Lawn Cemetery m Hun.
Francisco lor interment.
The funeral was one of the largest ever
held in Haywards. The pupils of tha
Hay wards High School attended In a
body out of respect to their fellow-scholar
and friend and there were many beauti
ful floral offerings. The pall-b*arera were:
Professor John Gamble, principal of tho
Haywards High School; Proftasor Wil
liam Greenwali. principal of the Hay
wards Grammar School; P. Wllfcert. C,
Kupprlcht and T. F. Gray of Hayward*
ana J. Reed of Renlcia. Music waa ren
dered by Mr». Ivy Wandesford-Kersey.
Miss Annie Obennuller and Mi-» OUvo
Allen.
BUYS LAND FOR
A CANNERY SITE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
903 Broadway. Dec. 27.
An enterprise of considerable magni
tude was Inaugurated this morning I
placing on file with the County R»
deeds to two blocks ot land in west Oak
land, upon which will at once be com
menced the construction of a lar*
nery. The deeds wer- mv !•• by Wllliarn
P. Honing U. Fred.rv. k ! Mtnann I
the firm of Ttllmann A Bendel of Ban
Francisco, who are back of the enterprise
The land lies between Tw.-nti.-th an.l
Twenty-second and Wood a
-t. and was recently reclaftned by
dredging.
The purchase price of th« land Is not
.. but it is said to be something over
SIS ««j. The establishment of a large can
nery on the Oakland war#»r front hi -
be<n> contemplated by Tlllmar.n A i
and it Is their Intention to commene
on the buildings at once. It is estimate- 1
that the cannery will employ several hun
people during the summer r..
and it Is expected that It' a Will
encourage other enterprises on the water
frunt.
Identified as A. S. Raye.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27.— The body of th»
man found floating In the bay near Goat
Island yesterday was Mentlfled to-day by
Miss Bessie Oakes. residing at 122 Eighth
street. San Francisco, as that of Albert
9. Rave, a laborer, who formerly resided
at the same address and was employed
by the Johnson Bridge Company of flan
Francisco. . K.*ye had been latterly work-
Ing at Point Richmond and was last aeen
there on the 12th instant. Whether his
death wr9 suicidal or accidental has not
been learned.
Secured Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Dec. 27.— Among those who
obtained marriage licenses here to-day
were: Valentin*- Schmidt, aped 5* year*,
and Winifred Franklin, aged 41 yearn.
both of Petaluma; Edgar C. Crowall. 25
years, and Clara McDonald. 32 years,
both of San Francisco; John Murray. 44
years. Ban Francisco, and Khoda Anna
Gray. 44 years. Alameda.
Arrives in New York.
OAKLAND. Dee 27 — William E. Dar
gle Jr.. fin of w E. Dargie, ba« i:
In New York and 1«
perlal Hotel prior to his de;
Paris. Darrle will art as assista
Secretary Varney Gaskli!
nla cumral-iiion at the p-i-
910
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
NT.RF OFFICE of the Fan Francisco
Tnll. crroer cf Market and Third f treats, open
t:rt!l II o'clock every nltrhi in the year.
frtANCH OFFICE?— S:7 Montgomery street,
rcrner Clay: 1 f-n until 5:20 p. m.
?f3 Hays rtwt: cprn until 9:20 p. ••.
ftf McAllUter street cpen until 9:33 p. ra.
tu Larkta street: cn»-n until •■•*■ p. m.
ttCI Mlsfton ttrret: cpea until 10 p. m.
r?CI Market ttreet. corner Sixteenth; open
en.i! t p. m. . -.* ' '
!06 Hleveath rtr*M; <T*n until 9 p. ra.
l r fC Valencia rtrrrt: ;«"\ until 9 p. m.
:tti Polk rtn>et; cpen until • p. m.
Ncrlfcwest crmer of Twenty-kecood and K.en-
'. .rVy rtrerf: <-p»n iir.til 9 p. •:.
r .. " "™"^^^"^^^^ =
31CET1NG NOTICES.
YFTUJV BUEXA L-xir.e of Perfection *S?*
tNo l-Mretlisg THIS (THURSDAY) A
EVENING nt S o'clock. D. IS. jKL
Gi*J. J. HOPE. Secretary. C2i>
CALIFORNIA Lodpe No. 1. F. and A. *
!;,L—The officers and members ■ t;f; xx
iitvavo-nami-d lodse are hereby notified jrjr
to attrnd the funeral of our law'X* r A
brother. CHARLES NASH. In King Solotaw ■
HaJl Ma»un:c Temple^ THIS DAY (TUURS-
DAT): I>ec«inber 2S. ■':■ at ISO p. m. Mas-
t.T 2Ja*ons and friends of the deceased, are
Isvited. Uv order of the Kjm.l
KRANKLLN H. DAY. Secretary.
VISSXON Charter No. 79. R, A. M.— •
Ft-colal meeting THIS (TIIURSDAY)^V,
:Vi:NINU 7:SI o'clock. Mission u> J\J\
,'t.l.- Temt'le. 2«* Mission tt. Mark'^r*
~.<i.t'tr deer-*. By order of the 11. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
SrtlTll Fan Francisco Lodg* No. 212. F. •
wi3 A M.. mevt* THIS (THURSDAY) _^_
rvEMN'J at 7 o clock for third degree. TK2T ,
Mttfr Mu«<>n« rordtaliy Invltej. By »
order of tbe Master. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodre No. 5:6. F. and A. M.— ■
CVllfd meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
, .:;NJ.\<; at 7:30 i/clock. Th.rd de ]\2\
ire*. Master Mus-ona are invited. By/^ 1
order of the W. M.
J. R : GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodce No. 2. L *$*£$%£*,
0 c y ■>>::'. era aui rr.« nit>»r»
will rae«t at 11$ Guerrero st. THIS r *Z%MKI^.
UAY «THLIISDAY). at 2:15 -'WrF'
o'clock, to attend thn funeral of our la:*
brother. V.'IUJAM TURKINGTON. P. G.
J. J: REGAN. N. G.
PACIFIC Lodge No. IK. I. 0.0. F.. J £j*«C*%.
• 11l initiate THIS NINO. «JBFJ|JL,
l»<-oeml>er :*. V*». Visitors cor- ~-z?£l*&!SSr
daily invited. ' /m
F. L. TURPIN. Noble Grand.
FRANK P. ASHWORTH. Recording Sec.
VF.STERN ADDITION Lodge No. ~*yr»£V
2SS. I. <>. Q. F.. will have & i.r.h>i>7-*^C
initiation THURSDAY £YEN- J 2SaM§2F
ING. Decensbcr Zi. "■»
D. REES. N. G.
M. F. LEE. Sec
THU 8. F. Scottish Tlilstle Club > ay
: sets THIS 1 THURSDAY) EVEN- A Q » v J
ING. Fraternity Hall. 22 OFnrreU -J^&k*
•t.. at • o'clock. Tickets for Hog-
::.-.: sy will be dlFtrll.uted.
JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATER^ON. Recorder.
CALEIONIAN Club— Members are v \f N^
1 ;•:.■;'.;>• requested i» »t:c:il fu- C?, O»T,/
ncral herx'lces of our late clansman, >^j^g
. <TIAP.LES NAPH. at Masonic Tern-
pie TO-DAY (THUIISDAY). at 1:30 o'clock.
A2CGUB MoLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. S.ctvtan-.
BURKABY Lodge No. IM. Sons &j*>^
of St. Georr«- — Officers and £ZP^sf\f
m«al>rrs are herfby not!- tZyfj^LJKX
fled of the fun*ral of our »-<^jr^S. SS^V
late t-puther. LIKI'TEXANT
NASH, from Masonic T«-m- y\. Vlwt»
pie. I'ost and Montrfrnery % S I
Ms , Tins DAY (TIIURS- Vf?2^Ss*
DAT). December :«. at 1:3-1
o'clock. All are invited.
R. J. A3REY. Secretary.
HON. TOM L. JOHNSON, slngle-taxer. will
address tbe p»*ople of Francisco at Metro-
politan Hall. Fifth st., n.-ar Market. FRIDAY
KVENING. I>ec. 29. ISI<9. .-. S o'clock: all
•wits free acd none reserved. Mr. Johnson
1 . ■.••:<■■..: .riy dretres to have questions ask<*d
upoa any ;'..-»- of the single tax. which he I
■m :i endeavor to answer. • j
ANNUAL raeetlng— Pprtng Valley Water Works
—The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Spring Vallry Water Works 111 be hfld
at the office of the com;*ny. li' 6 fiiockton'et.,
San I""rancisico. Cal.. a- 12 o'clock ra. on
WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of January. 1900.
to elect trustees to serve for the ensuing year
and for the transaction of such other bust-
1.-** as may come before the meetlnc.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
rTCKTK HOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of th* California Dry
I »>ick Company will ■• held it th«. office of
the compaa}. No. 302 California street. San
rraiH-isco. Oal.. on MONDAY. January 8.
ISt.V). at 11 o'clock a. ra.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
rnsulnt year and for the transaction of such
ether business as may r>!T*rJy come before
the meeting. W. F. RUPSELL. Secretary-
Office No. 202 California St.. room I. San
Francisco, Cat, Decerr.ber 24. 1659^
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing cf the stockholders of the Wlttram Pro-
;■>'.'.' r Ccrr.pejiy will be held at their office,
Sr7 Market at.. Ban Francisco. California, on
MONDAY, the eighth day cf January. 1900,
at the hour of S p. ra.. for the purpose of
electing a bnard of directors t<> serve for the
wirulrig ye-ar. and the transaction of such
«•'.>.- business as may come before the meet-
Ing. CHARLES A. HUG. Sec.
Office*. ~T Uarkart rt.. San Francisco. Call-
forr.'.a.
THE r.ual meeting of the stockholders of
Tr;» Nevada National Bunk "f San Francisco.
r>l.. will be held at its banking house. 201
Montcotr.ery »t.. Ban Francisco. Cal . on
TUF.FDAY. January 9. 19ftO. at 2:15 o'clock p.
m . for the elr-ction of dli^ctors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
«"ihcr business as may come before the meet-
ir; CEO. GRANT. Secretary.
Tar? Fr»nr«*«Nv IVr»Tr>w«r • If?*.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. KING, sixth floor Chmn-
!'■> bulldlnc: no advance charges; all cases;
«~tstfs. raortcaces. damar* s. collections;
bankruptcy: wllla, etc.. drawn; moderate
ft-es; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce llw a specialty; privat*;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE atty at law. CO Market, cor. Etoektn.
ADVICE fr»e; no charg* unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, sr Market st.. opp. Mason.
F. 11. KKBSBACB, attorney at law. has re-
■BUti a rrectlce at tO2 Cal. sc. Clunle bldg.
L B. PLARK. • • ma Spreckeis bldg.. ?S7 Mar-
k<t st.; crnrultattcn free; no f^es In advance.
BOARD AND ROOMS. '
A-THH NWM^NDIH'»r > Eddy— Newly fur-
nished throughout: thoroughly renovated and
papered; Funny suites and single rooms; hot
water in every room: new management: ta-
Ne hr^arden srr^mmo<lated: excellent table;
w'.ll be r<-a«!y to receive guests January 1.
EI'DY. 113— United States Hotel; rooms $1 SO
v.'k bp. with •rd $5 14); suite for two with
board. $12; board. M week, meals. St; ele-
xytor runs all night.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market — Elegant
new furnltme; flrat-clawt In every respect;
t*Me unsurra«sed » hot and cold water; ele-
vator; eulvs. with :.r1 for 2, $1.0 month up.
XI!W family hotel: rtrtt-class in all appoint-
mtnts; exp»-llrnt table. ff<7 California St., oc-
cupying corner opposite Grsce Church.
•IJELGRAVIA HOTEU-^Polk and Clay— Sun-
ny fu'.tps: »>e«t board: for 2. Mr up: single. $20.
LAP PALMAS.IttO Market »t. -Suite cf 2 or I
rm». ; private; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
O'FARRKI ; 742— Clean, onmfortable rooms;
rood !»Mf board; tprrr.w to holiday transients.
DOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
COUPLE desire sunny rooms and rood board
with rrflnd rrtvate family; please state par-
tlcularg a.id terms. Address box 4SOI. Call.
KINGIJ: rorm for gentleman; with or without
U lim J;,? II / l '» n .-*1 erred; best of references.
I«rx 151 0. Call offlc*.
YOUNO gentleman desire* room and board with
private family; state price. Box IS7O. Call.
A MIDDM^-AGED gentleman wants room and
bnard wlU> widow; no other boarders. Ad-
. <rrfs box tOCL Call office.
nRST-CLAES room and beard wanted- ao ob-
Jectlca If part or the whole in exchange for
vocal and plan* lessons; by leading singing
leacher cf I F.. whoi* offic* Is la central Jo-
«^tt;on. V"T :-t, ,- ',] nfflo.
HOOKS— NEW AND 01.
RrnOOL BOOKS bought •angeiT
Holmes Bock Co.. 7.*>4 Mlsslcp St.. near Third.
HOOTS AN I> S lIOIIS. '•«
FPECIAL— Ladies' flne 'white bride sandals
'French heels) ;. tpecjaj price, only $1 a pair
PEOPLES SHOE STORE. "Cheapest of
Th»ra AIL" 13C3 Stockton St.. tir. Broadway.
BUSINESS. CHANCES. ~~~
A— <2oo; BALOON and dgar stand; prominent
corner; near Keamy St.; good value In slg-ht
club-morr.s If required: cuu»e of sale owner
leaving Stale. STENBERG CO.. :•«'■* Ke*my.
A-J700; RESTAURANT: . very best location
nrar Sixth st ; finely fitted; doing good buiil-
rc-ss; rent only iZ^: other business eora&ela
rale. STENUERQ CO.. Kearny st.
XT.*'— OC)RNi:il saloon and lodging h mse: bar-
tan account of departure. McLAUGH-
LIN* CO.. 777H Market ft.
JiJI— RESTAURANT; 25c meals: flne location;
good bußiftioa; must sell. BASILE. I Eddy
CANDY and loe cream parlor, must sell at
eacv COWING A CO.. m Market at.
nUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
t»CK>-SALOON: »4tabliVhM-" years; leas* if
wanted; Market and Mafon sts.; first class;
j'ayinj:; value of furniture and stock $1500; a
pplendld bargain. Particulars R. O. WILKE,
•M Market n. ..-...—■ ■ ._
A- M6«0: THE leading restaurant and oyster
parlors on Market St.. close to Powell; open
Uay and night: clearing about $550 per month;
lease. Call K. O. WILKE. &0C Market et.
A— *6oo: GROCERY in Oakland, with horse and
wagon; rent $10: a go*<l raying business; all
frrsh stock. Call R. G. WIUKK. M Market.
A — $990 — RESTAURANT, oyster and chop
hous«, with dully receipts of $20; only first-
class prices; rent $45; the best location In this
city. Call R. O. WILKE.. 806 Market st.
A— CORNER saloon with 7 years' lease in
wholesale district: place established years;
clearing from $300 to $400 p*r month: no better
offer in market. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— MO' DELICACY store and branch bakery,
on Larkin St.: rent $15: good paying buslm-sa:
fine place for 2 isdles or man and wife. Call
R. G. [TJKK WC Market si
A-USO— CANDY etore and factory, with living
rooms, in choice location, on Polk st.; rent
$22; clears $35 per wo?k: eleeantly fitted; a
rare chance. R. G. WILKE. lOC Market st.
A— S4OOu— CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
loosttonrrent $40; doing a large store and bar
trade: stock all fresh; a rare opportunity.
Call R. O. WILKE.- 906 Market st.
A— s»'io— PORK- and delicacy store, doing a
large and first-class paying bnsiness; rent
• $10; the very best location; owner must sacri--
f.ce on account of other investments: a great
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 904 Market st.
DRUGSTORE— BeIow Invoice: must sell before
' January 10; good reason. Railroad aye. and
Park st., Alan
i SALOON, old-established comer, at a bargain;
side entrance to cafe; departure cause of
sale. 632 Market St., room 6.
CANDY -store for sale; will Invoice $800; must
tdl at once; make an offer-, any old price.
Cl 2 Post at.
1 lAIN Cigar store; muet be "sold; owner
taken position. Inquire 57 Third st.
OLD established barber shop, with tools and
rooms: rent cheap. ii' 3 Howard st.
WANTED— Three-chair barber shop; must' be
paying well. 2; Langton st.
FOR BALE— old and well-eetabllsbed mer-
chant tailoring business in Southern Califor-
nia. For Information apply at REISS BROS.
* CO.. 24 Sutter street.  • t
LIQUOR store, including building and lease,
with or without stock. Apply to owner, 220
East st.
SADDLER? and harness business for sale; es-
tablished 3 years. Apply 7C9 Mission st.
RESTAURANT, transient location, for sale,
Inquire In meat market. 576 Howard street.
TO LEASE— Furnished hotel; jrood country
town. Address box IM9. VI office.
FOR SALE— Resaurant, IS Fourth street; do-
Ing good business; cheap. -
YOUNG or middle-aged man as partner in the
painttnt; and paperhanglnir business: must
have small amount of capital. Address box
tP4. Call office^
$2000— PARTNER want.-d In old established
business. ■ Box 1714. Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
\v CASvTELL * CO/8, 412 Sacramento st.
6HOP for painter, plumber, carpenter; rent
and more In work. WM. HENDRJCKSON
A CO.. £14 Call building.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 12Z3 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
BAKERY, also laundry wagon:. fine top buggy,
almost n-w; bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons,
new. suitable dry goods stores. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
j 100 PETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
. buggies. surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom .t.
CARPET 111 HIM. AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
I send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. SSX-SS7 Tehama m ; 140. I 43.
CITY- Steam Carpet Beatlns rtta. G. 11.
STEVENS, mgi 3S-40 Sth St.; tel South TV.
I J. McQUEEN'S California c pet Cleaning Co..
I 452 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
_tel. Mala 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS clewed at Sc per yard; laid at >c.
STRATTO.VS. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 249 14th
st : cleaning, Sc per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 12«.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
' •• Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
I cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent Office and factory. 21 Spear st. ■
CLAIRVOYANTS AND IPtaUTI Al.ism.
MIIS?r)n~CLARK. ~ -—
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
rulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
►he reveals every hidden mystery; she will
thow you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move family troubles; restore lost affections;
unite the separated; recovers lost or ■lollia
property: locates minerals; tell« your entire
ilXe. while in a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; sen/) stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
705 Turk St.. nr. Jones. Home Sun. and eves.'
A— PROFESSOR MAY. ~
— ALWAYS SEE THE BEST.
123 TURK STREET.
He excites the wonder and admiration of th»
m«st skeptical; gives advice on love, business
I and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lost affection; If in doubt, trouble or
adversity call, on this gifted medium and 1* will
help you; mediums developed In from 3 to •)
i months; letters containing three questions and
$1 answered; hours. 9 to 8; Sunday. 10 to I.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated SpanUh
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes st . room 7, second floor.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market St.. trance,
test medium; life reader and. medical clair-
voyant; treats all diseases; sittings $1.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
6fts McAllister St.; 10c. Come, skeptics.
' EDWARD EARLE. independent slate writer.
830 Ellis St.; circle Sun, and Wed. evenings.
MRS. DU PREE, rard reading, questions an-
swered by mall; advice given th 7th. room 7.
MME. MOREAU, tae best medium and card
reader; Ssc up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader:
past, present, future. 25c. 14* Sixth st . r. 12.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant. reader; sit-
tings dally. 212H Sixth at. *
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. ZEREDA of t Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings, 2Sq \*- :.-::?>
TOUR future told by cards. 23c. 102vT Sixth St.,
10 a. m to ! p. m. ->;.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921% Mission. op Mint.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; ttc up. 6 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future -hus-
band's picture. 2r>c: ladles. 814 O'Farrell st. .
~~ COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge ua-
less successful. Room 210, 927 Market st.
. COTTAGES TO LET. ~
••— COTTAGE. 5 rooms. . 19 Roscoe. off Crescent
ay., or apply 44 Silver St.. off Third.
DENTISTS. T~ "
A— DR. T. B. UIGG INS' dental parlors. 927
Market st . over Ca/e Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the guns; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices: pure gold fill in us
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that lit from
! $4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays
A NEW ana'?" for painless dentistry—
Synol, on application to the gum*, removes
the pain; see our flesh-colored plates; thinner
and stronger than rubber: warranted for 20
years: crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. 60c; crowns. $2 50: plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the. ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor 4th. rm 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; . gold crowns.
$3 SO up: plate*, extractions free. $4 60 up: of-
lloe hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m Q. W. WILLIAMSON. U. P.. Manager
' OR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell et eT
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges. $4-
. rubber or flexible plates. $3; received •' first
pnies; no students; guaranteed 12 years. • ■
PARIS Dental Parlors. 218 Keamy. cor Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. .$3;. fillings. »c.
LOWEST prices In 8. F. ; work warranted It
* farm. K. Z. Dentists, 863 Mission, cor. «th.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1899.
DENTISTS.
DR. Lt'DLTJM HILL, 1442 Market St.. near
Eleventh — Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; (as given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10 oper-
ators; no student*. 997 Market at. - ...
Guaranteed dentistry. $1 per week: refer to (000
city patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 «th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk at.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: t graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
PARISIAN dresamaklnc. JS7 Geary; dresses
made (5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School: leading sys-
tem; easy payments; eve classes. 103 Post.
8. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. • .
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Bt.. 8. F. :
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; tew SO-page catalogue free. .
ALL efflcia! reporters of this city advise stu-
dents to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Insti-
tute." Parrott building: be wise; -follow their
advice; be thorough; life scholarship $50. .
AYRES" Business College. 723 Market St., con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayre*;
life scholarship $50, Includes all branches.
ALL students but two ' taking full course
this year got positions. " SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE.. 1236. Market st.
ENGINEERING school.clvU.electrlcal. mining.
raech.. survey, assay, archl.: day and even.;
est. ISM VAN DER NAILLEN. 93$ Market.
MISS M. O. BARRETT is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates; lessons
- personally and by mall. SO" Montgomery St.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF..
MERKI. IMS Mission; vlqlin, mandolin, guitar.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkln St.. cpp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv.or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
LAW schools. 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arlthmetlc.grammar. writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 MlMlon.nr.6lh.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 17.
THE Hitchcock School, San Rafael, for young
men and boys; Easter term begins Jan. 7.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrcll .st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell. near Sutter; tel. Black 13:1
FIELD'S Employment Agency— furnished
free. 655 Clay st.; phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE Information bureau: Japanese and
Chinese help 421 Post; phone Main 1956.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell st ; t. 1 East 428.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp, Agency; all kinds
help GEO. OAKI. SO Geary st ; tel. Grant 36.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position a* housekeeper: city or
country. Call 6S-76 Kills St., room 131, 1 to *.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes 'position
as housekeeper for widower; either city or
country. BC4 Clay St.. bet 7th & Bth. Oakland.
WANTED— By young lady, position as cashier
or reception lady In doctor's office. Address
S7l WaUworth aye.. Oakland.
WANTED— Sewing and mendtn* to do at home.
150 Fourth «t.. room 7. • • #
WOMAN wishes to go out by th* day washing
or housecleanlnc. Call at 30$ Fulton st.
WOMAN wants work by the day: washing or
houseclcanlng. . Address 127 Turk et.
YOUNG Fvv«*dish girl wants place to do second
work; wages f?0. 1307 Buchanan st.
WANTED — Good home, clothing and schooling
for two girls, one 10 and the other 12 years.
Call at 12 Cadell place, off Union St.. be-
tween Dupont and Stockton.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
nurse; would assist with light work: refer-
• «ices. 618 O'Farrell st. ■
GERMAN midwife and nurse wishes some more
• ngagementx by ladles In confinement. MRS.
WOLTER. 132 Sixth st. • . .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket. %0 rooms: r.<- to $1 SO night: $1 50 to %i
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bun
and baggage to arid from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rlpttons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia ft.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at i;.' 3 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m. .
EM PLO YMENT WANTED MALE.
MAN and wife want situations in restaurant;
man dishwasher; wife experienced ' waitress.
440 Natoma st . second flat, in rear. ; • -
PAPERHANGER (with tools), painter, etc
best references, wonts work. ANTON, 130$
Lagur.a st.
UPHOLSTERER desires work In furniture
store; permanent work more object than sal-
ary. Box 1: '. Call office. .
JAPANESE good boy wants position to do
king or housework; $3 M upward; good ex-
perience. H UENO. I£s Jessie «t.
YOUNG man wants to learn baking; wages no
object. Address J. H.. 3C51 Nineteenth st. .
BOY 15 years old: speaks German; desires situ-
ation as office boy in city; architect's office
preferred; temperate hablte: does not use to-
bacco. Address boxS27. Call office. Oakland.
CARPENTERING and Jobbing of all descrip-
tlons. Address W. C.L.. 627 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Situation or employment in private
family; understands care of horses or cows,
etc.. In this city: a native of Bohemia. Ad-
dress box IBM, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch Office. 2200 Fillmore ts.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at IK3 Polk »t.: open till 9 p. m.
EXCHANGE.
FIRST-CLASS business for an Alameda house
and lot. Address box 15&3. Call office. J
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
INFLAMED eyes, or continuous eye troubla
can at once be overcome with Mayerle's Ger-
man eye water, by mall. Me. GEORGE MAT-
ERLE. German Expert Optician. 107lH> Mar-
kt-t rt.. Pan-Francisco: telephone Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
CLEAN lower flat for clean people; 8 rooms;
$10. 12308 Broadway, near Hyde st.
UPPER flat— 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay «t., near Fillmore.
YORK. 930— Flat of 6 rooms and bath.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
you get from BALDWIN A HO WELL, U
Montgomery st.
A WEEKS news for t cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 p»r year.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
C SUNNY rooms, with bathroom; open from 11
to 3. 732 Post St.. above Jones.
FREE TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643. Los Angeles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard; 3i)x6o inch rugs.
• $1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1210-1312 Stockton
St., near Broadway; open evenings. .
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for***! 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red. 8353.
ALFRED, WOLLPERT. .773 Mission et.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-han'd furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc.; highest
price paid: postal. M. Bllversfln. 1121 Market.
HELP WANTED— AGENTS."
BIG commission, percentage Increase, share In
stock, salary: men, women to sell investment-
tavtnßß bonds; better than bank or building
and loan stock. Call room 60S, Parrott bid*
12 to. 4 daily.
GOOD reliable agents wanted to Introduce a
new S6o article. 136 Keamy st., room 8.
WANTED— solicitor Box 1520.
1 Call office.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
WANTED z nurses. $2>: English cook. $25; 6
cojks, German Btylo. $25 and $30. 6 second
girls. $20 and $20; 2 French second girls. $20
and, $25; io girls for cooking and housework.
OttJtland. Sausalito, Alameda and Berk.lv.
RS; '.< waitresses for restaurants and private
boarding-house*, nice places. $.'• and $6 a week
and $20 per month; I neat waitresses for name
place, private boarding-house. $20 each: 2
Protestant laundresses $26 and $30; 3 cooks
for boartllnu-houses, J25 and $30. and more
than l'«) girls for house^work in American and
German families at" $20 and $25. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO..^ 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Scandinavian houseglrl. 3 In family.
for Alameda. $C 5. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEART ST.
Waitresses for hotels; I same house, city: 2
city; Slitter <Teek. .Selm.i, Fresno, Woodland.
Marysville, Nevada; 2 BakersnVld, Keswlck,
GaJt. Holllster. Angels Camp. $2P and $22 50
each and fare; laundress, small hotel, country.
$.20: cook, small hotel, country, $ 3(> : 2 re?-
taura/it waitresses, V iO. JS week; 23 places
for housework. $25. $20 $15. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 W«ary »t. ' ■
COOK. Institution, $40, must be a Protestant:
chambermaid, hotel. $20; s»>c,ind girl. $13;
nurse. $20; laundress. Institution, $25: 60
nousework glrlß, $25 and $20. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
WANTED— A strong, neat woman to help In a
iarjr'* family; plain cooking, etc.; a perma-
nent home to the right person; wapes small.
Call or address coal office, Thirteenth and
Webster sta.. Oakland.
WANTKD— A voting lady to work In oyster and I
•delicacy store; one who has had experience |
preferred; mint have reference. Call at 412'» ]
Sixth st.. to-day, between 10 a. m. and 3 p. m.
MIDDLE- AGED woman to take extra char«e
of baby of 18 months: good home to Protestant
woman ; $15 per month. Box 4199. Call office.
NEAT young girl with good references for very
light housework. Apply at 622 Stelner st.
from 10 to 12.
COLORED girl for general housework In small
family; wages $16. 710 Cole st.
1 DOWNSTAIR*? girt, cook and second girl;
references required. 1180 O'Farrell «t.
WANTED— Young girl for Imkery st-> r e. 831
Fourth st.
YOUNG. lady to canvass for Job printing; good
salary- 606 Market st.. upstairs.
WANTED— A finisher' on vests who can do but-
tonholes. 139 Kearny st., room 11.
WANTED— Waitress for email restaurant;
wages $5 per week. 406 McAllister st.
WANTED- Nursegirl; must be neat and dean.
Apply at 2*22 Pine st.
WANTED NurseKlrl. 2408 Flllmore st^
GIRL to assist with light housework; good
home. 4f>34 Seventeenth st.. near Castro. •
WANTKD- Woman to assist in light house-
work. Apply 1253 Folsom St.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom
coats. 410 Kearny st.. room 20.
WANTED— Woman to work In lodging house.
Call after 6 d. m. at 224 O'Farrell Bt,
GIRL to assist with housework; $S; sleep home.
616 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED <;irl to help in dining-room; wages
$15. 619 Sacramento st.
WANTED— LadIes for special work; easy and
remunerative. Call after 7 p. m., room 604.
Sixth floor, Parrott bldg.
COOK wanted at S3O Main st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on coats. 272 Stevenson
street.
GIRL wanted. 12 to 16 years old, to help with
light housework. Apply at 111 Silver st.
GIRL for dressmaking; steady work; good
wagvs. S,'7 Folsom st.
A YOUNG girl for light housework; small fam-
ily: good home. 3334 Clay st., near Central ay.
WANTED— A nurse girl with references. 718
Market st.
LADIES to iearn barber trade; only requires
eight weeks to learn this very profitable busi-
ness; halrdressing taught In four weeks. <"all
or write for free illustrateil catalogue, llu-
LEP.'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per 'week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
IFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCfI office frr 'all advertisements and
tiuL.-.Tlptloas has been established at 1U96. Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
t!Fements and subscriptions haa been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until » p. m.
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and I
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- :
tnr-ky ats. : open until 9 p. m.
HELP WAXTED MALE.
MURRAY A RKADY PHONE MAIN 5841
Leading Employment ana Labor Agents.
Want to-day. 7 a. m
14 pruners, orchards and vineyards
$28 and $2o and found
23 farm and orchard hands
$26 and $20 and found
I laborers for an orchard, no experience re- ;
quired to hoe. make yourself useful, $1 36 day; j
15 2-horse teamsters, fare $1 $1 75 day]
12 4-hor»e teamsters, fare $1 $. .l;iy
i laborers In San Francisco $30 and found j
6 teanist-rs, city work $26 #nd found I
6 laborers, fare 2.V }4G M
milker and butter-maker $2.". and found
miners who enn sharpen own tool* '
gardener, private country Job.. $23 and found ,
156 woodchoppers, Ue, shingle bolt and i
picket makers. $2 50. $2. $1 50. $1. 75c cord. !2c i
each; laborers for foundries, city $1 ;.O day !
6 ranch teamsters, fare $3 $26 and found .
piano player; German cabinet-maker. MUR-
RAY & READT. 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL BUTCHERS B A K EI'.S AND
OTH 1 : ft DE I' a HTM BNT6.
Butcher for a ranch, fare $1 $3. and found '
baker, country- shop $40 and found \
advertising .solicitor. $."0 and 15 per cent
young man, delicacy store, $40 and found-;
14 ciuika for hotels, restaurants, etc..—.
SfiO. 18. $40. *30 an(J found
7 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
boys for butihers, bakery and other shops;
dishwashers. porters. etc. MURRAY A
READT, U4 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED I miners, steady work, $3 per' day;
6 minors. $6] per month, half fare paid: 10 la-
l ran about mine, half fare paid. $170 per
day. no ••xperlence required; choreman for
gentleman's place In country. $-° and found;
farmers, milkers and others. W. D. EWER &.
to.. 81l Clay st.
WANTKD i'akc hnker for country; $18 per
«'.k. W I>. BWER 4- CO., 61. 1 (lay st.
WANTED Elderly man for milk, and batter
d. p«t in city; $20 per month, with hoard and
logins- and washing; flrst-cla«s place. \\\ i>.
EWER & CO.. «10 Clay st.
WANTED— Driver for milk route In city; $35 I
per month and found; youn£. single man. |
• with references. W. D. EWER &. CO., 610
j it.
C. R. HANHEN A CO 104 GEARY ST.
T.-!«n.st> rs for the Coast Road, free fare;
rockmen ami laborers for the White Pass and
Yukon Railroad, Alaska; rockmen for quarry,
$2 60 a day.
Camp cook. rallroßd camp, $50; 2 hotel walt-
ers. V." ' . H. HANSEN A ro., k>4 Geary st.
WANTED— German farmer and wife. $10;
farmer. $20 to $25; driver for baker's wagen.
$30 and found: cake baker. $4.'. and hoard":
steward for restaurant. $13 weok; waiters.
dlshtvn'h<:rs and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT fe CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
BARBER 1 S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS" Progressive Union— Free Employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
TYPEWRITER repairer with factory or home
office experience; permanent position; good
salary; opportunity for right man; must have
Al references. Box 4812. < .ill.
WANTKD- Intelligent youth In fire Insurance
office; must write clearly and rapidly. A'l-
«lress, stating age, references, etc, S. F., P.
O. box 2CS2.
ELDERLY man can have rood home; must be
able to do some bookkeeping; must show ref-
erences as to honraty; wages $5 month. 500
Halght St
WAW A NTE D— Two quarrymen and one planer-
man. call 10 to 12. Colusa Stone Co., 2M
Kearny st.
FIKST-CLASS cutter wanted. Apply at 8. N.
WOOD A CO.. 718 Market et,
BOY wanted. Apply at SELIG BROS., 108 BaT
tery st.
VOKTABMMtAH wanted. «1 Clay st.
GOOD < ook and steady waiter wanted at 432
Fifth st.
WANTED— Boy to work In a blacksmith shop.
1W Folsom st.
OCMDD home for honest man; references. Ad-
dress box 5002. Call office.
I'isnw ashi.i: wantai; mil ■arty. M s Byte
street.
GOOD night waiter wanted at 617 Montgomery
Btreet.
M 0 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. Mi Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Dishwasher who can cook orders.
607 . ,- •
G<>oi> position for steady, sober man with
small capital. 79 Third St.
2 TAILORS on military work. Apply SERGT.
FLICK. Light Battery C Stables. Presidio.
BARBER trade taught; six months' course; no
college; board, Included; STS. Call office.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
■ ■'■'■ — ---' ■ ■"" ij - -'-■■"»«"•«■*■■" -■•'.^
SECOND mate for English ship; for Australia.
Apply at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. ■ -.-■«■
BARBERS— chairs and complete outfit at a
bargain. 1456 O'Farr-11 st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c to
fiOc. 662 MlKnlon St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen,
at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. ■
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced salesman
and buyer for clothing, furnishing goods and
hats. Address letters to box 1554. Call office,
stating references, giving houses where for-
merly employed, age and salary expected.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required: constant practice; expert In-
struction: lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorlal art thoroughly; special
inducements this month: call or write for free
illustrated catalogue. MOI^ER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. The only institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know"
that Ed Rolkln. Reno Hou'e proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
room«: Re per night; $f to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at S.
F. Barber School. 741 A Howard st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 16e breakfast.
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
PENSIONS— J, H. SHEPARD U CO.. • attor-
neys. Hearst bldg. .Third and Market.
200. SINGLE furnished rooms. 16c. 16c ana 23c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read, nn.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
k«t: 700 rooms. 25c night:* read hi room: free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and ' subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
ler.cla st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements or.d subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9p. m. ; .•'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-Second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale i
- — . '
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
827 Plxth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine drought and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
al?o some fine matched black teams.
GENTLE horse, nurrey. phaeton, top buggy.
Apply at 3104 Point Lobo* aye.. cor. 20th.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
R. H. WINSTON & CO. . MM Market st.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
16 rooms; corner; finest furnished house In
city; central: particulars at office.
17 rooms; cheap rent; cheap gas; a money
maker; part cash; men roomers.
30 rooms; new house: new furniture; $2000.
44 rooms); corner; part cash: rent $125: $2000.
$700— LODGING house; 18 rooms; north of Mar-
ket Ft.; bargain, on account of departure.
Mclaughlin _ CO.. 777% Market st.
FOR rale— Well-paying 12-room house; must
pell In- the 3ct. Box 1558. Call. '
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. 11. UMBSEN 4 CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list yea get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery M.
LOST AMI FOUND-
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of Ban Francisco, in the
name of SAMUEL H. JAMISON. No. 237-250.
The finder will please return to bank.
NEWFOUNDLAND doc; .strayed from Polk
and Eddy; 2 yearn old: white spot on breast.
Return to 102S Ellis St.: reward.
LOST— St. Barnard dog. Return to 1547 Paclflc
aye.; good reward. .
LOST— Lady.a gold watch; monogram "B. B."
69 First at.; reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of JOHN McPARTLAND. No. 237-1262.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of WILLIAM SCHNEIDERS. No. 237-992.
The finder will please rturn to bank.
LOST— Dec. 23. a diamond and ruby scarfpln In
form of a spider. Return same to C. MEYER,
418 Market st., and receive reward.
«ST ]>-<-. I; black shepherd pup: 6 months
old; reward. Return 767 Tenth St., Oakland.
FOUND— a yellow mastiff dog. Inquire at 113S
Pacific St., near Jones.
FOUND— Greyhound: owner c.in have same by
paying expenses. 238 Thirteenth st. ;
LOST— Dec. 20, In the vicinity of Fourteenth
and Jefferson sts.. Oakland, a small- purse
containing five diamond rings and two dia-
mond pins. Couple seen to pick up same will
please return to J. F. CONNERS. 1209 Jeffer-
son st . and receive $2w reward.
LOST— Diamond locket: monogram S. 11. " Re-
turn to S. HERZOG. San Rafael: reward.
MEDICAL. ' '■!-.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialists; home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best Care;
guarantied treatment at office, $5; consulta-
tion free. »42 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Lax- '
kin: hours 10 to 5. 7 to 8. • -
DR. G. W. O'PONNELL, the world-renowned
Indies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully; treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; success guaran- '
. teed. Write or call at 10234 Market st. • .
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.. 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge: cure at
office, $5; warranted: 15 years' successful prac-
tice In 8.. F. Office, lIS Eddy St., near Mason.
L*H. POPPER, ladies' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $5; consultation free. 31S Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIDS. 1223 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic dip eases treated; late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed; treatment $}.
PRIVATE confinement home: sunny rooms;
Vest of care; nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEOENER,
phone Pine 2781; re*-, 1312 Golden, Gate aye.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket Ft., bet. Manors and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5: hours 9a. m. t0. 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN.. 1033 Market st.; hours 10
a. m. to sp. m. ; at residence. 228 Van Ncsa
aye., 6 to 9 p. m.; guaranteed treatment.' s3.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy St., bet. Hyd«
and Larkin: hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market
st : every rase guaranteed: $5 up. -• .. -
DR.. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dli-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MINES AND MINING. •
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers:
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stork Ex-
change; 40 cents per share or monthly install-
■ ment*: sond for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St.. rooms 6-7. '
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Sta
floor. Mills building. S. F. ; tel. Main 844.
' MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2 I -ha ml machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, bade bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth. _■
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
TWO-TON Buffalo scale- for sale; a bargain.
Call at 1620 Mission st. i .
AT leas than cost; uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
In the History Building. us -,
TWO 4-foot Ill's ranges; cheap; second-hand
cooking stoves from $."> to $15: coal heating
stoves. $2 50 to $0. Graham & Loane. 439 sth.
$5 IS the price of ■ good silver watch at IN-
CLE HARRIS". 16 Grant, aye. . " ..•
LOT of counters itlo're furniture and fixtures for
sale cheap. Apply to Wm. R. Jack. 1210 Turk.
"LUIGI mow famous Italian mandolin at
■ a bargain. Plaza Loan Office, 702 Kearny. st.
ONE H. B. Smith 4-sided sticker: 1 Goodell &
Waters planer and matcher. 24x6; 1 air com-
pressor; 1 band saw; 6 locomotives; 3 steam-
ers. 220 Fremont st.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced ta
$100: concert records. $2 60. BACIOALUPI.
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $175. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., nr. Pin*.
DRESS pants. $2 76: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers. lathes'
iron _ wood: 2d-hand. J.« BURKE. 159 Beale!
NEW style Singer sewing machine; 6 drawers;
oak; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. lith.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
SAFES— New and second for hanks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety "•'«*••
specie chests, bullion safes, vault*, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. 8. F. Cal.
MAGIC lanterns: new and second-band: acety-
lene generators. Bullard & Breck. 131 Pott st.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 813 Kearny st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSEN.
reliable Jeweler. 103 SlxtH St.. below Mission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery. boilers,
water pipe: new. 2d-hand. Whltelnw.2l6 Spear.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento if
MISCELLAXEOLS 'WAXTS.
WANTED — Painters' falls; call early. 323
Golden Gate aye. .
LOT of old windows and tank clorets; must be
. cheap. Address box 1354. Call office.
A --".:■. MOXEV TO LOW
w -1,.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
■ lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 546 Market
st.: tel. Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st.
ANY preposition, any amount; I per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgage*; confidential: advice free. G. E.
' OLSEN. room 16. firs* floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture, or pianos In 8. F., Oak-
land or Alamedn at lowest rates, without re-
moval: no commission; no delays. Si NOON*
AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above Sixth;
telephone South 14. -
AVOID '!• lay*: try all others, then see me; 130
to IIOO.OOO: 6 p«r cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages. estates in probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Market.
RESPECTABLE, responsible reliable money
lending house; lowest rates; established
1851: our own fireproof building; private en-
trance; private room*. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye. * _ ■
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos:' no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. PECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry, XV. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest prices for old gold, silver, diamond*.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: coufldemtal.
BONELH. Conservatory bldg. 130 Powell st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
CS and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
AT 126 Kearny, rm. 9. respectable private place
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator: tel. Davis 995.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORKELL, 609 Examiner bldg. -
18000 TO loan on furniture and pianos at I per
cent. WINSTON ft CO.. 1026 Market st.
TO salaried men; without collateral or Indorser
S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bulldlJC
$60 TO 180.000; lowest rales; Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
ary proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more mr.n«-v ■■»». H. MURPHY. '10 Market st.
.. MONEY WASTED.
WANTED— I2OOO on first mortgage. Address
box 1331. Callj.offlce.
MISICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your mrdlum and lew-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for |6 per month, und some good
pianos for 13. 14 and 13 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY * CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
"BABY" Decker uprights are "all the rage"
now. See them at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market at.
PACKARD organs are the best of all organs
for churches: send for prices." MAUVAIS.
769 Market st.
THE choicest kind of a Christmas present is an
Olympla music box. Call at MAUVAIS'. 7«9
Market st. and hear them.
IF you don't want to pay all cash you can have
easy payments for any piano at MAUVAiS'.
76Q Market st.
AIJSOL.UTKLY th« oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30.O"Farrell st.
ALL makes for a short time cnly.
$4. 14. 14. 14. $4. 14 per month.
2 Chlckering*. 2 Stelnways. 1 Vose * Sons and
CO other slightly used ha-h and medium grade
pianos: special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Ellis St.
AGENTS— Conover pianos, the artists' favorite;
musicians invited to call and critically exam-
ine and make comparisons. Spencer Piano
House, 'lSlS Market St.; send for catalogues.
GREAT slaughter sale of piano* on storage;
closing out lot of upright* 160 up; open even-
ings. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st. .
SOHMER. Byron Ma.uzy and other piano*. 303
Post st
A SLIGHTLY used Stelnway upright: sacri-
ficed. Room 12. Flood bldg.. 4th and Market.
FINE Fischer A Btelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
BARGAIN— Nice upright piano; only ICO cash;
sold for storage. 1710 Market st.
OUR pianos have arrived; rented 13 per month.
Scott-Curtax Piano Co.. SCO Hayes st.
W. B. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Haltett A Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'3. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN-Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. It
McAllister St.. next Hlbernta Bank.
SUPERIOR vlcllns. withers, old and new. 11.
' MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plate.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada on* year for |1.
postage paid.
OFFICES AXD STORES^ — TO LET.
LOFT— Mission st. : 23x!>9: power available
for shirt, glove, shoe, or paper box factory.
PERSOXALS.
M. J. Time Is. up: you Know what that
means: no money at Long Beach; Runbor. B.
GENTLEMAN would like position as b.*k-
keeper or office work: graduate Heald's:- fair
telegraph operator. reference*. F. E . 424 Ellis.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 jTlfth. Oakland.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca. the best Hair Tonic,
given away: sample bottle sent to your ad-
, dress on application to O. Lederer. 123 Stkton.
JOHN L. BOONE. . Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4/ Sutter St.. Laws a SDtclalty
San Francisco. Cal. American and Forelrn
Send for circular. ' Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 100 rooms;
Ba to II CO per night; II CO to 16 per week;
free 'bus and baggage, to and from the ferry.
LEDERER Is a connoisseur In coiffures; go to
him and have your hair dressed right. 23c-
switches |1 up; open mornings, on holidays
and Sundays.. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tuni'-rs. make-up and wigs; country order* so-
lldted. GOLDSTEIN i CO.. 753 Market ,t
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House- oysters
any style. DAMITRE3 BAROSI3. 27 Ninth
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on B. COHEN. IT. Th,lrd st.
COLEMAN buys clothing. 1 bric-a-brac, tools.
carpets, old gold; send for him. 506 Kearnyj
S V I J, S J ** °!; d S r .9" easy Installments. l.
LEMOS. 1117 Market.. • bet. 7th and Bth.
BKST Price for cast-off clothing and bric-n-
brae. 11. MARKS. 203 Third st.; send postal.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp, f Eddy at.
WANTED— OId Kffl«J for rhanuf'g. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. S4S O'Farrell. bet Powell and Mason!
STAMMERING corrected; booklet. J. WHITR-
HORN. A M.. Ph.D. 1315 I.in.len. Oakland.
• PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME, our own new platinum paper;
superior to alt and lower In i.rl* /ample
'1..7: :.i-. mailed. Cnl. Crime™ C01>22 Geary.
PHRENOLOGY AXD -3IKTA PIIYHICS.
PHRENOLOGICAL reading given All dls^
eases cured without the use of drugs by Profs
DOVE and EILERSFICKEN, 5 Third r
REAL 3STATE CITV — FOR Mil
■^ ° R^HoCKER buildlno.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
The bond Issue Is sure to be elected. Buy a
Park lot before values go up.
We bought our properties at low price* for
cash. Profit by our Judgment and secure bar-
gain*. i. '}.*•_: *.
Sunset Heights Ms, choicest and cheapest of
all, from 1200 up. Call on cs before buying.
Easiest installment*.
1300 to 1800— Richmond lots lower than ever.
IT.-, to 1230— 0n Mlsalon-st. car line »,d Octaa
View lots. IS monthly.
A few nice cottages and lots on Installment*.
Branch office. Ninth avenue, near H st.
open dally. Sunday included. Call for mar*
and diagram,. _
SOL GETZ A BROTHER. *
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
= .
STRAIGHT bona fide bargain: dependable,
splendidly located new modern house; must
be fold Immediately; 9 sunny rooms will b«
sold very cheap. 171 Carl St.. Halght-st. car*,
transfer at Masonic aye.
NEW cottage*, house* and flats for sale ca
Pierce and Waller its., near Halght; over Id
houses sold in same block. Terms to cult by
F. NELSON, builder. . ___^
FOR sale— Cheap, new 2-story houses; I rooms:
latest Improvements: Noe and Hill st*.; n-ar
Castro-st. cars: patent sidewalk.
FIRST-CLASS bpslne»s lot: cheap If sold thl»
w>ek. Box i::.3. Call ■
HUM. ESTATE COIWTRV — For <t«ln
A BAROAIN — Any one wishing to start in
d.ilry business can secure complete outfit.
consisting of 12 hend of cattle. 1 horse. l«
iroats, pigeons, chickens and hogs: also dwell-
Ing house and outhouse. Including furniture.
. Ideal place for fishing and hunting For par-
ticulars address bos ' ■»&. Call.
. 11200— COTTAGE: « rooms and basement; In
Berkeley, near station; lot 33x30; 1100 down. II
monthly.
1300— Rough house; 4 rooms; lot 23x123; 139
down. 110 monthly.
CIIAS. A. BAILEY, owner.
20 Montgomery st.
A-REMOVAL NOTICE ■ —
Another fine move; don't forget my new ad-
dress: finest offices and unequaled list.
N. I>. SICKELS. THE LAND AGENT
10 Oesrr St.. opo. Chronl'-te buildlnr. H. F.
\ ROOMS FOR lIOUSEKEEI'IXG. 7
BUSH. 633^-Front and back parlors, unfur-
nished; also 2 furnished roo. - f ->r hous'kpg.
CASTRO. 103, cor. Sixteenth— 3 pleasant fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; bath; reason-
abie.
CLAY. 2421. near Flllmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rear: rent 17.
CLEMENTINA. 707-2 nice sunny room* for
housekeeping; rent %i: bath and Imundry.
EDDY, M Sunny furnished room* for house-
keepinr; complete.
HOWARD. 5»— 2 large sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping: with sink and running
water; terms reasonable. "
HYDE. 110— Sunn) alcove suite, complete for
housekeeping. 120; also basement suite, US.
KKARNY. 242—3 unfurnished rooms. for house-
keeping, 16. , ;, , ' -~
LEWIS. 18. off Taylor, near Pest— 2 newly fur-
nlshed rooms; 111; stove.
MISSION, 1123H— Housekeeping rooms. 13 and
12 SO.
OAK. 116— Newly furnished bay-window sunny
suite of room*: gas; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2223 Flllmor* st.
A BRANCH office- for th» reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 123 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisement* and
subscriptions ha* been established at th*
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; oren till 9 p. m.
BOOM! TO I.XT — Ksirn. and L'nfarn.
A^BRU N^wTcITTJbUSE. I U I - Room*
23c to II pr night; 1123 to 13 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. * Turk and Taylor st*.—
Homelike house; .modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms We to tl 50 day. MRS. J. KIM;.
BOHEMIA. 233 Pott, cor. Stockton— Single and
cor. sunny suites for gentlemen and families;
spec, rates tourists: elevator; all convenience*.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
ntshed rins.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROI 1204 Market, cor. Golden Oate
Sunny corner; well f urn; rms. ft offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fill-: st.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let. ■
FOURTH. 223— Furnished rooms, suitable for I;
also, single.
GEARY. 403 (The- Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
ed rooms, en rulte or single. MRS. 11. HYKIt.
GIRARD House. 1)2 Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms; day or week; reasonable. ;'■(
GRAN SOUTHERN. -outcast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny I >>ma. en suite cr
single: ladies' parlor: rea Mug room: elevator.
GRANT aye,. 217. opp. Samuels' lac* nous*— En
suite or single: very reasonable.
nAIGHT, ICO— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
HANCOCK House, 711 Minion— Select family
rooming house; II CO to J6 p*r week.
HOWARD. • 713— 2C0 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished: every convenience: electric lights.
HOWARD, Clean. respectable: 23c-ll per
night; .1-13 per week: Howard car* to door.
MCALLISTER. 1031— A large furnished room
and closet; gas. hot and cold water: rent M.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
window room, tl per week: transient.
NEW Arlington. 1013 Market— Nicely furnished:
SCc day up: 12 week up: transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms ami
offices: elevator; electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 224— Elegantly furnished sunny
suite; also other sunny rooms ; very reasonable.
O'FARRIiLL. W4— Newly furnished rooms;
sunny; hot water and bath: t» up.
O'FARRELL. COi— Furnished suite; sunny rea-
sonable; to gentleman.
ROYAL House. 12« Ellis st.— lncandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. J-'.c to tl CO; week. C to
IS: month, h to 170; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. *> Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks. 113 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD, Three sunny unfurnished rooms:
use of bath and stationary tuba.
VAN N£SS are.. SCS^-Elegant suites, single
rooms and housekeeping suites; suitable for
doctor or dentist.
VERONA place, 17. near Third— Sunny fur-
nished rooms. It. by single woman.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th«
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 am.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adve r .
• tlsements and subscriptions ha* been opened
M 1223 Polk st.; open till 9p. m. I•• .•>.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an 1
subscriptions has been established at IC9< Va-
lencia St.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
THE PacTflTllebrew Orphan Asylum at..l Horn*
Society hereby give notice that they have ad-
mitted Into the orphanage from July 1. 11?%
to December 30. ISH. the following orphan
and half-orphans, boys and girls: Abe B'.alne.
6 yr*. 4 mos. . Earle Mark*. 1 yrs I mos.:
Rosa' Cohen. 9 yrs. ? mo* .; Dora Cohen, 13
yrs 4 mo«. i Joseph Cohen. 11 yrs. 9 mos.:
Marcus Bernstein. 9 yra. ( moa.: Jacob Bern-
stein. 7 yrs. 2 dim.; Ruth Lowensteln. 3 yrs.
» mos.: Charles Hirsch. 9 yrs. 10 mo*.. Albert
Hirsch. • yrs. I mos.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroy*.! Pills
are the best: safe, reliable] take ni other:
■end 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." In letter by return call: at drug-
( gists. ChlcheMer Chemical Co.. Phils lei. Pj.
MRS. "DR: HOPKINS' new discovery for rheu-
matism; also medicated baths for alcoholltm.
and rheumatism. 103 Mkt.. office 7: 1-5. 7-10.
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collections nvid"?;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
413 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5320.
A WEEK'S news for S e»nts— Th<« Weekly Call
16 rages. In wrapper, for mailing. II per year.
SEWING MACHIIfBI AXD SUPPLIES.
12 MONTHLY, rented, repaired, bought. *017
machine supplies, us sixth; phone Mint 4:
•ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented- re-
palrlny st lowest rates. »nq Fourth si '
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and MoVlnVr£"
OXflc*. Ml Poat .t. cor. Pow.U; ULJufflSTCAciinns Axn tuition.
ww l A;y '7 rEI> ~SI~ Slu ' lent l 0 Uatroet beginner in
J-atln and nlßchra; terms reasonable. Addlt
ttlS Tw«rty-n.xtli »t.. near Mission.
WATCI^iiGPAUaXG^
WATCHES cleaned TSc: iru&ranteed .
JTbeJ^y .Wiry and Ort^aYc"?^? Kean^i
AliMEil-ÜBYEJiTISEMENTS.
AI.AMHDA lII2AL E«TATE.
IHr«-IX^T rexm: eotta«TT"ro«aa^andTbath;
rtrert w-rk done; easy term*.
»rroo— l.--.t tCxlii; fine ccttaire: 5 large rooms i
•-•a. balance |
|XftOO-I^t <PxUO; Mortca *t.. l»etween rail- ,
roadt; rrar_*taucn and school; handsome, new
rctta».e cl . rooms and bath; liM and $:i i>er
tn^r.th. -
ins*—^ot tr.«i;o: 2-story house of « rooms and
u^'trm. " Ye " nMr Morton-i-t. station;
J^T^'a J e .l Un <. fln ' new I -» t ° r y house. I
rooms and bath- Morton et.. near station* and
?*£&£?&& b » 1 * n « iio per month.
■ l.t»>- uot \l^i; en main avenue; cottar*
to'Snm? tm££L b " *' n - hou^tule,
H. P. MOREAL A CO..
_________ 1422 Park n.. Alameda. Cat
C ssf l !s St aril twt ln America-The Weekly
i- ..' J6J 6 J**" 8 . «*r-t «o *ay address In the
trited Ftates or Canada one year t.w |L
t>otnc» paid
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
«tHKi:i.r.v URAI. ESTATE.
.TWO fl»t»-:o room*; modern; near station : I
S?i r ii:'r? t . t0 V"nlver*ltr; Price J^OO. ea»y terms.
__ FREFSK A r-ODMNGTON, IVrk. ley Ptntl-n.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS:
OFFICP— BROADWAY.
OAKLASD IIEAL ESTATE.
•iO CASH, v monthiy for 2 fine large level lota,
r»av-y for Luildln* on; will bu'.Td a 3-room
cottage on the»e lou. with good w«ll of
water, r'.cket f«nee and cuthou** all ccm-
r.«te and ail told for $100; Jow monthly rent
paying will buy your home; Allendile Tract.
•AJolnJnc East Oakland; 6S farr-lle* now lo-
cated witbln I■, year*; street* all erraded.
•on-.* macadarr.Ued: i !o*e to S electric car I
line* and model school; 2 blocks from a 63- I
.oct-wtdc boulevard; call or send for clrcu- I
l*L *'-'" Seventh *t.. Oakland; carrteff* fre*.
lIENRT 7.. JONCB. Owner. AmM ' fr "- |
• ELEGANT houses ln coun>e of construction
en SJd »t.. bet. Grove and We»t; 2 completed;
til modem Improvements; fe tr«et wcrk, «Ide-
wa!k* doce; rmall payment down; balance
tncnthly tt desired; bou«eK open for Inspection I
1C to « Punday*. J. 11. SIMPSON. CIS Kth st. I
tCX— WILL «ell quKk fcr $4200; fine corner
r*»idenc«: ),,t iixlTS; t rocm*: u.t to date.
E C ni'NCE, W nroadwsy. Oakland.
CHEAPEST an 3 b«,t In America-Th* Weekly
Call. i« pare*. »or.t to any ad<ire»* ln the
I>.lt>-a Staten. p^^tpaid. frr fl p*r war.
OAK LAM) Fill XI tUuI2~FOR~B AL K.
AN :c«ro<!uction to you from H."sehellbaasrthe
f Jrr.'.tvire t~n>r. Uth nr.d Frankiin. Oa)vlard.
, ;
lIII.VD NOTICES.
MVTUAL raectrtc Light Ctv— A~monthiy"dlvlh
dend (No. «) of tlgl»t (£) cents per *hare on
the Issue! capital *t<»ck of the conip*ny ha*
N-. n deciaj^-d. ;.uy»it,le at the ufflfe of the
compatijr. CI7 Howard ft.. Fan Fr^ncitoo. oa
January g, i»00. Tranyfer book* cKx>« on De-
cember *>. la*>. at i o'clock x>. m.
JAMES Fli-HElt. Secretary.
IH'MROLDT Savlngß and Loan Society, li
Gear}- »t.— Tlie director* have d«c!ared the fc'.-
kwlnjt *eml-annuaJ dividends: 360 per e<>nt
X*t annum en term and S p«>r cent p»r annum
oa ordinary deposit*. i»jui le twi and a:ter
Januar>- I. IW» ERNEST UKA.NU. Sec.
SAVINGS and Loan Society. IPI Mantpomerr
tt.. dividend notice— The board of director*
declared a dividend far the term ecd- j
ing December a. Zl'.\ «t the rate of
three ar.d *lxty one-hundredth* (3.1C) per
cout per annum on term deiv>*its, and three
<l) per ce;;t per aunum on ordlnarj' dep».»i:t».
free of taxes, and payable on and after Janu-
ary 2, IK*.
Dlvlder.fi* r.c-t coiled for are added to ar.l
bear the Mttn mte of dividend as the prin-
cipal from ur.i a.'ter January 1. l»30.
CTRt'3 W. CAIiMANT. Ca»hler.
DIAIPEM) nauc*— The German Savings and
Lnan Poclety. Hi California it.— For the half
ve^r enii.nir DtceniV.er SI. 1535. a dividend ha*
r>een O' .!(•! at the rat" of four (4) per cer.t
ler anauta en term ■•,-:► «aj Uu-e* and
cne-thirJ «» J-J) per cent p«r annum co ordi-
nary depectta, free of tax<"«. ;>ay£ble on md
fcftcr TursSay. Jaru&ry 2 IM9.
Gr.O. TOURKY. Secretary.
_
TUB Continental Ouildlrg and I^>aa Asjicia-
•' r. of California, r.: Sa£b.>m* »t.. San Fran-
cisco, ha* declared for tlie C month* ••:. \.i.s
I fcesvl^r SI, I*?*, a dividend ot II per cent i
;• - annum to ..-.«.* "A" (lock. 10 per cent
per ar.num tn r!iu "F" stock, 6 prr cent pr
hr:num en term de:>oslt* and S per ccst ;- r
wir.ua on ordinary depodts.
CAPT. OLIVER ELDKIPGE. President.
WILLIAM COKUIN. Secretary. I
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings I ink of i
fan Franclaco. 23 Pen »t.-For the half year
er.C!&ir I/rcrmber 21. IS3>. a dlvldond ha* b*en
declared at the rate of three ■'< per cent per
!•:...:.. on nil J»i« ».tn. free of taxes, payable I
*»n and aft*r TUESDAT. January I. i«» 00.
GKORGE A. BTORT. Cashier.
DIVIIICKD Not Ice- Dividend x o . 100 (Me per j
thar*> cf the Oceanic Rtramihlp Company
will r>e r-ajraMe at the office of the company.
No. srT M»ik»t rt.. on and after Tueslay.
."■ ■. . .'■- 2, l»C*. Trar. I bc>rk» will closs on
TWdnetday. Deremter 27 IM>>. at S o'clock
;. rrt. E. H. PIfELIX^N. Secretary.
■ AN Francltrt3 Saving* Union. T-S2 California i
*t . corner Webb— Dividend Notice— Frr the
talf year endlr.p with the X:»t of December.
Vs\ a «l\-ldend h*» be^n declared at the rate
l*-r annum cf three and thre«--fourtti» <S\>
r«r oent en term deposit* and thr^e arid one-
► 'crith <l\\ per cent on ordinary deposits.
fr^«. of t»«>- payable on and after Tuerlay. I
fnr-jmrv 2. l?> y IiOV^LL WHITE. Ca>hl»r. I
i.i i. \i. ADVERTISBMCBTTS.
FOR cat*— To rlo*e ■»'• of ALICE 6ULLI-
VAN. <leoca.«*d at public auction at H a m.
on the 2d day of January. I?CK>. at MoAllUter-
H. entrance of City Hall. San Francl*co. t,m>*.
I ifk No. 20:4 on California Paving* and I#n»n
Srvlrty of Pan Franc! «cr>, which bnck chow*
»>a!ano» ( ,f fV.OO K. Fale *v:b;ect to confirma-
tion by court; :ft prr rent of pure have price
required oa aoceptacoe of Md. FRANK M.
KKLPET. Administrator. 22*- 222 Wllcox build-
it.g. T-^ ■» Arire?>«.
I'HOPOSALS.
PHOIOSALS FOR
PAPER FOR THE HUHLIC PRINTING
AND BINDING.
FEALKD PROPOSALS will be received un-
til January 11. '.•"■. at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. for
furnishing the PAPER for the PL'IIUC
PRINTING and niNDINO for the year end-
ing -v:. • f February. :.->.i. the said proposals
to t« ooened before and U.» award • f con-
tract* to be made lv the Joint Committee of
CongTess on Public Printing to the lowest and
beet bidder fat the Interest of the Oovern-
inr.t. the committee reserving to Itself the
right to reject any and all bids, as Its Judg-
ment of the best Interests of the Government
tr.ay dictate.
Detailed rrhedule* of the description, quan-
tity and quality of the paper required, ac-
companied by *amrles end blank proposal*,
end riving the reruiatlon* with which bidder*
must comply, can be obtained by addr«ulng
F. W. Palmer, Public Printer. Washington. i
I) C.
Tr.* contracts will be entered Into for «up-
;■■■•.,■ cuch quantities of paper as may be
n«W..-4 during the year, and no tr.ore.
T>- »rtimated • titles set forth in detail
tn th« mt hedule comrrtse:
r •• ■ • re**r.s machine- finish printing paper.
It.ono reams machine-finish printing paper.
;. ." : rea.nik zed and •■;■'* '■• *•■ lan I
v :..!- <>r tinted artel pa&er. va-
rlou* *Ixr*.
tt.VOQ rear.:* (writing paper, various
size* and "•-< ht»
4.500 rt-i. r: « colored wrtttng paper, various
rite* and weieht*.
2.i« •> ream* caver i>aper. various sites and
weights.
TE.CV) rvnun 1 !* of best plate paper.
\ 1 '' pounds cf best met l paper.
SM.aOa Btoemda superfine (double) coated book
l'*P*r.
s : "" riaim- rr.anlla paper, various sixes and
VelghU.
JCO.OTfI pound* bond paper.
2C.0C0 oounda artificial parchment, various ,
4.0C0 puund* parchment deed.
110.000 *h*«!« cardboard, vartou* colors, sizes I
' and wei-ht*.
J.y>o.WX> sheets brUtcl board, various colon, j
rlzes and veicht*.
■••'••• -' ledgi«r r*P^r. white
ot tlue, l«ld nr wove, rarltiu* *Izes 1
and weltht*.
».100 ream* **oond-cla*« ledger paper,
m-htte cr blue, laid or wove, various
r •*■ " and weights. •
4.200 reams tlf«ue and enpjinr Piper.
■ ream* blotting :•<:-" any required
color and weight.
UO reams tar riper. 24xS«.
tO r*am* plaid, marble and notr.b paper.
varlcu* *ixc*.
KO r»ars« typewrtter paper, various site*
ftni weight*.
I.JiS rr«rr.» cap. letter an 4 rxte ; ■• r*r.
JOO ream* white French foJlo. 17xi2.
2.(/K> sheet* parchment. 15x21.
IV;. ►»:• will be received for one thousand '
ream* or more.
By direction of the Joint Committee of Con- I
gTee* en Public Prlnttngt
P. W PALMER, rubtle Prtnt-r.
WABUINGTON. D. C . December n. IW*. I
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marrlare license* have been Ineued as follows:
John W. Riley and Mary Kelleher 30-2<»
W. 11. Stephens and Maggie Shannahan... 27-23
Frederick Hatto and Matilda Andrieux 2T-2O
Charles F. Jordan and Jennie M. tflms SS-29 >
Eucene Laborde and Octavla Ticoulet.. 2S-21
Richard rhlt-holm and Alice M. Snape....2S-2U
Illnaldo Urt<\ and Alma S. Hamilton 42-18
O*org* A. WlMlamf >n and Amy Poole S«-2fi
Chnr!»i> C, Clark and Annie S. Frcese >-~ ;
John P Pnrnau itnd E>telle Fuen(!elirg....S4-^
1,i77..-i-i (I.ellni and Lucia Dlr?ordl 42-3U
John A. Hannny and Loretto G. l>onnelly.2S-21
Harry R. Mullr'r ar.d Delia Fl"tcher 80-2*
Philip Angela ami France* Kins ...60-SO
Jrti>-» p. Nielsen and Nellie Welldlng 41-33
FUlbert Durourno and Isabella Rom **-™
J. C. H. Fenrus^Ti ftnd Amalie M. 5im0n. ..32-26
L. S. Laughlln and Francheitca P. Pennon 21-2U
BIRTHS— — DEATHS.
Birth, rr.arrlat' and death notices sent by
mi.ll will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at elthtr of the rubllcatlon offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorlxed to have the tame published.
BORN.
KAVANAGH— Tn Berkeley, December 28, 1599,
to the wife of J.F. Kavanagh. a fon.
PEl'i:— ln tl.is city, to the wife of Frank P*pe.
a daushtfr.
TH^M-WOHRDEN —In this city. December
2.*.. l' 1 -^. to the w lfe of Henry A. Thom-Wohr-
«len. n daughter.
TROVER- In Ban Francisco. December 25. 1599.
t-» tl:e wife r-f Charles W. Troyer. a gen.
MARRIED.
ACTON— PODLEY— In San Jo»e. December 27.
lf>i? at the M. E. Church South. b» the Rev.
C H. Rlddick. D.D.. 6f«!«t«-.l by the Rev. J.
E. Kqulrw. R*». William Actnn of Lakeport
and Julia, daughter of Mrs. Julia Bodley cf
Fan .'■.■•
BItoWN— KB— Id Oakland. December 23.
l-;<\ by the Her. Guy Smith of the First
OirUtian Church, Schuyler Grant Brown of
Snn Kranc!??o and Clara Frar.ct-s Malone of
Oakland.
Gi'LDEN-HAUSWIRTH— In this city. Docem-
brr 24. IS:9. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. M. E.
Golden artJ Marruerlte Hauswlrth.
' •■ - HROEDBR— In this City, De-
cember 24. IBS. by the Rev. J M. ttfaler,
Hurry Upland and Meta Schnxvler.
DIED.
Biflv'-kaff. Mary a. Johnson. robn A.
Blatter. lUsa Lynch, James
Bun*. Jarr.cs L. I^-nch. Patrick
C.ayburKh. Louisa. McGulre. Mary A.
IHnechar.d. John Martin. Rebecca E.
I>i«vine. Patrick Nn*h. Char'.es
Ehrmann. Va'.ent'ne Phalr. Edward
From erst. Penjan-.tn Rarthc»u. Bernard
Gallagher. Marsuret Bchou. Cart. Peter J.
Hajrue. Arthur V. Starr. William
Ilealy. Jeremiah Tracey. Alicia C.
Herrtck. Fanny L. Turkln*l n. William
Htrrel. Sarah Wldemann. Mary
Jacquay. D. W. Zclner. William
BIDFKOFF— In this city. December 26. 1»».
Mary A . beloved wife of August Bldekoff.
ard 'mother cf Albertlna and Josephine Blde-
knff. a native of New South Wale*, aged 51
year*.
BLATTER-In this city. December ■, IS"?.
Rosa, beloved daughter cf Joseph Anton and
Katharine Blatter, and sister of Sophia. Ma-
thllie and Alois Blatter, a native of rtcben,
Canton Wallle. Schwelx. aged 23 years, t
months and 25 days.
tTTFrii-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvitfd to attend the funeral this day
(T'lursdny). at 12:80 o'clock, from the parlors
of 11. F. Vuhr & Co.. 1137 Mission rtreet. be-
tween Beventh ar.d ElKhth. thence to St. Bon-
iface Church. Golden Gate avenue, between
Jones and I^eavenworth streets, for services
at 1 p. m. Int. ill Holy Cross Cemetery.
BURY-Ia this city. Dectmbor 25. IS:>9. James
L-. beloved husband of Sarah liury and father
of Jo6p; h and Howard Burj'. a native of Eng-
land. as<d CO years.
ITT Friends and .alniance« are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, f™ the parlors rf
the t^lL'ornU Undertaklne Company, 405
I'owell street, near Post, thence to Trinity
Church, ctrner of Bu^h and Gough etreeta.
where services will be held at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
CLAYIiURGH-In this city. Lvcember 27. 1559.
Ltuit-a, beloved wife of Albert Ciayburgh.
and mother of Belle. Dv'.la, Etta. Carrie and
Luuis Ciayburgh and Mr* Gi»orce Hewlett,
a native of Richmond. Va.. aged !4 year* 19
months and 4 days.
C^t>lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
dcn< «" 1218 Masqnlc axenue. Interment Home
of IVac* Cemetery, l.y 11:30 o'elixk train from
Tlilrd and Townsend street*.
DENBCHAND— In this ... December 26.
I»'.':\ John, beloved husLand of Mary A. Dene-
chand. ajid father of Elraror. IKilores and
Franils Dene< hrind. a r.atlve of France, aired
ii years 7 months and 13 days.
CiyFrlenfis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(FrlJayV at 1-1 o'clock, from hl» late r«**i-
di nee. HC Folsom street, thenc* to St. I*at-
rlck'» ("burch at 2 o'clock for services. In-
trrmcr.t Mount Calvary C.-me'ery.
OITICERS and member* of Court Bohemian
No. R'23, A. O. F.. are respectfully requested
to attend tha funeral of our late trother, John
l»er.*chand. to-tnom-w (Friday), at 2 o'clock,
from Ht. Patrick's Church. By crder of
Attest: A. N. KNOI'H. C. R.
M KLDTSHER. Fin. Sec.
DEVINE— In till* city. December 27. 155?. Pat-
rick, beloved husband of IVse Devlne. and
father of Peter Devtne. Mrs. Mamie Me-
MriJv^n and Mrs. Emma McCarr. a native of
P.athkael. County Limtrlck. Ireland, aged CS
yearc. A membvr of Lincoln Post . G. A, R.
EHRMANN— Io this city. Dccomber 27. l«t'J.
Viiler.tine, beloved husband of Catherine Ehr-
rr.ir.n and father of Mrs. Adam Schulti.
Mrs. Thcre»a Deckert. Mrs. Ellxabetli
Tre^cktU and Valentine. Antun ar.\ Frank
Ehrmann, a native of Baden, Germany, aged
74 year* 10 months and 7 aays.
FTH'MENT— In this city. December 28. I*l*9.
K<-n]nmln C, telov«.-d son of Mars and Annie
M Vnment. ami brother of Wllliaai P. and
Mare Froment Jr . a native of San Francisco,
aced II yeanr 1 month and 19 days.
p^Frlends an«l acquaintance* are re«p*ct-
fully Invited to n"-nd the :un. ml this day
(Thursday), at i ■ o'c'.ock. from bis late
re«ldence. VJW street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery-
OAI.I-VJHEH-ln this city. December 27. IW.
Marraret. relict of the late Patrick Gallaxher.
and loving mother of Mrs. P. Wralty. a na-
tl*» of Gal way. Ireland, aged CO year*.
HAGUE— At Stanford University. December 2?.
lM*. after a brief Ulnerß, Arthur V. Hague,
only son of Jonathan and Annie M. Hague,
arred 14 year*
CT' lnterment private this (Thursday) after-
noon In Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
HEALY— At St. Mary's Hospital. December 25.
lii> Jeremiah, beloved husband of Mary Hea-
ley and father of Agne« " and Kathryne F.
Henley, a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
Ajrrd r'7 years 4 months and S Says.
jr^j'tiends and acquaintance* are respevt-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at » o'clock, tram the parlors of
Carow & Enclleh. 41 Van N<-se avenue, t lien.-*-
to St. Patrick's Church. Mission street, where
. requiem h!ch mart will be celebrated for
t! ■• repore uf his ••••ul. commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HERRICK— In this city. Decembei 26. IS?9, at
her late residence. 1124 Guerrero street. Fanny
L., relict of the late Samuel Herrtck and
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. A. C. Barrle
*i.*. Miss M. M Herrick. and grandmother of
Adelaide M. Barrie and Lyman C. and Frank
C. Herrick, a native of Canada, aped *7 years
r months and 11 days. (Toronto, Canada, pa-
pers rlease copy.)
C7TY! :.'• are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 1
o'clock, from her late residence. 1124 Guerrero
street, between Twenty-third and Twenty-
fourth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
by - trie funeral car.
HIKUEL»— In this city. December 17. 1599. Sarah
Hlrrel, beloved mother of Charles, Maggie,
Mary, Daalr-1. Dennis and Patrick Hlrrel and
Mr*. Rose Harkins. a native of Camdonagh.
Cuunty Donegal, Ireland, aged (4 years.
EXFTlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the I'nlted -takers. 27 and 29 Fifth street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem n.«i>s will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cre*a Cemetery.
JACQUAY-In thi* city. December 23. 1839. D.
W. Jaoquay. a native of Michigan, aged 45
year*.
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at i o'clock, from the parlors of
{he California rndertakin* Company, 4C5
p we' i street. n*ar PoFt, under the auspices of
the I. O. O. F. Hoard of Relief. Interment
Lturel Hill Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In tills city. December 26. 18?9
John A. Johnson, a native of Sweden, aged
71 j-ear**.
CTltetnalns fit the parlors of Charles J. B
Mettler. £3C Washington street.,
LYNCH-In this city. IH«cember U. 1839, James,
beloved pon of Andrew and Johanna Lynch a
native cf Pan Francleco. aged 7 day*.
LYNCH-In this city. D»>cember 26. ma. Patrick
Lynch, 1.. loved husband of the late J<a:mette
Lynch and father of Mrs. >' L. Adams end
Edward P. Lynch, a native of the town of
Ballymore. County -tn.-ath. Ireland, aired
79 years 4 months and 10 day*. (Brooklyn
N. V.. and Newark. N. 1 . papers pleasu
copy- )
I>;eii<is and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• ••'■ 11 o'clock, from Pioneer Hal!
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. Remains at the oarlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post. ' •'
! INRV J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Eoccewow to Flannamn * GalWjft*-).
FUNERAL DIUECTORS AND EAI BAL.ME(tU.
10 Fifth «t.. opposite L ntjia ac-ojl.
Telephone Sou-h SO.
N. F. DcthUfsen. Chas. H. Jacob.
CKAS. 11. JACOB & CO..
Funeral Director* and Embalmer*, tit
Mason #trcet. between Geary and O'Far-
retl street*. Telephone, Main uZU.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TIIVRSDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1899.
McOl'lßE— South Ban Francisco, December
26. 1599. Mary 'A., wife of the late Arthur
McGulre. and beloved mother of Arthur W.. !
Mary, Grace. Blanche and Frank J. Me- |
Gulre, a native ol County Cavan, Ireland,
aged «9 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. ISOS Sixteenth avenue south, thence to
All Hallows' Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
. terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARTIN— In this city. December 27, ISJ3, Re-
becca E.. beloved wife of W. H. Martin, a
native of Thomaston. Me.
C7The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Friday), at 10:15 o'clock, at the
Palace Hotel. Interment private. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
NASH— In this city. December 23. 1599. Charles
NaFh. lieutenant of police, a native of Eng-
land, aped (I years and 7 months.
CXFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this /lay (Thurs-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at King Solomon* Hall,
Masonic Tercp'.e. corner of Post an i Montgom-
ery streets, under the auspices of California
l^odpe No. 1. K. and A. M.
PHAIR— In this city. December 27. 1593, Ed-
ward, beloved father of Eddie Phalr. and
brother of Ilarry Phalr. a native of San
Francleco. .-..-. d DC years.
• FARTHOU— In this city. December 27. 1899.
Bernard Sarthou, beloved husband of Marie
Jeanne Sarthou. father of Octavle Sarthou,
brother of Jaques Sarthou. brother-in-law of
Mrs. J. Sarthou, and uncle of Martha and
Eujrenle Farthou. a native of France.
rNotlce of funeral hereafter.
ETARR— At Bay View, South San Francisco,
December 2fi. ISS?. William Starr, dearly be-
loved husband of Margaret Starr and father
of Louis. Olive, Katie. Clarence, Thomas,
Harry. Marsaret, William, Charles. John and
Eva Starr, and »on of Thomas Starr and
brother of Thomas Starr Jr. of Placervllle.. a
native of lowa, acred 4S years 11 months and 4
days. (Placerville papers please copy.) •
r "Fr:> :..i and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1" o'clock, from his late re«l-
dence. ccrner of Fifteenth avenue and F street
S^uth. South San Francisco. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
TRACEY— In this city. December 27, 1599. Alicia
C, dearly beloved daughter of William F.
and M. A. Tracey. sister of Kathlyn F. Nel-
lie '"• . Frank R.. Sadie R. and Acnes M
Trneey. and granddaughter of P. C. and M.
A. Crelchton, a native of San Francisco, aged
12 years 1 month and 22 days.
SCHOU— In Nara. December 26, IBM, Captain
Peter J. Schou, beloved husband of Katie
Pchou. and brother of Nelson J. Schou, a na-
tive of Denmark, aged 47 years 10 months
or..' 4 day*.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ... attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at l o'clock, from his late r-iflenco.
412 ir.r.an street, between Second and Third,
thonce to Red Men's Hal, 320 Post street,
where service* will be held under the aus-
pices of Sotoyome Tribe No. 12. I. O. R. M.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
TVRKINGTON— In this city. December 28, 1539.
William, beloved husband of Elizabeth Turk-
lntrton. aged 10 years.
C^Funeral servlcaa this day (Thursday), at
2:20 o'clock, at his late residence. 11l Guer-
rero street.
WIDEMANN-In this city. December 25. 1899.
Mary, b»lpved wife of the late Judge H. A.
Wldernai.n, a native of Honolulu, H. L, aged
66 year* 7 months and 1 day.
Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, at her late residence. 1617 Jackson
ctreet. Interment private.
77ELNER— In this city. December M. IS?9. Wil-
liam Zelner. beloved husband of Eva Zelner.
and father of William J. Zelner Jr. and the
lnte Mr*. Rica I'urdv. a native of Posen. Ger-
many, ased CS years. (New York. New Or-
leans and London papers please copy.)
CTFr:eniss and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & Whit*. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Salem Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Tuwnaaitd and Third streets depot.
CARD OF THANKS.
To pur many friend* and acquaintances, and
especially the officers and members of Pacific
I»^dfre No. 115. I. O. O. P.. and Bookbinders'
I'nlnn. who rave so many evidences of their
heartfelt and comforting- sympathy during
our late bereavement of loving husband and
father. Matthias Hansen. we desire to return
our sincere thanks.
MRP. HERTINE HANSEN AND FAMILY.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Thomas and Helen C. Map*« to Olive E.
Flint, lot on E line of Masonic avenue. 339:6
6 of Waller street. 6 16, E 112:8, NE 20, NW
20, m 106; 110.
E'tate Frank Walker (minor, by Caroline
Walker, fruardlan) to C. H. Brockhoff. undi
vided half Interest In lot en SK corner of
Alabama and Twenty-fourth streets. E 60 by
H IM; $«200.
Carolina Walker to same, same; 110.
Richard H. MaoGowan to Ellen S. Mac-
Oowan. .: A block 172. bounded by Thirtieth.
Day. Noe and Caetro; gift.
Joseph Ga;«mann to Catherlna G&agmann.
lot on N line of Broadway, 77:6 E ot Keamy,
E CO by N 77:«; 110.
. Estate PbUip E. Shannon (by A. C. Freese,
administrator) to Alexander P. Morrison, lot
on NW line of Howard rtreat. 45:10 NE of
lU-ale. KB 45:10 by NW 137:6; Urn.
Jchn W. and Annie L. Wriifht to James R.
P.UI-.--11 and William McKay, lot on W line of
Twenty-fourth avenue. 123 3 of O street. s 25
by W 120: 110.
Estate James G. .Fair (by J. S. Angus. T.
O. Crothers and W. S. Coodfellow, executors)
to LUzle C Ferguson, lot on SE corner of
Bennlngton street and Cortland avenue. E 25
by -S 100. lot 0. block 9. Fair's Subdivision of
Holly Park; $^0.
San Francijoo Savings Union to O. A. and
Blanche O. Buckingham, lot r.n W line of
Chenery street. X S of Thirtieth. S 29 by \V
70. lot* 34 and J.'. block 23. Fatrmount: «1100.
Odd Fellow*' Cemetery Association to August
L. Ohm. lot I*. plat 1. Omega tectlon Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery; i'oo.
Alameda County.
William J. and Virginia R. Dlnse* rby Ed
ward. J. McCutchen. attorney) to J. M. Ather
ton. lot on X line of East Fourteenth »treet.
151 21 E of Thirteenth avenue. N 67 3. E 56.75.
9 £5. W 65. to beginning, being block 64. Clln
tcn. Ea.«t Oakland: $10.
G. and Lulgla Deltlno to O. L. Fltz. lot on
S line of Virginia street. 240 W of M.'lee ave
nue. S 125:44 by W 120. belli* lot 8. block 1.
Map of Property State University Homeolead
Association No. 5. Berkeley; 10.
Dele* and Harriet A. Pratt to The McCarthy
Company <a c. rporatlon), lots IS and 19. in
subdivision ■■ Friiltvale Terminal Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Jessie M. and Clarence R. Graham (minors,
by IT. W. Emerson, guardian) to James Gra
bam Co. (a corporation), undivided two-four
teonths Interest In NE three-quarters of lots
*. I and 10. block 244, on Map of Town of
Newark filed May 6. IS7S; also undivided two
fourteenth* Interest in lots 1? and 18. block
ISI. map of Bam*, filed May 6. IS7S. Washing
ton . . smsblp; $4OC'O.
Central Lnnd Company (a corporation) to B.
P. and Emma L. Westlake, lot on N line of
Walton and Thirty-fifth streets, 225:9 E of
Market. E 37:6 by N IX 3. bctni the EC 37:6 of
lot 2*. block M. map of property. Central LanJ
Company. Oakland; $1".
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W Wlncup Aw. L A JO lUrry. Oal
Mrs H Murray, Colusa M iilums. VacavlUa
D Cluff. Cal ° A Rodzers. Banger
T W William*. Cal C W Eagle. Cal
C II Carlson, Sacto A R Hopkins, Fresno
H Meyer. ■ Rosa J LTL T M Nab « w Cal
W B Dreypolcher. Cal EH Wuangst. Cal
Cli Collieter. 8 Jose J Whlteher. Cal
J E Byler. B Rosa L L Evans. 8 Maria
J S Jonas. Bacto ™ H Nichols, Cal
F O"lrady, Vallejo « W Prlngle. Martins
II Davis. 6 Rafael J KeUhaw 8 L Oblspo
C T Roger*. Oakland J 'Valentine &w. Sacto
E Fork. Stanford. H X McLennan A w
G T Tarr. w A eh, Cal Sacto
W P Smith,- Portland J P O'Brien A w Cal
C M Ran»on. Ptland T L Clark A w Cal
J O Williams. Prtland O Clark. Placervllle
J A Williams. L Ang ,R Richardson. Cal
A M Cronln. Portland A Anderson. Sulsun
Mr* J H Wilson. L/env Mrs J V Ralph Cal
A H Smith. Fresno E Ralph. Cal
6 L Hogue. Fresno W E Price, Sacto
W M Walden. Fresno D L Jewell A w Ohio
W C Dow. Fresno W C Day, Stanford
F J Kerrldge. Sonoma tW E Peck & w. 8 Crux
C 1! Simmons. Visalla R R Spencer, P I
J A Mack, Cal J D Parish. Uklah
Miss Mayberry. Reno ,T Turner & w. i _
Miss G Allen, NY |J A Cole. Cal
Mlns M E Hamrtek. Ch C Cople & w, Byron
Mis* n H Hamrlck. Ch C 1 Hardlwicko & w
C J Schmitt. Spokane Orosl.
C All-ii Spokane W X de Jarnett. a i
E T Purser. Healdsbft B S Werthelmer & w
S Heemsn. Hartlncs Cal •
W A Chenery. t, Ans; T B Gibson Aw, Pal
c .1 i. U.illard. Cal A Evans & w Cal
E A Preble. Cal R L Conner. Oregon
A Hanbuld, Sacto A J Larsen, Lodl
J Dooley. bacto
PALACE HOTEL
Dr W Murphy. Ca.l S M Smith P«
J E Ke'ty. N T W A Cheney. L. Ana;
W A r.rod^ck. Wash H Uandecker, Cal
I. If Frnnkenpt«ln. I'al Mrs H I-andecker Cal
Mrs L H Frankenstein. ■ T Murphy, N V
Kton A Ijawrcnce Cal
A H Robactaoo, D S N H P l-ark<r Llwrmore
hnson. Cal I F Davis. Jai kmui
It l» .T. hiisi.n D Malone, (»ak Knoll
DC Murt'.n. Cal C F Kref-hmer N V
Mrs Johnson. Cal II 11 Martin, f.'lumbus
i.raJgh. Cal J A Ervin N I
H N Knc-hler. Stanfrd J H T: ..• S'ewburgh
J F Farraher. Ynka Mrs J H Roee Cal
L I. Etowa, Berkeley J J Hrennan. Chgo
a 15 Butler, '"m rt Chgo
J R ToiTance « h! PR Jarboe. Ckl
J It W!lH..n, Ind F Van W.,rner N V
M Phillips. B Joee Mrs Glass, Cal
F B Sllverwood. L Ann
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E M Jeter, New York A R Moulton. Chicago
O A Pierce A w, Mich II R Stnlthaon, Mojave
G C btaaoa Aw. Mch It N Peterson. Los Ang
M Robinson. Detroit J L Hooper, Chicago
C E Scott Detroit H C Counter. Salinas
H Wiles. Detroit O S Coyle. Sacramento
D Slnsleton. San Jose W R Sullivan, S Crux
N Johnson, Fresno Mrs G H Leech. Utah
M McKlnnon. Cal Id A Shirley. Woodland
7 D McNeil. Marycville'H H Gilbert Minn
F Campbell. Chicago i
JURORS OBJECT
TO ESPIONAGE
Incident of the Trial of
Molineux.
»
DETECTIVES TOO ENERGETIC
>
FOREMAN MARTIN REGISTERS
A COMPLAINT.
c
Defense in the Murder Case Seeks to
Make Capital Out of the Re
ligious Views of Expert
Ames.
Ppeclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— Two things of In
terest, If not of Importance, were devel
oped at the trial of Roland B. Mollneux
to-day. The first Incident was the pro
test made to Recorder Goff against the
policy of "shadowing" adopted by the
Dlbtrlct Attorney. The Jurors claim that
a detective ha_s been assigned to each
member and that the "shadows" had al
lowed their feal to outrun their discre
tion. One of the Jurors told the Recorder
that he had attended a Christmas tree
ii on Christmas night and that his
every movement about the tree, even the
Motions of his children, had been closely
watched. To have his every word and
his every ;u t scrutinized, the Juror Bald,
\\.is a vexation that was rapidly becoming
Intolerable.
Foreman Martin, who was one of the
complaining juror.*, seemed to think that
the entire range of the domestic and busl
. oonomy of the Jurors had been
made the subject of a close scrutiny by
the ambitious detectives. It is said that
Recorder Ooff told the Jurors he could do
nothing for them, and that they went
HWHj-. anything but well pleased with the
situation.
-tant District Attorney Mclntyre, I
in explaining the actions of the District
Attorney's office, e.ld that fifteen detec
tives hud been selected to watch the
members of the Jury. He said that it wag
the cuatom to employ men to "shadow"
jurors duriiit; un important murder case,
and that ttiu precautionary action thua
t:iken was in the Interest of justice and
the public good. It id understood, how
ever, that Ofttan will be issued to the
"shadows' to give the Jurors as little
tr..u. -ible in the future.
The oth^r incident of interest occurred
during tho cross-examination of Hand
writlng lOxpert Ames of San Francisco.
Who is the author of a houk on "Biblical
Myths." Mr. Weeks inquired whether the
■ had ever written this sentence:
"Again, isnorunce and fear tremble and
are prostrated before self-seeking cunning
and fraud, according to the firm of Moses,
Jehovah Ac Co., unlimited, re-established;
articles of copartnership perpetual; pow
ers omnipotent, capital Inllnite; realms
terrestrial and celestial, and Moses Its
general financier."
At this point Assistant District Attor
ney O>borne objected emphatically to the
introduction of these writings of Expert
Ames for the purpose of prejudicing the
Jury. After a lively battle of words for
a few moments the Recorder called Mr.
Weeks to order and ruled that the law
allowed no religious testimony of a wit
_*d tint an affirmation did not
irily embrace a declaration of
In <Jod. During the recess Clerk of
the Court Brophy explained that Expert
Ames had merely affirmed when taking
the stand; that he had not u*ed the words
"So help me Ood."
The day was largely devoted to techni
al •■x.'imlnations of handwriting Experts
Tyrrell and Anits. Nothing new or im
portant was developed.
The trial, which U now In Its forty
fourth day, has broken the record for
murde r trials In New York County by one
day, with the prosecution apparently not
having half finished Its Fide of th* oa*»».
li Is understood that the State will Intro
duce ver* little. If any, additional expert
handwriting evidence, and that expert
tnciiical wlincssoß will soon be called to
and for tho purpose of proving the
i..(]y of the crime and showing that Mrs.
Adams really died as a result of the ad
ministration of the contents of the mail
package.
FIRST LYCEUM IS
TO BE HELD TO-DAY
PAPERS TO BE DISCUSSED BY
ARMY OFFICERS.
Meetings of Cavalry and Artillery
men to Be Held Until the End
of Next March.
The following; order relating to the ly
ceums to he held at the Presidio during
Hi* MMHfBg months has bn-ti published
from the poet headquarters:
Pursuant to in.-tr v f. na from headquarters,
I*paxtm«:nt of C_ii:ornla, the post lyceum will
1 on Tuesdays, and Thursdays 'luring the
months of Drcember. January. February and
March, from 1:30 to 2:JO p. m. All line oftl
i-ers of the post not p— n-ented by sickness or
■ tl.f-r duty will attend. T'ntll and Including
Thursday. Miirch 1. tt..- lyce«m will be divided
Into two branch lyceunm. one for cavalry and
one for artillery, both under the general super
\ lalon of the poet commander.
Beginning March C the whets) lyceum will
meet together with the post commander as ln-
i-tru t r
Captain F. West. Company O. Sixth Cavalry,
will act as Instructor for the cavalry branch,
ami Cactaln H. C. Danes. Third Artlliery, as
Instructor for the artillery branch. During
the temporary absence of either of the in
etnictors the senior officer present will act as
Instructor.
The course of Instruction In the cavalry
branch until and Including February 6, and la
the artillery branch until and Including Janu
ary SO. will be arranged by the Instructors of
the branch lyceums, and will Include special
discussions relating to the drill regulations,
etc.. of the special bran.li of the service to
which they belong and to administrative tac
tic*. The tlmo from the above mentioned date
until the whole lyceum begins will be used In
the reading of essays and discussions on the
same. Essays In each branch will be read by
each of the members in order of rank, the
Juniors to read first. Thw cavalry branch will
meet In the north room and artillery branch
In the south room of th» post library. Sec
ond Lieutenant W. B. Scales. Sixth Cavalry,
Is detailed as secretary of the cavalry branch,
and Second Lieutenant H. C. Evans. Third
Artillery, as secretory of the artillery branch
and of the whole lyceum. The secretary will
make a complete report of the attendance and
proceedings at the close of the lyceum sea
son. A copy of each essay delivered will be
given to the secretary and accompany his re
port. By order of COLONEL FREEMAN.
LE ROY ELTINGE, First Lieutenant Sixth
Cavalry. Adjutant.
Fifteen officers will attend the lyc*um»—
blx from the cavalry, eight from the ar
tillery and- one from the Infantry. The
cavalrymen are all from the Sixth Cav
alry, two of the troops of which form
part of the Presidio garrison, and the ar
tlllerymon are from the Third Artillery,
which forms the remainder of the gar
rison. The Infantry olllcer Is Colonel
Freeman, commandant of the post.
Th.- subjects to be dealt with by the
ofllcere attending the lyceum are:
Cavalry branch— Captain F. West, subject to
be named later; Captain E. F. Wllcox, "The
Horse* : First Lieutenant J. B. Parker. "Cav
alry": First Lieutenant Le Roy Eltlnge. "Ef
fect of Modern Firearms In the Use of Cav
alry": Second Lieutenant J. C. Raymond. "Es
tablishment and Operation of Martial Law In
the Coeur d'Alene District": Second Lieuten
ant \V B. Scales, "Athletics In Relation to the
Artillery branch— H. C. Danes. "Gun
Emplacements": Captain J. M. Califf. "On the
Position of Rapid-fire Principles in Field Ar
tillery"; Captain C. A. Bennett. "Coast De
fense: 'a* to Personnel" : First Lieutenant W
S. McNalr. "Relation Between Different De
partments of the Army": First Lieutenant R
F. Gardner. "Smokeless Powder"; Second Lleul
tenant W. Forse. "The Lewis Depression Posi
tion Finder. Type B": Second Lieutenant R
F. Brower. subject to be named later; Second
Lieutenant H. C. Evans. "The Noncommis
sioned Officer"
Only officers of the garrison of the pout
are ordered to attend the lyceums, al
though those attached to the casual de
tachment may attend" If they wish. The
first lyceum will be held to-day.
Divoroe Suit* Filed.
Bolts for divorce have been filed by
Frederick Plue agalnet Gertrude Blue for
desertion and Nlcholaea Q. Oroieo apa!nst
Augußtlne Ororeo for cruelty.
i * A Few of the Features : |
j. ' g
; = I
; m The Progress of the Century. g
J *~1l 1%5% By COLONEL JOHN P. IRISH. %
\ The Passing of 1899. |
\ & § A Full-Page Drawing by MARY DAVIDSON. g
\ undo if — 1
J if Do Our Society Girls Smoke? 8
\ {^Qll $ The Life Story of John Reed. g
\ jg^ An Oakland Man's Experience in a Cyclone. |
\ Cj!vori § \ ' «
I Vyi * V4i The Sunday Call's Calendar for 1900. I
I MYPAa9 Christmas Shopping in Pari-f. o
I MM & WIT By GENEVIEVE GREEN. %
' Itsm+i Good-Bye, 1899. %
>; &i (£GI% ' A Page Drawing by CAHILL. |
* /• The Prince of Confidence Men. S
I JJssue I
| The Use of Indian Clubs as a Health Exercise. |
! z===z The World of Books. |
j By PROFESSOR H. B. LATHROP of Stanford Universty. 3$
I Out December 3J.<~> . ' ' ' %
> Fiction, Fashion, Etc. g
j . The Sunday Call's Magazine Section is now recognized as surpass any other rt
> •. * . Sunday paper published on the Pacific Coast and as rivaling anything in the country. M
ll . .—. — I
McDonnell loses.
Judge Morrow Decrees That He Has
No Title to Certain Shasta
County Mines.
T'nlted States Circuit Judge Morrow bjr
a decree handed down yesterday ha* Bet
tied a very important case, Involving the
ownership of several valuable gold mines
In Shasta County.
The suit was brought originally by
Hugh McDonnell n«alnst Jamoi Sallee.
This was followed by the tilin* of a cros*
eomplnint against McDonnell by J. R. de
Lamnr who set up ownership.
Judge Morrow's decree adjudges De La
mar to be the absolute and exclusive
owner In fee simple of all those quarta
mines, claim* or locations in the Pitta
burg Mining District, Bhasta County,
known as the Popejoy, Bully Hill and
Jennie June, quarts locations, I'nltod
States survey, lots 42, 43 and 44, embrac
ing portions of sections 16 and 21. In town
ship 31 north, rarkgo 3 wept, and In the
claim known aa the Copper City yuartx
Mine.
The decree further Bets forth that the
complainant McDonnell has no estate,
right, title or interest at law or in equity
therein or thereto In any one of the mints
named. McDonnell if perpetually en-
Joined from asserting any right, title or
interest to or In the same or from neKin
ning or prosecuting any suit in the prem
ises.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Eight.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, December 27.
Stmr Centennial. Eagles. 8 days from Hono-
IU ptmr Newport, Frlele. » day* from Manila,
via Nacasakl 20 day*. 7* day. from Coo,
Bete Neptune. Estvold. "4 day* from Coo*
Schr Daisy Howe, Nyman. 10 days from Cooa
Schr Ootama, Johar.nsen, 11 day* from Coon
p'hr Western Home. Daewerltr. 10 days from
Schr Corinthian. Korth. 6 days from Bowen*
SmAIUK ' . CLEARED.
Wednesday, December 17.
Stmr Marlposa. Houdlette, Sydney, via Hono
lulu J D Srreckels & Bros Co.
Hriic Lurlln*. TurlofT. Kahulul: Alexander A
Bel r Cbas Hansen. D*.nne\i&, Ma«atlan; Win
OlBeD - SAILED.
Wednesday, December .27.
Btmr Umatllla. Cousins. Victoria and Port
Townsend. . . 
Stmr Navarre, Jwisen, Bnwens Landing.
Stmr Crescent City, Stbckfleth. Crescent City.
Btmr Washtenaw. Gllboy. Taccma.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenwm. Crescent City.
Bktn Leslie D. Peterson. - -.
Bcnr Zanita. Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Bender Bro*. Wctzel. Hlhiers Point.
Bckr Nettie Sundboric, Nelson. Tlllamook
Pay.
Schr Mary C. Hadsen. Fort Rob*.
SPOKEN.
per *<-hr James Ilul h. Dec 12. Ist 34 45 N. lon
126 3f. W- Hark I/julslnna. from Port FlaK* \
for Melbourne: wished to be reported all well.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Deo 27— Ship Henry B Hyde, from
Norfolk for Honolulu, put Into Valparaiso with
care ) on fire O«orge. from San Francisco
Br *hlp King Oorge. from San FrancUco
Auk 7 arrived at Antwerp with sundry losses
and damage* sustained In heavy weather off
Cape Horn; part of cargo damaged.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOe. D«c 27. 10 p m— Weath«r
taaxy; wind NE. velocity M miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Deo 17— Br ship
Stronsa, from Anawerp. '«»««.
POUT BLAKELEY— Arrived D»o Schr
James Rolph. from San P^dra.
TACOMA— Arrived D«o 17— Bark Oatherer.
"silled 27-Schr O M K*llo«r. for Hllo.
VENTURA— SaiIed Dec V— Stmr G«o Luomla.
°SEATTL r E— Arrived Deo J7— Br ship Olen-
SEATTLE— Arrived Deo 77— Br ehlp Olen
doon. from Port Lob Angeles.
Balled Dec 17— Ptmr Cottage City, for Pka
guay* ship Oriental, for San Francisco: stmr
Jeanle. for San Francisco; iimr Ellhu Thom
sen for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Doo 27— Br ship Hutton
Hall, for Quo«nßtown; Ocr ship Nerelde, for
Quo^nstown.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed D»c Btmr Ruth, for
""Arrived D*« 27— 8tmr Luella, from Eureka;
stmr Endeavor, from Port Gamble. y
EUREKA— Arrived Dec J7— Stmr Orizaba,
hence Dec 20 stmr Samoa, hence Dec 26.
ALBlON— Palled Dec Stmr TlUamook. , f or
MENDOCINO— Pulled Dec 27— Btmr Point
Arena for Pan Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Dec BUnr No>o,
for Ban Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Dec 27— Btmr Al«
meda. hence Nov » .
MANILA— A red Dec l«— Br itmr Duke of
Fife hence Nor 21 Per -23— Br itmr Port
Stephen*, from Seattle. Dec 2«-Btmr Pt Paul.
hence Nov & ■ stmr Ohio, hence Nor ?♦: itmr
Indian*, hence Nov 24.
ENS EN A DA— Sailed Dec 26— Sunr Curacao,
for Han Francisco.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Doc M— 3hlo Elwcll.
fr m ChemaJnuc
CAnniFF-Sall*<s Dec 18— Br «h!p Shandon.
forEfQUlrr.aH.
OCBAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived D^c 27— Btmr II H
Meier, from Bremen.
Balled D«»c 27--f»tmr St Paul, for Southamp
ton • stmr Westernland, for Antwerp; itmr Teu
tonic, for Liverpool; ttmr Ethiopia, for OIas
'°BREMEN— Arrived r>«c 27— Stmr Wlllehod.
from New York
HAMBURG— SaiIed Dec 24— Stmr Belgravla.
for New York (pasied Lizard Dec 27).
NAPLES — Arrived Dec 27 — Stmr Bolivia,
from New York. ■ i
MANILA— Dec 2J-Stmr Port Steph
ens, from Seattle, etc.
SYDNEY, NSW— Arrived prior to Deo 27—
Btmr Alameda, from San Francisco, vie
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Dec IT— Stmr
Empress of China, from Vancouver, etc: itmr
Nippon .Muni, from San Franelnoo. etc. •
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Dec f7-Btmr Amster
dam, from New York.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
NORTHERN
PACIFIC
RAILWAY
TWO TRAINS DAILY
via the
"Shasta Northern Pacific Route."
Elegant Double Drawing-Room
Sleeping Cars, Superb Dining-Car Ser-
vice and Leather Upholstered Tourist
Sleeping Cars on every train.
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul
every Tuesday night. This car is
nicely upholstered in leather and has
all the comforts of a first-class Pullman.
Bear in mind it's the only through car
run between San Francisco and St
Paul.
Tickets on sale at lowest rates to
SPOKANE. BUTTB, CHICAGO.
ROSSLAND, WINNIPEG, NEW YORK,
HELENA, ST. PAUL.
T. K. STATELER. Gen. Agt.,
( 638 Market Street, S. F.
Mr-runt* pacific (O3tn.iT.
(rAcirto mm,)
Train* l»i%»e> ttu.l nrs «lne> in nrrlff it*
SAN I'ItiMISCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
tBAVt — Fkom DccufßEK 15. 1899. — ABRrra
•7:OOa B. r.icla. SuUud, lUailra. V.citilK
Kiii/iacT and .Sacramf nto *7:43r
•7s«Oa 6haiu ninress-LUTIa, Wlllowa,
Bed Bl.iTlVrtla:.d *7:43r
•7i3a 4 Martinez. Hanltarncn.Val!eJo. Nana,
CalUtcsa ami &suta ••t!5»
•»iBOa ThoOferla! dU:i.lted-Ofdea. Don.
»er, Oaaaha. Chlcag> *Sil3»
•SiUaA Ban .lost-, LUeraiore, ktoa,
lone, •Saoratiuiii.i. liaccnllle,
Sl»rji»lllo, <:..■. lt< 1 lllnlf Mil.ir
*ai3#< •Miltoii.OakiUloand ivinora *4UISff
•».oo» Tlnywmls. Mica and Way Nutlona. • 1 1 : 13 4
•I»jOOa Dstli, Woodlvid. Landing,
Main »»ri»tii!-. «7:I.Tf
•9:00* Aibntla l.iprcaa— Ogden and Ka«t *U:l3a
*oiUOa Mar.: .•-, Tnct, Lattirop, Stockton,
M re dand Fresno *13i13p
•DiOOa rcrlCotti, I ttsnu, MoJaTe and Los
Ans<-|>-« 'Oil if
•IO:OOa Vni: ] Martinez and Way Stations 'Oririp '
•1I:0Oa I(ar«rt<r<li, NilAaml WeySut!ocs. •»:«?
•I2iOUk Niks. LJteraore, Stockton, Sarrv
mento, Mci.ilota, 11«x,(..ni. VUaUa,
l'crtenlllo •lii.it
flit#F rUcramcnto IMfrr H'Mnn-u 4<«!ilOp
•3iOOr 11.' ..: I . Niifatr:«l Way Stations. *3il3p
•4 «Or Ma.ii '/. riun Uatnon, Vallejo,
Nupa. (.'atlnto|». MnnU Itosa *0il.1»
•■lifJOr B-iii-ta, Vaeailllp, Hacramento,
Wootlland, Knt;hts l^udiiif,
4l»ij(nlll". Ororll! •10i4.1a
••iB4rrNtl<--s Hen .loeeand Stockton *?il3r
■3i«OrTho Owl Llnsltca-TracT. Preano.
nakrrsQeld. Hau;us for .Sai.ta lt»r-
lara, liTs Adcclm •]ai43 a
•SiOOr Butset LlrltM-Kl raw. New Or-
leans and East el Oil 3 a
•3iS*r Stockton. Merest. Fresno *13i19r
•3iSor Frriiio, Itakerslielil, Hint* R«rl>ara,
Los Adcclm, Ik mini. i:i I'aao,
New Orleans and East *9>«a*
•nilop fjanta m Uuuto— AlUaUo Eipreta
for Molat o and Kaal *ei43r
•OsOOp Ha»«rar Js, Nil^aod San Joee •7j4la
jOi^or V..; Jo *iaiinr
•oi3Or Oriental Mall— OgJen and East *Bi3op
}7i«Or Vollejo, l'ort CosU and War Sta-
tions. JSiSSp
••i4>Or Oregon and Califnrula Ki|>reia.Ha«>
r»iiieiit.i. *larji*llle. ItcMlnf, '
rmtlan.l. Pnget ■■ m.,1 and I'«H »»«13a
COAST IMVI^ION (Rarraw <.a« e).
(Foot cfMirkct Street.)
•t»il3A>ietfark,CcnUr<itlr,bauJoae,FeUoo,
BoQlderCrrck.batitaCruxand Way
BUUoos a 9tS«v
ttil Sr Newark Oaatantlia. flan .loee, New
AlmadeD. I'elton. ItooJder Oraek
.Hauti Crux anU l'rln. Ipal Way
Btstlons tl«sA*A '
•4ilßr Newark, Hsn .To#o, Lea Oatoa. . *O:20a
IllilSr llnn'cK V'.xciirsion, Pan Juco and
Wit S'ai |/.:<i. . » }7i—F |
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rriaSlN FIICCISCO— Ti*'. of Kuttt 8U(«l(l!i» I)—
•7:15 00 11.00 a.m. 11:53 *2:00 {3:00
•133 15.M «B:C:r.y.
FriinOllU»D-ri.l«riroc4««t.— 'o.oo 00 !0:00».u.
. n::o '1:33 ta so «3:C3 11:03 -i.Mr.ii.
COAST PtflSlfM (ISroaddaogo).
. (Thirl nl Town"-. : -->,> .
(•ilfl\ Ocean View, South Han Frauci«co.. tB:3Op
•7:wUa Baa Juae mul Way Mall (New
Alinadpn V.'ctliic.'Jsjioiilj) *liSop
•••••* Nan .less, Trcs I'm ■ ». tiauU < rux,
raellie (iiotc r • 1 ItnlileS, S»n
l.tils Olifino. htirf, Lompoc and
rti.icl|»l War 6tatl.»us 'Jtlwr
•lai4«« Ban .loau nn.l War HUtlntia •OitM*
*lli2»a Ban jnao au,l Way Station* *3::(l>r
r«lt»rBatl M it . . ltcjiroo«:. Menlo l'aik,
Palo Alto, baota Ciara. Man .!.■»«,
Tr>*a Finos, Hmih* Cnre. laßaaa, ' ' .' -
Mt'Uiriry I'acillo rove IIO:rt«,
•Siiap San .lose and AV»y BtallatM *7i30»
4l:l.1i- Ban Jom an<t Principal Way ftlatJeM *»:I3a
t.l:oopgan.loseanil Principal Wa7 Stations t!):ftn»
».»i3i»r Bau.loso«n<l Principal Way Stations *Si3.la
•tli.tOr Ban Jose and Way Stations t<«:OOa*
HIHSr San ■> par ami Way Statluus .-... «7:'JOp
A for Morning. — — I' tot Afternoon
'Dally. t Hunday exreptM. 1 Sunday only.
6 SatnriUr ■a y .
4iJars<lays and Prldjrs c Tli v rsdays and Bnndays.
yT^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
&rtS^n ( y' i t 9r^y' AnXY hT - KttablwTed
§Dr. (if bhon*s Disponsary,
ff-r»Hi:An»IJiT. K»l*l>il S h*r<l
!^.*4 f..riUetrp»tment'i( Pn»aiH
Ulneaaea, Uml ltanb.iud DobUlly «,r
**S (Incase *?«arln»<,i. Ixw! yam! mind and
finEfCMfifl skin LNecaa*-*. Tbe doctor cum wb«u '
'■tliernfall. Try him. Crinrc*! low. i
■ n» I »ajrai»ra»a)t».eel. Callorwrlt<l
Dr. J. f. «.IBHOI Bei lt37.San Iritnclwa
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
LESSEE
UN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaroo Fcrrjr. Foot of Market fit.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:10. 1:00. UN a. m.; JSJS.
1.30 8.10, IJj p. m. Thundnys— Extra, trip
at 11 30 p. m. Batur-laye- Extra trip* at 1:W
and li:% d. m.
BVNDITS- -» 00. I'M. 11:00 a. m. : 1:10. 1:10.
1:00. * t. d m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS < 7 ' r . 5». 11:10 a. m.; 11:45.
1:40. SlO p. m. Saturday s— Extra trine at
1 " and 6:3 C p. m
BUNDAT3— 3:IO. 1:49, 11.19 a. m. 1:40. 1:44. 1:64.
8 25 D. m.
Between San Frar.rtaoo and Bchuetxea Park
same iche<lule as at>/ve.
L**rt Arrtre
Ban Francises. ', In Effect San Francisco.
- I '■■ : October 11. - - ' - ■
Week I Bun- Is 3». Bun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:10 am VOC am! Novato. 10:49 am •40 an
130 pm 1:30 am Prtaluma. pm 10:25 an
6:10 pm 1.00 pm Santa Roxa. 7 1: pr:. 1:25 prn
Fulton,
7. Mam Windsor. 10:13 am
Healdsburg.
L>(t n.
Gerservllle,
IK pm l:Mara '•.-•"•..- 7:33 pn <Tt pm
7:30 am Hop) and and
1:00 am T'kiah. 7:13 pm I n pm
1:20 am 10:23 ant
! 1-00 ami Ooem^nile T:« aaii
1:10 pm [ l:Opn
JO am 1:00 am! Sonoma ,10 40 am 1:40 am
and
1:10 pm I*o pm Glen Ellen. | It! a«[ 1:23 pa
7JO am 1:00 am( Bebastopol. 19:49 am 19:13 am
I 30 pro! 8:00 pml Tti pm 1:22 pm
Staices connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Bprtngs; at Lyttea
for Lytton Spring-*: at O«ys«rvllle for Bka«-jct
S-;rlnB»: at Ci.-.rrriial- for the Oeysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Spring*
Kclseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. 6cda Bay. Lak»-
rort and U«rtlett B;T'.ng». at Uklah for Vichy
prlncs. Saratoga. S^rln«s. blue Lakes. Laurtl
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Vpper Lak«, pom*,
Totter Valley. Jnhn D«y*s, Rlverilde. Llerley's,
Buckn>M's. feanl.-<lr'.n Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr*s
Hot Bprlngs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport, Veal. WllUtU. Layton*ill«. Cum-
ding a. Bell's Springe. Harris. Olsea'a, Dyer.
Boctla and Eurrka.
Saturday to Monday roond trip tickets at re-
duced ratea.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all petals
wcrond .-»»i;i Rafa»: at naif rate*.
TicV-t Ofnces. CM Market St.. Chronicle M 4«.
H. C Will" R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gea. Paaa. Ac cat.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
S nta Fe Route.
The fastest train, • panning over the beat ratio
road, with th« highest cltu aooommodatleoe.
Connecting train leavea Baa riineatui at
1:00 a. m.
KOSDAT. ▼rD«XCDAT. FHIDAT. IATOBVAT.
Arriving ta Chicago at t:18 p. m.
nUSAT. BDSDAT. TT7II9AT. VlDßlflir.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Even oar In the yew. Pullmaf Paiaee aa4
yphelst«r«d Tourttt Cars leave C^kland Mol«
or DenTer. Kac*aj City, Caleago aad the Ea*i
»!» p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Btocktou. Fresco. Hanford. Tlaallaw
Tular* and naJwrsSald. rarniab*e fee 4 loeaJ
train service.
Ban Franclaeo office.. OH Market St.. talecocaM
Main ML
Oakland office. 1119 Broadway.
Bacramento offlr«. Itl J ctreet.
Ban Joe* office. 7 West Santa Clara ilneO
IOBrH PACIFIC COAS? RAILROAD.
Via BwuallS* Wtry.
Commencing October 1. uoa
TEOM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. XXLLMT
AND BAN RAFAEU ***»•■*
WEEK DATS— »7:OO. •» 30. 11.00 a. mx. • m«.
•1:40. i IS. « CO. 1:13 p. m • ' 4l^
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Baa Mm.
fa-. on Mondays. Wednesdays and * A - -<««vT
at 9 00 and U:js p. m "»™ays,
BUNDATS-'I:CO t »i 0:0». 11:30 a. m. • n 14
1:1$. N:45. « 10. 1:00 p. m * **•
Trains markea 1*) run ta Pen Qnentln
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK I.AT«-fK. •*.». 7 46. "5-40 i!^;
•11:», 1:15. M:4O, •» II p. m. . * l
EXTRA TRIPS on M .n<l\y». Waaaeadara u4
Saturdays at 1:40 and 10:15 p. m .
6T*NI'ATS— •.». •« -» *1000. •HOI a. aa..
•1:40. «l.l*. 4.46. H 36 p. m D - 1
Trains marked <•> art from Baa Qacntln
mOM MILL VALLEY to SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATB-«:«. 1:43. 7:84. ?M i. n?!
11:15. 1:13. 3:45, 510 p. m. "^ •« » B».|
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays ajwa
Ekturdays at 1:00 and 10:50 p. m "~**" •»•
l:«?*:tt A J. 8 2 * > 10:<« a. m - ; U.ta. |;i|. «+>
9 -W. I :•• p. m
■ . THROUGIt TRAINS
t:00a. m week < .atader and way stations
1:40 p. m. •aturdaya-T and -ay st«tlona!
1:00 a, m- Bundaya— a&4 way staitoat
MOUNT TA.MALPAIS >Ch.\u KAILV^Ai
Leav« San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry
WeeV Dajrt-» *) a, m. and 1:43 p. m.
Sundays. .l:oo. 10:00 a m and 1:15 p^.
Bteam-hested. closed ear on all trains
• Fare.. San Fraaclao to Summit ana Retura,
1112
INSIDE HISTORY OF A
FAMOUS POLITICAL DEAL
Politicians Collect the Frag
ments of a Broken Slate.
Programme Now Presented to L F. Bying
ton Was Formed When Nine Men Cre
ated the Democratic Commit
tee of One Hundred.
THE Inrlde history of a remarkable
political deal '-:■•• coming
vividly to light. The programme
recently presented by Gavin Me-
Nab and his associates to District
Attorney-eJect Byington Is the one
that vu agreed upon when the Demo
rxaxle State Central Committee appoint
ed in May, IS:<S, nice men to reorganise
the local forces of the party. Political
events unexpected Interposed obstacles to
the execution of ■■■.• , ram In No
vember, ISPS. h*nce the long-deJayed ob
ligations are now presented for recogni
tion.
la crder that the people may fairly
comprehend the situation It Is necessary
to recall torn* of the Incidents preceding
the creation cf the Committee of One
Hundred. Judge Magulre in May, 1888,
was a candidate for gubernatorial hon
ors and wanted harmony. Governor
Budd and Major Harney were anxious to
obtain control of the D«»mocratlo works
and bring about a reconciliation of all the
warring element*. The same purpose
animated Mayer Phelan and Gavin Me-
Nab. As all the leading statesmen were
yearning for harmony, the main purpose,
therefore, was to devise some means to
promote peace.
The plan for the State Central Commit
tee to naino nine peacemakers was sub
mitted. Governor lJudd and Major Har
ney looked over the Hold and came to the
conclusion that they cuulii control five of
the nln« sui?p<»st«Ni. Ga\in McNab fan
cied thai he could win ov«r five and thus
secure tho r*-ln* of the organization.
The nin« appointed were Frank H.
Oould. W. H. Alford. Robert Fit zee raid.
Kugene Dcuproy. Gavin McNab, Charles
11. Cabifln. Governor Budd. Ben M. Mad-
Cot.. I. I. Irwln.
The promise was held out to w, H.
AJford by Governor Budd and Major Ilar
ney that he should -wive the appoint
ment of attorney for the State Board of
Harbor Coxnmi.*slonwß an a reward for
supporting the Budd forces. It was pro
McNAB CARRIES
A HEAVY LOAD
OF CANDIDATES
Quarrels Rend the
Organization.
SULLIVAN WOULD BE CHIEF
EXAMINER AJTD THE HOOT MON
AT LOGGERHEADS.
*
l>emand for thm Appointment of Dr.
Bosencrantz Stirs Up a Merry
Demand for th« Appointment of Dr.
Rosencrentz Stir* Up a Merry
Little Row in the Upper
Circles.
It till re<xnlr<» an ambulance to cart
off the dead Mrds that prill drop when
Mayor Phwian explode* his little patron
a*« bomb at the end of the present week.
The fight if a warm one and .the finish
all hut In eight.
One of the most startling developments
of the prryent we«k Is that Colonel
W. P. tiuHlvaa, will accent grate
fully If Mayor Phelan shall prof
fer him the office which Chief '.***
is fighting to hold. Colonel Sullivan, who
In J«»t BOW the Mayor's secretary, ha«»
grme Into his fight with b«*eomlng mod
esty. He has not approached his chief
himself, but has pone at him through a
mutual and Influential friend— Ed Don
r.<-ly. the wealthy wholesale butcher.
Donnejy went Into Patton's flght against
Phelan In IK?S. but during the last elec
tion wu called back Into the ranks and
nun* to the front against Horace Davis.
T.a.'t week he called at the executive
chambers and suggested to his Honor
that in looking lot I>es* successor bo
could do no better than to consider the
long and faithful service* of the colonel.
Ju*t what Phrlan paid In reply Mr Don
nely has not distributed along the line.
The rejection of a city physician his
set Gavin McN"ab and the Examiner at
loxrerheals. The Examiner has de
demanded the appointment cf Dr. N.
Kotencrantr. Its official phvtidan, but
llcNab hut declined to honor the call
on the ground that RosencranU Is too
dm up to be a rood political appoint
ment. Dr. "Tom" Shumate Is the orranl
latiorCs choice for the place and will
probably lard. Dr. A P. O'Brien, who
has been prominently mentioned for
Hetlth Officer, has found a strong oppo
nent In Dr. <Vorge M. Ternll. who is
paid to have McNab close behind him.
Terrlll was the organization candidate
for Coroner at the time Dr. Ed E Hill
the Incumbent; broke the slate and car
ried the, nomination out of the convention
George McGlllvray Is connl<sered In Mn« '
for the Board of Public Works. He has
the warm frlendthlp of the Mayor and
the backing of McKab and It Is llkelv he
will (ret th« plum. Contrary •, the "gen
eral lmprewlon. P. IL McCarthy 1< still
In the same fight and hi» Interests are
bring cared for by M. C. Haesett. L K.
Ellert Is tdso being mentioned for the
board and !t Is mild ha* traded the posi
tion In the Ghrrlffs office of which he had
the disposal for Influence In his new flxhu
Ex-Registrar Blggy has transferred his
burning <3e«sre for the office of ChW of
Police to the Board of Public Works and
1* confident hie claims will be acknowl
edged. Ex-Sheriff John J. McDade Is also
out for the name office, aa are a lot of
lesser Ugh**, who will be brought la la
the ambulance when the gong rings.
Reward.
A most liberal reward will be pair" by
Charles F. Kapp for the return of th«
llfe-EJze painting of "Madeline," the well
known contortion dancer now performing
at Kapn & Street's concert nail. The
painting wan ctolen from the grotto en
trance on Christmas eve>. N'.. Questions
■will be ask'-d on return of property. •
■ • ■
Mrs. T^ulea Not Murdrred.
Coroner lull mm an Inquest yesterday
upon the body of Mary Dulleo, who died
en Chrlftma* eve at 739 Folsom etroot,
fopponedly from the effects of a beating
alleged to have- been Inflicted by her hu«
1.an.l Autopsy Surgeon Zabala testified
that the cause of death was congestion
of th© kidneys. The Jury returned a ver
dict of death from natural causes.
■ • ■
Dr. Parker's Courh Cur*. On* doa* will atop
a ooua-a. XtTtx Calls. Tit U. All dragrlsts.
i gramraed that Ed Fitzgerald should be
nominated Assessor In return for Rob
ert Fltsperald'e support of the Budd-Har
nev programme.
As the process of reorg&nl ration went
on Governor Budd and Major Hamey as
: certained that Gavin McNab was getting
control of the Committee of One Hundred
through appointments made with the ac
qulesence of Robert Fitzgerald and W.
H. Aiford. The upshot 01 the deal was
the conquest of the works by the Phelan-
V Nub force*.
Of course the obligation to make Alford
attorney for the Harbor Commission was
canceled. Gavin McNab. however, ar
ranged that Eugene Deuprey should be
District Attorney of San Francisco and
Alford should have a $3500 place In the
office. The plan miscarried because the
Hearst Influence in the Examiner office
compelled the sacrifice of Deuprey and
I the nomination of Barclay Henley for
1 District Attorney. In order to console
Deuprey It was agreed that he should
1 have the District Attomey6hlp In 1899.
Owing to the strength developed last fall
by other candidate*, and particularly by
Wesley Reed. Potter Ashe and L* F.
Byington. Deuprey had no chance In the
i convention. He withdrew from the race
I after a long conference with Charles Fay.
It Is surmised that he was promised a
■ first-class position In the District Attor
ney* office, but when the promise was
given It was supposed by Fay that Reed
would win the nomination. Bylngton
really broke the slate and compelled Mo-
Nab's acceptance of the situation in order
to defeat Porter Ashe's nomination.
Bylngton was elected and now the pro
gramme to reward Alford and Deuprey
Is presented to him. He threatens to Kick
over the traces and appoint Greaney and
Weller. For many years Bylngton and
"Weller were associated In the law busi
ness, hence personal regard and old-time
friendship are considered by the District
Attorney-elect. Greany was a staunch
supporter of Byington throughout the
political campaign last fall and is classed
as foremost among those entitled to
recognition.
There Is not much sympathy expressed
for Alford. ai> he deserted Budd and Har
ney to Join Phelan and McNab.
RICHARD DABNEY
JOHNSON MAY BE
TAKEN TO TEXAS
His Parents Appear
in Cook's Court.
BOY IN SHERIFFS CUSTODY
EFFORTS BEING MADE TO
EFFECT A COMPROMISE.
Disposition of Litigation Between
the Prominent New Orleans
People Near at
Hand,
The first scene In what promise* t© be
a sensational legal battle for the custody
of young Richard Dabney Johnson was
l enacted by parents and counsel In Judge
Cook's court yesterday morning. The
child, who Is Just past 12 years of age.
Is the coveted treasure of his parents,
Albert Sidney Johnson and his wife, but
j as they have separated there will be con
siderable trouble before his custody Is
finally awarded by the court. Late Tues
day afternoon Deputy Sheriff D. C. Mar
tin went to the Ocoidental Hotel In obedi
| ence of process of court and took the
lad from the custody -of his mother. Mrs.
Johnson followed them to the Palace
Hotel and took apartments adjoining
those In which the son retired, and In or
der to see that the lad did not change his
residence the deputy and Mr. Johnson
remained up all night and kept guard.
Yesterday morning a writ of habeas
corpus sworn out by Mr. Johnson In an
effort to secure the custody of his boy
was called by Judge Cook for hearing 7
Mother, father and child were In court at
the hour set for the hearing. Milton Eis
ner represented the father, who filed the
writ, and General Barnes appeared to
prosecute the Interests of the mother.
Mrs. Johnson, richly gowned and with
an Intelligent, expressive face: Mr John
son, tall and refined, and the lad. bright
well groomed and bejeweled. took their
respective seats and the fight was on.
General Barnes rose and said that he
was not ready to proceed with the merits
of the case. The contest over the child's
t°™£ dy £, th * J* 1 " 11 of matrimonial
troubles between his parents and it does
not seem oroper that he should remain In
iii e tw Bl( * y ». of the « herl! L I" k that un
til this matter Is disposed of the boy bs
given Into his mother's custody. We will
give a bond for his appearance In court
this afternoon. 7T" * fc
Mr. Eisner objected to this proceeding
and said that no harm could result If th«
boy remained in the Sheriff's custody for
a few hours and his client, the boy's
father, would be better pleased If this
course was followed as the lad might be
Influenced In'iome way prejudicial to his
fa.her. This Mrs. Johnson promptly de
nied, but the oourt refused to disturb the
right of the Sheriff and the boy remained
In his custody. At % o'clock In the after
noon the litigants were again In court and
Mr. Eisner made a motion for a continu
ance. General Barnes said that he had
no objection as a compromise would
doubtless be effected before this morning
and possibly me lad would be sent to
Texas In charge of relatives.
The case will again come up for hearing
this morning and In the meantime Mr
a ?li Mrs. Johnson, who occupy an en
viable position in New Orleans society
will prepare their points In event the
compromise falls through and the court
Is left to determine the merits of the
parents" contentions.
When court adjourned the attorneys
Mrr^d to hold a meeting this morning "in
the hope of arriving at an amicable *et
tienient. It Is understood that n»lth*r
parent will allow the child to remain In
the custody of the other, but both are
perfectly willing that their son should be
sent u> a boarding school. If the meeting
of fJ!"*^?^ 1 3m 6 dlf> PUt « for the custody
or the child will come to an end.
It was stated by one of the attorneys
last night that the wife will Immediately
file suit against the husband for an ab
solute divorce on the ground of cruelty
JtSSL^H 1 Mr J naB °n would not offer any
opposition to the granting of the decree
wWVml S deTVtWe O nal disclosures
will he made by both Kid. s. '"^urea
wSe 3 Johnsons are natives of Texa«: They
were married in the lx>ne Star State and
took up residence In New Orleans For
the past nve or rtx years he haTb'en fm
nloyed by Walker & Company, the well
known cotton manufacturers of the South.
He was Bent out to this coast a year ago
to Introduce the articles manufactured by
hit arm. A frtr ire«k« ago Johnson and
THE BAIT FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 28. 1899.
TO PUMP FROM THE DEPTHS
MILLIONS OF LONG-BURIED GOLD
The Latest California Gold-Digging Invention.
Cmltfomf* tmln »tcp« to the front in
the rapid march of the mining Industry
with a fold getting Invention that prom
ises to effect a revolution in one depart
ment of the great mining field.
An lnrentlve C allfornla miner has per
fected a method of dipsrlng gold chiefly
with air and water. The process, as It
haa been developed up on the old Mokel
umne. Is a thoroughly practical one and Is
now an economical success. If It remains
a success under varying oondltlons, as It
promises to do. millions of dollars' worth
of California gold, not obtainable In any
other way. will be added to the gold pro
duct of the State, and the phenomenal
but now Inaccessible riches of the stream
beds of the Cape Nome. Cape York and
other gold regions will be won.
P. B. Donahoo Is the man who appears
to have solved the gold mining problem
never Bolved before. The problem Is that
of how to get the gold lying on and In the
crevices and depressions of the bedrock
under the channels of auriferous streams
when the bedrock must remain sub
merged. The problem stuck In Mr. Dona
hoo's mind during many years of his long
mining career In California and other
western States and two or three years
ago he began practical experiments which
led to Its solution. His novel solution Is
a big floating plant provided with power
and machinery, the chief feature being a
large caisson, kept clear of water by air
pressure In the usual way, which can be
rapidly sunk through a deep bed of gravel,
which Is sluiced as excavated to the bared
bedrock, which can be quickly and thor
oughly cleaned. In all gold bearing
streams the placer gold Is naturally most
concentrated on the bedrock Itself. Of
California's gold product of $1,800,000,000
about $1*000,000,000 has been placer gold.
The richest finds of early days were al
MRS. ALBERT SIDNEY JOHNSON AND HER SON DABNEY.
IMPORTANT FIGURES IN A BENBATIONAL. FAMILY QUARREL.
his family took up residence at the Occi
dental and during their stay at that hos
telry renewed their Quarrels. Mrs. John
6on a mother and sister joined them at
the hotel and their presence added fuol
to the husband's jpassion. A few nights
ago he left th^ Occidental and took up
hla abode at the Palace. The following
day he watched his opportunity and kid
naped his son. The mother devoted her
energies to ascertaining Its hiding place
and with the aid of detectives kidnaped
It In return, As was stated In yesterday 1 *
Call, Mr. Johnson brought the matter to
a climax by securing a writ of habeas
corpus from Judge Cook and the docu
ment was served on the mother.
FALSE CLAIM OF NEW
STRENGTH FOR BURNS
LETTER FROM ASSEMBLYMAN
COWAN OP SONOMA.
His Position as a Democrat Defined
and His Purpose to Stand by His
Party Declared.
AseemNymnn William V. Cowan of So
noma expresses surprise that he 1b In
cluded In a list of twenty-one members
of the legislature, of which number fif
teen are classed as new recruits In the
camp of D. M. Burns.
The Call published the statement that
agents of the Southern Paclflo were
claiming that Burns had gained fifteen
votes slnoe the adjournment of the regu
lar session. It was aleo noted that the
agents of the corporntion when called
upon to designate the fifteen exhibited a
list of twenty-one, claiming that the fif
teen recruits were there enrolled.
Assemblyman Cowan, a Democrat, was
embraced In the larger list. The Call's
motive In giving publicity to the list was
to show the utter absurdity of the rail
road's claim of Increased strength for
Burns and also to elicit expressions from
members of the Legislature who had no
thought of entering the Burns corral.
The purpose of the publication has been
served. Mr. Cowan clearly defines his
position in this language:
It must b« known to The Call that I am
a Democrat and supported none but Demo
crats for BrnatortsJ honors during; the last
session of the Legislature, and did not have,
and will not. have, the "open sesame" to
the majority caucus. Furthermore, there
has been no cogent reason tug Rested to alter
my determination In regard to the Senator
ial question, and, as In the past I did. In
the future I will. eon«l<Jer It my duty to
support a Democrat of known probity and
ways at the bottoms of bars and benches,
where the stream had onoe deposited Its
gold and left It on finding a different and
lower channel. The present channels were
rich and the greatest values lay, as a rule.
In the lowest parts where they were least
accessible. Millions have been spent In
getting at these gold reserves by taking
the stream out of Its bed, where Us size
made It possible and In building wing
dams around small areas of river beds
during low water, the enclosed Bpace be
ing pumped out and worked. Millions
have been recovered In this way, but only
a small fraction of the beds of the present
streams have been worked In this man
ner and under all these waters, as they
now run all through the gold regions
there Is more gold than there was In 1849.
How to get this gold has been the hard
est problem miners have met. It Is eas
ier to get gold buried a half-mile deep In
the veins of a mountain. The drift mln- i
ers are getting out the millions of placer ,
gold on the bedrock of ancient rivers ,
buried under hundreds of feet of lava,
but they are getting little of the gold In
the beds of the present California rivers.
Diverting or wing damming a stream
is costly and hazardous. The need has
been partly met with gold dredges. In
which powerful buckets, armed with big
steel teeth, bring up the gravel. But
these dredges, of whatever type, have
solved the problem only partly, stopping
Just above the bedrock. The huge steel
scoops can't pick up the gold lying right I
on the bottom. Most stream beds con- I
tain "potholes" and other depressions In I
which the gold often concentrates and
the story of California mining Is full of
tales of lucky fortunes found in such
treasure places. The dredges let such gold
lie. The bedrock is generally full of
cracks and crevices, and theae the heav-
ability for th* offlc* of United Btatta Sen
ator; and no action or conduct on my part
has licensed any on* to Infer that I will
devlata from such course. A high regard
for aad a sense of duty to the party of which
I am a representative In the Legislature
dictate that In the selection of a United
Gtatee Senator I should ba guided by th«
counsel tuid wish of that political party, and
to this principle I shall not be recreant.
IWllzlng that It Is your desire to ascer
tain the truth on this subject, I Indite thes*
few lrnes. that the readers oi your vsJuabl*
paper may not be deceived by an unwar
ranted statement as to my attitude.
Useful New Year Presents.
Traveling sets, valises, bags, pocket
books, bill books and card cases are nice
presents for either lady or gentleman.
Lettered in gold free of charge when
bought from Sanborn. Vail &. Co.. 741 Mar
ket street. Open evenings this week. •
Fell From a "Window.
Hugh Dolan, 80 year* old, residing at
the corner of Bryant avenue and Twenty
fourth street, had his right hip broken
and received a lacerated wound on the
head by falling out of the second-story
window of his residence yesterday even-
Ing. Dolan was sitting on the window
Bill watching for the return of his son and
daughter, who wero downtown, when he
lost his balance and foil to the sidewalk,
a distance of twenty feet. He was sent
to the City and County Hospital by Po
lice Officer Joseph Redmond, where he
was treated by Dr. Boskowltz. ConsM<-r
lng the age of the injured man. his condi
tion is regarded n.« precarious.
Ladle*' tallor-ma<l<: suits, fur capes, cloak*.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 334 Post St. •
Farnsworth's Smoker.
The hall of Farnsworth Lodgq, I. O. O.
F.. In the Odd Fellows' building, was
crowded last night with members and
visitors who were there to enjoy a social
evening and a emoker that had been ar
ranged by the committee of the lodge on
entertainment. A feature of the pro
gramme was the appearance of Henry
Knoke. past grand of the lodge, in Arctic
costume. He recently returned from the
far north, and gave a brief, entertaining
and Instructive account of life and scenes
In the territory of snow and ice. He also
furnished a Dumber of stereopticon views
of scenes in that land. Th-re under the
direction of Thomas K. Kare. master of
ceremonies, there -was a programme ot
music, songs and. recitations contributed
by C. M. Emerson. George R. Weeks W
O. Waites, William Taylor. C. C. Bradford
ami W. J. Rrobeck. the whole making up
a very pleasant evening's entertainment.
Thwe were cigars and sweet cider.
When taken at the proper Urn* a little Jena
Moor* "XX" wh!sk»y will prevent & cold
1 J e .H, 80 ™ fllls - escaping the dredge. In
drift mines several Inches of the bed
rock are generally taken up, and this Is
the practice In the Klondike. So plain
Is this that a soft bedrock which a dredge
can easily dig up is recognized as essen
tial to full success In dredging. That Is
why dredging is so successful in the
Clutha. in New Zealand. The bedrock on
the Feather, near Orovllle, Is a soft lava
deposit, and that is why OrovJlle is the
dredging center of the State. Elsewhere
the dredge must take the top and leave
the richest concentrates which nature has
hidden with greatest success.
This la the significance of Mr. Dona
hoo'n submarine hydraulic dredge. He Is
the first to succeed In adapting the cais
son to gold mining. The big chamber of
iron plates, easily raised and lowered
from a barge, sinks to the river bottom,
an air compressor keeping out the water.
A powerful centrifugal pump leading
from the bottom rapidly excavates by
euctlon and passes upward the river bed
and the chamber goes steadily downward.
The material. Including all bowlders that
will enter the pipe, goes to a revolving
grizzly on the Darge, from which the finer
material passes to 160 feet of sluices in
which the gold Is caught. To facilitate
the excavation, which Is on the principle
of the dredge* so successful on canal
work, a force pump supplies when wanted
a powerful stream, which is used from
a nozzle at the bottom like a hydraulic
giant, digging up the bottom and passing
the material to the suction pump.
The plant has worked for two months
In the bed of the Mokelumne. thirty miles
above Stockton, and Is now running night
and day. It Is reported that the opera
tions have been so successful that dur
ing the coming year four large plants of
this type are to be Installed on that and
adjoining streams, which have been for
ages wearing away the great mother lode
and which hold In their lowest depths the
gold that was there when Marshall found
his nugget «. The Invention Is interesting
and full of possibilities, for Its estab
lished success would mean great things
to the State.
POLICE OBTAIN
THE SUMP THAT
GRIMMELL USED
Found Secreted in
His Room.
HAS ELUDED THE DETECTIVES
♦
DESPEBATE FORGEB 18 FLEE
ZNQ TO THE EAST.
•
Fugitive Said to Have Been Led to
Commit the dime Through His
Losses at th« Race
track.
E. E. Grlmmell. who !■ wanted by the
police for forgery. It another victim of
the "ponies." Finding himself penniless,
the result of playing the races, Grlmmell
opened Major Hall's safe and abstracted
400 checks drawn on the assistant treas
urer of the United States. Appropriating
the perforating stamp used by Major Hall
he at once proceeded to fill out the checks
and flood the city with the worthless pa
per. After he had succeeded In passing
some of the checks to which he had
forged the name of Major Hall. Orlmmoll
evidently fearing arrest, packed his grl»
and left for parts unknown
L*st night the detectives found the per
forating stamp and some unsigned checks
which Urtmmell had stolen. In the room
that he had occupied on Ellis street The
stolen property was taken to police head
quarters and will be turned over to the
United States authorities to-day.
A short time after being employed by
Major Hail. Grtmmell lost heavily at the
racetrack and his friends feared that he
would do romethlng doeperate. He repre
sented to his employer that his wife was
an Invalid, but subsequent developments
Bhowed that he was not married but was
a frequenter of tenderloin resorts.
The police are satisfied that Grlmmell
la on his way East. It Is believed that
he obtained considerable money on the
forged checks and on learning that the
detectives were after him lost no time In
leaving the city. Telegrams have been
sent to the Chiefs of Police throughout
the East asking them to arrest Grimniel!
If found.
MBS. KOPP NOT QUTLTY.
She Is Acquitted of the Murder of
Her Husband.
After deliberating about haJf an hour a
Jury in Judge Dunne's court last even
ing decided that Mrs. Louisa Kopp was
not guilty of manslaughter fr.r having
shot and killed her husband. Charles
Kopp, after he had assaulted her. The de
fense had its inning yesterday afternoon.
The most important witness was Amanda
Kopp daughter of the defendant. 8h«
told how her father had abused her
mother and how In order to uvc ht>r own
life Mrs. Kopp had shot her husband The
case was submitted practically without
argument and the Jury agreed on the sec
ond ballot.
Contest Goodman's Will.
Florence Goodman and Lulu Morse
grandchildren of the late George Good
man, have riled a contest to decedent's
will, in which D. E. Goodman was named
as sole executor. The contestants allege
that the will was procured through unriu*
InPueneo when the testator was of un
sound mind.
Two Transports Arrive in Port.
The United States army transports
Newport and Centennial arrived from
Manila last night and anchored off Angel
Island.
Hale^ j ]
|gj • ■ S
i : a handkerchief event. i
*«£H: remember the handkerchief* yea
ffl J *~**. saw In our window* last »•'<
# _X^ of course you do. no doubt you - aI
T7ZT. >^S»,«>') admired them and wondered at th« .--. .
:H3: > W^ remarkably low price*. perhaps .ID:
iJ±-. CO-~7-"( you bought some. well, to-day we ---;»
BI ■ > (— ' i cut the rrlcej lower still, why? .Til;
| V" - J they're soiled, a finger mark here. -J^.
*?ir. /"^H r^' -^\ a bit of dirt there, that's all; not *ttj«
•IB*. /-. V"N 5 ?) damaged one bit. Just as good aj :,t±J :
•i-—' / }. *T ,/ when they came to us but. as w # t^,
•m« I \ < * »ald before, a trlfla soiled In plac- .-tn;
■.lis: I it*"! — V ing and taking them out of the win- llii'
trr. I V 4 V V<< dows. no matter how many you # t»*
:IB: 1 \ \^<^H->/V-' UBt we *l yot iJ^. ••!»:
' - \ V( Jr T ~X to buy more at th— »rtce«: _^,
•tS*, \ V>/-*^/\^ all soiled lace all soiled em- ;Tn;
:rD: S^\^ \ X >*// \_/ «<Sge and embrold- broldered lln-n lit}'.
T^r. / \\ «red iwls* hand- and bwlm seal- ;— *
: ffl ! /V I W* kerchiefs marked loped and li ac« .Jg.
•1°; '/ \ \.?\^<h. 12Hc and 15c will edge hand k c r-
•m- / /^..^^«lV\ vX be soil at.each »c chiefs marked Mo 'm*
:ffi: .7 /X^-V^./ .^» 50 dozen ladies' and lie will be sold ;[&;
♦^- .(/ '/_ />^- r r white all pure linen at ..each 15e ;--*
ItO: »! <?■* — > Li — hemstitched hand- 85 dozen !»<«*» .TO:
■JD- »V i^'^^ kerchief s. ail clean, white hemstitched -^
VTZr: » ■.._,-»-!< fresh goods... each cambric handker- -tt> .
:H3- rv*— Be dozen chiefs each j« :ri3:
s? ■ down 330 -»
|s| solid silver novelties. £k M ,
iffii .""""■ ■" v ""' t perfumery v*# Si
, m . manicure nclgsors Too r " v" i > . J # TT»*
•ffl* sterling silver emeries. -.1o little casino german e»- /iA ]i\ •ID:
'•_: sterllnr silver pockrt logne. regular price lta. to v*-*/ ♦
;ttV knives. r»Oo. 7.%cand91.00 close Be a bottle 7/v\ ;yn;
Vll3-'V 113 - ' sterling silver shoe horns. Kirk's rose and violet M ?*P»
tTZZ regular 75c kind, to close tO a D s. 2 cakes In a box. to I%] TrZ*.
:Ifi B«»o close 12« box f IS/ «HJ:
, , cut-p!.iFs muclUne bottles. - ,„.'!. ''" !„. ,„,.. \ Pt/ **%•
Jg! w,th .terllnc sliver tojs U ln* TOB^toTtlS fef M
•is cut-rla.-s inlve jar*, uter- Wo bottl# |y — «
• U4. ling sliver tops 500 french perfumery for atom- #2 >Tfi»
•^*- J • roller blotters with ster- tiers, crabapple. white rose Bf .iiJ.
•TT3 # line silver handles r>Oe and peau d'espagne.. lOc o> *) •ttv
lltj; silver are 'alt and pepper superfine french bristle A-\ '.ttj'
• ■ shakers in case. Me kin toothbrushes, regular ■• I I m
"PB* to i"'88i "' 88 *** palr « lnd . special price 1-c \ / 'IS*
5 horns for New Year's .«§- M
.**B: - . »»r l«tt«r lJ&
+—~ remember, you will want a horn for new year's eve; w» . . .4
|pg: have them from Be up. M»i*...«J* .--.
is) I -/*. 9 «& -"" s
•ffi- srora ffl ffl <££& l G**Q&r2fr>t satis- jr*?
y. aS= ,«,„, j|
•^o"- I I 936-947 Market Street. I • — •"
HIGHBINDERS IN
CHINATOWN ARE
READY FOR WAR
Outbreak Expected at
Any Moment.
*
TEN EXTRA POLICE ON DUTY
•
MABYSVTLLE MURDER HAS
HASTENED MATTERS.
■ ♦
Hop Slug and Suey Sing Tongs,
Rival Factions, Waiting for a
Chance to Open Hos
tilities.
Th« war between the Hop Sing and Suey
Blng tonjjs which has been brewing for
some time past has reached a point where
a wholesale murder is feared by the law
abldlns and peaceable Chinese of this
city. The police have Kept the rival fac
tions under close surveillance for some
time, and it was thought that the high
binders had transferred their hostllluea
to the interior counties of the State.
The warring tongs, however, have been
trying to rally their lighters to this city
and for several days the Chinatown
squad has been picking up stray high
binders recently arrived from the coun
try and ordering them to leave the city
under peialty.
The presence of the notorious flghter
who hires out as a professional murderer
has been noted by the merchants, and In
consequence notices have been posted in
the Chinese quarter appealing to Its deni
zens to avoid trouble. On Tuesday lust
a member of the Suey Sing Company was
killed in Marysville in a pitched battle
among the factions, where over a hun
dred shois were fired, and at once a Hop
Sing member was charged with the crime.
The accused man is a notorious Los
Angeles highbinder and was .sent to
Marysvllle, the Suey Sings claim, under
a contract to kill ono of their men.
When the news of the murder reached
San Frunclsco the resident members of
the fighting societies commenced gather
ing In their respective 1. ra to
determine how tv start hostilities here.
The police were notified early yesterday
that an outbreak might b* expected at
any moment, and in cun.«equence a squad
of ten officers under command of Sergeant
Christiansen has been t.Jded to the detail
already In Chinatown, with orders to
break up meetings of the bad plement and
to search every suspicious character
Last night the extra s«juad went Into
Cum Cook alley and fuuna ovrr one hun
dred excited Chinamen and drove them
from the vicinity. There la no doubt that
the timely arrival of the squad prevented
the opening of hostilities, for soon after
the men came back to the alley In twos
and threes to renew their meeting. Ser
geant Chrlstlan6en. however, had his men
DM some force and search every susr
plclous or known "bad man." giving or
ders to his men to keep them moving and
allow no gatherings on the streets. The
early precautions may have a good effect
on the Chinamen, but trouble la feared
and the report from one pistol Is liable
to start a fusillade that will make work
for the Coroner.
BARBER SHOP ROBBED.
Thieves G«t Away With Money and
a Number of Razors.
Burglars plundered the barber shop In
the basement of 16 Powell street Tuesday
night and secured about $15 In cash and
a number of razors. The thieves made
their entrance into the place througn a
rear doorway leading into an all'
running off 10111b street. From the man
ner In which the burulars worked the
proprietor believes that they were famil
iar with the place. The money was fiiil
den behind one of the mirrors.
The Work of the Day.
Turk street Temple was crowded last
night with members of Liberty Branch of
the Social Democratic party and their
friends, who had gathered to hear A. M.
Banborn speak on "The Work of tho
Day." Sanborn. who Is a powerful
speaker, was frequently Interrupted dur
ing his discourse by the hearty applause
of his hearers. He dealt with th- occu
pations of rren of the present day and
of the implements with which they fol
low them. 11. said the laboring man
spent the years of his life In crpatins
the wealth of which others deprived him
and that an equalizing of that condition
was what all should work for. Mark
Bartlett. who acted as chairman of tho
meeting, announced that on next Wednes
day evening Henry Warnecko Jr. wruld
address the club upon "What Should Gov
ernment Be?"
New Ladies' Auxiliary.
The following ladies have t
officers of .the recently organ;.
Auxiliary of th
achim Streisland: Mrs. Colman.
dent; Mrs. S. J. Levy. vie pn -
t". Robin. secretary; Mrs. B. S<
treasurer: Mrs. A. M. Jacobs. Mrs. j.
Davis. Mrs. A. Brown, trustees. Tl
ject of the organization la to raise fun Is
to furnish the proposed new synagogue.
Three Days' Holiday Specials
THURSDAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY
SLICED PINEAPPLE. I. mo tin ISo
Fancy Blorapor«.
R«£ularly aoe. '
COCKTAILS, bot. . T5 .
JTiiiJty. Manhattan. Martial and Otn,
corvee, ideal Blend. i ib« bso
noe«t«l or eround.
Reicularly 25c a Ib
TOM AND JERRY. New England, bot. SI
A food and stimulant combined.
Regularly JLM. ■
0 X WHISKY, bot. 75c, 3 bot.. S3
Re a «^n tr anV^ •**»"»'SS. 63
Flnert qnalfty of this wall-known brand
Regularly SI and U.
LAUNDRY SOAP. 8 cake* 250
Fairbanks' Whit* Star brand.
Regularly f for 15c.
PORT AND SHERRY, bot. BBe. 3 botaSt
California's rood wholeaom* win*
Regularly COo a bot.
CHAMPAGNES, pin 81.40. casa 538 .50
qta. 82.63. ca«« $31.50
Ro*dtrer, Pomraery. Whit* S«aJ. Monooole
Mumm. Perrter Jou«t and Rutnart.
OPEN EVENINGS.
MAIL. ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
3« STOCKTON ST, 3253FILUIORE ST ,
Old nunnbw J1 Stockton Copn-r Lombard.
,St . M ■'** "•' Til,^«. WMW M 148.
Tiliyhaa* Maia 5521 .
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
Please accept this rattan cliair
as a New Year's gift Pay $5
as it suits your convenience,
and you will be highly pleased
with your purchase.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.), •
1017-1023 MISSION STHRRT.
fibova SUtt).
Pki« B rath 14. o|«i K»ts!a jt.
Send for New Illustrated Catalog
Fancy Glassware
Bargains.
It* Worth Vonr
Co in Just to Ice,
Great America! tartan Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere,
zoo Stores*
Z7IZ~TTIiOENTLE.MEN,
wbi W^^M READ TUT ? fou^w-
COMPLEXION S^SCSbS
COMPLEXION; ,-' !i"«?w! i "«?w
FLESHY WHITE. of '.Vut ft? tSTl*^
31MM.CAI Wf> -*
1 I your*. A. NEUiONv" 7
RUPTUREII^
iiuriuiiLsErA»
ket at., Baa rrvxetaca.