VOLUME LXXXYI->'O 96.
CREWS OF BRITISH
SHIPS IMPRISONED
BY THE FILIPINOS
Seamen of Two Vessels Held Captive
Pending Proof of Their Nationality,
Escaped Spanish Prisoners Say the Ammunition
of Aguinaldo's Army Is Almost Com
pletely Exhausted.
+ MANILA, Sept. 4.— Five men of Colonel Bell's regiment yesterday X
■♦■ encountered a rebel outpost near Porac and in the fighting which ensued •♦
•♦" one American was killed and another wounded. The remainder drove *
i the rebels from their position and captured a bull cart In which to re- ~£
♦ move the injured. >
•♦■ ■.-'.':'• "♦■
MANILA. Sept 3.- Many Spanish !
prisoners are escaping from the j
Filipinos and bringing into the i
American lines stories of hard
treatment: Vhey agree that
the Filipinos are exceedingly short of :
rations and that a large section of their
troops is reduced to the use of home j
made black powder.
The natives ire trying every scheme !
to get foud and munitions from Manila.
Daily arrests are made for attempts to
smuggle contraband of war through the j
American lines. In one case a casco j
m ith a cargo of bamboo poles was over- i
hauled and the poles were found full of
The insurgents have a whoiesome re
spect for the British on account of sev- j
eral threats of British warships to bom
bard their towns unless the rights of ]
British subjects are respected.
Two British vessels, the Liacson and .
the Nero, were driven by stress of .
weather into the harbor of Dagupan, j
the northern terminus of the Dagupan j
railway. The crews were imprisoned, i
but on their protesting that they were |
British subjects, the insurgent auth j
ties permitted one man. Edwards, to ;
come to Manila, promising to release ;
the crew of the Lascon if Edwards ob
tained from the British Consul at Man
ila a statement establishing the na- .
tionality of the crew. A similar con- I
cession was made to the crew of the J
Nero.
Edwards saw several American pris- j
oners who were better fed than the ]
Spaniards or the Filipino soldier. ;
Moreover, they -were not compelled to j
work as the Spanish prisoners are.
A force of native police has begun to ,
patrol the city of Manila, co-operating!
vith the provost guard, whose lack at *
knowledge of the language and the re
sorts of native criminals had given an .
opportunity for burglary, an industry j
which has been flourishing of late. The
new force includes many members of j
the old force and some insurgents who |
had grown tircJ of fighting. It has al- j
ready done much good work in running j
down native criminals.
The American secret service recently ;
found a Filipino spy in Calamba. He j
is supposed to have been the man who \
stole four guns belonging to the Wash- j
ington regiment. He offered desperate ;
resistance to the soldier who was sent j
to capture him and tried to run away :
with two revolver shots in his head. ;
Finally he was brought down by a rifle j
bullet in the hip. He died after jump
ing from the stretcher and trying to j
run.
General Bates, it is expected, will es
tablish posts at Zamboaga and in the
islands of Tamtani. Jolo and Bongao.
Late tliis afternoon the Kansas regi
ment embarked on big barges in the j
river and was towed to the United ;
States transport Tartar, the regimental |
flag flying and the men cheering and
singing. The Tartar sailed for home j
this evening. _
ONLY TWO REGIMENTS
OF VOLUNTEERS REMAIN
lowans and Tennesseeans Soon to
Start Homeward From the
Philippines.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— The War
I>-r^!"tnient to-day received two ais
;m Manila. The first read:
MANILA. Sept B.— Adjutant General,
Washing-ton, D. C: Railway
in four days. ; r.orth
• ! on place this morninjr with sh:ap
which failpd to expl< : asual
ties. i 1 Wash!
. on transports; two battalions
InfanTry will relieve Tei
- at Hollo a. Latter, with
lowas, only remaining volunteer regi-
Hai! coon. OTIS.
At the War Department it i? said
that with the leaving of the Term
and lowa regiments all the volunteers
will have lefr tho Philippines: also all
the men of the regular army discharged
under general order No. 4<\ Th>
ond dispatch was a,s follows:
MANILA, Sept. 3.— Adjutar.r General,
Washington: Graves of deceased members
'.th Pennsylvania decorated on Sep
tember 1 with fitting ceremonies, con-
Hnctpd by ChaDlain Pierce. Chaplain
SAN QUENTIN CONVICTS GIVE
THE KNEIPP CURE A TRIAL
♦ : . ■: +
2- PAN QUENTIN PRISON, Sept.3.— When Father Knelpp and his disciples inaugurated the practice of walk- °
o in* around barefooted in the dewy grass and claimed that it was a panacea for numerous diseases it is unlikely Q
♦■ that any of them dreamed an exploitation of their theory would ever cause the Warden of the penitentiary at +
° San Quentin to lie awake o 1 nights of nervous exhaustion. However, such is the case, and after a fruitless en- O
o deavor to convince two' demented convicts that a prison cell is not the proper place for a Kneipplst to make £
♦ merry Warden Aguirre has been forced to cut the Gordian knot by sending his two fractious charges to the + ;
° Mendocino Asylum for the Insane. ® !
"*" Among the prisoner! Incarcerated In a row of cells known as "Crank Alley." a place where the criminally In- £ •
2. ««ne nre keot segregated from the major body of the inmates, were P. Quijado and John Shaver. Both men. +
n in thJr ne naee of the guards, were slightly troubled with "wheels," but had never been intractable until a o I
♦■ ihort time ago when Shaver managed in some way to get hold of a copy of The Call of October 23, 1898. which ♦
o remained a Sunday supplement story on the Kneippists taking a dew walk in Golden Gate Park. Shaver became O
> a convert and soon made an apostle out of Quijado. The men talked about the Kneipp theory until with their +
0 diseased brains it became a mania, and then came the trouble. , v v *.•*,«, i v °
aise«iseu s ihe guards discovered that both prisoners were in the habit of rising at an early hour and -♦■
° wfllltine around in their cells in their bare feet. They had previously managed to find a little grass in the prl- O
*♦" scmrard and this was scattered on the floor of their cells and sprinkled with water. The actions of the men £
5 excited [nothing but laughter until they improved on Father Kneipp theory and concluded to get the full ben- V
t Pfltnf the wet grass by disrobing and rolling around their cells. Fearing that severe colds, .if nothing worse, 5
Z mieht result Warden Agulrre tried to induce the men to cease the practice. All persuasion failed and a few +
o days ago it was found necessary to send them to Ukiah. closely guarded by Horace Janes and James Begley. o i
The San Francisco Call.
■ i. a persona! friend of Colonel
Hawking delivered ar. address. OTIS.
OTIS HAS NOT BEEN
ACCUSED OF PERJURY
Frank P. Blair Says the Judges of
Carter Simply Exceeded
Their Province.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3.— The Chronicle to
morrow will say: Publication of the pro
ceedings of the Cap tali Oberlln M. Carter
court martial, whose verdict is In the
hands of President McKlnley for approval
or rejection, has been the cause for a
number of sensational statements during
the pnst week, the wildest of which Is
that of Frank P. Blair, counsel for Cap
ain Carter, has charged General Elwell
5. Otis, now commanding the army in the
Philippines, with perjury and subordina
tion of perjury. In connection with the
statement. Mr. Blair has been quoted as
?mphas!zing the accusations.
"I have made no such charges against
General Otis," said Mr. Blair last night.
"A reading of the affidavit does not. by
;he farthest stretch of Imagination, sup
port such a statement as has appeared
is coming from me. The affidavit was
iled as an essential part of the demand
'or a setting aside of the verdict and sim
ply states that one night at the Desoto
Motel, Savannah, Ga., during the sitting
if the court martial, I overheard Judge
Advocate Colonel Thomas Barr read some
locun to General Otis and Colonel
jillesnie of the court martial, and con
.lude by saying he would read it to coun
sel, and General Otis remarked 'that will
,C good.' The affidavit was a proof that
he two members of the court martial had
'xceeded their province in discussing the
•ase with the prosecuting attorney. In
my legal proceeding such an act is suffl
:ient to throw out the verdict of a jury.
tnd the court martial is only a jury.
"I believe Captain Carter is the victim
if a conspiracy to degrade him. It Is an
American parallel to the Dreyfus i case.
["he same general features are in both
•ast-s. The accusers and prosecutors of
'arter are of the general staff of the
irmy, as are those of Dreyfus. Jealousy
md a deliberate attempt to carry out the
.vishes of superiors, to pander to political
nfluence. has actuated the majority of
he men on the Carter court martial. Se
cret conferences, such as that set out in
■ny affidavit, were the illegal methods to
: ecure conviction of Captain Carter."
Mr. Blair intimates that Carter was
singled out as a victim of the wrath of
the men who have been promoting the
Nicaragua Canal scheme.
"Carter was named a member of vie
•anal commission to Investigate the exact
conditions of the scheme," added Mr.
Blair. "He was selected because of his
<nown engineering ability. At the Army
and Navy Club at Washington, he said
-i* proposed to get at the bottom of the
scheme and show it up. He was then sent
to England as military attache of the
\merican Embassy. On his return he was
placed under arrest charged with de
frauding the Government."
MORGAN CITY AGROUND.
Troop-Laden Transport Beached to
Prevent Her binding
WASHINGTON", Sept. 3.— The quar
termaster general of the army to-day
received the following dispatch from
Nagasaki, Japan, dated yesterday,
stating that one of the Government
transports had goie aground:
"Morgan City (transport) struck,
made water, was beached eastern en
trance northern channel inland sea; all
safe Damage unknown; particulars
later."
The Morgan City sailed from San
Francisco on August 10 with 675 re
cruits and "casuals" aboard.
MISS LINSCOTT LEADS.
Polls a Big Vote for the Carnival
Queen Contest.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept.* 3. Tables have
turned In the voting for queen of the
carnival since the last report. Miss Anna
Linscott chances fro.m third to first p. ace.
Her sup Dorters have been working hard
and she has pained 526 votes, now leading
with 701 votes to her credit. Miss May
Baldwin follows with 409 votes. Miss Kose
Pfitzer I*7. Mrs. J. R. Williamson 94. Miss
Daisy Longley -■.
Horses Burned to Death.
PENI'LKT«>N. Or., Sept. 3.— At 4
o'clock this morning a fire occurred In a
ham on W. P. Temple's farm, ten miles
north of this placp. Eighteen horses,
forty tons of hay. several wagons, a quan
tity of grain and thirty-four sets of har
ness were burned. Thf loss aggregated
tQW. S>-v p ral farm hands hareiy escaped
alivp. There was no insurance.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1899.
PANIC SEIZES UPON THE
JOHANNESBURG POPULACE
Business Is Paralyzed and There Is a
Rush to Get Out of the
Country.
TRANSVAAL BOERS AT RIFLE PRACTICE. |
JOHANNESBURG, Sept. 3.— The condition of the republic mind here is decidedly panicky. To-day detectives
searched the Simmer Jack mine for arms, but found none.
LONDON. Sept. 4.— The Cape Town correspondent of the Daily Mail says: "The Transvaal authorities
are forwarding' huge quantities of Mauser ammunition from Pretoria to Bloemfontein. On Friday 1,500,000
rounds arrived at the Orange Free State capital."
The Johannesburg correspondent of the Daily Mail, who paints a gloomy and pitiable picture of the condition
of things there, says: "It is almost a case of absolute exodus and panic. Business is paralyzed, the prices
of foodstuffs are rapidly rising, half the houses are empty and the others are tenanted by people who do not pay rent.
the landlords being glad enough, to have them as occupants in order to insure some sort of protection to the prop
erty.
"The tension has reached the snapping point. Bankruptcy and starvation are staring people in the face. An
other fortnight of suspense will result in a complete commercial collapse. The banks are thronged with people anx
ious to withdraw their gold and the railways are besieged by 'hose who wish to get away.
"Rumor fixes the number of warrants issued at 147. including the representatives of all the London daily pa
pers. Mr. Moneypenny. editor of the Star, it is reported, has evaded the detectives sent to arrest him and has
succeeded in crossing the border.
"It is believed that the mediation of Mr. Fischer, the representative of the Orange Free State, has failed."
All the special dispatches to the London morning papers from South Africa indicate that the correspondents
have got the impression that the reply erf the Transvaal Gov .*-r snt to Mr; Chamberlain's latest note will be an
Impe.rtiner.t rejection of trie suggested conference at Cape T v . ; I«v>.hv. ».« V-nrithdraiv 'the five-year franchise
offer. The correspondent of the Times at Newcastle. Natal, confirms the belief of its Johannesburg correspond
ent, Mr. Moneypenny, that aggressive action is imminent.
The Morning Post publishes the fallowing dispatch from its special correspondent now In Newcastle, Natal:
"I left Johannesburg on ascertaining that it was the intention of the government to arrest everyone who had taken
a leading part in advocating the claims of the Outlanders. There were a hundred warrants out. It was an excit
ing Journey. Boer policemen twice boarded the train. At every station I saw trucks loaded with commissariat
stores and ammunition ready to start. The Boers declare their intention to rush to the Natal border. The chief of
ficials at Pretoria considerwarunavoidable and have prepared to strike before the British are ready."*
The correspondent of the Daily Telegraph at Pietermaritzburg, capital of Natal, says: "Things have reached
such a pass that war is considered unavoidable and the impression is that the crash will come within a few days."
FIENDISH ACT
OF A KESWICK
MAN'S ENEMY
Attempt of an Assassin to Blow
Up J. H. Plumbs Wife and
Children With Giant
Powder.
SpeciaJ Dispatch to Th»» CalL
KESWICK, Pept. 3.— The family of
J. H. Plumb, living on Market street,
was terribly frightened at 1 o'clock
this morning by an explosion of giant
powder underneath the house.
The charge was too light to do much
damage to the premises or injure the
[pants, but it knocked kettles and
pans around and tumbled pictures from
the wall. lik<> a heavy earthquake.
J. H. Plumb. "Ie head of the family,
is absent in Pan Francisco, where he is
in business. No one can account for
the attempt to harm the wife and two
children left alone. There is no clew
as to who did it.
THREATENED BY FIRE.
Flames Raging in the Timber and a
Town Endangered.
DEADWOOD. S. D., Sept. 3.— A fierce
the Lewis • River. A large number of
of this place and threatening a wide ex
tent of country. It broke out some time
■a«t night, and as everything is as dry as
•lnder and a gale is blowing from the
south, the situation is very serious
PeoDle have turned out from the imme
diate vie tnity to fight the fire, but thus
far their efforts have met with little suc
cess Englewocd. on the Burlington rail
road is to-night threatened with destruc
tion and the inhabitants are trying to get
\heir belongings to places of safety.
- 'T*"— ."* i» a r\ -a. o .▲. n -^<-i-*-r>-±-n-±-n _
PERISHES IN
AN ATTEMPT TO
SAVE A BABE
Sanoer Woman Sacrifices Her
Life While Striving to Res
cue Her Child From a
Burning Dwelling.
Fl>eclaJ Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. Sept. 3.— Mrs. Anna Wills
and her infant son Alex Ic-st their lives
in a fire which occurred at Sanger, In
this county, last night. The mother
was seriously injured while trying to
rescue her child and died shortly after
th* flre. The infant was burned to a
crisp and the charred body was not
found until 10 o'clock this morning.
Mrs. Wills was at home alone with
her child last evening. She went out
side for a few minutes, leaving the in
\ fant sleeping in its cradle and a coal
j oil lamp burning in the front room. She j
had not been outside very long when
her attention was attracted by a loud
report and looking around saw her
house in flames. The lamp which had
been left burning in the front room had
exploded, scattering blazing oil in all
directions.
The mother's first thought was to
rescue her child. She rushed back into ]
! the burning building and through the ]
flames toward the room where she had ,
i left the infant sleeping. One step j
through the fire, however, and her
: senses forsook her. She reeled, stag
gered and fell backward through the j
door she had just entered. Her cloth
ing was on flre and her face and hands
were already badly burned. Neighbors
■who had been attracted by the flre
I came to her assistance and rescued her,
I but not until the clothing had been
j burned from her body. She was un
conscious, but revived long enough to
tell the story of the disaster and then
! expired lamenting the fate of her child.
As soon as the building had been re
| duced to ashes a search was begun for
j the remains of the infant. So com
pletely had the child been burned, how
ever, that no trace of the body was dis
covered for nearly twelve hours.
As soon after the catastrophe as pos
', sible an effort was made to communi
j cate the facts to Coroner Long in this i
! city, but the telephone lines were down
and the news of the accident did not
reach Fresno until 5 o'clock this morn-
I ing. Coroner Long then went to
Sanger to hold the inquest over the re
mains of mother and child.
The dead woman was one of the
best-known residents of Sanger and ■
had a wide circle of friends. As nearly
as could be learned the explosion waa
caused by a gust of wind entering ;
through the front door. When Mrs. \
Wills went out she closed the door, but j
i It is thought the latch did not work I
' and that the wind blew It open.
5 TEARS FOR THE DEAD OF THE CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS. >|
David Smith Dead.
MARYSVILLE. Sept. 3.— David Smith,
who it is said was a nephew of Senator
Morrill of Vermont, died here to-day of
pneumonia. He was engaged In the sa
loon business here seven years ago. A
widow and other relatives residing in Sac
ramento survive him.
Attorney Kennedy Dead.
LINCOLN, Sept. 3.— Charles Kennedy,
City Attorney and member of the Board
of Equalization, died last night after a
few days' illness. Deceased was well
known as an attorney throughout Placer
County. He was instrumental in incor
porating: the town of Lincoln and building
a water system. He was a native of
Pennsylvania and 49 years of age.
SERVICES IN MEMORY
OF CALIFORNIA'S DEAD
IN THE PHILIPPINES
Baautiful Tributes of Song and Speech for
the Fallen Heroes,
Heavily Veiled Figures Dotted the Audience at
the Alhambra Gathered to Pay the Last
Mark of a State's Sorrow.
•- •- •-•-•-• -♦-•- •-• -• -♦- •-•- •-•- #-• -• • • •
0 R'heinhofd Richt«r Joseph B. Morse £
George W. Agnew William I-. Ferguson William Marske
A Charles A. Armstrong Harry P. Flint Anton B. Nelson ft
W Abneppam Gail G. Ferguson Daniel J. Nichols w
Thomas T. Bryan Dee Ford Constantine L. North
• Edward Braham John F. Gibbon Edward A. O'NeO £
Stephen Burr Paul J. Gompertz Guy W. Packer
A William A. Bansky Robert S. Garrc-tt Bruno 1.. Putsker «
• John J. Bowman Harry E. Goodrich Anthony N. Packard W
I. vis W. Baker J"hn H. Harris Horace M. P.wers
• Walter S. Bell rt A. H-.pkins -cc H. Perkins %
I W S Bouskey Guy W. Halladav Curtlß S. Rollins
Charles Card In ell Herman W. Hils Frank H. Rodibaugh L
• James P. CassSdy Henry F. Judson George Ruiz •
Jam?? C. Mc'arthv Maurice Justh Charles Stultz
• William Cook Alfred Jobling Thomas F. Sareent 0
I Kaiph C. Cpatea (missir.gi W. Johnson J. J. Shea
Charles Cornell -Guy Jones Walter T. Sweenie
• James J. Dewar James Harvey Knight Willis H. Smith •
man Ernest Koenigr Henry A. Stube
• X\ hn V. Dur.- ge Krause Albert Stowell 0
I 1 uther H. Dinsm^re Fred I.undin W. W. Smith
A .! mes M. Dabnt-y John H. Lippman Joseph 1. Torr.ei
• Harry Duhb« Charles B. Lemon Frank Temple •
Prank \ Doty Frank J. Murray Frank W. Tucker
• William H. Edwards Joseph T. M.idden Louis E. Westphal rt
■yard D EHake J. W. Maher Jr. Jopiah C. Wheeler w
A Peter H. S. Fisher James T. McCarthy Wallace
• Tage F. Freestrom Eugene Merwin ©
SERVICES in memory of California's ;
soldier dead in the Philippines were
held yesterday afternoon at the Al- !
hambra Theater. Solemn requiems ,
were chanted, panegyrics were pro- ,
nounced on the fallen heroes, tears !
dimmed many eyes and sobs trembled on |
many lips. The audience was a large one. I
and the presence of many dark-robed and
black-veiled figures was eloquent of heart
wounds too recent to have closed under j
the gentle pressure of the hand of time.
The services were simple and solemn, ;
as became the sorrowing of a patriotic
community for its heroic dead. No attempt
had been made at elaborate funeral deco
ration. Here and there a flag draped from
the galleries to recall the soldier; ever ;
and anon a ribbon of crepe fluttered in
sign of his death. A red cross of gera
niums on the stage was emblematic of
the force that had unsuccessfully inter
vened between the stricken heroes and :
their fate, saving some, but not all. For
those fallen It flamed as a signal in that !
sky beyond which they have passed. |
j Eighty-five of them have gone before, j
May they rest In peace.
On the large stage. of th» theater peats
had been provided for the band of . the j
First* CaiJiornia' Regiment..-. , In front ■of
-.her; v.cv the .'colors, f*rar*-d, of that rep
inunt ana the Heavy Artillery. Ranged |
; alongside '-were chair? for the members ;
of the I/oring Club an the speakers. In |
the main portion of the. house uniformed j
men from the First Regiment acted as
i ushers. Uniforms of army and navy men i
-, were seen in the boxes. Mrs.- A. S. Town- :
send, who has taken such a loving interest
in the soldiers, was presnt, as was Mayor
Phelan. Mrs. W. B. Harrington. Mrs. John ;
F. Merrill and other ladies of the Red
Cross.
The services opened with Chopin's "Mil- ■
itary Funeral March," by the First Cali
fornia regimental band, and as the sweet '
but mournful music died away Rev.
George C. Adams of the First Congrega
tional Church advanced to the front of !
the stage and in words of simple elo- i
quence asked the blessings of the Al
mighty on the brave soldiers, living and
dead, who had fought so nobly to main
tain the principles of liberty and freedom '
while serving under their country's flag
In a foreign clime.
"Lead, Kindly Light," beautifully ren- :
dered by the Loring Club, followed, and i
then Rev. Dr. Mackenzie delivered a '
touching address, in which, among other !
things, he said:
We are gathered in memory of our
■oldler dead. What that death mear.t
to them as Individual* has already been
considered between them and their brare
and kind-hearted chaplain. Father McKln
non, Wtat that death meant to the faml-
PBICE FI\ r E CENTS.
lies immediately bereaved is to be consider
between them and their pastors. It is for
us In this hour and place to think together
over what their death means to us as a
community, as a country, and. in a meas
ure, as a world.
Now, the story of man from the beginning
is a march— progress. Progress does not
came without its cost. Every step upward
and onward costs life, and when a regiment
of volunteer soldiers goes forth to war they
voluntarily forfeit their lives. All that
comes back is clear pain. This is the in
stinct of r»joincing that has voiced itself
along our streets these past days. We re
ceived them as if from the dead. Mothers
laughed through tears with a joy long re
pressed lest It should not come true.
But the price has been paid. Not all have
come back: not all mothers have laughed.
The colonel bring 3 back the living and re
stores them to our homes and industries:
the chaplain brings back the memory of the
dead and commits it to the honor of this
city and of this country-
And we are asked to-day to look upon
the price that we have paid— costliest
coin of earth; the life blood, not of merce
naries, nor yet of soldiers tru«> nor yet of
citizens only, but th» young-, eager, patri
otic missionary blood of our rls.ng genera
tion.
Is it worth the price? Whether it be or
not— that for which this price has been
paid— ha? surely been paid, and Is ours;
nor fear, nor selfishness, nor diplomacy, nor
(told, nor argument can induce this great
i -people to «ell or to forsake the soil made
bread by this "blood, and njade American by .
these graves. But what a price! -
The legend '<= that no Holland dyke has
succeeded in keeping back the sea unless It
w:s ->unl«'-1 on the sacriuc* of some young
life. History also hoHs it true that pro
gressive step has Leen made which was net
based on some sacrifice of life. The pur
blind Omar has said:
"That never blew so red a rose
As where some buried Caesar bled."
And to-day we s-e gathered nere to think
of these, once living, reposing now In the
dust — to mark the graves of our burled
Caesars.
While the audience was yet absorbed in
the reflections induced by the closing
words of the speaker the sound of music
again floated out from the stage, and the
melodious "Lost Chord," sang by Putnam
GrbnroM, awoke the silent spectators
from their reverie and held them en
tranced until the last notes died away.
"Heroic Homes— Heroic Armies" was tha
subject of the address delivered by Rev
Dr. F. B. Cherington of Plymouth Church.
He sad in part:
Bet ire a nation can marshal heroic
armies In the field God must marshal heroic
homes within that nation's bou..-arjes.
We are all hoping and praying that the
time of universal peace may soon come,
but It fcas not yet arrived though we
think Its dawn Is flushing the eastern sky.
Meanwhile It Is America's strength and
glory that her homes produce men who
stand four-square to all the winds that
blow. They are ready and able to respond
with fully equipped manhood to any call
of duty, come from what quarter It may.2
POISONING MYSTERY AT
MILL VALLEY DEEPENS
Ebenezer Wormouth, the Alleged Victim, Seek
ing to Shield Those Upon Whom
Suspicion Is Cast.
MILL VALLEY, Sept. The mys
tery of the Wormouth poisoning
case grows deeper as the days
pass and forms almost the sole
community topic of conversation.
"Old Ned" himself veered around to-day,
and to a number of visitors not only de
nied that he had ever been in danger
from an Injudicious administering of
morphine, but bitterly assailed his best
friends— the very men who spared neither
time, nor trouble to succor him in the
hour of his distress, and whose action
has made It a dangerous business to drug
him In the future, provided that the al
legations made in such connection are
founded on fact.
Mrs. Levison, the nurse, hart a change
of heart to-day and denied nobody en
trance to the Wormouth house. J. K.
Bnnestell, the San Francisco paper
dealer, to whom Wormouth's property
was consigned a few days prior to the
poisoning, regards himself as the victim
of Innuendo. He stated that his reputa
tion was a sufficient answer to any ques
tions asked regarding his connection with
the apod capitalist nd his affairs.
It is also alleged that all the persons
suffering from Innuendo are the victims
of spite work. Dr. J. J. Spot tiß wood, A.
H. Mclnnes, E. Bteele and Thomas Fot
trell being the persons charged with in
stigating the trouble. These men are
prominent citizens whose reputations for
honesty and integrity are unquestioned.
Hamilton Wormouth of Stockton, a
brother of "Old Ned," will be here to
morrow, having sent word to that effect
in answer to the letter of Mr. Steele, in
which he was Informed that his invalid
brother was being drugged and that his
presence here was a necessity.
"Old Ned" is a famous character and
first came Into prominence by his legal
battle with the Gardners. The case now
rests in the United States Supreme Court,
and such is the pertinacity of the aged
capitalist that he has set apart $5000 in
his will to be used in carrying on the
legal war after his death. Two years
ago he was sandbagged and robbed near
his residence, and last summer his house
was tooted of valuables and a consider
able sum of money.
The world Is astounded and perplexed by
cur versatility in turning, without hesita
tion as a people, from the habits and en
terprises of peace to the duties and exi
gencies of war.
The Spanish General Pando reported to
his Government, Just previous t.i the late
conflict, that the United States was
wholly unprepared for war; that the
young men of America were, as
a rule, living in too much com
fort to readily take up the hardships of
camp life, and were too independent in
thought, feeling and habit of life to vol
untarily surrender personal liberty to the
degree necessary for efficient military ser
vice, but when the call to arms was
sounded 265,000 of our young men sprang
to arms with an enthusiasm that aim
the world. He had overlooked the tact that
American home-life so Inculcates civic vir
tues in the germ in the childhood of the
nation that, when the threshold of man
hood is reached, the pulses have acquired
the habit of leaping with high sentiments
and the whole being has become familiar
with the call of duty and all the powers
have been trained to respond with alacrity
to every worthy appeal.
Out from such homes went the young
manhood that constituted our armies; such
homes welcome back the returning ones;
and in such homes that mourn the loss of
sons who came not back, there is sorrow
deep and poignant; yet in it all a profound
sense that the country has its right to the
loyal service of its sons even unto death.
There is heroism in the silent bearing
of this sorrow scarcely less than that dis
played on the battlefield. The heroism of
the battlefield was possible because the
heroism of the home had been first In
stilled into the brave hearts that went forth
to buffer and die. You who were comrades
of the fallen ones saw the pure sold of
their characters revealed by the fiery tests
of experience in camp, on the march, on
the firing line and in the hospitals. You
and these families are knit together In a
common bond of sorrow that is almost
sacred.
Mascagni's "Aye • Maria," exquisitely
rendered by Mrs. Eva T< nney, with a vio
lin obligate by Pietro Marino, followed;
and then Rev. Dr. Voorsanger spoke on
"What the Dead Have to Say to the Liv
ing." He said in part.:
Any one who pays a visit to the battlefield
of Konigsmark. or Sedan, of Gettysburg or
the Plains of Abraham, or any other of the
places where man contended with men, will
pee there -very few evidences ' of the past
strife. Time is a great healer and a great
compensator, and in the neighborhood of
Waterloo, as well as in the other places
mentioned you will find that the energy of
man has repaired the breaches and that
upon the Del : Itself the grass is as green as
before; and while here and there' you may
see mounds that tell of bones resting th«re
you will receive the impression that time,
with its compensating Influence, heals many
wounds, repairs many breaches, dries many
tears — fact, one of the main sources of
human comfort is the divine law of com
pensation that in time reconciles us with a
great deal that seems to be inexplicable
to us.
I dare say that that will be tbe story of;
the Spanish-American war ten years from
now-. We will talk of these dead with some
degree of complacency and with some degree
Of pity, but time Will have healed many
wounds, and in the fields where these men
. suffered there will be witnessed the industry
of man and his capacity to repair the dam
age of a decade ago. There is not much of
a war seen ten years after a battle. It Is
for that reason, fellow citizens, that to-day
. you should inquire somewhat more closely
into the reasons why these men died— not so
much from a national standpoint, not bo
. much from a philosophical standpoint, nor
• from the standpoint of the widow who lost
a husband, nor of a mother who lost a son.
These men who died died for something.
They died for a principle.
C, W. Chadwick's "Allah," rendered by
Mr. Grlswold, which came next, was fol
lowed by an address by Professor Thomas
R. Bacon, who spoke of "The Soldier's
Legacy." Briefly, he said,:
In memory of the dead we meet hero
on this day of rest to pay a last tribute
. In" honor of those who went and returned
■ not, and it Is fitting that we should at this
time remember why they went and wßat
they have done; whether the world is
richer or poorer because of the sacrifice
which they made We look back across
those months since they sprang to the call
to arms with emotion, to see what sent
them forth to lay down their .yes. we
tee the youth of the land full of splendid
promise.. In the Bower "l their young man
hi*)*., go forth to lay down their lives for
the benefit of mankind. No national emo
tion ever stirred mankind as that which
stirred us on to an unaccustomed career
of war. When all allowance is made for
the views of the demagogues and the poli
ticians and their blunders, we must*, still
remember that what moved the nation
und what stirred these young men to such
heroic self-sacrifice was to rescue a miser
able people from the oppression and slav
ery to which they were being subjected.
It wnK for that that these bravo youths
went to the front.
And what did they do? All were ready
to -lay down, their lives, and to some was
that privilege given. A groat price was
paid— paid out In the lives of our young
eFt and our best. We know they accom
pushed that for which they were sent and
brought to us the doubtful blessing of ex
tensive possessions beyond the seas. But
that is not all. Something more was ac
complished by this sacrifice, something In
spiring to all the people, and we are not
profiting as we should by that sacrifice If
we are not the better therefor. They went
forth to battle for an idea, and they have
left to us an Inheritance in their example
and their spirit which shall be. to us in
coming years something new In our national
life which shall be an added stimulus to
the nation's progress.
The Loring Club then sang "Softly Now
the Light of Day." by Chudwiek.
President David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford spoke of the student soldier. He
spoke of the awakening of the marital
spirit in the universities In '61 and marked
its growth in the Spanish-American war,
when eighty-five men threw aside their
gowns and donned the soldier's uniform.
Forty-two of them were Stanford and one
fell a victim to the war.
The closing address was made by Rev.
Father William D. McKinnon, chaplain
of the First California* Volunteers, who
(poke of "Life and Death in tl\o Philip
pines." He said:
More than sixteen months ago when the
call came for volunteers. it was the Rood
fortune of the First Regiment of California
to be. the first accepted. It was. my good
fortune to be accepted as their chaplain,
and when I received that commission I felt
tt*yf it was the proudest moment of my i
EBENEZER WORMOUTH OF MILL VALLEY.
life. Knowing as I did the colonel, the
officers and many of the men composing
that repiment. I felt sure that down in
the southern seas they Would give an ac
count of themselves which would add new
glory and new luster to "iir Golden State
and add much to the prestige of that flag,
that country we lo\erl so well.
I see by the trogramme that I am sup
posed I" speak Of "Life and Death in the
Philippines." Now. my friends, you all
kti"v. what the life in the Philippines is.
Your *ons have written to yon Riving you
plowing descriptions, or sad, as the case
may be. of what their lives were. The
First California Regiment, like all the
i.ther volunteer regiments, went into this
war expecting hardships, expecting diffi
culties and many of them expecting death;
and when these difficulties, these hardships
came not n man was known to flinch, and
you have nc idea ol what those hardships
were at times. I have seen them (lay after
day, night after nieht. in water waist deep
guarding the American lines; I have seen
them night after night sleeping on the
damp cold ground, and not a moment of
that time but bullets were whistllnj around
them. I have seen them lying sick unto
death In our fever hospitals; and in every
trial and hardship they displayed the true
American spirit.
And the hardships we had to encounter
there were much lighter than they would
have been were it not for the kindness with
which *hese good ladies of the Red Cross
assisted and labored to gather funds to
send us comforts and little luxuries for
their boys far. far away. And I cannot
let this ocor 1 ion pass without raising my
voice to thank the good people of my
native State ano the ladies of the Red
Cross that ha\e done so well for these ■
sent to fight in thise distant lauds.
Father MeKinn.n spoke of the henefit
that was to be given during the evening
for John W. Slade and called upon his
hearer? to help that sorely wounded mem
her of the regiment, whom he character
ized as one of the most heroic spirits of
tine war. He concluded, dwelling on the
faith that those who died in battle were
in heaven, saying:
Fate and eternity are brought more close
ly around us because our loved ones are
there to pray for us and plead for us; there
to welcome us at no distant day when we
shall grasp their hands in the unbroken
friendship of eternity. Ah, yes, but a
short time ago their large and sympathetic
hearts ceased to heat; their souls fled their
earthly habitations. Beneath the sod under
the southern sky though their bodies rest,
their souls, we trust, are with God.
As the Chaplain took his seat on the
stage the bugle pounded "Taps," and then
til.- band played "The Star-Spangled Ban
ner," the audience rising. The services
closed with a benediction by Rev. Dr.
Adams.
SLADE'S BENEFIT NETS
A THOUSAND DOLLARS
The grand testimonial benefit to Private
John W. Slade of the First California
Volunteers,, which, took place in the Al
hambra Theater last night, was an un
qualified success, financially . and artisti
cally. The receipts of the box office footed
up 31151, including $150 paid by Mrs. A. S.
Townsend during the afternoon for one
whole section," which she desired for h£r
soldier guests. In addition to this amount
a considerable sum is expected to be re
alized from the sale of tickets placed with
parties on the outside, tthe returns from
which have not been received. The entire
expenses amounted to considerably less
than $300, and it is expected that the net.
receipts will reach or exceed $1000.
The theater was packed to the doors
the First California Regiment being well
represented, both by officers and privates.
Mrs. Townsend and Miss Rattigan occu
pied a box with Private Siade, the bene
ficiary, and when Father McKinnon, chap
lain of the regiment, who made the pre
sentation address, referred in glowing
words of praise to Mrs. Townsend's grand
and generous treatment of the soldier
boys who claim California for their home,
the entire house arose in . one tre
mendous outburst of applause, greater
even than that which greeted the mention
of the name of the crippled hero for whose
benefit the entertainment was being given.
The programme began promptly at 8
o'clock with a short address by E. R.
Moss of the Pacific Coast Waiters' Union,
under whose auspices - -ie entertainment
was arranged, and from that time until
midnight the actors and actresses who
had generously volunteered their services
for the occasion, followed one another on
the stage in rapid succession. ■ Most of the
talent was professional, but not all by any
means. Little Rosie Bennett made the hit
of the evening with her tough song, while
Master. Melville Coakley, Baby Devlne,
Blanche Trelease and Gladys Montague
won rounds of applause and flowers ga
lore by their clever acting and singing.
Professor Topping, the hypnotist, the
Leons in their flying trapeze act and a
dozen others contributed to the evening's
entertainment, which closed with a real
istic tableau by the California volunteers,
representing camp life in the Philippines.
During the evening Father McKinnon an
nounced that he had been requested to
hand Mr. Slade an envelope, which, he
said, contained a notification to the
maimed soldier that the Supervisors had
a position open for him' as soon as his
wounds would permit of its acceptance.
New Play Produced.
CHICAGO. Sept. X— Edwin Ard^n's
new romantic play, "Zorah,'" was given
its first presentation at McVJckur's
Theatre to-night under the direction of
Jacob L.IU. The strong situations and
epigrammatic dialogue of the pJay scored
fin immediate success with an audience
which packed the theater. "Zorah"' de
tails a story of love and intrigue in Rus
sia, tho scenes being laid in the Jewish
quarter of Moscow. The plot turns upon
the oppression of a young Jewish rabbi
by the Russian governor of Moscow. The
principal role was played by the author,
Edwin Arden, who received a generous
amount of applause. Edith Wright and
Max Flgman among the others were par
ticularly well received. The staging and
costuming were excellent
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 4. 1899.
STRONG ARGUMENT
FOR SUBSIDY BILL
How Other Nations Aid
Shipping-.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.—
Commissioner of Navigation Chamberlain
finds in the mail subsidies granted to the j
steamship lines by the European coun
tries strong arguments in favor of like
liberal treatment for American shipping.
In a statement which he has prepared on
this subject he says:
The most important contracts at this time
are those of Great Britain, Germany, France,
Italy and Austria-Hungary for mail . serv
ice to the eastern coast of Asia,, China.
Japan, Cochin-China, etc. , Thepe five nations
spend annually $4,000,000 for their mail lines to
the east coast of Asia. Tl<e United States, it
may be added, for Its Asiatic malls in 1597 paid
$13,000 to American steamships and $14,000 to
foreign steamships. This sum of $4,500,000 is
not expended by thofse nations for the exclusive
purpose of sending mails from London, Berlin.
Paris, Marseilles, Vienna, Trieste and Brindisl
in the shortest possible time to Hongkong,
Shanghai, Kiaochau and Yokohama. The time
made by subsidized foreign steamships on this
route is not the shortest practicable by an aver
age of about five days.
The British Peninsular and Oriental line
agrees to carry the mall under its latest con
tract, from Brindlsi. Italy, to Shanghai In 725
hours. The Peninsular and Oriental Brlndlsi
express train, with its Channel connections,
takes the mail from Londan to Brindlsl in
forty-four hours, making the mail time from
London to Shanghai in 780 hours, or thirty-five
days. The best time the company does is lo
cover the distance In thirty-two or thirty-three
days, and its lines are faster than those of any
other on the route. Under its new contract the
North German Lloyd undertakes to carry mail 3
from Berlin to Shanghai In thirty-two days.
Mails are now brought across the Atlantic to
»w York in nine days from Berlin, and in
eight days from Paris. Seven days is not a
low limit at the present time for mall steam
ships from Liverpool to New York. Any letter
ought to reach San Francisco from Berlin or
Paris within thirteen and a half days, and let
ters doubtless do cover that distance in shorter
time. The distance from San Francisco to
Shanghai by way of Yokohama Is 570 a nautical
miles.
The establishment of a fortnightly American
service from San Francisco to Shanghai will
bring Berlin and Paris, not to mention British
ports, within twenty-eight or twenty-nine days
of Shanghai, and under favorable but not ex
traordinary conditions within twenty-seven
days, while the best British achievement and
best German promise by subsidized routes Is
now thirty-two days, and the average Is thirty
three or thirty-four.
If quick malls between capitals of Western
Europe and China and Japan were all that was
to be accomplished by the expenditure of
$4,500,000 annually on their steamship lines
time and money could be saved by the developl
ment of. the American route.
■ Whatever may have been the fact In the
recent past, there Is very little substance In
the notion that at present the lar^e subsi
dies to foreign lines to Asia are for the quick
. est transit of malls. There Is -not much more
In the claim that they are, not a necessary
political purpose.
In point of fact, the Peninsular and Oriental
North German Lloyd. Messagerles Maritime*'
Socleta Navigazione Italirtnn and Lloyd Aus
trlaco companies are now backed up liberally
by their respective governments as a means
of promoting trade, and especially export trade
In manufactured foods of Great Britain Ger
many, France, Italy and Austria-Hungary
with China and Japan. There is no effort at
concealing this fact in the reports of the com
-1 panics r,very year, and there Is nothing dis
creditable about It to conceal.
It will not be discreditable for the United
i States to adopt the same policy. Whether it
I will be profitable or not depends on the balance
of value to the country . of the trade to be
acquired and the Investment necessary to ob
tain It.
To the government which makes these for
eign contracts they mean the carriage of maiis
and Increase of national prestige: to the manu
facturers and labor of the country they mean
Increased opportunities for commerce; to ship
owners they are a comfortable addition to the
receipts and an opportunity for the employ
ment of capital, and to shipbuilders they af
ford a better chance to build shins. To the
i United States these foreign contracts must
I seem .a very sagacious means of obtaining na
tional wealth and influence, from which we
shut ourselves out.
ASIATIC CHOLERA
APPEARS IN INDIANA
LOT'TSVIIyI>E. Ky., Sept. 3.— Alarming
reports have been received here to the ef
fect that Asiatic cholera has appeared in
Knox and Ohio counties. Ind. It is said
there are several cases of the dread dis
ease at Rising Sun, a small town on the
Ohio River, and the authorities are sup
pressing: the news. The victims havo
every symptom of cholera and the physi
cians arc said to have pronounced the
cases to be that. It Is known here that
the attention of the Health Department
at Indianapolis has been called to the mat
ter and an investigation is being made
The Sta.te Board of Health has prevailed
upon the leading Indiana dailies not to
publish anything about the fact that
cholera is reported to prevail in this
county for the present at least. The
section thus affected, while bordering
upon the river, has no railroad communi
cation, and for this reason the informa
tion has been kept from the public. No
deaths have been reported, but there are
two or three serious cases and local
physicians are using every precaution to
prevent the spread of the dtsease. A
number of families have moved out of
Knox and Ohio counties on account of the
presence of what they believe to be
Asiatic cholera.
GATHERING OF
VETERANS AT
PHILADELPHIA
Thirty-Third Encampment
of the Grand Army Be
gins To-Day.
RANKS ARE THINNED
Remnant of the Northern Forces
Will Be Accorded an Enthu
siastic Welcome.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. B.— The thirty
third annual encampment of the Grand
Army of the Republic will begin to-mor
row. The vanguard of the veterans has
reached the city and found the people
with outstretched hands. Never again,
perh-ipp, will Philadelphia he the scene of
a national encampment of the Grand
Army. Of the valiant men who defended
the cause of the Union there remains but
a remnant, and with the depletion of the
ranks the welcome is more heartfelt and
enthusiastic.
Admiral Sampson with hie fleet of
fighting ships arrived here to-day and this
event marks the beginning of the week s
celebration. The city Is crowded with
strangers, while the incoming trains from
all sections are bringing thousands to
help swell the throng. The city has borne
its share of the work and the citizens of
Philadelphia by contributions of cash and
in welcoming banners have shown their
interest in the reunion.
The route of the veterans' parade,
which takes place on Tuesday, is one
solid blaze of color and light. Not a build
ing but has its front incased in the red,
white and blue. The Avenue of Fame,
which extends from Walnut to Cherry
street en Broad, a distance of five blocks,
with the City Hall as the center, is the
most magnificent piece of decoration ever
attempted in this city. There are two
classes of columns. The larger and more
ornate are about fifty feet in height and
ar« placed at the street corners. The
smaller columns, about twenty-five feet
high, stand on each Bide of Broad street,
between the larger columns. The corner
pillars are massive but graceful, and at
the l-i*'- of each are alternately in heroic
siz.- two soldiers and two sailors. Nu
merous circles of electric lights decorate
the piles fmm the base to the gilded
s at the top. The columns are con
ions "f bunting and laurel
and strings of incandescent lamps give
a brilliani eff< ct at night.
The north and smith fronts to the City
Hall will be Illuminated with massive
electric light pieces thirty feet in length
representing the G. a. R. badge.
Camp Sexton, near Bellmont. in Fair
mouth Park, contains 1600 tents. It is
Intended to accommodate those posts of
the Grand Army which prefer to camp
, Out rather than be quartered in halls, ar
! mories or private houses. The tents will
j shelter 10,000 veterans. The big parade
'• Tuesday will be in two divisions. Post No.
' 1 from' RoCkfort, 111., the oldest post in
• the Grand Army, will head the line. As
the vet< rans pass around the City Hall
they will be reviewed by President Mc-
Kinley, who is expected to arrive here
Monday night, accompanied by Secreta
ries Root and Gage and Postmaster Gen
eral Smith. There will be over 42,000 men
in li;.- .
.A feature oi Tuesday's events will be
tile chorus of 3000 school children, who
will occupy a portion of the grand stand
on the north side of the City Hall. As
the parade passes this point the children
will sing patriotic airs.
Of all the military organizations to at
'■ tend the encampment probably none will
! attract more attention than Boyd's girl
cadets of Topeka, Kan. These young la
dies are the daughters of veterans and are
commanded by H. N. Boyd. who was ser
gi ant of Company L, Seventh Illinois
Cavalry during the civil war.
A question of absorbln* interest to G. A.
' R. veterans which will be decided during
; the encampment is the election of a com
mander-in-chiei and other officers. Two
candidates prominent in the iield are Al
bert I>. Shaw of Joe Spratt Post. Water
town, N. V., and Judge Leo Rassiur of St.
Louis. Private James L. Dalsell of Com
pany H, One Hundred and Sixteenth Ohio,
is also a candidate.
The Naval Veterans will enjoy the dis
tinction of giving the lirst street parade
during the encampment. Theirs will take
place to-morrow afternoon, and will be a
unique feature of the demonstration. The
old volunteers who fought under Farragut
will tramp shoulder to shoulder with the
younger veterans of the Spanish-Ameri
can war.
Next Friday the naval parade will take
place. Admiral Sampson's fleet will be
anchored in the Delaware River opposite
the city, and a long line of vessels will
pass around the fighting ships. President.
McKinley and Cabinet officers will review
the warships from the revenue cutter
Gresham. Members of the commission of
the imperial Russian navy stationed here
superintending t he building of a battle
i ship and a cruiser, will participate in the
naval pageant.
Although this was Sunday the entire
day was given to sightseeing by the citi
| zens and visitors. There were three grout
ters of Interest to which people flocked
\ by ten's of thousands. The greatest crowd
was gathered along the Delaware River
front to watch the arrival of the warships.
The North Atlantic squadron, composed
of the flagship New York, cruiser Brook
i lyn, battleship.s Indiana, Massachusetts
and Texas, under command of Rear Ad
miral Sampson, arrived off the center of
the city at 1:30 this afternoon. The fleet,
which anchored at Bombay Hook, about
fifty-miles down the river, las; night.
weighed anchor at 7 o'clock this morning
and proceeded up the river. A reception
committee composed of Mayor Ashbndge,
the local G. A. R. committee and several
city officials, left the League island navy
yard at 9:80 on board the Government tug
Bamoset to meet the squadron. The ships
were off Chester, Pa., and the reception
committee boarded the flagship and for
mally welcomed the admiral to Philadel
! phia!
Neither Admiral Sampson nor any of
the officers of the fleet came ashore to
day. Most of them wil, however, land to
! morrow and take up quarters at the Hotel
! Walton which have been provided by the
reception committee. The admiral will
return Mayor Ashbridge's visit to-morrow
at 1 p. m.
The five big ships that arrfved to-day,
the New York. Brooklyn, Massachusetts.
Indiana and Texas, were built in this
city, and the people evinced the greatest
interest in them, it being their first ap
pearance in these waters since the close
of the war.
From Chester to this city, a distance of
seventeen miles, the fleet was tendered a
continuous ovation. Steam whistles of
factories, locomotives and river craft
made a great noise, to which was added
the cheers of the multitude along both
the Pennsylvania and New Jersey shores.
The squadron presented a magnificent ap
pearance as it steamed slowly up the
, rivtr. The New York led the way with
I the Brooklyn. Indiana. Massachusetts
! and Texas following in the order named.
The flagship dropped anchor off Market
i street and the other vessels swept graee
j fully by with their crews at attention.
They dropped anchor to the north of the
: flagship, forming a single column, and
I will remain in that position until they
sail away the latter part of the week.
The cruiser Detroit arrived several hours
later and anchored south of tho flagship.
j The gunboat Nashville Is expected to
join the squadron to-morrow or Tuesday.
Next in interest to the arrival of the
! fleet was the tented rity at Belmont. in
I Fairmount Park. There are over 1600
tents erected on the slope at that place
and will accommodate over 10.000 veter
ans. The enmp is conducted strictly ac
cording to military rules, reveille and
taps being sounded for the veterans just
as they were In the early sixties. A full
regiment of Sons of Veterans is con
stantly on duty. The camp is only par
tially filled up. but by to-morrow night
I there will be little if any room .eft. With
' the exception of the Centennial In 1876,
i which was held near the site of the camp,
j a larg' r crowd never visited that part of
the great pleasure grounds. From early
morning to late this evening crowds
j wended their way to the big camp.
RENDERED SPEECHLESS
BY EATING AN APPLE
Peculiar Affliction of a Young Girl Puzzles
the Medical Men of Massachusetts.
BOSTON S«pt. 3.-Marie Betancourt. a bright young girl of Taun
ton, accepted the gift of an aprle from an admiring young man with
whom she worked in a cotton mill. She ate it to the core, and enjoyed
the fruit. Within ten minutes she was deprived of the power of speech
and for three weeks, up to a day or two ago, her communication with
her friends and members of the family has been by the means which
are given those who are born dumb, by signs and writing.
The circumstances of the attack of the mysterious malady and of
her recovery from it are exceedingly strange and have attracted won
dering attention from the medical faculty in this part of the State.
Medical men say she has been a victim of the strange disease known
as aphasia which is very uncommon and is extremely rare in persons
of youthful age.
The remedies applied appeared to give no relief and the pain was
at all times very severe, particularly in the right temple. At times her
memory failed her. The physicians agree that the apple was not pois
oned.
Doctors who have looked into the case say the aphasia was the re
sult of the rupture of an artery of the brain.
This is looked upon as one of the most peculiar cases that has come
to the notice of the profession in this vicinity.
Aphasia does not always single out those who comb cotton in the
deafening uprr.-ar of a factory for its victims. The Czar of Russia and
General Butterfleld have recently been afflicted with the dreaded ail
ment.
SEEK VENGEANCE
ON AN ASSASSIN
Canziana's Countrymen
Roused to Action.
WILL EMPLOY A DETECTIVE
POSSIBILITY OF A FALL CAUS
ING DEATH DOUBTED.
Coroner Pierces Statement About the
Broken Neck and Dislocated
Shoulder Ridiculed by
Railway Officials.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 3.— The seeming
apathy manifested by the Sonoma County
authorities as regards any effort to dis
cover the identity of G. Canziant's mur
der* r has so aroused the dead man's
countrymen that they intend to take the
matter into their own hands and secure
the services of a detective agency, with
the object of bringing the assassin to jus
tice. F. Canzlani, brother of the deceased,
has enlisted the sympathy of the whole
Italian colony of Marln County and funds
will be subscribed to aid in the work of
detecting the assassin.
That Canziani was murdered there
seems litttle room for doubt. He was
found a mile south of Howards, lying face
downward across a rail fence, with his
neck brcken and his left shoulder dislo
cated. In the region of the neck and left
collar bone were numerous bruises, one
probably marking the spot where fell the
club or' other instrument thai broke the
man's neck.
The theory that Canziani might have
fallen from the railroad bridge is re
garded as entirely absurd by those fa
miliar with the facts. The body was
found thirty feet from the nearest point
where a man could have fallen, and. be
side, it would not have been in accord
with physical law for a heavy man to
have dropped 137V6 feet— such being the
height of the structure— without breaking
a fence rail or being bruised at the point
of contact with the fence. Canziani could
not have been struck by a train, for none
passed in either direction subsequently to
a time when he was seen at Howards.
Coroner Pierces statement that Can
ziani's neck was not broken nor the
shoulder dislocated when the inquest was
held at Occidental is scoffed at both by
I leputy Coroner Steven Eden and the
railway officials. When the body was pent
here for interment the neck was broken
and the left shoulder dislocated, and if
such were not true at the time of the in
quest, only rough treatment in shipping
the remains could have caused such a
condition. As the remains were crated and
carefully handled, the injuries must have
been overlooked at thesinquest.
Coroner Eden telephoned Sheriff Grace
at Santa Rosa and acquainted him with
the facts to-day and Grace said that he
would make an immediate investigation.
The Marin County authorities are power
less, as the tragedy occurred several
ftiles across the boundary line separating
Marin and Sonoma counties.
CONFERENCE ON TRUSTS
AND COMBINATIONS
Senator George C. Perkins of This
State Among the Delegates Who
Will Attend.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3.— The committee of
arrangements for the conference or) com
binations and trusts which will meet in
this city September 13-16 has thousands of
answers that have come to the Civic Fed
eration headquarters in reply to the series
of questions sent out over the country
some weeks ago to the various commer
cial, industrial and manufacturine- inter
ests. It is expected that the report of the
special committee on data will be a valu
able contribution to the conference.
Congressman D. B. Henderson of Du
buque, lowa, writes for seats, stating
that he regards the conference of great
importance, and thinks it will be of great
educational value to the country.
Congressman A. J. Hopkins o. Aurora,
111., asks to have seats reserved for him
self and twelve friends for all the ses
sions.
Many ministers of the gospel have ask
ed for" seats.
The Chicago Bar Association will give
a reception and luncheon to 'he Attorney-
Generals and other members of the legal
profession who attend the conference.
Arrangements are being made by several
State societies to give banquets to their
respective Governors. Among the new
delegations that have been reported this
week are the following from the West:
Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce,
Charles Dwight Willard of Los Angeles,
Cal.; Order of Knights of Labor, 1. D.
Chamberlain of Pueblo, Colo.: State Rail
road Commissioners. I. A. MacCrum of
Portland. Or.; Senator George C. Perkins
of San Francisco and Congressman James
Hamilton Lewis of Seattle,, Wash.
DISABLED AT SEA.
Explosion of a Steam-Chest Kills the
Wordsworth's Engineer.
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— The steamer
Caribee arrived from Barbadoes to-day,
with thirty-six of the thirty-nine passen
gers of the Lamport & Holt steamer
Wordsworth, from Rio for New York,
which put into Barbadoes with her en
gines disabled. The head of the low pres
sure steam chest was blown out, instantly
killing Archibald Thomas, the chief engi
neer. The Wordsworth drifted along for
several days until the engineer's depart
ment succeeded in getting steam in the
boilers. The engines were started and
would run for an hour or so at a time,
and then stop only to be again repaired
and started. In this lame manner the
Wordsworth anally arrived at Barbadoes
and transferred her passengers to the
Caribee. Among the passengers was Wil
liam G. Buchanan, United States Minister
to Argentina.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Brrvmo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If it fails to cure
E. W. Grove's signature is oa each box. 25c.
HIGHWAYMEN LOOT
A GAMBLING DEN
Policeman Shot and
May Die.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Sept. 3.— At 4 o'clock this
morning Harry Green's gambling rooms
in the heart of this city were entered by
two masked highwaymen, who held up
the fifteen persons present, robbed the
place of 11700 in gold, silver rind bills,
locked the occupants in the room and
dashed down the back stairs and away.
A few minutes later a number of mer
chants and Policeman Richard Gemmrig
attempted to halt the highwaymen sev
eral blocks from the scene of the robbery.
They exchanged shots, each man empty
ing his gun. Gemmrig attempted to close
in on the men when one dre_w a second
gun and fired, the bullet entered Gemra
rig's groin and passed out at his back.
He sank senseless to the ground. Other
officers, who were attracted by the noise,
arrived on the scene and continued the
chase. The robbers, separated and one
who gives his name as Jack Williams was
caught. The other is still at liberty. Wil
liams has been identified as the man who
shot Gemmrig. The captured robber had
in his possession a sack containing $300.
When the robbery took place two faro
games we're running. Fifteen men, in
cluding the emp.oyes of the house, were
present, Both robbers carried guns as
they entered and gave the command,
"Hands up:" The occupants were lined
up in a row facing the wall. One, a
Chinaman, yellea. "No Babe," and tried
to escape. He was knocked unconscious
to the floor by a blow on the head from
one of the robber's guns. While one man
kept the crowd cowed witii his guns the
second gathered all the money in
sight, opened the safe and secured the
bags of gold and the paper forming the
bank-roll. Both the robbers backed out
of the door, which they locked, then dash
ed down the stairs and away.
Several seconds intervened before the
dazed occupants gave the alarm and then
the police took up the work. The fact
that only four patrolmen in the whole
city are on duty at that hour, gave the
highwaymen an advantage and largely
contributed to the escape of the missing
man. The missing robber carries with
him about $1400 in gold and bills. A vig
erous search is being conducted by the
police in the city and all the surrounding
towns have been notified. Green offers
half the money for the capture of the
robber. - ~.'.v
The wounded officer is in a serious con
dition, but the physicians to-night ex
press hopes of his recovery. It is believed
the two highwaymen are the same men
who recently held up and robbed a gamb
ling house at Republic. They have been
rooming here about a week and have been
frequent visitors to the clubrooms.
Williams refuses to make any statement
or to give any clew whioli will lead to
the capture of his partner.
The place where the robbery took place
was less than three blocks from tne puiiee
s t ati o n J^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^M
CONVENTION OF MAYORS
OF VARIOUS CITIES
Among Those to Address the Assem-
blage on Municipal Questions
Will Be Mayor Phelan.
NEW YORK. Sept. 3.— The programme
for the coming convention of the League
of American Municipalities at Syracuse,
September 19 to 22, contains twenty-one
papers covering all of the important mu
nicipal questions of the day. Papers on
the municipal ownership question will be
presented by Mayors Johnson of Denver,
Tafet of Concinnati, Robinson of Colorado
Springs and Pierce of Marshalltown.
lowa, on the affirmative side, and Robert
P. Porter of New York and M. A.
Gemirrnder of Columbus, Ohio, on the
negative side. The garbage question is to
be dealt with in papers by Mayor Wil
liams of Memphis and Dr. Woodward,
Health Officer of Washington, D. C. The
special assessment system will be the
subject of papers by Mayor Johnson of
Fargo, N. D., and Mayor Weakley of
Florence, Ala. Mayor Perry of Grand
Rapids, Mich., and Mayor Young of Ak
ron, Ohio, will present papers on the con
tract system for making public improve
ments. Papers will be read by Mayor
Flower of New Orleans on drainage, sew
erage and water supply, and Frederick C.
Howe of Cleveland on municipal govern
ment in England. Besides the twenty-one
papers there will be open discussions on
four subjects, viz.:
Municipal ownership, the garbage ques
tion, the special assessment system and
the contract system. These discussions
will be participated in by the following
Mayors: Mac Vicar of Dcs Moines May
bury of Detroit. Gray of Minneapolis,
Phelan of San Francisco. Brashear of
Houston. Taggart of Indianapolis, Kirsch
ner of St. Joseph, Redmond of Cedar
Rapids, Smythe of Charleston. Woodward
of Atlanta, Rose of Milwaukee, Diehl of
Pittsburg and Swartz of Columhus.
A number of Aldermen and heads of mu
nicipal departments are down on the pro
gramme. A feature of the convention will
he the question box into which all dele
gates will be asked to deposit written in
quiries pertaining to any municipal mat
ter upon which they desire special infor
mation. The box will be opened the last
day and an extra session devoted to an
swering the questions, a number of civil
engineers and other authorities on munic
ipal work being present to provide the in
formation called for.
TWO GAMBLERS ARE
CHARGED WITH MURDER
Inquest on the Bcdy of the Railroad
Employe Found Dead Near
Gaviota.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. The Cor
oner held an inquest yesterday on the
body of the railroad employe who was
found dead . near Gaviota Thursday and
gave a verdict of murder, but the guilt
was ; not ; placed upon any one. Sheriff
Stewart arrived late last evening and
has been working on the case. At noon
to-day he arrested two men from th-g
railroad camp, who he is satisfied a.c&
the guilty persons. ITo also has in charge
two other persons to retain as witnesses.
A man employed at the camp stated
that he saw these two men who ar*s
under arrest divide the money in a se
cluded spot near the Las Cruces .
and afterwards in a conversation oi
overheard to say: "I don't give a d — .
about the man, but I have got hi =
anyway." The men are tinhorn gt
and have been running poker garni s with
the railroad men in the saloon ' , v are
;\ hard looking couple. The
late this afternoon for this cit .. ;1 j.j 3
men and will arrive about
said this afternoon that he \\
he had the two men who com:
deed, but it might be difficult
them. The Coroner's inquest bi
the fact that the man had 1
with a club, which was fouii'l
tree under which he lay.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 ' \
I Just a Word
1 1
. ... , X
There's money in it foryou \
if you don't delay until tha f
boom strikes. It's coming — ;
coming sure. A QUICK DE-
CISION RIGHT NOW may )
make your fortune.
I if you don't delay until the
boom strikes. It's coming —
coming sure. A QUICK DE-
CIS/ON RIGHT NOW may
make your fortune.
Prospectus free, including -_
"INSIDE INFORMATION." 1
Union Consolidated Oil and \
\ Transportation Co., \
I Transportation Co,, I
322-323 Parrott Building,
SAN" FRANCISCO. CAL. I
jifißldCJitttnEU£^riHSiWßCißstt3MlgmHHißßMftil>l»>JßßfWw
EYE-GLASSES
WITH THE NEW CLIP.
Photo Goods— Kodaks.
SCIENTIFIC INSTRUMENTS.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repairing:
factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
OPT I CIANS^,>C l i
OPTICAL P HO TOG^ pn SciENTIFIC i
642 Market St. instruments
UPIBER CKUMICt* Rtii r>i~l-
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED, I
DR. MEYERS & CO. have the largest prac- j
tice and best equipped medical institution I
on the Pacific Coast. Established IT years.
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at office .
or by mail. All letters confidential. . f
731 Market St., San Francisco. |
00000000000000 O
%rp.P PALACE '■"■!' l
GRAND amMkM°
!l BAH FRANCISCO. - Q
" Connected by a covered passageway. **
6 1400 Rooms— 9oo v»i h Bath Attached. *»
O AH Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PBICE8:"*" O
O European Plan. 81. OO per day and upward O
-. American P!an.?B.OO per day and upward «
O Correßpondence Solicited. v#
0 JOHN 0. EiasPATBIOE, Managsr. O
000000000000000000
Dr. R. L. Walsh,
«^ll.«ak 815% GEARY ST.. bet.
ife^Sj^csaaiiES^a- A Hyde and Laj-kin.
"^^^so^^) Fairness i^itraction..
U^f - m J^Tr : n3~*.".*.*.*.***.**.f2.OU
>{; fT. liT. Mi>' Flesh-colored Plates..
X.l ll_j&M~* *5.(Ml
Continuous Gum . Plates* (no bad Joints) our
specialty. Hay« received TEN first prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No students, 11
years' experience.
C'^^fc»^^''^fe^^^^^^^^fc^ <^ *^> 8
VISIT OR JORDAN'S GREAT^
ShOSEOH OF ANATOMY^
A C£ 1051 ST. let. 6:147 th, S.F.CiI i
T l^T The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A World. "Weaknesses or any contracted i I
* SkTsIQ disease cored by the oldest T
9 jjJSI Specialibt ru the Coast. Est 36 year."-. 9
4 Q&0& CR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 0
\ diaDilß Consultation free and strktly private. \
1 ' i ilr'&L n Tr« itment personally or by letter. A 4
\fi wnH ' ''"' c Cure in every case undertaken. T
i If lift Write for Book, rH!I.OSl)PIIYel A
'II I 7! »*nniAr.E, MAILED FREE. (Af
X (f, (J, valuable book for mcnj \
7 I>« JORDAN *<"«», 1051 Market St., S. F. r
M^fc;|- ELECTRIC BELTS,
t^mf. v ' :^P'" r '^JJv Prices from ?3 50 to
s V?VVr l^'Vs*~r7?&nL JS. Largest manu-
ijCy \\ 1 V '♦ \ 'V T?3 i'acturers In the Unl-
Wn^' W»rr>.^ ' /fl^«?JliV led States. No Quacks
connected with th:»
WvpATWi?*^?^ establishment.
' ' v ~— *sjrfc_ 'A l^" or ■ Particular*
fJJ }^=. call or eend 2c IS
"vyf«» stamps for "Booklet
'» No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.
Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F.
WVICfCSI/IT* A KS JKr «* VITALITY
NfeRVI I M st vigor.
jgsjm^ = ■»* AND MANHOOD
Baj&*i>X Cures Irapctency Night Emhsicpc and wasting
Hm^fl r'iscas^. all effects of sdf'abuse, or excess aci
T_2f» '^'•ri indiscrenoa A ncrvevtcnic sad blood-builder.
' \» «J!w Brings the pink glow to pale "hecks and re»
t.^.Tv-storcithefireof youth. By -"nail 500 per
Ifaw^"^ t»» ©boxes for $2.50; with a written
i^J^dS^v^-inrantcc to cure or refund th« money,
K«&>ita medial Co., G«»tcn « 3acteon sis., etHkaea.
E. L. Baldwin & Co.. Druggists. 8 Market. S.F.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. TUB
great Mexican remedy; elves health ana •
■trength to sexual organ*. Depot. tt M»rk»t.
Bad way's
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Caus»
perfe-t digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. ■ ..wo. t.
For the cure or all disorders o. th« Stomach,
Liver Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Kick Headache.- Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Phes and all derangements of th«
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists,
or by mail. «AD\VAY & CO.- New Yorlt.SAN DOMINGO EAGER
TO WELCOME JIMENES
Revolutionary Aspirant to the Presidency Sails
for Puerto Plata.
CATK HAYTIEX. Sept. 2.— Juan
r Jimenes, the revolutionary
aspirant to the Presidency i :
Republic of San Domingo, left
Caimariera yesterday .in hnarfl thp
PRESIDENT'S PALACE AT SAN DOMINGO CITY.
Becat!s*» membeT f 1 recent et of :h*» republic were detected removing arms aboard ships in the harbor
f the capital cit> • ' -' sympathia md tore down and destroyed a picture of the late
--.^«r,» tr^,.^^o-":-r Thar t^o r^nh packed the homes of several of the former Ministers.
DASHES THROUGH
AN OPEN SWITCH
Freight Train Wrecked
at Lodi.
Special Disr-atch to The Call.
LODI. Sept. S.— Southbound freight No
ISS ran into an open switch at this place
about 5 o'clock this morning, a serious
tvreck resulting. The train was comint
in at the rate cf thirty miles an hou;
when it struck the switch and ran on t<
,i siding on which lay some empty box
cars. Set-ing that a collision was inevit
able the rireman took chances anc
jumped; escaping unhurt.
Engineer Smith stayed with .-■■-■
md attempted to stop, but before the al:
:oiild grip the brakes the empty boxcar:
were struck with terrific force. Thi
switch was too short to stop on. and tin
engine with the shattered cars ahea«
plowed out to the end and finally stopi>e<
in the soft dirt beyond the switch, witl
the engine crushed into the car ahead.
Fire broke out and it required the ef
forts of the Lodi f.re company to fjuencf
the flames. Several cars were wrecket
and telescoped, the engine badly dam
iged and Engineer Bert Smith, who stoo<
at his post to the last, narrowly escapee
being crushed between the tender and
the demolished cab. His back, head and
: ; rm are injured, but he is not badly hurt
The rack is now clear and the wreck
ing crew is clearing away the debris.
A tramp, who was asleep in one of th<
empty cars, had a narrow escape fron
rleath. He was violently hurled from on
end of the car to the other, but escape*
with a few bruises. .
A careless brakeman on last night s
Freight train Is said to be responsible foi
the "collision.
CHARLES BENNETT. A
PIONEER. PASSES AWAY
One of the Two Survivors of an Early
Expedition Into British
Columbia,
SAX DIEGO. Sept. 3.— Charles Bennett,
aged C 7. died this morning at his home at
Enser.ada. Lower California, after a long
illness. Some months ago he suffered a
stroke of paralysis apt! though he came ■
10 this city and received the best medical
attention" he continued to fail until his j
df-ath. Death was hastened by the suduen
taking-off of his daughter. Miss Amy j
Bennett, a few weeks asro from the euects j
of an accidental gunshot wound. Mr.
J-tenr.ett was one of the best-known pio- !
neers on the coasi. He came to Califor
nia overland from his native State. Ten- j
i;es=ee. In 547. when 15 years old. and has j
ever sir.cc ltd an active outdoor life.
With five companions Bennett went into
British Columbia in 1852, on a prospecting
tour, and continued to a point near the
mouth of the Mackenzie River, traversing
hundreds of miles of wilderness never be- |
for? visited by man. Bennett was one of
two of the survivors of the expedition.
Soon after his return to California he and
a companion were captured by Indians
in Northwestern Nevada. and great prep
arations were made for their torture at
the stake Tne companion was burned
within sight of Bennett, but Bennett's life
was saved by a voune squaw to whom he
had previously given a quantity of calico.
She cut his thongs and enabled him to
escape during the night.
B»nn«tt built the first road In Death
Valley for the opening of the borax
nine- and later made a fortune in gold
mines' In that faction. For the past thir
teen rears he hau been a resident of En
fenada and was the wealtniest and most
extensive rancher in Lower California,
alf>o own'rg a flouring- mill and fruit can
rery It I^senada. Mr. Bennett was a
man of great force of character. He
[eaves a widow and four daughter.
GERMANS CELEBRATE.
Big Demonstration in Chicago by
Various Societies.
CHICAGO Sept. 3.— More than one hun
dred German societies celebrated Ger
rran d'av Over 35.000 persons attended
«£ celebration at Sunnyside Park A
<£ecinVly selected orchestra of Nw pieces
ffnved selections from "Faust" and other
nuiroVrs inspired by Goethe's poems and
S "ale chorus composed of I*oo voices.
selected from the Chicago German singing
societies, sang the poet's sonss. < ■
There was a women s chorus of <w
voices and a children's chorus of SOO mem
lK>rc At the close- of the afternoon . ser
vices the children stirred the vast au-
i rC(> by singing ■The Star Spanned
r'anncr" 'and waving small American
{lags as they sang,
Raisin Growers Combine.
WOODLAND, Sept. James Porteous.
proprietor of the Fresno Agricultural
Works, is here for t-ie purpose of putting
his patent Btemmer, presses and other im
plements into the Woodland Raisin-pack-
W establishment. Gugcer.heim kCo.
will have one of the completest packing
houses in the Sacramento Valley when all
contemplated improvements are m le. T.
r White treasurer of the California
Raisin-growers' Association, is also here
ESEje to induce the Sultana raisin
cV->wers of Yolo County to join the a=so-
Hat Ton About 50 per cent of the growers
have signed contract.--.
Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be a
marvel of beautiful illustrations
—its half-ione work being es-
pecially fine.
Oenrge S. Croose for Baracon. from
■^hich point he ■will proceed to P^rt au
Prince and then to Puerto Plata, where
he is patiently awaited.
PUERTO PLATA, Sept. 3.—Gov?r
VICIOUS BUFFALO
CAUSES A PUNIC
Charges the Crowd at
Monterey Fiesta.
S:>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. Sept. 3.— Monterey's
annual Mexican fiesta was held to-day, j
There were nearly 4000 people in attend
ance. An excursion of 3WW people came {
down from San Francisco- and great num- j
bens from Salinas. Watsonville, Santa I
Cruz and other neighboring towns were
also here during the day. R. <". Sargent]
acted as general manager of the sports, I
which were held at the baseball park, and
a very successful programme was car
ried out.
Some of the best vaqueros of the State,
amor.? them Bush Beever. C. Lugo, E.
Vasquez and Leon Martinez, gave ex
citing exhibitions of their skill In riding j
unbroken broncos and lassoing wild
cattle.
An accident occurred which caused a j
temporary panic and came very near re- j
suiting seriously. A vicious buffalo cow j
that was brought up from the Cooper i
ranch in the Sur district for the sports j
became excited and broke down her pen.
petting into the south end of the arena.
There being nobody in thai portion of
the. grounds the vaqueros soon roped her,
but while taking her back to the pen she S
again got away, this time breaking down ]
the fence that separated the arena from I
the spectators and charging madly into
the crowd of people, vehicles and horses,
causing a stampede. Fortunately no one :
was hurt beyond a few bruises, though
several narrowly escaped serious injury.
The animal then rushed into the street
through another fence and into a back
yard, where she was captured. The
vaqueros had great difficulty in roping
her. and accidentally drawing the lasso
too tight, choked her to death.
While the same animal was passing
Del Monte golf links yesterday she
caught sight of some red golf jackets and
ran furiously at the fence, knocking off
about a dozen caddies who were seated
on it.
EXTENSIONS TO THE
WHITE PASS RAILWAY
Road Will Be Completed to Lewis
River When Navigation
Opens.
TACOMA, Sept 3*- te Pas-s and
Yukon Railwaj baa begun
•he extension of its line from Lake
Bennett to White Ht -
aa far as Fort Selkirk. Materials
ing rushed forward that they may
be taken over the pass before winter sets
tj.l Purchasing Agent Hussey
outlines the railroad company's plans as
■
"We have deterrr.ir^ ; to extend the road
as far as v. . ; ossi
. re Fine ior Port B* :kirk. We
have hai englneei ■ • r
traversing var; - - One important
feature was t" k- t a good crossing of the
. • . will r^^uire a cost
- ;cture, but we now have a line se
■ : which we believe is the best that
can be obtained, and while It approaches
nearer the Lewia River than our first line.
yet it is still ten miles from the general
trend of the river.
"The material we have to handle is
largely decomposed granite, which can be
handled with a plow and a scraper, and
there are also targe deposits of gravel.
We also pass through a fitretch of marsh
land. This Tire will begin to drain this
fall, so it will be in a condition to con
struct our roadbed during the eariy win
ter, after the frost and before the snow
falL
"There is scarcely ar.y blasting to be
done, except for loosening decomposed
rock and some rock work along Lake
Bennett. We nope to be able to move
forward a good part of our heavy mate
rial, such as raiif. fastenings, ties and
trestle and bridge lumber, before the
navigation next season we anticipate
!ak*»s ciose up. By the opening of river
having th- mpteted and open for
traffic, at least from «'ar: - -ng to
bridges must be built in crossing the va
rious streams."
WASHINGTON VOLUNTEERS.
Efforts Being Made to Get the Troops
Home Quickly.
TACOMA, S'-pt. 3.— Another cam]
has been commenced having •" • -
thf- quickest possibli I the
mgton Volunteers to their hoaiea.
At attempt is being made to have tho
rf-giment sent north t<> Seattle josl
soon as it arrives In San Francisco early
in October. To this end Senators 5
and Turner and Congressmen Jones and
Cushman have wired Secretary Hoot le
questing that the regiment be accom
panied from Manila i.y officers wno v. :il
muster them out aboard the transport
ay them off. These telegrams were
sent last night and to-day, and answers
have not yet b*?<-n received.
Transport Wrecked.
•Special Cable to The Cal! acl Xnr York Her
ai'i •'•jpyrighted. 1599. by James Gordon
Bennett.
VALPARAISO. Sept. 3.— The Chilean
transport Angamas has been wrecked in
the Straits of Magellan. All of the pas
i rs and crew were saved.
Health Board Organizes.
WOODLJVN'D. Sept. 3.— The Yolo County |
Board of Health met on Saturday night
and organized by electing Dr. W. E.
Bates of Davlsvilie president and Dr. H.
D. L-awbead of Woodland secretary. |
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 4. 1899.
nor Imbeft has received a communica
tion from the capital announcing the
creation of a temporary governing
committee consisting of SenoresCestero
and Logrono, and Generals Patino and
Mejia and requesting his resignation of
the governorship of Puerto Plata in
favor of General Coceo. Governor Im
bert will comply with the request.
WAR OF CHINESE
IN SAN JOSE
Several Shots Fired, but
No One Struck.
Soedal Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE. Sept. X— A small war bro&e
out i the Hip Sing and Yunj:
Wah tongs ir. the Sixth street Chinatown
" la -.ftemoon. About twenty shots were
-::ged and some half dozen Mongols
participated < n each side. Xo one was
but Ung Dung Ling, a prominent
mem: • the Yung Wahs, was badly
bar. It is said the
Hip Sing men attempted to assassinate
him to-day and the right became general.
Wholesale arrests followed the shooting.
es Wallace and Rosenthal i-- . .
upward of twenty complaints and Con
stables Marshall and Halty had
warrants. Ah Duck, Ah
Jue. Ah Louie, Ah Quong. Lee Ming and
Ah Lung were arrested on charges of
assault to murder and carrying con
weapons. ■ • swore to these war
rants. Wong Poon. Ah Wong and Ah
Fong also had the same two charges
placed against them by Chew Suey. One
of the men. Ah Joe. charged with assault
:;;mii murder, .was in the custody of
Sheriff at the time of the shooting.
The shooting to-day is the result of
a movement recently organized bj
best • ment of the Sixth street Chlna
to rid the place of all -dissolute char
■ - and tumblers, most of whon
• H> Sing Tong. Several
iK" the t'hinese merchants organized
a "g - • igue, with the
- .rpose of cleaning the morals of
the place.
past two months the various
factions have been warring
=: themselves. In this they are en
couraged by their attorneys, constables
and interpreters, who earn fat fees by
keeping them warring. Justices of th*
Peace issue warrants without the least
• -:ioning. as can be seen to-day wh»a
two warrants, and in a couple of in
stances three, were issued for the men
• in this manner the taxpayers
are mulcted of thousands of dollars year
ly, as the Issuing and serving of each
warrant costs at least S5.
INDIANS SEEK TO
PURCHASE ARMS
Timber-Cutting Is Suspended \ and
There Is Much Distress
, Among Workmen.
CITY OF MEXICO. Sept. 3.— Three em
issaries of the hostile Indians in the
southern part of Yucatan have appeared
In town in the British colony of Belize,
pretending to wish to purchase cloth,
but it is believed they are trying to ob
tain arms and ammunition, the sale of
which to Indians is prohibited by the
colonial authorities. The Indians say
they want nothing of the Mexicans and
will not pay taxes on aguadiente and
other products. Many Indians who are
tired of fighting the Mexican troops want
peace and have deserted the hostiles and
dispersed through the Guatemalan prov
ince of Peten. The hostiles have been
re-enforced by large numbers of escaped
prisoners or servants on the- plantations
in Yucatan.
Timber cutting has been suspended on
account of the hostile attitude of the
Santa Cruz Indip-<= and there is much
distress' among men formerly actively
employed in mahogany and precious
woods, and hundreds of Jamaican negroes
are returning home, fearing to stay in
the forests and run the risk of being cap
tured by the Indians, who are fierce and
cruel and given to torturing prisoners.
The Guatemalan Indians distrust the
hostile Mexican Indians and refuse to
receive their refugees in their villages.
If Belize can prevent the smuggling of
arms and ammunition to the Mexican
Indians the revolt will not be kept up
long, but this is the difficulty.
«
CATTLE KING WEDS.
KANSAS CITY. Sept. 3.— John I. Clare,
a cattle king of San Antonio. Tex., and
Mrs. B. G. Budd of Riverside. Cal., re
puted to be worth a million in orange
grow and San Francisco real estate,
were married at the Baltimore Hotel this
morning at 9 o'clock. The wedding, al
though quiet, was the occasion for a
greater display of wealth in decorations,
- and gowns than any oth^r Kansas
City wedding, barring the Flood-Fritz af
fair a few months ago. Mrs. Budd wore
a SIOOO white tatin gown, with orange
blossom? and a veil, and the groom was
in full dress. The bride and groom left
at once for California, but will return to
Kansas City to live.
-•■
Cabinet Crisis Passed.
VALPARAISO. Sept. 3.— The Peruvian
Cabinet crisis has been solved by the for
mation of a coalition Cabinet. a« the re
sult of the conference between Eduardo
Romano. President-elect, and tho leaders
of the ministerialist factions.
Tiie following is the personnel of th«
r. 'a Ministry, so far as decided upon:
President of the Council. Raf'a-i Sct
m;.' »-r. Minister of Foreign Affairs. S-rnr-r
I'rfnenta: Minister of Finance, S-^nor
Sahnes: Minister of War. General Com ha.
Shoots His Wife and I>aughter.
CHICAGO. Sept. 3.— While mentally un
balanced to-day Henry Emde. a carpen
ter, shot and killed his wife. Emma, and
fatally wounded his five-year-old daugh
ter. He then committed suicide by hang
ing. Two other children, aged 9 and 11,
who slept with their mother, did not
wake until several hours after the trag
edy occurred.
TERRITORIAL
GOVERNMENT
FOR HAWAII
I Policy of the President in
Relation to Our New
Dependencies.
CHANGE JT_ MANILA
• Civil Rule by Three Commissioners
to Supplant the Present
System.
Sreelal Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, "WEL
LINGTON" HOTEL, WASHINGTON,
; Sept. 3.— There is good authority
i for the statement that the Pres-
i dent has returned to Washing
: ton with these general ideas uppermost
I in his mind as to his future course in
j relation to new dependencies:
The Phillipines— Civil government by
1 three commissioners to supplant the
military rule immediately after the re
■ bellion is crushed.
Cuba— Continued military control un
' til it is determined by means of general
, election whether the inhabitants want
j independence or annexation. If inde
! pendence the new government elected
. will be recognized by the United States
\ and will be given encouragement and
i every opportunity to establish its sta
bility. If annexation, the President
will be governed by the sentiment of
the American citizens as it may then
exist.
Porto Rico — government of ter
ritorial form, similar to that which pre
j vails in Arizona.
Hawaii— Territorial form of govern
', ment as recommended by the Hawaiian
; commission and as provided for in a
I measure now pending in Congress.
Some weeks will elapse before the
! President settles down to the actual
■preparation of his message, but he has
' returned from his vacation with some
! well-denned views as to the difficult
j problems which confront him and will
i immediately commence the discussion
i/f details with the members of his Cab
j met. It has been generally supposed
that with the war in progress in the
; Philippines the President would avoid
: committing himself to recommenda
tions as to the future government of
I the islands, but such will probably not
'be the case. His Pittsburg speech
i leaves no room for doubt that he will
i insist upon permanent American con
trol of the Philippines. To this extent
I he has came out squarely and thrown
< down the gauntlet to anti-expansion
! ists. Mr. McKinley not only favors this
; permanent control, but is prepared
I with all forces at his command to fight
I for it. But to void the charge of mili
j tarism — and that is his reason for mak-
I ing the recommendation he proposes
! outlining the plan to Congress for sub
! stituting a civil form of government for
I the military, the moment peace is ob
! tamed and complete supremacy of the
| United States established.
Future discussion with his Cabinet
1 may change somewhat the President's
I views as to the form of civil govern
i ment best suited to meet the situation
but at present the commission idea pre
dominates. Professor Schurman, Pres
j ident of the Peace Commission, is un
derstood to favor this kind of control
and a historical review recently pre
pared for the President showing that
the United States has frequently adopt
ed this method of control of new terri
tory in a transitory state, has deeply
Impressed the members of the adminis
i tration.
It is appreciated that it will be some
I years before the islands are ripe for
i even a territorial form of government,
j such as is proposed for Porto Rico, so
that the control by commissioners,
much the same as the District of Co
lumbia Is governed, is deemed a happy
substitute for military government and
a safe and simple means of control pre
: liminary to the establishment of a ter
| ritorial form of government when it
may be possible to give the 3 natives,
generally, the right of suffrage.
A plan under consideration contemp-
l ates three commissioners, one an army
officer to have charge of fiscal affairs,
another naval offcer to have control of
customs and a third, a leading Filipino
1 of legal experience to look after the
! judiciary, all three to be appointed by
the President and confirmed by the
Senate. Further details contemplate
giving the Filipinos a voice in all mu
nicipal affairs and the most liberal self
government possible.
YELLOW FEVER STATUS.
Number of Cases in Key West, but of
a Mild Type.
WASHINGTON, Sept ?.— Officials of
the marine hospital service are working
in harmonious co-operation with the
State officials of Florida In dealing with
the yellow fever situation in Key West.
Such information as has been received by
Dr. Wyman. the surgeon general, shows
that there are a number of cases of y*l
low fever there, but mild in type. Dr.
Wyman to-day received from Key West
a list of persons who have left that city
recently, together with the date and man
ner of their departure and their destina
tion. Dr. Wyman says that while there
is no occasion for alarm concerning these
people, ordinary precautions would re
quire that they be kept under observation
for ten days. The War Department
authorities hope to be able to get the
troops away from Key West by Tuesday.
Two telegrams were received by Sur
geon General Wyman to-day from the
Hampton Soldiers' Home, where there
were recently many cases of yellow fever.
Dr. Vickers. in charge, says every' man
at the home has been inspected, and no
infected or suspicious cas^s discovered.
ADAMS STILL MISSING.
The police are deugently endeavoring
to find Kelly, the partner of Casey, the
Australian crook who is locked up In the
City Prison. His reported death in New
Orleans was circulated by Casey and his
friends in order to deceive the officials.
It is known that Chief Lees has received
positive information that Kelly is in the
East and that he is accompanied by an
other crook who came to this city with
the pane. Last night the head of the
Police Department sent a number of dis
patches East asking the authorities to try
and locate Kelly.
Casey was taken from his cell last even
ing and subjected to a rigorous examina
tion He refused to reveal the where
abouts of Kelly, except to say that he
was still alive.
It is expected that Handsome Harry
Adams will be located to-day. He Is sup
posed to be in hiding near this city. In
case he is arrested the police intend to
use him as a witness against Casey.
How to Choose Good Potatoes.
It is not generally Known that heavy
potatoes are usually the best and the
most nutritious, and that the waxy and :
soft kinds are in every way less profit- i
able. An old-fashioned method of test- '
ing the quality of a potato Is to put it '<
into a strong solution of salt; if it is i
; good it will sink to the bottom of the !
' vessel which contains the salt and I
! water, and if the tuber is inferior it will j
float on the surface of the water.— I
i Philadelphia Public Ledger.
DEATH'S CALL COMES
TO J. L ROBINETTE
/■> ACRAMEN'TO. Sept. B.— J. L- Robi-
L nette, one of the leading Odd Fel-
lows of the State and a prominent
v 1 citizen of Sacramento, died this
morning in Auburn, Placer County,
■whither he had had gone for his
health, and his remains were brought to
Sacramento this afternoon.
Deceased at the time of his death was
deputy grand master of the Odd Fellows
of California, and was directly in line for
grand master. He had been in ill-health
for some time, but of late had been con
valescing and hopes were entertained of
his recovery. A few days ago he grew
worse and acting upon the advice of
friends went to Auburn, hoping the air of
the foothills would work a cure. His
death, when it came, was not unexpected.
Deceased, in partnership, with C. H
Harrison, has conducted a printing es
tablishment in this city for many years
and he and Harrison were publishers of
the Odd Fellow.
The funeral will take place at 2 o'clock
to-morrow afternoon from Odd Fellows'
Temple under the auspices of the Odd Fel
lows and a number of the grand officers
will be present.
Mr. Robinette leaves a wfQow and three
daughters. Mrs. John Straub and Misses
Sadie and Flora Robinette.
TO SAVE WATER OF
TUOLUMNE RIVER
Hydrographers Plan a
Storage Reservoir.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA. Sept. 3.— Henry Ramel and
Clyde Seavey have just returned to their j
homes in this city from a three months' I
survey far a storage reservoir in the !
Hetch-Hetchy Valley. The reservoir la
planned by Hydrographers Newell and j
Lappencott of the Department of the In
terior, the indefatigable workers in the
interests of arid land irrigation by the
Government. J. B. Lippencott. resident I
hydrographer for California and Arizona, j
visited the site in person. The surveyors
are enthusiastic over the feasibility of
the scheme, which is simply for the stor
age of the waters of the Tuolumne River.
The Tuolumne. rising in the eastern
mountainous portion of this State, flows
off into the San Joaquin and is lost in
summer. Attempts have been made un
successfully to store its waters for the
dry season. Several years ago the
Modesto and Turlock ditches were built.
They have been fruitful of little be.- ■ -
controversy. Here is also the largest
diverting dam in the world. Still the
farmers have been enabled to raise only
grain, etc. There has never been a sufn- I
ciency of water for agriculture on a large i
scale. If the Government follows up its ! ■
project a reservoir thirty by twenty
miles will be built. There is a natural > .
site about 100 miles north of La Grange ,
and twenty miles from Sequoia, the near
est postoffice. It will not be necessary to
make any excavations. All that is nee- '
essary, the surveyors say. is to build a •
gigantic diverting dam that will hold the I ,
waters that now now into the San j .
Joaquin. An immense amount of water
flows in the Tuolumne in the winter, but '
in summer the river is? low. The fall is
great, being in one place 127 feet.
The reservoir site is inside the Yosemite '
Park reserve, but is nut a part of the
Yosemite Valley proper. One difficulty '
exists in that the land is owned by pri- |
vate parties who settled previous to the
establishment of the reserve. The Gov
eminent must therefore purchase the
land In order to build the reservoir.
The ranchers, who have large holdings
in the country tributary to the Tuolumne.
are said to look forward with much hope
to the Government's coining to their re
lief. At present there is not water enough
fruit crowing. The towns which are
interested are Modesto. Waterford, Em
pire City, Paradise and Tuoiumne. along
the river If the water is stored it may
;;<•■*• over the darn and into the irrigating j
ditches during the dry season.
INDIAN WAREHOUSES.
They Supply the Bed Man With His
Necessities and Luxuries.
The United States Indian warehouse
was removed this week from State and
Sixteenth streets to 235-247 Johnson street.
This" year about 15,000,000 pounds of
freight will probably be handled by the .
warehouse, us against 10.000,000 pound?
last year. The Indian warehouse is a big
distributing house for supplies for the
Indian schools and agencies operated by
the Government. There are about 500 of
these schools scattered over the face of
the country from Maine to Mexico. Most
of them are. however, in the West. The
institutions are classed as contract, day
and boarding-schools. In the past the
Government has held to the custom of
contracting with the missionaries of cer
tain denominations to operate schools for
the instruction of the Indians, but this
policy apparently has received its doom
and is to be discontinued within a few
years. Meantime the Government is put- ;
"ting up Kb own schoolhouses. and this
means Increased expenditures through the
Indian warehouse.
The variety of articles bought for Poor
Lo as the Indian is usually referred to by
the warehouse authorities, is very larg^
and includes almost everything devised
by the ingenuity of man. from a safety
nin to a steam thrasher. It Is difficult to
associate many of the articles shipped
from the warehouse with the Indian as
he is pictured in the mind of the average
white. To meet the progressive needs of
the copper-colored wards of the nation
the Government made the modest pur
chas last year of 7SOO boxes of shoe polish.
More than 100 eight-day clocks were
shipped from the warehouse to make glad |
the ears of Indian pupils, and 10.000 yards
of elastic were distributed. Whether the
latter will be made into garters or slung
shots is not of record. One thousand dozen
fine combs are furnished to keep the ra
ven locks of the children of nature in
proper condition, and 72.000 safety pins
were forwarded along with the combs and
25 000 pairs of suspenders.
Other small orders executed for Uncle •
Sam through his Chicago warehouses, and
tor the benefit of his subjugated wards, ;
are 48 000 linen handkerchiefs. 10.000 yards \
of mosquito netting. 1200 yards of "hair- ;
cloth" for puffed sleeves, several saw
mills 120 sewing machines. 14.400 boxes of
axle grease. 37 lawn mowers. 32 laundry
stoves model cooking tables, kindergarten
"gifts" and schoolbooks and supplies in
startling quantities. No person can pc- i
ruse the list of things shipped from the
warehouse and not be convinced that the
reservation Indian Ss becoming more rap- i
idly civilised than the young men who
comprise the membership of the Greek
letter "frats" of the country.— Chicago j
Evening Post.
■ ♦ ■ —
The Barber Was All Bight.
"After being shaved in a Chicago
hotel barber shop," said the man from
South Bend. "I walked out and down
the street and entered another shop and
took a chair. The barber lathered and
scraped me without a word, and fifteen
minutes later I submitted myself to a
third. He lathered and rubbed as if I
had not been shaved for a month, and
just as he took up the razor I asked:
"Didn't you notice that I had been,
shaved twice this morning?"
'• 'Yes. sir. he replied."
"But you are going to shave me
again." .
" 'No. sir. I suppose you came in here
to get the skin taken off and part with
some of your cheek." '—Philadelphia
Inquirer.
An Increase Anticipated.
Samuel Stubble— Takin" in the circus, air
ye" Ain't this a grreat ol 1 crowd 0 Never
see the beat fer Basswood Corners! Ana
all of 'em spendin' their money, ten.
There's a deal of business beln' done to-
Orrin Oatcake— Yes, sir; I'm anxious to
see the daily papers to-morrow and «=ee
what the bank clearins were fer the coun
try to-day. — Purlf
AIRSHIP MOMS
TO THE PINNACLE OF
A CHURCH STEEPLE
EVANSVTLLE. Ind.. Sept. 3.— A
farmer who invented an airship
several months ago gave an exhi
bition of his invention at the Spen
cer County Fair, at Chrisney. yes
terday afternon, and ended up on
top of a church steeple. The farm
er's invention is a cigar-shaped
balloon, to which a basket is at
tached. There is a four-bladed pro
peller on each side of the basket.
These propellers are worked by or
dinary bicycle pedals.
The management of the Chrisney
fair secured the farmer's machine
as the chief attraction, with the
understanding that he was to give
an exhibition each day, and on the
last day was to sail from Lhrisney
to this city, a distance of forty
miles. Fifteen hundred people were
at the fair yesterday, and as this
was the last day the fanner made
arrangements to carry out his con
tract. He inflated his machine with
gas, had the airship cut loose from
the guy ropes at 3 o'clock and one
minute later he was sailing around
over the fair grounds. He let his
machine rise to a height of 100 feet
or more before he began to work
the pedals. Everything worked
well, and cheer after cheer arose
as the peculiar looking machine be
gan to circle around. T^.e inventor
started his ship in the direction of
Evansville. The pedals became
disarranged and a strong wind
blew against the machine, which
began to fall. The inventor in vain
tried to stop the fall, and soon the
machine struck a church steeple
and hung there, like Baron Mun
chausen's horse. The balloon col
lapsed, but the farmer clung to the
steeple until a ladder was secured,
when he reached the ground in
safety. Aside from a few bruises
he was not hurt.
ys^hj^ \^% \ a great advantage jn -3£
-^vwf Jt^K \ buying your clothes here, jL'(
C ■'■-".*y oWsmlk \is in the P rotection we l^>
2p^i j^^^^Si * 1 § ive you ia our " Year " \s§
"-A B^^^ / This "Yeargood" cloth- Cg/
?s4f\ I^^^^^W / ing consists of suits and %C\
jbar*\ r^^^^^x / overcoats in all cloths, f&
7s&fk '"^^^ ' / makes and styles tr ° m >U
C^/Q^J^Nfc^jHr^^^^ garment is thoroughly
'%^^Cfls^ j+r***^*^^^ tested before it leaves our \^C
'mljZj factory (we make them ourselves), and ourguar- -(r~>
n&Kw antee protects us as well as you. j^X
ryO protects you against any imperfections that
[jC\ might occur. It protects us against your criticism 2^
?C]C^ should you not be satisfied, for here is your money £%W
3w waiting to be returned to you if you want it or a )>cH
20c year's repairing free of charge, if you keep the suit, "w*^
"~^X Buying clothing and getting protection is so con- =^r
3£& trary 10 custom that you can hardly realize its value "Sn^t-
-o*o until you purchase here. nC^
\m ■ -- 3*
&f. Boys' Knee Pants. \.<Z&
f^/^ Ages only 9 to 15, all-wool mixed patterns, taped ' <y\c~
:^tV seams, strong pockets, well sewed; values 75c, 85- j~pS
ffO; and $1.00 for }Q.
» 55c a Pair. 3&
ft
"^T> With every purchase of $1.00 or over we are tfyT
jfi\ giving free an Bxlo photograph of the returning jC~\
/zX: California Volunteers marching up Market [^>C
=^-^ street. See the enlarged picture in our window, V^
$0
SB (m)s.N.woopeco(^) P
!' MARKET \^los/ Jffi:
Hf 9 . Out-of-town orders filled — write us. ""X^
VERDICT MAY
BE REJECTED
BY CABINET
French Ministry Preparing
to Act in the Dreyfus
Case,
FAVOR MOUSED
Mercier. Gonse and Their Followers
Likely to Be Charged With
Conspiracy.
S Disi«.tch to The Call.
NETV YORK. Sept. 3.— A Sun
cable from London says: The
Rome correspondent of the Cen
tral News says that he has In
terviewed many of the Vatican
officials, including Monsigneura
Pifferi and Angeli, and learns
that the Pope and a number of
the high dignitaries are opposed
to Dreyfus. He adds that the
Vatican will not issue instruc
tions to the French clergy in re
gard to their attitude when the
Rennes court martial delivers its
verdict.
+ + + + + + + + 4-4- + 4- + + + 4- + +
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— The Journal
cable from Rennes says: Doubts
of a full acquittal even of any
acquittal— becoming so gen
eral that the Cabinet yesterday
discussed the situation and a movement
was begun to take the matter befoi the
Court of Cassation • with the design of
having: the proceedings quashed on the
ground that the procedure before the
court-martial has illegally transrvnded
the limit set by the Cassation Court la
transferring the case to a coOrt-nrarttal.
Advices from Paris to-n.ght sta*e that
the ablest lawyers of the parliamentary
bar have been asked to report on the
question, which is a diftlcuit one. new to
French procedure.
It is also reported on good authority
to-night that ii Dreyfus is condemned
the Cabinet will either resign as a matter
of form or ask for a vote of confidence
from the Chamber as the preliminaiy of
another action which will be of a very
determined character, regarding Merck-r
and Gonse. This indicates that the en
tire gang of War Office conspirators
against Dreyfus and Picquart ■will be ar
rested on a criminal charge of conspiracy
and sent to trial without delay.
The charge is frequently mad:- by tlio
Catholic press that Dreyfus is a Free
Mason, but up to now proof ha? been
Irckiner. Yesterday, however, some one
furnished Millevoye of La Patrie with a
copy of the official report of the Supreme
Masonic Council of France for IS9"*.
wherein Dreyfus appears as having taken,
the thirty-second degree.
POPE SOPHRONIUS
YIELDS TO DEATH
Patriarch of the Or+hodox Greek
Church Passes Away at the
Age of 103 Years.
ALEXANDRIA. Sept. 3.— His Holiness,
Pope Sophronius. patriarch of the Ortho
dox Greek Church of Alexandria. Lybia,
Ethiopia and all Egypt, died to-day,
aged 103.
34
MONDAY SEPTEMBER 4; 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
~AddrlTs TlTcommunications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St».. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
LDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IST*.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Term* by Mall, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday Call), one year '^'J!*!
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months *«O
;>AILT CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months .... 1.50
I>AILY CALL— By Single Month H5 <*
EUNDAY CALL One Year I s*(
WEEKLY CALL One Year llO °
All postmasters are authorised to recelv: subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT i
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel!
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Cnlon Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK 200 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK 639 McAllister street, open until 9:33
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1841 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 220 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1098
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock..
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Bells."
' 'irheuni— Vaudeville.
TlvoM— "Carmen "
-"Christopher Jr."
Grand Opera-house— "El Capltan."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and eveninc
Olympla, corner Mason and Ellis Specialties.
Sutro Baths — Swimming Races, etc.
Recreation Park— Baseball to-day.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
hibit.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Concert, Thursday evening, Sept. 7.
Sherman-Clay Hall- Ballad Concert, Tuesday evening, Sep-
t<rntx?r 12.
— <^illk> —
—
THE FACTORY AND THE FARM
"T—HE farm and the factory are not exactly hand
in hand at present. The-former is lagging some
* what, while the latter is advancing with great
strides. It is not that the farm is not prospering, but
the factory ng. The industries, which were
regarded with an askant eye by the New York bank
s' in the current year, have more than re
deemed the promises made then, and are enjoying a
of prosperity never before seen. Manufac
tured articles are continually rising in price, while of
kite the tendency in some of the more important farm
products has been rather downward than otherwise,
i .wing exclusively to the abundance of the crops.
Some lines, such as fruit and wool, are active at
good prices, but cereals have lately been weak. Raw
Lotton. too. has weakened off, owing to rain in the
South, though the condition of the Texas crop is
still far from satisfactory. These are about the only
exceptions to the almost general record of the lively
markets.
Iron and steel, of course, lead all other products
in activity and strength, and the demand for them con
tinues unabated. Foreign countries are ordering
American locomotives and bridges, while the domestic
demand is simply immense, a good part of the pro-
ductive capacity of the country for the first half of
jyoo being already engaged. It was thought, several
months ago, that there would be a halt in this de
mand, but it is as excited as ever. Add to this the
continued firmness in hardwood lumber, and it will
readily be seen that everything made out of iron and
wood is likely to be high from now on.
Cotton and woolen fabrics scored another advance
in August under a brisk call for goods. Hides and
leather and boots and shoes arc reported selling
quickly at firm prices, though keen competition in the
two latter descriptions keeps the margin of . profit
down to a narrow limit. Reports of an expected ces
sation of hemp shipments from the Philippines has
advanced the prices of rope and other hempen prod
ucts. Lumber retains its former activity and firm
ness. In fact, the industrial situation is in excep
tionally fine fettle, employment being general and
strikes few and unimportant.
The country's bank clearings continue to show a
gain over iX->X. though the increase has been less prn
r.ounced of late. Last week it was T3.9 per cent,
< >maha being the only city of importance to exhibit,
a decrease. Failures were the smallest for a long
time, being only 131. against 164 for the same week
last year.
Locally there is no halt. The export business of
San Francisco is still so active that everybody is
grumbling over the lack of vessels. The hay mer
chants have large orders for the Hawaiian Islands
which cannot be filled through want of freight room
on the vessels engaged in the island trade, and this is
but one of many instances. The local cattle market
is still distinguished by high, prices for all meats, and
the importation of nineteen cars of hogs from Ari
zona the other day produced no effect whatever on
the market. The fruit glut is over, and prices for can
ning fruit have bounded back to their previous high
level, while dried fruits and raisins are feeling the
effect of a steady demand for the East and abroad.
As for canned fruit, most of this season's output was
sold months ago. Wool and hops are selling at good
;-rices. and only the cheapness of hay and grain de
tracts from the general prosperity of the farmer. As
for merchandise, the local merchants are doing a
larger wholesale business than for years, and every
few days an advance in something or other is an
nounced. It is the best year in general trade that we
have had since 180.2.
English newspapers have repeatedly asked why the
farmers in the colonies prefer implements of American
lo those of British manufacture. The answer from
the antipodes is because the United States makes the
be#. Now, will the insular press be quiet!
Dr. Pardee of Oakland has a firm conviction that
the sole purpose of the existence of the State Board
of Equalization is to raise hades. And the board was
unkind enough to show an inclination to raise Oak
land property values.
England's avowed purpose of interference in the
Transvaal is the protection of her subjects abroad.
She is probably thinking of a future generation if re
ports of Boer marksmanship be correct.
A HAPPY LABOR DAY.
LABOR day should this year be celebrated with
more than usual merriment and gratification. It
has been a prosperous year for America. The
workingmen of all trades and of nearly all sections of
the Union have been rewarded with more abundant
: earnings than for many a year past, and. moreover,
all prospects of the future are bright and promising.
The establishment of an annual holiday for the pur
pose of providing a special festival for workingmen
| and for consideration by the thoughtful of the dignity
| of labor and the rightful honor due to those who en
| gage in it, is in itself an evidence of the growing
| power and influence of workingmen in the social
i structure of civilization. The celebrations of the
; people are not to be confined to the commemoration
of military virtues anc victories only, but are here
after to be accorded to mark also the public esteem
I for the strong sons of toil who build up a nation and
i establish its independence and it? prosperity upon a
j firmer foundation than can be laid by any war how
: ever triumphant and glorious.
The workingmen of the United States are now
i winning victories which have become the marvels of
the industrial and commercial world. The products
: of their skill and labor are finding markets in every
part of the globe and are bringing to the republic
an annual increase in wealth far vaster than was ever
extorted by the greatest conqueror in history from
' unwilling subjects. So long as our workingmen are
: furnishing not only the products of mechanical skill
i but machinery itself to the world at large, supplying
: locomotives for Russia, electrical apparatus for Great
Rritain. mill machinery to Germany, iron bridges for
the Soudan and for India, agricultural implements
for South America and Australia and mining ma
chinery for South Africa, we need not tax ourselves
to provide for commercial expansion at the cost of
war.
Our best and most profitable victories in the past
have been along lines of industrial development, and
i we have only to go forward on that same ascending
pathway to attain all the grandeur a true patriot can
de-ire. The American workingman has served his
country well in every emergency. He has been evfr
ready to lay aside the tools of his trade for the
I weapons of war when it became necessary, and many
and renowned are the victories attained as much by
his indomitable valor as by the skill of the generals
: who commanded, but after all his most useful as well
: as his noblest service has been in what he has ac
complished by labor to improve the conditions of so
ciety and make the ways of life better for those who
are to come after him.
Assessor Dalton of Alameda says that everybody
considers it necessary to try to rob the Government
; He might at least have had the courtesy to admit
that some people do not live in his county.
Commander Taussig of the gunboat Bennington
thought he knew more about running the fleet at Ma
nila than Admiral Watson, and said so. He has been
ordered home to think it over.
THE PARCELS POST SYSTEM
BY a convention agreed upon between Post
master General Smith and a special German
envoy, Dr. Munira yon Schwarzenstein, there
will be put into operation between the United States
and Germany on October i a postal service by means
of which articles of merchandise may be exchanged
by mail between the two countries, provided they are
put up in packages which do not exceed eleven
pounds in weight. The postage rate for parcels going
f<-om the United States to Germany is fixed at i->
cent- for each pound or fraction of a pound. The
rate in Germany on parcels for the United States is
fixed at 2 marks 40 pfennigs a parcel, whatever its
weight, but a reduced rate of 1 mark 60 pfennigs may
be adopted for a parcel not exceeding in weight one
kilogram, equivalent to two pounds three ounces.
There has been in operation for some time a par
cels post system between the United States and sev
eral countries in Central and South America and
with the West India islands, but the new convention
extends the system for the first time to a European
country. It is not improbable similar arrangements
with other nations in Europe will rapidly follow, for
the need of a general parcels post system with the
great commercial countries of the globe has long been
felt and repeated efforts have been made to accom
plish it.
The opposition to such an international system for
the transmission of small parcels has come almost
wholly from our own country. The Germans proposed
such an arrangement as far back as 1885. and France,
Great Britain and other nations have made similar
proposals, but until the convention now agreed upon
with Germany was effected nothing came of them ex
cept diplomatic negotiations. The objection on the
part of our Government was largely due to the hos
tility of American express companies and to the fear
that the interchange of merchandise by post would
be more to the advantage of Europe than of our own
people. We have now. however., built up so large an
export trade to Europe in articles of all kinds it will
be of advantage to our merchants and manufac
turers to be able to send samples of goods to Euro
pean dealers at a small expense, and hence the estab
lishment of an international post has been urged of
late with considerable force in all of our large cities.
It is a foregone conclusion the extension of the
parcels post to Europe will be followed by a demand
for the introduction of the system within the limits
of our own country. If a package weighing eleven
pounds can be sent through the mails from San
Francisco to Berlin why not from San Francisco to
Stockton? The requirements for such a system in
foreign trade are as nothing in comparison with the
needs of domestic trade.
•It is true such a system of transmitting small
parcels would to some extent cut into the business of
express companies, but when the Government estab
lished the postal money order office it to an equal ex
tent interfered with the business of bankers. The re
sults of the money order system, however, have proved
wholly satisfactory. They have been beneficial to
the public and have not injured the bankers enough
to close up a single banking institution. It can hardly
be doubted the results of a cheap parcels post would
be of a similar nature. There is no reason why we
should deprive ourselves of a great public conven
ience simply out of deference to express companies.
The issue is one that cannot be avoided, and it is safe
to say the convention for a parcels post between this
country and Germany will eventually lead to the es
tablishment of the system throughout the Union.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE FAIR
NOT to be outdone by any other body of men in
this year of big tilings, the directors of the Me
chanics' Institute have provided at the Institute
| Fair an industrial exhibit of far more than ordinary
attractiveness and value, and, like the State Fair at
Sacramento, it will prove a record-breaker in the way
of such expositions.
A striking feature of the exhibit is that made of the
i Philippines, and it will be noted as not only a novelty
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1899.
for sight-seers but as a timely illustration of a form
of Oriental civilization which is of political and com
mercial interest to us at this time.
Notwithstanding the attractiveness of the foreign
display, however, the main value and interest in the
fair is in the showing it makes of California industries
and the evidence it affords of an increasing variety
and excellence of the work. The one point of indus
trial development in which we lag is that of manu
facturing. Our rural industries are carried on with
a higher degree of skill and with better results than
those of any other State in the Union, but we are still
lsrge exporters of raw material and importers of
manufactured goods, many of which are made of the
very material sent out of the State to be manufac
tured. Every exhibition, therefore, which tends to
stimulate interest in California' factories and to in
crease the popular demand for home goods is of
more than ordinary benefit.
Throughout the whole Union the year has been
one of such prosperity that a larger degree o,f suc
cess than usual in enterprises of any kind is not sur
prising. Improvements are to be seen on all sides
and are no longer matters of much comment. Never
theless, the Mechanics' Institute has accomplished
what will be regarded as a marked success even in
this prosperous year, and the exhibits will well repay
not only sight-seeing, but careful study.
THE Presidential commission appointed to pre
pare a code and government for Porto Rico has
made its report. The system proposed permits
no elections, and prohibits to the people the right of
voting or selection of any of the officers set over
them, and gives them no voice whatever in the gov
ernment set up to 'rule them. They are denied the
right of trial by jury except in felonies and civil cases
involving more than $500. The President of the
United States is to appoint a Governor General. In
the county, township and city government provided
the higher officers are to be appointed by the Presi
dent, and the others by the Governor General, and
these in their turn appoint the lesser officers. Eng
lish only is to be taught in the schools, for which it
is provided that only American teachers shall be em
ployed, and is to be the official language.
The commission recommends that the system be
installed at once by "Presidential decree" in order to
forestall Congressional action. The reason given for
this extraordinary recommendation is that if Congress
enact laws for Porto Rico the status of the island
would be changed and it would become "a part of the
constitutional territory of the United States."
It is recommended that Congress empower the
President to make tariffs between this country and
Porto Rico and vote to him a fund to be used in con
verting the island currency into its equivalent in our
money, which is to be substituted for it.
The report will be a surprise to Americans. Here
tofore it has been argued that Congress can govern
territory of the United States without regard to the
requirements of the constitution. This commission
goes a long leap beyond that and proposes to fix the
status of Porto Rico as no part of United States ter
ritory at all, in order to bar Congress from legisla
tion concerning it. Its government is to be by "de
cree" of the President, who is the source of all
patronage and controls the appointment originally, or
through his appointees, of every officer and school
teacher in an amorphous and anonymous political
community, whose people have not even a whisper in
the direction of their own affairs.
This authority of the President is not to be under
the control of Congress at all, nor is it found in the
constitution under which he is elected to his office.
His '"decree" is the equivalent of the ukase of the
Czar and the firman of the Sultan. For the exer
cise of this power he is not responsible to any body.
For its abuse he cannot be impeached. Congress can
not call upon him to account for any act in Porto
Rico. There he is an absolute monarch, an autocrat,
less accountable than the Czar.
The proposed plan is more than a surprise. The
country has been educated in the belief that Con
gress would govern our newly acquired territory. The
accompanying qualification that it would not look to
the constitution for its power to do so was at first
disquieting, but this feeling passed away in the re
flection that Congress would be accountable to the
people. To snub Congress utterly is a proposition
so novel as to be monstrous. The commission was
appointed by the President, and no doubt has re
flected his will and obeyed his instructions. The re
port means that the same system will be applied to
the Philippines, and that the constitutional President
of the republic will be the irresponsible ruler of twelve
of fifteen millions of people, voiceless and voteless in
their own affairs, with their government carried on
and justice administered in a language with which they
are not familiar, and with no appeal to any power on
earth beyond their irresponsible ruler.
It has been often announced during the last year
that our authorities at Washington were studying the
British colonial system and Were being tutored therein
at the British legation. Perhaps it would have been
better to study our own system of constitutional and
responsible government.
A COMMERCIAL MUSEUM.
T~N HILADELPHIA by the establishment of a
L ) comprehensive commercial museum accom
* plished one of the most notable successes of her
history. Hardly any enterprise undertaken by an
American city of late years has been more extensively
commented upon or has proved more useful. At the
present time merchants and manufacturers of even
such great cities as New York and Chicago go to
Philadelphia to acquire at the museum the informa
tion they need in extending their trade with foreign
countries.
San Francisco has an opportunity of achieving on
this coast a repetition of the success attained by
Philadelphia on the Atlantic side of the continent.
It can be accomplished without anything like the ex
penditure of time and of money required for the up
building of the museum in the Eastern city, for San
Francisco will be able to profit both directly and in
directly by what has been done in the original enter
prise.
It is announced that the directors of the Phila
delphia museum will gladly co-operate with our own
people in establishing here a branch of the enter
prise, and from out of the large stores of exhibits in
that city would furnish enough to start a museum
here. The proposition, it is pleasing to note, has
been taken up by the Merchants' Association and a
special committee appointed to consider ways and
means for carrying it out. The movement is, there
fore, in good hands, and if a general support be given
we shall probably have before long as one of the at
tractive and instructive features of the city a com
mercial museum second only to that of Philadelphia
The value of such a museum can hardly be over
rated. That much has been proved by the use made
of the exhibits in Philadelphia. San Francisco, as the
American metropolis of the Pacific Ocean, ought to
have a commercial museum of the trade of that ocean,
and it is to be hoped it will be provided promptly.
THE PORTO RICO CODE.
MINING ENGINEERS.
BOOMS IN OIL FIELDS.
FINDS IN THE HILLS.
A marked degree of interest, is being
shown In the mining counties and by ac
tive mining men in San Francisco in the
coming annual meeting of the American
Institute of Mining Engineers which be
gins in this city on the 25th mat. and lasts
three days. The preparations for it and
for the liberal entertainment of the
guests are engaging much of the time of
E. H. Benjamin, secretary of the Califor
nia Miners' Association, and other mcm
i bors of the executive and reception com
; mittees, the latter of which has Vice
| President W. C. Ralston for its chairman.
The prospects of the meeting and the
present status of the preparations for let
ting these distinguished mining men know
more of California's mineral greatness
axe reviewed as follows by Secretary
| Benjamin, who represents the secretary
j of the institute, Rossiter W. Raymond of
i New York, in arranging the programme
I at this end:
"The last advices 1 received from Secre
tary Raymond as to the number of the
members of the institute who would make
the trip, were a month ago and at that
time 178 had written that they would at
tend," says Mr. Benjamin. "The number
will undoubtedly be larger and the mem
bers in California and the rest of the im
mediate coast region will increase the
membership attending the meeting and
the trips about tiie State. There will be
also quite a number of ladies and otner
friends of the members who will come
along. The total membership of the insti
tute includes 2344 active, 172 associate, 37
foreign and 11 uonorary members. It in
cludes the most distinguished scientific
workers in the mining field and represents
the best ability and character in the pro
fession of mining engineering, which is
enabling the industry to make such rapid
strides in these days. At the meetng it
self there will be the usual number of im
portant technical papers and discussions
and then several clays will be given to
seeing as much as possible of the Cali
fornia mining Held from north to south.
"The people of the mining counties to
be visited are appreciating the importance
of those visits and are showing a keen
Interest in them. 1 am constantly receiv
ing inquiries as to the exact time when
the party will arrive in their localities,
how much time will be given them, how
many there will be and so on. The county
miners' associations, Boards of Super
visors and other leading citizen's are ready
and anxious to extend true minors' hospi
tality to the Visitors, to show them what
mining is and may he in thoir regions
and to help make the California meeting
the most int-erestlng one the institute has
held. At many places the party will be
feasted and driven about to leading mines
and other places of interest and several
counties are getting up special local min
ing exhibits and preparing special pam
phlets on their mining resources for the
benefit of the visitors. Shasta. Trinity
and Siskiyou counties will probably have
a Joint display ready at Redding. One is
being got together at Oroville. and others
are planned in some of the mother lode
counties to be visited.
"1 would like to see one impression cor
rected—and that is that those people are
coming here to buy mints and that there
will be a chance fi>r promoters to float
mining schemes, bir and little. A few
peopie have that idea, . ut they are com
ing on a pleasure trip and for the pro
fessional benefits of the annual meeting.
We want to show them as much as pos
sible of our mines and mining possibili
ties, but we don't want them bored by
promoters.
"The Eastern members will come by
way of Chicago and tho Northern route
in a special train of from seven to ten
cars, which will be met at Montague,
near the State line, by the reception com
mittee on Saturday, the 2:! d. at noon.
Sunday will be spent at Kedding until 11
p m. a visit in the meantime being made
to the smelters of the Mountain Copper
Company at Keswick.
"San Francisco will be reached at S:ls
a. m. of Monday, the 25th. They will go
to the Palace Hotel, which will be the
headquarters of the reception committee
of tho California Min>rs' Association,
which will provide handsome decorations
and which may be trust. -d t<> look well
after the comforts and pleasures of the
guests here The sessions of the meeting
will be held on Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday In the Marble room of the
Palace, ending at noon of Wednesday.
There will be no excursions to interfere
with the sessions, but any who wish to
may see the points of interest in and
about the city during this time.
"In the afternoon of the 27th the sight
seeing trips will begin witti a visit to the
College of Mines of the State University
and then a run by special train to the
Selby Smelting Works up the bay shore.
In the evening there will be a banquet. at
the Palace.
"On the 28th the special train will leave
Third and Townscnd streets at S:?0 a. m.
Stanford University and the Palo Alto
stock farm will t*e seen and the Vendome
at San Jose reached for luncheon about
noon. At 2 p. m. the party will start in
carriages for the Lick Observatory, a spe
cial night there being reserved. San Jose
will be reached again that night.
"For Friday, the 29th, two alternate ex-^
cursions are arranged. There will be one
to the New Almaden quicksilver mines
and one to Del Monte, returning that
evening. At 10:30 p. m. the whole party
will leave for Col fax, Placer County, By
way of Niles.
"On the 30th Colfax will be reached at
7:30 a. m. and from there a special train
on the narrow-gauge will take the party
to Grass Valley and Nevada City, where
Saturday and Sunday will be spent as
guests of the citizens and where the im
portant mines will be visited.
"On October 2 Dutc , Flat will be reached
via Colfax and the Polar Star hydraulic
mine visited. Auburn will he reached at
noon and a luncheon provided by the peo
ple enjoyed. Sacramento will be visited
that afternoon and then the train will
start for Orovllle, which will be reached
during the night.
"October 3 will be spent in and about
Orovllle and the gold dredges will be in
spected.
"lone will be reached next forenoon and
from there conveyances will be taken for
Sutter Creek, Amador County. That and
the next day. October 6. will be spent In
seeing the deep mines of the mother lode
about Sutter Creek and Jackson, such as
the Kennedy, Argonaut, Oneida and the
rest, and on to Valley Springs, the ter
minus of the narrow-gauge road, which
will be reached late on the sth, and from
where the party will go to Jamestown via
Lodi.
"Two days will be spent seeing the Tuol
umne County mines and other attractions
in the region about Jamestown and So
nora. When Valley Springs Is reached
those who wish to see more of the mother
lode may take conveyances and go by
road across Calaveras County, through
San Andreas, Angels Camp and Robin
sons Ferry. People of Calaveras County
are anxious to take a party that way and
a number will probably go, joining the
rest of the party at Jamestown.
"Leaving Jamestown Saturday evening,
October 7, the party will divide. Those
who wish may enjoy a four days' trip to
the Yosemite. The others will see the
raisin vineyards about Fresno on Sunday
and they will see them right in the
harvest season.
"October 9 the Coalinga oil fields will be
briefly visited and then the train will start
for Southern California.
"On October 10 the oil field at Santa
Paula, Ventura County, will be seen and
then the Oxnard sugar refinery, the
Snmmerland oil field and oanta Barbara.
Leaving Santa Barbara at 4 p. m., Los
Angeles will be reached at S p. m.
"Santa Monica will be visited on Wed
nesday, the 11th.
"On the 12th Pasadena and Mount
Lowe will be seen and in the evening the
Yosemite party will arrive at Los An.
geles and the home trip will be begun.
"This tour of the State will give the
\ visitors a delightful experience and a gen
eral understanding of the extent of its
i mineral resources. They will be able to
learn a good deal of the mineral regions
not visited in various wayp. They will
have one source of general information in
a book of nearly 500 pages descriptive of
the California mining industry, which the
association is preparing as a souvenr of
the meeting. It will contan valuable arti
cles by able mining authorities, reviews
of the mineral resources of the most im
portant mining counties and over a hun
dred Illustrations, and it will be hand
somely printed and bound. A copy will
be sent to every member of the institute.
"This visit will nut California In elOMr
touch with these people, some of whom
bare been here before, but most of whom ;
have only read about the State's mining
industry. They cannot fail to receive
good impressions which will be of much
benefit to the industry here. They are
not, as a rule, investors in mines them- :
selves, but they advise and direct capital
and while there may be no immediate re
turns easily seen it will result in the at
tention of more capital bring drawn to
this field. They will learn that California
is not even half prospected yet, especially
In regard to minerals other than goM.
We have vast quantities of economic min
erals undeveloped and unprospected and
this is especially true of. copper.
"The possible benefits are not to b»
judged by the numbers who come. It will
not be a miscellaneous gathering (if peo
ple of diverse interests, but of men in
telligently and keenly interested in one
industry. The few agricultural experts,
who recently studied the State, will indl
rectly bring greater benefits than a large
fraternal convention. There are many
ways in which this meeting will result
in good to the State. There will be a good
deal written about California mining here
and elsewhere. Here in California par
ticular attention will be directed to the
mining field and our mining opportunities
and the importance of the industry to the
State will be advertise.! at home as they
need to be. Those mining communities
that stir themselves to welcome the visi
tors and set forth their mining resources
are better off for their display of enter
prise and energy and the advertising they
accomplish will spread a Long ways be
yond the circle it is directly intended for.
"The coming of the institute was due
to the efforts of the executive committee
of the California Miners' Association and
this may be noted as a small item of evi
dence of the value of the association and
of the fact which many do not appreciate,
that it does not confine its interest and
efforts to any special part of the mining
field, hut broadly represents the interests
of the whole industry and does all It can
for it. With a membership of over 9000
of the mining population of the State It
is of course the proper host of those who
come at its invitation and it is finding
everywhere a very cordial co-operation In
its plans to extend true California hospi
tality to the distinguished guests."
The oil Industry booms right ahead, and
this year will see a great increase in the
State's petroleum product. In the Coal
inga field no new wells are reported pro
ducing, but the few producers at Oil City
are yielding from 400 to 1000 barrels a day,
and about 60,000 barrels a month are be
ing shipped. Five new derricks were in
process of erection near Oil City last
week. The California Oil Exchange is n*>\v
ready for business in the Stock Exchange
building in Pine street, and its formation
has already sent up the stocks of several
companies. In the Ran Joaquin VaUey the
excitement is as keen as ever, and the
Incorporation of companies, some to pros
pect for oil and some to sell stock, is as
active as ever.
The boom is large in Southern Califor
nia, stimulated by the big advance in
prices. Of Los Angeles prices the Times
says: "On the Los Angeles market prices
during the past week have remained firm
at $1 ' ! " a barrel f. o. b. cars, and from
$1 15 to ?1 23 in the field. Holders still look
forward to seeing prices go to $1 50 f. o. b.
cars, but they add that at those figures
it will remain stationary, and that noth
ing higher need be expected."
In the Los Angeles lit Id attention cen
ters in the prospecting of what is belived
to be a western extension of the field. Oil
producers are rapidly securing lands in
the supposed extension, near Hoover
street, between First and Sixth streets,
and the Los Angeles product may be
again increased. A number of wells are
being put down.
The strain and excitement at Santa Bar
bara and neighboring suburbs, along the
beaches of which enterprising oil prospect
ors are putting up big derricks, continues.
Montecito is the latest fashionable suburb
to call for vigilance committees to protect
its restful beauty from industrial avarice.
The latest situation is thus set forth by a
Santa Barbara correspondent of the Los
Angeles Times:
"A terrible furor was raised in Monte
cito this afternoon by a transfer of 150 feet
of beach land belonging to a wealthy man
named Humphrey to Cody & Nelson, who
have made themselves prominent here by
pushing the matter of oil drilling on the
beach. The consideration in the present
transfer is said to have been $150. As the
land is located less than a quarter of a
mile from the Country Club, and close to
several pieces of land held as pleasure
grounds for picnics, bathing and boating,
the Montecito people are gTeatly con
cerned. This is the most serious move
yet made by the beach oil men. The pur
chasers assert that they will begin work
at once, and that nothing can stop them.
The probability is that the derricks they
put Up will not remain standing for fortv
eight hours. The fact has been closely
guarded, but a vigilance committee has
been secretly organized, every member of
which has agreed to fight the oil derricks
with violence if need be. This committee
has as members many of the best men in
Santa Barbara and Montecito. They have
determined to prevent the ruin of the
beach by force if they cannot act by law.
Humphrey is a man of means, and his
course is condemned, as it is said that he
will not only ruin his own property, but
all that around him, including Miramar,
the Country Club, several pleasure hold
lngs and the bathing at El Montecito." /»
An important discovery of kaolin, a pot
tery clay, is reported by the San Diego
Union to have been made in El Cajon
Mountain, about twenty miles east of San
Diego, some time ago by Charles String,
a prospector and miner, who is nego
tiating a sale for some large sum. Sev
eral locations cover the deposit, which
Eastern and Japanese experts are report
ed to have said is of exceptionally fine
quality. Mr. String has sunk a shaft nine
ty-five feet deep through the kaolin depos
its. The valuable clay extends from the
surface to a depth of eighty feet, and
from Indications on the surface has a
great width.
Two or three years ago the Ohio State
Mining Company was formed to get
riches out of the San Joaqin River above
Mlllerton in Fresno County by diverting
the stream. Twice a dam went away be
fore the gold came out and now it is
reported that success is at hand for this
week. The point at which the waters
will be diverted from the main channel
of the river is about three miles above
Milierton and just above the mouth of
Fine Gold Creek. The river flows through
the gorge formed of perpendicular walls
of rock. Just below the gorge at the
mouth of Fine Gold Creek is an eddy
This eddy is In one of those big "holes
In a stream's bedrock that are now and
then supposed to have caught Immense
quantities of gold and which here and
tnere lure much money and labor. This
San Joaquin River pocket has by some
people been supposed to hold "millions"
for the people who can get the water out
for a few hours.
C. W. Pauly. receiver for the Golden
Cross mines, has applied to the Superior
Court of San Diego County for permis
sion to erect a cyanide plant at the mines
for the purpose of working over the tail-
Ings, the value of which, it is estimated,
is $900,000. Hearing on the application has
been set for September 4.
The business and professional men of
Nevada City are going to organize a lo
cal mining exchange for the purpose of
placing the desirable mines of this dis
trict before the world, says the Grass
Valley Tidings. They will engage an ex
pert to examine all mines proposed to
them, thus doing away with the services
of an outside expert, who usually does
more harm than good. J. O. DENNY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
B. H. Burton, the "Willows banker, Is a
guest at the Lick.
E. E. Biggs, cashier of the Bank of
Gridley, is at the Grand.
H. D. C. Barnhart, a wealthy ranch
owner of Stockton, is at the Lick.
E. E. Martin, a mining man of Magalia,
is spending a few days at the Grand.
A. T. Stewart and wife of Grass Valley
registered at the Occidental yesterday.
H. T. Compton. a well-known civil en
gineer and railroad man of Stockton, is at
the Lick.
Ex-Congressman James A. Louthltt of
Stockton was among yesterday's arrivals
at the Lick.
G. D. Plato, a well-known Modesto boat
chant, is spending a few days in this city.
He is at the Lick.
Jesse D. Carr. the Salinas capitalist is
spending a few days at the Occidental
V. G. a well-known merclumt
of Sutler Creek, was among yesterday s
arrivals at the Grand.
John M. Btrelning, a prominent canner
and fruit grower of Santa Rosa, is stop
ping with his family at the Grand. •
T. Maehida. a wealthy leather merchant
of Tokio, Japan, arrived yesterday and Is
stopping at the Occidental.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Sept. 3. -Theodore tans
and wife of San Francisco are at the Sl.
Denis. Henry Neumeyer Jr. of Los An
geles is at the Marlborough. Mrs. C. W.
Rawlings of Oakland is at the Morton.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES
Unfavorable reports of the D'Entrecas
teaux still continue, notwithstanding the
efforts to make her somewhat nearly the
ilated efficiency. Besides being short
two knots of the intended speed it is re
ported that owing to very faulty ventila
tion the hold of the ship was so hot when
under steam that it was deemed safest to
sail with empty magazines. The ship is
now on the Chtr.a station.
The Russian battleship Kniaz Potemkin
Taveitchesky will try a novelty in the ar
j rangement of its sixteen 6-inch quick
firers. They are to be placed on double
I mountings, so that one crew can manage
\ a pair of guns, and each of the two guns
'■ practically bears on exactly the came
! spot. This would ?"fm to double the hits,
i but it also doubles the misses, and the
i only advantage appears to be that a
: smaller crew is require,]. On the other
\ hand, a shot may disable both guns.
The Vickers Shipbuilding and Armfl
' ment Company of England has ordered
' four cantilever shipyard cranes from
; makers in the I'nii. B tea, and the
[Austrian Navy Departmeni -as ordered
| one of this type of cranes, to be located
at the dockyard at Trieste. The New
port News shipyard was the flrsi to Intro
duce this labor-saving appliance, by which
! frames, beams, plates and other weights
are hoisted up from the ground and then
deposited at either end or side of the ship
!on the stocks. The cantilever crane is
also extensively used in shipyards on the
northern lakts.
A new schedule of pay of supervising
officers (inspectors) of work in British
dockyards is shortly to go into effect.
The highest pay will be that of inspector::;
of shipwrights, of electrical fitters, hy
draulic work and of pattern-makers, who
will receive $<«0 to $850 per annum. The
other trade inspectors range from $500 to
$750. The inspectors are divided into three
classes, and their duties correspond with
those of foremen in our yards. There is,
however, this difference, that the British
inspector receives about 50 per cent more
pay than the best workman under his con
trol, while in our navy the difference be
tween workmen's and foremen's pay is
not so great.
A recent dispatch from London giving a
bare outline account of a new type of bat
tleship to be built from the design of Sir
Edwin White is being vigorously contra
dicted by the principal London papers.
They assert that the ship described as a
novelty of design is one out of four de
nominated as the Duncan class, one of
which was begun some months ago at
Devonport, and that these ships are not
different to any great extent fmrn the
ocean type all of which are afloat. The
statement that the Government was about
to build a lfi^j-inch wire-wound gun,
weighing 62 tons, is also contradicted,
there being no intention to make larger
guns for naval use than those of 12 inches.
An armored cruiser, to be named the
Marsellaise, is to be begun shortly at
Brest. She is to be a triple-screw, to de
velop a speed of 21 knots, and of the fol
lowing dimensions: Length, 453 feet;
breadth, 66 feet; draught, about 27 feet,
on which the displacement will be 10,014
tons The armor consists of a continuous
belt." of six-inch maximum thickness.
' above which the battery is protected by
I r^i-inch armor. The protective deck is
! 2 inches thick, and the turrets 7% inches.
The armament is composed of two 7.6
--inch eight 6.4-inch, six 3.0-inch, eighteen
175-inch and six 1.5-inch rapid-firing guns.
! The normal coal carried is 970 tons, and
! the bunkers have a capacity of 1590 tons.
Her estimated cost, complete, is $4,200,000.
General George Willis of the British
; army has remonstrated against the pub
! lieation of Brassey's Naval Annual, and
j says he is unable to understand how the
i British Government would permit the is
i suance of this publication. He asserts
i that Brassey's contains information con
! cerning the British navy which should not
i be known, and that the secrets and weak
I points of naval defense at Portsmouth
i were revealed. It Is evident that General
' Willis' reading Is very limited when he
! picks Brassey's Annual out as the sole
' means of information relating to navies
j and coast defenses. Mr. Brassey does not
! confine his criticism to British ships alone,
► and The Engineer, Engineering and Lon
don Times are his authorities for home af
fairs. As to foreign naval information
there is no lack of it in France, Germany,
Italy and Russia, and while but little of
the United States navy can be gathered
from American papers, the London Engin
eer and The Engineering contain early and
authentic information in detail about
Uncle Sam's projected vessels. General
Willis' criticism has fallen flat, for Rear
Admiral Beresford has since expressed hia
approbation of Brassey's Annual and
commended its usefulness.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SWEDISH PIE— A. O. S., City. None
of the published cook books contain the
receipt for making a Swedish pork pie.
PALMISTRY— J. E., San Rafael, Cal.
The be<t method for sending: the lines of
the hand to a palmist is to have the palm
of the hand photographed.
HAWAll— Subscriber, City. It "was on
the 18th of April. 1893, that the United
States flag at Hawaii was hauled down by
order of Commissioner Blount.
LE DROIT HUMAIN-Mae, Greenville.
Cal. This correspondent desires the ad
dress of a woman's lodge in Paris known
as "Le Proit Humaln." There is no record
of such a lodge in the directory of that
city.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb atTownsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 010 Mont
gomlry street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The construction of a cigar box may
seem to be a very simple matter, but the
box passes through nineteen different
processes before It is ready to receive the
cigars. __
" Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup "
! Has been used for fifty years by million* qt
i mothers for their children while Teething with
j perfect success. It soothes the child. softMM
i the sums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, rera
l i a tes the Bowels and is the best remedy for
I Diarrhoea?, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by drug-gists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mra.
j Winslow'g Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL, COKOXADO- Take advantage
of the round trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply at i New
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL.
SUNDAY CALL wrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.COIL SHIPS AREE
SCARCE, SO FUEL
MAY BE DEARER
Much Supply Taken
by Transports.
HOSPITAL SHIP RELIEF READY
UNCLE SAM MAY IGNORE THE
LOCAX INSPECTORS.
The Battleship lows May Make a
Cruise on Pugret Sound — Czar
ina and the Log Raft
Spoken.
Coal will evidently be dearer this win
ter, and dealers will have some trouble In
keeping up their supplies. Vessels to car
ry the fuel are very hard to charter, and
the demand? made on the supply by the
United States army transports prevent
th? storing of any quantity In the yards.
Nearly every collier that reaches port
either puts her r a rgo direct Into a waiting
steamer or it goes into the wagons of the
•merchants.
A: the present time the supply la just
about equal to the demand, but during the
Winter months the consumption will be
doubled, and at the present time there is
BOUND FOR THE CANNIBAL ISLANDS.
The brig Harriet G sailed from San Francisco on July 29 for New Britain. She has aboard the first general cargo
ttle-known spot. New Britain lies off the coast of German, New Guinea, and the
natives are reported to be very treacherous and also very partial to human flesh. Captain Wayland and his crew will,
therefore, take very little shore liberty and none of them will make excursions into the interior of the island.
some doubt a? to how the supply will be '
obtained. Nearly all the regular coal car
rlera have gone off shore, and several of
:: -rs have teen taken off the
Puget Sound run and turned into trans- ;
Freights on foreign coal are ptead
■vancing, and with very few vessels I
rry 'the domestic article the pros
pects for an advance in th* price of fuel
B.rf pood. Harrison's coal circular says:
"There are several steamers en route ,
which will be called Into requisition aa
coal transports, due here in sixty or nine
ty da> s. With the aid of these we shall ,
probably tide over our difficulties, al
though it is sailing too close to the wind
for comfort."
Of the steamers on the way the Mattf>a
wan is now out 110 days from N<
Bhe is having hard luck. On July .
grounded on the Satellite Patch, in the
Magellan, and put back to Pun
ta Arenas leaking, ft I make
temporary repairs, and on August 5 she
again for San Francisco. She will
probably make another stop at Valparaiso,
wh»-re some permanent repair
made. Other vessels n- I n the coast
c Norwegian steamer Guernsey, the
British st'-am-rs Lennox and Flintshire
end the Norwegian steamers Aker and
TellUS. The latter vessel is coming to ',
Dunsmuir's Sons and the Lennox to the
Oregon Railway and Navigation Corn-
All these steamers are being drawn ■
from the trade in the Orient, the Mattae
ADVERTISEMENT S.
Bo Bad that Water Would Ooze Out
and ■rop on the Floor. Hands
Full of Water Blisters. Doctor
Could Not Relieve. First Applica-
tion of CUTICURA Stopped Itch-
Ing and Induced Sleep. Cured in
On© Month.
I had eczema on my hands so bad that when I
shut them, the matter would ooze out and drop
00 the floor. My hands were full of water bun-
W. of • white color. I was under the care of a
doctor for about a month, but he did me no good
1 was advised to try Coticuka remedies, aud
did so. and it wu wonderful what effect they
had. The fir it application ttopprd that dreadful
itching. i slept at once, was aired in/our *•*•».
March 21, •». M. A. COSGKIFF, Emerado. .v D.
BABY'S FACFMASS OF SORES
When my little sister was four months old her
cheeks became red and inflamed. Small pimples
broke out over her face and it was one mass ol
*cabs. which almost closed her eye« »nd reached
into the corners of her mouth. For **»WjU
weeks a physician attended her. but she derived
little or do benefit from his treatment, Vie
bought a cake of Ccticcra Soap and a box of
Ccticcra (ointment). Her face healed, she grew
healthy again. KOBA BUItGEK, Solomon, Kan.
BEGIN WITH THE BLOOD
say, Ccticcra Uesoltbnt. the new blood ana
skin purifier and greatest of humor cure*, purges
the blood and circulating fluids *™*°*° B
and thus removes the COM* wmle warm baths
with Ccticcra Soap and gentle anoint ings wan
CmccnA (ointment), greatest of emollient si dn
cure., el-anM the .kin and .calp of crusts and
• calw, allay itching, burning, and inflammation,
eoothe and heal, thus completing the cure.
BABY'S SKIN Be4Lri S|.5 A -a 853?^ b/
wan alone flying the American flag and j
corning from an American port.
The steamer Orizaba arrived from Puget
Sound ports yesterday. She will be used
as an extra vessel by the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company, taking the place of
any of the fleet that may have to lay up
for repairs or meet with an accident. Cap
j tain Green, one of the most pouiar ma? 1
if-r* on the coast, is In command of the
'< Orizaba. He reports that on September
! 1. in latitude 44 degrees 30 minutes north,
; longitude 124 degrees 50 minutes west, the
cr.iMer Czarina whs spoken with the big i
l"g raft in tow. Tliis was about off Aise;, a
Hay. and at that rate of going the Csar
lna and her tow will not get here before
Wednesday.
The four-mastM schooner Transit has j
almost completed loading for Honolulu ,
and will sail this week. Captain P. Jor-
D will go out in command. Captain
E. EHnkle has succeeded Captain ,
j Buchard as master of the steamer Alex
i Duncan.
Donald Ross, late of the firm of Ross &
< Hewitt, has purchased the yacht Ripple :
: from Captain Harry Goodall. "Admiral"
Rosa i."\\ has the yacht at Sausalito. and ,
the latchstring is out of the cabin door for :
j al! his old friends.
There is some talk of the battleship |
: I"wa Koir.g to Seattle on the 15th inst.
' The people on Puu-t Sound have ask.-il
tin se retary of the Navy to allow the
I warship to make a ci B md waters
i for a few weeks. When the lowa waa
' last on thr- Bound sh«- went on the P<Tt
I Orchard drydock, and after beir.u cleaned
I came back to Ban Francisco. S<
i wants her to go up there and remain
awhile so that the people may get a |
look at t: that did such great
work during the Cuban war.
The transport Grant came down from
! the Hunters Point drydock yesterday
by the Warren.
i The hospil . ■ eing got
ready for her trip to Manila. The work of
Ing and pa - - ..-on as though
the Insj s of Hulls and B
n order condemning the
it. Just what
c done v I ma ■ - •
main.- seen. Uncle Sam may
ii :gr.ore ';. - id send the ves
sel out as or lie may
law and remove the hur
ricane de<k. [n i rdinary weather the Re
: lief is perfectly - ' - - Is, but in a ty- ,
phoon her chances of weathering it wouic
be very slight.
Frost-Bitten Sailors Rescued
A dispatch received by the Merchants
Exchange dated London. August 2S. says
"British bark Iredale, which arrived at
Valparaiso. August 26. from Barry, re
ports speaking the British bark Gifford
ardiff for San Francisco, which
had taken from a boat five persons from
the British ship Tekoa from Wellington,
New Zealand, for London., wrecked on
Staten Island, near Cape Horn, August 7.
Adds to her report that sh<
Tekoa's empty lifeboat August 1". and
spoke the Gifford the next day. The Gif
ford proceeded on her way to San Fran
dsco with the r> s'-ued men, who had been
badly frost bitten."
Send the SUNDAY CALL to |
your friends abroad — wrapped *
ready for mailing, 5c per copy. 1
SUNDAY AT THE PARK.
Big Crowds Enjoy a Day's Outing.
Fun at the Chutes.
Big crowds as usual visited the Park
and Cliff yesterday, but not an unusual
incident rippl. i the surface of content
and all enjoyed their outing. There has
not been an accident at the Park for sev
eral weeks, which speaks much for the
r»e'i'ations now being enforced by the
police.
A large number of people were enter
tained at the Chutee. Among the attrac
tions for this week are Philippine battle
scenes takf-n by the Mutoscope company.
These views > ai;sed the greatest enthu
siasm. Adgie and her lions have also
commenced work. 10-day a special pro
gramme will be rendered in honor of
Labor day and big crowds are expected.
Following results of the aqua
tic contests at Sutro Baths: Fifty yards,
!■". Nea] first. Schllccer second.
rds, juvenile— C. La Ausen
first, C. Donovan second. One hundred
yards, amateur— D. Wallace first. D.
Lungen second. Tub race— H. Fisher
C. Augustus second. Spring board
diving— S. Baker first. J. O'Brien second.
Diving. non-professional — C. Donovan
Brat, C. Augustus second.
KNOCKED DOWN BY A CAR.
Narrow Escape of Young Leslie
Spring on Uarket Street.
Leslie Spring, a boy 8 years of ajre, re
siding at 124 Langton street, had a nar
row escape yesterday afternoon from be-
Inj? crushed to death under the wh<-
a Ilaight street car on Market street, op
posite Mason.
The boy was crossing the street and ran
In front of the car. He was struck and
knocked down, the fender crushing his
ri(?ht knee. If it had not b^en for the
promptitude displayed by the grlpman in
stopping the car the boys life would have
paid the penalty. He was draKe^'l from
under the fender by C. McGbrmack
McAllister street, and Victor Fox. 624 Mc-
Allister street, and taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where Dr. Cluness found
that he had escaped with a laceration of
:he right knee, some of the muscles being
njured. The wound was dressed and the
toy «as taken to his home.
Suffered From Hysteria.
Miss Lottie Bainbridge, H2 O'Farrell
street, went to Fifth and Channel streets
yesterday afternoon to see the launch of
a yacht. She was stepping from the gang
plank onto a pile of bricks, -hen she
missed her footing and fell to the ground.
Bhe was taken to the Receiving Hospital
suffering from an attack of hysteria and
complaining of pains in her back. After an
hour or so she was taken home in a hack.
"Sometimes you hear of a perfect
man. He is the fellow your wife could
have married."
THE SA>' FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 4, 1899.
ALL EAGER TO
REACH LUZON'S
BATTLEFIELDS
Two Bis: Regiments
Now Ready.
EACH WANTS TO SAIL FIRST
LAST OF THE THIRTY-FIRST AND
THIRTY-FOURTH HERE.
They Will Probably Leave on the
Transports Sherman and Grant
Within the Next Two
Weeks.
The delayed battalions of the Thirty
first and Thirty-fourth regiments arrived
yesterday at the Presidio. The Third Bat
talion of the Thirty-first, under Major
John E. McMahon, arrived at the OaklaJid
mole Saturday evening, but on account of
the lateness of the hour the men were
on board the train all night and were
marched to camp in the morning. They
w -f. re heartily cheered along the line of
march. The headquarters and band of the
regiment, with Colonel Pettit and one
any of the third battalion, arrived at
the camp Saturday evening.
The Third Battalion of the Thirty-
rourth also arrived yesterday corning,
under command of Major Joseph Wheeler,
son of General Joe Wheeler. It reached
camp about the same time as Major Mc-
Mahon's command, and now the question
arises, Which regiment was here first?
The question is not an important one ex
cept as it bears on the other question—
Which shall leave first? It is claimed the
Thirty-fourth first reported for duty to
the headquarters of the Department of
California, but the Thirty-first claims it
reported just as early, and besides it had
been three days on the road before the
Thirty-fourth started westward.
The first two battalions of the Thirty
first arrived here last Friday under com
mand of Lieutenant Colonel W. C. Hayes.
The battaliuns had started the Saturday
preceding from Fort Thomas, iventucky.
On the way ever they stopped at Denver
just as the Thirty-fourth had assembled
for transportation, and the regiments, or
the vanguards of the regiments, came out
!'r<>m Denver practically together. The
two battalions of ac Thirty-first arrived
in the morning, and the First Battalion of
the Thirty-fourth arrived in the evening.
Since then sections of both regiments have
been arriving.
The first regiment to go will probably
be assigned to the Sherman, a vessel that
will easily take the entire regiment. After
that the Grant or the Hancock will be
available, or perhaps the Columbia, but
the Columbia will not take a full regi
ment of 1300 men, and neither commanuer
is willing to have his command divided if
it can be avoided. They will get away
about September 10 or 12.
Both regiments are camped in the old
casual camp on the ridges and in the hol
lows running down toward the post build
ings from the Pacific street entrance to
the Presidio. Both are fine regiments, and
among them are many who served
through the Cuban campaigns. It is
claimed that In the Thirty-fourth there
are Cuban veterans numerous enough to
make up 40 per cent of the command.
Both regiments are eager to reach the
Philippines as soon as possible.
The Idaho regiment will be mustered
out of the service on the 25th inst. It
has been announced, but not officially,
that the North Dakota men will he mus
tered out on the same day, and that the
Wyoming battalion and the Wyoming
light battery will be mustered out'on the
23d inst.
The men of the First California Regi
ment will give up their arms and equip
ments to-day. The guard turned in its
arms yesterday. From now on the guard
-••'i will be one for the protection of
pn perty only, and consequently it will be
much smaller than it has been.
The Colorado men will be mustered out
on the Sth inst. The rolls of the regimpnt
have been turned in to the paymaster and
the work of. the company commanders has
been finished. The men are only awaiting
the pleasure of the Government and the
coming of the paymaster.
Shoe Salesman Injured.
John J. Puirh, a salesman at J. T. Sul
livan's shoe store, sustained a fracture of
the thiph yesterday afternoon while at
tempting to board a train at Valencia
street station.
The train for I'nion Coursing Park was
a long one, drawn by two engines. These
passed the station at considerable speed
which Pugh miscalculated. He tried to
board a car near the hr-ad of the train,
which stopped a hundred feet beyond'
He was thrown to the ground with great
force, but rolled out of the way of the
wheels. An ambulance was sent for and
the injured man was removed to the City
and County Hospital, where the fracture
was reduced.
On a Fair Way to Recovery.
D. C. McDougall, an attorney from San
ta Rosa, who took an overdose of chloraJ
nt 12^9 Market street Saturday night, re
turned to consciousness yesterday and
the physicians at the Receiving Hospital
now believe that he will recover. Me-
Dougall was at one time a prominent at
torney in Lakeport and since thtn has
had a checkered career.
Miss Stone, having just returned, Is now
ready to show the latest novelties In fall
and winter millinery. Hats from $10 to
$15 a specialty. No cards. 221 Post. •
ST. MATTHEW'S CHURCH IN
SAN MATEO DEDICATED
Formal Consecration of the Sacred Edifice.
THE cornerstone of the new St.
Matthew's Catholic Church, on
East street, between Second and
Third, in San Mateo, was laid yes
terday mornln™ with solemn and im
pressive ceremonies. Archbishop Rlor
dan presided at the dedication services,
which were preceded by high mass In
the old edifice, immediately opposite to
the new site, on which will be reared
one of the most beautiful church
structures In this State. A large con
gregation was in attendance.
Father James A. Cooper, pastor of
Ocean View Church, celebrated the
mass, assisted by Father Patrick J.
Cummings. pastor of St. Patrick's
Church, San Francisco: Father James
A. <"al!aghan, pastor of St. Matthew's
Church, and Father Patrick Mulligan.
After the mass was ended the Arch
bishop delivered a short address, In
which he referred strongly to the old
church which had done its good work
for years and was now to be replaced
by a handsome one for the pur;
bringing all people to eternal glory.
He concluded by commendin~ the work
to the generosity of tne people of the
parinh.
The congregation then filed out and
took seats which had been placed in
front of the foundation of the new
church. A procession Led by Father
Callaghan. followed by the
bearer and several acolytes, the Arch
bishop In full canonicals, attended by
Fathers Cummings and Mulligan,
moved toward a large wooden cross
where the main altar will be erected.
SESSION OF THE
BIMETALLIC
New England's League
Is Active.
THE PRESIDENT ASSAILED
AGUINALDO EULOGIZED BY CON
GRESSMAN LENTZ.
Makes a Very Impassioned Speech,
Arraigning the Philippine
War and the Admin
istration.
Special Dispatch to Trie Call.
PROVIDENCE, Sept. 3.— The first meet
ing of the New England Bimetallic
League was held at Crescent Park this
afternoon. Judge James P. Tarvin of
Kentucky was the first speaker. He said:
It Is well settled that the Chicago platform
of 18S6 will not be mutilated, that the Demo
era national convention of 1900 will adopt
that platform without omissions and independ
ent bimetallism at 16 to 1 will continue to
receive the support of the Democratic organi
zation of the country- The efforts of polit cat
busies in New York City, in Chicago and else-
here to obstruct and to defeat those who de
clared for the laborer and producer before the
holders of capital and organizers of trusts
have miserably failed, and there is nothing
left for them but to choose between the pre
tense of party loyalty and an open transfer
to Republicanism. We will have again the
platform made by the people in IBM, and
there will not be a dissenting voice when Wil
liam J. Bryan Is placed on the platform to
again lead the common and obscure people in
This land to contest against the control of the
Government by those representing the
money power of the union.
That platform will be added to. There will
be appropriate declarations as to imperialism
and trusts; and as for me. I would be glad to
see a declaration favorable to the public own
ership of public utilities: a declaration favor
able to the initiative and referendum, and a
demand for the election of United States Sen
ators and United States Judges by the peo
ple.
Congressman John J. Lentz of Colum
bus, Ohio, was the next speaker. His
sarcastic reference to President McKln
ley, his arraignment of the Philippine war
and his eulogy of Aguinaldo as one of the
greatest men of the century, were ap
plauded. He spoke in part as follows:
From Ohio we look to New England with
amazement when we see the cringing servility
of its masses to that plutocratic oligarch,
which is more arbitrary and more inconsistent
than any monarchy in Europe.
You will pardon me for telling you that the
thinking people In the Buckeye land are more
than Surprised when they find that In this old
v. w England country which for two centuries
arroeated to Itself the claim of being the edu
cational center and Intellectual hub of Ameri
ca there are to-day so many blind and ser
vll'e followers of an administration. in sup-
Dort of Its policy of imperialism and militar
ism in support of its British financial policy.
Its Brltsh colonial policy and its attempted
British alliance.
There was prolonged cheering when Ex-
Governor John P. Altgeld of Illinois was
introduced.
There was a period In New England history,
he said when mills and factories were running
day and night and a market was found for
everything made. Then the people were all
employed at living wages. The speaker argued
that the remonetizatton of silver would afford
an opportunity for the wage-earners to have
more money to spend and thus open up mar
kets at home which would utilize to the full
est extent the products of the country.
=
DEPUTY SHERIFF SAID
TO HAVE BEEN SHOT
Went to Arrest a Murderer Who Had
Warned the Officers That He
Would Not Su-render.
LONDON. Ky.. Sept. 3.— A report is cur- j
rent that Deputy Sheriff Lewis of Man- ;
Chester, was killed yesterday in Clay
County. Several weeks ago in Manches- '
After blessing the spot the procession
took up a position in front of the cor
nerstone, where the Arcnblshop con
tinued his prayers of dedication.
During the march the i-.ale choir of
St. Mary's Cauiedral, assisted by the
local church choir, directed by Father
Jerome Hannigan. intoned the "Nisi
Dominua" and ".L.ocus Iste."
The Archbishop' then, placing his
hand on the cornerstone, consecrated
It to the service of God, and it was
lowered in its place. A cnpner box
was then placed in the niche preserved
for it. It contained a p;rrchment scroll
with the names of Pope Leo XIII,
President McKinley. the Governor
of the State of California. Arch
bishop Rionian and a large num
ber of the State's clergy and the faith
ful, and requested the invocation of
the Apostle Matthew, after whom the
church is nam°u. A book containing
the namis of all who subscribed to the
building and copies of the Pan Mateo
Leader an.) the San Francisco Monitor
and a silver coin of each denomination,
were also placed in tne receptacle.
The Archbishop accompanied by his
attendants, then sprinkled holy wat >r
on every part of the site and then took
- nan improvised platform where
Father "'ummings "reached the dedi
cation sermon. In his opening 1 re
marks Father Cummins? con" lat
ed the priests and the people of San
;■ hi the commencement of the
grpat work, and said:
"Man can build no house holier than
that consecrated by the presence of
God and •*•» prayers of His faithful.
- • work of great importance, and
should enlist the sympathies of all
having tnp interest of humanity at
heart. Man must ever be better for
being brought nearer to God. 'What
ever a man's religion may Vie. the sight
ter Deputy Stubblefleld was shot by Mart
Smith. The latter, escaping capture, went
to his home and sent word to the county
! officials that he would never attend court
alive, therefore it would be fatal for
persons to attempt to take him.
Yesterday Lewis went to serve papers
on him arid according to the rumor he
was shot dead as he approached Smith's i
1 houpe. If the report is true, this makes
i the third killing in Clay County last week.
BATTLE FOR LIFE
WITH A FIERCE SHARK
TACOMA, Sept. 3.— A special from Neah
Bay says: While out salmon lishing yes
terday "Light House Jim," one of the In
dian Judges there, was attarked by a
shark while on his way to shore with a
small canoe full of salmon. The shark bit
the sides of the canoe and tipped it so as
to reach into tne canoe and grab a salmon,
biting it in two and taking part of it.
Jim clubbed the shark over the head and
drove it away.
Some Quillayute Indians landed a whale
at Lapush a few days ago. While one of
the Indians was removing the harpoons
a big shark attacked his boat and over
turned it. The Indian was thrown Into the
water ntar the shore which he endeav
ored to reach. The; shark was too quick
for him. and caught the Indian just below
the hip. A struggle ensued, during which
the Indian jabbed his knife Into the
shark's body several times. He did not
escape until the shark had taken a big
bite of flesh out of his leg, making an
uelv and painful wound.
DETERMINED TO STRIKE.
English Sailors and Firemen Insist
Upon Higher Wages.
LONDON, Sept. 3.— The demonstrations
organized to-day at Cardiff, Hull, Bristol
and Liverpool by the sailors' and fire
men's unions were well atended. At all
go on a strike unless the increase in
wages asked for is granted.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Pinkham's Medicine Made
a New Woman of Mrs. Kuhn.
[LETTER 70 MRS. FINKHAU NO. 64,492]
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham— l think it is
my duty to write to you expressing
my sincere gratitude for the wonder-
ful relief I have experienced by the use
of Lydia E. Pinkhams Vegetable Com-
pound. I tried different doctors, also
different kinds of medicine. I would
feel better at timea, then would be
as bad as ever.
' ' For eight years I was a great suf-
ferer. I had falling of the womb and
was in such misery at my monthly
periods I could not work but a little
before I would have to lie down. Your
medicine has made a new woman of me.
I can now work all day and not get
tired. I thank you for what you have
done for me. I shall always praise
your medicine to all suffering women."
— Mks. E. E. Kuhn. Germaxo, Ohio.
" I have taken eisrht bottles of Lydia
E. Pinkhams Vegetable Compound
and used two packages of your Sana-
tive Wash, also some of the Liver Pills,
and I can say that your remedies will
do all that you claim for them. Before
taking your remedies I was very bad
with womb trouble, was nervous, had
no ambition,, could not sleep, and my
food seemed to do me no good Now I
am well, and your medicine has cured
me. I will gladly recommend your med-
icine to every one wherever I go." —
Mbs. M. L. Mir.AKs. GukMabsh, Mich.
of a church lifts his heart to his Cre
ator, "f* -*ariis for ail that Is best and
noblest In man. The spire pointing
heavenward is ever a sermon which
may be summe'i ur>: 'Lift up your
hearts from earth to earth's God. 1
"Here God will dwell until the rav
ages of time or the malice of men ne
cessitates the raising up of a new
edifice. It will he worthy of its
lofty and sacred purpose. It will be
a temple not for to-day alone, but for
to-morrow, to which many generations
may come to worship. May God bless
your work, and may it be a source of
untold blessing to you and your non-
Catholic brethren. May your influence
extend ever in widening circles. reach-
Ing many hearts, until the followers of
Christ will come together under one
standard and worship in one church
and at one altar."
The Archbishop then ble?«ed the as
semblage, and the "Te Deum" was
? ■\'. s. concluding the ceremonies.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I . * . _ — — — « — — — — —
•
AI rr n Oil I I comer Fourth and
Lftrt HUiAL^-^ l^
U 1 1 1 L. IIUI!IU  Overcoats and
■ Valises checked free.
AMUSEMENTS,
MECHANICS' PAVILION
MECHANICS' FAIR
AND
PHILIPPINE EXHIBIT.
Filipino Village,
Filipino Circus,
Indian Village from
Mendocino County.
Double Rma TlckeU $3.00
Single Admission 25c
CHUTES AND ZOO !
* EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GROUNDS OPEN AT 10 A. M. TO-DAY.
LABOR DAY CELEBRATION !
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
AD6IE AND~BER LIONS.
AND MOVING PICTURES.
Showing the Arrival of the Sherman, Parade
of the First Regiment and
FIERCE FIGHTING in the PHILIPPINES.
100 FEET OF LIVE PYTHONS ON FREE EX-
HIBITION.
CONCERTS AND itESOBTS.
bUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN. 6c.
Bathing, including admission. 20; Children, 20c.
ADVEBTISEMENTSk .-•-,. ;-■■
TELEPHONE, GRANT 33.
UEBENBAUM
• 222-224 SUTTER STREET. •
§ SPECIAL REDUCTIONS |
i # Monday -Tuesday—Wednesday %
9 Q
. • Sardines Reg. 25c, now 20c tin •
' 2 Boneless "Prevent," finest Imported 2
• Fr-:_:.. •
S Coffee Reg 35c, now 2 lbs 55c 8
< 9 "Oriental." a perfect blend; roasted »5
I 0 - i and ground fresh every hour. A
• Cal. Olive Oil bitt c 75c •
• "Santa Ana" brand: every bottle 5*
: J bears affidavit as to absolute purity — 9
0 recommended for medicinal and table 9
© use. q
• Tooth Powder Re£ 25c, now bot 20c §
a "Victoria": hardens the pima and 2
2 eweetens the breath. ™
• Perfume Reg. 50c, now 35c bit i
j • "Victoria"; of all odors. An excellent #
0 article for little money. a
8 Carpet Sweepers . •
A 1 . "BtMelTs." the 5
a — ■ V highest grade •
Jts^^rsixu-s* o'.0 '. "Standard" — 0
® §S^v^o?sSj!sl Ree - |250; •
• Ss^-'^ksy now $2.25 •
2 WfTn ■ t?*jrri7 11UW iJ-i-iJ W
!• "American Qaeen" o
[ 5 We particularly draw attention to 9
' • this Sweejier. Cyco bearings, ma- ©
9 hogany finish, nickel trimmings. a
© Reg. $3.50, now $3.00©
• Trays %
I • Something new. Full line fancy A
j 0 Lacquered Papier Mache, round, a
A square and oblong. Will resist hot 2
• water. •
© Mi inches round: reg. 23c: now..ir»c ©
M 10% inches round; reg. 35c; now..isr.c %
a Reduction on other sizes In proper- a
tlon.
3 O.K. Whisky, now 3 bits $2, gal $3 •
7-year-old blend. The old reliable. 9
C Reg. »1 bot., *4 gal. •
g Gin Reg. 90c, now 75c bat 8
m Genuine Holland. a,
> Favorita de California g
o Reg. $3.75, now $2 91 doz qts •
9 Choicest table Claret.. Cannot be 9
0 equaled at this price. 0
8 Buntley & Palmer's Biscuits 8
A New Importation from London J'ist a
:Z received; 30 different kinds. See X
™ window display. •
© Country orders solicited. <*
Send for Catalogue — free. Q,
00»»000000000000000000
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY, Monday,
BE.PT. 4- LABOR DAY.
Parquet, 25c, any Beat; balcony, 10c; chil-
dren, 10c, any seat.
Increased to fifty In number.
HUNGARIAN BOYS' MILITARY BAND.
MONTRELL.
CHARLEY CASE.
FELIX MORRIS AND CO.
MOULIERK SISTERS.
APOLLO.
ARNOLD GRAZER & LA PETITE HAZEL,
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
COLUMBIA -vSkks
THIRD AND LAST WEEK.
MR. CLAY CLEMENT
Magnificent scenic revival of the psychological
romance,
THE
BELLS!
A SPLENDID CAST.
EVERT NIGHT INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPBRA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
"CARMEN."
SUNG WITH A FAMOUS CAST.
All Former Renditions Eclipsed.
"Carmen" repeated Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday Evenings.
Superb Presentation of ■-";".'
ROMEO AND JULIET
Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday Nights and
Saturday Matinee.
POPULAR PRICES 23 and 50 cents
Telephone for seats. Bush 9.
ALCAZAR™
TO-NIGHT
The Laughing Season Begins.
Opening of the new stock la the International
Comedy Hit.
CHRISTOPHER JR.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats now selling for all performance*.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
EXTRA MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON.
Best reserved seat In the theater, 25c.
THIS AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Gorgeous revival of.
EL CAPITAN
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— IOc, 150, 25c.
35c. Me.
At matinee best reserved seat in the theater,
25c.
Branch ticket office. Emporium.
I DR.PBERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD, LUNGS;
* m '
«>^fKS£>*- ! "*§Xi»3 f«m<-'Jy for Uonorrbce^
J&Sri CX E s'^W Cleet. Spermatorrhoea,
in l to i tiTi. v "hite*. unnatural di*.
Bfcdf \}zm&it*4. ■ c-harges. or any inaaTima-
flCl uC i to suietore. tion. irritation or uicera-
|P> «f Prereau contagion. tion of B> nco a » meat*
|f?SmTHEEy»NB ChEM'CM CO. Cranes. Non-Mtrin^eot.
V*#»OIHC!SIiAT).O HI Old br Dru SKiMts,
xiPSllk. U. '. a J^m 0T Bent in P!»ln wrapper.
J?W^Sfc^" " '^^BY D ? express, prepaid, tut
7S|^teß^f&l I'-*- or 3 bottle*. »2.75.
v V^Qggg^^v ■ Circular nat «a nxtiai
56
SPORTS OF THE DAY ON LAND AND SEA
SHAMROCK TO
TAKE A TRIAL
SPIN TO-DAY
Sunday Crowds View
the Challenger.
DOUBT AS TO MEASUREMENTS
COLUMBIA MAY HAVE TO GIVE
TIKE ALLOWANCE.
American Yacht's Splendid Run on
Saturday Is Pleasing to
the New York
Critics.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— Excursionist*
dcrwn the bay in hundreds, all
11 glimpse of the Shamn < k ■
.vner. In the latter they were ,
■ :■ Sir Thomas k-pt close j
•: during the day, and al
thoug] Kcursion oraft ran i
lucky enough to catch a ■
Upton, but they cheer* .1 the
«vner, the Shamrock and
All admired the hands
> .: ht and there were pom,- with a crit
ye who pi . (lief that when ;
In nts w ere made it
I bo found the Columbia would]
allow the challenger time.
!'!■.■ mas is less frank about his
y.i ht than he was during the early
rs of his first appearance here. He
■ .iisi ussive even then,
speaking of her sail
id water lines and other mat
in which many persons here are
y Interested. But now he avoids
. . xterously parries all
rock will to-morrow at 8
k proceed seaward for a trial spin
de. Sir Thomas means to no on
■ panj her ■id
' r trials that may follow.
In will ace impany the
. after the trial will . c
Inside the
where both yachts will
■ r the night. This programme
• ; ■'1 many limes. The
the New York Yacht
harge 1 1 .:-■ of
the Roy Ulster Yacht Club, wltn<
■ the ( '' ilumbla
■ nder and was greatly
h • • showl ng f the new
More i i I them has told
- nt was significant, both
of windward qualities of the
: of her stiffness in th>'
.'■■ that was blowing for the
ighi miles of the wind
■ was the best
tmbia had with
th< • and this conclusion is
i i by Mr. Iselin and his associates.
ENTRIES FOR THE
STATE FAIR RACES
Occident Stake for Trotters and
Shatter Selling Stake for
Runners x.o-Day.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. The card to
morrow, the opening day of the State
Fair, is an exceptionally good one and
everything points to some great sport and
an immense crowd. The Occident stake
for trotters and the ifter selling stake
for runners are the special features. The
entries are as follows:
First race— Trotting; Occident stakes; purse
trr,:,.
Lena 11. Blanche T,
Lee Roy, The Jurina.
Dr. Frasse's Sister.
Second race — Pacing; 2:30 class; purse $100*.
Rev Direct, i Gaff Topsail,
Snlilela Grand, ! Captain Hackett,
Itvinjjton Boy. I tlarguerlte,
Da<:dalion, I Valeria,
Cleon, ! Monclr.
Third race — Running; 5-year-olds; turf; purse
$400; .«e!!ing.
Stromo 109 Colonel Dan 102
IsabWle 109 Bertha Me 102
Mafror 112 Shellac 10S
ovation m Meadowlark 109
Switzer 105' New Moon 109
Miss Dividend 109 Yule 109
Himera 109 Wllmeter 112
Jlldlove 109 Manzanllla 108
Fourth race— Running; Shatter selling: stakes;
t\\ furlongs.
Aldenna, I Fairfax.
Amador, j Purniayah,
The Buffoon, j Mandamus,
San •mas, ■ Sunello,
Bogus Bill, I Princess Zieka.
Fifth race— Running; three-year-olds and up
ward: soiling; one mile.
Lady Hurst M; Xilear 99
Monrovia 99J Donator .TT^tTM
Alturas Vi Com'! Traveler %
».
COG AN VERY EAST
< HM.Aiiw, Kept, a.— >uinorr was a hard
proposition for the Orphan* to-day, v.hlle St.
Lyuis found Cogan very easy and batted him
all over the field Attendance, 10,000. Score:
ctTuSSS R i H. l S
16 2
St. I^oui* 7 13 1
Batteries— ran and Donahue: Sudhoff and
BcreconKost. I'nipires— O'Day and McDonald.
CINCINNATI. Sept. The Reds lost the
first game l**au!=p they played stupid ball.
In the cecondWhe Wanderers made them hustle
to win. Attendance. COM. Score:
R H. E
Cincinnati 6 11 4
Louisville 7 10 1
Batteries— Hahn and Wood; Cunningham and
Zimmer. Umpires— Gaffney and Latham.
Score, second game:
Clubs^ R. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 6 i
Cleveland 1 S 1
lotteries— T.re'.tensteln and Wood; Knepper
oml McAllister. Umpires— Latham and Gaffney.
Russell Handicap Weig-hts.
W I'ORK, Sept. S.— Weights fur
1" Ru sell handicap, a half
■ ■ ■
' >on de < »ro 127. Thi Bach-
I ÜB,
Mc< n U Cci
nek. Ltttti
•: iman. Jefferson LH
•
i 107, Lat
. Formero
8, Half Tlmi 97, Vchusla,
Mart Gary. Holland 96, G
j . . , : wlnklei
At Glen Park.
The lino Weather of yesterday drew a
large crowd to Glen Park, and the new
rustic houses on the western hillside v.ere
crowded with picnickers. In the free the
nt?r the vaudeville turns consist- of the
following: G. Kleiner, the monologist;
li. ck- Zalma; in comic ana artistic evolu
tion:; 0:1 the Spanish rings; Ada Sweeney,
queen of song: Anionio Van Uoufre, con
tortionist; C. M. St. Clair. "king of the
air," and Professor It. N. Walsh, the
"musical wonder."
Chinese Factory Fire.
Fong K< o ov< rail factory, 588
fton street, was seriously dun*
■ al 9'M last evening. An over
; range upod for hearing the flat
ausea ihe blaze, which, b<-fore ox-
I ..- i! the loss of about JIOOO
worth or machinery and property.
DUDES WIN THE
MATCH IN THE
NINTH INNING
Played a High Order
of Baseball.
ONLY A SINGLE RUN SCORED
CRABS TAKE THE MORNING
GAME BY A CLOSE MARGIN.
Good Hitting- and Fine Fielding Seen
in Both Games — Large and En
thusiastic Crowds in At
tendance.
Oakland 1, Santa Cruz 0.
Every second of the nine innings was
.; yesterday afternoon by the
I Dudes to win a remarkably scientific }
I game from the Lobsters. For eight in- ;
nings and a half neither side could put |
a man over the plate, and the few vibra
tions the atmosphere of Recreation Park
experienced warmed the heart of the
baseball crank.
To Mr. Dunleavy and Mr. Sehmeer be
long the glory of the only run of the day. i
The heavy hitting Dude was on 'third
when Sehmeer came to the bat, two men
having been epitaphed. Schmeer hit a j
hot one to Arrelanes, who fielded the ball j
prettily, but his throw to first was not |
so good and Streib dropped it, giving
Dunleavy all the chance in the world to |
score and placing Schmeer safe on the i
j first pedestal. The game ended right
there and the Dudes almost burst for
Joy.
The crowd was one of the largest of j
the season and it came all the way from
BernaJ Heights and even Oakland, which
burg is now displaying an uncanny inter
est in the Dudes. Strange, w^lrd noises
floated over the field from time to time,
emanating from the Oakland section, and
once Rube Levy's life was threatened by
Swing's personal following, when he
called Frank out at second, because they
I thought he made a two-bagger. But the ;
Oakland short died and the Athenic con- ;
tingent gave way to a boisterous but i
harmless wrath.
Until the sixth inning th-re was not
an exciting moment. The Lobsters, who
were at the bat, then gave the baseball
heart a chance to flutter. Williams made
his first bag on a clean and honest hit,
stole second and jogged to third on a
passed ball. Two men had perished be
fore all this happened, but the Lobsters \
refused to be disheartened. To raise i
hopes Devereaux cantered to first on four
of those that did not please the critical
eye of Rube Levy. Dalrymple picked up
his stick and Tuttle refused to breathe for
a minute. There wasn't anything to it,
for Borchera became unsolvable and Dal- .
rymple was the third to die with Deve- j
reaux ornamenting the last station on the I
home course. . :
In the seventh and eighth innings Oak
land had her fingers on the score board,
but missed great and glorious opportuni- ]
i ties. Franks hit what might have been \
! a real two-bagger, but he was caught at
! second. Following him came Dunieavy,
who swatted the spheroid in the same di- ;
rection, but a little further down the i
field. Three bases was his portion and
despite the fact that only one man had
died there Mr. Dunleavy remained, for |
Lange and Sehmeer, who followed him,
also perished. In the eighth inning things ■
looked sable and drear for the Crawfish, j
M skiman, Borchers and Hutchinson
' filled the bags, with only a single man re
tired. Whalen settled down, however, .
and the Dudes went to the benches with- ;
out having crossed the plate.
The game was a pitchers' battle, both |
Borchers= and Whalen twirling in most ex- j
cellent fashion. There were few hits and
few errors, Arrelanes being responsible
i for two out of the three registered against I
the IyObbters.
The score is:
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E. j
Williams, 2b 3 0 112 5 0 .
Dcvereaux, 3b 3 0 0 110 0!
Dalrymple, If 4 0 0 0 10 0:
3tn Ib, >• 4 0 1 0 12 0 1
Drennan, c.( 4 0 1 0 2 1 •■ 0
Clark, r.f 2 0 10 0 0 0 I
Morrow, c 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Arrrlanos, s. ■ 3 0 10 4 6 2;
h Jen, p 3 0 0 0 1 2 o
— — — — — — —
Totals SI 0 5 2 27 14 2
OAKLAND.
A3. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutchinson, lb 2 0 0 0 8 1 0 j
Hammond, c 4 0 0 0 7 2 0
Huston, r.f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
! Franks. 2b 4 0 10 3 10 ,
I Dunleavy c.f 3 11110 0
j Lange, 3b 4 0 0 0 0 10 |
Schmeer, p. t> 4 0 0 0 4*o'
Mwlilman, l.f 3 0 10 2 0 0 i
Borchers, p 2 0 10 j Jl _J
I Totals 30 1 4 ,1 27 12 0 |
j RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
j Santa Cr.uz 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o ■
I Hasp hits 1 0 0 10 110 I—s
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 I—l j
Base hits 0 0 10 0 12 0 o—4
BUMMART.
Three-base hit— Dunleavy. Two-base ' hit— I
Clark. Sacrifice hltß— Hutchtnson <?'. First j
base on errors— Oakland. 3. First base on called
balls— Santa Cnir 2. Oakland. 2. Left on bases
—Santa. Cruz, 3; Oakland. 7. Struck out— By
Whalen, 3; by Borchers, 6. Passed ball—Ham
-1 mond. Umpire — Levy. Official scorer— J. W.
. .••ton.
MORNING GAME.
Snnta Cruz 4, Oakland 3.
The morning game at Oakland gave the
Lobsters their single victory in the »erles
of games. The eighth inning won the
match for the beach promenaders whan
they mustered up their batting forces and
si-m three of their men across the plate
taster than ever Crabs moved before.
Oakland scored twice in the eighth, just
enough to lose them the game by a sin
gle tally.
It was necessary to try a brace of
pitchers, both Borchors and Steffani
twirling for the Brummels. Balsz twist-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1899.
Ed the spheroid for the Crabs, seven hits
being secured off his delivery. A few
double plays and a home run by Franks
i wore the features of the game. An un-
I usually large crowd was present, and the
I cheering continued from the call of the
game until the end. Score:
' OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutehtnson, ib 6 0 10 9 0 0
Hammond, c 5 0 0 14 0 0
i Franks, 2b 4 112 3 2 0
Hardle. rf 3 11 1 2 1 0
, Dunleavy. cf 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
' Langre, 3b 8 118 12 0
Schmeer, .•>. 8 4 0 i 0 1 4 0
, Mosklman. if 4 0 113 0 0
'■ BteffanJ p 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Borchers, p 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals ,36 3 7 7 ?7 » 0
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
I Williams' 2b 8 110 3 2 2
: Devereaux, 3b 4 0 1 0 0 2 0
Dalryinple, If 3221100
i Streib. lb 4 0 1 1 11 1 1
Drennan. cf 4 11 2 3 0 0
i Clark, rf 4 0 10 2 0 0
Morrow, c » 0 1 1 4 0 0
Arrelanee, 9. a 8 0 0 0 2 4 0
Balsz, p 3 0 0 0 1 I 0
Totals 81 4 8 6 27 11 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 00000102 o—3
Base hit 0 1110 2 0:0-7
Santa Cruz 00010003 0-4
Base hits 110 10 0 0 4 1-8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Steffani 2, Balsz 2.
Home run— Franks. Two-base hits— Mosklman.
' Hardle. First base on error-Oakland.
! First base on called balls-Oakland 2, Santa
Cruz '< Left on bases— Oakland 8 Santa Cruz
5. Struck out— By S^ffanl 2. by Balsz 4. Hit
I by pitcher— Dalrymple. Double Senmeer j
OAKLAND'S EFFORT TO MAKE A TALLY AT BASEBALL,
to Hutchinson; Sehmeer to Franks to Hutch-
Inaon. Time of K»me-One hour and forty-five
minutes. I'mptre— Kube Levy. Official scorer—
H S. MrFarlin.
Sacramento Wins Ag-ain.
SACRAMENTO Sept. 3.— Fitzpn trick
proved an easy mark for the league lead
i n to-day. They won bands down. He
was touched for fifteen hits, among which
were three two-baggers, one three-bagger
and two home runs. Harvey pitched a
steady game and was an enigma to the
visitors. This is the seventh straight
taken from San Francisco. The local
team Is longing to mix things in the city
with the new Oaklands. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
ALJ. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughMn, 1. * — .8 6 1 n 0 0 0
Harvey, p 5 2 3 0 18 0
CVConnor, lb 4 3 3 1 8 2 0
.5.553 3 1 1 S 0
Stanley, c 5 0 10 5 2 0
1 toyle " r f 5 0 2 n 4 0 0
Shanahan, c. f 4 1 2 0 3 0 0
Btull 2 b 5 0 0 0 6 5 1
Shef-han, 3 b 5 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 44 11 15 2 27 17 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hilderbrandt, r. f.. 3 2 1 1 0 0 0
Muller, 1. f 4 0 10 10 0
Krug, s. s 4 0 1 0 1 5 3
Sullivan, 1 b 3 0 o 0 14 0 0
lUley. 3 b 4 0 0 0 12 1
Swindells, c 4 0 10 110
I'yne, c. f 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Brockon*. 2 b 3 0 0 0 7 5 1
Fitrpatrlck, p 3 0 0 0 0 4 1
Totals 32 S 6 1 27 13 6
RUMS AND HITS UY INNINGS.
Sa<-rarnento 3 0 4 3 0 0 0 1 o—ll
Hose hits 3 0 4 4 110 2 o—ls
San Francisco 0 00001010—2
Base hits 1 11000011— &
SUMMARY.
Runs re.sponplble for-Kitzpatrlrk 8. Home
runs— Eagao, Shanahan. Three-base hit—Har
vey. Two-base hits— MrlJiughLin, O'Connor,
Eacan. First on errors Sacramento 4. Han
FranclßCO 1. First on balls- Off Harvey 5, off
Fitcpatrlck 3. I.*-ft on bases Sacramento 8,
Sat: Francisco B. Struck nut — By Harvey 5, by
Fltzpatrick L Double plays— Brockoff to Sul
livan. Krut to Hrockoff to Sullivan 2. Paired
ball-Swindells. Wild pltrh»-9— Fitzpa trick.
Harvey. Time of game— Two hours. L'mplre —
O'Connell. Scorer -Orlfin.
MINOR BASEBALL.
Bakerseld Is Now Second in the Val
ley Ijeagne.
BAKERSFIBL.D. Sept. 3.— ln a closely
contested gamo here to-day the Bakers
fleid team dofr-ated the V'lsalias by a |
8i ore of 7 to ",. This places BakerslleUl j
second In the Valley League. Hall's pitch- i
inK for Bakerstioid and Baers work at !
short for Ylsalia were the chief features
Of the game.
MERCED, Sept. 3.— The Fresno base
ball team was defeated in one of the
nx.st exciting fames played on these
grounds thin senson. In the first part of
the game each club was retired without a
rim and in the last few innings the excite
ment ran high when the boys began to
score. Tlie only home run Is credited to
W. Grub of tne Merced team. Following
Is the score: Merred, 10 runs, 11 hits, 5
errors. Fresno, 6 runs, 7 hits, 7 errors.
Battorles— J. Grub and Harrel; Maul and
Schwartz. Umpires— King and Furg-eson.
COL.UBA, Sept. 3.— The Will & Fincks j
will depart this evening for home credited
with only one run. Coluaia made thlr- j
teen, A large crowd was present. Be
vill? pitched a great game, having ten '
strlkoouts to four for his opponents. The !
visitors made the.r one run in the first ■
inning.
HoLLISTER, Sept. 3.— The J. J. j
O'Brlenn of San Francisco were defeated \
I>> th^> Hullister team to-day. The score ]
was 1G to 9.
Baseball To-Day.
The draw game between the Dudes and
Lobsters played on the Oakland grounds ,
on Sunday, August 27, will be played oft* ,
thlß afternoon at Recreation Park. The
game will begin at 2:30. The line-up will
be as follows:
Santa CruE. Positions. Oakland?.
Morrow Catcher Hammond
Amlrewi Pitcher Harper
Strelb First base Hutchinson
Williams Second base Franks
Dever^aux Third base L,ange
.An-Wanes Short »top Sclim<v?r
iJalrymple Left field Moskiman
Drennan Center field Dunleavy
Clark Right Held Hardle
ANDERSON'S DOGS
RUN ONE-TWO IN
THE BIG STAKE
Crawford Braes and
the Lad Divide.
GOOD SPORT AT UNION PARK
A DESPERATE COURSE ENDS
ROYAL FLUSH'S CHANCES.
The Ultimate Winners Run Consist
ently Throughout the Races.
Fog Finally Obscures
the View.
The sporting adage that "blood will
j tell' was given fresh Illustration at Union
I Coursing Park yesterday. \i. F. Ander
j sun's imported dogs Crawford Lad and
Crawford Braes, both sired by Falconer,
ran one-two in the most valuable open
stake of the year. They won on their
j merits, as during the afternoon they were
j called upon to meet the dogs most fan
-1 clod for the stake. This Is Mr. Ander
: Bon's most notable victory, although his
1 dogs have always performed consistently.
Crawford Lad showed his form in his
first time out in the morning by leading
and defeating the great Conneraara, In
the succeeding rounds he defeated Hur
| ricane, Flyaway and Firm Friend. Craw
i ford Braes beat Royal Buck, Petronlus,
Luxon, Brutus and Wait-a-Little.
Royal Flush was running well, and
seemed likely to make this his fourth
stake in succession. In the third round,
however, he met Pretender, and lost any
chances he may have had. The two game
dogs coursed the bare all over the Held,
Flush winning finally. He was beaten in
the succeeding round by Wait-a-Little.
The coursing was good throughout the
day, but some of the best of the sport was
marred by a dense fog which rolled in
from the ocean during the afternoon. The
detaled results follow:
Open stake first round T. Hall's Nonpareil
beat J. Dennis' October Woodcock; Sterl &
Xi ■ tries' Wag beat Pasha Kennels' Metallic;
R. E. B. de Lopez's Rochester beat Rus-esll, Allen
& Wilson's Lady Emma; John Kerrigan'*
Conquerer beat Aeneld Kennels' Maid of Erin;
Frank JlcComb's Royal Flush beat Handy &
Smith's Bent Bolt; Aeneid Kennels' Pretender
beat Lande & Gerher's Onward; George Shar
mnn's Wait-a-Llttle beat J. P. Thrift's St.
Michael; M. Michalek'i Glen Roy beat I. F.
ton' a Tic-Tai : H. F. Anderson's Crawford
Braes beat .T. Keenan's Royal Buck; H. F.
Anderson's Crawford Lad beat J. Dean's Con
nemara; Handy £ Smith's Petronlus beat A.
Johnson's Tod Sloan; Ed Evatt's Hurricane
beat F. A McComb's Flush; Curtis * Son's
Luxor beat Ed Wilson's Magnet; P. J. nelly's
Warship beat William Healy's Skylight; H. A.
Deckelman's Flyaway beat Handy & Smith's
Twin City Girl: A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty
beat Hugh Lynch's Lottie M; J. P. Thrift's
Brutus beat V Guerrero's Silence; J. SeßKer
son's Candelarla beat P. McCabe's Sky Blue;
J. P. Thrift's Forget beat J. Kenan's Royal
Oak; John Kennedy's Ever Shore beat E. M.
KelloKK's Lady Gllmore; J. 11. Gladstones
Lamplighter beat A. Johnson's Lowlander;
Aeneld Kenenls' Van Knapp beat E. & R.
Scott's Lord Byron; Pasha Kennels' Firm
Friend beat H. Lynch's Loiterer; H. A.
Deckelman's Prince George beat E. M. Kel
logrs lowa Girl. .. J. ' - „
Second round— Nonpareil beat Wag-; Con
querer beat Rochester: Royal Flush beat Pre
tender; Walt-a-Llttle beat Glen Roy. Crawford
Braes beat Petronlus: Crawford Lad beat Hur
ricane; Luxor beat Warship: Flyaway beat
Mountain Beauty: Brutus beat Candelarla;
Forget beat Ever Shore; Lamplighter beat Van
Knapp: Firm Friend beat Prince George.
Third Conqueror beat Nonpareil:
Wait a Little beat Royal Flush: Crawford
Lad beat Flyaway; Crawford Braes beat
Luxor; Firm Friend beat Forget; Brutus a
by
Fourth round— Walt-a-Llttle beat Conquerer;
Crawford Braes beat Brutus: Crawford Lad
beat Firm Friend.
Fifth round— Crawford Braes beat "vTalt-a-
LHtle; Crawford Lad a bye. The latter and
Crawford Brans divided first and second
money, $250.
RUSTY GOLD WINS.
A Grand Day for the Hares at Ingle
side Coursing Park Yesterday.
The sport at Ingleside Coursing Park
was exceptionally good yesterday. The
hares were strong, the hounds fleet and
in good condition, consequently the pa
trons of the park were treated to some
long and also exciting courses. In the
first round of the open stake Pet Kirby
and Kerry Gow ran a sensational course
which lasted nearly three minutes, be
ing won finally by the former dog. Susie
and Swinnerton also provided some ex
citement In the next course. They were
slipped to a hare which gave them all
the running they wanted. The course ter
minated in a victory for Susie, but ' the
pace was so gruelling that the. clever grey
hound was withdrawn from the stake.
The open stake was won by Rusty Gold
by his sheer gameness, Mamie Pleasant
being the runner-up. Cash took first
money in the puppy stake and Modesty
second. The results of the day were as
follows:
Puppy stake, first round— Kay & Train's
Lady Ethel heat Connell Bros.' Green Isle; T.
Gibson's Imperial beat J. Bryne's High Time;
T. Cooney's Modesty beat F. Condon's Cruiser:
Joe Ferris' Cleopatra beat R. Prinze's Honor
Bright; Curtiß & Son's Cash beat J. B. Mar
tinett's Bernal Chief; Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Charming Belle beat J. I. O'Brien's Pasha
Queen.
Second round — Lady Ethel beat Imperial;
Modesty beat Cleopatra; Cash beat Charming
Belle.
Third round— Modesty beat Lady Ethel; Cash
ran a bye.
Final— Cash beat Modesty.
Open stake, first round— D. J. Healy's Rusty
Gold beat W. C. Glanson's Border's Valentine;
J. Mooney's Silent Treasure beat D. Shannon's
Safeguard; J. I. O'Brien's Statesman beat
SchelTer & Power's Matchless; Lowe A
Thompson's Prince Hal beat Dr. Leonard's
Master Lawrence; Connell Bros.' Lop Boy beat
T. J. Cronln's Thornhill;' Curtis & Son's Com
modore beat T. J. Cronln's Rose of Tralee; T.
Cooney'R Black Hawk beat James McCormaek's
White Tip; D. J. Healy's For Glory ran a bye
on account of Curtis & Son's Narcissus being
withdrawn; E. D. Fallon's Lily of the -West
beat Curtis & Son's Cavalier; A. Massey's
Hadlwlst beat Murphy & Toland's Tea Rose;
11. A. Deckelman's Pet Klrby beat J. 11.
Rounlng's Kerry Gow; T. Butler's Susie beat
D. Cronln'sSwinnerton; Connell Bros.' Senorlta
heat J. O'Shea's Yount; America: Murpb v &
Toland's Pleasant Girl beat Handy & Smith's
Victor; D, Shannon's Soubrette beat T. .1.
Mi-Hurt's Moss Rose: H. A. Deckelman s
Lawrence beat Handy A Smith's Free and
Easy; W. H. Lord's Revolver heat Bartels
Bros. 1 Winning Style: Connell Bros.' Mamie
Pleasant ran a bye on account of Bartels Bros."
Mao's Melody being withdrawn.
Second round— Rusty gold heat Silent Treas
ure; Prince Hal beat Statesman; Los Boy beat
Commodore: Fur Glory beat Black Hawk: Lily
of the West beat Hadiwist: Pet Kirhy ran a
live; Pleasant Oirl beat Senorita; Lawrence
beat Soubrette-; Mamie Pleasant ran a bye.
Third round— Rusty Gold beat Prince Hal:
I.nrr Boy beat For Glory; Lily of the West beat
Pet Klrby; Pl.-asant Girl beat Lawrence;
Mamie Pleacsant ran a bye.
Fourth round— Rusty Gold beat Log Boy:
Mamie Pleasant beat Lily of the West; Pleas
ant Girl ran a bye.
Fifth round— Mamie Pleasant beat Pleasant
Girl: Rusty Oold ran a bye.
Final— Rusty Gold beat Mamie Pleasant.
IN THE CRICKET FIELD.
California Team Defeats the Pacific
Eleven at Alameda Grounds by a
Margin of Twenty Runs.
The California cricketers added another
to their already long list of victories by
defeating the Pacifies at Alameda yester
day. The Pacifies won the toss, and sent
the Californias to the hat. Sloman and
Rpevee were the only batsmen to score
double figures, the former making 2S and
the latter 18. The inninars eloped for the
moderate total of 12. This was not equal
ed hy the Pacifies, who compiled only 52,
C. Simmnnrls. 15. and J. J. Theobald, 12.
being the highest scorers.. Dickinson and
Howard bowled without cnanpe. the for
mer securing 3 wickets and the latter 5.
In their second innings the California?
made 76, to which Dickinson contributed
28 and Schroeder 16. Of tie five Pacific
bowlers the the most successful was Cas
idy. who took 4 wickets for 17 runs. The
Pacifies had not time to play out their
second innings, and at call of time 7 wick
ets had fallen for 42 runs, making a total
of 94 -for both innings. As the second
Innings was not finished, the match was
decided on the first innings, and so was a
victory for the Californlas by 20 runs.
The full scores are given herewith:
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
FIRST INNINGS.
E. G. Sloman, c. and b. Simmonds 28
A. Dickinson, c. Slmmonds, b. Casl.iy 7
XV. H. Howard, b. Sewell 0
L. Schroeder, st. G. Theobald, b. Sewell — 1
W. Reeves, b. Simmonds 18
E. .1 Loughman, b. Simmonds 5
.1 Brown, b. Casidy 0
F. M. Gunn, not out 1
A. Willis, c. Sewell, b. Harbour 10
E. W. Watts, b. Harbour 0
H. H. Cookson, absent 0
Leer byes j-
Total 7 -
Runs at fall of each wicket— One for IS. two
for 19. three for 21. four for 47. five for 87,
six for GO, seven for 60, eight for 72, nine
for 72.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler — B. ' R. M. W.
Bewell 54 32 .. -
Casidy *4 32 2 2
Simmonds 30 6
Harbour 2 .... *
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
FIRST INNINGS.
C. Simmonds, run out 15
V Jewell C. Schroeder, b. Dickinson 4
11. C Casidy; 1. b. w., b. Howard 8
J. Meyers, b. Howard 3
C P. Coles, run out >
.1 J. Theobald, b. Dickinson 12
.1 li. Harbour, b. Dickinson "
<;. Theobald, st. Schroeder, b. Howard 1
H p G. Gordon, not out I
W. McDonald, b. ward 0
.*. W. Wl'dlng. c. Schroeder, b. Howard — 0
Byes, 2; leg bye, l 3
Total •'-
Runs at fall of each wicket— One for G. two
for I J. three for 25, four for 30. five for 4.,
Bis for 48, seven for 48, eight for 49, nine tor 52.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler- B. R. M. W
Dickinson '2 17 , 6 3
Howard <" 32 •• D
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
SECOND INNINGS.
Ploman. b. Casidy 1
Howard, b. Casldy •• •••••• »
Dickinson, st. O. Theobald, b. Slmmonds... 28
Schroeder, c. J. .T. Theobald, b. Coles 1C
Reeves, b. Bewell 6
Lough man, c. Myers, b. Coles 3
Brown, c. Harbour, b. Sewell 0
Gunn, not out. •• 5
Willis, c. Simmonds, b. Casldy <
Watts, b. Casldy 0
Cookson, absent °
Bye _2-
Total, second innings V,
Total, first Innings 72
Grand total 148
Runs at fall of each wicket— One for 1. two
for 24 three for 42, four for 55, five for 63, six
for 63, seven for M, eight for 78, nine for 76.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. M. W.
Sewell '- 29 ■ 2 2
Casldy Bl 17 3 4
Simmonds 24 10 1 1
Harbour m 14 "i "i
Coles 24 14 1 2
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUE.
SECOND INNINGS.
J. J. Theobald, b. Dickinson 9
Harbour, b. Dickinson 0
Sewell, b. Dickinson 10
Coles, run out 0
Casidy. run out 9
Myers, run out 10
McDonald, run out ; 0
Wilding, not out 0
Byes, 2; leg byes, 2 4
—
Total for seven wickets 42
Total, first innings 52
Grand total 94
Simraonds, G. Theobald and Gordon did not
bat. ".
Runs at fall of each wicket— for 1. two
for 17. three for 18. four for 23, five for 29, six
for 3fi. seven for 42.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— . B. R. M. W.
Dickinson 36 15 1 3
Sloman 33 23
ANOTHER RAILROAD
FOR THE SAN JOAQUIN
STOCKTON AND SACRAMENTO
TO BE CONNECTED.
New Line Said to Be a Branch of the
Atchison, Topeka and Santa
Fe System.
Surveys will be begun on the 13th mat.
for a fifty-mile line of railroad which is
to connect Stockton with Sacramento and
open up the fruitful belt of wheat-pro
ducing reclaimed lands and orchards on
the north side of Stockton channel. Al
though it is generally conceded by the
wise ones in the San Joaquin metropolis
that the new road is to be neither more
nor less than one of the branches of the
Santa Fe into the Sacramento Valley,
none but local capital has so far appeared
in the project. The two men most prom
inently mentioned among those behind It
are Arthur Thornton, a wealthy fruit
grower of Newhope, and Theodore Gier
of Oakland, who is heavily interested in
the reclaimed lands along Stockton chan
nel.
Frank L. Compton, surveyor-in-chief of
the new line, arrived in this city yester
day to arrange matters preliminary to
the survey. In speaking of the proposed
line he said: "The people who are behind
the project already have clear right of
way from Stockton into Sacramento.
Agents have been at work for two months
past securing titles and bonds, and now
everything is ready for the survey. As
soon as that is completed construction
will be begun. The road will start from
the north side of the channel at a point
where it can be connected by a draw
bridge with the Santa Pc line. It will
run from there directly into Newhope, and
then through the thirty miles of or
chards to Sacramento. The capital is on
hand, and the road will be built."
Every farmer and orchardist along the
line is enthusiastic. At present the only
shipping facilities from the north side are
the river boats, and as a means of fruit
transportation they are not satisfactory
According to Mr. Compton the line can
be built as cheaply as it is possible to
build railroads. There is no grading, and
a simple ballasted roadbed will be suffi
cient to carry the company's cars into the
capital. ■ •
Mr. Comptom returns to Stockton to
day.
STRAIGHT SROTS
NUMEROUS AT
SCHUETZEN PARK
Marin Weather Too
Warm for Comfort.
SOME GOOD SCORES TALLIED
MEMBERS OF TWO CLUBS CON-
TEST AT m HE BUTTS.
Captain Kuhls ant. F. E. Mason Made
the Highest Scores and Are
Hailed r\s the Top
Notchers.
A large number of the members of the
California Schuetzen Club and the Verein
Bifitracht shooting section were at
Schuetzen Park, near San Rafael, yester
day, and rifles were popping- from early
morning until late in the evening. The
weather was beautiful, If warm, the light
on t!i>- targets good and the marksmen in
line fettle. Both clubs held medal con
testa and during the day some first-class
i were madi .
In the California Club shoot two strings
were shot off. F. E. Mason mack' the top
Bcore of 218-222. Captain F. A. Kuhls car
ried off highest honors in the Vercln ICfn
tracht contest with a score of 398. In de
tail the scores were as follows:
California Sehuotzen medal contest: First
champion class — Not contested. Second cham
plOD class— F. E. Mason, 218—222; C. J. Wal
.t.-il. 201; A. Breuss, 18»i — ITS; J. Jones, I*4 —
180; C. F. Waltham, 180—164. Third class— A.
Hampel, 211—179; C. H. Sagehorn, 15"— 163; A.
Longer, IK-175; P. C. Hagerup. 175—142; M.
Reubold, 174—159. Fourth class— F. A.
Schrumpf, 172 — 161. Cadet's class— E. Woenne.
lyS— l9s. .Not classified— C. M. Henderson, 215
— 1»:<; F. W. Belknap, 209—204.
Voreln Ktntraeht medal contest: Champion
class— Captain F. A. Kuhls, 398; C. Schroe
der, 368; .T. Young, 339: C. Muller, 326; F. C.
1 larrup, 293; L. H.-hmidt, 274. First class—
J Z.-ihn 337; C. Luehrstedt, 292. Second class—
c Ehling-er, 365; H. Schwelger, 345. Third
class— C. F. Over, 306; L. Schelb, 273; Charles
.1. Walden, 249.
SHELL MOUND SCORES.
Marksmen in Force at the Festival of
the Schuetzen Verein.
A large number of ir.arksmen was \n
attendance at the Shell Mound ranges
yesterday at the San Francisco Schutzen
Verein's forty-first annual festival. The
shooting commenced early in the forenoon
and continued until the heavy fog shut
tin- targets from view. Ine day's scores
follow:
COMPANY .^IIOOT, San Francisco Schuet
-7.1:1 Vereln— P. Koch 70, Charles Thierbach 70,
J. Utschig C 3. H. Huber 6S, J. Gefken 6S, F. P.
Schuster C 4, F. Rust 64, R. Finking 64, H.
Doscher 63, George Pein G3, W. Glindemann
83, P. Httgemann 63, H. Helberg 62, E. H.
Goetz Cl, L. Bendel 60, J. Lankeman 60, A.
Bertelson 80, J. Thode ",:<, E. Stehn ."'.>, F.
Brandt •'•■.' M. Ahrens W.K F. Heusel 59, L.
Biebe 58, J. H^utU-r r>\ U Ott 56, L. Ritzau 56,
i Beisenberg 80, H. StelHng ."..",, Gus Schultz
;.."i It Stettin M, A. Junsblut f>4. Dr. F. H.
Cranr 63 A. Lemaire 53, H. Prlen 53, William
Garma 53, J!. Burfelnd 53, L. Haake S2, EC.
Werthelmer ''2. A. Browning 61, H. Meyer 51,
.1. I>. Seise 51, H. Zeeher 51, J. Horstmann 51,
.1 H. Selden 80.
MONTHLY MEDAL, SHOOT of the Naval
Militia, First Division— Murphy 40, Qulnlin 39,
Bailey '■'■'■' Sandy 87, Harris 'i~. L'ndecker 36.
31, 'Smith 31. Nathan 30. Beattte 2?, Os
born y< Gentosa 26. Bush 2."..
Second .Itvlslnn Paris :;^. Blake 36. Holliday
.4, Becker 34, Hilton 32. T. Walker
30. Butte 23, McKee 23, Richter 2S, Laureaux 27.
"'MONTHLY MEDAL SHOOT of the Inde
pendent Rifles— Sereeunt C. H. Kornbeck 3'J,
Sergeant G. W. Mltcholl 3S, J. H. Kulke 37,
Sergeant C Andrewa 36, C. Gllborson 35, Cor
poral .1 A Ptang 34. R. V. Bither 34, G. B.
Wortblngton 34 Sergeant H. Schlichtmann
29. R. A, Morris 20.
Most red flaps in thirty-shot ticket— D. W.
McLaughlln 10, D. R. Faktor 9, F. P. Schuster
i>, A. Strecker 8, ,T. l.'tschig 8.
Rest scores, puhllc Fhoot— lxmis Haake 15, A.
Strecker 15 J. Utechlg 14. Aue. Jungblut 14.
Charles Thierbach 14, F. P. Schuster 14, D. B.
Faktor 14, John T). Heiser 13, William Glinde
mann 13. William McLaughlin 13, E. H. Goetz
12, R. Finking 12, D. Salfield 11.
The last bullseye of the day was made
by H. T. Lenkendey.
Columbia Pistol Shoot.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
shoot yesterday at Harbor Viow was well
attended. The results follow:
Class shooting, one entry. Experts with
rifle— F. O. Young 62; sharpshooters, G. M.
Barley 113, M. .T. White 141; marksmen, Q.
Mannel 77. F. Hassmann 111, P. Becker 185,
Mrs White IST. Pistol experts— M. J. White
40, F. O. Young: 15, C, M. Paiss .'.6. G. M.
Barley f9; sharpshooters, Mrs. M. J. White «3.
J. P Cosgmve 64; marksmen. P. A. Becker 63,
O. Hoadley 77. Mrs. O. Mannel rs. Dr. J. F.
Twist 89, G. Munnel 98, Mrs. Walthnm 128.
Re-entry matches— Gllndemann rifle medal, F.
O. Young 47—48—59; Slebe pistol medal, F. O.
Young .".6, C. M. Daiss «ti; rifle medal, O.
Mannel 21-27. Mrs. C. F. Waltham 25, G. Bar
ley 37. Record scores, fifty yards— Pistol, C
M. Daiss 58— 48— 47, P. Broker 6S, Mrs. G.
Mannel 67-22; rine. Mrs. G. F. Waltham 32,
<;. Mannel 25, O. Hoadley 3S; revolver, P.
Becker Bii, O. Hoadley 110: rifle <2fiQ yards)
F. S. Wttshburn SI, Mrs. White ISO.
CYCLERS ENTERTAINED
AT MISSION SAN JOSE
Bay City Wheelmen Make Their An-
nual Pilgrimage to the Home of
the Hospitable Salazars.
The annual run of the Bay City Wheel
men to the home of the Salazars. Mission
San Jose, was held yesterday. Forty of
the hardy riders went down by road, the
remainder going by train to Trvington.
The special guests were Arthur Lund
berg, who returned with the First Cali
fornia Regiment from Manila, and some
of the Colorado volunteers, members of the
Denver Wheel Club. The wheelmen were
hospitably entertained, having an enjoy
able outing. Those at the luncheon were:
Mr. nml Mrs. Juan (ialkpos, Mrs. Jack Gal
legos, Mr*. A. J. Kalazar. Mrs. J. A. Salazar
Mtsseg Theresa. Julia. Anita and Sophie Oalle
(fOi, Liche and Nacha Salazar. Wllda Zuver,
Elfa lV>rr: Messrs. A. J. Salazar, J. M. Sala
zar, J. K. Shlaz:ir, 3, A. Salazar, Bob Q&llegoa
P. <!. Montealcgre, l.>avld Marshall, A. J. Kan
zee. J. H. Winter, Arthur Lundherg, KiKlie
Battles, Dr. L. L. I>orr, James Lowe. S T
Boeckmann, R. M. Welch, Lieutenant Kelly!
Ned Mendell, Ja«-k Mendell, J\istlre Frank H
Kerrigan, Judge Frank H. Dunne, Bert s«:,/,.i,
Henry Hay, A. J. Menne. J. A. Cunha. Arthur-
Lund, K. T. Mervy. Enill F. Fahrbach. Zera
Howard, Tom lvi:uie. B. F. Langton, Arthur
Davidson, Walter Davidson, B. C. Raynaud
Sydney \ incent. Ivan Treudwell. E. Russao Ci
Stangenberger, A. Mehrman, P. Rainbo, L De
z.Tt. Herbert Welch Fred B. Sands Charlen
Teller, Teddy Ban**. Theo Dodge Waiter Shel
don. Harry I^nrkin, Alexander Nye W n
Wellß, W R I>.n»m-i!l. F. H. Waters' Charle*
Taylor. H. W. Spaldlng. 11. Austin Goddard E
P. Stoddard and R. Phillips Qr t -
Olympic Club Election.
The nominating committee of the Olym
pic Club has addressed a stronp letter to
tho voters regarding the opposition ticket
This is identical with the regular ticket
with the exception that the name of J A
Million is substituted for that of j' J
Hassell The committee gives strong rea
sons why Mr. Hassell should be elected.
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur-
chased from all agents and
newsdealers at 5c per copy.
RUNAWAY CARS
CRASH INTO A
PASSENGER TRAIN
A Disaster Narrowly
Averted.
CARS WERE NOT LOADED
USUAL RESULT OF THE RAIL-
ROAD'S ECONOMY.
Old Rolling Stock From the "Bone-
yard" Made to Do Duty as
Special Trains for Cours
ing Men.
The good fortune of the Southern Pacific
Railway officials, which seems to protect
the passengers on their road under che
most trying conditions, averted what
might have been a dire disaster yester
day. Three cars became detached from a
train near T'nion Coursing Park and
crashed Into other cars on a siding. There
were no passengers on any of the carp,
so the only damage was in broken glass
, and smashed platforms.
The obvious negligence of the railway
I officials in sending out cars which have
■ long since been re-legated to the "bono
! yard" was the primary cause of the ac
' cident. There was an unusual demand for
! rolling stock yesterday, owing to a blf
excursion to Monterey. This to?k up all
I the available cars, and the trains
i to the coursing park wera mad.- up of
| those long since condemned,
There were Pullman sleepers with tat
! tered curtains and faded upholstery, and
windows so grimr with dust as to almost
shut out the lignt; emigrant sleep;
■ an ancient trie; in fact, any kind ol a car
! one remove frum those used for carrying
1 \ train (»f these cars, without alo
tlve attached, was standing on the track
: opposite Union Park. The engineer of the
I other train wished to remove his cars
j from the siding to the main track. In
1 starting them the strain proved too great,
; and the coupling between some of the cars
: gave way. Three of them started down
i the incline toward the other train. There
■ was no one to apply the brakes, and they
' rapidly gained impetus, having several
i hundred yards to run. Th< engineer saw
■ the danger and blew quick blasts on the
' locomotive whistle.
Those in line of danger were chi.-ily
I railway employes, and they BOUghi Bhelter
from 'the expected Bhower oi 3plinters,
1 The cars came together with a -
1 crash, the platforms being telescoped and
the windows broken. The i ars did not
! leave the track, and the train hands lost
1 no time in removing every vestige pf the
i collision. The damaged rolling stock was
cut out of the train and taken to the side
track at Ocean View. wh< re It attract
ed much attention for the remainder of
! the afternoon.
THEIR TENTH ANNIVERSARY.
' Picnic of La Jeune Fanfare Republi-
came at Harbor View.
The tenth anniversary of "La Jeune
j Fanfare Bepublicalne" Vaa celebrated
i yesterday at Harbor View Park. A plc
; nic and concert was given by the band,
and after the complettion <>t" the pro
! gramme dancing was commenced in the
pavilion, and was continued during the
remainder of the afternoon.
The programme included, besides nu-
m erous selections by the band, a patriotic
■ song "Petits Enfants, Almea la Repub
: lioue'" by the pupils of the Mefret Insti
tute; medley of aira by A. Aureguy S.
i Bovo, A. Lacoste, A. Mefret and tm.
, Pierron, corneiists: an address by M. A.
I Goustiaux, ami a barytone solo by George
1 Mefret. Those in charge of the exercises
were.
Committee of arrangements— All the memben
of "1-a Jeune Fanfare Republlcaine. 1
Gate committee— L. Arnaud, Ch. Boudin. P
Boulln H. Chaasagne, Em. Gauthier. J. Hop
per M Klass Th. Lacoste. A. Laseale. L
Ort'lon Ch. Phillips, Ch. Turner.
Reception committee— Misses E. Aboucaya, B
Blanc S Blanc, Km. Boisson, E. Borel, A
(hatsagne. M. Gales. C. Klass. J. Lacoste, M
Lacoste, Em. Iya^^alo, L. I'ierron.
Floor manager— M. F. Cussac.
Floor committee— J. Bauohou. A. Bertrand
V Biasloli, G. Boisson, H. Colombat. L. La
caze E. Lassale, L. Lauray. M. Magallon, F
Peters, Em. Remond, C. P. Robert, Aug
Sarthou, H. Serres.
Committee on wheel of fortune— GeorK
Mefret. L. Nicolas. E. Pierron, Misses E. Cleu
Eug. Lassale. Gertrude Mefret.
Committee on game* and prizes — H. Abou
caya J. Boudin, 8. Bovo, F. A. Maimone, J
S. Godeau, A. Mefret, A. L. Samson.
■ ♦ •
Handball at Ryan's Court
There were some good plays at Phil Ryan
handball court, S">B Howard street," yesterday
afternoon. The much talked of set-to In the
four-handed game did not come off In conse
quence of one of the team being absent. Other
wise the play was above the 'average. The
games won and lost were:
R. Murphy and T. Foley defeated B. Cle
ments and W. Hassell. Score: 20—21, 19—21,
21—17.
* J. Hand and R. Dolan defeated J. Sharp and
Al Collins. Score: 21— IS, 21—16, 19—21.
K. Abbott and A. Hansen defeated E. Antron
and H. McNevin. Score: 21— IS, 21—14, 21— IS.
Single-handed game— B. Clements again de
feated ' his old-time antagonist, W. Hassell,
three straight games. Score: 21—15, 21—19,
21—18.
W. Cope and W. H. Sleberst defeated W. H.
Kedlan and M. Basch. Score: 21—13, 15—21,
21—11.
W. Williams, a Boston champion, and G.
McDonald, an expert player from San Rafael,
de.eated Phil Ryan and D. Rogers of this city
with an ease that astonished the local play
ers. The score was: 21—16. 12—21, 21—19.
C. Nevin, champion of Montana, and R.
Murphy defeated M. Mullaly and J. Shaw.
Score: 21— IS, 11—21, 21—10.
Single-handed game between two boy's of 15
years for a medal given by Mr. Ryan, pro
prietor of the San Francisco Handball Court—
A. "Whlteman defeated R. Regli by the fol
lowing score: 11—21. 21— IS. 21—4, 21—18.
J. Harlow and J. Collins defeated E. Toy and
M. Maguire. Score: 21—17. 12-21. 21—13.
HEALTH!
STRENGTH!
VIGOR !
fig. Ei_^* m _Sr* r gffT " "V f . j
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S
ELECTRIC BELT.
T^HE ELECTRIC BODY BELT, BY WHICH
f ■ \ Wly my new method of treatment fa
the best In the world; •trongest mort durable
most effective in curing. i>, n these points I
will . Kuarantee it upon a bond of $5000
With all this an .electric belt can do no rood
without knowledge of how to apply it ThTos
y "^V?, Od r l amed '" the past twenty years"
in which I have cured 50 000 cases- 1 elve
every patient the benefit of my experience
filled! ma " y ° UreS after cve 9r thln X else
OR^nwtmwTl!' at once - NO BURNING
»nt vJni,\ G| bu »5 a Kentle - soothing cur-
and i. a ™ aS chamol 9 covered electrodes
pe^e^forr/neTals. 01 " >ear - " Ul " Ut any «:
Call and see it. or write for book, free
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Market it, oor - Kenrnv. B - P ; Burdlck
geles cor - Spring and Second .ts.;"i!o. An-
10^i fi i Ce SSV?!^ 8 a - m - t0 S:3 ° 5- m -: Sundays,
-iftialt J>fi\Ji^ sold m DRug ptork^ V^ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
PLACE HUNTERS
FENCE-BUILDING
FOR NEXT YEAR
Daiton Would Like to
Go to Congress.
ROWE MAY BEAT ROETH
STRATTON'S "RETIREMENT" IS
LIKELY GRATUITOUS.
City Hall Promoters Are Not Cover
ing Themselves "With. Glory.
3irard Thinks More Might
Be Accomplished.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
&3S Broadway, Sept. 3.
AbJUt a year from now there will be
some county conventions held. A year is
a long time in which to make ■ para
tions, but the Alameda politician always
believes in beginning early. Even now
there is practically a complete programme
outlined to place before the electors next
November. Of course, it will be changed
in places, but the basis Is in existence
sr. i some people are working as hard a*
ti\ JUgh the conventions were to be held
next wek. More than the ordinary inter
est clings to the large territory east and
north of Lake Merritt. This is the mu
nicipal bailiwick of Councilman Rowe; the
field in which Frank Jordan does county
politics; where Senator Stratton holds the
senatorial field; where one Howard
Wright was elected to the Assembly, and
where a certain Mr. Roeth also secured
enough votes to make him Supervisor.
With the exception of the County Clerk
all these offices will rave to be filled next
fall; hence the scramble. To add to the
complication, it might also be noticed that
Henry P. Dalton "would like to go ;o
Congress."
This interesting combination is talking.
Some elements in it will succeed them
selves; others will succeed their unsuc
cessful rre-iecessors. At various times
rumor has retired Senator Stratton by his
own dtrsirv. At no time can I remember
knowing of any such sentiment expressed
directly by the Senator, but in this big
incubator of successful and amateur poli
ticians, cne can hear anything, and only
t. lifetime of, experience car. make any
body competent to do the necessary sift-
Ing. Just in the flush of the success ol
his primary lew. which has easily made
Tree! Stratton the most prominent Sena
tor in the Statr of California, it is very
unlikely that he is clous to close his
■ olitical life so suddenly.
Howard Wright will hardly be elected
again— in Oakland. It will not be sur
; rising if a pledge regarding certain mat
• . r t Were required of his successor. East
■ ikland; which was made a power in poli
tlcs, and is largely maintained by Dr.
George Pardee. is not likely to sena an
ther man to the Assembly who will be
cut for everything in sight and stultify
his high effic* 1 by voting to send an cm
l ezzler to the United States Senate. Such
I ractlces do not represent that district.
Supervisor Roeth will have to eat sev
eral good men for the nomination for his
teat- H. D. Rowe Is a name that has
frequently been as a possible Super
visor from that district. Howe has been
Two and a half years In the City Council,
a.-d his record compares favorably with
that of any of his colleagues. In the last
Council he did pome good politics. Two
rr.cr.ths ago the gentleman from the
Seventh transferred his business from
San Francisco *.o Oakland, and he has
since easily been one of the most promi
nent men at the City Hall. It must b«
admitted that he has shown a consistency
in financial matters rare among Council
men. In no case has he been guilty of the
common practice of making a speech ad
vocating economy and of voting to double
salaries and fill the City Hall with type
writers, in the next breath. Neither has
Rowe u?ed his office for the purpose of
benefiting the family. If he be in reality
laying the foundation for a Supervisorial
ca'mpaicn. it may be said that many suc
cessful "fights have been made on a less
7. v TZ~ s-^TUa, Hcnrr Da..™
■ . "altoi
••would like to go to Congress." This ex
pression from most politicians would b-.
equivalent to a declaration of candidacy.
This is not the case with Mr. Dalton. He
c-'^-p not nominate himself, but modestly
t-'.TT.its that he is available if the -people
want him. Mr. Dalton's candidacies are
always "in the hands of his friends," and
up to date his friends have been remark
ably successful. A few years ago Mr. Dal
ton" said he would like to sit In the City
Council. He was elected to that office,
later he said he would ISXe to be County
Assessor. He 7as elected on an inde
pendent campaign, beating the regular
party nominee. At the end of his first
term he said he would like to succeed
himself. This time he took a party nom
cation and received three and a half votes
cut of every five cast. With this record
wren Mr Dalton says he would "like" to
have anything. It would be good policy to
attach "some significance to his desire.
This is not political gossip, for Fome of
"M- Dalton's very closest supporters have
confided to me the little fact. It would
perhaps be as well to let Victor H. Met
calf at least see Washington before de
c'<*(rjr upon his successor, but Alameda
r.'wavs takes politics by the forelock, al
though apparently everything else can
wait. __
Several of the Councllmen have said at
r meetings recently that many months
have gone by and they have not as yet
done anything-. This is true, as it is also
true that half a dozen times nothing will
not produce much, and a cipher, from
present indications, will have to be used
to represent the achievements of «*■
Council when it goes out of office.
Mr. Cuvellier apparently knew what he
wa.« saying two weeks after he and Us
confreres took office. Cuvelller wanted a
commission appointed to procure data
ar.d report upon the prospects of the pur
chase of a water plant by the city. His
brethren laughed at him and told him
there wa& r.o hurry. Cuvellier was im
petuous ar.d after a few weeks gained his
point but It was not accomplished with
out a struggle. "There is no hurry is
apparent!-.- the motto of over one-half of
the Councllmen. The only hurry that has
been exhibited to date is in the efforts to
place friends and relatives in snug berths.
This Btultifying of oKce Is very marked
In one particular. The Council is fre
quently exploiting the idea thai the heaa3
of departments should tx» given the fullest
liberty in running their departments. It
is admitted that Chief of Police Hodg
kir.s Is a competent man for hi? position.
He has stated a dozen times officially to
the Council and Board of Works that the
combination man of the department who
does police duty and acts as clerk is one
of the most indispensable men on the
force. No one has yet been found to deny
this. For three months, however, a pica
yunleh effort has teen made to abolish
this ofFce. under the subterfuge that it
would save Jli>3 a year. Sjch a sugges
tion is the emtodimer.t of a falsehood, for
there is already in existence a resolution
authorizing the appointment of a clerk
to the chief at a salary of t»0 a year.
This remarkable piece of government has
id! been brought about and has been pes
•f-ring the Council and Beard of Works
Ujt three months by the desire of a mea
; • r to create a place for a relative. This
\s not the first Instance of the kind, but It
deceives nobody. If the real desire be to
• conomixe It could be done in a thousand
different ways, and certainly th* saving
6f »:<0 which, according to the man who
should know— the Chic* of Police— would
not be a saving, need not engross the at
tention of the city government for three
months. In the meantime tens of thou
sands of dollars are being wasted every
month through the failure of the city gov
ernment to carry out some of the really
jr*ritorlcua schemes which were induced
In the platforms upon which they were
elected.
Councilman Glrard may be a little se
vere, but he certainly tells much truth in
■-■" following language:
"I don't believe this Council will do
anything," he ..aid. "The Councilraen
do a lot of talking and advance no end of
Interesting theories, but there their use
fulness ends. There ie constant antago
nism and a notlceabie conflict of personal
interests wherever you turn. When one
man springs an idea the carrying out of
which would benefit the city there are a
dozen others ready to cry" him down:
Everybody wants to get ail the glory in
sight, and the result is that thing is
ever accomplished. I don't think the wa
ter scheme or any of the other schemes
will go through
'"Our tax levy 'is all wrong. We give a
lot of money to the High School, which is
a worthless institution. None of the
pupils learn anything there. I know o.
many people who have taken their chil
dren away from the High School because
it :s a waste of time to s^nd them there.
And yet we take away the funds of the
grammar schools, which are a necessity.
to further the interests of the High
School, which is a luxury. The constitu
tion demands thai we give the » children
a good grammer school education: ana
yet our present system dwarfs that phase
bf our scheme of free education.
At Sacramento Henry P. Dalton used
an interesting expression- During cne c-f
the warmest periods of his conversation
with the State Equalizers he said: "Gen
tlemen: no I've, living man could answer
those Questions.'" For a little while some
of the gentlemen thought that In his
earnestness Mr. Daltbn had used & phrase
that conflicted somewhat with the rules
of grammar. It was. nothing surprising
that a mar. from Oakland should use such
words Mr. Pa!tcn doubtless had in his
mind having become so wedded to his
Tax' rolls, visions of some of the dead-
Uvtng mer of Oakland from whom he had
himself trie*' to extract some information
! their property. There are many
of them and until they are translated
Oakland's material progress will etiil be
in the future. L'alton knew whereof he
*Poke.
I would recommend that a bulletin
boards be placed en the front of the City
Hall upon which should be posted weekly
the progress of the following proposed
improvements:
Acquiring a municipal water plant.
Installing salt water street sprinkling
plant.
Opening West street and making it a
boulevard.
Opening Washington street.
Erection of a new City Hall.
Improving Lake Merritt.
Obliterating the marsh In West Oak
land.
Improving Independence square.
Purchasing a system of public parks.
Preparing for election of freeholders.
Preparing for needed bond election.
Putting lazy prisoners at work making
new streets.
It may not have occurred to those to
whom is entrusted these responsibilities,
but It Is nevertheless true that the pro
jects mentioned are of vastly gTeater im
portance and interest to the people living
in Oakland than the efforts of selfish men
to run the city government In the inter
ests of their individual families or polit
ical ambitions. STUART W. BOOTH.
EDITOR MORGAN DIES
OF BRAIN PARALYSIS
Hayrrards Journalist Passes Away
After a Very Brief
Illness.
OAKLAND. Sept. ".-A. V. Morgan,
editor of the Haywards Review, died at
his home in Haywards this afternoon
after four daya' illness. His death is
attributed to paralysis of the brain.
Deceased complained of not feeling well
last Thursday and on Friday paralytic
symptoms developed until he lost con
sciousness yesterday. He was a native of
California," aged X years and leaves a
mother and two brothers. Oscar and
Stanley Morgan. He was a member of
Eden 'Parlor No. 113. N. S. G. W.: of
Eucaivptus Lodte No. 240. F. and A. M,
Sycamore Lodge" No. 129/ 1. O. O F and
was popular in social and Alameda coun
ty newspaper circles, where he was con
sidered a bright writer.
The funeral services will take place
next Tuesday from the Presbyterian
Church, Haywards.
BURNED THE MORTGAGE
IVenty-Fourth Avenue Methodists
Oelebxata a Debt-Lifting.
oa:
■
M. E.
- by a
■ ■
- ■
■
sermon ac-
The thanksgiving
'. S. ] tthew, D. D.
, E. T. M
: i
. .
v.E. R. DUle. Rev. J. W. W
-
■
J. L. Tr- Rev. E. M.
cere
in -v z the mcr-- - rd of
xcurtoai
■ m »
Services in Oakland Churches
OAKLAND. Sept. 3.— Rev. J. W. Ham
ilton of Cincinnati, secretary of the
Freedman's Aid and Southern Education
Society of the Methodist Church,
preached this morning at the First M.
E. Church. To-night the pastor. Dr.
Dille. delivered a sermon on "Samson
Shorn of His Lock?." the last service of
the conference year.
Professor T. R. Bacon occupied the pul
pit of the First Unitarian Church to-day
fn the absence of Rev. J. T. Sunderhind,
who a week ago tendered his resignation.
Rev. W. F. McLoughton of Los Angeles
preached a sermon to-night on the sub
ject of "Waiting On God" at the Union
street Presbyterian Church. ..: ■.-■•• --•■■■■;
The pulpit at the Eighth-avenue Meth
odist Church to-night was occupied by
Rev. Jesse Smith. .«.«_«
Rev. H. W. Fraser. pastor of the Brook
lyn Presbyterian Church, delivered a ser
mon this morning on "Imperialism."
Rev. W. H. Atkinson of San Rafael de
livered a sermon th!(? morning at Oak
Chapel (Congregational) and this even
in _• A. W. Hare epoke on the "Parable
of'the Sower."
"What Christ Mad Clear and "Mem
ories of Earlier Years" were the subjects
of two sermons delivered by Rev. W arner
F Day of Los Angeies at the First Con-
Church to-day. ■
"The Gospel According to Tennyson"
was the subject of ao interesting sermon
delivered by Rev. Alfred Bayley at the
Fourth Congregational Church to-night.
Rev C H Hobart, pastor of the First
Baptist Church. .«poke to-night on th^
Fubiect of "Liberty and the Liberator.
The church chorus, reorganized after
three months vacation, sang to-night
riW«*cd by Mrs. J. BardelUnl. soprano,
and Ernest aT Wolff, tenor.
Methodist Church Conferenoe
OAKLAND. Sept. The California an
nual conference of the M. E. Church will
«-<=■*.- at Pacific Grove next Wednesday.
Following are the delegates elected to
the ay Association from the First
church of this city: Mr and Mra. Edwin
q Pinch Dr. and Mrs. John Fean Mr.
and Mr"' I* N Gross. Myron T. Holcomb.
\iV*. Eleanor Humphreys, Mr and Mrs.
i«me- £ Johnson. Mrs. Mattie Shorey,
Mr and Mrs. C. W. Kinsey. Mr. and Mrs.
G^r7e Miller. O. S. Orrick. Mr. and Mrs.
An smith. Mrs. Susan Chapman. Mrs.
f^.fii* Bishop. Mr. and Mrs. George J.
w 4tark Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Sprine and
Mrs H - Z * Jones. J ' u A - T John #? n wa 1
t a . rate to the Lay Electoral
cSSfefence anl M. T. Holcomb alternate.
Temescal People Injured.
OAKLAND. Sept. 3.— Mr. and Mrs A.
Wills residing in Temescal. were thrown
from their early this evening while
driving on Fruitvale avenue near the Baa
T^-dro road, their horse shying at an
! gg^ car Mrs. Wills waa severely
brul=M and Mr. Wills, who had struck on
XiK i head? suffered concussion of the brain
Both were takan to the receiving hospital
i for treatment.
THIS SAX FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 4. 1599.
DOLLAR PLEDGE
TO BE OBSERVED
BY TAX MAKERS
Council Accepts the
Auditor's Figures.
MAYOR WILL NOT OBJECT
MATTY PET SCHEMES HAVE TO
BE SIDETRACKED.
Including Bond Interest and Redemp
tion the Total Levy Will
Be One Dollar and Sev
enteen Cents.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
KB Broadway. Sept. 3.
Last evening at a quiet and Bounced
meeting- of a majority of the Ccuncllmen
In the City Clerk's oflff the tax levy was
practically fixed at ?1 17. These are the
figures upon which the- last administration
was elected, which are included Id the
Mayer's message ar.d which are repeated
in the estimates of the Auditor.
Counciimen Barstow; Mott. Meese, Glr
ard, Upton and ■""■-■ and also Mayer
Snow and Auditor Breed, attended the
meeting. The rest of The Counciimen are
either out of town or could not be pres
ent, but those in attendance represented
a majority, and as they can pass the or
dinance ar.d the Mayor has signified his
intention of approving it. the matter may
be considered as settled.
"When Auditor Breed presented his esti
mates one month ago an attempt was
made to reduce in me place* and in
crease in others. For several evenings the
Council, silting as a committee of the
whole, discussed the tax levy ana the
Auditor's details. But they have at las;
arrived at the conclusion that the work
of Mr. Bre^d is practically perfect and
that it will admit of no changes.
The city will be maintained on the dol
lar limit, and the li cents is for bond in
terest and redemption.
The Auditor's apportionment of each
fund was sustained, with the single ex
ception of adding enough money to the
general fund to pay the expenses of a
bond election; and this was done by cut
ting a half-cent from the police fund and
adding it to the general fund.
The entire estimates involved the ex
penditure of nearly JI.OOQ.OM. and as this
is Auditor Breed's first essay in the direc
tion of municipal finance hi? office is par
ticularly pleased. It is somewhat remark
able that the Auditor's estimates were not
changed; when it is considered that near
ly every Councilman wanted money for
some specific improvement in his ward.
and consequently was ready to cut eeti
matf= if elven an opportunity.
BERKELEY NOW AWAITS
COACH COCHRAN'S ARRIVAL
BERKELEY, Sept. 3.— Garret Cochran
Is expected to arrive at the University of
California on the 15th of this month.
With him will come Kelly, the crack
halfback of Princeton. Both men will be
gin immediately to ~et the Berkeley team
Sixty players will be on the gridiron
when the first kickoff of rha season takes
place. This is the number that signed the
roll last week, and it includes some of the
best material the blue and gold has seen
on the field. Of the olu varsity men who
played in last Thanksgiving game but
thre^ have had to lay tide their padded
football suits. Athearn forsakes the grid
iron this year because of a pressure of
college work. Craig and Bart Thane are
no longer eligible for places in the team.
Cochran will, therefore, have to pick out
' three men f"r these positions. To masters
is practically conceded the place of end
instead of Craig, and to Gamman. the
freshman just entered, the place of quar
ter back instead of Thane. Atuearn's
position as center is still unfilled.
Cochran's advent will be the signal for
a tremendous outburst of enthusiasm on
the part of the college men. As the coach
of last year's victorious team, he has been
idolized" since the big game, and this sea
son will probably be ahead of any past
one in demonstrations connected with the
football field.
USED A HATCHET
WITH TELLING EFFECT
LrMBSTRoars hand nearly
SEVERED IN A ROW.
Martin Dearson Has His Cheek Cut
Open Upon His Refusal to Give
His Drunken Visitor
Money.
OAKLAND. Sept. Shortly after 1
o'clock this afternoon four hangers-on at
Mrs. Appleton'B ealoon at Fourth and Jef
ferson streets, created a disturbance and
were ordered out by the barkeeper, Alfred
LJmbstrom. One of the quartet, said to
be Thomas Downey, resisted and the bar
keeper was compelled to use force to eject
him. While being pushed out Downey
whipped out a lather's hatchet and aimed
a terrific blow at the barkeeper, who
raised his arm just in time to receive the
full force on his right hand, which was
almost severed.
The assault was witnessed by George
"West who was not slow In declaring It
to be a cowardly act. Shortly afterward,
on hi? way home. Wept was set upon by
Downey with his hatchet and received a
scalp "wound which required several
•uitches. At the Receiving Hospital it is
believed hat Limbstrom's hand can be
Esved.
Thomas Downey, the hatchet wielder,
was Errested by Officers Cockerton and
Swain late to-night on Jefferson street
and taken to the City Prison, where ho
was booked for assault to murder. He Is
a lather by occupation and has a family.
At the residence of Martin Deai son, a
longshoreman; 714 Franklin street, there
was' also a bad cutting scrape last night.
Shortly after 6 o'clock a painter giving
the name of Charjes H. Hall, but known
as "Walley." who had been visiting the
longshoreman, got insulted over a re
fusal of a loan of 50 cents and drawing a
large pock-H knife, slashed Dearson's
right cheek, inflicting a wound five inches
Hail then shed from the house, closely
folio- ■■ by arson, who chased him five
blocks, when the police took a hand and
arrested both. Hall was charged with
drunkenness, but the more serious charge
of assault will probably be entered
against him. Dearson was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where it required
fourteen stitches io close hi* wound.
.■ m ■
Dtad Man Wasned Ashore.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 3.— Dan Doyle, a
street sweeper, discovered' the remains of
an unknown mar. at the foot of St.
Charles street about 5 o'clock this morn
ing. The body was badly decomposed and
had the appearance of having been in the
water for about three weeks. From his
style of dree? it would appear the man
was s sailor. The remains were those of
a young man live feet eight inches in
height, weighing about E3 pounds. He
wore a dark vest, twill trousers, a dark
blue cotton shirt, with small red stripes,
light underwear and a pair of rough con
gress gaiters. Around the waist was a
leather belt.
Wedekind Under Arrest.
OAKLAND. Sept. Oregon T. Wede
kind a United States prisoner, arrested in
Montana on a charge of sending unmail
able matter through the mails, arrived at
the County Jail to-night, en route to San
?ainc!»co. where he will b« tried In the
.Federal Court, -
HAPPILY MARRIED
HALF A CENTURY
♦"* VP. AND MRS J. P. LANTHEAUME celebrated yesterday the golden c
/A / anniversary cf :h*>:r marriaee at their home. 2*313 Mission street. •*■
I V The ased but sprightly pair have passed Bitty years of happy wed- O
V * ded life together ar.d. surrounded by their children, grandchildren. ♦
>, i four great-gr&ndehildre= and many warm-hearted friends, they o
were again united in holy matrimony by the Father Grant of St. Peter's; £
Chm-er decked with greens and flowers and a generous feast 0
. j,,!, Lj things followed the ceremony- Only two of the children were ♦
ftteent* and ! they sent telegrams of remembrance. The remaining four. Mrs. O
T P A'd-i Mrs. Charles A- Perkins. John A. Lantheaume and Mrs. F. J. ♦
Hood were 'with their parents. There has never been a death in the family »
° : v . vrnd^MrSSntheaume married in 1549 in Philadelphia. They soon %
pmicra'ed tolthe Middle West and afterward to Montana, which they left o
fJTifSVfor the gold fields of California- Although he has now retired from +
business. Mr. Lantheaume has for many years conducted a large florist "
bus-mess in the Mission. O
SPIRITUALISM
DISCUSSED BY
ITS EXPONENTS
The State Convention
Is Closed.
OUTLOOK SAID TO BE GOOD
SKY PILOTS OCCUPATION IS
LIKENED TO OTHELLO'S.
Delegates Declare That the Change
Called Death Is Not Necessary
to Demonstrate the Spirit
ual Existence.
The fourth annual convention of the
California State Spiritualists' Association
closed yesterday. The three days" session
is said to have been one of the most suc
cessful gatherings of the believers in thai
faith e\er held here. Yesterday'? meet
in? was devoted to a series of brief ad
dresses by prominent speakers on subjects
of special interest to the spiritualists.
Odd Fellows' Hall was Oiled to the doors
with a crowd that gave all its attention
to the speakers and frequently added
their approval to the statements made by
prolonged ar.d enthusiastic applause.
The afternoon session was called to or
der by the new president, W. D. J. Ham
bly. He expressed the opinion that the
outlook for the growth and prosperity of
th« organization was never better, ar.d in
a short address Introduced the retiring
presiding officer. M. S. Norton, who spoke
on the subject of "Mental Science in
Spiritualism." . He said that with the
growth of spiritualism the "occupation of
the sky pilot was gone." "I believe." said
the speaker, "that it Is c-r duty to so
conduct this spiritual wo« of ours that
man will learn to know himself. Let us
be spiritual spiritualists."
Mrs. Addle Ballou followed with a dis
course on "Spiritualism in the Light Ci
"DEATH DOES NOT
CHANGE THE SPIRIT."
6 — 2
. •$,
nf\NE of the «test revelations O
$ I lof spiritualism Is that ■"■■"■ 1
Oil death itself does not convert £'
♦ *"^ the human spirit Into any- *
0 thing but what It is— even its sins '-
1 or its virtues remain with it. It 1
? Soaa not so much matter what we X
B think or guess of the future, as £>
T what we are prepared to do. '— I
V Elizabeth Lowe Watson. 6
a "The present convention of the 1,
% California State Spiritualists' As- %
<3 sociation has done more for the •:
'j advancement of the faith in this 3
£' State than has been accomplished v
A here by any previous gathering of .
% spiritualists. San Francisco has i
0 treated the visiting delegates roy- O
ally."— President W. D. J. Ham- X
Z bly. S
S' v ■ • • '6
Reason Religion and Research." She de
plored that there was considerable spirit
ual unreasoning, especially among those
who claim the spirit phenomenon as a
fact without being able to demonstrate
it. She believed that the religious belief
of the spiritualists is the most consistent
with the happiness of man for the reason
that "those whom we have loved and who
have gone before return in the spirit and
let us know of their welfare in the great
beyond." . . 'V :
••T v ii« is one of our greatest desires."
=he raid. "It is that which gives us the
assurance through nature, reason and
demonstration that we are immortal."
"Spirit Here and Now was the subject
discussed by Henry Harrison Brown, late
of Topeka, Kans, He expressed sorrow
for th:>*e who do not believe In the spirit
ualistic faith, but said that he had no time
to stop and argue with them. He believes
that man is in the spirit here and now.
•'This Is the greatest thought he has
ever attempted .to grasp," he continued.
"Heretofore we have lived from without,
but now we live from within, ignoring en
tirely all external influences. We need not
wait for the change called death to dem
onstrate our spiritual existence. We are
neither Faints nor sinners— we are embryo
gods on earth. We can have either heav
en or hell, as we choose. That depends
entirely upon ourselves, as we become
factors in cur evolution."
Professor W. C. Bowman took th» place
Golden Wedding of a
Weil-Known Mis
sion Couple*
?n the programme of Mrs. Eudora B. Mar
cen, who was unable to be present on ac
count of sickness. Her subject was
•"Spiritualism In Our Daily Life." Pro
fessor Bowman did not attempt to follow
the subject, but started to infuse a little
fun into the session. He said that three
and a half hours of. talking: 7.-ithout music
was simply awful, especially when no
doctors had been provided to save the
audience from being talked to death.
"This thing without music," he said,
"is like a lemonade with the lemon left
out. But, getting down to business, who
knows what spiritualism is. anyway?
Some say it is science, others that it is
philosophy and still others that it is re
ligion. The fact is, it is all three."
A. Mark Stoddard of Alameda was down
or. the programme to throw light on the
question, "Where Are We At?" He was
not very clear 01 the subject himself. He
said that he was a spiritualist, but that
he dl . not know why, and that he did
not believe that any of the spiritualists
knew what they believed In. He disagreed
with all of the speakers who had preceded
him, and said he expected to do the same
with all that followed him. When he fin
ished his remarks President Hambly took
occasion to reassure the audience by In
forming them that he "guessed we are all
there yet."
Other subjects discussed were: "The Ly
ceum a Factor in the Formation of Char
actor." v. T. Jones; "A Search for Hap
piness," C. H. Wadsworth; "The Next
Progressive Step." Thomas G. Newman:
"Enemies of Spiritualism." Dr. W. 8.
Hall: "Unknown Spiritualists." George W.
Haws: "Spiritualism.*' Dr. George W.
Carpenter; "The Good Outlook." Dr. H. C
Johnson. Durir.g the afternoon solos were
rendered by Mrs. Sadie Cooke, Professor
S. T. Van'Luven a^d Professor W. C.
Bowman.
The feature of the evening session was
an able address by Mrs. Elisabeth Lowe
Watson. She said'briefiy:
After all of the good thing! that I have
htard from the rifted speakers who have
addressed th!e convention it seems to oh
that after ail »•» have been drifting—
Coating- For -.-•=- rears tit human
spirit has been longing for something higher
than itself — it needed the Interpreter— it
needed the conscious soul. Only as we
live can the higher and better thines
coiae to us. If we cannot make the i cat
of thli life we cannot make the best of any
ether life. Spiritualism Is what rives us
our <Ia!lr inspiration, encouragement and
consolation. We gToi according to our
Ideals. This world Is cn'.y the prirnarr
school in which we are placed to learn our
lessees well. If we would know peace and
plenty we rr.ast Snd the way to the hearts
of men and women, that they may under
stand the truth of happiness. lac
heave-« kr.cw ail about us. but the key to
that heaven Is the soul Itself The world
is my country; to do pood Is my religion.
Other numbers on the evening's pro
gramme were: Tenor solo, Hugh Cal:en
der: vocal chorus. Convention Choral
Club; address. Professor W. C. Bowman:
vocal solos. Mrr.e. Bert Godalr Adams and
MSss Marlon Trade.
Elks Eat Bullsh*ad.
OAKLAND. 'Sept. 5.— A band of fifty
Elks of Oakland Lodge No. 171 made
merry at a bullshead breakfast given to
day in the grove at Sac Rafael. They
were the guests of Frank Ench. the cap
italist, residing at 1757 Tenth avenue. East
Oakland. The affair was in the nature of
an annual outing. Theodore Gier acted
as | astmaater.
■ ♦ ■
Punishing a London Pirate,
Revenge Is sweet, and a complete tri
umph over the foe Is a most satisfactory
teeling. £«:• there must be one young lady
in London who is perfectly happy. She
happened. in going from Kensington east
ward, to step into one of those pirate
'buses which are particularly rife at holi
day time. In tendering her customary
twopence she was informed thai there
were no fares under sixpence, and. as old
two other victims, who were her only
fellow passengers, she paid. The day was
dirty, the rain falling, and walking most
unpleasant, so the vehicle was stopped
many times to allow would-be passen
gers" to enter, but to each and all the
young woman, who was cosily ensconced
at an" end seat, said In dulcet tones: "Ex
cuse me, but are you aware that this Is a
pirate 'bus? There Is no fare below six
pence." Every "one of the people thanked
her, and stepped " down. At Hyde Park
there was quite a crowd waiting to pet a
lift. As they boarded the "bus. however,
they were met with the silvery notes
warning them of their danger and the nat
ure of the vehicle in which they proposed
to travel. The result was that the 'bus
remained empty, save for its original pas
sengers, till Chancery lane was reached,
where the young lady alighted, and a3
she nodded the conductor "Good morr.
hig," she seemed well pleased with her-
London Telegraph.
• m •
A Five-Pound Tomato.
A specimen of the tomato family was
brought to this office Saturday which
deserves the prize for size -an<l beauty,
and was without any doubt the uraresi
one ever seen in this city. It was of
the noted Ponderosa variety and as
raised by John Farmer at his -iome. cor
ner of Fifth avenue and Tenth street,
this city. The specimen ighed five
pounds and was the largest one ever
seen by any member of the Ledger
staff. It was perfect in every way and
would make enough for a large family
to eat at one meal. Mr. Fanner has a
way of raising these tomatoes of his
own, wliich is very ingenious.—Colum
bus, Ga., Ledger.
.■m ■ ■
The poorhouses In forty-five Kan*a*
counties are empty, and in thirty-»«^'«^
counties 'here iB cot a case on the crim
inal docket.
HEW RECTOR
IN THE PULPIT
AT ST, LUKE'S
Dr. Garrett Begins His
Pastorate.
A STRONG INITIAL SERMON
BISHOP MORELAXD CONDUCTS
COMMUNION SERVICE.
The Incumbent Greets His Con
g^reg-ation With Stirring Words
for Work and
Zeal.
The Rev. D. C. Garret: preached yes
terday morning his first sermon in this
city at St. Luke's. A brilliant throng
crowded the edifice to its fullest capacity,
and many who came were unable to gain
admittance. Bishop. Mor eland was the
celebrant of the communion service. -
The vested choir of fifty voices under
the direction of the choirmaster and or
ganist. W. A. sabin, rendered the com
munion service in F. by Tours, and the
anthem, "I Will Sing of Thy Power," by
Sullivan, in beautiful harmony.
The new rector preached a vigorous and
able sermon, outlining his work in his
newtcharge In a stirring exhortation, "Be
Strong." He said, in part:
Wbere can we find a better ten to strike
the keynote of tbe beg-.nnir.g of this Dew
rectorship than these stirring words from
the great prophet of the return of Israel
from captivity — Hajrg-al? The decree had
pone forth for the restoration of the
temple. ' There -were hindrances to the
work. People were discouraeed and dis
appointed. Ha«gai exhorts with t*e
cry. "Be *U r.g "B* strong.'! How
often have (Sod ■ people te^a reaaimai-rd
by just such an appeal. The key word
of .... is "build" or "work."
I cannct maie a literal application of
the?* words of Ban to St. Luke"* par
ish. Your. nay. our. building is about com
pleted The * conditions that confronted
Israel at the time Haggai prophesied find
Email counterpart here. Under the
leadership of one whose spirit of
prophecy and strength la service have
been recegr-lzed and claimed by the pen
era! church you have buiided well. That
handsome edifice across the street stands
as a monument to the united efTorts of
priest and people. It is wonderful how
much you have accomplished. And yet the
work is not finished.
Hagra! says to the minister, "Be strong
and work." If any one ought to work
hard, the minister should. No grander
vocation than his. I come to you my
brethren, in this spirit. With God's help I
shall be a worker. How much there !s to
do !n a. parish like this! How diversified
the work". Not only in the preparation of
■en --.-:■ holding- of services
must the minister work, but Jn what 5s
equally Important, yes. often a hundred
fold more Important, the pastoral and prac
tical ministrations ......... life.
The work of every irue priest and rector
Is not limited to the confines of so-called
parochial acts. In a sense, the community
mod be his parish. Every good cause, no
matter in what name, must enlist his sym
pathi*s and support. No greater tribute
to any minister than to have it said. "He
belonged to the city, and the whole peo
ple held him as their own." Without
neglecting his own particular duties Ml
pastor to his own nsresntl n the min
ister who works will be Interested in
libraries, hospitals, schools, organized
charities, kindergartens and every ether
rood things. It Is -- artificial distinction
we sometimes make between so-called
church wort and outside work. In the
broadest, truest sense all good work is
church work. and nothing that- helps man
kind Is really cutside the church, which
should make itself commensurate with hu
manity in the community where It Is placed.
NEW INSTRUMENT
Called the Nethoscope for Precision
in Studying Cloud Forms.
A step In advance in the science of me
teorology has been made at the Audito
rium tower. A new Instrument by means
of which an ectirel-- new precision in
=---, : -.- of cloud forms and movements Is
possible has been placed. This new piece
of apparatus is called the nethos ope.
This little device enable? exact observa
tion of cloud movements, and it Is hoped
that after some time the weather men
wiil be able to foretell from the action
and conformation of the clouds swimming
in the bright sky the weather that Is to
come. They think it not unlikely that
long series of observations in many places
in all weathers will give data that will
connect certain cloud forms wit comsn?
thunder-storms or cold waves or drench
ing rain c or cyclones. Again, it is expect
ed thatarter ions observation the velocity
of the clouds may enable the forecasters
to predict the winds to come.
However, all this is in the future. For
the present the weal men can do no
mo~e than take observations with t^e
rethoscopo day and night md Sundays
and send the carefully marked charts to
Washington, where mathematicians will
compare states of the barometer with the
cloud shapes and speeds. It has been
found already that there is connection be
tween the cloud conformations and veloc
ities within single thermal zones.
The nothoscope is simple. A circular
mirror with black instead of silver back
ground is fixed in a frame so that It can
be accurately leveled. Rising upward
from one edge of the black mirror Is a
Eteel wire that has a cross-arm, also of
wire. The two look like a ship's mast
with a yard across it. From the tip of the
mast, to make the resemblance more com
plete, runs a thread of ri^iring that ex
tends to the center of the black mirror
and there vanishes through a hole.
The instrument is used by retting a
sieht of the cloud In the black mirror.
Then the mastllke wire is moved until
the eye sights over its tip and ju.n
catches the edge of the cloud's reflection
at the center of the mirror. The tiny
thread is pulled taut from masthead to
center and Its angle from the plane of the
mirror measured with a scale. Next a
calculation ie made and the angle of the
cloud's altitude is secured. From this car.
be deduced the cloud's height from the
ground. This done, the measurement of
its size is simple, the observer having a
scale cut Into the polished face of the
mirror. The velocity Is measured on the
same scale, which Is on a diameter of the
circle, by moving the scale into the line
of the cloud's movement.
MUSICAL HITMAN RIBS.
A Norristown Lad Who Turns Him
self Into a Xylophone.
Eddl* "Warp, a Norristown lad. who
carries bobbins in one of the mills
there, has a set of musical ribs. Eddie
is very thin, and his ribs protrude dis
tinctly. The latest music is drawn
from them in the following manner:
The boy sits down and tucks his shirt
up about his neck. He takes in each
hand an empty bobbin and draws a
long breath, which throws the ribs into
the greatest prominence. With the bob
bins he then plays on them as ordinary
musicians play on xylophones, extract
ing: the tune from the right-side ribs
and the accompaniment from the left-
Bide ones. The upper ribs give the high
notes and the lower ones the low notes.
E is the key of the first or topmost rib.
and F is that at the bottom, though
Eddie Warp, by stopping of! a rib with
his fingers, as violinists stop off a
string, can raise or lower the pitch
greatly.
Eddie's music la not very loud, but it
would easily fill a concert hall. The
Urslnus Tennis Club ha* been after
him for some time, offering him large
inducements to play at one of their
musical teas, but he is modest and re
fuses to play before women, arguing
that his peculiar kind of music necessi
tates an exposure too great to be toler
ated in a mixed audience. — Philadelphia
Record.
| next SUMDArS CALL will be I
ijz an especially interesting paper. \
\i Don't fail to get a copy.
DETECTIVES ARE
SEARCHING FOR
A CLEVER THIEF
Robbed a Number of
Lodging Houses.
KNOWN AS AN EX-CONVICT
HE IS AI.SO WANTED IN SOUTH
ERN CALIFORNIA.
His Picture. Which Adorns the
Rogues" Gallery, Positively
Identified by One of
His Victims.
Captain Bohen had several of the de
:c-ctives scouring- the tenderloin last night
n search of an ex-convict who -.3 com
mitted at least a dozen burglaries dur
ing the past two weeks. Always well
Pressed ar.d clever of speech, the daring
crook has succeeded in gaining' entrance
to some of the most fashionable board
ing- houses of the city, and robbing the
guests while they were at dinner. Ac
cording to police he disdains jewelry,
evidently fearing arrest in case he at
tempted to dispose of it. and he has con
fined his efforts to finding th« money of
his victims.
Last Friday evening he entered a house
at *?2 OTarrell street, and awaiting a
favorable opportunity he forced open the
door of a room occupied by a Mrs. Mal
... On the bureau were Mrs. Mallett's
jewelry and a purse containing }10. The
audacious thief did not touch the jewelry,
but took the contents of the F urs £- c
■..--. leaving the room by one of the
guests in the house, who. suspecting
something wrong, proceeded to question
him. The ex-convict pretended that he
was anxious to see a woman whom he had
met the previous night, and as la expla
nation seemed satisfactory he was al
lowed to depart. A few minutes later
the burglary was discovered and the po
lice were at" once notified. Since then th*
fellow has similarly robbed several rooms
In different lodging houses, securing only
a small amount of money. Yesterday the
guest who saw him leaving the house on
O'Farreii street positively Identified his
picture which adorns the rogues' gallery.
Not-withstanding the reticence of the
police It is known that in addition to the
burglaries committed by him in this city
he is also wanted In Southern California
on a more serious charge. Whether it is
murder or not the detectives who are try
ing to apprehend him refuse to state, but
intimate that the charges of burglary
which they have against him are insig
nificant compared with the crime for
which he is wanted in the south. * ler ."
day the sleuths of the "upper once
visited several lodging houses in the
tenderloin in the hope of getting a clew
to tb* whereabouts of the much wanted
criminal. They seem satisfied that they
will land him 'behind prison bars before
WARS FROM TRIFLES.
Petty Quarrels That Have Brought
on Some Bloody Conflicts.
Many wars have had trifling causes.
A dispatch altered in one or two points
by Bismarck brought on the Franco-
German conflict. Palmerston said
facetiously that only three men in
Europe ever knew what the Schleswifc-
H v.stein troubles which led to the wars
were abo»t, and two of them died be
fore the conflict began, while he. the
third man, had forgotten. A slighting
reference by Frederick the Great of
Prussia to Mme. Pompadour of France
was I said to have been one of the
cau=es of the seven years' war. some
times called the "war of the three
petticoats" from the fact that the
France of Pompadour and the Russia
of Catherine II joined the Austria of
Maria Theresa against Frederick.
According to John Bright. England
and her allies drifted Into the Crimean
war without realising It until after
they got in. and they did not know
what they were fighting for even after
they started, while it is certain that
evervthir.g which was supposed to have
been fixed by that results of a quarter
of a century of war beginning with
the commencement of the French Rev
olution and ending with Waterloo
"pleased nobody and settled nothing "
according to Sheridan. The average
person who lived In those day knew
as little about the causes of the
daughter as old Kaspar did about the
battle of Blenheim when questioned by
little Peterkin.
The Superior. Court of South Carolina
has* decided that a citizen of that State is
at liberty to go Into a neighboring: State
and purchase and bring back a« much
liouor for his own use as he chooses.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
EELTI^a
Lf> rrfilTW Manufacturer of Beltlnstacd
F. I CUt?«, Lace Leather. 105-IOTM- «
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to Geary Street, abore Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS ANT' STATIONERY.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1««.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. HL.TTH. Mgr.
C. H. Smith. Ship Plumfcinz, Steamboat
end Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18
Vtshinaton St Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
It^ R^YF^ ff ffl ShlPPteii Butchers. \H
JA3 DJlt3 1 VU,, gay. Tel. Main r»4.
FURS.
J I\. LVrjIAV, t t/!»t. lowest p-Jcw, »ero<J«.ln f
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & Medley. Props-
-234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wil I fIMFTTF PLLP AND pApE * c-"**.
TYILLAmLIIL 22 Montgomery Sir***.
FRINTI.NO.
£■ C HUGHES, sn "!£££?• c,
THE EICKS-JKDP CO.. „££!£% nfffe
STATIONED AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic PARTRIDGE r^^-
WHITe ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by th«
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at tU
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
Is the Best Coal in the Market.
OSSct and Yards d!t Main street,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62£»KZHJEtaY*T} Es:abn&h»d
%Inl »3 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
■L disease wearies ou body ac i mind and
■ Sicln D'«*asra. doc tor res lien
■ others falL Try him. Cb»r?es low.
|C«re>naraolerd. CaJlorwr!t«.
Dr. 4. t. tiXBBOX, Box ISK»T, 3*a Tnadxo.
78
SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 5:30 o'clock. |
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o clock.
659 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
618 Larldn street: open until 9:30 o' clock.
1841 Mission Street; open until 10 o clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
lot Eleventh street: open until 9 o clock.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open unt!l 9 o'clock.
"~ CHURCH SERVICES.
DIVINE services «■%>%«« m/oa
will be held <Utr- _} 7' J|| |
lr.g the coming a* I 111 I
holidays by Rev.
M M. Golden at the LAROE opera hall, cor- j
ncr Grove and Laguna sts.; tickets can be
hrd at above hall all day TO-PAY: also at
1158 Golden Gate aye.: tickets, $; and $150.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. 16, »^|r
K. T., Golden Gate building, 625 amr 1
Sutter St.- Stated assembly THIS KM
EVENING, at S o'clock. Th« Order 13*»
of the Temple will be conferred. All v
f raters are courteously Invited.
J. C. CAMPBELL, Km. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder. ■
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. ■
Royal Arch Masons, meets this _J%_
EVENING. Business arid M. M. de- ityT
gTee. f^r '
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. ■
M— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at _J\-
s V 1 irk. stated meeting. By order of It 2\
the W. M. '^r>
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. at
M.— Stated meeting THIS PAY (MON-
day) .September 4. ISS9. at S o'clock T£_K
p. m. By orJer of the W.M. f^w "
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
PIONEERS— The regular -TrfifiSKjwtfSrjjw
tember 4, 1839, at 7 3'"' - al^^ '™ * r
o'clock. Mr. J. M. Hutchlngs will address
the members. J. I. SPEAR, Secretary.
A. O. H. DIVISION No. 2— The regularfa^r*,
monthly meeting of this division will \\\\\.W
1 be heM at Hlbemia Hall, 120 Ninth \. 'i
st., on TUESDAY, September 5, att^Vjya
7:30 D. m. Final arrangements _J"^j_r
for our picnic next Saturday will be made.
A full attendance earnestly requested.
BARTLY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Dairymen's Union of California will be held
at ' the office of the corporation. 124-126-128
. Davis St., on MONDAY, September 11, 1599,
at 1 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing
directors for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. . S. H. CHEDA. Sec.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. King, attorney at law.
sixth floor. Chronicle building: no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., ;tra\vn; moderate fees; call or write.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
mover" their law offices to the Parrott build-
Ing, 825-555 Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
_. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free;' no fees in advance.
J. R. PARKER, 916 Market St., room 67; advice
free; charge low: business pushed.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
NAGLE & NAGLE. Attorneys-at-Law, Emma
Spreckels building. 927 Market st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages; sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postase rain .
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. X BALLARD, 401 Cal. St., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms: ref.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exehanffe.
COLUMBIA bicycles rented and sold at Al-
len's immense bicyclery teaching, Academy
Hall Sox ion feet: repairing;. 1 ■•■•■ to 1974 Page.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
BOTEiTfa I RMu UNT— S t riet b^'nTs t^c!assTl7l4
Market st., S. F. Cal.: American and Euro-
pean plan: elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room, $1 per day up;
suites with' board, $J per day; single rooms,
tOe; special rates by month, also to tourists.
FRUITVALE; priv. board: extensive grounds
lncl. orchard; Hopkins House, Hopkins and
Frultvale ay. ; cars pass. Ad. Diamond P. O.
EDDY 611— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
board optional; home cooking; bath.
GEARY, 93S— Handsome suite and bath; front
garden; separate entrance.
LAS PALMAS, I*2o Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, fcultable for 4; private; bath; board op.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
PERRY, 174— Nicely furnished room, with bath;
also board If required.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 page's. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS board and 3 rooms In private
family for 3 persons. Apply box 2465. Call.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— Children to board; home comforts;
large sunny yard. Call or address, 515 Eighth
St., Oakland.
LADY would like one or two children to take
care of at home. 9H Oak Grove aye.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Bonk Co., 704 Mission St., near Third.
" BUSINESS CHANCES.
PHOTO gallery and supply store 100
Furniture store; good business 600
General merchandise store; country town 2500
Steam laundry business: country town.... 1000
Three saloons at bargains.
To locate In business and make safe invest-
ments call or write
PACIFIC COAST EXCHANGE.
Room 3, 1007V4 Market St.. near Sixth.
11050— GROCERY, bar and coal yard; best lo-
cation.-
-SICO and bar; cheap rent; good
business.
$600— Grocery, no bar; many other chances.
GERMAN-AMERICAN, 34 Kearny st.
$550— SALOON; best bargain in the city on ac-
count of sickness. MCLAUGHLIN _ CO.,
7774 Market at.
t225— CANDY and Ice cream parlor. McLAUGH-
_ LIN _ CO., lllhi Market st.
RESTAURANT doing good business; party
give full Investigation or trade for lodging
house and pay; money to lend. EITEL, 100SH
Market at. '
$80— FRUIT stand; fine business; 3 living
rooms; low rent. UASILE, 3 Eddy st.
IF you want to buy a good restaurant call and
see for yourself; S7 chairs; new range; no
agents. 60S and 610 Seventh st.
SALOON, Harmony Hall, northeast corner
Post and Kearny sts.; will sell at a sacrifice;
cause sickness; call this day.
WHOLESALE and retail wine business on
Market St.; established 9 years; steadily grow-
ing bar and family trade; domestic reasons
for selling; intending buyers with ready cash
address for particulars D. E. N., box 3203,
Call office; no agents or trlflers.
PARTNER wanted In a very profitable manu-
facturing business; article covered by patent;
goods sold for cash; experience not necessary'
■'«" required; part to be used in advertising
will bear investigation. Box 2454, Call.
PARTNER wanted In a saloon; good
Stock; paying business; partner preferred to
gher he][,; not absolutely necessary to have
perlence in this line, but must be a trust-
worthy man. 632 Market st., room 6.
WANTED— To buy half interest In carriage and
•wagon shop by a carriage blacksmith. Ad-
dress box 2491, Call office.
FURNISHED dining room; fine location; good
patcpnage; part of fixtures for sale; cheap.
Box 2473. Pali. .
BAKERY; must be sold to-day; stock and
furniture; on account of retiring. 3025 Sacra-
mento st.
FRUIT and candy store; doing good business;
good location;, proprietor sick; terms reason-
able; trial given. Address box 3225. Call.
WANTED— Capital to back manufacture of
automobiles, gasoline motor?, etc.; have fa-
cilities. Box 2401. Call.
WANTED— Lodging house; 30 to 45 rooms; cen-
tral; cash buyer; no agents. Box 1343, Call.
NOTICE— Having buyers willing to invest In a
legitimate business. HEALY, 917 Market et.
_ .
EM.M.I. capital; one of the best businesses In
America. J. R. PARKER, 916 Market, r. 67.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
CIGAR and stationery store; large business: '
long lease; low rent; living rooms. 256 Third.
BRANCH bakery, candy, notions; 2 living-
rooms; want an offer. 806% Filbert st.
FOR SALE— Bakery and delicacy store. 2017
Sixteenth St., near Howard.
$700 — MILK route; 66 gallons per day; 3 horsee,
1 wagon and buggy and cans. 313 Langton.
A BARGAIN— Grocery and bar, cheap; living
rooms. J. RAHN. 219 Eleventh st.
WOOD and coal yard, 2 teams; sales 59 tons
monthly. BECK, r>3s Market st.
WOULD rent a dairy of 100 cows for half the
income. JOHN BOLL O*ean View.
ELECTRICIAN and locksmith's shop; good]
location; no agents. Address box 2471, Call, j
WANTED— Partner in printing business. 344
McAllister st. !
$600— CIGAR stand and candy store; good cor.; I
transfer point; invesgt. Cor. Post and Taylor, j
ACROPOLIS ohophouae, Sutro Heights: cheap;
going to Europe. No. 6, half block from baths. |
FOR SALE— A good paying branch bakery and
coffee parlor. Inquire at 819 Larkin st.
BALOON: $350: 12 Seventh: fixtures alcne worth
price asked; selling account of sickness.
SALOON and lunch house. liO First St., cor.
Natoma, or 224 Front st. : no agents.
BAKERY and delicacy: suitable for man and
wife; «»od location; cheap. Apply Call.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S\4l2 Sacramento st^
PRIVATE boarding house: 15 rooms; all full;
north of Market. Box 1241. Call offlcs.
GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR sale— Good paying Inside route on this
paper. Apdy Call office.
BARGAIN— Meat market; $200; splendid local-
Ity; (ash business. Apply owner. 506 Castro.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 86S-J57 Tehama Ft.; tel. 8. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S California «'aipet Cleaning Co.,
43 Stevenson St.; tel. South ':- ■"-■ rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 304. QEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.: tel Jessie 944
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co . 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission
CfiXKI.IN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.. ; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleanir.c an.! Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND MIRIIIALISM.
MRS DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your "enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections: unites the sep-
arated; recovers lost, stolen or buried pp'i'-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life. past, present ami future,
while In a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Market st , near Sixth. Always consult
the best
MME I. A NOE. the great clairvoyant, tells past
•nd future: never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian Becret; shows picture of future hus-
haiid or wife; fee. 2. r .c and up: satisfaet!'
everybody; lucky numbers. 1167 Market st..
bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and s- v i I
sight: diagnoses disease: full life readings;
holies. 60c; gents. $1 ; sittings. Jl b<~> 12 Turk
JOHN SLATER: circle to-night, 8:15. 1809 Stock-
ton st., near Greenwich; sittings daily, io to 4.
MRS .1 J WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton,
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past, present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., r 12
lOUR future told by cards, 25c; dally, 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m. ; Sun., 7 to 10 p. m. I<'a Larkin.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near MI-
AN honest medium; truthful messages or no
charge; readings $1. 969 Hayes ?-t.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
r In spiritualist readinj;. 25c up. 5 7th.
MRS c .1 MEYER. 385 McAllister, tests daily ex-
cept Wed.Sat.;2&Bp.m.,loc&2sc;sittings dally
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2r.c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band'f picture. 25c; ladles, f-14 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Ajrency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 527 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE E rooms and bath: first-class condi-
tion; cas; $16; large yard. 3524 Nineteenth St.
FELL, 287— Cottage, 3 rooms; large yard ami
basement; rent $11.
SUNNY cottage, 5 and 6 rooms; corner flat of
7 rooms, bath, gas; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth st.
near Dolores.
$11— COTTAGE. 4 rooms and basement, large
yard 22 1 ,, RlngoM st.. bet. Eighth and Ninth.
DEN TI STSi
A— DR. T. 6. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artlstio
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 50c:
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up- fleFh colored plates from $3 50
up: teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Bynol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted lor 20
years, crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate, fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; plates,
full set, $.'; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket ft., cor. 4th. rrn. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without platen our specialty; gold crowns.
}S 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. tn. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m O. W. WILLIAMSON, M. IV. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2: bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates. J3; receiveil 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market Et.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of tf-fth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
MEYER, 6 Turk; Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sunday*. 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 50c up; crowns.
V. up; open evenings. 850 Market st
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns .lust arrived from New York
at McDowell Dressmaking School 103 Post
EDUCATION AL.
HEALD'B Business College. 24 Post st.. San
Kranclsoo — Bookkeeping. business practice,
■horthand, typing, languages. telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
Ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— the. >ry.
practice, design. construction. mechanical
drawing; 2', teachers; Individual Instruction;
tM graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
A NIGHT School fcr Men, Y. M. C. A., Mason
and Kills sts.— Opens October 2. Business and
industrial course -Shorthand, typewriting,
bookkeeping, electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing, German,* Spanish,
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege, call or Bend for
BChoi I catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
AYRES 1 Business College. 723 Market st. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping writing Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $60; catalogue.
A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses; references, Pres
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers-
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. Pan Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil. SJactJtoaLl Tn| B -
Ing. mech. survey.assay.archi.;day and even.;
1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Lelpslc; lessons, 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
M~G~"BARRETT, a leading court and general
i reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
SINGING piano; Paris grad.; French. Spanish,
$2 mo. 630 6. G. aye., r. 6-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, 8. F.. and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night ; correspondence.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent; translations. K>l2 (^-_ s t-
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Hus-
Inean College. 3d5 Larkin St., opp. city Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic.grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission. nr.Cth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
n ese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 132 L
' JAPANEBE-CHDVESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
j help. OKO. OAKI, 3D Geary st.; tel. Uranl i
EMI'LOJ MENT WANTED Female.
! COMPETENT Swedish girl desires situation as
cook or housework; best of references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation;
good cook and housework; host of references;
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
GERMAN mother and daughter desire a situa-
tion as cook and second girl; good ref.; city
or country. MISS H. CL'LLINAN, 323 Sutter
st. ; telephone Main 651.
FIRST-CLASS Infants' nurse desires situation;
best of ref.; city or country. MISS H. CUL-
LJNAN, 323 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation,
city or country : best ref. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED girl from New York wishes
a situation as chambermaid and waltre.es;
no cards. Call 156 Clara St.. between Fifth
and Sixth.
A REFINED Eastern lady would like a posi-
tion as housekeeper; city or country. Ad-
dress L. T.. box 2237, Call offlct.
REFINED young lady wishes lo go to the
country as companion to lady or assist light
services. Address box 2235, Call.
GERMAN girl wants a place to cook or do
housework In a private fajnily. 124 Ninth st.
SWEDISH woman wishes situation; is a good
cook. 513 McAllister st.
POSITION wanted by a trained nurse of large
experience to take entire charge of Infant
from birth or care for Invalid; good needle
woman; willing and obliging; city ur country;
first-class city references; nates $30. Box
2477. Call.
A YOUNG lady, German, a good cook and neat
housekeeper, desires housekeeper's position.
Address box 2474. Call.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged widow wishes a
situation as housekeeper in a small widower's
family or take care of invalid; city or coun-
try. Call at 1932 Mason bt. MRS. M. WIL-
S| IN.
EXPERIENCED ladies' nurse with best of ref-
erence wishes position. 145u California st..
near Lnrkin
MAN and wife desire places In a family In the
city or country: good gardener and first-class
cook, understanding French, German and
American styles; best of references. Box
2117. Call.
YoI'N'G girl wants place to do general house-
work. Call ::'.( Eleventh st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady desires situation as
housekeeper or to assist in lodging-house or
take charge of lodging-house; can give city
references. Address box 24<<r>, Call.
A PRACTICAL lady's nurse wants engage-
ments; best of reference given; can raise ba-
by en the bottle. Address 15 Powell st.
A BRANCH ofllce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
A YOUNG laily wants position as stenograph-
er an.] bookkeeper: w-11l accept small salary;
wants practice. MISS KATIE BOSS, 622
<".reen st.
SfOUNG Kirl wishes position to do general
housework in small family; wages $16 to $18.
1422 Devisadero st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 r.O night; $1 50 to $6
we.>k; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Male.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office,
lest help. 4144 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 42«.
WANTED — Work by young man; window or
housecieanlng or other work; wall paper
cleaned. HENRY ANDERSEN. 552 Hush.
telephone F.ast !>63.
AS nurse, valet and experienced traveling In-
valid attendant; European and local refer-
ences; speaks French. German and. English
Address b. .x 2235. Call office.
GERMAN, industrious, first-class gardener;
thoroughly understands the care and propa-
gating Of plants, greenhouses, fruit and vege-
tables, wants position; references. GAR-
DENER, 48S Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS rainter and r^P^rhanKer wants
work by 'lay or Job Address GEO. BO-
HANNI >N. 632 Green st.
FRENCH cook, with best references, wants
situation In a private family or private board-
ing house; city or country. Box 24ss, Call.
ENGINEER wants position; thoroughly com-
latent in fitting up, running and repairing;
for City or mines; assayer. Including own
outfit and transit; refs. Address box 2222, Call.
PAPERHANGER and winter, young mas
with best city references, will work cheap,
city or country; day or contract. Box 3480,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young man with ex-
perience in the cigar and grocery business.
Bos 2283, Call office.
RELIABLE man wishes position as driver of
delivery wagon or a position as light team-
ster; best of reference. Box 2499, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been establlßhed at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
SOBER, strong, elderly man wants work; pri-
vate family; horses, garden; useful In gen-
eral; handy with tools; wages moderate; ref-
erences. A. X., Call office, Oakland.
MARRIED man with family would like a situ-
ation on a email ranch or vineyard or or-
chard. JOHN EGLI, ocean View.
SITUATION wanted In saloon as bartender by
steady German-American; permanent posi-
tion more an object than wages; reference.
Address 5 Rltch St., third floor.
ENGINEER in search of employment; under-
stands pipe-fitting and care of amalgam
plates. Address box 2436. Call.
BAKER and pastry cook wants situation In
good house; wide experience and good refer-
ences GEORGE BTOLL. 7SI Mission st.
l.\< IHM.K.
WE can give you an exchange for anything yon
have to offer, either a building lot or busi-
ness, ranches or improved town and city
realty: write or call with particulars of your
property. Pac. Coast Exchange, l<io7^i Market.
12 ACRES silver prunes, cherries, peaches, ap-
ples and nuts; beautiful home; good Income;
exchange for lodging house. TIF.CK. T'3s Mkt.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLB, German expert optician.
1071 J -i Market st., San Francisco.
FINANCIAL.
WANTED— S3OOO for a term of 3 years; will
gl\e $12,000 security. Box 21<n, Call.
FLATS TO LET.
A?~M. SPECK & CO., 607 Market^t.~~
COTTAGES. FLATS
73118 th; 6 r $20: r.22Fe11; 3 r $13
3514 26th; 6 r 14 269 Clementina; 4 r. 12
1241 Sanchez; 5 r... 13 1374'/i Stevenson; 3 r 10
815 Jersey; 5 r 13 3iiA Tehama; 4 r.. 10
421 V 26th: 5 r 12 G4SB Jessie; 3 r 10
M 7 Jersey; 5 r Hi 521 Linden aye.; 3 r 8
A BUNNY middle corner ftat; modern Improve-
ments. 1000 Webster St., cor. Golden Gate.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath, yard. 714 Franklin St.. nr. Golden Gate.
HUSH. 12i»ty— Flat. 4 rooms; rent $12. Apply
1211 P. Bush st.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat. 5 rooms and bath : cheap.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN i lIOWEIX,
If' Montgomery st.
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath. 904 Minna St.,
near Tenth. *
GEARY. 1420V4— A sunny upper flat; six rooms;
bath; $25.
GREENWICH. 1424, bet. Polk st. and Van Ness
aye.— 6 large rooms, $18; 3 rooms, with stable,
_V.
GUERRERO, SIIA, bet. Twenty-first and
Twenty-second— Fine sunny flat of 6 rooms
and b;:th.
HAVES, 571— Flat of 5 rooms and bath; $17;
water free.
HOWARD. 1418^—7 rooms, 7 closets and bath;
cheap to good tenant.
JESSIE, 1454, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth—
Upper flat; 3 rooms, hall and cellar; $11; no
children.
NEAR City Hall: 2 upper sunny flats; 6 and <
rooms. 25 and 27 Birch aye., off Larkin, bet.
Grove and Fulton.
NOE, 597-599. cor. Nineteenth— 4 rooms. $13 60;
5 rooms, $17; corner; water free.
REAR 4 rooms and stable; $10. Apply 261S Mls-
sion st.
SACRAMENTO, 1230, near Jones— 6 handsome
rooms.
FLATS TO LET.
SUNNY flat. 5 rooms, bath and yard; rent
reasonable. 3570 Seventeenth, near Guerrero.
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms; yard, water: $10; adults.
_J Lyßett place, off Sacramento, near Jones.
THIRD. 417V4— Latest Improved flats; Ist, 8 "*»■•.
2 kitchens; 2d 7 rms., one kitchen: new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny salts.
THIRTEENTH 220 near Howard— up-
per flat, 6 rooms and bath; $16. !
TO LET-922 Valencia st.. Mission warm belt;
upper flat; 4 rooms and bath: sun all day;
rent reasonable; good locality.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073, near Castro— sunny
rooms; bath; large lot; $15: water free.
TWO sunny flats each $27 50; 8 rooms and
bath. 669 McAllister st.
UPPER flat— 22 Reed st. : 6 rooms and bath;
marine view; $20. Key 1325 Washington st.
2 CHOICE sunny fiats: 6 and 7 rooms bath;
sanitary plumbing. 1336-1340 Fell, nr. Baker. .
$20— NEW lower flat, « rooms: porcelain bath;
tiled sink: fancy mantels. 2105 Jones st.
$30—1801 MCALLISTER, cor. Baker; modern up-
per flat; 8 rooms and bath: in perfect condi-
tion; rent reduced from $37 60. BOVEE. TOY
6 SONNTAG. 624 Market st.
FLATS TO LET— -Furnished.
NEWLY furnished fiat; 7 rooms and bath;
modern conveniences. 1445 McAllister st.
FURNITURE FOII SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined. 25c to 60c; linen warp matting, 15c per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St.
SEWING machine, parlor, bedroom, kitchen
furniture for sale this week. 2815 Mission St.
$160 BUYS a flat of six nicely furnished rooms.
921Vs Mission st., near Fifth.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
2ND hand— Highest cash price paid. 859 Mission.
HELP WANTED FemaIe.
HOUSE~WORK^Belvedere, $26; Oakland. $25;
Mill Valley $20; Sausallto. $20; San Rafael.
$25; Santa 'Clara, $20; Napa. $20. and several
other towns. 20 housework girls, city, $15,
$20 and $25; 10 young girls to assist, $10 to
$15; 10 waitresses and chambermaids, city
and country, $20 and $25; 4 second girls, $20
each. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
Telephone Main 651.
A BOARDING-HOUSE cook, $25, country, see
lady here Monday morning; boarding-house
cook, city, $6 per week. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. Lincoln, $20, free fare: Ray-
mond, $20, free fare. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter st.
FREE FARE.
2 extra chambermaids, wait dinner. $1 a day;
2 extra waitresses, ;1 a day. Pacific Grove;
8 extra waitresses for Santa Cruz. $1 and
found; all to go next week; about five days'
work. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
WAITRESSES, $20 each. Dunsmuir, Tiburon.
Bakersneld, Salinas. Healdsburg. Pescadero,
Madera: 5 waitresses, city. $20; 4 chamber-
maids to wait. $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary »t.
3 COOKS for private boarding-houses, city and
country: see parties here. C. R. HANSEN _
CO., 104 Geary st.
40 COOKS, houseglrrs and second girls, $12 to
$30; German nurse girl. $20; girl for general
housework, Salinas, $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WOMAN and child; cook for men; $15. MISS
CULLEN. 225 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress; $25; references;
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sinter St.
' THREE boarding-house cooks; $30 and $25; city
and country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH second girl, $20; German girl to take
charge of boy 8 years old and sew, $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ;
WAITRESSES registered free at HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery st., room 12.
WAITRESS. $20, free tare; laundress, $25,
country. HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery.
WOMEN and girls— Apply immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD., Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; apply im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD., Brannan St.. bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRLS! GIRLS'. GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEV! STRAUSS & CO., 324 Fremont st.,
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. __•_
APPRENTICE with experience, especially one
who can make a try-on, on custom coats;
good pay while learning. Address ISI4 Mar-
ket st. _^
WANTED— Buttonhole-makers and apprentice
on good vests. 339 Fifth St.
WANTED- Woman for housework: good
home for right party. 936 Sanchez, near 23il
A NEAT, tidy girl to assist in housework;
must be able to conk. 843 Castro st. •_
WANTED— A young girl to take care of baby.
Apply 1958 Bush st.
GIRL to assist In housework and children;
wages $12. Call 532'_ Harrison st.
WANTED— Experienced waitress. 519 Post St.
Call early.
WANTED— First-class nurse to care for two
children: references required. Box 2236, Call.
GIRL to help sewing on soldiers' clothes. 2809
Greenwich st.
SMART, neat girl for light housework; wages
$10. 2777 Twenty-fourth st., corner York.
GIRL to assist in light housework and baby.
812 Ellis st. '
WANTED- A neat, steady girl for general
housework at 1021 Market at.
WOMAN to tajte care of baby and for light
housework. 46 Harriet St.. upstairs.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light house-
work; wages $10. 509 Hayes fit. \
LITTLE girl for light housework; good home;
wages $5. 906 Minna st., off _enth.
GIRLS to sew on buttons. 36VJ Fremont at.
WOMEN and rirls wanted to work on fruit at
576 San Jose aye.
AMERICAN man and wife, private family;
wife goo.l cook, man all-around workman;
references exchanged. Address CHARLES
AYMEK, 116 Fulton St. -
YOUNG men and ladles to sell a beautiful
chromo to soldiers; can make $2 a day. Call
at photo gallery, entrance to Presidio, all this
month. ; . :> ' ■
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman to assist
In housework. 1649 Mission St., between
Twelfth and Thirteenth.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. 631 Clay St.,
b.'t. Kearny and Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress to work on coats; good
wages. Apply 24 Montgomery, rms. 1 and 2.
YOUNG girl wanted for general housework.
Call 1322 Masonic aye.
SEVERAL ladies can find employment es-
pecially suited to refined women; answer Im-
medlatel} Box 2478. Call.
YOUNG girl for shooting gallery; $5 a week.
Inquire at 403 Dupont st., Jewelry store, after
6 p. m. .
STRONG girl to assist In housework; 2 chil-
dren; good home; Protestant; wages $8. Ap-
ply 612 Elizabeth st., near Castro.
WANTED— Young girl as apprentice for ladles'
tailoring; paid from start. 944 Geary St.
3 FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom pants and
apprentices on coats. 641 Market st.
YOUNG woman; good cook; $6 a week. 25
Third st.
3 LADIES capable of office work; pleasant em-
ployment 472% Thirteenth St., Oakland.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
—
HELP WANTED Male.
WANTED— 2 boys from 14 up. Apply La Grande
Laundry. Twelfth St., bet. Howard and Fol-
_ Rom; call 8 a. m.
$60 PER month, with chance of advance; steady
man to deliver goods and collect; must have
$100 cash. Apply 1032 Market St., room 4.
WANTED— Young man to work In bakery; need
not be a baker; wages to berln with, $25.
. 336 Third st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter at.
EXPERIENCED clothing cutter for wholesale
cutting. Apply Sunday morning. 18 Sutter at.
BOOTBLACK WANTED. 1206 Fillmore st
barber-shop. ,
SHOEMAKER wanted immediately on custom
repairing; Joe Sheay preferred. 270 Noe st.
GOOD barber; steady. 40SV. Sixth st
HELP WANTED — Male.
WANTED— SO hop" pickers "forSonoma County,
$1 10 per 100; fruit pickers, $1 day and found.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— helper, $35 and board; 8
cooks and wives for country hotels, $45, 100
and $65; French cook, $55; hotel and board-
ing house cooks, $30; restaurant cooks, wait-
ers, dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento at.
WANTED— Salesman for furnishing depart-
ment; American; $10 week. -Apply to J. r.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st. £
WANTED— Carriage smith, $4 day; machinist
for country, $2 50 to $3 per day; man to work
about brewery. $25 and found; boys to learn
trades, $3 to $4 week; driver for milk wagon,
$20 and found; 6 quartz miners. $2 50 day;
milkers, $30: young men for laundry; dairy-
man and wife; and many others for differ-
ent kinds of work at going wages. J. a.
CROSETT _ CO., 628 Sacramento st. _
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY FROM 7 A. M
26 harvest hands •
...$2 50, $2, $1 75, $1 60 day and found
$3 60 day. ..strong men to bale hay.. .s3 50 day
94 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, steady
Jobs, for .all parts of California, $4j, $41),
- $35, $30, $26 and found, come and see
14 milkers and butter makers •
$30 and $25 and found
CHOREMEN AND BOYS ......
26 choremen and boys for all parts of Cali-
fornia, including In San Francisco, for farms,
stores, factories, learn trades, etc., $30, $«,
$25, $20. $15, $10 and found ••;•; j
$3 day drillers— hammersmen
'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. ."big "wages".'. •••
26 laborers, fare 45c, no experience *<>o
24 teamsters, 4 horses, fare $120 *60
26 laborers. Indoors work, free fare $60
164 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, $3, $2 60. $2 and $1 75 day, come
MURRAY' &' READY and' 636 Clay at.
TO THE MINES
4 single-hand miners $60
2 laborers, same mine $52
36 laborers for different mines. ..$34 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FREE FREE FREE TO
NEW R. R's.OLD R. R'sALL.R.R.BUT ONE
(the one we don't ship to is Coast R. R.);
drillers, hammersmen, stone and concrete
masons, laborers, teamsters, section hands,
etc.; wages from $3 50 day and board and
lodgings $4 50 week. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
. WE PAY YOUR FARES
WE SHIP MONDAY
to 39 sawmills and woods in California; 136
laborers (no experience required); YOU
WILL SUIT, wages $26 to $40 and found;
ALSO crosscut sawyers; tree fellers
lumber pliers, tally men, lather
and 50 other different places, from $30, $70,
$80. $50, $10, $30 and found
WE PAY MURRAY & READY,
YOUR FARES 634-636 Clay, st.
FRUIT PICKERS GRAPE PICKERS
Men or boys (no experience required)
636 WANTED
$30 per month and found, 80 to 90 days' Job;
also men to work in wine cellars, packing and
drying houses, etc.. fares from $1
OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
6 STONE and concrete masons, rubble work.
$3 50 day, fare $1 50; 6 laborers, $2 day, same
place. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SUPERINTENDENTS AND FOREMEN
Superintendent for electric light company;
ranch foreman; 2 grading foremen. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay st.
............ IN SAN FRANCISCO 65
teamsters and laborers, for various "positions,
factories, manufacturing companies, shovel
and other work, $2 to $1 75 day, $40. $30, $26
and found; milk wagon, delivery and bakery
wagon drivers; 12 stablemen, city and coun-
try Jobs, $40, $35, $30, $25 and found; can-
washers for dairies, $40; also hundreds of
other places. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
A MECHANICAL HELP
15 carpenters, 8 hours, free fare $3 day
9 blacksmiths and horseshoers
$50. $45, $40, $30 and found
carriage painter, cooper for winery, engineer,
mill bench hand, harness maker, upholsterer,
sand stone cutters, wood turner, sash and
door maker, machinists, setter sawmill, $5,
$4 50, $3 50. $3. and $2 50 day. MURRAY &
READY, 634-fi36 Clay st.
ARE YOU MARRIED?
man as porter and assist at bar, wife to cook,
country hote!
3 farmers and wives 2 milkers and wives
gardener and wife 4 cooks and wives
wages $50, $40, $35 per month and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at
WOODCHOPPERS and tiemakers by the hun-
dreds $2 50, $2, $150 cord, 12c each ; tools and
food found; fare paid. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
$110 PER 100. pounds; HOP PICKERS, men
and women, also families. Sonoma Co. MUR-
RAY & READY, 631-636 Clay at.
FARE PAID SANTA CLARA CO.
12 laborers for a Manufacturing Co., $26 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
HOTEL KEPT., ETC
COOKS .... WAITERS .... DISHWASHERS
37 cooks $55, $45, $40, $35, $30 and found
32 waiters $35. $30, $25, $20 and found
64 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 an.l found
5 cooks and wives $50, $40 and found
6 porters $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
19 laundrymen $35, $30, $25 and found
ice cream maker, $35 and found; 5 bell boys;
3 elevator boys. All the above places are at
hotels, restaurants, boarding-houses, mines,
institutions, saloons, camps, ranches, yachts.
etc. COME AND SEE. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BAKERS
First hand, 7 second, 5 third hands; also
boys to learn trade. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
ALL discharged soldier* wanting work on the
coast '•allroad as laborers, teamsters or tun-
nelmen at going wages can secure It free of
any expense to the work. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE
10 men to cut beet tops; no experience re-
quired; $1 10 a day and board; fee $1; call
early C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FREE FEE FREE FARE
for tunnelmen, teamsters and laborers, $2 75
to $1 75 a day.
5 stonemasons, $3 50 a day; fee $1. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ■
FREE FARE
Teamsters and laborers for the Valley Road.
$2 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
FREE FARE
80 men to cut beet tops, no experience needed.
$1 10 a day and found; 2 months' work; ship
Monday.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED
Dennis Sullivan, the porter.
Charles Lasalle. the cook.
Robert Lee. the bellboy.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BAKER aifd pastry cook, country hotel. $45;
bread baker, $40: cook, railroad eating-house,
$50; broiler, hotel, $45; vegetable cook, hotel.
$35; second cook, plain hotel, $35; potwasher,
hotel, city, $25; potwasher, country hotel, $25;
dishwasher, country hotel. $25 and free fare:
kitchen help, $25 and $30 a month.
2 waiters, same plain country hotel, $30
each: 2 waiters, mine boarding-house. $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FRY cook, country hotel, $60; free fare.
Barkeeper, $40 and board.
Bellboys. $15 and $10.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
4 WINERY hands. $1 25 a day and board: far-
mer and wife for an orchard, $50 to $60; 2
laborers for a factory, $175 a day: milk
wagon driver, $30 and found; 2 section hands.
$170 a day, board $18 a month: steady. ■ C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104. Geary st.
BELLBOY. $15: dishwasher, $20; second cook,
$40: waiter, $25. free fare; country and city.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery st.
GOOD barber wanted at 39}. Turk st. ; guaran-
tee $12.
WANTED Boy In confectionery. 1603 Geary.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1905 Flllmore st.
Wages $8.
BARBERS wanted for city and country:
steady and extra Jobs. H. Bernard, 104 7th st.
BARBER wanted at 64 Third at. Steady
i work.
1 WANTED— A cak« baker at 336 Third st. ;
wageß $35.
LUNCH waiter at northeast corner of Howard
and Beale sts.
WANTED — Dishwasher. Nevada Restaurant,
806 Mission st. .
WANTED— Dishwasher. German hotel. 560
Howard st.
WANTED— boy. ' 29 Stockton at., call
between 9 and 11 a. m.
BARBER wanted ; good workman. 323 Devlsa-
dero at., near Oak.
WANTED— B men; light work; steady Job. 376
San Jose aye., between 25th and 26th sts.
WANTED— second cook. Falrmount Hotel.
1714 Market at.
STRONG boy In blacksmith shop. 956 Harrison
street.
COOK and dishwasher wanted. 1456 Turk
street. ■
BARBERS— SIOO; hotel shop and laundry. Ad-
dress box 2239, Call Office.
YOUNG man who thoroughly understands
produce and commission business; state ex-
perience and salary expected. Address box
3209. Call office. *
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; waxes
$1 75 and $2: board. $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station
" on Valley Road.
WANTED— 6O , carpenters at Goat Island"
CAMPBELL & PETTUB.
WANTED- A man to sell plants on commis-
sion. Call 600 Hai_ht st. ; m
HELP WASTED — Male.
WANTED — For private ranch near city, a man
to milk 5 cows, make a little butter and do
chores, good steady place. $22 50 a month and
increase; Z miners. $2 25 per day: farmers,
milkers and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay st.
WANTED— For nice orchard near city, a good
American farm hand; see party In city; first-
class, steady place at $25 per month. W D.
EWER & CO., 610 «lay St.
WANTED— 3 men to work at harvesting In So-
noma County; 4 to 5 weeks' work at n 50 per
day and board; good Job. W. D. EWER &
CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— 3 carpenters in city housebuilding:
S hour?' work; $3 per day. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED
For State Institution, a young man to take
charge of boys: reference required; salary $25
per month, with board, lodging and washing, i
Apply to W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay Bt.
WANTED— Reliable young man with $75 cash;
$12 to $15 a week: no experience required. See
owner. 27V5 Fourth st, room 7.
WANTED— Good first-class cook; good refer-
ences required; first-class wages. Apply Com
Sgt., Co. D, First N. P. V., Presidio.
MAN who thoroughly understands well boring
and drilling; state wages and references. Box
2494. Call.
3 TEAMSTERS, 2 laborers. Fourteenth aye.
and N st. south; take Kentucky-st. cars.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
YOUNG man and wife, good bedmaker and
cook. 25 Third St.
THREE men at once; those having made a
success of building and loan or Insurance
preferred. 472's Thirteenth »t.. Oakland.
ELDERLY man to cook; small boarding hQuse.
322 Main st.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila, Alaska, New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent, 504-506 Davis st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
FOR sale cheap— 2-chair barber shop and laun-
dry. H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st.
OFFICE boy 14 to 16. whole ale house; $3 per
week. Box 2435. Call.
HIGHEST price paid for cast-off shoes, cloth-
Ing and tools. S. BERKOWIT2, 534 Pacific.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
j>rice. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2nd fits.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
THREE or four good hustlers; solicit from
wagons; salary or commission. 156 Fifth st.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50 up: cole-
Ing, 2f>e to Jsc; heellas;, 15c «p. 923 Howard it
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 160 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 138H Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J, H SHEPARD & CO., attor-
n eys,— — neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
MEN" can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st. ; free shaving in students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
SIN i.i.K rooms, lf.c, 20c, 2f.c "«r night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863% Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market pt.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry-
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
Tr 'i-d Ptnt»°. nn°tnnH. for T1 per year.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sale
MULES— One car large and one car small
mules for sale; also pasturage for 1000 head
of stock the year round: a special field of
alfalfa. Egyptian corn and other kinds of
feed to fatten f.lO head of cattle by Jan. 1,
1900. J. M. CANTY, Grayson. Cal.
10 HORSES tor fr>; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FoR sale- IS head of work horses from 1050
to 1600 pounds: from 5 to 7 years old. Apply
J. H. DUTCHER. Llvermore, Cal.
FAMILY horse. l>u*rpy and harness for sale
cheap for want of use. 1222 Stelner St., cor,
Eddy.
HOLSTEIN cow and calf for sale. Apply Four-
teenth aye. and R. st.. South San Francisco.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIKL, Veterinary Dentist, 605 Golden Gate t
HOUSES — LODGING— For Sale.
R H WINSTON, 1026 MARKET STREET,
RELIABLE BROKER
14 rooms; cor.; central; snap $SGO
28 rooms; cheap rent; only 800
32 rooms, corner; part cash 1200
41 rooms; Powell St.; elegant house 32iaj
$>>'!■ SNAP; 4.1 n>oms: fine location; all rented;
rent $90 month. HASILE, 3 Eddy St.
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented: near
Market st.; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
$4*.0— 20 ROOMS; finely furn.; north of Market;
all rented; rent $50 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
\VF have them to suit; genuine bargains; either
for cash or payments; we loan buyers money;
we buy lodglnp houses from owners; call.
Pacific Coast Exchange, 1007^ Market, nr. 6th.
PHILADELPHIA HOUSE, 421 Bush St., opp.
California Theater — 43 rooms; gas and water
In every room.
JULIAN aye., 192, cor. 16th— Lodging house 11
rooms; all occupied: $130; rent $16.
HOUSES TO LET.
$27 50— 3-STORY bay-window house lrt good
order, with large yard and stable; 1829 How-
ard st. Apply to the owner, E. ROBINET,
411^ California St.
GEARY, 889, rear— Sunny; all renovated; 8
rooms and bath; 1 or 2 families; $20.
HOUSE, 6 rooms; yard; $10 per month. Apply
JOHN I. GRAHAM, 431 Precita aye.
HYDE, 711, near Sutter— 2-story bay-window
horse; 11 rooms; mod. Imp.; reasonable.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
$11— HOUSE of six rooms and bath. 735 Laurel
aye.. near Turk and Buchanan sts.
A r.RANcH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital. 325
ElUs; fee with private room, board and
treatment. $15 a week.
LOST AND FOLNIJ.
IF the party who took Lieutenant Hogan's
overcoat by mistake at banquet in honor of
Mission volunteers at TunnicllfT's Hall, 3292
Mission sts., will return same to Dolan Bros.,
Twenty-ninth and Mission sts., will receive
reward of $"«; no questions asked.
LOST— From 1200 block on California st. to Sac-
ramento and Leavenworth sts. ; valuable
chain bracelet. Finder will receive reward by
returning to MADISON & BURKE, 026 Mar-
ket st.
LOST— Pearl screw pin; liberal reward If re-
turned to 530 Ellis St.
$30 REWARD— Lost; black spaniel dog on Aug
25. 1599; short tall. Above reward will be
jiaid by return to The Ormonde, 432 Califor-
nia st. RUSCONI & FISHER.
Lost— Black water sfianiel pup, 3V4 months
old. male. Return to 1313 Stockton st. and
receive reward.
LOST— Between Twenty-second and Chatta-
nooga and Valencia st. depot, stick pin, ruby,
four brilliant settings; liberal reward. 3562
Twenty-second st.
I^< (81 Small black Cocker spaniel dog. heav-
ily feathered; has on nickel "ink and leather
collar; has been missing several days. Re-
turn to !3.",2 Market st. Liberal reward.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
in pages. In wrnpper. for mailing. $1 per year.
MEDICAL.
DR. WONG Woo. herb do^orT^hinese^tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St., San
Francisco: all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used,
udvlce free; hours, »:30 to 11 a. in.. 1 to I
and 7 to :> P. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. Indies' physician; con-
suttatlon free; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. 942
Post st., bet Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. I'H. GWTER, ladles' physician. 510
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. DAVIES, ladies' physician. 1228
Market St., between Taylor and Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 6.
I'H. I'oJTKR. ladies' practical physician fur
37 years. 318 Kearny st.
MRS PR. WEGENER, ladles' physician; medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. ALLEN, ladles' physician, 228 Van Ness
aye.. bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dls-
«»•« of th« human body. 115 Masoa it.
MISCELLANEOUS — Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun- '
ters ' linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand ! J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
aion st..* above Sixth.
BARS counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission at
ST BERNARD dog, 14 months old; $25. Apply
797 Mission st. ___
SAFE New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
■Decle chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc The
WaUz Safe Co., 109-1U Market st. S. F.,Cal.
$20— DOMESTIC sewing machine, 7 drawers;
good order; complete. 1915 Mission St., near
Fifteenth.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 In.; gas eng. 2d hand! J. Burke. 139 Beale.
1 GASOLINE 15 H. P.; complete and
first-class shape. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
DRESS pants, $2 75: fine suits, $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
SECOND-HAND billiard table; in good order;
complete. 835 Folsom St.. WM. BATEMAN.
IRISH setters: pedigree show and working
stock. Glenmore Kennels, 2641 Linden. Oakld.
LATHE; 10-ft. bed, 2C-in. swing; countershaft;
3 chucks; all tools complete. 616 Mission st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
glsts or at the Dog Hospital.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
DESKS. office and card table*; desks c changed,
repaired; furniture bought 244 Stockton st.
BAFES-New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento at.
BOILERS and engines, second hand: also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WASHER for hand laundry. P. O. box 248.
phone 43, Watsonville, Santa Cruz County.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. 11. Landecker & Co., 118 Montgomery.
WANTED— To hire, 100 first-class scraperteama
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
tire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st '
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate, Sd
end 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, Jewelry and clothing.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
$60 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 24 mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
. commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister at
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market at
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— SIOOO on first mortgage on partly
developed mining property in Trinity County,
consisting of l£o acres; about 30 acres under
cultivation. Address box 2433. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., Ban Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest nous*
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
it. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FINE Arion piano will be sold this morn-
ing to the flirt party bidding over the $80
limit Room 2L Flood building.
W. G. BADGER, 41* Sacramento st, agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIB'. 769 Market st
A DECKER & SON, the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
A— sBs UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister at
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments. $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 80S
Post st.
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, SO O'Farrell at
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES— To Let.
A. M. BPEclT^CCrr^6T^laxk^r^slWr4l4
Kearny; $75, 116 Mission; $76, 337 Geary; $35,
SE. corner Howard and Tenth.
$14— STORE, southwest corner Ellis and Scott
sts. ; store, three rooms and bath.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. J27 Market at—
Desirable offices. $12 50 to $20 ..
PALMISTRY.
MME? NEER^AARDrTupir of Count St Ger^
main. 616 Geary st, above Jones; classes:
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m.; reading by mall, $L
PROFESSOR MARVILL reveals life and fateT
704 Larkln St., hours 10-12, 1-8 p. m.
PERSONALS.
I, AUG. CLODIUS, will not be responsible for
. any debts contracted by my wife, MRS.
NEE McLINDEN NE HOHN, after this
date, Sept 3, 1899. 116 Guerrero st.
GUITARSZITHERS tuned and repaired; latest
music. 850 Market St., room 25.
LEDERER'B QUINTINICA is Just the Hair
Tonic you are looking for; Just what you
need; 35c bot. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
LEDERER'S artistic hair dressers will show
you the new Imported styles, 25c; Lederer's
Foamo Shampoo is the best yet; nothing bo
good; 5c pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.
EGYPTIAN Enamel, cream cosmetic, makes
all faces beautiful: 50c. MRS. BUTLER,
room 350. Phelan building.
HOTEL Santa Cruz. Santa Cruz, Cal.— First-
class fa. illy and commercial hotel. This
hotel is located on corner of Locust and Vine
sts., 1 block from Court House; rates $1 to $2
per day; special rate to families.
MARY— got my handsome cape a: the East-
ern Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. There you can get most anything in that
line on easy payments: open evenings.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA makes the hair
soft, glossy and beautiful. Is what it claims
to be. a Hair Tonic; 35c a bottle. 123 Stockton.
REST assured that LEDERER'S hairdressing
is always the latest; 25c only. See his win-
dow display of beautiful hair combs of every
description at lowest price. 123 Seockton st.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants, $3 75:
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market at. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination- free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfleld. 838 Market st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter at.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patehts Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Wteelwgtf
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 room.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week,
free "bus and baggage to and jrom_tne_ierry.
LADIES' tailor-made suits to or . at
wl -sale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome at.
SCHOOL children and Mexican sombrero look
nice together. Mexican Art. 114 Stockton st.
GOOD tai.or-made suits at reasonable prices
by F. SCHOETTLER. 329 Kearny at
JAMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth at, near Mission.
RUPTURE. stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion: Kuarantd. Dr. Gordla.sl4 Pine. ab.Krnjr.PERSONALS.
A-Ladles' or rent*" • 'ling, furniture "bought [
go.d: tel. Mlr.t 937. • 8, 10tt,Polsora it!
S V I Jx^AS > vr cr ,, °, n easy Installments. U
1-LMOS. :. . Mar st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
\VANTED— OIdjBOId for manufacng. O. n •..
Jf-weler. 2<B OTnrr+ll. bet. Powell & Mai-
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. OLIVE GP.UVEK, free treatmenTdally. 10
s. m: and 12 m. 1206 Market St.. room 6..
Mi. C. C. ODONNELL. office and residence
ii::^ Market at., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED to rent— grjUrT^and" stock
r.0.. en shares. Ad.iress Ranch. v:^. Sixth.
HEAL ESTATE — CITY — For S«le.
A TEW CHARMERS. "
In the Examiner building.
517.".,OOC— Market st. ; 7 years' lease: rents $10-
-. ;er ar.nurj net; grand improvements. '
Sl'-S.OOV- 6-story stone, brick and iron build- '
•r.f.-: rents $10,C0O p«r annum; guaranteed lease-
? years' Wiie.
SllO.O o— *-story new pressed brick; 6 years'
guaranteed lease; rents (7000.
552.00»-4-«tory brick; vicinity of Tlvoll: pays
5 per cent net: always -.ted.
«:.'/«— Grand investment block from Stockton
r." : Market: lot •vis:, old improvements; pays
I ; rr cent net.
fr.'.frOQ— OTarrell st. : a big snap; let 52x137-6-
-with good Improvements of stores, etc.; rents
»t SC'.'O a ir-oruh; not far from Mascn -- :
;: . t fell. - j
5 2>v— A grar.d barsraln: only hair block
fr n Taylor and Market sts. ; rents $100 a
- ath: lot "SO feet front.
1 ther bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO
667 Market St.'
JOHN PFORH. rtmcvt-1 tv 403 Pine st oppo-
.«ite the Nevada Ba.uk. - . .
$2400— 3-story double fiats, near Sixth and
Bryant sts.; of rent $15.
J^OO— Maybe less; a 2-stDry bay-window house
.: 9 rooms and bath on O'Farrell st., near
.".apur.a: lot 21x100.
iZ<>y> — Good 2-siory house on Eighteenth st.
2-ro.r Castro; lot iixlCO feet.
$4350— Reduced again from $iSCC'; an extraor-
dinary bargain on Fulton -: . Dear Frar.klln;
<.r.;y o blocks from City Hall and near Mar-
ke; it: a 2-story house, stable ani garden- lot
27:<xl3?:< fret; worth $3500, but must be sold.
$::»— Fine reside! on Devisa<iero st., near
Ft-i:: S rooms; n-.oJ^rn Improvements; Xs_,l2:£.
«S'. Ci«- Business property yielding a yearly
rr.v.ai of $2000. For description call at the
office.
J' c :^P.ent $47; a splendid Investment, on
Geary .-: . S-story house; store and 2 flats. 6
roc:r.s and bath each.
SollO— A nice property on Spear St., bet. How-
ar.i and Falsom.
£s.o46— Reduced from $24, C00; rent $287; Lar-
k'n st.. south of Geary; stores and flats; a dead
targtin.
1 .-';:►- Rent $43; Webster St., near Washing-
ton, a £ne double flat. « rooms and bath each,.
SrvenU One proper:. on McAllister st.
{-..■C— SACRIFICE; almost niw cottage: four
large room*: lot 37:Cx34j; with or without 5
adjoining lots; at one-third actual value; $103
eas-h. $lo monthly; a chance of a lifetime;
block from Folscm st. Apply ... Courtlaiid
aye., cr P. A. DOLAN, 635 Market st.
NEW HOMES
Five, 6, 7. 9 and 10 room house*, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Wailer, Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
tc 54K0; terms to salt purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder.
lU-Y .\ home for cash: I guarantee to advance
H ;-t cent of purchase price; payable $10
• RLbJy. ca each $1000. P. A. EmjLaN, 626
Market st.
FOR SALE— F*x<ws; Brannan St.. bet. First and
Sec' nd; fays $7-) per mnnth: also SCtiIS. I, be-
T«**n Second and near Third. Apply T.
CAMPBELL. 357 Brannan ?t.
c ELEGANT flat.«: SE. cor. Scott and Sacra-
mento Bts; :;xM:3; all rented. J. H. CARSE,
'.1 Mor.tgcir.ery st." ;
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
w#«t ct First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call en W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE— Chicken ranch. : j acres level
land, i-room house, 6 chicken houses, large
barn, well and pump, W) fruit trees. 75
chickens, some new furniture; close to school,
7'-j miles from Ptialuma: all fenced and
complete for nice home. Terms. $&oO cash,
balance. $*VA la six years at 6 per cent.
AdJress GEORGE MILLER, Cotati, Sonoma
County. Cal.
FOR SALE— •-;•» ■— dairying cr grazing land
In the southern part of HumbuMt County,
Cal.; never- failing crops; plenty of wood ani
waif-r: best of climate. MARTIN R. JA-
GER. 110 Taylor m . S. F.
lIOTKL property acro«s the bay: lot T,xl&; S3
tunny room*; half block from depot: fin»
grounds; JW«d-bu«lnw: year round. I !OTT-
LKR. & CO . C 2 Market st.
FOR *«1» or exchange for Alameda Co. prop-
erty— l.Vacre ranch; house, outbuildings and
\ farir.g orchard. 123 Pmsr-^ct place. S. F.
$3M — 165 acres, Sonoma County; small house;
plenty wood and water. Apply 125 Fifth st.
CHEAPEST and b^st in America— The Weekly
Call. IS rag"s, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant. coffe». and Ice
cream par!r>r. I<J2S Market St.: popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office for Call adv-rtlwments and
subscription! has been established at li/? 6 Va-
lencia fct
EL>DY, SIS — 2 cr 4 fine sunny unfurnished
rixms; all convenience?; private residence;
references.
FIFTH. SOS <n»w corner house) Parlor and
tx-droom. with kitchen: handsomely fur-
nlshed; o'her sunny rooms; reasonable.
FIFTH. 353— 3 furnished housekeeping. $13; 2,
$12; single rooms. $j to $7; al*i store and rms.
FULTON. lIS, cor. Van Ness — Neatly furnished
flat. 3 rnjs.. jras range, bath; also others.
GEARf. ISI7 — ( nice unfurnished rooms: bath;
toilet; ga«; yard: basement; furnished hall.
GIRARD Houeo. 192 P»-venth— 1 large sunny un-
furnished room; furnished suites. ,
GOLDEN OATF. AYE.. 231-2 nicely furnlehed !
rocms for .■•■• housekeeping; bath; private I
family; V.2. _ I
HOY. VRD, MS— 2 large housekeeping rooms.
with bath, In quiet family; 3 rooms on the
ground floor, with water and yard.
HOWARD. ..... or 3 rooms, complete for ;
housekeeping; very reasonable. \
JVANHOE. 10C2 Polk. cor. Geary— Light, dean, j
sunr.y; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to ! r.). $15 up;ref. |
LEWIS 16. off Taylor, nr. Post— A newly fur-
nlfhefl bedroom and kitchen; stove; $11. I
MARKET 102S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, .... $12.
NINETEENTH. 3334, nr. Mlsslon-3 nicely fur-
nlfhed rooms: large yard: first floor: $12.
OAK, 12 f >— 3 furnished housekeeping rooms; use
of plane; no bat cheap.
O^AURKLL 128. corner Powell— Nice front
room. . $0^ Apply at II Grant ■-•
POiTk~s22— Furn!.«hed and unfumish-d house-
keeping rooms; rent cheap.
V,, ] r I"Ft bet. Washington nd Jackson-
Sunny rooms, both double and single; aiso
sunny furnished housekeeping; use of bath;
<;uW 1.---atlon; cars handy; private famil> ,
reasonable.
r.ENT free: 2 large rooms; sunny; yard: ref-
erences given and required. For particulars
Inquire 719 Oak ft. ,
BrTTFR 1111. nr. Larkln— Comfortably furn.
slnjrle suites; also hskrg.: terms reasonable.
THE Piedmont— ll3A Sixth— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping: also other rooms.
THIRD.~3I&— Furnished housekeeping; $1 SO to
12 '.0; 'tniiislent solicited.
TURK. '.29— 2 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping: running water: bath; tiv
VAN NESS aye.. 518— Front rooms for liebt
housekeeping: ga* rang*
ROOMS TO LIST — Fnrn. and fnfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14? Sixth— Rooms.
20c to $1 j.er night; SI B to $3 per week, aad
light housekeeping: open all night.
ABBOTPFORD 'The), cor. Broadway and Polk—
Quiet a: homelike; rooms bright and sunny.
e:ncl«\ suite: charges moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike hcure; modern eervice; elevator:
bath; rooms. Vie to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
ZliltANCrrof^ire" for CftU advertisements and
subscriptions las been established at 10^6 a.-
I'nc'.a St.
AT 38 Turk, cor. Taylor— New n-.angt.. renovat-
ed. >unny front bay-window ran*.: transient.
AT New C ur.d, i4C 3d— 200 :st-cla«s sunny rms..
l£c to $1 day: SOc to $4 *'*: also housekeeping.
BURNETT. 14*6 Market (old No. 1350— Fur-
nished rms.. fultcs, single; a!«o unfurnished.
CARROLTON. tot Market, cor. Golden Gate
live.— Sunny corner; well furn. rm.«. & offices, i
CLIFFORD, 104 Elils, ccr. Mason— Elegantly j
furnished sunny rooms; prices ■-■able.
EDDY 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat j
rocmi. from $1 >» ■ week up.
EDDT, ClS— Large front hay-window room:
pas. rjnnlr.g water; suitable for two or three
gentlemen. . . i
FERNWELL House, 47 Post— New management ;
ail i_s refurnished; suites aad single; baths. j
ROOMS TO LET-Farn. and Cnf.rn.
K nv"? T S (Palm Ho"«j-Flrst-class sun-
__ n -window rooms; also single. »1 25 up.
G f£FrJ' A C2 - Newl ' . furnißhed sunny rooms and
tuites, $2 per week up; very desirable.
Q r<£ros'- t*«vi? he Navarr e)-Ccmfortable furn.
rooms, travelers accommodated. MRS.KYER.
G rlt^ V# ,K E6 Sunn . y front and back parlor;
Piano, phone; other rocms: light housekpg.
G M A^ 1 ' S ? l:T iERN ' SE ' cor. Sev7n7h Tad
■artw rl t Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles parlors; reading room; elevator.
G renF ! i's 4: : -Nice Targe «nt famished room;
%££££SK House. "SI Mission-Select family
rooming house; $1 i.O to $6 per week.
r % oo l ms B to N it f 1 "* nice and sunny unfurnished
HOTEL Grcsevenor. 319 Butter, r.r. Stockton-
hunr.y suites, eingle rms.; elev.; free baths.
H ?iT A i ' " 1 *- JCO sunny rooms; nicely fur^
__n»sr.e<Tj every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, 7ES-Two nice furnished rooms;
cheap.
HOWARD. Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD. 1144-Nice sunny suites; running
water: reasonable; permanent patrons desired.
HYDE, ZV"'- -Large sunny front room; running
- water: bath: gas; one or two gents.
HYDE. IKS- sunny rooms for gentlemen
or light housekeeping if desired.
JESSIE. 865— Sunny furnished rooms, single
or double.
JONES, 601, corner Geary— Elegant front sunny
suite; 5 minutes' walk from Call: $30; gents.
LINDEN AYE.. 32£, near Gough St.— nice
front room, unfurnished.
MARKET. 1035, and 33 Fifth— New manage-
ment: »■•-.-■ gunny suites and single rooms.
MARKET, 1037**- The Epworth— Clean and re-
pectab!«; prices low.
MINNA. 607, cor.Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
wir.dow room, $1 per week; transient.
MINNA, 727 1 -- — Two nice large runny rooms,
eras and bath: rent $6 and $S.
MISSION. Large front room; suitable for
2 gentlemen or man and wife.
NATOMA. 252. near Fourth— 2 front unfurnish-
ed rooms : water and closet; rent $8.
-NEWPORT, 1 ' 21 Franklin, nr. Market-Large
cay-win, rms. and single. $5 up; also hskpg.
NICELY furnished sunny room, suitable for 2
gentlemen: reasonable. Address 78* Polk St..
near Eddy.
OAK. 18, near Market st. and Van Ness aye.—
Single, sunny, furnished room, $5.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 230— Newly furnished sunny
suites; also single; transient solicited.
POLK. 1012— Sunny alcove room, $10; other
room, $7.
POWELL 817 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished sunny rooms; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 115 Ellis Ft— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor: rooms, per night. Re to $1 50;
week. $2 to 15; month. $3 to $30; elevator on
office floor: rocms with hot. cold wat. : baths.
SEVENTH. 26T— Nice runny rooms; detached
house; all modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2? Eighth St..
near Market— - urnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 33. r.r. Market. Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator; transient.
TENTH. 123. r.r. Market— l. 2or 3 large sunny
rooms; also housekeeping.
THE Heath. 312 Eddy First-class rooms
and board; hot and cold water; telephone;
modern: ail conveniences.
UNION Square House. .- Stockton— Modern
rooms: by day, week or month: central.
UNION. 1213—1 furnished front room; rent $6
per month.
VALENCIA. 117— Two nicely run bed * ms
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 paces. In wrapper, for mulling. $1 per year.
SEWING MACHINES AM) SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, Id, exchanged, rented: re-
pairing at lowest rates. ? '■ Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS pap« from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Jd st.
BAD tenants eject ■ for $<: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5J20.
CHEAPEST ani best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L
: -'are raid.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
< ALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission: goods guaranteed: tel. Clay .'".
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOUR eletrant new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7, S and 9 rooms and bath each; flrst-cla.<=s
neighborhood: near school and stations; street
work all complete; from $1000 to $40o0; only
$;« cash and $25 and $30 per month; great bar-
gains; cheap lots for cash and houses to let
In all parts of Alameda.
$220 >— Lot MxlM; 5.-' cash and $25 per month:
fine, nearly new cottage; In a good nelghbor-
h:x>d: near" High School and station,
$250*— Lot 35x115, with elegant residence of 8
rooms: In flne condition; macadamized street;
near station and school; great bargain; worth
$3500: any terms; same as rent. .
$2Wo— Lot •x 27 6; fine, new, modern 6-room
cottage; near High School and station; $500
cash and $25 per month.
$1000— Lot 25x125: eottaca of 5 rooms; street
work complete: near station : easy terms.
$160<'>— Let 11:4x108; with a fine modern cottage
nf 5 rooms and bath; nice garden: street work
all done: near station and school; $100 cash,
balance $20 per month.
5. ■■ $&00 cash, balance $25 per month; lot
40X1J0, with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath: between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton st.
$32i0— ISM cash, $25 per month: less than
rent; lot MzlSO; elegant new 2-stor>\ 8 rooms
and bath; on Morton st., near Morton-Ft. sta-
tion; best bargain in Alameda: elegant resi-
dences on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye.
at a bargain. 1
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1482 Park ft.. Alameda..
ABOUT finished, modern S-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage. 6 rooms;
lots 50x150; easy terms. Apply 1518 Mozart
St., Mastlck station. Alameda.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
FURNISHED rooms, double or single; hot and
cold water shower baths: steam heat; tele-
phone near station; breakfast If desired;
every me comfort. 2101 Central live.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies In d-llcate health: large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY real estate.
hTllegass TRACT.
within 5 minutes from university.
5 minutes from STATION.
lots 160 FEET IN depth.
The cheapest, choicest property In Alameda
County.
Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON,
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
THIRTY JVCRES FOR SALE.
Right In the heart of beautiful Berkeley,
Just fit to cut Dp, near the university and
railroad : fine view. Apply to JOSEPH J.
MASON. PostoflV* block, Berkeley, or to
J. J. MORRIS. 030 Market St.. San Francisco.
2 LOTS, 1 block from park. East Berkeley;
cheap: terms cash. Box 2453. Call.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
AT original low prices: four-room cottages In
North Oakland, built before the heavy «d-
-vance In building material, are still on sale
nt original prices, subject to advance at any
tine by order of owners: don't delay inves-
tigation; own your home; stop paying rent:
send for particulars, stating the amount you
d—ire to invest. R. J. MONTGOMERY, 470
Thirteenth St.. Oakland. ,_ j
Kxl"0- en 7th aye,, nr. J St.. S. F.. to exchange '
for Oakland of Frultvale property: not over
$2000. BERNED. i.20 Sth St.. Oakland.
PIEDMONT Park— Lot 3 la plat O: whole or
in subdivision. Apply A. J. X.. 2324 Clay St.. |
San Francisco. ■ • |
tie 000— OLD established business. Apply to K. j
E. BUNCH. >C 8 Broadway. Oakland. J
■ ■ - --••-*'-;'■ ■'"- - : >
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1899.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FULLY furnished house, 6 rooms, gas and coal
ranges: low to adults. 1463 Twenty-third
aye.. East Oakland. ,
HOUSE 12 rooms; large grounds; convenient for
2 families: lease for 1 year: $30. A. 8. . Call
office, Oakland. .»■
OAKLAND FURNITURE :^)R SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
END NOTlCE— Dividend No. 7 (35 cents
per share) of the PAAUHAU SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY will be payable at th»
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
crter Monday, September 1L IS&9. Transfer
books will clcse on Tuesday, September 6,
1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary
DIVIDEND Notice — California Sohuetzen Club
Park and Building Association— A dividend
of 25 cents per share on the capital stock
of the California Schuetzen Club Park and
Building Association has been declared, pay-
able September 11. at the office of the Asso-
ciation. 123 Sutter st.
OTTO BURMEISTER. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for Jl,
rostaee raid.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for new pattern boots— Depot
Quartermaster's office, 3€ New Montgomery
st.. San Francisco. Cal., September 2. 1533.
Sealed prosoeals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived nt this office until 11 o'clock a. m..
September 13, 1899, Pacific Standard time, and
then opened, for furnishing 5000 pairs of new
pattern boots, conforming to standard and
specifications, adopted August 23. 1599. Pref-
erence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (including in
the price of foreign production and manufac-
ture the duty there and such preference
will be given to articles of American pro-
duction and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The .
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any of the proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks tor proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing: proposals will be endorsed "Pro-
posals for new pattern Boots," and addressed
to Captain OSCAR F. LONG. Assistant Quar-
termaster, U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
U S ENGINEER office, Lauehlin buildinor,
Los Angeles, Cal., August 29. IS9s— Sealed
proposals for '•or.tinuing- construction of Jetty
at San Diego Harbcr. Cal., will be received
here until 11 a. m.. September 29. 1839, and
then publicly opened. Information furnished
on Application. JAMES J. MEYLER, Cap-
tain Engineers.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office. Floodm
building. San Francisco, Cal.. August 1,
I?9S— Sealed proposals for dredging In Peta-
luma Creek, California, will be received here
until 12 o'clock noon, September 5. 1559. In-
formation furnished en application. W. H.
HEUER. Major Emrlneers.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States cr Canada one year for $1.
postare raid.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriac* and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
InJcrsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
REYNOLDS— In this city, August 25, 1<99, to
the wife of the Rev. R. W. Reynolds, a
daughter.
MARRIED.
! GUSTAVSON— HARTS-In this city, August
20, 1599. by Rev. O. Groensberg, Charles F.
Gustavson' and Lillie Harts. .
NELSON— HAUGE— In this city. August 13.
lSf«, by Rev. O. Groensberg, Sven M. Nelson
! and' Marthlne Hauge.
DIED.
Butler, Edward B. Kline. Adaline
Callßghan. Michael Mackey. Mary E.
Connolly. Timothy Mathews. Arthur "W.
Ennor. Alice Miller, Albert D.
Gilfillan, Elizabeth Morgan, A. V.
Ha-.,. •- ■ Geo. H. O'Nell, Richard E.
Heuer. George A. Scott. Martha E.
Imgarten, Katherine Soltsien, H. A.
' BUTLER— At the Sanitarium, San Gabriel, Ed-
ward S., beloved son of Thomas and Eliza-
beth M. Butler, a native of San Francisco.
_r«;. ,:,..;. mass of requiem at fit. Ignatius
Church this day (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment private In Holy Cross Cemetery.
No flowers.
I CALLAGHAN— In this city. September 2. IS??.
Michael, beloved son of Mary Callaghan and
brother of James. John. Patrick. "William
and Joseph Callaghan, a native of County
Donegal, Ireland, aged 45 years.
Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:3O o'clock, from the r^'dence
of his brother. John Callaghan. L'.vermore,
thence to St. Michael's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his a vi. commenclns at 9
o'clock. Interment St. Michael's Cemetery.
Live* more. Remains at the parlors of Mc-
Avoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth.
CONNOLLY— In Yountvllle, Cal.. Timothy.
father of J. T. and M. P. Connolly and Mrs.
J. W. Thrasher.
C?" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from McGinn's un-
dertaklnjr jarlors.
ENNOR— In Santa Clara. Cal.. September 3,
ISSS, at the residence of her aunt, Mrs. Sen-
nett, Alice, beloved wife of P. L. Finn ■:•
and slsttr of Mrs>. L. 8. Graves and Edmund
and Lizzie French, a native of London. Ene
C7"Crematlon at Cypress Lawn to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock.
GILFILLAN— In this city. September 3. 1599.
Elizabeth, beloved Wife of the late John F.
GlifiUan and mother of Archibald and James
C. GUSllan, a native of Scotland, aged 64
years.
C7"Fr!ends and acquaintances ore respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Paul's
Episcopal Church, California street, near
Fillmore. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HAMMERSLEY— In this city, September 2,
ISS? George Harry Bammersley, father of
George and Walter H. Hammersley, a native
of New York, aged €2 years.
HEUER— In this city, September 2. ISS3, George
A., beloved husband of Frieda, father of
Ethel and William Heuer, son of William
and Augusta HeuT and brother of Heinrich.
Theodor aed Julius Heuer. ; a native of
Bremervc*M-de, Hanover, Germany, iLgreil 3*
years and 8 months. A member of Han-
noverlan Veretn. and Schiller Etamm No. 278,
U. O. R. M.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, front his late resi-
dence. 92? York street, between Twenty-first
and Twenty-second, thence to Turn Vereln
Hall, 821 Turk street, where the funeral serv-
; ices will be held under the auspices of the
Red Men's Schuetz^n Club at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
IMGARTEN— In this city, September I. UM,
Katherine, dearly beloved wife of William
In.i;art»n, and sister of Henry Wrobloff, Mrs.
H. Wreden, Mrs. S. Morosco and the late Mrs.
Anna Menken, a native of Bremenvorde.
Germany, a«t"d 67 years 11 months and 20
days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Puhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to Druids'
Hall 413 Sutter street, where funeral services
will be held under the au«plc«« of H&fTnunjr's
Lodge No. 1, O. d. H. S., commencing at 1
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KLINE— In Corvallis. Or.. September 3, 1599,
Adaline Kline, beloved wife of L. G. Kilns
and dearly beloved mother of Simon L.,
Pauline arid Mose L. Kline.
MACKET&-In P«>taluma. Cal.. August 29. 1?99,
Mary E., beloved wife of Thomas Mackey
and Flster of Joseph and John Murphy, • a
native of Ireland, ased 70 years.
MATHEWS— In this city. September 2. 1599,
Arthur W., beloved and only son of Charles
and Tere3e Mathews, a native of San Fran-
cisco. 'a?ed 5 years and 6 months.
(^Friends of the family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral this day (Mon-
(Jay), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of his
parents, 356 San Jose avenue,' near Twenty-
sixth street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
i MILLER— Oakland, Ca!.. September 3. 1593.
Albert Diedrick. infant son of Harry East
and Myra Prother Miller, aged 2 days. -
MORGAN— In Haywards. September 3. 1833. A.
V. Morgan, brother of Oscar and Stanley
Morgan, a native of California, aged 23 years.
O'NEIL-In this city. September 2. 1559. Rich-
ard E. O'Nell. a native of Ireland, aged 72
years.
SCOTT— In this city, Sentember J. 1599. Mar-
tha E , beloved wife of Walter Scott, a na-
tive of Maryland, aged 41 years.
I BOLTSIEN— In this city, September 2. 1539, H.
A. Soltsien, beloved husband of Delia
Soltsien, a Dative of Berlin, Germany, aged
"1 years.
C7The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, southwest corner Twenty-fifth and In-
diana streets, Potrero. Interment private at
Laurel Hill Cemetery. , .
] HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to-Flannagan & Gallagher),
' FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth »t.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South bO.
McAUOY «Sfc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
12SS Market st.. between Eth and Bth.'
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & ESIBALMERS.
1255 ilarket st.. between Sth and ith.
Telepr.'-ine__Soiitli__l47. j
■ •
ROSH HASHANAH TO BE
USHERED IN TO-NIGHT
Jewish New Year Will Be Observed
With Solemn Prayer by Mem
bers of the Faith. , .
"Bosh Hashanah," the Jewish new year,
will be ushered in this evening with sol
emn prayer and beautiful music in every
temple and synagogue throughout the
land. The importance of the holiday and
its significance to the Hebrews was dis
cussed yesterday for The Call by Rabbi
Jacob Nleto of Shereth Israel and Rabbi
Isadore Myers of the Ohabal Shalome
congregations. In part Dr. Xieto said:
To-morrow evening ushers In for the He. *
brew the year 5560 of the creation, as it is
called, but* which, more properly speaknlg,
should be the era of man; for the Hebrew
well know» that this number of years does
IK ; represent the duration of the earth or of
theuniverse, but rather is a computation from
the first personage met with in traditional
history. The Hebrew, does not' regard his
New Year's day with feelings of joy or cf
sorrow, but receives the day with a senti
ment which, while it If akin to both. Is
yet neither. He celebrates with joy the eve
of the day when, surrounded by his family,
he dwells mostly upon the blessings he has
enjoyed during the year past, and this with
feelings which are. at best mixed with sad
ness 0 what the new year might hold for
him and his. For early the next day he ap
pears before 1..s Maker and. recounting to
himself the history of the past twelve
months, he places his finger, as It were,
upon each peccadillo which in his opinion
would in the sight of God mar the perfect
ness of the record. He strives to brir.g
home to himself and to realize wherein he
has fallen short of that standard or morality
inculcated in him by his religion and recog
nized by his own conscience. He formu
late? the plea by which he will strive on
the day of atonement, which Is the day of
judgment, to justify or palliate his errors
of omission or commission.
Services will be held by Dr. Xieto in
Shereth Israel Synagogue, corner Taylor
and Post streets, this evening at 5:30. and
the (Sallowing morning at 9 o'clock.
The doctor will deliver a sermon at the
latter service on "The Agitation of the
Camp." A special musical programme has
been arranged for both services, and wlil
be rendered under the direction of Cantor
D. S. Davis and the choir, which is com
posed of: Frank Coffin, tenor; G. V. B.
Mills basso; Miss Nellie Flynn, soprano;
Ella V. McCloskey, alto, and Mr. Rona.
organist. ' „ ~
The services this evening at the Bush
street Synagogue will commence at C
o'clock, and on Tuesday and Wednesday
mornings at S o'clock. Sermons will be
preached by Rabbi Isidore Myers on both
days about noon. On Tuesday the sub
ject of the sermon will be "The Battles of
Life " and on Wednesday a sermon in
ver«e on the Shophar will be redelivered
by special request. The choir has been
strengthened by the addition of eight
ladles who have volunteered their ser
vices and who have been carefully trained
by Cantor Myerson and Professor De
lipiane.
In discussing the Jewish new year.
Rabbi Myers said yesterdays
The celebration of the Jewish New Year
Is intended to emphasize some of the most
sublime ideas taught by Judaism. In the
first place it commemorates the creation of
the world and proclaims the universal sov
ereignty of the Creator, who alone governs
all nature and sways the destinies of all
nations and men. Secondly It reminds the
Jew that man Is a responsible being who
must render an account for ail his actions
to the Supreme Judge. Hence it is regarded
as the first of the days set aside for self
examination and preparation for the solemn
Day •■' Atonement. And lastly, the holiest
hope and aspiration '■' Judaism is expressed
on the New 'Years day that the time will
ccme when all men will —ledge the
only God as their Klnp. Judge and Father,
The expression of each of these three Ideas
Is accompanied by the sounding of the Shop
har, or Ram's Horn. First, it if= sounded In
jubilation proclaiming the coronation of the
heavenly Klnor. Then It sounds as an alarm,
"to awaken the sleeping and to rouse them
to repentance." And lastly, Israel's hope is
' conveyed In the third blast of the traditional
Phoptiar, which was first heard on Sinai
when the law «a« given, and to be heard
again throughout the world wnen universal
liberty and peace will be proclaimed among
the children of our universal Father.
THEIR NAMES.
The Old Nurse's Answer to an Ad
mirer's Query.
The story of that proud mother who
named her twin pirl babies "Kate" and ;
"Duplicate" baa been eclipsed by an In- j
cident in the life of a pair of Washington
twins v. hich a well known raconteur |
vouches for as absolutely correct. The j
fond parents of a lovely pair of twin
babies employed a motherly old Irish
woman to nurse them. The other day she
took them out for a carriage ride In
Franklin square. The babies are bright
and pretty and always attract tire atten- I
tion of passers-by. As they sat cooing
and billing In the sun a young woman who
has a great fondness for infants came
along and stopped to admire them, The
following dialogue then ensued: •
"Oh my. what two handsome babies.
"Vis, mum." replied the nurse, appre- ;
ciating the compliment.
"Are they twins?"
"Vis, mum."
"Both girls?" Inquired the young woman.
"No. mum"; still smiling.
"Both boys, eh?"
"So, mum."
"Oh, a boy and a girl; that's nice."
"Vis. mum."
"Ah, and what are their names, may I
ask?" continued the baby admirer, as she j
imprinted kisses upon the fat cheeks of :
the little innocents.
"This wan is Maxie, mum. and this wan
Is Minnie mum."— Washington Post.
.■ » ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
rhomas J. Clea.r>' to city and county of San
! Francisco lot on E line of Octavia street, 120 ,
N of Fulton. N 17:6 by E $2:8; $— . /
Martha J. Williams to Agnes Mangel*, lot on
S line of Jackson street, 137:6 W of Lagtina, W !
27:6 by S 127: i $10-
F W. and Lillian Wlllmans to same, lot on !
i S line of Jackson street, 165 W of Laguna, W 5 :
; by S i:7:«> ; ; |M>.
City and county of San Francisco to Alexan- !
der G. Haw-;: lot on SW corner of Washing
ton and Buchannan streets, S 126: 5 Vi by W 137:6;
Same to Emma. C. Wagner, lot on S line of ;
: Lombard street, 247:6 W of Fill more. W 27:6 by '
S 60- $—.
Emma C. Wagner to Amalle Meyer, same, j
quitclaim deed; $0.
Elizabeth G. Baldwin to P. de Martini, lot ,
I on N line of Union street, 160 W of Devlsadero,
W 37:6 by N 137:6; $10.
P. and Angela de Martini to Daniel E. Mar
tin ' lot on N line of Union street, SO W of De
vtsadero, W SO by N 137:5; $19.
Daniel E. Martin to Pauline Martin (wife), j
same: gift.
H;bernia Loan and Savings Society to Anna
M Harvey, lot on NE corner of Geary and j
Lyon streets, E 02 by N 55: $4230.
Benjamin and Fannie Harris to Merchants <
Loan Association, lot on N line of Geary street,
I 89:9 W of Wood. W 51 by N 81:3; $10.
1 Frederick Boese and O. D. Baldwin to Re- ;
1 beka Rothschild, lot on W line of Shrader ;
j street. 125 S of Oak. S 2.". by W 112:6; $10. ,
Th l as and Bridget Henry to Johanna See
rer lot on S line of Twenty-eighth street. 175 !
X of Church, E 25 by S 114; $10.
Edward A. and Daisy B. Howard to David
and Esther G. Henderson, lot on NW line of
Howard street. Sl:8 SW of Steuart, SW 45:10 ;
: by 137 i: $10.
William A. W-att to D. A. Curtin. lot on ,
■ W line of Forty-third avenue, 200 X of U street,
! n 50 by w I?); $10.
Mary F. and Kate M. McLaughlln to Carrie
! E. Brldee (wife of Henry S.). lot on W line
! of Prospect street, 221 s of Coso. s M by w
1 122:6, portion acre lot 45, Bernal Heights and
Precita Valley lands: $5.
Kate M. McLaughlln to same, lot on N line
of Sherman street. 75 W of Orizaba, W 25 by ;
N 100, lot 4, block 67. City Land Association; $0. '
Anna and Peter P. O'Connor to Home Build
ins Company (a corporation), lot on E line of |
Athens street, 200 S of Brazil. S 25 by E 100, 1
lot 2. block 73, Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Deborah Dlamant or Dora Diamond to Union |
Trust Company of San Francisco (trustee). j
1 Frltze, Ellis Nathan and Charles Diamond. !
Chava S. Gutstein. Maria Llchter and Yetta |
M. Alns, oil estate of first's property: also in- ;
terest to estate of Jacob Dusenbery, trust deed; j
Maria Llchter to Plnkus Llchter. estate of '
Jacob Dusenbery: gift.
Alexander Campbell to Louise Campbell (wife 1
of Alexander), lot on E line of Webster street. '
172 N of Locust, N 62:6 by E 123, being the N :
three- fourths of lot 4 and S half of lot 5, block 1
2256, Valdez Tract. Oakland: gift. •
William R. Berry to Sophia Btohl (wife of P. I
F. C), lot on N line of Stuart Ftreet, 100 W of !
Fulton, W 60 by N 134:6, being lot 33 and E 10 j
feet of lot 22. resubdivided block D, Blake i
Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Theodore M and Esther Tracy to Glennle j
Davies. lot on N line cf Rose street. 55 E of
Shattuck avenue, E 4* by N 120. block 21, map
of property of Berkeley Villa Association,
Berkeley:" $1«. *■" " j
Emile A Bruguiere, George H. Mastick and '
William H. Harnden (trustees . of estate of
Peder Sather to Frederick Bammann. lot on SE
corner of Railroad avenue and Morton street,
E 150 by S 300. being lots 1 to C, 49 to SC. block
2C Fitch Homestead Tract, Alameda: $6000.
Builders Contracts.
Mark Pheld^n (owner) with Vermont Marble
Company 1 contractors), arrhitects McDnugall
Brothers— Marble entrance, steps and vestibule
for certain additions to a three-story frame
building on PW corner of Golden Gate avenue
end Lacuna street. "W 34:6 by S 12<>; $1651.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco.
a corporation sole (owner) with Martin Carrlck
(contractor), architect Chariea J. L QevMn—
Washing down, hacking and cementing of that
brick structure known as the Church of at-
Francis A«?issi. on N line of Vallejo street.
65:9 W of Dupont. W 75:3 by N 137:6; $2241.
J. P. and E. Trouillet (owners) with M. Buz
zini (contractor), architects Oliver Everett and
G. A. Berger— Excavating, bulkhead'.ng and un
derpinning, concrete and artificial Ftone work,
wrought and cast iron work for a 3-story frame
building on lot on E line of Polk street, KZ:I *
S of Washington. E 137:6 by S 25; t^ioS.
Mrs. Rosalie Greenebaum (owner) with F. v.
Jones. G. Peterson and J. Rountree (con
tractors), architects Newborn & Meyer— All
work for frame residence on lot on E line of
Franklin street. 75:5V4 S of Washington, S M
by E 137:6; J7400.
Felix Marcuse (owner) with Marcuse & irn "
mcl (contractors and architects)— An work for
two 2-story frame dwellings on lot on « line
of Stanyan street. 50 S of Parnassus avenue,
S £0 by 81:3: $«000.
■ ♦ »
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J A Wagner. USA G W Hszen, Or
H D Mitchell, L" S A : A Ekman. Cal
J B Forrer. USA Wm M Hunter. L A
M F Dillon, Cal ■ T Scribn*r. Cal
W H Moore, Cal ; J D Bradley. Merced
'W B Lanmer. Col ; Clara Conklln, Cal
E W Cason, Utah IE E Hlsrglns. Denver
| J B Daatermann, V J Brign^ie, Cal
Minnesota H Clark, Cal
! T Hushbeck ~ j P H Molse, B L Ob •
J N Henry. ITS A | Geo E Lincoln. N V
j M Henry, Hayward» I J M Strienins & f,
F D de votee. Col . Santa Rosa
F B Granger. Cal G H Smith, Redding
II J Svms, Idaho ; F L Clark. L A
L Castle. Idaho ; Julius Loeb. Ca!
R H Tchudy, Idaho T Wlllcox, Chico
J E Veagey. Idaho i E £ Peacock. Cal
I E Carrlngton, Cal J J Miioy. Cal
F Wells. San Jose H M Reed, Idaho
H A Bell, Sacto A Nlckerson, V 8 A
; E Whipple, Decoto L J Wallace. USX.
i H Davis, Nev ! C Clark Napa
E E Martin. Masalla HIM Clark. Nara i
J A Ashbrook. Col Miss Revedson, Ross
E E Blg;j3. Qrtdle; C B Bills. San Jose -
Mrs M A Wlllard & D D Bracks. San Jose
dtr. Springfield Mrs E H Henderson.
W A White & w. Cal Del Norte
B P Tabor, Auburn '
PALACE HOTEL.
R Maurlas, Oakland Mrs H Baring. London
i Mrs R Maurias, Oak Iffm Marshall. Phlla
! J E McDonald. U S N C P Bres'.an, San Jose
H B Hurr. Ist Colo 'Mrs Metier & eh. Eng
F L Berry. Stanford G H Mlllard. N T
Col W J Cotton, Calo'Mrs Mlllard. N T
A X Etz. Ist Colorado E E Mlllard, N T
H P Merrill. Ariz W A Pricharrt.Amador
F TV Watson. Stanford Mrs Pricharu. Amador
: H P Pritchett IS 0 Haloes, Minn
'■ D Simpson, Van"ouv»r Mrs Halnes. Minn
H M Hoet, Spokane B C Fox, Phila
<; V." Piiterbaush, Cal. Mrs E A Smith. N T
Geo W Gray, Chicago [Mrs G E Gorman &
: \V W Bush ! maid. N T
i J R Patton. San Jo?eiW P Harrington, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
' C McAdams. Texas '.1 Steinberg, Idaho
iV 3 Ltnderman, Cal I W Klrdner, Idaho
! F W Shore. Cal j F Graef, S Rafael
! C Blake, Chgo J E Graef, S Rafael
! Mrs J Jones, Sacto S Brooke, lowa
W Aird. Los Ang M S Wiggini>. Colo
; J D Lang-ford, c a l j E Johnson. T'kiah
J Marks. Fresno A J Langley. N T
i Mis? Peel, Los Ang I C L Bert. N T
E Smith, Idaho I P Donnelly. Fresno
Notice to Mariners.
Offir» T"nited ftates Lighthouse Inspector.
Twelfth District, San Francisco, Ca!., Sep
tember 2, IW'.
San Francisco bar. California: Notice Is
hereby given that the Inside bar buoy <nlne
fathom buoy), entrance Pan Francisco Bay,
first -claps nun buoy. Mack and white per
pendicular stripes, which was recently carried
away, has been replaced in its former posi
tion.
This notice affects the list of beacons and
bu^ys. Pacific O a.«t. IM, rape 1%.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
r. SEBREE, ComrnanAer. U. S. N*.,
- tor Twelfth Lighthouse District
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and • Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hich and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf! about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the Fame at both places.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 4.
Sun r!?*s 5:42
Pun sets 6:35
Moon ' -"'- 5:13 a. m.
0 ITimel (Time. ITimel ITimel
= Ft. Ft. ]— Ft. 'Ft.
- I, W, il W\ [L W H Wl
_J_ j | 1 |
5 ...I 5:161 0.71 11:55 5.3| 6:3S LSj 11:54 5.0
5 ...I 5.16 0.7 U:55!i 5.3' 5:3*' 1.* 11:54, 5.0
6 ... 5:46 1.0 32:18 6.31 6:16 1.0
H W L W (H W L W
7 ...I 0:351 4.91 6:16' 1.3? 12:41' 5.41 6:56 9.1
g ... 1:20 4.7 6:43 1.6 1:07 6.5 7:3? 0.5
9 ...1 2:11 4.: 7:24 2.0 1:46 5.31 8:30 0.4
in .. i 3:10 4.2 8:031 2.5 2:20 5.1 9:26* 0.3
11 ... 4:24 4.0! 8:66 2.9 3:05 5.5 10:30 0.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning: tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tiJe of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tide?, as sometimes occur. The Jieights
given are addition to the sounding's on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
•when a minus sign (— precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. ! Due.
Homer St. Michael IPep. 4
A. Blanchard.. .'Coos Bay Sep. 4
Tacoma 'Seattle Sep. 4
Pomona (Humboldt Bay Sep. 4
Bertha (St. Michael Sep. 4
Grace 'Dollar... Grays Harbor Sep. 4
Czarina jPnget Sound Bep. 4
Walla Walla.... Victoria A Puget Sound Sep. 4
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 4
Crescent City... Crescent City 'Sep. 4
Areata ! Coos Bay Sep. 5
Corona Pan Diego Sep. 5
Aberdeen Humboldt Sep. 5
catnoa 'Humboldt Sep. 6
Titanla 'Nana: mo Sep. 6
Mackinaw Tacoma Sep. 6
Weeott Humboldt Sep. 7
Columbia Portland Sep. 7
Pan Juan Panama Sep. 7
Santa Cruz Newport Sep. 7
Willamette Nanalrno Sep. 7
Point Arena.. ..iPoInt Arena £ep. 8
Wellington .... Departure Bay Sep. 8
Santa Rosa Pan Diego Sep. 9
Cltv of Rio J.. China and Japan pop. 9
Umatilla I Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. 9
State of Cal.... Portland Sep. 12
Australia Honolulu P*P- 12
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails.' ! Pier.
TVeeott ~. Humboldt Sep. 4. 5 pm Pier 13
In Arena. ..'Point Arena. .'Sep. 4. 2 Pier i
A Blanch'dlCoos Bay Pep. 6, 10 am Pier 13
Coos Hay... Newport 'Sep. 5. 9 am Pier 11
State Cal... Portland Sep. 5. 10 amfPier 24
Aloha Cape Nome... (Sep. 5. 4 pmfPler 9
Pomona Humbolflt Pep. 6. 2 Pier 9
Newburg .. Grays Harbor'Sep. 6. 4 pm
Alameda ..Sydney Sep. 6. 10 rm Pier 7
Areata Coos Bay Pep. 7. 10 am Pier 13
Corona San Diego Sep. 7. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork. Humboldt Sep. 7, 9 am Pier 2
Curacao ...Mexico 'Sep. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Acapulco ..Panama 'Sep. 8.12 m'PMSS
Walla Wall Vic & Pgt Sd. Sep. S. 10 am Pier 9.
Santa Cruz. Newport ..'Sep. 9. 9 am Pier 11
Homer Cape Nome... 'Sep. 9 1
Columbia .. Portland (Pep. 1". I" am Pier 24
Stun a Humboldt Sep 10. 10 Rm Pier 2
Nip Maru.. Japan Sep. 12, .1 pmlPMSS '
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, September 3.
Stmr Sunol. Liebi*. 51 hours from San
Pedro
Stmr Cleone. Hifrglns. 14 hours from Albion. 1
Stmr "Weeott, Ellis, 24 hours from Eureka.
=tmr Orizaba, Green, 80 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Signal. Bendegard. 50 hours from Coo«
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, 21 hours from UsaJ.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, — hours from Xsw-
Bg Consul. Pa«, 26 days from Mahukonm.
Schr Man" C. Madsen, 8 hours from Bodega.
SAILED.
Sunday, SeDt«mber 3.
Stmr Miami. Mac Donald. Seattle. •
Stmr Georce Loomls. Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Sunol, Lleblff. Little River.
Stmr Queen, Jensen. Victoria . and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Dlero.
Stmr Sequoia, ThwlnK, .
Stmr Empire. Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Washtenaw. Croscup. Tacoma.
Stmr Scotia, Jacob*. . ...
Bk Charles 3. Kenney, Anderson, Nanaimo.
Haw bk Himalaya, Dearborn. Melbourne.
Bk Galilee, Dlnsmore, Tahiti.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bow-ens Land-
Schr Laura Madsen. Jorgenson, Grays Har
bor. ■.'■■•'• " ■ : ; '
Schr Orient. Sanders, Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr North Bend, Palragren, Willapa Harbor.
Bchr Roy Somers, Poiland. Grays Harbor.
Schr Beulau, Mitchell. »
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Eert. 3 10 p. m.— Weather
thick; wind calm.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Orizaba— On September 1. lal 44.30
N. long 124.50 W. passed stmr Czarina with
lograft in tow. Everything all right.
Per bg Consuelo— On August 29, in lat 37.35
N, long 122.07 \V. saw a ship in ballast.
' DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived September 3— Schr
Maggie C. Russ, from Portland.
Sailed September 3— Schr Sadie, for Umpqua.
Strar Newsboy, for .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived ' September
3— Stmr Whitesboro, from Point Arena.
POINT ARENA— Arrived September Stmr
Alcazar, hence September -.
EUREKA— Arrived September 3— Stmr Sa
moa, hence September 2.
Sailed Semember 3— Stmr North Fork, for
San Francisco. Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco. T" S stmr Badger, for cruise. ■
COOS BAY— Arrived September 2-Stmr Ar
cata, hence August 31. ■
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed September 3— Schr
Ethel Zane, for Santa Barbara. Schr Prcs
per, for Sydney.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed September 3— 3 stmr
Marblehead, for Ban Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE— Arrived September 2— Bktn
Newsboy, from Noumoa.
■ TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.-
NEW YORK— Arrived September 3-Stmr
Champagne, from Havre.
QUEENSTOWN— September 3— Stmr
Urr.bria, from Liverpool, for New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived September I—
Stmr Rhynland. from Liverpool.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
few Steamers leave Broadway j
fTPfSii, wharf, San Francisco.
Ib^M For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m., j
BPKJn^ September 3. $. 13. IS. 23. 2s, ;
lEm Hcml October 3. change at Seattle.
JBS&3Kjml For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i ImUM IjiMuLl C). Fort Towr.send. Seattle,
I^^^SH Tacoma, Everett. Anacertes
and New Whatcom (Wash.), i
""^ 10 a. m. September 3, ?, IS, 18, ,
23 2$ October 3. and every fifth day thereafter: !
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N.
P Rv ■ at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Sep-
tember 1. 6. 11, 16. 21, 26. October L and every
fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey San Simeon, 1
Cayuccs Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). i
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. !
San Pedro. East San Psdro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. September 1. 5. 9. 13. 17. 2L |
2". 29. October 3, and every fourth day there- j
For Pan Dl»go, stopping only at Port Har-
fcrd (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angles and Redondo 'I-f Angelps). 11 .a.
m.. September 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 17. October 1.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. Pan Jose <J?1
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altala. La Par. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., .th of each |
month. -  , _
For further Information obtain fouler.
The company re*»rvea the right to char.re
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hour* of *nllln«\
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PFRKINS & CO.. Gen. Agtu..
10 Market ft., Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
i r DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sr>ear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
C«DC $12 First Class Including Bert*
Prill L SS Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Sept. 5, 15, 25; Oct. 5. 15, 23
COLUMBIA sails.. Sept. 10. 20, 30; Oct. 10, 20, 30
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Pert. 6' St. Paul Sept. 27
New York Sept. 13 New York Oct. 4
St. Louis Sept. 20: St. Louis Oct. 11
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antv,-ero.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark ....Sept. €! Nordland Sept. 27
Westernland ..Sept. 131 FrleEland Oct. 4
Kensington ....Sept. 20! Southwark Oct. 11
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passatre apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KM KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p.. m.. for
I YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling nt
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
1 India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
| of Falling.
NIPPON MART' Tuesday. September 12
i AMERICA MART Friday, October €
HONGKONG MART' ...Wednesday, Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. . For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market st . cor. First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
fOTPJJM 6Un?& S. S. Alameda sails
jJlillffllE via Honolulu and
•f*""'* Auckland for Sydney
M k Wednesday. Septem-
ry J^i r\ ber «. at 10 p. m.
'^pirnchin.) The S. S. Australia
CJIMIIDwU- Fails for Honolulu
fSfflfi(WH~ Wednesaay, Beptcm-
\VlHwlJ|CfcP b er jo, at 2p. m.
Favorite Line Round th» World, via Hawaii.
Samoa New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez,
' England, etc.; $610 first class.
l D. SPRECKELSiBROS.CO.,A9ts., ll4Montgomen
! Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Otflce. 327 Market St
COMPAONIE GENERALE TRAWBATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. >^*.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 f^t m. vilitXlJ
from Pier 42. North River, foot of ■^*»=h4^
Morton st LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept. 9: LA
! GA3COGNE, Sept. 16; LA BRETAGNE. Sept.
! 23- LA TOURAINE. Sept 30: LA NORMAN-
; DIE, Oct. 7. First-class to Havre. $6.". and up-
ward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
i ond-class to Havre, $4.'. 10 per cent reduction
'on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
: UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 52 Broad-
' way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
', GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
| gomery aye.. San Francisco.
, — ■ ■
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
I days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:50 a. m.. g
I p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
I Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IMS.
FARE 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
i EVERT DAY IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
i PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET- STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
S*.N FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. «2S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara Street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
. VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. ISS9, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen-| Mixed. Mixed. I Passen-
ger. [Sunday Stations. Sunday , ger.
Dally. lExc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally. ;
7:20 atn 10:30 am Stockton I »:45 pm 6:00 pm i
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm {
10:40 am 6:25 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:35 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm •
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfteld 2:00 am 11:00 am ■
11:59 am .25 pm Vlsalia (:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tular* 5:50 am 1:03 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Department, sa Market it.,
San Fr»nci»«o. — -*_ ,
AUCTION SALES.
£5 2ci& ./r?^
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
AT HEALET'S STOCKYARDS.
1701 Harrison St.. corner of Thirteenth.
TUESDAY. SEPT. 5, ISS?, AT 11 A. M.
By order of William Lock we will sell sixty
head of horses, broke and unbroke, ranging
in weight from &00 to 13« pounds and irom
5 to 7 years old.
. Horses now at above yards.
.We call the attention of liverymen, milk-
men and expressmen to these horses and ad-
vise them to call and see them..
SULLIVAN St DOYLE.
Livestock Auctioneers.
Office. 327 Flxth street.
BAXLBOAD TBLAVXL.
IOtTHRRN PACIFIC COMPAHTt
(PACIFIC BVSTEM.)
rralna leurc j%h«l MM due to nrrlTO at
MAM niAICISC*.
(Main Line. Foot of ir^rket Street.)
leave — From August 2, 1399. — *E»m
7:00 v Bcnicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 5:43p
7:OOa Mirysville. OrovlUeaad Kedding Ti»
Woodland 8»45f
7iO6a Elrcira, Vacarille and P.nmsey S:3»F
7:30. a Mirtinez,Sannanion,Valle]aXapa,
('alißtcga and Sinta Rcza 6:13p
8:O0a Atlautis Express. Ogdeu and Kut.. 9t43 A.
StttOASau Jose. LiTcrmore, Stockton,
loco. Sacraineuto, Placerrille,
MaryaTille, Chico, Uedßluff 4:13p
8«8Oa 'Milton, Oakd&lo tonora *:13e
0:30 a Yosemita Valley via Oakdale and
Chinese 4:13*
•:OOa Hay wards, ~Si\ta and Way Station*. I£i43a.
•:OOa Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced and Fresno I»il»»
9iooa Fresno, ]3aker3tieid Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles, Demin& £1 Paso, .
New Orleans and East 6:45»
10:00 a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
11 :OOa Haywards, NUes and Way Stations. ti43»
IS:OOx Silts. Li»ermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento. Mendota, Hxinford, VUalia,
Pcr^rrUle 4ilsp
•IjOOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers »8:00p
8:00r Har^ards. Nil-.* and Way Station*. Bt4B*
4i«or Mcrtiuez. San JUrcou, Vallejo,
Napa, Cal!»*og». Santa Rosa , »il»*
4:00r BenicU, V»caTlll<x Sacramento,
1 Hand, Knißhts landing,
MBrysTille, OroTilln H:4Sa,
4tBOr rian Jciwand Stockton 7:13
4:SOr Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13p
OsOOpTLo Owl. Tracy, Fresno, Bakers- ,
field. Saugus for 6anU Barbara,
Los Armeies. »:43a
S:BOr Ptocktcn. Merced, Fresno 12:13p
ot3op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno.
Mojito end I.os Angelea B*4B*
oi3op Santa i'% Routs, Atlaulio Express
forMojtfo and East «t43p
9 iO9p Cb!oigo-Bau Fr*ncisooSpecial,Ogdeii ;
and Kaek BiSol<
6:00p Hajwards, Kiies and San Joae 7.-4.1*
•SiOOp Vallejo 18:18p
' 17:00p Vallejo. Port Cost* and Way SU-
tions.. J*i33s
•i(»3r Orecoa riprr»,BacriiTrent \ Marys.
Tille. Itedding, I'ortlainl, I'uget
Honml an.l Hast »il3^
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gange).
(Foot ct Market Street.) • - ;
> ~17»45a Santa Cruz Excursion tot Santa '
Cruz and Principal Wey Station* JSiO3»
oil 5a Newark, Centcrville. San Jose. Felum,
Boulder Creek. San Cruz and Way
Stations BiS»*
•SilOp Newark, Centerrille, Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal War
B»Uons •I«iB»4
4ilßr San Jose. Ulenwood and Way Sta-
tions. 9«20*
Mi I Felton. EanU Cruz and Way Sta-
tlODß /OtaOA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FranSia f&lßClSCO— feat cf Market Street (Slip —
•7.16 9:00 lIKMa.m. 11:03 *2:!3 t3:09
•1:03 15:03 ••*>»•■.
rnnOilUJD— Cml or Brcadvar. — *C:00 8:00 10:00*.
_ t!2:CO *I:C3 t2:D3 *3::3 tt:S3 *B<3r.M.
- COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Towns?! id Sta.)
• 8:IOa Ocean View, South Han 1 ranci^co.. *6:30f
I «7:00 a Ban Joss ami Way Stations (New
Aln.S'l 1 Wednesdays ouly) "8:00 a.
, 27:30 a Sunday Excursion fcr Santa Cruz,
Pacific GroTe and Principal Way
Stations J8«331i
liMa San Jose. Trss Tiuos, Santa Cruz,
PaciUo Grnta. Paso Kobles. Bail
I.ula OliLspo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Wny St:Uinii3 4ilop
I«l4*« San Jose mid Way Station! O:S3a
I1:3Oa Ban Joso and Way Stations l:80r
•Si4sp San Slateo. lledwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, ban .lose,
Hollister. Santa Cruz. Silica*.
Monterey ai.d Tacllic; Grove •10i3bA,
■B:30p SanJo?e, Santa Cruz. PaclP.o Orore
and Prindral Way Slnxlons »7:30p
*4tl3p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 0:43 a.
•3>oop San Jose and Principal Way Stations *»:33 a
3:30r Bau ami Principal Way SuUons *9:<»oa
0:301? San Joss a>: 1 Way Stations .V:tOp
f11;43p San Joagaiid Way Stattons :7i:tOp
1 AforMoniii:;. 1* for Afternoon.
' • Sunday excepted. } Sunday only. t Saturday only.
fcSatorday and Sunday /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. .
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,)
!:SO, 5:10, 6:30* p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1.--*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 *. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 4:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
1:40, e:l3 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:& p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:«. U:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:4», 5:05,
6:25 p. m. \
\ Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
j same schedule as above. ;
Leave Arr}T»
1 Bar. Francisco. In Effect San Tr^odsco. .
I ■ 1 April 16, ; — —
I Week ', Sun- U99. Sun- j Week
I Days. I days. 1 Destination. | days. j Days.
7:30 am S:0Oam! Novato, 10:40 am, '8:40 aja
1:30 prr. 9:30 am Petaluma, 8:05 pmjlO:2s aral
i '.. pm 5:09 pn; Santa Rosa. 7:35 prn, 6:20 pn»
Fulton,
7:13 an Windsor. 10:25 am
Healusburs,
Lytton,
Geyserville.
1:10 pm S:00 am Gloverdale. 7:2S ?m 6:21 pn»
1 7:30 am Hopland and : *' 10:23 ana
.1 8:30 pm 8:00 am; Uklah. ; 7:35 pa, 6:20 p=»
■ 7JO am 10:25 ac»
1 j 8:00 ami GuernevUle, 7:35 pm
: 8:30 pm | )6:Mpn»
■ T:3O ami 8:00 am 1 Sonoma am' S:*o an»
I and
1:10 pm S:CO pm Glen Ellen. | 6.-05 pm 6:23 pn«
I 7:30 am 8:00 am Sevastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 an^
! 1:30 pm 5:00 pm| I 7:35 pmj 6:20 praj
: Stages connect at Santa Roca for Mark West
Springs and Whits Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
1 for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
i j land for Duncan Springs, Highland Spring,
. Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
; ! port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
| Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
i Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pom",
: Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Height*. Hullvllle.
Boonevllle. Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs,'
1 Kavarro, Whltesboro. Albion. Little River.
Orr*s Hot Springs, Mendotlno City. Fort Bragg.'
Westport. Usal. Wlllttte. LaytonvUle, CunH
rr.ir.g"s. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer,
! Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldr.
H. C. WHITING. R. X RYAN. '
General Manager. G»n. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauftallto Ferry.
Commencing September 1. 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL V ALLEY
AND SAN RAF A L.
: WEEK DAYS— 7:CO. *t*S, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.:
•1:45. 3:JO, 4:00. •*:<'". 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
j Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
6i:XDATS-«:00, *9:00. •10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m. ; 1:00. *1:45. »2:30, '4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
ll:Wa. m. does not run to San Rafl Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Vai'y Sundays.
! Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS -". *6:40. 7:55. '40, »10:20
a. m.; 12:30. 1:15, •S:*©. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP? on Mondays. Wednesdays
. an 1 Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. *S:00, *9:45. *10:45. '11:45
a. m. ; 1:00, 2:20. »3:30. '5:15. 6:00, 7:00, 10:15
P Trains marked M run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS — 5:45. ■"''. 7:55. 8:55, 10:35
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday!
and Saturdays, at 7:CO. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S. CO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
t-21 2-40 3:55. S'3o. tUB. l<»:20 •>. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. ;*?/.
7:<io'a. m. week days— Cazartero and way sta'r.s.
3-*0 p m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
? : C0 a. m. Sunday*— and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
active •-<>.■ Francisco, via 6uusoilta Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1539.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p. m. '
; Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
i day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
Ing, arriving In San Francisco at 11:24
. p. m. • • . .
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:*
and 4 p. m.
Fare S. P. to Bummlt and Return. $1 46.
i - THOS COOK & SON. Acts.. £21 Market •*-
910
TAXPAYERS OPPOSE
AN EXTRA SESSION
Agitation Emanates From the
Political Bureau of the
Southern Pacific,
Herrin and Burns May Compel the Gov-
ernor to Issue the Proclamation,
Alleged Supporters of a Caucus.
THE sentiment of the taxpayers of
California as expressed through
the newspapers and the utterances
of public men Is against an extra
session of the Legislature. The
plea that the Vrooman act must be re
vised before street work can be carried
forward is a mere subterfuge to give the
Governor a shadow of Justification for
calling together the members. Every per
eon of ordinary intelligence comprehends
that the real purpose of the proposed spe
cial session Is to bring about the election
of Burns to the United States Senate.
A few weeks after the regular session
adjourned the managers of the political
'bureau of the Southern Pacific began a
canvass of the Stato to ascertain how
many members of the Legislature would
agree to go Into caucus provided the Gov
ernor would call an extra session this fall.
At first the canvass was conducted with
much cunning and sagacity. Many mem
bers supposed that the agent making the
inquiry was a representative of tnlß pa
per. The general tenor of interviews con
vinced, the railroad agents that the mem
bers would be glad to assemble in Sacra
mento again and draw down a weekly al
lowance from the State treasury, but they
would not agree to support Burns for Sen
ator and neither would they consent to
sign a pledge to go into caucus.
The Southern Pacific and the Mexican
were not elated over the result of the
canvass and the subject .was referred to
Judge Dibble for further consideration.
subsequently there was quite a round-up
of Senators and Assemblymen at Dibble's
office in the Mills building, and the word
was passed out that sixty-one members
would agree to go Into caucus. When
the Governor was consulted he refused to
consider anything but written pledges.
This did not discourage the extra session
advocates, as they insisted that Herrin
and Burns would take the Governor in
hand and command him to call the ses
sion. Here the matter rests for the pres
ent. Burns and Her Yin have not yet
tietmed it advisable to force the Gover
nor's hand. They are not convinced that
Hums could win in the caucus.
A well informed member of the Le3is'a
n;rc who has closely studied the attitude
of legislators on the subject and whose
position enables him to obtain what is
railed inside information estimates that
thirty-nine members have agreed to go
lino caucus in the event of a. special ses
sion. There are twenty-six Republicans
In the Senate and fifty-nine in the Assem
bly, making a total of eighty-five. The
number of votes in the Legislature neces
sary for a choice, assuming that all the
members attend, is sixty-one. The record
of a leading ballot on the- last day of the
repulur session is thus given:
Burns: Senators — Bettman, Burnett, Hoey,
Laird, T>eavltt. fihortrldge, Simpson, Wolfe.
Assemblymen— Arnertch. Barry, Bnecher, Cobb,
Copper. Dovoto. Dibble, Henry. Jllson, John
son Kelley, Kelsey, Kenneally, Lundquißt,
Marvin MoKeen, Miller of San Francisco. Mil
ler of Los Angeles. Pierce, Rickard. Sullivan,
Wrlelit. Burns' total, 10.
Grant: Senators— Boyce, Currier, Cutter,
Jones Maspard, Nutt, Smith, Trout. Assem
blymen—Bliss, Blood. Canrill, Chynoweth,
Clark, Crowder, Dale, rvL*ncie, Oreenwell,
Huber, McDonald of Alameda, McDonald of.
Tuolumne. Merrill. Merritt. Milice, Radcliff,
Raub. Raw, Robinson, Works, Le Baron.
<;> rant's total. 2?.
Barnes: Senator*— Bui la, Dickinson, Gil
lette, LuehsinKer. MorrhouFe, Stratton, Tay
lor. Assemblymen — Anderson, Atherton, Bel-
Fhaw, Boynton, Brown, Clougrh. Conrey,
Knights Lardner, Knowland, Melick, Muent
ner, Valentine. Barnes' total. 20.
Pcott: Senators— Davis, Flint, Rowell. As
semblymen—Dunlap, La Baree. Scott's total 5.
F.stee CWade), 1.
The member alluded to gives the follow
ing stntement to indicate the present
standing of the Republican members of
the Legislature:
Now for caucus: Senators— Bett man, Bur
nett, Currier. Cim»r, Dickinson, Hoey. Laird
J^avltt, Morehnu.-.-. Bbortrldge, Simpson
«olfe. AsF<rnbl>-men-Arnerich, Barry, Beprn
er, Cobb. Cosppr. rar K lll. Devoto, Dtbble,
Hfnry, Jilar., Johnson, Kellcy, Kolsey, Huber
SAN FRANCISCO GIRLS
MARRY AWAY FROM HOME
t
» WILLIAMS— REIHM— In Virginia City. BRYANT-REIHM-In Auckland, N. Z..
I Nev., July 8. IKSi'J. Fred Williams and August 2. WX by the Rev. Father T>nrby. J
Kllzaheth V. Reihm. F. Esmelton Bryant and Grace A. Rcihm. <?>
; f | \UK above, which appeared in the marring.' notices of The Call yester- *
day. were the first announcements that two well-known Ban Framism •
pirls haii taken unto themselves husbands. The Atlssea Qrace America 4
! Elizabeth Virginia Reihm are daughters 'of Mathias Reihm, well <$
* -*- known on the Comstocs in the "days of gold," then proprietor of a i
f machine shop in San Francisco and now a prominent foundryman in Virginia
The sisters Grace, Elizabeth and Nellie Osgood Reihm were known in this f
city as "The Three Graces." They were born and educated here and have i
a host of friends in the community.
Elizabeth remained with her father and last July was married to Fred *
* Williams, a well-known mining man of Bodie. She and her husband spent *'
their moneymoon in California and are now permanently located in Bodie. <>
► Grace and Nellie went to Australia some time ago to join their aunt, <>
«► Maggie Moore of "Struck Oil" fame. The girls expressed an earnest desire <>
to go on the stage, and when the Maggie Moore-Harry Roberts Dramatic 1
Company was formed for a tour of the world Grace and Nellie Reihm were
f engaged as members of the troupe. Another stage struck member of the com- J
* jiiiny was Fred Ewnelton Bryant, the son of a wealthy ranch-owner in f
P Australia. Fred and Gracie became great friends during the early portion of 4"
► the tour, and when the company reached Auckland, N. /.., they decided to ♦
t> get married.
The ceremony was performed in St. Benedict's Church, Auckland, and
Mrs J Conroy of San Francisco, aunt of the Misses Rcihm, gave the bride
9 away. Miss Nellie Rtihm was the maid of honor and Percy Ward, a well- T
* known member of the theatrical profession, was host man. After the cere- J
7 mony tht-ro was a wedding h'feakfast at which seventy invited guests were <S>
► present. The happy couple went away on a short honeymoon and then with ♦
* the other members of the company sailed on the mail steamer Alameda for 1
Honolulu. The Moore-Roberts Company is now In Hawaii and will arrive
here on the Australia on the 12th inst., when Mrs. Bryant's many frienda
[ will have a chance to congratulate her.
Kenneally, Lundquist, Marvin, Miller of Pan
Krancit-co, Miller of Lob Angeles. Blood, Mo-
Kean, Merrill, Mlllre, Pierce, Rlckard, Sulli
van, Wright— total 39.
Doubtful: Senators— Davis, Maßgard. Nutt,
Rowell, Stratton, Trout. Assemblymen— Bliss,
Dale, Dunlap, Chynoweth, Greenwell. Boynton,
I-*i Baree. Le Baxon, McDunald of Alameda,
Works— total, 16.
Against caucus if Burns has any apparent
chance: Senators— Boyce, Bulla, Flint. Glllt-tte,
Junes, Luchsinger, Smith, Taylor. AssemMy
men—Anderson, Atherton, Belßhaw, Brown,
Clark, dough, Conrey, Crowder, DeLancie,
Knights, Knowlund, Lardner, McDonald of
Tuolunane, Mellck, Merritt, Muenter, Hadcllft,
Kaub, Raw, liobtnsou, Yuleutlne, Wade— total,
30.
The CalTs information differs slightly
from the estimate presented by the mem
ber of the Legislature who pave the fore
going figures. for example. Senator
Smith of Ivern, who is classed i
a caucus, "if Burns has any apparent
chance," should lie placed In the •
with those agreeing to go into caucus.
This change would add one more vote to
the caucus class, making a total of 40.
The placing of the names of Senators
Morehouse and Cutter in the caucus class
will cause a deal of comment. The Call
believes that an error of classification has
bet-n n-.ade in respect to these two B
tors. As far as can be ascertained neither
one has given an expression to indicate a
change of base on the Senatorial question.
Should a caucus of sixty-one be permit
ted to settle the question of Senatorship
by a vote of a majority (31), Burns might
become the caucus nominee, although lie
could not go before the people and carry
a single Assembly district in California.
Should the entire eighty-five elect to go
into caucus the followers of the Mexican
would bo compelled to rally forty-three
votes.
The safe policy for reputable, members
of the Legislature to pursue is to have
nothing whatever to do with caucus
pledges and extra session petitions. When
the Legislature adjourned there was a
great Bigh of relief that the State had
lie. -ii saved from the disgrace of Burns'
election to the United Slates Senate. The
vacancy at this time is an honor to Call- !
fornia. and it Is so highly creditable to the
Republicans of the State that the people
at the next pen^ral election will give the
party that resisted the dictation of the
Southern Pacific a vote of renewed confi
dence.
Should H^rrin and Burns force the Gov
ernor to call an extra session it will th<=>n
be the duty of all good Republicans and i
Democrats to attend and defeat the elec
tion of Burns, even if another deadlock
be the outcome of the second battle in
behalf of the people. No doubt efforts
will be made to induce Democrats to stay
away from Sacramento, so that the num
ber of votes necessary to a choice may be
reduced to the smallest martin under tin
law.
A quorum could be maintained in either
house if all the Democrats absented them
selves. In that case a majority of the
eighty-five remaining Republicans—forty
three members— might elect a Senator. It
was known to The Call last winter that
j two or three Democrats in the Legisla
ture stood ready to vote for Burns in the
event of a Hmall acquisition being only
i;ei es=ary to determine the issue in his
favor. There is no certainty that Burns
would be the nornim f the caucus if
one should be held, but citizens having
regard for the fair name of the E
would feel a sense of danger when they
perceived that the question was tv be de
termined in secret caucus.
There was not the slightest apprehen
sion during the regular session that the
railroad's candidate could win in the open
although Huntington. Herri n and t!.-!r
agents in every county of the State em
ployed their energies and influence to se
cure support for Burns. The hint is now
thrown out that Burns is not tho candi
date of the parties s^e^intr to tiring about
an extra session of the Legislature. Mem
bers are posted in say that the Repub
licans will settle the issue in caucus and
whoever receives the majority vote of all
those attending the caucus will hp d< -
dared the party nominee. The railroad
agents who were employed to canvass the
were careful to avoid the mention
of Burns' name when addressing inquiries
to supporters of Grant, Barnes and Scott.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 4. 1899.
FIRES THREE SHOTS
AT HER TRUANT LOVER
Jealous Rage Causes Florence Wright to
Assault Wil iam Rienes.
SUSPECT! NO
that the man
she loved
was smitten
with the charms
of another, Flor
ence Wright, an
attractive woman
of 20 years, late
yesterday after
non made a bluff
at killing William
Rienes, a carpen
ter, living at 1716
■ Fourteenth ave
nue, Potrero. The
woman is em
ployed as . a do
mestic by Rienes'
father. ,
A short t l m 4
ago she became
infatuated with
young Rienes, and
as he seemed to
reciprocate her
affections it was
understood by the
elite of the Potre
ro that they had
decided to become
man and wife.
Yesterday, how
ever, they had a
mixup, and as a
result it is ex
tremely doubtful
If Rienes will lead
hi s fair-haired
charmer to the
altar. It hap
pened this way:
for a drive, and on their return Ri^nos insisted that
lie was in need of a drink. After alighting: from the cart Rlenes, who prides
himself on being a winner, under ordinary circumstances, instructed his fe
male companion to take the vehicle to his father's house. Florence first ob
iected but under his gentle persuasion she finally consented.
After returning to the stable with the horse Miss Wright became sus
nioi^us and started return to the saloon, where sne had left her lover.
She had armed herself with an old-fashioned four-barreled pistol-"Just to
v "i ' as she put it. On the way she met an acquaintance, who
if rm' her that Rienes was not in the saloon but was then in the act of
maktae violent love to a young woman named Annie Houser, who lives at
14M Railroad avenue. Inflamed by jealousy Miss Wright, after examining
.r revolver to see .nat it was in good shooting order, swore to 'get even
As she reached the house of her rival she saw her lover standing on the
norch calling on Miss Houser to come out. Taking the revolver from her
Docket the^nr^ged woman pointed it at Rlenea and fired two shots. She
'".„ that "he did not intend to shoot him, but this is denied by the police
\vfth q wVl.l 'cream Rienes started to run away when his flight was stopped
by another ..hot that passed over his head. Dropping on his knees he begged
''"'^rH'XLVone'aln'ady.-^'pleaded. "Please don't send me to the
Morgue. Officer Ennis happened to be in the vicinity, and he arrested the
mrnman as "he was about to further scare her truant lover. After being
wClliDln'the City Prison the woman declared that she did not intend to
kill Rienes but firedat him in order to prevent him from speaking to her
rival in the future. A charge of an assault with a. deadly weapon was re
corded against the woman.
They were instructed to sound the legis
lators on the subject of caucus to ascer
tain if sixty-one would consent to abide
by the decision of the caucus. .
The interior newspapers of California
do not hesitate to apeak their sentiments
freely on the subject of extra session.
The Livermore Herald comments.
It Menu that after all the vnteFtat\oM to
the contrary. Governor Gage Is »hortl> *™ c
a call for an extra session of the legislature.
Tv,» nrpssure must have been something ter
rific as H is hard to realize that the Governor
wSuld willingly consign Ms party to a defeat
for which he must ultimately receive the
Wnm« Every time an extra session has heen
The San Benito Advance predicts that
defeat of the Republican party will fo -low
the calling of an extra session. It sa>s.
The people of the State and^ey^n^
nnrlal to extra sessions, and they will Vlgor
turn"n, the administration that sane
," The State Is not suffering for lack
of "senatorial representation, but It wouldi-ore
y suffer f the choice collection of boodlers
that blossomed at Sacramento a few month*
ago were again called together.
The Fresno Republican speaks to the
point in this style:
The politicians who are laying the wires for
an extra session and for a caucus which .shall
Injure the election of Burns to the Senate
predicate all their efforts upon the alleged
Krty obligations of Republican legislators to
Facriflcp everything else to the election of a
Republican Senator. But. entirely aside from
the fact that the obligations of a P ubllc °""
elal are to the State, instead of to the party,
and that there can he no obligation to the State
of California to impose a Senator like Burns
on it it is quite certain that his election would
be a 'partisan as well as a public calamity Ihe
i Republican party of California Is not In favor
of Burns.
The Tulare Register observes that there
may be nothing in the report of an extra
session but it is a possibility all the time.
If it comes there will be crape on the
door of many a politician and "leader in
The San Diego Tribune says: "Should
the party Beat Burns it would deserve to
be rebuked by all Republicans who have
a spark of true public spirit in their
S °Sp«'aking of the possible, election of
Burns, the San Diego Union remarks.
"Of one thins members of the Legisla
ture may be certain. If the plot to elect
this political outcast should succeed the
people will never forgive the treachery
that alone can make such an infamy pos
sible "
The Cordelia X-Ray expresses the hope
that the blundering Gage will do one sen
sible act by refusing to call the hungry
politicians together. v . .«, *
The Tulare Register is convinced that
Burns will, not go before the people with
any claim whatever. This is not his way
° The Visalia Times declares that an ex
tra session would be an outrage on the
taxpayers of the State.
The Pasadena News remarks that an
extra session would be unfortunate for
the R< publii an party. "The result of
The llollist.-r Bee says: "The result of
an extra session will be to consign the
Governor and the legislators who sign
the call for a caucus to political ob
livion."
The Los Angeles Times says:
Members or the. State Senate and House may
sign an agreement to so Into caucus In the in
tPre «t of Dan Burns In case of an extra ses
sion" Bui no member of either house who votes
for ' Dan Burns will have a chance to
vote In the Legislature acaln, after his
present terms expires the people will nail aim
to ■ ... cross.
The Humboldt Standard remarks:
An extra session may open the floodgates of
extravagance and squander some thousands of
the people's money. The promise of 61 mem
bers of the Legislature to go into caucus on the
Senator-hip does not pledue those votes to
Burns, however, and a special session may be
convened only to repeat the deadlock which
lasted throughout the entire regular session.
This would be disastrous to the State and not
less so to the Republican jiarty.
The Stockton Mail, a paper controlled
by E. L. Colnon, whose unsavory record
as president of the State Board of Har
bor Commissioners will linger long in the
memory of taxpayers, favors the extra
session and hopes that Burns will be
elected. Colnon as private secretary of
Governor Budd gained notoriety by ad
vising a citizen to "dig up" substantial
reasons why a pardon should be granted
to a certain convict in the State's prison.
Mission Boys Banqueted
The br.ys from the Mission who be
longed to the First California, were ten
dered a banquet and reception by their
friends at Tunnicliff's Hall, 3293 Mission
street, lr.st Saturday evening. A musical
and variety programme was rendered and
then the guests partook heartily of many
good things. Toasts were responded to
by Captain William Robinson, H. L.
Kuhl .1 Reynolds, Thomas Murphy, "W.
Graham John White. 11. McGrath. Mich
• <■! Dolan, II- Gulnnano, George McDon
i aid. About fifty members of the regiment
participated in the affair.
Wagner as an Ocultist.
A very interesting lecture was given by
H. Magnan • Sunday evening before
Universal Brotherhood Lodge No. 7, 819
Market street. In brief, the speaker said
that Aeschylus of the- Greeks, Shakes
peare of tUo Anglo-Saxons and Richard
"Wagner of the Germans, were three of
| the greatest reformers in the realm of
art, politics and religion. If the same
I identical soul did not dwell in and use
these three named bodies, they at least
j belonged to that great and mystic broth-
I erhood from which has come all the
I world's great saviors.
■ » ■ ■
Christianity Everywhere.
The Rev. J. "W. Hamilton, founder and
for nine years pastor of the People's
Church, Boston, now the corresponding
secretary of the Freedmen's Aid and
Southern Education societies, spoke at
the Central M. E. Church last evening on
the "Achievements of the Closing Cen-
OFFICERS IN CHARGE OF LABOR DAY CELEBRATION.
tury." He snid this was the first Chris
tian century since .Jesus died. That ( hris
tianity was .very where. It was in tho
ground and could not be buried; in the
! water and could not he drowned; in the
fire and cannot be burned, and in the air
and must be breathed.
PAINTERS' NEW SCHEDULE
Large Number of Shops Have
Agreed to Put It in Force
To- Morrow.
A week ago the Painters 1 and Decorat
ors' Union, No. 73, formulated and adopt
ed a schedule of $3 per day of eight
hours, to go into effect on September 5.
This was presented to the Building: Trades
Council and approved and indorsed, and
a special business agent, O. H. Stocks,
was appointed to visit the master painters
of the city and request their concession to
the schedule, A circular letter had first
been forwarded to them, setting forth the
reasons for and the Justice of the de
mand.' ' ■ • . , .. . . .
The business agent has reported that he
has been remarkably successful, not only
receiving favorable assent but also the
good wishes for success from the follow
ing reputable firms of San Francisco:
.T. H. Keefe, Kern & Erbach. J. P. Fraser, E.
D. Williams, G. W. . Clark, Wagner Bros
Thomas Dotting, Hopps & Sons. Bradley &
Rons. W. Eaton, F. Sehaerter, Gercke & Web
ber, G. .1. Smith & Sons, J. B. Griffiths, T.
11. M. Kelly, J. P. McMann, W. B. Lpham,
G. B. Peterson, M. Stein, E. Peering. R. J.
Getz. Coulan & Shtpman J. Sullivan, G^ Dan
iels, L. J. Dwyer, H. 2. Hanneman, G. Me-
Cahon. G.Postler, J. J. C'ooney W H. Fagan,
H. Gottunp. B. J. Brandt, -Charles Sheehan. R.
Lemon & Sons. . "
The Building Trades Council has ex
tended to the firms named its sincere
thanks, and it has expressed the hope that
their example will be speedily followed by
other employers, particularly one or two
bosses who feel that a hardship has been
worked on them by so-called previous
contracts. The Building Trades < ounoil
has considered this matter thoroughly
and finds thai it is within the bounds of
right and justice that all should be dealt
with alike. The men are therefore in
structed to report for work at the above
mentioned shops at their usual time Tues
day morning.
Preached on ''Dogmas."
Rev. E. Nelander of the First English
Lutheran Church delivered last night a
sermon on "Dogmas." In part he said: ,
The word "dogma" has been used for
frightening timid people. In fact a dogma
Is nothing more nor less than a formulated
truth bearing the marks of long trial and
venerable authority. Charcoal and diamonds
are both essentially the same— both carbon;
charcoal was . made but yesterday, while
diamonds have been under pressure for
ages. Current opinions »i» loose charcoal;
. a dogma, Is a solltalr*
TO BE A DAY
OF DAYS FOR
UNION LABOR
Great Celebration at
Glen Park.
AN ELABORATE PROGRAMME
ANNUAL HOLIDAY OF THE
ORGANIZED WORKMEN.
Exercises, Games, Dancing, Music
and a Parade of Unions With.
Their Colors and Color
Guards.
Elaborate arrangements have been
made for the proper celebration of Labor
day, and this morning all- true union men
will turn their faces toward Glen Park
and join the crowd that will surely be
there.
The active portion of the celebration
will begin at 1 o'clock, at which time
there will be a review of the unions of the
city and of the State; at 2 there will be
literary exercises; at 3 there will be an
entertainment to last until half past 3;
tht n the games will commence. At 5 the
prises will be announced and awarded.
The review of unions will be a novelty.
A silver cup, donated by Mayor Phelan,
will be awarded to the union making the
best display, marching with its colors.
The colors of a union consist of the na
tional flag and the union banner bearing
upon it the name of the union, the date
of its charter and other kindred informa
tion. The color guard consists of not less
than twenty-four members of the union,
and may run up to the full membership.
These colors and color guards will be
paraded at the celebration at Glen Park
at 1 o'clock. The union winning the cup
will be allowed to hold it for a year, and
it will finally go to the union winning it
on three consecutive Labor days. Much
interest is being shown in the event.
The literary exercises will include an
opening address by the president of the
day, P. H. McCarthy, president of the
Federated Trades. Following him will
be an address by P. M. Weliin and an ad
dress by A. R. Andre, besides several
selections by fhe band. The entertain
ment will include a song by Maude Mul
lery; some Irish witticisms by Ed Carter;
some tricks of legerdemain by Bob Lee,
and a song by R. S. Duncan.
! The games are to be one of the most in
teresting features of the afternoon. There
are all kinds of races, and races scheduled
for all kinds of people. Age or weight will
be no bar, nor will sex or social condition.
There will be races for girls and for boys;
for young women and young men; for
married women and married men; for fat
WO*men and fat men. Then there will he
three-legged races, egg races and bicycle
races. There will be an amateur race for
the Labor day medal, a cross-country bi
cycle race for the Glen Park cup. a fine
piece of crystal offered by the park; a
hose coupling contest by members of the
Fire Department, a tug-of-war between
members of the different unions and a
cakewalk.
When the races have been run the ath
letes will give way to the dancers, and
until every one has had enough Professor
McCarthy will keep his pipes going for
the exponents of the jig and reel. The
dancers will not have to dance, for the fun
of it. for there will be several good prizes
for the most proficient. A cross-country
run for the whole crowd, with a $15 prize
for the ono coming in first, will wind up
the outdoor sports.
The prizes for the field contests include
everything, from a box of c:imly or a bot
tle of "pood stuff'" to medals and cups.
No money will be awarded in any of the
contests except the hose coupling match,
for the sports will ho strictly amateur all
through.
The day will be observed by the city as
a legal holiday. The schools, the omVes
of the city government, the banks and
many of the business houses will be
closed, besides every place where union
labor is employed. It is the intention to
make this celebration a more extensive
one than any that has been attempted.
The committees in charge of the exer
cises are as follows:
Committee of nrranKPments— r. H. McCarthy,
chairman; Ed Rnsonbers. secret ary; Ernpt Kuc
nlg treasurer: (I. P. ChildPrs, Alpxandpr Dt-
Jraii P. Hantinn, W. Ryan. John P. Horgan,
P J. Pietz. K. .T. Brandon. W. MacArtlnir, C.
W. Oaks, P. Poßßott, Fred Westcott, W. 11.
Goff, M. Monahon.
Floor enmmittee— G. W. Oaks, floor manager;
James Klllepn, assistant floor manager; Bert
Carroll, Thomas Hnllaran, Willtarn Farwell, G.
Selo. Otto Bctraltz, James Masley, 'William
Bartram. John Nugent. William H. Clement, O.
P. Chlldprs, William Ryan.
Reception committee— Presidents of affiliated
unions.
Oamcs committee— Fred Westcott, chairman;
P J. Dietj;, J. P. Campbell. James H. Connlff,
W. Hutchison, William Burke.
Finance and gat" committee — W. Mac Arthur
chairman; Alexander Pljeau, Ernst Koenlg, p]
Hannon, John P. Horgan, E. J. Brandon," D.
Doggett.
LABOR WAS IGNORED.
Opinion of the Building Trades
Council Over the Governor's
Last Appointment.
The Building Trades Council has jn\noci
the long list of those who have no love
to spare for the Governor of this State
The council la outspoken over the way iii
which organized labor has been ignored in
the selection of a man for the position ot
Labor Commissioner, and it has outlined
for itself a policy of retaliation that may
bear fruit for the Governor, should he
again attempt to spread his political
wings and soar high over his own head
The ideas of the council are expressed in
the following preamble and resolutions:
Whereas, Governor Gage on August 2* an
pointed F. V. Meyers to the office of Labor
CommfsHloner and In so doing violated his
voluntary ante-election pledge that this Im
portant department should be committed to
the care of a representative of labor- and
Whereas, Organized labor, relying upon
the expressed Intention of the Executive
unanimously selected its candidate for the
position, taking into consideration i a it»
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"IpeciaTofferinT
. . . OF 1 . . .
Black Serges and Cheviots!
Commencing Mondau, September 4th, we
will Dlace on sale Ten Cases IMPORTED
BLACK CHEVIOTS AND SERGES, suitable for
TAILOR-MADE SUITS,
The width of these goods are 50, 52, 54,
56 and 58 inches, and the prices are 65c,
75c, $1.00, $1.25, $1.50, $1.75, $2.00,
$2.25 and $2.50 per yard,
SPECIAL.
20 pieces 50-incH ENGLISH SERGE, fine twill and
Jet hlack 65c yard
SPECIAL.
One case BLACK ENGLISH DIAGONAL SERGE, 47
inches wide 75c yard
SPECIAL.
20 pieces 52-inch IRON FRAME SERGE, fast Mack
75c yard
SPECIAL.
One case ENGLISH DIAGONAL CHEVIOT, Wldß
wale, full 50 inches wide $1.00 yard
SPECIAL.
25 pieces 50-inch ENGLISH CAMELS-HAIR CHE-
VIOT, specially adapted for tailor-made suits. . . .
$1.00 yard
We have also opened this week 5 casee new BLACK
ENGLISH MOHAIR CREPONS, new designs, price $1.50,
$1.75 and $2.00 per yard.
HI, ||3. 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
selection the preat Importance which this
said department bears to labor and the ben
efits to be derived by its proper administra
tion; and , ,
Whereas The Executive has named for
the position F. V. Mayers who is not a rep
resentative of organized labor, although he
may be a member of the non-affiliatine
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, an
organization exclusive in character, which
has proven its disloyalty to the cause of
labor In its attitude toward Its associates
during the difficulties which arose In lv>4
between the American Railway Union and
the Pullman Palace Car Company; and
Whereas. The intimate relations which
have heretofore existed between the said
F V Meyers and the Southern Pacific Com
nany' sutrpept that that corporation will now
become the dominant spirit in the conduct
Of the affairs of the Labor Commission, a
department which exercises inquisitorial
powers over all Industries in our State
where lnbor Is a 'actor; and
Whereas. The object of the law creating
the department was the improvement of the
conditions affecting the laboring classes. It
U apparent that this object must suffer de
feat by the passing of this department into
the hands of capital and monopoly, to say
naught of any hidden design affecting the
mercantile shipping and manufacturing In
terests which this appointment may under
lie; therefore he it
Resolved, That it la apparent to us that
Commissioner Meyers, through his affilia
tion with the Southern Pacific Company, has
been elevated to this position for a purpose
directly in conflict with the industrial and
laboring interests of our State;
Resolved That we denounce the action of
Governor Gage as one of extreme unfriendli
ness to organized lnbor by depriving us of
the only Important State department In
which we are materially interested, and the
one to which we believe we are entitled;
Resolved. That It is the sense of organized
labor that this deprivation and insult be re
dressed in a becoming manner when the oc
casion presents itself, and that we bind our
selves to firmly oppose any future political
ambition on the part of the said Governor
the' building trapes council of
san francisco.
A negro community in Alabama, con
taining 400 negroes and but two white per
sons, is about to be incorporated. The ne
groes propose to have a strict negro town
and negro government. All the officials
will be negroes.
ONE WEEK Eg SI
FREE §
; Treatment and Medicine 3?^. §
Catarrh Deafness, t|iP
NOISES IN THE EARS Sg/ii
AND THROAT DISEASES »jß»>~>j3|
given to show the- superior «J**/ rwL •
merit of my new Invention JjSjjy ' JB9&L.*
and ANTISEPTIC treatment: S?7 JHsV
that gives many marvelous st RSSSjji
cures and so easy a child aV^Ja^M'
«an use It. In 1300 test cases 3 t^^^»J<.
all CATARRHAL patients re- |k JgifflßsT^
lleved and 60 per cent Deaf- Swks&ftgig'S^'
ness cured. Best of references Bnffi I'fl'iW Tl ifii'
and hundreds of endorsements. But the best Is
to try It and be convinced while you can.
FREE FOR ONE WEEK.
Call at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
032 Market St., opp. Pal&oi Hotel.
Hours— f-11 A. Mm X-t and 7-» T. It.
It's
Good Tea
YOU'LL SAY SO
AFTER
TRYING IT.
Great AmericanliaDortina;Tea Go
Big Presents Free
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORES.
OOLOBERG
BOWEM
GO
Queen Bee and Pyramid are two
popular brands of Ceylon tea. New
shipment just in
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter— choicest table 45c
reg'ly 55c square
Tea— 3 flavors— reg'ly 60c lb 50c
Mandarin Nectar— Bee brand
Ceylon— Phoenix Chop Oolong
HamS— Armour's Star 15^C
The Star brand is not excelled
for delicacy of flavor— reg'ly 16$ lb
Mustard— . 2Cc
Finest— French— reg'ly 25c
several herb flavors
French claret— <fc Co quart 50c
v Yin de Paysan3 case $6
reg'ly 65c— $7 case
Bouillon— capsules tin of 12 25c
Condensed extract of beef
Raffavf's— 35c tin
Lard— Seafoam 50c
Rendered from the pure leaf
reg'ly 60c 5 lb pail
Broom— parlor size 35c
Made from selected hand picked corn
If you need a good broom buy now
Dust beater— Planet 35c
Made of round strands of solid
belting leather— for carpets —
rugs and furniture — reg'ly 50c
Cocktail*— Earhr and Often 75c
Six kinds-used in the clubs
of New York London San Francisco
reg'ly $1 bottle
Dentifrice— Pinavd small 35C
Dilute 6 drops in half glass water
reg'ly 40c and 75c bottle
medium 65c
Toilet pipeT-Belvedere $1 10
1000 sheets— superior quality
reg'ly $150 dozen
Wheatena— Health Food Co's 30c
The most wholesome of
breakfast cereals
Holland herring-H vu e s 7f n hi P ment
Our big illustrated catalogue for "
September is now ready
4»2 Pine 215 Sutter 2800 California San Francises
w7SCIay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
IifCHGOCK SCHOOL
(LATE SELBORNE),
S-AJST RAFAEL.
This school will reopen on August 29. with
handsome new buildings, heated by steam and
lighted by electricity. Every pupil has sepa-
rate room choice of bedrooms on first and sec-
ond floors. Steam from outside, no furnace, no
atov«s Tno flues In boys' quarters. The nearest
approach to a fireproof school. Arrangement*
haTe been made for boarding pupils and carry-
lnV on the school in the Hotel Rafael until th«
buddings are completed. For catalogues, testi-
monials and references apply to the principal.
REV CHARLES HITCHCOCK. Sa^ Rafael.
IA/. T. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckelß Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell,
_ San Francisco. _.