VOLUME EXXXVI-NO. 133.
KRUGER MAKES DEMANDS WHICH
GREAT BRITAIN WILL REJECT
Ultimatum From the Transvaal
That English Troops Be With
drawn Only Hastens the Be
ginning of Vv^ar.
J LONDON, Oct. ll.— The Daily Mail's Cape I
J Town correspondent, telegraphing Tuesday, ♦
J says a shjort and very dignified reply has 1
X been communicated to Conyoghan) Greerje, X
<► trje British diplomatic agent at Pretoria, by j
t Sir Alfred Milner, British High Commis- %
+ sicQer in South; Africa, to be rjanded to the t
* Boer Government on Wednesday. *
T ON DON Oct. ii.— lt can
/ __ not be doubted that Eng
land's reply ziill be a flat
rejection of President Kruger's de
mands and that a quarter after J
o'clock this afternoon, English time,
an actual state of war will exist.
Fridays Cabinet council wutl
have to deal with tne military situa- j
tion and Parliament will have little I
-
sary credits.
Speculation as io the outcome of\
the crisis has now riven way in the \
_> w
newspapers to c discussion of mill- j
tary and strategical matters. The\
ultimatum was received in Sir Al-\
fred Milners English translation i
at I o clock Tuesday morning. Str]
Alfred had already notified Sir]
George White, so no time was lost-,
in taking the necessary steps.
As the British troops continue'
landing in South Africa and ad-.
vancir.g io the front ii is quite pos-\
sible, according to the terms of the
Boer, ultimatum, that hostilities have
already commenced, as Kruger, has
everything io gain by an instant ad-\
vance. Until the arrival of the]
army corps it is probable that thel
British will everywhere remain on
tlie defensive.
I
speculate at the present stage, but
sharp fighting is likely to occur at
Mafeking. where Colonel Baden-
Powell is pluckily holding his ex
posed position. As the generals have
decided not to attempt to hold the
country north of Dundee the Boers
will doubtless occupy Laings Nek
and advance alone the railway to
_»
ward Glencoe and Dundee. These
places, however, are considered
quite safe against Boer attack.
The Daily Chronicle this morn
ing editorially "-'"_. is compelled
to admit that the Boer ultimatum,
unhappily worded as ii is, makes
zvar unavoidable.
Editorial articles in other papers
generally express pity for President
Kruger's precipitancy, which places
F. W. REITZ, the State Secretary of the Transvaal.
The San Francisco Call.
(he Transvaal technically in the
wrong.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. io. — A
dispatch from Pretoria io a Cape
Town newspaper says that Com
mandant Joubert has issued a no-
tice to the troops in the different
laagers to hold themselves in readi-
ness for an immediate advance.
Tlie I ransvaal, the dispatch also
says, hopes to arrange to send the
European mail by way of Dclagoa
i
BRITONS THINK BOERS
HAVE MADE A MISTAKE
LONDON, Oct. 10.— The ultimatum of
the Transvaal Government ls naturally
the absorbing topic of conversation at
the clubs and in political circles to
night, and the late editions of the
afternoon papers, containing the text
of the ultimatum, met with a good
sale in the central parts of London,
the newsboys doing a thriving trade on
the closing of the theaters. There was
no apparent excitement, however, but a
general feeling was expressed that the
Boers had made a mistake, as their forc
ing .- ten would tend to alienate the
sympathy which might have be»_ ex
tended to them had they thrown the
stigma of declaring war on Great Britain.
The text of the Boers' ultimatum on
arriving this morning was sent with all
speed to Lord Salisbury, who came to
lowa this evening, and a dispatch hex
was sent to the Prince of Wales, which
is only done In cases of special urgency.
The Portuguese Minister to Great
Britain. Senor Several, called at the For
eign OtSce this afternoon and had an in
terview with Lord Salisbury, and his visit
Is naturally connected in the public mind
with the alleged purchase by Great
Britain of Delagoa Bay. .'- dispatch tend
ing to confirm the report of this purchase
comes from Lourenzo Marques. It states
that the British third-class cruiser
Philomel is anchored fifteen miles off the
port and is supposed to be waiting the
arrival of transports and warships to
pilot them into the harbor. It is quite
certain, however, that the transports
would not go to Lourenzo Marques unless
the British were about to fly their Mag
over port.
The Cabinet has been summoned to
meet at the Foreign Office on Friday next.
War preparations by Great Britain are
being pushed with the greatest energy.
The Woolwich arsenal has already for
warded to South Africa over three million
cartridges for rides and machine guns
and the reservists continue to respond
eagerly to the mobilization proclamation.
Dr. Gavin Brown Clark, Radical mem
ber of the House of Commons for Caith
ness, who all along has worked hard for
peace, has just received a characteristic
letter of thanks from Commandant Gen
eral Joubert. in which General Joubert
declares that Cecil Rhodes. Dr. Jameson
and Mr. Chamberlain are responsible for
the mischief. He says:
"The Johannesburg clique say that Mr.
Chamberlain regards the existence of the
Orange Free State and the Transvaal as
two blots, which, as Cecil Rhodes has
said, must be wiped out from the map.
He seems desirous to do this with the
blood of the Afrikander people and of
poor British soldiers. We do not desire
war. We know we are not a mat: for
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1899.
TROOP OF~BOERS STARTING FROM SANDSPRIT FOR FRONT. f
the powerful armies of Gre-at Britain and
her willing colonies. We never have, been
able to do anything against England's
might.
'Mr. Chamberlain is try -- to drive ns
Into the Red Sea. but I still hope God
will speak to the kind heart, of her
Majesty, the Queen, and that of her noble
people, and that they will not allow this
wicked Haman to cool his hatred against
our Mordecai. We are convinced that
Chamberlain will try* to conquer our
country and we shall ■-- to prevent him.
by the" help of God, to the last drop of
our blood."
JOUBERT IS READY
TO DIE FIGHTING
LONDON. Oct. 11.— News from the scene
of war is still scanty. Dispatches filed on
Monday are only just arriving. Com
mandant General Joubert .3 credited with
declaring that he would die fighting, but
that the Boer forces are Inferior to the
British and that nothing would save the
country after the first shot was fired.
President Steyn of the Orange Free
State Is going to visit the western border
in order to reassure and stimulate the
burghers there.
-Rumors are rent at Dor that the
Boers have begun shooting the Ives at
the mines and that ma: bodies have
been seen lying on the veldt.
A mysterious distribution of Mausers is
occurring at Steynsburgh and other
Dutch districts in the Cape Colony. A
meeting of Dutch residents has been held
at Sterkstrom. at which it was resolved
to ask the Cape Government for arms,
and in the event of refusal to apply to
the Free State.
Two scouts from Lobatsi rode fifteen,
miles Into Transvaal territory on Sunday
last and found the Boers forming a camp
near the Toll River. The scouts were ob
served by the Boers, who gave chase and
pursued them for two miles.
TOMMY ATKINS IS
VERY ENTHUSIASTIC
LONDON, Oct. 10.— stolidity. If not
the placidity, of the English character
never was better shown than it Is in Lon
don to-night, when England Is face to
face with war.
Although it was only half-past 5 o'clock
when Mr. Chamberlain's secretary gave
out the first copy of the Transvaal ulti
matum, an hour later every evening paper
had the news. There was not a trace of
the excitement attendant upon the an-
nouncement of the result on the night
after the first race for the America's cup.
It is a fact that the enthusiasm In Lon
don signally fails to compare with that
. FOR THE PROTECTION !
I OF AMERICAN AND |
♦ rm
! BRITISH INTERESTS I
25 SS
1 ' >
* CALLL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON". Oct. 10.— In the event of war. which officials Z,
V here regard as practically certain, as a result of the Boer ultimatum, orders will be immediately cabled to the cruiser J
gg Montgomery. directing her to proceed to Delagoa Bay and co-operate with the American Consul at Pretoria In the pr - _•
♦ tectlon of American Interests. ' - : v;;< ♦
*•" Rear Admiral Schley Informed Acting Secretary Allen to-day of hla .willingness to assume command of the South 8?
*. Atlantic squadron whenever the department desired, and was Informed that the cruiser Chicago would be ready for sea - #
* on October 25. She will proceed immediately to Delagoa Bay, and Commander Merrill, commanding the Montgomery." *-?
ji will make his report to the squadron commander. The authorities appreciate that It will be impossible to send sailors eg
# " and marinea into the Transvaal, but they are confident that the moral effect of the presence of men-of-war will result *
_• in satisfactory treatment .being accorded American citizens, or at least the demands of the American Consul in their g§
*•■ behalf. The most embarrassing and difficult work which Consul" Macrum will have to perform will be In connection ♦
•? with the protection' of British subjects and their interests in the African republic. •*
* Mr. Tower, British Charge d'Aff aires, was again at the State Department to-day. and he has no doubt as a re- *
|5 suit of. his call of the intention of this Government to return the courtesy extended by " Great Britain to "American
gf citizens during the war with Spain by the American' protection of British- Interests. _- i^;\ '• . ..-;-,.' gg
i „+_♦_♦...-♦
which was shown i nthe smallest Ameri
can city upon the nr-**.:hcfi .nent of th* war
with Spain. Bot this must cot be inter
preted to mean that England is not alive
to the realities of the situation. The au
dacity of the Transvaal's dispatch mo
mentarily stunned the public, and it was
only when under the glare of the music
hall lights and listening to the stirring
bars or the national anthem and other pa
triotic airs that the effect of the mo
mentary rebuff was lost in demonstrations
that shook the rafters. At the ; mbra
General Sir Redvers Bull er was preaent.
The first bars of "Rule Britannia" brought
the entire audience to its feet and for a
quarter of an hour the house resounded
with the choruses of national airs and
with cheers.
The Army and Navy Club, familiarly
known as the "Rag has not -.- many a
day seen such a gathering of campaigners
as wa-s there to-night. Nor was the
slowly aroused entnuslasm confined to
the officers. At Wellington Barracks,
where a battalion of Grenadiers which
forms a portion of the First Army Corps
had just returned from sixteen months'
service on the Rock of Gibraltar, the en
thusiasm knew no bounds. Seldom does
Tommy Atkins permit himself the luxury
of enthusiasm, but the regiment has had
a long spell of dreary garrison duty and
hailed the call to active service with
schoolboy delight.
Underneath all. however, officers, sub
alt-*rns and civilians recognize the fact
that the Transvaal campaign will not be
a picnic, and the sober reality of this
gives a stem- note to London life to
night than anything that has occurred
since the days of Gordon and Khar
toum.
The first Minister to speak publicly re
garding the ultimatum was Lord James
of Hereford, Chancellor of the Duchy of
Lancaster, who, speaking at Aberdeen to
night said:
"The Government has done everything
in its power to preserve peace. Appar
ently, however, diplomacy is ended and
the hopes of peace are virtually destroyed,
and that not by the action of the Queen's
Government, but by the Transvaal Gov
ernment. President Kruger has sent an
ultimatum. If we were to withdraw our
troops at his bidding we should suffer the
greatest humiliation, an.i the Govern
ment would deserve to be hunted from
office as craven cowards."
Lord James said he had Intended, before
receiving the news of the ultimatum, to
take a different view of the position, but
row nothing remains but to commend our
cause to the God of battle and arms and
to Implore his blessing upon the engage
ment about to be entered upon.
Lord James, whose remarks were greet
ed with loud and prolonged cheers, con
cluded by expressing hope that the. war
would be short and humanely conducted,
and when It was terminated counsels of
moderation would prevail as to the way
In which the enemy should be dealt with.
STRINGENT DEMANDS
MADE BY GREAT BRITAIN
LONDON. Oct. 10.— Westminster
Gazette says: "We learn from a trust
| worthy . source that 'he British Govern
i ment has al«*Tdt?patched a, note- containing
i strinrent demands, which mo^t have
\ crossed the Boer ultimatum. Diplomacy
has thus said its last word, and the last
word on each side is of the kind to which
the other is not in the least likely to
| yield."
A dispatch from Durban, Natal, says:
"The Gordon Highlanders and all the
troops that arrived from India to-day
have been ordered to Ladysmlth."
The coal that was seized by the Orange
Free State authorities baa been released.
the officials explaining that it was seized
because they thought the Transvaal mines
were likely to close. .
A special dispatch from Bloemfontein,
the capital of the Orange Free State, notes
the difficulties in . working the railroads,
owing to the resignations of the employes.
The Orange Free State authorities are
already borrowing engineers from the
Transvaal.
The action of the British third-class
cruiser Philomel in intercepting the Brit
ish steamer Guelph. from Southampton,
' supposed to be carrying ammunition to
i the Boers, and the fact that the Philomel
i sailed to-day to intercept the German
liner Kansler, with ammunition, go to
: show that Great Britain will not permit
future deliveries of ammunition to the
Boers if it can be prevented.
DEFIANT TONE OF
THE BRITISH PRESS
LONDON, Oct. li.— The Standard says:
"The Transvaal's worst enemies could
I hardly have supposed that its arrogance
would lead it to such in extravagance.
The note is written in a style which would
i be offensive- If it came from a first rate
power, and is inconceivably ridiculous as
emanating from a trumpery little State
: which exists only by Great Britain's for
! bearance."
The Daily Mail says: "The Boers have
doffed the mask and declared war, which
their deluded supporters in England had
considered so impossible. Doubtless at
first we may suffer, but we suffered be
fore, and In the end the Boers and their
supporters will receive the punishment
which their insane attempt to perpetuate
yon an almost barbaric system their gov
ernment in the nineteenth century most
thoroughly deserves."
. The Daily . News, admitting that if de
termined on war Kruger Is -justified in
striking while he has a chance of some
Isolated successes, says: "The Boers' best
friends will deplore that they have put
themselves in the wrong."
The Dally Telegraph says: "President
Kruger has slammed the door in the face
of Great Britain with all the -violence of
infuriated folly. He appears to have cele
brated his brithday in a manner which
ULTIMATUM PRESENTED TO
GREAT BRITAIN.
CAPE TOWN". Oct. It.— The Transvaal Government ha? sent an ultimatum to
Great Britain.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— The diplomatic circumstances surrounding, the pre
sentation of the Transvaal republic's ultimatum are probably without pre
cedent. Ordinarily a foreign power when addressing peremptory demands
to another sends them through an embassador or minister accredited to
Its adversary. The Transvaal Government, however, has no diplomatic repre
sentative recognized by Great Britain. Montague White, the Transvaal Consul
General In London, would not be received by either the Foreign Office or the
Colonial Office. Consequently, President Kruger was reduced to handing the
ultimatum to Conyngham Greene at Pretoria, who In turn wired it to Sir Alfred
Milner, British High Commissioner in South Africa, by whom it was retrans
mitted to Mr. Chamberlain, who thus becomes' the first Secretary- of State for the
Colonies to receive an ultimatum. As soon as the communication was trans
lated from the cipher in which it was transmitted, Mr. Chamberlain forwarded it
to the Foreign Office. The ultimatum is as follows:
"Sir: The Government of the South African republic feels itself compelled
to refer the Government of her Majesty, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland,
once more to the convention of London of IS-S4, concluded between this re
public and the United Kingdom, and which in article XIV secures certain speci
fled rights to the white population of this republic, namely, that all other per
sons than natives on conforming themselves to the laws of the South African
Republic:
1. Will have full liberty, with their families, to enter, travel or reside in any
part of the South African Republic.
2. They will be entitled to hire or possess houses, manufactories, warehouses,
shops and other premises.
3. They can carry on their commerce either in person or by any agrents
whom they may think fit to employ.
4. They shall not be subject, In respect of their premises or property or
in respect of their commerce and industry, to any taxes other than those which
are or may be imposed upon the citizens of said republic.
"This Government wishes further to observe that the only rights which her Ma
jesty's Government has reserved in the above convention are with regard to
the Outlander population of this republic, and that a violation only of those
rights could give that Government a right to diplomatic representations or in
tervention; while, moreover, the regulation of all other questions affecting the
position of the rights of the Outlander population under the above mentioned
convention is band over to the Government and representatives of the peo
ple of the South African Republic.
"Among the questions the regulation of which falls exclusively within the
competence of this Government and of the ". --.ad are included those of
the franchise and the representation of the people in this republic, and although
this exclusive right of this Government and of the Volksraad for the regula
tion' of the franchise and the representation of the people is indisputable, yet
this Government has found occasion to discuss, in friendly fashion, the fran
chise and representation of the people with her Majesty's Government, with
out, however, recognizing any right thereto on the part of her Majesty's Gov
ernment.
"This Government has also by the formulation of now existing franchise
law and by reason, with regard to the representations, constantly held these
friendly ... before its eyes. On the part of her Majesty's Government,
however, the friendly nature of these discussions have assumed more and more
a threatening tone, and the minds of the people of this republic and the whole
of South Africa have been excited and a condition of extreme ten-don has been
created owing to the fact that her Majesty's Government could no longer agree
to the question respecting the franchise and the resolution respecting the repre
sentation in this respect; and finally by your note of September 25, 1599. which
broke off all friendly correspondence on the subject and intimated that her Ma
jesty's Government must now proceed to formulate their own proposals for the
final settlement. r . - v
"This Government can only see in the above Intimation from her Majesty's
Government a new violation of the convention of London, in ISS4, which does not
reserve to her Majesty's Government the right to a unilateral settlement of a
question which is exclusively a domes' one for this Government and which has
already been regulated by this Government.
"On account of the strained situation and the consequent serious loss in and
Interruption of the trade in general, which the correspondence respecting fran
chise and the representation of the people of the republic has carried in its
train, her Majesty's Government had recently pressed for an early settlement and
final -pressed, ty your intervention, for an answer within forty- i hours, a
demand subsequently somewhat modified, to your note of September 12, replied
to by the note of this Government of September 15. and to your note of Sep
tember 273. ISS3, and thereafter further friend!:- negotiations were broken off, this
Government receiving an intimation that a proposal for final settlement would
shortly be made.
"Although this premise was once more reported, the proposal up to mho has
not reached this eminent. Even while this friendly correspondence was Suit
going on the Increase of troops on a large scale was introduced by her Majesty's
Government, the troops being stationed in the neighborhood of the borders of me
republic
"Having referred to recurrences In the history of this republic, which It Is un
necessary here to call to mind, this republic felt obliged to regard this military
force In the neighborhood of its borders as a threat against the independence
of the South African republic, hence it was aware of no circumstances which
would justify the presence of such a military force in South Africa, and :..e
neighborhood of its borders.
"In answer to an inquiry with respect thereto, an address to his Excellency,
the High Commissioner, this Government received -to its great astonishment in
answer a veiled Insinuation that, from the side of the republic, an attack was
being made on her Majesty's Colonies, and at the same time a mysterious ref
erence to possibilities, whereby this Government was strengthened in Its sus
picion that the independence of this republic was being threatened. As a de
fensive measure this Government was, therefore, obliged to send a portion of the
burghers of this republic in order to offer requisite resistance to impossibilities.
"Her Majesty's unlawful intervention In the internal affairs of this republic,
in conflict with the London convention of ISS-t. by the extraordinary strength
ening of her troops In the neighborhood of the borders of this republic has
caused an intolerable condition of things to arise, which this Government feels
itself obliged, in the interest not only of this republic but also of all South
Africa, to make an end of as soon as possible, and this Government feels itself
called upon and obliged to press earnestly and with emphasis for an immediate
termination of this state of things and to request her Majesty's Government to
give assurances upon the following four demands:
First— That all points of mutual differences be
regulated by friendly recourse to arbitration or by
whatever amicable way that may be agreed upon by
this Government and Her Majesty's Government.
Second— That all troops on the borders of this
repub'.ic shall be instantly withdrawn.
Third— That all reinforcements of troops, which
have arrived in South Africa since June 1, 1899, shall
be removed from South Africa within a reasonable
time, to be agreed upon with this Government, and
with the mutual assurance and guarantee on the
part of this Government that no attack upon or hos
tilities against any portion of the possessions of the
British Government shall be made by this republic
during the further negotiations, within a period of
time to be subsequently agreed upon between the
governments: and this Government will, on compli
ance therewith, be prepared to withdraw the armed
burghers of this republic from the borders.
Fourth— That Her Majesty's troops which are
now on the high seas shall not be landed in any part
of South Africa.
This Government presses for an immediate and
affirmative answer to these four questions, and
earnestly requests Her Majesty's Government to re
turn an answer before or upon Wednesday, October
11, 1899, not later than 5 o'clock p. m
It desires further to add that in the unexpected
event of an answer unsatisfactory being received by
it within the interval, it will greatly regret to be
compelled to regard the action of Her Majesty's Gov
ernment as a formal declaration of war. and will not
hold itself responsible for the consequences thereof,
and that in the event of any further movement of
troops occurring within the above-mentioned time in
a nearer direction to our border, this Government
will be compelled to regard that also as a formal
declaration of war.
1 have the honor to be, respectfully yours,
F. W. REITZ, State Secretary.
will bring his republic clattering down
upon hie head." ' -.7 :
The Times says it has reason to believe
that the Government's reply to Kruger
will contain simply a brief expression of
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
regret that he should have taken the
serious step involved In addressing such
a communication to her Majesty's Gov
ernment, and the announcement that her
Majesty's Government has no further2
DUEL FOUGHT IN THE
STREET IN NEW ORLEANS
Editor of the Evening Item and a Demo
cratic Politician Fight With Guns
and Both May Die,
© NEW ORLEANS, Oct. 10.— A desperate street duel occurred in front of m
<> Newspaper Bow. on Camp street, to-diy, in which Domlnick C. O'Malley, pro- O
• * prietor of the Evening Item and a well-known promoter of sport, and C. Har- 2?
£ rison Parker, State Tax Collector, chairman of the Democratic State campaign £»"
V committee, and editor-in-chief of the Delta, the anti-lottery organ, were seri- V
g ously. if not fatally, wounded. g»
<% The trouble is said to have originated over a cartoon in the Item last £j(
£* Sunday. O'Malley has been in several shooting affrays, and Parker wounded .♦
3 Mayor E. A. Burke, then State Treasurer, in a famous duel in 1882. O
$•,&-.' ■ i'
(Bo•^^•^c•^c•^^'^o^C'^•^^o^v%o^'O^o^v%ovo^ , o%o.^o^^'^c•^c►^o , *c» , .o• !
communication to make to him at the
pr sent time.
The Times says editorially: "The news
that the Transvaal has taken such a step
will be received with profound regret by
1a majority of the British people. To the
Inst we clung to the hope that bloodshed
would be avoided, but that hope has been
deliberately quenched by the wanton ac
tion of the Pretoria Government. In tone
and substance alike the ultimatum Is a
document of studied insolent defiance. It
is the Transvaal, not we, who snap the
last frail thread of negotiations. They
have declared war upon the British Em
pire, and they must feel her arm and pay
the penalty of their aggression."
The- article concludes: "With Swinburne
—in a vigorous and characteristic sonnet
which he sends out to-day— the sons of
Cromwell and of Blake will cry: 'Strike.
England, strike home!' so it is In the old
TRANSVAAL BACKED
BY THE FREE STATE
LONDON, Oct. 10.— A dispatch from
Pretoria, dated .Monday evening, says:
"Owing to' the st a of the country
generally and tho sad circumstances
which prevail. It has been officially an
nounced that there will be no birthday
reception at the Presidency. Matters are
becoming critical, and many of the
burghers and the three main commandoes
are impatient and feel that it is suicidal
to await the arrival of overwhelming re
inforcements from England. The Presi
dent has done his utmost to stem this
feeling in the hone that diplomacy might
still settle matters. During the past few
days telegraphic conferences have been
held with President Steyn. and whatever
course shall be taken by the Transvaal
will receive the commendation and sup
port of the Free State.
"It is freely rumored in the town, and
is believed to be correct, that the Gov
ernment assumed its firm position be
cause Great Britain's new proposals have
not arrived, though Conyngham Greene,
the British diplomatic agent at Pre
toria, informed State Secretary Reitz
nine days ago that they would be for
mulated in a few days' time. Conse
quently the burghers are alarmed at the
continued dispatch of troops from Eng
land and India.
"A telegram received here outlines the
ultimatum In terms already cabled,
which the correspondent gathers has lust
been dispatched."
The correspondent adds: "Martial law
may be proclaimed on Wednesday, but all
depends upon Great Britain's reply. The
Transvaal forces arc being augmented by
volunteers of all nationalities. The War
Office is very busy. Ambulance parties
are starting for the front. There is still
the faintest hope that war may be
averted."
BRITONS DISPLAY
THEIR WARLIKE FEELING
LONDON, Oct. 10.— The more peaceful
nor of the morning's news and com
ments had scarcely been digested and
aroused hope that President Kruger's
birthday would also mark the dissipation
or the commencement of the dissipation
of the clouds hanging over South Africa
when the sensational announcement that
the Transvaal Government had handed a
definite ultimatum to the British diplo
matic agent In Pretoria caused a rapid
slump In the hopes of those who believe
that diplomacy will yet save the situation.
It is understood from the movements of
Ministers and the activity of the Govern
ment offices that developments are immi
nent, although whether they are pacific
or warlike remains an enigma.
The officials at the Colonial Office worked
all night, and Mr. Chamberlain arrived
there early this morning. In some quar^
ters It is intimated that the Government
has received notification of the Boer ul
timatum and is relieved In consequence,
as the Government considers the Boers
now placed in a position of having forced
on war.
Whatever the official feeling may be,
there Is no mistaking the significance ol
the great manifestation, combined with
the war spirit, which occurred In the
streets of London this morning when the
New South Wales Lancers traversed the
city to embark for South Africa. Tens of
thousands assembled to do homage to the
little handful ."of soldiers representing the
empire's ally.
From the arrival of the squadron at
Waterloo station to the embarking on the
railway train at Fenchurch station tu
multuous scenes of wild enthusiasm
marked the route traversed. The" bands
were allowed to play nothing but "Soldiers
of the Queen," "Rule Britannia" and
"God Save the Queen," in which the dense'
crowds joined.
It is doubtful If such frenzied welcome
v. .is ever before witnessed In London.
There was an Incessant roar of cheers and I
song until the Mansion House, the official i
residence of the Lord Mayor of London,
was reached. Here traffic was completely
blocked by th" surging throngs, and it
was only with the greatest difficulty that
the Lord Mayor, Sir John Voce Moore, in
the full robes of office, restrained the sing
ing and vociferous cheering when he ad
dressed the troops, wishing them godspeed
and expressing the interest of the country
in their heroic determination to assist in
asserting Imperial authority in South Af
rica. Sir John .'aid: • "•'<
"I hope there will not he war, but the
necessities of the moment require a dem
onstration of authority."
The inspiring scene closed with the sing
ing of the national anthem, the Lord
Mayor leading.
A similar occurrence took place at Fen
church station. The windows In the
neighborhood were crowded with sight
seers, who showered miniature union
jacks and squares of bunting hearing the
portrait of the Queen upon the passing
troops. When the station was reached an.
incident occurred, typical of the readiness,
of the colonists to fight. .. ;-
Viscount Hampden, former Governor
and commander-in-chief of New South
Wales, was present. A sergeant major
stepped forward and drew Lord Hamp
den's attention to the fact that he was
wearing the same sword used by his Lord
ship- when the latter belonged to the New
South Wales Lancers. Lord Hampden
was about to examine the weapon, when
the sergeant major cautioned him, say
ing: "That sword has been sharpened and !
Is ready for active service."  .
The reports from all the military en
ters show that the mobilization orders
are received with great enthusiasm now j
that President Kruger has crossed the i
Rubicon and taken the irrevocable step. j
of issuing an ultimatum. The wonder is '
Why, if President Kruger is resolved upon j
fighting, he has waited so long. The ex- !
planation seems to be that his hand has
been forced by the fact that- the Boers I
have got out of control or that if he
awaited the arrival of the British army
ewrps the chances of military success for
him would be of the slimmest possible
character.
The expiration of the time limit of the
ultimatum to-morrow evening does not
leave Great Britain much time to
strengthen the present military position,
although there are still a few troops
at Durban, Natal, available for dispatch
to the front, but the Government will
doubtless now adopt the suggestion to
form the refugees from the Rami into
volunteer regiments.
Outside the momentous news of the ul
timatum nothing of moment has been re
ceived tills morning from the scene of ac
tion except the announcement that the
Boers have constructed forts commanding
La ings Neck, and that guns have been
mounted on Mount Pogwane and Mount
Prospect.
WAR IN TRANSVAAL
WILL BEGIN TO-NIGHT
NEWCASTLE, Natal, Oct. 11.— A tele
gram received from tne Government
states that war with the Transvaal will
begin to-night (Wednesday). The Pre
mier felt It his duty to warn the people.
A public meeting was held and it was de
cided to leave the matter in the Wands of
the Corporation.
Ex-Premier Escombe, who is a pro-
Boer, spoke reassuringly, stating that
there was no immediate danger; that lie
anticipated no harm from the Boer and
no panic, the people leaving at their own
discretion.
LADYSMITH, Oct. 10.— It is learned
from an authentic source that a detach
ment of carbineer scouts saw a party of
Free State Boers In Natal territory near
Berg. On being seen the Boers retreated
immediately. c
Commandant Viljoen, commanding the
Free State artillery, is marching toward
Albertin, near Stanreenes, where the
Boers are massed.
SWASILAND AT THE
MERCY OF KAFFIRS
LOURENZO MARQUES. Oct. 10.-
Refugees who have arrived here report
that Swaziland, the ' administration or
which is under the Government of th.
South African Republic, in accordance
with the convention of 1894 between Great
Britain and the Transvaal. Is entirely de
serted by English and Boers. They say
the police have been withdrawn and the
prisons thrown open. . The shops are at
the mercy of the Kaffirs, who are col
eetlne: at Kings Kraal.
ALLEGED PURCHASE
OF DELAGOA BAY
-LONDON, Oct. 10.— It is reported that
at the coming session of Parliament for
mal announcement will be made of the
cession of Delagoa Bay and the surround
ing territory in Portuguese East Africa to
Great Britain. The price is said to be
5.000,000 pounds sterling.
NEW WAR POEM BY
ALGERNON SWINBURNE
LONDON, Oct. 10. —Algernon Swin
burne's war sonnet, published to-day, Is
entitled "October Ninth, Eighteen Ninety-
Nine." It is as follows:
Patience, long sick to death, is dead. Too
long
Have sloth and doubt and treason bidden
us be
What Cromwell's England was not when
the sea
To him bore witness, given of Blake, how
strong
She stood— a commonweal that brooked
no wrong
From foes less vile than men, like wolves
. set free,
Whose war Is waved, where none may
fight or flee,
With women and with weanlings. Speech
and song
Lack utterance now for loathing since we
hear
Foul tongues that blacken God's dishon-
o red name, ' /,•>'. r .
With prayed turned curses and with
praise found shame.
Deny the truth whose witness now draws
near.
To scourge these dogs, agape with Jaws
afoam,
Down out of life. Strike, England, and
strike home!
TROOPS WAITING
FOR AN ATTACK
LONDON, Oct. 11.— A dispatch from j
Mafeking dated Monday says: The mili- I
tary are making every preparation. It Is |
expected that an attack will be made to- )
night and the men are sleeping on their
guns, the outposts have been strengthened
and every one is warned to be ready. It i
is thought the enemy will attempt to j
shell the town at daybreak. Nearly all I
the women who remain here have volun- j
teered to assist in ambulance work.
Machine guns have been placed in posi- j
tion and stands of arms have been pro
vided at various points in the native quar
ter in order that in case of attack the na
tives may be armed. It is stated that the
total of the Beer forces in the neighbor
hood is 0300. Our outposts form a com
plete cordon, which no one is allowed to
cross unless provided with a pass. The i
chief Baralongs In conversation expressed i
his willingness and readiness to fight j
against the Boers, but this is forbidden by j
the Government.
• ■
Kruger Is Seventy-Five.
PRETORIA, Oct. 10.— To-day president
Kruger celebrates the seventy-fifth anni
versary of his birth.
NO SYMPTOMS OF
CHOLERA PRESENT
State Health Officer Dr. Blunt of
Texas Investigates Certain
Mysterious Cases.
'AUSTIN. Tex.; Oct. 10,-State Health
Officer Blunt returned to-day from Led
better, Tex., where he was called yester
day to investigate four of the cases of
alleged Asiatic cholera. He found the
mysterious symptoms were confined to
the family of William Barnes, residing
near Ledbetter. Three members of the
family had already died of the sickness
and four children, Including the husband
and wife and two children, were seriously
111. Dr. Blunt, found no symptoms of
cholera, and expressed the belief that the
patients are suffering from poisoning of
some character. .:<: v. ,-
■ 0 ■ -
To Cure La Grippe in Two Days
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All I
drugs-lets refund the money if it falls to cure, i
E. W. Grove's signature ls on each box. - 23c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11. 1899.
SALOON MEN LOSE
PASADENA FIGHT
Sanitary District Will Be
Established.
— — -•
THE CONTEST A BITTER ONE
. — , m
MATTER WILL BE CARRIED INTO
THE COURTS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, Oct. 10.— North Pasadena
and Lamanda Park declared by vote to
day in favor of sanitary districts, under
the State Legislative act. The Lamanda
Park vote was 126 for and 101 against;
North Pasadena, 195 for and 109 against.
The elections were quiet, and nearly as
heavy a vote was polled as at the general
election. The saloon men say they will
fight the law in court by the advice of
their lawyers.
"We propose to spot Southern California
all- over with sanitary districts, and they
will all be white spots, too. We will abol
ish all saloons and roadhouses in at least
fifteen counties of this State. Los An
geles County is not one of these. We can
raver root the evil out of that city. I am
afraid." So spoke State Superintendent
Dr. E. S. Chapman of the Anti-Saloon
League during the campaign for the es
tablishment of the districts at Lamanda
Park and North Pasadena.
The fight was started on April 10, when
a call was Issued by Dr. 11. A. Keid of
this city, who is State secretary of the
Anti-Saloon League. The call invited the
pastors of all the churches to send dele
gates to the annual convention of the
league at the Young Men's Christian As
sociation building, Los Angeles, on May ;
4. The call set forth that "it will be our !
aim and prayerful endeavor during the en- j
suing year to enlist and unify all the j
Christian forces of Southern California In ;
such steady, persistent and practical of- j
forts as may be suited to the conditions |
existing In each locality for pushing the ;
battle of the churches against the saloon- |
licensing sin and shame of our land."
Nearly every church responded with a
delegate, and Rev. Dr. Chapman was j
c-hosen State superintendent of the league, !
It was agreed with Dr. H. A. Reid, the,
originator of the successful fight against
Pasadena city saloons, that the sanitary
district State law of 1895, providing tor
organization of local self-governments,
was sufficient to knock out the roadhouses
which exist just outside the city limits.
The law gives the local rulers, called the i
sanitary board, five in number, just as
complete control over saloons and all oth
er matters requiring police attention as is
enjoyed by the City Council of Pasadena.
The expense of Inaugurating and main
taining such a local government, which
could refuse to grant liquor licenses, is
small— not one-fourth as much as it is for
a city of the sixth class.
The sanitary district law was sustained
in the Supreme Court in a tost case taken
up from Alameda County, but the saloon
keepers say that they will fight it in court
nevertheless. They say that the portion
cf It pertaining to liquor licenses has not
yet been fully tested:
A petition signed by residents of La
manda Park and another signed by resi
dents of North Pasadena, both places be
ing just outside the city limits, was pre
sented to the county Board of Supervisors,
asking that an election be called. Elec
tions were called for October 10.
The candidates for the Sanitary Board
In North Pasadena were C. W. Rhodes,
Byron Lisk. Calvin Thornton. F. G. Good
speed and Royal Plummer. Those at La
mande Park were A. L. Bchofield. C. A.
Day, A. A. WejTnuth and W. T. Sibley.
The fight has been a hot one. The anti
saloon people have held mass meetings
weekly and semi-weekly, and have Issued
hundreds of handbills, dodgers and
badges. There have been distinguished
speakers here. The saloon men. while j
tending to care little whether the elec
tion earned or not, have hired several
lawyers, and "twelve reasons why the dis
trict would : not be advantageous to the
people. have been issued and widely circu
lated. The Liquor Dealers' Association
of Los Angeles put up the money arid se
cured the services of F. F. Davis, attor
iney. Attorney W. S. Wright represented
j the Los Angeles Brewing Company, Judge <
' H. H. Rose the Lamanda Park saloon
keepers and J. J. Harris the North Pasa- j
i dena saloon men... :«. ..<.«.
Hon. C. C. Wright, author of the Wright i
irrigation law. looked after the Interests.!
of the Anti-Saloon League, Attorney Ben- j
jamin W. Hahn was hired by the local
anti-saloon people and Attorney C. D.
Wilbur for the county.
The Anti-Saloon League has mapped out
several other districts for Southern Cali
! fornia, where elections will soon be held.
YOUNG WOMAN IS
STRANGLED TO DEATH
Terrible Crime Committed by an Un
known Fiend in the City of
Lowell, Mass.
LOWELL, Mass., Oct. 10.— The body of
a young woman was found in a lonely
place on Paw tucket street, near the Mer
rlmac River, here at 2 o'clock this morn
ing. She had been strangled to death, and
the authorities think the motive was crinv
inal assault. It is thought she was a
stranger In this city.
CONVENTION OF CATHOLICS.
Union of Societies May Be Effected in
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 10.— In tho move
ment to form a federation of interests
among the many Catholic societies of Los
Angeles, the Young Men's Institute has
taken the initiative through Montgomery
Council. Every organization has been in
vited to send delegates to a > convention
that will be held October 26 comprising
the Catholic societies In Los Angeles— the
Young Men's Institute, one branch of the
Ancient Order of Hibernians.: two Socie
ties of the Catholic Knights of America,
one of the Catholic Order of Foresters
and the Los Angeles Catholic Beneficial
Association. Every one of these ls ex
pected to send delegates based upon the
proportion of one delegate for each
twenty-five members. Bishop Montgom
ery has been invited to address the con
vention, and other prominent Catholic
clergymen as well as laymen will attend
the meeting. Anthony Schwamm, Deputy
Supreme President, speaking of the plans,
says:
"This proposed federation has been agi
tated for some time and has no political
or any other significance. However,
Catholic interests have been anything
but united and therefore the first result
of this convention will be harmony among
all Catholic societies. The attention of
the delegates will be called to the action
of several leading magazines In publish
i ing a certain advertisement which reflects
i seriously upon Catholics. No doubt pro
[ tests will be made against reviving the
i anti-Catholic spirit which this advertise
! ment suggests. Other matters of im
portance alone to the different societies
will he discussed and steps will be taken
to make this proposed federation perma-
I nent and effective."
FLOODS IN MEXICO.
Much Damage to Railroads by the
Heavy Downpour.
AUSTIN, Texas, Oct.' 10.— A dispatch
from Monterey, Mexico, says that rains
of unprecedented severity have been fall
ing during the past two days in the moun
tains between Monterey and Saltlllo.
Long stretches of track and several bridges
on the Mexican National road have been
washed away and mammoth rocks have
been loosened and fallen on the track
from overhanging cliffs. Great damage
has been done to a number of villages
situated at the foot of the mountains by
overflows. . ,
English Players Lead.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10.— The gentle
men of Philadelphia made a miserable
showing In the last Inning against Prince
Ranjitslnhjl's English cricketers. Tho
game ended to-day. ; the visitors winning
by 131 runs and with an inning to spare.
The ; match was begun on Saturday last.
The Englishmen scored 363 in their first
Inning. The Philadelphlans tallied but
85 in their first inning. Thev, followed on
for their second inning,*- which was fin
ished to-day for 147 runs, a grand total of
232.
ADMIRAL DEWEY IS
IN HIS NATIVE STATE
Bonfires Blaze on the Mountain Peaks
and the People Welcome the Re
turning Hero.
SHELBURNE. Vt., Oct. Admiral Dewey is home at last and Is happy to be
within the shadow of the Green Mountains and beside the water of Lake
Champlain, away from the noise and bustle that have filled his ears since his
flagship, the Oiympia, came In sight of Sandy Hook. The fact that the ad
miral was really in Vermont was signaled to-night on all mountain peaks by
bonfires and electric searchlights from one end of the State to the other. Admiral
Dewey is the guest of Dr. Seward Webb at his country residence, Shelburne farm,
and will not become the State's guest until Thursday at the capital, Montpellier.
He came here on a special train from New York City this morning, occupying Dr.
Webb's magnificent car, the Elsmere.
In the party were the admiral and his ' son, Dr. Webb, Flag Lieutenant
Brumby, Governor Smith of Vermont and several railway officials. While In New-
York State Admiral Dewey remained within the car chatting with the others of
the party. But after crossing the Vermont line, above White Hall, the admiral
seemed to grow a little nervous, spoke of his home-coming repeatedly and went
out on the rear platform, although the car was an observatory' car, to view the
scenery. He seemed to be very happy and to those who were around him it ap
peared almost as If the admiral had had a touch of homesickness. As the train
ncared Shelburne the admiral watched the changing scenery intently. Here and
there a flag was seen", but it is nature that has done the lavish painting on this
great occasion, for the Vermont woods are one mass of autumn color. When the
train pulled into Shelburne the villagers and folks from the surrounding towns,
even as far away as Burlington, had made up a crowd of nearly 3000. The en
gine stopped just at the station, so that the rear car, the Elsmere, was abreast
of a little grass plat down the track. When the train stopped Admiral Dewey
stood upon the rear platform. Preceded by Dr. Webb, he walked across the
lawn, where an open landau, drawn by two black horses, was in waiting. As the
admiral walked across the lawn a band from Burlington played "Under the
Double Eagle," a selection made at the special request of the admiral.
As Admiral Dewey stepped into the carriage a salute of seventeen guns was
fired from behind a mass of shrubbery near by. Admiral Dewey remained erect
In the carriage with . hat and gloves In hand, bowing and smiling to the people
around him. He was dressed in a gray cutaway suit and wore a silk hat.
Dr. Webb handed in the admiral's son, who took a seat. Then the crowd of
eager people closed around the carriage until the admiral looked into a sea
of faces. Just at the steps of the carriage stood a man In working clothes,
Michael McKenzie of this city, noticeable because of his height. Suddenly
McKenzie threw his cap Into the air and yelled: "Let's give three cheers for
Admiral Dewey, the hero 'of Manila." The cheers were given.
The admiral stared, looked wonderingly at the man, dropped his hat and
gloves and then impulsively shook McKenzie's hand, which' was still in the air
after tossing his hat. Instantly the hands of the crowd were outstretched toward
the carriage, but Admiral 'Dewey started back in fear, drew his hand toward
his body and said: "No, no, I can't do that; my hands are very sore; too sore
for that." Bowing again and speaking almost inaudibly an expression of thanks
he sat down. The crowd drew back a little, Lieutenant Brumby and Dr. Webb
took their seats and the carriage passed out of the station grounds.
Along the road were drawn up 200 school children, each with a flag and head
ed by their, teacher. At a signal the children sang a parody on "Yankee Doodle
Dandy," beginning: "Yankee Dewey went to sea." The movement of the car
riage was so timed that it reached the end of the line just as the chorus was
reached and the. admiral, who had stood up in passing, bowed his acknowledg
ments.' The horses were then whipped up and the admiral was driven to Shel
burne House at Shelburne farm, three miles away. In the carriages which fol
lowed were other members of the party with the admiral's Chinese valet on
the box with the driver of the second carriage.
WHEELER SPEAKS
TO STANFORD MEN
Education and Athletics
Go Together.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 10.—
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
University of ; California addressed the
students of Stanford in the university
chapel this afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Dr. Jordan in introducing the speaker
paid a high tribute to President Wheeler,
saying that his coming to California was
one of the most fortunate things that ever
happened to the State.
President Wheeler spoke as follows:
"I feel at home at Stanford already. It j
reminds me of Cornell,, where I spent
thirteen years of my life, when I see the
spirit you have here and a Cornell man
as your president. At Cornell there is
a fraternity spirit of academic discipline
permeating the whole college, life, and I
understand you have it here. I miss the
rowing crews to which I became used at
Cornell. I cannot conceive of a university
without a crew. Now, I beg of you,
students of Stanford, go down to the bay
and row. Do It for the benefit of the
University of California and add this to
your many benefices toward her. Row
ing is better than football. It teaches
eight men to co-operate perfectly. It
does men good to get out on the water.
Get a boat and row and make it hard for
the boys of Berkeley to beat you.
"I love to lie here with you students
to-day. One reason I hesitated to accept
my present position was because I feared
it would shut me up in an office a-.\ay
from the students. I want you Stanford
students to feel that I am interested in
you and you may be assured that 1 shall
be interested in you even during the next
football game. : '
"Just as much as I believe In the dif
ferentiation in athletics and studies, I
believe In the differentiation among col
leges. When men from the small col
leges come to me for graduate work* l
find that they are quite as well prepared
as those from the larger universities to
carry on any advanced work. So I dis
like to hear any one disparage the small
or denominational colleges. Many men
would not be interested in colleges at all
If it had not been for their relation
through the churches.
"I want you to feel proud of your State
University. And I also want Stanford
men to go before the people of the State
and get them to give to the State Uni
versity. You work with your instruments
and we work with ours, but our common
end and aim is the same. Everything we
have is In common, even our only enemy
— barbarity Is common property.
"I have taught classes day after day
In Brown. Harvard and Cornell, yet I
have never been disappointed when my
boys turn up and tell me that they have
forgotten everything about Greek. The
real education is rubbing up against men
and learning the problems of life, and not
memorizing a few subjects. The bureau
drawer idea is not my Idea of a univer
sity. It Is not a place to isolate young
men from life In order that they may
wait, nor to postpone the problems of life.
"You don't hoar much to-day about uni
versity men not being prepared for busi
ness, for they are going Into all the offices
of Wall street, the railroad offices and
editorial rooms of our largest journals.
"If a man has appreciated the opportu
nities of his university training he goes
out with accumulated power to shake
things. You must learn to study so that
you can continuously think about things,
while at the bottom there must be en
thusiastic for your work. You are engaged
In the same work and headed toward the
same goal that we are over at Berkeley,
and I wish for you only the best and bid
you godspeed.™^
Death of a Pioneer.
VISALIA, Oct. 10.— James Funston died
in. this city to-day. He was one of the
pioneers of the State. lie came to Cali
fornia in the *40's and was once very
wealthy. He was well known in Tuol
umne, Kern. Kings and Placer counties.
Corn is king in Kansas.' See "Keith's"
window novelties In husks. •
"He That Any Good
Would Win"
Should have good health. Pure, rich
blood is the first requisite. Hood's Sarsa-
parilla, by giving good blood and good
health, has helped many a man to success,
besides giving strength and courage to
<women <who, before taking it, could not
even see any good in life to <win.
SAILORS RESCUED BY
LIFE-SAVING CREW
Three-Masted Schooner Thomas W.
Holder, Now Ashore, Will Be a
Total Loss.
HIGHLAND LIGHT, Mass., Oct. 10.—
The crew of a large three-masted schoon
j er which went ashore last night near Ca
; hooris Hollow life-saving station was res
j cued at daybreak this morning through
: the united efforts of the men of Cahoons
Hollow and the Palma River life-saving
i stations. The vessel is the Thomas W.
j Holder of Boston, bound from Liverpool
: N. S., for New York, with a cargo of pulp
wood.
The schooner is well up on the bar, is
full of water and it is thought it will be a
difficult task to save her.
The Thomas W. Holder was built at
Bucksport, Me., in 1875, and is of 231 tons
■ and 121 feet in length. She is largely
I owned In St. John, N. B.
Rain in Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 10.— Shortly before
midnight rain commenced falling lightly-
In this city. A little rain with clearing
weather following would do much good,
but a prolonged storm would Injure the
grapes that are unpicked and probably
hurt the bean crop.
SANTA ANA, Oct. 10.— As a result of
the fierce desert wind that has been pass
im? over the valley for the past few days
fully $10,000 worth of English walnuts are
lying on the ground. To-night rain be
gan falling, and the prospects are for a
heavy downpour.
Harbor Improvements.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 10.— At a citizens' meet
ing at the Board of Trade rooms this
evening a resolution was passed favoring
the expenditure of the $86,000 balance of the
appropriation for the Improvement of
Alviso harbor in a still further betterment
of the channel with a view of permitting
vessels of larger draft to enter the har
bor, and a committee was appointed to se
cure, the fulfillment of this desire.
WHAT ARE
YOUR NUMBERS?
Men whose
iar^"V-S nerves are
§ letting down
usually pre-
sent some of
of appetite
and impaired
digestion
corrects one
and all these
symptoms,
/HUDYAN FOR NERVES f r o Ub lls° "in
A AH Drufefiists. 50.. , ) any form.
If you look haggard, you cannot sleep,
you are weak physically or your memory
is clouded, then take HUDYAN. HUD-
YAN Is calculated to relieve such condi-
j tions, and it does the work admirably. If
you are irritable, you have a fear of im-
pending evil, you cannot apply pourself
to business, then procure HUDYAN at
once. | HUDYAN cures permanently.
HUDYAN— aII druggists— soc a package;
six packages, $2 50. If your druggist does
pot keep it, send direct to HUDYAN
REMEDY COMPANY, corner Stockton,
Ellis and Market streets,; San Francisco,
Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
WW-SS "tllL? • I J_r $'• _J?^^n__«-^__fr
E_» —J_
ADVEBTISEMENTS. -___-~~~~~~~~
jj NEW CLOAK STORE,
H ■
I 1146 Market Street. !
tl J. O'BRIEN & CO. respectfully call attention |
1 to the following special bargains : I
1 - <_ I
I ladies' tailor-made suit, misses* plaid golf capes, |
ii black camel's hair— made In latest various colors-extra good yal- .
; I style— double-breasted coat-usual- ues at $s— our price • JgQ 75
§ ly sold for $20-our C|g # _,Q *"• ' U
I price £
1 .■"•',"••'* 200 misses' jackets, \
1 ladies' plaid skirts, Melton cloth-tans, blues, brown \
I new designs— swell patterns; and black, double-breasted—
1 —on sale for a few days <gQ QQ standard value $s— our CO QQ ;
I at «k«^» price Vl " !
I ladies' plush capes, _ ladies' tailor-made suits, I
1 wTt b h roid s e r rge ".S-tSS "nth man-tailored-all-wool cheviot, in
I Thlh P t B wfrth J5 o™ $2.90 » lue and black « &00d $7.50
1 price .'...?."... .....'....... p4"«.V = value at ?10-our price.. .«P#»uU j
I J.O'BRIEN&CO. I
I 1146 Market Street,
1 , Between Taylor and Mason. J
lia_j_sa_^i'^^
rs zismrsn oinmro- o^nnmr oimnro- v o-oinnnr Tnnnnnr a-YoTnro- oimnro-TQ
| OUR SOCIETY BLUE BOOK, |
I THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY 1
£ Season 18991900 Now Being Compiled. 3
>o . ... j3
to The entire edition has been subscribed for in advance. It will be printed 3
Jo on delicately tinted enameled plate paper, elegantly bound in blue "Pega- oj
£• mold" leather, with a handsome design In gold leaf on the outside of the front °S
C cover. The work will be carefully compiled and will be entirely changed, ow- 3
C Ing to the renumbering of all the residence streets. It will contain the ad- ,_.
>o dresses and reception days of prominent families, and will Include only the o?
to names of persons of recognized social standing; a list of club members, with o<
p their business addresses; a new set of theater diagrams; San Francisco and »<
C Oakland street and avenue guide; ladies' shopping guide, suburban residents, g
C and personnel of the press; also guests of the leading hotels who will be ,__,
Jo permanently located for the winter. ot
to Address all changes- to 3
fe CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher, 3
U . 225 Post Street. San Francisco. 3
Jo Care of EDWARD H. MITCHELL, Art Stationer, 225 Post street. o<
Cfi. ojLBJLPJioj?JUL2_ajL-L-LsLi^ °- SISISISLSLSLiISLSJLSISLtZJISLSUL^
STATEMENT
OF THE — -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PENNSYLVANIA FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
-1 ber, A. D. IS9B, and fur the year ending on
that ' day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Sections 010 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed jas per blank fur-
nished, by the Commissioner:'
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash ". $400.000 00
' ASSETS . —
Real Estate owned by Company $249,000 00
i Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 846,900 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,621,300 00
! Amount of Loans secured by pledge
1 of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
-1 able securities as collateral 81,850 00
Cash in Company's Office 5,511 51
Cash In Banks 137,903 9S
I Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7,978 16
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
end Mortgages " 11,166 8S
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 265,500 57
Rents due and accrued 225 00
Total Assets .$5,227,336 10
LIABILITIES.
losses adjusted and unpaid .' $14,025 88
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 146,833 39
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 6,725 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,567,779 06;
reinsurance 50 per cent 783,889 53
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,364,-
-626 05; reinsurance pro rata 743,087 51
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies. 831,311 42
All other liabilities 4,000 00
Total Liabilities .$2.529,872 73
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,653,905 66
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ■■••• 42,647 21
i Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds,. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 165, 03
Received for Rents.. 4,457 44
Transfers • • 381,00
Total Income .$1.866,903 34
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses $1,097,631 47
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission' or
Brokerage • 381,21191
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other >
charges for officers, clerks, etc 95.490 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes •• 68.374 01
All other payments and expendi-
tures 96,632 78
Total Expenditures .$1,829.390 17
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $1,057,599 56
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks! "
written during the
year ] $241,551,124 $2,204,559 86
Net amount of Risks
| expired during the
year 222,384,731 2,187,623 98
Net amount In force
December 31, 1898....! 343,575.238 2,932,405 11
R. DALE BENSON, President.
W. GARDNER CROWELL, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this. 19th
day of January, 1898. " THOS. J. HUNT.
Commissioner for California.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
436 CALIFORNIA ST.
T. EDWD. POPE, Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, Asst. Mgr.
r.w.!MMBi
j Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
1 ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E.FODQERA _ CO. !
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
RPTTQHFQ FOR BARBERS. BAK.
DUU OXIX-O ers - bootblacks, bath.
- nouses, billiard tables, j
j brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners, i
'; dyer*, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper 1 ]
bangers, printers, painters, " shoe , factories, i
■tablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year,
STATEMENT
— of THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
i
. ■ OF THE
UNION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF Philadelphia, In the State of Pennsyl-
vania, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
IS9B, and for the year ending on that day, a3
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. .l*
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash ■ .$200,000 00
ASSETS. '
Real Estate owned by Company $160,000 00
Loans on. Bonds and Mortgages 9,900 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 360,15100
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
] of Bonds, Stocks, and other market-
able securities as collateral 13,800 00
Cash in Company's Office I.SSS 21
Cash in Banks 12,479 53
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans, cash In hands of agents. 8,980 57
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 247 50
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 47,766 28
Bills Receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1,000 00
Rents due and accrued (due from per-
! petual insurance on building) 742 50
Duo from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid ...
Total Assets ...8616,920 53
I. . LIABILITIES. —-—-—-—
Losses adjusted and unpaid $11,136 03
j Losses in process of Adjustment or in
I Suspense ' 20,538 85
Losses resisted, including expenses ... 500 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $183,520 09; re-
insurance 50 per cent 91,760 05
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $188,160 01;
reinsurance pro rata 100,753 94
Amount reclaimable by the insured on
perpetual Are Insurance policies.... 33,731
Gross premiums on Marine and Inland
Navigation Risks, : — ; re- '
• insurance 100 per cent
Gross Premiums on Marine Time
Risks, — ; reinsurance 50
per cent
All other liabilities 11,372 77
Total Liabilities .. $269. 793 45
INCOME. i
i Net Cash actually received for Fire
I premiums $273,862 27
Not Cash actually received for Marine
I premiums
| Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 845 00
' Received for interest and dividends on
I Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from all
I other sources 18,035 60
I Received for Rents 2,348 47
' Received from all other sources 60 84
Total Income ■ .3294,652 IS
EXPENDITURES.
j Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
! eluding $39,54S 91, losses of previous
! years) $199,989 93
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including , losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders 12,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 51,433 70
Paid for Salaries, Fees,- and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 42,31167
Paid for State, National, and local
taxes 8,247 28
All other payments and expenditures.. 26,105 85
Total Expenditures ...$340.040 32
_ _. . _. Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $181,611 97
Risks and Premiums. -Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks) I
written during the) |
year I $32,547,254' $318,324 99
Net amount of Risks! j
expired during the! |
year ! 33,343, 261,73174
Net amount In force! |
December 31, 1898 | 37,433,671] 371, 650 10
C. S. HOLLINSHEAD, President
• E. R. DANNELS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, "this 23d
day of January, 1899.
RICHARD H. REILLY.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
f 436 CALIFORNIA 'STREET,
T. EDWD. POPE. Manager.
| R. W. OSBORN, Asst. Mgr.
I A PERMANENT CURE f
2 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea 5
? and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
c daya ; no other treatment required. jj
.. c-.i Sold by all druggists. 5
j A?VVVVVVVVVVWVVVVVVV\AA/\A--»-*BLAZING FLOATS' IN
AN INDUSTRIAL PARADE
Fireworks Explode, Causing a Panic on
the Street and Serious Injure to
Several Persons,
CHICAGO. Och 10.— The last pageant of
the fall festival was the industrial parade
to-night. A drizzling rain was falling.
and only a very small crowd turned out
to witness it. The parade' was confined to
floats of business houses.
A display cf tire not on the parade pro
gramme took place when the procession
was passing along State street. A float
representing a man reclining on a mount
ain of collars and cuffs caught tire, and
the frightened horses tried to rush upon
the sidewalk, which was lined with spec
tators. At this moment another float col
lided with the one on Are, and before long
both were blazing fiercely. By this time
the people on the street were in a panic.
The police were busy with the burning
Scats and could not stop the crushing
and roughness in the crowd. Children j
were stepped on, and women reeled back
Into the crowd exhausted. A bunch of
fireworks on one of the floats exploded. ;
Through the smoke the poiice saw two :
women and three men on one float im
prisoned in the burning stuff. '1 hey fought
their way to the side of the wagon, out ,
were unsuccessful for a time. Bur when
the Are was put out it was found rhar !
Harry Lovell cf 231 Wabash avenue, who
had personated an Indian on one of the |
Coats, was severely burned. He will re- j
cover. A number cf others were in- :
i >
PRESIDENTS ESCAPE.
CHICAGO. Oct. lO.— At 11:30 to-night j
President McKinley ar.d members of his j
Cabinet left Chicago for Evansville, Ind., '
on a special train. His departure, with
the cheers ot ar immense throng ringing j
in his ears, brought, to a close a day of i
genuinely hard work. ir. which the Presi- j
dent had sciircely i moment of leisure for j
himself. The crowds which greeted him ]
at every turn were so good-natured and i
so disposed to cheer that the President, j
although wearied, expressed himself aa i
having enjoyed himself.
Ar. exciting incident, varied and for a !
moment threatened to upset the Presi- 1
dent's ceaseless round of activity. While i
In his carriage on Congress street, en j
route to Mem. rial Kail, to greet the mem- i
bers of the Society of the Army of Ten- I
tressee, one of the horses attached to the '
President.! carriage became fractious ar.d I
evinced a desire to run. The driver had i
.... he could do to restrain the animal, and j
after be had been tugging at the lines !
for several blocks, the horse rinaiiy broke;
away and started on a run. Captain Matt '
Piniierton of the Chicago Hussars, a de- I
tachment oi which haa joined the pro- i
cession, galloped beside the unmanageacle
horse ana grasped its bridle, bringing the
animal to a slow trot. The captain main
tained his ,ht;id for the balance of the
trip.
President McKlnley had scarcely fin- j
ished breakfast this morning when a dc.c- ;
gatioa of /laboring men reached the Audi- j
tcrium. The President was ciosited with i
them for half an hour. ■ j
The party was mad. up principally of j
members of the Bricklayers' and Stone- j
masons' Union, which made the President ;
an honorary member of their organiza
tion.
President Gubbins of the union in con
versation mentioned the "bricklayers' or
ganization.""
TOur organization, if you please; don't
forget r__-\" smiled Mr. McKinley. and the
committee promised that he would always i
be remembered as a full-fledged union •
bricklayer and stonemason.
fhe President asked many questions !
relative to the condition cf Chicago's
laboring people and expressed his pleas- j
ure that they were feeling the erfects of
prosperity.
The cornerstone trouble which arose
from the employment of non-union labor i
in cutting the first stones, and which for
a time threatened the ceremony of yes- j
terday was not spoken of.
The President declared that he consid- !
ered it a compliment to belong to the i
Bricklayers' Union, and pulled from an !
inside pocket the card entitling him to i
a voice in its proceedings.
"I would like to have the international !
body of which our body is a part hold its 1
convention of 1901 in Washington-" said '
the President as the building tradesmen |
were about to retire.
President Gubbins thanked him for the !
invitation and declared that the matter •
would be laid before the delegates to the I
convention of 1D»X). i
When the President emerged from th* j
hotel the weather could not have been
nearer perfection. Mr. McKinley drove
first to the Battle of Manila, a panoramic J
reproduction of the famous battle, where I
he spent a few minutes.
In the G. A. P.. Memorial Hall he next '
greeted, the Army of the Tennessee, which !
is holding its reunion at that place. In
addition to the fifty veterans present the
hall was packet! with spectators, who
cheered frantically.
General Granville M. Dodge, in intro- i
' l
MELTED AWAY!
The warm days recently seem to have melted away *rhat there was
ret of prices for some of the things we offer. For this week, unless sooner
sold, we offer values that will astonish everybody everywhere. This is not
done at the expense of quality. The goods are right. We want at least a
share of your trade on tills basis.
THINGS TO EAT,
CREAM FLAKE WHEAT.
The test and freshest from the mill dally
5 3s 10c : 13 lbs U...S
8 lbs. for n 35.
All Wheaten G.eds win soon advance.
All Soaps have advanced, nearly one-half
HORSESHOE SOAP.
The highest grocers' grade at b— jwn Soap
fits the hand, dry and hard, large cake
cheap at sc; until lot gone, 1600 cakes a
*4c
DRY GRANULATED SUGAR.
SpreckeT.f best. 21 Tba for Jl.
Limit. S3 at cue sale.
TABLE RICE.
Fair grade imported at 4-
Very fancy white tab1e Tat" ...'..'.'.'.'.'. .....5,
MUSTARD.
Begulirly ICe, Golden Eagle in fancy tabl<
dishes. Just now see set of salt and peppei
shakers, filled, the set for Sc
i :z
Stall work's German, superior to any other
f— "H. cakes ■*'
MEALS. "^
11-!t> sack Oat Heal 35.
10-iT. sack Core meal lie
V'-Tb sack Whole Wheat F^rnr ..' 23c
Cream cf Ceylon. Jl value, special to ln-
• -'■
We show the hest line of T»as In the city
and at grocers* profits. Discriminating
health eood demonstration,
Now gr.ir.g on. Complete line of Battl*
Creek anil St. Keisna fo<.ds. Worth inves-
tigation.
can:
■ : ;'■ '.
l-~> fancy box fine French. 2Zc
1 pkg delicious ma-shmaUow dainties, te.
NO LIQJO2S SOLD.
... tee President, deciare.l tnat ne
could rest assured uf the support of the
Army of the Tennessee in hi.-, present pol
icy. The President responded:
"I do not intend to interrupt your busi
ness at this meeting and have only called
Chat I may pay inj respects and present
my personal good wishes to the Army
of the Tennessee and respond with ex
pression of gratitude and satisfaction to
the warm words of General ijodge, your
prescient, in presenting the support or
the veterans the Army of the Tennes
see to the nag and the patriotic purpose
of the Government of the L'ni.ed States.
Indeed, no such pledge is necessary from
your chairman, i couid have known with
out his stating tt where the army stood
when the flag was assailed, carried by
soldiers and sailors of the republic I
would know where this veteran army
would stand when 1 should recall its his
tory, with its Grant. Sherman, AlcPher
son and Logan, and as I said, I have
only come to pledge the honor which I
feel for the veterans of HUH, who have
tor more tnan thirty years taught pa
triotism to the people of the L'nited
states. ..-rid when the hour of peril came
last year, as a result of your Instructions
more than a million men volunteered to
defend the fiag. I tnaak you for your
cordial welcome and bid you good morn
lr* <r ' '
Alter leaving the veterans. Mr. ilcKln
iey took a short drive, followed by a cav
alcade of the city's guests, and called at
tne hotel for Mrs. McKinley. The entire
party was then driven to tne hail of the
Women's Athletic -Club, where a light
luncheon was served in honor of Mr. and
Mrs. McKinley.
society leaders and women prominent tn
various kinds of work had assembled
early in anticipation of the visit of the
President and Mrs. McKinley.
An exhibition of swimming was given,
which was warmly applauded.
Mrs. McKinley and Miss Barber re
turned to tne hotel, while the President.
cheered all along the route, betook him
self to the Press Club.
President McKinley and Secretaries
Hay. Hitchcock and Wilson, accompanied
by Dr. WiiUani P-. Harper, L. W. Soyas,
Charles Truax, Lafayette llcWiiliums
and Postmaster Gordon, were greeted by
the reception committee of the Press Club
and introduced to the 2!» odd members
and their wives who were present. The*
party remained less than an hour owing
to other engagements. The rooms were
taste-fully decorated with Hags and palms
and plants. President McKinley registered
his name in the guest book, 'which con
tains the signatures of neariv all the
prominent men who have visited Chicago
since the organization of the club. When
the President left three cheers were given.
The arrangements for the public recep
tion were so admirable that scarcely any
confusion resulted. It Is estimated" that
3UOO persons shook hands with the Presi
dent during the reception, which occupied
one hour's time.
General Charles Fltzsimmons acted 03
master of ceremonies. At the end of the
hour's handshaking the President -was
driven to the Auditorium Hotel, where he
rp^re*' fnr T-ven hryri^z h_-f.->~* --_r
LAURIER WELCOMED
BY BUSINESS MEN
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— Sir Wilfrid Laurier.
Premier of Canada, and other distin
guished Canadians were the guests of the
ranadian- Americans to-day at an in
formal luncheon at the Palmer House.
Ihe guests began by drinking the health
)f President McKinley, followed by drink
ng to Queen Victoria, with appropriate
:oasts.
Sir Wilfrid Laurier responded to the
-.oast "Canada" and was frequently inter
•upted by applause. Major Raymond Pre
.'ouLaine of -Montreal spoke on the inti
mate commercial relations between Can
ada and the United States. Sir Alphonse
Pellitier and Hon. Richard Dobbe'u made
_rief addresses. Governor Tanner and
Mayor Harrison spoke briefly.
Premier Laurier and his party visited
the Chicago Board of Trade shortly before
noon and were given a decidedly lively
welcome by the bulls and bears in [ the
jrrain pit- . The Canadian Premier, after
being welcomed by President R- S. Lyon,
Secretary Stone and other officials, was
escorted to the private gallery. His en
trance was the signal for temporary ces
sation of business, and the traders, climb
ing on chairs, tables and even on each
other's backs, yelled their greetings to the
smiling Canadians. In response "to calls
for a speech. Premier Laurier responded
briefly. He said that his efforts to make
better social and commercial relations
with the United States had been partially
successful. he was happy to say. He also
said that Canada was the b^st purchaser
the United States had, man for mam
Kan? Ya Wei Sails
THINGS TO USE.
BLACK PASTS, LADIES' ... 25c
These are a few dozen closing tn J-rsoy-
ribbed gaols, part wool, aires 22 to 38.
BOUND BOOKS l_c
These are the value. 16 mo., ISO choice
tn.es; Bat price ls twice this sum- in lot 3
or to libraries, . for II 00. See the window.
SAXONY YARN 5c
Over 20 colors, made np as wanted, at 5
cents a skein: strictly standard quality
Handy tor knitting, darning cr fancy work:
HANDHERCHIEEi^ 25 fax . si.co
Best and cheapest assortment for family
use we have yet offered. Keep the children
supplied. " * iarea
NEEDLES . . . 77". . . . i e
These are imported goods, net sold at IBM
<**" 5 "?" £* a ™ !e ' Vv> hav * »t
them and offer to supply dea'«rs and
peddlers at 25 cents a thousand; 40 papers
25 cents. " "*-*■•*'
WIDE RIBBON .7 Sc
This Ls No. 18, you know the width aultp
% variety of colors left though not all
shades: high-grade, regular 2-bit ?«!_?
sale price. i cents. -TOOtLs,
DRESS GINGHAMS 5< -
Everybody buys these: large plaids. some
bright colors among them: wash wit-Oat
changing color; regular price. Ifl cents- *«ale
price. 5 cents. " *
STOCKINGS . . 77. gc
These areachocolate. tan or black 'rom lit
tie cues Io size »w for big g:ris; special
closing lot of overstock; regular 15-ceot
goods; sale pric«. S cents; larger sizes id
cents.
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St*.
.» *■* :.._... :. —■- . ,I'y-' ■-.;■ ,■- ■/..-• ■' ■■■■ ..'-_.■ '_.■•--.- _--■: .-•' •.--" !-■-.__,> >-»-■■*;-.-: „ -, . . -■:;.-•'■,.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER It, 1899.
YACHTS REMAIN AT
THEIR MOORING BUOYS
NEW YOF-K. Oct. 10.— Hard luck con
tinues to pursue the big single-stickers.
; On the three days last week when the
', yachts made attempts to sail. light, fluky
j winds left them stranded on the course
'- when the time limit expired. To-day a
■ fogbank prevented them from even lea<.-
lng their mooring buoys inside the spit
of land which forms the Sandy Hook ar
the entrance of the lower bay. This was
by far the most dismal fiasco of all. City
; and bay were done up in gray swathing
: clothes of impenetrable mists when the
I yachtsmen jumped out of bed this morn
'■ ing to get a look at the weather, and
there was gloom and dismay along the
water front. The old salts sniffed, saw
: the mist wreaths arid shook their heads.
"Nothing doing on the ocean to-day,"
[ was their verdicr.
But the Weather Bureau, with its sci
[ entitle meteorological methods, and pre
! dieted fair weather with freshening winds
i for to-day, and a few clung vainly to the
: hope that the Weather Bureau prognos
', tications would turn out true for once.
lOf course, the poor, misguided public
1 went like lambs to the slaughter. They
j backed Uncle Sam's weather oracle and
j put to sea. But not in such number as
j last week. Many of the sightseers who
; witnessed the three tiukes at an average
i cost per Cuke of from SS to $25 had lost
: their interest, and lt will take a rest to
j restore it.
Meantime the racers lay tied to their
i big buoy 3 inside the Horseshoe, rhe fog
; had let down its gray curtains all around
■ them. The circle of vision was barely 2*W
: yards in diameter. The yachts were as
\ complereiv shut eff from rhe rest of the
i worid as "if they had been inside a big
'< circus tent- The gray water matched
: the gray mist and blotted out the sky
; and sea line. The sun tried to bore Into
the gloom and once or twice Its dim out
i lines, looking like a shining silver dollar,
< could Just be discerned through the haze.
! There was no wind to lift the cloud of
! mist that literally rested on the water.
• If anything, the curtain seemed to grow
: denser as the tin for the yachts to get
I under way approached. It was mani
i festiy impossible for the yachts to put to
• sea in such weather. Sir Thomas Lipton
' and Mr. Iselin had agreed at 9 o'clock
s not to sail until the fog lifted ami there
; was a suitable breeze. So the big sloops
i lay idly at their moorings. Their crews
: loafed about the decks with nothing tc
:do but wait- The prospect of a race was
never at any time good enough to even
' justify them in removing the covers from
i their mainsails. About them lay the little
; flotilla of bottle-holders who attend upon
i the lighters of the deep — tenders, barge-.
'. and launches.
Sir Thomas and his guests aboard the
; Erin and the flagship of the New Tork
Yacht Club, the Corsair, with Commodore
Morgan and his guests, were within hail
-1 ing distance of the yachts. Through the
mists came the muffled clang of the great
! fog bell at the Hook, tolling Its warning
! to mariners, while from the distance float
: ed in the deep wail of the fog horns of the
', excursion steamers as they felt their way
' out toward the starting- line. Shortly be
fore 12 o'clock the committee boat, which
RENEWED ACTIVITY IN
PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
General Advances Along the Ameri
can Lines Begun and Heavy
Fighting Is Expected.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING- '
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.—
A general advance along the American
lines in Luzon has begun and War De
partment officials expect reports of some j
heavy fighting within the next few days.
Official dispatches received to-day and
not made public show that both Generals
Lawton and HacArthur are moving
northward with their forces, the purpose
being to get control of the railroad ajid
important towns as far north as possi
ble. Eventually it Is intended to send an
expedition by water to Lingayen. near the
northern terminus of the railway, so as
to flank the enemy. This expedition,
however, will not start until additiontl
troops have arrived. Meanwhile divisions
under both Lawton and Mac Arthur will
push to the north as far as they can.
According to j statements made at the
War Department to-day this advance is
to be made permanent. There are to be
no more towns taken and then aban
doned. "With the additional troops which
have arrived during the rainy season and
others to follow General Corbln says that
there will be a sufficient number of troops
available to garrison the towns as fast
as they are taken and still leave a for
midable force for continuing the onward
movement. It is this northward move
ment of American forces that probably
accounts for the recent great activity of
the insurgents south of Manila. This aiso
probably accounts for General Schwan's
appearance In the field at the head of a
column. He had been assigned to duty as
chief of staff and War Department au
thorities were congratulating themselves
that General Otis would leave to him the
details cf administrative work and thu3
be free to take up important work whlcn
properly belongs to a commander in chief.
"Without knowing definitely what
brought about this sudden change in Gen
eral Schwan's duties, the authorities be-
I lieve that the withdrawal of General
! Young from the south to join Generals
! Mac Arthur and Lawton tn the movement
[ northward resulted in renewed activity
: among the Insurgents south of Manila,
j and caused General Otis to assign Gen
i eral Schwan to a command for the pur
-1 pose of reinforcing General Grant-
In Otis' dispatch to the War Depart
i ment yesterday the only mention made of
' the marines was that they and the war
vessels at Cavite "made demonstrations
at Noveleta yesterday. General Schwan
advancing at the same time."
Naval officers assert that from Otis' dis
patch it would be judged that the credit
for the capture of Noveleta was due to
the army, and they are comparing the af
fair with the capture of lloilo. which was
first . occupied by sailors, though General
3aHler was given the credit for the cao
ture. From the navy standpoint General
Otis action In minimizing the work of the
marines is thousht to show that relations
between the army and the navy are not j
as narmonious as they might be.
Actirg Secretary Allen is losing no rime
In r.-lnforcin;? the Asiatic squadron. Orders
, were given to the Marietta to-day to pro
ceed at once to Manila instead of to the
mouth of the Orinoco. The Dolphin will
relieve the Marietta of the latter duty.
•
SPLENDID WORK BY
WATSON'S MARINES
WASHINGTON. Oct. 10.— The naval ac
count of the attack on Noveleta, which
differs materially from the account given
by General Otis, Is contained in the fol
lowing cablegram received at the Navy
Department to-day from Admiral Wat- .
son: I
"-.IANTI.A Oct. 10.— Secretary of the
Navy. Washington: On October S Elliott
with .100 marines, at the request of Gen
eral Otis, attacked the insurgents outside
of Noveleta and carried the outposts ami
town. while General Schwan took Old Ca
vite and approached Noveleta at right
angles. Elliott's advance effected a junc
tion with Schwan at Noveleta. and after
----- having- accomplished a
most difficult task: highly creditable.
The Spaniards found Novele'ta Impregna
ble; lost an entire regiment there. The
Petrel shelled the country ahead of El- :
liott, but the marines were subjected to a
hot fire from the insurgents. Two officers
and nine men were wounded: one man ;
has since died. Fifty temporary heat
prostrations. The names of the wounded
follow:
"First Lieutenant C. 3. Hill, flesh, left
thigh; Assistant Surgeon i . D. L-ang
horne. flesh, right arm: Private John Mc-
Donald, two wounds throu-rh head, seri- '
ous: First Sergeant A. McKinnon, left!
wrist: Private F. C Linnehan. left wrist:
Private H. Buehler, right knee, flesh;
Private Guy Williams, left thigh, fracture
of bone, serious: Private P. Hannon,
flesh wound above left ankle Private 11.
T. Barket, flesh, right hand: Private B.
O'Shea. right hip. penetrating abdomen;
Private J. F. Albright, abdomen perforat
ing intestines, serious.
"Callao's light draught enabled her to :
take position where she effectively shelled
fleeing Insurgents. Lanshorne. wounded
early while dressing Hill's wounds, con
tinued caring for wounded and sick en
tire day. deserves highest praise.
_■ "WATSON."
PREPARING WARSHIPS
TO GO TO MANILA
NEW YORK. Oct- —Orders were re
ceived at the navy-yard to-day to rush
the work on the cruiser New Orleans,
which is to be sent to the Philippines in
accordance with the recommendations of
Admiral Dewey. Th- orders were to turn
her over ieady for the long voyage In a
week The cruiser arrived at the navy
yard to-day. She will go Into the drv
docfc and be ready for sea a week hence
The Brooklyn will not be armed for the
voyage. to Manila at the Brooklyn yards
Such work as is necessary will be done at
Norfolk, whence she will sail in a we^k
or so. .She and the New Orleans will
probably travel in company. Two en
KILLED BY A BULLET
INTENDED FOR ANOTHER
Mrs, Rudolfo Martinez Fatallu Shot by a
Mexican at El Cajon While Acting
as Peacemaker.
SAX DIEGO, Oct. 10.— El Cajon was the 1
scene of another murder to-day, and, as i
in the case of the last killing there, the
murderer immediately started to escape |
Into Mexico. This time It is a -nan's i
life that has been taken, Mrs. P.udolfo [
Martinez, aged 30, having been killed by
Andres Verdugo while attempting to pro- :
tect Verdugo's wife from his assaulrs.
Verdugo ls a Mexican, 2Q years old, who j
j has been In trouble on numerous occa
i sicns." Only a few months ago he was '
; tried in the Superior Court for horse steal- j
j ing, but the jury failed to convict him. :
| He has been arrested several times within :
i the past few years for petty larceny com- !
! mitted in El Cajon Valley. Verdugo is j
! considered a hard character and is pos- i
j sessed of a violent temper. For some 1
i months past Verdugo has been living with i
| a youns woman who is known in El Cajon j
Jas his wife. They were employed at |
| various ranches in rhe neighborhood. For j
; the past day or two Mrs. Verdugo has I
be<*n living at the ranch of Kudolfo Mar
tinez, three-fourths of a mile from EI
Cajon, while Verdugo was employed in
picking grapes.
Th. - afternoon about 5 o'clock he went
to the Martinez ranch to see hla wife,
and almost immediately began to quarrel
signs were detached from the Chicago
yesterday and ordered to sail on the
Brooklyn as passengers to Manila-
Naval Constructor Bowies Is fitting the
Buffalo into a flrst-class passenger ship
to take the families of officers in the
Philippine fleet to Manila. Accommoda
tions for women and children are being
put in and the ship is being made vtry
comfortable.
OTIS TELLS OF THE
ADVANCE ON MALABON
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— The "War De
partment has received the following dis- .
patch from General Otis, dated Manila,
October 10:
"General Schwan's column moved
early this morning from Santa Cruz de
Malab< a and is now believed to be In San
Francisco de Malabon, not —.—*".. -. very
determined resistance. Matters quiet ta
Imus section. General Young, with col
umn. starts northward to-morrow morn
ing from San Fernando. Colonel Bell
cleared country yesterday west cf Gua
gua to and Including Florida Blanca. mak
ing capture of officers, men and prop
erty." _
NAVY'S PART IN THE
BACOOR ENGAGEMENT
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— The Navy De
partment has received the -wing
cablegram from Admiral Watson:
MANILA Oct. 10.— Secretary of the
Navy. Washington: On October 3 landed
at Eacoor, company of bluejackets and a
company of marine* from the Baltimore
and a company ofrnartnes from the navy
yard to co-operate with General Grant
and clear the insurgents from his front.
The movement was perfectly successful.
Three men from the Baltimore were
wounded, namely: Edward Ray, fireman,
first class: Charles Henry Scott. fireman,
second-class, and John Thompson Clark,
landsman. All doing well and will -- -
cover. WATSON.
■Killed by a Bhiaocsros.
MOMBASA. Zanzibar Coast. East Af
rica. Oct. 10.— A report has reached here
V!QJ /
If We make our Overcoats 1 ]
I I Every- overcoat we sell is made by 11
I I us. The guarantee we give with our 11-
-| % overcoats is so binding that we want I 1
U 1 to be sure of what we guarantee. / m
» J We want the overcoats good for our MS
%X sake and for the customer's sake. MM
Mm Our fall overcoats are rich, tasty, I m
I 1 neat and seasonable. We show -a \ \
m 1 great many shades. of patterns. 1 I
a I The assortment is composed of IS
| I cheviots, kerseys/ coverts, meltons, J 3
I I oxfords and vicunas. §
* I Our prices, which run from $12 50 fig
m I to $25, are a saving for you. 1 ■
a 1 Are we right? Just investigate. \l
i m We have an elegant line of Prince Al- II
a g berts, all silk lined .and made of imported m $
IS * vicuna — tit like custom-made garments. Ask mjf
j* Boys' Middy Suits, 11
1 & In blue and mixtures, some with large sailor Mm.
\ M collars, others with the short collars and silk- <^ij
I I faced lapels; aces 3to 10 years; an excellent I X
J 1 $2.75 a suit. I fi
II @5 S.N.WOOD aCO (@1 Ji
ff B -7JO MARKET ST N^tO^/ OJj
TO 19 Out-of-town orders filled— writs us. ajf
-with her. finally drawing a revolver and
firing four shots at her.
Mr?. Martinez ran between Verdugo and
his- wife while he was firing, receiving the
fifth duller in her right breast. As she
fell dead Verdugo turned and fled, escap
ing from the place on his own hors»,
which he had ridden to the ranch. The
only persons on the ranch at the time of
the shooting were Mrs. Verdugo, Mr?.
Martinez and the latter's five small chil
dren, the youngest only ten months old.
Mr- Verdugro had not be-?n stmck by
any of the builet.=? tired by her husband,
and as soon as her husband left the prem
ises she notified a neighbor of the crime.
Constable Martin and a physician from
EI Cajon were soon at the scene of the
shooting 1 . Mrs. llartine:, however, had
been Instantly Wiled, and upon the return
of the physician to town he notified Coro
ner "Woodward by telephone. The tetter
will go out to-morrow and hold an in
quest. It was learned at t.:.TO o'clock to
night—or an hour and fifteen minuter
after the killing— that Verdugo had been
seen _.-. 1 point i short distance from
Sweetwater Dam, going in the direction of
Tia Juana. Officers at Nestor were notified
and Constable 11 UT_ " believes that Ver
dugo will in all probability be captured
before morning.
that Dr. Kolb, the well-known German
traveler, has b*»en killed near Lake Ru
dolph by a rhinoceros.
TO ADVANCE INTEREST
ON GOVERNMENT BONDS
Plan cf Secretary Vanderlip to Put
More Money Into General
Circulation-
WASHINGTON. Oct. 10.— Assistant
Secretary Vanderlip has decided to antici
pate the interest for the entire fiscal year,
the period ending with July 1, 11W0. The
interest due November 1 will be paid in
full without discount, but if holders of
bonds wish to take advantage of the offer
to anticipate interest due on subsequent
dates a discount at the rate of two-tenths
of one per cent will be exacted.
The amount of interest due from now to
the end of the fiscal year is about $.10,
--000,000; The prepayment of this amount
will, it is believed, be a relief of much
Importance to the present stringent
money situation, while on the other hand
the discount will be a saving of a large
amount to the Government. The Treas
urer is in a position to advance these In
terest payments' without the .east em
barrassment.
The interest November 1 is made
up of the 3 per cent loan of IS9S and the
as of 1904 ar.d the 4s of 1925 L There is
Jl.6oo.SfiO coupon interest which will be
payable at ali sub-treasuries October 3 —
the books for the registered bond 3of 1304
and 1525 io not close until the 15th. The
checks for the interest on those registered
bonds will be mailed October 25. and the
checks for the interest on the registered j
3s will be mailed October 23. The total
prepayment of November interest ls
$ i 4J6jI i 2_^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^!
Must Se Vaccinated.
STOCKTON, Oct. i -a- ■ -.--• of I
the board of managers of the Stockton
State Hospital to-day Medical Superin- !
tendent Asa Clark was ordered to see that
all patients and attendants were vac
cinated. The order was made in response i
- ide In re*
to the order of the State Board of Health.
An order was also posted instructing the'
female attendant? to appear in the unl
forma of the pattern adopted by the Lv- '■
racy Commission.
APVE3TT.-iT.ItTT;~fTS-
Our
Big
Gift
Day,
TO-DAY,
October 11.
j
A one-pound package of
Mustavit Coffee given FREE
with every purchase of 50
cents or over.
f3_ /\g -
V >^949-951^ MARKfeTSI
' M •— " H__T-ta_nAl_ BROS. — — •
_IB_^_^C_> ''** i
A CONDITION AND NOT A
THEORY
confronts the fastidious nan that haa
soiled linen and don't know where he
■ can have it laundered without injury
j and in an irreproachable manner. We
j can relieve his mind right now by as-
j suring- him that his shirts, collars and
j cuffs didn't look better when first pur-
! chased than they do when sent home
! from the United States Laundry.
"No saw edges."
United States Laundry. Off!c3
1004. Market Street.. '*
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF TH-J
QUEEN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NE - ' TOBK, IN THE STATS OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
IS3B. and for the year ending on tiiat day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State cf California, pursuant to the provision*
cf Sections 810 and Cl of the Political Code,
condensed as per black furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash - $500,000 M
ASSETS. _ -/.
Real Estate tied by Company TT_. — a a
Loan* en Bends and Mortgages
Cash Market Value of all Stock— and
' Bonds owned by Company 3,434,521 S4
Amount of Loans secured by pled*— i
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral......
I Cash in Company's Office I_~* 23
Cash la Banks 102.303 _
Interest due and accrued on all
Stacks i- '. Loan* _ ♦..)_ 37
Interest due and accrued on Bocda
! an.i Mortgage* ...........
' Premiums to due Course of Collec-
; tion -• . - 33.580 51
Bill 1 ' receivable, not matured, takea
for Fire and Marine Risks....--.-.. 23 5a
Bents due and accrued 3,5*9 H.
i Due from Aher Companies for —.:-•
surance on leases already paid 4 48
Total Asset* - 34.5CT.340 Ti
LI ABILITIES.
Lease* adjusted and unpaid ... »57,~0 a
i Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense - 53. 357 TI
I Lcsse* resisted. Including expenses.. 37,103 45.
; Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
' ning one year or leas. 31.330,0-3 77;
reinsurance 50 per cent HE, X* TZ
' Gros* premiums oa Un Risk* run-
ning more than one year. JLfflS.-
-225 81: reinsurance pro rata . 3*7,723 _
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. J :
, reinsurance 100 per cent ......
' Gross premiums en Marine Tim*
Risks. $__— ; reinsurance 50
per cent ;**••- ."____."
Due and accrued for salaries,
rent, etc -• • • •„• — 1i.33*
All other demands again* the Com-
pany .....-..---•••-•-••— 118.497 71
Total Liabtlltie* .31.344.3-5 a
___.
! Net Cash actually received (tar Fir-
premium". ...--..... ..»_-**.3M 27
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums £r~~_ •:
Here. tar interest on Bonds and
Mortgage* ......
Received for Interest and dividends
or. Bands. Stocks. Loans and fmm
all other sources ...„ 122. 43
Received for Rents *,224 *>
Total Income ..31.999.334 H
EXPEND IT I.' HE?.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
{including- 3144."; 43. losses of pre-
vious years) j 31.-90.373 '»
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including » . losses of
previous years
Dtvidends to Stockholders 100, 09
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 309.74113
Paid for Salaries Fees tad other
charges for officers, clerks, etc IS" 133 S3
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 51.843 71
All other payments and expenditures U3.331 73
Total Expenditure* -. J1.558.57-. 89
: - . ■
Fire.
Losses incurred during- the year.. ..St 078. Ml 80
Risks and Premiums. !Flre Risks, j Premium*.
Net amount ot Risks vj ■..•■•'
written luring the i
year $223,268,210 'C.7". 901 «
Net amount of Risks
expired during- the '
year 220.373.733 2.43L132 OS
Net amount In force!
Deo"- ber SL IS3B 1 255.3 C..-31 | 3,013.233 -.%
JAS. A. MACDONALD. Pre*.
' G. W. BURCHELL. Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this wth
day of January. 1599.
T. LIVINGSTONE KENNEDT.
Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST _EPA3T3__ST :
ROLLA V. WATT. Manager,
N.W. Corner Piss and Sa_3oniB Sis-,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Pacific Coast Department— Alaska. ■Washing-
ton. Oregon, Montana. Idaho, Nevada. Utah.
Arlzona. California and the H_i-»a-_iaa *«i-Ln,<»,
As-icies averywheir
34
WIFE MURDERED
IN A HOWARD
STREET SALOON
Charles Richardson
the Slayer.
m
PERHAPS IN SELF-DEFENSE
DEAD WOMAN WIELDED HEAVY
BUNG-STARTER.
4
Neighbors and Witnesses Say tho
Pair Were Constantly Quarrel
ing and the Killing Was
the Result.
Charles Richardson, keeper of a low
saloon at 948 Howard street, ended a long
series of family quarrels last night by
killing his wife, Ellen . Richardson. The
scene of the murder was Richardson's
saloon, the weapon with which It was
done a 3S-caliber bulldog revolver of ob
solete pattern, the bullet from which en-
red the dead woman's head at the left
temple, killing her Instantly.
The murderer was placed under arrest
by Officer Askew, who arrived on the
scene a few seconds after the fatal shot
was fired. John J. Brownlee, who re
cently returned from Manila In the Gov
ernment transport service, was the sole
witness to the affair, and was also taken
into custody. The stories of the two men
differ widely upon certain points, but
both agree that the shooting was done
In self-defense. A heavy iron bung
starter, which was lying at the dead
woman's side, when Officer Askew arrived,
In a measure bears out their contention.
Concerning the affair Brownlee said;
"Richardson and his wife had been
quarreling till the evening over trivial
family affairs. They, in fact, spent most
of their time quarreling, and orr three or
four occasions Mrs. Richardson has bad
her husband arrested on different charges.
She had him- arrested about . five weeks
ago for beating her, but later had him
released. They got pretty angry, and
finally Mrs. Richardson told her husband
he could quit her whenever he wanted to
and he said it would take little to make
him do it.
"With that;" continued Brownlee, "she
picked up the bungstarter and said
, I'll beat your brains out, but made
no atlvance toward him. Richardson pulled
his gun from his coat pocket, and l shoved
it aside and told him not to be a fool.
Ills wife was landing at the end of the
bar and he was behind It. Then she
waved the bungstarter at him again and
he red. That was the only shot fired,
but -it killed her Instantly. She dropped
where she stood."
According to Brownlee's further story,
Richardson then placed the gun to his
own lead and was about to take his life
when Brownh c jumped across the bar and
held his hand, telling him at the same
time that there was no need of it, as his
wife w as still alive. Richardson shoved
the gun at him and told him to gel back,
at the same time saying, "1 could not help
it: 1 had to do It."
At this point Officer Askew came in and
Richardson threw his gun under the bar
and submitted to arrest. At the police
station he said In his own defense that
his wife precipitated the quarrel that re
sulted in her death, and that she attacked
him and struck him with the bungstarter
which v. is Found at her side. He said
he warded off the. first blow, but that
"she fame at him again," and in self-de
fense he was "obliged to fire."
Neighbors of the pair say that they
were constantly lighting, and that some
times one and sometimes the other x,<>'.
the best nf their hand to hand encounters,
and that the tragic end last night was
only to be expected. Richardson was for
merly a whaler and had the reputation of
being a brutal man among the men. of his
crew, and since he bought his saloon last
May he ha earned the me reputation
among his customers. Both he and his
wife were hard drinkers and disturbing
elements In the community. -
CALIFORNIA NOT YET
TO BE QUARANTINED
CONSUMPTIVES NOT BARRED
FROM THE COAST.
State Board of Health Rejects All
Propositions to Close the Gates
of the State.
The project to quarantine California
against consumptives of other States is a
dead issue. Last night's meeting of the
State Board of Health at. the Grand Hotel
settled that proposition, despite a long
and- excellently prepared paper In support
of the a sure which was read by Dr.
Crowley, the drafter of the original reso
lution.
Dr. Crowley's original resolution, which
shut out from the benefits of California's
altitudes and climate the sick of every
Other State (if the Union, gave way to a
resolution which accomplished nothing
under present conditions and Which meant
nothing of any .moment to any one to
whom climate and California might mean
anything.
Dr. Bazet of this city stood as the
champion of the sick and did so strongly.
He said that not a country In Europe, -not
a State in the Union, bad ever attempted
to close its gates to those who might have
need to enter, and he for one would not
he the first of all the world to vote for
such a measure. With this extreme view
Dr. Buggies agreed. Dr. .Matthews took
the middle position that he was not at
the time prepared to vote for so radical a
proposition, but at the same time would
not say that he might not do so at a fu
ture opportunity, lie thought the com
promise resolution offered by Dr. Crow
ley was a step In the right direction and
would vote for that, providing no mention
of quarantine was included. Dr. Nutting,
the. president, took that stand, and when
the resolution came to a vote It was car
ried unanimously.
Dr. Crowley's resolution accomplished
one thing— segregation of tuberculous
patients- from the non-tuberculous in all
State Institutions. It reads as follows:
Resolved, That the California Board of
Health considers tuberculosis to be a dan
gerously infectious disease, acquired prin
cipally through the Inhalation of desiccated
tuberculous sputum and. to a lesser degree,
by the means of tuberculous milk and meat!
Resolved. Whereas tuberculosis Is the
means of causing- frcm. one-seventh to one
fifth of all the deaths In California cities
that the State Hoard of Health shall con
tinue its investigations further for the pur
pose of suggesting to the State and local
authorities sanitary regulation's that will
materially decrease the mortality from
tuberculosis, also that li (the State" Hoard)
will as expediently as possible carry into
effect any sanitary law of which ft lias
control 'that may be the means of lessening
the ravages '•: the disease.
Resolved, That it is the opinion of th*
State Hoard of Health that the great number
of tuberculous people entering our State
and congregating in our cities which have
little or no sanitary regulations ls a menace
to the health and lives of non-tuberculous
persons: and
Resolved further,^ That the board recom
mends that In all State Institutions Where
people are confined the tuberculous people be
segregated In a separate maid or building
tram the non-tuberculous.
Pears*
No other soap in
the world is used so
much ; or so little of
it goes so far.
SUIT AGAINST
THE ARCHBISHOP
Heirs of Hannah Smith
Dissatisfied.
-m .
DEEDED AWAY HER PROPERTY
— — ♦ .
SAID TO HAVE . BEEN INFLU
ENCED BY A PRIEST.
' _♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 10.- Edward Nolan.
Mary A. Loughmane, Lucy Deegan and
thirty-six other nieces and nephews of
Hannah Smith, deceased, to-day began
suit in the Superior Court against Patrick
W. Rlordan. Archbishop of the diocese of
San Francisco of the Roman , Catholic
Church, to recover possession of about
$60,000 worth of property deeded to the
church prior to the death of decedent
Mrs. Smith, who was the widow of
Thomas P. Smith, died In this county on
January 4, 1894. Up to her death she was
a communicant of St. .Patrick's Church. in
this city, presided over by Father P. J.
Dowling. On June 28, 1887, seven years
before her. death, she deeded to Father
Dowling 460 acres of land on the road be
tween Alviso and Milpitas and lots 5, 6
and ' In Dathrop's Adidtion, on Thir
teenth and Charles streets. The deed was
recorded two years later.
The complaint alleges that Father
Dowling was for a long time prior to Mrs.
Smith's making the deed the intimate and
confidential friend and associate and spir
itual adviser as well as confessor of Mrs.
Smith; who was an ardent and zealous
religionist of the Roman Catholic Church.
It states that at all times .Mrs. Smith
was absent from her home she was In
soeietv if Father Dowling, seeking ad
vice and guidance in spiritual and tem
poral matters; that said Father Dowling
with design sedulously taught and In
structed Hannah Smith that if she would
give her estate to him In trust for the
church it- would greatly elevate her In
the esteem of the church and assure her
salvation in the world to come. It is
also alleged that at the time of her death
she was possessed Of personal property
consisting of horses and cattle and $5000
In money, which Father Dowling took
possession of.
Plaintiffs allege that said deed of con
veyance was in the nature of a trust and
without valuable consideration, and was
Intended by Mrs. Smith simply to invest
title in her property to Father Dowling
and the Catholic church until her death,
and state that up to her demise she had
undisturbed possession of the property.
Father Dowling died on January 12, 1894,
a few days after Mrs. Smith's death, and
the complaint states it Is believed that
hip death resulted from the effects of a
severe cold caught while attending Mrs.
Smith's funeral. Two days before his
death Father Dowling deeded the prop
erty to Patrick W. Riordau for the Cath
olic church.
The complaint further states that
for some time plaintiffs have been try
ing to effect a settlement with Archbishop
Rlordan, and that at one time Attorney
G R B. Haves, counsel for the Arch
bishop, offered the heirs 60 per cent of all
the property left by said Hannah Smith
In settlement of their claims, and they ac
cepted the same, but during the past two
months Archbishop Rlordan has refused
to keep his word in regard to the settle
ment. . . , .-.
The plaintiffs pray that judgment be
given them for the land and property and
Income of same and whatever relief may
be lust. The attorneys In the case are
H. V. Morehouse, D W. Gillett, J. D,
Sullivan send Herbert Choynski.
a lis pendens against the property has
been filed In the County Recorder's office. i
ITALIAN FAIR AN
ASSURED SUCCESS
The Bazaar in Aid of Sts. Peter and
Paul Church Opens Under Auspi
cious Circumstances.
Washington Square Hall has been con
verted Into a veritable fairyland by the
fair members of Sts. Peter and Paul
Church. Beautifully decorated booths and
pretty girls dressed in parti-colored cos
tumes were attractive features at the ba
zaar which was opened on Monday by
Mayor Phelan. The fair was planned and
carried into execution by the members of
the well-known Italian church, and gives
every promise of being the success that
Its inductors look for.
The funds derived from the. bazaar are
to be used in a worthy cause. With the
money thus obtained the debt on the
church will be materially decreased and
the work of the Saleslitn Fathers among
the youths of this city will be advanced.
A number of prettily decorated booths
meet the visitors' eyes as they enter the
hall. In the center is the Neapolitan
booth, which is decorated in the Italian
colors and over which is a huge Japanese
umbrella surrounded by Chinese lanterns. :
The Japanese booth, a symphony In bam
boo, lanterns and chrysanthemums, makes
one of the most inviting nooks In the hall.
The young ladies In charge are attired In
the' costume of the country they repre
sent and make a pleasing picture.
The children of the Mary's. St. Rose's,
Santa Lucia's and refreshment booths are
prettily decorated and add color to the
Interior. The following ladies are In
charge of the various booths:
Children of Mary Booth— Presided over by
th» members of the sodality, assisted by Mrs.
Cervelli Miss B. Deneerl. Miss Katie Cam
uodonlco Miss Ida Glaocchio, Mis? L. Buero,
Miss A Solari, Miss S. Filetti, Miss C. Porno,
Miss J. Marlni, Miss A. Plnaglla and Miss E.
Qrandona, „ ..... ,
Santa Lucia Booth— Mrs.* Cagllerl, Mesdames
M Cervelli. A Bertuccl, T. Ghlbaudi, E. Fer
rea C Garibaldi, K. Quillet, M. Canessa, K.
Quartarraro. L. Monti, C Eidenmuller, E.
Bacigalupl. Misses T. Cnsassa, L. Sehenone, P.
Slml M Gehrels. R. Frapoll, A. Lambruschinl,
.1 sin. I K. Ollva, L. Lata. S. Martlnolli, C.
R.zzl, A. Ghlbaudi and A. Cagllerl.
St Rose's Booth— Mrs. • Dr. Masoero, Mes
dames L. J. Watson, H. Peraszl, A. Perazzl,
Misses I. Garbarino, R. Cunso, Erlzzoiari. <:.
Borlinl. C. Chlchleola, A. Arata. M. Olcese.
M Stevenot, F. Bacigalupl, Pernzzl, E. I-er
toi-a and E. Beronio. .—__,
Journal Booth— Mrs Dr. Peseta, Miss Frank
Mahon Miss Jennie. Peseta. Miss Katie Scblaf-
Bno Masters T. Peseta and G. Ollva.
Neapolitan Booth— Miss ]•". Bcatena, Mrs. L.
Bteflanl, Misses S. Tonlnl, M. Clinton. B.
Beretta,' 11. Rue r. J. O'Neil. Julia O'Neil,
Dollle Barbarl, Stella Patraechl, 11. Merlo and
Cora Beretta.
Santa Cecelia's lee Cream and Bonbonniere—
Mrs A Bpadlna, Misses i,. P)mdina. J. Lienor
man'd 'A. Cavalll, M. Crimme. B. Gleason,
<^ Fc'rn«-r B CJuneo, IT. Schroeder. J. Call
niurio A.' Spa-Mao, M. Wood. M. Smith, K.
Tonlnl, I. Malm. C, 1/emeria. E. Tonlnl, A. Mc
ciare. E. Cuneo, A.- Maclure. G. Murphy, Guiz
zala sisters and Walsh sisters.
Grab Bag— Mrs. Mosca, Mrs. Danert, Mrs.
Bran Misses A. Devlneenzi, A. Barbagelata,
M. Valenzlano. L. Ferrea, G. Slmi nnd Z.
Bin!---. .yy-y
Japanese Tea Garden— Mrs. J. L. Vaienti.
Mrs. G. Giustl. Misses S. Patron, 1.. N. Beau
mont K. Casasaa and N. Blancht.
Chttosa Booth— Mrs. F. Brill and a host of
friends. >;-;?"T '■■'•.
■ ♦ ■
STANFORD'S VAUDEVILLE.
Stanford Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West never gives "a" public en
tertainment that it does not make it an
attractive one. It has now under way a
grand vaudeville entertainment, which Is
to have In it a Dumber of most Interesting
features. One of these is to be a grand
ballet with a premier, secundas and a full
corps of coryphees, and A. F. Schleicher,
who is to be the general manager of the
entertainment, says that the members of
the corps are "young, handsome and
graceful." Another feature will be vocal
and Instrumental music by the Stanford
University glee and mandolin club, and
Still another 'will be vocal selections by
Miss Millie Flynn, the favorite soprano.
Then there is to be a Cakewalk on a scale
that has never before been presented. All
this is to occur In Native Sons' Hall on the
night of the 20th inst.
» » ■
Illicit Opium Seized.
Customs inspector Cleary yesterday ;
morning seized sixty tins of domestic
opium in the freight department of the j
Southern Pacific Company at the corner
of Fourth and Townsend streets. The |
drug had been consigned to a Chinaman
in Idaho. The stuff had been manufac- j
tured In some illicit factory In this city
or near by. It has been confiscated and i
will be sold for the benefit of the Gov- j
eminent.
THE SAIN FKANCISCO CALL- WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, IS**".
WILL CONNECT,
ALASKAN CITIES
Telegraph Line Planned
to Juneau.
TO BE READY NEXT FALL
* .
PROMOTERS OF THE SCHEME
HAVE A GOOD BACKING.
BY h|f.L HOFFMAN.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Oct. 5 (via Seattle,
Wish., Oct: 10).— The year 1900 will bring
•otuiderable telegraphic . development to
Alaska. This city will in all probability
lave telegraphic communication with the
.vorld at large by next fall and with
Skaguay early next spring. In fact,
Juneau will be in telegraphic touch with
he rest of mankind just as soon as Daw
son and Skaguay.
Robert L. Moore, chief inspector of the
Western Union office at Victoria, B. C,
representing a company to be known as
the British Columbia and Alaska Tele
graph Company, has been here several
lays working up the project. Mr. Moore
proposes to use the Edison phonoplex sys
.em, laying a cable from Juneau to Skag
jay, a distance of 100 miles, over which it
s said .he. phonoplex system will work
eery satisfactorily, lt is proposed to have
he cable In operation next March. Mr.
Moore wants the business interests of Ju
ieau to subscribe to take a total of $10,000
worth of coupons, good for that much
>usin< over the line, the coupons to be
lelivered and paid for when tne cable is
n successful operation. He is meeting
ivith encouragement.
The Canadian Government has already
completed a telegraph line from Lake
Bennett to Dawson and from Taglsh to
Atlin City, where an Office has been
>pened. An appropriation of $400,000 has
men made for the purpose of stringing a
.vire from Quesnelle, on the Eraser River,
.'OO miles north of Ashhroft, B. C, to At
m, and cords of wire are now said to be
piled v.[> at Ashcroft. As early next
spring as possible two gangs of men will
••■ put to work, one at the Quesnelle end
md the other at the Atlin, and they are
expected to meet where in the in
terior next fall and- join wires. Thai mo
ment Juneau; Skaguay and Dawson will
ease to be Isolated places of the north,
rhey will, so far as communication is con
denied, be just as close to New York and
London as Seattle or San Francisco.
The Dominion Government will use sev
eral hundred miles of the old telegraph
trail and survey, which was a Jay Gould
md Western Union scheme to put an over
land wire through Siberia to St. Peters
burg and Europe. This was defeated by
the completion of the Cyrus W. Field ca
ble across the Atlantic. Several million
dollars were lost and tons of wire were
left on the ground. Some of it is there
yet.
Some speculation has been Indulged in
here and at Skaguay already as to the
combined press rate to be charged by the
several lines. From Juneau the British
Tolumbia and Alaska Telegraph Company
will probably ask one cent a word to
Skaguay, according to Mr. Moore. The
White Pass and Yukon line to Bennett, or
ragish. must have something, and that
may be another cent. Then the Dominion
Government will probably want at least
a. cent for the long jump from Tagish to
Asia toft, and just to keep things uniform
ii, Western Union or other company that
led vers the stuff to its destination in the
States may fix its slice at one cent. This
makes 4 cents a word, or $4 per 100 words—
which rate must be considerably lowered.
->r there will ■■ ■■'■■]•■ lie very little press
matter get overland. The commercial rate
wai proDably we oik enough at birth to
stand alone.
G. B. Bwinehart of Juneau, the well
known newspaper man of Alaska, was in
the field here several weeks ahead of Mr.
Moore with a subscription paper for an
overland line, to be ready In a year, be
tween Juneau and Skaguay. and secured
about 18000 in subscriptions. . The Swine
hart proposition has interfered with the
British Columbia and Alaska Company,
but one or the other of the lines will
doubtless be stretched next year.
JORDAN'S
COLORS
LOWERED
The English Feather-Weight
Champion Knocked Out
in Sixteen Rounds,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW FORK, Oct. la.— the Lenox
Athletic Club to-night Eddy Bantry of
Chicago knocked out Ben Jordan, feather
weight champion of England, after a lit
tle jess than two minutes it: the six
teenth round of a very brisk fight. Until
the knockout Jordan was far ahead on
points, but Santry's blows were truer to
the mark and won him the battle. The
little Englishman made a game fight, but
only upheld his standing as a boxer.
Bantry made the fight of his life and
proved one the greatest surprises of
the season. He showed excellent ring
generalship. Santry had a slight advan
tage in height Jordan was a 2 to l fa
vorite. Santry having few backers.
«. —
Broke Bicycle Records
BROCKTON, Mass., Oct. 10.— Both Ed
die McDuffic and Ben Munroe, the latter
from Memphis, Term., broke world's rec
ords at the track here to-day, McDufiie
lowering the time for from one to live
miles, and Munroe from Aye to twenty
three miles inclusive. McDufiie rode his
first two miles in less than three minutes
ami his last in 1:21. Munroe changed
from his own motor triplet to McDuflle's
steam motor. He finally had to quit after
riding twenty-five miles, as his wheel
gave out. McDufiie rode his first mile in
1:30; two miles in 2:58; three miles, 4:23;
four miles, 5:51 3-5, and five miles in
7:12 3-5.
Munroe's time by miles after the fifth
mile follows: Sixth, 0:48: seventh, 11:32 3-5;
eighth, 13:14 1-5; ninth, 14:48 1-5* tenth,
16:22 4-5; fifteenth. 24:41; twentieth
33:16 2-5.
Stanford Wins.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 10.— The football game
to-day between the University of the Pa
cific and Stanford teams was won by
Stanford. Score. 11 to 0.
McKENZIE'S DEFENSE.
Motion for Acquittal Denied by the
Court.
SUisUN, Oct. 10.— In the trial of Ex-
Sheriff McKenzie, the defense opened this
morning by calling G. A. Gribbs, who tes
tified as to hearing Cook make certain
threats regarding Walters. Witness sent
to Jesse Walters Informing him of Cook's
threats.
Frank O'Brien followed with testimony
to the effect of having met Cook In Sacra
mento and hearing him state he would
"fix" Walters.
Louis Walters, son of Jesse Walters,
gave evidence to the effect that he saw
three pistols In Cook's possession. H.
HolHtigsworth, 11. IT. Colby of the . San
Francisco police force. Attorney 11. W.
Barstow, F. Porreo, H. A. Brownlle. and
Rod McKenzie were also called and testi
fied for th*» defense. t - -.-,
This afternoon Attorney Grove L. John
son made a motion for acquittal on the
ground that there was no evidence
against the defendant. The motion was
promptly, dented. . • .-•'
-♦-
Tress Uprooted.
PASADENA. Oct. Another element
to devastate the forests of Southern Cali
fornia has made itself felt. Game War
den C. W. Winston has returned from a
mountain trip and reports that the wind
of last Friday uprooted many trees. Never
has this happened before, though fierce
winds have blown. The reason Is that the
dry season has killed or weakened' the
roots. The trees uprooted are mostly eld
ers and willows, that have to depend on
water. * :•-•'- ; " •• '- .:■;> ;■:• :
T_7 .' * '
It Is neither the cat nor water only
husks, husks, husks. "Keith's." . •
FLAMES SWEEP
TOWN OF MOJAVE
But One Business House
Is Standing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MOJAVE, Oct. 10.— A fire which started
at S o'clock last night totally destroyed j
the business portion of this town. One
store remains, but not a saloon, hotel or
lodging-house except the one run by Fred
Harvey at the depot. The brick building
occupied by A. A slier, merchant, and W.
C. Wilson, druggist, was destroyed by
two explosions of giant powder. Prac
tically nothing was saved from the sa
loons, stores and hotels.
The fire started in the Southern Pacific
freight sheds and the wind, blowing at ]
sixty miles an hour, carried the fire
across the wide street and started fires-
In the frame structures on the main
thoroughfare. The railroad company
succeeded in saving the depot hotel build
ings. Cows, horses and dogs were burned
but no human lives were lost. The fire
is supposed to be of Incendiary origin.
The property loss is between $50,000 and
160,1 with light insurance.
The Postal telegraph office is destroyed, I
but the operators are sending messages j
from the tops of telegraph poles.
The losses are as follows: Ischlnger & !
Hunter, saloon, $3000, no insurance: A. C. l
Clark, butcher, $1000. no insurance; Van !
Breeseen, saloon, $3000; Van Breeseen's I
Bottling Works, $5000. no insurance; W. |
C. Wilson, lumber yard, $1000, no Insur- i
ance; A. Asher, merchant. $1500, insur
ance $1000; W. C. Wilson, druggist. $4000,
insurance not known; postoffice de
stroyed, $2000, no insurance; W. C. Wil
son's brick building. $15,000, insurance not j
known; Postal Telegraph Company. $300.
insurance not known; J. H. Underhill I
block, consisting of saloon, corral, sta- I
bles and building. $13,000, insurance $7000; i
Mrs. Merrissey, dwelling house, $4000. no
insurance; Mrs. Preble, store building, I
$1500, no insurance; Y. Ickwo, restaurant
and building, $1000, no insurance; Nels E. I
Clows, residence, $1000, no Insurance; Mrs.
Perry, store. $1500, no Insurance; Los An
geles lodging house, $1000, no insurance.,
»
FLAMES THREATEN
BOHEMIAN GROVE
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 10.— Word was re
ceived here this afternoon from Guerne
ville that the. forest fires raging In. that '
section were heading for the famous Bo- j
hemian Grove, the beautiful spot pur- ;
chased by the Bohemian Club last year. j
The club's officers were communicated \
with and seventy-five men were put to |
work fighting the flames, with the result ;
that they are now practically under con
trol.
SAX JOSE, Oct. 10.— There was no wind
last night, and In some portions of the
gulches and mountains there was a good
deal of fog. As a result, the tire burning
near Wrights this morning* seemed to be
dying out. The fear now is that a high
wind this afternoon may drive it far and
wide again. A telephone message at noon
from Wrights said that there was still tire
in Austin Gulch and Soquel Canyon, but
SCOUT FERGUSON
BRAVEST OF ALL
© «- NOTEWORTHY figure in the ranks
A jl \\ of the returning regiment of Kan
'' W Wsas volunteers is Ferguson, private
■7 and scout. According to the stories
() told by members of the South Dakota
-it soldiers upon their return to this city
A from Manila, Ferguson is entitled to a
V very large ' share of the glory of the
* famous exploit accomplished -by . the
Q Kansans of crossing a swift and unford
-* able river In Luzon under the leadership
A of the intrepid Colonel (now General)
j£ Funston. When the Kansas' Regiment
* came to the river they found that the
Q bridge had been nearly destroyed and
-* that it was seemingly sure death to
A venture upon it. All the roadway of the
_£ structure had been torn up by the Flli
"^ pinos and all that remained of the super-
Q structure consisted of the narrow iron
•ie beams on either side, to which the floor-
A ing or roadway had originally been bolted.
V Upon the farther side of the river, the
■fc Filipinos were concealed, and occupied
A such a strong position that the deadly
_£ fire of their guns could sweep the bridge
"v clear of any person who tried to walk
0 across. The Filipinos evidently did not
-It anticipate the tactics of Ferguson. Strip-
A ping. himself, that his motions might be
V unimpeded and that he might have some
j chance to escape by swimming if he
Q should fall Into the river, Ferguson took
-it a rope arid crawled carefully out upon the
A side of the bridge farthest from the Fiji
v pinos. His progress was slow and the
"? bullets rattled dangerously near him, but
y he managed to gel across and actually
-fc escaped the notice of the Filipinos .when
A he had reached the land, so skillfully had
_, he managed the affair. He was able then
v to help his comrades over by the use of
Q the rope he find carried, they using rafts,
1/ which they pulled over by the rope. This
fc story differs from the story that came
A In th" dispatches to some extent, y
L but it Is derived from the testimony of eye-witnesses of the whole occurrence, *
T The South Dakotans said that Ferguson performed the most daring act of A
0 the Filipino war. V
that it was seemingly tinder control. The ;
fire is burning steadily toward Loma.
Prieta, but it Is difficult to get exact word,
as that section is remote from communi
cation. ... ,
What word goes out will probably reach
Watsonville first. Up to 12 o'clock to-day
no additional damage since last night had
occurred In the territory near Wrights.
The lire has spread north toward the
great basin section. Much timber has been
damaged, and if the fire gets a thorough
hold in the underbrush in the great basin
valuable commercial timber to a vast
amount may go.
There is no alarm at Los Gatos, as it
would be almost impossible for the fire to
reach that place, no matter how much it
might spread. Lumber men here who own
redwood forests In and near the great
basin are not alarmed, but so far to-day
no additional word has been received since
yesterday afternoon. This is construed to
mean that the, watchers have not found
it necessary to go out to telephone.
While some of the estimates of loss run
way up to half a million dollars, many
persons hold that this Is too great, since
most of the section burned over was
largely mountain brush. But startling
word of further spread and destruction of
redwood timber may come at any time if
a gale springs up.
«,
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
Pensions That Have Been Granted,
With Increases Thereof, and
Changes in the Army. .
WASHINGTON, D. C. Oct. 30.— Pacific
j Coast patents were granted to-day as fol
lows: California— Carroll X. Beal, San
Francisco, insulating support for electric
' wires; Calvin C. Bowen, Los Angeles, and
! C. R. Twltchell, Santa Monica, animal
trap (three patents); E. J. Crawford,
Campbell, pump for gasoline gas ma
chines; Frederick W. Dobbel, San Fran-
I cisco, typewriter attachment; James S.
Grant, ' San Francisco, propeller for yes
! sels; T. W. Ilelnzelman. Sacramento, lo
comotive ashpan; William O'Connor, Oak
'■ land, mangle; Clinton V. B. Reeder. San
i Jose, office Indicator; Elmer J. Shirley,
; EI Modena, haypress;' Charles S. Staf
ford, San Francisco (assignor of one-half
; to J. 11. Blakeway), ratchet drill; Peter
; A. Vellex, La Canada, book leaf or music
holder; Carrie A. Whitney, Los Angeles,
needle; Nelson Whittlesey, Los Angeles,
trunk-bending device.
Oregon— H. F. Kent, Eugene, lamp
bracket; James W. Newman, Plalnvlew,
i land roller. -  - ,
Washington— A. ; O. Bradenmeyer, Se
attle, lamp burner; Alfred Lee. New
Whatcom, gas engine.
| Army orders: By direction of the An-
NOTED HAWAIIAN
CHARACTER DIES
Passing of the Hon.
James Keau.
— __-»
ORGANIZED THE "SUN HEADS"
* - — — - '
SUCCESSFULLY FOUGHT THE
KING'S PARTY.
— __»
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
HONOLULU, Oct. 8. - Death has re
moved another prominent and interesting
Hawaiian character— Hon. James Keau.
In early life Keau amassed' cdnslderble
property as a taro planter and poi-maker.
He was active, intelligent and industri
ous, had a fair share of executive abil
ity, and, like so many of his race, was a
fluent and forcible speaker. Having as
sisted In the organization of the Poola
Society, he had considerable political in
fluence. This society of "sun-heads," so
called through .their working in the 'sun
hatless, is composed principally of the
longshoremen, stevedores and other man
ual laborers. It is this society which, in
quaint garb of imitation feather capes,
holds the ropes and draws the funeral
hearse of royalty or very distinguished
or much-beloved citizens. - ; ■
This special influence made him quite a
prominent leader among his people, who
first sent him to the Legislature some
twenty years ago. He served them faith
fully, but it was in 18S6 that his power
over the people stood out most prom
inently. This was the election in which
the final stand was made by the King
Kalakaua party against the missionary
element. It' was before the days of the
Australian, ballot system, and the
voting tickets were but little bits of col
ored pasteboard. Each party . fought
its hardest.
The King voted "his soldiers In; uniform,
and the missionary element had bogus
dollars with beehives- on them, cashable
at a certain store for goods on certain
conditions. Gin flowed like water, luaus
were abundant.' Each side counterfeited
the other's' ballots. The King's party
bought up and gathered in the bogus dol
lars, and bribery was triumphant.
. Keau brought his patty through victo
riously, and. • F. H. Hayselden, John T.
Baker, E. K. Ltlikani and Kean defeat
ed their opponents by a handsome ma
jority, and Walter Murray Gibson re
mained Premier In- spite of the Carter-
Castle- Waterhouse-Dole combination. The
result of this election, which nearly end
ed in a riot, was the overthrow of Mr.
Gibson in 1887 and the limitation of the
powers of the King by the new constitu
tion.
After the downfall Keau left the islands
for Tonga, but, Hawaiian like, he took
no necessary precautions for the . man
agement of his large estate, and on his
return, as a consequence, about two
years ago. he found that his estate had
vanished and he was but a poor man. His
funeral was attended by a very large
gathering of Hawaiian*.
Slstant Secretary of War Private Scott
Baurton, Twenty-eighth Infantry, Pre
sidio. San Francisco, having enlisted un- I
der false pretenses, will be discharged
without honor from the service of tho ;
United Stales. The following transfers of j
enlisted men of the signal corps are made:
First class Sergeant Edward M. Griffin .
will be sent to San Francisco; First class
Sergeant Charles B. Meyers will be sent ;
to San Francisco: Corporal Albert H.
Clarke, Third Artillery, San Diego bar- 1
racks, will be discharged from the ser- ;
vice of the United States by the com
manding officer of the station. Private
Harry Debman, Eleventh Cavalry, Pre- |
sidio, San Francisco, will be discharged
from the service of the United States;
Private Walter N. Hubbard, Battery E,
Third Artillery, Fort .Mason, is trans
ferred to the. hospital corps; Private
Harry G. Benson, Company F. Twenty
eighth Infantry, San Francisco, having
enlisted under false pretenses, will be j
discharged without honor from the ser
vice of the United States; Private Ed- j
ward (',. Porter, Troop G, Sixth- i
United Stales Cavalry, now at the Pre- j
sidio, San Francisco, will be discharged
without honor from the service.
The following named enlisted men will ■
be discharged from the service of the ■
United States by the commanding officers :
of their respective stations: Recruits
Henry Blickensderfer and Fred C. Far
rell. Eleventh Cavalry, U. B. V.; Joseph
J. McGuigan and Albert Wolvin. Fortieth
Infantry; August A. Albright. Manford
Johns. William E. Parkinson. Otto Red
den. Clinton C. Bedford, Thomas X. Wil
liamson and Clarence H. Weathers, gen
eral service, and Edwin A. Hiel. volun
teer infantry, unassigm d. Presidio, San
Francisco: Private George Johnson of.
Battery N. Third Artillery. Alcatraz bl
and. Acting Assistant Burgeon William
G. Gregory,. IT. 3. A., will proceed from
Cave In Rock. 111., to San Diego liar
racks, and Major Morton J. Henry of the
Thirty-second Infantry will proceed from
New York to San Francisco.
Pensions: California — Original — John
Buckhart. Watsonville, $12; Emil C.
Partsch, San Diego. $6; John E. Hobe.
Lincoln, $0; George C. F. Meyer, San
Francisco. $17. ; Original widows and
children— fit. Dratt, Santa
Rosa. $8; minor child, of William P. As
kow, Visalia, $10.
Oregon— lncrease— Jasper ! I.uher. Ore
town. 18 to $10.
Washington — Joshua P. Kinney, St.
Johns, $12. "^ -:'••'"■"'..' '.
♦ - j
Dsbs May Lecture Here. .
The local branch of the Social-Demo
cratic party, is using its efforts to induce
Eugene V. Debs, president of the Ameri
can Railway Union, to come to this coast
and deliver a series. of lectures. Mr. Debs
will probably speak here on the 31st Inst.
in Metropolitan Temple. As he is an agi
tator of influence and an able exponent of
Socialism the trades unions and Socialists
will join in giving him a hearty welcome.
HONOR ACCORDED
TO NAVAL HERO
Captain Chadwick Given
a Sword.
Special Disratch to The Call.
MORGANTOWN. W. Va., Oct. 10.-
Chadwick day was celebrated by 10.000
! people to-day. The weather was mag
nificent and country people came fortj
i and flftv miles overland. The special
! train with naval officers arrived at 6
I o'clock. A salute in honor of Admiral
Sampson was fired by the university
j cadets. In the party were Admiral I
i Sampson. Captain Chadwick and wife.
j Lieutenant C. C. Marsh and wife and j
Commander S. A. Staunton. Brigadier:
General. D. F. Splllman of Parkersburg,
W. Va,, was chief marshal of the parade.
I The procession was reviewed by
I the distinguished guests and then
dismissed. A meeting was called to
j order by Hon. G. Sturgls and Governor
| Atkinson presented the sword to Captain
1 Chadwick on behalf of the people of the
j State. Captain Chadwick was deeply |
' touched by the ovation accorded him and i
i replied as follows:
"Governor Atkinson: To say that I j
' come here. feeling deeply the kindness and ■
' honor bestowed by you is to exptess but |
' lightly the thoughts which fill my mind j
and heart ta being among the men and ;
! women and seeing the hills which were ;
! familiar scenes of boyhood. I thank j
I you for »-our splendid gift, the sentiment j
■ of which fulfills all to which I could ever ,
I aspire; for there is nothing in the lives of •
: men which can reach higher than the |
I honest, frank and spontaneous regard of ;
i those who knew them. This, I.know, is !
the limit of my own aspirations and I will
i say, for the comparatively small society
! of the navy In which I have passed most
; of my life that it is but rare to find an
officer whose first thought is not that of j
1 standing well with his fellow officers, to
have the good will, the esteem and honor!
■ of those who best know him.
"I accept the splendid gift. Governor
I Atkinson, which embodies the good will
Of so many kind friends, with heartfelt j
' gratitude; its possession binds me to the j
; highest tndeavor to fitly meet the ap- i
preciation, which you have so kindly j
dwelt upon."
The sword in dimensions corresponds !
I with naval regulations. The blade is of j
i the finest steel, decorated in gold, and
bears the following inscription:
"Presented to Captain French E. Chad
wick, October 10, 1899, by the citizens of
West Virginia."
On the reverse is a vignette of the
1 cruiser New York, with the words, "An
l ideal ship with an ideal captain," sur- j
rounded with a suitable ornamentation.
The scabbard is made of sterling silver, ']
' heavily oxidized and relieved by richly
carved decorations. Above the upper band j
Is the coat of arms of the State of Vir- I
ginia with the motto. At the tip of the
scabbard is a massive gold dolphin, with
. ruby eyes. All the metal parts of the
j belt and trappings are of solid gold and
sterling silver.
Hon. Joseph Morland was introduced
and spoke to the subject. "Our Guest."
He delivered a sterling summary of the
naval victories of the Spanish-American
war and accorded to Sampson much credit
for the splendid victory at Santiago.
Admiral Sampson replied in a few well
chosen words, thanking the people of
Morgnntown and of the State for their
hearty, words of welcome. At the close
of the address the assembled bands
played "America"'in unison, thousands of
voices joining in the air. After this an
impromptu reception was held, lasting for i
an hour. The naval officers will remain
here several days as the guests of friends. !
RIVER MYSTERY
STILL UNSOLVED
Additional Parts of a
Body Found.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— Interest In the
murder mystery growing out of the find
ing of the left thigh of a woman's body
on West Seventeenth street last Satur
day was greatly Increased this morning
by the discovery of what is believed to be
another portion of the same body on
the beach at Quarantine Station, Staten
Island.
John Heineman, 12 years old, while
walking along the beach at Quarantine
at 7 o'clock this morning picked up a
package wrapped In newspapers and Man
ila Wrapping paper. He opened It and
found a piece of a woman's body from
the waist to the neck. He reported the
case to Dr. Doty, .the State Health Offi
cer, who made an investigation and re
ported that the flesh seemed quite fresh
and appeared to have been in the water
but a snort time.
There was a cut about two inches long
over the right breast, but this was merely
a flesh wound, and Dr. Doty said it did
not indicate the cause of death. The cuts
were jagged, showing- that the head had
probably been hacked off and the arms
had been cut oft close to the shoulders in
a clumsy manner. The police were noti
fied and took charge of the finding and
removed it to police headquarters, whence
it was taken to the morgue for compari
son with the parts of a woman's body al
ready there. •
A name that looks like "J. J. Nunan"
and the laundry mark "J. J. X., 188,"
were discovered this morning on one of
the white skirts in a bundle of clothing
found in the basement of 219 West Fif
teenth street. This house is next door to
an areaway in which stood the ashcan
where -the right thigh of the murdered
woman was found. The letters forming
the name are not distinct.
They are partly washed out and blurred.
The "J. J. N." of the laundry mark Is dis
tinct, however, and is expected to had to
the identification of the owner. It will
then be easy to learn whether or not she
was connected In any way with the crime.
Chief of Detectives McClusky said this
morning that the ease was as complete a
mystery as ever; that no point that would
go toward establishing Identification had
been made, and that was the first thing
necessary. It was true, he said, that a
number of clews had been run down, but
the case stands just as It did at the first
finding of the part of the body.
The fragment found by voting Heineman
was examined at the Morgue by Coro
ner's Physician Weston, who says it un
doubtedly belongs to the other "two por
tions there.
Captain McClusky said this afternoon
that the bundle of clothing found in West
Fifteenth street belonged to a professional
nurse. « ■ • . ' • .
REV. H. H. BELL IS
FORMALLY INSTALLED
The United Presbyterian Presbytery
of San Francisco met in the First U. P.
Church, corner Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street, last night. The principal
business before the presbytery was the in
stallation of the Rev. 11. H. Bell, D.D., as
pastor of the First Church. Dr. George
McCormick of Salinas delivered the ser
mon. Dr. William H. French of East m
made an address, and the Rev. John C.
Lynn of San Jose pointed out to the con
gregation its duty to the new pastor.
Rev. .Mr. Bell begins his work under
promising auspices. Dr. Bell has for some
years been engaged In evangelical work
in the East. He. is one. of the ablest men
of the United Presbyterian^lenomlnatlon.
Escaped From a Reform School.
Arthur Otts, a boy of 18 years of age,
who escaped from the Prescott, Reform
School about eighteen months ago. was
arrested Saturday while at work in
Ames & Harris' factory and taken to the
C, i y Prison. gHe had been sent to the
school from Oakland. Judge Graham in
terested himself in the boy's case and en
deavored to get the- police to let him
alone, as he was earning an honest liv
ing. but they could do nothing and he
was sent back to the school yesterday.
CONTRACTS ARE
REPUDIATED
Immigrants Resort to
Technicalities.
TROUBLE AT HONOLULU
ISLANDS WILL SEND EXHIBIT
TO PARIS.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
HONOLULU, Oct. 3.-Trouble has al
ready been occasioned by the arrival of
the latest batch of European immigrants
those brought from Portugal by the
steamer Victoria. This morning nine of
the Spaniards, after spending a day or
two at their plantation near town, de
cided that, they did not like the work and
consequently quit and came into town.
They repudiate their contracts on the
grounds that they are Spanish subjects
and the contracts were made in Portugal
and are not binding upon them. For the
present this matter is being discussed be
tween the acting Vice Consul for Spain
and the plantation agents. ■■: ■
Another difficulty nas also arisen with
six Portuguese stowaways brought by tne
same ship. They were allowed to land on
condition that they would contract to
work on the plantation. They now re
pudiate their contracts on the ground that
they are minors. This affair is also re
ceiving consular investigation before pro
ceedings will be instituted. The outlook
is regarded as ominous even by conserva
tive men as tending to disparage the suc
cess of negotiations for European immi
gration, unless some means can be dis
covered to protect the planters after tho
arrival of the men and families who have
been brought here at their expense.. It is
thought that these two instances show
that advantage will be taken to obtain
tree passage to the islands, and then by
the repudiation of the contracts the ai
rivals will •■ do other work or steal or
starve rather than do the work for which
they have been engaged. ,'.*_..
It has now been definitely arranged that
Hawaii will exhibit at the Paris Exposi
tion as a territorial portion of the united
States. Hon. William G. Irwin, a promi
nent banker, will be the formal Commis
sioner to Paris, while Major George C.
Potter, secretary of the Foreign Office
and a member of the President's military
staff, will be the active local Commis
sioner. The merchants guarantee a fund
of $12,000 for expenses and the Govern
ment affords all the clerical help for col
lecting and arranging. " --•
Smaller shippers and retail dealers. are
becoming very much embarrassed by the
lack of freight steamer accommodation
from the coast, especially for perishable
goods. They claim that San Francisco
shippers inform them that it is impossible
to fill their orders owing to want of facili
ties for shipment. ■ • ' -;' .
The executive order in regard to public
lands and registration of vessels has
caused the merchants to ask by what
right President Dole still continues to col
lect, duties from importers for goods
shipped from the mainland here. There
is no Federal official to superintend the
collections, and to define them as muni
cipal taxation appears to be rather
stretching the limits of legal definitions,
the merchants contend.
ST. BRENDAN'S FAIR.
Ladies of St. Patrick's Booth Were
the Hostesses.
The ladles of St. Patrick's booth enter-,
tamed the visitors at St. Brendan's fair
bist night, and a large attendance was the
result. Those who assisted in receiving the
guests were Mrs. Alice Siggins, Mrs. Ella
Hennessey, Miss Mary McQueeny, Miss
Mary Furlong, Miss Katie Galvin, Miss
Mary Sears, Miss Nellie Sears, Miss Kittle
Furlong and Miss Lillie Kelly.
A splendid programme was highly en
joyed during the evening and consisted
of a cakewalk by Miss Annie Kavanaugh
and John Collins; rag-time dancing,
Charles Thompson; sailor's hornpipe. Miss
Mary Blrdy; jig dancing, Miss Eliza Sex
ton and Matt Eddy.
To-night the ladies In charge of St.
Brendan's booth will entertain, and it is
expected that a large number of the par
ishioners will be present. An interesting
trogiamme is in course of preparation by
Mrs B. Mclnhill, Mrs. P. Kelly. Mrs. M.
A. Godfrey, Mrs. J. Reed. Miss Mary
Bradv, Miss Mary Leary, Miss Dora Gree
ley, "Miss Bertha Mclnhill and Mrs. A.
Eisenhauer.
A Robber Stabbed.
An attempt at robbery on the water
front last night resulted in the stabbing
of John Hogan, one of the lawbreakers.
The prospective victim and the man who
did the cutting was William M. Fostrum,
a miner and recent arrival from
Tuolumne. County.* Hogan's wounds
were not very serious, and after treat
ment at the Harbor Hospital he was
booked with a "pal" for robbery.
About JO o'clock last night Fostrum was
walking along East street. As he ap
proached the corner of Washington street
he was attacked by John Hogan and Al
bert Ryder, both water front "rounders.'*
He was knocked from his feet and the
two men- started to go through his pock
ets. Hogan was standing over his victim
when Fostrum suddenly drew a knife and
stabbed him three times in the head and
upper body. Both men were charged
with robbery.
Sailors' Wages Raised.
The owners of the ship George Curtis
have Etgreed to pay $35 per month to sail
.ol s and has sailed with a full crew at
I that rate. Sailors arc scarce on account
of the demand for men In the transport
I service anc" the drain upon labor mate
! rial caused by the enlistments for the
j Philippines, and the local sailors' union
'. has rais-ec 5 Its rates from $30 per month
! to $3,-,.
Dependable Drugs
Low Prices
Good Quality
Don't judge the quality of
our drugs by our prices.
Many good reasons why. we
sell so much lower than some
people are used to paying.
We sell the best, for that is
the kind everyone wants.
Lots of sales— profits.
Pinkham's Compound 75c
Pierce's 'Prescription 75c
Pierces Discovery 75c
Red Raven Splits ir C
Carter's Liver Pills 15c
Hood's Sarsaparilla y' c
Pond's Extract . 4 OC
Castoria . 2 cc
Cascarets 10c, 20c, 40c
Abbey's Salts 20c, 40c, 85c
Anita Cream 4 0c
Syrup of Figs 35c
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
/ ;fe\ 1128 Market St.. s. f.
T,vt * '-'•"•V Tel g OUTH 386
io™ 6, Broadway <t... m»,n ,) Oakland5
FIGHTING FRED FUNSTON AND HIS GALLANT REGIMENT,
THE TWENTIETH KANSAS, ARRIVE ON OVERDUE TARTAR
Four Hundred Discharged Regu
lars Are on Board.
Small-Sized Mutiny Breaks Out Among the
Troops in Hongkong on Account of
Condition of Ship,
; if iHE overdue transport Tartar
plowed her way into the bay
early last evening and anchored
•far out in the stream. On board
,-^ la the heroic Brigadier General
funston. his gallant regiment, the Twen
tieth Kansas, and about 450 discharged
men from the Fourteenth and Twenty
third infantry and the Third Artillery.
Fighting Fred Funston, or the "Three
Fs." as his sobriquet goes in the army,
returns with the honors if war sitting
full upon him and he bears his reputa
tion well. For two days the wires have
been kept hot by the many friends of
the Kansas Regiment and the Inexplic
able delay of the Tartars arrival was
tne cause of much anxiety on the pa of
friends and relatives of those on board ;
When the ship was sighted about t>
o'clock last night, the news was sent
Immediately to the reception parties v. in
this city, but owing to the rougn weather
on the bay last night ail visits to the
ship were postponed until to-day
As soon as the Tartar entered the har
bor she was boarded by the quarantine
officers. As she has a clean bill of health
the ship will dock some time to-day. On
the trip across the Paciiic the ship hos
pital, which accommodates about twenty
five men, was taxed to its capacity, but
the majority of cases were not serious.
Three men died on the Journey— a private
of the Third Artillery and two Kansas
Boldlers, one in Company L and the other
In Company F. Two other bodies were
brought over from Manila, men In the
Nineteenth Infantry.
The Tartar left Manila on September 3
and arrived at Hongkong on the 6th. She
was held over eight days at that place,
being drvdocked at the Aberdeen yards.
In Hongkong the discharged soldiers at
tempted a small-sized mutiny, refusing to
return on the ship unless they were given
better quarters and the ship cleaned.
Consul General Wildman was brought
Into the squabble and through his inter
ference the ship was overhauled. The
soldiers returned^ and no further disturb
ances of any kind marred the trip. From
Hongkong the Tartar sailed to Yoko
hama and there the Kansas men tasted
of the pleasures of Japanese life. This
was her --• stopping place and the trip
across the Pacific was -made In sixteen
days. «
A few days out from Yokohama a
heavy storm was met. but no serious
damage was done other than the delay
of the ship's arrival.
General Funston returns with his wife.
"I am in good health," he said last nig-ht.
"and you may say It with c-?rta nty that
lam hap; to get back to my own coun
try again. What my intentions are for
the future I have not as yet determined.
I shall wait in san Francisco until I re
ceive instructions from Washington. No,
I cannot say that I will return to service.
though I mis do so. Mv mind is not
yet made up and m - : -h will d ped upon
circumstances.- These few w,):d: were
shouted from the upper deck, where tne
general, surrounded by some of his staff.
■was attempting a battle with wind and
darkness in order to make himself heard
and fix his position.
BRILLIANT RECORD OF
THE KANSAS BOYS
Equaled by Few. .Beaten by None,
the Sunflowers Return From
the War.
Whatever may have been the impression
created by the men of the Twentieth
Kansas Repiment on their first appear
ance in the streets'of this city, there is
now most certainly but one opinion as to
their fighting qualities not only in San
Francisco but all over the United States,
and in Europe as well. When they were
first seen here as they marched from the
ferry' to Camp Merritt after a railroad
Journey half across the continent there
was little In their general appearance as
a bod: to give a forecast of what they
were going to do on the fighting line when
the opportunity offered. They had started
on hurry orders from their State camp
near Topeka. where they had been poorly
sheltered and badly provided for; their
uniforms as a rule were poor and worn,
and many of them had none at all. Rifles,
too, w-re missing from many shoulders.
The feelings created in the minds of most
people were therefore rather in the line of
sympathy.
But uniforms and guns don't make sol
diers. With all the lack of the essential
elements the men were there and their
after career proved that they were the
kind of men. too, of whom good soldiers,
the best in the world, are made.
They proved this at the first opportunity
and every subsequent one that offered.
The monotonous routine of camp duties,
the tiresome and exacting drills and the
unusually long sea voyage to Manila on
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE IDOL OF THE TURF.
The Most Popular Jockey in America j
and England Recommends
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
No Jockey has ever appealed so strongly
to public favor as Tod Sloan.
He has achieved more than his most
noted predecessors ever attempted and
stands in a class by himself.
Not satisfied with his successes in his
native country, he went to England and
now his fame as a successful horseman ls
on the tip of every tongue not only in
this country and England, but in every
section of the globe where racing has
found favor.
When Tod first went to England his
temerity was openly laughed at, but the
little American played skittles with his
English rivals and his victories made all
England gasp.
Having the stamp of royal approval,
society both at home and abroad "lion-
toe" him and he is feted and petted to an
extent that would turn an ordinary mor-
tal's head.
The great Jockey was In such demand
socially and dined and wined to such an
extent that it was feared his health
would give way. Too much society and
the nervous strain of racing told on him.
A two weeks' trip to America made him
acquainted with Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets and their remarkably restorative ef-
fects on a depleted digestive apparatus
and he recommended them In unstinted
terms to a friend, saying: "Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets are the best thing I know
of for keeping the stomach in condition
and appetite in good repair."
Thousands of former dyspeptics can
vouch for the truth of Tod Sloan's words,
as "Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets'' have be-
come a household word In America, and
few families are without them. One or
two taken after meals keep the stomach I
sweet by causing prompt and healthy dl-
gestion of the food.
. Perfectly healthy people use them after
heavy dinners to keep their good health
and to make sure that no 111 effects will !
follow an unusually hearty meal. '
Your druggist will tell you or your doc- ,
tor either that Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets \
are composed only of digestive ferments.
Asceptlc Pepsin. Hydrastis, fruit acids. I
etc., and for the strong stomach as well ;
as the most delicate constitute a safe-
guard against indigestion and stomach
troubles
i poor fare. too. and under a tropic sun,
were all cheerfully taken by them as mat
ters of course; as part of their soldier
! life. When the quieter incidents of per
' manent camp and quarter life gave way
to the sterner ones of the active cam
paign, the long marches, the almost con
tinuous lighting, supperless eds on the
j hare wet ground, or the dangerous vigil
; of the picket post, cheerfulness in per
formance of duty became eagerness to
do everything and all that could be done.
Wherever It was, and whatever the work
ahead there was neither flutter nor fear,
| with either officers or men of the Twen
i tieth Kansas.
! Tlie Kansas Regiment arrived in San
Francisco May 20 and 21st under charge
of their lieutenant colonel. Little. Colonel
Funston who had been appointed to the
command, being detained for a time on
duty at General Miles' headquarters. They
remained here until October 30, when they
: sailed on the transport Indiana for Ma
; nila, where they arrived after a very te
dious voyage of several days longer than
that of the Tennessee regiment which left
here en the Zealandia three days after
them, the delay causing no little concern
both In Manila and here at home.
They were assigned to General H. G.
Otis' brigade of Mac Arthur's division,
with the First Montana, Third Artillery,
acting as infantry, and the Tenth Penn
sylvania. The American lines followed
very nearly those held by the Spaniards
against the insurgents, extending from
the bay 6hore near Tondo on the north,
around the city to Malate, near the bay
on the south. Otis' brigade held the left
of this line, facing the division of the In
surgent army under General Luna, who
had his headquarters at Caloocan.
Though exposed to tire on the sth and
fith of February' when the heavy fighting
was going on along all the rest of the
American line, the Kansas boys, much to
their chagrin, were comparatively idle,
! the Insurgents making no such showing
! in their front as before most of the other
regiments. On February 7. however, they
advanced toward Caloocan and a recon
l noltering party having developed a force '
j of the enemy which was making an effort |
to cut them off. Colonel Funston with a
i part of his command made a dash at them j
and quickly drove them within their In- I
; trenehme-nts. In this engagement the gal- j
; lant young lieutenant, Alfred C. Afford '
of Company B. with one other man, was ;
, killed and eleven wounded.
Caloocan was the most strongly forti
fled place held by the Insurgents on the
whole island and was said to be gar
risoned by 10,000 of the best troops in
Aguinaldo's army. On February 10 Gen
eral Otis' brigade was ordered to advance
against it. The Kansas boys, on the ex- ,
treme left, with the Montanas and Third ,
Artillery In the center and right, began ;
the movement about 4 p. m.. and at o:30 j
the American flag was floating from the
only flagstaff In the place, and the Fili
pinos were in full retreat toward Malabon
and the Tullahan River. Though under
Are from the very start the Kansas regi- ;
ment advanced rapidly through the j
thickets and across the paddy fields, until '
within a short distance of the intrench- '
! ments, from which a heavy fire was be- !
Ing poured into them, when they started j
on the run, and with their yell, which
carried panic to the hearts of the Fili
pinos, went right up and over the em
bankments ana on after the fleeing ene- i
my through the town. Their loss on this
occasion was but one man killed, though I
thirteen were wounded, Including several
officers.
During the next six weeks, while prep
arations for Mac Arthur's movement to
ward Malolos were being perfected, the
Twentieth Kansas held the lines on the
west and north of Caloocan, every day
exchanging Are with the enemy, and on
several occasions, February 22. 23, 27 and
28 and March 11 and 13 being quite sharp
ly engaged and losing several killed and
a dozen or more wounded, among the
former being Captain D. S. Elliott of
Company G.
On March 24 Mac Arthur's division be
gan the movement northward, which for
the Kansas regiment and their officers,
headed by the bold and dasning Fun
ston, was one blaze of glorious achieve
ment from the start at Caloocan to the
finish at the capture of Fernando seven
weeks later. As before, Otis' brigade
formed the left wing of the American ;
advance, with the Kansas boys generally ;
on the left of their brigade, where they
saw a full share of all the fighting that
was done.
Between Caloocan and Mevacanayan.
where it rested on the night of March 26.
the regiment lost five men killed and
nineteen wounded. On the 27th, at Mlrl
lao River, it lost four killed and five
wounded. Mirllao was occupied the next
day. and on the 29th the advance was con
tinued through Bocave and Bigao to Gui
guinto, within three miles of Malolos.
Aguinaldo's capital, the Kansas Regiment
being on the left and west of the railroad.
The enemy made some show of resistance
at every favorable opportunity and gave
battle In force at Guiguinto, but without
avail, for they were promptly "rushed"
out of their trenches at the point of the
bayonet and with panic-breeding yells by
the Americans. This part of the move- i
ment cost the Kansans three men killed !
and twenty-three wounded out of a total
of seventy for the day on the American
side.
it was at Mirllao River that Colonel
Funston gave the first exhibition of the
amphibious qualities of himself and his
men. The bridge having been broken and
the enemy being strongly intrenched on
the opposite side, preventing its repair,
he took twenty of his men and going a
short distance below swam the river,
carrying their guns and accouterments,
and flanking the enemy drove them from
their trenches, with the capture of eighty
prisoners. At Guiguinto the Filipinos had
partly destroyed the railroad bridge and
Intrenched themselves on the opposite
bank to prevent a crossing, but the Kan- i
sans were not to be stopped. Followed by j
the Pennsylvanlans, tney worked' their I
way over the bridge, under a heavy Are, i
and soon had the enemy again on the run. j^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1899.
BRIGADIER-GENERAL FRED. FUNSTON.
(By courtesy of The Campaigning in the Philippines Company.)
After a rest of one day at Guiguinto the'
advance on Malolos was taken Dp again
at 7:30 o'clock on the morning; of the 31st. j
and by '■> o'clock the American flag was
floating over the. plaza In the late capital
of the Filipinos. The Kansas Regiment
had the left of the line, as usual, but did j
not sustain as heavy loss as some other
regiments of the attacking force, losing
but one killed and one wounded. Their
end of the line was kept well forward all
the time and Colonel Funston with a part
of his command were the first American
troops to enter the city. The Montanans.
coming in by another street, raised the
flag on one side of the plaza as the Kan
sans passed over the other In pursuit of
the flying enemy.
In the advance from Malolos to Calum
pit on May 24 the Kansas regiment had
the right of the railroad. while their
fighting mates, the Montanas, had the
left, General Wheaton commanding the
brigade.
Calumplt was not only strongly forti
fied, but was held by a larger force of
the enemy than had been encountered
by the * Americans- before, estimated at
over 13,000 men. It was protected on the
north, east and south by the Calumpit
and Bagbag rivers, the banks of which
were covered with lines of trenches. On
the 25th the Kansas and Montana troops
drove the enemy from the outer line of
trenches on the east side of the Bagbag
River, and the next day, crossing over
the bridge, which had in the meantime
been repaired, drove the enemy from
their inner works and captured the
southern part of the city, while Hale's
column was attending to the northern
part.
On their retreat across the Rio Grande
the insurgents broke down a good part
of the iron railroad bridge, the only
means of following them, and gathering
their forces on the west side began to use
their artillery on the Americans. Colonel
Funston. with the approval of his supe
riors, called for volunteers to effect a
crossing, and selecting the few desired
from the large number that offered, pro
ceeded in the night to try the passage on
the broken down Ironwork of the rail
road bridge. The feat was a hazardous
one, and if discovered while creeping over
the tangled and twisted Ironwork, would
have cost the life of every man In the
party. With eager readiness a number
of men volunteered to make a trial trip.
One was chosen, Sergeant Ferguson. In
the darkness, with the swift, deep river
below him. he worked his way cautiously
to the other side, saw that the enemy
were on the lookout for any such a move
and well prepared to annihilate them if
they tried it. On his report Colonel Fun
ston abandoned the project, to try an
other In daylight. The next morning,
again calling for volunteers and selecting
a hundred and twenty men from the
whole regiment, he proceeded to a point
a mile or more below the bridge and
made preparations to cross. Rafts large
enough to carry eight or ten men .each
were first built and volunteers called for
to carry over a rope and make It fast on
the other side. A large number stepped
forward; two were chosen— Privates
White and Twombly. These breasted the
broad and deep river and made the line
fast on the opposite bank, right under
the guns of the enemy. The colonel and
the rest of the men crossed as rapidly as
possible, and climbing the bank caught
the enemy In flank, and although out
numbered ten to one put them on the
run toward the bridge, over which other
troops were crossing, and the victory was
complete.
General Luna sent his chief of staff to
the American lines with a flag of truce
to express his admiration of the feats of
the Kansas boys on this occasion, and
their colonel was made a brigadier on the
recommendation of the commanding gen
eral. In this action and the day before
the regiment had three men killed and
twelve wounded. .
On May 4 the advance was resumed, and
the brilliant work of the Kansas boys
continued, winding up the day with the
charge and capture of the enemy's works
at San Tomas, in which they lost Lieu
tenant McTaggart of Company G and four
men killed, and three officers and twenty
two men wounded. On May 19 General
Funston relieved General Wheaton in
command of the brigade, and Lieutenant-
Colonel Little took charge of the regi
ment.
On May 24 General Funston, with the
Kansas and Montana regiments, attacked
and dispersed a large force of insurgents
at Santa Rita, near Bacolor, with a loss
to his old regiment of two killed and
twelve wounded. This was their last se
rious piece of work, although they were
more or less under fire until they were
withdrawn from the front. Besides Its
losses of over a hundred and fifty men
killed and wounded In the campaign, the
hard work they had performed told se
verely on the health of the men. and by
the Ist of July the regiment had less than
450 men fit for duty. Yet there was no
complaint and no request for a rest. Un
stinted praise has been given to the men
of the Kansas regiment by all the re
turning volunteers. They indeed proved
themselves fit followers of their brave
leader, the gallant Funston.
FUNSTON'S CAREER.
Hero of the Filipino Campaign
and His Life's Action.
Though, like King Plpln. many Inches
short of the regulation size, Frederick
Funston has more than counted for a
man on every occasion with which his
name has been connected from a very
early period in his career. Deservedly
famous In certain fields before going to
the Philippines in command of the Twen
tieth Kansas Regiment, he there added
further achievement and desert to his
already brilliant record, until his name
and that of the fine regiment that fol
lowed him, without lessening the honors
won by any others, stand out in full
blaze of glory before the eyes of the
American, and are to them synonyms for
all that is bold In conception and daring;
in soldierly achievement. Any detailed
sketch of Funston's career In the Philip
pines would involve a daily record of the
whole campaign. Suffice it to say that as
a soldier he was always prompt in obe
dience to the orders of his superiors, yet
In Next Sunday's Call.
JOAQUIN MILLER'S
LATEST POEM
"Boston to the Boers."
ready with respectful suggestion when he
saw it would benefit the service. As a
commander he was ever watchful of the
discipline and welfare of his men, and
their leader on the field. As a foe, the
Filipinos themselves have borne the high
est testimony a* to the vigor and firm
ness of his onslaughts.
Frederick Funston was born in Ohio in
1866, and so was only about 33 years of age
when he was made brigadier general. j
From his early boyhood his life has been
a series of varied and interesting ad
venture, always exhibiting the character
istics that have marked his career in the
Philippines— contempt for danger, but
without any element of foolhardy reck
lessness, quick perception of the necessi
ties of a situation and ready resourceful
ness to meet them, wonderful capacity for
physical exertion and endurance, coupled
with an almost tender concern for the wel
fare and comfort of those about him, and
a prudent persistency of purpose that is j
not often met with. At the age of 16,
while yet a schoolboy, he took the stump j
in behalf of his father's candidacy for j
Congress, and by his tactful boldness and j
knowledge of men succeeded in electing (
him In the face of strong opposition. After j
two years at the Kansas State University I
he was for a while assistant editor of a j
newspaper at Fort Scott. Kans., then a j
conductor on the Santa Fe railroad, then I
a member of scientific exploring expedi- j
tions in Dakota, California and Alaska,
and is said to be the only surviving sane i
member of the celebrated party which j
in 1891 underwent such terrible hardships |
in Death Valley. California. Soon after
the outbreak of the Cuban rebellion Funs- j
ton joined one of the filibustering expedi
tions, made his way to General Gomez's j
army, and entering* his service fought ,
with him for nearly two years, taking !
part in twenty-two battles. He was cap- j
tured by the Spaniards, but contrived to i
make his escape and reach the United
States. One of the sketches of his career j
In the Cuban army gives the following:
summary of the bodily injuries sustained
by him in action and from the Cuban cli- i
mate: "His left arm has been mutilated
for life by a shell, his. lungs pierced by a I
Mauser bullet, his thigh crushed by "his !
horse falling on him in battle and his" sys
tem racked and debilitated by the Cuban |
fevers."- Add to all these his wound at i
Gulguinto and the effects of his exposure i
In the Filipino campaign, and one wonders j
how any one man not over five feet four
inches in height could find room to hold
so many mishaps: and yet he may be said
to, have just begun his real career, for the
people of Kansas are ready to open up to
his ambition anything in their gift.
TWENTIETH KANSAS.
Killed in Action and Died of Wounds
or Disease.
COMPANY A.
Private Edward A. Rothmeyer, January
8. 1899.
'Private Etcyl P. Blair. January' 11. 1899.
Private John D. Young. January 15. 1899.
Private Relsel Manahan, April 26, 1899.
Private William Sullivan, May 24, 1899.
Total— s.
COMPANY B.
First Lieutenant Alfred C. Alford, be
fore Caloocan. February 7. 1899.
Private Louis Moon. June 24, 1898.
Private Louis W. Ferguson, December
24, IS9S.
Private Isaac Cooper. January 30, 1599.
Private Charles Snodgrass, February 1.
1899.
Private Ives J. Howard, February 11.
1899.
Sergeant Morris B. Cohen, March 23,
1899 *•
Private Joseph Wohl, March 29, 1599.
Total— B.
COMPANY D.
Private Benjamin W. Squires, January
14, 1899.
Private Larry Jones. February 25. 1899.
Private Troy B. Falrchild, March 27,
1899.
Private William Carroll, March 27, 1899.
Total— 4.
COMPANY C.
Private Elmer Mclntyre. August 24, 1898.
Private Albert Fergus. January 16, 1899.
Private Bert Cornett. March 1. 1599.
Private John Muhr. March .1. 1899.
Private Hiram S. Plumer. March 25, 1899.
Private Curran C. Craig, March 25, 1899.
Total—
COMPANY F.
Private John H. Bartlett. July 14. 1898.
Private Orvllle- R. Knight. January 16,
1899.
Private Powhatan F. Hackett, January
9, 1899.
Private Lewis R. Badger, January 9,
1599.
Private William H. Bash, January 6,
1899.
Private George H. Munro, February 23,
1899.
Private Howard A. Olds, February 27,
1899.
Private Oscar G. Morn, March 11, 1899.
Total— B.
COMPANY G.
Captain David S. Elliott, near Caloocan.
February 2S, 1899.
Lieutenant William M. McTaggart, San
! Tomas, May 4, 1599.
Private Carroll Williams, March 27, 1899.
Private John Scherer, March 27, 1899.
Private Alva L. Dlx; March 27. 1899.
Private Albert S. Anibel. March 27, 1899.
Total— 6.
COMPANY H.
Private Henry Falrchild. March 24. 1899.
Private Joseph Wahl, March 31. 1899.
Private Meston Wilcox, May 4, 1599.
Total— 3.
COMPANY I.
Private William Vancll, December 7,
1898.
Sergeant Jay Sheldon. February 10. 1899.
Private Alonzo Rlcketts, February 10,
1899. ryyy-y'
Private Adrian D. Hatfield, March 29,
1899
Private William Kinney. March 27." 1899.
Private Guy Nebergall, May 4, 1899.
Total—
COMPANY K.
Private Clifford K. Grunaugh, January
24. 1899.
Private Frederick Maxwell, February 1.
1899.
Corporal Oscar E. Mallicoat, February
24. 1899.
1599.
Total— 3. ••■■'., :'■'■
COMPANY L.
Private Cecil Flower, July 22, 1898.
• Private Norman E. Hand, January 16,
1899. >-- :W;
Private David L. Campbell, January 19,
1899.
Private Sim Barber. February 27, 1899.
Private James W. Kline, March 13, IB9h
Private Albert H. Terry. April 28. 1899.
Private Ernest Ryan, May 25, 1899.
Total— 7. .
COMPANY M.
Corporal Wilson H. McAllister. July 9,
1898. ' ,
Private Henry Morrison. July 28, 1898.
Private Charles E. Pratt, February 5,
1899
Samuel M. Wilson. March 29, 1599.
Total— 4.
BAND.
Musician Orlln L. Burlew. March 29,
1899
Grand total— 6l. _
The Wounded.
LINE. AND STAFF.
Colonel Frederick Funston. May 4, 1899.
Major Wilder S. Metcalf. March 29, 1899.
Sergeant Major Cassius M. Warner. May
*. 1899..
THE EMPOEITJM. | THE EMPORIUM.
w *
fr AI.Haz- niE T BllEM| l |*4lR H A flMffl0./tfa- *
* __r_, VBmJmn I EfnPvREIJfli S£ m t
_ triloauist. mtsW^ 0 **»~i £ ace «
rforthlwl «"«»^^ J
t *
fr *■' ' r *
* Read the black-faced type. If there is an article in the list that *
•* you need, come to-day and save money on it. _
_. Wednesday Only. 500 yards of Wednesday Only ♦
Wednfdav On'v. 500 yards of IV/dnesdav Only
» 50c Ribbons?? "™£* Flannel mt\Wl\ *
& _ _> a** _r « latest Btv'e ___ " JT »_lfIU\ _
J for 25c Yd- piaid Rib Waists, &Bf{ _
* bon.3 in the very ,*/%& 59 Cm /^£*"fl *
* c7_^nat„£ fl2*'*_ I Forth 3d n^ ____llS5r\ _
* also a line of 1$ T off ? r S f 1 t^lf^^SE J
{ Peau de Sole in CSyfeV^ Tnf-^se axon's [^^^5^1 *
* a croice assort- <^\z '$<!§&. I ""^of A^Oe^__3%SV *ff
* in~gs, an exqJs- £^£^S) the 'new i plaid W^^W^M 2
* ire quality, five 4^«*V filiations, -r^^iM'T „
* inch-s wide yy^__^T^_k yoke back " de " f~i// „
_ ribbons that _*8£t_?v^) tachable self col- ' J J
J are worth 3"> 3 C*__ks__^%_- ' 3r ' briS3 blE " • , *-. _
J and 5)c per N^^_sw- /^*j) j tons, all sizes — spena' at 5&0 2
A yard, on special ~^~rZj — — — — — — . **•■'
fr sa'e at bargain "^ Wednesday On v. 22-inch _
J counters, in $f.@0 Satin ? lack J
* main aisle, this day only at. 25c OUCbeSSC, 79Cm Due" J
1 esse. L ons dye, a hand«ome. rch, Ins- 5
£ Wednesday Onlv. An assorted trous nnish, a fabric manufactured es- ,*
Under ntUSiin ot of Nadus', pecialiy fordres* skirts an.i shirt waists. <
«> *•*»■*»#_ Drawers. our p0 pu ar good value $1.00 a yard ♦8'
fr mwDCCKaiSm Gowns and Skirts, , qua ity — on special sale this dav on •*
fr odd ots left lrom previous special sales, j a t 7.9 *
* not very many of each, so come early — ! , , ■ 4*
J only two pa ments of a k „ to a cu*- idneidav Only, -. 2
? tomer— 75- Cambric coed Drawers, _. m ' (_»\ 5
? with insertion' and edze of deep lace — LaOiCS _*^A _
•i special to-dav at SO __•■# /\/'_} _
* $1.25 Heaw Mm tin Sk rt , 3^ yards | _•■_¥ K^BsV i *
{*» wide witc 6-inch tdga of Miitese lac — '£#*•__#•_• Y f **
* special to-iay ar 75c %0 " %MWS m \\ J_|' - ♦
* $1.50, $2 and $2.50 Gowns some of '■ lVGdf*sr /jS&^% *
5" cambric, some of na nook — spec a tv- _ , „ . / «i \ *_
* day, while the lot la>ts. each 95c Ladies fleeced hi V \ 1
» .' Egyptian Cotton /' [ fr . \ *
* :s t m , Vests and Vi 1 \ 9
IV Wednesday Only. To-day on y we offer p t sts hi „ h 'ijA v /> ' 1 *
* Wa«ll f° r 00 Sgi S 3 * Tnf long fA ()) 1
I Fahrie*S ' r,n , k,ed .Seer-; sleeves; pants '■» V.// _
J B- atotiCS. suckers, n a ankle i eneth: % /7 V / *
* gcoi range o. co orrgs. tin '1^00 y re's 0 „ crea _ orna *. i.1 V^/ «
off air quality woven Flannelettes, ural ;S p ec i a i 8aIe ff «
» suitabeforun«rga-m-nt*— atth^ v*ry t ;j 9 da y on i v er *"* >l/**Wi *
* special price. per yard 5c ■ 0 - a meil f.... 2 C «
* ' ° :** - - *
J J^/_»vvia> 0«/>'. We offer to-day two d „ e <j av 0nh . To . day only we J
» A Sate J*; 63 of K-d . Body Filled offer a large as- *
* _!„_#_ Do ' 13 ' one 10 2 mc ' e? """■»»•* _ ■_ sorted lot ot A.l- <*
» Of UUII&m long and one 10 inches ElaStiC lfC Silk Frilled Gar- *
* long, botn with _**^^ Elastic; almost any color that yon *f
* bisque heads, #f^„> can think of in tha assortment; regularly *
J fixed g ass eyes i*\.^^ ; 25c and 35c yard; special to-day at. 17*5 J
k and wig — a ; so /rOf' ; ''rt>r5S_ - — _
c oth body dolls jgmM%y& Wednesday Onlv. Boys' Saxony «
a j 3 inches . 0 ng -^ g tg »^v, ._ ■ _ _ . _ yw
* wih indestruct- /— -^f Ftdoras for w ° o1 Fe " «
* i le head, hanJs // [\ ./I II •**._.__ _»_•*» doras; extra «y
* and feet, fixed JJ !h/// uot '' \j I »•_/*** +9 Cm good band *
J g ass eye* and yP^'Kr-iW and binding; colore /^_^\ «
J mohair wig, the I L 1 I Al, ,, A rev^J
J very special |V S\MjU b aC ' b * ° * ° aad . gL— — J^ 5
», price, each -• II pi tlffl $ cedar; in fact, a j^^S^jSP *ff
» IOC \ II bj/i.)^ &L dressy, well-mode #_ .£*fil *
* _____r *» O j bov , hat win b9 ii, tt / «
* Wednesday On'r 21 sold for this da - ™lK__ifc| *
J Men's 50c A 7en °°'y at the TOry |
* Underwear 38c. £L ec * p ™^ 0 ;
a, winter weight Derby R.bbe Underwear, ""
fr shirts or drawers rf^js Wednesday Only. ' For this .-if only _
fr a handsome salmon • V-d Orf a^/ O|fe# . v we cffe:-r50 sheets J
» shade, h rts have * W[:\ J 1 "™"^ of Satin Wove «
* Frenca nek and faJ&bfo^ m^pBCtaim Writing Paper, J
» overcast seams fM///fl//////& I with 50 square envelopes to match the *?
| - drawers re-enforced WMijiff/; I !^. j box of 110 pieces for I4c *
J and perfect fitting, 'lm jjlf^\ *£
j -^ extra good value at mil 11/ 2$ ] /ll' the IVcek. ' Four incomparable <#
; > 50c per garment. LlttUOr 8 Pf c a "' on ' r:1J S or *
! #i and better than any v||/vJJ^ T, " . this wek onlv. *
* garments that we /mil- Tit SpeCiaiS. Sauterne, ex- *
* ive ever ye- of- n (l|jj|/|ffi// tr< choice re u'.arlv $1 per gall on.6__ J
* fe-ed at the so-cia 1 Mll.|l| I Wrty Champion Bourbon— VI his- J
J price to-day only, each ....38c trey that wi I please you: *fi
.J : — Gallons, regularly $3.50, for.. $2m65 ♦
«** W difidciv Only. E3U Dentrifice Full quart bottles, regularly $1.00. for •ff
* Fmt~G*f*$It*Wlt Balsamique, a 8*470 *&'
* *___!__[______i delightful Choice old Port or Sherry, our _
* iOOtn WaSnm tooth wash, $1.51 par gallon —ad««». for... $f.QQ> *
? put up by Gustav Boehm, Germanv, Bourbon Whiskey— 0 d Gov- *
J in bottles with sprinkler tops, regu- trnmnt, a great fa - rite with our ,*
a, larly 35c — on special sale to-day only.... patrons, regularly $1.2 > a bottle, this
* .....* 2tO week 85c _
&+ _„4str*_*4 *4si_s>_„st.ssAs> s»„s.*(s»s(___st**>f*»t*f, 4ss*>t$4*s»4 *»s%^
THE BAND.
Musician Tolando Braisch. February 22
--23. 1899.
Musician Larry Jones, March 29. 1899.
' Musician Couitland Fleming, March 29.
1899
Musician Benjamin Conchlna, May 4,
1599. I
\ COMPANY 'A.
Private James Kersher, February 10,
1899
Private Via Pavne, February 10, 1839.
Corporal Frederick Recob, March 27, 1899.
Private Charles A. Waters, March 29,
1899.
Sergeant C. A. Woodworth, April 27. 1899.
Total—
COMPANY B.
Corporal Edward D. Willing, February"
10 1899. ,
Private Harry S. Harris, February 10,
1899
Private S. J. Howard, February 10, 1899.
Private Elmer F. Unie, February 10. 1599.
Private Joseph Wahl, March 27. 18.99.
Private Charles A. Pease, March 29, 1899.
Private William D. Smith, March 29, 1890.
Corporal Claude Sperlock. March 29. 1899.
Private Peter Sorenson, May 84, 1899.
Private Elmer H. Ashcroft, May 24, 1899.
Private Arthur Hollingshead, May 24,
1899.
Total—
COMPANY C.
Captain William S. Albright, near San
Tomas. May 4. 1899. .____,
First Lieutenant Harold L. Jackson, at
Tullahan River, February Jp, 1899.
Private James E. Riley, February 22,
1899 - ■
Private Arthur C. Howe. March 13, 1899.
Private F. W. Arendt, March 24-26, 1*99.
Private. Henry W. Johnson, March 29.
1899
Corporal Frank Sample, March 29. 1899.
Private William Lantechen, March 29,
1899.
Total— S.
COMPANY D.
Sergeant Ira D. Keightley, February 11,
1899.
Private George C. Richards, March 26,
1899 , >-^--:->'v\.  ' * '
Artificer James H. Hester. March 26,
1899.
Private John Rass, March 27. 1899.
Private Edward Crane. March i.9, 1899. •
Corporal James C. Hatterberg, March
29. 1899.
Sergeant Joseph Robinson, May 4, 1899.
Total— 7.
COMPANY E.
Captain Charles M. Christy, at Caloo
can. February 10, 1899.
Lieutenant Cotton Bell, at Calumpit,
April 26, 1899.
Private James Mills. February 10, 1899.
Private D. Miller, March 24-26. 1899.
Private William Howard, March 24.
1899. •
Private John C. Muhr. March 24. 1899
Lieutenant William Ward. April 6, 1899.
Corporal S. Elix Allison. May 4, 1899
Total— B. ■ .  , .
COMPANY F. .
Private William C. ; Barber, February
10, 1899. •
Corporal Herbert Sands, February 10.
1899.
Private Howard A. Olds, February 26.
1899. .
■ Private William Myers, March 24-26,
1899.
Private Henry Ratcliffe. March 29. 1899.
Private Walter Kemp. March 29, 1899
Private William E. Ebert, March 29.
189 ft
Private Thaddeus G. Algerman, March
29. 1899.
Private John E. Ballou. March 29, 1899.
Private Todd L. Wagner. March 30, 1899.
Private, William McDougal, May 4, 1599.
-Total-IL ,
?:r V - COMPANY G.
Private Bert E. Clough, March 25. -599.
Private Wesley Matthews, March 25,
1899.
Total— 2.
COMPANY H.
Lieutenant Robert S. Parker, near San
Fernando, May 24. 1899.
! Private David M. Hockman, February
10, 1899.
Continued on Eleventh Page.
i "HELLO!'"]
"HELLO!" j
I A Telephone Line to Our I
Contra Costa WelL [
A telephone line will be built to I
our oil well in Contra Costa Coun- I
ty. Dally bulletins will then be I
made and posted in our office. I
Stockholders can telephone the su- I
perintendent there for Information. I
WHEN WILL THE PRICE 60 UP? |
This question is asked us dally. I
The Board of Directors will order
an advance at their next meeting.
The price will never be lower than
$5. It may be advanced any time.
DO NOT DELAY. Remember, that
we allow you thirty days after pur-
chase to Investigate.
ILLUSTRATED PROSPECTUS
on application. .; m \
AMERICAN OIL AND REFINERY I
COMPANY,
rt ROOMS 322-323 PARROTT BUILDINO, !
|| SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. ;
f OAKLAND 0FF1CE... .460 TENTH ST. I6
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER n, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Propriety. j
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. 1
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., 3. F I
Telephone Main 18*8.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
' Sing!* Copies, B cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
PAILT CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year ffl.OO j
DAII.T CALL, (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00 j
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 montha .... 1-00 I
DAILY CALL— B. Single Month «5o |
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1-50 |
WEEKLY CALL One Tear 1-0° j
. All postmasters are authorised to recelv. subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested. ■
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, .Marquette- Building.
Chicago.
I
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C.CARLTON Herald Squall |
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE l
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building j
• __
CHICAGO NEWS' STANDS. i ,
Sherman House; P. 0. lews Co.; Great Ncrthera -V*_; j
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS. I
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81 Union Square) I
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
4. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent-
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 200 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-IS4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- S_C Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1094
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS. -
_ I
Columbia— "Hotel Topsy Tuny."
California —
Orpheum— Vaudeville. \ <
vol I— "Satanella."
Alcazar — "Jim the Penman. '•
Grand Opera House — "Glrofle Glrofla."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater Vaudeville everj afternoon and
evening.
Oiympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
WATER STORAGE.
IT is impossible to clothe the coming water storage
convention with any artificial importance. That
which it derives from the circumstances that make
it necessary is so great that its bare statement suffices.
Within the water storage policy lies the future of
California. The utilizing of the normal, un wasted
water has about reached its maximum. But for the
water now available -to irrigate one acre there runs
to waste, as harmful flood, enough to irrigate one
hundred acres.
More than this, when adequate reservoirs are pro
vided the supply of stored water becomes constant.
The rainfall for any decade is proved to be practically
invariable. The precipitation does not decrease in
any term of years as compared with any other similar
term of years. But when dry years come the normal
flow of water decreases and there is not enough left
for its expected service. In years of drought, there
fore, the current supply falls off, neighbor fights with
neighbor and community with community for the lit
tle that is left, fields go barren and orchards and
vineyards fail. Such was the experience of ancient
Egypt, the seat of the earliest irrigation by using the
overflow of the Nile. The inspiring story of the
dream interpreted by Joseph is simply a revelation of
the necessities of Egyptian ' agriculture dependent
upon water. The seven fat ears and the seven fat kine
were the years of plenty caused by abundant water.
The seven lean ears and the seven lean kine that
consumed the fat ones were the want and necessity
that fell upon the land when the water failed, in which
the wealth, and substance laid by in the fruitful years
were consumed. California undergoes the same ex
perience in every scries of dry years. The leanness
of the land causes the consumption of all the accu
mulations of the good years.
But in the good years the fat runs to waste in the
flood waters that would prevent the constantly re
curring consumption of these accumulations, and
they would go forward always, a steady aggregation
of wealth, if that waste were prevented.
The convention of the 14th of November next is to
consider the way? and means by which this waste may
be prevented and all the years be fat.
Within this policy of water storage lies the conser
vation of the forests. These are being reaped now by
fire. The State is under a pall of smoke that rises
from burning forests. . .
When reservoirs are made it will be discovered that
the forests are necessary to hold the soil upon the
mountain slopes, which unrestrained will slip and
wash into the reservoirs, filling and making them
tisclcss. - M .
Therefore ay who want the forests preserved, who
want the timber that is ripe and fit for commerce to
be so harvested as not to destroy the oncoming crop,
should take an interest in this convention. "The tree
is mother of the fountain," and that mother is being
burned to death to-day from one end of the State to
the other, and in her death the cool fountains perish.
The business men of every city in the State must
make this convention the first object of their interest
and support. Without the storage of flood water and
the preservation of forests the day will come when
there will be no business in California, as surely as it
came to the Promised Land, which Moses saw as a
land of milk and honey, filled with corn and wine,
but which by deforesting is now a blear desert, as dry
as the ashes' of the mothers of the fountain which
perished ages ago.
— — — — — — — — wnai
As might be judged from its title, Seekraft Seegel
turfg Scchcrrschaft." published at Berlin by Rear Ad
miral Valois, is a book of the sea. In words not less
than a foot long, the admiral sets forth arguments
that cannot be refuted, except in words two feet long,
the benefits of a naval alliance between Germany and
America. : •';>'-'-_'
If General Seamans, as is reported, threw Lieuten
ant Wall's commission into an ash-barrel, he has
shown signs of intelligence for which he has not
been given credit. The ash-barrel is the proper re
ceptacle for anything emanating from Gage.
Official circles in Berlin are greatly exercised over
the discovery of widespread gambling in the German
capital. The deepest shock seems to have been ex
perienced nt the revelation of the fact that the other
fellows held the highest cards.
Latest dispatches from the Transvaal indicate that
Oom Paul Kruger is game. It may make him wild
when John Bull goes hunting him. ':'»""-'
MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT.
\A AYOR PHELAN commends his party for
I \ nominating him, which is an exhibition of or
* * dinary gratitude. He seems to be in a self
satisfied state of mind about it, because of his opinion
that he is so much better than his party that he asks
only its nomination, intending to get outside votes to
elect him. To do this he found it necessary for his
party to do the ostrich act and hide its head in the
sand. He said in his Metropolitan Hall speech last
August, "We must get control of the convention."
"We" did not mean that the Democratic party must
control a free convention, in which every man would
have a show and fair play, but that the Mayor
and his friends must control it. Well, "we" succeeded,
and after the Democratic convention met Mr. Phelan
proceeded to force it to pretend that it was not a
Democratic convention. It was compelled to put off
the lion skin of a national organization and appear in
the hide of an ass grown tired of thistles for food and
seeking better pasture. This change of individual
ity, this hiding from itself, this appearance in a mask,
produced one of the most violent and turbulent as
semblages ever seen in this city. A conventicle led
on thesandlots by Dennis Kearney in his high and
mighty days was a Quaker meeting compared to it.
At times the violence rose to such a pitch that Phelan
or his managers had to send for the police, and all
of the force that could be spared from the patrols was
present to prevent riot and bloodshed in Mayor
Phelan's fountain of good government! With the
temporary chairman barricaded behind the stag?,
while an enraged delegate stood on the platform call
ing him a liar and daring him to come out and take
a licking; with the convention exulting in an ecstacy
of riot and disorder, there was presented a forecast
of the style of government which will result from the
Mayor getting control of the convention.
The reading and thinking people need no informa
tion upon the style of good government supplied by
Mr. Phelan's party.
When Greater New York came under its new char
ter "we" got control of the convention there and se
cured the city government- The result has been so
nauseating that the city has retched and strained ever
since in an effort to throw up her new charter, and
her boroughs, greater boundaries and all. ■
Chicago enlarged her borders, greatened herself
and widened her phylactery. "We" got control of
the convention there and inaugurated a Democratic
city government, as did New York. The effect has
followed cause in Chicago. From Democratic testi
mony it is established that the municipal government
has risen no higher than its source, and it bites like
a blister every public and private interest it can
reach. In New York Van Wyck, in Chicago Carter
Harrison, posed as better than their party to secure
votes outside the party, just as Mr. Phelan poses
here, but when elected their obligations ran to the
pit out of which they were digged and thence came
the inspiration of their administration.
If "we" controlled the late Democratic municipal
convention and exhibited in it a reformed party, just
what must the party have been before it reformed?
Republicans and independent citizens have a plain
course before them. Horace Davis has served .in
every position creditably and usefully and cleanly.
He inherited no fortune, but owes all he has to his
own exertions. His life has been upright, moral and
of good example. It has been in no sense a double
life, and is undefiled. His public career is known to
his fellow citizens, and every hour of his private life
may be revealed with no stain nor transgression upon
it. In the" last analysis a man's character is deter
mined by what chance may reveal. Fortunate. i- he
who goes among men fearless of the keenest search.
The Republicans may well rejoice that such a man
heads their ticket. Upon his personal and political
soundness, his public spirit, his sympathy with all
men who, like himself, must begin in the winning of
their own fortunes, they build their policy as upon a
rock. The ticket which he heads is worthy of the
man who leads it. He has uttered no personalities
has ascribed no false motives, has not blurred the
issue with an exhibition of debauched ambition.
Representing the best and simplest in the private
and public life of California, he may well rely upon the
conviction that a majority of the people of this city
have careers, habits and character in common with
him.
With all the credit of "Lipton, Limited" and the
vast connections of the Iselins, it seems a little strange
that the owners of Shamrock and Columbia do
not succeed in raising the wind.
THE COMMERCIAL MUSEUM
REPORTS from Philadelphia concerning the
successes of the export exposition are of a
nature to encourage and to stimulate the
efforts of those who have undertaken to establish in
this city a commercial museum for. the purpose of
facilitating our trade with foreign countries. No fea
ture of the exposition seems to have attracted more
attention from* practical business men, whether mer
chants or manufacturers, than those which by ex
hibiting the kinds of goods used in different countries
show in what direction we can most profitably em
ploy our energies in seeking commercial expansion.
The exhibits in the foreign sample department of
the exposition were" obtained partly by the Govern
ment and partly by the Philadelphia Commercial
Museum. Congress appropriated $50,000 for the work
and the Commissioners were engaged about fifteen
months in collecting the exhibits from all parts of the
I globe. In describing them the Philadelphia Record
! says:
"There are displayed in this exhibition considerably
more than 250,000 articles, including every class of
textiles for every market of the globe; hardware of
all descriptions, glassware, plated ware, boots and
! shoes, straw and felt hats, tinware, cutlery, harness
goods, jewelry, agricultural implements and other
j 'goods. Not only have the American agents suc
j ceeded in getting many specimens of the articles
! manufactured in the various countries, but have
| placed by the side of these the articles of the same
kind imported in these markets, so a? 16 give a com
prehensive object lesson to American manufacturers
; as to what these markets desire md what their com
petitors from other countries are furnishing for
j them." . ,
It has been announced that if the citizens of San
Francisco establish and maintain a commercial mu- '
: scum the authorities of the one in Philadelphia would
j co-operate with it and furnish out of the surplus there
', a considerable number of exhibits to start with. It
would be well to accept that offer promptly. From
1 the amount of interest which has been excited in the
I East by the exposition of exports it is certain more j
I than one city will be moved to establish a museum of j
! the kind and apply to Philadelphia for exhibits. If.
we delay the inauguration of the museum here we !
j may lose many a valuable collection of foreign goods
i that might otherwise come to us.
It is to be noted that an exhibit of the extent and
I variety now displayed at Philadelphia is not easily
I obtained. It is said it is the only collection of mer
THE SAN FRANCISCO {CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1899.
! chandise representing the products of the world ever
I gathered for the purpose of giving the exporter the
j opportunity of examining the goods marketable in
| foreign lands and with which he desires to place his
j own in competition. The difficulties of obtaining the
■ collection and its object were explained by William
, Harper, whose efforts brought about the co-operation
of the Federal Government with that of the Philadel
, phia Commercial Museum officials in the accumula
| tion of these so-called samples. Among the expe
riences narrated of the agents in getting them were a
' number of instances where the American Commis
! sioners were threatened with death for spying on the
i industrial secrets of various countries. In not a few
cases they were compelled to appeal to the American
. Consul for protection, and this official had to seek
' the assistance of the Government.
San Francisco of course looks forward to a vast
expansion of her commerce in the immediate future,
and, that being so, her merchants should be alert to
profit by the opportunity now afforded to start a com
| mercial museum under such favorable circumstances.
The promoters of the movement should urge it at
| once upon public attention.
rOR the purpose of equalizing library privileges
throughout the country there has been started
in New England a movement which has so much
to commend it that it merits immediate success. The
object is to procure an act of Congress permitting
circulating libraries to send books through the mails
as second class matter to such readers as may choose
to avail themselves of the privileges. The plan, it will
be seen, is perfectly feasible. It will do no more than
give to libraries the privileges now accorded to pub
lishing houses of mailing books at low rates.
The advocates of the movement advance many ar
guments in its favor. It is in harmony with the spirit
of the postal laws to diffuse good reading and to pro
mote the circulation of books that tehd to public en
lightenment; the spread of library advantages is in
timately connected with the diffusion of popular edu
cation; the people who maintain public libraries
under State or municipal laws are the same who main
tain the postal system under national laws; matter
now carried at second rate postage, or in some cases
carried free, has to such rating no claim superior to
that of the books of a public library; the plan will
promote the circulation of good books in districts
where no libraries exist; and, finally, it will put in
right relations two important public interests, the
postoffice and the public library, and thus render each
more serviceable than ever to the community.
The Call has repeatedly pointed out the many ad
vantages which have followed the adoption of the
traveling library system in New York and other East
ern States. The plan now proposed in New England
would supplement that system and would serve an
even wider field of readers. It would give to every
citizen within reach of a postoffice a fair opportunity
to profit by the libraries maintained at public ex
pense or supported by endowments from private
munificence. It would be, in fact, a public benefit
which would cost the National Government little or
nothing, and might, indeed, prove remunerative to
the postoffice.
Many of the leading libraries of the country have
given cordial approval to the enterprise. Not only
are the public libraries in favor of it, but even many of
those maintained without taxation would place their
books at the disposal of the people generally should
such a cheap system of postage be established. It ib
to be noted, moreover, that the scheme is not alto
gether novel, as a 1 similar system has been in opera
tion in some of the countries of Europe. Thus a let
ter on. the subject from the Minister of the Nether
lands says: "In the Netherlands books may go from
libraries of any kind by, mail at book or parcel rates
and the postman delivers the book without extra
charge at the door of the person to whom it is ad
dressed, even in the most remote rural parts of the
kingdom."
. The plan will be presented to Congress at the com
ing session, and, as we have said, merits the approval
of that body. There is no reason why the public
library should not have the same rights of mail fa
cilities for books as are given to publishing houses.
We are an educated people and a nation of readers,
and it is only fair that those who pay taxes for the
support of libraries and of the postoffice should have
the benefits of both to the uttermost extent to which
they can be made available.
BY way of bringing to the attention of capitalists
and , home-seekers the many advantages and
resources of Texas the Governor of that State
has called an industrial convention to meet at Dallas
on the 20th of the present month. The object of the
gathering is to vitalize industry in Texas and con
vince thoughtful investors of the many advantages it
offers for diversified industry. It is stated the con
vention will be attended by upward of two thousand
men of affairs in the State, and will be addressed by
men of national reputation who are in touch with the
progress of the world.
For the purpose of interesting the general public
in the subject and of impressing the value of the con
vention upon all who are seeking business opportu
nities, the invitations to the meeting are accom
panied by a card setting forth some of the advantages
of the commonwealth, as follows: "Raw material of
every description, especially cotton, is produced
cheaper in Texas than anywhere else in the United
States; in short, our natural advantages are second
to those of no other on earth and offer superior in
ducements for the Investment of capital. Of these
facts every dispassionate investigator will be con
vinced. Texas is the nearest cotton field in the
United States to Central and South America and the
Orient. Galveston, its great harbor, occupies as com
manding a position commercially to the republics
bordering on the Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean Sea
as does Constantinople to Europe, Asia and Africa,
while we have direct connection by rail with the
gateways of the Pacific Coast."
It is to be borne in mind that this movement in
Texas is in line with similar movements going on
in all the Southern States. Those commonwealths
which for years have been regarded as sluggish and
inert have now set to work in earnest to attract men
and capital from the North. They have already es
tablished a cotton manufacturing industry which
threatens that of New England, and have done also
much in the direction of iron, steel and wood work.
California ought to profit by the lesson that is
being taught in the South. We have, indeed, no cot
ton industry to workup, but we have a large quantity
of raw material that should be manufactured here.
Why should there not be a concerted and resolute
effort to attract to this State the attention of invest
ors? Why learn from Texas?
Young Alfred Vanderbilt missed the chance of a
lifetime in not stopping at San Francisco. The
whole people were willing to share with him the hot
time they have been having for the past few days.
BOOKS BY POST.
A LESSON FROM TEXAS.
"SHAMROCK WILL WIN."
So Says an Astrologer.
ASTROLOGICAL COMPARISON OF THE TWO YACHTS
For forty-eight years the sporting circles of Great Britain have been
trying to regain their lost trophy of yachting supremacy.' Fortunes have
been spent and lost In this so far vain effort, and the diplomatic relations
cf the two great Anglo-Saxon nations have been ruffled more than once
over this trifling silver cup, which in itself is not worth one-quarter the
value. of the poorest challenger or defender.
This year our English cousins, with hopeful hearts, send over a yacht
worth an independent fortune, with green paint on its sides, a beautiful
emerald name, and with the Irish pennant flying at Its mlzzen-top. These
tricks will no doubt appeal to the sympathy of the Irish New Yorkers,
where the race will be held, and In case of victory (for the Shamrock),
which teems more probable this year than ever before, and to the Intui
tional almost certain, it will take away part of the chagrin of a purely
English defeat
This article I have offered to the public only after a great many mis
givings, for It is hard for an American by birth, breeding and everything
(even though his business ls that of an astrologer), to write an article
which may appear unpatriotic; and to the betting fraternity I earnestly
hope that they will place no money on my predictions, for astrology is
altogether dependent on the judgment of the interpreter, and an error or
oversight in this respect is at all times possible.
As our graceful and resplendent yacht, the Columbia, the latest valiant
defender of our long-held trophy of victory, slid down the ways at Bristol,
R. 1., the cardinal sign Caprlcornus was on the ascendant, and Its ruler,
the strong, powerful, but unfortunate- planet Saturn, was retrograde in
the twelfth house, the house of grief and secret enemies. He Is also vio
lently opposed by the sun. Mercury and Neptune from the house of naval
forces, and by the ruler of the house of death. These configurations have
to a certain extent already been confirmed by the accidents that have oc
curred to the fleet racer. But Saturn, ruler of the figure, ls happily well
aspected by Mars and the benign planet Jupiter, showing the boat to be
good, powerful and a very* fast sailer. Venus, ruler of the tenth, the house
of honor and success, is also strong and in her own sign, and auspiciously
occupies the fifth house, the ruler of sports, races, etc. Here, therefore, is
a strong element of success, and if beaten it will be by a very small margin.
The Shamrock, the largest, lightest and most graceful rival yacht that
has ever come to American waters, was launched on the Thames at 3:33
p. m., June 2fi, 1599. As her burnished hull first struck water the strong,
fixed and malignant sign Scorpio was ascending, and Its ruler, the war
lord Mars, the planet of fight and push and Irish pluck, shone high In the
heavens and occupied the house of honor and success. Leo had culminated
for the day. and its ruler, the all-powerful sun, is applying to a close
benevolent aspect with Mars; these aspects are certainly auspicious of
success. The Irish boat will prove a very fleet and stanch racer, and Its
ruler, happily free from any malignant Influences, and receiving the kindest
rays from the ruler of the house of honor, presages for it a career of honor
and glory. Jupiter, the lord of the fifth house, the house of sports and
racing, is also In good aspect with the sun. but separates from the evil In
fluence of Saturn. The planets, therefore, are favorable and unfavorable to
a certain extent in each case. Both horoscopes, it will be seen, show ele
ments of strength and speed for their respective boats. There is still a strong
element of doubt left, after carefully considering each map of the sidereal
heavens. The boats are evenly matched, and it will be a very close con
test. The race may bo won by the Shamrock through an accident to the
Columbia, for the cup defender, although a fine boat, is the more unfortu
nate of the two. She will meet with accidents during her whole career,
and probably be totally wrecked or destroyed In the end.— James M. Lang
ham, in Leslie's Weekly.
CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Will Be Found Invaluable,
SAYS PROFESSOR W. W. ANDERSON.
CALIFORNIA MASONS
IN COMMUNICATION
THE GRAND LODGE MEETS FOR
THE FIFTIETH TIME.
An Encouraging Report Presented by
the Grand Master, Judge F. M.
Angellotti of San Rafael.
At 10 o'clock yesterday morning the
most worshipful Grand Lodge of Free
and Accepted Masons of California met
In annual convocation in the Masonic
I Temple. There were present nearly 500
I representatives who were assembled In
the interests of 267 lodges in this Jurisdic
tion. The following named grand officers
were also present: Master F. M. An
gellotti, San Rafael; Deputy Grand Master
Charles L. Patton, San Francisco; Senior
Grand Warden James A. Foshay, Los
Angeles; Junior Grand Warden William
| Sewall Wells, Martinez; Grand Treasurer
Edward Coleman, Grand Secretary George
Johnson, Grand Chaplain Edward B.
Church, Grand Orator Carroll Cook,
Grand Lecturer W. H. Edwards of San i
Francisco; Grand Marshal John W.
Boyd of Sacramento; Grand Standard
Bearer Samuel Prager of Los Angeles; J
Grand Sword Bearer Charles W. Nut- i
ting of Etna; Grand Bible Bearer Wil
liam Archibald of Pilot Hill: Senior
Grand Deacon Clarence W. Kellogg of
Lakeport; Junior Grand Deacon Emanuel
J. Louis of San Diego; Senior Grand
j Steward Hermann C. Bargmann of
Stockton; Junior Grand Steward James
!C. Ensign of Hanford; Grand Pursui-
I vant James F. Drake of Redlands;
j Grand Organist Samuel D. Mayer and
Grand Tyler George P. Adams of San
I Francisco.
This is the fiftieth annual communica
j tion, the first having been held in the
city of Sacramento on the 7th of May.
! 1850.
Grand Master Judge Angellotti In his j
| annual address, which is an able docu-
I ment, says that there has been during tne '
i year a net increase of over 875 I
I members, something which has been
| exceeded but once in- the history
jof the Grand Lodge In this State.
I Dispensations were granted to organize
West Gate Lodge at Los Angeles, Fruit
vale Lodge at Frultvale, Carquinez
I Lodge at Crockett and San Jacinto Lodge j
lat San Jacinto, while Covlna Lodge, to
j which a charter was granted by the pre
vious Grand Lodge, was regularly con- j
I stituted by Senior Grand Warden James ;
;A. Foshay of Los Angeles. Arcturas I
; Lodge and Petaluma Lodge were consoli- ;
i dated under the name of Petaluma Lodge, j
i and Pilot Hill and Georgetown lodges i
j were consolidated under the name of j
I Georgetown Lodge. No lodge during the i
I year surrendered its charter, and the :
I financial condition is as a rule favorable. '
I Harmony generally exists, and In most I
localities there is apparent a spirit of i
| zeal and enthusiasm that is most grati- 1
I fying.
Only one death occurred in the ranks
| of the past officers of the grand body '
; and none in that of the sitting grand
i officers. The death was that of Theodore
j Guevara Cockrill, who was senior grand
j warden in 1868.
During the year the Grand Lodge laid
. the cornerstone of the college building of
, the Faculties of the College of Physicians
i and Surgeons in San Francisco, of a new
i Methodist Episcopal church in Hod- '
j lands, and by direction of the grand
master the grand senior warden con
! ducted the ceremony of laving the corner
stone of the new City "Hall at Long
Beach.
The grand master enforced the law of
the' order that 'prohibits the work of
lodges being carried on In any language
but that of the ritual of the Grand Lodge,
which is the English language.
The grand treasurer and grand secre
tary presented their reports, which took
the usual course.
It was decided to convene the Grand
Lodge at 9 o'clock this morning and call i
it off at 11 o'clock, and have as many of
the representatives as can go to Decoto
to Inspect the Masonic Home at that ;
place.
To-morrow the officers for the ensuing ]
year will be elected. Last evening Pacific i
Lodge exemplified the work of the third
degree before the Grand Lodge.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Judge J. C. Law of Merced Is a guest at
the Lick.
William Spiers, the Callstoga stage
man, is at the Lick. •
Lieutenant O. D. Norton, U. 8. N.. is a
guest at the Occidental.
R. E. Hyde, a wealthy banker of Visalia,
is a guest at the Palace.
Dr. H. S. Orner has come up from Los
Angeles and is at the Occidental.
T. W. Mather, one of the leading busi
ness men of Napa, is at the California.
W. H. Clary, a mine owner of Stockton,
is among the, arrivals of yesterday at the ■
Lick.
C. G. Perkins, a mining man of Oro- i
vllle, is at the Grand, accompanied by his ,
wife.
C. W. Striner of Philadelphia arrived on
the overland last night and went to the !
Palace.
Captain Broomhead of the transport I
Pennsylvania ls registered as a guest at I
the Lick.
Hon. F. K. Lane, a prominent politician
of Minneapolis, is one of the recnt arriv
als at the Grand. TV",')
S. N. Griffith, the Fresno banker and
capitalist, Is at the Occidental, where ne
arrived yesterday.
W. W. Dourlas. Assistant Comptroller
of Sacramento, is among the recent ar
rivals at the Grand.
Charles C. Mclver. the Mission San Jose
capitalist and athlete, is at the Palace for
a short stay In the city.
W. W. Felton of San Luis Obispo, who
Is largely interested in Mexican mines, is
a guest at the Occidental.
John A. Mclntire. the Sacramento mine
owner, Is registered at the Grand. He
comes to this city on a short business
trip. t5..- •:
Professor T. S. C. Law has come up
from his home In Pasadena and Is a guest
at the California, where he will remain
for the next few days.
Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Churchill have ar
rived at the Palace from their home in
Napa. Mr. Churchill Is one of the leading
bankers of the city In which he resides.
Dr. A. P. Tartar of Tehama and Dr. J. j
D. Wrenn of Placerville are two well |
known physicians who are visiting tho j
city on pleasure bent. They are staying ;
at the Russ. '-V-'-;"' . .*.; ■;-.•;,;? -<.¥.
John Breuner & Co. of Sacramento and !
H. Friedman & Co. of this city are nego- j
tiating for an extensive upholstery fac- I
tory in this city, which will give employ- i
ment to hundreds of men.
James G. Woodworth has resigned his
place as general freight agent of the Ore- i
gon Railway and Navigation Company to I
become traffic manager of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company at Seattle.
Miss Mary West fall will give a talk on i
! "Pacific Sea Flora" in the parlors of the
| Occidental Hotel at 2 o'clock next Friday
afternoon. Those who attend may expect
a very interesting discourse as Miss
Westfall has been a close student of the
subject for many years.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.-Thomas CroHing
of San Francisco is at the G.lsey; L. T.
Moore and wife of San Diego are at the
iavov Professor Mongrenifle Lassom and
EW. Young of San Francisco are at the
Martin. ' •_ , .
. — — ■ •
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 10. -F. A. Dodge
X}-? 'AS FfSsyViSriK:
cisco is at the St. James.
. - — » o » ~
Blame on Expansion.
Editor Call; Your editorial in your is
suf of' this date entitled -,elf-Go\ern
ment" contains a remarkable , and exceed
ingly pertinent quotation from J""" £
Blame. In that « ffifbj* acnuisi
strongly condemns the »«»Oie *3 a _
tion of territory having a hostile popum
Hon Will you please infoim >ou. reau
ers when and where Mr. blame uttered
or wrote these words? ■ -■ R gones .
San Francisco. Oct. S. 1899.
'Our correspondent will find what he
seeks in "Political DJscuss.ons. Legisla
tive, Diplomatic and Popular. lSa6 ; im'by
James G Blame." Published at Norwich.
Conn., by the Henry Publish ft Com
nanv and copyrighted by Mr. Blame. The
''begins at the bottom line of page
359.
. ♦ ■
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
THE AUTOMOBILE— E. F.. Potrero
Cltv The Davis automobile was shipped
back to the point from which it started.
THE CITY HALL- Subscriber. City.
The corner-stone of the City "all of San
Francisco was laid on the 22d of
February. 1872.
LAKE WASHINGTON -J. L... City.
Lake Washington in the State of Wash
ington is 16 miles long. 314 miles wide at
the widest part and its greatest depth is
35 fathoms. -■ '
ASSESSMENT— J. X., San Jose. Cat.
If you own shares in a mining company
and do not pay the assessment, so much
of the stock as may be required to pay
that assessment will be sold after due
notice. If you hold stock on a margin,
and an assessment is levied, your broker
will call on you for the amount of the
assessment, and if you do not pay he will
sell you out unless you can make some
arrangement with him to carry your
stock. ■
SESSIONS OF CONGRESS— N. N . City.
The following dates of the- opening and
closing of the Fifty-third. Fifty-fourth
and Fifty-sixth Congresses of the United
States will give you an idea of how long
Congress remains in session:
Fifty-third— First session opened August
7 1893* closed November 3. 189.?. second ses
sion, December 1. 1833, to August 28, 1894;
third session, December, 1894, to March 4.
1895.
Fifty-fourth— First session December 2,
1896, to June 11- 1895: second, December J,
1896. to March i. 1897. ,_„_,
Fifty-fifth— First session, March lo: 189.,
to July 24. 1897; second' session. December
6, 1897, to July 8, 1898; third session, De
cember 5, 1898, to March 4, 1899.
CHEESE— A. S., Middleton. Cal. The
materials employed in making cheese aro
milk and rennet. The milk may be of any
kind, from the poorest skimmed to that
rich in cream, according to the quality of
cheese required. The material being
ready, the greater portion of the milk is
put "into a large tub and the remainder
sufficiently heated to raise the whole
quantity to the temperature of new milk.
The whole is then whisked together and
the rennet added. It is then allowed to
stand until completely ■ turned, when the
curd is struck down several times with a
skimming dish, after which it is allowed
to subside. The vat covered witii cheese
cloth is then placed on a horse Or ladder
over the tub and filled with curd by means
of the skimmer. The curd is pressed
down with the hands and more added as
it sinks. This process is repeated until the
curd rises about, two inches above the
edge. The cheese partially- separated
from the whey is placed in a clean tub
and a proper quantity of salt added, after
which a board is placed under and over
it, and pressure applied for two or three
hours. The cheese is then turned out,
new cheese cloth . put around it and
pressed again for ten hours. It requires
practice to make good cheese. There are
books that give all the details.
■•■ ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit SOc per Ib at Townsend's. •
« *> •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
. ♦ .
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Henry H. Blood of San Francisco, a
member of the firm of Harris. Blood &
Co. of Virginia City. Nev.; liabilities. $13.
--24127: assets, a claim for $3600. John H.
Tucker. blacksmith. San Francisco,
$382 63; assets, $5. John Callaway, San
Francisco. $2712 50; no assets.
■ ♦ .
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup'
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. lie sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
'■* ■ •
HOTEL. DEL CORONADO- Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay. 12 50 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
«♦ ■ —
Dental Association Officers.
The annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Dental Association was held Mon
day night and the following officers were
elected for the ensuing year: President
Dr. H. L. Seager; vice president. Dr. W
Z. King: treasurer, Dr. W. A. Knowles*
secretary. -Dr. C. Deichmiller; corre
spending secretary, Dr. M. V. Croall- li
brarian. Dr. R. Z. Taylor.
1
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
"~~— " n inn i in— iin_— m-jsj
Strong
Bones
In speaking about Scott's I
Emulsion for children, you
should not forget that it con-
tains lame and soda, just
what the child must have to
form strong bones and good
teeth. It's this forming time
you want to look after.
. Growing bodies must have an
easily digested fat Just think how
much of it there is in milk, as cream-
Scott's EMSIOI.
is even more easily digested than
cream. It's surprising how chil-
dren thrive when given it I
[HA Don't keep the children living on
the edge of sickness all the time.
Make them strong and rugged,
plump and hearty. Scott's Emul-
sion of Cod-liver Oil and the Hypo-
phosphites of Lime and Soda will do
this for them. ' '' j
SCOTT & BOWfrE, '-*._ nd $l °°- Yorlc
QLU-i. & BUW.NK, Chemists, New York._^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Save
Yourlteir
With Shampoos of
and light dressings or CUTICURA, purest of
emollient skin cures. This treatment at once
stops falling hair, removes crusts, scales and
dandruff, soothes irritated, itching surfaces,
stimulates the hair follicles, supplies the roots
with energy and nourishment, and makes the
hair grow upon a sweet, wholesome, healthy
scalp when all else fails.
prUT i VI) an ' 1 free from every blemish is the skin, scalp,
lluli A-«j_» OTf UUI and hair deansed, purified, and beautified by
CUTICURA SOAP. It removes the cause of disfiguring eruptions, loss of hair,
and baby blemishes, viz. : The clogged, irritated, inflamed, or sluggish condition of
the PORES. CUTICURA SOAP combines delicate emollient properties derived
from CUTICURA, the great skin euro, with the purest of cleansing ingredients
and most refreshing of flower odors. No other medicated soap ever compounded is
to be compared with it for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp,
hair, and hands. No other foreign or domestic soap, however expensive, is to be
compared with it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it com-
bines in ONE SOAP at ONE PRICE namely, 25 CENTS — the best skin and
complexion soap, and the best toilet and baby soap, in the world.
Speedy Cure Treatment for Itching, Burning, Scaly Humors.
Hot baths with CUTICURA SOAP to cleanse the skin, gentle anointings with CUTICURA
OINTMENT to heal the skin, and mild doses of CUTICURA RESOLVENT to cool the
blood. .Sold throughout the world. rice, THE SET, -'. 25; or SOAP, 25c.; OINTMENT,
60c.; RESOLVENT (half size), 50<\ POTTER DRUG & (HEM. CORP., Sole Props-,
Boston. Send for " How to Have Beautiful Hair, Hands, and Skin," mailed free.
COURT NOTES.
i nomas - iveuy. tne ex-r-once i
clerk, charii*d : with perjury, , appeared
before Judge Lawlor yesterday for trial.
The defendant and his attorney were on
hand, but ex-Deputy Sheriff Riley, whose
name it is alleged was affixed by Kelly to a
bond, did not appear. A continuance was
-hen taken until Riley is found.
The action of H. K. Bladt against the
Southern Pacific Company to recover
130.000 damages for personal injuries was
taken up by Judge Daingerfleld yester
day. Tea trial will occupy several days.
P. J. Winn, charged with obtaining
ADVERTISEMENT S.
NOTICE r
Taxes Due Upon Assessments!
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT,
STATE OF CALIFORNIA*
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11. 1899.
In accordance with the provisions of Section i
se'JS of the Political Code, notice* is hereby ;
given that I have received from the .State
Board of Equalization the "Implicate Record ;
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Dupll- I
cate Record of Apportionment of Railway Aa- |
eeesments," containing the assessments up ;n j
the property of each of the following named j
associations or corporations as fixed by said
Btate Board of Equalization for the yen: 1339, !
to- wit:
California Pacific Railroad Company. Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company, Northern Call- |
fornia Railroad Company, Northern Railway i
Company, South Pacific Coast Railroad Com- ;
pany, Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
Southern California Motor Road Company, j
Ban Francisco and North Pacific Railway |
Company. Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company,
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company. San ;
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company, Nevada County Narrow-Gauge Rail-
road Company, ''arson and Colorado Railroad
Company. Nevada-Callfornta-Oregon Railway
Company, Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad
Company, Pacific Coast Railway Company,
Alameda and San Joaquin Railroad Company,
'.ualala River Railroad Company, California i
and Nevada Railroad Company, Sierra Railway
Company of California. Sierra Valley Railway
Company, San Francisco and San Mateo Elec-
tric Railway Company, Randsburg Railway |
Company, and Pullman Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal i
property and one-half of the State and county ;
taxes on all real property are now due and i
payable and will be delinquent on the last j
Monday in November next, at 6 o'clock p. m., j
and unless paid to the State Treasurer, at the :
Capitol, prior thereto, ; per cent will be added
to th* amount thereof, and unless bo paid on ;
or before 'he last Monday In April : next, at \
6 o'clock p. m.. an additional 5 per cent will ,
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on all real property will be due and
payable after the first Monday In January !
next, and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day In April next, at 6 o'clock p. m.. and !
unless paid to the State Treasurer, at the
Capitol, prior thereto, E per cent will he added
to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLO AN, State Controller.
money under false pretenses, was con
victed by a Jury in Judge Lawlor' court
yesterday. Winn sold a saloon to John
and Margaret King at 6-3 Mission street
and when they came to examine the stock
they found that most of the bottles were
rilled with cold tea, there not being
"booze" enough in the place to satisfy
an ordinary sailor. They had Winn ar
rested, and he must pay the penalty for
his act.
An Attorney's Warm Reception.
A. H. Barendt, an attorney in the Mills
building, secured a warrant In Judge
Treadwell's court yesterday for the arrest
of 1.. Santinl, a plaster decorator at 41
Fulton street, on the charge of battery.
Santinl was arrested and released on his
own recognizance by the Judge. It ap
pears that Rupert Schmld, the. sculptor,
made some designs for figures for the
German Savings Bank and Santinl got
the job of doing the modeling. While
Schmld was In Los Angeles he discovered
In a store two figures from his design,
and ascertained that they had been pur
chased from Santinl. On his return ho
instructed Barendt to call upon Santinl
and demand why he had. broken the con
tract, and Santinl threw the attorney out
and hit him on the ROM.
Moved a House in the Night.
John A. Clayton, a carpenter living at
200 Elsie street, appeared before Judge.
Graham on the charge of malicious mis
chief. The complaining witness was
James Fagln. a neighbor. *Jt seemed that
the two had not been living on friendly
terms, and Fagin built a shack so as to
exclude light and air from Clayton's side
Window. Clayton and his son last Wed
nesday, during the night, moved the
shack, and Kagin ha* 1 Clayton arrested.
The Judge decided that Clayton would
have to remove the shack back to its
original position, and gave him until
Monday to do it.
In Next Sunday's Call.
JOAQUIN MILLER'S
LATEST POEM....
"Boston to the Boers."
THE SA-N FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER It, 1899.
THREE MILLIONS
MORE FOR FRUIT
IS YEAR'S GAIN
Estimates Made Up
by Two Experts.
— •
DRIED PRODUCTS A BONANZA
- — •
PRICES ADVANCED AND TRADE
FIELD GREW.
The farmers of California will receive
something: like $15,000,000 this season for
such products of their orchards and vine
yards as are canned or dried. This is
an advance of about $3,500,000 over the
total received last year. D. H. Porter of
Porter Brothers yesterday made an esti
mate of the State's dried fruit output for
The Call at ?5,390,000. Superintendent Fon
tana of the California Fruit. Canners' As
sociation estimated the canned fruit out
put at $6,500,000. The story of the year
as told by these gentlemen makes good
reading for the farmers and for all others
interested In the prosperity of California.
"There has not been an average crop
of peaches," said Mr. Porter, "but prices
have advanced. Dried peaches, for In
stance, are 25 per cent higher than they
were and the Eastern buyer who expected
to get them at his own figures is in the
lurch. At the beginning of the season
j the report was sent out that the peach
j crop would . be very large. The peaches
! will not exceed 1200 to 1300 cars, as
i against an early estimate of 2000 carloads.
The Raisin Association has put up the
price for raisins to almost double the
I figures of last year and yet the goods are
; moved as fast as they are ready. An
. advance has just been made in the prices
lof two grades of raisins. Three crown
! standard loose muscatels have gone up
' one-fourth of. a cent per pound and the
i four crown have- been raised one-half cent
per pound. These prices are netting the
j growers nearly double what they realized
I from the prices last year.
"My estimate Is that the season's out
< put will be 1200 carloads of peaches at
$1200 per car; 1000 carloads of prunes at
$;«■ per car; 350 carloads of apricots, for
which $"<'<■ would be a low average; 2500
carloads raisins, averaging $1200 at least;
pears, plums and nectarines and that sort
SUICIDE OF PON HIM,
A WEALTHY MERCHANT
Si — t^ON HIM, a wealthy merchant of
P 1 this city, member of the firm of
[ Shun Yuen Hing, 839 Dupont
is street, committed suicide aev-
eral weeks ago by jumping
overboard from the steamer China
near Yokohama. The n ws reached
the custom-house yesterday through
the agency of a letter received by Dep
uty Customs Collector N. S. Farley.
I Him had been n familiar figure
around the custom-house for the past
i fifteen years or more. He attended
personally to the large importing Inter
| ests of his firm, and also looked after
their banking business. He was a
j model of commercial honor, and his
bare word was taken in cases where
I an average Caucasian would be re
quired to give a l/"'
| Him was not more than 38 or 40 years
old. and was active and cheerful, but
some months ago his health began to
fail, and although his Caucasian
friends advised a vacation in the
mountains, he Insisted on going back
to China to visit his relatives. He left
this port on the steamer China on
August 25 of this year. When the
steamer was leaving Yokohama Him
became suddenly d ranged and jumped
overboard. The steamer waited for
two hours while a search was being
made for the body, but the searchers
failed to find it.
of fruit, 150 carloads, averaging $1500 per
car; apples, haps 150 carloads, at $1500
per car.
"The advance over last year's receipts
for dried fruits will be nearly $2,000,000.
This is due in part to the advanced prices
for raisins. Then, again, prune,- are large
and are netting more. The European
market for California goods la widening;
the Atlantic Coast demand Is Increasing;
the Oriental trade and increased con
sumption at home are also factors."
Superintendent Fontana of the Califor
nia Fruit Canners' Association made
these figures as his estimate: "The
canned fruit output will be, approximate
ly, about $»5,5<*),000 In value, and about
3.000.0U0 cases in amount. Last year the
pack was worth about 15,000,000 and the
output about 2,500,000 cases. One reason
for the increase is the general prosperity
of the world at large; the other is" the
lack of supplies, the market having been
cleared up, and that gave an opening for
large supplies this year.
BLAMED THE PILOT.
Charged With Responsibility for the
Wreck of the Morgan City.
Postmaster Montague received yester
day a letter from Oscar Schutt. a postal
clerk In the Philippines, in which the
writer gives an account of the wrecking
of the Government transport Morgan
City. Scbutt was a -passenger on the
transport at the time of the wreck. He
writes: "There was no excuse for th"
wreck. The watch called out 'land ahead'
several times. The second officer also
was on the bridge, and he also reminded
the pilot that there was land and for
him to slow down. The pilot thought
that he could turn the ship In time, but
missed the point. The second officer ar
gued with him and said that he would
strike. The second officer rang the gong
and slowed her down a little, thus sav
ing hundreds of lives. If she had struck
running at full speed I am afraid that
few of us would have escaped."
Rudolph Herring Arrives.
Rudolph Herring, the eminent civil en
gineer, who has been employed by the
city to examine, Investigate and approve
■ plan for a sewerage system for San
Francisco, In conjunction with Messrs.
Grunsky, Manson and Tllton, is in this
city, Stopping at the Palace Hotel. He
has just finished work for the city of
Philadelphia of the same character and
has been consulting engineer for most
of the prominent cities of America. Mr.
Herring was entertained at lunch by
Mayor Phelan yesterday. A plan for
drainage will probably be submitted to
the voters on December 23 and the report
of the engineers will doubtless be sub
mitted within ten days.
In the Divorce Court.
Lucy Bear was granted a divorce from
Solomon Bear yesterday on the ground
of desertion. A decree of divorce entered
by Judge Belcher in favor of Nettie Z.
Farrington and against Archibald Far
rington was recorded yesterday. Florence
Griffith has sued Owen J. Griffith for a
divorce, alleging failure to provide as
cause of complaint. Max Fox asks for
a divorce from Rosa Fox on the ground
of cruelty.
» ♦ *
Federal Indictments.
Ivor Evans was indicted yesterday by
the Federal Grand Jury for sending an
obscene letter through the malls ad
dressed to Miss Emma Rosener of this
city. Ivor was formerly a writer on the
California Illustrated World, which was
suppressed last year by the postal au
thorities.
Indictments were found also against
George Horton and Fred Gray for having
In their possession molds for making
counterfeit coin.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
FOR HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
FRED J. CROSS NOW ON HIS WAY
TO CONSULT MARCONI.
A Honolulu Business Man Who In
tends to Utilize the Ital
ian's Genius.
Among those who arrived on the Mari
posa yesterday is Fred J. Cross, a prom
inent business man of Honolulu, who is
on his way East to consult with Marconi
relative to establishing a system of inter-
Island wireless telegraphy in the Ha
waiian group.
Some time ago Mr. Cross received a
letter from Marconi making an appoint
ment for a meeting in New York, to
which city he is now bound In order to
witness the experiments which the won
derful Inventor will make under the
supervision of the Navy Department and
to consult with the brainy Italian regard
ing the establishment of his system for
practical use among the islands.
The instruments tor the experimental
stations on the different islands have al
ready been ordered and will be In Hono
lulu by the end of this month or the first
of November. As soon as Mr. Cross re
turns he will experiment on his own ac
count to ascertain the feasibility of the
idea, as it is his intention to ask for no
subscriptions to the stock of the company
he intends to start until he succeeds in
§ roving beyond the poradventure of a
doubt that the venture will be a success.
Mr. Cross will personally arrange with
t Marconi regarding the royalty on the In
struments and the system, and if possible
: will arrange for the Inventor to per
sonally accompany him back to the Ha
: waiian Islands and lend the assistance of
j his genius to the initial experiments.
The Marconi system has now been so
: thoroughly tested In the recent yacht
races that no further demonstration of its
efficiency is needed as far as regards
short distances and the conditions that
pertain on the antic seaboard. As far
as can be foreseen the same success
should obtain among the Hawaiian Is
lands and Mr. Cross may soon have the
satisfaction of knowing that it was his
perception and business foresight, allied
to the inventive genius of the wonderful
Italian, which gave to the Hawaiian Is
lands their first wireless telegraphic ser-
I vice.
PLANS FOR TRAFFIC
ASSOCIATION'S WORK
WASHINGTON SENATORS WILLI
BE INTERVIEWED.
Will Be Asked to Help Secure Pacific
Coast Representation on the
Interstate Commerce
Commission.
The executive committee of the Pacific I
Coast Traffic Association met yesterday j
and appointed a committee, consisting of ;
Frank Brown of the American Steel and
! Wire Company, C. R. Haven of Murphy, !
! Grant & Co. and E. R. Lllienthal of the
Crown Distilling Company, to wait upon j
! the Senators of the State of Washington, I
| both of whom are in the city, to confer j
j with them concerning the best way to se- j
j cure the appointment of a member of the !
; Interstate Commerce Commission to rep- '
resent the Pacific Coast. The committee !
to report the name of an attorney to as- i
i sist in the proceedings before the Inter
state Commissioners in Washington, D. i
C, on the 30th inst. was not ready to re
port, and more time was granted.
The executive committee meets daily,
and will probably meet every day up to
the time for the representatives of the
coast to depart for Washington. Much
that la done is necessarily confidential. ]
The committee members say that there
will be a strong fight and that the coast '
is in good shape to make the fight for its j
! interests. The following is a copy of the
j body of the circular sent out to the whole
salers, manufacturers and jobbers of the
■ coast to get the necessary funds:
: "The suit brought by the Business Men's
League of St. Louis before the Interstate
Commerce Commission against the trans
continental railroads and contributing
lines, demanding that the differentials be
tween carloads and less than carloads be I
i practically done away with; that rates be i
graded from the Atlantic seaboard west
to St. Louis, and that our present Western
terminal system be changed so as to give
all intermediate towns and cities a less j
rate than San Francisco and other ter
minals now have, is a move on the part
of St. Louis, Chicago and other Middle i
West cities, which if successful will re- I
suit in the destruction of the Jobbing bus
iness of the Pacific Coast. The suit is
really brought against you. The whole
salers, jobbers and manufacturers of the |
coast must become parties to the suit and |
defend their rights.
"To do this the Pacific Coast Traffic As- j
sociation has been organized, the member- I
ship of which will consist of all lines in- !
terested in maintaining and defending the i
Eosltlon occupied by the wholesalers, job- i
ers and manufacturers of this coast. j
Your subscription entitles you to mem- j
bership in that association. An attorney
must be employed and an answer filed at
once, as the hearing Is set in the city of !
Washington, D. C, for October 30.
"The committee appointed to receive j
subscriptions will call upon you In the
near future." |
CLEARLY PROVES
HIS INNOCENCE
AND IS RELEASED
Harry McVeay Was
Not the Robber.
♦
BLUNDERING POLICE METHODS
♦ — -
AN INNOCENT MAN THROWN IN
THE TANKS.
Harry McVeay, the cook who was un
justly suspected by Detective Crockett
and Sergeant Ellis of being the man who
stole a sack containing $4000 from the
buggy of Captain Barneson, and who
since last Sunday has been locked up In
the "tanks" in the City Prison, was given
his freedom yesterday, as it was conclu
sively shown that he had nothing to do
with the robbery. .-•: -'».'
The friends of the much abused man
I are now seriously thinking of preferring
J charges of Incompetency against the
I blundering sleuths who dragged McVeay
I from his place of employment and threw
j him In prison without first having ob
; tamed the least evidence against him.
: Yesterday Attorneys Harris and Hess,
! who had been employed by friends of the
j unfortunate man to defend him, visited
j police headquarters, intending to consult
; with him about his arrest. Becoming
; alarmed, Crockett and Ellis immediately
j informed Chief Lees of the presence of
the attorneys and suggested that McVeay
Ibe given his freedom. They both ad
; mitted that they had made a serious
blunder in arresting him.
Learning that the attorneys had applied
to Superior Judge Lawler for a writ of
habeas corpus, intending to secure the re-
I lease of their client. Lees, In order to cir
, cumvent them, sent word to the prison
; keeper to discharge 'McVeay from cus
' tody. McVeay was then ushered out of I
I the prison and told that he was at liberty
,to go where he pleased. The attorneys
1 were much chagrined over the action of
Lees, as they were anxious to show up
' the "Siberian methods" of the local Police
Department in trying to railroad an inno
: cent man to the penitentiary.
The statement of the arresting officers
that McVeay had been seen by a Mrs. ;
Willis entering the Nevada House, where
he roomed, with a sack of coin under his '
coat shortly after the commission of the i
robbery, is untrue. Mrs. Willis unhesitat
ingly declares that the man she saw with
a sack of money secreted under his coat
was Nils Toft, who is employed at the :
! Chutes. On the day of the robbery he j
i was sent to the Mint by his employers
to change some gold and silver into nick
els and dimes. The sack In which he
carried the money was stamped with the
letters V. S. A., and was similar to the
one stolen with In- valuable contents j
from the buggy of Captain Barneson.
Toft rooms at the Nevada House, and ,
after getting the supply of small change
he went to his apartments and placed the
sack and Its contents in a bureau drawer.
Knowing thai McVeay roomed in the
house, the "wise' sleuths concluded that
he was the man who had the sack under
his coat. Yesterday they learned their
mistake, much to their discomfiture.
McVi tells an amusing story of the
particular methods employed by Ellis and
Crockett to force him to make a "con
fession." They first tried to bulldoze him,
but a- he steadfastly proclaimed his in
nocence they resorted to cajolery to In
duce him to "squeal." McVeay has been
' advised by his friends to institute a suit
against Lees, Ellis and Crockett for false
| imprisonment
Jealous of Her Husband.
Mrs. Hannah Herbert, 23 Chesley street,
learned hat her husband bad bought a
parrot for $S and presented It to a girl
who played an organ in a saloon. It
roused her jealousy, and Monday night j
she filled up with whisky and was sent to .
the Receiving Hospital suffering from an
attack of delirium tremens. She works
In a pickle factory and is the mother of
two children. Her husband called at the
hospital yesterday and assured her that
the story of the parrot was false, and !
during the afternoon they went home to- j
gether.
Hotel Baltimore, Van Ness avenue and Geary
street; elegant sunny thret-ityom suite and
oath; also hot and cold salt water baths. •
Tried the Gas Route.
An unknown laboring man rented a |
room at 072 Mission street Monday night,
and yesterday morning was discovered
in bed with the gas turned on. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital in the
ambulance, and after the usual res
toratives were applied, the doctors
thought that he would recover. Whether
it was iccident or design will not be |
known till he recovers consciousness.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
K_EHPB_B««aBEEnO!_.___aS
[Free Tickets!
■g TO THE g
j Orpheum! {
a ■
a BUY TOUR ~>
[ Lenox and j
I Ivory Soap 1
El SAVE YOUR WRAPPERS AXD S
■ GET FREE TICKETS TO THE ■
\ ORPHEUM. j_
| The Johnson=Locke 1
I Mercantile Co., j
1 204 FRONT STREET, _j
SS BAN FRANCISCO, B
•■ will Exchange for Lenox and Ivory 5
": Soap "Wrappers 2
■ FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM ■
■ UNDER THE FOLLOWING CON- ■
gj DITIONS: ■
F-Ji If You Want a 2."^ Reserved Seat ■
3 Send 38 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP m
*■ Or 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP'S,
■ Or else send 15 Wrappers of LENOX ™
3 SOAP and C Wrappers of IVORY SOAP ■
at If You Want a Me Reserved Seat M
'■* send ...60 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP -;
■3 0r........ 24 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP =
■ Or else send 25 Wrappers of LENOX ■
Q SOAP and 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP &
■ "' - •—--■■■■ *
ÜBBBHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
J visit DR. JORDAN'S great!
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
§ gft icsi-um;.ff.to..6£i7&,B.r.Cii.i
X* t^T The Largest Anatoinieri Museum in the _
V 9aSslm d i*;>.-e pe«iiil»«-ly r«r»4i y eldest ff
T mETSbm di»?Ase pr»HI»«-ly cnre-hy the oldest V
A) IF _!■ ipe.ii.et i a 'he Couc Est. 36 years 0
A fl_3_f J DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES A
a f 4CRmI Consultation free and trrlrtly private \
A I _W ■ Tr« time-it pcrscnnlly pr by letter. A J
TO ff la II Poitite Cur. in every tl« undertaken. V
Am If Ift Write for Book. PBII.OJJOPBY «f A
frl a 1 MAnnuci;, mailed frbe. (At
"\ A "'■ _. valuable book for men) ~ \
08. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
lA/. X. HESS,
HOTABY PUBLIC AKD ATTOBNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 981. . . ,
Residence. 821 California Bt., below Powell,
San Francisco. - : v ?
ADVERTISEMENTS. "
HEas3.ea3aaEHaaia__Hn_naaanaßfflaHai3aaa
(Special Bargains j
I in Ladies' Skirts ! 1
■ ' ' ■
-_. B
| Ail-woo! Plaid Skirt, made with habit back j|
i ''^n\ well lined and finished, regu- ft*} Ofl !_
° Si)o larly $6.50. SPECIAL at. . OJaUU B
I \£gjswH i
S '*ffisLy All-vvool Gray Homespun Separate Skirts, |
B rtW£ habit back, lined throughout and 5
ra r^^H' finished with tailor stitching ; ft! Cft B
| M&2 a $7.50 skirt. SPECIAL at QTi OU I
1 jfj^g Fine Quality All-wool Cheviot Skirts, blacks g
I y^^SS^ and blue, lap seam, tailor finish, habit s
SJ|B6|?fc^\ bark, lined throughout ; a regular |
H -^S«B^ $7.50 skirt. SPECIAL at.. (frJj rft g
s m H.Dus
B " * * " 5
] The New Silk and Wool Black Crepon Skirts, very dressy, fj
1 habit backs, worth $15.00. SPECIAL at. . .ft it\ Aft ■
! KELLY & LIEBES' °J_ zJ
I 120 KEARNY STREET. 3
:,■■■■„■■■.■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■.■■■■■■■■■:
BBBBBBaBHBBBBBBBBfIaBBBBHBBBBBBBBBBBHBQBBHBBBB
I I I AMUSEMENTS.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS, _i_~~X
A $7.00 BOOK. f C\*A«<».o.<.*.«stMfc.
The Book of the century. Handsomely 11-vT_re-^_'o^-/^-V%s_^-^.
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's Wffl%_!WwJ%__is]_?_l^^^X^_
"given FREE
to each person Interested In subscribing A Bill to Please All Ages and the Best Ever
to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir Offered in San Francisco,
Fund Subscribe any amount desired. BRING THE CHILDREN' TO SEE THE
Subscriptions as low as $1 will entitle PONY COMEDIANS,
donor to this daintily artistic volume MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY, OCT. 11.
"FIELD FLOWERS" ld. a any part C ' "^ balcony ' 10c; children -
(cloth bound. Sxll). as a certificate of sub- " ' Direct From Europe,
scription to fund. Book contains a seiec- _______ _ _ _ _ -- _ _ _ _ __
tion of Field's best and most representa- |7| f11317Kl V T^DllTTDir
tive works and is ready for delivery. £ JLV/_\£._l Li 1 IWJ U 1 JU.
But for the noble contribution of the '
world's greatest artists this book could not FAMOUS ACROBATS— 6
have Ix-en manufactured for less than J". HOWARD'S PONIES. DOGS AND MONKIES;
The Fund created Ir divided equally be- an act for children and adults only,
tween the family of the late Eugene Field LE PAGE SISTERS, LITTLE ELSIE. HA-
and the Fund tor the building of a monu- WAIIAN QUEENS, and others just as good,
ment to the memory of the beloved poet THE WHOLE BILL IS ENTIRELY NEW.
of childhood. Address — — ' ' ■
twmm V O T^^!SS^T CALIFORNIA THEATER.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to send postage, enclose THE YOUNG AMERICAN TRAGEDIENNE.
Mention this j^^^g Inser^TaT NANCE ()'NEIL.
~ TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW NIGHT AND
**" t HUfi „tfß__w -** 1 *"©!- SATURDAY MATINEE. •
Taß^/li%^%#% The New "CAMILLE."
K?(_^_lflW^^ »*l S 1 Friday and Saturday Night,
l^Kfe^ ° R j . mmf -THE JEWESS."
1 W_* TORPI-J LiVLß^_^Aw Commencing SUNDAY NIGHT. OCT. 15th.
It S^S^r . "^Ki LAST WEEK OF NANCE O'NEIL. Sunday,
B rjGSVsr Th#» Hf»<lt Ctf I\\\ 5§S Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday
*f£tr «... * ' Ml Nights and Saturday Matinee. "MAGnA';
/&§? i'Or BIIIOUSneSS, Jet* Friday Night (Only Time). "THE SCHOOL
]&& -...,.--.---.,.;_- n--H oil ___P FOR SCANDAL": Saturday Night (by special
4#r Dyspepsia find an jSW -quest). "OLIVER twist."
M Stomach Disorders.^^ popular pmcEs. so 7sc. n( 3(to. ca nd «c- a_u-
/^^^^j^^^{o ALCAZAR THEATER.
CL^^l^^rili i A ™ EOUS RECEPTION t °
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED. I ii r
[?3(l2_i' ! rtNmANi
\ V **^H A vfe^jjtr A 1-Sfl / H Elegant Scenery and Stage Effects.
_. y?^-_e?. _fW«iffl-.'c*^_ it MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
| Kk »if_^^^K*^_S fcg NEXT WEEK— "A MASKED BALL."
DR. MEYERS ft CO. have trie largest prao- 1 rnnwn ODPP A-UAI IQP
tlce and best equipped medical Institution ■ , VJrVrtlii./ UrCl-rt IIUUijC.
|on the Pacific Coaat. Established 17 rears. ■ TELEPHONE MAIN 532
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at office ■ tfrt" ■""!!_ jmai.> m.
,or by mall. , All letters confidential. • at The public will never cease .... a
„' 7 __■■ , _ _, — . The public will never cease to entertain a
781 Market St., Bail FPanCISOO. I particular affection for operas like "Girofle-
TH-HK.THI HI 1- 1 __— U_M_JW_M_B— l____i__— l wherein jolly music and bright dia-
e^ ga^~^~^~ , ~^~*~^~^~^~^~^ > * logue unite in producing a pleasant entertain-
" ' j ment. One thing must be put to the credit
r~> a l a /- • A I 1 C _I~»M I A 'of the Grand Opera-house and that is the
bAJA L/Aj_.rV-Jr\rNl/\ ! pains taken In the production of Its plays.
! There is never a hitch in the performance.
T^ _____•-___ -_ 1 I*Xl _.-._._-. The mounting, costumes and chorus present
U&ffil&llcl JjIIIGPS s_i*Si_ chic a^ earance - Lou,s Meti * er in
vine. G " al KeSloraUVe> ' « orator *™ N «- j Lecoc£s Spa™» SmU^Opera,
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special /"I TT^ /^'CT _?* -O TD _T\T7T A 1
; Tonic tor the Sexual Organs of both sexes. ITlriLlrLiP- - lllnUr LAI
The Mexican Remedy foe Diseases of the Kid- " lw * **** Mlllvl J___ *
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merita.
NABER. ALFS ft BRUNE. Agents. j NEXT WEEK— "NANON."
423 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.) . USUAL PRICES— 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c.
— - — — ■ — — Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee 250.
P. -r , Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
m% Chlch titer's Eagilsfc Diamond Brand. *•- ! -_--————-——_-------—--————--———-——_———_-
EHNYROYAL PILLS Columbia theater.
/Ct( Km ■»«.•:»»." wiiabta. metUrnXJUa -_R_- DPTITQTPR AT THE A 1 UJN _■-_ I
f'JSJryvk Drn.tlit for C%<.AM(*r* Sngli.lt D.i-JlfQ, liC-VJXO 1J- iv BOXOFFICE ■** Vlv \jEi 1
£ r **VtS^P»&nundl Brand la Red as. Go!'.. m»u!Uo\\^r
H^ —^!>fiji <«. Moled -rtth bins rlboon. Take \W* I' . i You will soon be un-
W 4% «f3no ether. itiAwirfar vgtrox.3 rutttit* V B_3 .<-. ~ 7 ' /R_ 1 able to aeci:re room
17 — fW Urn. ana («o«. m. AiDrufgiMt»,uittttt*. ; HW% 3 Bar BL ~i "■: of any kind
I 4" 3 «*?-eUe* f.r pujleßl.7l. t«u»c-_li aa« ! UVIC ■■ The ereat com^y
\nr m belief for Ladles-" (n let ur. br retan i I IRe Kr comedy
«V AT Mall. 1 Titliaooltli. •r^-p^tr. '■ __ success!
■MlyallU-mrawlitt. PfJlttOA^PA* T^ *S f FURNISHING
FUN
iHIWASKSSiiCcSL -TORI^Y GALORE!
IJg Permanently Cart. SV X I O AL .U Kt.
1 fS &1 Bra BR KLIHE'S fiRBAT EDDY FOY, JOSIE DE WITT. PHIL H.
M H «*!» li-^^S RYLEY. BERTIE FOWLER AND
na- m m xa~ g£f)\fE RESTORER other big hits in the cast;
ii and ». roue- Panc^ NeKiu-TK.r.o_«_s i_ ; ;?..;- Special Farce Comedy Prices.
•ft*, cm 417 '•«••. and $9 trial bottle Evenings $1. -sc. 50c, 25e
. to -I-. . ~»^' tt-TP»yln««tp««.cb-rfc.<»lr Matinees 75c. &0c and 230
when — ertT^. Stai •« Or. KUn«. Ltd. Bfllerae *"" v |
• laiUtnf of Medldae. 9*l Arch St.. rtl'.ntelntla. Ps. ' ~~ :
— OLYMPIA c'&lKo*
AMUSEMENTS. . The Only Free Vaudeville Show In the City.
T M/ni I ADCDrt UIIIICC Week Commencing MONDAY. October 9.
TIVOLI OPEKA-HOUSt. first APPEARANCE of
y GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON! Al_lsl_K IA. I_ AINCj
■■'•'=•":,'■ Prima Donna Soprano.
TO-NIGHT' TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! -^....■;;,,~ ______
__..__. ,  . , -.  DON'T FAIL TO SEE
Friday Evening and Saturday Matinee. _-»■■»--«_»- «»■—.« -_-_
Balfe's Melodious Opera, ....RUTH NELTA....
_"> 14 ~¥~ ]_ IVT IT ■ f t_ And Her _^P' no Bab y-
» A l AIN £1 LLi A Wu%Wll
One of the Season's Greatest Successes The gwlnj?^ wonder.'
Verdi's Tragic Creation, And a Host of Other Flret-class Attractions.
§ «p- j-_ j^ -. I^f.s ADMISSION FREE. MAT. EVERY SUNDAY.
. Thursday. Saturday. Sunday Nights. AMATEUR NIGHT~EVERY FRIDAY^
As Superb an Opera as "Othello." CONCERTS AND RESO ITS.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and &oc. TT " " ""
Telephone for Seats-Bush 9. CHUTES AND ZOO!
RACING! RACING! RACING! every afternoon and evening.
. ADGIE AND HER LIONS.
1899 -CALIFORNIA JOOKE7 CLUB-1900 —high diver —
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY, dtp. AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW,
tember 23. 1899. • _
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. THURSDAY NIGHT,
d a»ra d nY 6 a T t u u» ffi_^__2^ Amateur As> You - Please Match,
fee^tSrT.tTS'r^ l&rp. Phone for Seats, Park 23.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and " — ~~ ™
12:30. 1, 1:30. 2. 2:30 and Ip. m.. connectln* p.' —:_- f■■ _____ - ___ » ■ «
with trains stopping at the entrance lv th'» ffT-iT* OlsFDfl S '
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound. ILr It . ■ 1 BLImX^H- C 5
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San _r-H /m. Bl _n»_ t_~ * ■_ ■
Pablo avenue Electric Cats at Seventh and OT _, Bat la 13 El S3 R" I%J
Eroadway, Oakland. Also alt trains via Ala- ~ kjl~ Ur _L. _f_P b_L- I^
meda Mole 'connect with" San ' Pablo avenue MEDICAL
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland. _. -_ ■■■ _--, Z~, A ~L i-p_— •_— _- _ *
Thtse electric cars go direct to the track in flr " Di ©C©VEH^
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and . >^^ TJ»_TT_-ifr^™ \~.
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after tho last r»c«. ___ _-»._-_._■ .-«i r-V-T. . ,._,
» ""^^vlJ^ wylliams ja. prwident BLOOD-LI VER.LfIJNGSi
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. 1 ' — . , _-__.
78
RAIN QUENCHES RAGING FIRES AROUND TAMALPAIS
Wall of Flame Advancing to De
stroy Corte Madera Extin
guished by a Providential
Downpour.
Jjf7yr> TIMELY downpour of rain has
I \\ extinguished the fierce forest fires
j' — that have raged since Monday
'J U> afternoon around the base of
Mount Tamalpais. " At 9 o'clock
last night the onrush of flame seemed to
threaten the destruction of the towns of
Larkspur and Corte Madera. It seemed
as If nothing could stop the roaring in
ferno that bad mounted the ridge separat
ing them from Mill Valley. New assist
ance rushed to fight the fire.
At 10 o'clock, when hope seemed lost,
when houses had been stripped of their
furnishings and the roadside was littered
with them, the clouds opened and rain
began to patter, slowly at first, faster as
the wind died down from a howling pale
to a gentle breeze. The ruddy glow in the
eky from the mile of fire died down and
'veered to the west, where great black
. storm clouds had gathered. Faster and
faster came the downpour. The previously
-stricken residents hurried back
with their household goods; the sky grew
; black, the fire died down and by mid
; night had been soaked so thoroughly that
.southern Marin County had no fears as
it turned into its bed tor the night, tired
and happy that Its roof was still over
its head.
Nothing short of this providential down
pour could have stayed the progress of
the flames. Checked Monday night and
yesterday in their advance down Corto
Madera Canyon to Mill Valley, they
smoldered awhile in the afternoon only
to burst forth with renewed fierceness
and to wheel with a mighty roar In a
fiery attack from Warners Canyon around
: the eastern slope of Tamalpais on the
rldge that separates the valley from Bal
timore Canyon. At 9 o'clock at night a
-phalanx of leaping flames a mile long and
Tialf a mile wide was sweeping on down
,-t he western side of the rldge toward that
canyon, threatening Corte Madera and
Larkspur. At Corte Madera everything
appeared doomed before the onsweep of
.the flames and people rushed frantically
about In their homes getting together
what portables they could, burying others
in hastily dug holes and deserting their
homes to Join the newly summoned crews
of re-fighters in a last desperate hope
that the onrush of flame might be mlrac
.tiiously stopped.
For those that had nothing to lose from
the conflagration the sight was magnifi
cent beyond all description. For miles
around the countryside was visible in rud
dy relief. Sparks shot upward into the
llaring heavens, descending In showers
into the roaring, crackling, seething fur
nace breath. The wind swept from the
.lorthwest through the gulches and down
the hillsides Into the wall of fire, bending
tl/esie
WILL DRIVE
THEIR OWN
TROTTERS
Members of Golden Gate Park
Dnv.ng Association Classify
Entries for Their Forth-
coming Meeting.
The members of the Golden Gate Park
Driving Association met last night in
their rooms at the Palace Hotel and ar
ranged the programme for their winter
race meeting. This will be held on the
Ingleside track on the 21st Inst. The
members are making elaborate prepara
tions to entertain their friends. As a
first means to that end the entries are
unusually large and promise well In the
way of sport.
Two novelties will be presented one a
double-team race, for which four entries
have been received, and the other a novel
variety of heat race. In the latter the
horses entered will be divided first into
two heats. First and second horses In
each of these will start in a second heat
to determine possession of first and sec
ond money. The remaining horses will
then race one heat for third money. This
will be an experimental race, and will be
watched with especial interest.
J. C. Ohlandt has already one win in the
Frank O'Kane cup race to his credit, and
will put forth unusual efforts to score a
second victory tor. the valuable cup.
After the entries were closed last night
a classification committee, composed of
the following members, passed upon their
merits: F. G. O'Kane, li. H. Dunlap, H.
F. Patrick, Dr. C. W. Kleiser and L.
Richardson. They subdivided them as fol
lows:
Frank O'Kane cup — Dr. G. W.
Kleiser's Alto Velo; J. W. Hamerton's
Alfred ii; J. Curley's Prince; J. C. Oh-
Jandfs Harvey B.
Team race— ll. H. Dunlap's King Ca
denza and I Direct; ,E. Stewart's Billy
McKinley and Correct; Charles New
man's Ruby M and Bessie Rankin; li.
F. Patrick's Cathika and Butcher Boy.
2:40 class— l. B. Dalzell's Bobby J: J.
O'Kane's Bandow; F. Commet's Pardee;
13. Stewart's Poonnan; A. Schwartz's
Baby D; J. Foss' Lafayette; J. C. Kirk
trick's Lullaby; Dr. K. T. J.ainer's
Blanche L. -' i
2:20 class— E. Cerciat's Bishop Hero; J.
G. Chesley's Goldy; G. Lapham's Robert
II; K. Cerciat's Oaknut; J. Holland's
Elsie; .T. C. Kirkpatrick's Azalea; F. G.
OK,-. Athavis; N. Otto's Correct; E.
Stewart's Billy McKlnley.
Ingloside track Is to be placed In flrst
class condition for the harness horses, a
force of men being In readiness to work
on it the week preceding the meeting.
The attendance is Invariably large as the
gates arc thrown open to the public. It
Is the aim of the members to popularize
driving.
C ANGELS OLYMPIC BONDS
The Big Athletic Club Is Again, a
Beneficiary, This Time of
Henry B. Buss.
The Olympic Athletic Club Is again a
beneficiary, Henry B. Russ, its treasurer,
being the latest to return bonds held by
him to be canceled. He handed In $3000
worth without consideration.
Hugo D. Keil, a life member, and as
such exempt from dues, sent his check
for 150 some days since. Accompanying
it was a note saying he approved of the
work being done by the new board of of
ficers.
Architect W. D. Shea, a director of the
club, is preparing plans for the new hand
ball court to be erected on the lot to the
west of the club building. According to
present intentions it wilt be ready for use
within sixty days.
On the Ist of November the servants of
the club will be uniformed, the elevator
Kervlce improved, extension telephones
installed throughout the building and
other improvements made.
Abuses His Mother.
HFrank Howard, a genuine "tough," llv-
Ing at 569% Minna street, went home early
yesterday morning drunk and chased
his mother out of the house, threatening
10 kill her. He fell and cut his forehead,
and had to be taken to the Receiving
Hospital. Yesterday his father, N. P.
Howard, swore to a complaint In Judge
Graham's court, charging him with
vagrancy, and he was booked on the
charge. He was released from the County
Jail a few days ago, after serving six
months for beating his mother, * 1 ...
lit in rolling waves. There was something
Plutonic In the air. Men and women ran
1 to and fro, blinded by the glare of the
I oncoming fire, gesticulating wildly and
shouting discordantly, lending a demoniac
reality to the infernal ensemble.
When the flames first leaped over the
ridge in the afternoon Roadmaster John
Taker of the narrow gauge line sent twen
ty-five section men to fight them. The
railroaders were reinforced soon after by
another force of twenty-five men hired
by E. H. Pizley of Corte Madera. • All the
male residents of the town and of Lark
spur Joined them in an attempt to back
lire the advance coming faster and faster.
The alarm grew as the gale roared and
I the fire leaped heavenward. Pillars of
| smoke rose high to conceal the blood-red
sun, and clouds of dust were whirled
; through the canyon. The fire was coming
from the southwest right-in the teeth of
! the gale, that was blowing not less than
forty miles an hour. There were only two
campers In Baltimore Canyon, Miss Nellie
Baker and Miss Sylvia Campbell of 347
Minnesota street, this city, and their
I goods were moved at once to Larkspur.
Charles Rice and Charles Burkhardt of
, San Rafael and A. Silva of Corte Madera
volunteered their services and their ex
press wagons, and were soon busy moving
the furniture of the Corte Madera house
holders to Larkspur, where, though the
; flames threatened to reach it, they might
! be safe for a breathing time. Messrs. H.
Met—ler and J. Herzog of the Larkspur
! Hotel gave storage to much of the hast
i ily moved furniture, while the remainder
was stacked in piles along the county
i road.
The wind died down a little toward
i dusk, and although it was still blowing to
i the fire the conflagration grew and roared
and advanced, until at dusk it reddened
I the sky until it could be seen as far as
i San Francisco, fifteen miles away. At 9
i o'clock it was reported that nothing could
stop the rush of the fire down Baltimore
; Canyon and that the houses of the follow
! ing were doomed: Attorney E. C. Chap
; man. George Wall. M. Gilllgan, Joseph
i Simms. Charles Wilson, Miss O'Connor,
John O'Connor, Dr. Bliss, Miss Adams,
Walter Peterson, Dr. Card, Peter S.
Conke, William Jackson, A. .F. Sheldon I
and E. H. and H. L. Pixley. At Chap- I
man's the women folk had torn up all the ;
carpets, and placing In them many arti
cles of value they could not very well
carry, burled them In a hastily dug hole i
In the soft loam, to be dv? up again when
the expected fires sweeping toward their
home had been finally extinguished.
On the Coleman-Forbes tract John
Wade, a wealthy land owner, had twenty
five men engaged back-firing In order to
check the advance of the flames to his j
property, near Alto station. Owners of
cattle were driving their herds out on the I
county road out of reach of danger.
Sporting Stents from All Over the World.
RECORD
SMASHED BY
TROTTERS
Peter the Great and Tommy
Britton Head and Head in
Sensational Race-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 10.— To-day's
card of five races was made notable by
the breaking of one world's record in the
trotting of a fast half-mile over a rather
slow track. It was in the first heat of
the Ashland stake, which was regarded
as a two-horse race between Tommy
Brit ton and Peter the Great. In the first
heat Peter the Great and Tommy Britton
showed the greatest speed ever seen in
a public race when they trotted head and
head the half-mile in 1:014. with the sec
ond quarter In :294. By some it was
considered that bad driving may possibly
have lost the race for the two heavy
favorites. They kept together to the last
eighth, when Tommy Britton drew aw.iv
and won by a length, all out.' with j-vier
the Great as greatly distressed. Tommy
Britton was done for and Bonatella, w.i .
had finished first in the third and fourth
in the first two heats, took the race
rather easily.
The Slock Farm purse was won by
Endow from a good field of youngsters.
Arlington was an almost even money
favorite for the 2:07 pace, but Eyelet, In
a hot struggle, took the race from him.
It was one of the best cards of the meet
ing. Results: <-*•
2:10 class, pacing, purse $1000 (unfinished
from Monday)— Bell Boy won fourth, fifth and
seventh he^ts. Time, 2:11, 2:074, 2:11. Little
Tliorne won second and third heats and was
second. Time. 2:U4. 2:114. Free Bond, dis
tanced in seventh heat, won first and sixth
heats. Time, 2:144, 2:1..%. Fairview. Blaze
Boy, Atlantic King, Oddity. Shade On, Byzan
tine. Jersey Mac and Hartford Jr. also started.
Stock Farm purse, trotting-, foals of 1897,
purse $3000— Endow won in straight heats. Time,
2:18. 2:17. Nervana second. Major Delmar
third, Ashby L fourth. Indian Jim, Iva Lee
and Susie J also started.
2:07 class, pacing-, purse $1500— Eyelet won In
straight heats. Time, 2:074, 2:08, 2:08. Arling
ton second, Darlel third. Fanny Dlilard and
Indiana also started.
The Ashland. 2:10. trotting-, purse $3000—Bona
tella won third, fourth and fifth heats. Time.
2:124. 1:12%. 2:12%. Peter the Great won sec
ond heat in 2:124 and was second. Tommy
Brltton won first heat In 2:09% and was third.
Battleton fourth. Louise Mac also started.
2:23 class, trotting, purse Phrase won In
straight heats. Time, 2:14%, 2:144, 2:144. Slip
away second. Baron Bell third. Corea, Dr.
French, Ztega and Llllle II also started.
CHICAGO. Oct. Croesus* victory at
a mile and three-eighths and Fount's
amazing speed in the mile and a six
teenth-were the features of to-day's sport
at Hawthorne. Croesus won merely by
wearing bis Held out. Found led by ful
ly a sixteenth the. last half-mile of her
journey and pulled up, beating the track
record a second and a half. Weather
clear; track fast. Results:
Six furlongs— Gilmore won. Tekla sec
ond. Irish Jewel third. Time, 1:15%.
Six furlongs— Lynah won, Bright Evee
second. Border third. Time, 1:1434:
Five furlongs— Georgle won. Hermoso second.
May Beach third. Time, 1:00%.
Mile and three-elghths—Croesus won. Double
Dummy second. Plantain third. Time. 2:22.
One mile and a sixteenth— Found won, Ar
baces second, Mary third. Time. 1:47.
Five and a half furlongs— Hagerdon won,
Alice Turner second, Capron third. Time, 1:07.
DETROIT, Oct. 10.— Five favorites won
nt Windsor to-day over a fast track.
Jockey J. Gardner, who was suspended
at the Fort Erie meeting, was notified to
day that Ills suspension would last until
January 1. Results:
Selling, six furlongs— Ode Brooks won. Iris
second, Percita' third. Time, 1:15.
Five and a half furlongs — Pharaoh won, Liz
zie McCarthy second. Cariboo third. Time. 1:08.
One mile Compensation won. Branch second
Rosy Morn third. Time, 1:42.
Six furlongs, selling— S won. Lela B
I second. The Grinder third. Time, 1:15%.
Seven furlongs, selling— won. Sister
Alice second. Lady of the West third. Time
1:27%. '
" Six furlongs, selling— H. Ketcham
won, Wilfrid Laurier second, Nekarnls third
Time. 1:14.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.-The Rancho del
Paso and the Fairview were the features
at i Morris Park to-day. In the , former,
which was for two-year-olds, Brigadier,
who ran second in the Futurity, was 'a
hot favorite, Pupil, Montanlc and Waring
being about equal second choices. They
Jtrere sent off on the fourth break to a,
THE SAN FRAN CISCO" CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1899.
FLAMES SWEEPING ONWARD TO BALTIMORE CANYON.
From Mill Valley and Corte Madera
Canyon came other reinforcements, men
who had become veteran fire fighters in a
night and a day, and they, too, plunged
Into the seething vortex, and still the
flames rushed on.
And then as if by magic the gale
softened to a breeze, the wind veered
and the rain began. It seemed to drop so
gingerly In spots for a time that those
who had been Inwardly praying for It as
the only salvation were fearful to shout
lest they should be disappointed: but
more than one gave silent evidence of the
faith that was in him by starting, furni
ture-laden, for his recently deserted home.
The promise contained it. the first gentle
patter was confirmed a few minutes later
by a steady dropping and by the incoming
of a stormcldud from the west that pre
saged more. In less than fifteen minutes
the shower was heavy. At 10:30 o'clock it
was still coming down and all danger had
passed, and the most fearsome, toilsome
good start. Waring rushed to the front
and showed the way to the dip with all
the others close up. At this point Brig
adier made his run, and drawing away
without trouble, came on and won under
wraps by three lengths. Pupil took the
place by a neck from Montanic. Leando
took the Fairview, ridden out, from
Tamer and Holland. Tamer was the
favorite, but was poorly handled by
Dangman. Results:
six and a half furlongs— Walt Not won.
Emigre second. St. Simonian third. Time, 1:23.
Eclipse course— Belle of Memphis won. Sou
chon second, Himtlne third. Time, 1:124.
Rancho del Paso. Eclipse course ßrigadier
won. Pupil second. Montanlc third. Time, 1:1.3.
Fairview, selling, one and a sixteenth miles —
I.eando won. Tamer second. Holland third.
Time, 1:494.
One — Scotch Plaid won. Rare Perfume
second. Myth third. Time 1:424.
One mile — Carnero won. Box second, St. Cloud
third. Time, 1:42.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— The remainder of
the thoroughbred mares of Messrs. Morris
and Walden were sold to-day at Morris
Park as follows: *>;-«, :-:y
FJlattc, b. m.. 21, by King Fliher^-Fllagree,
J. E. Madden. $1000.
B. _. S.. br. m.. 12, by Tom Ochiltree—To
nique, J. E. Madden. $600.
Specialty, b. m., 14. by Sensation —
Mack, J. E. Madden. $1000.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Tuesday, October 10, 1899.— Fifteenth day
of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track fast. jC
day In the history of the southern part of
Marin County had passed with It.
The passage of the fire that started
Monday on the Rosenqulst property near
the water tanks, spreading east and
south, was easily traceable yesterday
morning. Down Corte Madera Canyon,
south and east into Blithedale and War
ner canyons, and easterly over the Cas
cade ride toward Larkspur, its path was
marked by blazing tree stumps and un
derbrush reduced to ashes. It swept into
the beautiful Japanese garden of George
Marsh, and besides destroying the "Owls'
Nest" and the roundhouse consumed a
large area of vaulable plant growth. In
cluding ail acre of the finest Woodwardla
ferns ever grown in the State. Southerly
in Corte Madera Canyon, almost to the
grounds of the Hotel Eastland, on both
sides of the railroad track, the under
growth was nothing but hot ashes and
smoldering embers. In Warner's (or
Boyle's) Canyon its black and gray trail
Suspense, b. m.', 14, by Seebaw — Lady McDufT,
J. E. Madden. *725.
CINCINNATI. Oct- TO.— The Zoo Zoo
stakes at six furlongs for two-year-old
fillies furnished an exciting struggle be
tween Anna Bain, Merite and Elizabeth
Klein at Latonla to-day.' Princess Thyra,
the public's choice at 1 to 6, finished ab
solutely last, after cutting out a terrific
pace for her field for the first five-eighths
of a mile. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling— Domlnls won. Jerry
Lee second, Domosetta third. Time. 1:29.
Five furlongs— won, Charlie O'Brien
second, Captain Games third. Time, 1:024.
Mile and twenty yards— Belle won. Monk
Wayman second. Hand D third. Time, 1:444-
Zoo Zoo. stakes, two-year-old Allies, six fur
—Anna Bain won. Merlto second, Elizabeth
Klein third. Time, 1:154.
One — Gold Fox won. Semper Ego second,
Carl C third. Time. 1:42.
Seven furlongs— Necklace won. Mound City
second. Friesland third. Time, 1:284-
Dakotans in Oregon.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 10.— The South
Dakota Volunteers arrived from San
Francisco to-night In two sections. After
a stop of three hours in this city they
will resume their Journey homeward over
the Northern P&cl-lc shortly before mid
night.
! was still hot when the men who had
; fought the danger through the night saw
the first rays of yesterday's sun.
Monday night had been one of Intense
: excitement in valley and canyon. The
sky was red with reflected flames that
! leaped up from the open places; the wind
; blew hot in fitful gusts; in the deep re
-1 cesses of the redwoods the underbrush
MIDITY LED
FROM START
TO FINISH
Bit of Fashion a Disappoint-
ment — Montallade First
at 50 to J.
It looked as If five straight favorites
might tramp down the line at Oakland
track yesterday, but it would seem that
nothing Is a certainty in racing. In the
second paragraph of the afternoon's sport
Bit of Fashion, a choice morsel of horse
flesh picked up by Burns & Waterhouse
In St. Louis, and considered one of the
select of the stable, started for the first
time. On looks alone she should have
been installed favorite, and the daughter
of Forest had the call over Mldlty at post
time. Sunello and The Buffoon were the
only, other contenders. • Mldlty, piloted by
Ruiz, broke away In the lead and was
never headed, winning cleverly In slow
time for the Futurity course. Bit of Fash
lon seemed not ready for a bruising race,
finishing last. Sunello, at odds of 25 to 1,
after being Interfered with by The Buf
foon, displayed a sharp turn of speed,
taking the place In Impressive fashion.
In the concluding race of the day Mon
tallade, a 50 to 1 shot, also broke the slate,
first choices capturing the other three
purses. Montallade had Johnson in the
saddle, and nobody gave the sprinter a
thought, his odds drifting from 12 to 40
and 50. Young Johnson trailed Chihua
hua and Mike Rice into the stretch, and
then getting through an opening won gal
loping by three lengths from the. 6 to 5
choice Chihuahua. Lavator led Mike
Rice, second choice in the betting, out for
the show.
Midlove was held at prohibitive odds In
the books to win the opening event at six
furlongs. . After cutting out the pace from
the jump she. beat Faversham a couple of
lengths. Anchored ran third.
Once more Pat Morrlssey ran circles
around his field in the six and a half fur
long run. Backed to Ito 3 he was always
in front, and Yule, finishing second, was
unable- to make him gallop. Loving Cup,
the second choice, under poor guidance
was fourth.
The only real close finish of the day oc
curred at the termination of the mile and
a sixteenth selling afair.. Opponent ruled
favorite in the betting and was fortunate,
for Reolia was plainly the best. Kept
back until the sun had set, Mounee on the
latter came with a terrific rush, falling
short by a scant head. Another Jump and
the decision would have been' reversed.
Marplot, heavily played at remunerative
odds, ran a good third.
To-Day's Entries.
Following are the entries for the afternoon
running events:
First race— Six furlongs; maiden three-year
olds and upward; selling.
... Prince A.... ....105 111 Billy A 105
100 Seven Up .' 109 111 Semper Leon.... 99
... Alaska ....109 ... Berkeley Rose.. 105
IIS The Offering.... 105! ... Monda 105
... Master Lee ..105 142 Black Orphan.. 99
40 Jennie Gibb 109 137 Lomo 103
85 Lona Marie 109 Si Lou Rey 108
... Cora L F 109
Second race — Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling. ;;■■" -;~ :
'107 Druidess 1091*132 The Scot 103
138 Palapa 96 132 El Arte 105
(126) My Gypsy 103!
Third race— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; purse. /; ::...
...Dr. Sheppard...ll2\(l3l)Snlps 104
128 Ringmaster .... 99 (134)M„y W 104
Fourth race— furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward. - -
...Imperious .. — 1071 128 Mamie G. /. .7.1.101
<130)Negllgence 113 139 Recreation 110
(HS)Magnus ..1011 037)Somls .'96
Fifth race— One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
127 P. A. Finnegan.lool 120 Lodestar 107
140 Twinkle Twlnk. lo- 127 Correct 88
140 Petal 93! 139 Donator ........102
Selections for To-Day.
First race— The Offering. Jennie Glbb, Semper
Leon. .
Second race— Scot, My Gypsy, El Arte.
Third race— May W. Dr. Sheppard. Snips.
Fourth Recreation, Mamie G, Negll.
gence.; r ;. ;,. ; ■■■'.
Fifth race— Lodestar, Twinkle Twlnk, Do
nator.T .' ! -'-''>'. V■-..- -i.;v-". ■ y-J' : X.y'. '"-*■' y-\ •'. ■•■'■■:■<* :■■<_- -■•-..•
« ♦ ■
Was a Pioneer.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 10.— Mrs. Charity
Cook died last night at her home on La
guna Creek/where she has resided during
the last thirty-three years. ■ Mrs. Cook
crossed the plains in 1849, and she has
been a resident of this county for forty
*ears. . t^' : --^.-t- •■-- ..■'•
flamed and crackled, and shadows danced
in the swaying treetops. The voices of
men calling to men sounded like warn
ings l > ac d oo o?'water every other available
For lack of water every other available
means of flrefighting was i used. Where
the advance of flame was too strong to
be held in check by ordinary means and
where opportunity and the wind offered
backfires were started. Men and women,
some of whom had hastened over- from
this city in alarm at the first reports,
volunteered for the work. The manage
ments of the North Pacific Coast and
Scenic Railways pressed their employes
into the service and furnished trains to
carry fire lighters and supplies from all
the stations on the line as far south as
Sausalito. Wet sacks, garden hose, picks,
shovels, brush hooks and axes were pro
vided and every able-bodied resident of
the southern part of the county turned
out to help extinguish the furnace re
BOXERS ARE
READY FOR
THE ARENA
Heavyweights Russell and
Van Buskirk to Meet To-
Morrow Night-
The winter season of boxing will be In
augurated by the National Athletic Club
at Woodward's Pavilion to-morrow night.
An attractive card has been prepared, the
principal bout being between the only
brace of heavy-weights on the coast. As
boxers are always supposed to attract
spectators in keeping with their weight
these men should have a mighty house.-
Russell will enter the ring weighing
about 210 pounds, while Van Buskirk will
scale over 200. This will be Russell's first
appearance on this coast, and he should
be thoroughly tried out by Van Buskirk.
The latter is a seasoned boxer, having
met among others Stelzner, Kennedy and
Jeffries, lt was only to the superior abil
ity of the present champion that he struck
his colors.
Russell placed himself in the hands of
the veteran, Alex Greggains, some weeks
ago and has proved an apt pupil. They
have boxed together every afternoon, and
Russell has shown marked aptitude for
the game, and his mentor expects him to
make a good showing. He Is strong, fast
and willing, and if he wins to-morrow
night he will have a promising future as
a boxer.
Van Buskirk has not been idle and is
pronounced fit for any kind of a bout.
He did a lot of preparatory work at his
home in Marysville, and then put the
finishing touches on at the Seal Rock
House on the ocean beach. From all in
dications the bout should be a merry one
while it lasts. It is not expected to go
the limit when two such willing boxers
face one another.
What the big fellows will lack In agility
and quickness should be supplied by
"Rufe" Turner and "Jimmy. Reillv.
This will be Turner's first appearance
here, while Reiily is an old favorite. Both
are clever lightweights.
"Billy" Jordan, the veteran master of
ceremonies, will referee both bouts. These"
will be the first important ones he has
passed upon In some time, but he has
kept well in 'practice deciding minor
matches. The seating at Woodward's Pa
vilion has been rearranged with the idea
of giving a better view of the ring.
BOSTON NOW SECOND
IN THE LEAGUE RACE
Post-Season Series May Be Arranged
Between the New Champions
and the Phillies.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— TV. L Pet
Brooklyn ...97 46 .678 Pittsburg ...75 72 .510
Boston 93 55 .628 Chicago ......74 72 507
Philadelphia 92 50 .622 Louisville ...73 76 .490
Baltimore ..So 59 .590 New Y0rk....5S S6 403
Bt. L0ui5. ...84 66 .500 Washington 52 98 !3<6
Cincinnati ...79 67 .641 Cleveland ...20 130 .133
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10.-The Phillies were
unable to hit Lewis consecutively to-day, while
Donahue was found when hits meant runs for
Boston. In addition the locals put up a
sloppy game in the field and were shut out
The clubs left for Boston to-night to finish the
fight for second place In a series of four games.
Boston, by winning two of the four games
will be safe In second place. Attendance, 6657!
Score:
Clubs — R. H. E.
Philadelphia 0 8 5
Boston 6.7 1
• Batteries— Donahue. Bernhard and McFar
land; Lewis and Sullivan. Umpires— Emslle
and Dwyer. $
BROOKLYN. Oct. 10.— A triple piny by Davis,
Gleason and Doyle enlivened an otherwise
sleepy game to-day. The Brooklyns . did not
extend themselves and allowed the New York
men to win by a combination of hits and errors
A . Post-season series has been arranged be
tween Philadelphia and Brooklyn for $2500 a
side provided , the Philadelphia team finishes
second. A testimonial is being arranged for
the benefit of the pennnant-wlnners by the citi
zens of Brooklyn, with President Grout of the
borough as chairman. Attendance. 800. Score:
Clubs— ;,-..} R. H. E
New York...* '.. 5 9 7
Brooklyn 253
Batteries— Seymour and Warner; McJames
Donovan, McGulre and Farrell. Umpires-^
Swartwood and Connolly.
BALTIMORE. Oct. 10.-Darkness came down
on the Baltimore and Washington teams to-day
after plx. Innings had been played, : with the
fleeted In the heavens. Men on horse
back, in buggies and wagons and all
sorts of rigs fairly flew to the rescue of
their threatened redwoods and all through
the night worked like demons to avert
disaster. : _~ . ;v ...
When the morning broke the fires
seemed to be under control. The fire
fighters, black from smoke, hollow eyed
from the lack of sleep and from the glare
of the flames, presented a sorry-looking
sight in the light of dawn. They were
most of them ready to drop in their
tracks from the night's exertions had it
not been that they were still stimulated
with excitement and fearful that the ris
ing winds might still fan the smoldering
embers into other columns of flame.
They told off watches in all the canyons
and deeply wooded hillsides and, in
squads sought breakfast and a few hours
sleep before noon.
It was well they did. Their fears of
the wind were well founded. At 1 o'clock
lt had assumed the proportions of a good,
stiff breeze, and by 2 o'clock it was
whistling through the canyons, carrying
clouds of oust and smoke in its embrace.
Again the underbrush began to crackle
and snap, smoke rose in threatening
spirals into the atmosphere, still hazy
from the smoke of the night before.
Deer, frightened from their coverts, ran
aimlessly through the redwoods and up
and down the country roads, birds twit
tered in affright, rabbits and wood rats
and quail skurried in one heedless, panic
stricken throng anywhere and every
where from the fire demon.
Fires smoldering in the ashes under the
I redwoods were tanned into flame, charred
stumps blazed anew and a thin trail of
lire forked both ways in the porthern part
of Corte Madera Canyon and in Warners
Canyon. Mounted men hastened to the
threatened forests. D. H. Bibb, the lum
ber man, who has a large residence under
the eastern brow of Tamalpais, put a
large torce of men to work to head off
the advance of the new-blown fire over
the ridge into Baltimore Canyon. His
own residence was in no danger. His men
worked heroically setting backfires, but
the wind was against them and the flames
mounted the ridge to threaten Larkspur
and Corte Madera, leaving the lower
Corte Madera Canyon and Mill Valley in
temporary safety.
Over in Warners Canyon and near
Blythedale the gale had fanned the flames
on" their second errand of destruction, and
it was not long before riders raced into
Mill Valley with the news that the resi
dences of Dr. Alexander Warner and
Hugh Boyle had been consumed. These
rumors were found later to be untrue. The
flames, attaining great volume, had swept
into the canyon as on the night before
and before they were checked had com
pletely destroyed the growth of trees and
vines on Warner's place. By the time
the rain fell there the danger point ap
peared to have been passed, but the down
pour was none the less welcome.
And now that the greatest forest fire
in the history of Marin County has passed
into history, the residents of the valleys
and canyons are thanking their stars and
the rain that lt was not worse. Although
many lives were endangered none were
lost, Lorenzo Ferrari, who was supposed
to have perished in the flames, having ap
peared in the flesh bright and early yes
terday to fight the flames. Much personal
property was damaged, how much is not
known, but its value will run up close to
$100,000, but this is hardly regretted as
much as the destruction of trees on the
ridge and in Warners Canyon. That loss
can only be repaired by time.
I Sash
score a tie. Nops lost the game for Baltimore
by having a bad Inning. Umpire Latham put
McOill, La Chance and Smith out of the game
for kicking. Attendance, 1825. Score:
Clubs— R. - H. E.
Baltimore 5 9 1
Washington 5 5 3
Batteries— ops, Crlsham and Smith; Mc-
Gill, Weyhlng, Mercer and Klttredge. Ur
n and Lathrop.
MANSLAUGHTER CHARGED
Organizers of Paris Bullfight to Bo
Prosecuted.
PARIS, Oct. 10.— Judge of the As
size Court at Pontoise has ordered tha
prosecution for manslaughter of the or
ganizers of the recent bullfight at Devil,
where one man was trampled to death
by the bull and several others were
severely injured.
• ■- i ■:' ■ •
Reiff and Sloan Win.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— the first day's
race of the Newmarket second October
meeting to-day J. Reiff won a trial stakes
on Blare. Ma Jeanette and Queen's Wake
were second and third respectively. Eight
horses ran ; distance six furlongs. The
betting was 6 to 1 against Blare.
Tod Sloan won a nursery plate on Ped
ometer. Ardeer was second and Lelta
finished third. Eighteen horses ran. The
betting was 100 to 12 against Pedometer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
All the virtues of
barley and h6ps are
retained in
Wielands
Extra Pale
by expert brewing-
It is then aged in ice-
cold vaults; then fil-
tered, and — after
bottling — -sterilized.
It comes to your
table a health-giving,
health-retaining bev-
erage — acceptable to
the invalid and the
atnlete. Quarts, pints, half-pints. :
Your fcrocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
. — ■
/mgf^ »noTo.H_-nit> ■■■—■■ ■ ■ ■
SI_3K VITALIS
«-£lS^l(J% THE NEW
ffi^fe^^ssi REMEDY..
-KB? fe^.,*,^-- RE " tD V. .
Nightly En.l»,T,n., Kit D «_. Nr^JnT"^ ' ."P*"-*-
-.1 .elf-abu.. or -Torn and lnd*.cr rt_S ! »"'f se * nd ail eff «*
Power and Falling Memory S'S r *<«°™ t"»t Tltality,
tion. Cure, when all oTher. HftSj £3£_» and C'on.ump-
no other. Can bo c.rne Til re v«t '".^ TITAUB „
per D.ck.,reor.lx for $5.00 wU„ J^^.S.. B*."--^8 *."--^ • 1 -°»
Refund the Money* circ-U. Tt~™l£ U ' to C " re •»
CALUMET CVnt'collttl &££?. C_k_«.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F. and Oakland
■^j^teikL ELECTRIC BELTS.
K_V , |^'W^_ * 25 ' Largest manu-
'6JrrTlfc_CLsA/'-. l__-i_ikrH fact "rers In the Unl-
ted States. No Quack*
W\f*S**-r^__&wC connected with this
vJ^\£i£l2_Si^^^jfr establishment.
wf p_. ' C_ For particulars
*ye*Z~~ call or send Ie la
i\ stamps for "Booklet
____, ___■" No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIO CO., 620 Market Si.
PDPoslte Palace Hotel, S. F,LEADERSHIP OF
HORACE DAVIS
IS WELCOMED
Republicans Lining
Up for Victory.
CONTEST ON PARTY LINES
WORKINGMEN READY TO UF- j
HOLD THE CANDIDATE.
Republicans throughout the State of
California nrc taking deep interest In the
San Francisco campaign; ' and Horace
Davis- is hourly receiving messages of
congratulation upon his nomination for
Mayor. Many leading Republicans of th_
city who gave their support to Mayor
Phelan last November are now coming
forward to express their gratification over
the selection of Horace Davis to lead the
party in the municipal campaign.
The leadership of Mr. Davis is espe
cially gratifying to the workingmen of the
city. The sacrifice which he made to the
cause of white labor during the agitation
against the Introduction of Mongolian
competition in the fields of local industry
are well known to the laboring men of
San Francisco. Many voters who are not
Republicans in a strict party sense will
cast the weight of their political influence
in behalf of Mr. Davis' candidacy, It Is
recognized that his success in life has
been accomplished by his own toil and
industry, and lt is further recognised that
lie was a champion of the workingmen
when the cause of honest labor demanded
a fearless and capable leader.
The merchants of San Francisco are
hourly extending to Mr. Davis assurances
of their most earnest support. Men, for
example, like Louis Sloss and Levi
Strauss, who have no word of censure
for Mayor Phelan, recognize that the
election of Horace Davis would reflect
the highest' credit on San Francisco. The
claim put forward by Democratic office
seekers that Democrats deserve the chief
credit for the enactment of the primary
election law and the adoption of the new
char.' is treated with tlie mild derision
that the boast deserves. Taxpayers and
voters generally are again advised of the
fact that the primary election law was
framed by a Republican, introduced in
the Legislature by a Republican, enacted
into law by a Republican Legislature and
approved by a Republican Governor. The
charter was framed by non-partisan
freeholders, received its highest major! -
ties in Republican precincts and was rati
fied by a Republican Legislature.
The Republicans are organizing for vic
tory in tlie comsng municipal election.
They appeal for success to the virtue, lii
telligence and civic patriotism of San
Francisco. The campaign : - to be con
ducted vigorously and fearlessly. They
accept Mayor Phelan's challenge for
a contest on party lines. The Mayor, in
( pening the campaign for the Democrats
..t Metropolitan Hall on August 4, de
clared:
"We all have to be party men now. We
have to cany out reforms within the
party. We- all have to be party politi
cians; we can't be independents and go
before the people and say we will do thus
nnd so. We have to get behind the party
and make lt the Instrument and the
agency of our work."
The Call insists that the Mayor shall
abide by his expressed conditions of the
contest. Let him go to the Democrats
that he and his Committee of One Hun
dred excluded from the State convention
which nominated James G. Maguire and
ask for their support as a straight out
party man. It is time, however, that he
should cease his prowling around Repub
lican premises, seeking political favors
under false colors.
The Republicans will open the campaign
■with a bier mass meeting one evening this
week. Eloquent and earnest speakers will
address the taxpayers.
The Horace Davis Central Club has es
tablish^.- "headquarters at 7-3 Market
street, and advocates of the cause of
good municipal government under Repub
lican auspiet s will lie welcomed. John W.
Taylor, a stalwart Republican, is secre
tary of the club. This organization is
separate from the Republican County
Committee, but as the quarters are spa
cious the regular committee of the party
may find accommodation there.
GAVIN McNA Y FORTY
Yesterday Jasper McDonald, chairman
of the Democratic invention, announced
the names of forty county committeemen
at large. Mr- was authorized by the con
vention- to appoint forty to be ad.i to
seventy-two already chosen— four from
each Assembly district. The County
Committee therefore consists of 112 mem
bers. It is no secret that Gavin McNab
had a hand in selecting the following
forty: I). I. Mahonv. J. < '. McKlnstry.
W. O. McGcp. P. J. : Berty. J. J. Gree
ley. M. E. Lallv. Cornelius Rodden, John
H. Grad v. M. C. Hassett. Louis de F.
Bartlett. Dr. L. D. Bacigalupi, L. H. Moo
serj Max Popper. Hull McGlaughry. Dan
Riordan. C. W. Fay, Samuel Braunhart,
E. G. Sullivan. J. D. Maxwell. R. A.
Shepston. Leo Kaufman. W. G. Sanborn.
A. P. Maguire. William T. Hess; T. I.
itrick. Howard Park, Maurice F.
Loewenstein. P. Lvdon. Dr. Thomas E.
Shumate. Joseph Plunkett. J. i.. Hart.
Logan Erwln, J. M. Campodnnico, A. H.
Schimp. J. W. Shanahan. John M. Klein.
Lawn Brannan. H. Gutstadt, John A.
Brown and E. .1. Brandon.
POSTUM CEREAL.
INSANE MAJOR.
Change of Food Cured Him.
What a determined and Intelligent
wife can accomplish is well shown in "
the experience of a certain retired ma- 1
jor of the Civil War, and his estimable j
wife. For obvious reasons the name
and exact address of the major is with-
held, but the facts are given by his
cousin, a well-known lady of Marlon,
Ohio.
Without apparent cause, but coming
on gradually, the major lost his mind,
and some of the most eminent special- !
ists In brain and nervous disease*
stated that he would never recover,
strongly recommending the wife to j
place him in an asylum, although con- •
fident he would live only a few months. |
Being a woman of much strength of ;
character, she refused to Incarcerate !
him, but on the contrary took him to ]
.a cottage along the shores of a little j
lake for the summer and devoted her- |
self entirely to the case, studied him I
carefully and especially applied herselr i
to the preparation of food and drink, i
gradually eliminating what was harm-
ful and substituting nutritious and j
properly selected articles, with the
startling result that in about six
months he was an absolutely sane man,
and in a year was healthier than he
had ever been in his life.
She recites that the chief agency in I
his return to health was Postum Cereal
Food for from the moment she
began using that .article in place of
coffee he Improved in a marked degree.
At one time she left, off Postum and
alloy him to use ordinary coffee, and
he .had a quick and serious backset.
Returning to Postum he improved; no.w 1
they- use nothing else and fire most en- !
thUsiastic in their faith In Its health- j
giving qualities, and naturally make j
many. converts among their friends. j
The. .relater adds: "At first we :
thought Postum was fiat and tasteless,
but after following the directions ex-
actly and boiling it twenty minutes we
secured a richness equal to the best
Mocha and Java, and enjoy it greatly.
[ have lost that heavy, depressed feet-
ing, that obtain* formerly, and. my
children are growing fat' on" Postum." ;
The . lady requests that her name be '
omitted from publication. The nam*,
however, will be given by letter upon
application to the Postum Cereal Co., ,
Ltd.. at Battle Creek, Mich. [.
WILL FIGHT FOR
A BIG FORTUNE
IN ROYALTIES
Benson Bidwell's War
on Infringers.
VAST CLAIMS UPON PATENTS
♦—
NO TROLLEY CAB COULD BE USED
WITHOUT HIS INVENTIONS.
BhNSOM BIDWELL, INVENTOR.
A bill of complaint will soon be filed in
'lie United States Circuit Court here as
the commencement of one of the most
important suits ever tried in any court.
Benson Bldwell. who claims to be the
original Inventor of the system by which
all the electric roads of the country are
operated, is the principal complainant.
The Market-street Railroad Company of
this city, the Thomson-Houston Elec
tric Company of Connecticut and the
General Electric Company of New York
are made defendants,- and similar suits
will be commenced in several States. Bid- j
well charges that the' defendant corpora
tions, as well as others, have made im
mense profits out of his inventions, and i
the suits in question are based upon in
fringement of. his patents. He asks for a j
royalty of 40 per cent on the net profits.
The bill of complaint Is quite volum
inous, but In substance the suit involves j
the validity of the patents by which all
the electric railways in the country are
operated; It is claimed that Benson Bid J
well actually invented and obtained
patents covering the present system of }
electric roads, and that his patents are
now being infringed here and elsewhere. '
It is claimed that the local company is
operating under a license obtained from !
the other companies made defendants in
the suit. •
I In brief, the bill of complaint sets forth
i that prior to the 14th of August, 1884
| Benson Hidweli Invented a system for the
! operation of electric railways by which
i the electro-motors of the cars an pro
pelled, anjj-the lamps located In the cars
1 are lighted, by the us of a single current
i of electricity transmitted from a power
: station along the line; that he was the
i original Inventor of the same. On that
j date he applied for a patent covering
this system, which was duly allowed and
granted on May 26, 1885. On February 16
ISS4. he applied for letters patent cover
ing another feature*of the Bystem which
consisted of a metallic line circuit com
posed of tubular conductors, combined
with a movable brush. This invention
was patented September 23, 1884
On August 14, 1884, Bldwell filed another
application for letters patent covering
other features of his system, including a,
generator it the side of the line, metallic
line conductors separate from the rail«
traveling current collectors attached to
the car. a polarizing switch by which the
car is reversed, circuit wires by which
the ends of the line conductors are con
nected with the feed wires, supports for
line conductors along the way; means of
switching line conductors, and a system
of gearing direct from the car motor to
the axle of the car.
It is claimed that the iwo patents
actually obtained, and the application
above referred to, cover practically all
the features of the electric railway
system as now operated here and else
where.
Bldwell has demanded royalties and
damages and has commenced suits
against them in other States also, but by
reason of 111 health and lack of funds has
not been able hitherto to prosecute a
hna hearing. He claims that these com
panies have entered Into an alliance to
deprive him of the benefit of his inven
tions; that they have organised a great,
trust which sells to various companies
throughout the country the right to u«=e
and operate electric roads, and covenants
to protect and defend their licenses from
all claims by reason of Bidwell's patents i
It Is alleged that the Market-street Rail
way Company, the principal defendant In
the pending suit, is operating under such
a contract. The purpose of the trust it
Is claimed, is to establish a monopoly and !
discourage and prevent individual effort.
Not a car, it is claimed, could be oper
ated without the use of Bidwell's patents.
He asks the court to decree that he was
the original Inventor of the system of
propelling, lighting and heating cars by
electricity, setting forth his claims li de~
tall; that It l- decreed the Market
street Railway Company and other de
fendants are infringing upon his rights
and that an account be taken of their
profits and the complainant awarded
damages accordingly.
HOSPITAL TROUBLES
BROUGHT TO AN END
AUDITOR WELLS LAYS DOWN A
SATISFACTORY PLAN.
Will Audit Claims in a Way That
Will Leave No Deficit Next
January.
If the Finance and Hospital commit
tees of the Board of Supervisors hud con
sulted Auditor Wells when the shortage
in hospital funds developed they would
have saved themselves several days of
worry and figuring. The Auditor "opened
up shop" yesterday morning by an an
nouncement that he would not abide by
the relief resolution adopted by the Su
pervisors on Monday, and a half dozen
county contractors were soon on hand
With further threats to shut off all sup
plies/ : [':;.'.; '■■■
Dr. Hodghead and Chairman Attrldge
were at once Informed of the Auditor's
decision and Immediately sought a con
ference with him at his office. He in
formed them he would audit no claims
drawn on either the statutory salaries or
urgent necessity funds, but would ar
range the matter by auditing all claims
against the hospital fund up to Septem
ber IS. on an appropriation of $113,000 per
year. and all claims contracted thereafter
on an appropriation of 190,000. In that
way the hospital would be only a hun
dred or so dollars behind and the result
would be achieve.', that was contemplated
in the resolution adopted by the Super
visors.
Auditor Wells said he had every right
to figure the appropriation up to Septem
ber IS at $113,000 per year, as that was
the figure set In the provisional tax levy.
The $90,000 appropriation was not fixed un
til the permanent levy went Into effect,
Auditor Wells' decision finally, disposes of
the hospital's troubles, and so satisfac
torily that there will be no deficit to face
at the end of th" fiscal year.
Republican Ratification.
A largely attended meeting of the
Thirty-second Assembly District Repub-
lican League was held last night at 1110
Kentucky street to ratify the action of
the Republican convention. Resolutions
indorsing the whole ticket were unani
mously adopted. A meeting will bo held
next Tuesday evening, to which all of the
candidates will be Invited . .• *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11. 1899.
REPORTER SNOW
WAS DROWNED IN
THE BAY WATERS
Washed Off a Launch
by a Wave.
— ♦• —
MET DEATH DOING HIS DUTY
— ' — —
ASSOCIATES TRIED IN VAIN TO
SAVE HIM.
Will A, Snow, marine reporter of the
Chronicle, was drowned about S o'clock
last night while in the pursuit of his duty
as a reporter. He went out on the launch
Sybil with Reporter Archie Rice and
Artist Johnson of the Chronicle to get
the news from the incoming transport
Tartar, which brought Into port the
Kansas volunteers. The launch went
: alongside of the transport in the stream
as she was coming in and threw out a
; line to the transport. . Snow was a Kansas
man. He was a classmate and close
• friend of General Funston and was per
; sonally acquainted with many of the
. Kansas volunteers, and a lively conver
! sation began between the transport and
i the launch.
While Snow was shouting to Steele, cor
respondent of the Kansas City Star, a
, heavy wave struck the launch, the water
being very rough, and Snow was thrown
; to the deck. Captain Frank Peters of the
j launch saw the mishap and shouted to
; Snow to go aft. Snow remained where he
i was and held on to the side rail. Th"
, transport- and the launch were grlndins
i together on the high sea. Another wave
I struck the launch. Then it is supposed
WILL A. SNOW, the Marine Reporter, Who Was Lrowned in
the Pursuit of His Duty.
that Snow went overboard. No one saw
him as he struck the water. Indeed, he
was at first mistaken for a floating pack
! age which Steele was to have cast over
the side of the transport. As soon as he
was missed— and he was then perhaps
forty feet astern. Archie Rice snouted for
the soldiers on the transport to throw out
a life-preserver, which they did. There
were no life-preservers on the launch nor
anything that could be thrown out to help
', save life.
The line that held the launch to the
transport was not cast off Immediately.
i The si. ldlers did not understand what had
happened. Two 'attempts were made to
pull the launch clear. Finally Captain
Peters yanked the line from the bin. All
the time Snow was drifting away on a
swift ebb tide. As soon as the launch
was clear she backed. Snow was then
shouting in a panicky way. He was told
I to keep still to save his, strength, that the
! launch would save him as soon as it COUld
Ibe turned. After the launch was under
! way Snow was not seen. The launch
I cruised for some time and went out to
the Gate and came slowly in under half
VERTiSEMENTS.
CL T GAVE little thou _ ht to my health," writes Mrs. Wm. V.
J Bell, . 230 N. Walnut St., Canton, 0.,' to Mrs. Pink-
ham, "until I found myself unable to attend to my
household duties. ypy-r-y p
"I had had my days of not feeling well and my monthly
■ 1 suffering, and a good deal of backache,
THOUGHT- I but I thought all women had these
■ ■■ €#f#€3f_f_r 3 m , things and did not complain.
m fI'AM "I had doctored for some time, but
______q_?^ no medicine seemed to help me, and my
\\Amfeft i&& lTilM I physician thought it best for me to go
(L?f__rj__£_r I to the hospital for local treatment. I
~~ ! had read and heard so much of your
Vegetable Compound that I made up - , .
my mind to try it. I was troubled with W^Wit^^^-y^^^^t
falling of the womb, had sharp pains in • , -. - , ,^m9 '_i_^l_r\V : ' : ' : ' ••'■•--
ovaries, leucorrhcea and painful menses. ' ■'f.J^f^&Q' : £.
I was so weak and dizzy that I would : ".^^^^<^>^^ : '""
often have severe fainting spells. I rM : '-^smr^^-'%^%'' : -'' I
took in all several bottles of Lydia E. $&s?&,€%& :''•'•"■' r f;!
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound ''.*_#■■ -.4* ffiyy' •■•"■'''••''v'l'J
and Blood Purifier and used the /'''TJ ''"'\%^4 $ X '-V^
Sanative Wash, and am now in & W#&><^''^ '■ '"V" X I'M
good health. J wish others Jfes rf^-^\ ii , v -r^-\' : ;?-'^ : !
to know of the wonderful J ' v • \ >^ .'%b>S'
good it has done me, and J. -JB^g" ft^f^M}lM^&M
have many friends taking it %. (' ' : *^')^A*'
now. Will always give your \ -^^7^^^
medicine the highest praise." %* ' if* ,- 4^ VtoJSI. f -;^/f|^j
Mrs. A. Tolle* 1946 Hil- > /fe^^nS
ton St., Philadelphia, Pa., / /fffw\ *\ SMffl
writes: Mrs. Pikkham— '■ / &l\ S\ \ \^feS v^ r |„'"' :^
"Dear Mrs. Pikkham— / J^jM \\ JgS VMfM?R_*SIS
- . • . ' I I &\J*r/r\ 9 "#* \ _B*S«_V_**^l Ja_l»iH
I was very thin and my / I ®j|%. \L> \w%ti£' TW_
friends thought I war. in con- M M&M \^#^S^
sumption. Had continual I |'^_ J a^MtT xl^lKot
headaches, backache and ' ' %S|P^V*«(" V^S^S'SS^
falling of womb, and my eyes ' V'^^fey)^ \'^_£^%^?_^
were affected. Every one \ "^^^k'''^
noticed how poorly I looked __*w-^».^ re, f a_^_i_.'^
and I was advised to take tk^ 'i*' %', Ml WSmk\ % ;
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege- [ _©W£*B j" Js&Eai "^
table Compound. One bottle SB ' S <F&9
relieved me, and after tak- I 1 f
ing eight bottles am now a '
healthy woman; have gained in weight 95 pounds to 140
pounds, and everyone asks what makes me so stout."
speed, but to no avail. The body was
not recovered. . C :
Will A. Snow was a graduate of the
University of Kansas, of which his
father, one of the most prominent ento
mologists living, is the president. He
came to California about a year and a
half ago, having been called to Stanford
University as an instructor in ento
mology. He was a success as an in
structor, and several Eastern universi
ties invited him to instruct for them. He
refused, simply because he had a taste
for newspaper life and was fascinated
with it. Stanford lured him back for a
term. Then he returned to newspaper
work. He became marine reporter for
the Chronicle three months. ago. His en
thusiasm was unbounded. When the
transport Sherman came into port he
learned that there were reporters for
The Call aboard and he was shut out. He
ran alongside of the ship and risked his
life to make a flying leap for the ship's
ladder. He was ordered to get off the
ladder by the ship's officers, but would
not relax his hold until an officer went
down the ladder and stamped on his
Angers, crushing them nearly to pulp.
On another occasion he saved a rival
newspaper man from drowning by pulling
him out Of the bay which finally encom
passed his death. He was a courteous
gentleman, a good friend, a chivalric
newspaper man. His age was 29. He
was a member of the Phi Kappa Pal fra
ternity. His home was in Lawrence,
Kans. __
Children! note the result of beautifying
common things: an object lesson In
"Keith's" window, &08 Market street, Phe
lan building. . •
ILLNESS OF JUDGE HEBBARD.
He Is Suffering From a Severe Attack
of Congestion of the Lungs.
Judge J. C. B. Hebbard of the Superior j
■ Court Is a patient at St. Mary's Hospital, !
suffering from congestion of the lungs, j
The Judge was taken sick during. the lat
ter part or last week with a severe cold, ;
which settled on his lungs. At first he j
paid but little attention to his illness.
thinking it would pass off without any in- ]
convenience. However, he was compelled j
to vacate the bench last Friday and on i
the following day he was conveyed to St. \
Mary's Hospital, where he went under the j
care of Dr. Theodore Rethers, one of the !
visiting physicians to the hospital. Con- j
gestion of the lungs rapidly developed, |
; but up to hist evening there was no i
change for the worse in his condition. He
I is a very sick man and his condition re-
I quires the greatest attention at the hands
! of the physician and nurse in order to
: carry him past the danger line and restore
' him to health.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL ILL.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, who has been con- j
j fined at the McNutt Hospital on Sutter
j street for the last three or four weeks,
j is slowly Improving and his attendants
■■ are confident that with a little careful ;
. nursing and constant attention he will
! soon be around again. Dr. O'Donnell has
j been In failing' health for some time past, j
• suffering from a complication of disor
i ders, which finally became so serious that
; his relatives had him removed to the hos« i
I pital, where he has since remained.
i Dr. O'Donnell has been fur many years 1
! a familiar figure in municipal politics and
j lias run, at one time or another, for near
ly every office in the city's gift. He served j
once as Coroner and made a very credit- j
, able record while in office.
CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE.
SATURDAY'S STUDIES:
HOME SCIENCE
AND HOUSEHOLD ECONOMY.
LEADING CONTRIBUTORS:
MRS HELEN CAMPBELL.
MRS. MARGARET E. SONGSTER
MRS. KfITE GANNETT WELLS.
MISS LUCY WHEELOCK.
MISS ANNA BARROWS.
THE CALL has planned an unusually attractive course in the
"science of the home" to be presented during the Autumn-Winter
term. The very best talent- in the United States has been secured
to give plan and direction to the instruction, and many new and
unique features will be introduced.
The following outline will give some idea of the general
character of the studies :
I 1. The Home Healthful and Beautiful.
1. The Home Construction.
2. The Home Environment.
3. The Home Furnishing.
4. The Home Decoration. j
2. The Buying, Cooking and Serving
of Food.
1. The Economic Buying of Food.
2. The Chemistry of Cooking. --,-■
3. Foods for Invalids and Children.
4. The Dining Room and Table Service.
5. Carving and Serving Meats.
3. The Social Life of the Home.
1. Family Relations and Domestic Life.
2. Visiting and Entertaining.
3. Recreation and Amusement. «
4. Women Wage-Earners of the Home.
5. The Home in Its Relation to the State.
4. The Care and Education of Children
1. Children in Infancy.
2. The Kindergarten Age.
3. The First Years at School.
4. The Boys and Girls of Sixteen.
Full particulars concerning the Home Study Circle and the pro-
gramme for the Autumn-Winter Term are given in a 32-page booklet,
handsomely illustrated, which will be mailed free of charge on request.
Address
MANAGER HOME STUDY CIRCLE,
■ THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
CALL BUILDING SAN FRANCISCO.
UNITED STATES ERANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LIVERPOOL AND LONDON AND
GLO3E
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF Liverpool. England, on the 31st day of
December. A. D. 1?98. and for the year
j ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
' suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
: of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
: furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
' Real Estate owned by Company 11,799,000 00
; Loans on. Bonds and Mortgages 3,622,350 00
; Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,602.593 75
Cash in Company's office 2,2.a OS
Cash in banks 78S.SX8 52
Interest due and accrued on Loans.. 19S 03
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 43,763 21
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 527.629 01
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 21,950 07
Total Assets $9,703,: 85
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $17,674 27
Losses In process of Adjustment or .
In Suspense 600,965 99
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 46,950 00
Gross premiums on Fire Rl=ks run-
ning one year or less, $3,023,234 21;
reinsurance 50 per cent 1,511,617 11
Gross premiums on Fl>p Risks run-
ning more than one year. $4,067,-
-776 54; reinsurance pro rata 2,054,152 27
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies 323.882 66
Liability under other departments... 92.271 56
All other demands against the Com-
pany •• 310.151 70
Total Liabilities $4.887.665 56
INCOME. ~
Set fash actually received for Fire
" Premiums $4. 979.122 14
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ........... 156,343 42
Received for Interest and dividends
I on Bonds, StockE, Loans and from
| all other sources 103.332 02
i Received for Rents 61.639 62
Total Income $6.300. .37 »
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $398, "50 70, losses of pre-
vious years) $2,876,293 71
! pi Id or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 922.65S 5S
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
! charges for officers. clerks, etc — 331.400 41
i raid for State. National and local
i taxes 136,906 29
j All other payments and expenditures 334.802 SS
Total Expenditures .$4,602.061 87
' Risks and Premiums. (Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
; written during the!
year ($777,675,892 ' $6,602,676 74
! Net amount of Risks!
; expired during the
year | 826,066,155 7,400,466 17
i Net amount In forcel
December 81, 1893.. ...| Sir,. o-71. 329 - 7.091.010 75
H. W. EATON, Res. Manager.
GEO. W. HOYT. Dep'y Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th
; day of January. 1899.
W. H. WILDET. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NO. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CHARLES D. HAVEN
Res dent Secretary.
, , -,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON &-->.— RE-
modeled . and renovated. KINO. WARD _
CO. European plan. Rooms, 30c to $150 day;
$5 to $8 week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire crate* In every
room; elevator runs all night. *-:'..
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
-
Aachen and Munich Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE, GERMANY, ON
the 31st day of December, A. D. I*9B, and 1
for the year ending on that day. as made to the |
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections ,
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and j
Bonds owned by Company $043.950 00 ;
Cash in Company's Office „-h_
Cash in Banks .v •«_"_: '
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks ,
md Loans ■• -,• •••_£••• «22 SS
Premiums In Due Course of Collection 46.229 1.
Balances due from Agents _______ 1
Total Assets ....$796,334 17 |
LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $8,744 50
Losses In process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 1 ? ,1 5? il I
Losses resisted. Including expenses.... _L 5 00 1
Gross premium on Fire Risks running
one year or less. $383,243 32: reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 191,62166
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year. $149,189 51; rein-
surance pro rata 99,339 36
All other demands against the Com-
pany • ■ 7,967 57
Total Liabilities l 2 --__.__ i '
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $470,170 14 1
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from all
other sources 23,202 52-
Total Income $493,372 66
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount raid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $24,461 22, losses of previous
years) $251,246 S4
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 92,193 55
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc $3,254 50
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 10,612 "1
All other payments and expenditures. 35.197 31
Total Expenditures 8452.504 51
'■■"s "/'' Fire. '
Losses incurred during the year $235,900 33
Risks and Premiums. 'Fire Risks. l Premiums.
Net amount of Risks I
written during the ]
- year J $48,059,170 I $617,092 64
Net amount of Risks I
expired during the
year 41.082,880' 515,719 29
Net amount in force I
December 31. 1898 1 40.728.345' 532.432 83
SAML. R. WEED of Weed & Kennedy,
: -":.;-'•/• Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 24th
day Of January, 1599. GEO. H. COREY,
•pr.yy Commissioner for California.
CESAR BERTHEAU, Manager. -
ALFRED R. GRIM, Asst. Manager.
Pacific Coast Department,
423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
+"* ••••••-+■*+•••»••.»......
•
i The undoubted luxury and comfort M
1 unequaled cuisine, location and mod- ,
,1 crate charges have made the I
♦ PALACE and j
| GRAND j
7 the most popular and fashionable ho- "
T tels In San Francisco. Operated Jointly ii
" under one management. Correspond- 11
" ence solicited. ;•;*--.•->--;- I
" JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, I
" ,y. 7'yfy'yyyy. ■ : - Mannger.
• •••••»•-•- — --■»-----TT.«»»»» 1
STATEMENT
. •• —OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE :
HANOVER FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
IS9S, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commission of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. -
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash .81,000.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $450,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 7 000 00
Cash -Market Value of nil Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,295 664 00
Cash in Company's Office \ 53,374 90
Cash In Banks 48.503 63
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 18,062 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 29 16
Premiums In due Course of Collection 161,507 0)
Rents due and accrued 483 75
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid 213 53
Total Assets ..$3.035.140 62
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $88,854 69
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 69,166 19
Losses resisted, Including expenses... 25,922 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. 81,011,528 33;
reinsurance 50 per cent 505,763 16
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,192,-
-881 31; reinsurance pro rata 625.349 S3
Reinsurance premiums 11.372 63
Total Liabilities $1,329,429 19
INCOME. * "
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,449,475 69
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 431 85
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources ..- 94,308 19
Received for Rents " 28,389 70
Received for profit on sale of securi-
ties „ 23.57123
Total Income $1,596,177 6S
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $192,636 41, losses of pre-
vious years) 8*83.(16 51
Dividends to Stockholders 100. 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 262.42153
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 153,750 72
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 50.301 49
All other payments and expenditures 104,670 44
Total Expenditures $1,804,888 74
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $906,740 54
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks.! Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ' $157,146,439 ! $1,722 72
Net amount- of Risks
expired during the
year 153,003,964 1.755,677 70
Net amount In force
December 31, 1888 | 200,075.765 ! 2.204.188 64
I. REMSEN LANE. President.
C. L. ROE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to . before me, this
2Sth day of January, 1899.
JOS. McCOT.D, Notary Public.
CESAR BERTHEAU, Manager,
Pacific Coast Department,
423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
WeeKly Gall $1. 00 Year
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMARY OF THE MARKETS
Silver unchanged. Mexican dollars weaker.
Wheat and Wheat freights quiet.
Barley, Rye and Co) advanced.
Oats quiet with light receipts.
Flour and Millstuffs as before quoted.
Bran and Middlings '",":. Hay weak and dull.
Beans rule firm, with some changes. Seeds as before.
Sweet Potatoes lower. Vegetables continue firm.
Eastern Eggs advanced. Local Eggs firm,
Butter and Cheese as previously quoted.
Poultry weak and plentiful. Game comes in spoiled.
All kinds of Grapes scarcer and firmer.
Peaches, Pears, Plums and Figs d ing better.
Raisins again advanced. First new Walnuts appeared.
Pried Fruits in good demand at previous prices.
Hams firm at the advance. Other Provisions unchanged.
Hides and Leather continue firm and active.
Wool selling fairly at firm prices. Hops dull.
Hogs in sufficient supply. Other Meats stand the same.
Canned Fruits and 1 \-getables in good demand.
Coffee quiet. No change in Oils.
Charters.
The Albert an Mohican load mdse for Hon
olulu.
Th- lolani loads sugar at Honolulu for New
York. $6.
The Eric loads lumber at Port Biakeley for
Honolulu.
The Arctic Stream loads wheat at Portland
for Europe, 41s 3d; Ferdinand Fisher, same
voyage, 40s; Leyland Brothers, same voyage.
2Ss Sd.
The Province is chartered for wheat or barley
to Europe, 375.
Advance in c ß.;isn<i
The California Raisin Growers' Association
furnishes the following under date of Fresno,
Cal.. October 7. IS99: '
"Many packers having sold tbe 73 per cent
of their allotment of 'Standard' raisins we
f.nd it necessary to fix prices upon the remain
ing 23 per cent: nnd to keep faith with the
trade in our Intimation that prices would be
raised at least once during the season, we
now announce an advar.ee in ..ar price for 3
Crown Standard Lo?se Muscatels of %c per
lb, and for 4 Crown Loose Muscatels of %C per
lb. Packers are authorized to se'.l the remain
ing 23 per cent of their allotment at these
prices: other grades and sizes to remain as
heretofore until further notice. We have
fixed the following prices to take effect Imme
diately:
"Loose Valencia Raisins— Fancy, per lb..
f.%c; choice, per lb., 4%c: standard, per lb.,
3'ic. Valencia Clusters— Fancy, ;ier lb., 7c;
choice, per lb., 6c; standard, per lb., 5c."
'Bank of Caliioi'hia (Meeting.
The thirty-fifth annual meeting of the Bank
of California was held yesterday There were
21.000 shares represented out of a total of 30. 0 W.
Directors were elected as follows: James M.
Allen, William Alvord. William Babeock,
Charles R. Bishop. Antonie Borel. Adam Grant,
11. H. Hewlett. Edward W. Hopkins. Myer
I-ewis, Jacob Stem and George Whittell.
The balance sheet for October 1, 1599, is as
follows:
Assets-
Loans and discounts $9,919,393 71
Bank premiums 250,000 00
Otb.r real estate 345.027 ul
Merchandise letters of - credit 243,268 42
Other assets '.',05413
Bonds and stocks 1.452.551 7S
United States bonds 2.002.822 S3
Due from banks 3.596.266 71
Money on hand 4.04i\774 59
Total $21,868,462 IS
Liabilities —
Capital paid In $3,000,000 00
Reserve fund 1.0n0.000 00
Profit and loss 2,365,968 6"
Dividends unpaid 492 00
Due depositors 12.979.51S SO
Due banks 2.152.202 SS
Other liabilities 370.219 S4
Total liabilities 521.565.462 IS
The total money movement for the year was
$917,215,536, equal to $75,434,628 for each month.
The exchange transactions amounted to $$-
-20i.2:T2.
The board re-elected the old officers as fol
lows: President, ill lam Alvord, for the
twenty-second time; cashier, Thomas Brown.
for the thirtieth time; vice president, Charles
R. Bishop; assistant cashiers, S. Prentiss
Smith and I. M. Moulton Jr.; secretary. Allen
M Clay.
The usual quarterly dividend of $3 per share
was declared, payable on th« ICth.
The new stock is now ready for Issue at the
rate of two new shares for three shares of old
fctock surrendered.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mall advices from New York say: "All
brokers and jobbers report an increasing trade
and an upward tendency to prices. The condi
tions under which -opperators are now work
ing are much more favorable than previously,
nnd there are plenty of indications that trade
ls going to improve continuously from now out,
It has been a long wait, but the present out
look promises all the activity dealers antici
pated.
"Prunes are firmer, and, according to rumors
floating about yesterday, there will be large
pales soon, because negotiations for 15 to 20. or
even larger lots, are in progress and will no
doubt be consummated speedily 'i he general
conditions governing the trade are unchanged,
except that firmness has increased md here
is more liberal buying by small purchasers.
The scarcity of 90s makes sales of the four
pizes difficult. Nineties command a premium
of '/Jc. and are sold on that basis. Few lots
are sold for less or more than ?. -. f. a b., In
bags and prices ten! upward rather than down
ward on all sizes.
"Few Important sales of new raisins are In
progress. The price scares some buyers and
the repeated assertions that foreign goods ot
the same quality can be laid down here cheaper
than the cost of loose Muscatels laid down
In this morket has a tendency to weaken the
buying and make probable purchasers of con
siderable quantities hold off until the actual
outcome of present conditions is known. Even
tually consumers will have to have raisins, but
nt present they can worry holders by not
taking them.
"Peaches continue steady at the recent ad
vance, with an upward tendency noted In most
lines. It ls said that Chinese peaches are sell
ing better, and that some grades are already
scarce. Holders feel more confidence and are
Insisting upon better prices or no' -.-lies.
"Apricots continue firm, but the market is
quiet ar.d prices are showing an upward ten
dency when any change is Indicated. The sup
ply ls not excessive, because canners paid more
money than driers could afford and conse
quently left the evaporators with only small
supplies to draw from.
"Pears are likely to be scarce, and prices
will rule high. The crap In California was
Hhort and as the bulk of dried pears come from
there the outcome Is obvious."
li cat her Kefort.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN. FRANCISCO, Oct. 10. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 56 San Diego' 66
Fresno TOJSacramento 72
Los Angeles 70 } Independence 78
Red Bluff 7" I'uma 98
San Luis Obispo . 70! <
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
58; minimum, 54; moan, 50.
WEATHER 'CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is unusually low over the entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains. Read-
Ings below 29.50 inches are reported at Red
Biuff. Independence and Yuma. The storm
from tlie Mexican frontier has progressed stead
ily northward, nnd lt is snowing in the Sierras.
The northern storm Is now far enough south
to unite with the southern storm. Rain la fall
ing from Eureka northward.
Storm signals are displayed at San Francisco
for high northwesterly winds, changing to
southwesterly.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: San Francisco, 3S miles per hour
from the west; Red Bluff, 30 from the. north;
Yuma, 20 from the southeast.
The temperature has fallen from 10 to '20 de
grees over the Interior of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. October 11, 1599:
• For -Northern California— Cloudy Wednesday;
I continued cool weather, probably rain: brisk
I southwest winds.
j Per Southern 'all Cloudy, threatening
, weather, possibly light sprinkles of rain; fresh
southerly winds.
For Nevada— Rain Wednesday, continued cool
1 weather.
For Utah— Rain Wednesday, continued cool
1 weather.
i For Arizona— Cloudy Wednesday; colder.
I For i*an Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy
i Wednesday. probably rain; continued cool,
j brisk westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official,
.*-.
EASTERN MARKETS .
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— The stock market to
day demonstrated in a striking manner its reli
i ance on the domestic money situation and Its
i indifference to the events in foreign lands. The
j London market advanced prices under the lead
| of Kaffir mining stocks. In which there is a
I merry speculation, bated on the assumption of
| early control by the British Government if the
Hand mining district. The local market re
sponded only partly to the improved quotations
from abroad, and more than lost the opening
gainst before the end of the flrst hour. Then
came the announcement from Washington of
the decision of the Treasury Department to
anticipate the November interest on Govern
ment bonds without discount and that of the
entire fiscal ear at discount of two-tenths of
1 per cent, about the regular rate on Govern
ment bonds. The response was prompt ana em
phatic, prices rising with more appearance of
strength than for a long time past. The gains
ranged from l to over 2 per cent in many active
stocks. The buying was undoubtedly in large
part due to the covering of short contracts by
the bear interest, which has been considerably
extended during the last few days on the con
tinuing appearance of money stringency. The
speculative industrials were most affected, in
cluding those in -the metal Industry. The most
notable movement in the railroad list was that
of Burlington, which rose an extreme -'. When
the demand for the short Interest was satisfied
prices began to sag again, and with the ex
ception of sharp bidding up of sugar to the top
Wei In the late dealings the close was In
clined to heaviness. The action of the Treas
ury Department on its face offers something
like went, six millions for the relief of tlie
money market and over $4,300,000 of this with
out discount. The amount provided for imme
diate release, however, is only about $1,500,.00,
t;ie payment of the balance of November 1 in
terest being fixed for weekly periods up to
October 23. The extent to which this privilege
will be availed of Is a problem, but last year's
experiment on the same lines did not bring
striking suits: The anticipated interest last
year was that due on October 1 and November
1, i- ' that this year's offer is greater by more
than $22.000.1.100 so far as interest ls concerned,
but last year the Government anticipated a
redemption of $14,000,000 nf Pacific Railroad
bonds in September and increased its deposits
with the depository' hanks 1.;. $23,000,000 in Sep
tember and October. The treasury was paying
out money freely then, while this year the Gov
ernment surplus is constantly taking mom out
of the market. On the whole the relief offered
by the Government to the money market ap
pears rather meager by contrast with last year,
lien the rate for call loan was at no time
over 6 per cent during the crop-moving peril
The call loan rate worked rather easier to-day,
though the majority of loans were made at 10
per tent maximum rate. In time loans lenders
were more willing to give accommodations for
short periods, whereas they had been holding
out for the six months' period. The rate for
ull periods continues at 6 per cent. The money
situation abroad was again distinctly easier
and the weekly statement of the Imperial Bank
of Germany, as well as the continued receipt
of gold on balance by the Bank of England in
dicated progress toward recuperation. Never
theless, sterling exchange held firm and German
exchange advanced a fraction.
The bond market continued dull and changes
in prices were mixed. Total sales, par value
$2. 035.00 c. United States new fours declined _
in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
S e a^ S c. _. Closing
Sold. Stocks— Ri ,.
2,000 Atchison '.;,
--28,750 Atchison prefd """'-(£3
150 Baltimore & Ohio '.'.'.'.'.'."" -,l,:*
100 Canadian Pacific .".'.'.".'.'.." 91%
Canada Southern " " 50
2.000 Central Pacific k«
1,800 Chesapeake & Ohio ...'.'.'.'.'.'. _-3-%
1. 45 Chicago Great Western ' .41:
14, 490 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy '.' 130%
585 Chicago, Ind. a- Louisville.... __
Chicago, Ind. & Louisville prefd .. 43'
1,025 Chicago „ Eastern Illinois 97%
200 Chicago & Northwestern 165
14,765 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 112%
3,210 C. C. C. & St. Louis 67%
Colorado Southern ,:
Colorado Southern Ist prefd '.'.'. 44.,
Colorado Southern 2d prefd ..."""' 15%
Delaware & Hudson 122%
2,652 Delaware. Lack. & Western 188
Denver & Rio Grande ■;
OW Denver & Rio Grande prefd " 7414
ioo Erie '"1314
300 Erie Ist prefd 3514
538 Gre-at Northern prefd ."!163
Hocking Coal '..13
1 locking Valley " 31
1,000 Illinois Central '.'.!.'.'.'.'. '.'ll2\
100 lowa Central ..!!!!!! 13%
lowa Central prefd .'.....'. 67
Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gulf". 7" 8
Lake Erie & Western 19
Lake Erie & Western prefd .'. 73%
Lake Shore •>,,()
14,275 Louisville & Nashville !!! '"" 81%
10,350 Manhattan Elevated i,,s
2,400 Metropolitan Street Railway !l!l&6%
600 Mexican Central 14
100 Minneapolis & St. Louis 7'>'.;
100 Minneapolis & St. Louis prefd..."! 95
3. «00 Missouri Pacific 441.
150 bile & Ohio 441^
Missouri, Kansas & Texas 12%
500 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 39
700 New Jersey Central 119%
2,650 New York Central 134%
2,610 Norfolk _, Western 24%
1,210 Norfolk & Western prefd C 9%
7,200 Northern Pacific 5214
1.000 Northern Pacific prefd ;... 741
1,420 Ontario & Western 24%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway _ Nay. prefd v.,
3.^00 Pennsylvania 1,11
612 Reading .- 21
3.500 Reading Ist prefd ;>i, 4
600 Reading 2d prefd 32 -.
Rio Grande Western 37%
100 Rio Grande Western prefd SO
■ St. Louis & San Francisco..'. 10%
St. Louis & S. F. Ist prefd 70%
St. Louis & B. I-'. 2d prefd 36%
St. Louis, Southwestern 13
l. r OO St. Louis, Southwestern prefd 33%
19,360 St. Paul 125
500 St. Paul prefd 17*
300 St. Paul _ Omaha .119
::._-.", Southern Pacific 37%
200 Southern Railway 11%
4,025 Southern Railway prefd 5244
300 Texas & Pacific 18%
5.060 ' Union Pacific 435'
7,030 Union Pacific prefd '. 70
600 Wabash 7%
300 Wabash prefd 21<&
1.600 Wheeling & L. X n%
1.C22 Wheeling & L. E. 2d prefd 30%
700 Wisconsin Central 17
(' C C and St Louis 7314
Express Companies
Adams 114
110 American 14s
United States 52
Wells-Fargo 133
Miscellaneous —
1,000 American Cotton Oil 4454
THE SAN FRANCISCO * CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1899.
200 American Cotton Oil prefd 95
American Malting is
American Malting prefd 65
1,450 American Smelting and Refining.. 37%
625 Amer ."-'melting and Kenning prefd.. 87
121 American Spirits 1%
-merclan Spirits prefd 22 j
2,200 American Steel Hoop 43% !
600 American Steel Hoop prefd 88% '
I 23.050 American Steel and Wire 54%
; 2,000 American Steel and Wire prefd.... 99%
1,200 American Tin Plate 35% i
1 150 American Tin Plate prefd 86%
I 34,170 American Tobacco 121%
! American Tobacco prefd 146 i
2,050 Anaconda Mining Co 49% :
50,190 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 68%
3.210 Colorado Fuel and Iron 55%
, 31.275 Continental Tobacco 42%
720 Continental Tobacco prefd 93%
12,950 Federal Steel 55%
1.700 Federal Steel prefd 78%
SCO General Electric 118%
Glucose Sugar 60
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 108
200 International Paper 26
2.050 International Paper prefd 70
Laclede Gas 65%
100 National Biscuit 43% I
190 National Biscuit prefd 96%
5.054 National Lead .-. 30%
National Lead prefd 110%
2.400 National Steel 51%
734 National Steel prefd 95%
New Tork Air Brake 110
1,000 North American '. 13%
100 Pacific Coast 45%
i Pacific Coast first prefd 83
300 Pacific Coast second prefd 66%
320 Paciiic Mail 40%
11.330 People's Gas no%
400 Pressed Steel Car 57%
Pressed Steel Car prefd 89% |
600 Pullman Palace Car 188
Standard Rope and Twine 7
54.156 Sugar 143%
Sugar prefd in
7,070 Tennessee Coal and Iron 116%
6.520 United States Leather 14%
3.511 United States Leather prefd 77%
150 United States Rubber 47%
210 United States Rubber prefd 115%
100 Western Union f%7% ;
1,600 Republic T and S 27% '
920 Republic T and S prefd 72' *
435,500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 100 M X & T 2ds 69% i
U S 3s reg 107% M X _ ')' 4s 92% •
US 3s coupon 10S% X y Central Ists. .11 1% |
U S new 4s reg.Tf.l23% N" J Central gen 55. 119 "
V S new Is coup. 129% N Carolina 6s 127
IT S old 4s reg 11l N Carolina I* 104
U S old 4s coupon. N Pacific Is 113
IT S 5s reg 111% N Pacific 3s 65%
r S 5s coupon 111% N Pacific 4s 101%
Dist of C 3.055. .117 N V C & SI L 45.. 104"
Alabama class A. .109 N .<: W con 4s 92% i
Alabama class 8..109 N _ W en 65.. 135
Alabama class C..102 Or Nay Ists 115
Alabama Currency.loo Or Nay 4s 103
Atchison gen 45... 98% l>r Short Line 65.. 127
Atchison adj 45.... 85% Or S L con 5s 113%
Panada So 2ds losuilteadlng Gen 45. ... 86%
I'hes & Ohio 4'is.. 95% ;R G .-.- ists 95% I
("hes & Ohio 65.rr.118%.8 L & l M C 55.. ..109%
V „ N W con 75.. 145 H L & 8 F G 123' -
C & NWSFdebSs..HO Bt Pan! consols. ..lM "
Chicago Term 45... 97% Bt P C & P Ists..
D_ R Q ists li 3 ;f;t PC« Pss 120%
D&R G4s 99% So Railway 55.. 108%
F. Term. Va.vGlsts.lo2% Stand R _ T 65... 83
Erie General 45... 71 Venn new set 35.. 91
: F \Y _ D C IstS.. 77 S" & P Ists 114
General Eiec 55. ...116 T _ P 2ds 50
O H & S A 6.-- 103 (Union Pacific «5...PV!%
0 H&S A2d .108 Wabash ists 115
}'. & T C Ts 110% Wabash 2ds ioo
: HI.TC'C '-on Us 108 -West Shore 4s 112
■ lowa Central Ists. ll3 Wis Cent Ists 70
KCP * G Ists.... 71 Va Centuries ...... Si%
].a new cons ..106 'a Deferred E
L& N uni 45.... 99% Polo & South 45... SO%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 35 Ontario <! 20
Crown Point 15, Ophir 90
Con Cal & Va 165 Plymouth 8
Deadw 1 70 Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry 35 Quicksilver prefd.. 6 75
Hale & Norcrs .... '■" Sierra Nevada .... 65
Homestake 65 00 Standard 3 00
Jn>n Silver 62 Union Con 30 1
Mexican 3:; Yellow Jacket .... 2".
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. !
Money - Union fie....... 43% \
Call ins 607 Union Land 5% ■
I'ime loans /■'■ Weal End 94
Stock West End prefd..
A T _ S F 21 Westinghouse E1... 40
A T & s F prefd.. 63% l Bonds-
American 5ugar.. .143% Atchison 4s 99
Amer Sugar prefd.. i Mining Shares—
Bell Telephone 375 Adventure 6%
Boston & Albany.. 249 All a- Mm Co. 5'A
Boston Elevated. ..lo7% Atlantic 28
Huston & Maine. ...201 (Boston & Mont ....360
t'hi Bur & Q 130% Butte & Boston 78
Ed Elec 111 208 Calumet & Hecla..7So
Fitchburg prefd. ...119 Centennial 33%
General Electric. .llß irr_.ii.Hn is
Gen Elec prefd 139 IHumboldt 1%
J-'ederal Steel. .. 55% Osceola Sir..
Fed Steel prefd 78% Parrot 47
Mexican Central... 13% Quincy its
Mich Telephone. ...los S Fe Copper 12
('id Colony 206 ramarack 225
Old Dominion 33 Wolverines 41%
Rubber 48% Utah 3S
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— Money on call firm
at 4', 10 per cent; last loan. 4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 5%06 i-er cent. Sterling ex
j change firm with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 £6®4 86% for demand and at $4 82fi
4 52% for 60 days. Posted rates, $4 82« 183
and $4 87*.} 57%. Commercial bills, $4 810
4 81%. Silver certificates, sS@s9c. Bar Silver,
68058% c. Mexican dollars. 47c. Government
bonds easy: State bonds Inactive; railroad
bonds Irregular.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $255,745,C99; gold reserve,
$256,902,0 CL
London Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The announcement which was made during
the day's session of the Stock Exchange here j
that the Boers had presented an ultimatum, \
which it was reported demanded the with- |
drawal of British troops from the Transvaal |
borders within forty-eight hours, was received
contemptuously generally by financiers and i
especially In view of the persistent rumors of
the purchase from Portugal of Delagoa Bay.
The markets were Inactive, but stronger on
bear coverings and the knowledge that buying '
orders are awaiting an outbreak of hostilities, i
Consols touched 104. In the American depart- I
ment the opening-was steady. Later there was
; a general sagging till near the close, when a j
short spurt occurred, led by Louisville and I
Nashville. In the street also prices rose, i
though there, as on the board, business was
small. Tintns were 45%. the price going up j
on bear closing of contracts.
The Bank of England to-day bought £132,000
gold In liars. £68.000 in Russian coin and i
£16.000 in French coin. Money was easier.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific' 94%: Union Pacific pre
ferred, 77%: Northern Pacific preferred .76%:
Atchison, 21%: Grand Trunk. 7%; Anaconda,
10%. Bar Silver, steady, 26% d per ounce. j
Money, 3 per cent.
« 9
1 j
New York Grain and Produce. j
; « . II
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts, '
36.582; experts. 17,937. Quiet; low grades j
scarce and were firmly held, while medium and .
high grades were ft-eely offered; Winter extras,
$2 55@3. .!
WHEAT— Receipts!, 302, 550 bushels; exports,
351.559. Spot, easy; No. 2 red. 77% cf. o. b.
' afloat spot. No. 1 Northern Duluth, Soij,e f. o.
b. afloat to arrive new; No. l hard Duluth,
82% cto arrive; No. 2 red. 74% c elevator. Op
tions opened easy and -'Hie lower under disap
pointing cables and higher consols, the latter
being taken to signify a more peaceful South
I African outlook. Later the market rallied par
, tially on local covering, but again the feeling
became weak, and prices declined %c from the
top figures of the morning, chiefly owing to the
heavier Increase shown by tl;- visible supply
and a lack of export demand. Closed easy at
V*®%c net decline. March. 79%®79%c. closed
! 79% c: May. 79%®S0c. closed SOc: December, 76%
I i .''• 13- ICc, close I 76% c.
PETROLEUM— Firm. •
METALS— lnterest in the local market for
metal was at low ebb during the day. with the
close nominal. Tin fell 20 points under absence
of buyers rather than pressure of offerings;
other metals showed no price changes what
ever. At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants, nominal at $18
l LAKE COPPER— DuII, at $18 50.
I TlN— Quiet and easier, with $32 15 bid.
LEAD— Unchanged, with $1 60 bid and $4 65
asked.
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $5 60 bid and
$5 55 asked.
The brokers' price for lead '■ is $4 40 and for
copper $13 37%®18 50.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, five points
: higher to 10 points net lower. Sales, ].-, 250
bags, including: October, $4 50; December, $4*Bo
-, January. $4 8004 85; February. $4 90 March $5
■ May, $3 05®6 10; June. $5 15: July, $'. 15- August'
55 20; September. $5 30. Spot Coffee— Rid, steady '•
; mild, steady.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 13-16 c
BUTTER— Receipts, 8080 packages; strong-
I Western creamery. 17®24c; June creamery. 19®
! 22c: factory. 14®16c.
j Receipts, 11,540 packages; steady;
State and Pennsylvania, 21%®22%c; Western
ungraded at mark. 15019 c. ; '"
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
. California dried fruits steady
EVAPORATED APPLES-Common, 7%c;
prime wire tray. 7%@8%c; choice, 8%09c; fancy,
9(5 9%c.
PRUNES- 3%c
APRICOTS-Royal, 12@13%c; Moorpark, 14®
16c.
PEACHES— 7%@9c.
<->——— ~—
J : — ■ t
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 10.— A decline of %c marked I
the opening In wheat. Even at their conces- j
sion there was little demand and under liqui
dation by longs, mostly of a. local nature, a !
still further recession In prices took place. I
Liverpool was slightly lower at the start, but |
developed radical weakness before the close
of the session there. It reflected the views of 1
traders in regard to war prospects in the
Transvaal, which were evidently considered
much more remote, and this fact had a strong
Influence on local trading. An equally im
portant factor was the prospects of a heavy
Increase In the visible supply. The increase
was finally announced at 2,803,000 bushels.
Lccal stocks showed an increase of 582,000
bushels. Another source of weakness was the
enormous primary receipts, 2,461,000 bushels.
compared with 2,015,000 bushels a year ago.
The opening price for December was 7-K072%C
against Saturday's closing of 72%®72%c. The
price worked down to 72% c, where a little cov
ering by shorts caused a period of steadiness.
The demand was limited, however, and when •
satisfied the market again slowly declined, '
keeping on the downward course until well In !
the afternoon. The trading was narrow. The ]
forthcoming crop report had a restraining in
fluence and the absence of d.mand was but
another factor in the weakness. The price was j
almost continually under puts and not until
near the close was any indication of. a rally
apparent. The December price in the mean
time got down to 71%071%C A break of almost
1 cent was too tempting for shorts, who cov
ered quite freely toward the close and caused
an advance to 72%©72% c, where the market
closed. A report from New York that sixty
loads had been engaged for export had some
Influence in causing the late rally.
Corn during the morning was active and
strong. Elevator people and commission j
houses were sharp competitors for all offerings. |
Later the feeling became easier on predictions
of general rains and part of the advance was
li it. December closed Vs®%c higher at 30% c. j
The market for oats was very dull and prices |
kept within a narrow range. December closed
a shade higher at 22% c.
Provisions were dull and ruled at Irregular
declines. January pork close,] 71,0 lower at !
$3 67%: January lard a shade lower, and Janu
ary ribs 2' ■■• lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 70% 70% 69 70%
December 72% 72% 71% 72%
May 75? 76% 73 75%
Torn No. 2—
October 31% 31% 31% 31%
December '. 30% 80% 30% 80%
May 31% 31% 31% 31%
lata No. 2—
December 23 23 22% 22%
May 24% 24% 24% 21%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
October 820 820 8 17% 820
December 8 32% 8 32% 825 830
January 9 72% 9 72% 9 67% 970
Lard, per 100 lbs-
October 5 37% 53 7% 6 35% 5 37%
December 5 42% 545 5 42% 5 42%
January 5 57% 5 57% 555 5 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— I
October 5 07% 07% 6 07% 5 07%
January 5 07% 510 505 5 07%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easier, about lOc lower; No. 3 spring wheat,
66„7 c; No. 2 red. 72% c; No. 2 corn. 31%®
32c; No. 2 oats. 22%®23%c; No. 2 white. 25026 c;
No. 3 white, 24%025%c; No. 2 rye. 56®56%c;
No. 2 barley, 38039% c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 16;
prime timothy seed, $2 35; mess pork, per bbl,
$7 7508 25; lard, per 100 lbs, $6 2505 50; short 1
ribs sides (loose), i; 9005 25: dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), 6U®6%c; short .'ear sides (boxed),
$5 6506 75; whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon, $1 22; sugar, cut, loaf, unchanged;
granulated, do; standard a. do.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 42.000 32,000
Wheat, bushels 321.000 18,000
Corn, bushels 1.445, 1,522,000
fiats, bushels 516.000 454,000
Rye. bushels 31.000 600
Barley, bushels 283.000 110,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: creamery, 16023 c; dairy,
14® 19c. Cheese, strong, 11%®12c. Eggs, firm,
fresh, 16% c.
«> »
Foreign Futures.
($ ; ; *)
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 6 1% 6 3 6 3%
Closing 6 1 6 2% 6 2%
PARIS.
Wheat — Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 18 86 19 75
Closing IS 80 19 70
Flour-
Opening 24 55 25 75
Closing 24 40 25 60
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— The following Is a
statement of the visible supply of grain In
store and afloat on Saturday, October 7, as
compiled by the New York Produce Exchange:
Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat 44. 215. 2,083,000
Corn 14,750,000 2.260,000
Oats 8,603.000 698.000
Rye 506.000 97,000
Barley 1,731,000 290,000
* 1 ; »
1
Boston Wool Market. v
€> <
BOSTON, Oct. 10.— The Wool market here
continues to maintain a firm tone and fair
purchases have been made at full prices. Ter
ritory Wools are firm, with prices ranging
about the same as last week. Fine medium
and fine scoured are bringing 53@55c, while
strictly staple lots are calling for 58@60c.
Fleece Wools show a quiet business at last
week's prices. Australian Wools are well
cleaned up and prices are nominal. Quota
tions: Territory Wools Montana and Dakota,
fine medium and fine, lOiglSc; scoured, 53054 c;
staple, 58060 c; Utah, Wyoming, fine medium
and fine, lS's'l9c; scoured, 52054 c; staple, E6(S>
ESc; Idaho, fine, medium and fine, 17®18c:
scoured, 52054 c; medium, 180200: scoured, 46®
47c. Australian, scoured basis— Combing, su
perior, 80@S2c; good, 78®S0c; average, E7@77c.
♦—■ . ♦
California Fruit Sales.
<& — »
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices at auction to
day: ' Grapes— Muscat, single crates, 75c®$l 55,
average 86c; Tokay, 90c®$l, average 95c; double
crates, $1 75@2 60. average $2. Peaches—
ways, $1 85. Tears— Seckel, single crates, $1 40.
Prunes— ltalian, single crates, $1 10@1 25, aver
age $1 20: Silver, $1 4.'. Five cars sold to-day.
Unfavorable weather.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes— Malaga, single crates, 75c®>$1 05, aver
age 98c: Tokays, 95c® $1 05, average $1 01. Pears
— Winter Nells, average $2. Prunes— ltalian,
single crates. 80090 c, average 87c; German, SOc.
Eight cars sold to-day. Favorable weather.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. -CATTLE— to fancy
Cattle sold at $5 90@7: commoner grades at
$4 r.'i'c/r, 86. Stockers and feeders brought $31®
4 90; bulls, cows and heifers, $2@5 25; Texas
steers, $3 204} 4 30; rangers, $3(g's 10, and calves,
$407. »
HOGS— Heavy Hogs sold at $4 0504 75: mixed
lots at $4 3TwT4 75. and' light at $4 4004 75. Pigs
brought $3 90@4 70. and culls, $1 6004.
SHEEP— Sheep sold at $293 for common and
$3 9if't4 for prime wethers. Western rangers
bringing $3 25{?3 90. Lambs brought $3 6004 for
common lots and $506 25 for the best. Western
range lambs bringing $4 5005.
Receipts— Cattle. 6000; Hogs, 22,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Oct. Clearings. $371,219; bal
ances. $49,792.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 10.— There was a slight sag
In nearly all the markets to-day, and the Port
land market was no exception. Exporters are
still skirmishing for ships, and until more ton
nage is available are not very much pressed for
wheat. Fifty-nine cents was the top for Walla
Walla: Valley, C9c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. ' Oct. 10.— wheat market was
quiet, and local prices declined to-day. Export
quotations: Club, 58% c; Bluestem, 60% c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— Consols, 104; silver, 2fi%d;
French rentes, 100f 50c; wheat cargoes off
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, quiet
and steady; English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 10.— Wheat, steady; wheat
In Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, dull. . i- ■-
COTTON— Uplands. 3 31-32 d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
j Sterling Exchange, sixty days — ■ $4 S3
Sterling Exchange, sight...." — 4 87
I Sterling Cables — 4 SS
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
! New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 4S
Fine Silver, per ounce — 58%'
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS-A charter of a ship
for wheat and barley at 37s fixes the spot rate.
The market is but moderately active. The :
I chartered wheat fleet In port has a registered '
tonnage of 46.700. against 15.370 tons on the i
i same date last year; disengaged, 13.100 tons, I
against 40,794; on the way to this port, 201,000 j
tons, against 162,100.
WHEAT— Everything conspired to depress
the market yesterday. Cables were lower all '
around, both lrom Liverpool and Paris, the
visible supply increased over 2,000,000 bushels,
Russian shipments were heavy, and the de- i
ma nd was light and chiefly for May. The bears j
seized their advantage and hammered the mar
ket at Chicago. There was a lively demand .
there for Corn, however, at firm prices.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 07%®1 OS%; milling,
$1 1001 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December—
10,000 ctls, $1 12%; May— 2ooo, $1 17%; 2000,
$1 17%.
Second Session— December— l6,ooo ctls, $1 12%;
May— 2ooo, $1 17%.
Regular Morning Session— May looo ctls,
i $1 is.
• Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls. $1 13;
I 6000. $1 12%: May— $1 18%; 2000. $1 18%.
BARLEY'— market for futures on call Is
at a standstill, but the spot market Is stronger
! at a material advance.
Feed. 80085 c; Brewing.' 90@97%c; Chevalier,
nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session- -Wo sales.
Afternoon Session— Seller "99. new— 2ooo ctls,
86% c; 2000, 86% c.
OATS— There is a slow and moderate demand
which saves the market from utter stagnation.
Quotations show a few slight changes. Re
ceipts are light. White, $1 0501 25; Red. $1@
15; Gray, $1 07%®1 15; Black, 92%c®l 02%.
CORN— The market ls almost entirely cleaned
up and prices are higher In consequence,
though the demand does not amount to much.
Eastern large Yellow. $1 0501 10; White, $1 05®
1 10; mixed, $1 02%'ul 07% per ctl.
RYE— The demand is better and the market
!is firmer at 92%097%c per ctl. The inquiry ls
I for local consumption and export.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
I FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60®3 75.
I usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4008 50; Oregon
1 and Washington, $3 4003 50 per barrel for ex
| tra. $3 2503 40 for bakers, and $2 2503 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
: Flour, $3 .... per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex-
I tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 5004 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. $3 2503 60; Buck-
I wheat Flour. $404 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75:
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55® 6 95; in sacks, $6 3506 75;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
I $5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran and Middlings are firm at the advance
already noted.
Hay continues dull and weak, with liberal
supplies.
BRAN— 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $P 2" per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $17 50® IS per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $26027; jobbing,
$27 50(528; Cocoanut Cake, $2u©2l; Cornmeal,
$23 50024 50; Cracked Corn, $24025; Mixed Feed,
$16016 50; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $708 50 for common to good
and $3@9 25 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $0®
S 50; Oat, $608; Barley, $5®7; Island Barley,
$505 50; Alfalfa, $507 per ton; Compressed,
$6 50® 9.
STRAW— 2S® 35c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The Panama steamer took out 1170 ctls Mus
tard Seed for New York.
Beans continue Arm, and there is a good de
mand, chiefly on speculative account, for many
believe that prices will go still higher. There
Is no further decline in Pinks.
BEANS— Bayi s. $1 »5®2 02%; small white, $2 30
®2MO; large white. $19002; Pinks, $19002;
Reds, $3 75: Blackeye, $3 2503 35: Butters, nom
inal: Li mas, $4 25; Pea, $2 3562 50; Red Kid
neys. (2 i" 32 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 2%®3c; Yellow
Mustard, 3%®4c; Flax, nominal; Canary,
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2%03c; Hemp, 404% c;
Tim. thy, 4{t4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1350150; Green. $175
@1 So per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions stand about the same,
but Vegetables continue to Improve, as usual
at the close of the season. Tomatoes are firm
er, being in lighter receipt, and the hot weather
of Sunday damaged them considerably.
POTATOES River Reds, 60@70c; Early Rose,
40050 c; Burbanks, 45070 c per ctl; Salinas Bur- j
banks. 90c®$l 10; Oregon Burbanks, 75c; Sweet
Potatoes, 75®90c for Rivers and $1 25 for Mer
ced.
ONIONS— 4SOO7Oc per ctl; Pickle Onions, 50®
75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3®3%c per lb;
String Beans, 2®3c; Lima Beans, 8%04c; Cab
bage, 4 1 '•;."."<■; Tomatoes, 12%®35c; Egg Plant,
40fu50c; Green Okra, 50c®$l per box; Dried
Okra, 14% c per lb; Garlic, 2@3c; Green Pep
pers, 40®75c per box; Carrots, 30040 c per sack;
Bay Cucumbers, 35050 c; Pickles. $1 50 per ctl
for No. 1 and 50c for No. 2; Summer Squash,
35060 c; Marrowfat Squash, $6®S per ton;
Green Corn, $10125 per crate and 75c®$l per
sack.
Poultry and Game.
Liberal supplies of Eastern, here and to ar
rive, keep the Poultry market weak and dull.
Game continues, to arrive In bad condition,
and quantities are either dumped or seized by
the health officers.
POULTRY-Live Turkeys, 14®16c for Gob
blers and 14@16c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 160
17c; Geese, per pair, $1 75-712; Goslings, $1 7502;
Pucks, $406 for old and $4 5006 for young;
Hens $4 5006 50; Young Roosters. $4 6005 50;
Old Roosters. $404 60; Fryers. $3 50®4; Broilers,
$3 2503 50 for large. $3®3 25 for small; Pigeons,
$1 2501 50 per dozen for old and $1 50@1 75 for
Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25®1 50; Mallard, $4®7;
Stirlg. $306; Teal. $204 50; Widgeon, $1 50@2 50;
Small Duck. $1 5003; Doves, 60c per dozen;
Hare, $1 26; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and
$1 25 for small; Gray Geese, $2 50; White, $1 50;
Brant, $1 50; English Snipe, $I®l 50 per dozen;
Jack Snipe, 75c@$L
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter and Eggs are both firmer at the ad
vance already noted, and supplies are moderate.
Cheese has not changed tor some time.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 27®2Sc; seconds,
25®26c.
Dairy— Fancy, 21®25c; good to choice, 22%®
23% c; store, nominal .
Pickled roll, 21%®22%c; firkin, 21®21%c;
creamery tub. 22%®23%c per lb.
Eastern. 17% c for ladle packed.
CHEESE— mild new, lie; old, 10®
10% c; Young America, ll@ll%c; Eastern, 14/
15c"
. EGGS— Quoted at 22%®27%c for store and 34®
3Sc per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 26Ji2Sc for
selected, 23&25 C for No. 1 and 20@22%c for sec
onds. '__
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Wine Grapes have again advanced, several
sales being reported at the top quotation. Table
Grapes, too, are suddenly scarcer and firmer.
In fact, there are very few here.
Peaches. Plums and Figs continue scarce and
firm, and Winter Pears are also doing better.
Bartlett Pears are almost gone.
Melons are weaker. Lemons and Limes are
quiet and unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 85050 c per box for common and 60c®
$1 for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries. $4®6 per chest:
Strawberries, per chest for small and $1 50
©3 50 for large berries; Raspberries, $3 6005 per
chest: Huckleberries, 4@7c per lb; Wiscon
sin Cranberries. $6 50 per bbl; Cape Cod Cran
berries, $S.
. Grapes. 33®50c for Black, 40050 c for Muscat,
40®60c for Tokay, 50®60c for Cornichon; crates
sell 10®15c higher; Wine Grapes, $23®26 per ton
for /.lnfandel. $21®23 for other black and $16®
20 for White.
Watermelons. $8016 per 100.
Cantaloupes. $1 25 @1 50 per crate; Nutmegs, 40
®65c per box.
Pomegranates. 35050 c per box.
Pears.. Bartlett. $1 6001 75 per box; Winter
Pears. 50c®$l 25 per box.
Figs, 75®S5c per box for double layers of
black.
Peaches. 75c®$l 10 per box.
Plums, 50c®$l per box and crate.
Quinces 40®65c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Lemons, $l®2 for com
mon and $3® 4 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, 1707 50: California Limes, 110160; Ba
namas, $1 5002 50 per bunch; Pineapples' $1©
250 per dozen. __■_ "
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Certain descriptions of Raisins, Including 3
and 4 crown loose Muscatels, have been frac
tionally advanced, as will be seen in the first
column. ' ■ i • .
All Fruits continue in good demand and firm,
though Prunes are less so than the other de- j
scriptions. They are selling off fairly, how- I
ever.
The first new softshell Walnuts have arrived,
selling off readily. The Los.Nietos crop will j
be along in a week or ten days.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4%'35c for 1
40-50' 4%c for 50-60' s. 3%c for 60-70' 3%c |
for 70-80* 3@3%c for SO-90's and 2%@2%c for j
90-100*8; Apricots, lo@llc for Royals, 14515 c for!
Moorparks and 12512% c for Blenheims; Peaches, :
556 c for Standards, 6%fi7c for choice and 7%®
8c for fancy; peeled Peaches. ll®12c; Evapo
rated Apples, 656% c; Sun-dried, 455 c per lb; j
Nectarines, 7%55c per lb for red and Ss9c for
white: Pears 557 c for quarters and 7%@9c for .
halves; Black Figs. 3c; White Figs. 6@6%c;
Plums. 6%@6c for dark and 7@7%c for bleached. j
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per !
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, Sc; jfprime, 6c: un- j
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6C. V Sultanas— !
Fancy, per lb, S%c; choice, 7%c; standard 6%c;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
50-lh boxes, sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5%c;
3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All j
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points in j
California. »
NUTS— .Walnuts, S^c for standards and S%
for softshell; Almonds, 10%@11%C for paper- |
shell, B@9c for soft and 455 c for hardshell; 1
Peanuts. 5%56%c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia: Brazil Nuts. S%tff9c: Filberts, ll@ll%c;
Pecans 7%@Bc; Cocoanuts, $4 5055.
HONEY— ll%c '■": bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7%@7%c;
light amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, 5%c per '
lb.
BEESWAX— 24S26c per lb.
Provisions.
Hams are firm at the advance already noted.
There ls no change In Bacon or Lard. Bar- j
reled goods continue in fair demand on Gov- j
ernment and Northern account.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for heavy, !
9%!ffloc for light medium, ll%c for light, 13c for '
extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured; Eastern j
sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California Hams, 13% c; J
Mess Beef, $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50; Fam- |
ily, $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear, j
$16 50; mess, $15515 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6'§G%c per lb for ]
compound and 7%c for pure; half barrels, pure,
8c; 10-lb tins, B%c: 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— fi%@7' 8 c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops. \
Hops are slow, as nobody seems to want
them, in spite of the reported damage to the
English crop.- Wool is selling fairly at firm
prices. !
Hides rule as firm as ever and the demand is j
active.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted !
steers. ll®ll%c; medium, I0%c; light, 10c; Cow
hides, 9%@10c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands, 1
13c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf, 17c; j
Sheepskins, yearlings, 20@30c each; short ;
Wool. 35!g60c each; medium, 70590 c; long Wool, ;
'."•.- -isi 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2*52 25 for |
large and $1 2591 60 for small; Colts, 25550 c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%®5c per lb; No.
2, 4®4%c; refined, : grease, 2^.2'^.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon, 17@18c;
Eastern Oregon, 12514 c for choice and 9@11%e I
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs, 8510 c: do
plains, 75Sc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain, 7%®9c; Northern free, 10'&12c; do, defect
ive. 7%®10c 'per lb.
HOPS— Quoted at 10512 c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The packers report ample supplies of Hogs
at the quotations. Beef, Mutton and Veal show |
no change, as the supply about balances the
demand. j
BEEF— 7S"%c per lb for Steers and 6%57c
for Cows. i
VEAL— per lb. !
MUTTON — Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 6%57c .
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. B@B%C per lb. '
PORK— Live Hogs, '.y^y.'*^ for small, 5%c for ]
medium and 5%@5%c for large: stock hogs and
Feeders, 5%@6%c; dressed Hogs, 7<3S%c.
General Merchandise. j
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7%c; Wool, I
Bags, 20@28c; Fruit Bags, 5%C, 5%c and 6c for'
the three grades of white and 7©7% c for
bleached jute.
BALE ROPE— Manila. 14c; Sisal and |
Manila Mixed, 13c; Duplex Sizes, 12-.
Wellington, is per ton; New Wei
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Se- j
attle. $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Scotch, $S; Cumberland, $9 50 In bulk an.i !
$10 75 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, ;
$12: Cannel, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and;
Castle Gate, $9 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and ,
Sl4 in sacks.
CANNED 'VEGETABLES— Peas, $I®l 50; As
paragus, ; Tomatoes. 76980 c.
CANNED FRUITS— The canners report a 1
good steady demand at full quotations. Cher- j
ries, $2 15©2 30 for black and $2 1552 30 for
white; Peaches. $1305165; Pears, $1 50Q1 SO;
Apricots, $1 20@1 70: Plums, 95cS$l 25.
COFFEE— The market is dull at the new 1
quotations. Costa Rlea — 13%516c for prime I
washed; 11@12%c for good washed; 11%@15c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 9%511c for
good to prime peaberry; 9®l2c for good to
prime. Sig^'^c; nominal for good current mixed !
with black beans; S5S%c for fair; 557% c for
common to ordinary. Salvador— 9sH%c for good j
to prime washed; 7%5%c for fair washed; 9%(g) !
ll%c for good, to prime washed peaberry; 7%5> i
S%c for good to prime semi-washed; 7%@ I
S%c for superior unwashed; 7%c for good green
unwashed; B%ff?9%c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry; 5&6% c for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua 14®16%C for prime to fancy washed;
B@llc for fair to good washed.; 7%@7%c nominal
for good to superior unwashed; 8%@9%c nominal
for good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guate- :
mala and Mexican— l2sls%c for prime to fancy
washed; 9@Uc for good to strictly go. washed;
S5S%c for fair washed: 7@7%c for medium; Y-'i
6%c for Inferior to ordinary; 10@ll%c for good !
to prime washed peaberry; S\''i O'-.c for good i
to prime unwashed peaberry; 7%''gS%c for good j
to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Activity and firmness still char- |
acterize Ihis market. Sole, heavy, 25525 c per j
lb: Sole Leather, medium. 25® 26c; Sole Leather,
light, 25526 c; Rough Leather, heavy, 25526 c;
Rough Leather, light. 23526 c; Harness Leather,
heavy, 32@33c; Harness Leather, medium, 305)
32c; Harness Leather, light. 29530 c: Collar
Leather, 15516 c per foot: Kip, finished, 40<ff45c 1
per lb: Veal, finished. 60@55c: Calf, finished, j
75c55l 20; Sides, finished. 16517 c per foot; Belt I
Knife Splits, 16c; rough Splits, sfiiOc per lb. ;
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 75c"; ]
pure. $1 10; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled, 53c; j
raw, 51c: cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra win- I
ter strained, barrels, 47c: No. 1, 42% c; cases, j
5c more; China Nut. 47tfi5Sc per gallon;' pure 1
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, Ore: cases, 65c; Sperm, j
pure, 60c; Whale Oil, natural white, 32% c; Pa- |
clfic Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors, $1 2551 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $25) ;
2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE. ETC.— Water- .
white Coal Oil. in bulk, 13c; Pearl Oil, in '
cases, 19c; Astral. 19c: Star, 19c; Extra Star
Oil, 23c; Elaine, 24c; Eocene, 21c; Deodorized
Gasoline, in bulk. 16c; do. cases, 22c; Benzine, i
in bulk, 15% c; do, cases, 21% c: 86 degree Gaso
line, In bulk. 21c; do, cases. 27c per gallon.
CANDLES— Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz I
9%c; 6s, 14 oz. S%c; 6s, 12 oz, 7 1 2 c; 6s, 10 oz,
6%c. Granite Mining Candles— 6s, 16 oz, 40s,
10c; Ts. 16 oz, 20s, 10% c; 6s. 14 oz, 40s, 9c; 6s, 14
02, 20s, 9%c; 6b, 12 oz, B%c; 6s, 10 oz. 7 1 4 c. i
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s and 6s, white,
lie; ls, 2s, 4s and 6s, colored, 12c; 12s, white,
ll%c; 12s. colored, 12% c.
WHITE LEAD— at 6%<??7%c; Red, '
Lead and Litharge, 6%57%c per lb.
TURPENTINE- -In cases. 73c; in iron barrels, '
6Sc: in wooden barrels, 70c.
LUCOL— barrels, 4Sc; raw, barrels, I
46c; cases. 6c more. I
QUICKSILVER— per flask for local use
and $41 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com- 1
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags: :
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Granu- |
lated, 4%c; Confectioners' A, 4%c; California i
A, — ; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C. 4%c; Golden I
C, 4%c: barrels, l-16c more: half barrels, Co !
more; boxes, %c more; 50-tb bags, %c more, t
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its !
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes, !
5%c per lb.
Lumber.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes, $16517: extra sizes, high- i
er: Redwood, $17®1S for No. 1 and $16916 for j
No. 2; Lath. 4 feet, $2 2052 30; Pickets, $1S; |
Shingles, $1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy-
Shakes, $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rus
tic, $21527.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10.
Flour, qr sks 7,346 'Sugar, sks 1160 i
Wheat, ctls 195|Sugar. bbls 5,200
Barley, ctls 1,730 1 Raisins, bxs 250
Oats, ctls 220 ! Chicory, bbls .... 16
Rye. ctls 220 1 Leather, lis 118 I
Butter, ctls Wine, gals 39,500
Cheese, ctls 22 Hides No 372 ,
Tallow, ctls 236 Pelts, bdls 195
Beans, sks 6,835 Wool, bags 417 '
Potatoes, sks 4, 150 1 Straw, tons 39
Onions, sks 760; Hay, tons 34S
Bran, ski 57" Eggs, doz 6,630 j
Middlings, sks .. 560!
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 5,492 B^n. sks 3,781
Wheat, ctls 630 Flaxseed, sks .... 455 I
my
•— — . • i
THE STOCK MARKET.
*— 1 T — _%
Giant Powder was the active stock on the
morning session of the bond exchange, sell
ing at $79 S7%fiSo 62V.. The other securities
showed no changes worthy of note.
Giant Powder continued active and strong
In the afternoon, selling up to $S2, the other
stocks standing about the same.
■ Mining stocks were easy and quiet, and the
best r prices were below those of the preceding
day. The telegram from the pump said: "No
-2 elevator has been running continuously. At
6:30 this morning the water was .3 feet below
the 1950-foot level station.' „._,__
The Consolidated. St. Gothard Gold Mining
Company of Nevada County has lei led an as
sessment of 10 cents per share, delinquent No-
Ve The pa'ciflc Surety Company has d^ 1 "! l ( J
a quarterly dividend at the rate of 'J per cent
per annum on the capital stock, which Is i now
$250,000 instead of $100,000, payable imme
diately. _ . „„ A „
The Little Tiger Mining Company has de
clared the regular monthly dividend oil per
cent and % per cent extra, payable October 16.
The Parrot Copper Mining Company of Mon
tana will pay a dividend of $1 60 per share on
the 12th, amounting to $245,000. A .similar
dividend was paid last May. and Previous Q t „
that 90 cents per share, making $3 90 for -»».>.
or a total of $897,000 since January 1.
The Empire Mining Company of Grass \ al
ley has just declared a dividend of $1 per
share, amounting to $50,000.
The Consolidated California and \ irginla as
sessment of 25 cents per share will be de
linquent in the company's office to-day..
The Belcher Mining Company reports a bal
ance of $2025 in its treasury on October 1.
with an indebtedness at the bank of $3000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, October 10—2 p. m.
Bid Ask. I Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— I Mutual El Co. Io —
Is quar coup.. — — OGL &II 49 —
is quar reg.... — — (Pac Gas Imp.. — 66
Is quar new... — 131% Pac L C 0..... 41 —
.3 quar coup..lOS% — \S F G & E.... 64% 64%
Miscellaneous— San Fran — 3%
Cal-st Cab 55. .116% — j Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 65. .108 109 Insurance—
Ed L & P 65. 130 — Firem's Fund. 22a —
F&CI Ry 6s. 114 — ] Bank Stocks—
Ceary-st R ss. — 95 Anglo-Cal .... 64 67
II C& S 5%5.106 — Bank of Ca1..35l 400
LAP 55. ...105% - Cal S D & T.. 97 95%
LAL Co 65.. 99 — First Nation!.. — 240
Do gntd 6sN 99 — Lon P & A.... 128% —
Do gntd 55.. — — Mer Exchange — 16
LAft P R 68.103 — Nev Nat 8k...153%190
Market-st 65..125%129 Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 55. 115% — Ger Sft P.-- — "60
NCN G R 7s. 112 — Hum S & L..1050 1160
N' Rof Cal 66.114 — Mut Say Bk. — 42%
N R of Cal 05. 113 — .5 F Say U... 500 —
NPC R R 68.105 108 Bay ft L So.. — $2%
NPC R R 55. 106% — IBec Say Bk.. — 310
N Cal R R ss. 11l — '.Union T C 0.1400 1440
0 G L & H '-.l 18% — I Street Railroads—
Oak Tran 65. 11 l 111% California ...-120 —
Om C Ry Rs.. — — Geary 50 —
PftCl Ry 6*.. 106% — Market-st 62% 63%
Pk &O Ry 66.115 — Oak SL& H. — 60
I'owell-st R65.117%122 Presidio 25 30
Sac EIG&RSs. — — ! Powder—
B F ft N I' 55. 114 114% California ....150 160
SF & S JV05.114% — E Dynamite... So —
SRy of Cal 65.108% — Giant Con Co. 81% 81%
S P of A 65....— 113% Vlgorit 2% 2%
SP C 65 905). — — I Sugar—
SP ,< (1906). — — Hana PCo 14 —
S P C 68(1912). Haw C & S Co 96% —
RI'CIs eg 58.102% — lbnokaa S Co 34% 35%
RPBr 6s — 123 Hutch S P Co. 30% —
S V Wat 65.. .114 114% Kiiauea S Co. I — 29
B V Wat 4-... — 104% Makawell S Co 4R% —
BY W 45(3dm)101%102 Onomea S Co. 38 40
gtktn Gas 65.. — 110 Paauhau S Co. 36% 36%
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
Costra Costa.. 65% 65% _ Pac Assn..Hß 120
Marin County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley.lol — Oceanic S Co.. — 88
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cent Gas Co.. — — Pac C Bor C 0.146 —
Cent L ft P.. 5 — I Par Paint Co. 8% —
Equit G L Co. 5% 5%
Morning Session.
Board —
15 Contra Costa Water... 68 37%
60 Contra Costa Water 88 25
5 Giant Powder Con '9 Si%
60 Giant Powder Con SO on
60 Giant Powder Con SO:;.
60 Giant Powder Con, b. 30 fO 50
50 Giant Powder Con SO 3.%
150 Giant Powder Con SO 50
50 Giant Powder Con so "2%
50 Hutchinson S P Co 30 25
250 Makawell Sugar Co *S ...
50 Paauhau S P Co 36 *5
46 S F Gas and Electric Co 64 62%
Street—
40 Hana Plantation Co 14 25
$3000 Los Angeles Pacific Railroad 103 oO
Afternoon Session.
Board-
SO Contra Costa Water 68 25
75 Giant Powder Con SI 00
75 Giant Powder Con SI oO ,
5 Giant Powder Con...'. SI 62%
10 Giant Powder Con SI 75
5 Giant Powder Con. b. 30 S2 On
215 Hana Plantation Co 14 12%
300 Hana Plantation Co 14 00
25 Honokaa Sugar Co 34 7o
125 Makawell Sugar Co 4S 7o
66 Paauhau S P Co 30 3i%
45 S F Gas and Electric Co t>4 62%
$1000 - F and S J V 115 00
$1000 S F and S .1 V 115 25
$12,000 S F and N 1' Railway 114 2.>
5 Spring Valley Water 101 25
$1000 Spring Valley 65.. 114 00
Street—
100 Honokaa Sugar Co 34 75
•■ Hutchinson s i' Co 30 26
100 Yigorit Powder - 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board
40 Contra Costa Water OS 37%
65 Giant Powder "0 ?5
- Giant Powder 79 62%
25 Hana Plantation Co 14'"
60 Mutual Electric Co 15 12%
40 - F Gas and Electric Co 64 62%
20 S F Gas and Electric Co 64 75
100 Vlgorit Powder 2 62%
Afternoon Session.
Board —
' 30 Contra Costa Water.... 88 12%
20 Giant Powder SI 00
10 Giant Powder 80 87%
26 Giant Powder 80 75
50 Hana Plantation Co 14 12%
20 Oakland Gas 49 00
25 Market-street Railway 64 75
20 S F Gas and Electric Co 64 50
20 Spring Valley Water 100 00
25 Onomea Sugar Co 3S 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in tti- San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 12 1 600 Potosi Eg
300 Best ft Belcher 38, 100 Savage 23
400 Hale ft Norcrs 371 100 Sierra Nevada. 68
600 Crown Point.... 16] 300 Syndicate -. 00
100 Ophir .; 35 300 Union Con 39
100 Potosi 591 400 Utah 12
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta 05! 600 Ophir 91
100 Andes 11! 100 Pot. si 56
700 Best ft Belcher 36, 200 Savage 2.1
100 Challenge 30 100 Scorpion 02
600 Chollar 39 200 Sierra Nevada. 67
300 Con Cal ft Va.l 65 700 Union Con 37
200 Hale ft Norcrs 35 100 Utah 12
100 Justice OS I 100 Yellow Jacket.. 27
800 Mexican 311 -
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday.
Morning Session.
50 Caledonia 70 300 Mexican 32
50 Caledonia 65] 300 Ophir 94
300 Con Cal ft V.l 67% 200 Ophir 92
200 Crown Point... 10 1 200 Ophir _. 93
200 Gould & Curry 39 400 Sierra Nevada. 6S
300 Gould & Curry 37 1 300 Sierra Nevada. 67
200 Hale & Norcrs 37] 700 Utah 12
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 22 400 Savage 26
200 Con Cal ft V.l 67% | 300 Sierra Nevada 6<
200 Con Cal & Va..l 65: 300 Union Con ... 38
400 Gould ft Curry 37 600 Utah 121
--200 Ophir 91 200 Yellow Jacket. 27
700 Potosi 56 200 Yellow Jacket. 26
700 Potosi 57 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. „.
TUESDAY, Oct." 10— p. m
B 4T. AS n^T  Bld.Ask.
Alpha 03 80 Justice 07 09
Alta 04 06,Kentuck 03 03
Andes H 12 Lady Wash ... 01 02
Belcher 22 23 Mexican 30 31
Best ft Belchr. 36 37 Occidental 20 23
Bullion 04 06 Ophir 91 q 2
Caledonia OS 69 1 Overman is 20
Chollar 39 40 Potosi 57 58
Challenge 29 31 Savage 25 26
Confidence 73 — Scorpion 02 —
Ton Cal & Va..l 65 170 Peg Belcher 04 03
Con Imperial... — 01 [Sierra Nevada.. 67 6S
Crown Point 15 16 Silver Hill 02 03
Con New York — 03 Standard _" 3Qg
IT Sierra Nev.. 02 —Syndicate 06 —
Eureka Con .. — 50 St Louis 07
exchequer —-. — 02 Union Con ... 37 is
?ould ft Curry.. 36 38 Utah n 13
Hale & Norcrss 36 37, Ye110w Jacket 26 28
lulla — 03 1 '
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ S NT Me
chants' Exchange, San Francisco" Cal
October 10, 1899. *«-nc.sco, _ai..
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noonTo-day
rfSiSl'S noon o. the . 120 th meridian or at 8
o clock p. m., Greenwich time.
Lieutenant Commander. l\" in^-e
'> " — ■ »
Sim, Moon and Tide.
c- — - — -
l ni TiL, &ta in S , Coast , and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Franc r r,eo at ,. F " rt " int ' entrance to San
Siorifv of th ay i Polished *>' official au-
v t f h "£."> of the Superintendent.
xsoTE-The high and low waters occur at
Continued on Page 13.FUNSTON AND HIS KANSANS ARRIVE
ON TRANSPORT TARTAR.
Continued from Fifth Page.
Private Albert E. A_t, March 25. 1599.
Private Samuel F. Barton, March 25,
1599.
Private Ernest Crews March 29, 1599.
Corporal Benjamin Oliver, May 4. LS99.
Private Arthur K. Moore. May 4, 1899.
Total— 7.
COMPANY L
Private John M. Wlbber, February 23,
ISB9.
Corporal William H. Rumbly, March 11,
1599.
Private Joseph Scott, April 28, 1899.
Private Lyle E. Knox, April 26, 1*99.
Private E. L. Whittiker, April 27, 1899.
Private L. A. Terry, April _. 1599.
Private Christopher Clapp. May 4, 1899.
Total— 7.
COMPANY K.
Private Bert Sanson. February 10, 1899.
Private John O. Morse, February 10,
IsW.
Private Oscar Mallicoat, February 23,
1599.
Sergeant Joseph Dewald, March 29, 1899.
Private George B. Dailey, March 29,
ISV9.
Private George Meyer. March 25. 1*99.
Sergeant Arthur C. Snow, April -■ 1599.
Private A W. Hubbard, April 24. 1599.
Private Edward E. Harris, April 26. 1599.
Corporal E. R. Klncald. April 27, 1599.
Sergeant Joseph Dewald twice), April
25. 1599.
Private Oscar Nesblth, April 27, 1899.
Total— l 2.
COMPANY L.
Captain George N. Watson, Guiguinto,
March 2-». 1*93.
First Lieutenant William A. Callahan,
February 22. 1599.
Private William Woten, February 22,
1539.
Private Merton Henricker, March 24,
1599.
Private Leslie Sitzer, March 27. 1399.
Private Walter M. Yatt, March 29. 1?99.
Private Harry K. -Culms. March 29. 1599.
Sergeant James W. Murran, March 29,
1599.
Private Michael H. Jarrity. March 29.
IS&9.
Private Ernest Ryan, May 24. 1599.
Sergeant Charles W. Toz-.-r, May 24,
XS99.
Total— lo.
COMPANY M.
Captain William Bishop, near Calumpit.
April 27, 1599.
Private Carl Bennett. February 10. 1599.
Private Edward P. Lanners. March 24-26,
1*99.
Private Louis T. Skillman, March 24-26,
Private Nicholas Geirin, March 24-26,
1599.
Sereeant Lavigne Bregg, March 24-26,
1599.
Private James W. Grahner, April 26,
1599.
Private Henry Morrison, April 27. 1599.
Corporal Albert Dooley. May 24. 1599.
Private William Erkworth. June 16, 1*99.
Total— lo.
COMPANY NOT GIVEN €S RETURNS.
Private Charles Hammond, February 7,
l.Sf9.
Private Daniel Conway, February 7,
189.1.
Private William Nelson. February 7,
ISS&.
Private George A. Battersly, February
7. 1S».
Private Charles A. Kelson, February 7,
ISSS.
Private Daniel J. Han, February 7,
ISS9.
Private Raymond Clark, February 7,
1899.
Sergeant Jay Sheldon. February 7, 1*99.
Private William A. McGraw, February
7. ISS£.
Private Ernest Fritz, February 7, 1599.
Private Edward Zeibel. February 7. 1599.
Private Campbell Scott, February 24,
1889.
Private Albert Shaughnessv, March 29,
IS 99.
Total. 14.
Grand total wounded. 119.
SUMMARY.
From Killed. Wounded.
Line ar.d staff 0 3
Band 1 4
Company A..Trpeka 5 5
Company B.. Kansas City.. S 11
Company C... Leavenworth. 0 §
Company D. .Pittsburg 4 7
Company E.. Burlington ... S
Company F..Fort Scott 8 11
Company G.. lndependence. 6 2
Company H.. Lawrence — 3 7
Company LT.Paola and lola 6 7
Company IC. Ottawa ... 3 11
Company L. .Abilene . 7 10
Company M..Sallna 4 10
Company not given 0 14
Totals (3 119
Total dead and wounded , IS4
=*RTTVr;?; VFTr-RAN?
Many Discharged Caiifornian
Soldiers Reach Their Native
Shore.
The following is a list of the discharged
soldiers who arrived on the Newport yes
terday. Two-thirds of these returned
soldiers are Californians:
Colonel J. W. Powell. Seventeenth Infantry:
Captain J. B. Hardy, commissary sergeant:
Cartain H. C. Cabell. Third Infantry; George
S. Pitcher, A. A. S. : First Lieutenant F. H.
Bailey. Eighteenth Signal Corps ; F. W. Aust.
F. W. Bryant, United States Subsistence
I apartment ; C. B. Clark, United States
Subsistence Department; H. A. Wahl.
hospital steward; privates of hospital
corps— W. W. Wetnachmidt, John A.
Durst M. F. Flggctt. H. E. Carr, E
Kerrple; P. Mitchell, sergeant Company F.
Seventeenth Infantry; O. Olsen. Company H,
Third Infantry: R. C. Anderson. Company A,
Fourth Infantry: C. Sayman. Company X
Fourth Infantry: J. Fabrlssak, Company J,
Fourth Infantry; A. S. Wella, Company F,
Ninth Infantry; J. D. McKean, Company I,
Ninth Infantry: G. Enchesen, Company B,
Twelfth Infantry; C. E. Preston, Company A.
Twelfth Infantry: A. S. Webster, Company L.
Twelfth Infantry; W. H. Leeper. Company I.
Twelfth Infantry; E. O. Rosser, Company M.
Sixteenth Infantry: G. Huber. Company F,
Seventeenth Infantry; C. Kirk. Company X,
Seventeenth- Infantry; P. McCrea. Company D,
Seventeenth Ir.'antry: C. O. Taylor, Company
D Seventeenth Infantry: E. M. Edwards.
Company I. Fourteenth Infantry; T. A. Glen
nlng. Company B. Twenty-first Infantry;
Thomas Smith. Company M. Twenty-first In
fantry: H. Huff, Company H, Twenty-second
Infantry; H. C. Brannan, hospital corps; T. J.
Hayensann, Company L, Fourth Cavalry; T.
T. Baxter. Company H, Twelfth Infantry; Q.
H. Wing-, Company F, Fourteenth Infantry;
J. Klr.sella. Company F, Fourteenth Infantry.
9. W. Brown, Company C. Fourth Cavalry:
A. W. Lister. Company E. Fourth Cavalry; H.
Howe. Company E. Fourth Cavalry; James
Thorsen. Company E. Fourth Cavalry; G. B.
Parks, Company E, Fourth Cavalry; J. A. Mc-
Donald. Company G. Fourth Cavalry; G. J.
Glanzer. Company G, Fourth Cavalry: H. C.
Teasdale, Fourth Cavalry; J. V. Patterson. W.
S. Rose. P. J. Farley, Troop I. Fourth Cavalry;
F. P.iedel. Troop '-: Fourth Cavalry: J. J.
Fredericks. R. H. Quinn, W. J. Compton, F.
H. Fltnaroff. L. W. Manay. T. E. Rice, G. E.
Doud. L. W, Smith, G. E. Johnson. C. J.
Sempsen. E. J. FenillnK. S. leltaen, L.
Hinds. H. S. Lennox. A. A. Hall. F. W.
Knleff. J. A. - ..in. J. Saver, W. R. Mc-
Bweeney, W. S. McMannon. C. R. Haggin, C.
R. Hassock. Troop L, Fourth Cavalry; H. H.
Rowe, Sixth Artillery; D. S. Leweliyn, Battery
F. Sixth Artillery: J. Balln. Battery G, Sixth
Artillery; Privates C. E. Richardson. P. C.
Benni.idr.er. H. S. Heltman, G. Martin. W. S.
Dupllssr-a. W. E. Bowman. A. M. Lintner, E.
Mlnnehan, E. Ward. William Kelly, M Bush,
A. Vollner, S. C. Brown, H. R. Fooker. E. R.
Tarr, B. W. Ward. G. H. Cartlanco. Th -mas
B._ter. H. Neddeth, S. P. Starr. F. W. B>,wen,
0. Hoeffllnsr. C. W. Waite. C. R. Jones. E. H.
Quinn, E. M. Dates, H. Stad»r, B. M. Palmer.
R. S. Mitchell. G. H. Barton, F. R. Gannan.
S. C. Selhert. J. M. Bley, H. Kampmeler, F.
H. Norman. O. Hollingsworth. J. M. McCoy.
William ■kman. Fred Lelland, W. E. Dol
lies. H. F. Llebes. B. Dorton, William Kelle
her. C. A. Monlsy. J. K. M. Qulrnby, 1..
Laushlin. A. P. Kelly. F. J. "- • berg. V. S.
Glage. H. H. Dobley. P. T. Moe, M. S. Diane.
T. Adolph. O. .». McKay, R. ■ nun. M. J.
Crowley, C. P. Williams, G. N. Cody, John
Morten, Battery X, Third Artillery.
Privates W. S. Purdue. S. J. Lundhlad, C.
R. Kosencrans. H. O. Morgan, H. Van Nor
man. J. R. Thomas. R. L. Richy, A. B. Llnd
errrron, C. K. Mayer. A. Hurly, O. Wood, O.
Shade. H. B. Lau^hran. S. D. _■_, E. H.
Rlchards, S. Cooper George Neath, S. F.
Lynch. C. Landlin. H. Weeks. C. J. Brown,
J. B. Hooker, W. F. Stemmeyer, '■'. Crown, S.
Halliday. P. O. Graves, J. A. M hell, B. P.
Kooser, E. H. Butt J. L. Paterman. a. m.
Compert, J. E. Hicks, J. Hopkins, G. Grant,
G. Watson, A. J. Calbert, H. I.rakemayer,
Battery G, Third Artillery; W. F. ciyatt, A
R. Schaoke, R. Finley, M Muellln, P. Shears,
J. H. Ftrk, J. Ebell, C. Ambrose. J. F. Boes.
H. G. Yokey. W. D. Wilson. J. Phillips. R.
Attwood, W. C. Bunker, F. t'rhau. Battery
H. Third Artillery; G. A. Fenn, Company C.
Third Infantry; A. Ameberg, Company D.
Third Infantry; G. W. Trice, Company B.
Fourth Infantry; 6. J. Kane, Company C; C.
H. Pratt. Company E: J. A. Wilson, Company
L, Fourth Infantry; G. A. Lane. Company A;
L P. Kincella, Company C; G. H. Sherman,
Company C; J. F. :kney, Company C; M.
1. Ehrmeln, Company F; E. Dells. Company D.
Ninth Infantry; R. August. W. Lecheman,
Company E. Twelfth Infantry: F. O. Burger,
F. Garin. G. A. Gains. G. H. Phillips, A. T.
Ware. Company F; G. H. Brinney, D. S.
Cause. D. H. Edwards, Company G. ; George
Ca_-iL Company X, Twelfth Infantry; F.
Nodelman, Company D; F. H. Kerr. Company
H; J. F. Phelan, Company H: Fred Rausch,
Company X, Thirteenth Infantry; J. Can:!'., M.
M. Cod. C Simpson. K. McCune. J. E. New
berry. J. M. Hensley. J. C. Feegell, J. Miner,
William Mandsby. J. D. Lynch. J. H. Saneby.
C. I* Lambert. W. J. Bathwell. R. G. Pick. C.
Failey, J. Keanes. R. S. Ford. F. C. Duffner,
A Foltz, C. C. Panares, F. M. Huntington. E.
Sands. J. V. Silten. A. Kenna. J. E. Means.
J. Slegel. H. McCormlck, "W. S. Seymour. C.
Bowker, A. B. Wright William Parker.
Charles Miller. C. Gornley. E. J. Wanger. A.
H. Brown, Company C, Fourteenth Infantry.
John Crocks-, J. C. McClune. J. H. Cannon,
E. R. Mllchrlst. Company P. Fourteenth In
fantry; G. Below. E. R. Moray. H. Farrell. J
S. Knapp. J. Crocker. F. M. Auhle. W. E. For
rey. R. E. Dunham. William Buries. C. E.
Rogers, C. P. Fichler, Company E. Fourteenth
Infantry: A. A. Petersen. James Shranck, R.
Fallenstein. W. Mayo, C. Hultgreen, P. Ger
■ey, P. O. Kelfe. W. P. H. Ran* me. W. Eddy,
V.". Bayer. R. E. Cook. F. Kerr. W. Hildebrand,
R. .7. Rom. F. C. Sturtevant, G. J. Wright. R.
W. Spellmr.n. C. A. Goskar. C. Beck, J. Flynn,
A. B. Creps, Company F. Fourteenth infantry
F. 3 Henralty. H. C. Faxell. C. E. Feitre. M.
T. Keeps J. F. McLaughlin. W. G. Wilson, G.
A. Cahill. F. Martin. S. Frenna. J. R. Kanay.
G. Breck. C. F. Hol'is. R. C. New-comb. J. Gal
lagher. P. B. Pratt. A. James. A. Lansing, F.
J. Mackey. P. B. Fltzpatrick. Charles Fair,
Company G. Seventeenth Infantry; R. Camp
bell, Company E, Fourteenth Infantry; James
Robertson. C. Hollaner. R. C. Murray, H. H.
Morehad. F. H. Ballard. L. M. Edwards. W.
D. Hyde. J. J. Greaves. Company I, Fourteenth
Infantry: F. Farquar, E. E. Pearson. C. H.
Goetz, Company K. Fourteenth Infantry; C. L.
Clem. Company G. Fourteenth Infantry.
Privates— R. Ryan, G. Borne, O. Martin. I.
Bu.terworth. J. Burns. L. Palvnskl.T. Patter
son. IL Baker. J. C. Poor. W. J. Sharf, H. C.
Emery. J. E. Haltzman, E. Robinson. H I.
Ohlrick. R. S. Reiser. E. Strait. A. M. Downs
M. Adame. E. V. Ingstreet. E. Stevens, c, H
Sullivan, G. J. Burke, E. J Hatch
A. M. Brett, W. K. Alexander, J. h'
Smith. J. Blggerstaff. J. Sullivan
O. T. Slimmer. J. A Bowman, F. Weldenght
Company L, Fourteen! Infantry: D. Lamar'
F. A. Bull. F. Fornl. James Kelly. F J
O'Neill. B. Ptatz. J. Boeckelmann, 6. Giles
Company M, Fourteenth Infantry; F. Perry"
Company A. Seventeenth Infantry: J. B E*h
elman. Company B; C. Rabstock. Company B
Seventeenth Infantry: E. Stelzner. Company D-
S. Gray. Company E: J. J. dbols A. Weir'
Company O; B. D. Crews. A. H. Simmons g'
W. Dot-tell, Company H: W. Palmer. Com
pany M: James Stewart, Company P.. Twen
tieth Infantry: W. Thomson, Company D- B
Davis. C Rickey. L. Shock. J. A. Ve'tt, Com
pany E: H. Snyder, Company C; Charles Rob
inson, Company G; S. Rice. Company H.
Twenty-first Infantry: A. Heihar. R. H.
Slasen. J. Sehmitt. Company B: J. W. Lang
ston. A. B. Rlordan. Company F.
J. Counghan. Company X: W. R. Cooper. W.
Van Ottenfeld. Company P. J. A. Norris, Com
pany E: J. P. Osborne, Company I: G. L.
Handit. Company X; W. J. Fiannagan. W.
Masters. Company L; B. B. Mummsey. Com
pany M: J. M. Henry, Company H. Twentv
secocd Infantry; B. F. Hird. First California
Volunteers; T. H. Murray. R. H. Parker,
Trocp a. Nevada Cavalry: _. H. Gibson. S.
McDonald. Company G. Montana Volunteers;
S. .--h;er. Company K. Washington Volun
teers: Ira Payne. S. S. Kelly, Company H: M.
Ernest. F. Hageman. Company F. Twentieth
Kar«»: A Haskell. Company I: H. .7, Which*?.
Company I. First South Dakota Volunteers: G
W. Parker, Company D. Twentieth Kansas Vol
unteers: B. L. Schwetezer. Company _, Four
teenth Infantry: F. W. Laird. Company G.
Thirteenth mfantry: A. A. McKay. Battery k
Third Artillery; G. Mart Company M. Twen
tieth Infantry; A. Jackson, Hospital Corps.
NEWPORT DOCKS
Discharged Men Land and
Scatter Throughout the City.
The transport Newport docked yester
day afternoon at the Folsom street wharf
and the discharged soldiers, packed with
kit and traps, left the ship and scattered
about town.
■ When t.fe quarantine officers boarded
the vessel to begin their work of exam
ination about fifty of the discharge sol
diers refused to be examined.. They were
told that unless they submitted to the
regular inspect: they would be confined
to the ship. There was no further need
of argument The returned soldiers are
discharged men of the Fourteenth. Eight
eenth and Twenty-third Infantry, Third
Artillery and Fourth Cavalry.
* *
ESTABLISHED IN CAMP.
Triumphant March of the
Washington Men From the
Transport to Presidio.
The Washington men got safely Into
camp just before noon yesterday, and
despite :he cold wind that spread the
dust over everything, they made them
selves comfortable before night. A
breakfast at the ferry depot was the
first sign cf hospitality that awaited the
men from over the sea. As soon as the
transport docked the soldiers came
ashore and stacked arms on the wharf.
and then they were taken up to the ferry
depot, where the breakfast was waiting.
There was enough and some to spare,
even for hungry men from the ocean, and
while the men ate, the reeeution com
mittee, talked, and everything went
smoothly and merrily.
Governor Rogers of Washington had
not much to say. but what he said was to
the point. He said the breakfast was but
an earnest of what was to come when
they reached home. Colonel Wholly
responded on behalf of the regiment, and
then Levi Arkeny. a capitalist of Wash
ington, who was responsible In a great
measure for the breakfast, and who is
the man who will provide the special
train to take the men home, said just a
word or two to the men at table.
It was a good half hour before the men
were satisfied, and then they marched
back to the dock, unstacked their arms,
and turning in behind the escort from the
Third Artillery, which was waiting to
take them to the Presidio, they irfarted
campward. All along the streets the re
ception was as enthusiastic and as spon
taneous .is If there had never before been
a regiment of returning volunteers pass
ing up Market street. Governor Rogers
was well up toward the head of the
column, and he shared the applause that
greeted the men. When the regiment ar
rived a. the Presidio a delegation from
the Montana Regiment was on hand to
invite officers and men to join the Mon
tana men at dinner, an invitation that
was accepted with alacrity.
The Washingtoniar.s will be given the
usual liberty. It will take them the same
old three weeks to get out of the service,
but the rime will not be long, and under
the additional ration provided by the
Government it will but give the men time
to get into condition for the excitement
of the home reception. There has already
been reports of dissensions among the
officers of the regiment, and talk of ail
kinds of charges against Co'onel .Wholly
ls being heard. Whatever may be the at
titude of the officers, there is no doubt hut
that the commanding officer has the con
fidence of the men. To the allegations
of cowardice hinted at they say that
more than once he has proved himself a
braver man than those who are doing the
talking; and as to his competence, the
men refer to the record of the regiment
and. to the few if any mistakes it has
made. They say the talk ls „due to
jealousy among the officers, and the
charges are based upon the distortion
of little happenings during the campaign.
The volunteer signal corps was mus
tered out yesterday, each man receiving
nearly $200 from the paymaster.
A diagnosis of the suspected cases of
smallpox at the camp of the Thirty-first
Regiment on Angel Island has resulted
In a decision that one is smallpox and the
other is varioloid. They were both
patients under detention, however, so
they will delay the regiment no longer
than October 14. On that day the men
will be released from quarantine unless
other cases develop.
Hvram Spellman, a private of the
Idaho Regiment, left behind in the hos
pital suffering from consumption, died
yesterday.
Major Samuel D. Sturgls, assistant
adjutant general, has been assigned to
temporary duty at department head
quarters.
First Lieutenant John W. Barker,
Third Infantry, has been assigned to
temporary duty with the recruits at the
Presidio.
The following letter has been received
from the committee in charge of the work
of securing employment for discharged
volunteers from the First California
Regiment:
SAN* FRANCISCO, Oct 10. 1899.
Editor Call— Dear Sir: The employment com
mittee beg to make, through your valuable pa
per, a further appeal to the public to assist
them In the work of obtaining employment for
the returned California volunteers. While the
committee has met with a hearty response from
many firms, who have either reinstated former
employe* or have employed men uJ>on recom
.TMJ- SA-N" Fl-A-NCISCU CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1599.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
TO FORSAKE LAW
FOR THE CHURCH
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— W. Nat
Friend, the most caricatured
man in Alameda County, law
yer, politician, newspaper man,
and at one time candidate for secre
tary of the Code Commission, is to be
come a minister. Politics is not to
Mr. Friend's liking. About two years
aso he came prominently before the
public as an earnest advocate of Dr.
Pardee for Governor. In fact, he Is
credited with having written at least
one verse of that celebrated ode which
commenced:
"Hah! rah: rah: We'll shout for George
Pardee." ;; • v
and there are many who will make
affidavit that at Sacramento, when the
doctors was out of the running, Mr.
Friend was the one who rapidly adapt
ed the ode to fit Mr. Gage.
W. Nat Friend has been a 1 1 ii 1 1 1 i ii i^^^^^^^^^B^^^Mß
Christian circles for severalH
years, and an offlce^B
the State In thisH
After being admit-H
to law he offices :nl
He has now 10 l
upon the study the ministry.
for some> beenH
church.M
this enter the San An-H
selmo Theological Seminary to commence his studies. He is an orator ot no
mean ability, and eminently fitted for the pulpit.
imendation from this committee, there still re- .
i main a large number of young men who are '
! unemployed. The committee ask the hearty co- i
1 operation of all business men of San Francisco ,
' to enable them to place these remaining sol
i diers. THE EMPLOYMENT COMMITTEE, j
HOW THEY WON FAME.
Gallant Record of the Wash
ing Volunteers in the
Philippines.
The home-coming volunteers are all, as
they should be. alike dear and deserving
in the eyes of the people of San Fran
cisco: but if any distinctions could be
made, after her own brave soldier boys,
who have already had their "'welcome
home," first would very properly and
justly come the gallant fellows from the
State of Washington. They were the first
of the outside volunteers to enter our
gates and take their place in Uncle Sam's
service along side the California boys.
who preceded them but a few days. They
are the sons of our neighbor and sister
Pacific State, to whom many personal ties
of kinship and social and business con
nection bind us more closel^ and Inti
mately than most of the others. And
again, they were in more than name
brothers In arms of our First California
boys. They were brigaded with them,
and when the trial of battle came fought
and fell side by side with them.
All these things and others incident to
her contact with them make for the
Washington boys a place very near the
warm heart of San Francisco.
The advance of the Washingtons, under
Major Weissenberger, arrived in San
Francisco early in May and were followed
by the Second Battalion, under Lieutenant
•''olonel Fife, on the l"th. and the Third,
under Colonel Wholly and Major Cary.
on the 22d. They sailed from here in the
same order in October. On arriving at
Manila they were quartered on the south
side of the Pasig, ami later assigned with
the First California, the First Idaho and
the First Wyoming to General King's
brigade of Major General Anderson's divi
sion, which held the American line, from
the Pasig River near Pendacan down
along the Estero Concordia and the Trlpa
de Gaiiir.a. westward to Malate, on the
bay. King's brigade covered the eastern
portion of this line, winding from the river
along the streams mentioned to the vicin
ity of blockhouse 12, a little to the south
east of Pace. This threw them face to
face with General Mascarti- division of
the Filipino my, comprising some of the
best troops in their whole muster.
For some weeks preceding the Filipino
outbreak it had been expected, and whea
it came the Washington boys were eager
and ready for the fray. The insurgent
fire, which began about midnight of Feb
ruary 4 at Santa Mesa, just north of them
on the other side of the river, was opened
on King's brigade at 2:30 in the morning
of the ->th. and for several hours the fight
ing was made across the streams separ
ating the two lines. The Americans were
impatient at the comparative inaction and
wanted to go In and whip the enemy out
of hand, but for several hours, however,
they were restrained by their officers un
der orders from the commanding general.
When the word did come, at 8 o'clocK,
Lieutenant Erwin and nearly a score of
men of Company A. which lay near the
stream, had been wounded and two killed
outright; Company I and others had also
suffered more or less severely. At the
word, though covered with mud, wet to
the skin and stiff from the cramped posi
tions they had occupied so long, the
Washingtons sprang up. rushed down the
bank and through the stream, waist deep,
up on the other side and in ten minutes
had .eared the enemy's trenches and the
thickets and ricetields beyond, and sup
ported on either side by the California's,
and Idahos were rushing the enemy to
ward their fortifications before Santa
Ana There were no laggards or shirk
ers, but every man, like the gallant Otis
Of Company A, bore himself like a true
soldier. That officer, severely wounded in
the face as they crossed the stream, was
advised by General King to retire, but
responded: "It's only a scratch, sir; I
can't let my men go In without me." He
but spoke the spirit of the whole regi
ment. :y r - '■■-'■
Without a halt, the Washingtons,
flanked on the right by part of the First
California and on the left by the First
Idaho, kept right on toward Santa Ana.
To the left of the road the insurgents
had strong redouts and earthworks,
armed with Krupp guns. They fought
with obstinate courage and no little skid,
especially at the strong redout in front
of Pendacan. It was in the attack on
this place with the two companies of the
Washingtons that he had led across tho
Concordia breast deep that the gallant
Fortson, captain of Company B, received
his mortal wound. But valor and skill
availed the enemy but little against the
onsweep of the Americans, whose cheer
ing lines, sweeping over their works with
the bayonet, in just one hour after the
advance had been ordered captured San. a
Ana and Its arsenal with the guns, re
serve ammunition and supplies of the
Filipino army, none of which they had
time to destroy.
A short halt was made there, however,
leaving a few companies to round up the
prisoners and guard the town. The main
body kept right on after the enemy that,
reinforced from San Pedro Macati, made
another stand on the road to that place.
They were quickly routed, however, and
pursued through the town to Guadalupe,
four miles farther up the river, where
they made another stand behind the con
vent walls, only to be again dislodged and
carried in full flight to Pasig. on the lake,
where they took refuge behind strong in
trenchments. The whole affair had lasted
less than three hours, yet in that briei
time nine fine fellows of the Washington
regiment had fallen in death and fifty
six others were more or less severely
wounded. Company A suffered the most,
losing 2 killed and 16 wounded; E next,
with 4 killed and 5 wounded, and I, with
3 killed and 6 wounded.
The Washington regiment remained in
the vicinity of San Pedro Macati until the
end of the campaign, except when ordered
out for a time on special service. Though
they were not again called upon for such
heavy work as fell to their lot on the
first day, they were under an almost in
cessant fire from the enemy until the ad
vance on June 10 cleared them away south
beyond Imus. On several occasions the
enemy made strong attacks on their lines,
In which a greater or less number of men
fell— 7 on March ■>. 8 on March IS. 3 killed
and 11 wounded on March 25. of wh-jm
Company B lost *>. and 2 killed and 13
wounded on April 27. of whom Company
II lof i 12. The aggregate loss In dead was
44 and 100 wounded.
Their service had but little of the va
rlety in change of field and position of
eppuuents that fell to the lot of most of
the other regiments, but they endured
every hardship and performed every duty
with cheerfulness arid alacrity and won
for themselves frequent expression of ap
proval from the commanding general.
Yet with it all they are glad to fee*.
home.
CAMP SANITATION
Paper by Colonel Greenleaf
Surgeon, U. S. A., Before
the County Doctors.
Colonel Green! medical inspector
of all army camps, spoke on camp
sanitation before the County Medical So
ciety last evening.
The theme of Colonel Greenleaf's re
maps was the camps in this city and a
comparison of what they were before the
breaking out of the war and when the
volunteers were first on their way to the
Islands, and what they are now. He men
tioned the sick percentage of Camp \;,. .
rut—:- was from _' to 30 per cent— and
compared it with the percentage of sick
v l5 V. r *'l"' rteil fr °m the camps now at
the Presidio, which never goes over 5 ! ->
per cent. Both camps are equally ex
posed, he said; both camps have the same
climatic conditions and both are built on
the same soil, yet the difference between
the two from a sanitary standpoint is
enormous. .'.-:.
The high degree of sanitation main
tained at the present camps Colonel
Greenleaf attributed to the agency and
assistance of General Shafter. who from
the : -si has shown the utmost concern
for the health of the men.
.ne- nisi una guunu .ue uini-os. concern
for the- health of the men.
They have now two classes to deal with.
he •i.l— the men returning from the
Philippines and subject to all kinds of in
testinal troubles, and those coming in
from the East an.i from all over the
country, liable to all kinds of Infectious
diseases. Both of these classes are being
handled with great success.
Colonel Greenleaf then described the
camps and their construction and the va
rious sanitary arrangements that have
been introduced. He described the sani
tary corps, a body of civilians that is re
sponsible for the cleaning of the camps,
and said that the daily expense of main
taining it reaches $500.
Colonel Greenleaf also told of the pre
cautions to prevent the spread of small
pox among the troops and what measures
were resorted to when it appeared. His
paper was received with much apprecia
tion by the members of the society pres
ent.
■ i
LATEST LIST OF
SICK AND WOUNDED
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— General Otis
cables the following casualties: Wounded
near Cavite Viejo, Fifth Cavalry, October
8, First Lieutenant Charles W. Fenton.
ear. slight; Fourth Cavalry, Troop G,
Corporal John Martin, leg. moderate;
Thirteenth Infantry. Company B. Mar
shall D. Bibber, head, severe. George M.
Bly< I leg. severe; Fourteenth Infantry,
Company E, George D. Snepp, groin, mod
erate; Company F. John P. Flood, arm.
moderate: Company G, Corporal John D.
Myer. leg. slight; Frank Richard, knee,
moderate; George Milwer. forearm, mod
erate; Twenty-first Infantry, at Calam
ba, October 3 Company D, a'- i E. Oli
ver, chest, Blight; Company X, Sergeant
Peter Kelly, shoulder, moderate;
John Bratchey, ear, sli-tht; Company L.
Ollie B. Fields, thigh, slight: Sixth In
fantry, near Cebu Island, September 22,
Company A. James Conke, leg. moderate:
James H. Morton, arm, moderate; Com
pany C. George W. Arthur, leg. severe;
Nineteen! Infantry, Company EC, Ser
geant James Covey, chest, severe.
A VENTRILOQUIST WILL
WORRY CHIEF I. W. LEES
J. W. WINTON HAS NO LOVE FOR
ISAIAH.
Asserts That the Head of the Local
Police Department Put Words
in His Mouth.
Chief of Police Lees is likely to hear
voices in the night and imagine that some
of the unfortunates he has sent into
"durance vile" have come back to haunt
him if he continues to throw suspicion
on J. W. Winton, the clever ventriloquist,
who will shortly make his second bow to
a local audience from the Orpheum stage.
Winton threatens to stand outside the
bedroom window of the aged chief and
throw his' voice into his apartments if
he breaks a window in the attempt, for
he is seeking revenge.
The head of the police department
gathered the representatives of the three
morning papers around him on Monday
night and delivered a tittle speech about
some new clews he had discovered indi
cating the guilt of the men who robbed
the strongroom of the steamship Ala
meda Without obtaining, permission
from Mr. Winten he put enough words
in his mouth to have him arrested and
incarcerated for complicity in the now
famous robbery. At first Winton, ap
preciated this kind of notoriety as he
thought it would add to his fame as a
mimic and also throw romance around
him. Later, however, it dawned on him
that he was being placed in an unenviable
position by the aged chief, especially so
when one of the papers in bold headlines
stated that "one of the chief's suspects
is back."
To offset this insinuation Winton has
been moving around in his wide circle of
friends and is assuring them that he has
not banked an;. of the missing sovereigns
and that he does not know where they
are located. Despite these assertions his
friends are begging for their share and
Winton perforce has to appease them by
buying sundry liquids. As this is taking
a great deal of American money Winton
wants himself set right before the world.
He admits being a passenger on the
steamer and having been accosted by
Lewis, alias "Murphy," but ho swears he
only had a passing word with him. He
claims that Lewis, recognizing him as a
public man, approached him one day and
Jocularly said that if he < Winton) knew
what he did he would not be working his
"McGlntys," meaning the dummies the
ventriloquist uses in his performance.
Winton stated that he paid no more at
tention to the remark, thinking that it
was a Joke, and in fact did not inquire
what the speaker meant. Now that his
name is brought Into the affair he wishes
It positively stated that he only knows
Lewis by sight, he having been pointed
out to him as being a shady "gun," or
crook, of Australia.
Injured by a Cable Car.
Frederick G. Oechsle, a cabinet maker
residing at 3115 Sixteenth street, was
knocked down by car No. 10 of the Va
lencia street line yesterday afternoon on
the crossing of Valencia and Eighteenth
streets. Oechsle, who is a man about 60
years of age, was In the act of crossing
REASON LOST
FIGHTING FOR
HIS COUNTRY
Sad Case of James
Harvey, Soldier.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Oct. 10.
The case of James Harvey, the soldier
who for nearly five hours stood motion
less at the corner of Broadway and Fourth
street yesterday, his head thrown back, his
eyes dilated and his muscles contracted,
was examined for insanity to-day by Lu
nacy Commissioners Stratton and Tisdale,
and his case is one of the saddest of its
kind, his mental faculties having been de
stroyed presumably by the hardships en
countered as a soldier in the Philippines.
According to his discharge papers he
was a member of Company B. Twenty
third United States Infantry. He enlisted
May 16, 1 x t . was an engineer Dy occupa
tion and participated in the assault and
capture ot Manila August 13, 1898: also the
assault and capture of Malinta March 26,
1899; also th.- skirmishes near Marquina
February 6, 1899, in the Philippine insur
rection. His discharge reads that he was
an honest and faithful soldier, and that
there are no oltjec tions to his re-enlisting.
He was discharged August 14. 1899, and the
papers were done at Jolo, Philippine Isl
ands. The papers also recount that he
had drawn $191, pay in full.
Harvey's muscles relaxed last evening,
and for a time he seemed rational, but he
was unable to give any account of him
self. Hi was given a potion to bring on
sleep, but this morning exhibited indis
putable symptoms of insanity. '
I-, several hours he raved like a
maniac, shouting and swearing at imag
inary Filipinos and "the niggers." Then
again he became imbued with the halluci
nation that Aguinaldo had finally cap
tured him and that he was doomed to
sure death.
"Oh, God!" he shouted. "They are
sticking their knives and swords into me
now is I lie here, and I know I will never
get out of this." It became necessary to
strap him down, and then he seemed all
the worse and the perspiration poured
down his cheeks. Frequently he would
call to his mother, urging her to see to
brother and that he would care for him
self.
Judge Ogden could get no answers from
him. but the man seemed temporarily
calmed, and hence the court determined
to allow the matter of his commitment to
lay over until to-morrow. Harvey's
father lives in Baltimore, Md.
EPISCOPAL CONVOCATION
ALAMEDA, Oct. 10.— The Episcopal Con
vocation of San Francisco met at Christ
Church to-day. The opening took place
at 10 o'clock, with twenty clergymen In
the chancel in full robes. The holy com
munion was celebrated by the Right Rev.
William Ford Nichols, D. D., assisted by
the Very Rev. Edgar D. Lion, dean of the
convocation, and the Rev. Dr. T. J. Lacey,
rector of Christ Church. The sermon was
delivered by Dean Lion.
A business session was held at the par
ish house. Delegates were present from
nearly all the parishes around the bay.
Rev. M. D. Wilson presented his resigna
tion as secretary of the convocation, and
the same was accepted and Rev. W. C.
Shaw was elected to fill the vacancy.
Archdeacon Emery spoke of the mis
sionary work of the convocation. Rev. Mr.
O'Rorke told of the work of the Seaman's
Institute of San Francisco and J. C. As
tredo gave an address on the work being
carried on by the Good Samaritan Mission
in the metropolis. The Rev. Dr. MacKin
non, dean of the Episcopal Convocation
of the San Joaquin Valley, was presented
and seated upon the platform. An inter
mission was taken at 1:20 o'clock, when
luncheon was served in the parish guild
house by 'the ladies of Christ Church. The
convocation reassembled at 2:30 p. m..
Bishop Nichols presiding, the Woman's
Auxilliary taking part In the conference.
Miss Wade, Miss Bishop. Mrs. Lincoln
and Mrs. Lawyer spoke on "What the
Auxiliary Expects of the Clergy" and
"What the Clergy Expects of the Auxi
liary." The evening services were con
ducted by the Rev. Dr. T. J. Lacey rector
of the parish. The subject of the evening
was "Church Extension in California,"
John A. Wright. C. D. Haven and Rev.
William Carson Shaw taking part in the
dismission.
Recovered His Treasure.
OAKLAND. Oct. 10.— R. B. Banning has!
received his valise staining 139.000 worthl
of securities. Mr. Banning came to Oak-I
land from Honolulu some time ago. Hel
brought the securities to San Franciscol
and put the valise In his room at the Oc-I
cidental Hotel. By accident it was taken
aboard a Japan steamer, hut when the
purser discovered it he put it on the
wharf at Honolulu. It was returned to j
Mr. Banning this morning. j
the street when the car struck him on
the left side, fracturing his left arm above
the elbow joint. In falling his right hand
came in contact with the forward wheel.
which lacerated two of his fingers. The
accident was witnessed by Detective Fitz
gerald of the Mission division, who had
the injured man removed in the patrol
wagon to the City and County Hospital,
where his injuries were dressed by Dr.
Stephens. He was then conveyed to his
home.
YOUTHS' DIRECTORY FAIR.
Members of St. Ignatius Gentlemen's
Sodality Attend.
Last night the ladies of the hospital
booth had a night at home at the Youths'
Directory Fair, and the members of the
Gentlemen's Sodality connected with St.
Ignatius Church were present. They
marched down in a body from their
chapel on Hayes street under the leader
ship of Prefect James R. Kelly. A special
programme had been prepared by their
hostesses as follows:
Flute solo, M. Burris: vocal solo, Miss
Etta Udell; barytone solo. M. Mowland;
vocal selections, Miss A. Rooney; vocal
solo. W. A. Larsen.
The various booths were well patronized
during the evening, and the contests for
the two scholarships and the most popu
lar doctor are nightly gaining in Interest.
In the latter contest Dr. Hertzsteln led
last night by a large margin, out the
handsome clock is too valuable to be
overlooked by the friends of his brethren,
and he is not the victor as yet.
A poem composed by D. J. Costello, the
poet laureate of the festival, was placed
on sale with a handsome cut of the com
poser, and a large sum was netted.
This evening will be the night at home
of the League of the Cross booth, and the
following ladies will receive their friends:
, Miss Annie Curley. assisted by Mrs. E.
w" Swett, Miss Agnes Curley. Miss Mary
McCarthy, Misses Johanna and Nellie
Egan, Miss Annie M. Brown. Miss Annie
Fay Miss Adelaide Baum, Miss Maggie
Geri'tv. Miss Louise Geany, Miss Cath
erine "Mahoney. Miss Mary Kelleher, Miss
Nellie Scully, Miss Julia Murphy, Miss
Grace Harthell, Mrs Fay, Miss Mary
Kearny, Miss Agnes Hennebery, Miss
Beatrice Moore, Miss Katie Dorgan.
Rumored Railroad Sale.
The report is current that the Sutro
Railroad has been sold to Robert Morrow
of the Sutter street road for $165,000. The
road, "which has been on the .market for
«ome time past, was built by the late
\dolph Sutro, who entered Into an agree
ment with the Sutter street road where
by an exchange of transfers the public
would be enabled to get a 5-cent fare to
and from the Cliff House. Notwithstand
ing the report, Mr. Morrow denies that
there has been any sale consummated.
A Deadly Lever.
Martin Shaugnessy, a mlllhand, who was
injured In the Hooper mill on Fourth ,
street, near Channel, last Monday, died
yesterday at . St. Mary's Hospital. |
Shaugnessy was in the act of switching a
belt on a pulley when an Improvised lever
became tangled in the machinery and
was dashed to splinters. A piece of wood i
-truck the man, injuring him in the ab- !
domen, the wound finally causing his i
death. .-». ---;; J
SURVIVORS OF '49
TO HOLD A REUNION
OAKLAND, Oct. 10— Timothy L. Bar
ker will have completed fifty years
in California on Thursday next, and
he will celebrate the event with six
other argonauts who rounded the Horn
with him in 184*.
For months Mr. Barker has been look
ing forward to this event. And for weeks
the dinner and its glad reunion has been
quite the chief thought in his mind. An
Eastern trip, taken in company with his
family, was even shortened that he might
return on time to celebrate the anniver
sary.
The party of which Mr. Barker was a
member was formed of eighty men, all
residents of Cayuga County, New York.
They banded together in a joint stock
company, and on the 28th of February,
1849. sailed from New York on the Belve
dere, arriving in San Francisco October
12 of the same year.
So far as is known there are but ten
survivors of that company of eighty argo
nauts. Four ere now residents of Cayuga
County, in New York, the other six living
here in California with their wives.
These six. as given by Mr. Barker, are t^^^H^^^^^^^^^^^^^M
Hiram Graves Francisco, S.H
Lyon San Francisco. William M. Eddyß
Santa Barbara. Dr. W. A. Graves ot'B
Berkeley. Andrew J. Haight of Alameda and Mr. Barker hlmself!__^H
■■invitations were sent out by Mr. Barker to these five and their wives.
GODFREY'S EX-WIDOWS
ARE AGAIN AT WAR
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— Mrs. Mary A.
Neary has caused Mrs. Alice E. Hart to
be cited in court on the 16th Inst, to
render an account of her administration
on the estate of George Godfrey, de
ceased. The two women were at different
times the wives and widows of Godfrey,
and a bitter feeling has long existed be
tween them. Godfrey married . Mrs.
Neary when she was young and he was
past TO. She had a child and fell In love
with a man named Neary and ran off
with him. Then Godfrey got a divorce
an'! later married the women who is now
Mrs. Hart. For several years after God
frey's death the two women managed to
have their differences aired in court very
frequently, and It would seem that the
old feud is to be renewed with vigor.
WILL FOUND AFTER
TWO YEARS' SEARCH
I OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— The holographic I
will of S. G. Tucker, who died here in
March, 1897, was filed for probate to-day, \
and Harold J. Tomblin, at the request of
the widow. Luoinda C. Tucker, who re- i
i nounces her right to letters of administra- .
j tion, applies for letters. Under the terms :
of the will, dated August 4, 1534, the whole !
I estate, consisting of 331 acres of land in!
i Shasta County, is bequeathed to the '.
i widow, only a watch and chain being left
j to Henry R. Tucker, a son. residing at '
, Taunton, Mass. Two other sons. Walter
J and Alfred Tucker, whose residences are
unknown, and a daughter. Madeline Tuck
; er, residing with her mother in this city,
, are wholly ignored In the will.
DENIED A DIVORCE,
BUT WILL TRY AGAIN
I KLAND. Oct. George W. Graves
will be given another day in court In his
effort to secure a divorce from Josephine
G. Graves on the ground of desertion. He
was denied a decree yesterday by Judge
Ogden because the corroborating evi
dence was deemed insufficient. To-day his
attorney. Robert L. Mann, moved that the
case be reopened and re-referred to the
Court Commissioner for the purpose of
[submitting additional testimony in support
.of his charge of desertion. Graves ls a
; molorman on a local line.
Funeral of Fred A. Poor.
OAKLAND. Oct. 10.— The funeral of \
j Frederic Allen Poor, secretary of the
I State of Maine Society, who died sudden- j
ly last Saturday, took place this after- j
! noon from the parlors of the First Uni- j
I tarian Church in this city. Rev. A. J.
Wells of the Second Unitarian Church of
San Francisco conducting the services. i
Mrs. Carrie Brown-Dexter sang two I
r stanzas of "Nearer, My God, to Thee," and j
among the floral tributes an immense
bunch of white chrysanthemums sent by
the Connecticut Insurance Company was
especially noticeable. The interment was
private at Mountain View Cemetery and
the pallbearers wen George W. Reed
F. W. Hall. George Hobbs. A. D. Smith! i
J. Ghirardelll. C. H. Dinsmore and
Thomas L. Merrill.
PROTESTANT EPISCOPAL
CHURCH CONGRESS
Leading Churchmen From All Parts
of United States Take Part in
Proceedings.
ST. PAUL. Minn.. Oct. 10.— The eight
eenth congress of the Protestant Epis
copal church opened its sessions in this
city to-day, with a large attendance of
leading church men from all parts of the
United States. Holy communion was cele
brated In the morning at Christ Church,
Bishops Whipple and Gilbert of Minne
sota officiating. Following this service,
Bishop White of Michigan City, Ind., de
livered an address. In the afternoon the
delegates visited various points of interest
and at 4:30 o'clock were tendered a formal
reception at the Ryan Hotel.
This evening the regular services of the
congress began, the large auditorium of
the People's church being well tilled with
delegates and visitors. Bishop Whipple,
the venerable and famous Northwestern
missionary who was tendered such a not
able series of receptions in Great Britain
last year and who Is now" the senior
Bishop of .he American church, presided,
a position he will hold at all the sessions
during the week. Bishop Whipple briefly
welcomed the congregation to this city
and State. The topic for the hous was
"Does National Expansion Involve Im
perialism?"
Bishop Henry C. Potter of New York
opened the formal discussion In the af
firmative. He was followed by Rev. Dr.
Rufus W. Clarke of Detroit, who combat
ed the position taken by the famous New
York prelate. The discussion was contin
ued by Colonel Bradley Thompson of Ann
Arbor and others.
MAY HAVE BEEN BURNED.
Sam Simmons Missing Since the De
struction of His Home.
WATSONVILLE. Oct. 10.-A little be
! fore midnight last night fire was discov
ered in the residence of Sam Simmons, lo
cated in Quinns Addition, at the head of
Main street. The building is a total loss,
but ls insured for $500 in the Hanover of
New York.
It has oeen currently reported that Mr.
; Simmons was burned up in the building,
| but no trace of the remains has been
found in the ruins. However, the fact
, remains that Simmons has not been seen
'■■ since. The property had a mortgage of
' $400 or $500. and many suspicious circum
■ stances are connected with the case.
! Owing to the prompt work of the Fire
] Department and absence of wind, a great
: conflagration was prevented. ! :.;~
Mills Had Family Troubles.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 10.— testi
mony in the Mills contest to-day was in
one instance of an enlivening nature.
Robert Schofleld of Portland, Or., nephew
of the deceased capitalist, testified that
seven years ago, while on a visit to Mills
at Belmont, he accompanied him on a
drive to Half-moon Bay. Mills told him
he was having trouble at home, that his
folks were always interfering with his
private papers and business affairs. He
also said he and his wife had agreed that
the property of each was to be kept sep
arate and one was to have no claim upon
the other. Daniel T. Ames, a Writing ex
pert, of San Francisco, was called to
HIS MOTHER'S WORST
FEARS ARE REALIZED
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— The worst fears of
Mrs. Silva, residing at Alice and Seventh
streets, were realized to-day when the re
mains of her little seven-year-old son, Jo
seph, who had mysteriously disappeared
last Thursday, were recovered from the
estuary. The body was found floating
near the foot of Alice street by Frank
Ambrose and W. Wilson. It is supposed
that the child fell into the water while
playing with companions about the
wharves. The affair is doubly sad in view
of the fact that Mrs. Silva only a few
weeks ago lest her little daughter, Anna.
aged about 12 years, who died of lockjaw
by reason of a cut inflicted while paring
fruit at a local cannery.
AGED WOMAN GETS
A MARRIAGE LICENSE
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— Mrs. Carrie Siper
ley of Los Angeles called at the Alameda
County Clerk's oftrce this afternoon ami
obtained a marriage license to wed Am
brose J. Armstrong, also of Los Angeles.
She gave her age as GO years and her na
tivity New Hampshire, and that of her
prospective groom as <?, years and na
tivity New York.
Water Supply- Short.
BERKELEY. Oct. 10.— The Alameda
Water Company has sent notice to the
City Superintendent of Streets not to uso
any more water for sprinkling streets.
The supply in the company's reservoir is
not sufficient to last for the season if it*
use Is continued on the thoroughfares of
the city. Superintendent of Streets Guy
Hyde Chick refuses, however, to allow,
the sprinkling of the streets to be
stopped, and he has taken measures to
have the Contra Costa Company supply
the deficiency until the rainy season be
gins.
Athletic Club Incorporates.
OAKLAND. Oct. 10.— Articles of Incor
poration were filed to-day by the We-=t
Oakland Athletic Club, organized to pro
mote generally all manly and athletic
sports and encourage physical culture
and social intercourse. The directors arc:
George W. Bastian, Frank H. Simpson,
Charles L. Wines. Alfred F. Hufschmidt.
James T. Drew, George W. Simpson. Wil
liam J. Halloran, Silas A. Lunsden, Albert
P. Fick, William Duchr#.n and Ernest W.
Kuster.
Smyth-Brady Nuptials.
OAKLAND. Oct. 10.— The weddt'n* of
Miss Marguerite A. Brady and Dr. Walter
Smyth took place at St. Francis de -Sales
Church, on Grove street, at 8:30 o'clock
this morning. Rev. Father Thomas Mc-
Sweeney officiating. The ceremony was
witnessed by a large number of the cou
ple's friends. Miss Alice Brad was the
bridesmaid and John T. Smyth attended
his brother. After the ceremony a wed
ding breakfast was served at the home
of the bride, 1364 Grove street. The young
couple will reside in Oakland.
Shanklin-Harris Engagement.
OAKLAND. Oct. 10.— The engagement
Is announced of Mabel Harris, dau-rhter
of Mr. and Mrs. Robert A. Harris of 1150
Madison street, to Edwin Slater Sharsk
lin, son- of ex-Surveyor George Shanklin.
The wedding Is to be a quiet home affair
in the near future.
identify the writing of Mills, which gives
rise to the belief that certain documents
will be Introduced by the defense.
ROLLED INTO A FIRE.
SANTA- ROSA. Oct. Last night
j while under the effects of cocaine Charles
Owens, who had been camping on the
creek banks near the iron bridge, rolled
over into his campfire and was horribly
burned. His agonized screams aroused
persons living near, and, assistance hav
ing arrived. Owens was put in a blanket
and carried to the City Hall, where his
injuries were attended to by a physician.
To-day he was taken to the County Hos
. pital. The man is shockingly burned, and
no hopes are entertained for his recovery.
When found last night he was stark
i naked, and the flesh was dropping from
I his bones and he was writhing on a pile
of stones a short distance from the camp
! fire Owens is a single man and was
| camping alone.
Death of a Soldier.
VALLEJO, Oct. 10.— Henry J. Renner
died at the Holmes house in this city on
Saturday and was buried Monday. De
ceased was a resident of Cuba when the
war broke out and joined the America i
forces. He was taken sick and came t>
this city for treatment about three weeks
ago. He was. suffering from consumption.
Previous to his death he stated he had a
brother in Rochester, N. Y. Public Ad
ministrator McDonald took charge of his
effects and has written to Renner' s
brother notifying him of his death.
Investigate First!
Buy Oil Stock
Afterward!
Is the manner In which all prudent
investors would proceed, for the fol-
lowing of that course would ob-
viate all necessity -for rectifying
mistakes should they occur. They
will inquire whether or no a com-
pany is operating on OIL LAND;
if there are any wells near;
what the probable net return would
be from the product of the wells,
and, finally, if the capitalization of
a company would permit of the
small shareholder ever receiving a
DIVIDEND OF ANY SIZE. .
We answer YES to all these ques-
tions. Let us PROVE IT to you.
Until further notice stock will be
sold at $1 per share.
Pamphlets and map for the asking.
SAN JOAQUIN
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT 00.,
38 Crocket* Building.
Open evenings from 7 to 8. -.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
I
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
W~O Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:31 o'clock.
1911 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 3 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner ot Twenty-second and Ken
tucky Greets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A.~~«P"
M First degree this (WEDNESDAY) _j*V_,
EVENING. Oct. 11. at 7:30 o'clock. nv«Y
order of the W. M. /V\
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M. m
Called meeting this (WEDNESDAY) *_
EVENING -i 7:30 o'clock. Third de- jLlf
gree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. /▼>
NOTICE of meeting of stockholders of The Ris-
don Iron and Locomotive Works, to take into
consideration proposed Increase of capital
stock.
Notice is hereby given that pursuant to a
resolution and order of the board of directors
of The Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works, a
corporation organized and existing under and
by virtue of the laws of the State of Califor-
nia, and having its office and principal place
of business at the city and county of San
Francisco, In said State, unanimously adopted
nt a regular meeting of said board held on
the seventh day of August, In the year ons
thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, a
meeting of the stockholders of said corpora-
tion will be held on Wednesday, the Eight-
eenth Day of October. In the year one thou-
sand eight hundred and ninety-nine, at the
hour of two o'clock in the afternoon of said
d»y, at tbe office of said corporation, which
Is at the building situate on the easterly cor-
ner of Reale and Howard streets, In said city
and county of San Francisco, the same being
the principal place of business of said corpo-
ration, and being the building where the
board of directors of said corporation usually
meets;
That the object of said meeting Is to deter-
mine whether or not the capital stock of said
corporation shall be increased from one million
dollars, divided Into ten thousand shares of
one hundred dollars each, to a capital stock
of one million one hundred thousand dollars,
divided Into eleven thousand shares of one
hundred dollars each;
That the amount to which It Is proposed to ;
Increase the said capital stock is one million \
cne hundred thousand dollars.
By order of the board of directors,
L. R. MEAD,
Secretary of The Risdon Iron and Locomotiv* I
Works.,
Dated August 8, 1599.
ANNUAL meeting— Annual meet of stock- j
holders of the KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at
the office of the company, 327 Market street. ;
In the city and county of San Francisco, |
State of California, on WEDNESDAY, the
_st_ day of October. 199. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, October 14,
1899, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting, stockholders of The Sime
Company— The annual meeting of the stock-
holders of The Slme Company will be held at
the principal office of the company In San
Francisco. Cal., on WEDNESDAY, the 18th
day of October, ISP9, at 2 o'clock p. m.. for
the purpose of electing directors and for the
transaction of such other business as may
properly come before the meeting.
ALBERT C. 'AIKEN. President.
Dated October 7. 1599.
ACCOUNTANTS.
8. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St., designs, audits A
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms: ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
LAW and Loan Co. (Inc.)— Capital $100,000; pro-
secute or defend lawsuits In all courts on con-
tingent fees: employ able counsel; loan money
on any kind of security. Advice free, by mall
or at office, 214 Pine st.. room 64.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor. Chron-
icle bldg.; no advance charges: all cases; es-
tates, mortgages, damages, collections, bank-
ruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate fees;
call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD, 935 Market St., opp. Mason;
consultation free: moderate fees.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance,
NAGLE & NAGLE. attorneys at law, Emma
Spreckels building, 927 Market Ft.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st. opp. Meson.
BATH CABINETS-THERMAL.
THE Robinson 4-pa*iel bath cabinet, folding
like a screen; one panel opening as a door;
cail and see It; descriptive booklet free. W.
S. BROWN, general agent. 426 Ellis st.
BICYCLE REPAIRS.
THOS. H. B. VARNEY. Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
ELLIS, 607— Well-furnished front rooms, with
good board; bath; telephone; gas; piano.
ELLIS. 573— Nice sunny rooms en suite or
single with excellent table board.
MARKET. 1820 (Las Palmasl—Suito of 2 or 3 j
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
POST. 732— Rooms and board for either two
•ladies or gentlemen: terms very reasonable;
strictly private family.
POWELL. 209 (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites
and single, with or without board.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant, makes advances at
lowest rates on valuables of all descriptions.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
CHILDREN'S home; mother's care; $5 month-
ly. Address H.. Frultvale P. O.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged!
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission st, near Third.
BOOTH AND SHOES.
CHILDREN'S best kangaroo school shoes. 85o;
lad's stylish lace or button bhoes, $1 25; men's
shoes, $1; price list mailed free. PEOPLE'S
SHOE STORE, 1303 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$450— BRANCH bakery and stationery store
on O'Farrell st.. Including 4 rooms; dally re-
ceipts $10; rent $25; a splendid offer. R. G.
W I LKE. 906 Market St.
A— HOTEL of 120 rooms, office, bar, dining-
room, etc.; established for many years with
large patronage; in very best part of this city;
close to Market and Kearny; this flrst-class
paying property must be sold at once; books
open for Inspection; price $8000. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St. '
A— $1100; TRANSFER corner grocery and bar;
doing a rushing cash store and bar business;
low rent; rare chance; other business compels
owner to sacrifice; Investigate at onoe. R.
G. WILKB, 90« Market st.
A— HOME bakery and notion store, with
8 living tooms; rent $20; on Buchanan st.
It. G. WILKE. 900 Market st.
A-$!50: DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
st.; rent $35; first class; paying. Call WILKE,
KG Market st.
A— sooo— RESTAURANT and oyster parlors;
choicest location; rent $35; dally receipts $25;
meals not less than 25c; bargain. R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market St.
$4250— MILK ranch In city; 54 cows, 7 horses, t
wagons, farming utensils; everything com-
plete and in tip-top order; 48 cans; best class
trade; offer one of best eve? made; positively
full value In sight, with splendid business
thrown in; full investigation and trial if you
mean business; none but principals. M.
LESS. 765 Market st.
CORNER grocery: bar; finest store West-
ern Addition; value of $2."00 In stock and fix-
tures; 4 rooms: rent $35; receipts $35 up; best
offer out; going East. M. LESS, 763 Market.
$300— BRANCH bakery: fine location; 4 nice 1 v-
ing rooms; reasonable rent; present owner
there many years; cheap. M. LESS, 785 Mkt.
$2CO— CORNER branch bakery In th- Mission:
4 living rms.; receipts from $12 to $14 per day;
rent cheap; old estab. M. LESS, 765 Market.
GENERAL merchandise business In country,
bear full investigation; 2 country hotels and
restaurants; 2 branch bakeries; flne paying
grocery stores and salsons; business of all
hinds bought, sold and exchanged; money
loaned cVi lodging houses. Eltel, IOOSVi Market.
WANTED— SI3O for complete Invention; great
chance to make big money. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
SI..OO— SNAP; saloon; best location in city; near
Market St.; flne business. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
FURNITURE and good will of Hotel Bruns-
wlck; doing splendid business; must sell on
account of death; $3200; terms, half down,
rest on time. Ad. Hotel Brunswick, Oakland.
3 GOOD hotels for sale or rent; good and cen-
trally located dining-room, rent paid in
board, price 1100. 1007.4 Market st., room 2.
A— GRAND opportunity for an active man:
small capital required; business clearing $12*
per month,. 917 Market st., room 2.
BUSINESS CHANCES—
LAW & LOAN CO., Capital $100,000; will
invest your money on approved and guaran-
teed securities, paying monthly 1 per cent
net interest; will prosecute or defend lawsuits
In all courts on contingent fees; employ able
counsel: advice free. 214 Pine st., room 64.
HOTEL, ranch, lodging-house or restaurant to
sell or trade. ALFA. 935 Market st.
$600— FIRST-CLASS delicacy store; bargain this
day. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
RESTAURANT for sale. Apply at 513 V. Jones
street. - ; ..; - _____
WELL-ESTABLISHED photograph gallery do-
ing good business; everything complete; full-
est investigation granted; no agents: only
reason retiring from business. Address box
774, Call office.
AT cost, hardware store and locksmith: 8 fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping: good place
for a mechanic. Address box 215, Call office.
FOR sale— Bargain for the right party; corner
saloon, with lunch room; p...*! selling reason;
no agents. ISO First St., corner Natoma.
$50— BRANCH bakery: 3 rooms, partly fur-
nished ; fine place for -man and wife wishing
to serve meals. 1614 Pacific it, near Polk.
GOOD location for fruit store; fixtures In; two
rooms; rent reasonable. 290 Third aye., cor.
Clement; take Sutro car.
BRANCH bakery and notion store; 2 living ;
rooms. 806}; Filbert St.
COAL yard for sale. 431 Third et.. corner
of Sliver.
A FIRST-CLAPS coffee and lunch place for
sale cheap; $2500. Address box -11. Call.
WOOD and coal yard; established; good loca-
tion; cheap rent Box 796. Call office.
$400— RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
flne location: good trade; sickness. lOCS Hyde.
CIGAR store; water ft nt; must be sold; pro-
prietor deceased. Afply 227 Battery st.
FOR SALE— Fine grocery and bar; Post and
Devlsadero st. ; for one week.
PRIVATE boarding house; 20 boarders; 15
rooms; all full; north Market. Box 1345, Call.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D McRAE,
i 748 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 412 Sacramento st.
GOOD paving Inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR sale — Good paying Inside route on thle
paper. Apply Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
! DELIVERY wagon carrying I ton: 1 buggy,
good as new; made here. SHAW. 1621 Market"
1 ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
! etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
■ 100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
1 WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
i send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
j beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
i CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 260.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
! ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
i tel Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st ; cleaning, 3c: per yard; tri. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. Fast 126.
~ CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
DTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
1 Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND St TLAI-IS.M,
MRS. DR. CLARK, m ,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs -of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery: she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unites the sep-
arated; recovers lost stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates trasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while ; '.i a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
205 Turk st. Always consult the best.
MRS. DOCTOR DUMOND,
EMINENT CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM.
LATELY ARRIVED FROM NEW YORK.
Truthful in her predictions; reliable in her
advice; the distinguished clairvoyant and me-
dium; these in trouble or who wish to know
their future should consult this gifted me-
dium on all matters of legitimate business na-
ture- mining, lawsuits, separations, love, mat-
rimony, lost or stolen property; full reading
by mall. tl, from lock of hair or photo: sat-
isfaction guaranteed. Office. 1130 Market St.,
parlors 2 and 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant;
sittings, $1; diagnosis free; "new method'
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; she has the divine gift of clairvoyance
and never fails in her diagnosis; send stamp
for circular. 232 Stockton st
ARE there not In the lives of every one mo-
ments of hesitation, of Irresolution, when you
need to seek secret advice and counsel? At
such times do you not stand In need of a rell-.
able guide? Consult MME. MELBOURNE; a
visit will well repay you; hours, 1:30 to 6
p. m., 7 to 10 p. m. 612 V. Eddy st.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant, card
* reader; satisfaction guaranteed: fees 25c and
50c; hours 1-6 and 7-10 p. m. Sl_H> Eddy st.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes st, room 7, second floor.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant: never
fails- satisfaction guaranteed; hours, 1-6 p.m.,
7-10 p. m.; 25c and 50c. 612V4 Eddy st.
AT Dr. Rlnes', 315 McAllister st, 8 p. m. Mrs.
Seeley, Vipers, Qllllngham; all tests.
JOHN SLATER— CircIe to-night, 8:15; sittings
dally. 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
REGULAR mediums' meeting to-night, 117 Lar-
kin; speaking tests; readings; l"c.
PROF Gee— Medium; read's, EOc. $l:test circles
Tuea, Thurs., Frl.. 8 p. m.. 10c. 1035 Market.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St.. r. 12.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 23c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
GYPSY life reader; ratlsfactlon guaranteed;
25c; reading by mall. $1. 9 Seventh st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant card reader and
palmistry, 23c; truth or no pay; 1149 Mission.
J. ZERA. the best fortune-teller, has love
charms and tells lucky days. 263 Third st.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c; dally. 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m.; Sun., 7tolo p. m. 1"5 Larkin st.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 26c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FIFTEENTH, 1876, ' near Dolores— Sunny bay-
window cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; large base-
men* yard; cheap.
$16— COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
large basement. Key at 711 Treat aye
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
WANTED— LadIes to learn to cut, design, make
their gowns; satisfaction guaranteed; pupils
can make their gowns while learning ;Hend for
Circular. MRS. LIVINGSTON, 530 Sutter st
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 357 Geary; dresses
made $6 up; dresses made over: perfect fit.
_ DENTISTS.
A^DrTt. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled" or crowned without pain; plates that lit
from $4 60 up; flesh colored plates from J". M
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stranger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set ST., all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth at
AT the ELECTRO-DENT I , CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without nlates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st, near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reaeonable; gas given,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1899.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM— Painless . extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices;. 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc., 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market
MEYER— Deutseher Zahnarzt. 6 Turk; lst-class
work; prices reas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE, r. 211. Examiner Bldg.;
work reasonable;, satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prfces in S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. 11. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. _____________
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEOROE MAYERLE. German expert optician. |
1071 1 . Market St.. San Francisco; exam. free. .
EDUCATIONAL.
Business" College. 24 Post Bt.. S. F. ; !
practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand, j
typing. languages, telegraphy, English .
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-p-Age catalogue free.
AYRES" Business College. 723 Market St., short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing. Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm- i
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi.;<lay and even.; j
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics,
etc; circulars and specimen lesson papers;
evenings. 2040 Sixteenth st.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad.; French. Spanish,
$2 mo. 630 G. G. aye., r. 5-7; hours. 2to 8. .
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Leipslc; lessons 75c. 820 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI, 30 Geary ft.; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414*4 O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
SAM KEE. 513 Bush: best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
FIELD'S Employment Agency: help furnished
I free. 665 Clay st : phone Davis S2l.
{ EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE. !
LADIES' desiring first-class help can secure j
same by calling on. telephoning or addressing j
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as j
nurse 'or second girl or housework. $10 to $15;
reference. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse
girl or assist housework. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN. 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situation,
also a flrst-class French cook, with best city
references. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.
SCOTCHMAN and wife with small boy wish
places on a ranch: woman first-class cook and
houseworker; references. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter St. |
2 YOUNG women wish work, one to go out by I
the day housecleanlng. washing and Ironing, |
one to take washing home, barbers' towels, j
etc. 1436 Pacific st. |
EXPERIENCED young lady wishes a position
as typewriter and stenographer; can furnish
best of references. Call or address 1039 Mis- j
sion st.
COMPETENT sick nurse; best of references
frctm doctors; has experience; city or country: I
moderate wages. Call at 536 Third St., near J
Bryant j
EXPERIENCED lady would like position to
travel for some good house as drummer. Ad-
dress L. M. W., box 17, Call Branch Office,
106. Eleventh st.
A GERMAN woman, flrst-class cook, wants a
steady place; "best references; no washing;
city or country. Call or address 148 Sixth si.
A REFINED young lady would like a position
in a candy store; no objections to small sal-
ary' at first. Address box 742. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like
position for housework and plain cooking.
1414 Lyon St., near Sutter.
HOtSECLEANING or washing wanted by a
reliable and capable woman by the day; $1
and carfare. 917 Natoma st.
YOUNG woman wishes a position at light
work where she can have her 5-year-old boy;
wages object. Box 743, Call office.
AMERICAN working housekeeper wants a
place in city or country; is willing and oblig-
ing. 995 Market St., room 7.
GIRL wishes a situation to do general house-
work and cooking. Box 214. Call.
NEAT Swedish girl would like a place In
American family as cook. Call 424 Brannan.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day washing
or housecleanlng. Call at 308 Fulton st.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. Call ISO Fourth st.
A YOUNG woman wishes situation; housework,
cooking. 1231 Market st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation for light house-
work. Address box 217, Call office.
Wo.MAN wishes sewing by day or will sew at
room. Call at flat 1275 Clay st.
YOUNG lady, graduate In bookkeeping, will
give 1 or 2 months' service gratis for the ex-
perience. Address box 775, Call.
GERMAN woman, flrst-class cook, wishes sit-
uation. 11 Polk st.
LADY wants work by day, week or month
housekeeping. Apply 1 Vincent st., bet
Green and Union.
WANTED— By an American fady, position as
housekeeper. Address box 799, Call Offloe.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
LOANS on diamonds and jewels; low Interest;
perfect Becrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 16 Grant.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALES.
A— MILK wagon driver: 3 years' city experi-
ence on double team; good driver; 23; Al city
refs. Box 766, Call, or 1601 Sanchez, after
7 p. m.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, desires work
In private family: thorough experience: un-
deniable refs.; not afraid of work. Address
R.. BKB Mission at.
WANTED— Work by good reliable young man
at window and house cleaning; $1 60 a day.
HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush St.; telephone
East 963.
YOUNG man thoroughly acquainted with city
wishes situation to drive delivery wagon;
best of references. Address box 748. Call.
ELDERLY active American wants place :
with private family: handy and willing; good
home; small wages. Address box 404. Call.
YOUNG man wishes a situation in a dry goods
store; country or city; flrst-class reference.
Address box 754. Call.
GOOD entree cook wants situation where there
is no Sunday work: wages no object. W.
DOHNHURST. 60S Broadway.
ELDERLY man would like position of trust;
fully capable in any capacity; references;
moderate salary. Box 773, Call.
A MAN wants to take care of horse, cow; gen-
eral utility. Box 216, Call.
STRONG Industrious young man of 22 wishes
steady work in city in shop or store or fac-
tory; good penman. Call or address C. D. 0.,
321 First st. .
MACHINIST, young man, flrst-class bench-
hand, desires work; city or country. G. 8.,
825 Mission St.
YOUNG clerk (28 years) wants situation;
speaks German, Spanish and French; ex-
perienced as general salesman In Europe,
Mexico and China: the very best references.
Address box 759. Call.
LICENSED engineer; competent; sober; well
recommended. Address 26 Steuart st.
BOY of 18. residing with parents, German
descent, wishes work of any kind. Address
EDW. SPECKTER, 652V4 Natoma st
POSITION by good all-around cook. T. B
KENRICK. 6141. Third st., rear.
GERMAN man and wife want to get work In
a hotel or lodging-house: city or country';
man good porter: wife good chambermaid;
can give good references. Address box 436,
Call office. . ,:
YOUNG man, 20 years of age, would like work
In grocery or wholesale house. Call or ad-
dress 1505V4 Franklin st
CHINESE— A flrst-class cook wants situation
In private family. Inquire GIN KIM, 842 Du-
'POnt st. / ". ~ ; :-:,'. -;'.i
YOUNG man wants labor work; inside pre-
ferred. Box 252, Call office.
YOUNG man would like a position as fireman
on small engine and boilers. •*- Box , 2166, ;• Call.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. HARRIS, 15 Grant
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
SITUATION wanted by goldsmith ; practical
In all its branches; able to tend business;
married; would like steady position; city or
country. Address box 212, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 a-
lencia st. • .
EXCHANGE.
IN Berkeley New house 5 rooms and bath,
chicken and washhouse; line condition; value
$1600; will trade for city property with or
without Improvement. Address box 755, Call.
YOUNG, gentle buggy horse for horse suitable
for mountain travel; must be young, sound
and good appearance. E. A., Call office,
Oakland. _________
: : "■ -
FINANCIAL. _
WANTED for cash— Old-line life insurance
policies. A. T. KELLIHER, The Raymond.
Oakland. .
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting. 10c per yard; linen warp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed.laid and lined.
6tc per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-13*2 Stockton st.. nr. Broadway.
NEWLY furnished sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath: furniture for sale cheap for cash. Ap-
ply 12 Eddy st - . between 10 a. m. and 5 p. m.
HYDE. 316— Furniture of 7-room flat. ■
FURNISHED, 7 rooms. $130: $30 down, balance
on long time. 5 Seventh st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. w'lth No.
7 ranee. King Furniture Co.. .127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
$5000 CARPETS, furniture, etc; highest price;
postal. COLEMAN. 1125 Mission st
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture..
WANTED— SSOOO carpets.furnlture.etc; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllversteln.ll2l Market.
FLATS TO LET.
CAPP. 736, between Twenty-second and Twen-
ty-third; 4 sunny flats; 5 rooms, bath.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL, 10
Montgomery st.
FLAT of 6 large sunny rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. 3645 Sacramento St., cor. Spruce.
HOWARD. 2726— Rear; $6; 2 sunny rooms, in-
cluding water.
McALLISTER, Upper flat; 7 rooms; with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
MINNA. 639 A. bet. Seventh and Eighth— A mod-
ern flat; 6 sunny rooms; bath; yard; basement.
NOE, 695. NE. corner Nineteenth— Lovely up-
per sunny modern 5-room flat, with store
room; $17; water free .
PINE, 1228. near Hyde— flat; 6 rooms;
yard; rent $16.
SCOTT. 1713— Flat 5 rooms and bath to rent.
SEVEN rooms and 2 kitchens; modern: sunny
bay windows; for 2 families. 417. Third St.
SEVENTH, 454, corner Bryant— s sunny rooms;
cheap. Apply between 1 and 3.
WILLOW. 210, above Van Ness— 4 rooms.
$20—5 LOVELY sunny rooms; gas; water; bath.
219 Elm aye., nr. Van Ness and Golden Gate.
A— sloo,ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches, jew-
elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FURRIERS, FURS, ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes, $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny, top floor.
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
FIRST-CLASS solicitors, men or women, at
once; straight salary, besides commission.
Consolidated Flavoring Co., 1484 Market st, S.
F.. 2 to 5: 457 9th St.. Oakland, 10 to 11:30.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
ASSISTANT lady clerk for this office who lives
with parents; $13 and Increase. C. R. HAN-
SEN _. CO.. 104 Geary St.
2 WAITRESSES. Reno, $20 and free fare; wait-
resses. Newman, Fresno, Auburn, Jamestown,
San Jose. Bakersfleld and city, $20 each; 4
Chambermaids, city and country, $20; cooks,
$35, $30: laundresses, $20 to $30; restaurant
waitresses, $5 and $7 a week. C. R. HANSEN
_.- CO., 104 Geary st.
FAMILY ORDERS
2 girls, same house; nurse and house girl;
middle-aged woman for Infant's nurse, $20,
see party here at 2 o'clock; girl for house-
work, small family, see party here at 11
o'clock, $20, and 50 other claces for general
housework. $15. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Gearv st.
WANTED— second girls, city and country,
$25; girls for general housework. Alameda,
Fresno. Santa Clara, Oakland. San Rafael,
etc. $25: German or Scandinavian cook, $30;
laundress, $25; French second girl, $25; 5 wait-
resses for restaurant, $25; waitress for coun-
try hotel, $20, fare paid; chambermaid, assist
waiting, see lady here In office. $20; 50 girls
for housework in city and country, $20 and
$25. Apply to J." F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st.
WANTED— 2 Protestant second girls for short
distance in country. $20 and $25. see lady In
office this day; cook, country hotel, $35;
working housekeeper, $20. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, city, $15. MISS 11.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. Raymond. $20: free fare. MISS
H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child. Santa Rosa, $12. MISS
H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, city. $25; i in family.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
2 COLORED cooks, country boarding-houses,
$25 and $30. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.
I SECOND girls, $25 per month; 3 German and
Swedish cooks. $30 per month; 20 housework
girls, city and country, $20 and $25; S young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. v
COOK, institution. $35: 3 laundresses, same
place. $30 and $20; second girl. $25; 3 second
girls, $20; 2 nurse girls. $15 and $12: nurse In-
valid. $20: house girl, 2 In family, $25. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist with general
housework; German preferred; good home;
wages $12 to $16. Apply 31 Beulah at., bet.
Cole and Shrader; take Halght-st cars.
EXPERIENCED waitress, arm work, $25 per
month; also lunch and dinner waitress, $20
per month. Apply at JOHNSON'S. 28 Mont-
gomery St., bet. 10 and 11 a. m. and 7 and 8
p. m. '
WANTED— German girl, good cook, and for
general housework In small family: wages
$25. Apply Wednesday and Thursday, 2524
Pine st. near Scott.
GIRL wanted for Berkeley: must be good cook;
small washing and assist with downstairs
work; wages $25. See lady 11 a, m. at 613 Mc-
Allister st, near Van Ness aye.
YOUNG lady to assist In office 1 hour per day
in part payment for business or shorthand
course. Durham Bus. College. 305 Larkin st.
WANTED— GirI for second work and assist
care children; wages $15; a good home. 1167
Octavia st
WANTED— Lady pianist; hours 8 to 12 nights;
out of city; good wages and fare paid. Apply
at 203 Powell st. from 10 to 4.
WANTED— Scandinavian or . German girl for
light housework: must be £ood cook. Apply
at 2623 California st. 1
APPRENTICES, finishers and buttonhole
makers wanted: custom work. 609 Kearny
st, room 2.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; one who
understands cooking preferred. Apply 208 Va-
lencia st /
WANTED— hands to work on cloaks
and suits. E. MESSAQER. 146 Post st.
HAIRDRESSERS and ventilators wanted.
COSGROVE. Hair Specialist. 1416 Polk st.
GIRLS to learn glove making and experienced
operators on French overstltch. 121 Grant^av.
WANTED— Ycung girl .for light housework.
1362 Geary st.
WANTED— to take cars of baby; wages
$10. 1938 Bush st.
GOOD woman or girl to assist with general
housework. 514 Noe at.
WOMAN wanted to assist In cooking. 330 Main
street
WANTED— general housework: Vallejo.
Apply at once at 817 Van Ness aye.
AN apprentice and skirt hand at. MME. LI-
CHAU'S Dressmaking Parlors. 455 Geary st
WANTED— A neat girl to do plain housework.
16 Turk st.
WA NTED—D ressmaker; competent skirt and
waist maker; references. Box 218, Call office.
WANTED— GirI for light housework. 444 Chest-
nut st.
LADIES for prize article to canvass; salary and
commission. Apply 8 a. m., "Utiea," 21 Spear.
WAITRESS— restaurant; hours, 9 to 7:30;
$4 per week: call early. 1008 Hyde st
GOOD cream dipper; steady; good wages; retail
business. Address box 766, Call office.
WOMAN to help work in a lodging-house. 1032
Market st.
WANTED — canvassers; " sure money;
$2 or $3 per day. 2810 Greenwich St., Presidio;
call 8 to 12 a. m.
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32V4 Fremont St.,
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chine* and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. . ,
IRONERS, IRONERS, IRONERS.
Flrst-class ironers wanted at La Grande
Laundry. 12th, bet. Howard and Folsom;
highest wages paid. Apply at once at laundry.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls: paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Good reliable woman for general
housework and cooking. Apply bet. 1 and 3
at 925 O'Farrell st
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats;
steady work. 222 Kearny st.
GOOD pants finisher. £09 Kearny at., room 1.
WANTED — Operator Bonaz braiding; good
wages; steady. S. F. Mfg. Co., 409 A Turk.
WANTED— girl to help In kitchen. Ap-
ply 619 Sacramento st
N.-.AT Protestant girl; light housework and
care of children; $15; references. 4005 17th st.
IRONERS and body Ironers. * National Laun-
dry, 411 Sanchez st. f^
FINISHER on custom coats; also experienced
apprentice girls; also presser; also tailor* 126
Russ st. z .
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 2651
Howard st.
IRONERS. STANDARD LAUNDRY CO.,
Nineteenth st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland
FINISHER and buttonhole-maker on custom
made coats. 36 Grove st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work. FRANCIS, 796 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers for cording skirts, etc..
to take work home. H. FRIEDLANDER, 338
Fell st.
SOLICITORS; salary at start and big commis-
sion; call this morning. Room 83, 26 O'Farrell.
MACHINE girls on vests. 641VS Stevenson st
FIRST-CLASS finisher and buttonhole maker
on custom vests. 6 Eddy st, room 111.
NURSEGIRL wanted; wages $12. 1458 Page st.
COLORED girl for general housework in small
family. 710 California st., room 5.
WANTED— Experienced ironers at U. S. Laun-
dry, Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels: low Interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant.
WANTED— 4 ladles who want to make $10 a
week. Call 114 Jones st, San Francisco.
i BOYS wanted: apply Monday 8 a. rh. 312 Grove.
IRONER wanted In factory on ladles' and
children's wear. 123 Market St., room 35.
ACCORDEON pleating factory "all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO Connor & Moffatt.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
HELP WANTED MALE.
NO FEE FREE FARE
FOR THE COAST ROAD
TEAMSTERS AND LABORERS
SHIP THURSDAY MORNING
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK FREE FARE
Tunnelmen, teamsters and laborers. $1 75, $2
and $2 50 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
GANG edgerman, country" sawmill; paper-
hanger, country, $30 and found; wheelwright,
country', $40; farmers, milkers, choremen and
others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
SECOND cook, restaurant. $30; third cook, $40:
4 cooks, city. $8. $9, $10 and $12 a week; 5
hotel waiters, $25 and $30; dishwashers,
kitchen hands, etc. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
TWENTY pick and shovel men; city work; no
camp: board where you please; $2 a day. C.
R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED S quartz miners; 5 laborers for
mine, $2 day and $26 and found; 2 wood-
choppers for mine, $2 cord; 10 laborers, com-
pany work, $1 23 day and board; butcher
boy, $4 and found; colored coachman, $20 and
found; vegetable gardener, $1S; farmers, $2."
and $26; teamsters, $1 75 and $2 day, and
others. J. F. CROSETT. & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— $50; American second cook
for Institution. $40; restaurant cooks. $7. $8,
$10 and $12 week; hotel baker. $40; oyster
opener and cook for country, $40 and found;
boarding house cook, $35; hotel waiter, $30;
dishwashers, $25; porter for Institution. $15,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
mento st. '
WANTED .'.
Driver for milk route In city; references re-
quired: $35 per month and found. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Second cook for country' hotel, fare
advanced, $33; night waiter for restaurant In
city, $8 per week; teamster for city, $26 and
board; farmers, $25 and $26 and found: labor-
ers for mine, $2 per day; miners, $2 25 per
day; blacksmith, small country shop near
city. $40; blacksmith on ranch, $30 and found;
farmer and wife. $40; woodsman, near city,
$30 and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
$75 PER month can be made by reliable man;
permanent place: light work: must have
small capital. 1032 Market st, room 4.
GOOD barber wanted. Apply 2503 Folsom st.
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day. 260 Third Bt. 1
WANTED— barber; steady. 1207
Scott st
BARBER wanted. Fourteenth and Mission sts.
BARBER wanted. 528 Broadway.
GOOD barber wanted; steady; also bootblack.
1073 Market st.
YOUNG man to press on pants. 104 Kearny
st.; good pay.
2 BUSHELMEN: steady work; good wages.
2504 Greenwich st, near Presidio.
2 FIRST-CLASS coat makers: also bushelman.
MIKKELSEN & BERRY, Berkeley, Cal.
SHOEMAKERS wanted at 202 Second st
GROCERY clerk wanted: active; 20 to 25 years.
200 Francisco St.. cor. Dupont.
BOY from 16 to 20 In plumbing shop. 1828
Market st.
EXPERIENCED liquor salesman for wagon
route. Address box 760. Call.
STRONG boy wanted In butcher business to j
deliver orders. Call at 326 Devlsadero st
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
GOOD coatmakers, basters and operators on
coats. 718 Market St.; steady work; good pay.
DISHWASHER wanted at 18 Folsom St., cor-
ner of Steuart. ■
GOOD waiter. 624 Fourth st. '
LUNCH waiter this morning. NE. corner of
Main and Howard sts. j
COAT maker wanted at 2"2 Montgomery aye.
WANTED— 2 good whlteners. Call . 252 Fifth
St., 7:30 a. m.
WANTED— on custom pants. 724
Market St.. room 27. -
BOYS wanted. Broom Factory, 243 Pacific st.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 116 Larkin st
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay st.
WANTED— energetic men; light Indoor work;
good wages. 472V4 Thirteenth st, Oakland.
SHOEMAKER wanted at once. 115 South Sec-
ond st, San Jose.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc 562 Mission st, bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— boy about 15 years: $3 per
week. 211 Sutter at., room 4... •
ANTED— A strong boy, about 17 years of
age, for a wholesale house. Address, In ap-
plicant's writing, box 752, Call offlce.
WANTED— Harnessmakers at 400 Market st.
ERRAND boys wanted. Apply 508 Front st.
WANTED— tailor by L. CLAR.
Visalia, Cal.: steady work for right man.
BARBER shop and bathhouse "near new race
track; cheap If Called for immediately: this is
a splendid chance. STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
BARBER'S small shop: a bargain; good prices;
short hours. 603 Washington st.
WANTED— 2 young men to sell potatoes on
. commission. 1126 Harrison st, -5 p. m; '.'■..,
YOUNG man with experience to work In butch-
. er shop: about 20 years old. 450 Cortland aye.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply after 9 a. m to
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Market st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5848
* Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANTED TO-DAY AT 7 A. M.,
59 farm hands $35, $30, $26, $20 and found
12 milkers $30 and $25 and found
_» chore men, boys for farms, factories
STABLEMEN ........
27 stablemen, city and country, $50, $45, $40,
$30, $25 and found
DRILLERS
26 single and double hand $2 75 day
corner men, bench hands, . muckers, etc
wheelwrights, wood turner $3 day
22 teamsters, fare 66c $2 25 day
643 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED
IS6 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, $3, $2 75. $2 50, $2 day. Come see
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
12 CARPENTERS, sawmill company.. ..$3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 630 Clay st
HOTEL, LAUNDRY. BAKERY. ETC
IS cooks •• • ■
$65 $60, $.",5. $40. $30 and found
14 waiters '. $30, $25, $20 and found
19 dishwashers $30, $25, $20. $15 and found
6 porters, bell and elevator boys
7 laundrymen and pantrymen. $30 and found;
coatmaker; broilers, second, third and fourth:
cooks. 2 first, 4 second; third hands and 3
- boys to learn baking trades, $40, $35, $25
(20, $15 and found; 5 cooks and wives or men
together, $65. $55. $50. $40 and found.
ABOVE places are for hotels, restaurants, pri-
vate families, saloons, mines, boarding-
houses, institutions, ranches, railroad camps;
come and see us. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st.
BIG WAGES MINES 37 MINES
15 laborers, tare $150 (no experience) $60
35 laborers, fare $3 50, sliver mine.. $37 found
26 laborers, fare $2 SO *52 and found
16 laborers, northern mine $63
63 laborers tfio experience), $57 per month,
with board and lodgings
14 miners $2 25. $2 50, $2 75 day
GREAT CROWDS. .MURRAY A READY,
GOING DAILY 634 and 636 Clay st
COMPANY WORK
25 laborers. Inside work (no experience re-
quired), $2 to .$2 75 day, fare 75c, steady Job;
25 laborers, manufacturing company, ' fare 60c,
$60. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
WE SHIP YOU FREE. ...EVERY RAILROAD
In California but one; drillers, hammersmen,
laborers, stone masons, teamsters, etc. ; wages
from $3 50 day; board and lodgings $4 50 week-
ly; (we do not ship to Ccast Railroad.) MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MARRIED HELP WANTED
Man and wife for mines (no experience).... s3s
6 farmers and wives 6 cooks and wives,
$60, $55, $50. $40, $30 and found. Come and see
us. MURRAY & READY, 034 and 636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARES SHIP TO-DAY
To 27 sawmills, woods. In beautiful Mendo-
cino, Humboldt, Santa Cruz, Sonoma, Fresno,
Shasta and IS ether counties, 254 laborers,
men to learn to run machines, etc.; $26 to $40
and found; ("no experience required"), you
will suit; wooamen, sawmill men, tiemakers,
woodchoppers, Dicket makers, etc., by the
hundreds; (90, $85. $80. $75, $60, $50, $40, $30 and
found. MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
15 BLACKSMITHS and helpers, 4 camp black-
smiths, $2 50 a day and $40 and found.
MURRAY' A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
('HAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
JEWELERS— Bush St., room 4, Third floor.
ALL round butcher for country. Address box
256. Call office.
OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought;
highest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS.ISGrant
MEN to learn barber trade: only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert^ lnstruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st
WANTED— Men to work on grade of Valley R.
R. ; fare one way If employed 10 days; new
management; no discount on wages; reason-
able board. Apply to E. M. CARR, Pinole.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
In 6 weeks; expert Instructions; Saturday
wages: call or write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 741 A Howard st.
EXPERIENCED machine salesmen can make
Al contracts. White Co., 300 Post st., 7 p. m.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices, $1
a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bids.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ing. H. Bernard, Sec:, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272. Call.":.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter St'T.'V.~:'i
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard: read. rm.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, - 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc Fop Sale
REGULAR weekly auction sale TUESDAY at
11 o'clock at the Ormonde Sale Stables. 1517-
-1518 Mission St. between Eleventh and
Twelfth, of choice, sound, well-broke young
horses Just from the country; we will be
pleased to hitch and show the above stock
in harness any time up to day of sale. S.
WATKINS & CO., auctioneers. N. B.— Sales
of horses direct from the country every Tues-
day at 11 a. m.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St., between Twelfth and
Brady: also some flne matched black teams.
FOR sale— A number of work, road and busi-
ness horses. Tomkinson's Livery Stable, 57
Minna st, bet. First and Second.
HOUSES LODGING SALE.
.A^_Rl_l3c^A~Co7^
Money to Loan at Low Rates.
27 rooms; near Kearny; clears $100 $1100
60 rooms; rent $100; clears $300 3500
43 rooms; good; present owner 7 years... 2500
40 rafcns; best paying in city; Third st... 1400
IT, rooms; bay-window corner; transient. 500
18 rooms; new and nice; near Market 1100
19 rooms; best on Geary; make offer.
9 rooms; nr. University, Berkl'y; br'dg. 375
11 rooms: O'Farrell: clears $50 700
Many others; call for list. KREDO & CO.
$225— HOUSE, 18 rooms; 3d st., nr. Market; rent
$40; must sell this week. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging houses see
BASILE. 3 Eddy Bt; new cash buyer dally.
$1600— SNAP; £5 rooms; flne location; all rented;
rent $100 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market St.
OVER WONDER MILLINERY STORE
13 rooms; Taylor st ; elegant; only $600
20 rooms; central; great sacrifice 500
23 rooms: corner: cost $2200; see it 1000
32 rooms; sunny corner; snap 1050
WE have houses to suit the wants of buyers;
we do not advertise prices, but invite intend-
ing buyers to call and investigate our nu-
merous bargains we offer in houses; we loan
money to buyers at 2 per cent. SCHWEIN-
HARD A CO.. 1007H Market St.. near Sixth.
HOWARD, 704, cor. 3d— Nice cor. house; good
location; full; cheap; account retiring.
(659— House 12 rooms ; Van Ness near Grove.
Address box 1345. Call offlce.
FOP. sale— Lodging house of 14 rooms; always
taken: near the ferry. Box 757, Call.
$550- PHILADELPHIA HOUSE, 421 Bush st. ;
48 fur, rooms; gas and water In every room.
HOUSES TO LET.
PRINTED list: houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO., 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK A CO., 667 Market st. •»«'.-•,
- Houses— I Flats—
1661 Octavia. 16r....5150 417 Jones, 6r $27 50
i 1914 Clay. 12r 75 1333 Howard, 6r... 21
811 Mission, 9r 37 i 2428 Gearv. fr..:.. 20
,707 Ellis. 6r 23 789 Haight, 7r.... 20
1241 Sanchez. 5r 13 1609 Turk, 6r 17 50
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
TO rent— 9-room lodging house; rear entrance;
newly painted, papered. 313". O'Farrell st
6-ROOM house, all new, for sale; partner leav-
ing city on account sickness. 40S 1 . O'Farrell.
9-ROOM lodging-house, with private entrance
in rear; newly painted, papered. 313% O'Far-
rell st., near Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
$12 60—11 SUNNY rooms, bath; barn; garden;
chicken yard; at West Berkeley; railroad sta-
tion 1 block; 40 minutes from city. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON A CO.. 614 Call bldg.
ADVANCES at lowest ■ Interest; private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LOST AND FO_.VD.
IN Golden Gate Park, pair of spectacles. Find-
er will receive reward by leaving same at 934
Powell st. •
LOST— Llewellyn setter; name on collar J
KOSCHNITZKI. Return to 107 Germania
, aye. ; liberal reward. ' j aa___B
LOST AND FOUND.
I_OCT^rindle greyhound. Return to 1618
Sanchez st. ,
LOST-A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of fan Francisco. in the
name of GENEVRA CURRY: No. 233-1200.
Tne finder will please return to banK. ;
MONEY to loan; quick: all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California St.. r. 7.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-The Weekly Can.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
■ - — —
MEDICAL.
___iSTD-L^'YETH, ladies' physician; consul-
tation free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5. 942 Post between
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to j. i to 8.
A STRICTLY" private confinement home; sunny
rooms; best of care; nice garden. DR. A.M.
MRS. WEGENER, phone Pine 2781; residence,
1312 Golden Gate aye. -*-' '
MRS. DR. KOHL. ladies' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket st. bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. (5; hours 9 a.m. to p.m.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladles' physician. 510
Eddy st, bet. Hyde and Larkin. ..
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st; consultation free.
MRS. ALLEN, ladles' physician, 22S Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 ____"_•_ to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. DAVIES, ladies' physician. 1228
Market rt. bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human ' body. 115 Mason st-^
MINES AND MINING.
FIFTEEN hundred shares of stock for sale In
paying gold mine at $1 per share; will ad-
vance to $3 within six months; owner needing
money must sacrifice; purchaser may deal
with owner direct. W. F. ARAM. Mills bldg.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room .40. Bth
floor. Mills building, S. F. : tel. Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOTl_EßS~en^n7r^d-liana~niaxhinery. MC-
INTOSH _.- WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
st., above Sixth. '
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission SC-
AN ELEGANT solitaire diamond ring, a per-
fect gem, for only $80; former price $140.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye . ■
FOR Second-hand shaftings, pulleys,
hangers. 1 saw table, one Sturtevant blower.
ROBERTS, 1613 Market st. _____
JERSEY' cow and fine-bred chickens for sale.
1616 Seventeenth st. ___________
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN, 1118 Mission; Tel. Jessie 1163.
15,000 SECOND-HAND hard brick. Inquire 167
Fremont St., MEESE & GOTTFRIED CO.
8 HOISTING engines, 3 steamers, 5 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE, 220 Fremont.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. R.
CHURCH, 307 Sansome St., tel. Main 5086.
SAFES— and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, resiliences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz. Safe Co., 109-111 Market st. S. F.. Cal.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
second hand; carriage engines. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO.. 1309 Mission st, near Ninth.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
SIX h. p. gasoline engine: also 15 h. p. portable
boiler, engine. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc., for sale
cheap; old houses bought, rem'd. 8 Valencia.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN, fits Mission, pays good commission.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gist? or at the Dog Hospital.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus: bargain list No.
15 now ready for mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
21 in.; gas eng.. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
DRESS pants. $2 75: flne suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call/ 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— hire, 100 flrst-class scraperteams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
WANTED— exchange horses for pianos. 1517
Mission st
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
nought. H. Landeeker A Co.. lis Montgomery.
' MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount of furniture, planes, without re-
moval, or any other good /ecurity; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan nt long as you de-
sire; avoid led tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate; 'mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. P.. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
LOANS on furniture or planes in S. F. , Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second, mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, life insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN, room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delays: try all others, then see me; sso to
$100,000; 6 per cent: Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages;estatea in probate, undivided Interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, 636 Markt.
LAW and Loan Co. (inc.)— Capital $100,000; loan
money on any kind of security; prosecute or
■ defend lawsuits in all courts on contingent
fees; employ able counsel. Legal advice free
by mail or at offlce, 214 Pine st. room 64.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates', confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
MONEY to loan: quick: all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California st. room 7.
LOANS on furniture, pianos. Jewelry.stock; low
rates. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
$50 TO $60,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, HI Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott big.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for (L
postage paid.
-3
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $1
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 ana
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ■3fegaa___|-_aa
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. *
A FEW GOOD BARGAINS.
Chickering, Curtaz, Steinway, Steck; condi-
tion good as new; easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ) A SON. Chlckerlng agents. 16-18-29
O'Farrell st.
BARGAINS for to-day at MAUVAIS, 769 Mar-
ket st: Upright piano for (100, (160. (175,
$250, . $325. . '
FINE Decker piano in walnut case; g?eat bar-
gain; at MAUVAIS, 769 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL upright piano, cheap for cash.
Apply 2460 Market st, near Fifteenth.
(450 "COLBY" upright, almost new. to be sold
at a sacrifice; terms cash. Apply 2330 Folsom.
A FINE Stelnway upright; cheap for cash.
Room 12. Flood building, 4th and Market sts.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments, $6 76 up:
rents. (2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellia
"___?• BADGER. 412 Sacramento St., agent for
I Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.MUSICAL :\<tiiime>t*.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap, j
SCKMITE, _6 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE; 1710 Market st.
A— JS3 UPRIGHT piano In fin- con-iit'.on; also
- the famous Hornung Bros. 2:5 McAllister st.
. — ____
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous 1
Hornung Bros.' piano-;. 211 McAllister st. I
— ■ — — , .
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other P-S-00. 3CS i
Post St.
_^^_^ l
WANTED^-! Square Pianos md 4 Cabinet Or-
garis. DYRON MAU7.Y. 3CS Pest st. !
KNABE pianos; now scale: new styles. X -H-
I.ER _ CHASE. 2. O* Farrell St. ;
SUPERIOR violins. xith-*r_. eld and new. H.
Ml LLER. mrik^r. repairer. : Latham place.
OFFICIOS AND STORES TO LET.
<. . .
FOR rent r.r tor lease. 353 Her»_r_ it., '.arg.
store and large concrete basement.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
H SECTION
OIL LAND.
tn the famous oil belt cf Kern County, X-m
River District.
Apply by letter cr tn person to
WILLIAM ELLERY.
3S Crcckor Building.
PALMISTRY. ~~ "
MME. NEEBOAARD, pupil o_ Codhi S_"s«v
~ilr_ SH Geary it., above Jones: classes;
Office hours. Itc I p. m. : reidlr.g by mall, tl.
PERSONALS.
. C_X--P_nNYS^HOpT^ •
Estimates furnished on all kinds cf work,
reefing, etc. MUNRO j_ C 0... t.l. Jackson 523.
LESSONS In water color portrait palntin?:
stat- terms. Box 2S-.7. Call office.
GIRL baby f-r adoption. MRS. DR. FUNKS.
I4:i Eighth st., Alameda.
LEDERER. the popular haird.esser— Hairdress-
:ng. 25c; shampoo. 50c: switches, SI up: mani-
curt— g. 2.; c: bleaching rcot3 of hair. SOc; long
hair. 73c _ LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA cleanses the scalp.
softens ar.d «r.ves fin* gloss n the hair; 35c |
bottle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton ...
A. --LEIN buys clothing, b-ic-i-brac. toots j
ani old gold: send for him. : t Sixth st.
MARRIAGE buro-au: eotab. "JJS7; reliable ani :
confidential; lists lOc. Mrs. Hertz. :.. ETT:-.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Tra iemark
Attorney at Law, an" Copyright
No. « Sutter at., Law. a .r-eciaity
San Fra rati sco, CaL i American an I Foreign
Send for circular. ; Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT cf Imported ani d:mestic rem-
nants for suits to -rder. JU .a: pants. $3 73;
nothing higher. One-Prict Tailoring Co.. Id+4 ;
Market st.. under St. Nicholas H.tel.
ELECTRIC lights in ev.ry room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Thirl St.. n-iar Market: 7TO rooms; |
22c to si so per night; Jl 50 to M per week;
free 'bus and bazslse to and from ths ferry. I
WORKS of sr: w.rth r.0'... 00 on exhibition" at
Paiace cf Art. 1. Post at. Ladies with escorts
a—mttted from 8:30 p. m. to 11-30 p. m. E. I
HAQUETTE. j
FRINGES, brails, beads and .'ewe'.s made trj
order. ETTINGFR'S. 723 Market st. \
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought.
sold, exchanjred. 523 Dupont St.. nr. Cal,
-____
ME?.-.. J. WHEELOCK has removed La Vertt*
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 44..
P .INTING and paper hanging; rooms capered.
K3O up. JENSEN A BATH. 3CS Sixth 't.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
••BALL-HEARING" sewing machines: no fric-
:...-.. White :rewir._- Machine Co.. 300 Post st.
M.ME LOUISE'S manicure parlor haa removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy St.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND. mnnlo __- pet r-
lors. 22S Kearny St.. first ficcr. rooms 2-3.
JAMES A. SORENSON, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St.. near Mission.
LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and .eaT
garments: also remodeling. 104 Keary st.
RUPTUP.E, piies cured: examination free.
Drs. __________ & Porterfieid. S3- Market st.
HIP.SLTINE Co.. hair sceciaTists. srrow hair
cr no nay: book for ?tama. 5 Eddy St.
IE you wish fnll value for your :asf-o_2 cloth-
RT-'PTURE. =tn::_re cured: no knife: no Injec-
tion: ."-.-rar-ii. Dr. Gorlin. 314 Pine. ab. _-ny.
ST'iT_T t. crd-r on easy installments. L.
LFMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and .th. <
v.- ANTED— j.i cotd f-.r rruinufatßg. O. Noite,
Jeweler. 24 5 O'Farrell. bet. Powell A Mason.
A "WEEK'S r= xs for 3 cents— The Weekly Call.
TT -■_?•» ir. wrapper, for mattrng 5! per year.
PARTNERS WANTED.
V." ANTED — By auctioneer, man that thorough-
ly understands furniture business. Aiiress
box 7_.». Call office.
LADY In business wishes a lady partner.
B^x 77">. Call.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service: country orders cur specialty:
catalogue free. Ca!. Camera Co.. 22 Geary rt.
PHYSICIANS AND SCRGEOSS
DP- C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
1C21"-. Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE « in — fur sale.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE ft CO.
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
On O'FarreTl st.. near Taylor st. : lar_e lot,
57:'"-x_T7 . f c et: well improved; two large dwell-
tngs and two rear hou.es. all in first-class con-
•'..'.: on; right in the line of improvement; to be
*.-,. d to the highest bidder at our next auction;
call and get particulars.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER INVEST-
MENT.
RENTS J22_ PER MONTH.
liff.CO. c_sh: balance bank mortgage SW/M: S
m.dern houses; large corner. 57:.xT37...
BUSINESS SNAP.
?2 ''.". ea»h: balance 24^00 on mort?n^«. 3 per
cent: at a transfer point; lar^e elegant
rcoralns house of 30 sunny rooms; ccst
JSCOO to build; l_nre lot. 43:6xlAi; will
pay $200 per month.
A NORTHWEST CORNER.
17.9C4! — Elegant modern comer residence; 2
blocks north of Market St.: half cf "ot
Improved; Improvements cost JIO.C-0:
mortgage cf J4STO can ren_ — a: lot 55x
_»: must be sold.
ASHEURT HEIGHTS FLATS.
IB.COC— 2 b»-_tif _I flats cf (a - ' « rcoms and
bath; every modem improvement; good
view of Park and ocean.
BARGAIN.
B.tOO- -___c st.. near Gough St.: lot 30-__7:«.
with ID-room hou_e; land aloae worth
the price asked.
HYDE-STP-EET ME.
J3.oCO— Nice Targe sunny cottage of 4 rooms and
bath and basement; lot 23x137 :_
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
14.2S0 — Must be sold Immediately: elegant resi-
dence cf 7 rooms and bath; modem;
hai! a block from Park Panhandle;
mcrtgoae COCO can remlin.
MISSION FLATS.
J3.1C0— 2 pretty Cats cf 4 rooms and bath: rents
J3O: large lot, 30x__.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT..
$3,300 — N»ar Ist and Howard sts..; 2-story brick
building; 11 rooms and bath: let 23x73.
CHEAP NORTH BEACH FLATS.
JI.-Co— 2 pretty flats of 4 rooms each; rents ITU . :
street bit— tnlnixed; near Powell and :
I 'ATE.
" J1.750—- On First aye.. a -— feet from Point
MAKE AN OFFER.
r»0O mortgasre: ANT SUM OVER THAT
GETS IT; targe lot en Point Lobes
A VERY CHEAP LOT.
JiwO— Reduced from JUGO to half its value;
Clipper St.. near Noe st. ; lot 2.:5x114.
We hold our regular auction sales
every two weeks. For further particu-
lars acply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE Sc CO..
IF you have lets north of Golden Gate Park.
■west cf First aye., and you wish to sell '..._•__.
call en W. J. GUNN. 413 Montgomery ft.
|_:Co— Rents SriO; 2 BrcadTrny bay-window 3 and
. « room fiats. la-.ulre U___ Vallejo st.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
VAN NESS aye. lots only J3O per front foot;
several lots sold and tine houses being erected:
east line of Van Ness aye.. from Lombard
to Chestnut: lots any sue; street accepted.
O. D. BALDWIN ft SON. 22 Montgomery st.
A— COCa EACH; four tots en Stevenson st.. bet.
Thirteenth and Fourteenth; ZTixti- each: lots
level, on grade; re_ dv for building: 2 lines
of cars. O. D. BALDWIN _. SON. 22 Mont-
___ery r_ * !
A— s3s.'o; rents $40; three modem bay-window
flats of- 3, a and . rooms ** ■ bath each:
MoAT-lster St. O. D. BALDWIN _ SON. 22 :
Montgomery st. I
A-5T.0. 100; RENTS i~ £9 per month; two^fine
mod.m residences; En—Dana— st. , nr. Cali-
fornia. O. D. BALDWIN _ SON. - Mont-
gomery st. ■ . :
A— Jl-T-ijO; ehe— pest lot In town; 3n:5x112:5: ea^t
side of T-yetj St.. nr. Post; street accepted.
O. D. BALDWIN _ SON. 22 Montgomery St. ;
A— JICCO; another cheap lot; ncrth line of Geary
st near BoTtir; 24:.x_0; street accepted:
cable cars. O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22
Montgomery st. - j
A— C2SO: Presidio Heights residence. 19 rooms
and bath; ail modern Improvements: street '
bttu— _ nlsed; few steps from cars. O. D. ;
BALDWIN ft SON. 22 Montgomery st. i
A— PCC_: cost $13,000: handsome nearly new
residence on Presidio Heights, with marine
view; 10 rooms; porcelain bath: hardwood
floors': choice decorattani; fretwork and man- J
tel. (nn-ce, etc. O. D. BALDWIN _ SON, I
22 M-.n-.y.mery st. j
roosi-PforT HOCSEKJ-KPI-fC
X^T LARGBjsunny moms, furnished complete
, ' «,- r --.-..j^-ke.-pin*'; 2 folding beds. 1 in kitchen. I
Tlr "bedroom; $10 per month. « 50 per week;
furniture alt new. . Apply at shoe store. ;_
MisVion st., bet. First and Second _5 t *- .
BiTNi TISTA aye.. 44 J. near Golden Gate
! F_r:.— l elegantly furnished rooms; large yard.
f— _y 242_ in rear, near Fillmore — 2 unfur-
ntshe<l;upper rooms'; water; -?". '■
EDDY KM Nice sunny room and - -hen, corn- ;
piece' for housekeeping. -
EIGHTH. 3-s S, near M.irket — Two sunny double
front parlors, with kitchen and bathroom;
furnished for housek-eplng; private family.
FLEVENTH, 120^-3 sunny furnished rooms; j
modem conveniences; $15.
ELLIS 323—2 nicely fumlshe-1 r-cms. cc_ tpleta
for housekeeping: also sunny p_.-.jr
FOURTH. 225 — ...... light house-
keeping: also single.
GEAP.T, 3;ij — Nice sunny suites for housekeep-
ing; double and single rccms: phone.
HARRISON. 718 A —Furnished or unfurnished: :
sunny front and bath In a private family;
rent ch^ap.
_ — ■
HOWARD. 829— Furnished rocms. from i.
week up; also housekeeping. $1 73 to $3.
HOWARD. IT'S — Nicely furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; running water; rent
rensonable.
HOWARD. 1144^ — Nice sunny suites for house-
keeplng: running- water. j
HYDE. 3 — 3 sunny unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; reference required. j
IF you're short borrow of the respectable !
house of UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
_ -_ — — (
LARKIN, BOi— Small sunny room, furnished. $_
MARKET. t- ■'■'-■■ suite; newly fur-
r.ished; rent $13.
MISSION 3-4.">— Front rocm with folding bed
and kitchen: complete for housekeeping.
SUNNY front suite. $-.; downtown. Box 78_,
Call.
THIRD. SI'S— Housekeeping rocms, single or ia
suite.
TURK. 4'i3. ccr. Hyde — Sunny corner room;
light housekeeping; $10.
VAN NESS aye.. 400 — Complete for housekeep-
ing. 3 larse corner rooms; run all day: sta-
tionary tubs; fine yard.
VAN NESS. 1021— Finely furnished sunny
suites for ho_sek o epinz: also stngle rooms.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Lnfurn.
A^BPX"N-TwiC-_~HOUSEr W lir~Si_^h— RoomT.
2-e to Jl per night; $1 23 to $3 per week, and i
.light housekeeping; open ail night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.— j
H:mei.ke house; modem service; elevator;
bath : rooms SOc to Ji 30 day. MRS. J. KING, j
i AT 52 Second St., double rooms for week, Jl 50 j
I to $3; single, Jl to $1 50; day, 23c to 50c.
i BURNETT. 142. Market «old No. I_>s4i — Fur- j
! nished rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished. I
i CARROLTON, 1208 Market, cor. Golden Gate j
| aye.— Sunny comer: well furn. rms. & offices. |
CLAP.A. I-T.J. near Fifth— 2 furnished rooms; JS; i
a iso 3 unfurnished rooms. |
CORNER alcove rocm. overlooking- Jefferson !
S-i'-are: sun all day: references. .36 Turk St. j
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel) — Clean, neat
rooms; il 50 week up: elevator day and night. |
EDDY, 2C7— Nice runny rocm; bath; quiet
house ; S3 t*r month.
EDDY. 472— Bright sunny rocm; double bed; $3 I
[ per month. j
i ELLIS, 221 (P.csedale House* — Nice rooms, 2£c
s ni_ht, $1 a week up: rending roosa
j GEARY. 14A— Handsomely furnished suite; also j
single rocms; reasonable; transient.
! Geary. 405 (The Navnrrt) "* Com fort-hie fam. !
! rooms: travelers accommodated. .MRS. HYER. i
I GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast ccr. Seventh j
I and Mission sts.— Sunny rccms, en suite or !
! sinsrle; ladies' parlor; reading room: elevator. !
i HANCOCK House. 7>l Mission— Select family
rocml— g house; $1 50 to <-i per week.
HOWARD. 754 — Nice sunny corner furnished
room; suitable for dentist: also transients.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely far- j
nished: every convenience: electric lights.
HUGHES HOUSE. 214 Third— Newly renovated; i
lie to 50c per night; $1 50 to J- per week.
JONES. 100. ccr. Golden Gate aye.— Sunny
room; gentleman only; bath: Jl4. t
McALLISTER. 5-s— Nlce'.y furnished rooms to j
let; rent reasonable.
McALLISTER. 7C2 5 _— Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms: suite or single: private fam. .
MINNA. C«7. comer Elshtfi— Newly furnished I
bay-wfndow room; $1 p*r week; transient.
MISSION, 1150; nicely furnish*! sunny frcnt
rooms; also housekeeping; rooms.
"NEWPORT." II Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay- win. rms. and single, $3 up; also hskpg.
OAK. 3SIS — Nicely furnished sunny room; private
family; gas, bath: cheap.
• OCTAVIA, 1413. comer Geary— l -- 1 sunny
| front bay windows: gents preferred.
[ O'FARRELL. 537— Largs room, suitable for 1 !
or 2 gentlemen; private family.
j POLK. 111.-3— Large sunny furnished room to I
private family; gas and bath.
! POLK. I?27— Sunny front rocms; housekeeping; |
j 2 oar lines: bath: private: reasonable.
t POST. 337— Nicely furnished suits and double I
parlor; hot and cold water.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2< Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks, 113 Third— A -rood rooming house
for good people R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD. 3C3— Housekeeping rooms, 32 par week:
al-0 single rooms for mom.
: TURK. 801— Nice sunny room; bath: private :
family; reference: I*.
—--—-----——-——-———--——-————-———_-________—_____
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$3 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, boughtTsotd;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 43
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
r-Ir'.rig at lowest ntw. yT»S Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMlTTL~prcpu7 {
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. CIA7 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
' Of-ce. 101 P^st. ccr. Pcwell; tel. Main 5713.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
SACRIFICED— 4 elegant new houses In course
cf construction on 23d St.. bet. Grove and
West; all modem improvements: street work,
sidewalks done: small payment down; balance
monthly if desired; houses open for inspection
10 to - Sundays. J. n. SIMPSON. 515 20th.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. JIJ 3d st.
NICE private home in confinement: most rea-
sonable price In city. Mrs. M Pfelffer. mid-
wife, 2012 Foiscm. nr Wth: phone White 1344. ■
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made: !
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rccms 9-13: tet. 5523.
— — — — ■ 1
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GRAND real estate auction sale of several
choice houses and lets: also I chicken ranch;
Alameda. Oaltland and -.r-.-i-st: sale Sat-
urday, Oct. 21. at 2 p. m. Do not li l to
attend this sale, as rccst of the places are
to be sold br enter of the court- Particulars
in next week's papers. Send for illustrated
catalogue. Sale at J. A. MT'N'Rfi & CO.. Auc-
tlon Hon. a. 1317 and 1513 Park st_ Alameda.
ALA3IEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 141« .th. |
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1599.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS \.
:
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FINE level lot handy to trains. schools, etc. !
tat solo cheap en easy terms try O. G. MAY
A CO.. Berkeley, sole agents for Shattuck 1
Tract.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly '
Call, 1. pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for St,
postage paid.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent, in deslrabTe location, house cf nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
etabls. chicken-house and large yard: con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J. R. LITTLE. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
H7OD— A GENUINE snap; located in Al neigh-
borhood, close to schools and electric ran; I-
rocm house: let 40x125: here's a chance to
buy ft heme that cost $2500: investigate tt. J.
? MYERS. Wa Broadway. Oakland. *"
$3100— "SSOO LESS than ccst to build," for a
brand-new house, a rooms, bath, fine base-
ment; a minutes to local trains; excellent lo-
cation; all conveniences that skill could ar- !
tlstically arrange for comfort: to see lt Is to
buy. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oa_ land.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOME residence. 3 rcoms. bath, bam; 583
24th. Inquire R. Franke. 1822 Grove: rent low.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE
AN introduction to you from _ Schetlhaas. the .
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. .
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 73 <23c per
share) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY will be payabi* at the
office of the company. 327 Market street, en
and after FRIDAY October 20. 1333. Trans-
fer' books will cicse on Saturday, October 14.
li'. 1 -. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 3 (25c per
share) of the KILAUEA SUGAR PLANTA-
TION COMPANY, will be payable at the
office cf the company. 327 Market st., on
and after MONDAY, October 1«. IS'.)3. Trans-
fer books will close on TUESDAY, October
10, ISS9. it 3 o'clock p. ra.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, r-iom 223. Crccker buildinsr. San Fr_n-
cisco. Cal.. October 6. IS33 — Coupon due Oc-
tober 12. IS3-. from first Mortgage six <5)
per cent bonds of Sierra Railway Company cf
California will Be paid at the fiscal agency j
of this company, the Crocker-Woolworth N'i- j
tlcna! Ea.- on and after that date.
S. P. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county j
of San Francisco. State of California. In the
matter of WESTERN REET SUGAR COM- i
Pan a corporation, upon Its application for
a judgment of dissolution. Notice — Notice Is
hereby giver, that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under ar.d by virtue cf the laws of the
State cf California, and having Its office and
plate cf business In the city and county of
San Francisco. State cf California, h.is filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court ot the city ana county of San
Francisco, State of California, prayimr for
a .-dement of dissolution of «ahl corporation,
and that MONDAY. November 13. 1339. at 10
o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of ??^I court, ;
Department No. 2. in the City Ha„ of the
Ctty and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day. time and place for the
hearing of 3aid application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official ?ea! of said Su-
perior Court this Wth day cf October. 1539.
WM. A. DEANS. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
■Seal.]
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of Commi«sary Quartermaster, V_ _-
couver ... Washington, Oct. 7. 1??3.—
Sealed prcpo^ais in duplicate will be received
and Sled at the depot quartermaster's of-
fice. Phelan building. San Francisco. Cal..
by 11 o'clock a. m.. October 12. 1333, for fur-
----- S6Q--660 pounds of good merchantable
cats: contract subject to Increase or decrease
cf 20 per cent; delivery to be made within
twenty days after award at Portland.
Or-gon. United States reserves right to re-
ject or accept any cr all proposal's or any
part thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
Should be marked "Proposals for forage." and
addressed to undersigned. J. W. JACOBS,
Chief Quartermaster.
EIRTSS—MARRIACtES— DEATHS. :
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
ro-il will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the oublicatlon offices and be
indorsed' with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
BRAT— In Murphys. Calavera3 County. Cal..
Sv] tei-ibr 24. 1.39, to the wife of Nelson II
Pray, a daughter.
G'-'TTSCHALK— In this city. September 30. !
IS9-, to the wife of Emil K. GottscJj-I— a I
son.
OLTMANN— In this city. October 3. B». to the I
wife of Edwin H. Oltman n, a son.
REISCHACH— Tn Alameda, October 10. m, to
the wife of Baron Carl yon Reischach. a son.
TECHLENBURG— In this city, October 10. 1i33,
to the wife of August Techlenburg, a son.
= — ---=
MABBIZD.
ADLER— STELZEL— In this city, October 8. '
1534, by the Rev. J. G. Mangold. Charles D. :
Adler and Marie Stelxel.
WHITE— KNIGHT— In this city. October 4
liM. by the P_cv. Frank I. Wheat. Henry
White of San Francisco and Lena Knight cf
Woc_s.de.
DIED.
Aull. Charles McAuliffe. Francis J.
Bacon. Frederick '.. McCarthy. Maurice J.
Colton, Abbie L Martin, Walter W.
Davis. Mrs. Tlllle Mellen. Ruth M.
Denny. John J. Morgan, Jem L.
E_»?an. John - Miller. Annie
Finegan. Daniel Myers. Wliltam L.
Ford. Margaret Oberg. Axel
Graham. Julia Oltmana (Infant)
Guenln. Eteo— Ore . . rk. Thomas F.
H;gan. Cha rles P.. Rock. Thomas
Huston. Gertrude Sha ughnsssy, Martin
Jurgens. Carolina Stlverst_!n. Hannah
Lone. Patrick Simons. Flora. M.
AULL— In Folsom. October 3. 1333, Charles
Aull. a native of Missouri, aged 50 years.
E?" Funeral from the Folsom prison this
day (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock.
BACON— In this city. October 3, 1_39. Fred-
erick Lester, ----- of F. 1. and Ma.—-
A. E—con. a native of San Francisco, ased
1J years 11 months and 2S '. _ys.
COLTON— In this city, October 9. 1833, Abtrt-
L. Colton. a native of New Albany. Ir.d.
Friends are respectfully Invited to at- !
tend the funeral this day "^"-.lr.es.Lav). at |
I o'clock, frcm the parlors of a. W. Martin !
& Co.. 113 Geary street. Interment private, '
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DAVIS— In the City and County Hospital. Oc-
tober '. IMS, Mrs. TUOo Davis, a native of
Michigan, aged 34 years I month and 3 days.
DENNY— this city. October 10. 1333, John J.,
beloved son of the late Jobs i.- 1 Elizabeth
Denny, brother of M_.-r.ie Donxqr, Mr., N.
Thornton and the late Thomas Denny, and \
r.ephe-w of Mrs. Ellen Phillips, a native of i
New York City, aged 37 years and 7 months.
EAGAN— In this city. October 10. 1539, John.
beloved husband of Hanora Eagan. a native
of County Roscommon. Ireland, aged 57 years.
CThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 3:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, U2'j> Folsom street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, ■
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FINEGAN— In this city, October 10, 1539, Dan- ;
ieL '-"-• husband of Bridget Flno-
gan. father of William. Thomas and Mary
Flaegan and Mrs. William Colbert, _-,]
brcth-r of Mrs. John Roach, a native of
r__n J County Galway, Ireland, aged 70 years '
CTFrlends and acquaintances ire respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 3:30 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence. 273 Lexington avenue, thence to Mis-
sion Dolor»s Church, where a solemn requiem
_____ will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencinif at 3 o'clock. Interment
Mount C— lv_ ry Cemetery.
FORD— Deeply regretted. In this city. Octobe-
3. 1539, after a long illness, Margaret, -wife ''
of H. J. Ford, a native of Edinburgh. Scot- 1
land. . / .;'
__rFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO., ~
(Successors ta Flannagan & Gallagher.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND .-MBALMHKa,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
■_•;-,. Telephone South S.o.
N. F. Dethlefsen. Chas. H. Jacob
CHAS. H. JACOBS- CO.,
Funeral Directors and Embalmer*. «s
Mason street bet. Geary .nd o'F_r-ell
streets. Telephone Main 5213 U£af - eU
McAVOY _fc CO., I
PUT-" DIRECTORS A EMBALMERS, 1
1233 Market St.. between Ith and Sth. J
Telephone So-th .-47. - |
this day (Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, at the
residence, 2SO6D Pice street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemi.tery. Please omit flowers. -
3R._H._M- In this city, October 10, I__9, Julia,
widow of the late Martin Graham, and
mother cf Agnes Graham, a native of Glcun-
thane. M:Ti_treet. County Cork, Ireland, aged
47 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter Remains
at the paxicrs of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street.
GUENIN— In this city, October 7, 1399. Eleo-
nore Guenin. beloved mother of Alice Guesin,
and aunt of 3lr. and Mrs. Raymond Fos. a
native cf France. a_ed 64 years and 10
months.
s_7* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1510 Dupont street, thence to the
French Church of Notre Dame dcs Victoires,
where services will be held, commencing at
2:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
HOGAN— In this city, October 13. 1539. Charles
Raymond, beloved «■-- of Captain Charles J.
and Bertha P. Hogan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, agred 1 year and 3 months.
B—TFrte— da and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 107S Tennessee street, near Twenty-
second. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HUSTON— In the City and County Hc-pttal.
October 9. 1539. Gertrude Huston,' a native of
Germany, a_red 33 years.
JURGENS— In this city. October 5, 1599, Caro-
lina, dearly beloved wife of R. D. Jurgens.
mother cf Mrs. Henry Hartje. Richard Jr.
and Lena Jurgens, daughter cf Henry anil the
late Dora Howekamn, ant sister of Mrs. F.
Boese. Mrs. W. H. Tiegeler. Mrs. H. Luhrlng
and the late Henry and Fired Howekamp, a
native of Hanover, Germany, aged 52 years 10
months and 10 days. A member of St. Paulus
Frauen Verein.
C-TFrtonda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the finer— l this day
(Wednesday), at 12:20 o'clock, from her late
residence. 512 Grove street, between Octavia
and Lacuna, thence to "St. Paulus German
Evangelical Lutheran Church, corner. Eddy
and Geusrh streets, where funeral services
will be held commencing at 1 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LANE— In the City and County Hospital. Oc-
tober 10, tss9, Patrick Lane, a native of Ire-
land, aged 2S years.
MoAULIFFE— In this city. October i. 1539.
Francis Joseph, beloved son of Eugene and
Mary MoAuliff*. and brother cf John. Joseph,
I>-mir.ick. Ignatius and Mich— el McAuliffe
and Mrs. P.. Dresnan. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged Z:'. years 9 months and 3 days. "
!I_?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday!, at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, corner of Twentieth and Hampshire
streets, thence to St. Peter's Church. Twenty-
fourth and Alabama streets, where a solemn
requiem hi^h mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 3_Q o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MoCARTHY-In this city. October ft _•_, Mau-
rice J., beloved son of John D. and Mary Mc-
Carthy, and brother of Dennis and Mary Mi-
Carthy, Julia McDermott and Mrs. R. Wed-
d'e. a. native of Scarthaslen. County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 30 years.
__7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this -lay
■ Wednesday)', a: S:3O o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor A Co., 737 Mission street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for services
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
MAP-TIN— In Windsor, Sonoma County, Octo-
ber 10. 1399, Walter W., beloved husband of
Rose Martin, sen of C. S. and Marie E. Mar-
tin, and brother of Gus. Julius and Lenora
Martin, a native of Illinois, aged 27 years 3
nr-nths and . days.
MFLLEN— In this city, October 10. 1399. Rurh
Margaret, beloved daughter of Charles and
Nellie Mellsn. a native of San Francis
ased 3 years S months and 24 days.
MILLER— In thla city. October 9, 1599, Annie,
dearly beloved wife of William Miller, and
mother cf Ella. Frank TV" and Herbert E.
Miller and Mrs. Marie Rybersr, a native of
Rochester. N. V.. aged 39 years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 110 B-wworth street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery by carri— ge. -
MORGAN— In Baden. San Mateo County, Oc-
tober 10, 1-59. Jem I dearly beloved son of
Hiram H. and Margaret L. Monran, a na-
tive of OakvUle. Napa County, Cal., aged 10
years 6 months and 3 days.
MYERS— In this city. October 10. L«99. Wil-
liam L Myers, beloved father of Ruth My-
ers a native of lowa, aged 41 years.
OBERG— In this cltv. October 10. 1599, Axel
i">berg. a native of Sweden, axed 37 years.
OLTMANN— In this city, October 9, 1399. In-
fant child of Edw-.n H. and Lura Oltmann.
a native of San Francisco.
QUIRK— In the City and County Hospital, Oc-
tober 10. 1.39. Thomas Francis Quirk, a na-
tive of California, aged 30 years.
ROCK— In this city. October 9. 1,99. Thomas.
beloved husband of Hannah Rock, a native of
Louisville, Ky., a;red 27 years.
SHAUGHNESSY— In this city. October 10, 1«r.9,
Martin, beloved son of Martin and Ann
Shaughnessy. ani brother of Michael. John.
Jogeph. George apd Willie Shaughnessy and
Mrs. John Mullen, a native of San Francisco,
a^red 22 years 3 months' and 4 days.
I_J* Notice of funeral hereafter.
SILVERSTETN— In this city. October 9, 1*39,
Hannah, beloved wife of Morris Stlverstetn.
mother of. Phthp and Lewis Silverstein,
daughter of Alvin— Borowsky, and sister of
Jenny. Tlllie. Gussie. Julia and Rae Borow-
sky. a native of Placerville, ajjed 39 years.
5_7 Friends an.i acquaintances are respect-
fully invited w'artend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:13 o'clock, from the family
residence. i;TO_ Laguna street, thence by U:2l)
o'clock train. Third and Townsend streets.
tn Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
SIMONS— In this city. October 10. 1539. Flora
Mayfield Simons, beloved wife of Adolph M.
S!mi>ns. mother of George and Lloyd Simons,
daughter of Mr.' and Mrs. Abraham MayfleM.
and sister cf Mrs. L. M. Kaiser and Max
Mayf.eld, a native of San Francisco, aged 215
years and .' days. (Bois_, Idaho, papers
plea. se copy.)
C_rThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister, Mrs. L. M. Kai3er. 1620 Mc-
Allister street. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets.
TO the many friends whose tender ministra-
tions have lightened our sorrows during the
sickness and since the death of my husband.
James Henry McCarthy. I tender my heart-
felt thanks. CATHERINE McCARTHY.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
L Gerlach, Stockton !M Johnson. Wash
HTV Weaver. Stockton! A Reardorf. Butte
j R GeorgesO— , Eureka Dr & Mrs Gardner Cal
J C Dornln. Tacoma A Levi &w. S Diego
M Pomroy, S Jose T A Earle. S Diego
Mrs C W Green Boston W W Douglass. Sacto
T H Stuart. X City Ij A Mclntire. Sacto
A T Sobroer_W, Cat [C G Perkins & w. CaJ
iv A Crowe—; Auburn Mrs J W Forgens. Cal
W T Steohervson. Cal .Miss J rgeno, 7al
J J Stephenson. Cal IF P Lane. Minn
B Macdcnaid. Palo Alto WrsWW Dane!. Ml- .
H Howard, Stkr.on -"' R Ingllsh. Var/vtlle
U L -eob-n, Ffa-ce'T-.g i L s-cOauley. N T
R T Str_ng_,S Lorengo I L Pendleton Sc w.Cal
D Hollister. Courtland-5 S Peck, Hllo
P McKenna. 8 Mateo (I S Durst. --'and
W W Atkinson. C S 3 'A Thornton N Hope
Pathfinder |& M Cottrell. Westerly
L Katz. Sutter Creek W L Rodman Wick CS
A C Beck ft w, Oaklnd ' E ElIl«or.. F Wayne
B F Wether! y. Boston li A Edwards-few. Cal
J B Richardson. Sulsun I? A Dora. S 3 O
E TM Billings. Suisun p E Hale. Los Ang
N W Thompson. "a, F W Byrant Los Ang
R A Poppe. Sonoma ,11 S Fletcher. -"a.
TV C Barth. Corona A Davis. Mont
C A Shuttack, Fresco 5 TV Crystal Vaca'vlle
P S Car Oxnard ,W H Hodskln, Fresno
C Ambler _ w, Gran's * M C-arrett. Frankfort
I W Hnlman, Portland D H McEwen. CaJ
Dr A L Tlbbetts, Cat H C Clark. Yuba City
V." G Hoffman. Vaca'lls Z W Silver. Chicago
C Monroe. Lakeport p a Rockwell. Roch'ter
F F Dr'ggs, Wash . F Q Stemrn, Benicia
fi. Southern. Wash .'D TV Ravenscroft. Cal
I J Charlton. Wash '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
r*T__h_u, Ireland [E Bowker. Ohio
r V Quinn. Missouri IE Means, lowa
M C M■■ k. Chicago. J Sharmek. Ohio
3 Relnhart. Chicago R Fellenstein. Ohio
I Drowder. Chicago \W Bergman. Ohio
_ Morris. Ohio ;0 Baker. Ohio .
L G'xxisiin. Indiana |8 Sawtrson. L Ang
Z) Parra, Chicago |W G Ccmpton, L Ang
A J Parra, Chicago P. August, New York
O Simpson. Manila ;G W Trice, San too*
W BothweQ. Manila T J Kane, Philadelphia
J H Sousley. St Louts I C Fuzell. Tennessee
VV M Cook. St Louis ;J Henley. Tennessee
VV Palmer, St Louts iB Schwartz. Ohio
3 Graef. St Louis F M Laird. Ohio
F H Norman. L Anr P Rauscher. New York
3 Wright. Ohio |J S Crocker. Ohio
F C Start— — ant, Ohio J B Crocker. Ohio
PG'Ke-fe. Ohio l
PALACE HOTEL,
G X Patterson. NT !F J Graham. Sa Jose
E T Gall. Sacto [D Caul. Los Ang
N T Arn3ter. Boston [C E Mclvor. Cal
C E Wagard i w. Mo P. T Wheeler. Stockton
J W Vail. Chicago |J W Powell. Manila
J Com Vacaville ;H M Ticknor. Boston
H EIII3. Vacaville N Bowie, USA
J Smith. Spokane J G Rlghter Jr. USA
P C Curtis & er, Troy ! J B Grlmwood. Cal
R E Hyde. Visalia Mrs E'W Rosy Cal
Mrs W F Linen. Term jltlss Alvord. Cal
H H Knap" Napa E H Mote ft w. Cal .
Major Beton, USA J E Boyer. I'SV
E S Churchill ft w. CM L Emery Jr. Pa
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Dora Rosner (wife of E. M. by E. B. Pond
and'H. C Campbell, trustees) to San Francisco
__.vln__ Union. 1533 d. 253. NE corner of Fifth
-venue and D street. E __.:«. N 135. TV 97.6. N
142 SW 233. S 54:5. trustees' deed; $1230.
John B. and Almeda S. Gonycau -- American
a urety Company of New York, lot on W line of
Seventh avenue, M-_ S of I street. S 37:8 by TV
120- $10
Salomon and Dora Getz to Edwin and Ettle
A Tompkins, lot on E line of Twelfth avenue,
17- N of J street. N .' by W 125; Jifl. .
Karl and Malvlna Engelberg to Nora
O'Rourke. lot on. 3 line of Costa street. 70 TV
of Holllday avenue. W 25 by S 70. lot 12. Gift
Map 3; I3CO.
Edgr_r L. Hoag to J. R. Howell, lota 3, * and
32. block 8. Mission and Thirtieth Streets Ex
tension Homestead Union; $10. . -. ,
Thomas Butler to American Surety Company
of New York, lot on NW corner of Munich and
Russia avenues. X 150 by W 1-0. lot a. block U.
Excelsior Homestead; JlO.
Alameda County.
Thomas E. and Charlotte J. Hanson to Henry
7. Jones, lot en NE line of Glen avenue. 703.0S
SE of Short street, E__ 113...0. NE 1C3.7Q. NW
105.03, SW 110.255. to beginning, being portion of
lot 11, Bond Tract. Brooklyn Township; JTA
John S. and Clara C. Matthews to Thomas E.
Hanson, tot 14, except 3. strip 12:5 in width in
full length off NW portion thereof, being por
tion of Bond Tract, Brooklyn Township: .400.
William and Ellen Affleck to Helen Warren.
lot on NE line of Maple street, 163.30 SE of
Baker avenue. SE 73 by NE 130. being lots 3,
10 and IL Santa > Tract. Brooklyn Township;
JlO.
Felix and Delflna MArcuse to Frank N. Eck
ley, lot on NE comer of Pacific avenue and
Bay street. E 23 by N US, Alameda: st
John WT~- Devereaux to J. E. Dover cr, lot
en NW comer of Thcrne street and Humboldt
avenue, W 108. N 50. E 121. S to beginning,
being lots 1 and J. block C, on map of re
subdivision blocks a to F. Roberts and Wolf
skill Tract. Map 2, Oakland; JlO.
Builders' Contracts.
Henry Boldi (owner) with L. B. _P j ~ no aa
(contractor), architect-H. Gellfuss — Excavating,
brick, carpenter and mill work, tinning and
plastering for a two-story frame budding .(two
flats), with rough basement, on E line of Capp
street, 73 S of Nineteenth. 5 25 by E 37:3; total.
J3175.
L. M Ryland (owner) with AC Soule (con
tractor), architects Mahoney & Ryland— All
work for a three-story frame building »six fiats)
on NW corner of Palk street and Ash avenue,
N 50 by W SO: total. J12.350.
George L. and Margarej: Powleson (owners)
with William Miller (contractor), plans by
owners — Carpenter, plumbing (all work) for a
one-story attic and basement frame dwelling on
FT.-- of Eureka street, 149 N of Eighteenth,
24: -1x125: total. Jl3„.
Thomas Ford (owner) with P. Griffin (con
tractor), architect Thomas J. Welsh — Alt work:
for a two-story frame building with basement
on a brick foundation, on W line of Steiner
street. 100 N of Eddy. W 80 by N 23. W. A. 35.:
total. $2373.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page 10.
:he city front Qfission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
:he height cf tide Is the same at both places. '
WEDx-r-tnAT nrmriFTi. 11
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
iay in the order of occurrenc* as to time. Tha
=econd time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last cr right hand column gives the
la«t tide fo the day, except who there ar» but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
gives are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus si*n ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number sriven ts subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The piane of
r*f»rpr,v f- .-, — ,_ nf -. -V-- T '-_ ' writer*.
— — -»
I Steamer Movements.
i
*— — — *
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL
'» " ' 4.
Shipping Intelligence.
•■ ' ♦
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, October 10.
Stmr ■---' i. Houdlette, 3 days 13 hours
from Honolulu.
Er ■Crt Robert Adamsca, Morgan, 104 hours
frcm Nanalmo.
Br stmr Tartar. Pybus, 37^_ days from Ma
nila, via Hongkong and Yokohama 17 days.
Stmr George Loomts, Bridgett. 33 hours from.
Ventura.
Stmr Aberdeen, Peterson. 13 hours from Port
land.
Stmr Tillamook, Ar^.-i"!:, 13 hours from
Albion.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 85 hours from
I Cosmero-lis.
Ship Santa Clara, Lindherg, 13 days from
Karluk.
Bark term LB i. Pearson. 11 days from S«-
I attle.
Bktn Northwest. Lund. 9 days from Tacoma.
Bktn Catherine Sudden. Ehrenx. 13 days from
Port Hadlock. /
Bktn Planter. McNeill. 23 days from Hono
| lulu.
I Schr -stern Home. Daerwita, 4 day. from
j Coos Bay.
\ Schr John O North. Austin. 23 days from
I Honolpu.
Schr Repeat, Olsen. - days from Wlllapa
Harbor.
Schr Barbara Hemster. Anflndsen. 19 hours
from Fort Bragg.
Schr Daisy Ro-we. Wluson. SO hours from
Coos 'a'-.
-''.-- Olsen. 13 hours from Caspar.
S-^hr Sequoia, Thwins. 54 hours from San
Pedro.
S>.-hr Albion. Goodmansen, 00 hours from Co
quille River.
Schr J Eppinger, Colstrup. 14 hours from
! Bower.. Lar.-ir.g
CLEARED.
Tuesday, October 10.
Strnr Orizaba, Nicolson. San Pedro: Goodall,
Perkins & <"o.
Fr bark Duguesclln. Dejoie, Queenstowa; J
Eppinger _ Co. -
SAILED.
Tuesday. October 10.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck. Portlar.it .
Stmr Sleone. Hig^ins. Caspar.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson. Portland.
Stmr Noyo, Hansen. Fort Bragg
Stmr Bonlta. Buckard. southern coast.
Schr Mary C. Madsen. Fort Ross.
Schr Nettie Low. Low, Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 10. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 2S miles.
SPOKEN.
Aug _-, no lat, too 24 W— Br ship Oodorla,
- frcm Shields, for San Francisco.
Sept , tat 23 S. lon a W— Br bark Mus
aeicrag. from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Sept 12, lat 14 S, lon 36 W— Fr bark Cassard.
from. Swanse— , for San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Aberdeen — Oct 3, 3 p m. 10 miles
N"tv of Paint Reyes, had a heavy NNW gale
and mountainous seas, which broke the deck
lashinss. c__slng- loss of part of deck load.
Also carried away mainmast.
KSSC_X_-kN-XXIB.
' Bktn Uncle John, from Honolulu, for Puget
. Sound, went ashore Saturday nlj-ht S miles
westward of Carmanah lighthouse. Crew safe
:on beach. Vessel probably total -ss.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE- Oct 10— Schr Cornet,
from Port Ludlow: oehr W F WI— m_ M_ ta from
Port Townsend.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct 10— Bktn Skagit,
f for Honolulu.
EVERETT— Arrived Oct 13— Schr Laura May.
I from Port T-Waa ■
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 3— Bark Levi Q Bur
gess, fcr San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct a— Schr John
F Miller and Ida McKay, hence Sept 27.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 3— Stmr Areata, hnc
: Oct «-
ROCKPORT— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Scotia,
hence Oct 8. ...
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Oct 10— Schr Rob
' crt Lewers, from Port Bl— keley.
1 RED»"jNDO— Arrived Oct 10— Schr Jennie Stel
la, from Grays Harbor.
I EUREKA— Arrived Oct U—Stmr Weectt. hnc
Oct 5. stmr Same— . hence Oct S; schr Mary
Bnhce, hence Sept 29: schr Laura Pike, hence
Sept 23.
Sailed Oct 10— Schr Fortaaa, for San Fran
ctseo: schr J G Wall, for San Francisco; stmr
North Fork, for San Francisco; schr Lille
fc<nr.-", for San Pedro.
' SALMON BAY— Arrived Oct 10— Bktn John
Smith, from Seattle.
ASTORH.— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr St.its _ Cali
fornia, for Saa Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct Strr.r
1
'. Sailed Oct 10— Br bark lavemue, for Port-
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Indiana, for
Saa Francisco.
HlOGO— Arrived prior Oct S— Br stmr Car
lisle City, from -...1 Diego.
VALPARAISO— Arri veil Aug I— Chit ship
Temueo. from Port keley.
QUE3NSTOWN— SaiIed Oct 7— Br ship Bren
d,-.. for Tyne.
YOKOHAMA— Oct 7— Br stmr Em
press of Juraa. for Vancouver.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Oct 3— Stmr Colon, for
Panama.
HOXGKONG— SaiIed Oct 3— Stmr China, for
San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior Oct 10— Br ____
Lancing, hence Au_ 10.
Sailed Oct 10— Br stmr Mlo-wera, for Van
couver. . --.'•
LIMERICK—Arrived Oct 10— ship Mare
chal Suchet, from Oregon. __
HIT.- Arrived Sept 25— Bark Amy Turner,
he-c* Sert 7. •
Sailed Oct 2— Haw bark Falls cf Clyde, for
San Frar.risco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 3— U 3 stmr Grant.
- •
Sailed Oct 2— U 3 stmr Irooruots. for cruise:
stmr City of Peking, tor San Francisco. Oct
3— Haw stmr Artec, for Manila: ship Charmer,
for Departure Bay; «•-. - Jessie Minor, for Eu
reka.
K_\H___l — Arrived Sept »-_-*» Mary
Dcdsre. from Eureka. -.»■:-..'....-
Sailed Sept 30— Schr Mary Dodge, for T_ihei.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Kaiser
WnnelTi IL from ■-.'..- _ for Naples and
Genoa.
SYDNEY, NSW— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Mlo
w?ra. for Vancouver.
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct B— Stmr . - Hand.
from New York.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Oct 10— Etmr Rotter
dam, frcm New Tcrk . tor Rotterdam.
BREMEN— Arrived Oct -BK-q Oldenburg.
from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 10— Stair State of
Nebraska, from Glasgow; stmr Westernland,
from Antwerp.
Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Servia, for Liverpool;
stmr Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse. for Bremen.
via Cherbourg and Southampton; stmr Cevic,
for Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Oct tl — Stmr
T^h- f-r. ,i— V-T,- V.-.-k f_-- T3-_m«n
: : ' — — -
OCEAN TBAVEX.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
fi^- Steamers leave Broadway
'_^I9^_- wharf. San Francisco.
I _____E_fei— . cr Alaskan ports. iO a.m-.
Ir^rS^'-* ° ct - 3 - s> 13, v - a - 2S: N *' r, "
J 18. K.34?_is* 2, change at Seattle.
I siy_£ -i Wl For Vlct-rta, Vancouver
___i I»l (B. C.)„ Fort Townsend. Se-
| w sKj[ti-__."i attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes _nd New Whatcom
" (Wash), IT- a. m.. Oct. 3. b,
12. 13, 23, 23: Nov. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry-; a '- Van-
couver to C. P. Ry. __,. __,
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. n_. Oct
6. 11. 16. 21. 2S. 31; Nov. 5 and every __tB
da- thereafter.
Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
rayricos. Port Harford (San Luis -»po>.
Gaviota Santa Barbara. Ventura. — leme.
Cl - __.»— East San P.dro 'Les Anireles) * " 1
Newport. 9 a. m.. Oct. 3. 7. 11. 13. t». 23. 27. 31:
Nov 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
* For 'San Dieiro. .topping it Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
_,->« 4^e»le' aid Redondo <Los Anseles). 11 a.
m-7 Oct. 5, 9. 13, U. _L 25, 23; Nov. •. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For En=enada. Magdalena Bay, Fan Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia -rd Guaymas (Men.). 10 _ m.. .th of each
For farther Information obtain a -i_r
Tbe como-iny reserve" the risbt to chan?"
without previous notice steamers, sailing date?"
_- j Jirmr- of f^ninar.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
•t-Mt 'Pnlace Hotel).
GOOD ALL. PFRKTNS * CO.. ''•• , 4"•
tn Mirk»t «t.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAM" TO
_po_E^T_i__A._?srir)
Pr--, isr^.-j^-street Whar" at II a. r».
Fine Sl2 First Clas* laclu-lng Berth
rtilt S8 Second Class ?-nd Meals.
CTA.TE OF CALIFORNLV sails. ...Oct. 3. 13, 25
COLUMBIA sails .^.- ■■■ '-. ct -
=hor* --■--.'" tpokane. B;_t.e.
H-i?-a and all points in the Northwest.
Tb-rough. tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. Genera. A_ent.
S3O Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOSS. ?C_TZAK?T:N-. EMMS, PA2H.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
Fr^m New York Every Wednesday. M a. tn.
Pt ril Oct. 13! St Paul Nov. 3
New York Oct. 25 j New Tori Nov. ._
St. Louis ... Nov. tISt Louis Nov. 22
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antw.r..
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
"Westernland ...Oct. IS! Frlesland Nov. 3
Kensington Oct. V, Southwark Nov. 13
Nordland Nov. 1 Westernland ...Nov. 22
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mi-hasl. Dawson City.
For fall information regarding freight and
passape apply to
INTERNATIONAL- NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. cr any of Its agencies.
CO-TPA-^iS SSHESiLS THA3SATI__.Tiq-_!.
DIRE LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -_-ca_.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <s=S^-*
Saturday. from November 2. ISO 9. ... _■_". _i ■
1;) a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21; LA
BRETAGNE. Oct. 2S: LA TOURAINE. Nov.
_■ LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE Nov. IS: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. -' : LA
TOURAINE. Nov. 30; LA BRETAGNE. Dec. 7.
First-class to Havre. S<M and upward: 5 per
cent reduction on round trio. Second -cLass to
jj\,~- c J4J- 5 p.»r cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson build-
Irur). New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pa-
cific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery .-• . San
Francisco.
TOYOIISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Ko.be (Hio__), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on hoard on day
cf sailing.
AMERICA-MARU Saturday October 14
HONGKONG-MARU. .Wednesday, November i
NIPPON-MARU Saturday. November 25
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PfPHfiHH The s - S- Australia
9__!__ii__ saJla fr Honolulu
fi""*^ Wednesday. October
13, at 2 p. m.
.u< _•_ A 3. S." M-ana aalls
iMnKniD'-' vla Honolulu and
lUjCilt-tiiU Auckland for Sydney
-. _,_. - _,_- Round World, via HawalL
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Suez,
England, etc.; J5lO first class.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Acts., 14 Mcnt.-mer]
Pier 7. foot Pacific St FrehtMOWee ■»_" M-irs.* SL
BAY AND EIVES STEAMZBS.
FOR U. S. HAYY-YARO AMD VALLEJO.
'".= '.. Steamer "Monticeno."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. as 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:20; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 4
p. m. Landing and offlce. Mlsst.n-street Dock,
Pier No. '.. Telephone Main 15QS.
FARE 50c
SATLBOAI. TBAVI_I_
.W-vRfiTPAG^ WAST IMJQftI.
Via Saasalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. I__3.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. .
WEEK DAYS— *7:CO. •3:30, 11. .0 a. m. ; "HiS.
•3:40, 5:13, «:CO, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesday! and Saturdays
at SrCO and '.'.-. p. m.
SUNDAYS— *3:OO. '10:00. 11:10 a. __; •i-t_.
3:15. »4:_;. 6:30. 9:00 p. m. "^
Trains marked '•> run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS— 3:2S. »«-3. 7:43. "9:40 a m"•
•12:30. 15. *3:40, •5:1.. p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— -:-.. "8:00. •id:*., 11:45 a, m. ■
•1:40, *3:15. 4:45. *.:30 p. m.
Tralna marked (*) start from Saa Quentia.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:43. 6:45. 7:55. 3:43 a. __"•
12:35. 2:33. 3:43, 5:20 p. __
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00? and 10.20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— s:OS. 10:05 a. m.; _1.5. 2:15, 1:30,
s:£o, 6:45 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:00 a. ex. week days — Cazadero and way stations.
3:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and —ay stations.
S :-0 a. m. Sundays— and way stations.
__ATTiiEOA-3 T___.Vi__,
<>«i i;> runic €0-_J»A-«_-
(e..< ■;. -TSE-W*.) : . ; 'J.;'
Train* le»»«- »-ii«J are «h« to »rrl»e at
•» _> tl'. «.>« I«*ti>.
(Main Line. Foot of ilarket Streei.)
lsavi — F_o— : O-TOBSii 2, 133-. — a__ m
■ 4 ■
«7:OOa BeiihJa, 3— _n_Q , -. . Sa_ __ento ■_■_•»
•7 :«»" . M_rja»iUe, OroTille ami R-duicg fia
Wo«il__i •-S.-4-.?
•T:»'i Elmira, Vacaviiie and Ramsey ■«__♦-
•7:_-o_ Mirtin-s, Sail ll..nicn.V_U_io. Napa,
e'aliatoeaa-ilSun-- R_s. . »«:l-r
•«:«lO* Attaut— _ipr».»B. Ogdeo and liaat.. 'J-.i-i
•a::; l . Sau Joae. LiTerniore, .Srocittfiii.
lone. S_cr_m._to. Pia-trvilia, .
Marysville. Chieo, 1.c.1 Bluf. «4:l^P
•a : A "Milton, Oak— >:e and K0n0ta....... *_-»«*
*9:«« » Hay— —nTs, Niirs and Way Stations. # J I :-.■».
•_:<»•; i Mirtinex, Tncy, I^tbrcp, Stockton-
Merc-"di_>l i-'r-^--.i>. •i«.!sf
•-:«»» . Freano, t-akentteUi, Santa !>*rbai_-
__H Aiig-les. Demin_, El P_i o.
New Orlr.-a.-ia and East. . *S._.t{>
•l«:«o. Vail- .-j". Mar Un ea and T7ay Stations -T.l?
•Il:«». H-rwaris. Niles and Way Stations. _: *.-.!•
*lii:oo_i NU'-s. I_?er_cre, Stockton. Sacra-
mento, Mendota, IL— iford, Visalia,
P_rt.*.-.1.e M 1*1"
♦l:OOp Sacra-scots IT'ner Steamers f»;IK) ?
•3:<><- Hay— _rd.H, Niiea and Way Stations. '>:4.^P
•A-D«- llarttß.-, Han {___tow, Valieio,
Nari-a. Calittotf*. Sauta Rosa, ... *-:!-_
•4:<M> • B<-nicia, Vaca'ilie, KacraiuentOi
Tfoo4__a_, Kmglita Landing, -
U arysville, Ornfiile •1.1.4.4
•4s3<>y Niles. San Jew and Stockton »7:IjF
•SrOOpTlie O -I Lin-ite-L Tracy. Fresno. .
B_k_r3_el<.'. -aupis for Santa Ear-
bar.*, L«:a Ans^lci" *»-_»_,
•,.i3or SSocktoßJ, -tereett, t'r~!iio 'la-ISF
•s::n>. MarUiiies:, 'Ti-cy. M-odota, Fraaao.
Ji..jar. ai-,1 .H>a Annies »-.4..A
•3:3«r Santa VtVlLmle. At— — Uc it .-.aa
for Jtojare an<l. Cast — *S:lr.|<
•tS:0«l C__e-go-_»_ Fr__C!aco Special. I •(. .
__._£-) Raat •_#•»
•-:o<>-> Ha7waris, _\ lies and San Jcae *7: . > v
+«:«•) Vail-jo . •I-:ls_
J7:ol>r Vallejo, rorS Costa and Way SU-
tioua ;3:.V.fi
•SsOSp Oc-iroa ExpreaSk— uastmen^ Marys- .
' Tills. I:i..J-.rfii-,- t*m-.!ni!-J, T*:ic.i -'
5,,.v,.1 ai-l E.i^t ; --Mil,
' COAST lit VISION .; Narrow ...
(Foot nt_l:ir!tc:li Street) ■
•■sll la Newa. __t__nß_«--iJ« lhJobb, F-ltoo,
Eonkier Cr?ek, Santa Cruz and Wa7
Stations ■B-88-i
t-:l-'-? N.wark, Cer.terviTl;'. r__jvJn__, N.-tv
Ahnail.n, F-&0O, llouliler c.'recit, - -
. Santa Cruz and Trii-cip-i V»'ay
Statio:_ '. t-«»_-<K
•4:1. Newark. Snn J.ise, Los Gatos. . *9_»o_,
ail: »— ? Ennrers' _i-_isi.'i_. ;_.. Jose and
Way -StattaM ;:»?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
1.-amSi,l JfiiSCMCO — foot of _ari.st Street (SJ-f t)— •
•7:13 3:00 llroO_J_. tI:C3 'Z:ZZ j t3_.3
'i:: ' t3rC5 l-.ZZe.I.
rramCJlUllO— J'aatorTirciiwtT.— •fi;Co 8:00 00_-_-
-::_:-3 *Iga 12-.ZZ -l-'Z ILC3 'Z.CZr.a.
COAST IMIOIoN « EroaH «iau_- .
(Thiol :_.d Towageml Stop
r»«l»_Oee_j View. South Sin Francisco.. — -«:io?
•7:00* San Jose Hid T'ay SUtSuns (New
Aim— ten We_ ~e___ys ntily) *t:3<>?
•••<>. -, Juae, . rt.fl Pinos, KanL. C'rnx,
Ta-iiic .Jr-jre. l'asi) Kn1.1"3. Sau
I.m's OUiat»i. Smrf, Loo poc and
Priucipul V.'ay Stations •4:10.
•|t»:4l». San.l-.si-aa.i Way Ht_-f-__ *C:33-
-•ll:3»»« San J'_e ani Way Scions "BtBBi 1
r-:4r, - Mateo, B-drrooil, ii-r,\a - nt,
T_!o Also-. Santa C'.-ra. San Jcae,
Trea Finc3, Baata Cr-,!_. SaTiiias.
Monterey _-— I'aciO.: CroT. t!9.38A.
f3:.t'» Joeq an.i Waj gtattona *7:3i»_>
fl:l-'Sr Sa.i Joae auul Pri^.-iipal Way S:,ai;ioi:a *!):-l.'»v
rj:0«: Sau Joae and FrToctp-i Way St.-.tioua -:»:o<>.
•s:_o San Jose an-1 Princ:nal ..tatiou. ■*:.•}.-.-.
•«:.-;• t Sin Jos. an. l Wiy __a_J_— I t"»:0«A.
.11 : IT; t» San J._»i- >:»? Way Sta-frara *T::IOp
A for Mai ■in P f->r Afternoon..-
-• Daily. t S-.-i-lay e*ca— ted. J Son— _y only.
6 - i-'.r ..." on'y.
The r*a« irn nt .NirtTlltoni'ANV
«rfl'. call far an.i _____ hr,^ri^e from liocela __j.i resi-
.eaces. Euo-xre ot T:aket Ai-i.ta *'_r Time Carda axwi
ctlur infrrmari.m.
CALIFORNIA XOI_TfiMSTE2N EI. CO,
_L___-SS__-___
SAN FRANCISCO AND KOBTfI PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibaroa F.-rr>. Foot -t Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN __AF._E__
WEEK DATS— 7:2O, 9:CO, ll:_y a. ex.; I_:2_,
2:30. 3:10, ,:3C p. in. Thursday a— Hxtra. trip
at y. h , m. Scturdaya — rlxtra trip, at USt
and 11-10 p. tn.
EL'.\'_AY_—i:», 9:53, 11:00 a. m.; I'M. 3.30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. r
S.VN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— -_«, 7:50. 9:20. U:Vi a. m. ; 12:43,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. .--.i--:r'iays — trips at
1:35 and .:S5 p. m.
SL'NDATS— _:I'j. »t_». U:_J a. n ; 1:40, 5:43, s:o_,
6:25 p. m.
Betireen San Fraj-cisco and Schaetzea Parle
same schedule as above.
Leave i » Arrive
Ban i- ran clsco. | Ia Effect Saa Francisco.
1 ■ April «, , .
"Wee-t Sua- i _«.3. Sua- j Weei
Days. 1 days. ■[ Destiaatica. I days. | Days.
7.30 ara; S:00 _i Novato. :I0:4O ansf S:4O a_a
3:30 pra; 3:30 ami Petnlurr-a. 5:05 pra'ia:2s a_n
5:13 pta 3:00 p-_ i. Santa Rosa. 7:_S prai S:_Q paj
j. Fulton, [
7JO am Windsor. 13— S ana
Eea.d_-bury, |
Lyttoa.
Geyserville. i
1:30 prn 3:00 _ ral Oloverd-Je, 7:35 pra; 5:20 pta
7:30 am; j Hopland aad ! - Sam
3:30 pra] 8:00 ara, Uklati. ' j 7:33 pta^ 6:20 pa
7:30 am; )l0:_3 a_a
1 -:00a_a: Guerneville. 7:35 pm
J:3O pmi j | i «_» p_a
7:30 -_( v.V _- Son'.-raa '10:10 am! S:4O ata
,'.-};- and 'I
1:10 par] _-Mp__| Glen Ellen, j 6:05 pm; 6:3) pta
7 2(T an 8:00 am _e____.p_L 10: -J am^l3:_3 ana
3:30 pmj 5:00 pm: 17:35 pmj 6:23 pm
Stages ••-.--•- at Santa Rosa .or Hark West
Springs aad White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttca
for Lytton Springs; at Gey_e.»_t_e for Skagsra
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land* for Duacaa .Springs. Highlaad Springs,
.Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at LTiiah or Vichy
prints. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Coper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, UerL.v's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Huilv.lle.
Booneville. Philo. Christine-. Soda Spring..
Navarro. Whites-era, Albion. Uttle RiT»r,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal. "Willltts. LaytcnvUle, Cum*
_alngr*s. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Ecotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip _______ a.
reduced rate*.
On Sundays .... tickets to alt potsvta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. CO Market st.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITTNG. R. x. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Feßpute
_<_* *» /
_L_^ _ ? I i£ZJ
mt _# . jj _j»<» ■n'.v_v«-
SV _f *I _X
■W) §
1 y^ ' { la,f___i
'E^^asAica-- •*•-_■
jy^^SAN FRANCfSCO TO CHICAGO.
-' : '_ THE MOST COMFORTAELE WAY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY day IN THE YEAR PCLI^
MAN PALACE AND pcxxj___jv UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST cars LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHtCAGO-AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET street
FERRY AT a3O P 18.
DINING ROOMS AND DINTNG
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
KVERY DETAIL. ;
Read Vn-w VALLEY ROAD. "Re-dUp.
•7:20 an. |1G:30 am Stockton I t3:40 -- 6:00 pra
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced +12:17 pm 4:13 pa
10:40 am § 5:35 pmj Fresno I t3:00 am 3:43 pia
11:38 am I 7:45 pm Hanf.ri t7:«0 am 1:45 ptn
2:2- pm, 312:30 am; Ba__rac«ld {1:00 amlll:-. axa
Iliad ami T6:25 pmj Y__i.a , .5:23 ami Lr_2 pia
12:15 pm| 76:53 pmi Tulare f 34:25 am "1:03 pra
•Dally. tExcept 'Sunday. . JE-ccept Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Office. 62_ Market St.;
Tel. Main 1531.
Oakland o_fle_. HIS Broadway.
Sacramento Office. 231 J at.
San Jose Office. 7 West Santa Clara at.
a-'-tu.Mi r___BA__P__L_ SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via" Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. October L 1539-
WEEK DATS— 3:3O a. c_ and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAY.- _;CO. 10: CO a- m. and 1:13 -. ra.
Far. S. F. to Summit and Return. XI 40.
THOS. COOK A SON.Agts.. til M.i --..-: at.
aDr.Gibl)on's Dispensary,
fi2SKEABSTW. __.t_-l__.e_.
in ! »5 4 for the treatment of Prirate
Diseases. Lost Manhood. DeOflity or
. _a__»««B__-g biJdyand mindand
Skin Dfca. sea The doctorcurestr b<*ii
«ther*faii. Try hiav. Cbarges lovr.
<orf-iaaraair<'-. Cal! orwrite.
Dr. J. ■_ faIBBUJi. Box 1-27.— _v Francfaco
WW Call per Year
1314
CONRAD'S VICTIM KILLED AS
HE WAS PLEADING FOR MERCY
Burglar Slain in the Midnight Battle With Police
and Citizens of Alameda Identified as Bert
Willmore, Companion of the Majors Boys.
Attempted to Reform, but
Was Led Astray by an
Ex-Convict. Whose Ac
quaintance He Made
in Folsom-
m * 9 ♦ » » »-♦-■» _»-3> » » » » » q
WHATEVER mystery surround
ed the identity of the burglars
who engaged the police and cit
izens of Alameda in desperate
combat shortly after midnight
Monday morning has been cleared away.
Behind it ail is a story of a boy who was
led into crime, and after serving a part of
his sentence in the State prison was given
a chance to redeem himself, but despite
an heroic effort surrendered to the influ
ences of the companions he had met while
incarcerated in the penal institution. '.'-
The dead burglar has been identified as
Bert Willmore, the companion of the Ma
jors hoys, who created a reign of terror
in the cities across the bay about four
years ago. Of the trio Archie Majors was
killed in a battle to the death with officers
of the law in Utah; Abe Majors is now
under sentence of death for participation
in the crime- that cost his brother his life,
and Bert Willmore— the only one of the
youthful gang who attempted to reform
lies on a slab in the Alameda branch
morgue, the victim of the cowardice of
the Chief of Police of the Encinal City.
That the lad was desperate and would
not hesitate to take a human life in his
frantic efforts to escape from the armed
force that was pursuing him, no one will
question, but when "brave" Chief Conrad
fired the bullet that crushed Willmore's
skull and ended his life's romance the boy
was lying prostrate and helpless on the
ground, writhing In pain from the wounds
he had received, his revolver empty and
beyond his reach. It was then that the
Alameda officer stepped from cover and
displayed his nerve and bravery and sent
a bullet crashing through the skull of
Willmore.
The police were In ignorance of the iden
tity of the dead man and his captured
companion until the prisoner consented to
talk. Although the corpse that covered
a slab at the branch morgue was that of a
boy who had participated in the robbery
of nine stores on the main street of the
city in one night, while officers patrolled
up and down in front of the doors, not a
single ono of the sleurhs of the Alameda
force recognized the remains. • The pris
oner, C. C. Sullivan, a pardoned murderer,
who had been an inmate of the Folsom
prison, revealed the identity of his unfor
tunate companion in crime and cleared
up the mist that surrounded the whole
affair. He unfeelingly placed the respon
sibility on the boy, whom he had led into
the scrape and who had been deprived by
death of the chance of defending him
self from the blame of the distressing af
fair. Sullivan poses as a saint among sin
ners, and pictures the boy whom he lured
to his ruin as a sinner among saints.
All the circumstances surrounding the
tragedy point to Willmore's determination
to profit by the past and endeavor to be
come a useful and honorable citizen. His
employers speak of him in the most flat
tering terms, and the foreman at the elec
tric works where he was engaged shed
tears when he learned of his fate. All
these men had given him a helping hand
in his efforts to redeem himself, and their
kindliness had not been wasted until the
man who had been his companion at Fol
som crossed his life and darkened ids
future. His benefactors had warned him
against the evil that beamed from the
man's countenance, and he promised
them to shun him as be would a pesti
lence. He battled bravely to make good
his resolve, but Sullivan would not be
shaken off. He haunted the boy, he
pleaded with him for money, nnd when he
got him completely under his control he
led him into the crime that ended In young
Willmore's cruel and unwarranted killing.
A tie even greater than Sullivan's own
evil influence held the boy in his fatal
grasp. A woman adds a link to the chain
that dragged the youth to bis death. The
sister-in-law of his evil genius was
forced into his life by the designing Sul
livan. Love was made to play a part in
the desperate game, and when Willmore
met his death at the merciless hand of
Alameda's Chief of Police he was the
affianced husband of the woman. She is
Mrs. Eva Thomas, the divorced wife of
Sullivan's brother. She it was who In
response to a telegram from the "brave"
guardian of the law of the Enclnal an
nouncing the death of her lover visited the
Dranch morgue across the bay, and kneel
ing beside the bier of Willmore rave vent
to her feelings In agonizing sobs and at
tested her affection in fervent, earnest
prayer.
Willmore and Sullivan left the State
prison at Folsom December 24, 1898, tho
lormer on parole, the latter pardoned.
The Dead Burglar and Those Who Influenced His Life.
Ex-Adjutant General A. W. Barrett, who
through the tearful pleadings of Will
more's little sister took an interest In the
boy secured him a position with the
Central Light and Power Company. 11. >
worked steadily and faithfully, and all
the reports that General Barrett heard
from his employers were most encourag
ing until a few weeks ago. when he re
ceived information that Willmore was as
sociating with a suspicious character, an
ex-convict. The general sent for the little
Bister, appreciating that her tender inllu
ences over the brother would be far more
effective than his, and informed her of
the boy's danger. Only a day passed
when Willmore called upon the general
and promised faithfully to shun Sullivan.
"It will be a hard thing for me to do,"
was Willmore's statement. "He treated
me like a father while we were at Fol
som, and now I hardly have the heart to
cast him off. He will not leave me. He
pleads for assistance, and I am not in a
position to give it to him. I know that 1
must leave him alone, for something tells
me that association with him will result
In no good to me." .•
And yet, with this presentiment of dan
ger and the warning of his friends, Will
more did not have the will power to re
sist the entreaties of the Evil One. They
continued to meet, but not In the open.
Sullivan himself admits that their meet
ings were in dark alleys and in out-of-the
way places where they would be unob
served. And it was thus that the Alameda
burglary was planned. Suillvan says that
Willmore, discouraged at his financial
condition, determined upon robbery for
relief. He poses as the saint by observ
ing that he pleaded with his dead com
panion not to stray from the narrow path.
but when argument and pleading were or
no avail he determined to stand by the
hoy in case anything should happen to
him; and that, he says, is how he came to
he in Alameda on the night of the burg
lary.
Willmore cannot tell his story. That he
was discouraged or had any reason to be
is denied by his employers. His wages
were on the increase. His work had been
so satisfactory that he had been prom
ised a raise of $10 every other month
until his salary reached $70. His home
life was happy. He lived for his mother
and the little sister lna whose pleadings
had secured him clemency from the
Board of State Prison Directors through
the intercession of General Barrett. His
salary was not large, but still, with tho
earnings of lna with her needle, lt enabled
the mother and daughter and son to live
comfortably and happily.
Their home is at 823 Mission street. A
pathetic incident in the sad case was the
persistent refusal of Mrs. Willmore and
lna, when seen yesterday afternoon, to
believe that the boy had been slain. So
positive were they that he was still alive
and well that they laughed at the sug
gestion that any harm had come to him. 1
They even asserted that he had not left
home until Monday morning, and conse
quently could not have been killed in Ala
meda the night before. The mother re
members Sullivan. He called at her home
on one occasion and Inquired for Bert.
His features were so repulsive that she
ordered him away and cautioned him not
to associate with her boy.
And now to the scene of death and the
alleged bravery of the two Alameda po
lice, who have posed as heroes of the
bloody affair. Officer Hadley, who first
encountered Sullivan and Willmoro in the
store of Gott, the jeweler, did not fire a
shot. He fled from the scene as soon
as Willmore fired at him and broke his
shoulder in his haste to fall out of danger
over a high board fence. His story that
his revolver refused to work after he had
fired the first shot is not correct. Fright
had complete possession of him and his
palsied hand could not pull the trigger
even had he waited to use his weapon.
His heroism consists of losing a piece of
cuticle from the tip end of his little
finger, which he thoughtlessly placed in
front of one of the flying bullets.
Conrad's bravery was on a parallel with
that of the patrolman. When Willmore
shot at him from behind the picket fence
on Central avenue the Chief, according
to the testimony of reputable eye-wit
nesses. scurried out of danger behind a
protecting telegraph pole. Willmore was
then riddled with buckshot and a bullet
had shattered his thigh bone. He fell
forward through the fence, face down on
the sidewalk and with uplifted hand fired
into the air the last shot in his revolver.
In desperation he continued to work the
trigger of the weapon and its repeated
click, click, click, told that the pistol was
empty. In despair he threw it from him.
It was then that the hero, Conrad,
stepped from his place of shelter and
walking up to the prostrate form sped
the bullet that shot away the back of
the boy's head. Citizens who live across
the street from the scene of carnage as
sert that they heard Willmore pleading
pitifully for mercy before the last shot,
which was followed by the order to carry
the man away on a stretcher.
Conrad was not hit by any flying bul-
THE SAN FE AN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11.. -899.
lets, as he asserted when he was laving
the foundation for a claim of heroism.
The scratch on his neck was not the re
sult of any whizzing leaden missile. Ex
perts are ready to testify that the dainty
wound was made by a rosebush or pos
sibly the "brave" Chiefs finger nail.
VERDICT REACHED BY
THE CORONER'S JURY
__" ALAMEDA. Cal., Oct. 13.
We. the Jury, find that Wllbert willmore cam.
to his death from a gunshot wound In the head
Inflicted by the Chief of Police of this city of
Alameda, while said deceased was resisting
arrest for felony, and we further exonerate
the said Chief of Police from all blame in the
matter - • ■ -•
We further find that the act of said Chief of
Police was Justifiable homicide.
J. H. Green, Oscar S. Meysel, Alexander In
nes, T. Stelnmetz, Louis Koenlg, Charles
Beuck. George T. Morris, George D. Gray and
O. Lubbock.
At the inquest held this evening by Dr.
C. H. Mehrmann, Coroner of Alameda
County, over the body of the burglar who
was killed while trying to escape, by
Chief Conrad, tho above verdict was ren
dered. Among the witnesses called by
the Coroner to testify at the inquest were
lna Willmore, a sister of the dead man;
H. O. Tenny of 1361 Park street, who
warned the police; Chief of Police John
Conrad, who fired the fatal shot; C. P.
Magagnos. a dealer in photographic sup
plies at 2313 Central avenue, who was
with the Chief when the shooting oc
curred; George H. Brown, a policeman
who aided In the capture of Sullivan: Dr.
CD. Tisdale. autopsy physician, and Dr.
J. M. Young, who participated in the
chase and ' afterward attended the dead
man at the police station shortly before
he expired. No testimony was elicited
that has not already been published in
The Call.
After the inquest Miss Willmore stated
that she believed her brother was led to
commit crime because he was discour
aged. She said he received but $35 a
month, out of which he supported her
mother and herself and had no money
to clothe and buy himself the comforts of
life; that he was a good brother and a
good son and anything said to the con
trary was untrue.
Miss Willmore tried to secure the Smith
& Wesson her brother used in his effort
to kill his pursuers, but was unsuccessful.
STEAMER ABERDEEN IN THE NORTHWESTER.
She stated she wanted it to keep in re
membrance of him.
. - • ■■ ■ ■ _.-
WILLMORE'S CAREER
OF CRIME IN OAKLAND
OAKLAND. Oct. 10.— The story of the
Majors and Willmore boys is without par
allel in the criminal annals of California.
The Majors and Willmore families have
been so closely allied for the past four
years that they have been as brothers and
sisters, the connecting link between them
being young lna, now about 17 years old.
In the summer of 1896, after a long suc
cession of burglaries had been committed,
two of these lads were caught returning
from a night of robbery in Alameda. They
confessed all their misdeeds, which in
cluded safe-blowing, burglaries and rob
beries. •:..•-
At the time of their arrest they were
living mostly at the home of Mrs. Will
more, near the First Presbyterian Church,
lna Willmore, then 14, was the sweetheart
of Abe Majors and one of his excuses for
entering on a life of crime was his desire
to make her valuable presents.
The boys were sentenced to ten years
in Folsom. Archie Majors was away from
Oakland at the time of the burglaries,
and after his brother's sentence showed a
desire to lead an honorable life. He wan
dered away from Oakland and put in
some time as a cowboy in Texas, but
when Abe Majors was released on parole
Archie joined him and they went off to
gether. Nothing was heard of them for
some months until they were met by a
Sheriff's posse in Utah.
Last Christmas eve Bert Willmore was
released from Folsom, having been par
doned by Governor Budd because of his
excellent behavior. Nothing has been
heard of the boy in Oakland since leaving
the penitentiary.
Pansles and husks— Thought and work
produce wondrous results. Atchison
(Kans.) people take notice. "Keith's"
window, 80S Market St.. Phelan building. *
An Improved safety guard for
watches consists of an auxiliary chain
to be attached to the ring in the watch
stem, with an eyelet formed in the rear
wall of the pocket for the insertion of
the bar at the end of the chain.
TROUBLE CAUSED
FOR SEAMEN BY
A NORTHWESTER
Aberdeen Lost Part of
Her Deckload.
THE PORT PATRICK DRIFTED
♦
The Storm Blew Down a Boor on the
Mail Dock Which Knocked Stone
- Overboard— Austra
lia in Port.
Captains of vessels in port have been
preparing for a storm during the last
twenty-four hours. A low barometer gave
them warning Monday night and yester
day afternoon the weather bureau or
dered the northwest storm signals dis
played. On the vessels at the north end
of the water front extra mooring lines
were got out, while in many Instances
straw fenders were put between the ves
sels and the wharves to keep them from
chafing. Out in the stream extra an
chors were let go. but the British ship
Port Patrick was caught napping. She
began to drag and before the second an
chor could be dropped she had drifted
down on the Postal Telegraph Company's
cable.
A week ago the big pile raft broke the
cable as it was towed up the bay. A
gang of men was set to work and the
tugs Alert and Transit employed and by
Sunday morning the cable was repaired
and in working order again. Now it is
again broken and it will be several days
before another one can be laid. The tug
Relief was sent out to move the Port
Patrick, but she was too late to prevent
the damage.
A very heavy storm has been raging
off the coast and evefy vessel making
port has had a hard time of it. Captain
Houdlette of the mail streamer Australia
says it blew very hard from the north
west during the last part of the voyage,
and Captain Smith of the City of Peking
and Captain Saunders of the Newport had
similar experiences. All of them agree
in saying that the storm was accompa
nied by a heavy westerly swell.
The steamer Aberdeen "caught it" off
Point Reyes. The northwest storm w as
accompanied by mountainous seas, one of
which broke aboard. The deck lashings
were broken and part of the deckload was
washed away. Some of the lumber
caught in the rigging and pulled the
mainmast out of the vessel. The engine
room and cabin were flooded and for a
time it looked as though the fires under
the boilers would be put out. Captain
Pedersen got his vessel before the gale
and kept her there until repairs were
made, after which he came on to San
Francisco. The Aberdeen was docked at
Lombard street wharf, and following an
examination of her damages she was
towed to Oakland Creek to discharge.
The Aberdeen was from Portland with
600,000 feet of lumber. M;.-;
Customs Inspector J. T. Stone had a
narrow escape on the Mail dock. The
wind blew one of the doors down and in
its fall it knocked Stone into the water
and then fell on top of him. Luckily he
was under water when the door struck
the surface and so escaped injury. Be
j ing a good swimmer he was rescued by
: some of the wharf hands who threw him
i a line.
The transport Newport docked at the
! Government wharf yesterday afternoon.
: Captain Saunders is a very sick man, and
has been ever since the vessel left Ma
nila. The chances are that he will not go
out on. the steamer next trip. The New
port had a hard time of it In the storm
off the Japan coast that delayed the So
lace, Tartar, Pennsylvania and City of
Peking. During the first ten days out
she only made a thousand miles, while
under ordinary circumstances she would
have made 3500. One of .the port lifeboats
was smashed into kindling wood and some
of the- dead lights were stove in. The sol
diers aboard got a great scare, as they
made sure the vessel would never reach
port again.
The Australia, from Honolulu," brought
up forty-three cabin and forty steerage
passengers. There was a coal famine in
the islands and the mail boat had to get
! 240 tons of coal from the Government. She
had enough fuel in her bunkers to bring
her to San Francisco, but in the event
of heavy weather she might have run
short, so after considerable pressure the
agents of the vessel got the 240 tons from
the Government. The cabin passengers
of the Australia were:
A. XV. Anderson, S. C. Allen and
wife, C. F. Bradshaw, E. B. Barthorp,
P. N. Berenger, Mrs. C. E. Camp, F.
J. Cross C. W. Dickey and wife, Mrs.
Colonel George de la Vergne and maid,
Mrs. Hendricks, F. Hustace, wife and
child, T. XV. Hobron, XV. G. Hyman,
Captain C. XV. Hay, Mrs. G. F. Kim
ball and daughter. Miss Kauffman,
L. K. Kentwell, Miss L. Leslie, Miss
E. Lynwood, G. A. Loring, Miss B. A.
Meyer, Mrs. W. G. Morrison, Mrs. P.
Peck and the Misses Peck. H. C. Peck,
Sam Peck, Miss H. S. Smith, F. A.
Smith. Captain Taylor, C. D. Vincent
and Miss K. Ward.
Mrs. Hendricks is the widow of Profes
sor Hendricks. Soon after she left for
; Hawaii her husband died and the news
i was forwarded to her by the transport
! Sherman. She at once came back home
on the Australia-
Captain Hall of the steamer Alice
Blanchard has been appointed master of
the steamer South Portland. It has no*
been decided whether the South Portland
i will run to Coos Bay or Puget Sound. Two
coal mine owners want her, and th» one
offering the most charter money will get
her. ■•::■■ ■ r.
Captain A. J. Storrs of the steamer
Leelanaw has been exonerated from all
blame in connection with the vessel going
i on the beach during a dense fog at Mon
tara Point by the Inspectors of Hulls and
Boilers.
The schooner XV. G. Phelps made port
; just in. time yesterday morning. During
j the run from San Salvador she was
j caught in two storms which drove her
! out of her course. The voyage was In
j consequence very much protracted, and
I when the Phelps reached port all the pro
AD tf EBTISEMENTS.
NEW GOODS.
We invite the public to inspect our Mag-
nificent Stock of NEW GOODS in all our
different departments. During the past week
we have received elegant lines of NEW
SILKS, NEW DRESS GOODS, NEW CREPONS,
NEW VELVETS, NEW CLOTHS, NEW TRIM-
MINGS, NEW RIBBONS, NEW LACES, NEW
SKIRTS, NEW GLOVES, NEW TIDIES, NEW
LINENS, NEW CURTAINS and NEW
HOSIERY,
TWO SPECIALS.
750 pairs GOLDEN FLEECE WHITE BLANKETS, pure
Australian wool (all sizes), made expressly for
O'Connor, Moffatt & Co,, at less than present cost to
manufacture.
1000 dozen GENTS' FINE LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKER-
CHIEFS (Irish manufacture) at lower prices than
similar goods have ever heen sold hy us.
• <^^^___Sjfe^_/^M^£yT%
HI, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
visions left was a small barrel of pork
and a little Hour and only eight gallons
of water.
HITE ADMIRED HER.
Agreed "With His Friend That Lucy
Was Good Looking.
The trial of the divorce case of Hite
vs. Hite was resumed yesterday morning
before Judge J. P. Jones of Contra Costa
County, who ls holding court In this city.
The morning session was taken up en
tirely by the reading of depositions of
several witnesses. In the afternoon
Thomas Gibbs, a half-breed son of the
plaintiff, was called to testify to the al
leged signatures of John R. Hite, the de
fendant, on the register of El Capltan
Hotel in Mariposa, but his evidence was
not admitted. Later plaintiff's counsel of
fered in evidence a grocery bill made in
the name of John R. Hite for Lucy Hite,
and claimed that it was one of many ren
dered to Mr. Hite headed in the same
way. Defendant's counsel objected to the
bill being offered in evidence, and after
a long argument Judge Jones sustained
the objection.
Charles H. Swain was called as a wit
ness for plaintiff and testified that in
1881, while at Hite's mine as an expert
examining the mine, he first saw Lucy
Hite. It was while sitting in the gro
cery store with John R. Hite and a man
named Ferris that Lucy entered and
bowed to Hite. Ferris spoke up and said:
"Hite, that's a good looking squaw," and
Hite replied: "Yes, I think so; that's my
wife." Witness further stated that
"every one far and wide spoke of Lucy
as Hite's wife." On cross-examination
by Attorney Foote witness stated that he
had been superintendent of many mines
on this coast, but not of any dividend
paying ones. ..- ■,»
In her deposition Mrs. Grove, defend
ant's sister, deposed that while visiting
her brother at Hites Cove she had looked
upon Lucy as a good and faithful serv
ant and had never regarded Lucy as
John's wife. Lucy had never sat at the
table with her and Mr. Hite.
The trial will be resumed to-day.
WIFE AGAINST HUSBAND.
Mrs. Johanna Coughlin Wants Her
Spouse Arrested for Felony
Embezzlement.
Mrs. Johanna Coughlin, 39 Clara street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Treadwell's
court yesterday for the arrest of her hus
band, Cornelius, on the charge of felony
embezzlement. She accuses him of em-
bezzling between $1600 and $1700 which he
drew from the Hlbernia Ban.: and intend
ed to use in deserting her and their two
children.
Mrs. Coughlin stated that she and her
husband had saved the money during
their seventeen years of married life. It
was deposited in the bank in their joint
names. Some time ago she drew out $4.0
to enable her husband to go East on a
trip, but after his return she had occa
sion to get an injunction from the courts
to prevent him from drawing any money
without their joint consent. The bank did
not recognize the injunction and allowed
her husband to draw out the balance of
the money, and she had reason to believe
that he intended to leave the city.
POISONED HERSELF.
Mrs. Halman Swallowed Carbolic
Acid in Presence of Her Husband
and Threw the Bottle at Him.
Mrs. Fannie Halman, wife of James F.
Halman, a barkeeper residing- at 436 A
Jessie street, committed suicide early
yesterday morning by swallowing the con
tents of a bottle of carbolic acid. The
woman quarreled with her husband when
he came home from his saloon at _ a. m.
She took from the bureau a bottle con
taining the corrosive poison and swal
lowed it before her husband could g.t
near enough to prevent her. She threw
the vial at his head and fell to the floor
screaming. __«_«.
Her husband at once notified the police
and the woman was taken in the ambu
lance to the City Receiving Hospital,
where she was attended by Dr. Stephens.
She died at . o'clock and was removed
to the Morgue. The deceased left a eon
by a former husband. She was a native
of Germany, 38 years old.
Money 'back if Baldwin's Celery Soda falls
to cure headache, nervousness, seasickness. 10c.
A Murderous Cowboy.
Santiago Ortez, a cowboy, was arrested
early yesterday morning on a charge of
assault to murder, and yesterday ho __-
peared before Judge Treadwell and th«
case was continued till Friday. He was
employed with other cowboys In break
ing mules in Horn's stockyards, Tent,
and Bryant streets, and shortly after mid
night went to the barn, and because hi
thought he had been locked out he _.:
tacked A. M. Coleman while asleep will
a knife and cut him severely on the hea.
twice. He then got his revolver and want
ed to shoot "Broncho Joe," another cow
boy, but both he and Coleman made theli
escape. Coleman was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where his wounds wen
stitched and dressed.
I 1900's - -$40 I
ARRIVE SOY. Ist p
AGENTS WANTED. |
1899 I
( fesi_K«V I I
*\__T BICYCLES
I $35 I
| WHILE THEY LAST. |
Bl THOS. H.B. VARNEY, 1
Market and 10th Sts., S.F. j*
( OPEN EVENINGS. |
j^;^___^__^g___^_i__ai
ONE WEEK EST" -_=T]
FREE [V §
Treatment and Medicine _s^skr__
FOR ; . eae^T^L
Catarrh, Deafness, SI3&
NOISES IN THE EARS «? §= _//
AND THROAT DISEASES <s^»"~y!a
given to show, the superior csS?"/^ I*3
merit of my new invention SsSy __§_. .•'
ami ANTISEPTIC treat- Isy $___f|_'
m°nt: that gives many mar- Sjf &£____!
ve.ous cures and so easy a if^. j-i_____l •
t-hlld can use it. In 1200 Sj
test cases all CATARRHAL §A ISS&amW >:
patients 'relieved and SO per :^
cent ~ fatness cured. Best of _j___^|_g_j^S>
references and hundreds of -^~.-i_r_j hr J
endorsements. But the best Is to try it and bo
WEEK y U an ' F REE FOR ONE
Call at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St. opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours-9-ll A. M. 1-3 and 7-8 P. M.
Bisque Ware.
Great Left Over Salb
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
STORES EVERYWHERB.
xoo Stores*