VOLUME LXXXVMO. 64.
SITUATION IS NOW
CRITICAL IN HAYTI
CITY AND HARBOR OF SAN DOMINGO.
UNCLE SAM
ON GUARD IN
SAN DOMINGO
Warships to Be Kept on the
Lookout for Possible
Filibusters.
Dispatch I
SAN DOMINGO, Aug. 2.— T
the assassins of President Heu
\ have been captured and
country is entirely
: I no movei ent ol
" . igan, con i
Inc the Unit< -.'-.oat Ma
. in these waters, has I n
officially received by President Figuero.
ovements of the war
■ -.
WASHINGTON. Aug. The Navy
Department hs;s received the following
report by telegraph from 'ommander
Logan of the Machias, which arrived
i-t Pan TV>minßo City • yesterday:
SAN* lii IN- ■.'">. Aug. I.— The United
Slates Consul says that the report, of the
cieath of the President of San Domingo is j
believed not to have any political signif
icance. The motive of the assassin' is
supposed to be personal revenge. The Vice
President of San Domingo has succeeded
■without political disturbance, and has re
ajipointed the former Cabinet. N • disor
df-r exists; I request permission to delay
pailing five <iays to repair boiler.
ved at the
Depart! ' imniander
of the gunboat Machias show a
n of affairs in San Do
- ;hat this quiet
•ion may be the calm bel
. and as a precautionary measure
administration a keeping
- the Machias or New Orleai
ips both, at San Doming
Commander Logan's request for per
mission to delay Bailing for live days
in order to repair boilers was answered
by directions to remain at San Domingo
•unti further orders. The Navy De
t)artment has taken the precaution to
MVf- a proper naval • Dtation in
BB.n mingo waters for the» reasons:
First — There are all sorts of rumors
• about contemplated filibustering
'■•icns to p it In a revolutionary
etnent aeainst. the ; I tvern-
Bhould it be discovered that
of thep^ expeditions ha>!
in vitiation of thp United States
traiity laws they will be seized, if pos
sible, by our men-of-war.
>nd— ln the event of a revolution
it may become necessary to land ma
rines for the protection of "ur consul
ate and other American citizens and
property.
Third — Tn prevent any undiK- f n -••
Interference in the ev^nt of an up:
The Government's best official infor
mation is that Vice President Figuer<\
vho has assumed control, has the sup
port of all of the substantial people of
the island. The attitude of the admin
istration will be entirely friendly to the
nfw President and his Government,
and the authorities will exercise every
precaution to prevent any aid from
lawless persons in this country or Cuba
being given to revolutionists who may
Tnplate the overthrow of the ex
isting Government.
They do not anticipate that filibus
tering expeditions will be fittM out in
this country. Th^ danger points are
in Cuba and Hayti. In both places
there are a number of exiles, who, if
ran raise the money, may cause
s^rne troilble for the new Government
<.f San Domingo, and, should an expe
dition be fitted out in Cuba, consider
able trouble for the T'nited States.
g in military possession of Cuba
the United States would doubtless be
he-Id responsible for a violation of the
neutrality laws in case a revolutionary
party should start from that quarter.
As far as the authorities are informed
are no expeditions at present he
ir .g fitted out in Cuba or anywhere else.
Jiminez has already given the au
thorities a great deal of trouble and
his movements will be carefully
watched to see that he does not again
get us into international complications.
JIMINEZ NOT BACKED
BY THIS COUNTRY
PARIS, Aug. 2.— The Matin publishes
an interview with a Frenchman who
ha«= discovered that Jiminez, the revo
lu;. nary leader in San Domingo, is
The San Francisco Call.
PORT AU PRINCE,
2. — A crisis is im
pending. Numerous arrests
■ : -c;it citizens hare
been ma :V. inchrding M.
Fouchard, formerly Minis
ter of Finance. Sezrra'
■ the . Imeri
can Legation. Among them
former- Minis
. Affairs. Great
uneasiness exists
cial depression.
+ -♦-•♦■♦■♦■♦♦•♦■♦♦♦-♦•■♦-•♦•.♦..♦•♦-♦•
nothing more ncr less than a mai of
stray. put up by President McKinley;
so that the United States could inter
vene "to restore order," as in the case
of Cuba and Samoa, and that the revo
lutionists really are American agents.
Th< pers interviewed by the Matin
i? not named, but he shrieks, "Will Eu
rope let these things go on?"
XEW YORK, Aup. 2.— Smith M.
Wood, president <~.f the San Domingo
Improvement Company, gave the
Herald absolute assurance that the
daily cipher cable reports received to
date prove the insurrection in the Do
minican republic grossly exaggerated.
"I..have a ea blegfjawrt - Ivrer" — naid
President "Weed, "received this very
hour. It says briefly that telegraphic
communication is restored and every
thing is quiet."
Senor Grullon, former business part
ner of Jiminez. said to-night:
"Jimfnez's father was himself Presi
dent during the war with Hayti, and
proved capable and honest. If his son
is elected to office by popular acclaim .
next independence day. Don Juan will
make a high-minded and efficient
President. As for his being a figure
head or a dupe of any power to bring
about annexation, it is positively ah
surd."
Consul General Gill of San Pomingo
said: "Can any sane man believe the
administration of the United States can :
glory In the prospect of that traitor
and violator of oaths, Don Juan Jimi- :
nez, taking the executive chair in San
Domingo "after such an embarrassing '
fiasco? Decidedly not."
E. D. York, secretary and counsel for
the San Domingo Improvement Com
pany, said: "We have entire confidence
in the President and in the continued
prosperity of the Island. There is ab
solutely nothing in the Faris rumor. i
In fact, it is most arrant nonsense. The
idea that the United States is assisting
'i two-penny Cassius of the Jiminez !
type. who is a traitor to his oath, or
combating him. either, for that matter,
is absurd. Jiminez Is an upstart who
grew rich on a system of smuggling ;
which was a disgrace in the eyca of
the financial world."
Carries a Rich Cargo.
TA'OMA, Aug. 2.— The Northern Pa
cific liner Victoria arrived to-night from [
breaking all records for rich ]
s. It hal aboard 1002 bales of silk.
I <■■ -■. There w.'is 3000 tuns of!
genera merchandise. The vessel
is ;ind»r charter to tak^ supplies to the
Philippines and will be unloaded as quick
ly as possible..
Gage at Whittier School.
LOS ANGELES, Aver. 2.— The Board of;
Trusts? of the State School at Whittier j
m^r Governor Gap- at the school by ap- '
point menl this afternoon. The object of I
the visit was, it was stated by Superin- !
rman Bmlth, to nave the Sov
ernor Inspect the ruins left by the recent I
fire at the scnool and to look over the J
sed n< w ws;tr supply. The rerpnt
removals and appointments of attaches at
ichcol had nothing to <1u with the :
: c. acrording to the statement of j
Superintendent Smith.
Workman Badly Injured.
SAN JOSE, Aug. B.— B. A. Porter of
Oakland -was seriously Injured this after
noon by the bursting of an emery wheel.
He was employed by the First Street
Railroad Company and was propelling th*>
wheel, which was run.hy electricity, over
newly soldered joints or the track, when
heel, which was makinp Beventy rev
• ■;■:= a miriuu-. suddenly burst. A
fragment struck him in the breast.
breaking the bone and inflicting internal
Injuries. The full extent of his hurts will
not be known for a day or two.
VENEZUELA'S REVOLUTION IS
CRUSHED.
tja GUAYRA. Venezuela, Aug. 2.— The revolutionary faction, which had been operating for some f
o -^ time in Los Andes Mountains, in the western part of the country, was defeated yesterday §
| by a Government force commanded by General Fernandez. The rebel army was completely 9.
a dispersed and the commander, General Copriano Castro, was compelled to seek safety by |
| fleeing into Colombia. . g
SA3T FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1899.
NUMEROUS
ARRESTS ARE
BEING HADE
One Prisoner Dragged From
United Stages Legation.
but Released.
DH • ■-. to The Call.
PORT AT" PRINCE, Hayti, Aug..
2. — T il situation is caus
ing anxiety. Numerous ai
have been made. Among those
taken ml y are M. Dou
n, a former Minister of the Inter
ior, and M. Duvivor, ;i ri< wspaper man.
Duvlv r made a strong resistance and
. • rates
Legation, dragging with him the offl
take him into custody.
The officers, however, . were abl<> tatake
: outside the legation
Thr- United States Minister, William
F. Powell, entered a protest against
tion of the ofTicgrs and demanded
th» j the prisoner.
Eventually the Haytien Government
gave way to the protest <rf Mr. Powell.
M. Duvivor was set at liberty and v -
I States Legation.
The authorities continue to make ar
the prominent
persons b< ( rted a.« having
■ Into custody is M. Fouchard, for
• merly Minister of Finn:
Many refugees have sought protection
at the American Legation, among
them M. Menos, at °ne time Minister
of Foreign Affairs. The situation is
grave.
WASHINGTON, Aver. 2.— Th<=> State
Department fully approves f -f the ac
tion taken by United States Minister
Powell at Port au Prince in enforcing
respect for the sanctity of the Tnittd
States Legation. The general practice
has been to discourage United States
officials in granting asylum to fugitives
from justice, but the point now in
volved is a breach of propriety <=h iwn
in making the arrest within the legation
premises, not the propriety of granting
i asylum. ________^^__
PREPARATIONS FOR
TRIAL OF DREYFUS
Court-Martial Invited to Examine All
Persons Who Claim to Know
of His Guilt.
RENNES, Aug. 2.— The witnesses Fiim
moned in behalf of Captain Dreyfus in
cludrd Captain Lebrun-Renault, to whom
■the prisoner la alleged to have made a
confession, which has since been denied;
Senor Scheurer Kestner. formerly Vice
President of the Senate; M. Trarieux, for
merly Minister of Justice; M. Boure«-.,js,
formerly Premier and Minister of Inte
rior; Major Hartman of the Twenty-sec
ond Artillery; Captain Freysteatter,
Mayor Forzinetti and other officers and
journalists.
It is also said that MM. Labori and De
mange will invite the court-martial to ex
amine by commission all persons alleged
by M. Quesnay de Beaurepalre to be able
to prove the guilt of Dreyfus in order to
throw the fullest light upon the affair.
NEW BELGIAN CABINET.
M. de Smet de. Nayer Will Hold the
Finance Portfolio.
BRUSSELS. Aup. 8. — The new Belgian
Ministry is being formed under the Pre
miership of ML de Smet do Nayer. ' The
Finance .portfolio will be held by M. de
Nayer while M. Deschamps will occupy
the" post Of Minister of Foreign Affairs.
The Cabinet is practically formed, but will
not be definitely constituted until Friday.
TO SURRENDER SAN CHUN.
Great Britain Will Give the Town
Back to China.
LONDON. Aug. 2.— The Pall Mall Ga
-7..->tt.- this afternoon says it learns that
Great Britain is about to surrender to
China the town of San Chun, which was
occupied by the British May 16, during
the Kowloon disturbance.
ARTILLERY
TO SUBDUE
THE YAQUIS
Field Guns Will Be Used in
the Campaign Against
Indians.
PURSUED IN THE TROOPS
Marauders Are Hastening Toward
Their 0 d Rendezvous in
the Mountains.
Epertal Dispatch to The Call. •
♦ ■♦■■♦■♦■♦■♦♦♦■♦•♦♦-♦■-♦■♦♦♦
DALLAS. Tvxas. Aug. 2.— A
special to the News from El
Paso, Texas, says: The reports
from the Yaqui Indian country
indicate that many American
miners have been murdered dur
ing the last feu; days, that the
uprising is gen'-ral and that at
lea6t 2000 w^ll-armed warriors
are concentrating in the moun
tains overlooking the Yaqui
River Valley. During the skir
mishes that have already oc
curred the troops have suffered
.-• \ ■ rely, while the Indians re
tired to cover with but slight
loss. The warriors fight from
ambush and are rarely ever
taken in the open. The moun
tains are covered with dense
verdure and afford an excellent
rendezvous for the savages.
Americans who have traveled
among the Yaquis and are fa
miliar with their character say
that the Mexican Government
is likely to have another ten
years' war on its hands.
++++ ++ + >-♦■♦ +- ♦♦ +♦ ♦ '•♦
ORTIZ, State of Sonora, Mexico, |
■ Aug. 2. — The War Department
has taken energetic steps look-
Ing to a quick and effective !
quelling of the uprising among
the Taqui Indians. Reports received
here from Baroyeca, on the Yaqui
River, indicate that the total number j
of Indians on the war path is about
2000. They are making their way to
ward thc'r old impenetrable rendezvous :
in tho-iflvrun^ains ir./tLf t'.a*iuaripa dis
trict and are closely pursued by a larg<
force of Mexican soldiers. A big ship
mer.t of light artillery arrived her- to- \
day, to be used in the campaign against
the rebels.
' LCS ANGELES, Aug. Marsha] P.
Wright of Ures, Mexico, who. is accom
panied by Judge Morales of Hermosillo,
to-night arrived in Los Angeles. Mr. ■
Wnght, who is a mining engineer and j
j operates mines <-n a large scale eighty
: miles east of Ures. gives employment I
to nearly 100 Yaquis.
"I do not believe the reports that
■ General Torres has been killed," paid
Mr. Wright, "and neither am I con- i
vinced that the old Indian chief, Tahie- I
ata. is dead. Torres has fought the
i Yaquis too long t" be caught by any
of their cunning."
Judge Morales says" General Torres,
; who conquered these savages several
years ago, will pursue the tactics of
driving them to the mountains and iso- i
lating them in bands that they may be
i more effectually attacked. Wright be- j
■ lieves that the present outbreak will
lead to the extermination of the Yaquis.
"When General Torres subjugated
them and the treaty was signed at To
rin." said Wright, "he emphasized the
fact that if they again rebelled it would
mean a war that would not end until
I the republic completely conquered the
tribe.
"Two Americans. Jack Remley, a
Hermosillo merchant, and Ed Miller, a
I photographer, have been murdered
' while going through the country."
Wright says General Torres is re
cruiting his regiment? to full strength
and when a decisive battle is fought it
will break the backbone of the present
rising.
M. DEL CASSE TO VISIT
COUNT MURAVIEFF
May Raise the Question of Conti
nental Action in Case of War
in the Transvaal.
PARIS, Aug. 2.— M. del Casse, the Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, started for -St.
Petersurg this afternoon to return the
visit of Count Muravieff, the Russian
Minister of Foreign Affairs. It Is reported
that M. del Casee also proposes to ar
! range the details of the Czar's visit to
the Pa>-:<; Exhibition" of 1900. and the news
, papers here intimate the French Foreign
, Minister may raise the. question of Con
i tinental action in the event of Great
Britain declaring war against the Tians
vaal.
There is no truth in the statement pub
lished in a NVw York newspaper co-dny
that strained relations exist between Rus
sia and France owing to President Loubet
having failed to telegraph to the Czar his
condolences on the death of the Czaro
witch. The President did telegraph, ex
pressing his sympathy to the Czar, and
also sent a wreath to be deposited on the
tomb of the Czarpwitch.
HOPE TO WIN BY
MEANS OF BOYCOTT
CLEVELAND
STRIKERS
DESPERATE
Former Conductor Arrested
on a Charge of Using
Dynamite.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
<4--f ♦♦■♦■♦♦♦♦♦♦♦■♦-♦■♦♦♦♦
t CLEVELAND, Aug. 2. +
♦ It is said that Governor "*"
+ Bushncll will come to Clcve- +
■♦- land in person shortly to in- -f
"*" vestigate the situation and to "*
+ decide how long the troops »
'+ shall be kept here. -f
♦ -♦■
♦ ♦■♦-■♦-♦♦♦♦♦♦-♦■♦■♦■■♦■■♦■♦■♦■♦
CLEVELAND. Aug. The police
believe they have made an arrest
U which may lead to important de
velopments in connection with the
several attempts to blow up Big
Consolidated cars since the beginning
of the present strike. This forenoon
John Schoenthal, a striking conductor,
was taken into custody on the charge
of being a suspicious person and has
since been detained at the Central Sta
tion, where he was subjected to a rigid
examination by the detectives. Several
days ago a well-digger named Stokes,
living at Nottingham, a suburb, told
the police that a street railroad man
had tried to purchase dynamite, from
him. The report was investigated and
the arrest of Schoenthal followed. The
prisoner admits that he is the man who
approached Stokes, but he says he
made the inquiry at the instance of
another man whose name he does not
know. He says he was approached by
the stranger, who asked him if he knew
where ten pounds of dynamite could be
purchased. The prisoner told the
stranger that he knew a man in Not
tingham who used dynamite ' and he
might have some to sell. Thereupon
he went to Nottingham, saw Stokes,
tmt I'ai.ert t<> get the explosive. He re
ported his failure to the stranger, ac
cording to his story, and that was the
end of the matter.
The police will not say what they
think of the story, but they declare
they are not yet through with the in
vestigation and they look upon the ar
rest as an important one. Schoenthal
had been .employed by the company
about four years before the strike be
gan.
There was practically no change in
the strike situation here to-day. Presi
dent Everett of the Big Consolidated
declares that his company has about
all the men required, and that the ser
vice now maintained on the various
lines of the system is equal to that
which was in force prior to the strike.
Mr. Everett states that he is receiving
applications from some of the strikers
tor reinstatement, and that a number
of union men have already been put to
work. . .
The strike leaders, on the other hand.
GERMANS HAVE HIGH
OPiNION OF OSBORN
Believe Their Interests Safe With
Him as Chief Justice
of Samoa.
BERLIN. Aue. 2.-A dispatch received
to-day from Apia. Samoa, under date of
July 27 says that the Germans there are
satisfied with the appointment nf Luther
\Y Oborn. United States Consul General
at' Apia as acting Chief Justice and re
gard it as a pledge of impartial admin
lB A a di?pat?h to S the Cologne Gazette from
Apia calls the nomination of Mr Osborn
an unpardonable and unjustifiable aban
donment of German interests in deference
to Anglo-American feeling. The Berlin
newspapers, however, express themselves
generally as being satisfied that Mr. Os
born will not neglect German interests
In Samoa. T
STORMS IN NEW JERSEY.
Considerable Damage Done by Wind
and Lightning.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.-A tornado with a
velocity of eighty miles and a width of
three blocks passed through Elizabeth,
N J this afternoon, doing damage con-
Bervaiively estimated at 185.000. The tow
er« of the First Presbyterian, Third Pres
byterian and Central Baptist churcnes
were thrown down and the Lyceum and
Star theaters unroofed. Many other
buildings and private dwellings were un
roofed No persons were seriously in-
NFW YORK. Aug. 2.-Lightning struck
the big brick power-house and carhouse
of the South Orange electric road on
South Orange avenue at Newark N. J..
io -light The building caugJit fire and
ws destroyed, with eighty-five cars.
The- railroad officials claim a los; of
HANSON'S GREAT RIDE.
Thousand-Mile Record Lowered More
Than Twelve Hours.
MINNEAPOLIS. Aug. :i.-Wh"dman
H*an«on finished his 1000-mile ride at 2:54
t hi=" morning. Time. 98:44, beating the
record 12 hours 35 minutes.
Secretary Wilson at Fresno.
FRESNO. An?- 2.— Hnn. James \v ilson.
Secretary of Agriculture, stopped over in
Fresno this afternoon and wae taken for
a drive through the vineyards and
wineries. In the evening he was ban
nueted at the Hughes Hotel. He left on
the 11 o'clock train for San Francisco.
Dean Smith Bead.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 2.— Joseph Al
fred Smith, dean of the colony of actors
and actresses at the Forrest Home. Is
dead, aged 86 yeara.
ADJUTANT GENERAL AXLINE OF OHIO,
insist that not a single desertion has '
Dccurred and that their ranks remain |
unbroken.
Officials of the Big Consolidated say !
there was a marked increase in the j
number of passengers carried down
:.iwn on their East End lines this morn
ing. As a matter of fact the cars, aside
from those on the Euclid and Cedar
avenue lines, continue to run almost
empty.
The "spotters" sent out by the strik- j
ers are scattered everywhere. They
board the cars, if there happen to be
any passengers, and endeavor to learn
their names. Failing in this, the pas
sengers are followed to their homes or
places of business, a»d as a result in
most cases their names go down on the
■•list,"
Many merchants who are taking part
in the boycott have changed their tac
tics, on account of threats of prosecu
tion, and simply place a prohibitive
price on their goods to boycotted per
sons.
The militia is being gradually with
drawn at the rate of two or three com
panies each day.
Major J. R. MeQuigg was to-day ap
pointed acting judge advocate by Ad
jutant General Axline, commanding the
Ohio National Guard troops on strike
duty here. It is understood that the
acting judge advocate will look up th*»
legal phase of the boycott so far as it
relates to the soldiers,
(;pneral Axline said to-day that pro
prietors of stores who refused to sell
goods to either soldiers or civilians
could be punished under the law. He
added that reports were constantly be
ing received at headquarters, in the
City Hall, showing that many store
keepers throughout the city are refus
DEMANDS PROTECTION
FOR MORMON ELDERS
President Rich Will File a Formal
Protest With the Governor of
Georgia and Offer a Reward.
CHATTANOOGA.. Aug. 2. - President
Ben E. Rich of the Southern States M.:
sion of the Church of Christ of the Lat
ter Day Saints will g» to Atlanta at once
to call on Governor Candler and demand
of him protection for Mormon elders who
are preaching in that Statf. President
Rich returned from Chicago to-night. He
is indignant at the manner in which eld
ers have been treated in Georgia and is
going to leave nothing undone to secure
for them the protection due every citi
zen. He will present letters to Governor
Candler from the Governors of Idaho and
T'tah. testifying to his character and
high standing.
President Rich to-day offered a reward
of $500 for the apprehension and arrest
of any member °r members of the Geor
gia mob that assaulted the. Mormon eld
ers. In an interview he said:
•'I purpose to bring this matter to the
attention uf the Governor of Georgia and
to ask from him the same protection for
BUILDINGS AND BOATS
WRECKED BY A STORM
TALLAHASSEE. Fla.. Aug. 2.— The
town of Carabelle, on the Gulf of Mex
ico, southwest of this city, is reported
almost destroyed by a wind and rain
stoTm which passed through this dis
trict lest night. Many boats were in
the harbor and have been wrecked and
moFt of the long wharf is gone, to
gether with large quantities of naval
stores. At Lanark the boathouses, pa
vilion and boats have been destroyed.
Unconfirmed reports say that the
steamer Crescent City has been lost be
tween Appalachicola and Carabelle.
Several persons are reported drowned
at St. Michael. A few houses were de
stroyed at St. Teresa.
The wires are down south of here and
railroad service to the gulf ports is
suspended. The storm was one of the
hardest that ever passed over this sec
tion. For hours the wind was terrific
and the rain fell in torrents.
The city of Appalachicola, at the
mouth of the Chattahoochie River, is
entirely cut off from communication
and nothing can be learned from there.
A new trestle over the Ochlochno
PEICE FIVE CENTS.
ing to sell their goods to thp troops.
To a representative of the Associated
Press Business Agent Pratt of the
ptriking Streetearmens Union said that
the boycott had practically passed out
of their hands.
"The people themselves have taken it
up, and where the movement will end
no one can tell."
Speaking of threatened prosecution
Mr. Pratt said: "Why don't they prose
cute some of the corporations which
place men on their blacklists and fol
low them up all over the country in
order to keep them out of employment,
sometimes for years. This boycott is
undoubtedly a great hardship to many
thousands of people. It is. however,
the only remaining weapon with which
to fight a powerful corporation like the
I Big Consolidated. Should we lose it
would have a demoralizing effect upon
organized labor everywhere. I have no
fear, however, as to the final result.
We will win out."
Good lawyers say the boycotters may
be proceeded against under the Ohio
anti-trust law, which covers conspira
cies of all kinds in restraint of trade.
One lawyer who has examined the law
says that merchants who refuse to s<=ll
goods to boycotted persons, as well as
those who assist in placing the boycott
upon them, aiding or abetting it in any
way can be convicted of conspiracy
without proof of the existence of a
conspiracy. The penalty provided is a
fine of from $60 to $5006 and imprison
mentof from six month? to a year, and
each day that the conspiracy continues
constitutes a separate offense. This
law passed at th»- last session of the
Legislature, but the authors of it in-
I tended that it should apply only to
i trusts.
our elders in Georgia as they would want
in the far Western States. We are liv
ing here under the constitution of the
United States, which guarantees religious
liberty to all citizens. When the people
call us law breakers,: if they have any
respect whatever for the constitution of
the United States. they will try us ac
cording to the laws, of the country, in
stead of resorting: to mob violence.
"I come Of Revolutionary fathers. My
grandfather served this.country faithfully
throughout the War of ISI2. and my fam
llv-is at present represented before- the
gates of Manila. While in former days
about 3 per cent of our people practiced
polygamy, when the Supreme Court of
the United States declared the anti-polyg
amy law constitutional, the president of
our church issued -a manifesto that the
laws-of the land should be obeyed. Th^re
would be just -as much justice in again
sending Northern aFmies into Georgia be
cause they once believed in slavery as
there is in resorting to mob violence
against our elders, because our people
once -practiced polygamy." .
Woman Bicyclist Injured.
PAN JOSE. Aug. 2.— Mrs. A. C. Brown.
while riding a wheel on Julian street this
i evening, collided in the darkness with a
i butcher cart and was seriously injured.
though no bones were broken: She was
, picked up in an unconscious condition and
• it was some time before she rallied.
River at Mclntyre was blown away.
The wrecking train which went to-day
into the stricken territory found over
200 trees on the track in a run of thirty
miles. General Manager Crittenden.
who had charge of the train, says that
every town along the line is desolated;
houses, churches, sawmills, wharves
and pavilions were in many cases
blown from their foundations and in
many instances completely wrecked.
There are many rumors afloat here
to-night as to the loss of life. One
mill hand is known to be drowned at
Mclntyre. One man was drowned at
St. Marks, but rumors place the loss
of life at fifteen.
It is not believed here that any lives
are lost at the numerous resorts, but
reliable news is unobtainable.
A large relief party will leave Talla
hassee for the stricken section to-mor
row morning. The steamer Crescent
City, which is reported lost, plied be
tween Appalachicola and Carabelle.
She carried a crew of eight, but the
number of passengers on board is not
known.2
LIPTON'S PACKAGES
ARE UNDER WEIGHT
Sir Thomas' Firm on Trial Charged With
Defrauding Customers.
© LONDON, Aug. 2.— Sir Thomas Lipton's firm in Birmingham is on ©
'-' trial to-day under the merchants' marks act, for defrauding their cus- £
. tomers by including the weight of the paper and lead foil in which the 'A>
& tea is wrapped, in the sixteen ounces which make up their famous "one- P
$ pound" tea packages. To give their customers what they pay for and £
0 should have the gross package should weigh . twenty ounces instead of <?
§ sixteen, ns it actually does. As the firm has over 450 "Lipton tea stores" 9
<F in the United Kingdom,- and sixty in the city of Birmingham alone, in p
$ all of which they sell millions of packages of tea every year, the magni- g
w tude of the gain made by selling four ounces of paper and lead foil for ,§
<X high-priced Ceylon. tea. can be readily seen. j*>
* . o . o• o • <:> •o • Q i O • •:• • •:• • B •«> • o*o *o-*o<*^§h>*o k^o •: o • ch<x£<h>o^#
LETTER TO THE
CATTLE COMBINE
Smith Says It Was Not
an Indorsement.
TO ENCOURAGE INVESTORS
DOES NOT CONSIDER THE ORGAN
IZATION A TRUST.
The Capital of the Company Is Not
Sufficient to Secure a Corner
in Cattle in the State
of Texas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Aug. 2.— Attorney General '
L. S. Smith stated to-day that he has
given the promoters of the gigantic cat- ,
tie combination that is now in process
of formation no written or verbal in
dorsement hi" their scheme.
His only action in the matter was to
respond to a letter written him a short
time ago by George B. Loving, the
Texas representative of the syndicate,
staling to the latter that the organi
sation of a company with a large cap
ital did not necessarily make such a
corporation a trust or monopoly within
the meaning of the Texas anti-trust
)h\v; that he was glad to see invest
ments of capital made in Texas and sa
long as the laws <>f this State are not
violated sur-h investors would receive,
the encouragement and pr »tection af
forded them by the laws of this State.
Attorney General Smith stated to
day, in further explanation of his let
ter to Mr. Loving, that it was not in
tended as an indorsement of the enter
prise. Should the syndicate assume j
euch large proportions as to monopolize
the cattle industry of the State, result
ing in influencing the price of cattle 'or
to crush out smaller competitors, it
would clearly come within the pale of j
the anti-trust law and would be sub-
Ject to prosecution by the State.
It is believed, however, that the syn- j
dlcate in carrying out its present inten- \
tion to invest not to exceed $40,000,000
in cattle and ranch property will not
assume the proportions of a monopoly |
and that its operations will be of benefit
rather than detriment to small stock
men of the State. It is estimated that ;
it would require a capital of not less
than $150,000,000 to establish a corner on ;
rattle in Texas and the Southwest.
COLONEL TREVELYAN'S
OFFER TO GROWERS
Beady to Contract for Crops of Sweet-
Wine Grapes at Fourteen Bol
lars a Ton.
FRESNO, Aug. 2.— A meeting of wine
grape growers was held in Scandinavian
Colony last night to receive the report
of a committee appointed at a former
meeting to interview H. J. Crocker in
regard" to his wine grape offer of $14 a ton.
Mr. Crocker informed the committee that
the time was too short in which to con-
Blder the proposition of buying the sweet
wine variety, his offer relating to the
dry wine counties alone.
A desire was then expressed to hear
from the local winery representatives
nt. Sigmuml Wormser of the Cali
fornia Wine Association stated that he
thought the time was too short to form
a combine, as only about three weeks
remained before picking would begin, and
he advised the growers to leave the mat
ter of prices to the natural competition
of trade.
Colonel Trevelyan, manager of the Bar
ton Estate Company, then surprised the
growers by making an offer to buy all
sweet wine grapes at $14 a ton and pay
$9 a ton for Second crop muscats. Two or
three growers signed contracts on the
spot for their entire crop, but the ma
jority held back. Mr. Trevelyan stated
that ali contracts must be signed within
twenty-four hours:
CONVICTS ESCAPE FROM
LEAVENWORTH JAIL
One of Them Was Killed While At-
tempting to Board a Train a
Few Hours Later.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Aug. 2.—
Three -desperate convicts from the Fed
eral, prison who were in charge of Guard
Knief escaped while at work digging a
grave for a fellow-convict that had died
Tuesday. The prisoners were Jack Holly,
a horsethief, convicted at Paris, Tex.; L.
Priest and Will Beebe, both from Indian
Territory for minor offenses.
While at work on the grave Holly
struck the guard on the back of the head
with a shovel. The other two men then
attacked th<- guard, stripping him nearly
I. and then left him in a dazed con
dition. The funeral party, arriving at
the cemetery and finding the guard in
this condition, took him in charge and
with the corpse returned to the prison at
Fort Heavenworth, where the alarm was
sounded.
Late to-nisht a farmer from Lin wood
notified the prison officers that Jack Holly
was cut In two by a Santa Fe train which
h* attempted to board. He held his gun
in his hand while attempting to board the
train, and when he felj the cars cut the
gun In two. The guard is expected to"
recover.
VAST OIL ENTERPRISE.
Option Taken Upon the Entire Coal
inga Territory.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 2.— 1. H. Holabird,
well known here as a promoter *of large
enterprises, who has for two years been
associated with Senator W. A. Clark and
J. Ross Clark, has taken options upon
the entire territory covered by the Coal
inga oil fields in Fresno County. Mr. Hol
abird has had an expert in the field fnr
some time and will leave at once to make
a personal inspection. He said to-day that
he had no doubt he would be able to
finance the dval contemplated.
Gold on the Alameda.
SYDNEY. N. S. W., Aug. The Amer
lean steamer Alameda, Captain Ottendorf,
which sailed from thiß port to-day for
San Francisco, had on board £250,000 in
gold.
■m■■ . . . ■
Santa Clara Milk Company, 721 Howard
street. Pure country" milk, 5c per quart, j
Telephone Main 1C95. •
YELLOW FEVER
IS UNDER CHECK
No New Cases at Hamp
ton Home.
THE QUARANTINE TREBLED
DIFFICULTIES EXPERIENCED
IN MOVING TROOPS.
None of the Steamship Companies
Will Take Them— Wyman Rec
ommends That They Be Sent
Above Battery Point.
Pj>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2.— Advices re
ceived by Surgeon General Wyman up
to 9 o'clock from Hampton show that
the only change in the yellow fever sit
uation Is the addition of four suspected
cases to those already in existence.
Those have been removed from the
camp hospital.- This information and
the additional statement that there has
not been a death since 7 o'clock and
that everything with reference to the
fliscu.se is more than favorable, was re
ceived from Governor Woodfin of the
Soldiers' Home. He also wired that he
is quite sure the pestilence will be
stamped out.
A special to the Evening Star from
Newport News says that Governor
Woodfin at 10 o'clock to-day gave out j
the following official statement:
"No new cases of yellow fever; no |
deaths; situation practically under j
control."
The Star special adds that many of
, the best men in Newport News have
I volunteered and are on the quarantine
line, which has been more than trebled
in the last forty-eight hours.
Some difficulty is being experienced
, in removing the troops from Fort Mon
i roe. Non* of the steamship companies
will take them, and Just at present no
; Government transports are available.
| Surgeon General Wyman made an
! other vigorous protest against sending
; the troops to Buttery Point, and ear
nestly recommended to the War De
j partment the advisability of placing
them further north. The matter was
; again taken up with General Merritt,
I who acceded to the request of Surgeon
General Wyman. The garrison at Fort
: Monroe will be sent to some place fur
ther north than Battery Point, • Del.
The location has not yet been fixed.
Assistant Surgeon Yon Ezedorf, the
Now Orleans expert, to-day reported to
i the Marine Hospital Service his arrival
■ at Norfolk, en route to Old Point and
; Hampton, where he will assist Drs.
I Pettus, Wasdin and White. Hospital
: Steward Kolb also reported for duty at
| Hampton. Acting Assistant Surgeon
Frank Donaldson, an immune, was or
! dered to report to Dr. White at Hamp
ton to help handle the outbreak in
, Phoebus.
EXPERIMENTS MADE TO
IDENTIFY THE GERMS
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2.— The medical j
world at present Is very generally of !
the opinion that the specific bacillus
has not yet been identified. Recently
the announcement was made by San
arelli, an Italian scientist, that he had
segregated the germ of yellow fever j
and this claim was later affirmed by a j
German bacteriologist after a some
what less exhaustive research.
Surgeon General Sternbergr of the
army made a close study of the subject
and isolated a bacillus, which he did
not claim was the specific germ of yel- j
low fever, but one worthy of a closer |
study, calling it for convenience the j
"bacillus X."
The Army Medical Museum under j
General Sternberg's directions took up j
the subject, and Drs. Reed and Carroll
recently issued a preliminary note on
the museum's investigation, in which
they set forth that so far as deter
mined the bacillus of Sanarelli and the
bacillus X of Sternberg were identical
in their general forms and their effects
on the lower animals, and that both
seemed to be identical or very closely
allied with the bacillus of hog cholera.
Dr. Doty, the Health Officer at New
York, claims to have confirmed Sana
relli's discovery, and is carrying on a
series of curative experiments with a
serum for the destruction of the Sana
relli germ. The army medical officers
say, however, that no germ which can
Btand a temperature of 361 degrees be
low zero can be the germ of yellow
fever, which Is known to cease its rav
ages on the appearance of frost. The
Sanarelli germ was recently submerge-.!
in frozen air and came out ready for
business. The report of Drs. \Vasdin
and Geddings of the Marine Hospital
on their Cuban researches has not vet
been made public, but it is under
stood that they agree with Sanarelli.
MOLINEAUX IN COURT.
Pleads Not Guilty to Charge of Poi
soning Mrs. Adams.
. NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Roland B. Moli
nf-aiix was arraigned in General Sessions
to-day to plead to the indictment accusing
him of poisoning Mrs. Kate J. Adams. His
counsel demurred to the indictment. Judge
Blanchard overruled the demurrer.
Molineaux pleaded not guilty. Mr. Weeks,
counsel for the prisoner, asked when the
trial would take place. District Attorney
Gardner said that it would not take place
in August, and he could not tell whether
it would be held in Septf-mber or not.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, August 2.
Haw Btmr Barracouta, Irvine, S days 3 hours
from AoaDulco.
Stmr State of California. Parsons, hours
from Portland, via Astoria.
DOMBSTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Victoria, fm
Hongkong.
Sailed Aug 2 — Br ship Puritan, for Queens
town; schr Helen X Klmball, for Mahukona.
SAN DIEOO— Sailed Auk 2— Stmrs Alcazar
and Sequoia, for San Francisco.
SOTTH BENI>-Salled Aug 2— Bark Aureola,
for Saa Francisco.
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. ATTfI-UST 3, 1899.
NEGROES TO WORK
THE PLANTATIONS
The Suggestion of P. C.
Jones of Honolulu.
LABOR PROBLEM PUZZLING
ITALIAN PLAN BELIEVED TO
HAVE FALLEN THROUGH.
Some of the Best Results Have Been
Obtained by Men Working Un
der the Profit-Sharing
System.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, July 25.— The best minds
of the city are giving great attention to
the labor question at the present time.
P. C. Jones thinks that it would be a
wise thins for the planters to employ
some thoroughly competent person to
study the matter up and present a re?
upon it to the representatives of the
planters.
"The fact is." said Mr. Jones this morn-
Ing, "the gentlemen interested in the plan
tations are too busy to make an exhaust
ive study of the subject, but a clear re
port laid before them could be easily mas
tered and understood. Moreover, if there
were any flaws in the report they would
easily detect them. For this purpose no
cheap man la required. It must be a man
conversant with labor conditions and of
more than ordinary capacity. I am no
longer a member of ,the Planters' Associa
tion but I feel convinced that this is the
best'wav of acquiring the information and
evolving a definite plan to meet the crisis
which is coming.
"Another thing that I advocate— but it
does not meet with unanimous approval
is the introduction of about 2000 negroes
We have too many Japanese. I nave read
much that has been said against the
negro, but that does not apply to the class
I mean. What we want is men that will
come with their families. If 2000 are scat
tered among sixty plantations ihe fact
that they are here will be hardly noticea.-
Any one who noticed the negro regiment
that passed through must have been
struck by the fine physical development
of the men nnd their excellent behavior.
Of course, they were under discipline, but
I believe that just as well behaved men
are to be found ready to conic here with
their families.
•'Another aid to the solution of our diffi
culties 1 believe to lie in the adoption of
the profit-sharing system. About a year
ago I read a paper on the subject before
the Social Science Club, and everybody
I who heard it seemed to think the scheme
a good one; but it has rested there. I
! believe that the owner of an estate who
adopts profit sharing will have more
sugar and better results from M« planta
tion than the owner who has merely paid
labor however cheap it may be. Not only
is profit sharing a key to our own situa
tion but It Is one to many complicated
problems on the mainland.
"As to the penal clause in the contracts,
I have urged its abolition for a long time.
It should have been done at the last ses
sion of the Legislature."
S. M. Damon is of the opinion that the
Legislature cannot be called together to
abrogate the penal clause. If it could 1>"
it wmild be a step toward the solution of
what must be solved only one way six
months hence. Others have suggested
that the penal clause be allowed to be
come a dead letter, but that could only
be by united action.
J. B. Atherton says that now the Italian
plan has fallen through and the attention
of the Planters' Association is now being
turned to the Portuguese scheme of W. O.
lrwin and to possible immigrants from
Russia, It has been plain to every one
that the penal clause would come to an
end when the United States assumed full
control, and therefore many people had
not interested them«elves in It. When an
nexation was accepted the penal clause
was by that acceptance doomed.
REDWOOD CITY WILL
HAVE A PUBLIC PARK
Native Daughters Take Up a Project
for the Beautifying of Califor
nia Square.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 2— Redwood
City is to have a public park "in reality.
The members of Bonita Parlor, Native
Daughters of the Golden West, have taken
steps to institute this great improvement
with a determination to see the scheme
through to a finish.
Bounded by B, C, Third and Fourth
streets there Is a block of land designat
ed on the city map as "California Square."
Many years ago this tract was presented
to the corporation by S. M. Mezes with
the proviso that it Vie improved and made
an ornan.ental spot for the enjoyment and
recreation of the city's population. The
benevolent old gentleman has long since
been gathered to his fathers and the park
still remains a park in name only, bu( in
reality the corporation dumping ground.
An attempt was once made by the City
Council to improve the grounds and a few
sickly cypress trees remain to attest the
corporative spirit.
Trie Native Daughters are determined
that the hopes of generous Mr. Mezes will
be realized. In place of the waste of grass
and weeds lawns will spring up. Flowers
will bloom where unsightly heaps of dust
and refuse are now; there will be walks,
beautiful shade trees and seats, and in the
center a fountain of ornamental design.
The idea originated through a recent
visit of several young ladies, to Saaita
Cruz, where they found that a similar
project had been carried out by the
daughters. At a meeting of the parlor
here lust night the following committee
was appointed to begin the work; Mrs.
Dora Wilson, Miss Victoria Rousnel, Miss
I>ouise Roussel. Mrs. Isabel Stafford,
Mrs. J. F. O'Keefe, Miss Mary Doyle and
Mrs. Townsend.
TRAMP CONFESSES TO
A DOUBLE MURDER
Killed Two Farmers for Their Money
and Secured but Thirty
Dollars.
INDEPENDENCE, Kans., Aug. 2.— A
tramp aged 27 years, giving his name as
R. C. Young, has confessed here to mur
dering A. C. Bush and John Cooley, prom
inent farmers and stock raisers from the
Shlota Indian reservation.
Bush and Cooley were on their way to
Arkansas. They allowed Young to ride
with them one day, and that night he
killed them with an ax. The bodies were
found on the roadside near Fort Gibson,
I. T., on July 20. Young was driving when
arrested. He says he secured but $30 in
money.
GOLD ON BIG BEND.
Samples Brought Out by the Mayor
of Revelstoke.
REVELSTOKE, B. C, Aug. 2.— Florence
McCarty, Mayor of Revelstoke, and I. T.
Brewster of this city returned yesterday
from Smith Creek, in the Big Bend district,
and brought both gold and good reports
back with them as the result of their
seventy-mile horseback trip up .the Bend.
Smith Creek, they claim, has Deeh pretty
thoroughly staked by a class of prospect
era who work on the principle that silence
is golden. There are other streams, how
ever, that are open 6r partially so to
prospectors. The gold brought in by
Mayor McCarty and Brewster consists of
quartz, nuggets and dust worth thousands
of dollars, the exact amount of which wa3
withheld, most of which was secured by
placer mining. Residents of Revelstoke
and neighboring places are much excited
over the Big Bend prospects.
Armstrong's Case Continued.
SEATTLE, Aug. 2. — Habeas corpus
proceedings in the case of William Arm
strong of Chicago were continued to-day
until Friday afternoon. Fearing that De
tective Tyrrell of Chicago would attempt
to take Armstrong out or the State sur
reptitiously. Armstrong's attorneys asked
Judge Jacobs for an order remanding him
to the sole custody of the Sheriff pending
habeas corpus proceedings. The order
Issued.
OUTLAW LYNCHED BY
A MOB IN OKLAHOMA
Taylor Kirk's Brutal Murder of His Sister
Avenged by the Citizens.
WICHITA, Kan., Aug. — A courier arriving at El Reno, Okla- ©
homa, t6-day from Cloud Chief reports that Taylor Kirk, a +
murderer and outlaw, was lynched at Cloud Chief last night 2
by a crowd of infuriated citizens. ::*;-;;.; Q
• ; On July 4, near Cordell, Kirk murdered his sister be- g
cause she refused to attend a Fourth of July celebration with him. ;He X
then forced another Bister, who witnessed the crime, to swear it was ©
suicide. Later the sister confessed and had Kirk arrested. ;'• ±
Kirk broke jail and . organized a gang of followers. . Several at- V
tempts were made to capture him before he was taken in Texas last q
week and returned to the Cloud Chief jail. Sentiment against him was +
very strong there. - ©
Cloud Chief is fifty miles from a telegraph station and confirma- X
tion of the lynching cannot be received, but the report is credited here. >
O4O+O+O+ O ♦ O + O ♦© -KHO+O+ O +C+O+O-K>+ O f O ♦ O ♦© +o+o+o+*
ALGER WELCOMED
BY THOUSANDS
Ovation From Citizens
of Detroit.
PRAISE FROM THE PLATFORM
GOVERNOR PINGREE CRITICIZES
NEWSPAPERS.
Reception in the City Hall Corridors
at Which Mrs. Alger Was
Present— A Night of
Handshaking.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DETROIT, Aug. 2.— Whatever may
have been said of the late Secretary of
War, General Russell A. Alger, con
cerning the recent incidents of his of
ficial career, all sentiments save those
of genuine happiness were very evident
ly banished this afternoon and even
ing by the magnificent welcome ten
dered him by the people of his own city
and State. From 4 o'clock, when the
welcoming committee crowded into his
private car upon its arrival at Toledo,
until 9 o'clock, when the general ceased
grasping outstretched hands, the scene
was a constant and spontaneous ova
tion. Smilesr and tears repeatedly
struggled for the mastery over the
Secretary's bronzed countenance as he
gazed into the eager faces of the mul
titudes who loudly and convincingly
insisted that "Aider's all right," and
no dissenting voice was heard. Dark
nt-ss fell during the speeches from the
reviewing stand in front of the City
Hall, giving opportunity for throwing
a searchlight upon the features of
General Alger drawn in crayon on a
canvas fifteen feet square hung from
the City Hall and surrounded by pa
triotic decorations. A great crush at
the indoor reception was the final fea
ture.
The special train which met General
Alger and party at Toledo consisted of
six coaches. It carried 400 members of
the reception committee. General Al
ger was escorted through the recep
tion train and greeted by all. About
300 bicyclists and over 100 marchers
escorted General Alger from the Mich
igan Central station by a circuitous
course leading past the general's house
to the reviewing stand. Military and
veterans of the Civil War, including
Fairbanks Post, G. A. R., of which the
general is a member, a company of
Spanish war veterans and scores of
marchers in secret society uniforms
filed past. Fairbanks Post carried two
great banners, stretching half way
across the street, which declared
"There's Only One Alger!"
When General Alger appeared upon
the reviewing stand there was a roar
of applause from the dense crowd
which blocked all traffic across the
Campus Martlus. The ex-Secretary re
viewed the parade and returned the
salutations of many marchers,
especially those of veteran G. A. R.
comrades.
Mayor Maybury, after calling for
order, said:
"General Alger, I should despair, sir,
of being able to voice the heartiness of
this welcome were it not already shown
in this vast concourse through which
you have passed. It will go forth to the
world sir, that where you are best
known, there you are best beloved and
best appreciated. It will go forth to
the world, sir. a due notice that the
standard of high character built up by
patience and perseverance, honesty and
uprightness cannot be thrown down by
slander."
Governor John Pingree, in his speech
read in behalf of the State, made some
pointed references to the. incidents re
lating to Alger's home-coming, and
fired some characteristic shots at the
newspapers, which, he asserted, were
largely responsible. The Governor said
that Alger's best service for his country
was in his efficient management of the
War Department.
General Alger, responding, said:
"I can command no language to ex
press my gratitude to you for this royal
welcome to my home. I am glad from
the bottom of my heart to be released
from official care and to again enter the
old home and live among the people
of Michigan.
"Since I went away, two and a half
years ago as you know,, the country
has been through a terrflble struggle.
The office of which I was at the head
was taxed to the utmost of every man'a
strength who occupied any position in
it I gave my best thought and honest
effort and did everything I could to
carry out my part of that great work.
What has been done is a matter of rec
ord and I am perfectly willing to- rest
the case with my countrymen."
The closing scene was a reception in
the City Hall corridors. Mrs. Alger
and scores of other ladies, with several
of the general's relatives, viewed the
scene from a platform built into the
main stairway and thousands pushed
past and grasped General Alger's hand.
ASKS FOR NO REDUCTION.
Valley Road Considers Its Assess
ment Satisfactory.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 2.-A. P. Magin
nis, the Tax Commissioner of the Santa
Fe Railroad Company, appeared before
the State Board of Equalization to-day
in behalf of the San Joaquin Valley and
Santa Fe roads. He said that the valley
Company- was satisfied with last year's
assessment and asked for no reduction.
He applied for a reduction of the as
sessment of the Santa Fe Pacific from
Mojave to Needles, claiming that portion
of the road was run at a great loss.
FIVE SAILORS DROWNED.
Boat Which Was Conveying Them to
a Warship Capsized.
FTUME, Hungary. Aug. 2. — A boat
which was being used to convey sailors
to a warship at Budapest yesterday
evening was capsized, and five of the men
were drowned.
Advances made on furniture' and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1038 Mission.
COUNCILMEN TO
BE SUMMONED
Action of Mazet Board
of Inquiry.
ALL MAY LOSE THEIR HEADS
OFFICERS OF DREDGING COM
PANIES ON THE STAND.
A Friend of Croker and Lantry Ac
cepted $300 to Get an Incom
petent Man on the Po
lice Force.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— The most inter
esting thing that developed to-day In con
nection with the Mazet legislative investi
gating committee was the fact that every
member of the municipal council had been
subpenaed for to-morrow for the purpose
of determining why the present city leg
islative body should not be abolished.
A member of the staff of Mr. Moss. th«
counsel of the Mazet committee, attended
the meeting In the municipal assembly
to-day and served the subpenaes. With
each subpena was a letter from Counsel
Moss saying:
"You will be subpenaed to appear before
this committee on Thursday at 11 a. m.
and will be treated fairly and honestly.
The assembly will be urged to convene and
legislate against the municipal assembly,
and I desire that your side of the contro
versy shall be correctly presenu-d."
The taking of testimony to-day began
with the examination of William Beard
of the W. X. Beard Dredging Company,
\V. H. Saver Jr. of the International
Dredging Company and Charles Loomis
of the Atlantic Dredging Company. Each
testified as to the price received for dredg
ing.
The examination of these witnesses was
technical. It was shown that the rate
for dredging varied from 12 1/ 2 to 12* i cents
per cubic yard. The witnesses denied that
there was any agreement among them to
charge the city exorbitant prices.
R. C. Packard of the K. C. Packard
Dredging Company said there had been
probably for thirty-five years an under
standing among the dredging companies
to charge good prices for their work, but
the agreement had been a lamentable
failurt, especially on Government con
tracts.
Charles F. Murphy, treasurer of the
dock board, testified that his department
had given considerable work to th« Mor
ris & Cummings Dredging Company at
the market rate without public bidding.
The Dock Commission believed the com
pany to be a good, reliable concern. Mr.
Murphy said Tie generally allotted dock
department work to Tammany men when
he could. He had given contracts to the
Uvalde Asphalt Paying Company without
public letting. The law as he understood
it gave him the right to do this; if his
construction was wrong then he had vio
lated the law
Frederick Hall testified that he had paid
$300 to Julius Schroeder, a saloon keeper,
in order to get on the police force. Wit
ness said Schroeder was a friend of Com
missioner Lantry and Mr. Croker. Wit
ness had gone before the civil service
board and railed in the mental examina
tion. Schroeder said he would fix it all
right, but failed to do so and refused to
return the money.
The question of influence and method
connected with the changing of th>- mo
tive power on different street railroads
was taken up, James B. Keating, commis
sioner of highways; John Beaver, treas
urer of the Third-avenue road, and Presi
dent Ellas of the road being on the wit
ness stand. Nothing of importance, how
ever, was elicited from these witnesses.
The committee adjourned until to-morrow.
AGITATION AGAINST
AMERICAN PRODUCTS
Agrarians "V^ould Have Prohibitive
Inspection Laws Passed in
Germany.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2.— Agents of the
Agricultural Department who are in Ger
many report increased activity on the
part of the agitators who are exerting
their influence to curtail to the minimum
the importation of American food prod
uct? into that country.
While these reports are not made pub
lic, it is known that they represent that
greater effort than ever before will be
made to secure from the next meeting
of the Reichstag a statute providing for
an inspection by agents of the German
Government of all American products
which shall be so strict as to entirely
ignore the certificates of American in
spection.
The agitation is conducted principally
by the Agrarians, and it is stated that
the press is being used to quite an un
wonted extent to create public sentiment
adverse to all American food articles.
Especial attention is given to our beef,
and liberal use is made of the testimony
taken before the War Investigating Com
mittee • and the Beef Court of Inquiry.
This agitation in itself has had the effect
of reducing German consumption of our
meat products, but the officials here are
not especially apprehensive of legisla
tion.
POPE DENOUNCES ITALY.
Places Blame for Lack of Representa-
tation at Peace Conference.
LONDON, Aug. 3.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Daily Mail says the Pope
through Cardinal Rampolla, Papal Secre
tary of State, has addressed a note to the
nuncios abroad denouncing the attitude of
the Italian Government toward the Holy
See in connection with the Hague Con
ference. The note says that all the Gov
ernments except the Italian desired to
see a papal delegate there.
"This unworthy spectacle will be se
verely judged by history," says the Pope,
"while the papacy will lose nothing by
the exclusion."
ITALIAN FLEET MAY COME.
Residents of New York Hope to Have
It- in the Bay September 18.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2.— There is some
prospect that an Italian fleet may visit
American waters next month. A move
ment to that end has been on foot of late
among prominent Italians of New York,
the purpose being to have the fleet here
on September 18. when' Italy celebrates
a national holiday, and it is thought the
sailing north of the Italian fleet at Buenos
Ayres is the result of the movement.
Senator Tirman Dead.
PARIS, Aug. 2.— Senator Tirman (Rep.),
formerly Governor of Algeria, la dead. He
was born In 1837.
UNSIGHTLY OIL
DERRICK RAZED
Santa Barbarenos onthe
Warpath.
PROTECTING THEIR BEACH
OBJECT TO PROSPECTING FOB
PETROLEUM.
Prominent Men Sally Forth Armed
and Tear Down an Outfit That
Disfigured the Ocean
Front.
Special Dispatch to The 'all.
SA.JT V BARBARA, Aug. 2.— A num
ber of Santa Barbara's leading men
led an attack to-night on the oil der
ricks erected in front of fashionable
residence property on the sea front at
Miramar. For some time there has
been a mad rush to place derricks along
the beach fronting beautiful Montecito,
and no orue has dared interfere until to
night, when a party, led by Charles
Fernald, Reginald Fernald, Cameron
Rodgers and W. "VV. Burton, with ten
men, went down to Miramar with two
large trucks and tools to tear down a
large derrick that had been erected
quietly to-day.
The men began working at 10 o'clock
and at 11:30 had rucceeded in bringing
the greater part of the works to the
ground. Beside the derrick there were
a complete set of well-boring tools, an
engine for the required power and a
carpenter shop. Before the night is
over all these will be lying along the
county road, for, as fast as they are
torn clown they are put upon the truck
and hauled to the county road.
The persons who erected the derrick
are not known to the owners of the
property which it faces. Several prop
erty-owners at Summerland Jed just
such an attack against derricks erected
by the Southern Pacific on the beach
of a year ago, and the
company took no legal steps to prose
cute them. The derrick torn down to
night is an unusually large one. a plat
form upon which it rests being twenty
feet square and the derrick forty-five
feet high.
At 11:30 o'clock the men were working
hnrvi anc j s till on the lookout for an
attack. They are armed and deter
mined to put up a n ,ht if need be. Mrs.
C. 11. Fernald ' -he owner of the prop
erty. _____-_—— — .
ONCE A BANKER, HE
TURNS COUNTERFEITER
Story Back of the Arrest of J. H. !
Ormondy in San Luis Obispo
County.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 2.-J. H. Or
mondy, who was arrested at San Luis
Obispo recently on a charge of counter
feiting, will be brought here to-morrow |
to be tried in the United States Circuit
Back of this arrest is a story of pe
culiar interest. But a few years ago Or
mondy was a successful banker at Den
ver "He contracted the morphine habit
and went to the bad. Three years ago
be was arrested in this city, together
with his wife and son and daughter, fur :
counterfeiting. He was convicted and j
sentenced to three years in San Quentin. ;
His wife, son and daughter were ue
quitted, and his wife was tried for in- j
sanity and sent to Highlands Asylum.
Ormondy was rele:ise«l a few weeks ago i
and went to San I-uis Obispo. Within a
very short time aftrr hl.s arrival there
he was again arrested for making bogus j
money and tho chances are he will go j
j back to prison.
APPEALS TO SECRETARY LONG.
Alden Anderson Asks That Mare
Island Wages Be Restored.
VALLEJO, Aug. 2.— The mechanics of
this city whose wages were reduced in
compliance with the recommendations of
tho board, of wages are keeping up the
movement which was started to bring
about the re-establishment of the scale
of wages paid during the six months end
ing June 30. ISW. Tho various labor unions
have been gathering data from San Fran
cisco firms which they will present to the
proper authorities in the hope that relief
will bo accorded them. Hon. Alden An
derson. Speaker of the last Legislature,
has Interested himself in the cause of the
mechanics and has forwarded the follow
ing meSßage to Secretary Long:
Hon. John D. Long. Secretary of the
Navy, Washington, D. C: Hope you
will rescind action of naval board In
reducing wages on Mare Island navy
yard. In all other lines wages being
increased in California. Strongly rec
ommend letting wages remain at least
as they were before reduction ordered
on July 1, 1599.
ALDEN ANDERSON.
Speaker California Legislature.
FILIPINOS ATTACKED
ON ISLAND OF CEBU
Rebels Driven Out of the Trenches.
Otis' List of Killed and
Wound«d.
MANILA, Aug. Mail advices from
the island of Cebu announce that a com
pany of Americans last week attacked the
Filipino trenches situated two kilometers
from the town of El Pardo. The rebels
were commanded by the brothers Cllmace,
who are prominent and wealthy persona.
The Charleston shelled the enemy and
the Filipinos retreated.- • .
The American casualties were Blight.
The presence of the Climaces with the
rebels is said to have been due to rtbel
orders from Luzon. ••
WASHINGTON. Aug. 2.— General Otis
cables the following additional casual
ties *
Killed— Twenty-first Infantry, July 26.
near Calamba, Company H, William A.
Renned; July 30, Company C. William
Murphy; Company X, Corporal Charles
Henderson. ' . .
Wounded— Cavalry, July 26,
Company C, Edward -Oberhauser, fore
arm, alight; July 30, John McGregor, knee,
severe. •
First Washington Infantry. Company C.
Spawn Woodruff, neck, slight. •
Twenty-first Infantry, Second Lieuten
ant James M. Love, elbow, severe; Com
pany K. Charles Winters, thigh, moder
ate. , •'■-:- v ■ ■ '' ; : ;^--
STORM IN THE ALPS.
Bridges Swept Away, Flocks Drowned
and Crops Ruined.
PARIS, Aug. 2. — 5V storm of great vio
lence swept over the commune of Banon.
in the Basses Alps, yesterday evening.
The roads were washed out. bridges were
swept away, flocks were drowned, and on
the farms in that vicinity the crops were
ruined.
SALVAGE AWARDED.
Decision of the Admiralty Court in
the Aube Case.
LONDON. Aug. 2.— The Admiralty Court
to-day awarded £6245 to eight tugs and
five other vessels for towing off the
French steamer Admiral Aube, which
went ashore and sank in the quicksands
Rich— Yet Starving.
Doctors frequently have very wealthy pa-
tients who are starving to death.. They have
money to buy food, but their stomach has not
the strength to digest It. It lleß there a heavy
fermented mass, the sole cause of dyspepsia,
nervousness and biliousness. The surest rem-
edy to cure a weak stomach Is Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters. It will rentore vigor to the
digestive organs. Nothing Is ''just as good."
See that a private revenue stamp covers the
neck of the bottle.
near Harwich in January
from Hamburg for Sam
California.
Nominated to Succeed Bland.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. '2.-Th c Po Pu n sts of
the Eighth Congressional District, in con
vention at Jefferson City, to-day nomin
ated W. R. ¥ ale of-Phelps County for
w g?s ! -
DE. KILMEB'S BEMEDIES.
KIDNEY AND BLADDER
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED.
A Sample Bottle Sent Free h, Mail.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the won-
derful new discovery in medical scienre.
fulfills eVtery wish in promptly curing
kidney, bladder and uric acid troubles,
rheumatism and pain in the back.. It
corrects inability, to hold water and
scalding pain in passing it, or bad ef-
fects following use of liquor, wjne or
beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to -o often
during the day and to get up many
times during the night. The mild and
the extraordinary effect of Swamp-
Root is soon realized. It stands the
highest for its wonderful cures, of the
most distressing cases.- ......
If you need a medicine you. should
have the best.* Sold by druggist in fifty-
cent and one dollar sizes. You may
have a sample bottle 6t this wonderful
new discovery and a bcrok. that tells all
about it, and its great cures, both sent
absolutely free by mail. Address Dr.
Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. N. Y. When
writing mention that you read this gen-
erous offer in the San Francisco Daily
Call. ■■ ___________
TRUST
Your Oculist
And bring us the order for glasses. They will
be made to suit him and fit you. With the new
clip, don't slip. tilt, waver or pinch.
Factory on premises: quick repairing. Phono
Main 10. . »;I.'» : -
Mwud&tdMty
OPTICIANS PhoTOC^ pH^ nt ,fic Us '
642 Market St.. instruments
unDtK CKo.tiCi.e BuiiOihc.
' . ■ ' p ■■ ■ ,„.'---—
| A GENUINE REDUCTION SALE! I
fOn account of navlnc j
jBI closed up my Sacra- i,
fTfF mento • branch store 1 ?,
V-4 offer to my patrons and i
j^A. the public tn general 5
■■n $:.i>oo worth of -woolenß, \
JHS^K& which I wish to turn In' c
M cash before my fall and
winter stock comes In. S
%^BHffIMF See prices in the window. !
(BBT JOE POHEIM, I
THE TATI>OR. S
K^ilfcr 201-203 MontKomeryst.. },
pZ\&\ 1110-llia Market st.. j
HO San Francisco.
fyjj M» •lsr» Fourteenth at.. Oak- i
land.. %
143 ' South Spring St..
jl& Los Angeles, Cal. p,
Health is Wealth.
**ifi9 TIP A^^ JBa
DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
• THE ORIGINAL' ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Isßoldnndor positive "Written «uorautee,
by authorizod agents only, to cure Weuk Memor;-,
Dizziness, Wakefulncss, Fits. Hystenc. Quick-
ness. Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Coati-
donce, Nervousness, Lassitude, nil Drains, Youtu-
fill Errors, or Excessivo Uso of Tobacco, Opium,
or Liquor, which leads to Misery. Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At etore or by mail, il a
: box; six for $5; with written cnarantec'to
care or refund money. Sample pacu-
age, containing fivo days r treatment, with full
! instructions, us cents. Ono sample only sold to
each person. At Btoro or by maiL __»jj. -
Label Special /Gsffi&l
ktdffl® Extra Strength. t§£L J
§23f*Red Spccial i^Sß!>
Extra Strength. K^J
Fnr Impotency, Lops c\V^**4ry'
ik^*y^r Power, Lost Manhood, Wi fifcf.
s T«^L Hterility or Barrenness.^ j\'*"/
•^S^iftkH a box; cix for $5, withaT^Mj;
t*>sJtpffyiw rltten Kiiarantcc^fl^XV
-JsSs* tocurein3oaajß. Atßtoret'i'i'JSL^
BBFOREovbynail. AFTER
GEORGE DAHLBENDKR & CO.. Sole A*U..
in Keamy »t.. Ban Francisco. .
visit DR, JORDAN'S great^
#HUSEUH OF ANATOMY?
i Cd IC=l HABSt I ST. tot. t±trx CF.fel. i
\ t^> - The Largest Anatomical Muscnm in the \
A — World. Vi'eaknesses cr any ccnrractcil g
O'/>E «S I SpecialUtrn the Co*m. Esr.36ycais ' Q
6 &¥**& OR.JOROAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ I^Cflwß Co.isultatioij free and stri-tly private \
S i?2WM Tr.vinent persoruliy or by Irttcr. A a
:T M Jn| PotMv Curt in every case undertaken. T
#BL. \\tk W rite for B. AI-niIOMIIHVcf A
1 « jl ■ I™ linßl.lUi:, maiibd fxee. l.lf
I <J (M valuable boalc for mm) \
7 I»K. JOKDA>«(O 1051 MarkPtSt..S. F. ¥
§DR. MEYERS 4CO !
Cufa all Disease and Weak- '
r.ess of Men. Established 18 - -
veart. Pay when ; curtd. - Ij
Home cures a speciaJty. Frw |
book for men. Cal! or write ■
731 MARKET ST., 8. P. f
Elevator entrance. ■ ■ !
— : — ; : — — ?
d^lSh RUPTURE.
™*wv4/ L * sfE NO MOKE mox
f^EPfft-jM^^ Hcops or Steel SpricKs.
1 H-^^V^ cally CURED by thqusands radl-
II /JhV.^ cally CURED by DR. PiFRr-v-a
\/&* Ma B n.tio Elastic Truss VWU
C No C r WrU for NfW PaHrihi'J
MAONBTIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
620 MarKet '6t.. opp. Pauce Hotel. San **ran'cl«co
HALL'S BEINViaORATOi
■!■ ifll Five hundred reward for any
fT™ '^B caße we cannot cure. This secret
i_g ■ F 4j remedy stops all losses In 24
]■ feJS hours - c urts Emisalona Impo-
QlI3 ESffl nC^ ar »cocele. Gonorrhoea.
■bH EM V« lee L- , Flts - Strlctnres. I^>st
l^ig— gW Manhood, and all wasting effects
** ~ ' 01 self-abuse or exp p««ec s<»nt
sealed. f2 bottler 3 bottles. o Js:"S" a^eedi"
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE Oakland. Cal Als>
for sale. at 1073% Market st.. S..F. All privat*
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
' : j<' • ■ ~ . -.-. ■■• ~~" ■• • ■
#fe V% 61 IBM and Morphine Habits
3 lal I HH cured home. Wrf-
* *LJ all lImB {or fu)l particu'u i
Mi W^ U| IfSl i a NDiAN°OPrUM CURB.
11l I LIIbI INDIAN OF. UK CUR
' W ■ • ■ Iff! B. D KIMMIB. 201 Tnri
- . ' ■'.• i St., Stn Fr»nc.BßO
0 | Pf"- nnil I Corner Fourth an!
IAL UllVnl Mar *'t. S. V. Try
I (Irr n 1 1 1 111 our special Br< v
Unl L liU-lnl Steam and Lager.
Will ■L. . llUlrlL.6c. Overcoats a . :
f ■ ■ . . Valises checlced tree.
| Weak-Men:and : Women
I HOULD USE DAMIAMA BITTERS. THI-:
I VJ' great Mexican remedy; .fives . health an I
I ■trength to eexuai organs. Depot, 823. Market.ELIRINGHAM
GOES FORTH
A FREE MAN
Killing of Clark at Angels
Camp Regarded as
Justifiable.
DEFEMDjjIS HOME
Publio Opinion Approves the De
cision Rendered by Justice
Shephard.
Special D'.epate^ to Th» Call.
ANGELS CAMP. Aup. 2 .— Henry El
tringham. who shot and instantly killed
John W. Clark on July 17 at the home of
the former near Vallecito, was given a i
V-reliminary hearing before Justice Shep
hard at Murphys to-day. Frank J. Solln
eky del rinfrham and District At- ;
tomes " the P rose ~
The farts as brouerht out were substan
tially the same a-<= thoße given in The Call
at the time of the killing. Eltringham was
ir. court and took the sta- ■ I ti Btlfy in j
his own behalf. The once rugged moun
taineer is now but a shadow of his for
mer self. His fa^e d the torture
fee has experienced since the eventful day
when Clark met his death.
Dr. C. H. Freeman, the autopsy surgeon,
testified to the natur- fth The
45-caliber bail entered the left arm, shat- .
i the bone and, coi - !1 u S i
: the ,
heart. I r the right nip-
Die Tris testimony : witn trio
Statement n pham before the
prosecuti .n at
a case around this point.
Clark ■ h t}' •
tringham t I nquest to tbe
he fired at the man s right side
gthened his ••'■ by de
• g the relative positions of the prln-
EHringham's father and brother
In the vicinity of the scene of the :
according to - arrange
. being armed, the story
[ated to th< 0 I that < .ark
- - • at by E::ring:ham
by another shot from a
i th< hands of some one else. h.\
xpialned that when he testified
lest he was nervous and ex
• clear recollection or the
-kv finished ;
-s the case of the prosecu- j
ip In a mist.
ird took the case under:
I rendered his decision at
• ght. The defendant was .
. and went out among his
c town hall to wit
lings. General satisfac
: at the decision rendered
istice Shephard in upholding one In j
ting his home from a fiend such as ■
: imself to be.
SMELTING TRUST A
STOCKJOBBING SCHEME
Testimony of M. C. Chambers Before i
the industrial Commission
at Salt Lake.
SALT UKE, Ail?. 2.— The sub- cor- !
of the Industrial Commission
reached here last night and held two ses- ,
■ -day. At the morning session ex-i
•: C E. Allen of the Centen- i
Eureka mine was examined.
tils mine used machinery and
• . • • ■- connected with the
fited by it. He did not
think the Utah mine owners could afford
to pay Colorado prices for mining, be
•eis of a lower grade. He
tt the I'tah smelters had been berie
by the shutdown of
smelters.
on 84. C. Chambers, su
• the Ontario mine, was
littee. Fir expressed him
eving that the mining: lnt«
i a thriving condition.
of an eight-hour law and
ft! ■ lit s Of trusts. He '
ght the smelting trust was a stock
i - heme a:.d that the capital rep
st was more than the
i were worth.
TREATY AGAIN ATTACKED.
Trench Paper Claims America Has
All the Best of It.
FAR!?. Aug. 2.— The Republique Fran
;. t< news the attack on the
■ rican treaty, declaring that I
■•tain«-d on French prod
ftcant, while France, it!
granted considerable conces
■ • g I irq .-Tial sacri
lally, for example, on ma
iys America dis- ,
; : gl Ity .
Venezuelan Boundary.
PARIS. Aug. 2.— M. M.Uet-Prevost, the
secretary of the Anglo-Venezuelan Arbi- ]
a Commission, in his presentation
• Venezuelan case before that body
to-day devoted his argument to showing
that v] • ■ Sj effective control
1 1 the Orinoco to the Ese- j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Men as Nurse*.
There i=n't one man in fifty thousand who
\* a good nurse. The average maJi feels as
much out of place in a sick-room as a bull
in .1 China-store. His heart maybe
II of sympathy, but his feet are
: his fingers clumsy.
In most cases when a woman's general
health breaks down the original cause is
weaknes- or disease of the distinctly femi-
nine orgaimm The only permanent cure
•■■ the correction of all these disorders.
Husband- should know that Dr. Pierces
:ition is the only medicine
thai invariably cures all ailments of this
nature without "local treatment" and
'examinations ' It acts directly on the
delicate and important organs concerned.
It makes them well and strong. It allays
inflammation, heals all internal ulceration
a?;d stops debilitating drains. It soothes
and tones the nerves. Found at all mcdi
-tores. An honest druggist won't urge
nj on you a substitute.
I had female trouble for many years." writes
\ Lingelbach. of Granger. Sweet water Co..
W oming. and tried many physicians until I
mpletelv discouraged. Finally I took Dr.
Puree's Favorite Prescription for six months,
an ] I soon found that I was completely cured I
had been so bad I could hardly walk across the
floor, but I am now well and strong, thanks to
Dr Pierce '
No family should be without Dr. Pierces
Conmon Sense Medical Adviser. It used
to 1 ost Si .50; now it is free. Paper-covered
copy, 21 one-cent stamps, to cover mailing
only; cloth binding 31 stamps. Over
1 -' 000 American homes now contain
a of this great work. Address Dr.
IL' .". Pierce. Buffalo, N. Y.
AUTOMOBILE HAS
REACHED BUFFALO
All Difficulties Being Overcome in the
Westward Journey Across the
Continent.
BY JOHN D. DAVIS.
BUFFALO. NT. V., Aug. 2.— Tn a heavy
rain and hail storm the transconti
nental automobile arrived to-day at
2:50 o'clock and ran down Main
street at a good rate of speed. The
run from Bergen was made in good time
and at a rate of twelve miles an hour
until near Monroevllle, when a strong
head wind and clouds of dust were en
countered and headway was delayed.
However, th- run of fifty-six miles was
made In four hours and a half. We were
delayed at the forks, nine miles out. to
gft gasoline and to wait for the automo
bile escort. A thunder shower delayed
the latter, and in a heavy rain we ran
into town alone. The motor has work. .1
perfectly all day and not a hitch has oc
curred " This is the ilrst day without
some trouble since leaving New York
and from now on I think everything will
work satisfactorily. At the forks to-day
a newspaper man being carried into town
slipped on the tailboard and broke it.
and we will delay to have it repaired, but
will get away to-morrow afternoon.
WIND PREVENTED
VERY FAST TIME
BUFFALO, Aug. 2.— An immense crowd
d the travelers as their carrlag
drew up in front of the News office. The
trip from Batavia to Buffalo was smooth
enough. Until Bowmansville was reach
ed the machine maintained a rate of
twelve miles an hour. Hut at Bowmans- i
ville the wind " shifted and blew
ahead, and the speed of the machln<
off perceptibly in the face of the wind,
the dust - blow in t
clouds. This was not conducive to much
either. The automobile behaved
splendidly in spite of the adverse condi- i
tions.
Forks Station was reached at 11:40
O'clock. This station is only two miles
from the city line and the automobile
party expected to be in Buffalo, running |
over' asphalt pavements, in a few min
utes. They were disappointed, for the
vehicle came to a sudden stop. It did not
take Mr. Davis many minutes to learn
that the supply of gasoline ha I
hausted. There was no extra Bupply I
aboard. So a reporter took the tra
the city and bought a quart, which he
sent to" the stranded machine. Mr. and j
BUG THAT LAYS
DANCING EGGS
Strange Phenomenon of
Insect Life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING. Aug. 2.— The sulphur smoke
and arsenical fumes thrown off into the
otherwise clean atmosphere of Shasta
County by the smelting and roasting oper
ations of" the Mount Copper Company
have been responsible for more than one!
strange phenomenon in plant and insect \
life, but the latest expression is perhaps
the greatest novelty of all.
It has just been discovered that the
leaves of the common oak tree hereabouts
are swarming with embryonic life. Masses
of eggs, so small as to give the appear
ance of an unhealthy splotch, adhere to
the under side of the leaf, and as they ad
vance toward maturity they drop to t..f
ground and dance about like electrical
automatons. By holding an oak twig
containing any number of eggs to one's
ear a cracking sound may be heard like
the spitting of electric sparks. The shell
contains a tiny grub, working for release,
but what shape it takes upon reaching
maturity is unknown.
The curiosity is attracting a great deal
of local attention. In many places in
town collections of the eggs are on ex
hibition. A quantity- is laid on a table
and immediately they begin to disport
themselves, bounding about and spring
ing into the air sometimes to a height or
sixteen inches. They are particularly act
ive in the early morning.
No one is able to account for the phe
nomenon. A theory is advanced that
this embryonic parasite^ presence in such
abundance is probably due to the absence
of its natural enemy, the commoner in
sect life, which long ago fell a victim to
sulphur smoke and arsenical fumes This
latest insect novelty takes rank with the
sulphur bug, which is at home in the red
hot roaster piles stretching along the
mountain side above Keswlc
NICARAG-UAN CONGRESS MEETS.
President Zelaya Commends the
Treaty With the United States.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Aug. 2.— The
Congress of Nicaragua assembled to-day,
Senor Gomez. President of the body, pre
siding President Zelaya read his mes
sage opening the session. In it he com
mends the treaty made at Bluefields on
April 29 with I'r.i: nister
Merry and aska . to take meas
ures to prevent the threatened deficit in
the finances of Bhe country.
president /• the decision of
General Alexander, iiie arbitrator of the
dispute as to the boundary Une bel
Nicaragua and Cost - favorable
to Nicaragua.
CONGRESSMAN ROBBED.
William C. Lovering Encounters a
Brace of Pickpockets.
BRUSSELS. Aup. 2.— William C. "Love
' ring member of the I'nited States House
;of Representatives, of Massachusetts.
was robbed on Saturday last while on his
way from Ostend to this city. Mr. Leve
ring while in the station at Ostend, was
; jostled by two men. but he took little
notice of "the occurrence at the time. On
arrival in this city, however, he dlscov
: ered that his pocket-book, together with
■ in valuable papers and note
£85 sterling, had dfsaopeared. The mat
ter was placed in the hands of the police.
RAILWAY REORGANIZED.
MONTEREY, Mexico, Aug. 2.— The
Mexican Mineral Railway Company has
been reorganized and the new corporation
i proposes to Immediately extend the line
southward to th.- City of Mexico. The
[a now almost twenty-five miles long
and runs from this city to the San Pedrj
! mining district.
The Clara Crow Condemned.
STOCKTON. Aug. 2.— The Clara Crow
goes to the boneyard. When the trim
little steamer was launched thirty-five
years ago she was pronounced the crack
craft of the San Joaquin. The boat has
earned fortunes for several owners and
has of late years been used in the upper
river service by the California Navigation
Company. Recently she was taken out
of commission for repairs, but it was
found that the old-fashioned machinery
had played out and the rebuilding of the
boat would not be a paying propoaj
The boat was accordingly sold to < y
Morelng & Son, who are engaged in rec
tarnation work on Middle River. The ;
boat will be fitted up as a bunkhouse for I
the workmen.
To Wed a Suisun Belle.
ST'IST'N. Aug. 2.— The was
to-day announced of Miss Mary Emma
Robbi'ns, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R. D.
Bobbins of Suisun. and John Grant Sut
ton of San Francisco. The young lady's
father la a local banker and expensive
land owner. The marriage will take place
on September 14.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3. 1899.
Mrs. Davis went to the toquols this
evening They occupied b box at bheas
Theater as quests of J. Ambrose Butler
. dashboard of the carriage will be
lfT ow morning, and the
journey westward will be resumed about
4 o'clock in time to reach Dunkirk by
night.
RULING TO FOLLOW
DUCHEMINS DEATH
PARIS. Aug. 2.— The traffic death of M.
rise Duchemin through an accident
to an automobile on July 16 is lik<
. .. an interesting decision affecting
. nstructor. M. Ibert, provisional ad
trator of the estate of the deceased,
thi manufacturer and claimed
In the hearing before the civil tribunal
that the .-^ ■ ■.i<i»-nt was due to the faulty
truction of th- machine, as the left
wheel alone replied to the brake.
■ g the machine to swerve violently
ipsei The court applied
; i M, Caute, an engineer expert, to ex
amine the condition of the machine.
FRUIT PRESERVED
IN VACUUM CARS
Project of a Stockton
Inventor.
Facial Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Aug. 2.— The claim that
liquid air as a substitute for ice in cars
will greatly facilitate perfect preservation
of fruit in shipment in met by a Stock
ton man with a plan which he declares
is superior in every way. Frank E.
. who has devised the new system,
is already known In the inventive world.
He has a working model of his plan here,
but is preparing to give it a practical
demonstration on a car now being built
bis direction in Oakland.
("ovey has a practically air tight box
about a yard long and a foot and a half
wid'-, which represents a refrigerator car.
Attached to this is a pump, by which air
ctracted and a vacuum formed, as
nearly as possible. Into this box Covey
: ■ 'i a box of peaches, fruit that was
really too ripe to be shipped. He pumped
the box out every three or four hours.
Twi nty-two days after he placed the
s in the box he removed them, and
although the weather was unusually
warm, they appeared Identically the same
as when th>-y were "shipped.'' They had
not changed a particle. Rarefied air be
ing lower in temperature, it was several
degrees cooler in th»- box than outside.
Covey's invention is based on the theory
that fruit would be preserved forever if
. article of air could reach it.
To ascertain the effect as to dampness
two wide-mouthed bottles were placed In
box, one filk-d with water and the
other empty. A vacuum was then cre
ated, and when the "car" was opened
there was no water in either bottle.
Covey will attach a pump to the under
side of the car, with a pipe running up
through the floor. The pump will be op
■ ■ tea by what is known as a bali-and-
BOCket joint eccentric and will be run
from the axle of the car. In this way
•):•■ air will be kept continually exhausted.
By means of a relief valve when the
vacuum shows a certain pressure the
pump will be released from duty, pumping
in air through the chamber and out again.
As soon as the pressure is lowered the
relief valve will close and th<> work of
exhausting will commence again. The
pump to be placed on the first oar for a
test will be of eight-inch diameter, with a
ten-inch stroke.
YELLOW FEVER IN CUBA-
Four American Civilians Stricken at
Santiago.
SANTIAGO I>K CUBA, Aug. 2.— Four
cases of yellow fever have been reported
in the last four days, the victim? being
American eivilans. One case occurred in
thf Cosmopolitan Club.
General Wood believes there is little
danger of an increase- of the disease, a.«
nearly all the people are immune through
having had the fever or are Isolated out
side the town. The quarantine restric
tions of the port and municipality are
strictly observed. General "Wood and his
staff are in the city.
Work on Blue Lakes Dam.
STOCKTON, Aug. 2.— The construction
of the great Blu-' Lakes dam in Amador
County is 'progressing rapidly. Some dif
ficulty la experienced in getting men who
ar( able to stand the heavy work in an
altitude of c<\> r 8000 feet. The arrange
ments for the care of the men have been
very poor and an inducement of {2 25 a
day was not sufficient to get men to sleep
in the open. Bunkhouses are now being
built and fair inducements held out for
labor. There has been some difficulty in
getting thp materials over the mountain
roads to the site.
CAPITULATED UNDER ORDERS.
Defense of General Pareja Before the
Court-Martial.
MADRID, Aug. 2.— At to-day's sitting of
the court-martial before which Generals
Toral and Pareja are being tried on
charges of having surrendered to the
Americans before exhausting all means
!of defense at their command Genera]
; Pareja's counsel read telegrams ex
changed with the commander in chief
showing that Guantanamo was eapitu
i lated only on orders from a ruperior offi
i cer and that the town was without either
provisions or means of defense. The
i other officers advanced a similar defense.
| The judgment of the court-martial was
| deferred.
Railway Men in Conference.
PORTLAND. Auk. 2.— C. S. Mellen, the
president of the Northern Pacific Rail
way; C. H. Harriman, chairman of the
board of directors of tho Union Pacific,
and A. L. Mohler, president of the Ore
gon Railway and Navigation Company,
held a conference in this city to-day.
While the officers concerned are reti
cent regarding the subject of the confer
ence, it is understood that it related to
trackage arrangements between the
Northern Pacific and the Oregon Railway
and Navigation Company.
SHAW NAMED
FOR GOVERNOR
State Convention of
lowa Repubiicans.
OLD PLATFORM ADOPTED
WILL STAND BY LAST YEAR'S
GOLD PLANK.
Confidence Expressed in Administra
tion of McKinley and Praise for
the Heroism of Officers and
Men tn the Army.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DES MOIXES, Aug. 2.— The State Re
publican Convention to-day Dominated the
following ticket:
Governor— Leslie ML Shaw of Denison.
lieutenant Governor— J. C. Milliman of
Logan.
Superintendent of Public Instruction—
S. C. Barrett of Osage.
Railroad Commissioner— E. A. Dawson
of Waverly.
Supreme Judge— John C. Sherwin of Ma
son City.
The first four nominees are the incum
bents and were named by acclamation.
Judge Sherwin was nominated on the
foiirtri ballot.
The convention met in the new audito
rfum at 11 a. m. and listened to the ad
dress of Temporary Chairman Charles
Picketi of Waterloo. The hall was packed
with some 2500 delegates and visitors, and
Chairman Pickett's address was generally
applauded, particularly where he indorsed
the administration and its policy of ex
pansion. After the appointment of the
working committees, the convention ad
journed to 2 p. m.
At the afternoon session the conven
tion listened to an address by former
Congressman G. W. Curtis, permanent
chairman. Mr. Curtis said in part: ,
The dlsting-uishe'i results of the Republican
victoriet ox happy auguries for
the future. The Kepublican party wul, n per
. under Providence to continue to ad
minister the affairs of the Government, main
tain ..rder ana law and put down all Insurrec
tions.
ll will also solve and administer the affairs
i.f finance .*.- they pr "iuce the greatest possible
- to ail the people. It will so adjust and
ic-a.ljus-t our Uaae relations with other nations
that the wase-earnera of thla country will
tain their preser.t proud position of being
! and ra -Ht intelligent laborer.- In
all the world. It will successfully grapple with
the problem of unlawful trusts and combines,
esc r tyranny or injurious
monopolies shall di. s tre=? or burden the people.
The following resolution was presented
and adopti
\\> commend the action of the lowa dele
gation in Congress in support of protection,
of the Dingley tariff, of the maintenance of
the gold standard and on ■- .'aithtul support
or' the administration of President McKinley
in his policy in peace and war. We rejoice
In the prospect election of L>avid B. Hen
derson to be Speaker of the House of Represen
tatives and Indorse him as wholly worthy of
that honor. We readop< the following declara
tion from the lowa K^iubiican platform 'of
U9S:
"The monetary standard of this country and
the commercial" world is gold. 'me permn
nence of this standard must be assured by
Congressional legislation, giving to it the va
lidity and vitality of public law. All other
money must be kept at a parity with gold."
And we urgently, call upon our Senators and
Representatives in Congress to lend their best
endeavors to enact these propositions into law.
We denounce the Chicago platform and its
declaration in favor of free trade and free
silver coinage at the ratio of 16 to 1 and Its
attacks upon the irts as threatening the
American people with a departure from the
policy of good government that would prove
fraught with evil to the American people. The
enormities of that platform call for the re
sistance of all good .cltixens. As Republi
cans we make recognition of the loyalty and
exalted patriotism of the sound money Demo
crats and men of all parties who put aside
partisanship in order to maintain the good
faith of the nation and in resistance to the
Chicago platform and its candidate. To main
tain the welfare of the people is the object
and aim of all governments.
Industry and commerce should be left free
to pursue their methods according to the nat
ural laws of the world, but when the business
aggregations known as trusts prove hurtful to
the people they must be restricted by laws,
and if need be abolished.
Confidence in the high purpose of the
President, the skill of the officers and the
heroism of the men In the army and navy
are expressed, and moral and material
support promised them so long aa there
is resistance to the flag anywhere.
MARYLAND DEMOCRATS
MAKE NOMINATIONS
BALTIMORE. Aug. 2. —The Democratic
State Convention, which was hell at
Ford's Opera-house in this city to-day,
resulted in the nomination of the follow
ing ticket:
(Juvernor. John Walter Smith of Wor
cester County.
Attorney General, Isidor Rayner of Bal
timore.
Comptroller. Joseph N. W. Herring of
Cai roll County.
The convention was unusually harmoni
ous and all the nominations were made
by acclamation. Edwin Warn" eld. .Mr.
Smith's principal opp> nent. withdrawing
at the last moment aid placing the suc
cessful candidate In nomination.
John AValter Smith, the- nominee for
Governor, is a banker and resides In
Snowhill. Worcester County. He has
served 'n the State Senate fur three con
secutive terms and was elected to Con
gress last November from the First Dis
trict.
Isidor Rayner. the nominee for Attorney
General, is a lawyer and has long beet
prominent in political and social circles
of the State. He served In th" Fiftieth,
Fifty-second and Fifty-third Congresses,
and is regarded as one <>f the best politi
cal orators of Maryland. All the candi
dates are favorable t" ;i gold standard.
The date fur holding the Republican
State Convention has not yet been an
nounced. Governor Lloyd Lownde. 1 has*
practically no opposition for renomina
tion.
POLITICAL REVOLT
IN OLD KENTUCKY
LEXINGTON. Ky., Aug. 2.— A political
revolt in Kentucky was inaugurated here
to-day. The anti-Goebel conference here
for the purpose of calling a State conven
i tion and nominating another Democratic
State ticket, or part of one, was in some
respects perhaps the most remarkable po
j litical gathering ever held in Kentucky.
| The conference was composed of leading
I farmers and professional men. only a few
i politicians being in the assembly.
it was manifest from the beginning that
the feettng was not against the whole
ticket but against its head, and although
other nominations may be made against
those of the Louisville convention the op
position will be mainly directed toward
the defeat of "Willinm (loebel.
The gathering whs larger than expect
ed. There were 720 men by actual count
lin the auditorium. Thirty counties were
I represented. A committee on resolutions
I composed of one from each district and
two for the State at large wery? appoint
ed. When this committee retired to draft
resolutions John Young Brown was es
corted to the platform and made a vigor
ous, impassioned speech in denunciation of
i the'eourse of the Louisville convention.
! The resolutions committee report recom
mended the indorsement of Bryan and the
Chicago platform, denounced the methods
: of the Louisville convention to secure the
! nomination of AVilliam GoebeL, declared
: that the report of the committee on cre
dentials of the Louisville convention was
! secured by shameful and fraudulent tac
; tics denounced "McKinleytem" and other
1 national affairs and provided that the
I convention be held in Lexington on
! Wednesday, August 16. to declare prln
; oiples and nominate candidates for the
: November election. Each county or legis
lative district was urged to appoint dele
' gates to the convention, each county beinx
', entitled to one vote for every 200 votes or
I fraction over 100 polls cast for W. J.
; Bryan In 1896. It was further resolved
1 that Mator P. P. Johnston is now the reg
j ular and legal chairman of the State Dem
RISK THEIR LIVES TO
RESCUE A COMPANION
Two Brave Young Women of Los Angeles
Save a Friend From Death in
the Surf.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 2.— The Misses Susie Carpenter and Katie
Rldgway were yesterday heroines of an exciting episode in the surf at
Redondo. They made brave efforts to save from drowning their com
panion. Miss Helen Wells, and succeeded. That Miss Wells is to-day
alive is due to the act of the two young women, although Miss Carpen
ter nearly lost her life in the effort to save her friend.
The three, who are daughters of well-known Los Angeles citizens,
were bathing in Redondo surf. Miss Wells ventured out too far, and
finding herself helpless in the breakers, cried for help. Miss Carpenter
swam to her assistance, but Miss Wells, like all drowning persons, be
came unmanageable, and Miss Carpenter's danger became as great as
that of the friend she was trying to save. Both girls would have
drowned but for the aid of Miss Ridgway, an expert swimmer, who
hastened to their aid and by dint of hard work managed to get them
to the life raft.
>r>««^<H-O4<^3 < ?' 0 ♦ 0 $0/? > 0-?*B-0$ > 0 ♦ 0 * o^o<K>^o<^oe N 0
ncratic Central Committee, and he was
urged to take legal steps in accordance
with this position.
POLITICS IN OHIO.
Gold Democrats May Again Vote
With the Republicans.
SEATTLE. Aug. 2.— Ex-Congressman J. j
H. Outhwaite of Ohio, now a member of j
the Board of Ordnance and Fortifications j
of the War Department, arrived here to
day. Speaking of Ohio politics Mr. Outh
waite said:
"If the Ohio Democrats reaffirm the
Chicago platform the Republicans will
carry the State."
Mr. Outhwaite, who belongs to the gold
wing of the party, said that a large ma
jority of that element of the party would
vote the Republican ticket n J. R. -Mc-
Lean were nominated for Governor or in
dorsed for United States Senator by the
convention.
YEAR OF PROSPERITY
AHEAD FOR BAPTISTS
Mrs. Sunderland's Optimistic Address
to the Home Missionary
Society.
SANTA CRUZ, Au(f. 2.— The Baptists
from all over California are gathered at
their summer resort at Twin Lakes and
every cottage and many tents are occu
pied.
The Women's Baptist Home Missionary
Society of California has completed its
session. Associational secretaries as fol
lows have been selected to serve for the
coming year: For the Sacramento River
Association, Mrs. Carroll of Red Bluff;
South Central Association. Mrs. F. S.
Lawrence of Emmanuel Church of San
Jose; American River Association, Mrs.
Smith of Shasta; Central Association,
Mrs. J. H. Helsley of Ceres; Paciric Asso
ciation. Mrs. A. D. Banks of Sacramento;
San Joaquin Association, Mrs. Austin of
Dinuba.
The committee on enrollment includes
Miss Edith Reid of AJameda and Mrs.
Robert Whittaker of Oakland. On the
obituary committee is Mrs. E. R. Bennett
of Oakland.
Mrs. Sunderland, the president, was
very optimistic in her address and looked
forward to a prosperous year, as did Mrs.
L. A. Johnson in her report for the board.
The treasurer, Mrs. E. A. Joy of San
Francisco, reported for the general mis
sionary work SBl2 TO, with a balance of
Si 4o ov hand. Fifteen dollars and Bixty
rive cents was raised for the Chinese
kindergarten work. Miss Ham of Oak
land reported missionary boxes valued at
Jmil hau been sent lo missionary churches
during the year.
The obituary committee reported that,
the following had passed from this life
during the past year: Mrs. Pierce of
Berkeley Mrs. Perkins of the Tenth-ave
nue Church of Oakland. Mrs. Jenne of
Santa Cruz. Mrs. Davis of the First
Church of San Francisco. Mrs. Gilmort or
Fresno, Mrs. Strong of Sacramento, Mrs.
Price of Red Bluff. Miss Janson of the
Dano Norreigen Church of Oakland.
The reports from the associational sec
retaries were all encouraging and were
given by Mrs. J. H. Helsley, late of don
gales for the South Central Associan-n.
Bin Carroll of Red Bluff for the Sacra
mento River Association, Mrs. Austin of
Dinuba for the San Joaquin Valley Asso-
elation.
Those who participated in the discus
sion on the apportionment of money that
should be raised by the circles were Mrs.
J H Helsley of Ceres, Mrs. Carroll of
Red Bluff and Rev. P. S. Lawrence of
The ladies voted to assist Miss Wuttke
of Sacramento, who is to enter the train
ing school for missionaries at Chicago.
Miss Hapstn>m. a missionary among
the Swedes in Oakland, who is a giadu
ate of the training school, gave an ad
(l r * BB<
A missionary platform meeting was held
and among the missionaries who ad
dressed the meeting were Miss tgli of the
Chinese church. San Francisco: Miss
Hagstrom of the Swedish church of Oak
land; Rev. F. S. Lawrence, pastor of Em
manuel Church in San Jose and the
churches at Palo Alto and Mountain
View; Row P. Peterson, pastor of the
Danish church at Watsonville; Rev. J. H.
Hargreaves. and Rev. \V. M. McCart of
the gospel wagon work.
Rev. C. M. Hill of East Oakland pre
sided at the session of the general con
vention to-day. It opened with a song
and praise service. Rev. Robert \\ hittn
ker the State missionary, gave a report
on the present status of work in Northern
and Central California. This was fol
lowed by a report of State Treasurer E.
F. Baker.
In the afternoon an address was Riven
by the pastor of the First Church or San
Francisco, who spoke on "Enthusiasm in
The open parliament on "How Shall We
Care for the Little Country Churches?"
brought forth many good points.
The annual sermon was preached this
evening by Rev. A. M. Petty.
NEW COLORADO RAILROAD.
It Will Pass Through a Belt of Vir-
gin Timber.
DENVER. Aug. 2.— Contracts have been
' awarded for the construction of a branch
of the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad
from Gato to Pagoda Springs, about
thirty miles.
The new road is known as the Rio
; Grande. Pagoda and Northern Railroad
' and passes through a magnificent belt of
virgin timber, where extensive mills are
already being set up and started.
Lively Bidding for Apricots.
VENTI'RA. Aug. 2— The dried apricot
market In this county is exceedingly
strong and many sales are reported. Buy
ers are offering 10 c^nts a pound and there
I* considerable excitement in fruit cire'es.
The Johnson-Locke Company of San
Francisco has rurchased about thlrty-nve
carloads or ,'i.Mj tons of dried apricots.
This firm made one large purchase to-day
at a fraction over 10 cents. There are
about ten buyers in the field, and bidding
is becoming lively. Fifty carloads have
been purchased. The price started at 9^
cents and is now ruling at 10 cents, with
an upward tendency. Many growers are
holding for 12*4 cents. The entire crop in
the county is over 100 carloads.
Rural Mail Delivery.
STOCKTON. Aug. 2.— Special Postal
Agent W« E. Annln arrived here from
Salt Lake to-day to confer with Congress
man de Vries in regard to the establish
ment of rural mail deliveries in the Sec
ond District. Mr. de Vries has made a
special effort to secure some of the bene
fits of the recent law extending the car
rier service to country sections and be
lieves he will be able to obtain the serv
ice for certain suburban districts of Sac
ramento and Stockton. Congressman tie
Vries will accompany Agent Annin on his
trip of investigation and will try to har
monize local rivalries in order that the
district as a whole may obtain the largest
possible benefit.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. _J. IJoonao, 1017-1023 J^lMion^
SAYS THE HARVEY
JURY WAS BRIBED
Charge Made by a San
Rafael Woman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PAN* RAFAEL. Aug. 2.— The poolroom?
operated at Sausalito have been the
source of some ugly scandals, in which
the names of prominent citizens have
figured, but Mrs. J. P. Roberts of this
city cave a story to the Marin County
authorities to-day which caps the climax.
She alleges that Joseph Harvey gave ex-
Sheriff Henry Harrison $60 to be distrib
uted among three jurors who voted for
acquittal at his recent trial and that the
mnney was secured by Trustee Sylva of
Sausalito. District Attorney Mclsaac will
immediately investigate the charges and
if he deems them susceptible of proof
will bring the matter before the Grand
Jury.
A few days ago Mrs. Roberts' husband
disappeared. She tried to get a warrant
for his arrest on the charge of having
eloped with Mr?. Josephine Nelson. Fail
ing in this she saw Sheriff Taylor and told
him that her husband, who had served on
the Harvey jury, had admitted to her
that Trustee Sylva had procured $60 for
three jurors— Roberts. Ramon Valencia
and a man whos- name she did not know
Ex-Sheriff Henry Harrison, now chief
engineer at San Quentin Prison, was ac
cused of having brought the money to
San Rafael for distribution.
Sheriff Taylor held a long consultation
with District Attorney Mclsaac to-day.
While both officials refuse to divulge any
facts, they promise a sensation in the
near future.
Ex-Sheriff Harrison, when seen at San
Quentin to-night, denied that there was
any foundation for the story.
CROWD HELD UP BY
FOUR HIGHWAYMEN
BUFFALO. Aug. 2.— A special to the
Express from Corey. Pa., says: A bold
highway robbery took place in this city
at 11 o'clock last night, when patrons of
the Pawnee Bill show were returning to
their homes. Four armed men held up
500 people. The robbery took place on
Center street.
The robbers had destroyed the arc light,
leaving the road in darkness, and with
drawn revolvers they proceeded to stop
the people and carriages, blocking the
street until at least 500 people were held.
Charles Parton, a haekman. made an at
tempt to drive on. The four men opened
fire upon him. but none of the bullets
took effect. The people in the rear of the
crowd, hearing the shots, became panic
stricken and made a rush for their lives.
A man named Smith, a peanut vender.
was relieved of about $t3O. From a stran
ger who would not give his name was
taken about $2">J. The highwaymen were
not caught.
TWO RACES FOR EACH YACHT.
DORVAL, Quebec, Aug. 2.— The Glen
cairn 111. the Canadian yacht, and the Con
stance, the American yacht, started to
day in their fourth race for the Sea
wanhka cup. The Constance had already '
won two races and the Glencairn 111 one.
The Constance crossed the starting line
at 1:55:23 and the Glencairn 111 at 1:55:31. i
The course was triangular, one and a
third miles to a leg. to be sailed over
three times, twelve miles in all.
The Glencairn 111 turned the first buoy '
of the first round at 2:10:21. and the Con
stance at 2:12:23. The Glencairn 111
turned the second buoy at 2:31:37: the Con
stance at 2:34:18. The Glencairn 111 com
pleted the second round at 3:34:13, and the
Constance at 3:35:45. The Glencairn fin
ished first at 4:15:15; the Constance fin
ished at 4:20:54. The deciding race will be
sailed to-morrow.
Ferry Landing Site Chosen.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 2.— The several
interests affected by the location of the
ferry landing at San Pedro and Terminal
Island, across the bay from San Pedro,
practically reached an agreement to-day
when the County Board of Supervisors
took up the matter of a franchise for the
ferry. The landing on the island given
by the Terminal road was selected, and
the Third-street landing on the San Pedro
side decided upon. The Southern Pacific
had agreed to give a landing there, but
objected to the Fifth-street landing, di
rectly opposite the landing on the island.
Third street was selected as a compro
mise.
Newspaper Changes.
VENTURA, Aug. 2.— Within a short time,
not later than September 1. J. H. Mason
will retire as co-publisher of the Ventura
Free Press, the Republican organ in this
county. Mason has leased his half inter
est to D. A. Webster, at present publisher
of the Santa Paula Chronicle. The paper
will be conducted by Willis & Webster.
R. A. Dague will again take charge of the
Santa Paula Chronicle. The Ventura
Daily Signal announces this evening that
hereafter the paper will be issued semi
weekly, on Wednesdays and Saturdays.
MEYER— STRAUSS.
Miss Nelly Meyer, daughter of Morltz
Meyer and niece of Daniel Meyer, the
banker, was married last evening at the
home of the bride's parents, 2714 Pacific
avenue, to Julius Strauss, a prominent
export merchant of Yokohama. Rev. Dr.
Voorsanger officiating. Miss Jeannette
Meyer, sister of the bride, was maid of
honor, and Leon Meyer of London wa.s
best man. Only relatives and a few of
the most intimate friends of the contract
ing parties were present.
Mr. and Mr?. Strauss will take a wed
ding tour to the South and then depart
for Yokohama on the 18th inst.
During the evening many cablegrams
and telegrams were received in congratu
lation of the happy event, and two rooms
filled with costly presents attested- the
good wishes of the frieritis of the .new
made couple.
Alma Howard's Arrest.
There appeared in yesterday morning's
Call a short item to the effect that a
woman named Alma Howard was arrest
ed for shoplifting at the Emporium. An
error was inadvertently committed by
the police so far as locating the place
where the theft occurred is concerned.
The woman was arrested in another es
tablishment in the block above the Em
porium.
Death of Capitalist Lowe.
Edmund R. Lowe, capitalist, was found
dead in bed yesterday morning at 3 o'clock
at his residence. 2118 Post street. He had
been attended by a physician for some
time, and an inquest waa waived. Mr.
Lowe waa SI years old.
DYEA BARRACKS
RAZED BY FIRE
VLlitary Stores Go Up in
Smoke.
SOLDIERS MOVED TO SKAGUAY
BLAZE STARTS FROM BURNING
FORESTS.
White Pass and Yukon Railway
Buildings at Glacier Reported
Destroyed by a Con
flagration. , .
PrPCial Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Aug. 2.— News of the de
struction by fire of the United States mili
tary post at Dyea on Friday of last week
was brought to this city to-day by re
turning passengers on the steamship
Humboldt. Military stores to the value
of tSOOe were destroyed. About $20,000
worth of stores were saved by the prompt
work of the soldiers under command of
Captain Hubby. The fire started in the
brush back on the hills and swept down
on the fort.
The soldiers composing the garrison
have, with their remaining stores, been
moved to Skaguay. and are now quar
tered in one of the large warehouses near
the water front.
Forest fires are said to be raging all
along Lynn Canal. The Glacier station,
roundhouse, outbuildings and water tank
of the White Pass and Yukon Railway
are reported destroyed.
TWO MEET DEATH IN
THE ELECTRIC CHAIR
Oscar Rice and John Kennedy Pay
the Penalty of Their Crimes
at Auburn.
ATBT'RX. N. V., Aug. 2.— Oscar E. Rice,
a white man. and John Kennedy, a negro,
were put to death by electricity in the
prison here to-day. The two executions
took place within twenty minutes. Rice
w;»< supported to the electric chair in a
state of collapse. The executions were
successful. , ,
Oscar E. Rice stabbed and slashed his
wife with a pocket-knife on March 25.
1898 The woman ran into the roadway,
where she fell. Rice threw stones at her
while she lay helpU-ss and then cut his
own thmat. Hi? v, ■ >und was not serious,
but the woman died.
John Kennedy stabbed John Humminsrs,
colored, nine times on October P. 1595. The
murder was caused by jealousy.
DEATH OF E. R. LOWE.
Retired Yolo County Capitalist Passes
Away in San Francisco.
WOODLAND. Augr. 2.— E. R. Lowe, one
of the wealthy men of Yolo County, died
at San Francisco at an early hour this
mnrninsr. He had been in feeble health
for many years, but when he retired at
9 o'clock Tuesday night he was cheerful
and apparently as well as he had been
at any time for two or three years. His
death' was due to heart failure.
Mr. Lowe was a native of Missouri and
SI years of age. He married Miss Lucy
L. "Hodge of Kentucky on December 27.
1847. n 'hey came to California in 1&52. first
locating in Grass Valley and afterward
In Sutler County. The basis for Mr.
Lowe's fortune was Yolo County real es
tate, which he reluctantly accepted In
payment of a debt.
Mrs. Lowe died in 1W and Mr. Lowe
decided to relieve himself of all business
cares and responsibilities. He resigned
the position of director in the Bank of
Yolo. and distributed the bulk of his for
tune among his five children.
The body will be brought to Woodland
for interment.
ASTOR IS SILENT.
Will Not Discuss His Recent British
Naturalization.
LONDON*. Aug. 2.— William Waldorf
Astor has been besieged by reporters since
the official announcement yesterday that
he was naturalized a British subject on
July 27.
He absolutely declines to see any one.
but has authorized his agents to say that
he considers the matter purely personal,
has no explanations to offer, is quite pre
pared for the attacks of the American
newspapers, who attacked him when it
was previously suggested that there was
a possibility of his becoming a British
subject, and in conclusion that any inter
views purported to be with him are de
void of foundation.
POWER FOR COMSTOCK.
Contract Virtually Awarded for Sup-
plying Cheap Electricity.
The contract for supplying the mines of
the Comstock with electrical powej at a
cheap cost has virtually been awarded to
the Truckee River General Electric Com
pany. The terms of the contract were
satisfactorily arranged yesterday at a
meeting between Attorney w. F. Deal and
President Charles Hirschfeld. representing
the Comstnck Pumping Association, ana
Attorney Hall McAllister Jr., representing
the electric company.
The contract was awarded to the
Truckee company because its proposition,
after a most searching investigation, waa
found to be. the most feasible. San Fran
cisco and Chicago capital is behind the
cheap-power enterprise which is to make
a modern and profitable mining camp of
the Comstock.
THOSE AWFUL PAINS
IN MUSCLES ||iL
HUDYAN CURES.
all DHVCGI9TS.
Are promptly relieved by the gTeat HUDYAN.
These pains are permanently cured by Hud-
" Why does HUDYAN cure? Hudyan cures be-
cause It neutralizes the foreign acids that are
in the "blood, and by gently stimulating: the
liver and kidneys to increased activity these
acids are filtered from the blood and eliminated
, from the system. This la why HUDYAN is a
permanent cure for Rheumatism, for this con-
dition is termed Rheumatism.
Pains in the shoulders (Fig-. 1), pains in the
elbows (Fig. 2). pains in the back (Fig. 3).
pains 'n the knees (Fi*. 4), pains in the ankles
(Fie. 5), pains in any of the joints or muscles,
indicate rheumatism. Hudyan is the infallible
remedy for such cases.
If these acids are allowed to remain in the
blood they will in time destroy the delicate
heart structures (Fig. 6). That is why heart
disease is so often a complication of rneuma-
HUDYAN at once neutralizes the acids that
are in the blood, and so prevents serious heait
complication. Hudyan readl?y re _
I-+ ♦ lieve3 the swelling of
IMFN AND Joints or muscles,
wnMFN also removes the
Arwicpn stiffness of Joints
i ADVISED when these are due
fKE-fc. i*. to rheumatic trouble.
I Call or Write. Hudyan relieves and
-"*■ cures.
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists— a
package or six packages for t2 50.
PTf your druggist does not keep HUDYAN
send 'direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO..
cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market st».. San
Francipco, Cal.
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
TORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OS".
34
Latest Events in the World of Sport
THE COLUMBIA
DISABLED DURING
A TRIAL RACE
New Steel Mast Is
Snapped.
BREAKS SQUARELY IN TWO
ENTIRE SUIT OF SAILS GOES
OVERBOARD.
Previous to the Accident the New
Yacht Had Easily Outstripped
the Defender From the
Start.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEWPORT, R. 1., Aug. 2.— An accident
to the Columbia marred n hat promised to
l>e a. thorough test as to the relativo
epeed of that boat and the Defender in a
line topsail breeze, and late this antr
noon he new boat was towed to her
builders' works at Bristol a total wreck
above deck. Her new steel mast was
lent louble just about half-way between
the deck and the masthead and all that
remaii of her lagnincent spr< of
canvas and especially made, rigging was
piled up in a heap about the stump of
The mast, a tangled mass of wire shrouds;
metal turnbuckles, blocks and ropes.
Practically all that remained was iho
steel boom an I gaff and the bowsprit,
.and even the gaft was damaged a trine
lit the ...us.
The dismasting of the Columbia oc
curred less than an hour after the new
and old cup defenders started on the beat
out to a flagboat off the north end of
.Block Island, when the two contestants
had covered about half of the distance.
The Columbia was leading at the time
and was eadily drawing away from her
rival. The two boats were holding it
along a port tack and into the Point Ju
dith Channel, about three miles off the
point; the new boat having the weather
positi and fairly tearing through the
water, when there was a sound of break
ing spars and in an instant the topmast
went crashing lown to leeward, carrying
with it the fine new club topsail and small
jib topsails. The steel mainmast at once
buckled in the middle and down same
the upper end of the spar and the huge
mainsail dropped into the water on the
starboard side.
Fortunately all hands escaped injury.
The discipline was excellent, not a man
leaving his place until Captain Barr gave
orders to clear away the wreckage and
get the canvas aboard, and then the crew
went to work with a will, clearing up the
tangle, the Columbia drifting with the
waves, a dismantled and sad-looking
craft.
The Associated Press tug took the Co
lumbia In tow and proceeded with her to
Bristol. On examination of the wreckage
it was found that the port spreader had
broken upward by the strain of the top
mast shroud, causing the topmast to
break off. The sudden force of the spar,
the weight of the topsail and clubs com
ing against the starboard masthead
shrouds was too much for the steel mast,
and it instantly collapsed. The topmast
shroud, which Mr. Iselin said was the
cause of all the trouble, was not in just
the position to properly support th< top
mast, which fitted into the masthead, tel
escopic shion instead of being stepped
forward of it. The topmast shroud leads
upward through the spreaders to the head
of the topmast, and although the crew of
the Columbia swayed the topmast for
ward as much as possible for to-day's
race the port spreader was not able to
stand the strain.
The expense of repairing the Columbia
•will be heavy, and although most of the
•wire shrouds and stays can be used again,
they will have to undergo a severe test
as to their strength, for the wrenching
they recei to-day may have caused
them to be worthless. The hull of the
boat was noi seriously damaged, the only
perceptible injury being a large dent in
«-ne of the plates on the starboard side
just abaft the mast, cut by either the
blocks or spars striking it. The damaged
plate can easilj be bent Into shape, and,
being bo far above the water Hne, cannot
interfere seriously with the speed of the
boat.
The Challenger's Voyage.
GREENOCK, Atitr. &.— Captain Hamil
'" the Allan line will navigate the
cup challenger Shamrock to New York.
Sir Thomas Lipton this morning said:
"The br»r.;s will trip their anchors off
Falrlie too-morrow. It tva.s intended that
they s ■ via the Azon s,
quite to thi' southward of the usual trans-
Atlantic steamer courses. The Shamrock's
■ .. II b "S. V- M. X.'
-•i 1 ber lights will be green at the
■• v n nd pold on the mainmast.
The Erin's flag is 'R. 0. M. TV "
Dependable Drugs
Ort-Ratc
Prices
Cut-rate prices are steady
. prices at the Owl.
Advertised prices are not j
"specials" for certain days, j
but regular, lower-than-others'
prices all the time.
We know it — want you to
know it.
Pierces Prescription 70c
Well advertised to sell for Si.
Save 30c if you buy here.
Anita Cream 40c
Being largely advertised at
present to sell for 50 cents.
I Palmer's Oriental Tea 2^c ||
A laxative tea for liver trou-
bles. A good regulator.
Pinkham's Compound 75c
A female remedy which usu- ;
ally sells for $i. I
Eskay's Food 20c
The small size; 50 cent sire
40c; 75 cent size 6<>c.
fP <£OT- RATE f- Js|
E)!2UCCISTS^-. |
1 128 Market St. <£==_=b l|
Tel. South 356. San Francisco
10th and Broadway (Tel. Main 309) Oakland ||
People suffering from dyspepsia or-
rimes attribute this illness to other trou-
bles tlian the right one. Shooting pains
apparently in the heart or lungs almost
convince one that those organs are af-
fected. Nine times out of ten the real
seat of the mischief is the stomach.
For stomach trouble no remedy k as
good as Carter's Dyspepsia Tablets.
They give almost immediate relief.
They assist the process of digestion
Be sure you get Carter's.
SEARCHLIGHT
THIS SEASON'S
FASTEST PACER
Smothers His Field at
Columbus.
LOWERS HIS OWN RECORD
BEST THBEE CONSECUTIVE
HEATS OF THE YEAR.
The California Gelding Outfoots Ana
conda, Frank Bogash, Chehalis
and Others Without
Any Urging.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS, Aug. 2.— This was a great
day of racing at the Columbus Driving
I'ark. The weather was Ideal and the
track was very fast. Searchlight paced
til-.- fastest three heats of the season—
2:03*4, 2-M 1 - i and 2:0-1— and clipped a half
gecond oft his record. The Maid en
a sensation among the turfmen by win
ning the postponed 2:10 pace after failing
STEEPLX aiASC
WILL BE COMPETED FOR AT THE MONTEREY MEETING.
The officials of the Pacific Coast Racing and Steeplechase
Association are leaving nothing undone that would aid in mak
ing a social and a sporting success of their outing at Monterey
during the last week of this month. Shrove & Co., the silver
smiths, have completed two more trophies from original de
to finish better than third In any one of
the four heats paced Tuesday. The Maid
ulso established a new world's record for
four-year-old mares when she paced the
fifth heat of the race in 2:05? i. The best
previous record was 2:06%. made by The
Maid at Cleveland last week.
Thf 2:04 pace, despite the fast time, was
won by Searchlight apparently without an
effort. The gelding is undoubtedly the
fastest pacer out this season, and he. was
almost a prohibitive favorite in the bet
ting. His performance in the first heat
was nothing short of sensational. There
were six starters— Bessie Bonehill. Ana-
Frank Bogash, Searchlight, Di
rectly and Chehalis. Anaconda took the
lead at the start, and it was evident that
McHenrv proposed to force McCarthy tc
drlvt Searchlight out, for Anaconda wont
the flrsi quarter at almost a two-minute
gait Searchlight moved up slowly, and If
was a pretty race all the way to the
three-quarters, with the horses neck and
neck after they passed the half and Di
rectly Close behind. As the horses came
into the stretch Searchlight shot ahead
and held the lead, passing under the wire
two lengths ahead of Anaconda without
being urged. The official time by quarters
was ::tOV 1:01, 1:29% and 2:039 i.
A orotf-st was at once raised against tne
time it bring claimed that the heat was
made in 2:08$. the half being :69% ii
of 1-01 This was the time caught by a
number of horsemen. The official times
indicate that the third quarter was made
seconds, considerably under a two
minute gait. The protest was not regard
ed however, and the quarter of a second
keeps Searchlight in the 2:04 class.
The gelding won the remaining two
heats with as much ease as the first. The
pace was too hot for Chehalis, and, after
staying one heat, he was distanced.
Ace, the horse which showed such speed
in the 2:10 pace on Tuesday, disappointed
his backers in the finish to-day, not being
able to get better than fourth place In
the concluding heats. While Ace was
generally considered a sure winner after
he had taken two heats on Tuesday, there
were a few wise ones who pinned their
faith on The Maid, and they were the
only ones not surprised when the mare
outfooted the Held in three consecutive
heats.
The Queen was favorite in the 2:24 trot
and won the rare easily in straight heats.
Tudor Chimes was heavily backed in the
2:12 trot, but the gelding never had a show
to win. Bonatella took the first heat and
ed back in the next two.
Dr. T^eek taking the second and
Aknka the third. Ronateila won
the next two heats and the race,
being hard pushed in the fourth by Al
toka. The favorite- made a magnificent
ppurt at the finish in the last heat and
was I. eaten only a head. Results:
2:10 pace, purse $2000 (postponed from Tues
day)— The Maid won fifth, sixth and seventh
heats. Time, ! '■• : ,, 2:07%, 2:08%. Ace won
third and fourth heats and was second. Time,
B:06H, 2:00. Eyelet won second heat In 2:il7 ! i
and was third. William Me won first heat In
2:074. Arbutiekln. Hydrogen, Fanny TMllard,
Fire Gilt, Split Silk, Minnie Irene and Don
nogh also started.
2:04 pare, purse $2000— Searchlight won in
■traight heatn. Time, 2:o2'i. 2:044, 2:04. Ann
conda second, Frank Bogash third. Directly,
Bessie Bonehtll and Chehalis also started
2:24 trot, purse $3000— The Queen won In
straight heats. Time, 2:114, 2A2'£., 2:12',j.
Owyhee second. Chain Shot third. Amiss,
Kscobar, Princes?, Jean Lee, Tesla and Ed-
Winter also started.
2 .12 trot, purge $3000— Bonnatella won first,
fourth and fifth heats. Time, 2:lf>>4, 2:10>4.
t:W&. Altoka won third heat In 2:13 and was
second. Dr. L>eek won second heat In 2:10%
and was third. Tudor Chimes. Carly Came,
Georganna, Pilotfn and Ruby also started.
OLYMPIC CLUB BOXING BOUTS.
The 'gymnasium nf the Olympic Athletic
Club will be gay with the uniforms of
army and navy officers to-morrow night.
The directors of the club have invited the
officers of the battleship lowa, those of
the Oregon and Nebraska regiments and
cf the Utah battery to witness the boxing
bouts which have been ai ranged for the
members and guests.
As the bouts are all promising ones the
fighting men of the United States will see
the most interesting "scraps" that have
come their way since they faced the Fili
pinos. Superintendent W. J. Kennedy has
ki-pt ;i watchful eye <*n the boxers during
their training, and tvili have them on hand
fit to fight tor their live?. Preparations
are being made to entertain a large at
tendance.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. N'oonan, 1017-1022 illssioa.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1599.
MAY HEMPSTEAD
EASILY WINS THE
HENDRIE STAKES
Country Dance Runs
Second.
MAXINE TAKES A PURSE
OUTFOOTS BOX ON A SLOPPY
TBACK.
Diggs Annexes a Selling Race at
Harlem and Glissando Is Third
in a St. Louis Han
dicap.
Special Dlspateh to The Call.
SARATOGA. N. V.. Aug. 2.— The Hen
drie stakes to-day were a gift to May
Hemps tead. Lady Lindsay showed spood
tor a timt\ but suon shot her bolt and
retired. Dr. Hendrle's own entry, Toddy
Ladle, ran wide on the turn, sulked and
came in later. Results:
■Five and a half furlonß? -Sakhrat won. Fln
dus Becond, Post Haste third. Time, 1:08^.
signs — onf for the horsemen, the other for the amateur sailors.
These added to the cups they have already made for the
golfers, both men and women, and for pigeon shooting, has »
ball and polo, make a brave show. Entries for the- various
events elope with Frank J. Carolan, secretary of the associa
tion, before the 15th lnst.
Mi> nrri thrf>p-slxt<?pnth=— Pnn <ie Oro \\< n.
Acucena second. Laverock third. Timo, 1 :-\.
Hendrie Ftak~.«. mii>- an.! a sixteenth— May
stead won. Country Dance second, Lady
Lin Isaj third. Time. !.l- ; _.
Mii>* and a slxtPenth—Anuebus won, Alarm
Great Neok third. Time. 1:49.
Mite and a half, six hurdles- Julius rat-gar
won, Ell Kendig second, Klnvara third. Time,
1:50.
NICW YORK, Aug. 2.— A heavy shower after
the second race at Hright"n Beach made the
going very sloppy. Results:
Five and a half furlong*— Lady of the \ ale
won Her Ladyship second. Musette third.
Time, 1:09 1-5.
Sl* furlongs— Elfln Ponig won, fheeeestraw
second. Gold Or third. Time, 1:16 2-3.
Five furlong", selling- Peace won, Star of
1, Touralne third. Time,
One mile— Galathee won. St. Clair second, The
Elector third Time, 1:41 4-5.
On« mile— Maxine won. Box second. Rappn
hannock third. Time. 1:43 3-,".
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Maurice won,
Free Lance second, Twlnkler third. Time,
1:51 8-5.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— Weather clear; track
fast it Harlem. Reseults:
Five furlongs, two-year-olds — Mitten won.
Clara Woolay second, Amia third. Time. I : < * 1 .
Six furlongß, Belling— iGeorgla won. Free
Hand Becor.d. Arlington third. Time. 1:13%.
One mile— Tulane won. Greatland second,
Latchkey third. Time. 1:42*4.
One and flve-elgbths miles, selling— Barton
won, Teutons second. Gun Metal thin!. Time,
2:B0%.
Five and one-half furlongs— Lady Elite won,
Dlclc Furl^r second, Rtrathbroeck third. Time,
1:08%.
Six furlongs, selling— Diggs won. Vie La
mont second. Brightle S third. Time, 1:18.
ST LOUIS, Au^. 2.— Tract fapt. Results:
Selling, one and three-nixteenth mile? Hns
quil won Terra Incognita second, Hittick
third. Time. 2:05%.
Spiling, one mile— Ferroll won. Ransom see
on.! Helen Paxton third. Time, 1:43.
Handicap, five and one-half furlongs—Mor
ris Volmer won. Oussle Fay second. Gllssando
third. Time, 1 :09.
Tlnndicap. six furlongs— Duke of naden won.
Imp Mint Sauce second, Alleviate third. Time,
Frf-p handicap, one and one-sixteenth miles —
Pir Rolla won. Chlmura second, L.a Josephine
third. Time, 1:49.
DETROIT, Auk. 2.— Weather pleasant; track
fast at Windsor to-day. Results:
Six furlongs, Xekarnis won, Leo
Lake second. Lord Frasler third. Time, l:lfi\i.
Four and one-half furlongs— Hie Away won,
Grumble second. Owensboro third. Time.
1:56"..
Seven and one-half furlonßK— Braw I^ad won.
Dick Warren second. Pearl third. Tim». 1:36V4.
One mile, Bellini;— Guilder won. Rotterdam
second, Frank Nlcholl third. Time. 1:43.
One and one-sixteenth miles, selllns; — Sallle
Lamar won, Red Pirate second, Charlotte M
third. Time. 1:48*4.
Six furlongs, selling-— *iolmes won,
Pcrclta second, Elßle Barnes third. Time,
1:15%. _
WILLIAMS' YACHT
EASILY THE BEST
COWES, Isle of Wight, Aug. 2.— This
j was the second day's racing In the re
! gatta of the Royal Yacht Squadron and
brilliant weather prevailed. The prize
competed for was £100 and the course
• sailed over was the Queen's Cup course.
I A grand start was made in a light east
' southeast wind. The yachts crossed the
! line in the following order: Meteor, Brl
; tannia, Bona, Satanlta and Rainbow.
The Britannia drew ahead, but on re
! turning from the westward the Meteor
led, with Bona second and Britannia close
up. The Meteor won. She finished at
1:25:05. The Bona finished at 1:55:01. As the
' yachts passed Cowes. The Meteor waa
eleven minutes ahead of Britannia. At
I this point Britannia gave up the race.
The remarkable victory of the Mt.'teor
; over the Bona proves that she is the best
j racing yacht in England. English yachts
men are beginning to feel grave doubts a3
to the chances of the Shamrock. Em
peror William wired to the sailing com
mittee at ("owes the following reply to the
I congratulations on the Meteor's victory
j in the race for the Queen's cup:
Sincerest thanks for kind wishes. So
Borrv the Empress' mishap forbado
my being: present. I am overjoyed at
winning my grandmother's trophy.
The handicap time allowance to Brit
annia was simply appalling.
WUjHZLM, Kiel.
J. B. Robinson, the South African mil
lionaire, and his family have arrived here
on a magnificent 700-ton yacht, La Belle
Sauvage. There are brilliant entertain
ments and parties on all sides.
WITH THE BASE
RUNNERS AND
STICK WIELDERS
Burt Oliver Will Pitch
for Oakland.
PERCENTAGE OF THE TEAMS
NIGHT GAME AT SAN JOSE A
NOVELTY.
Gossip of Managers, Enthusiasts and
Players— lnterest in the Sport
Is Now at High Tem
perature.
A general conclave of baseball manag
ers and enthusiasts helped wear out the
pavement on the corner of Stockton and
Market streets yesterday afternoon.
Hank Harris, beaming with smilos— soft
remembrances of last Saturday and Sun
day; r>oe McGraw, king of the fruit plok :
.rs; Cal Ewlng, who owns the tail end
ers, and Jack Bonnet, foregathered and
discussed the situation.
Ewing and his Dudes were the target
&\aiTING
for most of the chaff, until the Oakland
manager sprung a surprise by announc
ing that he was about to sign Burt Oli
ver as pitcher. "The contract is almost
consummated," said Ewing; "in fact, you
might say it is completed. There is no
need to tell you what Oliver is, as he
has made a great record for himself in
many high-class amateur contents. He
was rated the best amateur on the coast."
In Oli%-er the Oakland manager certainly
has a good man. He pitches a remark
ably speedy ball and has good control of
his delivery. For years he has beon con
nected with both baseball and football.
He is a big man. of great weight and
has remarkable strength. In one game
against tht- University of California he
struck out sixteen men. Ewing will prob
ably not play him on Saturday or Sun
day Of this week, allowing full time for
training and reaching the proper condi
tion.
There will be a novelty in baseball at
San Jose this evening when the San Fran
cisco team will battle with the Prune
Pickers in the first electric light game
played on the coast. Eighteen arc lights
have 1). . n placed on the ground and every
thing that can be dene, to make the ven
ture a success has received the attention
of the promoters. It is very likely that
but six innings will be the limit of play.
Exhibition Imse and distance throwing,
sliding to bases and general baseball an
tics will be features of the evening sport.
If the affair proves successful, Cal
Ewing and Hank Harris will follow in
line and give their respective cities the
same kind of show.
The Wasps have a substantial lead at
present, due in the three straight victo
ries over Santa Cruz. The Senators and
the Lobsters are nip and tuck for second
place, with a good chance of the former
taking place money in the near future.
Sacramento is playing good ball, showing
Improvement every day. The race to-day
carries as much interest as it did a week
ago. Ewing has ordered his men to prac
tice four clrvs a week and instituted a
system of fines that will soon keep the
life bugs moving in the veins of the
Dudes. They practiced at Recreation
J'ark yesterday, to become accustomed to
the grounds. All the teams are being put
to work and a better class of ball should
result from it. The standing of the teams
Is as follows:
CLUB 3.
7-
-1
v
3
n
3T
o
o
3
0
3
N
5
c
7!
I
5
5
3
p
s
a
<
T
5
5
4
5
x
i
a
-
8
7
5
7
4
0
3
•
29
23
22
21
19
17
:
4S
42
42
i 41
41
] **
6
3
San Francisco..
Santa Cruz ....
Sacramento ...
Pan Jose
Watson ...
Oakland
3
6
4
4
3
5
3
4
2
2
4
6
.0
Z
4
X
.;
"3
22
31
Lost
I-
Andrews is the star of the San Jose
tossers. He has pitched eight winning
games out of nine, quite a different record
from that of Borchers, who is on the to
boggan and seems to have lost confidence
in himself.
Harper, the hot weather twirler, is the
man of the hour. Last Sunday he struck
out ten Dudes and did .not allow a hit
off his delivery.
Donovan, who has been suffering from
bad kidneys, is so far recovered that he
may be able to line up with the Dudes
this week.
Hunton of San Jose is meeting the ball
well, but is unfortunate in landing it In
the fielder's hand.
Manager Tuttle did not return home
with his team. The three defeats had
raised a cry at home, and he waited un
til the storm blew over.
An enterprising local firm has offered
an elegant gold medal to the most popu
lar local player of the league.
Watsonville has its lines out for Loh
man as catcher, Francks second base and
Babbit short.
Long, the new umpire, made his debut
at Sacramento last Sunday and proved a
succesß.
O'Meara, the player signed by San Jose
in place of Graham, has proved a failure
and has been released.
The fielding of Streib and Fitzpatrick
in last Sunday's game was of the very
best or» n er.
Several of the managers are registering
kicks againßt the Watsonville grounds.
They claim that the box is six inches
lower than the rest of the field and built
on cement, while the plate is fixed above
the field, making it difficult for all visit
ing pitchers to gauge distances.
COURSING MEN
HAVE MUCH TO
KEEP THEM BUSY
Two Parks Bidding
for Patronage.
SUPPLY OF DOGS UNLIMITED
RESERVE STAKE FOR DECISION
TO-DAY AT UNION PARK.
Although for Non-Winners, There
Are Many Greyhounds of Qual
ity Entered — The Ingle
side Draw.
The second of the midweek meetings at
Union Coursing Park will be held to-day.
Although the stake Is limited to non-win
ners tl:ere should be some good sport.
Good dogs are often so unfortunate ;is to
be drawn repeatedly against the fleetest
dogs on the coast. This places them
among the non-winners, although they
may be of excellent class.
The open stake for Saturday and Sun
day was drawn last night, closing with
eighty-eight entries. The prize money
totals $72"), divided— sllo to the winner, $75
to runnor-up, $f.O to third, three at $30,
five at $17 50, eleven at $12 50, and twenty
two nt $7 50. The draw resulted as fol
lows:
Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs vs. J. Seg
geraon's Candelaria: H. A Deckelman's Prmcs
George vs. J. Maher'a Safeguard; H. F. Ander
son's CrawfWJ Lad va Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Lady Emma; .J. Kerrigan's Lady
Blanche vs. Aenid Kennels' Butterscotch; J.
Dean's Gladiator vs. P. Brcphy'a Benlcla Boy;
iJaily & Seibein's Shylock Boj vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Firm Friend; E. M. Kelloggfs Kid Me-
Coy vs. J. O'Dowd'a Shootover; T. Sullivan a
Maid of th.- ilill vs. J. I. u'Brien's States
man; J. P. Thrift's Forgive vs. J. Morrisons
I.iddie; J. Bradshaw's Hazel Dell vs. Handy A
Smith's Twin City Girl; .7. Seggerson's Guld
Hill vs. M. J. O'Neill' a Pat Kellly; D. J.
Healer's Amaroaa vs. B. M. Keliogg's Hum
mer; Ster! * Knowles' Sleety Mist vs. H. Pink
ham's Newsboy; Curtia a.- Son's McKinley vs.
Handy & Smith's Petroniua; J. Sheridan's
Foresi Qui r. Hai ly & Smith's Lady Hugo;
M London's Sharkey \~. I»• J- Healey's
Grenada, J. Dean's Mialmo vs. Ed Evan's
Hurricane; Aenid Konn»-Is' Ath.-nla vs. Handy
*.- Smiths Victor; Aenid Kennels' Maid of
Krln vs. D .1 Healey's }■'■■>■ Glory; J. Dennis'
October Woodcock vs. J. P. Thrift's Target;
Curtis & Son's Blackette va. J. Kerrigan's Con
queror; Curtis-' A Sun's Maud S vs. I'eter Dv-
Jardln'a Lily Wheeler; H. A. Deckelman's
Glen Chloe vb. J. Connell'a Senorita; J. C.
Thrift's St. Michael vs. J. iv.nnell's Lok Boy;
M Mlchalik'a Gler Roy vs. F. A. McComb's
Royal Flush; J. Connell's Mamy I'leasant vs.
J. H. Dickson'a Black Bess; Kussell, Allen &
Wilson's Lady Herschel vs. H. \V. Wright's
Nancy X; Curtia & Son's Luxor vs. K. Bau
nieifter's Warrior; J. Kennedy's Wine West vs.
Handy & Smith's Magic; it E. de B. Lopez's
v, in na vs. Murphy & Toland's Twilight Jr.;
. imelster'a ffinnlng Ways vs. J. Dennis"
The Devil; H. F. Anderson's Crawford Braes
vt .). Kenn< ;. i Ever Shore; G. J. Penario's
(.'id Glory vs. H. A. Deckelman' a Lawrence;
Pasha Kennels' Metallic vs. F. Jones Moon
light; A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty vs. W. J.
Hrowning's Mountain Belle; Bartel Bros.'
Bryan va J. .). Warren's Sweet Lips; Handy &
Smith's H»n Bolt va George Shannon's Wait a
Little; Daily & Seibein's Gyspy vs. Aenid Ken
nels' Vnn dole; M London's Magneto vs.
Bartel Bros.' Beer Brewer; Lawlor & Watson's
Richmond Lad vs. .!. Kane's Crusoe; Bartel
Bros.' Hen Hur vs. E and U. Scott's Lord
Byron; J. Kennedy's Nighttime vs. Sterl &
Knowles' W'ae; A>-nid Kennels' Aenas vs. D.
Lord'? Bonita; .1 Sheridan's Forest King vs.
U. J. Healey'a Maori Land.
The officers of Tnglesidr- Coursing 1 Club
are pi resume the sport at their
park on Saturday and Sunday. The draw
will be held at Pythian Castle to-night.
The fcase of D. Hooper and his dog Koo
lawn will be considered at .1 meeting of
Union Park directors to-night As the
owner baa acknowledged that Koolawn
was drugged it in a Foregone conclusion
thai Borne one will be disciplined for the
breach of racing etiquette.
ACME CLUB BOXERS
AFFORD GOOD SPORT
OAKLAND, Aug. 2.— Gentlemen's night
at the Acme Club furnished some good
sport. George Dodson and Billy Crawford
fought six rounds and Dodson was given
the decision. These two men fought a
draw In San Francisco some time ago
and went into the ring prepared to make
a record.
Jack Capeles of the Acme Club knocked
out R. Whyres of San Francisco in the
fifth round. Billy Phant of the Eureka
Club and Otto Hesse of the Acme Club
fought six very lively bouts. Phant had a
shade the best of it, but as one judge
favored Phant and the other Hesse the
referee declared it a draw.
BOSTON MAKES A BIG
GAIN ON BROOKLYN
Takes a Double-Header at St. Louis,
While Cincinnati Beats the
Leaders.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Tct. | Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....60 30 .666; Pittsburc ...47 43 .522
Boston 58 31 .61**: Cincinnati ..46 43 .517
Philadelphia f>2 36 .591 ;Loutsv!lle ...40 49 .449
Baltimore ...51 37 .579 New Y0rk. ..35 57 .3SO
St Louis n 88 .573! Washington 34 58 .870
Chicago 47 40 .540 ' Cleveland ...16 74 .ITS
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 2.— Boston took a double
header to-day. The visitors hit the ball cleanly
in both games. The second contest was inter
esting but the first was full of miserable mis
plays on the part of the Perfectos. Attend
onre, 7100. Score of first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pt. Louis 2 8
Boston 10 12 0
Batteries— Jones, Mcßride and Schrecongost;
Willie and Clarke. Umpires— O - Day and Mc-
Oarr.
Score of second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pt. Louis 18 1
H-iston B 9 1
Batteries— Cuppy and Srhrecongost: Bailey
and Clarke. Umpires— O' Day and McGarr.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 2— Donovan was easy for
the locals to-day, while Taylor pitched good
ball, and the Reds made it three straight from
Brooklyn. Dusty Miller was given his ten
days' notice of release to-day. Attendance,
1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 8 12 3
Brooklyn 3 8 3
Batteries— Taylor and Peitz; Donovan and
McGuire. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 2.— Leever'a poor control,
coupled with errors by the team behind him,
lost the game for Plttsburg. Attendance, 2600.
Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Pittsburg 3 10 6
Baltimore 6 9 3
Batteries — Leever and Bowerman; Kitson and
Robinson. Umpires — Swartwood and Hunt.
LOUISVILLE, Aug. 2.— With the exception
of the seventh inning Cunningham pitched
good steady ball. Cunningham also helped his
team to victory by knocking out a home run
when three men were on bases In the fifth
inning. Attendance, 2000. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
! Louisville T 12 2
New York 6 15 0
Batteries— Cunningham and Zimmer; Carri.^k
and Warner. Umpires— Manassau and Smith.
Condemned Cattle Killed.
The forty head of cattle which were
brought from Sonoma County to this city
Tuesday and were condemned by the
health autnorities were killed yesterday
afternoon in a Butchertown slaughter
house. After being saturated with kero
sine they were sent to the fertilizing
works.
Health Officer Lawlor superintended the
operation, assisted by Veterinary Surgeon
O'ltourke and a corps of inspectors. The
cattle were afflicted with tuberculosis in
its worst form.
Ocean Water Tub Bathg.
101 Seventh street, corner Mliston. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
GREAT CHIEFS
ARE CHOSEN FOR
NEXT GREAT SUN
The Second Session of
the Great Council.
E. B. WILSON, GREAT SACHEM
DEGREE OF POCAHONTAS HAS
NEW CHIEFS.
Altahomas Tribe Will Get the Big
Prize for the Best Rendition
of the Warriors'
Degree.
The second session of the Greaf Council
of the Improved Order of Red Men of
the Reservation of California was opened
yesterday morning, and after the trans
action of some routine business, the
cial order of the day, the election <>f the
great chiefs, was t;iken up. and that busi
■cupied the entire day. as there was
considerable contest for the office of
great junior sagamore and that of great
chief of records.
For the former office there were two
candidates and for the latter four, two
who had announced themselves having
drawn out. The result of the election was
as follows: E. B. Wilson of Sacramento,
great sachem: F. D. Brandon of San
Francisco, great senior sagamore; A. J-.
Holder of San Francisco, great junior
sagamore; George W. Collins of San
Francisco, great prophet; Porter L. Bliss
SOME OF THE NEWLY ELECTED GREAT CHIEFS.
of San Francisco, grout chief of records:
W. J. Smith of San Francisco, great
keeper of wampum; G. W. <\>llit;s and W.
J. Smith, great representatives to the
Great Council of the United States, that
is to meet next month; B. F. Josselyn,
Harry A. Chase and William Rotrosky,
all of San Francisco, great trustees. Tho
great sannap, gr-^at raishenaw», great
guard of the wigwam and great guard of
the forest will be appointed by the great
©— ©—©—©— ©—«—©— ©-©-©—©- ©—©—©—©—©—©—©—©—©—©—©—©
U REMARKABLE CURE!:
«. ' J
t There Must Be Merit in a Treatment •
I That Can Show Such Cures. T
0 vy ji V- °
: dr McLMIGHLIh'S electric belt •
0 Paralysis and Utter Prostration Cured.
2524 Bush Street, SAN FRANCISCO. July 30 1599 ii
Q DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir. I suffered four years from partial paralysis
joor circulation, indigestion, deranged vision and sleeplessness; in fact. I was a total A
II wreck, after trying doctors and medicines ,\;th no relief. About a month ago I pur- I
"' chased one of our high-grade Belts and wore it as directed. I began to improve from
I the first application, until to-day lama well man, cured of all my ailments and ©
{) recommend your Belt to all sufferers, feeling sure it will do as you say Yours' very 1
J sincerely, " M. O'CONNOR. jL
! IF YOU ARE SSCK, TRY IT. •
! It is unlike all others. It is stronger, more durable and more sat- JL
© isfactory to wear- than any other method of treatment. y ,
1 You feel its vitalizing warmth as soon as it touches your body. Put •
Q it on when you are retiring, set the regulator just as you like the power I
1 and it pumps a gentle stream of electricity into your body while you ©
y sleep. I
L Its touch is the touch of magnetism, the essence of vital force It ®
I soothes pain, quiets the nerves, enlivens the blood and restores vigor to '
all parts. It makes all men and women stronger. ° ©
• Gall and Test It To=day===My Booklet Free, I
• Come and let me show you how grandly superior it is and hnw oa
I ily it can be made mild or strong while on your body You V"
9 it free. If you cannot call, write for free book telling all about u" l^^ a
j. book is full of truths for weak men, and will help you. ctoout **• This A
I Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, fi?£^fc.TWra tii T
I Office Hour»-S a.m, to 8:30 p.m. ; Sunday.. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORE •
•-•-•-•-•-•-^^-^-•-♦-©-©-•-©-©-o^e ll^ l^^: 1
«achem at the time the great chiefs ar«
tO To-d r av S !he U r;pres ( ntative9 will get to
■ i r^;;i ; ;;^™iif--,ed ** the
tram of Altahomas Tribe, one of the
.: s hat competed In the' last
S@& &SBSS ESS SUSf
KafS ii memberehlp durine the post areat
SU Tnose who took part in the exempllflc.
t!o^ cf . 'K-ed \v Bishop, senior saga-
Bachem; F L \.,; r nrp junior sagamore;
w"t : Lyon.* prophet; F. Hardy, first san
nVn-HC Brown, second Baiinap: A. E.
wSSiSSS^ Baltic- J. g Sanders and
F. M. Kay warriors; J. B. "weJ w^
gratified. .
Degree of Pocahontas.
At the council of the representatives or
the Degree of Pocahontas the jn«wtog
named were chosen as the great chiefs for
the ensuing term of twelve moons. Mrs
; Hattie A. Whipple of Fort Brag*. *reat
prophetess; Annie B. Bishop pi Al««ned a.
, great Pocahontas; Mrs. Jennie\\ "isel of
San Frar.cisco, great Wenonah; Mrs. c.
J. Brazeile of Sacramento, great keeper
of records; Mrs. Mina Rue of \osernite
Council, great minnehaha; Mrs. A. »o
belle of Alfarata Council. Mrs. Maggie
Everett of Cherokee Council and Mrs.
Gifh great trustees. .
During the afternoon a number of
amendment" were discussed ; but no action
will be taken on them until to - da >- m)nn
In the evening there was a competition
for a prize of $50 between teams from
Pocahontas, Alfarata and Yosemite Coun
cils and it was late before the exempli
fication or the work by the three teams
terminated. The winning team will
be InnoSnced in the Great Council to-day.
To"night there will be a grand entertain
ment and ball in Odd Fellows' Hall to the
1 representatives of the two great councils
and to the great chiefs and great chiefs
elect of each.
Missing From Home.
Alfred Hlllyer. aged 34 years, living at
11 Bruce pi ilsom street, between
Seventh ami Eighth, is amone: the miss
ing. The last Bei n of him was in a pa
loon at Fourth ami Minna streets Tuesday
afternoon. Hi? wife fears that some ai>
cident has befallen him.GLOOMY PICTURE OF THE PHILIPPINES AS
A FIELD FOR AMERICAN AGRICULTURAL ARTS
* ~T JT T HILE the triumph of American arms
i/\/ and the stories of American valor in
' V w the Philippines arc worthy themes of
* general discussion, there arc other questions in
* connection with the new possessions of the
United States which are worth the asking.
I r hile Americans -without exception are honoring
■* the brave men who fought for their Hag, they
i are ashing at the same time if the loss of life
and sacrifice of treasure have been compensated
in the acquisition of the islands of the southern
* sees. After the fighting is over and the nation
J estimates its loss and gain, one naturally will ask
Q on which side the scale will tip.
The Call has undertaken to obtain definite in
■* formation on this vitally important problem
from those that are best qualified to speak and
to judge, from those that have just returned
* from the Philippines and have had opportunities
« not only to tight, but to observe the conditions
which moke or mar the physical prosperity of
a people. Member's of the Oregon Regiment, ir-
T respective of rank. pnz:atcs as well as commis
.* stoned officers, have been interviewed and have
been asked to express their opinions in reference
:o the Philippines, not as a conquest, but as a
* material, labor enriching, wealth producing ac
± quisition to the United States.
A scries of pertinent questions was asked of
each soldier that was interviewed, and in what
* follows are the answers. Each soldier was asked
to give Jiis impressions of the size of the popula
tion of the Philippines and to indicate if possi
ble whether or not the people are profitably em
* ployed. A particular effort was made to discover
zvhether or not the islands possess much agricul
tural land and if this land is accessible to Amcr
* -cans and susceptible to American agriculture.
+ These arc questions which are of vital import
Soldiers Give Free and Emphatic Expression to Their Opinions on
Questions That Are of Vital Moment in Connection With the
New Possessions of the United States — Unfriendly Conditions
and Almost Insurmountable Physical Obstacles Will Face the
Seeker After Wealth Who Follows in the Wake of the American
Armies.
PRIVATE W. C. PTUART, Company A
1 suppose you might call the Philippines
i pulated; there are plenty of "nig
:here. There is plenty of land, too,
•.ere is no reason why it should not
■ sily obtained for agricultural pur-'
although I do not know what the
.pportunitieß are in this respect. Of
• ourse most of the land is owned by the
< hurch. So far as crops are concerned,
you can raise anything there from tur
r!ps to cattle. The land is rich and al
most anything will grow there. Ameri
cans cannot do heavy labor in the isl
that is out of the question. The
work in the fields Is all done by the Chi
■ <=,» and natives. I think the islands
could be made of grf>H.t benefit to this I
ry if our labor laws were enforced
there and the contract labor system abol- j
Ished. I cannot say that I am in favor ;
of admitting the natives to equal privl- j
'.eges with us as citizens of the United |
States.
PRIVATE B. ROMMEL, Company A—
are plenty of people on the Island |
of l.uzon, but they are congregated in I
small cities and towns. The land Is |
owned principally by the i-hureh or by
wealth} capitalists, and th<^ natives work :
it on shares In small patches, The-ro are
nitles now for obtaining land
I • gricultural purposes, and of course!
I cannot pay what the chances will be ;
in th fnturo. The land is rich and good; !
corn, rice and other cereals, as well »**
tobacco arul hemp are raised th<*re. I do
tiol know whether wheat could be sue- ;
cessfully grown or not. Americans can- 1
I jrork at hard labor There; that is pos- j
Itive. Chinese coolies no practically all j
the labor, and although some is dune by |
the Filipinos, the natives generally are :
engaged In lighter employment, such as |
household servants, coachmen, etc. 1
think the islands will be profitable to I
ountry if our labor, laws are en-,
:here and the contract labor sys
tem now in vogue is abolished. I think ;
• ■ Filipinos would make excellent citi
zens. They are Heart, intelligent and ,
moral; far superior to either tho Chinese!
■ r Japanese.
tGEANT .) H. black. Company I—
stands sppm to be pretty well popu
riiod. 1 cannot say what the opportuni
• ling iand for agricultural
■ . ; are, as I uid not Inquire into the
\ great deal of corn is raised
[2 ■;. but 1 do not know
•nor cereals, such as barley.
etc., could be raised. Of
tatives and ( 'hinese stand the
■ : .)•> rri"~:: 'if the hard work
now-, especially :!<<* Chinese. It is pretty
hard to say whether the islands could be
made- f profit if the present
irstem were abolished and
our labor l^ws enforced there. The cli
mate ti ating, and a white man
cannot live there and retain his energy
unimpaired. 1 am emphatically of the
opinion that the natives should be made
citizfns of thr- United States, with equal
privileges with ours.
PRIVATE J. VV. COTTINGEN, Com
,m of the- opinion that the Phil
ippine, judging frim what f saw in the
.>;.-H!'l of Luzon, ore pretty wHI popu
lated While there is plenty of land I
cannot say what the opportunities nre
for getting possession of i: for ;igr:cul
fi:ral purposes, as that is a matter I am
entirely unfamiliar with. A groat variety
of crops can be raised there undoubtedly.
Corn is produced in large quantities. as»
are other cereal?. Up in the foothills is
a great grazing country, and big herds of
rattle an.t hog's are raised. Americans
cannot work there— that is. out of doors.
All the hard work is done by the Chinese
rooljos and the natives. T think our labor
ligi.t be enforced there to advan
tage. Of course the Americans cannot
iinese under the pres
ent contract-labor system. The climate is
very enervating to Europeans and Ameri
cana, who cannot live there unless they
exercise care in their manner of living
and refrain from undue exertion. There 1b
no doubt, in my opinion, that the Filipinos
ance to most Americans who think they see in the
Philippines a new field for industry and wealth.
Care was taken also in the queries to learn
whether or not Americans can labor in the
Philippines, and- if not, what people can. A
series of valuable answers zvas received to the
inquiry in reference to the effect of the climate
upon American energy. The advantage or dis
advantage of giving to the natives of the Philip
pines the rights of American citizenship and
of introducing and enforcing American labor
laws on the islands was also discussed.
The anszvers of the Oregon troops to these
questions constitute information of extremely
great value. Most of the troops believe that the
land of the Philippines is well adapted for
American agriculture with the exception of the
cultivation of wheat. This opinion might give
rise to an optimistic view of the situation, but
the soldiers add in the same breath that nearly
all of the agricultural land, and certainly the
best of it, is in the possession of the church au
thorities. It is probable, therefore, since agricul
turists must buy the land, they would prefer to
buy in a locality a little nearer home than the
Philippines.
The soldiers of Oregon are almost to a man
in emphatic opposition even to the suggestion of
making the natives of the Philippines citizens of
the United States, although the opinion seems to
prevail that American labor laws could advan
tageously be put in operation on the islands. As
for Americans working in the Philippines, the
soldiers declare that it is utterly out of the ques
tion. The heat is too intense and the climate
generally too enervating. The Philippines arc the
last lands on the earth for poor men to seek
with a purpose of improving their condition.
The discussion of these interesting questions zvill
be found in detail in the following interviews.
would make excellent citizens. They ar»
an Intelligent race, and if given a chance
will soon prove themselves capable of
governing themselves.
PRIVATE D. W. HOLGATE, Company
A— The Philippines are well populated or
at* least the island of Luzon is. There Is
a lot of land there which is owned by i
wealthy Filipinos, Spaniards and the
church and is rented or leased in small
tracts to the Chinese and poorer natives,
who plant and raise the crops. What the
opportunities now are for obtaining land
for agricultural purposes by Americans !
I do not know, but I do not think it would
be possible to obtain any at this time. So I
far as hard work is concerned, Americans
could not stand it for a moment. All the
work in the fields is done by the Chinese
and the natives. If the present contract
labor system could be abolished and our ;
own labor laws enforced I think the isl- ;
ands could be made a source of profit to
the United States. The climate is ener- !
vating and Impairs the energies of peo- i
pie of our race. I am in favor of admit-»
ting the Filipinos to the privileges of Am
erican citizenship. They are intelligent •
and observing and far superior to other
Oriental races.
PRTVATE J. N. MITCHELL. Company
A There Is no lack of population In the
Philippines so far as my observation
w«nt. The country districts do not appear
to be thickly Fettled, but there are a great
number of cities ranging from lo.oou to 40,
--rw> population scattered throughout the
island of Luzon, and the fact that the
land is largely In the hands of the church
is one of the principal reasons why oppor
tunities. are poor for obtaining it for ag
ricultural purposes. Good crops can tin
doubtedly be raised there, especially corn,
hemp, tobacco, rice and sugar. I have no j
doubt that wheat and other cereaVs can
also be successfully raised, although I
do not think those crops are raised in I
quantities at present. Americans cannot
labor there at any kind of out-of-door '
work. The cultivation of the fields is en- !
tirely in the hands of the Chinese and the ;
natives, chiefly the former. The islands
could probably be made profitable to this
country if our labor laws were substi
tuted for the present contract system, but
the climate is not suited to people of our ;
race. It is too enervating, and a -short
residence in the islands impairs the en- I
ergy of the most robust. The Filipinos;
are a much superior people to the Japa
nese, with whom they are often com-;
pared. They are more intelligent and far
more moral. They are extremely anxious
to familiarize themselves with the Amer
ican language and everything else Amer
lean. 1 think they would make good
citizens and fim in favor of their being
accorded equal privileges with the rest of i
us.
PRIVATE W. A. MELLINGER. Com
pany A— They do not need any more peo- >
pie in ih>- Philippines, as the country is ;
pretty well populated as it is. 1 do not
think the opportunities tor. obtaining U.id i
for agricultural purposes at the present
time are very good. Most of the land is
owned by the church and hard to get :iold
of for that reason. I think American
agriculture can be introduced there, sucn
as raising wheat, corn, barley, oats, rye,
etc., and raising cattle and hog«. In j
fact, a great deal of corn is already- raised
and big herds of cattle and hogs. Ameri- ;
cans cannot labor there in any capacity
of agricultural employment, as they can- j
not stand the climate. The <"hinose ap
pear to endure the climate best, and they j
do most of the hard work, although some j
is also done by the natives. The islands I
could be made profitable undoubtedly if j
our labor laws could be enforced there to j
the exclusion of the present contract labor i
system. The climate is entirely unsuitod
to our people, and a short residence im
pairs their energy to a perceptible de
gree. I am heartily in favor of making
the natives of the islands citizens of the
United States. They are intelligent and
capable of self-government with a little
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1899.
instruction- much more so, in my opinion, i
than the Japanese.
CORPORAL OLIVER E. LIPES, Com- j
pany A— There are plenty of people in the |
Philippines, but most of them live in !
towels and small cities. They are huddled i
in small frame houses, and those who fol- '
low j^ricultural pursuits cultivate small j
patches of land near the town. Very few j
farmhouses are to be seen. There is
plenty of land, but the church appears to I
own it all. and I do not know what the
opportunities for obtaining it for the pur- j
poses of cultivation are. I think, how- |
ever, that the land could be made to pro
duce cereals, such as corn, wheat, barley.
oats, rye. etc. , without any difficulty. It
is a good stock country and a jrreat deal
of corn is produced now. Americans can- I
not labor there. All the hard work is j
done by the Chinese coolies and the na- j
tives. I think the islands will lie made
profitable if our labor laws are enforced
there and the present system of servile j
contract labor abolished. The climate is i
very bad for a white man. It weakens '
his energies and he gets lazy. It would i
perhaps be all right if a man could take j
life easy and live as the Spaniards do,
but they do not pretend to do any work.
I say emphatically that I am not in favor
of the Filipinos being- made citizens of the ,
United Staffs. We might as well gather
together a band of Apaches and make
them citizens.
PRIVATE CKORGE C. SXYDER, Com
pany A— l do not think the Philippines
are suffering from lack of population.
There appear to be plenty of people there,
especially in the Island of Luzon. I rjo j
not know what the opportunities for ob- j ,
taining land for agricultural purposes are, I
ac T had no chance to familiarize myself ;
with the subject. There is a great deal j
of land apparently unoccupied, but it is I ■
all owned by the church. There is no
question of. the fertility of the soil. All
kinds of cereals, in addition to tobacco, i
hemp, sugar, etc.. should be raised there ' i
withour any trouble. Corn is already j
raised in large quantities, and up in the
foothills large herds of cattle and hogs
are raised for the market.. Americans ] :
cannot labor there and nobody else but '
the. Chinese and natives. Even the latter!
do not try to do much hard work, leaving!
that for the coolies. I think the islands i
could be made profitable to this country I
If :h<> contract labor system should be '
abolished and our own labor laws en- :
forced there. The climate is very ener- i
vnting. and an American or European I
soon develops a desire to avoid all labor I
or exertion of any kind as much as pos- '
slble. I am decidedly opposed to the ad- '
mission of the native Filipinos to the
riehts and privileges of American citizen
ship. They are worse than our Indians.
PRIVATE WELLS C. COOPER, Com
pany A— They don't need any more people j
in the Philippines, judging from the num
ber I saw on the island of Luzon. What I
the opportunities are for obtaining land
for agricultural purposes T do not know;
but T do know that the churches appear :
to own all the land in the islands. I j
think almost all cereals could be made to
grow there, with the possible exception of
wheat. I think the climate is too damp '
for wheat. The corn, which 1b raised in
large quantities, is rather tough, but it is j
raised principally for feeding to stock, j
and sweet corn could be raised just as j
well. There are lots of cattle raised in I
the foothills. Americans cannot work in !
that climate, but the Chinese can. They j
do nearly all the heavy work and seem '
to grow fat on it. I think if our labor
laws could be enforced there and the !
present contract labor system abolished:
the islands might be made profitable to
this country; but of course there might i
be some difficulty in enforcing these laws,
because of the great number of coolies !
in the islands. A white man cannot live \
in the islands and retain his energy unim- j
paired. It is impossible in that climate.
I am unalterably opposed to the native '
Filipinos being made citizens of the i
United States with full and equal prlvi
OREGON TROOPS Declare That the Islands of the South
Seas Are Fertile in Many Respects and Are Susceptible
of Profitable Cultivation, but Nearly All of the Land, and
Certainly That Which Is Worth Possessing, Is Owned by
the Church Authorities — American Workmen Cannot La
bor in the Fields and Live.
leges with up. They are altogether too
treacherous. The American Indian can
not be compared with them.
PRIVATE D. A. ELKIN3, Company A—
Then are plenty of people in the Phil
ippfnea and the country appears to be !
pretty well occupied. I cannot say what
the opportunities are for obtaining land \
for agricultural purposes for the reason i
that 1 have no means of knowing. The j
country is fertile and capable of raising ■■
a great variety of crops. In addition to I
hemp, rice and tobacco, the three staples, j
considerable corn Is raised. Wheat, how
ever, I rir. not think will thrive there, be- '
cause the climate is too damp. Cattle
and hogs are raised in great numbers. ;
Americans and Europeans cannot stand i
manual tabor in that climate and all that
kind of work is done by the Chinese coo
lies or by the native Filipinos. The island ,
could very likely be made profitable to j
this cour.tr>' if * he present contract labor
system were abolished and our labor laws
enforced there. A white man will soon
lose his natural energy in the Philippines
and gradually lose all desire to work.
I am opposed to making the Filipinos
citizens of the I'nited States, with equal
privileges to ourselves— emphatically so.
They are a treacherous race and natural |
born thieves and not fit to be citizens of
this republic.
PRIVATE H. R. JACOBSON, Company
A— The island of Luzon appears to be
pretty well populated, although as the
majority of the people live in cities and
towns you will find many farm houses.
I do not know what the opportunities are
for obtaining land for agricultural pur
poses, as I did not investigate the .sub
ject during my stay on the island. Amer
ican- agriculture can be introduced there
I am quite surf, although owing to the
damp climate I do not think wheat would
thrive there. Corn is already grown in
great quantities and cattle and hogs
flourish in the foothills. Americans cannot
work in the fields at any form of labor.
All that work must be done by the Chi
nese, who appear to be perfectly suited
to the climate, and by the Filipinos, al
though the latter are by no means par
tial to hard work of any kind. The islands
might he made profitable to the United
States if the present contract labor sys
tem were abolished and our labor laws
extended to them and enforced. People
of <>ur race soon begin to feel the enervat
ing effect of the climate and lose all de
sire ;o work. I do not think the natives
should be made citizens of the United
States by any means. They lack all the
qualifications that gro to make up a good
citizen and they are altogether too treach
erous to suit me.
PRIVATE HERBERT G. GRAVES. \
Company A— The Philippines, I should :
say, are pretty well populated, although,
as I was not off of the Island of Luzon, I
canriot speak in regard to the others. I
do not know what the opportunities are
for obtaining land for the purpose of agri
culture, as 1 had. no facilities for
learning when we were there, and I did
not give the matter much thought. The ;
land, which is mostly owned by the
church, is very fertile, and all kinds of
cereals ought to grow there, with the pos
sible exception of wheat, which might be
affected by the dampness. Corn in large
quantities is already raised, and the
cattle-raising industry is flourishing, as is
hog raising. It is out of the question for
Americans to think of doing out-of-door
labor in that climate, as they cannot
stand it. The Chinese, stand the climate
better even than the natives, and they do
most of the hard work. If our labor laws !
could be enforced there and the present
system of contract labor abolished I think :
very likely the Philippines could be made j
profitable to us. The Caucasian race is
not adapted to the climate of the islands.
and white men soon lose their energy. The
Filipinos are the last people on earth I
want to see made citizens of the United
States with equal privileges to ours. They
are treacherous, deceitful and thieves by
nature.
PRIVATE B. F. SMITH. Company A— l
do not think the Philippines are lacking
in population by any means. In Luzon
there are a great number of people, and I
understand the rest of the islands are
equally well supplied with population. I
do not know anything about the opportu
nities for obtaining land for agricultural
purposes. The land is extremely fertile
and capable of raising ali kinds of cereals,
with the possible exception of wheat. Cat
tle and hogs are raised in great numbers
in the foothills, where tine pasturage
abounds. Americans are not adapted to
the climate, and cannot perform laborious
work there. All hard work of all descrip
tion is done by either the Chinese coolies
or by the native Filipinos. I think the
islands could bp made profitable for the
United States if the contract-labor system
were abolished and our labor laws en
forced there. The idea of a white man
living in that climate without his energy
becoming impaired is absurd, and it is
equally absurd to think of making the Fil
ipinos citizens of this country with equal
priviligeß to ourselves. They are not civ
ilized, and are altogether too treacherous
to suit my ideas of what a citizen of this
country ought to be.
" CORPORAL W. K. SMITH JR., Com
pany H— Of course I cannot undertake to
speak for the Philippines as a whole, as
we were stationed on the island of Lv- |
zon and saw nothing of any of the other
islands, but Luzon appears to be pretty
well populated. In reeard to what the
opportunities now are for obtaining land
for agricultural purposes, that is a ques
tion that cannot be answered at this time.
All land titles are badly tangled, but they
will probably be straightened out after
the fighting is over. A great deal. of corn
is raised there and other cereals can also
be raised, I should judge, although I am
doubtful about wheat, which I am afraid
would sprout before it could ripen on ac
count of the heat. Cattle and hogs are
raised in great numbers, as there Is con
siderable fine grazing land in the foot
hills. White men could never work there
successfully In the agricultural districts.
They could not stand the climate, and
even if they could they would starve to
death, as they could not compete with
the Chinese coolies and the natives, who
do all the hard work in the islands. I
do not think the islands could be made i
profitable to the United States if the
contract system was abolished and our
labor laws enforced there, for the reason
that wages are altogether too low and
must necessarily continue so where there
is so much Chinese and cheap native la
bor. The climate quickly impairs the en
ergy of a white man. The Filipinos might
make good citizens, as they are bright
and take great interest in everything
American.
PRIVATE L. PICKERING, Compan%
H— There are plenty *of people on the tsl
and of Luzon, but of course I do not know
anything about the other islands of th
group. I cannot say what are the :>ppor
tunltles for obtaining land for agrieultura
purposes. The church claims most o
the land, but the titles are in such ba<
shape that nothing definite can be tol<
at this time. American agriculture
products could probably be raised there
with the exception of wheat, of which
have my doubts. It is not a wheat coun
try, and I do not thir.k that crop would
flourish owing to the extreme heat
Americans cannot work out of doors in
that climate, and all the hard work i
done by the Chinese and Filipinos. I d
not think the American labor laws coul<
be successfully enforced in the Philip
pines, or if they could I do not think th
islands could be made profitable to thi
country. A white man soon become
enervated in that climate and totally in
capable of out of door employment. Th
Filipinos are an intelligent race, but I d
not thiak they would make very accept
able citizens.
PRIVATE G. B. MILLER. Compan
H— There is no dearth of population on
the island of Luzon, and I am of the opin
ion that the other islands of the grou
are equally well supplied with inhabi
tants. I do not know what the opportu
nities are for obtaining land for the pur
poses of agriculture, as titles are in" such
a tangled condition over there that it is
almost impossible to tell who owns the
land. American agriculture can be in
troduced there with some success, but I
think that the climate is too hot for
wheat. Corn grows well and cattle and
hogs thrive in the uplands. American
cannot labor there either in our form <
agriculture or In raising hemp, sugar, ric
or tobacco. The climate is too hot fo
anybody but a native or a Chinese, wh
do most of the hard work. I do not thin
the islands could be made profitable b
substituting our labor laws for the con
tract labor system now in force in th
islands. No white man a.n live in th
islands without his energy becoming im
paired. I would be in favor of makin
the Filipinos citizens. They are intell
gent and moral and apparently deepl
interested in everything American.
PRIVATE E. A. KIRTS. Company H—
I do not think the Philippines are lacking
in population by any means. As for the
opportunities for obtaining possession of
land for agriculture I hardly know
whether that can be done to any consid
erable extent or not. The country appears
to be fertile, but aside from some corn I
did not see any cereals growing. I don't
think wheat can be raised there, nor
oats. Americans cannot do hard work in
that climate. All that is done by the
Chinese coolies and the natives. I think
the islands could be made profitable if
the United States labor laws were substi
tuted for the present contract labor sys
tem. The climate is very enervating for
white men and no Caucasian can li\
there and retain his energy unimpaired
I am not in favor of making the Filipino
citizens of the United States with priv
leges equal to ours.
PRIVATE P. C. KURDER, Compan
A— The islands are pretty well populated
especially Luzon, where we were sta
tioned. I do not know much about th
opportunities for obtaining possesson o
land for agriculture and I do not thin
American agriculture can be successfull
introduced there; it rains too much. The
grow seme corn and raise cattle md hog
in great numbers, but wheat, oats an<
barley I do not think would thrive. Amer
leans cannot Work there— that is out o
the question. The natives and the Chines
coolies do all the hard work and the
work so cheaply that a white ma
could not compete with them eve
if he could stand the climate. Our labo
laws could not be enforced there, as th
Chinese and natives would not pay any at
tention to them, and I do not think the
country could be made profitable to the
United States if they could be substi
tuted for the contract labor system. A
white mnn can get along very well in that
climate if he has no work of a laborious
character to do and takes reasonably good
care of himself. But he will soon find
his energy is impaired. I think the na
tives would make good citizens, as they
are intelligent and easily civilized.
PRIVATE DAN RICHARDSON. Com
pany H— There are plenty of people in the
Philippines, or. at least, in the island of
Luzon, where -we were. I do not know
what the opportunities for obtaining 'and
for agriculture are— that is a question
that ennnot very well be answered at this
time, owing to the unsettled condition, of
affairs and the difficulty of telling who
owns the land. They raise big crops of
corn there and I think very likely other
cereals could also be raised. "Wheat, how
ever, I do not think could be grown suc
cessfully owing to the great heat. Ameri
cans cannot work at tilling the soil nor do
any laborious work, as they cannot stand
the climate. The Chinese appear to stand
the climate even better than the nati~ 2*
and they do most of the hard work. I
do not think the islands can be made
profitable for the United States by ths
enforcement of our labor laws and the
abolition of the contract labor system.
The climate is unsuited to our race and
Europeans and Americans soon find tneir
energies impaired. I think the Filipinos
would make good citizens with a little
training and I would be in favor of con
ferring citizenship upon them.
PRIVATE ALLEN. Company D — The
Philippines are very much populated. The |
land is principally owned by the priests !
and moneyed men. It is beyond my knowl
edge whether it would be possible for
Americana to secure land there. I do not
think American agricultural products can
be introduced in the islands. The country .
cannot be adapted to any such growth be
cause it is too hot. I know nothing of the
facilities for raising cattle on the islands,
out I do know that the feed there was of .
such inferior quality that we had to ship !
a lot of hay there for our horses. There
is no earthly chance for a white man to
get employment there. His only chance
would be to get a position as overseer.
Labor is so awful cheap that a white
man could not make his salt. People j
raised there can endure the climate better ■
than those who come from a northern i
country. Most of us stood the climate
first-rate. They should never become citi
innn of our country. They are bright, but
pride and decency are lacking; in them.
Personally I object to their ever becoming |
citizens. I would just as soon have China
men flow into the United States and be
come citizens.
CORPORAL G. W. CONNER, Company j
D— From what I saw of the Philippines .
they seemed to be sufficiently populated.
; In fact it contains a pauper population.
I Apparently there is no land that could
1 be had by Americans for agriculture, as ;
I it all seems to be in the hands of others, j
I The islands are no place for a white man,
ias they cannot stand the climate. Again, j
j the wages are such that a white man ;
i could not lower his dignity and work
j for them and exist. Nothing but rice, to- j
I bacco and corn could grow there. Wheat j
I would dry out in the hot season and in \
'' the wet season drown out. I do not think :
\ the islands would be profitable to this '
j country because the conditions are so dtf- !
! ferent. It would be hard to get the na
tives to work under our system of labor
laws, as they are too independent. The
climate is unsuitable to our race. It is
either too warm or too wet. If you were
: to ask every man in the regiment whether
| the Filipinos should be made citizens you
would get the same answer— No. The peo- '■
i pie are tojo easily controlled by one power ;
j and that power is the church.
-.
PRIVATE J. A. RUDDY, Company D—
' I do not think the Philippines are lack
ing in population. It is more thickly
! populated than I have seen it In the
United States. It would be easy -for new:
comers to secure land in the mountain
regions, but in the farming country the
lands seems to have all been taken up ,
and fs under a high state of cultivation. ■
! To me it seems a good cattle country. I
! The products mentioned in the question
! would not thrive there. The country is ;
i more suited for sugar-cane, rice and to- !
| bacco. I do not think Americans can la
| bor there. If they have cattle they can
i get labor there for almost nothing. The
: Chinese and the natives do most of the
! hard work. 1 am unable to answer
; whether there would be an improvement
i in the Philippines If our labor laws were
! introduced there. I do not think our la
j bor laws would suit their form of gov
ernment. The country is unsuited for a
white man to live there except in winter,
i and then it is disagreeable. In my opin
! ion it weakens a white man to live there.
1 do not think the natives should ever
have the chance to become citizens, as
they are unfit for the dignity. They are
not to be trusted in voting or in having
anything to say about running the Gov
ernment.
PRIVATE ROY A. NEWBY, Company
; G — There are no indications of a lack of
; population in the Philippines. In fact.
1 the islands appear to be pretty well set
| tied. I do not think the opportunities for
; obtaining land for agricultural purposes
! there are very good. So far as crops are
i concerned I think that nearly all cereals
■ can be raised there successfully. Corn is
i grown in great quantities there now, and
i there are lots of cattle and hogs in the
| foothills and mountains. I think Amerl-
I cans can labor there although they could
< not, of course, compete with the Chinese
coolies, who do* nearly all the hard work.
i The islands, in my opinion, can be made
' profitable by the introduction of our sys
tem of agriculture there and the enforce
i ment of our labor laws. I do not. how
i ever, think the climate is at all suited to
I people of our race. As long as they do
not try to work in the fields, and take care
|of themselves, they are all right. The
j Filipinos would make good citizens, as
I they are intelligent and intensely interest
ed in everything American.
PRIVATE H. E. TAFT. Company D—
The Philippines are not lacking in popula
tion. Every house contains ten or twelve
small-sized families. The islands "shine"
in population if in nothing else. I think
the chances of getting land are very poor.
Wh;it the church does not own the En
glish residents do. Wheat and barley
would dry out in that climate. You can
raise cattle and hogs. It's a fine cattle
country. There are not many cattle there,
but what we saw of them were fat and con
tented. Americans could never do com
mon labor there and stand the climate.
If a man has the work done by the na
tives he will get along. All the heavy
work is done by the Filipinos ~nd the
Chinese. I do not think our labor laws
can ever be introduced in that country.
If you do not have to undergo hardships
the climate, will suit you; if you do it is
unfit lor you. The Filipinos art* too tr*>ach
eroua to be made citizens. You could buy
them off too easily and they are unfit to
be the equals of an American.
PRIVATE WOODS. Company D— The
islands are not lacking in population.
There is very little chance for an out
sider getting any land, as it is held by
the church and English syndicates. The
climate Is such that American products j
could be raised there, such as corn and
rye. Wheat and barley might also be j
raised, but not to any great pxt^nt. I ,
don't think white men could labor in the |
fields because of the heat and the price j
paid for labor. The negroes work too i
cheaply. The Chinese and the Filipinos
are ".he only kind who can work there.
The labor laws of the United States can
never be enforced in the Philippines, as
the conditions are different. Some of fur
race can withstand the climate, but it is
not a climate that suits active people. It
makes them lazy. I don't think the Fil
ipinos should be made citizens of the
United States, because they are preju
diced and every one will fight until they
are Killed before they are made citizens.
PRIVATE J. L. REILLING. Company
D— There seems to be plenty of popula- !
tion in the Philippines. Land would be
difficult to purchase, as it belongs to in
dividuals and is rented out. The whole
country seems to be taken up and devel
oped by cheap labor. Various products
are raised there. Cattle do not seem to
thrive on account of the dry climate. It
is too warm for white people. The least
exertion fatigues them. The coolies do
the heavy work in Manila, but the Fil- j
ipinos do the farm drudgery. The labor
laws of this country would not in my
opinion apply to the islands, because of
the changed conditions. The white race I
can stand the climate, but the heat im- :
pairs their energy. I do not think the in- !
habitants of those islands are entitled to
the rights of citizenship and they should
never be allowed in this country, as they j
will be of no benefit here.
SERGEANT BENJAMIN DUPUIS. i
Company D— From what I saw of the j
islands they seemed fully occupied. The |
chances for a poor man to gain possession I
of land in the Philippines are very slim, j
The land is in the hands of the church, [
the natives and powerful syndicates. It
is too wet to prow the products men
tioned. Barley might grow ther-3, but not
with that degree of ■access us in our o^n
I country. Cattle and hops stvm to do well.
I really hardly think the Americans could
labor In the fields and stand the climate.
The Chinese do all the heavy work and
seem to endure the climate better than
i the Filipinos. I doubt whether the en
i forcement of our labor lav.-s >n the islands
I would do this country any pood, as they
j are bad enough right at home. The cli
; mate of the Philippines is peculiar. One
man will go down there r ; nd got fat while
I ten men will die. It is 2t_><>.l enough for a
i Spaniard but not for a white man. It
! might be all right for a white man if he
; could lie around and have the natives do
his work. But of course he will have to
have money to enjoy that luxury. The
people of that country are a set of curs,
and T would not want to even think of the
i possibility of their becoming citizens of
this country; no, not in a thousand years.
PRIVATE EDWARD DENNY. Com
pany M— The islands ar<= not lacking in,
; population. The opportunities for getting
possession of. the, country for'agricultural
purposes and for business in every branch
: are extremely good. Had the revolt ci
the Filipinos not occurred, to my mind
there could be no better place for new
comers than the islands. The soil is adapt
-1 ed to the raising of all kinds of products.
In the districts where tobacco is raiser!
'■ white men can work without danger of
sickness. The Tagalic race b'.ands the heat
j much better than the other races in tha
' islands, and do the hardest work. Under
' our laws the islands can be made profit
able to this country. I beileva in abolish
ing the system of contract labor there and
in ouj own country. Although it is pretty
, severe th*>re in winter I thiiik the whites
can stand it. I believe the Philippines
should be ruled by civil not military
: power. As to granting the natives th»
right to become citizens I am not prepared
i to answer at this time, but I do not think
they should be allowed to become citizens.
PRIVATE SAVAGE. Company M—Pop
ulation is the least thing that troubles
the Philippines. There seems to be a sur
[ feit of it. The land is almost entirely in
j the hands of the church, and it will be
'■ difficult to gain possession of it. Th«
, country is excellent for farming and for
: the raising of cattle. Nearly all products
] now raised in our country could be culti
vated there. The hard work is done by
the Filipinos. It will be a difficult matter
I to introduce our laws into that country.
Once the natives become familiar with
them and appreciate their importance
| they will live up to the rules of procedure
j now in force in the United States. The
\ climate is not the best in the world, but
I think white people can live through it
if they take proper care of themselves.
■ The question of citizenship is an import
ant one and I am not ready to say
whether the natives should ever have the
privilege of becoming equal to Americano
in that sphere.
PRIVATE T. R. HERRTN. Company
I— The Philippine Islands are densely pop
ulated with Chinamen, Filipinos and Ta
; galos. All the territory seems to be owned
! by the church, and it would seem to me it
will have to be decided by law whether
Americans can gain possession of land.
I think any product that fs raised in this
country can be cultivated there. The land
i seems adapted to it. People best adapted
! to tropical countries can endure the cli
i mate. The inhabitants of the islands will
have to be educated to our labor laws be
fore they can be carried out as in thiß
country. The natives are too independent,
in my opinion, to be governed by such
rules. The climate is all right in all sea
sons of the year. I firmly believe that the
United States will never be able to make
i citizens out of the inhabitants of that
country. Then again, we don't want
them to be placed on the same footing as
an American citizen. I do not think it
would be for the best interests of our
country to accept them as such.
PRIVATE L. F. CHASE. Company H—
There are lots of people in the Philip
pines, but room for more. The opportuni
ties for obtaining land for agricultural
purposes will probably be good after the
fighting is over, although none can be ob
tained now. I see no reason why Ameri
! can agriculture could not be introduced
i there. It is a fine cattle country, and al-
I most anything will grow there. The work
' in the fields, and. in fact, almost all the
I hard labor is done by tho Chinese onniios,
and it would be almost impossible for
white people to compete with them. The
Chinese work too cheap and the whites
could not stand the climate. I think that
If our labor laws could be introduced
there and made effective the islands
might be made a source of profit to this
country, but it would be a difficult mat
' ter to enforce them where there are so
many coolies. The climate is not suited
to Caucasians. Even if they do not get
sick the vitality is sapped and th^y can
not do anything approarhing hard work.
\ The Filipinos in my opinion should not be
made citizens. As soon as they obtain a
little education they develop a tyrannical
disposition and they are natural thieves.
PRIVATE O. E. ROBERTS. Company
C There are plenty of people in the Phil
ippines. As for the facilities for obtain
ing land for agriculture at the present
time 1 am unable to answer. 1 think
American agriculture could be introduced
there. They raise a great deal of turn
now and the foothills and mountain dis
tricts are a fine cattle country. Ameri
cans, however, cannot labor in the fields:
all the work of that character is done
by the natives and Chinese coolies. With
out the present system of contract labor
I doubt if the islands can ever be made
profitable to this country. The climate
is enervating and saps the vitality of
■ whites. The Filipinos will not be suffix
ciently civilized to entitle them to Ameri
can citizenship for several generatons.
PRIVATE J. N. LINDSAY. Company C
—The Philippines are pretty well popu
lated, as far as I had opportunities of
judging. I don't know what the oppor
tunities for gettfng land for agricultural
purposes are. They raise a good number
of cattle in the foothills and great quan
tities of corn. I suppose other crops, such
as wheat, barley, etc., would also thrive.
It would be impossible for Americans to
labor there, as they could not stand the
climate. All the work in the fields is
done by the Chinese coolies and the na
tive Filipinos. The country never could
be made profitable under our system of
labor laws, and as to the natives be
ing entitled to citizenship, that is absurd.
They are worse than our Indians.
56
T II URSDAY AUGUST 3. 1899
iOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. ...Market and Third St*. 3. F
Telephone Main 1858.
EDITORIAL ROOM* 2IT to 221 Stevenson Str«et
Telephone Main 18T4.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 10 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 <-<-nt«.
Terrrs by Mall, Including Postage:
DAILT CALL, (including; Sunday Call), one year #M.<X
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), t months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By 6ln*le Month - <*5o
BtTNDAY CALL One Year..; «.-.. XX>O
WEEKLY CALL Ona Year '.. 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive subscriptions.
Bsonpl* copies will b« forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 9QS Broadwaj
C. GEORGE KROGNESB.
Mmmm&cr Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT*
C C. CARLTON Herald 6quar©
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERRY LUKENB JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Bherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotell
Vramunt House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDB. I
Waldorf -Autorla Hotel; A. Brentano, tl Union Bqnar*;
Murray HIU HoteL i __
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotot
J. L- ENGLISH. Corrcsnondcnt.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street. OD«n until [
950 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 930 i
o'clocK- 615 LarKln street, open uijtlJ 9:30 o'clocK- :
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- 2P-9I MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 oiclock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — '"Hamlet."
California— "One of Our Girls."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "A!da."
Alcazar — "Romeo and Juliet."
Grand Opera House — "Boccaccio."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
fend evening.
Olympla, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth-Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
AUCTION SALES.
By F. W. Butterfleld— This day, at 11 o'clock, Furniture, at
Jc street. , .
By A. W. Louderback— Thla day, it 2:30 o'clock, Turkish
Rues, at 125 Geary st : . , ,
By Yon Khem & Co.— Thursday, August 10, at 12 o clock,
Real K^tr.i;-, ;it.'i:: fail:'"i-n':i -?■■■■ t.
THE RETURN OF ThjE VOLUNTEERS.
LAST year the volunteers from our own State, I
Idaho, Oregon, Washington, Montana, Wyo
ming, lowa, Pennsylvania and Tennessee, and
the Astor Battery from New York, sailed away seven j
;and miles to battle.
They reached San Francisco fresh from their homes,
in the flash of health and filled with zeal to do their
duty by their country. The issues of war were then
uncertain. Dewey had shown the weakness of Spain
at sea. But what could she do on land? In our last
war with Great Britain we won constantly at sea, but
h ist as regularly in every land battle, until Jackson j
met Pakenham at New Orleans and won a victory
after peace had been declared. England was then the
invader of our soil, and these young soldiers were
going to invade Spanish territory in a land of ro
mance, glamour and mystery.
They marched like heroes, and as the transports that
bore them away dropped gradually out of sight, hull i
i, and finally topmast hidden behind the great |
curve of this big world, hearts ached and eyes flowed '
tears, afloat and ashore.
Now the big transports bring them back, thousands
of them living and a thousand of them dead. No
army ever has faced such difficulties as they have i
found in the unexpected war which held them on ■
the other side of the eartti, after the legal expiration
of their enlistment and the accomplishment of its ob
ject in the overthrow of Spain. They have sweltered
in camp and boiled in the trenches. They have rushed :
through muddy swamps against the longer range guns
of the enemy to get within the striking distance of ,
their less effective arms. They have obeyed every
order, except one to retreat. Placed in a novel situa
tion from a military point of view, called to a kind of
fighting in which tactics were useless, each man his
been his own captain and general officer. The im
portance of individual initiative, which is the peculiar
of the American volunteer, was never as well
shown as in the hard campaigns which have changed
these fair-faced boys into bronzed and seasoned vet
erans.
Their duty was the hardest ever taken by American
soldiers. We have on our pension roll yet nearly a
score of people who draw for service rendered in our i
revolution of i""6, a war begun a century and a quar
ter ago, and the same roll bears the names of those j
pensioned in every war since. But from Concord to \
Santiago, no troops under our flag and fighting for
it have ever faced such a task, in such a territory,
against such an enemy and under such climatic ter
rors, as the^e young veterans who are with us now and !
are going home.
They have in all things acquitted themselves like
men and soldiers. Not forgetting that they were citi- !
zens of the republic, they have not forgotten that they
were soldiers of the fatherland.
The chapter in which history records human cour- i
ape has been doubled by their deeds. The soldier's ■<
story, continued from one hard war to another, frcn
Marathon to Manila, under all suns, and all com- j
manders, has gained a thrill from their sacrifices, and I
when it is all over, and there is no further call for !
hard death in hard fighting far away* from the homes
that have to mourn, they must be gallant men and j
that cause great that can sustain the interest of the
Story at the heignt to which these volunteers have car
ried it. California cheered their going as she- does '
their return. The Golden Gate is the wide way by
which they enter God's country. May they return to
its sympathy and support, its opportunity open in civil
life, to home circles unbroken and home hearts made
fonder by absence and its perils.
The Oaklander, wh« is being sued for divorce lie
cause in his frolicsome moods he would jump on his
wife, set fire to her hair and smash the furniture, must
have been something in the nature of a Kansas cy
clone when be became real gay.
The Supreme Court has granted a now trial to :
Albert Yereneseneckorkorkhoft. convicted of the
murder of Mrs. Mary A. Clute. The learned Justices
probabiy think that his name is punishment enough i
•without stretching his neck the length of it J
PHILIPPINE PHYSIOGRAPHY.
THE people of this country have but a passing
and temporary interest in the military person
alities arising from the Philippine campaign
Accepting the declaration of Colonel Denby that if
we want the Philippines we want them as an asset, a
piece of property of value to the American people, it
is in order to secure as much information as possible
bearing upon the asset and property which we are
seeking to secure by costly military operations.
It has been widely published that the Philippines
offer splendid opportunities to the American home
seeker and that an American from Florida or Maine
can go there confident that the climate will not impair
his energies nor work the physical degeneracy of hU
children. If this is true it settles the matter.
If the arable kinds are open to homestead
settlement, or to acquisition at a figure not repugnant
i to American ideas of their productive value, and the
population is sparse and the climate agreeable, our
people may go there safely, with the assurance that
unimpaired American energy and thrift will get their
reward.
If these conditions are present there will soon be
worked a great change in the history of tropical
economics. The people in all tropical countries have
always been poor, measured by the temperate zone
standard of wealth and comfort. The wealth of the
world has always been in the temperate zone. Tropi
cal labor has always been slave or servile labor in
some form, and where the social foundation is Com
posed of non-assimilable servile labor there is but lit
tle progress and a faulty civilization. All this is to be
reversed if Americans can work in the Philippines as
they work here, and if the population is not already
crowded and lands are open to settlement.
The Call to-day publishes interviews with the Ore
gon volunteers bearing upon these physical facts. The
answers are to a few set questions, and while they
differ in an estimate of. the character of the Filipinos,
they are practically unanimous as to the physical
facts. They agree that the climate is not suited to our
people and that Americans cannot work there. Even
the Filipinos avoid labor as much as possible and
the most of the field and other hard work is performed
by Chinese coolies. If Americans escape the acute
diseases which are endemic there, these volunteers
agree that a year's residence in that hot and humid
climate saps "their energy and undermines their
strength. The common answer is "No place for a
white man." As to the ownership of land, there is
general agreement that the custom, which began with
the extension of Spanish power around the world,
was followed in those islands. . Spain sent out two
classes — soldiers and churchmen. The soldiers paid
no attention to production. They made conquests
and held them. The church orders, composed of skill
ful men, well informed, gave their attention to the
productions of the country and the conversion of the
people. In this way it occurred that in all the Span
ish colonies the church and church orders owned the
land. Indeed, this custom was not confined to Spain,
for such ownership of land was common on the
European continent and in England.
In the Philippines what the church does not own is
taken up by foreign syndicates, principally British.
On all the land Chinese is the principal labor em-
ployed.
Anglo-Saxons do not like to be tenants. The pride
of ownership is upon them, and not many Americans,
even if climatic conditions were agreeable, would seek
the Philippines to become tenants of the church or of
British syndicates. Just what our Government will do
with the land question remains to be seen. In all of
the Spanish colonies in this hemisphere the church
property was confiscated as soon as they became in
dependent, and we believe that was part of Agui
naldo's programme in the Philippines, which our con
quest of the islands will prevent". The future must de
velop our policy. The church property in England
was confiscated by Henry VIII. The first appearance
in history of the trust, which is a political issue now in
this country, was the effort made by the church to
save its lands by putting them in trust, in the hands
of a combination of laymen.
In the Philippines this country can follow up con
quest by wiping out all land titles and declaring the
land public domain, open to acquisition by all citizeas;
or it may respect all such titles and bar private owner
ship of the only lands there that are fit for tillage.
The present owners will greatly benefit by our mili
tary occupation of the country and the order which
will be enforced by the presence of garrisons.
It is to b^ hoped that the American press will give
to the "people the information brought home by the
volunteers. They are intelligent men who have had
the benefit of a year's observation and much practical
experience in that climate. As will be seen by the
answers we publish to-day, the volunteers are mostly
drawn from farm life and show a fine knowledge of
its requirements. What they say about such life in
the Philippines may be depended upon as reliable.
An oil exchange has been established to boom the
trade in the State. The Southern Pacific Company
generously provided some of its deluded passengers
the other day with a special train consisting of an
engine and an oil car. There is no necessary connec
tion between the two facts, but Uncle Collis is an
adept at cheap advertising.
Principal McXaughton of the San Jose Normal
School must rather enjoy the investigation which is
now being made of his character. His .critics have
been after him for nine years and he seems to find no
monotony in the proceedings.
DEMOCRATIC TRANSFORMATIONS.
SOME months ago Henry Watterson, who is a
man of strong intellect and independent char
acter, published a letter, probably in the Cou
rier-Journal of Louisville, entitled "What Shall the
Party Do to Be Saved?" It was, of course, the Demo
: cratic party to which he referred, and, after proving
| incontestably its abandonment of principle in the so-
I cialistic Chicago platform,, his conclusion was that
! its salvation' depended upon its return to its own
characteristic doctrines and the selection of a new
; candidate for the Presidency in 1900.
If Mr. Watterson was correct, then as his advice has
'■ been wholly disregarded, the Democratic party is
doomed to defeat, if not extinction, in the coming na
tional campaign. But in fact its doom had been sealed
before he wrote. The election of 1896 was a complete
Republican victory. The State elections of 1898, how
ever, even more definitely settled the fate of free sil
ver at 16 to I or at any ratio incompatible with it*
bullion value, and. coupled with almost simultaneous
, action throughout the world, including Japan and sev
eral of the South American republics, and recently
followed by the virtual restoration or substitution of
: the gold standard in India, for years at feast closed
the record of bimetallism, even in a form that would
r.ot have been unacceptable to a large number of
American Republicans.
These State elections also arrested the rising tide
I of that false Democracy, permeated by Populism or
[practicalized socialism, that sought to substitute gov
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3. 1899.
ernment by changeable majorities for the constitu
tional government established by the founders of the
republic, in which the rights of individuals and of mi
norities were protected. On June 24, 1778, Alexan
der Hamilton, representing the ideas of the Federal
or Conservative party that afterward became the in
heritance of the Whigs, and anticipating the pre
dominant features of the national constitution as sub
sequently framed and adopted, identified State
autonomy and freedom in the following language:
"The States can never lose their power till the whole
people of America are robbed of their liberties." He
wns arguing for the Federal Senate, as it was framed
and has always existed, on the ground that it would
preserve the individuality of the States as members
of the Union. While the system of biennial elections
of Representatives by direct vote in Congressional
districts insured the constant impression of popular
opinions upon Congress, it was believed that the
longer terms of Senators and their direct, relation to
the States were effective guarantees against centraliza
tion on the one hand and rash legislation on the other.
That a change in the mode of electing Federal Sena
tors by the transfer of the power of choosing them
from the Legislatures to the people is in progress is
an incontestable fact. For years it has been alleged,
to some extent unjustly, that the upper house of
Congress has become a plutocratic club. It is certain
that scats in that body have been purchased, as even
Boss Buckley acknowledges. The spectacles in Cali
fornia, Pennsylvania and other States during the pres
ent year, and in which both parties were implicated,
have added strong impetus to the movement. Such
offensive exhibitions of corruption have accumulated
for a generation, until their stench became intolerable,
and relief a necessity.
But the deference to popular sovereignty implied in
its direct exercise by the people in the selection of
Senators does not necessarily involve any revolution in
the constitutional functions of the Senate of the
United States. On the contrary, it is expected to re
store that illustrious body to its ancient foundation.
It is the mode and not the result of election that is to
be altered. When the Federal constitution has been
amended, as in all our previous history, Senators will
represent their respective States as well as the Union.
The question applies to means and not to ends.
The transformations and the exchanges of parties
are" among the curious episodes of modern times. It
has been seen that, even prior to the formal estab
lishment of the Government, the leader of the con
servative political element in the country, accused
indeed of aristocratic proclivities, firmly believed in
the preservation of State autonomy. Thomas Jeffer
son, the actual founder of the Democratic party, car
ried this fundamental proposition to its furthest pos
sible limts. There was one great conception, there
fore, upon which both parties were practically united.
State rights were the slogan of the Democrats, and
out of an extreme development of this doctrine the se
cession faith originated.
The Chicago platform and the fusion platforms of
last year abandoned every principle that had made
Democracy respectable and, down to 1861, with brief
interruptions, had retained for it the control of the
Government. The socialistic theories that have been
substituted for the Democracy of Jefferson, strongly
indorsed on the point here more immediately con
sidered by Hamilton and to which Mr. Watterson
sagaciously desired his party to return, obliterate in
effect not only State lines, but county and municipal
divisions, and propose to weld the entire population
of the United States into a huge and unwieldy mass
of human beings, provided for by paternalism, if
these theories should ever be practicaiized, individual
ism would be lost and humanity reduced to the level
of an automatic machine.
The fusion Democracy has yielded up the ghost of
Jeffersonian Democracy. Its vitality is gone. What
ever elements the Democratic party ever possessed
that harmonized with our political system and guarded
life, liberty and property have been appropriated by
the Republican party, which stands for State rights,
subject to the integrity of the Union, and to the main
tenance and fulfillment of every constitutional obliga
tion. Former political attitudes have been reversed.
The doctrines of corrupt, offensive and injurious cap
italization, as distinguished from the just use of the
legal power of combination and accumulation, are in
their essence the substance of fusion Democracy.
The fusionists are in a sorry plight. The Exam
iner, with its national and internal policies, inconsist
ent in themselves and contradicted in practice, is their
appropriate organ. But noise and froth and constant
repudiation of Americanism are their only capital.
They are fussy but harmless. When Zechariah ob
served the horses red, speckled and white, he asked
a visiting angel: "What are these?" and a man replied:
"These are they whom the Lord has sent to walk to
and fro through the earth." And then the men who
rode the horses added: "We have walked to and fro
through the earth, and behold all the earth sitteth still
and is at rest."
The fusion Democrats belong to the age of Zecha
riah and not to the nineteenth century.
Washington statesmen are beginning to disturb
themselves seriously in an effort to determine how
the Filipino war will affect politics. They might dis
cuss with better profit the query of how politics will
affect the Filipino war.
The press censor at Manila must be away on a vaca
tion. Through some strange oversight of the authori
ties the correspondents were permitted to report an
act of exceptional heroism on the part of a Filipino
officer.
The Trustees of the State Normal School at San
Jose have applied the whitewash brush to Principal
McNaughton. Many of the alumni are still of the
opinion that the doctor should have had the boot.
The great railroad strike at Cleveland seems to
have reached a very happy stage if not a conclusion.
Each side claims a victory, neither is willing to trust
itself and both are afraid of each other.
As the Democratic National Committee is com
plaining of a lack of money, it is clear the people are
too prosperous to care very much whether the old
calamity mill is kept running or not.
And now the subordinates of the national naval
bureaus have been talking too much. The authorities
af Washington ought to make a requisition for some
deaf r.nd dumb clerks.
Peace hath her victories as well as war. Sir Julian
Pauncefote, it is announced, is soon to be elevated
to the British peerage in recognition of his services
at The Hague congress.
The Cubans are about to send a deputation to
Washington to ask our intentions, so now if Uncle
Sam meajis to wed the Queen of the Antilles it is time
for him to say so.
To outsiders the ruction in San Domingo may
seem like a revolution, but to the people of the island
it will hardly count as an osaliaiioja. They arc used
[to such things,
WILL SECRETARY OF WAR ROOT BE ABLE TO GET AROUND THESE ?
From the New York World.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Judge M. E. Sanborn of Tuba City Is a
guest at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Goerk of Sacra
mento are at the Grand.
E. O. Miller of Visalla is one of the
late arrivals at the Palace.
Rev. B. D. Sinclair is registered at the
Occidental from Lakeport.
Charles N. Margetts. a wealthy cattle
man of Templeton, is staying at the
Russ.
J. C. Craig, the "Woodland hanker, came
down to the city j-esterday and registered
at the Grand.
U. S. Grant Jr. and his family arrived
in the city yesterday from the south and
are at the Palace.
C. A. Rurcham. a wealthy mining man
of Randshurg. is at the Palace, where he
arrived yesterday.
D. J. Paddock, a Vc!l-knnwn rancher
of Santa Rosa, is at the Russ, where he
arrived yesterday.
11. A. Schram, a prominent fruit grower
of St. Helena, is at the Lick on a short
business trip to the city.
Colonel John Cross, one of the leading
citizens of Los Angeles, is among the late
arrivals at the Grand.
John Ena. vice president of the Inter-
Island Steamship Company <>f Honolulu,
is at the California wfth his wife.
P. G. Ostrnndt-r. District Attorney of
Mercod. and Sheriff C. A. H. WarfidH "f
the same place are both staying at the
Lick.
G. L. A. Smith, formerly manager of
the Occidental and now proprietor of the
hotel at Ben Lomond, is a guest at the
Grand.
John A. Payne, one of the best known
and most popular of the residents of Los
Angeles, is at the Grand on a short visit
to this city.
Professor J. E. Stubbs, brother of Vice
President Stubbs of the Southern Pacific,
is registered at the Occidental from his
borne in Reno.
Graham E. Babcock, son of the pro
prietor of the Coronado Hotel, is at the
California, accompanied by his wife and
sister-in-law.
Dr. C. F. Matthews, a wealthy dentist
and mining man of Angels Camp, is a
guest at the Grand. He te here in con
nection with the sale of some large min
ing properties in which he is heavily in
terested.
Ed C. Penigan of the firm of Thomas
Denigan, Son & Co., wool merchants, has
returned from Humboldt County after an
extended business trip. He reports quick
sales, and that the output of wool for
this season has been remarkably good.
Judge W. Henning, the newly appointed
Code Commissioner from the south, ar
rived in the city yesterday and met the
other members of the commission infor
mally. The first regular formal meeting
of the commission will take place at Sac
ramento on August 21.
Sir Henry Heyman, the violinist, has
returned to the city after an extended
trip to Alaska. He went as far north
as Cape Nome and had a splendid time
in every way. The trip was taken for
purposes of pleasure and health and Sir
Henry returns with the satisfaction of
having accomplished 'both of the objects
that sent him cruising among the ice*
bergs of the north.
A party of distinguished Central Ameri
cans have arrived in the city and are
staying at the Occidental. They are F.
Monteverde. Treasurer of Hermosillo; J.
E. Almada, a millionaire merchant of Cu
liacan; C. Echeverria, a big politician and
leading capitalist of Hermosillo; Rafael
Yxabal, a Congressman of the state of
Sonora; Enrique Cappel, one of the mer
chant princes of Mazatlan; C. Ortego, a
wealthy mine owner of the same place;
Jose Somulen, who is one of the wealth
iest men that Mazatlan possesses among
the multimillionaires she counts among
her citizens, and General F. Canedo, Si
naloa.
-f^i : <S>+ The Ancient
f wnßk-Fn IT t Mariners assem-
WORKED II ble^ yesterday
OFF DIM afternoon at their
Kjrr v^iM usualplace in the
THE COOK. llttle snuggery
1 back of the bar.
,.<;. ' . (j>+ It had been some
' . *;.;.'• time since they
had gathered. The Spanish war had called
for their services in one way and another,
and many a strange scene had been wit
nessed and many curious episodes enacted
since last they were together.
"You may put a little red pepper in
mine this time, Charlie," said Bruguiere.
"Ever since I made that transport trip to
Manila my lower hold f eel 3 • a little
draughty unless I put a cargo of pepper
aboard to warm it up a bit. By the way,
McGregor, did you do any soldier carry
ing during the war?" "
"No," replied the gentleman with the
mahogany countenance seated at the
weather side of the table. "I went looking
for whales, and carried nothing but dry
casks and an insurance' policy. That was
so heavy that I nearly turned turtle."
"Well, m' bucko, if you want an experi
ence that will turn your hair gray be
tween watches juat take a turn at volun
tteers. I know of nothing that's like it,.
unless it is a cattle ship with the pens
carried away.
"We had all sorts of trouble going down
last summer. The men were not used to
the sea. Neither were their officers, and
the result was that the ship looked more
like a barn in distress than a respectable
eea-golng craft. The deck got so thick
with grease that we tried it out afterward
and made double our wages by selling the
proceeds to a candle firm. "We used to
have out the wind-catchers at our port
holes, and the men on deck utilized them
as receptacles for the stale beans they
threw over the side.
"The officers were worse than the men,
and altogether it was the. ship's
company that you ever saw. One night
the captain, after remonstrating with the
colonel on the laxity of discipline, went
forward to speak to the men himself. He
carried a lighted cigar in his mouth. Just
a/5 he stepped off the break of the poop
some one soaked him with a wet pillow
and drove .the weed half-way down his
throat. He never said a word, but, turn
ing on his heel, entered his cabin. A few
minutes afterward he sent for me and
said: 'Sir, I have bet;n in command for
twenty years, have sailed on everything
from a scow to a three-skysail-yarder,
and this is the first time such a thing has
happened to me. I can't clean out that
whole regiment, but I must get sat
isfaction somewhere. Send the cook to
my room.' I sent the cook. He entered,
and I saw the door close. "When we ar
rived at Honolulu the galley angel re
signed and was taken ashore. The regi
mental doctor afterward told me it was
the worst case of face contusion he had
ever attended."
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOSK.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Frank Vanness,
E. S. Yergason, A. D'Ancona. Mrs. R.
Reston, all of San Francisco, are at the
Fifth Avenue. L. E. Hanchett of San
Francisco is at the Normandie.
MILLIONS WORTH OF TIDE
LANDS IN LITIGATION
IT INVOLVES VALUABLE OAK-
LAND ESTUARY FRONTAGE.
Mary Gwin Claims to Be the Successor
of Original Grantee and Demands
a United States Patent for
the Property.
A petition involving the title to several
million dollars of tide land property on
the San Antonio Creek, the Oakland es
tuary and other places in Alameda County
has been presented to L 7 nited States Dis
trict Judge de Haven, and will be argued
before him on Monday. September 4.
The petition is from Mary E. H. Gwin, as
intervenor, and asks that the Secretary
of the Interior be instructed to issue a
patent to her for the lands of the Rancho
de San Antonio, better known as the
Peralta grant.
The averments of the petition are that
in January. 1852, Antonio, Vicente, Ignacio
and Dominico Peralta filed a claim for
the lands mentioned before the United
States Land Commissioners. The Com
missioners and the United States District
Court conlirmed the validity of the claim
of the petitioners on January 26, 1555. In
1556 the United States Supreme Court con
firmed the validity of the grant and the
claim of the petitioners and remanded the
case to the United States District Court
for further proceedings. The District
Court on November 30, 1559, amended its
decree to conform to the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States. In
1566 Congress passed an act that in the
event that no survey of the grant had
been requested before the passage of the
act nor within ten months after its pass
age the Surveyor General of the United
States was authorized to survey the grant
in conformity with the decree.
The petitioners had not asked before the
passage of the act or within ten months
after its passage for a survey, and in 1895
the Surveyor General surveyed the grant
and approved the plat of survey. In
the petition Gwin and Francisco San
Jurjo (since deceased) asked the Com
missioner of the General Land Office for
a patent of the grant, but the Commis
sioner refused. The Secretary of the In
ttrior confirmed the decision of the Com
missioner and refused to issue the patent
Boyd & Fifield appear for the petitioner
who claims to have succeeded to the title
from the original grantees.
Mr. Boyd said last night that the San
Antonio ranch was granted by Mexico to
the United States as a part of its Cali
fornia concession. By some oversight or
mistake when the matter was brought
Into the United States Court squatters
were allowed to come in to raise a
contention as to the location of the
boundaries of the grant, and the
United States undertook to confirm
and make valid to the grantees of
the Mexican Government all the land
which Mexico had granted to them. But
as there could be but one owner of the
property, it was not possible for the Mex
ican grantee and the State of California
to own the same property. The United
States compelled the Mexican grantee
Antonio Peralta. to submit his title to
the United States Court for examination
and the court agreed that the grant of
land was his.
In forcing Peralta into that tribunal the
United States assumed the attitude of an
ordinary litigant and abdicated its sov
ereign right of exemption from suits and
the effects of judgments or decrees
Mr. Boyd, in reply to a question, admit
ted that it was barely possible that other
lands might be Involved in the matter
.and. that there were adverse claimants.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
Not Bound by Notions.
One member of our local theatrical col
ony tells this story on himself: He was
spending the summer in a suburban town,
and as he is an exceedingly fastidious
person he found It somewhat difficult to
find quarters quite to his liking. He went
one day to look at rooms in a house on
the Tennallytown road. The landlady
seemed not at all impressed by his per
sonality.
"My name is So-and-So," he said.
"Are you in office?" she asked.
"Certainly not, madame," he replied,
with dignity. "I am a professional. I am
an actor, madame."
"Oh, well," she answered, cheerfully,
"that wouldn't make no difference if you
paid in advance. I ain't got no old-fash
ioned prejudices."— Washington Post.
An Unnecessary Explanation.
He was describing a holdup in which he
had played the star part.
"Yes, he said, "the biggest ruffian held
me so tightly against the brick wall that
I could feel the mortar scratching my
backbone. 'Gimme your watch!' he
growled. I gave it to him immediately."
. There was a pause.
"Gave it right up, eh?" said a breath
less listener.
"Yes." said the victim, "I did." Then he
dreamily added: "You see, I was pressed
for time." — Cleveland Plain Dealer.
He Uttered the Sesame.
The late Senator Sessions of New York
was a clerical looking man, always wear
ing an immaculate white cravat, but his
appearance was in some respects decep
tive. The will of Stephen Girard provided
that no clergyman should ever be al
lowed to enter Girard College at Philadel
phia. One day Mr. Sessions approached
the entrance.
"You can't come in here," said the jani
tor.
"The I can't!" said the stranger.
"Oh." said the janitor, "excuse me."
Step right in."— San Francisco Argonaut.
The Joke on Splints.
" Awfully good joke on young Splints,
fsnt it?"
"Didn't hear it."
"He si_zed a man up for appendicitis
and favored him with n hasty operation."
"What's the joke? Man dead?"
"Man's dead all right enough, but tint
ain't the joke. They found out at the
autopsy that he was born without any
appendix. How's that?" — Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DANIEL. WEBSTER— D. M.. Duncan's
Mills, Cal. There is no record of Daniel
Webster's ever having killed a man.
AUTOMOBILE— S. N. S., City. H. P.
Taylor is the agent of the automobile who
visited this city in the interest of the new
vehicle.
EXPERT AMES— Subscriber, City. Dan
iel Ames, the writing expert, was not
called to Paris. France, to testify in the
Dreyfus case. He was shown some sam
ples of Dreyfus' handwriting and a photo
graphic copy of the bordereau at hi 3
home, ami he gave an opinion thereon.
GRECO-TURKISH WAR —J. A. R..
City. This department has not the spaco
to enter into a history of the Greco-Turk
ish ar of 1897. In the American Cyclope
dia, new series, volume 3, 1597, to be found,
in the reference room of the Free' Library,
there is, under the head of "Greece," a
twenty-column account of that war.
TO STOP A PAPER— W. 8.. City. If a
publisher sends you a paper that you did
not subscribe for notify him that you do
not want it, and if the publisher persists
in sending it notify the postal authorities
that you will not receive the paper, and
the authorities will in turn notify the pub
lisher that the paper is refused.
PLANTS" IN SLEEPING ~ROOMS-^
Flora, Napa, Cal. The general effect of
plants is to purify the air. The leaves
I of plants and trees inhale carbonic acid
gas, the poisonous element of the atmo
sphere thrown out by anlm ils in breath
ing, and give out oxygen, the life-giving
element, without which animal life cannot
exist. The constant action of the leaves
! is one of the natural agencies by which
the proportion of carbonic acid gas is kept
at a minimum. Carbonic acid, without
which plant life could not exist, is poison
ous to animal life— not. as is usually sup
posed, because it is Itself a poison, but
because when more than a certain pro
portion of it is in the air respiration is
I impossible. It is not a poison to the
stomach or blood, but is deadly to the
lungs. House plants should never be kent
in sleeping rooms, nor. Indeed, in any
rooms generally occupied, if the matter
of ventilation Is not attended to very
carefully. Every green leaf on tree or
plant sucks in during the sunshine car
bonic acid from the air and breathes out
oxygen but this only in the day time
During the night this action ceases and
.the reverse takes place— that is taking in
oxygen and throwing out carbonic acid
The young shoots and flowers of all plants
breathe in oxygen only: consequently they
may actually vitiate the air. just ani
mals do, by increasing the proportion of
carbonic acid. From this it ma b noted
that harm done by plants in houses is
e 4o S^ C When they are bloss !
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 510 Vlnn
gonjtry street. Telephone Main 10427 ""
. Travelers «hould know that Dr. Sie*ert'i An-A CEREAL KING WEDS
A CINCINNATI BELLE
Sensational Marriage in This City of Millionaire
Ferdinand Schumacher and Mary Zipper
len — Groom a Septuagenarian.
FERDINAND, SCHUMACHER,
the famous millionaire oatmeal
king of Akrpn, Ohio, and Mary
Zipper len, ;i charming Cincin
nati belle, who arrived from the East
n few days ago, and registered at ihe
Pala • [ietly married Tuesday
morning at the Central Methodist
Episcopal Church by itß pastor, Rev.
idward !-• eke.
couple have tried their utmost to
the affair from The public.
Miss Zipperlen, who is the daughter
r. A. Zipperlen <>f Cincinnati, ha*
- as a eruest of the aged
J king, in company with his niece,
Miss l)ii:;t Schumacher, for several
.; when the party left the
they imparted the secret of their
• ;;il intentions only to a small
: intimate friends. The an
i." • :it of their marriage will h>?
plete surprise to the world.
Th< couple left the Palace early
lay morning and went direct to
the County Clerk's office, where they
; ired a license. The bridal party.
• : g of th° prospective bride and
: , MlsS Dora Schumacher and
Mrs. Wallbridge, an Eastern woman,
v> ho met the couple on their arrival
here, drove to the Rev. Mr. Locke's
parlors and the knot was tied. They
then went to a fashionable downtown
rotisserie and enjoyed a sumptuous
ng breakfast.
Ferdinand Schumacher Is one of the
REPUBLICANS
HAVE NO USE
FOR THE BOSSES
Independent Attitude
of the Voters.
RESENT CENTRAL DICTATION
STUFFERS IMPORTED TO ASSIST
DEMOCRATIC FACTIONS.
City Republican League Completes
Its Work of Revis
ing District
Tickets.
Republicans are making commpnda
-. • ss in their efforts to pet the
- and taxpayers
■ye in the municipal nominating
ntion. In several districts the dif
es within the party have been
and in each <>f the districts
where the negotiations f"r harmony
• ssful there will be
but one Republican delegate ticket in
::t-ld at the primary election. It
was asserted last night by one _>f the
promoters of harmony that the
Republicans in the Thirtieth. Fortieth,
Forty-first, Forty-second, Forty-third
and Forty-fifth Assembly districts had
3ted affairs bo that all factions
would be united on the day of election
that negotiations looking to a sim
nesult were progressing in the
Thirty-sixth. Thirty-seventh, Thirty
: and Thirty-ninth Assembly dis-
. ■• :•■ In this campaign that
nablleana of each of the eighteen
districts resent dictation
or centralized power.
mins and Kelly have retired from
tsim aid the Repub
inty Committee does not go
nd the limit of suggestion in deal
. ■ ious districts.
The City Republican League, of
tvhich Henry T. Scott is president, does
not assume to dictate elegate nomina
tions to the listrict clubs organized
under the auspices of the league, but
.has exerted influence iv the line of sug
gestiun to induce the selection of a good
class of nominees. Men of large affairs,
who have the great.. interests at
s-take, are extremely reticent in allotv
ing their names to be^ placed on a dele
gate ticket, yet the indications are that
the Republican Municipal Convention
will be representative of the character
and intelligence of San Francisco.
The Democrats do not appear to be
making any urtusual effort to bring for
ward prominent men to be voted for as
delegates. The Buckley faction is Look
ing for men who will be loyal to the
old boss. The Rain.ey-Examin.-r league
is taking anybody who will agree to
serve Rainey and protect the Fire De
partment. Behind the following the
nlner hopes to set in and control
I'helan, should he be re-elected Mayor.
The Democratic faction which acknowl
edges allegiance to Jasper McDonald
and Gavin McNab's committee of one
hundred promised to introduce some
elements of respectability into the con
vention of the Democratic party, but
in order to gain votes in the several
districts the faction has succumbed to
the demands of job-chasers and put
forward a list <.f men known only to
the city- -directory and great register.
The Republicans are far in advance of
ihe Democrats in recognizing that citi
zens of known character and standing
in the community should be called to
the duty of nominating men to fill the
municipal offli under the new charter.
The City Republican League at its
headquarters in the Grand Hotel- last
night practically finished its work of
naming district tickets. Many good
men have been proposed for service in
the nominating convention.
In the Twenty-ninth Assembly Dis
trict the Rainey-Examiner League and
Buckley have 'joined hands to down
Samuel Braunhart, who is the exponent
of the qprnmittee of One Hundred in
that political subdivision of the city.
&ite last Tuesday night Braunhart
lied the district with small posters
Snouncing his delegate ticket. Among ,
the display lnes of the poster, above
the names of the proposed delegates,
Mere these:
PLEDGED TO PHEL.AN
MUNICIPAL TICKET.
TXCONTROLLED BY CORRUPT
BOSSES!
Before daylight yesterday morning
the Ralneyites, Examinerites and Buck
leyites caught sight of the Braunhart
posters and forthwith had pink slips
best - known men in Chicago . and
throughout the State of Ohio. He was
for years president of the American }
Cereal Company, a position which he i
resigned en the Bth of February. He
Bet aside these arduous duties in order
that he mipht straighten out his affairs
preparatory to starting on a tour across
the continent.
Mr. .Schumacher is 70 years of ag;e,
but he is still hale and hearty. ll<- es
tablished the first oatmeal mill in ohm .
at Akron in 1856. Ever since that time
his capital has steadily increased. Hi
was always considered a power in r
American wheat deals. Six years ago
Mr. Schumacher moved to Chicago.
where he has resided ever since.
The bride is a handsome blonde, and I
at the license office gave her age as j
forty, but she looks nearer twenty-five, j
When seen last night at his apart- ■
ments in the Palace Mr. Schumacher
said: "Now that the story of my mar
riage with Miss Zipperlen is out I have
no objection to saying a few words
with reference to it. She is much
younger than I, 'tis true, but I love j
her and she loves me. Don't you,
dear?"
This to the bride, who was in an ad
joining room. "Miss Zipperlen's fam- I
fly knew when she started from homo '
that the tour which she was about to
take would end in matrimony."
Mr. Schumacher has two sons by his
first wife., one of whom is a prominent !
business man in Chicago. The other
lives in Akron, Ohio.
printed and pasted over the Braunhart
display lines. The pasters contained
these wards:
THIS TICKET IS CONTROLLED BY
BOSS SAM BRAUNHART.
At the bottom of the Braunhart
poster is this note of caution:
WARNING.
All good citizens are warned
against the machinations of those fol
lowers of the criminal bosses, who
hide their treachery to the Demo
cratic party and their hostility to de
cency in politics under the cloak of
Mayor Phelan's popularity, whose
labors for improved conditions they
have always belittled and vainly
sought /to discourage, and whose
election to the Mayoralty they have
attempted to defeat in two elections
by most despicable means.
These words of warning were not mo
lested by the agents of Buckley, Ftainey
and the Examiner. The Phelan battle
cry is used by all the corrupt factions
of the Democratic party, hence it serves
boss as well as another.
There has been a large importation
of rounders and stuffers for service In
the Twenty-ninth District on the day of
the primary election. It is claimed by
the Braunhart faction that the stuffers
have been imported to help Buckley
and Rainey.
THE REPUBLICANS.
Session of the Advisory Central
Club— T. V. Eddy Elected
Chairman.
* Forty-nine of the ninety members of
the Central Advisory Republican dub
attended the initial session of that body
which was held in Western Hall. Shiels
building, last night.. The meeting- was an
hour in duration, but in that sl;.>rt period
a great deal of business was transacted.
A. J. Raisch, chairman of the Republi
can County Committee, called the dele
gates to order and stated the objects of
coming together. "Under a resolu
tion adopted by the County Committee."
he said, "it was resolved at a meeting
held on July 21. l>>9fi, by the several dis
trict clubs throughout the city and county
of San Francisco there should be five del*-
- elected to an Advisory Central
Club, which shall be representative of the
district organization of the Republican
party of this city and -county, the term
of such deiefrates to be for one year fni
lowing the date of their election, and their
duty was to harmonize the Republican
clubs of tlv- several districts and consult
with the leaders <if said district clubs for
the welfare ami interest of the Republican
party.' 1 Mr. Raisch, on concluding these
remarks, stated that the election of a
temporary chairman was in order, and
Horace Jackson urnse and placed Colonel
T. V. Eddy in nomination. Samu'l Bar
man seconded the nomination. Colonel
Eddy was the unanimous choice .of :he
members, and he took the chair. In ac
cepting the honor he said: "I suppose
that r>n an occasion of this kind speech
making is entirely out of order. We have
work to do. I would like to say on my
own behalf that I appreciate the honor
of my We are on the threshold
of an important campaign ajid we are
Inclined to believe that this departure
from thf old rules that have obtained in
the past is a very wise one. We have a
■ on our hands of the very greatest
importance, and T assure you, gentlemen,
that T will do all I can to forward your
! in this organization."
When the applause had subsided Sen
ator E. I. Wolfe nominated Maurice L.
Ather for temporary secretary. As there
was no opposition Mr. Asher took up the
a of that office.
Samuel Barman. W. A. S. Nicholson and
James G. Snook were appointed a com
mittee on credentials. Joseph S. Spear
Jr. followed with a motion that a com
mittee be appointed on permanent organ
n, by-laws and order of business. A
was th^n taken to allow the com
mittee on credentials to complete its la
bor- and th<> chairman to select his com
mittee on organization.
At the expiration of five minutes the
menih-rs wen again called to order and
the committee on credentials reported
! DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
! CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
P.F.LTINI.
LD ntf.ClL' Manufacturer of Beitinti and
f. DEUCiI, [ ace Leaih r. 105-107 Mis-
sion St, cor. Spear. 1 Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Suecial Attention Paid to Repairs and Phlp
Work.
Cffioe and Works-113-115 MISSION ST,
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
' TBESAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
.342 to 350 Oeiiry Street, ahove Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKE AND PICJ IRON.
j. C. WILSON & CO..
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Fupt. H. BLYTH. Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
end Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and IS
Washington St Telephone' Main 564 ;
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1899.
that the list of delegates was correct,
with the exception of a few corrections
in the spelling of the names of some
delegates.
Mr. Spear moved that the committee on
organization, etc., coasist of fifteen mem
bers instead of eleven. The motion was
seconded by Mr. Nicholson. Some little
wrangle occurred over the motion before
its passage. Explanations were made by
the mover and it was adopted unanimous
ly. Chairman Eddy named the following
-to act aa a committee on permanent or
ganization, by-laws and order of busi
ness: Joseph S. Spear Jr., chairman; ti.
I. Wolfe, George Dietterle, W. A. George.
Dr. I. B. Dalzitl. Supervisor John Lack
inann. William Powers, Edward Smith,
Arthur Walker, E. C. Palmieri, Henry
Mayer. Dr. C. U. Morgan. General S. AN .
Backus, Hugh Fraser and A. A. Fried
lander. The committee will meet to-night
in the rooms of the Union League Club at J
S oclock.
Supervisor I.ackmann moved that when
the dub adjourned it do so to meet in
the same hall on Saturday night. Some
opposition was made to the motion by a
few delegates, who wanted another night
Chosen, but Mr. Lackmann's motion pre
vail, d. After Secretary Asher had taken
a list of the addresses of the members the :
club adjourned.
The executive committee of the Thir- ;
tieth District Republican Independent |
Club (aml-Crimmins) met last evening at ,
909 Folsom street, with D. AY. McNeill ;
president and W. H. Harrington secre
tary. The following resolution was unani- ]
mously adopted: "Resolved. That no per
son holding a Federal. State or muni.-i
--pal position or connected in any way with
the Kr-publlcan organization either as a
State Central or County committeeman
sh:*ll be eligible as 'a delegate to the
forthcoming municipal convention."
Tho committee on selection of delegate*
presented a ticket to be voted for at the
primary election. The report of the com
mittee was adopted.
This club is independent of bosses and
ha? no connection with any other Repub
lican organization in the district.
THE DEMOCRATS.
Assembly District Club Meet-
ings — Speeches and Reso
lutions.
The Thirty-second Assembly District
al Democratic Club met last night
:on the corner of Brannan and Third
streets. President Daniel McCarthy acted
as chairman of the evening.
Judge Carroll was the first speaker, and
I he referred to the palmy days of Ruckley, j
when all was unity and harmony. He,
! gloried in the primaries and hoped they .
! wou'd ever be. Vice President H. F. !
Schlichtlng followed with a speech on Jet- |
onian Democracy. , ... !
Thomas Eagan of the Twenty-eighth ;
District spoke at pome length abo-ut first ;
principles and the star chamber methods ,
'■ of the Committee of One Hundred, all of
■ which was enthusiastically received. John :
1 Barrett the orator of the evening, enter
i ;he club with platitudes for twenty
i minutes, when the meeting broke up.
F ree beer and sandwiches were served
! during the evening.
The list of delegates selected by th*>
; Thirty-second was read. [
Last Tuesday evening the Forty-fourth ;
I District Democratic Club met at Wash
ington-square Hall and the executive
committee, to which had been referred the
: matter of selecting delegates to be voted j
for at the approaching primary election,
a report.
The regular Democratic Club of the
] Thirty-first Assembly District met last
night'and nominated delegates to he voted
for at the primary election. The delegates
..-. pledged i" support municipal owner
ship of public utilities.
The Thirty-seventh Assembly District
cratic Club met last night and
adopted resolutions commending the ad
ministration of Mayor Phelan and other
Democratic officers. A delegate ticket
was Indorsed and the proposed delegates
were instructed to favor the reriomination
of Phelan.
A meeting of the T'nited Democracy
Club of the Forty-third Assembly Dis
trict was held last night in California Hall ,
on Bush and Powell streets. President J.
J. Fagin presided as chairman and J. W. :
; Shanahan acted as secretary. Thomas F.
Barry and T. Bweigfrt addressed the club
' on the objects of its organisation and the
responsibilities its members had assumed.
The New Charter Democratic Club of
the Forty-fourth Assembly District gave
i a high jinks at its new headquarters, cor
j ncr of Powell and Union streets, last
i night. Colonef Thomas F. Barry. H. Gut-
I t. L. D. Hacigalupi. A. A. Cavag
nafo and a number ot delegate* who as
pin to the municipal convention of their
I party delivered addresses. Many hundred
' were present.
The Forty-third Assembly District Re
publican League held a well-attended and ',
' enthusiastic meeting in California Hall
venlng. J. D. Hart presided, and F.
G. Robreehl acted as secretary. Addresses
: were delivered by J. G. Baynti, Dr. Post. |
1 Dawson Mayer, F. P. Shlbeley, J. D. Ker- ;
Bey, F. A. Bettes .and others. The league j
adjourned to meet in the same hall next j
. Friday evening.
A rousing meeting of the regular Demo- :
! cratic club of the Fortieth District was
last evening In Franklin Hall, on !
] Fillmore street. Bernard Bienenfeld pre- ;
: sided. The hall was completely filled, and I
good order and harmony prevailed. The j
i meeting was noteworthy for the enthusl- i
, asm displayed by the members. Speeches j
were fleuv^ed by Messrs. Hassett and .
Van Wyck and many other members. The •
• delegates to be voted on at the coming !
primary election were introduced and !
i made short addresses.
Four hundred enthusiastic Democrats
attended the regular meeting of the |
Thirty-fourth District club held in Har- [
i mony Hall. Mission and Erie streets, last ]
evening. William D. Hynes presided. A :
I resolution Indorsing the administrations
, of Mayor Phelan and Washington Dodge
i was unanimously adopted.
Delegate Tickete.
The several delegate tickets In each As
sembly District should be forwarded to
the Registrar of Voters as soon as com
pleted in order that the names of ihe
persons to be voted for may be printed in
ih> tally books and on the semi-ofHeial
return blanks.
In the Divorce Court.
Louis E. W.son has been granted a di
vorc< from Effie L. Wilson on the ground
of desertion. Decrees of divorce on the
f>f failure to provide have been
pranted Mary L. Ellsworth frnm Frank
K. Kllfworth and Elizabeth Lteretta from
George Berotta. Suits for divorce hay«
b< en filed by Elizabeth Berry against A.
J. Herry for failure to provide; Frederick
W Foley aeainst Marie Foley for intem
perance, and ' Irving C. Butler against
Mari'- Iconise Butler for desertion.
Liquor Men Install Officers.
The Retail Liquor DpaWs*' Association
met in K'n;ii IVrith Hall la^t night anrt in
stalled the following officers: President,
T. M. Ferguson; treasurer. James Sulli
vnn; srrsvnrit-at-arms. Alhert Widmer;
secretary, J. F. I). McDonald. J. K.
Taylor madr an elaborate speech in be
half of the retail lkjuor dealers.
Trunks moved, V>c: f relent .rstnuf erred. Sig
nal Transfer Co.. 530 Jones: tel. Sutter 44L
FRESH AND SALT MEATS i
lAS R IYFS £ Pft ■ Snl PP in S Butchers. 104
JA3 DiILJ tt l/U, t Clay. Tel. Main 12&4.
HARDWARE
PALACE Hardware Co.. Importers and Deal-
ers in hardware. 603 Market: tel. Main 752.
IRTN FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & Hedley. Props.
234 Fremont St. Castings ot Every ■ e-
scrlption Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
U/ll | AMFTTF PUI p AND PAPB cr
ff ILLAmLI It 722 Montgomery Str*»\.
PRINTING.
EC HIITHFS PRINTER.
■ V^- nU Kit iL.O-Bll.Sansome street.
THF ijiCKS-JUDD CD-. Printers. Book-
-1 IJC lllw&J- JLVJ W(l>. binders. 2X Mrst et.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telfpraphlcp PTRinCF 306 CaIU
Co<i»9. iTrtlV 1 IVIUUL. rornla st
WHiTti ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. -at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
1b the Best Coal in the Market.
- . Pfflc» and Yards— 46o Halo ftreet* j
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR^
ONLY FOl'R MORE NIGHTS OF
ROMEO
AND
JULIET,
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
SUPPORTED BY WHITE WHITTLESEY
AND THE ALCAZAR COMPANY.
, Ohrtmiele !>fty»: "The production was alto-
gether a sign of the times and stage develop-
! raenL"
OLR PRICES 25c, 35c. Ik
MONDAY NIQHTJ'THE LADY OF LYONS."
COLUMBIAJTHEATER.
HENRY MILLER
SEASON.
BEGI^NIING TO-.N GHT,
3 NIGHTS and SATURDAY M ATI NEK ONLY
HAMLET !
CHARLES FROHMAN'S SECOND GREAT
SHAKESPEAREAN REVIVAL.
HENRY MILLER AS HAMLET.
Next Monday— Ninth week HENRY MILLER.
The London Garrtek Theater Success,
" b re o ~r m r-: r* officers."
FEATS NOVST SELLING.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
ONLY ONE MORE PERFORMANCE.
TO-NIGHT LAST TIME OF
Bronson Howard's Greatest Comedy-Drama,
ONE OF OUR GIRLS.
MISS BLANCHE BATES
AND HER SUPERB COMPANY
Presented by T. DANIEL FRAWLEY.
PLEASE TAX: NOTICE!
Commencine with TO-MORROW (FRIDAY)
night, REVIVAL of the magnificent produc-
tion of
* 4 /V\/\DM/V\E Sf\NS GENE"
And for the rest of this week.
MONDAY, August 7, first production on any
stage of Clinton Stuart's fantastic comedy,
"Trie; HA'.RY GODVIOTHE*."
21— EUROPEAN AND AMERICAN STARS— 2I
IDALENE COTTON and NICK LONG,
In the Original Protean Comedietta, "Man-
•;.-■. agenal Troubles."
JOSEPH ADELMAN.
DAVE MEIER. •
HERR YON PALM.
LAURA JOYCE BELL AND • CO.
LA FALFALLA. mtjrrat
ELIZABETH MURRAY.
PHOITEB PANTOMIME. THE ELDRIDGES.
• Reserved peats. Z&c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and bnx seats 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
TELEPHONE-MAIN 532.
"HAVE YOU SEEN IT?"
"BKBT SHOW IN THE CITY!"
"BOCCACCIO!"
EMPHATICALLY "A CORKER."
EVERYTHING \ND NEW.
Orchestra ..Ssc and SOclFamily Circle l.">c
Dr*?s Circle 25c|Gallery 10c
At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat In
the Houae, 25c.
Branch Box Office — Main Entrance Emporium.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA SEASON!
BIGGEST BUSINESS ON RECORD.
PACKED TO THE DOORS NIGHTLY.
TO-NIGHT. : .
..."LUCIA"...
"LUCIA" Repeated Sunday Evening and Sat-
urday Matinee.
TO-MORROW
... /~\l M-J ...
IDA" Repeated Saturday Kvenin^.
GREAT LIST OF LYRIC ARTISTS.
Powerful Orchestra and Chorus.
Magnificent Costumes and Scenery.
POPULAR PRICES— 2S and 50 Cents.
■ Telephone Bush 9.
CBUTESJND ZOO:
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
NOW ON FREE EXHIBITION.
MISS JOHANNA FRISCO,
ORANG OUTANG!
TO-NIGHT—
AMATEUR NIGHT!
A HOST OF AMUSING FEATURES,
Concluding With a
Fat Ladies' Bicycle Race!
Reserved Seats hy Phone. Steiner iS.M.
SPEClAL— Saturday Night-CAKEWALK.
4*™T°l6 T »- v *
Choicest rRuiTS.WmES.VEGE-
-T-ABLES. Grains & Grasses
■p- OP (kUFORNIA'r__-|
A GTCVt S^OCVw SY\ONW.
y^u^ic/^ D\tertair\mer\t.
EXWBITSViANSPORTED fM
Excursion Rates To Visitors.
Write for I >ARTICUWRs .
HTftJ. SHIELDS B^ P^d E E h S t
JecR&TAH/. PRESIDENT
CONCERTS AND BESOBTS.
O Cl H a mmmm^ mmmm m
M-M Clltav Tboee who were ther.
n ' . s«y the Panorama Is •
/\v correct representation.
11 1 Lecturei by Prof W.
O. ROLLINS after-
A/l -_ __ 1 1 4^ noons - and eveninss-
Manila Market «t., nr. Eighth.
iiiuiuiu Admlirion/ He
O I Children, feo.
Bay I """"■
BUTRO BATHS.
r '.- : • OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHINO FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
When requested, the B-esorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information
regarding special advantages, rate«. manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
Region
With Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
C4MP//VC RETREATS
sweet drii:r CAMP. crag view CAMP I
THE celebrated tavern OF castle !
. CRAG.
j UPPER SODA SPRINGS. SHAFTA SPRINGS.
SHASTA RETREAT.
! SISSON. MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
McCLOUD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAJN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND |
* GRANDEUR.
LOW 'EXCURSION RATES.
For further Information, illustrated foldem.
etc., apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
PANY'S Ticket Office. 618 Market st. (Grand
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS
SONOMA COUNTY: ONLY 4H HOURS
from San Francisco and but S miles' stag-
I ing; waters noted for medicinal virtues; best J
: natural bath in State; swimming and boating;
I grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
| door; photographer's room, telephone, tele- ,
| craph. daily mall and express; FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning and ,
I afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
I Cisco only 15 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
| a. m or 3:10 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a '
I week References, any gue^t of the past four J
i years. Patronage constantly Increasing— last I
j year unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
../ETNA SPRINGS.,
. The balmy air and th,e waters,
with rest and bountiful fare, will
mak.e you feel as good as new.
Details and rates cheerfully furnished hy I
\V. L Mitchell, mgr.. Aetna Springs,. Napa
I Coanty, or .7. H. Simpson. Odd Fellows' Bldg..
! San Francisco. Telephone Mint IS?..">.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, b^W |
Up In this mountains near the lakes,
and In the heaTt of Lake County's min-
eral belt. Take train via L'kiah.
ROUND TRIP $9.30
J. Martens, prop.; city office. 418 Pine st.
Mark West Springs,
MO9T PICTURESQUE RESORT. VARIETY
of mineral springs. Soda, Sulphur, Magne-
! sia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath: swimming
! pool billiards, thuffleboard. croquet and other |
i games. Accommodations nr?t-cl«8s; table good; i
i J9 to $12 a week. Round trip. *3 75. Stage :
i meets morning tratns and Sat. eve. FRESE * :
i JUERGENSEN, Mark We«t Springs, Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office, 912 Larkln st. " |
HOTEL LYNDON, |
LOS G^TOS. |
JUST OPENED; NEW BUILDING: HAND-
some furniture: 50 outside rooms; every
I modern convenience: electric bells and lighting:
i.rrf«-ct sanitary plumbing. Strictly flr?t-cla.«s
family and commercial hotel. Comfort and con-
venience of guests first consideration. Cuisine
! and service unsurpassed. Commodious free
! tample room. LYMAN H TOLFREE. Propr. ,
HOTEL BELVEDERE
OPEN FOR THE SEASON APRIL t AM-
ple accommodations In Hotel; al«o In new
cottages, jost completed.
VWRS. f\. t. MOORF.
BELVEDERE.
HOTEL MODNT VIEW, i
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS j
VALLEY; now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH, j
Ross Valley, Marin County, Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. . UNE- !
qualed soda and niagne«:a springs: baths; |
furnished cottages. Terms. $10 to $12. Buy
through tlckeis. Send for circular. O. HOW-
ELL, Hopland. Cal.
DR. C. C. O'OONNELL'S
SANITARIUM AND MINERAL SPRINGS.
Glen Ellen, Sonoma County: also 20 com- '
pletely furnished 5-room. cottages: good boat- i
Ing, fishing and hunting: fine: summer resort !
and mineral wat»r for all diseases in America; j
camping ground and mineral water free. Apply ;
to Dr. C. C. O'Donn-1. \ntl\k Market St.. Ut. ;
Sixth and Seventh. San Francisco.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES; SALUBRTOUS
climate: picturesque scenery; mountain j
| walks; pure rprlng water; beautiful drives; )
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad- ,
: vantag"* for those who need to obtain comfort,
ret-t and health culture in a short time. Address i
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Col I
PL«XTf>T!ON MO* fHtz..
EIGHTEEN MILES FR< >M CAZADKKO, ON"
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, :
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
T LUTTRINGER, Seavlew, Sonoma County,
or apply E. KKUSE, 207 Front St.. S. F., for j
particulars.
SUNNYSIDE Frtß/n.
NEAR BOHEMIAN GROVE AND RUS- .
slan 'River, 2Vi miles from GuerneviUe.
Plenty of Fishing and Hunting. An Ideal
Mountain Resort. Terms, $7 per week; chil-
dren under 12 years, half price.
SAMUEL TOMBLINSON. Guernevllle, Cal.
BAMU L SCDA SPRIINGS.
JR. MORRIS. PROP.. NAPA COUNTT.
• Cal Sure cure for .dyspepsia. Indigestion, ;
rhe'imatlsm and a constlpHtion; hot mineral !
baths. ' These springs are located In Napa ]
County. 20 miles east of St. Helena. The water I
Is bottled at the springs and contains Its own i
natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena. j
" BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THF. |
Trucket River; pleasant sunny rooms; good :
boating on lake: boats free to guests; prices .
reasonable. $S to $10 per week; special rates for
lamilleß. W. J. McDONALD. Manager.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS. i
TWO TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m.; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
ißeswlck, Slsklyou County, Cal.) '
FINEST FISHING AND HEALTH RESORT
on the coast. Climate perfect. For parti-
culars apply to EPSON BROS.. Proprietors.
BLUE LAKES MOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET.
homellJ:e manner, with one of the best
tables In the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round i
trlD $9 60. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
«uS«, AddriH J. . .WUUJO2*. £ertb*» I«k» j
.Cctinty, C»lt I
Interesting
..Paso Robles..
Many points of Interest
near Paso Robles. Beau-
tiful drives over mountain
and valley to places of re-
nown. The mud and min-
eral baths of Paso Robles
are world famous. Our
little book tells about
them. Write for It.
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.,
Paso Robles.
City Office. 636 Market st.
j
p B MOUNT HAMILTON ij
W J* Bn(1 * he Great Lick Ob- i.fi
i-W-ii eervatory the visitor sees *M
P *-^ "*i ■ the stars ai?W~ earth as v
the ptars aiDk- earth as
SMI they can be Been from no _JX
3,? other point. Hotel Yen- \ |
Wj' dome is starting and stop- •j |
m% P' n S place for all Mount ' S
S■ ; Hamilton visitors. Our llt- :
M: : tie book tells the story of i
i me-- a trip to Lick. Write for 9
j|l GEO. P. SNELL. Mgr.. ; : 1
< p j San Jose. H |
RinilAn HOT SPRINGS. - This
UflUfllVll bfautlful summer and
HflfllulJ wlnt «r resort. now
I nilnlVV cwned and managed by
! DR J PERRAULT, who as resident ph»l-
-1 cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare j
< of hip guests, whether sick or well, is situated |
i 150 miles south of San Francisco, In the Coast |
• Ranr Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and fre« from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths: delightful grounds;
! comfortable hotel: annex and cottages: good
; hunting and fishing: grand scenery; lovely i
1 walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
| cupying entire cottages, or Invalids or others i
! remaining more than one month. Trains dally
I from Third and Townpend st. depot, 9 a. m.
I (Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
I Ftape to Paralso.) Round trip. $S. For further
j information address J. PERRAULT, M.D., Pa-
, raiso Spring*, or city office. 336 Sutter St., S. F.
BYRON
HOT SPRINGS
Have the only known remedy
f^r Rheumatism — the" Hot
M|n»r*l R 1h c . Address inquiries to ;
A. BETTENS,Mgr.,at the Springs, or LOM- ;
BARD & CO room 30. 22^A Geary St., agents. :
— »^ __ _ _ __ _^_^_ _ .^_ _ _
____^ I
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
R ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paralso Springs). Prop, and Manager.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES HAVE
been thoroughly renovated— new furniture,
i beds, carpets, etc. The Table the best the mar-
I ket affords. The Baths refitted and improved—
i competent attendants and masseurs. Grounds
! and walks beaattfled. Fine hunting and fish-
ing. Trains leave Third and Townsend »t*., S.
F.. at '.' a. m. and 2*45 p. m. Carriages at Gil-
roy for the Springs.
For Illustrated pamphlets and special rates j
i by months and for families address R. ROB- j
I ERTSON, Qllroy Hot Springs, Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
THIS DELIGHTFUL WATERING PLACE '
i« located In the midst of the Coast Range. I
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold '
; flange baths, large swimming tank of mineral ;
! water fine stone dining room; telephone con- ;
n*ctions. electric lights, livery accommodation; |
■ good trout fishing and hunting. ; Round trip
I tickets at Southern Pacific offices. |l 0: i
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
' Sulphur Creek. Colusa ■ County. Cal. 26 miles j
! Tvect of Williams and 22 miles east of Lower '
Lake. Stages leave "Williams for the Springs. |
Will cure rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
any skin disease, neuralrta, liver complaint, .
| pararysls, dyspepsia, mercury in the system, ;
! kidney complaint and catarrh. Also natural i
mud baths. Temperature of springs. H5 degs !
I New 2-story hotel and fine new bath-house j
! Board and lodging. Including haths. $9 and $10
per week. WM. OELGART. Proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Viiit This Stunmer
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FISH-
Ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
j ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six- '
I teen miles from Truckee, in the heart of the ,
! Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of '
i an unbroken forest. The" ideal spot for families
' because it Is clean, no poison oak. no pests. I
And pure air and pure water. Address MRS
H M. CLEMONS. Independence Lake.
LAUREL DEL
. LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE. SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT: j
ncne better In Lake Co.; gas Indoors and i
| out. H. WAMBOLD.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY-A MOST DELIGHTFUL
summer home. Every modern convenience
j In and out door sports. Forty-fjve minutes from j
i San Francit-co Table under personal care of
MRS. M. MEHRY. Proprietor.
HOTEL EL MONTE.
LOS GATOS. CAL.— STRICTLY FIRST
class; renovated throughout; lovely »ur-
roundings: new management. JOHN NEVILL,
Proprietor. ■ • . ■■■■--. :-
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
in the midst of th<» Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder, SlOO feet. Large lake, boating, swim- I
ming, bunting, fishing. Terms, $6 lo $10 per
; week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERG
RESORT. Oakvllle. Napa County. Cal. ■
VTI^FIVHTTF San Francisco to Chi-
I UoLITii I JL»» nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsden & Co.'s, coaches 60 miles
to Yosemlte Valley.' Round trip $32. Stngl*
fare, lr. either direction, |16. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent. 19 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORT gT3££
Ing spot, rest, health; perfect atmosphere: train
Jo Jtfarttnez, staso to hotel. Offloe. 630 Market. J
SANTA CATALINA
ISLAND.
tH Hour*' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catalina'B woa«
derful attractions. World's records for rod
and r?e! anglin*. Fishing tournament May I
to Sept. 1. auspices Tuna Club. Sixth aeasoa
of our famous Marine Band.
The' Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Kfflcient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St.,
Los Angeles. Cal.. or call on THOMAS COOK
& SONB. Agents. «21 Market St.. San Fran-
cisco. '
♦ O+O-O-00-a-O+O-* + ♦
I Take advantage j
O Of the Round-Trip • O
- t Tickets to ♦
o. • o
I Hotel del Coronado. S
o o
*. Now only $60 by steamer, in- ♦
♦ eluding 15 clays' board at hotel ; ♦
? if longer, $2.50 a day. • ?
° Apply 4 New Montgomery st, °
o San Francisco. " oi
♦ ■ ♦c^o^o^o-I
rtDICDiTt Most beautiful spot In Lake
wAKLjDAU County. The mineral springs
are famous for marvelous cures when all els»
failed esp*cially In stomach, .liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$J0 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer huntJn*. Write W. R. McGOVERN.
Carlsbad. Lake County. ■
A FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on a'
fruit farm 2 miles from Calistoga and rail-
road station; beautiful shade; home cooking:
good rooms: J6 per week and up. Address
MRS. S. SMITH. Calistoga. Napa Co., Cal.
MANZiANITA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or 4
rooms with board; good accommodations at
Manznnlta Villa.
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THB CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "Th 3 Call" visiting: ttn
country, seaside or springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" senttothem
: for a week or longer by prepaying for sam)
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
...TERMS...
15 Cents per Week
65 Cents per Month
rOSTAGE PREPAID.
THE WEEKLY CALL.
of It Publishes the Cream c# fh«
Tl News of the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<J ORiGINAL FEATURES.
°< IT IS THB BEST WEEKLY
-J PAPER ON TMB
"j PACIFIC COAST
o) V /"
"j The Best X / Mining
°> Telegraphic \/ News That
©< Service oo /\ Is Accurate
©< TheCoast^/ \^«iptodat»
9\ — —
o% Not a Line of It Sensa tlontl
fJ or Haky, and Not a Line of
Tj it Dry or Uninterestlnju
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Year
oo o oo oooooooopooo
£*»" PALACE *•'■"?
ZGRAND hotels o
jl BAN FRANCISCO. q
° Connected by a cover-1 passageway.
! O 1400 Room*— wi h Bath Attached. *»
O . All Under One Management. O
O MOTE THE PRICIP: O
O Plan.* 1.00 per day and upward O
X American Plan.s3.oO per day and upwar4 Q
O Correspondence Solicited., **
O JOHN 0. EiaZFATRICK. Kuifit. O
000000000000000000
• I* if ULPfc-T^ j. tf Big fi Is a non-poisonotti
a *GE2M remedy for Oonorrhoe*.
*Jf££STGVllZb^Bm Gleet. Spermatorrbcea,
i«arinltoi<J»T«^ Whites, unnatnral di»>
Emaß OurutKd H rhargei«. or ony inf.amm*-
mKW noi to Mrfctmra. tioa, irritation or ulcera-
th '■nniir- oeat«glon. tlon of cons mem-
JKITHEEv>MB OHEMm«ICa ane !- Non^trin.fenU
Vg^CmCINN«TI.Q OB *° ld " 7 *"•"'"*'
oBBk r, ~ . sent in plain wrapper.
l^^ 11 ' ■ V^fJ liy express, prepaid, fo«
A Jm^^^^osm |/.OU. or 8 bottla*. $8.74.
v V^tJaqgEyv-' ■ Urcai*r Mat ca neosst
y<!!s^ | DEWEY.STRONG&CO.^ffV
PJPATENTSIJ
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THB MARKETS.
Sliver waller. ■ • ■
Wheat flrmer and Barley lower.
Oats steady, with light receipts.
C n and Rye. dull.
Arrivals of Hay diminishing.
Rolled Barley lower.
Bran and Middlings Unchanged.
Gram Bags continue to advance.
Potatoes steady. Onions firm.
Poultry continues nuiet.
Dairy Butter steadier; Creairfery wnchanged.
Cheese firm. Eggs steadier.
Peaohee doing better.
Bartlett Pears steady.
Dried fruits slowly hardening.
Provisions unchanged.
Meax market the same.
Sterling Exchange easier.
OTR COMMERCIAL STATUS. /
The New York circular of Henry Clews
■•The general business situation Is highly
promisintf. Near all the principal indus
tries ar» actively employed, and the iron trade
is experiencing a boom beyond all precedent.
An Ktraordlnary fact is the comparative ab
sence of speculation. Our mills ar- crowded
with orders for goods that are wanted -for
actual consumption; and for once in history
at least the speculator hns failed to anticipate
future wants. Another striking feature la the
uniform belief that we are to have one or
two years of prosperity like the present with
l-.ttle interruption. The world, and- especially
tne United States, •> recovering several years
of retarded growth with a rush. In about a
year, 1 iwever, production will have partlallv
caught up w:th consumption, and we may
then expect lomi abatement of activity. The
numerous advau in wages and the starting
of new enterprises will suffice to carry us
along foi a ionslderable period. Crop proe
pects p.re not unfavorable. There Is every
livelihood of our having an average amount
of wheat for home and foreign consumption,
with prospects of a good demand on the lat
ter account Corn promises well. Railroad
earnings show very handsome gains. The
Planters r.re carrying enormous quantities
oi s-air.. aj-.rt the great revival in industrial
a-ul commercial activity materially swells
th°ir revenue. The political future contains
n-.anv perplexing questions, but they are not
of the sort that will seriously affect business.
."EiUtbound ments this week were 12'VK)i
tons as against 47,000 tons for the correspond
ing V-'-ek nf last year. This is what is back
ing the stock market, as it is a most poten
tial legitima:e factor on the bull side; it n
this kind o' prosperity which makes the vo
cation of the bears >n railroad shares an un
table occupation at the present time."
AVEATHER REPORT.
O20:h Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 2. 5 p. m.
The follc wing maximum temperatures were
reported fn;m stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60; San Dteg-o 70
Fresno lrO Sacramento M
Los Angfle? 78 Indep«ndence 92
lied Bluff Yun-.a 1'-
San Luis Obispo 7S ,
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
M; minimum. c-4. mean. 59. '
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
'irnoraliy cloudy and threatening weather
prevails over the Rocky Mountain region, Arl
zona and the eastern portion of Southern Cali
fornia- elsewhere it Is generally fair on the
I'acinc Elope. Light Bhowera and thunder-
B t m b have occurred during the day in Utah
anil Arizona.
The pressure has risen slightly over the
Rocky .Mountain region and remained nearly
stationary in all other district*.
The temperature has risen slightly over Ore
gon and ishington and fallen generally el3e
where on the Pacific Coast.
Conditions are favorable for ehowers and
thunderstorms in Utah. Arizona and the moun
tains of Southern California to-night and
Thursday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 3. 1599:
N irthern California— Fair Thursday, except
cloudy along the coast; fresh west wind.
Southern California — Generally cloudy Thurs
day, with showers and thunderstorms in the
mountains of the east portion; fresh west u-ind.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Cloudy Thursday, with showers and
thunderstorms in the south portion; warmer in
irth portion.
Arizona— with shower* and thunder-
Btorms Thursday; warmer in east portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Generally cloudy
Thursday; fresh west wind.
S. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— To-day's stock market, j
like that of yesterday, had a period of strength \
In the morning which gave way before the day j
was over. The depression was due to the con- j
tinued prospect of hard money. The early
strength had its Inception In the disposition j
if London to -buy American stocks notwith- ;
standing the marking up. of the money rate
there. The demand from London was especially j
marked for Atchison preferred, Louisville and
Nashville and Northern Pacific. London sold
Anaconda Copper and there was a smart up
ivard movement In some of the specialties.
Early in the day Sugar wer.t up 2> 4 . Reports
Of the extraordinary earnings In the iron and
steel Industry gave a firm tone to that group
of stocks and .Tennessee Coal had the addi
tional benefit of a report that valuable prop
erty was about to be acquired and that claims
of preferred stockholders were In process of
adjustment. The stock in consequence rose
354. The trunk lines were favorably ' affected
by the going into effec/t of the higher freight I
rates on grain to the seaboard. The Tobacco
storks, the local traction shares, General Elec
tric, Cotton Oil, People'S Gas and a few others
<aine.| from individual causes. The general
appearance of Btrength thus imparted to the |
market prompted some covering by the shorts j
who sold yesterday, thus helping on the ad- 1
vance. The higher prices brought out realiz- J
ing sales and there was a sharp break in Sugar
and Brooklyn Transit, the latter dropping 2' 2
from the best. Lackawanna suddenly fell
away 32 points on rumors of a projected strike.
The grangers were weak on bad crop news.
The closing was dull and heavy, generally be
low last night's closing. The apprehension
ver th< money outlook was caused by the ad
vance of discount rates in London to a point i
above the Bank of England's rate. The fall |
in consols was evidence that the Bank of
England waa again borrowing from the mar- |
ket to repel the demana for gold made probable
by the recent downward course of sterling ex
change In New York. There waa not enough !
doing in sterling exchange here to-day to re
flect the influenre of this move, but the ster- i
ling exchange rate at Berlin, wherice London
continued to draw gold, rose 2 pfennigs. The
bulk of call loans In New York were mad.; ;
fn-<]ay at 4 per cent and lenders showed them
selves Indisposed to renew time loans at cur
rent rate 6. Prime commercial paper rates
ruled from 4 to i per cent. Outside banks |
<-ont!nuer! to draw on their deposits in New
York banks Tor the purpose of making loane In !
this market. There has been some outgo of j
funds from this tenter to Montreal on account j
rif stringency there.
There was activity and strength by the Kan- '
ms City, Pittsburg and Gulf firsts. Otherwise
the bond market was irregular. Total sales,
$2,009,500.
United States T.s declined '* in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares . . ' Closing
Sold. Stocks— Rla.
4,: i;. At'-hison 20%
2fc,'JSs Atchison prefd 63%
200 Baltimore & <">hin 4?
; Canadian Pa<ifie 97 !
100 Canada Southern 54
--1.000 Central Pacific r.4-4
2.isi~> Chesapeake .v Ohio ' 27-S I
4. M0 Chicago Great Western u\ 1
10.220 Chicago.- Burlington & Quincy 137%
►00 Chicago, li. & Louisville 10
Chicago. Ind & I>ouisville pr»f4.... 41
Chicago & Eastern Illinois . 76V4
910 Chicago <S- Northwestern 161
CSV"' Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 119% I
0.-.0 C C C & St Louie 57V4 !
1. !'.-/> Colorado Southern i 51^ i
l.SOfi Colorado - uthern Ist prefd 48
\.3£> Ooloraiio Southern 2d prefd 18
3.050 Delaware & Hudson J23% \
4,<>s>o Delaware, I><ick <t W. stern 17s
?.i0 Denver & Rio Grande 21% j
200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 75*4
. Erie 13%
• M Erie Ist prefd 3T'/4
fJrea( Northern prefd 167 j
275 Hockiifg Coal 14VJ
Hocking Valley 231.4
39p Illinois Central 115
100 lowa Central 12' i
515 lowa Central prefd 52
l.il'iO Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gulf 8
4(0 Lake Erie & Western 21
1.000 Lake Erie & Western prefd 80
I.ak> Shoro 20H
:!.:.&.-> Louisville & Nashville T4'i
1C.490 Manhattan L < 118%
1.210 Metropolitan Street Railway 212
1,420 Mexican entral : 14%
I'JO Minneapolis •» St Louis, f,B' 2
310 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd S|U
9,2j0 Missouri Pacific 48?*
Mobile & Ohio : 44
COO Missouri. Kansas A- Tesa* 12
I.OCI Missouri.- Kansas & T«xas prefd 3S'-*
3.485 New .Terser Central 317« i
S.i*ss. New York Centra] ; 139%
2.450 Norfolk -& We«tern 21%
3.K50 Norfolk &-Western prefd. H%
7,600 Northern Pacific 52%
1.800 Northern Pariflc prefd 78
2,010 Ontario & Wr-«tern 26%
Oregon Railway & Nay 40
' Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 7o'i
20,360 Pennsylvania 136";
680 Reading 21U
4.320 Jleadlng Ist prefd "... 61V4
COO Reading 2d prefd ' 33%
. Rio Grande Western »30
Ivlo Grande Western prefd T8 ■
1.620 St Louis & San Francisco » 11%
St Louis & San Francisco Ist prefd. 71 :
' 800 St Louis &-San Franolsco 2d prefd. 38%
8.650 St Louis Southwestern.. i.......'. 1714
14.650 St Louis Sonuthwoetem prefd .;.. 39*»
. 10,650 St Paul ...., ..r... .132?4
1....... St. Paul prefd 174
200 St Paul & Omaha IDS
25,586 Southern Pacific .*..... 34%.
. 1.000 Southern Railway — 11% i
l,6»0 Southern Railway prefd.. 52%
.500 Texas & Pacific 224
, 9,050 Union Pacific 44% 1
| 5.124 I'nion Pacific prefd 77'g I
j Wabash 7 S !
1.710 Wabash prefd ' 23 |
400 "U heeling & Lake Erie 9%
229 W'heelinK & Lake Erie 2d prefd 23 »
600 Wisconsin Central J5Vi
Express Companies —
A<lams 112% i
\. American ; 138
United States 50
I Wells Fargo 126
Miscellaneous-
I 7,460 American Cotton 0i1..:.- 43* : "
i American Cotton Oil prefd 93Vi i
I 200 American- Malting 17
400 American Malting prefd/ 69
1.036 American Smelting & R 3S 1 -;
•400 American Smelting <t R prefd.. £3% '
American Spirits Si |
American Spirits prefd 22
3.200 American Steel Hoop 35
1.050. American Steel Hoop prefd '.:78%
I 11.820 American Steel &- Wire 59%
800 American Steel & Wire prefd 97% '
3.390 American Tin Plate 42--. |
100 American Tin Pliate rrefd 87V4 i
54,150 American Tobacco 109%
i. American Tobacco prefrl 14'"'
3.020 Anaconda Mining: Co 53 i
37.73S Brooklyn Rapid Transit... 115'j, '
7.550 Colorado Fuel fi Iron 47%
10.2'i0 Continental Tobacco 44
5,060 C ntlnental Tobacco prefd S9
2,560 Federal Steel ■":■'♦
26? Feleral Steel prefd 75%
600 General Klectrlc 124
1,630 Glucose Sugar *7%
Glucose Sugar prefd 10S
1.000 International Paper 42 7 V
i 1,021 International Paper prefd 7i>V
I 125 Laclede Gas 56H
33! National Biscuit 46% i
' ■ National Biscu'.t prefd 101
720 National Lead 31
National Lead prvfd 112
i 1.410 National St-el 53%
! I.|*>3 National Steel prefd 94% |
• *2f. New York Air Brake 19;.
1 • 9, P00 North American .'. 12 ; *
i Paclflc Coast 3S
, Pacific Coast Ist pref.l S4
! Pacific Cowt 2d prefd E5
I 1.425 Pacific Mail 4SU
, 15.720 People's Gas 120S
1.060 Pressed SteH Car 68
Pressed Steel Car prefd 88% !
Pullman Palace Car 15S !
I 1.400 Standard Rope & Twine SU
1 45,220 Sugar i 1«2%
! 195 Sugar, prefd 11SU
I '11.565 Tennessee Coal Iron 76% }
! . l"n':->n States Leather 5%
| SOG United States leather prefd 7r- X |
i 220 United States Rubber 50
! Cnit^d States Rubber prefd 115H 1
: 325 Western Union ; 89%
(SO 950 shares sold.
CLOSING BONP3.
U S 2 S res: 100% M X & T 2.1s 66%
Do 2s res '.108*4| Do 4s 83»4 i
I Do 3s coup 108% N V Cent lsts 112
Do new 4s reg 123 IN .T Cent gen 05..!21 I i
Do ew 4s c0up. .129 No Carolina 6s 127% |
Do Id 4s reg 112>4i Do 4s 104 j
Do o!d 4s c0up. ..113 No Pacific lsts.. 113 1
Do 5s reg: lll^i Do 3s 67' i |
Do 5s coup 11l IV. 4s i>'3 |
D!st of Columbia N V C & St I. 45. ..107*;
! 3.655, ex-int 117 Nor & W con 45... 96% !
| Alabama class A.. 110 Do r -n 6e 135 1
Do class 8... 110 Oregon Nay 15t5. ..112
Do class C 104 Do 4s 101%
Do Currency 100 Oregon SL 65 132 I
Atchison gen 45....102 Do. n 5s 112% I
Do adj 4s 86% Reading gen 45.... 88% 1
Canada So 2da 11l Rio G West lsts... 98% !
Ches & Ohio 4%5..119 St L & I M con 55.114>4
Do 5s 119 St L& S F gen 65. 124 j
Chi & N W con 75.143»4 St Paul con 170% !
Do S. F deb 55....!22' St PCi P 15t?.... !
i Chicago Term 45... 99% Do 5s 122 !
Den & R!o G 15t5..106 ,Sn Railway 5s 107% !
Do 4s 99% Stand «R & T 65... 84 I
.E T V & G 15t5. ..103 Term new set 35... 9514 !
i Erie gen 4s 72% Tex & Pac lsts 115' i !
FW& D C lsts... 78% Do 2ds 65% I
I Gen Electric 55....11H Union Pacific 45...105"i
GH & S A6s 110% Wabaoh lsts IIS ;
Do 2ds 11l Do 2ds 100%
H4TC 5« 110% West Shore 4? 115 i
Do eon 6s 110% Wis Cent lsts 77 I
lowa Cent lsts 11"> Va Centuries v "- i j
, X C P & G lst»... 63 1 Do Deferred a
ILa new con 4s 106 Colo Southern 45.. 57%
I> & N unified 45... 10-0
MINING STOCKS.
Choliar 23|Ontario 6 7.
Crown Point 22 Ophlr 110
i Con Cal & Va 2 10 Plymouth 10 !
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 190 j
Gould & Curry 401 Do preferred S .'0 j
! Hale & Norcross... 3fllSierra Nevada • 62 j
I Homestake 65 00 Standard 25 i
Iron Silver 51 Union Con 34
Mexican 55 Yellow Jacket 33 ;
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
i Money— Union Paclflc 44%
Call loans 3%<34i; ; Union Land S
! rime loans 4 @5 West End ......... 94 1
! Stocks— I I>■ preferred 115
1 Atch T &-St Fe... 21 AVestlnghs Elec... 49% I
: Do preferred 63V: Wisconsin Central. 13 I
! Amer Sugar 162% ! Mining Shares-
Do preferred llh^i Adventure- 9% I
! Bell Telephone 350 Allouez Mm C 0.... 7'_. I
Boston & Albany. .26l Atlantic 31 '-2 1
Boston Elevated. ..lo7Vi Boston & M0nt.. ..35*.
Boston «Sr Maine. ..2o] . Uutte & Boston... 78
Chi Bur & Q 137% Calumet & Hecla..Bio
: Ed Elec 111 205 tennial 334 I
■ Fitchburg prefd.. .llS Franklin 20
General Elec 124 Humboldt 2
Do preferred 141% Osceola ...■ 89
Federal Steel .'V-4 Parrot 52
Do preferred 81% Quincy 161
Mexican Central... 14 r ;i Santa Fe Copper.. 13>i I
Michigan Tel 97% Tamarack 222
Old Colony 205 Winona 12' .
Old Dominion ''''2 Wolverines 47 |
Rubber .',O Utah 43
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET,
NEW YORK. Aug. Wall-street close:
Money on call steady, 3Vi?i4 per cent; last loan.
4; prime mercantile paper, 4@5 per cent; ster
ling exchange heavy, with actual business in \
bankers' bills at J4 t <(tA S6H for demand an.l
at J4 83 for 60 days; posted rates, $4 S4fi I 84%
and $1 87V<?4 KS; commercial bills, $4 82%; sil
ver certificates, BO'/j^lc; bar silver. t;' i; 4 <'; Mex
ican dollars, 48c; Government bonds, easy;
State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds, Irregu
lar.
CASH IN' THE TREASURY. .
WASHINGTON. Aug. 2.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $-74. iW, gold reserve,
$245,988,355.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Auk. 2.— The Commercial Ad-
I vertiscrs London financial cablegram says: The
' market." here werp quiet and dull to-day. Busl
> ness centered in West Australians. Americans
I opened lower on the fresh yellow""fever re
ports stopping business in them. Norfolk and
■ Western hardened later on the report that its
earnings art sufficient to pay the dividend
twice over. The others responded and the close
; -was Rood, changes being Irregular and gener
ally unimportant. The bank did a small loan
, business, but a large discount business to-day.
It bought £186.000 gold in bars and £10.000
came in from Vienna. The net Influx for the
■ week has been £844,000.
CLOSING. |
LONDON" Aug. 2.— Northern Pacific prefer- i
i red, 80%: Canadian Pacific, imi, ; Union Pa- |
! clfic preferred, SO/i: Atchlson, 21",; Anaconda, :
! DVi; bar silver uncertain, 27% d; money, 2V4 '
; per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2. -FLOUR— Receipts, 15.
--048 barrels; exports, i^.r.TS barrels. Quiet, birt
steady: held at old price".
WHEAT— Receipts. 39,777 bushels; exports.
68,086 bushels.' Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 7fiVi<\ f.
o. b. afloat: ' No. 1 hard Puluth, Ro%c, f. o. b.
afloat, to arrive; No. 2. red, 74% c elevator. Op
i tion» opened steadier, at %c advance on higher
' cables and haUstorms In the Northwest. Bub
j sequent Ormneas And a sharp afternoon advance ■
I were attributed to reduced European crop esti
! mates, nervousness among shorts, Northwest
and foreign buying and continued crop-damage
news; closed firm, at %c to %c. n»-t advance.
September, 74 7-1(078 3-16 c. closed 75Vic; De
cember. 76 11-16@77%c, closed 77*jc.
WOOL—
HOPS-Steady.
HIDES—
METALS— The market for metals. In a gen
i eral way. shown an easier feeling. The price
I of tin further declined to-day, following, a dis
j position to liquidate, considered to be natural
after the recent erratic advance, while advices
t from without failed to give support. Pig Iron
j warrants also declined and closed dull, while
Lake copper was unchanged; lead and spelter
also unchanged in price. The Metal Exchange
' quotes:
PIG IRON-Warrants.' $15@$l. r , 50.
LAKE COPPER 50.
TIN- -s3l 50832 25.
LEAD— I 4 55@4 57V£.
SPELTER— 6c.
The brokers' price for lead is J4 35 and cop
\ per 118 50. . .
COFFEE — Options closed steady, unchanged,
to five points lower. Sales, 20,500 bags,- In
j eluding: . August. .4. 30<{?4. 35c September, 4.35 c;
October. 4.40 c; November. 4.45 c; December,
! 4.80 c; February. 4.90"; March, oc; May, 5.10 c.
Spot coffee— Rio, dull; mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, strong and held higher; re
fined, iteady.
BIITTTER— ">4l packages; steady.
■Western creamery, 15@18c; fresh factory. 11 "t
14c: factory. 14014Vic ■ .
EGGS— Receipts; 5462 packages; irregular., I
I Weetern regular packing, 10913 c. ; I
J CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
I NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— California dried fruits,
j quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 6H@'7^c;
prime wire tray, BVi<B>SVic; choice, t%&tc; fancy
9H©9V4c. •
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— Royal. 14c: Moorpark, 14@18c.
• PEACHES— UnDeeIea. ll@ll%c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— Wheat wai firm at the
opening, although Interest • In the market
showed but little Increase. Damaging rain
and hall storms were reported all over the
Northwest, the area - affected being placed as
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1899.
high as 600,000 acres, while complaint* of
drought also came from pome sections of the
Wheat belt. Northwest receipts continued to
fall off and the proportion of new Wheat ar
rivals was much smaller, than a year ago.
Liverpool showed some advance due to un
favorable weather In England and in parts
o'. the Continent. September opened %@?4c ;
higher at 69%@69%c, with some demand from
shorts. The market eased oft shortly after
ward to 69^i@«9%c. . but soon became strong
again under a continued moderate demand, ad
vancing to 69»i@69%c. -Reported absence of
cash demand caused p.rlces to waver for a
time. Closing cables were higher. The market
became active and advanced steadily to the
close. A feature of the news was the estimate |
01 a crop expert putting the spring Wheat
yield at 239,000,000 bushels, or 36,000,000 bushels
less than previous estimates. September ad
vanced to 70c and closed firm -at 6& 7^@7oc.
Corn was strong and closed" at top prices.
The weather was favorable and receipts were
•larger than last year, but clearances were
large and the cash demand was good. Septem
ber gained %c.
Oats were linn and higher in sympathy with
Wheat and Corn. September closed %c higher.
Provisions were fairly active and Irregular.
The ' market after a steady opening broke
sharply on rumors of further outbreaks of yel
low fever. The reports were denied and later
the market steadied with the grain markets,
but did not show much strength at any time.
Demand for lard was good, but slow for
Wheat. At the close September pork and lard
were 2'-je higher and ribs 5c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 6SH 70. 69',; 70
December 71*, 72 71% 72
May 74»» 74% 74^ 74%
Corn No 2 —
September 30»i 301.4 30 30%
December 2SH 29 25% 29
May 25% SO 29^4 30
Oats No. 2—
September 1«H IP% » 19? »
December 19% 10% IS 1 19%
May 21% 21% 21 21%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
September 830 835 8 17% 535
October S 32% 8 37% 820 S 37%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September 5 27% 6 27% 620 6 27%
October 530 5 32% 525 6 32%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 4 92% 495 485 495
October. ....' .-. 495 500 4 87% 500
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour easy; No. 3 spring wheat, '66%®65c; No.
2 red 71c: No. 2 corn 31@31%c: No. 1 oats, 2f*®
21',;c; No 3 white. 22@25%c; No. 2 rye, 52% c;
No. 2 barley. 33^36c; No. 1 flaxseed. 97c; prime
timothy seed, $2 15; mess pork, per barrel. $7 60
QS 30: lard, per 100 pounds, $5 10@5 22%; short
rib sides, loose. $4 8005 15: dry salted shoulders.
boxed. 6%®5%c; short clear sides, boxed, $5 20®
■ 25; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal
lon, $1 26. ' ;
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 22,000 18.000
Wheat, bushels SO.OOfI 26,000
Corn bushels 673,000 273.000
Oats.' bushels 745.000 367.0)0
Rye. bushels 4.000 18,000
Barley, 'bushels 19,000 80,000
' On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries. 13%@17%c;- dairy,
120f15%c. Cheese, firm, 9<59%c. Eggs, steady; |
fresh, U%@'l2c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— ' Sept. Dec. I
Opening 5 8% 5 f^s
Closing 6 S% 6 10%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb. i
Opening 19 65 20 40
Closing .-...19 65 20 50
Flour-
Opening 43 00 27 60
Closing 43 15 27 G5 ,
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— Receipts of cattle were
large to-day and some early sales were at
reductions. Later the market was firm, the ;
demand being good all day. Good to fancy j
cattle sold at $5 20@5 90; commoner grades,' i
$4 3.'@5 20; stoekers and feeders, $3 25@4 80;
bulls, cows and heifers. $2 25^5 25; Texas <
steers, *3 50<i?5 30; calves. $3 7.Vgt> 85.
Hog prices were irregular. Really good
brought •'<■ more than yesterday, but common
were unchanged. Heavy hogs, $3 B,V<j 4 50;
mixed lots, $4 15&4 55; light, $4 35@4 till; pigs,
%Z 6O^f4 55; culls. $2 26®4.
Liberal receipts of sheep and lambs caused |
a sluggish market and many lambs went at 1
reductions of loc. Sheep sold. at $4 7.V« 5 20 for
good lots and |225@450 for commoner grade*;
fancy lambs sold at $8 60@6 sr., good at $ti and
ordinary lambs at S3 50@6 75. ,
Receipts— 17,600; hogs, 23,000; sheep,
14,000,
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Aug. The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
Although the train of the Wool market is
quieter the volume of business holds up very j
•well, the transactions of the past week ag
gregating over six million pounds. This vol
ume or" trade has been accomplished without
any special effort being made on the part of j
the holder* of Wool to push trade or to make |
any concessions in values. A larger business
could have been <l"n>_- If the trade had been
willing to concede slightly. but holders of
Wool w.ere very firm and built hopes on the
goods niark't. The excitement In the country
is over. The .tool has passed from farmers'
hands and the trade is busy In handling and ,
shipping • Wools which have been sold during j
the past few weeks. ;
The sales of the week in Boston amounted to
--„,,.„ domestic and 543.000 pounds foreign, I
making a total of 6,439,000, against a total of j
7.271.000 for the previous week and a total of i
2 4. '4 700 for the corresponding week last year. 1
Bales since January 1. 1899, amount to 163,486,
--000 pounds, against 68.488,510 pounds last year !
at this time.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALE 3.
CHICAGO, Aug. -California fruit sold to- j
day: Fontalnbleu Grapes averaged $1 69; j
Bartlett Pears, *l 45 to $1 75, averaged $1 74,
half boxes 62c j Plums, Columbia, averaged
$135; Coes Golden Drop, averaged JI6.V. Yellow
Egg. $1 10 to Jl 29, averaged $1 17; German
Prunes, averaged Jl 24; Gros. 8136; Tragedy,
Jl 20 to Jl 70, averaged Jl "7.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Aug. 2.— Consols. mfi 3-16@106 7-16;
silver, -7VI ; French rentes, lOOf 32% c. Wheat 1
cargoes off coast, buyers and sellers apart;
cargoes on passage, nothing doing, 3d lower; f
Walla Walla. 27s 9d; English country markets,
part 6d cheaper.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 2.— Wheat, steady; wheat
in Paris, firm: flour in- Paris, firm; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON Uplands, B%d.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter, ;
steady 5s 8d; No. 1 northern spring, steady,
f>s 10%' d. Futures, firm; September, 5s B»,id;
December, 5s 10% d. „„„,„
CORN Spot American new, quiet, 3s 3»»d ;
I American mlx*d old, quiet, 3s 4d. Futures,
quiet; September, 3a 3%d; October. 3s 3-* d;
; November. 3s 3%d. -^
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS. ■ .
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 2.— Exchanges, $226,
--098; balances, $28,001.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
.OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 2.— Wnent— Walla
Walla. 66% c; Valley. 57% c; Blue Stem, 59c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 2.—N o change comes
to the relief of -the dullness In the wheat mar
ket Quotations continue at 56c for Club and
59c 'for Blue Stem.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BT'I^LION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5...... — $4 84
."sterling Exchange. Right — 4 »'V*
Sterling Cables : — 4 SS^i
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange/telegraphic — 124
Mexican Dollars 494 6<>
Fine Silver, per ounce — ■ 60!* j
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— opened Flow hut steadier
owing to unexpected steadiness at Liverpool
' and reported damage by hall in th« North
west. The outlook in North Dakota was re
ported not altogether favorable, while the
Washington weekly 'bulletin acknowledged
damage. ' The prospects were for higher val
ues, but the market lacked support. The for
elen cables w«re higher on account of un
favorable weather. .-
Later on it .became apparent that the mar
ket was largeiy oversold and the decline was
perhaps overdone. The feeling became firmer
on heavy clearances .of over half a million
bushels -without New York. The feeling was
unsettled, and each . decline gathered new j
I strength.
The local situation .sympathized with Chi
] cago, and futures recovered somewhat. Spot
prices were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 03*4@l 05; milling.
$1 oS?4@l 12%- .
1 CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December—
4000 ctls. $HUi; 4900, UIW; 6000. $111%. May
—14,000, $1 14 V4.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 14; 4000,
Jl 14 1 December— 2ooo. $1 11%.
Regular Morning Session— December— l4.ooo
ctls $111%; 6000. $111%; 24.000 $111*. May—
2000,' Jl 1«J. . '
Afternoon : December— 6ooo ctls,
BARLEY— Prices continue to decline, buyers
i hold off and the market Is dull.
Fee<3, 82%@85c; Brewing, 90@95c; Chevalier.
$1 10@l 15 per ctL
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second December— 2ooo ctl«. 88% c;
3000, S3%c. .- "• :
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new—
6000 ctls $Z%e: 2000 82c. December— 83Vic;
30.000. S2V-- 2000 MT4c. , „„,
Afternoon Session— December— ctls, S3V;c;
2000,. 83c: 20C0. S3Vsc Seller ':>9. new— 2ooo.
81% c; 4000. 82c . ,
OATR— Country holders are keeping back
their holdings and receipts are accordingly
light. Prices are unchanged, but the feeling
Is steady. New white Jl So@l 40. and new red.
$1 05@l 15 per ctl. Black. $I@l 07%. -,- -d- ♦
CORN-Small round Yellow, $1 30®l 3a; East
ern large Yellow. $1 10^1 15; White. $1 10@l U:
mixed, $1 10 per ctl; California White, $1 I<%
@1 22%.
RYE— Bo®92%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. J3 60^3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 55; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40@3 50 per bbl. for extra,
J3 26(63 40 for bakers and J2 25@3 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFE— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham
Flour, J3 25 per 100 lbs.; Rye Flour. J2 75: Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, 87; Cornmeal. $2 50: ex
tra cream Cornmeal J3 25; Oatmeal. $4 aOS4 ,a;
Oat Groats, $4 75: Hominy. $3 25@3 50: Buck
wheat Flour. $4ig4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 /->:
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 55<g6 95; la sacks. $6 85®« io;
Pearl. Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay again fell off. ae will be
seen, but it made no difference, as the market
continued weak and dull. Prices stood with- j
out change.
Rolled Barley is lower. Bran and Mid- .
dlings are unchanged.
The circular of Somers A Co. says of Hay:
"Total receipts for the week ending to-day
■how something over 4..-OT. tons, just a- trtnV ;
lees than for the week preceding. This makes
a daily' average of about 700 tons, at which
rate Hay "has been marketed for about the j
last three weeks. * .
"In spite of the prevailing low primps there
is quite a general feeling that prices will bo
still lower consequently th'-re is not the num
ber of consumers tilling their barn-room that
we would ordinarily expect this time of year.
In spite of a somewhat crippled demand Hay
has not dropped during the past week or ten
days as was expected by some. It is true
that the market is very soft and prices some
what lower than were quoted last week, but
we have not noted a heavy drop as was pre
dicted. It is somewhat surprising where all ;
the Hay goes to. but it Is disposed of in one 1
way or another. In such times as these it
does not 'go at all easily, but has to be forced
ott to all available purchasers. Such a con
ditlon of affair? is not healthy, and until mat
ters car. be somewhat equalized, as far as
the supply and demand is concerned, we will
not have a satisfactory market here. ;
■•During the last f ew days we have noticed
the general average of hay to be somewhat,
poorer in quality than that which has be-n
marketed previously. This also tends to lower
the tone of the market, while choice quality
X Is t-nd to hold up prices.
••With the exception of the very choicest
grades of both Wheat and Oat Hay, prices- are
oft from 2S@sOc per ton from the quotations
of one week ago. Nothing new has developed
in the matter of unlo. ked-for demands or new
markets, and from all indications the San
Francisco market will be overburdened with
.shipments and prices will rule as low as at
present, if not lower, for the next two or
three months to come
BRAN— BI6OI7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 5C919 50 per ton..V
FFEDSTI'FFP— RoIIed Barley. $19 nf) per ton.
Oilcake Meal at the mill. 527",i25; jobbme,
$28 50019; Cocoanut Cake. $20*i21; Cornmeal. ;
$23 :.■ -'4 50; Cracked Com. $2Ka2:.; Mixed Feed,
$l«@16 5O; Cottonseed Men!. $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat $7^/ s 50 for eood and $9 for
, choice; Wheat and Oat. $6 B0@8 ; Oat. $5 60®7 S6:
I Barley. 85®7: Island Barley; 85@6; Alfalfa, lot?
7 50 per ton: Compressed Wheat. 89@10.
STRAW— 2O(f4Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is no change In any description. The ,
; demand is quiet all around.
BEANS— $1 90@S; Small White. $2 05@ |
! 2 15- Large White. $1 65®1 80; Pinks. J2 30@2 40;
Reds, nominal; Blackeye. M 10#* 15- Butters.
nominal; Limas. $4 10@4 15; Pea. 82 10@2 25;
Red Kidneys. $2 50 per ctl.
BEEDS— Mustard, nominal: \ellow
Mustard. 2Vs3c: Flax, nominal; Canary Seed. ,
2\r per lb; Alfalfa. S%«j9%c: Rape, 3@3%c: 1
Hemp. 4Vi«?4%c: Timothy 4%^s>ic
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 25®1 60; Green, Jl 50
) Ig2 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Onions are very pi iff. Potatoes are steady.
The Vegetable market is .well stocked with
all kinds, and featureless.
POTATQES-Garnet chile?, Jl@l 10; Early
Rose, 75c@$l; Burbanks, 75c"?75l per ctl in
sacks and fl@l 25 in boxes; Sweet Potatoes.
i 3c per lb.
ONIONS— per ctl for Stlversklns: Pickle
'' Onions. 75c per sack.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. Boc@t2 per box;
Green Peas. 2«f2%c per lh: String Beana. I«i2c:
Lima Beans. 3V4®5%c; Cabbage, 50@«0c: River
Tomatoes. 3S@sOc; Egg Plant. 50®75c; Green
i Okra 80@65c per box: Garlic. 2@3c; Green Peo-
I wra 2r/'i : for Chili and sOig7sc per box for
Bell'- Carrots, 30«*40c per sack; Bay Cucum
bers' 16@25c: Pickles, 75c<@$l for No. 1 and
40@50c for No. 2; Summer Squash. 15®25c;
Marrowfat Squash. $I^2o • per ton; Green
c,,r-i 50c@$l per sack for \llcavllle. $l&12o
per crate for Alameda and 50<g!75c for Berkeley.
POULTRY AND GAME.
\nother car of Eastern sold at $* 50®6 for
Hens. J5 •'<■' tor old Roosters, $5 50 for Fryers,
$3 50J ! for Broilers and Ducks, $125 for Geese
and 14c for Turkeys.
Local Poultry shows no change worthy of
note, supplies being ample for all needs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ,ll@l3c for Gob
lers and 11® 13c for- Hens; Young Turkeys
16<H17c- Geese, per pair. $1-51 2o; Goslings, $1 25
s*lso Ducks, 1804 for old and t3 50@5 for
young- Hens, $4^-5 B»; young Roosters, $s«j>
*5 50- old Roosters, $4 25©5: Fryers, $4; Broil
ers 'j3@3 50 for large. $2 50©3 for small;
/Mgeons. $1 50®l 75 per dozen for old and Jl 75®
2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 75c per dozen.
BUTTER, -CHEESE AND EGGS.
Cheese is firm and some dealers are asking an
advance. Th? margin in dairy Kutter is nar
rowing, ns this grade is flrmer than creamery,
which remains dull. Eggs are steady at th»
quotations which have ruled for some time.
HITTER— „„_„,
Creamery-Fancy creamery. 20<?21c; sec
onds. 19c. , _
Dairy- Fancy, 18®l»c; good to choice. M3>
IT-..', store. 15fffl6'- per. lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. S'-ic; old. R%c;
Young America. 10©10% c; Eastern. 18915 c;
KGCrS— Quoted at 16^ ISc lor store and 20®
23c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 18%@20c for
selected, 16<Sjl7c for No. 1 and 14^ loc for sec
onds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The cariners are paying the following: prices:
Peaches. $15®22 50 for frees and $30 for clings;
Apricots, $30(fi40 per ton. accordlnK to size and
quality and district; BartJett Pears. in this
city »33(§45 per ton for No. 1 and $15@25 for
No. 2: Green and Yellow Plums, $15<&20 per
ton: Colored Plums, $Jo<j?ls.
There are very few Rartlett Pears on the
market for the first week In August, when
there Is usually a glut, and. the market Is
hardening in consequence. Peaches, too. are
firmer at a slight advance, arrivals being
lighter- Apricots are steadily dwindling.
There is no lack' of Plums. Grapes are steady,
but not active. Melons meet with a fair de
mand. . . _ ' ...
There was an auction sale of Lemons late
%Kcinuors fruits— . o[ •
Apples. 25@S5c per box; Crabapples, 30@50c
per small hcix. .._.
BERRIES— Blackberries, J3#4 per chest:
Strawberries, $&Si 6 per chest for small and
$1 5003- for large berries: Raspberries. $4@o per
■chest; Logan berries, 60c per drawer; Huckle
berries. C<S7c per lb. ■
Grapes. bO<Ti6bc per box and isc per crate for
Fontainebleau. 75@88c per box and 65c@$l 25
per crate for Rose of Peru. 75c@$l 25 per crate
for Muscat and $1 25 for Seedless.
Watermelons, J41J12 50 per 100.
.Cantaloupes. $1 50@3 per crate; Nutmegs. 40c
<S%\ 50 per box.
Pears. JB©6oc per box, according to size;
BartJetts. 75c@U 25 per box. • .
Nectarines, per box for white and 60@75c
for red. '. , ■
Figs, $T(j?l 50 . per box for double layers ■of
black and for white.
Apricots, 40«S?.c per box.
Peaches, 20<g»0c per box- and l*.@3sc per bas
ket '•■.-■•■
Plum*. 16©60 c per box: Prune*. 50@75c per
CITRUS FRUlTS— Valencia Oranges, $2@4;
Lemons, 75CSJ1 2". for common and $1 50<g2 50
for good to "choice: Mexican Limes, $4:84 SO;
California Limes, per small box; Bananas,
}1 50(32 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $I@2 50 per
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
The market for new fruit is steadily im
proving. Apricots continue the firmest arti
cle in the list, and prices have again ad
vanced a fraction. The crnp Is turning out
smaller than expected. Instead of the 500 cars
anticipated, 300 cars is row the maximum es
timate, "and it is believed that the entire crop
of the Santa Clara Valley will not exceed 50
cars. : "
Evaporated. Apples are temporarily steady,
owing to large engagements for Australia.
The Peach crop. is now estimated at from.
800 to 1000. cars, of which the. San Joaquin
Valley will turnish £00 to <>00 and the north
ern part of the State 300 to 500 cars. The mar
ket Is steady and unchanged.
New Prunes cannot L»e bought under 3V»e
for the four sizes, but buyers are unwilling
to meet this figure, -which is an advance over
the preliminary . figures of 1898. Holders are
indifferent, however, owing to the . limited
crop all over the world. .
The Los Nletoß "Walnuts have all been sold
| at the prices which will rule when the crop
comes in. Thin 1b a looee enough proposition
to suit anybody. '.•'..
DRIED FRUITS (Old Crop)— Prunes. 6%c for
40-50>, 5c tnr 60-6»'b," 4c for 60-70's. 3«i<^3%c for
70-SO's. 2>!i(B-3V c for 80-90' s, 2V4@2%e for 90-100 a
and 2@2Vic for 100-110'
DRIED FRUITS .(New Crop)— Prunes, in
packs. e\c for 40-50"b, sVic for 50-60' s.4Hc per
Ib for 60-70's. 3%c for 70-80' s, 3%©3% C for 80
--90" s find 2?i@3c for 90-100 s: Apricots. 10011 c
for Royals and 12^0 for Moorparks; Peaches.
7@7Hc; Evaporated Apples. 7©7Vic; Sun-dried.
444©8 c per lb; Nectarines. 6JJ7c per. lb.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4*ic for three
crown, 5 4 c for four-crown, 4'-sf?fic for Seedless
Sultanas, 3Hc for Seedless Muscatels, and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes. 2\ r a3c.
NUTS— Walnuts. fi©Sc for hardshell. tf)<gllc
for softshell: Chile Walnuts. 11<212c: Almonds,
new cror, 7*sc for • Laneuedoc and 9Hc for
paper-shell; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern and 4Vs
f.'c for California: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comh. ll%c for bright and lO%C for
light amher: WRter white extracted, 7 1 4*17 Ij<■;1 j< ■;
light amber extracted, 6V4@"c; dark, 5V4c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 26@27c per . lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. BV4c per lb for
heavy, 9ijf9%c for light medium, lie for light,
12Uc for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sucar-cured Hams, 13V4@14c: Califor
nia Hams. 13c: Mess Beef. Jl3 per bbl; ex
tra Mess Beef, $14: Family Beer. $15<??15 50; ex
tra Prime Pork. $12 50; extra clear. $16 50; mess.
$15#15 50; Smoked IWf. 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at (fttfis%c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure: half barrels, pure,
VAc: 10-lb tins. S'-«c; 5-lb tins, S%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6"»@7%c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@10Vjc; medium, 9ig9'*c; light, 9c;
Cowhides, 9c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. -- 2Cig3oc • each; short
Wool. 3f><B6oc (-ach: medium. 70@90c; long Wool.
90cfg$l io"each: Horse Hides, salt. }2@2 25 fo.r
large and $12.".'5150 for small; Colts, 25<g50c.
TALI.OAV -No. 1 rendered. 4@4M.c per lb; No.
2. 3f 3Vic; refined, ; grease, 2<9'2Uc.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Joa'iuin and
Southern 7 months. Sig.llc; Foothill and North
ern fr^e. lTSi!4c: Foothill and Northern defec
tive 9@llc: Nevada, ll@14c: San Joaiiuin Foot
hill fr*»e, \<<f}\Zc: S?«n Joaquln ■ Foothill defec
tlve. S@3c: Humboldt and Mendoclno. 16^fil8c:
Valley Oregon. 17^ 18c; Eastern Oregon. 12fgl4e
for choice and ri-ffllSc for fair to good.
HOPS crop. l.V*rl7>£c per lb; 1899 crop,
12Vi@13c bid and refused.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Grain Bass have again advanced.
Calcutta Grain Bags. 6>-»c: Wool Bags, 26©28 c.
COAL— Wellington. $ per ton; New Welling
ton SS; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
U- Bryant, $6; Coos Hay. $5. Wallsend. $7 .-.0;
Scotch' $S- Cumberland. $3 in bulk and $10 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $12;
Cannel $S per "ton: Rock Springs and ■ Castle
Gate. $7 60: Coke, $12 ncr ton in bulk and $14
In sacks. _' _ '■'■ '■
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. in 100-lb bas;?.:
Cubes. A crushed and Fine Crushed,' 5%c;
Powdered. Wfcc; Candy Granulated, 5V«c; Dry
Granulated, s^c: Confectioners' A, s>^c: Cali
fornia A, 4%c; Magnolia A. 4»ic; Extra C, 4%c;
Golden C, 4V>c; barrels. l-16c. more; -barrels,
54c more; boxes. hie more; 50-lb bags, 'gc more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Domlnos, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes.
e',»c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF — 7@Sc per lb for Steers and 6Vj(g7c lor
Cows.
VEAL— 7SIOC ocr lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7c; Ewes, 6^c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 8c per lb.
PORK— LIVe Hogs. 5%@5TsC for small. 6c for
medium and 5%4#5%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, sVic: dressed Hogs. 7@SVic.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE,
For Wednesday! August 2.
Flour, qr sks 10,150, Chicory, sks 35
Wheat, ctls 1.460 Sugar, sks 2.230
Barley, ctls 2^oo Sugar, bbls • 90
Oats, ctls 660 Lime, bbls 182
Rye, ctls ".... 600 Pelts, bdls 97
Cheese, ctls 211 Wool, bags 2SI
Butter ctls 2*14 Straw, tons 40
Beans, sks 46fi Hay, tons 363
Potatoes, sks 1,215 Eggs, doz 14,010
Onions, sks 160 Wine, gals 33,850
Bran, .-ks l.o'v Leather, rolls 140
Middlings, sks... 15" Hides, no 416
Shorts, sks 4f
THE STOCK MARKET.
ThPre was a fair business in securities yes
terday, but changes- were not wide as a rule.
Mining stocks were strong and the best
pri. -a? were above those of the preceding day.
The telegram from the pump said: "At 6:30
this morning the water «ss Sown 16 feet 3
inches .below the 1950-foot l*-vel station. The
elevator has been working continuously."
For the second quarter of the pr>'=ent year
the Rocco-Hotneatake mine of Nevada shipped
670 torn 'if ore ot a gross value of $33,510. The
cost "f extraction was $14,460, the cost of
transportation Jl4.S<'7 and the cost of reduc
tion js pi. leaving a net profit of $.",443.
YeSterdaj President Barrett of thp San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board appoint
p.i a committee composed of a. F. coffin, A.
I: Rugglea arid W. Kdwards to mpet repre
sentatlvefl of the new oil Kxchnime to ar-
Fange, ii possible, an amalgamation of in
terests, whereby the proposed speculative
bustnesa in oil certificate! may be conducted
in the San Francisco board room.
From present indications the contract for
supplying the Comsturk mines with electrical
power will be awarded to the Truckee Hiver
.1 Kleotric Company. The contract will
be drawn up in a day or so and submitted to
the different mining companies for ratification.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, August 2—2 p. m. ;
Bid.Ask. - Bld.Ask.
Bonds— Mutual El Co. 14 15
4s quar c0up. ..112 — Oakland Gas.. 47% 4$
4s quar reg.... — — Pac Gaa Imp.. 71 —
4s quar new. . .12S'<i — Pac LCo 42 —
>Ss quar coup... — 8 FG & E.... 70Vi 71
! Miscellaneous— San Fran 3'j 3%
! Cal-st Can 55. .115 — Btockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55...110' i — i Insurance—
IKL& P6s 130 Vi — Firem's Fund. 224 —
F & Cl Ry fis.. — 117 Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 9.V An?lo-Cal 86 —
II C& S 5V45.107V& — Bank of c'a1..275 286
L A Ry r»s 109% — <"al S I) & T.. — .98
L A L Co 65.. 99 — First Nationl..
Do gntd 65..-9!> — Lon P & A....129% —
Do gntd 55.. — 100 Mer Exchange — 16
; Market-st 65...125% — Nev Nat 8k...152 —
Do Ist M oB.HS'/i — '■ Savings Banks—
N C N '". R 75.110 — Ger S & L..1830 1700
i N Rof Cal 65. 113 114 Hum S & L.1050 1160
iSK of Cal 85.114\4 - Mutual Say.. 37',j 424
N P C R R-65.106VA — S F Sa.V U.. 500 520
NPC R R SS.IOCV* — S& L So — — S2>£
N Cal R R ss. 11l — Security SB.— 3'X>
IDG L& H 55. 11 l — Union T Co.. — 1465
; Oak Transt 6s. 110 — | Street Railroads—
6m C Ry 65... 126^130 California — —
P &Cl Ry 65. 105 107V4!Geary 50 —
P & O 6s! 115 — lM«irket-Rt (il\ 62
Powell-st 65. -.118 12EHJOak S L&H. — 50
Sac El R.v ss.— — Presidio — 16
I 8 F & N P as.ll3Vi — Powder—
SF & S JVss.ll4%ir>Vf« California — —
, Sierra R Cal6s. loß*6 — E Dynamite... S5 —
1 S Pof A 65... 112 IIS Giant Con Co. 73Vi 74%
BP C 65(1905).112 112% Vlgorit 27i —
S P<■ 65(1906). — 114".s Sugar—
SP C 69(1912). 11S 122 Hana P C 0.... 15% 16
■BPC Is eg 6s. — 107^4 Haw r&S C. — 99
SPBr 6s 124 Hutch S P Co. 31% 31%
ifi V Wat 6s 116 — |Kilauea S Co. — 30
S V Wat 45.... 103% — jMakawell SC. 4S —
S V W 4s(3dm)lolii — Onomea S Co. 3SH 3S>4
Stktn Gas 65..1'">2 — Paauhau S P. 35% 38%
I Water Stocks— : Miscellaneous--
Contra Costa.. 76- 77 jAI Pac Assn. .ll6 117
Marin County. 50 — iGer Ld Wk5...250 —
Sprlnsr Valley. 102 102*4!Mer Ex Assn.. — 105
Gas and Electric— Oceanic 8 Co. S7',£ S9
Capital Gas.... — — Pac A F A.... 1% —
Central G Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co. — 130
Cent L P... - 7 Par Paint Co.. 8% —
Euult G L Co. 3V4 3% .
\ : - ' Morning Session.
Board — " ' •
10") Contra Costa Water 76 50
1 25 Equitable Gas 300
65 Giant Powder Con : 73 75
175 Hana Plantation Co I*l 00
50 Hutchlnson S P Co ■ 31. 75
i 450 Hutchinson B P Co 3150
1 150 Hutchinson S P Co 31 62>£
JSOOO Los Anseles Ry 5 per cent bonds 106 50
; 25 I. P A A Bank 129 75
35 Makaweli • 48*) .
$2000 Market St Hy Ist con 5 per cent.... 116 25
125 Paauhau S P Co \ : 3S 50
25 Oceanic S S Co SS 60
50 S V Water • 102 25
Street—
! $6000 S F & S J V bonds....'. 115 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— - *
$5000 Contra Costa Water bonds 110 50
10 Contra Costa Water 77 00
100 Equitable Gas 3 50 '
20 Equitable Gae., 3 62^
100 Hana Plantation Co ....: 16 00
25 Hana Plantation Co. s 90 16 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co 31 75
215 Makaweli ..:..... 4S 00
$3<Wi Market- Bt Ry con S per cent bd5..116 2."
30 Market Street Railway 62 00
150 Onomea Sugar C 0... ' 3S 50
20 Paauhau S P Co — .- 3S 75
Street—
$10tV> Ferries & cliff H bonds 115 00
$1000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds... 114 25
$1000 X P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds 125 00
$5000 S F & S J" V bonds 115 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— ..'
50 Onomea Sugar C 0.... : 37 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 3S 00
100 Makaweli Sugar Co ;... 48 00
160 Makaweli Sugar C 0.." 48 12V4
"5 Market Street Railway 62 00
• 40 S F Gas & Electric- Co 7100
100 Vigorlt Powder 2 87' i
$1000 O S bonds, 3s 108 50
Afternoon Session.
Board — . . , „.,
25 Alaska Packers* Association il J»
20 Contra Costa Water ; • JJ -A
30 Contra Costa Water 'JJ ? '
200 Equitable Ga5....... t\ ,« oo
$;:■■ Lo B Angeles Ry Bs 122 mm
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 6a 10b f
-4i> Oakland Gas « '/
50 Onomea Sugar C 0... on <>-
50 Onomea Sugar Co &* £'
$2000 U S bonds, 3s 10S 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the' sales in the San Fran-!
Cisco Stock .Board yesterday:
Morning Session. • .
rm Best & Belcher 6S ■ 100 Justice  - OS
100 Caledonia 7« 800 Mexican b
-200 Chollar 27 ESO Ophlr W0
200 Con Cal & V...2 25 100 Savage ...: -'■'
100 Gould & Curry. 161 400 Sierra Nevada. M
500 Gould & Curry. IS 200 Sierra Nevada, 66
50 Gould & Curry. 44 100 Utah ■. - 1
-100 Hale & Norcrs. 36
Afternoon Session.
600JUta 09.1000 Gould & Curry. 47
300 Belcher 30 100 Ophir ..." ' -'»
400 Best & Belcher 70 200 Potosi » ;
1000 Bullion 09| 100 Savage ■■: »
- 800 Challenge 2S 10) Sierra Nevada. b)
600 Con Cal & V...2 4'i 100 Union Con 40
450 Con cal & V... 2 4.". 100 Utah 11
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alpha Con 05 TOO Justice 08
40(i Andes 23 ■ 600 Mexican ■ »
400 Andes .\. 22 600 Mexican 62
300 Belcher 2S 700 Opblr • l f> \
1200 Best & Belcher 6.» fiOO Potosi •>
--1200 Best A Belcher 67 2200 Savage 26
1150 Con Cal & V... 2 30 2200 Savage 5
1150 Con <'al & V.2 27'- 900 Sierra Nevada. b6
500 Crown Point... 29 900 Sierra Nevada. 63
SOD Crown Point... 28 1400 Union Con -40
1500 Gould & Curry. 47 1100 Union C0n...... 39
1500 Gould & Curry. 43 700 Yellow Jacket.. .i*
800 Hale & Norcrs. 37 400 Syndicate 0j
600 Hale & Norcrs. 36
. . ■ Afternoon Session.
200' Andes 23 200 Justice OS
1100 Best <<■- Belcher 70 200 Justice *"
200 Best & Belcher 6S 200 Mexican '■*
IWW Bullion ......... 09 200 Ophlr 1 22', 2
200 Chollar 2C 200 Ophlr 1 -\
250 Con Cal & V.2 37Vi| 2W Potosi 52
850 Con Cal & V...2 40' 300 Sava.ge 2o
150 Con Cal & V.2 42'^ 500 Seg Belcher.... 07
800 Con Imperial... 02 400 Sierra Nevada. 6S
600 Gould & Curry. 4S 300 Utah 11
400 Gould & Curry. 47 i
SUN, MOON AND TID&.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey— \
Times and Heights of High and Low
Watera at Fort Point, entrance to San ;
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
•the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
•wenty five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the rtelght of tide Is the same at both places.
IMI nni'Ai, a 1 <-r l ;-• j. o.
un rises 5:15
un sets - ; "'
toon ripes 2:30 a. m.
C Timel iTimej Time; 'Time,
» I 1 Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft. I Ft.
• L. WJ JH Wl- L Wj JH W
« ... 3:42j — 0-5J 10:42 4.5 8:10 S.0] 9:20! 6.S
4 .. 4-21 ! — 0.5 11:19 4.8 3:59; 2.0! 10:05 5.8
5 .. 4:54'— 0.4| 11:50 o.l| 4:41 2.6' 10:4Wl 5.7
6 ... . 5:23'— 0.3! 12:181 5.2 5:22 2.4 11:26! 5.5
7 ... 5:51) 0.0! 12:45| 5.2! 6:01 2.l! - 1
H W " L W H IV I. W
S . ; 0:06 5.3f 6:20 0.2 l:10| B.3 fi:42i 1.9
9 ...j 0 ;• - ) 6:51 0.6 1:36' 5.3. 7:24 1.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides I
the ea>ly morning tides are given In the left !
hand column and the successive tides of the !
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The ■ heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States. Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign <—)■ precedes the height,
and th.?n the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference 1? the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME HALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Fxchange, San P'rancisco, Cal..
Aupust 2, 1599.
The time hall on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. TV S. N., in charge
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. | Due.
Chas. Nelson... St. Michael Aug. 3
Sunol Grays Harbor Aug. 3
Baracouta jAcaputco Aug. 3
Areata Coos Bay Aug. 3
Weeott Humboldt ,Aug. 3
Coos Bay 'Newport Aug. 3
State California Portland Aug. 3
Progreso 'Seattle 'Aug. 3
Aloha Point Arena |Aug. 3
Corona San Diego [Aug. 4
Point Arena Point Arena Aug. 4
Willamette ...... IS»attle .- 'Aug. 4
Empire Coos Pay. Aug. 4
Hongkong Maru China and Japan Uug. 5
Tbyra ■.....* China and Japan Aug. 5
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 5
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Aug. 5
Bonita Newport (Aug. fi
A. Blanchard... ! Coos Bay (Aug. B
Samoa 'Humboldt 'Aug. 6
Wellington [Departure Bay Aug. 6
San Jose. [Panama Aug. 7
Crescent City...! Crescent City Aug. 7
Columbia Portland (Aug. S
Santa ROSS 'San Diego ! AUR. <
Fulton Portland 'Aug. *
North Fork Humboldt I Aug. 10
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination, j
Satis.
Pier.
rewburK ..[Grays Harbor Auk. 3. 5 pm Pier 16
oos Bay... Newport Auk. 4. 9 am Pier 11
ity Puebla [Vie & PKt Aug. 4. in am Per 9
I'eeott ... Humboldt |Auk. 4. 2 Pier 13
Ity PeklnK ftJapanlAup. S. 1 pmIPMSS
.rcata ICocs Bay lAug. 5, in arri|Pier 13
orona [San Diego..... Auk. 6, 11 am Pier 11
tate of CaliPortland (Auk. 6. in am' Pier 34
l,,ha IPolnt Arena.. ! Aug. 6. 3 pm'Pler 2
t Arena. Point Arena. .l Auk. 7. 2 pm'Pler 2
uracao ...'Mexico Auk. 7. 1" am Pier 11
Blanch' d < - Bay Aug. 7. Mam Pier 13
omona ...Humboldt [Aug. 7. 2 Pier 9
ionita Newport Aug. 8, 9 am Pier 11
an Bias. ..'Panama. ! Auk. 8, 12 m|PMSS
Gaelic *.....|Chlna&Japan!AuK. 9. 1 pmIPMSS
/alia WallfVtc ft Pgt lAuk. 9. 10 amlPier 9
[nana ISvdnev... ! Auk. 9. Cpm'Pier 7
arita RosalSan Diego.. ...[Aug. 10, 11 amlPier 11
olumbia ..Portland | Aug.' 11. JO am Pier 24
in
SHIPPING nmSLItIGENCtt.
ARRTVF.n.
• Wednesday, August 2.
Stmr Scotia. Strand. 20 hours from Rockport.
Stmr Westport. Peterson, 19 hours from
Wpstport. ■ ■:■■ ■■.'■
" Stmr George Loomls. Rridgett, 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 24 hours fr.>m Eu-
Stmr Cleone. Hlsrsrins. IS hours from Caspar.
Stmr Sunol, L»t«*blß. 72 hours from Grays
Harbor.
V S stmr Relief. Harding', 40^ days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 34Vi days, via Yokohama
'I 1 days, via Honolulu 7 days. .
Rr ship Qupon Margaret, Fraser, 47 days from
HongrkonK. . ,> -
Schr Corinthian, . Korth, 24 hours from
80-wens Landing.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Johnson, 22 hours from
I Albion.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, August 2.
Ptmr Bertha. Thomas, St Michael; Alaska
Commercial Co. ■
Stmr Czarina, ppaman. Seattle; B T Krus<».
Schr yacht La Paloma, Marphall. Honolulu;
C T Wilder.
Br ship Talus, Stenhouse, Queenstown; G W
McNeaT. • . *
Br Fhlp Ben T/eo. Hunter, Hull; Eppinger &
Co. •
SAILEP.
Wednesday.' August 2. •'
Stmr Bertha. Thomas St Michael.
Ptmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen. Eureka.
stmr Lasruna. Ericsson, - .
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Haw stmr San Mateo. Fletcher. Nanaimo. ■
T:k Rescue. Thompson, San Diego.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, Bowens Land
ing.
Schr Corinthian. Korfh, Bowens Landing. -
Schr Rio Rey. Johnson, .
Schr Five Brothers, Jejisen. Blhlers Point. ■
• Schr '".-.nflanza. . Christiansen, Coquille River.
. Schr Nettle Sundbor?, Nelson. .
Schr Mary C, Matsen, ■ Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 2. 10 p m— Weather
foggy: Wind west: velocity. 14 miles per hour.
CHARTERS.
The Bristol loads coal at Departure Bay for :
Dutch Harbor: Martha YV Tuft, redwood at
Fort Bragg for Guaymas.
Wheat .charters prior to arrival are. the Flott
bek. Europe. 30s; Marguerite Dollfus. Europe,
27s 6d; Touralne land barley), Europe, 32s 6d.
SPOKEN.
No date, lat 39 3S N. lon 67 15 W— Ship A G
Ropes, from New York, for San Francisco.
July 20. lat 37 34 N. l..rt 37 05 W— Br ship
Eaton Hall, from Portland, for Queenstown
June 12. lat 3S S, lon- 104 W— Br shii) Kate
Thomas, from .Newcastle. Aus. for Panama
June 1. lat 20 S. lon 39 W— bark Bourbaki.
from Antwerp, for Ban Francisco..
DOMESTIC PORTS. . ■ '
. GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug: Schr Fal
con, h.ence July 12; schr Webfoot, hence July
Sailed Auk I— Stmr ' National City, for San
Francisco. , . - ... ...
L BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Au; 2— Stmr
AUCTION SALES.
FURNITURE AND CARPETS
THIS DAY (THURSDAY) at 11 a. m.
<»r.3 OAK ST., NKAR SCOTT.
FRANK \V. BUTTERFIELD. R'37 Market.
Luella, from Tillamook: schr Newark. hence
Sailed Aug 2— Stmr Luelia. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEXD- Sailed Aug I— Bktn Win
Carson, for Sydney. .-■-....
Passed In Aus Sehr . Reporter, from R.
dondo. for Olyi«Pla; schr Olt'a.
\COMA— Arrived Aug 2— .Schr Glendale,
hence July 14. . , ,
.-KATTl.E— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Humhol.lt,
from Dyea. ■ '
Sailed Aur. I— Stmr Willamette, for San
Francisco. _ ■ , .
COOS BAY— Aug 2— Tur Columbia, for
. ■ • stmr Empire, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug I— Stmr Brunswick, hence Au
gust 1. Aug 2-Stmf Alice Blanchard, from
Eureka. . '■: ■'*'■ '■■ '•'
SAN. PEDRO— Failed Aug 2— Stmr South
Coast; for : stmr Rival, for ; U S stmr
Magic, for San r>Veso.
ASTORlA— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Fulton, fm
Eureka: bktn Tarn o' Shanter. from Sari mi r -..
PORT BLAKEL.EY Sailed July 2— Schr Fan
ny Dotard, "for Ventura. .•>•-' •
POINT ARENA— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Green
wood, from Port Los Angeles.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Noyo
hence A lie I.
• GREENWOOD— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Whlt»«
boro, hence Aujr 1. - ,
Sailed Augr 2— Stmr Alcatraz. for Port ]>s
1 Angeles.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug I— Stmr Advance,
from Colon; *hii> I F Chapman, from Phila
delphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug 1— Br stmr Em
press cf China, -from Vancouver.
BROWHE AD— Passed Aug I— Rr bark Birk
dale, from I'ortland, for Queenstown.
IH'BLlX— Arrived Aug I— Gor ship. Peru, fro.
( iregon.
QUEENSTOWN"— Arrived Aug 2— Br Mrk
Birkdale. from Oregon.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Aug 2-Stmr Alameda. for
San Francisco, via Honolulu.
HONOLULU— SaiIed July 25— S «tmr Bru
tus, for Guam. .
ACAPULCO— July Sl— Stmr Costa
Rica, for Panama; stmr San iose, for San
Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug Stmr New York,
for ■ Southamoton; stmr Southwark, for Ant
werp; stmr Britannic', for Llverp ol; stmr Mas
silia. for Mai si llli
LI Vp:RPOOL— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Cephalo
nia, from Boston.
Sailed Aug I— Stmr Sylvania, for Boston.
GLASGOW— Arrived Aug Stmr Mongolian,
from Ni'\v Y"rk.
SOUTHAMPTON— Aug 2— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Aug 2— Stmr Servia.
for New York.
Arrived Aus 2 — Stmr Beleenland, from
Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
CHERBOURG Sailed Aug 2— Stmr Kaiser
Wllbelm der Grosse. from Bremen, via South
ampton, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Majestic,
from New York, via Queenstown. ;
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
j^^ Steamers leave Broadway
•'^&9»«^ wharf, Pan Francisco:
I Etfisafifek. For Alaskan' ports, 10 a. m..
1 1 JWt^JBUBU August 4, 9. It. 19. 24. 20. Sep-
-1 P<sT ißdlK^ tember 3, change at Seattle.
1 BS«aSB «il For Victoria. Vancouver •B.
raECSil®fi; C.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
if^^^^HHHfl Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m. August 4. 9, 14. 19,
"4 ■><) September 3. and every fifth day there-
afte'ri change at Seattle to this company a
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Ta-
coma to N P Rv.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p m.. August
2 7 12. IT. 22. 27, September 1, and every fifth,
d ' a For%a e "cru . Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayueos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
GaVlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. August 4 8, 12. 18. 20 -4.
h. September 1. and every fourth day there-
af r r San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anueles and Redondo i Los Angeles). 11 a.
m Au|ust 2. 6. 10. 14, 13, 22. 26. 30. September
3 "and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
and hours of sailing.
TrCKKX OFFICE- i New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. AetB..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m
rinr $12 First Clans Including Bert*
IAnC $8 Second Clasa and Meals.
STATE OF CAL1F0RN1^5ai15..........^.....
Aug ri. I*. 26. Sept. 5.
COLUMBIA sai'ls....Auc. 1. 11. 21. 31, Sept. 10.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Su'.te,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
■ Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINB.
NEW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York.. ..August 2| New York. . ..August 23
St. Louis August 9 Pt. Louis August "0
St. Paul August lfi
RED STAR LINE.
New York snd Antwcro.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Adria '...... July 261 Kensington Aug. 16
Southwnrk ..August 2 1 Noordland  Aug. 23
Westefnland ...Aug. 9j
EMPIRE LINE.
Seat He. Sr. Michael. Da*.vson C'tv.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHAT
CTEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
"** ncr First and Hrnnnnn streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hloga), Nagasaki and Shanghai. an<l
connecting at ■ Hongkong with steamera for
.India, etc. No cargo received on board <n day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. July 20
HONGKONG MARU...... Thursday. August 17
•NIPPON MARU -..Tuesday. September 12
Round-trip ticketa at reduced rates. For
freight .and passage apply at company's ofice
421 Market st.. cor. First. .
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
©HVHMM Auckland for Sydney
I»JHBKI vla Honolulu nn «l
»»*■■"■<• Auckland for Sydney
H \^»—^ Wednesday. August 9.
/3-/*| • > at 10 P s m. s. Australia
JSlPaniMtlO<J The S - a Australia
Q)!Ulll!3lt!^- pails for Honolulu
(6mrawh £*££»£,•* Augnßt 23 -
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa New Zealand, Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 114 Montoomerj
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Otfice.327 Market St.
COMPAQNI3 GENE3\^ TRANSATLANTICS
DIRECT LINF TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,^-ry^
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <;FfrVi\
fron: Pier 42. North River, foot of . •
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. August 12: LA
BRETAGNE, August 19"; LA NORMANDIE.
August 26: LA TOURAINE. Sept. 2: LA
CHAMPAGNE, Sept. 9. First-class to Havre.
JK.S and upward. S per cent reduction- on round
trip Second-class to Havre. $45. 10 per c»nt re-
duction on round trip. .GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32
Broadway- (Hudson building). New York. J. K.
FUGAZ-l & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, E Mont-
gotnery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AJMD B.IVEB, STBAMESa
9 ■
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN*
Will leave Washington-street whan at 8 a. m.
: daily, returning from Stockton *t 6 p. m.
! daily (Saturday excepted). . Regular steamers
! leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
i daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone" Main 305. . ■
: FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. an.l Sat. at 9:15
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and R:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
! Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
FARE ! We
Weekly $1.00 Jer YearA COMMERCIAL
MUSEUM FOR
SAN FRANCISCO
To Be a Branch of the
National Body.
GENEROUS OFFERS ARE MADE
PAST OF PHILADELPHIA'S EX
HIBIT TO COME HERE.
Foreign Buyers and Sellers to Have
the Advantage of Immediate
Dealing With Each
Other.
The Merchants' Association has under
favorable consideration a proposition of
much Importance to the people of the en- i
ate. Ii is the establishment in this
ranch of the Philadelphia Na-
Museum. Sevi ral of the members
- • iation have rwe.ntiy been in i
lelphia and from the managers of
. jscum they received the assurance
quantities of Burplna exhibits
on hand will be sent to San Francisco if
•us, manufacturers and peo
gej < ral will attend to the placing
■ • the goods to an advantage. To prop
erly :lt up a local branch of the national
museum will oust about ?40,'K» and the
move toward raising this sum has pro
■i to such a point thai the project
is almost as good, as assured. The ob- :
f the national museum ami the
Bed local branch may be summed up j
as roll
To place before manufacturers, ci
ers and dealers In t States and
California - i i ducts :
.if the worl • maj kt ow
and to them.
• lrnisb full lnf is to how
and where to obtain these products.
T.i ■ Lboratories
■Mtably utilized
by the manufacturers.
To ; ■ samples of Eu
sold in va
tition with
Infor
r's price, Qual
ity, etc
To show what are thi markets abroad
. be most
. rted.
I -known fact that the export- •
; manufa I I his city lose |
.rs of trade on
i k of knowledge "f huw |
ship the goods, [nforma- !
dozens of similar points i
I ons lering the new terrl- '
Sam and
much of the South and
nerican trade is slipping to Eu
when it should come to this
waking up the local commercial i
: . nof the necessity i>f
. ' Ige upon the sub
i :: ■ rum aims to supply. !
tia has already
I a great surplus of raw and manu- !
nicies from all parts of the j
together with data as to the
iction, etc., and I
Is willing to part with much of that for |
liate use.
liscussing the project one of the i
promln< nt members of the Merchants' j
a Btated that when it becomes!
■ be national mv- j
s-eum is established in San Francisco nun- !
dreds of purchasers from foreign
tries win come here to make their pur
instead of going elsewhere. He
nays that the Inl •■ to be obtained
by th< will more
than i for the cost of establish
maintainlng the mus.-um, to
the fncr< trade
. is sure to flow in this direction as
facilities of supply
game. While the agitation to the
m no decided action
will be taken until after the end of the';
inics" fair, which will prove an ob- j
j. .1 lesson in the way of showing the
:t> of having a permanent bureau
of useful information.
TREADWELL REFUSES
TO LOWER THE BAIL
JUDGE IS TOO ELL TO TBY
•BRICK" McPHERSON.
Hearings In the cases against "Brick" I
• raon, Thr-ma? J. Clishum and E. N.
• were postponed again yesterday I
ion, Police Judge Trea<lwe!l an- i
- ■ r >m the bench that he was too
■ >urt.
ham was present with his attorney,
r Mnck. 9 ■ also in court,:
Thomas Madden representing him as le
gal adviser. "Brick" McPherson did not
put in ar: apjx rneys, ,
HarVey Browi and J. N. K. Wilson, acting '
;. Mr. and Mrs. William \V.
Carroll, who <'i;iim to have been victim- 1
iz.>.l by Clisham : . and Isaac N.
o preferred the charge against j
i ts.
( »n t;ikint his seat shortly after 1
o'clock Ju<if_'i Treadwell announced that ,
by reason is Illness induced l>y
the 111-smelHng courtroom in which he)
had b>-<-n compelled to transact business I
: would be unable to go on with the*
Ivarines. He said he when
) c would be able to set the cases.
Attorney Wilson said he was satisfied
that when the court heard the case
against McPherson as a matter of law
- it.
"Why don't you get some other Judge ;
to try it?"
"We're anxious for a trial." replied Wii
i • "and ought to have this r-xamina
tion" at once. There o-ught to be some
made whereby we could get Me- ;
m out on bail."
"If I sit here another half hour," saJd
the court, "you'd be talking to a dead j
man."
On motion of I'rnprrntlrig Attorney Cax
and at \\.< suggestion of the court:
the McPhei went over till Friday, 1
with the understanding that some other
Judge should l-e secured to try it.
I] your Honor," asked Wilson, ad
dressing the court, "reduce that Mc-
Pherson bond to a thousand dollars?"
"I can't do it," replied the court. "I
■ oruer."
With regard to Clisham. Attorney Mack
a statement to the effect that he
: the prosecution was willing
the onry Intention being to
hold him as a witness. On that plea he;
Tii.-U the charge against his client
.!, promising to have him on i
• led.
b Attorney Carpenter stated
that the understanding of Mr. Mack was
upon the court ordered a
aement in the Clisham and Smoot
cases till Friday.
TUITION FEE DEMANDED.
Principal Stiucen of the Whittier
School Enforces a Kule.
Mrs. Minna Grundler ■ f 152 Clara street
■lay compli :.• ■! to Superintendent
of Schools Webster th;u Mrs. Emma Stin
ci n, principal of the Whittier Primary
to admit four minor
children Into the school unless $40 was
paid. Superintend) m Webster is certain
that th(- affair is a misunderstanding on
the part of Mrs. Grundler. Mrs. Stincn
simply enforced one of the rules of the
department as lai'i down by the Board of
Ltton. Th< father Df the children
lives in Alaska, and Mrs. Stineen believes
mder the rulea the children are res-
Idents of the same <Hy In which the
r resides. A tuition fee is exacted
.11 children of non-residents. Mrs.
Stincea did not ask for the money, but
the certificate that the fee
i.i/i been paid. Superintendent Webster
will decide the point to-day.
A DEAD CROOK'S INGRATITUDE
The Widow of the Late Judg-e Camp
bell Wants Possession of a Pair
of Diamond Errings.
Mrs. Eugenia F. Campbell, widow of the
'idge Campbell, who resides on Ash
by avenue, Berkeley, secured a search
i . rant in Judge Mogan'a court yester
day to recover the possession of a pair
of diamond earrings, valued at $125, which
she alleges are in the Nevada Loan Of
flce, 214 Grant avenue.
Shortly before Judge Campbell's death
James Keating, a well-known thieJ and
: husband of Mabel Keating, the plck
' pocket, called ai the Judge's residence to
i bond signed for a friend. Mrs.
Campbell had lost one of the stones from
her diamond earrings and Keating hap
' pened to observe it on the floor and pick
ed It up without saying a word. Shortly
after he went to the Judge and told him
, that he knew who had found the missing
atone and if Mrs, Campbell would give
■ him her earrings he would get a new
stone put in the setting and make her a
, present of it. He got the earrings, and
pawned them. After the Judge's death
Mrs. Campbell attempted to get t*e ear
i rings back from Keating without success,
! and Campbell's subsequent death put an
i end to the matter.
She has now discovered that the ear
rings are in the Nevada J»an Office and
wants to regain possession of them.
WHAT'S IN A NAME?
The crazy man who caused such a dis
turbance at the California House, 210
Montgomery avenue. Tuesday night, and
was taken to the insane ward in the Re
ceiving Hospital, has been masquerading
to-day. .
OUR BLANCHE
IS TRULY "ONE"
OF OUR GIRLS"
ONE of Our Girls" was not writ
ten with a moral to serve an
end for the French have long
since lifted the drawbridge and
shut down the portcullis on the
prejudices they entertain in favor of their
domestic institutions, and you'll never
take them by storming them with an
American comedy. Nor is the lesson for
us— our girls are given guidance and a
liberal rein from the start and seldom
fail to keep "inside the rails" and reach
the matrimonial goal bright eyed and
pure hearted. The sarcasm of the com
edy la what pleases us. We do enjoy
"taking a rise" out of the devotee of
Froissart, and we are glad that Bronson
Howard has given us a chance. The
play, if old fashioned and wordy, is in
teresting and amusing, has quiet effective
curtain drops, some very bright dialogue
and never loses sight of its intentions.
The episode of the American girl and the
Irish officer in a French situation is ab
surd and much better acted than the sit
uation (?) deserves. A true Irishman
would have throttled Florian de Crebil
lon at the third word and a Frenchman
of the Henri St. Hilaire order, even if
fainting, would have run him through in
a trice. Neither of them would have al
lowed Kate Shipley to hear more than
a phrase of "that tongue's utterance.
The presence of that creature, whose
character is to be counted "but an inci
dent In the progress of the noble fam
ily," would hay- brought any self-respect
ing male to arms In hot haste, rhi slap
came aeons too late. But there are com
pensations for this mistake, and we wish
Mr Howard would write oftener. Vi hy
is his pen practically silent of late years"!
Will not a man lose his skill by Inac-
Miss Bates Is one of our girls, and that
she plays the role so evenly, charmingly
and satisfactory is no BUrprise. Ihe
power to hold the stage merrily for many
minutes, as she does in the second act,
denotes ability of no mediocre order, and
so infectious Is the mirth that ere we
know it we are all laughing with her
She might add to the present chtirm of
the little scene if she faced the audience
less, in fact, the atmosphere of solilo
quy now a little thin, would be perfectly
created if she turned her back upon us
altogether. This will be counted a dra
matic heresy, but in revival week I wish
she would try it. Now let us speak ot
beautiful things, not calmly, but in great
peace Emerson's essays express a strong
belief in th.- man who changes his mind;
who says one thing to-day and the op
posite to-morrow, and with this backing
let the words "Miss Bates does not un
derstand the art of dressing" be for the
present recalled. Her gowns this week,
especially two and three, are dainty, ar
tistic and beautiful. When she throws
over the reseda of number two a cloak
with a touch of pink and a dash of black
harmony is complete. She may fearlessly
speak of her "very best hat," for that
hat is to be coveted and it finishes a cos
tume that must be seen to be appreci-
Miss Bates does ingenious comedy with
girlish simplicity, and in the early scenes
her Julie Is given just the right touch,
but neither she nor Mr. Hiekman are
emotional, and when th« sentiment deep
ens they fail to satisfy. Harrington Rey
nolds plays the quiet character of J»r.
CJlrodet exceedingly well; and Augustus
Cook, whom we knew last week as Na
poleon, is so very different and properly
hateful as De Crebillon that one scarcely
knows him. He is artistically revolting
and this is meant for praise. Mr. Arm
ory as De Fouche.-Fonblanque wakes up
toward the end of the play and comes on
to explain things in a really comical way.
Mr. Frawley, no matter what the char
acter is always the same. The only
thing that distinguishes Captain Gregory
from any other part he has played is an
Irish brogue, which ta< comes by honest
ly and honestly delivers. The minor sup
port Is fair and th( production as a whole
certainly worth the full week's run.
The right to criticize bad scenery should
not be sparingly used if we are to coax
the ruler? of our scenic world to be mer
ciful to man. The scenery at the Cali
fornia is simply hideous. If there Is an
artistic set in the files, it has not yet been
wheeled out, and the furniture that con
glomerates upon the stage reminds one of
houses furnished by the gifts of kind
friends who knew naught 01 each other's
intentions. Last night, a certain ugly
green table cover, much beloved of the
property man, came out once more to
decorate a well-built table with decent
carving and a polished top. In the sec
ond act, thank goodness, a sudden gust
of managerial wind whisked it away, but,
although one should be able to "nuell the
visions of the inmost eye when they rise
sinfully," one remembers to the end that
that table cover, in whose fringe one's
nerves are knotted, had covered that ta
ble. May It never appear again. Who
one t t. CHARLQTTE THOMPSON.
Midweek Dramatic Notes.
At the Columbia Theater this evening
Charles Frohman will present Henry Mil
ler and the special company in an artistic
production df "Hamlet." The revival of
this great Shakespearean drama will
i have a cast of particular strength, and
-cenic ami costume embellishments
there will be absolutely nothing lacking.
Erfwin Stevens has been specially engaged
to play the King of Denmark. The play
! will be given for three nights and a Sat
urday matinee. Next Monday "Brother ,
Officers," a London Garrick Theater sue-:
• ess, will be given a first presentation in
this country.
'Madame Sans Gene" will be played at
the California to-night and for the re
mainder of the week. Monday evening
will witness th<- first production on any
stage of Mr. < Ilinton Stuart's "A Fairy
Godmother."
In the wake of suc^ss and popular com
mendation, Miss Florence Roberts will
follow her "Rom< o and Juliet" at the
Alcazar by another play of ancient writ- i
ing and pronounced worth. "The Lady of
Lyons." Miss Roberts has given the play
many months of careful study and will
no doubt be a charming Pauline. In the
role of Melnotte, Miss Roberta will find
capable support in White Whlttlesey ■
who in his characterization this week of
Romeo has won much admiration. Mark!
Thall. who has just returned from the
Bast, announces the production of many
attractive plays for thf coming season.
"Captain Letterblair," "Lord Chumley" ;
and "The Manicure" are of the list.
At the Grand Opera-house "Boccaccio" I
is doing an excellent business. The new I
march, the new people and the excellent !
chorus seem to have made a hit.
"Lucia" and "Alda" on alternate nights
have crowded the Tivoli to the limit of
Its capacity. The grand opera season will
no doubt be a great success.
The best bill seen at the Orpheum for
many months Is now offered to its pat
rons Idalene Cotton and Nick Long and
many other attractions are entertaining
large audiences. Next week Mile. Damar,
a famous Russian singer and stage
beauty, makes her appearance. t
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1899.
TO COUNTERACT
NEGLIGENCE OF
HEALTH BOARD
Vaccination Bureau to
Be Established.
MONEY IS APPROPRIATED
SERIOUS ACCIDENTS DEMAND
ING SPEEDY ATTENTION.
Supervisors Come to the Aid of City
and Physicians Volunteer Their
Services Gratis to
Patients.
The second day under the new regime
instituted by that most humane body, the
San Francisco Board of Health, was very
much like the first, with the exception
that the arrogance and indifference of the
Health Officers of this city have provok
ed outside assistance for the needy and
the unfortunate victims of accidents de
manding Immediate attention.
The Supervisors have acted, and they
promise the Health Board $417 monthly
for the purchase of 3000 points of virus.
This will permit of free vaccination to the
many applicants who have sought inocu
lation but were refused. Dr. Max Klonk
has offered his services gratis and with
one or two other volunteering physicians
will establish a vaccinating bureau in the
old place. The bureau will be open this
morning at ii o'clock and the work of in
oculation will begin. Over 200 parents
have registered, and they will be notified
by the Health Department.
The resolutions of the Supervisors were
the work of Aigeltinger and Holland and
has been signed by Fhelps, Attinger, Per
rault, Kalben and Black. It is as fol
lows:
To the Honorable the Board of Health of the
City and County of San Francisco— Gentlemen :
Owing to the fact that your honorable board
have leemed it your duty to stop the free
vaccination of children your attention is re
spectfully called to the following preamble and
ilutiona signed by members of the Board of
Superviaora to avert the danger of suspending
vaccination, the Intention being to afford here
after sufficient means to enable this important
duty to our citizens to be continued:
\Vhereas, The present conditions relative to
free vaccination of children has ceased by
virtue of the action of the Board of Health,
that board alleging as a reason the insufficient
amount as provided by this board in their esti
mate for the maintenance of said department;
and whereas, the admission of our children to
the common schools is Inhibited unless they
present a proper certificate of vaccination; and
whereas, recognizing the necessities of afford
ing our citizens the privilege of having their
children admitted to and receive the benefits
of tuition In our common schools, various physi
cians have volunteered to perform this service
•I BUpplled with the virus necessarily required.
Then fore
Resolved That the undersigned members of
this ard! on behalf of this city and county,
hereby pledge themselves to vote for and order
paid all demands for the virus required to vac
cinate all children and other persons who are
unable to pay for said service.
Resolved, That the attention of the Board of
Health is respectfully called to this Important
Bubject and In order to nfford all opportuni
ties to our citizens said board Is respectfully
requested to accept the services of all compe
tent physicians to perform the service and to
announce by publication that free vaccination
as formerly will be accorded to all In the of
fice of the Health Department as formerly car
ried on and conducted.
The most important case yesterday
which shows the necessity of the continu
ous operation of a receiving hospital was
that of Walter Coffey, a son of the ex-
Supervisor. Tuesday night Coffey was ar
rc ated for drunkenness ami discharged
yesterday morning. He began his alco
holic excursion upon his release and wan
dered over to the patrol wagons by the
entrance to the City Prison. Driver Hrp
i.l.-r advised him to go home, and CofTey
started "ff, but returned. Heppler went
Into the police office, and upon his return
!',.un<l Coffey unconscious on the floor.
Coffey had leaned against the wagon and
was kicked by the horse, his right arm
being shattered to splinters. Coffey was
put in the wngon and driven toward the
Receiving Hospital, but one of the horses
•vi! on the corner af Grove and Larkln
■-. I >r. Tltlntz learned of the case
and went to Coffey's assistance. He was
carried into the Receiving Hospital, Dr.
Helntz attending to him at once, as he
feared the sufferer would Meed to death
If carted to the City and County Hos
pital.
E. V. Borden, a member of the Oregon
Regiment, was knocked down in a fight
on the corner of I>arkin and Ellis streets
yesterday afternoon, receiving a deep
gash in the chin. He was refused attend
ance at the Receiving Hospital, so Ser
geant Wolf and Officer Shaw doctored
him to the best of their ability.
RELATIVES MEET.
Arrangements for the First
Meal to the Returning
Soldiers.
Yc-Fterday the association of parents and
relatives of men in the First California
Volunteers held a meeting in the armory
of the National Guard at Sls Ellis street.
The relatives representing the several
companies of the regiment organized for
the purpose of working to secure dona
tions of money from relatives to meet the
expense of the feast that will he given to
the beys immediately after landing. Mrs.
Charles J Burke was chosen chairman
for Company A, Mrs. V. Balr for Com-
Dany B Mrs. C. C. Goodale for Company
C Mrs T. C. McCreigh for Company D,
Mrs W A. Clack for Company E, R. C.
Rockwitz for Company F Mrs T. W.
Sparrowe for Company G, Mrs. Mary Mc-
Keon for Company H, A. Son for Com
pany I J. R- Young for Company X, T.
J Foley for Company L and Mrs. Samuel
Seymour for Company M of the regiment.
Mrs. H T. Morton was chosen chairman
for the Heavy Artillery.
The announcement was mane that on
Friday evening there will be a meeting of
the association in the armory on Ellis
street for the purpose of hearing reports
from the several chairmen as to the mat
ter of collections and to arrange for the
meal that is to be prepared, but as it is
not known when it is to be served the
association is undecided whether to call
it a breakfast or a lunch.
It was announced that Company M will
establish headquarters at the residence
of Mrs. Charles Rchn at 2030 Mission
street, where thoee interested can obtain
Information or make donations. Company
B will establish its headquarters at the
Page-street armory and there will be
some one there every day from 10 o'clock
this morning. The majority of the com
panies will rendezvous at the Ellis-street
armory, where contributions will also be
received.
During the meeting there was pome dis
cussion as to whether General Shufter,
Governor Gage, Adjutant General Sea
man and Mayor Phelan should be invited
to take part in the festivities with the
parents and relatives.
The trend of the discussion was that if
the invitations were limited to the five
named they wouM be welcomed, but there
appeared to be some objection to having
the Staff of each of tiie military gentle
men No action was taken in the matter
and It will probably be further discussed
before the executive committee.
The announcement was made that the
executive committee had decided to issue
badges, which will admit parents and
relatives into the ferry building, to
fathers mothers, brothers, sisters and
children and such other relatives as may
be entitled to receive the same. These
will be ready for distribution at the Ellis
street armory after to-morrow, and those
who wish them and can establish their
claim to them will be able to receive them.
They will be furnished at cost— s cents
each No one without a badge will be
admitted into the building.
The Order of Knights and Ladles of
Honor, which some time ago gave an en
tertainment for the benefit of the boys in
blue, has donated the sum of $25 to the
fund' of this association out of the remain
der of the amount realized by the enter
tainment.
During the meeting books were distrib
uted to those who are to collect funds.
It is said that the Queen of Sweden's
enthusiasm for the Salvation Army and
its works has caused a certain amount of
dissatisfaction to be felt at court by
those who do not feel in sympathy with
the army's methods.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MARRIAGES OF
CHILDREN END
WITH SORROW
Little Laura Graham
Is Now Free.
WEDDED FOUR MONTHS AGO
BUT FIFTEEN WHEN SHE WAS
LED TO THE ALTAR.
Another Wife Who Was Married as
a Child Must Produce More Evi
dence Befora Being
Given a Decree.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, J
908 Broadway, Aug. 2.
Two wives, who married at the romantic j
age of 15, have sought the aid of the dl
voroe court to set them free.
I,aura J. Graham has been granted a
divorce after about four months of mar- i
rled life. In the early part of the pres- |
ent year she met Graham, and after an :
acquaintance of two weeks they were
married. She was but a girl of 15 years,
and knew nothing of the world or of the :
responsibilities of housekeeping. Her j
dream of happiness soon vanished. For I
one week after her marriage she and her
husband lived together pleasantly. Dur- j
ing the next week they began to quar
rel, and after seven weeks of living un- j
der the same roof the little girl went
back to her mother and told her that she j
wns tired of married life.
The child recited many instances of be
havior on the part of her husband that
appeared to be almost cruel. Apparently
his love for the child died out as fast as j
that of the young wife's, for at the end (
of two months he was quite willing that
somebody else should keep her and that
she should apply for a divorce. He de
clined to support her or supply her with |
a home, and three months after the wed- i
ding an application for divorce was filed, j
ar.-i now I,aura is at liberty to try mat
rimony again.
Mrs. Francis Claflin, a very handsome
young woman, was married some years '
■ ago when she al?" was a young girl. For
I a few years affairs were comparatively
' smooth in their borne In Massachusetts,
] but when she arrived at the age when
I young women are generally supposed to
: he turning their thoughts to matrimony,
| conditions were so unpleasant that she '
i was forced to leave her husband. Jeal
j ousy was the great difficulty, and Claflin
i tried to school his wife in the belief that
I her proper place was pre-eminently the
j kitchen, and that parlors, drawing-rooms
I and reception-rooms might be for hus
bands and their friends, but not for a i
wife. This behavior drove. Mrs. Claflin ;
from home, and after residing in Oakland
some years she told her troubles to the
court. As she left her husband and there i
is no proof that he is not willing to pro- '
vide her a home, and as Mrs. Claflin al
[< ceil desertion and failure to provide as
reasons for being granted a divorce, the
court has seen tit to delay the issuance
of the decree until such time as she can '
produce more positive evidence that the
separation was the fault of her husband.
Susan A. Wigginton's Estate.
OAKLAND, Aug. 2.— J. F. WlKginton
petitioned the Superior Court to-day for
letters of administration on the estate of ,
his sister, Susan Amanda Wigglnton, who '
died intestate in Fresno County about
May V>. 189Z The estate, consisting of a
one-sixth interest in certain bank stocks
and real estate in Alameda. Tulare, San
Mateo, Fresno, Kings and Kern counties. '\
1b valued at about $8000. The heirs are
the mother of deceased, Sarah E. Wiggin
ton, the petitioner and another brother. '
Wirt Blair Wigglnton, residing in Oak
land.
FATAL ACCIDENT TO
A CRIMEAN VETERAN
t AMES O'KANE, a well-known citizen, was Instantly killed yesterday «
I morning in the Pacific Transfer Stables at 314 Xatoma street by falling
• I forty feet through a chute used for moving hay. O'Kane was engaged T
♦ t I In trucking bales of hay on the third story to the mouth of the chute,
a VJ and after depositing one of the bales on the chute he slipped, the weight %
1 of the truck causing him to lose his balance and pitch headlong into +
* the chute. He fell a distance of forty feet to the concrete floor below.
• O'Kane was 68 years old and had an eventful history. He was a veteran •
+ of the Crimean War, and was present at the capture of Sebastopol. He was f
A for many years a member of the Royal Artillery, and served in Russia and f
i In<l!a. Coming to the United States, Mr. O'Kane became naturalized and ■
t was on the police force of this city for some years. ♦
9 He was a native of Ireland and a hostler by occupation. The body was Q
+ conveyed to the Morgue and an inquest will be held. +
NATIVE SONS.
Notes From the Headquarters
at the California Hotel.
At the headquarters of the Native Son?
and Daughters in the California Hotel
yesterday fhere was presented a patriotic
cap which it is thought might be distrib
uted to the school children on the day of
the parade, to be. worn by them so as to
make a distinctive feature for the purpose
of distinguishing the pupils of the public
schools. The matter will be brought be
fore the executive committee at Its next
meeting.
A letter was received from w. J. Mar
tin of the citizens' executive committee
announcing that that committee will
gladly co-operate with the Native Sons'
and Daughters' committee.
Presidio Parlor was the first of the Na
tive Sons' parlors to respond to the invi
tations sent out. It accepted the invita
tion, and while the parlor did not disclose
what feature it would Introduce in the
parade it gave assurance that it would do
its share and produce something unique.
The commanding officer of the Firs:
Veteran Reserve of California, located In
Oakland, asked that he be notified by tel
egraph as soon as the Sherman Is sighted,
so that word could bo sent to the members
of his command in order that they could
come over with a band to take part in the
'mY?^ Lodge of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen responded to the invita
tion received and stated that it will make
a showing with the order in line.
The Sailors' I'nion of the Pacific regret
ted its inability to accept the invitation
to appear in line, for the reason that
nearly all the members of the union are
employed on vessels. _ .
Seven Pines Circle of the Ladies of the
Grand Army of the Republic announced
that as many of th«- members of the circle
have relatives in the returning regiment
the circle as a body could not agree to
make a display in the parade, but that the.
members individually would do all that
they could to give the boys a rousing wel-
Lieiitenant Colonel Geieting called at
headquarters to make suggestions as to
the means to bring to the city regiments
of the National Guard from places outside
of San Francisco. These suggestions will
be laid before the executive committee at
its next meeting.
The Exempt Fire Company of this city
is making arrangements 10 turn out with
the big engine of the old volunteer fire
department. With them will parade the
Sons of Exempt Firemen, and they will be
accorded the Privilege of drawing "Little
'49." the first flre engine used In the city of
San Francisco.
Golden Gate Camp of the Woodmen of
the World has appointed a committee
consisting of Neighbors Steinart. Fahey,
Moses. Wienart and Spear to determine on
the proposition to have a parade of the
Woodmen of this city on the return of the
soldier boys.
PRETTY WEDDING AT
ST. JOHN'S CHURCH
OAKLAND, Aug. 2.— One of tue prettiest church weddings of the sea
son was solemnized at St. John's Episcopal Church at half-past 8
to-night, when Miss Edythe Mac Hutchins, the charming and tal
ented daughter of Mrs. Emma Hutchins and sister of Mrs. Dr. O. T.
Wilson, was made the happy bride of Wesley Pardon Rowland, a son
of Benjamin F. Howland, the retired capitalist.
The church was thronged with frirnds of the young couple, Rev. Dr.
Mynard, St. John's rector, officiated. The altar was beautifully decorated
with magnolias, roses, pinks, ferns and a profusion of sweet peas. The bride
was gowned in white organdie over white satin, trimmed with orange blos
soms. In her luxuriant hair she wore a cluster of diamonds and she carried a
bouquet of white pinks*. The bridesmaid. Miss Grace Muldoon, wore white
silk and carried a bunch of carnations. 11. Frank Howland, brother of the
groom, acted as best man and Dr. O. T. Wilson gave away the bride, his
pister-In-law. R. H. Hammond and William Nearey were the ushers.
After the ceremony a reception was given at the residence of the groom's
parents, 624 Ninth street, where the wedding supper was served at a late hour.
The house decorations were very elaborate, pink and green predominating.
Mr. anil Mrs. Howland have gone to Santa Rosa to spend their honey
moon trip and on their return wiil make their home at s*i3 Market street,
where the groom, who is connected with the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany, has furnished a neat and cozy cottage.
A CHRISTIAN HOME FOR
UNIVERSITY WOMEN
BERKELEY, Aug. 2.— The old Hoffman
house at 2222 Shattuck avenue, formerly
occupied by the. Delta Kappa Epselon
Fraternity, is to be turned over this year
into a home for women students who are
members of the University of California
Young Woman's Christian Association.
This move has been under considtnui>>n
for some time past and it will be tried this
year as an experiment. The house will
be under the care of Mrs. F. H. Robin
son, wife of the Rev. F. H. Robinson,
pastor of the Westminster Presbyterian
Church in West Berkeley. It will be
opened as a home to all women who be
long to the Christian Association, the un
derstanding being that it is to servo as
Ihe headquarters for all the receptions
and the soda! side of the association's
work. The charge for board has been
placed at a nominal figure.
Miss K. M. Bunnell, president of the Y.
W. C. A., in an Interview to-day, said
that before long the women hoped to
found a home of their own, to be rented
and used by themselves exclusively. If
the experiment this year proves success
ful steps will at once be taken to bring it
about.
Foreclosure on a Church.
OAKLAND, Aug. 2. — Sxiit was filed late
this afternoon in the Superior Court by
A. M. Simpson against the First English
Evangelical Lutheran Church and the
Board of Church Extension of the General
ALL SICK WARDS.
The Hospital System at the
Presidio Occupies Ten
Barracks.
Hospital wards have the right of way at
the Presidio now, and if patients con
tinue to come in with no relief to the hos
pital capacity there will soon be nothing
but hospital buildings at the post. At
present there .ire ten sets of barracks de
voted to the use of the hospital Krclce.
Three of these are the new brick barracks
recently erected. There are two more of
these brick barracks now occupied by the
butteries of the Third Artillery forming
the garrison of the post, and by a detach
ment of recruits. It is not unlikely, how
ever, that the recruits will have to leave<
the barracks and go under canvas, and
then it may be that the batteries will
have to follow them.
Colonel Girard. who is In charge of the
entire general hospital system at the post,
says he thinks he will have room enough
for all. however. He is discharging m<?n
as fast as he can, and if his patients get
along well he -expects to have 300 beds
vacant by the time the next hi spital ship
arrives. This will be the Leelanaw..
Harry Qunsy, a recruit, was arrested
last week on one of the city streets, for
begging, and yesterday he was turned
over to the military authorities at the
Presidio. He will be tried for conduct
prejudicial to good order ard military
discipline. He told the Ooliceman he
could get nothing to eat out at the Pre
sidio and that was why he had to oeg.
lie had 70 cents In his pocket at the timo.
Quinsy served in the Fourth Virginia
Volunteers.
Lieutenant J. D. Home, Ninth Cavalry,
arrived at the Presidio yesterday from
Fort Grant. Arizona. H« has been or
dered to this coast to assist in the pur
chase of horses for army purposes. He
will proceed at once to take a trip
through Oregon and Washington.
Private Clinton H. Campbell of the
First Washington Volunteers, who was
reported as being insane, has been de
clered mentally sound and suffering only
from severe mental exhaustion brought
on by the excitement of campaigning. He
will not be sent to the Government asy
lum, as was at first intended, but will be
discharged later on and allowed to go
home with his people.
The quartermaster's department is mak
ing up a pack train of 100 mules and a
wagon train of fifty escort wagons, which
will be shipped to the islands as soon as
possible. With the pack train will go
thirty-six packers.
Among the relics of the Utah batteries
is an old wood and gas pipe cannon cap
tured by a squad of men under Lieuten
ant Hines at Candaba. It is mounted on
an old buggy axle and is as awkward a
looking piece of ordnance as could be
found It was one of several that were
found in the Philippine Hnes. The iri^a
was to load them up with a light charge
of powder and several handfuls of broken
| Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran
I Church in the United States, for the fore
! closure of a mortgage given as security
:on a promissory note dated August 24,
; 1592. and signed Philip Graif, as pastor,
and P. M. Fisher, secretary. The note
i was originally for $5000, but interest to
the amount of $2247 31 has accumulated.
* The church property covered by the mort
'•gage is located at the corner of Grove and
I Sixteenth streets. Simultaneously with the
I commencement of this suit a Us pendens
' was recorded.
SON AGAINST MOTHER.
OAKLAND, Aug. 2.— There promises t
be an exceedingly interesting contest ove
the property of John Krytser, located a
Eighth and Union streets. John Krytse
is an incompetent, and to-day Judg
Greene appointed a son, Charles Krytser
as guardian. Late this afternoon the lat
ter riled suit in the Superior Court agains
his mother, Elizabeth Krytser, whereb
be seeks to have canceled and annuh'd
deed of the property. In his complain
the Bon and guardian ad litem alleges tha
his father for the past year has been i
111-health, and "that on or about July 2
\ <l .~, Elizabeth Krytser, for the purpo ■
wrongfully depriving John Krytser of hi
rty, and well knowing his feebl
condition and that he was mentally In
competent to manage his property and to
transact his business, by threats and per-
Buasiona fraudulently Induced and coerced
John Krytser to execute a deed of the
property to her, and which was recorded
on the same day."
The guardian alleges that there was no
consideration paid for said deed, but it
purports to be upon consideration of love
and affection.
glass, old nails and bits of scrap iron. At
close quarters they might be made ugly
weapons, but their principal charm was
the unexpected assistance they were
likely to give to the enemy by bursting
and killing or severely wounding their
■ >wn crews. Another relic in th<- posses
sion of Lieutenant Hlnes Is a "cigarette"
gun, an antiquated piece of Iron pipe
mounted on a, gunstock. It was= Bupposeo
to be loaded at the muzzle and than a
little more powder was poured in the
touch-hoi^. When the soldier wanted to
shoot he did not have to bother with trig
gers or hammers; he just put the end of
his lighted cigarette to the touch-hole,
and if he were lucky the gun would go
off and not hurt him.
DR. LYNCH LAID TO REST.
Dr. Oscnr Gilbert Lynch, the young in
terne at the Cltv and County Hospital who
died Sunday morning from typhoid fever
contractpd at the hospital, was burled
yesterday from the residence of his
brother-in-law, Dr. T. I. Mahoney, l&S
I'nlk street
Dr. Lynch was a graduate of the Cooper
Medical College of the '9S class and was
assigned as an interne to the City and
County Hospital immediately after his
graduation. While at the hospital he en
deared himself not only to his medical
associates but to all who came in con
tact with him. He contracted typhoid
fever al»>ut twenty-*!* 'lays ago, and al
though receiving the united attention of
Dr. Thomas J. Cmwley. the assistant resi
dent physician, and Interne Dr. Arthur M.
Smith, who succeeds him as interne, he
succumbed to the disease and closed ills
professional career regretted by the mem
bers of his class and a wide circle of ac
quaintances. Dr. Lynch was the son of
Dr. Gilbert Lynch of London. England.
and son-in-law of William P. Pyne of Los
Gatos, whose daughter he married a short
time previous to his death. At the time
of his passing away he was twenty-four
years old A requiem high mass was cele
brated at St. Brigids Church yesterday
morning, aft.-r which his remains were
borne to their last resting-place at Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
■ m ■
WILL OF ELIZABETH MACK.
The will of Elizabeth Mack, who died
July 19, leaving property valued at about
$60,000. was filed for probate yesterday.
The bequests follow: To Emma L. Fisch
er, a sister, $4000; to Mrs. Margaret Han
son, a niece, $I'XK); to Clara A. Cross, a
niece, $1000, in trust for the benefit of Lil
lie McLaren, a niece; to Albert C. Mack,
decedent's husband, all of the real estate
situate In Fresno County. The residue of
the estate is bequeathed in trust to de
cedent's sister, Emma L. Fischer, \ud her
niece, Clara A. Cross, one-half of the In
come to be paid monthly to Albert C.
Mack, her husband, the other half to her
son, Frederick C. Backmuster.
BUNKO MEN'S USUAL TRICK.
George Bell, alias Ed Campbell, alias
"Canada Ed," the prince of bunko men,
appeared In Judge Conlan's court yester
day morning on the charge of grand lar
ceny by trick and device for swindling
John Williams, 330 Minna street, out of $60
by the three-card monte game in a room
at 23 Turk street.
When the case was called "Williams, the
complaining witness, failed to appear, and
Detective Etran said he had been regular
ly subpenaed. The Judge ordered an at
tachment issued for Williams' arrest and
continued the case till to-morrow. The
police think that Bell's friends have been
calling upon Williams to square the case
by paying him the money he lost.
OREGON'S MONKEY IN COURT.
It did not take Judge Mogan long yes
terday to release "Jim," the pet monkey
of the Oregon regiment, from custody,
and when he was delivered over to his
owner, Private Bebb, he was beside him
self with Joy. He climbed all over Bebb,
hugged him and manifested every sign of
being delighted to get among his frienda
again.
John Roblson, proprietor of tho bird
SAYS JEALOUS
WIFE TRIED TO
SHOOT HIM
Morgan Spears Files
Suit for Divorce.
HAD TO SEEK ANOTHER HOME
OBDERED HIM AWAY AT POINT
OF A PISTOL.
Nettie J. Spears of Sanger. Fresno
County, Is the Defendant in a
Bather Sensational
Divorce Suit.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Aug. 2.
Morgan C. Spears, an employe of the
Oakland Transit Company, tiled a rather
.sensational divorce suit against his wife,
Nettie J. Spears, In the Superior Court
this afternoon, charging hi-r with cruelty
and desertion.
Back of the simple statutory grounds
given in the complaint, however, are alle
gations of an experience that might easily
have terminated in his untimely death.
The plaintiff husband charges that his
cruel spouse during November. 1898, in the
city of Fresno, drew a pistol on him dur
ing a fit of extreme jealousy and pulled
the trigger, after ordering him to seek a
home elsewhere, but the weapon missed
tire.
"I am not an expert at dodging bullets,"
says the suing husband, "and though I
thought I might avoid a row she pulled
the trigger before I was aware of it.
Luckily I escaped, and I have never re
turned to her since.
"The defendant hns a hasty, violent
temper," continues Mr. SDears in his com
plaint, "and an intensely jealous disposi
tion; and she has, though without C&US4
or provocation, become very jealous of
plaintiff In regard to his attentions to
other women. Since he left home she has
at various times and within a few months
| written letters to him accusing him of be
ing 1 untrue.
3 The plaintiff believes that she still en-
S tertains a like feeling toward him, and
that if he were to live with her again he
1 would be in imminent danger of violence
! and great bodily injury at her bands."
Spears alleges also that hie wife fre
quently, in the presence of their four chil
dren, accused him of having improper re
lations with divers women at Sanger,
where Mrs. Spears resides.
Though Mrs. Spears' version of the mat
rimonial tribulations and differences of
their household has not been beard it is
understood she will appear to contest the
suit most bitterly.
A Berkeley Wedding.
BERKELEY, Aug. 2.— The wedding of
! F. \V. Wetmore and Miss Nettie T. Mil
■ lor took place last night at the home of
1 the bride's aunt, Mrs. Dr. Ellen Moore, at
2^iK> Shattuolc avenue. The bride was
tastefully arrayed in white, with white
! carnation bouquet and ornaments.
She is well known in Berkeley and Oak
; land, having graduated from the Oakland
; High School, and has been a popular so
ciety belle in that city for some time.
The groom is an English mining engi
neer, an Oxford man and well connected
', in English and social army circles.
The n*-wly married pair left on Their
\ bridal tour through Southern California
' immediately after the ceremony, which
waa performed by Rev. George B. Hatch.
A pet thrush owned by a New York man
nang so long and loudly in the early morn-
' l ing that formal complaint was entered be
fore a magistrate. The latter ordered the
i bird to be kept indoors and the cage cov
| ered with a dark cloth until a reasonable
hour in the morning.
store on Kearny street where "Jim" had
been sold for $5, testified that a sick sol
dier sold the monkey to him on July 15
for $5. telling him that a lady in Alameda
belonging to the Red Cross Society would
willingly give $10 for him. Robis^n wrote
to the lady, who called at the store and
aald she had been promised the monkey
as a present from a sick soldier and she
refused to pay for It. The Judge advised
Roblßon to find the sick soldier and prose
cute him. About thirty soldiers were in
court to testify as to "Jim's" Identity.
HURT BY A FALLING PLANK.
Mrs. Rahll, an elderly woman, living at
1300 Stevenson street, was seriously In
jured yesterday afternoon by being struck
with a portion of a board fence at Mar
ket street, near Van Ness avenue. The
unfortunate woman was walking along
the street when the fence collapsed and
several of the planks struck her, knock-
Ing her to the sidewalk. She was picked
up In a semi-conscious condition and re
moved to a drugstore. She soon recov
ered, but complained of severe pains in
the chest and back. As she refused to
go to the hospital, Police Officer Hemenez
took her to her home In a carriage.
Webster School Pupils.
Seventy-two pupils of the Webster
School, which was recently abolished,
were transferred to the Jefferson School
yesterday. One-half of the entire attend
ance of the Webster Is located in the dis
trict bounded by Fourth and Seventh
streets and south of Minna. Whlttier
School will take care of about 300. and tha
rest will KO to Lincoln. The teachers all
piefer the latter school, but some will not
have their desires gratified.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
imoii
THE OIL BOOM WILL CATCH YOU IF
YOU DON'T
WATCH OUT.
STILL TRYING TO MAKE UP YOUR MIND.
We have 2000 acres In this great oil belt
where wells are flowing 1000 barrels a day, de-
velopments to commence at once. The man-
agement of our company Is In the hands of
men whose^ names are a guarantee of \ honest
handling. A few shares purchased now at
$3 50 may give you an Income for life. Pric«
goes up August IS to
$4 Per Share.
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Co.,
322-3 Parrott Building, San Francisco.
PROSPECTUS FREE.
j/^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jßLrf-Jfcjfii 625 KEABXY XT. Kstablleaed
■VfV^Vnß in 1804 for the treatment ot Private
E& JJLi&Br Diseases, Manhood. Debility or
625 UEABXI HI {established
In 1884 for tho treatment >i i'rivate
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
f*H3s&99u disease wearing on body and mlndand
?ImSBm3K 81tln DlfeeaBPS.Thedoctorcures.vhen
>£&fi&! EsaotbeisfrJL Try him. Churges low
g^SSaBI BSfnrmguariinlOfd. Ciilorwrita
»r. 4. S?. wIBBOIIt Box 1957, Sac FraocUca
910
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Pnn Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 32 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock.
800 Hayes street: open until »:30 o doc*.
treet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o dock.
2Cin Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street: open until 9 o clock.
K26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; cnen until P o'clock.
MKETIXfi NOTICES;^-
A
EVENING. Aupust S, order 3 ? > c.0.-k. A*
Master. __FR_j_KLl X H. DAY, Sec.
gSSffi THlf (T^URSDA^ Jl
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Mission s_2\
Masonic Temple,' COOS Mission s_ Bus!- 7. v
lies- ana Royal Arch Degree. By order of the
HP JOHN It. HILLMAX, Sec._
SOUTH Pan Francisco Lodge No. 212 . F. ■
and A. Stated meeting lini)^»V
EVENING, a- ii o'clock. 7%y\
E. C. HARE, Becretary. / >
DORIC Lodge No. 210. F. and A. M.— B
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _J%_
EVENING, (tt 7:30 o'clock. By order T^^T
of the ister. " ' ~
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
CANTON San Francisco No. 5, P. M. 1. ft> /*
OOF Special meeting THURS- \f
DAY, Augi:st 3. at 8 p. m.; also to /X ,
attend the Installation of officers ir.^ X
Wlldey Encampment.
G. H. WILSON, Clerk.
"WILDFY Encampment No. 2S| I. O O. CV A
F.— rnstallai of (1 ers THls'V
(THURSDAY) EVENING in Encamp- S\
ment H_ll. Odd Fellows' Building. • X
, F.. A. HERMANN. C. P.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15, I. O i^ffVSltfk.
O. F.— Initiation to-nicht. _ _^ g|j^gßj|g|j
CHAS. WILSON, N. G.
W. H. BROTT , ' bt'Ct 2_! _ _
ANNUAL meeting— The Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works— annual meetinz of the
ptockholders of the Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, for the election of trustees for the I
ensuing year and the transaction of such |
other business as may be brought before the I
meeting, will be held nt the 1 fflce of the com-
pany, southeast corner of Beale and Howard ;
tte.. Pan FrancißCo. on rjONDAY, the 7th
day of August. 1899. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
E. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St., designs, audits _
adjusts accounts foi corporations .v nrma; ref.
—~ "~~ *
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma- :
rulre (ei-Congrtfsman) and James L. Galla- I
gber (ex-City and County Attorney) havo j
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
Ing, E25-SSS Market st. ; tel. South 21J. !
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, &50 Market, cor. Stocktn. !
2CAGLE & NAGLE. Attorneys-at-Law. Emma j
Spreckels Building, 9J7 Market st. I
3. R. PARK I !>l*> Market Bt.. room 67: advice j
free; charges low; business pushed. j
L S CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 527
Market ; consultation free; no fees in advance, j
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
vs.- PAVinfiX. 527 Market St.. opp. Mason. .
HOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTKL" FAIRMOITNT— Strictly first-class: 1714
Market Bt . 8. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan: elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board a-nd room, ?1 per day up; j
suites without board, $! per day: single rooms, :
50c; special rates by month, also to tourists.
AT 415 First st.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. $5 a week up; Swedish home: parlor.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Clean comfortable roorrm;
good home cooking: special rates to g?nts.
POWELL, 30? (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union j
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches.
SI'NNY home for children, near school: large
grounds; mother's care; $T, to $10 per month. j
MISS WILSI 138 West Mission, near 13th.
SUTTER, 1128- Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden; home cooking.
TT'RK. 116— Wanted, table arders, weekly- or j
monthly: best table: no Chinese cooking. j
BOARDING FOR CHILDI_Uf.
GOOD home for one or two children over two ',
years old; reasonable. Address box 1135, Call.
WANTED- Infant to board; $10 a month. 210
Lexii ■ ■ aye.. near Nineteenth Ft. |
yo BOOKS— NEW AM) OL1»,
BCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes F...- k Cc. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— sl2so; SALOON on Third St., olose to Call j
building: rent $80 established years and pay-
Ing splendidly; invesl soon; a rare
chance. R. >j. WILKE, t»)6 Market st. I
$16i)0; CORNER grocery and bar, with living
rooms; low rent; estab. years; nrst-claas pay-
ing- very best location on Hayes st.: owner
to leave the city. WILKE, Mfl Market st.
Jl— s3so; BAKERY in lively country town, close j
to the city; rent $20; daily sales, $20; all cash j
store trade; full valuo in sight. Call R. G.
WILKE. SO6 Market. Bt. j
>_— $650; SALOON; elegantly furnished; estab- !
llshed many years and doing an average
busineaa of $15 per day; card rooms; cash
register; safe; fine oil paintings; located
close to Palace Hotel; rent $50; lease. Call
R. G. WILKE, SMi Market St. 1
DEATH 'of owner cause of great sacrifice; «a- I
loon with mercantile lunch; established years;
rent low; clearing above $150 per month; lease;
close to Palace Hotel. Particulars of R. G.
WILKE. t-W Market st. .
A— $1100; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon in
wholesale district; established years; clearing 1
above $150 per month, only cause of sale dis- 1
agreement of partners. WILKE, 906 Market. i
*1000— W AN TE D — A partner to act as treas-
urer In a vaudeville show under circus can-
vas- will guarantee profits to Investor $300
per month. Call WILK.IE & CO.. SO6 Market.
|500— CORNER grocery and bar, In best part
Western Addition; present owner there 5
yaars: must be sold at once on account of
settlement of estate. LESS _ CO., 765 Mrkt.
|7DO— LODGING house, 14 rooms; well furnished;
excellent location; steady roomers- Al tran- ]
eient tradr; investigate. LESS & CO.. 765 Mkt. !
1400— FIRST-CLASS restaurant with 6 living i
rooms; excellent location; well-established;
receipts $15 day; must be sold; rare, bargain; ;
investigate. >J. LESS & CO., 766 Market St.
4125; BRANCH bakery and tai_ale parlor;
worth $300. KREDO & CO.. 22' 2 Geary st.
Jl $200- cigar stand near Market; daily receipts
$10; a bargain. KREDO _ CO., 22& Geary st.
Jl $2S00; drug store; will Invoice price asked;
$30 dally. KREDO & CO., 22V_ Geary St.
O— COFFEE saloon near Wells-Fargo's new
bldg- old estab; must be sold to-day; sickness
cause of sale. M. LESS _ CO., 765 Market.
*176 — CIGAR stand; bargain this day; depart-
ore cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
7774 Market 6t.
— FRI'IT store, doing splendid business,
with good horse and wagon; owner compelled
to sell on account of sickness. McLAUGH-
LIN _ CO.. 777H Market st.
•g5(i — CANDY, soda and ice-cream parlors In
good country town. Apply DECKER, 1020 Mkt
»1000— MEAT market; established for years;
clearing $150 month. DECKER, 1020 Market.
COAL, wood and express business clearing $150
month; established 12 years; retiring cause
of sale. W. B. DENNISON, 783'^ Market st.
A CIGAR store at great bargain this day.
COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
1400— CANDY store. Ice cream factory; fine lo- •
cation; elegant fur. BECK, 935 Market st.
135 000— TWO free gold quartz claims; ledge 20
to 24 feet wide. BASILE. 3 Kddy st.
HALF or full interest in prosperous black-
smith and wagon shop; two flres and turning
lathe; water power; center of town: retire j
on account of age. Apply J. G. BISBEE,
Auburn, Cal.
GROCERY— Good stock and fixtures: horse and
wagon; paying order route: cheap; must be
sold at once. Apply to W. HOLLING at
TILLMAN fc BENDBI/g.
FOR sale—A good home bakery; for particulars
inquire at 2."S"> Market St., near Sixteenth.
J. McELLIGOTT
COFFF.E and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 412 Sacramento st.
PROMINENT corner on Market St.; a cigar
and tobacco business. J. M., box 1130, Call.
$350— RESTAURANT and 8 furnished room;-; 20
miles from city: regular boarders and tran-
sient trade; good reason for selling. Address
box 902, Call office^ .
PARTNER wanted— Well known navigator
wants a party with some capital to invest In
vessel property, paying large profits; investi-
gate. Address box 1123. Call office.
AN old astablished barber shop; 4 rooms J
chairs, fixtures; complete; rent cheap. Ad-
dress 11C5 Howard st.
PARTNER In established nursery business in
Sacramento: experience more essential than
capital. Address box 160, Sacramento, Cal.
ANTED— Partner In florist store, doing good
business, old established trade; or will sell.
Address box 1099, Call.
BUSINESS — Continued.
CITY front saloon and lunch house, billiard
table, etc.; clearing $100 monthly; call to-
day; (460. HEALY, 917 Market St.
ORNER grocery and bar; Western Ad-
dition: living rooms; full value In stock, eto.
HEALY, 917 Market St.
$125— LADIES, attention; branch bakery, candy,
etc. rooms. HEALY, 917 Market st.
HMRDRESSING and manicure store; fair
stock; investigate; bargain. Box 4591. Call.
CIGAR and stationary store; -low rent; long
lease. 256 Third st.
PARTIES to furnish money to develop gold
mine; fortune for both. Box 1101. Call office.
A BONANZA from the grass roots; partner
wanted, with small capital, to work sluice
claim; will pay $20 a shovel; money to be ex-
pended by Investor In ditch and sluices. M.
RUSSELL. Golden Wegt Hotel.
FOR Grocery and liquor store; very old
etand; situated at corner of Pine and Du-
pont, city; own.rs wishing to retire from the
retail business; a good chance for one or two
persons with a moderate carltal. For fur-
ther information Inquire ut LENORMAND
BROS., SW^. cor. Pine and Dupont sts.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale In one of the
be t towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars inquire at this office.
BLACKSMITH shop, building, tools: country;
clearing $200 month; cheap. MRS. E., 3oa
Fifth rt. _____
FOR SALE— Lark saloon, 12 Seventh st. Odd
Fellows' building; make offer.
MILLINERY store; nice location; good busi-
ness; reasonable. 1034 Valencia st.
$500— PARTNER wanted, good house. 50 rooms.
furnished, central; single man preferred. _ox
1019, Call. .
WANTED— By barber, one or two chair shop
In country town. Box 1091, Call.
GOOD barber shop for sale. Inquire 14U Mont-
gomery aye.
BECK & CO. NOAH F. FLOOD. Attorney.
Buy. sell and exchange real e«tate and busi-
ness chances; loans and collections made. 935
Market et.
HALF interest in an established paying ho-
tel; price $1500. 1007H Market, nr. 6th, r. 2.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith shop for sale cheap;
in city. Box 1479, Call office.
FAMILY boarding-house; steady boarders: 14
rms.. all occupied; bargain. AC. .box 71. call.
BARGAIN-Meat market; $250: splendid lo- ;
callty: cash busines.-. Apply owner. 506 Castro.
• IRRIAGES \M> WAGONS.
HEAVY express, laundry and peddling wag-
ons, fine surrey, cheap horses. 1(134 Mission.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness, j
etc., cheap. FGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS pecond-hand harness; wagon* carts,
buggies, surre} s and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become diFgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama Bt.; tel. S. 40.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
'453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 225: lowest rates. I
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., -("2 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at So.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.": cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 30S Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'B Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gute aye.: tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
DTICA Cleaning and Tnilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Oftlce and factory. 21 Spear Pt. :
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR VAL,
Th.- world's greatest clairvoyant and trance
medium has arrived In San Francisco and
located at 1130 Market st. The recognized
leader of clairvoyance and occult science.
Do you wish to know facts you should
know? If you will succeed In your under- j
takings? If you will win your lawsuit? If j
j iur domestic troubles will soon end? If you ]
will obtain your ambition? If you are loved? j
If you will succeed in your love affairs? 1: i
Flck will you be cured? If past troubles j
will torment you? It you are lucky in spec- j
ulati. Do you wish information you ought |
to have concerning your ruture? Does an-
other share the love and attention that should j
b<-. ng to you?
Causes Speedy and Happy Marriages.
Guarantees Success in All Cases.
Call and be convinced.
PROFESSOR VAL,
No. 113«i — Market st.-.No. 1130. 1
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells
pnt>t and future; cures disease by sympathy;
never falls; has the seven seals, the greatest
Egyptian secret of the world; shows picture
of future husband or wife; gives lucky num-
bers: advice in all speculation, love and legal
affairs; any one consulting the madaine will
be convinced that she is no sham; tius on
races; prices 2."> c and UD. Come and you
v.-ill be surprised. 810 Howard st., near Fifth.
Give satisfaction to everybody. |
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and ,
card reader; born with double veil, and second
sight; diagnosis disease; full life readings;
la3les, 50c; gents. $1: sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley: tells your life from .
cradle to grave, BOc. $1 up. 106 Taylor, par.3-5.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist; past, !
present and future, 25c. 14S Sixth St.. room 12.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2S Sixth st.. rooms 2-3.
MME MOREAU. the beet medium and card j
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar. ; 25c. 1322 Mission.
MME. AUGUST. 1149 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay: 25c.
CONSULT on matters of business, health and
happiness LAJHI, the Psychic. 120 A Eddy st.
MME RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 2fic: ladles. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
COLLECTION OFFICES-
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 527 Market st
~~ COTTAGES TO LET.
CORNER bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath, gas;
cottage of 6 rooms. 1576 15th St., nr. Dolores.
FLORENCE, 9, bet. Broadway and Vallejo,
Taylor and Jones sts.— Cottage, 5 rooms, $10.
JIO— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms; water
free. 103 Collins Bt., near Geary.
DENTISTS.
A— DR T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors, 927
Market at., over Cafe Zlnkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gaa or
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1; other fillings, from &0c;
plates, from $4 50; flesh colored plates, from
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate: fill-
ings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth ft.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 803 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. U 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O;Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by bis wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students : guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given. '
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
MEYER, 6 Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— 50c up; crowns,
$8 up: open evenings. S5O Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, San
— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering — theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teacherß; individual instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
studrnts can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80- page cata-
log free.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte. vocal music, piano,
violin, Journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 Instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg., S. F.
•'EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
lneas College. 205 Larkln st., opp. City Hall.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI_T_, THURSDAY, AUGUST- ■ 3. 1899.
EDI CATION A_»,
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges teachers' examinations, etc.; special
courses in all English branches, languages,
mathematics, sciences, etc.; evening classes;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, Knglish branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $ 0; low rates per week and ma
A— HOPF'S Singing, Piano School; summer
rateu %: French, Spanish daily. Merc. Ll-
brary, KM Golden Gate, r. 5-6-7; hours, 2 to 8.
A LADY teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly;
60c an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bub. College, 12.>b Markt.
M O BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
ing mech. survey, assay, archi. day and eye. ;
est. ISM. VAN I'KH NAILLEN. U33 Market.
ENGLISH literature, classes or prlvte; special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Elirman, 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German: pupil of conservatory In
Leipsic; lessons, 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
LAW Schools, 927 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
dayand night; terms low. 1024 Mission nr. 6th.
THE Studio, 1033 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net cornet, English and German, 50c lesson.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds <
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. -i:C Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Female.
YOUNG woman with a child desires situation
at light housework or housekeeper; city or
country. MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter J^-__
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation;
best local references; city or country. Apply
MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. Telephone
Grant 1-0.
FIRST-CLASS American cook desires situation;
rstands all branches of cooking; city or
country; best of reference. MISS 'D. CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation;
good cook and worker; 3 years last
place; city or country. MISS D. CULLEN.
325 Butter si.
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurae wants position in
city or country; best city references. MISS
H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter, phone Main 651.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; under-
stands all kinds of cooking; best ref.. city or
country. MISS. H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter
St., phone Main 6;"1.
COOK. French and German style, superior on t
pastry, Ices, meats, soups, etc. French de-
scent, American born; with best of refer-
ences; wish situation In American family If
possible. A choice cook for some family |
can be had of J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st.
YOUNG girl would like to take care of a.
child over a year old. Please call at CIA !
Z'oe st., bet. Third and Fourth. Bryant and
Brannan.
LADY, stranger in the city, desires situation j
as housekeeper; good home more of an object
than wages; city or country. 310 Mason St.,
room 1.
TAILORESS and dressmaker, 8 years' experl-
ence with first-class firms, desires appoint-
ments by the day; tailor gowns a specialty.
589 O'Farrell St., near I/eavenworth.
GOOD Swiss couple without children, lately
from Europe, wish situations; man as gar-
dener wife as cook; 4 years at last place;
references. 10«^ Third st.
COMPETENT young woman wishes situation
to do general housework and cooking in pri-
vate family. Call 3329 Twenty-second St..
near Valencia.
GERMAN girl wishes to do second work or
genera] housework; wages $15. Please call
2 Tay St., ofT Clay. bet. Powell and Mason.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes situation
at light housework, mending, etc.; will sleep
home: wages $15. Box 1131, Call.
OLD German lady, good housekeeper, would
like position in small family or to mind
baby. 3SO Geary St., near Mason. .
RESPECTABLE Kirl wishes a situation for
h >usework and plain cooking; kind to child-
ren. 748 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED woman wishes a situation afl
a cook and laundress, or will do housework.
In a private family. 10% Eighth st.
WANTED— PIace as cook by respectable col-
ored woman, with references. 1120 Powell |
St.. near Jackson. !
COMPETENT nurse would like the care of i
\. ung children in city, plain sewing or light
upstairs work. Call 1517 Turk st.
GIRL wants situation to do general house- ]
work and cooking in American family; no
postals answered. Apply at 756 Mission St.
YOUNG woman wishes position to take care of ;
children or assist in light housework. Ad- j
dress box 12. Call Branch, 300 Hayes St.
. YOUNG lady wishes a position as housekeeper.
Call at 719 Maxket St., room __^ j
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
cleaning. Call at 460 Unden aye.
SWEDISH woman wants washing, Ironing or
cleaning by the day. Address 30 Aztec St.. off |
Shotwell. !
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes a few more en- |
gagements as lady's nurse or care of in-
valid. Address Sl2 Howard st.
WANTED— By respectable young lady, posi-
tion as working housekeeper. Address box
1106. Call.
GIRL desires to do upstairs work In family
without children. Address box 1098, Call.
WANTED— competent woman as working
housekeeper; Is good cook and manager of
place In country; has best references. 350 San
Carlos aye.
GERMAN girl wishes situation at general
housework; references. 3491 C Nineteenth st.,
near Valencia.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation to do
general housework In private family; Is a
good cook: wages $20 and $25: city or country.
Call at 1375 Fifteenth St., Oakland.
LADY wishes position as chambermaid in
country or city hotel. Box 1478. Call office.
WANTED— By hospital trained nurse, care of
invalid, or will give massage treatment. Ad-
dress M.. 527 M; Birch aye.
A CULTURED lady with Eastern certificate
would like to Instruct ladles whose education
has been neglected. Address J. E.. care of I
Sherman, clay & Co., cor. Kearny and Sutter.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 26c to $1 fiO night; $1 50 to $6
we.-k: crnvenient nnd respectable; free 'bus
»nd baggage to and from ferry.
— — —i" — — —^^—^—^^»«^^^^"^^^^»
EMPLO VMENT WANTED Male.
PROF. WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
'phone Red 3211. 315 Stockton st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
PAINTING, paperhanglng and tinting; first-
class quick mechanic with best city refer-
; ences; city or country. Box 1136, Call.
MAN and wife desire to take charge of laundry
in an institution; have had several years' ex-
perience; first-class references. Box 1133, Call.
AS bartender; experienced; with best of per-
.nal references from Mr. Wllkins 1 Cliff
House. Barkeeper, 870 Third st.
JAPANESE boy wants situation to do cooking
and housework In family. . F. M., 118 Eddy st.
BEDMAKER, porter or other employment;
speaks French and English. . Address box
1126. Call ofnee.
EXPERIENCED man wishes situation; un-
derstands any kind of ranch work. Address
I. 0.. box 1129. Call.
GOOD coachman and wife would like to have
places In country; wife Is first-class cook.
Call branch office, Kentucky and 22d sts.
BAKER, bread and cakea, wishes position. 605
Taylor st.
MINING — Young man, 24, desires engagement
with gold mining company or mine owner as
amalgamator; understands office and under-
ground work; best references. Apply box
1013, Call.
WANTED— or house cleaning, wall
paper cleaned or other work; have eight
hours every day to spare. ANDERSEN. 952
Bush st. ; telephone East 963.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
the care of lawn, flowers, vegetables, horses
and cows; very handy and willing; refer-
ences; city or country. Box 1096, Call.
ENGINEER wishes position; all-around good
mechanic; used to any kind of engine, also
electrical machinery; young; has first-class
references. Box 1095, Call.
SITUATION by young German in wholesale
house or office; wages Immaterial; not afraid
of work. Box 904, Call.
POSITION as tinner in city or country or In
cannery: first-class workman. Box 1093, Call.
CIVIL engineer, competent in field or office,
wants employment. Box 1494, Call.
INTELLIGENT young man wants position as
bartender or porter; references. Box 1468, Call.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
HIGHEST U. S. army, navy and Government
officials are using Mayerle glasses, GEO.
MAYERLE, German Expert Optician, char-
ter member American Association of Opti-
cians. 1071V4- Market st., San Francisco, Cal.;
glasses fitted by mail.
EXCHANGE. _^_^
ALL FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
&0 houses and lots, from $50u to * 20 '?; X
30 in Oak'ld. Alameda. Berkeley: $50 to. 50,000
44 ranches, from 2 to 2000 acres; $60 t0... W' *_;
45 hotels, rooming, boarding houses: $200 6.000
74 etores, saloon, business places: Jl'W to 4.WW
1 SELL AND EXCHANGE ALL KINDS
OF PROPERTY— WHAT HAVE YOU TO
OFFER? HENRY C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
FLATS TO LET.
aTmTsPECK "i'co", 667 MARKET ST.
810 Fell, 8 r $40 523 Linden ave..4rsll
979 Post. 8 r 37 50 418 Fulton. 3 r.... 9
1720 Page, 6 r 25 2028 Golden Gate.3r 8
794 Lyon, 8 r 25 11057 Golden Gate, 4r 10
3913 1 /jl)evisadero,6r 21 19 Erkson Ct.,4 rll
1225 Hayes, or 20 ! S2O Euchanan, 3 r 8
431 4th aye., 6 r.. 16 1080 Ellis. 3 r 8
913 Buchanan, 5r 15 ' 39 Locust ave.,3r 7dO
FINE sunny flat, 3 large rooms; bath; latest
improvements. Key at 713 Grove st^
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you pet from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery' st.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay window and bath; $12.
716 Natoma et., bet. Eighth and Ninttu
FULTON. 146— Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16.
LEAVENWORTH. 1519— Flat, 5 rooms, bath.
gas; modern improvements; rent $15.
LOWER bay-window flat, 4 large rooms; bath;
yard. 714 Franklin st. ■
SUNNY flat, 8 rooms; also house 15 rooms, cor-
ner; moderate. Apply 542 Haight st.
UPPER flat, 5 nice airy rooms; rent reasona-
ble. 1176 Harrison Bt., bet. 7th and Bth.
2 NICE unfurnished flats. 4 rooms each; water
free; $10 and $11. Apply 12118 Bush st.
•? NEW sunny modern flats. 4 and 6 rooms,
bath each; 1421 Hayes st.. $14, and 955 Golden
Gate aye., $21.
$13 f>o— 297 SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Flat, 5 rooms,
bath, gap, nice yard. _________________
FLATS TO LET F_rnishe«l.
2 FINE furnished bay-window flits I and 3
rooms. Inquire Sl9 Diamond gt. ; rent $20, $12.
FLRNITLKj- FOR SALE.
CARPET— For sale; 93 yards mrKiuette. 27
yards velvet. 40 yards tapestry. 30 yards best
linoleum; all almost new. total cost, $2".">;
bargain. Call to-day, C. R. HANSEN JR.,
104 Geary at.
TAPEfiTRY Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton at.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 11,7-1131 Maik't.
HELP WANTED ABentn.
WANTED— Agents; shirt waist and skirt sup-
porter; entirely new in California; conceded
the best; Immense profits; sample, 2f>c. Ad-
dress MISS M. E. SMITH, 576 Fifteenth St.,
Detroit, Mich. ,
! SOLICITORS wanted for Pan Francisco and
interior cities to sell stock In a corporation ;
j good commission to right parties. Apply box
1107. Call ofllm, with references.
—
HELP WANTED Female.
2 WAITRESSES, same springs, $20, fare paid,
see party at our office 9 a. tn. to-day; ranch
cook, $20; waitress, country liotel, $20. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 clay _t.
WANTED— Protestant cook, small family, no
washing, but some housework. $30; first-class
second girl, $30; German nurse, $25, one child;
3 waitresses for restaurant, $5 and $6 a week;
2 neat waitresses for boarding-houses, $20; 2
second girls, $20; 10 German and Scandinavian
girls for general housework, $25 and J3u;
ironer $42 50; 2 Scandinavian laundresses. $30;
.5 neat young Irish girls for housework, *15
and $20. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO.,
316 Sutter st.
WANTED Girl for housework. 2 In family,
country $25, Alameda $25; Protestant cook aji.l
second girl same house, short distance; cook
for country hotel. $35; waitress, country, $20;
2 German and Scandinavian second girls,
Oakland and San Rafael, $80; Kirl for house-
work, Modesto, and many others. See J. F.
; CROSETT _.■ CO., 316 Sutter at.
WANTED— Neat second girl for short distance
■untry, Santa Clara County; see lady to-
day at our office. J. F. CROSETT _ CO.,
316 Sutter st.
WANTED— 2 first-class waitresses for springs
[ this forenoon; see proprietor at our office;
fare paid both ways; »s situation;
call early. J. F. CROSE7 .'■ ' 0., Sl« Sutter.
WANTED— Colored girl, neat In appeara-
attend doctor's office and wait on door, show
patients into sitting-room, etc., $20. See J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
COLORED Klri. work in doctor's office, $20
per month; a colored girl, country, $20. fare
paid. MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
THREE waitresses, city, $20 each. MISS D.
CUI-LBN, 325 Sutter st. '
i HOUSEWORK, Redwood City, $25; Oakland.
$L';, Modesto, $20; 20 housework girls, $2S and
! $20; 12 young girls to as.sist, $12 and $15.
MISS D. CULLEN. 826 Sutter St.
THREE Mt-^ond Klrls, $2" and $15 each; German
nurse, $20; governess, $20, must speak Ger-
man. MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WOMAN with a- child, $15 per month, country.
see party here. MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
SWEDISH cook, $25. 2 In family. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st. I'hone Main 651.
COOK liotel. San Rafael, $25. MIPS H. CUL-
LINAN, 323 Sutter ft. Phone Main 651.
LADIES desiring first-class help of all nation-
alities can secure same by calling on MISS
H CUI.LINAN, 323 Sutter st. Phone Main
66L
NEAT young girl, light housework, $10 per
month; 2 in family. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter St. Phone Main XL
GERMAN cook and second Birl, city, $25 and
$20 each. MISS EL CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
Phone Main 651.
C. R HANSEN & CO Phrme Grant 185
3 waitresses, first-class commercial hotel, (20,
see party here; 2 waitresses, Stockton, $20;
waitresses for 25 of best commercial hotels.
$20 and $25; head waitress, city. $25: head
waltrpss city $22 50; 2 waitresses, city, $20;
4 chambermaids to wait, $20; 2 woman cooks,
$25 and $30: fancy ironer. $3."i and board; fancy
ironer, country, $30 and found.
FAMILY ORDERS.
Women and girls of all nationalities for
cooking an.l general housework, city and
country, $15 to $80.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GIRL" wanted for general housework and cook-
ing; references required; call between 9 and
12 a. m. 1423 Larkln st.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser and manicurer.
Emporium Hair Dressing Parlor, between 9
and 10 a. m.
YOUNG lady cashier for grocery; must have
experience and recommendations. Box 1115,
• all office.
GOOD hands on vests; also apprentice of ex-
perience. 641V 2 Stevenson st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing; $20; references. 1445 McAllister St.
WANTED— First-class talloresses on custom
pants. 411 Vii Koarny St.
WANTED A tall young lady to attend store;
one understanding hair work. 24 Geary st.
WANTED- A girl to assist In light house-
keeping; to sleep at home. 919 A Sutter st.
WANTED- A lady to asslbt in a Email family.
116 Russ st.
WANTED Dressmaker who understands tailor
stitching; also an apprentice. 1318 Lerkin st.
WANTED -Young lady to assist in housework;
$h month. S2S F.ddy st.
OPKRATORB wanted in factory. 723 Market
st., room 35.
TAILORESS wanted on fine custom coats. 425
Natoma st.
YOUNG lady wanted as housekeeper and care
of sirl I years old; wages $10. 10 Steuart st.
2 GIRLS to set type at 105 Ninth st. to-day.
WANTED— GirI who can make good button-
holes and help on custom coats. 784 Folsom.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats. 924
Market st^
TAILORESS operator on custom coats. 935
Market st.. room IS.
WOMAN to help in kitchen; one who under-
stands cooking. 5 Po!k st.
WANTED- A young girl to assist In house-
work. 1626 Vallejo st.
WANTED— A good girl for general housework.
731 G;e.>n St., n»ar Mason.
GOOD hairdresser wanted; one who ventilates
preferred; good salary. 240 Stockton Ft.
WELL-EXPERIENCED lady for randy store;
call at once. SCHAEFKR'S. 22 Sixth St.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman for house-
keeping and take care of 3 children: Rood
home. Address P. PEDRAZZIMI, Frultvale,
Alameda County.
GOOD finisher wanted on custom coats; steady
work. 410 Kearnv nt., room 33.
LADY to giv, lessons in Spanish. Box 1105,
CalL
WANTED— GirI for general housework: Ger-
man or Danish preferred. 997 McAllister st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general
housework. 1844 Howard St., near Fifteenth.
IRONERS wanted. U. S. Laundry, Sixteenth
st., above Valencia.
FINISHERS on coats; must understand mak-
ing buttonholes and operating; 12 and 1. 251
Eighth st., Oakland.
Z EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators
on boys' knee pants; good pay. 1034 Folsom.
HELP WANTED — Female.
WANTED— 2OO WOMEN AND GIRLS to work
on fruit at Fontana & Co.'s Cannery, corner
Francisco and Taylor sts.
WOMEN and girls— Apply immediately. Cali-
fornia Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan St., bet.
Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED eanners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd.,
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
____
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit:
steady employment. CODE-PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant stß.
2QO MORE sewinc machine operators will find
work in LF.VT STRAI'SS & CO.'S Overall
Factory, 32% Fremont St.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; 3
in family. 2211 Buchanan St.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in housework
and care of children; wages $10. Call 1651
Twelfth aye south.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist in cooking in
small boarding house. 330 Main st.
WANTED— Protestant girl for general house-
work and cooking. Apply 567 Geary St.
FAT ladies wanted at the Chutes. Apply to
manager, Haight Ft.
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36V4 Fremont
st. ; take elevator.
LADIES wanted everywhere to dlstrlbut« sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid; cash every
week. Particulars for J-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 Pan Jose aye.
HELP WANTED Male.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
32M< men wanted to-day, from $95 to $15 and
f( .Ullll
$3 50 day Hay balers $3 50 day
3 deckhands, pood Jobs $45 and found
19 choremen and boys for farms
$26 to $10 and found
39 hay and harvest hands
". $2, $150, $125 day and found
24 milkers, city and country Jobs
$30. $25 and found
$3 day Drillers Hammermen $3 day
Sfi farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $35, $30, $26. $25 and found
.... BLACKSMITHS .... HORSESHOERS....
29 blacksmiths and helpers, $2 50, $2 day, $60,
$50, $45, $40, $35, $30 and found, for shops,
mines, sawmills, ranches, camps, etc
CARPENTERS . . . .BUTCHERS
5 bridge carpenter- for ."awmills
$45 and found
3 butchers and slaughterers $30 and found
Gardeners and coachmen, private,
$25 and found
9 stablemen, city and country
$35, $30, $25 and found
29 four-horse teamsters, fare $140 $*2
12 teamsters, Alameda County... s3o and found
198 laborers and teamsters for all parts o£
California, city and country, $3, $2 50, $2,
$1 78 day, $CO, $57, $45, $36, $40, $30, $26 and
found
Canwashers, coal miners $52 and found
20 boys to pick fruits
Help fur manufacturing and factories com-
pany Woi idehoppers Fare Paid Tie-
makers Help lor street car companies.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
TO MINES 29 MINKS GOOD MINES
165 men as laborers, anybody will suit (no
experience required), to work around outside
Of mine, etc., run cars, shovel, et.' ,
Wages S.*7 per month. With t"> :l rd and
li dgings. fares from $1 30....C0me and See Us
0 miners, good steady jobs
MURRAY & READY, 634-6
......FOR OREGON AND WASHINGTON
184 n;.-!i for sawmills and woods, $1 75 to $2 75
.lay. call early. MURRAY _ READY, 634-
-636 < "lav Ft.
BOOKKEEPER, country sawmill 850
Roy Brown please call. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
WK PAY YOUR FARE
To SAWMILLS AND WOODS: 88 mills <n
California; 197 iaborers, pile lumber, whv_"el
lust, learn to run all kinds of machines,
load cars, sort lumber, etc.; anybody will
suit (positively no experience required), wag?s
$26 to ?40 i>*r month, with board, lodging, etc.
WE PAY YOUR FARE Come and rte
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay St.
to Tin:
SAWMILLS AND WOODS 7. . . .
Band sawyers; saw filers; crosscut sawyers;
lumber packers; jib sawyers; tail sawyers;
planer hands, slab pliers; lumber pliers;
tallymen. $60; woodchoppers; stablemen:
saw. lust Bhovelers and wheelers; laborers to
build roads in woods, etc.; screw turners;
tall edger hands; truck hands; shingle pack-
ers; tie makers; loggers; cooks, male; en-
gineers; firemen; machinists; millwrights;
blacksmiths; carpenters; teamsters; oxen
teamsters: tree fellers: axmen; swampers;
flume tenders; bark peelers; snipers; setters,
and every other class of help required In
sawmills and woods; wages $95, $90, $85, $75,
|70, $65, if>i>. $60, $45, $40, $3.'. $30 per month and
fotind. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
1 lay st.
WK SHIP YOU FRKE TO
OLD RAILROADS NEW RAILROADS
ALL THE RAILROADS BUT ONE
(THAT ONE WE DON'T SEND TO IS
COAST RAILROAD); DRILLERS, HEAD-
ERMEN, SPIKERS, SECTION HANDS,
MUCKERS, LABORERS, TEAMSTERS,
ETC. WAGES from $3 DAY. WE SHIP
yOU FREE
BOARD AND LODGING 0NLY.. ..54 50 week
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
17 cooks $50, $45, $40, $30, %•& and found
18 waiters $30, $25, $20 and found
34 dishwashers $25, $20, $15 and found
!S boys or young men for institutions
$15 and found
2 cooks and wives Shoemakers
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
MARRIED
Man ns waiter, wife as waitress, country ho-
tel, see boss here $40 and found
Man as dishwasher, wife as waitress
$35 and found
2 milkers and wives 3 farmers and wives
.MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
LAUNDRY PORTE RS BAKERS
Polisher Shirt Ironer Washer and
4 other laundrymen by hand
$35 and $30 and found
3 second 3 third fourth hands for city
and country bakeries, $35, $30, $2."., $20 and
found; also 3 boys to help and learn, $15
and found
6 porters, city and country hotels and saloons
$20. $15 and found
Elevator and bell boys Janitors Bed-
makers Pantrymen. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St.
WANTED — Bread and cake baker, country. $60
and found; waiter, country hotel, $30; night
waiter, $S week; restaurant porter, $2.".; dish-
washers, $25; elevator and bell boys and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
WANTED Sticker man, $3 daj r ; teamsters,
$2 day; f>aok pewers and sack tenders for
combined harvester, $2 50 and $2 day and
board; ! men to split out shakes, $2 25 per M;
butcher boy, $12 and found; miners, $2 60 day;
blacksmith; blacksmith's helper, $1 50 day
and found; ironer and wife. $45 and found;
farmer and wife; men to work in cannery:
B0 laborers, $1 75 to $2 75 day, and many oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— Timber feller. $3 day; head swam-
per, $3 day; chain tender, $3 day; head swam-
per, $3 day: crosscut sawyers, $2 75 day; bark-
ers, $2 50 day; spool tenders, $2 25 day; swam-
per, $2 day; laborers about mill $1 75 to $2 25
day. board $4 50 week, see boss in city. J.
F. "CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— First-class butler for private fam-
ily. MS; also indoor servant, $30. J. F. CRO-
SKTT & iO., 316 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
Free fare and lee for laborers, teamsters and
tunnel— en, wages $1 75 to $2 75, for the
Coast ami Valley roads; teamsters and labor-
ers, mountain railroad, two-thirds fare free.
Hostler. $30 and found; 2 blacksmiths, $45
and $40 and found; 3 helpers, $35 and found,
city, $'■>■> and found, country, and $1 _a a day
and found: straw baler, $175 a cwt. and
found; farmers, $1 25 and found.
Ironer, hotel laundry, $40 and found; laun-
dryman. country hotel, $30 and found.
Head waiter, country hotel, $40 and found;
waiter, hotel, $30: 2 neat young men with
some experience a? waiters to act as omni-
buses In a first-class hotel, $25 and found
Cook, $. r .O; 2 cooks. $10 a week; night cook.
$40; second hand baker on bread. $12 a week
and found; 15 dishwashers, $30, $25 $6 a week
and $4 a week; scrubber for a hotel, $25 and
found.
Porter, country hotel, see party here, $20;
neat bellboy with references, $15; elevator
boy, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
ATTENTION, all men who are looking for
work and mean business— W. D. EWER &
CO., the old, reliable employment agents in
conjunction with R. T. WARD & CO., want
ISO to 200 men for good situations, city and
country, at going wages. We guarantee
every position and will refund fare Kith ways,
also the office fee, to any one not offered
work where we send him. No other employ-
ment office gives this guarantee. Come and
see us and get a good position. W. D
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— S men to handle freight on bay
and river steamers, no experience required
$4S per month and board; blacksmith for
small ranch, easy Job, $35 and found; woods-
men, choppers, iaborers, miners, laborers
about mines, etc.; dishwasher for institution,
$lf. • cook, hotel near city, $50, and others. W
D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
JANITOR, $20 and found, city. MISS D. CU_i-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
BOY wanted to drive a wagon; German pre-
ferred. Butcher shop, 3331 Sacramento st.
HELP WANTED—
WANTED— Plasterer, $3 day: dishwasher, to
per week, no Sunday work. New _mploy-
ment Office, 751 Market st.
2 WAITERS, $25, pantryman, $20, country
hotels. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery
St., room 12. _____
YOUNG German to carry out bread; about 6
hours' work; $20 a month, board and lodging.
SW. cor. Webster and Ellis sts.
WANTED— Young man 17 or 18 years of age to
drive parcel delivery wagon; give reference,
experience and wages expected. Box 1117,. Call.
SALESMAN for furniture and carpet store;
wages $60 per month; only experienced need
answer. Box 110S, Call office.
COOK: one who can also do pastrywork and
bake bi%ad. Arcade Hotel, Baden, South ban
Francisco.
WANTED— Good salesman in merchant tailor
business. . 518 Market st.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 1581 Valencia St.. near
Junction of Mission. _____
{STRONG and willing boy about 16 B en ? ral
work in store. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market.
BOY wanted from 12 to 16 years; early. ISI7
Polk st.
2 FIRST-CLASS coppersmiths. Apply at once,
513 Fourth st.. Oakland.
3 BUSHELMEN wanted at M. HYMAN'S, cor.
Baker and Greenwich sts. ; steady work.
WANTED— A good sober man or girl waiter.
S Jackson st. .
BOY to run errands in tailor shop; $2 50 to $3
per week. 138 Russ st.
WANTED— upholsterer; also handy man in
furniture, store. 833 Broadway, Oakland.
GOOD dishwasher. 1403 Valencia St., near
Twenty-fifth.
15C BARBER shop, nicely furnished; will rent
it to good steady barber with good induce-
ments. 2826 Washington St., near Broderlck.
ALL-ROUND laundryman who understands
boiler and engine. Vacaville Steam Laundry,
Vacaville.
BOY for office; state references and salary ex-
pected. A. R.. box 1128. Call office.
PORTER, $20. Hotel Gazette, 26 Montgomery
St.. room 12.
DISTRIBUTORS wanted. UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY. Sixteenth St.. above Valencia.
BRIGHT young man. 123^ Fourth
BARBER shop for sale at a sacrifice on ac-
count of sickness. Inquire at 104 Seventh st.
BOY from 14 to 18 yearß of a«e. Apply at 246
Sutter st.. room 14.
THREE live salesmen; good pay. 300 Post st.
WANTED— Waiter. 148 Larkin st.; call early,
ready for work.
500 MEN— Call to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new. from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
care of you: half-soled while waiting, 35c to
| 60c. E62 Mission st., between Ist and 2d Bts.
MEN to learn barber trade; $15 weekly made
after S weeks' practice; only institution teach-
ing the tonsorlal arc: call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.. near Kearny.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — One hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2 TRUCKEE _ LAKE TAHOB
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers: wagea
$1 75 and $2: board. $4 50 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
GENT'S fine calf shoes tr> order, $2 50 up: sole-
ing, 30c up: heeling. 15c up. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec.. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164,
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 406 McAllU-
ter Bt.
I SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands. Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket St.: free shaving In students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 1381. Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bids.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. 863 V. Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar- !
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room: free i
"bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken I'-ad, business
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall, suc-
cessors Killlp & Co.. salesyard. 1732 Market.
FINE black carriage team, well matched, 8
years old, 16>. hands. 807 Hyde st.
FANCY carriage, saddleand road horses. DA_-
ZIEL. veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
HOUSES — — For Sale.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 MARKET, OPP. FIFTH.
i2-room house; large yard; downtown $40u
18 rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
64-room house; clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
$400— 10-ROOM house on Taylor St.; $200 cash,
balance easy paym'ts. DECKER. 1020 Market.
22 ROOMS (corner); 15 bay-window rooms; all
rented. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
54- ROOM house (corner) for sale at a bargain;
see it. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
5 ROOMS, new furnished flat; $150, half cash,
balance '$5 monthly.
32 rooms; ' block of Market; $100 a month
rent: $1100, half cash, balance easy terms.
14 rooms: $45 rent; very central; one of the
best paying. Inquire 252 O'Farrell st.
$650—14 ROOMS, all rented: $400 cash, bal. timo;
fine furniture; rent $40. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging-houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy St.; new buyers daily.
$300 SNAP 24-room house; all rented; near
Market St.; rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
A— s2so: 11 ROOMS; Sixth St.; all full; rent
only $30; also new 5-room flat. $400; rent $16;
cost $700. KREDO _ CO.. 22'-_ Geary st.
21-ROOM lodging house; owner must sell; make
offer. Room 2. 1007^. Market St.. near Sixth.
JULIAN aye., 192, corner Sixteenth— Lodging-
house, 11 rooms; all occupied; $175; rent $16.
$750— HOUSE. 17 rms., nicely fur., nr. Mkt. ; all
filled; estate. T. J. KELLEY. 437 Parrott bdg.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed"
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. .■
ELEGANT 2-story house, 6 rooms and
bath; large basement; marine view. 2333
Leavenworth st.
SPLENDID house; fine condition; 7 rooms; low
rent. 3356 Twenty-first Bt. ; key next door.
HOUSE, 8 rooms, high ceilings: large yard
and basement. 1615 Bush st., near Franklin.
HOUSES WANTED— FURNISHED.
WANTED— lmmediately, handsome furnished
flat or house, 7 or S rooms, bath, all modern
Improvements; must positively be chDiCc;
prefer downtown: price must be reasonable.
Address full particulars, box 1137, Call office.
LOST AND KOUND.
LOST— Between Fell and Devlsadero, Baker
and Page, ladies' open-faced silver watch;
monogram on back; suitable reward. Return
-ii Baker st. V
LOST— fox terrier bitch, tan markings
on left ear and eyes, answers to name Delia;
good reward for Information. Box 1134, Call.
LOST— Between Sutro Baths and Park and
Ocean Railway, a purse, with key, money and
letters. Box 1116, Call office; reward.
LOST— White fox terrier: large brown spots
surround each eye. Reward at 223 Ellis st.
LOST— Yesterday, old-fashioned circular brooch
(gold plate). 2319 Jones st. forenoon; reward.
LOST— Curly brown water ssanlel; breast,
toes and tip of tall white. . Refrn to Henry
Meyer, grocer. Thirteenth and »_>Blon sts.;
telephone Blue 1096. Reward.
KNIGHT TEMPLAR charm, between Third
and Market and Grand Opera-house; name
engraved on same, also number of lodges.
Please, leave at 16 Third St.; receive reward.
Gentleman's Elgin gold watch, with
fob; owners name engraved inside back cov-
er; liberal reward. Return 1709 Howard.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid, J
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that never fails to restore
instantly all cases of monthly irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice $3 positively; no instruments used; sale
and sure; cure at any time when others fail;
absolute success and safety guaranteed; trav-
elers helped at once; can return home same
day save time and expense by consulting
firsY the only reliable ladies' physician of
lone and successful practice; confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St..
bet. Mason and Taylor. Office hours 9 a. m.
to 5 p. m.: Sundays 9 to 4.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are : sick ©^discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state
thofr case before going elsewhere; they will
find lrfhS- rss friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential: home treatment, $o: no in-
Btruments used; satisfaction^ guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510
Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin: office . hours.
10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only. .
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home tne
came day; no Instruments i.ed: cure at or-
flce. $.'; home in confinement: skillful medical
attention: all can save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post st v bet
Hyde and Larkin: hours. 10 to 5 and . to S
p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. find Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women:
TO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided: kind symp-'thy and aid: sure relieT.
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc., balles adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 122S Market St..
pills, $1: very strong, $2.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician: no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men 3
knowledge: cure, $5; restores In one day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Keamy st.
A— DR. G. XV. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of Irreg-
ularities than any other physician; never
fails to cure; consult him first, save ttme and
money: treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free; call or write. 1023V4 Market st.
DR WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St., San
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
LADIES! — Chichester's Fnglish Pennyroyal
Pills are the best; safe, reliable: take no
other; send 4c stamps for partlc lars. "Relief
for Ladles," in letter by return mail: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philada.. Pa.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours: well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home:
no instruments: consultation free, confidential;
home treatment.s3. MRS. ALLEN, Van Ness.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA. 215% Mason St.—
Private home in confinement; ladies' friend
In trouble; terms reas.; call and be convinced.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills: safe and
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, sole agents.
NICE private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city; infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife. 2012 Folsom.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home in confinement; babie3
adopted into good homes.
ELECTRIC treatments and baths for all ner-
vous diseases; diagnosis free. 1167 Market.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 111S Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back:ss up.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second st. ; tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 11" Mason st.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
I WISH to buy Central Eureka stock. R. L.
CHENEY. 630 California st.
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 193-197 Fremont st.
ALL the machinery of Pacific Iron and Nail
Co. is being torn down and must be sold at
once; consists of one 500 horsepower Corliss
engine, one 40 horsepower engine, boilers,
pipes, heaters, pumps and other machinery
too numerous to mention. Full information
by applying on grounds, foot of Myrtle St.,
Oakland, Cal. : -
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOuNAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth.
PURE distilled water ice, $3 50 per ton car-
loads, f. o. b. ; $4 for less: sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 463, Consumers'
Ice Co.. 420 Eighth st, S. F.
FINE large modern double-door safe cheap.
14 Fifth st
300 SOLDIERS' overcoats, from $1 50; with
capes, new, $3 50. COLEMAN, 73 Third st.
YOUNG parrot for sale cheap. 114_ Fourth
St., barber shop.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors .
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
GOOD horse, harness and covered wagon for
sale cheap. Inquire at 2900 Buchanan st.
GRAMOPHONE, good as new, 26 records, $2S,
cost 140. Call or write to L. E. COCHRAN,
Nurses' Building, U. S. Hospital, Presidio.
A FINE gymnast net. 20x40. 436 Geary st.
FINE Jersey cow for Bale. 1625 San Bruno
road. .
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good as
new; cheap for cash or Installments. THE
BRUNSWICK-BALKE CO., 655 Market St.
1 3-h. p. Golden Gate gas engine; perfect order;
complete; must sell. EPSTEIN, 64S Mission.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar price hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE suit. $9 75: pants, $2 75. ORIGINAL MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR, 513 Montgomery.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg.Co., Stevenson «t.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos; bought, sold. H. S. HITE. 616 Mission.
2 NATIONAL Cash Registers: 1 nickel plated
and other wooden; cheap. 417 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes and planers for
iron; wood planers, 12 in. and 24 in.; hydrau-
llc pump: 2d. J. BURKE. 133 Beale st.
SAFES — Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS WANT*.
WANTED— hire. 100 flrst-class scrapr teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. 35. B.
STONE. Elmhurat.
CASH pa.d for school books, or exchanged for
new. LORIMER. l'-7 Market, opp. Van Ness.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
KOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
■ tain l'beral advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, fi3o Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest • and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BARGAINS! Bargains!— Go to Wilson's Storage
Rooms, 1710 Market St., and see another lot
good Standard uprights; very cheap for cash.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
eale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market **■•- ,MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. j
A "KER & SON. the piano for you to b'iy:
beautiful new rtyle, MAUVAIS*., 769 Market.
A MAG IFj CENT high-grade v ofT>?"rt»d to-
day. $&.'<. Rdom 12. Flood building.
WANTED— six. square pianos. Call or address
BYRON MAIT.Y, 308 Post st.
A lAROAIN — Stelnway upright ch(>ap.
SCHMITZ, Ifi McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A— sSs; UPKIGHT piano n iine condition: alno
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright; i.lso tho famous
Hornung lir.is.' jjlpnos. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS, S6i) up; installments. .V> 7a up;
rents $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 135 Ellis.
6OHMER Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 208
_Post .-t. ■■ . '
V. G. i:.\ DGER, 4ir> Sacramento Kt.. agent for }
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
KNAJ3E pianos; new fccale: new styles. KOH- J
LER & CHASE. SO O'Farre!l Bt
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. riaker. rrp.-drer. 2 2>ath;ini place.
OFFICES AND STORKS — To Lei.
ASHTON/& GARDINER] 4U Montgomery st.
$6y — 105 L'aylor st.
S-C— lSO Valencia «t.. corner Sixteenth. j
$3(4-859 Mission st . near Fifth. • !
$20- -32S M ntg ■;:..•!■>• aye. j
" J22 EO--K36 Howard it., near Fifth. !
$17.— 2i6 First Bt. . . '
J2O-354 Fourth st.
$2f<- 111? Harrison st.. -nmer Lan^ton.
EMMA SPRECKELS CLDG.. 527 Market St.
Offives HI .".0 to $20.
Light, heat, janitor and telephone included. i
. ABHTON * GARDTN'KR. Room 210.
STORE suitable for drug, dry goods or any i
other buslnesn; rent $30. Southwest cor. Pa- I
cif.c and Leavenworth sts. j
GROCER V corner. 217 Ninth st. ; 4 living rooms, ■
ptafclp; 2 blocks from Market: ent low. Ap- j
ply wner. . KV.r.l.v 437 Paxrott building.
NICELY furnished ronl suites suitable for
doctor or dentif=t, 120 to 53." 121 Powell st.
CHEAI and b*st in ■■■ erica The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, «ent to any address In the :
■ r TT.:.-l Ptnt^s. poctn&M. tnr «1 v a vcir
PAXMISTRV.
MjFe. NEKRoXARD7"pupiI of Count SI Ger-
main 616 Geary »t., above Jones: classes;
Mile* hour*. 1 t" 8 p. m. : reading by mail. 11. j
I'ART.NKUS WANTED.
WANTED— For partner, man understanding j
manufacturing of ladies' wear. fu. h as skirts. !
»aists, etc., to go in partnership with man
furnishing capital: only flrst-clasg artists
need apply; reference required. Address box
•jf.il. '..'■' ':) ■<■ _______ j
PB&SOJNALS.
REWARD for any Information of EUTYCHUS i
WILHELM. who left Tork County. Perm- ;
eylvanla, in the r.O's Address P. M. LETT- i
LER, Aberdeen. Wash. ;
AFTER this date I am not responsible for j
any debts contracted by my wife. TERESA
ST. DENIS. JOHN B. ST. PEINIS.
JlM— Will meet you oi. Sutter st. at 11.
■ SUTTER.
CLYDE CLIFFORD will please call and re- ;
ceive Information : any one knowing his i
whereabouts would confer a favor on him ■
by sending word to CHARLES MONTGOM- I
ERY. Brooklyn Hotel. S. F. i
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA has the name of ]
being the only reliable hair tonic on the mar-
ket; 3."c bottle. IT4 Stockton ?t.
LedERER'S halrdre.selng parlors still growing !
in popularity: 25c only: see the great display j
of BWitohes in lil^ window; $1 switches only ■
75c, thi? week only. 123 Stockton St. j
JOHN L. BOONE. Fatent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright |
No. 4 Sutter st.. . Laws a. Specialty, j
San Francisco <"'al. American and Foreign !
Etnd for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants. $3 76;
nothing higher. One-price Tailoring Co.. 1644 ,
Market st.. unddr St. Nicholas Hotel.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. in hank or chain, at lowest J
rates GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland. !
MME LOUISES manicure parlor has removed 1
■ . trorr. O'Farrell to 132 Eddy St. ;
T. BRILLIANT, S3S-340 Post St.. will sell you j
furniture, carpet?, cloaks, dress goods, tailor- j
made suits, etc., or. very easy payments.
DR. CRF.ELY'S Do? Hospital, 108 Elm aye.; J
office. Horse Hospital 510 Golden Gate aye.; 1
separate ward for contagious diseases. !
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester !
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
l.ric to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $G per week; :
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. '
SUMMER bamboo Iture below cost to or- I
der. K. YOSHI TANI. 313 Sutter st.
$1 PER week for lady's suit. Jacket or cape. I
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out* I
ntt'r.c Co., 13V, Ptcrkton =t.. near Broadway. ;
LIFE insurance policies bought -or cash. W.
R. NICHOLSON, Attorney and Financial 1
A»;.-M.t International Hotel. '
A— LADIES' taltor-maJle «n!ts to order at j
whoWaie fleure* KRAMER. 20 Sansome st. j
KUPTUUE. stricture cured: no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln. Pine. ab. Krny.
I A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture bought, ;
nold tel. Mlrt i 97. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom St. j
SUITS to ■ rder on easy 1 tailments. L. |
LEMOS, 1117 Market Bt . bet. 7t!i and Bth.
WANTED— -Old Bold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
.lr>wi«l*>r. IMS O'Firrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents- The Weekly Call,
10 paepc. in wrapper, for maillne. $1 per y*ar. i
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
ER. C. C. DONNELL office and residence, j
IQJII4 Market st.. b<"t. 'Sixth and Seventh. i
HOMETRY-
HENRT HARRISON BROWN, psychometrist:
reads character; gives advice from spirit side
of. life; heals by laying on hands. 120 A Eddy.
REAL ESTATE CITY — For Sale.
COFFEY, HUGHES .t CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
j-< MONTGOMERY ST. I
fISCO— A bargain- building lot; Central aye.,
rjear Hayes et. , must be sold; 25x100.
$4000— Make an offer; Fell st., NW. corner i
Ecott; lot 25-100.
$4600— Bargain in flats; almost* new; rents $40, j
best portion Union st.
$3<;OG--Elegant corner near the park; 35 feet i
front; woith $uC0O; offered at this low figure to
make immediate 6ale; all street work done.
$6750— Ashbury sx., near the park; elegant !
flatß; rent $55; street accepted.
$12 000— Turk: Bt., near Market: building and '
lot 25x137:6; If house was further Improved
could be made a fine Investment; right down- ;
tuwn.
*5000— Rents 245 per month; lot 25x137:6; Golden :
Gate aye.
51550— Fine building lot; near Girls' High i
School; 27:6 front.
$3500— Sold to clo*« an estate; Shot-well Bt. ;
flats and rear house;. lot 30 feet.
$110 per front foot— Van : N«ss-ave. building
lota; eizes to suit. . #
$.5850— Bert pfiap In town; 2 flats of 9 and 5 '
rooms and bath; near the park; property coat
$?00C a short time ago.
COFFEY, HUGHES & CO..
Keal Estate,
19 Montgomery st.
SOL. GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
GET OUR PRICES AND LOCATION 3
AND YOU WILL SURELY BUY FROM US'. j
J350 to $?<X>—Cholcest Sunset and Richmond lots, ;
ready to build on, $25 down, $10 monthly.
$150 to — Lots on the' Ocean boulevard and i
Park. $10 a vii, $5 monthly. j
$10*— Level Ocean View lots, near electric
cars, ViO down, $5 monthly.
JlO5O— Sjjleiidiu '4-roora rir.il T>ai!e.tn('r.t cottage,
close to Mission Kt. and cars; eoay terms.
CALL FOH MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL. GBTZ & BRO..
p Room A, Crocker Building.
~ ; , j
A«HTON A GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st. ;
Valei:cU-st. lots: any size; $135 per front,
Sect: frontlß- on 2 street-. ?■*>.*?. '
Twenty-third St., corner San Jose aye.. with
improvements, $5500.
BeconJ .md Silver sts.: corner, with improve-
ments. $<700. ' -■
NEW HOMES •• ••• ;•••••
Five, 6 7, 9 and 10 room houses. . finished '
•with all modem conveniences, .fronting on !
Waller Pieroe «nd Primose sts., from $3100 j
to $4;C0; t»rm« to suit purchaser. F. NEL- i
SON, Builder. . ■.- ■• I
$800 CASH balance *n time; new corner; 4- |
room bay-window cottage, 10-foot brick base- j
ment 1439 Shotwsll st.: take Folsom st. car,
get off at i'reci'.a aye., Walk up one block.
BUCHANAN st. lot, near Union; $900.!
Greenwtch St.. big snap. THE MCCARTHY I
CO., 54« Market -• __ '. . j
>-I .V 4-room cottage; bath: basement; central;
IM down,, 15 monthly. J. A., H29 Howard, j
REAL. ESTATE— CITY Sale.
A. M. SPECK <t CC)T~"
ffi MARKET ST., OPPOSITE KEARNY.
RARE INVESTMENTS.
COO— Ellis st. corner, near the Baldwin: 100
>tiO7; if Improved can lease for 10 years at
$1400 r r month guaranteed lease.
$40,000— Grand investment near Powell ' st.,
rents $400 monthly; lot 60x150 feet.
$sf.,ooo— Within 120 feet of Market and Stock-
ton »ts.; fine 4-ptory building; leased; never
offered for sale.
$25,000— Best retail block weist of Taylor st.:
49x1?;.; 2 stores and 6 flats; fine building; rents
$2400. '
$h".000— 3 new flats, near Taylor and Bush
Fts.; -rents $142; a fine buy.
$7500—5 modern fiats, near Fourth and Mar-
ket- f»ts. ; lot 40 feet front; reuta about $1000.
' $3500— 10-room residence; near Golden Gate
aye. ; lot 37:6x137:6. .
Mason-st. bargain; must sell; lot 85
feet frontage; 2 houses.
Bonk foreclosures. Large list mortgage fore-
closures.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
657 Market *t . opp. Kearny.
fls<"o ONLY; reduced price; cheap corner: must
be sold immediately.
Reduced from 11650 to $1550; ready to build
on; southwest corner Webster and Filbert
I bts.; 2 Xm ' THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
v Montgomery «t.
FOR «ale— Lots 22 and 23. block 6. Mistion and
Thiri Ft. Homestead Extension Union;
5500 each. Address A. C. M. PKXNINGTUN.
i Atlanta. Ga.
' CHEAP- An entire block and 10 lots south of
■ Golden ' ■■:■ Park. 542 Halght st.
RKAiTkSTATK — MUV — F«»r Snle
FOR BALE— 2V4 acres, 6 room and
basement house, barn, chicken and out
I houf-ps. well, fruit trees,, 500 grapevines, etc.,
one miie south of Sonoma on main ro<ul. Ad-
ilres.-- box 1100, Call. ■ ■; ■-■
! A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
. 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
RUSTAUnAKTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffeo and ie«
crenni parlor. 1038 Market St.: popular price*.
ROOMS FOR IHIISKKIIOI'IJiG.
EDDY"! •_- bet. Polk and Larkin— Parlor floor,
3 or *4 elegantly turnlshed sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; bath; gas; run. water; no childn.
EDDY, 917— Nicely urnlshed housekpg suite;
low rent: private residence ; no children.
FIFTH. S3, opp. Mint, nr. Market— New met.;
renovated; hskpg. rms.. $6 month upward.
FIFTH. 353— clean furnUhed housekeeping
connecting rooms. $13; 2. $10; single, $5 to $7.
FOLSOM 523— Parlor suit*, 3 rooms, complete-
ly furnished for housekpg. ; single or en suite.
GEARY. 1917— Four nice unfurnished "rooms,
bath, toilette, gas, yard, basement.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— Connecting rooms
for housekpngr.. running water; larg< ; <-■■■ $j.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— Lovely sunny rms..
front; complete hskpg.; bath: private: $12.
HOWARD 1130*4— Sunny bay-window suite;
other rooms; light housekeeping; private; no
children.
HOWARD, 1214-2 or 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
HYDE. 129— Front bay window and alcove,
complete for housekeeping: reasonable.
IVANHOE. 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— Light, clean.
eunny; fur. hkpg. suitrs i 3 to 5 r.). $15 up: ref.
LEWIS. IS. off Taylor, near Post— unfurnished
roomp| $10: -water free; cellar.
MINN \ 43."i— Unfuniished housekeeping rooms;
nice kitchen; renovated. Call before 10 •or
after 3:30.
MOSS. 36. off Howard, near Seventh— 3-sunny,
furnished housekeeping rooms.
PINK, Ssl— Fine front and back parlor, unfur-
nished; use of bath. __^
SIXTH, Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms. $2 50 per wk. up; also single; quiet.
ST. JAMES. Laguna and McAllister— Choicest,
sunniest In city;- low rates:' furnished or not.
SUTTER. 1111, nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3275, near Valencia— Sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms, renovated,
bath, laundry.
VALLEJO, 1301—3 sunny front rooms, com-
' pletely furnished; must be seen to be appre-
ciatrd; tlo. ..
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfurn.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
yuiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate; cars direct.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
2r.c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light houFekeeplng; open all night.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; firat-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor Bta.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 60c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT Girard House. 192 Seventh— Furnished sin-
gle and suites; alsu large unfurnished room.
AT New Grand, 246 3d— lst-class sunny rms., '
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekeeping rooms. $1 to $3 per week,
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 617— Elegant double parlors, $20; front
parlor, $12; also sunny rooms; running water.
ELLIS ' 114 nr. Powell— fur.; new man-
agm't; cozy rms., hand'ly fur.; reas.; trans't.
FINE sunny flat, S large rooms; bath; latest
Improvements. Key at 713 Grove st. :
FOLSOM. T76'.2— furnished single room,
every convenience. :
FOURTH. 128^4, nr. Mission — New management;
newly furn. and renovated; choice front rms.
FOURTH, Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
double and single; $1 week up.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable j furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. Mi Bin.
GEARY 556— Elegant front and back parlors;
I«lano;'phone; light housekplng.; other rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK Hous*-, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAWTHORNE. 172, bet. 2d and 3d, nr. Harri-
BOn — Pleasant sunny corner room for 1 or Z
gents; private house; board optional.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, eingle rms.; elev.; free baths.
HOWARD, Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD, 1052, bet. 6th and Suite and 1
single, complete for hskg.; also sunny single.
JONES, 418— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
gents preferred. '
LARKIN, M>4— Small sunny room, neatly fur-
nished, $4. . : -
MARIPOSA. 1163 Mission— Newly furnished
front and other rooms; all sunny; $1 week up.
MARKET, 1035— Entirely renovated: hew mgt.;
; fine sunny suites; single also: very reasonabl
! MASON. 310— Light sunny furnished rooms;
geni'.t-mwi caly; J."j to $8 per month.
MINNA. 140, bet. New Montgomery and 3d—
3 neatly furnlnhed rooms, single and double.
MINNA. ti£7. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week: transient.
MISSION, 827— Two large sunny rooms, well
. furnished. $9. _•
NICE newly furnished sunny rooms.; can be en
suite or *lnjrk-: first-class in every respect:
quiet hoiJM Box 1132. Call office.
O'FAIIBELL, 20- Sunny I'urninhed room* and
offices; elevator: elrrtric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL, 42C. bet. Taylor and Jones— Neat-
ly furnished sunny room; gas, bath.
O'FARRELL, 427— Large beautifully furn, rm.;
gunny; water; suitable for 1• or 2 gentlemen.
O'FARRELL. "4S, nr. Hyde Handsomely furn.
alcove HUnny suite; also sing.; hot, cold wat.,
grate, closets; private family; reas.; central.
O'FARRELL, 776, nr. Larkin— large parlor
*u!te or separate: also single rm. ; private.
ROYAL House, 126 Elils st.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 £0;
week, $2 to $8; mo:.th. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat : baths.
SACRAMENTO. Three roomsTiarge yard-
rent »7. ■ ■•■
SEVENTH, 230 A —2 front rooms and 1 back
room, $6, $8 and $10; new house.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 19, nr. Market— Neatly fur. rms., sin-
gle and double; bright and sunny; $1 25 wk up.
SIXTH.- 33. nr. Market, Hlllsdale House Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator;' transient. •
SIXTH 13*— Rooms for light ; housekeeping;
also rooms; fl per week.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1899.
ROOMS TO LET — Kara, nnd tlnfurn.
fOt'TH PARK. 1158, off Third— 2 neatly fur.
rooms; private fam.; gas; bath; $5 and |7 mo.
THE Oliver. 965' Folsom, cor. 6th— Sunny corner
rms.. sulteß and single; gas; bath; new mangt.
THE Oaks 119 Third— A good rooming house
for. good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD. 106%, near Mission— Seattle—
sunny rooms. $1 25 to $3. >
; TURK. 132— Large sunny furnished parlor, also
upper front room; suitable for gentlemen.
$B— THREE unfurnished, large sunny rooms';
large yard ; separate entrance; new house;
rear 2G3 Perry st. __i ■
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— 2 sunny connecting rooms or alcove
suite, running water, unfurnished; bet. Geary
and Pir.e and Powell and Jones *ts. Address,
Htating price, to box 16:"), Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; -whitened, $1 up;
. painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections " made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPI'LIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, Bold, exchanged, rented; re-
palring at lowest ratPF. 205 Fourth Ft.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats !
private, chronic or obs'.-ure. diseases. 232 j
Stockton St.; sittings. $1; diagnosis free.
MRS. L. EHRHORN, medium and healing by
faith; circles. Monday and Thursday evening,
8 p. m. : Friday afternoon, 2 p. m. 190SV& Mis-
sion st. -;-•;■:.:• .■;.-■:•■
THIRTEENTH. 521. Oakland— Thursday.. S p.
m.; Dr. Rln<»s, Mrs. Seeley; Friday, S, 1230
Market st. all tests.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to- |
night. 606 McAllister st., 10c: come, skeptics. ,
JOHN SLATER, Bittlngl daily, 10 to i. ISO 9
Stockton st... near Greenwich.
AT Friendship Hall, 336 McAllister, sittings
daily, 2. 8 p. m.; tests by good mediums; 10c.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
r)ower In spiritualist reading, 25c up. 5 7th.
MRB. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8: £sc: sittings, $_ 233 Valencia st.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop., !
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 25. j
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713. '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
$700— FINE lot on bay shore.
12200— Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot
r2x150; near High School and depot; terms, $100
cash. $23 per month.
$3200— New cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 42x I
"07; open plumbing plate glass, etc. ; half block
from station xnd High School: easy terms.
Homes built to suft purchasers on easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H P. MOTIEAL *r CO. 143? Par* «t. ■
— » — - »_■»——^— — — — _—_———
ALAMKDA ROOM* A.MJ. HOAKO.
HOME fcr ladles in delicate health; lar_e
ground*: private. MRS DR. FTTNKE I*l6 *th
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL.' ESTATE.
LARGE, level lots, $400; only $25 down; street
work done; sewers, water, _as; fine school
close by; near railroad station and Oakland j
electric line; half-hourly trains to city; 6c |
fare: clorlous climate'! buUd a home to suit
yourself: easy payments: no city taxes. SYN-
DIOATE INVESTMENT CO.. Fruttvale sta.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATB.
CASH, $3 50 monthly till paid for; price
all told $290; new 3-room cottage and fine
level lot: an extra lot alongside can be had i
for $K0- terms. $" cash, $2 60 monthly till paid
for; Fruitvale, adjoining East Oakland, close
to electric car lines; fine boulevard and
model school house; over 60 families located ]
within 2 years; own th.'lr own homes; rent
money a dead letter here, Call or send tor
circular 455 Seventh st., near Broadway.
Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
EXECUTOR'S Sale-^Fine business corner lot.
60x75 feet. In heart of Oakland, bet. Ninth and
Fourteenth st«. ; within 2 blocks of Broadway;
convenient to broad and narrow gauge trains j
and all street car lines; appraised at $4250; |
will accept bid of $30i)0 and ask court to con-
firm t=ale; a snap. Apply to B. McFADDEN,
Executor, 906 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FI'RXITURB FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th nnd Franklin. Oakland.
™ PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q M., Vancouver Harracks,
Wash., July 8. 1899— Sealed proposals, in tri-
plicate, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a m August 8. 1599, and then opened, for
furnishing forage and bedding at the sev-
eral military posts in this department for
fiscal year ending June 30, 1900. Information
furnished here or by quartermasters at posts.
U. S. reserves right to reject or accept any
or all proposals or any part thereof. En-
velopes containing proposals should be
marked: "Proposals for Forage and Bedding
at " and addressed to undersigned. J. "W.
JACOBS, C. Q. M.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office. Flood
Building. San Francisco, Cal.. Ausrust 1,
Ig9j Sealed proposals for dredging in Peta-
luma Creek, California, will be received here
Until 12 o'clock noon, September 5, 1399. In-
formation furnished on aDPllcation. W. 11.
HEUER. Major Engineers
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows: |
Walter D Walker and Linda M. Marglnl.. 22-17 ;
Jefferson D. Crawford and Kuke W. Brier. 32-19 i
Samuel McFarland and Ltla J. Woodworth. 32-23
T O Caldwell and Ltllta C. Underwood... 33-28 '
Mara Kalas'.ch and .Tosie Lawlor 30-13
Isak Baker' and Sarah Gorflnkle .34-25
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth marriage and death notices sent by j
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be.
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BPOW"NE— Martiner., June 21. 1899. to the
wife of Frederick D. Browne of Oakland, a
daughter. ' ■ - :: .V
HARVILLB— In this city, August 1. 1899, to the
wife of B. F. Harville, a daughter.
HILLMAN-In this city, July 20, 1899, to the
wife o" James M. Hillman, a son.
MARRIED.
BERNSTEIN— JOSEPH— In this city. July 30,
1599, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Louis Bernstein
■ and' Hattie Joseph.
1 F4.SSETT— HOWARD— In this city, August 2,
'■-.. by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D, I
Matt P. Fassett and Mary F. Howard, bot^i [
of San Francisco.
MCLAUGHLIN— McKENZIE— In this city. Au-
gust 2 IS9B, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
: D D rharle* James McLaughlin and Mar-
garet Jane McK«*nzle, both of San Francisco.
MARTENS— BABIN— In this city. AugUßt 1.
" 18*9. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, Frederick !
Theodore Martens and Marie Babin, both of I
San Francisco- .
MEYERS— HOLLZER— In this city. July 30, i
lfj&S, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Richard Mey- I
ers 'and Esther Hollzer.
WILSON— ARGUELLO--In this city, August 2
1599, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D.,
Err'ol C. L. Wilson and Blanche Louise Ar-
k'uello, both of San FranclßCO. ■ . ..
DIED.
Adler, Laura - McCord, Rachel
Barege. 'Florentine Mclnnes. Louis J.
Connelly, Annie May, Hazel V.
Curtin, Inez M. Nielsen, Anton B.
Fllgate. Catherine Powers, Johanna C.
Fillpich. Nikola Seaver, William A.
Gavin, Bridget Se-ricano, Frank .
Griffith, Louisa Soule, Kendrick B.
HudHon, Mary Toner, Margaret J.
Lumbert, Johanah :-r; ".,;.. ..^
ADLER— In Windsor, Cal., July 31. 1899, Laura,
beloved wire of the late Morris Adler and
mother «t Daniel. Robert, Lewis and Joseph
Adler. Mrs. E. J. Levy and Mrs. Carrie
Wise, a native of Germany, aged 72 years.
(Baltimore, Md.. papers pl'-ase copy.
(T_rFriend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. E. J. Levy, 1420
HfcNRY J. GALLAGHER CO., v
(Successors to F!ana_an A Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND" EMBALMKRS. j
20 Fifth «t.. oppoßlt* Llacolu
7elepUon« goutb W.
Bush street. Interment Hills of Eternity I
Cemetery, via 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets. . -
BAREGE— In this city, July 31, 1599, Floren-
tine Barege, beloved wife of J. M. Barege,
a native of France, aged 35 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 303 . Montgomery avenue.
CONNELLY —In this city, August 1, 1899,
Annie, beloved . wife of John Connelly, de-
voted mother of John and Frank Connelly
and Mrs. Joseph O'Brien of Madera, and
sister of Hannah and Alice Lacey, a native of
Ballyghran, County Limerick, Ireland, aged
59 years. . . .. ',-. -"■ -y
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
j (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, S2 Jessie street, between First and
Seoond. thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CURTIN— In this city, August 2. 1899, Inez
Marguerite Curtin, a native of Missouri, aged
27 years and 8 months. ■ V-J^ •'•■"- - . .
ICT'Funeral private. Remains at the un-
dertakin? parlors of Porter & White.
FILGATE— In this city. August 2. 1899. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of H. P. Filgate, mother
of Harry J., Ellen, Nat and Esther Fllgate,
sister of the late Rev. Father Michael Kelly,
pastor of St. Augustine's Church, Bridgeport,
Conn., the late Mrs. James McHugh an.l Mrs.
Tully and of Patrick Kelly, and cousin of
J'r«. Michael Flynn, a native of Drumllsh,
County Longford, Ireland, aged 37 years.
[ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect- ,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late- resi-
dence, 329 Harriet street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
■will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .'.-"..: ■
FILIPICH— In this city, August 1, 1899, Nikola,
beloved husband of Mary Fillpich, and father
of Frank and Marie Filiplch, a native of
Mllna, Dalmatia, aged 43 years.
tt^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence,' 219 Harrison street, r.ear Beale.
Interment Mount Calvary cemetery.
GAVIN— In Oakland, August 1, 1599, Bridget,
beloved wife of John Gavin and mother of
Katie, Willie, John, Sadie. Maggie and Tes-
Ite Gavin and Mrs. E. F. Gilllgun, aged 50
yea >-v i
CTFrlen.ls and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Thursday), at 8:20 o'clock, from her late
residence, 660 Magnolia street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, . where a solemn requiem"
high' mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
GRIFFITH— In this city. August 2, 1899. Louisa,
beloved wife of Uriah Griffith, and mother
of Mrs W. Harmer. A. B. and R. W. For-
man and U. L. Griffith, a native of Ken-
tucky, aged 59 years 1 month and 20 days.
HUDSON— in this city. August 1, 1599. Mary
Hudson, beloved mother of John M. and
Charles C. Hudson, a native of New Jersey,
aged 78 years.
ITTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tb<> funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Hdlsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LAMBERT— this city, August 2, 1599, Jo-
hanah, relict of Jacob Lambert, and mother
of John, Jamps, Kate and the late Willie
Lambert, a native of ' County Cork. Ireland,
aged 42 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dencu. 440 Second street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a colemn requiem, high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. t, ;•?-■
McCORD— In this city. August 2. 1893, Rachel,
. beloved wife of Thomas McCor* aged 6;)
ysai b.
ITTFrlends Rre respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 2
o'clock, from her late residence. 314 Third
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
McINNES— In this city. August 2, 1899. Louis
James, beloved husband of Emma Mclnnes,
: father of John, Edward and Elizabeth Me-
lnnes, brother of John S. Mclnnes, and son-
ln-law of Mrs. S. Johnston, a native of, Benl-
cla, Cal., aged SS years.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 803 Guerrero street, (thence to St.
James Church, where services will be held
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
12:45 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MAY— In this city. August 2, 1899, Harel Vivian,
beloved and only child of Ernest and Flor-
ence May, a native of San Francisco, aged
8 months and 30 days.
NIELSEN— In this city. August 1. 1599, Anton
Bernhard Nielsen, a native of Romo, Schles-
wig. Germany, age 40 years.
(I_rßemains at th- parlors of H. F. Suhr. &
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Elehth.
POWERS— In this city, August 2, 1599. Jo-
hanna C, denrly beloved daughter of Mau-
rice and Bridget Powers, and sister of Mary
J.. Nellie A. and Theresa B. Powers, a native
of San Francisco, aged 18 years 6 months and
6 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 339 Twenty-ninth street, thence
to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SEAVER— this city. July 30, 1599. William
A. Seaver of New York, aged 67 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence, 1317 Alice street, Oakland.
Interment private.
SERICANO— In this city, August 2, 1599, Frank,
dearly beloved husband of Teresa Serlcano,
father of Louis F., Julia. Nllda and Minnie
Sericano and Mrs. B. Ratto. and brother of
Mrs. Rosa Grondona and J. B. Nlcollnl, a
native of Italy, aged 66 years.
SOULE— In this city, August 2, 1899, Kendrick
Bancroft Soule, a native of Fall River. Mass.
. Notice of funeral hereafter.
TONER— In this city, August 2, 1899, Mar-
garet J., beloved daughter of James and
Bridget Toner, and sister of Lillle and Syl-
vester Toner and the late Isabel E. Toner, a
native of San FranclECo, aged 17 years.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association—
The regular monthly requiem high mass for
the deceased members of the above associa-
tion, and for the deceased parents and rela-
tives of the members, will be celebrated in
St. Dominic's Church, Bush and Steiner
streets, thi9 day (Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are invlterl to attend. . r"
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
P W Hodges, L Ang C Conrad &w. Sacto '
J M Taylor, L Ang A W M irrls & w. Yolo
F. it Werdin, L Ang N A Snook, San Joae I
M Baxter & w. Towles J J Luther, San Jose
C R "Williams & w.jD S Luther, San Jose
Seattle X" Mayer. Klko
G Pacheco &w, Cal 'Col J Cross, L Angr
.1 ii nfeOtlory, P AltoiJ A Palen. Kans City
L T Cranz. Alameda CII White Jr. Cal
G f? Nutting, Chicago Q M McCain, I'a
C P Hlckok. Chicago Mrs J A Agulrre. Cal
W M Slater, Oakland I Miss N Harwell, L An
X D I>ebe, Stockton iMlas C L Slack. L AnR
B F Hall. Santa Rona iMiss X Slack, L Ang j
I 13 Treijdoan, OaklandjMlss D O Ferguson,
T J North. Denver : Emporium
M T Smith, Cal Mrs W C Potts. Ariz
F Lyman, Fowler |Miss O Potts, Ariz
B D Rosfnbaum, Ptktn ! L B Doe &w, S Mateo j
R T Heath, Fresno ;K C Cline. L Angeles j
D J Steele, Chicago (Mrs W J Viray & 3 c,
A F Elliott. -Seattle Milwaukee
D B Howard, Portland J M Kennedy. N T
O F Exton, L Ang Mrs B McGrath, Sacto 1
Mrs G Hodgman, L AnlMlpa E Reiner, Chgo
J S Craig &w, Cal ! .T H Meyer & w. Mo
Miss E Kennedy. Cal IS N D Smithin. Cal
Miss E Parks. Clinton W E Arnin. D C
M F McNamara. L An, Mrs G W Parker. Cal !
G L A Smith. Ben Lm.Georgle Parker. Tklah !
0 E Williams &w. Cal (Grace Parker, t.'klah j
PALACE HOTEL.
P J Thomas, Chicago |H M Loud, Cal
C M Breslan, Or W S Moore, Mass
H Rodgere, Chicago \J Sa«ger, Los Ang
E O McNalr Jr. N T J B Tuttle & w, Mich
L W McNalr, NT IE M Cilntuman, Ind
H Tafflny. Paris |C H Al^er & w. Texas i
M B Hlish & w. PhilaH J Hammond. Fla
D J Bonsfle.ld, Nev L, A Crane. Santa Cruz j
W E Annim, DC C Prohazka. 11l
G M McCain, Phlla |F W Jennings, Manila i
W E Robinson, La C Van Wragenen. ISA
3 F Critchlow, Utah \J Strauss & vr, Japan
J A Anderson. Utah iH Laub, Louisville
A Hollingsworth, Neb J H Shaw & w, (.hicag
P L Keck, NT E O Miller, Vlsalla I
W Glbb & w, England T Hopkins & w, Menlo !
1 H Johnson & W, 111 Miss Kah!. San Mateo .
J A Crawford. Term A L Miller, Chicago
Mrs J Montgomery, Cal.J H Dickey, Chicago
J W Wykoff, Cal J Lerscher. N T
C A Burcham. Cal H J Flower. Phlcasro
Mrs W Munhall. Pa ;Ml»s M Greicnry, 111 I
Miss Munhall. Pa M Dapßett, Folsom
A C Munhall. Pa C Kleinhelm, Ls Ang i
Mrs B C Sleight. N T
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J E Tierney, lone i.Miss Williams, Sacto
C W Shields, San Jose F Marshall, Sacto
W Chaee, Vallejo W Manning, Stockton
J Muller, Pasadena 18 Clark. Fresno
S Brown. Calistoga n Wilson, Rio Vlcta
O Thompson, Marysvll F h. Raynor, St Helena
T W Wlhle & w, Cal B II Dart & w. Neb
D J Churchill. Wls |G W Sutton &w. Ohio '
F A Berglund. 11l iMies M Darsfie, Elgin
D R Blakesler, Pa Miss J A Betts, Ind
. ♦ . —
Passenger Association Complete.
At the meeting of the Passenger Asso
ciation Tuesday the following lines made
application to be admitted to membership: !
St. Louis and San Francisco, Colorado
Midland and Thomas Cook &Son. This i
practically nils , out the organization,
which, with these acquisitions, now has
represented in Its membership every road i
of any importance that- nan au agent In I
California. The Oregon Railroad and Nav
igation Company, which was wavering :
and about to follow the example of the
Canadian Pacific and resign, was pre
vailed upon to reconsider its determina
tion, anu to such good purpose that It has
decided to remain in the fold and pull with i
the rest. . |
ENTIRELY NEW
CREW TO GO OUT
ON THE HANCOCK
'Engineers and Deck
Officers at Outs.
FORMED AN UNHAPPY FAMILY
HEBOIC MEASURES AIX>PTED
BY UNCLE SAM.
Beer Sold Like Hot Cakes at St.
Michael— A Mammoth Tusk
Brought Down on the
Steamer Samoa.
Uncle Sam is taking heroic measures
with the crew of the transport Hancock.
When the vessel goes out again she will
I carry a new list of officers, from (he
captain down. In this way the quarter
master hopes to secure peace and har
mony aboard and make the Hancock a
model transport.
There has been a great deal of friction
on the transport ever since she went into
commission. The engineers have been at
I outs among themselves and also with the
j deck officers, and in consequence all kinds
jof charges were in the air. The trouble
began the trip before last, when Chief
Engineer Murphy was taken sick and had
to be sent to the hospital at Manila. In
stead of promoting tHe first assistant to
the chief's place the Government sent
| over to the transport Senator and made
; First Assistant Owens of that vessel chief
1 of the Hancock.
The appointment was resented by every
! engineer on the Hancock and the trouble
; began. Captain Ames was drawn into the
j squaoble and the result was that several
' of the engineers were confined to their
i rooms as mutineers. When the vessel ar
-1 rived in San Francisco a number of the
i men left the ship and a temporary peace
was patched up. The men s animosity
! against Owens for taking the place of
] the chief only slumbered, however, and a
; trifling incident soon had everybody in
I hot water again. An order by the chief
j engineer brought back a short answer
: and soon all hands were by the ears.
This state of affairs lasted until the
Hancock got back to San Francisco iast
j week. Then it was that Uncle Sam
adopted heroic measures. Chief Engineer
Murphy, whose illness caused the change
i that gave rise to all the trouble, came
S back from Manila on the City of Peking
: and has taken control of the Hancock's
engine room again. All the other engin
eers nave resigned and new men will take
'■ their places. Captain Ames has also re
| signed and a new master will be appoint-
I fd. In fact, when the Hancock goes to
1 sea again she j*'Hl practically carry a
new .~et of men from captain to cabin boy.
The Hancock requires a thorough over
hauling and thousands of dollars will have
to be spent on her before she can go to
sea again. H>r machinery is in a bad
way and the bottom Is very foul. She is
too long to go into the Hunters Point dry
dock and if the Government does not
> send her to Seattle to load she will be
docked at Hongkong. If she goes to Se
attle she will go on the Port Orchard
j dock. The Hancock was taken to the
i Union Iron Works yesterday morning, but
j as she was drawing too much water she
j could not get alongside the wharf. At
■ high water last night she was got along
; side and the work of repairing her will
begin to-day.
The steamer Samoa is back in the Eu
r.'kit run again. She made one trip to
St. Michael and Cape Nome and proved
1 herself to be one of the best all-round
■ vessels that went to the gold fields this
i year. Among the passengers who came
down with her was Charles Eckland. He
i brought down with him a mammoth tusk,
j which he dug out of his claim on El Do
j rado Creek. It Is 6 feet 6 inches long.
i There were also a number of skull bones
, in the hole that the tusk came out of,
but Mr. Eckland did not secure any of
them. He is taking the tusk buck East
with him.
Another passenger who came down on
■ the Samoa was Sumner Carson, son of
the millionaire mill owner of Humboldt.
Mr. Carson went to Dawson on a specu
i lating trip and did well. He secured a
; couple of good mines and brought home
with him a long stocking filled v/lth sold.
He says he washed it out of one or his
mines himself. If he did he now has had
some practical experience at mining that
j may stand him in good stead.
The Samoa took 184r> casks of beer to
i St. Michael and Cape Nome. Every cask
j was sold fur $75 inside of forty-ei.rrht
' hours and then the miners were crying
for more.
Frank Bragg, the popular secretary of
I the Marine Engineers' Association, left
1 for Mark West Springs last night to spend
< his vacation. His wife and family accom
; pany him. They will remain at the
1 health rtsort about three weeks.
Th»ee of the Adams' apprentice boys
are missing and Uncle Sam is willing to
nay $10 each for their return to the train
i ing ship.
The river steamer Alvira broke down
i yesterday and had to be towed to a wharf
I by the tug Sea Queen.
I The tug Rescue left for San Diego last
! night to tow the schooner Sequoia to San
j Francisco. The Sequoia was damaged by
I tire and Is coming here for repairs.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Samuel. Murtin. Robert. Bertha and Rose
Berwln and Hilda Morton (wife of J. H. Mor
ton) to M A. Cachot, lot on N line of Golden
Gate avenue, 187:6 E of Stelner street, X 68:9
by N 137:6; $10.
N K. Masten to Orville R. Baldwin, lot on
S line of Jackson street, 127 E of First ave
nue E 77 SW 130, W 79:3. NE 129:0H: $1.
Orvlil« R. and Anna D. Baldwin to N. K.
Ma^tt ! ■' •■n S line of Jackson street, 204
E of Fiibl avenue, E 87:1%. SW 130. W SO:9,
NE 130 ; %\.
G 'Howard Thompson, Gustave and Etnelie
Berson to i:°rtha Schwartz, let on E line of
Mission street. K>7 S of Twentieth. S 28 by E
122 - 6' $100.
James A and Mary J. McCormlck to Safety
Mutual Building and Loan Association, lot on
S line of Twenty-first street, ISO E of Castro,
E 50 by S 114; $4350..
Estate of Otto C. A. Unckenstein (or Otto
Stein Kathleen Unckenstein, by A. C. Freese.
administrator, J. J. Raver, by A O. Catton.
commissioner) to John Carroll, lot on SE line
of South Park avenue, 285:6 NE of Third street
and ll'7:8 NW of Brannan. NE 21:6, SW 21.
NW 97:6; $3591.
' Jane Woods (Boyer) to Cathe Boyer. lot on
<?W line of Rubs street, 100 NVV of Folsom.
NW 40 SW 100. SE 40, NE 25. SE 20, NE 26.
\rw 20* NE 50; also lot on SE corner Russia
and Prague streets, E 100 by S 150, lot 1.
block 93. Excelsior Homestead Association,
Orane<?rs' Business Association (a corpora
f3ran*ers' Business Association (a corpora
tion) to O W. Kline, lot on NE line of Eighth
street. 40 ' NW ot Minna, N\V 40 by NE
6S G. W. and Ella Kline to Claus Spreckels.
jose'ph B Coryell to Robert S. Moore, lot on
tew corner of Sixteenth (Center) and Wiscon
sin streets N 400 by W 200; quitclaim deed, »10.
■ JoVeph B. Coryel! to Nicholas Ohlandt and
Tnhn A Buck, lot on NW corner of Alameda
and Rhode Island streets. N 360 by W 200;
quitclaim Seed. $10.
9an Francisco Land Company (a corpora
tion) to Nathaniel Damuth. lot on W line of
Sixth avenue, 100 S of Lake street. S 25 by
Phil X Gordon to Isabella "Wlnslow, lot SS,
Park Lane Tract No. 6: $400.
Balfour Guthrie Investment Company to
Marcaret" Hamilton (wife of Peter Hamilton),
lnt on W line of Alpine street. 145:0* S of
Thirteenth S *:!%. W 99:7. N .28. E 96:10Vi.
lot ■11 block A. Spreckels ■ sub blocks A. B
and P. Park Hill Homestead Association No.
2; *soo. , Alaineda County.
t-' M ' and Mary D. Bartlett to Jacob E.
Conn iot on N line of Lydla street, 120:7 E
of Market. E 25 by N 80, block 310. Oakland;
F E Fierce and Robert A. Archibald to
Aiiri. M Pierce (wife of F. E.) and Jane N.
Archibald (wife of Robert A.), lots 11 and 12,
block A Webster, Twenty-fourth and Valdez
street p'ropertv. Oakland; gift.
MarvL Wheeler to- J. S. Myers, lot on N
line' of Thirty-fifth (or Walton) . street. 191:3
E of Market. E 23 \>y N 120:3, beins: the E 25
feet of lot 29, block M. Map of Property of
Central Xand Company. Oakland: $10:
Charles F Tozer to Morris Goldstein, lot on
S line #f Third street, 72 E of Grove, E 26 by
S 100 being the E 3 feet of lots 5 to 8 and
W 23 ' feet lot 9. block ti. Oakland; $10. .
Martha L. Newcomb to J. H. Badger, lot on
S line of West Third street, 25 W of Lewis,
W 50, 8 67.54, SE 52.39. N 81.79, to beginning,
being' a portion of lots 2 and . 3, block I, Bay
View Homeßtend. Oakland: $:0.
Benjamin Healey to Hu Jones, lot on NW
corner of First and Julia streets, N 100 by.'.W
75 beiw? lots 19 to 22. block 12. Oakland ;. slo. ..-
Charles S. and Carrie L. Booth to George
Gliebe, lot on N corner of East Twenty-sixth
street and Fourteenth avenue, NW 105. NE 35.
SK 120. SW 35 to beginning, block 87, Highland
Park, East Oakland; foS«.
Builders' Contracts.
Bohemian Club, owner, with George R.
Lang, contractor, architect Edward R. Swain.
<"arpentry,' iron, steel, granite and brick
w.irk, etc., for additional story to a two-story
building on E line Grant avenue, 137:« S oC
Sutter, S 60 by E 92; total. $4417. I^imit Octo
ber 1, 1899; forfeit, none. Plans and specifi
cations riled.
■ ♦ ■
MERITED PROMOTIONS.
Police Commissioners Reward De
serving Officers.
Corporal Frank Norman was last Itight
promoted to the rank of sergeant by the
Police Commissioners to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of ex-Sergt-Hiit
Baldwin, who severed his connection with
the department to join the regular army.
Norman for some time past has been
acting as clerk In the office of Chief Lees.
He is regarded as one of the most valu
able men in the department, and on ac
count of his courteous treatment and
ever-ready assistance in promoting the
Interests of the force he has endeared
himself not only to Chief Lees and the
other Commissioners but to every mem
ber of the department. As .soon as his
appointment as sergeant was announced
he was besieged by his friends, who
warmly congratulated him on his pro
motion.
John Lackmann. a brother of the Super
visor, was promoted to the rank of cor
poral to take the place of Norman.
Policeman Dennis Courneen was retired
on a pension at his own request. Cour
neen has been connected with the depart
ment for over thirty years, and as he hafl
grown tired of the service he asked to be
retired. The request was unanimously
granted.
COURT NOTES.
George E. MePherson, who on July 1
was appointed as medical attendant to
assist in vaccinating applicants by the :
Board of Health, has applied for a writ
of mandate to compel the Auditor to I
audit his salary demand for $100 a month
from July 1 to August 1 of the present
year. Upon the tiling of the petition Judse
Bahrs isßued an alternative writ of man
date, returnable before Judge Seawell
August 7.
On petition of George Upton, Judge
Bahrs has issued an alternative writ of
mandate returnable before Judge Dunne
on August 7 to compel Police Judge
Treadwell to settle the petitioner's bill of
exceptions tiled preparatory to an appeal
to the Superior Court from two judg
ments against the petitioner for the of
fense of aiding and abetting a lottery.
Gi'urge H*. King, as receiver of the
Washington Savings Bank of Seattle,
Wash. which was declared Insolvent
January 27. ISP4. has sued H. W. Higgins \
to recoVer $21,700 alleged to be his con
tractual liability arising through his own
ershlp of 310 shares of the defunct Jnjti
tutlon.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late John J. Donegan was
filed yesterday. The estate, which con
sists of small real estate holdings and ]
outstanding accounts, is valued at $12,- j
289 05.
John Kenton, a civil engineer, who was ,
convicted by Judge Mogan Tuesday of I
begging and disturbing the peace at the
Occidental Hotel, was yesterday sent to
the County Jail for three months.
Mare Island Wages to Be Raised.
Congressman Kahn received a letter
from the Secretary of War yesterday an
nouncing that at the Congressman's re
quest he had concluded to reopen trre mat
ter of wages of the Government mechan
ics at Mare Island, which were reduced
about three weeks ago. Mr. Kahn had
laid before the secretary of War the fact
that wages of mechanics In California
were increasing rather than diminishing,
and that they were low enough already.
The Secretary Intimated that there was
a possibility that the former rate of
wages would be restored.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE TO MEN.
The Private Formula of a Noted
Physician Made Known— Quickly
Restores Weakened Mankind
to Strength and Vigor.
L. W. KXAPP, M.D.
A m,ost successful remedy has been found for
sexual weakness, such as impotency, shrunken
organs, nervous debility, lost manhood, night
emissions, premature discharge and all other |
results of self-abuse or excesses. It cures any I
case of the difficulty, never falls to restore the |
organs to full natural streAgth and vigor. The |
doctor who made this wonderful discovery
wants to let every man know about It. He
will, therefore, send the receipt * giving: the
various Ingredients to be used so that all men :
at a trifling expense can cure themselves. He
sends the receipt free, and all the reader need
do is to send his name and address to L. W.
Knapp, M.D., 1659 Hull building, Detroit,
Mich., requesting the free receipt as reported
in this paper. It Is a g-enerous offer, and all
men ought to be glad to have such an op- ;
portunity^^ •
BAZLBOAD TBAVKL.
Santa Fe Route
San rancisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
IHE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE j
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REOULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE ]
RATES. ;.r : .;d
NO OTHER LIJfE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
• SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1599. '". '■'- '
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL V.M.I.ET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45. 3:20. 4:00. *6:00, 6*o p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Baa
Rafae!. on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— *B:OO. »£.:00, 10:00. 11:00, 11:80 a,
m.: 1:00. 1:45. »2:30. *4:00, 5:30, 8:45 p. m.
11-00 a. m. does not run to San Ran Sundays. |
8:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
FROM^SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:25. *6:40. 7:55, 8:40. 10:10
a. m.: 1J:8O. 1:15. »*:4 O. 4:85. 8:15 p. m
FXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, . Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
STNDAYS-7:00. »8:00. »9:45. 10:45, ni:4s
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20. »8:30. *5:15. •6:00. 7:00. 10:1*
P Trains marked <•> run to Ban Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:<5. 6:50. 7:55. 8:65. 10:3J
a m.: 12:35. 2:45. 4:55. 8:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, nt 7:00. 10:20 p, m. .
SUNDAYS - 8:00. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 13:05,
1» 2 40 3:55. 5:30, fi:3o, 10:20 p. •m.
l.». t.v>. THROUGH TRAINS.
7-00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1-80 p m Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns. :
E-15 p . m. week days (Saturdays excepted)— i
Point Reyes and way stations.
i:W a m Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1.-4E p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leuve.£aii (TrancUco. via Sausallto Ferry. •
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1899.
W££K DAYS. 9:10 a, m. and 1:45 p. m. .
Eatra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. tn.. Returning Sam* Even*
«ngs. Arriving in S. F. at 11:10 p. tn.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 1:30
' and 4 p. tn.
F»r». S. F. to Summit and Return. II 40.
I tttds rnOTC & SON. Acts.. 621 Market at. i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SSBK HEAiACHE
Positively cured by tiiesa
liittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOUTHKIt?* rACIFIC COJIPAST.
(PACIFIC arsTMt.)
Train* lenvt* nn<l m'«' iliu 1 <o nrrlie i«l
MAN rRANI'U«W.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leavk — Vbom Axrotrsx 2, 1539. — ap.rivb
7:O«a Bcnicia, Sttisail and Sacramento 3:15p
7«00,v Marynvil'.e, OroTilloand UedUing via
W.".odlaud 5:13r
7:0Oa ramira, V:i<-?.r;lle and Huvasey. S:sop
7.-:10 a Martiuez, San ßjubod, Vallojo. N»p»,
' t'aliatoga and S.-inta Kosa G.-l^i>
B:OOa Atlantic lixi>rrFa, (Igden and I'.nst.. i>:4S*.
*i:t«A .San Jose, IJTernioro, Stockton,
love, Sacramento, Placrrville,
Marj-flvillo, Chico", Hod Uluff 4:l^e
Hi:iOA *Mliton, Oakd;i.le and tonora -lilsp
»:30a YoßtmHc Valley via Oakdalo and
Chtncae  4:l!ip
0:00 a Hnywards. Nilt3 and Way fctations. 1I:Joa.
1»:OOa Martiiuz, Tr.:cy, l^throp, Stockt->n,
Slcrcodand Kresno 12:15p
ViOUa Fresno, UakersUe'.d. fc?anta I'nrliarn,
Los AEtelcs, I) lining, lil l'aao.
New Orleans and East 6:43»
1O:OOa Vu!l j . Martinez and Way Stations 7: S.">p
1 I:OOa Haywards, Niles and W^y StaWowi. »t*9r
' I!£:OOh KUcb, 1 kenisore, Stockton, sacra-
mento, Hendota, Ilanford, VL-i'.ia,
Pcrtervillo l:l«p
•l:OOp Sacram»ntoltiTerStcnniorß *.S:(M)p
8:00p Haywasds, Nilca and Way Statin; a. r>:l!ip
iiMr Martinez. >Sun llaicoii, Vallejo,
th pa, Ualistogn, Hunta Uosa 0:15 a
4>OOr Benicia, Vacavillo, Hacriuimnlo,
Woodland, Knickts Landing,
Marysvilio, OroTille IO:-1»*
4»30p Niles, Ban Joae and Btookton 7:15p
•l:30p Yosemtto Sleeping Car for llaymoud I">J:lsp
B:OOpTho Onl. Tracy, Fresno, Itakcrs-
field, Saupu3 for Santa Barbara,
Los Ange!e3 t>:lsv
5:(I0p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:15p
SxUitp Martinez, Tracy, Mvudota, Fresno,
Mojavo and l.o« Angeles 8:1.1 a
B-.HOi- Santa Fo Unite. AtUntio Kxpress
forMojfiTe uikl Kast 6:13p
6iooi- Ohicago-Sau Francisco Spedal,O;;deii
. . . and I'.ast 8:5 Op
6:00p Haywards, KilesandSan Jose 7:4^a
•0:00p Valiejo 12:13p
17:00p Valleio, Port Coßta and Way Sta-
< tions J9-.53P
BtO3p OrcßOu KiprcH.vSiicru.Miunli>, Maij i-
Tilie, Iteddlug. Portland, Puget
■ .Siiiiu.l and Kast H:ls\
COAST niVlstON (Narrow iiaiige).
(Foot of Street.)
"" 17:45 a bant.i Cruz Excursion for fianta
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JSxOsp
Bil 3a Newark, Centervijlc,fJanJose,Fclton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Vi'ay
Stations 5:50*
*Sil3p Newark, Centervillo, San Joso, Nev7
Almaden, Felton, Uoulder Creek, •
Santa Cruz and -Principal Way
Stations MOiSOa
4:15p San Joae, Glenwood and Way Sta- .
tions 9i«oa
b4il3p Felton, Santa Cniz and Way Bta-
tioiiß /»»20a.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrcmSAK riliKClSCO— root or MtrUet Street (Slip 8) —
•7:16 0:00 11:00 A.M. Jl:00 *2:00 t3:03
•4:00 t5:00 »6:0:i-.m.
Fr«mOil.UHD— root otllrciid»my.— «C:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
t!2:CO "1:03 t2:00 *3:CO t4:C3 'S:03l-.M.
COAST DIVISION (DroadOaugp).
(Third and Town3end Sta.)
•6:1Oa Ocean View, South Han Francisco. . »Cj3op
•7:OOa San Jose ami Wny Btntlons (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) •SiOOa
J7:3oa Sunday Escnrsion for Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grovo and l"rinciDal V/oy
Stations JSia.ip
•iO«a Kirn Joso. Craa Fliioa, Kanta Ortiz,
Pacilic Groro. Paso ltnbli-a, Boji
I.nis Ol.iiji... Surr, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations -l;IOp
|Oi4Oa San Jose uud Way Stations «i3."»a
|I:3(>a Ban Joso and Way Stations li3Op
*Si4sp San Mateo, lUdwood, Mcnlo Park,
Palo Alto, Hauta Clara, Bun Jose,
Hollister, Santa Cruz. Sa'.iiius,
Monterey and J'acilic Grove *10i30a
•■jB»P San Jose, Santa Cruz, Paciiic Grove
and Principal Way Stations *7:30p
•4ilsp San Joaeand Principal Way Stations Oi 13a
•5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations **t«3-Vv
St3op San J»seandPrinci;.!il Way Stations "9:«0a
6»:top San Jose and Way Statlgns s::i»p
f11:43p San Jobri.ii.l AVay Stati"i)B t?:3Op
AforMoruiug. 1* for Afternoon.
•Sunday excepteiV t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
and Sunday. /Sunday and Mondsy.
CALIFOBNIA NOHTRWESTEBN £Y. CO.
LESSEQ
SAI FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAC3FIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAF ABU i
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:38,
>:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl»
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays — Eiitra tripa at 1:69
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, »:SO, U:0O a. m.; 1:80, IM.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; li:«,
1:40, 5:16 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:56 and C:3a p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:IW, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, «:40, 5:08,
(:2S p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetaen Park
tame schedule as above.
■ L.-CIV 9 I Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect Ban Francisco.
"week" Sun- 1599. IS<a- \ Week
t>ays. days. Destination. ' days. | Days.
T:3oam B:oeam Novato. |lO:4O am! 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, | 6:05 pni|lo:2S aia
1:10 pm 5:00 pm; Santa Roaa, I 7:35 pm| 6:30 pm
I Furton,
llWain Windsor, • 10:15 am
Heakl&burff,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
• :S0 pm 8:00 am Oloverdale, T:25 pm 6:JD pm
S:M am ! Hopland and i 10:25 am
:30 pm 8:00 am' Vklah. T:35 pmi 6:20 pm
l:to im 10:25 am
1 8:00 am Guernerllle. T:35 pm
1:30 pmj 6:20 pm
T:3O am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ami 8:40 ar4
and
■ :10 pm 5:00 pmi Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
T:3O am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am|lO:2s am
1:30 pm 5:00 pm l I 7:30 pmi 6:20 pm
: Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Bprlngs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
! land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Bprlngs, Saratoga BprtogS, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley*s.
BucknelPs, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville.
BoonevUle. Philo. Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brag.?.
[ 'Westport. Usal, Willltts. Laytonvllle, jCum-
! mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harri3, Olsen's. TDyer.
i Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all pointa
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bids-
; H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Asent
THE SAN FRANCISCO AMD-SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. 1593. trains will run as follows^
South-bound. . North-bound.
paseen- Mixed. ! vri T ed. ■ Passen-
ger. j Sunday j Stations. Sunday er -
Daily. Excptdl Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton ,s : *jj pm 6:00 pm
I 9:10 am 2:CS pm Merced ! 12: i2 pln l'\?, pm
10:40 am 6:SS pnv Fresno 9:30 am 2:4^ pm
11:38 am 7:4;. pm Hanford 7:40 am l:4o pm
1:25 pm 12:30 am Bakerslleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 ami 6:15 pm Visalla I 6:40 am 1:23 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare | E:5O am 1:0 a pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
i Inquire at Traffic Department. S2l MarUet at..
| San Francisco.
1112
Reception of the Heroes Who fought at Manila.
THE LAME AND HALT
LANDED AT PRESIDIO
End of the Reliefs Yoyage — Parade of the
Pennsylvania^ To-Day — Arrangements for
the Funeral of the Late Colonel Hawkins.
o * the midst of all the enthusiasm of
j arriving transports and parades of re
arriving transports and parades of re
turning volunteers the hospital ship j
JJ, Relief anchored quietly off the Presi
dio wharf yesterday morning and dis- ;
charged her melancholy cargo into the j
sick wards at the post. There was no j
cheering except from the few individuals
who went out to meet her; there were no
flags fluttering except upon the vessel
herself, and they were at half-mast; there ,
were no crowds, no whistles, no escort; j
there was only a parade of the lame and
the halt and the helpless down the gang- j
plank and into the charge of the surgeons j
awaiting them.
There were about 250 of them, the net
result of several months of Filipino war
fare, and over Three-fourths of the num
ber ' are suffering from the effects of
CCr die l.u.nrn"&
THE RELIEF AS SHE ANCHORED OFF THE PRESIDIO.
Is. They are from all regiments and
all parts of this country, and while all of
i if>m are "com - there is not one
■ tges of the tropical ser
to the regular ranks
- march of the regiments Been
the halting line filing upon
rmed a prim 'bject lesson
of what may be a man's lot in the isl
ands.
. 1 very early in the
: ■ ■ i in after 3 o'clock
I . await the pleasure of the '
quarai ers. She was examined;
in the ■ : ' ;- o'clo< k the :
Steamer Caroline was chartered to take :
men from thi vessel to the Presidio
■wharf, when every vehicle the post could
i i \\ ,ts waiting to take tht-m to the
state tug < Sovernor Irwin
-, ■ ;.; . : ;i number of officers
iciety, a band and a
uit. The. Mayor gave cheery
greeting to the invalids and the band
j ;ts livi iiest and loudest, while the
I men crowded along the rail and
- brightened under the influ
ence ; > and sounds of home.
Then some one thought of the fruit, and
tug com
: - and '■:
ami plums up to the nv>n along the rail
• t!;' n; as they came up and
Stowed them away with an avidity that
j ■ el Girard, surgeon in
charpe of the general hospital at the I'n-
... cam* out "ii the Caroline to see that
everything was running smoothly. He
t nave any trou
\ this time, so he saw to everything
ally. He wasn't sure about the
amount of fruit the men consumed, but
he thought if any harm followed it would
te nothing serious, so the men pegged
away at the fruit pile as long as there
yap anything In sight.
There w< thirty helpless pa
- among 'In- two hundred and fmy
and these were cared for first. Stretched
upon litters these men were carefully]
tak'-n from I c Relief to the deck of the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
35 YEARS
Eleven on One Limb at One Time
With Excruciating Pain. All
Remedies Tried, and Number-
less Physicians Little Benefit.
CUTICURA Speedily Cures.
My mother ha* been a victim to talceni from
*arico«o veins for thirty-five years. Eleven of
theee terrible pore* have existed at one time on
the limb affected. Excruciating pain and intense
■tsfferingwere endured, with all sorts of remedies
on trial nnd numberless physicians' calls and
prencriptiona applied, but all practically with
but little benefit. However, at laet the remedial
agent was found In Ccticuha (ointment), -which
•urely proved its weight in g»?ld, alleviating pain
and causing healing processes to commence and
a cure speedily effected. She has, also, used
Ccticcka with marked benefit in erysipelas
ef the face ar.d eczema. The Clticura Soap,
also, lias established a record only as the best
cleansing, purifying, and healing in its nature,
having proved itself a most excellent and valu-
able auxiliary to the Cctictjra (ointment).
I would remark that thin testimonial is entirely
unsolicited, being a voluntary contribution for
humanity* sake, and the commendation of the
Cuticura REMEDir.u to the fullest corrfideDce,
being satisfied of their purity, genuineness, and
»lmost mirncles wrought.
March 16, 1893. W. T. MORSE, Cabot, Vt.
CUfTCURA
Begins with the Blood and Ends with
The Skin and Scalp.
That Is to say, Citticura RgsoLvpT, greatest
of blood purifiers and humor expellers, purifies
the blood and circulating fluids of Hdmok Gkkmb,
and thus removes the cause, while warm baths
with (vticusa Soap, and gentle anointings witn
CtiTiccaA (ointment), greatest of emollient skin
cares, cleans? the skin and scalp of ernsts and
scales, allay Itching, burning, and Inflammation,
soothe and heal. Thus are speedily, permanently,
mid economically cured the molt torturing. dls-
figurine humors oftheskln, scalp, and blood, ■witn
logs of hair, when all otber remedies fall.
Sold thronthoTit the world, POTTIP D. A|rp C. Co;r.,
Frop«.,Bo«toa. How Cnr« Torturing STcia DU«««w, fr»«
Caroline, whore they were made comfort
able by the hospital stewards and their
companions. Then the remainder of the
sick men were allowed to leave the ship
and soon their baggage was sent after
them. On the Presidio there were nine
teen wagons of all shapes and sizes wait
ing to take the men to the hospital. As
before the bedridden patients were cared
for first. They were taken at once to the
general hospital proper, while the others
went to the convalescent wards in the
hrick barracks or to the .wards in the
wooden barracks. Before leaving the ship
Colonel Girard had each man given a «iip
upon which was written the letter and
number of his ward and bed. and when
the wagon drove up to the hospital door
the surgeon had but to look at these slips
to know where the men should so. There
was not a hitch or mistake and before two
hours had passed the men had been taken
from the ship, had been made comfortable
in iheir new homes, their baggage being
I unloaded from the trucKs at trie noor, ana
i most of them had had their dinner. The
; quartermaster's department had furnisnea
1 the hospital and the hospital corps had
j furnished the cooks, so the first thing
i that greeted the weary travelers was the
welcome sound of the dinner bell.
There is not at present a serious case
; among the Relief's passengers. Some of
i them have been very serious, but they
1 are all convalescing now an/1 there will
! nothing- for them to do but to get well if
they can. There are some who will never
| fully recover from the effects of their
j service, but there will be no deaths among
i them unless the unlooked for happens. On
the way here three of the men died, one
from the effects of his wounds and the
other two from disease, but otherwise
the trip up was made without incident.
There are six San Francisco men among
! the Invalids, all from the First California
Regiment. Four of them are suffering
! from wounds. Slade is the worst of the
. six. fie was wounded in the left leg be
i low the knee at San Pedro Mecarte and it
j had to be amputated; Jantzen and
Thompson and Yerg were also wounded
and Scrase and McDonald are down with
i dysentery- Two men from the California
Volunteer Artillery are also among- the
I number.
! On the whole the sick men are not un
happy. They have been divided into three
classes— those who are bedridden and 'who
need the attendance, of female nurses;
t hose who can partially care for them
selves and who are on diet, and those who
are . o far recovered that they need no
i attention and who are allowed to eat any-
I thing.- They are well cared for and they
get all the liberty possible, and many of
1 them will be ready to be discharged when
their regiments come home.
Following is the official list of the sick
and wounded who came in on the Relief:
OFFICERS— John F. />ilinger, First
! Nebraska Volunteers; Captain Adna Clarh,
Twentieth Kansas Volunteers; Second Lleu-
I tenant Collin H. Ball. Twentieth Kansas
; Volunteers; Second Lieutenant O. C. Lapp,
First Dakota Volunteers.
HOSPITAL CORPS UNITED STATES
: ARMY- Hospital Steward F. H. Lahna, Acting
■ H< spital Steward C. E. Boles, Harry B. Coch
i rane. Thomas Glover, Charles 11. Slater, Ernest
A. Wildhagen. :
THIRD UNITED STATES ARTILLERY—
Floyd G. Allison. Battery G.
BIXTH DNITBD STATES ARTILLERY—
Sergeant R. B. Quigley, Battery D; J. L.
Perry, Battery H. •
FOURTH UNITED STATES CAVALRY—
Charles Love, Tronp E.
THIRD UNITKD STATES INFANTRY—
■William Eaglen, Company G; J. W. Wilson,
Company G; F. E. Hlldreth, Company H; Allen
Baker, Company X; Corporal N. K. Klrtley,
Company L; E. W. Bruce, Company L; Edwin
Horton, Company L; S. Pevehouse, Company
L; Met M. Debate, Company M; C. E. Port
man, Company M.
FOURTH UNITED STATES INFANTRY—
Corpora] J. L. Teachout, Company B; Cor
poral C. H. Rotramel, Company C; Corporal J.
Hayes Jr., Company L; V. Ostrander, com
pany C; G. D. Breckenrldge, Company E; A.
Bexton, Com pan v L.
NINTH UNITED STATES INFANTRY—
John L. Halnley, Company E.
FOURTEENTH UNITED STATES IN
FANTRY—John C. Brown, Company A; Her
bert Foulks, Company C; Corporal H. Middle
ton, -Company I; Corporal Pason Riggs, Com
pany I; William H. Harris, Company L; H. E.
Sweitzer; Company L; Richard Hughes, Com
pany M; J. S. Mayfleld, Company 31.
SEVENTEENTH UNITED STATES IN
FANTRY—CharIes Weiss, Company D; Charles
11. Brush, Company E; W. E.. Carpenter, Com
pany I.; Earl Bieber, Company M; E. S.
Chester, Company M; William P. Ramsey,
Company M.
TWENTIETH UNITED STATES IN
FANTRY—CorporaI J. C. Tinkler, Company C;
Sergeant Charles W. Rye, Company i.; Wil
liam H. Harmon, Company I.
TWENTY-FIRST UNITED STATES IN
FANTRY—John Murray, Company E.
TWENTY-SECOND UNITED STATICS IN
FANTRY—CorporaI Maurice Cain, Company A;
J. Ehalainen, Company A; J. B. M-Coiniaok,
Company A; Charles M. Hall, Company C; Wil
liam S. O'Brien. Company D; W. M. Jtollin,
Company G; Bert E. Clough, Company G: C.
Smith, Company I; GeorKe W. Jackson, Com
pany K.
TWENTY-THIRD UNITED STATES IN
FANTRY—George Lawrence, Company .B;
George B. Sheehan, Company F.
SIGNAL CORPS, UNITED STATES VOLUN
TEERS — Corporal Clarence J. Prendergrast,
Eighteenth Company.
UTAH VOLUNTEER LIGHT ARTILLERY—
D. J. Davis, Battery A; John Braman, Bat
tery P,
WYOMING VOLTNTEER LIGHT ARTIL
LERY—Joseph P. Green. Battery A.
CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEER HEAVY AR
TILLERY— B. J. Bolderman, Battery A; B.
Goodwin, Battery I>
FIRST CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEER IX
FANTRY—John W. Slade. Company A; W B.
Thompson, Company B; Corporal C. A. Scrase,
Company C; R. Jantzen, Company F; R. J. Mc-
Donald, Company F; Hermann Yerg:, Com
pany L.
FIRST COLORADO VOLUNTEER IN
FANTRY—CorporaI Bert E. Young, Company
B: Clarence Boyd. Company B; F. J. Henry,
Company B: Charles A. Lewis, Company C; H.
E. Mattox, Company D: Asa Morrill, Company
D; Harry Heywer, Company E; D. E. Golden,
Company E; Frank A. Duval, Company F
(died); Corporal J. T. McCorkle. Company G;
F. McLaren. Company H: Edgar T. Pate, Com
pany H; Corporal S. G. McWllllams. Company
THE SAN FRAISTCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3, 1899.
I FIRST IDAHO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY—
I E. G. E. Overstreet, Company B; J. Ruete
meypr, Company B; Musician William H.
KoenlKS. Company D: E. E. Oylear, Company
{ D; Sergeant H. P. Eastman. Company E; Ser
■■ geant A. R. Keugh. Company F.
FIFTY-FIRST IOWA VOLUNTEER IN
! FAXTRY--J. L. Eaktn, Company A; W. J.
1 Merrill, Company A; Harry W. Price, Company
A: William C. Schrler, Company A; E. F.
Tlbbetts, Company A; H. H. Rohde. Company
B; Elmer F. Xarver, Company D; William R.
Parks, Company E: M. C. Hutchinson. Com
' i-any F; R J. Innis, Company H: Charles J.
! Kinney, Company H; A. E. Wharff. Company
Hi C. B. Sheets, Company X; C. M. Gardner.
! Company X; Sergeant Edwin Rose, Company
! M: Corporal William J. Jeffers. company M;
Charles W. Lee. Company M; Joseph I. Markey,
Company M ; George W. Sear=, Company K.
I TWENTIETH KANSAS VOLUNTEER IN
! FANTRT— Wagoner H. E. Wagner. Company
! A; B. J. Haskins. Company A: C. H. Reasoner,
| Company A: J. C. Springstead, Company A;
I M. J. Powell. Company B; Sergeant Joseph
Be?ser. Company (': Corporal Frank I. Sam
ple. Company C: William E. Ledger, Company
C; E D. McClure, Company C; J. F. Pinzon.
! Oimpnny C; William B. Sprairue, Company C;
i William' V. Taylor, Company C; J. E. Ganste'.n,
1 Company D; W. E. George. Company D; A.
I Hollinssheart. Company X; William McDouprall.
i Company F: Musician H. R. Watklns, Company
i H; A. R. Mills. Company H: C. Scott, Com
i pony H: Musician J. A. Shively, Company I;
i J E Ballou. Company I; E. A. Jordan. Com
pany I; William F McGrew. Company I; V\ il
' Ham Tull. Company I; Charles L. Werner,
: Company I; Artificer H. H. Graham. Company
X Andrew Dal ton, Company X: W. A. Hub
'■ hard. Company X: Artificer J. W. \\ llson.
Company L>: corporal Albert Dooley, Company
M; J. F. wulck. Company M.
j THIRTEENTH MINNESOTA VOLUNTEER
: INFANTRY --R.--scoe a. Day, Company A; A.
W Smith. Company A; Corporal A. F. Kav
: anauqh. Company C: Thomas F. Galvin, Com
; pany C; chnrles P Mason. Company C; Corpo
: ral' R. K-lllher. Company X: Corporal George
E MahEr, Company E; Sergeant Jobn E.
Karro. Company V. William E. Gore, Company
F M L LeMay. Company F; J. H. <nlmore,
any H: Leonard Olsen, Company H;
; Go Tge R York Company H; Allen A. bnmes,
Company I: William F. Siegler. Company X;
1 J W. McCormlck, Company L: .F. McGil
ton. Company L; Louis Ulmer, Company L;
M. A. Bertramson, Company M: B. M. Blood,
Company M: E. J. Fehr, Company M.
FIRST MONTANA VOLUNTEER IN
FANTRY— Sergeant A. Wesslteh, Com
pany C; H. B. Gray, Company C; A. S. Hicks,
Company C; Corporal A. M. Clay. Company
F: G. B. Raymond, Company G; John Nllson,
Company if: E<l .1. Linn. Company I; Paul
Harman, Company X: H. A. Bennett, Company
L; John F. K-n«. Company L.
FIRST NEBRASKA VOLUNTEER IN
FANTRY— E. Playford, Company B; D. M.
Scrlvens, C mpai i.. Sf-rgeant H. E. Clapp,
Company D; .\ . D. Glrton, Company D; Rich
ard James, Company D; Artificer James D.
Wolfe. Com] E; Oscar Dedmore, Company
<;; Alva V. Gregg, Company G; Edwin F.
<ir--gg. Company I: H. A. Bennett, Company
L: F. O. Reed. Company- L; .t. W. Forsythe,
Compary M; H. C. Steers, Company M; T. J.
Williams, Company M.
FIRST NORTH DAKOTA VOLUNTEER
INFANTRY— Sergeant A. McKlnnon, Com
pany C; Lloyd Ryall, Company D.
SECOND OREGON VOLUNTEER INFAN
TRY—O. A. Reynolds, Company A; Corporal H.
M. Wagner, Company B; Douglas Glenn, Com
pany D; R. W. Price, Company E; A. Rock-
I well, Company E; Sergeant James Collins,
Company F; Sergeant G. J. Loutenschlager,
Company G: Bd L. King, Company H; Ed
mund Cyrus, C mpany I; Corporal E. R. Bal
lard, Company L: R. P. Marshall. Company L;
Corporal \V. c. Johnson, Company F.
TENTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEER
INFANTRY— F. Miller, Company C; Harry
I Wilson, Company D; Corporal Ell 11. Wherry,
Company H; B. McKennan, Company H; M.
Barclay. - Company I: A. Y. Crouse, Company
X: K. E. Kent. Company K.
FIRST SOUTH DAKOTA VOLUNTEER IN
FANTRY—CorporaI J. W. Wilson, Company
A: W. E. Hoover, Company A; Martin Bahn
son, Company B; F. 11. Goeble. Company B;
Corporal I). Martindale, Company C; Wag-
I goner Joseph Waugh, Company C; Earl C.
! Baker, Company- C; Eugene Karr, Company C;
Homer A. Baker, Company D: Edwin W.
Heald, Company D; Lester A. Lines, Company
1>; John Murphy.' Company D; Henry Ander
son, Company E; C. C. Swafford. Company E;
W. R. nartlett. Company F; B. H. Strobel.
j Company. F; Arthur E. Spawn, Company G;
Sergeant H. J. Schull, Company H; Charles
Cantield. Company I; J. H. Stockmeyer, Com
i 1 any I; Marion S. Bokln, Company X; H. F.
Lake, Company X; W. L. Walleok, Cotnpany
i L; W. E. Weller, Company L; J. J. Tomp
klns. Company M.
FIRST TENNESSEE VOLUNTEER IN-
Quartermaster Sergeant William L.
Scott, Company M.
FIRST WASHINGTON VOLUNTEER IX
FANTRY- A. C. Anderson, band; H. O. Rob
inson, Company C: H. L. Osborn, Company E;
Albert Manning. Company G; W. H. Adklns,
Company H; Robert Hovey, Company H; E.
H. A. Fischer, Company I; George Robertson,
Company I; Corporal R. E. Bucklln, Company
X: H. C. VaUKhn. Company L.
FIRST WYOMING VOLUNTEER IN
FANTRY—T. W. Brown, Company C; S. B.
Coats, Company C; Chris Kaus, Company H
(died).
CIVILIAN— John B. Wetherbee.
ON SICK LEAVE Captain William J. Wat
son, Twentieth Kansas Volunteers; First
Lieutenant John C. McArthur, Third United
States Infantry. ' ->W-i ;'■■
Private of Hospital Corps from detachment of
Hospital Corps of hospital ship Relief trans
ferred sick to general hospital— John S. Strain,
rital Corps, United States Army.
The following casualties oocurred en route:
Frank P. Duval, private Company F. First
Colorado, died at Nagasaki, June 28. 1899, of
septic meningitis following gunshot wound In
right leg.
Chris Kaus, private Company H, First Wy
oming, died at Yokohama. July 7, 1899, of
malarial cachexia.
W. R. Bartlett. private Company F, First
South Dakota, died at »ea, July 28, 1599, of
acute dysentery. ■
The remains of all three were embalmed and
brought to this port.
THE KEYSTONE BOYS
ARE TO PARADE
Arrangements for* the Funeral
cf 'the Late Colonel
Hawkins.
THE Pennsylvania troops will
disembark from the Senator at
9 o'clock this morning:, and as the
regiment swings into Market street
The Call's cannon will be fired three
times to announce the beginning of
the march to the Presidio.
Three heavy batteries, one light
battery and the regimental band of
the Third Artillery will act as escort,
supplemented by the Nebraskans,
with possibly the Oregonians and
Utah men.
The line of march will be: East
street to Market street, to Golden
Gate avenue, to Van Ness avenue, to
Lombard street, to Presidio.
Along this line of march the citi
zens are expected to give welcome
to the Penney Ivan i ans with. Uie usual
PLANS BIG RECEPTION
FOR CALIFORNIA BOYS
Citizens' Committee Decides on a Grand Night
Parade With Electric Arches and Fire
works to Dazzle the Multitude.
THE gallant soldlrr hoys of the
First California Volunteers will be
accorded a grand welcome home
from the Philippines if the plans
of the Citizens' Committee which
has general charge of the arrange
ments for their reception are not
marred by some unforeseen inci
dent. The committee has taken
hold of the work with great energy and
already a large amount of preliminary
work hns been accomplished. A general
scheme for the reception and entertain
ment of the Califomiar.F was mapped out
at the meeting of the committee in the
office of Mayor Phelan in the Phelan
building yesterday afternoon, and pro
vides for a big torchlight parade of the j
veterans on the evening of their arrival,
accompanied by a grand display of fire
works all along the line of march and a
banquet in the big ferry building at the |
foot of Market street. This parade will
be In addition to the parade of the troops
from the wharf to the Presidio in the
forenoon, which will be of a more in- i
formal character, although none the less j
imposing.
The full committee was present at yes- j
i terday's meeting. Mayor Phrtan an
i nounced that he had received a commu- '
j nication from Lieutenant Colonel Barnett [
1 of the Pennsylvania regiment, requesting '
permission to use the rotunda of the City
Hall, where the remains of the gallant
Colonel Hawkins could lie in state until j
they were shipped East. The Mayor said |
he had granted there-quest. The Mayor was
appointed a committee of one to arrange
for the draping of the rotunda for the re
ception of the body. The Mayor also re
ported that in view of the desire of the
Pennsylvanians not to be accorded a
public reception he had addressed the fol- j
lowing letter to the commanding officer
of the reaLment:
SAN FRANCISCO, Augu.-t 2, ■
Lieutenant Colonel Barnett, Pennsylvania
United States Volunteer Kepim«nt Dear Sir:
I'lease accept on behalf oi your regriment the i
sincere sympathy of th<> \ eople of San Fran
cisco In your great bereavement. The death
uf Colonel Hawkins saddens the otherwise
cordial reception which our '-iti/.trns ha.l pre
pared for you. Should you decide to have the
body of your late Colonel lie In state, 1 re- :
gpectfully offer you the us. 1 of the rotunda of
our City Hall. Tours truly.
JAMES J. PHELAN, Mayor.
Secretary McPike reported that he had
contracted for the erection of a tent 30x60
in Union square to be used as a reception
tent, the contractors also agreeing to put
up a smaller tent 12x16 for the headquar- i
ters of the committee gratis, both tents
to be ready lor occupancy to-day. The
secretary's action was approved and AN..
11. Leahy was appointed a committee of
one to purchase .five dozen chairs to be
placed in the tents. The secretary was
also instructed to arrange for lighting the
tents with electricity.
The subject of benefits to be given by j
the various theaters in aid of the recep- !■
tion fund was then taken up, A. M. Law- \
rence stating that it was hoped to raise j
at least 15000 by this means and urging
the necessity of immediate action. By
invitation of the committee, representa
tives of nearly all the theaters with the
exception of Morosco's and the Alcazar
were present to give their views on the
display of flags and decorations, and
the streets will be lined with cheering
thousands who recognize no State
lines in their efforts to show the re
turning veterans that their patriotic
work has been appreciated.
Out of respect to the memory of Colo
nel Hawkins nothing was oone on the
transport Senator yesterday. The men
were allowed the freedom of the biu Gov
ernment dock, and later many were al
lowed Into the city. They slept aboard,
however, and this morning they will
march up Market street, as the others
have done, and the city will turn out to
welcome them with cheers and whistles.
and flags, just as If there never had been
a volunteer parade passing along the cob
bles.
This morning at 0 o'clock the regiment
will disembark. Awaiting it will be three
heavy batteries and one light battery of
the Third Artillery and the regimental
band, under command of Captain Sedg
wick Pratt, Third Artillery, which will
act as escort. In addition the Nebraska
men will turn out and probably the Utah
men, but up to last evening Major Grant
had issued no orders regarding the mat
ter. The Oregon regiment' has also been
invited to parade, but General Summers
had issued no orders last evening. The
entire escort will form on East street.
each organization with its own bantt, so
there should be no lack of martial music.
There will also be ten Red Cross ambu
lances for the weak and infirm. At the
Presidio everything is .in readiness for
the Pennsylvania men. They will be
Quartered between the Oregon and the
Nebraska men, and all they will have, to
do Is to take possession. Th,ey should be
comfortably <|iiarterfcd before, the middle
of this afternoon.'
The body of Colonel Hawkins was re
moved from the transport yesterday at
noon and was taken to an undertaking
establishment, where it is being prepared
for burfai. Jt has a guard of men from
the regiment constantly watching over it,
and when it goes East there will be one
of the officers of the regiment detailed to
accompany it.
The time for the funeral has not. yet
been set, but it is not probable it will be
held sooner than Saturday or Sunday.
Mayor Phelan has offered the use of the
rotunda of the City Hall in which to havo
the body lie in state, but his offer has not
yet been accepted. So far the arrange
ments contemplate a funeral service at
the Masonic Temple and an escort of
troops and Knights Templar.
There will be no successor to the colonel
appointed unless present plans be
changed. The regiment is to be in service
such a short time that it has been decided
to be mustered out as a Hawkins regi
ment, and the desire of the men in this
direction will probably be granted.
Among the trophies of the regiment are
three ancient Spanish guns secured at the
Wall City arsenal. The largest belongs to
Lieutenant Colonel Barnett, who Intends
to present it to the State of Pennsylva
nia. The piece bears the inscription: "Se
villa. 1776." Another gun and quite a
small one is a little pivot "lantaka. It
is evidently very old and of but little use
as a weapon of defense. The third is an
elaborately carved brass piece, also fitted
with a pivot; but neither it nor. the little
one carries a date or inscription of any.
kind. The third gun belongs to Major
Berier. All three guns were purchased by
the officers of the regiment after the fall
of the arsenal. The two smaller ones came
from Mindanao and the large one , from
the Sulus. , ?■■ - : -l'i ■
As soon as the transports docked yes
terday morning three -men were sent to
the general hospital at the Presidio. They
were Rudolph Themke of Company D, en
listed at "Manila, who was insane; Loman
J. Waddell of Company B, Buffering from
dysentery, and James Clark of Company
E, suffering from appendicitis. r The re
mainder of the men are in excellent
health.
The committee of Pennsylvanians who
have ccme to welcome their heroes home
arrived on the delayed overland last even
ing and registered at the Palace. It con
sists of State Senator Charles A. Muehl
bronner, chairman; E. O. Christy, secre
tary; W. B. Cuberthson of New Brighton,
a brother of Lieutenant Colonel Cuberth
son of the regiment; R. M. Cook of Oan
nonshurg. Josh Wood of Waynesburg,
Lucien Clawson of Greensburg, J. A. Her
ron of Monongahela, George B. Carm^r of
subject and to offer suggestions. Mr.
Morosco sent word that he would agree
to do as well as the other theaters, and
it Is understood Mr. Belasco of the Alca
zar is equally willing. Manager Fried
lander said he wished to correct a mis
understanding in regard to the report that
he had agreed to donate the gross receipts
of one night's performance. He could not
do that, as he was not In a position to
ask the Frawley Company, now playing at
the California, to donate their services.
He was willing, however, to arrange a
matinee performance for the benefit of
the fund. Manager Gottlotj of the Co
lumb.vi suggested that all the theaters
combine in giving one big benefit. This
met with the approval of Manager Leahy
of the Tlvoli, who thought the Orpheurh
Offered the best facilities for such a per
formance.
It was pointed out that not more than
.SIBOO or $2000 could be raised by a single
benefit, and W. J. Martin. The Call rep
resentative on the committee, suggested
as a solution of the difficulty that the
entire matter be referred to the various
theater managements to arrange individ
ual benefits and turn the proceeds over
to the committee, thus providing an in
centive to each to do its best. After some
further discussion, however, it was de
cided to constitute the managers of all
the theaters a committee to take charge
of the matter, the idea being that three
separate benefits shall be given, two the
aters to contribute to- each. A meeting
of this committee will be held in the Co
lumbia at 10 o'clock this morning. Man
ager Meyerfeld announced that he would
entertalrt the Pennsylvania volunteers at
the Orphcum any evening selected by the
committee, and Mr. Martin was delegated
to make the necessary arrangements.
Managers Mutt and EllinghoUse offered
to donate the proceeds of a week's per
formance in the Alhambra Theater to the
benefit fund.
Colonel Sullivan reported that the hos
pital ship Relief had arrived in port and
that he had taken out a supply of deli
cacies for those on board, but that while
tin- courtesy was appreciated by those in
charge of the ship, the proffered "good
les" had been declined and had then been
taken to the Presidio to be distributed
among the volunteers there.
\Y. J. Martin, chairman of the commit
tee on decorations, reported that he had
appointed the following gentlemen to
serve with him on that committee: W.
H. Mills. Robert Oxnard, I. W. Hellman
Jr., Henry P. Fortman and A. Schilling.
H<> also reported that designs for the two
ric arches authorized at the last
meeting of tin- committee would be re
celved Friday. Mr. Martin's report was
adopted, and he then offered a resolution
that it be the sense of 'the committee
that there be a night parade. Mayor Phe
lan suggested that it might not be ad
visable to have two parades, and that it
had already been decided that the volun
teers should march from the wharf to
the Presidio in the morning. Mr. Martin
stnmgly contended that without a night
parade the whole effect of the electric
display would be marred. This view of
the i ase was taken by Mr. Lawrence and
the resolution was adopted.
M. 11. tje Young read a draft of a let
ter he proposed to send to each member
of the finance committee, of which he is
chairman, requesting them to meet in the
Supervisors' room of the City Hall Fri
day afternoon. The letter was prompts
approved by the < inunittee.
Mr. Martin announced that a meeting
of the committee on decorations would
be held in the downtown office of the
Patterson, E. W. Marlßnd of Pittsburg,
Mrs. John Insley of Jeannette (the only
lady number of the committed, 11. j.
Ford of the Chronicle-Telegraph of i'itts
burg. L. W. Strayer of the Commercial,
K. W. Herwood of the Times-News, John
Angus Mackaye of the Dispatch, C. E.
Lockr of the Press, H. 11. Null of the
Greensburg Press, C. \V. Campbell of the
Philadelphia Inquirer ami C. W. Strine
of the Philadelphia North American.
The c< mmittee received its ftrst news of
the death of gallant Colonel Hawkins
while Mtill on the road and the first thin?
it did upon arriving last night was to
meet, late as the hour was, ami pass reso
lutions of sympathy and condolence.
Beyond taking care of their boys in a
general way the committee has made no
plans for their entertainment while here.
They will be takt n home In a body as
soon as they are mustered out and at
Pittsburg a grand jubilee, in which all the
surrounding towns will join, will be held,
and if money, enthusiasm and sincerity
can accomplish anything, they will then
learn of the grateful love in which they
are held by the appreciative people of the
State upon which they have conferred so
much honor.
The committee say? that the railroads
hay« joined with the rest in donating
something toward the welcome home
fund. They have made special rates
which amount to the equivalent of
a $25,000 present and from Chicago
to Pittsburg the entire regiment
will travel on a pass. The only road
which failed to give something was the
Southern Pacific, which, looking at the
matter from a strictly business point of
view, maintains regular rates.
Upon arriving at New Brighton, the first
town they stop at within the limits of
their native State, the entire regiment'
will l>e entertained at a monster break
fast which has been got up for their re
freshment by the residents of Beaver
County.
Vaudeville for Veterans.
Following the custom It has established
the Orpheum will entertain the Pennsyl
vania regiment at the theater tO-nlght.
As In the case of the Nebraska regiment,
it will take half of the men the first
night and to-morrow evening the re
mainder will be invited. The tickets were
turned over to the citizens' reception com
mittee yesterday. The first installment
will be one of 400. The invitation includes
a tender of box seats for seventeen offi
cers. The Orpheum has so far entertained
the Oregon regiment, the sick and wound
ed from the Morgan City and the Ne
braska regiment, besides Issuing invita
tions for to-night and to-morrow night.
The invitation each time has Included
beer and cigars for all the guests.
Catholic Truth Society.
The regular monthly services under the
auspices of the Catholic Truth Society
were held last night in St. Mary's Cathe
dral. Rev. Father O'Ryan delivered an
interesting discourse on the subject of
"Salvation." which, he argiied, could only
be obtained by invoking the grace of God.
"Man is destined," he said, "for a super
natural end. and we must use supernat
ural means in working out our own salva
tion."
LARGE CROWDS
GOING TO TAHOE
The Low Excursion Kate Attracts
Many Visitors to That Popu
lar Resort.
One of the most popular and most
talked of excursions is the one made
possible by the Southern Pacific Com
pany Friday to Monday Tahoe tickets.
For the astonishing \o\\ rate of $10 80
(this includes a steamer trip around
the lake) a trip rich in scenic attrac
tions may be taken. This journey fa
miliarizes the traveler with peaks and
plains, lakes and rivers, canyons and
mountain passes. The Tahoe region
has long been famous as one of the
most picturesque and popular moun
tain resorts in the West.
Train leaves San Francisco at 6 p. m.
Tickets on sale at 613 Market street, j
Hale^ I
>fi rQ t o -|1 watch; S
< 111 Dlf ICi 11 shirtwaist V^
> underwear y c
V ShOWmff hereto day Not )
f O a few samples, J
J but loads of new garments for fall and S
/■ winter, warm, long wearing, with Hale's \
I guarantee in every stitch and fiber.
s See them in the windows.
> At 25c At 50c
) natural gray merino vests, -ladies' heavy, fleeced, ribbed
r pantalets and drawers, for * .-^
k boys and girls 2 to 14 years; vests and pants, in fine,
I heavy, durable garments. combed> white Eyyptlan
I r/\ ton; vests shaped at waist,
S p^ sllC Bilk shell - flnished P«arl but-
I tons half down the front; new
% ladies' half-wool Jersey-ribbed , , •-.■';•■)
C vests, in natural gray; high improved seams; pants made %^
* neck and short sleeves; sizes ; on sateen bands, buttoned at f
L 3 and 4; regular 75c line. tne side; B i zeB 3 to 7.
> At 50c .. 7 j. J
\ ladies' jersey-ribbed pants. Al I 1) V
, ankle length, open back; half V
)wool; warm, comfortable gar- j ladies' wool knit vests and
J ments, in white only; sateen j pants, in natural gray; very f
\ sizes'^ aid S ?. lar PliCe <0C; m -ft and warm, nicely finished, I
\ . with new improved seams; r
k. 1 i nr . sizes 30 to 44.
r At 75c . -«. so „«. S
? ladies' heavy jersey-ribbed . A^ __ r
r vests and pants, in half wool; j A - |L 1 yk ■ t
S vests have long sleeves, self J\\, n\l*LtJ j3
*/ front and pearl buttons, new .
k Improved seams;, pants made ; ladies' Jersey-ribbed wool vesta
f on French band, open at sides; and pants of exceptional qual (
> natural color, in small, me- and pants, of exceptional qual- i
dium and large sizes. ity; come in pink, natural and \
) white; vests have long sleeves, f
i 1 rf*-| A A grosgrain silk bands in front,
•P^ WIcUU pearl buttons, satin tapes in 2
>. . ! neck; new improved seams; C
ladies' ribbed wool equestri- _, . keeDine with the \
• enne drawers, open and 1 nnisn m Keeping with the *
W closed; black only. I quality.
i Doctors recommend Deime!
1 linen mesh underwear. V
L. c C
/ Brown's I&JmY^Jm /&/ # ' c School V
J served free am/ ''^ — S — ~~^^ pencil boxes, %
f every day W^jQOO^GOOO*^ lunch boxes l. >
\ to ladies. 987 t0 947 Market Street. ■- Aisle 4l f
Mayor in the Phelan building at 3 o clock
this afternoon, and an adjournment or
th- general committee was then taken
until 11 o'clock Monday morning.
POLICE ARE PATRIOTIC.
The Force Wants to Join the
Reception.
At the request of Chief Lees, the Pc
lice Commissioners last night took up the
question of assisting in the reception of
the California volunteers who are about
to return from the Philippines. In a stir
ring speech, he depicted the noble work
done by the California boys in th ? re
cent war with Spain. After glorifying
their deeds, the head of the department
suggested that each member be assessed
in order to raise sufficient money to "Rive
the boys a good time," as he expressed it.
\tier considerable discussion, it was
finally decided 'to postpone action In the
matter until the next meeting. '1 he 1 om
uilsstoners are fayorable to Jhe proposi
tion and it is understood that it tneir
next meeting they will order an assess
m> nt levied on each member <<f the de
partment as suggested by Chief Leys.
The Minstrel Show.
The minstrel entertainment that was
pivon in Native Sons' Hall last night in
aid of the medal fund of the Native Sons
committee was enjoyed by about 1500 peo
ple The only decoration was the display
of Old Glory at the hark of the stage,
flanked by large portraits of Dewey and
SchTey. Twelve young men in National
Guard uniform filled the rear row of the
aggregation of minstrel?. The interlocu
tor was Dr. W. H. Seiberst, the tambos
were Jack Eagan. Charley Cathcart and
Hirrv O^thnff. nnd the hones were Wil
liam J. Hynes, Mai Furst and Fred Glock
er The opening number was a medley,
introducing popular airs. The finale was
a patriotic and soul-inspiring tableau en
titled 'California's Welcome." arranged
by L A. Auradou. Miss Minnie Kleve
shal of 1..a Estrella Parlor represented
California extending the glad hand of wel
come and a wealth of laurel to the Cali
fornia boys. who were represented by a
detail of Company E of the Oregon volun
teers, representing the returning Callfor
nians. and the balance of the company of
performers representing the citizens re
ceiving the boys. The effect was very
pretty and the scene was wildly applaud
ed. The programme was followed by
dancing.
Indies' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 324 Post st.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
LOCK AT IT!
$3.50 This Week.
Beautiful White Enameied
Bed With Brass Trim-
mings.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
1017-1023 MISSION STREET,
flbovo Slxtrj-
Phone South 11. Open Evsn-.ags.
3-Day Specials !
a dolJar saved is a dollar earned; •
no pleasanter way of earning th«
• dollars is ever provided you thaa
these Rathjen special sales.
BACON, Ib.. ...- Isc
finest Eastern sugar-cured, regular prtc«
18c.
CALIFORNIA OLIVE OIL, qt bot 70s
"Santa Barbara" ..pint 40c
guaranteed absolutely pure, regular price
SSc and 50c.
SARDINES, medium tin 20c, large 30c
Penanros' boneless, none better, regular
price 25c a.nd 35c.
WhISKEY, bot. 75c, 3botss2-0O
jrallon $3.00
the celebrated E. C. Berry, spring '90, regu-
lar price $1 and $4.
ANGELICA WINE, bot 35c, 3 bots $1
of rare old vintage, regular price 60c.
PARLOR MATCH 4 pkgs 25;
Ideal brand— most reliable, regular prio«
3 packages 25c.
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard."
T«lep hona Main 5522. ! Telephone West 151.
TURKISH
I UlllilUll
A *fLRUGS
AT
ABSOLUTE AUCTION,
TURKISH RUG CO.'S ART ROOMS,
125 GEARY ST.,
Commencing
THIS DAY, Thursday, August 3,
'■ at 2:30 P. M., f op one week.
[CTConnoisseurs and Home and Office Fur-
nishers are Invited to this Important Pale.
. A. W. LOUDERBACK, Auctioneer.
NOTICE!
The public are hereby cautioned
that Dr. John H. Decker, denti>t,
is NOT connected with my fffice.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER,
Dentist (30 years),
Phelan Building (18 years).
Dr. R. L. Walsh,
/jfiMP^flJkuuttiK 815 % GEARY ST.. bet.
<£3eP*s**9B&a«l^. ■ Hyde and Larkin.
••^ ~ i=rT r*Jgg3^ryr Painless Extraction..
U^F. x « y»fi\J Crowns *."."!'."."9a.u0
>llM ; Islii^"^ Flesh-colored Plates..
- - IPS.OO
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
epecialty. Have received TEN flret prizes . fbr
this branch of dentistry. No students. 1*
years' experience.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year