VOLUME LXXXVI- NO. 52.
INGERSOLL, THE AGNOSTIC,
DIES JUST AS HE DESIRED
Recent Hope That He Would Pass Away
Painlessly and Without Warning
Strangely Realized,
HEART DISEASE
THE CAUSE OF
HIS DEMISE
♦- —
Stricken Suddenly Wtyle
Conversing With rjis
Devoted Wife.
— ♦_ —
LIFE OF THE NOTED MAN
— .
Early in hi i Career Me Be
came Famous as an
Attorney, Writer and
Orator.
Special Dls-patrh • t.-> Tl-» Call
Robert G. Ingersoil has gone tc see
what his system of philosophy is
worth. Th 3 man. his life and his work
will be widely ?nd variously dis
cussed, but in all the wide and vari-
ous discussion there will remain the
weak point that men of to-day arc
too close to him to judge him. The ,
effect of his words and his works ;
needs perspective. He has died as
he has lived, the greatest of modern
unbelievers.
MEW" YORK, July 21.— Colonel
Robert G. [ngersoll died at his
home. : n-on-Hudson, . near
Dobbs Ferry, to-day. His death
was sudden and unexpected an '.
resulted from the heart disease from
which he had suffered since 1896. P.*.
♦hat year, .during the Republican .Na
tional Convention, he was taken ill and
had to return home. He never fully re
covered from the attack of heart .dis
ease and was tinder th- care of physi
clans constantly. -
For th-" iast three days Colonel In
gersoll has not been feeling well. Last
night he was in better health and
spent a portion of the evening playing
billiards with Walston H. Brown, his
son-in-law. and C. P. Farrell. his
brother-in-law and private secretary.
He cr-cmed to. be in better health and
spirits when he retired than he had
been for several lays.
This morning he arose at the usual
hour ar.d joined the family at break
fast. He then said he had spent a bad
night, but felt better. He had been suf
fering from abdominal pains and tight
ness about the ches;. He did not think
his condition at all dangerous. After
breakfast he telephoned to Dr. Smith,
his physician, who is at haven, and
told him of his ■ experience during
the night. Dr. Smith told him to
continue the u?.^ of nitro-glycerine and
that he would see him during the day.
Colonel ingers< ill spent the morning
swinging in a hammock and sitting mi
the veranda with the members of the
family. He said he was better and had
no pain. At 12:30 he started to go up
stairs.
On reaching the head of the stairs
Colonel Ingersoll turned into his wife's
room. Mrs. Ingersoll was there. To
gether they discussed what. they would
have for luncheon, and Colonel Ingcr
soll said ho had better not eat much,
owing to the trouble with his stomach.
He seemed in good spirits then. After
talking for a few minutes. Colonel In
gersoll crossed the room and sat down
in a rocking chair. He .leaned his
head upon his hand, which rested on
the back of the chair. Mrs. Ingersoll
asked him how ho was feeling and he
replied, "Oh. better."
The?,, wo,-,-, his last words. A second ;
after they were uttered he was dead. j
The only sign noticed by Mrs. Inger- j
soli was that the whites of his eyes
suddenly showed. There was not even •
a sigh or a groan as death came.. Doc
tors were hastily called, but their ver- i
diet was that death had come instantly. ,
No arrangements have yet been made j
for the funeral, but it will probably
take place on Monday at the hous? and I
the Interment will be in Sleepy Hollow
Cemetery at Tarry town. j
Those present in the house at the
time of his death were his daughters.
Miss Maude Ingersoll and Mrs. W. H.
Brown, Mr. Brown, Mrs. D. W. Parker.
mother of Mrs. [ngersoll, and Mrs. C.
F. Farrell and daughter.
Mrs. Ingersoll was the only person j
In the room with him when he died.
Death came to him as ho had recently 1
expressed a desire it should. He often. j
in old times, said he wished to die slow- ,
ly, with a full consciousness, so he i
might tell those about him how it felt. J
Recently, he experienced a change of j
desire to die painlessly and without !
warning.
LIFE AND WORKS
OF COL. INGERSOLL
Robert Green IngersoH. known as the
"*reat agnostic," was born in Dresden,
The San Francisco Call.
THE LATE COLONEL ROBERT G. INGERSOLL.
Yates County. New York. August 11
He began the practice cf law in Shawr.ee
town, 111., removing in iSu" to Peoria.
Five years later he became colcr-.el of the
I Eleventh Illinois Cavalry. He was a:>
--1 pointed Attorney General fcr Illinois in
1,1866 and in 1577 refused, the post of - Min
ister to Germany.
Attention was first drawn to Colonel
Ingersoll by his eulogy of James G. Blair.e
'. in the National Republican Convention in
: Cincinnati In 1876. and also by his Decora
tion da*, oration In New York li ISS2.
1 After the famous speech of 1876 his serv
• ices as a campaign orator were it: demand
.throughout the country-
Colonel [ngersoll participated in numer
ous lawsuits in all parts of the country,
and was counsel ' for - the so-called star
route conspirators, whose trial ended In
acquittal In 18S3. Among his contributions
to the book world i* were: "The Cods,"
"Chosts." "Some Mistakes of Moses,"
"Lecture's Complete," "Prose Poems and
Selections." a large number of minor
works and introductory chapters for two
books entitled "Modern Thinkers." . com
piled by Van Buren Denslow, and "The
Brain and the Bible," by Edgar C. Beall.
Colonel [ngersoll was best known on
account of his lectures and books, which
criticized the Bible and the Christian re
ligion. • •
BRILLIANT MIND OF
THE GREAT ORATOR
Colonel Ingersoll's orations are regard
ed as gems. Among the most beautiful
v. as a tribute at the funeral of his
brother. Ebon [ngersoll, who died in 1879.
It was his demise that brought forth that
celebrated and exquisite eulogy that has
been considered the greatest burst of ten
der eloquence since Shakespeare's speech
of Marc Antony over the body of Julius
Caesar. The eulogy reads:
"My Friends: I am going to do that
which the dead often promised he would
do for me. The loved and loving brother,
husband. father, friend died where man
hood's morning almost touches noon, and
while the lowa still were falling to
ward the west. He had not passed on
life's highway the stone that marks the
highest point, but being weary for a mo
ment, he lay down by the wayside and
using his burden f or . a pillow fell into
that dreamless sleep that kisses down his
eyelids still. While yet in love with life
and raptured with the world, he passed
to silence and pathetic dust. Yet, after
all. it may be best, just In the happiest.
sunniest hour of all the voyage, while
eagor winds are kissing every sail, to
dash against the unseen rock and In an
instant hear the billows roar, a sunken
ship. For, whether in midsea or among
the breakers of the further shore, a
wreck must mark at last the end of each
and all. And every life, no matter if its
every hour Is rich with love and every
moment jeweled with a joy, will, at Its
close, become a tragedy, as sad, and deep,
and dark as can be woven of the warp
and woof of mystery and death. This
brave and tender man in every storm
of life was oak and rock, but in the sun
shine he was vine and flower. He was
the friend of rill heroic souls. IT--, climbed
the heights and left all superstitions far
below, while on his forehead fell the
golden dawning of a grander day. He
loved the beautiful, and was with color,
form- and music touclied to tears. He
sided with the weak, and with a willing
hand gave alms; with loyal heart and
with the purest hand he faithfully dis
charged all public trusts. He was a wor
shiper of liberty and a friend of, the op
pressed. A thousand times I have heard
him quote the words: 'For justice all
place a temple and all season summer.'
He believed that happiness was the only
good, reason the only torch. Justice the
only worshiper, humanity the only .re
ligion," and love the priest.
"He added to the sum of human Joy,
Continued on Second race.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JULY 22, _599.
OFF ISLAND OF HAWAII STEAMER AUSTRALIA
STRIKES STRANGE CROSS SEA
SUMMIT OF MAUNA LOA BY NIGHT.
STARTLING* news may be expected
by the next steamer from Hono
lulu. Officers of the Australia say
it would not surprise them to hear
that there had been a fearful ex
plosion at the volcano, and that
Mauna Loa is no more. After leaving
Honolulu the ship ran into a remark
able cross sea which the crew could ac
cent for in no way save by a subma
rine disturbance .' of unusual force. A
bluish vapor, hung over the water for
days, and a heavy cloud shaped like an
umbrella came, borne on the winds .
from the direction of the volcano.
In his report on the disturbance Chief
Officer R. T. Lawless of the Australia
says:
Left Honolulu Friday, July 14. at 4 p. m.'
| Noticed unusual • surface disturbances in ,
EPWORTH
LEAGUERS
ARE COMING
Will Meet at San pran
cisco for Session
of 1901.
LOS mA BEATEN
— ♦ —
One Vote for Denver, but on
Second Ballot Oppo
sition Ceased.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
IXDIAXAPOLIS. July 21:—
INDIANAPOLIS, July jl—
I The executive committee of the
Epworth League occupied the
r • 1 • 1 ■ .1
afternoon in deciding .on the
meeting place for 1001, finally
selecting San Francisco. Three
cities were entered in the contest
— San Francisco., Los Angeles
and Denver. The former city se
cured the majority of votes on
the first ballot, which stood San
Francisco, 6; Los Angeles, 3;
Denver, 1. The vote was then
made unanimous for the Golden
■■ iate '-ity.
Lectures and patriotic concerts con
stituted the programme of the league's
ni£-ht session. The first half hour was
devoted to patriotic ("ongs, after which
Bishop C. H. Fowler of Minneapolis
lectured in the tent. General John B.
Gordon of Atlanta lectured in Tomlin
son Hall and Rev. James M. Buckley
of New York and Rev. A. Carmen of
Toronto lectured in the opera house.
Bishop Fowler delivered an Interest
ing lecture on "Abraham Lincoln."
Rev. Dr. Carmen and Rev. Dr. J. M.
Buckley both lectured on "Anglo-Amer
Ti)c picture is drawr)
from a sketch of the
summit of Mauna Loa,
made by a Call corre
spondent at, the Volcano
House, and from a de
scription of the great
column of fire seen com
ing from the peak after
the explosion which
heralded the eruption.
the nature of short cross swells, most
pronounced of which ran counter to each
other, viz., northwest and ; southeast.
ELIHU ROOT OF NEW YORK
TO BE SECRETARY OF WAR
An Able Attorney Chosen by the President
as the Succecfor of Russell A.
Alger, Resigned,
HON. ELIHU ROOT.
ican Relations."
To-morrow is scheduler! as the big
Southerly winds and extremely hot
weather prevailed for two days before
leaving and for three days after. These
winds would in no way account for the
swell, and could only be attributed to
submarine tremor, although no shocks of
earthquake were noticed.
On the 13th, at 3:30 p. m.. the volcano
of Mauna Loa, bearing south. 23 degrees
west (true), distant 302 nautical miles. I
noticed a great' volume of black smoke
about fifty miles away, supposing it 'to
be "floating 2000 feet above the earth, and
the wind being at the same time blowing
from the direction of the crater of Ma
una Loa, I suppose this smoke to have
come from there: as long as the south
east wind lasted, viz., three days, the at
mosphere was charged with a thin, bluish
vapor resembling somewhat the effect
produced off the coast in summer by for
est fires in the Northwest; but that
Continued on Second Page.
day and will practically conclude the
convention.
A Rush of Travel Promised for
July, 1901.
T. H. Goodman, general passenger I
agent of the Southern Pacific, received j
a telegram yesterday containing news
which will be of great interest to all
classes of business men in this city. It
came from Assistant General Passen
ger Agent Horsburgh, who is now in ;
Indianapolis, and contained the infor- |
mation, that through the efforts of the
gates from this State*, and Mr.
Horsburgh. the Epworth League Con
vention, which will be held some time j
in July, 1901, had been secured for this
city.. .
This means that at tha*' time San
Francisco will receive in th"" neighbor
hood of 15,000 visitors, many of whom
have never before been within 20 r -'
miles of Pacific tide water.
Mr. " Horsburgh left for Indianapolis,
where the general meeting of the Ep- j
worth League delegates was being .
held, to .decide on where to hold their
convention, for the purpose of assisting
to secure the next one for San Fran-
Cisco. . Yesterday a straw vote was
taken and the returns showed an al
most unanimous predeliotion for the
city by the Golden Gate.
* Professor Springer, who is one of the
committee having the detail matter in
charge, and who is now here with the
National Educationists, said yesterday
that the final vote would be taken
Wednesday next and would of a surety
result in confirming the straw vote of
the meeting in Indianapolis yesterday.
The Southern Pacific offered as an in
ducement, through Mr. Horsburgh. a
round-trip rate. of $50 from all Missouri
River points. This is just one-half the
regular rate and $10 less than one-half
the regular sixty-day stop-over round
trip fare. Through arrangements with
the roads east of the Missouri a like
reduction will be made, which will al
low the tourist to attend the conven
tion from any part of the United States
at one-half or . less than one-half of
what- he -would be forced to pay under
ordinary circumstances.
Four trains containing thirty-four
officers and 978 men of the Nineteenth
Infantry will arrive in the city this
evening; from Fort Meade. The troops
are en route for Manila. Though they
are expected to arrive this evening it
is possible they will not be disembarked
before Monday next.
Yesterday morning the Passenger
Traffic Agents' Association had its reg
ular weekly meeting. Agent Stern of
the Canadian Pacific announced his in
tention of resigning, as he had been in
formed that the association had been
organized in violation of the interstate
commerce law. He has as yet, how
ever, taken no official steps to sever
his connection with the association.
At the Phelan building there is now
being held a conference between the
officials of the Southern Pacific and
delegates representing a large number
of its employes. The conference has for
its object the preparation of a schedule
or wages and working hours which will
be acceptable both to the employers and
the employed.
Captain Carter Has Friends.
NEW YORK. July 21.— A special to the
World from Washington says: During
the last session of Congress a resolution
was Introduced by Amos Cummlngs to
investigate the Carter case, but the reso
lutionwas pigeonholed by the Committee
on Military Affairs and nothing has since
been heard of it. The asssertlon is made
that a fund of more than $25,000 was ex
pended by the lobby for Captain Carter
and his friends to prevent a favorable re
port on this resolution. Representative
Hull of lowa, chairman of the Commit
tee on Military Affairs, is a warm per
sonal friend of the convicted captain-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SENATOR PLATT
CONSENTS TO THE
APPOINTMENT
pithough hje Urged Gen
eral p. V. Greene for
the Portfolio.
— ♦ — .
WILL BE RECOMPENSED
— ♦ —
Mew Member of the Cabinet
Called Upon to Conduct the
Most Important Branch
of the Government
Special Dispatch to Th» '"all.
The President, it i*** said, has deter
mined to have a legal rather than a
military Secretary of War, and to
that end will tender the place in the
Cabinet made vacant by Secretary
Alger's resignation to Mr. Elihu Root
of New York rather than to Colonel
Roosevelt.
The President, without uoubt, is the
best judge of his own necessities. He
has succeeded in demonstrating pret
ty well to the satisfaction of the
country that a soldier Secretary can
not wage war with marked success to
the administration. It will be hoped
that a lawyer Secretary will better
succeed in unraveling the constitu
tional tangle into which the admin
istration is plunged.
NEW YORK. July 21.— Elihu B.
Root of New York, to be Secre
tary of War, vice Russell A. Al
ger, resigned.
Formal announcement of this
appointment will be made to-morrow.
Senator Piatt's hour and a half confer
ence with the President to-night re
sulted in the New York Senator giving
his approval of the decision previously
reached by the President, after a con
sultation with all the members of his
Cabinet, to place Mr. Root at the head
of the War Department. Senator Piatt
was summoned to Washington by the
President for the purpose of ascertain
ing whether Mr. Root's appointment
would be entirely agreeable to him.
But for the desire of the President to
be courteous to the New York Senator
and retain friendly relations with him,
the appointment would have been an
nounced to-day.
Senator Piatt made it known to the
President that General F. V. Greene was
his first choice for the war portfolio,
and he presented some strong reasons
why a soldier rather than a lawyer
should be at the head of that branch
of the Government. It is intimated
that before he became converted to the
President's preference for a lawyer he
secured the promise of another appoint
ment of less importance than a Cabi
net office, but which the Senator par
ticularly desires.
The Senator would not intimate to
night what concessions he had ob
tained, but he said, after leaving the
White House, that he and the President
were thoroughly in accord as to the
result -reached. Piatt declined to say
who had been agreed upon.
"You will have to see the President
if you want to know to-night who the
next Secretary of War will be," said
Piatt. %!M
"It has been understood here that
you were not unfriendly to the appoint
ment of Mr. Root," I observed.
"General Greene was my first choice,"
the Senator stated.
"But it is understood here that the
President had determined to appoint a
lawyer." -'•';'
"So I have discovered," laughingly
replied the Senator.
"Would Mr. Root's appointment be
agreeable to you?"
"Any good New York man would be
satisfactory to me. No. I cannot tell
you who has been decided upon, all
that I can say, is that the President
and I are entirely in accord in this
matter."- : • .'-
Tlje selection of Mr. Root is due en
tirely to the President's desire to have
at the head of the War Department a
broad legal mind capable of dealing
with the many important questions
arising out of the administration of the
colonies. From what the President
knows of Mr. Root's reputation as a
lawyer he believes that he is just the
man for the place. He considers that
the War Department will for the next
two or three years be the most import
ant branch of the Government service.
He believes also that there is a great
political future for the man who takes
the office and successfully administers
it. Naturally, the President proposes
to continue as commander-in-chief to
give close attention to the conduct of
the war in the Philippines, but in all
matters of policy Mr. Root's advice
will, of course, be very acceptable to
him. ■■'■
In the administration of military af
fairs Mr. Root will be assisted by Ma
jor General Miles and Adjutant Gen
eral Corbin. and the President is look
ing for complete harmony of action be
tween these officials.2
RELIGION
TO UPLIFT
THE INDIAN
Father Verwyst Declares It
Is More Necessary Than
Education.
PROTEST!)? A PRIEST
— —
Objects to the Government's Policy
in Shutting Out Denomina
tional Schools.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I - ■.::
i
LOS ANGELES. July 21.— Not alone has
the Indian Teachers' Institute tint has
been in session during this week In Los
Angeles touched upon every phase of life
of the red man, his future, his schooling
and his training, but teacher, physician,
superintendent and man of God have, had
an opportunity to voice sentiments that
pertain to each branch of the Indian serv
ice. The line of thought that has per
vaded the daily sessions and the papers
discussed is the release of the id lan from
Ids tribal relations, its full scope is out
lined in the following resolution that was
this morning presented by Commissioner
Merrill J. Gab .-,
Resolved, Thai the true object of the
Indian schools and of the Indian man
agement is to accomplish the release
of the Individual Indian from the
slavery of tribal lit.- and to establish
him in the self-supporting freedom of
citizenship and a home in the life of
the nation, and whatever in our pres
ent system hinders the attainment of
this object should be changed.
It remained for Father Ihrysostom Ver
wyst. during his address to superintend- |
ents, to cut into the question and pierce
the core when he declared that the three
great enemies of the Indian were whisky,
money and the white man. Father Y.'r
wyst chose for his topic "The Indian and
the Church." He proclaimed that the ob- j
ject In Indian schools was to civilize
the Indian.
"A white man may have houses and I
money and still be vicious and Immoral."
declared the speaker. "Our forgers.
swindlers, bank-wreckers are civilized j
men; but their civilization is material- j
ism. Money and pleasure are the two ar
ticles of creed of this materialistic civiliz- I
ation. Such was the civilization of Rome
and Greece. It was nothing but refined
barbarism. They legalized infanticide in
Sparta. They deified impurity in Venus,
and drunkenness in Bacchus. They prac
ticed slavery in its most revolting form. |
had their bloody eladltorial shows for the
gratification of the thousands, vet they
were highly civilized.
"God save the Indian from such mate
rialistic civilization. It is a curse, not a
blessing. It docs not elevate man, but .t
drags him down md makes him the slave [ '
of base passions. What civilization do we !
want? Give the Indian a civilization that
will make him better, that will make him J
Tee,-,-,. the great God that made him; |
make' him conscious of his accountability
to his conscience To make- this true civ- {
ilization worthy the name, we want rellg- .
lon. Any system of education that ig
nores religion is a sham. Mere mental !
training is not always a blessing: it is
often a curse to the one that holds this
power and wields it for his own eternal
ruin.
••I protest, in the name oi true civiliza
tion and ( -hari!|- toward the Indians,
against the Government's policy,*" which
has set its face against denominational
schools among our Indians and has de
voted them to total extinction in the near
future, in order to give place to a system
of education that will make the Indian
wittier, sharper and more cunning. As
to the older Indians, the way to civilize
them is first by religion. They were civ
ilized by the church— and do not forget
by the Catholic church. If, instead of
letting a lot of whites— pine land grab
bers and sharpers— get away with the In
dians' pine for a small sum. out of which
he is cheated by extortionate prices which
are charged at reservation stores in lieu
of his pine if the Government had kept
that pine and other Timber for the benefit
of the Indian and had erected sawmills,
planing mills, tub and stave factories, su
perintended by some Government officials,
the Indian would have made a good living
many years ago."
AUSTRALIA STRIKES
ACROSS SEA
_■■■:-
Continue*! from First Pfige.
smoky appearance is seldom seen more
than 300 miles off shore and more fre
quently less than 100, while the Australia
was over 900 miles off shore. : ; " ' . **'
When talking about the eruption yes
terday Chief Officer Lawless said:
"The afternoon we left Honolulu the
evening papers contained the news that
the lava flow Was within ten* miles of
Hilo arid traveling steadily. The inter
island steamers were crowded with pas
sengers. Pome of the people were going
to view the eruption, and others were'
going to see how their families and
relatives were faring. In my opinion
the. whole orest has been' blown off
Mauna Loa, and if the waters of the sea
have found their way into the crater
then the whole island has been shat- :
tered. In no other way can" I account !
for the peculiar experience we had after
leaving Honolulu. I have been. to sea
a good many years, and never, encoun
tered such a.'peculiar cross sea before.
It would catch the , ship on one side and
then take hold on the other before she
could recover, and in consequence the
passengers had a -merry time of it keep
ing their balance!" • ..'.'
Among the passengers on the Aus
tralia was Major General C. P. Egan
and his wife. The general has a coffee
plantation on the Island of Hawaii, di
rectly in the course of the lava flow
toward Hilo. It is situated about ten
miles up the hills from the town, and
if the flow was not diverted in some
manner then the plantation is covered
by this time. The general is very much
disturbed over the matter, but "is hop
ing against hope that the plantation
has escaped.
There is just a chance that the Aus
tralia on her return trip will go to Hon
olulu via the south end of the Island
of Hawaii. In that event the passen
gers would have a four hours' view of
the volcano in eruption from a distance
of twenty-three miles. seven hours
from a distance .of thirty-five miles,
and nine hours from a distance of fifty
miles. Mauna Loa is 13,650 feet high,
and when the Australia left Honolulu
the pall hanging over the mountain
could be seen from Diamond Head.
Oregon is ns on the Stage
A number of the Oregon men assisted
at an entertainment given In the Young
Men's Christian Association Auditorium
last evening for the benefit of the Chris
tian Hospital Association, a benevolent
corporation recently organized. The work
of the Oregon men was to appear in the
tableau. There were ten of them, all
showing different phases of the life of the
campaigning soldier, and they were re
ceived with a double amount of applause
because of the personality of the men
who took part. The remainder of the pro
gramme was made up of recitations, songs
and short Speeches, one of which was de
livered in Ma* or Phelan
TORPEDO BOAT
DESTROYER BLOWN
UP IN THE SOLENT
Worst Accident of This Nature
That Has Occurred in British
Navy for Twenty Years.
LONDON, July 21.— explosion
on the torpedo-boat destroyer
Bullfinch on the Solent during
her trial to-day killed nine and
injured four of those on board.
It was the worst naval accident of
this nature that has occurred In the
British navy in twenty years. The
victims were terribly injured, steam
and boiling water filling the engine
room.
The Bullfinch is one of the latest
designed thirty-knot torpedo-boat destroyers.
INGERSOLL TOE
AGNOSTIC DIES
Continued from First Page.
and were every one for whom he did some
loving service to bring a blossom to his
grave he would sleep to-night beneath
a wilderness of flowers. Life is a narrow
vale between the cold and barren peaks
of two eternities. We strive in vain to
look beyond the heights. We cry aloud
and the only answer is the echo of our
wailing cry. From the voiceless lips of
the unreplylhg dead there comes no word;
but in the night of death hope sees a star
and listening love can hear the rustle of a
Wing. He who sleeps here when dying,
mistaking the approach of death for the
return of health, whispered with his lat
est breath, 'I am better now.' Let us be
lieve, in spite of ddubts and dogmas and
tears and fears that these dear words are
true of ail the countless dead. And now,
to you who have been chosen from among
the many men he loved to do the last sad
office . for the dead, we give his sacred
dust. Speech cannot contain our love.
There was— there is— no gentler, stronger,
manlier man."
In his speech nominating Blame Colonel
Ingersoll said: '
"The Republicans of the United States
demand as their leader in the great con
test of 1876 a man of intelligence, a man
of integrity, a man of well-known and
approved political opinions. They de
mand a statesman; they demand a re
former after as well as before the elec
tion. They demand a politician in the \
highest, broadest and best sense — man
of superb moral courage. They demand
a man acquainted with public affairs —
with the wants of the people; with not !
only the requirements of the hour, but
with the demands of the future. They :
demand a man broad enough to compre
hend the relations of this Government to
the other nations of the earth. They de
mand a man well versed in the powers.
duties and prerogatives of each and every i
department of this Government. They j
demand a man who will sacredly preserve
the financial honor of the United States:
one who knows enough to know that tlie
national debt must be paid through the
prosperity of this people; one who knows
enough to know that nil the financial
theories in the world cannot redeem a i
single dollar; one who knows enough to j
know that all the money must be made j
not by law but by labor; one who knows
enough to know that the people of the ,
I'nited States have the industry to make
the money and the honor to pay it over
just as fast as they make it.
"This is a grand year— a year filled with
the recollections of the Revolution; filled
with proud and tender memories of the '
past; with the sacred attends of liberty
—a year in which the sons of freedom
will drink from the fountains of enthusi
asm; a year in which the people. call for
a man who has preserved In Congress
what our soldiers won upon the field; a i
year In which they call for the man who j
has torn from the throat of treason the i
tongue of slander— for the man who has
snatched the mask of Democracy from
the hideous face of rebellion; for the man
who, like an intellectual athlete, has
Stood in the arena of debate and chal
lenged all comers, and who is still a total
stranger to defeat.
"Like an armed warrior, like a plumed
knight, James G. Blame marched down
the halls of the American Congress and
threw his shining lance full and fair
against the brazen foreheads of the de
tainers of his country and the maligners
of her honor. For the Republican party
to desert this gallant leader now is as
though :an army should desert their gen
eral upon the field of- battle.
"James G. Blame is now and has been
for years the bearer of the sacred stand-
I ard of the Republican party. I call it
sacred," because no human being can
stand, beneath its folds without becoming
and without remaining free.
'-'Gentlemen of the convention, in the
name of the great republic; the only re
public that ever existed upon this earth;
in the name of all her defenders and of
all her - supporters-; in the name of all
ijer soldiers living: in the name of all
her soldiers dead upon the field of cattle,
and In the name of those who perished
in the skeleton clutch of famine at An
dersonville and Llbby, whose sufferings
he so vividly remembers, Illinois—
nominates that prince of parliamenta
rians—that leader . of leaders— G.
Blame."
Colonel Ingersoll's retorts were as quick
as a flashlight and as searching. One of
them was so startling and so effective
as to give a certain famous, long-drawn
out railroad suit the nickname of tha
"Ananias and- Sapphira. case." Ingersoll
was speaking and had made certain state
ments highly damaging to the other side
in such a way as to thoroughly anger a
member of the opposing counsel, who sud
denly interrupted the speaker with the
abrupt and sarcastic remark:
"I suppose the colonel, in the nature of
things, never heard of the story of Ana
nias and Sapphira."
There were those present who expected
to witless an angry outburst on the part
of Ingersoll In response to this plain im
plication that his statement had not the
quality of veracity, but they were disap
pointed. Ingersoll didn't even get angry.
He turned slightly, fixed his limpid blue
eyes upon the interrupter and smiled
cherubically. Then he gently drawled out:
"Oh, yes, I have; yes, I have. And I've
watched the gentleman who has just
spoken all through this case with a curi
ous interest. I've been expecting every
once and awhile to see him drop dead,
but he seems to be all right down to the
present moment." ['".'■
Ingersoll never became angry when in
terrupted, even If In the middle of an ad
dress or a lecture. A man Interrupted
him In Cincinnati once, cutting right Into
the lecturer's most resonant periods with
a yell:
"That's a lie, Bob Ingersoll, and you
know it."
The audience was In an uproar in an In
stant, and cries of "Put himout:" "Throw
him downstairs!" and the like were heard
from all parts of the house. Ingersoll
stopped talking for a moment and held
up his hands, smiling.
"Don't hurt the man," he said. "He
thinks he is right. But let me explain
this thing for his especial benefit."
Then he reasoned the matter out ln lan
guage so simple and plain that no one of
THE SAX FRAS CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 22, 1899
DESTROYER BULLFINCH.
any Intelligence whatever could fall to
comprehend. Th"c man was not ejected,
but sat through the entire address and
at the close asked the privilege c * beg
ging the lecturer's pardon.
Like most men of genius, Colonel Inger
soll was a passionate lover of music, and
the harmonies of "Wagner seemed to him
to be the very acme of musical expres
sion. In giving voice to his love • for
Wagnerian strains he once said:
"There is something more in music' than
j can be expressed in rhythmical periods,
I some greater joy than can be felt by
j hearing it simply accented in measured
intervals. It struck me long ago that that
I music which rose and fell at precisely the
: same distances with exactly the same
: emphasis did not express the feelings of
i the heart; that there must be some splen
' did composition that did not have to come
back to the starting place in so many
beats. There is a music of the heart and
of the Intellect and of thought, and this
I hold to be the music of Wagner. Of
i all the composers of the world, in my
judgment, Wagner stands at the head.
; Shakespeare uses the same words as we
! do, and yet they glitter with a light that
iit Is impossible for us to give. When we
read him we wonder, 'Is It possible that
: this man does this in a common way?'
And when I hear the ri-Tusic of Wagner I
say, 'Is it possible that this is made with
i ordinary chords?' The moment the or
t chestra begins to play Wagner's strains
' all the instruments are transfigured. They
i seem to utter sounds that they have been
longing to utter ever since they were
| made. Even the dm nis join in the joy
! ous riot. The old bass* viol is alive with
; passion. The 'cellos throb with love and
; the violins thrill with the divine feeling.
; When I hear this music It seems to me
that it is full of glory of color through
which the' violins picture the coming of
.the morning, and the horns the glory of
the stars gleaming above us. Color comes
i gradually from the other instruments and
then the orchestra floods the world with
the day."
Notwithstanding his thoroughly her
etical beliefs, or lack of beliefs, or. as he
would say, because of them. Colonel In
. gersoll was a very tender hearted man.
No one has ever made so strong an ar
gument against vivisection in the alleged
! interests of science as Ingersoll did In a
speech a few years ago. To the presenta-
I tion of his views against the refinements
, of scientific cruelty he brought his most
I vivid imagination, his most careful
thought and his most Impassioned ora
tory. So. too, he was indignant concern
ing what he called the crimes against
criminals, who are often, he believed,
more sinned against than sinning.
; "What shall be done," he asked, "with
the slayers of their fellow-men, with mur
, derers? Shall the nation take life? The
'. tendency of the extreme penalty is to pre
vent conviction. In the presence of death
*it is easy for a jury to find a doubt. If
the penalty were imprisonment for life
. the jury would feel that if a mistake were
made it could be rectified. But where the
penalty is death a mistake is fatal, A con
! scientious man takes into consideration
the defects of human nature, the uncer
tainty of testimony and the countless
' shadows that dim and darken the under;
j standing, and refuses to find a verdict
! that, if wrong,- cannot be righted. • The
death penalty inflicted by the Govern
ment is a perpetual excuse for mobs. The
greatest danger in a republic is a mob,
; and- as long as States inflict the penalty
; of death mobs will follow the example."
WIN BY BUNCHING HITS.
Pirates Defeat the Phillies Through
Hard Batting in One Inning.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. I* Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn 55 25 ."ft" Cincinnati ..33 **!> .4!*.*)
Boston 49 30 .610 Pittsburg ...3S 41 481
Philadelphia 4S SO .615 New Y0rk... 35 42 .4:.)
Chicago 44 32 .678 Louisville ...32 M .4? J
St. Louis... -..45 33 .576 Washington 30 53 .361
Baltimore ...43 34 .557 Cleveland ...15 67 .183
PITTSBURG, July Pittsburg won In the
fifth Inning with six hits for a total of twelve
bases. The other five hits, were scattered.
Cbesbro kept his ' hits well scattered and re
ceived excellent support, the errors doing no
damage. Attendance, 32*0. Score: ,
Clubs— ■-"•'• R. H. ' E
Pittsburg -. .-6 ]1 ■:■ 2
Philadelphia ..: 3 9 5
Batteries— Chesbro and Schriver; Donahue
and McFarland. Umpires— Swartwood and Hunt.
WASHINGTON, July 21.— Mercer was no
match for Colllflower In the first same to-day
and Cleveland won It handily. The* visitors'
fielding was clean, while that of the Senators
was ragged. In the second game Freeman mad»
his thirteenth home run, driving In two men
ahead of him. This gave the Senators a lead
and they were never headed. Attendance,' 2200.
Score of first game:
Clubs— R. H. E
Washington 3 6-6
Cleveland 5 13 0
Batteries— Mercer and Duncan: Cornflower
and Schrecongost. Umpires— Gaffney and
Latham. '•; •;■;
Score of second game:
Clubs— R. H. ' _.
Washington 5 7 i
Cleveland 3 8 1
Batteries— Dlneen and Klttredge: Batj»s and
Schrecongost. Umpires— Gaffney and Latham.
TOBIN THOUGHT HE
SAW THE BANSHEE
The upper office men of the Police De
partment have for the past three days
been engaged In a ghost hunt. Instead
of following their* usual occupation of
trailing pickpockets, petty larcenlsts and
other criminals, the detectives have been
devoting their time to investigating a
home-made spook who terrorized the
neighborhood of Sutter and Octavia
streets and incidentally certain members
of the- Police Department.'
It is needless to state that the spook
is now out of a job. but before It went
out of business it came near driving De
tectives Anthony and Ellis and Sergeant
Tobln out of their minds.
It was a real genteel spook, and made
Its nightly visitations at a certain resi
dence on Sutter street quite close to the
corner of Octavia. The lady of the house
grew alarmed and reported the matter to
Chief Lees. Anthony, Ellis and Tobln
were detailed to do a star turn with the
"supernatural being." They visited the
house and all three imagined that they
really saw a ghost, and each crossed hi's
heart in asseverating that he had not
been In Chinatown that evening. Tobln
was convinced that he had at last run
afoul of the banshee. It was ascertained
yesterday that the spook was nothing
more than a neglected wheel on one of
the Sutter street cars which passed the
house at 10 o'clock each evening.. The of
ficers have each made a solemn vow to
smoke nothing In the future stronger
than Napa soda. Anthony hunted up a
Rabbi yesterday" and took the pledge.
DEWEY TALKS
AT A BANQUET
AT TRIESTE
Modestly Gives Others Credit
for the Victory in
Manila Bay.
SPEAKS AUSTRIA
— » —
After Cabling Upon Emperor Fran
cis Joseph the Admiral Will
Seek Rest in the Tyrol.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS! 1 ", by James Gor
don Bennett.
TRIESTE, July Admiral Dewey
will give a dinner to-morrow night on
the -cruiser Olympia, In honor of Min
ister Harris, with whom he may so the
next day to Vienna. Subsequently, the
admiral may go to Tschl to call on the
Emperor of Austria and then to th_
Tyrol for rest.
At a banquet to the admiral, given
this evening, after a toast to President
McKinley had been drunk, Mr. Harris,
the American Minister, as host, pro
posed the health of Admiral Dewey,
who in reply, said simply: "I thank
you sincerely, and drink to your good
health.','
Captain Fass responded to the toast.
"The American Navy." Mr. Harris
then proposed "The Captain and Crew
of the Olympia," and requested Ad
miral Dewey to relate something of the
battle of Manila. The Admiral replied:
"I only know that having asked the
steward for something to drink, he
gave me lukewarm, weak coffee, which
made me feel quite sick, but my flag
lieuteirant kept the record and I invite
him to speak."
Flag Lieutenant Brumby said; "I
was a midshipman under. Admiral
Dewey and he taught me not to talk,
so I will only say 'Dewey did it.' "
Admiral Dewey rose again and said:
"You ask me about the guns and the
superiority of our firing. We fired ten
shots a minute with our 5-inch guns
against three shots a minute. I found
at Manila no more neutral flag than
the Austrian." , ,
At this point Mr. Harris interposed,
saying: "Austria is sincerely friendly
to the I'nited States."
Admiral Dewey, then, addressing
himself to the Olynipia's chief en
gineer, said that he had contributed to
j the success of the ship in entering the
Bay of Manila by admirable steaming,
'bringing the speed up to eighteen knots
I immediately when ordered to put on
j full .si-am.
In concluding the banquet Mr. Harris
! proposed a toast to Emperor Francis
Joseph.
A large crowd gathered outside the
! hotel to watch the arrival of the guests.
WASHINGTON. July 21.— A cablet
i gram received by Secretary Long to-day
from Admiral Dewey means that, in
the presence of the President, Secretary
i Long will present to the hero* of Manila
: Bay on the steps at ihe«east front of the
! Capitol the sword which Congress voted
| to him in recognition of his conduct of
the battle of Manila Bay.
Secretary Long stated to-day that he
! had no reason to believe that Admiral
! Dewey would arrive in New York Har-
I bor before October 1, the date originally
I set by that officer. The committee
; here is doing everything it can to na-
I tionalize and internationalize the Ad
! miral's return, and has addressed in
vitations to foreign governments to
send warships to New York to take
part in th" ceremonies incidental to
| the Admiral's arrival. Some of the
I members of the Diplomatic Corps have
unofficially represented to the naval of
ficials that their governments cannot
accept invitations from municipalities,
and the Department of State may con
sequently be called upon to formally is
'■■ sue invitations, especially as some of
1 the governments have indicated their
| desire to be represented at New York
by a man-of-war when the Olympia is
I at that port:
Admiral Dewey will be escorted from
New York to Washington by a special
sub-committee. He will travel in a
special train elaborately decorated, and
upon arrival there will be escorted to
his hotel. tftf- tf _^
After paying his respects to the Pres
ident and Secretary Long the admiral
will be escorted to the east front of the
Capitol/where the presentation will oc
cur. The evening of that day will be
1 marked by a grand military, naval and
civic parade, which will be reviewed
by the President, Secretary Long and
I Admiral Dewey. The city will be il
i luminated and a pyrotechnic display
I will add to the occasion.
Secretary Long told me to-day that
i he had reached no* decision as to the
duty to which the admiral will be as
signed upon his return.
"I will consult with him about the
matter upon his return," he said.
There is little doubt, however, that
the admiral will be stationed in Wash
ington and will be placed at the head
of an Important board, probably ad
visory in character. Should a reor
ganization of the department occur and
a board of admirals conduct the me
chanical business of the department
Admiral Dewey will remain in Wash
ington. _, _, _
NEW YORK, July 21.— A v London
cable to the World from Trieste says:
| Privately Admiral Dewey expressed a
determination not to be a candidate for
President and hoped McKinley would
be re-elected.
OPENS FOB, VENEZUELA.
Maitre Prevost Argues Against Great
Britain's Contention.
PARIS; July 21.— Maitre Prevost opened
the case for Venezuela at to-day's sitting
of the British-Venezuelan Boundary Arbi
tration Commission. Maitre Prevost cited
authorities on international law to .show
that the right of discovery gave '* prior
rights under conditions which, he claimed.
Spain fulfilled. Spain had occupied and
settled points on all the important rivers
between the Orinoco and the Amazon in
1630. ' _
Crocker's Offer Accepted.
SANTA ROSA. July 21.— A well-attended
meeting of grape growers was held at
Windsor this afternoon to discuss- Henry
J Crocker's offer to purchase the vine
yard output for the next seven years at
$11 a ton. It was the unanimous sense of
the meeting that the offer bo accepted.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
.** * SAILED.
Friday. July 21.
Btmr Grace Dollar, Fosen," Grays Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TORT BLAKELEY— Arrived July 21— Schr
Wawona, from Newport. ; --»; "
Sailed July 21— Bktn Charles F Crocker, for
Sh_iKhal: schr Dora Bluhm. for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 21— Schr
Norma, from Honduras. 'j-tf'tfy
FOREIGN PORT. . - =
HONOLULU— SaiIed -July 14— Br stmr Port
Albert, for Seattle. .
I TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 21-Stmr Cam
pania, from New York, for Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed July 21 — Stmr
Koenlp-en Luls-e, from Bremen, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 21— Stmr Lu>.*ania,
from Liverpool and Queenstown.
BRITISH CRUISER
BONAVENTURE IS
SAFELY FLOATED
The Vessel Goes Aground in the
China Sea, but Is Got Off
Without Trouble.
y ;•■ ■ . ■
LONDON, July 21.— the office
of the British Admiralty to-day
it was stated that the British
cruiser Bonaventure, reported
yesterday ashore in a bad posi
tion at Cornilov, has been floated and
is now en route to Nagasaki. From
that place the Bonaventure will pro
ceed to Hongkong for repairs. It is
assumed that the cruiser suffered no
serious damage by her experience in
running aground.
SAD DEATH OF
A LIFE-SAVER
•
Jack Hogan Drowned in
Heroic Struggle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FIRE ISLAND LIGHT, N. V.. July 21.—
Adelbert G. Hubert of California, while
bathing, although a strong swimmer, was
unable to breast the strong current, and
was gradually carried out to sea. He cried
for help, and Jack Hogan of the life-sav
ing crew responded with others, including
Edmond Lazard, a French cook. The
waves almost ingulfed them. When Laz
ard reached the shore Hogan was just
going Into the surf. Howard Baylisa
threw off his outer garments and followed.
Hogan and Baylisa finally reached Hu
bert's side, almost exhausted. In an en
deavor to gain a hold on the drowning
man they forced him under water. He
gasped: "Don't push me under; I guess
I am all right."
Bayliss and Hogan released their hold,
and were quickly swept away. Bayliss
got near enough to shore for the men who
were waist-deep in the surf to seize him
and drag him to the beach, where he lav
unconscious. Hubert drifted nearer the
shore. Several times -the waves buried
him from the sight of the throng on the
beach.
Hogan, who was still striving to reach
the shore, was seen to throw up his hands
and sink. His body rose and fell In the
surf, but always just beyond reach. Hu
bert, who had drifted close into shore
several hundred yards up the beach, re
gained his footing. With assistance he
struggled ashore and ran up the beach
to aid his would-be rescuer.
Hogan was rolling face downward in the
surf. No lifeline was at hand, but the
men, who were waist deep in the water,
dragged the rope after them. One of them
reached Hogan, who was drawn ashore,
limp and unconscious. Two hours' work
failed to resuscitate him.
Hogan, who is about 30 years old and
unmarried, had a long record of lives
saved. _ _,
Smith Oakley, who has charge of I- ire
Island, which is State property, said to
night: "I have seen many drowning ac
cidents and rescues, but I never witnessed
a more remarkable instance of presence
of mind than that displayed by Hubert,
and to it he undoubtedly owes his life.
Hubert said: "An immense wave swept
me oft mv feet and carried me beyond my
depth. While a good swimmer, my
strength was exhausted by this time.
Again and again the waves swept over
me, and I swallowed much water. I then
called for 'Jack,' and soon saw Hogan
and another man coming toward me.
When they reached me they placed their
hands heavily on mv shoulders, thereby
forcing me under. Hogan was purple in
the "face and puffing violently. I saw
they could not help me. and I said: 'Let
me go; 1 am all right if you stay by me.
At this tiny both released their hold and
were swept away.
•'1 tried to swim on my back, but be
coming exhausted called to them to come
Ink I turned my head, and when I saw
the two men. one of them a life saver
and a powerful swimmer, in a life and
death struggle to reach shore I gave .up
all hope. I turned to take one last look
at the shore, and my thoughts turned at
once to the grief of my parents in Cali-
fornla. ' •'. _ _ _,
"Suddenly I heard voices and shouting,
and raising my head carefully saw I was
near shore. A big wave struck me just
then nnd hurled me into the arms of those
waist-deep in the surf. I was dragged
ashore, and was horror-struck to learn
that Hogan's body was rolling in the surf
farther up the beach."
FAI_~ TO STOP CONR.O*-.
Armstrong Gets the Decision, but Is
Badly Punished.
NEW YORK, July 21.— 80b Armstrong.
the colored heavy-weight, of Chicago,
who has championship aspirations, failed
to -stop "Stockings" Conroy of Troy in
the twenty-round fight at the Broadway
Athletic Club, although he got the deci
sion after a battle that was a mixture of
commonplace and sensational features.
As far as punishment went, the victor
trot the worst of the encounter, for he was
badly cut up about the face and narrowly
escaped being knocked out a half dozen
times He landed the most blows, how
ever, "and had the best of it on points by
a good margin.
Conroy came to the ring with twenty
pounds of superfluous flesh. Armstrong,
one the contrary* was in superb shape and
towered above his stocky opponent.
In the opening rounds Armstrong was
wild and Conroy kept up against him
without doing any damage. The pace
quickened and became a fight In the tenth
round Then there were three rounds of
hurricane fighting, and out of each of
them the colored man reeled to his corner
bleeding and groggy. The 10 to 8 money
that had gone on him ln large quantities
looked in danger. He pulled out, how
ever, and had the better of the last five
rounds. _
Defender's Sails Da— taged.
NEWPORT, R. 1., July 21.— De
fender and Columbia started this morn
ing on a trial race from Brentons Reef
lightship. The course was to have been
forty-six miles, but about forty-five, min
utes after the start an accident occurred
to the Defender's sail and she quit the
race, lowering all sails but her jib. Tue
Columbia seemed to be ahead at that time
by about two minutes.
No More Champagne for Tod.
NEW YORK, July 21.— A London cable
to the Morning Telegraph says: Tod
Sloan the American jockey, who was
suspended a few days ago until August
5 for disobedience at the pdst at Sandown,
says he is going to New York for a week
and will resume riding in England at the
beginning of September. Sloan declares
that he has foresworn champagne. *
Building of New Cruisers.
WASHINGTON. July 21.— Board of
Naval Chiefs decided to-day to give thirty
months for building the six new protected
cruisers instead of twenty-four months,
as was first contemplated. This is due
to the rush of private work at all the
shipyards, which made the yards Indis
posed to bid on the vessels unless more
time was given. The extension. It is said,
insures active competition and lower
figures.
Injunction Against Horst Bros.
SACRAMENTO, July 21.— Superior Judge
Hughes to-night granted an injunction
asked for by the defense in the case of
Mebius & Diescher against Horst Bros.,
hop dealers, to restrain the trustees from
executing a $60,000 judgment recently ob
tained In Yuba County, pending appeal
proceedings.
CRUISER BONAVENTURE.
PINGREE DEFENDS
POLITICAL PARTNER
Accuses McKinley of
Cowardice.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DETROIT. Mich, July 21— Governor
r:ngree to-day handed to the Associ
ated Press a prepared, signed inter
view, giving what the Governor asserts
to be "facts which are absolute!" reli
able," bearing upon the relations be
tween Secretary Alger and President
McKinley, with which the public is
not familiar.
At the outset the Governor says: "I
have no hesitation in saying that the
course pursued by the President in this
matter is little less than cowardly. It
is, to say the least, very unmanly."
Governor Pingree said his informa- !
tion did not come from General Alger, !
but from "one whose knowledge of the |
facts cannot be disputed."
Proceeding, he says that repeatedly
since the Eastern newspapers began
their attack upon Secretary Alger the
Secretary informed the President th;A
'if these press comments embarrassed
the administration in the slightest de
gree he would resign at once, but the
President as often protested emphati
cally that he ha_ the utmost confidence
in Secretary Alger and his conduct of
the War Department, and that the
country could not afford to lose his ser
vices. The Governor says that at the
time his "alleged alliance" with Gen
eral Alger was announced and before
his disavowal of interviews criticizing
the President had reached Washington,
General Alger told the President that
upon the President's slightest intima
tion he would resign, but the President
refused to entertain the idea for a mo
ment.
As to the alleged "alliance" being any
reason for asking for General Alger's
resignation, Governor Pingree says:
"Long before my announcement that
I I would su-nort General Alger for the
: Senate, Secretary of State Hay, on I
i Ju- 2 last, requested Vice President j
Hobart to intimate to General Alger ;
• that his resignation would be accept- j
'■ able to the President and would relieve \
him from the embarrassing attacks of
.the press upon the conduct of the war.
Mr. Hobart properly declined to be a,
party to such an unmanly, not to say i
j cowardly, proceeding, and expressed
| his opinion in terms decidedly vigorous. i
"After that General Alger, entirely
ignorant of this miserable conspiracy, j
i several times offered to end the attacks
I by submitting his resignation, but still
1 the President did not have the courage
to express himself to his Secretary.
General Alger finally, did hand in his
I resignation, to take effect January 2.
j The President dared not face the gen
■ eral in a manly way and ask him to re
| tire and give his reasons for making the
; request. He finally accomplished by in
; direction what, he dared not do in an
open and frank manner himself."
Governor Pingree states that Mr. Ho
; bart was finally prevailed upon by At
• ' torney General Griggs to convey to the
Secretary that his resignation was de
j sired, "and gave my 'alleged alliance'
with the Secretary as a pretext."
Commenting upon the whole matter,
the Governor says that General Alger's
sacrifice was compelled by demands of
New York politicians backed by the j
"unscrupulous and heartless press." He I
predicts that it will be learned "that I
the President himself has been respon- j
sible for whatever mistakes have been j
i made in conducting the war."
He adds: "I am told on the very best j
I authority that General Alger made very
! few appointments of officers during the
j war, and that the commissions were
' issued almost entirely upon the orders
i of the President."
The Governor alleges that the more
; recent attacks upon Alger in the East
I were caused by his frank declaration ft
'opposition to trusts, and he added there
i is a decided odor of trusts around the
: present administration, with Mark
Ilanna as the acknowledged, "king
j maker."
In conclusion the Governor calls upon
Michigan people and newspapers to
protest against the injustice done the
I State's foremost representative in pub
lic life. -It is conjectured here that
Brigadier General Henry M. Duffleld
gave some of the foregoing information,
but the general declines to be inter
j viewed.
Found Dead in a Tree.
STOCKTON, July -An inquest was
held to-night on the body of Thomas L.
Parker, the fourteen-year-old son of T.
B. Parker of Lockford. The boy had gone
into his father's orchard to shoot crows.
When found he was In the branches of
one of the trees, dead, the whole side of
his face having been blown off by the dis
charge of the gun. There were no wit
nesses to the shooting, but the theory of
accident was easily established to the
minds of the jury.
Diplomas for Demists.
SACRAMENTO. July 21.— State
Board of Dental Examiners met here to-,
night and passed on forty-six diplomas,
all of which were approved.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh Etreet, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
"It is an 111 Wind
That Blcnvs Nobody Good.
That small ache or pain or weakness is
the "ill ivind" that directs your attention
to the necessity of purifying your blood by
taking Hood's Sarsaparilla. Then your
*whole body receives good, for the purified
blood goes tingling to every organ. It is
the remedy for all ages and both sexes.
7&Sm\mm^Om^^^
MODUS VIVENDI
NOW HOPED FOR
Prospect of Settlement
of Alaskan Boundary.
— * —
NEGOTIATIONS ARE RESUMED
— —
GREAT BRITAIN MAKES SLIGHT
CONCESSION.
■ •
Has Not Given Up the Claim to a
Port on Lynn Canal, but Aban
dons the Idea of Securing
Pyramid Harbor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. July 21.—
As a result of the resumption of nego
tiations respecting the Alaskan boundary;
controversy administration officials seem
to be growing confident that the modus
Vivendi will be at last agreed upon.
Naturally the authorities dislike to give
I express! to any optimism because the
! two governments are not by any means
yet out of the woods, but the fact that
the British Government replied to the
American note, and it was stated author
itatively to-day, had made a concession,
slight, perhaps, but nevertheless a con
cession, is considered by well informed
officials to mean that an agreement may
yet be reached. '».
Great Britain, acting for Canada, has
not yet given up the hope of securing a
port on Lynn Canal, thou- she has aban
doned her proposition that her right to
Pyramid Harbor be inserted in the modus
Vivendi.
I understand that the two governments
are agreed that the modus Vivendi shall
not be construed as in any way prejudic
ing their claims to the territory in con
troversy, but in urging her claim to Pyra
mid Harbor Great Britain was actuated,
it is believed, by a desire to show before
an arbitral tribunal that might be ap
! pointed to determine the exact location,
of the boundary line that the United
States has so little faith in its own pre
tensions that it permitted her to occupy
Pyramid Harbor. __. _
The determined objection of this *- ,0%
--ernment caused the abandonment of the
British proposition, and while there is
1 still considerable difference In the claims
' of the two governments yet it is hoped in
view of Secretary Hay's courteous repo
sent yesterday that the British Govern
ment will be willing to advance still
further In order to meet the suggestions
of this Government. it can be re.iterateu
positively that the United States does not
propose to permit Great Britain to nave
jurisdiction over the territory occupied
by American mines, ami for this reason as
well as its desire to strictly observe the
treaties defining the boundary the lihe
' must be fixed above the village of KlueK
wan, as already fixed by Secretary Hay.
' Because of the muddled condition of the
controversy Secretary Hay has been com
pelled to postpone his vacation, but the
resumption of active negotiations and
their delicate conduct by the Secretary
1 have strengthened the hope of the Presi
dent and members of the High Joint Com
mission that it will not be long before the
modus Vivendi will be signed. The mat
ter is being actively pressed, and until it
is settled the department will be unable
; to announce whether the High Joint Com
' mission will be adjourned to a definite
date or indefinitely.
Senator Fairbanks was in conference
with Secretary Hay and Special Reciproc
ity Commissioner Kasson to-day regard
ing the Alaskan boundary question and
later called- upon the President with
whom he discussed the dispute. He will
probably make an official statement to
morrow regarding the matter.
BROKEN-DOWN WEAK NERVES
_g|jL-3 Create
lfl|;>' 4 Weak Hearts,
/^__tt\ Wea!(
(wumk\~. Stomachs,
) Jpfl Weak Lungs,
/ |_?l'*'l_— And result in physical
WJ J-H_Hb decline and prerca-
; \Yg?*=__^ '■ ture decay- Weak;
/ \»_>\ _>Sft I nerves to lies;ln with,
/ IW^l^S?' / Nervous Exhaustion
I '_Hg_?y / next. then complete
1 y^ktmv / Nervous Prostration;
\ T&r I this is the order of
\ \ physical decline. The
>&^ IA \ causes that lead to
>, lv l nerve weakness are
\ ' many, therefor^ the
victims are many.
Note the symptoms. Headache or dizziness
(Flp 1) hollow eyes (Fip. 2), paleness and
emaciation <Flr. 3>, coated tongue (Flp 4),
palpitation of the heart (Fig. 5), weakened d.-
gestion (Fig. •*>. rain in small of back (Fig.
7) Inactive liver (Fig. **'. weak lungs (Fig. 9>,
weakness of limbs (Fig. 10). All these de-
I note nerve weakness. Other symptoms are
sleeplessness, tired and worn-out feeling, cos-
tiveness, and nervousness.
There is comfort in the knowledge that a
positive and permanent -cure for Nerve Weak-
ness and Nervous Exhaustion has been found.
That cure is "HUDYAN." HUDYAN corrects
nil the above symptoms. HUDYAN tranqull-
lies the nerves, strengthens the nerves, pro-
motes sound sleep, gives health and strength.
Physicians of dis-
■♦ — ♦ tinction indorse
MEN AND HUDYAN. -'" ,If: **
WOMEN HUDYAN possesses
An VIS FT* genuine merit. Let-
*• " * )tf ?' *-■ ters of gratitude from
_ *" " c ',- _ thousands of people
Call or Write. I prove that HUDYAN
*♦• — •* Is a specific for all
nervous -disorders, for It never falls in Its
good work. HUDYAN" corrects all faults of
digestion and assimilation, and gives a glow
of health to all pale and emaciated faces.
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists— soc a
package or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN,
send direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
TORS ABOUT YOUR CASK FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR "WRITE.
-^PK Dr. R. L. Walsh
/Bgj^«!l^*.»U_ Jv 615*4 GEARY ST.. bet.
ATSSffi '**•' j*_____B Hyde and Larkin.
i?" ~~ = tf^ozo£=sf Painless Extraction..
U|**r v<. /TjtfU Crown's" "."."""."."spa.OM
\J-- != L-J-- Flesh-colored Plates..
K»s.o<»
-Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN tirst prizes for
this branch of. dentistry. No students. 14
years' experience. -"'.-■
&9L C_!c"ient-r*s Encllah Oiacaond Brand. -
Pennyroyal pills
ERNYROYAL PILLS
3 _<J"-"*-v Original and Only 6ennln«. A
J^jfrt^^K safe, —wa.Ti reliable, ladies *iK JS\
j_jfl W—ii— Druggist fcr Chichester * En-iUsh DJs.JS£\^
fc^^^_A^s^npna Brand in lied and Gold l_?t_nic\^p*r*
_"\ — ~^Kf_ ' - Braled with blue rlbboa. Take *^^
*_*_ BfcwfcsS— SB Kefii.iedawjerr.x.. substitu- v
1/ — ' Af tian* and imitatii ns. At DraggUta, or sen- _«,
I w* __T '** ''--""-p* for pirtlcalar*s, t»«tlr_onlal« _oJ
V_• S3 "'Kellof for Ladies. " in letttr. by tern
■_V 'IT Mall. 1 0,000 TMtinoniala. /Tr-. Paper,
—*'*/^Chl<-h-s«terCsxc_dc_JCo.,Mndl«<«B R<ja»r«,
iM bj all tocai •JroggUta. PIIILAOA-, _'_T
*'__-______?* __f nig X '" » non-roinonoaa
*<'_i*_S_s**^* ti 6»«-}^| remedy for ("onorrha*-.
JBHrC CHEt»^__ i " *'' - *spe*matorrho>_,
mfSw 'n 1 to 5 Jays. - H Whites, unnatural rii§.
SfSLs G-ar»nt_cj *g charges, or any lnflarr.ma-
M*«_f no » *° striotaro. tion, irritation or ukera-
\f* qPf«T«nt» contagion. tii.u of mucons mem-
KSITHEEvANS Chemip>i Hi*. l"*anes. Non-astringent.
fIS-l Sold by «*rn_:gi»tA.
*__■___ U. .1. a. _?-3"_ ir s, '- ia Plain wrapper.
<.^SrSßV__l__^©3*| i' ? ,. cx re6 »i prepaid, for
**i_cl______9^* V J. 1 -*'- or 3 hottl_B, "3.75.
-*<%ifcs£a_>-V a Oircuiar wat w_> rae__gh
.^i^S.DEWEY.STRONG &Co.^g_?^
ffsy '<iftMiM-._--.-f _ _ a_i_B_«_gMß-^'*vs-y__
m §
Vfi-S/33_ MARKET sTSe^SB^
-ISSUES NOW
CHAMPIONED
BY BRIAN
Would Put Anti-Trust and
Anti-Imperialism to the
. Front.
YET FORME SILVER
♦
Tammany Works Hard Against the
Nebraska,,- but Will Not Bolt
if He Is Renominated.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CHICAGO, July 21.— William J. Bry
an to-day explained to his lieutenants
that anti-trusts and anti-imperialism
Issues must be pushed to the front.
"While Mr. Bryan declines to formally
eet forth liis views beyond what he
says In his speeches, it is believed he
counts on benefiting by reaction from
.the indecisive attitude of the McKinley
administration. In his view the Philip
pine question was one in which the
public looked to their leaders for guid
ance. It was not a case of waiting to
find out what the people wanted be-
use they- -were in doubt.
So, Mr. Bryan took an early stand
against territorial expansion, or, as he
calls it, imperialism. If Mr. McKinley
had taken other ground directly and
openly, Mr. Bryan seems to think the
administration would have been
stronger.
Some of Mr. Bryan's lieutenants are
expansionists. They have remonstrat
ed privately with him. but he told them
to-day he would not change his posi
tion. He reminded them that he had
advocated the prompt ratification of
the treaty of Paris and that he had not
declared in favor of withdrawing
troops from the Philippines.
I* & seeks to force a:, official declara
tion from the McKinley administration
that it is th- purpose to hold the archi
pelago as a territory and thus raise
the discussion of the permanent reten
tion of the Philippines. Meanwhile he
evidently expects reaction from the
lack of vigorous military measures and
from the effect produced by returning
volunteers.
Mr. Bryan made it apparent that he
thinks expansion or Imperialism may
become an overshadowing issue. How
ever, he gives he New York Democrats
no encouragement to persist in their
pleas to have free silver taken out
of the platform.
•'They overestimated my influence,"
he remarked, "because 1 believe in free
silver and am going in the same direc
tion as others who believe in it. If
they think others would cease to go for
ward If I turned back, they are wrong."
NEW YORK, July 21— Tammany
realized to-day that all its work to stop
the Bryan boom had come to naught.
li.- was a wag who said that Tam
many's effort to beat Colonel Bryan for
-I-,.. Presidency would be resumed the
flrst week in August. The wag meant ,
that Richard Crocker would 1.- back
the first week In August, and until that
time Colonel Bryan would be permitted
to occapv the position in which the
events of Thursday at Chicago have
placed him— of . being the sole pretender j
to the Democratic throne. Mr. Croker |
is coming back at least a week earlier
than he had intend
Developments at Chicago, at the
meeting of the Democratic National
Committee rather dazed the/local Tam
many leaders, who have beeen assist
ing Mr. Croker in his campaign to con
trol the next National Convention. John
F. Carroll, the deputy leader of Tam
many, was out of the city, but Corpor
ation Counsel Whalen, Sheriff Dunn.
Mayor Van Wyck and Tax Commis-
Bipner Feitner were in their offices. Not
a man would say a word for publica
tion, but It was evident that they were
prepared for the inevitable and willing
to accept the view that Bryan was
able and willing to nominate himself.
The state of mind in which the Tam
many politicians found themselves per
mit this statement to be made as to
the organization's policy: Bryan's re
nomination is regarded as possible, but
Tammany will do everything in its
power to prevent it.
Falling in that, Tammany will en
deavor to keep 18 to I out of the plat
form and got 'he platform and Bryan's
views toned down to suit the Eastern j
Democrats.
To Muster Out NebrasXans.
OMAHA, Nebr., July 21.— General Barry
left Omaha this morning for San Fran
cisco on .-.;.- pertaining to mustering out
the First Nebraska Regiment, due there
July 2*. Congressman Stark will Join Gen
eral Barry.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
v f' m \v The drummer who
V,,,__ * I tries to talk a merchant
l^^l~ j into purchasing a bill
I fi I lof good- may be hand-!
/ /XjLet. capped by a face ren-
/ r*"^**------^-"""" — de re( * unsightly by pir-
n c ?ofl j~~ pies and blotches and
vm ' by a foul breath. Some
•v. _____^ fjffli men imagine that bad
~~ "*:■ health does not handi-
cap thera in business. A bigger mistake
was never made. The slightest disorder
may be the biggest kind of a detriment to
a business man. An unsightly skin is
caused by impurities of the blood. A foul
breath means a weak stomach, an impaired
digestion and an inactive liver. A sweet
breath means that the stomach is sweet,
the digestion good, the liver active and the
bowels regular. It is an indication of
a thoroughly constitutional sweetness.
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
strengthens the stomach, facilitates the
flow of digestive juices, gives edge to the
appetite, makes digestion and assimilation
perfect, invigorates the liver and purifies
and enriches the blood. It is the great
blood-maker and flesh-builder. It is the
great blood-purifier. It makes the 'eye
brighter, the skin clearer, the breath sweet-
er and the step more elastic. It imparts
both mental and bodily activity. It cures
all diseases resulting from impurities in
the blood. Found at all medicine -tores.
"I was a complete wreck; appetite gone, nerv-
ous system impaired; could not sleep; and was (*>
weak that I could not stand on my feet ten
minutes," writes Miss Ella Bartlev, of No. 213S
Bouth Grant Aye.. Columbus, Ohio. "I only
weighed 95". pounds. Dr. Pierces Golden Med-
ical Discovery cured me and now I have an ex-
cellent appetite, sleep soundly and my friends
say they never saw me so well."
rA man or woman who neglects
constipation suffers from . slow
poisoning. Dr. Pierces Pleasant
Pellets cure constipation. One
little "Pellet" is a gentle laxa-
tive, and two a mild cathartic.
All medicine dealers sell them.
No other pills are "just as good,"
DAVIS' AUTOMOBILE
REACHES SYRACUSE
WARMLY GREETED
UPON ARRIVAL
Great Interest Shown in
the Journey.
Speolal Dispatch to The Call.
0-» ■$-+-$>-+-<$> -♦->••>-•-<•*>-•- •s>-♦-»-*-#
♦_ , ♦
BY JOHN D. DAVIS.
SYRACUSE. N. V., July 21— We
left Utica at 5 o'clock, making the
run to Vernon, eighteen miles, in
an hour arid forty-five minutes.
We had breakfast at Vernon and
proceeded west, the automobile buck
ing considerably, and an examination
THREE MOURNING
DAYS FOR RUSSIA
Plans for Grand Duke
George's Funeral.
Special Cable to The Call an* the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Uor
. Bennett.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 21.— The Dow
ager Empress has left for Batoum to meet j
the body of the late Grand Duke George. j
Her Majesty was accompanied by Grand
Duchess Xenia and Grand Duke Michael, ■
brother and sister of the deceased: also |
by Grand Duke Alexander Mikhalovlch, j
Mile. Catherine Ojeroff, maid of honor,
and a numerous suite. The body of the
Czarowltch will be conveyed in a sumptu
ous catafalque drawn by horses to Bor
geoine, the reside*-- of Grand Duke
Michael Nicolaevich. and thence to the
railway station at Batoum.
At Sebastopol the imperial train with
a funeral car will await the arrival of the
cruiser, and will leave at once with the
body for Moscow, where It is expected to
arrive on July 24. The Emperor will meet
the body there, and the funeral proces
sion will reach St. Petersburg on the
evening of the following day.
At Nicholas railway station an Imposing
procession will be formed, In which dig
nitaries of the court, of the army and of
the fleet will take part, and after the
usual ceremonial will escort the body to
the Cathedra] of St. Peter and St. Paul.
The body will lie in state in an open
coffin beneath a magnificent catafalque
for three days. The funeral will take
place at the cathedral on July 27 at 10
o'clock in the morning.
The body is clothed In the uniform of
the Marine Guard and for a shroud is
covered by the flag Of the Russian navy.
During the three days the body will be
lying in state all theater.- and public gar
dens will be closed and bands will be for
bidden to play. Funeral mas-.:; will he
said in every church In Russia, at which
i by imperial ukase prayers will Ik; offered
for the repose of the soul of the late
Grand Duke.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
California Postmasters Commissioned
by the President.
WASHINGTON. July 21.— The President
to-day commissioned the following Cali
fornia postmasters: A. C. Greely, at La
porte; Edward O. Mt-ssinger, at Palo Ce
dro; B. E. Ellis, at Rivera, and N. A.
Juarez, at Uvas.
Army orders: By direction of the Sec
retary of War, the following anting as
sistant surgeons of the United States
army will proceed to San Francisco and
report to the commanding general. De
partment of California, for assignment to
duty: 1,. 15. Sandall, from Ausable,
Mich.; George < '. Calkins, from Tona
wanda, N. Y.
The following enlisted men, now sup
posed to be at stations designated after
their respective names, having enlisted
under false pretenses, will be discharged
without honor from the service of the
United States by their respective com
manding officers: Private James H. Ter
rell of Company E, Twenty-fifth United
States Infantry; Private Walter M. See
see, hospital corps, Manila.
Acting Assistant Surgeon John J. GII
-huley will proceed from Bridgeport,
Conn., to San Francisco, and report In
person to the commanding general of the
. Department of California for assignment
to duty.
Acting Assistant Surgeon F. A. E. Dis
ney will proceed from New York City tti
Camp Meade, Pa., and report in person
to the commanding officer of the Nine
teenth United States Infantry, to accom
pany that regiment to Manila.
Pensions: California - - Original — John
Dixon, San Francisco, $6. Increase Henry
W. George. Nestor. $16 to $17; Lorenzo D.
Benton, Pasadena, $6 to $10.
Oregon Reissue Emerson H. Parker,
Gaston, $8.
Washington Original— S. York,
Spokane, $12.
YELLOW FEVER IN MEXICO.
But It Is Kept From Spreading to the
United States.
AUSTIN, Tex.. July 21.— The State
Health Department here has received of
j ficial advices from Mexico -.hat the yellow
fever epidemic at coast cities and towns
in that country Is rapidly decreasing in
severity. The National Board of Health
of Mexico sent representatives to .-ill of
, the Infected places a short time ago, and
j since then quarantine measures have been
■ enforced and a stop was soon put to the
spread of the disease. The United States
i marine hospital service surgeons In Mcx-
I ico are also very vigilant, and it is largely
! due to their efforts that the fever has not
j spread to the United States through Tex
as border points.
Burglars Revel in a Cellar.
SAN RAFAEL, July 21.— daring bur
glary was committed at the residence of
William Llchtenberg,'; the capitalist, last
night and_-*q-*slderab'o booty, was obtained
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 22, 1899.
00000000000000000
° START JULY 13. J
© Miles. °
® Estimated Distance to J*
° Cover . ... 3,700 JJ
° Friday's Run .... 54 JJ
° Total Distance Covered 284 °
O O
00000000000000000
showed that some one had meddled
with the spanking brushes, making it
necessary to put In new ones. We have
found it impossible to keep the crowds
away from the carriage, and while
watching one part curious and ma
licious people toy with whatever is in
sight. We stopped at Canostota for
two hours, repairing the spokes and for
luncheon, making the run into Syra
cuse in three minutes less than two
hours, making the total running time
from Utica to Syracuse, fifty-four
miles, four hours and fifteen minutes.
The roads were on the whole excel
lent, except short stretches, and the
turnpike into Syracuse was nearly ideal.
At the city line we struck the meanest
"thank you inarms" and mudholes thus
far seen. The outlying streets are a
disgrace to the municipality. A big
crowd awaited us and escorted us in,
Mr. H. F. Brower being present with
his Duryea motor.
We made a fine run in, but at the
corner of Fayette and State streets met
with a serious accident. The bolt con
necting the piston between the two cyl
inders snapped and the forward piston
tore a big hole in the casing of the
Kinder and bent the main shaft. 1
stopped the motor and also went to a
machine shop to effect repairs. These
will be completed to-morrow, and we
will take up our journey.
Truly it is "Frisco or bust," but so
far it has been mostly "bust." We are
, by the thieves. An entrance was obtained
by prying open a cellar door. Once in the
cellar the burglars entered the main
building by means of a stairway. They
took away silverware to -the value of $200
' and, returning to the cellar, carried away
'■ bottles of wine aggregating $100 in cost.
! A peculiar feature of the burglary was
j that after the men re-entered the cellar
i they closed the door leading to the main
| floor and had a merry carousal. Bottles
! of wine were smashed, groceries thrown
! topsy-turvey and milk spilled over the
; floor. One thief stepped in a crate of
I butter and left the imprint of his foot.
USED ANOTHER'S NAME
TO GAIN A LIVING
Blacklisted Railroad Man Killed by a
Train in the Yards at
Saugus.
DOS ANGELES. July 21.— A railroad
man who called himself Robert J. Dun
lop of Denver, Col., was instantly killed
by a train at Saugus yesterday. Dun
lop came to Los Angeles from Denver
over a month ago, having been former
ly connected with the Denver and Rio
Grande. He was looking for employ
ment and had received a letter, which
was found upon his person, from the
yardmaster at The Needles, offering
him work.
Yesterday Dunlop walked from New
hall to Saugus. There was a freight
train standing there, and he went to
the caboose to have a talk with the
train crew. He was standing on the
steps of the caboose when the train
suddenly moved. Dunlop lost his bal
ance and fell to the ground. The wheels
of the caboose passed over his neck and
nearly decapitated him.
At noon to-day a railroad man named
Michael Connor, who resides in this
city, called at the police station and
told a peculiar story regarding the
death of Dunlop. Connor says that the
man was In reality Charles Ryan, for
merly employed on the Rock Island
Route. He was one of the strikers who
stayed out In the great strike of 1894
and was blacklisted. He went all over
the country trying to get work, but
failed. When his friend. Robert J. Dun
lop, also a railroad man, enlisted for
the war, Ryan assumed his name and
took his card as a member of the union,
In order to get work.
The real Robert J. Dunlop is now in
the Philippines, a member of Company
D. Fourteenth Regiment United States
volunteers, under Captain Hart. Ever
since he went away from Denver in a
soldier's uniform Ryan has used his
name and credentials. A curious state
of affairs now exists. Robert J. Dun
lop is declared by a Coroner's jury to
be legally dead and is in fact alive, or
was when last heard from.
BRADY OF ALASKA
OPPOSED TO TRUS T S
Writes to Sayers of Texas, Reg-retting
That He Cannot Attend the
Conference.
AUSTIN, Tex., . July 21.— Governor
Savers to-day received a< letter from Gov
\ ernor John <;. Brady of Alaska on the.
subject of the proposed anti-trust confer
ence to be held In St. Louis. Brady says:
"I shall not be able to accept your In-
vitation, because I have mapped out a
trip down the Yukon River to St. Michael,
from there to the seal Islands and around
the coast back to Sitka. The subject of
trusts is one of the most important of our
time, and just how to grapple with it and
control it Is a serious problem. Some of
our States are no doubt lax In making" it
easy for any and all kinds of corporations
to be created. It would seem therefore
proper that remedies be applied. Here In
Alaska we have not suffered very much,
save only as to prices of such staple
commodities as have been raised by
trusts. We feel here that capital must
be encouraged by allowing it to combine
under suitable laws, for it requires such
to undertake the development of our re
sources here In Alaska. I am certainly in
f-tvor of regulating these vast combina
tions which undertake to shin off all com
petition and limit production according to
what they think It should be. I hate to
see all small dealers driven to the wall,
and do not believe that it is good public
policy to allow it. Perhaps no better time
in our history could occur for this great
problem to arise and have the people care
fully deliberate upon It and settle It. I
wish you all success In your efforts."
British Sailor Drowned.
HONOLULU, July 14.— George Gibson, a
sailor on the British ship Amphitrite,
was drowned in the waters of the bay
yesterday. At an early hour he and his
shipmates went in swimming. They had
an old scow near -the vessel, from which
they were diving. Gibson had gone off
twice. On the third plunge he went down
not to rise again. Gibson was 21 years of
age. His home address is 748 Calle Bra
zil. Buenos Ayres. He is a citizen of the
Argentine Republic. His father was an
Englishman and his mother an Italian.
He arrived here on his ship July 4. •**•■** *
MINOR MISHAPS
MAD THE TRIP
Additional Repairs Made
to the Machine.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
not discouraged by the many mishaps
and are still, confident of reaching our
destination. I was somewhat dis
heartened by the accident, and some
2000 persons ln front of the Post-Stand
ard office were disappointed. Mrs.
Davis keeps up her courage wonder
fully, and is determined to make the
Golden Gate successfully. She stands
the strain unusually well.
ENGLAND TO SEND
A NAVAL ATTACHE
Seeks Knowledge of
American Methods.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
i LONDON*. July 21.— 1n the House of
i Commons to-day, discussing the ship
j building vote, the Rt. Hon. George J.
| Ooschen. First Lord of the Admiralty.
! said that there had been no change In the
policy of foreign Governments, and so
there was nothing to induce the British
Government to change theirs, which was
to maintain equality with the fleets of
Russia and France, in whose programmes,
however, be saw no menace to England.
Alluding to the use of electricity in the
! navy Mr. Goschen said:
"Both the United States and Japan are
now naval powers sufficiently Important
to make us think we ought to have a na
val attache in those countries. As attache
to the Government at Washington we are
going to appoint an official especially com
petent to deal with electrical matters."
During the consideration of the War Of
fice vote dealing with the subject of re
cruiting, Mr. George Wyndham, Parlia
mentary Secretary for th.? War Office and
member for Dover, referring to the re
proaches leveled against the Government
for not entering: into some agreement with
th colonies, said it was difficult to ap
proach the colonies on the subject unless
they displayed a disposition to volunteer
their assistance In Sharing the burdens of
the empire. At the present moment, how
ever, proposals were being submitted for
Canada's consideration, the nature of
which he could not now indicate.
CORCORAN'S ALIBI THE
POINT OF ATTACK
Prosecution in the Wardner Case
Seeks to Disprove Defend
ant's Statements.
WALLACE, Idaho. July 21.— Most of the
day was taken up by argument on the ad
missibility of evidence regarding Corco
ran's residence before the Coroner's jury.
The Judge took the matter under advise
ment until to-morrow morning, statin.
that he doubted if it was admissible. The
State will make every possible effort to
secure Its admission, as it contradicts
every witness who has aided In providing
an alibi. Corcoran testified before the
Coroner's jury that be went home at 11
o'clock, remaining until 4, during which
time he saw and conversed with but two
persons. This is in conflict with the testi
mony of more than a dozen "witnesses,
who testified to having seen and con
versed with him in Burke between these
hours.
Juror Carr was ill all day and to-night
is under the care of a physician. His
sickness may delay the trial somewhat.
DECISION FOR CHOYNSKL
"Jack" McCormiek Stays the Limit
With the Westerner.
CHICAGO, July 21.— Joe Choynskl boxed
six rounds with Jack McCormiek of Phil
adelphia to-night. Choynskl got the de
cision at the end of the sixth round.
Choynskl did most of the leading, but in
decision did not please the spectators.
Crosby of St. Louis knocked out Jack
Gallagher, of Chicago in three rounds.
Bobby Eagan of Toronto was knocked
out In two rounds by Con Suffleld of Chi
cago. HP—™ 1 :' _
Inspect Stanford Buildings.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 21.— :
Professor Nicholas Murray Butler, who j
occupies the chair of pedagogy at Colum
bia University, New York City, and j
Nicholas Murray, librarian of Johns Hop- i
kins University, were the guests of the
university to-day. They were driven
about the campus and carefully inspected
the buildings of Stanford. Especial in
terest was taken In the new library build- i
ing and its appointments. The two gen- i
tlemen Cave been attending the meeting j
of the National Educational Asssociatlon
at Los Angeles, and are visiting some of
the places of Interest in the State before
returning East.
Renews Old Acquaintances.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 21.— I
President Joseph Swain of Indiana Uni
versity, accompanied by hlB wife and
Mrs. Morgan, was the guest of Professor
Frank A. Felter on the campus yester
day and to-day. President Swain left on i
the afternoon train to-day for San Fran
. cisco. He spent the day driving about the
i campus and visiting his former friends.
When the university was first organized
Swain was the head of the department of ;
t mathematics, but he left in 1593 to accept '•
| the presidency of the University of jjk_» '
ims-; ____!
DYNAMITE
IS EXPLODED
UNDER A CAR
Strike at Cleveland Assumes
a More Serious
Aspect.
reservesTre ready
— —
Fierce Rioting in the Streets F c
lowed by the Summoning of
the Naval Militia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND, 0., July 21.— The street
railway strike is assuming a more
threatening aspect. At 4 o'clock this
afternoon Mayor Farley ordered the
naval reserves to prepare for strike
duty. This organization, 104 strong,
armed with Lee rifles and Gatling and
Gardiner machine guns, assembled at
the armory on Sibley street at 6 o'clock
and to-night slept there. They are
awaiting the further orders of the
Mayor.
To-night there was rioting on Wilson
avenue and on Pearl street. A mob of
5000 congregated on Wilson avenue, be
tween Payne avenue and Superior
street, and threw stones at every car
that came along. A squad of twenty
policemen tried to keep order and only
partly succeeded, the disorder continu
ing until the cars stopped running at 11
p. m. They were compelled to charge
the mob, repeatedly using their heavy
riot clubs, and many broken heads are
the result. One arrest was made.
An attempt was made to blow up a
street car with dynamite at 9:30 o'clock
this evening. The car was on Euclid
avenue, returning to the Lakeview
barns, when a terrific explosion oc
curred under the wheels at Annandale
avenue, opposite the residence of Henry.
A. Everett, president of the Big Con
solidated Street Railway Company.
The car was nearly jolted off the track,
but was not stopped. The half dozen
passengers on board were badly fright
ened, but none of them were injured.
No harm was sustained by the car and
it proceeded on its journey. There is
no clue to the perpetrators.
About the same time on Pearl street
the non-union street railway men who
had left the Holmden avenue barns to
purchase tobacco were pursued by. a
howling mob. One of the fugitives fired
a revolver, but hit no one, and the bul
let passed through a large plateglass
window across the street. The street
car men sought refuge in a store, and
lat this time the police arrived and
i charged into the crowd, scattering it
j quickly . In the confusion a number of
' women who were in the crowd were
thrown down and a little girl was
struck by a policeman's club and se
verely bruised.
STATUS OF THE STRIKE
IN GREATER NEW YORK
NEW YORK, July 21.— 1n the bor
oughs of Manhattan and Brooklyn to
day the strike situation, generally
speaking, remains unchanged. On
Manhattan Island cars on all the lines
of the Metropolitan system were run
on practically the usual headway, and
at night the cars on Second avenue.
Sixth and Eighth avenues were under
police protection, although the claim
is made by the company that there is
no longer any necessity even for this.
Policemen still guard the depots of the
several lines. It is expected they will
be sent back to the stations Saturday
or Sunday, and if this is done little
trouble will be anticipated with the
strikers in the future.
The events of the greatest Interest
during the day were the arrest of Pres
ident Rossiter of the Brooklyn Rapid
Transit Company on a warrant issued
by Magistrate Brenner, charging him
with criminal libel, Albert L. Johnson,
formerly president of the Nassau Hail
road, being the complainant, and the
notification of the different attorneys
within the limits of Greater New _ork
that the ten-hour law was enforcible
and asking them to communicate with
Secretary John P. Donnelly of the
building trades section of the Centra!
Trade Union and submit complaints to
a Grand Jury or Magistrate. The ar
rest of President Rossiter, although in
teresting, will not, it is thought, have
any marked effect on the strike.
Ex-President Johnson objects to
statements made by President Rossiter
to Brooklyn reporters in a recent inter
view. In the interview Mr. Rossiter is
quoted as saying, after referring to the
strikers charged with blowing up the
Fifth avenue elevated structure with
dynamite: "Those are not my men.
Mr. Albert L. Johnson is welcome to
them; Mr. Albert L. Johnson is the
leader of them; lam told that there is
evidence against some of the men to
send them to prison for twenty years."
The letters written by Mayor Van
Wyck to each of the district attorneys
of the four counties Included within the
city, regarding the enforcement of the
ten-hour law. It is thought may result
in a transference of the street car
trouble of Greater New York to the
courts.
After requesting the different district
attorneys to bring the subject of the
alleged enforcement of the ten-hour
law to the Grand Jury or Magistrates
having jurisdiction, the Mayor wrote
to Secretary Donnelly informing him
that violations of the labor laws should
by brought to the attention of the Dis
trict Attorneys in the county where the
offense Is committed and notifying him
of the instructions sent to those offi
cials. The strikers held various meet
ings to-night in the different boroughs.
The Brooklyn strike leaders still seem
to be of the opinion that the men have
a chance for victory. During the after
noon and evening strikers on both sides
of 'the East River discussed the wisdom
of the policy of the programme of Mas
ter Workman Parsons to march to the
City Hall with thousands of men for
the purpose of protesting to Mayor
Van Wyck against the alleged violation
of the ten-hour law. On account of the
action of Mayor Van Wyck in address
ing letters to various district attor
neys asking them to arrange for en
forcement of this law it was decided
to give up the march to the City Hall.
Girl Runs Away From Home.
MENLO PARK. July 21.— Martha Mun- j
son, a 14-year-old girl, employed by Mrs.
H. Gibson of Menlo Park, disappeared this
week, taking her clothing with her. The
police of San Jose were notified, as it is
supposed she went to that city. No rea
son is known why she should have run :
away.
Wilder-Harnden Nuptials.
HONOLULU, July 14.— The engagement
of James A. Wilder of Honolulu to Miss
Sara Harnden of Alameda is announced.
The wedding will take place at Alameda
on October 6 and the young couple will |
proceed at once to Paris, wnere the groom j
JfcAt. pursuing pltt, art gaudies.; I
ROBBERS KIDNAP
AN ABLE-BODIED
MAN IN DAYTIME
Crowded Street in Tacoma the
Scene of Their Daring
Exploit.
TACOMA, July David Brittain. a railroad brakeman employed by
the Northern Pacific, created a sensation at police headquarters this after
noon by telling a story of kidnaping and robbery seldom equaled in the an
nals of Tacoma.
According to his story he drew his pay check yesterday shortly after
noon and got it cashed by a Pacific-avenue saloon-keeper. A number of
men were about the saloon, when he received the coin, but he paid no-atten
tion to thera and proceeded up Pacific avenue.
When Brittain reached the corner of Eleventh and Railroad streets he
was accosted by a heavy-set man, who stepped out of a buggy that was
standing near the sidewalk, the stranger asking him if he knew the address
of a certain real estate firm. Brittain replied in the negative. The man sud
denly seized his arm and pushed him into the buggy, in which another man
was seated, and the rig drove off.
Brittain said he tried to remonstrate, but was silenced by the sight at a
knife which the big man drew, telling him to keep his mouth shut or he
would be cut into ribbons.
The buggy was then driven down Railroad street to Fifteenth and out
that thoroughfare until it passed the city limits and reached Lakeview. The
kidnapers seemed to want to avoid observation, for. they took unfrequented
roads and drove as fast as their jaded horse would travel. When near
Hillhurst, Brittain says, they produced a bottle of whisky, from which they
drank, and which was offered to him. He refused, and they then pulled
him out of the buggy and took his money, amounting to $71 50, and his
watch. It was then about 6 o'clock.
The men drove off, leaving him in the road. Not being familiar with the
locality he wandered about until dark and then sat down under a tree
where he remained all night, starting to walk back to Tacoma at daylight
this morning. He went first to the railroad offices and reported his adven
ture and then called tit the police headquarters. He described his kidnapers
closely, stating that the one who pushed him into the buggy was a heavy-set
man about 45 years of age. His companion was somewhat younger He had
never seen either . f them before. The buggy Brittain described as an old
affair, dusty as though it had recently undergone a long journey
The Police Department Is mystified at Brittain's tale, failing to see how
so bold a kidnaping could take place in open daylight without attention
being attracted to it, but is losing no time in tracing the matter up The
cashing of the pay check and several other details have been verified' The
corner where Brittain claimed to have been kidnaped is in the center of
the city and in front of both daily newspaper offices.
STORIES OF ATTEMPTS
TO KILL DREYFUS
Sham Rescue at Devils Island Said
to Have Been Planned as a ■
Pretext for Murder.
NEW YORK, July 21.— A Sun cable from
Paris says: The assertion that an at
tempt was recently made to assassinate
Dreyfus at Rennes causes the French
press to continue the publication of tho
treatment of Dreyfus during his confine
ment on Devils Island.
Upon one occasion, it is declared. Com
mandant Verillon, with the connivance of
the administration, organized a pretended
rescue, hoping that the warder would kill
Dreyfus if he attempted to seize the
chance to escape. The sham attempt to
rescue Dreyfus Is alleged to have been
instigated by minor French officials in
French Guiana.
A whaleboat was brought along Devils
Island In the middle of the night, a gun
was fired and much noise made.
Hearing the noise. Dreyfus' guard took
up a revolver and pointed it at the pris
oner, who. awakened, asked what was the
matter: but seeing the revolver, he said
nothing more.
In an official explanation, it is state
that the affair was, in reality, a test of
the vigilance of the warders.
COLONIES IN ARGENTINA.
They Will Be Settled by the Surplus
Population of Italy.
Special Cable t« The Call and the Now York
Herald. Copyrighted, IB9f, by James Gor
don Bennett.
RIO JANEIRO, July 21. — General
Riciotti Garibaldi, In an interview, de
nied the rumor that he was going to
collect money to start republican col
onies in Argentina, in order to settle
there the dissatisfied .pi.- in Italy.
Me said the object of his journey was
to establish colonies in Argentina, in
order to settle there the surplus popu
lation of Italy, and thus avert the dan
ger of a social revolution in that coun
try.
;■ > ■!• ♦ •!■ ♦ ■!■ » ■!■ • ■:•»■:■> -.s. »■•;■».■• .■♦■l. ♦ •»■!■» .■>■!• • •'*••> l •'I 1 * 1
y
■. . .
■x-y,y :v:y;-y.v. y\ ■:■■ -.*-,.' >
tf tf- ?. *-?:■ hitf tf. tf tftf tfytf tf '. 'tf': , tftf'tf tf-tftf ..tftftf tftfyMtftftftftftftftftftftf-tf tftfy tfytf 2t. tfytf tftf-tf \
■tf y-'tftf- ■■. :■■'-■■ ■'■■■■■ :-■■■" tf'tftftf. •■■:■ - tf -tf-y -- . ■:-: •*; •- >■ . .■ * .- - ■:■■-■:■ I
_^*Ij^' tf%,
'^m <-_«____P
_il_
**^l__B_k.
"_*r tf __-B__!__-^,
>:_»•___£& _. i_H_iH| «( - ..*>♦ * ?4
, |^jg|^HHtV_>' i_l -^-^littr-"^^
$ * _M____b^_^_^^)i?Bb_l __r-_l *!___ »_ _B£-Ilt
?'• „__y_ii_i_H^_^^^^ra___________l * ______ /'*- ** s v^^?'« _B__
.1 *** f _§* * "^ '''
THE MAN OF THE HOUR.
A MAGNIFICENT PORTRAIT OF
ADMIRAL DEWEY
lIST TEIST COLORS
(Size 14x21 inches.)
1 \
I FREE " Advertisers 1
Bring in Yonr Advertisements To-day and To-morrow for
SUNDAY'S COLL.
THIS PORTRAIT ,8 ,n no sense a cheap c * iromo, but an exam of
— — — -——-_—_-_____ the highest style of illuminated printing: in the
famous French style of color-plate work. An ornament to any library or drawing-
room. BEARS THE AUTOGRAPH OF ADMIRAL DEWEY. Cannot be had else-
where In San Francisco than at the Business Office of THE CALL, where sample
copies may be seen. -
LAWTON MAY COMMAND
THE FIELD OPERATIONS
NEW YORK. July 21.-A special to the
: Journal from Washington says: When the
rainy season ends and the fall campaign
In the Philippines begins General Otis
will be restricted to discharging the ad
ministrative duties of Governor General,
, while another army officer, probably Law
. ton. will be in command of the field op
i erations.
That prediction may be hazarded at this
; early day. Adjutant General Corbin, who
dislikes heroes, Is opposing the plan, but
; the sentiment among army men is rapidly
crystalizlng, and Republican politicians of
sense are of the same opinion. Nearly
all of the Republican leaders who have
called on the President during the last
four days have told him of the feeling in
their homes.
The criticisms of returning volunteer
are perhaps, the most potent influences
operating on th. Presidential mind.
These sentiments are reaching the Pres
ident by word of mouth, by telegram and
by letter. Army officers of discretion are
i writing privately to their friends in the
service here complaining of Otis' vacilla
tion, lack of decision and aparent Inability
to grasp the full military situation. Several
; of the writers have suggested that Otis
■ was harried and driven almost to distrac
: tion by foolish instructions from Wash
ington. This has reached the President's
, ears, and whether or not true he does
i not like the Imputation.
— ♦■ —
General Denial Entered.
MARYSVILLE. July 21.-The answer of
defendants In the case of Yuba County
vs. the Kate Hayes Mining- Company, set
ting up a general denial of allegations in
the complaint, was filed to-day.
Cruiser Geier at Corinto.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, July 21.—
German cruiser Geier has arrived at Cor
into.
President Zelaya has issued a call for
another loan of $500,000, which is being:
liberally subscribed.
34
MR. PHELAN'S
BANQUET TO
THE CADETS
His Country Home Thrown
Open to Camp Fal
lon's Denizens.
ONE DAY'S FEATURES AT CAMP FALLON.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, CAMP
FALLON. SANTA CRUZ, July 21.—
Mayor Phelan returned the honors
paid him yesterday by the League
of the Cross Cadets by giving a
luncheon to the officers and a feast for
the cadets at his beautiful country home
this afternoon. Seated at the banquet
hoard were the host . Mayor Lamb of this
city. Colonel Sullivan and staff. F. J. Sul
livan and Fathers Dempsey, Cullen, Mc-
Namee and nd McKinnon.
The cadets arrived at the grounds at 2
o'clock, and enjoyed themselves at tennis,
target-shooting, baseball and . other pas
times. A splendid repast was then par
taken of by the cad' in the open and
greatly enjoyed.'
The Mayor wa.s constantly cheered by
the happy cadets, and on their departure
many utilized pie-plates as souvenirs and
had their host affix his autograph to them.
This kept him busy, as nearly fifty cadets
asked for his signature.
This evening a minstrel show was given
in th.- opera-house by the cadets for the
benefit of Father McNamee's schools. The
theater was crowded. The programme
was an excellent one, and went through
without a hitch. Quite a neat sum was
netted
Corporal James E. McCormiek of Com
pany D is the poet of the camp. When
ever his company Is in need of a song he
seats himself on a cracker box. gazes at
the stars for inspiration and reels it off
by the yard.
"The Heinecapoopilas." one of the fore
most secret societies in the camp, gave
a pieless reception to their high sachem,
"Chief lo." who arrived from Sunny
side via San Francisco on last night's
cattle train. "More Pie" Gavin refused
to attend on account of the presence of
"Barber Pole" Kelly. "Less Work" Ga
nev upheld the honor of the "Heii
poopilas" by having "Bolo" run in for
working too hard.
The Clams" of Company A, composed
of Jack Mclnerney, Matt Leonard and
Frank Sullivan, are on the beach every
night till 2 a. m., and seem to be the
champions in running the guard.
Corporal Jack May of Company I
brought his nerve to camp. That indi
vidual gave a sample or its quality last
night while on guard duty. At 3 a. m.
he veiled lustily fur the tired corporal's
guard, and on "their arrival at his post
after a hard run, their consternation was
great when they found no prisoners, but
were calmly asked for a match by the
nervy corporal. Anathemas were hurled
at his devoted head and he was again
left to his lonely vigil.
Regimental Quartermaster Sergeant
"Brindle" McGinn is a hero, and what is
better still, his bravery has been recog
UNNAMED PEAK
IN THE CASCADES
A Discovery Made by
Mountain Climbers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. July 21. Seventeen moun
tain climbers, members of the Mazamas
from Oregon and Washington, have
just had a sensational experience in the
Cascades. They succeeded in planting
the American and English colors on the
summit of a hitherto unnamed peak,
5000 feet above the sea. -
Dr. E. Weldon Young of Seattle, who
led he ascending party, escaped by a
miracle from falling down a steep and
dangerous snow .field. The fortunate
presence of a thin barrier of bush and
dwarf cedars was all that prevented his
being dashed headlong on the rocks be
low.
Dr. Young's terrific toboggan slide of
CCO feet and his marvel escape frorri
death or serious injury was the chief
feature of the ascent. A perfect day
for mountain climbing and the fact that
•he leaders in the expedition pronounced
the view from the summit the finest
ever attained In the history of the
Mazamas were the other features.
Clinging to the lifeline and to the al
most perpendicular side of the peak,
•,>ith less than two feet on either side
between them and the abyss 2000 feet
below, the Mazamas conducted their
traditional mountain peak exercises by
the breaking of a bottle of wine. The
mountain; which overlooks the Horse
•: hoe Basin, was christened Sahale
hinbok (meaning high).
It was while crossing a. snowfield at
nn elevation of 4.00 feet that Dr. Young
came perilously near losing his life.
He was searching for a way to reach
th" bench of rocks above the field,
while the party waited below. The life
nized with a medal. It is only a leather
one, but if it was of gold and studded
with diamonds the auburn-haired man
with the high sounding title would not
take more pleasure In displaying it. It
reposes on his brawny breast, where it
was placed by a committee of ladles in
the presence of the staff officers of the
regiment. On the medal is the following
inscription: "Cum Laude. Presented to
Sergeant 'Brindle' McGinn in recognition
of his heroism in saving the lives of three
young ladies of Santa Cruz. July 20, 1899.
A reception was given in honor of the
hero at the home of the Morriseys on the
Soquel road last night. In making the
presentation speech Miss Kitty Lawlor
of San Francisco told how "Brindle" at
the risk of his own life sprang forward
and prevented a phaeton being overturned
b\ a fractious horse. Her narration
proved a stirring one and her auditors
gazed in admiration at the young sold;,
Among the officers who witnessed the
presentation were: Majors McGloin and
McCarthy. Captains Duffy. Hopper, Mc-
Carthy, Monohan; Bannon and Sullivan,
Lieutenants Mahoney and Watts, Ser
geants James Frank Dougherty and
••Hibernian" Owens.
A party consisting of members of Com
pany A went on an excursion to Capitola
Wednesday and passed a delightful day.
Those who went were First Sergeant Mc-
Kinley, Sergeant Leonard, Sergeant Sulli
van. Corporal Byington and Privates Do
lan, Bvington, Joseph O'Brien, Joseph
Sullivan, Rothberg Herring, O'Connell
and McN'enomy. The day's outing was
enlivened by a boat race between Pri
vates Sullivan and O'Brien and Sergeant
McKinley and Corporal Byington. The
latter won because of a dispute between
the former crew as to which one would
have the honor of rowing the boat to vic
tory.
J. Tahan*ev* of Company 11 dreamed last
night wait he was making cans. In put
ting a head on on- of the cans he left his
downy couch and picked up a tin basin
and hit his companion, I*. Kelly, over the
head with it. The latter awakened in
time to go to the hospital, while Tahjinc-y
was allowed to continue his dreaming in
the guardhouse.
Robert Gieason had to sweep streets
yesterday for an Infraction of r«;e rules.
As be swept the members of his company
sang in time to the strokes of his broom.
•A number of ladies . from the Sea Beach
happened to visit camp at that Inoppor
tune moment and saw Bobby doing menial
work. The ladies turfied their aristocratic
noses up at the young man and will prob
ably cut his acquaintance, and Gieason
Rev. Father MacCorry, the eloquent
Paulist missionary, was a visitor In camp
yesterday. Rev. Father McKinnon of St.
James also dropped in to get a glimpse of
camp life.
line was In use, but Dr. Young had left
It in an endeavor to find a good way
upward. He started diagonally across
the field, when he missed his footing
and shot down the slope with terrific
velocity, feet foremost. A thin fringe
of dwarf cedars and snruce lay in
Young's path. He grabbed one of these
as he shot down the mountain and then
disappeared from view. There was one
moment of silence and then his cheery
voice saying, "I'm all right," came
from the snow-lined thicket and the
Mazamas breathed again.
BRUTAL ATTACKS
ON CORRESPONDENTS
County Authorities of Kentucky Not
Anxious to Have Feuds
Investigated.
LONDON, 'Ky., July 21.— Carl Daly, a
newspaper correspondent, is back from
hester, where Sheriff White knocked
him down and ordered him ; out of town.
Another correspondent was tired on and
I ordered out of town.
An outbreak Is expected at any time In
I the feud. The county officials charge that
i the newspapers have exaggerated the sit
i uation, and both sides are suspicious of
: strangers, so that the correspondents are
[ promptly spotted and ordered away.
i Green Griffin is still unable to appear for
| trial as a participant In the fighting Mon-
I day, when three riien were killed, 'two
j fatally and five seriously wounded. The
I general engagement last Monday was pre
ceded by an exchange of over fifty shots
' at a church last Sunday, and it is feared
•' that there will be trouble at the Phllpot
j church on Sunday if the fighting factions
■ do hot get together before that time.
o
SAVED BY A FLOOD.
j Current. of Water Carries Miners Out
of an Inundated Shaft.
j TUCSON, Ariz., July 21.— A cloudburst
i occurred in the Silver Bell district yester
| day directly over the Old Boot mine.
; Fifteen miners made their escape by the
: force of the flood entering the airshaft
flooding the mine and carrying them out
i of the main working shaft without a sin
| gle injury.
Drowning of a Shepherd.
TULARE, July Sheepherder Martin
inda, who has relatives at Fresno and
San Lucas, was drowned to-day at Hoo
ver's bathing place.
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CAUL, SATURDAY. JULY 22, 1899.
FIVE BAD
MEN LYNCHED
BY A MOB
Offending Sicilians Are Put
to Death in a Cattle
Slaughtering Pen.
TRY TO KILL DOCTOR
— « —
Shooting Affray at Tallulah, La.,
Followed by Prompt Action by
Enraged Citizens.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
TALLULAH, La., July 21.— For many
weeks a lot of goats, belonging to Frank
Defatta have been sleeping and run
ning on the gallery of Dr. J. Ford
Hodge's office and residence. The doc
tor on numerous occasions requested
the owner to keep his goats away, but
he would not do it, and on the night of
the 19th Dr. Hodge shot one of the
goats on his gallery. Early on the
morning of the 20th Frank Defatta
came to Hodge's office and protested.
The doctor promptly ordered him to
leave, and he left, mumbling some
thing the doctor did not understand.
About sundown on the evening of the
20th. as .Dr. Hodge and Mr. Kauffman
were passing Joe Defatta's store,
Charles Defatta came out and said,
"You shot my goat," and struck the
doctor. Hodge attempted to repel the
attack by striking back with his fist,
but, finding the Sicilian too much for
him, attempted to get at his pistol. Joe
Defatta, who was at the door, leveled
a double-barreled shotgun and fired
two shots at the doctor, striking him in
the hands and abdomen.
Immediately at the crack of the gun
Frank Defatta, Sy Deberrocn and John
i Cereno*. who were in another store on
Front street kept by Frank Defatta,
I started on a run to Joe's store, with
j shotguns and long knives in their
i hands. Court was in session and a
! large crowd of country people were in
town. With the Sheriff and his depu
! ties they joined in the chase and sue- :
ceeded in arresting and disarming
Frank Defatta, Sy Deberroch and John
Cereno after a hard struggle. John
Cereno made a lunge at one of the :
i crowd with one of his long knives and
was promptly knocked down by a by- ,
: stander. . I
Immediately the Sheriff with his
posse went to the house where Charles
and Joe Defatta were barricaded, sur
rounded the square, and, after batter-
I ing down the doors of the house, suc
ceeded in taking Charles Defatta. Not
finding Joe In there the crowd began
a search of the premises, going thence
! to the large dwelling immediately be
hind the shop, which was owned by the :
Defattas There they found Joe hid- .
den under the chimney. He was
promptly taken "out and the Sheriff
started to the jail with Charles and j
i Joe. ~
When he got to the Courthouse
! square a crowd of about 250 citizens
! overpowered the Sheriff, and after a se-
I vere struggle took Joe and Charles De
fatta .'.own in the field to the slaughter
: pen and hung them to the gallows used
j for slaughtering beeves.
Joe denied the shooting and accused
! Charles. Charles in turn accused his
brother, but said Frank Defatta and Sy
Deberroch were the cause of the
trouble.
The crowd then adjourned to the Jail,
overpowered the jailer and deputies,
took the keys, went in and brought out
Sy Deberroch, Frank Defatta and John
Cereno and hanged them to an oak tree
in the jail yard. Not a shot was fired
and the crowd was quiet, but very de-
I termin d.
A good many citizens pleaded for the
lives of the Sicilians, but without avail,
as the people were much wrought up,
this gang being charged with a num
ber of outrages that have recently oc
curred In the neighborhood. About
three years ago, Frank Defatta shot
and killed a negro for picking up a
; watermelon which Frank had for sale,
and about a year ago Joe Defatta shot
' and killed Pat Matthews, landing
keeper at Milliken's Bend. La., as he
was passing his store. This murder
'< was due to .'i trivial quarrel the two
1 men had about some freight, and De
fatta was cleared by some technicality
of the law. The Sicilians had frequent
ly boasted that they would do as they
pleased and their money would clear
them. The people believe the five had
i planned to kill Dr. Hodge. After the
shooting. Joe Defatta's gun was found
on the counter, with a box of shells by
it.
Dr. J. Ford Hodge is a prominent
physician and is parish Coroner. He ;
moved to this place from Calhoun
about two years ago. He is badly
wounded, and the doctors say he can
not recover.
The five Sicilians were burled to-day
near Tallulah. The Grand Jury Is in
session and will investigate the affair. j
LEAVES TO CHARITY
MONEY WON AT FARO
Will of Benjamin D. Maxham, an j
Early-Day Gambler in the
Golden West.
NEW YORK, July 21.—A special to the
Herald from Vlneland, N. J., says: The
will of the late Benjamin O. Maxham.
millionaire philanthropist, church worker '
j and retired faro gambler from the West,
i was admitted to probate here to-day.
Mr. Maxham left $100,000 to the New
' Jersey Training School for Feeble-Minded
Children at Vlneland, of which he was one
of the founders and directors. The money- |
Is not to be paid, however, until the death i
iof his wife, who is 86 years old. She is to \
j have an interest in it during her life tim».
The residue of Mr. Maxham's fortune,
nearly all of which he frankly admitted
having won at faro banking in Virginia
City and San Francisco during the days
lof the gold fever, goes to his brother,
Daniel S. Maxham, and to the bitter's
daughters. Lucy M. Atwood and Belle D.
i Roe of Strawberry Point, lowa,
ABSORPTION OF THE BONES.
Peculiar Disease Causes the Death of
a New York Woman.
NEW YORK. July 21.—Miss Mary Fo
! garty, 51 years old. of 238 West Sixtieth
street, diod in "Believue Hospital at 2 j
o'clock this afternon from a rare affliction i
i called acromegaly. This was the first case
of the kind ever recorded in Believue. The
I disease Is an abnormal enlargement and :
I absorption of the bones and tissues so ;
I that the sufferer is barely recognizable. !
( Doctors will make an effort to secure her
; body.
Woodland Soldiers Coming Home." j
WOODI>AND, July 2L— About a year
ago Battery A, Third Artillery, was sent
•to St. Michael, Alaska. Several Wood
lajid boys were members of the battery.
I From a private letter written by Deck
i I.yford to his father it is learned that the
' battery was discharged on July 3. Mern
j bers were allowed $116 travel money. The
! transportation companies Immediately
put up prices, but the boys will not re
turn to California until August, at which
i time they expect. to get transportation for
I $30 each, which is one-half the present
i rate-
NO FRIENDS
FOR OTIS AMONG
THE VOLUNTEERS
He Is Always Too Late to
Meet an Emergency,
the Men Say.
Answers "Round Robin" of Cor
respondents and Wants to
Raise a Cavalry Regiment.
NOT a soldier who came back on; the transport Indiana, which
reached this port to-day, has a good word to say for General
Otis. The consensus of opinion is that the man is not fitted for
the place and that had General Miles or any other able general
been in the Philippines the war would have been over long ago.
"General Otis thinks he can do everything better than anybody
else, and in consequence he makes a mess of everything," said one of the
men yesterday. "He will not allow a subordinate to do anything, not
even make a copy of his dispatches. The result is that he is doing
some little clerical work when he ought to be engaged in urgent busi
ness. Then when he gets around to the urgent work it is too late. It
is always too late with Otis, and in consequence money and men are
being wasted through his bungling."
CALL HEADQUARTERS,
WELLINGTON HOTEL,
WASHINGTON, July 21.—
It is learned to-day that
Major General Otis had
cabled to the War Department
a recommendation that he be al
lowed to organize a skeleton cav
alry regiment in the Philippines,
to be filled by recruits from the
United States. Upon his recom
mendation Captain James Lock
ett of the Fourth Cavalry will be
selected to command the new
regiment, which will be desig
nated as the Eleventh Volunteer
C*_ v___r_f
Colonel Thomas Ward, assist
ant adjutant general, told me he
had at the Presidio of San Fran
cisco all the men required to in
crease the enlisted strength of
the eight troops of the Third
Cavalry to be sent to the Phil
ippines to 120 men each. The
troops to go are A, C, D, E, I ■
X, L and M. Troops B, G, H and
I will be collected at Fort Myer,
which will be the home station
for the regiment of cavalrymen
who will be at General Otis' dis
posal when the dry season opens.
The War Department has is
sued a statement, quoting certain
dispatches from General Otis, in
answer to the press' correspond
ents' "round robin."
The text of the statement is as .fol
low* • "General Otis, in a dispatch un
der date of July 20, says that the press
correspondents demand permission to
cable that official reports sent misrep
resented conditions. This was denied.
They then demanded the privilege to
send without reservation, facts ascer
tained by them and their opinions.
This wars granted, if the public inter
ests were not imperiled. This answer
was not satisfactory and the corre
: spondents therefore sent by mail to
: Hongkong. General Otis says he is not
conscious of sending misrepresenta
tions, but thinks that his dispatches at
! times have been to conservative. The
I press affair appeared to be a threat.
When the correspondents were asked
jto state wherein General Otis' dis
' patches were misleading they offered
j nothing tangible except that his con
clusions were unwarranted.. When
I told that they were disregarding mili
tary authority, it was apparent that
j they courted martyrdom, which it was
unwise to give them." _
In a later dispatch General Otis says
i that the charges made by the press
i correspondents are untrue. He adds
that the most harmonious relations ex
ist between the army and the navy.
He gives the following extract from a
letter just received from a leading Fili
pino at Tarlac. which is the center of
the main insurgent army:
"For some days I have been trying
ito leave this band of thieves. Am
watched so closely it is impossible to
< leave. A great many of the people
1 here long for the American troops to
advance, for every one Is desperate
: with so much savagery committed by
I Aguinaldo's army."
Captain Barker of the navy, who
succeeded" Admiral Dewey in command
of the fleet, in sending the report of the
commander of the Yorktown to the
Nay Department, makes this indorse
ment: "I am pleased to note the cor
dial co-operation of the army and
navy."
As bearing upon the statement that
■ the operations of the navy had been
minimized, it may be stated that Gen-
I eral Otis has repeate recognized the
work of the navy, as for example in his
dispatch of June 15 last, in which he
says: "The navy aided greatly on' the
shore of the bay. landing forces occa
sionally," and again, urrder date of
I July 9, "the army and the navy are in
; hearty accord and the best of feeling
i prevails."
The following additional appoint
! ments to the volunteer army are an-
I nounced: .;
To be captains— James M. Burroughs,
: formerly first lieutenant and adjutant,
First Texas Cavalry: Godfrey R. Fow
ler, captain. Company G, Third Texas;
Frank L. French, captain. Third .Wis
consin; Charles L. Green, captain, Sec
ond Wisconsin; John A. Hulen, lieu
tenant colonel. First Texas Cavalry;
Christopher J. Rollls, captain, Fourth
Wisconsin; Frank A. Sullivan, first
i lieutenant, First Wisconsin; ■ Clark
M. Carr, major and assistant pay
; master. United States Volunteers;
; — Castoel, colonel, West Virginia;
Robert Calverty, major, Second United
States Volunteer. Cavalry; Charles
|G. McGhee, Captain. Third Missis
sippi; Charles P. Newberry, captain
Fourth United States Volunteers; F. D.
Newberry, captain. Thirty-second
Michigan; G. G. Scranton. captain,
' Thirty-fifth Michigan: H. C. Barnes,
| captain. First Tennessee; Harry Chad
■ wick, battalion sergeant major. First
Ohio; Leonard Deitrick. flrst lieutenant.
i Second United States Volunteer Cav
alry; R. P. Granger, captain. Thirty
| first Michigan; Bert McMillan, New
j York Volunteers; John H. Mcßrlde Jr.,
! lieutenant. Thirty-second Michigan; A.
; E. McCabe, captain, Thirty-fifth.Mich
j igan; Daniel Wells, private, First New
! York. .1
i To be first lieutenants— William S.
Cunningham, first lieutenant, Fourth
Texas; John V. Green, private. Second
Wisconsin; Charles J. Ceishbush, cap
tain, Fourth Wisconsin; George E. Gib
son, captain, Fifteenth Minnesota; Jesse
L. Hall, captain, Company M, United
States Volunteer Infantry; William
Lowe, private, First District of Colum
bia; Alfred S. Morgan, captain, Thir
teenth Minnesota; Henry Newton, cap-;
tain, Third Wisconsin; Cushman A. I
Rice, first lieutenant. Fifteenth, Minne
sota; Arthur B. Schaefer, first lieuten
ant, Twenty-second Kansas; Dean
Tompkins, first lieutenant and quarter
master. First United States Volunteer
Infantry; John W. Ward, first lieuten
ant, First Arkansas; George Will Rich,
captain, First Texas; Thaddeus Wild,
lieutenant, First Wisconsin.
To be second lieutenants ßobert W.
Collins, first lieutenant in Colonel
Ray's regiment, now private in Nine
teenth United States Infantry; David
McGregg Jr., private, Governor's troop,
Pennsylvania Cavalry; George H. Ar
mitage, sergeant, Fifth Iowa; R. E.
Gulick, corporal, First Ohio; A. Ken
nett, United States Volunteer signal ;
corps.
HEAVY RAINS PREVENT
MILITARY ADVANCES
MANILA. July 21.— The unprecedented
rains of the last week have convinced ob
servers here that military operations on
a large scale or advances covering many
miles will be Impossible for a long time.
Many miles of the country are flooded to
a depth of three or four feet. The Para
naque bridge, which was considered im
pregnable, has been swept away, cutting
off temporarily the garrisons of "imus and
Bacoor from communication with Manila,
In the circumstances it. would be impossi
ble to move wagon trains, as the trails
have become doubtful. Pack mules will be
utilized if it should be Impossible for sol
diers to make marches. The officials will
have their hands full for some time in ar
ranging to,- the departure of volunteers
and in settling the regulars who are re
placing them.
GENERAL ANDERSON SAYS
* HE WAS MISQUOTED
CINCINNATI, July 21. -General T. M.
Anderson, commanding the Department
of the Lakes, who was quoted yesterday
as saying if he had not been held back
he would have finished the Filipino war
with his own division, stated that he had
been misquoted. General Anderson made
the following statement:
"I said that my division or Lawton's
could have defeated the organized forces
but no one could tell how long predatory
warfare would last. I said that a division
commander, whose business it was to
fight, did not take the same view as a
governor general, restrained by political
and diplomatic considerations. The term
politics was not used in a party sense."
BLAMES OFFICIALS FOR
HER HUSBAND'S DEATH
Mrs. Berrill Files ah Affidavit With
the Commission in
Lunacy.
SACRAMENTO, July 21.-The widow of
C. L. Berrill, a San Franciscan, who com
mitted suicide at the Stockton Insane Asy
lum in April, to-day filed with the State
Commission In Lunacy an affidavit in
which she charges that her husband was
"railroaded" to the asylum and that the
San Francisco Insanity Commissioners
were responsible for his death In that they
did not order that proper precautions be
taken to prevent his suicide.
Berrill was employed in Wells, Fargo &
Co.'s Bank in Frultvale. He became sud
denly insane on April 28, and was taken
to the San Francisco Receiving Hospital
While crossing the bay he attempted to
jump overboard. The following day he
was examined by the Insanity Commis
sioners and ordered committed to the hos
pital at Stockton. Mrs. Berrill claims she
was notified of the examination too late
to enable her to attend, and she charges
that because of the haste ln committing
her husband no evidence regarding his
suicidal mania was brought out. The San
Francisco officials explain that their haste
was due to the fact that the following day
was Sunday and the next day Dewey day
and that lf Berrill had not been sent at
once he would have had to remain forty
eight hours in a place where there was
not adequate protection.
VALLEY ROAD EXTENSION.
First Rails Will Be Put Down Within
a Week.
STOCKTON, July 21.-H. E. Barber,
who has the contract for the Santa Fe
roadbed through Antioch, reports splen
did progress. He is authority for the
statement that the rails will soon be go
ing down on Point Richmond extension
Barber said to-day:
"I believe the first rails and ties will
be set some time next week. According
to my information, the start will be made
at Antioch and work will progress both
ways— toward, this city and toward the
bay. As soon as the road is ready one
of the engines will be taken over the
Southern Pacific tracks to Antioch and
switched onto the Valley road and con
struction will begin in earnest. Work will
progress in this direction the faster, I be
lieve, as the railroad needs a great deal
of earth for tills and will want to get
out on the plains where the steam shovel
may be used to advantage."
Mrs. Lederer Reeoverin_r.
WOODLAND, July 21.—Notwithstand
ing Mrs. Lederer's age and the number
and horrible character of her wounds the
Indications of improvement are both sur
prising and gratifying .to the attending
physician. She rested well last nght, her
pulse and appetite are good, to-day; she
has no fever and there has been no sup
puration or inflammation of the wounds.
Her recovery now seems almost certain.
Lederer knows this, but continues to
maintain a stoical indifference and
silence.
;;* . - ADVERTISEMENTS. __-„-—- —
- 7 M.LS.T.- 2
Box Sent FREE to All Sufferers.
Ms\*s''. Al* \ lSi* -P. fj_i Jbißß _L_K« iy__iu___W
w '''-'-•'^SSS^^^^^^^' r E_ _J__Efe-^ ''¥^' _S_r_h
GREATEST NERVE AND BLOOD TONIC.
THE ONLY CURE FOR RHEUMATISM.
The most powerful INVIGORANT ever produced. Permanently re-
stores mental and physical strength to those weakened by early indis-
cretion. Imparts Youthful Vigor, Restores Vitality, Strengthens and
Invigorates the Brain and Nerves; a positive cure for all forms of
Nervous Debillty-PROM SAFE and SURE.
Infallible cure for Old and Chronic Cases of Rheumatism, Gout,
Inflammation of the Bladder, Enlargement of the Prostate Gland,
Stricture, Varicocele, Bad Cases of Erysipelas, Cancer, Syphilis and
Venereal Dlseases-ABSOLUTELY INFALLIBLE-SURE CURE.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE IW. I. S. T. WILL CURE.
Will cure Rheumatism, no matter how long standing. •
Will cure any case of Inflammation of the Bladder or Enlarged state Gland, no matter
If the patients have been for years forced to use a catheter. WILL <I RE S\PlilLla *_
ANT STAGE. WILL CURE ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
Will cure all cases of Impotency that can be cured, and permanently restore youthful vigor
and vitality. It is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting.
Six bottles of M. I. S. T. No. 2 will cure any case of Stricture without local treatment.
Six boxes of M. I. S. T. No. 2 Will cure any case of Varicocele.
Will cure and remove entirely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
In addition to the above, M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxia, Spinal Trouble and apparently Incurable diseases of the nerves.
M I §■ T has been on the market Tor over 20 years, and has cured thousands of surrererm.
It ls prescribed by leading physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and abso-
lutely safe. It never Increases or diminishes the action of the heart.
_______________ If **° v ** re suffering from any
-«BB—B "__™ ■ ,,,,,,* ^_k -^B— am -sj-s__--—_a_s» chronic disease you are urged to
1 TJ _? _ write us, no matter how many doc-
X mi— ■__ 9______pT E_____3 Est—..- j_ tors or kinds of medicines you have
P*****"-^ '-^Jj-T' B^^l I 1 tried without rell"'. WK Gt'ARAN-
■ H J H! J TKK TO CVRE YOU. The.t you
__. JUL _______«_r _____o_B_B___ r may judge of the value of the Great
Specific for yourself, we will send
you one large case by mall FREE,
only asking that when cured yourself you will recommend it to others. Write confidentially
to our medical department, giving symptons.
Address M. I. S. T. Co., Cor, Adams and Huron Streets, Toledo. 0.
PROJECTILES FOR
MODERN-WARFARE
Points Agreed Upon by
Peace Conference.
— * —
DEFENSE OF THE DUMDUMS
— ♦ —
SOMETHING WORSE WOULD FOL
LOW THEIR PROHIBITION.
.
Captain Crozier Makes a Proposal in
the Interests of Humanity, but
It Is Rejected by a Vote
of 17 to 8.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE HAGUE, July 21.— Baron de Staal
presided at the plenary session of the
International Peace Conference to-day to
place the final seal upon the labors of the
first committee. The first point of M.
Karnebeck's report, dealing with prohi
bition of dropping explosives from bal
loons, was unanimously agreed to.
i The second point, prohibiting the use of
asphyxiating projectiles, was agreed to
by all except the "United States and Great
Britain, whose abstination nullifies the
agreement of the others.
The third point, which relates to ex
panding bullets, occupied the major part
| of the sitting, owing to the question of
dumdum bullets used by the British
j army. Sir Julian Pauncefote expressed
! regret that the plenary session had been
|so suddenly summoned, as the British
I Government had Intended to make a
' statement regarding the dumdum bullet.
; The "conference agreed to leave the mml
l utes of the session open for the Insertion
■ of the British statement.
Andrew D. White, the head of the
''■ United States delegation, then made an
important speech in opposition to the pro
' hibition of such bullets as the dumdum.
Mr. White's argument made a great im
: pression upon the delegates, and especial
ly when he explained that the adoption
I of the proposal as submitted would not
\ prevent the use of another bullet which
! had already been Invented and which
1 would attain the same end as the dum
! dum but in a more cruel manner. The
new 'missile, Mr. White said, was outside
the specific definitions of the present pro
captain Crosier, the military member
of the United States delegation, proposed
as a substitute the following: The use of
i bullets should be prohibited which inflict
i unnecessarily cruel wounds, such as ex
plosive bullets and in general every kind
i of bullet exceeding ..the limits necessary
! to put a man immediately hors de com-
A* long discussion ensued as to whether
a vote should be taken upon the original
proposal or that of Captain Crozier. The
latter was finally chosen to be voted on.
Sir Julian Pauncefote announced that he
would accept Captain Crozier's proposal,
but it was rejected by a vote of 17 to 8.
M Van Karnebeck's version was then
adopted Great Britain and the United
; States alone voting against it. and the
: Portuguese delegates abstaining from
voting The eight countries voting for
Captain Crozier's proposal were the
United States. Great Britain, Denmark,
Greece, Portugal, Persia, China and an
other. All except the first two named
I supported the Crozier proposal only in the
! hope of securing unanimity in the con
! ference. Captain Crozier's proposal being
more general In Its terms, while it was
i known that the impossibility of obtaining
the adhesion of the United States and
! Great Britain for M. Van Karnebeck's
i version would render futile any conven
i tion on the subject
The remainder of the report was then
I adopted. I ;" . •"
Before the close of the sitting the
| American delegates announced that
I they withdrew the articles which they
had proposed should be added to the
Geneva Convention, Captain Mahan ex
plaining the reason for the additional
articles and why they were withdrawn.
The labors of the conference are now
concluded, with the exception of the work
before the arbitration committee.
ASSESSMENTS ON YOLO
REAL ESTATE RAISED
Banks of the County Will Fight r._
Attempt to Tax First Mort
gage Bonds.
WOODLAND, July 21.— At the flrst
meeting of the County Board of Equali
zation it was intimated that there would
be reductions in the assessed* valuation
of the farming lands of the county, ag
gregating more than a million of dollars.
The board adjourned sine die on Thurs
day night. The result of its labors fur
nished a genuine surprise. Instead of
there being a material reduction, the roll
has been largely increased and the bulk
of the increase has been made on the
lowlands along the Sacramento River, 're
clamation districts and swamp land sur
veys. The increased assessment on real
property and improvements aggregates
$221,564. The decreases aggregate $18,243.
leaving a net Increase of $203,319. This
big increase in the assessment of real es
tate is due in a great measure to the ex
penditure of less than $50,000 in river im
provement' from the river at Elkhorn
ranch to the jetty system at Newtown
shoals. "i
The assessment on telephone line, boxes,
etc., was increased from $15,000 to $46,
--653.
Another big Increase was made which
raises a point that is new in this State
and the legality of the assessment will
be judicially determined. The Bank of
Woodland is the owner of first mortgage
bonds of California corporations valued
at $30,000; bonds of municipal corporations
of the State valued at l.'tt.OOO; bonds Is
sued by railroads and btner corporations
In other States valued at $121,000. Under
protest, the cashier testified that the cor
poration owned these bonds, but declare.!
they were not subject to taxation In Cali
fornia because they were not now and
had not been in this State. The District
Attorney advised the board that the
bonds were liable for assessment, and the
Assessor was ordered to list them to the
bank. An effort was made to levy an
assessment on the bonds for I*9B, but as
the Assessor has already turned the roll
over to the Auditor he has lost his right
to make the double assessment. The
bank will pay the tax under protest and
sue to recover.
DETERMINED TO DIE.
WOODLAND. July 21.— A Davisville
special to the Democrat says: Simon
! Wermmer, a German cook employed on
; the farm of Fred Wilger, east of this
I "place, made an ineffectual effort this
I morning to commit suicide. He took a
big draught of carbolic acid and was dis
covered in great agony, but before the
deadly poison did Its work effectually. He
was hurried to Davisville, where prompt
medical aid saved his life.
After Wermmer had recovered from
the effects of the poison he told the phy
sician that this was his fourth attempt
,to commit suicide. He is about 50 years
of age. and has been in the employ of
I Mr. Wilger two months. Prior to that
time he was in the employ of John Henle
for a year. He was inclined to be reticent
.boat his troubles, but it is known that
: domestic infelicities are responsible, for
'. his frequent and persistent efforts to end
his life. 'tf-.:tf^.'':tf
Colored Desperado l_anged.
MUSKOGEE. I: T.. July George
Curley (colored) was hanged here to-day
for the killing of Dick Carr. a white man
in September, 1897. He confessed the crime'
and died "game." The evidence of his'
guilt was of a circumstantial nature, but
overwhelming and convincing. He mur
dered his victim in cold blood for a few
paltry dollars which Carr had derived
from the sale of a load of cotton in Mus
kogee a few hours previous. To his death
watch Curley confessed the murder of
several other persons, and he was consid
ered a desperate criminal.
Discharged and Rearrested.
GILROY. July 21.— Charles A. Benn«tt of
San Francisco, charged with having ob
tained cheese from A. Braeme by false
representations, was examined In Judge
Willey s court to-day. The case was dis
missed. He was rearrested on a similar
charge from Oakland. rTHE CARNIVAL
CONTINUES TO
DRAW CROWDS
Thousands at the Big
Cakewalk.
— • —
PRIZE MEDALS ARE AWARDED
— • —
■ . ■-*.-."."
THREE LITTLE COUPLES SE
LECTED BY THE JUDGES.
*
Professional Contest Results in a Tie
and "Will Be Walked Off To
—Neat Sum for
Soldier Boy Fund.
Standing room only was the condition
that prevailed at Mechanics' Pavilion last
night. The vast audience that thronged
the great building tilled every one of the
thousands of seats and again gave con
clusive proof of the fact that the cake
walk carnival is an unqualified success.
It was by far the largest of all the large
audiences that have assembled to watch
the army of professionals and amateurs
exhibit their talents. Additional interest
was given the affair last night by reason
of the fact that the professional cham
pionship was to be decided and the juve
nile cakewalkers were to compete for
medals. The contests wore highly excit
ing, for all the contestants had hundreds
of admirers in the audience, who shouted
and .cheered them from the moment
they appeared on the floor until they re
tired. The little folks were especially fa
vored In. this respect, and their graceful
maneuvers were, applauded to the echo.
The judges were Dr. Cline Force of Stock
ton, ■' D. Mullaney of San Mateo and Dr.
Metcalf of San Francisco. Their task
was by no means an easy on*?; and they
finally made a report which was In the
nature of a promts in the case of the
juveniles, and provides that the two lead
ing couples in the professional contest
shall walk again to-night.
Of the juvenile." the judges decided,
after long ration, that the first prize
should be given to Harry Mangels and
Etta Aronson, but recommended that a
special second prize be awarded to Blanch
Trelease and Gladys Montague. Manager
Buckley announced that duplicate, gold
medals"would be presented to each couple.
A special prize was also awarded little
Frankie Buttnar of Oakland and Mar
guerite Cronin as the youngest cakewalk
ers in America, and the award was en
thusiastically applauded. Johnnie Man
gels and Cora Davis were picked out for
specia! mention, as were Fred Ke.ene and
Irene Wilson for graceful dancing.
In the professionals the judges were un
able to decide between .1. Walker Cole
and Miss Georgie Brown, and T. Mc-
Mahan and Miss Annie Kelly, and these
two couples will walk again to-night,
after which the winners will walk against
John and Martha Steward, the colored
champions of the Pacific Coast.
The special medal contest between J.
Walker Cole and Miss Pearl Hickman and
Ous Tate and Miss Pearl Landers did not
take place. Tate and his partner were
I suffering with an tack of cold feet and
failed to appear. Walker and Miss Hick
man gave an exhibition; however, that
was a revelation to the cakewalk critics
in the audience and was warmly recefved.
The big carnival will close to-night.
when, in addition to the final in the above
mentioned contests, there will be a walk
around and buck and wing contests, open
to all. ar.d a grand parade of the winners
as a finale. The amateur and society cake,
walk contests which were to have taken
place last night will also be decided to
night. At the matinee in the afternoon
the gigantic cake, which has been ime of
ti!-- attractive features of the carnival,
wili be cut up and distributed among the
audience. The carnival ha? been an un
qualified success and a round sum will De
netted for the California soldier boy fund.
ARRANGEMENTS PERFECTED
FOR HANDLING THE BIG
SANTA CRUZ EXCURSION
Sink Near Alameda Easily Repaired.
No Further Delay in Trains.
Colonel Menton, Excursion Passen
ger Agent. Southern Pacific Company,
reports that ail arrangements for the
successful handling of the Santa Cruz
excursion which takes place next Sun
day have been perfected and ample ac
commodations have been secured. In
other words, seats for all will be pro
vided. The weather conditions continue
mo§t favorable, and as this will prob
ably be the last $2 excursion of the sea -
son to Santa Cruz, those who have
never visited this Ightful resort place
should not iose this opportunity. The
sink rear Alameda is a thing of the
past, and trains are now running on
■
Tickets are now on sale and going
like hot cakes at the Grand Hotel
ticket office. 613 Market Street.
Excursionists will take the 7:45 a- m.
boat at the narrow-gauge ferry land
ing, foot of Market street, and will
have five hours for recreation at the
seaside. Returning, they will arrive at
San Francisco at 8:05 p. m.
.Ladies' Institute.
Young*
The following nam"! officers of Young La-
die.-' Institute have been installed by District
Deputy Mrs. J. P. Sweeney f.,r the current
WHEATLAND GIRL WILL
RIDE FOR THE CZAR
c— ____\ROM the farm to the vaude-
L___. ville stage about covers the
brilliant career of Madeline
Jl Kirpalric.k. trick bicyclist, now
playing an engagement at the
Orpheum Theater.
Miss Kilpatrick is a California girl,
born and bred on a Wheatland farm,
and it is on. account of a burning de
sire to once again • . ... her eyes on
her native heath that the country girl
is ridine her wheel to the delight of
local theatergoers.
Many of the best people in this city
ciaim acquaintance with the Yuba
County maid, but the fact that she
was riding a wheel for the amusement
of the public and monetary benefit to
herself was a great surprise to them.
The fact of the matter is. Miss Kil
patrick is hardly less surprised than
her .frier.dr. She .id not seek stage
life; it was forced upon her, and the
results have been so satisfying that
she has decided to stay with It.
*'It whs this way." she said. "I went
to the World's Fair and for the first
time saw ladies riding the bicycle. I
was always very fond of all kinds of
sports, and decided to try the wheel.
Soon plain r-.ling was not venturesome
er.ou-;h for my daring California blood
and 1 Started in to do some trick rid-
Ing. My ability to handle the bicycle
soon came to the ears of the well-
known firm, and they built me a
wheel and asked me to give an exhlbl-
ball.
From the first I was a success. Shortly after the music halls made me an
offer. I accepted and have been with It eyer since." *-•',tf.'-:V
--* The California girl and her wheel have traveled the world over. She has
given exhibitions in London, Paris and Berlin. After her engagement at the
Orpheum she expects to take one last long peek at Wheatland and then leave
for Russia, where she Is engaged to ride before the Czar.
_._-,_._*!_._« __.._. _. __ .. . ~ - _ •-.*.•-».*_ -'.•, •fjA *3 ■**.••_ v*. rt •■: a»:awa« h_M!
BURLINGAME COUNTRY CLUBMEN DISCUSS THE
PROPOSED REMARKABLE SPORTING MATCH
POSSIBILITIES OF THE RACE FROM BURLINGAME.
rrVIE members of Burlingame Country Club are discussing the remarkable sporting match, which grew out of a
THE members of the relative ability of the members as cross country riders. The agreement, as outlined by
discussion over the relative ability of the members as cross country riders. The agreement, as outlined by
those taking part in the discussion, was that each should enter four animals, the number to include a
I mule or some draft horse not usually ridden under saddle. Lots were to be drawn for these, each person
riding taking his chances as to the quality of th* steeds. There were to be four relays of five miles each, the
start being at Burlingame and the finish at the Palace Hotel, in this city. The race, which is one of the most novel
ever arranged in America, has already attracted wide attention and when run the entire city will turn out'to.wit
ness the finish The artist has transferred to paper his Ideas as to the incidents and accidents which might befall
the horsemen. , , ,
term: May Stein, past president: Nana Ma
hnnev prudent; Katie Buckley and Margaret
Rooney, vice presidents: Kittle Burke. record
ing secretary; Celia Young, financial secre
tary; Hannah Fitzpatrick. treasurer: Nelli-
Horgan. marshal: .lulia Fitzpatrick. inside
sentinel- May Stein. Margaret M '-ran and
Kmma Lewis, trusfes. After the Installation
a collation and light r^n-fd'-nents ' VPrP served
and then followed dancing and a cakewalk.
WATER AND DITCH RIGHTS.
Los Angeles Loses Its Case Against
Pomefoy and Hooker.
The Supreme Court has reversed the
decision of the lower court in the case of
the city of Eos Angeles against A. K.
Pomeroy and. J. D. Hooker. It was an
action to enjoin the defendants from di
verting water from a certain ditch, from
which the city has been drawing a por
tion of its water supply. The dam and
ditch are on property owned by Pomeroy
and Hooker. In 1843 a Mexican grant was
given to ope of the Mexican settlers to
divert a part of tie water of the Eos An
geles River Into a ditch. The water
rights passed down to the city and the
ownership of the land to the defendants.
In 1893 an agreement between the parties
in interest terminated, and the city ceas
ing to pay for the use of the water di
version; the defendants turned tin- stream,
after using what they required, back into
the natural channel of the river.
Then it was that the injunction pro
ceedings were begun, and in the lower
court the city won. The higher court,
however, takes a different view of the
equity and law of the matter, holding that
while" the city and all below the property
owned by the defendants have riparian
rights the city cannot fore,. Pomeroy and
Hooker to allow the water-to run in their
ditch over their land. While the city has
a right to the water, it has no right to the
use of the land. The cause was remanded.
Two pages of halftones of the returning
Oregon soldiers in to-day's News Letter;
also, beautiful colored picture of park
scenery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 22, 1899.
REAL ESTATE
MARKET SHOWS
IMPROVEMENT
Brokers Expect Early
Revival.
— , —
ONE BIG SALE IS REPORTED
■
— ♦ —
T. J. REAGAN PURCHASES DOWN
TOWN PROPERTY.
•
Loan of Nearly One Hundred Thou
sand Dollars Is Made by the
Whitcomb Estate at
Six Per Cent.
THE midsummer quiet and dullness
of the realty market was 'broken
d"uring thje past week by the sale
of property on the southeast cor
ner of O'Farreli and Powell streets
to T. J. Reegan for $63,500. This is the
same property recently purchased by M.
A. Gunst for $35,500 from the Donald C.
Mcßauer estate. It has a frontage of
eighty feet on Powell street and twenty
five feet on. O'Farreil and Is occupied by
a two-story building:. The sale was made
through A. M. Speck & Co.
While this is the largest real estate
transaction reported for several weeks me
past week shows a slight improvement
over preceding weeks, several fairly good
Bales being put through, Including one by
A. M Speck & Co., who sold the old hotel
property on Turk street near Market for
W. O. Watson to A. W. Demlng. The lot
is j54:4"__137:6, occupied by a number of
frame buildings, and the price paid is said
i,, '- in the neighborhood of $40,000. The
smaller sales have been quite numerous
and the brokers predict a brisk business
after the close of the summer vacation
period. This feeling is in a large measure
due to the action of the Hibernia Bank
in reducing Its rate of interest on loans
to 6 per cent. Since the notice of the.re
duction was issued 'the bank has loaned
about $30,000 in small amounts and the
Whitcomb estate advanced $95,000 . to
Thomas J. Reagan at the same rate, se
cured by a mortgage on the property at the
corner of Powell and O'Farreil streets.
The following list of sales report-ed dur
ing the. past week or ten days will give
a fair idea of the present condition of the
real estate market:
Thomas Magee & Sons report the sale
of the lot and improvements on the-north
erlv line of Broadway. 95 feet west of
Fillmore, 32:6x127:6 at $225 per foot; un
improved lot on the east side of Polk
street, between Washington and Clay,
25x127:6, for $5500; lot on the east side of
Masonic avenue, between Waller and
Frederick streets. 27:6x60. for $1075. Henry
E. Holmes has purchased the property on
the northwest line of Folsom street, **76
feet southwest of Third, for $12,850.
Mary Junken has purchased of Herman
Murphy, Sylvaln Schnaittacher and oth
ers the lot 25x120 on the south side of
McAllister street, 30 feet east of Buch
anan, for $5100. tftf. tftf tfy'tftf
Willard V. Huntington has purchased
of the estate of Clara Wilson the prop
erty on the southwest corner of Twenty
third avenue and A street, lot 600x110, for
$11,120. <-miim , _ - „
Henry Babcock has bolight of L. H.
Sly the lot 50x112:6 on the southeast cor
ner of Vallejo and Scott streets. The
purchase price was about $10,000.
William Smith has- purchased of J. D.
Spreckels & Bros. Company property on
the east line of Dolores street, 122 feet
south of Homer. 30:6x117:6, and also a lot
on the east line of Dolores street. 15<:b
feet south of Homer, 30:6x117:6.
Antoine Borel and wife have sold to
Rudolf Sprouete a lot on the east line of
Twelfth avenue. 250 feet south of Lake
street. 25x120 feet in size. *..*;
Property on the south line of Green
street. 183:9 feet west of Powell, lot 22:6
by 137:6 feet, has been sold. Sophie
Petsch was the seller and Maria and Leon
La bat were the buyers.
The southwest corner of Castro and
Fifteenth streets, lot 120x71:9 feet, has re
cently been sold by Henry S. Kahler to
George Plummer.
Nathan T. Smith has bought of Edwin
R. Thompson and wife* the property on
the west line of Folsom street, 100 feet
j south of Twenty-first, lot 40xJ22:6 feet.
The estate of James C. ("ary has sold
to George P. Allen the property on the
northeast corner of Devisadero and Ful
ton streets, lot 62:6x110 feet, for $7900.
Louis P. Drexler and Wife have sold
to Harvey P. Dana the property on the
north line of Howard street. 137:1" feet
west of Main street, 45:10x137:6 feet, and
also property on the northeast line of
Beale street, 137:6 feet northwest of How
ard street, 275x91f8 feet.
Building contracts aggregating 170,582
! were filed for record during the week.
The largest contracts were those of Ed
ward E. Kentfield with F. W. Kern to
build a three-story brick building to be
used as a warehouse on the southwest
line of Beale street, 137:6 feet southeast
of Howard, for $22,890, and with the Vul
can Iron Works for iron and steel work
for the same, to cost $4375. The next
largest contract was that of C. M. Ellis
with H. Jack and others to erect a two
story residence on the northeast corner
of Broadway and Baker street, to cost
; $14,502. Etlenne Messager also contracted
with Daniel Einstein to build a two-story
; finished attic frame dwelling, to contain
flats, on the north line of Fell street,
151:3 feet west of Lyon, to cost $5000.
| Isadore (blazer contracted with Fred C.
! Jones and George Peterson to erect a
three-story basement and attic building
j on the south line of Pine street, 68:6 feet
! east of Powell, to cost $5000. ('lavs Spreck
els also closed contracts with Gladding,
Mcßean & Co. for terra-cotta work, to
cost $4925, and with the California Marble
Company for marble work, to cost $131
for the "new music stand which he has
donated to Golden Gate Park arid whose
total cost will exceed $60,000. Sarah C.
Robbins has contracted with Charles
Koenlg to erect a two-story frame build
, ing, to contain two flats, on the north line
of Rldlev street. 169 feet west of Scott, to
' cost $;"070. The other contracts of th
; week ranged In value from $1247 to $2*25.
Notice has been given the tenants of the
i Montgomery' block that the proposed al
| terations and improvements In the build
i ing will begin within ten days. It is pro-
I posed to modernize the historic old struc
i ture In every possible manner..
A firm of Eastern architects is now en
-1 gaged In preparing plans and estimates
for the proposed theater in the Palace
Hotel. Until their work is completed not
ing further can be said as to the enter
prise.
The plan of Mayor Phelan to erect a
theater building on the corner of Ed<
and Taylor streets is temporarily dropped,
owing to some delay in securing an ab
stract of title to the property.
, Easton. Eldridge &. Co. report the fol
i lowing sales In the past week:
Two flats and cottage 1116 Golden* Gate
1 avenue, near Webster street, lot 27:6 x
137:6, $3600.
Cottage of six rooms and bath, 3325
! Twenty-first street, near Valencia; lot 23x
i 114 feet, for $2100.
Building lot on Haight street, near Brod
i crick, lot 25x120, $1750.
Two flats on Stone street, near Jackson,
| lot 25x60, $1700.
Investment property, stores and fiats on
i Clement street corner, price $7500.
Two lots on Clement street, near Twen
ty-seventh avenue, 35x120. each. $500.
. Front and rear house on Perry street,
near Third, lot 20x80, price $1700.
On August 1 Easton, Eldridge & Co.
! will hold their regular auction, sale. In
: eluding several pieces of choice properties
; ln desirable districts.
VETERAN CORPS, N. G. C.
' It Will Banquet Its Members Who
. Are Returning From Manila.
At the monthly meeting of the Veteran
Corps of the National Guard held last
night it was decided to tender a banquet
to those members of the corps who vol
• unteered during the recent war, went to
' the Philippines and are now on their way
i home. Colonel H. P. Bush. Major George
j W. Reed and Corporal H. Foley were ap
j pointed a committee to make arrange-
I ments and conduct the function.
It is the intention of the committee to
' give the banquet in one of the leading ho
i tels, and to have the guests conveyed from
j the camp In a body to the place selected.
I Fifteen members were reinstated, and
j many guardsmen applied for membership.
TEMBLORS SHAKE
SOUTHERN TOWNS
Two Shocks in Quick
Succession.
— • —
ONE HEAVY, THE OTHER LIGHT
♦ —
BUT LITTXJE DAMAGE DONE TO
BUILDINGS.
♦
Some Glassware and Crockery Are
Broken and the Inmates of
Sky-Scrapers Receive a
Bad Fright.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, July 21.— The
heaviest earthquake ever experienced here
jarred San Bernardino at 4:45 o'clock this
afternoon. Some plate glass was broken,
clocks stopped, ceilings cracked, chimneys
partly thrown down, plastering knocked
from walls and dishes broken. There is a
crack three feet long in the foundation for
the new courthouse. Rumors of the dam
age done at Highland Insane Hospital
reached here, but word was sent that It
was very light. A second shock, but much
lighter, followed the first. , '■' w
BOS ANGELES, July 21.— The occupants
of tall buildings were greatly startled at
about 4:45 o'clock by two sharp earth
quake shocks. The first lasted several
seconds and was the more severe. The
' second was felt about nine minutes later.
| The vibrations were from east to west. No
great damage. was done.
COLTON. July 21.— There was a sharp
i earthquake shock here this afternoon at
I 4:45 o'clock. The vibration was from
i north to south and the shock lasted sev
: eral seconds. Houses swayed and crock
ery rattled. People rushed outdoors and
several men fainted. There was an
other slight shock several minutes after
the flrst.
PASADENA. July 21.— An earthquake
shock was felt in Pasadena this after
non at 4:45 o'clock. The motion was from !
east to west, and was preceded and ac- |
companied by the usual rumbling noise.
Six and one-half minutes later there was
a second and much lighter shock. No
i damage was done. Throughout the day it
' was very hot here and the atmosphere ;
: was charged with electricity.
LONG BEACH, July 21.— Two distinct
shocks of earthquake were experienced
here this afternoon at 4:45. No damage
was done. 
RIVERSIDE, July 21.— Two shocks of
earthquake occurred here to-day. The
first, a sharp one at 4:45, lasted several
seconds* the second, ten minutes later,
was not so heavy. The vibrations were
from east to west. The first shock broke
some glass and stopped clocks.
SAN DIEGO. July 21.— x here was a
; shock of earthquake here this afternoon.
It was so slight that many persons did
not notice it. ; _• 
BARSTOW, July 21.— A slight earth
i quake shock was felt here at 4:30 this
afternoon. No damage was done.
CHRISTIANS OPEN
THEIR CONVENTION
Rev. T. B. Butler Named
for Chairman.
Special Dispatch »■*> The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 21.— The Christian
Church Convention proper opened to-day.
The Endeavorers did not finish all their
business yesterday, but will meet on Mon
day afternoon to revise their constitution.
The prayer-meeting held at 8 o'clock this
morning* was led by Rev. Eli Fisher of
Salinas. At 9 o'eloak the State convention
was called to order by the State president,
Rev. J. H. Hughes of Chico. Rev. T. B.
Butler of Oakland was elected chairman.
Rev. D. A. Russell of Palo Alto secretary
and Ernest Johnson of Woodland assist
ant secretary. Levi McCash of Napa was
appointed railroad secretary.
The convention opened with prayer by
Rev J. J. Morgan of Woodland. The
sermon In the morning was by Rev. Guy
W Smith of Oakland from the text,
"Bear Ye One Another's Burdens." The
following committees were appointed by
the chairman:
Press— Rev. Glenn McWllliams, Saratoga;
Rev It. L. McHatton, Santa Cruz.
Education- Professor H. D. McAneny,
Berkeley; A. M. Elston. Berkeley; W. H. Mar
tin. Fresno; Joseph Lowe, Holllster; T. A.
Boyer, Stockton.
Resolutions Rev. Thomas I>awson, Santa
Clara- Rev. D. A. Russell, Palo Alto; Rev.
J. J. 'Morgan, Woodland; Rev. Wlllhlte. Tv-
Obituary— Rev. J. A. Brown. Wheatland: H.
W Powers" College City; Mark Williams, San
Francisco; J. 8. Pierce, Elk Creek; J. D. Wil
mott, San Jose.
Auditing-J. C. Hodges, Gllroy, J.. W. El
der, Alameda.
1 Nominating-Rev. Guy Smith, Oakland; E.
G Hall San Jose; S. S. Murphy, Red Bluff;
J." Waggoner, Hanford; W. H. Barr, Oakland.
The sermon this evening was preached
by Rev H. H. Sawyer of Watsonville.
The officers of the State board are:
President, Rev. J. H. Hughes. Chico; vice
president, Rev. Thomas Edwards of Gil
roy treasurer, J. H. Lowry, Santa Cruz;
financial secretary. Rev. Guy Smith, Oak
land; recording secretary, Levi McCash.
Napa- and S. M. Jefferson, Berkeley, and
Peter Colvin, Santa Rosa. Among those
In attendance are:
Emma Souders, San Jose; Lois Retha Hall,
San Jose; Krma Bannister. Gllroy; G. W.
Derrlch Mrs. G. W. Dei-rich, Joseph Lowe.
Mrs Burnett, Holllster; A. H. Curtner, En
clnal- Nellie K. Hendricks,* Encinal: Mr. and
Mrs 'c H. Baker, San Jose; Katherine S.
! Wells. Vacaville; Mr. and Mrs. H. N. Bowers.
Mrs M. Shelton, College City: Miss 1- lorence
Hammond, San Jose; <Guy W. Smith, Oak
land- W. H. Martin, Fresno; T. B. Butler,
Oakland; Glenn McWllliams and wife, Sara
tog-i- Mrs M. J. Wilson, Campbells; Levi Mc-
Cash' Napa; Rev. and Mrs. Frank S. Ford.
San Francisco; Jessie Hughes. San- Jose; Cleo
Brown. Santa Cruz; E. G. Hall. Mrs. J. P.
Croosley. Westslde; L. J. Martin. Los Gatos;
Mr and Mrs. ('raigie Sharp, Oakland; J. S.
Pierce Elk Creek; L. B. 'ggins, Marysville;
Walter L. Martin, Vacaville; Mr. and Mrs. Ell
Fisher Salinas: Miss Pearl Bradbury, Sa
linas- 'd W. Bonn. Modesto: Mabel Berry.
Howard S. Mills. San Francisco; Iceland Cut
ler ' Irvington: Eva McHatton. Santa Cruz;
Arthur I*, Curtner. Mrs. A. D. Curtner. Warm
Soring*- Dr. J. A. Durham, Irvington; Mr.
and Mrs A. D. Chance. Fresno: B. B. Bur
ton San' Jose; F. H. Lowell. Fresno; Thomas
Stone Los Gatos; Fannie King, Chico; May
E Kelly Decoto; Emma J. Bowers. Berkeley;
c' It Glass, Edmonton, Canada; Joseph Wagg
oner.' Hanford: Caroline Hood Jr., Santa Rosa;
Dora Mcllatton. Santa Cruz; Mr. and Mrs. M.
I Janes San Jose; K. E. Grlnnell. Tulare;
Mr and Mrs. H. E. Wlllhlte. Tulare; Thomas
V Boyer Stockton; A. M. Elston, Berkeley;
Codve Foster, College City; Annie Casilis,
Blacks; Georgia Cutler, Mary Durham, Irving
ton- D N. MidrJJekauff. Los Banes; Mrs. M.
t.- Holler Los Gates; William Rice. Saratoga;
Mr and Mrs. C. W. Jopson. Gertrude Ford,
__■ Gatos; Mrs. J. A. Kerr. Saratoga; Mrs.
J Vovle. Knights Ferry*. Mrs. R. H. Sum
mers. Bertha Summers, College City; Camllle
Barker Mrs S. O. Barker, Dunnigan; J. M.
Dlnseombe Saratoga: Chellle Sharp. Oakland;
lX S Howard. Abble Eakle, Woodland; Rev.
and Mrs. J. D. Wilmott. San Jose; Mrs. L. X.
Crldlev Mrs. L. O. Thompson, Miss D. Thomp
son Gridlev; Mrs. Sarah F. Long. Vacaville;
Mrs I N Pearson. Oakland: Mrs. Princess C.
Long Amanda Galloway. Healdsburg: Mr. and
Mrs ' S Fowler. Tulare: J. L. Whitmore.
Cere's; Addle Resslgne. Oakland; Miss J. J.
Whitmore, Ceres: Mr. and Mrs. .T. J. Morgan,
Woodland; J M. Dunning. Pleasant Grove;
Mark Wayne Williams. San Francisco; Clar
ence V Baker. Santa Clara; Laura Kraft,
George W. Craft, Irvington: Levi McCash,
Nana- Mrs. H. E. Leland, Santa Clara; Mrs.
F L ' Ford T. E. Ti"anthan. Los Gatos; J. A.
Brown, Wheatland; . Edna N. Tranthan, Los
Gates-' Laura E. Hill. Los Gatos; Mr. and
Mrs George W. Mclntyre. Ethel Mclntyre, Sa
linas; Mrs L. J. Martin. Los Gatos; May
Hathaway, San Jose: Nellie L. Simpson.
Berkeley George W. Derrick, Mrs. Louise
Derrick^ Mrs. H. E. Crowell. Salinas; F. F.
Rawlins, Elk Creek;. Mrs. Hattie Anderson,
Santa Clara;- Vesta Vail, Berkeley; R. N*.
Davis, Gllrov; Rev. and Mrs. R. L. McHat
ton, Santa Cruz; S. M. Murphy, Red Bluff;
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Lawson, Santa Clara;
S. M. Jefferson, Berkeley; W. B. Berry. San
■"anta Cruz: S. M. Murphy, Red Bluff:
_id Mrs. Thomas Lawson, Santa Clara;
Jefferson. Berkeley; W*. B. Berry. San
Francisco; D. A. Russell, Palo Alto: Profes
sor H. McAnenv, Berkeley; Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Shadle, Sacramento; A. C. Ford. I__
THE EMPORIUM. |
&¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥9 %
Vargas *ir__i!_&_ffcs_&lll lIKM ? esi- Pa '
To-Night, gill- ERBi^WSCIIII™ triotic
Last Bl™**' and Concert
Appear- P** Gold.filliileßazaar. T^ of ****** *
anco* CMFQRniASIj&CZSTrr-AMERICA'S.aiAriDCSr STORE. io»nigntm
A specially arrange i Concert for the Oregon
boys to-night. The entire regiment has been in-
vited to be present It will be ihe grandest Saturday
night that the big store has ever known. Concert be-
gins promptly at 7:30. The finest orchestra in the city.
Senor Antonio Vargas, the great Barytone Soloist,
. under the direction of (Mr, John cMarquardt,
Sat v relay Only
V'A Great Special Sale
A A Men's Shoes To-Day
/l-jf (jm The Emporium offers for Saturday only all that
\_^^^\j^_a^ remain of our regular $3".00 line of Men's
ir'li lV; -M Chocolate Color Vici Kid Lace Shoes; new,
f \« tftf\ modified bull dog and opera toes, with tips;
\t^i v.^ sewed welt soles ; a stylish, easy fitting shoe
Jo^ I that is sure to please ; just 156 pairs; all
\_. \^/ sizes; while the quantity lasts, to-day.#_?_3£>
Y/asll Madras, Gingham and Cheviot Shirtings, dainty checks and stripe*,
Fabrics stron K» durable fabrics, full 32 inches wide, suitable for ladies' or
children's waists and men's summer shirt-?, laundries well, our regu-
lar 12* _c grade, on special sale Saturday, per yard- So
Tennis A handsome line in pretty checks and stripes, light colorings, pinks.
_T_flil-_r D 'T"**- ra. v3 ' etc., for ladies' wrappers and children's night robes,
excellent cloth that will, wash well, on special sale Saturday only,
per yard 5&
Table Fringed Chenille Table Covers, size 45x45 inches, exclusive of the
Covers fringe, several pretty designs and colorings, regularly 55c each, on
special sale Saturday only 330
Comforters —On special sale to-day only, our regular $1.90 Comforters,
size 72x72 inches —the covering is strong percaline cloth
printed on both sides with nice de-igns, tufted and filled
with pure white cotton $1.52
Star To-day only the Emporium offers 198 ! *x.
_)_/_;_?/_• _'Q_-« on'v Boys' Waists, tne celebrated £***^:£&tf- V/>
WaiSIS, OifC - a _„ - ake> regular $1 pities and ? ))s}&?
patterns.sizes 7to 14 years,eachso_? ; 'ifi j |'. ¥- J
Bicycle Half a dozen articles that cyclists need at j"','» '. ? ; ', ;: '»
<c»»»tr_r»_ r _»« greatlvreduced prices, for to-day only: •'. '. ', • ■;"!!{
aununes* golar Acetyline Gas Lamps, 1899 pat- ;I; | • i\\l\\
tern, regu arly $3.50 each, o-day.s2.7o ', J ! ; * •"!;!>'
Bimetallic* Sprocket Locks, regu- ;-;; « ; J-;;.-'.;
larly 15c each, to-da* 8c '»••.'! »*= ', '< '
Rubber Frame Protectors, pre- ]=;! \ 0 ' ;!; ;.'
vent handle bars from denting frame, !';') '• I«|J J "
regularly 10*5 each, to-day 6*3 *'- '-. i " »'■ J {;"
"3 in l ff Oil, lubricates, prevents ru*t, '• '__1| ;. » •_» j* '-
and cleanses regularly 20c, to-day.. -?'* "'***"-"•• 9zf f."i *'*/
Pocket Oilers, pear or canteen * j \j! \ I '•]'.',•
shapes, regularly 5c each, to-day 3c JJ•■«:. • j \ -J J
Lamson Luggage Carriers, regu- i* ' : - 'I "I'l'i* *—
larly 75c each, to-day .....50c
HOUSe Double Match Safes, well made of heavy quality gray
r..__iVI ««••-*_» enam-l ware, regularly 12c each,' the limited quantity on
Furnishings— h _nd _ „e9 to-day at f ; 7c
' Dish Pens, heavy quality enamel ware, regularly 32c
' each, --necial today only 23c
Can-Openers, one gross only of circular tutting
steel Can-9 eneis, regularly 10c each, on sal 3 to-day
( while quantity lasts at..- So
, Foot Baths, oblong shape, galvanized, extra heavy
i riveted hand regularly 2£c, special to-day 26 C
' CanvaS Canvas Telescopes like picture jp-g-****^-^*^^*^^^^^*^^
' Tn//o«p_nP<;- stoutly riveted, leather cor- &%*i^ _____s*P^l
it-{,-.'/i*f/t;3 _er^ complete with straps Q/M^pTT^ If
and handle, at greatly re- QjfflAffi'/ [I \\ f
duced prices for to-morrow >>-' {"[' Q if --
oni**:
Regularly 50c 60c 75c 99c
Cut Price 33c , 4*tc 55c 66c
■ . Regularly $1.00 $1.15 $1.25
Cut Price 77c 88c 97c
Sugar—Western Refinery 'Dry Granulated Sugar this
day only 20 lbs /cr $1.00
(Only 40 pounds to a customer).
LinUOrS —Champion Bourbon— full Quarts, regularly $I.CO, and
the best goods in the market for th* money —special to-day.7so
Dessert Wines—Angelica and Muscatel, our best bottled
goods regularly 50c bottle, on Saturday only 4 bottles for Si
(Only 4 bottles to a customer).
Domestic PorterWe guarantee the quality and refund
your money if y^u w_t it, regularly $1.25 per doz.n — spe-
cial sale to-day at QOc
Crane Stock Men's Furnish-
ings at 65c on the Dollar.
Several new lines added to-day. Strong attractions
for ■ Saturday shoppers- Department has been
crowded all the week and not a dissatisfied cus-
tomer.
Gatos: Mr. and Mrs. J. Eicher, Fresno; Dr.
Hods-don, San Francisco: -Mr. and Mrs. E.
lUodcett A cam no: S. M. Ivungford. Los Gatos.
OF Meeker. Bakersfleld: Mrs. S. Nebeker.
Mrs J. P. Potter. Alameda; Mrs. M. B. Fim
ple", Chico; Grace Mclntyre, Salinas.
Patriotic. Ladies.
The officers of Ladies' Aid No. 3, the recent
ly organized auxiliary to Fair Oaks Camp No.
15 Sons of Veterans, were Installed last night
in' Foresters' building. The new officers of this
organization of patriotic ladies, are: Laura J.
Handley, past president; Lillian M. Hembrie.
resident; Julia Duhem, Vice president; Lou
Watson secretary; Lulu Ellis, treasurer; Laura
E ' George, chaplain; Mac Dunn, right guide;
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
FLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELT! NO. "FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
r « nPf.FV Manufacturer of BeHtnir mid JAC. EOYES &CO £*?* *£ ? u _?*-. ..J*
L. P. IitUCW, Lace Leather. 105.107 Mis- *- AD ' tllflLJ tt WV., Clay. Tel. Main 129,
glonSt.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. HARDWARE.
BO. LER MAKERS. DAUCE Hardware Co.. Importem and Deal-
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, ='" "' * """s '"' M "° 7 "
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor. * '
-pedal Attention Paid to Repair, and Ship *«*«•__! Foundry M ° ° ! & HedTey. Pro--,-.
BP **^ Work **-••* Fremont St. Castings of Every Ds.
Office and Works-113-115 MISSION ST. ___£-_*_*- *___ to _____ **: «■_«!_____
Telephone Main StMt*. itf PAPER DEALERS.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. WILLAMETTE !^^S_2_S Stress
THESAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, ' print.*. -
342 to 350 Oeary Street. Above Powell. p _*» HI If_H F *^ PRINTER.
Periodicals. Books end Stationery. L V ' _i_-_^_£_l___-_l-___ Sanson™ j-wm.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON. 1 THE HIC-S-JUDD CO-. „%."„.'.. «ggg
J. C. WILSON & CO., STATIONFR AN_ PRINTER.
bOO BATTERY STREET. Te " graphlc PAßTßlDGl_ "* CW **
Telephone Main ISB4. ° "** , _J__,
COPPERSMITH . WHITt ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by In a
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLYTH. M«r. BLACK DIAMOND cOAL MIXING CO. at Ita
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing. Steamboat GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18 I. tb. Bee* Coal In th. **"*"_
Wa-hlnaton St, Telephone- Main 5641. I OXflce «a J_r_r-4W Mala BUM*. -
THE EMPORIUM.
Anna Watson, left guide: Emma Boltz. senti
nel; Laura J. Handley, Esther.Dunn and" Mrs
D. B. Plymire. trustees. Frank R Handle-.*
was the Installing officer, and be was assisted
by W. E. Bartlett as guide. The new society
was organized by the past .president. Mrs
Laura J. Handley. -tf.
Emil Streuli's Will.
The will of Emil Streuli, who died in
this city June 2.*:. was filed for probate
yesterday. Decedent's estate, which
consists of both real and personal prop
erty of the value of $10,000, is devised to
his widow. Mary. Isabella Streuli. and her
four children. Mrs. Str.eyli is named as
executrix, to serve without bonds.
56
i^e-4 ! &3__Wdall
t — ____________==r___r__r____=
SATURDAY. ... .. JULY 22. 1899
. ' . , -* —
john d, SPRECKELS. Proprietor. ___;_
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sta.. S. F
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. O cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
DA IDT CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year $6.0<
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call),. 6 .months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 month- --50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ' 650
SUNDAY 'ALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year .' .-.._._.._... I-** o
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
S_mple copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE... 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Ha-ager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building.
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald Squaro
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 28 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News" C«. ; ..Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Houße; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW* YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotol
J. L. ENGLISH. Corrcsoondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open ur*tll 9:30
c'clocK. 615 Lark-In street, open urjtll 9.30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock;. 2291 MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second ond KentucKy streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Lord and Lady Algy."
California— "The Dancing Girl."
i iri •••:!:. Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "Blue Beard."
Alcazar— New Magdelen."
Grand Opera House— "Olivette."
'Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
anfi evening.
Olympia. corner Mason and Ellis streets Specialties.
Irten-tate Panorama. Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Butro Baths- Swimming Races, etc.
§ Mechanics' Pavilion— Walkers to-night.
Union Coursing Park— -Ing to-day.
Recreation Park-Baseball To-day.
Glenn Park— Grand performance to-morrow.
Excursion to Santa t'ruz Sunday, July 13.
AUCTION SALES.
By F. W. Butt.-rllWd— This day, at 11 o'clock. Furniture, at
Turk and Pierce Btreets. -
f\ GRfIVE LOCAL ISSUE.
AX obligation of the most serious character has
been placed upon the reputable Republican
voters of this city. The future government of
San Francisco will be determined by the decent citi
zens of the city. Upon the shoulders of men who
have something at stake and are interested in pro
moting the welfare of the municipality rests the re
sponsibility of deciding whether our future local gov
ernment shall be good or bad. The primary law has
broken the power of professional politicians to con
trol- conventions and dictate nominations.
Every voter has now the privilege to participate in
political affairs as a free agent, exercising his preroga
tive of individual opinion. With this privilege has
come an obligation which every- Republican voter is
in duty bound to satisfy. The local Republican or
ganization has decided to abide- by the strict letter of
the law. It has repudiated the crafty, boss-conceived
scheme of a blanket ticket. It has pledged an abso
lute precinct representation throughout the city and
has won for every voter the' right to express his
opinion with his vote in primary politics.
A Republican club has been organized in every
Assembly District of San Francisco; and the way is
clear for every Republican to make himself felt in the
government of the city. It is the duty, therefore, of
every Republican to enroll himself in his Assembly
District club and participate in those affairs that lead
up to conventions and the nomination of municipal
candid;
There is no longer an excuse for decent men to
permit professional politicians to rule San Francisco.
The primary law has placed local government in the
hands of those that are best qualified to administer it.
If reputable Republicans do not. obey their duty the
responsibility of bad local government will be upon
them and not upon the men who have won corrupt
power through influences that the primary law has
destroyed. The issue is one that cannot be avoided.
Good citizens must accept their responsibilities.
THE FREE HARBOR CONTEST.
BY all odds the most important event in the
history of Los Angeles is the long struggle for
the construction of a harbor "at San Pedro,
ending, as it did, in a victory which assures to that
city a port of entry which virtually makes Los An
geles a seaport, and one of the foremost on the Pa
cific Coast
The contest against the powerful opposition of the
Southern Pacific Company attracted the attention
and enlisted the sympathies of all Californians. Its
course and character are, therefore, familiar enough
at present, and are not likely to be forgotten by this
generation.. For the purpose of preserving the story
so that it may be fully understood by those who are
to profit in future by the harbor, the history of the
struggle has been written by Charles Dwight Wil
lard and published in an attractive volume hand
somely illustrated. . The work is a valuable addition
to the record of recent events, and may be accounted
a permanent contribution to the history of the State.
The next time Tammany has a banquet Mr. Hogg
of Texas will be left to rest alone in his own little pen
"down on the Brazos. The spectacle of a Bryanite
kidnaping the tiger is not one the contemplation of
which Mr. Croker could safely subject his nerves to.
a second time.
Reports from many localities show that a large per
centage of those wounded in the recent Fourth of
July celebration have contracted lockjaw. What a
pity so few of them were politicians and prize-fighters.
It is not to be supposed for a moment, although the
Southern Pacific roadbed over the Alameda marsh
exhibits a tendency to drop out of sight, that it is a
part of Huntington's sinking fund.
It might improve the situation in the Philippines
during the rainy season somewhat if we had a general
in command down there who knew enough to get in
out of the wet
STRIKING PfIRfILLELS.
THE Post is struck by the Parallel of Imperialism
in the United States and the imperial career of
Rome. The home-coming of the volunteers is
' the analogue of a Roman triumph. There is regret
! that no more spoils are brought, nor captives to gloat
over. The Post says the Roman Silurians opposed
the policy of conquest and deprecated the triumphal
displays with the captured kings and queens and
treasures and slaves which the returning legions
brought back to Rome. These Roman Silurians,
thinks the Post, resembled what it calls the "dough
faces" of to-day. 1 They saw in each conquest only
; subsequent disaster, and never lost a chance to de
clare that the policy of conquest was a subversion of
; the institutions of their country.
The Post is right: There is a striking parallel, and
: if it will read a bit deeper in Roman history it will
1 discover that every prophecy made by such Roman
Silurians as Cato and Cicero came true. "The illus
-1 trious reign of Augustus" was not over before the
| glorious structure of empire begun by his uncle Julius
1 began to crumble and the liberties of the Roman citi
zens had been wrested from them by the legions. At
i first, when the captives were led through the streets
of Rome chained to the chariot wheels of their. cap
tors, the Roman citizens thronged the way and bel
lowed "Woe to the conquered." But at last there was
' written in history "Woe to the conqueror."
j • The policy of Roman expansion, which had ex
| pression in the campaigns of Julius Caesar against
peoples who had never wronged a Roman, reacted
\ when the Roman conscience revolted and found ex-
I pression in the Senate. Vercingetorix and his chief
' tains had stoutly defended their liberty and their
i homes against the Roman invader, and the Senate,
I impressed by the spectacle, began to flinch from the
! slaughter of others for doing just what the Romans
would if their soil were invaded. It was then that
Caesar betrayed his country and, leaving his own
1 province, crossed its legal boundary, the Rubicon,
and marched on Rome. The imperial policy abroad
I made necessary the abridgment of liberty at home.
I The ancient world understood this as perfectly face to
face as we do in the perspective of history.
Caesar's act was known to mean the downfall of
' the Roman commonwealth, the end of all attempts at
| internal reform and the destruction of Roman lib
i erty. Plutarch records all these impressions and pic
tures the traitor, Julius, the night before he crossed
the Rubicon, tossing in fitful sleep and dreaming that
:he deflowered his own mother. No further record is
' needed to prove the current estimate of his act. Then
followed the expiring tragedy of patriotism, the as
sassination of Julius, the murder of Cicero, and in
due time the dawning of the glories of the Augustan
age. Empire flourished briefly, but its subjects, car
ried captive to Rome, learned tactics and longed fcr
! their native hills as Spartacus did for the green valleys
lof Thrace. Hermann rallied the German tribes, and
when Varus marched against him with the flower of
! the Roman legions, the invincible Latins, who had
made conquests abroad and suppressed by slaughter
all. opposition at home, the seasoned soldiers of the
empire, were powerless against German valor, and in
the frightful carnage of the Teutoberger Wald the
pride of empire was laid low and it- power was
,' broken. Then it was. .-aid that a statue of Victory, out
side the Eternal City, which pointed the road to Ger
many, turned on its pedestal and pointed toward
Rome, and Augustus beat his head against the walls
of his palace and cried, "Emilius Varus, give me back
Imy legions; give me back my legions."
Then how rapid the fall of everything gracious and
glorious in Rome! With empire came the purple and
its muniments, and after Augustus these were seized
and sold by the mercenary legions to the highest
bidder, and the stench of the rotting of Rome filled
the world, and its spume remains to defile history.
Cicero, Cato, the Silurians, all were gone, buUtheir
warnings to this day impress the conscience of the
world far more than the decayed glories of empire in
fluence man's love for pageantry and display.
Indeed, the parallel is striking. Witness the denial
iof free speech, the violation of the privacy of the
: mails, the rigid censorship of all news from the dis-
t ant seat of a war of conquest that Congress never,
f declared, the trampling on the constitution and pro
| posal to punish citizens who speak of liberty, the in
■ solence of military officers and their interference in
j civil affairs. Witness also the cunning deceit with
1 which the servants of the people meet the "round
; robin" of the reputable war correspondents in Man
i ila. The censor cuts all the facts out of news dis
' patches and then himself sends such dispatches as he
chooses to Washington, suppressing the truth and
lying to the people. To the charge of the cor
respondents the authorities answer that they "have
j made public the official dispatches," and that is con
. sidered an answer to the charge that the truth is kept
from :he people, when the charge is that these same
! officihl dispatches are official lies, coined to deceive
the country. All these things are part of the Post's
"striking parallel," but they are no more a part of it
than the end that waits upon imperialism, the pit into
which it falls. Jefferson said that this republic was to
be a new departure, a Government that would eschew
the criminal ambitions and bloody aspirations which
had made Europe a hell. He and the fathers desired to
avoid the striking parallel which impresses the Post
iso favorably, and they must rank, therefore, with
Cato, Cicero, the Roman Silurians and the present
"doughfaces."
THE MENDACIOUS EXAMINER.
THE traditional gobbler with its tail stretched
and its ruffles distended in imbecile antagonism
to the universe is a fit emblem of the Exam
iner, which struts and chuckles over its relations to
the fusion Democracy, now apparently in the final
throes of dissolution. In its editorial columns of
yesterday that organ of vicious idiocy in its language
is unusually truculent and mendacious. Among other
things it claims the existence in San Francisco of "a
strong public sentiment in favor of the Democracy,"
and proceeds to assail The Call, in terms that invite
a retort which will be temporarily restrained, for an
alleged connection with the Huntington railroad
monopoly, typified in the person of William F.
Herrin.
The Examiner consciously and deliberately lies.
But that is a mere incident in its infamous career.
That such a public expression of individual egotism
and vanity should have ever posed as the representa
tive of any approach toward political reform is one of
the unsolved riddles of paresis. When the Democratic
party, as established by Thomas .Jefferson and inocu
lated with the stern virility of Andrew Jackson,
existed, it was the victim of a hundred mean and. sor
did treacheries upon the part of its pretentious or
gan. When the mongrel fusion between the Democ
racy and the Populists or socialists. was embodied in
the Chicago platform and in the hybrid State enun
ciation of last year, it- was again false to every prin
ciple it had pretended to revere. When the Hunting
ton corruptionists sought to impose Daniel M. Burns
as a Federal Senator upon a disgusted people it
sneakingly used its entire influence to promote the
THE SATST FRANCISCO CALL, .SATURDAY, JUJLY 22. 1899.
outrage. On the recent question of the. valuation of !
property for the purpose of. municipal taxation it •
patted inequality upon the back and pitted its chosen
Assessor against the integrity of the Board of Super
visors. Years ago it was bought, paid for and re
pudiated by Mr. Huntington, and ever since its stupid
revenges and its morbid thirst for restoration to
monopolistic favor have been visible through all its
pretensions and through all its hypocrisies.
When the Examiner attempts to repudiate the oli
garchical control of the local Democratic organiza
tion through a combination between its managing
editor, Sam Rainey, and possibly the resuscitated j
Chris Buckley, it flies in the face of incontestable facts j
and of firm public opinion. Upon this point the ■
issue may safely be left where it is. But when that j
promoter of "internal policies" in language of a per
sonal quality or in any language seeks to identify The ;
Call with William F. Herrin it impudently parades a |
falsehood that will be resented by every decent news- ,
paper reader and citizen in the State. In order to ;
meet any possible suspicion of undue acerbity we j
quote one sentence in its own words: "We have no
doubt that Spreckels and Herrin would like to put
felons and fugitives from justice in a position of
prominence in the local Democracy." . This is a j
choice specimen of vulgar mendacity. The Exam
iner has toiled and struggled to secure the ascend
ency of corruptionists in the Republican party, not
merely to aid particular schemes inimical to the pub
lic welfare, but to further the project, long ago de
tected by The Call and in which William F. Herrin is
deeply implicated, to turn the State over to the ftt
sionists in 1900. The Call, without a single break,
and it may be said with a success that marks the com
mencement of a new era in California, has resisted j
every form of monopolistic aggression, whether it i
originated with Mr. Huntington or with any of his j
associates or tributaries. It has also welcomed and !
commended every evidence of independence and of
manhood among Republicans and Democrats as mdi- j
eating a revival of the true conception of American J
citizenship. The independence that the Examiner :
has falsely professed The Call has actually manifested
in a succession of controversies in which, almost for
the first time in the history of California, the intelli
gence and the respectability of the people have been
triumphant.
The Examiner is one of "the bushwhackers of j
politics." It has worn about every costume through !
which the meanest hypocrisy and the most unblush
ing falsehood could be detected. If fusion Democ- .
racy. not constitutionally revived it would have \
been destroyed by the organ that represents it. The j
Examiner-Rainey-Buckley association will not es-. I
cape its just fate under the hat of Mayor Phelan or by ;
hanging on to the coat-tails of Assessor Dodge.
BY the death of Robert G. Ingersoll the country
loses one of the most gifted orators of the time
— one who, had he possessed a .better balanced
brain, would probably have been among the foremost
of our statesmen.
His career is a striking proof that the most bril
liant talents, even when accompanied by industry,
courage and energy, fail to accomplish much if they
are dominated by a fixed idea, which colors, exag
gerates and distorts everything presented either to the
mental or the moral vision.
:rsoll was sincere in all the purposes of his life, j
and at all time had the courage of his convictions.
When the war broke out he entered the army and
served with distinction. During the reconstruction
period he was a stanch upholder of the policies of the
Republican party and was one of . its most potent
stump speakers. His speech in nomination of j
Blame for the Presidency at the convention of 1876 |
is one of the classics of American oratory. It made
his fame national and hi.* name familiar in every
household. He was the. bright particular star of the :
campaign that followed, and had he possessed a bet- j
ter balanced intellect he might have aspired. to the
highest honors with a fair expectation of attaining
them.
He could never get rid, however, of the fixed idea
that the Christian religion is a cruel, unreasonable J
survival of barbaric superstition. On that subject he
was almost insane. The defect wrecked his career, |
though it did not prevent him from attaining wealth
and .something of fame. His life was stormy and full
of bitter controversies, but all antagonisms are ended
now, and the country over his tomb will remember
nothing but his courage, his eloquence and his |
patriotism. .
AT the first blush the country will put only one
construction upon the resignation of Alger.
It will be taken as expression of the Presi
dent's disapproval of the management of the War
Department, and a response to the popular demand
caused by the revelations with beef and other army
scandals. There is at present no doubt that the
resignation was demanded. This will not wait long
for confirmation, and when it is known there will be
wrought a change in public opinion. To demand the
resignation now will be taken as expression of the
administration's need of a soapegoat and of a timely
diversion of public attention from the errors and dis
asters of imperialism in the tropics. It can hardly he
said that Alger's beef record and his differences with
General Miles have caused this very late demand for
the purgation of the Cabinet of his presence. The
President, having laboriously constructed two com
missions of inquiry to cleanse Alger of blame, and
having taken upon himself the sins of Eagan, the
country will slowly but surely reach the conclusion
that the general policies of the administration need
to ripen in security from public attention before they
can be trusted to command public favor, and there
fore it is necessary to give the people something to
occupy them.
Official etiquette closes Alger's. mouth until he lays
down his portfolio, as it did John Sherman's, but then
he may be expected to talk, and many things now
greatly dark will be illuminated.
The resignations of Alger and Sherman are two in
cidents that may well impress the public mind. In
politics and their party they were enemies more bitter
than Conkling and Blame. In his book Sherman ac
cused Alger, point blank, of buying negro votes in
the convention which had been pledged to Sherman
for the Presidency, thus defeating the Ohio states
man. For two men in such relation to amicably con
cur in official contact was impossible. However, each
has left the Cabinet for reasons in no way instigated
by the other, but for causes inhering in the policies
of the President and the necessities of their pursuit.
This being true, the country will listen with interest
to what Alger has to say. ' '
The parable of the loaves and the fishes has been
eclipsed, if you will take the Examiner's word for it.
According to the new yellow mental arithmetic, I
horn, properly tooted/will convert 8 overcoats on i
wagon into covering for 1200 men of the Oregon
regiment.
ROBERT G. INGERSOLL.
A DISSOLVING CABINET.
ORIGIN OF THE "ROUND ROBIN."
The Famous Protest of the Newspaper Men
at Manila Was Planned on Lines Made
Use Of by the Ancients.
SAN FRANCISCO, July 20.
Editor Call— The newspapers refer tothe united protest of. the correspondents
at Manila against the strict censorship of General Otis as a "roand robin. l na\e
sought information from a number of friends as to the origin of this peculiar ex
pression, but in vain, and now ask you to give it in your valuable columns tor our
benefit, and also undoubtedly for many other readers of The Call. __■__
SUBSCRIBER.
[The round robin is a circle divided from the center, like the famed Arthur 3
round table, whence it is thought to have originated. In each compartment of the
robin is _ signature, so that the entire circle when filled exhibits a list, without
priority being given to any name. It is stated, however, that the round robin,
without which a sailor would think himself deprived of his right of petition, was
first invented in Athens on the occasion of the conspiracy of Aristogeiton and
Harmodus against the tyranny of Pisistratide. The Romans, in imitation of the
Greeks, not to indicate their preference to any. either among their guests or
friends or slaves, wrote their names in a circle in such a manner that it was Im
possible to say which was first, second or last in their estimation.
Sir W. Forbes in Boswell's life of Dr. Johnson says: "This jeu d'esprit had its
use one day in 1776 at a dinner at our friend -Sir Joshua Reynolds'. All the com
pany present except myself were friends and acquaintances of Dr. Goldsmith.
The epitaph written for him by Dr. Johnson became the subject of conversation,
and various emendations were suggested, which it was agreed should be submit
ted to the doctor's consideration. But the question was, Who should have the
courage to propose them to him? At last it was hinted that there could he no way
so good as that of a round robin, as the sailors call it, which they make use of
when they enter into a conspiracy, so as not to let it be known who puts his name
first or last to the paper."]
WITH TUNEFUL
"OLIVETTE"
AT THE GRAND
A' ■. .• ■ -- rformance is of'
N excellent performance is often due
to the stimulus given the artists
by a large audience and to the cred
it of the Grand Opera-house be it
said they sing as well to half a
house as to "standing room only." If put
to the test they would no doubt do their
utmost to please the well-known "five" of
Mai ready.
"Olivette" does not seem to have found
! favor with the public: It is tuneful, too,
and merry; has four good characters,
\ some fine choruses, picturesque scenery,
graceful dancing, rather pretty costumes
j and many a laughter provoking incident.
There is nothing to prevent its being
! kindly accepted but the dialogue, and
i surely that with its business is length-
I ened "beyond the limit of patience. The
second act is practically nothing else— a
solo or two, a duet and a beautiful one,
a quintet and then dialogue and horse
1 play until the sight of the entering chorus
i is bailed with delight, because we know
lit signals the fall of the curtain. Why
1 would it not be a happy idea to let a dis-
I appearing chorus occasionally indicate a
! curtain fall? The thought Is suggested
j by the grouping in the first act, where
j the chorus turns Its back upon the audi
ence and looks out to sea. It is a very
excellent and effective piece of stage
management.
The dominating figure in the opera is
poor, woebegone Coqu'lelicot. Humor of
the broad sort has set its hall mark upon
Mr. Wolf, and when kept out of military
trappings he easily stands well to the
front as a fun maker. He maintains the
I character rigidly, even In the matter of
i encore, for these he accepts with a bow
I and smile of true henchman stupidity.
Arthur Wooley plays Captain de Merri
mac in a good, honest way, with never a
stage trick for effect, and sings his num
bers artistically with a well-trained voice
lof good range. There are hours when
I Mr. Persse bears . down all prejudice
j against his poor method by his convinc
ing performance, and as Valentine he has
I sounded one of those hours. Miss Ma
son's Olivette Is charming. Her crying
. song was as clever dramatically as musi
cally, and he who finds flaws in her voice
: distinct enough for criticism must be in
; a microscopic bad humor. Miss Riccl
walks out of her character straight to
1 the front of the stage and sings her first
solo for all the world like a concert
: singer. There is no sense in this and no
reason for it. so why Is it permitted? She
never seems to identify herself with her
part and as a result loses all sympathy.
Act 111 makes good the assurance that
"the last shall be first,'' for it far out- j
I strips the other two in effect, scenic and
musical. If it were not for the fact that
people disappear aboard ship behind a
piece of waving sky the illusion would be
complete. The dancing and ensemble
work call for willing approval and were
' greeted with ready applause. Next week
i we are to hear "Faust" in English, and j
i the management promises an elaborate I
j production.
I CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
VIEWS OF COAST EDITORS
on the
Great Automobile Race.
John D. Davis, accompanied by his
wife, started from New York Thursday
in an automobile, to make a trip across
the continent to California. This will bo
the longest trip ever made by an auto
mobile, and If it is all that it is cracked
up to be we will soon see it making regu
lar trips between Santa Cruz. Soquel and
Capitola.— Santa Cruz Sentinel.
» » s »
May Change Colusa.
The automobile seems to be coming. It
can be made of great advantage to Colu
sa. It ls going to disturb old relations
and business is likely often to hunt new
BITTER RECOLLECTIONS.
Clogged Clancy— W'ot yer so sad about? ,
Languid Larry— Ah, w'en I see de waves breakin' on de shore It calls up bltt<
memories uv me misspent past.
Clogged Clancy W'en yer used ccr take baths?
Languid Larry— w'en I us.d ter brake, meself, on de Shore Line Ral
road-
channels. There will be more business,
but not in the same places. Colusa,
being the head of good. navigation, is in
a good fix to. receive it. If grain does
not come across the railroad it will be
because of a reduction to meet the new
conditions and the value of the river
will be thus better illustrated. With a
good road and an automobile hitched to
a lot of grain watrons the railroad will
have to come within fifteen or twenty
cents of river prices. But even then
there might be those who would say
"Let it fill up— cares?" Oh. If Co
lusa only had some snap.' What a city
it could be made!— Colusa Sun.
PRESS COMMENTS J
- • .
ANSWER THIS, GENERAL OTIS.
(Sacramento Bee.)
In answering a recent editorial in the
San Francisco Call, the . Los' Angeles
Times say's that the followers of Aguin
aldo for months have been in open riot i
and Insurrection against the authority of j
the United States, and that they are being
punished therefor. The • Los Angeles
Times, whose editor is Brigadier General
Harrison Gray Otis, continues:
And that punishment, let The Call be
assured, will be continued so long as there
l- a Filipino native in open rebellion against
the American flag-, and so long- as they con
tinue to kill the sons of American mothers.
Query: If that be so, why. oh why. did
Brigadier General -Gray-Julius
Caesar-Crossed-the-Kublcon Otis fly on
the wings of tne morning back to Amer
ica just as soon as the'battle became the
heaviest and the dumdUm bullets flew
the thickest?
The Examiner, Mischief-Maker.
No doubt the President is greatly wor
ried over the demands of the Examiner
that he send a general to the Philippines.
In fact the attitude of this influential
journal probably worries him more than
all the other troubles of his administra
tion put together. Especially must this
be so of that brilliant editorial signed by
the great W. R. Hearst himself, and
which was such a remarkably able pro
duction that the Examiner printed It
twice in order that its full significance
might more forcibly strike its thousands
of readers. Warwick was a kingmaker,
Hanna is a president maker, but Willie
Hearst Is the general maker— that is. gen
eral mischief— laker. He should swallow
some of his Internal policies himself, then
go to bed and have a good sweat. Prob
ably this might cure him of his insane de
sire to run the Government and he the
"whole thing" himself.— Marysville Ap
peal, ytf'-:
I ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE FIRST IDAHO— H. C. S. . Wat
sonville, Cal. Eight companies of the
First Idaho Volunteers left San Francisco
for the Philippines. '
WEDDING ANNIVERSARIES--. 1,..
City. There is no celebration of wedding
anniversary between the golden and the
diamond wedding, that is. none that is
recognized by any name, such as wooden,
tin, iron and .so forth. ;•*.•»
GENERALS IN THE ARMY— A. S.,
City. The pay of a general of the United
States army is $13,000 a year. The follow
ing named have been generals of the
United States army: George Washington.
U. S. Grant, W. T. Sherman and Phil
Sheridan.
GREENBACK— Colma, Cal. To dis
cover with a certainty whether a green
back is a counterfeit requires considera
ble study and a thorough knowledge of
bills. This department has not been able
to discover a rule by which a counterfeit
bill may be detected by dividing the num
ber of the bill by a known divisor in con
junction with the letter opposite the num
ber on the bill. Possibly some, reader of
this department can enlighten the corre
spondent.
OF CHINESE PARENTS— F. M. D.,
City. There is no law that prohibits a
man "l years of age. born in the United
States of Chinese parents, from exercis
ing the right of voting, provided he has
the aualiflcations as to residence which
are reiS ired of voters At the last held
Presidential election there were eighteen
such who vote.l. No native of Chma
tl it is a Mongolian-has ever voted in
Sin Francisco, but natives of China have
voted '',','„ such were the sons of Euro
pean 'parents, born while such parents
were traveling through China or were for
a time resident there. -.'V>
DIFFERENCE IN" TIME- J. S., City.
Every person traveling around the world
from" west to east, with his watch set to
the time of the place whence he started,
will note that the sun comes to his merid
ian or noon, four minutes earlier than
his' time for every degree passed over,
one hour for every fifteen degrees and
twenty-four hours for three hundred and
sixty degrees, In dfcer words, every one
who completes such a journey gains a
day and to dispose of this superfluous
day so as to make his reckoning corre
spond with that of the place from which
he started he must call the day on which
be gets back, or on which he passes some
certain point or meridian line, and the
next following day of the week and
month "by the same name and date: thus,
having "for example, two Mondays to
gether. On the other hand, every person
traveling from east to west in mas a
complete circuit of the earth loses a day,
and to correct his calendar he must skip
one day of some week. -
There Is this difference in time between
San Francisco and the Philippine Islands.
For example: From 7:29:25 a. m. to 12:
29:25 in San Francisco. July 1. 1899. the
inhabitants of the Navigator Islands in
the Pacific were in the early part of their
July 2, while those of the Philippines,
about sixty degrees farther west, adher
ing to their old calendar, were finishing
June 30.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
H. B. Llnd of Seattle is a guest at th«
Lick.
I. A. -Rob-in, a merchant of Sacramento,
is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. and Mrs. A. E. Osborne of Eldridge
are registered at the Grand.
Thomas B. Butler and wife are regis
tered at the Lick from Iverson.
C. J. Cox, a wealthy stock .raiser of
Elmo, is a guest at the Grand.
A. J. Parker, an attorney of prominence
from Hanford, is a guest at the Lick.
H Z Osborne, United States Marshal at
Los Angeles, is a guest at the Palace.
J Rock, a prominent business man of
Niles, is at the California with his daugh
ter.
Josenh R. Ryland, a San Jose banker
and capitalist, is a guest at the Occi
dental.
A. C. Tenner, a prominent resident of
Washington, D. C, is registered at the
Grand.
|. W. Knox, a prominent attorney of
Merced, is one of the late arrivals at the
Palace.
Dr. F. K. Alnsworth, physician for the
Southern Pacific at Los Angeles, is stay
ing at the Grand.
11. F. Lyon and C. H. W. Noeton have
returned from Honolulu and are staying
at the Occidental.
W. A. Mackinder, a wealthy wine man
of St. Helena, is one of those who ar
rived at the California yesterday.
Lieutenants Behre, Yon Foester and R.
Elter of the German army are registered
at the Palace, where they arrived yester
day.
C. L. Vucanovich, a wealthy merchant
of Acapulco, arrived on the Panama
steamer yesterday and went to the Occi
dental.
y. m . .-..-.
J. F. Soper, one time Assistant Ha
waiian Consul to this port, has come up
from Honolulu and is registered at the
Occidental.
Dr. W. R. Page, one of the leading phy
sicians of Washington, D. C, is regis
tered at the Grand. Mrs. Page accom
panies her husband..
Colonel Alfred T. Smith, Dr. W. ___ Van
Patten, Major F. M. Foote and Captain
O'Connor, Manila veterans, arrived on the
Indiana yesterday and went to the Occi
dental.
J. T. Morgan and I. W. Kenwood, two
fortunate Klondikers. have returned from
Dawson and are registered at the Grand.
They came in yesterday on the train from
Seattle.
George W. Angus, a large buyer for one
of the prominent Honolulu business
houses, is at the Occidental, where he ar
rived yesterday from the Australia. He
Is on his way East to make his purchases.
James B. Barneson. father of Captain
Barneson, who attends to the loading of
all the army transports, is at the Occi
dental, where he arrived yesterday from
Port Townsend. He comes to the city for
the purpose of visiting his son.
E. Dickinson, general manager of the
Union Pacific, arrived in the city yester
day afternoon and departed in the even
ing for Castle Crags. His appearance here
is significant of nothing, as he Is on
merely personal business and pleasure.
With him are his son, A. Dickinson, F.
Porter and W. Lawrence.
Brigadier General Charles F. Beebe of
the Oregon National Guard, Colonel Dan
J. Moore, Colonel R. G. Jubets and
Colonel W. D. Mackay are at the Occi
dental, where they arrived yesterday on
a visit of welcome to the returned volun
teers.
Twenty-six of the discharged soldiers
who arrived yesterday on the Indiana are
registered at the Russ. They are unani
mous in their self-gratulatlon at getting
home once more and are .as one in their
disgust of the war and all pertaining to
the army. They report that all the vol
unteers at Manila are anxious to return,
war or no war.
Genera] and Mrs. Charles P. Eagan are
at the Palace, where they arrived yester
day from Honolulu on the Australia. The
general looks very much improved by the
trip that was undertaken with the double
purpose of seeing his son and inspecting
his Hawaiian coffee plantation, lie re
fused to say anything beyond the bars
statement that he had found his trip
satisfactory in every respect and that
after a short stay in this city he intended
leaving for Washington, D. C, where he
would make his future home.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, July 21.— Henry Klellng
Jr. of San Francisco Is at the Marl
trough; C, H. Thornton and wife of Los
Angeles are at the Normandie; Samuel
G. Bowing of San Francisco is at the
Hotel St. Denis.
; CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, July 21.— William A.
Davidson of San Francisco is at the
Raleigh. R. R. Delllson of San Francisco
is at the St. James.
Peanut taffy, best in world. Townsend's.*
A leading feature of San . Francisco—
Townsend's California glace fruits; Site lb;
in fire-etched boxes or Japanese baskets.
627 Market street. Palace Hotel bldg. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
California Lodge Picnic.
California Dodge No. 166, O. 8.A., will
hold Its annual picnic to-morrow In Ger
mania Gardens, Harbor View. Numerous
gate prizes will be awarded and a good
programme of entertainment and dancing
will be offered. ,- ..
No well-reg_lated household should b« with
out Dr. J. G. B. Slegert & Sons' Angostura
Bitters, unequaled a.* on appetizer.
Faded hair recovers lis youthful color aal
softness by the use of Parker'- Hair Baisajc
* 11 un j)__„_.n», mo beat euro lor corns, 15 _■-_MAIL STEAMER
AUSTRALIA HERE
FROM HONOLULU
Cape Nome Diggings
Are Very Rich.
— • —
GOLD IS FOUND IN THE MOSS
— ♦ —
TRANSPORT TARTAR TO SAIL
TO-DAY FOR MANILA.
♦
Bark Northern Light Sprang a Leak
and Had to Return — Steamer
Tai Fu at Vladivostok.
Shipping Notes.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
steamer Australia arrived from Honolulu \
yesterday with sixty-three cabin and
eighty-one steerage passengers. Among
those in the cabin were Mrs. C. T. Mills
of Mills Seminary, Rabbi Levy and Miss j
Levy and General C. P. Eagan and Mrs.
Eagan. Two stowaways also came up on 1
the steamer. They were "Pat M Gin
his and "Rastus" Newman, two boys who
wanted to go to the war. They therefore j
secreted themselves on the transport
Sherman) but were discovered and put
ashore at Honolulu. The Government
took charge of -them and sent them home
on the Australia. Rastus is a colored boy
and says he's going to de war sure.
Captain A. Frietsch of the Coke also
came back on the Australia. Frietsch
built the Coke here and announced that
he was going to sail in her to Honolulu,
thence to Manila and then to New York
via the Suez canal. After leaving here
he ran into some heavy weather and his
boat arly went down. At Honolulu he |
got "cold "feet," sold his boat and took j
passage for home on the Australia.
The cabin passengers were: Miss Zoe ;
Atkinson; George Angus, Mrs. E. F. Ber
ger. Mrs. C. M. Bean, Michael Brother, j
F Barton, Mrs. M. C. Crozier, E. L. Cut
ting. Mrs. P. F. de la V. rgne, Mrs. J. I
Dunn, the Mis Dunn, M. S. Damon,
General and Mrs. C. P. Eagan, C. P.
Easar. Mrs. Francis. Miss E. Francis, ;
Mrs. Gray. Miss R. H. Green. Miss C. P. I
Green. Miss Glorine, J. M. Halstead, J.
Hacket. \V. H. Howard, Miss A. E.
Knapp, R. D. King. Miss Levy. 6. J. Lud- .
wigsen, H. F. Lyons; Mrs. William Mutch :
and trhee children; Mrs. C. T. Mills, C, A.
Macdonald, P. Meigs. D. E. Miles, C. H. |
WJ Norton, B. H. Phillips and wife. Rabbi
Levy, H. A. Russell. S. C. Sayres and ]
wife. A. L. Shaw, wife and sot-.. Miss E. j
Stansbury; Mrs. Stockbridge, Mrs. M. M.
Scott, J. F. Soper, E. P. Shaw, K. Towse,
Mrs. S. G. Wilder. Miss White, Miss Wall,
'G. p. Wilder, Arthur Wall. Dr. Watt.
A. B. Wllli-ms, Frank Wong Leong. Har
ry Mcfarlane and Mrs. H. B. Langley and j
maid.
The transport Tartar will sail to-day for ;
Manila. Two battalions of -he Nineteenth ,
Infantry which are to go in her left Ogden
early yesterday morning and will reach
here" to-night. General "Joe" Wheeler j
will accompany them.
The Cape Nome gold fields are rich. A
letter received from Charles Kimball of
the steamer Albion says the fields are ;
better than the Klondike. The Albion
left here as a tender for the revenue cut
ter that was to carry reindeer ft m the i
Siberian coast to Alaska. On her way
lack from Cape Prince of Wales the Al
bion stopped at Cape Nome and Mr.
Kimball wrote his observations from St. l
Michael to his father. He says the ground
is staked out as far back as the hills and
for fifty miles along the beach. Werking
ln the sand a man can make $5 a day.
Even the moss covering the ground con- ! ■
tains gold. Out of the thousands • of .
claim? located only three are being -
worked, and Mr. Kimball says the:- are
producing $2000 a day. Some of the men
have located from forty to sixty claims '■ ;
and ere is a great deal of "jumping" '
and fighting going on. Nearly all the men | 1
are sailors who have deserted from steam- i
ers and whalers and laborers. Very few | ;
are miners, although many of the "latter j '
were arriving when the Albion left. Snake I :
River is navigable for twenty-five miles
in a small boat. Lumber was selling for |
Jl5O per thousand when th( Albion was j
there. flour for a sack and potatoes at I
12 cents a pound. Other things in pro- I
portion.
The North American Commercial Com
pany's chartered steamer Homer .- due
to-day from St. Michael. She carries a big 1
crowd of returning Klondikers and a lot
of bullion.
Trunk moved. 25c; furniture, pianos, freight.
Signal Transfer Co., 530 Jones: tel. Sutter 441.
In Next
Sunday's Call
**v
A GREAT SENSATION :
THE MYSTERY OF THE
SEWERS.
Discovered by the experiences of MARIAN
WEST, the first wom-m to walk under
the city and through the sewers.
.
AT THE FRENCH BALL.
A viv.d pen picture of its revelries.
CALIFORNIA HOW IT FEELS
HAS TO
A NEW SANDOW. FALL 10,000 FEET.
Two Men of Science Change
Their Opinion as to
Spiritualism. Why?
HOW CALIFORNIA'S LONGEST
TUNNEL WAS BUILT.
The Oddest Suburban Town
In America Is in California.
.
GOLFING IN CALIFORNIA.
The story told by the camera.
The Call-Herald Automobile— The Statue
to Be Erected to Jeff Cay s— The Boers :
Their Peculiar Ways— From Sunday-School to
Comic Opera, b. Hattie Bel Ladd— Blanch
Bates Gives Her ton of Californ .2 Me c
A Whole Strang of Attractive Features
In Next Sunday's CalL
DEATH OF A PIONEER
WHOLESALE GROCER
THOMAS JENNINGS Passes Away at His
Country Seat Near Menlo Park.
ANOTHER of the men who helped to make the history of California
passed away early yesterday morning. Thomas Jennings, the capi
talist, died at his country reside- "Fair Oaks," Menlo Park, of
heart failure following an attack of grip and pneumonia.
Thomas Jennings came here via the Isthmus of Panama early ln
1852. At first he was tempted to go to the mines, but finally decided to settle
down In San Francisco. He joined the wholesale grocery firm of Fonda &
Gray and remained with them for years. Finally he decided to branch out
for himself, and in company with th c late George C. Ludington formed the
firm of Dudington & Jennings.
The rlew firm was a success from the start, and after the copartnership
had existed for years Mr. Ludington decided to go back Bast. Mr. Jennings
bought out his interest and up to about twelve years ago conducted the busi
ness alone. In 1887 Mr. Jennings was a wealthy man. so he decided to retire
from business. A. A. Hooper had beon in his employ for eighteen years and
was very highly thought of by the old gentleman, and as Mr. Jennings' son
George wanted to go Into business a partnership fas formed between Mr.
Hooper and the son, Mr. Jennings turning the whole of his grocery business
over to them. Since that time the firm name has been Hooper & Jennings.
In February last Mr. Jennings was laid up with an attack of the grip.
He got better slowly, and when the family thought he was all right again he
was lid up with a slight attack of pneumonia. AVhen ho rallied from that
he went down to Menlo Park, but his course was run and he passed away
at 5:30 a. m. yesterday from heart failure. The remains were brought up from
Menlo Park on a special train last night and taken to the family residence,
227 Fifteenth street.
Mr. Jennings leaves a widow and two sons and two daughters to mourn
his loss. The sons are George and Thomas Jr. and the daughters Mrs. Paul
F. Kingston and Miss Abigail Jennings. The deceased was 70 years old last
May, so he was only two months over the three score and ten limit.
Town Talk.
The subject of divorce is treated edi
torially in this week's Town Talk, and
there is a story sketched from real life
with the same momentous problem as its
basis. Several bits of clever verse and |
vivacious jokelets besprinkle the pages j
and The Saunterer is as interesting as
usual, telling of Porter Ashe's latest good
fortune; the return of a songbird to Cali
fornia; Edgar Peixotto in the role of a
summer man; the latest feminine fad in
cigarettes; gossip about a prominent
medico; Jabez Swan's latest witticism and
heiresses who are eligible for matrimony (
at Del Monte this season. The Court Re
porter dishes up City Hall news in capable
style, and musical matters are discussed
by Alfred Metzger and Mary Francisco.
Stage productions are treated impartially
and intelligently. "Without a doubt, Town j
Talk is the best of the weeklies, and it is
only 10 cents at all newsdealers. •
» ♦ ■
A rural editor in Georgia, in order to
Increase his subscriptions, makes the I
novel offer of "a cow 1 and a copy of Byron
for fifty cash subscribers."
THE SAT* FRANCISCO CALL.. SATURDAY, JULY 22, 1899.
WAR AMONG
ART SCHOOL
PROFESSORS
Class Division Is the
Cause.
Arthur Matthews, dean of the faculty
of the Hopkins School of Art, has returned
from Europe to quiet the many troubles
•which for some time past have beset the
Institution. During the absence of the
dean the school has suffered a serious de
crease in its profits and it is generally
known among- the^students that there has
been considerable friction between the art
professors and their pupils. The popular
ity of the dean is attested by the fact
that during his administration the school
had in average attendance of at least
103 students, whereas after he left for
Europe the average attendance was re
duced to about eighty. This decrease is
answerable for serious losses to the ex
chequer of the art school. Each pupil
attending the full day course pays $10 a
month. The half-day course costs $7 and
the night course $3 a month. From these
tuition fees the school calculates its
profits. •
When Dean Matthews left for Europe
several months ago John Stanton was
given charge of affairs. The temporary
change seemed to have he effect of en
gendering considerable friction between
the teachers. Each one was ambitious to
have the largest following of students,
and the rivalry became so acute that
man. discords arose. The trustees took
the matter in hand at last and to abolish
the causes of the inharmony altered the
course of study so as to let out one or
two teachers involved In the war of pop
ularity. This step was considered essen
tial to maintain the school's prestige and
increase Its profits. The earnings of the
institution for the year ended about the
time Mr. Matthews went away were $1000.
The loss thereafter caused by the de
crease of students has amounted to about
$600. ' -; . - ■'.- .- ■.-:.
According to the new arrangement de
cided upon by the trustees, Mr. Matthews
will continue as dean of the disturbed
faculty and the courses have been so
changed thai Harry Fonda, teacher of the
life class, lias been left without a func
tion. John Mai, resigns the manage
ment of tie school in favor of Mr. Mat
thews nd takes charge of the prepara
tory antique class. R. D. Yelland will
have the lass of sketching and perspec
tive. A night class will meet on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Fridays of each week
under the direction of Charles Judson.
Miss Alice Chittenden will have the Sat
urday classes in antique and portrait
work; Douglass Tilden will have the
modeling class and the dean will continue
to teach the class of life and still life.
The school will reopen under these new
conditions on August 7.
Dean Matthews was seen yesterday rel
ative to the troubles which have con
cerned the school during his absence, lie
refused to enter into any. statement of
them, excepting to say that whatever
friction' there might have been would be
thoroughly dissipated by him when the
next school year commenced.
"I have heard In a general way," said
Mr. Matthews, "that differences have
arisen during my absence between teach
ers over the division of the students in
the various classes, and l believe that the
profits of the school have decreased. •• I
intend to settle all these disputes among'
the faculty, and I think the new course
of study will help me in the work. My
only ambition is to see the school pro
gress and answer all the requirements of
a modern art school. I do not intend to
permit any friction to exist, and I sin
cerely hope that all the troubles of the
institution have been* settled. I take
pleasure In saying one thing about my
trip to Europe which shows that the work
of the Hopkins School is bearing satis
factory results. "While in Paris I met
many old pupils of the school who were
pursuing their studies there." .-■-';.= •;,; :-->.
A vigorous effort, will be made during
the next school year to Increase the earn
ings of tho institution by reclaiming those
students who discontinued their work as
a result of the internecine rows among
the teachers, and with the reopening it
is expected the warring factions In the
faculty will bury the hatchet and unite
in teaching the young Idea how to paint
to the exclusion of personal animosities
and ambitions.
CROWDS OUT TO
SEE THE OREGON
MEN ON PARADE
A Military Event at
the Presidio.
— ♦— —
REVIEWED BY GENERAL BEEBE
— — ■
OREGON'S HIGHEST MILITIA
OFFICER VISITS THE BOYS.
♦
Peculiar and Unexplained Fizzle of
the Examiner's Overcoat and
Self -Advertising Factory.
No More Coats. .
THE Examiner's donation of
promises of extra clothing
continues on the same
magnificent lines upon
which it started. The receipts
of clothing yesterday by the reg
imental quartermaster were as
follows:
Overcoats ..... O
Blankets . . . . . O
There appears to be a case of
cold feet still unattended to, not
at the camp, but in the Exam
iner office. The Examiner may
be using the remainder of its
hundreds of overcoats to keep
itself warm, but it might be well
to remind the paper that there
have been applications for sev
enty-two overcoats. After the
thirty of the Red Cross Society
and the princely eight it bun
koed out of General Warfield
there are still thirty-four _o be
supplied. The Examiner's haste
to supply these is strongly sug
gestive of the iceman.
One thousand strong the Oregon volun
teers held dress parade at the Presidio
last evening. They made as fine a body
of men as ever turned out at the post,
and being clothed in their khaki uni
forms they added a new feature to the
time-honored ceremony. Following the
dress parade was a review tendered to
Brigadier General Charles F. Beebe, com
manding the Oregon National Guard, who,
with three of his staff, had come down
from the north to see the regiment be
fore It would be mustered out of the serv
ice. *•
The dress parade was held at retreat.
At half-past 5 o'clock the bugles brought
the men into line in the company streets
and then the regiment "was marched over
to the infantry parade ground, where it
was formed in line of battalions, each
battalion being in close column of com
panies. The parade ground was almost
surrounded by the crowd which had
waited through the greater part of the
afternoon for the ceremony. It had been
announced that the regiment would par
ade some time after noon, and not to be
late, the people began coming from 1 '
o'clock on. They hung around the camp
until half-past 5. and then, following after I
the troops, they made their way over to ;
the parade ground.
There was nothing particular about the ■
ceremony except the appearance of the >
regiment, which could not well have been
improved upon, although Colonel Sum- j
mers said after it was over, "We will do !
it much better next time." A feature of
the parade was the manual of arms exe
cuted by the regiment. There was a
swing and a dasn to it which only ex
perience in the held can bring. The men
Handled their rifles as if they were used
to them and at every change of position
a thousand flashes of sunlight from as
many gun barrels told how nearly as one
the regiment moved. Retreat was sound- ■
ed by the regimental bugle corps,- and j
then the band commence- the ' "Star-
Spangled Banner." .As the first notes
were caught up- by the breeze the Hag j
fluttering at the truck of the tall start
near the guardhouse started slowly down, j
land the men in the crowd, civilians as
well as soldier on-lookers from the post, j
i bared their heads until the music ceased
I and .he nag had been lowered.
General Beebe, O. N. G. ; Major D. J.
Moore, brigade commissary, O. N. G.;
Major R. G. Jubitz, brigade inspector, O. j
N. G., and Captain W. B. Mackay, aid,
O. N. G., were upon the field and at tne
conclusion of the dress parade the gen
! eral and his staff officers took their places
I opposite the center of the regiment. The
order to pass in review was given and
the regiment swung down the parade
i ground and then turning came past the
' reviewing officers, company front, and )
walking with the full, free, easy tread j
of old campaigners. It was a beautiful j
sight. • ,;
The review ended the regiment's duty,
and the companies were marched back to
camp again and' were disbanded at once.
Geneial Beebe expressed the greatest
plasure over the appearance of tne regi- !
ment. He said he was surprised to find tne
men so comfortable and the camp in such
I good condition. Many of the men he knew
personally; and he spent a good part of i
the day going around the tents seeing the i
old guardsmen who were coming nome j
veterans. :'tf-'-' 'tf.-tf '"••'"
Just as the Oregon, regiment was com- !
ing Into line on the parade ground last |
evening and while recruits and regulars
made up a good half of the crowd that ;
blocked the roadway the fire call came
sharply from the guardhouse and inure j
was a rapid scamper of every beleggined j
and blue-coated spectator to his place in :
tire quarters. It turned out to be only a j
grass tire near the pumphouse, however, j
and the first few arrivals put it out with
out damage or loss of time. .Then all J
went back to criticize the parade.
Upon the recommendation of the chief j
surgeon of the department Private Bruce ;
D. Gill, hospital corps, United State 3 i
! army, now at the United States general
| hospital. Presidio of San Francisco, Cal.,
! will be sent on the 2-lih Inst, to report ;
to Captain George O. Cress, Fourth Cav
airy on the transport Tacoma, for duty
I on that ship during the voyage to Ma
! nila; Philippine Islands, and return to this
! city. '-■
Acting Assistant Surgeon Hyman M. !
j Cohen, U. S. A., now at the general- hos- j
pital at the Presidio, has been assigned j
to duty as attending surgeon at Port
W Infield Scott in addition to his other j
I duties. ''■■"•;. ' - •"• U i
Leave of absence for ten days has been
granted Major W. • S. H. Matthews,
brigade surgeon, U. S. V.
Fight troops of the Third Cavalry have
' been ordered to Manila, and all of them
i will probably pass through here on their
way to the Islands within a month. They j
will come from Fort' Ethan Allen and
i Fort Sheridan.
The following letter has been forwarded j
to Chairman Alfred F. Morgenstern of
the committee of Native Sons and Native
■Daughters of the Golden West by the
Mechanics' institute:
SAN -FRANCISCO, July 21. 1599.
Committee of Native Sons and Daughters ln
Charge of Medal Fund for California Volun
teers—Ladles and Gentlemen: Last week, much
'against our wishes, we were* obliged to decline
tc grant the use of the Pavilion to your com
. mittee for some date In August for a reception
to the returning California volunteers. It has
i since occurred to us that If your committee
I does not make any other arrangements we
; would be greatly pleased if we can arrange
i with you to have the distribution of the medals
! to our California volunteers take place at our
I fair. The fair runs from September 2 to Octo
i ber 7 next, and our idea would be to have a
i special night devoted to our soldier boys and
to make the distribution of the medals the
] great feature of the evening. The main aisle of
i the fair ls twenty-five feet wide and over 300
feet long, and the regiment could be drawn up
| along the aisle and after appropriate cere- j
: monies the medals could be presented.
We think that by the co-operation of your I
■ committee with us the matter could be ar
ranged ln a manner satisfactory and creditable ■
to all. . >•.■„-> ■::•;:..■>,
We would be pleased to have a conference
with a committee from your committee on this
matter at any time that can be convenlently
arranged. Yours very truly,
JOSEPH M. CUMMING, Secretary.
WANT SOLDIERS
TO GO HOME TO
MUSTER OUT
Sentiment of the La
bor Council.
— ♦ —
MAY CROWD LABOR MARKET
— — ♦ —
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE TO
TAKE ACTION.
■ ♦
It Is Believed That This Is to the
Best Interests of the Volunteers.
Regular Semi - Annual
Nominations Held.
. Under the head of "Good of the Order"
last night members of the San Francisco
Labor Council expressed their disapproval
of having returned volunteer soldiers
mustered out in San Francisco. The chief
reasons given were that the men would
be paid off in this city, would spend their
money here and then, finding themselves
stranded, would either be dependent upon
the charity of the community, driven to
starvation and thence back into the
ranks, or forced into the ranks of labor,
where necessity would cause them to take
work at any wages offered.
The ball was set rolling by Andrew Fu
ruseth of the Sailors' Union. He said:
"The Oregon regiment has elected to be
mustered out here and this brings us face
to face with a serious question, If the
men from Oregon have chosen to say
farewell to army life in this city, the
chances are that other soldiers will fol
low their course. it is a long distance
from the Pacific Coast to the Mississippi
River. When the men who have been
suffering privation In the Philippine Isl
ands for months receive money in a civil
ized city, their first impulse will be to
spend It. ln the course of a few weeks
the majority of them will be penniless
an.l San Francisco, which has profited
for a season from the soldiers, will find
Itself called upon to support them. Ihe
railroad is chary of giving transportation,
Darticularly East. What, then, will be
come of these men? All trades are rep
resented among them, and they are men
who will work for anything rather than
starve or beg. This is a serious question.
We cannot have the ranks of labor aug
mented by starving and penniless men,
and it is our duty to see that proper steps
are taken toward having them mustered
out in their home towns.''
Other members of the council spoke
along the same lines. Secretary Rosen
berg claimed that the whole thing was a
scheme to force the discharged and pen
niless soldiers back into the army in or
der that there would be no difficulty in
organizing a sufficient force to carry on
an apparently endless war in the Philip
pines " He said that both the administra
tion and officers of the army were conniv
ing to this end and that the men were be
ing prompted to choose San Francisco as
th.- mustering out place by their superi
ors The whole matter was finally placed
in the hands of the executive committee,
and the suggestion was made that a cir
cular be addressed to the Governors of
the various States requesting them to lay
the whole matter before their respective
troops and urge the men to come, noma
L. be mustered out.
Nominations for the regular semi-an
nual election of officers to be held next
week resulted as follows: For president—
J W. Lament, Fred Westcott. A. Dijeau;
vice president— E. L. Clapp. P. J. Diets,
Henry Meyer; secretary, Ed Rosenberg;
financial secretary. C. H. Parker; treas
urer Ernest Koenlg; sergeant at arms,
M Quinn: executive committee— W. H.
Goff M. Monahan. P. Davis, Ed Rosen
berg, Ernest Koenlg, August Iten, J. T.
McAullffe; organizing committee— A. R.
Andre. H. Myers, W. H. Goff, M. Mona
han A Oberfeld; law and legislative
committee— W. J. McArthur, C. H. Par
ker J. K. Phillips. C. Schuppert, J. Gas
ner J T. McAuliffe; trustees— P. J.
Diets, P. Brown, W. J. McArthur.
Beautiful Women.
Every woman rhould have the beauty, vi
vacity and vigor of perfect health. A strong
stomach Is the first essential to physical beauty
In either man or woman. Nine-tenths of the
sickness of the human race ?omet from weak
digestion. Thousands of people, after years of
discouragement, have tried Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters and regained their health. There Is
nothing like it for the cure of stomach
troubles. See that a private revenue stamp
covers the neck of the bottle.
! 000000000000000000
. *-.»«* PALACE -**•■>•*- 2
° GRAND hotels
_ SAN FRANCISCO. Q
" Connected by a covered passageway. w
O 1400 Room*— 9oo v.: h lath Attached. ©
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PBICEf*: O
O European Plan. IM.OO per day and upward O
n American Plan. s3:oo per day and upward n
" Correspondence Solicited. W
O JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. O
000000000000000000
; --, —
3 visit DR, JORDAN'S great }
*MiiSEU„I OF ANATOMY^
0 __B ---- liA *- 2s _ ST. ■**■ B**?*. s.r.c-1. A ,
T Cj he *- ar * Anatomical Museum in the \ \
m J^jte^ World Weaknesses ur any contracted m \
J^J^SaJ disease p-r**»ti»«-lj-«-or©<li*y the oldest W
9 #jS? §3 1 Specialist c a the Coast Est. 36 years- Q 1
$ fl_3_?iS DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
> m 'SSB&S Consultation free and strictly private' _
A I jKw; 3 Tr« itmcnt personally or by letter. A ff
fa W yITI P o '" ve <*""« ' : ' every case undertaken. W ;
AF I Hlft Writefor*Boolc.PHll.O-if»l>UVer_|
V 1 * II *_*HBI»CF„ MAILED FREE. (A™ !
A (i II valuable bo * for men) a I
9 f>K JORDAN A«*o . 1051 Market St., S.F. W
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aDO NOT DESPAIR! Do not Suf- i
fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of j
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of Nervoun Debility ara
absolutely cured by "PEKFECTO
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, failing memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of ear'y years.
Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give >_n^ bloom to tho
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of L_**fY\younnr or old. ,
One 60c box renews vital energy. I__l__l6 boxes at
«_■ 50 a complete guaranteed cu re T "****2jTv'or money re-
funded. Can he carried in vest " *•_» pocket. Sold ,
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vice by THE PBRFEtTO CO.. Carton Bit;.. Cnicigo, lU.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. BaJdwln Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two atorea). Cirant Drug Co.. tn
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
O^^Sk- ELECTRIC BELTS
_^Rj^g_JL'_^'_^; , Prices from {3 50 to
jkfgfP^\^\<-'r'^ ■ r _ '25- Largest manu-
HtS_^ -. N " '/VSJJ facturers in the Uni-
, wT|*'SjC»*^__j_j-agfrf» ted States. No Quacks
7*B^s||S^^|3_Sli_zl^ connected with this
0 )^&^UtW^"^^f\ establishment.
' 'C* . 1^" For particular*. , .
]J^JS= call or* Fend Jc ln
J7Y*<. Ftamps for "Booklet
..*'., No. 2." Addreaa -•;
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St,.
Opposite Palace Hotel. 3. V.
§DR. MEYERS &CO . §
f StSr^^w\ Cure all Disease and Wea'*- 12
/Of j \ ress of Man. Established 18 I
1 75l -wsft I years. Pa '' wren cured. w
JV I Home cures a specialty. Free jfl
book for men. Call or write Ej
'• ' 731 MARKET ST., S.F. kj
\4 -_SB_V/ Elevator entrance. B
UnlL 5c. eam Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
i strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
ADVEBTIS______TS. *» JJ 4TO P|
ABSOLUTE^ security.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /-^U^^_^
Tery small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SFF !r*AD"rrD , cl FOR headache. SFF
3EE CARTERS FOR DIIZIMESS. 3LC
, rrm . SBITTLF. FOR BIUOUSMESS. ,-.-_TTT__*-ri
GENUINE f VER FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
ll PILLS FOR CONSTIPATIOH.
wrapper JL-l " for sallow sxis. , wrapper
VT-_A_Ti.K !^g^i IFOR THE CQMPLEXIOa " KArrCtt
. 5 cants I Pnrory Te^taLl-v<--%-^^^_.
g__w__at__wM-i
■'Fi^iiTT-e.iD ON _£,:____> i 3 -__.p ,^:_^.''
Hotel Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63d STREET, NEW YORK CITY. I
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE j
OF ITS CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library of choice literature hag
Just been added. . tf' :
ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING,
Delightfully and Conveniently Located, within '
ten minutes of the Amusement and Shopping
Centers.
RATES MODERATE.
American and European Plans.
Write for oar book. "The Empire Illustrated. '
and other particulars.
W. JOHNSON QUINN, Pro rietor.
I A GENUINE REDUCTION SALE! 1
mn. On account of having |
MM ■ closed up my Sacra- I
i iTr mento branch store I i|
U offer to my patrons and g|
jtyjak. the public in general I
__M*2_\ J 5OOO worth of woolens, fcl
MffigZgA which I wish to turn into jS
: -SP-— _R_l ca9 t* before my fall and ||
' _M©££*-iJ_f_l winter stock comes ln. P
C^_K__-_r *^ £ *** P rices in the window. I
tOn account of having 1
clr^s^d up my Sacra-
mento branch store I
offer to my patrons and
the public ln general
$5000 worth of woolens.
which I wish to turn lnt i
cash before my fall and
winter stock comes ln.
See prices in the window.
JOE POHEIM,
J*__!_l THE TAILOR. H
H&W 201-203 Montgomery st., H
Ifltl IHO-1112 Market St., I
San Francisco.
|J X 486 Fourteenth St.. Oak- ||
■•"W :$ -<j k I**'* South Spring St.. B
Los Angeles, Cal.
_________s!i^™"""^^5 1 1
/^**V LADIES do you raw
F _a#*T DR. FELIX LE BRUM'S
*) Steel 1 Pennyroyal Treatment
I 3 is the original and only FRENCH.
I r safe and reliable enre on the mar*
y -"Xket. Price, $1.00; sent by _uL
& \ Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agents, I
21* Kearny St.. San Francisco. ,
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF THE
Gorgeous Burlesque,
"BLUE BEARD"
LET THE CHILDREN ENJOY THE MATI-
NEE TO-DAY!'.
NEXT WEEK— THE COMIC OPERA,
"YA/MNG."
Last Appearance of EDWIN STEVENS.
EXTRA— July 31, opening of the
GRAND OPERA SEASON. Watch for full
particulars in the daily papers.
POPULAR PRICES. ..2Sc and 50c
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
'ALCAZAR"
PHONE Main 254.
■
MATINEE TO-DAY %
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In the Strong Emotional Play
"THE NEW MAGDALEN,"
Supported by
WHITE WHITTLESEY, MAT NANNARY and
• the ALCAZAR COMPANY.
15c, 25c, F^^ s 35c, 50c.
FAREWELL PERFORMANCE of
LEWIS MORRISON in FAUST.
CHUTES _AND ZOO
ON FREE EXHIBITION
ORANG-OUTANG
THE ONLY ONE ALIVE IN THIS COUNTRY j
TO-DAY.
CHILDREN'S DAY!
Concessions Free to Children,
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
BASEBALL !
—
San Francisco
vs.
Oakland.
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M.
SUNDAY AT2.-30 P. M.
recreatTon park,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
\'/ GENERAL ADMISSION. 25 CENTS
: LADIES ADMITTED FREE TO GRAND
STAND.
GLENJ>ARK.
. ...THIS SUNDAY, JULY 23...
IN FREE THEATER,
FLEMIN AND WARD,
In a Laughable Sketch.
THE modern giants,
THE MORRISES, IN feats OF STRENGTH.
LA JESS and CUNNINGHAM,
• The Contortionists.
MAE COLBURN, Singing Soubrette.
amatelj-Tdayi
Singing, Dancing, Recitations, all by amateurs.
ADMISSION 10c-
AMUSEMENTS.
%a*s&Bsssfc»
MATINEE TO-DAT (SATURDAT), July 21.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; C_il_e_,
10c, any part. _
NEW FACES, NEW ATTRACTIONS
KILPATRICH AND BARBER.
LES BROWNS.
• HOUDINI,
MINNIE PALMER «_ CO.,
GEORGE WILSON,
THE RIXFORDS,
MILLIAN AND SHIELDS,
THE PASQUALIS,
HAVES AND LYTTON.
COLUMBIA
Charles Frohman Presents
Mr, HENRY MILLER
And A SPECIAL COMPANY-
LAST 8 TIMES-MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT.
LORD AND LADY ALGY
R. C. Carton's Brilliant Comedy.
Beg. NEXT MONDAY— I "Week Only
Brilliant Revival of
HEARTSEASE.
HENRY MILLER as ERIC TEMPLE. s
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. FRIEDLANDER, Manager.
COME, SEE THE CRUSH TO-DAY!
2000 Peorle Will Crowd the Matlne*.
Only Three More Performances of
THE DANCING GIRL
BY
; MISS BLANCHE BATES
AND COMPANY OF PLAYERS
Presented by T. DANIEL FRAWLEY.
I Seats on Sale Now For the Great Production of
I __>/*•- me SANS GENE."
; COMMENCING MONDAY EVENING. July 24.
RESERVED SEATS. 25c. 50c, 75c and $_.
MATINEE, 25c. 50c and 75c.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MOROSCO AMUSEMENT cO. (Inc.), Lessee.
ANOTHER BRILLIANT SUCCESS
ALL THIS WEEK.
Costly and Beautiful Production of Audran's
Delightful Comic Opera.
"OLIVETTE"
ORCHESTRA FLOOR. Reserved. Jso aad Eta.
DRESS CIRCLE. Reserved. -Be
FAMILY CIRCLE. Reserved, 16c
GALLERY. 10c.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
At the Matinees the Best Reserved Seat can be
purchased for 25c. Family Circle 15c.
Gallery 10c.
Telephone Main 632.
NEXT 'WEEK— "FAUST" fin English).
LAST. MATINEE AND NIGHT
of the Great International
CAKE WALK CARNIVAL!
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Several Championship Contests Concluded.
Great Electric Cake Walk; Funny Grotesque
and Chinese Cake Walk; Miss Pearl Hickman
in Irish Jigs and Reels; Steward and Cole in
a Challenge Contest Walk; Parade of All the
Winners in the Carnival; Great Walk Around
Cake Walk: 200 Cake Walkers in It; Social
Dance until 12 O'clock; Open to the Public:
Buck and Win/-; Champion Contest: 20 Entries;
I Juvenile Cake Walk: Great Closing Night Pro-
> gram: Don't Miss it; Pavilion Box Office Re-
served Sea* Sale Open 9:30 To-day and Con-
! tinues All Day: Box and Reserved Seats on
; Pale al.*o at Emporium and Hale Bros. : The
Big Cake Will Be Cut and Divided Among the
Ladies this Afternoon.
ADMISSION, 25c; CHILDREN, $10.
UNION CODRSINfi PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
July 22 and 23.
RECORD BREAKING EVENTS.
PUPPY AND RESERVE STAKES
NOMINATIONS—
! $1220- TOTAL PRIZE MONEY— SI22O
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets Saturday,
1 9:15 a. m. and 12:55 p. m.; Sunday, 10:15 a. m..
11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-fifth and
■ Valencia streets five minutes later. Returning
from Park Immediately after last course. Ex-
; tra train from Park on Sunday, at 4:45 p. m.
San Mateo Electric cars every ten minutes.
■ ADMISSION 25c. Ladles Free
i POPULAR FAMILY EXCURSION
santaTcruz
SUNDAY, JULY 23.
{ Personally conducted by Mr. WM. H. MEN-
. TON, Excursion Passenger Agent Southern
Pacific Company.
_^"i!_l-gll^^___^_,:^^_s^
ONLY fife FOR THE
V \^ ROUND
_-_-§-' TRIP
FIVE HOURS AT THE SEASIDE.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS IN CAMP.
Leave ferry landing, foot of Market st., 7:45
j a. m., returning arrive San Francisco at 8:05
p. m. Tickets on sale 20th. 21st and 22d at
j Grand Hotel Ticket Offlce, 613 Market street,
i and on the morning of 23.1 at Ferry.
E. O. McCORMICK, Pass. Traffic Mgr.
T. H. GOODMAN. Gen. Pass Agent.
CONCEBTS AND RESOKTS.
Rf_t_"le '
UCI *• *»_^^ Those who were there
- ray the Panorama Is a
1 _r*v*ip correct representation.
, til Lectures by Prof W.
O. ROLLINS after-
It/I —^ __ S 1 _— - . noonß and evenings.
iTianiiß m*""* *v. nr - s!5 hth
Admission. aOc
■3 • Children. 25c
Bay:
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
open DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 p. M.
BATHING from 7 A. M. TO 10:30 p. M.
ADMISSION. lOC. '■ CHILDREN. 5o
Bathing, including admission, Jac; C_U-
* Area. 20c
78
SHOOTING IS
EXCELLENT IN
MANY COUNTIES
GOOD RETURNS REPORTED
Both Deer and Dove; Are Plenti
ful, Being Scattered All
Over the Country.
The sportsmen who have gone In quest
of deer and doves have returned delighted
with the sport they enjoyed at the onen-
Ir.g of the season. Deer have been killed
within a short distance of this city, while
doves are. from appearances, scattered
all over the State. '..v. are still nest
ing In the fruit orchards and grain fields.
A we'd known gunman is authority for
the statement that there should be no
shooting until the middle of August, thus
giving the young birds a chance to de
velop
Conditions differ in various parts of the
State, the birds maturing early in some
places. For this reason it would be diffi I
cult to frame a law giving the desired
relief. The gardeners up the river are
charged with being the most inveterate
violators of the game laws. They are
accused of shooting doves, quail and
ducks whenever the opportunity 'presents
itself.
W. F. Roed< of this city is In the Santa
Cruz Mountains with a party of friends
and is enjoying exciting sport. In a let
ter to a friend he says:
We are at Camp . -cnt in the moun
tains, six miles back of star-gents Station.
The weather has been windy and foggy
early in the morning, tin the 15th, the first
day out, we had excellent sport, securing
two deer. On the 16th, we killed another.
To-day (Monday) we are taking matters
easy ln camp, as we all feel tlie effects uf
our work iti the field. We have a number
of good shots in our party and have a
pack of twenty dogs in all.
As usual, there are several funmakers in
the camp, who are always jobbing some
lie. They make matters Nolan. with
•actieal jokes. The party includes:
William P. Koeder and Joe Nolan. Pan
rancisco; Elmer Itea an.l George Milias,
ilroy; J.- A. Sargent, Kargents; Edward
cc. and George Lowery, San Jose, and
In Phillips Holllster. We have a cook
id two men to look after the horses, of
hlch we each have one
[. Riclefsori and George Dennis killed
y-eight doves on the opening day of
" season in San Ramon *. alley,
harles Precht and friend secured sixty
ds at Glen Ellen on the IGth Inst,
eorge Cook opened he season at Ken
ijil, getting a splendid hag of doves.
>>'. H. Garnett; V* . D. Petersen; VV. H.
Duke and Dean Duke were in the fleld at
Scotts Canyon, above Winters in i'olo
County. The aggregate bag was 251
Will Hay goes to Cordelia to-day for
doves, having heard excellent reports as
to the sport offered here.
"Jim" Markland. Thomas Cleary, Lloyd
Eaton. Charles Dietz and Tom Casey are
spending a fortnight at Smith's Ranch,
thirty miles from Cloverdale. On the
opening day of the season they killed a
121-pound buck. Many .lokes have been
played on good natured "Jim' Markland.
When the party It ft here Lloyd Baton
took some blank cartridges with him and
has been instructing Markland at target
practice. The latter has not been able
to hit the target yet and is afraid he
-will never become a crack shot. His
friends tried to awaken him from slumber
recently, but "Jim" would not move.
They finally put a hare, long since dead,
alongside m. This did not have an im
mediate effect, but when countless thou
sands of flies attacked the hare and "■Jim"
the latter was very much awake.
Theodore Kytka; '.in photographer, is
on the Russian River, and will divide his
time between fishing and shooting.
T. li. B. Varney of the Olympic Gun
Club is at Catalina island. He will fish
for tarpon and will also try to kill a wild
goat. Len D. Owens, also of the Olympic
Club, killed two dozen doves near Peta
luma on the loth inst.
After spending a lay at the Rodgers
Ranch, the deer preserve of the Olympic-
Gun Club; a number of the members went
to Petaluma in quest of doves. One party
included .1. J. Wirtner, V. B. Surryhne
and J. Homer Fritch. In all they bagged I
nine dozen doves.
Dr. Fehleisen of the Olympics has a
hard luck story to tell. A deer passed |
within a hundred yards nt" him. At the j
time the medico's rifle was securely
strapped to bis back, and before it was
ready for action the deer had escaped.
Dr. 11. S. Smith left on Thursday for
the Rodgers Ranch to test his skill on
the deer. Dr. A. T. Derby and Mr. Sur- ■
ryhne leave to-day for ban Ramon for
doves.
F. VV. Mason had a successful shoot at
Cordelia, securing thirty-nine loves as j
the result of the day In the ■tf..
The Olympic Gun Club's last blue rock
shoot of' the season will I"- held on its j
Ingleside grounds to-morrow. On the last |
Sunday in the month •-:'■ members of the
Union Gun Club will hold their annual (
HOW SOME OF
THE HO RSEMEN
ARE FARING
Reports of the successes or failures of .
California bookmakers on : he far Easten
turf are conflicting". A horseman writes j
from St. Louis "that he hears George j
Rose Is making one of the biggest books']
on the New York tracks, handling nearly j
$40,fnJO a day.' The same correspondent
reports the penciler as "about holding his ]
own." Other sources have Rose down as I
an extensive loser. "English Bill" .' '."'.*- j
man is said to be $10,000 to. the good. Bill |
is Indulging in no plunging. Phil Archl- j
bald at last accounts «'■ skimming' along j
•with all sails set, c light winner. i
Jockey Joe Piggott has developed into j
quite a bettor. He is a steady frequenter j
of the betting ring at St. Louis these j
days, betting $50 or more on the hot pan
cakes from the paddockJ Joe has a very
healthy looking bank account, but if he :
has started out to be a plunger he will
soon separate himself from it.
In speaking of Jenkins, now riding with
such marked succers at St. Louis, the
turf writers of tho Mound City lay much
-it ress on the fact that tho boy was "de
veloned by Dan Honlg." As a matter of
fact" Jenkins has nobody to thank, it be- |
ing his own indefatigable j.-r.-. --.-■
;.i:d pluck that sent him up the ladder.
Coming to California some three years
ago with the Honig stable the lad was
Pivcn an occasional mount, the stable be-"
\ careful to let the horse run unbacked,
•.'.•ur ago last winter, while at the post
'Collins at Ingleside, Caidweil lmpu.sed
<*■■*• fine, and it was not until the spring
•i ting of* 1899 wore the dog-ears of ad
ancing age that Jenkins had saved
enough coin to lift the suspension. Then
he was an unknown quantity. Now ho
could raise that amount of money in a
m_s'*'«. Probably Ilonlg's "developing" j
DOLPHINS TO
GIVE A DAY OF
AQUATIC SPORT
MANY MEN IN TRAINING
Barge Cr.-ws and Single
ScuUcrs Are Preparing* for
Astoria.
At a meeting of the Dolphin Swimming
and Boating Club held last Wednesday
evening the following officers were In
stalled: Fred W. Woernner, president;
Elkon Coney, vice president; J. S. Earls,
recording secretary; Frank C. Staib,
financial secretary; Adam L. Schuppert.
treasurer; Lester Hammersmith, ser
geant at ms; T. J. Sullivan. captain;
George Baker, lieutenant captain; W. L.
Bush. Al Micheletti . and C. T. Roach,
trustees. The foregoing will hold office
for six months. The executive commit
tee was elected at the beginning of the
year and holds office for twelve months.
Its members are C. M. Farrell and \V. O. j
Patch.
A new office, that of coach and instruc- |
tor, was created and conferred on VV*. O. J
Patch, In recognition of his experience
in rowing and his readiness to take new j
crews and single scullers in hand and
give them the benefit of ids knowledge, -
"VV. O. Patch has probably devoted more
attention to the theory of rowing than
any of the local oarsmen, having read
with care the book on rowing and sculling
written by "A*. B. VVoodgate of Brasenose j
College, Oxford, who was a well known |
Oxford University oarsman, and won the :
diamond and Wingneld sculls at Henley ,
regatta on several occasions.
T. J. Sullivan, the new captain of the I
Dolphins, has been a member of the club
for several years, and has filled the offlce j
of president. He is enthusiastic and has :
promised to get together a junior barge
crew for the championship races. The
most likely candidates for places in the
crew an F. \V. Woernner. Frank Mc-
Elrath. Harry Herbert, T. J. Kennedy,
Dr. Bacigalupi and E. Convey. Harry
Herbert, a good swimmer and fond of
rowing, was elected to membership.
The much-talked-of Ladies' day will be
held on the 30th Inst, and great efforts
will be made to render it successful. One
of the principal events will be the second
race for the diamond medal between Dr. !
F. R. Sexton nd. George Baker, the hold
er. Another resting event will be the
international barge race between Irish.
German and Italian crews. The Hiber
nian crew will consist of E. Sullivan, bow; !
C. M. Farrell, No. 2: VV. O. Patch, No. 3;
T. J. Kennedy, stroke; and J. S. Earls.
cockswain. The Teutonic aggregation will j
be J. 1. ai1., bow; W. Schumacher, No. 2:
F. YV. Woernner, No. 3; A. W. Pape,
stroke; and Adam Schuppert, cocks**
The Macaroni four will be the Sbarboro |
brothers, Dr. Bacigalupi and Al .Miehel
etti. In last year's International struggle
the Hibernians defeated the Germans.
There will he a 200-yard swimming race
for a medal offered by A. P. Rothkopf.
An outrigged skiff race will take place
between Dr. Pless of the Ariels and T.
M. Ferguson of the Dolphins, a dinner to |
be given by the loser to the delegates j
from the rowing clubs to the Pacific Asso
elation: T. M. Ferguson is a native of
Toronto, Canada, from which city also
hail President P. J. Enright of the Ariels
and William McAusland, the well-known
sculler.
The committee having the arrangements |
for Ladles' day in charge consists of W. i
O. Patch (chairman), T. J. Sullivan, A.
W. Pape; 'J". J. Kennedy and Lester Ham- !
mersmith. The swimming events will be
In charge of Elkon Coney, swimming in
structor, who will give an exhibition in
Action with his pupil, J. S. Earls.
Victor i aglieri, formerly bow of the ■
Dolphin intermediate barge crew, has re
signed from the club. It is understood
he will join the Pioneers.
The South End oarsmen are looking for
ward to the Astoria regatta. The "Mid- |
gets," with R. McArthur at stroke and ;
M. J. Breen at bow, were out last Sunday;
and Dr. C. C. Dennis, J. Foley, R. Mc- j
Arthur and M. J. Rreen are practicing
regularly In skiffs. The Astoria commit- I
te* will pay transportation both ways, but
not hotel bills, for the San Francisco
crews. The committee can get several j
northern crews on these terms. George
Baker; the Dolphin skiff man. cannot go
to Astoria, ami it is doubtful whether any j
swimmers except H. A. Wideroann . and
M. F. Brewer will go. Hay Fryer and F. i
VVaggenhauser of the University of Cali
fornia crew have gone to their homes,
but will i. -turn in time to train for Asto
ria if they can obtain the use of a suit- j
able boat. Efforts are now being made to
secure the Stockton barge for their use. '
Ex-Governor Budd is lending his assist- j
ance in the matter, as is also John fl.
Hud.!, a Regent of the University.
S. J. Pembroke; who represents tie- As
toria officials in this city; Is rapidly per
fecting arrangements for the trip. Only
three barge crews will go from here. The
Alamedas and the University crew are al
ready selected, while the third will repre
sent the South Ends, Ariels or Pioneers.
In order to determine which 'shall go a
race will be held over the Long Bridge
course two weeks from to-morrow. The
winning crew will be Bent north.
consisted in telling Jenkins to be careful :
of his coin and make good the fine.
Report says. "Tommy Burns will ride
In California next winter." It will be cdi- |
fying to native habitues of the turf to
know thai Tommy is a very frolicsome
young man. fond of diamonds as large as
a Jelly doughnut and a great admirer of
soubrettes In general. He Is generally i
allotted top-weight In the "moonlight j
handicaps" around St. Louis, and race
after race fails to land a favorite in front. ,
Joe McCarthy Is training the horses
owned by Walter Hobart, and it would;
seem no wiser selection could be made,
Joe has had years of experience and the
thoroughbreds at Hobart Farm begin to
show the mark.- of his handiwork.
. Joe Rose, at present booking at St.
I^.uis. leaves that city to-day for New
fork. The game there is very light, a I
plunger Ing a rarity.
Barney Schrelber will race some horses
at Saratoga and Eddie Jones will do his
riding.
They are getting pretty well poured on
the jumping horse game in the Eastern
country, and one turfman proposes tnat I
a day be set apart for this sort of sport,
when no fint races should be given. This
seems a very sensible suggestion, for no
doubt the different . railroads conveying !
passengers to and from the tracks could
be induced to make special excursion
rates for Imbeciles.
Charley "-"buck is one of the star riders
at the Fair Grounds, St. Louis. While
in California Hcuck busied himself trying
to sew up all the crap games and to break '
all the nickel-in-the-sloi machines in the.
neighborhood of the track.
Success, the little gray horse which cap
tured third money in the rich M. and M.
stake at Detroit on Thursday of the pres- i
ent week, carried thirty-two ounces "in
front" while racing at the Denver meet
in June. Unless Myron McHenry suc
ceeded in lightening him up this was a !
big handicap. j
THE SAN AN CISCO CAUL, SATURDAY, JULY 22, 1899.
SPORTS
WILLIAM F. ROEDER, WITH EXHIBITS OF HIS PROWESS.
Mr Boeder is enjoying his vacation in the Santa Cruz Mountains with a party of friends. Two deer fell to their
guns on the opening day of the season, while the following day another line buck was added to the li*.. The sportsmen
are "we"l ProS with dogs and anticipate some rare shooting before they return from their outing. N. 8.-lhe other
members of the party are in the background awaiting their turn to be photographed with th.- deer.
YACHTSMEN TO
SAIL UP-RIVER
BY MOONLIGHT
'
The California Yacht Club had on its ;
programme for to-day a ladies' cruise to
McNears Landing, and for to-morrow a
clambake; but as Commodore Clay starts
to-day for his second trip up the Sacra
mento River the cruise to and clambake I
at McNears have been called off. Secre
tary K. L. Karnes intends to sail to Val
lejo this evening. Commodore Clay had
planned to take an outside cruise to
Drakes Bay, on which la- would bav_
been accompanied by Secretary K. L. ■
Fames in the sloop Surf and possibly one;
or two more California yachts. Commo
dore T. L. Hill of the San Francisco* also
thought of making the trip under tne j
guidance of Mr. Barnes, who is familiar
with the locality. Commodore ('lay hay- j
ii'.g abandoned the idea it is not probable (
that any one will make the attempt.
On Saturday, the ""Dth inst., the Califor
nia Yacht Club men will pay a return
visit to the Corinthians at their Tiburon
Club house, on Invitation from Coram.)
dore Car) Westerfeld. Captain Light
foot, -secretary of the Hawaiian Yacht
Club, Honolulu, of which President Dole
la commodore, was elected an honorary
member of the California Club at its '
last meeting and will carry tin- red burgee
into Hawaiian waters. The island yachts
men intend to build a clubhouse with ail j
facilities at Pearl harbor. The schooner
La Paloma, recently bought by Colonel
Macfarlane from Vv. S. Qoodfellow of
San Francisco, will shortly&leave on her i
voyage to Honolulu. Captain Lightfbot;
clad in a white duck suit and fisherman's
red cap, formed one of Commodore Clay's !
crew last Sunday, and as he lay at full i
length In the weather scuppers or "hiked"
over the house of the Pactolus he got a
distinct Impression of what a genial San
Francisco summer breeze is like.
The San Francisco Yacht Club at its
last meeting elected four new members
and received four applications for mem
bership. Last Sunday Commodore Hill
sailed to Paradise Cove, where a large
number of Corinthian and San Francisco
yachts were anchored. At 6 o'clock th's
evening the San Francisco fleet will leave
Sausalito for McNears Landing.
J. \V. Pew's sloop Truant is on the
ways, her owner, with C. L. Barrett, be- i
Ing at the Bohemian Club jinks, (Theme- |
yille.
Measurer H. H. (Sorter's new boat is at
Tiburon. She is being rigged and is ex
pected to be out in two weeks. The yawl
Nereid went up to Larkspur on Sunday
and will stay there another week. W. H.
Toepke's sloop Harpoon is at Lakeville,
on the Petaluma Creek, and will come
down to-night to the drawbridge, meet
ing the Corinthian fleet there and return- j
ing to Tiburon to-morrow. ,
Next month the Corinthian Yacht Club
will take its summer cruise up the river.
Commodore Car": VYesterfeld'a sloop Aeo
lus will he accompanied by A. J. Lyons'
sloop Freda, ex-Commodore A. J. Young's
sloop Clara, E. F. Sagaj's sloop Edna and |
THE SHAMROCK. ENGLAND'S NEW CHALLENGER FOR THE FAMOUS AMERICA CUP.
From a photograph taken especially [or the Call. No photograph previously ■ published here ha« shown the Shamrock with mast and rigging.
possibly one or two more. The owners of
the boats named have all made arrange
ments to take their vacations at that
time. '
WILL DISTRIBUTE
A MILLION TROUT
At the forthcoming meeting of the State
Board of Fish Commissioners in August
assignments will be made of the trout in j
the Sisson and Tahoe hatcheries. There
are 1,500,000 of the fish to be distributed In
the reams of the State. The commission
will deliver them free of charge to the
applicants at the railroad station nearest
the stream to be eked. Any person ln- ]
terested in stocking a public stream can
secure the fish.
The rip- -i bass fishing on Oakland es
tuary and San Leandro Hay is attracting
the attention of the rod wielders from this !
city. Al Cumming, A. C. McFarland and
M. L- Cross had excellent luck recently.
Their catch Included fish weighing six,
eight and ten pounds, and they pronounce
the sport exciting. The fish dart at the
bait and swallow both hook and line.
Some of the best fishing Is to be had on
the tidal canal near High street bridge, i
Alameda. Tile fish are plentiful, and with |
a little skill can be landed.
LADY GOLFERS
PREPARING FOR
A MATCH GAME
The trophy recently offered by the di
rectors of the San Rafael Golf Club will
be on exhibition at the clubhouse to-day.
It will be called the Council cup, and. like
the Captain's cup presented to the Oak
land Golf Club by Orestes Pierce, will be
played for twice a year. Though there is
plenty of play for the sake of practice
and exercise going on at the San Rafael
links, there is no competition on hand.
Instructor T. w. Tetley is coaching a
team of six ladies, who will represent the
club and will challenge the ladies of the
San Francisco and Oakland clubs to a
match.
Captain Orestes Pierce of the Oakland
Golf' Club is still in Oregon, and several
of tii.- members are sent from home. J.
A. and Ernest R. Folder and other Oak
landers have been playing lately on the
San Rafael links, where may also be
found Miss Therese C. Morgan, C. P. Eella
and other members of the San Francisco
Golf Club.
BRITONS AND
AMERICANS TO
MEET TO-DAY
ATHLETES IN F»NE FORM
Belief That the Scores in the
In' emotional Match Wi.l Ec
Very Close.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, July 21.— The calm preced
ing a battle marked the eve of the in
ternational varsity struggle, both the
London and Brighton teams resting to- ;
day and saving their strength for to
morrow's contests. No competitors ap- i
• eared at the Queen's Club, where a j
score of women were engaged in fitting
up the track boxes for to-morrow. The
demand for seats has long since ex
hausted the supply and the exorbitant
prices asked by speculators caused the |
management to refuse all applications,
so thai to-night £5 and £11* are vainly ;
offered by late comers. !
The value of a victory on English |
soil is fully appreciated by the Ameri
can contestants and visitors. The ho
i. Is have been invaded by Americans j
! from the Continent to witness the j
sports and by a large contingent from
Cornell; Pennsylvania and Columbia
University students, who are swarming i
the American theaters and other ren T
dezvous to-night. College yells and
colors are everywhere prevalent. Fol
lowing Is the official programme of
events:
Throwing 16-pound hammer —J. D.
,;.. nshields, Oxford; L. O. Bains, Cam
bridge, and W. A. Boal and H. J. Brown
of Harvard. .. -. _ _ r '
Broad jump— G. C. \ assail Oxford; L.
r O. Bevan, Cambridge, and C. D. Daly
and J. T. Roche. Harvard:
100-yard dash— C. It. Thomas and A. L.
' Hind, or A. M. ►Ulna of Oxford and F.
J Quinlan of Harvard and F. A. Blount
of Yale. ,r. t,.
Mil. run— A. Hunter of Cambridge; A.
1. Dawson and Fremantle of Oxford and
C. B. Spitzer and H. B. Smith of Yale.
Hurdle race— Paget-Tomlinson of
Cambridge, H. R. Parkea of Oxford. F. C.
Fox and J. W. IF. Unwell of Harvard.
Half-mile run— H. E. M. Graham of
Cambridge. C. F. W. Struben of Oxford,
T. E. Burke of Harvard and J. P. Adams
of Yale . -tf y. , 
High jump— H. S. Adair of Oxford. VN .
Paget-Tomlinson of Cambridge and A. M.
Rice and C. N. Rotch of Harvard.
Quarter-mile run— A. A. Hollins of Ox
ford, <' D. Davidson of Cambridge and D.
Tioardman and T. R. Fisher of Yale.
Three-mile run— H. NY. Workman of
Cambridge A. R. G. Wilberforoe of Ox
ford, Smith of Oxford, C. K. Farmer of
Yale and H. W. Foot, and H. B. Clark of
Harvard.
Unless something untoward occurs
between to-night and to-morrow after
noon the Yale and Harvard athletes
will appear on the track tn the pink of
condition. Every man is in the best
possible form and the .team is in even
better condition than when its mem
bers sailed from New York, Not an ac
cident of any kind has occurred, and
th.- change of climate, if it has had any
effect at all. has only put the young
athletes in Lett, spirits. Not a man
missed a meal aboard ship or since
they have been in England. Their
training has been very light during
the week. Mr. Wendell's Idea being
merely to keep the men in form after
they had arrived at their best. Mr.
Wendell preserves admirable discipline
without making it irksome, and he is
very popular among his young charges.
The Englishmen and Americans are
fairly evenly matched in the 100-yard
and hurdle races and also in the 440
--yard dash, although Board man and
Fisher are confident of winning this
match.
HOMING PiGEONS TO RACE.
The members of the California Pigeon
and Homing Society are preparing their
birds for their next Important race from
Red Bluff on Admission day. This will
be the third young bird race of the north
ern series. The members have named the
following number of birds: H. C. Worth.
11; J. Mole, 10; George Nieburger. 6; Wil
liam Hartley. 7; H. Van Cortebeck, S: A.
la mm, 4; E. I). Connelly, 2; J. Fil
mer. 12.
Parker and Sullivan Matclud.
DENVER. July ».— "Kid" Parker and
"Spike" Sullivan have been matched to
fight before the Olympla Club of this city
August 11. The contest is limited to twenty
rounds. The winner will meet Frank Erne
in a fight for the lightweight champion
ship.
JOCKEY ODOM
BADLY INJURED
AT BRIGHTON
THROWN DURING A RACE
— ♦ —
John Friez, R'ddenb/the Midget,
Falls While Turning Into
the Home Stretch.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 21.— The first race
at Brighton to-day furnished a chapter of
accidents. Timely reared in the paddock
and fell over backward on her jockey.
Mason, who was so badly hurt that Col
lins had to be substituted. When the
field was rounding into the stretch there
was a good deal of crowding, and John
Friez fell, throwing Odom heavily. He
was picked up and brought back to the
paddock quite seriously hurt. Results:
Five furlongs— Sakhrat won. Dunblame
second, Knight Banneret third. Time,
1:02 3-5.
Mile and a quarter, selling— Wolhurst
won. Bishop Reed second, Maurice third.
Time, 2:08 3-5.
Five and a half furlongs, selling—
won. Shrove Tuesday second, Eileen Daly
third. Time, 1:09 2-5.
Six furlongs, Winepress won.
Florence Clark second, Rare Perfume
third. Time. 1:16.
Mile and a sixteenth— Tyrshena won.
Leando second, Dan Rice third. Time,
1:48 3-5.'
Hurdle handicap, mile and three-quar-
Howard Mann won, Premier second,
Article third. Time. 3:17.
ST. LOUIS. July 21.— Results at the
Fair Grounds:
Selling, six furlongs— won,
Bert Davis second, Crosby third. Time,
1:16.
JOCKEY GEORGE ODOM .
Maiden two-year-olds, five and a half
furlongs— Deveric won. Silent Friend sec
ond. Castine third. Time. 1:10.
Selling, six furlongs— Aunt Mary won.
Necklace second, Czarowitz third. Time,
I'- 16 -
Selling, mile and a quarter—
won. Barbee second. Jimp third. Time,
2:11%. _. 
Selling, one mile— Moralist won, Calla
Lily second. Mitchell third. Time. 1:43%.
Selling, six furlongs— Miss Mac Day
won, Elbe second, Lulu W third. Time,
1:16.
CHICAGO. July 21.— Weather clear and
track fast at Hawthorne to-day. Results:
Mile and a sixteenth won. Maurice
"W second. Ramlel third. Time. 1:49.
Six furlongs, selling— Unsightly won,
Clara Wooley second, Rosa Diah third.
Time. 1:15%.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Gun Metal
won, Elidad second, Woodranger third.
Time, 1:48' .
Six furlongs— Pet won. Algaretta
second, Benneville third. Time, 1:14.
One Carnero won. Elkin second.
Barton third. Time. 1:41%.
Mile and a sixteenth— Bon Jour wen.
Uarda second. Einstein third. Time. 1 48*4.
A CLIMAX IN TJrlri
BASEBALL RACE
The Stroggh for First Place Is
Keen Between a Quartet
of Teams.
Severe is the struggle for first honors
in the baseball league at the present time.
According to the results of this week's
: series any one of the four high teams may
. be first or last. San Jose crosses bats
with Watsonville at the Garden City,
Santa Cruz and Sacramento meet at Sac
! ramento and Oakland and San Francisco
i play in this city. Oakland is in a rather
! crippled condition, but there is a great
lot of steam left in the team. Frisco is
ready 'for the fight with the defeat at
Watsonville still stinging their.hides. The
line-up for this afternoon is as follows:
San Francisco— Position. Oakland—
Swindells Catcher Hammond
Fitzpatrick Pitcher .Mosktman
Sullivan- ''"'-*' -base Hutchinson
O'Neill Second base Pee pies
Ke'lllev '.' Third base LflJige
i ki-ue- " " '.' Shortstop Schmeer
Muller ' .' eft nel.l Dunleavy
! Pyne "" Center field Donovan
Hildebrand Right field Hardie
Cr.'cfcet at A'amedi.
The return match at cricket. Banks and
Insurance Men vs. All Comers, will be
played to-morrow at Alameda. Th
former eleven will be made up from G.
Slmmonds, L. 11. Morris. J. Myers, C. P.
Coles. J." J. Moriarty, J. J. R. Peel, F. C.
Driffield. J. J. Theobald, Fane Sewell, G.
Theobald. G. J. Baugh and H. Ward.
All Comers will be represented by E. O.
Sloman. W. Reeves. F. ■-'roll, A. Dicken
son. G. Hellmann. J. H. Saunders. F. M.
Guiin. O. J. Thomas and two others.
Notices of a meeting of the associa
tion, to be held next Friday evening. July
28, to discuss the proposed amendment to
article XV of the by-laws, and the sug
gested visit of a Los Angeles team, have
been sent out to all delegates.
Cyclers' Bun Postponed.
I Owing to the death of Mr?. C. C. Mclver
j the outing of the Bay City Wheelmen ar
ranged for to-morrow at Mission San
; Jose has bee*; postponed.BUNKO MEN UP IN ARMS
AGAINST KING SWEENEY
Declare That Ills Potent Pull Was
Used in Stopping Their Graft
Failing to (let His Share of a Recent Robbery, They
Claim He induced the Police to Have Warrants
issued for the Arrest of the Gang.
THF numerous grafters and bunko
men who allied themselves with
John Sweeney on account of his
alleged "pull" with the police are
now up in arms against the man,
who boasts that he has one or more de
tectives on his stuff and that he Is In a
position to square any case of a bucolic
stranger being "skinried" by the schem
ing gang. Sweeney ostensibly is known
as the proprietor of a lodging-house south
of Market street, but in reality is the
"go between" for the horde of sure-thing
operators that infest this city-.
The trouble that exists between the j
modern Fagin and tho adept pupils dates i
back to about a week ago. Sweeney
learned that two of the gang who had ;
worked under his protecting wing neglect
ed to account to him for a "trick" they ,
had turned. He made a quiet investiga
tion; with the result thai he was stag- |
gered to llnd that they had the audacity!
to "beat" a "sucker" out of several hun-j
dred dollars without having given him j
a percentage of the spoils. Determined;
to teach them a lesson, the mighty
Sweeney summoned them before him and
Jn language mere forceful than elegant
informed them that they could no longer j
"work" in this city.
**You have played me fiu'se." remarked
the "king," with considerable dramatic ef- j
feet. "Hereafter cut me out of the deck |
that you use in beating suckers."
Failing to ••square" themselves, the ex- I
pelled subjects slowly left - *his Majesty" j
to ruminate o-ver their fatal blunder in
not "'piecing*" the man who boasts that
he controls the Police Department.
The disgraced grafters subsequently,
fearing that Sweeney intended to have
them thrown in jail, decided to inform \
t";eir companions in crime of the edict of I
the "king."
After a formal discussion, they resolved
to defy him even at the risk of being sent
to prison.
On learning thai his "subjects" were
determined to dethrone him, Sweeney j
became desperate and swore to get even.
The following day warrants were sworn
out for six ot the gang for vagrancy and
they were promptly arrested. Detective
Egan figured as the complaining witness
in each case. •
Since then teen other warrants for
the arrest of the remaining **subjects"
have been issued, but for some reason
they have not been served. It is claimed
that Sweeney, anxious to whip the dis
gruntled gang of grafters into line, has
asked the police not to arrest them at
present, as he seems to think that they
will shortly regret their action and beg
to be taken back to his fold.
Evidently realizing that he is suspected
of being responsible for the issuance of
the warrants Sweeney has discreetly kept
out of the way of the revengeful gang.
Several nights ago two of them visited
his lodging house, intending to wreak vio
lence on him. They were told that he
was out of town, but suspecting that
they were being misled they waited out
side for several hours, but without catch
ing a glimpse of their intended victim.
Some time ago Sweeney, so it Is claimed,
gave the gang the "double cross" and
they started out to get his scalp.
One of them telephoned to him. saying
that Detective Egan wanted to see him
at midnight In front of a Market street
saloon. £>v.eeney lost no time in reaching
the supposed trysting place and as tie
entered the saloon he was attacked by
SECRETARY CUMMING
IS AGING PREMATURELY
WANTS TO KNOW "WHY IS A
GIRL WHEN SHE SPINS?"
Troubles and Worries Encountered by
Manager of the Mechanics' In
stitute in Getting a Maiden
to Card WooL
A spinster to s*_in flax or wool was what !
the Mechanics'. Institute wanted as a I
feature for the coming fair, and the spin- j
sters came ln numbers, not large but :
talkative— so talkative!
"And still they come," said Secretary
J. M. Gumming of the institute, after the j
third applicant for the post had talked to j
him. He was still debonair and gay, but !
the Secretary Cumming who left the office '
late ln the day. after talking to ten or a
dozen applicants, was not the blithe and ;
happy Cumming of the morning. Instead. ■
he was worn and bore marks of age and
his gold-bowed spectacles sat uneasily on |
his nose.
Mr. Gumming can speak German and !
Gaelic, also Spanish, but he is not a mas- •
ter of Swedish, Danish, Erse, Breton and
Polish, So he had a hard day of it, for
the only American who applied up to a j
late hour was a lady from Pike County,
Mo and her dialect was neat but not so
clear as Mr. Gumming is accustomed to i
'•Can you spin?" he asked the first ap- j
"Sure and I learned to spin in the ould ;
country," said she. _"■'■■-;■-'"'-■• .,
•'But do you know how to card wool?
"Indeed and I don't." said the applicant. i
■•Card wool? Why, we lave that to the;
chiider. and I'll not But I can spin from
the roll." , „_,, , . ~
"And how to get the roll?" asked Cum-
m "Sure and that's your business," said
"Sure and that's your business, said
the lady, and she left her name and ad
dress and flounced out-
Some of he ladies knew how to card the
wool and arrange it Into rolls of spinning,
but they were few, and of the few only
two knew how to spin flax as well as
wool— a necessary condition in order to
obtain the place. But in the various dia- ;
lects that they let loose on Cumming to
explain what they could and what they
could not do they wore him out. So, ex
cept to explain the process, it would be
unfortunate to talk about the art of spin
ning to the secretary of the Mechanics'
Instil for some time to come.
"If any one applies," said he to Miss
Ahem, the typewritist of the institute,
"you just see" what she wants and take
the application." And then he went away-. {
OPPOSED TO CK.UEI/TY.
Excellent Work Performed by the
Animal Society's Officers.
Three days ago the Society for the Pre
vent!' of Cruelty to Animals held Its an
nual election of trustees, and Thursday
the latter organized, with N. P. Cole as
president. Colonel John P. Jackson as vice
president, JaitiM S. Hutchinson as treas
urer, Charles B. Holbrook as secretary
and Martin Stevens as attorney for -the
board. Dr. Ivor Jacobsen, Dr. C. Maso
i: o and Dr. Egan -were elected a? the
veterinary surgeons for the society. Four
of the old members, J. B. Godeau, H. G.
Stindt. A. H. Stevenson and E. C. Cordell,
were appointed as special officers. Eleven
new members were elected.
The secretary's report for the month
ending July 19 showed 225 cases of cruelty
reported, involving 42.8 animals, and 223
cases were investigated. This resulted in
22 prosecutions, with 12 convict
The total of the fines imposed by the
Police Judges amounted to $170. During
the month the secretary collected $1722, of
which $S7l 10 was disbursed. leaving a bal
ance of S&SO 90. The trustees heartily in
dorsed the proposition of the lady mem
bers to give an entertainment, the pro
ceeds of which are to be devoted to pur
chasing badges for the youthful members
three or* the gang, who beat him over the
head with "black jacks."
Sweeney drew his revolver,' which was
promptly" taken away from him. Had it
not been for a policeman who happened
to see the men assaulting Sweeney and
rushed to His* rescue he might have been
made a subject for the Coroner. As it was
he was severely cut about the head and
face.
In speaking nf Sweeney's alleged pull
with the Police Department one of the
gang said yesterday:
"Whenever a strange bunko man
reaches this city.'* he marked, "he is
told to see Sweeney; otherwise he runs
afoul of a policeman and is arrested. I
have seen dozens of professional grafters
on their arrivel here immediately hunt up
the 'King.' and if he sees fit he allows
them to rob gullible strangers. Sweeney
exacts 20 per cent of th-Mr ill-gotten gains,
part of which, he claims, so--? to th.- po
lice. He claims to be a warm friend of
I Captain Seymour and Detective Egan, I
I and frequently boasts that he controls the
! entire police department. Every trick j
, that is turned he knows about, and unless
I his share is forthcoming the fortunate
; grafters are thrown into jail. To make
i his position more secure he vers about
i the police court, boasting of his pull With
\ the Judges and offering to square any
I bunko case that is called to the attention
I of the police."
of the Bands of Mercy, now being or
ganized under the direction of the ladies
of the society.
Pushing the Corkscrew Line.
The Market Street Railroad Company
is pushing the construction of the cork
screw line by setting pangs of men to
work on both ends of the turn. The San
some street section Is almost laid, and
yesterday a gang of men started in at
Sixth and Market streets tearing up the
old rails and making the course clear for
the tracklayers to commence digging the
ditch for the bed of the electric line. The
presence of the men at this end of the
road had the effect of scaring off the
ghost bobtail cars that have been bobbing
up and down on Sixth street for the past
twenty years. With the Introduction of
the electric cars on the corkscrew line the
bobtail cars will be relegated to the wood
pile and the limping nags to the boneyard.
Only Two Left.
Yesterday was the fiftieth anniversay of
the arrival in this harbor of the Daniel
Webster with fifty-nine passengers. The
vessel left New York February 3, 1849,
came around the Horn and was under
command of Captain Jacob G. Pierce. Of
those passengers there are but two who
can be accounted for, Henry D. Hudson,
past president of the Exempt Fire Com
pany many years ago a prominent mer
chant of this city but now retired, and
Thomas Steers.
U. S. TRANSPORT INDIANA, DIRECT FROM MANILA.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 22, 1899.
SICK SOLDIERS
HOME FROM THE
PHILIPPINE WAR
Transport Indiana In
From Manila,
» —
A SOLDIER COMMITS SUICIDE
— ♦ —
WHILE INSANE. ED CRAWFORD
JUMPED OVERBOARD.
«
How Sergeant Jones of the Tennessee
. Regiment Captured a Filipino
Flag — Motley Crew on
the Indiana.
The transport Indiana arrived from
Manila via Nagasaki yesterday. She
brought up 125 sick and convalescent sol
diers, twenty-two cabin passengers, fif
teen Filipino ' men, women and children
for the Omaha Exposition and six stow
aways. Tho transport has been nine
months on duty In the Philippines and
in consequence brings back as motley a
crew as has ever reached port. She has
twenty-six Filipinos In the engine-room,
twenty-six Filipino cabin boys, twenty
one Filipino sailors, a Boer fireman, a
French boatswain, some Japanese and
Chinese mess boys, a couple of Arab
deckhands and a sprinkling of all the
Caucasian nationalities. They all seem
to have worked well, for the ship came
into port looking as spick and span as
though she had just come out of the dry
dock.
There was one fatality during the voy
age. Edward Crawford of Company A.
Twenty-third Infantry, jumped overboard
when the Indiana was 250 miles froth port
and was drowned. He was a California
boy, and his sister, Mrs. Alfred Terry,
lives at 10-W Mission street, and another
sister, Mrs. James Glassford, at 28 Grove
Street.
Crawford was under the delusion that
he had been hypnotized and was going
to San Francisco under compulsion to be
killed. He made several attempts to kill
himself, and when the Indiana left M i.
nila Sergeant Kay of the Twenty-third
infant:*.- was detailed to watch him.
While the transport was in Nagasaki,
Kay and Crawford were standing on the
starboard side of the ship watching the
town. Somebody called the sergeant
away, and when he came back Crawford
was gone. The vessel was searched from
stem to stern, but no trace of the miss
ing man could be found. Divers were
sent down and the bottom in the vicinity
of the ship searched in all directions with
out avail.
Just before the Indiana sailed for this
port it was rumored that Crawford had
been seen in the streets of Nagasaki, bo
Sergeant Kay was sent out to look for
him A few minutes before the anchor
was pulled up Crawford came alongside
in a sam pan and Immediately began tell
ing of the splendid time he had had in :
Nagasaki. It was then sailing time and
as there was no sign of Sergeant Kay
the ship went without him. He will prob
ably come along on the next transport
that touches at Nagasaki.
Upon leaving Nagasaki Crawford was
given ln charge of Private Mike O'Brien
and ho Kept a vigilant watch over the
unfortunate man. Last Thursday it was
very rough and O'Brien and Crawford
were the only men aside from the craw
on the deck. They were marching up and
down when all of a sudden Crawford
said, "I'm not going back to be killed," .
and making a rush to the rail Jumped
overboard. The ship was stopped, life '
buoys were thrown overboard and a boat
lowered, but no trace of poor Crawford |
could be found. He was very much -ema
ciated from his long illness and the water
was exceedingly cold, so the chances are '
the Shock killed him. After searching for
th body for nearly an hour the Indiana I
was put on her course and came on to ,
San Francisco.
The Filipinos for the Omaha Exposition
are in charge of Henry F. Daily. They
are said to be a fair sample of the inhab
itants of the Philippines. They are not
beautiful. They have a band of native
instruments and render some pieces very
prettily. All their music Is played by
ear. Their star piece they call "Dakota,"
because they learned it from the Dakota
regiment. Mr. Daily is keeping a very ;
close watch on his charges and says he
will see to it that they are landed in
Omaha safe and sound. This band is
only the advance guard of sixty-five
men. women and children who will event
ually gather here at the Mechanics' Fair.
They will bring the water buffalo and
everything necessary to make up a typi- I
cal Filipino village.
Among the Filipino waiters on the In
diana are two graduates of the Manila
University. One of them, Melancio Alba,
is a very intelligent young fellow and is
going to make his home in America if
the Government will give him a chance.
Among those who returned on the Indi
ana was Dr. Day-wall of San Francisco.
According to him a Filipino wounded in
battle is Insensible to pain. One man
had his eye torn out by a bullet and his
Jaw shattered. When the wound was
dressed he tore the bandages off, and two
or three days later was breaking in a
horse as though there was no gaping
wound in his head. Another Filipino at
tempted to escape and was filled full of
Krag-Jorgensen bullets. When he was
picked tip eighteen wounds were found on
his body and his right arm was shattered.
Three days later he was sitting up In bed
and eating "chow," on the rapid meal.
Still another Filipino was wounded in a
skirmish and lay for sevt-n days in a rice
fleld with,. water. He was carried to
the hospital tent and when the -Indiana
sailed was awaiting a chance to get back
into the insurgent lines.
The most daredevil act of the war was
performed by Sergeant Jones of the Ten
nessee regiment; The latter were opposed
to the Filipinos in force, who were In
trenched. Over the trenches flew a Fili
pino flag-.
SCENES ON BOARD THE TRANSPORT INDIANA.
"Boys, I am going to get that flag, '
said Jones, and off he started.
Jones is a big man, standing over six
feet in his stockings, and he looked taller
even than that when he started out alone
over the "poddy" field for the Filipino
trenches. The enemy were too inucn sur
prised at first at the man's daring to fire
upon him, but they soon opened up and a
perfect hall of lead flew around the gal
lant soldier. When the fire became too
hot ho would lie down for a few seconds
and pick off a venturesome Filipino and
then resume his march toward • the
trenches. When he reached them the ene
my around the flag broke and ran. Jones
then seized it and bore it back in tri
umph to the Tennessee camp. That Fil
ipino flag is now one of the treasures of
tne Tennessee regiment.
A bandit named Papa Rlas Is giving tho
'soldiers at Iloilo a great deal of trouble.
He scours the country and murders all
who will not assist him. Six native police
men were sent to confer with him. Five of
them were brutally murdered and one
returned more dead than alive to tell the
tale. The California boys made a forced
march of twenty-five miles, hoping to
capture the bandit, but he escaped and
was still carrying on his depredations
when the Indiana sailed.
The remains of Major Diggles of the
Minnesota regiment came up on the
transport. He was shot through the head
at the battle of Massln.
The following is a list of the soldiers
and civilians who came up on the Indiana:
Colonel A. T. Smith, Thirteenth United
States Infantry (retired); Major O. L. Parker,
Twenty-second United States Infantry ; Major
G. O. Webster. Fourth United States Infantry;
Major T. M. Foots, First Colorado Volunteer
Infantry; Captain Stephen O'Connor. Twenty
third United States Infantry; Captain W. W.
Van Patten, Assistant Surgeon, First Wash
ington Volunteer Infantry; Captain Martin
Helpolheimer, First Nebraska Volunteer In
fantry; Captain Mark L. Hersey, Quartermas
ter. Twelfth United States Infantry; First
Lieutenant F. B. Naracong, First Nebraska
Volunteer Infantry: Second Lieutenant H. C.
Richards, First Montana Volunteer Infantry;
Acting Assistant Surgeon G. W. Daywalt,
United States Army; Sergeant B. F. Barrows,
Battery L. Third Artillery; Corporal C. R.
Brasher. Battery H, Third Artillery; Private
Nlvel Nunnery, Battery G, Third Artillery;
Private 11 A. Falkensteln, Battery '*». Third
Artillery; Private F. E. Annie, Battery 11,
Third Artillery; Private R. E. Cronin, Battery
X Third Artillery: Private E. G. Smalle, Bat
tery K. Third Artillery: Private O. Miller,
Battery L, Third Artillery. Hospital Corps-
Acting Steward Powell, Private Donohue, Pri
vate Young 'and Private Sllverthorne.
Musician Joseph Osberger, Company M,
Fourteenth Infantry; Private J. T. Whater,
Company K. .Thirteenth Minnesota Volunteer
Infantry; Corporal T. L. C-enter, Battery B,
Utah Artillery. ---•;;-.;;
DISCHARGED SOLDIERS.
Private B. W. Blvens, Company D, First Ne
braska Volunteer Infantry: Private Gustave
H. Ahlberg, Company K. Thirteenth Infantry;
Corporal George Bailey, Company L, Twenty
second Infantry: Private Nelson N. Barber,
Company M, First Nebraska Volunteer In
fantry; Corporal Thomas Betake, Company H,
Eighteenth Infantry: Private Edgar Besse,
Company M, Fourteenth Infantry; Sergeant
Alexander T. Bllllngton, Company L. Seven
teenth Infantry: Private William R. Burrier,
Company E, Eighteenth Infantry; Sergeant
John A. Berklmer. Company E. Fourth In
fantry; Private James D. Carter. Company A,
Twenty-third . Infantry; Farrier • William M.
Clausen, Battery A, Utah Artillery: Cook John
H Clark, Company D. Seventeenth Infantry;
Private Theodore Cleghorn. Battery A. Utah
Artillery: Sergeant John L. Cooper. Company
D Seventeenth Infantry: Private William F.
Curtis Battery D, Sixth Artillery; Corporal
John Deary. Company B, Fourth Infantry;
Corporal Nicholas IMurick, Company D, Seven
teenth Infantry; Corporal James B. Edgar,
Company B, Tenth Pennsylvania Volunteer In
fantry; Private I rani R. Edwards, Company
H Tenth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry;
Musician Fred A. Fas-ting, Battery D, Sixth
Artillery; Sergeant Charles A. Fuller, Company
L, Third Artillery; Sergeant John Felger, Com
pany A, Eighteenth Infantry; Private Joseph
A. Foster. Company B, Second Oregon Volun
teer Infantry; Private William D. Grant, Hos
pital Corps, United States Army: Corporal
Walter C. .Graham. Company M, Tnirteentn
Minnesota Volunteer Infantry; Private V ictor
H. Hall, Company L, Twenty-third Infantry;
Private Henry*' Herbsh, Company G, Seven
teenth Infantry; Corporal John Hayes, tom
panv A, Eighteenth Infantry: Private James A.
Hess, Company A, Twenty-third Infantry: Pri
vate Frank P. Hicks, Cotnpany A. Fourth In
fantry; Private Willis W. James. Company C.
Twelfth infantry*. Corporal Joseph B. Johns,
Company A. Twenty-third Infantry: Private
Martin Jenson, Company D, Second Oregon
Volunteer Infantry; Private Charles Jordan,
Company A. Twelfth Infantry: Sergeant Lee E.
Johnson, Company Fifty-first lowa Volun-
Eighteenth Infantry; Private Joseph
- i ompany X Second Oregon \ olun
r.trv; Private William D. Grant. Hos
rps. Vnited States Army; Corporal
5. Graham. Company M, Thirteenth
_ Volunteer Infantry; Private Victor
Company L. Twenty-third Infantry;
Henry- Hert'sh, Company G. Seven
lfantry; Corporal John Hayes, Gom-
Infantry; Private James A.
npany A. Twenty-third Infantry; Pri
nk P. Hicks, Company A. Fourth In
'rivate Willis W. James. Company i .
Joseph U. Johns.
A Twenty-third Infantry: Private
■ '..mpany D, Second Oregon
• Infantry; Private Charles Jordan.
A. Twelfth Infantry; Sergeant Lee E.
Company D, Fifty-first lowa \ olun
teer Infantry; First-class Private Hienrich
Jess, Company A, Battalion Engineers; Private
Frank C. Keogh. Company D. Thirteenth Min
nesota Volunteer Infantry: Musician Mathias
Kulda. Company A. Twenty-third Infantry;
Trlvate John Kearny, Company D. Second Ore
gon Volunteer Infantry*: Musician Oliver J.
Lansing, Company It, Fourth Infantry: Private
Burt H. Leonard, Company I, Tenth P»'nns"'i'
vanla Volunteer Infantry: Serceant Fred B.
Collins, Company F. Twenty-second Infantry-
Private Benjamin M Doyl, Company K.
First Colorado Volunteer Infantry, Private
Michael Mack, Company D, Eighteenth Infan
try Private Doyl G. Maithland. Company I).
Twentieth Infantn: Sergeant Edward Marks.
Company B, Twelfth Infantry; Private John
J. Martin, Company F. Fourth Infantry: Pri
vate Leslie McOnown, Company M. Second Ore
gon Volunteer Infantry; Private Charles Nel
son. Troop G, Fourth Cavalry: Private John
T Parkinson. Company H, Twenty-second In
fantry: Private Arthur L. Parramour. Battery
G, Third Artillery: Private Frank L. Peter
son Company E, First Nebraska Volunteer
Infantn: Private John A. Pierce, Company D.
Second Oregon Volunteer Infantry; Private
Clarence O. Pool, Company G, First Colorado
Volunteer Infantn; Private Michael Rear
don, Company C, Twenty-second Infantn:
Private George W. Roof. Company M, Twenty
second Infantry; Private William C. Kussell,
Company A. First Washington Volunteer In
fantry; "Private Richard Sandridge. Company
C Eighteenth Infantry: Private James Sturde
vaht, Company A. Eighteenth Infantry; Pri-
I Third Artillery; Private Frank 1.. Peter-
Company E, First Nebraska Volunteer
intry; Private John A. Pier c, Company P.
►nd Oregon Volunteer Infantry; Private
•ence O, Pool, Company G, First Colorado
mteer Infantry; Private Michael Rear
aSy tf. Twenty-second Infantry;
rate George W. Roof. Company M. Twenty
ihd Infantry: Private William C. Kussell,
ipany *.. First Washington Volunteer In
try; Private Richard Sandridge. Company
Private James Sturde- ■
any A. Eighteenth Infantry; Pri- j
H Spain, • mpany C, First • ' lo
rado Volunteer Infantry; Private McDowell j
P. Schnughency, Company H, Tenth Pennsyl
vania Volunteer Infantry.
Corporal Oliver K. Reynolds, Company K. I
Fourth Infantry: Private Emil H. Rllev Com- !
pany D Eighteenth Infantry. Private Charles
S Stetson Company F. Thirteenth Minnesota
Volunteer Infantry; Private 'William F. Stugh- i
er Company L, Eighteenth Infantry: Private
Michael raiding*, Company D. Seventeenth i
,,■ Sergeant Frank K. Sharp, Company [
X, Tenth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry;
1
Private Robert P. Tate, Company C, Eigh
teenth Infantry: Private Fred Tobln, Company
B. First South Dakota Volunteer Infantry; Pri
vate Germain E. Tow], Company H, First Ne
braska Volunteer Infantry; Private William H.
Tinn, Company H. Twentieth Kansas Volun
teer Infantry: Private Dunbar G. Warfield,
Company A. First Colorado Volunteer Infan
try; Corporal Maynard Woodward, Company
D, First Nebraska Volunteer Infantry: Corpo
ral Burton J. Wood. Company D, First Ne
braska Volunteer Infantry: Private Joseph. F.
Walthall. Company H, Twenty-third Infantry;
Private George T. White, Company L, Twelfth
Infantry; Corporal George L. Watson, Com
pany ll'. First Nevada Volunteer Infantry.
SOLDIERS DISHONORABLY DISCHARGED.
E. M. Sutton. G. J. Kluesner, John M. Clogs
ton, A. Reese. William H. Ferris, John O'Con
nell, C. A. Leonard, C. E. Maloy, John C.
Househ, H. L. Johns. W. H. Doyle.
CIVILIANS.
Mark L. Hersey Jr., Rev. C. A. Owens, E.
N. Kelley, Postofflce Department; George D.
Morrison, master of Vigilant; George Good
win, machinist United States Steamship Re
lief; Emil Kuhman, teamster Quartermaster's
Department; William Russel, stowaway; R. J.
Griffith, discharged soldier from Fourth Caval
ry: John Monaghan. stowaway; Joe Murphy,
stowaway; John- Doe. stowaway; three Jap
anese stowaways; Private H. Stetln, First Ne
braska Volunteer Infantry.
LADIES.
Mrs. Hersey, Dorothy E. Hersey, Mrs.
Owens, Miss Morrison, United States Army
nurses, contract annulled: Mrs. L. V. Buxton.
MORE CORPORATION
ASSESSMENTS REDUCED
DODGE DISCOVERS ERRORS IN
HIS ROLLS.
Reductions Aggregating Nearly $3,
--000,000 Made on Franchises
and Bonds.
Fortunately for the corporations, Asses
sor Dodge has succeeded in finding errors
in his assessment books affecting- them
to the extent of $2,974,481. No mistakes
have been found save in corporation fig
ures, as the following notice filed with the
Board of Supervisors after hours on
Thursday evening will show:
Bonds of the Los Angeles Lighting
Company amounting to $3900 should
be canceled; sold before flrst Monday
ln March.
Franchise of California Street Rail
way Company erroneously assessed at
$764,785, should be $607,335. _
San Francisco Savings Union, erron
eously assessed at $6,778,533 on bonds,
should be $4,369,094, .deducting $2,409,
--439, which is the amount of stocks not
assessable. •
Savings and Loan Society, errone
ously assessed for $1,153,244 for bonds,
should be $863,052. -
California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company, erroneously assessed at
$52,600 for bonds, should be $4000.
Germania Trust Company, errone
ously assessed for $30,100 on bonds,
should be $5000.
"WASHINGTON DODGE,
Assessor.
By J. C. Corbett, Deputy.
Will of L H. Portier.
The will of I. H. Portier, who died a few
days ago at San Jose, leaving an estate
valued at $10,000, was filed for probate
yesterday. The entire estate is devised
to decedent's widow. J. E. Alzerals In
appointed executor, to serve without
bonds.
A STRANGE CORPSE IN
THE DECKELMAN PLOT
Body of a Filipino in the Place of a
California Volunteer.
Parents of a Young San Franciscan Pay It the Last
Tribute, Thinking It Was That of Their
Soldier Son.
A casket supposed to contain the re
mains of Private Francis Deckelman.
Company L, First California Volunteers,
was lowered in May last into a grave in
the Deckelman family plat at Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. On the 11th of the pres
ent month, on the suspicion that a mis
take had been made, the casket was dis
interred at the request of the boy's father,
and the suspicion verified. Another
corpse, he believes, than that of his son
met the eyes of the elder Deckelman.
Decomposition had set in to such an ex
tent that identification was impossible,
but it was plain to the bereaved father
that a dead Filipino had been given the
resting place intended for his son.
Young Deckelman was the son of Mr.
and Mrs. F. Deckelman of 505 Lyon
street, his father being a member of the
firm of Wessels & Deckelman, 239 Cali
fornia street. He was just 22 years old
when he enlisted as a private in Company
L, First California. He sailed with his
regiment to the Philippines, landing at
Cavite July 2, IS9S. When the regiment
moved to Camp Dewey Deckelman, who
had been detailed from his company for
duty with the Medical Corps, remained
behind. He died in the hospital August
28 following and his body was buried in
the San Rogue Cemetery-
Early this year the Government sent
from this city S. Reinhard, who was com
missioned to disinter the soldier dead and
prepare them for shipment to this coun
try*. Eight days after Reinhard reached
Cavite the Aguinaldo rebellion broke out
and the plan of disinterment had to be
abandoned for the time. It was not at
tempted till April, the rebel army mean
while having overrun the San Rogue
Cemetery. When the insurgent bands
were driven back, however, Reinhard be
gan the work for which he had been em
ployed. He entered the cemetery with a
number of assistants and found that all
the headboards marking the graves had
been destroyed by the Filipinos.
In ordinary cases this absence of head
boards would have made difficult the iden
tification of the dead. Such a contin
gency, however, had been provided for. it
having been the custom to place on the
top of each coffin before the earth was
thrown on a sealed bottle containing a
slip of paper upon which was written the
name of the corpse. - ...
Reinhard says that in addition to finding
this bottle on the coffin in a grave offi
cially designated as Djckelmans, the
grave was identified by members of Com
pany L who had seen the boy buried. He
had the coffin hauled up, took out the
remains, which had decomposed beyond
AN OFFICE ABOLISHED
BY THE LEGISLATURE
THE COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC
WORKS CEASES TO EXIST.
Supreme Court Passes on the Test
Case Against Col_*an Presented
by Edward E. Leake.
The Supreme Court yesterday denied the
application of Edward E. Leake, Commis
sioner of Public Works, for a writ of man
date to compel Controller E. P. Colgan to
draw a warrant for the salary of the
Commissioner for the month of last
March. The Controller had refused on
the ground that the office had gone out
of existence by an act of the last Legis
lature. On account of the large amount
of public Improvements in hand and con
templated the Commissioner took the case
to the highest court for a decision. In
denying the petition the court said: tf.'.
"In 1593 the Legislature created the of
flce of Commissioner of Public Works, de
fining Its duties and powers and fixing the
salary, and made an appropriation to
carry the purposes of the act into effect.
In 1*97 the Legislature passed an act en
titled 'An act to amend an act to create
a Commissioner of Public Works, defin
ing his duties and powers, prescribing his
compensation and making appropriation,
approved March 24. 1898, relating to the of
fice of the Commissioner of Public
Works.' Section 2 of this act is as fol
lows: 'This act and the act creating a
Commissioner of Public Works, defining
his duties and powers, prescribing his
compensation, approved March 24, 1593, re
lating to t"he office of Commissioner of
Public Works, of which this act is amend
atory, shall cease, terminate and be at an
end on the Ist day of March, ISM. and the
office of Commissioner created thereunder
and under said act approved March 24,
1883 and all officers and employes appoint
ed by said commission shall cease and
their employment thereafter shall be dis
continued and the State of California
shall ln no manner whatever be liable for
the compensation of the Commissioner or
employes employed by him or by said
commission after said date.'
"As to' the meaning of this language
there is not the least uncertainty. . It is
For Weak Men!
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt,
f Don't give up because drugs
v /""A _3_K_g _. Si^JtX* ~j have failed to help you regain
•^^^^^g^^^^g^j your natural vigor, t There are
J^L^^^^y^f^^K^x^A^t thousands of men who have
■_^^^___^'^-'^C^*__^^_m_L been cured by
JP^M^»W' DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S
\. s&a ! / ELECTRIC BELT.
V ¥*. *» / It is the one means of renew-
\ \y \^*m^/ _X / ing wasted vitality. It simply
>V — >\/^ Jf charges the nerves- and vital
V>-*. ' Jf parts with Electricity while you
ff sleep. When you get up in the
*rf^lTOß\^*^ t,v ---V«iiiiSW morning you feel that some-
llli^^> a L/milHi I thing *^ as been added to your
j|H»^^^^^|S| ill I powers — there is a new feeling,
I I •!■ I^^^f^^^lil ! ill! i new energy, ambition to hustle
tß HPw\i^^i! if and to cn -°- v life '
s^^W^^^*W F Call and see me a^ otit it or send
iv / ' for my boo - c * "Three Classes of Men,"
l\ WT / which I send, closely sealed, free,
V k * Call or direct
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, gßfS&^.'&SfS LSI
Otflo* Hour.— B a.m. to* 8:80 p.m.; Sunday.. 10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUGBTO*ftJ_&
I recognition In the swampy cemetery, and,
resealing them in a zinc covering soldered
i airtight, placed the body in a box and
j sent it with twenty-two others to the
I transport City of Puebla.
The Puebla arrived at San Francisco in
' the latter part of May last, and the box
, containing the hermetically sealed re
mains supposed to be those of young
I Deckelman was turned over to the under
| taker designated by his parents. It was
i decided that it would be best not to open
; the zinc case, and the body was lowered
1 Into the grave, the Deckelmans having
j paid religious tributes to the memory of
! their son without a farewell look at his
i face.
The suspicions of the elder Deckelman
I were not aroused till several days later,
j when he recalled the fact that the casket
did not seem to be heavy enough to con
tain the remains of his son. He commu
nicated this belief to Reinhard. who told
him that this was probably due to the
1 rapidity of decomposition, the remains
i being little more than a skeleton. Later
; on, Reinhard says, he was told by Deckel
i man that his son had been buried at
j Paranaque, and not at San Rogue. A re
i turned soldier, he said, had so told him.
Reinhard explained how -mistakes had
j been guarded against and the elder Deck
elman appeared to be satisfied. He was
not. however, for on the 11th of this
j month he got a permit from the Board
of Health to disinter the body. In com-
I pany with an undertaker, he went to the
j family plat and saw the casket raised and
; the zinc casing cut open. The remains
were practically in the same condition as
i described by Reinhard, little more than
j bones. The flesh was nearly all gone, so
I that not a single distinct feature re
j mained. On top of the skull, however,
! there was still a good sized patch of hair.
enough for the father to satisfy himself
I that it was not the hair of his son.
The hair of young Deckelman was light
I brown and very soft. The hair on the
I skull of the disinterred body was black
I and coarse. The father was overcome at
the discovery. It was a losing again of
the son he had mourned. He knew not
what to do, nor where to go to find the
body of his boy. He was haunted, too,
by the idea that by some strange chemi
cal charge in the swamps of San Rogue
the brown locks of his boy had become
; transformed into the black shock he saw
before him. He was at his wits' end and
I knew not which way to turn, resolving
: finally to have the remains relnterred.
The zinc covering was soldered up, the
: body was lowered and the grave filled in.
I There the remains are to-day, but
I whether or not they are those of his son
! or of a dead Filipino, the father of Fran-
I ci« Deckelman is at a loss to say.
Reinhard, who disinterred the body at
i San Rogue. says that there is no mis-
I take; the body is that of young Deckel
i man without a doubt.
contended, however, that the subject mat
ter of this section Is not embraced within
the title of the act and that it is there
fore vcid under article IV, section 24, of
the constitution, which declares that an
act shall embrace but one subject, which
subject shall be expressed in its title,
and that it shall be void as to matters not
so expressed. But the fixing of the term
or tenure of office under an act such as
this or the abolition of the offlce are all
matters embraced within or germane to
the subject of the original act, and they
may find an expression in an amendatory
act without specific mention of them in
the title of such amendatory act. Such
is the well settled rule based upon very
obvious considerations. Reference need
only be made to Cooley's Constitutional
Limitations, sixth edition, page 174. para
graph 3; and Sutherland on Statutory
Construction, section 97, et seq. _. -■
"It is further argued that an act passed
by the same Legislature at a date later
than the one under consideration shows a
definite purpose to continue the office be
yond the time expressed in the act for its
determination (Statutes of 1597, page 171).
By this last mentioned act an auditing
board for the Commissioner of Public
Works is created; but the amendatory act
continued the offlce in existence for about
two years, and there is nothing in the
latter act for the conclusion that the
Legislature meant to do other than to reg
ulate the affairs of the office during the
remaining period of its existence
"The application for the writ is denied.
■ ♦ ■
SHOPLIFTER CAPTURED.
Eva Rea Arrested in the Emporium
With Stolen Articles in Her
Possession.
Eva Rea, a housekeeper, 40 years of
age, living in the Eagle House on Third,
street, near Mission, went to the
Emporium yesterday afternoon prepared
to steal. She had a dress on with pock
ets all round it and a deep cloak.
Special Officers Allen and Tildeu
watched and suspected her and followed
her to her room. They returned to th*
store and in half an hour she made her
reappearance, and they caught her "in
the act." When searched she had a silk
waist, a leather belt, a cloth cap and a
can of beans In her pockets. She was de
tained till Allen went to her room, whera
he found a velvet cape, a collarette and
a handkerchief, which she had stolen on
her first visit. She was taken to the City
Prison, where a charge of petty larceny
was booked against her. All the articles
were booked as evidence.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver rather firmer.
Wheat and Barley weak.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Pink Beans rising rapidly.
Receipts of Hay more moderate.
Bran and Middlings firm.
Potatoes continue weak.
Tomatoes still high.
Butter weak and Eggs firm.
Poultry weak and quiet.
Fresh fruit about the same.
Some changes in Dried FrUit " . A.
Hams and Par.'. strong. Bacon steady.
Meat market unchanged.
Grain Bags firm. >
Decline ln Lucol.
New prices for Codfish.
THE COPPER TRADE.
Tlie product of the Copper mines ° f the ,
United States in long tons for the month of
June and the half year compare as follows.
Six
June. Months.
IMC 19.300 120,487
IMS .*;;;...... 22.010 :.'.-: !S4
- Exports' of Copper from United f States _ or
June and the half year compare as to } lov!^tf
June. Months.
™, 9.556 68.*»l
}™ 10.0-J2 56,400
**> /y
WEATHER REPORT.
(130 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 21, 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 62 fan Dies*©-- «
Fresno •'' Sacramento »>
Los Angeles S4 Independence 9.
Red Bluff « *iuma «r-
Ban Luis Obispo SO' . ,__
San Francisco data- Maximum temperature,
60: minimum. 50: mean. 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen steadily over the coast
and the depressed central over .>evuua n<is o<=.n
forced slowly eastward.
There has heen a marked change •** the tem
perature over the northern half of the I , a ;' l ™-
Coast Over Oregon. Washington and Idaho
the temperature has fallen from 8 to 14 degrees
and the weather is abnormally cool.
Rain is reported at Portland. Baker City and
from the mouth of the Columbia River nortn
-^Pleasant weather with seasonable tempera
ture is reported, throughout California.
In the vicinity of San Francisco there is a
vertical thermal gradient of one decree rise
or IV* feet of elevation, which is slightly be
low the usual summer gradient.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Winnemucca. 36 miles per hour, from
the southwest; Eureka. 26 miles, from the
northwest; San Francisco, 2S miles, trom the
west, and Mount Tamalpals. 40 miles, from the
n Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight July 22. 1*99:
Northern California-Fair Saturday: warmer
in the valleys, with brisk northerly winds,
fresh westerly winds on the coast, with fog
Saturday afternoon.
Southern California-Fair Saturday; warmer
In th) Interior: fresh northerly winds inland.
wester:-. wihds on ' ■'-« coast. : ■
Nevada— Cloudy Saturday, with showers in
eastern portion early Saturday morning;
warmer Saturday night h --,._— ,.
Utah— Cloudy Saturday: probably showers.
m Ar?zor_T-Soudy Saturday; showers in the
mountains early Saturday morning.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair I Saturday:
warmer In the forenoon: northerly changing to
brisk westerly winds, with fog In the gate at
•Qlirht. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Di o r,t. a ■* Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK, July 21.— The stock market was
flu to-day for the whole list, but the tone ;
•was firm "and prices were higher than those
of la?' night. The Grangers were especially in : ,
good demand and ruled for the greater part of j ;
the day at about a point above yesterday. Bur
llngton and Rock Island showed special ,
strength and there was some evidence of man
lpulation In these two stocks. Much talk was
heard of Burlington's large earnings for June
and rumors were afloat of a coming Increase
In Rock Island dividend rate, which was.
however without official sanction. London j
■was a decided factor in the day's higher prices
and buying for thai account in New lorK
was estimated as high as 20,000 shares prin
cipally of Louisville md Nashville. Money
conditions were apparently much easier In
London and the sterling exchange rate here
-worked lower In sympathy in spite of the
lower tendency of the local money rates. All
apprehension of shipments of gold to-morrow
was dissipated early in the day with a bene- '
ficial effect on speculative sentiment. The
Influences from abroad ■'■' : " all favorable ex
cept a fall In French rentes and a decline
In the sterling exchange rate at Paris, which
suggested increased money need at that cen- j
ter Considerering the dullness of the mar
ket th. scop? of the dealings was remarkably !
broad a large number of usually Inactive |
stocks coming Into activity and registering I
sharp gains Among these were Colorado and ,
Southern first preferred. Colorado Fuel, the :
Smelting Stocks, Lead and Pacific Mail. Not :
all 0 { these gains were held, the market drop
ping away somewhat in the intense dullness
,; the late trading. The local traction stocks
were all in pretty good demand, Brooklyn
Transit rising an extreme l"4c and closing up ;
l%c. Sugar was inclined to be heavy through
out the day on rumors of new developments
in the opposition. Some hesitation was caused
in the late dealings by doubts as to the char- j
acter of to-morrow's bank statement, changes ,
in the cash item being problematical. Prices
were marked up li some cases just before the
close, giving a steady tone to the final trans-;
actions. .",_'.
Bonds were dull, but prices were slightly
higher. Total sales, par value, $1,600,000.
United States 3s registered and the new 4s
registered declined %, while the old 4s regis
tered advanced % In the bid price.
NEW TORE STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
2,100 Atchison 19% ,
22,200 Atchison prefd 61% !
520 Baltimore & Ohio 47% j
„ Canadian Pacific .' '.'7
100 Canada Southern 53%
630 Central Pacific 51*4
1,200 Chesapeake Se Ohio 28*4 '
3.420 Chicago Great Western 14%
15.390 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 6*s*
100 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 9% [
Chicago, Ind A- Louisville prefd — 41
Chicago. & Eastern Illinois 73*.
1,000 Chicago & Northwestern 159 j
87,285 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 118*54 j
C C C & St Louis 58
Colorado Southern 4"i
900 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 44 ;
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 10% ;
Delaware & Hudson 122 j
Delaware Lack -.- Western 166 !
500. Denver & Bio Grande 21% j
600 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 75% j
Erie 13%
387 Erie Ist prefd 36V_ ;
Great Northern prefd 166 i
200 Hocking Coal 13% |
Hocking Valley 21
0.,"95 Illinois Central 116%
1,000 lowa Central 12**4
1.450 lowa Central efd 61
2,100 Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gulf 7%
100 Lake. Erie & Western IS .
270 Lake: Erie ■& Western prefd 75'
Lake Shore 200
4.670 Louisville & Nashville 73%
8,660 Manhattan 1- 118%
4,652 Metropolitan Street Railway 212%
2,'j00 Mexican Central 15%
Minneapolis & St Louis 54%
Minneapolis X: St Louis prefd. . 90
9.096 Miss, Pacific i 48%
3,200 Mobile & Ohio 45
300 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 11% I
1.200 Missouri Kansas & Texas , refd . . . "4%
300 New Jersey Central 116%
4,970 New York Cenu-al 139%
Norfolk *_ Western -20%
2.080 Norfolk & Western —fd 70%
4,025 Northern Paritic 50%
2.010 Northern Pacific prefd 77%
1,400 Ontario <& Western 26%
„ ; Oregon I way & Nay 40
..* ... Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 7.".
3.050 Pennsylvania 135%
39i) Reading 20%
-800 Reading Ist prefd 60% i
2,400 Reading 2d prefd S3
Rio Grande Western 30
Rio Grande Western prefd 79
SI Louis & San Francisco 10%
St Louis & Ban Francisco Ist prefd. 68
200 St Louis A San Francisco 2d prefd. 37%
4,irso St Louis "Southwestern 1 1 -,
9 950 st Louis Southwestern prefd 36%
12,810 St Paul 132
St Paul prefd 173%
100 St Paul & Omaha 107 "
400 Southern Pacific 21%
500 Southern Railway 11%
1,626 Southern Railway prefd 51%
4.050 Texas & Pacific 22%
4.050 Union Pacific 43%
; ISE Union Pacific prefd 77%
240 Wabash 7%
1.450 Wabash prefd 22%
2,200 Wheeling .-.- Lake Erie 9%
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 24%
Wisconsin Central iv 4
Express Companies
160 Adams 112%
American 137
United States 48.
,  Wells Far-;.. 125
.■'-. Miscellaneous— .
340 American Cotton Oil 411,4
American Cotton Oil prefd 92%
American Malting 17%
ISO American Malting prefd.- 69%
2,600 American Smelting & R 33
750 American Smelting & R prefd 86
American Spirits 62
...'American Spirits prefd. 29
300 .American Steel Hoop 29".
200 American Steel Hoop prefd 76
7,600 American Steel & Wire ..66
40-0 American Steel & Wire .prefd 95%
400 American Tin Plate 38
100 American Tin Plate prefd............ 84*.
7,000 American Tobacco 97%
American Tobacco prefd 143
4.200 Anaconda Mining Co 58
36,100 Brooklyn Rapid Transit H" 1 *
750 Colorado Fuel & Iron 45%
3,150 Continental Tobacco 41
775 Continental Tobacco prefd 81%
' 282 Federal Steel 58%
1,210 Federal Steel prefd *%
200 General Electric ..120%
100 Glucose Sugar 63
Glucose Sugar prefd ''''
300 International Paper 41'
1,000 International Paper prefd 78%
1,225 Laclede Gas '•>*
1,200 National Biscuit 47%
National Biscuit prefd 100^
1,050 National Lead 3**
National Lead prefd...! *'-
400 National Steel 4 9 %
1,200 National Steel prefd *}
C 75 New York Air Brake 203 =
300 North American Jl-%
Pacific Coast 38
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 84
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 6o
5.240 Pacific Mail 45 %
2,960 People's Gas '. n>
200 Pressed Steel Car 61
250 Pressed Steel Car prefd 83%
Pullman Palace Car 159%
140 Standard Rope .t Twine 7*i
14,620 Sugar 15 <%
Sugar prefd l ln,.
6.000 Tennessee Coal & Iron 69%
3.425 United States Leather 6*54
'9.040 United States Leather prefd '•'
1,600 United States Rubber *0% i
100 United States Rubber prefd 115%
Western Union »<>*_
314,589 shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 100%! Do 4s 93
Do 3s 108% N V Central 15t5.. 112%
Do coup 109 N J Cent gen 55. .121
U S new 4s reg 129 North Carolina 68.135
Do coup 130 I Do 4s 109
U S old 4s reg....l*2VN P Ists 117
Do coup 113 I Do 3s 107
U B 5s reg 111% i Do 4s 103%
Do coup 112% N V C & S L 45. ..107%
District 3.85s .......119 Nor & W Con 45.. PS-
Ala class A 108 I Do gen fis 135 I
Do B log lOr Nay Ists 113*.
Do C 108 | Do 4s 101%
Do Currency 93 OS Line 6s 113% I
Atch gen 4s 102% O S Line con 65... .11.2
Do adjt 4s 85' Rending Gen 4s ... BS%
Canada So 2ds ....111% R G W Ists 99%
C & O 4%s 97% S L & I M Con 58.113%
Do sfl 119 SL & S F Gen 65. 124%
C & N Con 7s 145 ISt P Con 170
Do deb 5s ... 122% St P C & P 15t5.. .121
Chicago Term 45... 99% Do 5s J 121%
R G W Ists 105% So Ry 5s 109%
Do 4s 100 Standard R*T6s 85
E T Ya & Ga 1et5. 102% Term new set 3»... 96%
Erie Gen 4s 72% Tex & Vac i5t5. ...116
Ft W & D C Ists.. 78%' Do 21s ; 66
Gen Elec 5s 118 1* P4s 106%
«; H& S A 6s 113 Wabash Ists 116%
Do 2ds 108 ; Do 2ds 102%
H & T c os; 110 West Shore 4s 114% :
Do Con 6s 112 Wis Cent Ists .... 75%
lowa Cent Ists ..113 Ya Centuries 86%
La new con 4s 10*6 Do deferred 8%
L & N Uni 4s 99% C & S 4s 89%
M X & T 24s 68%
MINING STOCKS.
("hollar 28! Ontario 6 50 j
Crown Point 20;Ophtr 100
Con Cal & Ya 1 90. Plymouth 1° j
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 2 10 ;
Gould & Curry.... 34! Do prefd 8 00;
Hale & Norcross.'. 31: Sierra Nevada 58 i
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 4" j
Iron Silver 50 Union Con 32
Mexican 50 Yellow Jacket 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 94%
Call loans 3®4 > Do prefd .: 114% I
Time loans 3@4" Westingh Elec .... 49% I
Stocks— Wis Cent 14% I
Atch T & St Fe.... 19%; Bonds-
Do prefd 61% Atchison 4s 100% j
Amer Sugar 157 Mining Shares—
Do prefd 118% Adventure 9
Bell Tel 346 Allouez Mm Co 7% j
Boston & Albany. 26s lAtlantic 30 i
Boston I, 109 ! Boston & Mont....
Boston & Maine. .158 Butte & Boston 76
ill Bur & Q 136% Calumet & Hecla..Slo i
Ed Elec 111 200 Centennial ...' 3* I
Fitchburg prefd ..117 IFranklin 10
Gen Electric 120 (Humboldt 2
Fed Steel . ' isceola 87
Do prefd '.. 79% : Parrott 53
Mcx Cent vls Quincy, ex-div 165
Mich Tel 57% i Santa Fe Copper.. 13'_
Old Colony 205 Tamarack 221
Old Dominion 37% Winona 31
Rubber 50% Wolverines 46%
Union Pacific 4:'.% Utah 43% ;
Union Land 7%
THE MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 21.— Money on call, steady,
at 3%@4 per cent: last loan. 3%. Prime mer
cantile paper, 3%®4% per cent. Sterling ex- I
Change easier, with actual business ln bankers i
bills at $4 87-?r4 87*_ for di man 1 and at $4 87% j
-a 4 87% for 60 days: posted rates, $4 SorgM 86 and j
(ii' 4 SS'-ff 4 *S%. Commercial bills, $4 S3* 2 : silver ;
'. certificates. 60®61c; bar silver. 60% c; Mexican
dollars. 18c Government bonds, Irregular;
State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, firm.
. CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. July 21.— To-day's statement
;of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail- >
; able cash balance, $279,879,868; gold reserve, I
5244.620,595.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 21, —The Commercial Ad- j
'. vertlser's London financial cablegram says: i
The markets here were slack to-day in view
of the pending settlement. The tone was firm.
Americans were cheerful all day, but business j
in them was of infinitesimal proportions.
CLOSING.
LONDON, July Canadian Pacific. 100; '
Northern Pacific preferred, 79%; Union Pacific j
preferred. 79; Atchison, 20; Grand Trunk, 7%;
Anaconda, '!'_ I
Bar silver, steady, 27 H-16d per ounce; money, j
\ 2 per cent. j
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
I NEW YORK. July 21.- Bradstreet's Financial
I Review will say to-morrow:
Exceedingly narrow conditions have prevail- !
ied this week in the securities market. The j
i customary suspension of its activity at this '
! period of the year has been aggravated by the I
j continued firmness of money, by the uncer- I
j tainty of the financial position and of specu- j
! lation In the foreign markets and by the in- j
; creased symptom of stringency and nothing to j
j enforce liquidation of holdings of stocks. The .
fad that crop prospects at the West are ex- |
: tremely favorable, the outlook for a phenome- '
: nal yield of corn in particular being very j
' bright, has also checked bearish activity and j
I caused some purchasing of the granger stocks, {
I based on the idea thai largely increased earn
; ings are assured in properties. Current rail- I
j road earnings are, Indeed, very satisfactory, |
; and the industrial business situation ln the I
I whole gives confidence to Wall street as to the |
; future of the stock market, modified somewhat j
by the Idea that such a state of affairs will ;
lead to an augmented demand, for money and j
! Ifuth divert capital from speculation and in- i
, duce a higher range of interest rates.
The example of the London money market,
! where the somewhat stringent conditions that
; have lately prevailed, are attributed to the ac
i tivity of trade throughout Great Britain and
1 the consequent demand for mercantile accom- |
I modations, have not escaped the attention of
i the market and furnish the basis for compar
'■ isons between the position at London and what i
jis possible here. During the earlier da . of
; the week the stringency of money at London
and the firmness of exchange rates here
i caused apprehension that the recent outflow of
gold would be renewed, but such fears were
not realized, and the appearance of an easier
tone in the principal foreign money market,
with the absence of the expected advance in
the Bank of England's rate of discount on j
Thursday, was accounted as a favorable fac- :
tor.
The strike on the Brooklyn Transit system
and the similar disturbances on some of the j
I Metropolitan Street Railway lines in Manhat- '
; tan borough had less effect than might have
I been anticipated, though the stocks of both i
i corporations were depressed and the incident,
j particularly in the early portion of the week, j
; created additional caution in professional cir
cles. 1' is, however, one of the maxims of I
Wall street that bear movements based on
labor troubles are seldom if ever profitable to .
short sellers of the stocks affected. For this \
reason and because of 'he support extended to
the traction stocks they did not yield mate
rially and in fact showed some* response to the
latter developments, tending to show the weak
ness of the strike. There were no new deals "•
j in the railroad world, though suggestions .of
coming developments of thai kind continue to
crop out and have an influence in checking any '■
' disposition to sell stocks. In view of these
different factors, the market has been alto
gether professional in character and quality,
with Irregular fluctuations and without bearish
tendencies thai some of the events of the week
! might have suggested.
BRADSTREET'S ON TRADE CONDITIONS.
NEW YORK, July" 21.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: The general trade situation has
apparently lost nothing in strength. The ag
gregate of midsummer business is of an un
precedented volume and signs of expansion ln
the demand for fall and winter goods Increase.
Prices, except for the cereals', coffee; raw su
gar and dairy products, are either firmly held
or tend upward. Notable among the products
advancing are pork products, petroleum, copper,
tin, tin plate and raw wool, while the list of
products unchanged includes refined sugar,
hides, leather, lead and cotton. Crop prospect
are encouraging, the movement of grain to
market is of Immense volume and railroad
earnings consequently continue to show large
increases over preceding years.
- Possibilities that the present corn crop will
equal if not exceed the largest on record have
.depressed prices of this cereal to an extent
equal to the decrease In wheat. The corn yield
in Kansas, particularly, promises to be enor
mous, always providing that hot winds do not
affect the crop.
Iron and steel retain all of their old strength
and while prices at the East are unchanged
J further advances ln crude and manufactured
THE SAN FEAN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 22, 1899.
material are noted at Chicago. Inquiry by
Bradstreet's shows that the scarcity of sup
plies in this industry has exercised some in
fluence upon industrial operations. Several
mills at the West are reported idle because of
lack of material. Structural forms of Iron
and steel are also backward in delivery and
some new work has been discouraged by fears
that supplies of material will not be forth-
C "textile circles the situation is one of __
In textile circles the situation is one of un
abated strength, but particularly i: « .00l i and
woolen goods. Manufacturers are freer buyers
at the East and their agents are purchasing
heavily at the West. Quotations for fine grades
are consequently higher all around, in tne
market for finished goods orders are of la-ge
volume, particularly in worsteds, .and some con
cerns are cutting down consumers orders,
claiming inability to deliver.
The Jobbing demand for dry goods is in
creasing slowly at the East and the prospects
are regarded as highly encouraging.
Advices from the boot and shoe trade s are
generally satisfactory and little difficulty Is .
experienced in obtaining the advanced quota
tions demanded. An example of earlier activity
in this line is furnished by the report that
Boston shipments for the first half of this year
exceed those of last by over 3.000.000 pairs,
Leather is active and hides are firm, with a
good margin of profit reported in the lormer
industry. , _J__ .-,
Business failures for the week number I*4.
as compared with 174 last week 188 licthe £°. -
responding week of last* year. 220 in 189., 280 in
1596 and 239 In 1895. , _ _
Business failures ln the Dominion of tan
ady number 1?. as against 27 last week. 1' li
this week a year ago, 21 in 1897, 31 in 1896 and
25 In 1595. , 
% Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 3*408.083 bushels, against 3.263.- ;
817 last week. 2.303.469 in the . corresponding
week of 1898. 1,978.828 In 1897, 3,073,. 30 in 1896
and 1,283,096 In 1895. . _,»,__♦
Since July I, this season, the exports of wheat
aggregate 10.430.860 bushels, against 7,49/, **Js
last year and 6,003,526 in 1897-98.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, July 21.— R. G. Dun & Co's
weekly review of trade will say:
Optimism is always popular, but more than
half the time dangerous. Several years of
halting and reaction historically follow three
of rapid progress. But the three of progress
have not yet passed and the cautious search
discloses no sign of halting. Foreign anxie
ties have been real, but they seem to be pass- I
Ing and Europe has begun paying liberally
for more food without expectation that secur- ;
ities can be sent in settlement. The expensive ;
labor strikes have vanished and the local ;
troubles do not affect national business. Fears j
of new and powerful corporations lessen as It
is found that they are controlled by the same
laws which govern the small companies.
Above all. the general evidences of prosper- |
ity continue convincing, failures are the small
est ever known for the season, railroad earn- j
ings the largest and solvent payments through I
clearing houses in July have been 48.6^ per
cent larger than last year and 62.3 larger than
in 1892. the best previous years.
The official returns of the most wonderful
year in the nation's commerce show a de- \
! crease of Jb5.900.000 in value of the great staples
IFeai-^of deficient crops has been buried un- j
der Western receipts from farms amounting
I to 13 661 046 bushels of wheat for the month
! thus far, against 3,773,108 last year, and 15,298,
--! 655 bushels of corn, against 6.612.31., last year.
Exports.* of wheat, Atlantic and Pacific, have i
i been 7 709 193 bushels during the month thus
' far, against 7,399,259 last year, and of corn |
9.093.041 bushels, igainsi 5,087,857 last . year.
Prices declined sharply with assurance of |
! ample supplies— wheat 3 cents and corn -*-
■ cents— which is the more significant in view
|of the previous heavy exports of both. Cot
| ton also is gaining abroad largely, though lie
i price remains $6 19. . , , , __ I
Pig ron has not advanced this week, but
1 advances have occurred in finished products,
j steel rails to $30 at Pittsburg, billets to $34.
' sheet bars to (3550, sheets to 3 cents at Pitts-
I burg, and cut and wire nails both $3 per ton.
The American Tin Plate Company -settled
with Its men by granting 15 per cent more
! wages and raised the price of plates 50 cents
per box. Still demand does not abate, though ]
works have to refuse many orders. In plates
! one large order for shipment to the Clyde was
I received. In bars less urgency of demand ap-
I pears In the East, but in sheets works are
about filled for the year, and in structural
shapes, besides 3500 tons for bridges and 1200
for buildings at Chicago, a proposal is re-.
ported for 000 tons to build a palace for the
Mikado of Japan.
Coke Is unchanged in price and likely to !
break the record for production this month.
Tin Is lifted to (28 90 by wild speculation; cop
; per is firm at 18*£ cents, and lead is said to be ]
sold by the smelting companies below $4 60,
the quoted price.
Wool is still advancing, Coates Brothers' cir- ;
I cular of the 15th showing a rise of 2.19 cents
since May 15, speculation being particularly
actlve in fine wool because It Is rising abroad,
though in less demand for manufacture here
I than combing and medium grades. At the
i three markets 35.956,500 pounds have been sold
| In three weeks, against 34.124,700 pounds in the
I same weeks of 1897, before the present tariff
! was enacted.
j Manufacturers do not appear to be buying
largely, though the demand is better and has I
caused an advance in textiles and some other
kinds. Cotton goods are unchanged but fairly
' -adv.
Leather is in good demand and slightly :
higher and hides at Chicago rise slightly with;
i limited receipts.
Failures for the week have been 140 In the
j United States, against 207 last year, and 23 in'
j Canada, against 17 last year.
. BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW* YORK, July 21.— The . following table. j
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear-
I ings at the principal cities for the week ended i
I July 21, with the percentage of increase and j
i decrease as compared with the corresponding i
: week last year.:
Percentage. j
Cities— • Inc. Dec. ;
i New York (1,045,513,260 54.4 .... !
: Boston 155,205.668 62.6 j
' Chicago 115,411,836 20.7 .... I
Philadelphia 55.443.174 28.5 .... 1
St Louis 37,210,951 39.7 ....
j Pittsburg 2.*. 441. 17:* 3.7.4 ....
I Baltimore 23.5*3.050 36.1 !
i San Francisco 21,003.677 67.2
I Cincinnati 13,933,800 ''.4 .... ]
| Kansas City 10,879.651 14.3 .... !
I New Orleans 6,271.550 5.3
i Minneapolis 8.976,324 61.4
! Detroit 8.15.7,763 30.9
1 Cleveland 10,922,917 39.3
! Louisville - 8.027,403 16.7
| Providence 6,482,10") 18.3 ....
I Milwaukee 6.1h5,532 33.2 ....
! St. Paul 4.3*13.522 23.9
i Buffalo 4,739 23.7
j Omaha 5,949.506 5.5
! Indianapolis 6.327,862 8.7
j Columbus, 0 5,040,300 41.3
Savannah 2.109,613 27.5
! Denver 3,331,998 35.2
i Hartford 3.344.193 14.1
! Richmond 3,360.666 2".l
| Memphis 1.834.103 .... 2.9
! Washington 2,355,031 6.9
j Peoria 2,023,664 66.6
1 Rochester 1,910,632 12.0
! New Haven 1,780,569 9.8
i Worcester 1. 728 5.9
Atlanta 1,376,419 22.0
| Salt hake city 3,370.167 70.6
! Springfield, Mass... 1,654,216 15.0
; Fort Worth 2.026.442 6**.3 ....
I Portland, Me 1,581,084 13.3
Portland. Or 2.019.617 53. S
St Joseph 3,664,976 39.9 ....
Los Angeles 1,672,454 27.5
Norfolk 1.3.14,173 52.
Syracuse 1,025,276 .... 16.4
I Dei Moines :... 1,517.275 52.2 —
Nashville 1,217,881 15. 6
! Wilmington, Del... 881,803 27.8 ....
! Fall River 775,693 18.8 ....
j Scranton 1.025,729 20.7
Grand Rapids 1.048,810 20.0
Augusta, <*.a 760,601 31.9
Lowell 638,526 .... 20.4
Dayton, 0 1,026.356 41.3
Seattle 1,859.713 68.6 ....i
Tacoma 724, 21.2 .... j
Spokane 1,046,534 16.2 ' ....
Sioux City 833,287 11.9 ....
New Bedford 886,325 70.3 % ....
. Knoxvllle. Term .. 661,738 56.9
Topeka 600,802 . 6.9
Birmingham 691.620 110.
' Wichita 439,021 2.8
I Binghamton 415,900 29.6
Lexington, Ky .... 474,622 33.9
Jacksonville, Fla.. 175.940 .... 19.3
Kalamazoo 369,938 26.3
Akron 501.000 52.7
Chattanooga ?()0.77R .... 11.7
Rockford, 111 281.233 42.6
Canton. O 311,300 43.9
; Springfield, O ..... 419.784 122.8
Fargo, N. D...' 255.340 56.3 .....
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 136,429 41.6
Hastings, Nebr.... 107.659 20.2
Fremont. Nebr 125,805 64.4
Davenport 777,263 26.7 ....
Toledo 3,051,000 62.7
Houston 4,496.331 7.9
Youngstown, 0 286.862 .... 12.1
Evansvllle 802.986 7.5
Hi lena 553,954 10.3 .....
Macon 890,000 17.8
Little Rock 323.444 .... ....
Springfield. 111 417.259 Si. s
Totals. F. S (1,681,620.431 46.1
Totals outside of -;'.';-•■
New York 636,107.171 .32.2
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal ■■* 15.656.670 20.2
Toronto . 9,114,898 21.8
Winnipeg 1.876,999 27.1
Halifax 1.441.229 14.8 ' ....
Hamilton 787.310 11.6
St. John. N. B 826,943 34.0
Vancouver. B. C... 811,581 .... ' ....
Victoria, B. C 832,754 '
Totals $ 29.704.049 20.9
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July 21.— FLOUR—
17,256 barrels; exports, 2844. Weak and a shade
lower. Demand is mostly for spring patents In
sacks. Minnesota patents, • (3 75(g3 85; do
bakers', $3@3 15; winter straights, $3 40®
3 50; winter extras, $2 40@2 80.
• .WHEAT— Receipts. 223,725 bushels: exports.
8040. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 75% cf. o. b.
afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 77"ic f. o.
b. afloat spot; No. 1 hard Duluth, 81*_c f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened steady and experienced
a sharp rise on unfavorable crop rumors, re
ported destruction of the Chile crop and cover
ing. Subsequently, however, a growing dls
position to unload weakened the market and
the advance was lost, helped by small clear
ances and export demand, and closed weak at
%c net decline. July 75@76Vic, closed 75c; Sep
tember, v "6*i,c, closed -75%e; December,
77(_:7S'.vc. closed 77c.
HOPS—
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— Options closed steady. 5 points
higher to 5 points lower. Sales. 15,500 bags,
Including: August, $4 35; September, $4 45; Oc
tober, $4 50; November, (4 55: December, (4 85 a
4 90; February, $5; March, $5 05. Spot coffee—
Rio. dull and easy; mild, quiet.-
SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining. So^c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4 7-16 c; molasses sugar, S^c;
refined, steady but quiet. _. , .
BUTTER— Receipts, 5311 packages. Market
steady; Western creamery, 16@18c; factory, 1
@14%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 4933 packages. Irregular;
Western, H-glSc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
' California" dried fruits quiet. ,_»-,.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6*"_®7*_c;
prime wire tray, S%@S%c; choice, S*i'g9c; fancy,
9"_@9"_c.
PRUNES— 3%®S%c,
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 14c: Moorpark, 14c.
PEACHES— Unpeeied, 9@llc.
NEW YORK METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 21.— Tin continues to at
tract leading attention in the metal market.
To-day there was a further advance of 75 to
87% points. The close was strong, with prices
still tending upward on heavy demand from
consumers and very favorable reports rrom
Western and European markets. At the close
i the Metal Exchange called:
HON -Warrants nominal at $14.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $18 60.
TlN— Unsettled, with $29 75 bid and $30 Zo
LEAD— Unchanged, with $4 55 bid and $4 67%
asked. The brokers' price for lead is $4 3. ana
for copper $18 50. /
SPELTER— Unchanged at (6 25.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 21.— Wheat opened easy and
%c lower at 70% c for September. Liverpool
was slightly higher, but receipts were larger
and crop prospects good. September sold off
immediately to 70% c. Argentine shipments for
the week' were reported at 1.344,000 bushels, as
compared with 16,000 bushels last year. Con
tinental demand was reported not large, but
still a demand, and predictions of showers in
the Northwest, following other predictions of
more favorable weather, caused some buying
!on which September rallied to 71 ! ' c. Spring
i wheat, on which all speculative eyes are set.
was reported damaged ln Washington. The
demand was soon filled ln the pit and after
holding for a time around 71c. September
started on an Irregular decline, which ended
only with the adjournment of the board. Puts
at 70% c served to check the slide only tem
porarily. _ _.
Corn advanced early on buying by shorts, but
the gain was lost in sympathy with wheat.
September closed %@%c lower.
There was very little business In oats Sep
tember closed *:C off. __■_».,* _
Provisions early were firm with a 10c ad
vance in hogs. The edge was taken off the |
market, however, by liquidation. September
pork closed 2%c over yesterday and lard and
ribs ruled dull, Closing unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat' Na 7.... 70 tf-' *>i „,,
July 70 70% 6*1% 69%
September 70% 7114 69% 70
December 72*1 73 71% 71%
July rn .* °:.. 2 7 32% 32% 32*. 32%
i September 32% 32% 31% 81%
ember 30% 31 30% 30%
J_lv tS . >-. 2 ~ 24% 24% 24% 24%
' September 20 «*% 19% 19%
May .....:.. 22 22% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, per barrel— _ _■
September 920 9 27% 9 17% 920
October "... 3 27% 9 27% 920 920
j Lard, per 100 pounds—
September 555 560 505 655
October 5 65 5 65 5 60 5 60
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
I September -.5 22% 5 27% 520 520
October 530 530 5 22% 626
Cash quotations were as follows: ;
Flour easy: No. 3 spring wheat, 66%@69%C,
No 2 red 71% c; No. 2 corn. 32%@33c; -no. 2
oat's. 24% c; No. 3 white, 24@27%c; No. 2 rye. 52%
r-,-53c- No. 1 flax seed. 99c@$l; prime timothy
seed, $2 47* A: mess pork, per barrel, (9 05@9 10,
lard, per 100 pounds. (5 37*_<_?a 50; short ribs
sides (loose). (5 10@5 30; dry salted shoulders
(boxed) --'-...■; short clear sides (boxed). (6 40
ffi s 45- 'whisky, distillers* finished goods, per
gallon, $1 26; "sugar, cut loaf, unchanged; gran- j
ulated, unchanged. i
Articles— Receipts. Shipments. :
Flour barrels H.OOO 8,000
Wheat. bushels ,99.000 * 43.000
Corn, bushels 447.000 687.000
Oats, bushel" 220.000 26, .000
Rye. bushels 2,000 '•','AAA
Barley, bushels ■•'■■* ! ° -°°_
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Putter
market was weak. Creameries, 13%@1<%c;
Dairies, U@l6c Cheese. B%@9c. Eggs, fresh, .
ll%c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— J«ly- SeP l - Dec '
Opening 5 6% 6 8% 5 10
Closing 5 6% •> 8% » 10% ,
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat- J"'*** S *P --^ ?; '
Opening ::::::;:;::::::-—::::: 88 SH
Closing 20 10 ■» M
y-— //.::::::::::::::: -8 8 28 25
cfoslngf *" W: 28 30
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at auction to-day, realizing the following ;
j prices:
BOSTON, July 21.— Early Crawford Peaches,
boxes, $1 30<51 65, average $1 59; Foster Peaches.
$1 .r.'.j'i 60. average $1 46; Bartlett Pears, (2*2
; 40, average $2 08: St. John Peaches, boxes,
j average $1 42; Imperials, $1 06@1 35. average 1
$1 19; Burbank Plums, single crates, 75c<S$l 55.
average $1 15; Tragedy Prunes, single crates, '
; $1 10®] 30, average $1 17. Six cars sold.
NEW YORK, July 21.— Wickson Plums, single
crates $1 75@3, average $2 .15; Bartlett Pears,
boxes, $2 351J2 66, average $2 42; Crawford
Peaches, boxes, (1 10®1 55, average $1 32: Yel
low Free Peaches, average (128: Foster
Peaches 60c@(l 45, average $1 29; St. Johns. 35c
'fifl 35, average $1 20; Imperials, average $12";
Tragedy Prunes, single crates, 95c@$l 35, aver
age $1 09; Burbank Plums, single crates, ***] 25
fa l 45. average 51 34.
MONTREAL, July 21.— Rradshaw Plums, sin
gle crates average $2 15; Purple Duane Plums.
Single crates, $1 70@2; Strawberry Cling
Peaches boxes, average $1 40; Tragedy Prunes.
single crates. 51 15®1 35, average (1 20; German ;
Prunes single crates, average $1 25; Bartlett
Pears 'boxes average (2 25; Hale's Early
Peaches boxes, 51 I"''/ 1 2". average $118; Sat
suma J'iums, single crates, $1 leal 35, average
$1 21.
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, July 21.— cattle market was
unchanged to-day with the usual small Fri-*
day receipts. Good to fancy, $4 45@5 86; com
moner grades, $4 46® 6 20; stockers and feeders,
(3 50@4 75; bulls, cows and heifers, (2®5 10;
calves, $4 50©6 75; Western fed steers, $4 65®
6 66; Texas steers, (3 50(if 5 25.
Hogs sold at about 10c advance from to-day's !
opening. Heavy hogs, $4 10-ft'4 «0; mixed lots.
(4 20-84 60; light hogs, $4 30@4 60; pigs. (3 75<_*
4 25: culls and rough lots. $2*34 10.
Sheep sold about unchanged at $2 25®4 20 for
culls up to (5®5 25 for prime docks. Range
sheep, (3 60(!?4 65; native ewes, (3 75@4 25; year
lings, (4 60@6 60; feeders, $3 60®3 76; lambs sold
at $3 50@7.
Receipts— Cattle, 2000; hogs, 26,000; sheep,
1 5000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July 21.— Consols. 107 3-16; silver.
27 11-16 d; French rentes, lOOf Ssc; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers indifferent operators; cargoes
on passage, nominally unchanged.
•LIVERPOOL, July 21.— WHEAT— Dull; wheat
in Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, steady: French
country markets, weak; weather in England,
overcast.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 11-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 2 red Western, dull, 5s B%d.
Futures, steady; July. 5s 6%d; September, 5s
&%(\-. December, 5s 10% d.
Futures, steady: July. 3a 4%d; Sep
tember. 3s 4%d: October, 3s 4%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 21.— Clearings, (245,
--343; balances. $47,5.12.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
N OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 21.— The local Wheat
market continues heavy and is gradually falling
away to a lower level. For Walla Walla 56i!**
57c Is quoted, but no one is anxious for business
at the latter figure and no one anxious to sell
at either. Valley is dull at 58®58%c; blue stem
nominally 60c, with no demand.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 21.— Wheat maintains
the even price that has ruled all the week, 57c
for club and 60c for blue stem.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — (4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — . 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 10 -
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12*_
Mexican Dollars ' — 49*_@50
Fine Silver, per ounce ;. — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Chicago opened dull and weak, and
operators were bearish and short. The first
news was bearish. There were no shippers in
market, and the bears depressed prices on
heavy Argentine shipments of 1,350.000 bushels.
Northwest temperatures were more favorable,
but South Dakota temperatures were less so.
The bulls turned sellers. ,
Later on the market hardened on a %d ad
vance at Liverpool and wires from Tacoma that
the Oregon and Washington crops were cut
down 50 per cent by hot winds. The North
western markets were stronger.
The local situation was dull, with a decline
In futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 0501 07%; milling,
$1 OS%@l 12%. '
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
8000 ctis, $1 13%.
Second session— December— lß,ooo' ctis. $1 13%.
Regular morning session— May— l6.ooo ctis.
$1 17. December— 2ooo ctis, $1 13%; 56.000, $1 13%:
22,000, $1 13%. " ' .
Afternoon session— December— 4ooo ctis, $113%:
12,000, $1 13% 46.000. $1 13%. Mav— lo.ooo, $1 17.
BARLEY— The A.dencraig takes for Lelth
70.643 ctis, valued at $75,942.
Feed holds up. but the shippers are quoting
still lower prices for export descriptions.
Feed, new, 92%097%c; Brewing. 97%c051:
old Brewing, $1 05© 1 10; Chevalier. $1 12%** ' 15
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o:ls o'clock December
ctis, 90c: 4000. 90% c.
Second session No sales.
Regular morning session— Seller '99, new—
ctis. S7>Ac; 2000 87% c: 26.000. 87c; 2000, 87% c. De
cember—2ooo, 89% c; 2000, 89% c.
Afternoon session No sales.
OATS— market stands about the same,
white being firm and red weak. New white
are selling at $1 3001 45, and new red at $1 07*.
(@1 17% per ctl.
CORN— Small round Yellow, $1300135: East
ern large Yellow, $1 KVTfI 15: White. $1 1001 15:
mixed $1 10 per ctl; California White, $1 17%
@1 22%.
RYE— is quoted at 90@92%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
California family extras. $3 6003 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4003 55; Oregon
and Washington. $3 4003 50 per bbl for extra. /
$3 2503 40 for bakers' and $2 2503 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal. $3 25: Oatmeal. $4 5004 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. $3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4!i-4 35; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 5506 95; ln sacks, $6 3506 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Arrivals of Hay were more moderate, but
the market continued soft at unchanged prices.
Bran and Middlings were firm.
BRAN— SIS 5001** 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50019 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $21 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27028; jobbing.
$28 50029; Cocoanut Cake, $20-1/21; Cornmeal.
$23 50024 50; Cracked Corn. $24*825; Mixed Feed.
$15016; Cottonseed Meal, $24026 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $709 for good and $9 50 for
choice: Wheat and Oat. $708 50; Oat, $61-78;
Barley. $507; Island Barley, $606; Alfalfa. $5©
7 50 per ton. ._
STRAW— 2OO4Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Pink Beans are scarce and in few hands, and
prices are rapidly rising. Other Beans are
firm, with a good demand. There Is no change
in Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos, $19002; Small White, $2 050
2 15: Large White, $1 7001 80: Pinks. $2 35:
Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 1004 15; Butters,
nominal; Limas, $4 1004 16; i'ea, $2 10(S2 25;
Red Kidneys, $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard 2%@3c; Fla*x, nominal; Canary Seed.
2%c per Ib; Alfalfa, 8%09%c; Rape, 3®3%c;
Hemp, 4V'< ''•'•; Timothy, 4%-a*s%c.
DRIED PEAS— (1250150; Green, $1 50
4|2 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Tomatoes continue to advance. Other "Vege
tables are In abundant. supply and cheap.
Potatoes are weak at the reduced quotations,
with liberal stocks. There Is no change in
Onions.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. $10128: Early
Rose. 75c@$l; Burbanks, 75c@$l 25 per ctl.
ONIONS '•• ■'•."•■'• per ctl for Silverskins.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 7. ."<isi 50 per box
• for ordinary and $1 7602 25 for fancy; Rhubarb.
25050 c per' 'X. Green Peas, 2-(-2%c per. lb:
String Beans. 203 c; Lima Beans. 4@6c; Cab
bage, 50c; Tomatoes. 50075 c per box; Rivers,
$1 50*72; Stockton, $101 25; Egg Plant. $lfil 25;
Green Okra. 50c<f$l per box; Garlic, 2©3 c;
Green Peppers, 40075 c for Chile and 75cn$l 25
• per bo*, for Bell; Carrots. 30040 c per sack: Bay
i Cucumbers, 25T/35C; Summer Squash. 1501 for
Bay; Green Corn, sOcosl per sack for Vaca
ville, $1 2601 50 per crate for Alameda and 75
<g 85c' for Berkeley.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Young Poultry Is weak, - and the other de
scriptions are none too firm. The demand for
Poultry Is seldom sharp during the midsum
mer, when many people are out of town.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 1155 12 c for Gob
! biers and ll@l2c for Hens; Young Turkeys. 16
018 c: Geese, per pair. $101 25: Gosling!;. $1 25 j
01 50; Ducks, $304 for old and $4175 50 tor
young; Hens. $4 5005 50; young Roosters. $50
6; old Roosters. $405; Fryers, $4 60;
Broilers. $3Cs4 for large, $2 50».< tor small:
. Pigeons, $1 5002 per dozen for old and $1 5002
for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 75c per dozen.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter continues weak and quiet, though
' there is no break. Eggs rule firm and occa-
s ional Fades are made at an advance. Cheese
continues firm.
BUTTER
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 20%021c; seconds, .
19(_'20c.
-.■airy— Fancy, 17%018c; good to choice, 16©
17.-. store, 14016 c per lb.
CHEESE Choice mild new. 9c; old, 808% c;
Young' America. 9©9% c; Eastern, 13015 c.
EGGS— Quoted at 16019 c for store and 200
23c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16018 c for
No. 1 and 14015 c for seconds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches. $20 for frees and $30 for clings; Apri
cots, $35060 per ton, according to size and qual
[ ity and district; Bartlett Pears. $40050 per ton;
I Green and Yellow Plums. $30025 per ton.
I Some canners have been trying to break the
J Apricot market for several -days, but with in
; different success. On Thursday they refused
'■ to pay over $40 per ton, but as the commis
i sion merchants got previous prices from out
' siders they advanced their bids yesterday to
'■ $45. The canners are undeniably powerful, es
pecially now that they have combined, "but no
body is powerful enough to break the natural
law of supply and demand.
Peaches are weak. Plums are steady and In
moderate supply. Early Grapes are still slow
in coming In. Melons are steady, with mod
. crate receipts. Red Nectarines are higher.
Valencias are now the only 'ranges left.
Lemons are doing better.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 35c05l per large box: Crabapples. 40
®50c for small and 66075 c for large box.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $304 50 per chest:
Strawberries, $406 per chest for small and $1 50
'-•' 50 for large berries; Raspberries. $3 5005
per chest: Logan berries. $7010 per chest;
Huckleberries, 10c per lb.
Watermelons, $5020 per inn.
Cantaloupes. 75e05l per small box and $2 00-!?
4 per crate; Nutmeg-, 65c052 per box and
per crate. __.
i Grapes, black and white, 7ocosl per crate.
Currants, $1 500* per chest.
Green Pears. 25075 c per box, according to
size- Bartletts.' 75c@$l 25 per box.
Nectarines. 25050 c per box for white and 60c
os] 25 for red. ,
Figs, 60c for single and $101 50 per box for
double layers of black and for white.
Apricots. :>SC7 -" ■ per box.
Peaches 25035 c per box for common; Craw
fords 25060 c per box and 20040 c per basket;
Sawyer's Seedlings 40060 c per basket.
Plums, 25050 c per box; Prunes, 40065 c per
crate „ _._.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Valencia Oranges. $103;
Lemons. 75c05l 60 for common and $20 for
good to' choice; Mexican Limes, $4; California
Limes, per small box: Bananas. $1 5002 50
per bunch; Pineapples. $102 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Apricots are very firm. Peaches are steady.
Apples are lower again. There is a fair de
mand for Honey.
DRIED FRUITS (Old Crop)— Prunes. 6%c for
40-50* «-. 5c for 50-60' 4c for 60-70' 3%03%c for
70-80*8, 2%©3% c for 80-90' 2%©2% c for 90-100'
and 202V 4 c for 100-110' s.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, ln
sacks 6%c for 40-50*8, 5V 4 c for 50-60*8. 4%c per
lb for 50-70's. 3%c for 70-80's. 3Vic for 80-90'
and 2%c for 90-100's: Apricots, 9011 c for Royals
and ll*Xol2%c for Moorparks; Peaches, S(gS%c;
' Evaporated Apples, 7%08%c; Sun-dried, 5%©
1 6c per lb.
1 RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%e for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown, 4%06c for Seedless
i Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes. 2%-f,3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts. 6©Sc
for hardshell. 10011 c for sortsnell; Chile Wal
-1 nuts, 11012 c-: Almonds, new crop, 7%c for
Languedoc "- and 9%c for paper-shell; Pea
nuts! 6(g7c for Eastern and 4%©5 c for Califor
nia: Cocoanuts, $4 6005.
HONEY— Comb, lie for bright and 10c for
light amber; water white extracted. 7®7%c;
light amber extracted. 6Vi@6\c; dark, 6©6*_c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24O2Sc per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Hams continue very firm and some of the lo
cal dealers are selling them at cost. Lard
rules firm, but Bacon Is rather quiet.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. B%c per lb for
heavy, 9®9%c for light medium, lie for light,
I3*_- for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13013% c; Califor
nia Hams. 12013% c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl:
extra Mess Beef. $14; Family Beef. $16015 50;
extra Prime Pork, $12 60; extra clear, $16 50;
mess, 115015 60; Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at s%@s"_c per lb for,
compound and 7c for pure: half barrels, pure.
7>_c; 10-lb tins. B*4c: 5-lb tins S^c .
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%@6;i,c; packages
less than 300 lbs. 1-Ib palls. 60 In a case. 9*4 c,
3-lb palls. 20 ln a case, S%c; 5-lb pails 12 In a
case, S*4c; 10-lb palls. 6 ln a case. S*ic  50 -tb
tins, lor 2ln a case. 7 %c ; wooden buckets *)
lbs net. S*_c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, - /»c, nan
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10<_10"_c: medium, 9@9%c; light »c.
Cowhides, 9c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; can.
10c; dry Hides, sound. 16c; culls and brands.
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf. Lc:
Sheepskins, shearlings 20®30c each short
Wool, 35@60c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool
90c®$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, *»«*•» lor
large and Jl 25*31 50 for small: Colt. *. -^Itf* 2 -.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4'4*' per lb; No.
2 3<ri3*4c* refined. - — ; grease, 2_:.'*4c.
' WOOL - Spring Clips - San Jo aq«ln- *" d
Southern. 7 months, SOHc; Foothill and North
ern free. ll®14c: Foothill and Northern defect
ive 'c;, lie Nevada. U@l4c; San Joaquin Foot
hill free. io®l2c; tto defective S@9c; Humboldt
and Mendocino, 16"_©18c; Valley Oregon 1*
ISc; Eastern Oregon. 12©He for choice and 9®
llV.c for fair to good. _
HOPS-IS9S crop. 15@17"_c per lb; Is»9 crop,
12*_®13c bid and refused. ; .•
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— The market continues very firm, sup
plies being limited. Calcutta Grain -Bags, 5%
@s*Kc; Wool Bags. 26028 c; San Quentln Bags.
$4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton JS; Southfleld Wellington, J7 50; Seattle^ $6;
Bryant. J6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. J7 50:
Scotch. $8; Cumberland. $9 In bulk and JlO 50 '
in sacks Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. Jl-.
Cannel, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 |
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been three arrivals of coal from
British Columbia with 10.343 tons; four from
Washington, 8206 tons; two from Coos Bay,
710 tons; two from Australia, 5706 tons; total,
24,964 tons. Coal tonnage Is becoming so scarce
for the coast transportation that it is with dif
ficulty sufficient can be had for our immediate
requirements. Freights have been marked up,
and owners' demands are readily acceded to. ,
Several new steamers will become local col- .
liers this year, but they are not yet available. |
Business locally In the fuel line shows no
change; prices are stationary and demand fair.
The Honolulu coal demand has not abated: yes
terday a charter for there from Australia was
eloped at 17s 6d per ton, August. 1900, cancella
tion, more than a year hence. Such an occur
rence has never happened before in the history |
of the trade, and demonstrates that later on a :
partial coal famine may be looked for in Ha- I
wall or higher prices will rule there. |
"The extreme rates paid for Honolulu will
divert coal carriers in Australia from seeking
this port, as importers here are prohibited from
chartering at current figures; the cost deliv
ered here would leave an assured loss. Not- I
withstanding the freight advance on Northern
coals, the selling rates now prevailing here
leave a liberal margin for profit and but little
is yarded, deliveries being made direct to con
sumers; by this a further margin of profit is
secured." . '■-:.".'
LINSEED OlL— Quotable at 4.7 c per gallon
for raw and 47c for boiled in barrels; cases, 5c
more.
LI 'COL— per gallon .for raw and 42c for
boiled, In barrels; cases. Ec more.
PACIFIC CODFISH— The Union Fish Com
pany announces new prices as follows: Bun
dles, 4"4 c; cases, selected, 'V': imitation East
ern, •*',<■: strips. 7*i®S*4c; blocks. 7"ic: tablets,
4 c: middles, 7V'.' "i" . desiccated. BT"_c, less
15 per cent. •
RICE— mixed, $3 75®3 SO: China No. 1.
J4 50®4 90; extra do. Js@s 3*; Hawaiian, $6:
Japan, J! 1 2 : _ - / 4 75; Louisiana, J,j@6.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Kenning Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, s\e;
Powdered, b%c; Candy Granulated, 5-.;* c; Dry
Granulated ." V* ; Confectioners' A. s*£c: Cali
fornia A. 4%c; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4"* c;
Golden C, 4V_e; barrels, l-16c more; half-barrels.
'ic more: boxes, He more; ,70-lb bags. He more.
No order taken for less than 7" barrels or Its
equivalent. Domlnos, half-barrels, 57_c; boxes,
6"_c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Dealers quote unchanged prices. Hogs con
tinue scarce, and sometimes sell at a frac
tional advance over the quotations. Veal con
tinues scarce and unsettled.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7fgSc per lb for Steers and 6'.'g7c for
Cows.
VEAL— SegUe per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7*4c; Ewes, 6*.S'7c
per Tb.
i LAMB— Spring. Sc per Tb.
PORK— Hogs. 5%@5*%c for small. 6c
for medium and s*4*Jrs">c for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, s>_c; dressed Hogs. 7<R^*_e.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. July 17.
Flour qr sks 17.777 W0.. 1. hags .110
Wheat, ctis 7,230 Hops, baits 'IS |
Barley, ctis 2.100 Wine, gals 21,000 I
Oats, ctis 1,905 1 Quicksilver, flks. 269 '
Butter, cti5....... 158 Liny*, bhls is;
Cheese ctis... 126 Sugar, bids ]>
Tallow, ctis.. -'- ; Sugar, sks 2,960
Pelts, bdls 2601 Potatoes, sks 1,714
Hides no 303 Onions, sks 438
Eggs doz 14,1*0 1 Middlings, sks... 930
Hay, tons 514 Bran, sks 3.3.-,-*
Straw, tons "c Beans, sks 1,41s
[ Leather, rolls 111.'
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 2, >'•'
WASHINGTON. •
Flour qr sks 2,S2o]Shorts, sks 1,333
Bran,' sks? 1.520J » -
Family Retail Market.
I Eggs are dearer than last week, but the
j other dairy products show no change.
Poultry "stand- about the same. Meats con
tinue dear and the supply in the- State is
! smaller than for years. '
Fruits and Vegetables show few new fea
tures Melons are rather more plentiful, but
Grapes are coming in slowly. Peaches and i
Plums are In ample supply. The other Fruits
do not change much from day to day.
Some kinds of Fish are dearer.
Following is The Call's regular weekly price
list:
cfnnel ™..T^&V> 001 Castle Gate.. s9 600
Wellington . fcflO 00 | Southfleld
New Welling- Wellington —J 9 50
tor. .! - . —-ff 10 00 [Coos 8ay.... 0.00
Seattle 8 000 1
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter fancy per [Common Eggs 20©—
square 450— Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 40®— : dozen 25@30
Do good .■*.*'.(- Honey Comb, per
Cheese Cal 10012 Tb 12'ui.'.
Cheese", Eastern.. 17020 Do, extracted....—
Cheese. Swiss 20025
Meats, per lb-
Bacon ...: 12017 Pork, fresh 15®20
Beef choice ISO2O |Pork. salt 1_.|1..
Do good 10015 Pork Chops 15018
Corned Beef — ffllOlßound Steak 12*.®—
Ham, Cal —015 Sirloin Steak.... 16®—
Do' Eastern ....'"* 17 I Porterhouse, d 0. ..20025
I_j r( _ 12©15!6moked Beef 12015
Mutton 10015 1 Pork Sausages.. l 2*4-720
Lamb 12015 Veal 15020
Poultry and Game
Hens each 50065 .Turkeys, per 1b.. .15022
Young Roosters. ; Ducks, each.. oOMfio
eacn - 60075 Geese. each . OIIWI £0
Old Boosters, Pigeons, pair.... 40-g~SO
eac h 50® 60 1 Ka bbl is, pair . — 'tf4o
Fryers, each ©50 Mar', each 1*02(1
Broilers, each 35040 I Doves, pr dz..sl 00®1 25
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 15t*r20 Watermelons, ech15(535
Apples 40 6 dozen 10020
Crabapples BO 6 Limes, doz 104*12
Apricots, per lb.. a@ *> Oranges, doz 1503U
Bananas, doz 20t_t25 Pears, per I*b if; 5
Blackberries, per Peaches, per 1b... 4(g" 6
drawer 2.* «;30 Plums, per lb 4-§) 5
Cherries, per •*■ - '"•".'" Raisins lb :■•'.!•.
Currants, per bx. .65075 Nectarines, per Ib p-"? S
Cantaloupes, ech.15030 Raspberries, pt . r
Nutmeg Melons... 501* drawer 25035
FigS per lb 10-ffln Strawberries, per
Grapes, per lb 10012 drawer 20035
Lemons, .1 >■■■ 15020 I Walnuts, lb 12._15
Vegetables—
Artichokes, .20050 Green Peas, 1b.... 4® 5
Asparagus Lentils, lb 6-g s
Beets, do* l.'ii.. 'Lettuce, doa ... 15-Ti —
Beans, white, lb.. 4-g! 5 Onions. hV. -. ■;,?"
Colored, Tb *" ■' Peppers, green, lh 8010
Lima, Ib 6«*B— l Potatoes, lb - ise 5
Cabbage, each 5010 1 Parsnips, doz... 13©—
Cauliflowers, each 5010 : Rhubarb, per 11>.. 4-(i; 6
Celery bunch 50— (Radishes, dz bchs.lO-iTn
Cucumbers. per Sage, d-- bchs 2"M3*.
o^_en 10015 String Beans, tb.. 4@ 6
Cress doz bnchfO*'**-'** Summer Squash, lb v» '
Egg Plant, per lb. 8010 Thyme, ro 203)30
Green Corn. per Turnips. dor \MA\7,
7 .en 10*»30 Tomatoes, lb 8010
Green okra. Pr lb. SS-IS
Fish, per lb-
Barracuda 15@— Shad 12i--**—
Carp 10@12 *ea Bass 12®—
Codfish 12S-.15 "melts 15©—
Flounders \Mi'\t Soles 12-fls
Halibut 12020 Skates, each i.„_
Ktntrfish — (a— Tomcod 12@—
Mackerel — @— Clams, gal bi)'a—
Co. Horse — 'a— Do, hardshell. 100.40„f,->n
Perch 12W— Crabs, each 10015
Pompano — (s*— Do. softshell. d0z.25-i.35
Rockflsh 16©— Museels. qt 10012
Salmon. «moked..2o«— (Oysters. Cal, 100.. 400*0
Salmon, fresh 15020, D0, Eastern, 25040
scrimps 8010
The state china at the White House now
represents purchases during the adminis
trations of Lincoln, Grant. Haves and
Harrison. Each set is composed of enough
pieces to serve sixty guests. That is the
maximum size of dinner parties at the
White House, because the old structure
has not room to seat more.
% TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Offlce, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
July 21, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 5
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U.S. N., in charge.
AUCTION SALES.
WELL-KEPT FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (SATURDAY), at 11 A. M.
TURK AND PIERCE STREETS.
FR.-NK W. BUTTERFIELD, 667 Market st.
j
I
i
;
I
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic 'Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twentv-tlve minutes later than at Fort Point.
the height of tide is the same nt both places.
SATURDAY. JULY -tf
in rises • j:S
Sn s^s:::::::::::::::::::::::"::::::^'p:-
D Time Timel Time Time
» Ft ! Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L W " H W t, W . H W _
i 4-56—1.1 1 ! 12:06 5.0 4:40 2.7 10:461 6.4
i ■•■ 5 : 40-l.l 12:40i S.2 5:34 2.3111:40 6.3
I ;;; 6:2] _o.s 1:16 5.4 8:891 2.0. .... ; '
' ' h w i. w H w\ i. TV
i ... 0:31 5.9! 7:01|-0.4! 1:55 5.5 7:26 1.8
; .. 1-30 5.5 7:45! 0.2! 2:341 5.6 8:2* 1.5
, I.. 2:301 4.9 8:32| 0.S! 3:14! 5.7 9:31 1.2
! ... 3:36! 4.41 9il9| 1.4' 4:00! 5.S| 10:40| 0.9
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
w hen a minus sign (—) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low water*.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
;unol 'Gray? Harbor July 22
ITulton [Portland I July 22
Uoha Point Arena July 22
rfaeklnaw 'Taooma '.Tuly 22
Corner |St. Michael .July 22
Santa Rosa ISan Dlejjo fuly 23
;iam IXanalmn July 21
-tat- California Portland 'July :M
- r pccpnt City.. (Crescent City [July 24
N'orth Fork Humhol.U July 24
JVeeott iHumboldt iJuly 24
kreata' Oooa Bay .' Julr 24
Willamette .... Seattle July 24
3ristol [Departure Bay July 24
7ocs Bay INewport luly 25
Bertha (St. Michael IJuly 23
-has. Nelson. ..ISt. Michael. Uuly 25
r'm«tllla n-'rtnrin ,t Puget Sound' "'v "5
Pomona [Humboldt |July 26
Corona San Diego [July -.
Czarina iPupet Sound....." -..(July 27
Curacao [Mexico July 27
\.I ana Sydney I.Tul-v ?8
Point Arena Point Arena July 2S
2lty or Peking. .China and Japan [July ZJ
Columbia (Portland July T*
Ronita [Newport 'July 23
■ouullle River.. Grays Harbor luly 29
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Luella ITillamook [July 22. 6 Pier 8
Aloha .■ Point Arena..: July 22. 3 Pier 2
Columbia Portland luly 22, 10 air Pur 24
Del Norte.. I Alaska July 22. 2 pm! Pier 24
Portland ...'St. Michael... I July 2?. 2 pm'PIer 3»
Cleveland ..|Puget Sound.. |.Iuly 23, 9 amlPler 2
Pomona ...JHumboIdt [July 23. 2 pmJPler 9
Bonita INewpott . Julv " arr Pier 11
Sunol ....'. [Grays Harbor July 24. 12 m Pier 13
Pt Arena.. !P"lnt Ar»na.. i.Iuly M. 2 Pier 2
Weeott ....|Humboldt July 25, 2 pm 1 Pier 13
S&nta Rosa 'San Diego July 25. 11 am Pier 11
WMIa Wall IV!.- x- Pe-t Sd.l.Tnlv ?B. in am Pter 0
Fulton |Humboldt July 25, 10 am | Pier 20
Australia ..(Honolulu ru'v 2 < i. 2pmiPl^r 7
Arcata ICooa liav i;i'v 9K, in am ri 1 '— 11
America M.iChlna&Japan|July 26, 1 pmjFMSS
State of Cal Portland Tufy 27. 10 am Pie* 2i
Coos Ray... Newport IJuly ?7, ° nvn'f'i'r 11
Colon Panama [July 28, 1 pmlPMSS
Corona ...,.|San Diego July 29. 11 Pier 11
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. July 21.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, 11 hours from
Point Arena.
Stmr Australia. Houdlette, 6 days 13*6 hours
from Honolulu.
Stmr Progreso, Monroe, 3 days 17 hours from.
Seattle.
Stmr Westport. Peterson, 45 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Walla Walla. Gage. 59 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons, 17*4 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Luella, Miller. 60 hours from Hobson
vllle.
Stmr Bonita, Nlcolson, SO hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Indiana, Morle, 36 days from Manila,
via Nagasaki 23 days.
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs, 20 hours from Rockport.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 45 hours from Re
dondo.
Haw bark Himalaya, Deatborn, 27 days from
Honolulu.
Br hark Invercoe, Lewis, 92 days from New
castle. NSW ■
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. 16 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Neptune, Est void. 7 days from Grays
Harbor. - ■ '
Schr Lizzie Prien. Hansen, 5 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Arcie and Fontie, Johannsen, 13 hours
from Stewarts Point.
Schr Meiha Nelson, Rice, 9 days from Ta
coma.
Schr Spokane, Jamieson, B*4 days from Port
Gamble.
■ CLEARED.
Friday, July 21.
Stmr Columbia. Green. Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Co.
Stmr Corona. Debney, San Diego; Goodall
Perkins & Co.
Ship Fort George, Morse, Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
SAILED.
Friday, July _L
Stmr Washtenaw. Croseup. Tacoma.
Stmr Westport, Peterson, .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Corona. Debney, San Diego.
Stmr Navarro, Hlgglns, .
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett. Ventura.
Br ship Ardencraig. Trask, Leith.
Bktn Eureka; Schok. Tacoma
Schr Prosper. Nedever, otter hunting
Schr Del Norte, Jacobsen. Rogue River
Schr Orient. Sanders. Willapa Harbor.
Schr Newark. Beck, .
Schr Reliance. Hagenah, ..
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBcs. July 21. 10 p m-Weather
hazy; wind SW ; velocity 14 miles.
SPOKEN.
July 4. lat 15 N. lon 26 W—V*tr ship Crown of
Scotland, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. July 21—Ship Eclipse, from New
castle. An?, for Honolulu, put into Sydney leak
ing around rudder post.
Ger stmr Tai Fu, previously reported ashore
got off by aid of stmr and arrived at Vladivo
stok. Damage. If any. not yet ascertained.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND—Arrived July 20—Shin
Lucile. from Vladivostok. July 21—Chil bark
Lake Leman. from Valparaiso; schr American
Girl, from San Diego: schr Wawona from
Newport; bark Guy C Goss. from Chemalnus
VENTURA—SaiIed July 21-Schr C T Hill'
for Grays Harbor.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived July 21 — Schr
American Girl, from San Diego; bark Fresno
hence July 4. '
TACOMA—Arrived July 21—Stmr Samoa fm
St Michael. ' lla
GREENWOOD— SaiIed July 21-Stmr Alcazar
for San Francisco. '
USAL—Sailed July 21—Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco. "
FORT BRAGG—Arrived July 21-Stmr Novo
hence July 20. . *
poiNT ARENA Sailed July 21— Stmr Whites
boro. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived July 21—Stmr North Fork
hence July 19; schr Rio Rey. hence July io "
Sailed July 21—Schr Alice, for San Pedro
schr Bertie Minor, for Honolulu
BOWENS LANDlNG—Arrived July 21—Schr
Mary Etta, hence July 19; schr Corinthian hnc
July 19.
SEATTLE—Arrived July 21— Stmr Signal
hence July 14; stmr Brunswick, from St Mich
ael: stmr City of Topeka. from Dvea.
Sailed July 21—Stmr Alliance. for ■St Mich
ael; stmr Samoa, for — * —.
EASTERN PORTS.
MARQUIS ROCK— Passed July Haw bark
Nuuanu, from Philadelphia, for New York
FOREIGN PORTS.
GCAYMAS-Sailed July 19-Stmr Curacao
for San Francisco. " *
NICOLA EFSKl—Arrived July 20—Schr James
H Bruce, hence April 23. James
HAKODATE— July 2"-Bark Wllna, for
San Francisco. 77.*"*
HlLO—Arrived July 2—Bark Annie Johnson
hence June 16; Jap war stmr Hoyei, from Hono
lulu.
Sailed July '•— Haw ship Falls of Clyde for
San Francisco. '
BRISBANE— July 21—Br stmr Mlo
wera, for Vancouver.
VLADIVOSTOK—Arrived July 17—Br
Powys Castle, from Seattle. wt
KAICHOW—SaiIed July 20—Bark Hesper for
Port Townsend. v ' lor
HONOLULU—Arrived July 13—Br stmr Wve
field, hence July 3. July 14—Schr Ella Black
from : bktn M..miner Star, from Micro'
nesia; schr Viking, from Astoria '. "*T
Cleared July 13—Br stmr Port Albert for
Seattle. . ..:'.* •
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS *
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 21-^Stmr Canada.
from Boston; stmr Cymric, from New York
BRISBANE-Salled July 20-Stmr Mlower*.
for Vancouver. , ~*ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
DALTON SNUBBED BY
FORMER SUPPORTERS
Turned Down After Five Years of
Sycophantic Support,
(he Republican Assessor Explains His Position and
Defies Any One to Find Crcokedness in
ills Acts or Figures.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 21.
The statement made In -The Call last
Wednesday that E. Black Ryan might not
deign to come to Oakland to argue for
reductions on Southern Pacific property
has not yet rn-4-n contradicted by that
i-entleman. although it is rumored that he
may appear . to-morrow. Only two more
Jays and the life of the Board of Equali
zation will ejt*pire.
Coroner "ishrmami Is now in the back
ground. it is a case of exit Mehrmann,
enter D_Jton and Black Ryan.
In Tfte Call yesterday morning atten
tion A-as called to the fact that Mr. Dal
ton had cut the assessments of the San
Pablo avenue road to a merely nominal
figure- The right of Mr. Dalton to do
this has been challenged, and certain
criticisms ha--e been made of his assess
ments of railroad property in other
places.
To-day Mr. Dalton published the fol- i
lowing defense of his position: "I re- I
duced the railroad company's assessment :
sn the San Pablo avenue cable road be
cause the road was valueless at the
time the assessment was made, inas
much as the road was then about
to be converted into an electric line. j
It would have cost much less to
nave built the electric road had j
the cable road been out of the way. as |
my fair-minded person will admit. Un- i
tier the law, I am required to fix values j
as I find the property. Shortly after the
first Monday "in March, the San Pablo
_ venue cable road property was to be en
tirely destroyed so far as a street rail
way system was concerned. The electric
road property was not' in such shape as
to be assessed- Next year the electric
road, which has taken the- place of the !
cable on San Pablo avenue, will be as- j
jessed on the me basis as other electric
roads in this county.
"The a-ssessment on the Central Pacific
Railroad Company's thirty-eight acre at
Oakland Point was made this year to con- i
form to a reduction of assessment made j
upon the surrounding property belonging j
to Individual taxpayers, the assessment
delng placed at $5000 per acre, and I defy
any unbiased, • competent person to say j
hat It Is underassessed. Under my prede- ;
. e jsor, sixty-eight teres, including this i
flirty-eight acres, were assessed ai oniy j
.171, 500, whereas the -eight acres are j
assessed by me at $130,00(1 The thirty-eight
acres of this same tract of sixty-eight I
»cres are assessed by me at $19-00 more j
nan the whole sucty-eight acres ere as
sessed by my predecessor. If l lie whole
iiuet were assessed by me at the same
rate per acre, it would make an assess
a-tent of $34t*,WO as against $971,800 as made :
by my prodece_.sor.
•"Since 1 ha\ c been in office, the State
Hoard of Equalization claims the right to
»nd dees assess part ot this tract amount- I
ing to thirty acres as the right of way J
ji, the Central Pacific Railway Company. I
"As to the improvements made at the
s-nd ol the broau gunge mole ouring tne |
j. ast year, fu far as tne tilling in of the j
land is concerned, conies under the juris
diction of tht State Board of Lqualiza- ;
:ion. and is nut assessable by the County
Assessor. . , _
**The Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany's property has been treated by me
tor "assessment purposes this year as in
former years; and will be assessed at Its
actual "cash value for assessment pur- j
-joses so long as 1 remain Assessor of this ,
county. • _ I
•'The personal property of the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company varies in value
Erom to year according to the
amount and value ol personal property on |
apnd. and is assessed accordingly.
**1 have not made an assessment against
Lhe narrow gau_.e lailroad. roadbed-arid
roiling stock, as the Slate Board of
Equalization claims that right and has
made the assessment, and it has not come
under my jurisdiction to watch the Im
provements made on that line."
The question of assessments has been
taken advantage of by politicians on both
tides of the teuce to renew a struggle
live years old between Assessor Da! ton
ci one side and Supervisors Church, Tub
con and Mitchell on the other side.
The past month has revealed many j
ttrange things in this county family nd. j
Mter five years of sycophantic support!
■•f Mr. Dalton a morning Democratic ur- j
-tan has recently taken three opportum-
Lies to administer severe snubs to the
County Assessor. It grasped at th op
porturilty offered by the difference of j
opinion betweeen Mr. I >alton and Stat-
Controller gan to repeat and rerepeat
the information that this quarrel was
holding back the pay of the hundreds uf |
'Choolteacbers in Alameda Count}- It j
next took occasion to reprimand Mr. Dal
ton for not having Indexes to the assess-,
ment rolls ready as soon as the assess
ment rolls were completed. Now, after
the publication in The call that Mr. Dal- j
ton had materially reduced the assess
ment on the San Pablo read he Is -red i
tted inferentially with having beeen ta_.cn
into the railroad camp and with making
in illegal asssessment.
This remarkable change of front has .
caused much winking of eyes and nod
jing of heads. Those who recall the leou
liari combinations made by the D.mo
rratic organ in the county fight last fall
and the municipal campaign this spring
are wondering why such a change has!
_ome about, and the only explanation soT
far considered reasonable is that with
Mr. Dalton aspiring to be a Republican |
member of the next Congress he can no
longer expect anything but snubs and
roasts from a Democratic organ the pro
prletor of which aspires to sit in the |
I ■ ted States Senate.
The local newspaper which has always j
supported Mr. Dalton has openly X - |
■tressed Itself on the change in the Assess- !
>r's Democrat^ supporter and In replying
:o one of its recent attacks said:
"In a San Francisco morning dally.;
which seems to be given of late to the ex
ploitation of wild stories and baseless ru
mors, there ears a story to-day that
recently 'a delegation of Indignant tax
payers' waited upon Chairman Talcott of
the Board of Supervisors to make com
plaint that there was no index to the as- !
sessment rolls and that no deputy was
furnished by the Assessor to assist prop- j
;rtv-owr.ers in their hunt for assessments.
"The article continued commenting on
these matters, making It appear that the
Assessor was at fault In not having fur
nished an index or deputy."
The article is then strongly denied.
Mr. Dalton was asked to-day If he «new
if any reason why his late Democratic
supporter should have changed its atti
tude and he said that he knew of none.
"All talk that 1 have gone to the rail- j
*oad is absolutely false," said Mr. Dalton. !
"I have always endeavored to be fair. j
That expresses the whole situation." Mr. !
Dalton took from his safe a well-worn I
Sheet of yellow paper on which was some
typewriting, purporting to be a list of the |
candidates for whom the railroad ordered
all its employes to vote. This was pro
fluced at the last election and it was no
ticed that it contained the names of all
the men. whether Republican or Demo
crats, who at that time were being as
tailed by the Examiner. It particularly
mentioned that Captain Hacket't. the
Democratic nominee for Assessor, was
the railroad's choice. Mr. Dalton says i
this is prima facie evidence that he was
not supported by the railroad at the last
county election, notwithstanding the fact
:hat the railroad ward ln -which Mr. Dal
ton lived gave him a vast majority.
Then comes the other side to this pam- |
phlet Incident. It Is remarked that this i
pamphlet never saw the light of day until !
t appeared one morning in Mr Dalton' 8
Democratic supporter of that time. This
ivas construed by the old guard as evl-
Jence that the paper in which It appeared
va« r_j_non*iibl_ for Its production and It
Is worthy of note In this particular squab
ble that in Alameda County the five men
branded as railroad candidates were
Hackett, Frank Leavitt for Senator, A. A.
MeKeen for Assemblman and W. H.
Church and J. Talcott for Supervisors.
These five were vigorously opposed by
the Examiner, although only Hackett was
a Democrat, and, as It happened, he was
the only one that was not elected to of
fice, Mr. Dalton carrying the plum by an
enormous majority. It is argued that had
the yellow ticket been genuine some of
the railroad odium would have stuck to
the other four or five and not have been
centered entirely against the lone Demo
crat. This is the view taken by the oppo
nents of Mr. Dalton.
Should E. Black Ryan not make his
annual visit here. who. will have kept him
away? This Is the question that follows
upon the muddle previously referred to.
Mr. Dalton says he knows of no reason
why the Southern Pacific should be less
anxious to save taxes this year than last
year, and hints that the explanation of
his absence is probably to be found among
the Supervisors. This is interpreted to
mean that next year three of the Super
visors^ — Messrs. Wells. Roeth and Mitchell
—will- have to be re-elected if they wish
to hold office and that they would not at
this time be likely to support the conten
tions of the railroad's tax agent.
Now a story has been started that Mr.
DaJton has sometime during the past
year received a deed in some manner to
the portion of the water front property
which he uses in the business of his Iron
foundry at West Oakland. "That story
is entirely without foundation,'' said Mr.
Dalton to a Call man to-day. "I guess
as much as twenty-five years ago my
father acquired a deed to the land on
which the foundry stands, and I do not
know of any other deed concerning the
property which has changed hands sine
then.'" On the other hand, it- Is said that
Mr. Dal ton's firm has a deed on record to
the upland on which the foundry Is locat
ed'but that the firm uses a considerable
portion of water front where vessels load
and discharge and where they have *many
pontoons anchored which is or was the
property of the Water Front Company.
There is. however, no deed on record that
can possibly be construed as bearing out
the story that Mr. Dalton has accepted
any favor from the people he has so long
fought
1:, view of the Interesting political de
velopments of to-day. Dr. Mehrmann ami
the Morgue were forgotten on the street.
■ ♦ ■
MAYOR SNOW HAS
DECIDED TO "CORK UP"
OAKLAND, July 21. Mayor Snow has
sent the following letter to Auditor Breed
concerning the remarks recently made in
a meeting of the Board of Works:
"Friend Breed: I have not cared what
the newspapers have had to say until
now. In defense of the statement that
the clerks in the City Hall earn the pay
they receive I made the rather extrava
gant declaration about Mr. Below' work
at this particular time. This has been
given another meaning. 1 am sure that 1
don't need to say to you that to refer
to you In any way at that time was the
farthest from my thought. As 1 have
perhaps almost said of yon more than
once since April 1 — no man has ever come
into the City Hail with equal competence
so quickly evidenced or doing better or
more faithful work. If it was my busi
ness or disposition to criticize (and you
know it Isn't) 1 couldn't do It. This last
straw breaks the back. 1 have concluded
thai there can be no middle course. I
must 'cork up.' Sincerely yours,
"July 21. IS*l. IC W. SNOAV."
DROPPED A BUCKET
ON HER PRETTY NOSE
OAKLAND, July 21.— Miss Clara John
son, a handsome woman, who has long
been particularly proud of nature's gifts,
hat- sued the Schleuter Company for $275
because through their alleged careless
ness in Iron bucket fell upon her nose
and caused her much pain.
The Schleutt-rs conduct a bazaar on
Washington street and Miss Johnson was
passing by one afternoon when the
bucket, which was suspended outside the
door fell on her face. She was badly
injured, but several doctors succeeded in
fixing the wdund so that she has almost
regained her former, beauty. Miss John
son was some years ago a lady In at
tendance at the royal court of Sweden
and all her connections in her native
country are aristocratic. Her abrupt con
tact with the iron bucket shocked her
pride as well as her physical feelings, and
in addition to the $75 she has paid the
doctors she thinks she is entitled to $200
more for consolation.
SILVER IN THE LAKE.
Interesting Reminiscence of Gold-
Brick Workers.
OAKLAND. July 21.— The dredger now
working on Lake Merritt has dug Into a
silver mine. Recently one of the shovels
-became clogged and a metal brick was
found in the machinery. Contractor
Peterson had it assayed, as it showed
traces of gold. The assay proved that
there is considerable silver in the brick.
The place where it* was found In the
lake is not far from the spot on the Pied
mont shore where the "Indian" who
worked with Root and "Big Foot Dave"
did business three years ago. It is be
lieved that the brick is one of the gold
bricks used by these confidence men and
was thrown into the lake when they found
that their scheme was discovered.
HOWARD HAVENS' WILL.
Deeded Most of His Half-Million
Dollar Estate to His Three
Children.
OAKLAND, July 21.— The holographic
Will of Howard Havens, who died in Ala- \
meda last Sunday, was filed for probate I
to-day by the two sons, Charles Rensse- I
laer Havens and Howard Cumminge Ha- I
yens, who are named as executors with
bonds. The will Is dated April Iff. IS9S, ;
and by Its terms the estate, valued at
about $17,000, consisting of money in bank
12150, shares and stocks $10,000, household
furniture $760, and a life Insurance policy !
valued at $4000, is bequeathed to the two
sons and Ella May Havens, the daughter,
share and share alike, subject to the pay
ment of testator's debts, funeral expenses
and an annuity of $600 a year, payable In
monthly installments, to testator's Bister
Catherine Kllzabeth Havens of Stamford. I
Conn., during her life. Mr. Havens was I
reputed worth half a million, but dis- |
posed of most of his property by deed to
his children prior to his death. The sons '
have applied for letters of administration
through their attorneys, Bartlett & Bart- '
lett. > -'tftf' tf\
HOBART A P T GEON FANCIER.
He Invests a Thousand Dollars in
Alameda Birds.
ALAMEDA, July 21.— Walter Hobart of
San Mateo has Invested $1000 ln Alameda
pigeons. A few days ago he purchased
the collection of I-L F. Whitman, 2045 Ala
meda avenue, and will transfer the birds
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 22, 1899.
to his San Mateo place, where he will
engage in the squab business for profit
and pleasure. The Whitman lofts con
tained some of the finest pigeons In the
country, some of them measuring from
36 to 38 Inches across the wings. There
are 700 birds in the collection.
STRICKEN WITH HORROR,
MRS. HILDENBRAND DIES
REALIZED SHE WAS IN THE IN
SANE ASYLUM.
She Had Attacked a Woman With a
Cane and Had Been Confined in
the Hope That Her Facul
ties Would Return.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 21.
Horrified with the terrible realization of 1
' finding herself incarcerated in a cell at :
the Stockton-Insane Asylum, Mrs. Mary
Elizabeth Hildenbrand to-day completely :
collapsed, mentally and physically. Her
death was almost Immediate.
Mrs. Hildenbrand was committed to the j
asylum by Judge Greene only, last :
Wednesday. On the morning of that day
she had attacked Mrs. J. Harlan with a j
cane at San Leandro, breaking the lat- ;
ter's arm and nearly beating her to death.
The Insane woman had been laboring un
der the hallucination that Mrs. Harlan,
who is 72 years of age, was planning to
kill Willie Groff, Mrs. Hildenbrand's
grandson. The demented woman had pre- I
viously attempted to kill the grandson '
herself with an ax. believing thus to frus
trate Mrs. Harlan's imagined scheme."
Mrs. Hildenbrand continued violent from j
the time of the vicious attack on Mrs.
Harlan until she was placed in a. cell at
Stockton. She was accompanied by her j
daughter, Mrs. Louise Groff, residing at
San Leandro. who had arranged to be i
near her mother, for a few days at least,
hoping that she might partially regain her
faculties.
During a lucid interval this morning j
Mrs. Hildenbrand grasped her daughter's i
hand, and suddenly realizing her sad In- |
carceration uttered a terrible shriek, and
falling back upon her cut breathed her
last. Her death is attributed to shock.
• Deceased was a native of Germany,
aged 70 years, and besides the daughter
mentioned leaves another, Mrs. Mary
Boehmer of Alameda, ami a son. Conrad j
Hlldenbrand, residing In San Francisco.
TO FEED THE VOLUNTEERS.
Relatives of California Soldier Boys
Prepare to Welcome Them
Home.
About 150 relatives of members of the
First Regiment of California Volunteers
met in Armory hall on Ellis street last
night to arrange for. a reception to their
sons and brothers upon their arrival from
the Philippines. Professor W. C. Mooers
presided and A. L. Badt acted as secre
tary.
Professor Mooers stated that General
Shaffer had Informed' him that It would
be impossible for the boys to stop on their
way to the Presidio, but once on the res
ervation he would I"* glad to afford their
relatives every possible opportunity to
give them a feast and arrange for their
comfort.
On motion of 7.. T. Whit ten. a commit
tee was appointed to take charge of the
reception, to consist of five for each eom
panv. Just what sort of a reception will
be- arranged for the boys was not defi
nitely decided.
A committee was also appointed to look
up the cost of chartering a steamer or
tug to take the relatives of the volunteers
out to meet the transports when they en
tered the harbor.
The medal committee of the Native Sons
also held a meeting last night and decided
that the medals and certificates be pre
sented to the California volunteers on
September 1, provided the soldi* are
here by that time. Messrs. J. P. Dockery
and Henry Martin reported that their
collections* for yesterday aggregated $250.
REEEEAH DRILL CORPS.
Preparing for an Exhibition to Be
Given Prior to the Jubilee Parade.
At a meeting of representatives from the
j seven local Rebekah lodg-s. I. O. O. F., held
i last night in Saratoga Hall, arrangements Were
j perfected for the organization of the ladles'
I Drill Corps, which is to take part in the parade.
' of the golden Jubilee of the order. Mr?. E. M.
1 MoLane was elected president. Miss .Amy Webb
I -> Ice president, Winnie M. Dowle secretary an.l
i Mrs Mattle Perry treasurer. The drill corps
i Is to consist of twenty-four ladies as privates
I and their officers, and the following officers
i were chosen: Mrs. William Parker, captain;
j Miss .1 Brown, lieutenant, and Annie M.
Howie ensign. Colonel H. O. Brower of the
1 Patriarchs Militant will be the drill master.
! The following were named a committee to ar
i range with Canton Xo. 5, Patriarchs Militant.
' for a part-* to be given in the latter part of
; August when the drill corps will give its first
• public exhibition: Miss Sarah Harris from Call
' fon i Lodge. Mrs. Mattle Perry from Templar
1 Lodge Mrs. Sarah Kllce from Oriental Lodge,
! Mrs .1. Pec-rue from Walhalla Lodge, Mr?, .1.
'■• Brown from Amity Lodge, Mrs. H. E. Cyrus
i from Loyal Lodge and Mrs. Maud Timbrel from
! Mission Lodge.
DR LYNCH SERIOUSLY ILL.
I A Young Interne at the City and
County Hospital Sick With
Typhoid.
Dr. Oscar J. Lynch, a young physician,
one of the internes of the City and County
Hospital, is lying seriously ill with ty
phoid fever at that institution. He Is a
graduate of the Cooper Medical College,
and has been a member of the Interne
staff of the hospital since last May, dur
ing which time he made himself very pop
ular, not only with his professional broth
ers but also with the patients in the
wards over which he had been placed.
Dr. Lynch contracted the malady which
now' threatens his life about three weeks
ago while in attendance. upon some of the
nurses who were seized with typhoid fe
ver. Immediately after his illness was
made known to the. hospital officials Drs.
T J. Crowlev, assistant resident physi
cian and A. M. Smith, a young interne
who has attended Dr. Lynch's wards, took
charge of tin patient and rendered him all
the aid In their power; but. with all pos
sible attention, it Is very doubtful if bis
life can be saved, It was stated at a late
hour last night thai the sufferer had one
chance in a thousand to recover.
DONT LIKE CONFINEMENT.
Dr. Arthur Martin Applies for a Writ
of Habeas Corpus.
Dr. Arthur Martin, who gained consid
erable notoriety in ISO! through his con
nection with the case of" Alma Joselyn, a
young girl, who brought grave charges
against her guardian, George Staacke.
and who was** subsequently sent to the in
sane asylum at Ukiah, has applied to
Judge Bahrs for a writ of habeas corpus
i,, his own behalf. In the communication
received by Judge Bahrs from Martin the
insane man states that as he is so con
fined that he cannot give bail he asks
that the court Issue a writ of habeas
corpus. An affidavit attached states that
the applicant is illegally confined and re.
strained of his liberty by K. W. King .'md
I, A Bister in the asylum. Other mat
ters are set forth In the communication,
and as they are. couched in good English
Judge Bahrs made inquiries as to the
mental condition of the patient at this
time Tie has been informed, however,
that' Dr. Martin is not only Insane but
dangerously so. and hence the communi
cation will be ignored.
Forty-Second Democratic Club.
Democrats of the Forty-second Assem
bly District met last night at Turner Hall.
After indorsing the Democratic creed the
club proceeded to elect officers with the
following result: President, Robert Fa
ncy; vice president, John D. O'Leary: re
cording secretary, Leo Kaufman: corre
sponding secretary, William J. Crandall;
treasurer, T. W. Kennedy; executive
committee, J. A. Emery, James Smlthson,
E. J. Reynolds, A. A. Flynn. John Mur
ray, P. J. Splllane, J. A. Lynch, John W.
Cramer, Joseph Flaherty. The following
speakers addressed the meeting: Senator
R. Porter Ashe, J. J. Barrett, T. Carl
Spelling and A. T. Hatch.
Out for South Park.
Application was made yesterday by the
Public Administrator for letters testa
mentary upon the estate of John Wallace,
who died in Ireland In February of ISS6.
The application Is made to determine the
ownership of South Park. Wallace was
an heir to the estate of George Cordon,
who, in lS"-4. deeded the park in question
in trust to Arnold Eagle Jr., S. M. Bow
man and George Gordon Jr., the condi
tions of the trust being that the trustees
must keep the park in condition for use
by the public. It Is claimed that the pro
visions of the trust have not been com
plied with. Hence the action to terminate
the trust and determine the ownership of
the land.
FOUND NO GOLD IN
KOTZEBUE COUNTRY
Dr. Stone Says That District Is Fitted
Only for a Penal
Colony.
The Associated Press has received an
other letter from Dr. J. S. Stone, who
went to Kotzebue Sound nearly two years
ago In search of gold. The letter is as
follows:
KOWAK RIVER, Alaska, Jan. 29, 1899.
I wrote you on the Ist Inst, regarding
this country. I now wish to emphasize
my former statements. There is no gold
here. We are only waiting and praying
for the Ice to leave so we can go down the
river to Kotsebue Sound and await the ar
rival of some vessel to take us back to
civilization. Prospecting for gold has
been diligently carried on this winter on
the river and its tributaries. More than
1000 holes have been sunk to bedrock, and
in no single instance has anything been
found. On the Par River bedrock was
reached at 42 feet, no colors; on the Pick,
66 feet; Cogoluctuck, 43 feet; Shungnack,
45 feet; Ambler. 47 feet; Mauneeluck, 42
feet. In no* Instance has anything been
found. We are out of the gold belt as
well as out of civilization.
Mr. Seward, In his purchase of Alaska,
"bulfded" better than he knew. What an
ideal place for a penal colony. If the
States of the Union would only banish to
this country their criminals no greater
punishment could be inflicted. There Is
no escape. For nine months of the year
one is surrounded by ice and the weather
will not permit of travel. For the re
mainder no one would attempt to cross
the swamps, lakes and nlggerheads to get
away. What a saving to the States it
would be. Every prison could be abolished
and a few guards on the coast to arrest
the very few adventurers who might get
away would be all that would be required.
There are 600 men here who want to get
away and transportation' should be af
forded them.
COURT NOTES.
George Peacock was yesterday fined $100
with the alternative of fifty days In the
County .Jail by Judge Conlan on the
charge of petty larceny for robbing tele
phone boxes.
Nicholas Krederkson, 821 Green street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Tre.idweil's
court yesterday for the arrest of "John
Doe" Crocker, a boy about 15 years of age,
for malicious mischief. He alleged that
the boy damaged his property to the ex
tent of $10").
Joseph Joy, Matthew Brady and Charles
Carston, the three boys arrested for be
ing drunk on Brannan street, were yes
terday sentenced to twenty-four hours
each in the City Prison by Judge Tread
well. They refused to give the name of
the Bryant street saloon-keeper who sup
plied them with the liquor.
Etta Bermingham, a young girl who
was arrested for stealing articles from
houses when- she was employed, was yes
terday sent to the Magdalen Asylum by
Judge Tread well. She was arrested for
the same offense some months ago, but
was allowed to go home with her grand
mother. *. ■■
Judge Mogan was sick yesterday and
Judge Conlan continued the cases on his
calendar. . . ■•■_■'
The ease of Dr. C. C. J. Wachendorf,
charged with the murder of John Kehlen
beck, was again called In Judge Tread
well's court yesterday, but owing to the
on tin absence from the city of Dr.
Zabala, the autopsy physician, it was con
tinued till Monday afternoon.
J J. Havislde yesterday filed suit
against George W. Boot for $100 due on
a promissory note dated November 11, 1597.
J 1. Bauer brought suit yesterday
against George Green, the prize fighter.
The amount Involved is $20, balance due
for clothing purchased of H. S. Jacobs.
HILL GIVEN NOTICE.
Must Notify Board of Health of Cre-
my.tion Cases.
The Board of Health yesterday served
notice upon Coroner Hill that hereafter !
twenty-four hours' notice must be filed j
-with the board of all bodies intended for
cremation. This rule was adopted by the
board at its Wednesday meeting as a di- |
rect result of the expose made by The
Call of the peculiar course pursued by
the Coroner in the case of Florence Park
er, the suicide. The same notice has been
served upon every undertaker and all
cemetery officials in the city and county, j
Health Officer Lawlor yesterday sent a
written request to Chief of Police Lees |
for a detail of eight officers to accompany
liim and a corps of Inspectors on a thor
ough Inspection of Chinatown. The tour j
of the Chinese quarter is to begin on i
Monday or Tuesday of next week, and.
Dr. Lawlor tends to make it as thor- :
ough as 'his force will permit.
Market Inspector clans and Officer But
terworth yesterday arrested B. D. Say- |
age, a cattle owner, as he was driving a
lot of two-day-old veal into town over the j
San Bruno road, lie was .barged with I
dealing in meats that the law does not j
permit.
Grand Council Y. M. I.
The following are the committees of the
Grand Council of the Young Men's Insti
tute, which is to meet next month in
Santa Cruz:
Subscription and finance— J. M. Walsh. T.
W. Kelly. J. J. Doran, J. J. Roney, E. Alzina, .
H Klns-flley. J. H. Leonard, .1. T. Stanton,
James Talt. Joseph Nolan.
Transportation and quarters T. Stanton.
J. M. Walsh, James Talt, W. Stanton. C. Otl
len.
Printing:— J. .T. Roney. E. A. Cook, J. J.
Doran, H. Kinj-sley. J. Tait.
Banquet O. S. Talt. .1. M. Walsh. J. J.
Doran. E. A. Cook. .1. 11. Leonard.
Grand ball— E. Alzina, E. A. Cook, J. J.
Doran. T. F. Leonard, Dr. McGovern. c. J.
(*lllen'
Music E. Alzina, E. A. Cook, H. Kingsley,
J. Hamlll, J. J. Doran.
Church service J. Hamlll. G. S. Talt, J. J.
Domn. H. Klngsley, W. I>. Stanton ;
Press J. -I Doran, J. .T. Roney, H. Kings
lev, C. .'. Olllen, E. Alzina.
Social— J. M Leonard. E. A. Cook, G. S.
Tall J. J. Doran, T. F. Leonard.
Baseball— H. Kinesley. .1. Hamlll, C. ,T. Oil
len, E. Alzina, >. H. Leonard.
Decoration— J. J. Doran. 3. T. Stanton, G. S.
Talt.
Three Owners for a Purse.
James Sullivan, a sailor, was arrested
yesterday afternoon oh complaint of Mrs.
O. Glover and charged at the O'Farreil
Street Station with grand larceny. Mrs.
Glover alleges that while she was visiting
the Presidio her pocket was picked of a
purse containing about $20. The missing
pocketbook was found and Mrs. Glover
was able to give a good description of it.
Before it was turned over to her two oth
er persons, a man and a woman, visited
police headquarters and claimed the purse
as theirs. Neither could give a descrip
toin of it, however, and neither knew the
amount of money contained In it. II is
believed that they are accomplices of Sul
livan, and they will be closely watched
by the police.
A Socialist Arrested,
Anthony McGinty; a socialist, was ar
rested last night at the corner of Third
and. Market streets and charged with ob
structing the sidewalk. McGinty was ex
plaining to a large crowd the principles
of socialism when Policeman Eastman
ordered him to move on. He refused to
do so and was placed under arrest. The
crowd jeered the officer, and as McGinty
was placed In the patrol wagon his sym
pathizers gave him three loud cheers. At
the prison he was at once released on $20
cash ball.
Alcatraz Picnic.
Alcatraz Parlor No. 145, Native Sons of
the Golden West, will hold its annual
outing at Fairfax Park to-morrow.
These picnics have always proved suc
cessful in the past, and it is expected that
this one, the ninth, will prove no excep
tion to the rule. The Invitations are lim
ited to the members of the parlor /in 1
their friends, and some three hundred
guests will journey over to the pleasure
grounds.
Reopening of Convent Schools.
Studies will be resumed at the Presenta
tion Convent schools, Powell and Lom
bard streets and Taylor and Ellis streets,
on Monday next.
WINNERS OF
TROPHIES AT
THE DOG SHOW
SANTA BARBARA AWARDS
Judge Payne Criticized Because
of Decisions That Were
Seemingly Biased. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, July 21.— The Santa
Barbara Dog Show Is of the past, and it
has, with few exceptions, left pleasant
memories behind. A. G. Wilson, the sec
retary, and J. R. Park, assistant, have
greatly contributed to this end, and the
visitors to Santa Barbara have been
greatly impressed with the hospitality dis
played on all sides. Judge Daingerfield of
San Francisco, who has been a frequent
attendant of the show, is no mean con
noisseur of dogs, and he expressed sur
prise at the high quality of those shown.
The Judge, whose wit is as well known as
his legal acumen, was reminded by this
show of the dinner given to Judge .M -
Kenna on his elevation to the Circuit
Court, when thirty Judges graced the
festive board, and he remarked that it
was the greatest bench show he had ever
seen.
An unprecedented feature of the show
was the competition of about forty mon
grels, accompanied by as. many street
Arabs, for prizes for the ugliest dogs in
Santa Barbara. The prizes were $20 for
flrst, $10 for second and $5 for third. The
first prize was won by a girl. Josle Dota,
with Police, a small black and white non
descript that she found starving and lost
and had taken up out of charity. The
second prize fell to J. R. Barado Jr. fur
a dirty white looking enigma that had a
bulldog ancestor in the dim vista of the
past. Third prize fell to a half-bred
Mexican, Tootsie. owned by Adriano
Basquez. The competition excited great
amusement among the spectators, and
Mr. Underbill's awards met with loud ap
plause.
At the end of the judging an auction
sale was held, and N. J. Stewart of Aro
mas had the pleasure of selling two collie
dog puppies, by Ormskirk Blueher out of
Crapton Miss Rose, at a good figure, one
to D. Byron Erkenbrecher of Los Angeles
ana the other to Miss L. E. Hart of Santa
Barbara. Mr. Rutherford of Santa Bar
bara bought Countess Rosemel, by Cham
pion Melrose out of Valkyrie, from C. K.
Barker of San Jose. This show evidently
imbued the Santa Barbarenos with the
dog fever, for A. G. Wilson has arranged
to take fifteen dogs to the Seattle show
In September.
The awards for specials, as a rule, were
fair, though some of Mr. Payne's decisions
must have been dictated by personal bias,
as mere Ignorance could not account for
them. Mr. Sumner's decisions awarding
to Sweet William all the prizes for which
he was eligible were universally indorsed,
for the pup is one of the finest fox ter
riers ever bred on the coast.
Mr. Payne awarded the special for best
Great Dane to Miss L. E. Hart's Riband
II; a dog with nothing but a fair body to
recommend him. In view of this fact
John L. Cunningham's Champion Juanita
also ran. The decision is as rank a one
as was ever seen and can only be ex
plained on the ground of the judge's per
sonal animus against Juanita's owner.
Viking, the dog that was placed second
to Riband II In the open class, excelled
the latter In every way though he was
not as good as Juanita. Another ridicu
lous decision was the award of the special
for the best St. Bernard to King Mene
lek over Omar Khayyam. The latter is
so much the superior that no comparison
can possibly exist. It is considered un
likely that H. T. Payne will ever judge
the bench show in Santa Barbara again.
The following awards are announced:
Mastiffs— For the best dog or bitch. F. T.
I'nderhill gold medal, won by A. M. Boyd's
Bismarck.
Great Panes— For the best dog or bitch. J.
R. Fithlan sterling silver cup, won by Miss
Louise E. Hart's Riband 11.
For the best opposite sex to winner cup, the
Senate gold medal, won by J. L. Cunning
ham's Juanita. .' .
• For the second dog or bitch. J. M. Forbes
collar won by Miss L. E. Hart's Marljel 11.
For the best bitch with Utter, suit of
clothes, won by Dr. Park's Bell.
St Bernards— For the best dog or bitch. C.
A. Loud -.fiver cup, won by Mrs. C. G. saxes
King Menel.-k.
For the best opposite sex to winner of cup,
belt presented by Tomllnson Bros.' won by Miss
c' A. Smart's Princess Sheherezade.
For the best dog puppy, fifty pounds dog
cakes, presented by Spratt'a Patented Lim
ited, won by Miss Tlllie Lorraine's King Ka
n.ehameha.
For the best bitch puppy, $1 shines and twen
ty-five pounds dog cakes, won by A. G. Grant's
Queen Regent.
For the best clog in open class. Nat Stewart
. up, .won by Miss Til lie Lorraine's Omar
Khayyam. . ■ , , _
Bloodhounds— For the best dog or bitch, bottle
of whisky presented by G. B. Parma, won by
Byron Erkenbrecker's General Funston. ■;■'
For the best dog or bitch puppy, dog collar
presented by E. E. Packard & Co., won by
Byron Erkenbrecker's General Funston.
Pointers— For the best dog or bitch. Prlece
Bros-.' gold medal, won by T. E. Walker's
Lassie K. • •
For the best English setter In the show,
statuette "Setter" presented by Show & Hunt,
won by H. A. Wegener's Queen of Counts.
For the best opposite sex to winner of
statuette, box of cigars presented by The Peer
less, won by D, B. Stephenson's ''rouse F.
For the best English setter, open class, 11.
S. Short gnld medal, won by C. A. Loud's
Stambouleta.
For the best puppy, box of candy presented
by the Arlington Cash Grocery, won by C. A.
Loud's Ruth Gladstone.
Gordon setters— For the best dog or bitch,
gold medal presented by Collins & Walton,
won by T. Helf rich' Don Carlos.
Cocker spaniels, other than black— For the
best .'log or bitch, gold medal presented by The
Olympia. won by Redwood Cocker Kennels'
Champion Tootsie W.
For the best opposite sex to winner of medal,
knife presented by J. T. Crane & (-,->.. won by
Redwood Cocker Kennels' Champion Colorado.
Cocker spaniels, black For the best dog or
bitch, sliver cup presented by William Oouth
out Jr., won by Redwood Cocker Kennels'
Champion Havoc.
For the best opposite sex to winner of cup.
set of toilet bottles presented by A. M. Ruiz,
won by Redwood Cocker Kennels' Champion
Polly Pastime.
For the best Cocker kennel, all the property
01 the exhibitor, gold medal presented by the
Morning Press, won by the Redwood Cocker
Kennels.
For the second best Cocker bitch, bottle of
perfumery presented by C. C. Newman, won by
Henry D. Aker'tt Woodland Trixey.
Collies— For the best kennel of collies, silver
cup presented by E. F. Dunn, won by O. J.
Albee.
For the best pair of follies, cold medal pre
sented by N. .1 Stewart, won by O. ,T. Albee.
For the best trl-color dog or bitch, gold
medal presented by Hawley Bros., won by X.
J. Stewart's Ormskirk Yarrow.
For^the best opposite sex to winner of medal,
lamp presented by R. L. Booth, won by X. .1.
Stewart's Ormskirk Duke.
For the best puppy bitch, cigarettes present
ed by Butler's Candy Kitchen, won by X. .1.
Stewart's Rose Roy.
Hull Terriers— For the best dog or bitch, gold
medal presented by Roede- & Ott, won bi
lly ron Erkenbrecker's Teddy Roosevelt.
For the best opposite sex to winner, box of
cigars presented by T. and A, Cloux, won by A.
Rutherford's Daisy.
Fox Terriers— For the best dog or bitch, en
graving, "Crlbbage," presented by Hill Hurst
Kennels, anil silver cup, presented by R. Bar
rett Fithlan, won by '■ L. Waring". Sweet
William. -,:
For the best opposite sex to winner, silver
medal presented by C. A. Sumner, won by
Orangedale Kennels' Orangedale Babe.
Fnr the best dog puppy, "The Autobiography
or the Fox Terrier Bob," presented by C. A.
Sumner, won by G. 1,. Waring's Sweet Wil
liam. ■tf'-.tf
For the best bitch puppy. "The Autobiogra
phy of the Fox Terrier Hob." presented by C.
A. Sumner, won • by Orangedale Kenn<*l«'
Orangedale Babe, -.
For the best novice dog. half-dozen bars dog
soap presented by Bpratt'S Patent Limited,
won by R. Y. Hayne'u Nick.
For the best novice dog, "The Aut'ib|o»frapliv
of the Fox Terrier Rob," won by R. B. Fith
ian's Pat.
Hf it ?! For the he«t dog- or hitch, gold medal
presented by W. Lacy Waters, won by S. W.
Stillwell's Roll/ Poly
Japanese Spaniels For the Lest dog or bitch,
gold medal presented by Rox«-r & Ott, won by
William ( i,, nth nit's Fug! Sam.
GOSSIP OF DCG FA CIERS.
The Santa Barbara dog show has at
tracted many of the fanciers from this
city to Its exhibition during the past
week. The owners who exhibited have
won their share of ribbons, cups and
medals.
Mr. Carlton of Boston terrier fame Is
happily on tho road to convalescence after
a severe illness.
John E. de Ruyter reports the Pacific
Coast Field Trials' Association officials
as well satisfied With the increase In this
year's derby entry. The increase Is a
substantial one. and attests to the heart
ier interest taken in the field trials by
local sportsmen.
The prospects of the reorganization of
the Southern California Kennel Club are
favorable. The dog owners are making
strenuous efforts to Induce Charley Sum
ner to resume the presidency.' If Mr.
Sumner can be induced to take hold of
the club again its success will be assured, j
and Bos Angeles will once more hold an
annual bench show.
SWIMMERS AT SUTRO'S.
The contests arranged by the manage
ment of Sutro Baths with the entries for I
to-morrow are as follows: . J
Fifty-yard dash. novlee-'-J. Kelly, O. Low- j
enthal, R. Narston, W. King, J. Mugan, <*. \
King, E. MaiHt.>n. 100-yard dash. Juvenile— j
W. Waters, J. Keogh. M. Johnston. P. Mur
phy. W. Peters. W Early, 11. Riding. 100
--yard dash, amateurs— W. Lee, H. Mlsh, C. i
Cunha, P. Mattner, H. Hirs-hflpld. J. McCrea. i
Tub race, 100 yards- -W. Phillip*. E. Wells.
C. Augustus, B. Baudaln. C. Schwartz, .W.
Yarrow. O. Ehrman. 11 Stelljes. E. Beyer.
High diving for boys— H. Lelcjon. W. Hoff
man, C. ("coke. C. Royal. 1.. Laird, H. P-r- I
gam, M. Divert, J. Daniels. Trick and fancy i
springboard diving— A. Baganatori. M. Divert, j
G. Walscott. D. McCann, M. McCowan, <;. La- j
Rue, F. Ralston, J. Gladstone, C. Strohlin, P.
Govlannl. '
. ♦ ■
**■ Doings of the Wheelmen.
The third annual relay race between the
wheelmen of Carson and Reno. Nev., will
be held on August 13. Each team has won
a race and each is making special efforts
to capture the event this year.
Joseph A. Ostendorf, a well-known deal
er of Los Angeles, has been in the city
this week on a business trip. " ■" H tf.'
Charles Dietle, at one time a director
of the Bay City Wheelmen, died recently.
He was prominent ln cycling affairs dur
ing the boom times.
S. B. Vincent is touring through Marin
and adjoining counties on a vacation trip.
Ed O. Kragness and Lester Hammer
smith of the Olympic Wheelmen are on
their wheels en route for Southern Cali
fornia points.
The clubs are already making early
preparations for the big twenty-mile team
race in September for the Baker & Ham
ilton trophy. The Olympics now hold the
cup.
Stelzner and Jeffords.
J. D. Glbbs. matchmaker of the Na- •
tlonal Athletic Club, is trying to bring
about another meeting between boxers ■
Jeffords and Stelzner on the night of the j
NHll-McConnell bout. They fought in the
ring of the San Francisco Athletic Club
some months since, when Stelzner .won i
after an uphill battle. Jeffords' showing !
with Jones on Thursday night is not
taken as a measure of his form. It is
recalled that Jeffries made a similar
showing with ''Mexican Pete" Everett at :
th* Olympic Club when they met. The '
latter doubled himself up like Jones, and
Jeffries was in doubt as to what he should
do.
It is expected Stelzner and Jeffords will
■soon reach an understanding as to the
purse lor which they will agree to box.
Sunday's Handball Games.
The following entries have been made
, for Sunday's handball parries at Phil i
I Ryan's handball court, SoS Howard street: j
' D. J. Sheehan and J. R. Bookman vs. E. !
McDonough and K. Lynch. .
A. McVlcker and T. Lydon vs. G. Smith and
I J. Condon.
E. Barry and J. Kit-by vs. D. Regan and R. I
Housman. I
J. Howling and G. Dall vs. P. Ryan and P. |
Hutchinson.
G. McDonald and P. Steiner vs. D. Rodgers
and M. McNeil.
J. Collins and K. Toy vs. J. White and M. :
Magruire.
J. Riordon and A. Hampton vs. M. J. Kil
gallon and R. I.inehan.
, . _
Sprinter's Fast Run.
BUTTE, Mont.. July 21.— Dan Crlndrod j
! of Helena ran 100 yards* In 9 3-5 seconds i
i here to-day, thus equaling the accepted j
: professional record for that distance.
GREAT GRAPE GROWERS
ACCEPT CROCKER'S OFFER
-
The enterprise of Henry J. Crocker, in
which he offers to buy all the dry wine
grapes in the State at a rate of $12 and
$14 per ton for the next seven years ha:
been received with great favor In the va
rious districts where meetings of growers
have been held. It remains, however, for
the Italian-Swiss colony to give the plan
its most substantial and momentous send
off.
In a letter to Mr. Crocker under date
of yesterday Secretary Sbarboro of that
Institution shows the grape growers of
the State his faith In the movement.- He
says:
Enclosed please find postal card favorably
accepting your proposal to buy our grapes for
the next seven years at $14 per ton for stand
ard grades and $12 per ton for Mission and
Malvaslas. We have about 1000 acres of vines,
which produce 2000 to .'i"" -1 tens of grapes,' in
accordance with the season, all the vineyards
not yet being in. bearing.
If the srrape growers of the State act to their
best Interests and accept your proposition the
colony will continue to set out more vines from
year to year until its large tracts of land will
have been all planted. If you -succeed, as we
hone you will, in your laudable undertaking,
the people of California, In whatever pursuit
engaged, will be grateful to you for having
saved and brought to a paying basis what
should eventually be one of the greatest indus
tries ot the State.
SOLDIERS WHO BEG.
Three Arrested and Will Be Turned
Over to the Military Author
ities To-Day.
The practice of soldiers begging on the j
streets has incensed the authorities at the j
Presidio and a severe example will be |
made of those offending. John McGrath, j
who begged from Major Noble, was
turned over to the military authorities
Thursday by Judge Treadwell, and yes
terday a similar request was made to
Judge Conlan in the cases of three other
soldiers.
Edward Noonan of the Twelfth Infan
try and Patrick O'Connor and Frank Sny
der, casuals, were arrested about 1 o'clock
yesterday morning on Montgomery street
by Policeman Leonard for begging. Leon
ard watched them for several blocks and |
saw them solicit money from every per- !
son they met. When he went up to them j
they had the effrontery to ask him for
car fare to take them to the Presidio, I
although all cars had stopped running at
that hour. When searched Noonan hail I
55 cents in his pocket; O'Connor 40 cents :
and Snyder -•' cents. They were all un
der the influence of liquor. ;
The Judge received a message from the
Presidio to keep the three men in custody j
till to-day, when an officer would be sent |
to take them to the Presidio, where they |
will be punished.
THEIR MEMORIES DEFECTIVE. j
Three Women Witnesses in the Case
of Charles Wyman Warned by-
Judge Treadwell.
The preliminary examination of Charles
Wyman on the' charge of assault to mur
der, now proceeding in Judge Tread-well's
court, is developing into a farce, and yes
terday the Judge was so incensed that
he threatened to send three women wit
nesses to prison, as he whs satisfied they
were not telling the truth, but he after
ward relented. ,
Wvman was at a social at Mrs. Dolan s
house 431 Jessie street, on the night of
June S. During the height of. the festivi
ties Wyman and John Rank quarreled
and Rank was stabbed twice. For a time
it was thought that the wounds would
prove fatal, but Rank recovered.- He now
refuses to prosecute the, case.
Alice Dent. 544 Minna street: Mrs. Do
lan the hostess, and Mrs. Watts, 1112
Howard street, testified yesterday, but
their evidence was in direct contradiction
to what they told the police on the night
of the affray r . ,
That was what angered the Judge and
be ordered them to be In court on Monday,
warning them to he prepared to tell the
truth then. Rank, who has a charge of
vagrancy pending against him, was or
dered into custody.
Installed for the Term.
The following named have been Installed I
as officer** for the current term for Golden '
Gate Lodge, Independent Order of Sons
of Benjamin: J.. Jacobs, president: L.
Aaron, vice president; Martin S. Meyer,
secretary; L. 7,ler, treasurer; G. Seellg,
second, and William Samuel, third trus
tee; I. O. Kasser. ex-presldent. The In
stalling officer was Max Newman.
The following- named are the officers in
stalled for the membership of Ruth Lodge
No. 1 of the Daughters of Judah to serve
for the ensuing term: Miss B. Goodman,
president; Miss Birdie Gutsadt, vice presi- '
dent; Miss B. Cohn, recording secretary; ■
Mrs. S. Meyer, financial secretary; Miss I
A. Morris, treasurer; Miss A. . Schrogge,
attendant; Miss Pauline Aaron, inside |
guard: Mrs. D. Aaron and Philip Cohn.
trustees: Dr. A. Nusbaum, physician.
The following officers of Yerba Buena
Dodge. A. O. U. W.. were Installed by Dis
trict Deputy Grand Master Workman
Wlgmore and a staff of acting grand offi
cers: J. B. Clifford, past master work
man: F. AY. Bain, master workman; W.
E. Bain, foreman: C. P. Shea, overseer;
G. W. Hanna, guide; Fred Rothganger.
recorder; C. 11. King, financier; F. Law
ren. receiver; R. J. Wellbank, outside
watchman. Past Master J. B. Shaylor, on
behalf of the lodge, presented a fine badge
of the order to Robert E. Romer, the re
tiring past master.
Supreme Councilor H. W. Mathews, as
sisted by Supreme Organizing Deputy
William G. Cressy as supreme guide, pub
licly Installed the following named as offi
cers of Golden Gate Council No. 11 of the
Order of Pendo in the social hall of the
Foresters* building, which was crowded:
George Waterman, past councilor; Ernest
linden, councilor: Hannah E. Morrell,
vice councilor; W. T. Jones, secretary;
A. J. Colby, treasurer: Mary A. Duden,
chaplain; Helen M. Mathews, guide; O. L..
Scott, warden, and H. M. Mathews, sen
tinel. The ceremony of induction in office
was followed by an entertaining pro
gramme of vocal and instrumental music
and an address by Major C. W. Kyle.
His Own Carelessness.
An inquest was held by Coroner -■ >il
yesterday on t..e body of Carlo Solari,
who was killed on the 19th of this month
by being run over by a steam dummy on
the Cliff House route. There was some
conflict in the testimony of witnesses as
to whether the bell of the train thai
struck Rolari was ringing, but the evi
dence was unanimous on the point that
the train was in motion when Solari
jumped and that if the bell was ringing
the trains were so close together at tho
time the unfortunate man Jumped that it
would have been Impossible to have
stopped the dummy in time to save him
F. J. Tutenberg. the fireman, and Samuel
Smith, the engineer, testified positively
that the bell was ringing and that the en
gineer shouted at Solari. The jury re
turned a verdict that the deceased came
to his death through his own carelessness
by jumping off the train while it was in
motion.
Sunday Requiem Masses Forbidden.
It has been the custom In many Catholic
churches in this archdiocese to have re
quiem masses celebrated on Sundays be
tween the hours of 9 and half-past 9
o'clock.- This has been a serious incon
venience to pewholders, who have been
compelled to give up their seats tomourn
ers attending the requiem services. The
Archbishop has just issued a regulation
directing the clergy in charge of parishes
not to hold requiem masses on Sundays
hereafter. Such services may be held on
any other day of the week.
The people of Brazil have learned to
make their own beer and native brewer
ies now supply nearly all the demand.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
'^tf Steamers leave Broadway
WW- wharf, fan Francisco:
Ig_s%_'___. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
«Bbp?£jß*l__ July "■'. 30, August 4. chance
i J»N^'3S^^l For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
_£E__->«_fl^Hl C.), Port Townsend, Seattle.
f^^i-^_A\ Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
" and New Whatcom (Wash.),
v^ 10 a. m.. July 25, 30. August
4 and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. R>*. '. at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. July
23. 28, August 2, and every fifth day there- '
*For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cavucos Port Harford (Fan Luis Obispo),
Gaviota ' Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme
'••m Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m . July 2*!. 27. 31, August 4,
and every fourth day thereafter.
-or San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
I ,-,« Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., July 26, 2.. August 2. and every fourth day
' For & Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, Sun Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. .■ ■■ ' ' ..""'
For further Information obtain folder. ■•
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, salline dates
and hours of sailing. _____
i IIOKKT ' * "■•<"*" —1 New Montgomery
i street (Palace Hotel). _
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
i 10 Market st., Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Bert*
IAnL $8 Second Class and Meals. *
Columbia .-ails July 22.
State of California sails July 27.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 1" a. m.
New York.... August 2 New York. ...August 28
St. Louis August 9 St, Louis August 30
St. Paul August 161
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Adrla July 2* Kensington Aug. 16
Southwark ..August 2;Xoordland Aug. 23
Westernland ...Aug. 3
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, SI. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe Glioma). Xagnsakl and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers fcr
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sall'nz
AMERICA MAKE Wednesday. July 21
ItONCKc'Vi; MAKE.... Thnrs«iav ->-_.,,. 17
NIPPON MART' Tuesday, September 11
Round-trip • tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's otflce.
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. B. CVRTTS General A«rent.
PKa~fi"»lßfflft The S. S. Australia
_dP^Mn_r_BMairsalls tor Honolulu
• fc Wednesday, July 26. '
■ _/^i"^\ S. S. Moana sails
m JP*_B Slfam ( *riirV ' via Honolulu and
■»fe*ajrG?lw!llDlllU- Auckland for Sydney
■""-"-flSot-s*" fomi-lTlflll- Wednesday. August 9,
— : __*?" •'■'■" at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc.; 1610 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Monigomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Olflce. 327 Market St.
COMPAONI** GENERAL-* TRANSATLANTIC^!.
■ DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS,
i Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. -^jjj .->
i from Pier 42, North River, foot of - ***
Morton St. LA GASCOGXE, J*\y 29; I*l
TOURAINE, August 5; LA CHAMPAUNE.
Augusf^:; LA BRETAGNE. August 19; LA
NORMANDIE. .August 26. First-class to
Havre. $65 and upward. 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. Second-class to Havre Mr. 10
tier cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL,
AGEXCY FOR UNITED STATES AXD CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
, York' J F. Fl-GA7.I & CO., Pacific Coast
. Agents. * Montfo-TKTv aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAHEBS.
1 STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at * a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
' daily (excepting Sunday).
' CALIFORXIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
j Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MOX. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:«
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): -FrH
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., %,
P "m. Landing and office, Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE ■> "___
/^\. i)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ilsLtw-wJol 625 KEABJIT «T. Established
|_FfjP*__3Bk in 1854 for the treatment ol Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
B2SKEABKTBT. Establbrbed
ln 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
li_a_aB-'_E"fh disease wearing on bodyand mind and,
ZSI&HMniwI Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
*JlM__H nthrmfrll Try blm. Charges low.
nOTrj-iJ-fffll (orm fosrsnteed. CUlorwrlUh
1 j_x. J. IT. *»_BEO>, Box 1837, Saa Frandscxk
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Coll. corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES -527 Montgomery treat.
corner Clay; cen until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Haves street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock. «
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tint I] 9 o'clock.
300 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M. «
will meet THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN-^^
INC.. July 22. ..: 7:30 .'clock. M. M. *%3f
degree. By order of the H. P. /**_**"
'FRANKLIN H. HAY. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree due No. 2, oOJ___j&^
1 o i' F Regular meeting *__^HE?^:
THIS (SATURDAY' EVENING. ; *SWHO^
First degree. ' ' ' _
A. K. KINGSFi M. D.
TO the officers and members 'of Ex- <^tt^^>
celslor i. .:■,-•■ No. 310, I. O. O. ! '"- -*_2*_^SSs^r
—The funeral of our late brother, -^^^^-s==*
Past Grand ,1. H. McGFANE, -^V/lt^
fr.un Excelsior Hall, 2319 Mission St., on SUN-
DAY, July 23. at 10 o'clock a. "i. Funeral
fines will be enforced.
D. V DEROEL, N. G.
W. A. McINNIS. R. .-
SAN FRANCISCO Fire Department— ,/_*__?-*_V
The regular funeral detail of this JSMS3L*
departmeni will assemble at 18 En.-' S-SCTuV
glne. THIS 'AY. at 8 o'clock a m.. for the
purpose of attending the funeral of the late
JOHN J. RIORDAN, late member of this
department. By order
JOHN DOUGHERTY,
Acting Chief n f -Department.
A?S O.IUAW.-fl Excelsior j Lodge No. 126-
Officers and members of the ahove-jfS^fcS
named lodge are hereby requested !"&£&*§? '
attend the funeral of our late brother, <-2_C*-
JOHN H. McGUANE. TO-MORROW (SUN-
DAY"), at 10 o'clock, from Excelsior Hall, i
2319 Mission st.
GEO. W. HUMMEL. Master Workman.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the a! deck Sanatorium will be held
at 717 Jones St.. TUESDAY EVENING, Au- j
trust 1. at *":**o . "lock.
ELMER E. KELLY, M.D.. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of stockholders of the . - alau Plan-
tation Company will be held at the offici» i
of the company," 327 Market St.. San Francis-
co. Cal.. on TUESDAY, the Ist day of All-
gust. 1599. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and the trans- \
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on SATURDAY. July 29. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting -The Risdon Iron and Loco- '
motive Works— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Loeomo-
live Works, for the election of trustees for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may be brought before the
meeting, will be held at the Bee of the com- 1
pany. southeast corner of Beale and Howard
sts., San Francisco,' on MONDAY, the 7th •
day of August, 1599. at 11 o'clock a m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association will hold ;
the thirteenth annual picnic at Shell -Mound
Park, Berkeley. SUNDAY, August ■' 1899
Valuable irate and tame prizes will be con-
gested for. A new Domestic sewing machine, '
velue $75, is selected as flrst gate prize. Mu-
sic by a union band. Professors McCarthy
and McMahon are engaged for the reel and :
jig dancing. Adults' tickets, 50c; children, |
under 12 years, free.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
celved an application from H. W. Tanger- !
man to mm" by the hydraulic pro. -ess In the
Clinton placer mine, at Clinton. Amador i :oun- i
tv. and to deposit tailings In Jackson Creek,
gives notice that a meeting will be held ,
at room 59. Flood building. San Francisco, j
Cal.. on July 31. - 19. at 1:30 p. m. !
ACCOUNTANTS.
6. K. BALLARD. 401 CalJ st.. designs, audita &
adjusts accT.ints for rorporat *ons & firms, re..
'- I
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla- 1
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have ;
nicved their' law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 825-553 Market st. ; tel. South 215. i
ADVICE free; divorce law a laity; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W. i
HOWE, atty at law, 550 Market. cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE I free: 'no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. • pp. Mason. |
L S CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927.,
Market: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
AT 4] First st. — Nicely furnished rooms, with j
board. $5 a week up: Swedish home; parlor.
ATLAS,** 1001' Sutter— New, beautifully furnished j
sunny' suites, single r.. reas.; board jip tion ah
FELL* llS— Large sunny room, with board, for I
2. "37 50; also Ingle room.
O'FARRELL" 742— Clean comfort rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents. /
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm. ; cen. for lunches^
SUTTER. 112S— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden; home king.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG man with two girls (children) desires !
home in private family: German, Christian
people preferred. Box 724. Cal! office. Oakland.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED- Infant to board; %10 a month. 210
Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
REFINED, experienced nurse has a comfort- ;
able bom" fcr Infants: "10 mo. 531 A Castro st.
i m
BOOKS NEW AM' "1 I),
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book C .. 704 Mission St., near Third, j
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$350— DAIRY produce business In leading mar-
ket of this city; horse and wagon, inquire I
WILKIE, 906 Market-st.
PARTNER for -.■ Interest In a vaudeville en- 1
terprise to act as treasurer; JlO'mi capital re-
quired; investment fully guaranteed: similar
to the- (i.-phoum. WILKE. 9"6 Market st.
$450— Saloon; best location on city front; sell-
Ing on account of sickness. R. G. WILKIE j
& CO.. 906 Market St.. room 7 and 8.
A— JllOo— CHOI* house and coffee saloon In I
-ivholesal; district; established years; clearing]
above $150 per month; only cause of sale dis- j
agreement of partners. WILKE, 90fi Market. 1
A— THE. best-paying and for years established
corner* grocery and bar iri the Mission; low I
rent; must be sold at once; on account of j
f.-.mily trouble the place Is turned over to a 1
wholesale liquor house; investigate and make j
your oiler. Call R. G. WILKE, W. Market. |
A— s4so; DRY goods, notions and fancy store, j
with living rooms; rent $14: good paying; 1
stock worth the money; owner to leave. R. I
G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— DEATH of owner cause of great sacrifice;
nali with mercantile lunch; established :
years:. rent free; splendid [paying; lease; close'
to Market and Second sts.: investigate at !
once. R. G. V, ILKE, '.-06 Market st.
A-"500: SALOONJ about 50 feet from Call build
ing; rent $50; doing a good paying business;
owner to leave the city. Call R. G. WILKE,
906 Market st.
A MANUFACTURING and' Jobbing business for
less than one-fourth Its value; owner going
to Europe and must be sold for le?s than J100J;
will net $200 to $:ioo per month; come quick
and investigate this day; make offer. COW-
ING & CO.; 995 Market st.
A SALOON corner, near Market: must sell at
once: sacrlf.ee. COWING & CO.. 995 Market. !
A- CIGAR store; great sacrifice; cheap rent-
must seil Oils day. COWING ._. CO., 995 Mkt!
BUTTER and egg route; best In city; great
sacrifice. COWING & CO., I 15 Market st.
FINE steam laundry; best In the city; must be
fold. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
A— MILLINER store; best in the State; must
be soid. COWING & co., 995 Market st.
*.!s!>— GROCERY' and bar*, rent $16: 4 rooms; de-
parturo cause sale. "d -I-A I 'Gill. l 777 Mkt.
$25(1— LAUNDRY route with good horse and
wagon: other business cause of sale. He-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777% Market st.
GOOD paying saloon In the business center of
city. Inquire McLAUGHLIN, 777*. Market st.
$500 — SALOON; bargain; this day. on account
of disagreement of partners. McLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777*,. Market st.
ATTENTION— To sell your business promptly
for cash apply to HEALY A CO., 917 Market.
J I *'.!*)— PROMINENT corner grocery and bar;
• best location in the city; selling at invoice
- price. HEALY & Co., id 7 Market st.
$350— RESTAURANT and oyster house; prin-
cipal street north of Market; clearing JlOO per
month: investigate. HEALY & CO.. 917 Mkt.
ONE-HALF interest In a paying manufactur-
ing business: goods sold to dealers; large
profits; active single man preferred; Capital
necessary $500. Apply PACIFIC COAST EX-
CHANGE, rooms 2-**. 1007". Market, nr. 6th.
-fioo— RESTAURANT; 25c meals; doing fine
business; low rent: cause of selling, other
business. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$525— ! -ROOM house; good location; all rented;
rent $50. BASILE, 3 Eddy st. _ ;
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$150 — COFFEE saloon; principal street; near
Market St.; established 15 years: place Is a
mint; trial given. M. LESS & CO., 765 Mkt.
| OFFEE saloon and chop house, oppo-
site ferry*: crowded during meal hours; steady
run all. day; old established place; well fur-
nished; a good paying business Al bargain.
M LESS & CO., 765 Market st. ___
$450— SALOON and lunch house; good part city;
9 rooms, inc. furniture: roomers pay more
than rent; big bar trade. LESS S.- CO., 765
Market.
$350- RESTAURANT and oyster house; pros-
perous town of State; value In sight; good
business; practically with competition;
bargain. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
FOR sale— Grocery and liquor store; very old
stand: situated at corner of Pine and Du-
pont. city; run-' wishing to retire from the
retail business; a good chance for one or two
persons with a moderate capita!. For fur-
ther information Inquire at L.ENORMANI*
BROS., SW. cor. Pine and Dupont sts.
I HAVE a list of good-paylne; grocery stores.
Falcons, bakeries coffee houses, restaurants,
hotels, merchandise, etc . sold and exchanged.
Call and see my list. EITEL. 1008*4 Market.
FIRST-CLASS saloon: good location: for sple
cheap; no agents. Inquire at ("all office.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar. NE. corner
First and Folsom sts.
FlGAlTstrTre: niusl be sold; offer wanted. Ap-
ply 400 Montgomery st. | •
FIRSTS-CLASS saloon for sale on water front. j
Apply 527 Montgomery st
GROCERY and bar. well stocked, cheap. Ap- :
ply WICHMAN. LUTGEN & ("P.. 320 Clay st. ;
FOR sale— The Lark Saloon. 1? Seventh st.
FOR sale— Complete pet of tinner's machine and
hand tools, pipe vises. stocks and dies,
wrenches and plumber's hand tools, etc.; nec-
essary t<' outfit a plumbing and tinning shop.
All in good shape and at a bargain Address
Box 1509, Call office.
$350 WILL buy roadside house, with lease of
lar>;e lot: rent, $10 a month; 10 rooms, with j
stable, sheds, chicken and pigeon house; car-
riage sheds; 4* minutes', from Kearny st.
Particulars 126 O'Farreil st.
FOR sale An old established corner grocery
and saloon dojng a good profitable business;
owner moving to his own store. Apply at
Hibernia Brewery, 1225 Howard st.
FAMILY boarding-house: steady larders; 14
rms.. all occupied; bargain. A.C.hox 71. Call.
A^-"325; B A RDER si-op with laundry office; re-
ceipts $70 week: 3 chairs; near Market: bar- .
gain, city Business Exchange, 1032 Market.
$2i<oO— FIRST-CLASS grocery: must' be sold at
once; best of reasons for selling; new stock |
and fixtures: v.'ill invoice $3000;:-long estab-
lished: low rent; long lease; Investigate im- j
mediately; chance for Eastern man. Box
4991. Call office.
$40,000 FOR '■- interest in an enterprising bus!- I
ness: no experience required. Address box j
4994, Call office.
STORE-CofTee. tea. crockery and notions, 1128*4 i
Folsom; very reasonable. Apply 1176 Harrison, j
$135— BRAN" bakery, notion store; 2 living :
rooms. 505"4 Filbert St.
TO sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON. 7S3*. Market st.
$175— SHOE shop: pays well; low rent: good
prices; must be sold; make offer. 332 Rush St.
BARGAIN— Meat market; *2."0; splendid lo-
cality; cash business. Apply owner, 506 ("astro.
FIRST .'I. locality for fruit and poultry in
market; complete fixtures. Post st . .near La- •
mina. i
FIRST-CLASS paying I it her. sausage and I
pork-packing business for sale In one of the i
best towns north of San Francisco. For par- j
tlculars Inquire at this office.
$200— SALOON with good business. Inquire 63* i
Third st. j
CLOTHING, boot and shoe and furnishing .
goods business In thrifty condition: 50 miles j
fr m San Francisco; fine ..ornate and good
business point. Box 4865, Call office.
$1 50-"-1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or |
statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL I
A. BLEY, 511 Sacramento St.; tel Main 1886
GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San |
Pablo aye.. Oakland: no agents. ;
COFFEE nnd tea routes supplied from GEO. |
W. CASWELL & CO.'S.. ■'• Sacramento ■-
CARRIAGES AND tVAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness. J
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, .arts. j
buggies, surreys an.l horses 1140 Folsom st. i
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN You become disgusted with pcor work |
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st.; tel S. 40. j
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453' Stevenson st.: tel. South 225; lowest rates. I
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.: cleaninc. Sc per yard: tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 30S Golden •
Gnte; carpets cleaned. Sc yd.; tel. Mint 316. I
CONKLIN'S Garnet-beating Works, 333 Golden •
Gate nve.: tel East 12". i
***************'-- - - , --*r*****__******* l ****~*****************^**
CLEANING ■ OMPOUM DS.
UTICA Cleaninc and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste: a household blessing: a sure I
cure '.or poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR..
Agent. 'M'th-e and factory. 21 Si >■■■"■ st. j
CLAIR"* ov ANTS.
MRS. .T. .1. WHITNEY, trance, test medium. !
life render: nisi medical clalrvcyant; treats |
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send |
stamp for circular. Offices. 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary: Sittings. $1; diagnosis tree |
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and j
card reader; born with double veil and second j
sight; diagnoses disease; full life readings;
ladies, 50i ; gents. $1; sitting". $1 50. 120 Turk.
ARRIVED— The king of all mediums. Prof.
Halev; tells your life from cradle to grave;
50c. $1 up. 106 Taylor St., pari 3-5. /
MME AUGUST. 1119 Mission St., clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c,
YOUR future told by cards. 23c; three pages of
your life written. $1. 959 A ward st.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards.
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
CONSULT on matters of business, health and
happiness LAJHI, the Psychic, 120 A Eddy st.
MME. HANSON, card readerand palmist: past,
present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 12.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader: 10c: ladles only.
543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth- and Seventh.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards: satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c . Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St.. room 6.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
Int.d's picture. 25c; ladies. si O'Farreil st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FURNISHED tent for housekeeping; also camp-
ing ground. Address 11. HARDMAN, Ross,
Marin County.
CORNER window fiat, 7 rooms, bath, gas:
cottage of . rooms. Wl loth st.. nr. Dolores.
FOR sale or to let— 2 or 3 cottages in perfect
order cheap: key at 1422 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY BOARDING
COUPLE without children can find extra com- i
fortable board on fruit farm at reasonable
rates. Ad. DAVIDSON. Dimond. Alameda Co.
DENTISTS.
Ac^Dß~T™sT HIGGINS' Dental Parlors, 927
Market st., over Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and most |
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold ]
filling, from - $1: other fillings, from 50c;
plates, from $4 50; flesh colored plates, from
M; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
fper tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years: crown j
and bridce work teeth without a plate; fill- 1
ings, DOc; crowns, $3 50; plate?, full set, $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL NIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bids-, you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,.
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free. $4 *.0 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farreli st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, S3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4; nil'ings, 25c up; gold
crowns. $3; gold bridges. $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates reparred. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st„ near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
MEYER, 6 Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
THE SA3T- FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 22. 1899.
DENTISTS.
V AN iOM Painless extraction by electric- |
ltv* guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. 880 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
■ YOUNG. IS4I Folk St.
EDUCATIONAJU, '
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., San
Francisco. Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand. typing. languages, telegraphy,
English bran, civil and mining engineer-
ing assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice design, construction. mechanical
drawing: *f5 teachers; Individual instruction,
20ti graduates annually placed In positions,
students can enter for any course any time.
no entrance examinations; new SO-page cata-
log lree^ '
HOLMES' College of Oratory Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture. Delsarte, vocal music, piano.
violin, journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected: 15 instructors; degrees con-
ferred: day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary' for catalogue. Odd. lows' bldg., S. F.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy.
penmanship. English branches, etc.; life
scholarship. $50; low rates .per week and mo. j
M G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny .ms, low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1238 Markt
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm- |
ing mech. survey sssav, archi.; day and eve.: j
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, P. F., and 905 Broad !
way. Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
dayandnight: terms low. 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
THE Studio. 103" Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet, English and German. BOc lesson. |
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri- I
vate lessons. $6 mo. 014 Hayes St.. top flat.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher; ten I
years' experience: 50c an hour. 629 Eddy st. j
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus- I
mess College. 305 Larkin St." opp. City Hall, j
CHEAPEST and best in America The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the j
United States or Canada one year for $1. |
postage paid ■ • !
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-* Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56. j
ORPHEUM Employment Office- Japanese, Chi- i
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: te| Ttlack 1321.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Female.
WANTED— By a bright young lady, expe-
rienced, position as copyist, cashier or office !
work; best of references; wages no object.
Box 912, Call office.
NEAT go d woman wishes a place to assist in
housework or upstairs work, more for good <
home With nice people than wages. Call 946 !
Harrison st. j
TWO German gins just from East wish situa-
tions; upstairs work: highest references. 1207 |
Market St.; phone Mint 1839. j
RESPECTABLE middle-aged German lady !
would like situation as working housekeeper; |
ha- references. Box 939, Call.
COMPETENT Eastern woman; is good cook;
will do washing: city or country; good ref-
erence. 746 Mission st.
GERMAN* woman wants plain sewing to do at
home. 821 Mission St., room 1.
YOUNG woman wishes position as house-
keeper.- 126 Fourth .-t.. room 15.
GERMAN girl wants place; general housework,
cooking: city. 127 Turk st >
LADY wants to do sewing and mending at ,
home. 150 Fourth st., room 12.
LADY wants to do sewing and mending- at,
home. 179 Fourth St.. room 6.
MIDDLE-AGED German. flrst-class cook,
speaking German only, with good references, ,
wishes situation in good family; city or coun-
try: wages $25. Address 403 Ninth st . Oakland.
YOUNG lady would like position as cashier In
restaurant or saleslady in store. M. 8 . 2045
Fifteenth avenue. South San Francisco.
YOUNG German couple want positions; private j
or tel; city or country. Box 1502, Call office.
GERMAN woman with a child wishes position
to do any kin of housework; city or country;
small wages. Box 1503, Call office.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework and cooking In private family, $20 i
per month. 909 Minna street, near Tenth.
YOUNG ■-..'■ 12 years old wants place to assist ]
with i'ght work for good home and privilege
of tfolng to school. Box 4652, «'..:: office.
WANTED 'are of Infant or child under 4 at j
lady' - home. Box 4990, Call office.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged Swiss-German
lady, speaks English, wishes place to take
care of children; trustworthy; handy with I
sewing; or go out nursing. 916 Howard, r. 17. ]
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar- i
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; *1 50 to $'". ,
week ; crnvenlent and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Male.
PROF WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
'phone Red 2211. 315 Stoc oh st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
bett help. 414U O'Farreil ft.: tel Fast. 424..
COACHMAN'S situation wanted by thoroughly
competent man; am recommended by the |
most prominent families in California as good i
and stylish drive,-; very clean, neat and or- |
derly in all his surroundings. Address G. F. j
W., 147 Fifth st.
WANTED, by a young married man, stranger
in city, some permanent position; good pen-
man and accurate at figures, with some
knowledge of bookkeeping: wholesale house
preferred; no objections to leaving the city.
Box 933. Call.
GENERAL machinist and engineer wants posi-
tion In mine; able to do his own blacksmith-
Ing; also has experience In amalgamating and
artesian well boring. Address within 1 week
ASM. W. WEBER, Winchester Hotel.
FIRST-CLASS French ,-..0k. second to none.
having worked In best families of New York,
with best references, wishes position as cook
In city or abroad. Box 4971. ("all office.
YOUNG man desires position with private fam-
ily as coachman or man about place; under-
stands the care of horses; can milk and tend
garden; references. Box 910, Call,
SITUATION wanted by first-class salesman;
first-class references given; speaks German I
and English perfectly. Address box 4992. Call.
YOUNG man desires position In a progressive
business house; handy at anything and not
afraid of work. Address box 1522, Call.
WANTED— A position as coachman: good hand
with horses: can give references; also good
gardener; can milk cow. Box 4993, Call.
WANTED— Situation In grocery or cigar store
or lodging house; small wages; highest refer-
ences. Address box 937, c a 11. .
GOOD cook wishes position In a restaurant or
cafe; German. 27; sober and steady. Address
F. G., 774 V. Folsom st.
YOUNG man (25) wants work at anything; city
or country. Box 934, Call.
ENGINEER and electrician; holds flrst-class
New York city license; IS years' experience
In hotels and lighting plants; has had charge i
of some of the largest plants East; thorough-
ly understands all details ln connection with
his department: best of references. SHEL-
DON, 1219 Mission St. . ..* ■ .■
YOUNG unmarried man of excellent character
wants position of any kind; will deposit $50
as security for my honesty; no fakir need
answer. Address box 907, Call office.
RELIABLE Japanese school boy wants a po-
sition to work in family; good references. S.
HARA. 1329 Pine st. ■
iI'NG man —"-nes position as bookkeeper or
Office work: 7 years' experience and good ref-
erences. Box 1508, Call offlce.
WANTED— situation by an engineer and
machinist. Address C. O. 8., box 1507. Call.
FIRST-CLASS baker on bread and cakes wishes
employment In country. Address 120 Mission
St.. room 13.
GOOD barber wants a first-class situation. Ad-
dress 119 Oak st.
BAKER— Bread and cake baker wishes posi-
tion. 422 Port SL
COACHMAN Situation wanted; thoroughly
understands care of horses, carriages, garden,
milking; good driver; thoroughly competent.
Box 4999. Call office.
ATTENDANT— Competent nurse wishes to take
care of Invalid gentleman; mental case pre.
ferred; wages reasonable. Address F. M.,
box 4,748. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange — 6-room story and a half
house; lot 100x200; barn, chicken house and
buggy fhtti: 'town water; located best resi-
dence street Dixon; value $2000. Address box
1501. Call office. .
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
MAYERLE'S eye water; a new discovery for
weak, sore. Inflamed. Itching, watery, burning,
painful and overstrained eyes and nerves: by
mall £00. German Optical Institute. 1071*. Mar-
ket, S. F. Wanted— Reliable agt ln every State.
r»-'f ♦ »'• o .*-♦ -;- ♦ •'■ ♦ -•- # 4-* **-♦ *"* '■+■ v *>-4' 4 >*l'*'l"* %- i^-fr-»--r-»**** , *»-y ♦ *I* ♦ •!• * •*' ♦ "I* ♦ 'I* * •
■~ ': r • " " """" •■••—■ —
-• 'tf '■■:': -'< 'rtf-y-'. tf- ■-.'.-•'-■: ■■-,':.■■- :-:■ ':.::.-': tftftf": tfyytf-.y-tftftftftf 'tf-'-ytf} tf:'-:'- -tftftf tftf:: :::':. :■-.■:':■ tftf: tf'tf.tftf' . : tf tf .-:-. ' tf'V ". : *'- - '■:■ -y-tf'i
i^:ytf:tftf--tf.tfy.:tfy. : ::tftf:tf.::tf tftf'":'. . :■,:■■. . ■tftftf ■■■ :■■'■:. tf.-tf:: tf'tftf tftftf. tf: ''.- ' "tftfy tf -tftftf tftf >tf:tf:-:tf-:-:;---ytf.;-tf;
; . y. &j| ■'■■ : ' '$
\ - ■ Ti^gß**'-:. ■ *
i:-'iS||B». '''.'F-i^^Hi_i_l_B___fi_*Lii.. ' *'■«
*"fisi|p<llf» -: _^_|^^^_H__l^-- - ;^_*_i * "^
&.s&'' ' . - 'tf . \
foM:.,'- s ;- - . > ; : \ ?.?lv -JißsgSgFa- ukm wfJUPHta ßßPfe*_Bt__— M __ a -Ks—SJ *
'*, tf ' tf-tftf tftf. \ *tfy .y.
THE MAN OF THE HOUR.
A MAGNIFICENT PORTRAIT OF
lIST TEN COLORS'
(Size 14x21 inches.)
! FREE ■- Advertisers |
♦ ♦
Bring in Your Advertisements To-day and To-morrow for
SUNDAY'S CfJLL.
TH!^ PORTRAIT ,s in no sense a cheap chromo ' ' but an example °
' ■ the highest style of illuminated printing in the
famous French style of color-plate work. An ornament to any library or drawing-
room. BEARS THE AUTOGRAPH OF ADMIRAL DEWEY. Cannot be had else-
where in San Francisco than at the Business Office of THE CALL, where sample
copies may be seen.
;."»". *.»■*■ »■*••■'■ ♦■*■'♦■*■♦ ••■»•*'♦■ •"• ♦•> -> -r* -»**—*-*l*^-*- > -» ♦*-»•;♦♦»*♦♦ 4-»v ♦ •*• ♦ •!- ♦ •!• ♦ •!• ♦•!
FLATS TO LET.
A. M SPECK. & co. 667 MARKET ST.
217-. Elm aye.; 5r.. 515. 2677 Market: 5_ r $12
913 Buchanan; 5 r.. 1512827 Jackson; 5 r.... 12
2301 Geary: 5 r 15 1313 Green: i. r. ...... 10
204. Eddy; 4 '" 15 1067 Gol. '* ay.; 4 r...!0
17114 Mason; 5 r.. 14 Co Fulton; 3 r 9
1217 Pacific; 5 r.... 13 2085 Ellis: 3 r 9
1914 Union; 5 r 1211.14*. Scott; 4 r 8
CHOICE cornel flat; 1436 Ellis st. : 7 rooms
and bath; sun In every room: rent low. Ap-
ply MADISON .v BURKE. 626 Market St.
FINE corner flat. 7 rooms: all modern improve-
ments: yard: cellar; sun all day. 118 Web-
ster st, near Haight.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOAA ELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FULTON, 146— Good lower flat,*6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall: $16.
GEARY, 2277 Choice upper flat; 6 large sunny
rooms,' bath; reasonable.
LOWER flat. 4 rooms and bath, $12, 64 Fair
Oaks st, near Twenty-sec-ond. .
MODERN upper flat: 5 rooms, bath. 33 Hardy
st., off Sixteenth, above Church.
NEAR City Hall: 2 new upper sunny modern
flat 5 rooms and bath each; 28 Grove St. and
25 Birch aye. _ tf
NORFOLK. 26, off Folsom 4 nice rooms, $10.
14 Langton. off li' ward - sunny rooms. $3.
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe sts.;
lovely sunny 6-room flat; modern improve-
ments: rent $17; water free.
SUNNY uop"r flat; 7 rooms good condition.
1150* Mission st, near Seventh; $16.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near — Sunny s-
room flat: modern: rent $15: water free.
TWO new sunny flats. 5 and 6 rooms -and bath;
garden: laundry- 1014 13th Bt n _"_ S->cott.
4 ROOMS and bath; large cellar; large flower
garden: 1219 Laguna st., cor. Ellis. Inquire
1221 Laguna Bt.
513 50— 297 A SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Flat 5 sunny
rooms; bath. gas. yard.
Sl2>_ JESSIE st. and rear, near Ninth— 2 flats;
4 rooms each: rent $11 and $S.
FLATS TO LET — in In lied.
GROVE, SIS, bet. Webster and Fillmore Sun-
ny furnished or unfurnished flat, 6 rooms,
piano, garden, stable If desired; reference's
exchanged,
2 FINE furnished bay-window Bats, 5 and 3
rooms, Inquire 819 Diamond St.; rent $12-$2 O.
FURNISHED flat, 6 rooms, bath; piano; $40.
2418 clay st. '
FlßVlTinti FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HELP WANTED — Female.
FIRST-CLASS cook, country, $30 to $:;:, per
month. MISS D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
ironer $35; washer and starcher, $23 and $30,
country, fare paid. MIPS CI E1. 1.N. 325 Sut-
ter st.
WOMAN with a child. $15 per month. MISS
D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. _ __
NURSEGIRL, $25 per month; country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. __
NEAT girl to assist in kitchen.- country, $20 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 AV'AITRESSSES and chambermaids, same ho-
tel. San Mateo, $20 each;. La Honda, $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. Livermore. $25; Raymond.
$20. fare paid; Cordelia. $15; Oakland, $20 per
. month, 2 In family. MISS CULLEN, 325 > Sut-
ter st.
HOUSEWORK Colusa County, $20, fare paid.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
c. R. HANSEN & <i i . PHONE grant 185.
25 waitresses, resorts and commercial hotels,
$20; 2 waitresses, city. $20; 2 chambermaids to
wait, city, $20; 2 women cooks for hotels.
'$25 and $25; 2 fancy ironers, $37-50 each;- pol-
isher who can run Troy machine, $25 and
found. 1
FAMILY ORDERS.
45 cooks a.nd housegirls, city and country,
$15 to $25; girl for general housework (light
work) on an ark, 4 in family, no washing.
Bee party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 !
Geary st
WAITRESS for flrst-class commercial hotel,
$22 50, see party lure, fare one way. C. R.
Hansen & CO., 101 Geary st.
HOUSEGIRL who can cook, wash and iron for
small family at Capitola; free fare. C. R.
HANSEN ft CO., 104 Geary st
WANTED Cook and nurse, same family,. $25
each; cook. $25. and German second girl, same
house. $25 and $20: German or French cook,
country. 2 In family, $30;* 10 waitresses, city
and country, going wages; 6 waitresses for
summer resorts, $20: French nurse, $20; Ger-
man cook, city, $30: 3 Ironers. country laun-
dry' $25: 4 French and German second girls,
' $20"; nurse, $25; neat girl for housework, Oak-
land, $25, see lady this forenoon: 25 girls for
cooking and housework in nice city families,
$20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st ____ ■
GIRLS call at NEW EMPLOYMENT OFFICE
7*l Market St.; we want help of all kinds; 2
waitresses $5 per week and room: house girl,
$16 and $26; chambermaids, cooks and plenty
other good places. V. ••'-•
HELP WANTED — Female.
GIRL wanted to write in an office for F.
hours per day; must be quick, and if she
understands typewriting, etc.. would like it:
salary $10 per month. • Address -box 938, Call.
DENTAL office lady, hours 8 to 6:30; wages to
begin with, $10 per month; must be good ad-
dress, good penman; age 17 to 22; living at
home. Inquire room 4, 20 O'Farreil st, at
9 to 12 day.
GIRLS wanted for night work between ages of
16 and 20 years. Apply Pacific Sheet Metal
Works, Seventh and Townsend sts.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye.
GIRL for genera! housework; family of 3; no
washing. 13 Liberty st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do housework for 2.
Call at 328 Fell st.
. _— _ _
~~~
WANTED immediately— Experienced labelers.
Apply 425 Brannan st.bet. Third and Fourth.
APPLY Immediately. California Canneries
Co.. Ltd., Brannan st., between Third and
Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd.,
Brannan st. between Third and Fourth.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid; cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco. Cal.
OPERATORS on underskirts, children's wear, !
infants' hats, caps, also tuckers: steady
work; good wages. BAUER BROS. & CO., j
21 Sansome st. • I
WoMEN and girls to work on dried fruit Ap-
ply Union Warehouse, cor. Battery and
Union sts.
WANTED— elderly lady to take care of aj
girl 5 years old; good home; Scandinavian
preferred. 23 East st
BOOKKEEPER and typewriter for printing of-
fflce; ref. and exper. required. Box 1510, Call.
WANTED Experienced hand on ladies' silk
and woolen waists; factory work; power. S.
S. Mfg. Co., 409 A Turk st.
GIRL to assist in light housework and cook-
ing. 1044 Ellis st.
WANTED A German cook in restaurant; no
other need apply. 113 Turk st.
WANTED Girl to assist to wait at table. Call
« a. m., 12'" Ninth st.
YOUNG German girl for light housework;
small family; $12 to $15. 1530 Grove St.
EXPERIENCED finishers on coats; also ap-
prentice. Call after 9 a. m., 334 Geary st.
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32. Fremont st: apply to Mr. Davis.
HELP WANTED — Male.
COOK for ranch near City, $30 to $35; cook,
restaurant across the bay. $40. A. D. EWER
& CO., 610 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH for country shop, near city.
$45 an.l hoard; helper for ranch. $30 and
found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st. '
WANTED— Man to do chores about private
place in Sonoma County, $20 per month and
found; * ,v ' men to chop wood, make ties and ,
posts, tare advanced, also tools and provi-
sions: crosscut sawyers; sweepers; laborers
on RR. anil other woodsmen at going wages
and fare advanced. W. D. EWER & CO.,
. 810 Clay st.
WANTED Man to milk and make butter for
small private dairy, $30 and board
milkers $25 and $30
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st. I
10 LABORERS for brickyard, near city, $30 :
and board: miners, $2 per day: ftrrnaeemen. [
i $2 25, and laborers, $1 7.". per day; i laborers!
about mine, outside work, $2 per day. W. D. '
EWER A.- CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED — Laundryman for small Government
boat, on this bay, etc., $30 per month, found
and tree fare. AY. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
WANTED 5 Laborers about a mine In Napa
County, outside work, $2 per day and steady
job. W. D. EWER '& CO., 610 Clay St.
WANTED Butter maker. $35 and found,' 25
laborers, fro- fare; 50 laborers and teamsters,
$1 75 to $2 day; laborers for quarry, $1 »0 day,
steady "Job, board $15 month; 3 ironers; 3
quartz miners. $2 50 day and $40 and board
and increase; gravel miners, $4* and board;
3 carpenters, $3 day; blacksmith. $45 and
board; lumber pilers; farmers, $25 to $30;
milker, $30; machine man for planing mill, $3
day; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento St.
WANTED— for country lunch house, $10
to $50; man and wife for sanitarium; waiters
for city and country; dishwashers, country
$20 and $15; and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 316 Stockton st— Coach-
man, $30: gardeners. $30; 3 choremen, private
places, $15 to $20; fry cook, $30; second cook,
steamer, $35, etc. ' ■■ -•_ --.-.-..;
HELP WANTED — Male.
■'•...: . T-r-iTTBiG money • ■ — -'
GOLD mines SILVER MINES
QUARTZ MINES QUA _sjyS_
COAL MINES COPPER MINES
39 miners $3 and $2 50 day
176 laborers (no experience required), any one
will suit— you will, wages $60. $57, $50, $40, $40,
$30 and found, $2 50 and $2 day
22 laborers (no experience) for a quarry,
steady jobs all the above are, year round,
$42 and found, fares from $1 30
MURRAY' & READY,
634 and 636 Clay St.
27 SAWMILLS AND WOODS
We pay your fare We pay your fare
You will, suit No experience required
1-4 laborers $26 to $40 and found
Setters, sawmill, spool tenders, head donkey
men, blacksmiths, crosscut sawyers, shingle
bolt makers, screw turners, bark peelers.
mill bench hands, jackscrewers. log fixers,
etc., and 64 other classes of help. $75. $70, $6".
$50. $40. $35, $30 and found; come and see us;
manager of one big mill at our office, see
him ■-
WE PAY MURRAY* & READY,
YOUR FARE 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE TO . . GREAT RAILROADS FREE
Free to every railroad in California for drill-
ers, laborers, teamsters, header and hammer-
men WAGES $3 DAY
MURRAY & READY*. 634-636 Clay st.
; BIG WAGES
$60.. 29 laborers, fare 30c $60
$45 and found 32 laborers, north \
-...$45 and found
$52 14 four-horse teamsters, fare $1 $52
$35 and found 6 teamsters, fare $1 40 ■
$35 and found
$3 day 19 drillers Free fare $3 day
$2 50 to $1 50 day and found.. Harvest Help..
$2 50 to $1 50 day
$35. $30, $26 and found Paid •
$35. $30, $26 and found
For 97 farm, orchard, vineyard and dairy
help .'.'.'.'.'.".'.'.' .'.'.'.'.' .MURRAY *& READY.
COME MPRRAY & READ*).
AND SEE 634-636 Clay st.
. .CARPENTERS AND BLACKSMITHS . . .
9 carpenters, city and country Jobs ■■••
$3 and $2 50 day
3 bridge carpenters for sawmill.. s4s and found
9 blacksmiths for shops, ranches, camps, saw-
mills etc $2 50. $2 day. $45. $30 and found
BUTCHERS— .STABLEMEN. ■■■■■■■■
5 butchers, good country -Jobs.. s3s. $30 and fd
4 stable men and buggy washers.s3o and found
..CHOREMEN AND BOYS, HAY BALERS..
2* choremen and boys for ranches, $30. $-5.
$25, $20, $15 and $10 and found; gardener ana
$3 50' PAY HAY BALERS. $3 50 DAY
We want help for Oregon. Washington. Ari-
zona, Hawaiian Islands, British Columbia....
264 men, wages $65, $4, $3 day
Also cabinetmakers, fruit pickers ;,'-'"";
Woodchoppers, tie * makers, street railroad
help, help for manufacturing companies in
California.'. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
'. FOR A BANKING SYNDICATE........
27 men to help finish hay work, ln packing,
drying houses, later on pick peaches, prunes,
grape? and make yourself otherwise useful,
no experience, wages $26 and found; no Sun-
day work •• lli'ii 1"
Fare $I. .MURRAY* & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS ......WAITERS DISHWASHERS
12 cooks, good Jobs. $50. $43, $40, $30 and $2o
and found: 9 waiters, good Jobs, $30, $2. and
$20 and found ••- - - ••• •
14 dishwashers ..$l5. $30. $25 and $20 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BAKERS .'. T777 LAUNDRYMEN
BUTTER MAKERS
4 seconds. .2 first, third hands, call early; 3
laundrvmen, 3 helpers. $35, $25 and $15 and
found' 4 butter makers and run separators.
$30 and found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636
Clay -st, t ,
NOTICE
TO DISCHARGED SOLDIERS.
WE WILL GIVE
SITUATION FREE ___,
TRANSPORTATION FREE
To any able-bodied soldier wanting work on
the Coast or Valley Railroad as laborer or
teamster, at wages of $1 75 to $2 a. day.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO..
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
104 GEARY ST.
NO OFFICE FEE.
FIFTY MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
$1 75 AND $2 50 PER DAT.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO-
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS,
104 GEARY ST.
NO OFFICE FEE.
FREE FARE..
60 laborers and teamsters for the Valley Rail-
road $1 75 a day and $25 and board per month.
' C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
FOR A GOLD MINE.
5 MINERS. $3 a day: 15 able-bodied men for
laboring work in and around a mine, $2 50 a
day, no experience required
see oofs here 10 a. m
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
.. COMPANY* WORK
"FREE FARE FREE FARE
30 pick and shovel laborers, $1 75 a day,
board $4 50 a week.
C. R. HANSEN * CO
104 Geary st
STONEMASON, railroad work; free fare, call
early, c. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 MILL bench hands, $2 35 a day: cabinet-
maker; blacksmith. $40 and found: black-
smith's helper for a ranch. $35 and found;
teamster, city, $40 and found: 4 farmers,
fare $1. $35 and found; laborers for quarry,
$1 90 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
LOCOMOTIVE engineer for a dump train. $45
and found. «'. P. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
MEAT and pastry cook, country hotel, $60;
French second cook, $60; second cook, $45;
lunch counter man, $1 a day; 3 waiters,
country hotels, $23; waiter, country restau-
rant $30 and room; waiter, springs, ■ $22 50;
Japanese bedmaker, $20; bellboy, hotel Santa
Cruz $10: Ironer $35: assistant washer, $25
and ft und. C. R. HANSEN ft CO., 104
Geary st
WE have places this morning for man and
wife for country, man to wait and wife for
chamberwork; short order cook, -night; ranch
man; waiter, city; all kinds of railroad work;
2 or 3 good solicitors, no office fee; good
chance for wife to cook for hoard and room
fr self and husband: all kinds of railroad
work: miners, laborers, teamsters, etc. NEW
EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 751 Market st.
GERMAN barkeeper, $30 and found: dishwash-
er, $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery
st., room 12.
500 MEN- ''all to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new. from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.: open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— Man to milk and work about milk
ranch. JAMES KENNY', Silver aye., nr.
San Bruno road. .
COMPETENT shoefltters wanted; steady em-
ployment, Seattle, Washington. Call Tues-
day morning, 106 Battery street.
WANTED man to assist In light work;
must be satisfied with $16 per week and have
$75 cash 1032 Market St.. room 4.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday on
wages. Call bet. 7 and 10 a. m. at 446 Third.
BARBER for Saturday; wages $3. 52 Seventh '
street.
BARBER shop for sale; 3 living rooms; good
laundry office; rent $15. 2144 Mission st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. Call at
9 o'clock. 2197 Powell St. .
GOOD barber for Saturday. 112 A First st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
532 Third st. ,
BARBER for Saturday. 1131*. Howard st.
BARBER wanted. 89 Third st; $3.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 623
Clay st
BARBER wanted. Apply at 4511 Mission st.
YOUNG German for saloon from 6:30 a. m. to
2 p. m. ; $5 per week. 414 Sansome st. .
j COOK wanted. People's Restaurant, 631 Clay
' street. .- * ; -
GOOD waiter at 1390 Turk st.
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
care of you; half-soled while waiting. 35c to
60c". 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 2509 California st.
WANTED— First-class coat maker for Mar-
. tinez. M. J. O'M ALLEY. Martinez. Cal.
YOUNG man for nice corner grocery; must
have some experience. Box 1506. Call offlce.
ANYONE can learn to operate typesetting ma-
chine; $4 to $5 per day on daily papers. BY-
RON RING, 514 Sacramento st.
WANTED— A first-class marker and distribu-
tor; state wages and experience. Vallejo
Steam Laundry. Vallejo, Cal.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board. $4 50 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE" camp, near San Pablo Station,
on Valley Road.
TEAMS wanted to work on the canal being
built at Sunol by the Spring Valley Water
Works. Apply at the stables. Fourteenth and
Guerrero sts., San Francisco, or on work at
Sunol.
MEN to learn barber trade; $13 weekly made
• after 8 weeks' practice; only institution teach-
ing the tonsorial art; call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
1 COLLEGE. 635 Clay st, nr. Kearny. J
HELP WANTED — >
MEN wanted— Laborers, drlllmen and team-
. titers on railroad work: fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN. 302 Mont-
gomery st.
TRY* our 15c meals; beet ln city. . 406 McAllis-
ter st. ' ■
WANTED One hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2. TRUCKEE * LAKE TAP' ;
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
WANTED — Laborers and : mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Eur;.
' Hawaiian Islands. Manila. Alaska New York
W. LANE, Shipping Agent, .->O4. 506 Davis st.
THREE Al hustlers to canvass;' salary and
commission. 300 Post st.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1543 Mar-
* ket st. ; free shaving in students' department.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel Jessie 11*4.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night, Lir.de:'. 6th and Howard: read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. K.
BARBER COLLEGE, 138*. Eighth St.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHE PARD & CO.. attor-
_ n _y_, Hearst bldg- Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per ; night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. 863*. Market st. y 4fj
TRY* Acme House, 957 Market st. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED—-To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room: free
"bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
AN exceptional span of Iceland ponies; gentle
for lady or child. CHASE & MENDENHALL,
successors Klllip & Co.; salesyard. 1732 Mar-
ket st .
A PRIVATE team, young, sound, gentle; 3
buggies; harness. 136 Ellis st.
FOR sale s4o; thoroughbred saddle mare; suit-
able for lady; 6 years old. 19 City Hall aye.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— Carload large horses and car-
load med'um size, broke and unbroke. at
J. D. HORAN'S. Tenth and Bryant sts.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL. veterinary dentist. 60S Golden Gate.
HOUSES— 'LODGING — For Sale.
1 WANT an offer for 10-room house, near Eddy
and Jones; price $400. DECKER. 1020 Market.
12-ROOM house: large yard: downtown $ 400
IS rooms; clears $100; 0n1y..-.. 3on
12 rooms; exchange for large house WW
64-room house; clears $300 J-.'.Vi 600
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp Fifth.
1400— ID-ROOM house on Taylor st ; ; $200 ' cash.
balance easy paym'ts. DECKER. 1020 Market.
22 ROOMS (corner); 15 bay-window rooms: all
rented: bargain: easy payments. DECKER.
1020 Market st.
54-ROOM house (corner) for sale at a bargain;
see it. DECKER, 1020 Market st
GREAT sacrifice, $325: lodging house on Third
st; 18 rooms, rent $40. Apply to E. ROBI-
NET, 411' 2 California St., upstairs.
BARGAIN— Corner house: good transient; 34
rms : newly furn.; electric lights; sell or ex-
change for smaller; no agents. Box 698. Call.
$750— HOPSE. 17 rms.. nicely fshd.. nr. Mkt.. all
filled; estate. T. J. KELLEY, 437 Parrott bdg.
FOR sale— The business and furniture of a fine
family hotel. 60 rooms, situated in the center
of San Francisco. Address P. O. box 51,
Tracy, Cal.
A GOOD lodging house of 13 large rooms; well
lighted: for rent cheap. 154 Tehama st.
I - ■
HOUSES TO LET.
TO let — 2 good houses, S .ms each and bath;
located 4164. 4168 Seventeenth st., within a
block of Castro st
BUILDING suitable for dye works, laundry,
manufacturing, etc.; well water; cheap rent.
31S-320 Eleventh st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
SPLENDID house; fine condition; 7 rooms; low
rent. 3386 Twenty-first st.; key next door.
HOUSES TO LET Famished.
NICELY furnished cottage of 4 rooms, bath: ,
cottage rent $16; furniture and carpets for
pale. 1463 O'Farreil st. Apply 10-5. '
HOUSE to let; also the elegant furniture for
sale (just Imported from Europe) of 9 rooms:
must be seen to be appreciated; must be sold;
2526 Washington St.. near Devisadero; can be
seen only from 10 to 2. Apply G. H. UMBSEN
& CO., 14 Montgomery St.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— If the party who took the Columbia bi-
cycle at Sutro Baths on Thursday noon will
return the same to 601 Haight St they will
receive suitable reward; no questions asked.
LOST— Fox terrier bitch Return 1312 A Fil-
bert: receive reward. Black head, spot on
back.
LOST— On Howard St., near Fifth, 1 .".-stone
diamond pin attached to purple chiffon collar.
Return to 1200 Market st. and receive reward.
LOST— Last Tuesday evening, large dog. S
months old; yellow brown color with black
stripes; name on the collar Ricks. Return to
613 Kearny st. and receive liberal reward.
LOST— 16, brown setter, white forefeet.
Liberal reward at 650 Laguna st.
FOUND— Large dog. Owner can have same by
proving property and paying expenses. Apply
at Clark's grocery store. 22d and Mission sts.
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.
BOILERS, engine*. 2d-hand machinery. Mc- .
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 193-197 Fremont st. -2
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters," linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
flce furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1083 Mission st.
VERY" fine 13-bore Lefevre hammerless shell-
ejector shotgun for $45, cost originally $1C0;
also a fine 12-bore Remington Damascus ham-
merless. shell-ejector shotgun for $40, worth
$85. UNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant aye.
2D-lIAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos; bought, sold. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission.
FOR SALE— Fancy store fixtures, glass cases,
counters, etc. 1161 Valencia st. near 23d.
WEBER piano, good condition, $125. 230 Post
street.
FOR SALE— AI fresh cow. 20 Bonita St., off
Polk, between Vallejo and Green.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— full Una
„ selling at less than cost 513 Hearst building.
FOR SALE — Fine bred fox terrier pups' cheap.
215*. Tehama st. upstairs.
WANTED A marble or slate bed 4xS for pool
table. BOX 1505. Call. __^
BUTCHER shop for sale; good location; good
trade. Apply Call office.
FOR sale— St. Bernard dog. 14 months old;
cheap. Inquire at 797 Mission st.
2 NATIONAL Cash Registers; 1 nickel plated
and other wooden; cheap. 417 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, planer, band saw.
wood planer: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beal».
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125. 3 _,-"
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 "...ssion. %■
DRESS pants. $2 95: fine suits. $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
ins; Parlors, 512 Montgomery .cor. Commercial.
A— s3 50 DERBY" and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. $30 Kearny St.. near Pine
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes; half ori-inal st. 109-111 Market. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED to buy— 2-story . building J*, with | out-
ground 75x20. Inquire at 430 Sixth st.
WANTED— A pork sausage or delicatessen
stove. Address Call branch office. 1941 Mission
WANTED— To hire 100 flrst-class scraper
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B
STONE. Elmhurst.
» "^ — ■_— — —~— in
medical.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before 'going elsewhere; they will And
in her a true friend: a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment. $5: no instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy
st. bet. Hyde and Larkin; offlce hours, 10 to
12, 2 to 4 and 7 to S. Sundays by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same daj ;no instruments used; cure at office. .
$5; home in confinement: skillful medical at- -*"
tentlon; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post st., bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to i
i y d. no.: Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. OftMEDICAL.
AlX~l_dl7s-C%til^"D_"Vn_"Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women J
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure reliei,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc ; babies adopted: travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free ;conn-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market st. ;
pills. $1; very strong, $2. _-
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential;
home for patients: comfort and privacy.
MRS DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to " ana '
to S p. m.; Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT- A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, frcm whatever
cause: every woman her own physician: no
matter how long standing travelers helped
a . once: safe; call en a physician with men s
knowledge: cure, $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent; consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 3. years.
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
A— DR. (-; w. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
S specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
rom whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
d successfully more cases of Irregularl-
lan any other physician; never fails to
cure, cpnsult him first, save time and money:
lent can be used at home; consultation
call or write. 1023 V. Market -*
.NG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea and
sanitarium. 761-766 Clay st.. San Fran-
all diseases cured exclusively by Chl-
herbs. over 3000 varieties being used:
. free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a, m.. 1 to 3
er..'. 7 to 9 P. m.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
? troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express-. '. CO. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OP BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
AEE : male complaints cured in 24 hours well
i, reliable, sale, sure; maternity home;
no Instruments; consultation free, confidential;
tment $5. MRS. ALLEN. 22S Van Ness
A nice private home in confinement at the most
iahle price in the city; infants adopted.
MRS. M PFEIFFEB midwife. 2012 Folsom.
AND MRS. SILVA. 215*. Mason st.—
Private home .in confinement: ladies' friend
üble: terms reas.; call and bP convinced.
AE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
nt emmenagogue; $1 per box. Kb H-
. S Si CO.. druggists, 406 Clay, sole agts.
*D MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
private home In confinement; babies
ed into good homes.
d Mrs; -Wise. 1118 Market st. lnstant re-
r montniy troubles or money bac„; $.. up.
iCHARD. midwife: pleasant sunny home
iflnement A*,156 j Second 1 st.: I tel.-j _____
ONO] HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
"•' the human body. H* Mason -'
MO>KV~TO LOAN.
ifbnlfur*nlt_re7or pianos in S. F. Oak-
or Alameda at lowest rates, without
al; no commission: no delays. J.
*AN. 1017 to H'23 Mission St., above
telephone South U.
-nount at 6". per cent on real state, 3d
I mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
mort gages and legacies bought; no de-
R. McCOLGAN", 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
V respectable and private place to ob-
ibera! advances on diamonds and jew-
it the lowest ratea. Baldwin Jewelry
>46 Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH loans to salaried people on note with-
out endorser. M< IRRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye
loaned on diamonds, Jewelry and clothing.
REAL estate, 6 per cent: 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Krelger. 312 Examiner building.
$."0 TO $50,000: lowest rates; -Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 502 Parrott bldg.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. '•*■' Market.
MONEY AVANTED.
WA.NTEI**— S2SOO on gilt edge security. Box
4>*43 Gall offlce.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright -linos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices ire the
_smo a- il purchased lor all cash; •.gains
in good second-hand upright upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for 53. $4 ati.l
$5 'per month. SHERMAN, CLAY _ CO..
Steinway d-aiers. corner Kearny and Sutt»r
sts.. Sa"n Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. '
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26 2S and 3" O'Farreli St.; pianos, organs and
all "other musical instruments of all grades
an.l prices: terms easy; prices , 'J*y* B*{^8 *{^* v f(j!£
_ cu_cm F c_"' t ' le djng t0 P ' gaSe 3 " sfy the
• ■
HAINES BROS Baldwin and other standard
makes; second-hand; $100 up; wholesale prices
to ali. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post St.
WANTED— Six square pianos. Call or address
BYRON MA UZY. 308 Post St.
WEBER' piano, good condition, $125. 230 Post
IP. specialty-Best renting stock in San Fran-
st renting I ■ Fran-
iVeo. Jcott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
IRY fine wTbTTTor sale cheap: qprights less
nan $l f> o. Wilson's Storage Rooms. LlO Mkt.
a *BARG ".IN — Steinway upright cheap.
CHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
$127— Steinway upright left by party going
last. 136 Ellis st.
1*55. UPRIGHT piano ln fine condition; also
he famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister St.
[LAP Steinway upright: also the famous ;
lortiuns Bros.* pi? nes. 216 McAllister st.
-UPRIGHTS. $69tup; installments. $5 75 up;
ents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
HMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
'OSt St. . ;
G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st., agent for |
"Vancls Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
"ABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
,ER _ CHASE. 30 O'Farreil St.
PERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
'. UI.LER. ma ker. repairer. ■: Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES — To Let.
SHION & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
$60— 105 Taylor st.
JSC-455 Valencia st., corner Sixteenth. .
$35— 55? Mission St.. near Fifth.
$20— 32S Montgomery avenue.
$22 50-536 Howard St.. near Fifth.
117—256 First st.
$20—354 Fourth st.
$25—3119 Harrißon St.. corner Langton.
q let— Corner store, completely furnished for i
grocery and barroom; rent $30. Scott and I
Sutter ' ____________________________________
PALMISTRY.
MME? NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St., above Jfcnes; classes;
office hours, 1 to 8 p. m,; reading by mall. $1.
PALMIEA— Removed to 301 Polk St., cor. Ful-.
ton: readings dally: lectures Monday * p. m.
~ PARTNERS WANTED.
FLORIST with flrst-class old-established busi-
ness would like to sell half interest: male or
female. Address box 12, Call office.
PARTNER wanted ln florist store; lady or gen-
tleman: good chance for right party. Box
4- ■: Call. -
PERSONALS.
THE house of 141 Taylor st. has change,]
hands and MISS NETTIE TAYLOR will not
be responsible for GEORGE WOOLEY or his
wife's debts.
WANTED for man and wife, not to
exceed Dr. per month. Box 836, Call.
J. i" SMITH Co home at once; wife very
sick. SID.
I WILL not be responsible for debts contracted
by my wife. ANNIE EN' IKE.
B HERRMANN ENGEL,
T. BRILLL-.NT. ."33-340 Post -' . will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress .'..is. tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
LEDERER'S yuintonica is Incomparable as a
hair tonic; stimulates the growth; keeps the
hair clean; **.'.<• bottle. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER always uses Scheffler's Colorine for
the hair; restores color, bleached or gray, $150
to $5* cost 75c box: halrdressing. 25c; switches,
11. G. LEDERER, 323 Stockton st.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants. $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., Law a Specialty.
. San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms:
25c to $150 per night; »1 50 to $.5 per week;
_ re Ins and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or- j
der. K. IOSHI TANI, 313 Sutter at, '
PERSONALS.
$1 PER week for lady's suit, jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co.. 1306 Stockton st., near Broadway.
LIFE insurance policies bought for cash. W.
R. NICHOLSON,* Attorney and Financial
Agent. International Hotel.
LADIES— The Equipoise waist lias no equal;
Ypsilantl underwear. OBER'S. 34 Geary st.
LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine. ab. Krny.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture bought.
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 102- Fo/som st.
LADIES* tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., ISI4 Market st.; open evenings.
SUITS to order on eftsy Installments. L.
LEMOS, HI 7 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— gold for manufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farreil. bet. *' *__] & Mason.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.!
DR. C. C (»'DONNELL, offlce and residence.
1021*. Market st . bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PSYCIIOMETRY.
HENTuFh_i7ril-ON BROWN, psychometrlst ;
reads character; gives advice from. spirit sh.e
of life: he.- by laving on hands. l:!"A Eddy. I
REAL ESTATE — — For Mile.
LOTS ready 1 uuildlng on graded street, work j
done sewers in, no more assessments, close to
S lines of cars, the choicest in Richmond: 2
lots 25x120 Twelfth aye.. near Clement (both
together) $650 each; 3 lots. Tenth aye.. 2.> x
320 near Point Lobos aye.. $700 each, ln In- j
stallments. W. J. J3UNN. 410 Montgomery.
2 LOTS to buy as an investment in Rich- ;
3 mond' not graded; J6th nve.. 25x120, $350; 29th
■ aye 25x120. $125. W. J. GUNN, 410 Mont-
gomery st. i j
3 .FLATS; bring in $00 month; nearly n?w; |
jsooO- this side of Van Ness aye.: a fine in- j
vestment for little money; never vacant. W.
J. [GUNN. 41 Montgomery st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First- aye., and you wish to sell
them. ca,ll on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery.
A— s7sso: CHOICEST corner of all; marine and
park view, front and rear, cannot be ob-
structed; 10 large sunny rooms; most ex-
penslvely decorated: inlaid floors; mohogany,
cherry .and oak mantels; plate glass windows;
very " ccstly 6-llght gas fixtures; French
range heaters, conservatory, etc. Apt to
ALBERT WILFORD, cor. Fulton and Shra- i
der sts.. from 12 to 4 p. m. ; McAllister or
Hayes-st. care. •
ash; 'iN &IGARDI__CR, 411 Montgomery st.
Valencta-st. lots: any size; $135 per front
foot; fronting on 2 streets.
Twenty-third st., corner San Jose aye.. with
Improvements, $5500.
Second and Silver sts.; corner, with improve-
ments. $6700.
FOR SALE Seven-room modern cottage, lot ■
60x100, stable and carriage house. 2'._i Point
L iboa aye.
WANTED To buy two-story building with j
outground 75x20. Inquire 430 Sixth st.
HEAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
NEW" rich land, near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 a\es sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1597-9S address THE
COTATI CO . 302 California St.. S. F.
FRUIT, grain and stock farm?.
W. D. Hi '!.''< _ CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
T'nited States, postpaid, for <* per year.
REBTAUITAKTB.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1"35 Mar's.' St.: popular price..
ROOMS FOR HOUSE KEEPING.
CLEMENTINA, 707— One lan housekeeping
room; rent $7.
EDDY, 207—1 large pleasant completely furn.-
room for hkpg.; gas, bath; house quiet.
EDDY, 917 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rms.; low rent; private residence; no children.
I FILLMORE 2205. near Clay— sls; 5 clean sunny
[ rooms; bath; nice yard and water.
GEARY, Parlor, bedroom, 'dining roonf,
kitchen, bath, toilet, gas, yard, basement,
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 404—3 neatly fur., 2 front,
with closets: hot. cold water; gas range; bath.
HOWARD, 525— Furnished housekeeping rooms, ;
with sunny yard, and others; cheap^ j
I HOWARD. 650— Front room and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping. (
HOWARD, .S22— Large parlor furnished or un- j
furnished housekeeping room, $5.
HOWARD, 1068— Nicely furnished suites and
single complete for housekeeping, $S mo. up.
U . DE, 320, ~bet. Eddy and" Ellis— 3 sunny fur-
nished rooms; housekeeping.
IVY aye.. 223— Pleasant "-window front room;
double bed; stove; quiet; $5.
LARKIN 326 2 or .1 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; furnished complete: gas range; bath.
MASON. 310— Three or four sunny rooms, one
r; floor, complete for housekeeplng :
MARKET, lf.S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; 'folding bed: closet; $12. ______
MISSION, 967— Unfurnished and furnished, for
housekeeping; gas, bath: everything new.
MISSION, 1320 Parlor floor. 3 rooms, newly
* furnished; sunny; reasonable; single room,^ss.
NATOMA, 60—2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
sunny yard; $5 75; no children; no dogs.
NATOMA. 701. cor. Eighth Sunny housekeep-
ing rooms, also single, with use of ' hen,
OCTAVIA 1403. corner Geary Sunny bay win-
dow, $7 50; with kitchen, gas stove. $11 50.
O'FARRELL. 551—3 unfurnished rooms to let:
separate entrance; also furnished front room.
POLK, 605— -Light housekeeping, one large,
clean, sunny room, bath." gas. $M.
POWELL, 903, near Sacramento— 1 sunny rooms
complete for housekeeping: bath.
SUTTER lUI, nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also h«kpg. : terms reasonable,
TURK 132— Sunny back parlor and kit'hen
complete for housekeeping: reasonable r _*_.
TURK 201— 2 front furnished rooms for house-
keeping: gas, bath, running water, gas range;
rent $17: corner house. ■_
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, Dear Dolores— sunny
bay-window rooms, furnished for housekpg.
WILLOW aye.. 10, off Larkin st., near Eddy-
Two furnished housekeeping rooms. $12; no
children.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nn«l Unfurn.
U3BOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charires moderate: cars direct.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth-Rooms
25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
at POLK 611, bet. Eddy and Turk— Furnished
sunny rms., single. $$ to $10; also sunny suite,
$25, with light housekeeping If desired; adults,
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; flrst-cltss
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; • modern service; elevator;
bath rooms. 50c to $1 50 day MRS. J. KING.
AT 52 Second, opp. Wells-Fargo's— Nice single,
double, light housekeeping rooms, _ up.
AT New Grand, 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms..
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOURTH, 128*., nr. Mission— New management;
newly frnshd and renovated: choice front rms.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER..
GEARY, 657— Fine, sunny, newly furnished
rooms; all conveniences; suitable for two;
private; references.
GOLDEN STATE, 10S Eddy— Rooms for stu-
dents; sunny rooms by d-«y, week or month.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors: reading room: elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON 7M*_, ear Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week up. .
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.; elev.; free baths.
HOWARD, 1052— Nice sunny front room for *-
a month; also housekeeping room cheap.
Don't forget the number.
HYDE. 129_-Nl__ly furnished sunny rooms, sin-
gle and double; all conveniences; bath; reas.
IVANHOE. 1002 Polk. cor.Geary— New manage-
ment; fur. hkpg suites (8 to 5 r), $15 up; ref.
LEAVENWORTH, 614— Sunny, newly furnished
. rooms, suitable for two gents or single; gas,
bath: private family.
MARKET, 783".— Neat newly furnished rooms;
central location; $1 to $2 DO per week.
MINNA, 403^.-2 single furnished rooms, $4 and
$5.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights', day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL, Nicely furnished rooms; 2
«unny front rooms, second floor; reasonable, j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, JULY 22, 1899.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Infnrn.
PINE, 510, second door above Kearny— Fur-
nished sunny front room in private German
family, rent $6 per month,
POST _2"_ near Powell Private family; i
large rooms; prettily furn. : hot, cold water.
POWELL,' 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished single rooms; sunny. '
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis Incandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; rooms- per night, 35c to $160;
week. $2 to $3; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat ; bath,.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 19— Changed hands: sunny furnished
rooms; $5 and $6; also front room; suitable for
office; $2 week.
SIXTH, 33. nr. Market, Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator; transient.
THE Piedmont. IDA Sixth St., cor. Minna-
Sunny bay-window rooms.
THE Oaks, 119 Third-.- good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom. cor. 6th— Sunny corner
rms., suites and single; gas;bath; new mangt.
TURK. Nicely furnished rooms, single and
double; reasonable.
TURK, 542, near Polk— Large sunny front
room, gas. bath, grate, folding bed if de-
sired; private family.
TURK, 545— Pleasant sunny room, folding bed
and running water, grate.
YALE. 112 Taylor— Sunny furnished and un-
furnished suites. $5 up: single. $150 up.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Unfted States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. '
i
ROOMS WANTED;
WANTED^-Unfurnlshed Office, $3 or Sl' a
month, In central: man. Box 940, Call office.
SEWING MACHINES' AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. .205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following orphans and half-
orphans have been received into the orphan-
age from January 1 to July 1. 1899: Gertie
Sanchez, 7 years; Lizzie Lang, 12 years 2
months: Winifred Casutt, 8 years 1 month:
Ruth Isaacs, 2 years; Lilly Isaacs, 3 years; ■
Louisa Greenwood, 4 years * months; Irene
Greenwood, 2 years 10 months; Matilda Lin-
tia, 8 years; Emma Semoncina, 5 years: Julia
Semoncina, 2 years 10 months; May Welsh,
9 years 2 months; Nora Broderick, 8 years;
Marian Gillian. 11 years 3 months; Veronica
Dlneen, .2 years 5 months; Mary Cavan, 2;
weeks (foundling); Arthur Davies, 4 years 3:
months; Harry Gage, 3 years 4 months; Jo-
seph Charley, 2 years 2 months: Nick An- I
drews, 3 years 10 months; Luke Andrews, 6
years 1 month; John James, 3 years 1 month: j
Frank James, 6 years; Tommy Pine, 3 years; ;
George "Lintia. 6 years: Fred Eaton, 4 years
6 months; Tommy Thomberg, 5 years 3j.
months; Alexandra Nelson, 5 years; Frank |
Johnson. 4 years 1 month;
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 339 3d st. ,
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
City or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION ,
CO.. 41* Wnt-nmery Ft.. rooms 9-10: tel 5520. ;
SPIRITUALISM.
A^Friondship Hall, 335 McAllister St.. to-day,
2 and 8 p. m., tests by good mediums, 10c.
MRS ELLIS, tests to all: tes. Fri., 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. 8; 25c: sittings $_, 233 Valencia st.
STORAGE.*
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722. Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713. ]
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of.
furn _ H. H. goods. 7.15 Mkt.. Tel Black 311. ;
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS, I
.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$550— LOT 50x130; west side street; < 'harles St.
$1250— Cottage, 6 rooms, bath, etc. ; fine loca-
tion; large lot.
$.X,>)o— House, 10 rooms: lot 45x140; choice loca- ,
tion; Central 'ave., near Grand St.; great bar-
gain
$(js,¥i — House, *9 rooms, modern; water front j
lot. 49x150; Clinton aye., near chestnut st.
Morton st.— Corner lot, 100x150; beautiful resi- |
dence; $5000, reduced to $7000.
E. D. JUDD CO.. 1421 Pa st.
SNAP— New House. S rooms and bath;* lot 50x
150: good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1632 Chapln.
$700— FINE lot on bay shore.
$2200 — Modern cottage, .'. rooms and bath; lot
52x150; near High School and depot; terms, $100
cash, $20 per month. . • •
$3200— New cottage. 6 rooms and bath; lot 42x
207: open plumbing, plate glass, etc.; half block
from station and High School; easy terms.
Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1132 Park St.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME fcr Indies In delicate health: largo
grounds: private MRS. DR. Et'NKE 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. '
ONLY $" down and 2." cents a day pays for a
good lot on paved ..... ejectric cars
and local station: good schools, churches, etc,
tbut no saloons), handy by; --.ill lend money
to build a house; now will you be good to
yourself and family and get a home of your
own instead of paying rent all your life: we
offer choice residence property in all parts
of Berkeley on terms to suit; call in and see
what we have. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Cen-
ter st., Berkeley.
BARGAIN; new house, 5 rooms, bath,- pantry*;
hot and cold water; folding doors: stationary
tubs; brick foundation; large lot, 80x120: .-lose
to station, electric cars, stores, schools,
churches: price $1600; only $100 cash, balance
$15 monthly; get off at Lorin station and ask
for RUDOLPH A- PERKINS; office open Sun-
days and evenings.
CHEAPEST and best in America The Weekly
Call, 16 pages. sent to any address In the
United States postpaid, for *.1 per '-ear
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale or rant; large water front factory
building: "_ acre land. 1".") Park aye.. Fast
Oakland.
SNAP— SI2SO cash, balance terms to suit; a new
7-room house, bath; 1 block to local; 40-foot
lot; Will pay 7 per cent interest on $4000; price
$3500. WM. P. TODD & CO., 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR — Furniture of 13-room lodging house;
$150. 700 Franklin St.. Oakland.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
FRUITVAJE HOUSES.
BEAUTIFUL 4-room cottage; hard-finished;
barn: large chicken bouse; 10 minutes* ride
from station. 60 minutes from San Francisco;
$7 per month. 807 Filbert St., S. F.
DIV_D_CK*C NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— No. 95 (50c per
share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company
on and after Tuesday, August 1, 1899. Trans-
fer books will close on Wednesday, July 26,
_S'-9. at 3 o'clock d. m.
E. 1 1. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
James Lock and Mary C. Btrubel .45-30
August Engberg and Maria Westerlund... 32-23
lose Roberts nnd Mary Lawrence 37-33
Hugh H. Hull and Louie Reams 25-22
Ed ward McCarthy and Grace A. Spillane...2S-20
" BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BOWLES— In Benicia, July 16, 1899, to the wife
of A. J. Bowles, a son. .-'..':..
FLOERSHEIM— In Alameda. July 21, IS"9, to
the wife of J. Floershelm, a son.
MEYER— In this city, July 20, 1599, to the wife
of P. Meyer, a daughter.
MARRIED.
STEELE- NASH- this city. July 1". 1599, by
the Rev. J. M. Buehler, James B. Steele and
Lottie Nash. * -7
ROBINSON— BROOKS— In this city. July 19,
1599, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Edward Rob-
inson and Annie Brooks. <
DIED.
Brass!!. Timothy P. Lampe, Charles J.
• Cook, Joseph IJ. McGuane, John H.
Craib William. MoClary' Robert
Dlttmer, Frederick Meyer, Mrs. Sophia
Dolan. John T. Oser. Ida
Dollnrd, Annie E. Rassette, Adelaide P.
Handlev, Bertram J. Rlordan, John J. *. ...
Hey, Louis H. Rose, James R.
Hesketh, Catherine Scanlon, -Richard J.
Jennings. Thomas Schramm. Mathieu
Johnson, Lars P. Stokes. Eva
Kelly, Harriet M. Whelan. Jeremiah W.
BRASSIL— In this city, July 20, 1599. Timothy
P. Brassil, dearly beloved brother of Mrs.
Frank Stafford, a native of Ballylongford,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 33 years.
"_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 336 Vallejo street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will i" 1 celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery.
COOK— In this city, July 20, 1599. Joseph 8.,
beloved husband of Lizzie Cook, and father of
Walter Cook, a native of San Francisco, aged .
39 years. ' .' ■ . ,' - - '' *
__**The funeral will take place to-morrow
Sunday) at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence "13.3 Webster street, thence to Holy
Cross Church. Eddy and Scott streets, for
services at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
CRAIB— In San Diego. July 20. 1599. William,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Craib, and
father of Anna Jean. Emma Lovell and Grace
Evans Craib, awed 66 years.
(TTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Francis de
Sales Church, Oakland.
DITTMER— In this city, July 21. 1899, Fred-
erick beloved husband of the late Fredericke
I dttn'ier, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged j
C 3 years' 6 months and 21 days.-
"_ri*Tlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), nt 2 o'clock, from Shiels Hall, 32
O'Farreli street, where funeral services will ;
be held under the auspices of the Ner..
deutscher Verein. Cremation' I. O. O. F. j
Cemetery. j
In 'EAN— ln this city, July 21, 1899. John T..
dearly beloved son of Thomas and Winifred
11, .lan and brother of Belle and May Dolan,
a native of San Francisco, aged 25 years.
"_7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow |
(Sunday) at 11:45 o'clock, from bis late resi- |
dence, 834 Bay street, between Hyde and j
Larkin. thence to St. Brigid's Church, where
services will be held for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 12:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOLLARD— In this City, July 20. 1899, Annie \
X beloved wife of John Dollard. and mother
of" Ed ward J.. Arthur W. and Robert E. Dol- |
lard, a native of Ireland.
Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at. 9:30 !
o'clock, from her late residence. 1803 Laguna
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where]
a solemn high requiem mass will be cele-"
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
Ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
HANDLEY— In this city, July 21, 1899, at the
residence of his parents, 422 Laguna street,
Bertram J., only child of James M. and Josie
Handley (nee Cadigan), a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 11 month? and 29 days.
C *~_nterment private.
HEY— In this city, July 21. 1899, Louis H., b<--
• loved husband of Ella Hey, and father of
Mary and Lena Hey, a native of Germany,
aged 62 years.
I rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted _ Co., 1-4** Mission street. Interment
private.
HESKETH- Entered into rest, in this city,
July 21, 1899, Catherine, beloved wife of the
late Joseph Hesketh, and mother of Joseph,
Grace and Walter Hesketh, Mrs. A. Rausch- I
enback and the late John, Maggie and Irene
Hesketh, a native of Germany, aged 56 years .
and '.• months.
JENNINGS— In Fair Oaks. San Mateo County.
July 21, 1599, Thomas, beloved husband of
Margaret Jennings, and father of George,
Thomas Jr. and Abigail Jennings and Mrs.
Paul F. Kingston, a native of Manahawkin, ;
New Jersey, aged '■■ years.
j*_~Notice of funeral hereafter. '
JOHNSON— In this city, July 20, 1899, Lars P.,
beloved husband of Agusta Johnson, brother
of Alfred Johnson, and brother-in-law of John
and Matilda Mattaon a native of Sweden,
aged 45 years 7 months and 27 days.
[EPFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 408 Mississippi street. Interment Cy- 1
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
KELLY- In this city, July 20, 1899, Harriet M.
Kelly, dearly beloved sister of Lizzie Kelly,
niece of Agnes Kelly, and cousin of Frank ■
Redington, a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged
24 years.
.."Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, rrom 703 Bush
street, corner of Powell, thence to St. Mary's
Church, corner of California and "T)upont
streets, where a solemn requiem high mass :
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,* I
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
' Cross Cemetery. -'-: :
: LAMPE— In this city. July 20, 1599, Charles J..
beloved husband of Kara. Lampe, son of i
Mrs. E. C. and the late T. C. Lamoe. and
brother of William, Mamie, Emiel, Frank and ,
Belle Lampe, Mrs. R. R. Martin and Mrs/
Charles McFarland, a native .if Nevada City. i
Cal., aged 35 years 1 month and 12 days. I
(Nevada City papers please copy.)
_ "Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, 2134 Mission street,
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's Church.
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the resose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment private. Cypress l~wn
Cemetery-
McGUANE— In this city. July 19, 1899, John
11. McGuane, a native of Lowell, Mass., aged
47 years.
irTFrien.lß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1" o'clock, from th" hall of
Excelsior Lodae No. 310, I. O. O. F., 2319
Mission street. Remains at the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany 2425 Mission street. near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by elec-
tric car. -
McCLARY- In the City and County Hospital.
July 21. 1899, Robert McClary, a native of
New York, aged 55 years.
MEYER- In Oakland, July 21. 1899, Mrs. Sophia
Meyer relict of George T. Meyer, and mother
of George A. and Henry A. Meyer. Mrs. G.
W. Marlin and Mrs Walter G. Manuel, a
native of Hanover, Germany, aged 70 years 6
months and 4 days.
(r3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services to-
morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clpck, at the union
Church at Mount Eden, Alameda County. In-
terment Mount Eden Cemetery. Friends from
Sau Francisco will take the 12 o'clock boat,
connecting with train to Haywards, where .
conveyances will be In waiting.
OSER in. c ROTHMAN) In this city, July 20,
1899, Ida, beloved wife of the late Herman
Oser, daughter of Henry I- Rothman, and
sister of Mrs. Toby elm. Mrs. Mary Jacobs,
Mrs. Celine Kaskell, Mrs. Hannah Kaskell
and Oscar and Henry Keeve Rothman, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 29 years 4 months
and 24. days.
RASSETTE— In this city. July 20. 1899. Ade-
laide Papln Rassette, beloved wife of J. H.
Rassette. a native of Montreal. Canada.
Funeral services will be held this d ay
(Saturday), at the Church of Notre Dame dcs
VI ' ires, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment private.
RIORDAN— In this city. July 20, .1.899, John J..
beloved son of the late Garrett and Kate
Rlordan, and brother of Charles. Eugene and
the late Richard Rlorda/t, a native of San
Francisco, aged 28 years and 2 months.
It"""'* Fri ends and acquaintance*- are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Saturday), at '■' o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4181 Twenty-fifth street, near Castro,
thence to St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROSE— Lakeville, Sonoma County. c a 1..
July 19, 1899, James Russell Rose, beloved
father of Mrs. H. W. Nicholson and Mrs. F.
L. Gray, a native of Ohio, aged 69 years and
9 months.
r.TThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), from his late residence, after
arrival of morning train from San Francisco
at Reclamation. Carriages will meet friends
. at Reclamation station at 9:30 o'clock train.
Services at 10 o'clock, Interment Petaluma
SCANLON Drowned near Duncans Mills, Cal.,
July 20, 1899, Richard J. Scanlon, beloved
brother of Mattthew J., Patrick H. and
Charles W. Scanlon and Catherine and
Thomas Dolan, and nephew of Mrs. B. Scan-
-I,,ii ii and Mrs. A. Patton, a native of Califor-
nia, aged 24 years 1 month and 11 days... . .'.
(_*"Notice of funeral hereafter.
SCHRAMM— In Oakland, July 20, 1899. Mathieu,
beloved son of M.- H. and Ellse Schramm, a
native of Germany, aged 52 years and 27 days.
U_7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Henry Evers, 865 Washington street.
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
STOKES— this city, July 21, 1899, Eva, be-
loved daughter of George W. and Lizzie
Stokes, and sister of Carrie, Lylia, Sadie,
George and Ethel Stokes, a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 years 5 months and 21
days'. ■ • "
WHELAN— In this city, July 20, 1899, Jeremiah
W., beloved husband of Margaret Whelan,
and father of Mary. John, Jeremiah. Nellie
and Charles Whelan, Mrs. J.- Kelly and Mrs.
* D Smith, a native of the parish of Rat too.
County Kerry, Ireland. aged 60 years.
"_r_he funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 311 Bryant street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, where a requiem , high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. - -
hi-NRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan A: Gallagher), *"
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln _:h->oL.
Telephone South SO. '" (
THE STOCK MARKET.
The only noteworthy feature in securities
on the morning session was a decline
in Contra Costa Water from $75 75 to $75
under active sales. The other stocks were dull.
There was no particular change in the after
noon.
Mining stocks continued weak as a rule,
and most of them were a few cents lower than
on the preceding day. The telegram from the
pump said: "No. 1 elevator has been work
ing continuously. At 6:30 this morning the ■
water was 5 feet 10 inches below the 19.0-foot |
level station." ÜBfrlß- , , ,
The Chollar Mining Company has levied an |
assessment of 15 cents . per share, delinquent'
August 24. * „
The Central Light and Power Company has •
Just paid a dividend of 5c per share, and the |
California Powder Works $1 per share.
The Doe Run mine of Missouri paid a divi
dend of $2500 on the 15th.
The Golden Cycle mine of Colorado paid a
dividend of $10,000 on the ISth.
The Gold Coin mine of Colorado will pay
a dividend of $10,000 on the 25th.
The Grass Valley Exploration "Company paid
a dividend of $7500 on the 20th.
The Modoc mine of Colorado will pay a divi
dend of $10,000 on the 25th.
The Silver King mine of Utah paid a divi
dend of $50,000 on the 10th.
The Smuggler mine of Colorado paid a divi
dend of $10,000 on the 15th.
The South Swansea mine of Utah paid a div
idend of $7500 on the 21st.
The Vindicator mine of Colorado paid a div
idend of $50,750 on the 20th.
The Yellow Aster mine of California paid a
dividend of $10,000 on the 10th.
The report from the Standard Consolidated
mine at Bodie for the week ending July 15
states that raise 2, in the East vein, 150 level, |
showed 6 Inches of ore on the hanging wall ,
side and 3 Inches on the footwall side, value l
not given. Raise 2, New vein, 31S level, had |
30 Inches of pay ore in the top. Raise 3,
same vein and level, had 40 inches of pay ore j
in the top. Raise 4, Security vein, same level,
had 24 inches fair ore in the top. Raise 4. No. |
10 vein, same level, had 18 inches fair ore in
the top. The south drift. No. 10 vein. 380 level
had 8 Inches pay ore in the face. Raises 2 and ;
3. Fortuna vein, 582 level, had 6 inches each i
of low-grade ore. Raise 4, on the footwall, I
same .vein and level, had 6 Inches low-grade I
ore. The stopes in the Moyl'\ New. No. 10, '
Magulre, Fortuna and other veins, on the 150, i
270. 318, 338, 470, 528 and 552 levels, yielded the
usual quantity of fair to good ore. At the mill, ;
257*4 tons of ore were crushed for the week.
Average assay vanner tailings. $9 68. Concen- ;
trates produced, 1 ton; assay value, $166 86.
Plate amalgam produced, 1360 troy ounces;- i
value per ounce, $2 66. Tailings plant No. 1
treated 246 tons tailings for the week. Plant
No. 2 treated 150 tons.
The Boston News Bureau says: "Quick- I
silver stocks abroad are placed at about 17,000
flasks, with a stock of about 4000 flacks in this j
country. The normal stock In this country- i
has been between 12,000 and 15,000 flasks. We i
understand "that by reason of the advance in ;
the price of Quicksilver the earnings of the |
Boston owned properties have been augmented :
to such an extent that the Napa Company will i
Increase its quarterly dividend rate in October
to a $1 per annum basis, the Etna from 40c
to 50c and possibly 60c per annum, and the
new Boston Quicksilver Company, will start
quarterly dividends in October at the rate of
40c per annum with a possibility of an extra
luc dividend.'"
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, July 21—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask Bid.Ask
Bonds— I Mutual El Co. — 15*.
4s quar c0up. .112 — Oakland Gas.. 47 48
4s quar reg... — — | Pac Has Imp.. 70*. —
I4s quar new.. — — Pac LCo 42 —
3s quar coup. .loß 10S*. S F G ft E.... 70*4 71*.
Miscellaneous — ,San Fran .... ■**. 3"-',
Ca!-st Cab ss. 11 3*. — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55... 110 — I Insurance—
! KLft P .. .130*4 — Flrem's Fund. — 227*4
F ft Cl Ry 65.116U118 1 Bank Stocks—
I Geary-st R ss. — 100 Anelo-Cal 65*4 —
H C ft S 5*43.10714 — Batik of ral... — —
! L A Ry 55.... — 107*4' Cal SD & T.. — 98
I L A L Co 65.. 99 — I First Natlonl.22o 230
Do gntd 65.. 99 — JLon Pft A.... 129*. —
Do gntd 55.. — 100 Mer Eft-change — 16
J Market-st .126*4— I Nev Nat 8k... 180 —
Do Ist M 55.116 — j Savings Banks—
NCN C, R 75. 109 — Ger S ft L.. 1.615 —
! N Rv Cal 65.. — 114 Hum Sft L.1050 11*0
NR of Cal 55. 114 — Mutual Say.. S3*4 42U
INP C R R 6s. — — S F Say U....-435 — .
N.PCRR ss. — 105. B ft L 50.... — 85
' N Cal R R 55. 11 l — Security SB.— 300
IOGI. ft H Be. lll — Union T Co.. — 1465
Oak Transt 6s. 110 110*. Street Railroads—
;Om C Ry 65.. 127 130 California 116 —
P& CI Ry 65. 104*4 — Geary "° —
P ft O6s 115 — Market-st 61_ —
Powell-st 65... US 1221. Oak S L_H. — — I
Sac El Rv ss. — — Presidio — 16 j
IS Fft N P Ss. — 314 i Powder—
SF& S JVss.ll4*illsV_ California .... — 170
'■- Sierra R C-.165.1"*"« — iK Dynamite... — 95
SPof A 65... 111*4 — Giant Con Co. 71 —
S P C 65(1»e6).1_. 112*4 Vigorit 2*. 3
I g pc fisflW-fi). — 11414 1 Suj-ar*—
! S P C 65(1912). — 122*4 liana P C 0.... 17*4 "7"i
BPCIs eg ss. — *07"4 Haw CftSC. 95 974
Ift pßr 6s — — .Hutch 5 P Co. 331,4 »_
S V Wat 65.. .116 — I Kllauea S Co. — 32
3 V Wat 45.. ..104*4 — Makaweli SC. 47*. —
ig V W 4s(3rra*'ol -.101% Onomea S Co. 40 40*4
Stktn Gas 65. .102*4 — Paauhau S P. 394 40
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa., 75 75*4 A! Pac Assn. .ll4*4 —
Marin Co . ... 50 — Gee Ld Wks._so —
Spring Valley. lolT.lo2 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Gas and Electric— 'Oceanic S Co. 91 «01*_
Capital Gas... — — Pa.- A FA.....1** —
, Central 0 Co.. — — |Pac <" Bor Co. — i..0
Cent Lft P... 6*4- Par Paint Co.. S'_ — |
Equit G L Co. — 5 I
Morning Session.
t Board —
10 alaska Packers' Association 115 00 j
10 Contra Costa Water 75 75 !
50 Contra Costa Water, cash 75 6. .
50 Contra Costa Water -'-':,'
5 Contra Costa Water __ :,'. -
50 Contra Costa Water 75 25
50 Contra Costa Water « '- -
100 Contra Costa Water To 00
- 75 Hana Plantation Ci "" <*>
100 Oakland Gas « -">
10 Oceanic S 9 Co 9100
10 Onomea Sugar Co 40 00
60 Paauhau S P Co 40 00
Street— ,
100 Contra Costa Water, s 5 75 *""*4
50 S V Water 10 ' "2*4
Afternoon Session.
Board - tftf _
7 Bank of California 290 00
ISO Contra Costa Water..... 75 00
60 C intra Costa Water, s 3 *5 00
75 Hana Plantation Co 1" 62*4
100 Han i Plantation Co, b 15 1. 87»4
50 li.ma Plantation Co li .><
60 Hutchinson S P Co 33 .0
10 Market Street Railway 61 60
80 Market Street Railway 61 ,0
$1001) KPC R R 5 per cent bends, s 5....105 25
$1000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds, s 5....105 124
100 Paauhau S P Co 39/50
Street— „„. _.
5 Bank of California 20.. 00
$1000 S V 4 per cent bonds 104 2.
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water 7.. 50
' 25 Contra Costa Water 75 87*4
SO Central Light ft Power 6 50
85 S V Water 10150 |
50 Hutchinson S P Co '. 33 62*4
Afternoon Session.
50 Pn_,r*..iu S P Co 40 00
: I i S PCo 40 0.1
50 Paauhau S P Co 40 12*4
20 S V Water 101 50
100 Vlg.ril Powder 3 1214
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
2.'. Makawela Sugar 47 75
10 Makawela Sugar 47 87*4
10 Contra Costa Water -. 75 50
50 intra Costa Water , 75 624
20 Contra Costa Water 75 75
100 Equitable Gas 4 75
20 Giant Powder 71 25
2" Giant Powder 71 *2'_
20 Hutchinson Sugar 33 374
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 17 400 Hale ft Norcrs. 35
50 Andes 15 200 Potosl 54
200 Belcher 26 300 Potosi 5."
900 Chollar 29 400 Savage :. 23
100 Chollar .-.. 2S £00 Sierra Nevada. 60
200 Gould ft Curry. 40
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 16. 2'"} Gould & Curry. 38
300 Belcher 251 400 Ophir 105
500 Best ft Belcher 51 ! 300 Potosl 53
100 Caledonia 811 100 Savage .'. 23
100 Challenge 25; 250 Sierra Nevada. 59
800 ( 'hollar 261 300 Union Con 36
200 Con Cal ft V...2 05. 100 Yellow Jacket.. 34
30 Con Cal ft V...2 lOi
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alta 08 200 Mexican 53
250 Andes 1" 100 Ophir 105
250 Andes 16 350 Ophlr 107*4
200 Best ft Belcher 53 350 Potosi 54
800 Best ft Belcher 52 1700 Potosi 53
1000 Bullion 10, 800 Potosl 52
150 Caledonia 60 200 Savage 25
SOO Challenge Con. 24 200 Savage 24
100 Chollar 30 .600 Savage 23
1000 Chollar 29 300 Savage 22
300 Chollar X 300 Sierra Nevada. 60
2800 1 'h'.lar 27 200 Union Con 36
100 Con Cal ft V.2 02*4 600 Yellow Jacket.. 33
500 Gould ft Curry. 38 100 Yellow Jacket.. 34
1200 Hale ft Norcrs. 35
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes • 17' 500 Justice 07
SIX) Best ft Belcher 51 250 Ophir 1 074
200 Caledonia 68 900 Overman 11
200 Challenge Con. 25 400 Potosl 54!
400 Chollar 21' 300 Potosi ifi
150 Con Cal ft V.2 02-. 150 Savage ......... 23
200 Crown Point... 25 600 Sierra Nevada. 60
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, July 21—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Justice 07 08
Alta — 10 Kentuck 03 04
Andes 16 17 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher » 24 26 Mexican 62 64 j
Best ft Belcher 50 51 Occidental 25 26 j
Bullion 09 10 Ophir 105 110
Caledonia 59 61 Overman 11 12
Chollar 26 27 potosi 54 55
Challenge Con. 25 26 Savage 22 23
Confidence So 90 Scorpion 02 03
Con Cal & V...2 00 205 Scg Belcher..:. 07 OS
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 59 60
Crown Point... 24 26 Silver Hill 01 03
Eureka Con 50 — Syndicate — 05
Con New York. — 04 Standard 235 —
Exchequer — 04 St Louis — 12
Gould & Curry. 88 40 Union Con 35 37
Hale & Norcrs. 34 35' Utah 11 1*
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 31 3"
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs King-on, N V ,'Dr Forstner. Germany
Mrs Bennell, N V j Dr. Rehrl, Germany
Miss Carter. NY 'IDF Lansing, N V
G. W. Bramhall, Yo-'D McCreding. N V
kohama IDr T Flint, San Jose
Mrs G W Bramhall. do Mrs T Flint, San Jose
Miss Bramhall, do j Raymond excursion —
H A Keller, Phila I Miss M F Crosby
E It Kimball, Kansas Miss L J Crosby
L L Chapln, England Miss M L Howard
Yon Schleich, Germny Mrs. E A Porter
E C Klauber. Germany Miss E E Randall
E N Corneon, Chicago Mrs M E Gorham
F I Looklin. N V M Osborne
Geo Rubenstein, N V Miss II A Baldwin
II Heyman. Cal Miss M L Rice
H Joy, Cal l Miss L A Stockdale
C R Russell. Kansas IB Roseland
B Horikishl, Japan Miss B Leach
M C L Kline, Pa Mrs H Roseland
Mrs M C L Kline, Pa Mrs N A M Foot*
F W Kock, Pa Mrs H F Field
Mrs F W* Kock. Pa 'Mrs N E Drew
E Keller. Pa Miss M E Osgood
Mrs E Keller, Pa Miss M E Murray
O O Howard Jr. Pa Miss E L Pratt
W Robinson, Ky Miss M A hen
"W P Phalen. Chicago iDr J _ Wills
Mrs W Robinson, Ky ! Mrs J G Wills
Miss Robinson. Ky ICH Wilson
R R Mattis, 11l O Granin. Wyo
W B McKinley, 111 W F Stanton, Ga
F H B Johnson. Eng W M Staton. Ga
R W Seaman, Eng G E Rogers, Wis
Dr C T Poor, N V Miss B C Rogers, Wis
Mrs C T "Poor, N V Miss Paige, Conn
F L Lecompte. N V llt /urn. N V
Mrs C P Eagan, N V Mrs R Zkim, N V
Gen C P Eagan, NY' R Eltz.' Berlin
G H Flnkham, Boston "VV II Briggs, N T
E Lobe. Seattle Mrs W II Prigg--. N* V
C H Grlebe. NY A B Hardy. N V
G Fisk. N V 'Mrs L Stancllffe, X V
J Thompson, N V Miss J L Hardy, N V
Mrs J Thompson, N V Miss X Higgins, N V
M Sherman, Term j Miss M E Henderson
Mrs A C Staples. la N V
Helen Staples, lowa Miss Mattlson. N V
Harriet Staples, lowa J McNeil. Santa Cruz
C C Swisher, DC N Murray. Balto
F N Root i son. 111 N M Butler. N V ,
J S Woodruff. Hi | M G Salomon, Cal
W E Clark. NY C M Paris. Stanford
8 J Allen, N V - Mrs II L Kremer, Ky
Miss St Cyr, N V Mrs Geo Wolf. Ky
Mrs A P Bradfleld, Cal R Hache, Oxnard
J Richards, Santa Bar M Wiggins, Los Ang
Mrs J Richards, Cal R E Volght, Cal
E O Lyte, Pa G E Nolan, Los Ang 1
Mrs E O Lyte, Pa I Mrs G E Nolan. C a l
H E Willver. lowa ' T Rolrdan, Arizona
Mrs H E Willver, la G A Boomer, Chicago .
GRAND HOTEL
G Turrell, Cal Mrs Smith, Alameda
J C Tice, Cal F T Duer. S Barbara
ii Migliavacca, Napa iW 11 Thompson. Lodl
W Allen, Cal J Kenwood, Dawson
C W Barter, S Jose J Mahoney. Chicago
E C Tuttle, Alameda Miss Chambers, lowa
M Madison, S Mateo C Chambers. St Louis
W A Bonynge, L Aug W F Boyle, Chicago
B Flatow, Sacto J Collins & w. 11l
R Slmonson, Sacto Miss Vickriskl, Cal
<; W Keely, Oakland Miss Carrothers. Cal
II R Blair. Sacto Miss Porterfield. Cal
J B Gill. Cal Miss Martin. Cal
J J A Jones Cal !I ' Brooks & w, 111
E A Girvin, Berkeley Miss Brooks, 11l
A Campbell. Berkeley W F Gift. Peoria
C L Howard, Berkeley Miss ZJiegler, Peoria
J F Cordon, Nevada A C Tonner, Wash
It T George,. Oakland F Alnsworth. L Ang-
C P Cox, Elmo F Kerr, N V
N Spencer, England E Wins, S L Obispo .
A Noble & w. Stockton F Root & s. Chicago
VV R Beall, Cal W Page & w. Wash
\V H Reed, Cleveland II Ferguson. 8 Jose
tV S Coen. lowa .Miss Bowthin. Vaeavl
I M Peart & w, Cal Mrs Payne, Vacaville
I A Johnson, Cal L Comath, Cal
R Baum, w& c. Seattle Mrs M E Smith, Sacto
C Robson. Vancouver >W Forgens, w & 2 c,
[I II Harlow, Cal ' S Cruz
U Phillips & w, N V F M Harvey, N V
J Morgan, Dawson J W Brock. Balto
J S Lea. Rosweli J W Bowen, L Ang
Miss Carkener. X City C Crystal, Vacavllie
Miss Christensen. Utah Mrs Gar. Vacaville
A Huntoon. Wash W Jenkins _ w, S Jose
Miss Greely, Mass Mrs Rehom & c, Cal
1-* i ', Brooks, NY R c Jacks. Monterey
L Gerlach & w, Stktn J M Strening. S Rosa
Mrs DeCandia, Stktn Dr Osburne & w, Cal
II M Kelly. Manila Mrs Bills. Cal
O Whitney, Tacoma Mrs Blondln, c a i
S F Smith. Denver C Pendleton, L Ang
B H Leonard, c a i F Tyran & w. Wyo
J B Edger, Pa E Wheatly" Omaha
c, B Edwards. Pa M L Powell. Omaha
McD Schaughensy, Pa F Daniels, 5" V
F Sharp, Pa H Bottwood & w, 111
M Solomon, L Ang D C Field, L Ang
F Davidson, Danville Luoile Dara, Illinois
II 7-actry & f. St Louis, L WBurrls, S Rosa
H "Parties. Pittsburg C W Ward, I, Banos
F Parker, Pa C J Jones. Stockton
B X Porter. Pa F Cogswell. Lodl
il B Cooper, 'a II McNoble, Stockton
Mrs Robinson. Alamda
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E Ware, Stockton J S. Davis. San Jose
II I, Berkley, Oregon JAR Hobin, Seattle ;
I" .1 Hinklev. Chicago Mrs A Hobin, Seattle
W C Green & w, 111 A J Brewster, Seattle
c Schmaling & w, 11l ,T M Bridges. Idaho
Mrs Jewell, Chicago IP Spirtus, Bakersfleld
C H Olmsted. Chicago J Bickey, Alaska
C P Lamar, Wyoming A Weaver, Newman
J J Bradford, Mo ,C '"Williams, Boston
C W Robbins, Mo S E Ballard, Sta Rosa
Miss M Robbins, Mo IS Price. Santa Rosa
Miss Q G.rhar.lt. Mo II Cumminjrs _ W.Utah.
Miss B Guenther. Mo C F Black, Colorado
H W Ess-nan. Manila 1 J A Wood & w. Ind
11 Sallnskey, Manila Miss C Klass, lowa
W 3 Clark. Manila D S Anderson, Term
I* F Carpenter, Manila J C Mathews, La
J A Lewis, Manila J N Olds, Texas
R E Blscoe, Manila T Garig, Louisiana
Mr. Crieg, New York I
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Howard Havens (trustee Donohoe-Kellyßank
ing Company, a corporation) to James A.
Thompson (.trustee Donohoe-Kelley Banking
Company), lot on NE corner of Broadway and
Cough street. E 57:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Howard Havens to Joseph A. Donohoe Jr..
lot on S line of Eddy street, 137:6 E of Gough,
E 65:3 by S 120; $5.
Laura A. and Adolph Hoeber to Joseph H.
currier, lot on E line of Devisadero street, 102
5 of Green, S 32 by E 103:14; "10.
Agnes A. Foerster to Richard F. Mogan. lot
on N line of Washington street, 100 W of Devis
adero, W 37:6 by N 62; $10.
Luigl and Mary Canepa to William McCor
miek, lot on N line of Seventeenth street. 105
E of Noe, E 25 by N 91:6; also lot on W line of
Pond street. 91:6 N of Seventeenth, N 25 by AY
SO: $10.
John M. and Annie E. McLaughlin to Wells,
Fargo ft Co., lot on N line of Twentieth street.
75 W of Hartford, W 25 by N 52:6; Interest and j
$4100.
Thomas Jennings to Margaret Jennings, lot !
on S line of Fifteenth street. 12., E of Castro, '
E 125, S 115, W 25, S 115, W 100, N 230; gift.
Joseph. Harriet, Jacob and Bertha G. Weiss
bein to Annie Wright widow"), lot on N line of
Twenty-third -street, 140 E of Hoffman avenue
(Ellen), E 25 by N 114, lot 70, Heyman Tract ;
$10.
AA'illiam R nd Clara McCormiek to Lit itf Ca
nepa, lot on N line of Clay street, 46:10 E of
Battery, E 20:2 by N 45:10; $10.
Same and John A. McCormiek to same, lot
on N line of Clay street. 67 E of Battery, E
0:8 by N 45:10. quitclaim deed: $10.
Thomas and Margaret Jennings to George,
Thomas Jr. r.nd Abigail Jennings and Mrs.
Mamie Kingston, lot on NE corner of Battery
and Washington streets. N 137:6 by E 137:6;
also lot on W line of Front street, 137:6 N of
California. N 45:10 by W 137:6; also lot on NE
corner of Third and Minna streets, NW SO by .
NE 97:6; also lot on S line of O'Farreil street,
85 E of -Jones. S 122:6, E 32:6, N 60, W 7, N
"2:6. W 25:6; gift.
Ernest and Mary Kaufmann to Emil Jaeger,
lot on AA* line of Codman place, 57:6 S of AVash
lngton street, P 20 by AY 60; $10.
Estate of Mary F. Brannan (by John E.
Brannan (executor) to Henry E. Bothln. lot on
SW line of Second street. 248 SE of Mission. SE
27 by SW 65; also lot on SAA' line of Second
street," 275 SE of Mission, SE 35 by SW 100;
JIT.."'-'.
Builders' Contracts.
Claus Spreckels (owner) with Thomas H. Day
ft Sons (contractors), architects Reid Bros.—
Carpentry and mill work on music stand In
Golden Gate Park In western end of basin in |
Conservatory A'alley: $1356. -tftftf
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND , REAgONABLE*
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANT IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE, Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1118 Broadway. tf.tf.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara street.
EAILEOAD T&AVEL.
«tI'TIIKKI PACIVM COJirAIfX.
(PACIFIC HVSTKM.)
Trains t-i»»«- nml are <!••« in iiirlr- _•
HAS rit,t-.« , lN<'<».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
__tATB — Fao* June 25. 1839. — . A-utm
TiOOa Benicia, Suisuu and Sacramento.... »«43p
.:0«»_ Mary-Tille, O/orillosud Bedding via
Woodland 2*l. P
7:«4>A Elmira, Vacaville and Rnmsey...... Bi*or
"iUOa Martinet, Sau Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoga and Sauta Rosa.... »= JJf»
BjOOa Atlftntio Lipresg. Ogdeu and Fast.. »«_»*
Si*t«A San Jose. Livermore. Sunlit.
lone. Sacramcuto, Flacerville.
MarysTille. Chico, Rwlßlilfl *!'!!*'
»«80a 'Milton, Oakdale and Soaora _:I_*»
•:_Oa Yosen.it. Valley via Oakdale and
Chinese -. • *,;•■*»
9:00 * Haywards. Niks and Way Stations. 1 1 :«a
•iOOa Martinet, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced Fresno ia:l*»F
, 0:O«A Fresno, UakeraUeld. Santa Hiirlmra,
Los Angeles, Darning; El Paso.
New Orleaua and East «••""'-»
IO:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations "*- 13 r
1 1 :OOa Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. a- -3»
IK:4K>M Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
PcrterTillo *•«'»**
•liOOp Sacramento Hlver Steamers •S-.HUe
B:OOp Haywards, Nilts and Way Stations. »:4ai>
_iO«»e Martluez. Man lUmon, Vallejo.
Napa, OsHstoga, Santa Rosa »j_B_
4iOOp Benicia, Vacavllie, .Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville, OroTilto IO:4«*
_iBor Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7-I3P
4:' lop Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 13:13»
»:•©_! The Owl. Tracy, Fresno, Bakers-
field, Saugus for Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles 0-43*
•tSOr Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:1 Op
i3op Martinez. Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and l.os Angeles B:..*»*
•iSOr Santa Fo Route. Atlantlo T-ipreas
for Mojave and East 0:4»p
MOp Chlcago-Saii Francisco Special, Ogdeii
and Kast 8:43*
•:OOp Haywards, and San Jose 7: ISa
••:«'. Vallejo 12:18*
7«*Op Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland, I'n.et
Sound ami East 7: l.*» A
J StOOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions t'-'-O-O?
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (.auge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
• - "7:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations IS:*"**
MM* Newark.Centerville.San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Oruz aud Way
Stations 3:30»
■SilSp Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, Now
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz aud Principal Way
Stations •10:80 a
4il9p San Jose, Glenwood snd Way Sta-
tions. O:20_,
Mi 1 Felton, Santa Cniz aud Way Hta-
I tions .' :.... /9:20»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rraaSlK rtt.SICISCO- Poo', of Market Stmt ("Slip 8)—
•7:15 9.-00 11:00 a. SI. Jl:03 •3:30 13:00
•4:00 tB:03 •6:03p.-.
rr»_o._L_!l"-— Foot of Broadway.— 8:00 10:00 a.m.
I 112:00 -1:00 13:00 -3-.03 «:C3 -8:00pj|;
COAST DIVISION (BroaiMisai-e).
(Third and Townsend Sts.) >
I 'Oil Ocean View, South San Francisco.. "6:SOp
•7:OOa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y). ...... *8:OOa
J*7iS©_ Sunday Fxcurslon for Santa Crnz.
Pacific Grove and Principal Way
Stations JS:3B»
•■••a San .lose, Tres Pluns, Snnta Cruz,
PaciUo Grove. Paso Itnlil-s, Sau
Luis Obispo, Surf, Lompoo and
Principal Way Stations 4ilOp
1 0-40 A San Joseand Way Stations (1:33 a
lIIBOA Ban Jose and Way Stations l:_OP
*Bi43pBan Mateo,' Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San .l»*e,
Holllster, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Grove *10:3<"a
■8l3«p San Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
Principal Way Stations »7:80p
•4:13p San Joseand Principal Way Stations 0:43 4
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations **:3.1.a
3:.*lopBanJoaean.'Princii.ttl Wny Stations "Oioo*
«:SOp San Josaand WaySt.atious 5:.'10p
*lli4.T»p San Joaeaini Way Stations t?:HOp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon
•Sunday excepted. I Sunday only. • t Saturday only.
Kiatu.nl if sod Sanday- /Sunday and Monday
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN 2T. CO.
' LBSSBH
SAI FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
1 WEEK DAYS— 8:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
! 8:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
' at 11:30 p. ru. Saturdays Er.tra trips at 1:54
! and 11:30 p. m.
1 SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:80, 3.10,
6:00, S:2O p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
■WEEK DAYS— «:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. n_; 12:*5,
8:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Ej tra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 6:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave 1 Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco,
. . April IS", U —.-{ *
. Week Sun- - 1*99. I S*_- "Week
Days. days. Destination. ' J _ays. Daya
: T:3oam 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
i 8:30 pmj 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm t 10:25 am
6:19 pmj 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm! C:2O pm
1 Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Heaidsburg*. •
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 prr.
i T:80 am I Hopland and - 10:25 am
| 3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
t:3O pm ) 8:20 pm
i T:3O am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 a. a
and ?
6:15 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, j 6:05 pmj 6:20 pru
. 7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 ami 10:25 am
■ 8:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Spring's; at Lyttoa
• for Lytton Springs; at Geyeervllle for Ska-rgs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs; Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
i Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Spring's, Upper Lake. Porao,
j Potter Valley', John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllie,
! Booneville, Philo. Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarro, Whitesboro. Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
: Westport, Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonville. Cum-
' mlng's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
• Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
I beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices 650 Market st.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN*.
Genera! Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23, ISO 9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— -8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.
•1:45. 3:20. 4:00. -6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on : Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. ra.
• SUNDAYS— *8:00, "9:00. "10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a-
m. : 1:00, -1:45, -2:30, M:"©, 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a! m. dues not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM PAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, "6:40. 7:55, 8:40, *10:20
a. m.; 12:30. 2:15. "3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 an d 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, "S:00, '9:45. -10:4.*", "11:4»
a. m.; .1:00, 2:20, *3:30, *5:15. '6:00, 7:00, 10:15
P. m.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50, 7:55, 8:55, 10:35
a m.: 12:35, 1:45, 4:55, 5:20 p. m. "
EXTRA TRIPS " on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1:20. 2:40 3-55. 5:3". 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and . way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta n*.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Point Reyes and way stations,
8:00 a. m.- Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUifi
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1599. trains will run as follows-
South-bound. North-bound.
' Passen- Mixed. • Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday | ger.
I Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd [ Daily.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm,
8:10 am; 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm, Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Har.'ord 7:45 am 1:43 pm
I 2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakeisfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pin Visalia 6:40 ami 1:22 pm
J 12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 6:50 am l:0o pra
" Stopping at Intermediate points as required
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Offlce, -31 Market
street, San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings. Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30-
-and 4 p. m.
•Fare, S F. to Summit and Return, 8140.
THOS. COOK & SON. Afits.. 621 Market CL
1314
MISCELLANEOUS.
NASAL~CATARRH, ASTHMA,
BRONCHITIS and CONSUMPTION
SPEEDY RELIEF AND RADICAL CURE.
Speedy and radical cure of NASAL CATARRH, THROAT DISEASES
BRONCHITIS AND AFFECTIONS OF THE LUNGS, and all complaints
that lead to CONSUMPTION,
By DR. ABORN, 554 Sutter St.
Ml who are suffering from Catarrh of the Head— loathsome disease.
so prolific of evil consequences— can be speedily and. permanently cured if
they apply for treatment in season. There are thousands of cases of Throat
Dise-se Bronchitis and Consumption due solely to Catarrh, to say nothing of
its! less I terrible consequences; Impaired Sense of Hearing, Smell, Taste and
Sight the Loss of Hair and Teeth, the disgusting Effluvia of the Breath, the
Dingy Complexion; Dyspepsia, Neuralgia, etc. These are, in numberless
cases' caused solely by Catarrh of the Head. The disease afflicts thousands
who have never suspected its presence. Its symptoms are so diverse in dif-
ferent individuals as to often mislead the sufferer and his medical adviser.
The only safe and proper course is to have an examination from a physi-
cian competent to make a correct diagnosis, and to cure the evil when found
To exist. Dr. Aborn cures this loathsome disease after the ordinary modes of
treatment have failed, no matter how severe or aggravated the case may be or
of how long standing.
OVER 30 YEARS DEVOTED TO THE TREATMENT OF DISEASES OF
THE HEAD, THROAT AND LUNGS.
DR. ABORN'S TREATMENT
Gives instantaneous relief, builds up and revitalizes the whole constitution,
fortifies the system against colds and catarrhal affections and averts the ten-
dency or predisposition to consumption, and thereby prolongs life.
DR. ABORN'S OFFICE AND RESIDENCE,
554 SUTTER ST,, between Powell and Mason, San Francisco, Cal,
Sutter-street cars from Market-street ferry pass the door. Electric
cars at San Jose depot, corner Third and Townsend streets, transfer •to
Powell, corner of Ellis; get off corner Sutter and Powell streets.
OFFICE HOURS. 9:30 to 12, and 2 to 4.
SLASHED HIS ABDOMEN
WITH A SMALL KNIFE
PETER jrURAN", A COOK, AT
TEMPTS SUICIDE.
Having Been Accused of Theft, He
Preferred Death to a Life At
tended by Disgrace.
Peter Jiuran, a cook, attempted suicide
in the Fairweather chophouse, 242 East
etreet, yesterday morning by ripping his
abdomen with a pocket-knife. He was
discovered In a precarious condition six
hours after he committed the act and
taken to the Harbor Receiving Hospital,
Where his wounds were pronounced prob
ably fatal by Dr. Morrison. Jiuran made
the attempt upon his life for the reason
that he had been accused of stealing by
Frank Loretovich, the proprietor of the
chophouse.
Jiuran has been employed on East street
for about fifteen days. During this time
his employer took a vacation and left the
cook in charge of the lace. ' When he
returned some trouble over the receipts
of the house occurred, in which Jiuran
was accused of heft. Thursday nit;: the
latter retired to his room after having
ohatt.-d pleasantly with his friends dur
ing the evening and said nothing which
would indicate that" he contemplated sui
cide. He was absent from his work yes
terday morning and during the afternoon
was discovered in a room In tie house
with four Ugly wounds in his abdomen.
The physicians at the Harbor Hospital
discovered that the man used a penknife
with a blade about an inch and a half
in length in his attempt to end his life.
He made four ugly incised wounds across
Ins body, none of which penetrated the
Intestines. From the condition of the
wounds it is supposed that he used the
knife about 9 o'clock in* the morning and
must have suffered for six hours.
Jiuran has been in San Francisco for
the past nineteen rears. He is well known
as a cook about town. Last night he re
covered sufficiently to make a statement.
In which he said that the charge of dis
honesty preferred against him by his em
ployer and the fear of its subsequentdam
age to his reputation caused him to com
mit the deed. He claims that he has al
ways been honest and denies the charge
of Loretovich. He is about 50 years of
age and is believed to be mentally de
ranged.
WILL OF THE LATE
' CAPTAIN GOODALL
HIS ENTIRE ESTATE DEVISED TO
IMMEDIATE RELATIVES.
Property in Menlo Park All Goes to
His Children — George C. Perkins
and Edwin and C. M. Goodall
Present the Testament.
The will of the late Captain Charles
Goodall, who died in Draycott. county of
Somersetshire^ England, on July 13, was
presented -for probate yesterday by George !
C. Perkins. Edwin G tall and C. M.
Goodall. The deceased first demands that
all his honest, debts be paid. Next he de- j
Vised all his real '-state in Menlo Park to j
his five children, as follows: A lot at the
northwest corner of -Oak Grove a venue I
to Samuel C. Goodall; a lot at the corner
of Hopkins' fence to Charles M. Goodall;
a lot at the corner of Laurel street and
Glenwood avenue to Serena T. Goodall;
a lot on the northwest line of Glenwood 1
avenue, 1160 feel from the northeast cor
ner of Laurel street, to Flora A. Blond;
a lot adjoining the last mentioned prop- !
erty, of 324 feet front, to Harry Walter j
Goodall. !
Other bequests are is follows: To Caro- j
line Goodall; decedent's widow, the home i
place in this city, on the west side of |
Pierce street, between Fulton and Mc- ;
Allister, and other minor real estate hold
ings. To Charles Minor ii .dab. a son, a 1
lot at Market and Oak streets; to Harry j
W. Goodall. a son. a lot on McAllister !
street; to Samuel Goodall, an uncle, $200
per annum during his lifetime; to J. H. ]
and E. T. Cooper, nephews, JIOOO each;
-jo Flora Carpenter, a niece, $2000. The J
r*-st and residue of the estate Is devised
in equal shares to the widow and chlldrehj
of the. testator.
A codicil attached to the will, dated Oc- |
tober 30, 1897. sets forth chat the testator j
desires to leave bis son, Edward Goodall,
only a lot on Sixth and -Clinton streets I
and $5000 ",'beause he cannot refc.rm from !
the liquor habit." This codicil deprives
Edward of a share in the residue, as first
provided.
Gel a copy of to-day's News letter con- '
tabling fine halftone views of the landing I
of the Oregon volunteers, their march
through tlie streets, their tented .-amp at i
the Presidio and half-page of the officers !
of the regiment. •
— *— *
DEAD TO THE WORLD.
A Convict Sentenced for Life Cannot I
Inherit Property.
The Supreme Court has decided that
when a man is civilly dead, that Is. serv
ing a sentence of imprisonment for life,!
he forfeits his right to Inherit property, 1
the same as though he was actually "un
der the sod." The decision on this point
was In the case of the estate of Thomas
Donnelly, deceased. Donnelly died intcs- j
t i- 1 . on February 17, 1896, and in Decem- |
ber, 1897, the Judge of the Probate Court
of this city made a decree of distribution j
of the estate. The property was divided
among the widow and three children.
There was a fourth child. James J. Don
nelly, who in IS." l * was sentenced to serve
the i remainder of his natural life in the:
State prison-. After the death of his
father the convict assigned his supposed
#hare of the estate to Charles J. Stillwell. j
a private detective, who applied to. the
lower court for the share that would have j
been that of the convict had the latter
kept out of the State prison. Stllwell's
application was denied by the lower court
on the ground that James J. Donnelly be- .
big civilly dead was to all Intents and pur
poses actually dead. This was upheld by !
the Supreme Court. _ j
Mrs. Williford's Death.
A Coroner's jury decided yesterday that !
Mrs. Adeline Williford of 512 Brannan J
street came to her death from senile
peritonitis following a criminal operation
committed by herself.' The testimony of
Mrs. Kittle Walker and Drs. William
Bell and Arthur L. Sobey was that Mr.?.
Williford confessed to them that she « is
the cause of the Injuries which she was
found to have sustained.
PHELAN WAS THE THEME.
Fortieth District Democratic i
Club Meeting at Point
Lobos-.
The Fortieth District Democratic Club |
met with civic fervor last night on the
corner of Point Lobos and Masonic av
enues. James D. Phelan and local Dem- I
ocracy were the songs the orators of the I
evening sang.
President Bernard Blenenfeld of the.'
district club opened the meeting. J. J. j
Harrison, chairman of the meeting, was j
introduced. He spoke in an introductory
way of the purposes of the assemblage i
and called upon Morris V. Samuels, the ;
attorney, for a few remarks on Phelan
and the denial:.: * of the time on all good
Democrats. - "It will be a hard fight,"
said Samuels, "and every man should take
off his coat with a willingness to work for ,
Jam- D. Phelan, decency and Democ- ;
racy." j
The speech of the evening was made by i
A. C. Sweigart, who consumed an hour j
in eulogistic phrases to describe the civic
virtues of the Mayor. He roasted and j
grilled Buckley and his henchmen and |
prayed for a general election of all good
Democrats.
ANTI-BOSS MEETING.
Republicans of the Thirtieth ;
District. Adopt Resolutions.
The regular meeting .of the Thirtieth j
District Republican Club (anti-boss and
antl-Crimmins) was held last evening at
Oak Grove Hall. 928 Harrison street, with
D. W. McNeill president and Fred '■:.
Howe a- temporary secretary.
The delegates to the Affiliated League
of publican Clubs reported that the
■ names of thirteen delegates to the pri
maries from the Thirtieth District, chosen
by the club and league, would be ready ]
for publication in a few more days, and
that all the clubs In the league were ic
ceiving a fair and satisfactory consider- j
ation, so that a full ticket opposed to
bosses would .be placed In the contest at
the primaries regardless of any other -Re
publican organization.
Resolutions were unanimously adopted
I advising the publicans of the Thirtieth
I District who are opposed to further boss
I rule to abstain from affiliating with or
I participating in any action of the so
; called County Committee, at present con
! trolled by Crimmins and the bosses.
By resolution the Thirtieth District Re
, publican Club indorsed the line of action
I and appro - ed of the objects of the Affili
j ated League of Republican Clubs.
The executive committee reported that
a thorough canvass had been made of tho
voters of the precincts throughout tha
L Thirtieth District, and sufficient data has
been gained to justify the statement that
the Affiliated League ticket will carry the
district at the primary election and ere
] mate the bosses forever.
The club accepted invitations for affilia- I
tion and co-operation with the Thirty-first
District publican Club (Stanford Club), j
from the Forty-third District Republican !
Club, from the Continental League to at- I
tend the "debate and social" and from
several anti-boss Republican organiza
tions that intend to nominate delegates to
the Republican Municipal Convention to
be voted for at the primary election on the.
Bth of August. The next meeting will be
held to ratify the nomination of the thir
teen delegates selected by the club to >■•
voted for at the primary, when the club
will give a high jinks to Its friends.
Political Notes.
The City Republican League of the
Twenty-ninth Assembly District held its
first meeting Thursday evening. The roll •
was signed by fifty-three citizens, nearly
all being representative business men. |
Th.- officers of the club are Dr. J. B. Clif- ]
ford, president; R. E. Rodifelt, vice presi
dent; John F. Kingston, secretary, and j
John S. Elliott, treasurer.
The Young Men's Republican League j
met Thursday evening, Frank K. Spen- >
cer presiding, and adopted resolutions re
questing members of the league to at- ;
tend the organization of Republican clubs
in their respective Assembly districts, and
sign the roll of the club created by au- j
thority of the Republican County Com
mittee. Four thousand members of the I
league were accordingly notified. The j
names of several prominent members of
the league were presented by the com
mittee as delegates to the corning mu
nicipal convention, to be submitted to the
Republican County Committee with a re
quest that said parties so named be
placed upon the tickets in their respec
tive Assembly districts as delegates to
the Republican convention to be voted for ;
on August 5 next.
The Democratic Central Club has de
cided' to hold a mass meeting at .Metro- .
politan Temple Saturday evening. July
L".'. The meeting is called to indorse
Mayor Phelan and Assessor Dodge.
The Thirty-fourth Assembly District
Democratic Club met recently and
adopted resolutions indorsing Assessor:
Washington Dodge. J. a. Lenahan Intro
duce "Ti the resolution. Mayor Phelan was
not mentioned.
The Independent Republican Club of the
Thirty-first Assembly District held an en
thusiastic meeting at Teutonia Hall last
night. The meeting was called to irder
by County Committeeman B. L. Nolan.
The following officers were elected: J.
F. McGlynn. president; H. J. McMahon,
secretary: enrolling committee- D. J.
Martin, M. Walsh. D. J. Flvnn, D. Mul
ander. W. J. Holland. The roll was
signed by 12". citizens.
At Glen Park To-Morrow.
There will be a double bill on the pro
gramme at Glen Park this Sunday. Be
sides the regular professional show in
the free theater there will be amateurs
galore, with recitations, singing, prize
cake-walking, dancing and operatic
singing. The professional numbers will
be a laughable sketch by Flemln and
Ward, a strong act by the Morrises,
double contortion performance by La
jess and Cunningham, and Colburn, the
singing soubrette. .
Magnificent, exquisitely colored full
page holftone of park scenes in to-day's
News Letter. "tftftf?*.:''
THE SA_n FT? AH CISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, JULY 22. 1899.
SPLENDID RALLY OF
REPUBLICAN VOTERS
A Club Organized in Each Assembly
District.
Three Thousand Citizens Enrolled Within Two Hours.
Anti=Bo_*s Sentiments Applauded===Best Citizen
ship Largely Represented at Meetings.
THERE was a hire:*-' turn-out of
' good citizens last night to par
ticipate in the preliminary or
ganization of clubs undeF the
auspices of the Republican Coun
ty Committee. In each of the eighteen
Assembly districts of Kan Francisco a
club was formed. Officers were elected
and the rolls were opened for signa
tures. Returns received from the va
rious districts indicate that 3100 Repub
licans were enrolled.
The tax paying classes of the Repub
lican party of the city, embracing work
ingmen, merchants professional men
and mechanics, rallied in such numbers
that the district bosses soon perceived
that programme methods would not
win, and did not attempt, except in
two or three instances, to resist the on
set ol the stanch Republicans.
The large enrollment last night sig
nifies that the Republican masses have
resolved to take the reins of party
management in their own hands and
select a municipal nominating conven
tion which shall' be composed of the
highest grade of citizenship.
The success achieved last night by
the people will encourage Republicans
who have hitherto manifested hut slight
interest in local politics to come for
ward and enlist for the municipal cam
paign new at hand. The club rolls will
he pen daily from 8 to 10 p. ni., until
Friday evening of next week.
Following are the detailed reports
from the various districts:
'tf:tfZ'
» * »
TWENTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
Enthusiastic Meeting Held at Second
and Folsom Streets.
The club of the Twenty-eighth Assem
bly District was permanently organized in
the hall of Company 11. League of the j
Cross Cadets, at Second and Folsom |
streets, last night. The following officers j
were elected: Joseph S. Spear, president; '
A. .1 Farren, secretary; enrollment com- j
mlttee, S. J. Bridgewood, Peter Quinn.
James Hteney, Charles K. Franklyn and |
Henry Loyen. The officers were all elect- I
ed without opposition, and after the gen- |
eral ballot had been cast the roll was j
opened to all who wished to sign. The
enrollment committee will make its head
quarters at 126 Second street for the next
five days to accommodate all those who
wish to sign the roll. The meeting was
well attended and considerable enthu
siasm was manifested.
TWENTY-NINTH DISTRICT.
Permanent Officers Chosen and En
thusiastic "Speeches Made.
The Twenty-ninth District Club was or
ganized in lower Metropolitan Hall last
night. It was originally intended to hold
the meeting In Becker's Hall on Third
street, but at the last moment it was
found necessary to change the meeting
place. Notwithstanding this, the attend
ance was very good; and after the elec
! tion of officers many enthusiastic
speeches were .a..!, by members of the
club The officers chosen are as follows:
James Dime, president; A. S. Levy sec
retary. Enrollment committee— . L.
I Fritz! James E. Flynn. Robert Williams,
J <*o'llins and J. < 'avanagh.
The rollbook will be kept open In the
cigar stand at the northwest corner of
Fourth and Minna streets.
THIRTIETH DISTRICT.
: Republicans Meet in Pythian Castle
and Select Of icers.
The Republicans of the Thirtieth Dis-
I trict met in Pythian Castle last night
: and permanently organized by electing
i the following officers: James Gillerin,
,' president; Daniel Crane, secretary: John
! Kennedy, sergeant-at-arms; enrollment
j committee, J. E. McDougald, I. Erb, Will
! lam Page, Joseph Coleman and Samuel
; Meyer. The enrollment committee will
i meet every night for the next six days at
' the corner of Russ and Howard streets,
i where the books will be kept open.
THIRTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
More Than Three Hundred Good
Citizens Signed the Roll.
County Committeeman M. McDonald
called tie meeting to order in Excelsior
Hall, corner Eighth and Folsom -its,
1 the meeting place of the Republicans of
the Thirty-first District. He announced
the object of the meeting and road the
j resolutions passed by the County Central
; Committee at Its last session. He urged
up. all good Republicans to come for
; ward and take an active part in the Re
publican primaries for the good of the
party and the best Interests of the tax
! payers. John T. Collins was called to
j preside as temporary chairman, and his
selection was. greeted with a round of
I applause. Frank Dougherty was named
j as temporary secretary. A motion passed
unanimously making the temporary offi
cers permanent, and the following en
: rollment committee was appointed: I*.
W. Cahill, A. Frledlander, James Gra
: ham, Bert Wren and Robert Downs.
The roll was then opened for the re
ception of signatures for membership in
the club, and within half an hour more
i than 300 names had been signed.
THIRTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
Brannan street Rang; With Enthus
iasm and a Big Roll Signed.
There was an enthusiastic rally' of Re
■ publicans of the Thirty-second District in
Gilbert's Hall at 741 Brannan street.
! After a few speeches, explaining the ob
i ject of the call and the Importance of
organizing for the coming campaign, John
F. A hern was unanimously chosen chair
man and Eugene King secretary. The
following committees were appointed:
Enrollment— John Lawless, Edward
Lyons. Thomas Sullivan, Hugh Duff and
, Charles Walters. 'tftf.
Finance — J. Lucy, Philip Cassidy. James
C. Symon, George . Kidd and -Edward
I Priest. _, __
Executive— P. J. Hagan, Thomas Doyle,
j Thomas Duff, Joseph Guerin and Alfred
Cook. •"-''-■■
Two hundred and fifteen signed the roll.
THIRTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
Organized at Maennerbund Hall
With a Good Representation.
The Republicans of the Thirty-third
! Assembly District assembled at Maenner
i bund Hall on Twenty-fourth and Po
trero avenue last night and formed a
club. The County Committee was repre
sented by J. F. Sullivan, Felix Dugan,
I William McHugh and J. C. Walsh. Coun- j
ty Committeemen for the" district. J. F. |
Sullivan, being the senior member of the
committee, called the meeting to order
and stated the object for so doing pur
suant to the call of the governing body
representing, the Republican party of the!
city and county Of San Francisco. The
assembled body* proceeded to elect officers
without any less of time, with the fol
i lowing result: Chairman; Captain G. A.
Raabb; secretary, William Carr. Enroll
i Ing committee- Thomas Haynes, Hugo ;
; Wideman, William McNamara ( James j
Hennessy and Rass Rassmussen.
Immediately after the election of offi- ,
! cers the books were opened for signa- \
tures, and in a few minutes 110 names
were placed thereon. County Committee
man J. <". Walsh, representing the Po
trero section, brought with him from that
i busy portion of the city quite a repre- j
1 sentation of the men who vote the Re- ;
■■ publican ticket. The Thirty-third District |
feels proud of the record it made at the
! last election, where it gave the party that
represents good government and progress
a big majority for the entire ticket. it.
is the expectation of the same men to
again roll up a majority for the Repub- I
lican party at the coming municipal elec
tion. _________
THIRTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
—
Solid Citizens Speak Strongly for
Purity and Harmony.
It was a solid citizens' meeting in the |
! Thirty-fourth District. The club was .
called to order in Turn Verein Hall on j
Eighteenth street, between Valencia and |
I Guerrero, by George A. Rutz, and there j
were 250 mend- enrolled. The utmost ;
! harmony prevailed throughout the meet- j
i ing. ._
I George A. Rutz was elected president,
Percy Beamish vice president, William
I \V. -'ashman secretary and Senator Frank .
I Burnette treasurer. J. R. Kirby, D. Mc-
Carthy. John Gorman, Harry Beasley and
|C. tie' la Fontaine were appointed! as an i
enrolling committee and E. W. Eustice,
! D J Keii\ . Fred Frank. George Bur- J
' nette and R. B. McCiellan a committee
!on by-laws. The president was empow
ered to appoint an executive committee of
I twenty-five members.
•V resolution was adopted unanimously.'
I indorsing the County Central Committee
and Senator Burnette, President Rutz and
Treasurer I. .1. Truman spoke eloquently
for harmony In the part* and a strong |
pull for victory at. the polls.
THIRTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
—
Independent Republicans Combine for
Harmony's Sake. !
The Thirty-fiffth District Club enrolled
: fully as many members as did the Thirty
fourth and the good feeling displayed au
gurs well for the success of the party in
that district. One of the first announce
ments of the evening was that the Thirty
fifth District Republican Club No. l. an
independent organization, desired to come
Into the new organization as a body and j
: it was said that other of the clubs of the
district would follow suit within the next ■
few days. . .
The meeting, which was held in the hall !
at 1371 Valencia street, was addressed by |
Senator T. C. Maher, Harvey Sanborn.
J. J. O'Connor and J. B. Daly. Dr. J. B. i
Dawson was elected president and C. M. j
Stop..- secretary by unanimous vote. The
enrolling committee, which was selected [
by vote of the club, consists of Thomas
Banning. John A. Shepston Jr.. J. J. I
' O'Connor. William A. George and George
A. Lee. The membership roll of the club
will be open at different points in the Mis
, sion for the next six .lays.
THIRTY-SIXTH DISTRICT.
Bossism Repudiated by Enthusiastic
Members. •
It was anti-Crimmins from start to fin
ish in the Thirty-sixth. The big hall at
the corner of Twenty-eighth and Church
I streets was crowded with solid voters of
i the district, who were there to insist that
I the yoke of loss rule be thrown off and j
I they be allowed to do as they pleased at I
! the coming convention. Matters culmi- j
! nated in the adoption of a resolution call- j
I ing upon three crimmins members repre- j
i seining the district on the County Cen- ;
I tral Committee to. resign. They were j
i John McCarthy, A. Davidson and A. B.
MahoneyJ "Members of the County Com
mittee now occupying ' positions in the
City Hall cannot serve us honestly nor
■ conscientiously," said the resolution, audi
[ when i: came to a vote there was little
In the way of opposition to it.
"Honest" Frank French, a solid citizen
of the district, was elected president and
James Nagle secretary. Both were elect
ed by acclamation. President French was j
i empowered to appoint an enrolling com- '
mlttee, and he announced the following
- names: Thomas W. Dennis. E. J. Gray,
, John Conway, George Hughes and E.
Davis.
W. J. Gullfoyle, J. G. Conway, A. Duffy
and E. D. Herri spoke eloquently for
party harmony and district Independence.
They also eulogized their president, and j
were applauded to the echo.
THIRTY-SEVENTH DISTRICT.
ins-Kelly Combination Turned
Down by True Republicans.
The Republicans of the Thirty-seventh
' District lost no time In getting through
with their business] More than that they
did not lose an opportunity of expressing j
I their opinions of the machine. "dowry's
Hall on Laguna street and Ivy avenue j
was filled when County Committeeman
Fred Eggera called the meeting to order
| and stated the object of the gathering. .
; In a short speech J. F. Hayes grilled the
; Crimmins-Kelly combination in a most 1
j thorough manner, saying that the Re- I
i publicans of that district had declared in
favor of a clean primary and pure poll
: tics. This could not be secured if the
i representative men of the district were
obliged to k-i down to the back room of
I a ginmill on the corner of Market and
I Fifth streets for their instructions as to *
i what to and how to dq it. He for one .
! would not agree to "do politics" in any
such a manner.
His declaration was greeted with a :
! storm of applause, out of which arose one '
; lone protest against what the person was
; pleased to call "treason to the party." |
The lone protestant was Colonel E. S. :
| Salomon, and though he waved his walk
ing stick frantically and raised his voice
I to a high pitch he was unable to finish
'■ his speech, for the cheering of Hayes' |
remarks. At last, disgusted with the re
' ception, he strode angrily out of the hail, :
followed by about twenty of the adher
ents of the Fifth and Market street
bosses. The remainder of the business.
was transacted with dispatch. Albert L* -
i wald was selected as chairman, W. K.
Owens as secretary, Charley Linehan and
S. Hlbby as sergeants-at-arms. The en- \
rolling committee selected consisted of I
Edward Head, J. H. J. Seyden, H. J. j
| Alexander, J. H, Scott and B. G. Haskell. I
In accepting the position as committee- i
| man Mr. Head had some very cutting '
i things to say of the attempts of the
! Crlmmlns-Keiiy combination to secure I
! control of the Republican party. About
] 175 residents of the district signed tne
roll. The roll will be open at H. G. Sey
-1 den's, 428 Hayes street, and at the Ter- I
Hales. * I
clean=up
pricelets
. for everybody
The whole store is house-cleaning. The odd lots, the
broken lines and the assortments that lag at clean-up prices.
Fishnet for Sash Curtains— wide; white or I Shirt Waists — A big assortment of percale and
ecru; neat as wax for bedrooms; clean-up at Hale's I lawn Shirt -Waists; in checks, stripes and small fig-
until sold. Yard B%c ! tires; up to date in fit. .cut and finish: linen collars
-x-_ •_ _ tt _ _ .... . , „ and cuffs; sizes 32 to 42; cleanup price at Hales.
Child s White Leghorn Hats Prettily trimmed each .... "*i)c
with roses; a neat little summer shade hat; were $1 j ' ~ _•_-,_•_, '". -. ' \!_ "'" '.
and $1.25; selling them now at Hale's cleanup Oneita Combination Union Suits for ladies—
for, each 50c j A glove-fitting union suit, 50 per cent wool, per-
Rough Straw Sailors— A 'jaunty little affair, in | fectly elastic, buttoned across front, pearl buttons,
navy or white; were popular at 65c; cleanup price silk shell finish, tape-bound neck, improved flap
until sold, each 50c seams, all sizes; clean-up price until all are
Split Braid Sailors — Double brim: in navy only; one cold Suit „1 fifl
of the swellest little hats of the year; were $1.25: at ....... . . *D I .UU
Hale's cleanup until sold, each 75c Ladies' Imported Stockings— The famous Herms-
-190 sheets of first-class white-wove Vote PaDer at ' dorf dye: full en th ■ very elastic tops; Richelieu-
Hate's sheets ot until sold ner ' Jackaee" _ aper. at ; ribbed ; double heels and toes; sizes Bto 10; one of the
Hales cleanup. until sold, per package <• best .;. lines we ever offered; while they last, at
Around Frame for cabinet pictures, at Hale's j Hale's cleanup, pair 1 ."it-
cleanup, each 1 7«« Twilled Roller Toweling— 2o inches wide; every
50 bars jof good Washing Soap, at Hale's ' thread pure linen; the 15c quality; on the cleanup
for ..." 91,00 ■ counters, until sold, yard .'...10 c
new arrivals and Saturday wants
Ladies' Bandana Ties— One of New York's latest The Famous "H. B." $1.00 Glove — two-clasp
fads; and silk four-in-hand tie, with wide ends, kid glove, in red, navy, tan, green, brown, mode,
in Foulard and bandanas effects; would make a swell gray, white and black; the best $1.00 glove we have
tie with a summer shirt waist; shown for the first ever seen; pair  $1.00
time to-day at Hale's; each s(>c and 7."><* _. __. T , • _ , _ v. ,';_■ «-.
J . The Hte. JoUvin — A real French kid 3-clasp
Velvet Stocks —In black and white, beautifully glove at #1.50 is being shown in many new fall
appllqued with steel graduated fringe; one of the : shades at Hale's,
richest neck pieces we have ever seen; shown for the
first time at Hale's to-day; each 2-Clasp Chamois Gloves embroidered or pique
J •__ *"•-!."*><> and J{*."-J.7."t backs, with enameled clasps to match the glove, or
............... 1-. i.e. „,«♦», ,-,!-,-(„-._,- *-:-..-.. *-. plain metal effects. A cake of Chamois Soap and
Beaded Elastic Belts ..with graduated frtage .to washing instructions with every pair; all sizes; at
go with stocks mentioned above; a beautiful little Ha ,.. , ..._Btfc and 91.
affair, being shown for the first time at Hales to- *
day tSli.7.** to $4.54) Fine Percale Wrappers — 25 dozen new Wrappers
Beaded Chatelaines— ln Jet and steel combinations; just arrived; a neat little wrapper for summer wear;
will be very popular the coming season; shown for 1' fits perfectly; is well trimmed in braid, with the
the first time at Hale's to-day... 9(11.25 and #1.75 flounce effect; 25 dozen will be introduced at.
Combination Yoke and Stock Collar— Beautifully \ ea " pl.oO
appllqued in pearl or jet spangle; one of the fads of 1 Brown's Celery Phosphate — A delicious summer
the Kast; shown for the first time at Hale's to-day; | beverage- will be served free to our shoppers to-day;
each 93.00 and $4.00 1 a refreshing drink after shopping.
, Haes " t ' ■ ' ■
935-947 Market Street.
minal Hotel, on Haight and Stanyan
streets. The next-meeting will be on Fri
day evening at Mowry's Hall.
THIRTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
There Was a Good Attendance but i
No Very Marked Features.
There were about 140 people at the open
ing of the roll of the Thirty-eighth Dis
trict in* the Wigwam on Golden Gate ave
nue, near Laguna street. About two
thirds of this number placed their names
on the list at the desk of the secretary.
R. W. Roberts called the meeting to order
and stated the objects of the call. He
had something to say of pure politics and
the glory of the Republican party. With ,
but little ado he named as chairman Dr. '
I. B. Dalziel, and as secretary A. M. Cur
rie. The enrolling committee named by
him were J. C. Bourbin. F. W. Thompson,
■ J. Hayes, Al Bertie and William Carmar
rv: sergeant-at-arms, Sol Shipper. The
temporary officers were made permanent.
The new chairman considered it neces
sary to have a committee on by-laws,
and he named as such C. C. Morris. I.
Schwartz. J. Caiman. A. W. Liechti and
Gus Casner. The meeting was very quiet.
THIRTY- INTH DISTRICT. .
Colonel Eddy Elected President and
100 Members Enrolled.
Colonel T. V. Eddy was unanimously
I elected president of the Thirty-ninth Dis
trict Club and J. W. Hardy was made
secretary. Turn Verein Hall on Turk
street was crowded almost to the doors
with those who had already become mem
bers and those who Intended to. Over 100
names were enrolled while the meeting
was in progress. A committee of live
'■ members was appointed by the president
to take charge of the membership rolls
for the next six days, when they will re
main onen.
President Eddy made an eloquent ap
peal to the club for harmony and hard
work. He dwelt at length upon the neces- 1
sity for hard lighting at the next election I
anil was roundly applauded. M. H. Smith j
and others also delivered addresses. The |
meeting was highly enthusiastic and har- j
mony prevailed.
FORTIETH DISTRICT.
Officers and Committees Elected
and Fifty Signed the Roll.
Between fifty and sixty people were
present at the gathering and formation for i
the Fortieth District organization. The 1
meeting was held in Bear Club Hall, on j
the corner of Post and Fillmore streets.
It was called to order by County Commit
■ teeman Dave Short, assisted by his broth
er committeeman W. Wilkinson. Nearly
all present signed the roll. The business
was quickly transacted. John P.. Carson
Ing elected as chairman and E. A. Bullis
as secretary. The enrolling committee se
lected consisted of S. Zacharias, John J.
Cassidy. E. McGinnis, George A. Crall and
Alex Barb.
FORTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
Three Hundred Republicans Signed
the Roll of the Club.
! When the meeting in the Forty-first As
sembly District was called to order in
i'lxlev Hall Vast night the hall was crowd
ed. No time was lost In electing Frank
W. Marston president of the club and A.
E. Taylor secretary. The enrolling com- !
'mittte was elected as follows: L. Horn, 1
Daniel O'Connor, James Reinfield, Rob- j
crt Greer and W. J. Gerrard. About 300
signed the roll. •
FORTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
Organization Promptly Effected.
Good Enrollment of Voters.
Argonaut Hall was crowded last night
1 when the County Committeeman called
the meeting to order sharp at 8 o'clock. '
T. D. Rlordan was elected president of i
the club and Dr. F. G. Baird secretary.
The following were elected an enrolling |
committee: H. H. Kuchmeister. J. B.
Reilly. Josiah Tlllson. Charles McClain 1
I and Grant Israel. About 150 signed the j
j roll. _^
FORTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
A Big Enrollment and a Repre
sentative Meeting.
One hundred and fifty well-known citi- |
I zens of the Forty-third Assembly Dis- |
I Hales.
trlct signed the membership roll at the
opening meeting of the district club held
in California Hall, 820 Bush street, last
evening. S. Strauss was elected presi
dent and J. I*. Stevens secretary. The
following enrollment committee was ap
pointed: John Breen, Henry Bonfack, J.
D. McCarty and Charles Wall. The ut
most harmony prevailed. The officers in
all instances were elected unanimously
and 'be prospects are that the present
membership will lie more than doubled
within the ensuing week.
FORTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
Over Two Hundred Members From
the North Beach Section.
One of the most enthusiastic meetings
of the evening was that of the Forty
fourth District. Washington Square Hall
was crowded with solid citizens of the
North Beach district, and the announce
ment that it was likely that all of the In
dependent clubs of the section would
come in was loudly applauded. Harmony
was the slogan of the evening. Dr. Camp
bell Ford was unanimously made presi
dent, Charles Mildrew vice president and
E. M. Furbish secretary. The fqllowing
committee was'appointed by the president
t.i take charge of. the -membership rolls:
Frank Kane, James Suffern, L. Strohl, J.
Sold and C. Vallero. Over 200 " memD.r_.
were enrolled, tf.
FORTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
The Roll Was Signed by One
Hundred and Fifty Re
publicans.
The Republicans of the Forty-fifth As
sembly District met last night at Gari
baldi Hall, 423 Broadway. About 200 citi
zens were present when the meeting was
caller! to order by Harry Lewis. Organi
zation was effected by the election of
Thomas H. Evans, chairman, and Rich
ard Ryan*, secretary. The chairman ap
pointed the following enrolling commit
tee, with instructions to keep the roll
open at the' Wisconsin Hotel, 802 Mont
gomery street, for one week: Emil Baz
zoni, W. G. Barlow, P. F. Sanback, L. !
Meyerhack, and R. Schotth r.
Addresses on the approaching cam
paign were made by Milton E. Babb and ;
Charles Webber.
The following resolution, introduced by
Thomas Sheehan, was adopted:
Resolved. That the members of the
Forty-fifth District Republican Club
hereby reannounce their devotion to
the principles of the Republican party
as exemplified by the wise and pa
triotic administration of William Mc-
Kinley; and we also reaffirm our fealty
to the cause of Republicanism In
national. State and local affairs; and
be it further ,-■'•_
Resolved, That we hereby pledge
ourselves to support the Republican
ticket at the. coming election, provided
the platform adopted by the next mu
nicipal convention provides for an
economical administration of affairs
and finances of our city government.
The roll was signed by 150 Republicans.
;■ 1 «
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY 1?
lecon-mended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is pure.
Drowned in Russian River.
A young man named Richard Scanlon
was drowned yesterday at Mesa Grande,
about two miles- south of Duncan Milts.
He] -was bathing in Russian River with
seme friends and dived from a spring
hoard when he disappeared. His friends
tried to attract the attention of a boat
man named Frederick Day, but the latter
thought the young men were joking and
for some time paid no attention. When
at last he discovered the truth Day, who
resides at 1012 Devisadero street in this
city, stripped and dived for the body, but
unsuccessfully. It was later recovered
'by a man named Sheridan half a mile be
low. Scanlon was employed in the Paci
fic Sheet Metal Works in this city and
was 23 years of age.
Mrs. Craven-Fair at San Rafael.
Mrs. Nettie Craven has appeared at the
Marin County Hotel. San Rafael, under
I the name of "Mrs. X. R. Fair." The hotel
was formerly known as the Parisian
! Hotel and is kept by Mr. Schneider. It
1 was prominent in the recent Fair-Craven
: litigation. Several persons believed to be
' her agents have called at the store of
Matthew Gilllgan. who also figured in the
j big case, and incidentally have endeav-
I ored to secure from him any Information
at his command. The appearance of Mrs.
Craven has created a sensation in San
1 Rafael, as gossip has It that It presages
I a reopening of the celebrated case. The
1 lady denies herself to visitors.
■ Hales.
MISSING COMPLAINT
FOR A MISSING MAN
"BRICK" McPHERSON MAY HAVE
MADE HYPNOTIC PASSES.
Suspicion Grows That the Police
Courts Have Been Used to Give
Color to a Contemplated
Swindle.
The hypnotic Influence the notorious
"Brick" McPherson is supposed to have
exercised over so many San Franciscans
with money seems to be potent in the lo
cal police courts. At any rate, the com
plaint the ruddy "Brick" swore to last
Wednesday in Judge Treadwell's court,
charging one Thomas R. Davis with the
embezzlement of $100,000, has disappeared
from the archives.
Clerk McQuade declares that he never
saw it and knows nothing about it. The
Judge knows nothing about it. and Car
penter says he handed it to Clerk Mc-
Quade. •:
Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter drew up
the complaint at the request of Attorney
Harvey Brown, but says that he knew
nothing of the particulars; as Brown as
sured him that everything was all right
he did not trouble himself.
Judge Treadwell says that Carpenter
presented the complaint to him and he
signed it. He saw McPherson at Carpen
ter's elbow, and remarked: "It's a
strange thing to see you in the role of
prosecutor." Having faith in Carpenter,
lie did not ask for particulars.
The Davis wanted appears to be as
evanescent as the complaint, and the sus
picion is deepening that he. is ah astral
body projected into the scene by a few
swift passes from "Brick," in furtherance
of a scheme to make some people believe
that he "looks like money."
There the celebrated case rests.
Rag- Time Hayes and Tamales
At Kapp & Street*. Tamale Grotto nightly. •
■ » ■
In the Divorce Court.
Chris Tapfer has been granted a divorce
from Susie Tapfer on the ground of wil
ful desertion. Judge Bahrs has granted
Agnes David a divorce from Robert L.
David on the ground of failure to provide.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Louis
E. Wilson against Eflie L. Wilson for de
sertion; Harriet S.. Kennedy against
James P. Kennedy for desertion; Katie
Langrv against Charles I .angry for cruel
ty: Agnes M. Ilalnque against Martial
HalnqUe for cruelty, and Maud I. ussier
against William Lussier, for desertion.
IfVUS
OCR^ATURDm. SPECIALS.
OUR SATURDAYS SPECIALS.
GRANULATED best cane SUGAR
20 lbs $1.00
BEST. FAMILY FL0UR. ..50 lb sack 80c
Regular 95c. *
EXTRA Choice Ranch EGGS 20c
Regular 2, .c dozen.
EXTRA Choice Creamery BUT-
TER 32 l-2c
Take advantage of this sale Lay in your
winter supply. We pack free of charge. Reg-
ular Mc squares.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER, 1 -lb
can 40c
EXTRA New Mild CHEESE 10c
Regular 20c lb.
BABBITT'S SOAP 7 cakes 25c
SAPOLIO .-^ 4 cakes 25c
COUNTRY ORDERS filled at short notice
and shipped free of charge 100 miles.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. "th. 'Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS — RE-
modeled and renotated. KING WARD _
CO. European plan. Rooms, .0c to Jl 60 day-
ss to $& week; JS to 130 month. Free baths- hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
i room; elevator runs all night.