VOLUME LXXXVI-XO. 54.
OPTIMISTIC
DISPATCHES
FROM OTIS
Cause the President to Be
Hopeful as to the
Philippines.
MANILA. Tulv 2^. — The Lnited States transport Zea
landia; which sailed from San Francisco June 24 witn four
- , -T- - IT"' J C_ T -
companies ot the Twentv-iourth L ted States Intantrv. 1;o
-•,'.'' r • • 1 1- r
recruits and a lare;e amount ot provisions and supplies tor the
army on board, has arrived here.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELL
INGTON HOTEL. WASHING^
TON, July 23.— N0 ehanse in the
plans which President McKinley
himself, as commander in chief
of the army, has outlined for the cm
duct of the war ir. the Philippines is
likely to result from Mr. Root's ap
pointment as Secretary of War. The
President naturally considers that he
ha^ a better knowledge of the men to
whom he has intrusted this important
work and the details of plans outlined
for the cominsr campaign than the new
Secretary, whose work in the past has
been entirely of a legal character.
Influenced by the very optimistic dis- i
patches which he has received from
General Otis and members of the Phil
ippine Commission, the President is
h epeful, if he is not sanguine, that the
proposed operations in the autumn may
not be necessary. Yet there have been
r.o interruptions in the programme out
lined for reinforcing General Otis, and
the President has directed all prepa
rations for the coming campaign just
as if he were certain that it will be nec
essary. The new army is being organ
ized, supplies, guns and ammunition
have been ordered and the President
has engaged to provide for an army of
45,(M)f) men for the Philippine campaign.
Of course the plan of operation has not
been mapped out. That will be left to
General Otis and other military con-.
manners and will depend, of course,
upon the situation that will exist when
the rainy season is over.
Just at prese.it the question of organ
izing a squadron of cavalry is in con
templation. As stated several days ago.
eight troops of the Third Cavalry now
In th*s country are to be. sent »*» ths f
■Philippines, and O-neral Otis has in \
contemplation the mounting of one of
the three reciments which he was
authorized to enlist as a cavalry reg
iment. The Quartermaster's Depart
ment has been called upon for an
ample supply of hor-=?s and mules so
that additional regiments or mTe, if
necessary, can be mounted. A new bat
tery equippe<i with dynamite field
pieces is contemplated as one of the
new features of the coming campaign.
These are a few of the important ad
juncts of the regular line of operation
which th* administration has planned
for dealing a quick and decisive blow
to the rebels when the campaign be- <
gins at the end of the rainy season.
ROOT TO SUPERVISE
COLONIAL MATTERS
WASHINGTON-. July ii— Elihu
Root, the new- Secretary of War. will
spend his first evening at the White
Hous- as a guest of the President to
morrow- night. He is expected here on
a late train to-morrow afternoon. He
will dine with the President and spend
the remainder of'the evening in discus
sing with hir.-.. and probably some
members of the Cabinet, the important
DEWEY VISITS
OPINA MOUNTAIN
t_)** + x * + *****■ + ***** +*+ + *■* +++ ++ + +4.++ ++ + + + + +_}
TRIESTE, July 2?..— 1t has been decided that the cruiser Olympia shall
renu::i here ten days longer. Crowds visited the cruiser to-day and
wen- shown over her by the sailors, who explained everything about
her] to the visitors.
Admiral Dewey, accompanied by the American Consul, made an excur
sion this afternoon in a carriage to Opina Mountain.
LONDON. July 24.— The Rome correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
Mascagnl's hymn in honor of Admiral Dewey was performed at Pesaro on
Sunday for the first time before an audience of 2000 persons. It was greatly
appreciated and is considered the finest hymn Mascagni has written. i
The San Francisco Call
duties which will devolve upon him as
the new head of the War Department.
It is not improbable that the near fu
ture will see Mr. Root in the position of
Colonial Secretary and a new man at
the head of the War Department. The
entire colonial policy will doubtless be
gone over at this conference, but Cuba.
• •ontrary to expectations, will probably
receive more attention than the war in
the Philippines. Of course. Mr. Root
will have a voice in all matters relating
to the c.'.cr.duct of the war, but the
President sires him to give particu
lar attention to the many c-ampHcated
legal questions involved in the change
from military to civil control of the
dependencies. The President will con
tinue to give close personal attenti'-n.
with the assistance of Adjutant Gener
al Corbin. to the purely military work
connected with the campaign in the
Philippines.
The question of the future of Cuba
will receive the immediate attention of
Mr. Root. The President considers
that the time has come for doing some
thing in the direction of establishing a
civil and independent government in
<"üba. He wants to have a policy well
defined, so that he will be able to tell
Congress in his forthcoming annual re
port what the future attitude of this
country toward Cuba should be. He
had an interview yesterday with Gen
eral Charles Garcia, son of the old gen
eral, in regard to the question of hold
ing a ce:>nvention for elections in Cuba
preliminary to the establishment of an
independent form of government. Gen
eral Garcia came here to secure au
thority from the President for taking
proper steps through the medium of
suffrage for the establishment of an in
dependent form of government, and
thus prepare the way for complete po
litical control of the island.
The President believes the time has
come to give the Cubans a trial at self
government, and he wants Mr. Root to
take held oi this matter and formulate
plans whereby thr* Cubans will hai'e an
opportunity to establish some kind of
government which this country can
recognize. It is this class of work, In
volving a knowledge of constitutional
and international laws, which influ
enced the President in his determina
tion to have a lawyer, stead of a sol
dier, at the hea-i of th.? department.
Eventually it is the President's x
pectation that this will be a new de
partment of --- Government, to have
direct control of all affairs pertaining
to the colonies. Mr. Root will be ex
pected to do the work of a Colonial
Secretary rather than War Secretary,
pending the establishment by Con
gress of proposed new department.
Probably in the future he may b~
transferred to the control of the new
department, if it is authorized.
Mr Root, of course, will have much
to do with the Philippine war, but
the President will naturally depend
more upon his advice for substituting
a civil for military government in ih--
Philippines. when the time comes £or
such action, than he will upon his
assistance in connection with the mili
tary campaign.
FILIPINO PRIEST
CAUSING DISCORD
MANILA, July 23.— A Filipino priest
SAX FRAXCISCO, MONDAY, JULY 24, 1899.
BOUNDARY DISPUTE
NOT TO CAUSE WAR
THE CONFLICTING BOUNDARY CLAIMS.
Pictorial map of Lynn Canal and the adjacent regions, showing the respective boundary lines a- urged by
the United States and Canada, and their relation to the seaport approaches of the Yukon Valley.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON.
July 23.— There will be neither war nor
arbitration over he Alaskan boundary
dispute. It will be settled by amicable
agreement between the United States
and Great Brit* one nation making
concessions on this question in return
for concessions by the other on some
other question at Issue between the tw-o
governments.
This was the view expressed this
afternoon by an official having much to
do with the pending negotiations Re
ferring to Sir Wilfred Laurier's speech
in the Canadian House of Commons
yesterday, In which the Canadian Pre
mier declared there were only two ways
by which the difficulty could be set
tled—arbitration or war— the official
said significantly: "Sir Wilfred Lau
rier is merely stating to the Canadian
Parliament the recognized methods by
which civilized nations settle contro
versies. There are three methods —
first, by mutual agreement: second, by
a resort tb arbitration, and third, by
war. Sir Wilfred has neglected to men-
named Gregorio ..r-ipay. with the in- J
surgents, is trying to lead a movement
for the independence of the churcn in ;
the Philippines from the Spanish ,
priesthood. He has issued a proclama
tion declaring himself vicar general of
all the Filipino priests in the districts
outside of American control on the tsl
ard of Luzon, and is inciting the priests
to disobey the regulations of the
church and brotherhoods. The Arch
bishop of the district has issued a bull j
excommunicating Agripay. and this
action has increased the feeling be- I
tween the Filipinos md the church.
The Archbishop threatened to ex- |
communicate the owners of Spanish
papers publishing announcement of !
Protestant and Masonic meetings.
whereupon an American paper warned
him that he might be bundled out -if
the stand like any disturber of the I
peace if he should incite religious ani
mosity. j
The Dominicans have begun the pub- j
lication of a newspaper under the title j
of the Libertas, for the purpose of de
fending the brotherhood.
DETROIT WILL HONOR
EX-SECRETARY ALGER
Reception and Parade to Be Followed
by an Indignation Mass
Meeting.
DETROIT. July 23.— Plans for the recep
tion of ex-Secretary Alger upon his return
to hi? home city were partially completed
at a meeting he.d this afternoon. General
Alger will be met by the reception com- j
mittee at some point on the route from
Washington. On his arrival he will be
met by all the marching organizations of
the city which care to join in the demon
stration.
The general will be escorted to the City
Hall, where a formal presentation to the !
gathered crowds will be made in front of
the hal by the Mayor and the Governor.
Then there will be a public reception in '
the corridors of the City Hall, followed by
a meeting, probably in Light Guard arm
ory, where opportunity for the expression
of sentiments of prominent citizens will be
had. ■ ■ .- J " -": • ; --i,-.--
Governor Pingree during to-day a meet
ing favored the idea of holding a genuine
"indignation" meeting following the pub
lic reception. Mayor Maybury raised the
question, whether such expressions would
not embarrass and displease General Al
ger rather than otherwise, but the Gov- j
ernor's mass-meeting idea prevailed. v;. i
tion the first and most important of
Some exigency of Canadian politics
may account for Sir Wilfred Laurier's
pessimistic speech, but officials here
will not admit there is no longer hope
of reaching a settlement of the contro
versy by an amicable agreement.
It is recognized by the administration
that the boundary question is a difficult
one, as are other questions pending be
tween Canada and the United States,
but it is not regarded as impossible of
adjustment in some way satisfactory
to American miners and the Canadian
Government as well as the United
States and Great Britain. Some of the
questions at issue were more or less in
dependent, and it was intimated to me
that there was reason to hope a final
settlement of the boundary controversy
might grow out of this relation be
tween the pending questions
Th official who made this suggestion
would not say which side would prob
ably make the concessions on the
boundary questierm or what concessions
on some other point the other side
NEW LABOR
PARTI TO BE
ORGANIZED
Project Indorsed by Delegates
and a Convention Is
Called.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 23.— Hundreds
of delegates representing th
trades' unions in the Greater
New York were present to-day
at the regular meeting -of the
Central Federated Union, at which the
organization of the new labor parti
came up for discussion.
Th- project was enthusiastically in
dorsed by the delegates, a number of
speeches being made in its advocacy.
A convention was formally called for
August 7. The place of meeting to be
announced later. Every' union and re
form body in the city of New York
will be asked to send delegates and an
organization will be effected.
At the meeting to-day Samuel Prince,
president of the Central Federated
Union, presided.
Master Workman John M. Parsons
and District Master Workman Pines
were among the speakers, and the for
mer spoke strongly in favor of the new
political movement. He said the time
for action had arrived, and that the
unions of this city must either show
their power as American people, or go
down to destruction. He asked that a
treasurer be appointed to act as cus
todian of the fund to be raised to aid
the strikers. This was done and dele
gates of various unions then pledged
would make in return. It is felt by
officials of the administration gener
ally that, while it may take time and
the exercise of considerable patience to
work out a final solution of all pending
questions, such a solution will ulti
mat- be reached in a neighborly
spirit and without any clash or serious
straining of relations between the two
nations.
Senator Fairbanks, whose report
on, the • Alaskan boundary corn
personal observations, and who has
personal observations. and has
had great influence in determining the
policy c-f the administration, would not
discuss Sir Wilfred Laurier's speech,
nor would he make any comment on the
present situation, saying that all that
any member of the Joint Coram
could properly say regarding th" vari
ous questions before them was con
tained in the statement agreed to by
the two sides and given out at the time
of the adjournment of Congress last
winter.
It can be said, however, that Senator
Fairbanks is firmly of the opinion that
the boundary question can be settled
by amicable agreement if both sides
will exercise patience.
sums ranging from 5100 to 1500 each.
and gave assurances of more money if!
needed. It was decided also to institut-- '.
a boycott against the Second avenue'
line, the line affected in the present
strike in New York.
There was further --ilk on the strike I
and one of the delegates denounced the
Board of Alderman, saying:
"They had $150,000 to give to -tain I
Admiral Dewey, but not a penny for
the poor strikers. For them there'were
policemen's night sticks and prison
HORSES DISPLACED
BY THE AUTOMOBILE
Newport Society Leaders Empty Their
Stables to Make Room for Elec
tric Carriages.
NEWPORT. July a— The horse has be
gun to disappear from Newport before the
rush of the automobile Into popularity.
Mr. and Mrs. John R. Drexel, who had
as fine a string of horses as were ever
brought to Newport, have disposed of
some of their line stock to make room
in their stable at Ochre Point for elec
tric carriages.
The change is admitted to be a radical
one and is the prominent topic of conver
sation at clubs and dinner parties.
The Drexels are counted as among the
i leaders at Newport^ so he fashion they
; have set in displacing their horses by au
! tomobiles is likely to be foiiowed by many
j others, and it would not be surprising if
| horses were deported in large numbers
! before the season is at an end.
The Drexel stable is being changed
; about considerably to suit the idea of its
owner as to the proper means of loco
motion about town, while the few fillies
| that remain are having a doleful i m - of
j It, possibly wondering which is to go next.
j Mrs. Drexel received to-day a handsome
; automobile of the Stanhope phaeton va
j riety. which she will drive herself.
Mrs. Herman Oelrichs. whose rides on
I automobiles has been confined to^ unfre
| quented places, is now sufficiently eonfi
j dent of her skill to visit the busier parts
of the city. She astonished her friends
on Saturday by doing her shopping in her
automobile on crowded and narrow
i Thames street.
Don Carlos Leaves Venice.
ROME. July 23.— Don Carlos, the Span
ish pretender, has left Venice, ostensibly
for Austria. ';■:.'.:
STREETCAR
WRECKED BY
EXPLOSION
Serious Encounters Be
tween Mobs and Police
at Cleveland.
CLEVELAND, July 23.— A Euclid-avenue car loaded with passengers
was wrecked by an explosion of nitro-glycerine or guncotton shortly
before 11 o'clock to-night. Th.- injured:
MRS. K. C. MARTIN. 79 Alanson street; compound fracture of the
skull, right arm broken and internal injuries -which may prove fatal.
E. C. MARTIN, right arm badly cut and bruised about legs and body.
MRS. CATHERINE HARRIS. L's Cornwall street, suffering from
I
F. A. SMITH. 69 Vienna street, injured about legs and body.
ALBERT E. FASSETT, 1- Wallace place, legs injureri.
DORA SCHESSLER. 11 Allandale street, bruised about the body.
Last night it was learned that Mrs. Martin, on - of the injured, would
probably die. She suffered a compound fracture of the skull, had one
arm broken ami was otherwise injured. 'She was with her husband,
who was also badly hurt.
The explosion tore out the front end of the car, smashed all the
windows and destroyed the brake. After considerable difficulty the car
was stopped and a call for ambulances was sent out. The motorman,
William Draggers. who came from Cincinnati, was dazed by the shock,
but Conductor Frank Schroeder of St. Louis escaped injury.
The force of the explosion was so greal that it shook all the houses
in the neighborhood and was heard for a distance of two or three miles.
There is no clew to the identity of the person who placed the explosive
on the track. Pers-^ns living in the neighborhood say they saw a man
in a buggy stop at the corner of Kensington street, where the explosion
occurred, and get out by the railroad track. He remained there a
short time and then drove rapidly away.
Within a few minutes after the explosion a crowd of a thousand
people assembled and the injured, who were suffering from shock, were
cared for until the ambulances arrived. None of them were danger
ously injured, their hurts being confined to bruises about the feet and
legs." Mrs. Martin fainted before she was taken from the car. All '-re
taken to their homes in ambulances. The motorman on the car man
aged to get out of the vestibule of the car and then fell to the street, but
he quickly recovered and helped to extricate the pasengers from the
wreck. Passengers who were on the car say the explosion seemed to lift
the whole front end of the car. and it ripped up the floor for more than
half the distance from the front end. The car was. in fact, a com
plete wreck, but strange to say it did not leave the rails and was taken
to the barn's by the next outward-bound motor.
Th- police were quickly summoned to the scene of the explosion and
a force of men was detailed to investigate with a view of running down
the person who '-— d the explosive on the track. A boy living near
th- corner saw a mysterious man in the buggy. He said he noticed the
buggy drive up there 'and stop and saw the man get out. He fumbled
about the rails for a minute or two and then jumped into the buggy
and drove away at a gallop.
There seems to be no doubt now that Mayor Farley will call out
three or four militia companies in this city available in addition to those
already under arms. The call will include the battery of artillery and
the Governor may be requested to send other troops to the city.
CLEVELAND. July 23.— The riot
ing, which continued throughout J
last night, was renewed to-day,
and there were several serious
outbreaks of violence, but no
clashes between the mobs and the
troops. Cars were started running as
usual this morning on all but one or
two lines. The mobs were astir early.
Soon after 10 o'clock a thousand or
more persons gathered on Burton
street on the South "ide and proceeded
to obstruct the track. When a car
came along with two policemen on
board, it was attacked with a shower
of stones. In spite of the policemen the
non-union motorman and conductor
were roughly handled. One of them
named McDermott, had two ribs brok- j
en and the other was badly bruised. j
One of the policemen fired at the mob.
the bullet striking a man named -Vein- |
nick. The mob assaulted the officers, j
both of whom were struck repeatedly
with stones, and but for the interven
tion of a priest of the Catholic church,
the officers mieht have been lynched.
By this time the cars had been mixed
up in the melee and a patrol wagon of
police arrived, the rioters dispersed
and the cars were taken back to the
barns.
There was a serious disturbance on |
the Broadway line at the corner of j
trie street, where a mob of 3000 as- j
sembled in the forenoon and obstructed
the track. Finally a car came along
from the Wilson avenue barns having
on board Sergeant Burrows and a pri- j
vate of militia and Detective Kelsoe.
The officer ordered the mob to disperse j
when the motorman attempted to re- j
move the obstruct: from the track.
but the rioters showed fight. Then
Sergeant Burrows and the one soldier |
with bayonets, faced the mob and at- i
tempted to clear the way. There was
a sharp fight for a few minutes luring
which i perfect shower of stones fell
about the soldier and the detective
and the car windows. No
one was seriously hurt and after ar
resting two of 'he rioters and placing
them on the car. it was returned to the
barn. The police afterward charged
the mob. making several arrests. The
military on guard at the Holmendale
avenue, barns on the South Side were
annoyed during the greater part of the \
day by a jeering mob and fifteen ar- j
rests were mad- there with the assist
arice of the police.
In the afternoon a mob of 1000 con- j
ceived the idea of blocking the track
on Orange street by placing a big j
boulder in the middle of the street and j
building a fire around it. The plan
worked successfully and cars were de- j
layed for nearly an hour, when th po
lice drove the mob away and put out j
the fire. Three men were sent to the |
hospital with wounds made by police
men's clubs at the end of this riot.
As a result of the shooting of the j
driver of a grocery wagon in South
Brooklyn yesterday afternoon by a j
non-union conductor, the Mayor of that |
villas- to-day issued an order to the
Marshal to arrest all non-union con- j
ductors who carried concealed weapons.
Every car was stopped and each con
duct ' found with a revolver was ar
rested. All were subsequently bailed
out by the company.
A small riot was started at the corner
of Pear! street and Franklin avenue j
when a young woman struck a man who
asked her not to board a non-union car.
A crowd of union sympathizers stoned {
the car and a squad of police finally j
cleared th- street.
The company to-day sent a note to
the State Board of Arbitration declining
to arbitrate the differences, in which it
says:
"This company, fully appreciating the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
sincerity of your desire to bring about
a readjustment with its former em
ployes begs to say that the men who
went out on Monday last are not in
the employ of the company and there
Is nothing to negotiate about or arbi
trate."
In the vicinity of the Holmden-ave
nue barns to-night there was continu
ous rioting for three or . four hours.
Every car that passed was attacked
with stones and several pistol shots
were fired at them. There was a lively
fusillade at one time, the non-union
crews returning the fire. The only
person hurt was a woman, who was
shot In the finger as she stood in her
doorway. The police made twenty-five
arrests in that neighborhood.
Rioting continued all along Broadway
to-night. and it took three squads of
police as many hours to escort three
cars a distance of four miles to the
barns. Fifteen or twenty of the rioters
were taken into custody.
TROLLEY CARS ARE
RUNNING IN BROOKLYN
NEW YORK. July 23.— The fact that
cars were run on all Brooklyn lines
under headway to-day shows that th
strike is practically lead. To the sea
side resorts traffic was more general
than it was last Sunday, but the public
did not take advantage of the Im
proving service, probably owing to the
fear of possible disturbances, which
have so far marked the aftermath of
- ike.
Strike leaders admit that the Brook
lyn Lapid Transit Company ran more
cars to the seaside resorts to-day than
on any day since the strike was de
clared. President Rossiter was jubilant
on Saturday before leaving for Cold
Springs, and reiterated the statement
that the strike practically was over.
He said:
"The strikers have prided themselves
on the fact hat they had been able
to tie up traffic to Coney Island, but
they cannot boast of that now. for to
morrow we will be able to carry all the
passengers who want to go to the isl
and or other resorts near the sea. I
am sorry for " men who were led
astr; >v professional agitators. I am
still willini to take back the men who
left their positions on the Brooklyn
Heights lines, but I am determined that
none Of the Nassau line men will be
reinstated as motormen or conductors."
In strike headquarters the men of
the Nassau line assembled to-day.
Master Workman Parsons did not ap
pear. District Master Workman Pines
was busy trying to encourage the strik
ers. He told them that even if th
strike should be unsuccessful they
would still have the satisfaction of
knowing that they had rebelled against
the evil system of hours and wages
introduced and maintained by Rossiter.
Mr. Pines added that if a certain sec
tion of th- press and corporations
fancied that the strike would be over
In a 'lay of two they would soon dis
cover that they were badly mistaken.
He also said that by Tuesday or
Wednesday all of the lines of the
Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company
would be tied up as tight as a drum.
GARMENT WORKERS
DEMAND AN INCREASE
NEW YORK, July 23.— About 2500
clothing workers in three branches of
that industry struck to-day, and a
member of the executive committee of
Tailors* Progressive Union No. 11 said
to-night that 14.000 will be out within
twenty-four hours. Twenty-five thou
sand may be en strike within two
weeks.
One thousand . members of Tailors'
Progressive Union No. 11, in twenty
six shops, struck for 25 per cent in
crease in wages.
Six hundred coat presser3 went on2
strike in the afternoon. Seven hun
dred will go on strike to-morrow. They
have been getting 7 nts a piece -for
coats and want 2 cents more. The
pressers press on an average twenty
coats per day.
Eight hundred basters hold a meeting
to-day and about 300 men went out on
strike. They want shorter hours.
Twelve thousand men connected with
the United Brotherhood of Cloak
makers will hold 500 shop meetings
within the next two weeks for the pur
pose of formulating new wage lists. It
is believed that it will be necessary to
order strikes to enforce the new sched
ule.
DEPARTMENT WILL
ARM FOUR YACHTS
WASHINGTON, July 23.-That they
may 1.- more effective for the service in
tended, the Navy Department proposes to
arm four yachts which are to do service
in Central American waters in case of
emergency, with formidable batteries
The Dorothea will be most heavily
armed. She will be supplied with six
six-pounders and four Colt automatic
machine guns, a very heavy armament
for such comparatively small craft. The
Frolic will be supplied with four six
pounders and two Colts. The Hawk will
receive two six-pounders and two Colts,
and the Viking will probably have a simi
lar battery. : -*.- > V
It is proposed to keep these ships In
such a state af readiness that they can
be placed it: commlsison within forty
eight hours and start for any point on the
Central American coast where a man-of
war .nay be needed. The Vixen Is now at
fields, pending the settlement of the
dispute between the t'nited States and
Nicaragua regarding the payment by
American merchants of double duties on
i m life] pfl coofl *s
All the vessels are light of draught, rang
ing from eight and a half to twelve feet,
and they are consequently able to ret
closer to shore than a regular man-of
war.
BUSINESS OF THE
NATIONAL COMMITTEE
CHICAGO, July 23.— The following sign
ed statement by the national committee
men from Mr. Bryan's home State has
been issued:
"The meeting of the National Demo
cratic Committee was a grand success,
everything for which the meeting was
called being attended to. This call was
made at the instance of the friends of
bimetallism and those friends controlled
it throughout. There seemed to be some
of the friends of our cause who had con
ceived the idea that the intention was to
switch issues and lead as well as work
ers, a conclusion without the slightest
foundation. The call was made for the
purpose of pushing the ays and means
plans for organization and raising money
for the campaign of l;**) and perfecting
this work so that it might be extended
into every State and Territory. This was
accomplished. No one who supported
Bryan in 1896 need fear that that cause
will be abandoned or in any way hamper
ed by the present committee.
"W. H. THOMPSON.
National Committeeman from Nebras
ka."
.
Appended is a statement signed by Coin
Harvey: "The National <"ommitteo meet
ing as satisfactory. Its organization is
in th-: hands of friends of Mr. Bryan
and the cause he represents."
DISASTER ON AN
AUSTRIAN TORPEDO BOAT
POLA Austria. July 23.-One of the
boilers on the Austrian torpedo boat Adler
exploded to-day while the vessel was off
the Island of TorcolaJ in the Adriatic Sea.
killing a lieutenant and four members of
the crew.
STEEL MAST IS READY.
BRISTOL., R. 1,. July _3.-Tho new cup
defender Columbia came up from New- |
port this afternoon in tow of her tender i
and anchored about half a mile off the j
Herreshoft dock. The new steel mast Is |
completed and ready for stepping, but j
first the Columbia will be hauled out on j
the ways for a short distance that her I
underbelly may be cleaned.' The cradle
for hauling her out is all ready, and it
Is expected that as soon as the pine mast
is take out she will 1..- hauled up for her j
cleaning.
The steel mast will not be stepped until
she is again in the water, which will j
probably be about Wednesday. It is ex
pected that the changes in her rigging
will all be completed by Thursday or Fri
day and that she will be ready to race !
the Defender again on Saturday off Mew- j
port.
MARTINELLI SINGS MASS.
MADISON, Wis.. July 23.— The most no
table service in the history of Western
Catholicism occurred here to-day when
Apostolic Delegate Martinelli, attended by
a distinguished retinue of Archbishops,
Bishops and priests, sang pontifical mass
in St. Raphael's Church. The big edifice
was crowded to the doors. Bishop Burke
of St. Joseph, Mo., preached the sermon.
Pontifical vespers were held this evening.
-•
Summer Bible Institute.
SANTA CRUZ. July 23.— The Summer
Bible Institute was opened to-day In the
auditorium at Twin Lakes, and was well
attended. At 10 o'clock a boys' and girls'
Bible class was conducted by D. P. Ward
and Mrs. B. F. Farmer. The topic of the
Introductory stud;.- at 11 o'clock was
"Jesus in the Four Gospels." by Rev.
Robert Whit taker of Oakland. At half
past 5 lock a vesper service was con
ducted by Rev. H. F. Farmer. The even-
Ing service opened With a devotional meet
ing and a. 8 o'clock a sermon was
preached by Rev. B. F. Huddle
Funeral of Ashley Cameron.
CENTRE VILLE, July 23.— The largest
funeral held in this township in years
occured to-day, when the body of Ashley
Cameron was buried in the cemetery at
Irvington. Cameron was one of the old
fit pioneers of this end of Alameda Coun
ty, having lived on one ranch for forty
years. In l v ._ he and his brother drove
stage from Oakland to San Jose, and he
was known far and near. His son, (Car
lisle Cameron, was killed In the Pinole
explosion some time ago.
Steamer Cutch Disabled.
SEATTLE. July 23.— The steamer Hum
boldt, from Skaguay, .Alaska, reports the
steamer Cutch disabled at Safety Cove,
this Ide '•! Hatterton Island. The quad
rant on her reversing gear is broken, and
she is lying at anchor awaiting assist
from Vancouver. She has sixty passen
gers aboard, but is in no uanger.
HOT WATER IN THE
CENTER OF A LAKE
Volcanic Crater Believed to Under-
lie a Reservoir Formed by
Nature.
.* BOISE, Idaho, July 23.— A remarkable discovery has been made by SS
fi a party of engineers who were sent out in the interest of the proposed S
$5 Idaho Midland Railroad. Near the Boise-Blaine county line they £
i% camped beside a lake in which they bathed. One of the more venture- 'i*
£j some of the party swam out a considerable distance, and encountered a &
£ current of very warm water. §
_* The engineers built a raft and went out to investigate. They discov- 88
fi ered that a body of hot water was being belched up In the middle of the 0
■** lake. They let down a rope over 150 feet long, with a rock tied to the -55
& end, and it did not touch bottom. Outside the hot water area the depth ®
? of the lake is only about twenty-five feet. The water is cold, moderately £
V. so even near the heated circumference, but almost too cold to bathe j.
0 in nearer the shores. 0
it When the rock was pulled up it was found to be too. hot to lay *•
fi hands upon. A thermometer was then sent down attached to the rock," &
0 and it showed a temperature of over 170 degrees Fahrenheit. The lake £>
•5 is believed to be over a crater of red hot rocks. _A more extended inves- &S
fi tigation is to be made as soon as possible. S
GOVERNOR TANNER
MAY BE ARRESTED
Illinois Executive Want
ed in Colorado.
— • —
KILLED DEER OUT OF SEASON
— —
STATE GAME WARDEN TAKES
UP THE CASE.
-
■ ♦——
Penalty for the Violation of Law In
cludes a Term of From Ten
Days to Six Months
in Jail.
Special Pispatch to The Call.
DENVER, July 23.— Governor Tanner of
) Illinois may be compelled to return from '■
California by a route that will not bring j
i him through Colorado. Should he come |
through this State lie will be arrested for
violation of the game law in having killed
a four-pronged buck deer out of season.
In the excitement of the chase the Illi
nois executive was carried away and
added the hide and head of a fine buck
to his trophies. The law is very severe
; on this infraction and the people of Colo- |
rado have spent thousands of dollars in
trying to enforce it, going so far as to
arrest army officers from Fort Duchesne
for having "killed game while rounding up.
Ctes and sending them back to their res
ervation.
The news of Governor Tanner's action
j reached Denver to-day and the game
I warden hastened to the scene to procure
j evidence to convict the entire party,
I includes several ladies. An attempt to kill
| game out of season counts the same as
iif the hunters were successful. The pen- j
| alty is ten days to six months in jail and .
i a fine of $10 to $100 for each offense. Half
of the fine goes to the informant, and thus I
clemency on the part of the Governor j
could save the offender.
Fortunately for Governor Tanner he left !
I for California last night and is safe for j
j the present. The fact that the shooting j
| was done on a private reserve known as I
j Glen Beulah Park makes no difference.;
but will probably result in the license of |
i the park being revoked, as it was dis
| tinctly pledged that there would be no '
. shooting out of season.
LEAGUERS ADJOURN TO
MEET IN SAN FRANCISCO
INDIANAPOLIS, July 23.— Epworth
League convention formally adjourned to
night, to meet in San Francisco In 1901.
The work was practically ended last night.
The final session was devoted to ad
dresses on "Missions."
incoming trains to-day brought hun
dreds of visitors, and it was estimated
that the number of delegates had reached
the -ej.OOO mark. The visiting men filled
city pulpits in the morning, and the aft
ernoon was devoted to missionary confer
ences. To-night four different meetings
were held.
At the close of the farewell addresses
consecration services were held. These
services consisted of testimonies by the
delegates, hundreds if whom spoke in all
of the four meetings. At the close the
benediction was pronounced and the con
vention adjourned. The delegates will
leave the city to-morrow.
FOUND DEAD IN A CREEK.
SONOMA. July 23.— The lifeless body of
Henry Zeutner, who was employed as
stevedore for the schoofier mr Sisters
at the lower landing near Embarcadero,
was discovered last evening In the creek
near the wharf by Miss Alma Hotts,
daughter of the captain of the schooner
who had gone to call him to supper.
Zeutner had been engaged in chiseling out
a scantling on the side of the wharf. To
reach the scantling he had a ladder set
ting in the creek and resting against the
wliarf. On this he stood while working
with tie chisel and hammer. It is sup
posed that he was attacked by an epilep
tic lit and fell backward into the water,
as he was found face up with his eyes
closed and limbs drawn up.
Zeutner was a native of Germany, 39
years old and unmarried.
ENDS LIFE WITH A BULLET.
REDDING, July 23.— John Pfarr was
found dead this morning by the roadside
belOW lldwood Park, with a bullet-hole
through his temple. The fatal wound was
inflicted by his own hand. He was a
member of the San Francisco Journeymen
Butchers' Protective and Benevolent As
sociation. He arrived two days ago o
take a position with Nordyke & New
som. He went Into the shop, told who lie
was, hung up an overcoat and said he
would be back Immediately after break
fast. He never returned. Inquiries were
made, but without avail. The cause of
suicide is unknown.
CRISIS NOW IN SIGHT.
LONDON, July 24.— Times' Pretoria
correspondent says the Outlanders have
been given to understand that no abate
ment of the demands made by Sir Alfred
Milner, Governor of Cape Colony and
British High Commissioner for South
Africa, will be acceptable to the imperial
authorities. A crisis is therefore now held
to be In sight.
Smiley's Fatal Carelessness.
REDDING, July 23.— Additional details
show that Foreman Smiley of the night
shift was responsible for the explosion
at the quarry at Iron Mountain yester
day. Smiley rammed twenty-five pounds
of powder into a blast hole with a steel
spoon. A spark was struck from the rock
and the explosion followed, killing Worth
R. Brown, 21 years old, blowing fin
gers off Smiley's right hand and badly
injuring William Nye. Brown had lee.
working for the copper company only
twelve hours. \k
Injured Man's Sad Plight.
SAN BERNARDINO. July 22.— John F.
Garner has a pumping plant for irriga
tion, run by electric power, but cannot
get power except from midnight to morn
ing. He went to turn it on hist night,
going down to the bottom of a forty-foot
shaft, where the pump is placed. He was
caught in the shaft and whirled around,
breaking one arm in several places before
be could let loose. He called for help,
but lay there till daylight before any one
came. He is seriously Injured Internally
and is not expected to live.
THE SAIN FRAIn CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 24, 1899.
AFTER A NIGHT OF MERRIMENT
CADETS BREAK CAMP.
SANTA CRUZ, July 23.— With the
cheers of the residents of this city
in their ears and amid a fluttering
of handkerchiefs in the hands of
fair admirers, the members of the
League of the Cross Cadets took
their departure from Santa Cruz, where
they had been enjoying one week of camp
life. Never before in the history of this
city has such a representative crowd
gathered at the depot to give a parting
cheer to a military organization. Their
presence was another evidence of the high
esteem in which the regiment is held by
them. .
The scenes attendant on the closing of
their annual encampment were interest
ing and picturesque. Immediately after
church service the boys began to prepare
for home. Boxes were packed, decora
tions used in the celebration of last night
were taken down and everything placed
in readiness for a hasty departure. Lunch
eon was partaken of at 11:30 by the regi
ment, and the last meal in camp was
quieter than expected. The boys content
ed themselves with crying for sugar, and
then decided to carry home with them a
souvenir of their vacation. The tlncups
which held the coffee were seized on, and
when the cadets left their tables each boy
had a cup concealed about his person.
At 9 o'clock a military mass was cele
brated in the Dolphin boathouse by
Father Dempsey. As on the previous
Sunday] the hall was crowded to its doors.
Father Dempsey was the celebrant oi tne
mass and Father McNamee preached the
sermon on the gospel of the day. Harry
Sullivan and Johnny Choyneux served the
mass, and Sergeant Harry Owen beat the
rolls at the consecration, and again at
communion, and the entire command
raised its sabers to present at the con
secration in honor of the Blessed Sacra
ment At the conclusion of the services
Colonel Sullivan addressed the regiment
and Instructed them on the manner In
which they were to break camp, the hour
of dropping tents and the time depar
ture. lie suggested to the line officers
that they detail men from their companies
to see that the staff officers tents were
lowered at the preconcerted signal as the
latter might not have the willingness to
do it as readily as they did last night.
This shot at the staff officers, who were
mainly guilty of lowering tents over the
heads" of their occupants in the still hours,
RETURNS A BLOW
WITH A BULLET
Rancher Storm Shools
His Nephew.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WATSONVILLE, July 23. Peter Storm,
one of th.- leading farmers of this valley.
shot his nephew. Lawrence Struve, also a
preeminent farmer, In the Bank Exchange
saloon at 10 o'clock last night. A bullet
from a 38-caliber pistol entered Struve's
left side and penetrated the lung. Drs.
Waiters and BJxby later removed the bul
let from Struve's back, and he will un
doubtedly recover.
The Struve and Storm families have for
several years past quarreled over domestic
and business troubles. Last night, just
before leaving town tor homer Storm en
tered the saloon, In which Struve was
standing, and asked for a drink. While
the barkeeper was preparing the mixture
Storm and his nephew engaged in an al
tercation. Struve struck Storm. The elder
man drew his pistol quickly and fired. He
lore he could shoot a second time by
standers seized and held him.
Storm surrendered himself, and later
was released by Judge Hawlsln on $3000
bail. ;
CABLE LINE TO BE
LAID TO SKAGUAY
SKAGUAY, Alaska, July 18, via Van
couver, B. C. July 23.— The Dominion
Government telegraph line is now com
pleted to Five Fingers and is progressing
so rapidly that messages may be sent
over it from Skaguay to Dawson In less
than two months from date.
Two representatives of a company which
claims to have a concession for a ca .•■
from Vancouver to this port are now here
They say steps will very shortly be taken
to begin the laying of the cable. Much
London capital is said to have been sub
scribed for this cable in order that the
mining market of London may be in tele
grapnic communication with the gold
fields of the Interior.
Addison J. Hill. In charge of the large
hardware business of Allen Brothers, was
this morning found dead In his bed at
the rear of the store. The Coroner's ver
dict was that Mr. Hill had shot himself
while temporarily insane. Hill came from
Everett, Wash.
STRANDED AT ST. MICHAEL.
FORT SCOTT. Kans.. July 23.—
members of the Sunflower Mining Com
pany, who left this place for Alaska
elghten months ago. sailing in their own
steamer from San Francisco, are stranded
at St. Michael, on their way home. The
company started with plenty of money
and provisions for two years. It spent the
winter on the Jvoyukuk River. 2300 miles
above St. Michael and WO miles above the
furthest point it could reach by boat.
The first news from the party in many
months was received to-day, and it tells
of suffering and hardships. All their
money was spent in prospecing. but no
gold was found. .There were from one to
three deaths in all the companies in that
region. The men became helpless from
scurvy. The doctor said only vegetable
food would save them, and two compan
ions went 110 miles for potatoes.
TACOMA, July 23.- Rudolph Kraft of
Los Angeles is here, en route from Cop
per River to his home. He tells a -story of
terrible hardship and suffering. Fourteen
months ago he and seven others crossed
Valdes glacier, finally reaching Quart-
Creek, 200 miles above Copper River's
mouth. They found gold in small quan
tities. While they were mining a big
boulder rolled down the mountan side and
crushed Kraft's thigh. He. was carried
and rafted 200 miles to Valdes, suffering
intense agony. The bone knit badly, leav
ing the broken leg two inches shorter
than the other. At Portland he will have
it broken and reset. Kraft advises all to
keep away from Copper River.
SIERRA ROAD TO BE
EXTENDED TO ANGELS
JAMESTOWN. July 23.— T. S. Bullock,
general .manager of the Sierra Railway,
says the contract for grading the branch
I line from Jamestown to Angels was let
on July 21 to Campbell & Buckman of
j San Francisco. • The new line will be nine
i teen miles long. Starting from the pas
senger station in Jamestown, it will cross
Table Mountain in a deep cut near t.ie
Rawhide mine, pass through Tuttletown
I and thence to Robinsons Ferry, where ..he
i Stanislaus will be crossed by a bridge.
i The road will continue up Carson Creek to
j Angels. The contract calls for the build
• ing of the grade In five months. Work
i will commence next week. The line fol
-1 lows the mother lode the entire distance.
Chinese Ends His Life.
SACRAMENTO. July 23.— Fong Ah
Leung, a member of the Bing Hong So
ciety, committed suicide this afternoon by
shooting. He died a few minutes after,
firing the shot, lie had been afflicted
with stomach trouble for a year and kill
ed himself to end his misery. He was
about 35 years old.
Kaiser's Trip to Cowes.
i Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett. I
COWES, July 23.— The Emperor of Ger
many will arrive here on Friday next, the
same date as the Prince of Wales, and
will remain until the Thursday following.
CLOSING SCENES AT CAMP FALLON.
of the night, caused a titter to run
through the regiment and brought smiles
to the faces of the audience.
At 2 p. m. the bugle sounded retreat,
and as the last notes of the familiar call
died away "Baby Dewey" boomed its last
charge, and at the preconcerted signal the
tents on either side of the tall llagpolo
fell toward it. The ceremony was wit
nessed by many thousands, who came to
Santa Cruz to see the cadets in camp.
Three excursion trains poured their
human freight into the town, and one
half visit..! Camp Fallon. The work of
storing, wrapping and marking tentij and
TRIAL MAY END
IN BLOODSHED
Situation in Kentucky
Grows Serious.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Ky., July 23.— The gravity of
the situation at Manchester, Ky., and
generally throughout Clay County cannot
be overestimated. It is felt profoundly
here, twenty-six miles away. Many non
combatants have left their homes, aban
doning their crops, and as many others
as can will leave soon. Even here' in Lon
don the Insecurity is felt to such an ex
tent that some families are leaving.
An outbreak is expected to-morrow, the
day set for the trials of the Thilpots. ac
cused of killing Aaron Morris and others.
Both parties are mustering armed
forces for marching Into Manchester to
morrow morning. The Philpots have
fifty-two armed horsemen arid no one
knows how many footmen. The Morris
and Griffin factions also have a large
force. The Philpots say the latter in
cludes the White-Howard faction. On the
other hand the Morris faction says that
the Bakers have made common cause
with the Philpots. Both sides will march
fully arm.-d into Manchester, arriving at
9 o'clock in the morning, to attend the
trial. It is stated that Deputy Sheriff
Davis Chadwell of the White-Howard fac
tion has openly espoused the cause of the
Griffiths.
It is hard for the people to conceive how
under these circumstances a conflict can
be avoided to-morrow.
LADS SUSPECTED OF
STEGEMEYER MURDER
Result of the Inquiry Into the Kill
ing of the Humboldt
Rancher.
DARBYVILLE, July 23— The investiga
tions of District Attorney Cooper and
Sheriff Brown into the death of C. H.
Stegemeyer have led them to believe that
the dead man was murdered by some one
who stood behind a burnt stump which
forms part of the fence around his house
and is about eighty feet from the porch.
The first bullet Brazed Stogemeyer's right
hand and entered the lower part of his
back, coming out below the stomach and
on the left sub. The second bullet passed
about two inches over his head. The two
shots were heard by some of the neigh
bors, who say they were fired about 5
o'clock Friday evening.
It is believed lo- the officers that after
Stegemeyer had been shot his assailants
carried him from the porch into ins own
bedroom and laid him upon -, ie floor there.
He was found lying on a piece of carpet
with his head resting upon a pillow. The
doors had been left unsecured, and some
hogs had gotten into the house. They had
eaten off a portion of the. dead man's nose
and one of Ids ears.
The funeral was held to-day, and was
attended by nearly every one in the town.
Stegemeyer was not a popular man, but
the tragic nature of his death attracted a
great many wine knew but little of him.
As there was no minister available, the
prayers over h.m were read by Samuel
Da hie, a merchant of this place.
The Inquest will be opened to-morrow
morning at 8 o'clock. So far no one has
been arrested, but the officers arc work
ing on a clew that may lead to the appre
hension of two lads who were known to be
on very unfriendly terms with the mur
dered man.
SHOT BY HER BROTHER.
SAN ANSELMO, July 23.— Annie Dooley,
the- 16-year-old daughter of Frank Dooley.
who keeps a coalyard at Thirteenth and
Mission streets in San Francisco, was se
riously wounded by her 8-year-old broth
er, Frank, yesterday while the boy was
shooting at a mark on a tree.
The family is at "Camp Royal." a tent
ed residence near the railway station at
San Anselmo. While the boy was trying
his' target rifle the train from San Fran
cisco whistled and the girl came out from
her tent to cross to the station, where she
expected to meet some friends. She
crossed her brother's target, range just as
he tired. The bullet struck her in the side,
between the sixth and seventh ribs. . It
was at first decided to take her to St.
Luke's hospital to have the bullet extract
ed, but her condition became so preca
rious that it was found imposible to move
her. It is not expected that she will sur
vive. :;:"-'
♦ ■
BEAR KILLS THREE INDIANS.
TACOMA, July What is believed to
have been the largest grizzly bear ever
killed in Alaska was shot on Admiralty
Island several weeks ago. by Wrangel In
dians, after . a terrible fight, in which
three of the redskins were killed. Though'
the surviving Indians have been unwil
ling to tell the story of their fight in de
tail, it is known that a party of six or
eight Indians found bruin near the shore
and tracked him into the deep woods.
After having been wounded, tha animal
fought desperately. One Indian was kill
ed outright and two others died subse
quently from their injuries.
The bear's skin measured eight feet in
width and is two inches over ten feet long
from nose to tail. The bear weighed over
ISOO pounds. The skin was sold In Juneau
for $75 and thence was sent south.
The Dreyfus Court-Martial.
PARIS, July 23.— 1t is announced that
the Dreyfus court-martial at Rennes will
open on August 7
boxes was concluded at 2:30, and Colonel
Sullivan decided to have a final dress pa
rade before the departure of the regi
ment. The crowds which filled the grand
stand and bleachers were larger than
they have been in the past week or at any
big ball game.
During the interesting ceremony the
colonel complimented the boys on their
good behavior and also on their splendid
showing. He called for cheers for Santa
Cruz and for the ladies of that city. They
were given with a will by the cadets, who
in turn cheered their commander.
-♦-<$> -♦-$>-♦-<•> -♦-<»-♦-<•>-♦ -•>-»— t- -*-4>~tt- Q
The trip to this city was without Inci
dent. The boys amused themselves cheer
ing and singing and having a merry time
generally. On their arrival in this city
the regiment marched out Market street
with banners flying and to the sound of
martial music. Cheering and waving
handkerchiefs greeted the cadets on their
homecoming. All the boys are bronzed
from their outing and are in the best of
health. Drs. Morrisey and Sullivan had
no hard duties to perform at the camp, as
it was Healthy. The boys are desirous of
returning to Santa Cruz for their next
outing.
PECK A STRANGER
TO TAMMANY MEN
Mystery of the Muekross
Estate Sale.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July Tammany men
have not yet recovered from the surprise
they experienced over the announcement
yesterday that A. M. Peck of Cohoes, ...
V., had bought the Muckross estate, on
which is situated the Lakes of Killarney.
None of the Tammany men who spent
Sunday in this city seemed to know Jr.
Peck, and they could not tell if he was
acting on behalf of the Tammany syndi
cate recently formed to buy the Lakes of
Killarney.
James J. Coogan. president of the bor
ough of Manhattan and one of the Tam
many men Interested in the project, was
able to throw no light on the mystery. He
said: *
"When Mr. Purke Roche first came to
see me in regard to the purchase of the
property he said that the attractiveness
of the lakes and their beautiful and
picturesque scenery was the principal
source of revenue to that portion of Ire
land, of which he was a representative in
the House of Parliament, ami that, if a
private individual should be the pur
chaser, tourists would I"- denied access to
this romantic spot, and consequently
moneys now distributed there by visitors
would be cut. off and his' constituents
would be placed in dire distress.
"Upon his statement of these facts a
meeting was held at my residence on
Fifth avenue, at which were present so.no
of the most representative citizens of New
York, who signified their willingness to
contribute sufficiently toward the pur
chase of the lakes. Thus their source of
revenue would be maintained. Two sub
sequent meetings were held, and at the
last one it was determined that this pur
chase should be made by general sub
scription, and a delegation was appointed
to call upon John F. Carroll for the pur
pose of submitting this project to him.
"As the matter was left entirely in his
hands he sent a representative of Tarn
manv Hall abroad to negotiate for the
purchase of the Lakes of Killarney. it is
possible that A. ("J. Peck may have been
the man selected, but if Mr. Carroll is
seen he can answer this question for him-
if."
ELECTRIC CARS MEET
IN A HEAD-ON COLLISION
LOS ANGELES. July 23.— Two rapidly
moving Santa Monica electric cars crashed
into each other head on at 6:45 o'clock this
evening on the single track near the cor
ner of Sixteenth and Hoooper streets. The
car coming from Santa Monica was dense
ly crowded, passengers being jammed in
the aisles and hanging on the platforms.
The westbound train consitsed of a motor
car and a trailer. The twenty or more
passengers upon it were hurt but little,
the chief sufferers be ing those on the east
bound car, who were tumbled over the
seats, cut by flying glass and splinters
and bruised in the shock and panic.
The motorman of the westbound car is
supposed to have expected the eastbound
car to wait on the double track
for him to pass. When a collision seemed
imminent both motormen tried to stop,
but too late to prevent the accident. No
one -was dangerously Injured.
THROWS HER SKIRT
OVER A BEAR'S HEAD
BOISE, Idaho, July 23.— Rare presence
of mind saved the life of Mrs. Flora Jen
nison, who was with a party camping on
Clear Creek, Idaho. She was out in a
huckleberry patch when she ran across a
bear with cubs. The mother bear, with a
vicious snarl, made for her. Mrs. Jennl
son tore off her skirt and threw it over
the bear's head. While the enraged bear
was tearing the garment to pieces in an
effort to extricate Itself the woman fled
down the hill to the camp. Some of the
men hearing her screams started out with
their guns and" met her. They went on,
killed the. bear and captured the cubs,
which Mrs.- Jennison is now raising on a
,bottle. '
GRIEF LEADS TO SUICIDE.
SACRAMENTO, July 23.— John G. Davis,
who since 1889 has been . Justice of the
Peace of.Cosumnes township. In the east
ern part of this county, committed suicide
at his' residence near Michigan Bar this
evening by swallowing strychnine.
About six weeks ago Justice Davis lost
his wife, to whom he was passionately at
tached, and since that time he has "been
despondent. He was about 65 years of
age and was. a veteran of the civil war.
PRESIDENT DIAZ HONORED.
CHICAGO, July 23.— President Diaz of
Mexico and his Cabinet will be formally
Invited to attend the ceremonies of the
laying of the cornerstone. of the new Fed
eral building in Chicago on October 9 by
a committee of representative Chicago
men, who leave this city for that purpose
August sth.
Los Angeles Again Shaken.
LOS ANGELES, July Another slight
earthquake shock was experienced at 8:45
a. m in this city and vicinity. The vibra
tions were from north to south.
LYNCHERS SCALP
THEIR VICTIMS
Three Negroes Done to
Death.
— — —
OTHERS ARE IN DANGER
— ♦ —
VENGEANCE OF THE MOB NOT
YET APPEASED.

G rgia Whites Mete Out Swift Pun
i_-.ment for a Bruta. Attack
Upon the Wife of a
Citizen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAIXBRIDGE. Ga.. July 23.— _ i.ree ne
groes were lynched during last night n^ar
Saffold, Ga., and the mob is hunting for
five more who are believed to have been
members of a ; - that robbed J. i-. Ogle
tree, agent of the Plant System at Saf
fold Saturday night, afterward binding
him and assaulting his wife in his pres
ence. Since the crime was committed
hunting parties have been out in search of
the guilty negroes.
One of the negroes appeared at an old
darky's hut near Brinson, Ga., and asked
to be harbored. Tn-- old man went to
Brinson and informed the authorities of
his presence. A posse returned with him
and captured the negro, who gave his
name as __ouis Sammin. The man was
taken to Saffold, where he was identified
by Mr. and Mrs. Ogletree as one of their
assailants. He said there were eight ne
groes in his gang, and that they came
from Augusta. He said two of tiw gang
were not far away.
One portion of the mob went in pursuit
of these two while the other hanged Sam
min and riddled his body wit. bullets.
The other two were overtaken, shot and
scalped, a party bringing their scalps to
Saffold this evening.
One hundred men with poinds are
after the remaining rive members of the
gang, and if caught they will be lynched.
HUNDREDS VIEW THE
BODY OF INGERSOLL
No Arrangements Have Yet Been
Made for the Disposition of
the Remains.
NEW YORK, July 23— The body of Rob
ert G. Ingersoll lay on an improvised bier
to-day in the bedroom in which he died,
at the home of Walston H. Brown, his
son-in-law, in Dobbs Ferry. Many men of
all sorts and conditions, but mostly hum
ble toilers, made the pilgrimage to Dobbs
Ferry in the hope that they might be per
mitted to gaze once more on the noted
agnostic. In no instance- was the request
refused. No arrangements whatever have
yet been made concerning the funeral.
Mrs. Ingersoll and ncr daughters, Mrs.
Brown and Miss Maude Ingersoll, are still
too much overcome with sorrow to con
sider the matter.
"They cannot tear themselves from the
beloved dead." said Mr. Farrell to-night.
"They have not left the chamber since
he passed away, except to go into an ad
joining room when visitors who wished to
'see nim called. They cannot reconcile
themselves *> the Idea that they must part
with him, and all allusions to the removal
of the body only cause a distressing out
burst of grief. It may be a few days be
fore they are calm enough to discuss the
steps that necessarily soon must be taken
for the removal of the body."
Mr. Farrell expressed the conviction
that the body will be cremated. If it is
not. it will ice buried in Sleepy Hollow
Cemetery at Tarry town, where Washing
ton Irving rests. If any funeral exercises
are held it is expected that John Clark
Ridpath will deliver the eulogy. At the
request of the family George Grey Bar
nard, the sculptor, who was a warm per
sonal friend of the colonel, will visit the
house to-morrow and make a death
mask.
DAY OF SERVICES
AT GARFIELD PARK
Hundreds of Communicants Gather to
Partake of the Lord's
Supper.
SANTA CRUZ, July 23. Sunday is al
ways a big day during convention week
of the Christian churches at Garfield
Park. It is a day of services, commencing
with a sunrise prayer meeting at 6:30
o'clock in the morning. At 9:30 o'clock
there was a monster Sunday-school meet
ing. All the children on the grounds, and
the elder persons as well, participated in
the service, which was led by the Rev. 11.
C. Ingratiam of Irvington. The morning
sermon was by Rev. F. M. Kirkham.
At 3 o'clock the celebration of the Holy
Communion occurred. The service was
conducted by Rev. L. B. Wilkes of Stock
ton and E. G. Hall of San Jose. There
were hundreds of communicants.
At the Christian Endeavor meeting this
evening the topic was "Honoring the
Lord's Day." Many young people gave
testimony to the grace of the Redeemer.
The sermon at night was by Rev. T. A.
Bovcr of Stockton.
The Ministerial Union has selected its
officers as follows: President, Rev. W. H.
Martin, Fresno; first vice president. Rev.
A. M. Elston, Berkeley; second vice presi
dent. Rev. J. A. Brown. Wheatland: third
vice president. Rev. Eli Fisher, Salinas.
secretary. Rev. Glenn McWilllams, Sara
toga; treasurer, Rev. J. Durham, Irving
ton; chairman council of ten, Rev. R. N.
Davis, Gilroy.
The Christian Endeavorers of the State
have chosen the officers for the coming
year: ~i--.'
President, Dr. J. IL Durham of Trving
ton: first vice president, G. M. i>urdick of
San Jose; second vice president, Charles
Murdock of Fresno; responding secre
tary, G. W. Mclntyre of Salinas; treas
urer, Dr. J. Hodgins of San Francisco,
secretary. Miss Ada Morse of Palo Alto;
junior superintendent. Mrs. Henry Shadle
iof Sacramento; assistant. Miss Nellie
i Booth of Napa; district managers— Sacra-
I mento district. Miss Frances Tate of Co
lusa; Fresno district, Joseph Landrum of
i Fresno; San Jose district, J. A. Follett of
Los Gatos: Bay district. Miss Vesta Vail
of Berkeley; Napa district, Miss Pearl
Hendrickson of Santa Rosa; press corre
spondent, C. U. Jopson of Los Gatos.
TO KEEP OUT CHINESE.
Port Officials Ordered to Enforce
Strict Regulations.
TACOMA, July 23.— As a means of stop-*
ping the smuggling of Chinese coolies
across the border from British Columbia,
Collector Huestls has been directed by the
Treasury Department to rigidly enforce
certain Chinese regulations which nave
been on the statute books for over ten
years, but never enforced. The regula
tions provide that Chinese laborers must
make their applications for certificates at
least cne month prior to their departure.
The Collector shall take a detailed de
scription of the laborer, marking it with
a number, and the certificate given the
laborer shall contain only the number and
not the description. A laborer seeking a
certificate on the ground that he has a
wife here must prove that his marriage
occurred at least one year prior, to his
application. If the certificate be claimed
on the ground of property or debts due
him, he must show such property is bona
fide. ____________'•'
CHINESE DIES IN JAIL.
Probably a Member of a Local High
binder Tong.
STILLWATER, Minn., July 23.— Ham
Wing Sing, a Chinese convict at the State
Prison, died to-day of typhoid fever. He
was received at the prison eight years ago
from Moorhead, Minn., in company with
Ham Hong, another Chinaman, to serve
twenty-five years for murder in the sec
ond degree.
They killed a Chinaman, and it was gen
erally understood that they were members
of a California highbinders' association.
Drowned While Swimming.
SEATTLE. July 23.— H. E. Hutcherson,
a former resident of San Francisco, was
drowned to-day near Ballard while swim
ming. ,:. .•- . . \/';-. '.7.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Nasal Catarrh,
Asthma, Bronchitis
And Consumption.
SPEEDY RELIEF and RADICAL CURE
Speedy and radical cure of NASAL CA-
TARRH, THROAT DISEASES, BRONCHITIS
ami AFFECTIONS OF THE LUNGS, and all
complaints that lead to CONSUMPTION.
By DR. Aborn,
554 Sorter Street.
A Severe Case of Bronchial and
Lung Affection with Hemor-
rhage Cured in Two Months
Remains PERMANENTLY WELL, after a
lapse of 23 years.
A letter from MR. THOMAS HATTON. a
-well-known and prominent jrontleman who la
well known to "': GEO. FREEMAN GRAY,
22S MONTGOMERY ST., S. F.
Thomas Hatton, Real Estate Loans and Invest-
ment Agency, 310 Fifth at.
DES Mi "INKS. la.. May -' ISD9.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
The undersigned, a resident of the city of
Dea Moines for the past thirty-seven years, de-
sires to bear testimony to the skill of Dr.
Aborn in the treatment of pulmonary and kin-
dred complaints. About the year 1876 I was
very seriously afflicted with ' bronchial and
lunjt troubles; in fact, bad two or three cuke
severe hemorrhages, and my left lung was prac-
tically useless. Dr. Aborn treated me consti-
tutionally and by local inhalation applications,
and within two months' time I was practically
cured. I continued the treatment for some tim»
longer and have never suffered 1 day since from
any trouble of the kind. And my lungs and
bronchial tubes have been sound. I believe, as
any one's could be, and are at the present
time, after a lapse of twenty-three years. I
have known the doctor and of his successful
practice for the past thirty years.
During the'doctor's practice at that time I
personally know of a number of people whom
he treated with pronounced success. From my
own personal experience and observation of hi*
treatment of others, I believe the doctor to be
capable of doing a great good to persons af-
flicted with -such troubles. V*
DR. ABORN'S TREATMENT
Gives instantaneous relief, builds up
and revitalizes the whole constitu-
tion, fortifies the system against
colds and catarrhal affections and
averts the tendency or predisposition
to consumption, and thereby prolongs
life.
OVER THIRTY YEARS DEVOTED TO THE
TREATMENT OF DISEASES OF THE HEAD.
THROAT AND LUNGS.
Dr. Aborn's Office and Residence,
554 SUTTER STREET,
Bet. Powell and Mason, San Francisco, Cal.
FREE CONSULTATION.
OFFICE HOURS— 9:3O to 12 and 2 to 4.
K ag^a M _ mim ___ U ______________WBM\m
I A GENUINE REDUCTION SALE! I
era On account of having t
JbS closed up my Sacra- \
TerTJT mento branch store 1 |
cjf offer to my patrons and |
_l_fc^^ the public in general |
raHsSst'i J.iOOO worth of woolens. ¥
Mjf^&SfA which I wish to turn into »
JM^Tfi&A cash before my fall ar.d «
_xaHeM_S|__g winter stock comes ln. f;
f^r_%^Sfw See prices in the window. :
ST JOE POHEIM,
ment.) branch' store I
offer to my patrons and
the ruhlic in RTteral
$5000 worth of woolens,
which I wish to turn into
cash bef ire my fall and
winter stock romes tn.
See prices in the window.
JOE POHEIM,
TH?: TAILOR. '
MSLW 201-20:» Montgomery St..
I llnfel 1110-1112 Market St., [
f*l Hi San Francisco. h
c?! 1m 45," Fourteenth St.. Oak- 1
*^ ?I^vfk i4:i South Spring St., \
I Jp3 Los Angeles. Cal. g|
TRUST
Your Oculist
And bring U3 the order for glasses. They will
be made to suit him and fit you. With the new
clip, don't slip, tilt, waver or pinch.
Factory on premises; quick repairing. Phonft
Main 10.
OPTICIANs3 H ->*^;'«.
642 Market St. instruments
unntß CHO.-liC:.t fleillOenl.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 2)
.JMUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A gfc 1051 J-AS-ZT ST. bet. 6_i67t_. S.F.CiI. A
X qr The Largest Anatomical Museum in the _
A M lj3\—- ! _ World. Weaknesses or any contracted 4}
V _i£l—v& disease p#-«»iii»*-l- ctir«*d by the oldest T
£ Jffej _3l -t>ecia!i_lf b the Coin. Est. 36 years 4P
A flfaff J OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES A
\. V^Kjß^H Consultation free and strictly private. _
A a Uwf Tree l!rnent personally or by letter. A A
W m flr W m Pos. tne Cure in every case undertaken. W
Atrif 111-S Write for Book. Mil. O Y«rf A
" I I'" W4ltnlAetK, MAILED FREE., (.if
X JJ Jl, ' valuable book for men) \
7 OK. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. F. V
_tgSa_ rnoTOOArnm tl BQt Kgp M ■ B ff*\
a^S; VITA LIS
Ist Day. Z-^J&_ <\(tTm THE NEW 51
tarxsr. 10th d» } -. <_>■>• -tW__ Sr lllkllWlßig
yitalss 'D > K.J* REMEDY
PRODItKS T.'lr- ABtIVK :»th Day. tli|||
BKSI'LTS. It quickly * jur«ly removes Nprvousncess, Ini| otcney.
Rifhtly emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effect!
of self-abuse or excess cirl indiscretion. Restore Lost Vital
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cures when all others fail. Insist on having VITA LI S,
no other. Can be carried in the ccci pocket. By- mall l.i.t»
per packaceorsix for 95. with ■ guarantee to Cure o«*
{.-fund the .Money. Circnlar Free. Address
■CALUMET OITRX CO., 834 Oci.rb.cn. St., Chleag*
Sold by Owl Drug Co., "Jaldwln i'harmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two »tores). Crsxit Drug Co.. la
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. '
" DR.PIERC-S 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I B-.OOD.LIVER.MJWGS;
f^Sfe RUPTURE.
V'"_^Sl USE -NO MORE IRO.V
|B|K_aE^rar Hoops or Steel Sprint?*.
KSWBpy^^ Rupture retained with ... : ,_
■_>^M»_S. and cemfort, and thousands radl-
■ fMk* call >' CURED by DR. PIERCE
% /Sf % Magnetic Elastic Truss. E-^Call at
efflce or write* for Ntw Pamphlet
No. I.
MAQNBTIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
£20 MarKet >t.. opP. Pauce Hotel, -an Francisco
\£__?______^_ LOST VIGOR.
_4^^^\ "AND MANHOOD
rz_\** ~A Cures Impotemcy Night Emissions and wasting
ysfcj^H ' J J-«-s<~. all effects of self-abuse or execs* and
'X; . !J\JJ indiscretion. A nerve-tonic --id blood-builder.
' Brings the pink glow to pal-, -hecks and --,
•_r vfe s ««_«' stores the '"' of youth. By mail 500 per
pKifl^S'L boxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with 0 writtea
guarantee ,0 cure or refund the money
Ski-vita Kkdifa? Co., Clinton 4 -Jackson $ts., ebiapj.
_.. la. Baldwin * Co.. DrusgUts. 8 Market. S. F.
CAFE BIMSSS
■Willi. iiwi lIUoo. Overcoats and
Valises checked live.
— — — — __
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITT-CKS THE
great Mexican remedy; gives i health and
I strength to sexual organs. Depot 323 Market.ARBITRATION
SCHEME ADOPTED
AS A WHOLE
Text of the General Agreement
as It Will Be Presented
in a Few Days*
Special Cable to The Call and tho New York
Herald Cc?pyrishted. ISS9, by James Gor
don Bennett.
THE HAGUE, July 23.— The arbitra
tion committee of the International
Peace Conference Saturday adopted the
arbitration scheme as a whole, and I
am in a position to veal the exact
terms of the project for mediation and
A- arbitration as they now stand and as
they will most certainly be finally
-greed to in the course of next week.
Article I— ln view of averting as much
as possible a resort to arms, the signatory
X powers agree to use all their International
cure a peaceful solution in international
differences.
.
Article 2— The signatory powers decide
that In case of grave disagreement or con
flict they will, as far as circumstances
permit before takinir arms, apply to the
good offices or mediation of one or Beverai
friendly powers.
Article 3— lndependently of this, the
powers deem it useful that one or several
disinterested powers shall, as far as cir
cumstances permit, spontaneously offer
their good offices or mediation either be
fore or during hostilities, and that such
interference shall not be considered un
friendly by the quarreling parties.
Articles ' 4 and 5 are mere developments
of preceding ones.
Articles G and " provide that the good
offices or mediation of a third power shall
cxclusi.ely have bearing on good counsel,
with- compulsory force: and unless
agreed upon specially shall not cause sus
pension of war preparations or terrup-
Article S— Signatory powers agree to rec
ommend the following special form of me
diation: That the quarreling States should
respectively choose two mediating pow
ers, in view of preventing a rupture of
friendiv relations during the term of me
diation, which is not t<> exceed thirty days.
Quarreling powers shall have no direct
intercourse between themselves on the
•subject of the quarrel, which will be left
entirely to the consideration of the mcdi
' * Articles 0. 10. I. 12 and IS provide that in
International differences caused by differ
ence of views as to facts which may be
made an object of local inquiry and do
not involve the honor or vital interests of
the powers concerned, the latter Should
have recourse to the institution of inter
national committees of inqury to impar
tially decide on the matter of fact. Pow
ers Concerned will afford such committees
all necessary facilities for their enlight
enment. Committees reports will not have
the character of arbitration award, but
will leave the powers concerned at liberty
to act as they feel best.
Article 14 is about the principle of in
ternational arbitration.
Article 15 — In ail questions of judicial
bearing, and especially as regards mean
ing or anplication of international treat
|»s; arbitration is acknowledged to be the
-sost efficient and most equitable mode of
ettling differences.
Articles 16 and 17— The arbitration con
ention implies an agreement to submit in
loodI ood faith to the arbitration award.
Article IS — Independently of general or
lecial arbitration treaties, signatory pow
rs reserve for themselves the right to
onclude either before or after the rati
cation of the peace conference acts new
nd general or special agreements in view
r" extending compulsory arbitration to all
ises they may deem fit.
Articles 19 and _!>— The powers agree to
RIVAL RAILWAYS FIGHT
FOR RIGHT OF WAY
Tracks Laid in Spite of an Injunction
and Serious Trouble Ex
pected.
STORM LAKE. lowa. July 23.— Startling
developments are highly probable in the
tig railway fight between the Minneapo
lis and St. Louis and Milwaukee here,
where the Milwaukee is now in forcible
possession of the right of way of the Min
neapolis and St. Louis, across which they
have relald their tracks in the face of an
Injunction. __
All day - lay the Sheriff of Buena
Vista County, with a posse, remained in
possession of the tracks, not permitting
interference from either force. The Mil
waukee men have been reinforced and
both sides are watching each other. -c->.n
•attempt is to be made Monday to arrest
th'- Milwaukee workmen for contempt of
court. They say they will resist, and
serious trouble is feared.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j '" =T »
-7$ 3£appy 97/otAer s
Sratitude
, [LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM NO. 26,r55]
y 1 Dear Mrs. Pinkham — I have many,
many thanks to give you for what your
Vegetable Compound has done for me.
After first confinement I was sick for
nine years with prolapsus of the womb,
had pain in left side, in small of back,
a great deal of headache, palpitation
of heart and lencorrhoea. I felt so
weak and tired that I could not do my
work. I became pregnant again and
took your Compound all through, and
now have a sweet baby girl. I never
before had such an easy time during
labor, and I feel it was due to Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. I
am now able to do my work and feel
better than I have for years. I cannot
thank you enough." — Mrs. Ed. Eh-
u_v6_r, Device, Tex.
Wonderfully Strengthened.
" I have been taking Lydla E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound. Blood
Purifier and Liver Pills and feel won-
derfully strengthened. Before using
your remedies I was in a terrible state;
felt like fainting every little while. I
thought I must surely die. But now,
thanks to your remedies, those feel-
ings are all gone." — Mrs. Emii.de
Schneider, 1244 Helen Aye., Detroit
Mich. 9 *
,#gs. Dr. R. L. Walsh
\c*£*-tt__>V sir}; GEARY ST.. bet.
■ - - ■»» ■^"-. Hyde and Larkin.
- JT^sC^y Painless Extraction..
COc
Vet rf" f ■ 1 J Crowns S-.00
I. li.l'jji^ Flesh-colored Plates..
•^-—' 95.00
".tlnuous Gun. Plates (no bad Joints) our
••o'ialty Have received TEN Urst prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No students. 1«
y< :i rs' experience.
lad way's
:\|- Pi S 'fi aS_r_
purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfe-t digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. ''.;_*
Tor the cure or all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver Bowels. .Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness, Con-
stipation. Fl.es and all derangements of the j
Internal Viscera. 2.'c a box. At Druggists, j
or by mall. RAD WAY & CO.. New York. I
organize a permanent court of arbitration
accessible at all times.
Article 21— Such a court will be compe
tent for all arbitration cases unless there
exists an agreement between parties for
the establishment of special jurisdiction.
Article 22— international bureau will
be established at The Hague under the
direction of a permanent general secre
tary. This bureau will be the guardian
of the arbitration court and archives. Hie
signatory powers will provide ii with a
certified copy of all arbitration agree
ments concluded between themselves and
of all arbitration sentences pronounced by
special jurisdiction and all documents ap
pertaining thereto.
Article 23— Within three months after
the ratification of peace conference acts
each power shall designate four persons
highly versed In International law and of
high moral standing to act as arbitrators
They will form tbe court, and their full
transactions will be communicated by the
bureau to all the powers. One or several
powers may agree to choose In common
one or several judges. The same person
may represent dlffernt powers. Members
of the court are to be nominated for six
years, and their term may be renewed.
They will enjoy all diplomatic privileges.
A.rti 24— Signatory powers ueslring to
apoly to he arbitration court for settle
ment of their differences tall choose
from the general list the number of arbi
trators agreed upon between themselves.
Articles 25 and 26— The arbitration court
will habitually sit at The Hague, and the
seat can only be altered in case of abso
lute necessity and by agreement of all par
ties Non-signatory powers concerned may
have recourse to the ration court.
Article 27— Signatory powers are to con
sider it their duty whenever acute con
flict threatening peace occurs between any
of them to retail to the latter that the ar
bitration court Is open to them.
A ride 2.—A permanent administrative
council, consisting of the diplomatic rep
resentatives of the powers credited at
The Hague, and of the Dutch Foreign
Secretary, as airman, will be considered
immediately after the ratification of the
Peace Conference acts, and will organize
an international bureau, which will re
main under its direction and control. Said
council will each year supply the signa
tory powers with a report of the arbitra
tion court's labor. _■
Articles 29 to 54 merely concern the arbi
tration proceedings, which will be con
ducted secretly within closed doors. Sen
tence is only to be delivered publicly, ami
the court itself win decide in what lan
guage the proceedings snail be conducted,
it being enacted that each of the contend
ing parties will plead before the court as
ordinary lawyers do In ordinary judicial
In conversation with an eminent dip
lomatist this morningl was told that the
Russian delegates are eminently satis
fied at the determined and strong sup
port the- American delegation has
given to the arbitration clause, which
has triumphed, thanks to the United
States and France. On the other hand,
the Russians are painfully impressed
by the American opposition to disarm
ament and to any strong measures
against the employ. of cruel int
plements of war. This is attributed by
Russians not to any bellicose feelings
in the United States, but to the Ameri
can desire of exerting its wonderful In
ventiveness in new Ingenious mechan
ical inventions as applied to war as well
as to peace.
NEZ PERCE
INDIANS IN
UGLY MOOD
Threaten to Murder Graders
on the Northern Pacific
Railroad.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho, July 23.— Word from
Lewiston over the long-distance
telephone is to the effect that,
while the Indians on the Nez
Perce reservation have out
wardly submitted to the agreement of
their chiefs to permit work on the
Northern Pacific grade through the
reservation to proceed, still the young
bucks continue to manifest an ugly
spirit, which is brutalized by liquor
furnished by white men. The bucks
will not be satisfied, It seems, until they
kill some one. They threaten to swoop
down on the graders again as they did
a few days ago, this time not to scare
them off. but to murder.
There are no soldiers there and the
United States Marshal has made no
effort to give the workingmen adequate
protection. Deputy marshals at the
scene report that trouble of a serious
nature seems unavoidable unless liquor
can be kept away from the young
bucks or a military force Is stationed
to protect the graders. Large quanti
ties of liquor has been confiscated, but
there seems to be no end to the re
sourcefulness of the thirsty savages.
The unflinching nerve of Agent Stran
ahan, who went alone among the ex
cited Indians a few days ago, alone
saved his life. In order to prevent un
necessary excitement Stranahan did not
reveal the true temper of the Indians,
but he now admits the situation at
that time was very much more strained
than he cared to disclose then. During
the excited interview with the Indian
chiefs and others a burly chief stepped
up to him, and, drawing a knife, an
nounced it to be his purpose to kill
Stranahan for his insolence. An older
chief attempted to interfere, but was
floored. A scene of indescribable con
fusion ensued, the Indians becoming
more frenzied each moment. Strana
han expected to be killed. He boldly
defied the Indians, however, telling
them the Great Father's soldiers would
avenge his death by killing every In
dian implicated. His nerve and his ut
terances absolutely cowed the Indians.
After some further parleying Strana
han withdrew. Later some of the In
dians, wild under the influence of li
quor, and still chafing under the agent's
words, started to hunt for the agent, but
he had lost no time in placing a safe
distance between himself and the reds.
The chiefs have agreed to allow the
railroad to proceed without further
molestation, but they say they cannot
control the young bucks, especially
when they have access to liquor.
Railway Employes Exonerated.
SANTA BARBARA. July 23.— The Cor
oner's jury in the case of Henry' Page,
killed last night by a Southern Pacific
train, found a verdict of accidental death
and exonerated the railroad employes.
THE SAX FK AX CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 24. 1899.
MAKING CAPITAL OF
INGERSOLL'S DEATH
Spiritualist Reports ao Alleged
Conversation With the Soul
of the Agnostic.
SPRINGFIELD. Mo., July 23.— Five thousand people attended the
Zoo Park spiritualist camp meeting to-night to hear Mrs. Cora L. V.
Richmond deliver an address under alleged control of the spirit of Rob
ert G. Ingersoll.
Mrs. Richmond began to speak in the first person, addressing the
audience as Colonel Ingersoll and de; ribing the sensation experienced in
dying.
The spirit said the other life was yet a great mystery, but that no
moment of unconsciousness intervened at death. In passing out of the
body there was no pain, but a quickening sensation as though delirium
resulted. The spirit passed into a new body.
The earth form of life lay before the risen spirit and weeping friends
of the deceased could be distinctly seen and heard standing by the side
of the lifeless body, viewing the unconscious brain and pulseless heart
and yet feeling every faculty of mind alive and active.
The message spoke of the agnostic's failure to investigate evi
dences of Immortality and candidly retracted any materialistic views
that he had ever taught.
There was no flight through space In reaching the other life. Th»
two worlds seemed to intermingle.
The spirit had already discovered that each soul enters into an In
heritance of his thoughts and deeds in this life immediately at death.
There was no escaping this law of compensation and retribution. What
ever is sown In this world must be reaped in the next, is the message
which Mrs. Richmond delivered from Colonel Ingersoll.
MADISON, Wis., July 23. 1n speaking of the death of Robert G.
Ingersoll to-day, Archbishop Martinelli said: "I sincerely hope he is
saved. Death must come to all of us. Probably Mr. Ingersoll is now
able to prove to his complete satisfaction whether there is a hell and
a devil."
SALOON ROW MAY
END IN MURDER
! George Hansen Shot at
Mill Valley.
HENRY COLLINS HISASSAILANT
— ♦ —
SURGEON SAYS THE WOUND IS
MORTAL,
•
Belief That Jealousy, Induced by
Two Men's Love for a
Woman, Led to the
Quarrel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MILL VALLEY, July George Han
sen, a saloon-keeper of Mill Valley, was
shot and probably fatally wounded by
Henry Collins, a plumber of Sausalito,
this afternoon.
Collins started for Mill Valley on horse
back this morning. When he reached Han
sen's saloon he stopped and bad several
drinks with the proprietor. While he was
in the place he became engaged in a row
with Hansen and he was thrown out of
the saloon, Hansen following to continue
the light outside. He made a rush at Col
lins, who drew his revolver and fired.
Hansen fell to the ground and Collins
made for his horse and galloped down the
road. toward Sausalito.
It was found that Hansen was shot
in the abdomen, the bullet emerging near
the spine. Dr. Mays was sent for from
Sausallto, and he declared the wound to
be fatal.
A telegram was sent to Sausalito telling
■ of the shooting and warning the authori-
I ties to be on the watch for Collins, so
I when he arrived he found Marshal John
; Harmon waiting for him. He was taken to
• San Rafael, where he was locked up to
await the outcome of Hansen's wound.
Late to-night Or. Mays did not expect
Hansen to live more than a few hours.
It is believed by some that the real
j cause of the shooting was jealousy. Col
• lins was married about six months ago to
a Miss "Walker in Sausallto. She knew
Hansen, and it ls believed that Collins
objected to their acquaintance and that
in this lay the cause of the first assault.
■ Collins had been raising trouble on his
way to Mill Valley. He went Into several
of the camps en route and behaved in a
rather boisterous manner, leading many
to the suspicion that he was under the
influence of liquor.
WILL PROSECUTE THE
LOUISIANA LYNCHERS
Assurance Given the Italian Govern
ment That Amends Will Be Made
for the Lives Taken.
ROME, July 23.— The Popolo Romano,
referring to the recent lynching of Ital
ians at Tallulah, La., says the United
States has given assurances that it will
prosecute rigorously all who were con
cerned in the commission of the crime.
The Tribuna declares that the lynching
was clue to the knowledge that Italian
Immigrants to the I'njted States are not
afforded proper protection and may be at
tacked with impunity and calls the atten
tion, the Italian Government to the
matter.
Archbishop Riordan Receiving the Reports Yesterday.
MILLION-DOLLAR
BLAZE IN TOLEDO
Grain Elevator Totally
Destroyed.
— —
WATCHMAN'S NARROW ESCAPE
— ♦ —
HURLED OUT OF DANGER BY AN
EXPLOSION.
♦
Fortunately the Fire Occurred on
Sunday, Otherwise Loss of Life
Would Have Been Heavy.
Combustion the Cause.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOLEDO, July 2.l.— The Cincinnati,
Hamilton and Dayton elevator, located In
East Toledo, was totally destroyed by
fire to-night, and the loss on building and
contents will reach nearly $1,000,000. It is
not known how much insurance is on the
grain, amounting to 900.000 bushels of
wheat, but the building carries $185, in
various companies. The elevator has been
unusually busy for the past two weeks
and was working night and day to store
the 150 cars of wheat which are received
daily at the place.
The fact that this was Sunday prevent
ed the fatalities which might have fol
lowed, for the forty men employed there
had quit work early and had been out of
the place about two hours. The watch
man had once made the round of the
building, had found everything safe and
was on his way to the top on his second
trip. He was not aware there was a fire,
but observers noticed a small blaze in the
cupola.
An alarm was immediately turned in,
but before any of the tire department
could reach the place a terrific explosion
occurred, that rocked the foundations of
surrounding buildings. A mass of flame
shot up in the air hundreds of feet.
The building was almost immediately
enveloped, and within ten minutes an
other and more terrific explosion oc
curred which tore out the entire side of
the building near the river. This explo
sion hurled the watchman W. E. Welch,
out of the flames and saved his life. He
was only slightly injured, and will re
cover.
The enormous building was a mass of
ruins half an hour after tne first blaze
was noticed. The work of the Are depart
ment was futile, and most of their ener
gies were directed toward saving adjoin
ing property.
The C. H. and D. elevator was largely
owned fay Eastern capital. President
Woodford of the Cincinnati. Hamilton and
Dayton road is president of the company.
An elevator owned by this company was
burned on the same site four years ago,
and the present building was erected to
fee the most complete and st perfect in
the country. The fire department claim
spontaneous combustion caused the blaze.
THE STRIKE OVER.
Four Hundred Kansas Coal Miners
Go Back to Work.
WEIR CITY, Kans., July 23.— The 400
coal miners working for the J. H. Durkee
Coal Company, who went on a strike Fri
day, because it was supposed Durkee was
selling coal to one of the striking coal
companies to till their contracts, returned
to work. '
Durkee affirmed that he has not sold
any coal to the offending company.
CATHOLICS MEET
TO REPORT ON
CHARITABLE WORK
Notable. Session at
San Rafael.
— ♦ —
THE ARCHBISHOP PRESENT
— • —
THE ST. VINCENT DE PAUL CON
FERENCES REPORT.
♦
Delegates From Thirteen Branches
Attend Mass and Compare Work
Done to Relieve the Paro
chial Poor.
Over 100 of the representatives of the
thirteen conferences of the Society of St.
Vincent de Paul took part in the quarter
ly meeting of the combined conferences
held yesterday at the Catholic Orphan
Asylum at San Rafael. The St. Vincent
de Paul Society is organized in all the
parishes of this city to relieve the neces
sities of poor parishioners.
The delegates to the meeting yesterday
assembled in the asylum chapel at 11
o'clock a. m., when mass was celebrated
by Rev. D. O. Crowley, director of the
Youths' Directory. His Grace Archbishop
Riordan, the spiritual director of the or
ganization, was present in the sanctuary,
together with the following clergy: Rev*.
Hugh Lagan of Sacred Heart parish, P.
E. Mulligan, J. Verwelleghein of Vancou
ver, J. K. Cottle. J. Byrne and Brothers
La-dan and Waiter of the Christian
Brotherhood.
The reception to the delegates was
planned by Very Rev. Brother Michael,
director of the San Rafael Orphan Asy
lum. At the conclusion of the mass the
Archbishop called the quarterly meeting
of the conference to order and President
Burnett asked for reports from the vari
ous parochial branches. The reports of
moneys paid in charity were as follows:
St. Rose's parish— Active members, 34; fami
lies relieved during the three months ended
July 1, VI: persons relieved, aO; receipts during
the quarter, $94 65; disbursements, $■>■» &0; presi
dent, L.. li. Roche; secretary, W. R. Walsh.
Cathedral parish— members, 68; fam
ilies relieved. 6S; persons relieved. 171; receipts,
$371 55; disbursement-, $343 10; president, George
Green; secretary, W. F. White.
St. Francis' parish— Active members, 27;
families relieved, 27; persons, 92; receipts,
$52 74; disbursements, $57 55; president, A. D.
Rennet?; secretary. W. M. Gillespie.
St. James' parish Members, la; families re
lieved. 5; persons, 15; receipts, $52; expendi
tures. $4»; secretary, Charles McChrystle.
Mission Dolores parish— Members, 111; fami
lies relieved. 4; persons, 15; receipts, $40 50; dis
bursements, $18 75; president, William Walsh;
secretary, Frank W. Warren.
St. Joseph's parish— Members. S9; families re
lieved, 46; persons, 202; receipts, $204 95; dis
bursements. $175 75; president, John Dowling;
secretary, D. M. Fitzgerald.
St. Dominic's parish— Members, 50; families
relieved, 15; persons, 65; receipts, $22S BO; dis
bursements. $144 30; president. Thomas O'Brien;
secretary, P. J. McKeown,
Sacred Heart parish— Members, 36; families
relieved, 17; persons, 62; receipts, $45 55; ex
penditures, $4S 75; president, J. C. Murphy; sec
retary. J. J Walsh.
St. Brendan's parish— Members. 22; families
relieved, 23; persons, 50; receipts, $66 20; dis
bursements. $58 &5; president, P. M. Rogers;
secretary, D. F. Sullivan.
St. Brigid's parish— Members. S; families
relieved. 34; persons, 91; receipts. $124; dis
bursements. $155; president, J. M. Burnett; sec
retary, Thomas Ryan.
St. Paul's parish— Members, 41; families re
lieved 1-; persons. 25; receipts. $49 50; dis
bursements, $77 50;- president. Thomas Ratti
gan; secretary, M. W. Farrell.
St Peter's parish— Members, 146; families re
lieved, 21; persons. 116; receipts, $96 40; dis
bursements. $113 35; president, P. R. Curtis;
secretary, C. D. Dona
St Patrick's parish— Members. 131; families
relieved. 45; persons. 180; receipts, Including
balance on hand, $307 15, disbursements, $2s_ SO;
president, 3. Shirley.
In other words, during the past three
months the combined conferences, with
an active membership of 767, have re
lieved 369 families in the thirteen . par
ishes; have also relieved 1174 persons, col
lected $173409, and expended $1619 10 in
charity 1 . ,
At the conclusion of the meeting the
delegates and guests attended a special
entertainment given by the boys of the
asylum in honor of the Archbishop. There
was an overture by the band, composed of
the following members, under the direc
tion of Brother Fidelis: W. Spooner, K.
Murphy, E. Ryan, John Batteate, F.
Loughery, G. McCall. I. Valencia, Vin
cent Allen. F. Main. F. Roach. B. ocott,
F. Hen, J. Cafferty, George Carroll, S.
>;. Bumgarten, James Hughes, F. Peter
son, G. Banchero, J. Wayne. I. Noble,
Nat Evans, J. Knoop, H. Schultz. C. Du
gan, 1.. More. F. McGonigle. F. Madden
and J. Flannlgan. Several choruses were
sung by the asylum choir in excellent
time and voice. Harry Butler read an
address of welcome to the Archbishop,
after which his Grace addressed the dele
gates and invited guests briefly on the
good work done by the Society of St. Vin
cent de Paul in relieving the needs of the
poor people of the parishes of this city.
"This society," he said, "expresses fully
BARBECUE UNDER
THE OAK TREES AT
STANFORD FARM
Several Hundred Invited Guests
Feast, Dance and Listen
to Speeches.
PALO ALTO, July 23.— The Stanford
stock farm was the scene to-day of a
bullshead barbecue given by Superintend
ent Frank W. Covey of the stock farm.
James Murray, George Woods and J. O.
Johnson to their numerous friends and to
the employes of the farm. Three hundred
brilliant cardinal invitations were sent
out. reading: "Las Robles; third annual
reunion, July 23," and everybody, It
seemed, accepted and came in his Sunday
best to enjoy the festivities.
The literary committee was composed of
Charles M. Shortridge, Bert Herrington
and James W. Rea; the committee on
good government. John D. Mackenzie;
master of ceremonies, Henry Clay Faber
of Palo Alto.
The scene of the feast was under the |
spreading live oaks of the farm, where \
seven long tables nad been set and loaded j
with tempting viands. The trees over
head were hung with flags and lanterns.
Caterer Joe Saliceti and his white-aproned,
assistants had begun the preparation of
the feast last night, and at midnight the
eight great bullsheads nad been placed
in the warm pit and were roasting. The
bakery wagon with its 100 great round i
loaves had contributed its quota, and the I
watering-cart was on hand to succor the |
thirsty. At noon the people commenced i
to come— they kept on coming— some !
on foot, some on horseback, and others
in all kinds and conditions of drags,
phaetons, 'buses.
Under the "kitchen" tree the cooks were
busy with their preparations. Besides the
bulfsheads there was a sheep and other ,
meat to be roasted, and a pit had been |
dug and filled with wood. Across the top
were long iron spits, on which the meat
was impaled and sizzled over the fire.
Then there was the corn, which had been
roasted similarly to the heads in the hot
ashes; liquid refreshments to cheer; chili
con came and chow chow added zest to
the roasts. The long tables were crowd- ,
the charity of our church. Among all the
ruins of antiquity which we see- in Rome
and elsewhere we never find evidences of
hospitals or asylums for the poor amid
the costly buildings erected for the com
fort and pleasure of the rich in those
times. It has remained for Christianity
to foster the fatherhood of God by minis
tering to the needy, as this society is do
ing now; as this asylum for orphans is
doing. I take a great interest in all this
work, and 1 hope one day to have a train
ing school connected with the asylum
which will educate the boys in trades and
enable them to fight their Way through
the world. I am doing all I can to pros
per our charities in the archdiocese. 1
have told the good Christian Brothers to
give the boys here the best food and
clothing, and not to spare money in such
purchases.'' The Archbishop heartily
complimented the society upon the good
showing made by the various conferences
for the past quarter, and praised the good
management of Brother Michael, who is
in charge of the asylum. After the en
tertainment the following delegates and
Invited guests sat down to a delightful
repast, which pleasantly concluded the
day's work:
Archbishop Riordan. Rev. Fathers Lagan.
Crowley, Byrne. Phillips. Mulligan, Verwelleg
heir. Cottle: Brothers Theodoras, ErmlnoM,
Xenophon, Walter. Genebern. Judge Angellottl.
Dr E. G. Osbourne. D. Kervane, T. A. Con
nollev Rev P. Scanlan. Rev. P. J. Cummins.
John' Wolf. J. F. Boyd. Richard O'Connor. Dr.
V Jones. Revs. P. Foley. J. J. J. Prendergast.
Thomas McSweeney: J. Bogan, James Wllkins.
J F Canere. Colonel W. P. Sullivan, Garrett
Mclnerney. Matt Sullivan. Judge J. F. Sullvan.
R. J. T.-ciiin. J. J. O'Toole. J. B. Casserly. J.
F. Donohoe, James Coughlin. J. Mahoney.
Thomas Bannerman, F. J. Sullivan, Joseph
Kirk Dr. C. Buckley. Dr. Wichmann. James A.
Thompson, Andrew Carrigan. A. W. Foster. R.
H. Ryan. E. Donahoe, J. E. Walsh, A. Day,
Alexander Keenan, J. Kenny. W. J. O'Hanlon,
Dr. J. F. Gibbon. C. D. Douglass, M. Eden,
J. Murphy, Fred Perkins, J. Sullivan.
These were in addition to the delegates
present from the conferences.
The next quarterly meeting will be held
in St. Brigid's parish three months
hence. ______________________
READY TO RECEIVE
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
He Will Be a Guest at Hotel Cham-
plain and Desires Absolute
Rest and Quiet.
PLATTSBURG, N. V.. July 23.—Prepa
rations are being made at Hotel
Champlain in anticipation of the arrival
of President and Mrs. McKinley, who are
expected on "Wednesday or Thursday of
this week. In view of Mrs. McKinley's
ill health the President hopes to be able
to spend his time while here in absolute
rest and quiet. He has asked that no
newspaper correspondents be allowed on
the special train which will convey him
self and party to the shores of Lake
Champlain. The suite of rooms which the
President occupied in the summer of 1897
is being especially furnished for his oc
cupation.
Many prominent people are expected at
the hotel during the President's visit,
among them being Secretary of Treas
ury Gage, Attorney General Griggs, Vice
President Hobart and family and Elihu
Root, recently appointed Secretary of
War.
GOLD FROM DAWSON.
Steamship Rosalie Brings Lucky
Fortune-Hunters.
VANCOUVER, B. C. July 23.— The
steamer Rosalie arrived to-day from
Skaguay with 200 passengers and $10,000
in gold dust aboard. William Braid, a
local merchant, brought $50,000, and Seat
tle men owned the remainder of the gold.
Braid, who is conversant with Govern
ment affairs, said that nearly $1,000,000 had
been collected in royalties, and he placed
the total output of the country at $20,000,
--000. El Dorado, Dominion and Bonanza
creeks were supplying nearly all of the
gold. __,
Water Piped to Menlo Park.
PALO ALTO. July 23.— A right of way
for a water main from the water supply
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINO.
Ln nrP,PV Manufacturer or Belting and
r. Utile.!, Lace Leather. 105.107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
~~ BO.LER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repair* aad Ship
Work.
Office and Works— MISSION ST. *
Telephone Main 6045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Oeary Street. Abo-re Powell.
Periodicals, Books end Stationery.
COAL. COKB AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
WOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
' JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH. M«r.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.
Ed with diners and the waiters were kept
busy supplying them with viands.
After dinner the crowd repaired to the
dancing platform, where the light fantas
tic was tripped during the afternoon and
evening. Good cheer and good fellowship
were the order. During the % afternoon
there was some speechmaking. Senator
Charles M. Shortridge was the first speak
er to the stand. Said he:
I do not feel called upon to do mere than to
thank the kind friends who have arranged this
feast, and to acid that I am charmed to meet
these friends under the oaks— the oaks which
I never look at without becoming poetical. It
does me good to be surrounded by the up
turned faces of friends, gathered thus for a
good time, expecting no more than the happy-
American way of enjoyment — free an* easy.
I should add. though, in all respect, that I
believe no harm can come fror-. Innocently en
joying this music and amusement. We believe
in the Father above, who looks down and
blesses us. __"
Here's to the gl.Mous republic that blesses
you and your children, whose flag has waved
over the barefooted troops of Washington on
Boston Heights and over our gallant boys in
the hot islands across the Pacific. Here's to
the republic of Washington. Blame, Garfield
and the patriot McKinley— the republic that be
lieves In iaw and in extending liberty to all
over whom It waves.
Glad am I that I am one of that republic,
and glad am I to be with you to-day. Then
"on with th- dance— let Joy be unconfined.
Master of ceremonies Faber was then
called for and spoke feelingly of the oaks
which sheltered the people this glorious
California day. He paid a glowing tribute
to the women present and to womankind
in general. IB"*.-- , _ .
Frank Covey thanked the crowd for the
reception given the endeavors of his
friends and of himself. Sheriff Robert T.
Eangford also added a word concerning
the sociability of barbecues in general and
the Stanford barbecue in particular. Mr.
Torrence gave a recitation. Then the
amusements of the lay were resumed.
The barbecue was the most successful
affair of its kind given in this region for
some time, and every one Joined in praise
of the liberal souls who had given them
so much enjoyment.
of the Stanford University to the Catholic
Seminary in Menlo Park is being laid out
by Constructing Engineer Shackelford.
The pining will be done from the Stan
ford residence to the county road at the
expense of the university authorities and
from that point will be carried by the
seminary. The total length of the line
will be from three to four miles. It is
the intention of the university to furnish
free 50,000 gallons of water a day to the
seminary'- This is simply the carrying out
of the plans which Governor Stanford
formed during his lifetime. Nothing was
said about it in his will, but Mrs. Stan
ford was well acquainted with his inten
tions and has only been waiting for the
time when sufficient funds could be spared
for the purpose.
CHINESE EASTERN
RAILWAY MEN HERE
TWO OFFICIALS ABE AT THE
CALIFORNIA HOTEL.
The Inspector of Ageni~.es and an
Agent of the Company Pay San
Francisco an Unofficial Visit.
Alexander Verblunski, inspecting re
viser of agencies of the Seagoing Service
of the Chinese Eastern Railway Company,
and W. Isnard. an agent of the same com
pany, are registered at the California Ho
tel. They arrived by the steamship Am
erica Marti and are spending a few days
in this city on a tour of inspection, inci
dentally viewing the harbor facilities of
this port.
According to these officials, the Chinese
Eastern Railway Company's ships will
reach San Francisco in four or five years
at the latest. This company, which is a
private corporation, with official Russian
backing, connects with the Trans-Siberian
Railway, giving the latter an outlet at
Port Arthur. Port Arthur, unlike Vlad
ivostok, the terminus of the Trans-Sibe
rian road, is open all the year.
The steamship division of the Cmnese
Eastern Railroad has now ten ships on its
two lines, and in two years it will double
the number. At present these vessels ply
simply between Port Arthur and Vladivo
stok and Shanghai.
M. Verblunski was much interested in
the harbor conditions of San Francisco,
and said that without doubt his company
■would establish a line ol steamers here
in a very few years.
The Russians leave Tuesday evening for
Chicago. They will then proceed to Chi
cago and thence to St. Petersburg, via
London.
Peculiar Chinese Celebration.
Chinatown has just passed through the
throes of a unique celebration. About
a thousand years ago To C in, the son of
wealthy and philanthropic parents, died
from grieving over their death, and every
year since that unhappy event the de
scendants of the Wong family, of which
he was a member, have observed the an
niversary* with a series of festivities cov
ering a period of three days. The anniver
sary was held in the Wong Tonj-- Joss
house, and the final act of the celebration,
which was concluded last night, consisted
of destroying an image of the lamented
To Chin and a scramble among the nu
merous Wongs for fragments of the re
mains, the possession of which is sup
posed to insure good luck for the balance
of the year. Only members of the Wong
family are allowed to participate in the
festivities, and the anniversary is a great
annual event in their lives.
Bohemian Jinks.
The members of the Bohemian Club and
a few invited guests enjoyed the club's
annual jinks on Saturday night at the
organization's grove near Guerneville. The
ceremonies were reported as having been
effectively performed, especially the
scorning of Dull Care and his final dis
comfiture. Some of the members returned
last evening and immediately retired into
seclusion.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
' JAS. EOYES & CO,, g^fffn^
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co.. Importer* and Deal-
era In hardware. 603 Market: tel. Main 151
IRON FOUNDERS,
western Foundry Morton & Hedley. Prat
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery Da.
scriptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1303.
PAPER DEALERS.
WII I AMF TTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
VTILLHmCI I L 722 Montgomery Stress
PRINTING.
£_ \_t. t_l !_ 111 0» 511 Sansome '»ire»t.
TBE HICKS- JUDD CO-. jgjggi gg|
STATIONFR ANn PRINTER.
TeI c egra a Ph» c PARTRIDGE ffj?..
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND ■-■___- MINING CO. at its
OREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
la tbe Be-. Coal ln the Market.
Otflce and Yards— Mala t-Kr-Mt.
34
S/fc g < 5 4_lfl5frg Call
MONDAY '. ........JULY 24. 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main IS6B.
I DITORIAL R00M5.... 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
D-BIJVKRBD BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
pirif i" CcplesJ 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. eluding Postage:
VATt.Y CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year ?6.0<
DAIL.Y CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday Call), 8 months 1.(50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 05e
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year -.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager For.ign Advertising, Marquetto Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald -Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVES
PERRY LUKENS JR -» Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, U Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.l OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH. Corresnondent.
BRANCH OFFICER— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- -87 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
c clock- 615 Lcrl^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-IS4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 25 , 91 Market
■meet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second end Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
A__USE3_:E_^TS.
California— "Mmc Sans Gene."
Columbia— "Heartsease "
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "Wane:."
Alcazar— "Faust."
Grand Opera House— '"Faust."
Chutes. Zoo and Free iter— Vaudeville every tUlernooa
and evening.
Olympia. corner Mason and KUis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth—
tle of Manila Bay.
«v* Baths— Swimming Hares, etc.
AUCTION SALES.
By C. P. Troy & Co.— This day and evening, at 2 and S
o'clock. Chinese and Japanese Fancy Goods, at 3a Geary street.
By P. J. Ban Tuesday, July 25, at 12 o'clock, Book i
Store, at 1726 Market street. ——————————————————————— j
A QUEER COMMERCIAL MIDSUMMER.
THIS is probably the best midsummer season j
ever known to American trade. The failures
are the smallest and the railroad earnings the
largest, while the clearing-house exchanges are j
48.6 per cent heavier than in July, 1898, and 62
per cent heavier than in 1892, the two best previous j
years. Boston shipments of boots and shoes for the
first half of the year exceed those for the same time ,
last year by over 3,000.000 pairs. Manufacturers of
woolen goods are free buyers of wool in the East
and their agents are purchasing heavily in the West.
Hides and leather are rising slightly under a good de
mand and limited stocks. Wild speculation in tin has
lifted the price to about the highest level ever known.
The demand for iron does not abate and many works .
are still refusing orders. All fears of deficiency in
Western crops have been dispelled by receipts of
13.561.000 bushels thus far this month, against 3,773r
000 during the same time last year. The corn crop
of the country gives splendid promise, and several
Western States, especially Kansas, will probably
break all previous records this year. The aggrega
tion of the distributive trade of the country is of un
precedented volume and the demand for fall and win
ter goods is increasing with such continuity as to ex- ;
tend the most flattering hopes for the next six or
eight months. t
Such is the commercial condition of the country
to-day, when dogs run mad. when people a-e off at ,
the seaside or in the country, when the days east of the
Rockies are hot and the nights do not give relief. If
business is unprecedented under such adverse condi- 1
tions, what will it be when the midsummer season is
over and cooler weather further stimulates trade? ;
We thought last year was a record-breaker, but 1890
bids fair to beat 1898, with distance to spare. True,
there have been clouds on the horizon of late, but
they are passing. The stringency of the London
money market has thus far produced no appreciable
effect on this country: foreign complications, which
for some weeks were a menace to international trade, j
are being harmoniously adjusted; labor strikes, which 1
have been no less a menace, are being settled, and J
the scare over large combinations of industrial capi- i
tal, which started a brief panic in Wall street last
spring, have ceased to be a bugbear to the banks, for
it is found that they are governed by the same trade
laws that regulate smaller concerns and individuals.*
In brief, the commerce of the United States seems on
such firm foundations that ordinary adversities fail to
shake it.
Like the general markets, the local situation is' in
fine shape. The crops as a rule are as large as ex
pected and, with a single exception or two. are bring
ing fine prices. Fruit keeps up to the high plane of
values established at the beginning of the season,
quotations for grain allow the farmer a satisfactory
profit, the mining interests are recovering from the
bad effects of the dry winter of 1897-98, and the export
trade of the coast is still so heavy that shippers are
bothered to find vessels enough to carry away the
merchandise ordered by foreign countries. This is
a millennial condition which certainly ought not to
be grumbled at. The State shows the effects of it m
easy credits, abundance of money at declining rates
of interest, and a pronounced scarcity of labor in
almost all sections. Everybody who wants to be is
at work at something or other, and in the country the
cry is still for men to work the harvest machines. Like
ships, railroad cars are scarce, which delays shipments
of produce to the city. The merchants are so busy
that they cannot find time to complain, for which
blessed state of affairs thanks are due to the Goddess
of Prosperity. How long this commercial millennium
will continue is a conundrum; but there are no signs
at present that it will not continue indefinitely.
The Examiner pictured itself .yesterday as the boss
of the Democratic game, holding up very conspicu-
ously Phelan and Dodge as something like trump
cards. Rainey was not displayed. He is the card
evidently that is kept up the sleeve.
The international university contest in London on
Saturday was really a match of Cambridge and Ox
ford combined against Harvard alone. Yale wasn't
in it.
THE DUTY OF BUSINESS MEN.
rROM this time on until the polls close on elec
tion day, it is the duty of the business men of
San Francisco to devote no inconsiderable por
j tion of their thoughts and their energies to politics.
' Tiieir own interests require it. The welfare of the city
| demands it.
The situation is critical The officials to be elected
this fall will organize and inaugurate the municipal
government under the new charter. That government
will be largely in the way of an experiment, for in
many respects it will differ widely from that which
now exists. New and untried powers will be placed
in the hands of the officials and those of the Mayor
will be exceptionally great. Under such circum
j stances it is imperative that the making of the experi
! ment be intrusted to conservative, honest men, who.
i in addition to their honesty, have the sagacity to
! avoid blunders and the courage and firmness to resist
1 every pressure that may be put upon them to swerve
; them from the path of duty.
By what means shall the municipality be assured of
j such officials? To that question intelligence can give
i but one answer. To accomplish the election of good
' men, good men must go to work. The business inter
ests of the municipality will never be safeguarded un
, til the business men themselves stand guard.
There is no chance for an independent movement,
even if one were desirable. The government of the
! city will be intrusted either to the Democratic party
lor to the Republican party. Which shall it be? The
! business men, the property owners, the taxpayers,
i the intelligent workingmen of the community must i
\ decide. [
j Two factions contend for control of the Democratic
j party. One is led by Rainey, the other by Buckley.
! The Examiner, which but a short time ago boasted
! of having driven Rainey not only out of politics but
! out of the country as a fugitive to Canada, which has
I caricatured his features to the most brutal, the most
beastly forms its artists could depict, has now en
• tered into an alliance with him and fights on his side
! for supremacy in the party. The facts are notorious I
I and are known of all men. A Democratic victory at
j the polls will entail a municipal administration either
j under the domination of' Buckley or under that of
i Rainey and the Examiner.
I Can any business man face such a menace and re
' main indifferent? Can he ignore the fact that his j
private interests as a property owner, as well as his I
I duty as a citizen, require him to give heed to the
danger and to take steps to avert it? j
The Republican party has already given abundant
evidence of serving faithfully the public interests in
this campaign. An attempt of a few bosses to gain
advantage for themselves by providing for a blanket
ticket at the primary elections was defeated by the
protests of the Republican press and of the
rank and file of the party. A new arrange
ment has been .made by which the primaries
will be conducted in a manner that is fan
to all. Vigilance, however, will be required to
prevent illegal voting. Evidence has already been
disclosed of attempts to colonize illegal voters in the
Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Assembly districts.
The forces of corruption, it will be seen, have been
baffled but not beaten. The fight must be contin
ued until the polls close.
The issue is with the business men of the city.
If they will now organize for the contest
they can assure the election of good men
to the county convention. That in turn will
bring about the nomination of a strong ticket and
a strong county committee. The result will be vic
tory at the polls and a business administration under
the new charter. The outlook is promising, provided
the taxpayers will shake off their indifference and
attend to their political duties. Corruption and dema
gogy will not triumph if honesty and intelligence
are resolute to combat them.
REGULATIONS FOR AUTOMOBILES.
AN article in The Call on the regulation of auto
mobiles, called forth by a petition from a
dairyman asking a permit to run a motor milk
: wagon through the streets, has been misunderstood
:by the petitioner. He assumes that because we ad
i vocate some regulations for automobiles we are op
. posed to their introduction for general use, and he
I writes to protest and to declare that our "position is
I untenable."
If we had ever taken any position in opposition to
the coming vehicle, it would indeed be untenable.
We have never done so. In fact The Call has been
doing more to direct public attention to the merits
of the new vehicle and to promote its use than all
other papers on the Pacific Coast combined. At this
very time The Call in conjunction with its ally, the
: New York Herald, has an automobile making its
■ way under difficulties across the Continent for the
: purpose of testing the value of the vehicle for use on
', the average American country road. That experiment
I will be of vast importance in promoting the develop-
I ment of the use of the machine, for it will not only
' advertise it. but by the completeness and the severity
i of the test will show just what alterations and im
. provements are needed to make it generally available.
Every sort of vehicle used upon the streets of cities
jis subject to regulation. There are certain rules for
! street cars, for bicycles, for wagons and for carriages,
i and some regulation must be provided for the auto
| mobile. The Call has advocated no particular rules.
> It merely directed attention to the discussion of the
' subject now going on in Eastern cities, where automo
biles have become common. So far from seeking to
prevent the use of motor carriages on the streets,
The Call would be the first to combat any attempt to
enact ordinances that would handicap them.
BETTER LUCK NEXT TIME.
ACCORDING to all reports,* the athletic con
. tests between British universities represented
by Cambridge and Oxford on one side and
American universities represented by Harvard and
Yale on the other, were in every respect fairly con
tested and neither side has any complaint to make of
the other. Out of the nine events the British carried
off the honors in five and have therefore the glory of
the triumph. It is, however, a defeat in which the
Americans have nothing to mourn over except that
luck was against them. One of their crack men,
Burke of Harvard, who was counted on to win the
half-mile race, broke down from sickness, so that
race, and with it the victory of the whole, went to
the English.
As a rule international sporting events lead to so
much wrangling, no little gratification will be felt on
both sides of the ocean over the genuine good will
and good fellowship that has been shown in this con
test from first to last. Our men speak in high terms
of the way in which they hive been treated, and when
a return match is held in the .United States the cham
pions from Cambridge and Oxford will be made most
cordially welcome wherever they may go.
While the closely contested matches may be taken
as a fair enough exhibition of the comparative ath
letic excellence of the members of the competing
universities, they must not be regarded as in any
THE "SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, JULY 24, 1899.
1 right sense of the term a test of the university, ath
■ letes of the two countries. Cambridge and Oxford
may be said to represent the flower of university ath
! letics in Great Britain, but Harvard and Yale hold
jno such supremacy in this country. Pennsylvania,
j Princeton, Cornell and Columbia have frequently
I beaten them in all sorts of contests and there are
J Western universities which could doubtless do equally
j well against them, if opportunity were offered.
There has been some talk of making up a team from
j ail American colleges to contest with the British in
j the next match. It is not likely, however, that any
| such thing will be done. There is a good deal of social
caste and prestige in university life, and Harvard and
Yale are not likely to invite Western colleges to help
| them out, any more than Oxford and Cambridge are
1 likely to call upon the other universities of the United
Kingdom to furnish men for their teams.
The matches in fact are not international univer
sity contests. They are largely social functions car
ried on by the men of four great and wealthy univer
sities, where there is almost as much high life as in
tellectual life, and they are likely to remain so. If a
team were drawn from all American universities to
icpresent the best of our young athletes, it is not at
all improbable the interest in the event would be less
than what it is now. Harvard and Yale are no longer
dominant among our universities, but they have far
more prestige than any other and in our international
university contests we must stand or fall with them.
THE POLITICAL STAMPEDE.
THE extraordinary collection of associated false
hoods, which the Examiner is now daily pub
lishing, is the strongest possible evidence that
the labors of The Call and its allies for the restoration
of political decency have been fruitful, and that in
the approaching municipal canvass a stampede of
honest citizens toward the Republican organization is
inevitable.
The last freak of the Examiner is to represent itself
as a bare-legged girl with a soliciting expression,
holding in Tier right hand a picture of Mayor Phelan,
and in her left a photograph of the fusion Assessor,
who capitalized an increase of valuations of corpo
rate property but forgot that a discrimination of from
fifteen to thirty per cent against ordinary citizens was
a very poor argument in favor of a fusion assessment.
In connection with its pictorial illustration of its
own degradation, the Examiner undertakes to pre
sent a stock account of what it terms its "recent suc
cesses," among which it enumerates "defeat of the
Market Street Railway franchise grab" and also "im
portant reduction in rates for gas in San Francisco.'
It then proceeds to add to these remarkable victories
"the defeat of the Geary street franchise grab and of
the double-track job for tlte Mission, accomplished
by the Mayor, with the assistance of the sturdy mi
nority of the Board of Supervisors." and crowns its
succession of important falsehoods by observing that
"on top of all this comes the very important conces
sion of 25 cents per thousand feet reduction in gas
rates, forced from the corporations."
The Call has already done full justice to the Board
of Supervisors, which assuredly deserves credit for
the manner in which it has protected the municipal
welfare against the Examiner, the Mayor and the
Assessor. But the mendacious catalogue of
the Examiner deserves at least a slight recog
nition. When the wholesale scheme of rob
bery by the Market Street Railway Company had
been defeated, through the integrity of the
Board of Supervisors, sustained by The Call and
to some extent by other local newspapers, it was
generally conceded that proper street railway facilities
should be afforded to the northeastern part of the
peninsula. Then a final effort to steal from the
municipality and to bar out possible competition was
made by the proposed new franchise on Grant ave
nue and Bush street, and this defeated project. was.
distinctly advocated by the Examiner's candidate for
re-election to the office of Mayor, whose physiognomy
fills the right hand of the maiden whom the fusion
organ has specialized as its representative. '
The reduction of the rates for gas from Si 75 to
$1 50 per thousand feet was another serious injury
inflicted upon the community through Mayor Phelan
and the Examiner. It had been proved, over and
over again, that the rate of $1 10 per thousand feet,
incorporated into the resolutions that originated in
Mayor Phelan's office and were adopted by the Board
of Supervisors, covered an ample profit upon the
actual capitalization of the gas monopoly, and even
a very ordinary exhibition of backbone would have
secured to our taxpayers a rate of $1 35- But, in the
first place, the Mayor's resolutions were not worth
the paper upon which they were written, and in the
second place, when the negotiations for settlement
transpired, the shrewd lawyers and manipulators for
the lighting corporations handled him with an case
that must have been surprising to themselves.
Here are two facts alone, with which the people of
San Francisco are familiar, that demonstrate the
absurd recklessness of the Examiner. The practical
advance toward the overthrow of political bosses and
of corporate dominancy, of which so many proofs
have been recently furnished, has been due almost
entirely to Republican integrity and has been achieved
in the face of the fusion organ and of its candidates
for Mayor and for Assessor. *
The Call repeats that in municipal politics at least,
this is a Republican year, and that now as in 1896
and in 1808. Examiner leadership treads the easy road
to degradation and to failure.
The statement of the Canadian Premier that the
Alaskan boundary dispute must be settled by arbi
tration on the basis propjsed by Canada or there will
be a fight, may be taken as the most decided expres
sion of a willingness to see Canada annexed to the
United States that has yet come from an official rep
resentative of the Dominion.
There is not a great deal of probability that the
trust in spiritualism projected by Mrs. Mary Ellen
Lease will work. Mary Ellen can never be the only
ghost dancer in the business while Peffer can cry
out from behind his whiskers now and again that it
is all a mistake to number him among the dead.
The other day a member of Parliament attempted
to enter the Parliament house yard in .n automobile,
but was stopped by the police; and from the ruction
that followed it is evident the incident will be the only
one of the kind that will ever happen in British his
tory.
»
The finding of a silver brick in Lake Merritt has
caused some stir in Oakland. How it got there is a
mystery. Had it been a gold brick the suspicion
would have arisen at once that Governor Gage had
been on the banks.
The silly season appears to be raging with unusual
severity in the East this summer some people over
there are talking of Senator Morgan as a Presiden
tial probability.
Oxford and Cambridge have a right to rejoice, but
we would have done 'em up if Tommy Burke hadn't
got the stomach ache.
DEEP MINING STORIES.
AN EXPOSITION TRIUMPH.
A NEW MINERAL FOUND.
ON FILIPINO MINING.
PNEUMATIC PROSPECTING.
The California mining industry has
J scored an unexpected triumph in rela
i tion to the Paris Exposition as did the
■ viticultural industry. The California min
| ing display is to get one-fourth of the
entire -space allotted to the United
! States. This should stimulate enterpris
; ing co-operation with the California com
| mission in placing the finest and most
; effective exhibit possible under the rules
of the exposition.
The arrangements for State exhibits
were consigned to Victor C. Heikes by F.
i V. Skiff, director of the United States
I mining exhibit. Mr. Heikes, as special |
J commissioner, visited several Western j
mining States, finding nowhere organized
' preparations for representative State ex
hibits. He talked to men and organiza
i tions, explained the plans and conditions
; of the exhibit, told what was wanted and
! solicited,, with considerable success,
1 efforts to gather an exhibit in each State.
j But when he got to San Francisco two
; weeks ago he found an active and able
| commission at work with $130,000 at its
I back and that it had already made liberal
i plans for the largest mining exhibit pos-
s ible and put the matter in the hands of
Charles G. Yale, perhaps vie most com
petent man in the .Stale for the work.
ii" soon learned more about the greatness
of the industry in this State and about
its unapproached variety of mineral re
sources than he ever knew before. He
talked with Mr. Yale and heartily ap
- proved his selection as he did his pre
'■ liminary plans and ideas. He decided that
all he had to do here was to explain
the wants and conditions of the exhibit,
i give California room according to its
merits and enterprise and leave the rest
with -Mr. Yale.
The result of his study and his confer
ences with the commissioners, Secretary
Gaskill and Mr. Yale, was that he allot
ted practically one-fourth of the space
given the United States to California.
' Like every other feature of the exposi
tion the mining exhibit requires com
pression and the whole United States ex
-1 hibit will not cover much area, but then
it fares better than other countries and
California gets a quarter of its share—
, and that is not one-forty-flfth. The
United States display of mineral speci
mens will be in sixteen big cabinets, and
California may fill four all by itself. Then
it may camp on a large share of the re
maining floor area. The figures cannot
' be given now.
Til.- plans for the California display
I will be rapidly developed, and when an
nounced will be found to include some
unique features, some of which must wait
1 for approval; There will be a pyramid of
asphaltum, a great number of enlarge i
photographs, 22x2$ inches, illustrating
every phase of mining; probably a minia
ture stamp mill operating on ore, and oth
er things that will attract universal at
tention. The mineralogical display will
include every mineral occurring in the
, State. The California exhibit cannot be
comprehensively labeled as such by big
signs, as under exposition rules the whole
will be the "United States exhibit," but
j each specimen or other will be labeled
! with the names of the State and mine or
: locality from which it comes, and most of
the State exhibit will be together. Califor
nia has thus before it its greatest oppor
tunity to advertise its mineral resources
' and mining Industry and opportunities.
The new strike in the tlwin mine, Cala
' veras County, turns out to be a bigger
' thing than was reported a week or two
ago. In its significance to the mining in
dustry along the mother lode it is the
, most important development in that great
; mining region in a good while. The al
most phenomenal success attending the
reopening of this long abandoned old
mine during the past two years has of
itself been a big thing for the mother
lode.
: The great body of good milling ore
I reached at depth by a new shaft, showing
■ it to be yet one of the richest mine-- along
I the" lode and indicating that the eld work-
I ings left millions in the unworked ground,
! was another demonstration that the moth,
er lode veins "go down" and that deep
mining will pay there. Th.- comparatively
recent developments of large bodies of
good ore at great depths in such reopened
mines as tin- Gwin, Kennedy, Argonaut.
Oneida and others increase faith in the
mother lode and encourage mining capi
talists, to do likewise. The result is and
will be the investment of miliums in deep
mining propositions on the mother lode.
But another significance of the new
strike in the Qwin is that it shows the
possibility of not only following the orig
inal veins to great depths profitably, but
that new and rich veins may be discov
ered at depth. The main vein in the Gwin
; dips easterly from 70 to 80 degrees. The
new vertical shaft was located so as to
cross the vein at over 1200 feeL It was
continued vertically downward, with the
usual plan of crosscut ling to the vein at
different levels, and two weeks ago had
reached a depth of 1570 feet.
At this point a vein of ore was unex
pectedly encountered. It dipped about 77
degrees parallel to the main vein and 160
feel west of it. Three drill holes were
' at once put in and they showed thick-
I nesses of from 18 to -- inches. First sam-
I pies from the hanging wall side assayed
I 18972 and $12713. Drillings from the hole.
' went $9 71, $2129 and $17 57. It was from
I the developments at this stage that the
brief information in the press last week ;
: was based.
Later reports received by Secretary .1.
J. Crawford in San Francisco during the
past week from Assistant Superintendent
! David McClure show that at ten feet
j more of depth the vein was widening and
| its average value being sustained. In his
report of last week Mr. McClure says:
"The shaft was sunk ten feet the past
week, making the total depth 1585 feet. At
■ a depth of 1578 feet ore was encountered
in the west or foot wall side of the shaft.
It extends the whole length of the shaft,
having the same dip and parallel to the
east or main ledge, which is about 180
feet to the east. It has a good gouge on
both foot and banging walls. The foot
wall is blackish gray slate and the hang
ing wall is pudding stone rock, although
at present there is a filling of about two
• feet of black slate, with quartz stringers
■ betweeen the hanging wall side of the
quartz and the pudding wall. The hang
! ing or pudding wall is very even and Is
; slickenside polished across the shaft. The
! ore is hard, compact sulphuretted ribbon
' quartz, with an average thickness of two
I feet, carrying coarse free gold, and may
be classed as high grade rock, milling say
$15 per ton. We have been making a
| number of assays of various samples
I taken and all our sample assays of the
ore have been high. We picked the ore
down an average thickness of two feet
the whole length of the shaft and took
a 100-pound sample, using care in crush
ing, handling and assaying. The assay
obtained from this sample was $27 90. It
ls my opinion that we have found a west
ledge parallel to our main east ledge."
Greatness has come to the Gwin since
Senator Voorhies, F. F. Thomas and the
j Belshaws bought the 1400-foot water hole
i from the Gwin estate at a bargain about
I three years ago. The new shaft devel
oped a strong body of good milling ore,
of which Superintendent Thomas esti
mates there is 120,000 tons, averaging from i
; $6 to $7. already in sight. A small streak
iof phenomenally rich ore was found i
nearly two years ago, and a large body I
of $15 ore was recently struck In the main
vein. Twenty stamps were recently or- j
dered added to the twenty now dropping,
; and the new mill will be ready in Octo- I
ber. Further enlargement of the plant is ]
probable. The company recently reorgan
ized as the Gwin Mine Development com
pany, with an increased capital stock of
I $1,000,000. C. S. Benedict and D. W. Hy
land added to the capital available. The
stock is held above par, and is not for
sale.
The greatest and most interesting deep
mining operation going on along the lode
is that at the Kennedy, already the deep
est gold mine in the United States (over
2400 feet). The present shaft Is on the In
cline A new triple-compartment vertical
shaft has been started 1900 feet from the
old shaft. It is calculated that if the vein ;
preserves Its present dip it will be cut at
the great depth of 8500 feet. The shaft
i may nave to go deeper to reach the vein,
and how much further it may go will de
; pend on future developments down there.
I The new shaft is being driven with en
ergy and skill, and its record will be of
' much interest to the mining world. It
i has reached about 400 feet, and it will be
! a good while before the contemplated
depths are attained.
On the 1900-foot level a crosccut will be
I run from the old shaft to the line of the
new one, and from there the new shaft
j will be driven upward as well as. down
\ ward. When the new shaft is completed
■ to the 1900-foot level the mine will be
worked through It while sinking contin- I
! ues. Other lower crosscuts will be run,
! and the dip and nature of the vein will ,
ibe kept track of by crosscuts as the ;
i shaft goes below the deepest present I
i workings. At 2400 feet the Kennedy has a j
large- and rich body of ore. and there is j
I no circumstance or reason to warrant a |
, belief that the mine— and the whole lode—
j will not display as good bodies of ore at ,
' 4000 or 5000 feet as at 1000 or 2000 feet.
The profitable working of the Kennedy ;
I at 3500 or 4000 feet would be the biggest
| advertisement throughout the world that
! the mother lode has ever had. At; 3500
feet, where it Is planned to first reach the
vein, the mine will exceed the world s
present record for gold mining, that or j
3000 feet in the Ballarat mines in Aus- ,
tralia, by 500 feet, though much greater
depths have been reached In other mines.
The Kennedy enterprise is the boldest op
i eration known to California Quartz mm- !
' ing, which needs boldness, faith and
money, along with good judgment. The
Kennedy company assumes that there is
a large quantity of pay ore more than
1000 feet lower than the deepest gold-mine ;
workings in America, and hundreds lower
than the deepest in the world; and on c
that proposition it gambles an investment :
that will reach into the hundreds of
thousands. v . ;
A new mineral has been added to Call- j
i fornia's big share of this natural king
dom It is corundum. Years ago Baron
Rlchtofen thought he observed corundum
crystals in some Los Angeles Count.
'■ gravel, but no specimen was ever Identi
fied and preserved, and that doubtful re
port was the only one ever scientifically
given. '••'■': , _ .
But now it has really turned up. J. A.
Edman has found a deposit in places in
Plumas County and last week Curator
j Durden of the State Mining Bureau Muse- ,
: urn received from him and displayed some
! specimens. Mr. Edman is a miner and
mineralogist who has operated a mine
lin Plumas County for some years. He
! recently discovered the crystals in white
feldspar at the edge of a porphyry' dike
near Meadow Valley, Plumas County. \
: The largest measured about three-fourths j
by two and a half Inches.
The discovery is probably of more scien- i
tific than ecomonic importance. The pres
ent commercial production of corundum
is confined to North Carolina. In 1897 the :
yield was 230 tons, but the industry is not
profitable. Corundum is used as an!
abrasive for grinding, polishing, etc., as ,
is garnet and emery, but its use is now >
greatly lessened by the superior though
more expensive artificial product called :
carborundum. Corundum sells for from
. 5 to 10 cents per pound, according to form
and quality and carborundum at from |
! S to 15 cents. A large deposit, easily :
worked and cheap transportation would
be required for profit. Corundum, like j
■ emery, sapphire and other minerals and ,
gems, is crystallized alumina.
R. H. Postlethwaite, the gold dredge |
I inventor and operator, is experimenting ,
with a novel way of inspecting bedrock
after the dredge buckets have scraped it. |
Dredge buckets cannot dig gold out of >
crevices and little holes, and in dredging
, it is well to know about the gold left on j
! the bedrock. The contrivance is a tube |
with an electric light on the inside near]
the lower end and shaded from above. J
The tube is sunk in the muddy water to j
bedrock, filled with air at sufficient pres- j
sure to keep out the water. The strongly
! illuminated bedrock can be seen by look- I
ing down th" tube, and by moving it about
the bedrock is explored. It is propose- to
suspend the tube from the front of the
dredge for frequent use.
Field Assistant J. H. Means of the I
State Mining Bureau has received an in- 1
teresting letter from Manila relating *
largely to the mineral resources of the ,
Philippines. It is from John A. Avirett. j
an experienced mining man of intelli- j
gence, who has mined for years in this :
State and in Mexico, and who before the
outbreak of the war was for two years !
superintendent of the Gold Coin mine at j
Randsburg. Patriotism led him to enlist
as a volunteer, and he Is a non-commis- i
sioned officer with the California Artillery j
at Cavite. His interest in mining has led
him to Investigate the mining opportuni
ties of the Philippines to the small ex- '>
- tent possible to him, and he writes as
follows:
"I have been able to learn practically i
1 nothing about mining except that in the !
i provinces of Camarines there exist quite
a number of large, well developed quartz
veins In gneiss that show as high as ten
to twelve feel width of clean quarts im
pregnated with auriferous pyrites of
both ci pper and Iron and that also much |
tetrahederite, some oxide and still more
carbonate Is found back of the coast in
the more remote hills, all said to be
auriferous and some argentiferous. I have I
been shown specimens of both coarse and i
steel galena found as float in large quan- j
tities, but it is said that no effort has
been made to trace up the veins. North- |
crn Luzon is rich in copper, many native I
masses of which have been shown here.
"The. military situation is such that it
is impossible to verify all these reports, !
and the Spaniard is so consistent and per
sistent a liar that you naturally conclude I
that he avoids the truth on all occasions. !
: There is much lignite coal of a very good
quality scattered all through the group,
' with some veins partly developed at Can- !
tanduanes by the Gil brothers, who sell i
1 it to trading steamers at about $13 (Mcx- j
ican) per ton. the cost of extraction to
them being about $4 (Mexican) per ton.
Mines here promise to be very wet as the
rainfall is great and the country* a huge
sponge. Some attempts at coal digging
had to be abandoned by Spaniards, who
use no pumps, on some coal prospects :
I near Albay dipping 30 degrees into the
hill.
"Miners would better stay out of this I
i country for at least a year after the na- !
! tives surrender, for bands of so-called
Tulizanes will be the result of the break- :
Ing up of the Filipino armies. They are
bands of robbers that Spain was never
able to suppress. They rob and kill im
partially, and their capture In the hills j
and jungles is rather uncertain. The peo
pie of these islands will never be ef- j
ficient workmen, for while extremely in
telligent they are lazy, proud and treach
: erous, and could give Judas cards and j
; spades. After all said and done, the tak
ing of these islands, I sincerely think, will j
be a bitter day for the United States."
The Los Angeles Times says that there I
is more prospecting being done on the j
• desert now than during any year since the
discovery of the Randsburg mines. From
! Mojave on the west to the Colorado River
] on the east, and all the way south of the
j Tehachapl range of mountains, all the
i camps are busy. The Ballarat region has
■ never looked so promising as now; the
I Rademacher district is substantiating its
first claims to the possession of rich ore
bodies; in the Rand district there is not
a stamp idle, and other districts are live
ly with prospecting, developing and pro
ducing. -'-•.-
The Golden Key Mining Company, op
erating in Tuolumne County, has elected I
the following officers: C. Nauman, presi
dent; W. H. Snyder, vice president; A. j
W. McQueen, secretary; F. A. Wallln, !
treasurer. ;■-.
Quite a number of mining properties '
i have been bonded in Tuolumne County !
| within the past week or two by people I
who will develop them under bond. Some i
• are close to noted properties. This sort i
j of work going on so steadily all through j
1 the mining regions means the addition t t I
: many new mines to the list of producers I
I In the future.
A number of mines in the vicinity of j
! Mojave are shipping ore to San Francis
j co for redu"»'nn. J. O. DENNY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
E. A. Dean, U. S. A., is a guest at the
Lick.
W. Forsyth, a Fresno capitalist, is regis
tered at the Occidental.
W. C. Gardner, a fruit buyer of Chicago,
is a guest at the Palace.
E. E. A'incint, a well known merchant of
Madera, is a guest at the Lick. i. : X
F. H. Smith, a prominent attorney of
Sacramento, is a guest at the Grand.
Ernest L. Flnley of the Santa Rosa
Democrat is a guest at the California.
Judge J. W. Mohan and L. A. Hall are
both registered at the Lick from Bakers
field.
George E. Gard, ex-United States Mar
shal at Los Angeles, is staying at the
Grand.
J. D. Ludwig, a mining man of Marl-
posa, is among last night's arrivals at
the Grand.
Dr. XV. H. Greenberg, one of the leading
physicians cf Albuquerque, N. Mex., is a
guest at the Grand.
M M. Crowley, a fruit and commission
man of Sacramento, is one of the late ar
rivals at the Lick. V.
F. Dillv. a wealthy mine owner of Flag
staff. Ariz., was among yesterday's ar
rivals at the Palace.
R. H McGowan has come up from
Menlo Park and is registered at the Oc
cidental with his wife.
W A Veith. a vinevardistof Fresno, is
staying at the Grand while on a short
business trip to the city.
John A. Meyers of New York and
L C. Greenlee of Denver are two of the
recent arrivals at the Occidental.
James J. Peterson of Charlestown. W.
Va., arrived at the Occidental yesterday
from the southern part of the State.
P D Quick, a prominent resident of
Woodland, is a guest at the Palace, as
is also H. Munchmeyer of Hamburg.
W. P. Camille Piper, a French gentle
man, who expects to remain a month or
so in the city, is registered at the Palace.
Mr and Mrs Thomas H. Robbins are
registered at the Palace. Mrs. Robbins
until a few days ago was Miss Alice Ames
of this city.
Mr. and Mrs. P. G. de Back of Walnut
Creek are at the Lick. Mr. De Back re
cently returned from Dawson, where he
was one of the fortunate ones.
R. A. Hemphill, business manager of the
Atlanta Constitution, is at the Occidental
with his wife and two daughters. They
are on the coast for recreation.
Mrs. J. Sloat Fassett. Mrs. K. B.
Crocker and Miss C. M. Field arrived in
the city yesterday from New York and
registered at the Palace. Mrs. Fassett'3
son and daughter accompany the party.
United States Marshal H. Z. Osborne of
Los Angeles Is at the Palace, en route to
the Coffee Creek region of Trinity Coun
ty, "where he is developing some promis
ing mining properties, and where ho will
remain three or four weeks. He believes
that Northern California, with its exten
sive mineral resources and small develop
ment, offers greater opportunities for in
vestment just now than any other part of
the State.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Holland's naval budget for ISO. is $6,676.
--000, of which $1,775,000 is for the personnel
and $2,860,000 for new construction, ord
nance, torpedoes, etc.
The Belleville boiler is used ln 44 French
ships of war, 27 Russian. 52 British. 7
Japanese. 2 Austrian and one each in the
Spanish, Argentine, Chilean and Italian
navies.
The Argentine vessel of war lost last
month on the island of Blanca, in the
Camerone Bay, was the Villarino, an ord
nance transport of 1000 tons and alleged
to have a speed of twenty-five knots.
A British gunboat named the Gwendo
line has-been launched and commissioned
on Lake Nyanza. She is 130 feet in length,
ten feet longer than the German gunboat
Wiseman, which was hitherto the only
war vessel on this African lake.
During the approaching British naval
! maneuvers 118 war vessels and about 25.000
I men will participate. One of the principal
j objects of the maneuvers is to exhaust
] ively study the value of torpedo-boat de
■ stroyers, of which fifty-four are to be
; engaged.
The Majestic, British battleship, took
on board recently at Portsmouth dockyard
1530 tons of coal in fourteen hours. H.
previous records were 161 and 172 tons per
1 hour, but considering that this latest coal
j ing was done from one side only the per
j formance is excellent.
To guard against gas accumulating and
exploding in coal bunkers on board ship.
the British Admiralty has issued orders
to the. channel fleet that bunkers are to
be opened three hours daily for six days
after coaling. Thereafter they are to be
opened for periods twice a week.
Retirement ages of officers ln the French
navy were changed during the last days
of M. L-ockroy's administration, and are
; now as follows: Vice admirals at 65, rear
! admirals changed from 62 to 60, captains
from 60 to 65; commanders 58 to 50 and
• lieutenants from 53 to 45. This law is to
be gradually carried into effect, reaching
the last two grades in 1907. A new rank,
; corresponding to that of lieutenant com
mander in our navy, has also been es
! tablished, and 150 lieutenants taken from
' the head of seniority have been selected
! to become "lieutenants de vaisseauma
i jors."
The performance of the Japanese tor
pedo-boat Akebone was six runs over
the measured mile, during which the
highest speed was 31.226 knots and the
lowest 31.08, making an average of 31.159
knots. The vessel was launched April
24 and made her trial ten days later.
One peculiarity about the construction
of the Akebone is that in the riveting of
the upper strakes the heads of the rivets
are not countersunk, but left projecting
over the plate. This supports the plate
and tends to stiffen it against any Inclina
tion to buckle, which latter is quite likely;
to happen in boats of that type where tha
thickness of plates has been reduced to
the utmost limit of safety.
Several types of water-tube boilers hava
been tested ln the German navy, notably
the Niclausse (French), the Schultz (Ger
man) and the Thornycroft (English), and
the latter has been adopted for the ships
under construction. The experience With
the new style of boilers has been costly
and caused several accidents and much
annoyance on board German naval ves
sels. The cruiser Hertha, for example,
which accompanied the yacht Hohenzol
lern up the Mediterranean when the Em
peror visited Palestine, could not keep up
with the yacht, notwithstanding tho
Hertha was rated at twenty-one knots
speed, against the Hohenzollern's eighteen
knots. One stoker died from exhaustion
and several sailors were incapacitated
during the voyage owing to lack of air
supply In the firerooms. The Hertha was
finally taken to Genoa, where, at an ex
pense of $100,000. the most glaring defects
were remedied. Another case is that of
the Gazelle, fitted with Niclausse boilers.
Her trials were unsatisfactory and tho
entire arrangement of her boilers has now
to be reorganized, which will take at least
six months and cost many thousand dol
lars. The chief complaint and defect ap
pears to be excessive heat in the firerooma
and lack of ventilation. It is presumed
that the Navy Department will have the.
latter important factor in efficiency thor
oughly studied out in the installation of
the Niclausse boiler in the battleship
Maine and likewise in the Raleigh. In tha
latter ship the heat in the fireroom ran
up to 170 degrees, making It unendurable
for the firemen and engineers.
Cal.glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.-
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Lord Chief Justice Russell was obliged
to. take part in a coroner's inquest at his
own house recently, one of the guests
having died suddenly in an epileptic lit
As Lord Chief Justice of England he is
the chief coroner of the kingdom.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with,
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and ls the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists ln every
part of the world. Be sure and uk for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup, -25c a tottle.
HOTEL DEL CO RON A DO— advantage
of the round trip tickets. Now only $80 by
steamship. including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $2 60 per day. Apply ot 4
New Montgomery street, San Frwclsco.PROGRESS OF RELIGIOUS LIFE AND THOUGHT
JESUS THE JEW I GIiERQy ON l^qipSOLlj J JUBILEE OF TRINITy
JESUS WAS A JEW
AMONG THE JEWS
Celebrated Lecture of
H. Weinstock in Y.
M. C. A. Hall.
H. WEINSTOCK LECTURING ON ".JESUS THE JEW."
THE auditorium of the Young Men's
Christian Association building, on
Mason street, was filled to "stand
ing room only" with the audience
that gathered yesterday afternoon
to listen to the address of H. Weinstock,
who had come down from his home
in Sacramento for the express purpose of
delivering his celebrated lecture. "Jesus
'^c Jew."
I To the observer it was not the magnl
le of the audience, great as that was,
that struck him most forcibly. It was its j
•nposition. . Jewish rabbi and Christian
minister sat side by side and listened to
discourse that evoked repeated bursts
applause from appreciative Catholic, i
stestant and Hebrew. All creeds were j
iresented and every sect found some
ng in the masterly and liberal lecture
approve of and indorse.
Ir. Weinstock spoke to the followers
no particular religion; he appealed to ■
i communicants of no particular faith; I
i efforts were directed alike to Jew and
utile, and his object was to plead for
the universal brotherhood of man, with
t one God to watch over and he wor
iped by all. Mr. Weinstock spoke as
lows:
king back into my early boyhood
vs the picture Is vividly brought to my
nd of the old rabbi under whose in
action 1 received my religious training, ;
I recall upon one occasion how one of
> pupils in me way brought into the
religious school a book containing the ,
me of Jesus. I remember when this
was made known by some other lad who
had noticed it with what indignation the
rabbi spoke, and how he regard the act
as most sacrilegious and deserving of the ■
severest .sure. .
I remember how aroused and impas
sioned he became while recounting th?
frightful sufferings md calamities which
had been visited upon the Jews, for all of
which, in his opinion, Jesus was pri
marily responsible. 'How, then," he con
cluded, "could any self-respecting, loyal
Jew take into his hand . en a book con
taining the name of Jesus? How could
the name of Jesus he thought of without
connecting it in the mind of the Jew with
the centuries of human outrage and
persecution visited upon him by the fol
lowers of Jesus?"
Jesus Christ as a Jew.
For many years these utterances and
teachings clung to my mind, and doubt
less had their influence in warping my
thoughts and coloring my opinions. I
could not but sympathize with the feel- j
ings and sentiments •■: my people, and in l
common with my orthodox teacher feel
within mv heart and soul that the badge'
of suffering had been placed upon the
Jew by the words and acts of Jesus. All
this I felt before I had had an opportu
nity to read and to think for myself be
fore the words and the deeds and the sen
timents of the Nazarene were known to i
me. In time the life of the man from
Galilee became to me of profound Inter- |
est; I read the story of ids life as told in i
the Xew Testament; I read the conception
of Jesus as portrayed by Borne of the I
ablest modern Jewish and Christian j
scholars; I carefully studied his utter
ances as presented in the gospel - and
the picture of this great and wonderful
character grew to me to be a very dif- j
fcrent one from that painted by my ven
erable and pious but uninformed Hebrew j
teacher. I found that, according to New
Testament traditions. Jesus was born a i
Jew. lived a Jew, died a Jew. I found that
he preached nothing but Judaism in its ]
purest and simplest form. I found that |
the thought of establishing a new belief, i
or even a new sect, was farthest from his j
mind, that his aim was not to ' follow
after the heathens, but to seek out the
lost sheep of the house of Israel. I found
that his mission seemed to be to uplift
the lowly and to expose wickedness in
high places. I found that he gave his
heart, his soul, and his very being to the
poor, to the sick and to the needy. He
said: "I am not come to heal the sound;
I have been sent unto the sick." I founds,
that he was a man of unbounded sympa
thies and of great moral courage, that he
was simply striving to practice and to
preach the moral code established by
Moses and the prophets, and to literally
put into practice in his daily life the great
law-giver's precept of "love thy neighbor
as thyself." I found his teachings con
sisted chiefly In preaching:
"Blessed are the poor in spirit.
"Blessed are they that mourn.
"Blessed are the meek.
"Blessed are they that hunger and
thirst after righteousness.
"Blessed are the merciful.
"Blessed are the pure in heart.
"Blessed are the peacemakers.
"Blessed are they which are persecuted
for righteousness' sake."
I found these were .-ci 1 Jewish teachings
reduced to a clear and simple form, which
the most orthodox and pious Jew could
not but accept as a part of his own faith.
Why, then, was it that, as the outcome
of such ethical Jewish utterances, the
Jew should ha-. been so mistreated by
the followers of Jesus and Jesus so much
contemned by the Jews?
Then followed, on my part, a study of
Christianity and the causes which led to j
Jewish persecution. It took but little
reading to learn that Paul, the Grecian
Jew, and not Jesus, was the real founder
of Christianity; that Paul was the man
who conceived the Idea of spreading Juda
ism among the gentiles by preaching the
God of Israel and the man Jesus' the son
!of God. I found it was Paul's heroic
qualities which enabled him. despite the
severest persecution from Jew and gen
: tile, to surround himself with a large fol
j lowing, not of Jews alone, but of heathens
as well, who became believers in the Jew
ish. God and worshipers of the Jewish
carpenter Jesus, whom they accepted as
the son of God sent upon earth to save
the human family.
Judaism Sought Not Converts.
Judaism never went out to proselyte
among strangers: its followers had so
i much faith in the truth which it taught
! that the; patiently waited for strangers
| through their own convictions to come of
j their own accord and knock for admission
'at the doors of Judaism. Xot so with
j Paul; his Idea was to unite the whole hu
man race under one belief. He soon real
ized, however, how hopeless the task,
: should he insist upon the observance upon
the part of the heathen of the severe and
rigid ceremonialism of the Jew. To Paul
the spirit was all in all, the form noth
) ing. Not that Paul loved the letter of the
law ess but that he loved the spirit of
his religion still more. He clearly saw
: that the Apostles of Jesus, by their un
■ willingness to let one jot or tittle pass
from the law, would permit the spiritual
wave to die out which Jesus had created.
j Paul saw a magnificent opportunity to
spread among the millions of heathens the
i beautiful truths of Judaism. But he real
ized that this could be done only by ig
> noring the letter of the Jewish law and
by preaching Its spirit. Thus, from
j the very beginning do we find that
much which was done by Paul and others
; in the name of Jesus was done of their
own volition, against the manifest spirit
! and teachings of Jesus, and for which he
should not be held responsible. No one
deplores the savage and cruel persecution
carried on in the name of Jesus to which
1 for hundreds of years the Jew was sub
jected more than does the intelligent
Christian of to-day, who looks upon the
record of priestly crime and bloodshed, of
religious torture and outrage, as a blot
on the fair name of Christianity and a
stain on the memory of the gentle Xaza
zene.
The Jew of to-day resents the idea of
being held responsible for the crucifixion
of Jesus. The Jew of to-day must not,
therefore, bold the memory of Jesus re
sponsible for acts committed by h.s blind
ed followers after Ids death, and in vio
lence to his teachings of non-resistance.
Imagine, if you can, this gentle teacher
in Israel coming baCK to life and seeing
his Catholic follower burning at the stake
his Protestant follower, all in the name
of Jesus: or, imagine him returned to
earth and finding both his Catholic and
Protestant worshipers persecuting in his
'• name the members of the faith in which
1 he was born and lived and died— persecut-
I ing his own brethren whom he loved, and
for whom he stood ready to make any
sacrifice. What, think you, would be his
feelings? Unless his spirit was very dif
ferent from the one given him by his dis
ciples such scenes would rack and ais
tract him. To feel himself the innocent
cause for the shedding of innocent blood
would make him cry' out in tne agony of
j his soul and to stretch out his hands in
I the attempt to stop the murderous work
I going on In his name. If he could come to
' life again and learn of the myriads of
! helpless men and women who, in his
j name, have been racked and tortured and
! put to horrible deaths, he would bemoan
i the hour that first gave him birth, and
i feel himself to have been a blighting curse
! where he had hoped to be a blessing.
I Christianity and Judaism are supple
; mental to each other. Had there been no
I Judaism there could have been no Chris
j tianity. Had there been no Christianity
I the message of Judaism could not have
i become so speedily universalized. There
; is ample room in this broad world for the
followers of both beliefs to accomplish.
Bide by side, a most heroic religious and
I moral work.
it is not necessary that Jew shall be
come Christian, nor that Christian shall
become Jew; each in his own way can be
true to his faith and can continue to ob
: serve the laws of God as he understands
; them— to worship his creator in accord-
I ance with the dictates of his own con
science. Both may continue to live side
hy side in peace and in harmony, respect
j ing each other's beliefs, manifesting the
fullest tolerance for each other's religious
opinions, giving each other credit for good
intentions, loving each other for their vir
tues and casting the mantle of charity
over each other's failings. ' ' " v' ■'"•
May Jew and christian continue to seek
out the many beliefs they have in com
mon and to join hands in working to
gether for common humanity.
A Liberal Spirit Necessary."
May the Christian continue to preach
and to practice the ethics of Judaism
as set forth in the Old as well as in the
New Testament. May he strive to elimi
• nate from Christianity the elements of
! paganism grafted Into it during Its earlier
history, and may his doctrines become
■ still more purified and brought back to ;
. the pure and simple belief taught by the
| humble carpenter from Galilee.
May each of us. ln our own way, strive
I to fulfill the noble teachings of our be-
I liefs and to aim to live in accordance
i with the many lofty and beautiful truths
I imbibed at the breast of Judaism by the
I Nazarene and by Paul, which they gave
i back to the world clothed in a newer and
brighter form.
May we, as Jews, and you, as Chris
tians, in this spirit, learn to truly love
our neighbors as ourselves, and, by ex
ample as well as by precept, become na
tions of priests and a blessing to the
human family.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 24, 1899.
PRIESTS AND
MINISTERS TALK
OF INGERSOLL
Good and Bad in the
Agnostic's Life.
— —
HIS METHODS ARE CRITICIZED
— ♦ —
FATHER MacCORRY BESPEAKS
MERCY FOR HIS SOUL.
Rev. W. D. Dugan Talks of the Folly
of the Man Who Presumed to be
Himself Against the
Almighty.
In several churches, both in this city
and in Oakland, the late Robert G. Inger
soll. his life and teachings, formed the
subject of the pastors' sermons yesterday
afternoon and evening.
Father MacCorry, pastor of Old St.
Mary's Church, took for his text last
evening a most striking and suggestive
sentence from the printed reports of Rob
ert G. Ingersoll's death: "He died with
out an instant's warning— half-spoken
word still upon his lips."
■'I have stepped aside," said the speaker in
part, •'from the theme with which I intended
to occupy my-elf to-day— startled out of every
other line of thought by the announcement
flashed yesterday across the continent that
Robert Ingersoll, the arch blashphemer of the
closing quarter of our century, was dead.
'Died.' says the record, 'without an instants
warning— half-spoken word still upon his
lips."
"Sometimes it was so very hard to be patient
his sarcasm was so merciless, his ridicule so
crn_. He would rob us of our Christian death
bed cons^ation— the 'larger hope' on which we
Trinity Church Celebrates Its Fiftieth Anniversary.
._._ _.:.. i --:.-_ y,„. ;_ their misfor
-* TCL-mild substitute instead a freezing
lean, arrf wwl^ -suwtr positives of the _ pel
sneer. *For,the {, braclnß negative,
he would give, us an a do __ n th ,_
■I do not knov. He ]^nt st rf
v_rT chlself™ 'V story of the resurrection
i-Smttft; •» j. _ s _ ]
"But that was s*-"'"'" himself has been
He has enteredSWhat*b^Wm^^ g
anTreV? To-day iS-SEtt weighed in the
though" now in the Presence of
his^s s^ve 1 thoughts of kindness. £.££
e TnS? : s- -*s
mgiinnuS ;^;:^
the - r ..,t white «£«,£*« comprehensible
gracious hands of God.
REV. W. E. DUGAN
TALKS OF INGERSOLL
Stewart Memorial United Presbyterian
Church held an interested audience yes
terday evening, who listened to an ad
dress by their pastor. Rev. \\ . E. uugan,
on the late Colonel R. G. Ingersoll l The
sermon "as masterly in •»««£«£
The distinguished Ingersoll has passed away
The distinguished Ingen r*» i genius of
gS «__ , B_?__«
presumed to feet m J»seu »? governs
101 l has «2^h?*2Sf«« though Ingersoll had
the universe the same m v « overthrow the
_^___^S^ssssxs.
Moses and other -parts . oi £W
S^ _ff«fiSSS*^B a house, but any
'tllXt'lng-soU has done has been to gather
a^ 1 n t d ha -im*S few weak-minded people who
fr.^ne themselves thinkers/ he has not
ima * in d theses of the universe, and ages
changed is forgotten God's world and work
win r we ep on in B matchless splendor. God pity
his folly! -r
THE GOOD AND BAD
IN INGERSOLL'S LIFE
OAKLAND, July 23.-"The Influences of
TnE-ersoll" was the topic of Rev. J. 1.
Sunderland's sermon at the Unitarian
Church to-day. „ .. .
"The death of such a man, said the
na«Tor "should not be allowed to pass
unnoticed by those who care for the wel
fare of religion." After reviewing what
he termed a stormy career of the great
Gnostic and the evils done to the Bible
fhrough his misdirected brilliancy and
Ploouence the speaker touched upon the
good "ingersoll had done. He said in part:
Votwithstandlng his limitations and his evil
influence to soS? ways.' in certain important
innuem.e " believe he did a c reat deal of
__2d First. to too C k at his character outside
nf what C considered religion, he was a very
oi »mi man He opposed vivisection on the
£™nd of it" unjustifiable cruelty. He opposed
Sat nunishment because he believed that it
rtiA not serve the ends of justice and because
he would not legalize the taking of human life.
He believed - man with black skin had as
much right to his freedom as a man with a
white skfn. He pleaded the cause of our much
abuse.' and much-wronged Indian. He had a
just dislike for war. He served for a time in
the war of the union, and with no lack of brav
crv but he said he could never fire on the
enemy without thinking of those who were
being made widows and orphans.
This was a great credit to him. How well
It would be for some of our so-called Christian
fighters who slaughter men seemingly without
a tinge of conscience to learn a lesson in hu
manity and in Christianity from this so-called
infidel.
TRINITY'S DAY WAS
ONE OF JUBILEE
The Church Celebrated
Its Fiftieth Birthday
Yesterday.
THE semi-centennial anniversary of
Trinity Episcopal Church was appro
priately celebrated yesterday by spe
cial services. The dedication of a
memorial tablet to the founders of
the church, an historical address by
C. V. S. Gibbs, the sole surviving pioneer
member, and elaborate music made the
day a noted la .mark in the church's his- I
The interior of the gray stone edifice
was beautifully decorated, under the di
rection of Mrs. William H. Alvord, assist
ed by Miss Margaret Douglas. On the
columns on each side of the altar the red- j
dest roses traced the emblematic num
bers "1813" and "1899." All behind the
chancel rail was a waving mass of green
and white.
On the right pillar of the tenth transept
was placed the beautiful memoria. tablet
to the founders of the church. This tab
let, on which is inscribed In quaint Old i
English characters the names of the forty |
pioneer members, was given by the vestry
men to common-orate the founding of the
church on its fiftieth anniversary. The
tablet is curved to fit the pillar, and is
divided into two panels by Gothic tracery.
The surface is raised to form the letters of
the names, and upon it Biblical symbols
are in scrolls. The tablet is Inscribed as :
follows:
To commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of
the founding of this pioneer Parish of our
church on the Pacific Coast by C. v. B. Globs,
J. D. Stevenson. Joseph Hobson. E. D Keyes,
J H. Perry, William L. Hobson. Frank Turk.
Hall McAllister. Frederick Probst. John Mc-
Donald. Henry B. May. Nathan C. Morgan.
James H. Gage, Augustine W. Hale, Anthony ■
L. Bleecker, William Faulkner, H. S. Austin,
Francis J. Linpitt. William Crowell Jewett,
James C Ward. Victor I. Faurgeaud. Char es
B. Loomls. Alfred Melhado. William M. Eddy,
C V. Gillespie. J. Pratt Stephens. N. G. J. i
Gilson. J H. Merrill. E. K. l'Amoureux. * rea- |
eric A Gushee, Thomas Hayward, Charles f
Oilman. William R. Wadsworth Henry Rich- ,
ardson, A. G. Brown, Charles Melhado, Thomas
Whaley, George 8. Wardle, William Newton
Meeks, J. B. G. Isham.
We recognize the obligation to evince as
individuals and as a people our gratitude to
Almighty God for all his mercies by imparting
our spiritual things to a country that Is afford
ing us in such abundance its worldly things.
The vestry of Trinity Church consists
of Major William B. Hooper. W. E. Dean,
Dr. J. V. D. Middleton, General J. F.
Houghton. W. E. F. Deal. Robert Bruce, j
John Landers. D. W. Earl and Grant
Boyd The stately ivy-covered house of j
worship numbers among its congregation
many of the leading people of San Fran
cisco's social life, and the brilliant throng
that attended yesterday presented a
spectacle that will not soon be forgotten.
At the morning services, after a few in
troductory remarks by Bishop Nichols,
C V S. Gibbs, the last survivor of the ,
founders of Trinity Churcn. delivered a j
most interesting address. Identified with
the church from its infancy, his remarks j
were listened to with intense Interest.
Mr Gibbs spoke of the first days of the |
church, beginning with the little building !
on Jackson street; then of the iron •
church on' Pine street, where the Califor- j
nia Market now stands. He passed over ;
its history at Powell and Post streets, I
and then dwelt on the recent six years in
Its present permanent home. He told of |
the pioneers, of their earnestness of pur- j
pose and their sterling character. Mr.
Gibbs strongly decried the proposition
that all the pioneers were rough and ;
brutal men.
His discourse was replete with interest
to the large audience, and it is of such
value to the church that it will be print- j
ed and bled in its archives.
At the afternoon services, which are '•
now regularly held at 4 o'clock. Bishop
Nichols delivered a short sermon. He
spoke on the subject of "Some Memories
of the Founders of Trinity Church," re
ferring especially to the work and life
of Rev. Mr. Mines, the first pastor.
The music, which was rendered by the
regular choir under Professor H. J. Stew
art, was grand and inspiring. The thrill
l Ing anthems were feelingly interpreted by 1
the singers, the Communion service, by
Stainer, attracting especial attention.
DR. GIBSON SAYS
RELIGION IS EASY
Rev. J. G. Gibson of Emmanuel Baptist
Church took the text for his Sunday even
ing sermon from Matthew, xl:30: "My
yoke is easy and my burden is light." His
discourse in brief was as fallows:
In the highest sense it pays to be good. The
best life is the easiest life. I have known many
young men, but I never knew the good ones to
have so much trouble as the bad ones. Satan's
yoke is not easy. Every young man finds this
out who wears it.
A few sad-eyed people make the young peo
ple believe that the religious life is an un
happy one. Ministers may dress in black
[ clothes. That is their misfortune. My experi
ence is enough for me and my knowledge of
I those lives that have not been religious. I
I think it is easier and happier to be a follower
j of Jesus than the devil.
That popular education is appreciated
in Japan is evident from the fact that its
elementary schools are attended by 3,700,
--000 pupils.
SELBORNE SCHOOL
For Boys,
SAN RAFAEL.
This school will reopen on August 29. with
handsome new buildings heated by steam and
lighted by electricity. Every pupil has sepa-
rate room, choice of bedrooms on first and sec-
ond floors. Steam from outside, no furnace, no
stoves no flues in boys' quarters. The nearest
approach to a fire-proof school. For catalogues,
testimonials and references apply to the prin-
cipal REV. CHARLES HITCHCOCK. San
Rafael. '
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
MENU' PARK, SAN MATEO COUNTY. CAI_.
is rebuilding with all modern Improvement*.
Will be thoroughly equipped and begin its
ninth year August 15th. Beautiful surround-
ings home influences. Offers superior advan-
tage* for the care and thorough training of
boys. Accredited at the universities.
IRA a. HOITT. Ph. P.. Principal.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO, CAL.— FOUNDED A. D. I*6B.
by the late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer. D.D.
For catalogue and illustrated circular address
REV. XV. A. BREWER. A. 8..
Rector and Head Master.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA
Will resume studies on WEDNESDAY, August
2, 1899. ;
SACRED ART ACADEMY
MENLO PAPK.
CONDUCTED BY THE LADIES OF THE
Sacred Heart. Term opens August 2d. For
particulars apply to the MOTHER SUPERIOR.
UNIVERSITY ACADEMY,
fILfImEDA.
A SELECT SCHOOL FOR BOYS.
Next term begins on TUESDAY, August 8.
W. W. ANDERSON. Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day school for young
Kdles. 2126 California St., San Francisco. Will
r>open August 7. Accredited to universities.
Seminary and full conservatory music. Pri-
mary department for children. Carriage will
call. REV. EDWARD B CHURCH. A. M.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1: elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture. Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin. Journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 Instructors: degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue, Odd Fellows' bldg, S. F.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
c* ♦•:•»■..« :■ > . ♦ ■?.♦■:■ ».;.♦.?.«.?. ♦■;■♦.;. »-:■■♦ 4. ♦■»-»-4» ■>■.■ *•?•>•:■ ■>■•■ ♦■:■>•:•♦■!•• -i-H'-a
I "J*
I ' =t
4" ♦
*- Pfll fIDCn 1101100 PflfinC A special consignment of nov- *
♦ UULUHLU UIILOO UUUUOi cities, compete assortment, X
X latest styies, inviting prices. X
T "" ' i
♦ Dl kOV PnnilQ anc ' Mohar Crepon Suits in new and elegant «
X DLAUiX UUUUui designs, positively a bargain at $15 per suit. *
X Silk and Wool Crepon Suits in beautiful designs, just opened, extra good v
4 value at $21 per suit £
X The foregoing Colored and Black Dress Goods which t
•J* are now being displayed in our spacious show windows i
•j. will be found exactly as advertised. X
♦ •*•
I BELT BUCKLES AND NECK CLASPS. SETS J
X same as last, styles all new; attention of ladies specially invited, as T
♦ these goods are offered at remarkably low prices. 4*
t i
1 NOTIONS AND VARIETY GOODS. ■__?"_ Vi= I
♦ ticular line (items too numerous to mention), will be sold during the **•
X next few days at Five Cents Each. *
I FIGURED FLANNELETTES and OUTING FLAN- 1
X MCI 0 ~^ w0 '°* excellent material, handsome colors, price Q\ ♦
i EltLui Cents and 7_ Cents per yard, respectively. *
l ~ t
r rrATUCD DO AC Black Real Ostrich Feather Boas, selected "X
lItA I II Lit DUnOl f rom the finest makers and guaranteed best "J
♦ quality; also in White Natural and French Gray, in all lengths and -J-
♦ lowest prices. __. .5.
{ RIBBONS. I
X At 25 Cents per Yard. £
J 31 inches wide, ALL-SILK FANCY RIBBONS, a variety of patterns, in £
♦ " Ombre and Stripes, extra good value, 20 cents per yard. i
i *r
J At 25 Cents per Yard. *
£ BLACK SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN SASH RIBBON, 41 inches wide, all +
♦ silk, extra value, 25 cents per yard. .$.
J' Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / %
A. ! *
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S H. FRIEDLANDER. Manager.
a t^l another IMPORTANT EVENT!
TO-NIGHT
MR T DANIEL FRAWLEY Presents
MISS BLANCHE BATES
And the Excellent Company of Players.
In a Magnificent Production of
Madams SansOene
With a Powerful Cart, and MR. AUGUSTUS
[Tick in His Original Creation of NAIO-
Mcst' Sumptuous Stage Settings. Elegant
Costuming. New Scenic Effects.
Reserved Peats. 25c. " "'. <oc and. 11.
Matinee. 25c. BOc and 7>c.
Next Monday, July "ONE OF Ol_
GIIRLS." .
COLUMBIA tSs
Seventh Week of the Greatest Dramatic Sea-
son Ever in Vogue Here
ONLY-'- NIGHTS AND SAT MAT-ONLY
CHARI ES FROHMAN PRESENTS
HENHY MILLER
And A SPECIAL COMPANY.
in a Superb Revival of the Romantic Comedy,
ytHIJ i \LA\I
ilLr-H § OLnuLi
As presented by HENRY MILLER at the
Baldwin Theater Last Ye** 1^- ---,--
CAST OF UNPARALLELED f STRENGTH.
Next Production— "HAMLET."
ALCAZARS™
REAPPEARANCE AND FAREWELL OF
Li WIS MORRISON
In a Gorgeous Spectacular Production of
FAUST!
Positively His Last Appearance on Any Stage
of His Created Role of
MEPHIST v
Big Cast. Strong Chorus and New Scenery.
PHONE MAIN 27.4.
PRICES •- c. i-c. ft;. 11:.
Next— FLORENCE ROBERTS IN "ROMEO
AND JULIET." '
GR AND OPTRA HOiJ-Sri
THE HOME OF OPERA IN ENGLI H.
THIS EVENING,
Superb Revival of Gounod's Divine Opera,
FAUST!
(In the Language of Our Country).
ORCHESTRA FLOOR, Reserved, 35c and 50c.
DRESS CIRCLE. Reserved, 25c.
FAMILY CIRCLE, Reserved, 15c.
GALLERY. lOc.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
A.t the Matinees the Best Reserved Seat can
be purchased for 2.V. Family Circle. 15c.
Gallery 10c.
Telephone Main 532.
000000000000000000
_>/!? PALACE '"-pZ
°GRAND "OTgLsg
- SAN FRANCISCO. "
Connected by a covered passageway. "
0 WOO Room*- 900 ■*: h Sath Attached. ©
O Ail Under One Management. O
9 MOTE THE PRICE*: O
0 European Plan. Jl. per day and upward O
0 American Plan. #3.oo per day and upward ,_
Correspondence Solicited. v
0 JOHN 0. _IH_?ATHIC_. -f.atftr. O
000000000000000000
AMUSEMENTS.
15— HEW PEOPLE !-15
LAURA JOYCE BELL <£- CO.
LA FAFALLA.
ELIZABETH MURRAY.
PHOITES PANTOMIME.
THE ELDRIDCES.
KILPATRICK AND BARBER.
CEOfiGE WILSON.
MINNIE PALMER.
LES BROWNS.
Reserved Seats, Be; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. SOc.
Matinees, Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT!
Revival on a Grand Scale of the Greatest of
of Comic Operas.
WANG!
Final Appearance of Edwin Stevens!!
All the Favorites in the Oast.
A Gorgeous Production in Every Detail!!
Every Evening and Saturday Matinee.
EXTRA— NEXT MONDAY", opening of tha
GRAND OPERA SEASON, in Italian. German
and English, WITH FAMOUS LYRIC
1 ARTISTS FROM EUROPE. Enlarged Or-
; chestra and Chorus. Magnificent Scenery,
Costumes and Effects. Seats now on sale.
POPULAR PRICES— 23 and 50 Cents.
OUR TELEPHONE. BUSH 9.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
VIOLET DALE. Buck and Wing Dancer; 3
! KELT' and their Trained Dn~s; MLLE.
! VIFANTA. Electric Club Swinger; the LA.
MONTB, Equilibrists: BLANCHE LE CLAIRE
SLOAN, Aerialist: HALLET and CARROLL,
Comedy Sketch Artists and a HOST OF NOV-
ELTIES
NOW ON FREE EXHIBITION.
MISS JOHANNA FRISCO,
ORANG OUTANO!
THURSDAY, AMATEUR NIGHT!
FAT LADIES' BICYCLE RACE
Reserved Seats by Phone, Steiner ISSI.
CONCERTS AND .RESORTS.
RS__-_-!_=* --tmBBBBBBBBBBmBBBBBBBBam
*-* *•* IdcEw Those who were there*
— , say the Panorama 1» a
j rtT correct representation.
\JP 1 Lectures by Prof W.
G. ROLLINS after-
-I\J% __ _-_ 5 1 _-_ noons and evenings.
I X T I Cl fl 1 1 Cl Market St.. nr. Eighth.
Admission 50c
Bay! __^ i __^_ m _
SUTRO BATHS.
.'* / OPEN — NIGHTS
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 11 CHILDREN, 5c
Bathing. Including Admission 2."c- : Children 20c.
. -——ep^——.ar.-. _, Big — i Is a non-poisonon*
, < " ,^Jai*fe*e l ***«j«i4j remedy for Gonorrhoea,
AWKSrcVlIK'^Sti Gleet, Spermatorrhoea
£f*F_T in Ito .i_v».^i White?, unnatural J:*.
mflSf Qt__»_i«<i lfl charges, or any iaCamn_»-
ffK%J 001 to sirictare. tion, irritation or uleer*-
_m f> -._u eopt»gion. tion of mucous mem*
teITHEEYANSCHEM^IICo. tran "- Non-astringent.
■ VSkciNClcNcWl.O EBB SOW by Dr "S* i '«*'
vESL. ri _ __B^ or seDt ,a P'* 111 wrapper,
J*c__i_!V_ " __s^i by exprens. prepaid, fjf
, -7«__S'VM 1.1-00, »r 3 bottlu*,, *2.7 i.
r *_\- ■ Circaiar seat un rav>__jh
>^^__________^^
X 3
i MARKET ST. S.?.\bbbW
56
+ + + O+O +O+O+O+O +O+O + O + O+O+O+O +O + +O +
c 7 +
I Qaujes Sroobl^ !
o+O+O+O+O+O-fO+O+O-f O+o+O+O + O+O + O-fO+O-fO+O+O + O+O+O-fO+O-fO + O
BAD DAY FOR
THE DUDES AND
PATSY CAHILL
Ewing's Men on the
Warpath.
— —
GOT WILD AT THE UMPIRE
— —
X_OCAI_ TEAM WINS TWO GAMES
FROM OAKTiANE.
♦
Xange Orders His Players to Leave
the Field in the Eighth,
but Thinks Better
of It.
San Franciscos 8, Oaidands 2.
The Oakland Dudes have shed their gay
[apparel and taken to the tall timber.
..Three defeats in two days have laid them
how. The stingers of the Wasps got Into
.their bides yesterday morning and after
noon and now Oakland is in jet black
■trimmings.
"Dumpy Patsy" Cahill, umpire by re
truest of the Dudes, is the target for their
'■complaints. They did not like his judg
ment Saturday, and said so. Yesterday
jnornlng on the Golden Gate grounds
■She hisses and groans of Ewing's men ex
pressed more- than dissatisfaction. In the
■ '-afternoon. Cahill heard a few more
grunts of disapproval before the Dudes
'-withdrew from the game In the eighth
■inning, sore and furious. They came back
•again and ■finished, however, but a mighty
passion still raged in their chests. In the
ninth Langc Oakland's captain, after a
.palpable error in fielding, walked slowly
over to the fence back of third, against
•which the ball had rolled, {ricked up the
■spheroid and deliberately threw it over
the Eighth-street stand. Two men scored
"by this burst cf potent passion and Lange
I led $1, the price of the ball.
I's umpiring has been full of
for some time past, and it is very
le he has done his last work of tne
f President Moran.in whom the ap
ent and dismissal of umpires st,
.sterday that Cahill was to be no
His work has been productive of
dissatisfaction of late, and yester
ts the climax. Cal Ewing's red hat
was all that protected lahill from
resque murder after the last gamt
series.
ifternoon game at Recreation Park
pretty one up to the eighth inning.
] cams had scored twice, and steauy
I ; was the order. Then Frisco came
Muller swatted the ball for a
, but in his haste overran the first ;
; :Ie made third by beating the ball
Uivan came to the plate next and
Sehmeer, who threw home to stave
lier. Hammond tried to tag Mul
.alf the spectators thought he did
aim; the other half were of a con
tpinion, and the umpire was with
I ter.
tin Lange and the entire Oakland
pranced around like men without
: i, but made no impression on the
:' the diamond. The decision stood
ie Oakland team calked off the
: With watch in hand Cahill counted
seconds and the Dudes came Tec >'-
•ing called out.
that tho Wasps scored two other
In the ninth the Oakland team was
, and three Wasps Hew around the
oi as many runs.
I's decisions can hardly be said to |
I ost the game for Oakland. It is ,
ible to declare what would have
ie result had Muller been counted
home, but the fact i mains that
nan was again discovered In the
and his curves were untwisted,
he team hack of him Indulged in a
,- of errors,
pitched great ball; on! five hits '
secured off his delivery. The game '
'ull of interesting features, but '
I in the last two Innings by Ca
ecisions and the petulance of the
id team. A foul catch off the fence I
pretty stop by Peeples were the
; features of the game.
<core was:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
1 randt, r. f... 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
1.f523 0 1 0 0
i. s.'. 5 2 2 0 5 4 1
in, 1 ie 5 1 0 l 11 l 0
, 3 b 4 12 2 14 1
Swindels, c 4 0 0 0 0 10
Pvne c. f 4 0 2 0 3 0 0
O Ne I. 2 b 3 2 2 0 3 2 0
Iberg.'p 3 0 _1 0 J 4 J>
Total 37 S 12 3 27 16 2
OA KHAN li.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Peeples. 2b 4 110 5 3 0
Hammond, c 4 0 0 0 2 2 0
Hutchinson. lb 4 0 0 0 8 10
Hardie. r. f 3 0 10 2 10
Dunleavy. 1. '. 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Lange. 3 b 4 0 0 0 0 13
S-hmeer. s. a 3 0 1 1 4 3 0
Donovan, c. f 2 1112 10
Mosluman. p 3 0 10 0 3 0
Total 31 1 5 1 27 15 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 00011003 3-8
Base hits 10 12 3 0 13 I—l 2
Oakland 0-02000000— 2
Base hits 0 0 112 0 10 0-5
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— [berg 2. Moskiman 6.
Three-base hit— Krug. Two-base hits— <>• Nell,
Peeples. Muller 2, Riley. Sacrifice hit— lberg.
First bate on errors— San Francisco 1, Oak
land 2. First base on called balls— San Fran
cisco 2, Oakland 2. Left on bases San Fran
cisco 5, Oakland 3. Struck out— By Iberg I.
Double play— Krug to O'Nell to Sullivan.
Passed ball— Hammond. Time of game— l hour
and 50 minutes. Umpire— Cahill. Official
Scorer-Stapleion.
San Francisco 11, Oakland 6.
Time was called at the end of the eighth
inning in the game between Oakland and \
San Francisco played on the Golden Gate
grounds yesterday mornirg. It was of the j
fireworks pattern, and so much time was
consumed In chasing the ball that the j
game could not be terminated. the play- '.
ers being forced to return to the city
for the afternoon match.
Stefani and Fitzpatrlck were easy marks
for the opposing teams, nine and eleven
hits being made off their respective de
liveries. Hammond had the honor of
making the first honest home run on tne
grounds. The ball did not sail over either
of the fences, but went into the angle at
far center. There was a plethora of dou
bles and singles which played hand In
hand with bunches of Oakland errors to
give Frisco eleven runs.
The seventh was the great inning, and
it brought Patsy Cahill. the umpire, Into
eternal disrepute with the Suburban
Dudes. His decision riddled holes in a
triple play and made of It a double. Sul
livan was on third, Riley on second and
Swindells on first. Pyne stepped up to the
plate and drove a hot grounder over Bee
ond, which Donovan fielded, He threw to
second and Swindells died. Riley was
caught at the plate and quick as a flash
Hammond threw to Hutchinson on first.
It was lightning work, and Pyne and the
hall had a hot race. Cahill allowed Pyne
to top the first bag.
Of course it Look. like an out to every
Oakland rooter, especially as Cahill had
' given some questionable decisions before
this play. Pyne lived to score and Oak
land's bleeding heart received another
fc Caliill had a most unpleasant time of it
ill had a most unpleasant time of it
throughout the game. The Oakland popu
lation gathered on the fence that lines
the field and what they didn't say to Ca- (
hill and every member of the home team
would not fill a primer.
The score is as follows:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Peoples. 2 b 4 12 0 5 3 1
Hammond, c 4 2 2 0 4 3 1
Hutchinson. lb 4 110 7 10
Hardie, r. f 3 10 12 0 0
Dunleaw, 1. f 4 1 2 re 3 0 0
Lanse. 3b 4 0 10 2 10
Schmeer. s. * 4 0 0 0 0 8 4
Donovan, c. t 4 0 10 0 10
Stefanl, p 4 0 0 0 10 1
Totals 35 6 9 1 24 14 !
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hllderbrandt. r. f... 4 1 0 1 1 0 0
Muller. 1. t 4 1113 0 0
Krug, s s 5 2 0 0 2 8 1
Sullivan. 1 b 5 3 3 19 10
Riley, 3 b 3 2 2 113 0
Swindells, c 4 0 10 4 0 0
Pyne, C. f 4 2 10 10 1
O'Nell, 2 b 3 0 3 0 2 2 0
Fitzpatrlck. p 4 0 0 0 1 <3 J)
Totals 36 11 11 4 24 9 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 3 0000030-6
Base hits 3 110 112 o—9
Pun Francisco 2 0 3 0 3 0 2 I—ll
Base hits 0 13 13 0 3 0-11
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Stefan! 4. Fitzpatrlck
i. Home run— Hammond. Two-base hits—
Hutchinson, Dunleavy, O'Nell, Pyne. First
base on errors— Oakland 1. San Francisco o.
First base on called halls— Oakland 2. San
Franc-: 4. Left on bases— Oakland 7. San
Francisco 5. Struck out— By Stefanl 3, by Fitz
patrick 4. Double play— Peeples to Hutchin
son to Hammond. Passed Hammond.
Time of game— Umpire— Official
scorer— H. S. McFarlin.
Senators Punish Santa Cruz.
SACRAMENTO, July 23. — Sacramento
turned the tables on Santa Cruz to-day,
taking the game hands down by a score of
10 to 4. The features of the game were
Eagan's fast work at short, he taking
twelve chances, many of them hard ones,
without a skip. Devereaux and Stulz each
made a home run. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlin. 1. _..-- 4 2 1 2 0 0 .0
Harvey, r. t 6 2 5 0 10 0
O'Connor, lb 5 0 1 0 12 1 0
Doyle, p 5 0 0 0 0 2 0
Eagan, s. a 5 2 3 14 8 0
Stanley, c 8 2 0 16 10
Shanahan. c. t 5 13 110 0
Stul_, 2 b 5 12 0 3 4 1
Sheehan, 3 b 4 0 10 0 10
~ _ -_ "7 ~ « 7
Totals 42 10 16 5 27 17 1
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Devereaux. 3 b 4 12 0 2 4 0
Pace c 3 12 0 4 0 1
Streib, 1. f 4 0 10 4 2 0
Clark. 1 b 4 0 1 0 11 0 1
Drennan, c. f 3 110 2 0 2
Haynes. p. &r. t.... 4 0 10 0 0 0
Arellanes. 2 b 4 0 1 0 2 6 1
Kleiber. S. s 4 0 0 0 2 5 1
Shea, r. f. &p. .3 0, 0 0 0 0 0
•Bale* 1110 0 _0 _0
Totals 34 ~4 10 0 27 16 6
•Batted for Drennan in ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 3 0 112 2 10 0-10
Base hits 3 0 2 2 4 3 2 0 0-16
Santa Cruz 2 010 0000 I—4
Base hits.* 2 0 4 0 110 0 2-10
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Doyle 2. Haynes 3, Shea
i. Home runs— Devereaux, Stulz. Two-base hit—
Eagan. First base on errors— Sacramento '..
Santa Cruz 1. First base on called balls— < iff
Shea 1. off Haynes 5. Left on bases— Sacramento
10 Santa Cruz 7. Struck out— By Doyle 3. by
Shea 2. Hit by pitcher— Pace, O'Connor.
Double plays— Eagan to Stulz to O'Connor:
Eagan to O'Connor. Passed ball— Pace. Wild
pitch— Shea. Umpire— O' Connell. .Time of
game— l hour and 55 minutes.
— . +
RAGTIME BALL.
The Babies and San Jose Play a Very
Lumpy Article.
SAN" JOSE, July 23. The Watsonville
babies turned the tables on the local team
in the game played here to-day and won
out by a score of 11 to 4. Both teams
produced very ragged ball, but the home
team was far the worst. Several of the
best players became rattled in the third
inning and did not steady throughout the
game. Neither Harper nor Andrews was
in stood form, and hits and bases on balls
were quite plentiful. Score:
WATS' INVILLE.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, 3b 5 2 2 112 3
Mn'irthv E.B 4 2 2 0 3 Ic.,
!»'£'::::;;;:■: 0 10 I I 2
f«::.::::.:::: i " I I - j j
lb 4 12 6 0 1
Me rrow, c 4 2 0 0 fe I i
Billings. 2b 2 10 0 3 4 0
K P :::::-::3 2 I 0 3 0 0
Sai-per. P :-3 _i __ _] __ j
— — — ~ „- "7 ~Z
Totals 30 11 11 1 27 9 6
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. I' 1 i. A. E.
McGucken, c. f 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
Huston 31. 4 0 0 0 3 0 2
Graham, r. 1 3 1110 0 0
Anderson, 2b 5 110 4 4 1
Dalrymple, 1. f 4 10 0 10 1
Hani m, lb 3 1 1 0 10 0 1
i i Dea, a. s 3 0 1115 2
Andrews, p 2 0 0 1 2 0 0
Kent - c __ _______!__-_
Totals 33 4 4 3 24 12 7
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Jose 0 0 0 0 0 4 0 0 0- 4
Base hits 11X00001 0-4
Watsonville 00261200 '-11
Base hits 0 0 3 4 13 0 0 --11
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible:- for— Andrews 7, Harper 2.
Three-base hit— O'Dea. Two-base Selna.
Sacrifice hits— Selna, Courtney, Harper. First
base on called balls— Ban Jose 7. Watson\ 8.
Hit by pitcher— Billings, Courtney. Struck
cxt— Bv Andrews 2, by Harper 8. Left on
bases— San Jose 9 Watsonville 6. Double plays
—McCarthy to Billings to Selna: Billings to
Selna. Time of game— 2:oo. Umpire— Levy.
«■
MINOR BASEBALL.
Stockton Wins an Eleven-Inning
Game From the Heesemans.
STOCKTON, July 23.— 1t required
eleven Innings to decide the ball game to
day between the Heesemans of Oakland
and the Terminal City Wheelmen of
Stockton. La to the eleventh the score
was 2 to 3. In the eleventh the visitors
made one run. Bulger pitched for the
visitors and Garvin for the locals.
COLUSA, July 23.— A fine game of base
ball was played here to-day between the
Masons of Sacramento and Colusa. It
resulted in a victory for Colusa. Score,
■i to 3.
MERCED, July 23.— The Merced base
ball team landed another victory here to
day by defeating the Visalias. After the
second inning it was evident that the
visitors were no match for the locals. W. i
Grubb of the Merceds supplied the feature
of th. game, batting the ball over the
fence which inclosed the grounds. Score:
Visalia 7, errors 6, hits 11; Merced 25, er
rors 9, hits 7. Batteries and Wil
lis: J. Grubb and Harrell. Umpires—
young and King.
■
Twelve Innings at Newark.
NEWARK, July 23.— 1n a twelve-Inning j
game of baseball here to-day the Blues of
Newark won from the Reds of Dumbarton j
Point by a score of 5 to 3. The betting on
both Bides was heavy.
FRENCH AUTOMOBILE RACE.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor-
don Bennett.
PARIS, July 23.— The last stage but one
of Matin's tour de France automobile race
took place to-day. The run was from
Nantes to Cobourg, 348 kilometers (216
miles). Twenty-three competitors remain
in the race out of forty-seven who start
ed. M. Reue de Knyff at the close of the
day was still leading, with Marquis de
Chasseloup-Laubal second. M. Charron
has given- up the race.
The Shamrock at Greenock.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599. by James Gor
don Bennett.
GREENOCK, Scotland, July 23.— Sir
Thomas Upton's steam yacht Erin, with
the Shamrock in tow, arrived off Fife's
yard at Fairlie at 11 o'clock this morning
from Bangor. The Shamrock will be taken
to Greenock to-morrow and drydocked
by Scott & Co., ship builders.
THE SATST FRAN CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 24, 1899.
SP O RTS OF THE DAY
ANGLERS IN QUEST OF STRIPED BASS.
Harrowing Tab
Being Tofd of Ad
ventures With
Big fish.
THE unusual run of striped bass in
the waterways around the Encinai
has been severely trying on the
veracity of the Alameda fisherman.
The fish are of good size and ex
cellent eating. From the stories
told by those who have defied the sun's
rays in open boats and undergone other
hardships! in an endeavor to hook them
they have a remarkable faculty of In
creasing in weight at an astounding rate
from the time they are hauled out of the
BETS DECLARED
OFF ON A RACE
AT UNION PARK
Koolawn Runs as if
Drugged.
The shadow of a scandal hangs over
one of the races run yesterday at Union
Coursing Park. An investigation has been i
ordered, which may result in the ruling
off the field of D. Hooper and his grey
hound Koolawn.
In the second round of the Reserve ,
stake she met V. Guerrero's Silence and
was installed a pronounced favorite in ;
the betting. When the pair of dogs left
the hands of Slipper Wren, Koolawn, who
on public form should have led up and
won, was seen to stagger" and reel about
the field. She finally went in pursuit of
the hare, and in turning stumbled and
fell. Four times in all she fell heavily
before finally killing. Judge Bull signaled
that the white flag, under which Silence
was running, had won.
In the meantime the officials of the
park, noting the condition of Koolawn.
declared all bets off. This prompt action
proved highly popular with the specta
tors, the announcement being received
with applause. The opinion was freely
expressed, however, by the coursing men
that this action was illegal, as in all
sports bets go with the decision of the
referee, in this instance Judge Bull. Many
of the bettors destroyed their red tickets
upon seeing the white flag go up. Some
of the red tickets presented for redemp
tion were torn, in some instances only a
portion of the pasteboard being retained.
It is expected this incident will result
in a definite understanding of the rules as
to when and by whom Lets may be de
clared off. __ _
D J Healey s For Glory and Grenada
divided the "Reserve stake, not being
called upon to run off. For Glory's hard
est course was in the next to the final
race, when she met Firm Friend. For
Glory led up and then the Pasha Kennels'
representative was on the hare and rap
idly ran up an imposing score to the .Ni
dent delight of those who were betting 1
to 3 he would win. For Glory finally got
in and the hare lasted just long enough
for her to win.
In the puppy stake O'Hara won from
Controller after a desperate race. The
hare proved a strong one, and it was
found necessary to release a third dog to
kill it, and thus save the lives of the dogs
racing. The hare was still strong and led I
the three dogs some distance before they
finally killed. O'Hara was then drawn,
the stake going to Daisy Clair by default.
The coursing throughout the day was
high class and the attendance largo.
Mac's Melody was favorite for the He
serve stake, but was put out by For
Glory, a 1 to 2 shot. Grenada beat O X
Capitol after a no-go. The hare favored
Grenada. The detailed results of tho
coursing follow: v-.-.v
Reserve stake, first round— T. Butler's Susie
beat J. Keenan's Royal Buck; H. A. Deckel
man's Glen Chloe beat Pasha Kennels' Emln
Pasha; Chella & Gaffney's Snapshot beat J.
McCormick's White Lily; J. Byrne's Eleven
Spot beat M. J. O'Neill's Pat Reilly; D. J.
Healey's For Glory beat J. Maher's Safeguard;
A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat George E.
Ehmann's Fireman; Rartel Bros.' Mac's
Melody beat Lord & Herbst's Revolver; S. E.
Portal's Bonnie .Scotland beat F. Brown's
Alma; E. M. Kellogg** Kid McCoy a bye; J.
O'Dowd's Shootover beat Aenid Kennels' Maid
of Erin: Daly & Siebein's Shylock Boy beat F.
A. McComb's Little John; Handy & Smith's
Lady Hugo beat J. H. Perlgo's Pretty Girl;
Russell, Allen & Wilson's beat W. H.
Jones' Rustan: Hurley & Rellley's O X
Capitol beat Bartel Bros." Ben Hur; J. Segger
-on's White Chief beat Larkey & Rock's
water until they reach the frying-pan.
The best catches have been made in
San Leandro Pay, between the Pay Farm
Island bridge and the narrow gauge
trestle, and in the estuary from the mouth
of the tidal canal to the Alameda Boat
Club house. Sundays the bay and estuary
are dotted with the small boats of ama
teur fishermen, while crowds of sports
men with rods and reels line the shores.
Few of them retire without a catch of
some kind. By actual figures the bass
average in weight about ten pounds, al
though none of the amateur fishers will
admit that they have caught any so light.
The twenty-five and thirty pounders are
the only kind they tell about.
The members of the police force have a
taste for striped bass and are adept in
telling fish stories. Officer Anderson
Minerva- D. J. Healey's Grenada beat Hur
ley & Reilly'a Richmond Queen; H. F. Ander
son's Crawford Braes beat Pasha Kennels'
Rest Assured; Pasha Kennels' Firm Friend
beat D Ford's Bonita; Taylor & Maxwell's
Bounding Belle beat Curtis & Sons' Cavalier;
Handy -v Smith's Magic beat E. & R. Scott's
Lord Byron; IX Hooper's Koolawn beat Smith
& Dragdon's Mountain Belle; V. Guerrero's
Silence beat Sterl & Knowles' Wag: J. Segger
son's Gold Hill beat E. M. Kellogg's lowa
Girl; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Lady Herschel
beat J Kerrigan's Lady Blanche: M. London's
Magneto beat S. E. Portal's Gallagher: H. A.
Deckelman's Old Glory beat F. Brown's Sweet
Brier; Aenid Kennels' Pretender beat H. A.
Deckelman's Flyaway: J. P. Thrift's Forgive
beat H. A. Deckelman's Mira Monte; Lowe &
Thompson's Jessamy beat J. J. Edmond's Morn
ing Glory; J Dean's Mlalmo beat J. Connell's
Senorita; 3 Dean's Briliiamine beat E. M.
Kellogg's Lady Gllmore; J. P. Thrift's Brutus
beat M Michalik's Glen Roy.
Second round— Susie beat Glen Chloe: Eleven
Spot beat Seven Spot; Tod Sloan beat For
Glory. Mac's Melody beat Bonnie Scotland:
Kid McCoy beat Scout; Lady Hugo beat Shy
lock Boy: O X Capitol beat Belle Clair;
Grenada heat White Chief: Firm Friend beat
Crawford Braes: Magic beat Cavalier; Silence
beat Koolawn; Lady Herschel beat Gold Hill;
Old Glory beat Magneto; Forgive beat Pre
tender; Mlalmo beat Jesamy; Brutus beat Bril
llantine.
Third round— Susie beat Eleven Spot, For
Glory beat Mac's Melody: Lady Hugo beat Kid
McCoy Grenada beat O X Capitol; Firm
Friend beat Magic; Lady Herschel beat Silence;
Old Glory beat Forgive; Brutus beat Mlalmo.
Fourth round— For Glory beat Susie; Grenada
beat Lady Hugo; Firm Friend beat Lady
Herschel; Brutus heat Old Glory.
Fifth round— For Glory beat Firm Friend;
Grenada beat Brutus.
Final— D. J. Healey's For Glory and same
owner's Grenada divided first and second
money.
Puppy stake, fifth round— O'Hara beat Can
troller; Daisy Clair a bye.
Final— Daisy Clair won, O'Hara withdrawn.
NATIONAL LEAGUE GAMES.
Victories for St. Louis. Brooklyn and
Chicago.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
dubs— W. L. Pet. i Clubs— XV. L. Pet.
Brooklyn 56 -ii .683 Cincinnati ..3D 41 .483
listen' 50 30 .62.". Pittsburg ...3D 41 .4*B
Philadelphia 48 31 'New Y0rk... 35 43 .449
St. L0ui5. ...46 33 .683 Louisville ...33 47 .413
Chicago 45 33 .677 Washington 31 54 .36.")
Baltimore ...44 35 .558! Cleveland ..15 67 .IS3
ST. LOUIS, July 23.— A double by Hidrick
and Wallace's single gave St. Louis a victory
over New York in the tenth Inning. The game
was full of sensational plays. Both Meekin
and Powell pitched masterly ball. Attendance.
14,500. Score:
Clubs-- R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 11 •>
New York - 2 6 1
Batteries— and Crlger; Meek in and
Warner. Umpires— Emslie and McDonald.
LOUISVILLE. July 23.— Because the Brook
lyns hit Dowling effectively in the seventh and
ninth innings the Colonels lost to-day. Ragged
fielding on the part of the locals also had a
good deal to do with the defeat. Attendance,
11.000. Score:
flubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 3 7 5
Brooklyn 5 11 2
Batteries— Dowling and Powers; Dunne and
Maguire. Umpires— Manassau and Connolly.
CHICAGO. July 23. — Long hits bunched off
Hill in the third and fifth gave the locals to
day's game. Taylor's hard stick work con
tributed greatly to his team's victory. At
tendance, 9000. Score.
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 8 10 3
Baltimore 4 9 1
Batteries— and Chance: Hill and Rob
inson. Umpires Day and McGarr.
CINCINNATI, July 23.— Senators won
the flrst game by hitting Breitenstein at will.
All the Reds' runs were gifts. In the second
game Hahn was a puzzle, while McFarland
was easy. Houtz, a Texas leaguer, played
center for the Reds and made a good impres
sion. Attendance. 8234. Score, first game:
Clubs— • R. H. E.
Cincinnati 5 7:*
Washington 8 14 .4
Batteries— Breitenstein and Wood: Wcyhing
and Duncan. Umpires— Smith and Latham.
Second game—
Clubs— : r •_ E
I'in-lnnati 7 12 3
Washington 0 6 0
Batteries— Hahn and Peltz; McFarland and
Kittredge. . f?i?X£&
The Estuary Near
Afameda Attracts
a Throng of Rod
Wiefders.
claims to have caught the biggest of the
fish in the bay. Patrolman Fred Bramp
ton asserts that his ten-year-old son
caught -the only game bass of the season
off the foot of the Alameda Boating Club.
The fish, it is claimed, showed fight and
was pulling the boy Into the water when
his father rushed to his rescue and caught
him just as he went overboard.
Frank Browning had the most harrow
ing experience of any of those who find
sport in the quest of striped bass. He
went out in an open boat into San Lean
dro Bay and fell asleep waiting for a bite.
The sun scorched his face until he looked
like a cast-off russet shoe. He was forced
to take a vacation from his official duties
until nature provided him with a new
outfit of facial cuticle. Local sportsmen
who have made good catches are: Everett
Harris, Senator Taylor, Dr. Riehl, Wil
liam Steinbeht. James Colgrave, Jesse
Rogers and George Frier.
GOOD SCORES
AT THE SHELL
MOUND RANGES
Conditions Were Just
Right.
Representative? from five shooting or
ganizations were busy yesterday with
rifle and pistol from early morning until
late in the afternoon at the Shell Mound
ranges.
Conditions were favorable from the
marksmen's point of view, and the regis
tered points were above the average.
Following are the scores in detail:
Red Men's Schuetzen Company monthly
medal Champion class, not won; first
class, William Dressier, 357; second class,
George Heuer, 345; third class. Captain Henry
Grleb, 340; Fourth class, E. Zempel, 274, first
best shot, George Heuer, 24; last best shot,
William Dressier, 20.
Monthly medal shoot of the Norddeutscher
Schuetzen Club— First champion class, F. P.
Schuster, 438 rings; second champion class, not
filled; first class, Hy Stelling, 400; second
class, D. Salfleld, 363; third class, O. Sehinkel
Jr., 342 (final); fourth class. Ed Stehn, 321; best
flrst shot, F. Thode, 24; best last shot, J.
Gefken, 24.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club: Rifle
medal scores— C. M. Henderson, 218; J. E. Gor
man, 21C; E. P. Jacobson, 203; F. M. Belknap.
192; E. N. Moore, 152.
Team matches— XV. McLaughlin, 224. 222,
220; Dr. 1., O. Rodgers, 220. 220, 220; C, M. Hen
derson. 218, 205. 209, 202: F. W. Belknap. 205,
199, IDS; J. E. Gorman, 216, 212, 211, 208; E. N.
Moore, 210, 208, 185.
J. 10. Gorman made a total of 651 in seven
consecutive ten shot scores with pistol, which
gives him a 93 per cent average, equaling the
world's record. The score in detail was 92, 91,
95 95, 91, 96, 91.
Pistol medal scores— Dr. L. O. Rodgers, 94;
E. P. Jacobson, 92: J. E. Gorman, 91; J. M.
Tompkins, SI; C. M. Henderson, 75; Dr. C S.
Weston, 74; D. \V. McLaughlin, 77: E. N.
Moore, 78; J. F. Budger, 7-: F. W. Belknap, 63.
San Francisco Schuetzen Yerein monthly
bullseye shoot F. P. Schuster, 169, making
eighteen bullseyes out of twenty shots, the
highest ever made in California; E. Goetze,
190; A. C. Waller. 263; H. Llnkendey, 640. O.
Lemcke, 827: Fred Brandt. 854; A. Bertelsen,
873; F. Ateroth, 90S: 11. Stelling, 1006; George
11. Bahrs. 1017; D. Salfleld. I"1 F. Rust. 1115;
August Meyer, 1247; .1. Goetze, 1275; D. B.
Fain. r. 1304; William Ehrenpfort, 1428; H. Bur
feind. 1429; John DeWit, 1437; John Gefken,
1411: E. Stehn, 1452.
Germanla Schuetzen Club monthly bullseye
shoot— J. Thode, 82; H. Zecher, 181: J. F.
Bridges, 563; F. Rust, 503: J. E. Young. 770;
F. P. Schuster, '■;": _. Goetze, 1006; Dr. L. O.
Rodgers. 1009; William Goetze, -7; A. Jung
blut. 1080; L. Haake, 1115.
Competition shoot— Dr. L. O. Rodgers. 74: F.
P. Schuster, 72: D. B. Faktor. 70; D. Salfleld,
69; E. Goetze. 67.
Bushnell medal— F. P. Schuster, 215; D. Mc-
Laughlin, 209.
ENJOY A MOONLIGHT SAIL.
San Francisco Yacht Club Men Cruise
to McNear's, While Corinthians
Sail to Petaluma Drawbridge.
The yachtsmen of the bay enjoyed
splendid snort v.— terday. Nearly the
whole San Francisco and Corinthian club
fleets were out, and a brisk breeze with
little sea made ideal sailing. On Saturday
night Commodore. T. L. Hill of the San
Francisco Yacht Club started in the flag
ship Cygnus from Sausalito for McNears
Landing, which was reached between 9
and 10 o'clock. The flagship was accom
panied by G. T. S. White's sloop Will o'
the Wisp, J. R. Savory's sloop Juanita, R.
S. Bridgman's sloop Thetis and the yawl
Phyllis. W. Wood's sloop Angela came
down from Vallejo and anchored off Mc-
Nears. Commodore mill had as a guest
Captain Light foot of the Jtealani Yacht
Club of Honolulu, at nresent visiting San
Francisco. Captain Lightfoot Is an enthu
I Ei#lapd prai^ tye j
I .Yale-Harvard J<?a/n \
. ° + O+o +o+o+o+ o+o + 0 + o+o + o+o+o +0 + o+o + o+©
siastic yachtsman, and is first mate on
the Bonny Dundee, President Dole's pleas
ure craft. .  Q ..--..i
The schooner _i..sna and the > awl
Frolic cruised to the upner bay, and the
ne< t off McNei was joineu by the
sloops Tonight,' Catherine and Moccasin.
The yawl Witch and the Corinthian sloop
Pride also lay off McNears. At noon clan
chowder, coffee, watermelons and Otner
refreshments were enjoyed on the oeacn.
About 2 o'clock in th.- afternoon the fleet
pot under way. and reached the moorings
'It Sausallto at 6. The breeze fromMC"
Nears to California City was fair: then a
calm streak was entered, but was soon
passed, and once in the channel breeze it
was fine sailing. , , ,
The Corinthians avail. I themselves of
the full moon on Saturday night to sail
up to Petaluma drawbridge. Commodore
Carl Westcrf eld's flagship Eolus was ac
companied by the sloops Ella, ma,
Mie_rn.cn. Amigo, Clara, Secret, Presto and
Harpoon and the yawl Arcturus.
II R. Slm'pkins' yawl Tramontana tried
her speed yesterday and made fast time
between Point Blunt and Meiggs wharf.
Dr. V. P. Buckley took a large party of
friends out for a sail on his schooner
Outing.
ON THE CRICKET FIELD.
Eank and Insurance Teams Draw the !
Match Against All Comers.
All Comer s'cricket team met the Banks
and Insurance eleven at Alameda yester
day for the second time this season. The
former went to the wickets first, and, aid
ed by a splendid score of 93 from Arthur,
Dickinson rolled up a total of 207 runs.
Peel was the most successful bowler, tak- I
ing five wickets for forty-one runs. Sim- \
monda took three for the same cost. I
Banks and Insurance made a good start.
K. Sewell scoring thirty and C. Simmonds
twenty-seven not out. One wicket had
fallen for sixty-one runs at call of time.
The match thus ended in a draw. The full |
scores were:
ALL COMERS.
E. G. Sloman b. Peel •
G. .1. Baugh ii. Peel 17
A. Dickinson c. Coles b. Peel S3
G. Hellman c. G. Theobald b. Sewell 13 !
B. Bird c. G. Theobald b. Simmonds 6
W. Reeves b. Simmonds 11
W. McLean run out 12
C. J. Thomas c. Coles b. Simmonds 3
H. Warren not out 1*
J. Brown b. Peel 10
A. XV. Wilding c. and b. Peel 3
No balls 1, Wldes 2, leg byes 2, byes 11 16
Total 207
Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for 22,
two for 3r>. three for !>2. four for 117. Aye for 133,
six for 166, seven for 150, eight for 180, nine
for 200, ten for 207.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Balls. Runs. Maid- Wick-
Bowler— ens. ets.
Sewell 96 74 .. 1
Peel 150 41 4 5
Simmonds 102 41 3 3
Head « »
Coles 2* 12 1
Myers l* 11
Peel bowled one no ball and Head bowled
two wides.
HANK? AND INSURANCE.
C. Simmonds :ot out Z. :
F. Sewell c. Bird b. Sloman .'.. 30
J. Myers not out 4
Total for one wicket 61 j
J J. Moriarty, L. H. Morris, C. P. Coles. J.
J. R. Peel, F. C. Driffield. J. J. Theobald, '
George Theobald and H. Ward did not bat.
SIMM. RY OF BOWLING.
Balls. Runs. Maid- Wick-
Bi wler— ens. ets.
Sloman 72 33 3 1
B Bird 12 22 2
Dlckinso'n '!"""!" - '• 6 2
~*~ '
UNION GUN CLUB.
0. Fisher Wins the Money Match and
Mitchell the Medal.
ALAMEDA, July 2.— The Union Gun
Club had its regular monthly shoot to-day
at Alameda Point. There were two events
—a club-money match at _•" targets, which
was won by O. Fisher, and the club
medal match, in which Mitchell was the
victor. The score of the money match
follows:
A. Johnson 17. Isaacs 15, Joseph Pisani 15,
Pelienham 21, Fisher 23. Bonner 12. Drieschman
12 Schendel Jr. 16, Peterson 17. M. McDonald
18, ,i. McDonald 12. R. LiddD 9, Tr.c.-k 21, Pree.^e
12, Mitchell 18, Pisani 13, Wallam 10, Javette
Jr. 18, Bell ff 11, Lid.lle 17, Lewis 11. Hoyt IS,
Smith 1-. Michaelson 11, Splro 14, Schultz 9, J.
J. Pisani 17.
They Played Handball.
A dinner for four was the incentive
which caused W. Hassell and B. Clem
ents to put forth their best play yesterday
in a single game in Phil Ryan's handball
court, 858 Howard street. The contest
was watched by a large crowd of hand
hall players, who evinced a keen interest
in the result. Hassell won by a very close
score: 21—19, 20—21, 21— 20.
The results in the other games were:
J Sharp and Klieber Abbott defeated J.
Hand and W. Silvia. Score: 21—12, 18—21,
21—14.
B Clements and H. McXevin defeated XV.
.•..I! and D. Mahoney. Score: 21—4, 21—12,
21-18.
<;. McDonald and H. Racoullet defeated M.
McNeil and L. Carralne. Score: 21-16. 11-21.
21-13.
C. Moore and J. Callaghan defeated F. Frank
and J. Coleman. Score: 21-14. 17—21, 21—11.
T I.ydon and J. Hogan defeated M. Basel]
and J. Brown. Score: 21—15. 19—21, 21—14.
P. Ryan and M. Maguire defeated G.
Maguire and M. McClure. Score: 21—10, 16—21,
21—12.
J. Glvnn and C. Quinn defeated C. White
man and E. White. Score: 21-18. 13-21. 21-9.
R. Regli and E. White defeated A. White
man and W. Stansbury. Score: 21— 11—21,
21—17.
E. Maloney and M. Maguire defeated J.
D'.wling and E. Foy. Score: 21—13, 9—21,
21—19.
Cleveland Harness Races.
CLEVELAND, July 23.— The outlook for
the grand circuit trotting races which
begin to-morrow is promising. The indi
cations are now for fair weather and
there is likely to bo a lively contest for
the purses, which aggregate $40,000. The
card to-morrow will include the 2:14 trot
purse $3000; 2:16 pace, purse $2500; _:_7
pace, purse $1000, and the 2:19 trot, purse
$1200, About four hundred horses are en
tered in the various events.
Ball-Tossers Arrested.
BUFFALO, July 2„.— The police allowed
but one inning of the Buffalo-Minneapolis
pame to be played to-day. Then the
eighteen players were arrested, taken to
the police station and bailed out by Pres
ident Franklin of the home club. No at
tempt was made to resume the game.
CURES ALL WEAKNESS!
$%>& Electricity Restores
KJfftfe TM^fe .rHealth and Power to
•Tfl/y^jT Weak Men, Because it
K|i^^^^^fflffl Warms the 8100d '
Stops the Waste,
/'j|V Gives Snap and Vim.
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
It is the great man-builder. Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt pours
electric life into the nerves and vital parts while the patient sleeps. Its
effect is magical. It quickly gives a brace to the nerves, developing in
them and in the blood a grand force of life. It will cure all those ail-
ments of men. It makes life worth living.
If you have drugged and failed to get relief you should try this
famous Belt. It supplies new life, and that is what you want CALL
OR SEND FOR MY BOOK" ABOUT IT, CLOSELY SEALED
FREE. '
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, B H£as i £.%_ra SJ_
Otflc* Hour*— ■ •.__. to 8:80 p.m.; Sunday*. 10 to _ NEVER SOUD IN DRUGSTORES.
YALE-HARVARD
TEAM PRAISED
IN ENGLAND
London Press Grows
Laudatory.
— t —
FINE SHOWING OF AMERICANS
— ♦ —
BURKES ILLNESS MAY HAVE
CAUSED DEFEAT.
■»
The Standard Expresses the Wish
That the Athletic Contests May-
Hereafter Take Place
Annually.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, July 23.— A1l the morning pa.
pers publish editorials expressing con
gratulations upon the immense success
of the athletic meeting at the Queen's
Club on Saturday and expressing the hope
thai it will not be the last of such con
tests. All compliment the members of
the American team upon their splendid
performances.
The Daily Graphic thinks the climate
had something to do with the result and
says: "It is easy to believe the rumor
that Illness was the cause of Harvard's
record-holder in the half-mile event run
ning far below his form."
The Standard says: "Any hostility
which may have ever existed between the
two peoples has been owing to their ig
norance of each other, and nothing is
better calculated to remove it than such
meetings as that of Saturday. Diplomacy
and commerce create jealousies quite as
often as they remove them, while noth
ing but good is likely to result from the
social approximation which is now
springing up between those in whose
hands will be the shaping of the \rarl"-
Saxon race. We trust the meetings may
take firm root as annual gathering-.
The Daily Telegraph says: "Both :oun
tries ought tec be proud of their represent
atives. Such scenes are- worth going
miles to see, not solely for their own sake,
but for all they imply .■:' keen, brothei'ly
competition between two sections of the
Anglo-Saxon race."
Dealing with the defeat of the much
dreaded Burke, the Daily Telegraph says
it is only fair to admit that he was by no
means in good trim.
The Daily Chronicle says: "If interna
tional athletic trials were common diplo
matists might be driven to move a peace
conference to lay an embargo on them.
Jaundiced observers on the Continent who
hope for a breach of the Anglo-American
understanding will not find It at the
Queen's Club. Harvard and Yale are
shorter in the wind than Cambridge, but
Thor himself might be jealous of Boal of
Harvard."
The Times says: "Englishmen would not
have grudged the Americans their tri
umph in the least degree if the fortunes
had been reversed. As it Is, they will feel
that a victory Is a very little thin?; com
pared with the pluck and sportsmanlike
spirit displayed by both sides, and with
the friendly relations between the two
branches of the Anglo-Saxon ra.ee. of
which they trust this match is a tohen."
The sporting papers are unusually en
thusiastic over the brilliant success of the
meeting, and are especially pleased at the
proof that Englishmen are not deficient
in stamina.
The Sportsman and Sporting T.ifi? each
devoted nearly a page to descriptions of
the meeting;
Bicycle Races Postponed.
NEW YORK. July 23.— The bicycle races
including the match race between Bald
and Zimmerman, which were to be held
at Valshurg. N. J., were postponed until
next Sunday on account of rain.
NATIVE SONS' OFFICERS MEET.
Talk of Committee to Arrange for Ad
mission Day Celebration in 1900.
The Board of Grand Officers of the Na
tive Sons met in the office of Grand Sec
retary Eunstedt last Saturday, Grand
President Matteson presiding. The grand
president was authorized to call a meet
ing of the presidents of the San Fran
cisco parlors and consult as to the ap
pointment of the joint committee to ar
range for the celebration of Admission
day in 1900.
It was arranged that Grand Organizer
J. A. Steinbach and Grand Secretary
Henry Lunstedt should organize Cape
Horn Parlor No. 20, at Colfax on Tues
day, July 25, and that a number of the
grand officers should assist in the organ
ization of Pinole Parlor No. 204 and
Crockett Parlor No. 205 on August 1 and
5, respectively.
Grand Trustee Sabichi reported a new
parlor under way at Pomona. Riverside.
Monterey, Hanford and Petaluma also
have groups of natives eager to join the
great federation.
The visiting board then went into ses
sion, divided the State into eleven dis
tricts and assigned the duty of visiting
the various parlors among the members of
the board. In the evening a team from
National Parlor No. IIS exemplified the
ritual In a highly satisfactory manner.
Bishop Gaines to Preach.
Bishop Games of the African Methodist
Episcopal Church will preach at 11 o'clock
this forenoon at the Y. M. C. A. Hall.
Cordial invitations are extended to all
people to hear this distinguished colored
divine.
Fire in a Wheat Field.
STOCKTON. July 23.— A fire on the
Weber tract, two miles west of Stockton,
resulted in the destruction of 160 acres of
wheat to-day. By heroic efforts another
field was saved.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SOCIETY JUST
DOTES ON THAT
CAKE WALKING
Enough of Abandon to
Be Acceptable.
— —
MAY BE A CHARITY WALK
— • —
MR. DALTOX'S GAIT SAID TO BE
UNSTEADY.
One of His Explanations Has Failed
to Explain — Central Improvement
Club Gets Off With the
Right Foot.
— — ♦
Oak'.ar.d Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, July _}.
Oakland society is smitten with the
Cakewalk craze. This is apparent every
where — in private residences and at sum
mer resorts, is well as in camps. It has
:-. accented as the correct thing, and
iic-miire dames vie with young damsels
In performing the fantastic walk to rag-
T.ast r.ieh: at Haywards, w-here many
■; - tble people are gathered, a cake
walk was indulged in. which has been the
cnl> topic of conversation for the week.
Banker C. E. Palmer invented a new
Etep. Many Oakland society leaders and
s:-me who are not leaders were partici
pants; ar.el some or* the elegant contor
tions, distortions and genuflections would
have made a Georgia Cakewalk party
blush with envy. Somehow or other the
cakewalk has enveloped itself in a giddi
ness and prudent abandon that has struck
a popular desire. Society was just wait
ing for a ragtime era. and the Cakewalk
has given ail the excuse necessary to
bring It about.
Even the models of propriety that arc
supposeei to grace Castle Crag have
ad utcrd the Cakewalk as a means of
breaking the monotony of social life. At
this mountain resort Horace Miller is
credited with carrying off the honors.
A party of prominent Oaklanders were
go imbued with the cakewalk craze that
they carried it to the East with them,
and" a social letter from Shelter Island
tells of an interesting ceremony in which
2. dozen couples took part. Amonj the
names of the revelers were Miss Marion
Goodfellow and H. O. Trowbridge. wh_
walked off with the prize. The informa
tion says that "the whole thing was car-
ried out in true darkey style, and wound
up with cake, lemonade and root beer."
Others who were there were Miss Jaoue
ilne Moore and several other Oaklanders.
It ls now suggested that the Associated-
Charities being in such dire need of as
sistance, it would be highly proper for
Oakland society to organize a series of
cakewalks at the Exposition building for
Its benefit. There are many clever peo
ple within the ,-iided circle who could cut
quite a caper to ragtime music in app:v>
rnate attire. In fact, some of the Oak
land girls have on more than one occa
sion proved their ability to do what would
I ■-• least expected of them, and after a
F^sgn of golf, yachting parties and ■.ma
teur cakewalks a grand exhibition for
"=weet charity" would be just the 1 .ing.
At last steps have been tak*-**. toward
obtaining a new city charter. It ls sur
prising how Oakland has struggled with
the present cumbersome and -intricate
law for so long. It can only have been
possible because of the indifference of
her citizens and the desire of the active
politicians to have a charter that wou —
permit of all kinds of dubious acts an<i
make it impossible to fix the responslbibty
for them on any one party or official. Not
until the Board of Works was wiped out
by the Legislature four years ago as a
separate department of the city govern
ment was it seen how much stupidity and
contradiction marked the city charter. a
thousand times during the past four years
have instances arisen which have caused
much delay in needed work, simply be
cause tho cumbersome charter made such
delays necessary or possible.
It vlll not be an easy matter to frame
a new charter. There are too many peo
ple interested In preserving the present
law. but this can hardly iter the sincere
reformers from going ahead. A charter
framed as nearly as possible on the lines
of the county government act is what
Oakland needs, for it ls very plain to all
who have business with th" city or the
county that there is not tenth of the
red rape or delay to be encountered in
transacting the county's business as is to
be found in dealing with the city of Oak
land.
Five years ago Oakland was to be j
emancipated from a water monopoly. The i
history of this fiasco is very fresh in the '■
public mind. Yesterday a deed was re
corded by which the promoters of the
Oakland Water Company transferred all j
their plant, franchise and business to the I
old monopoly, for the consideration of I
J5.160.0e00. "Reasonable interest" on this <
amount must be wrung from the taxpay
ers of this city, In addition to what was
required of them when the opposition
started. This fact should be of interest to '
those who are advocating the acquisition
Of a municipal water supply.
In spite of al the Silurians and mega
thoriums. Oakland is developing. While
politicians are making themselves ridicu- j
lous all over the city and braying at the I
anon, outside inv_st__» are a._i.U_- bi_J_u.
ing up the commercial interests of the
city. During the past month two very j
important improvements have been in
augurated on the water front, which mean
the permanent employment of two or
three hundred people, and not one-hun
dredth part of the publicity has been ac- |
corded them as has been given to the dif-
Acuities surrounding the reinstatement or
dismissal of Jimmy Brannan as a special
police officer.
The largest lumber concern in town can
not supply the demand, and between Tel- ;
and San Bablo avenues there is i
hardly a block on which new buildings j
are not being erected. There Is not an i
idle artisan in Oakland, and even the j
farmers have to advertise for sufficient ;
help to do their work.
The Central Improvement Club will un
doubtedly, if organized on the lines now
projected, be of more value to Oakland
than have been many of its City Coun
cils. The conservative and solid body of
men that met at the Merchants' Exchange
a few nights ago to lay the foundation of
the club are men who know what the city
needs. They come from, all the improve
ment clubs around the city, and there
was not a politician or a place-hunter
among them. They talked business and
business principles, and showed a spirit of
enterprise and a desire to promote public
improvement that presented a strong con
trast to the petty bickerings that distin
guish most of the gatherings of promoters
in Oakland. In a general way not one of
the delegates suggested that anything be
done spt-ciaily for the benefit of any par
ticular part of town. The idea was to
take hold of some big project and stay
with it till brought to a successful con
clusion; and the whole tenor of the meet
ing was that what benefited Oakland at
large must of necessity benefit all outside
territory.
There was one feature of the meeting
which was noted and commented upon.
It was the entire absence of any repre
sentative frcm the Lakeside Improvement
Club. This club gathered within itself
property owners who proclaimed that
they represented J16,"»T.C».0 of taxable
property. With this immense leverage
they went before the last City Council,
did as they pleased and got all they asked.
It is possible that, being satisfied, the
I.akesiders have no interest in the work
of less opulent improvement clubs, but at
the next meeting some sort of an expla
nation regarding its absence at the first
gathering is expected.
The last week has been more hys
terical in a political way than the
week preceding an election. Just why
all the bombs should have been ex
ploded at this particular time is not easy
to say. but it is probably because they
have been bottled up since last Novem
ber, and the ret excuse for letting them
off has just been discovered.
Coroner Mehrmann and h;s celebrated
10,000-word speech brought one row to a
climax. The celebrated contract regarding
the Morgue caused another explosion, tnd
in the meantime somebody jumped on As
sessor Dalton and started an eruption in
his volcano. At the end of the week
everybody realized that there had been
"glorious victories" won; but. -like that
of Blenheim, it is difficult to say who has
gained most. It is far easier to se- who
has lost most.
Assessor Dalton seems now to have
found his political level. For several
years he was carried along on a wave of
popularity born of promises and of con
tracts. He promised to ride roughshod
over the corporations, and he continually
contrasted his doings w-ith those of his
predecessor. This stock in trade could not
last forever; and neither did It; and when
everything is sized up Mr. Dalton appears
as a fairly good normal Assessor. If his
predecessor favored the railroad property
and other corporate interests it Is no
credit to Mr. Dalton that he was not
guilty of the same thing. A man is no
more honest than his neighbor is dishon
est An official is expected to do n:s
whole duty; and he has no right to call for
a halo because he does what his alleged
faulty predecessur did not do. No one
doubts that there has been too much poll
tics centering in the Assessor's office, and
this has brought about the natural result
— opposition.
It is a pity that in addition to his local
difficulties Mr. Dalton should figure as
being responsible for holding back tne
pay of hundreds of teachers in this county
because he cannot arrive at a settlement
with the State Controller. The whole
sum in dispute is about WOO, and if Mr.
Dalton be right in retaining it he should
not suffer for hanging on to what belongs
to him If he be not titled to it, he must
justly suffer the political penalty. In any
event the unseemly quarrel should be ter
minated at once, so that the teachers can
be paid. In this connection some comment
ha- been caused that the Assessor, who
formerly employed a prominent Republi
can for his auorney. should now be taking
his legal advice from a Democrat, R. M.
Fitzgerald.
There is one item in Mr. Dalton's expla
nation of hi 3 assessment that has not so
far met with favor with the taxpayers.
It is his arbitrary reduction of $65,000 on
the San Pablo road. Mr. Dalton says that
he made this reduction because on March
1 he knew that the road was soon to b«
wrecked and that th- roadbed, franchise
and stock were practically worthless; con
sequently he reduced the road from $70.
--500 to $5000. The roadbed was not touched
until the latter part of May, but was in
the same condition on March 1, IS9JK as on
March 1, liC«5, and should have been as
sessed at the same figure. Mr. Dalton's
opponents say that if he be at liberty to
take official notice of what is to transpire
regarding personal property nearly three
months ahead, there is no reason why
he should not look i few weeks more
ahead and have beheld ln the San Pablo
road the high-class, thoroughly equipped
electric system which ls now in vogue and
have raised the assessment to double the
amount he placed upon it as an old cable
rt#d last year. This Is undoubtedly the
w<-ake«=t spot In Mr. Daiton's administra
tion. STUART W*. BOOTH.
Who Hit James Dooley?
OAKLAND July 23.— James Dooley, a
: lather aged 5S years, residing at Temes
; cal. while walking alor.s the water front
i this afternoon was struck by a '.ar.
■ s^prp-edged rock. Where it came from
:or who threw it is a mystery. The stone,
: however cut through Dooley's trousers
i and inflicted an ugly gash on his right
i thigh At the Receiving Hospital Stew
j ard Borchert sewed it up with six
| stitches. _
A Mexican Veteran Passes Away.
OAKLAND. July 23.— Carl D. H. Schu
macher; a member of the Mexican Veter
ans and a resident cf this city for over
twenty years, died at his residence. b.3
Thirty-fourth street, to-night. He had
been 111 some time. Deceased "-' : a na
tive of Germany, aged S3 years. He was
a widower ar.d leaves no child!
PROFESSOR LE CONTE
ON EARTH UPHEAVALS
BERKELEY, July 23.— Earthquakes In Southern California and a big
tidal wave on Lake Superior following so quickly on the heels of the
volcanic phenomena in Hawaii have set any number of people to think
ing that there might be a connection between these disturbances of the
eaFt pro feasor' Joseph Le Conte, head of the department of geology in the
University of California, Is not one of these. He is inclined to be very con
servative with respect to any possible connection between the three disturb
ances He declares that not only can there be no casual relation between the
three 'events but that it would also be absurd to imagine any ulterior cause
responsible alike for them all. While the disturbances seem to have happened
It the same time, so that on the face of It there would be some plausibility
in the idea of their connection, he prefers to look upon the connection as
rare.* accidental and In no wise indicating any general state of disorder or
Station under the earth's crust. In an interview to-night Professor Le
C ° --I wdlfnot deny absolutely that there is something In the fact that these
three things have occurred as they have. But I have not the least particle of
faith or the least shadow of belief that they are in .any wise related one to
rbV other Th- grounds for holding to a disconnection between them are
much stronger than any which could be assumed to establish a relation.
" "Earthquakes are occurring every hour of the day. Hardly a moment
nasses but that the earth's crust trembles at some portion of its surface, x\ hen
the" are mountains of recent origin, comparatively, there are certain to be
volcanic eruptions and disturbances from time to time. Our own coast is
ra her recent in this respect, and we must expect earthquakes every now and
Sain For an we know, the islands of Hawaii may be even more recent in
origin thai, our own. judging from the state and presence of the lava found
there They would be subject to eruption at any time. But a disturbance
there could in no way affect conditions in California, or vice versa.
THE SAX FEA_N CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 24. 1899.
FIRST GUN IN
BOND CAMPAIGN
HAS SEEN FIRED
Agitation for a Park
in Oakland.
— ♦ —
THE MAYOR'S WORDS HEEDED
— ♦ —
rWENTY-THIRD AVENUE DIS
TRICT LEADS OFF.
■ ♦
Circular Issued Strongly Opposing
Adams Park Proposition and Fav
oring Purchase of Simson Tract
Near Mills Seminary.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
&)S Broadway, July 23.
The first gun in the bond campaign was
fired to-day by the Twenty-third i venue
District Improvement Club.
For the past two months Mayor Snow
has been addressing the various improve
ment clubs of this city, explaining: the ad
visability of his plan for the betterment
of the municipality and the practicabliity
of a bond issue for that purpose.
Under the caption of "A Park for Oak
land" the Twenty-third avenue club has
circulated throughout the city a letter
foidtr in strong opposition to the Adams
Park proposition. The circuiar leads off:
The people of Oakland want a park. Public
health demands it. Now that the people
are becoming interested In the subject of
a place for a public park, would it not be
well to look the matter squarely in the
face and decide on what is best for the
whole city, ignoring self-interest and the
present needs only, taking care when we
buy, that it shall be something that will
benefit th'ise who are to live here for all
... come, and procure a piace of not
less than a thousand acres, where extensive
drives can be had. where picnics can be
held, where associations can go, where there
is free water In abundance, where the view
is unequaled, and all this at a price which
the people con pay wlthuut feeling it to be
a burden?
The position taken by the East Oakland
-: - on the park proposition is next set
forth in the following paragraphs:
We as an association, are in favor of the
city of Oakland purchasing: land in the
North Oakland marsh and filling the same
by dredging from the hay, also improving
the West Oakland park and other improve
ments that the Central Ciub may agree
upon. We do not ask anything for the
Seventh Ward, but we do ask the >City
Council to call a hand election to issue
bonds for the purpose c f these improve
ments, and to buy what is known a* the
Slmson tract of 10C0 acres, which can be
bought for 5160 per acre.
The whole 1000 acres is under fence, and
afTorels splendid surroundings for extensive
drives. It is undoubtedly a most magnifi
cent and natural place for a park and one
which can b» improved at a minimum c_st;
indeed at the sent time, a very small
cutlav would convert 2C-0 acres into a
pretty park, and the other Improvements
could be made as funds become available
fo- that purpose _'■-,'",
There are some people who say that it is
too far away; no r.r.e ir. his right mind who
has any comprehension of the future would
argue the question for a m'Dnier.t.
Now what does the Adams tract ofter? It is
low cold, subject to fogs and entirely un
suited for paik purposes ; it contains only
Bixty-two and one-half acres of land, no
water, no buildings, and the price asked
for it would buy the Simson tract with
good barns and houses suitable for all park
employees, would buy and beautify the West
Oak'and marsh, would fill all the low fever
producing lands of North Oakland ar.d
would make other improvements, w.-h
money left to commence Improving the
park, that future generations would bless
us for procuring for them.
_____ — — — -
A PLUCKY LANDLORD SAVES
HIS GUEST FROM DEATH
DRAGS HIM FROM A BURNING
BUILDING.
Gus Carlson, Lodging-House Keeper,
Severely Injured in Rescuing
Otto Bahrs.
OAKLAND. July 21— The New York
House, a cheap ten-room, two-story lodg
ing-house at 414-41*5 Seventh street, near
Broadway, was totally destroyed by fire
to-night, and the guests, among whom
were several poor old women, narrowly
escaped with their lives.
The fire was caused by the explosion of
a lamp, and by the time the fire appar
atus arrived the entire structure was in
flames. The guests were all rescued with
great difficulty, since the only hall exit
wa? like a burning furnace. Suddenly Gus
Carlson who conducts the house, remem
bered that a roomer named Bahrs had re
tired very much the worse for liquor, and
climbing" up a ladder at the rear of the
house he smashed the window, and rush
ing into the blazing room picked up the
man who was overcome with smoke, and
rescued him. Bahrs was slightly scorched
on his back. Carlson, in breaking the
window, cut his right wrist, severing
most of the main arteries.
The building, an old, dried-out struc
ture. Is owned by Mrs. Mary Kelley. The
damaere to house and furniture is esti
mated at about $1000, fully covered by in
surance.
Professor Hilgard Improving.
BERKELEY, July 23— Professor E. >■/.
Hilgard of the aeTicuitural department of
the University of California is reported by
his physicians to be improving rapidly
from his recent illness. During the past
week he has been able to see a few vis
itors at his residence on Bancroft way.
and last Thursday receivtd a call from
Professor Pinchot. head of the Depart
ment of Forestry at Washington. D. C.l
and from Dr. R. F. Fulton, president of
the University of Mississippi. The physi
cians have advised that he remain within
doors for at least a month to come, but
in all probability he will be able to re
sume his work at the university at the
opening of the academic year ln August,
and to go to Berlin in September "as a
deieeate to the International Geographi
cal Association.
AUZERAIS USED
HIS TWO FISTS
ON HIS WIFE
Decoyed Her Into the
City Hall.
— ♦ —
RAINED BLOWS ON HER FACE
— ♦ —
WAS ABUSIVE TO THE POLICE
MAN WHO ARRESTED HIM.
•
The Woman Pleaded With Tears in
Her Eyes for the Release of
the Infuriated
Man.
"Please don't lock him ur>. Sergeant: he
did not mean to strike me: he has been
drinking heavily and is not responsible
for his actions."
A fashionably dressed young woman
sto.nd last night before Sergeant Helms at
the Central police station _nd pleaded for
her husband, who was under arrest for
beating her. ';. .
Shortly after S o'clock in the evening
a boy, who was passing through a dark
corridor of the City Hall, saw a man in
the act of striking a woman. She was on
her knees, begging him to go home with
her. He continued to strike her, how
ever, ar.d the boy. fearing that the man
intended to kill her. hurried to the Cen
tral station, where he informed Sergeant
Helms of what he had seen.
The setgeant sent Officer Cullinane to
the rescue. As the iceman neared the
spot to which he had been directed he saw
the woman still on her knees, pleading to
the man before her. rust as he was about
to answer her pleadings with another
blow the policeman seized him and start
ed with him for the Central station. The
woman followed them to the station, and
after announcing that the prisoner was
her husband begged that he be released.
•'lt is all a mistake," she explained, t.ie
tears coursing down her cheeks. "Don't
lock him up, or I shall go mad."
The prisoner proceeded to heap billings
gate on the head of the arresting officer.
Acting under orders from the sergeant in
charge Policeman Cullinane promptly es
corted his man to the City Prison, where
he was booked on a charge of drunken
ness. The husband gave the name of R.
A. Allen, but from cards found in his
pockets it was learned that he is Raoul
Auzerais of San Jose. The wife claim*
that he sent a note to her early in the
evening to meet him on McAllister street.
Afer a short conversation he Induced her
to enter the City Hall; where he attacked
her with his lists. She refused to assign
any reason for the assault, except to say
that iter husband was under the influence
of liquor and did not know what he % as
doing.
Auzerais started almost the moment he
was put into a cell to abuse several of
his rellow prisoners, and was badly
beaten about the face.
SWEDISH CITIZENS
ENJOY AN OUTING
NEAB.LY A THOUSAND PICNIC
AT SCHUETZEN PAHK.
Nearly a thousand Swedish-Americans
attended the third annual picnic of the
Swedish Dadies' Society at Schuetzen
Park yesterday. The exodus of Scandi
navians from the city began at 9:30 a m.,
and every boat that left the Tiburon
ferry slip from that time until 3:30 in the
afternoon carried a goodly number of
picnickers bound for the pleasure resort
across the bay. The programme at the
park consisted of a series of races in the
forenoon, a dance in the "Dig- pavilion in
the afternoon, bowling and lounging about
under the cooling shade of the trees and
in the arbors.
The day's sport began with the con
tests of speed between the youngsters,
for prizes, after which the elders took a
hand in the game and proved that they
could still get over the ground at a liveiy
rate. Following is a summary of the re
sults:
Girls" race, under 10 years— Olga Olsen won,
Cora Tanner second.
Girls' race, 10 to 12 Adeline Brickiey
won, Verona Grodt second.
Boys' race. 10 to 12 years— Sylvester O'Brien
won. George Gibson second. Leo Brickiey third.
La;-. members - race— Mrs. Gus Nelson won.
Miss Anna Johnson second, Mrs. Anna San
dahl third, Mrs. Thora Olson fourth.
Ladies' race, open to ail Mrs. M. Thorsenn
won Mis* Tekla Renstrom second, Mies Cora
Krutrr.eyer third. Mrs. Gus Nelson fourth.
Gents' race, social members — Alfred Schill
won Gus Nelson second. H. P. Fosl erg third.
Gents' running race — F. Esmond won, J.
Llevfrid second, Ed Klir.e third.
Music for the dancing was furnished by
Pihlstrom's band, and the following com
mittees had charge of the affair:
Committee on arrangements— Mrs. Otto Sjo
--*- Mrs Charles Armstrong. Mrs. Selma
Hanson. J. Wolf. F. O. Sjogren
Reception committee— Mrs. G. R. Lindberg.
Fred Nelson. Mrs. J J. Anderson, Mrs. Anna
Fandahl, Victor Sjogren, Mrs. Ch. Ander
son. Mrs. Mary Anderson.
Floor manager— F. O. - - -.-a.
Floor committee— Mrs. Fred Nelson, Miss
Emelie Peterson, Hiss Friia Hanson, Mrs.
Mar)' Newberg.
A smooth-tongued bunko man held forth
at the little.depot near the park all the
afternoon and worked the shell game on
dozens of picnickers as they waited for
their trains to the city. The sure-thing
man must have cleaned up fully $500, as
he did a rushing business in a few minutes
preceding the departure of each train, and
no bet wa-s accepted for less than Jo.
Services in Oakland Churches.
OAKLAND. July 23.— Rev. B. E. Pad
dock of Michigan occupied the pulpit of
the First Methodist Episcopal Church this
morning, while this evening Rev. Edward
P. F. Dearborn of Denver, Colo., preached
a sermon. " :
Rev. Dr. W. H. French spoke to-day
at the United Presbyterian Church on the
subject "This Do in Remembrance of
Me."
"The Lost Bible" was the subject of
Rev. E. S. Clark's sermon at the Elm
hurst Presbyterian Church this morning.
Rev A. T. Needham. pastor of the
Eighth-avenue Methodist Church, spoke
to-night on "The Conditions of Naturali
zation In the Kingdom of Heaven." .
Rev. W. F. MacLaughlan preached from
the •-.-fourth Avenue Methodist
Church pulpit this morning, while at the
Twenty-third avenue church of the same
denomination the celebrated Smith broth
ers, singing evangelists, conducted ser- 1
vices. "' _-• -■ :■ .' ''■''■ -
"Christians Are Debtors Not to the
Flesh, but to the Spirit" was the subject
of Rev. A. Jatho's sermon at St. Markus
German Evangelical Church this morn- !
ing.
Rev. R. Ritchie, at St. Paul's Episcopal
Church, preached this morning about ■
"The Good of Trouble."
Rev. Charles G. Adams, late of New
York, the new rector of St. Andrew's
Episcopal Church, occupied the pulpit
here for the first time to-day.
Rev. A. XV. Rider of Los Angele3
preached this morning at the Twenty- 1
third-avenue Baptist Church.
"Christian Well-Digging" was the topic
of Rev C. H. Hobart's morning sermon
at the First Baptist Church.
Rev. J. K. McLean. D. D.. occupied the
pulpit of the Plymouth-avenue Congrega
tional Church to-day.
Rev. Charles R. Brown's sermon to
night at the First Congregational Church :
was on the subject of "The Democracy of
Jesus."
-*•--
Narrow Gauge Track Sinks Again.
ALAMEDA, July 23.— The sink on the
j narrow-gauge road over the San Leandro
marshes refused to be "a thing of the
past." One hundred feet of track went
down Thursday. On Friday another strip
sank. Saturday still another section re
fused to stay above the mud. and this
morning the whole stretch began to sink
' below the grade. A big excursion to Santa
Cruz, in three sections, was delayed for
an hour until temporary trusses could be
_j?laced under the tracks.
THREATENS TO
END HIS LIFE
BY STARVATION
Edgar Garnett Again
Captured.
— ♦ —
ESCAPED FROM THE ASYLUM
— * —
HAD A RAZOR IN HIS POCKET
FOR SELE-DESTRUCTION.
•
His Hallucination Is That Society La
dies Are Enamored of Him
and He Annoys
Edgar M. Gamett. who escaped from
the Stockton Insane Asylum last Friday,
where he was sent for sending annoying
letters to Mrs. Walter Hobart and her sis
ter. Miss Juliet Williams, is safely locked
up in the insane ward at the Receiving
Hospital; and will be taken back to-day
to Stockton.
After Garnett made his escape he came
to this city and went to his father's house.
35 Essex "street. Deputy Keeper Austin
came on here after him and went to the
house. Garnett had barricaded himself in
his bedroom and threatened to kill him
self with a razor rather than be taken
back to the asylum. As the lunatic
mother was in poor health the deputy de
cided not to force an entrance to the
room, but to wait developments.
The police were notified, and Saturday
night Captain Spillane detailed Policeman
P. J. Tracey to watch the house, with in
structions if Garnett came out to follow
and arrest him. Tracev kept on watch
till after midnieht and then went home. _
Yesterday morning the young mans
father called upon Captain Spillane with
the information that Edgar had expressed
the intention of going to the Mercantile
Library to procure some reading tatter,
and the captain detailed Policeman A. T.
MrQuaide to watch for his appearance
and place him under arrest after he had
gone some distance from the house. Mc-
Quaide had only been a few minutes on
the lookout when Edgar came out of the
house. McQuaide quietly followed him
till he reached Second and Mission streets,
where he entered a store to purchase a
morning paper. „ _ -i
McQuaide ai.-»o entered the store, and in
an instant had the handcuffs over Gar
nett'" wrists. Garnett made an attempt
to r<=-ach his vest pocket, but McQuaide
was too quick for him, and pulled a razor
out of the pocket. Then Garnett became
indignant and demanded the reason of
such "outrageous treatment." The officer
told him that he was Edgar M. Garnet:,
who had escaped from the Stockton asy
lum, and Garnett replied: "You have
made a mistake, sir: my name is Sm::n.
ar.d I am a mining man from Plumas
County." .. . ,
McQuaide said he would take chance*
on being right, and rang in for the patrol
wagon Garnett was taken to the insane
ward, and he insisted that Porter Ashe
or Jack Casserly be summoned. He kept
up the role of Smith of Plumas til! Cap
tain Spillane saw him. when he admitted
his identity. He said he would starve
himself to death in the asylum, and in the
next breath asked Superintendent Nolan
to bring him a meal at once. It wa* sus
pected that he wanted a knife to cut his
throat, and when he got the meal a knife
was not supplied. _ TT _':'--'",
Garnett is a graduate of Harvard uill
verslty. and his father is a well -known
as«ayer The young man's uncle was
Majo*r Robert Seldon rnett who came
here in IM9. and was the designer of the
«>eal of California: The young man b hal
lucination is that he is Irresistible, to
women, married or single, and he pesters
them with his attentions.
DR. H. R. MORTON IS DEAD.
The Aged Pioneer and Prominent
Dentist Passes Away.
Dr. H. R. Morton Sr., a pioneer and
one of the most prominent dentists of this
city passed way at the residence of his
son.' Dr.~ H. R. Morton Jr.. at 1714 Mason
street, on Saturday evening. The deceased
had passed his seventieth year.
Dr. Morton was for many years promi
nent in Democratic politics in this city.
He first visited the Pacific Coast in IS4S.
coming again in 1849. In ISSS he settled in
San Francisco, having previous to this
time served as Sheriff of Tuolumne
County.
For many years Dr. Morton has been
president of the Commercial Building and
Loan Association. He organized the
Portuguese Protective Association and
was one of the founders of the Portuguese
Protective I'nion of Alameda County. He
held fellowships in .the I. O. O. F.. Red
Men Knights of Pythias and Ancient
Order cf Druids. During the year ISS3
he held the position of deputy grand arch.
and was honored in the' following year by
being elected noble grand arch for his
jurisdiction. > '--- - ;-o ; - .
The funeral will be held under the aus
pices of Hesperian Grove No. 15. U. A. O.
D from Druids' Hall. 413 Butter street,
on' Tuesday at 2 p. m. The interment will
be at Laurel Hill Cemetery.
THAT LICENSE TAX.
Berkeley Town Trustees Will Con
sider It This Evening.
BERKELEY, July 23.— Some interesting
developments are expected at the regular
meeting of the Board of Trustees, to be
held In the Town Hall to-morrow even
ing at S o'clock. The much talked of li
cense tax upon merchants and express
men which has been agitating the busi
ngs section of the community for the
past two weeks, is to be brought up for
consideration.
The Merchants' Association, organized
for the express purpose of fighting tne
measure, will present a petition, signed oy
a large number of the business men of the
city asking that the tax be abolished.
Attorney M. C. Chapman of Oakland, re
tained as the legal adviser of the associa
tion, is expected to speak in behalf of his
clients.
Should the board rescind the tax the
cases of the merchants arrested last week
for refusing to comply with its require
ments will doubtless be dismissed next
Thursday, when they come up for trial
in Judge Edgar's court.
— . ■ i ■
Might Have Bled to Death.
OAKLAND. July Charles Percival,
a barber residing at Sixth and Webster
•streets, sustained a peculiar injury this
afternoon, resulting in the loss of consid
erable blood. ; • ._,___>
Percival had just enjoyed his bath in a
tub that had seen better days. As he
stepped out a varicose vein in his rimt
leg was scratched by the rough edge of
the tub. Tying a towel tiehtly about the
bleeding leg and quickly dressing himself
he ran to the Receiving Hospital, where
Steward Borchert gave the injured mem
ber a collodion dressing and stopped the
flow.
"Gettysburg" at the Dewey.
OAKLAND, July 23.— The final produc
tion of the "Victorian Cross" was given
a* the Dewev Opera-house to-night. It
will be followed by that stirring war
drama, "Gettysburg," the plot of which,
replete with thrilling, realistic war scenes,
pathos and love, is taken from the famous
battle whose name the piece bears. Mas
ter Gus Tate, the boy comedian, and
Frank Bacon have been specially engaged
for the cast. and the proceeds of the week
will be given to Company A. Fifth Regi
ment, N. G. C some of whose members
will take part in the drama. ■•-*:*..,.>
OCEAN TRAVEL.
COMPAQ. -" IS GENERALS TRAKSATLA-ITIQ-IS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. *_______
, from Pier 42. North River, foot of ■—^— —I^— »
i Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. July 29; LA
I TOURAINE. August 5: LA CHAMPAUNE.
August 12; LA BRETAGNE. August 19; LA
NORMA August 2«. First-class to
Havre, 165 and uf-ard. i per cent reduction
lon round trip. Second-class to Havre. $45, li
c per cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
i AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
| ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York* J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coa.st
ingests,, J F. FUGAZI »vc CO.. Pacific Cout
Agents, 5 Monucßjeor »v«„ Saa Fr-_ci»co.
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION, THIS DAY,
MONDAY, July 24.
550.000 Worth of CHINESE AND JAPA-
NESE FANCY GOODS.
At . and S p. m. Sharp.
3© GErtR-V S-TREET.
This stock comprises the most extensive line
of Cloisonne and Old Gold Satsuma *.Yare3 ever
offered at Auction in this City; also over
■J30.0C0 worth cf Silks. Piece Goods and Ladies' '
and Gentlemen's Underwear, Silk Robes, and a i
full li: - of Ivory and Bronze Goods, all to be
closed out, regardless of cost, by
AUCTION
A- 2 and 8 p. m.. dally
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE CREDITORS
Respectfully, SUN FAT _ CO.
C. P. TROY & CO.. Auctioneers.
One hundred seats reserved for ladies.
NO SMOKING ALLOWED.
C_""N. B.— There will be five costly presents j
given away. free of charge, to the ladies who ;
arrive promptly at our sales, at 2 p. m. sharp, j
Also, live elegant presents given away each
evening iat 3 o'clock sharp.
■ _ .
P. J, BARTH, Auctioneer, !
Will sell as a whole the famous ANTIQUAR- !
lAN BOOK STORE of S. WYATT. 172-5 MAR-
KET ST.. on TUESDAY, July 23, 1599. at 12 ■
o'clock noon. ■
OCEAN TRAVEL. !
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
f*n Steamers leave Broadway j
TWb_ ,_ wharf. San Francisco:
j I ' 1 -^«_i. For Alaskan ports, 1) a. rr. .
J layj-Wfct Ju:y - ; - 3 -'- Au = ust 4. c " r;i "-^
j i _S__^R JEI For Victoria. Vancouver (B. I
' 1 E^_X-cfSs\ l C.c. Port Townsend, Seattle
' f^"""*s*Srx_s3 Taccma. Everett. Anacortes
[ and New Whatcom (Wash.). ;
10 a. m.. July 25. 30. August
; 4 and ever- fifth day thereafter: chanse at j
I Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
i and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: a: j
1 Vancouver to C. P. Ry. . r -
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., July
i 23, 2S. August 2. and every fifth day there- ;
' Fcr Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. ;
I Cayuc s. Port Harford (.-an Luis Obispo). ;
I Gavlota ' Santa Barbara. Ventura. neme j
<=an Pedro East San Pedro (L-is Ar.zeles) and
i Newport. 9 a. m.. Juiy 23. 27. 31, August 4, j
an', every fourth day thereafter.
! For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- j
S • - < (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port ,
i Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a ;
j m. July 35, 20. August 2. and every fourth day
j p or E_«e_ada! Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
: Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
j and 'Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each :
' month. .'
For further information obtain folder.
Th» company reserves the right to change
| without previous notice Eteamers, sailing dates ■
i and hours of sailing.
TICKET iifr'FlCE — New Montgomery
! street Palace H'tel).
! GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen A>_ts..
10 Market st.. San Frano'.sc-.
TflE 0, R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
I P J o__^T__-,-_Y2Nr_D
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE 512 First Class Including Bert.
IMnL $8 Se.ond Class and Meals.
Columbia sails July - -
; State cf California sails July 27.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
i Helena and all points in the Northwest. ;
i Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
■ FOR ST. MICHAEL, GOLOVIN BAT. CAPE
NOME DAWSON* AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
The New Steamer
IBTn:R-T-___:__V
Carrying U. S. Mail,
Will leave San Frincisco about August 1 for |
above points, making prompt connections with
our river steamers on the Yukvcn River.
For freight, passage and further information
apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
310 Sansome st.. San Francisco, Cal.
AMERICAN LINE.
FEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. UWDOH, PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. ID a. m.
[ New York August 2'New York Aug_st 23 ]
1 St. Louis August St. Lcuis August 3->
c St. Paul August IS:
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Adria July M Kensington ....Aug. 16 :
i Southwark ..August '. Noordland Aug. 23
Westernland ...Aug. 9
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City. !
; Fcr full information regarding freight and
pass— ge apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA. j
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR- I
ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for '
TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling a- !
Kobe HlDga>. Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for •
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day i
I cf sailing.
i AMERICA MARL" Wednesday, July 26
i HONGKONG MARU Thursday Auviist j: j
1 NIPPON MARC Tuesday, September 12
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and -passage apply at company's office.
4JI Market St.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
P*_anl_ilM Th " s. s - Australia ,
&2iES3._i_ ?a:! -' * cr - Honolulu
JcH11Wcv,,.,,.,^ July 23,
.^""'T^N S. & Moana sails ;
ctwrTKiVn- v; a Honolulu and i
rtCcllL'ii.y- Auckland for Sydney :
(n^PPiUU- Wednesday. August 9.
vyMi?. J viltfer a t io p. m.
Favorite Line Rc-und the World, vl* Hawaii. ■
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc: KM flrst class.
J 0. SPRECKELS _ BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montcomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight OrficS. 327 Market St.
BAY A_n> BIVEB STEAMZ-tS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
WTO leave Washington-street wharf at i a. m
' dally return. from Stockton at 6 p. m.
! dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main HE.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:13
a m., 3:15, S :3O p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
. days. Ip. m an. 8: JO Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 3 :
' p m. Landing and office, Mission-street Dock, j
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1303.
FARE 50c
fiATLBOAI) TBAV__L.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN '
PALACE AND PULLMAN* UPHOLSTERED i
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE '
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE }
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR. i
' FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 62S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1113 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, Ml J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1533.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings. Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. S. S. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 1:30
and 4 p. m.
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return. 11 40.
I ______ COOK A SON. A_;s.. £21 Market st. ]
RAILROAD TI-AVEL. _^
>--/-
ItrTHKRX PACIFIC I'OJIPAST.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Tra I■* lenrr i»n<ci are «ln«> to arrlse mi
SAN nU-COM!*.
(Main line. Foot of Market Street)
uuvb — From Jlxe2j, 1333. — -__m
7:»C\B?r, ; . Suis-u and Sacramento. ... 3:45*
Marvsrille. Oro»illeand Itcddicg
Woodland _*12 P
~:0(>\ EUniia, Vaea-ffleand Rnmsey.. — S:4»p
ti-'iv. Martinez. San llac:cn. Vallejo. "Napa,
Oalistoga and Santa Rosa. „ : *?
§•••* Atlantic Kxpre-J Ogden and ■■-'■■■ U:.3a
HiUttA San Jose, Lirermore, «tockU»n. .
lone. Sacramento. I . .---..ics.
Marystiiie, Chico, Uedßiuff .... -isISF
Bt*l0 _ 'Milton. Oakdale and tenon 4:15p
•:30a TaKmita Valley via Oikdale and
Chinese ,? : !? F
9:OOa Haywards. Nilea and Way Stations. 11:43 a
»tOO_ Martinc2, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.
Mercedsnl I'resuo i*:i»f
•mil* Fresno. Uaterslield, Saiita Barhaia.
Lea Acgelea. Demiag. El I-".
New Orleans and East 6:tsp
IO:ftOA Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:43?
11:«Oa Hayw-rda Niles and Way Stations. _i 43*
1 2:O0_: Niles, Lirercore, Stockton. Sacra-
mento, Mendota, H— nlord, - •-!_.
Perterrflle 4:13p
•l:OOp Sacramento V.Uet Steamers ••e|:l)i»e
8:OOp Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 5: 43»
tx*»r Martinez, San llamon, Vallejo,
Napa, UatistoKn, Sauta Rosa 9:13*
4:00p Benicia, Vaeaville, Sacraiuecito,
Woodland, Knights landing,
Marysviile. Oroviiio IO:4T«
4:3')? Niles. San Jose and Stockton ":15f
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond i:t:l >w
•:e»ttF Owl. Tracy. Krcsn.i, Bikers-
field, Saugu3 for - .:.ta Barbara.
Les AngJv* 0:43 a
BseMr Stockton, ilerceil. Fresno 12:13»
•t3op Martinez. Tricy, Mendota, Fresno.
Moji and I _e Augelca »«4.ia
Bi3op Hants Po Route. Atias.ila P.ipress
'. rMobTeaud Hast 9tt»»
•••Or Chicago-San Tr__ciscc.Spcc.-cial,Ogcleci
au.l Kaat *!4Sp
•:OOp Hayvards, N::*i and San Jose ":43a
•«:<IO, Vallejo Ii 4:13»
7:i>Oi' Oregon i:x|crc-!!a,Sacrn.irieii k <. -Urja-
lilie, Ucc'.ciiini. l'ort!_nd, 1 ijlet
Sound and l_3t 7:11*
JS:OOp Vallejo. Pert Costa and Way SU-
tier's .. ________
COAST DIVISION N.i;..cT (..in.-- .
(Footcf Market Street.) m
17»43a Santa Cruz Excursion (cr Santa
Cruz and F-r.:...:; Way Stations I , »: ,^S*
BslSa Newark,! Jose, Felton.
BoulderCreek.SaQtaOruzand Way
Stations 3:30»
•*il3p Newark. Cecterviile, S3n Jose, New
Alma,'- Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Crui an.i l'rincipal Way
Stations -!0:3«a
4il3p Saa Jose. tJlenword and Way Sta-
tioc«. 0:30 a
M:l3p Felton. Baa Cruz and Way .--..
| dons /9:-»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSlS fillClSCO— fist «f Mirkel Slre«-.iSUjB)—
•7:15 9.-00 11 -00 a.m. 1 1 :C 2 *i '.'. 13:30
•i :: i: :: ::? .«.
fr«ll LilUS^- . 03l :'3r.-.:» :r._ •''.oo 8:00 10:OOa.i_.
jug •!::: 12:23 -3:" __ •;::>.*.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gau?e).
(Third .' d Townsend >t~.)
•OjlOa Ocean View, ■■;-:-. Sir: Frinci!>cc.. '0:30?
•7:00* San Jose <i"'l Way Static, ns (New
A!m_a»ci We-lnesdaysonly) . *8:00 a
X7i3oa Band Ficuraion fcr Santa Cruz.
P:e.C:ric Grovo and Friceipal "'eiy
Stations :«:33»
■iOOa Ban Jcwe. Tres Pinos. Santa Cms.
Pacitic Oroie. Fas.i B.dci.s. ban
Lnis Obispo. Surf, Lo_poc and
Principal Way Stations 4:l«e
1«:10« SanJosaand Way Stations 6:33*
ll:_o» Sao Jose and Way Stations liSO*
-_:4_p Ban -Mateo, itedwood. Menlo Park.
I_'- Alto. Santa Clara. SanJxws,
HoUlat Bauta Cruz. Saiiaas,
Monterey siccl Pad '. ; .- • "'10:3 , 3-
-•lino- San Jose. Santa rat, V±:.-.c Grove
and Prim . WayStnUoia •7:30p
•4:l»p San Joseaud Priisclpal Way -stations 9:43 a
•_:t<n- SanJ ■ and Principal Way St-tiocs »9:3»a
3:iH: Sau Jose an.i Principal Way Stations "J:""*
C:UOp Sin Joseaud WayStatlnus 5:30p
tii;4'. San Jrs.'cAic'. \\ -.r Stations f?-=">r
A for Morning P for A f ternoon.
•Snnday excepted ISo lay only. I Saturday onljL
tfiarurii ay and Sunday- /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN EY. CO.
--.ESSE] ID
SAU FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibaroa Ferry, Foot .Market St.
BAN* FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL
WEEK LAYS--: - 9:CO, LOO a. n_ ; 13:33,
i .ii. 5:10, s.jo p. m. Thursdays tr.?
at 11:J0 p. m. Saturdays— Er:tra tripe at 1:64
and 11:30 p. IT-
BLTi'DAYS- 8:00. = 30, ll:CO a. m.; 1_». 3.*3t
6: ! X», 6:20  m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN* FP.ANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS--»;10. 7:io. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
1:4 5:15 p. m. Saturdays trips at
I:E3 and 6:J5 p. m.
BIN: AYS— I:IO, ».*«. U:10 a. m. : 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. — _
Between San Francisco and Sehuetsen Park
- tame schedule as above.
Leave i | Arrive
Bar. Francisco. j In Effect San Francisco.
1 — — — I April IS, 1^ ■— j »
Week i Sun- I*9». ' I s- a- \ Wet-
Days, ; days. Destination. J cays, , Daya
7:30 am, lam Novato, *10:4J am; B:4ua_»
3:30 pm, S:3O am! Petaluma, j 6:05 pm,10:23 am
6:10 p_ij 6:00 pm Santa buaa. : B pmj i 2. pta
' Fulton,
T*oa_i Windsor. .10:15 to
I Heaii-b-rg,
Lyt: r..
Geyservllle,
1:30 pin 5:00 am Glover-ala, T:SS p_| 1:30 p_>
T:3O am i Hcp'._r.l a_.fi jl0:3o a_a
8:30 pm 8:00 am! Ukiah. 1:35 pm 6:20 p_i
T:3t> ami c )10:25 ara
j 8:00 am! Gnernerine. T:35 pm
3:30 pm( ; (:20 pra
T:3O ami 3:00 ara 1 Sonoma 10:40 am 3:40 ara
I and j
• :10 pm 5:00 pm; Glen Ellen, j 6:03 pmj 6:30 pra
T:2O am 8:0-) am Sebastopol. 10:49 am. 10:15 am
3:30 pmj 3:00 pra ! .77. pnaj 6:2} p:u
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytt;a
for L; -• - Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the "Geysers ; at Hep-
land tor Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, L_ke-
rort and Bartlett Springs; at L'klah for Vichy
;r:r.?A. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Rive-side, Lier>y'3,
knell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville.
Booneville. Philo. Christine. Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brag?,
Westport, Usal. "Willltts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays rounl trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 630 Market St.. Chronicle bldf,
H C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1553.
FROM SAN FRAN IS TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— T:CO. »S:CO. &:30. 11:00 a. m. ;
"IMS. 3:20, 4:00 •6:CO. 6:3Q p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley a.v Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at S:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •SrOO. •8:00. '10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a.
m. : 1:00. *1:43. -2:30. "4:00. 3:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:C0 a. m. dees not run to San Ran Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:23. *5:40. 7:55. 8:40. "10:20
a. m.: 12:3-7. 2:13. •2:4 c). 4:33. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS—: "SrOO, r}:4s. "IOMo, •:'.♦>
a. m. ; 1:00. 2:20. *3:30. *3:15, '6:00. 7:00. 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCTSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:30. 7:55, 8:55. 10:"~
a m. : 12:35, 2:43. 4:55. 5:2') p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:'"0. 10:00. 11:10 -. m.; 12:0 a.
1"0 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. 6:3 i). 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week — i?azalero ar.d way sta'na.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta ns.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Point Reyes and way stations.
S:e"eo i m Sundays — Cazadero and way 'ns.
1:43 p. rr. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'r.s.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jar. IS, '.553, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. I North-bound.
Passen- [Mixed. ' Mixed. [Passen-
ger. (Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily, j Exc'ptd Exc'ptd ( Daily.
7:20 arrJlo:3o am Stockton 3:45 pmj 6:00 pm.
9:10 am 1 2:05 pm! Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 ami 5:33 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am! 7:45 pm Hanford 7:43 am- 1:45 pm
2:23 prn|l2:3o am' Bakersfleld 2:<X) amill:Co am,
11:59 am 6:23 pm; Visalia i 6:4.) am| 1:22 pm
12:15 pm| 6:53 pmj Tulare ! 5:50 ami 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market St..
San Francisco. ___-__—_—_—____,
/ tf^% t . Dr. Gibson's Dispensary,
j%r^efS_Sk 625 KJEABW -ST. Established
EsfilWtWf&i ln !*''•■»-* f o r the treatment of Privata
I V Diseases. Lost Manhood, Debility or
(\_*r> KE.tBW Wm. Established
In i»54 for the treatment of Privata
-3, Lost Manhood iJebilityor
£§T_**' > -^* , \> 'i:~ease wee. ring on bodyand mind ana
r?iSM{ffgr^cj >_ii> ■ •eases. The doc^r cures when
,J«Sli__^a others filL Try hint. Charges low.
—_____«>>>--! lartusuarnstreA. CrilorwriUi,
its. J. _ . vl--U->e -<ix PW , -a- Fr-sctsock
78
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery treet,
corner Clay; c~en until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:50 o'clock.
$16 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
• -v. Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
Until 9 o'clock.
10C' Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest • orner of Twenty-second and Ken
tockv streets! open until 9 "'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL" Lodge No. 22. F. and A. ft
M.— THIS -.MONDAY) EVENING at J*
7:30 o'clock. 3 D. Master Masons cor- 7ltJ-\
dlallv in\ited. By order of the XV. M. / V "|
WALTER ■'• ANDERSON, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. ft
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) J*
EVENING, a: 7:30 o'clock. Second J^_ r r
degree. ' ~ '
H. '". BUNKER, Secretary p. t.
KING Solomon's Ixvlge No. 260. F. and ft
A M. LS39 Fillmore St.— Second de- _G\_,
.-•■ THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at J^__K
7:30 o'clock. By order of the Master. /NT >
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Society— A meeting
of the picnic committee will be held at the
hall THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at 8
o'clock, to make final arrangements for the
thirteenth annual picnic, which will take
place at Shell Mound Park Sunday. August 6.
A full attendance necessary.
P. DEASY, Chairman.
JERRY MAHONEY. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Waldeck Sanatorium will be held
at 717 Jones Bt., TUESDAY EVENING. Au-
gust 1, at ••:;:<" o'clock.
ELMER E. KELLY. M.D., Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING- 1 - The regular annual
meeting of stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tatlon Company will be held at the office l
of the company, 227 Market st.. San Francis- j
co. Cal.. on TUESDAY, the Ist day of Au- ,
gust, 1899, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m . for |
the purpose of electing a board of directors j
to serve for tie- ensuing year, and the trans- |
action of such other business as may come j
before the meeting. Transfer books will close i
or. SATURDAY. July 29. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. |
ANNUAL meeting^-The Rlsdon Iron and Loco- I
motive Works— The annual ting of the
stockholders of the Risd n Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, for the election of trustees for the
en.--; year and the transaction of such
other business as may be brought before the
meeting, will be held at the office of the com-
panj southeast comer of Beale and Howard
sts ' San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 7th
day of August. 1*99. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R MEAD. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived an application trom H. W. Tanger-
man to mine by the hydraulic process In the
□ton placer mine, at Clinton, Amador Coun-
ty . and to deposit tailings In Jackson Creek,
gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room 69. Flood building. San Francisco,
Cal.. on July 31. 1899. at 1:30 p. m.
ACCOUNT eVNTS.
6. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. st.. designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for co-porafons „■ firms, ref.
ATTORNEY'S AT LAW.
jTaGEIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City ami County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, £25-855 Market st.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce it* a specialty; private;
no fe?e without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: nn charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L S CLARKE-Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First st.— Cicely furnished rooms, with
beard. $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
ATLAS, 1001 Sutter— New, beautifully furnished
sunny suites, single r., reas.: board optional.
FELL. US— Large sunny room, with board, for j
2. 537 50: also single cm. j
O'FARRELL* 742— Clean comfortable rooms;
good home cooking: special rates to gents.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Bq.— Restaurant, dining rm. ; cen. for lunches. i
FUNNY' home for children, near school; large i
grounds: mother's care; $5 to $10 per month.
MISS WILSON, 138 West Mission, nr. 13th.
6UTTER. 112S — Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden; home cooking.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— lnfant to board: $10 a month. 210
Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
REFINED experienced nurse has a comfort- !
able home for infants: ?10 mo. 531 A Castro st.
■ __ . *-— !
BOOKS SI "- 1 . <)!!».
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Cc. 704 Mission St.. near Third. ;
BUSINESS CHANCE'".
A— s63o; SALOON; elegantly furnished; estab-
lished many years and doing an average
business of $15 per day; card rooms; cash
register; safe; fine oil paintings; located
ciose to Palace Hotel; rent $50; lease. Call
R. G. WILKIE, 906 Market St.
$3.-,(>— DAIRY' produce business ln leading mar-
lift of this city; horse and wagon. Inquire
W I LX l E. 906 -
$450— Saloon; best location on city front: sell-
ing on account of sickness. R. G. WILKIE
& CO., 906 Market st.. room 7 and J^
A— sUo0 JL CHOP house and coffee saloon in
wholesale? district; established years; clearing
above $150 per month; only cause of sale dis-
agreement of partners. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— 7 HE best-paying and for years established
corner grocery and bar in the Mission; low
rent; must be sold at once; on account of
family trouble the place is turned over to a
wholesale liquor house; investigate and make
your offer. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
*• , .
A— s4so; DRY goods, notions and fancy store,
with living rooms; rent $14; good paying;
Etock worth the money; owner to leave. R.
G. WILKE, '■ '. Market st.
A MANUFACTURING and thing business for
less than one-fourth its value; owner ing
to Europe and must be sold for less than IllKW;
will net $200 to $300 per month; come quick
and investigate this day; make- offer. COW-
ING & CO., 993 Market st-
A SALOON; corner, near Market; must sell at
once; sacrifice. COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
SALOON Buyers, Attention— We have fine sa-
loons: several must be closed out at bargains.
PACIFIC COAST EXCHANGE, room 2, 100714
Market st., n-ar Sixth.
ONE HALF interest in a paying manufactur-
ing business; goods sold to dealers; large
profits: active single man preferred; capital
necessary $500. Apply PACIFIC COAST EX-
CHANGE, rooms 2-3, 1007'/ 2 Market, nr. 6th.
$35C--CORNER cigar stand; business street;
splendid location; departure cause of sale.
Mclaughlin & CO., 777% Market st.
$1".0— GROCERY' and bar; rent $16; 4 rooms: de-
parture cause sale. McLAUGHLIN, 777 Mkt.
$500— SALOON: bargain; this day. on account
of disagreement of partners. McLaughlin
A CO., 7774 Market st.
$600— RESTAURANT; 25c meals; doing fine
business; low rent; cause of selling, other
business. BASILE, 3 Eddy St.
• $525— ROOM li use; good location; all rented;
rent $50. BASILS, 3 Eddy st.
A— s323: BARBER shop with laundry office: re-
ceipts $70 week; 3 chairs; near Market: bar-
gain City Business Exchange. 1032 Market.
• $350 '.'ILL buy roadside house, with lease of
large lot; rent, $10 a month; 10 rooms, with
stable, sheds, chicken and pigeon house; car-
riage sheds: 45 minutes' from Kearny st.
Particulars W WAIN WRIGHT. 126 O'Farrell.
$_3<^— -MALL produce, pork and delicacy
■tore good location. Inquire at P6 Eleventh
tt., 'all branch office.
BALOON with good business in good location.
NABER, ALES & BRUNE. 323 Market st.
SALOON with good business. 636 Third st.
RESTAURANT; good paying; must be sold on
account of ill health; snap. 606 Mission st.
IF you wish to become an expert stenographer
go to Ayres' Business College, 723 Market st.
WANTED— A paying grocery that will
.bear investigation. BECK & CO.. 935 Market.
ANY' ONE wishing to join small party going to
Capf- Nome, ati box 17. Branch Office Call,
1(6 Eleventh St.
MISSION and Bosworth streets— New car line
to Glen Park; beEt grocery corner. 413
Kearny st.
c i_ ___ — — .
140,000 FOR ',-:• interest in an enterprising busi-
ness: r.o experience required. Address box
4994, Call office.
FRUIT store: 3 living rooms; large cellar;
horse and wagon; paying business. 209 Second.
$175— SHOE shop; pays well; low rent; gooa
prices: must be sold: make offer. 832 Bush St.
FOR SALE— GOod shoe store and' repairing;
low rent; best location. Box 4956, Call.
A HUSTLER with $150 can get half-interest In
excellent established business. 827 Mission st.
HA IRDRESSING ard manicure store; fair
htock; investigate; bargain. 436 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS taloon: good location; for sale
cheap; „ 0 agents. Inquire at Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$150 — COFFEE saloon; principal street; near
Market st.; established 16 years: place is a
mint; trial given. M. LESS & CO., 765 Mkt.
I COFFEE saloon and chop house, oppo-
site ferry; crowded during meal hours: steady
run all day; old established place; well fur-
nished; a good paying business Al bargain.
M. LESS & CO., 765 Market St. _____
! $450— SALOON and lunch house; good part city;
9 rooms, inc. furniture; roomers pay more
than rent; big bar trade. LESS & CO., 765
Market.
♦350— RESTAURANT and oyster hou*i'; pros-
perous town of State; value in sight; good
business; practically without competition;
bargain. M LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
j ATTENTION— To sell your business promptly
for cash apply to HEALY & CO.. 917 Market.
I $SEO— PROMINENT corner grocery and bar;
best location in the city; selling at Invoice
price. HEALY & Co., 917 Market st.
$350— RESTAURANT and oyster house: prin-
cipal street north of Market; clearing $100 per
month; investigate. HEALY & CO., 917 Mkt.
FOR sale — Grocery and liquor store: very" old
stand; situated at corner of Pine and I'u-
pont, clty; owners wishing to retire from the
retail business; a good chance for one or two
persons with a moderate capital. For fur-
ther Information Inquire at LENORMAND
BROS., SW. cor. Pine and Dupont sta.
$2000— FIRST-CLASS grocery; must be sold at
once; best of reasons for telling; new stock
and fixtures; will invoice $3000: long estab- i
lished: low rent; long lease; Investigate Im-
mediately; chance for Eastern man. Box .
4991, Call office. I
BECK & CO. NOAH F. FLOOD Attorney.
Buy. sell and exchange real estate and busi- j
ness' chances; loans and collections made. 935
Market st. j
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and :
pork-packing business for sale ln one of the ,
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars inquire at this office.
| $1 60— 1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed: catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY. 511 Sacramento St.; tel. Main 1836. j
j FOR sale — Grocery and bar. NE. corner '
First and Folsom sts. j
| CIGAR store; must be cold; offer wanted. Ap- ;
j ply 400 Montgomery st.
I FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale on water front.
i Apply 527 Montgomery st.
I GROCERY and bar, well stocked; cheap. Ap-
ply WICHMAN, LUTGEN & CO., 320 Clay et.
' FAMILY boarding-house; steady boarders; 14
I rms., all occupied: bargain. A.C.box 71, Call.
I $135- BRANCH bakery, notion store; 2 living
rooms. 805% Filbert st.
' TO sell or exchange — Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON. 783H Market st.
BARGAIN— Meat market: $250; splendid lo-
cality; cash business. Apply owner. 506 Castro.
j GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San
Pablo aye.. Oakland: no agents.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & _______ 41.* Sacramento st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN You become disgusted with pcor work
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 37.C -357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40. j
| ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WAl.ci'M, Proprietor.
J jUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. ; tei. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
; J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
! U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden j
Gate; carpets cleaned. 3c yd tel. Mint 316.
j CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
curt for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
i MRS. .T. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvcyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offices. 232 Stockton, bet. i
Post and Geary; sittings. $1; diagnosis free.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease; full life readings;
ladles. 50c; gents, Jl; sittings, $150. 126 Turk.
ARRIVED The king of all mediums. Prof.
Halev: tells your life from cradle to grave;
60c, $1 up. I*o6 Taylor st., parlors 3-5. j
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future, 25c. 14- Sixth st., room 12.
YOUR future told by cards: lady or gent, 25c.
Lady Barbers, 959 A Howard st, j
MISS A L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist an.i planets. 23 Sixth st., rooms 2-3.
MME AUGUST, 1149 Mission st., clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
CONSULT on matters of business, health and
happiness LAJHI. the Psychic, 120 A Eddy st.
MME. Me 'REAL', the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; l c; ladles only.
543 Natoma St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business j
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by j
cards; satisfaction guar.; 2fc. 1322 Mission. |
YOUR future told by cards, 25c • Sunday hours, j
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkln St., room 6. !
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture.. 2sc: ladles, 914 ci'E.-irrell st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CORNER bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath, gas;
cottage of 6 rooms. 1876 15th St., nr. Dolores.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms. 2309 Polk st.
$B— NEAT cottage, 4 rooms, yard. 1705 Turk
st.. near Scott.
COUNTRY BOARDING.
COUPLE without children can find extra com-
fortable board on fruit farm at reasonable
rates. Ad. DAVIDSON. Dimond. Alameda Co.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors. 927
Market st., over Cafe Ziinkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1; other fillings, from 50c; j
plates, from $4 60; flesh colored plates, from :
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge "work i
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work. ;
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown j
and bridge work teeth without a plate; fill-
ings. SOc; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $5; I
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO !
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
J.I 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 1" p. m. : Sunday. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, 44;
rubber or flexible plates, V.: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FELL set of teeth, $4. fillings. 25c up; gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges, $.*. up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
i DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
MEYER, 6 Turk; Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity, guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
; operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenlr.gs. 850 Market st.
! SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st. ■-■>■'-■ i
— —^ c^ — — — _— — — — .
EDUCATIONAL,,
; HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San
Francisco. Bookkeeping, business practice,
I shorthand. typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
i ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing: 26 teachers; Individual instruction,
200 graduates annually placed In positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new SO-page cata-
log free.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— opens
' August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy- I
elcal culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano, I
violin. Journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 16 instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue, Odd Fellows' bldg., S. F.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
»cl_4ar*_ip, $60; low rate* per week aad mo.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 24, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— HOPF'S Singing, Piano School; half rates
summer months; French, Spanish daily.
Mercantile Library, 530 Golden Gate aye.,
rms. 5, 6, 7; hours 2 to 8. _
M G BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Fills system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, archi.; day and eve. ;
est.' 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness liege. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
THE Studio, 1033 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet. English and German. 60c lesson.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons. $5 mo. 514 Hayes St.. top flat.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher; ten
years' experience; 50c an hour. .620 Eddy st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
rAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 66.
IRPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Ch1-
;,,.,,■. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FemaIe.
i c cX, superior and first-class; also 3 first-
class servants for housework; all with ref-
erences from 1 year to 16 years in one place;
wish situations. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS French cook desires situation as
cook; understands all branches of cooKlng;
Jewish or American family; best local refer-
ences. Please call or address MISS D. CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. ; telephone Grant 120.
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation;
good cook and houseworker; 3 years last
place; city or country. MISS D. CULLEN,
326 Sutter st.
SEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl, $10 to $15. Apply MISS
D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
3ERMAN housegirl with 4 years' references,
good cook, $15 to $20. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook and
houseworker. $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
PLEASING competent woman desires position
as hoflsekeeper of respectable rooming house;
reference. Call or address Housekeeper, 127
Hyde st. ______
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes a few
more engagements; $1 25 per day. Box :*»4,
Call office.
ELDERLY lady wishes a place as housekeeper
for widower and children; good references
from last place; wages $10. 227 Minna st
RESPECTABLE girl wants to d.> chamber-
work and waiting. 227 Minna st.
GERMAN woman raised in America wishes a
situation to do housework; is ci good cook;
wages from $10 to $12. Call at 608 Howard st.
RESPECTABLE, competent woman desires to
do housework In city; Is good plain cook.
'- ; Mission st. ___________
YOUNG girl wishes to assist in light house-
work and take care of children. 909 Mission.
BY strong young woman as wonting house-
keeper; city or country. 15 Powell, room 6.
SITUATION to do washing by the day. 504
Howard st. . room 17.
AN experienced dressmaker in ladles' and
children's clothes will accept more engage-
ments in families: SI 25 per day; references. I
Apply 1514 Buchanan st. I
NEAT reliable lady wishes a position out of '
San Francisco August 1; four years working
housekeeper and care of invalid; can make
herself useful at millinery, dressmaking or
any kind of work; fare paid. Box 4693, Call.
TEACHER holding San Francisco Grammar
grade certificate, desires position In private
family; willing and obliging; country pre-
ferred". Box ■_■__ Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes position as house-
keeper. 126 Fourth st., room 15.
WANTED— Care of Infant or child under 4 at
lady's home. Box 4990. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 » night; $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and resDectable; free 'bus
and bag-age to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Mule.
PROF. WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
'phone Red 3211, 315 Stoc on st.
■CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 4144 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 424.
HOTEL manager wants a house to manage In
city or country; practical in every way;
knows business from kitchen to attic; famil-
iar with California and Eastern customs.
Addrt>ss l:. G. DABBS, Winchester Hotel,
San Francisco. ■
STEADY place wanted as short order cook;
will do dishwashing, cook and open oysters
if required. HENRY'S, 514 central aye., near
Hayes st. - '"
•OACHMAN— Situation wanted: thoroughly
understands care horses, carriages, garden,
milking; good driver; thoroughly competent.
Box 4999, Call office.
ATTENDANT to Invalid gentleman or nurse
by experienced nurse and masseur; willing
to travel; city references; terms very mod-
erate. Box 988, Call.
•/OUNG American, age 24, has some experience
painting and paperhanging, very" anxious for
employment. Address box IS3, Call, Oakland.
BARBER would like a steady place; so much
and board or without board, j Box 956, Call.
BARBER wants steady work. Call in even-
ing after 7 o'clock, Dewey House, 17 Steuart.
COACHMAN, neat and quick worker and thor-
ough horseman; first-class city references;
position city or country. Box 914, Call office.
BY a night-school student, age 16. a position
where he can work for board and room, be-
fore and after school, or receive small sal-
ary; a willing worker; speaks German. Box
943, Call office.
GOOD bread baker wishes position; second
hand. Box 911. Call office.
YOUNG man, experienced city driver, wishes
situation; no Sunday work; fair wages; does
not drink. Box 919, Call.
WOODTURNER, with experience on general
machine work, wants position. E. LUX,
6718 Minna st.
YOUNG man wants work; is a good painter,
handy man about place. Address K. H., box
957. Call office.
SITUATION— Man and wife on ranch, mines
or private place; man handy with carpenter's
tools: wife good plain cook. Box 618, Call.
GENERAL machinist and engineer wants posi-
tion In mine; able to do his own blaeksmith-
ing; also has experience in amalgamating and
artesian well boring. Address within 1 week
WM. W. WEBER. Winchester Hotel. v 7,
FIRST-CLASS French cook, second to none,
having worked In best families of New York.
with best references, wishes position as cook
in city or abroad. Box 4971, Call office.
I'OUNG man desires position with private fam-
ily as coachman or man about place; under-
stands the care of horses; can milk and tend
garden; references. Box 910, Call.
SITUATION wanted by first-class salesman;
first-class references given; speaks German
and English perfectly. Address box 4952, Call.
YOUNG unmarried man of excellent character
wants position of any kind; will deposit $50
as security for my honesty; no fakir need
answer. Address box 907, Call office.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange— 6-room story and a half
house; lot 100x200; barn, chicken house and
buggy shut .: town water; located best resi-
dence street Dixon; value $2000. Address box
1501. Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
HIGHEST U. S. army, navy and Government
Officials are using Mayerle's glasses. GEO.
MAYERLE. German Expert Optician, char-
ter member American Association of Opti-
cians. 10711. Market st., San Francisco, Cal.;
glasses fitted by mall. ■
FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 MARKET ST.
FLATS. COTTAGES.
217 Elm ay., 5 r...517 121 Cedar ay 5 r...515
431 4th ay., 6 r.... 16 2527 Jackson, 5 r.. ... 12
2937 California. 5 r. 15. 17 Erkson ct., 5 r.. 11
2301 Geary, 5 r 16 2085 Ellis, 3 r 9
605 Ivy ay.. 4 r.... 13 1 820 Buchanan, 3 r.. 8
1229 Broderick, 4 r. 121 13 Garden ay., 4 r. 7
A.— TEHAMA. 36 and 38— 4-room flats: reason-
able rent; clean; neat. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st.
CHOICE corner flat: 1426 Ellis St.; 7 rooms
and bath; sun in every room; rent low. Ap-
ply MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
FINE corner flat, 7 rooms; all modern Improve-
ments; yard; cellar; sun all day. 118 Web-
ster st.. near Haight.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FULTON. 146— Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16. .
GEARY, Choice upper flat; 6 large sunny
rooms, bath; reasonable.
FLATS TO LET.
HOWARD, 1802— Sunny bay-window flat of 3
rooms and bath; $11.
LOWER flat. 4 rooms and bath, $12. 64 Fair
Oaks st., near Twenty-second.
MODERN upper flat; 5 rooms, bath. 33 Hardy
St., off Sixteenth, above Church.
NEAR City Hall: 2 new upper sunny modern
flats; 5 rooms and bath each; 28 Grove st. and
26 Birch aye.
NEW 5-room. sunny flat, frescoed, bath, water
free; $15. 3748 Twenty-second st.. nr Castro.
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe sts.;
lovely sunny 5-room flat; modern improve-
ments; rent $17; water free.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073. near Castro— Sunny i-
room flat; modern: rent $15: water free.
TWO nice unfurnished flats: 4 rooms each;
•water free; $10 and $11. Apply 1211R Bush st.
TWO new sunny flats. 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
garden: laundry. 1014 13th St., near Scott.
UPPER flat, 287 Clara St., 4 rooms; rent $3.
MADISON & BURKE.
2 NEW sunny modern flats, 4 and 5 rooms,
bath each; 1421 Hayes St., $14, and 965 Golden
Gate aye.. $21.
4 ROOMS and bath: large cellar: large flower
garden: 1219 Laguna St., cor. Ellis. Inquire
1221 Laguna st.
$9— LOWER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
st.. off Market, near Valencia.
FLATS TO LET Furnlnhed.
GROVE, 818. bet. Webster and Fillmore— Sun-
ny furnished or unfurnished flat. 6 rooms,
piano, garden, stable if desired: references.
FIR.\ITIK_ FOR SALE.
HOUSE of 10 rooms, and large grounds; hand-
somely furnished; at present occupied by a
family desirous of giving up housekeeping;
offers furniture for sale very reasonable; rent
moderate; excellent opportunity for family-
looking for complete home. Box 956, Call.
THE furniture of 17 rooms for sale cheap; must
be sold this week. 16 Polk st.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HELP "WANTED — Ajrents.
MANAGER fraternal life insurance company
for California and Oregon; either sex; none
but experienced solicitors need apply. DR.
C. B. PAUL, box 987, Call.
AGENTS— We are still increasing our sales of
saloon articles; "they must have it"; quick
returns; big profits. 1112 Monadnock, Chicago.
AGENTS- Gasoline gas lamps for hot weather;
$2 to $5 profit to agents. Brilliant Gas Lamp
Co.. 48 Clark st.. Chicago
AGENTS— Latest European novelty out; sam-
ples 10c. Empire Novelty Co., 512 Market st.
HELP — Female.
COOK and second girl; same house; $30 and
$20; see party here. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter st.
TWO laundresses for an institution; $25 each.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COOK and nurse; same house; $25 each. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COOK $30; ranch cook. $20; middle-aged wo-
man, small family, $20: woman for light
housework, $12; young girl to assist, $10 to
$12. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
25 HOUSEGIRLS, $25 and $20; second girl, $20;
chambermaid, country. $15, waitress, $18 to
$20; nurseglrl, $10; German housegirl. $25;
German girl as cook, $25; cook, San Rafael,
$25. MRS NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
HOUSEGIRL; San Rafael. $25; Oakland. $20;
Alameda. $20; neat Swedish housegirl for an
American family, good place, $20, call early.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
CHAMBERWORK and seamstress. Santa Cruz,
$20 per month. MISS D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS cook, country, $30 to $35 per
month. MISS D. CULLEN, 320 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child. $15 per month. MISS
D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL $25 per month; country. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
NEAT girl to assist in kitchen, country, $20 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
2 YVAITRESSSES and chambermaids, same ho-
tel. San Mateo, $20 each; La Honda, $20.
Miss i 'ELLEN. 326 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. Livermore, $25; Raymond.
$20 fare paid; Cordelia. $15; Oakland, $20 per
month, 2 in family. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
8 waitresses for springs and resorts; 15 wait-
resses for the best commercial hotels in
country; 21 waitresses, best city hotels, $20;
3 chambemaids t" wait. $20; chambermaid,
$20; 3 women cooks, $25 and $30; cook. Pacific
Grove, $30, fare one way.
FAMILY' ORDERS
housegirl, Capitola, $25. free fare, choice
place: cook, country, *25; second girl, city,
$20; 25 -ills for cooking and general "house-
work. $15 to $23.
C R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED Girls for city and country at good
wages in first-class families. ANDRE'S, 316
Stockton st.
WOMEN and girls— Apply immediately. Cali-
fornia Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan st., bet.
Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co., Ltd.,
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
GIRL to do light housework and assist with
children. Apply at 3136 Twenty-fourth St.,
between Shotwell and Folsom.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; ref-
erences required. Apply at 1635 Sacramento
St.. between 8 and 12 a. m.
NEAT young girl for upstairs work and sew-
ing. 2520 Y'allejo st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on rants wanted. 410
Kearny St., room 20, second floor.
GIRL; general housework; $10 a month. 2306
Sutter st.
WANTED— GirI to assist, In light housework;
small family. 2111 Geary St., near Scott,
TAILORESS on custom coats; make button-
holes; good wages. 140 Russ st.
YOUNG girl to mind baby and assist with light
housework. Call at 1110 Powell st.
WANTED— A girl in bakery. IPS Ninth st.
WANTED— More operators on skirts. Call 412
Market st. :V. ■
CHAMBERMAID who understands cooking.
lllVi Minna st.; call between 12 and 4 o'clock.
YOUNG woman to wait on store; good home;
small wages. Apply 147 Fifth St.. 8 to 10 a. m.
YOUNG girl between 18 and 20 for light house-
work; sleep at home; wages $10. 355 Eleventh.
WANTED Girl for second' work and waiting.
Apply after 9 o'clock at 1307 Hyde st.
HOUSEKEEPER wanted. Apply at 2216 De-
visadero st. after 6 p. m.
WOMAN for housework. Apply at 162 South
.Park. .'.,; -- ■-.- -
YOUNG girl for plain cooking and general
housework; family of 2. 2901 Jackson st.
60 GIRLS for peeling and canning fruit. Apply
OVERLAND PACKING CO., 11 Harrison st.
GIR-L for light housework; wages $10. 610 A
Jessie st.
NEAT resnectable girl for light housework.
610% Polk st.
YOUNG girl to help with children and general
work. $15. 316 Page st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; light housework and
cooking; small family; $10. 1521 California st.
YOUNG girl for housework at 216 » _ Grove st.
NEAT woman for general housework and plain
cooking. 501 Octavia st.
GIRL to make button-holes in tailoring shop
at 143 Larkln st.
WANTED — Co-warkers. either sex, everywhere;
nicest home work ever offered; $12 per week
salary: lit. and explanations, 2c. Address The
Non-Medicine Cure Club, lock box 802, Los
Angeles, Cal.
THE McDOWELL is the oldest dressmaking
school on the coast. Your opportunity to get
useful education reasonable; evening class;
patterns cut 25c up. The McDowell. 103 Post.
A lb 'ME in return for light services; no chil-
dren wanted; small place. Address One, box
912, Call office.
{00 MORE Sewing machine operators will ■ find
work In LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S Overall
Factory, 32% Fremont st.
GIRL to assist In housework; small family.
14138 Mason st. ■---,-
STRONG girl willing to do general housework
and cooking; small family; $20. 608 Cole st.
GIRL to mind baby; sleep home. Call 9 to 12,
1321 Broadway.
WANTED— More operators on shirts. Call 412
Market St.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye. Cr .;■:
EXPERIENCED finishers on coats; also ap-
prentice. Call after 9 a. m.., 354 Geary st.
HELP WANTED FemaIe.
MACHINE operators on men's shoes: both dry
and wax thread. YVENTWORTH SHOE CO..
119 Pino st. ___——_•—■
HELP YVANTED — Male^
WANTED— Restaurant second cook. $40; res-
taurant cook. $10 to $12 week: cook for coun-
try lunch house, $40 to $50; dishwasher for
country, $15 and $20 and found: hotel and
restaurant waiters and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
YY'ANTED— S carpenters for country. $3 day;
blacksmith for mine. $3 day. steady job, call
early; 5 quartz miners, $2 50 day; 4 gravel
miners, $40 and board: 50 iaborers for mine,
$26 and found and $1 90 and $2 day; 25 la-
borers for country, free fare; 10 laborers for
mill and woods. $1 75 to $2 75 day, see boss
in city; laborers for city. $2 day; 10 team-
sters, long job. $1 75 and $2 day; 5 woodchop-
pers, $150 cord; machine man for planing
mill, $3 day; blacksmith's helper. $1 25 day
and board; 3 ironers, $25 and found, and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento,
WANTED— farmer and vineyard
man, $25 to $30, see boss here: farmers for
Contra Costa and San Mateo counties. $25 and
$26; choreboys and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 62S Sacramento st. '■:.
YVANTED— First-class creamery butter-maker.
$35 and found. J. F. CROSETT ft CO., 628
Sacramento st.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
26 laborers $2. $1 75 day, $30, $26 and found
9 laborers.. sl 75 day. board yourselves home
6 teamsters $26 and found, $2, $1 75 day.
MURRAY ft READY', 634 and 636 Clay st.
ENGINEER, thrashing outfit. $1 day and found.
MURRAY' _ READY', 634 and 636 Clay st.
big MONEY'
GOLD mines silver mines
QUARTZ MINES QUARRIES
coal MINES COPPER MINES
39 miners $3 and $2 50 day
176 laborers (no experience required), any one
' will suit— will, wages $60. $57, $30, $45, $40,
$30 and found, $2 50 and $2 day
22 laborers (no experience) for a quarry,
steady jobs all the above are, year round,
$42 and found, fares from $1 30
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
27 SAWMILLS" WOODS
We pay your fare We pay your fare
You will suit No experience required
IS4 laborers $26 to $40 and found
Setters, sawmill, spool tenders, head donkey
men, blacksmiths, crosscut sawyers, shingle
bolt makers, screw turners, bark peelers,
mill bench hands, jackscrewers, log fixers,
etc., and 64 other classes of help, $75, $70, $60,
$50, $40, $35, $30 and found; come and see us;
manager of one big mill at our office, see
him
WE PAY MURRAY & READY,
YOUR FARE 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE TO.....GREAT RAILROADS FREE
Free to every railroad in California for drill-
ers, laborers, teamsters, header and hammer-
men WAGES $3 DAY
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
BIG YVAGES
$60 29 laborers, fare 30c $60
$45 and found 32 laborers, north
$45 and found
$52 14 four-horse teamsters, fare $1 $52
$35 and found 6 teamsters, fare $1 40
$3.', and found
$3 day 19 drillers Free fare $3 day
$2 50 to $1 50 day and found. .Harvest Help..
$2 50 to $1 50 day
$35. $30, $26 and found Paid
$35. $30. $26 and found
For 97 farm, orchard, vineyard and dairy
help ••
COME MURRAY & READY,
AND SEE 634-636 Clay St.
.... .CARPENTERS AND BLACKSMITHS
9 carpenters, city and country jobs
$3 and $2 50 day
3 bridge carpenters for sawmill.. s4s and found
9 blacksmiths for shops, ranches, camps, saw-
mills etc $2 50, $2 day. $45. $30 and found
BUTCHERS— STABLEMEN
6 butchers, good country jobs.. s3s, $30 and fd.
4 stable men and buggy washers,43o and found
..CHOREMEN AND BOYS. HAY BALERS..
25 choremen and boys for ranches. $30. $26,
625, $20, $15 and $10 and found; gardener and
wife ••
$3 50 DAY HAY' BALERS $3 60 DAY
We wart help for Oregon, Washington, Ari-
zona, Hawaiian Islands. British Columbia
264 men. wages $65, $4. $3 day
Also cabinetmakers, fruit pickers
YY'oodchoppers, tie makers, street railroad
help, help for manufacturing companies In
California MURRAY' & READY.
634 and 636 Clay St.
FOR A BANKING SYNDICATE
27 men to help finish hay work, in packing,
drying houses, later on pick peaches, prunes,
grapes and make yourself otherwise useful,
no experience, wages $26 and found; no Sun-
da v work
Fare $I.. MURRAY & READY. 634-686 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
12 cooks, good Jobs, $50, $45, $40, $30 and $25
and found; 9 waiters, good Jobs, $30, $25 and
$20 and found
14 dishwashers .$l5. $30. $25 and $20 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
BAKERS " LAUNDRYMEN
BUTTER MAKERS
4 seconds. 2 first, third hands, call early; 3
laundrymen, 3 helpers, $35, $25 and $15 and
found; 4 butter makers and run separators,
$30 and found. MURRAY ft READY", 634-636
Clay st. _____
NO OFFICE FEE.
FIFTY* MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
$1 75 AND $2 50 PER DAY.
C R. HANSEN ft CO..
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS,
, 104 GEARY ST.
=
NO OFFICE FEE.
FREE FARE.
50 laborers and teamsters for the Valley Rail-
road, $1 75 a day and $25 and board per month.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FOR A GOLD MINE.
5 MINERS. $3 a day; 15 able-bodied men for
laboring work in and around a mine. $2 50 a
day, no experience required
sec boss here 10 a. m. Monday
C, R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
COMPANY WORK
FREE FARE FREE FARE
$30 pick and shovel laborers, $1 75 a day,
beard $4 50 a week.
C... R. HANSEN & CO
104 Geary st
KITCHEN crew for country hotel, chef $75,
second cook $50. third cook $30, vegetableman
$20; meat and pastry cook, country hotel. $60:
French second cook. $60; head and second
cooks for a steamboat. $50 and $35: 3 waiters,
country hotels and restaurants, $25 and $30;
waiter for springs. $22 50; bell boy, summer
reeort, $15; 6 Ironers, different country laun-
dries, $30 and $35; washer and starcher, $25;
polisher, $30; washer, plain hotel laundry, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., I'M Geary st.
CAMP cock for a railroad camp. $3 to $60 and
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary,
BLACKSMITH, $40 and board; blacksmith
helper, $85 and board; 2 cabinetmakers. $2 25
a day; 2 bench hands, planing mill. $2 25 a
day: 4 farmers, $35 and found, fare $1; 20 la-
borers for a quarry, $1 90 a day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Cook for country hotel, $50 per
month and fare advanced. W. D. EYY'ER ft
CO., 610 Clay st.
CHOREBOY', country, $10 a month: dishwasher,
city, $10 a month. MISS D. CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WANTED— At once. 3 cooks, 2 dishwashers, 3
waiters and an Al barkeeper. PROF. YVAG-
NER'S office. 315 Stockton st.
BOY' wanted to work In bakery; with expe-
rience preferred; sleep at home. 108 Ninth st.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 223 Grant aye.
BARBER wants steady Job evenings. Saturday
and Sunday. Address box 98.'. Call office.
ALL around cook for boarding house. S. W.
corner Bay and Webster sts.
PAINTER wanted at 128 Fifth st. ; 7 o'clock
in morning.
STEADY barber wanted at 39% Turk st.
WANTED— First-class tailor at home. 433
Geary st.
GOOD steady barber wanted. 479 Ninth st.
YY'ANTED— Dishwasher: call early. 248 East
street.
DISHWASHER: must carry trays. 37 Eddy st.
LUNCH waiter. 623 Fourth st.
WANTED— A waiter for OWENS & STARR'S
lunch place, 7 Ninth st. .
GOOD lunch waiter wanted. 136 Second st.
BOOTBLACK for first-class barber shop. 100
Market st.
WANTED— Faithful persons to travel: salary
straight: no more, no less; $780 and expenses:
reference*. Inclose self-addressed stamped
envelope. A. J. MUNSON, Secretary, Caxton
building, Chicago. _
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco, Cal.
500 MEN— to-day: get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
HEAD waiter, $45; 3 dishwashers, $20; second
cook. $45; country hotels. HOTEL GAZETTE,
26 Montgomery st., room 12.
WANTED— A young man with experience in
domestic department. Apply WEINSTOCK.
LUBIN & CO.. Market and Taylor sts.
HELP WANTED — Male.^
MEN to learn barber trade; t__ **£& n^de
after 8 weeks' practice; only institution cach-
ing the tonsorial art; call or -write .for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER S BARBER
COLLEGE, 635 Clay St.. near Kearny.
MEN wanted- Laborers, drillmen a . d ._._" -
sters on railroad work: fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN. 302 Mont-
gomery st. .
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— One hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake la-
hoi; wages $2 TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board. $4 .50 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE' camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road. .
DRUG clerk wanted. Inquire at 74 Jackson
I street.
WANTED— A bushelman at E. MESSAGER'S
Cloak Store. 145 Post St.
MIDDLE-AGED carpenter for jobbing work.
Address, stating wages, box 1524, Call office.
YY'ANTED— A young man to wait at table and
: m e a few "beds. Apply __ Fourth St.
GOOD marker. Oakland Laundry Co., Twenty-
ninth and Grove sts.. Oakland. ;
; WANTED-TWO good tinsmiths to work on
pieced tinware. Apply to C. F. EMERSON,
521 Howard st. —
COMPETENT shoefltters wanted; steady- em-
ployment; Seattle. Washington. Call Tues-
day morning. 106 Battery st.
W ANTED— man to assist ln light w-ork;
must be satisfied to $16 per week and have
$75 cash. 1038 Market St., room 4. ;
BARBER shop for sale; 3 living rooms: good
laundry office: rent $15. 2144 Mission st.
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
care of you: half-soled while waiting. 3oc to
50c. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
TRY' our 15c meals; best in city. 40« McAllis-
ter st. _____
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila. Alaska. New York.
YV. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket St.; free shaving in students' department.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-;
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard: read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 138V4 Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. 11. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third 'and Market.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. El.ho House. 863% Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third Bt., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every YY'edneaday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. j
JUST arrived— Carload large horses and car-
load medium size, broke and unbroke. at
J. D. HORAN'S. Tenth and Bryant sts.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall. suc-
cessors Kllllp & Co.. salesyard. 1732 Market, j
FOR sale— B4o; thoroughbred saddle mare: suit- I
able for lady; 6 years old. 19 City Hall aye.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL. veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
HOUSES LODGING — For Sale.
12-ROOM house: large yard; downtown $ 400
18 rooms; clears $100: only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
54-room house; clears $300 $1600
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp Fifth.
$400— 10-ROOM house on Taylor st. ; $200 cash,
balance easy paym'ts.' DECKER, 1020 Market.
22 ROOMS (corner); 15 bay-window rooms; ail
rented: bargain; easy payments. DECKER.
1020 Market st.
54-ROOM house (corner) for sale at a bargain;
-...• it. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
R H WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
THE LEADING AND RELIABLE BROKERS.
14 rooms, near Sutter ar-' Post sts $550
18 rooms, rent $65, near Orphe .m 950
30 rooms, rent $90. fine paying house 1350
40 rooms, modern, cheap rent 1800
MONEY TO LOAN AT TYVO PER CENT,
$2500— 30-ROOM house; first class; best location:
will trade for ranch; house full always.
GERMAN-AMERICAN. 34 Kearny st. w
GOOD-PAYING rooming-house, centrally lo-
cated, for sale or exchange for private resi- j
dence'. Box 4536. Call office.
LIST of houses from 10 to 100 rooms; $200 buys
newly furnished flat; houses bought, sold and
exchanged. EITEL. 100S'. Market st.
GREAT sacrifice, $325: lodging house on Third
st., 18 rooms, rent $40. Apply to E. ROBI-
NET, 4114 California St., upstairs.
BARGAIN— Corner house; good transient; 34
rms.; newly furn.: electric lights: sell or ex-
change for smaller; no agents. Box 698, Call.
$750— HOUSE. 17 rms.. nicely fshd.. nr. Mkt.. all
filled; estate. T. J. KELLEY, 437 Parrott bdg.
FOR sale— The business and furniture of a fine
family hotel, 60 rooms, situated In the cente"
of San Francisco. Address P. O. box 51,
Tracy. CaL
A GOOD lodging house of 19 large rooms; well
lighted: for rent cheap. 154 Tehama st.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St.
HOUSE of 8 rooms, bath; newly papered and
painted; rent $30. 1717 Laguna st.
PACIFIC Heights— House of 10 rooms, bath,
storeroom, cellar, etc. ; rent $50 to good ten-
ant. 2528 Washington st.
SPLENDID house; fine condition; 7 rooms: low
1 rent. 3386 Twenty-first st. : key next door.
VERY fine house, ln perfect condition; 3356
Twenty-first st., near Guerrero: 7 room*;
rent very reasonable: see it E. G. DENNIS-
TON. 2454 Twenty-first st.
$IS— 7-ROOM house, 832 Treat aye., near Twen-
ty-second st.
HOUSES TO LET — Furnished.
NICELY furnished cottage of 4 rooms, bath:
cottage rent $16: furniture and carpets for
Bale 1463 O'Farrell st.; apply 10 to 5.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— fox terrier; light-brown patches
over eyes and ears; collar and tag 97. Re-
ward at 764 O" Farrell St.
i LOST— Fox terrier bitch. Return 1312 A Fil-
bert; receive reward. Black head, spot on
back.
MATRIMONIAL.
A— MARRIAGE bureau: estab. 18S7; conflden-
tial; list 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
~~ . MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases: all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
ln her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home: consultation free and
confidential; home treatment. $5; no Instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded by MRS. DR. GYVYER. 510 Eddy
St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to
12. 2 to 4 and 7 to S. Sundays by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel- I
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used; cure at office
$5; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post st bet
Hyde and Larkin: hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. : Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M Davles
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
60- years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall: dellcacv, 'privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free ;confl-
lay: self-cure sent: call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market st.;
Pills. $1: very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores lnstantlv all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients: comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A— DR. G. XV. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free; call or write. 1023*4 Market st.
A nice private home In confinement at the most
reasonable price In the city; infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER, midwife. 2012 Foiaom.
MEDICAL.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical »ci
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her- own physician; n n
matter how long standing; travelers help.,}
at once; safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. $5; restores in 1 day a- |
prevents disgrace: can be sent; consuitatl on
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
DP WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea an.i
i herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Frar."
cisco- all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
■l nese 'herbs over 3000 varieties being uoei-
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. I to j
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 ;,;.;
expressed C O. D. : don't delay until too late
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, CaL
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home.
no instruments; consultation free, confidential .
home treatment. $5. MRS. ALLEN, » V anNew,
A— DR AND MRS. SIENA. 215 - . Mason st. —
Private home in confinement: ladies' friend
In trouble: terms reas.: call and be convinced
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue: $I .per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO.. druggists, 406 Clay, sole agts.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden G_ 1 1
aye.; private home in confinement; bab.tj
adopted into good homes.
DR and Mrs. Wise. HIS Market st.-Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money b*»ck; $o up.
MRS ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny hoi
ln confinement. 156 Second st. tel. Green 52.
DFt WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
ea'ses of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MINING AND ASSAYING^
wanted -Party with $1000 to $1500 to Invest
In fourth interest ln mineral lands °f great
prospective value. Address box 983. call.
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLF-LAN, 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS - back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters ' linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice ' furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth. __________
BARS counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission at.
FOR sale— Fine talking parrot. 1026 1 , Wash-
ington at. '
BOILERS, engines, lathes and planers for
iron; wood planers, 12 In. and 24 In.; hydrau-
lic pump; 2d. .1. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand, also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg.Co.. Stevenson st.
FOR sale YY'heelock upright piano; cheap for
cash. 809 Peralta st., Oakland. __^
BARBER shop fixtures for sale; cheap. Call
at 52 Eighth st.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos; bought, sold. H. S. YVHITE, 516 Mission.
FOR SALE— Fancy store fixtures, glass cases,
counters, etc. 1161 Y'alencia St.. near 23d.
WEBER piano, good condition, $125. 230 Post
street. ____—_—_,
FOR SALE— AI fresh cow. 20 Bonita st., off
Polk, between Vallejo and Green.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
I selling at less than cost. 613 Hearst building.
' BUTCHER shop for sale; good location; good
| trade. Apply Call office. ■
2 NATIONAL Cash Registers; 1 nickel plated
and .other wooden; cheap. 417 Sacramento st.
I GASOLINE engines— h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $123, 3
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 -..sslon.
DRESS pants, $2 95: fine suits, $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st . near Pine.
SAFES — Bargains in new and second-hand, all
| sizes; half original st. 109-111 Market. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED to buy— 2-story building with out-
I ground 75x20. Inquire at 430 Sixth st.
ANTED— A pork sausage or delicatessen
I store. Address Call branch office. 1941 Mission.
I WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to '.''23 Mission st., above
Sixth, telephony South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate. 3d
: and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
' lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
i HIGHLY' respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY' amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
i ON city and country property, chattel mort-
gages, estates, rents, etc. A. M. SPECK &
CO., 667 Market st.
I CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
! out endorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.— Money
'loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
: REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
j etc. Harper & Krelger, 312 Examiner building.
I $50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRY'DEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOrSLF.Y. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MONEY AVANTED.
WANTED— S2SOO on gilt edge security. Box
464.1 Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright Manos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
i ABSOLUTELY' the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 28 and '3o O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. '. .~ \
SPLENDID piano, well made, reliable, fine
tone. $165; money back if unsatisfactory. J-
DEWING CO.. 2d floor. Flood building.
FINK Arion piano, full, rich tone, from stor-
age warerooms. sacrificed this week for $30.
Room 21. Flood building. 4th and Market sts.
HAINES BROS., Baldwin and other standard
make.; second-hand. $100 up; wholesale prices
to aIL YV. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
WANTED— Six square pianos. Call or address
BYRON MAUZ.Y, 308 Post st. _
WEBER piano, good condition. $125. 230 Post
street. -
OUR specialty— Best renting stock in San Fran-
cisco. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
VERT fine YY'eber for sale cheap; uprights less
than $100. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A— sSs; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st
CHEAP Stelnway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st. '
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St. ;.'-- --.'
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES To Let,
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
$60— 1C5 Taylor st.
$50— 485 Y'alencia st., corner Sixteenth.
835—858 Mission st.. near Fifth.
820—328 Montgomery aye.
$22 50— Howard St., near Fifth.
$17—256 First st.
$20—354 Fourth st. I .
$25—1119 Harrison st., corner Langton. -
EMMA SPRECKELS BLDG., 927 Market st.
Offices $12 50 to $20. . -< *■- •"-..-
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone included.
ASHTON & GARDINER. Room 210.
GROCERY corner, 217 Ninth st.; 4 living rooms,
stable; 2 blocks from Market: rent low. Ap-
ply owner, KELLY. 437 Parrott building.
TO let— Corner store, completely furnished for
grocery and barroom; rent $32. Scott and
Sutter sts. '.• .:
$15— STORE; use of fixtures; good for dress-
maker or small business. 353 Fifth st.
STORE for tailor or barber shop; fine location.
5 Taylor st. -
SEY'ENTH, 4S, opposite Postofflce— Store, oc-
cupied as a saloon for IS years; $18.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
ii v&£si. in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones: classes;
office hours, 1 to 8 p. m. ; reading by mail. $1.
PARTNERS WANTED.
FLORIST with first-das^ old-established busi-
ness would like to sell half interest; : .ale or
f-male. Address box 12, Call office.
PERSONALS.
S.— LETTER not received; will be in town to-
S morrow. Monday. I
A GENTLEMAN desiring to marry would like
to put himself In communication with a relia-
ble matrimonial agency. Add. 1 -x 71X. Call.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, an i Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants fcr suits to order, JlO 75; pants. $3 75;
nothing higher. One-price Tailoring Co.. 1C44
St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
TO the Jewish community— Rev, S. Goldstein,
practical mohel, has returned, and resides at
',?■; Fulton St.: your trade solicited.
LEDERBR'S QUINTONICA - Just the tonic the
hair needs to strengthen it: 33e bot.; Lederer's
Foamo Shampoo, 5c package. 121 Stockton st.
LEDERER dresses the hair in the most artis-
tic manner for 23c; this week has a sale of
beautiful combs and hair ornaments, prices
half; switches JL 123 Stockton st.
MME LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
T. BRILLIANT. 335-"!0 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
DR: CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
■ ff.ee. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
WANTED — Board for man and wife, not to
exceed M 5 per month. Box "J36. Call.
ELECTRIC liuhts in every room; Winchester
. : ctel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 7e» rooms:
C~ to Jl 50 |>er night: Jl 50 to J6 per week;
free ius and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
' - I-*. YOSHI TANI. 313 Sutter st.
ER week for lady's suit, jacket or cape,
- .-man's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
■• . .s Co.. 13i'0 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
E Insurance nolicies bought for cash. AY.
-. NICHOLSON. Attorney and Financial
it, International Hotel.
:?■:>— The Equipoise waist has no equal: j
• .;n.rui underwear. OBER'S, 34 Geary st. j
■. LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at j
lesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st. i
TURE. stricture cured: n" knife; no Injec- j
-,: .-..■. ran td. Dr. Gordin. 514 Pine. ab. Krny. j
dies' or gent's clothing, furniture bought. '
- ": -.•='.. Mint 997. JACOBS. l'-3 Folsom st. I
• rder on easy installments. L. I
LEMOS, '; '.'." Mnrket St.. bet. 7th and ISth.
v -. v; • '. gold for manufacng. O. N'olte. i
.•• O'Farrell, bet. I'oweli &: Mason, i
;-r and best in America— The Weekly :
- pages, sent to any address in the ,
i States or Canada one year for Jl. i
, -- .k-e raid. ;
PHYSICIAN* AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence, j
l<Xm Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PS V CHO.M ETRY-
HENRY HARRISON BROWN, psychometrist;
reads character; gives advice from spirit side
of life: heals by laving on hands. 120 A Eddy.
REAL, ESTATE — CITY — For "nii".
GRADED lots, ready for building: m-> further
expenses; ail street work done; sewers in;
close to 2 lines cars: the choicest In Rich-
mond: 2 lots, 2"xl2ei. Twelfth aye., near Clem-
ent, enly Je3sii cash, both go together: 3 luti>.
Tenth aye.. 25x120. n»ar Point Lobos aye., ln
installments. 1700 each.
W. J GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
2 LOTS to buy as an Investment in Rich-
mond; net graded; Si-'th aye.. 25x12e.i. J150: 29th
aye.. 25x120. $125. XV. J. GUNN. 410 Mont-
gomery st.
3 FLATS; bring in 160 month: nearly new;
$>C^"|; this side of Van Ness aye.: a fine in-
vestment for little money; never vacant. W.
J. GUNN. 410 •Montgomery st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
west cf First aye., and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J GUN 414 Montgomery.
A*HTON c£ GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
Yalencta-st. lots: any size; Jl3i per front
foot; fronting on 2 streets.
Twenty-third st.. corner San Jose aye., with
improvements. jr^-M*.
Second and Silver sts.: corner, with Improve-
ments. |67c-<i.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.— I
Valencia st.. bet. Twenty-second and Twenty-
third: lots any size; double frontage.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery St.—
F:fth-st. comer; store and rooms; r*>nts $140
per month: fine bulidlng; price J17.600.
llTe-'i— NEW house: brick foundation: 3 rooms
and bath. SPECK. 667 Marketj-jt^
WANTED— To buy two-story building with
outground 75x20. Inquire 410 Sixth st.
FOR SALE— Seven-Doom modern cottage, lot
eOxIOO. stable and carriage house. 2020 Point
Lobes aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pai»s. sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for tl.
r.o«tac-e ra f d _
HEAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
FINE ranch in Napa County of 320 acres; 40
arr»s in resistant vines; stone reservoir: coop-
erage of 150.000 gallons; engine; house of 7 |
rooms etc.; half cash ejr trade in part for <;iiy
property. ENGLISH ._ MORRISSET 6J)
Market st.
• — — — —
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-3S address THE ]
COTATI CO.. 32 California St.. S. F. 1
;iRESTAPTLAXTB_^
"•"■'EPTFRFELD'S restaurant. coffee and lee
rre=. ni parlor. in?s Market st. : popular pri--".
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
I •' LYANT.T 464. r.ear Third— 2 neatly furnished
hkpg. rms.; private; hot. cold wat.; fold. bed
FIFTH, 35*r__ furnished connecting hous-?keep-
'.:-.? rooms, $13: also 2. J10; ballroom. J5.
FILLMORE. -20SJ near Clay— ll3; 5 clean sunny ]
moms; bath; nice yard and water.
."e :.>"•:,!. C 66 —2 or 3 sunny furnished or unfur-
nlehed rooms; bath; stationary wash-stands.
GEARY. I*l7— Parlor, bedroom, dining room. |
kitchen, bath, toilet, gas, yard, basement.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 404— 3 neatly fur., 2 front, I
with closets; hot, cold wat'-r; gas rangej^ bath. I
GOLDEN GATE, 1050— 2 large sunny well-fur- |
• Ished rooms, gas stove, nee telephone.
HARRISON; 731— Three rooms furnished com-
;'-te for 'housekeeping; large yard;^ rent_Jl4.
HARRISON, 790. cor. Fourth— Front sunny j
- ms, complete for housekeeping.
HOWARD ■fGO^-Front room and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping :
fi 1 CV a RL»~r.6S— Nicely furnished suites and
single complete for housekeeping. JS mo. up.
IVANHOE.TIOO2 Polk, cor. Gear}'— Light, clean,
sunny; fur. hkpg._sultcsj3 to_s r,). Jl,> up: reL
L*AGUNA*I7I4 <St James Apartment House)—
f Furnished and unfurnibhed; light housekeep-
ing; reasonable. _
LARKIN 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; 'furnished complete: gas range; bath.
LEAVENWORTH. 1503. near Jackson— 3 sunny
furnisheel rooms; bath; $10. V
MASON, 31'J— Three or four sunny rooms, one
floor, complete for housekeeping^
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding b^d: closet: $12.
MCALLISTER. 447, corner Van Ness— Nicely
furnished sunny connecting housekpg rooms.
MINNA. 11H : , near Second— Neatly furnished
Singh; and housekeeping room?, SI 25 week up.
NATOMA. iM— Unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, and others.
NINTH 21'— A handsome furnished front room
with kitchen for light housekeeping.
OCTAVIA H-'.is. corner Geary— Sunny bay win-
dow. t~ 60; with kitchen, gas stove. til 50.
O'FARR 551—3 unfurnished rooms to let;
separate entrance: also furnished front room.
-UTTER. 1111. nr. Larkln— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
TAYLOR. 10S— Sunny housekeeping, hot and
cold water, bath; also bay-window.
TURK 132— Sunny back parlor and kitchen
complete for housekeeping: reasonable rent.
TURK, 543 — Sunny bedroom and kitchen; com-
plete'for housekeeping; gas; bath; $3 25 week.
:TY-THIRD, 21618 2 unfurnished bouse-
' keeping rooms, with bath and stationary
washtuba.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3T26, near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms, furnished for housekpg.
VAN NESS aye.. 1021— 2 sunny rooms, all com-
plete; gas; bath; ?14.
WILLOW aye., io. if Larkin st.. near Eddy-
Two furnished housekeeping rooms. 112; no
children.
A WEEKS news for 6 cents— Weekly Call.
18 pages. in wrapper, for mailing, fl per year.
i ROOMS TO LET Furn. and I nfiirn.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate: cars direct.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night: St 23 to |5 per week, and
light housekeeping: open all night.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 119 Taylor, cor. Eddy— Sunny furnished
rooms; catering to the profession; proprietress
retired from the profession.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor fits.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms. SOc to $1 s'j day. MRS. J. KING.
AT New Grand. 246 3d— 200 lst-ciass sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day; 90c to $t wk; also housekeeping.
|
A— SUTTER. 715-717; sunny: reasonable; ap-
preciated if seen; please Investigate.
AT 52 Second, opp. Welis-Fargo's— Nice single,
•double, light housekeeping rooms. $1 up.
CARROLTON. 12(6 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner; well furn. m - & offices.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
j ELLIS. 800- Sunny front rooms, all newly fur-
i Dished.
FOURTH, 12S"_ nr. Mission— management:
newly frnsl and renovated; choice front rms.
GEARY, 14A— Good clean rooms; double beds;
running water; $1 to Jl 50 week.
i GEARY. eios (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
| rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
j GRAND SOUTHERN. SE cor. Seventh and \
Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or single; ;
j ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator.
: HANCOCK House. 7M Mission— Select family i
I rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.; eiev.; free baths.
HOWARD. 963"4— Lovely bay-window room;
quiet, homelike; bath; $2 30.wk.; gents pref.
HOWARD, 1052— Nice sunny front room for $5
a month; also housekeeping room cheap.
I>cn : forget the number.
HYDE. 129— Nicely furnished sunny rooms, sin-
gle nnd double; all conveniences; bat:. reas.
JESSIE. 315 U. near Fourth and Market— Newly
furnished rooms, single and double.
JESSIE, 5C'S — Nice sunny furnished rooms with
a private family.
MARKET. 7S3'_— Neat newly furnished rooms;
central location. $1 to $2 50 per week.
\ MINN 140. nr. Third— 2 neatly furnished
rooms. $1 and Jl 25 week.
i MINNA. 4C3A— 2 single furnished rooms, }; and ,
I _J5 :
! MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay- |
window room. Jl per week: transient.
| MINT aye., 26. nr. Fifth and Market— Newly
furnished rooms, J6 up.
' MISSION, 546. near Fourth— New management;
new furniture; sunny suites and single; reas.
; MISSION. 1320— Single rooms for gentlemen
from $4 up: bath: sunny.
; NICELY new furnished sunny rooms en suite j
■or single: first-class in every respect: quiet ,
J house: for gentleman. C. T. K. box 915, Call.
! NICE sunny flat, 4 rooms and bath; rent cheap.
1705 Jones st.
i NINTH, 72— One nicely furnished sunny front
j room; private family; bat! $6.
I O'FARRELL. 2'^— Sunny furnisheel rooms and
j offices; elevator; electric lights: day. wk., mo. '
I O'FARRELL, 208— Nicely furnished rooms; 2
| sunny front rooms; second flocr: reasonable.
• POLK. I*27— Sunny front rooms, modern con- I
i veniencee, hot water; low rent.
j POWELL, 317. formerly Cosmos Club— Ele- j
ear.i' furnished single rooms: sunny.
j ROYAL House, 126 Eliis St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and j
i ladies' rcarlor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 s'"*: I
week. J2 to $*: month. J> to $30; elevator on |
■ office floor: moms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
! SHERMAN Apartment Hou<e. 2^ Eighth St.,
! near Market— Furnished and unfurnishe.i.
j SIXTH. 2^— Nicely furnished sunny double
rooms; reasonable; also transient.
! SIXTH. 33. nr. Market, Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms: elevator: transient.
ISI XT L; 120— Elegant parlor suite; running
water, bath. etc. : reasonable.
\ SOUTH PARK. 131. nr. Third— 2 neatly furnish-
ed sunny corner rooms; closets: gas: bath.
; THE Piedmont. 119 A Sixth St.. cor. Minna-
Sunny bay-window rooms.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom, cor. 6th— Sunny corner '■
rms.T suites and single: gas; hath; new mangt.
: THIRD. 25. nr. Market— Sunniest rooms In San
Francisco; white lights; extra good beds; chp. c
. THIRD, le-cfi-^— Comfortable rooms from 11 25 to
I $.1 per week.
| TURK. 35— Nicely furnished rooms, single and
j double; reasonable.
' WEBSTER. *13— 4 large sunny rooms; first
I floor; no children.
I CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
I United States or Canada one year for Jl,
postage paid.
ROOMS WAXTED.
] HOUSEKEEPING rooms by competent pianist;
j part payment in lessons. Box 1525, call office.
| WANTED— Unfurnished office, O or $4 a ;
j month. In central: man. Box 94". c.-Ul office.
i SEWING MACHINES \M» SUPPLIES. j
'' $2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 15.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 203 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
! THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives ■
notice that the following orphans and half- :
■ orphans have been received Into the orphan- i
age from January 1 to July 1, 1899: Gertie
Sanchez. 7 years; Lizzie Lang. 12 years 2
months; Winifred Casutt. 8 years 1 month;
Ruth leaae.-s. 2 years; Lilly Isaacs, 2 years; ,
Louisa Greenwood, 4 years * months: Irene
! Greenwood, 2 years 19 months; Matilda Lin- j
c tla. 8 years; Emma Bemoncina, 5 years: Julia
Semonclna. 2 years 10 months; May Welsh.
I 8 years 2 months; Nora Broderick, 8 years;
Marian Gillian. 11 years 3 months; Veronica I
D!ne°n 2 velars 5 months; Mary Cava-, 2
weeks (foundling): Arthur Davies, 4 years 3
months: Harry Gage. 3 years 4 months; Jo-
seph Charley, 2 years 2 months; Nick An-
drews, 3 years 10 months; Luke Andrews, -i
vear«> 1 month: John James. 3 years 1 month;
Frank James. 6 years: Tommy Pine. 3 years;
George Lintia. 6 years; Fred Eaton. 4 years j
! 6 months: Tommy Thomberg. 5 years 3
months: Alexandra Nelson. 5 years; Frank
| Johnson, 4 years 1 month:
| BAD!: tenants ejected for M collections made:
! Aty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery' rt., rooms 9-10: tel. 5-.20. :
I ROOMS papered from $3: whitened ?1 up:
painting done. Hartman V:- ':.• Co.. 319 3d st. ;
CHEAPEST «nd best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the ;
United States or Canada one year for $1. ;
postage paid.
SPIRITUALISM.
JOHN SLATER— CircIe to-night. 8:15; sittings i
daily, l" to 4. IS'D9 Stockton, or. Greenwich.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power :in spiritualist reading, Be up 5 7th.
AT — Frie.idshlp Hall. 335 McAllister St.. to-day,
2 and S p. m.. tests by good mediums. 10c.
MRS ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 1 p. m.;
Mon.. 8; 25c: sittings. Jl. 233 Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly-
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address tn the
United States or Canada one year for fl.
postage raid.
STABLES TO LET.
___"___..
STABLE; Tehama St., near First; reasonable
rent; stalls for 6 horses. A. M. SPECK &
CO., 667 Market st.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission: goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Pout st.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE ft TAYLOR, packing and storage of
turn, A H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one. year for fl.
postage paid
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FINE lot on bay shore.
J22oO— Modern cottage. 5 room." and bath; lot
S2_lM; near High School and depot; terms, JlOO
cash. f2O per month.
$3200— New cottage. 6 rooms and bath; lot 42x
20": onen plumbing, plate glass, etc. ; half block
from station and High School; easy terms.
II ones built to suit purchasers on easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL ft CO.. 1432 Park st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS A.ND HOARD.
HOME fcr ladles In delicate health; larse
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1418 Sth.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 24. 1899.
I BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $-0 down and 35 cents a (fay pays for a
good lot on raved street, near electric cars
and local station; good schools, churches, etc
(but no saloons), handy by; will lend money
i to build a house; now will you be good to
yourself and family and get a home of your
§own instead of paying rent all your life; we
offer choice residence property in ail parts
1 of Berkeley on terms to suit; call in and see
what we have. O. G. MAY ft CO., 2123 Cen-
ter st.. Ber
CHOICE HOME A'!' A SACRIFICE.
Lot worth $600; house can't be built for less
than $1400; sell this brand new. latest style.
thoroughly modern 5-room cottage for only
$1750: terms easy: on Improved street: con-
venient to train and cars: good neighborhood.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorln station.
HAVE " modern houses in course of construc-
tion one block south of the university; two
just Bold; people wishing to locate in that
r locality please call or write M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth st. and Broadway, Oakland.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRITTVALE HEAL ESTATE.
j FOR SALE BY
J. W. ELROD.
i $650— 3-room house, 3 blocks from local sta-
tion: all connected with sewer.
• !130d — New 5-room house; high basement;
thoroughly modern: 2 blocks from station.
$2100 — One of the finest 5-room houses in
j Fruitvale; nice garden ami flowers; convenient
I to the trains; one-half block from Fruitvale
j aye. : see this.
$2500—3 -res of fine vegetable land: a 4-room
house, and barn; a good well of water and
pump; this is a suitable place for raising flow-
' ers for market.
J.SOO— See our fine building lots on Fruitvale
i aye. ; we will build you a house to suit
J. XV. ELROD,
Home Building Co. Office near station.
FRUITVAI E HOUSED!
BEAUTIFUL 4-room cottage; hard-finished;
barn: large chicken house; 10 minutes' ride
from station. 60 minutes from San Francisco;
R per month. SO7 Filbert St., S. F. "
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS."
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
I FOR sale or rent; large water front factory
building; % acre land. 105 Park aye.. East
Oakland.
SNAP— SI2SO cash balance terms to suit; a new
7-room house, bath; 1 block to local; 40-foot
lot; will pay 7 per cent interest on $4000; price
I3siy-. "■■■'M F. TOT'.j» ft ■-■■ ■ . 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
I FOR sale — Furniture of 13-room lodging house;
$150. 7C>O Franklin St.. Oakland.
J AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. Uth and Franklin. Oakland
DIVIDEM? NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend^*oT9s~(socrper
share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company
oij and after Tuesday, August 1. I#:*9. Trans- I
fer books will close on Wednesday, July 25. I
1539. at 3 o'clock D. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
* »e-i^ — — — — — — - — —^-————- — —» — !
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by !
ima will not be Inserted. They must be handed j
j in at either of the publication offices and be j
j indorsed with the name and residence of per- |
i sons authorized to have the same published. j
BORN.
PAWS— In this city. July 19, 1899, to the wife
of William Daws, a son.
NELSON— In this city, July 2". '--• to the
wife of Captain N. P. Nelson, a daughter.
DIED.
Bailey. John Morton, Dr. 11. R. Sr. |
Bert. Julia" Orton, Claudia
Buckley. Robert E. Prentiss, Charles XV. |
* Ford. Ellen Preston. Erwin W.
Friesenhausen. John Reay, Alfred W.
Groizard. Francis Rice. James
Hlldenbrand. Ma r- Rohrs, Friedericka
garet E. Scorgie. William
Jennings. Thomas Sater, Gottlieb
Knorp. John Tallman. Thomas M.
Lane, Daniel Waldi.k. William I ,
rmick, Annie II Welch. Estella J.
M ■ ormick, William
i BAILEY— In c:--.-> City and count; Hospital, ' ,
i July 23. lsS:>. John Bailey, a native of Eng- |
1 land, aged - 1 years.
I BERT In Oakland. July 22. 1899, Julia, wife I
of the laic E. G. Bert St., and beloved mother j ,
of Mrs. Charles Kanman, Mrs. Jacob Strahle, ,
Mrs. William Lewis. Mrs. H. Kent. Mrs. At- .
wood. Mrs. O. Gerzebeck and Frederick. Ed- ;
ward and Charles Bert, aged 7i< years. \
C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
BUCKLEY— In Portland, Or., July 21. 1599.
Robert E., beloved son of Jeremiah and the f
late Hannah M. Buckley, a native of San I
Francisco, aged 2c'i years and 22 days.
s_rThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at S:3" o'clock, from the residence | ;
of bis father. 122. Oak street, thence to St. I
Joseph's Church, Tenth street, between How- j
ard and Folsom. where a solemn requiem I
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his i '
soul, commencing at 3 o'clock. Interment j ,
Holy Cross Cemetery. I ,
. FORD— In Virginia City. Nev. July 23, ISM. ,
Ellen, dearly beloved wjfe of the late John I
i Fort, and loving mother of Mrs. M. F. Joy
and Mrs. Walter Pearson, a native of County
WatTford. Ireland, aged 62 years. c
(CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
FRIESENHAUSEN— In this city, July 23. 1599
John A., beloved son of John and th- late
Mar-. Friesenhausen. and brother of Henry
I and Charles Friesenhausen an.i Mrs. P. l^eon- -
hardt, a native of New York, aged 45 years '
and 'J months.
GROIZARD— this city, July 22. 1899. Fran- ! ,
els Groizard, a native of Jersey, England, ' ,
n^ed SO years.
(ryFripncls and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Monday), i- S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1325 Guerrero street, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem mass ■
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul. ;
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HILDENBRAND— In this city. July 21. 1599.
Margaret Elisabeth Hlldenbrand, a native of j
Germany, aged CS years. •
lU7"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday). at 2 o'clock, from the parlor? of !
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1200 Mission street, near : .
Eighth, Interment private.
JENNINGS— In Fair Oaks, San Mateo County. ; !
("a!.. July 21, 1899, Thomas, beloved husband
of Margaret Jennings, and father of George, ;
Thomas Jr. anil Abigail Jennings and Mrs ! i
Paul F. Kingston, a native of Manahawkln. j '
N. V . aged 70 years. (New irk. New Jer- j j
sey and Philadelphia papers please copy.) | i
£v*Friends are invited to attend the funeral i i
this day (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from \ -
his late residence. 2273 Fifteenth street. !
thence to St. Ignatius Church, Hayes street [ 1
and Van Ness avenue, where a solemn re- i ]
quiem high mass will be celebrated for th"
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. '
Interment private. I lease omit flowers. I ]
KNORP— In the City and County Hospital, j
July 23. 1899, John Knorp, a native of Prut- ' <
sla.' aged 80 years. j '
LANE— In the City and County Hospital. July j £
23, 1*99, Daniel Lane, a native of Ireland, aged ; ,
53 years. '|
M CORMICK July 22. ISM. Annie H., beloved J <
wife of John J. McCormick, and mother of 1 «
Franc J. McCormick, a native of Ireland,
aged 52 years. 1
(TT-The funeral will take place this day ]
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of c
Halste'l & Co., 946 Mission street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, .where services will be l
held at 2 o'clock. interment Holy Cross 2
Cemetery.
McCORMICK— In Stockton, July 23, IS.?. Wii- ]
Ham, beloved son of Ellen and the late P. «
McCormick, and brother of the late Jack and *
Tom McCormick, Mrs. G. Hartley and Mrs.
C. J. Swift, a native of San Francisco, aged _
23 years. *
MORTON- this city, July 22, 1899, at 17148 j
Mason street, Dr. H. R. Morton Sr., beloved c
husband of Lt-tr.e Morton, and father of Wii- i
Ham. Dr. H. R. Jr., John, Meliie. James,
Hesperian and Roch- Morton and Mrs. Louis »
Hamburgher of Chicago, a native of Portu- _
gal, aged 70 years. j
G_"*Friend3 and acquaintances and members
of Hesperian Grove No. 15, U. A. O. D.. and
officers and members of the Grand Grove, are I
respectfully invited to attend the funeral ' i,
to-morrow fTuesday), at 2 o'clock, from r
Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter street.
ORTON— In' this city, July 22, 1599. Claudia r
Orton (nee Ewing), believer- wife 0 Ira D. s
Orton. mother of Helen Ewing Orton, daujrh- 1
ter of Mr. and Mrs. George A. Ewing of lowa 1
City, and sister of Thomas E., George E.. j
Maud and Ellen E. Ewing of lowa City and ?
Mrs. Sherman XV. Searle of Davenport, lowa. A
a native of Indiana, aged 29 years 9 months *
and 1 day.
-r_r Friends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral services *
this day (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at St. Luke's *
Episcopal Church, northeast corner of Van
Ness avenue and Clay street. Interment pri- c
vat". ■
; " == 1 v
hfcNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.. |i
(Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. \
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln ocbioL ■
Telephone South £0. >:
— — ■ i mmaamamm —■_■_■_■«—■—■ mmmmmwaaatm mamaam ■
IMcfIVOY «fc CO.. _
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. _
1235 Market St.. between Sth and 9th. ■
..... Telephone, South 247. ''
icji i ii—icjicjmcmih mice. Miiimim mmicjiwiii 1:
PRENTISS— In this city, July 23. 1599, Charles \
W., beloved son of C M. and R. L. Prentiss.
a native St California, aged 1 year (5 months ,
and 16 days.
PRESTON— In this city, July 23, 1899. Erwin
W. Preston, beloved son of Mrs. H. Brownell. j
and brother of Charles A. and Mac Preston, a !
native of Dixon, 111., aged 23 years 10 months
and 23 days. -' . .:..-■
P.KAY— In this city. July 22, 1599. Alfred W.
Reay, a native of Staffordshire. England, aged ;
. 67 years 11 months and 19 days.
G-fFriends and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock from his late resi-
dence, southeast corner of Turk street and
Van X*ess avenue. Interment Masonic Ceme- ;
tery.
RICE— In this city. July 22. 1899. James, be-
loved husband of Matilda Rice, and brother of j
Mrs. Maggie Downing, a native of Welling-
ton, Del., aged 47 years 11 months and 21 !
days.
ROHRS— this city, July 23. 1599, Friedericka.
beloved wife of Diedrich Rohrs, a native of ■
Breslau, Germany, aged 45 years and 17 days.
E_"Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler, SM Washington
street. Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery,
by carriages. Please omit flowers.
SCORGIE— In the City and County Hospital.
July 23, 1899, William Scorgie, a native of j
Scotland, aged 49 years.
SATER— In this city. July 22. 1899, Gottlieb j
Sater, a native Of Switzerland, aged 34 years
1 month and 2S days.
C_**Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitee' to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street, j
near Fifth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. •
TALLMAX— In this city. July 22, 1899, Thomas |
M. Tallman, beloved father of Harry Tall-
man, a native of Connecticut, aged 74 years.
WALDICK— In this city. July 23. 1899. William, !
beloved chlid of Wllham and Margaretta
Waldlck, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years 3 months and 2.1 days.
WELCH— In this city, July 23, 1899, Estella J., ;
beloved daughter ■■:' James and Lizzie Welch,
sister of Mamie, Irene and Robie Welch, and
■granddaughter of Thomas and El;/. 1 Welch :
of Haywards. a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year and 11 months. I
"C*rFrlends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), .it 11 o'clock, from 204 Ivy avenue. !
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. j
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C A Williams, Chlcgo Mrs J C Tat... Mo
A J Eastmen. Mo Miss M Tate, M i
Mrs M B Martin, Utah Miss J B Wilson. Mo
Miss L .an-. Utah Mrs Adkins, Mo
Z E Buckner, Sa Rosa Mrs Murphy, Mo
E J Johnston, Chicago Mrs Merrill, Mo
Mrs Q Christian, Mo A C Herre. II
Miss Keith. Mo V. A Mendonsa. 11l
Miss Lockard, Mo :.1 W Mann & w. 111
Miss Brown, Mo Mrs L E Neai, 111
Miss Bourdeaux. Mo F Young, Ky
L Hasselbach. Pa H C Wood, Ky
I' Hasselbach. Pa R A Clarkson, Ark
J Crape. Baltimore AY Strong & w, Ohio
ii Kuntze, idlphia Mrs McCoy, Ohio
J McGregor, Riverside Miss McCoy, Ohio
W Dart, San Jose Mrs G A Hughes, Ohio
II N Chittenden, Utah Miss M Hughes, Ohio
P Allen. Selma Mrs Van Vallen, Ohio
Mrs M Piatt. Mo S E Ballard. Sta Rosa
Miss A Forbls, Mo
PALACE HOTEL.
If P Andrews, Dawsn H Munchmeyer, D C
Miss F Suplee, lowa C Reed, Salt L_.ke
Miss E Suplee, lowa i I yon R Paschwitz,
F P Morrison, Cal Washington
Master Morrison, Cal 0 Taigney, Washnetn
M Jameson, Portland Aziz Bey. "Washngton
s H Pinkerton. Utah W Bachelor. Chicago
M C Isaacs Chicago Mrs O J Smith, Reno
H P Dalton, Oakland Mrs J S Fassett, X \*
It A Fowler, Los Ang Miss M Fassett. X V
R W Hill, Los Ang X ■' Fassett. X V
Mrs McPherson, Or Miss M C Field. X V
F Dilly, Ariz | Mrs X B Crocker &
C Durand, Ariz ! md. X V
E'i Miller, V'isalia -W A Doyle. Sn Mateo
I' L Keck, Chicago F Wahlstrom, St Paul
J A Tyler, X X LA Crane. Sta Cruz
J Wurth. Conn V. Keller, Pa
II L Mayer, Chicago Mrs E Keller. Pa
J O Knox. lowa F W Koch, Pa
J 3 Quini.y, X V Mrs F W Koch, Pa
Mrs .1 S Quinbv. X V M C L Kline, Pa
I, X Fritcheli. Denver Mrs M C L Kline. Pa
C ■• Barker, Banning J C Schulte, N V
V M Butler, XV H M Schulte, Chicago
J a Meyers, X V
GRAND HOTEL.
Miss Ii Strothers, Del Mrs J Frankland. Term
Miss L A Yates. Oil [Mrs A B Sax. X V
W i ' Curtis. Del HI. Mayer, Chicago
XV Chicos ft v.-. X* V JO Knox, lowa
A J Hurtoon, Ii i" If' F Porter, Phoenix
Miss M L Greely, Vt iF II Smith. Stockton
Mrs J Stevens 111 E D Eldridge, Stocktn
Miss C X Smith. 11l L II Allen, Mass
A B Williams. Cal Miss s A Green, Mass
It L A McLean, Sacto Mrs J s Jones, Cal
W J Briggs, X V Miss E J Riley. Phila
A Mtchelson, Sacto Miss Calif. Providence
i' T Mathews, Cal Miss Gorson. Provldce
Miss M Ascott, Eng A Wilson, Phila
!' J Marshall & w, Eng W H Lynch, Cal
J R Cowell & w. Cal C A Norton. X D
F D Reeves, Sacto Miss M Daugherty.Mln
W E Starr, Detroit Miss T Daugherty.Min
C H Merkley, Bacto E Stephens, Utah
E O Tuttle, Alameda JII Cobln. Wash
Dr G W Duffrey, Sacto E D Severs. Portland
M Jonas. Oakland J It Thurlsson, Cal
J A Jones. Cal Miss Colchower, Wash
J Gateley, Oakland E L. Harrington. Cal
J Denelp. New York C S Carson. Dawson
F Treckow. Cal Miss A Burton. Sacto
1. M Isaac, Ca! II Schmatx ft w. Wash
II F Isham. Cal J J Hollister, Alaska
E J Pyle. Pasadena I. O < entail. Martinez
Dr W Greenburgh, NM 1' S Fish, Lemoore
'- F Henking & w. Cal; 1 J Mr-;.". Watsonville
Miss S Henking. Cal 'Miss D W Thurl.x-r.Cal
Mrs Kingston. Cal F A Dorn ft w. Cal
Mrs F C Stettler. Ohio Mrs F W Pease, Cal
C L Ennis, Los Ang M A Hornling. Aniadr
Miss Anderson. N I) V McLaughlin. Cal
-.\ A v. oh. Fresno Mrs D W Young, Cal
J Braughton. Butte .1 M Morley, Haywards
R H Dowe. Butte ! T H Langton. Sacto
C V Findlay A- w. Cal F Cos & w. Sacto
i; E Card. I. a Ang H Rummelsburg, Cal
J Barrian Fresno S W Malthy & w. Cal
Mrs c R Bergin, Cal Dr J J Tully, Stocktn
Pr !'■ B Con Fresno J D Ludwlg; Mariposa I
Miss E L Badger. 11l P A Ben-son, Chicago
C Scheever ft w. L Ar.g Mrs It B Eastman. 11l
XV C Stevenson. Mo Miss A M Moore, 111
E H Qulmby. Mo I
E B Root & w, Le Ang
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
i Frederick W. and Mary Selbel to Gugllelmo
! Galls, lot on E line of Polk street, 51:4 N of
{ Union, N 21:4 by X 100: $10.
Maud Townsend to Eugene J. Bates, lot on
N line of Fell street. 31:3 E of Clayton. E 25
by N 0; lii"'. .-. -.•-"-.■
Cheater and Frank Rowel! and Imogen.- Eld
ridge i R.< well) to J. H. Meredith, "Western
Addition lot 800, bounded by First avenue and
Washington, Cherry and Jackson streets, quit- j
claim deed; $ .
German Savings and Loan Society to Isaac ;
Anderson, lot on E line of Fierce street. 90 S
of Waller. S 26 by E 91:3, lot 8, block 2, Marlon
tract IH< Boital lot): $1".
Mary E. and Charles 11. Rogers to E. A.
Pouthitt, lot on E corner of Tenth an.i Fol
som streets, SE M by NE 55: Jl.
E. A. Douthltt to Charles H. Rogers, same;
: 11.
Anthony Quill to Gustave Peterson, 'lot on
NE corner of Twenty-sixth and Alabama
streets, E 50 by X' 100; also lot on N line of;
Twenty-fourth street. 30*. W of Noe. W 25 by
X 114; also lot on E line of Fifteenth avenue,
18S S of A street, S 96 by E 127:6; also lot on
SW corner of Twenty-sixth and Alabama i
streets. S 60 by XV 100; HO.
F. B. and Cora B. Norton to Annie C Tel
ler, lot en N line of Twenty-second street, 260
E of Xoe, E 25 by N 114: JlO.
Philip S. Teller to same, lot on N line of
Twenty-second street. 12.7 E of Sue. E 25 by N"
114; $10.
Anthony Quill to Gustave Petersen, undivided
quarter of lot on NW corner of Lombard and
Wlnthrop streets. N 90:5%, W 91:£, S 21:8%, E
61:1, S 6*:&. E 40:7; $10.
Same to same, lot on E line of Vermont
street. 109 8 of Sierra, S 25 by E 100; also lot on
F. line of Wis.- main street. 64 N of Sierra, X
50 by F. 100; also lot on E line of De Haro
street, 200 6 of Nevada, 8 40 by F. 100; tin.
Frederick W. Multner to Carrie R. Multner.
lot on F. line of Eleventh avenue. 325 X" of
Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by E 120, warranty
deed; Jl.
Robert XV. and Mary E. Tanslll to Owen Mc- j
Hugh lot on W line of Seventeenth avenue, !
22.-. S of C street, S 15 by XV 240; Jl').
Same to Edmond Kenny, lot on E line of |
Eighteenth avenue. 150 S of C street. S 25 by
E 120; also lot on E line of Eighteenth avenue. j
175 S of C street. S 23 by E 120; HO.
Albert M. and Elizabeth A. Whittle to !
■Charles Musante, tot on S line of X street, 32:6 j
E of Eleventh avenue, E 23 by S 100: $10.
Peter J. Meegan to Edward and Margaret M
Devlin, lot on E line of Treat avenue. 270 8
of Preclta avenue. S 30 by E 110, Pre'.-lta Val
ley lands; $10.
Emma M. Burr (Lord) and Richard P. Burr
to C August Weihe. lot on NE line of Twenty
sixth avenue, 75 NW of J street. NW 75 by NE
100, lot 13, block 433, Pay View Homestead; $10.
Alameda County.
Flora B. MacDermot to Mary T. Lanjrstrnth.
lot 7. block XV, revised map Oakland Height-,
Oakland: $10. •-•"/-- ■:*■'"_
Mar)' B. and D. E. Fortln to Sarah A. Hen
neberry lot on N line of Elm or Twenty-fourth
street. $00 W of Telegraph avenue, TV 30 by X
113 being lot 43. block O. Keisey Tract. Oak
land: $10.
J T. I). Hansen to Luella Heeseman, lot on
\"W corner of East and Forty-seventh streets,
XV 90 by N 100. being lots 19 and 20. block 2116.
Alden Tract at Temescal, Oakland: $10.
Abrilda and George W. Lynde to A. C. Beck,
lot on 9 line of Tenth street. 100 E of Castro, |
thence along Tenth street 23, S 100. W 25, X* I
100 to beginning, lot 10, block 114. Oakland: $10 I
Kate B. Rowe to Ernest S. Angel, lot on SE :
corner of Twenty-ninth street (or Alden
avenue) and San Pablo avenue, E 100:8. - 70,
W 2:ll 1~.l ~. N 22:7, W 73. X 32:7 to beginning, i
being portion of lot 1, block A. Whltcher and j
Brockhurat Tract. Oakland: $10.
Ernest S. Angel to J. R. Gates, same: $10.
Charles T. and Nora Hannon to Albert S. !
Woodbridge, lot on SE corner of Lincoln !
avenue and Spruce street, S 4" by E 132, be- |
ing the N 40 feet of lots 1. 2 and 3. block G,
Clinton Mound Tract, East Oakland: $5.
Patrick O'Connell to Hanora O'Connell, lot
beginning at a point distant 593 feet N from
XW corner of Rose Garland way (or Evoy
avenue) and Lusk street. N Go by XV 141. being
lots 36 and 37, Map of White House Plat, Oak
land; gift. _
REMINISCENCES OF
SECRETARY ALGER
Speaks Freely of His
Official Acts.
— • —
SENDING HOME OF PRISONERS
■ — ♦ —
CLAIMS A SAVING OF EXPENSE
TO THE COUNTRY.
. ♦-
Moreover. He Says It Was an Effect
ive Inducement to the Span
iards to Lay Down Their
Arms.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 2-3.— Secretary
Alger has always felt a pride in the
success with which the War Department
met the tremendous problem thrust upon
it by the necessity with which it was
suddenly confronted during the war with
Spain of suddenly disposing of the thou
sands of Spanish prisoners captured in
Santiago province. The history of that
time has not been fully told and it re
mained for Secretary Alger to-day to sup
ply the need by the following bit of
reminiscence: .-■'-■■■"• -
"On the night of July 9. 1898, the Presi
dent asked me what in my judgment we
should do with the Spanish prisoners of
Santiago after their capture. The matter
had received very much thought from the
President and myself, but no definite con
clusion had been reached. 1 then sug
-•-■; to the President that Galveston,
Texas, would be the best place in the
United States where we could send them;
that it was away from the coast line
travel; a good harbor; that there would
be plenty of room for camping them, and
that its climate would be as nearly sim
ilar to that of Santiago as we could prob
ably select. ,
"This seemed to meet his approval, as
11 was only a question of time, of course
when their capture would be effected. I
went to my home, as nearly as I can re
member, about 2 o'clock in the morning,
and being too tired to sleep I lay awake
for a while/but finally dozed off. I woke
at daybreak and my first thought was
concerning the Spanish prisoners, and the
new idea came into my head, '\\ hy not
send them back to Spain?' This thought
80 deeply Impressed me that I formulated
my plan, and on the morning of July 10,
instead of going to the department direct,
1 went to the White House and laid the
new plan before the President, saying
that It would be an unprecedented pro
cedure and a most gracious act. that to
transport the prisoners to Galveston
would be half the distance; that we should
have to clothe, shelter, guard and feed
them there, and no doubt have to ship
them bach to Spain in the end. I also
stated that I believed that it would be a
great inducement to the Spaniards to sur
render, which General Shafter afterward
assured me was the effect. The President
readily approved the plan, and on the
same day 1 cabled General Shafter as
follows:
'• 'War Department. July 10. 1898.
'• 'General Shafter. Playa del Este, San
tiago. Cuba: ■ Should the Spaniards sur
render unconditionally and wish to return
to Spain they will be sent back direct
at the expense of the United States Gov
ernment. R. A. ALGER,
" 'Secretary of War.
"Upon receiving this on the Uth of July
General Shafter sent the following com
munication to the commander-in-chief of
the Spanish forces:
'* -Headquarters of Fifth Army Corps,
Camp near Santiago de Cuba, July 11,
1898.— Sir: With the largely increased
forces which have come to me. and the
fact that I have your line of retreat .-■•
curely In mv hands, the time seems litting
that I should again demand of your Ex
cellency the surrender of Santiago and of
your Excellency's army. I am authoried
to state that should your Excellency so
desire, the Government of the United
States will transport the entire command
of your Excellency to Spain.
■•■l have the honor to De, very respect
fully, your obedient servant,
•"WILLIAM R. SHAFTER.
•■ 'Major General commanding.'
"To which the commander replied:
" 'Santiago de Cuba. July 11, 1898.— Sir:
I have the honor to advise your Excellency
that your communication of this date is
received, and in reply desire to confirm
that which I said In my former communi
cation; also to advise you that 1 have
communicated your proposition to the
general-in-chief. Reiterating my senti
ments. 1 am, your respectful servant,
JOSE LORAL,
" 'Commander-in-chief Fourth Corps and
Military Governor of Santiago.'
"Immediately upon the surrender steps
were taken to carry out the pledges of
the United States Government shipment
of Spaniards home. The Quartermaster i
Department immediately advertised for
bids to transport the prisoners to Spain,
■with the result that eight of the ocean
transportation companies submitted a
combined bid, which was for officers ?H0
and for enlisted men $33 per capita,
steamers to be dispatched from Santiago
de Cuba within forty-eight hours of their
reported arrival, or demurrage to be paid
at the rate of 60 cents per capita pel day;
same demurrage to be paid If steamers
be detained at place of debarkation by
quarantine or other cause. The Spanish
Transatlantic Company's bid was fro per
capita for officers and 120 for enlisted
men, with no demurrage. The Spanish
company's offer was accepted, the rations
for the" prisoners were inspected by a
United States Government official, and
this Government paid for the transporta
tion of all the prisoners $613,860. The same
number carried by the other companies
under their hid would have cost the Gov
ernment $1,312,915. Here was (800,000 saved
to the United States and probably as
much more in demurrage.
;*S«-rre days after the contract was
awarded the President said to me as I
entered the Cabinet room: 'Mr. Secre
tary, would you like to hear something
favorable to you printed in the New York
Times?' and went on to read the editorial
comment complimentary to the man
whose mind originated the plan of trans
porting the Spaniards back to Spain."
MANY STEAMERS FOR SALE.
' Unsuccessful Gold-Seekers Trying to
Dispose of Craft.
SEATTLE. July Late arrivals from
; St. Michael. Alaska, report that there are
; at St. Michael about forty small river
steamers for sale. They are the property
■ of unsuccessful prospecting parties that
i wintered on the Koyukuk and other
i branches of the Yukon. In many in-
I stances their owners depend on their sale
j to secure means to obtain transportation
i home. The steamers are for sale at any
price, but there is no demand for them
and none have thus far been reported
! sold.
Several vessels are reported aground on
| the Koyukuk River. They will not be
able to get away before the river rises.
A list of their names is not obtainable.
____________________
A SUCCESSFUL PICNIC.
San Francisco Fiauen Verein at Shell
Mound Park.
The twentieth annual outing of the San
Francisco Frauen Verein at Shell MounJ
Park yesterday drew a large crowd of
pleasure seekers to the picnic grounds,
and was a grand success. ; ; V;
The verein is a charitable organization,
composed of three hundred German ladies,
who devote themselves to the alleviation
of unfortunate people in distress. There
is llCui*) in the treasury, and much good
is being accomplished.
More than a thousand people gathered
1 at the pleasure grounds and immediately
proceeded to enjoy the various amuse
i ments provided. The wheel of fortune
I distributed many prizes to lucky winners,
! ard dancing in the big pavilion was mi
i dulged in by nearly all the guests present.
Tne committee of arrangements, to
which the success of the outing is due,
consisted of the following members: Mrs.
Anna Smale, Mrs. Louise Gall, Mrs. Anna
Maas.
Floor manager, Frederick Mayer; as
sistant floor manager, George Suhr, as
sisted by William Frahm and August
Mayer.
Following are the officers of the verein:
President, Mrs. F. Suhr: vice president,
Mrs. R. Rommel; recording secretary,
Mrs. A. Maas; financial secretary, Mrs.
, A. Wrede; treasurer, Mrs. J. Marks.
A WATER-FRONT
ECHO OF THE
FRENCH BALL
George Piggott Takes
Morphine.
LOST A WIFE AT THE CHUTES
— —
SAYS HE DOESN'T CARE IF SHE
NEVER COMES BACK.
♦
Attaches of the Harbor Hospital
Have a Busy Day Patching Up
People — lowa Again in
the Bay,
George Piggott was taken yesterday
morning to the Harbor Receiving Hospi
tal in an unconscious condition, as the re
sult of an overdose of morphine taken
with suicidal intent. After his stomach
had been sluiced out he regained con
sciousness and made the walls vibrate
with another echo of the recent French
ball.
Piggott is the husband of that Grace
Piggott who came into prominence in
March a year ago, at which time she and
another girl. Lena Carillo, attempted to
commit suicide by jumping into the bay
from the steamer Piedmont. Both girls
were rescued. Because Grace Piggott de
serted him George Piggott took morphine.
"Gracie and I went to the French ball
together," he told Dr. Rice, "and we bad
a splendid time of it until I was over
come and lost her. I haven't seen her
since then, and heard this morning that
she had given me up for good. That was
too much for me to stand, so I got my
friend, Tom Cassidy. to get me 10 cents'
worth of morphine, and I swallowed it all.
When I began to go to sleep they ran me
down here, and that's all I know. I don't
care if Gracie never comes back."
J. McCarty of 13% Harriet street was an
other caller at the hospital. He will know
better after this than to interfere with
two drunken sailors when th- " are fight
ing. He tried to separate the men. and
got his little finger badly bitten for his
pains.
E. Salinger was another victim who had
to go yesterday to the water front for as
sistance. He lives at 7 St. Charles place.
While carrying a lamp from one room to
another he slipped and fell. The lamp ex
ploded and burned him severely about the
wrists and hands. His left wrist was
sprained in the fall. Dr. Dorr fixed up
his wounds.
The battleship lowa arrived from Puget
Sound yesterday. She has been on the
Port Orchard drydock, and looks as spick
and span as the day she was launched.
She was thrown open to the public dur
ing the afternoon, and a big crowd went
aboard in Peterson's launches. The lowa
will take her ammunition and supplies
aboard at once, and will then go for a
cruise to Central America.
The transport Tartar will not get away
until this morning. She was to have gone
Saturday night; then she was to have
sailed yesterday morning: but the troops
who are to go on her had not arrived, so
her sailing date was again postponed. As
soon as she sails the transnort Indiana,
now coaling at Howard-street wharf, will
take her place. She will be got away for
Manila as quickly as possible.
READ THE GOSPEL
IN THE HEAVENS
...
"The Gospel in the Heavens" was the
j subject of Dr. Charles Edward Locke's
| sermon last night at the Central Metho
; dist Episcopal Church. Dr. I. eke gave as
j an illustration many of the marvelous
• facts known to students of astronomy. In
I referring to the sun he said that if it were
j hollow there could be tumbled into it 352,
--000 globes like our earth: that it was SOO.
--000 times denser than its system, and
j hence was the center of gravity. He re
i ferred to the eight planets of the sun,
I and said that Neptune was the farthest
1 distant, 25,000,000 of miles. The fixed stars
were also described as suns, and as being
distant from the earth not less than 100,000
times 190,000,000 of miles. He said the ■
polar star was equal to eighty-six of our j
suns; that the milky way was composed
of suns, each of which had a planetary
system like our own sun. Having called
attention to these and many other astro- j
nomical truths. Dr. Locke said:
Does some one say this is not the gospel?
Ah! tell me where are there such illustrations
of the majesty and knowledge and power and
perfection of the Great Father? Truly "Great
and marvelous are thy works. Lord God Al
mighty.'' Every glistening orb in yonder
heavens is an eloquent preacher of righteous
ness, "day unto day uttering speech and night
showing knowledge." Who can remain ir
reverent or atheistic in such a presence?
ELOQUENT SERMON
BY BISHOP GAINES
Bishop \V. J. Games, D.D., of Atlanta. ;
Ga., preached the sermon last evening at!
Bethel African M. E. Church, taking for |
his text: "There shall come a star out of !
Jacob, and a scepter shall rise out of Is- j
rael." He said in part:
Jesus Christ came as a star in the moral
night of this world to banish the spiritual dark
ness which enveloped the minds and souls of
men. He was a star in the night or" sin. for
the world was black with sin when Christ came
out of Jacob. If you were asked to-day which
is the greatest kingdom In the world you would
answer that of Jesus Christ, who wields a
scepter that is mightier than any ever held by
mortal man. Be faithful to your King. Be
Christian by practice; live up to the holy tenets
of the church and God will give you rest.
After his sermon Bishop Games made
an earnest appeal to the congregation, j
among* whom were many white people, for j
assistance in lifting the debt of the i
church, amounting to $6500. He remarked
that white people had given $45,000,000 to
the cause of religion and education in the
South, and he himself had raised $500,000
during his ministerial career. Bishop
Games will preach this morning at 11 i
o'clock in the Young Men's Christian As
sociation auditorium.
REV. FATHER WOODS
ON THE VIRTUE OF HOPE
Rev. Father Woods delivered the sev
enth Of his series of discourses prepara
tory to the consecration of the twentieth
century to Christ at St. Ignatius Church
last night. He took for his theme "Th*
Virtue of Hope in the Promises of God,"
and he said in part:
Men are prone to place small hope in the
promises of God. but we should rely on his |
keeping them without fall. Men and women I
of the world set very little score on what
Christ in his infinite generosity has agreed to j
do. He has premised us heaven, and If we
seek his grace we shall surely attain it. There j
is no prospect whatever for the world If we '<
renounce supernatural revelation, for It looks
as if the devil in that case would triumph and
that God is losing. It is important that we !
should avoid evil and do good, In order to
prepare ourselves to consecrate the approach- ;
ing century to the Lord Jesus Christ. Let us
by a devotion to the Sacred Heart instill in \
ourselves a spirit of hope. Let us believe in I
the supernatural virtue of hope and rest as- ;
sured that God will accomplish everything !
he has promised us for our salvation. Let
us co-operate with Christ in order, that his
glory may be proclaimed throughout the world. '
REV. WILLIAM RADER
SCORES SPIRITUALISM
Rev. William Rader discussed the sub
ject of "Spiritualism" at the Third Con
gregational Church last evening. He said
among other things:
There is a distinct revival of spiritualism at
the present time in the United States. It dates
back to IMS, when the Fox sisters discovered
a eposslble communication with the departed
through a system of "rapping*. " One who
was Identified with the Fox sisters has just
published an article In which a confession la
made of their fraudulent methods. To-day our
cities are filled with trance mediums and clair
voyants, who for a "consideration" connect
you with eternity. Hypnotism. mesmerism,
telepathy, palmistry increase the enthusiasm
in the mysteries of spirit intercourse. The
rapid spread of this cult is due to- extreme
materialism. Spiritualism has been summoned
to the bar of science and has been found want
ing. I believe that spiritualism produces an
unhealthy mental and spiritual condition, The r »
is no short cut to eternity and nobody has a
private telephone to the dead. Spiritualism
has brought nothing back from the other world
worth learning. Xo problem has been solved,
no sorrow assuaged. I know of no spiritualist
who Is an active Christian church worker.
A SERMON BY
AN EVANGELIST
Evangelist H. A. Ironside preached last
night in the hall on City Hall square, tak
ing his text from Jude, eleventh verse:
"Woe unto them, for they have gone in
the way of Cain, and ran greedily after
the error of Balaam for reward, and per
ished in the gainsaying of Core." He said:
said: .
There are three classes represented her- 1 In
Cain we have the man who In the matter of
salvation deliberately set aside the blood of
Christ and thinks to approach God In a way ■-'
his own. relying on the works of his own
hands. Some centuries ago the church set out
to convert the world, but it ended by the world
ail but converting the church.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRAXCISCO, July 22. 3 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Stations— Deg. : Station's— Deg.
Fresno 104 San Diego *5
Los Angelas 74 Sacramento WO
Red Bluff 104 Independence "'
i San Luis Obispo 76 Yuma 10"-
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
i 62; minimum, 52; mean, 77.
! WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is clear over the Pacific slope,
I except partly cloudy ln Northern Arizona and
on the Washington coast. Light rain has fallen
In the mountains of Arizona during the .lay.
The pressure has fallen over the entire Pa
cific slope.
The temrerature has risen in all sections.
! except along the immediate coast, where then*
i has been a slight fall. The temperature in the
Interior valleys of California will approximate
100 degrees.
Conditions are favorable for fair and season
' able weather throughout the Pacific slope.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
i hours ending midnight. July 21. 1899:
Northern California — Fair Monday: light
variable winds in the interior, fresh westerly
I wind on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Monday; warmer
. in southeast portion: fresh west wind.
Nevada— Fair, warmer Monday.
T'tah— Fair, warmer Monday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Monday. probably
■ with light showers and thunderstorms in the
] mountains of the north portion; warmer near
: Yuma.
San Francisco a -.' vicinity— Fair Monday:
I fresh west wind in the afternoon.
G. H. W_t__SON,
Local Forecast Official.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ! From. I Due.
Fulton Portland 'July 24
Blam (Nanalmo July 24
State California i Portland July 24
Crescent City.. Crescent City ! July 24
North Fork 'Humboldt July 24
TVeeott (Humboldt July 24
Areata (Coos Bay July 24
Willamette .... battle July 24
Aloha (Point Arena July 25
Cocs Bay 'Newport .July 2-5
Bertha St Michael July 25
Chas Nelson... 'St. Michael (July 25
T'matllta iv'rtorln * Paget Sound M
Pomona 'Humboldt IJuly 28
Corona 'San Diego 'July 27
Cznrtna '■•:.-•«• ■•-■' '.T-ilv TS
Wellington (Departure Bay July 23
una Sydney ! July ■■>
Point Arena... Point Arena (July 28
City of Peking. iChlna and Japan July 2*
Columbia 'Portland July 2'»
Bonlta 'Newport July 29
Curacao .(Mexico July 25
Coqullle River. .(Grays Harbor "July SO
Gaelic 'China and Japan 'July 30
City of Sydney. Panama 'July 30
City of Puebla (Victoria & Pttget Round! Jul--- 31
, Due.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Sunol (Grays Harbor' July 24, 4 Pier 11
Pt Arena..' Point Arena. . July 24. 2 pmiPier .'
TVeeott ....(Humboldt July 25. 2 pm!Pler 13
Santa Rosa San Diego 'July 25, 11 am Pier 11
TVHlia Wall'Vlr » Prt Sd. " ; v "". 11 »m , B«r ">
Fulton (Humboldt (July 2*. 1" ami Pier 20
Australia Honolulu ruly M. 2 pmiPier i
Areata Coos Bay July 26. in amPi ■-- '1
America If. (China AJapai 2«. I pmIPMSS
Aloha ,'Point Arena.. July 27. 3 Pier 2
State of Cal: Portland July -.7. 10 ami Pier 2«
<>>os Bay... 'Newport .Tu'v ?7, 9 nm't'ifr 11
Colon Panama 'July 28. 1 PMSS
Corona Sat-. Diego. 'July 29. 11 am Pier 11
Umatilla . . I Vl<j A Pet Sd.'.luly 30. 10 am I Pier 0
Columbia ■■ 'Portland . . !Aii~. 1. 10 am' Pier 24
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast arc! Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low wat?rs occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
tuenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the «r>ne at both places
MONDAY, JULY 24.
Sun rises 5:0?
Sun sets :...7:26
Moon rises 8:8 p. m.
a Tlme| [Time Time Ttm»
2. I i Ft. I ! Ft. I 1 Ft. ■ 1 Ft.
■■» L, TV HTV !!_, W| IH W|
I ! 1 1 1 1 1 !
'4 ...I 6-211— 0.5! 1:161 5.4! 6:291 2.0! !
H TV . L W H W L TV'
'5 .. 0:341 5.9 7:01— 0.4! 1:551 5.5 7:26 1.1
M ' : 1-301 5.51 7:4.11 0.2! 2:341 5.6! «:»| 1.5
•7 ".1 l:M 4.91 8:321 0.81 3:14! 6.71 9:31 1.2
'8 '..I 8:38 4.4! 9:13 1.4 4:10! '.« : 10:40! 0.9
«> '..I 4:581 4,0! i0:ort! 2.0! 4:."1! s. si 11:321 0.5
;0 ...j 6:2*5! 3. Si 11:05! 2.5J 5:46' 5.9' I
NOTE In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th*.
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tld*
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The height*
given are additions to the soundings on the*
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts The plane of
re'srerco Is the trie-*! Nt th* lower low —alar,.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. July 23.
Stmr State of California, Goodall, —- hours
from Portland, via Astoria.
Stmr Novo, Johnson, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg. ■.-"-'- -.-'".-.:-
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. 74 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 62 hours from
San Diego, etc.
Stmr Gipsy, I.eland, 26 hours from M --
Landing.
C S stmr lowa, Terry. 3 days from Seattle.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, C' 2 days from
Comox.
Schr C F Sargent. Haskell, 10 days from
Seattle.
Schr Mary C Madsen, 9 hours from Fort
Ross.
SAILED.
Sunday. July tt.
Stmr Cleveland, Kiitgaard, Seattle.
Stmr Bonita. Nlcolson. San Diego.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Scotia. Strom. .
Stmr Sequoia. Thwing. Fort Brags.
Bark Germania. Pearson, Seattle.
Bktn Irmgard. Schmidt. Honolulu.
Schr Eva. Ramesllua, Hana.
Schr Archie and Fontie. Johannsen, .
Schr H C Wright. Olsen. .
Schr Mary Buhne. Kalb. Eureka.
Schr Albion. Goodmanson.. .
Schr Emma Claudina. Nielsen, Tacoma.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 13. 10 p m—Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA—Sailed July 22—Ship Louis Walsh.
for San Francisco: schr J B Leede, for San
Pedro.
Arrived July 21—Stmr Czarina, from Seattle;
stmr City of Tooeka. from Seattle.
SEATTLE— Sailed July i3-Stmr Brunswick,
for San Francisco: stmr Signal, for Astoria.
Arrived July 22---Br ship Star of Russia, from
Honolulu: stmr City of Puebla, hence July 2- :
stmr Humboldt, from IV ea.
PORT TWXSEXD — Sailed July 23—Bark
Guy C i;. ss. Taku; bark Prussia, for San
Francisco; shin Louis Walsh, for San Fran
cisco; schr J B L •■■'.- for San Pedro.
Arrived July 23— Bark Big Bonanza, from
Vladivostok. •
SAX PEDRO— July 23—Schr Defender,
from Port Blakeley.
Sailed July 20—Schr Sadie, for I'mpqua. July
21—Stmr Pasadena, for. Eureka: schr Louise,
for L'mpqua. '__ , _ _
COOS BAY—Sailed July 22—schr Five Broth
ers, for San Francisco.
ST MICHAEL— Sailed July 12-Stmr National
City, for Seattle. -.. ' ,
FORT BRAGG—Arrived July 23—Stmr Rival,
from
FOREIGN PORTS.
SANTA ROSALlA—Arrived July It—Schr Jo
seph Russ, hence June 2S.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BREMEN—Arrived July Stmr Bremen,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— July 23—Stmr Etru
ria. from Liverpool, for New York. ■■■- ■-.-• n; -'"--".'.'
DOVER—Passed July 23 —Stmr Friederlch dcs
Grosse. from Bremen, for Southampton and
New- York.
LIZARDPassed July 2::—stmr La Norman
die, from New York, for Havre.
NEW YORK—Arrived July 23— Stmr La Gas
cogne. from Havre; stmr Mesaba, from London.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived July 23—Stmr
pennland. from Liverpool.
BOSTON—Arrived July 23—Stmr Catalonia.
from Liverpool-
910
GOLD HUNTERS
OF BOSTON NAD
A REAL HOODOO
That Unlucky No. 13
Did It All.
— • —
SHIP LOST.MINERSSCATTERED
— « —
BRIG HARRIET G IS LOADING
FOR NEW BRITAIN.
— —
Mate of the Topgallant Minus Legs
From the Knees Down Goes
Aloft Like the Best
Sailor Afloat.
There was a remarkable coincidence
yesterday on the water front. Three ves
sels that came here from the East with
gold hunters during the rush to the Klon
dike were all heard from at once, the
i ewe from one bringing up the other two
and Incidentally the whole fleet.
The schooner Rube L. Richardson, that
arrived here from Boston August 1. 1898,
was the first to be heard from. After
Ing provisioned here she sailed for
trrrection Bay with her crew of gold
hunters, but misfortune followed both
crew and vessel. The crew found no gold
and the vessel Is buried under tons of
sand in Cooks Inlet. During the storms
of last winter she was driven on a bar,
and succeeding gales piled the sand
around and over her until now nothing
but her masts can be seen. The news that
came from Cooks Inlet yesterday Is to
the effect that she is practically burieu,
and the schooner that cost the gold hunt
ers (10,000 in Boston was sold to a Cap
tain Newport for $100.
The number 13 played a very im
portant part ln the affairs of the Rube L.
Richardson and her crew. On August 2,
1898, The Call, in Its account of the ar
rival of the schooner, said:
That unlucky number 13— it had no terrors
for the members of the Commonwealth Mining
Company of Boston. It incorporated on the
13th, bought a schooner 13 years old, started for
the Klondike on the 13th of the month. During
the voyage they killed 13 albatross, caught 13
bonita, but the thirteenth member of the party
never reached San Francisco. Nine days .cut
from BOeton he was washed overboard during
_ sale and his companions could do nothing
toward paving him. One moment they saw him
on the crest of a wave and the next he was
gone. Still they are full of hope and every
man of them expects to make a fortune in the
frozen north.
Whether the number 13 has still
no terrors for them is hard to say, as
there are none of them here to answer.
Some are dead, some are still chasing that
will o" the wisp, fortune, arid all of the
living are broke.
The brig Harriet G also came here with
gold hunters, but her passengers scat
tered soon after the vessel anchored off i
Meiggs wharf. Since then the vessel has'
been in the coasting trade. Now. how- 1
ever, she is loading at Hathaways wharf
for New Britain direct; the first vessel
that has ever cleared from San Fran
cisco for that island. Neu Pommeru. or
New Britain, is part of the German New
Guinea possessions, and is very sparsely
settled. A German trading station is to
be established there and the Harriet G is
taking down the lumber and supplies for
the place. She came here from Grays
Harbor and discharged last week 40.000
feet of lumber. A good deal of this was
taken out of the hold, and in the vacant
space .dl the merchandise will be stowed. !
Ihe hatches will then be battened down |
and a deckload of lumber taken aboard.
From New Britain the Harriet d will go !
to Australia and there load coal for Sen
Francisco.
From the Harriet <; it is only a step to
the California drydock, and there the
bark Topgallant is being sheathed and
painted, The vessel is in charge of the
mate, as Captain Hans .1. Lunwaldt Is
away on his honeymoon. Last Wednesday
Captain Hans asked for a holiday and
without saying a word to his host of
friends on the water front quietly slipped
away and got married to Miss Louise
Gelmini.
The mate of the- Topgallant is the man
that completes the trio of gold hunters,
and not Captain Lundwaldt. Mate Nich
olson came hero as chief officer of the
schooner Mildred E. She also came from
Boston and carried a party of gold hunt
ers. After arriving here on September 1,
IS9S, the party broke up and some of them
went to the Klondike via Puget Sound
and some- via St. Michael. The majority
of them are now back in Boston, poorer
than they were a year ago, but the mate
is still lure.
Nicholson Is th.- most remarkable man j
that ever went before the mast to earn
a living. Both his legs are gone from a .
little below the knees, and yet he can
climb the mast and take a reef In a sail
with the best sailor afloat. He is a first
class navigator, and a better seaman
never trod the quarter deck. He has cork
legs and feet, and. although he walks a
little stiff, no one would ever know if not
told that there was anything the matter.
When a lad of 12 Nicholson was caught !
in a disaster that resulted in the amputa
tion of both limbs below the knees. He i
had been brought up on the sea and did
not know where to earn a living if not
on shipboard. The captain of the schooner
William Park took him with him as cabin
boy, and during his spare moments taught
him navigation. As he got older the boy
went before the mast and soon could take j
his trie i: a- the wheel and go aloft with |
the best of them. When the Mildred E I
was fitted out to bring gold hunters to
California the party wanted a navigator,
and Nicholson was engaged. Some terrible
weather was encountered during the voy
age, but th.- schooner pulled through, and,
finally, after .■. passage of 175 days from
Boston, San Francisco was reached.
The Topgallant on the drydock towers
away up into the air, and it takes three
■adders spliced together to reach from the
Boor of the dock to the vessel's bulwarks.
Yet the mate with his wooden legs went
up these swaying ladders as quickly as
a man with sound limbs could walk the
same distance on lev* l ground.
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
It Begins at the Tivoli a Week From
To-Night..
A number of famous opera singers from
Europe and the East arrived in the city
last evening from New Stork; and they,
with many others, are to make their ap
pearance at the Tlvoll opera-house next
Monday evening, when the grand opera
season of the theater will begin. Among
those who arrived is Fraulein Ella Pros
nitz. a soprano, who comes here direct
fro.m I. a Scala, Milan, where she recently
closed a Continental tour. "While in Berlin
Frauleiu Prosnitz was personally compli
mented for her singing by the Kaiser
and his wife. This honor was also given
to Baron Berthald. a tenor of dramatic
force, who -■••I all Berlin talking.
Signor Vincenzo Foneari comes here
from Genoa. He is said to be a counter
part of the famous tenor, Campaninl. Miss
Mary Linck, who was heard here last sea
son, is also due to-day, coming from New
fork, where she ha; been singing with
the greatest success. Anna Lichter, whose
beautiful voice was tlrst heard at the
Tivoli in grand opera, has been re- i
engaged, and William Mertens. an Amer
ican barytone, who went to Germany three
years ago. is another addition to the Tlv
oli's forces. >. ;
Every one will remember the furor re
cently "created at the- California Theater
by tin- tenor. Signor Avedano, and the
barytone, Signor Salassa, when they ap
peared with an opera company from Mex
ico. These two great artists have been
under contract with the Tivoli for the
(last two months to sins during the grand
opera season. Among others to In- heard
next week and during the following weeks
may be mentioned Signor Wanrell, the
phenomenal basso, and William Schuster,
basso cantante. both of whom are great
favorites in this city.
Qulnto /.ani. the barytone who scored
heavily with the Melba company when it
was here, has also been secured by the
Tlvoll. and the rest of the principals,
chorus and orchestra will be In keeping
with tin list of names mentioned.
The opening bill is to be "Alda," and the
management promises that the season of
jrrand opera at the Tlvoll at popular prices
will eclipse all similar previous undertak
ings in this city. -; '.
The Hoodooed Schooner Rube L. Richardson in a Hard Storm.
KNOCKED DOWN
AND ROBBED IN
BROAD DAYLIGHT
The police are investigating a bold day
light robbery that occurred about 7 o'clock
yesterday morning on Bryant street, near
Sixth, the victim being Adolph Smith, *
soapmaker. living at 221 Bangton street.
Smith left his house shortly before 7
o'clock, intending to go to Oakland to
meet his daughter. He had walked about
a block along Bryant street when a young
man came up to him and asked him what
time it was. Smith continued to walk
along as he pulled out his watch. and the
man walked beside him. While Smith
was looking at the watch the man struck
him a violent blow on the jaw, knocking
SAW CERVERA'S FLEET
WIPED OFF THE SEA
I f I HE Palace Hotel yesterday received as guests three very distinguished
® I gentlemen who are in San Francisco on a tour of pleasure which em
® I braces about all of the western and northern portion of the United
® I ' States. They are H. yon R. Posihwitz. lieutenant commander, of the
0 *"*■ Imperial German Navy and naval attache to the German Embassy at
-. Washington; Aziz Bey, commander and aid-de-camp to his ■ Imperial
S: Majesty the Sultan and military attache of the Turkish Legation, and Oliver
® Talgny, secretary of the French Legation.
® Lieutenant Commander Posihwitz was. during the war with Spain,
® attached to the fleet of Admiral Schley as the representative of the German
(jj Government. In that capacity he witnessed much of the fighting along the
_ coasts of Cuba, ending with the destruction of Cervera's fleet, which victory
W he beheld at a distance from the deck of a transport. He speaks in the
® highest praise and with the greatest respect of American discipline and
® valor, and cannot too highly extol the courage and fortitude displayed by our
(5) sailors and marines. i' '"""
0 In reference to the Coghlan incident Commander Posihwitz said that
while the discourtesy It evinced was not pleasant to German ears, yet the
* circumstances of the case were thoroughly understood and were not deemed
® of sufficient dignity to call for official cognizance.
® While here the three gentlemen will' visit and inspect the Presidio, Union |
_) Iron "Works and all other points of Interest. They will probably not remain
0 over a -week.. ■-;.' !»».'' . _
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@
THE SAN E RAN CISCO CALL, MOINDAY, JULY 24, 1899.
him down. Smith was stunned by the
blow, and when he recovered his senses
the man had disappeared, having taken
the soapmaker's gold watch and chain
and about $'.) with him.
There was no one to be- seen on the
street, and Smith, after picking himself
up, started out to find a policeman. As
soon as he met one on Sixth street he re
ported the robbery to him and the facta
were communicated to police headquar
ters.
Smith was able to give a good descrip
tion of the robber. As the soapmaker is
a powerfully built man, surprise was ex
pressed that he was so easily made a
victim of the robber, who was a much
more slightly built man. He said he
could easily have overpowered the fel
low, but he did not get a chance, as the
blow on the Jaw knocked him out for a
few minutes.
Two detectives were detailed on the case
and after making an investigation they
discovered that the robber had visited
seme- of the saloons in the neighborhood
after the robbery and had spent a good
portion of the $9 taken from Smith. The
detectives believe that they will have no
difficulty in arresting him as soon as he
gels over the debauch with the money
stolen from Smith.
A bad crowd of hoolums hangs around
the neighborhood of Langton and Bryant
streets, and the robber Is supposed to lie
one of the gang. ; ; I
MANILA-BOUND
SOLDIERS IN A
RAILROAD WRECK
The Nineteenth United States Infantry
1 arrived yesterday from the East. The
I regiment came in in detachments and as
each marched off the ferry it was led
| down to the Government dock and was
, sent at once on board the transport Tar
tar, which will take the regiment to
| Manila.
The regiment arrived in good condition
| and, until it reached Suisun, without mis
i hap. At Teal station, however, just this
j side of Suisun, an- accident which might
j have been a most serious one delayed the
train with six or seven others for several
hours. The troops' train was ordered on
to a siding to allow one .of the regular
trains to pass. All the cars were safely
run over the switch except the last one.
The rear trucks of that jumped the
j switch and kept on down the main line,
: and the result was a smash-up that
I blocked the road and shook the soldiers
from their seats.
The accident occurred at 2 o'clock yes-
I terday morning. It was found impossible
! either to clear the main line or the
switch, so travel was blocked until the
tangle could be straightened out. The
: troops were on two trains and both of
these were held until 1 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, when the line was opened. By
! that time two or three passengers and as
many more freight trains were waiting.
The regiment, which is under command
I of Colonel Snider, was sent from Pen.n
--; SylvaniaV It was- intended to send the
transport away on the L'L'd Inst., but delay
l in getting the regiment on the road and
across the continent has held the vessel.
She will sail to-day or to-morrow.
Except for the Sunday crowds the Pre-
I sidio was a quiet place yesterday. There
! were no parades nor ceremonies in the
Oregon camp, and so the men had plenty
of time, to entertain the throngs of visit
ors that blocked the company streets from
early in the forenoon until retreat. This
evening at 5:30 a dress parade and review
will be tendered to Mayor Phelan. It will
be one similar to that tendered General
Beebe last Friday evening, only according
to General Summers' promise, it will be
better. . . . . "
To-morrow is the time set for the turn
ing in of all ordnance belonging to the !
regiment. This includes rifles and their
equipment and any ammunition the regi
ment may have on hand. There may De
some arrangement made with the Govern
ment to issue the arms again on memo
randum receipts, in order to have the reg
: iment go home under arms, but that is a
matter for future decision.
The comrades of Sergeant Allen Befort,
I Battery N. Third Artillery, becoming en
i thusiastic over tne appointment of Befort
I as a second lieutenant of volunteers, pre
sented him with a : beautiful sword last
j Saturday just after guard mount. .The
| battery Is stationed at Angel Island. The
presentation address was made by Cap
tain Hartlett. commanding Battery N. He
; spoke in- the highest terms of the lieuten
ant's fitness for his new position, and j
I expressed the esteem in which both offi- j
\ cers and men of the battery held him.
! Lieutenant Befort responded to the kind
; wishes oft* his comrades and then bade !
farewell to his old friends. He left the
: same day for his new station at Vancou- I
ver barracks.
Lieutenant Lefort was anointed a sec
j ond lieutenant of the Thirty-fifth Infantry |
in July. 1899. His career in the army com- I
'< menced in the Fourth Artillery, in which
jhe served for -.ree years. He was dis
, charged with the rank of sergeant, and !
was given an excellent character. He re- |
enlisted, this time in Battery N of the i
Third Artillery, just after the passage of
the army reorganization bill. He was
given his old rank of sergeant at. once,
and this he held until his appointment as
a lieutenant. Lefort was given his com
mission without an examination.
— ■ ♦ — '■ ■
A BANG-UP FIGHTER.
Martin Dunphy of Kentucky Gets the
Worst of a Scrap With Three
-;\,-':/ Other Soldiers.
Martin Dunphy. a soldier, who has been
assigned to . the ' Seventeenth Infantry, is
a "bang-up fighter," according to his own
statement, and he declares that in "old
Kentucky," where he was born and
reared, he could lick any old man.
Yesterday" morning Dunphy was brought
to the Receiving Hospital in the patrol
wagon by Policeman P. Coleman from
Webster and Greenwich streets. His face
was covered with blood and his eyes were
blackened. He was so drunk that he could
not tell his name, but Steward Muller
thought it sounded like "Bill Cohen,"
and so it was registered. Dr. Stephen had
to put several stitches in a knife wound
over Dunphy's right eye and another
over his left eye.
Dunphy explained his condition by say
ing that he got Into a fight with three
other soldiers at Webster and Greenwich
streets- and they were too many for him.
» ♦ » -.
•"- ITraight transferred at low . rates. ' Signal
Transfer Co., 630 Jones; tel. Sutter 441. ' -
BOY'S FEARFUL
FALL NEAR THE
CLIFF HORSE
Walter Herkenham Is
Dying.
— —
HE SLIPPED FROM THE ROCKS
— ♦ —
SKULL FRACTURED AND HEAD
BADLY CUT.
♦
Was Allowed to Lie at tho Park Hos
pital for Two Hours When an
Immediate Operation Was
Imperative.
Walter Herkenham, the twelve-year-olu
son of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Herkenham
of 909 Alice street, Oakland, fell yester
day afternoon a distance of thirty feet
from the rocks near the Cliff "House, re
ceiving serious but not necessarily fatal
injuries.
It is possible, however, that the delay
in dressing the boy's wounds, caused
through lack of necessary accommoda
tions at the Park Hospital, may result in
his death.
In the recklessness of youth young
Herkenham began the ascent of the rag
ged promontory that juts into the ocean
just below the Cliff House shortly after
4 o'clock in the afternoon, lie had as
cended thirty feet when his playmates,
standing below on the. beach, heard him
scream. Booking up, they were transfixed
with horror when they saw that he had
j lost his hold upon the crags and was
slipping towards the rocks below. They
shouted for help, but an instant later tne
body of the boy shot downward. He lay
| on the rocks while half a hundred people
: who witnessed his fall hurried to his aid.
His unconscious and bleeding body was
| picked up and carried to the Seal Rock
1 House, word being immediately sent to
the Park Emergency Hospital. The am
! bulance hurried out and in an hour he
| was in the hospital.
Dr. Nlemeyer made an examination of
the boy's hurts and found that he was
bleeding profusely from a ragged wound
in the head and also that he had in all
probability suffered a fracture of the oc
cipital bone on the left side. Although
it was tlie opinion of the physician tnat
an operation should be performed immedi
ately in order to save the patient's life,
a lack of facilities prevented.
For some unaccountable reason tne
Board of Health has never seen tit to put
a ward in at the headquarters of the Park
Hospital. There are only sufficient instru
ments at the institution with which to
successfully remove a splinter or dress a
bumped head. A capital operation is im
possible. For this reason no operation
i could be performed on Herkenhan at the
j Park Hospital, and after the hemorrhage
I had been controlled, a matter occupying
some lime, a bandage was placed around
! the hoy's head and he was removed to the
Receiving Hospital.
Charlie Herkenham. the injured hoy's
1 brother, and Grove and Wallace O'Connor
accompanied the ambulance to the Re-
I ceiving Hospital. As soon as they saw
; the still unconscious youth placed in bed
they hurried to Ids home and apprised his
! parents of the accident.
In the meantime preparations had been
made at the Receiving Hospital to operate
on the injured lad. The parents arrived
at the hospital before the operation com
menced, however, and had him removed
ito the Lane Hospital. There he will re
. main until such time as returning health
! will permit of his removal to his home or
until death relieves his sufferings.
MISSING GIRLS FOUND.
Beatrice and Jennie Jorgensen Have
Been Located at Stockton.
Beatrice and Jennie Jorgensen. sisters,
aged 18 and 16 years, respectively, who
disappeared from their home at 141$
O'Farrell street June 21 last, have been
located in Stockton. Chief of Police Gall
of that city found them yesterday and
reports that they are content to remain
where they are.
The girls left their home on the after
noon of June 21, telling their mother they
were going to call on a friend living on
Geary street and that they would be gone
not longer than an hour. Their mother
has not seen them since. It has been
learned since that the girls were at the
Chutes on the evening of their disappear
ance and were making merry and evident
ly having the best of good times. After
that evening nothing more was heard of
them until Chief Gall located them in
Stockton.
Mrs. Cecelia Jorgensen, the mother, has
been nearly prostrated by worry since
their disappearance.
MOTHER MACDERMOT
PASSES AWAY IN INDIA
ONCE SUPERIOR OF SACRED
HEART CONVENT.
Tidings From the Far East of the
Death of a Devoted Worker in
the Catholic Church.
Tidings of the death of Sister Mary
Ignatius MacDermot. formerly mother su
perior of the Sacred Heart Presentation
Convent, have been received from India.
Her death, which terminated a life ' of
zealous devotion to the church, occurred
June 13, after an illness of ten days.
Mother MacDermot took the veil in 1576,
entering the Sacred Heart Presentation
Convent in this city. In 1884 she was
elected mother superior. She directed tho
work of the convent for about five years,
having in -~- for Ireland.
A visit of a few months was terminated
by her acceptance of a call from India.
In company with three other sisters she
left to aid "in the missionary work at the
Convent of Veprey, near Madras. There
she remained two years, when, by her ac
tivity and devotion, she founded a con
vent at Rawul Pindee. in the Punjab, in
the extreme northwest of Hindoostan.
This zealous sister established there an
orphanage for natives and a day school
for native and white children.
CLIMBED MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
Postofflce Outing Club Enjoyed a
Novel Early Morning Picnic.
I .The members of the recently organized
| Postofflce Outing Club climbed to the
i summit of Mount Tamalpais before dawn
I yesterday morning, and were well repaid
for the exertion of the long tramp by a
glorious view of the rising sun. The mail
handlers, accompanied by their wives, sis
ters and sweethearts, left San Francisco
Saturday night on the theater boat for
Sausalito. From that place they went by
train to Ross Station, where they arrived
very early Sunday morning. Then com
menced tin- mountain climbing. There
| were a number of musicians in the party,
and under the inspiring influence of music
the summit was reached at 4 a. m., he
fore any one thought of being tired and
just as old Sol was making his appear
ance above the distant horizon. After
enjoying a light luncheon and a few
hours' rest the party descended the trail
to Mill Valley, where they boarded the
train for the city. The duty's next outing
will be held in about two "weeks, and a
cordial invitation is extended to all civil
service employes. - -' v
The officers of the club are: Captain, J.
A. Spilier; lieutenant, Peter J. Fay; libra
rian and scientist, C. Wise O'Brien; scout,
T. Jerry Lynch; guide. George F. Tsi
koores; advocate, Guy C. Calden; ca
boose. William T. Scudder. ;: ?;
Before leaving the summit Captain
Spilier released two carrier pigeons, and
the birds arrived at their cotes on Union
street just forty minutes later.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY is
lecommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
ADVERTISBJ-LENTS.
• mPORi..
_______ temaammm mm °
During the balance of Jiilu we will offer,
at EXCEEDINGLY LOW PRICES, ELEGANT
MARSEILLES and SATIN BEDSPREADS, FINE
LACE CURTAINS, IRISH and GERMAN TABLE
DAMASKS, IRISH and GERMAN NAPKINS,
both Plain and Hemstitched; TURKISH
TOWELS, HUCK and DAMASK TOWELS,
Fringed, Hemmed and Hemstitched ; TOWEL-
INGS, CRASHES and GLASS LINENS and ask
particular attention to our display of ABOVE
LINES in our LARGE SHOW WINDOWS, with
PRICES MARKED ON EACH CLASS OF GOODS.
111, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
TAX LEVY WILL
BE DISCUSSED
BY SUPERVISORS
To Listen to Pleas of
City Officials.
At 4 o'clock this afternoon the heads of
departments at the City Hall will go be
fore the Board of Supervisors to clamor
for cash. The Fire Department, the
County Clerk, the Assessor and all the
rest of those who have spent the past two
weeks in pleading for a raise in their
apportionment under the tax levy, have
been notified that the board has granted
them a rehearing, and that a half-hour of
to-day's meeting has been set aside for
them.
The Finance Committee has as yet done
j nothing toward fixing the permanent tax
levy, nor will it until Mayor Phelan makes
good his promise to meet with it and
point out just how- to satisfy everybody
and keep within the "dollar limit." Be
fore leaving on his late vacation the
Mayor announced that he would meet
with the committee on one day last week,
but instead he went to Santa Cruz to at
tend the encampment of the League of he
Cross Cadets, and since his return has
been dumb on all matters pertaining to
the paramount question.
Because of the uncertainty incident to
the delay business at the hall is becoming
sadly demoralized. County Clerk Deane
does not know whether he is going to
have $6000 or $10,000 per month with which
to run his office., and has already dis
charged a number of his force because- he
is afraid he is going to be held down to
the lesser amount. Assessor Dodge is not
sure whether he will get 136,000 or $70,000.
and he has a little list of those who are
to get the ax in case he is handed the
short figure. The rest are in the same un
certain state of mind, while panic reigns
among the deputies. . -
Because of his dilatory tactics in hand
ling the matter Mayor Phelan is coming
in for considerable censure. His absence
at Santa Cruz last week prevented the
regular meeting of the Finance Commit
tee, and there will be no report from that
body to-day. That there will not be is
likely to give rise to some unpleasant
questions on the part of several members,
and the Mayor may be called upon to
say when he will have time to meet with
the committee and illuminate the path
that will prevent the board from straying
outside the "dollar limit." Not much time
is left, and absolutely nothing has been
done on the budget.
Boston is "one ahead" of New York, It
has arranged for the removal of its ashes
and garbage by means of automobiles.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct fr.~m the ocean.
ONE WEEK Eg __T]
FREE ■*-%. §
Treatment and Medicine o^2
FOR **- o_\k -^
Catarrh Deafness, iisP
NOISES IN THE EARS j- a_B / j
NOISES IN* THE EARS S2/Si
AND THROAT DISEASES *-*-*> _S taW
given to show the superior $S*/^ **__ •
merit of my new invention Ssssie' &Sg\. :
and ANTISEPTIC treatment; W^ ,?_fi___'
that gives many marvelous S& __35i
cures and sec easy a child lj^^ *TrTT_ :
can use it. In 1200 test cases a : =^SSSB"<
all CATARRHAL patients re- S\ «-_!*"*?s■
lieved and 80 per cent Deaf- _> : k I ,v.^Seaß^'5 N
ness cured. Rest of references S^J^^c^SWE^;^
and hundreds of endorsements Rut the best is
to try it and be convinced while you can.
FREE FOR ONE WEEK. ;* .-•■-•?".■---
Call at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St.. opp. Palaoe Hotel.
■*3p_ra-P-H A. M.. 1-3 and 7-8 P. M. i-
GOLDBERG
BQWEN
& CO
Quality cleanliness and promptness
together with your patronage supports
our big business
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter— choice table square 35C
The same quality that sold at
45c last week
Coffee— Pasha blend 2 lbs 55c
3 lb can 95c
Properly blended— carefully roasted
at Pine street store — reg'ly '3sc
White wine— Howcii mi gai 45c
Rich in flavor body and color
reg'ly 75c
Gelatine— car* large pkgs 15c
Makes 3 pints rich crystalline jelly
moulds perfectly— reg'ly 20c
Oysters— (oval tins) 10c
2 to 3 portions— natural flavor
good size— reg'ly 12Jc
Currant jelly— san Jose 15c
Like home made — 2 lb cans
reg'ly 20c
Wiskey bla, . ld Cluh 85c
_ J Killif troy
Scotch & Irish Caledonian $110
DCL— reg'lvsl andsl 35
XT' ?Sp
Vinegar reg'ly 35c gallon ~~ c
Cider " SOc " 35c
White wine " 25c bottle 20c
DeLong's pure apple juice — for
pickling— no acid used
Salad dressing bottle 25c
Sierra Madre— Without the best
ingredients you can't get the right
flavor. Try Sierra Madre— reg'ly 30c
Borax SOap— Seafoam 4 bars 25c
I Snowfiakel " 25c
Seafoam for fine linens — woolens and
fabrics — Snowflake for general wash-
ing and cleaning purposes
reg'ly 3 and 5 bars for 25c
Washing powder— 1 776 8 for 25c
Babbitt's best— reg'ly 6 for 25c
Toilet soaps— French bx of 3 cks6oc
Assorted odors— made by Roger &
Gallet— and Violet— reg'ly 75c
. Cologne— Farina bottle 45c
Johann Maria— genuine— reg'ly 60c
Breakfast food-University o =_
steam cooked oats 2 pkgs *-**-*'
Beechnut bacon 25c
In glass jars— sliced— ready for use
delicious flavor— crisp
Baby pirn olas 3 bottles 50c
Little tender olives stuffed with
sweet peppers
We ship groceries to the country to
arrive in the same condition as before
leaving our store— we stand the loss
if otherwise
4-2 Pine 215 Suiter 2800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
lA/. X. HESS,
■OTAR- PO3LIO AND ATTORNEY-A. LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Ciaus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California st., below Powell.
— — Francisco. ,• _ .1 tT - -.