wm.imi: ia\\vi-no, fix.
CEASELESS BOMBARDMENT
OF WHITE'S STRONGHOLD
LADYSMITH SHELLED
BOTH NIGHT AND DAY
Boers Claim the Town Proper
Has Been Abandoned.
British Troops Take Shelter on the Edge
of the Hill to Escape the Fire
of the Cannon,
L 3 — Special dispatches from Pietermaritz
.• . •■■•'. say that Ladysmith is bom
v, ami is hard pressed. On November
en close to the town, the
• !. began an assault, but were
with luavv losses. The Boers have de
ver the Tugela River.
{patch from Pretoria gives de-
I to in t m Preto
« r : : :
D up a position on a small hill,
ranced and attacked them, sending
bill lor in I our, when the Transvaal
• in the midst of tl ry, send-
I the hill. Two burghers were
c wotin
"When the British fell back on Ladysmith several shells ex
execution done could n<>t be seen.
14 Al • t the Afrikander cannon on the hills surround
• simultaneously on Ladysmith turning
: nightinto a lurid inferno of whistling,
in all pans of the compass to the
•re were seen from Buluwan
" ~ ■ '■•* '. .ved and
? c(\^c of the hill to escape the death-deal
■
h from Pretor that the prisoners at
le the Eighteenth H four officers and
• c non-commissioned officers and men; the Dublin
velve non-commissioned offi
men: the Insh Fnsileers, ten officers and 533 non
men; the Gloucesters, fourteen of
•mmissioned officers and men; the artillery,
n-coirn ncers and men; the
me non-commissioned officers
the Dragoons, one man; the Xatal Police, one
two men; sick, thirty-eight men. The
■
"The trams are ellently from Pretoria to Lady
rue ample it are short of clothes,
- — In an engagement yesterday
th the British advanced with ihir
teen rs of the Transvaal. A big gun
was retired at 3 o'clock to a klnnf near
■ " h - Th< • - unknown. The Boers had one
man killed an« three wounded. In addition they had thirteen
: seven h :ed.
16. — Heavy musketry firing was heard
c direct* - smith' al k this morning.
L, • absence of
news of any serious mbvement
apa-'r.t»t I^adyFmith setros to show
that the Boers are . -mating the
strategy adopted by them at Dun
dee, when they ! appeared in front
and endeavored to effect a surrounding
movement. This seems to ha\» been
their ofoiect rejrardlr.r Estcourt. anl since
Jt Is lmpoMibU that the relief should
reach there for Bom» days to come, it is
not unlikely that a further retiring move.
m*-nt on Mooi River will be made.
Major Wolf Murray has returned to
Pleterxnaritzburs to take charge of the
line" of communication and Colonel
Tounjr of the Royal Artillery ha* taken
command, at Ettcourt. The forces now at
VIEW IN THE VICINITY OF COLENSO.
duration show* the Bouthern end of the Colen»o Railroad bridge, with the town In th© distance.
The San Francisco Call
This officer commands the Hritlsh troops now gathering at Pletermaritx
burg for the relief of Ladv*m!th.
Pietennartizburg are too weak to attempt
to reopen communication. Artillery an^
cavalry especially are badly needed, and
it necessarily will take a long time to ob
tain either, owing to the difficulty of en
training and the necessity of allow: the
horses to rest after the long sea voyage.
From the Indiscriminate distribution of
the various divisions at unexpected points
it seems clear that the original plans of
Gon»raJ ttullcr ha.vj b*»»*n wholly t>.h.u)£e<L.
Not ie« slightest word regarding th» new
plans has been allowed to escape.
It has been reported that the Belmont
fight arose owing to the advance of a
British column to relieve Klmberley. but
this seems Incorrect, all of the most re
liable accounts representing the engage
ment as growing out of a reconnolssanco.
The announcement of the arrival of Gen
eral Methuene at Orange River, however,
doubtless means that arrangements are
In a forward state for an advance from
that point. If the advance has not already
b*>gun.
Klmberley was safe on Friday. Novem
ber 10. Last Tuesday a Boer force of GW
entered Allwal North, Cape Colony, hoist
ed the flag of the Free State and declared
the town and district to be part of the
republic. The activity of the Boers In
this locality would almost point to the
necessity of Insuring the safety of the
column marching to the relief of Klmber
ley from attack from this direction or
from iiioemfonteln.
In view of the reticence of General Bul
ler It Is almost useless to speculate re
garding the report of a movement to re
lleve Kimberley. It can only be Intended
to draw the Boers, If possible, from
Natal. The object of the occupation of
Allwal North. It is understood to be to
prevent the large quantity of ammunition
at Her» f>»-ing forwarded to James
town and thence to the Queen's Own.
The Boers have notified the inhabitants
that no looting will bo allowed. There are
reliable reports of mysterious movements
Of Free State commandos along th« Or
ange River, and Important developments
are expected. Everything tends to show
that the relief of Klmberlev could only
be *afely undertaken by a strong column.
BOLDNESS AND CORRECT
STRATEGY OF THE BOERS
LONDON, Nov. 17.— The serious and un
expected disaster to the Estcourt' armored
train on the eve of the forward move
ment for the relief of Ladysmlth has ap
parently convinced the British that the
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER IS, 1899.
MAJOR-GENERAL HILDYARD.
advance will be contested stop by step.
The Boors are seemingly swarming south
•iso. While a large force has. I
from the neighbor!* dyamlth, a
mu'h l;irj.---r f'.r> • • bai arrived from
where, and will probably turn out to aid
General SchaJkburger's corps.
The I?A(-rs evidently are straining every
and bringing up every man to re
doce Ladysmith b-fure the British relief
force Their operations I
ward show Me boldness a?.
If their aln;
• by CUttli -.muni
cation with the Ifool River, whir- tn. re
Is an important railroad I'rliiK* every
thing points to the belief that the ■•
commanding the relieving column wttl
have a more difficult task than is gener
ally assumed. In front he will have a
broad river to cross In the presence of tne
« and on his right, and probably | n
the rear, will be hostile bodies who are
CHIEF JOEL TO
JOIN THE BOERS
LONDON, i\ov. 17.—Ad
vices from Maseru, Basu
toland. dated Wednesday,
N vember 8, say that
Chief Joel, terrorized by
false Boer assertions that
the British have been
beaten in every engage
ment and are being driven
out of South Africa, is
preparing to join the
boers, believing theirs the
winning side The boers
are said to have supplied
him with guns, which they
have accompanied with
specious promises.
Continued on Second Page
MARCONI'S
SYSTEM FOR
THE NAVY
Board Recommends That It
Be Given a Place in the
Service.
PLEASED WITH TESTS
Result of the Trials Conducted by
The Call and the New York
Herald.
Special Di«p*tch to The Ckll.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Nov. IT.-r.-^tr
Arimlral R. li. Bradford, chief of the Bu
renu of Kgulpment. made public to-d«y
• \t of the conclusions and reeom-
Uon of the b..ard which witnessed
The Call ar.d Herald naval trials of
Marc mis system of wireless telegraphy.
The board is highly enthusia.-t
the results r.f the experiment and has
recommended the system be given a trial
In the service. The board consisted of
Lieutenant Ommander J. T. Newton and
OIL WORKS MARKED FOR DESTRUCTION BY OAKLAND DYNAMITERS.
Lieutenants J. B. Bllsh and F. K. Hill,
and their report was submitted to Rear
Admiral Bradford. These are their con
clusions and recommendations:
"It Is well adapted for use In squadron
signaling under conditions of rain. fog.
darkness and motion of speed. Wind,
rain, fog a- other conditions of weather
do not affect transmission through space,
but dampness may reduce range, rapid
ity and accuracy by impairing the insula
tion of the aerial wire and instruments.
Darkness has no effect.
"We have no data as to the effects of
rolling and pitching, but excessive vibra
tion at high speed apparently produced no
bad effect on instruments, ana we believe
the working of the system would be very
little affected by the motion of a ship.
"When two transmitters are sending at
the Fame time all receiving wires within
range receive impulses from transmitters,
and tapes, although unreadable, show un
mistakably that such double sending is
taking place. /
"In every case, under a great number
of varied conditions, attempted Interfer
ence was complete. Mr. Marconi, although
ho stated to the board before these at
tempts wore made that he could prevent
Interference, nrver explained how. nor
made any attempt to demonstrate It could
be done.
"Between large ships (heights of masts
130 and 140 feet) and a torpedo boat
(height of mast 45 feet), across open
water, signals can be read up to seven
miles o nthe torpedo boat and eighty-five
miles on" the torpedo boat and eighty-five
be Interrupted altogether when tall build
ings of Iron framing Intervene.
"The rapidity is not greater than twelve
words per minute for skilled operators.
The sending apparatus and wire would in
juriously affect the compass if placed near
it. The exact distance is not known, and
should be determined by experts.
"The system Is adapted for use on all
vessels of the navy, including torpedo
boats and small vessels, as patrols, scouts
and dispatch boats, but It is Impracticable
in a small boat.
"For landing parties the only feasible
method of use would be to erect a pole
on shore and then communicate with the
ship.
"Th«» system could be adapted to the
telegraphic determination of difference of
longitude In surveying.
"The board respectfully, recommends
that the system be given a trial In the
navy." _____^__^^___
DEATH OF A PIONEER.
Oliver B. Power Dies After a Linger
ing Illness.
BUIBUN. N v IT.— Oliver niiss Pmrer.
one of the pioneers who came to Califor
nia In lM'.t. d:«-d at his home h»-r-- I
after a lingering Illness of several months.
I)ecea9ed settled in Suisun In the parly
'50's and was identified with the enrly h s
tory of Solimo County. He followed Jour
nalism for a number of years. beinK a
publisher of the Solano Republican over
forty years ago. He served one t'-rm as
County Judge of Solano County. The de
! had reached the advanced age of
80 years. He leaves a widow, one daugh
ter and a son. th* lattrr F. A Power i
student at the State University at lierke
ley.
■•
SURVEYING PARTY SAFE.
Mrs. Stocker Receives a Telegram
From Her Husband.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 17.— That the sur
veying party believed to have been lost In
the Gulf of California Is safe It indicated
by this telegram, received late this after
noon by Mrs. Ada B. Stocker:
"CII. A BEND. Ariz.. Nov. 17.— Repret
false reports. All well. Will arrive home
to-morrow. H. J. BTOCKSR."
Mr. Stocker was a member of the parly
believed to have been lost. Nothing -is
known of the details, but the inference is
that there was no foundation for the
story that the party was carried out to
.sea In an open boat.
ATTEMPT TO DESTROY
STANDARD OIL WORKS
Oakland Agitated by Daring
Plot of Dynamiters.
Immense Oil Tanks Were to Have Been
Blown Up, Scattering Inflammable Oil
Over Thickly Settled Portion
of the City.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
503 Broadway. Mov. 1/. ;
£•'-■». 3HE Oakland police and detective
I authorities are greatly ' puzzled
THE Oak!;tnd police to have • been
tuthorttlea are greatly pi;/,
over what appears to have o^n
i a dastardly attempt last night to
AS blow up the Standard Oil Com
pany's local plant at the northeast cor
ner of Ninth and Cedar streets by mean.-.
of dynamite. The successful consumma
tion of the plot, whatever might have
been Its underlying motive, was .nipped
in the bud through the accidental discov
ery by two smoll boys of the dynamite
that was to have been used In the de- .
structive work.
Every effort Is being made to shroud
the affair In deepest mystery; the strict
est secrecy Is being observed and al
though the police feign absolute Ignor
ance _ five suspects have htiiri arrested
and their names are registered on the i
small book at the City Prison—a book <
whlcn Is Inaccessible to any one save
Chief of Police Hodgklns. his captains
and sergeants. A. Edward Cushing. su
perintendent of the works, was exceed
ingly loth at first to discuss the affair
or give out and particulars. He expresses
the opinion 'that perhaps the. motive of
the dynamiters was I ft the destruction
Of the big plant with its huge, oil tan*». :
but robbery, burglary and safe-cracking.
However, if the latter theory proves ten
able then it would appear that the m!d
night marauders, who, in the late hoid
ups. terminating In the cold-blooded mur
der of John Thomas, a West Oakland |
saloon-keeper, and who have thus iur I
successfully evaded the police. Duve
adopted a new method of piyins" luetf
criminal occupation.
It appears that yesterday afternoon,
shortly after 5 o'clock, two small boys.:
whose names Superintendent Gushing. In
the excitement of the moment, failed to
learn, found two sticks of dynaroli con
cealed beneath a small pile of two-Inch
planks on an inclosed lot in the rear of
the oil plant and facing Dalton's foun
dry. The boys were playing hide at. I seek
at the tlmo and one of them, crouching
behind the lumber pile nearest Certar
street, discovered the sticks. Whether '
the boys Intuitively suspected the dan
gerous nature of their find or regarded It
as valuable material mislaid and belong
ing to th* oil works Is not known.
However, they promptly carried, the
dynamite around the corner to the oil
company's ofllce. where rhey apprised
Superintendent Cushlng of what they: had
found and how and where.
A hasty Inspection, and the superintend- I
ent, realizing the character of the sticks,
divined the criminal purpose with which
the dangerous things had been concealed.
Visions of the ruined plant, of the big ell
tanks blown up. of the ofllce safe cracked
and the day's collections therein deposits
gone, filtted through Superintendent Cuah-
Ing's mind, and he promptly sent word to
police headquarters.
Chief of Police Hodgklns early in the
evening detailed Sergeant McKlnley, Of
ficers Pardee and Murray and two others
on the case. The officers were Ml out
to keen a sharp lookout in the neighbor
hood for any and all strange and sus
picious characters and report at Intervals
to Sergeant McKlnley at Dalton's Foun
dry, opposite the oil plant, on Cedar
street. The district Is an extremely de
serted one at nlicht and Is poorly lighted,
the oil works being scarcely 150 feet from
the bay shore. All through the cold night
the ofllcers patrolled the district, eagerly
watching until 3 o'clock this morning, by
which time five suspects had been' round
ed up and landed In the City Prison As
for absolute clews. It Is not known -wheth
er the police discovered any: but at my
rate the police In th. zealous vigilance
succeeded In frustrating the plot that un
questionably involved criminal motive
"Just what the motive of the plotters
who concealed the dynamite beneath the
lumber In the unlnclosed lot back of our
works might have been.'" said Superin
tendent Cushlng to-day, "we do not know
but there was the dynamite, discovered
by the merest chance by those two boys
If the scheme was to blow up the works
I ctinnot Imagine what- Impelled the pur
pose We have had no strike or trouble of
any kind among our workmen, and' her.ee
I am Inclined to believe that the motive
was to blow open our office safe and se
cure what money might be deposited there
over night.
"To say the least I was- perfectly as
tounded when the boys brought me the
dynamite. I Instantly knew what it was
and. of course. I Immediately notified the
police. I understand the officers lay la
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
wait all nfght In the hope of capturing
the men who presumably would have to
visit the vacant Jot to secure the dyna
mite to carry out their plot, and although
I .am Informed that flve men during the
night carr» close enough to be suspected
and were arre>t«»d 1 fear most ofthes»>
w»re stray laborers or tramps, thy» latter
perhaps seeking .shelter In some boxcar
back of the works. I have also thought
•if not at all unlikely that- the scheme
might have had for Mb ultimate purpose
the blowing up of the Da! ton . Foundry.
Just across the tracks. We certainly do
not use any dynamite in our business
ami withal the affair Is a great mystery.
"The dynamite was . apparently newly
manufactured and ther»> was no evidence
that It had lain- where it was. found more
than twenty hour*. Though wo never
keep any great amount of money in the
safe, if safe-cracking and burglary was
the object, the burglars. If successful,
would have secured enough for their
trouble.
■ "Indeed, I do not know what to think
about it all. However. w» ;II feel very
glad that the police, though perhaps a
bit overzealous in their vigilance, frus
trated, the plot: even though those Im
plicated were not apprehended."
, The dynamite I* now in th*» possession
or tho police, • ■ho are using every en
deavor to clear up the my»ti>ry- As to
the five suspects Imprisoned Police Cap
tain Wilson stated this afternoon that
roost Of the suspects arrested during
last night were released during to-day
without divulging the cause that led to
their arrest.
The local plant of the Standard Oil
Company is for the most part a briric
structure. The office is located in the
southwest Corner and toward the reir of
the works and nearest the spot where the
dynamite was found tower three hue*
Iron tanks usually holding from 12/u) to
IS.ouO gallons of oil each. The. plant Is
one or the most- valuable of the com
pany possessions, on this coast and Its
destruction by dynamite would have In
curred great damage not only to this
plant _ DUL Daltnn's Foundry as- well. —
MRS. WHITE'S ASSAILANT
RELEASED ON BAIL
Guard Was Kept Around the Jail, but
No Attempt at Violence Was
Made.
TOMALES. Nov. 17.-The excitement
over the assault committed on Mrs. Mtn
hie White by. Antone Jason has not en
tirely subsided, but the danger point Is
past, and Jason is now In no danger of
having nummary punishment for his deed
dealt- out to. him by an- outraged populace
An armed guard of ten men ..' kept
round the town Jail In anticipation of an
attempt to- lynch, the prisoner until this
morning, when he wa-*w a-* taken lx-toro Just
ice. Turner and released on S3'u/ bn.ll. fur
nished by his employers. He was then
smuggled toMewnnes" ranch, two mil**
from town. -."• -.-■•
It is probable that the only thing that
saved Jason's life was his age. Though
large and strpng.. the bt>y Is not yet i<j
years of age, and the cooler-headed citi
sens made. this fact their strong point in
urging the advocates of lynching; to let
the law take Jts course. . ■" :
ic will arrive on
the noon train tasoo'l
prelim win take place
Turner an hour later. A r .
- have l»»-en sworn in bj
stable Olover t-i !•♦• present on the occa
sion and see th ne the
prisoner. Th.- evidence will undoubtedly
■ ng held to an
r <*ourt.
iw him follow Mrs.
White down the rai i
torn and dlsarrai lition of her tar
ments wh>
tliat she !
struggle. Mrs
• -day as the result of r.
prostration.
DWIGHT L MOODY
IS SERIOUSLY ILL
Evangelist Stricken by Heart Trouble
• While Conducting Meetings at •
', -.;• Kansas City. "•.;' . . I
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Nov. 17.— Dwl*ht
I. Moody,, the evangelist., who has Urn
preaching here to thousands rilgbtly In
Convention Hall, was stricken with heart
trouble to-day. His engagement here was
cut -short. • to-night ' and he is ' en
route to his home at Northfleld. Mass..
In care or Dr. Schaufller of this city anl
C. Mi Vinlng. teller of the Union National
Hank. TN y are travt lu.r In a • special
car provided by the committee of churjh
men who brought Mr. Moody t / Kansas
City.. :•. -
It is admitted that Mr. Moody' condi
tion Is serious.- Mr. Moody sold he 4.4
feellnH vcrv weak and added:-
. "I have had trouble with my heart for
a good .many years, but I ; never Mt
weak, as I do now. There Is notMn<
alarming about my condition, I believe."
" Since last Sunday night the. evangulist
has been prcachlnjc in Convention Hill.
where the audiences on several occa
sions have numbered fully li.ftv. Several
times he has spoken with difficulty anil
ha» been' Compelled at time's. to sit up all
night, as he could not breathe. wnll« ly
ing down.- To-day he was too ill to gn
to .the hail and .1 large au<rieju-e which
had gath-rcd was turned away..
Evangelist R. E. Torre nf Chicago Will
come here to finish the scries of meet-
Ings. • ' .2
INSANE MAN SHOOTS
HIS FOUR CHILDREN
Suicide Concludes an Awful Tragedy at
Chicago— Three of the Little Vic
tims Are Dead.
CHTCAGO. Nov. 17.— Cr.rryiirc out a plot
h«» had apparently planned with dellbera
tion, i"<;r:ie!lus. Corcoran to-dny sh^t four
of hit children^ ldling three *>t them. and
Then «-n.Jrd h4s own life. The tragedy oc^
rurred .-it his home. HOI Dearborn street.
The dead:
CORNELIUS CORCORAN. *- 4 years old.
iIAHOAIUiT COBCORAX. 5 years, died
at Mercy Hi*j>ital.- '
J«»:iN CORCOftASC, J jrean old. Jled at
Merry UaspUaL*
Ll/ZIK CXJRCO^AX. J years old.
TLe wouutlc'Jc
Kate Corcoran. H years oM. If h« re
covttk hh<« will. 10.-c J-.«»r left eye. ■
Tl.<* j»ipllr«varo coavtaeojl tlie man wan
lasjiiip. Corcoran lvu«l l1veJ"wllli his seven
children in » «at building for a month
j»ru«t. Ti» kli <vut\v.int m>j>«strnj;ce>. < «. he was
*;linl and -conyiflerate. Far ; «>nie daya he
hnd lOixt.nJ (h'eJ^ralh t>f.hl« childr^n-and
lie nearly >abeoxnpUahed Ms purport:Ttte»
day:nJj;la.. 11« JtrinK the chlldrou cnuifh.
he arcs**' arid' -in tne dark administered
laudanum :o :fl\^ of them— Clifford, Tim
othy. John. 1 ; Marcan-t n:>d l-lzz:». The
flrfi. iwo wre rwuoved to the Mercy
HofpltaL vi yrc Tiuioihy died to-day, nnl
Corcoran 'exhibited; purh pt »rri<-f
ov«r the uffiir that tlie police *ad th«
Coroner thfujrht th> giving of the laud
wiuni' vn.< »i mistake. '■ .
}2ail.c<! In "fcls. pur;">ose to end the 31\-t?s
of. 'the younc :.on«^«. Corcoran. It Is
Ihoiichu made .desperate. plans for his act
ot :»-^ia}-. •:■ . : ••■
AT»otit 10 o rtool: the jrran dm other of the
cjill-iirrn. Mrs. Mai-paret Wren, arfom-
I>aru>d by' bef 'txtecii Mn>, Mamjn Oorbwtt.
called ax the Corcoran home- When they
rantJ lhe ItII Corcoran cailod. "Who Is
there?" "tl\p- M«?nie and yuur mother."
n-})J«ie(S Mrs. Oori^tt.
■ Coj-comn : thrust l~.:s head out of the
A.tnr *Vi» <i/»t »)»nf h« nac nt.
AGUINALDO NOT
YET HEMMED IN
Major Swigert Says He
Is at Pazarrubio.
Bp»C.al Oable to Ti.t Call «rl th* New Ttlc
JlenJJ. Cciljr.t l t. !SJS. lv Jusei G
BeitiMt.
MANILA Nor. IS.— The l*t<*«t Informa
tion a* to AgulT^ido's whervabouts come.'
from Major Samuel XL Swisert of the
TUrd Cavalry. Major Switcert reports
tliat he !s moving against the rebel gen
eral at P;»zarrut>h». This disposes of nil
rumors as \<> AprulnaMo being .at Pagu
pan r.r..l heir.ua<*U in by our forces, as
Wzarrubta if outylde the line drawn by
our tri.»ci>.*.
G*n<>ral Mac-Arthur, with the Thiny
*lxth -Infantry, a l»aUAJion ft Die Seven
teenth Infantry, a tr<>.,p of th<» Fourth
Cavalry. s«-\4-ral Gatllcca a:i<l a. detach
tiiciu of the Sijrnu.l Corp*, has begun Ms
:...rthi\ar.l advance from Tarlac, which
will be contimu-d to BayamtKiCK, jtrovlnce
of New Vis- ay a. . . .
MAJOR tOGArfS BODY
RESTS IN PHILIPPINES
■ ■
•
: r
1
. s. L.O-
VOTE OF LOUISVILLE
MAY BE THROWN OUT
Presence La at the Polls on
:■■
EOUTSYItiIJE. Nov. IT. A- question
which In like); to have an important. If
not a' a>cldii;g/lnflutjnc*e.von .th«. contest for
lite 'Govern. i>Kip- 'of • Kentucky., wa-s ■
brought' "J* io-day by. the canvassing
boar.d! of J«jr.ert-on- County, which includes
L«ouikVllle. ' '. Cvqiise'l for .x!)<? l^enxocratic'
candid .it ay jpaxe notli*e : of a imrtion to
thrttvt out ■thc.vot* ! uf the cuy.- because of
the^pirrsenV-e'-.ot niiliila. at the polllng
plmCCil On Novcfnbcr 4.
'l't:t tiotlca : < i :•■•: on the commission
ers say?:
"Fur lit* l**tr.ocratle candidate* we now
Cive'rwure lliat'nt :the eUJM of the count,
and .before any certificates be. Issued we
will move the b<j.':rd :alid all of Its au
thoriti'-? tlmt m:>y .consider this' election
to.^lcr'aTe iiull and f&3 the>'ect(on held
In th^ city of JL,oulsviUo on tlie tth day
ofKovernber. ■:s:O. # j '. • •..
Amonjj' tlif-cauMS .enumerated for this
X'ro])«jt>..d action ar<> iky following:
*'liic;iu>«? of th"« 'usxirpation ol VVilliaxn
O. lira»]l«'y. fn oaliln*; out aud illcKally us-
Inß the n.!. it:. i and overawing aud- Intim
idating the Voter* and oflicors of and at
6aJd <-lecllon, alid Interferlntr with the
pro«rer» of .s.iid election aad with the
duties of tlie officer* of paid election.
"■Because the said uho of the Paid mUftla
was unlawful in every reipect 'and « crim
inal usurpation of powef by •■.in* named .
I)»TBoni. and thereby the civil power was
subordinated to the military power, and
an .overt act of . a treasonable nature
against the constitution of Kentucky was
committed."
"This action haa I oen expected ever since
tha official oount nrpan. It w:ts freely re
ported on electron day that If the militia
was called out it would result In som«
>uch step. With I^oulfviUe thrown out.
Goebol would havo-n safe plum',f\y in th«
remalms«T of th<» Stnt«». This dispute will
jir.'lont? and aggravate the ficht.
Th« ofllrial. count was rooeived • night
from Floyd and. KtK.tt cuntips. • Floyd
griven <J<*-b. 1 Is*i and Knott given him 459
plurality. In th.' last iabulat»tl ■ turn?;
printed V.VdrnMay m.irnirj; from lirmo
■rratlc, sourocs (joebr-rs plurality In the
Btato was ftjrurod at pne vote, in this
Uible noyd <un<>fnrlnlt pave Onebel 4<ft
plurality and Km.tt 4X» plurality. The
ofTlrlaJ returns from the?<i twu countfea
■bow a net lost of 224 from the unofficial.
- • . . . ♦
SOLVES THE PROBLEM
OF STEERING BALLOONS
Frenchman Goes Up in kC -ar-Shaped
Onftl tls Held Completely
Under ControJ.
Fpeclai CaWe tr> TJie Cull and N>w York Her
ald. OoryrUMed. IS^<?. by Jatne* Onrdon
!i»nn»tt. • ,
I'ARIS. Nov. 17.— M. Pantos-Dumont.
member of . the Automobile and Aero
clubs. Bwrni to have solved the problem
of ft'-erlnj; lnlloons. He made an ascent
on Monday that convinced the most skep
tical rpectator*. He wont up at Van
guard :u»i IVrst directed his course toward'
the' Eiffel Tower, which he encircled, then
turned off west, thoußh a southwest wind
«U5 blowlnp at the time, nnd finally came
down near Moulin at Ba&.itelle In the.
Hols de Boulogne. : .
M. Santos-Dtmnnt'fl balloon Is dcar
ehaped and has a volume of five hundred
cubic mcterf. . It ' Is provided with a
petroleum motor for a screw at the stern,
which only works when the !>alloon Is po-
Jni; fliralnstthe wind.. All the power In
the. motor !s thus reserved for modifying
the direction of the balloon 4n spite of
ocrial currents.
LL Santofc-Duaiont is said to have ax
tired in his nightgown, and closed the
door aKiith, saying, Wai; Just a minute.
Mamie. •
Th<"' jwo women opened the door and
step}xd into tiit 1 hallway. Just then three
Btaota "were" heard; followed by screams,
in the panic the two men darted out
at the dootway and ran down the street
Renaming at the top of their voices.
Hurrying to an adjacent drug store word
wa.« sent to the Fiftieth street and Hyde
l';irk Police Station. An appalling; slsjlu
irreet-.-u the ryes of the police ofllcers
when. they -entered the Corcoran flat. In
the iiist bedroom, .just'oti the parlor, was
the body of Margaret-. lyinK in a mass of
blood at the head of ■ •.-■ bed, while at the
foot lay John, unconscious and breathing
heavily. In the room to the rear Cor
coran'? . body was found, on the floor,
while tha4.-of the-baby, LiZZle, reclined on
a j'illow. .• A revolver lay near Corcoran's
z'tzhx hand.. Five of the chambers were
empty., .• •
Every "no .of the wounds with the excep
tion of'Rau-'g wa-s behind the ear. Kate
was «hot in' the left -temple. The police
removed- Kate and John to the Mercy
H^Fjiiral a:id litter .the baby. Lizzie, who
\\nti *'A\] breathing, was taken there.
John died within half an hour after his
arrival at the hospital axid no hopes were
held out for the recovery of the others.
Evidence of O<ircr>rah's' Intention to kill
his children were seen in' the room, empty
xvhisky and wine battle* showing that he
had Riven the children liberally of the
liquor ar>4 itupeQed them. Corcoran was
Injured abopt three years a£u In a col
limn with a came enr while driving a mail
wapnn. IILs lee was broken and his
brain was jiiT-^ted. tt is said. Six months
a^o Corcoran*! wife, the dauphter of Mrs.
tyTen; became lr..«anc and since then has
beep an Inmate of the asylum at Kan-
Icakee. • .
Tho only child to e*cape injury was
Marion. 1»5 years old. who I* at the hos
pital r.urslriff her brother Clifford.
rarped beforehand with friends for a de
sceju at Bagatelle, lie has also mud« a
l>»t tlmt in a short time he will go op In
his l>alloon aud com* down upon the roof
ptir.Vn of., the Automobile Club,, in the
Fkice de ]a' Concorde.
CHICAGO BUILDERS
ISSUE AN ULTIMATUM
Will Practically Refuse to Recognize
Trades Unions After Jan
■ " vary 1.
CHICAGO. Nov. 17.-Tho Chicago con
tractors and builder*, who have long been
threatening a war upon the trades unions,
which are charged with unduly hamper
in? builclng operations in Chicago, issued
*n .ultinvitum to-night s-tatlng the terms
upon which labor must meet employers
:i!!.-r January next- They announce that
tli.y will refuse to recognise any llmlta-
Uon as to the amount of work a man
shall do in a day; also any restriction an
to th- use of machinery; that they will
not permit interference with workmen
during w.irkinc: hours; that there shall be
no symjvrthetic strikes; that no restric
tions as Co the use of any manufactured
material, txcept prison made, will be re
coßnlzod, and that unions snail not pro
blbtt the employment of apprentices.
Forty distinct associations of employ
er?, representing practically the building
interests of the city, have signed this ulti
matum. • > ■
When this declaration wan presented to
the p.uildirrß Trades Council .to-night >L
was r«f«>rred to the committee- on arbltra-
Uon without discussion.
FORD FILES SUIT
AGAINST ALAMEDA
Seeks to Recover Money Alleged to
Be Due the State for Caring
for Children.
KAMKNT" '. N v 15 • | gen
eral Tlrey 1. X plaint
] in the Superior Court in a suit of State
Controller E. P. Colgan against Alameda
Crtunty for ?703'1; allegetl to be due the
State from that county for the care and
maintenance of certain Inmates In the
California Home for th<? Care and Train
ing- of l->eble-mlnded Children. A claim
for. tlie amount sued for was filed with
the O«unty .Clerk of Alameda County in
June of t-hjs year, but the Board of Super
vl»ors continually neglecting to pass upon
the claim, this neglect was construed by
th«s. Controller as a rejection, and he or
dered the "suit to be brought.
•Similar- suits have been filed against
Mnripofea County for $70, Mendocino
County for $&». Monterey County for $210.
San Ucnlto County for $710. Tchama Coun
ty for 11030 and Ventura County for $1710.
HEALTH AUTHORITIES
FEAR BUBONIC PLAGUE
Dr. Eldridg* Authorized to Employ a
Competent Physician to
Assist Him.
WASHINGTON, Nov. IT— ln speaking
to-night of the report that there was dan
ger of- the Introduction of bubonic plague
ir.to the United States, Surgeon General
Wyman ?ald:
• ; "fl i!« puttinp It too Ptronßly to Fay that
the Marine Hospital service is much
alaimcd over the possibility of the intro
duction of plague from Japan. Neverthe
less ■•••• Is necessity for unusual vigil
ance '-because of a cable message received
three days ago from United States Sanl
tnry Inspector Eldridgft at Yokohama,
stating that the plague prevails In epl-
rnlr form at Kobe. I wired Dr. Eldridg*>
to appoint a capable physician, to instruct
him In th« enforcement of • the United
States quarantine regulations and assign
him to duty In the office of the United
States Consul at Kobe. This is merely to
assist the Consul. ' .
1 My last advices from Hongkong report
a practical cessation of plague at that
port, where the regular office of this aery-
Ice Is stationed."
LATTER DAY SAINTS
OPPOSED TO ROBERTS
Strong Resolutions Passed at the Con
ference of the Southern Cali
fornia District-
SAX BERNARDINO. Nov. 17. -The con
ference of the Reorganized Church of
Jesu* Christ of Latter Day Saints. Just
cJosfd-.here, pasted the following re»olu
tlon:: ,
"Be It resolved by this, the Southern
California District of the Reorganized
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day
Balntf In conference assembled, that we
»:arrn-utly protest against the allowing of
our national banner to float over any
territory thai permit* the sacred laws of
marrlnße to be violated, and that we pro
test a«alnst any person being allowed to
take o feat In the halls of the Congress
of the T'nlted Slates who Is knowingly
guilty of adultery or polygamy." ~ - i
WILL SIGN TUESDAY.
Jeffries and Corbett Arrange for
ZV&J Their Meeting.
NEW YORK. Nov. 17.— A match be.
tween James J. Jeffries, the champion
heavyweight pugiliHt. and Jim Corb«tt
nx-chamjiion. wnr, arranged to-day in-.'
twecn . Corbett personally and Vv a
Urady for Jeffries. The articles will be
sirred next Tuesday. • ■
Jeffries will have the fixing of the date
of tbe boat
♦
DUSE CRITICALLY ILL.
NEW YORK. Nov. 17.-A Journal cable
gram-.from Vienna says Eleanora Dune
the famous actress. Is there seriously. lll
with, inflammation of the lungs. Should
-li recover, her physicians say that she
will not be able to appear on the stage
apaln for a Ion? time,. • ■
Her condition Is pronounced so -critical
that there are- many odds against' her re
covery.
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 18. 1899.
CHURCHILL REFUSED TO
ESCAPE FROM THE BOERS
After Having Been Carried Out of Danger He Picked
Up a Rifie and Returned Alone to
Attack the Enemy.
ESTCOTJRT, Natal. Nov. 16.— A correspondent who has Just visited the Santorlum Hospital says all the armotvd
train wounded are doing well.
Captain Wylle, in an Interview, oald Sergeant Tod deserves special menMon for having surrounded him with bowi
<Vrs to protect him from the rifle fire when lying wounded an«l helpless, r ><1 even lay down beside the officer to
'ilm up. A shell landed amourf the protecting bowlders. BD&ttertng them with earth, but Cnptaln Wylle sustained
no further Injury. But for Tod he won: n kill.d. Beveral men escaped marvel :>us«ly. When Winston t'hurch
111 requ.-Med Captain Wylie to call for volunteer! to remove the .ipset trucks bullets. It Is said, were dropping on tne
train '•like ruin." The m<>n throughout stuck to their work, res] tog to the noble example set by Churchill and LJeu
tenant Frankland until the lino was etear.
Churchill actually l»«ft with the engine, but he got out at the next Btatlon. There he took, a rifle from a soldier,
saying he could not leave the wouml.il, ;tn.l walked away in th<- direction of the Boers.
Sergeant Ha»sett of the Dublin Fus.;..-rs behaved with the greatest guilantly. He took charge of the firing
party and Stood up unflinchingly during the Boers' hot fire. His example electrified the Fuslleers, who kept the Boers
at bay by volleying.
CaptSin Haldane fell early In »he engagement, shot through the shoulder.
.Lieutenani Frankland's conduct is highly praised. He exhibited great coolness during the critical period. He Is
reported missing.
Copeland of -Che Purbnn volunteers was crushed to denth by the derailed track, and Godfrey, a plate layer, was
shot Ihrougi id, but ..- doing well. Lieutenant Alexander had an exciting experience. A Fusileer who bad
beta WOttnded In the arm by a shell which shattered the limb, swims around and hit Alexander In the neck. aJmnst
smothering him with blood. The sh> 11 burst In front of the lieutenant on a level with hl3 face, and he staggered
bli::d<-d for a moment. The next instant h^ .-saw hie cmrade lying dead at hie feet, while he himself was unharmed.
Private Knvanagh of the Dubllnß performed . work. When the Hritlsh firing line f«-ll back he time after
time rallied the men. volleyed and prevented the h<. rseshoe line of the Boern from enveloping the train.
uunrsmTH
SHELLED DAY
AND HICHT
Ootjttnurd from First Pur*.
continually demonstrating their superior
! cunning.
The official account of the disaster to
the Esicourt armored train, showing that
i a hundred missing men are now probably
! already on their way to Pretoria to swell
the large number of British prisoners al
ready there, besides a score of wounded,
. demonstrates, it is claimed, that the Brit
ish must have encountered big odds, as
I all accounts agree that the small British
force fought with the utmost bravery.
Winston Churchill's brilliant behavior is
compared with the gallant action in th«
; Tirah campaign which won Lord Fincas
tlr, there also acting as a newspaper cor
respondent, the Victoria Cross. The rail
road men of Estcourt have already for
j warded a dispatch to the general manager
j of the railroad expressing admiration for
i the coolness and pluck of young Church--
I i11,. t0 whose c Hurts they attribute the
i raving of the engine ' and tender and
' wounded, and asking. the manager to con
vey their admiration for the brave man.
There are rumors of another disaster to
an Eateourt train, and it is reported that
twenty-five volunteers who formed the es
cort are missing. There is no continua
tion of these reports.
When drflnlte news from L»adysmith Is
available ?t will doubtless be found that
i the- garrison has been having a lively
time. Nevertheless, not much credence
should be paid to the stories of train
loads of Boer wounded taken toward
j Pretoria as the result of the crushing de
feat at the hands of the British. Experi
; ence has shown that those Kafllrgrams,
even though emanating from missionaries,
, are not . trustworthy. However, there
seems no doubt that there have been some
sharp- affairs. Heavy rifle firing, follow
ed by an explosion, was heard in the di
rection .of I>adysmith before daylight
j Thursday, indicating a night surprise, and
i possibly tije explosion of a magazine.
The transports, officially announced to
day as having arrived at Capo Town, car
ried the following troops:
The Malta— Mounted Infantry Reserves
and the Coldstream Guards, total 75 of
j fleers and ILB7 enlisted men.
The City of Vienna— cavalry brigade
staff. Twelfth lancers and a field hos
pital; total, IS Officers and 310 men.
The City of Cambridge— The Second
Scottish Rifies and a field hospital; total,
40 officers and 9£5 men.
A dispatch from Pretoria gives the Min
ister of Mines interim announcement of
| the gold output for October as a total of
■ 17.545 ounces, against 426,556 In September
and 452.108 in August. The dispatch adds,
i somewhat Ironically, that some of the
companies have not worked the full
month.
The Standard and Diggers' News an
i nounces that 6000 Boers are marching
I through Zululand. It says that a deserter
• from I^adysmlth reports some anxiety
among the troops to escape, and that the
provisions are loaded on wagons ready for
the flight of the British.
BRITISH READY TO
TAKE THE OFFENSIVE
LONDON, Nov. 17— The admiralty an
nounced this evening the arrival at Cap*
Town to-day of the troopship Arcana,
with a battalion of the Argyll and Suth
erland Highlanders (the Princess Louise's
regiment;, bringing the reinforcements up
to 22.500. of which 7290 have already dis
embarked at Durban with eighteen field
guns, a number of machine guns, engi
neers and hoHpltal troops, as well as 700
mules.
This force, with that already between
Eau-'iurt and Durban. Is considered suf
ficient to enable General Hlldyard to ad
vance and to take the aggressive against
the Boers south of Ladysmlth.
According to the latest advices, I^ady
smltli la holding out satisfactorily, every
thing having been well up to Wednesday.
In view of the Boers" destruction of
bridges, the War OHlce has Issued order*
for the shipments of a quantity of brldga
work between tliis and the end of the
year. •
It Is reported that the British Govern
ment has purchased the Creusot khms
ordered by the Transvaul Government,
but not delivered. An official dispatch
confirms the statement that Captain J.
A Haldane, of the Gordon Highlanders,
attached to the Dublin Kuslleers, and
Lieutenant Frankland and thirty-seven
r.on-cummlssloned officers and men ">f tl.f
lmblln Fualleers are missing. Captain
Haldane distinguished himself by his ser
vices In India, for which he received the
D 8. O. (Companion Of the Distinguished
Service Order). He was wounded at
Flandßlaagte also.
LAST MESSAGE FROM
LIEUTENANT CHURCHILL
Rlf YORK, Nov. 17.— A dispatch to
the World from Estcourt. Natal, gives the.
laat cable from Lieutenant Winston Spen
cer Churchill before his capture by the
Boera. The dispatch saya:
'"About five hundred Boers have arrived
at Chievely Station. They blew up the
railway line there with dynamite, retiring
on aeelnic a mounted Infantry patrol and
•othpr patrolling parties. The Boers ».re
reported to-day to be aouth of the Tugela
rttver, which runs through Colenso.
"Keports from Weenen, about twentj'
miles northeast of Estcourt, indicate that
it Is possible that an attack Is intended to
be made upon this place. (This undoubt
edly refers to the movement of General
Sehalkburger's commando, which has
'•■' reported as a. lining from the
Transvaal through Zululand upon the
capital of. Natal in the rear of the British
troops penned up in Ladysmlth.)
"The troops here were sleeping In their
. boots and the utmost vigilance Is main
tained, but general confidence prevail*
that In the grassy (open! country any
Dutch attack can be repulsed.
"The situation is much clearer through
out NataL
"Further efforts to signal at Ladysmlth
but the Boer heliograph acknowl-
I them, buying, 'Will l>e with you to
morrow.'
ISritlsh reply was much shorter.
"LIEUT. WINSTON CHURCHIU*"
WOUNDED PRISONERS
TAKEN TO PRETORIA
[Spool.- 1 Cab!* to the »w York Herald. Copy
rlKl.t, Kj9. by Janw Oordon Bennett. Ha
publication of this dispatch li proh'.Mi-i
All rights reserved In the United State* and
Great ■ .In]
BBTOOURT. Nov. 17 -An ambulance
train which went forward this morning
to try to ri-cover the wounded returned
here nt noon ami reported that the enemy
refUMd to return our wounded or furnish
any Information bejrond stating that
then wvre three killed and twelve wound
ed, uli of »!;»ni wcrn with the prisoners
they wore sending to Pretoria.
■ hundred Boera have beea ?een close
to Ennersdale. Eatooun is perfectly *afe.
November IS.— A slight cannonading was
beard la :: I n of Ladyvmlth this
morning. The I making DO up
parent movement to attark Bstcoart.
Yesterday's losses In the armored train
engaKement have been ascertained to bo
In, wounded or missing: Dublin Fusiliers,
Certain-- Jli//»^ne. attached; lieutenant
Pranklandt, • and . forty-five men;. Durban
light Infantry, Captain Wylie and twen
ty-four men.
GENERAL WESSELS SENDS
A NOTE TO CECIL RHODES
[Special Cable to th* N«w York Herald. Copy
right. ISM, i>y James Gordon Bennett. R e
publicatli n of this dispatch Is prohibited.
All rights reserved In Ui« United State* and
Groat ltrltaln.J
KIMBERLEY, Nov. 16 (by dispatch
rider to Capo Town).— is well hero.
There has been no further bombardment.
A call driver who has been released by
the Uoers had a long Interview with the
Boer oonmandaat, General Weasels, who
ClOBSly questioned him regarding the
d>namlte mines surrounding Kltnberley.
As the man would give no answer he was
placed in Irons, together with six troopers
of the volunteer horse, who had been cap
tured while on patrol duty. The next
morning tln> c omm.uidant ga%-e warning
that all future prisoners would be shot.
and r.-:<-.iv,.i k,,. , ;t t, driver. He ordered
tli^ others to be s<»nt to Bloemfonteln.
al Weasels nald:
"Tell OeeU Rhodes I shall take Wes
seißton mine next Tuesday and then he
mum stand the whiskies."
BULLER REPORTS THE
ESTCOURT DISASTER
LONDON. Nov. 17.— The War Office has
rooMved the following dispatch from
General Butler:
"CAPE TOWN. Thursday. Nov. 16. even
lng.-Ha.va received from Hlldyard, Pie
teCTnarltsburs;, a telegram dated Novem
ber 15, of which the following Is the pur
port:
" "The officer commanding the troops at
Estcourt reports at midday that an ar
mored train left Estcourt this morning
I with a company of the Dublin Fuslleers
and a company of the Durban volunteers.
North of Frere they encountered a party
!of Boers and began to withdraw. While
retiring some of the trucks were derailed.
The Dublin* turned out and advanced to
ward the enemy, while the rest of the
train appears to have returned without
them to Estcourt.
" 'The officer commanding the troops
reports that he was sending mounted
troops In order to cover their withdrawal,
but that about 100 are missing.' "
_
CONCENTRATING FOR THE
ATTACK ON KIMBERLEY
LONDON, Nov. 17— Mafeking ha« re
sisted the Boers so successfully that Gen
eral Cronjo is now reported to be direct
: ing his efforts against Klmberley. It la
now known that the relief movement to
, ward Klmberley commenced some time
; ago.
The Ninth Lancers, Northumberland
Fusiliers, Munster Fusiliers and part of
' the Lancashlres. who Borne time ago were
concentrating at De Aar Junction, were on
Saturday last within fifty miles of Klm
berley. It was this column which fought
the engagement on the 10th (Friday)
which resulted in the loss of Lieutenant
1 Colonel Keith-Falconer.
Everything Indicates that we are on the
evr- of very important developments In the
region of the Orange River and along the
line of De Aar Junction. Colesburg.
Burghtrsdorp and Allwal North.
NETHERLANDS REGRETS
THE SANGUINARY WAR
THE HAOT'E. Nov. 17.— 1n the Second
Chamber of the States General of the
Netherlands to-day the Minister of For
eign Affaire. Dr. \V. H. Beaufort, said:
'The Government infinitely regrets th«
RanKulnary war In South Africa and will
always be found willing to take advan
tage of all means which may conduce to
its termination. This good will Is not un
known to the combatants. Nevertheless
the Government does not think It desira
ble now to make public the steps that
have been taken or may he taken In the
future. The British Government l .
■ land that it doea riot desire th»
mention of foreign powers, and all p-.w*>rs
nave blthei I • cd."
The »tatement waa made in reply to
representations by the Bureau of the
Chamber.
CHEERED EACH SHELL
HURLED AT KIMBERLEY
KIMBERLET. Nov. 9 (via IJope Town.
Sunday. Nov. 12).— The Boers were busy
yesterday In throwing up fresh' earth
works. There has been do further bom
bardment. The De Beers mines are prac
tically closed. Thousands of employes
are now domiciled In the center of the
town and are being provisioned by the
Mayor's relief fund. The military au
thorities have ordered all civilians to give
up their arms and ammunition, with a
view of preventing irresponsible firing at
the Boers. in contravention of the laws'
of civilized warfare.
Natives report that Boers cheered each
shell as It was fired yesterday, believing
It meant destruction to Klmherley. The
Boers are now wearing khaki uniform <
and blue puggarees, making It difficult to
distinguish them from the British. Lo
custs #re appearing.
PRETORIA FORCE HAD
A NARROW ESCAPE
PRETORIA, Nov. 9.-The following dis
patch has been received from the Boer
.camp at ElandslaAgte, under to-day's
date:
"Ladysmlth has been completely en
circled by the Boer forces < >ur second
big gun was successfully placed In posi
tion »>n Buluwan Hill, In front of Lady
smith. The firing .if heavy guns cora
m«nreri' early this morning, with no cas
ualties to the burghers up to the present.
"Botha has heliographed from the south
of Ladysmlth that the British batteries
opened a heavy fire with big guns and
continuously dropped shells into the
works around Ladysmith. The Pretoria
force »v In a tight place, having taken
up a position commanded by the British
lira, which was mv hot that the petition
becnme untenable-. The British big guns,
however, saved the ■iiuatlon."
-♦ —
TRANSVAAL ARTILLERY
MANNED BY GERMANS
DURBAN, Nov. 17.— A gentleman who
was arrested at Juhannt.«berg and taken
to Pretoria ha*> arrived here via Delagoa
Hay. While at Pretoria he was confined
on the racecourse, with the military pris
oners, comprising fifty-two officers and
U7i non commissioned ofli<-«jr» and men
from Natal, ten officers and twenty-tive
non-conunlssioned offloers and men from
MafekliiK and four men from Fort Tull.
The prison guards were almost exclusive
ly Germans and the artillerymen manning
the forts were also mostly Germans. The
prisoners were well fed and were shown
every consideration. Most of the officers
were removed to more comfortable quar
ters In the town. ,
MOVE TO INTERCEPT
BRITISH ADVANCE
LONDON. Nov. 17.— A dispatch from
Lourenzo Marques Bays;
"A Pretoria n. wspaper announced last
WedMaday that -H.wu liurghers had left
General Joubert's lorces around .Lady
smith to Join Commandant iSutha's force
near EstCOUTt with a view of assisting to
ll)forc«|»t the British advance to the relief
of Ladysmlth.
"General Lucas Meyer, the Free State
commander, has asm-rted In the course of
an Interview that he Is convinced that the
battle of Elandslaagte will be the first and
laat Boer defeat of the year."
BRITISH CAPTURE
ARMS OF FREE STATE
CAPE TOWN. Thursday. Nov. 16.— 1t Is
reported from Colesburg that a quantity
of guns and ammunition belonging to the
Orange Free State and destined for Rich
mond, have been capiured by the BriUah.
Estcourt Awaits Attack.
ESTCOURT. Nov. 17-The Elmelo Boer
force has taken up a position near Kn
nersdale, a few miles north of here. They
have eight 7-pounders and two French
guns. Their strength Is 2000 men. They
have looted Henderson's store. All is
quiet here and ready for the enemy If It
attacks. There Is no anxiety.
Zulus Growing Insolent.
LONDON. Nov. 17. -Advices from Zulu
land testify to the growing uneasiness of
British residents, whose »tores are looted
by the Boers, with the result that the
Zulus themselves are growing insolent,
giving rise to the fear that they may at
tack the unarmed British population
Boer Agents Active,
LOURENZO MARwI/EZ. Nov. 16.-Se
cret service aKents are continually arriv
ing here from the Transvaal. A member of
the Orange Free State legislature ar
rived last night from Pretoria. It is be
lieved he is proceeding to Caps Town on
a mission, the object of which la un
known.
Wrecked Train Replaced.
LONDON. Nov. 17.-A special dispatch
from Durban Bays that another complete
armored train haa been sent to Estcourt
to replace the one disabled by the Boern
Wednesday.
Lord Methuen at the Front.
ORANGE RIVER. Cape Polony, Nov.
12.— General Lord Methuen, comman-ler of
the first division, has arrived here with
his staff from Cape Town.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC TO
BUILD INTO SAN DIEGO
Huntington Says a Branch Line Has Long
Been Contemplated — Pacific Mail
Steamers ' Again to Call The: c.
'■ „ <??. T ■„ J' *' ■ ~ C - P- n » n . . n «pn was asked by the correspondent «t
ahe Call to-day If there was any truth i, the report that the Southern Pacific Is
prepariw tO "attract a ■ branch Its S* n D!e*o. In reply he said:
we Jin W ° U .m 01 be J " 8 V" c d in- Making. positive statement to the effect lha ,
mf.ml/H 0 ", I 1I 1 , d f.» n «^°San-£>J^o. .Nether would you be In Riving an irn
n .nn. ;i denial to the rumor. The; B H«a^on Is just this: I have for a lon* time
t-lii IX nlnV,°n In V,° bU Uf -° b : a " Ch . Of - l"rl "r' :Soinii P rn Paclflc to San Diego, and had a
withal m r fn ent v° - MM * xlc «-. ,1 lf ? « cc that such a brunch line to connect
Thus ahnm if, ,1^ S?Th W ° Ul , d: na^ thtV ?ttn Jacinto Mbunttln. on the rlff^t.
Thus about fifty milts of the road would be wrthln the terrltnrv nf Ohl Me*Jro
and under her jurisdiction. But Inmy talk wit' IVe-WeS Dl 2 I w?, a-sored
■ .;,.;; :;••;■,;•;;.■„■.■.
ars?s?2Ssas sss^i Bt^Sis °- >.."•" ss
cJS SSSSKES • her San D1 "° °- lld a - ln * »•««• * of
ur^mV-^^^'v^'^^rri:^^ I^^ r;- '*&• ?r re
make San Diego a port of call, tho^h I am not at thl L " *2 l,° "*
tell you definitely/or hoir^i.^Vm^^iS^^^ ***"* ftb V°
FICKLE AH QUAY
CAUSES TROUBLE
Elopes With Her Lover
From Angeles.
Special Dlspatrh to The Tall.
ANGELS CAMP. Nov. IT -Th- local
Chinatown Is at a high, pitch of excite
ment and the trouble will probably sprrad
to other Chinese communities. The cause
of all this disturbance Is pretty .little Ah
Quay. Some time ago she went to. Tu r
lare to live and there she met How Toy.
an almond-eyed Celestial.', who married
her. Life In Tulare was too tame for. Ah
Quay and her Indulgent husband moved
to San Francisco, . where he. opened ; a
tailoring establishment at 10Q4 Duporit
Street. About this time Ah Tom, 1 .. .m
other Chinaman, with an eye /or beauty,
fell a victim to the Chinese maiden's lov
ing glances and shortly afterward they
shook the dust of the - metropolis from
their feet together and went to San An
dreas, this county, where the father of Ah
Tom la a prominent merchant. '.' Again Ah
Quay's love grew cold and she left her
lately acquired protector and went to
Sonora, Tuolumne County, and later to
this place.
In the haunts of Chinatown she reigned
as the belle. Her admirers were many
and more than once a bitter fight between
rival suitors was barely averted. This
was the case about three weeks ago
when the young Chlnamt-n who consider
ed themselves ellgil ■ for her smiles de
clared themselves, and for a time It look
ed as though a bloody battle would be the
outcome of their declarations. This state
of affairs has continued at Intervals ever
since, but the climax was reached lately
when her legal husband made his appear
ance among am. He expressed hw In
tention to regain his. lost spouse and take
her to his home In San Francisco.
It was only a matter of a short time
before Ah Qua.] was advised <■( How
Toy's Intentions, and abe prepared Aer
self to meet htm. She consulted with a
favorite lover. Lorn Loon, the Cook at a
hotel, and they decided that the place
was too uncomfortable for. them and they
would Keek more agreeable dimes. Mean
while the husband was bringing all this
Influence to bear to the end that he might
regain his wife. He proposed to her to
accompany him back to his home, but she
did not agree to his proposition. How
Toy was determined, and decided to use
force. He told of the great amount of
money Ah Quay had cost him and he
wanted satisfaction in some way. Stormy
Interviews took place between them fre
quently. Finally, on last Tuesday morn-
Ing. An Quay lied to her lover In dfftpsJr
and together Lorn Loon and his iWMt
heurt took ■ carriage and drove to Valley
Springs. From there they went to l. »il
and disappeared to the world. When How
Toy discovered that he had been outwit
ted he was furious, and started in hot
pursuit.
He has declared that he will recover his
lost property or wreak vengeance on the
head of the despoiler of his domestic life.
It la thought that he has invoked Jhe
assistance, of the highbinder element, nfM
the outlook is bad for Lorn Loon. . Ah
Quay Is a very handsome Chinese girl
and has attracted a great deal of atten
tion among the white people here. China
town Is In an uproar, although the wily
Celestials are apparently Ignorant' that
an elepement of more than ordinary color
has occurred in their- midst. .
QUARREL OVER LAND
ENDS IN MURDER
Charles Mautrhmor Killed by Clifford
Riggs, a Prominent Sheepraiser
in Idaho.
LJBWIBTON, Nov. 17.— A special to th*
Tribune from Cottonwood. Idaho, say*:
A traiccdy which resulted in the killing of
Charles Maughmor by Clifford Rlgejs. a
prominent pheep man and a mem of
the firm of Risks Br.»th.-rs. occurred this
morning near Maujhmor's farm, on a dis
puted tract of land, where Rings' sh»ep
were grazing. Maughmor, It appears, ac
companied by his brother, on horseback,
went to a point whore HI pics was estab
lishing a camp, and an old dispute re
garding possession of land was revived.
Hot words followed, and according to a
statement subsequently made by Rlgrs
Maughmor started to pull his revolver,
when he raised his rifle and flred. The
bullet entered Just above Mauxhmorn
heart and he fell from hi« horse, dying In
a short time. The dead man's brother
and an employe of Riggs were the only
witnesses.
Riggs later rode to Mount Idaho and
gave himself up to the authorities. He
says he acted In self-defense. Rlggs' home
Is In Lewiston, where he is well Known.
SECURE CASHIER AND
BLOW SAFE OPEN
Daring and Successful Bank Robb«ry
Perpetrated by Two Men In a
Kansas Town.
KANSAS CITY. Nov. 17 -A Star special
from Barker. Kan* . says: At 2 o'clock
this morning two masked men broke Into
the Parker State Bank, and binding and
gagging Cashier Slaughter, who slept In
a rear room, blew the safe open with dy
namite. securing $1500. Then they stole
two horses and escaped, with a posse In
pursuit.
Dr. Parkoi'a Cout*i> ■ ure One dose will atop
a emiKh Nev«r falla Try It. ttc All flrm«lata.»
44 A Miss is As
Good as a Mile*
If you are not entirely <wett. you Are (R.
Illness does not mean death's door, his
a sense of 'weariness, a " ttred feeing" a
life filled tuith nAmeless pains And suffer-
ing, h 90", of c&ses the blood is » blAme.
Hood's SdrsApJtrilU is NAtwe's corrective
for disorders of the blood. If/member
ANNIVERSARY DINNER
BY PIONEER CALIFORNIAN
Captain Dodge, Now of Roxbury, Cel
ebrates the Day of His Depart
.";.. ure for This State.
TON. No 17.-Jun fifty y.ars agn
Jast Sunday the little .t,,p, a 1l pchooncr
Civilian of onrr ICS tons trardeo and com
manded by Captain Thomas Dodge of
Chatham, galled away fivm Flskes Wharf
for. California. Her deck were crowdej
with men. Among them was Thomna
uayw'ard. Who now resides In Roxbury
and who fa one. of the six of sixty pas.
sengers now. known to be living. To-day
he celebrated the event by a dinner ac
bis home In iKockvilto Park.
. The voyage: around th* Horn to th*
Golden. Gate occupied Ml days. Including
t££' U *vi R V) J * nl * ro f " r provisions and
watpr V,'^ r - HaVward «ays that men wer*
In s\ueh demand In Bun 1-Yunrlsco that
tnoj^wno cimld me- saw off a boar I
or drive, a nail received Jl<> a day, and
good mechanics received much larger
wftges.^ At that time tho nandlots were
covered with shanties and tents.
Mr.Hayward has hocn thi» treasurer fop
many years of thf Society, of C'ailfornU
Pioneers of New Kngland. and Is alwayj
present at the monthly meeting*, when
the former gold-hunt*-rs of IS4D recall tho
dangers and the pleasures, the Joys ana
the griefs, of long ago.
• ■ " ' ■
RESIGNATION NOT ACCEPTED.
Mr. Damon. Hawaiian Minister of
Finance, Will Serve.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17. TIM President
has refu.«ed to accept the resignation of
Mr Damon, the Hawaiian Minister of
Finance, and that official will remain In
office at least until such time as Congress
provides for A system of government for
the Hawaiian Islands. Mr. Damon's
resignation was tendered at a time when
he was In Italy, seeking to secure the
emigration to Hawaii of Itallnn laborers.
Thl» pursuit was In the Interest of an or
ganization of planters and capitalists and
it was thought to be scarcely lining that
the Minister of Finance should engage In
such outside matters. The resignation
was tendered under those conditions, but
as. Mr. Damon has nines .terminated th«
connrctlon between hlnis»tfi «nd thw or
ganization referred to. tho reason for Its
acceptance at once disappeared.
Fire at Santa Clara.
SANTA CLARA. Nov. 17.— The hand
some two-stcry dwelling Just Inside th»
town limits of Santa Clara, the property
of Mr.-*. Annie Kail, was burned to ifi.»
ground Wednesday night. The loss I*
estimated at between S4OOQ and MOO.
There was no Insurance.
SUDDEN
COLLAPSE
SPASMS
(rudden 1 » ■ . jM^
feellnirsof l*s*?. ; * } <■' \l^-ZJ£=f-
exhaust 1 011) |--— .f 5 U>~ Ai^=^ -
denote jir^^tl r ! •£: ' -i ==" I
nunibon * if ~ 4. 'V
| when th. \1 ■ , / f
, "*rv. • 3 v V
\S Mi - •
have been Al.A 1 .- > ) i /'/A J--tV=^>V*O
and* ™ WPM^^" V
you are now —^z^-*- J
■ad and ' "' .
sober, Unnatural fear» take r-">"«»««1on ef your
mind. Your utrenrth Is m your appetite
■Mr; your back pains you and la weak. Yoa
cannot sleep, and awake In the morning tired
and unretreened. You have rtlity spells. *.
pale, thtn I**-*, your hands tremble. . Perhaps
your •art flutters, and you have smothering
rpelli*. You are weak and easily exhausted.
Your liver may be Inactive, your buwels con-
| attpAted.
For all these weak-nerve conditions yoa want
HI'I'TAN HfI'VAN strengthens the nerves
and glv-a recuperative rapacity to all th« cr-
gan* Of the body. lIUPYAN rivea strength,
enerry. health, to all nervous men and women.
HI "I VAN creates rosy complexions and nub-
l!«hes health en a permanent basis. Hi:[)TAN
cures all the above symptoms.
Ott HUDYAN from your druggist: iOr a pack.
age. six packages %i 50. If your druggist ■! n
not keep it. send direct to the Hudyan Rem«dy
Company, corner Stockton, Ellla and Market
slteet*. San Francisco. Cal.
You may consult Hudyan doc-
tors— Free of charge. Call or
write.
1899— TftXES-1899
NOTICE IS HEREBT GIVEN THAT THE
first Installment of Real Estate Taxes and all
unpaid Personal Property Taxes will b* delin-
quent and li per cent a-tfSed on ] MONDAY.
November 17. at • o'clock a. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER BATCH-
DAY EVENINO. NOVEMDETt IS. •• ••
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS, November 24 and 23. from t to 1
o'clock. .
EDWARD I. StIEEHAN, .
Tax Collector of the City and County ot Baa
Francisco.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
y^ffv no x ot d i :\ va in: i>o not Buf ■
jT}~a»i^V trr lMns*r'. Tfct V'T. »ntl •mnltioni of
rrf "^ipQ '"" ** n b«r*wtor#Jto you. TK« »»ry
bSf JFfl »orjtc«««-«of >rr»f>u« Ui-Mltly «r»
»PS* DO 51 OT DfMMIR! l-.-n-.t Suf-
fer I...in«r' I t.c ! j• ai ! aaollioiu of
life can b» r*»t..r.-J t ,  «, r .
wor-t <•«»••> r \rr» 011. llrMMly • •
alkw>lutelT cure«l or ri.KKH M)
«>\ Jfj-,A'VA IXl.r.'r*».Oi»» rromitrrll»f tv In-
\tVv _ ZA-J'omnia falling m«mory »nil th« »••(•
«nil dr«ln of vital p.iwtr«. tncurrcj by
*\*t\i\,3B' Indiscretions oretceiiei of early years.
•" Impart »i«or an: toe*er} fuoo-
lion. Brace op tbe lyitem Hire .^>s bloom to til*
cneeks and lustre to the e»e« of/j<i\i»uat or old.
. One 50c box renews vital energy tvllJc boiea .i
f»■io » com plrf toed fiir«W Ttr ■"• money *•
funded. Can b« carried In ve«l >*rf^ pocket Bold
• *erj w&eie, mailed plain wrapper on retain* of
price by T.I riKMCTO Co.. i.in. BU«.. Caleaf*. Hl>
Bald by Owl Drug Co.. 8. T. aad Oa«Ua«VSAMOAN BELLES SEEK
FOREIGN HUSBANDS
Here Is a Chance for Unattached and
Unemployed Americans to Obtain
Homes and Wives.
TYPES OP HALF-CASTE S A MOAN MAIDENS.
API A. ..Samoa, Oct. 31.— f lic weather here the past few months has been
excellent for .the prawth of.cac ao and for the reduction of copra a large
ROd vtilUa.bl« crop of .the latter having Just-been sold. The cacao plantations
ail ow.f the islands nn»* looking «reH and promise great results.
It ma>' noi I>e known in the I'niteri States, but it Is a fact that land can
ho. readily acquired hope nt extremely low rate* on leases of forty years'
duration, the. annual rental bHniC from 2.*. to M cents per acre. Within four
yearn a* ah. expense of about j.v» per acre Bay man of ordinary capacity can
hme a plantation «hat wljl yield him annually from *™ to Jl'oo per acre net
A JittiA plate "containing under eight acres situated just out of Apia last venr
yielded Its owner $925 net. beside* he has been able to pasture several hoists
and.etm-* under the^racao trees as well. There are excellent openings here
for younjrjptin .^omlnjj Into the country *nch with from ISM to $1000 in ca«h
■prepared ta ga Into Qacao.-. Schools tind churches are good and fairly well at
•
Hordes this, r.t thepresent ilme Apia: seems* to be pretty well suppHed
with some cxceeainicij- Ji«a«tifut and well educated half-caste piris who would
make eXC«Uest.;wtres.for th.» ri«ht sort of young men. Many of these pirls
are daurtt.r*' of .well-to-do parents, and DOta few would be able to sfirt out
nirvly as far an funds and po«,d looks were to he iounted. Th. -. Kir'- are
-•ill unwiJlir.c t.» marry native husbands, and there are certainly not enouch
foreigners to prt round. Generally our Pamoan and half-caste tfrls make
rxcelicnta^d faithful ,wiv«s. and. unlike the natives of Spanish-American
cwnlntries.tliey. hold. th.lrfTQod looks for many years. "
...Therein very: little ojioninc here for person * irrivius without funds and In
Fearch of.empioyniont. At present we «r« short of good carpenters and could
rmpJoy wvornl.w«Te. t*i» yat Jianfl. Wages art. about » per day The Healv
Tibbitts <*«ninny has been notified to pay. duties on all goods' Imported by
them except such material a? was to be used In th* construction of the Knifed
States. O.-,vernmrnt: -works at P.^o Paw. This company has endeavored to
<vade th.se fluilw Quire unsucivMfu Ur.-pretending that the stuff it imported
shnTjld.be-let in duty fr^e As U after ward, opened n small shop and under
tn-.k tor. tall most J^ oft at cut prl ces ■ the traders naturally objected to
havinjr Fuch an opposition set up. Hence the- Collector of Revenues has .ll
mandM that this; company pay duties just as other dealers do and .hit if
it/proposes to.entr.r-into.a.tra<3!nK. busings and sell goods it take out a trading
It is learned that satisfactory progress Is being made with the wharf in
Paco Pa K <». and that, though many of tlie m-n are dissatisfied with th"l
ncr in which they.. are btin R treated, they are likely to stay on until th. work
TAMASESE TRIES
TO MAKE TROUBLE
Freely Issues' Orders to
the Natives.
»
• '■' Fi^laJi Cnrrr»i>ondfnc« of The. Call.
APIA. Samoa, 6cL. .31.— Mat tors. 'In
Samoa hay* boon fairly quiet, during the
/I>ast mniuh. thoußh. for a tt-w .A-\-3 it
ai« If w«« Were to l>^ '-tro.i.^.d to
wnnthvr s'rious dlsturbanocj \\>n the
■ComvaiiiAoißen ■ ; wer«» h«;re- -.they' eri*
■ <!f > a\or<*tl to got nil- natives who- did not
actually bf-loriK in Apia [to fenjrtv^ .•• t»»
Jholr propor horp<*« at:d th^re r«ma!n-un-,
:il the powors had arrivod. at (rome^fTfp.'
iJTHtnt.ooncerntaf tbe :futur<2 ,Kov>ermnont
if the lpUnd?i •• '•':[• ;".,\: •'•;.;'.'.
. Tho Mataafa . party acJNjttrd thin:](bs;-1
Reetlon. bellevlns li v *■ » : .f':r :iii ;: x In."
. '•< rostß of all coper rnjv . .••.'••.'. . '
fThfy rrmovf-d to th>Jr'huni«>* ;and iVsivie
ADVERTISEMENTS. ov-r.-
noose work
."■>.:•:••■ v. ■ ■• ■• '. ■■ • ■";•"'
Seems easy to a man, but there is •
great deal of lifting and reaching to do ;
a great many trips up and down stairs to
make in the course of day's house work.
It's hard . where a woman is well. For
a woman Buffering with some form of
■ female trouble " it r— .. — 1
is daily torment. raV^L ff — \
There arc t!ions.-in<ls Qjfl^ V. J<<
of such wo in ell "^^Sa r* i"^
struggling alonr.day M9f V" t&\
by a*y t in increasing Si,^!^^ Jy
misery. There are Ktg^,, VV J^X
other thousands who g^ZT >-\ C %
have found a com- call H^ C. Z:
plete cure of their & Ujt, 'wWj^
<liv•a^e in the use of j *ktM , t|^~
Dr. Pierces Favorite utjjl | ' /*Jt£?L
Prescription. It J£LJ> f~*JsQs,
stops debilitating cvJIL y4|fl
drains, cures irregu- Inflf \<H &
laritv ht-alr. a:::- JBI/ \l £
nation a:s<i ulcera- *"VrT J ißfoft
tion, nourishes the •^y~ I JmpjL
nerve*, and gives J>f^yiHßS^S^'
vitality and vi^or. — * \BftHBBS^fS
It makes weak v*> /// fa
women strong and I/ ' w
sick wacnen well. It • / |L^
contains no opium, / Hj
cocaine nor other ! / ' Iss
narcotic. / »
"f'i»r a cra'.'r rf / / W
months I «ai:*rrrd with / / MB
female tronblr." ti - rite« // iW
Mis* Ara'« Kcr.otrne, WJ . J|
of X3JJ Jlank. St., Wash- I -. . _Ef
inft<m. I) C. -I turj E I&^SB&L
vaiiou* reiaedit-ik, bat ' * O»*Z3Wfcl
none wrmed to do tne any permanent rood.
The doctor* ««id it was the won* cafe of inter-
nal trouble thry ever had. I decided to write
to you for help. I received a very encouraging
reply, and comtnrtjced treatment at once. I
had not u»ed your • Favorite Prescription ' a
week before X brynn to feel better, and, as I
r-osMTiu't!. my health gradually improved. It is
improving every day
Dr.- Pierce"* Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay cost of mailing only. Send 21
one -cent stamps for a book in paper
covers, or 31 stamps in cloth, to Dr.
li. v. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
X^Sske ELECTRIC BELTS.
Sv^j\\ '/, 'v.'tL ■•■ /T^a^ 5 -'- ••-•rgei't n.anu-
D*>aL«s : fartur ' rt ln f h» t'nl-
>L^jW^VVir ? ' r^f./ '"' f "" 1 '" 5 - N " Quark*
■-/V^ '^ v ZZT For mrtirulam
-"\Jr~ «" or semi 2c in
•'J;*. »tampii fcr "nooklrt
Xo. I." A<Mre;i
Ml -! KLKCTRIC CO.. CO Market 8L I
Origin* Palace Hotel, S. F. " j
time th * r " almrlM con Unuousl y since that
1
amounted to an order, in X same'gooa
*?£%?**** r r maln «'d. until after t! • •
unuss tnoj did remove without furrh. r'•
humbug they would find that the com
■
'V" 1 F • he v. rv obenlr de.
Plar * d his intention of remaining no
"nVrarJ at . C ° minandß - wore given to' the j
He audaciously took up a position on i
the. main road 1.-ading to Apia from tiie ;
we.* which is by far the most Important I
inds. and there h'
efforts of The con
rtoner Consuls and t
rty.
Finding after a* time that he was not at- I
tra.ctlng enough- attention he Issued or- I
dors to. his followers thai some old cus- '
toms pertaining to the treatment of Sa- i
moan chiefs were to be revived and In
slsted on. Consequently all the natives '
approaching his house either going into I
or out of town were compelled to dis- I
mount and. lead their horses well past i
the_ place, before they mounted again. All |
umbrellas, had . to be furled until this
wretched house was passed, and all per- ■
sons'; carrying loads were compelled to 1
lower- them from the shoulder while go- •
Ing. by: :'■'••'.••■ •■ " .
: Ma.riy- protests were made to- the Con- '
pills, who from time to time tried to pre- !
vent theso things,, but were unwilling or I
Unable tor- use. force -Jn the matter. Things \
stood In .this unsettled "condition When i
the Consuls saw fit. to ask- the natives of i
.tU Samoa. to pay # tax •of $1 per head,
the. Mataafa '.party still being willing to
carr>' out ; the wishes" of the powers
agreed to pay Jhylr share., which would be
1 upward pf. thr*-o-quartoT\s of the hole
Twenty-two cblffs wen*, appointed to pro
ceed to Apia. and discuss the, matter with
the CjßnsulS' and arrange for a time and
place to pay. Ju the lar.ge. sum that whs
demanded of them
Arriving . here abotlt the 10th of the
month, they proceeded to" the property of
one of their .high chiefs. Faamina. to rest
themselves • «nd • make an appointment
with the Consuls for the following day.
Some. .of their attendants -'were sent t Into
town to get me bread and canned
meats, and with them wont ■ prominent
chief from.Savall named Pao 'On their
return from town .with their eatables they
wer<\ hailed from the Tamasose house to
lower theli loads and salute the great
chief. This" they declined to do, and they
were assaulted with sticks ' and stone;
Several. Including Pao.. wore- Injured and
all they were 'carrying wa« .destroyed.
Immediately nfter this It .was reported
that Tantasese had declared that the war
should recommence. Doth sides- mustered
. near town and a very serious state of
affairs existed, for some time, hundred* of
people blocking the roads- In their endeav-
I ors to transport their household belong*
I Inir« into Apia before the. trouble began.
I However, -calmer counsels prevailed and
the few T?inu chiefs soon, prevailed nri
Tamasese to come Into. town, where" tie
etnyed quietly -for several-days. :
On .the following day a trial wan held
before the 'native court and a number of
the Tamasese faction wore' sentenced to
thirty days' Imprisonment. This row had
•uich a serious appearance for a time that
It was proposed to organize the whites
Into a military organization for the pro
tection of the town. The foolishness of
I such a proceeding and its actual Jnutlllty
j were so apparent to the -resilient s here
' that no one volunteered and the whole
matter was dropped; ' , •• ,
Mataafa and the nrltv "i-tI chief* Were
not concerned in this affair and did not
I know of it until nome time afterward. ,
KING BREAKS DOWN.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 17.— Abram King, the
aged capitalist, on trial for forger ami
the footing or me estate of StephetrTTob^
Ron.'an incompetent; of whom he. was the
giwrdian. broke down and cried on the
witness stand to-day while giving testl
monv In his own behalf. -
H« denied he had forged I. C. W. Otto's
name to a bill for *•':•;. but said he might
have signed it at. Otto's request. King
stated he was 74 y»ars old and had lived
in San Jose forty-five years. His family
consisted of an Invalid wife and a daugh
ter. " At Juncture he wept. He wild
he had. i.ePh president of the Security
Savings • Bank. Associate Judge, Super
visor. School Director and Councilman.
An attempt was .made to show that
King was i>einK persecuted by certain
newspaper i men. but the court would, not
let the matter be Introduced. Many prom
inent businets men in the city have testi
fied to KinK I*1 '* good character.
Testimony In the case was completed
this afternoon and the argument will
commence Monday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1899.
BRYAN MAY GO
TO THE SENATE
Would BeNamedShould
Hayward Die.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LINCOLN, Nob.. Nov. 17.— Rumors
started upon the announcement that Sen
ator-elect M. L. Haywurd could not re
cover from his present paralytic stroke,
ih.it Qorarnor Poynter w^uui appolnt-\W
J. Bryan to nil the term between now
and the assembling of the next Legis
lature, one year hence, have grown. Mr.
Bryan is In the mountains of Southern
Missouri, but several telegrams of mys
terious Importance have been exchanged i
between Mr. Bryan and Governor Poyn
ter In the last twenty-four hours.
Another feature of the situation Is the!
presence In Lincoln to-day of former Sen
ator \V V Allen. He culled upon the
governor, but Ju«t what the purpose of
his trip wan Is not dear Then* is ne
doubt that Mr. Allen would view the ap
pointment ol Mr. Bryan to the position at
ii.is time very pleasantly.
Many fusion leaders here insist that
Bryan ought to be appointed at this time
and not wait until next year, when If he
is defeated for the Presidency he might
and undoubtedly would accept the posi
tion. His friends argue that he could
accept the position and use it legitimately
to promote his Interests as a Presidential
candidate.
N • oouiit i« expressed by either sl<i«*
that Mr Bryan will develop Into an ac
tlve Benatorfal candidate Immediately af
ter the elections next fall, provided he in
n.t elected to the Presidency. They ad
mli that This has been Mr. Bryan's plan
right along, ami it was to this end th.it
Holoomb was glv n the nomina
tion for Bupreme Court nn.l Senator Al
ccorded ;<n appointment to till th»
unexpired term of l>lstri<t .I\i<lKe in his
old honi" This removed all possible
rivals Still, talk of Bryan ac-ceptlnß the
appointment in event of the death of
Senator-elect Haywanl arouses a storm
of protests from friends of Allen, and
Allen has ■ strontr fnllowinp in Nebraska.
Independent of Rryan.
>..r tiayward cannot recover. He
not die for several days and may
live a week or so. but that is the limit.
MRS. GRIFFIN WAS
OF UNSOUND MIND
Testimony of Dr. Steph
ens and Others.
♦
Special PiFpatr-h to The Call.
PAN RAFAEL.. Nov. 17.— "You can't
bulldoze me. sir. and you might as well
cease trying. I have been on the witness
stand too many times not to know what I
nm doing. The woman was crazy, and
her own relatives knew It better than
anybody else."
These angry and emphatic words were
spoken by Dr. J. I. Stephens to-day while
testifying in the Griffin will contest In re
sponse t<« an attempt of Attorney Mullany
to browbeat bin Into an admission, that
certain statements the physician had lust
made were, not supported by facts. The
answer of Dr. Stephens, which provoked
the scene, was given to a question Incau
tiously asked by the lawyer for the dej
fendaut Mrs O Connor, and was of such
■ vital nature that consternation pre
vailed amonc the cohorts for the defense,
Attorney Mullany tried hard to rectify
tils error, hut merely succeeded In arous
ing the Ire of the witness oy his eavape
verbal assaults.
Dr. Stephens hi an assistant Police BUT
sreon of Ban Francisco, a member of the
Sonoma County Insanity Commission and
an assistant In the medical clinic of the
University of California. On account of
his high "professional standing the de
fendant's attorneys endeavored to dis
credit his testimony, an endeavor that
ended disastrously. The query of Mul-
Inny was hypothetical, the lawyer wish
inK to know" if Mrs. Griffin's delusion that
she saw the visions of her '• eased hus
band and daughter tended to show that
she was Insane.
"Without a doubt." was the ready an
swer "Everybody knew Mrs. Griffin was
mentally unbalanced, and her relatives
best of "all." . ,
As Mullany had asked th» question
for the <lefei.se and there bad been no
objection from the plaintiff** counsel the
answer hs 1 to stand. There were other
sensations sprung during the lad day of
the plaintiffs inning and Dr. Winn of
Tomales pgain made himself conspicu
ous by Ms failure to appear in court.
Dr Winn was arrested last evening at
Tiliuron by officer . Cottlngham on a
bench warrant issued by Judge Am/el
lottl and • n being haled before his Honor
promised to appear In court as a witness
for the ,-i.iintiff at 9 o'clock this morn-
Ing but failed to keep his promise. Af
ter' a consultation between plaintiff's
lawyers it was decided to carry on the
case without Winn's evidence.
Dr. Jul-s Simon, the well-known insan
ity expert, was placed on the stand, and
In reply ; " hypothetical questions gave
It as his opinion that the actions of Mrs.
Gritlln proved she was mentally unlal
.,,,,.,,] Dr. C C Wadsworth of the Ban
Francisco Lunacy Commission testified
to the same effect. William Vanderbllt
also gave st as his opinion 'hati Mrs.Grif
tin was not of sound mind. 1
Cashier Thomas Abies of the Tomnies
bank testified that th«; deceased woman
was feeble-minded and that the bank
treated her and looked out for her inter
ests the tame as If she had been a child.
Me started to mention the fact that three
years ago the relatives had petitioned
that a guardian be appointed for her
when he was stopped : by an objection.
Mrs. O'Connor was then sworn and de
clared that all Hhe knew of the existence
of a will had been told her by a female
acquaintance. She had. taken no Interest
In th» will whatever. The case was ac
cordingly closed for the plaintiff and the
defendant will begin the Introduction if
evidence :n rebuttal next Tuesday: The
way the case looks now the general trend
of opinion is that the testament will be
set aside. . ____________
EMPEROR WILLIAM EN
ROUTE TO ENGLAND
•
BERLIN. Nov. 17.— Emperor William,
the Empress and two of their sons,
Augusts William and Oscar, left Potsdam
at I o'clock this morning for Kiel on their
way to England.
KIEL.. Prussia. Nov. 17.— Emperor Wil
liam, the "Empress and the younger
Princes, arrived h««re this afternoon and
were received, nt the railway station by
the elder Princess. Empress Augusta
Victoria, with the younger son. went on
board the Imperial yacht Ht.^entollern
and the Emperor, accompanied by the
elder two sons, attended a muster of
naval recruits.
The Kaiser, in the course of an address,
alluding to the fact that Germany a de
cade, ago, had lost many brave sailors
and excellent officer* on th.- Samoa
coast, said:-.
"This land, however. Is now ours and
will remain ours as long as there Is a
German Emperor. The German eagle Is
gradually spreading Itself and Increasing
the fleet destined to protect our brothers
abroad." .. ; •■■-• ..•■.
Admiral yon Koester. replying to his
Majesty in the name of the Baltic naval
station, declared that all were ready at
any time to do their duty for the honor
of the flag.- even to the last drop of their
blood. .:"'.'*
Monument to De Lessens.
PORT SAID. Nov. 17.-The Khedive to
day unveiled a monument here to the late
Count Ferdinand dc Li-weps. the engineer
of [ho Suez Canal, in the presence of the
Ministers. Lord Crpmer. the British dip
lomatic agent, the other diplomats and
representatives from various bodies of
eleven parts of Europe.
National Hardware Officers.
PITTSBURG. Nov. 17.-At to-day* m*.
sion of the National Hardware Associa
tion John Bindley of this city was elected
president R. W. Sharpie)^ of St. Louis
and B. Race Harden of San Francisco
vice president, and T. J. Fernley of
Philadelphia secretary-treasurer. The
convention closed to-night.
COMMERCE COMMISSION ADJOURNS
TO MEET ON THE PACIFIC COAST
Delegation From West of the Rockies Pleased With the
Result of the Showing Made Against the
Claims of St. Louis Jobbers.
I ST. LOUIS. Nov. -The testimony
L before the. Interstate Commerce
Commission this forenoon was very
ij Interesting and Instructive, treating
of ocean competition with railroads
on business between the Atlantic and Pa
' cific coasts.
It was shown that large quantities of
i nearly all staple articles were now being
carried by water at rates ranging from
130 to 50 cents per hundred pounds. R. 1,,.
I Walker, the tratnc manager of the Pana
ma Railroad and Steamship Company,
testified that his company controlled the
Panama Railroad and the three steamers
connecting with it from New York to
Colon and was entirely independent of nil
other carriers by water or rail; that It
connected with the Pacific Mail Company
hi Panama, but had the absolute power to
fix rates on all goods going to the Pacific
Coast and did so with an eye single to
Its own Interests. Mr. Walker added that
it carried at least MM tons a month of
goods bound to San Francisco and some
times more: that he made the rates so as
to secure that amount of tonnage from
. the railroads and reduced them at times
so as to attract business If he needed It
to till his steamers; that he expected the
number of steamers would be increased
SAN FRANCISCO THE BUTTLE GROUND OF THE JOBBERS.
San Francisco will be the ground on
which the contest for the trade of the
Pacific CMS! Will be fought out by the
St. Louts Jobbers and the business men
of the coast. W. R. Wheeler, who has
closely watched the proceedings -at St.
Louis before the Interstate Commerce
Commissioners and who has a complete
I knowledge of all the points at issue, said
yesterday that nothing new has been
brought ''i' at St. Louis'. The conditions
are the same so far as the showing of
facts and the equity of the case are con
cerned as they were fore the St. Louis
people Instituted the pending suit. All *he
facts now known were fully developed at
St. Paul when the matter was threshed
over before representatives of the north
ern transcontinental railways last Ms;
The Pacific Coast had not developed Its
case In evidence at St. Louis. : ut would
do that In San Francisco. A singular i d
mission had been made by the head of
one of the largest business houses In St.
Louis In his testimony, which was to the
effect that his concern had been able to
' do buslnoss on the coast under the ex
isting conditions; also that while he had
established a liranch house on the coast
the expense ot the enterprise was about
the same as the amount of the differen
. tials would be In a year. The person who
made this admission was Mr. Nelson,
president of the N. O. Nelson Manufac
turing Company.
CORAL REEFS ON
BRAZIL'S COAST
The Brauner Party Com
pletes Investigation.
Special Dispatch to The CnH.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 17.—
Dr. J. C. Rrauner. vice president of I
Stanford University and head of the de
partment of geology, arrived here to-day
on his return from Brazil, where he has
been for the past Mix months studying the
geological conditions of the country and
Islands along the coast. The expedition,
of which Dr. Brauner was the head, was
sent out by Professor Agasslz of Harvard.
The party left Stanford on the 12th of
last May, going Immediately to Rio,
Brazil, by way of New York. In the
party there wen seven undergraduate I
I Stanford students, besides Dr. Brauner,
who was chosen for this Important work
both on account of his high standing in
the scientific world and his thorough ac
quaintance with the geological conditions
of Hrazii. where he resided for eight
years.
Dr. Brauner has a report of his obser
vations almost ready for the printer. It
will cover over GOO pages. Most of this
work on this report was done before he
left Rio.
In commenting upon the geological con
ditions of the coast. Dr. Brauner said that
while most of the reefs were of coral
formation, many of hardened sand beds
and old sandstone were found. Over 320)
miles were traversed In Brazil. 1300 of
i which were along the coast and 11*00 In the
interior. Few specimens were collected.
as the prime object of the trip was y>
make ■ study of the coast history.
Sixteen years had elapsed since Dr.
Brauner had been In Brazil, hence he was
much Interested In the economic and so
cial changes that had taken place. Brazil
is a country of almost Inexhaustible re
i sources and boundless domain, the chief
Industries being the gathering of rubber
and the raising of sugar cane, tohacco.
coffee, cocoa and cattle. Borne gold and
manganese mines are quite productive.
i but diamonds are very scarce, except the
| black diamond, which Is used in drilling.
' The competition of the Klmberlev mines
'■ in the caus" of the Blackness of diamond
mining In South America. Dr. Brauner
paid Brazil was a good place for am
bitious young Americans to keep away
from unless they went there under con
tract.
The most notable change that has taken
place In social conditions In South Amer
ica during the last sixteen years Is the
i advancement which the women have
I made. Now they appear on the main
I streets of the larger cities unattended,
while formerly they were never seen In
public unless accompanied by chaperones.
Rio Janeiro, the largest city and capital
of the Brazilian republic. Is a city of over
000.000 Inhabitants, with all the modern
Improvements. Dr. Brauner says that
the Brazilians as a people dislike walking
so their cities are well supplied with
streetcar systems.
Several Stanford graduates have located
In Brazil. H. K. Williams '« is head of
the geological survey of the State of Sao
Paulo. Charles Dulley 'M Is electrician
for a lighting company In the city of Sao
Paulo, while Fred Duller '97 and Miss
Adams '00 are employed as teachers In
the city schools there.
MAJOR GENERAL LAWTON
PRESENTS HIS REPORT
Oflßcers Mentioned for Bravery and a
Gallant Private Mentioned for
a Medal of Honor.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17-The Wmt De
partment ha«< made public the report of
Major General Lawton, giving the detaiifi
of his expedition in April last to Santa
Cruz, province of l^a Laguna. The re
port is dated August 1 and recfirnmends
Cor OOnsptCUOOS bravery Major Clarence
K. Kdwards and .V.ijor Charles C. Starr
Major Weisenberg is mentioned in appre
ciation of valuable services rendered
Second lieutenant Thomas Kranklln
who commanded the gunb,»at Napidan is
highly praised also.
QeDsraJ LAWton thu« deoorfoea a gal
lant action:
"With a view to securing a good place to
ri'-emhark troops for a movement against
i alahii the North Dakota battalion was
sent from lounger shortly after noon oil
il>e ]2th to reconnolter the town of pato
about four miles farther on the lak '■
shore, where it wa«« reported a good
landing place could be found. After ad
vanclnif about one mile the enemy was
discovered Intrenched across the road and
Immediately opened flre from behind an
almost Impenetrable undergrowth on the
BS)rl ho would then make rates to secure
tOlinajre for them. He said ht» had If mod
a good deal about the freight situation
v.'hlle attending the sessions of the com
mission and was already planning to get
additional business from the Middle West.
The witnesses for St. Louis have been
trying to make It appear that many of
the classes of goods which they dealt In
are not subject to sea competition, such
as bar and sheet iron, brass goods, earth
enware, cartridges, plumbing materials
and the like. Mr Walker said he had
been carrying and was ready to take all
these commodities on his steamers In
large or small quantities and at any time
with the exception of a few things like
gunpowder, which the law prohibited
from Ix-lng carried on passenger steam
ers. This completely exploded the theory
of complainant and established an active
and exciting competition on all the goods
generally carried by rail from this sec
tion.
[Tpon cross-examination the complain
ants tried to show that the Panama Com.
pany was tied up with the Pacific Mall,
(■•it Mr Walker was emphatic and ex
plicit that the only arrangement with that
company was that of connecting carriers
by which the Pacific Mall took their
freight and carried It to San Francis,
for .1 fixed percentage of the whole earn
ings, while his company took that going
to New York on a similar basis, but he
was absolutely free to make rates on
The significance in this admission was
the tin contradiction that it made t" the
claim upon which the complaint in th»*
St. Louu jobbers' suit was based, Dime*
ly. that the present conditions had shut
St. Louis and the Middle West out of .he
trade of the Pacific <""ast. Th< fad m.iy
not i"' generally understood thai M.ls
suit has brought th«- question at 's
sue before the Interstate Commerce Com
mission 'or the tiist time. Ivlien subntan
ti.Tlly the bame state of (acts was >civ.-,i
hearing it St. Paul the neisons who
heard the testimony were representatives
of the Great Northern and the Northern
Pacific Railways.
"Reading of the • viAt nici c t. li graphically
reported,* said Mr. wheeler, "shows thai
no new contention has been raised. To
me it seems ■ repetition of the hearing
at St. Paul so far as the Middle VV.-t
jobbers an concerned. The same people
nave talked tor th.m and the testimony
for them is Just iixiut the same. Equity
and Justice and logic have no ni"re place*
in their rlalm a*. St. Louis than they had
at St. Paul. They are simply trying to
grab the business Of tht ant and leave
nothing for the i<<bj>er of th>- Pacific
' '■.;,-(. As 't appears n>i\v. the Middle
West lohbers have made s fiasco of th-ir
case. They have displayed amazing Ik
norance <t the conditions governing the
traffic of the coast. The merchants here
an- surprised that the Middle \v. st i-v
bers have not been able to maki- i
showing before so august a body as the
! mountain side. Major Fralne promptly
disposed his command to execute a flank
; movement on the enemy, who were pour
ing a heavy fire Into the advance guard.
Four of them were killed and three
wounded, one mortally. Of these the lat
ter and three killed belonged to ■ party
'■ of five flankers who had been sent up the
Hillside. Their surviving comrade, Pri
vate Thomas Sletland. Company C, First
North Dakota, remained with them and
by his cool, unerring aim successfully
held the enemy back until reinforcements
I came. Then, after carrying bis wounded
comrade to the rear, he assisted In re
■ covering tho bodies of the killed. a He baa
been named for a medal of honor."
WORKINGMEN GREET
MAYOR-ELECT CLARK
Rousing Reception in Sacramento
Followed by Pledges of Mutual
Support and Friendship.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 17.— A rousing re
ceptlon «as tendered siayor-eled George
H <'lark t'\- the trades unions of this city
a 1 Urn < >ld I'aviHoii last evening, and sel
dom h;«s been seen such a gathering of
toilers to honor < successful candidate.
Forty pii-<-i s of music comprised the
band thai made the walls of the old hall
tit.i patriotic airs. Refreshment! were
a, and cheer upon cheer was given
for the popular young man who Is to pre
side over the destinies of thli munldpallt)
for the n<xt two years.
.1 If. Hlgglns presided at the reception
;iii«l Introduced tne new Mayor, who in a
neal speech thanked ttiosi- present for
th< hearty support they accorded him in
th. recent Flection, and also for the Mat
tering compliment paid him by such a
gathering of honest. Intelligent workmen
Mr nark said he whs a Mend r>f organ
ised labor, and he aiwa\s regarded
pleasun and a duty to assist in the bet
t< rmeni - f th nditlon of those \vt.
stitute the •'human hive of industt\ "
He promised to L .f v . the citizens of Sacra
mento a good, .lean and economic admln
tion. and by no act of hii would be
cause the trades unions of this city to l»'
sorry for having placed such an Important
trust in him. Three rousing chfers and a
tiger were then given for George Clark
A splendid musical and literary pro
gramme was rendered, and all departed
well pleased with the evening's entertain
ment.
p^v 77 The price of cloth isgoing up— it costs $a
■^V\ Jii mire to get th • miteri ils from the mill* r3
W))/ (tiki across the continent — freight is high — labor |h
S^V-^/H^ is becoming more expensive, but with all ga
- '' this we are putting into these ten do! la/ ■
Km suits and overcoats just the same careful workmin- M
$y, ship, the same material , the same qualities, in fact we 3
iiX: ore making the very same Luits as we did at the begin- Hj
Eg You are sur.' of this here — are you sure of it any m
§ place you might buy ? 19
I* M.ike application for our samples — either write or M
B9 Our policy : Your moneys worth or your money B.
1 S. N. WOOD & CO., 1
38 718 Market Street and £••,
; Roods shipped west, and did so with sol«
I reference to the intprpwtw of his company :
that it had no arrangements nor under
standing with any railroad, and took
freight away from all of them when. n*»
could get it. , •
The Commissioners asked Mr. Walkec a
number of questions an to the general
character of the business of his company.
Its Independence of other steamship lines
■ and railroads and Its methods of doing
. business, and elicited many facts entirely
; at variance with the theories advanced by
: the St. I«<>uis witnesses.
At the close of the session Chairman
Knapp announced that the commission
considered this one of the most Important
cases which bad ever come before It. The
questions Involved were complicated and
far-reaching, and for that reason the
commission would afford all parties Inter
ested the fullest opportunity to be heari.
The hearing would be adjourned until
after the holidays, when the commission
would sit to hear further evidence at
some point on the coast, probably at in
Francisco, and due notice would M given
of the time fixed. It Is thought it- win
b<» in February. '■?'.' ..
The coast delegation Is well satisfied
with the present situation. and the. opinion
is generally expressed that the showing"
for complainants has been weaker than'
was expected, and that only the Middle
West Jobbing houses are Interested In
changing the present rates. in order to
. enlarge their business on the coast. •'. :
Interstate Commerce Commission. '.They
have aroused the antagonism of ' Denver,
and the people of the Atlantic coast ar»
united against them. The battle- ground
will be In San Francisco when the comm
ission comes to sit here; ■ - .-.'•.• -;■■ .•
"Among the- admissions- made .a*. St.
Louis Is one of much significance. Thit
was that the St. Louis Jobbers have al
lowed as much as 50 cents per 100 pounds
to some houses on .the.. coast where the
differential In not as .much- as 50. cents,
plainly showing that they* compelle-i
to give some advantage to get the retail
ers to buy of them instead of buying at
home. Mr. Nelson cf St. Louis sa> 3 that
he has established ■ branch houFe on. th.»«
roast. We have always asked therh.v.hy
they did hoi place branch houses nerc'.ij
they wished to get the advantage of gen,
graphical position. They' have nlr'.?;'.dy
the trade of the Mississippi Valley.- >r'l
that is their real trade, territory.. They
are greedy and are trying to take away
from the Pacific Coast jobber' the only
territory he has. The tendency i« to. nar
row the jobbing area in all sections of. the
country. Nevertheless the Middle AWnt
jobbers are seeking to extend ami get.thls
territory for their own." ; , \ • ' \.V
The representatives of the Pacific OoaM
Jobbers' and Manufacturers' Associftfion
who went to St. Ixmls may. not be inck
for some tim»-. Wskefleld Baker and H.
I>. boveland, president and traffic mana
ger of the association, will go to »W
York before they return to the coast.
CONTRACTS LET
FOR SIX CRUISERS
Union Iron Works Gets
One of .Them.
Pl^rlfil Dtopatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Wot. 17.— TlM board of
naval construction to-day agned upon a
rej.irt reoommendlnK that th»- Navy Dw
partment award th«- contracts for con
■tmettag tn»- six n.-w arul— fi ■ntlioiliafl
by ('..riKT'^s to the following concerns:
Union Iron Works of San Krarnls<o.
Lewlfl Nixon Of the Crescent Shipbuilding
Works. KHz lUthport. N J . ; the Hath
In n Works of Hath. Mr . ; the TrIRK Shlp
bufldins CoßaPMljr Of Hl'hmond. Va. ; the
Fall River Contpaajr of Maaaachs
Lerlek of PhOadetpfala.
Th»- mromiiM 1 nrta t lnn will bs made in a
report to in- submitted to Acting I
tary Allen by Admiral O'Xeil. president
Of the construction board, and the awards
an not final until the board's findings
are approved by the Secretary. The low
est Midden did do) receive th>- praferenoe
in all cases, and It is presumed that the
board was Influenced In its selections by
consideration* of meritorious design anil
unquestionable ability of the concerns to
perform tli*- w..rk they will be called upon
to undertake.
Very Long Mining Tunnel.
DKADWOOD. S. D., Nov. 17.— The
American Mining Company of Newcastle.
Wyo., hut* begun a- tunnel at the bane of
Raned Top Mountain which will be .i
mile long nn«l will connect with a thou
sand-foot shaft from the top. It will be
ili' 1 longest tunnel in the Black Hills and
will cost f3.000.000 before a pound of ore la
mined. Immense reduction works are
planned an.l ■ town named American City
has been laid out. to which the Burlington
Is building a branch line.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DuHy ' s >ililiik
is invaluable for over-worked
men, delicate women, and
sickly children. It stimu-
lates, strengthens and sus-
I ~ tains the system and braces
i body and brain. Is invalu-
able as a stimulant. . Try it!
I All drarzists and grocer*. AreM tabstttnm, they at*
dancrfcut. I hilly i kit a prorrMtaiy tump •■ raca
bottle. If jrourd»alerr« B tupyly you. a . ••'« will be
sent, prrpaid, en l ecclpt cf $1.00. e.bettles (at Ij^oo.
" Valuable book c f Information an 4 tei:!mon!a!a ■ .
•' ••"";■ *ent i.n applttation.
DITTY MALT WttISMY CO.. Rorbetter. W. Y.
; /^ FIT FOR A KING S
when we have put the finishing touch
ion your shirt, collar and cuff. j Just
i like new, without "'•. any variation In
color or finish, and no "saw edge" on
I your collars and cuffs. : Our new "saw.
j edge" ; machine -was the one thin* we
trended to make our work perfect. •
.■ • ■ -.* ■ '■■■ ■ .. •■ '■■ .-. ■ .. ■ ■ ■.
United States Laundry. Offlo»
. •■;•'.; JOO4- '. Market ■ Street. .: . : . yj
"'•■ :"•. Telephone South 4 2 O'. ■•.'•.••'. : .-'
1 I Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
r
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED, |
DR. METER! * CO. have t«e Ur«««t prrno* If
tic* and b»«t equipped raedlcaj tnaUtutloa S
en the PaclA« 'Coast. Eatabllabed '.7 ye«ra. ya
PRIVATE BOOK and advic* free at ofOoe U
cr by mall. All letter* confidential. ' • •fy
731 Market St., San Francisco. B
mTTmA 4 A Healing, Harmless
DMSmsM and Efficient.
riHW«W Positively r-m v,s
, no Tut • Pimples and all Skin
roii nit Eruptions anJ pro-
COMPLEXION priori! natural com *
two tints Phroso takes th*
FLESHY WHITc P lace cf P°, " and
PHReSQ MFC CO l=av« "0 oily efff c ' -
1 OIHICIA.CtI i S .°' d by *" drUg *
I J ZKtS.
4vtsiT OR JORDAN'S great i
♦ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
0 (J ■ WslM*lXlts?.lr
i T tjT The l->r<»\t Automical Minrum in th» \*
m i^Jl^. Wo*hL Wejk»m«i er any n nimt>.| A
7 VfW i. pr«lll>rl; rar*4 r.y i|m oUnl T
f MgS y£\ i(*u»li»i > a It* i..^*^. kit. yen- 0
Sd^ffJ OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
lt4fV/il - Con«oltjticn fre» and «Hri) r prhraic \
I jiVJ m Tr. ,vn- • .-r».Mll, rr by I — -i A A
■ rnH /*• n»« Cur* m rtrry caae aadenaken. T
■if ll» w,,tet.r raiia«<ii-iiifii
■it IT ■iiiKiu.i;. MAtLao PHKB. 'AT
V n A valuable book for oil *. j.
'■ 7DI JORDAN <* tO . 1011 Miirki«t St..S F. V
ITranacontln*atal tourtau anl ' tray- I
elers from all over th* United Slate* T
thorn thetr «ppr*daUoa or Urn •>:•!• T
leac* of Urn . ,• ;• " |
♦ PALACE ♦
; j GRAND
• It makinc (Imm hotel* their h-».l.iaar-
1 I ten while In Sao Francisco. fr<rartt«a i
i i hundred rooms. tns with bath*— lars«st
. i ad fineat In the world. ..-•• i I
. 4 JOHN C. KIHKPATRtCK. Manac«r. «
I » »— —♦ ■ ■
B-^a9 0 IB EL^\fcl
m 8 I s^si HB Vm WPB B BWfc pf
A 1.1. .V<rro«« /»i-*"i*i*-failin SUo-
on. Blf»pl«aan»»>a. eu-.. cauaad by over.
work and Indiacretloaa. They u>rklj
•nd •wrrJir re-tore Lo«t Vitality la old
or roan*, and 111 a man (or ■tudr.
n««« or pleaaar*. Prevent Inaanltyaad
Oanaamptioa if takeo la Urn. Tb«4r
dm* bowel m . l *.t?. t ? iraprovaruea'. aaJ effeeta CUlli:
;** r "£"K ( * t " n feJ 1 - .I. In ~ rt »pooba*lo«tb«a«niii n e
AJax Tabteta. They h '.!* cmA tbowaluU and will
cure yon. Wo (ire a poaitlr* written euarant to *f.
feet a car* In each caae or refund the money. l'.-i.e,
fill PT? r * r rack»r», or alx nicka«i*« Ifnll tr^.u-
OU lib. moot] for $2 SO by mail. In plala wrax^er
opon r nc ? l;>t of pr.ee. Clrcnfanifren. "»»»•«•
AJAX REM c r»V CO.. 7 ?.P«*rt s <»?..B«-
For tale In 8. F. by Lelpntti & Co?*No Per-
centage Drug Co.. Owl Dru« Co.. S. F. Oakl 4.
Caleaester^ Ea«Uab Dlamead Onal -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^Vv Orl«iaal aad O a |y (Jeaata«. ▲
Ajl_PviM. 1T««<1« for i.-\l?\Altr, K^°iu* dU J§'\
pHJaSAn^MAr-Mi U Re« aa4 tJj ■etaUlaftflP
CV j^iff"". *>aled '"" ».« riMm. Take VS^
jsj l^ lW»o *tkee. B*t>*m 4 w*otr iik. - i»l**m ▼
\ / Jf la ■» -»< i-».u •irtioaUr*. Vntaeotall >«l
I ?T ts .tarn; • ttr p ir**ralai*. waciaaaaa&i 9**
\V* JB " l^»ll.<f Tar l.a«llr«." . :,:ur. k* re«B»ai
«*\T -17- M»ll- MNOOO T-t.nxm.*:. tf../'.^.
fcJ^TT.rOlll..*! eater Oeaaleal Co.. MjjJU— Irniprx
*M« >y ail Ucu ur«^yln«- PHILA«>A-. !•>*
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAU.VY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINU. WAHD a
iii. European plan. Rooms. 50r to tl W> day;
to to IS week: %i to I?) month. Kit- bath*; hot
and cold water every rocm: ''re crates la every
room: elevator runs all nlcht
I COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD.
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Coke.
OFFICE 813 FOLSOU ST.
WeeHy Gall $1.00 Year
34
PROCLAMATION WINS THE DERBY.
MARCATO LEADS AT TANFORAN,
CROCKER'S GOLD BRICK
AND CORRIGAN'S SNAP
Clubman Furnished the Coin,
the Turfman the Nerve,
Shallow Gate. Trashy Sport and Haw
thorne Methods Gradually Founder
ing the New Enterprise.
WHEN th* fate of beautiful Jn
gleside track, now -closed by
the law. was held in th.- bal-r
ance, Tanfuran Pax*, or
"Crocker's folly." as It is* now.
called, ... only the misshapen dream ot
a hasheesh imbiber. Now tt is a realiza
tion, and a losing one. No doubt in the
jiast. when Henry J. Crocker, the presi
dent of the now defunct Pacific Cpact
Jockey Club, read of . the " farmer
purchasing a sold brick, he' /ex
claimed "How stupid!" Now. this
same Mr. Crocker finds himself- in
possession of one. He it was who
"found" the coin to build the San Mateo
County plant, located Just on the brink
of ih« city of the dead. Allied with
Mr. Crocker Is Ed Corrigan. the master of
Hawthorne, as he was at one time
called. Neither name appears on the
roster of the actual management of the
new course
When on September la-st the stewards
of the New York Jock'-y Club refused Ed
Corrigsui a trainer's license, not liking
tiis company, he wended his way to Chi
cago and later to California. Every ef
fort had boen exhauhted to reopen Innlf
tid« track, to no avail. Then Mr. Crock
er, the only ready money man not 'in
uso, wastr>id of the immense profits to
!><• derived from another track. Corrigan
raid he w.«uid repose !n the background,
and nobody would know ho had a .hand
in things. Crocker foil— and the lion' and
tn<» lamb lay down together.
Ever sine© the inception of the new
track Iciclrs have hung suspended morn
ings from the eaves uf the unfinished
grand ftand. and a chilly Arctic blast has
swept the broad expanse. Kx'crywher©
NEWS OF CAMP AND TRANSPORT
ASK GOVERNMENT AID
FOR NEEDY SOLDIERS
CITIZENS" EXECUTIVE COMMIT
TEE HOLD A MEETING.
The Erection of a Permanent Me
morial to California Heroes Is
Suggested by W. J.
Martin.
A meeting of the citizens' executive
committee for the reception of returning
volunteers ua« held in th« Mayor's nrHo<*
In the Pht'lan building yesterday. W. J.
Martin. A. M. Lawrence and Mayor Phe
lan were pn-yent. . .
■ The . snap* at committee reporters
that as the Tennessee, the last of the
regiments to return, would be mustered
out on the 23d. there would be no further
use for the relief tent i!. Union Square.
There- are now only some 175 to 2>K> men
out of employment and these will not
accept offers of manual labor.
C. S. Benedict, secretary of the employ
ment committee, reported a surplus fund
of 1235 a. which will be turned over to
the citizens' committee.
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger of the employ
ment committee stated that the tent had
now merely become a loafing place and
that the Leadrjuarters of the Red Cross
Foclety had, been moved to room 303.
Hearst building, lie afkofl on behalf of
the <-mp]oymrnt committee «hat the tont
l>e nhollVnsd on the Ist of December.
Colonel T»uboce n*k«*d that Secretary 11.
F«*rnbach .be retained at a salary of f*fl
for two month* |n order that he might
finish the *ork he had in hand. Thia re
quest wa-s pranii-d. • Colonel i»uhoce will
establish lils hc;<dgu.irt«-rfi in the Page
Mr«et armory. A. M. Lawrence moved
that the < mi'loyment committee be d»»
folvrd after the 1M of Doct-mber with a
Vote of thanks for its able work.
The bank at- the tent will be closed for
deposit* :o-day. but will b«' continued Jor
those having an ac<v»unt until the Ist of
Jtfc«mb«r. Mlpk Josephine Molloy vill
be notified Immediately of the decision or
tho committee. Dr. voorsanger suggest
ed that as many" of the depositors were
row in Manila same bank shall be named
where they cnuld withdraw their deposits
on Uk4i return: A. M. Lawr- • moved
that whatever money was not called for
by the let of Di-cembcr should b# turned
Pears'
Its least virtue is
that it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort;
the clean are comfort-
able.
was the .'hand of the' 'unseen Corrlgan
seen. It was a. living instance of Haw
thorne, and ; Ingleside over again. "It
taJces'money to. make, the mare kh" is an
old maxim, and Mr. Crocker Is beginning
alr« 3<l>- to pquifrn. • • .
Figuring, closely.' the first ?Ix days at
Tanfuran were run at a daily loss of
nearfy 11300. This would mean $7200 for
the week. In inirses. alone J2.VK) is him*
up for horsemen: Th. n there is the daily
salary' of- the presiding Judge, associate
Jud^e,- patrol judge, clerk of the scales,
t!mvrs. nnj starters. amounting In all to
QVer-faOO. Added to this sum are the sal
aries "of the. numerous other employes,
amounting; say. to another $150.
The "Kate" has been so light as to
make a theatrical manager roll his eyes—
probably not over GOO persons on an ev
erage paying admission. At the com
mensem. nt there were only nine or ten
bookmakers laying odds and this was a
source of anxiety. Bookmakers are taxed
1123 per day and ten bookies would mean
only an income of $im Of course th*
peanut, oar. programme and telegraph
privilege* would swell this sum $300.
To begin with, the new course is in an
other county. It i- only reached aftf-r a
tedious ride involving many stops. Once
there a business man has no chance of
returning until the races are over. Thtn
too, the expense is large. Car fare to
the depot and 40 cents for a return trip
ticket is more than the average horseman
-can afford.
And so. not unline the political field
and the prize ring, men form strar.ge as
sociate*. Henry J. Crocker, business
man. rood fellow at the cluhs. one of
Burlingame's petted favorites, travel*
arm la arm with Ed Corrigan. the man
whose being and presence caused the
most, magnificent race course in Califor
nia to be closed.
1 over to the San Francisco Ravings Union
for payment to the Individuals.
W. J. Martin seconded the motion and
offered the following resolution:
Whereas. Thii commute* was onranlzeij
.cr the purpose of repeivln* in a txrcomlnK
mur.rer the First California Iteglment upon
It* rrturn from the Philippine Uland*. and
or .ixrcomlnicly celebrating that event, and
al*. for the purpose of receiving other
Mate volunteer regiments on their return
from the Philippine Inland; and -wh«T?m.
for the purpose* heretofore expressed,
this committee came Into the i>os!M-s.«lon of
v lance mm of money, upward of V 3 060.
donated by the citizen* «.f San Francisco
lobe uwl for such i.urpr*p«.: and whereas,
all of the «ald volunt-er regiments have now
returned to the l'nite.l BUtes. for whose
entertainment and care this committee has
extended larjje.pumK of money. |,ut mil has
| on hand about $♦«.«*>: and whereas In the
opinion of th» rommltt<-e. the people of Pan
Francisco would highly appreciate some per
manent testimonial commemorative of the
return of the Fim California liniment of
United States Volunteers to their native
State; now. therefore. be it
nepnirerf. That there be and hereby to
appropriated from the funds now in the
ha:, S of said committee the sum of $23 000
for the purposes hereinbefore expressed: and
be I' further
Resolved. That the thanks of this commit j
be extended to It* chairman, the Hon. James
D. Itielan. for his devotion to the business
if the committee, for his uniform courtesy
In Intercourse with Its members, and that
the success of this committee's undertakings '
have been chiefly due to the energy and
ability displayed by him.
The resolution met with the warm ap
proval of the committee, but It was de
cided not to act In the matter till the
next meeting, when M. H. de Young will
tw present.
The ladles of the Red Cross have been
given HWi <",.' for the transportation of
Mranded soldiers. A letter was read from
Mtt. Merrill of the Red Cross Society ex
pressing regret that the committee had
not Foen fit to grant a larger sum for th*s
purpose above mentioned. The committee
will use their influence to Induce the Gov
ernment to provide for any further cases
of transportation.
Frank A. Vail suggested that as the '
money had been raised for the First Call
fornia the surplus fund should be given
to them to found a permanent organiza
tion, end possibly a home.
The bill for fireworks, amounting to
j over ISO), war, settled, and It was decided
Ito allow J. McNab $40 compensation for
j damages to a truck during the parade
| Hevcral letters from needy soldiers ask
ing assist aneo were read and in each case
a 'mall sum was granted. letters are to
b»* addressed to various members of Con
gress and to the head of departments
asking them to take up the transporta
tion matter and transport returned regi- i
ments to the place of enlistment before
Olscharging them to relieve San Fran
cisco of the task of providing for indigent
i and sick soldiers.
An invitation was extended by Mrs.
Townsend asking th« committee to be i
present nt to-night's banquet to the Ten
nessee Regiment, and also requesting
Mayor 1!..i.,.| to deliver the address of
welcome. The invitation was accepted
and Mayor Phelan will address Tennes
sees volunteers.
Mis* Josephine Molloy, In charge of the !
bank at the tent, reports that since the
organisation of the bank It has received
In deposits the sum of 117.173 20; it ha* !
now HIVl 5 ' 773 "°' the bank has on hand
The bank will be closed by order of the i
committee on the Ist of December, and
all depositors are requested to call and
I withdraw their deposits. Those who have
j gone to tho Philippines or who may not
see the notice are requested to call at the
Ban Francisco Savings Union, the bank i
designated by the executive committee to ;
finish up the business of the soldiers'
bank at the tent. 1
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1899.
Big Sporting Events of the Day
McCONNELL
TOO CLEVER
FOR HANDLER
California Pugilist Surprises
Eastern Sports by His
Good Work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 17.-California fur
nished ■ new Jlstic wonder to tin- Eastern
snorts to-night In the person of Frank
McConnell. McConnell met Jimmy Hand
ler of Newark. N. J. In ■ glove contest
before the Broadway Athletic Club and
the Western boxer scored a clean-cut vic
tory over the New Jersey man in the
fifteenth round. McConnell proved him
self to be a clever offensive and defensive
tighter. Handler was the favorite In the
betting at odds ranging from 100 to SO to
100 to 50. After the second round, how
ever, the Californian's stock got a boost
und even money was the best offered by
the Eastern contingent. McConnell was
looked after by Dave Sullivan. Tim Me-
Grath. Eddie Connelly and Jim Lane.
Handler's seconds were Florrle Barnett,
John Kelly and Eddie Behan. Johnny
White was referee. Each weighed 150
pounds and looked to be in line condition.
In the tirst few rounds each was clever
in bis way and there was nothing to
choose between them until the beginning
of the fifth round. In this round both
fell in- a hot mix-up, with Handler having
the better of the argument. McConnell
scored Jlrst blood In the sixth from a
straight l. ft on Handler's i -•• In" the
seventh McConnoll placed 8 hard right
swing over Handlers left eye. which
rained a lump, and In the following round,
with a straight left, he had Handler
groggy at the bell.
Fast and clever fighting marked the
ninth Handler forced the pace in the
tenth, sending his left frequently to the
face. ■ mnell came back with a bard
right swing on the jaw, which put Hand
ler down and the New Jersey man took
seven seconds to get up Both were a
bit wild in the twelfth and McConnell
was particularly off in the thirteenth.
swinging wildly. Handler sent two left
Jabs to M Connell'a right eye and those
blows served to bring the Callfornian'a
best (Torts to the front. He assumed the
aggressive and outfought Handler, using
both hands to rood' effect, and at the
close <if the round he pulled Jimmy down
from a half-clinch and the bell saved
Handler.
McCcntiell cut loose in the fourteenth,
sending lefts and rights to body and head.
.Handler fought back cleverly, but was
unable to land a telling blow. Just be
fore the bell ran? the Californian put
Handler to the floor. Again the bell
saved him.
The lifu-eruh. which proved to be the
final round, was all to McConnell's credit.
The tallfornian forced Handler .i toss th •
ring and delivered left swings on body.
hj-al and chest. Handler tried to defend
himself by leaning against the corner post
of the ring and McConnell held him there
for nearly a minute, raining blow after
Wow in <} uick succession. Then he
stepped back and Handler Jumped quickly
][• "'- ii oppoßlte ,, Bldo of the ring, but Me-
Connell was all over him in a moment
sending right and left to body and head
ihrJJSEh fl snl ln the > wlnd put him half
through the ropes and there Handler lav
in a helpless condition. The referee
stepped between the men when it was a
lo™I 0 ™? o"**0 "** , co . n islon thai another blow
yutVSca.'grir out and awarded the
VERY LIVELY MILL.
McPartland and Matty Matthews
Fight a Draw in Chicago.
CHICAGO. Nov. IT- KM MePartland of
New York and Matty Matthews of
Brooklyn to-night fought the liveliest and
most even fight seen here In ■ long time
The fight took place at the Fort Dear
born Athletic Club and was declared a
draw at the end of the sixth round From
start to finish the bout was full of gin
£***■ , T ere appeared to be considerable
bad feeling between the two men. and In
nearly every clinch a wordy battle be
tween them was as hot aa the pujdli<itle
encounter. "
Matthews excelled in right swings' for
the body, but MePartland offset these
with straight left Jabs to the face. Both
men were satisfied with the decision
Neither scored a knockdown. The only
blood drawn was in the second round
when Matthews started blood from Ma*> «
TWO REGIMENTS TO
SAIL ON MONDAY
THIRTY-EIGHTH AND FORTY
FOURTH WILL LEAVE.
The Others Will Get^A way Within
Two Weeks and Will Be the
Lest of the Volunteers.
Monday will Fee a general oxodus of
troops from the Presidio. Four trans
ports, the Hancock. Duke of Fife. Puehla
and St. Paul, will sail with the Thirty
eighth. Forty-fourth, the two companies
of the Forty-third, recruited here, and a
big bunch of recruits.
The headquarters and six companies of
the Thirty-eighth Infantry will go on the
Duke of Fife; the field officer and the
other six companies will go on the St.
Paul: the headquarters and nine com
panies of the Forty-fourth will leave on
the Hancock, a field officer and the other
three companies leaving on the Puebla.
The two companies of the Forty-third
will also go on the Puebla, One hundred
recruits will go on the Duke of Fife and
fifty on the St. Paul, Lieutenants Arrow
smith and Hitt accompanying them.
The departure of the troops on Monday
will leave the Fortieth. Forty-second and
Forty-eighth In camp, and the Forty
ninth to come. If by that time It has not
already arrived. Those regiments will
be away, however, Inside of another two
weeks, and then the volunteers for awhile
will be missing from the post. The
Forty-eighth and Forty-ninth will prob
ably be the last to go. Both are colored
regiments and It seems to be the policy
of the Government to keep them together
an much as possible. When they arrive
in Manila they will probably Join the
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth regular
colored regiments, and the four will make
a big colored brigade, which. if It lives
up to the reputation the colored men
mad.- In Cuba, will make the white sol
diers look to" their laurels.
By the resignation of Captain Charles
Wing of the Fortieth Infantry the iollow-
Ing promotions have been made: First
Lieutenant William J. Watson to be cap
tain; Second Lieutenant W. C. Fltzpat
rlck to be llrst lieutenant. The vacant
second lieutenancy will be filled from the
enlisted men later on.
Captain John C. Dent. Twentieth In
fantry, has been assigned to duty on: the
transport Dalny Vostock as quartermas
ter and commissary.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Louis A. Mo
liny has been assigned to temporary duty
at the general hospital pending his as
signment to Manila.
Lieutenant Colonel Arthur L. Wagner
assistant adjutant general, has been
ordered to proceed to Manila by the trans
port Puebla.
The California Red Cross Society ha* In
vited the Red Cross societies and the
women's clubs of San Francisco, Oak
land, San Jose and other towns around
the bay to a reception to be tendered the
■visiting delegation from Tennessee. It
will be held at Century Hall. 1215 Slitter
street, Monday afternoon from 3 to 5
o'clock.
Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Ducat of the
Forty-ninth Infantry arrived at the Pre
sidio to prepare the way for his regiment
William Silence. Company M. Twelfth
Infantry, and Harry W. Bloxon, Company
B, Twentieth Infantry, died at the gen
eral hospital at the Presidio yesterday.
OUTSIDER
WINS THE
DERBY CUP
Lord Elsemere's Proclamation
First in the English
Classic.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Nov. 17 —The Derby cup, tlic
race for which was run at the Derby No
vember meeting to-day, was won by Lord
Klsenieres Proclamation; Sir J. Miller's
Invincible II finished second and Mr. Got
schalk's lexicon wa* third. Tod Sloan
rode Ix>rd William Beresford's Dominie II
and 1,. Rein* had the mount on Mr <•■•/
tngton's Charlna. The rnlds wer.
to 14 apalnst Proclamation. 10 to 1 against
Invincible 11. 100 to 7 against Lexicon, 40
to 1 a^.-Unst Dominie II and 10 to 8 against
« 'harina.
Proclamation drew in front at the end
of the mile, but was challenged along the
straight on the run for home by In
\ in. iI.U- 11. Lexicon and Oppressor. The
'""f ran almost abreast until near the
post It was an exeltinK race. Procla
mation finished a neck ahead of Invincible
11. Eighteen horses ran.
FLAXSPINNER'S BAD RACE.
Favorite Ignominiously Beaten in a
Bennings Event.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— Flaxspinner's
run In the last event at Bennings to-day
was a surprise. He went to the wire a
strong favorite, but finished lengths out
side the money. By Jockey Dlngman's
skillful work Klnnlklnnlc, though eight
lengths behind In the stretch, forged
ahead and passed under the wire in front
of the well-played Sweet Caporal. Re
sults:
One mile and fifty yards, selling— "Weller won.
Althea second, The Gardener third. Time,
1:47 2-5.
Five torioMS, selling— Fluke won. Decimal
second. Grandeur third. Time, 1:02 S-5.
Seven furlonsrs— Havelock won, Speedmast
second. Ellen Terry third. Tim*. 1:59 2-6.
six furlongs, handicap— First Whip won. La
vepa second. Hafiedon third. Time. 1:17 1-6.
One mile and a hundred yards, handicap—
Klnnlklnnlc won. Sweet Caporal second, Cha
rentus third. Time, l.'l.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 17.— Kriss Krinf?l.>
added armtlier purse to his credit at New
i»t>rt to-day by winning the fourth raos al
a mile and fifty yards in a gallop. Prince
of Wales, a B to l shDt. landed the third
event. After the race he was bid up and
taken om of th«- race by W. Wallensteln
for 5 1 '"' To-morrow will be the last day
al Newport. Results:
Seven furlonKS— Alcedo won, J. I/Uclle sec
ond. Marion Lynch third. Time. 1:28.
One and a sixteenth miles— Frlesland win.
Parakeet second. Musket third. Time, I:47**.
Six furlonirs. ■ellins Prince of Wales won,
JJT second, Dolly UVttti.fr third. Time, I:I4VJ.
One mile and fifty yard*, handicap— KriM
Krlngle won, Boucher second. Flaunt third.
Time. 1:444.
One mile— Nekarnis won. McCleary second.
Applejack third. Time, 1:41%.
RECONNI BESTED
SMITH IN SHORT ORDER
OLYMPIC CLUB MAN OUTFOUGHT
THE OAKLANDEB.
Initial Boxing Tournament Before
the Reliance Club Proves a Great
Success — Simpson and
Tye Draw.
OAKLAND, Nov. 17.— The first boxtng
tournament at the Reliance Club since It
übsorbed over half the membership of the
late Acme Club produced some splendid
sport, and there was not the least fault to
find with any of the decisions. President
Fitzgerald congratulated the members of
the club on the great crowd present, ami
his timely suggestions were cordially re
ceived and cheerfully complied with.
Pete Recount of the Olympic Club re
peated his success of a few weeks ago,
when he knocked out Billy Springfield in
the same ring. He was matched to tight
ten rounds with Ed Smith of this city,
but two was enough. Smith, although a
very clever boxer, was plainly outclassed.
In the first round Reconnl was hit a few
times, but he was only sizing up his man.
In the second round Reconnl let himself
out and in the second half knocked Smith
down three times, and when the gong
sounded Smith was completely beaten.
His seconds were inclined to throw up
the sponge when Captain Peterson signi
fied that the contest was over.
Charlie Tye and George Simpson of the
West Oakland Club fought a pretty and
lively battle for ten rounds, and the con
test was declared a draw. Both men
were in splendid condition and fought
gamely from start to finish. Tye. as
usual, did all the leading, but received th»
most of the punishment. Simpson was
least tired at the end. but the decision
was eminently fair.
Henry Kitchen and "Chappie" Porteous.
Billy de Courcy and William Martin, both
Of Los Angt-les. and Jake Haumtjarten
and John Boat figured in some interesting
preliminaries.
UNDER SUSPICION OF
BEING A COUNTERFEITER
Theodore Boehlman Held at the City
Prison Under a Serious Accu
sation.
Theodore Boehlman is locked up in the
City Prison, suspected of being a coun
terfeiter and an escaped felon. He was
arrested late last night by Officers "Winz
ler and Galloway and Secret Service
Agent Cronin, who, despite his protesta
tions of innocence, unceremoniously
dragged him from the Wiehman House on
Mission street and placed him in a cell
until to-day, when an Investigation will
be made to discover whether he is the
bold criminal who has successfully evaded
the United States authorities for two
years.
Boehlman is 35 years old and a brewer
by occupation. He is believed to be a
clever counterfeiter and to have escaped
from a steamer while in the custody of
an officer who was taking him from Lor
Angeles to San Quentin. Boehlman would
not have been captured but for Informa
tion given Officer Winzler by a "mess"
boy, who asserts that he Is sure that the
prisoner is the man he served with meals
en route from Los Angeles. Boehlman
denies the charges made against him, and
is confident that he will prove his inno
cence at the proper time. He will be
handed over to the United States Mar
shal this morning.
■ m ■
COGNET ON TRIAL.
Filipinos Testify That He Evicted
Them at the Point of a Pistol.
Attorney Joseph' T. Cognet of 6 Grove
street . was on trial yesterday before
Police Judge Mogan on a charge of as
saulting with a deadly weapon Miss Oliva
Muyot. a slack-wire performer, late with
the Filipino circus at the. Mechanics* Pa
vilion. The courtroom was crowded with
Tagals, representatives of the French.
Tahltlan and Spanish colonies and inter
preters ad lib. when the complaining wit
ness STSS put I'll the stand to tell how
Cornet had invaded the Casa Rivas, No. 5
Birch avenue, ten days ago and evicted
her at the point of a pistol. Archie Camp
bell appeared specially for the prosecu
tion and A. Ruef looked after the inter
ests of Miss Muyot. while Gonzalo Rivas.
once her sweetheart. Just newly married
to Cognefs sister-in-law, looked on from
a rear bench.
Miss Muyot, her little sister Islaga and
a Filipino boy named Lorenzo Aberlour
swore positively that the lawyer was very
threatening with his pistol. Attorney
Campbell told the court he had summoned
another witness. Benito Espejo, which
means Ben in the ■ Looking Glass, who
was being suppressed by the defense. The
court tola him to swear out a warrant for
any one suspected of doing any such thing
and ho would make things rough for the
Individual. The hearing was then con
tinued till Monday.
MARCATO IS
UNBEATABLE
IN THE MUD
Scored His Fi th Win at Tan
foran — First Choices Fare
Better.
NCE more the ling
at Tanforan Part re
ceived a singeing over
the victory of on*
of "Packey " Ryan's
equine aggregation <<f
mudlarks. \> -'• r l.iy
the shrewd Chicago
man seat Marcato to
the post again in the
mile run. pitted
against T >pmast and
Meadowthorpe and the long striding
Duke of Mont rose gelding made it five
stralßht. 81l friends seemed willing to
accept ;Umo»t any old price and after
narrowly escaping being kicked ovor the
timers' stand by Meadowthorpe went out
and won all the way. Bpencer, on Top
mast trie-J to eaten him in the wind
ward sail home, but couldn't. I
found plenty of work to beat the Schorr
entry out for place.
The other events were commonplace,
beinp worthy of nothing more than pass
ing comment Pavoritej earned brackets
on four occasions.
Frank Don scored the first time out
with hii i • ■ • ■■ -r colt, Decoy. Ih€ ■
looking youngster hail Hum? up. IM
with something to spare downed Cnotoau
a neck. Druldesi Bnished third. The
winner dosed equal choice in the betting
with Cboteau. Had a more experienced
rider piloted Racetto he would have been
■ keen contender.
Lumbering Yaruba. having Henry
Shields' In the saddle and favorite in the
riiiK. disposed of Baltsta with pounds in
reserve for th« second pursi Dolor*
looked bothersome at th>^ start, hut gave
way early to Batista, which took the
place easily.
A 1 to 2 choice. Mike Rice rnn away
from his field In the. third number, also
a six furlong run. Btromo came from th»>
rear, securing the place from Coda.
Then followed a five furlong spin for
two-year-olds which developed some very
nervous and fluctuating quotations, [n
the first betting Corrlgan s Wallens'eln
had thi call over Al>origine. but later
■ to ;5 to 1. Then came a plunge on
Ftne Bbot. At the last the coin w. Nt in
on Wallenatetn and as the horpes were
called he was only half a point higher
than Aborigine. Hums, astride C
Kan's entry, took the worst of the it art,
But soon scempered into first position,
which he held to the wire, beating Al or-
Injrine over a lenpth. w^tl in hand. K'ne
Shot appeared a bit sh..rt. flnlshlni; a
dose third.
Casdale ruled favorite for the final
neven furlonp seUlng Hffp.lr. but nil
had vanished. In a rattling drive UtUe
Johnson, on Potc-nte, defeated
Martin, with the leg up on Tullainore. a
scant head. Tbe favorite failed to get ;i
chalk mark.
Track Notes.
Entries for Monday's races at Oakland
will close at 11 o'clock this forenoon at
the track across the bay.
Following are the entries for this af
ternoon's running events:
First race— Six furlongs: Belling; three-year
olds and upward.
330 Oahu 107' 333 On Anne 107
829 ma 102 311 Personne .. 107
31! Master L** 102 313 Ray Heath 107
303 Ixina Marie 107 tZO Silver Maid 107
SOS Magnus 107
Second rare — mile and an eighth; selling;
three-year-olds and upward.
177 Re Happy 1071 332 Reolta 197
124 Ullly McClosky..Uo' 320 Chlraura . lot
324 Forte 107 (320) Judge W0.T0rd..102
Third race— Five and a half furlonrs; all
apes.
32? Kinjr Carnival. . 107! (310)Sardin<» 0;
323 Monda 104 ■ 32« Lomo 103
315 Ollnthus ! (*W)Dr. Sheppard...ll2
Fourth race — mile, three-year-oldi; San
Mateo stakes; $1200.
(Sl7)Obsldlan 114' 326 Kin* Carnival. .lll
3.'.' Tirade 114 i 325 Monda ill
(327>I>othlan 11l <324) Jennie Reid 11l
309 Malay 11l 333 Caedale m
326 Silver Tone ill fH£)Zoroa*ter 11l
Fifth race— mile and a quarter; hurdle:
handicap.
212 Major S 131 ... Granger 1"
2S2PF 147; 301 Ft F1 132
312 Rossmore 13" 293 Duke of York.. .125
312 San Car 105...... 125.
Sixth race — One mile; handicap; three-year
olds and upward.
r»« Oftler Joe . i ft Ti(332)Mareato 11l
(321)Afamada 105 <32S)Morinel 105
332 laewtsMrpa ..Uvi
Selections for To-Bay.
First race— Glen Anne. Ray Heath. Magnus.
Second race— Chlmura. Judge Wofford. Be
Happy.
Third race— Sardine. Dr. Sheppard. Kin*
Carnival.
Fourth — Obsidian, Jennie Reid, Malay.
Fifth race— Granger, Duke of York. Rossmore.
Six to race "Ostler Joe. *u&rccito t *aorixid a
MARKET-STREET RAILWAY
COULD NOT PAY ITS TAXES
TAX COLLECTOR SHEEHAN RE
FUSES TO ACCEPT.
The Offered Amount Over $9000 Less
Than the Board of Equaliza
tion's Assessment
Calls For.
Yesterday morning the Market-street
Railway Company, through Its agent, E.
B. Ryan, tendered to Tax Collector Shot
han the sum of $228,256 95 as payment for
the company's personal property taxes,
the said sum representing the amount cal
culated on the assessment as returned by
Assessor Podge. As this assessment had
been raised by the Board of Super-.
sitting as a Board of Equalization, to an
amount which increased the taxes J97SO,
which Ryan refused to pay, Tax Collector
Sheehan likewise refused to accept th*
check unless It was raised to correspond.
to the figures on his books, which ere
$233,036 82. Ryan contended thai the
original assessment of Dr. Dodge, which
was $14,047,569, should stand and that the
Board of Supervisors had no right' or au
thority to increase the assessment to $14,
647.5C9, but that It is merely empowered to
reduce upon the sustalnment or a protest.
Upon Bheehan's refusal to accept
anything lest* than the amount the bill call
ed for, he wrote the following refusal
upon the reverse side of the bill at the re
quest of Ryan:
This la to certify that on this 16th day of
November, l -*'-'. the Market Street Railway
Company, by EC. B. Ryan. Its agent, ten
derer] to nil' the Mini of two hundred and
twenty-eight thousand two hundred end
fifty-Biz and 93-100 ($228,256 95) dollars In
lawful money of the United States of
America, paid Bum being the first and sec
ond Installment computed on an assessed
valuation of 114,003,4)1. Bald company by
ltd agent then and there claiming that the
sum so tendered was the full amount of
taxes due upon the lawful valuation of the
property described herein by the Assessor
of this city anil county, and that the ad
dition of $06,000 over and above said valua
tion as shown by this bill was made with
out authority of law after the assessment
roll had left the hands of the Assessor and
was and Is wholly void.
I declined to receive the above sum on
the Bole ground then and there stated by
me to said E. B. Ryan that said sum la
$9780 less than the total sum called for In
.this tax bill. .
The above mentioned tender ($228 236 93)
was made subject to no condition* on the
part of the Market-street Railway Company
or 1U agent. '
EDWARD I. SHKEH AN.
Tax Collector.
The municipality will probably have
another lawsuit on Its hands, which will tie
up the money until the Supreme Court
renders its decision, as th- corporation
will endeavor to mandamus the Tax Col
lector to compel him to accept the tender
1 in settlement of all claims of the city
McCONNELL KNOCKS OUT HANDLER.
CROCKER TRIES TO SAVE CORRIGAN.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
TANFORAN PARK. Friday, November 17. 1800.— Twelfth day at
the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather fine.
Track muddy.
J. .1. H'UKi: i<1»cr j. k
QOO FIRST RACE ttn t_toag_; _ell'._K; two-year-oi •
j— — .
In.!x. Bon*. Wt*g_.jat. Vim. 14m. » 4 m. Str. Fin. ! Jockey*.
; ■ — ——I— : — ■ — r-iTi —
... Decoy i"» - ... 1 h 3 1 11 1 2 IT Rum*...*.. *-&
st-; Ohoteau 105, 3 ... ft 1 h 2 4 2 h. W. N.irvaei... 3--
310 Pruldess 100.4 ... 1] 44 4 1 ah |K' Jones....... 3
316 Racetto W! I ... 4 4 ] 1 3^ 43 iiienry ••
232 Rio Shannon 105) 1 ... 2 2 5 6 5 |joe Weber.... _*> _
i
Time— »4. ... 1:044. Fair start. Won flr»t three driving.' Winner. F. '
Doss & Co.'n b. <\, by Imp. r*r-Nantnek-t.
Decoy best: he shook his company ..IT at th» end. Choteaa could MM keep up first p*
Dnildess away none tiK> well and carried wide at stretch turn Shannon had 'I 1 * 1
Racetto ridden In worst going.
I _____ .
— — ■
— ' — — ■ — — — —~~ ■" "■ *™
-—
Q()Q HBOON- RAd Six furl..n__; Mlltnc: three-) -ar
, ;
I ___ Hotw. Age. Wdnht ?t. >4m. «,m. \m. Str Fin. i Jockey..
. \ ■ _
269 Yaruba. 3 1071 4 ... 2 v, 11 14 1 • 'll Shields 2
313 IJallsta. 3 11112 ... 2h 2 1 2 1 2 3 Spencer 5-2
311 I More. 5 1121 1 ... 1 h « 4 • S2 11 Thorpe II
2K» Tirade.! 118 3 ... 5 5 | MO IM liergen.... •
317 Xoma. 3 107, 5 ... 44 34 4 4 5 ! Morgan 1<>
Til— 14.
Jnp Wlnnrr. H C Ablcrf b r . by Imp Golden '".arf^r In
Yaruba umJt-r hunt urclnc tooll eomnuu
finish on. Tlnuto
to
O«>/| THIRD RACK Bta tmttemga; Mlllng; thr*.-
,
II I Refill
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Hm. !im. »;m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. [t>p.
1 1 ' ■ . i ■
(31S) Mike Rice, a 11" 2 ... II II 13 14 'Th -rp^ ........! 1-2
2S7 Btromo I 10311 ... BJ .6 22 22 JFauntlen<y '...I 7
324 Cola, a l^'l 4 ... « « 5 2 3« | Ranch I 4
... White Fern. I V»\ 6 ... 3 I 2 24 3 1 4 1 !M<>r_nn j ft
305 Silver Maid. 5 K-7 .' ... 4 2 1U 4^ 5 2 !T. Hurns 1 ■
... Oahu. 4 107: 3 ... 2 4 H • "« |\V. Nirvaez...! M
Time— \i. :25: :Zft; *4. 1:16%. Good start. Wen »a.«: . up. Herond and third drlvl
Winner. T. K. Mclaughlin's b. « .. by J. H. Fenton-Mm. MrAUlatfr.
Itlce away flying and much the test. Stromo- finished wall. White Fern not r»«
Coda slow to Kt't moving.
•Srratrhed— P. A. Finnegtln IM.
I '
■ ■
*><>! FOURTH KA'K-Flve furlonic-: filing; tv_-jrt_r-— 4_; pars.
.
In.l^x. Eton*. WeicM -t. 4m. %_ ■_ !'•
1 ;_______________. '
... Walienstein MM 4 ... 2 4 22 12 It 1 ..i 2
(322) Aborigine 110 I ... J6 3 12 3 12 2 1 iThorp* } 2
... i • : ... 1 4 1 4
4 4__ ' «
1 . _ — . . . .
Tim. - . .
Wlnn.-r. 1
. . r . . . . . .
going. Kir..- Bl :i furl.tnr from the •
»«t
" ° l 1 .• ■ ■ :
O<><> FIFTH RACE— Ow mile; t*llln»; Uirn y_r oMi an I upward; rursr. IBOO.
, 1 m.ft
,
Index. HOTM. Arc Wflght St. ';m. >-.m.
" : Z
l~~ : ~l~ T~. z~l T_ ' :v ; ...
14 13 12 Ih 1 2 .J. Walab «-S
• • 11 II I M I 10 ■: : . ..
1 2h 2h 3S 3-
■"14 I ♦ 4 t
:
r 11
4
-.)
I , ji 1 n ■ ■ 1 ' „, I, „ . I, „„ I, . I,, 1 ■ 1 1, . 1- . • ■ 1
Timf — >•;. :26'i: H. :_2«4: \, 1:H\»: mile, l:4.*.4. C,or*\ mart. Won «*iilly. Second
third driving. Winner, P. Ryan's br. g.. by I>nke of Montrose-Minnehaha >!te
Marcatu ponened the ?i>pod of the party. Topmast made a good stretch run. Mead
thorpo showed Improvement. Reolla i« Male.
Scratched— Judge Wofford 88. Manter Lee 100.
O«>O BIX 1 ■' RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-yen- and upiv.iH; in», ft 1
M.
I I
In.W Hotm. Age. Weight S-. '«m. 4m. Km. Rtr. Jockey..
1 ___' : : : ' . .
32<! Potente 4 i"; 5 5 4h 2 14 2 2 1 ns Ijohnson- ..'.■.■.. .. 3
(32S) Tullamore. a.... 10712 2 ', 11 1 h 14 1 4 lit. Martln.:_,i.. 3
(30S) Silver State, a 11« 3 14 24 «4 4 4 3 ns 'Thorpe ........ to
liM
317 Casdale, 3 102)4 32 31 33 34 4 2 jT. Haru» (3-5
■m Glen Anne. 4 107| 1 4 2 5 i $ .'. ■ IH^nry ;|- 12
Time—';. :2i4: 4. :MV4: %. 1:034; %, 1:31. Good start. Wen first three drlvlnji. Win
C. K. rmrnell's b. g.. by Raclne-Pow Wow.
Cai«aale receded In the betting; he did not got a very good start, either. Potrnte
best.
Scratched— Rapldo 102, Macrnus 197. • " * •*.
* .
HARVARD'S CHANCES GOOD.
Probabilities That Yale Will Win the
Football Match.
BOSTON, Nov. 17.— A1l interest of the
football enthusiasts centers in to-mor
row's Mr Rame between Yale and Har
vard on the Harvard gridiron. The talk
of the conflict among .Harvard rooters to
night is that only a chance fumble can
allow Yale to score. However, the Yale
men are more confident than the earlier
form of the team would se»-m to warrant.
Most «>f them pay Yale will rarely win:
more conservative ones hint at such a
result, while no one l- willing to admit
the probability of defeat. Yale did not
engage In any practice to-day. Harvard
put in twenty minutes of light signal
practice.
Stricken With Paralysis.
8. J. Crooks, a young man well known
in both this city and Napa. suffered a
stroke of paralysis last evening on Bush
0 1 2;!? wAoLiSuitsatsB.7s^w A oLiSuitsat$8.75^
K^. Besides the price there is another dif-
jC terence between these suits and those jh
gL v 9 v buy at $12.50 at good retail stores. J
Hr It % this : We have a wholesale assortment ft
W and can guarantee to fit you. • • ***
H Another special: $12.50 overcoats— B
| So . at $8.75. Suit and coat, $17.50. !
baying" over retail prices, $7.50. '.
♦ *•♦♦♦ .____  , , 1 1
INo Middlemen's Profits. I
■»♦♦♦♦■» — - — — *
OPEN SATURDAY NIGHTS TILL 10.
. UrownPFtts J
Wholesale Manufacturers,
121-123 Sansome Street, near Pine.
and Kearny s>tr*f-t!«. IT- was conveyed
to his home, Utt Post street, whvre ho
now lies In a critical condition.
Killed by a Fall.
"William StHnmarr
intr ;it 41. 1 .- ' '!• m«nt!
■
m<-. Th.
for winif tlm*-. ;md it In I
with i Whll* tr>
treet. It
skull. H ...
Morjfi:-
Mayor Vetoes an Appointment
Mayor Phelan yesterday sent n commu
nication to the Board of Supervisor- veto
ing order 233 appointing Alfred Fuhrman
to collect delinquent personal nroprrty
taxes for the fiscal years 1S&-D3 nnd 15»-GUNMEN FIND BUT
LITTLE SPORT ON
MARSH OR UPLANDS
Neither Duck Nor Quail Afford
the Shooting of Which They
Gave Promise Some
- cks Since.
THE duck shooting ha* proved gen
t-rally disappulTUing this year up
•to the present Urns, as the weather
conditions hay«» not be«n such as to bring
th« birds In from the north. J. K-.Qrr
and. other veteran field shot* have hot
iMHin out. as bvlnu familiar with the hab
its or the birds they knew th«n> would not
b« adequate, sport for the time and energy
Ei>ent in quest of the ducks. Th* weather
has b«n too warm, and there ha* been
100 much water over which the birds bred
here could scatter themselves.
:lt is the northern birds which afford
the good shooting, and until the extreme
cold weather In that region drives them
dow ; n -only Indifferent sport is to be ex
pecud. Many ducks ar«j st-en In the bay
iu:d ulso In. the bays along the coaM. but
th-ey'- are not readily . accessible to the
sportsmen.. On Thursday men who -vis
lied the Sonoma marsh, the overflowed
lands of the Sacramento and the sloughs
r.ar Alviso all reported that no ducks
were to be seen in thos« localities. The
storm had scattered them to ail points of
the cosipa*B.
The conditions tills wot- k are almost the
tasnv <i» those which prevailed last Sun
via\. and only indifferent sport is expt-cted
by ihuse preparing to go to the preserves
ot their clubs.
The* Country Club members have done
but little shooting during the past week.
President C F. Muluus went after quail
nn fc'uniiay. but the weather was cold and
the Lirds would not lie. Mr. Mulllns came
home without any returns for his trip.
The t=ame conditions, prevailed during the
week. »o none of the members visited the
club'jt preserve.
<_•:;<> Feuiiner. Harvey McMurchy and
Phil Beke-art left on Thursday night for
v .-::;■■•: on Sulsun marsh. They make
th»-ir headquarters at the home of the
Prlntfe Club.
Uoyd Eatoa. Charles Dietz and Al New.
m^.n tp*nt la>t Sunday on the preserve
Of the Suisun Club. They did not see a
iiuck during their stay i>n the shooting
and found nothing at which to
fchoot except mudhenf.
Joe Eppingt r an<i Johnny Coleman spent
the <iit> «>n the mar>h. but the net result
\t ibdr laltors was a. bag of four teal and
■jziv .-....-.-.■ V.
Under the mentorshlp of James Mark
lard Al lA»wer»b«rtf and L. V. eMr!e are
fating on famously whrn after ducks,
hey have advanced t<i that stagQ where
th«-y do r.ot shut both eyes when firing at
their decoys.
The directors of the Olympic Gun Club
met on Wednesday evening and organized
by electing their officers for the ensuing
lenn. The new officers are: Merton C.
Alltn. president; Robert H. Delafleld.
vie* president; L. W. Harpham. record
ing secretary: Herbert Kullman, financial
F»-eT«'tary: W. A. Marshall, captain; A.
li. h,s tr»a*ur«.T; directors — J. Homer
Fritch. W. D. McArthur and Fred B.
Surryhne.
The sport on th»» club's preserve neai*
Cordelia last Sunday was not good. W.
D. McArthur. W. A. Marshall and Mr.
Mci'ann t-arh secured six birds. H. L.
Miller and I~ W. Harpham three and
Gt-orge Walker one. There seems a ten
dency among the members to await more
favorable conditions, a? few of them have
t-lgnliVd their Intention of Ehooting over
the preserve to-morrow.
Dr. G. W, Kleisrr and Walter F. Foster
are Preparing to spend next Wednesday
on tn» preserve. • . • .:".•.•
L. i>. Owens will b«» in Los Angeles
fhnrtly on a business trip and anticipates
mmc "rare sport after quail on the Irvine
ranch. This cov<-rs HOjOOQ acres and Is
well stocked with quail. Mr. Owens and
his party on previous occasions have had
no "difficulty in bazpinir five dozen quail
to th»- Rim. The bag is Limited only. by the
r.unil>» r -.nf shots a man. cares to fire. ..■■'.
Merttn C. Allen, the- new pr/*Kident .of
the i tlymplc Gun ClubMs confined to his
friom* -bv an attack of typhoid pneumonia.
A Fjecdy recover>- is hoped for by his as
■M>riate> and friends.
Fred Johnson, "liilly" Swain and Rert
Patrick fp*-nt Ja6t Sunday on the Black
J.T^k <*luh preserve, Sherman Island. An
drew Buckley shot with the members of
the club as their rurst," The total bag of
the party was thirty bird*. These in
cluded tf-'al. widgeon and spoonbills. Th«
nun saw great numlers of birds, but they
Iffer* so hlph In the air tl ' a rifle bail
would not reach them."
There was no shooting down Alvarado
way.. The members of the Spooney Gun
<"lub wrro not out. but L. R. - talere,
John H. Burf«Jnd. Phirß<keart and other
m»ml>ers will put their, fortunes, to th«
f-t-t to-morrow If the weather conditions
provr favorablei •■ ■■..'•■
H. Justlns. Da\-l«l Thorn ari W. J. Mc-
I>ean h^d *om«» *rr,o<l quail shooting near
I.lvermor«» la«t Sunday: Julius . .Brups
fjirnr The day at Reclamation *L\d secured
ft fr-W (lurks. •;•• ."{ '.'"':'
. ■ ♦ ■ — ■ ■ . .'-.
CYCLERS TO RACE
ON SAN JOSE PATH
McFarland, Stevens, Downing
and Other Stars to Meet in .;.
Various Kinds of ■"■ ; : \
Competition. ' ;V; V
-^— : ■'■'' ■■■)
The propoped winter. season, of blcj'cliei
raring in <"allf<»rnia for amateurs and pro-:
ff?.sl<i!ial.>*. to \p*t conducted by '.Floyd A.
M< r.-irl.-imi. will b«: inaugurated at- San
Jr.F<- to-aorrpw. -The .-meet offers probr
ably the best; Card prepared for a Califorr
nia track this year. There will be thre*
amateur event? — .i third-mile; scratch fof
novices, mile handicap and a b;alf-mil«
handicap; a match race between Hardy.
Ijownir.g and Iver l^awson, best 'two out
of three heats at one. twu and five miles:
k motor cycle race between Freeman and
Downing. McFarland and •Stevrns. and an
attempt on the p^rt of McFurland himself.
to ride a mile better than l:3u. If that is
not enough "events " t.o lempx the cycle
race goer he mu*t indeed w&iu the earth.
The following ■ local crackt have elgnl-
Ced their intention of entering In thb ama>i
teur events: J. K. Wing. X.' F. Kuss-
George Fuller. Dan Manning. Gail Har
d'-nbruok. Ilurton Dcwnlng. Lace Down'
lrie. M. G. Francis K. H. Wastie.Thomai*
U. White. Arthur Davidson. \V. B..Long
will. E. H. Hanje*, Arthur- McDonald
Walter Calvert, Louis Smith. W. v
Lowcnthal, D. E. Francis ' and many
others. ■ • ;
If to-morrow's meet la the hucccbs that
McFarland expects will be, he wUI pro
m«>t»> another on Thankkglvirtg day, and
thereafter he expects to promote meets
In San Francisco. Sacramento and other
joints to keep the men in riding condition
until the big Indoor meet here next
rjirlng. •• . \
l^eavltt nnd BUI are bo well satisflei
with the fuccess of their meet at the
Olympic track last Sunday that they will
SPORTS
FOOTBALL MEN PREPARING
FOR THE GREAT STRUGGLE
On Form, as Shown in the Field, the University of Cal
fornia Eleven Should Repeat Last Year's
Victory.
ANOTHER week of practice and then
the college football teams will have
finished their heavy work prepara
tory .to the big- Thanksgiving day frame.
This coming. week is perhaps the most in
teresting of all the (season, for every day
.}» watched with nervous anxiety both for
Improvement In play and. for accidents.
■'■ • The situation at present is jus: what it
was two yeats ago. . In H% Stanford de
feated California to the tune of 20 to 0.
and in the •.r.ollLiwir.g season the Mue and
gold could' not get together, Try as it
would.: nothing attempted seemed to suc
ceed. As a laM resort the team went to
Del Monte fur the • final practice, but. of
what avail this .proved to be the score of
that year C| to 0) shows. Last year Stan
ford was aii the cipher end of a 22 to 0
.score. To offset the possibility of a repe
tition this season the cardinal secured the
services of Chamberlin. Yale's captain of
I *'.">, and brought him out early In the.
season. Stanford's team to-day is nut
much better than California's two years
ago. Will Del Monte prove a panacea for
tne football ills of trie cardinal: is the
question asked by all.
As far M Stajilurd's playing in this city
goes, the team is in baa snape, not phys
icaily but .».- a team. 1 tie material is
light and with few exceptions inexperi
enced when compared with the eleven
on the other side of the bay. Every dis
advantage possible ftjemeii to thrust it
self upon Captain Murphy In the organi
zation of his team ana everything favored
captain Whipple trom the beginning or
the season, r.lnere coulu not ue a more
perfectly defined parallel with the names
of the teams reversed man the season of
two y^-ars ago.
The best criterion to base a Judgment
upon the relative merits of the two col
lege teams la the games of the Last two
weeks. Stanford met' tne Olympics two
weeks ago on a muddy field ajid scored a
touchdown, which wa-s earned. • Captain
Murphy kicked a field goal and the score
stood •< to 5 at the end of the game In
favor of the Olympics. A week later Cal
ifornia met the Olympics on a field that
was the most poorly adapted to the blue
and gold style of play, yet three touch
downs were scored on the clubmen, and at
no time were the Olympics within possi
ble range- of point-makiug. While this
game was. in progress in this city Stan
ford and the university. of Nevada were
trying conclusions on the Palo Alto cam
pus. Stanford defeated the visitors, but
it w;as a game In which there was a con
test, the. score, of. 17 to 5 not being indica
tive of th«-. playing. Four days later the
University of California eleven met the
University t>f.- Nevada' team and 24 to 0
!' was the •re.
; Thus everything points to another vic
i tory for California on. a purely form
tbasuu Of course much will depend upon
the work done during the present week.
j There have been occasions when over
i confidence has wrought defeat for a
[.clearly superior team-, and the blue and
gold. eleVtn.is certainly suffering from
this destructive bacillus. One thing the
I -Stanford team possesses and that is spirit
| ; and determination. . Not a man on the
• team. lags, in -his work, and every effort
Is being made- .to bring together a team
that will make a showing 'for itself.
r' ' Just rviiy there is U, .peculiar condition
j of. affairs in. regard to. the captains of the
j/ university elevens..- Whlpplt; has been
I barred on account -of a deficiency in
I scholarship, and Murphy is swathing his
side \rt keep a "couple of ribs in place.
Whipp;. 's dilf mma -will probably prove
, more serious than Murphy's, for the la"t
■Mr has/a fair chance of . playing in the
gAme.- Should Murphy be unable to play
Thanksgiving day Stanford will sustain
'an.-irreparable; .less • f'-r the reason that
'.■♦lalifor.nia will- probably play a fierce, crf
• 'fe,nslv<V.game. as Murphy's punts would
I kwp th*-m from the Stanford, goal again
and again. ' ; Whlpp!e's'-loss to the Califor
l.-nfa team' would cut no mean figure. He
j Is one.of the best men In the line, as well
as. being particularly adapted for the cap
. tain^ne of the;- eleven. .If. thA-.doclsion of
L the' faculty rests as final Whippl^'s place
r wijl lie filled by- either Clay or rtseh.
This position. 'right ■ quarter seem
; th» only •uncertain ones on th- .team.
; .This afternoon "on the University of
f./T'h.llfQrnla r«m; the-. University of Call
,'fornla eleven and the. University of Ore
eon ..ttfamwHl" try inclusion*. " Little is
known of -the Oregon .boys.-but a good
pnme is expected -as. the men have been
tinder Ihe-care and Instruction of well
'.efiui'pprd football loaches.
'.The greal question troubling the minds
'of the managers is th.- settling of the
I- officials' for. the Thanksgiving, game.
Robert Wrenn. <juaTterbacii of Harvard,
has brcn -telegraphed for and It Is possible
he : -may come. Worn for th.- game. Others
whos* .names' n re favorably mentioned
are AV...B'. Good win. who has officiated at
• th.- Jnt-e'rcolli«iciat«> game for several years,
! and Coach Dlckson of "the" University of
Nevada c-leyeji. He' was formerly quar
terback n'nthe University of 'Pennsyl
vania tfain:' : '..';'•
•Active v. rk on th* Sixteenth -and Fol
s'>m-Mr*< • grounds Is" rapidly turning the
plnc«» Into' a -creat .hippodrome. There
will I* n- mating" capacity in the stands
treatcr than Jhftt of any preceding year.
The m«.n.of thi? Olympic eleven are get
"ting- ambitious. •'. They' will meet Stanford
;;this afternoon- at Sixteenth and Folsom
.streets. and hs this ts the last appearance
of The clubmen-: in this rjty and the last
of 'Stan-ford- before [the." Intercollegiate
match a .great, deal of Interest is mani
fested by. the followers of both elevens.
g!v« - another in a fortnight, at which no
gate fee and no entraco fee will be
' charged., the same as last week. This
firm deserves credit for Its endeavor to
stimulate Interest in the racing gam.; and
.should havie the earnest, support of all
Üb*
. The California Cycling Club has re
cently had a' big Room In membership.
Last Monday night the Star Cycling Club,
composed, of thirty members. Joined the
California^* fn a body. The Stars were
a touring crowd. but had no permanent
hJntTquart-ers. They will hay»« now the*
ad vantages -"of- the California Club a splen
did rooms. and gymnasium. The amalga
, mation seem? a particularly nappy one
; nd tne' Californlas are hlgh'v pleased,
an the other big local clubs were after
th# members of the Star Club.
'The Callfdrrilas will banquet their mem
■b*rs who served with the Flret California
IVegfment at Manila to-morrow night at
a- downtown Totisserie. and afterwari win
entertain them at the clubrooms. Six
members -qf the club served their country
to the war with Spain.
Chester S. M>rlck. ex-chairman of tne
Associated' Clubs" racing board. Is to bo
married to a charming young woman of
Oakland shortly, and is accepting the con
J emulations of his many friends. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 18, IS9<>.
since they admin;
the crush: - I to the cardii
ground,
elr heads high In the air and they
anticipate another rictoi -Jay. The
mxious to see how
Stanford win comport luu I ler to
n the big With Captain
■ . ■ ■ •■
.•• much weaken* I a
ih» unusual interest in the
match is due to the general I
i team which lines up to-day
: that will face Califoriua
on Thanksgiving duy.
< 'n th.' Inst nu'ics will leave
Portland. where they will me--t
th.- Mjltnom.ih Athletic Club team on
Ing day. There has been a
t-uMu.vi rivalrj . two clubs
- the Multn..m.ihP n
ting ( T-gon and the Olympics
"■ • -.ms are being conducted b*>-
I'nlwrsltv of California elev-
and several of the Id
to Induce them I
: :nng the Christmas
s. Th.- I'nlv. rail
thf University of w . re the fav
\- yet no .!ethii:e r. ;
f.iilur- to
m of the Middle West to
the coa^t the university t^am may
N i return garni
« >reg. m and n. ■-. :th the athletic
club *•:••■ .•• - of Washington v.nd c^regon
- ittle and Portland.
STANFORD MEN ARE HOPEFUL.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 17.—
The past week of training has been rather
a disappointment to the coaches of Stan
ford's football squad. The rains have
been too frequent to allow the grounds to
dry sufficiently for fast practice, while the
bad footing in the field may be blamed
for the injuries received by some of the
men.
The younger McFadden is still out of
the game on account of the sprain which
his knee ."tallied In the Nevada game
last Saturday. This leaves the fullback
position without it moat promising candi
date, all of the work now falling upon
Horen. who, though a good line-bucker.
has neither the weight nor the strength of
hia unfortunate predecessor.
The most serious accident of the season
has been the injury to Captain Murphy.
Just what this injury Is or how serious
it may become the doctors are yet unable
to say. The fact remains • .-..-• even
breathing la painful to the gallant quarter
back, and at th.- time when he is needed
most upon the field he is confined to the
side lines. With the loss of these two
men from the field the past week has In
deed been an unfortunate one for th. car
dinal.
With these exceptions the men are in
excellent condition and show as much zest
for the game as at any time during the
season. Smith and Fisher have shown
l they can be depended upon to make
; gains through a formidable line, as was
i Instanced last Saturday, when they
plugged holts in Nevada's lines or circled
i her ends for large gains. This ability
I to advance the ball anu finally carry it
I over their opponent's goal line Is the
| mo.«t encouraging feature of the last few
I practices. It moans that the Stanford
I boys are rounding Into form and appre
l date the value of team work.
The same three-cornered contest for end
I positions is being carried on between
Parker. Rice and T. McFadden. with the
probability that th- . result will not be
I known before th- team lines up on
! Thanksgiving day. There Is little worry
I over these places, as every one i— ls that
however the struggle Is decided the ends
| will be well looked after.
, Center Is still a position of concern.
i Hayden. Ed Gllman. L»-e and Johns arc
i In the race.' with chances about as in the
] order named.
At right tackle "Babe" Burnett is show-
Ing well. His work improves dally,
especially his block and breaking through.
Hentley. who has been playing the other
tackle position, has shown "little improve
ment In the last week. being often put out
, of the play by his opponent. Unless he
braces up it is likely that one of the men
now playing on the second team will fill
! left tackle in the final match.
■ Do Forest is a fixture at left guard and
I is the best man there since Fickert gradu
ated. The other guard win be either
Tra^ger. Cairns or Gllman. All three of
th»-se men have the weight and action
necessary to fill the position.
With Captain Murphy Injured Erb and
Raitt are the prominent candidates for
quarterback, with the chances probably in
favor of the former.
One week from this morning Manager
Berry takes his team to th* seclusion of
Del Monte, where they will receive the
finishing touches Of the. coaches, at whose
head Is the redoubtable Chamberlin The
men have every confidence In him and he
! will bring them through to victory if it
can be- done. Those who are figuring up
the final score for Thanksgiving day must
remember that Stanford will be repre
sented by ateam or woll-tralned and per
fectly conditioned men who will not give
up ■ gam*» while there remains In them
■ the strength to put up a formation.
The last game between Stanford and
Olympic will be played at the Sixteenth
and Folsom streets grounds to-day at 3
p. m. Stanford will line up the same as
In former games, with the exception that
Erb will be seen .at quarter. Bor'-n at full-
J back and either Cairns or Traeger right
i guard.
SPEED OF HOMING PIGEONS.
The officer* of the California Homing
I'iß'-un »"lub have announced the average
speea per minute of the birds competing
in the three young-bird races of the
southern series. Th* birds from the loft
of John Filmer made the best average
speed, and the silver trophy was awarded
to Mr. Filmer. The official results are;
John Filmer. 1003.14 yards per minute- Will
iam Hartery. M.M: H. C. Worth M is- v
J. Barnes, i«3J,: A. Benjamin 334 43 (two
SCSI'S W - **™ h - K7.;oZ race); J. JaV
vU. Z!2.*6. and B. D. Conollejr. 217.03.
J. Barnes of IG3 Trcmont avenue has
succeeded H. G. Hemelrlght as secretary
of the club Any pigeon fancier can ob
tain Identifying bands for his birds
upon application to Mr. .Barnes.
» ♦ ■
Western Sports, a weekly magazine pub
lished in this city and devoted to all the
sports of the field, will hereafter bear the
title Pastime. Editor C. W. Hibbard will
make no other change in his publication
retaining all the departments dealing with
the movements of the gentlemen sports
men,
WANT THE PRIZES
KEPT UP IN THE
COURSING FIELD
Leashmcn Fear Patronage Does
Not Warrant Three Parks
Running at Hi £h Pressure.
CRBING m-n who (five thought
th« future of the Bport are al
read g th« probable out
..mong the three
parka now running :n this district. All
•hat then- are plenty of dogs ant!
plenty of men to handle them, but not
sufficient ; On tain the high
• the present time The more
■ native of rig men look for
■ Calling off In • . [ prise*. These
were buili up p and much effort
was required before they reached the ac
■ent day. The
Park :: ire unanimous in saying
that there is n ■ th.m under
present conditions, but all affirm they are
in the fight to stay. Th< % men
want th.» prlre standard reduced, as
down It w<.uld be difficult to again
It. DO matter what the conditions
might
The second day'i coursing at the Inter
state Club's plains meet Ing at V
red by ai
jpwen though th
da} was .1 disappointment. Hares were
found readily ■ | d great sport
That • ned no in< .
denced b) the fact that O X Capitol the
wlnn- : „ rll to
tbe slips .i- i nlon Park t<
The regular monthly poppy stake at
Park next week Is expected to
mark the debut of many promising
Th^re are a large nun..
ming of age for c .
I marly gr»at performers
ire expect •-. .ped out of the
■
The eiffh- - .- n stake at
Park j r tmlses good sport for to-day and
rrow. Ttu entries include: Royal
Flush. Lux r, Cavalier, Firm I ■
Wait h. Little, Beauty Spot, Kid McCoy,
Victor King. Silver Lyon, Sweet Emma,
Mountain beauty and O X Ca
A: Baa M it." Park the uogs in the open
stake include: St. Oran. False Flatterer,
Crawford Lad. Hawker. Wild Tratoe,
- Am.riia. St. Anthony, Royal Uuck
ilr and Little FulWton. A so
cial match between J O'Shea's G
by Bmln Pasta ■ |
B. Lopes's I'epita. by Wnratah-" "armon,
will be one of the attractions to-morrow.
They will run two in thr sourses, the
rtr.-t being held after the first round of th,
up'-n stnk>- has been
The sennarionai feature of th.- card at
Ingleside I'ark this week will be th* final
• ■•• for last week'a valuable stake The
opposing <io P s are T. J Cronln's Thorn
hill and K. 1> : ..:>■ of the West
The latter was favorite at odds of 5 to 2
last Sunday. <■ ■ • _ • -. ---tiling
down upon the Held suddenly the final
whs not decided. Th.> dogs were un
sightetl once and also ran an undecided
and Judge Reilly =
ment as the m factory arrange
ment to all concerned. Tl placed
by be*- n • — refunded.
J. H »:--•••- m . - run In the
name of Pas] a Kern last week
for ar: ■ trip through K'ir pc ll
will i- several months and will
witness any eourslng Which may t,.- In
progress where he can sei Illy.
Gus Abercromble has purchased two
six-month-old greyhounds from It. F.. d«*
U. Lop.>z. They ar- by Twister, which is
a full brother to Bt. Clalr and St. I,aw
rence. out of Lily by Wa; •
R. L. Taylor, slip steward at T'nlon
Park, returned • Monday from Kansas.
He brought with him Bye greyh
two being from th.' Bartels X ■
er, to be ad led to his string here.
Will Thompson has his new additions
to his kennels. Little Pullerton and King's
• rer. ready for competition and they
will be s>-nt to the slips this week.
l". a. O'Brien of Ban Ifateo won th.- F..r
Freedom puppy recently raftlod for a
• • All the For Fn-.-dom youi .
are thriving and promise to b<
formers from their lusty appenran. ••»
Overture. •» noted Ehiglish dog. is on hi."
way here to run In the local pirks.
WU TEACH OLYMPIANS
THE ART OF SWIMMING
Champion Sid Cavill Comes From Far-Away
Australia to Join the Ins'.ructors of
the Athletic Club.
SID CAVILL. the Olympic Athletic
Clubs new instructor In swimming
and other aquatic sports, arrived herei
yesterday from his home In Austra
lia. He lost no time In settling down to
work, as he was disporting in the big
tank in the Post street building last
night. Cavill in master of the swim
mer's arts and is expected to prove of
great assistance to the nv-mt»-ra of the
club who go in for aquatic sports. He is
young and energetic and han the faculty
of tif-ing able to impart his knowledge to
others.
Th»- officers of the club have arranged
a swimming tournament for December 13
and are also forming a team of bowlers
to meet a similar team from the Reliance
ilul. of < 'akland.
Contract! have been let for the new
handball court to the west of the present
building. It will be modern In all its ap-
J*** "11 Illtl.
SAN RAFAEL GOLF COURSE
TO HAVE A WATER HAZARD
Los Angeles Country Club Golfers Play Over the Only
Full Eighteen Hole Course in This
State.
I » FEATHER permitting, the sixth i
fortnightly tournament the sixth i
fortnightly tournament of the San
Rafael Golf Club will be held to
day, the. principal events being a men's
handicap at eighteen holes and a women's
handicap at nine holes. The event pet
down on the schedule of the Oakland Golf
Club Is the fourth contest for the cap
tain's cup. but the Oakland goffers are !
devoting their attention so exclusively to
the teachings of "Willie'! Anderson and
Horace Rawllns that It is probable the
competition will be deferred. On Thanks- i
giving day there will be music and a re
ception at the clubhouse at Adams Point.
The San Rafael Golf Club on Thanks
giving day will hold a general tourna
ment, open to members of any golf club.
Members from other clubs who may wish
to enter the tournament should send In
entries, accompanied by three detailed
scores, signed by one or more members
of their club, and stating on what links
and dates the scores were made.
A circular announcing the conditions of
the open competition, match play, to be
held under the Joint management of the i
Oakland and San Francisco golf clubs, I
is being sent out by the secretaries to all
the golf clubs on the Pacific Coast from
Victoria. B. C, to San Diego Inviting en
tries. The first tournament will be held
on the Presidio links on Saturday, Decem
ber 9.
The work of Improving the San Rafael i
golf course is going on steadily. In front I
I of the fifth hole a water hazard is being i
made in a natural hollow. in which there .
will be plenty of water during half of the j
year. The water will be about fifty feet
across and on the banks will be planted
wild rose bus-he* to give the hazard a
; natural and pretty appearance.
In Mill Valley a few enthusiasts have
Improvised a golf course, which, so far
as the obstacles and diiTlcultles to be en
countered are concerned, leaves nothing
to be desired. The first hole Is 275 yards
long, and as the play Is along the county
road a pulled or sliced ball will go over
the fence and get the player into all sorts
of trouble. To the second hole the course
Is across a field, with rough ground and
trees. The distance Is 190 yards. The third
teeing ground Is beyond a grove of trees,
and from it the player must drive over a
five-board fence, up a hill eighty feet high
and down the opposite slope, the length
Of the hole being 420 yards. The fourth
hole Is protected by a natural hazard in
the shape of a creek fifteen feet deep and
nearly fifty feet wide from bank to bank.
Then the player proceeds up a little valley
for 301 yards, after which he returns and
I works his way back to the starting point.
It requires good golf to get safely across
the creek. in front of which there are two
ditches and rolling ground. The course
Is Interesting, and though it owes little
, or nothing to art Is decidedly sporty. The
principal players on It are J. 11. Faraday.
H. G. Playfair and T. T. Greaves.
The new links of the Los Angeles Coun
try Club, w*.lch were formally opened
by the big open tournament of the 4»h
Inst., provide the only full eighteen-hol<»
course to be found In California, and it Is
said that the new clubhouse surpasses
any w«-st of Chicago. The members
of the greens committee which laid out
the course are: J. F. Sartorl. E. P. Tufts
and J. E. Crook, assisted by H. Grindlay.
who learned the royal game on the fa
mous St. Andrew's links In Scotland. Of
course the new links have no genuine
DOGS FOR OAKLAND SHOW.
Entrap for the Oakland dog show close
on the Mtb ln.«t.. and Intending: exhibitors
should therefore lose no time In sending
In their applications to the secretary.
Norman J. Stewart of Aromas. Monterey
County. It If probable that O. J. Albee
of Lawrence will have the largest Indi
vidual entry, as he, Is th.' purchaser of
Mr. St» wart's large kennel of collies. He
probably owns mere specimens of the
Breed than any other kennel In this coun-
Among th© probable entries is Mr.
: . s hull terrier d<« Pet. I. t.y Wo '.
cote Venom-luiKans Countess. Pete is two
-. .. a r- old. Hla Uttle lister, Klchm.>n>l
Lassie, took three firsts at the San Fran
■ !iow of IM Mr. Lowell, the owner
of Pete, has refused large offt rs tot the
dog.
Another typical bull terrier to be shown
is A. Josephs recent importation. Bl<">mH
bury Baron, one of Stratham Monarch's
get. The Baron took first in the novice
class at the late Crystal Palace show at
Syrt'-riham.
Alexander J- Sutherland will show a
magnificent young fox terrier. Flora M.ic
donald by Blemton Reefer, and th-- Sky.
terrier Peggy, which has already won
1 ribbons.
Jam.-s Clyde will exhibit Prince, prob
ably the finest King Charles spaniel in
the States, and the onew hich Mrs. Km
eraon claims to be the best ever bred in
his famous kennels. Mr. Clyde will also
enter his silver gray Scotch terrier d.ig
Wlrple. and a black dachshund. Jack C,
import.-].
Thomas H. Browne, president of the St.
Bernard Club, has abandoned his former
fancy for pets of a smaller breed. He Is
going in extensively for cockers. He has
also quite a kennel of Irish terriers, be
sides having developed a liking for An
gora cats.
N J Hlckman. president of the Pacific
Fox Terri.-r club, baa s-nt his
Negro Joe to the CbUttfl kennel. Baker«
ti.-M. to train for the Held trials Derby.
Other candidates sent down at the same
time are Crocker's Chief. Davis 1 Pride of
Ross Youngs Duke and Kirckhoffs
Blanco. Judge McKonna has sent down
Gladstar. and Van Arsdale his puppy by
Count Gladstone IV-Peachmark.
General Shafter has given Juhn Lucas
the care of his pointer Major 8. and A.
Decourtleux has done the same with his
pointer Nick of N. both of which will con
test for the Derby.
<;eorge L Brainard of Berkeley recently
■old his Oreat Dane Don Caesar, by Vie.
tor-Princes* I'agmar. to Adrian A. Gil
bert of Oakland. The dog refuses to stay
.nd has twice returned to his old
home Mr. Brainard Is willing to annul
the sale but Mr. Gilbert wanta the big
dog He will fasten him more securely
hereafter until he becomes familiar with
his new surroundings.
The monthly meeting: of the Pacific
Mastiff Club will be held on Thursday
next, the 23d Inst.
MOVEMENTS OF THE BOXERS
Al Neill and Georg* Green, the boxers,
are hard at work conditioning themselves
springy turf nor grass putting greens, but
apart from these the grour ! extremely
well adapted to golf. The course tXtendJ
over eighty acres of undulating land and
-veral ttr.r n.iti.ral hazards. It has
been laid out with th»- view of >!1«'
liig loaf«-rs and providing plenty of
tunitl- • i;oif The difficulties are
f" numerous as to det»-r all but enthu
siasts and genuine lovers of the game.
following are the numbers, i
distance* and bogey scores of the eighteen
holes:
<n. N \MK
Yard!- '
n **r
J score.
—
n™^"^^"™
1 'Escondldo
; Windward
3 TfTtAC-
4 Twin
5 Dinky
6 El Puerile
7 I»okout
I Adobe
. :i3
. in
39C
4
5
4
4 •
3
4
5
S
9 Midway :
10 Punch Bowl
11 jLonsacr*
12 Round Top
13 iHIHMde
ll (Toboggan
15 IMej-a
IS !E1 Rlncon
17 Pico
18 [Home
300
m
."*•■
iso
«••
-•
318
317
T>Z
450
4
4
« .
4
S
4
5
4
4
«
t
Total
. 5«24
90
The name Escondldo. or hidden, is given
to the first hole because it is concealed
from the teeing ground near the club
house by an interposing hill. The third
hole. Terrace. Is on an elevation, and the
fifth is called Dinky, from its short dis
tance. El Puente means the bridge, and
Longacre is the longest hole . on the
course, being- nearly COO yards. Round
Top, Hillside and Mesa are named from
the nature of the ground in which they
: are situated, and El Rlncon (the corner)
I is In a corner of the links.
For women and for those who are not
disposed to play over the elghteen-holo
course there fa a short course, which con
l sists of the first six and the last three
I holes of the long course, making a dis-
I tance of 1537 yards, with a bogey of :>
A new golf club lately formed near Los
I Angeles is the Coles I ove, which opened
its links two or three months ago. Cole
grove Is distant half an hour's ride by
electric car from the < enter of Los An
geles, and the first teeing ground of the
links is within a hundred yards of th« sta
tion. The course was laid out a year ago
by Seward Colo, and has been greatly Im
proved under the directions of Dr. Allen.
E. Templar Allen and other golfers. The
course consists of nine hole*, each of
which la protected by a hazard. The nat
ural conformation of the ground provide*
several bunkers, and there are trees and
fences to supply the requisite further trib
ulation for the ardent golfer who pulls,
slices, tons or foozles his ball.
The wide spread of golf threatens to
absorb the world's available supply of
gutta-percha. The present price of golf
balls la from J3 50 to $4 a dozen, and would
be advanced if the supply of raw material
fell short. Chemists have repeatedly tried
to find a cheaper material for the. manu
facture of golf balls, but so far unsuc
cessfully, the balls they have made lack
ing durability and resiliency. Celluloid
balls have been tried, but they are. too
heavy and do not carry well Next to
new balls, old ones made over are best,
but they require time to season. A good
golf ball should keep Its shape, keep its
paint on and keep its line on the put when
. it is hit straight.
for their meeting next Friday- night.
Both men have been training hard for
the coming bout and. as is usually the
case, both are confident of landing the
winner's end of the purse.
Nell! has been doing some heavy ad
and gymnasium work at the terminus of
the Halght street line and says he feels
stronger than he was when he and Green
met before. Green is anxiously await
ing the night of the fight, a.* he wants to
prove to the followers of the rinc that
the decision given against him in his
fight with Nelll was unjust. Me hopes to
prove this by a decisive victory over his.
old opponent. Green has been faithfully
training at the Seal Rock House for the
past month and Is brown as a berry and
as hard as nails. He do*?s not hold Nelll
too cheaply and will enter the ring in
tine fettle.
Maxwell and Turner are also hard at
It and will surely make one of the best
preliminary "goes" ever seen In this
city. Both" arc out for the championship
Of the coast In their class and will make
every effort to land the plum. Manager
Gibbs of the National Club promises one
of the best exhibitions .seen in this city
in months next- Friday night and Is mak
ing every preparation for the reception
of a large crowd.
On Tuesday evening the Columbian
Athletic Club will hold Its Initial exhibi
tion. The managers of the club have ar
ranged a card consisting of eight bo'its
In which the leading amateur boxers of
the city will take part. The event of the
evening will be between Eddie Toy and
Charles Vickers. They fought a draw at
their last meeting and their coming "go"
should be full Of interest. The other
bouts scheduled are eight-round contests
between Charles Thurston and Chane*
Post at 147 pounds: William Toy and Joe
Long at 150 pounds; "Kid" Johnson and
Charles Collins at LTD pounds- "Kid"
Dobson. alias "The Alligator." and Bob
A-mstronjr. the "Black Cyclone." j O ..
Kennedy has consented to spar a three
round bout with Pete Long. As this will
be the former's first appearance in this
city since his Eastern trip he- should
prove an attraction. " ««uiu
J. A. McOlnley. the well-known boxer
who made tuch a good showing against
Dal Hawkins some years ago, will >i I.
referee. To Insure fair play the 'inh
managers Intend choosing two exerts
of &^te°sts Ct M ***** ° n th * &""
SWIMMERS AT SUTRO BATHS.
The amateur swimmers ar.d divers will
dispute in the waters of Su:ro Baths to
morrow afternoon as usual. The entries
received for the various events follow:
Flfty-yarri dash - Juveniles LetekM ■■
Pehllllnif. F N>.l. R. cook. VV. nimlw c!
hh 11 * 1 ?- i WUber - "■ Sull^«"' w u w,Z:
JWlVard tub race-E. lUwUnwn?* KwrtSSj
H. Ol.en. R. T^rry. K. UeboMK Trick and
'*"<•>• 'rHnrb,,ar.l .Hvinc-H fawliwon J
mlck. W. Hoffman. J. Cathoart. R. Cardell
A. B*ftiatort. R. Ri<Jin . O. Mlsner. *-■"'"•
Berlin is to have a Yon Moltke statue.
DOLPHIN OARSMEN
WILL STRIVE FOR
A DIAMOND MEDAL
The South End Rowing Clut An
nounce a Regatta and a HanJ-
tail Tournament Next
Month.
/%/■ EMBERS of the rrcatta commit
/ ▼ \ of the Pacific Association
of the Amateur Athletic I'm:;
held a .neetlng on Wednesday r.lght at
which there was a I«-ngthy discussion
with regard to the definitions of the foUr
oared barge and outrleged skiff to be
adopted Dy the association. A jar(r»» Is
understood to be a craft tha oarlock.*'
of which are on the gunwale, but the
members of the regatta committee adrilt
that some, of the most recently built,
barges have oarlocks which project a ift
tie beyond, the gunwale and tend to de
velop Into outriKKt'Tst. \\\ B. Hinchman
of the Aiarhrda Hoat Club and I>r. C. C.
Dennis of the South End Rowing C:ub
were appointed a committee to visit Al
Rogers, '.he boat-builder, and to ascer
tain the dtslres of the oarsmen with le
gard to the four-oared barge. With re
gard to the out rigged skiff it was decided
that It should be an open bout, with at
least six lap streaks and not exceeding
twenty-one and a half feet in length.'
the beam to be left to the discretion of
the builder. It was also decided that none
of the boats at present owned by qny
of the rowing clubs should be a!Toc:e.d
by the new definition. It Is expected that
regatta* under the management of th*
Pacific association will in future be held
on Oakland Creek and that the prizes for
championship events will be cups, to be
held by the clubs to which the winning
crews belong and not medals to the Indi
vidual oarsmen, the cups to become tha
property of any club whose represerta
tlves win the same event three times.
Th" ten:,
of the Ar:-
Dlred ..
made th- f- Mowing i " -
l>re*!(!.-nt W;.:..r:. H presl
tnry. A Taylor; fin -. ■
-
delegates t ■ •■ • } -■--.- • <thre»r
to be i -
right. D. J. Sheehar
for directors (fl p. j
Knrtrhf.
1 ■ J
• rg. i apt air.. Jam-
tenat- n. The e|
will take place on tbt first Monday In
.
The South End Rowing Club held a
meeting on Tuesday Eight at which tha
approaching club regatta was discussed.
It will be held on the Sunday after
Thanksgiving day and there will be barge
and outraged skiff races. Another Junior
barge crew will be formed. On regatta
day play will begin In the handball tour
nament, the entries to which close on ;he
last Sunday in November. Ihe players
will be divided Into five or six classes by
the committee and a large Hat of entries
Is expected. On Sunday there was a mc»
at Long Bridge between the Midgets and
the Foley-Lienr.ls bargf rrew. the latter
winning. The Midget.*, however, were not
In good condition and lacked the services
of Gus Carson, so their defeat was not
a decisive one. Dr. C. C. Dennis has ap
plied to be placed on the retired list of
officers of the Naval Militia.
The Alameda Boating Club held a reg
ular meeting on Tuesday, at which the
entertainment to be given In Armory
Hall. Alameda. for the benefit of tha
club was discussed. It will be a vaude
ville show and 111 take place on Friday
evening, the Mta inst.
At Its last meeting the Dolphin Boat
ing Club chose the following members of
the nominating committee: T. J. Sulli
van. T. R. K^enan. George Baker. C. M.
Farrell and W. O. Patch. The following
new members were elected: F. iVt'rs.
Con Conniff. H. A. Swedlund. John Fru
denburg. George Beacht and Theo !.»
rond.. The proposal to buy a new skiff
was laid over until the decision of th.«
Pacific association with regard to »h»
dimensions of the skiff Is made.
Th" riving barge which was Injured at
the El '.'ampo regatta and the barge Wle
land will be repaired. The Dolphins find
that their boats become so blackened
by the coal tar from the works of tho
Equitable- Gas Company that It 1* pro
posed to paint them some dark color out
side. A club regatta will 1.- held on tho
3d of December at which the third -ac«j
for the diamond mednl will he the prin
cipal event. A. W. Pape. W. O. Patch
George Baker and a fourth man will bo
formed Into a senior barge crew..
■ ♦ . ■
LEADERS FOR THE
PENNANT TO MEET
Sacramento and San Francisco
Baseball Team Scheduled to
Play Their Final Series at
Recreation Park.
The Sacramento and San Francisco
baseball teams are to play their final me
; rles of games at Recreation Park this
week, and the interest of the "fani" In
th<? coming: contests la Intense. Although
It la generally conceded that the local ag
gregation will have to be satlsfV & with
second place, still the member* of th«
team retain a flickering ray of hope, and
they will have many followers on hand
, Saturday and Sunday to give them en
courasrement. Aside from the chamrton-
I .-hip tlßht the final games wll! no doubt •
I attract both the "fans" and thn-j* who
i like the came, as they can dep«-nd or. the
Friscos and the Sacramentos for good and
exciting exhibitions, as both teams have
never yet failed to keep the spectators
guessing from start to finish. There Is al
ways a prospect of an extra Innlrjr con
test when they meet, and In nearly every
series they have played It has been neces
sary for them to play more than the reg
ulation limit to de»ide th* winner.
The most remarkable of their extra In
ning contests took place In Sarramento
I last Sunday. when darkness intervened at
the end of the eleventh Inning Neither
side sent a man across the plate dunnc
the came. The entire series will be played
at Recreation Park this week, the second
game being scheduled for to-morr.»w
1 morning. The Une-up for to-day's tarn;
, Is as follows:
Sacramento. IViltlon. "anrYiiu law.
Stanley Catcher Sullivan 1
Harvey FUeh«?r ihurjr
O'Connor Flr»t base Courtn-y
Stulti Hwon.l base Ilel!!?
flhrehan Thh base nrockhoff
EaKan..-. Shortstop Krusr
McLauichlln L*?t fl-M Mm>r
ghanahan Ontrr fl.-M py n <»
Doyle K!«ht n>M HllJebrand
j - m ■ —•-.
J. I. Ross of Petaiuma received a grey
hound with a reputation from Australia
yesterday. The <! ■■«' Is Blsicher. runner-uu
for the last New Zealand Waterloo. Ho
Is fawn In color and la finely propor
tioned. Bluey. a half-brother, caste on
the same steamer
56
53b
SATURDAY -...I NOVEMBER : 8, 1859
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A!! Communication* to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. '
PUBLICATION CFncrrr^M^K^To^rTM^Ts^^ f
?«:«r.bca* Main ISO.
I . ORIAL ROOMS ...£l7 to 221 Stevenson Street
■ b«M tin:'
DrwvERED nr cauriers. is ctzsts per week.
ttocl* Ccpl»«, 5 eeata, ••; '
Ikn • by Mali. Xacludls* Poeta**! - - ■•■'• :
PaTLT CAY.L <!r.cJua!nr Parscay Cail). one y»ar '.CO.on
DAILY CALL <:sr2u-»:r.r Suaday Call). «. months.. ft.OO
PAILY CALL. <:r.c.u£lnr £unc"ar Call). I BX.tV.fci .. ' 1 .""
DAILY CALL— By £:sr'.t Menu .., .... Csc
SUNDAY CALL ~T.e Y»-ar „.. . IJIO
WEEKLY CALL On« Year *...;...'.! 1.00
All peiuauttn *.•« autboMr^* to r«o*iv. mtibmatpOaßM.
£*£&:• copte* will bt forw-*r£ed when r:qu«te<l
UAKLAAD OFFICE .903 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Meo.fcer Foreign Advrrtl«!na. M»r«juett; Tuildlnt.
Cliivato. , • •
NF.W YORK CORRESPONDENTi
C. C. CARLTO.N ■..; Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE^
PERRY LLKL.NS JR,.. S9.Trtbapo Building
CHICAGO .NEWS STANDS.
twinmii Hcu*»: P. O. .Vrti C<x; Great Ncni»ra Hotel'
rrraent Ucnae; Aucltcrlua HotrL
NEW YORK .NEWS STANDS.
.. ""aia'Jrt-Aatona Hctel; A- i'restaao, H- Ualoa Scusr*:
W=rr*y toll Houl.
WASMLNGTON (D. C.) OFFICE.. Wellington Hotel
J. L. E>GUSH. Correspoadeat.
BRANCH OFFICES— E2T Montoornery etreet. corner Ctay.
cp«n until 9:50 o"clocK. 300 Hay?* itr t- coen until
S3O o'clocK. 639 McAllister, street, .open until 9JO
clock 615 LarKln street, open until 930 o'clocK
■Hl Mlitlon street, cpen urjtl! 10 O'clock. 2561 Market
ttr*et. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o"clocK.. 1096
Vclcncla street, cpen until 9 ccloc<. 106 Elever.tt)
street, cpen until 9 o'clock: Wit. corner Twenty;
s«cond end Kentucky streets. cp«n until 9 o'clock.
AMTTSEIIENTS. . .
Ora*xma— Tasagrilla.
CoJutsbSa— "Wtr Smith I>tft Hoca*.** . •■-••--
C»!!forcU— "WKat Happr.ed to Joa«. - ■ ;
Ttro'J— "The iUjiked ii*a." . . • -
Alouaiwritfy mend n^a iaClm." "
Grand Oper»-fcs>u»«— "Th* Merry lloairch.--
yew AXtoLXzhT*— -A Lutiy of V,'J»..l)i." ' '.
Oiuim, a»o aal Thtaier-;v«ji(iev;il« wvmty aftersooa *^i
OljtrspU. coraer Sli«>n aad Kill nr^u- SpecUJUe*.
C«-ntr»J Park-et«<pl*ehaj.« %i ' ptrTonsasoea.
l'.^,-:e Bootn. J-:,.-a-> Hot^l-JicxJ*! Doll Etow. . '
1.--:-..-., r. :•:.: r :'-.i.-. 1... .: U>-4a.j-. . . . •
Cu)Bs:bl»— EmertAlr.ra<ct of . A 4**. Gu« I^o<]c« IMb 1 B. F.
O. cf IT.ka. b-:. ".. . >■ •♦t-rii.jca. • ■ • • . '
X\'e»ura Turf Association. Paa :.:..:*> Couaty— R*j?ml.
. _ rs^Sg*»t^r 5^Sg*» t^ ■ ■ " ■ .. ■
CVLRLAND FREIGHTS.
T- ■• - •- : ■
■
- -
■
Ftan
■
» a regu
-e».
- '
n by
■ •
m hi>
-
• he .was
hirer a« to
leire bun a pre r.r even wbel
• charge it I - .: stonier*.
We leave it to cur merchants here to say how long
they can stand up against such business methods a.
that. It rr.ear.s that the manufacturer dumps his sur
plus here, through a St. Louis. • house • that, pays no
rest nor taxei ia California, and gives such a confi
dential abatement of prices as to obliterate the freight
item entirely! The St. Loub house, then, Is asking
a favorable differential oa less than carload lots that
it may ad>i the reduction in freight to its profits. That
house complained that because it did not get this dif
ferential its customers in California had to resort to
jobbers hereto fill up their stocks! He begrudged
this small item of business to our local jobbers!
The commission will lit here in January next to get
our side of the «tory. . The representative* of the over
land roads and of the Traffic Association are com
bined in resistance to the demand 'of the Chicago and
St. Louis jobbers. The Pacific Coast Is claimed as
the "natural territory** of the St. Louis jobber*, and a
freight policy is demanded which will forever forbM
profitable prosccction of the jobbing trade here, and
Pend all dreams of the . profitable founding of
ifactures among us.. '•!"'•' " .
e, issue is of ►■- • magnitude. The lines have
beca drawn. Our commercial enemies have stated
their caM From this time until the -.commission
conn here it is necessary that our jobbers, whole
caler* and manufacturers fortify their case with all
available teytimony. St Lbui*. and Chicago will be
represented by the keenest attorneys they can employ,
fcr the spoil is rich and worth a costly campaign.
The issue presented is: Shall commerce on this coast
consist solely of retail shop-keeping? If 50, it is of
no more importance than the aboriginal trade carried
en by the Indians who met annually in the Yosemite
Valley to swap California acorns for Nevada pine nuts
and jackrabbit skins. • . : .
■■■"'. . .-
Andrew Carnegie is likely to offend seriously some
of the gentlemen who travel in his "set" He has
the free library fever and has made to the city of Tuc
son the offer of a gift similar to that -.which created
tuch a slir in Oakland. Such persistent hereby as this
is likely to be rebuked by Hun tin gt oa and the others
who are so fearful of "over-education."
The British War Office has accepted 1.0,000 plum
pvddings for the soldiers .fighting in South Africa.
Johnny Bull's warriors : evidently believe that even
if they may be a little heavy around Christmas time
Boer bullets will be at least a pure, cure for indiges-
A British naval official of some prominence says,
in criticism; of the American soldiers in the Philip
pines, that they look tired. The critic probably for
got that the Filipinos arc sprinters of amazing agility.
Aguinaldo has lost his most dangerous weapon
of war. The American troops hare covered them
selves with glory in a brilliant engagement and have
captured the rebel leader's printing press.
One day's record of the conflict in far-off Luzon—
feven gallant American soldiers killed and a million
dollar cruiser lost And still the sacrifice goes on.
THE STANFORD ENDOWMENT.
•^pHE conversion of her various railroad holdings
THE money by Mrs. Stanford is of the highest
[n -
*. significance not only to California but to the
whole world's educational interests.
It brings in sight a final endowment of the T-e'.and
Stanford Jr. University amounting to thirty millions
of dollars. Safely invested at a minimum rate of in
terest this will yield an annual income sufficient for
the administration of the greatest university the world
has ever seen. Such an income can easily be the
means of transferring to California the highest teach
ing talent on the planet. Teachers and facilities for
original investigation make great universities, \\ ben
the Moorish universities in Spain were keeping the
lamp of learning aflame in the middle ages the work
depended upon the possession of means to command
the best teaching talent of that dark age. Their man
agers did not confine them to Mahometans in the
faculties, for Tew and Gentile alike were welcome to
their, ranks if they brought learning a:^l the gift of
imparting it What was true then as a factor in uni
versity policy is true now, and has been true ever
since. A university that could command the services
of Lavoisier, Humboldt, Agassiz, Huxley, Dar
win, De Laplace, Kepler or ... peers would
always have been great, no matter where lo
cated. The discoveries of science have so im
measurably enriched the modern world with
facts, with things known within the physical
universe, that there is on hand material to be men
tally digested and applied that will occupy the bright
est minds for generations to come.- The ancient
teachers, outside the school of Aristotle, had an easy
t2sk compared to that which is set for their modern
successors. Their labors were largely in the field of
metaphysics. The problems they had in hand were
largely psychological. But the world of those
problems has been circumnavigated and thoroughly
charted. Its winds and currents are mapped, its
shoals, reefs, capes and headlands are all as familiar
■ ■:-:••■■
as the terms in which they are expressed.
The modem problems are physical. They concern
the origin and properties of .... and sound;
the effects of gravity, the origin and properties of
cosmic matter, and all the physical phenomena which
concern all forms of life. The modern student delves
in the mad slimes, and the relation of every physical
force to the development therein of primordial life.
He watches the hesitant stage of that life in which it
debates a choice between the animal and the vege
table form, and he seeks for the forces which, in either
conflict or concurrence, determine its final selection.
The university of to-day is the prompter of all im-r
provements in the application of natural energy to
the use of man. Chemistry and mechanics, analysis
and synthesis, the correlation of force, all of the
problems of matter and motion, re known to be con
vertible to economic use. The modern field and or
chard and vineyard, the method of convening their
product to human the means of its distribution to
the distant consumer; the study, of the rocks to de
termir.e the best purpose of their formation, and the
reduction cf ores that the imprisoned minerals,
precious and useful, of which they are the matrix,
may be freed, are all the vital concern of the modern
Everything, from a drop of rain to a grain of dust,
; is within the scope of scholastic inquiry.
j . It is plain, then, that a university for to-day and
i the future, if it propose to cover the vast field of
human interest, must have the amplest means o
, adapt it to us purpose. •
The Alexandrian Museum, with its library and
academic organization, which is the model of our
present day universities, had royal origin. Alexander
the Great and his half-brother, Ptolemy Sotei were
\ pupils of Aristotle, and both put the wealth of the
I Alexandrian conquests into the equipment of the
; Alexandrian school, to which the world owes a debt
; impossible of liquidation. The two Macedonian boys
i were moved by the noble sentiment of gratitude to
i their teacher, and to that the world owes an enlighten
! mer.t that will never be quenched. It is probable that
i from that far time until now no school has arisen
, equaling in the force behind it the one they founded,
I with the single exception of the Stanford University.
■ Its founders built and dedicated it to be the monu
; ment of a holy sorrow. In its development of all
that Aristotle dirr.ly sax, of all that was then inchoate
; and inceptive, this great university will light a lamp in
the world that will blaze undimmed in fellowship with
that which was lighted by the conquest of the world.
In a wonderful way Mi Stanford's energies have
I broadened with the burden laid upon them. She has
now greatly released herself from the distraction of
energy and attention inseparable from the manage
ment of her large investment in railroad property, and
i has in hand the immerse resources which are to be
j devoted to the one object and great work of her use
' ful life. What she has done and proposes is great not
: only in itself but in its example. Her work is a moral
1 spur to others v.ho cherish plans of the highest use
j fulness to man. But California, as the immediate
: beneficiary of her great motives and their conversion
j into great acts, salutes her with feelings inexpressible.
THE PflNflMfl CfINAL SCHEME.
PANAMA has applied for annexation to the
United States and the application has been de
nied. The reports from Washington, which
■ deal but briefly with the negotiations considering
i their importance, state that while Panama for some
time past has endeavored to maintain an indepen
dence, no Government has recognized her as a nation.
| She continues in the eyes of diplomacy to be one of
! the United States of Colombia, and it was to avoid
endangering our friendly relations with that republic
that our Government declined to consider the pro
posed annexation.
It is probable the movement for annexation on the
part of Panama is a part of the plan devised by the
| Panama Canal Company to induce the United States
to back up that enterprise and abandon the plan for
constructing a canal at Nicaragua. If by any means
the territory of Panama could be brought under the
control of the United States and our Bag be raised
there the victory of the Panama canal over the
Nicaragua canal would be virtually won. A waterway
through a country completely under our control
would be so much more advantageous than one
across the country independent of us that Congress
would hardly hesitate in making choice between
them.
Abundant evidences exist to show that the pro
moters of the Panama, project are making earnest ef
forts to have their enterprise taken up by the United
States. Some of the most influential papers in the
Eaft have .given expressions to opinions more favor
able to Panama than to Nicaragua and have backed
them by arguments of no little force.
The Baltimore American, after pointing out that
! neither of the rival companies claiming Nicaragua
i concessions has done anything to construct- a canal
by that route, recently said: "The Panama canal is
built more than a third of the way. There is no ob
stacle to the construction of it at any point along the
j route, and it is in the ; hands of a perfectly safe and
lIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, BATXJBDAY, NOVEMBBB is. 1809.
ecom mpany, which is poshing the work as
rapidly as is consistent with i nstruction
The marked difference between the Panama and the
proposed Nicaragua route, the Cons-.: iayi - that
the Panama car.a!. when completed, will ha\e two
-'.:d natural harbors, one at each cad. while the
Nicaragua canal, it built, will not ha\e a harbor at
have to be built at enormous
The Record takes i similar view of
the suhuvt and not long ago declared: "It haa I - I
our opini : - ■'.. of course, to change, if an im
rough examination shows its weak
-anal purposes the Panama route
■ the Nicaragua roote. If th«
trade between California and thr seaboard
- considered, then Nicaragua might be
a bet ' '• it is nearer to our frontier;
but when the peneral trade of North and South
America and Australia is taken into account, it seems
to us thai as a converging and diverging
-et'erred."
These are but illustrations of the expressions which
mon in the Eastern press. Public sen-
N to be overwhelmingly in favor of an
sr.al. but the term is no longer used as
synonym- Nicaragua canal. T
terpr - I and many supporters in this c^
et prove : • onc>
SOMETHING must be done to protect horses
the lia: oa the bituminous
paved streets when rendered slippery by mois
ture. i::c : : .-e::-.en have represented to the Super
■ I l bich confront the depanment
a to tires over such streets, the Society for
' I V to Animals has pro
ng of bitumen pavements, and
-rs of the Driving : :O n. draymen and
• of all sorts have long been aware of the
- the application of an effective remedy
c evil.
San Francisco is not the only city that has rafl
y. Whererer bituminous pavements have
eea laid :t has been noted that when they become
wet with rain cr ever, moist with fogs or heavy dews
they become so s.i; pery as to be a menace to every
team passing over them. The remedy which has met
most favor is that of sprinkling the streets
sand at night or in the early morning and leaving
the sand upon the streets so long as it remains moi<t.
That remedy works a double benefit, for it not only
affords a gritty surface giving a good foothold to
et while it is on the streets, but when swept away
:t carries with it the d:rt and grease which accumulate
on the pavements and leaves them cleaner than they
be other ■ -
• :i meeting of a committee of the Supervisors
r AigehJnger introduced a resolu
-;>rinkling Market street .vith sand,
referred to a meeting of the full
• :*- ■ tingi the ■
direr-.:, before the | pie as a question of practical
lent It should therefore engage the atten
• • nd have the rapport of all who have any con
cern in the welfare of te ng along the street
er for business or for pleasure.
Th- Francisco
n abundance of «.irj within reach. The material
' I ' it entail any
re to have it carted and
sprinkled along the street That the results will be
beneficial i* <ure. for the experience of other cities
has been invariably of that nature.
Our rainy season has now begun, and for months
- me Market ftreet will be wet and slippery to
• exter.t almost every day. l*n><=s jotnething be
done to prevent, there will be a daily recurrence oi
rg and falling horses with attendant danger of
accidents to persons ?.s well as to the horsea them
serves. It therefore beboores all who are interestc I
to urge the Supervisor! to take immediate action
upon the resolution when it comes before them. T^ere
lid be a strong re; - | citizens at the
meeting on Monday to advocate the reform. Every
day of delay rr.eans a further mmqce of serion* acci
ard aftrr the experience of the past our horse
men and teams) I anfly need more to cor •
them of the necessity for providing a sure and
ting for horses along a thoroughfare so crowded
as Market street.
T~^> RITISH military authorities have complete con
j •• i over the telegraph lir.es connecting South
Africa with the rest of the world, and accord
can regulate the transmission of news to suit
themselves. They have established a censorship
which amounts to an almost complete suppression of
news, and as a result very little is known concerning
the progress of the war and the comparative suc
cesses of the two forces.
When a pre^ censorship was established by our
military authorities during the war with Spain the
British never wearied in pointing out the folly of
suppressing the truth. They condemned the cen
sorship with all the warmth and zeal of candid friends.
They informed us again and again that no such cen
sorship would t»c permitted to British generals by
the truth-loving British people. Very quickly the
tune of the critics has changed. American censor
ship was mild in comparison xith the extent to which
the suppression of news has been carried out by the
orders of General Buller. and yet the British public
that was so clamorous against the American military
authorities is silent or impotent under the denial of
any comprehensive information concerning a war
in which that public is far more interested than it was
in the fight between ourselves and Spain.
What the British officials hope to gain by depriving
the world of any but the scantiest bits of information
about the wnr is not wholly a matter of conjecture.
It is very well known that at the start the conflict was
not popular. A strong party in Great Britain, com
prising rot only the Liberals, who were naturally
ed to the Si!i<;bury Ministry, but a host of men
of eminence in science, art and letters, was by do
means pleased with the aggressive tactics of Chamber
lain, and was engaged in an active campaign of edu
ction among the people when the Vtrfaoke out U
has therefore been felt necessary by the Ministry ro
avid anything likely to make the' war unpopular.
When Parliament was called together to vote sup
care was taken not to ask for an increase of
regular taxes or the imposition of a wnr tax lest that
• :he taxpayers unwilling to prolong the
conflict. A victory would of co,:r-e -tirrnilate en
thusiasm and make the war popular as nothing ehe
: If the Government had anything like a vic
tory to report the news would be given out promptly
enoupii. About the only conclusion to be drawn
from the enforcement of the censorship, therefore is
that the British are being beaten. Why else should
the news be suppressed'
If the election tragedy in Kentucky reaches it,
threatened climax there will probably be fewer votes
to quarrel over at the next election.
SENDING MARKET" STREET.
BRITISH PRESS CENSORS.
ACROBATIC DISPATCHES FROM THE FRONT.
HOW THE BRITISH ARMY IS FORCED TO WIN VICTORIES BY TELEGRAPH-
ON THE BATTLEFIELD.
Xo. I— "TVrrlb!.* <lef<>at. Our force!
cut to pieces."— OeneraJ White.
AT PORT SAID.
No. 4— "Boer forces cut to plec*. It
muit have been by the Irish Fuslleers.
I will put that in."
PRACTICAL USES OF WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
Bulwer, In one of his novels, takes his hero to a region. underground .where the
people are more highly developed than tho.«e on earth. . Among other thhigs; they
have a mysterious and Invisible force at their- disposal . which:. • en
ables them by wafting the hand- to kill their ...enemfea . at. any
distance. It is a plausible- inference that he had. . at ; . the ..••.time
he ■1 writing, some vague presentiment of wireless . telegraphy, and..- that
electricity was the mysterious force. The successful experiments thus far made in
wireless telegraphing have been in a narrow compass— not more than forty or fifty
miles having been covered; but It la given out that Marconi will now endeavor
to "Send messages five hundred miles. lie believes that this can. "be done. .«nd :It
does seem that if a message can be sent fifty miles by. this process there ought to
be no diillculty in sending it farther, provided there Is some one at the other end
to receive it. - ' ..'■'■■:'■
Marconi Is talking of being able to destroy fleets In time of war., but man')' have
regarded his predictions as dreams. If. however, his invention can be perfected
bo as to send electricity to any distance and in any quantity, there does not ap
pear to be any obstacle to the realization of Bulwer's fancy given to. the public
nearly forty years ago. . . • ■
Buffalo Commercial. • ■ . ■■■
The now system of wireless telegraphy will be put to a practical use. for the
first time In actual war, by the British in South Africa. Even If :\\ floes not ac
complish all that la claimed for it. the invention is undoubtedly superior to any
methods of signaling hitherto available for military purports. -Its adoption by the
British War Be* for the South African campaign explains the hurry .call", re
ceived by Marconi at New York to return at once to England, and. nti . was
obliged to go without completing the promised, series of experiment* under the
auspices of the United States Navy Department. ; ' . '. .'-...■ '.".
There will be much interest on the part of electrical experts, and aU who
are watching the developments of the new system to see how far It can be- utilized
advantageously In connection with military operations on a large scale. Some of
Marconi's assistants have already started, for South Africa with thirty-tvro -sets
of Instruments, and others will follow. Marconi is represented as anxious to go
himself, but is held back by the directors for his company, for the very'good
reason that his life is too valuable to be exposed to dancers incident to the' cam
paign. . -' . " .
THE CALL'S POSITION
ON THE PACIFIC COAST
"Pacific CotLst Advertising."
The Call as an advertising medium for
legitimate goods Is without a superior on
the Pacific Coast, for the reason that It
offers quantity and quality. The daily
average of circulation during the first six
months of 1599 was 53.K2, almost entirely
In the homes of people of discrimination.
The paper. In the point of artistic ar
rangement and the selection of literary
attractions. to easily in the lead of all
competitors. Th' Sunday edition of The
Call presents each week pages of half
tone Illustration which Is not excelled
even in the best monthly magazine. In
every l?suft The Call Is foremost in tele
graph news Henic*. Its great scoop in
regard to the S-amoan Commission agree
ment was one of the most brilliant pieces
of news-getting on record. The Call dares
to tell the truth at all times, to print all
the news that Is news; stands for pure
politics in city, State and nation.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
"Willis Pike, an extensive fruit grower
of Fresno, Is at the Grand.
A. Albrecht, a well known real estate
man of Fresno, is at the Lick.
E. B. Holmes is registered at the Occi
dental from Washington. D. C.
J. Weil, one of the leading; business men
of Sanger, Is a guest at the Grand.
R. E. Smith, a well known lumber mer
chant of Stockton. Is at the Grand.
F. 8. McCormlck has come up from his
home In Los Angeles and is a guest at the
Occidental.
A. W. Jackson, a lucky mining ■ man
from Dawson, Is among the arrivals of
last night at the Palace. ■• •
E. S. Churchill, the barker and capital
ist, is at the Palace with his wife. They
arrived yesterday from Napa. .. ;
J. 8. Allen, an American merchant,
whose home is In Yokohama, is at the
Occidental, on his way to the Orient.
Edward delaCuestra.a prominent poli
tician and chairman of the Santa Barbara
Board of Supervisors, Is at the Lick.
Joseph R. Ryland. a wealthy capitalist
of San Jose. Is at the Occidental, where
he registered yesterday with his family.
F. V. Gooch. a traveler from England,
Is at the Palace, where he arrived yester
day from the southern part of the State.
H. P. Stabler, a wealthy fruit grower
and packer of Yuba City, la registered at
the Lick on a short pleasure trip to the
city.
Dr. F. Talcott, one of the leading medi
cal men of Los Angeles, is registered at
the Palace while on a flying vUit to this
city.
R. A. Pry or, a wealthy merchant of
Melbourne, who arrived on the Australian
steamer yesterday, is a guest at the Cali
fornia.
E. R. and C. D. Broadbent. English gen
tlemen, who are traveling for pleasure
and recreation. were among the arrivals'
of yesterday at the Occidental.
P. J. GUdemeester, who Is connected
with one of the leading piano manufac
tories of the East, Is a guest at the Pal
ace. He arrived from New York a few
days ago, and Is now fully recovered
from a recent Indisposition.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, D. C. Nov. XL— A*.
• Squires of Santa Clara County is
at the Shoreham; H. A. W/ncoup of San
Francisco is at the St. Janes.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ROSEMARY— J. C, Berkeley. CaJ. The
I>lay entitled "Rosemary" was written by
Luui« N. Parker.
I.AMKNKSS-C. C. La Panza, Cal. The
question asked In regard to lameness of
a horse's- shoulder is one that ran only bo
red DT a veterinary surgeon after
an examination of the animal.
THE MINT-A S. <:ty. Those who
seek posUiqnß In the United States branch
AT DURBAN
No. 2— "l win mako thi« : "Force cut
to pieces.— General While.' "
AT GIBRALTAR.
No. s— "Boer forces cut to- pieces by
the Irish Fusileers! The Seotph must
have had a hand In it... too. -.Til put
that In." . • ;.-.• . : . • . -'
Baltimore American,
mint In San Francisco must take the civil
service examination. Apply at the mint
for examination blanks.
SHARKET AND JEFFRIES-R.. Red
dtriK. Cal. Tom Sharkey and Jim Jeffries
never met In the rinr before May 6 I*?*.
in San Francisco, when the former was
defeated by the latter In twenty rounds
HEENAN--SAYERS.- Subscriber. San
I>andro. Cal. In the Heenan-Sayers. P r
ft«ht which took place at FarnboroLirh.
Er.^land;- April 17, IS6O. for £4CK> and the
championship belt, the stakes -were drawn
and tach man was given a championship
"OF" and "OFF-'-G. E. . H. t city.
"Buy of the manufacturer" is correct, for
It means "buy from the ' manufacturer."
Buy off the manufacturer wo.uld tiot be
according: to rule, because- usage has rec
ognized "of a.- the proper, ward.- If you
desire to be "o<ld" and go contrary to es
tablished custom, you can- have printed oh
your billhead! "Bought off G. K. H.," but
people might think you were away off.
TRANSPIRE-C. H. C. Berkeley. Cal.
Transpire and perspire are -from- the
French and from the Latin. ' Both an
used to Blgnify to emit or exhale through
I Sunday !
I :I (' 51 11 MAGAZINE g^ ;;•:■•. •;: *%
o. ' . ■ ■ I VClllt ••" ' SECTION, .•'.•;-. m .".'.. . ;.• S
I- § .••:.••.. NOVEMBER 19. '-.- ■.;:;:'' §': ' :u- V;- I
I;|||11; ■, V- A Night i ; ||5; || j
I. •+ + I With the Provost Guard I I
S .C; A sund»yCal{ woman's experiences : § ♦ ♦ §
8 . • r « : , -with a provost guard rqundmg up v .'. " '1' ; ; 5
0 "I?- '• the mi «' ng ones of the Forty-Sixth'" ; ". X •' V
8 . $. • Regiment. ■■:•-■ ' ■ .".' . '•: .;. '-•• ■■:■•' . «
I • | LESSONS OF THE WAR. j • |
V • X ; •■■ By GENERAL NtLSON "'/L: MILES. -V^ 8 ;; P
| • I OUR AMERICAN GIRLS j| %' X
X g By MRS NELSOM A. MILES.
1 ++ I ADMIRAL DEWEVS WIFE. 111 1 | 9
5 : :S • .By a San Franciscan who. knows her. •■■. g ■:•'♦■'♦•
§ I THE SOCIAL EVIL — ITS REMEDY. 9 I
1 '.I | BOOKS OF THE WEEK. 1 I
O . + • X • ■ Reviewed by PROF. H. LATHHOP ' § ♦ fi: .
« § • of Stanford Unversty. •• •"' ;'• [•' $.; * ; *
I .- §. AS THE • FRENCH VIEW OUR MILLIONAIRES. ' E "■• ■' ■■•■^ |
B•' •' I• ' ■•:.■ By GE NEV!EVE GREEN. B V /:- $■
CcC£C«6S*3*3ag The Latest Fashions in Furs. : ?*OOOOCWKwJ
V, Dramatic Stars of . the Week. «
1 ■ Have you /»6ted'th« fact that the Sunday' ;8 ' •■'''
■ : • . X P a " Magazine Sect on for' stores cf intense §-'. .•'. "■•.;• :
o interest, fine- illustrations and artistic dress 8 *•*■""• -
\ 2 r'vafs any other Sunday paper in America?. S"
AT ADEN.
■ 'So. 3^-".l presume this means 'rrm.l
the J3oer: forces were cut to piece*,"
IN LONDON.
No, . S-General Woleelev: "Put th!i
on th> bulletin board .riKht away, and
let; the ■•- band ■ play. 'Uod Save the
Qiifeh.'" '.'.-.' •• ■.-.''■■■.'■'■■ ;.i ..
••'••:■■ —DaftJtnore American.
the' skin. Perspire... fs .more commonly
u?t<s.- but-.-iransplre means literally to
Itreathe . through the. i-jk/res of the ekJn.
The .modern ■ujje of {hat word In the sense
I fit to; happen. td:6c<yr. .to become known,
etc., Is greatly censured, by ~ accurate
scholar.** iPeople. (atk of a-business or an
event transpiring;-,when;all they mean •>
that-the business wa^ transacted or that
the event-happened:. ';" ;- .••■-• . • :
': SMITH ' ■'" NEtf'JEHSET-A Reader.
.Mare;lnland;;Cal-. The full name of Sena
tor SmJ:ft- of New Jersey is Jam*** Smith
.Jr.'-Hta home address Lo Newark. X. J..
and hl» AVashlngton. address "The Ar
lington." •■' % ■•'
: UNITED STATE 3 COJN'S-A. 8.. Ctty.
XKe. markft value of; a. silver thre*-c«?nt
piece, l>C2;ls from 3> to. Scents: a half
dollar of lil9. from *Z cents t-> f. '■>. a cop
rer half-cent of I*^3. from 15 cents to 73
cents; a copper cent of IT3S, from 'Ji c^nt.s
tjo c; accpnlln? to pattern and condition:
a «ent of. I<J». from 5 . *>nts to Jl ». The
o^ily one of these coins for which the deal
ers offer a premium fs.the half-cent, axd
that.premium la but 34 cents.
. Peanut taffy, bes: In world. Townsend's.*
California glace fruits, EOc !t>. In fire
etched boxes or Jap ba.-!:ots. Townjjend'a •
,•;'.'■;-. . . —•♦ . .
Look put for SI Fourth st. Nr. 5c barb«-r
or grocer. Best eyeirla.ojies JOe and *)c. •
Order your Christmas candles for Manila
before Nov. 20 and have- them sent free
Townsend's", C 7 Market »t. Palace Hotel.*
» ♦ ■
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). slj Mont
gomery utreet. Telephone Main liMl •
I—.1 —. ♦ . _
Grind Jurors at the Morgue.
J. C. Wolf and Pierre Dreydemi. mem
bers! of Coroner. Morgue and Public Poarri
Committee of the Grand Jury, visited :h-
C.oroner's omce .yesterday and made a
cursory Inspection of the books.
Tounst Excursion*.
PERSONALLT c -'•ueted Toaii« Exeur»ien«
with ... ■ • ln-.pmvKl Pullnvin V*jtlbu:»d Bleopl
lag C*r«. thrmifh from California to Sl Paul
$t: Lcult. Chicago and Boston, every Surd«v.'
\ *dD9<lar and Friday. O*t full laTonr.»tio» at
c:< :.:^rk-:t «t.
"Th* best appetizer aad r*«u!ator of th« di.
cestrrt organs is Anraatura Bitter*. Dr»D*r^l
by Dr. J. a. B. Sie»ert & Sons.
: "VVhen the hair is thin and »ray Parker's Hair
I r.i:«H:i renews th« growth and color.
. Hlcdereom.l. tht hwt f UW f cr corn*, jg ct ,
California Limited.
. BANTA R UTK-Conn*ctlnc train }****.
at sp. m :ion<l»y. tVednMday. Fr la and Sat
urdar. rlv(n» paa««nser» atnpj* tlm» to a«t U-%
AnK*le« and I'a*a<l«na Flneit - . .:pp«<l train
and b*st track of any line to the East. G»t
handsome folder an. full particular* at d
Market «tre«. • • • ■ , : ■ .COBURN DOES NOT
NEED A GUARDIAN
Judge Buck Throws the Case
Against the Pescadero Million
aire Out of Court.
REDWOOD CITT. Nov. 17.— Loren Co
burn, ' th« millionaire land owner
and cattleman, will continue to man
age his own property and conduct his own
affairs, as he has. done for the pas'}, forty
years or more, without the aid of a
guardian and without the ; assistance of
his relatives, who have expressed and
evinced M much :icltude for hlu well
l-elng. and Incidentally for that of his
rropcrty. • •:
The proceedings started here some f^w
.■weeks ago by Mrs.. Ella C. Wheeler, by
'which an attempt was made to have Co-
I'urn declared an Incompetent and unable
to care for his person arid estate, came to
an abrupt termination In the Superior
Court this afternoon. The taking of tes
timony on behalf of petitioner was ■com
pleted soon after 1 o'clock, at which time
a motion to dlsml? s the petition was made
by Craig & Ka gland, attorneys for Mr.
Coburn. The. g-round of the motion was
that the evidence Introduced to support
the petition would not warrant the court
In finding th« respondent Incompetent to
manage his person or property. Mr. Craig.
In arguing the motion, "accusc-d the rela
tives of Coburn of. entering into a con
spiracy to place Coburn in an asylum and
pet control of his property, all of which
was not on account of the welfare of re
spondent, but was for the express purpose
of their own aggrandizement. • .
Judge Buck was of the opinion that the
evidence was -Insufficient'' to warrant* him
In declaring Coburn incompetent, and dis
missed the petition. •• ■ • •*•
This action of the court met with the
hearty approval of the spectators, who
filled the courtroom, many of whom had
come ffom the coast Ride to testify in Co
burn's behalf, and when the Judge an
nounced his decision the feeling was bo In
tense that it broke forth In prolonged ap
plause, which even the Sheriff could not
restrain. . ■• •.-.*.'
Many were, the -congratulations show
ered upon Coburn after court hail ad
journed, and many were the contemp
tuous looks cast upon those. who were re
sponsible for the proceedings.
GIFT OF STOCK
NOT COMPLETED
Ivy Leach Gets an Ad
verse Decision.
Special Dispatch to The Call. . •
SANTA ROSA. Nov. 17.— An Interesting
case was decided in the. Superior Court
here to-day by Judge Dougherty of De
partment No. 1. The case was that of
Ivy I^each versus the California Safe De
posit and Trust Company .of Sari Fran
cisco, and Involved, the ownership of $25.
(X«i worth of the capital stock of that cor
poration.
Ivy Ivoach. plaintiff In the action, live*
In Canada. She was the niece of the late
Mrs. rrUcllla Wilson, or. eccentric and
wealthy old !ady who lived in Petaluma j
end died In January of last year. When
the estate came to be settled up Ivy
Leach allrgod that her aunt had made |
h*r a prepont of the contents of her box '
In the *a{" dejxusit vaults, which amount
ed to $10.y>J in cash and the 225 shares of
the. stock In question.
Phe was In possession of both the Stock
and the ca»«h. but the former has never j
l*»en tranfft-rred on the books of the cor- j
poratlon. and It *as to compel this to be I
Cone that the suit was brought.
During the trial of the case much Inter
esting testimony was. introduced, and the
opinion wan freely expressed that while
the plaintiff hod perhaps failed to show
thnt her aunt had actually given her the
ftock. she had shown that such was her
lntrntlon beyond any. doubt.
The opinion of the court, as filed to-day,
decides that the stock remains the prop
erty of tbe estate. The fineness with
which the points ar« drawn Is well lllus
trat««d in the following extract from a
closing portion of the decision: •
"It must be admitted that the testimony
of the plaintiff. Curtis, and Mr. and Mrs.
Mills present* a case that. In the absence
of other farts, might be sufficient to es
tablish a valid gift. It Is when the rase.
ir.ade by plaintiff Is contrasted with these
other facts mentioned and contrasted
vlth her own conduct with reference to
the property, that the court feels that she
has not proven it clearly ami satisfac
torily. All the declarations of Mrs. Wil
ron are capable of being construed as ap
r>lvln* to a gift contained in a will. It Is
true sh< said. "This stock is for you.' but
tjo present purpose to give or any words
of rift or donation are used. The mere
rutting the stock Into her hands would
riot be sufficient- There must be a pur
pose expressed, followed by a delivery and
a partlne of all dominion. "
SAYS GAGE SAVED
COUNTRY FROM PANIC
Busdell Sage's Opinion of the Govern
ment's Offer to Buy Up $25,
000,000 of Bonds.
NEW FORK Nov. 17.— Russell Saga Is
quoted to-day as saying to a newspaper
interviewer who asked him what he
thought of the United States Treasury
offer to buy $25,000,000 of bonds:
'"I believe Secretary Game's action has
*aved the financial world from a dlsas
rous panic. No one who has /w«n In touch
with buelnftps enterprise* during the past
few month? can fall to have realized the
Hrlngenry of the money market. The
► harps took advantage of the situation.
They wr« making a rich harvest of It,
« but the Government has stopp*-5 their
rwne." -
New Minister Received.
MANAGUA. Nicaragua. Nov. 17.— Count
MasFlgnl, the Italian Minister to Central
Am»: who arrived at Managua early
in No number, "was officially 'received by
President Zrlaya and banqueted yester
day. The Minister starts to-day for
Costa Rica, via Greytown.
BEEGHAM'S
PILLS
The Best and Safest
Family Medicine
FOR ALL
Bilious and Nervous Disorders
Sick Headache, Constipation,
Weak Stomach, Impaired Di-
gestion, Disordered Liver and
Female Ailment*.
The World's Medicine
Annual Sale Exceeds 6,000,000 Boxes.
10 cents and 25 cents, at all drug stores. '
r.eerham'F mil have the largest sale of '
nny Proprietary Medicine In the world, and
i this has been achieved .
Without the publication of testimonials
[ In all six witnesses were examined to
aay for the petitioner, a number of whom
made very pood witnesses for Coburn
before th»-y had left the stand, and es
pecially was this so with Manuel Ben
nett.
Bennett testified that he had lived In
P*-«t-Hdero and vicinity all his life and
had known Loren Coburn as lone as he
c^uld remember, probably twenty years,
more or less. During the last three years
he had met him almost every day. He
had frequent conversations with him, al
though no business relations. On one
occasion Coburn passed his place when
• witness was hoeing potatoes and asked
I him whose potatoes those were. Witness
said that th. >• were his. and he said, "All
right." Another time Coburn caught wit
ness cutting wood from his (Coburn's)
land. .The latter said. "Now I've caught
you." to which witness replied, "Yes. Mr.
Coburn, I guess you have." "Oh, well,"
says Coburn. "that's all right."
At another time witness was going Into
town and passed burn's place. It was
beginning to rain and Coburn stopped him
I and asked him to assist in getting a num
; ber of bales of straw Into the barn, which
he did.
When asked if this was the whole of the
; conversation witness replied that It was.
He denied that on this last occasion Co
burn pointed to the sky and remarked
how bright the stars were shining, or
that he had acted in any way peculiarly,
He said he had told counsel and Carl
Coburn some things that were not true,
but that as he was now on the stand lie
would tell the truth and only the truth.
Counsel asked him if he formed an
; opinion as to the condition of Coburn's
mind from his frequent conversations
with and knowledge of him. Having an
swered In the affirmative he was asked.
"What Is your opinion as to the mental
competency of Mr. (.'.burn to take care
of himself and to manage his property?"
The answer was: "I think he Is all
' right."
This was more than counsel could
stand, and he openly charged witness
with having been bought by Cob's: for
the sum of $5.
The examination was dropped and wit
ness allowed to go.
TO INVESTIGATE
EVERETT CASE
Consul Dudley Ordered
to Republic.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 17.— Colonel
| Edwin Dudley. United States Consul at
I Vancouver, has received Instructions from
I Washington to proceed at once to Re
public, Wash., to Investigate thoroughly
the case of Martin Everett, the man now
{ held by the Canadian authorities at K.uu
' loops. It is not unlikely that the outcome
of this ra*« will be a demand on the
Canadian authorities for the extradition
of Everett, as It Is alleged that he was
! brought over from the American side Into
j Canadian territory without the proper
ht-arlng on the southern side of the- boun
i dary line ...
It was alleged that Everett held up a
! stage near Grand Forks, and In order to
| *«ye the trouble there would be about
the mutter the American omcers simply
handed Everett over to the Canadian au
thorities, and It Is even said that the ar
resting officers disregarded writ of habeas
I corj»tis and other Interferences of tho law.
Consul Dudley expects to set to the root
of the whole matter.
HANGED PROTESTING
HIS INNOCENCE
Execution of Michael Emil Bollinger,
Convicted of Having Strangled
His Wife.
CHICAGO. Nov. 17.-Michael Emll Rol
linger. who choked his wife to death on
December 16 I<!'<«. and then set fire to the
house In an endeavor to hide his crime,
was banged to-day la the County Jail.
ta an impassioned speech from the gal
lows Rolllnger protested his Innocence.
Ho said he had been deceived and
wronged. All his money had been taken
from him to carry the case to the Su
preme Court, which was not done. /
"I say before my mother and my chil
dren," he concluded, "that I am an inno
cent man."
It 1b supposed that Rollinger killed his
wife in order that he might marry Lena
Hrlcker. a woman who h:.ll-<l from the
same country (Austria) as Rollinger. He
had two trials, the first resulting In a
disagreement of the Jury. One of the
chief witnesses against him was his ll
year-old son. who declared that all the
children had been sent away on a slight
pretext the day the crime was committed.
HIGHBINDERS AGAIN
WIELD THE HATCHET
Chun Jun. who conducts a drug store
at SIS Washington street, complained to
the police that he was struck yesterday
afternoon with a hatchet In the hands
of a highbinder. According to his story
the cause of the attempted murder grew
out of a transaction in which trouble
arose over the price at which fruit should
be sold to certain consumers. The *t
, tack. it Is alleged, took place in a door
1 way on Sansome street, between Wash
i ington and Clay.
. Chun Jun thinks his assailant was a
Chinese named Chung Cow. The assault
ed man exhibits a large black and blue
streak on his arm. which he savi he
received from the blunt end of the
weapon.
SOLD GOAT FOR MUTTON.
Chief Market Inspector Witzemann
Arrests a Chinaman.
N. F. Witzemann, chief market In
spector, is still actively at work rounding
up venders of meat who sell goat for
mutton. Yosterday, accompanied i.v Pa
trolman J. E. Barry of Sergeant Duke's
ii.id. who was disguised as a China
man. Witzemann bought the leg of a
roat which was exposed for sale by S«>
Hop & Co. at Vm Dupont street ' and
which Ah Fung, the seller, claimed to be
the finest of mutton. After paying for
the misrepresented article Witzemann or
! dered Barry to place Fung under arrest
The latter secured his release on deuosit
ln« SSO cash bail. v
The Board of Health has again con
demned the tannery on Oakworth street
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth con
ducted by F. R. Cook, and the building
will be closed under orders of Dr. I.aw
ior. The Institution is in a very unsani
tary condition and the neighbors claim
that their lives are endanpered by the
terrible stencil. An enjoinment suit will
probably be Instituted.
To Reeulate Cremation.
At the meeting of the Health and Po
lice Committee yesterday afternoon
Health Officer :.awlor presented the draft
of an ordinance recently adopted by tin
Hoard of Health which has for its ob
ject the regulation of cremation In this
city and county. Dr. L»awlor explained
the provisions of the ordinance, which,
he said, was intended to prevent crlmo
from being covered up by cremation. It
provides for a certificate from the Board
of Health, inspection by the Dlsinter
ment Inspector or other health officer,
and the permit for cremation, which
must not take place until twenty-four
hours after death, must be signed by the
Health Officer. The committee decided
to recommend the ordinance for pannage
at next Monday's meeting of the Board
of Supervisors.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1899.
NEXT SESSION
AT MILWAUKEE
Selection of Municipal
League.
Bpeclal Dispatch to Th* Call.
COLUMBUS, O. Nov. 17.— The executive
committee of the National Municipal
League selected Milwaukee as the place
of the next meeting. The meeting of
the league to-day opened with an address
by Professor L. S. Howe of the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania on "Public Account-
Ing Under the Proposed Municipal Pro
gramme." Professor Rowe said:
On the subject of public accounting the rec
ommendations of the committee deal with four
distinct 'Uesttons:
First— The contents and a»T»ii«;etnent of finan
cial reports.
Second— Financial control over receipt* and
expenditures.
Third— Accounting of municipal industrial
enter;
Fourth— Account of grantees of franchises.
In the management of public as well as pri
vate corporations the determination of official
responsibility Is largely dependent upon the ac
curacy, ready Intelligibility and unequivocal
character of the financial statements. The
hop<-l<-*(«ly complex r>-|" rt» of such cities as
-New York make It Impossible for any one ex
cept an expert to ascertain the financial situ
ation .if the city. I*ublic opinion, unlnstructed
and nt a loss to form definite conclusions,
lapses Into Indifference. In order to remedy
this evil the proposed constitutional amend
ment and municipal corporation* act provides
for regular financial reports arranged In ac
cordance with forma prescribed by the fiscal
officer of the State. The further advantaee of
uniformity obtained by this system makes the
experience of every city readllv available and
constitutes an Invaluable safeguard against
blunders In financial policy.
The Comptroller Is given Indefinite tenure and
stands but second to the Mayor in Importance.
The accounts of public works should be com
pletely separated from the general treasury ac
count.
On the question of the accounting of grantee*
of municipal franchises your committee ha*
been anxiuus to secure to th« city the most
complete data concerning the franchises of
public service corporations. To this end the
Comptroller is required to keep a separate rec
ord for each grantee, which shall contain every
Item of Information necessary to form an esti
mate of the value of the franchise.
Walter S. Allen of Bo6ton, speaking
upon the subject, "The Accounts or
Grantees of Franchises," said:
A prim* e-sentlal of public control of fran
chise companies ts an accurate system of book
keeping which will show every detail in such
a way a* to enable d. true value to be placed
at any time upon the business. In order to ••
cure this ii system of bookkeeplnt must be
arranged and Us ure. enf >reed by i»ome public
authority, and in order to secure uniform meth
od! this should be drue. by State, authority
rather than by municipal.
The whole object of accurate methods of
bfiokkeepinjj and of public supervision and con
trol of the accounts of franchise companies la
to eecure a:i equitaMe division uf protlte among
the three parties interested— that Is, the users
of the tervjee. the Invert on of the capital em
ployed and the community at large.
The discussion of the topic was opened
by Dr. K. \V. Hartwell, secretary of the
Boston Municipal Statistical Committee,
who spoke on the financial reports of
municipalities, with special reference to
the requirement of uniformity. Dr. Sam
uel E. Sparling, secretary of the Wiscon- :
sin league of Municipalities, discussed
the same phase of the- subject.
"The Financial Control Over Receipts
and Expenditures" was the theme of A.
E. Crosby, former l '<;.•:•;.■ Auditor of the
city of Cleveland. Mr. Crosby said:
The necessity of financial control over In
dustrial receipts and expenditures ha» been
demonstrated time anil acaln In every muni
cipality of any tiz*. an.l the question is not
at this time whether such control should ex
ist, but how and by what authority should It
b«» conferred and In whom should It he vested.
What Is want Is an ifbsolute, standard au
thority of financial control based upon a fixed
quantity and subjected to no fear of overthrow
so long an such authority is executed within
proper and legitimate limits. Such authority
can only be conferred by Plate law.
In order to fix the responsibility in ease of
neglect or failure to properly carry forward
the legitimate functions of a municipality
there should and must be an Individual head—
one en whom may re?t either v ibllft approval
or public censure, and who must consequently
have the r<-iuisi;e authority to compel atten
tion to duty and ot>edience to rules laid down
for the rulJar.cr of all public officers In the
transaction of city business.
"Th* Accounts of Municipal Industrial
Enterprises" was treated on by Profes
sor C. W. Tooke of the University of Illi
nois. Professor Tooke said In part:
The prime purpose of municipal bookkeeping
Is Lo s>.-cuie sucoessful financial administration,
but we must r«*cognlze an essential to this end
th.it the system of accounting should be de
*l*ned to give to the public thoroughly relia
ble, and Intelligible Information of the finan
cial standlnc of the enterprise from a strictly
business ; >!nt at view. A separate account
should be kept for each public service Industry
operated by a municipality. The adoption of
these suggestions would nvold th» concealment
of the true financial conditions. All companies
operating under municipal franchises should be
compelled to keep similar accounts and to make
annual reports to the State authorities.
The afternoon was devoted to a general
discussion of the report of the committee
on municipal programme, looking to the
final adoption of the model charter, which
completed the work of the league for thin
session.
NAVAL ARCHITECTS
DISCUSS WARSHIPS
ArgTiment Over Efficiency of Some
of the Vessels That Formed
Dewey's Squadron.
NEW YORK. Nov. 17.— "Designs for the
Denver Class Sheathed Protected Cruis
ers." was the subject of a paper read by
Chief Constructor Philip Hlchborn, U. S.
N.. before the meeting of naval architects
and engineers to-day.
Walter M. McFarland. passed assistant
engineer, read a reply to the paper of
Constructor Hlchborn In behalf of Hear
Admiral Melville, chief of the Bureau of
Engineering, criticizing Constructor
Hichborn for selecting the Raleigh a.- a
■hip that might have been improved by
sheathing. Naval Constructor Capp.i, who
raised the Spanish vessels at Manila after
Dewey bad sunk them, supported Con
structor Hichborn.
Constructor Bowles said: "I have an
Interest In the Raleigh, and I am very
glad that she has some friends here. I
think that to select the Raleigh as an ex
ample of what might have been done by
sheathing is rather unfair." Constructor
Bowles Eald that if the Raleigh had failed
to come up to expectations it was because
she was hampered in other ways rather
than by a lack of sheathing.
Admiral Melville in his paper said In
part:
In rending over the Interesting paper of the
chief conilniclor_ "f the . navy on th» D*nver
clays of cruisers, it occurs to me to «ajr that I
think ho need not have felt called ui>on to de
fend the design. Inasmuch as It m decided
upon after careful consideration by the board
of constructors, which had full knnvrledKe of
the needs of the denartment. and I ana sure
that "we all aj;re« that the experts of this de
partment know the needs of the service and
how to nil them better than any newspaper
writer, however clever he may l>e.
I regret to notice some remark* on the Cin
cinnati and Raleigh, which certainly have a
tendency to create an /%rronct>us Impression
with respect to those V*l*. I>>t me nay that
the Cincinnati and ItaleipliLwere designed at a
time when there was a perfect craze, for hl*h
Fl»ril In all clas«e* of vessel*. The statement
had been dinned Into our ears so much that
•we muit cet at least as rood results from
every !«hlp as were obtained from foreign ships,
and must. If possible, do better, that our de
signers were working, as one inleht say. under
the la?h.
He proceeded with a defense of the.
Raleigh as to her conduct en route and
returning from Manila. He thought the
efficiency of the two vessels named would
be improved if they were lengthened fif
teen to twenty feet. The meeting ad
journed for one year.
<■. .
ASTRONOMERS CHAGRINED.
NEW " HAVEN. Conn., Nov. 17. -The
Tale astronomers this afternoon decided
to give up further observation* on the
Hhower of Leonids. Dr. F. 1.. Chade, ob
server, said:
"We have made several pictures during
our observation! of the meteors, but are
not sure that we have been able to photo
graph any meteors whatever. We think
that the shower must be over, and we
shall take no more observations at pres
ent. We have observed a large number
of sporadic meteors, but have apparently
caught no glimpse of the Leonids."
For a New Bridge.
WOODLAND. Nov. 17 —The Supervisors
of Yolo and Solano counties will hold a
conference at Davlsvllle to-morrow In
reference to a new bridge over Putah
Creek.
BRIBERY CASE
HEARING AN END
Senator Clark Placed
on the Stand.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HELENA. Mont., Nov. 17.— the Well
come disbarment caae before the Supreme
Court to-day the prosecution introduced
, about a dozen witnesses in rebuttal,
among them being J. H. Toole, State Sen
ator W. A. Clark and Governor Smith.
Wellcome, the defendant in the case, was
practically a lost factor In the proceed
ings to-day, and the scope of the exami
nation widened out into a general discus-
Fion of matters leading up to the alleged
bribery case of the last Legislature.
John R. Toole, a mining expert and for
several years In the employ of the Ana
conda Company, and said to be one of the
leading men of the Daly faction, was the
most Important witness. The prosecution
sought to show by this witness that there
was no preconcerted effort on the part of
the so-called Daly faction to defeat Clark
' for the Senate, while the defense on cross
examination sought to develop the exist
ence of a conspiracy or combination to
prevent Clark's election.
Slate Senator Clark testified and made
explanation of his business and other re
lations with the several witnesses who
testified to' his bad character yesterday.
Witness was asked if he had received a
check from Mr. Daly for $5200, and said
he had, but explained that it was In pay
ment for the sale of a newspaper in Madi
son County, which sale the witness had
negotiated.
Henry lulling, a banker of Virgnia
City, testified to the good character of
State Senator Clark. Governor Smith
testiried that the reputation of Clark for
truth and veracity was good. Judge
Parker testified to the same effect. Col
onel W. F. Sanders also considered
i x'lark's reputation good. Several other
' witnesses testified to Clark's good char
acter.
Andrew J. King. Treasurer of Flathead
County, testified to the good character of
Clark, but on cross-examination said he
had heard a great many persons say his
reputation was bad and that they would
not believe him under oath.
John 11. Toole was questioned as to the
charges that he (Daly). Whlteside and !
others entered into a conspiracy to spring
the bribery exposure for the pur; of
accomplishing Clarke's defeat. lie denied
: that there was such a conspiracy. The
, attorneys for the defense questioned the
witness on nearly every point relating to
factional fights in the Democratic party
and covering every political convention
during the history of the State. The wit
ness in a general way denied the exist
ence at any time of a conspiracy to defeat
, Clark, and thought that Marcus Daly was i
I not so strongly identified with the politics
of the State as was generally believed.
When asked about Daly and others con- j
: spiring to put $30,000 in Whlteslde's hands i
for the exposure and Clark's defeat, wit- ;
; ness said:
"I cannot find words too 6trong to re
pudiate that."
Toole denied any arrangement with
Whiteslde for ptMtijig up an exposure.
Several attempts wore made to Inject
tho polltii-il features of the State capital
contest into the case, hut the court d»»
ci<ied that such testimony was irre;-
Two mor* witnesses are to be examined
to-morrow morning, and then an early
decision is expected. It is not believed
that there will be a:i extended arg-ument
of the case before the court.
FATHER YORKE RELIEVES
AN AILING COLLEAGUE
Takes Charge of St. Peter's Parish to
Give a Fellow-Priest a Needed
Best.
Rev. Father Peter C. York* has been
appointed pastor of St. Peter's Church,
'corner of Twenty-fourth mid Alabama
streets. The announcement of his ap
pointment as the successor to nev. Fa
ther Peter B. Casey, the popular pastor
of the well-known parish, will be a great
surprise 10 Catholics. According to Vicar
General Prendergaat Father Yorke's ap
pointment is but temporary, as there was
no other opening for him In this city at
the present time. Father Casey's cm
Unued 1:1 health makes it imperative that
he take a rest, and at the urgent solici
tation of a. number of his parishioners
ho will go Into the country to recuperate.
Father Casey has worked hard for the
past live years and has succeeded In
building' up the parish until it now is
considered one of the largest and most.
Important parishes In the city.
Father lorke will assume charra of
the church on Sunday next and will very
probably preach his initial s<-rmon on
that day. The mere mention that the dis
tinguished priest will occupy the pulpit
on. that .lay will crowd the sacred edi
fice to the doors. His fame as a speaker
is too well known to the people of this
State and every opportunity Is taken by
them to hear him talk. It is understood
that Father Torke, who is an old and in
timate friend of Father Casey, used his
eloquence to get the latter to retire for
a short time and try and recover his
health. Father Casey was at first loth
to do so, as he did not like to leave his j
parishioners in strange hands, hut the
Knowledge that Father Yorke would min
ister to their needs was enough for h'm
and he pratefutly accepted the opportu
nity of going into the country.
Manufacture of Acetylene Gas.
The Fire Department yesterday sent to
the Supervisors a draft of a proposed or
dinance regulating the storage and sale of
calcium carbide In this city and county.
It provides that the chemical shall be
kept in hermetically scaled Iron recepta
cles and in quantities not exceeding 100
pounds, and stored in isolated buildings of
fireproof construction. Not more than
twenty pounds of calcium carbide shall
be kept in any building: used for dwelling*
or manufacturing purposes, and only on a
written permit from th« Fire Marshal,
who shall see that the packages are kept
dry- The manufacture, transportation,
storage, sale or use of liquefied acetylene,
which is manufactured from calcium car
bide. Is absolutely prohibited.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sick Women c Advised to Seek
Advice of Mrs. Pinkham.
[lltte* to irus. riMKHAU no. 94,86j]
"I had Inflammation and falling
of the womb, and inflammation of
ovaries, au<l was in great pain. I took
medicine prescribed by a physician,
but it did mo no good. At last I heard
of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, and after using- it faithfully I
am thankful to say I am a well women.
I would advise all Buffering- women to
seek advice of Mrs. Pink ham." — Mas.
G. H. Chaw-ell, Grant Pabk, 111.
" For several years my health was
miserable. I Buffered the most dread-
ful pains, and was almost on the verge
of insanity!, I consulted one of the
best physicians in New York, and he
pronounced my disease a fibroid tumor,
advising an operation without delay,
saying that it was my only chance for
life. Other doctors prescribed strong
and violent medicine, and one said I
was incurable, another told me my
only salvation was galvanic batteries,
which I tried, but nothing relieved me.
One day a friend called and begged me
to try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound. I began its use and took
several bottles. From the very first
bottle there was a wonderful change
for the better. The tumor has disap-
peared entirely and my old spirits have
returned. I heartily recommend your
medicine to all suffering women." —
Mrs. Van Cleft, 416 Sauxdebs Ate.,
Jebsey City Heights, N. J.
J. LAWRENCE KIP
CALLED BY DEATH
Passing of the Noted
Horseman.
Bpectai Dispatch to Th* Can.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17— Colonel Law
rence Kip died at bis residence In this
city at 9:45 o'clock to-night. He bad been
seriously 11] for the past ten days from a
disease of the stomach.
At his deathbed were his wife, his
daughter, Mrs. Creery, and one of the
attending physicians.
Colonel Kip was born In New York
Flxty-three years ago, his father being
Bishop Ktp, who went to California from
this city while Colonel Kip was a young
man. Later he went to West Point,
where he was a < Us mate of General
Merritt. Colonel Kip and General Mer
ritt were warm personal frl*nds and al
most th<» last social gathering Colonel
Kip attended was a dinner given by him
self for General Merritt, Hamilton Bus
bey of the Turf, Field and Farm and a
few other close friends at the Suburban
Hiding and Driving Club.
Colonel Kip served conspicuously In the
Civil War, after having fought Indians in
Washington Territory in 1858. In the
Civil War he was <<n the staff of General
Sheridan ami later appointed Inspector
general of the Department of the East.
He was for a time Inspector of artillery
of the Army of the Potomac. After his
marriage to Miss Eva Lorillard he re
signed his commission In the army.
The names of Colonel Klp"s ancestors
ar> ;<>uri(l in the records of New Amster
dam as far back as 1635. and the old Kip
mansion stood at "Mver End, West Thlrty
lifih street, for 230 years. .Most of the
Kins were loyalists and their fortunes
suffered during the war for Independence.
The funeral will be held at Grace
Church Monday morning.
Lectured on Cathedrals.
Rev. Alfred Kummer. D.D.. entertained
a large audience last night in Metropoli
tan Temple with an Illustrated lecture on
the "Cathedrals of Europe." The speak ei
showed by his description of the mag
nificent edifices that he described that he
has traveled extensively throughout Eu
rope. Tils personal observations on the
cath*»drals of Milan, Strassburg. Cologne.
St. Peter's, St. Paul's, Rome. London.
Worms, San Marco, and many others,
proved highly interesting. During the
Intermissions Bernhard \\ alther, the Bel
gian polo violinist, rendered a number of
selections.
Fraternal Eagles.
San Francl^oo Aerie of the Fraternal
Eagles has completed arrangements for
th»* siviiin of a masquerade ball in the
Mechanics' Pavilion on Thanksgiving eve.
A number of prizes will be offered, and
the committee of arrangements, number
ing 150 members, propose to make this th©
grandest uftair of the kind ever given in
this city.
An Excellent Combination.
1 The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy.
Si BUt of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fio Btbdf Co.. illustrate
the value of obtaining 1 the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxutive and presenting
them in the form most refreshing- to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening 1 laxa-
tive, cleansing- the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver anil bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
aro used, as they are pleasant to the
tust". but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fio Syruf
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effect* and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
IOUISVILLE. XT. KSW YORK. tt. T.
Tkx sale by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottle.
IP 11 RB W^ s#% ALBERT
I 1 r J % HOEFILCti
•J %& IIV llbdrant.Av.
Tiliphcai
emit 328.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. LNVIGOKA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodlslao and Special
To:. tor the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
B-;. • and Bladder. Bells on Its own Merits.
NABER. ALFH £ BRUNE. Agents.
til Market street. K. P.— (Bend for Circular.
1 AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
THE FUNNIEST — — __-^^_^_
lAHCL IN TOWN. iiiMsssss^
My Friend 1
From India, <?
Special encasement of
MR. L. R. STOCKWELL.
CHUTES _AND ZOO.
TO-DAY..,. CHILDREN'S DAY I
CONCESSIONS FREE BEFORE 2:30 P. K.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
LOLA COTTON, the six-year-old Psychological
Marvel. "»
...MAJOR MITE...
The Smallest Actor on Earth.
ADOIE and HER LIONS. High Direr,
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-NIGHT— SPECIAL!
Reproduction of the last pound
of the Corbctt-Fitzsimmons fight
in conjunction with the JEFFRIES
Fitzsimmons and Palmcr-McGov-
ern contests.
Try to Die In the "CABARET DE LA MORT. 11
I Phone for Seats, Park 28.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
NO- 2. M.- I. S. Tn NO. 2.
I have (tan personal Inspection to tbe worktnr of M. I. S. T. on the honan system, as 4
a.=it say that It entirely meets with my professional sanction. ' •*.
D. H. LOO MIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical Collsg^.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. 1.8. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHBrjMATISM.no matter how lorg Btandlnr. Any case of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or Eslarfed Prontate Glanrt.no matter if the patient* haT« be* a for rnr* ftrtsd to it«
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY (CASE OF DIARETEjT
i. AlllA 1 llc *?'i O< Im P° ten cy that can be cured, and permanently restore yoothfnl vlror and
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varlcocele. ctire any can* c
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will care any case of Vsrlcocele. Willrimo^Tsn-
tlrely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs. " • ■ "™ WT- •^
In addition to the above. M. I. 8. T. No. 2 has cored many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxla, Spinal Trouble and apparently Incurable diseases of he nerves. —«•«*•
M. I. S.T. has been on the market for over 20 yeart.and has cured thousands of snff.
erers. It Is prescribed by leading physicians all over theconntry. It is pleasant to take and
■■■BmBBMBI absolnt^ly safe. It nerer increases or diminishes th- action of the
B— fl^B tL, B— heart. If you are suffering from any chronic .11<»ate ron are srved to
■■ fPltkwP ■■ write to as, no matter how many doctors or kinds of medicines yon
1 llhisl hare tried -withont rrlief. WE GUARANTEE TO CTRE YOU.
That* Ton may Judf e of the Talae of the Great Specific for yonrself.
.... we » i" •*« Jon oh« large case br mail FREE, only asklnr that
when cured yourself yon will recommend it toothers. ' Write confldentially to our medical
department, f Irlag symptoms. Jl per box. or six boxes for IS. .
Addrota M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo, 0.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUNJMA^^
MATINEE TO-DAY— TSo. COo and »a
To-Night, /^\
SundayNightf smith]
And All V LEFT J
Next Week! V^y
BROADHURBTS GREAT LAUGH
LOOSENER.
PRICES (EVENINGS) ....91. 730. SOc. »5c
Coming—The Greater "SHENANDOAH."
COLUMBIA_THEATER.
ANNUAL ENTERTAINMENT
Of Golden Gate Lodge No. 6.
B. F*. OR ELKS.
SUNDAY, November IS. at 1 P. M. .
A iam me of Rare Excellence by Profes-
sionals and Others.
Admission, Including Reserved Beats, Ifa. ■
THIRD ANNUAL
MODEL
| DOLL
SHOW !
To be held In the
DOCTORS' DAUGHTERS,
To be held In the
MAPLE ROOM of the PALACE HOTEL
FRIDAY and SATURDAY,
Nov. 17 and 18. 1809.
Open from 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. Mo. • CHILDREN. 15c.
CALIFORNIA JH£ATERRs;»
YOU MUST NOT FORGET
...LAST THREE PERFORMANCES...
THIS AFTERNOON. TO-NIGHT. SUNDAT
AFTERNOON.
Harry Corson Clarke
IN
WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES.
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) NIGHT— *
Kennedy's Great Swedish Dialect Comedy,
YON YONSON!
POPULAR Evening. 75c. Me. So.
RICES. Matin-- Saturday and Sunday.
toe. 20c. I
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 632.
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON.
LAST NIGHT BUT ONE
Of Francis Wilson* Greatest Comic Opera
•• \ . Success. . . ;
THE MERRY MONARCH.
The Funniest Performance In the City.
Next Week — Colossal. Sumptuous. Elaborate
and Costly Production of Rice's Beau- .
tiful Extravaganza.
"EVAi\GbLINE.»»
POPULAR PRICES. 50c. 35c. t3c. 15c and 10c
A cood reserved seat at Saturday matinee,
tS cents.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
LAUGHTER IS KING
AT THE
STEEPLECHASE,
CENTRAL PARK.
CONEY ISLAND IS HERE AT LAST.
The »reat ROMAN CARROUSEL, a comnlet*
novelty. JEFFHIES-FITZSIMMONB ! fl «ht -the
entire 11 rounds. The RAZZLE-DAZZLE
?a'mo,. hO CC d 0N h ET CC i r SrAND All the * Ur "" 0M "<
TO-DAY! TO-DAY! TO-DAY!
250— DOLLARS— 250
Will be thrown from the high wire by Professor
Hill to the crowd below at 3:30 and 30 p m
ADMISSION lOr-Includea a ride on the horawi.
Presents to every winner. ;
Opta from 1 to 11:39 d. m.
AMTJSEKCEI4T3.
ZUhamfaa-
iKt PEOPLE'S PLAYHOUSE.
Eddy and Jones St^Phone SOUTH 770.
LAST "PERFORMANCES.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
AND TO-NIGHT.
EUGENIE BLAIR
AND- EXCELLENT COMPANY IN
A LADY OF QUALITY!
fI.OO-BOX SEATS— fI.OO.
PRICES— 15c V»:, tor. Me and TJo.
Matinee— iSc. 23c. «6e and Me.
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) NIGHT
THE GREATEST OF THEM AIX!
JACOB LITT'S 810 SUCCESS,
. THE LOCAL FAVORITE.
"IN OLD KENTUCKY."
SEATS NOW HEADY.
MATINEE TO-T>AT (SATURDAY). NOV. 11.
Parquet. 23c, any seat; balcony, 10c; chtldrea.
100, any part. " ; •" .
ACKNOWLEDGED THE BEST
BILL OF THE SEASON.
RYAN AND RICHFIELD. In " A Headless
Man CHERIDAH SIMPSON, # Tb<» Am»rlr*a
Beauty"; BURTON'S ACROBATIC COMEDY
DOGS: VINIE DE WITT, cornet and 'Tocal
soloist; JEROME AND ALEXIS. LEO CARLE-.
GOGGIN AND DAVIS. \ AMERICAN BIO-
GRAPH. : • . : *•■ .
The famous Parisian B«ant7, CORNTLLB.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH orFTRA SEASON.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY AT 1 P. M.
. Gilbert ft Sullivan's Chartnlns; Compcittloo.
"PATIENCE."
Verdi's Eaperb Grand Opera. . ■ .
THE MASKED BALL
("UN feAIXO IN MASCHERA.")
TO-NIGHT. TO-NIGHT and Sunday Erentns;.
Every Ohe Talking, of tbe Latest Triumph.
Come Early, for the Demand Is. Enormous.
The Greatest Rush tor Seats on Record.
OUR TELEPHONE NUMBER Is Push 1.
' POPULAR PRICES »nd Mo. .
Next Week— Close of the Grand Opera Peaaon.
Gala Performances of "Marltana." "Othello."
"Ernanl." ' Cavallerla/" J'a«lla.-cl." "Aids-"
Farewell to Slgnors Salassa and AT»aaao.
BASEBALL!
SACRAMENTO
■• '• • vs,
SAN FRANCISCO.
THREE GAMES Al CREATION PARK.
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 1O:3O A. M.
. AND 2:30 f. M. .
GENERAL ADMISSION. IS CENTS.
Ladies Admitted Presto Grand Stand.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
:-■>.' •'- INCORPORATED.
Member American Turf Congress. '• .
TANFORAN PARK.
South San Francisco, San Mat»*> Co.' ■
Main Office. Parlor A. Palace Hotel. S. T. '
W.J.MARTIN. '. ' . F. 11. GREEN.
President. ■:.-. ."" Sec. and Manager.
:a first winter season.
First meeting from Nov. 4 to Nor. U, UH.
inc'iuslTe.
SU high-class . ryrinln* n»e«s every weekday.
beginning at 1:30 p. m. Last race at 4 p. m
• Beautiful .country scenery.' »uni-h(re and rresn
air.' A model' racetrack, superb irraadjtand and
unexcelled accommodations.
TRAIN IJtIRVICE. Bouthern Pacific Co.
(Thfrd-street Station.)
Local train* leave at S:oo.* 13:40 and 11:10 a. ra.
Fi>«-tl.tl race trains at 12:43. 13:10 and 1:35 p. m.,
returning immediately after the last race and
* SAN JOSE AND WAY STATIONS— at
San Bruno at 11:43- p. m. Lemve San Uruao at
400 and 4:4S p. m. Trains leave \ alen.«a-stre«t
i ten minutes lat-r than .Third street. lUes
trains stop directly at the entrance to the.
rrandßtanJ.
Last cars of all train* reserved for women
and their escorts. No «miklng.
• • RATES. .
From Ran Francl.«co to Tanforan and return.
Including adm>i«ston to jcrounds. II 25. Single
round-trip tickets. 40 cents. • < Hers of Associa-
tion lindgi's may secure a twenly-four ride cou-
pon ticket. limited to thirty days, upon presen-
tation of badges at Third or Valencia street
stations for S3 W. •* .
Register all complaints without delay wltfc
1 th* Secretary and Mansxcr o: t&a Aasoclatlsa*
78
DEED OF VAST
MAGNITUDE TO
BE RECORDED
Union Trust Company
Closes a Big Deal.
MILLIONS ARE INVOLVED
HAWAIIAN SUGAR COMPANY
TO ISSUE BONDS. !
> . ■
Important Improvements on Its Prop
erty in the Islands Make It Nec
essary — High Revenue'
Tariff Paid.
XV*ht«n :h(» *team*h!p IV>rj<* left this pirt
yesterday morning for Urn Orient- Putvcr
Neiswlnl-er ha«l In Ms custody a. deed :
of trust made by the Hawaiian (Vmmer- j
Hid and Bujrar Company to the I'nion
Trust Cetr.pany of Ibfa city. dated October
I. 3Ky.>. tc K-curo a total it*ue of bonds
ami»uiitlr.K 10 two j\n«l a half million'dol- !
Lax*. which he was directed to hand over. |
to the Olaus Fpivokels Company of lli.no- j
lulu in be recorded. The deed was ser.t J
to tfco islands for the purpose ] r.a:ne\l i
becau.-e the property of the Hawaiian cor- I
pora.tVi>n is located there, and when re
cord©.! will l* the largest ever placed on
record In that country.
It viji require fiSO worth of I'nltod
State*- revotiue stamps and JOrt In- Ha- ■
\raila.n rewnue Mamys U»*fore th<" cTt -*».l . *
can lwct'nn*- v public r*>c<ird. The' flr?«i
tonour.t in Ptaitxps-.waj attuclieU by the
I'nion Trii.«t Cmapany, an<! the Important
dorun I'm1 ' in wan h:i!idi'd over to the purser
of the L»i»rtc for Jt'llvory to the v'iaus
Spr<*ok.«!> Coinpafly, which will attach
ilmu-1\ tUf.t* times the lirtt atn->um. '■: ' ;
Th« <!<•<. J of-trtivt was »Irawn up by..
Cliick* rlnjr, Thuraa* A- <ire»f(»r">
for tl'«* JJawailan Commercial and Hi:«ar
j-ompany. I'txl it was thi-n ivn*»ed upon •
l>y B. t>. .Holler, attonu-y for the L'nlun
Tni!»t Company. It wa.s then aljsned by .
AltM-rt M.\Jr. as vice president, and :
O«*irj;<' Jl. !;.<!;. ii. an pecr^tary of tlje Jla*
waii.y. oontontioaVaad by I. W. liel2mu:i i
and !. V . if. llr.ian Jr.. president and m-c- •
ri-Uirj- rr.-jVctlvely •of Uie Union Tru«u >
Company.
Tin* deed !<: Ferured by 4?A"»0 acres of
yujcar l:.:vd.«.f whn« Is said to bo the
lurc«-M mciir phmtation in tho Hawaiian
I£l»n4«. "ihe transaction ni made for
thi« j'urp<^«i of lmjimvlnif the property
and to pay lor <he extensive work now In
operation. •
Tbcro are Z>» bond* of ftW each, which
art- to run for twenty yean, Mnd the Ha
waiian Sug-*r an.l • CoranuTclaJ Company
retain* the.ripht to r«\lt-er:i any an-1 ullnt
th«-:u nz the t nd of .ten >v:u>. uy paylujr a
pjxtnium ..f 1m jM-r rrr.t. l!..ih pn-niiuu. an 1
lnterest<ar« payable at thf otiu-e t ,f the
I.H H TP^V.'rtnirany !n San 'Vanclscvi:
Tho rinkinx fund provision stipulatt-s that
a miJli<-n dollars of th.-<#» bond* must l>e
roilecnu-d Iw'fi.re the twenty, years have
expired. SuSlcicnt of the l*.nd* ar« to be
retained by .>,. ■n..-t- >•- to pov off the
proseni : niort*.-:»Ke of $MO,<WO on th« prop
<>rfs'-. T: f '" >n< - 5 <nill ail »* Pl*«*«l ani
In this dty and will only be I^fu^ a*
they aro required t-» p.iy for new machin
ery, ditches and railroads as bui't by the
eorjwraUon. Th«- fir?t lot. aznountinc to
VolX° ne minion d<jli *r sJ . already been
CADETS DANCED
MA>Y FIGURES
Delightful Ball Given by
Company D, League of
the Cross.
Pretty girls in parti-co!ored costumes
and brave young *ol<lier» filled Native
Boa*" UaJI last evening and danced the
ix'ura away.ur.dcr a canopy of pink and
white f.^jtKjrii". Th« occasion for th«
xacrry Katheritig was the reception and
ball givea by Company I», First nejjlrnent
lx-«Kue of the Crau Cadets. The func
tion was an exclusive one «nd was a
credit to the young men who compose
tii4j tjeM firllleU company of the reßl-
Promptly at 9 o'clock the orchestra
prn:ck up nn e::live::ln S air an.! the gran .l
march «>:>ened the bnll. Captain 1. U
Dwjmt ui;d Miss Winnie 8.-al led the
throng thr.iugh Intricate turiu- and lU
ures and wlun the long and stately pro
cossrion hud wound luelf out a dreamy
waltz Cpllowed and nearly a hui.lr.il
c.-uple-. were f^l|dlt:g around the waxol
floor. Tiie orcbestra, which vu hidden
ui-nlna :>L>tt»-<i vliuuf on the na»>, dls
couri'fj.-oxeellent dnr.» o inunic throughout
the erenlnc: The <3<«<>or.itl<..n« were a fea
tcre of tlie ball. I'n.k an.! white fe«toons
*'•«* era<eful!y fujpended from the celj
ln« an<l th« gallery was prettily decorated
with bunting, emblems of the ri>nln
tlon and lar^e American flags. .
Captain L .I*. Dwyrr acted an flonr dl
r«ct.,r and he had Lieutenants G. 11. Sul
livan und V. 1. Carroll and Drill !n
rtrurtor A. J. ijaughrun as his a?sl*t
«nt.«. The fl-.ur cotncilttce was composed
of Sc-rgj.itit J. T. Dnn<ohu«\ Corporals r
Iviet.<l :,n>i 1 1. J. ytnlth. and I'rtvates. H
11. F.iley. C. Hail. H. Healey, J. J.
Corny 11 uj»d B. J. l>ooltn.
The r««rtptlon committee wa» composed
of Kir.«t Sergeant F. A. McCarthy. S.-r
pcatits \y. Walfh. K. Roland; D. Torres'
«V»ri»<>ral» F. Sullivan. William- Sheehan.
J. MetVirtiuYk; Musician li. 1.-. Sullivan-
Privates F. Smith. T. ''an and J. Car-
WIL : , .
ANOTHEB EUREKA ROW.
■ . . -
Directors Resign and Things Are
Upset in All Directions.
The Eureka Society for The- Protection
of Children Is Jn the thro** of another oT
Its i»«"icKllcal Internal eruptions, which'
have been the principal feature 'of Us ex
istence ever nince It was organized sumo
thr«-e or four ytvura njro. In the first plare
It «a* organSr-ed In a- spirit of malice and
revenge, tile charter members being a few
malcontent* of the> California Society for
the Prevention of .Cruelty to Children,
whose wishes as. to the manage meat of
that body were not complied with by the
majority of. the. members or directors
Boon after CM J'ureka - :•■!>• came Into
Ilf# th«- lenders t»-i.-i:i to work to secure'
a following from the parent body., but
with little mjicms, and their failure ln
i-ited th«-m 10 inurr-nal -strife, which ha*
never rc-tfcj u;> to the present . time.
.Momlnm. director* and officer* . have
been ' lir«-d and forced out according to
2* balance of < power, xnd not a few
times have the chargns of dishonesty been
made of tho** having th« handling 'of the
funds. As mud, <■! the fe,*iry donated
by thoM> who wftuid help -the cause of
suffering childhood has Jn-en collected on
cc-mmUtion. It In Mated that the amount
which -actually went to benefit the little
omv would be hard to determine.. Tils
and the perpetual lighting that Is srolne
on has done much to discourage cbarii*
.ably Inclined people of the city.
According »/• th«.la»t Flatemerit of th«
trriulOe. m^arly all of the recent board of
directors, resigned and the hulk of the new
iijipolnustf were not even members of the
•society. The ITT r 1? made that H h
Mclw>nald Is behind the- recent disruption'
for Ihe. purpo&e of getting the soclety'R
lejral patronaKe; but this he vigorously
<lei:lei>. etating that he 4s rot a member
jjor has he any Individual Interest in the
organization. . . • -; *.; s . ' . •
Merchants to Banquet.
The rtirond annual dinner of the Mer
chant** Association will take place at the
I'alare JIoiM on Monday evening. Novem
l>rr Z7. at " o'clock. As m. notable- event of
the. evening. President Benjamin Ide
AV4>ociler of the University of California.
Jtoldent David Starr Jordan and Hon
Arthur -Hodgeni. regent of the University
•if iyailtr-rnisL,. m-iJi r<peak .upon the iUtl-
Ijita of .Commerce in its practical rela
tion to comm«»rrts and Its benrfltr to biiFl
tier» m«-n. Thlj* wttl Include the question
«>f oMnMl^hlnr a tirafich In San Francisco
«•! the rhn.'u f «-!i)hla- Commercial Museum.
Mnyor I'h«-lan will spe>alc upon "The
\\a:its of San Francisco." President
Dohrmann will give a tshort review of the
n-ork <jf '• association, during the pant
:car. : . ■ .
Don't Oo Downtown.
r>cn*t ro downtown for lunch, when the Cafe
Elnkand sets suet a ia« uti« 1
FIELD DAY FOR THE DOLLS
OF THE DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS
And
Tt«t> the war the money poet!
Pep*. Ouee the weasel!
r?F YOU don't* believe It. go to the
II Doctor's Daughters' doll show at
j[ the. Palace Hotel. It Is a liberal
education to any man Inclined to
kick over the traces at dressmakers'
and milliners' bills. Just one ewift
l«*p at the model dolls and all *111
become cl«-ar as mud to h!m. At a
glance, of course, he will be able to
take la all the frill? and flounces and
flares;, the pores and yokes and fur
below*; ' the spangles and bows and
fringes; the nete. ihe cunning little
bands, the ruffles and cascades, the
edgings and lares, the saucy little
dobs of fur and feather— "the tout
ongsomble of the whole," as one Kreat
ptat»*srflan hap" it. In the one rapid
survey' he can notice, too., the latest
agonies in tulle and chiffon and
taffeta and moupsefme— whatever In
heaven's name that is — and then can
pass swiftly on to the shroud eft. cts
and the ribbons scrambled in cream;
he can be carried from something
crriee to- fomething e^pe n>»t quite so
cerise, and— well, when he comes to.
he can make bia* escape, thankful that
he ha* only to foot the bills.
To the ladies, of course, the doll
show is a fairyland of fashion, the
show-window of swelldom, with pur
ple end fine linen cut to the hour and
fitted to perfection, represented by the
doll slajrs. To the dressmaker ar.d
the milliner It is the yearly oppor
tunity to vie for the plaudits and the
patronage of the swagger set. using
their own pweet wills, pouring out
their . artistic souls as the fancy
strikes them, untrammvled by the
whims of clients. They are on their
mettle this year more than ever. The
result Is a. doll show bewildering In
beautiful variety, smart in every sense
. of the word, successful even at the
present hour beyond any previous
similar, display in this city.
The show is divided Into two sec
tions—the model dolls, dressed as lat
est fashion dictates. In maple hall
proper; the salable dolls^sd those for
■ raffle In what was marble* hall. Here,
too. Is the refreshment stand, pre
sided over by buds of this and last
year. From 10 o'clock yesterday
morning until 10 last night the shovr
was crowded with ludfes and chil
dren, many of the In: ones so
strictly up-to-date and so pretty that
they appeared to be models on a stroll.
The greatest interest, of course, was
manifested In the fashionably dressed
. models, and the Judges— Mrs. Henry
POVERTY CLOSES
NEW CALEDONIA
CONSUL'S DOORS
Honors of office as United States Consul
in far away New Caledonia have the
emptiness of a vacuum In the mind of
Paul Eugene Wolff, who has ' occupied
that diplomatic position from June of MM
until the lack of fees reduced him to pov
erty and closed the doors of his consulate.
Although the miseries attendant upon
poverty, and especially poverty found In
an effort to serve the Government, are
causing Consul Wolff considerable worry,
they do not bother him to that great de
gree as do his thoughts regarding his
right to become, a full-fledged citizen of
the United States by legal process, which
is necessitated through the fact that he
was not born under the stars and stripes,
although from youth to manhood he dwelt
within the confines of this nation. Consul
Wolff, held a prisoner In New Caledonia
through want of sufficient funds on which
to return, has appealed to the presiding
Judge of the Superior Court of. San Fran
cisco for legal advice and aid. His letter
Is now In the hands of Presiding Judge
I>aingerneld for consideration and will be
given Immediate attention.
Th© letter, which eets forth an account
TIIE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1899.
J. Crocker, Mrs. Joseph Tobln, Mrs.
Ira Pierce. Mr?. William Kohl. Mrs.
G. ■.v!n and Miss Kathcrine Dillon—
■were quick to get to work deciding
their merits. By noon they had fin
ished their task— no easy one. at that—
with no one to complain that the
awards were other than they should
have been. In more than one case
they pondered long and seriously be
fore arriving at their verdicts, bo
close was the approach to perfection.
Their awards were:
FIRST PRIZES.
Gr-lf doll. b'.ack and white check »kirt,
whit* ?'a:-:i»'. walFt. hunters' green Jacket,
with tan i-oilar and cuffs and bra«« button*.
pliod In orthojxaile boots; Francis, maker,
JV'lk and Si:tter streets.
Tailor suit if Iron gray cheviot, with new
L.ix pleat In back. *klrt flared unl if. rrd.
double-bnnsteJ, tißht-f.ttlng Jacket; Fran
cis.
Calling rnftume of heavy purple cloth;
K. Max. maker.
Uall £'■■*-. of pink mou«fellne de gole. with
cascedt-s of frills edged with. »i>an*rles r.nd
Eores outlined In rpangles: cerl«e velvet
carried ever the arm; Mtr.e. J3ellerlve,
maker.
Evening sown of white chiffon, with no
end of gores and ruffles, eweep!n«; away In
a court train. a tunic of cry>tal chllTon;
velvet bands around neck and wrl« and the
latest acoisy, elbow ruffles; Mrs. Mulroney,
maker.
Reception gown of pink satin, waist car
ried down into a yoke. spangled aniJ em
broidered around the hipe; Davison, maker.
Garden party pri*n of white swim and
valendenne* lace; Bon Marche. maker.
Bridal sown with »e«d pearl* in deslcna;
Mr» H. I>»vlh. maker
Calling sown of liifht cloth, with open
work embroidery; Eton jacket; Mm*. La
bordette. maker.
Baby drees, white silk coat trimmed with
ermine tails; Macnln. maker.
SECOND PRIZES.
Evening gown of white chiffon, shirred.
with cascaded fringe; Mrs. Byrne, maker.
Reception gown of white Florence silk,
over velvet: Miss Bradshaw, maker.
Garden party gown of pink tulle; Mrs.
Ifoerts. maker.
Calling gown; Kramer.
HONORABLE MENTION.
Blue tailor gown; Redloft, maker.
Evening gown of white tulle, trimmed
with ruffles edg«d with white ribbon; Miss
Conniff, maker.
Reception gown of white satin; Mm*.
Lutige, maker.
Tailor gowss; Mesdatnes McC.ure and
Loewenthal.
The headgear for these pets of fash
lon was In perfect harmony with the
other wear, and the designers were
given prizes as follows:
Firsts— Hale Bros.. Mrs. William Hoff
Cook, Mme. Auges.
of the hardships and miseries endured by
Consul Wolff while serving the Govern
ment and his reasons for seeking legal
advice regarding th«; laws relating to the
naturalization of aliens and declaration
of Intention, reads:
NOUMEA. New Caledonia,
Western Pacific. Oct. 11. 18«»
To His Honor the Chief Jurtlce of th«
Superior Court In and for th« Ota and
Oounty of Ban Francisco, Cal.. U. 8. A.—
Sir. Aa throuch the Indifference of the
{■resent administration of the State De
partment at Washington I have been per
mitted as United State* commercial agent
(Consul) for New Caledonia and dependen
cies, to which office I was appointed on
June 1«. VKn, while residing In San Fran
cisco, to surfer sreat hardships (which dis
cretion urKen me to refrain from partlcular
lzinc here)- and drift Into absolute misery
and want, notwithstanding repeated expos
tulations with ' • •• central Government at
Washington, and. as through force of clr
curnetanrr* I am compelled to relinquish my
pi si a« consular officer of the United State*,
brirt* unable to defray office and other ex
penses connected with the ;«ist. 1 respect
fully ber to represent that after a search
of close on a year In ISS-C for the papers
concerning the naturalization or riiiz.-n»h!p
of my late father. John Ferdinand Wolff,
who died in Cincinnati. Ohio, in ISM. after
havlnz resided In the United mates for over
thirty years and been a cltlren thereof,
holding property In New York, which pa
pers, however. I failed to find at the time.
In consequence of which I decided to follow
the advice of a valued friend In the person
of one of the Judres of the Superior Court
of your court of making- a conditional de
rlnrniiin of Intention as a special precau
tionary measure, vide Vol. 32. No. W. Oc
tober t, HM, in the office of th« Clerk of th«
Superior Court In and for the city and coun
ty of San Francisco. Cal., as I could only get
fin Htii'lnvU from a distant friend in New
Urunswlek. N. J.. to the effect that I re
sided ■» childhood, IS7O. In said city of New
l<iunswick, N. J., and vicinity for a period
of fix yors.
As 1 have dwelt uninterruptedly in San
Francisco «!nce (be begtsslsg at U% t ana
Second*— Mr*. Coughlln, 'Cltr of l*arii." '
Mrs. Davis.
Miss Richards was honorably mentioned. ■
The show will open again this morn
ing at 10 o'clock and close to-night at
10 with an auction of such dolls as
have not been sold. It is not likely,
Judging from the number of model '
dolls cold yesterday, that many of
them will remain to go under the ham- •
mer. Those sold yesterday were:
Sirs, Mulrooney's doll in evening dress, ,
WO: Miss Katherine Dillon.
Miss HolloquUt't doll In evening dress,
l»: MUs {Catherine Dillon. '
Mrs. Hoertr's doll In garden party gown, $30;
gown, m-. Miss Katherlne Dillon.
Mr» Dunda*' doll in garden party gown
Ml«s Katherine PUIon.
Lonc-olothes baby doll, dressed by Grace ■
G. Graf an! Ullle h, m of the Columbia
School. CO; Mlf» Katherlne Dillon.
Mme. Lobonlettea doll In calling coatume '
$50; Mrs. Charles Fair.
non Mart-he's doll in garden party own ,
M; Mrs. Adam Andrew.
bam, Bcllc-rlve'i doll in ball gown, 1100-
T. H. Williams Jr . " " w ''
Mrs. William HotT Cook's cerise and mink
doll hat. IK; Miss Katherlne Dillon. <
Baby doll In infant dress. $30; Mrs. Ed- ,
ward Barron.
Mr^" o! 00 *'" doll Jn evening dram. »»>: '
Airs. Oasey. *^ ',
only left dlnv-t for n.y consular r*>M In
me * II i !> " f0l(> ob ** ct la view, v '» •
United SS frY"f rV " 1 * . "'- ' ; " v "- n ""'nt of the
cdlv ™».m 7' a: ;J have 9lnce unlnterrupt
t?2* resided at my offlclal residence in
and ,V P ,C, C 1 n " l! of the Unlted P**«m"
mil. v.? ''.H 1111 Irving th- oald .invrrn
3ii™~ '.X am educed to a Mate of In-
SifnSfK: a . nJ S™ therefore debarred from
m«n. ,* WW h * l ' nlt '' d *»**»•. h«vln* no
comniun 1 1 " b " lnB otherwise no direct
wmmun cation with any port in the United
tain an I ''""'*, In my filiation to ascer
tain, as I am fotvpd to remain ben for tb«
S^f Fr«n" W " *» « th " Superior COW Of
I^m P ? aac L !l ? > wl » cre <^ »« with the time
l am raraM to , r-maln In this wretched for
rlrinS n V' ' $° '" ny a " lnlIt '"> Will With the •
lit,,™' . & fro ™ Rioter 8. 1S». until I can
£••?««• Fr:in ' l; '■■ «cc«BPUrt my
live ye^nt aueei-elve r»nidence In that clt»-.
-(i- m "'I l n * ' 1 an "il-'rtunlty for a cod
•ia«rable tlnir. MTtepi r*«tm. to cet back
i.., y . Amerlcan home, for which I would
leave to-ir.orrow If the meitns irere at hand
and D«rmitw<l me to do so. and I will re
quire to clf>B< * t thli consular ofllce. render
in? H Imixjumbi* for me to obtain an afn
da\it from an American consular offlc* at
trUng ha L I recUV by forc ' of oirojm
stancea In Noumea. »ft»^- rellrxjulahinif my
cfrice h*r» A " fun.tlonary of the United
Mates. i respectfully request to have the
opinion of your honorable Superior Court In
this my tr >' c and peculiar cane. I. hay*
the honor to be. »ir. jour obedient serv
at > PAUL EUGENE WOI^FF.
fl 1 " answer to thin- plea Judge Dainger
fleia •will to-day write a letter to the un
fortunate Consul for New Caledonia In
forming him that he will be Riven credit
»vi S. full time of his absence, the fact
of his having left thin country for the soie
purpose of serving the Government on the
diplomatic corps in no way affecting his
residence In this city. The State Depart
ment at \\ aFhin{rton may also be commu
nicated with by the court and its answer.
it any la received, communicated to the
prisoner of clrcumstAncea, the,Cop«ul.<*
Isew Caledonia.
SUPERVISORS TO
ORDER SAND ON
MARKET STREET
Advocated by Street
Committee.
— — .
FRIENDS OF HORSES HAPPY
>
IDEA GAINS STRENGTH UPON
ALL SIDES.
>
Trustees of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals
Strongly in Favor of Safe
Pavements.
Resolved, That the Superintendent
of Streets be and is hereby instructed
to sprinkle Market street fromGoldeu
Gate avenue to Second street with dry
beach sand at least twice a week dur
ing the winter months from Novem
ber 16 to March 31, unless otherwise
ordered.
Resolved, That the expense there
for shall be paid out of the general
fund.
The danger to horses on Market street
has been called to the attention of the
Supervisors. Resolutions wer*- yesterday
recommended by the Street Committee of
the board for passage providing for me
sprinkling of Market street with sand.
from Golden Gate avenue to Second
street, at least twice a week between No
vember 31 and March 31. the money to
pay for the sprinkling to come from the
general fund. Three members of the
Street Committee considered the matter,
Messrs. Algeltinger, Collins und Attr. .!*♦-.
They unanimously approved of th»-
Their recommendation probably makes It
certain that the resolutions will be adopt
ed by the Supervisor* at their nexi
Ing. and that the horsemen will SOOO feel
safer when they have occasion tv pass
over the city's principal thoroughfare.
This matter was first taken up by The
Call. Reporters were sent to interview
leamsleis. drivers of all classes, keepers
of stables and others briefly, represents^
tlve borsemeo. With one. accord and with
n<> dl.st^^ntlng voice they hailed the pros
pect of help whi<h The Call extended to
them to have the pavement made more
safe for their us«-.
At the same time the officers of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to An
imals were called upon to express their
opinion. Secretary C. B. Holbrook prom
ised to Introduce the subject lit a subse
quent meeting of the society, and sold
that he would favor any measure that
would save the horses from injury. Trie
meetings of the society take place only
once a month. A meeting of the trustees
was held Thursday afternoon. A discus
sion took place, and several of the gentle
men present expressed the opinion that
not only Market street, but, ultimately,
other streets., should be treated in some
way to make them safer. No definite ac
tion wan taken, but individual trustees
promised that they would ask the Super
visors to permit them to have an experi
ment tried upon one block with sand, and
also with salt water. Action will probably
be taken fore they have a chance to
meet again. It Is of Interest to know that
all the expression of opinion was favor
able to pome action providing relief for
the endangered animals.
The resolutions before the Street Com
mlttee of the Supervisors were introduced
Iby Supervisor Aigeltinger. He remarked
that streets In New York were sprinkled
| with sand whenever the conditions made
It desirable, and that It would be a good
thin* to sprinkle Market street during the
period indicated in the resolutions. Many
horses fall dally upon the slippery Market
Street pavement. The existing conditions
made it necessary to provide some relief.
Supervisor Collins spoke in the same
way. Els was aware of the dangers that
attend driving on Market street when the
pavement is slippery, and had knowledge
of many accidents due to that cause.
Concerning the proposition to sprinkle
th* Market strew pavement with sand, he
said: "I think it Is a splendid idea."
Supervisor Attrldge said that he thought
I it would be wise to try In San Francisco
I the sand-sprinkling plan that had worked
! successfully elsewhere The Market street
i pavement at certain times was dangerous
to horses. Jt was dangerous to human
beings also. He strongly favored trying
the remedy proposed to bring safety to
; man and beast.
Counting in all the teamsters and the
drivers or and owners of tine horses, and
of the thousands of animals used for va
rious purposes in connection with trie
; business and the pleasure of the city, also
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
i to Animals, the Supervisors will see that
■ they are not alone in thinking that Mar
ket" street should be made safer. Had 't
been known that the resolutions were to
be presented yesterday they would have
been advocated by many.
The trustees of th« Society for the Pre
• vention of Cruelty to Animals were pre
vented by lack of time, as explained by
Ur. DaJxfel. from taking definite action at
their meeting. Dr. Dalzlel Is a trustee.
Ho said last evening that he was very
plad that the matter had been put in
shape to come before the Supervisors. "I
had intended," paid Dr. Dalzlel, "to ask
permission of the Supervisors to have one
block of Golden Gate avenue, between
Market and Jones streets, treated experi
mentally. I am of the opinion that the
1 use of coarse sand would work splendidly,
• and I am heartily In favor as a lover of
good horses of the proposition. I had It
' in mind also that salt water might b«
used advantageously. Salt water makes
I the pavements sticky. 1 am convinced
; that coarse sand is Just the thing."
C. S. Crittenden. also a trustee of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
i Animals, Is earnest In wishing that the
pavements may be made safer on Market
street. He said yesterday to a reporter
for The Call that sand is an excellent
thing to try: probably the very be« that
could be used. Some of the trustees had
favored experiments with salt water, and
he personally thought that salt M .ir
would be of some benefit. It had been
advocated by some on the ground thai it
was cheaper than sand. The iHwiiseliiii
before the trustee* had been quite gen
eral. Not one of the trustees thought the
existing conditions were right, for they
all know that there were many accidents
Away With Je Old !
K^^^tKMCS HUPHLIMV**fe^ Never use an old-style electric belt,
IP" EIiECTPIC BELT ißr'll ' th its scorching disks and a thumb
Mfl^^^^fn^ yy*^\ screw which shuts off instead of re£-
S^W^^S^' y^l^^^^S )W uUltin^ the voltaic These are not
what you want. Call and see the
'^^''v^^^f 0^ latest improved. attachments of my.
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT,
cushion-covered electrodes that do not blister like other app'innccs, and a new perfect regu-
lator which switches the current by degrees and thoroughly controls the power. These are
protected by patent and possessed by no other belt. This is the grandest method In the
world for restoring your strength and curing your pain. It Is the most intelligent and
e-lcntlYlc means of applying electricity In mastering your disease, for it is the true tonic
m ncwTmir" fHC " CrVC " ond ccU * of the OP^«ns with gentle, life-giving force. Send for
(ID M A MaIAIIOLJIIII 702 Market, Cor. Kearny, »«v.-- iw.-sn.m. s, i> Pm.
Ulll 111 l Hi 111 111 Mil ll HI 111 S.F. and Burdick Block. Sunday*. 10 to I.
VIII 111 l 111 lIIULnUUIILIIII C.r.B f ;r.g M i8..«..U.A.8,1.«. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES
PAINE'S
Celery Compound
Prevents
Breaking Down of the Nervous
System: Muscular Weakness: Feel-
ings of Debility and Exhaustion
from Care and Overwork,
Edward L, Preetorius, St Louis,
MANAGER WESTLICHE POST,
writes: "I have found that Paine's Celery
Compound is the only remedy that will re-
store the nerves which have been shattered
by overwork, worry or business cares. I can
certiinly recommend it without hesitation to
all those in need of such a reconstructant of
the nervous system."
Without vigorous nerves the stomach,
liver and kidneys are the source of much pain;
they make impoverished, acid blood which can-
not sustain the wasting tissues of the body.
Paine's Celery Compound is a great recon-
structant of the nervous system.
every time that the. Market street pave
ments were slippery with fog. which
causes a peculiarly slippery and greasy
roadway. . .
Secretary Holbrook Mid that th«re was
no doubt that somethlnK ou*ht to !>»• don*
and as promptly as possible. He described
an attempt recently made to draw th*
society « ambulance up the Krade on
Golden Gate avenue from Market street
wnenli was empty. The horses could hot
eel a footing and had to be turned around
to ro by ■ different route.
• Officer McCiirry, connected with the 80
clety for- the Prevention of Cruelty to
Anini.tls. »ai<\ that he had noticed tho #
horses shiver with frar when they turn
from some oth>r surer footlnc on (a Mar
ket street's Kb\m«y t-urfaee when it Is wet.
JSvery day It becomes the duty of the of
ficers of the society to assist horses to
their fe<-t. A hor«»> weighing M| pounds
fnlllnjr "n th< pavement not only once hut
half .1 dozen tlm«"* ilurlr.tr futile attempts
to ret I footlnp must be very seriously
shaken up at the least.TRUE STORY OF WHY JOE NOLAN SEES
OYSTER COCKTAILS IN HIS DREAMS
■
■■. In
■
.md
:
MAIL STEAMER
ALAMEDA IS IN
FROM AUSTRALIA
d Passage of the
La: k Inverneil.
-
\ li
Mr ai.J
■
i
I ■
I
Jose;.!! Uttle. who came up from Hono
lulu. Is a <\ju»in of Chief Engineer Little
<>f the Alamvda. -He Is also an engineer
*>n<l manager (it. the Honolulu Water
W.irks. William Shearer of the LWin
c.'.oft.r Ami Company % also returned on
the Alameia after 4n extended tour of
the colonies. Sydney. Cavill, a brother of
the Australian swlnjmer. . who wa*
«Jrowr.«-d Mt Stockton while giving an ex
).;! :". • . also . rune ;■•„> on :!-•.■ mull
Btram«r. Sydney Cavill Is also a noted
fcwliaraer.
M. It. Curtis and wife went from
Auckland to Ifonolulu on the Alameda.
Curti* <Sam'l o' Posen) took a company
of cake walker* to Australia and is now
en hi? way honxr,
fileter K»»dmond cam* bycr on the
pteamr-r (rota Australia. She expected- to
mf-t her brother. Archbishop Redmond,
rare, but l.c has. been detafnrd on (he
road Honif where, much to the disappoint
ment of hi* Msu-r. :
T»o famous ' greyhounds ca;r.« over
from New Zealand. . One . of them Is
liluch^r. runner-u;> \n the New Zealand
. \Vnterlo<» Cup. and tho nther is Liluey. a
<3ur with a uumV«r of "take events to hi*
credit. lilqchor Is thrt>c years old and is
a splendidly formed iJor. He Is owned by
J. L. Hoss of Pclaluma an.i was tak<?'i
home last TiUht. Bluty is ptlll aboard the
.\3ameda. Uoth dogs are of the famous
UvlnifMone stock.
Tho British bark Invernell, whlc!» ar
rlvt-d from Newcastle, N. fa. .W.. early
jestenlay morning, h-ad a terrible lime of
It during th«> last four weeks. From Oo
tobvr 21 to 31 a succession of heavy j;ak-s
wero encountered. They- blew with hur
ricane force and were accompanied i,y
lileh seas that filled the decks fore and
rift. Tho mitlntopsall. rhlzzen topn.all
htaypaiL inner and outer jib and fore*
rail w/-re blown to .pieces, and other Jam
njre v.u3 duiio nbi>ut the decks. For a
w<-r\t the- Invemeil had .fairly good
w«*ather. and then front November 6 to
3" she was In another etorm. A tremen
dous i-ea was running and the ship
rtralnM heavily. The cabin and f<,re
<-a*tl<j ircr« flooded, everything movn.^le
<•» Jffk washed away and some of t»«
men «rn> Injured by V-eiirs washed Into
the i«cuj>p«*rs. All in all the crew of the
!>urk had an unusually hard time of U
ond «(T« more than pleased- when port
was made. '-'■ , _, '
Twn v»-fsels arrired from Hamburg yes
terday Or.o was the Kritl^h ship Cam T
bttfkcnnctli; which mi«« tl - run in ISI
.iavK. and the Italian bark Salvatore
♦ 'lainpi. which made it in 151 ays. Th«
'.utter vessel has I*oo barrel? of^whislty
ii! (I .ard. which have Wen around the Horn
t<i mature. •'• , _
Th« I'.HtiFh ship Tort Ixipan. from San
Dieco fur l'nrtland. on which- 10 per cent
r«-'.!i>iuranco was pnld. arrived nt Astoria
yeiiterday. She rfport*<l on- arrival that
tho Hrlttsh chip St. Knoch. which was
FOSTUM CEREAL.^
SURE TO ASK.
The Kind of Coffee When Postum Is
I Made.
"Three great 'coffee drinkers were my
old echool friend and her two daug-h-
■
"They are always Complaining arid
taking medicine.- I determined to give
them Postum Food Coffee instead of
coffe* whrn they vifit<-d me. bo without
ra>lng. anything to them about it, I
made a big pot of Postum the first
morning, using four heaping teaspoons
to the pint of water and let It boll
twenty nilnuteß, Etirring down occa«
rlonally.
"lv fure the meal tvas half over each
one parsed up the cup to be refilled,
remarking how fine the coffee was. Th» ,
rnf. th«-r a#ke«! for a third Cup and in-
quired an to the brand of coffve I used.
1 didn't answer her question Just then,
for I had heard h<-r tay a while before
th:it t»h" didn't like I'ostum Food Cof-
fee uu!<>hs it waX more than half old-
Xa^hlon^•d coffee.
"After breakfast I told her that the
coffee (-he liked so well at breakfast
Van pure Postum Food Coffee, and the
irapon she liked it was because it was
properly made, that is. it was boiled
long enough to bring out the flavor. I
Jmve be«»n brought up from a nervous,
<vri-n-hed invalid to a fine condition of
physical health by leaving off coffee
und using Pnrtum Food Coffee.
"I am doing all I can to help the
world out of coffee slavery to Postum
frew^ni, and have earned the gratitude
of many, many friends." Myra J. Tul-
lcr. 1023 Troost aye.. Kansas City, Mo.
tactic and hold mm oysterbound until
*!rep releases him. In his waking: hours
he shudders at an oyster sign and trem
bles at an Innocent suggestion of his tor
mentors.
It all came about through the Root-
Grepgalns fight last Wednesday night.
To that affair Joe owes his undoing. He
nnd some of his friends, among them the
Sargent boys, attended the contest, and
at Its conclusion sought other entertain
lons overdue from Panama, wat ten miles I
southwest of the Columbia River. Both
vessels were driven past their port by the
southeasterly pales which have prevailed
for me time past.
The transport Centennial arrived from
Honolulu yesterday In ballast. She took
to the islands 273 head of horses and
comes hack for another load. When 210
miles southwest of the Farallones the
flve-mast*»d schooner Louis was spoken.
The Louis was supposed to he on her way
from Caleta Ruena for Honolulu, but Is
evidently making for Ban Francisco with
her cart n of nitrate.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's" steamer Doric Ballad for the
Oriont y.-sterday. She took away all the
freight «<he could carry and a full pas
s»-nßer list.
The st»amer Aloha arrived from Cap«
Nome via Seattle yesterday with twenty
live sold hunters and tifty tons of Cape
Nome sand. The latter Is reported to bo
worth $100 a ton. and Kin.: . . & Co. In
tend having It panned out in a warehouse
on Sp.ar street. The Albion, due here
any tlm* now. Is hrintfiiß down 100 tons
more ».f the sand, ill of which will be
trt-ati-d here. The stuff was shoveled up
from the beach where the miners were
wurklnp and put In sacks. It was then
loaded In the •Ids it the steamers and
brought to Pan Francisco.
Amonp those who came to Seattle on tho
Aloha were J. 11. Bullock, treasurer and
-manager of the J. S. KlmbaJl Company,
and C. K. Klmball. son of J. S. Klmball.
\oujik Mr. Kimball was taken 111 with
typhoid fever during the run from Cape
Nome and was nearly dead when Seattle
was reached. His father and mother went
from here to nurse him and news reached
this city yesterday that he Is recovering.
Mr. HuHock says that the richness of
Nome hnw not been exaggerated. "There
Is £o!d there for all who want to dl for
U, said he yesterday. "Cape Y<>rke is
Amrrknn dipper ship S*rvla lias been purchased from Kastern parties by A. Anderson of Lewis, Anderson
r» R!i<l this will be her horn** port In future. Tho S.-rvla ha» been leaded here bjf IVlIx Santallitr for the
Campa*rnl<- dv Bol«>o at Saiita Rosalia and will sail for that port In a few davt.. Prom Banta ROMlla the ship will go to
Pucet So-J! : and ther.- load lumber for Australia. Captain Gllmore la in comn:.«inl of the St-rvla.
also rich, and two loads of prospectors
wen* taken there by the Albion before she
started for San Francisco. No one but a
strong, healthy man should go to Nome or
, Yorke. as the climate is very trying."
The little schooner Klk No. 1 also ar
rived from Cape Nome yesterday. She
\yas twenty days making the run from
Dutch Harbor, and th« crew won- on
fhort nllowance several days before Snn
Francisco was reached. Nearly all the
Coal was used up. and h»i<l the (lolden
Gate not been reached yesterday there Is
no telling what might have become of the
craft. The Elk No. 1 Is only thirty-two
tuns burden and was built at Dutch Har
bor.
The outlook for the whalers next season
Is not as bright a* It might be. It will
cost 4^ per cent more to •it out th year
than it did last, and there 1- 1 ■■ prospect
of an Increased catch or better prices.
The cost of cordage, copper, metal, -.iIK
Iron, beef and pork lias advanced from
30 to GO per cent, while the price of bone
and oil is the same, as It was n your ago.
The transport Zealandla saile<] from
Manila for San Francisco on November 11.
Streetcar Collision.
Car No. HI of the Sacramento-street
line whs struck by a Mission and Kearny
•treet electric car yesterday morning
while crossing Kearny street at Its Junc
tion with Clay. The Sacramento-street
car was going west and the Mission-street
car north. Through a misunderstanding
of signals both cars tried to cross at the
same time. The Mission-street car struck
the other on the side of the dummy,
breaking the steps of the dummy and
springing and otherwise damaging the
truck underneath it. The glass front of
the Mission-street car was broken.
Fortunately there were no passengers
on the dummy of the Sacramento-street
car at the time of the collision and no one
was Injured on either car.
Emily W. Young's Estate.
Martha Wood filed a petition In the Bu
y.^ri<>r t'mirt yesterday for letters of ad
ministration upon the estate of her de
ceased •later, Emily W. Young, who died
• r 1» la»t. l>> eedenfs estate consists
of an Interest in the estate of the lat«
Joseph M. Wood, which is valued at $10,-
WO.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1899.
ment. Their path was through pleasant
places, and the hour wa-« late when they
sought home. Joe Invited his friends to
accompany him to his home, and they ao
cepted. When they arrived there an un
quenchable thirst seized them, and they
floundered for the suggestion of some
thing to satisfy tt.
A happy thought struck them. Oyster
cocktails would be Just the thing. A tele
phone message was sent to a downtown
OVERDUE PORT
LOGAN IS SAFE
Finally Made Her Way
to Portland.
Fr'cl&l Pl*p«tch to The Call.
ASTORIA. Nov. The ship Port Lo
iran, long overdue from San Diego to
I Portend, arrived In port to-day.
A pilot was put aboard the vessel a
week ago last Sunday, but a strong oft
j shore wind carried her to sea soon after
! ward. ll© attempted to approach the
: harbor entrance twice, but dense fogs
and rough sea compelled her to stand off
again ax.d she beat around outside until
to-day, when a tug picked her up. At
no time ha* the vessel been In danger nor
has any uneasiness concerning her safety
been felt here.
The Port Logan last Tuesday spoke the
St. Cnoch, 12& days from Panama. The
latter vessel signaled her correct posi
tion, saying her chronometer had been
broken. Later this afternoon the Ft.
Enoch and the British bark Criftel. from
Antwerp, were both reported off the river
with pilots aboard both vessels. They
' are expected to cross In at daylight to
i morrow.
She Is Now Owned in San Francisco.
IRA MOSS HELD.
Hired a Soldier to Pass a Counterfeit
Fifty-Dollar Bill.
Ira M'.s- was bafon United BtatM Com
missioner Heacock yesterday morning on
1 a counter
felt $30 bill. He was held ror trial. U m
1 ir\-.i soldiers 13 each If th«y su.-
:iK i!..- bill for Dim, I'tif
they r. fused !i. >m-. <• the bill \>
dler named J^'lm SlcOrew, who
it in W, 11. N ton In payment
fi 1 ■' ■ : U iii ii«-i - ; M
Qrcw turned Informer aft-r 1
■ • in custody and furnished thi
• on « !ii< v Mom maj i" oon'
Captain Henry's Body Ashore.
Tl . ihlp Cyrns Wak.-Held will dock this
For Constipation A
I icr <4fl2^-
* AND BE SURE
*ig|k|ffl^ YOU GET THE
GENUINE
restaurant to send poet haste to the Nolan
bouse a hundred oysters for cocktails.
In due time the message was answered by
the arrival of a messenger with oysters
and a bill. Joe looked at the bill. He
eees very Imperfectly In dim light, and
n« 25 cents.
"Oh, give the man a dollar," he said to
a txrvant.
"This bill le for 126." said the messenger.
"It Is for 100 oyster cocktails."
morning and the body of the late Captain
F. T. Henry will be brought to the
Morgue for the purpose of having an
autopsy held on ft. The Morgue officials
will convey the body on a dray, as it is
Incased in a large lead casket, too bulky
and too heavy to be placed In a Morgue
wagon. "•
■ • ■
HUSBAND AND WIFE ABRESTED.
George M. and Lillie Carter En Eoute
to Napa in Charge of an
Officer.
George M. Carter and his wife Lillie.
were arreste-1 on Howard street yesterday
by I >etr<tiv,s Fitzgerald of the Seven
teenth street station and Anthony of the
Central station on a warrant Issued from
Napa. The complaining witness In the
case Is David Ruse, who ha<l been a friend
of the couple previous to his being seized
with the Klondike fever. As soon as the
Klondike thirst for gold took posst-**«ion
of his brain he, so the Carters say, gave
them his furniture as a present. On his
return from the frozen zone without, tlia
much-coveted yellow metal he regretted
his generoplty and asked for the return
of his household goods or the equivalent
in ready mi
The gift being final and having no
strings to it the recipients refused to see
it in the light viewed by Rose and conse
quently there was a difference of opinion,
which must »>e adjusted by the legal
minds of the crape arrowing valley.
A Painter's Bad Pall.
1 1.. B. Miller, a painter, living at 17 Little
Russ street. fHI from a scaffold on a
i house at the corner of Golden Gate aye-
nue and Broderlck street yesterday after,
noon, ■ distance of two stories, lie was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
it was found that his left knee, lesr and
unklp were fractured, and lie was also in
ternally injured. Mis chancos of recovery
are doubtful.
Three Fnntan Games Raided.
Police Sergeant Duke and posse made
throe raids In Chinatown last night. In
all they landed thirty-six gamblers be
hind the bars. The clubs raided were at
121 w.-.v-riv place, I Ross alley and *v
Washington street. The captures were
effected by Ofllcer Conlon. who masquer
aded us a Chinaman and who entered the
Joints while fantan games were In prog.
re«s. The prisoners ware taken to the
California street police station.
"Holt smoke!" replied Nolan. "I tele
phoned for 100 oysters for oyster cock
talla."
"Can't help It," was the messenger's an
swer, and Just then another messenger
came with more cocktails. The place be
?an to look like an oyster grotto, but
here was no help for It. The cargo of
oysters was accepted, and that is why
Nolan seea oysters In his dreams and In
vites his friends out to his house to have
one with themselves while he shuts bis
eyes.
WAR TAX CASE
SENT BACK TO
JUSTICES' COURT
Elaborate Opinion by
Judge Morrow.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow re
manded yesterday to the Justices' Court
the suit of B. Johnson against Wells,
Fargu & Co. Johnson refused to pay for
a revenue war stamp and the company
NfttMd to accept from him a package
for delivery.
Judge Morrow delivered a lengthy and
exhaustive opinion, from whicn are taken
the following extract* on salient points:
B. Johnson va. Wells, Fargo & Co.— This
la an action to recover damages In the
■urn of fifty dollars lor the alleged neglect
of the defendant, as a common carrier, to
receive and transport a certain package of
photographs offered and tendered by plaint
iff for conveyance and transportation. Ttia
case wait originally removed to this court
under the act of Mar. li 3. I&S7 -\ Stata.
112). as corrected by the act of August 13.
1&&S (25 Stats. US), and the Jurisdiction of
thlM court wrma Invoked by the defendant
under section 629 of the Revised Statutes
providing that the Circuit Courts shall have
original jurisdiction of all suits at law or
In equity arising under any act providing
for revenue. The court held that although
the court might have such original Jurisdic
tion of the cose. It could not acquire that
Jurisdiction under the act of removal where
it did not appear from the plaintiffs state
ment of his cause of action that It was one
arising under the constitution, laws or
statutes of the United States, and that
more than J2uOO, exclusive of Interest and
coats, was Involved. The case was accord
ingly remanded to the State court.
The case Is now here upon a writ of
certlorari, under section «43 of the Revised
Statutes. When the writ was granted upon
the petition of the defendant the question
of Jurisdiction was reserved to be further
considered upon a motion to quash the writ.
That motion having been made by the
plaintiff and also a motion to remand, the
question of Jurisdiction Is now before the
court for determination, and the solution
of the question depends upon the construc
tion to be given to section 643 of the Re
vised Statutes.
This section relates to the removal of
milts and prosecutions against officer* and
persons acting under authority of • such
officer*, on account of acts done under the
revenue and registration laws of the United
States. • • •
It Is clear that the writ of certlorarl
provided for in section 648 of the Revised
Statutes Is not common law writ, but a
statutory writ performing the office and
function of an order of removal, and the
Jurisdiction of the Circuit Court to Issue
the writ and entertain the milt after such
removal is dependent entirely upon the pro
visions of the statute as applied to the
facts of the OSvM • ••-.-,.
The first part of the section points out
distinctly the two clashes of persons who
are entitled to have certain suits against
them removed from any State court to a
United States Circuit Court, namely (1) any
officer appointed under or actinic by author
ity of any revenue law of the United States,
and (!) any person acting under or tv
authority of any such officer. The char
acter of the Rultx i* then described, and
removal limited to those units against the
officer or person acting under his authority
on account of any net done under color of
office or color of law. and on arc.unt of
any riirht. title or authority claimed by
such officer or other person. Clearly the
"other person" lnst referred to Is a person
noting under the authority of a revenue
officer, since only met) a person Is men
tioned In the first part of the section as
being entitle^ to have suits which may
»-c brought against him removed to the
Federal court. The fact that the revised
section Introduces the person actlnr under
authority of a revenue officer and gives
him the right of removal of a stilt a«ainst
him and omits the "other person" pro
vided In the corresponding part of section
X of the net of March X. l«r appears to
).,» a clenr sad consistent revision of that
section. Th.' purpose of the statute In *>
protect the revenue officers or the Oor
ernment In the line of their official duties
■ M tlmse *vho are employed to set tinker
them In th perforrrare» of such dutr« #
bat further than provldlnr this necessary
protection to the administration of Its
revenues the Fe.Vr»l Government ha« no
Interest In the business Affairs of the peo
ple Incidentally hrouirht within rnnge of the
tariff smteni. • • • Where the quenttnn
of jurisdiction Is doubtful the rale now Is
1* revive thrjt doubt s*alrist the Jurisdic
tion of the Federal courts.
Suit remanded to th» Justices' Court of
the city Ml ' count y of p an Frnneiseo.
The Ar.heuscr-Busch DARK
la a n»w 1.r.-w of th* lartMt br»w-ry !n th»
world, that pnwfjiM the merit of bring an
old (y i,. <"s«>rmnn brew, mellow, nutritious
and palatable }•>•■: > nil any other dark beer
ever etv«'n to the ruhllp.
In the Divorce Court.
Sarah Van Dyke Rents has been grant
ed a divorce, from George Clarence. Hentz
on the ground of cruelty. The plaintiff
was granted alimony in the sum of $20 a
nrlonth. together with the custody of a
minor child. Teresa Batemos was grunt
ed a divorce from John S. Batemos on
the ground Of extreme cruelty. Suits for
divorce have been Iliad by Olive Murphy
against William A. Murphy, for desertion;
Lottie llansen against Bernard H. Han-
HO, for cruelty] Minnie A. Jones against
Henry M. Jones, for desertion; Charles
Graebcr against Louise Graeber, for cru
elty; Adela Ilollman against Henry Holl
man, for desertion; George Kennujy
against Polly Kennedy, for desertion, and
George Mi tear against Emma ilcVicir
for Infidelity.
Joseph Bcharf has sued to annul his
marriage to Catharine Scharf, on the
ground that the defendant Is now an In
mate of an asylum, hopelessly Insane, and
was of unsound mind at fhe time of their
marriage, a fact that was kept from his
knowledge.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Francis Tully. merchant. Healdsburg,
$1481 60; no aserts. John M. Tyson, mer
chant, Irvlngton, 18218 97; no assets.
THE CALLS'
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
STUDIES BY DR. MARY ROBERTS SMITH.
Copyright, 1899, b y Seymour Eaton.
HOME SCIENCE f\NO HOUSEHOLD eGONO/VIY.
Contributors to this course: Mrs. Ileien Campbell. Mr*. Margaret' .E.. Banister Mrs
Kau Gannett Wells. Mrs. Louis* E. Hcgan. Miss Anna Barrows. It. Mary Roberts Smith,
Miss Emily O. Balch. Miss Lucy Wheelock and others. '"','■ ■ • . .
V. ARTISTIC FURNISHINGS.
(Concluded.)
If the general principles laid down In the
last paper be applied to the details of
house furnishing we shall nnd it neces
sary to vary frequently from common
practices. The first effort of a good
housekeeper is to keep dirt out of the
house, the second to get It out. From
either point of view carpets are unsani
tary, while they have the additional dis
advantage that they Involve the periodic
bus/bear, house-cleaning. Goo.) Boon are
now to be easily and cheaply obtained; if
properly painted or (preferably) finished
with oil and wax they form the best foun
dation for sanitary and tasteful house
keeping. Even when the floors are old
and rather defective the space around the
edge of the rug may be puttied and paint
ed so as to look very well. Often the
price of a handsome carpet would better
be spent in laying a new floor on top of
the old one. By rugs Ido not mean sev
eral little rugs, placed like oases on a
slippery floor or at a doorway to trip the
unwary, but good, generous-sized rugs
which will Jußt escape the edges of the
stationary furniture around the sides of
the room, rugs which are substantial
enough not to "kick up" and yet small
and light enough to be handled by any
person. Rugs of this sort have the
warmth and stability of carpets combin
ed with all the hygienic advantages which
carpets lack. No such terrible upheaval
v the semi-annual housecleanlng Is nec
essary If now and then the woodwork and
pictures be wiped with a damp cloth, the
windows washed, the floors dusted and
the rugs beaten out of doors. They may
be had In all sorts of materials ready
made or may be made to order from vari
ous carpetings. Among the varieties may
be mentioned Japanese cotton and Jute.
Ingrain. Brussels, Smyrna, Axminster,
Wilton, Moquette and Oriental rugs of
many kinds. The least expensive, the
Japanese rugs, fade rapidly, though they
are substantial and come In charming de
signs; Ingrain, though more durable. Is
almost too flimsy to be used as a rug; but
anything from Brussels up will generally
give satisfaction In proportion to the
amount of money Invested.
If. however, the floor be too old and
poor to be made prt-sentable and a new
one cannot be laid on top of It, It must be
wholly covered. If one still wishes to
use large rugs the floor may be covered
with denim or burlap In neutral tints, or
with matting or woolen tiling. These
Bhould be lined with carpet or building
paper for warmth and softness. If the
rug be of proper size the floor covering
need show only about eighteen Inches
around the sides. This device, however.
and regularly laid carpets are only alter
nate evils.
All the furniture that Is Intended to be
moved— that Is, which la not actually
built Into or fastened to the walls and
floors— should be easily movable and
easily cleaned. This at once precludes
the purchase of large upholstered chairs,
heavy sofas and tables. Wicker and rat
tan furniture, though not so artistic, Is
lighter and much less costly than antique
wood. With good removable hair cush
ions It can be made quite as comfortable
and far more cleanly than upholstered
plush and damask. The cushions may be
beaten at the same time as the rugs,
and the dust thus taken out of the house.
For bedrooms white enamel and brass
bedsteads and washstands are rapidly
superseding the old heavy wooden bed
room sets. Curiously enough, many
house furnishers still buy chairs by the
set, without reference to the fact that
the persons who are to sit upon iheip
are of various ages and sizes. Fairly
well designed chairs In hardwoods and
rattan are now to be found In the shops
In great variety, yet the prime test of a
chair Is whether It Is comfortable, not
whether It is ornamental. It Is not well
designed unless It be really comfortable
for somebody to sit upon. Dining rooms
and reception rooms may have rather
formal, straight chairs. The dining
room chairs should have rather high
backs for support, but the tops should
never have any kind of projecting orna
mentation which may Impede the waiter's
movements. In providing chairs, cush
ioned window seats and small sofas for
sitting rooms one cannot go amiss In
choosing such designs as will secure ease.
If furniture be chosen with these simple
principles in mind— l. c. . freedom from
dust, minimum of labor for the house
wife and ease for those who are to use
It— there remains only one other way In
which to go astray: it may still be su
perlatively ugly. It should be decorative
by Its graceful form. Its coloring or by
the charm of the design upon It. Nowhere
is the principle of subordination more ap
plicable than In decoration; all ornament
must be wholly subordinate to the use of
the. object which it adorns. For Instance,
windows are for two purposes, to light
the house and to see out of; If a window
opens on an unpleasant prospect sash
curtains of muslin or silk are both useful
and decorative, since they shut off the
view and yet admit light. Hut If you wish
to see from the window, sash curtains
are an absurdity rather than a decora
tion. In the ordinary private house slab
orate heavy curtnin draperies are out of
place both for artistic and hygienic rea
sons. Wherever cleanliness Is an Im
portant requisite draperies should be
easily moved and cleaned. Silk, wool and
velvet hangings are only to be tolerated
when there is ample service to keep them
clean.
The facility and cheapness of mill work
and lathe work in wood has vitiated the
taste of Americans to a terrible degree.
Nearly all ready-made furniture Is
grooved, machine-carved and ornamented
In a way to violate not only the principles
of beauty. but of strength and cleanliness
as well. Ornament that Is meaningless 's
vulgar. In the room where 1 Bit there are
four chairs of different patterns, costing
from $1 50 to $15; all of them have legs.
Now. legs are Intended as a support, yet
all of these are grooved and beaded and
hollowed out in spots, so that twice as
much material as Is necessary to Insure
support ha* been used. The ornamenta
tion is not pretty, the depressions are in
evitably full of dust and the whole de
sign means absolutely nothing to any one
who sees it. By way of ornament there is
glued on the front crossplece of one large
chair a design in oak leaves. If these
had been carved upon a beautiful strip of
wood by the hand of a cunning workman
they would have expressed a man's
thought nnd skill. Ah they are, they sug
gest merely a machine and a glue pot.
Contrast with this gingerbread furniture
the plain, substantial colonial chairs, ta
bles and sideboards, made of beautiful
wood, almost without ornamentation, with
slender, tapering, strong legs, beautifully
polished by hand. There Is no reason why
machine-made furniture should not be as
well designed, and at least as simple and
dignified, as hand-made furniture. But ho
long as there remains a large class of
those who think that the more grooves
and oak leaves they get for their money
the more beautiful their furniture will be
It will continue to be made In large quan-'
titles.
Patterns of every sort, whether for car
pets, wall paper, drapery or china, must
be very carefully used that they may not
be more conspicuous than that which they
decorate. The floor and wall are the basis
both of color scheme and decoration, as
well as the background of the ipeople who
are to live there. Especially tn ordinary
small dwelling houses-, pattern* • should,
therefore. b« rather Inconspicuous. Indefi
nite In design arid the color tones either
neutral or rich in effect. If the cllmato
be sunny and the room well lighted, tho
walls and floor may he. dark and rich;
If the climate be. uncertain: : and often
cloudy, or the room badly lighted, th» ef
fect should be light and jay. Color ■,» the
chief means of producing this result: th«>
walls and. floors of ' living rooms shouM
be In soft rich brown, --yellow/ red. green
or warm gray tints.- Blue, thouih very
lovely when artistically used, absorbs th<»
light. Is cold In effect and Is seldom sat
isfactory for living rooms, while the blue
grays are positively chilling. Yellow In
paler or deeper shades, depending on the
lighting of the room, is uniformly cheerful
and satisfying; next to it rank the various
terra-cotta shades and the richer greens.
Neither floor nor wall ' covering should
have, large, striking designs, but should
rather. If having pattern at all. have a
wandering, indefinite design or small con
ventional patterns.
The furniture and decoration of bed
rooms can scarcely be too simple. The
wall and floor coverings may be lighter
and gayer than those of living rooms-
Blue and white or pale green and white
may be used as a color scheme for any
sunny rooms: yellow or pink and white.
for less sunny ones. One or two single
white Iron and brass bedsteads and wash
stands, a bureau. or a chest of drawers
with glass above, two or three low. light
chairs and a desk or tabl* large enough
to write upon, a hassock and a wasto
basket make ample furnishing. If there.
be a good closet Or wardrobe, a calendar,
writing materials, a warm dressing gown
and a pair of bedroom slippers and a
furnished sewing basket add much to the
comfort of a guest room. The rug need
only be large enough to cover the space
In front of the bed. bureau and stand. If
the floor be well matched and painted M
oiled. A bedroom should give the Im
pression of spotlessness and inviting com
fort; everything In it should bo readily
cleaned, and unless It must be used also
as a study or sitting room It should con
tain only strictly necessary articles. Mats,
bric-a-brac, superfluous fancy work, even
many pictures, are quite out of place.
Most buyers must take what Is offered
In the shops; they have neither the money
nor time, nor Indeed, perhaps, the taste,
to find that which Is choice and which Is
perfectly adapted to their circumstances.
Many of the most cbvlous mistakes In
such matters are the result of mere help
lessness In the presence of the dealer and
the manufacturer. So many very ugly
things have been made by man since the
era of invention began that one must
spend either much time or a great amount
of money to secure that which is really
tasteful. Unless one Is conscious, then
of a matured and cultivated taste which
may be safely trusted, it is always better
to buy plain, substantial, well made arti
cles; they at least will be only negatively
ugly. As one's taste becomes more and
more trained by observation and experi
ence, and the amount of money which Is
available for this purpose increases, It la
very easy to add more costly and artlstlo
furnishings. But If a mistake Is made la
the beginning in buying ugly things which
are rather costly, there is growing dissat
isfaction In living with them. Striking
patterns and fashions are safe only in
the hands of very well trained persons,
inconspicuous designs, soft colors, plain
surfaces are very seldom Inartistic. Sim
plicity, appropriateness and genuineness
are always safe. There are now to be
found In all the large cities a few shops
where expert advice may be obtained on
points of taste, but unfortunately the
goods sold In these places are often so
costly as to be quite beyond the ordinary
purse. Meantime the average buyer can
at least cultivate his taste by observation,
and as his Income permits may add to
the house furnishing articles not only
useful and hygienic but beautiful as welL
Leland Stanford l"niver«!ty.
Note— A paper on the social life of th«
home. r»y Mrs. Kat*> <;unnett Wella will
be published next week.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1899-1000.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: Tho World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Selene* and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificate*.
Republicans Organize Permanently.
The young Republicans of San Francis
en are not to be »hut out from a hand
In the affairs of the party In the future,
as was evidenced by the enthusiastia
meeting in room 1205 of the Claus Sprrck
els building last evening.
The Marquette Club was nrgnnlzed as a
permanent social and political club, and to
have downtown rooms near Kearny «\nd
Market streets, with all the convenience
of a clubhouse. About $30«) was subscribed
by those present last evening, and It is
understood that prominent gentlemen of
this city will lend their support in finan
cial and other ways. W. M. Abbott acted
as chairman and Morgan Backus as ace*
retary.
It is the Intention of the organization
to be active along social and political
lines, and to keep a continual open club
house to all active Republicans.
Most of the members of the Union
League drill corps, which did good s*rvict
during the campaign of I*o3. are Inter
ested in the new organization.
Frenna Jury Complete.
Next Monday the taking at testimony In
the trial of Joreph P. Frenna. charged
with the murder of James F. Turner, will
begin. The Jury was completed yesterday,
the following talesmen being accepted:
Jeremiah Geary. 101 Guerrero street: H.
Hamburger. •". Sutter street: Edward Cam
eron. 351 Devtsndero: 1.. Houscr. 143S Ki
lls: H. C. Ulnkel. 1610 Devlsadero: D.
Todt. 370 Fell; J. H. Dooley. 1015 Pine;
Charles Evans, 12 Hartford: R. L. Ander
son. 2727 Pine: L. Frie.llander. 431 Mont
gomery; 80l Cahen. 40« Battery, and J. P.
Currier, 6 Sutter.
Evans Pleaded Guilty.
Ivor Evan*, the degenerate arrested bjr
Postal Inspector Erwln some weeks ago
for sending through (he malls obscene let
ters to ■ respectable young woman of this
city, pleaded guilty of the offense yes
terday morning In the United States Dis
trict Court. lie will appear for s«nteaco
next Tuesday. ... .
910
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
ActWt trading in Stocks and. Bonds. : ;
Silver and financial quotations unchanged.
Shipment of $311,751 to China.  •' .
Wheat and Parley stand: about -the same.
Oats and Rye strong, with a fair demand. Corn dull,
No further change in Hay ami, Feed stuffs. ■ ; •
Beans and Seeds as before quoted. ' '.•'••
Onions and river Potatoes firm. • • '. ' .•'"":.
No change in Butter and Cheese. : Eggs advanced again.
Turkeys weak, but other descriptions of Poultry firm.
Game came in from Oregon and Utah and sold high.'
Grapes steadily getting scarcer.; ; ' ; :'.: '. :•.•: '". ' •. ;
Oranges still 7i'cakci;ing; Lemons and Limes quiet.
No further change in Provisions:. . V • . •
Dried Fruit as prcvio'iisly quoied. ."••.■
Hogs doing better again; being .scarcer. ;•..•■'•
Charters.
Tfa« AJcx. Gibson : >•£• rr.erctaniU* for New
fork. -..• ' • • ■; .. '•: : . ;. • !
Th» Jennie Wani loads lumber at Gray*
Jlarbor for Hlio: James Uoh'h, lumbar at Port
HlaJieUy for Noumoi;. J.- 1», Brown. lumber 1
At CheT.alnun !or Sydney, «3« Sfl. • '•"".*•'
WJieat charter* prior to arrival are th» In
vemelll. Europ«. Ha «3— option of Portland, S4»
•a, MMCCMMOrohIr*, Curer>«. Kb; Salv»u>r»
Oampa. liu-Li'-. ■a. .
Treasure Shipment.
Tb« Doris took out a tr*a«ur* list of Ji11. 711
co&tlctlns of J:c tsc in Mexican dollars. USTO
In sold coin. SI4c.UK) la sliver bullion and $9000
In Faruvfea sole«.' v ... ' ••
Iftt if Wuu and Brandy.
necrlpta >uf wine and brauly at this port
during* the first ten months of "• year wers
•s loUowk. a« oompored with ••-.• «iam« time
lut ye*r: Of wine. li4io.^"u caJlons. acalnst
11.2i4.540; of brandy. IT».uOu callous. ' axalsst
:i*.«oo. ; ■
1 *S Of Lt
Th« fcUlowing flrurts. taken from Oi« bul
letin tasuad by the bureau or Rtatlitlca of th«
Treasury Department, thow the valu« of tht
ji::k-!;»- artlcien of tuen'hanJ^e < *;• rt«J from
the fnlted Stales -for the ten months ended
Ootob«r 31: BreadKtufTs. KIfi.9T;>.CSS; cotton.
|ISS.7S7.E?D; ralnrral oils. 10,717.10: cattle and
hogs. K*.J.'ii.77l; rrovlslon*. fl 4i'.lii. 16 ">;' total.
|. .:'. -47. •-•'-■■ The value* of the articles men
tloni-d rsported during: the ton montht ended
tk-tober 51. J^ s . wen» IbH>.('S4,is3. Tlie vii lv«
cf the cxpon* of breadstuff* from San Fran
cisco durtiis; the tea months then anded wu
|7,6i-4. 676. afc'aJnst Jii,tOii,.'*S for the cam* tlm«
l**t y»ar. ■ ]
Weather Report.
■ (l2Cth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN . riIANCiSeO. Nut. 17. t p. m.
Tn« following are the »*a-«»jnaJ rainfalls to
fla'.e — connaxed with tho*e of the san.s date
la*t season und nUofalls la th« iaat twenty
■Mr, toon: . La.t Th L*-t
M , r ,» " r*tsr ...
) ' ■ .
lUI Bluff .-So t.C4 tin
hucramentn - 0.24 ' c.SO 100
Etn Pnmcinw e.tl &.H LM
PKMtr <'■*♦ *■«* J^
llnl«!prti(Sri.ce ;.... tOo O.bS 081
fsaa Lulu Obltpo .*©.« 4.W O.i>
r I
Yum* •• k ■*• (U 015
Sa.n Fraacl»co data: Majtimuia -atura.
If; tr.initxium/ «S; tn<-an. U.
WXATHUI CuXl»iri«»NS AND : GENERAL
f«>ki:«a.st.
Xh« pre»»ure haR risen o\er Northern Call-
J^rnia. Nevada »nj Ualio. A utorm has aj>
p«ar»c ovtr Northern Waflhlr.ston . and v«i
<-.-uvcr. »r.J vtil J'fohably »no\> rastward over
Idaho. It may. bow«vrr. move south alune'
tli« coai»t. in whlvfj cate . ►how«t» wtll' occur
ever Northern C«Jtfurn:a ty Saturday ntstit.
Th» »tririn uhlch vu cent.-kl over Southern
tlallfornla <:i KrJduy haa moved «aatward. anj
row overlies Au vl . '
A ma«ln:usi tvinj velocity of 40 miles per
Jiour from the southeast :> r»-j>arted tntta Fort
l-^tr.br.
Forerant made at Fan ' ..-tclaco for" thirty
hour* ending nildnlrht, Noven:b»-r IE. 1P?J:
Northern TaJlfoni!*— Fair Saturday': oon
tlriu«»d cool weather; prr.hahly llßbt rro*t In
the tiiOminK: 1l«ht tMrth'-riy wln«*s. Showers
maj- occur ainnit the ..»: north of Cape Men
tfcclno >"aturJay alterr.oon and nlrht. •. '•.
t>.ut:>ero <*:illf«.>n;la— Fair Saturday; fresh
tmrthrrly wtndn.
Nevada— Fair. Paturdaj.
l"ta)i-Falr SatunJay. with l!»;ht frost In the
tncrnlnjs.
Arirona— moudy • inlay. with r»tn early
in the :norr.tnjj. . •
Fan Frunrli-co and vicinity— FaJr Saturday,
with lricn"B»inn-.clr>udln«iis In th« afternoon;
Utht werterly winds.
ALKXAXnER O. MeADIE.
Forecast Offlclal.
EASTERN MARKETS,
A r rt» Yo% Market.
NTrvr TOOK. Kor. IT.-Th* Mock market
hud to Absorb » VWT Jarc* volume of *.>'.llnK
to take profits on yesterday's rise .luiirjr the
riirly houn of to-day's trading. The tone et
lIM market for tin- rest of the day wu rather
flat and dirplrlird In ri'lte of *rrr«-«««ive
rtrenirth by a few prominent storks and -a
notable nJvaTu - by a numbw of rather ob
•rure stocks. The profit-taking vu especially
roUeea.ble In Bootbem Pacific and I'r.lrm IV
c!fle and hrld thr^fe rtorks under yesterday'!
price for the rreati-r pwi of the day. Th.*
buying In t>oth of thorn »ii nevertheless on
k very iarse ttcale, blocks of ; 1000 shares and
upward of Vnlon Tarlfic Ittßg thetr appear
*oc« frequently In the record. The in -fit con
r^tcunus movement of the day was In •! •■
Baltimore and Ohio •;••■::•■. tha preferred lead-
Inf. It» extreme advtnoe was 2\, the closing
l."lnr tirarty ut the top. The common utorks
aflded IV to It* jirlre for th<» day. The various
tnetal vtocks :.:•. 1 a period of strength. Other
*l»e the market ■ M rather lrr^tfular and dis
posed to rranlon under a late rsJly .which
wiped out many previous lomv*. The Rrani^-rs
»-en» connplcuous In the late movement, led
by nurllnclon, whlrh rallied an extreme IV
and lnolated m»vetr.«-nts of Importance were
adranccs in the Kuftalo. ltnchevtcr and f'Uts
burf »tock« of I p>ilr.ts for the common and
r.lne points for the preferred, the; latter re
acttnc I points. T"nlt<>d t-'tates Mi'.liir pre
ferred frU an additional S. maklnc 3>H for
two days and M '.•..::».• preferred lout "'-,'. The
hesitating: tone of tbe n.arket. «as due to re
current anilety <>\-er the rhowlns .to be made
liy toiaorwt'i statement. Thi« was «c
t-entuatM hy a Ute Miden'.nK <>T' the call loan
rate to H S'er cent cm a Uri.iazid irvtm brlated
torro««rp to carry over until Monday. Tbe
earlier rot* hn'l kwrn 6 per cent ajid fell an
low an b per irr.t. The iiub-t»-eaaun' to-day
paid out about I2i<i(tf>.f»"» for b->nds ottered for
redemption and the «üb-trea>.ury'B debit bal
ance at the olearlnir-h"ue»> r«-fl<-<-ted lt» |>ay
inentP for the fame purpose, yesterdny the
amount helnß |3.Stl.C<>. Hut ih»-»e additions to
current puppll«*B. oomlns; late In the week, will
have a diminished Vfject on the ca»h Ahowlng
of the l«nk«. owlnn to the system oJ aver
t.ir-r. The net rr-sult of the Fub-treasur>"
ciieratlcr.il f.ther than tl»es>e Is small. The in
terior money movement by express and ««b
tre*#ury trannferu has resulted !n a cash net
lc*» to the bank* of tl.<X>u. uu9. The heavy loan
contraction of the latter i>art of last week,
however, will he partly reflected In this week's
statejnent and will help to reduce the reserve
requirement*. App»>ently there has been some
expanrlon of loan* during this werk by the
lianks with the Inflow of funds. The net re
eult upon the surplus reserves Is thus very
difficult to estimate.. Fterl!nic exchansv mad?
further prci*rre»is upward to-day and *erved to
*dd to the appreheniilon that any actual ran*
of money at this center would lead to a de
mand for irold upon It from abroad. Dlncounta
Jn Ixindon •■:•'. on the continent were Kome
what easier and th» course of th* Interior ex
changes In this country »a» In favr r of New
Tork. Lcndon «pld rtocks on balance In this
u.v!k«t. Th» rr.m& for »on.« t>f the low
grade and prßajUratlon bond* continued to
i.ky at advancing prices. Total sales, par
value, t?.3~. '.»">. " '.:•. :•
• United State*. new 4a . advanced 4 in th* bid
price. ' ".-.■ • • ■ .
•'•. . ..-NEW YORK STOCK LIST. .
Share* ..'•■•. • . Closing
Sold.- Stock*., ;,'• '■ r ■• Bid. I
f.as At •>.:«. n ....: ..:..... 23
15.153 : Atchtson pr«fd ' >..,.......: MS
• 1220. Baltimore * 0h!0.,....^.... k ....'.i... &4<«
....;... • Madia* Pavino '...., 94%
"41" 41 Canada . Southern :',i PS
ZO9- Chesapeake £ 0hi0...:..; 37%
.-8.520 -Chicago-- Great Western.... I*\
.0.417 Chicago Burlington &.-Q.u1ncy....'...154V»
-. .vt •liKa Inl &. Louisville. . 12>,
;.. ,-....■ . . ego Invl &' Louisville pr«fd 41 .
..:....' Chicago ft Eastern, Illinois J64
' • 2** . Chicago * Northwestern.. . . 16»»« .
' t.yoo Chjctulo K»c)c (slaad £ p*ciac lie. '
I.STi eCtJi-StUuli...:.... 1 ..... «o>,
5.C75 Colorado Southern ... .'.... .'........ 4v» ■
; 110 Colorado • Southern -Ist prefd....;..,. 47 ■
•" C<Mc<r*.la - Southern 2d pnefd.. IS4
J.ICO I VI* ire A Hudt0h..'... ...... .-.,;.. ..122*i
£f» IM aware L... A We5tern.. ,....'....1>0V
.. l.iL) I»enver-&-Hl6-Grand*..' < 214
2.C00 Pfnv*r a. lU»Grand<» prefd 75^
'. .k»> Ert» .-.:."...; :...:.. us
2.tf«> Erie Ut .prefd 2S»i»
•S'»o G'peat •rr. pr«fd., i'«
■ • 1W- Hocking Coal 1 1»
. ;.5i HiM-kiiu Valley ■-■. •'• Xi
J.: .' Illinois . Central 11.'. '»
' .30* lowa Central ....-.'...... 14
. IH li-i»A «,*«''mral- prefd....' 60
■ 100 K»n«.i.- <-.!> Pittsburg A^iulf I
....... I-akv W*.& .Western.- '.. 18
1-k,. Erie A Western prefd .'..... 71
: : Lafce Shore .'.-. -. 198
2.52S -Louisville & Nashville IT
IT.STi) Manhattan I. •..•..! ...
till) Metropolitan Str**t Hall war IS\\
l\*ii alexlcaa central ...'..'• '. 134
i.^>> M!nnrapi>:i« & Pt Louia 62\
■ *.: • Minneapolis &St I»uis prefd .. :.. !••'.-,
S,7iO Ml?s .url Pacino ...• M
........Mol.il.> OhlD. .•.....: ; 4JH
M;.->..un Kansas at Texas ..*.. l':-~
1.61J M - ;r Km! ... * Texas prefd... 3?H
4^o New Jersey <Vntral .• ...u'."' 2
!.4!)4 New York 00ntrar....;....^ :....IJTS !
4.US Norfolk *. Western 2TV,
«0» Norfolk & Western prefd ■••, I
t.Ki Korthem Pacific '. jsi,
.415 Northern Paclnc ;.refd 70S
l.i» Ontarf" £-Weitern....' J6S
...;.». Ort-^-h Hallway .* Nay 42
Oregon Hallway & Nay prefd 76
1.580 Ponunylvun'.a , ISOU
6W Reading '. , }1
>.7w Heading lft prefd......... £9%
.600 1., i.l.r.i: 2d prefd......: ...:... Jl»
'AM Hi. i Grange Western 4j<^
S'.'a lUo GrauJe. Wefitera prefd M
r^. Xt till San Fran l.\ I
....:... St U«ul» & t«an Fran Ist pr*fd 7: I
. 449 St Lnulu A 118 Iran 2d pre: 1 3714
«20 St L«uls Southwestern it\ I
.8.070. Xt L«)uls ?outhwe»t«rn prefd 33 !
t.WO St Paul .' ;...-. jjSH I
fit I'aOl prefd : -..-. , 173^
ft r.uul & Omaha »....: HBV«
S2.UO. Southern I'aciflj: .:..!■: 43S
1040 Peuthej-n Hallway '......-.  12s
J.6T5 Southern .Hallway prefd I'L \
I.M Texas'* I'acMc ....; .". l|W I
«7.C<; Union racidc ...: '. wu*
T.-4A)- UnJ.m-IVclflc" prefd.... ,1 771. •
• liX» \Ya»a?& :....^....'.^...-. "I," vi
?l;3vi IVaUuOj-pFefd .• •. "* 23U !
"4.^25 Whcellnu A Luke Kiie.....: nu '
3,4^» Wheeling &■ Lake Erie prefd «0
•'* in Wisconwn. Central. ..-.: : ».......-20\»
• ExrrV-Rs 'Comranles —
-.-.,... Ai3ajn« ..•..•..,..;....'..., m
....... AnifTlcah '....,...».:...• '.".'. 147V4
....... t.'nueU states '. . 4$
\Veifs I.ir.-n ..i ;,. ]x 27
V.l!"-.-:i;it»t\TjB—
..;.... Axnerloair tton Oil .; 40« i
100 Arr.eTioah. Cotton Oil prefd ,S2
:......: Amerlrot) Malting .: ..... \iu
JJW Am.er!rnn -"Malting prefd 414
2.*00 American Smelting. * Heflnlni as«»
1..C75 Am. SrntlUrte & Heflnlng- prefd h4V I
-.»» Amorlrau j-plrits ..• k .. 4
....... American. Spirits prefd IT
2.C73 American Steel .Hoop <;:. '
• C3i}.Am«TU-ai» Steel Hoop prefd.... S3V«
>.W» Amerloan Steel A Wire . 4S*£
• L.-0M American St*el A Wire prefd. X,
' " ZZu Aniertoan Tin Plate .....334
..., — American Tin Plate prefd sc
ION' America!? -Tiibaccot.." .'. U*>\
Ameriran .Tnliacco prefd 143
l.«vQ. AnHC< iitla- -Mining Cd... v,\
n,S?O Brooklyn Huptd Transit .'. ' mk
2.1i6 C.l.ira.lu Furl Si Iron J3i»
21.J30 <:octlnental Tobacco- 4." % ■
.4.7lo '«'i,ntlnmtal Tobacco prefd., 9i« t
2".453 K^leral -Steel ..•
tbtfA Federal Stfel pcefd.. fci)**
1.*434 ' r>neral .Electric ....' IZ,\
3(«-Oluen?« Susar '..; 474
.. v .. <3luco^e-Puj;ar "M '.% '. Sji t
J.JT'O- Intefnatlrnal Pai>er ::,i;
........ International Pa|>er prefd €S>4
tl!<S • LacleJe Gu* 73
........ National nincult '. <1S
.......; National Biscuit prefd.. - 95
■-100; National Lead !«ti
...\... Natlnnal I<^ad prefd.. 107
I^KK) National Steel ; 41»
■2CO • National Steel prefd .. ..; 341!
. ■*(» New York Air Hmke ' nri.
400 North American '. v
Paflflr Coast t 61
' .' Pacific I'oa'nt 111 prefd. (.$
Pacific Coant 2d prefd 65ix
12>S5 Pacific .Mall ...; 4;
6:tf.» People* Gas .- mv
r.lO I*re!«i.<>tl RteH Car r.714
C4S Prenieed Ste»l Car prefd WU
.S"X) Pullman Palace Car 153"
C4O Standard Rope & Twine v
35.150" Hußar ...: ■..;; u^
Su»:ar prefd '.117U ;
!'A " Ttnne^Fee Coal A Iron m
13.1f'5 United- States I^eather ' 25' i
21>CD United H«t»e Leather prefd S2
...'.... United States Hubher 47U
1.*.0 United State* Rubber prefd 11014
£12. .Wenfern X'nlon rsu
: 40D. HepObllc Iron A Steel ".' 541?
100 HetMiblle Iron & Ste»l prefd 7")
....... P C.C & St L ::: 744
> M 1.700 Total shares sola.
CLOSINQ BONDS.
CE 2s re 5...1.'....'.101 1 do 4s mv
do Ss 10» IN I Cen lit* .. |M
do '3s coup m IN .1 Cen s;en 65.. ljy
. do new 4s reg....15l (No Carolina 65. ...1T!
do coup • •'■ I ■;««.. i(u
.do old 4i re«.. 11l No Pnc lsts ...'.'.'m
.do coup US dots ,j-x
do Ss re .11l do 4% 1021. !
do «*oup 111 \ YC&■ Si L 45..1(.jv !
Pis of Col SO 117 Norf & W con* 48.4 8 . ?:>» '
Ala cla!>» A 110 • do pen Cs i;*,
do }i 110 .Or Nar lata .. inn
do C ; 101 j do 4s 10s
1 Atchlson s;en 4s — 1O Or Short L 6s 125*;
■ «lo ndj «• »*'» do con Cs m*;
! Can S«i Id« S2 Urndluc cen 45... ST'i
Chen A Ohio 4Hi..K*'i ROW lsts .... S7
do Js V5Vi St I. & I II con Ss.lirti;
C ft X\V - F c 7».11»:», St L St B V gen 6* I**Z
do S F <leh 5s 14ft Pi I'aul Cons .. \",vL
Chi Term 4o U« St I" C A Pac let»'.118
Ii & R O Ml J»s ! do Cs . r>!)?i
df» 4s IC2U So Ry t» '.".10S»i
E T Va & Ga lsts. V^ S Rope A T «... »s
■ Kri* Km 4« \(r;\ Term new set 35.. 9S«I '
Ft w A i. <• lsts. 7: .Tex a.- Pac lsts . 114U
Gen niec > 74 | do 2<ls ' 55
>: 11 * S A 6s 11* I'nlon Tar 4s . MM
! d.> 2ds 1034;w«bnsh lsts 114
iII A: T C |».... 1U j do Ids 10014
do con «s 110 \Ve»t Shore 4s us
lowa Cent IMb 114 : \Vls Cen Ists.... 75
X C P & C, luts 72 iVa cent KSK
j I-a new con 4s 1P« 1 do deferred 5
I I/iulj & N unt 45. 1C0 :Colo & Sou 45... ' tZK
M X A T 2ds 7U4 1 "
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 23 Ontario 7 75
Crown Point 14 Ophlr " 1 in
"CCA Va 1 40 Plymouth j 0
Pcadwood 85 Quicksilver 1 75
Gould & Curry 22! Do preferred .... 700
Hale A • mm... 25. Sierra Nevada ... 44
lloctevtak* 65 00 Standard 2 &j
Iron Silver i.'> T'nion Con .14
I Mexican .. 42ITe-llow Jacket " is
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— PI Central ... K)i-
Call loans fji»: Dominion Coal .... 47
rime loans 6Hff« Don Coal prefd. 117
Stocks— j Bonds —
A T A 8 F ::<» Atchlson 4s Mv
ATA 8 F pr«fd.. 6«S Mining Bbar«»—
[American Sugar.. . Adventure I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1899.
Bell Telephone ...361 AUou«s Mln C 0.... 9%
Boston A Albany.. Jo« Atlan'lo 2i
Boston A Maine. ..2o7 Boston rt M0nt. ...310
Chgo. Bur A Q. 134-, Hint* A Boston... t%
Fltchburj; prefd ..120 Calumet * He.!«
General Electric ..12t\ Centennial 2» T i
Gen Electric prefd. 140 Franklin ll*«
Federal Steel 6S»i Humboldt 14
F»-d Steel prefd.... 81 Oscrola ..." M
Mexican Central .. 13', Parrot 44*;
Old Colony 2OS gutn.y 1&3
Old Dominion .... 80>4 Santa Fe Copper.. U*%
Union Pacific 60>^ Tamarack 216
Union Land 31, Wlnnna 7
West End pivfd ..115 Wolverines 424
Westlnghse El 42 Utah M
West El prefU 64
A r ezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Nor. 17.— Money on call, firm
at $99 per cent Last loan. 6 per cent; ruling
rate. 6 per cent. Prims mercantile. paper, 5©
i\ per cent Sterllnc exchange, firm, with
actual business In bankers' bills at }4 UQi Wit
, for demand and at (4 *■ 1 » tJT 4 82 for sixty days.
Posted rates. »4 824^4 S7; commercial bills,
J4 SOU. Silver certificates. r.R^'6 r <>4e. Bar sil
ver. ~4\ t c M-xlcan dollars. 47> 4 .- Govern
ment bonds, firmer; State bonds. Inactive; rail
road bonds, strong.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Nor. 17 -.To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, »2vl,i«Sl.;il. gold re
serve, 5254.221.C47.
Shipment of Silver.
NEW TORK, Nor. 17.— The steamer Luranla.
railing for Europe to-morrow, will take 187,000
ounces of silver.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nov.' 17.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram say*:
The markets hi-re were brisk and cheerful to
day. Consols fell suddenly 4 a. point to IC3V
Tills. however, was due merely to the sale of
a block or 100.000 for cash. The name of tlia
' sellers was not divulged. Consols closed at
I' 3'». Their ■weakness affected the foreign mor
;vn American* heelttited, the purchases bvlng
in rfduceU volume, except In Union Pa. >l flo nn'i
Wataail bond*, which were strong. Southern
: Pacific « ..- m 1.1.
tpcrlsh fours were 64* i; Tlntos. 4«T4j«M6S.
Anacoi.Jas were largely bought by New Y<>rlc
.at 94. Money .1- slack; bills were scanty.
' < 1 »-<!•' i.. 1.000 was withdrawn for India by
the Currency Department. Such ear-marking
during the last three weeks which has been
: hliberto undisclosed amounts to £701.000, I.IIJ
not -to £400,014, as 'was cabled yesterday.
. CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. 17.— Canadian Pacific 17%;
■ Union Pacific preferred. 75»4; Northern Pacltlc
preferred. 774: Atchlson. 24; Grand Trunk. "4;
Anaconda, •>». Bar allver. quiet, i"d p«r •■OMO,
Money. 2W per cent.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. Nov. 17.— The following table,
compiled by Bradntreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
November 1«. with the percentage of Increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Percentage
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York 51. 291.5*2.007 16.0
Boston 1U.C7&.M0 li.O
Chicago 145.J75.157 21. a
Philadelphia 102.32^.477 35.3
St. Louts 25.643.002 15
Plttsburg 83.277.151 (VI
San Francisco I ••. 11l 34.4 ....
Baltimore 22.296.166 €.8 ....
Cincinnati 11261,060 26.4 ....
Knm>iui City 15.355. 109 .... ....
Minneapolis 15,710.675 7.8 ....
New Orleans 13,c3<),»<)7 16.8 ....
IX"tmit 5.572.775 24.9 ....
Cleveland 11.321.3C2 21.1
Louisville 10.lCn.SCS 22.4 - ....
Providence 7.745.500 34.1 ....
Milwaukee 6.707,429 4.3
St. Paul 6.354,446 .... 11.4
Buffalo 5.C01.6M) 22.4
omuha t -;.. ma .... S.I
Indianapolis 6.Si:\«>S .. . X.9
Columbus, 0 6,011,700 1C.9 ....
Savannah 4. 'Tl. 18 W.I ....
I'enver 4.231.334 5.6 . .
Hartford 2.572.457 .... 1.2
Richmond 3.4tt.K*S 22.2
Memphis 3.825.511 34.5
Washington 3.365.12* 53.0
P«-orla Ml» ■«■) U.
Ho»-h»..UT 2.119.033 .... 8.6
Ne-x Haven 1.619.507 1.8 ....
Worcester 1.543.446 10. *
Atlanta 2.3W.<J23 19.7
Salt Lake City 1.877 27.1
Springfield. Mats... 1. '«.'.. 70» .. . {..
Fort Worth 2.13.*.J32 6.5
Portland. Me 1.33'J.0M to 3
Portland. Or 2.404.619 ; «
.St. Joseph 3.:34.129 41. ....
Los Angeles 2.1"» I.M» 25.7
Norfolk ; 1.C77.670 €5.4
Syracuse 1.530.129 3.1
lies M.ilnes L 562.442 13.8 ....
Nashville 1,rt5.57!» 17.4 ....
.Wilmington, Del... &1.62Z 11 6
Fall River 1,174.237 2b. 1
Scranton 1,207,746 15.3 ....
Grand Rapids L 252.603 23.7 ....
Aaigunta, Oa 1.234,514 25.2 ....
Lowell 610.142 15.2
I»ayton. O ■ 1.i«5.«20 35.7
Settle 2.643.M9 f7.0 ....
Tacoraa 1,139.926 27.9 ....
Spokane 1,574. . : .
Sioux City 1.330.503 36 0 '....
New Bedford 637.544 2J.6
Knoxvllle. Term.... • 637.V03 1.0
Topeka ' 6K7.007 1.2 ....
Birmingham *o"i.f.S4 7$ 0
Wichita 4«2.?52 l.«
Blnghamton 446.900 21.5
Lexington. Ky 415.229 12.1
Jacksonville. Kia... 26>.&57 1.9 ....
Kalamazoo 555.074 .... ....
Akron 424. HW 19.7 ....
Chattanooga 4tt,793 6 6
Rockford. 11l M 6.557 344
Canton. 0 273.500 4.8
Sprlngtleld. 0 327.131 50.5
Fargo. N. D 611.010 4.2
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 151.306 23.1
Hastings. Neb 137,.'6-> 21.2
Fremont. Neb 93,377 10
Davenport 554.416 33.3
Toledo 2.402.112 26.3
Galveston 1.703.Ei» 17.,".
Houston 11.137.570 20.6
Younjstown, 0 2?3.402 6.7
Evansvllle 1.131.341 16.5
Helena 505.766 6.3
Maccn 125.0C0 6.5
Springfield. 11l 4t6.95« 13.
Little Rock 667.817 53. 2
Totals, U. 5....12.031.321.523 17. • 7T77
Totals outside New
York 739.73».21« 20.7
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $16,341,033 2»
Toronto 10.217.507 3.8
Winnipeg 3.2*3.530 29.3
Halifax 1.491.479 22.6
Hamilton 8W.52S 7.4 ....
St. John. N. ft RUN 19.2
Victoria 654.979 .... 1.1
Vancouver 8*2,207 40.0
Totals $34,300,817 7.0
Bradstreet's Financial Rez'iew.
NETW YORK. Nov. 17.— Bradstreet's financial
i review to-morrow will say: Speculation this
w.-ek has hinged almost entirely on the money
mark«t and the development. connected with it.
I.h*i Saturday's unexpectedly bad bank state
ment, showing that the New York Clearing
house Institutions were about J2.700.000 below
the leiral reserve limit, created on unfavorable
1 Impression about the probable course of prices
at the opening of the week. Hut In place of
the expected selling movement the market from
Monday onward developed support of an ex
cellent quality, while at the same time large
supplies of funds c*me Into the call loan mar
ket. While rates touched I>>.. per cent these
were the extremes and the bulk of the bor
rowing at the Stock r?x<-hnnic.- was on a lower
I level than for a fortnight or so. Large amounts
were loaned at I per cent or less and the money
wj»* offered In such a way as to Indicate that
the Intention waa to ease the market. The sen.
eral Impression, furthermore, was that there
i was a close connection between the appear
ance of these supplies of money and the break
of exchange rate* elsewhere described. In fact
It was understood that certain Institutions had
made large sterling loons and had use.l the
money derived from the «ale of bill* In the
loan market.
There was, It must be noted, little expecta
tion of cold Importations, but the decline In
exchange was a factor of considerable assist
ance to the stock market, which was more
j active and broader than It has been lately and
i generally advanced during the early part of the
week. These tendencies were of course lntensl
ned and Increased by the news made public
on Thursday that the United States Treasury
would buy $15,000,000 of gold bonds at the mar
ket price for the 4 and 6 per cent Issues. This
was almost unexpected, though it had been
stated that cert sin bond dealer* hay« been ac
cumulating bonds In view of a possible call
of thla description, and among the reports on
Thursday wwoa o one. that this block, aald to be
some $10,000,000 in amount, would be promptly
tendered. Both practically and sentimentally
tbe Secretary of the Treasury's action had an
excellent effect and measurably dlaslpated any
subsisting' feeling of disquietude in regard to
the money situation. Prices therefore advanced
throughout the list, though one of the reatures
of the week was the extent to which activity
seemed to be confined to lower-priced atocks,
like aome of the Pacific group. At the same
time the higher-priced railroad stocks wie
not totally neglected, considerable strength de
veloping l n that quarter. London was a pur
chaser of our stocks, but the foreign Influence
on the. speculative situation was not at all
marked.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
NEW YORK. Not. 17.— Bradstreefa to-mor
row will nay:
General trade and Industry continue at a
maximum volume for this season of the year,
while prices, as a whole, manifest a strength
unapproached in recent year*. Strength of
values Is still most notable among manufac
tured textiles, but cereals, hides and leather
and manufacturers thereof have also strength
ened slightly. On the other hand pork, pro
ducts and tin are slightly lower. Tha great
majority of prices, however, remain firm ut
unchanged quotations. An active consumptive
demand for wool Is reported at leading mar
kets, accompanied by a fair export demand and
a further reduction in stocks,
Cereals do not manifest any striking change
this week, but the resisting power of the mar
ket is apparently greater, more moderate re
ceipts of «i,.., at the West Inducing some
covering, and corn Is sympathetically stronger.
Another feature naturally attracting attention
at this time of the year Is the active demand
ror coal, but generally reported small stocks
of coal available, both East and West.
lumber displays continued strenuth. and ad- 1
vices are of an expected very heavy cut this
winter, both in the Northwest and at the
South. Some shading In provision prices is
nn # ot v ' largely as a result of heavy receipts
of hogs. Sugar Is In rather slow demand, not
withstanding reiterated reports of the i>ettle
ment of the war among refiners.
The market for Iron and st«el la rather quiet
at the East, but a heavy demand both for
plglron and steel Is reiM.rted at Chicago. While
export business has been reported checked. It
Is Interesting to record a very heavy order for
steel rods for export placed this week. He
»orts are also that a large foreign contract for
rails has been secured. Some shading In prices
of plates and steel billets in reported, but
bessemer plglron Is higher. In other metals a
feature has been a decline In tin, both at home
and abroad (partly recovered later, however),
while copper remains unchanged. In hardware
2. further decline In builders' grades Is reported,
but already some orders for next spring's de
livery are being placed.
Wheat, including flour shipments for th*
week aggregated 4,640.007 bushels, against 4,
650.842 t u«hels last week. 6.679.141 bushels In
the corresponding week of IS**. 6,630.792 bushela
In 18J7, 3.937.233 bushels In ISM and 2.516,k33
bushels, In ISA. .
BUM July this 'season the exports of wheat
aggregate 31.779. bushels, against £3.299.357
bushels last year and 5»73. Li« bushels la
1597-9 S.
Corn exports for the week aggregate 4,603.711
bushels, against 4.f.M.447 bushels last week.
Since July 1 this seuson corn exports aggre
gate ES,O7O,K[>S bushels, against 5(.1>23.916 bush
els during the same period a year ago and (6.-
C7H.440 bushels In ISV7-9S.
Business failures in the United States this
week number IK9, as compared with 182 last
week. 229 In this weak a year ago, 235 In UO7,
30? In m 6 and 323 Jin 1595.
Business failures In the Dominion of Canada
are 99, as against 23 last week, 24 In this week
a year ago. 37 In IstT, 47 In ivj« and 42 In IS.-5.
Dun's Reiiew of Trade.
NKW TORK. N", v. IT.— B r. Pun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade to-morrow will say: r
The signs of the «hrlnka*e for the new de
mand for Iron and steel products become mow
clear, and while prices of pig are maintained
without change and billets are quoted lower
only because premiums for early deliveries ,
are no longer paid, plates are quoted lawer at '
the East, with some "mall mills selling at 25c
at Pltt!<burg. and sheets are sold by some
works there at S3 less than the regular prlci-s.
Strength of bars at the West Is largely due
to the great demand for cars, of which It Is
said that 1000 per day are ordered, but at the
East prices are a shade lower.
A new demand does not make up for the
rapid completion of old orders In some lines, to
that competition of works weakens prices. In
minor details the collapse of- London specula
tion depressed tin to Me on Wednesday here,
but subsequently an advance of 4s per ton In
the foreign market brought the New York
prices up to 2$ cents. A sale of copper by the
Calumet .V Hecla. said to t>e of 20,(X)0.000
pounds, lowered the price to 17 cents. Spelter
is weak at i* ■ with lead and tin plates un
changed.
Textile manufactures are doing well. al
though/In woolens the speculation In material
threatens to cause some embarrassment. Sales -
of wool were again heavy. 21. €12,311 pounds at
the three chief markets, making In two weeks
41.623.811 pounds, against 17. 437. KG pounds last
year, when the mills were v**«-ll employed.
Clearly a large ■hare of the transactions has
been for speculation, but the mills have been
buying also, and especially those recently
started atler long Idleness. Prices are a shade
stronger for fine washed Eastern fleece and for
fine and medium delaine, so that the entire list
averages about an eighth of a cent higher.
Wheat declined a fraction, but fully recover
ed, although Atlantic exports were only 2,9?6,
:..'.l bushels, flour Included, against IVSWLIii
bushels for the same week last year, and Pa
cific exports 720.793 bushels, against 1.955.093
bushels last year. The course of the market
Is the more noteworthy because Western re
ceipts are much reduced, being only 5.837,867
bushels. agalnEt 10,337,311 bushels last year.
Corn declined a fraction with heavier exports
than last year and smaller receipts.
Failures for th» week were 219 In the United
States, against HI last year, and 20 In Canada,
against 26 last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
NKW YORK. Nov. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts.
.26.6C0 barrels; exports, 23,30.".. Opened steady
an druled firmer when wheat was advancing,
but closed partly steady, following the reaction
In wheat.
WHEAT— Racatpta, 49.025 bushels; exports.
24.953. Spot, easier. No. 2 red, 73Vic f. o. b.
afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 77c f. o. b.
afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Dulutii. 7SUc f. o.
b. afloat spot: No. 2 red. '-■• elevator. Options
opened weak at 4c decline under lower cables
and local selling in anticipation of 1,000.004
bushcJi Incraaaa In the visible supply on Mon
day. Advanced HQ?«c on covering and light
receipts, but again turned easier following
Bra<]?treot's statement and dosed weak at a
net decline of l ift4c. March closed 754 c; May.
75 S-16ii76Vic. closed 7.V. December, 71 11-16®
72 s »c. closed 72c.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
METALS— The market for metals still shows
Irregularity. To-day's development displayed
a disposition to do better on fair demand, light
Offering! and generally better news from the
Wert and abroad. But tin and Iron ruled dull
and weak under neglect and unfavorable cables.
At the close the Metal Exchange cnll^l:
PIG IRON— Warrants entirely nominal, giving
no quotation.'
LAKE COPPER— Firm, with $17 bid and $17 25
asked.
TlN— Unsettled and weak for future, at %2%
nominal.
LEAI>-Flrm. with $4 CO bid and $4 65 asked.
The brokers" price for lead Is $4 40 and for cop
per $17017 25. .; .. - -.
SPELTER— DuII, with $4 50 bid and $4 60
asked.
COFFEE— Options closed barely steady, 5 to
10 points net lower. Sales. 20.500 ha.-*. Includ
ing: December, $5 4W5 45; January. $'■ 40®
C 45; March. |5 * ■■/ . SO; May. $5 "■" ■■!.'. 70; July.
J5 73; August. $5 : >. September. (5 Soijs 90; Oc
tober, $0 $5. Spot coffee— Rio, quiet; mild,
quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, steady.
BUTTER-Hecelpt?. TiM packages. Strong:
Western creamery. 21#26c; June creamery KM
244 c; factory. UUtftfe.
EGGS— Receipts, £168 packages. Steady: West
ern upgraded at mark. 14«i20c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
California dried fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common 6£7c
prime wire tray. 7*;^Sc; choice. B%f?sHc; fancy'
S4'&Sc. ■ .-■.-.;
PRUNES— 34eS4c. '" "•■■'■
A™l«>TH-Koyul. «•»': Moorpark. lSffWc.
I PEACHES— reeled. 20#22c; unpeeled. 74<iiac.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. 17.-Wheat opened V9\c
under yesterday. December at 66»;e66% and
May at T-j-,,:i,. The break In the Liverpool
market was the factor. That grain "center
weakened on the Argentine situation. The visi
ble of that country showed little de
-nTVhi" l £* ff K Cc of recent llberal «hlpment».
and there has been no modification of the orel
diction of a large crop. The market here how
ever, was not affected directly by the ' South
American conditions. The opening price was
under puts. The market rallied some on buy"
Ing against this privilege, hut the main sup
port came as a result of the small receipts.
December advanced to 67*6«r$ic and May to
.I{j.U»c. a spread of 4«c between the two op
tions. It became evident that the market ha*
t>«>en over*.. l, l to some extant, a condition the
discovery of which added to the desire to cover
shortages. The early irain waa all lost late in
the session when It was reported that within
the next ten days boats carrying 1.000.000 bush
•ln of wheat would clear toT this port from
Duluth. Both options declined sharply toward
the end. December closing "i©4o lower at
676674 c and May He under at 71Sc.
The trade was moderately active, a fact at
tributed by some to the crusade begun against
the bucket shops affecting: some largo Board
of Trade firms.
Corn was relatively strong all day. Decem
ber closed ViSSc hlKher at 31*4©31 Tic and May
4c over yesterday at 32V.
Oats were firm In sympathy with corn and on
a good shipping demand. December closed 4c
higher at 2274 c; May closed 4ttVic over >'*»"
terday at 244624U&
Provisions held steady on a moderate sup
ply of hogs and In sympathy with the strength
of corn. The market waa not active.
The close was a gain of 5c on all January
products.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Article*— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. J—
December 67 67% 66H C 74
May 71 71H 70?, 714
Corn No. i —
December 814 31 31% SIT*
January 314 81* 81 314
May 82% 13 324 32!»
oat* No. »—
December 12% 23 XX 22 7 4
May 24 24>4 234 UK
Menu Pork per bbl—
December 800 100 7 974 800
January 946 »60 > 424 8 474
May 9 624 8 674 » 524 » 574
I.hi-.1. per 100 lbs—
December 4 824 485 4 824 485
January 6 05 6 10 6 06 6 074
May 5 224-6 274 5 224 525
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
December 4 774 4 824 4 774 4 824
January 4 B*4 4 924 4 »74 4 924
May 6 06 5 05 5 06 6 05
Cash quotations were as follows. Flour,
steady: No. 3 Spring Wheat. Ct'' 'q>>44c: No. 3
Red. $74Q684e: No. 2 Com. 32v;itf324c; No. 2
Oats. 23Hc; No. 2 White. 2«v;c: No. I White.
Ktfaic; No. 2 Kye. He; No. 3 Ilarley. 37<545c;
No. 1 Flaxneed. $1 23; N. W.. SI M; Prime Timo
thy Seed. 12 43@2 55; Mess Pork .per bbl. 87 60©
8 <»: Kurd, per 100 lbs. $4 Tf.fj 4 9*4: Short Rita
SUes (looiM). *4 7505 15; Dry Salted Shmilders
(boxed). b\Crt'' - Short Clear Hides (boxed).
IS 10&5 20: whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gal. on basis o. high wines, SI 234.
Articles— Receipt*. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15.000 16.000
Wheat, bunhela 55.000 U.OM
Corn, bushels 195.000 IM.MI
Oats, bunhels 204.000 3C5.0W
Rye. bushels 6.000 48.000
BarUy. bushels 69.000 ■ 8.000
On th» Produce Exchange to-day th« Butter
market was firm: Creameries. l. r .®244c; Dairies, |
14i:i-. Cheese, firm, 114iM2>;c; Eggs, firm;:
fresh. 18c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. Hay.
Opening 6 8»i 6 9% 110
Closing 5 8\ H l , 6 »H
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 17 45 18 70
Closing 17 45 IS 75
Flour—
Opening 23 40 24 70
Closing 23 43 14 75
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. 17.— CATTLE— ren
rally steady. Texans sold at $< 36. the high
est price In seventeen years. Cow market,
firm. Strictly fancy (quotable), $6 75iJ?7; rood
to choice. $', r.CKi 1 ! 60; poor to medium. $4 60©
» 40; mixed Stock*!*, $3®J 75; selected feeders.
$4 IN; good to choice cows, $3 75<M 60;
heifers. $3 «KTS: canners. $203; bulls. $2 \ 9
3 40; calves. 14-S7 25; fed Texas beeves $4 35*
6 35; praas Texas steers. 83 213-1 25; Western
ranee beeves. $i£iT. 30.
HOGS— Early market stronir. closed weak.
Mixed and butchers. $3 80©* 05; good to choice
heavy $3 '*< "-i 4 05: rough heavy. $3 7&9> hi:
light. $3 7£«4; bulk of sales. J3 9OfJ4.
SHEEP— Heavy sheep, dull and weak; lambs,
steady. Native wethers, 15 7.*.f/4 50; lambs. 14
|Q3 25: Wentern wethers. 83 &<Y<tA 10; Western
lambs. $4 MM 10.
Receipts— Cattl«. 2S00; hogs, 23,000; sheep.
7000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAVD. Nov. 17.— Clearings. 8418.110;
balances, *»7.C».
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nov. 17.— WHEAT— Inactive;
Walla Walla, M2'lc: valley. Me: blueetexn, Me.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 17.— WHEAT— Club. »c; blue
stem, C2c. ______
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Nov. Con*ols. 103 11-11; Ellver.
27d; French Rentes. lOOf 42H0. Wheat carrots
off coast, buyers and seller* apart; cargoes on.
passage, more Inquiry.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 17.— Wheat. steady;
Wheat In Part.*, quiet: Flour In Paris, quiet;
Trench country market*, quiet.
COTTON— Upland*. 4 3-320.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 2 Red Western winter,
steady. 6s B<^d; No. 1 Northern Spring, steady.. •
r.s lO^id. Futures— December. 6a 7 VI;
March. 5s 9',4d; May. ts BHd.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, steady,
35 4Hd: do old. 2» 44d. Futures— Novemb-r,
nominal; December, 3.i iS<i; January. 3a i\-il.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchang*. sixty days.... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — I 81
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York- Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 124
Mexican Dollars — • 48
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 534
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The market shows no further
change worthy of note, but Is depressed and
weak.
Chicago opened weak under a decline abroad,
but there were more buyers than sellers at the
decline. Soon after the opening there was
more tone, local support being given and re
ceipts falling off. The seaboard bought con
siderable, In spite of adverse cables, and there
was a good demand for exports. Argentine
shipments of 1.000,000 bushels were reported.
Corn was very strong, and largely oversold for
December.
Spot Wh«at— Shipping. %\QI 01»i: milling.
$1 03»«®l MU-
CAT^t, nOARD RAISES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4000 ctls,
*1 «<*; WOO. $1 CSS: MOO. HOW; 8000; $1 09 V De
cember—2ooo. JlO2Vi: «000. $102H; 4u«K>, tIWH.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, |1 C9?i ; 4t)00.
« Os»;.
Regular Morning Session— May— C2.ooo ctls
JIO9H: 16.000, $1 05*4. December— 2ooo. JlOl'i;
SS.OOO. $102.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls. $1 03.
May— 32.ooo, JlOO'i: 12.0C0. $1 9H.
HAUI-.EY— The market continues In the same
neglected ami unsatisfactory condition.
Feed. T.Vii^'tc; Brewing and Shipping grades
I7HOK%C; Chevalier, nominal.
CALI, H< IAJU3 SALES.
Informal Senslon- 9:af o'clock — No sale*.
Sec ■:. No sales.
R> ftular M No sales.
Afternoon Hf^.H.i.n No sales.
oats- The demand seema to be Improving,
and th<- tone of the market Is strong, though
there is no adraDCt in prices.
White— ll 10« l B<i; Ited. II 074<3i 1:14; Gray
$1 OTfil .::-. Black. ITHcOti 10.
CORN Eastern large Yellow. $1 0501 07V
White, tl OSCifl 074: mixed. $1 02<461 05 per ctl
KYF.-97»ic<g$102>4 per ctl. The market Is
stronr. with a local demand for good lots.
though most of the offerings are pinched.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 9<Vg2 15 per ctL
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. S3 M©3 73.
usual terms; bakers' extra*. |S 40©3 50; Oregon
and Washington. |3 40®3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 2i<<ST\ M for bakers' and 12 25®3 for superfine.
M I LLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. S3 23 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. 12 75- Rye
Meal, ti 60: Rice Flour. V; Cornmeal. 12 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. 14 25; Oat
Groats. 14 50: Hominy. S3 2.".tj3W; Buckwheat
Flour. KM: .': Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina
14 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 SO; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $6 05'cK. 43; In sacks. $5 85(26 23; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas. $4 50; Green I'eua, $6 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Fcedstuffs.
Hay continues heavy and weak In spite of the
lighter receipts. Bran Is weak at the decline
alreody noted. Rolled Barley la weaker.
BRAN— II 6 to©l 7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- sl9tr2oCo per ton. .
FEKDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. Jl7 50Q1S per
ton: Oil Cake Meal at the mill. *:C'a27: Jobbing
J27 6Cg2S: Cocoanut Cake.- 1*0821: Cornmeal'
J23 WxttiJ M: Cracked Corn. 124025: Mixed Feed
HCSOOI7: Cottonseed Meal. 128 per ton.
Wheat. $7 50ii9 for common to good and
$9 C0«n0 for choice: Wheat and Oat. K®9; Oat
$7©SSO; Barley. J.'V»: Alfalfa, $6®s per ton;
Compressed. STfJIO per ton.
, STRAW— 0 46 c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans rule firm, though no further advance Is
reported.
BEANS— Baroa, C re^a: small WhIU. $J 100
I; laro WhlU. «2 3593 M; Plnlra, ÜB6C2 75;
Reds. 53T594: Blackeye. (4 60O4TB; Butters.
nominal; Lima. 14 *u^fß. Pea. I2i6^s, Red Kid
nays, 13&3 £0 per ctl. la
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 32J.jc; Yellow Mus
tard, 4544 c; Flax. 12 12H: Canary. lHe per lb
for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa, nom
inal; Rape. 24«Sc. Hemp. *H^c; Timothy
404HC
DRIED PEAS— N'lles. 11 3i|Jl BO; Green SI 75
61 85 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
River Potatoes continue firm and in demand.
Onions are steady. There Is no particular
change In vegetables.
POTATOES— River Reds. MVffWr: Burbanks.
60376 c per ctU Salinas 'Burbanks. SI ©1 25;  ,-,'.
gen Burbanks. 66c© U 10; fiweet Potatoes. 75ctt
S6c for Rivera and II 10 for Merced. "
ONIONS— 7S©?Sc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Peas. 6<3«c per Ib-
String Beans, 4ijfic; Cabbage. 3MHOc: Tomato..
16#50c: EltK Plant. 35{?75c; Dried Okra. 12,,.
per lb; Garlic. sc; Green Peppers, nominal;
Carrots, 20tf40c per sack; Cucumbers. &vj
€6e; Marrowfat s<iu»t«h. J121M5 per ton: Muxh
rooms. 10f?15c per lb for choice and 5«Sc for
poor.
Poultry and Game.
The feat ere of the Game market was the large
arrival of Canvanback from Oregon, selling at
top flcuw. There was also some ducks In from
Utah. Prices for all kinds of Game continued
high.
Turkeys were weak, but other kind* of Poul
try were firm. Th«-re Is more or leas Eastern on
the market at the moment.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13&14 c for Gob
biers and 13^ 11- for liens; Young Turkeys, U\t
15c; Dressed Turkeys, lo'olv; Geese, per pair.
$15<Hli;i. Goslings. Jli.ulTi; Ducks. Wit* M
for old and J'.'nt. for young; Hens. 14 >'n.> .V};
Young Roosters, $£'«"« 5 "'»: Old Roosters. »4 sCfjs;
Fryers. <i 4 SO; Hrollers. $3 r*K4 for large, Ha
ISi tor mall; Pigeons. Ji 25 per dozen for old
and SI ~"AlZ 25 for Squabs.
(JAMB- Quail. |3«3 50; Mallard. $^10; Can.
vasback. Wq\2: Sprig. S4&PB6 6O: Teal, S3 UY®
4 60; Widgeon. Ha 4; Small Duck, S2 "■"■■i3. Doves,
SI per dozen; Hare, SI -•"• ol 5o; Rabbits. SI ''•••
Gray Geese, $3 *"*it*. White, SI 504/1 ">: Brant.
K"J/3; >:riKlUn Snipe, {.' 00 per dozen; Jack
Snipe. SI H.
Butter, Clieese and Eggs.
There Is no particular change In Butter, but
- :ing in not as demoralize ** It has been.
Cheese Is steady. Another advance In Eggs Is
reported.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 24S2Sc; seconds,
20023 c.
Dairy— Fancy, 223:2140; good to choice. Xlc;
common. 20c. ■
Pickled roll. 22tt22Hc; firkin. 21c; creamery
tub. ?:»:3c.
Kantern -17ei8e for ladle packed
CHEESE— Choice mild new, llHtri2e: old lie-
Younp America. imf?l2c: Eastarn. Mal>.
EGGS-Quoted at 27H©3£c for store and 40«
43c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. r7'4j2»o for
selected. 24&260 for No. 1 and a^iat^c lor sec
onds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges continue to decline slowly. Lemons
and Limes are quiet.
'■r*\»» are scare* and firm, especially those
In orates, for they can be shipped.
Fine Apples are firm, but the common klnda
are weak.
DEI 11 I "is FRUITS—
Apple*. 3£&65 c per box for common. 75c25l for
good and SI 25tH 10 for choice.
BKRRlKS— Strawberries. - r»r rh»»t for
small an.] 12 50tr5 for large berries; Raspber
ries. (4 Mli per chest; Blackberries. S«; Huckle
>>»-rrlf«. f.'u7c per It.. • ..1- co.i frtm berries.
Wai 50; Coos Bay Cranberries, 11 75*32 per box.
Persimmons. st»fi7Sc per bos
Grapes, VftOc per box; crates, CS3Oc.
Winter Pears. bttcQll 25 per bo».
Quinces, LOQZZc vr box.
Pomegranates, M#ne per sma/1 box and tl £0
per large box. /
CITRUS FRUITS— NavaI Oranges $39» V) per
box: Seedling*. SI SAQ2 25; Grape Fruit. SI J>33;
Lemons, 75c35l 50 for common and S2S3 SO for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. Jl 'Ay 4 CO: Ba
nanas. Sl©2 M per bunch; Pineapples. w:jz M
per doz.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In tacks. I\e for
40-Ms. 4V,c for 60-60's. J\e for 60-70*. I 4« for
70-80's, ie for ft*-*?* and 2\r tor SO-lWs; Apri
cot». ll©l3c for Royal*. 124tH«c for Moor
parka and 12914 c for Blenheims; Peaches. >
si,<- for Standards. 6&6>-ic for choice an I 7c fur
fancy; peeled Peaches. 12i*Q15c; Evaporated
Apples. ~V'\e: Sun-dried. C'tfs4c per lb; Nec
tarines. ts'-ifi*c per Ib for red; Pears. «H©Sc for
quarters and SfflOc for halves; Ulack Kits lit
IHc; White Fig*. 4Q6c: Bleached Plums StfSc-
Unbleached Plums. 7<j7So for pitted and H«c
for unottted.
■ llAlSlNS— Hteache«l Thompson's— Fancy t>«r
lb. 10c; choice. 9c; standard. »c; prime. lc' un
bleached Thompsons, per lb. 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy, per lb. S4c; choice, 74c; standard. 6Sc
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas, to; Seedl»ss
M-lb boxes. sc; I-crown loose Muscatel*. 6Uc'
I-crown. •J'nc; 4-crown. "c; London Layer*'
2-crown. tl 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 40. Kancy
Clusters. %2: Dehesa. 12 M; Imperial. |3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping point*
in Cullfornla.
NUTS— Chestnut*. SiJl2Hc; Walnuts. 9^loc for
standards, and lOW&ll^c for noftPhell- Al
mondii. 12'il^'jc for paper-ihell. 10®iic for soft
and sfl6c or hardHhell: Peanuts, ;.* 4 -ij- , for
Eastern, and Be for California; Brazil Nut*
VVifcSHc: Filberts. ll',ai:<-; Pecans, 10'ulic'-
Cocoanuts. J4 WflS. ™ lw>
HONEY— Comb, ll^c for bright and lOUc for
light amber: water white extracted, "V<J7W"
light amber extracted. r,u^; Ci dark, 6U 0 per *b*
BEES\VAX-14«Mc per lb. * *^
Provisions.
Previous prices role for all descriptions.
CURED MEATS — nacon, 9Vic per lb for
leavy. ?4c for light medium. 10'^c for Ilicht.
.l^c for extra light an 1 130 for sugar-cured;
Eautern surar-cured llama. i:ur; California
Hum*, nominal: Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra
Me**. $13; Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $14 to
extra clear. $17 60; mess, $16 50; Smoked Beef*
14«?144c ocr lb. '
LARD— Tierce* quoted at «He per Ib fin
compound and 7c for pur»: half-barrels, pur*
74c; •lb tins. Sc; S-lb tin*. S'Je.
COTTOLENE— TIercea. 7S*TSc peT lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers,
ll'r . medium, lie: light. 104 c; Cowhides. 10©
104 c; Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 10c; Calf. 10c;
Dry Hides, sound. K'&lSc; culls and brands
He; Cry Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf. Sc"
Sheepskins, yearlings. li''fi3.*.o each: short Wool"
Sstf6"c each: medium. 70^90c; lone Wool, jiu
1 2Z each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for larre and
llfrl 50 for small: Colts. 50c.
TALLOW i rendered. &354e per lb; No.
2, 44c: refined. 6'a<Vtc; grease, 24c
WOOL.—
Fall clip— San Jnaquln plain?. »T?94e: South
ern. SfllOc; Middle County. lOf/12'ic: Humboldt
and Mendoclno, lS^itc. Eastern Oregon. 12glac
Valley Oregon. 15<818c: Northern Mountain'
free, 11<SIV; Northern Mountain, defective ICKi
lie t>er lb. ' w
HOPS— S^lOc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hoks ar» hither axaln and small Houn Hr .
scarce. oth«r dewrrlptlnns remain as l-
BXBF— 7OTHC per lb for Steers and •
for Cows.
VEAL— per lb.
MUTTON— Wethm. 7c: Ewes. 64c per Ib
LAIIB— SffSHc n*r ib
PORK-Llve Hogs. 6H@SHc for small. s*ic
for medium and 'a;.',..- for lan,— ; stock Hoes
and Feeders. s<BsV;c; dress-: Hogs. 7CS4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7ft7V4<*: Wool
Bags. »«30c; Fruit Bags. *c. SV«c and f\ I -
the three grades of white and 7»*c for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington. M per ton: New Welling -
ton. if,. Southfield Wellington. $7 M; Seattle. H;
nryant. *«; Coos Bay. $5; Wallnet. IS; Scotch
; Cumberland. V 75 in bulk an i f. S3 In
»ark»; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. Jll; Can
nel. $•• tO per ton: nock Springs and Castle
Gate. i'j 60: Coke. $;3 per ton in bulk and |u>
In narks.
Harrison's circular says:
"During the week there have been three de
liveries of coal fnim Oregon. 19W tons: five
from Washington. 12,3!>4 tons; one from lirii:«h
Columbia. 2 1 7.". tons; three from Australia. 7W
tons; total. M.C7I tons. The xlim arrivals th:*
week are still further diminishing our small
reserves In yard. If our count mines do not
largely Increase their shipments, we may be
somewhat short of fuel for the winter months.
They can at any moment enlarge their output
to keep up with any possible demand we may
make on them, but the difficulty Is to find
transports for It. Carriers are not procurable
at the moment. The Government I* absorbing
a large amount of coal. Of course their urgent
requirement* must be looked after Ural this
create* a big deficit in our local supplies. Prlc^i
remain steady. The situation could easily be
utilized for an advance of values; so far. there
is no disposition to do so. This should prove
the banner year for our coast collier*. as they
sell all they can land here at lull figures, frcm
ship's side, thus avoiding yard charges. ' This
Is very evident. judging from the avidity which
dealers display on the arrival of every cargo
with long lines of teams awaiting their turns'
Australian and English freight rates on coal
for this market do not show any weakness"
RlCE— China mixed. S3 uxftz 90: China No* 1
$4 KG* 90; extra do. $1 WQt; 23; Hawaiian
$4 »7H©5; Japan. |l Zr.'.f.; Louisiana. |3©« '
BUOAR— TM .Western Sugar Kenning Com
pany quote*, terms net cash. In ICO-lb bags
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. .'Sc- Pow
dered. 5»4c: Candy Granulated. So: Dry Granu
lated. *\c : Confectioners' A. 44 T «c; California A.
7r~;., Ma olla , A. 4Hc: Extr * C. 4 * c : Ooldeii
C. 4^o; barrels, 1 l-l«c more; half-barrels. Vie
more; boxes. He more; $<Mb bass. He more
' No order taken for lees than 73 barrels or tta
equivalent. Dom.nues. hair-baxrels, SH-; boxes.
53ic per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. NOVEMBER IT.
Flour, qr ska 1 '■.■■-! !(• r«. bales M
Wheat, ctls 10.S10 Htraw. . tons U
Barley, rtls 4.(43 liny, tnns in
Oats, ctls l;l".O Prlts. Ixlls 223
nutter, ctls m ICMes, No CM
i'h— !•-•, ctls '". .-hi--' ir, bbls.. Z.--.
Beans, ska 2.3.W R«gs. rtoi ... «.»)
Potatoes, ales 6,4l7! Ruisln*. t>ozes.... l.:v>
Onions, sks 2t>.*'i'hlcory. bb15...... M
I'.r.in. sks 3.s:* I.ime bbla 873
Middlings. «k5.... I."*) Wine, gals 41.M0
Mustard, sks rC.Quirkullvar. flasks 157
Sugar, sks 2.l^; leather, roll* 71
OREGON.
0C» trja >J»O010I sTisaa'jnou
Family Retail Market.
I nutter continues to cheapen. Ranch Efts are
">arer and scarce.' though supplies will prob
,7 "**••■• if the weather keep* fine.
«.*me| s .*tin too , CBW tor fatally eating.
•*a W the club* anl restaurants can tSnnl
w- vl'v I '" v ' try «nn.ls about the same an last
*eek. ih,.uzl. there |g j. v, e n th« market.
no^ n tnil V»Wt*Mt. .bow no change, or
re freely, but
■■■is.es are aearer.
I • •
* -IIS:
battle ■ wS»IJ?| COU * **** «*«•
Dairy Produce.' etc — • .
Meats, per ir, -
"nAiBSLi SfS
H-rn. £»« ..IS*?-; sirloin Steak ""i5& U
Do. Eastern... l7^fr-»'ortrrhou*e. do^'ioMa
■
Mutton .-..low;; Fork Sausages ru^n)
( Lamb ; KVlS|V>al .„ .JUS
Poultry and Gam»^- .: ' '
Hens, each WS«J Quail. <soxen..J3 M© 4 iy>
Youne Roosters. •. M*i:anl. pa!r..l .'.0&2 a
each SO^C CanvitKhaJn Mir
Old roosters.- ea..;offW SI ■V'fy i»
Frym, earh. .....—^VWlSprig, palr-.-.'^girtJl '•
1 Broiler* each 3.*{t4»:Teal. p#r pair TiT-.jii
, Turk-ys. per 1b..,.JtU22 WM»r*r.n. pair..". 7MJ^4
Duck*, each ... :Cu*o;i-mHll Duck p«r
•Gp»«e. each. .Sl Kftl M pair lOO7S
I'l.'mh", pair — ■■.('■• V. i;.| Ge#se. per
Rabbits. ; palr...'.,S>»iC'>| pair 075
Hare, each —^< .'3 I nrxltxh Snlpe.'di J3 <*i
Doves, per lea — Jack Salp« It 00
FruH* and Nuts—
Almonds. 1b lJtTl'Ml.lmes, per do€... UtflS
Apples 4i# «|pears. per 1b fa 4
naruinas. dozen... V<i?> l!.ii«!r.i. lb i«u
Cranberries. qt..:.l2>{ !S|J:aspherrles. per
Grains, per 1b.... Hnff drawer 33559
Hnrkleberrles. lb..— ti 10 Strawberries, per
Oranges, pr dos.*.33aSM drawer CQiy
Lrmons. doi ..WiSir Walnuts, ib. ..".".'...—
Vegetables—
Artichokes, do*.-..So<J7j:OnloTis. lb M 1
Heets. do/ :12V lilOkra. dry. per lb — 1I"5
Ur-iM, white, lb.. tf* — . • Peppers, green, lb •.'Sit
<"«l(.re<l. 1b....i. ilt s 'Potatoes, ►, IjJ *
Lima, lb — IcVHw»ft Potatoes... Xi# «
Catbaße. each . 61;1» Parsnips, doa ....15t»—
Cauliflowers. e*ch.£u:o lU<ll»hes. ds bchsini>l]
♦Vlery. bunch ... : ■» - -...^... do* bnch«..2Stttt
Cucumbers. dos.;ttO3 Strlns; Beans. U>...«:,;u
Cress, doz bnchs.2"CrK Isiummer Squash.
Ilt Plant per lb.; Sffin: V » T jb ... «f«
«ir-»n Pt-a». lb Rt»10 Thyme, lb MM
Lentil*. lt> i ; 8 Turnips, dos 1 ;:".
Lettuce, dox .....IM/— .Tunratces. l| 4 5
Fi.-h
Harrncu^a i. — <!— 'Shrimps —till
Carp — itlZ Vhail — tfll
I Codfish ..— <?ls Kea Has* lb 30
I Fli.un.lers Kit— '. Sm« tt-i — «U
Halibut — ii-r.foles IC#l3
Herring lOff— ; Hkates. each 10*13
KinKtish — ifli.Tomcod — <WU
Mackerel .— _.—. — Clams, gal .".'; —
Do. Horse — ti— : n.» hanMhell.loo 40ti^>
I Perch ..— O — Crabs, each ...1* U
1 Pompano — V — ' Do softahell.doi li'jli
Rnckflsh Uti — 1 Mussels, gut 10-fJIJ
Salmon, fresh linlO Oy«ter«. Cal. 10O..V!fiii>
Salmon, smoked..— 'a. 'o Do Eastern. d»:: w "io
4 >
! THE STOCK MARKET. j
Ther* was a heavy business on the morntnc
session of the Bond Exchange. Spring Valley
Water was weak at J37tH7 IT4 and Contra>
Costa Water firm at $77 li'u77 (9. Giant Powder
advanced to '■ CO ar.d « '■ ■■-.* it Electric was
lower at KCQZi. The sugar stocks showed lit
tie change.
In the nfterr»'*>o Oas & . Electric was still
lower af $'»4 7S'tfs4. The »m-ir stocks ••*«*■• 1.
Hawaiian selling .down to. %jl U). ilutchl&Jca
to JJT anil liana to- $3 "7'j. • ■
The Hutchlnson Plantation Company de
clared the usual monthly dividend oi 2) cents
per share, (ayable on the 20ih. .•
The .Champion -Mining Company of s> Tl .< t
City has ■!■ .:.ir 1 Its .'■•.-:.. -.-t dividend at th*
rate of V> cents per share.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. November 17. I p. m.
Bld.Ask. : Ask.
V S Bond*— Eqult O L Co. i <■■%
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. 14<4 _
4s quar re*.... — — >< i. I. as H.... — ii
4s quar new... — III*-; I.ac Gaa Imp.. 514 —
3s quar cup...loß%!MS Pac LJKbt Co.. 4,14, 41
Mlscelian'tKis— S F O & L..... W; ii
Cal-st Cab 15. 117 — Pan Fran — _
C C Wat 55. ...10*1% — ' Stockton Cu.. 13 —
Ed L. A P Ca.lM - I:.-i:r.ir -—
V&CI Uy «j.IIJ — Flrem's Fund. tXt —
Oeary-st r. ss. — M ! Bank Stocks —
II C& S 545. .1074 — Anglo-Cal C —
L. a By 5».... — i'j« llank of Cal... — 4M
LA LCo •».. » — '''..rsinT.. J«H »l
Do «ntd 6j.. » — First National — 243
Do icntd Cs.. — — Uin P A A....1» —
LA& P n 55. 111 — Mer Ex........ — II
Market-st 65...1^\ — ;N L . V Nat r.ic...1534U0
Do W M ss.ll(i\ll7H' Savlngii Uanka—
NCN olt 7».112 — .Her S & L...1700 —
N nof Cal 65.11i5 — 'Hum S Jk 1..10.'.0 ll«0
NII of Cal 5«.1i:M13\: Mut Par Hk. 33 43
NPC nII Cs.ini — \n F Hay IT.. Zuo —
NPC Ult 5».107 — Say ft L, fio. -^ |;ii
N Cal It n 5«.lli T » — |S.-c Puv Itk.. — 310
"<: I- * H Bs.V-S 110 Ur.lAn T C 0..140). .140) 1449
< >ak Tran fa. .11l nj | Street iu::r .»!<-
Oak WCo «5.,10S IC-j Caltfornl* 1U _
Ocean S S ss..lCi'-~lV> jOeary ,V» —
' >ni C Ry «s.. - I^4 'Markets '::.<:,
PA Cl Ry 6«..1074 — Oak S L. A 11. — M
Pk &O My €.«.Ui — I'resUio .... M »
Po well-fit R fis — 122 p.>w.ler— ■
Pae El O&r:». — — rr a !lftTn!a ..;..171 -
8 F A N P is. 114% — !E I>>namlt«... M »1
S F A 5JV19...113- — . r.iant Cob Co.. K«j H
H Ry of Cal -- 1 ••; — ■ iVigorlt .• .« r 3*«
8 Pof A Cv... — 114 I t-uicar- .
8 I- C «#(1905>. — 111 liana P C 0.... •'V 13
.- I" C C»tllMi).lll — |Haw CA BCo 944 Si
■ P c m ".-•'.: I .ll* V» — |Hanokaa 8 Co. 33\» —
SPCIs eg as. — — ! Hutch S P C0..2r, 27
SPl)rb 113 — Kilaura ft Co.. 25V« M
s V Wat 6«....114411« il.-jkawell 8 Co 4S 47H
S V Wat 4s I'll lCJ4»Onomea S Co.. MS —
S V W4s'3Jm).lkilK*lo3 |Paauhau S Co. .3Z\ —
Stktn Cas «s.. — — Ml»ce!.:an*ous—
Water Stock»— Al Pack Aasn.llS 11J4.
Contra Co«-ta.. 7T — Mer tx Assn.. •- 100
Mann County. W — CXeanlc S Co.. 134 -1
Spring Valley: S€4 »7 l « Pac A T A.... l«i —
Oas and Klectrlc— I Pac C Bor C 0.143 — '
Cent Ga» C 0... - - I Par : Hint Co.. IH —
Cent I. & P... « T I
Morning g«— lom.
Hoard- . JV V
10 Contra Costa Water, cash 77 n
IJ3 Contra Costa Water 77 n
iC I'ontra t'osta Water ................. 77 50
US Kquital.le C.as « jjii
:;«:innt Pow.ler Con. cash to W
1:.". Gtunt Puwiler Con - >j co
SO Giant Powder Con. ■ 90 to V)
lft Giant Pi.w.Ser Con tin
5 Giant Powder *'*>n » n its
a Giant I">wdor Con „„ tl JO
W liana Plantation Co n m>
ICO Honiic.i.i Supar Co a 73
2". Hutchlnson S P Co. cash ' 27 so
IS Market Stre-t Railway ...: «2 f 0
5 Oceanic S H Co ; 5153
r« l"aiuhau S P Co - jj ■■
2i Paauhau 8 P Co X 2 r%
10 Paiuhau H P Co MM*
%3o:o a k * a J v bonds , 'itj co
40 8 y Gaslight :.... 3-,
1« 8 F Gas Sk F.lectrlo Co MM
10 P F Gas A Klectrlc Co  55 -5
f.O S F Gas & El«ctrlr Co. s «0 "!" HIS
W)S F Gas & Klertrlc Co "" C 3 c*
Aft a F Ga* A Electric Co." ." t; •*
53 Spring Valley Water "-.s? 00
10 Spring Valley Water «7 \-Hl
»;»«) I'nlt»<l States 3* .'...""ftt
$".00 T'nlteil Ftate.-* Ss *"ks JTVi
J^)o United States 0s ''iJs jq
Ftrevl— ..• '
tV'On Northern Xv of California St .. 113 »>
$3(CO Park & Cliff Hou^e 6s -"ijjn
10 Spring Valley Water !..!!!!.! >7 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
€0 Alaska Packers' Association ...,\ii CO
73 Contra Costa Water ;... 77 m
?.:. Contra Costa Water !! 77 13
l'O Hana Plantation to ; * ia co
1M Har.a Plantation Co "*-sß7^i'
H> Hawaiian Com' l * Sugar... . •**M »a
4">o Honnkna •■ m
30 Hutchinson 8 P Co * :7 co
tO Mutual Light Etectrlc '.'/" v Ji
SO Paauhau H P Co ~.gjj«
SK I'aauhau S P (,'o J2 ;j
. 50 Pacific Ga» Imp < f» ut
50 Spring Valley Water .!/.* 17 S)
10 8 V Gas &.El*ctrlc Co sj 75
15 8 F Oas & Electric Co :... U IS
20 S F Gas A F.t-ctrlc Co H «
li» Vlgorit Powder ; 3CO
Street—
CO Oceanic S 8 Co .' -.. ft 7*.
| «0 Spring Valley Water !»T CO
Continued on Page Thirteen.NEWS
OF THE
BAY CITIES
DEATH REVEALED
BAD BLUNDER OF
DR. G. H. DERRICK
. ;•. — • — i —
Concealed a Case of
Diphtheria.
■ ■'• "•. . ' — -+~ —
AI.AMMPA. Nov. 17.-One of Governor
— ' -!"'""•••" vrowf.™ has emptied
to .!•<>■; -.:»;«•. health laws of this city and
there is. a warrant out for his arrest
" r '^^ » Derrick of Oakland. State
Oddest bf,tl» A. P. A.. B h.»w« re-
Nv:r.!.;rJ by the Governor with the ap
|i ilhtmrr.t : of attending physician at the
Bduatrta] Home for the Adult Hlind. ha«
clashed with Health Officer Btldham. and
the Aiam.-da otlicials are determined to
leach: Uie OaUan-1 doctor to respect tl.e
»oal _.a>vs t»,-foro they get throush with
'*,'• ; " ■• requlrli.r
■
•••n Bt
■ ■
■
t ?°i. a w ** e '" Of Wore th*. residents of the
j.>"!«jborhon ( i had been 'exposed t<> the
oread disease through Dr. Derrick's ac-
TtiriH. and when the secret leaked out in
dignation, ran high.
Health officer Stidham telephoned to
JVrrl«-k. but the litter denied that the
raye 'waft one of diphtheria. Later. wh<*n
lie lenm<>.l that the clrl'had. died, he ad
mitted thru the Health Officer's diagnosis
Kit the case wap corretP Stops vrere Im
mediately taken to pt«vent the f.pread
the disease. Five llttlt. children who
live tn thi* i>am* house have been exposed.
of them have been attending: the
v-.jMlr *c»ir«.ls during the- time M!s«
jiach««r was ill, making an epidemic of
diphtheria jionslbl*.
As soon as Dr. Stldham nsr^ertalned the
f.trts he swore to n comj>laint l>.->fore Re
corder Pt. Sure charging l>r. Derrick with
violating a city ordinance. A warrant
v as Issued an«l played In the hand? of an
\'^;cer for service.
"The members of the Racher family
nnd Dr. Derrick have treated this ca«e
with th«* utmost Indifference/ said
H.-nlth <»fl!oer Stidham. "The manner in
-.v'slch the sickness W-as allowed to go on
v :h those little children in th<» house
■nd the children of the neighborhood
j>!.-\ylhg about the premises is nothing
Fhort of criminal. 1 propose to vigorously
yiui*ecute. th»« case and make an example
that will »>e a lesson to other carele<*
phrilclani'.*' ■ " ■
M 'dma Minute.
\LAM!;i»A. N.v. 17.— Martin William
Rlehl and Miss Mamie' B. Dickey of San
BAD BLAZE IN THE
WHOLESALE DISTRICT
Box 21 at I:" 1 o'clock this morning was
Jr a iiri' in th> wholesale coffee house
-f f.« !:;ul •■•«}*. Tnierbacta a: Co. at SOS Uat
t.ry sir«-<t. . The tip* Js thought to have
,-■'. Its rrlgin through the overheating of
:. . .f!. •■ '..•.-,v!.t dii '!«•• second floor of the
• '■: 'ibKshment- ' Damage-to the extent of
; ■ v. .-.*. d..ne. Tlie (irompt arrival of.
the Ore. <i> ;..«<u.:. -nt saved the bu:lding and
";: v l tmt« nti from utter loss. ■ .
:.• ■ '.•.■■ • » ■ ■
. ili£ FUNERAL.
Overcome
-
■
■
-
■
■
■
HIS -GRAFT- ENDED.
J«une« Hall, a Bunko-St-»:» Dies at
| Hospital
' tiur*
■
■
Auditor Wells.
The employe* <>f the Board of Health, j
v fia wore . recently appointed under tin- ;
(ScdrJon of Judge ll\in\, hnve decided to ,
1 •ir.K an action against Auditor \V«lls i
to con:;*-! him t<i i-l«n th»!r demands. [
which h«- has held up for two months |
pact, They have retained Knight &
ll« rr-Tty «k their attorneys «nd null will
b» brotixhi in « day <<v two. The only de
in.'»ri(J which the Auditor has signed Is
v: ■<• • t *'. V.. ScPflons. t^e Mntlstlcian of
the board, and the other* have as yet i
l»i-!t u:.;it»!e to asf ertaln why an excep- I
■X\tm \\k* h< en ni;».)«- in hl^ case, a» he
!-'» Hi>i»<iint»-<l -under Judge Hum's
: M Kinnon to Lrcture.
■
I
i/'S ANr.nLF.3, Nov. 17.— <;»n«>rnl Neltl
»on a. Ituea arrived from Han Dlegothis
t'Vonin« fatid wan tendered an informal r««- j
c«'pt)on at the Chamber erf Commerce. No
aajirrhMn wore d'-llvcrod.. General Miles
will hTan Hast to-morrow on a tour of In-
H'Ttini, f r^ n r,oßt»r ,oßt» of Arizona, New
•Mexico ajiil Texas. *
*v»
Jose were quietly married before City
Recorder St. Sure this afternoon. The
wedding took place in the Judge's private
omc« and the ceremony was one of the
shortest on record. The knot was tied
and the Judge had kissed the bride and
Congratulated the happy couple In loss
than a minuter time. Edward Norman
was the only witness
Will B* Found a Home.
! ,i A *>l'AND. Nov. 17.— Annie Brldgman.
the 13-year-old pirl who was arrested In
I Vast Oakland last week by her aunt. Mrs
; fcnerman. for stealing :.O c»-nts. will be
found a home by the Associated Charities.
I Miss Katherlne Felton. superintendent
i of the association, called at the District
Attorney's otllc? this aftemoor, and In
company with Judce Allen visited the ilt
tle girl in the County Jail. She was fa
vorably Impressed with the child, who Is
!Ft ral pht forward. bright and modest
enough, and will at once take steps to s»
cur«- for her a place in sr>me family where
' *ho will ho prcperly eared f<:r. *Thl;- Is
'■ the rißht »t«'P. apparently, tor the little
i Kirl is now Incarcerated with a < bin.
I woman and three younj? women arreft«-d
for vaprancy.
Captain J. T. Fowler Dead.
OAKLAND. Nov. J7.— Captain J. T.
Fowler, father of Professor D. T. Fowler
of the State University, died at the home
of his son on College avenue, near ("are
mom, this morning. Death was expected,
for Captain Fowler hud been falling for
a lonp time. "■ was a native of Novla
Rcotln and was over S7 years old at the
time of nifl death. He came to the I'nited
States wh«-n a very younc man, and after
twenty-five years as a steamboat captain
on the great lakeg and the Mississippi
settled on the property where he died
He has a son. P. L Fowler, in Shasta
County, who was a former Assemblyman
from this county. The funeral will be
held on Sunday.
Were in a Rush to Marry
OAKLAND. Nov. IT.— De Curtln and
Julia English, both of San Francisco.
were married here yesterday afternoon.
The bridt groom, who Is ZC years old,
wanted the ceremony performed at once,
and Justice James Quinn was called to
the County Clerk's private Bice, where
the knot was tied. Mr. Curtin was ex
tremely anxious to avoid paying the fte
of $3 to the Justice, but wits' finally pre
vailed upon to do so by his bride, who
gave her age as 42. They declined to
leave their address.
■ • »
Women as Field Laborers
OAKLAND Nov. 17— B. H. Welch of
Ea*t Oakland, who has J;ist returned
from the Enst. declares that thingn art
very prosperous through Wisconsin. Illi
nois and lowa, where he made extended
visits. Laborers are hard to secure, he
says, ami women have been pressed into
service in the n>ld«. a rare sight In this
country-. Capital is abundant and can be
had at 5 per cent. This means that cap
italists will come farther we*t soon, and
Mr. Welch met tire- m route to Caii-
To Erect a Club Building
of th
■
■
■
: ■ -
CARNEGIE WILL GIVE
HIS TESTIMONY
1 Promises to Appear Before the Indus
trial Commission Investi
gating Trusts.
WASHINGTON*. Nov. 17.-The Indus
trial Commission has received from An
.drew Carnegie a promise to appear f-c fore
the commission In. December and Rive bis
testimony upon the subject of •:.-■- Mr.
Carnegie's testimony will be the lust
taken upon thit- subject preparatory to
the preliminary report upon the subject
which will be made to Congress eurlv in
January. •
Hon. John Wannamaker Is expected to
testify before the commlsyion next week
upon the question of combination stores.
Hmanuel M. Kice. president of the Dis
tilling Company of "America, commonly
designated as the whisky trust, was be
fore the commission to-day. He said thai
his company controlled about ninety per
c^nt of th«< spirits distilled in th« L'nlted
States, but that th«* company had aban
doned the. policy of cutting prices. There
was no lnj.«-nt!on of driving competitors
out of business, the intention being t-» sell
at a fair and sure profit, letting others do
as they might p]fi>e in fixing prices.
MINES ABANDONED.
Alcatraz Company Clores Its Works
at Carpenteria.
8A» - -ed in
commercial circles that the Alcatraz
Coinpai>> has abandoned its operations
near Carpentaria. The buildings and pip
lnc near the Los Conchas asphnltum and
oil iiiine* are being taken out. All of the
stored product has b*en shipped from that
point. .Nothing is now stored there.
Information is aiso to the effect that
work at the La Puteru mines has been
discontinued and all the material and
products hsive been shipped. The force
has been moyod lo the S:squoc mine» on
the oiher tide of the mountains. There
the comp.-tiiy will concentrate ali its. ener
gies in working ihc mines. It is under
stood that the quantity there is unlimited
and of the ver> best quality.
The causes given for the abandonment
of Jhe l«as Conchas and La Patera mines
is !hat the expense of mining is becoming
too great- to be protltabie. and also
that they. wish t<. put all th< ir energy at
Sisuuoc, where the quantity of oil is end
less.
HEAVY LOSS OF STOCK.
Many Animals Perish During the
Snowstorm in the Mountains.
MILTON. Nov. 17.— Assemblyman Wood
of. this county, whose summer home is in
the high Sierras :in<] whose place Is the
headquarter! for stockmen who run their
flocks in the mountains .luring the sum
mer F^aFon. is Just down from the moun
tains and confirms the rum->r of a seriou*
loss of -stock caused by the early and
heavy fall of snow."
Mr. Blood says the heavy rains and
warm weather prevailing for the last ten
days have lessened the loss to some ex
tent", Lqt it will be severe at best. Mr
Uh>od and family were caught in the
storm, and |t took live days of hard work
with a force of ten-men working at both
ends to liberate himself and family.
Died in Jail.
MAP Nov. 17.— John Kelly, aged 78
year?, a native of Ireland, was found dead
In ihejall at St. Helena this morning
Kelly was locked up last night on a
charge of drunkenness, and had an ugly
cut on the Fjde of Ills head when arrested.
Coroner Ky*er held an Inquest and the
Jury returned a verdict that death wj.s
caused by the wound on the head. Th<
?t.- Helena oJticors at first suspected foul
play, bat after working on the case for
several hours learned that Kelly had been
on a Fpref.
Bryan Plans Campaign.
'■H! a! t.. the
v J. l:r\ •
flfoi ta larg< ■. • x. v-
h he wi. some
■
Richmond. Mr.
■
return to N> '
lir«: of I).
will Mart 1
Sh.imrock Ncnring Home.
CJfJUWOW, Nov. 17. Sir Thoßiaa Up*
which i.-ft
Ni\• ml ■ ;-'i ted to
•
• on Smidav. Sli.
h • raohl will
■
Loftus to Succeed Burns. »
CHICAGO, Nov. 17.— The Times-Herald
pays: Tom Loftus, owner of the Grand
Rapids franchise In the American League,
Is plated to succeed Tom Bui i as man
ager of the Chicago National league
JJaseball Club.
— - - * r - .^a^a—
TITE SAN FRAyCIPCO CALL. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1899.
EXCELLENT WORK OF THE
ARMY TRANSPORT SERVICE
TT~*EW people have any conception of the work performed by the army
M transport service at this port since the war in the Philippines broke out.
I The task has been an herculean one. but nevertheless it has been per
formed with promptness and dispatch and at no time has the dispatch of
troops bff-n delayed through the transport not being ready.
The lirst transports left here on May 25, ISf-S. They were the Australia,
City of Poking (carrying the California boys) and th. city ■•! Sydney. Since
that time the different vessels of the Beet have left Ban Francisco 116 times
and have carried over 100,000 soldiers, besides 2.70.000 tonu of freight and
over 3000 horses and mules. Of course tho soldiers who came home from
Manila and their baggage are Included in the freight and number of men
carrini, but they all had to be bandied by the oflicers of the transport serv
ice All this mass of business has been carried to a successful issue In eight
een months; and many a weary night have the men at the head of the
service had to work in order to accom plish it.
The men who come most in contact with the public at the transport
wharf are Captains Batchelder. Uarn<-.«on and Matthews. They are all cour
teous and able gentlemen, and to them in a great measure is <Jue the buc
ctss achieved by the transport service. Everything of course is done under
the supervision of Colonel Long, and the colonel is blessed with able assist
ants. Messrs. Humphries and Lyman have done yeomnn's service during the
past lx mom and It li safe to say that neither of them wants a repeti
tion of the experience.
JUROR SUDDENLY
TAKEN VERY SICK
Unexpected Interruption in the Trial
of Roland B. Molineux, Charged
With Murder.
NEW YORK. Nov. The trial of Ro
land B. Molineux was interrupted this
afternoon by the sudden illness of one of
the jurors. Daniel Fraad. He was assisted
from the court, and physicians found that
he was ■:• ring from acute indigestion.
Recorder Onff declared Mr. Fraad's seat
in the Jury box vacant.
Two mi. jurors were accepted this
morning, and they took their places in
the Jury box. After examining twelve
talesmen the thirteenth. Daniel Fraad.
manager of a window cleaning company,
was accepted as the third juror. His 11
ness followed and he was excused. A few
moments after Mr. Fraad's selection the
fourth juror was accepted. He la Herbert
Gordon Thomson; an iron manufacturer.
His father was one' of the medical experts
at the trial of Dr. Buchanan. The next
Juror accepted was Abram Altmeyer, a
retired real estate dealer. This in the
fourth day of Molln. mix's trial, and thus
far more than 100 talesmen have been ex
amined. Th- not results of to-day's trial,
therefore, is the selection of two Jurors,
making four in all.
WITH THE HORSES.
Charles F. Bates Breaks a "World's
Record for Quick Changing.
Nt:w YORK, N ■•■• it Another crowd
ed house marked the last night but <>n
of tht- horse show. The show waa sad
dened ■ liour by the newi of the
death of Colonel Lawrence Kip, who baa
fur ma one of the oA< ■
the -association of t li»- withHsl
these event*
When the claaa of ■talllonc, mare
geldings, bred for road purposes, <-;<m"
on b! er noon to-day, in .
Colonel Lawrence Kip bad three • ntrlo-v
d t»:.nt ;i!l til.- emri.
been withdrawn, h<- Ir-Ihr nt tho point
of deal
The afternoon was enlivened by the
contest of fours-ln-hand. This involved
a change of hordes in the ring.
Charles F. Bates rained the blue rib
bon, Albert C. Host wick the red and
George P. Gilman's team was given third
prize.
Directly after this came the contest
between Hates and John S. Bratton of
St. Louis in quick changing of teams on
the road. Bates broke the world's rec
ord for quick changing, taking only forty
two seconds ol'icial time from the stop
ping of the coach to the time of starting
again with the fresh team hitched up and
on the go.
CENTENARIAN DIES.
Passing of Mrs. Elniira P. Wiight at
Edenvale.
S\.V JOBB, Kov. 17. Mrs. Klniira P.
Wright, wh'i •.»:!- over 100 yean '>f age,
died at Bdenvale, seven miles north of
here, this morning »' MB o'clock. She
t. 17M, in tho State
«.f Vermont. Her mal<lon uann- w.t> Pel
Mrs. Wright had been ma
thirty-four y*>ars. Inn ha-l no children
Her husband died in U64 Mrs. Wrtßht
' . v the oldeni woman in the
county, and the irould have i>i-»mi 10] y.-,ir~
nber -l next.
W riplii liiiii.- h»r ti.inie with the
family of Mr*. Hayea ''hyuoweth. «rho
became acauainted wiih her Borne twenty
■go in Wisconsin. praa a
■ I retained all her f;ir;.'l-
Bea up to the last few days. She was
only f"ur feet <'iKht inches tali and al
,.r> delicate. Mrs. Wright was al
opposed to physical exen be, but <iid
considerable sewing and knitting. Sh*
would never wear s Rarm.-nt that had
been made on a sewing machine.
SYNDICATE FORMED TO
BUY TIMBER LANDS
Property Lies Mainly in Humboldt
County and Is Valued at Sev
eral Millions.
TACOMA, Nov. n.— Before leaving here
Weyerbauser, thi Mil •
lumber Idng, toi.i friends that he was in-
Mdicate which has an op
tion on the lmik of the redwood timber
retber with twenty-four mills
and I I of railroad In Humboidt
County, California. The property In
on is owned by a numln-r of large
firms and companies, Including diaries
Kaj A Co.. Union Lumber
my M.d the Albion Lumber Com
pany. Thesi owners gave an option on
it last -uiMi*.-'- which expired November
i". This option v : will n >w
until n«-xt May. Th»- ;,ur
ntrol the redwood lumber
industry and advance prices. Thi
Involves property worth between $16,000
000 and 80.ft00.000.
It Is stated here to-day that the timber
land which the Weyerhauser syndicate
• nil:, from the Northern i'a
ciflc Railway consists chiefly of ■ tract
at". ut forty mil's square In Lewis, •'!.>•
h.tli> ft nil Pacific counties. It tins t,. .mi
reported as embracing all railroad lands
!n the State.
BLAZING PATRIA IS
ABANDONED AT SEA
All of the Mail That Was on Board
of the Luckless Vessel Is
Lost.
HAMBURG, Nov. 11 -The officials n f
the Hamburg-American lin<- have received
it dispatch from Cuxhaven announcing
thai the company's steamer Athesla, tt >m
Philadelphia for Hamburg, arrived there
at i o'clock thi* afternoon with the crew
Hamburg-American Hn.- steamer
Patrla, which caught Bre off Dover. Rna>
tVednesday, while, on her way from
New York i"-.r this port. The dispatch
■aid thai th.- Patrla had i ; , aban
1 in tin- North &a, • n\. !...., ,] [ a
names and thai there were no hopes of
savliie i).-
LONDON. Nov. 17.-A Lloyds dispatch
from sfaaitlnls. Holland, ten miles w< t
of Rotterdam, jays i: is reported there
the ('■•! ria ndoned on
Ore yesterday at l p. m.. nine miles n , th- r
west .if North Hinder lightship. No us
■ ■<■ was with h<-i-.
The mull matter which the Patrla was
oarrylng is lost
Certificates Granted.
WILLOWB, Nov. 17. At its regular
senii-ai.nuil meeting the Glenn County
Hoard of Education granted certlflcatea to
the followlns persona: On credentlala, u>
Miss Texiaii Tyler Kurtz, a high school '
to the Ifisaea Lottie Whitford and Bdna
Purkett. grammar grades to Mrs. J. k
Williams ami Mrs Nina Willard. primary
rrades; on examination, to Miss Elvlna
\Vliliams, a primary grade.
Colonel Davis 111.
CHICAGO. Nov. 17.— Colonel George R.
Davis, v .IK- was director general of the
World's Fair. Is lyinp critically 111 at his
home In this city. Colonel Davis is suf
fering from heart disease with complica
tions and grave doubts are expressed as
to his recovery. •
- ■ ♦
Bonds Sold the Government.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 17.— The bonds
offered to the Government to-day at the
sub-treasuries under Secretary Gage's or
fer amounted to $2,341,350, as follows-
New" York.' $1,859,150; Philadelphia' $ns -
000; Cincinnati, $4000; Baltimore, $200. '
BROWN MUST CEASE
HIS PECULIARITIES
OAKLAND, Nov. 17.— Edgrar D.
Brown, whose bride of one month haled
him before the Lunacy Commissioners
last week to be examined for insanity
because he misrepresented his matters
financially at the time he married her. is
really incompetent to manage his affairs,
and If he Is Irresponsible when making
worthless checks and borrowing: money
without reason or Idea of when he can
pay back, he had better have a care for
his future transactions.
The petition of Mrs. Linda B. Er.gar for
letters of guardianship over Mr. Brown,
who its her brother, came up before Judge
Hall again to-day for further luailrr.
and Dr. Webster, the family physician,
took the stand tr» plve expert t * 'V t i "pv
on the question of Brown's Incompetent
The doctor related many peculiarities ne
had noted In Brown, also that Brown's
mental condition had been brought about
years ago, when he was kicked by a
horse, and a month ago, when he injured
oil spine.
Judge Hall, however, was far from sat
lsfled with the testimony, and denied '.he
sister's petition, moreover admonishing
Brown to cease his Irresponsible flnanc'al
transactions, advising that should he con
tinue his peculiar course* he would be
promptly brought before the bar if a
criminal court. Th.- court also advised
Brown's relatives tfc cease making <ood
his shortcomings by coming to his relief
financially.
Claims Title to a Narrow Strip.
OAKLAND, Nov. 17— William Cha.
mer's. one of the defendants in the suit
c mmenced by JuMk»» John Kllsworth. as
executor of the estate of Maria C
.••d an answer, in which fa
title to a strin of land one foot wid< and
forty-two ana a half feet loriK it being
part fif a lot claimed by Mr-^. Si!\a.
Chalmers says i><- has owned the land
!mt, iw. it was presumably
a tax sale.
WILL HELIOGRAPH
TO THE CAPITAL CITY
Second and Third Brigrade Signal
Corps to Attempt to Make a
Long-Distance Record.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 17.— The Third
Brigade f.ignal Corps of this city. Lieu
tenant E. H. Harvey in command, will
co-operate with the command of Captain
C. L. Hewes of the Second Brigade's
corps, Baa Francisco, in the exchange
of slcnals between the metropolis and
Sacrameno on Sunday next. It is the in
tention to carry on If possible a series
of hellographlc messages between Tele
graph Hill, San Francisco, and Mount
Diablo .•.:■. i between the latter point and
the State capital at Sacramento. If ac
complished It will be about the longest
distance recorded in signaling In :nla
State and military men here are awaiting
the event with Interest.'
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Postofflce Established, Army Orders
and Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— A ;. -stofflce
was to-day established at Cameron, Kern
County, and Joseph Stamford was ap
pointed Postmaster.
James H. <>'Ltary of .^' I hn I».
Stevenson of Los Angeles and W. H
Thompson ol San Francisco nave been
■.- --i"-,i;il laborers at the Union
Iron Works f>> tJi»' Kavj Department
Army orders- By direction
retary of War. Acting Assistant Sura
Perclval S. Roslter will proceed from
New Y'>rk City %•> San Francisco and re
p< rt to the commaniHriß gfiif-ral of the
Department of California.
Recruits John ltlrmlngham. Louis i I . >fT
man an>l irwin W. Barnes. Forty-sixth
Infantry. Presidio, S;tn Francisco, will be
discharged fr«»m the s»rvi< c of the fnlted
B
Captain Knnk B McCoy of thr Tlilrd
Infantry will proceed !■> San Francisco
Acting Assistant Burgeon Frederick HL
Bparrenberger will proceed from Now
V..rk to Snu Francii
l'r!vat«»p Wilfr.-<i »;ilt>f>rt. J. hn Kitchen,
Frank J. M.-< ;i:ik*>n. John Bands, Henrj
M Bwaln and Harry Rit;.-r. Forty-sixth
try, Presid o, Sin Francisco, will b.
,■*..! without h>.n <r from the. ser
vice of tho rnit'-'i Btatea.
Pensions— California: Original. George
t;. chaloner, Copperopolls, $i n .
Washington: <»rliclnal. Jacob W. Brier,
N. a Whutcom. »; addition, Theodore
t'entralla. J»i to $12.
TEACHERS ADJOURN.
Professor Jordan Lectures on "The
Man With the Hoe."
PLACER V IIXBi Nor. 17.— The El Dor
ad.) County Tauten' Institute, which has
been in s.sslon In this city for th
week, atijourned to-day. Every district
in the county was represented at tht; ln
utitute. The teachers declare that v was
the most instructive and jntere.-ti: ~
si. .11 ever held in the county.
La.-t night iii«- seating capacity of the
First Presbyterian Church was ta\.i to
accommodate th<- lane audience thai as
sembled to listen to Professor David
Joruan who lectured up«>u "The Stan
With th»- H->.-." This was the first visit
.jf ih.- eminent educator t<> this city. The
large audience was .1. lighted witn the lec
ture and manifested Its pleasure by fro
quent and enthusiastic applause.
I'rofessor Charles Kdwin Markham. lha
author of th.- famous poem, was fo* years
r of the public MhOOl at in
hist, iic old town of Coloma, in this coun
ty and was f.>r richt y.ars BupenntePd
en't of School* in this county and was a
r. Bid) M of this city. A host "I II
hen- have watched his literary career
with admiration and pleasure.
Profea* r Jordan dues noi entirely
with the poet as to the ■- .>• s that hay
produced the m-m pictured by Millet, but
attributes t.« th.- reign ol t< m r
and the Napoleonic wan the present de
generacy of th<- French, peasant
UNKNOWN SUICIDE.
Body of a Man Found on Mayor
Phelftn's Premises. •
SANTA CKUZ, Nov. O.— James Me-
Cart while looking after stray & .
Phelan Park, found the body of an un
known suicide. The man had apparently
■ lead three OT four months, as the
body was badly decomposed.
He was about sis feel high and weighed
about 116 pounds. On thethW foprpf
the Left hand was a gold band nnK with
the Initials "H to X engraved in it. He
wore a dark b.ue worsted suit of good
material. Lylnp across the body ' m
revolver from which the man had Bred
the shot wln>h ended his life. Coroner
Morgan has taken charge of the remains.
Used a Knife.
REDDING. Nov. 17.— A. L. Bsissett, who
says he Is a detective, seriously cut
Thomas Shay about the face with ■
pocket knife this morning. The parties
concerned had been drinking and a wit
ness of the affray says that when Shay
asked Bassett for the return of some
money he had* loaned Bassett the latter
attacked him with a knife. Shay will re
cover. : ' v
Destroyed by a Whirlwind. ,
SANTA EtOSA, NOV. 17.— Word was re
ceived hero to-day <>f n whirlwind which
last night did considerable damage t.. the
Weske place. The bIK l>arn and ftiulng
were demolishetl. The loss Is consider
able.
Clayton Convicted.
LOS ANGELES, NOV. 17— J. J. Clayton,
who has been on trial on it charge of at
tempting to kill Attorney Earl Rogers,
was found guilty of assault to murder
this afternoon.
Tea Poisoning.
Victim* of tea poisoning are becoming alarm-
ingly prevalent. Women demand the life and
variety of Health, and Instead of doing it
naturally by building up their systems they
resort to tea. They should take Hosteller's
Stomach Bitters Instead. By strengthening th»
digestive organs this brings beauty and good
spirits. It tones .up the nerves, drives away
the blues, regulates the bowels and cures all
forms of dyspepsia. All druggists sell H.
~f J y lj >\>i *\>l L^l t-j l^
LADY CYCLIST
NEARLY KILLED
IN FAR KOREA
Accident to a San
Rafael Belle.
Oakland Qtllce San Francisco Pall.
90S Broadway, Nov. IT.
Rev. Samuel Austin Itofßtt writes from
Ryeng Yang. Korea, to friends In this
city of a very serious and painful acci
dent that recently befell Mrs. Moffltt.
formerly .Miss Alice Fish of San Rafael.
Her many friends on both sides of the
bay will read the news with regret.
While out bicycling riding .Mrs. Moffit
fell from her wheel, breaking her left leg
In two places. This In Itself was bad
enough, but the fact that the fractured
member was badly set when Mrs. Motlltt
hail been removed to her home compli
cated matter.* greatly. Herself a physi
cian, she realized that there was but one
thing to be done, namely, to have th
leg broken and reset.
This was done, after come delay, and
Airs. Mollltt. already very weak from
pain and confinement to her bed. became
dangerously 111. It was thought that she
had better be brought home to her friends
and relatives, hut a change for the bet
ter rendered this unnecessary. She Is
now on the road to recovery.
Mrs Moffltl Is a graduate, Of Cooper
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY."
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&L~^&^>
Very small u4 a* o**7
to take as sugiur.
SEE f^ADTTrfO FOR HE ADACHL CCD
3LE CAriTtRS FOR dizziness. 5tC
rcMtiiMD Kittle for biuoushess. rC M n
GENUINE IHIVER for torpid liver. GENUINE
m PILLS FOn COMSTIPATIOn.
WRAPPFR M ci " for SALLOW ski«. WRAPPFR
»KArfLK I^BBBO I FOR THE COMPLEXIOH " KArrtK
"PRINTED OIST K.E3D PAPER.'
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Firry, l"o .t of Market tit.
**&&* £?£? < ? sco ~™ SAN * RAFAEL.
t, i; • *30 p - m - Thursdays trip
2nd 111 in' m Baturda > - trip* at I:s*
yHSP^TS-***''- 9:SO - 11:C0 *- m - : 1:S0> *■*
6:W. «:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
.E. E ? K . DATS - €:l °- 7:50. 9:2 °- 11:10 a. m.: IJ:4S,
3:40. 1:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
I:s} and 8 Si p. m.
ByXDAVS-8:10. »:40. 11:10 a. m. : 1:40. 1:40. 6:05,
• M d. m.
Between San Ftunclscj and Bchuetien Par*
•ante schedule asVWwv*.
I>ave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— j October 15.
Week [ Sun- 1539. Ban- I Week
Day*. j day*. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am 00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 ana
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluir.a. ; 6:05 pm 10:25 am
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa I! M 7:25 pm 6:22 pa
Fulton.
t:SO am Windsor. 10:8! v
Healdsl .r».
Lyttr.n.
G«jserv!lle.
AtO pm 8:00 am Cloverdal*. 7:35 pm 6:12 pea
T JO am Hopland and
1:00 am Uklah. 7:25 pm 1 6:22 pm
T.IO am 10:25 am
f 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:23 pra
I:S0 am' 8:00 am Si noma 19:40 am 1:40 am
I and
1:10 pm 500 pm Glen Ellen. <:0S pm 6:22 pm
T:tO am! 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:23 ra
|:S0 pm| 5:00 pm ! 7 •.; pm[ 6:22 pm
Statrea connect at Santa Rnsa f r Mark West
Spring* and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Oeyservlll« for Skv.sjrs
Eprlnits: at Clcverdale for the Geysers: at 11 .-
land for Duncan Sprlngß. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Sprlnsa, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Ulo« Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley. Joon l>> ■>•'». Rlven«!de. Lierlty'*,
Bucknell's. Banhedrtn Height*. Hullvllle, Orr*s
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Ura«K.
Westi>ort. i"sal. Wlllltts. Laytr>nvllle, Cum-
minx's, Hell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer,
Bcctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r*-
auced rates.
On Sunday round ttit> tickets to all points)
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at . Chronicle, bldg.
fL C. WHITINO. R. X. RTAN.
General Manacer Gen. Pass. Agent.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
The fastest train, running over the best rail-
road. with the highest rl.im accommodations.
Connecting train leaves San Francisco at
S:CO p. m.
MONDAY. WEDHESDAT. FRIDAY. BATUiIDAY.
Arriving In Chlrafro at 3.15 p. m.
FRIDAY, BONDAY. TUSSiUY. WEDNESDAY.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Palace and
Upholstered Tourist Cam leave Oakland Mole
for Denver, Kansas City. Chicago and the East
11:30 p. m - ;: ,
VALLEY road
Between Stockton. Fresno. Hnnfi>rd. Vlnalla.
Tulare and DakeraflvlJ. furnishes cood local
train service.
San Francisco office. 628 Market *t.. telephone
Main IS3I.
Oakland office. 1119 Broadway.
Sacramento office, Ml J street.
Pan Jose office. 7 West Santa Clara street.
X"~"*V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
#fcarfft? J :?.i¥f i:ABSrY HT ' K«»b»*h^
flTi rifl '," IMI '"' «"«tnientof Private
■iLJH I'l-eitS'-s, Li.it M.inh... ,i [i.-blllLr or
■HmOivwi-wi'ariiiK'ir, ymid riling id
VT"T*X*S l>i*Has»-)L lhedocto.-cures*»n^ii
«^>*»Mffi2 ' >tllt * rjlUll - rry him Charge* low
pSuS££S3£ < ur«-«Kiiuruiilrcil. Callorwrllo.
Ur. J, t\ uIBBQJI, isox 1937. Uan fr-ncbto
([ OP THE }
College San Francisco. She had b*cn
before that a student at Santa Rosa Col
lege, where she took a degree. After re
ceiving her medical diploma she went to
Korea as a medical missionary, planning
to remain ten ream There she met Mr
Motntt and they were married at Seoul
In June last. She is a daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Charles A. Fish of San Rafael.
Death of W. B. Ludlow.
LAND, Nov. 17.— W. B. I.udlow. for
a generation the masfr car-repairer ..f
the Southern Pacific Company, died to
night after a long Illness. Two weeks
ago his sickness was declared to be nec
essarily fatal, and his end has been- ex
pected dally. About a year ago Mr. Lurt
low was deposed from his life-time posi
tion, and he took It very much to heart.
Mr. Ludlow was famous as a grower or
rare plants. He was an ardent Repub
lican. _
After a T.ong Parting,
OAKLAND. Nov. 17.— Two brothers,
Henry Philip Smith of Kevelstake. British
Columbia, and Nate Smith, who recently
arrived from the Kast. met last evening
at the Vendome Hotel after a separation
of nearly forty years. Neither recognized
the other. One was a boy of six and th«*
other of 10 years when the death of their
parents separated them.
. ♦ .
Unfortunate Girl Sent to Agnews.
(lAKI.AN'P. Nov. 17.— Miss Amy Hattle
Hill was taken to Agnews Asylum to-day,
having been committed by Judge Ogden.
She gave before leaving the uduresaes of
friends In Emporla, Kail County. Nebr,
They will be apprised of her condition.
She labors under a delusion that she must
kill for money In order to m ik- a living.
■■ ♦ «
Wheeler r.t Santa Cruz.
lent B^nla
mln I :■ r of th
■
' niz. W'l
•ire the E
\ -<<)<larliin.
I RAILROAD TRAVEL.
' •.«•! ihi i:* t*A«;it'ic-conrA2fT.
. iPirlln «Y«TEM.)
I Train* !<••«««■ ■»■..« i\ri> ••nt> la arrive at
sin ritANtrsiM'o.
(Main Una, Foot of IteM -itr-et.l
. lt.'\w. - hum NoVEKBSIt 1". 1333. — a*»i»b
■7 sM t I'- nida. Suisnu and Sacramento *7tl3p
I •::«<»» MarrsTille. Oroilllo tJa WcoiUod.
mifcira. VacaTUlca:i.inttirii»T.... »7«13r
; *?sO<m BhuU I.'tjrf .•»-I»;t!a Willow*.
Ke.l Bluff. P«.rtUr«l . *7:4 if
I •: t.. Martinez. .">aiilUnioD.VnlleJo. N»r».
i'ili«t. :i»ii.lsati'i ICosa *e:l.tr
; •«.:3'< Tl»« OTcrhn<ll4 iJted-Ogden. lvn-
ver. O:uaha> Chleagt *3il3p
I '"naOA San Jti*e, Lltermore, Htoelitflii, "•
I :.'•. Hacrameot'V I'll. 1 I .I*.
M..>.«»i.!-. thic. l>,|i;!,:lT MiMr
I •H::ki« 'Miltoo. Okltdalcari'l ronora *lil<lr
•t>:i>» HarwarJd. ><iUsca<l Way hUUocs. •11:13*
Vmiiii, Alts r.zprru— Ogden and V.xt'. ■U:t3 A
•I'iimi* Marri i. li. . Ijittirup. Htoctton,
Mrrc-.Un<l Fresco »ia:l3/
' •h.ihi, port 1 ij»:». Fresno. Mo]a*« »-.. 1I a*
A n^.-i. <i *o>l3p
•IO:OU« Tall .. Martinez ami WayKUtlona *C:l3r
( •lI:UV\ Haywards. Nileaan<l Waj ntit .i i. "■!: l"»r
•I'JiOiiM I,'ilts, l.tri-r.-iiorr. Stockton, Maeia-
m titi. MeudoU. lUnf.nl. VUalla,
I'trtenlllo •li%r
fl:OOp RseranieDki IMter Hfe-imrrs H:««P
•:«:««,- Hay wards NiUs and Way Ktatlrn*. •>:»:>*
•4too Muttiut*. huu lUnio-i. Valicjo.
Nap*. t'allnt»Ka. -.«nt« Knm. . *Utl3*
•4i««i OcnicU. Vaeaflllc. HatnnißiilMt
Wi.-i.llnn.l, Ki'U.n 1.i,.!ii,». .
M ny <it lll. . <h.»tlil^. •• 0: 13*
•l.:i'»r- Nile*. Han .1..— ..i..ir.'..<-lir"i. »7il3*
•."»:«•»»- Ti... Owl Llnlted— Trary. Fresno.
lUkenUehl. Kau,-u.i (. r M.UUar-
lur*. lx>* A»..:> ii , . ♦«•:!»»
•.fiSOp Stockton, Mcrc-l, lrrrno -hi:,
#^::tUI ri.-tni.. liakenl.rl-l. Hatila lUil.ara.
1.-« An« • ■ iK-tniiig, El l\i*>.
New Or! i:.-i hi. I Tstt •^■•Sa
••. Mil s ,i,t 1 Fn ltonlo— AtUntla Eiprnn
for M ..>•• bi..l Kast *«j«3p
•OtUOr 1J tyn.tnU Nilmanil Hjh .!.«« •?.!%»
t«::n»i- Vultoju ■••*!■•
•»i3«»i Oriental Mall— Ojden au.l tact..  *•>»•*
I7:.»«i- V»!i . J... I. rt ■ • ■•.• and W»r Hta-
Uuna :»:3.tp
••» Mr or. »;..ip and Calif r » lUi>rr«*.sao-
i.uii.-nli.. Mmjjuiil... ■:<-- 1.) intr.
r«.ttlnn.l. Pug 5....1..1 ai»l I q.t '«;l»4
COAST i»himo\ n.ii.h J.uiu-r).
iFiHtrt MarkßfMttata.!
•i«:I»a Neitark.(>iitiiilll(CHAuJu*e.F>lt<:D,
It<)ii!t!rrCr. ek,MuittaCiuzaii<l V. .7
.S,iti--i *.I|3**>
t«ti»p Newark »:enltf»l!lr. hm .Ii s». N.w
Almadatt, Ft !•■ 11. l.iii !"iii il.
Hani4 Cnu an ■! l'ilu<i;2l V.ay
B'atloim »l«;-n»4
"•:i.%i- rfr*) ri Man Jn«o. ijcmV.uoa. ♦Bj^Oa
li liUr Hiin'm' i i ■-«■■. tfcui Juao •t-«l
Way SUi ... ;?.aop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Tnai SIN »iIIUCLiO-r.«i *t Barfctl Slrnl <&'.»»—
•7.15 300 ii mm ■. |i:: «2;33 jj :a
•» :: I!:!: *6::3.V1.
1 fMmOiiuriD— ifliMtii.- •(■ 00 « i'O IOOOtM.
tI2:C3 "1:53 t353 '3.C3 f=3 -IHr.w.
(OAST IX VISION (Itrnad (. .•,«-..
" (lhlrilai.il lo^n-'eml B tt. )
t«ilo\«>co*ii Vlnw. Hmith .I*n krtuii-m.. •• .Utr
•"•<►«»« -. . Jtiaa m.tl W.y ::•■>,., \Ktw
Almwlni Weilne<.Uyimi!j) •i:a*>r
•UiOO»h«u Jo**, Tiii riiiiw. h»uu<'rux.
I'arliie <:■»<». r«» . 1:. ;■:.■ 1. ,s»n
Lid* l»i.i»|.<>. Hlll l. I ,^i'.c ami
r>incl|»>l W«y SUUom -liir
•l»:««». Han Jimennl Way 1......... # i;:M»
•ll::t»« H>uJ.«e. Way Xtattan* •."n.lup
t«t43i Hat, AUttn I'" ■••••.!. Mcclo iSuk,
Pali Alto. Hanli«:iara. f-.n .1. ■<;
Trea i'lno*. s.i.m 11m, Ballnaa,
Mk'ilMi'J mil r«r:'i • f.f.ii- •io-rt<i 4
*3:3apBan Jusnautl Way HtotluM *7sU»p
♦ l*l3i>SaiiJkMieaifl I'rli t!f*l \7;iyHtat!oi>* •»:I3»
| ts:o«p H»nJo«oar.d I'rlnclral Way Rutioua '9:00*
*"»:!" «an.T.«ea -I TrlariiaMVay .4 'M:33«.
•«:::«»i- Hat, Ji<*gai»l Way 8 at ions t*iOC»A
6ii I. S.iu Josh m-.il Way Station*!.;.;.... '-. lor
A for Mi.miii 1* for Afternoon
•Daily Hf»4tf«iiiHi | huuday ocly.
>> Satuntay rm'y.
UORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via ■——»»*> Perry.
Commencing October 1. lsts.
FROM SAN FItAXCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND FAN JIAFAEU "
WEEK DAYS-» 7:00. »i:U. n:n :0 0 a. m • •!••».
•J:4P. r.iv ( no, « 30 p. m.- •
EXTItA TJIIPS-For Mill "alley and San fU-
j f.iel. on Monday*. We.me-■ !»•>• and Baturdava.
i at »:0o an.l 11:30 p. m. • " lurua *"»
6UNPATH-»8:00. •10:00. •11:30 a. m • • •!•«
1:15. U:U. «:». 9:00 p. m. *.
Trains markt^l «•) run to- San Uijentln
FHOM SAN KAFAEL TO SAN* FRANCISCO
WEEK DATi *«:&. 7:« l »J:4O , In .
i »12:J0. 2:15. «JM.\ '5:1:. p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays and
( Satur ' at t.i* and 10:lS p. m.
I Si;NDAYS-«:30. '*:W, *Ib:CQ» '11:45 a m.-
' »l:40. »3:13. 4:45. »J:33 p. m. *
• Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln '
! FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FltANClaro
WEEK DATB-6:C. C:4i. ::: :t 3. »:« i )£',
12:K, 2:25. 3:45. 5:20 p. m. »• m-l
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays and
Saturday* at 7:00 and 10:20 p. in. ■
SUNDAYS-l:06. 10:05 a. m. li:06. 2:15. Ija,
THROUGH TRAINS.
»:00a. m. week days—^?acadera and way utatl i-»
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomale* and *y stations!
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomalea and way si»tl.,aa»
MOUNT TAAI.I'Ah »€BMK RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausaltto Ferry.
Week Days— 9:3o a. m. and 1:41 p. m
Sundays— 8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1.1.. p. m
Steam-heated, clos«d far on all trains.
Fare— Ban r% hM to Summit and Iletura.
11»A!< TRANCISCO Oilik
nCSINESS OFFICE of the Pan FVanolaco
CaiL corner. of ISntVet and Third .• -eeta. open
Bfitn 1: aclock exWy night in the year
fOtAXCfi omCtS-OI Mantgomerr street,
corr.er Claj : iTn until t:*" 1 a. m.
frr Hajr» f«re#T; cjwn until *:W p. m.
«T.i ateAUtattr Mreet; op«n until »:» P- «a. ,
»::. l«rkln Mr*iM:-or«i until • »t> p. tn.
INI Miwlim street: open until 10 p. m.
C(1 Mnrkrt Mreet. ounjer Sixteenth;, ©pen
afrrtfl I v- vx.
tOt CJ#T«th str-eet; oj<en urrtll •> p ra
jiW Valeada street: <-*•.«■»* v: tU • p. m.
N.rt!>w.»t comer of Tw*ntr^mecanA.mafi Ken-
tu.Vx 'i»a until « p. m.
f
iHI li« 14 »I-K\ 1« I > -^
isVEXTH 1 bitrV a&tmuS a.ut^C- f »« * : * t }^7 \
tur.a *t ».etwei-n M.-AllUlr* aiiJ Gate ;
aye Li.l.r J. O «.\ r!K< |«a»U-r--»*rvK-»«s :
Bxbbath 6aM>a.th -w^f«*' frti^r*
nrcftchizx at 11 j'oi.vk/ Mr. k M. L'lleory. ;
•»•>. baa v«-rn oonarctc^ *r.h that w^rk-from ■
the beit'.u:.::.*. Tv::; »r«-ak Sunday ■AfS**"
f. •*> i.:.v". la the eviiiin* *t . •■'■ *» " n "
}-r«».-a«-e. JPtsaODMXtVt an.l >Ur:st»t of tie
H.iir Hiiril." Tt«e wrnifxs win be con- .
U:;ued at the iuur».hoi»r • art<-rt:^«. anfl ;
•v<-t.l:« ur.lil W,vi:efclay. \ ccnllal- nvita- 1
Uoa to be prr.-*::t evU-.-.JeJ U> aieK-.bers o. ,
t».o W. C. 7. f. tail.' a:', others. >ejt> free. •
Mi:i:riN«i Noviir.s. "
CALIFORNIA Cl.c; ter Nc. i. 'ii- ;V. V^.- SL
Kill meet" lli\> IaATUHDAY) lA^'^S\m 1
INO. N«\«r..Ur :\ m T.*- 1 ocl.vk. I . faj\ !
y. *.uC 3X. I~ M. <»e»cr«». . . By order/ y 1
FRANKLIN U. DAY. Secrttary.
iHRSIOX IAi»j»"No7TcS. F.. and A. M-- ■
CnlU-d n»«rU.-« THIS (SATLaiDAY) .^V-
BVENIXO. *i "^ »*«*»<*. Third Tt3f
I^Kr^r. 3ec /^T >
SCOTTISH rp*"ling»- jjnder the » u »- ; -a V? **
plce» of CUu rr**^-. Order ef Scot- 5\ OjtV
Ukh CU». »U be girrti.by MISS' VO^p-
KATHAIiINi: E. OLIVER srom
•■ytst l^n» v" Lo*nc'(". anJ ••Drmutocaty
FUk"; vit.lUi i«>.u. Hism CJltinea; »o4ol(la.
R. S. J'tuai-an. Mrs. E. TVus} : at the-T. H. .
C a HiJU o-ni"^ Mj<awa a».d E'.lls ■ sts.. on j
FATI'TUaAY EVENING, No»e3il*r tf, »t » !
v oiock. Adm-j^i-ii. 2.V-: rofcervej seam. Mo. i
on «Uc ai iiall -Friday msC iiaAmvUj. I
JLNVUAL XIK-tiM:— U'ccular annual meeting .of j
U:e stocJkiiL.i<l«rs o.' the llHa»ii'-*«l l Ha»ii'-*« Kucar I'lan- |
Vfctivn Oosuany will be beU at the oJfi^e i
v: ihe cjmp^ny. S2: MaiVt-t st.. In, the city
at.3 oeosty <H Saa Fnui«--:soo, on- SATL'R-
1 ■ O. \b« 21 4ay vf l>c«ceniber. IS9*. ax the
hour of 11 o'ekx-k a. ta., -for \tM purpose of
«-le>tli;g v l>.«xd of Jlrectuni to »Jrc<" :or the '
rumi'-r. :«-i" aa«J tftc. •..-•:•-■.■ - ■:.• 11 of such ;
c:! er l>'j.--.:!f?». «> may eonve before tlie meet- j
In*. Tiautffcr b-»kJ will : close on Wedn'ea- j
<Suy, NoMiJiU-r 'JT. IVSi". at. J o>JtJck''p. m.
E. 11. EHmvpOK.: tjegrtary. |
THE f^allfornla I*rbrt* OjrjsiJiwloti having. r«- 1
c-ivej oj ; licati-.a* <o r-.lae br the hydraulic c
j'ruoe*» tram V. . H. iTniiiniW in tie Liin- !
O"-ck--r ' miv.f, n«ar l"^t.irr\ille. El Dorado |
<'ivi v t). to dep.Yit taJUr.g* in a ravine trib'j- 1
::.r> u> Weliber '.VpcW; frum Jos. J. HoJTmaa ;
uif\ T. 11. Uroarofe. lp the Pargon ■ mine, at
3'ath. Plao'-r I'-Junty. to depi/sjt tdllihrt* la
Vo'.cjinu «":Lr.y« n. »nij Trom «J. W. Coates j
«uJ E. K. ll*j»lall. in the Pebble nfll j'la<-*r .
r.lae. neir- Sn.;::is >lat. El Durado Cousty, !
to deputit taiii!i^» in Liuiav Chunk 'Canyon. I
»rt\e» aolioe tL*.; j' nn>ii!r.it wl'.l be held at
room r*. Fl<>od building. San Fntnclsco, Cai., ■
on I>ecemb>T 4,' lbT'?. at IcJO p. m.
-
ANNUAL mee-.lnx— Rejrul a r annual nxsettng of j
the stockholders <-f th<» Hosotula i^jrar Com- !
paay, will be held «t the ojflce of the com- ;
par.y. No. S7 Markvt «t.. San Fraadsco. Cal..
08, MONDAY. Uie 20lh tlay of November. \
IK3S. at the hour of. II i*c!ork a. m.. for th» i
j'«nvjf* of electing a twar;! 'of directors ta
trrve for tfce er.»nlng ?>-tir. and the transac-
tion of ru^h r*r»er bu>:r.et« as may come
before the me. ii lni!. Trxr.tfer bonks will clr*>« ;
en Turwlay. No\ eyr.ber 14. ISW. at X o'clock !
p. m. «L.H. PHKLJ'KJN. Pecretary.
ANNUAL m<^\:oK— lt^Rular annual meeting of '
tlie rj.v-Kli Mrrr cf The Honolulu P!ar.!al!oa j
Ccnptejr «tn be held ai the cffli'* cf the
rorapany. Na. Xt: Murkri it.. San Frar.clsco,
OaL. "n MONDAY, the 2<*h day of Novetn- |
l*r. lsy«. at the hcur of U a. ni.. for th» ;
j-uri>or;» c< eltetlng a b.-ard of directors to !
»<*rve fnr the enßj.rg yenr. ar:3 the trantac- j
tlrn of fuc*i otixr buslne** u.r tcay come •
r*ton« the meeting. Tr»n«'er books will olo«« !
m Tuesday. Ncrernber 14. ISM. at 3 o'clock .
t». m. E. • IL , BHXLUON. Secretary.
EPBCIAL meetlng-A sp.'dal aneting of the ;
*f«-|..h.iloerii of the OCCIDENTAL BEET \
FVC.AIi COMPANY will be hsld at the offlre
Of tie oomt>Mn>. «7 Varket rt.. In the City I
and Cour.ty of Ran Francisco. State of Call- |
fcrr.'.a. on SATURDAY, the Wh day of No- ,
ven-.ber. :W». st 11 o'clock a. ta.. for the pur-
pose of c niuCe: r a proposition to disin-
corporate the ecrr.panr.
F. H S-HTvT.nns. p.<-retary.
I.
ATTOIINKVS AT LAW.
.ADVICE fre*; U. W. KING. aUth flojr. Chron- ;
icle building; no ..■:mu;--«. charg««; all cases;
ef^au-a. mortgßCes; iama gat . collections.
Wnkruptcy. wills, etc.. flrawri; pjoderaxe
!»*»; coll or write '
ADVICE fn«e: divurre law a rpecialty; private;
no fe* wtthiont sucoeaa; collectlona. G W.
HOWE, atty at law; •■■•■ Market, cor. Stockta. j
KOAH F. FLOOD. «U5 Market St.. cpp. Majwn;
eor.t ultatti ti . 'r»«: moderate fees.
L. S. iUHK. Emma Spr*rk»ls tulldlng. 137
Market; c«inir\jltati™n fre*: na f«*es in advance.
ADVICE tree: at charr* unless aucceaaful. W.
W I.AVIPSOV. »r: Market •• . opp. Maaon.
11U WA.L. I I- MRS-
TUOB. H. B. VARNEY. Market nnd Tenth.
RAMHLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
UF.PAIJ'.INI A SPECIALTY
g- - .. . » ■
ItOAltn VM> ROOMS.
KDDT, 123 -rr.i'.ed PUte»Tllo^HT*rooTTis~rr3o ;
»«»k u;i. with b'«»rd SL 50; .nuue for two with
board, 112; b<.ard. M we«k; cicala. 2ic: ele-
l«AH<;E room, ruitable for two rents, with
li|«*.rd: Jiorr.e cockliig. 31 Essex Ft-, between
l"im and Second, near .Harrison.
NEW family tctel; first -class in all appoint-
tnrat«; rrc-;>r.\ table. (P7 California <: . oc-
cu'.yirg ce.iT.er opj>.j«!lt<» Grace <^hurch.
-BEiyjRAVIA HOTEU" Polk and Clay-6un-
tit suites; be« board; for 2.. 145 up; einge, CO.
J~*S PALMAB]~I«O Market-Suite of I or t
nns.: private; rath; kin. rms.; board optiotial.
O'FARREIJ* 742— Ijirg* Funny front roora*; ]
g'.w-'fl hnnie c^» king': also single nxims; 120 up.
lIOAIIII \m> ROOMS WaStEUI
<y»t;i»LR <jf young girls would like n-xim and
b'.>srd with re»i>eciat,l<. -family; state term*
m«.^«« »»■« r». cut
lI'MKIIIM. I (ill 1 MII.IIRK\.
CHIIJ) from I to *. years In prl rate (school
Afldrwia H«.rti:]er.Kiii.>ri.-art*n and Primary
li4i T« lecraph aye.. « Oakland.
J.AI'Y In c«mntry war.ta 2 to 5 year old child -
V per month, or infant. tIJ. Box 7847. Call. '
UEFL%"nD..»xj*Tleric«sl narse ha« a comfort^
ntv Irrnn frr rHi.lren. t» ]A r<mtro ••
noOHS-Mi\V ami OLD.
ECnOOL nor.KS bought and exchanged!
H',lrr.e« Tt^.k «>^, 704 Mission »t.. near Third.
ItOOIS A.N it MlOhS.
BARGAINS in ahoeii!! riend for price list,
r- pec laJ— Hoys' hta\y.lace ohoen, Jl to 2 . .tie
Fl»riai_v.en> regular J. »h «*«. all styles fl jj
IVViple'a Sho* ftore. JIX3 6tucktoii. nr. Brdwy.
IttMii'b and fhoim made to order from Ist -class
material. 16 to to: repairing cheap. H . 8 Al*.
• ''.'■ 4«1 ..'■ formerly with MoNulty.
m StKaSSi CIIAACEg.
* t&no HAIXK)N; doing a • i.d bualnaaa;
neat and clean; on water front cppoalte Mn
«K?.-«t. wharf. CaJl R. GIWILKE.G 1 W1LKE. *X MatkeU
A-I7»i; CANDY fa« tor>" und Jc* cream parlors
•■n »:w<-ti-ia st.: f>tabl!Bhed years anil doing
t. pjiylng busineaa; re«t Jit. a spiendid
tuelnxs «.r*r. | Call it. G. Wllke. SOS Market.
flOQfr-OLII established bukery and coffee par-
l<r*; In choicest :-watn>n;. doing a apienild
l.uslne«; large outride trade; ful!«« lnve«-
t'.r»tlon aollcitcd.' Cail ICG. WILKE iXW
Market st. • • . .
|U0»-fiAI><ON, near Market and Maaon sts.;
lurve place; fine flxi-ui** and well »tockr>d'
ilie entr*nc» and clubrootna. R. G WIL'IE
K>C Market K. • • .
A-»J(*: HOMi: bakerj- and restaurant on Ellis
rt. ; cheap rent-; spUndtdly. paying. Call II
G. WILK-S. ** Mark«^ st.
A-:go?-1'.OARDING-Hv»1'KE with 11 finely fur.
r.lthed room*; rent J3i; flnit-class paying
wld-jw > compelled- t'i 'floe. Particulars
It. G. WILkE. *X Market Ft.
A-ll"no— HALwO.NIn wholesale district; establ.
?»i.-- and *:lrig a good paying bu»it. no
right or Fund.-ty work; rent 100. Call R. <;.
WJLKK. lii< ilarket »t. '
lU'^ni'.ASCH tiakrry 'and. »latlonery; Weatera
Ad4lT>on, clutt [■• 'i 1 ■ :i: ■:!»"; furniture of
living t..- tji - Included: »lckneaa of owner cause
cf tale; bargain. R. G. ttiLKE. »oC Market.
A RARE CHANCe" r
Jc'hannisberg :- j .: i::i-a. the famous Summer Re-
port anil vlaejards. Nara County; all fur-
' *'■■>■' and .e<|ulfij«-d for buvlhess: haa full
1 -it CTtry season and pays owner over 20 per
cent on lnve* tment ; must be sold at terms
to. suit, ct ret;t.-d at once on account of lm-
ni'-dlal-e dej^rfure' «f owner to Europe. .
For j'hotr.tjraphs" nnd iiarticulnra inquire of
A. M.: SPECK & Cf).. C 67 Market st." ■
CANDY ■tore: half value; cause departure; no
agents. 131 Fifth nu
Foil sal*— Good fruit and. I living rooms;
cbet^ Apply ::a X-itihxix at. ■ ■•
111 s|\l CHANCES— Continued.
|*JO-«ESTAURA~NT; he»t part City, where
thousands are continually employed; 6 room*.
in. fur. ; best offer this line. M 1..- -. Tl • MKt
• tSOiv-PAUTNEK wanted In neatest and l>e»t-
paylng restaurant of Its sire north of Mar-
ket; sober, steady man only. t«eaa, 765 Market.
j: • DRNKR aruocry "'•-' ; >'". Baal j«rt
. Western Addition; larre stock; good fixtures;
account old a*<-. barsain. M. Le*s, Tfii^Mkt.
|W*-RESTAURANT at railroad depot; 9 fur-
• litfbfd rcH>nis; low rent; old-eftabllshed buM- ;
ne«s: well paying: win fitted up; worth
diwble; full Investigation. M. Leaa, Nl Markt ',
117 V RESTAURANT and bar; good location. ''
■ P-X in t place; rent only UO; good for man and
■wife or two partner*. M. LSSB, 7CS Market.
UtN-FRl'lT. dear, stationery and candy store;
d«ll\ reiM-lius ft to »J: barmUn. McLAUGU> I
I.lN' A CO.. TTth Market st.
STATIONERY and dpur ftore for sale cheap.
For particulars apply 444 Fifth, nr. Bryant.
Otv>— SALOON with furnlrhed rooms: bargain :
tall Jay. McLAUGHLIN £ CO.. mn Market.
ELEGANT »aloon on Fourth St.; private
rooms; must a*l on or before Not. M. WIN-
STON & CO.. U«6 Market_st :
ISO— FRUIT and vegetable rtaad; good loca-
tion; rant 110; good ri«son for selling; cail
and lnvertirate, 10S2 Howard st.
875— 0N account of other business, dainty dell-
catesien an.l creamery store: living rooms; :
yar.!. basement: rent J^,. 21C'» Third St.
tZTA— iIUOCEI'.r i^nd bar: tint location: cheap- !
Inquire PUTZMANN & SCHURMANN. 341 j
Hiie fct.
(150— RESTAURANT and o>-ster house near
Presidio; tlally re^ipts Hi: owner golag East;
lßvectlgate thaa. Boi 1204, Call of ooo.
FOR SAI-E — Nioely fitted restaurant and chop
house- doing nice Lusinesa. & Polk st.. near
' Market.
PARTNER with means to extend merchant
tullonr.g business. Box 24 M. Call office.
CAPE^NOME. ALASKA.
Persons desiring to secure pa>sagt> on a first-
class ♦arty boat for Cape Nome and York at .
'reasonable prices car df> co by applying at i
' once. Address Commltt^. bsx l«s4. Pali.
JI2S BUYS a good paying Turkish baths bujrt-
• ness will teach the buyer the business free
of charire. la« Kddy st.. rxirn It.
FOR sal« at BacrifW: retinng from buslneoa;
• .wholesale and retail »ti>r«. e*taWish*d M
j «ara: suitable for wholesale and retail rro-
' eery or drug store or hotel; can be rented
teparate- long lea** If desired. GEO. MON-
NIER. :15S Howard, bet. Seventh ar.d Eighth.
FIIJ.ST-CI-ASS bakery to M 712 Valencia, at.
GOOD paying bublr.eas and flxtunrs for sale at
BiO. Apply 7*A I^arkln st.
OLD e9taL!!sh«.l barber shop, with furniture
and 2 chairs; rent low. 1103 Howard su
CANDY store for ssJe; C. JNO. MALUFK.
. 2C3 Second -t.
INVENTOR of several new and .useful novel- ;
' tle» wishes rianufarturlng partner or will ,
.fell: principals only, "ill Eighth st.
FIRST-CI-ASS grocery and bar at invoice;
' twv-th'.rd* nush: balance on time. Inquire
b.^x *32. CaJl offlce.
tSW> — HOME bakery for sale; portable oven; j
iruaranteed pn:flt» $i"> per week. Box 33. i all.
taCA-BAKERT; receipts $15 day; all store
trade; per.ulne bantam. JONES. S6G Market.
HOTFJ^. «0 room«: richly furnished: good J
will: iplendld busir.esj; grand tiion. E. E.
BONCE. ?C* Rroadway. Otl:la^d. ■
FOR sale In a btvmlr.g town: best paying hotel
and bar; cheap: 50 miles from oitv; death in !
fam!!y. kddrvaa A. 8.. 9S CrockrfTt. CaL
FIRST-* 7LABS French llouor store; es^ahlUhed |
IS )-ears ago; boraa, wagon, cellar, etc 1401 j
Powell ft. I
PRIVATE house; 15 roores; 20 rrgnlar boarders; ,
north of Market. Box 247. t"*nll office.
COFFEE and tea, routes supplied from GEO.
W. PASWEIJ. & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento -:
A BRANCH offlce for Call adverttrements and .
*übFcrlptloc» :,k> been e«iabllyhe.l -• the :
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- ■
tucky Ms. Open till 9 p. m. !
A BRANCH offloe for Call advertisements and
. ■ubaci lpttoni has been estabi.shed at 1«K Ya- ,
ler.c'.a Ft.
CARRIAGES \>n WAGONS.
FINE top burgy. alroort new; business buggy. :
r.ew: business Wiinoni. new, suitable for dry ]
g»ds : • -r»*s. mckaway. US Harrison st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheao. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
10 11 SETS seocnd-luind harness; wajrotis. carts,
I bM«rwte«. surreys and horses. 1144 Folsom ft.
i mum:: BBATIJVa AND CLEA.NIXG.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor wnrk
• *er.l to SPAULDING'S I*lon«*r Carpet-
boaUng Works. ST3-557 Tehania St.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Fleam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
PENS, mgr.. 2S-40 hth su; teL Sooth "2^o.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Clean!ng~Co!7
4LZ Stevenson st. ; tel Sou:h 22<; lowest rales.
ADVANCE Carj«"t <"'"-onlng Cal. 4C2 Sutter *L;
teL ... GEO. WALCOM. lToprletor.
CARPrTTS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 3c
STKATT' N - 3 ?:ighth «.; tel. Jessie •♦«
J. E. MITCHEIJL, Carpet aeaning Co.. 243 14th
tH.; cleanlne. 3c per yard; teL Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. KaM 126.
• CLEilDia COMPOUNDS.
UTICA cleaning and Toilet Com»unds and
i Comix»und l*nste; a household bles*i!rs: « sura
cure for x^'.son oak. SAMI.'EL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Kpear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS A>l> SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may he con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
the reveal* every hidden mystery; ••• will
thow you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move family troubles; restore lost affections;
unit* the separated; i»-co»*ts lost or stolen
Xixiperty; locates minerals; tells your entire
fi
life, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction
ruaranteed by mall; fond stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
I ?«C Turk St.. near Jon»«. Honve Sun. and eves.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant;
Kittingß Jl. diagnosis free; "new method"
treatment for chronic, private, o»«cure dls-
ea*ev «eii<l stamp for circular. 233 Stockton.
MME. MELBOURNE, prophetic reader of des-
tir.y. will be here for 1C days; n<.w Is the time
to know your future: 2f-<* and i^V; hours 1:30
to t p. m.. 7-10 p. m. 612 Vi Eddy st.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
term. S Hayes st. room 7. second fl.wr.
MME. MOREAU. the best medlum and card
reader; He up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
! ARRIVED— Prof. Haley; re-ada your life; cradle
to grave. 50c, $1. 39 Turk. cor. Taylor, parlra 25.28.
KATIE HEUSSM ANN'S to-night. SatTand
Sun.; tehts to all; 10c. Ml Jessie St.. off 7th.
I3DWARD SAP' lnder*r.dent s!at«wrtter%
830 Ellis St.; circle Sun. and V.'od. evenings!
MRS. BUSH. 245 Fourth: rea/lßr~oF~Freach
Norman's cards of the se«ret« gypsies.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c 102V4 Sixth st.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m '
PROF. OT.E. medium, sees and Tells every-
thing: fOe, II; cir. every nlcht. 2>. 10X> Mkt.
M.ME. SYBILLE— «>ad!e to grave; Tutur7~hus^
J.and's picture. 25c; ladles. Sl4 O' Farrell at,
MME. AUGUST. clHlrvoyant. card reader and
palmistry. 2ic; truth or no pay. 114S Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader^
rltUr.gs daily. 212 1 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; nstr,e«i irlven: V,r up. f, Fourth st.
CLINIC.
CALIFORNIA Medical College. 1422 Folscm-
. free rr.e^lcnl ani surg. treatment: 9 tr> !2 m.'
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Ag<!nc>TnoThargTun"
less successful. Room 310. 527 Market »t.
COTTAGES TO 1:1.
COTTAGE, newly papered; 1 ,ms; St 7091.,
-Harrison «t.. rear.
STTNNY cottage • f 4 rooms and bath- large
banement; with cr without barn. 81s Capp st.
IS— NICE cottage; I rooms, yard; respectable lo-
callun. 1705 Turk St.. near Scott.
FELL. 2P7. bet. Franklin and Gough— Cottage
S rooms: large yanl and basement; rent 111. '
E-ROOM rear cottage. 1 I.arktn place, off Lar-
kln St.. between y.llis an! O" Farrell.
COTTAGISS WANTED.
WANTED— PIain furnished house; 3 or <TroomV
basement, barn, cheap, for man and wife by
November 27. Address H. de H.. 2212 Mission
DENTISTS.
DR. QEOROE LEEK. 2o"o"FarrelTstr~e^
trncts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, J2; brlil^es Si-
rubber or flexible plates, ti; received B 'first
prltes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work: the low-
est pries; all work warranted and painless*
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern Den-
. tal Pariore, HM ilarjict at., cor. Qoldan Gate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 18. 1899.
DENTISTS.
A— Dr7~tT S. HXobniar dental parlora,
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the (rums; the beat and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gola
filling* from tl up; other fillings from 80a:
twdlv decayed teeth carefully treated and
tilled or crowned without pain; plates that flt
from 14 10 up; flesh colored plates from IS 60
UP; teeth without plates a syeolalty; open
evanlnsa and Sundays. ■:•.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry-
Synol, on application to the gums, r«movet>
Hie pain: st-e our Saah-ootorad plates: thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for !'>
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate: fillings. S0o; uruwut, $3 SO; plates,
full ?et. 15: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, U Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 800 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
hare your extraction* done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
MM up: plate*, extractions free. *4 60 up; of-
fice hours. »a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, » to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
VAN VROOM— Palnleas extraction by electrici-
ty, raamntaa 10 years; lowest prloae; 10 op-
erators, no studenu. 897 Market st.
DR. LI'DLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Elerenth; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gaa girwa.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1?41 Pott st.
MEYER— Deutscher Zahaarat, 6 Turk: lst-class
Work; prices reas. : gas; crown & bridge woik.
OHIO I>ental Parlors, Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors : open .-veilings and Sundays. 860 Market.
PARIS Dental Pju-lors; 135 Kearny. oor. Bush;
full tot of teeth. $4; crowns, S3; fill Ings, 3So.
LOWEST prices In S. F.: work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. XT Mlsalon. cor. «th-
|)hks.s.iiaki;hs A.\D seamstresses
S. K~Dr«sMnaklDg. __d!es' Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 806 Van Ness.
SKinTS made from $1 up; suits raaaonabln.
271 Minna St., upstairs.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. I_l Pii«t.over O'Connor A M>ff»>tt.
EDLCATIOJiAL.
ATRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St., cimducted personally by Mr. and Mrs.
W. F. Ayres. Indivldaal Instruction In s*u>rt-
hand. typing, Engllah. pen— uu_ hip and the
practiced voucher system of bookkeeping.
Life scholarships, V"i: catal<nnie.
HEALD'S Business College. 14 Port at.. 8. T. ;
practical coursm In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy. English
branches, clrtl. electrical an.l mining engi-
neering, etc: new 10- page catalogue free.
MIS:" M. G. BARRETT la unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de-
r.lres more pupils; lesaona personally and by
1:. ill. Vi MouUtomery st.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year gut position*. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE-. 123* Market st.
ENGINEERING school, olvll. electrical, mining.
meoh.. sunrey. assay, arohl. . day and even.;
.•*t- 18C4. VAN DER NAILLKN, »33 Market.
LAW schools. It! Market. R. F.. and »05 Broad-
way. O&kiand: day and night: correspondence.
PROF. MF.KKTS mandolin club renumea Nov.
1; sew members welcome; rirf. 10ue Mission.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College, 305 Larkln st.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar. writing;
d:iy and nl<ht: terms low. 1014 Ml.-Bilon.nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORFHZT7M Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black US.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. M ' 'Lay at. ; phone Davis Ml.
JAI'AV Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese !•■::>. --. I'oat; phone Main 1»8C.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 4i4'-2 O'Farrell St.; teL East 4 IS.
JAPANF-SE-CinNESE Emp.Agency; all kinds
h.lp. GKO. Md 30 '1-jiiT st. : tel. Grant 3«.
EMPLOYMENT WAITED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and waitress de-
flrr« situation: hotel or boarding house; b«at
city ref. MIS 3 H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; also first-clasa Swedish cook; best refer-
ences; city or country. MISS H. CULLI-
1 NAN. 323 Suitor st . ; phone Main 661.
' COMPETENT English c<w* nnd baker; middle^
■i.-- ! woman: good laundress: city or coun-
I try; c<juntry preferred. 120 Fourth st., room
17.
' RKSPECTARL" flrst-clans American woman.
Is alone, wants to work In a • small family;
j Is honest and reliable; please call or write
soon. 120 Fourth st.. room 10.
I DRESSMAKER: perfection In fitting, design-
lng and trimming: exprt at remi>dellng: goes
to families: price moderate. J. H. P., Ml
S Post sir; ■<ilTl 4 :
YOI7NG German girl wishes situation to do
!. ■■:-■• -.\ rk In an American family; wages
$1.1; references. Box 374, Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by 2 first-class waitresses.
I or.c as dinner waitress; the other a.i lunch
( and dinner 'res*. Address 513 Stevenson.
POSITION wanted by mother and son. Ad-
dress MRS. <; A. R.. box 219, Golden Gate
P. '». Alameda County, Cal.
GERMAN woman wants plain sewing to do at
home. &21 Mission St.. room 1.
RESPECTABLE young woman wliihea em-
ployment In exchange for room and board.
Address box 1202. Call office.
I FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishen work in fam-
ilies or at home. bITVi Sutter at.; tel. Lar-
kin K2.
SWEDISH woman wishes plain sewing at
home. 426 Bu.sh st., room 11, first floor.
A YOUNG English lady, (trained nurse) will
give services two or throe hour* dally In re-
turn for room and board In city; can teach.
_Ad.lress_Y. W. C. A.. 1221 O'Farrell st.
WOMAN will take washing or sewing nome or
work by day. t24S Mission st.
WINCHESTER House. 41 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 26c to SI 50 night: fl M to }«
w«ek: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baKgage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH offlce Cot Call advertisements and
rubecrlptlons haa been established at the
north»-«-i>t corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky nt». Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubscrlptlona has been established at IMS Va-
lencla ■ t.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
LABORERS, mechanics, coachmen, garden^
ers, men and wives, cooks, waiters and dish-
washers on hand and supplied with prompt-
ness and dispatch by J. F. CROSETT A. CO..
employment agents, 628 Sacramento St.; tele-
phone Main 114.
WANTED, by a first-class coachman, with
thorough knowledge of horses and carriages;
excellent driver: can be highly recommended
for honesty, sobriety and attention; lust ar-
rived: town or country. Reply O. X.. New
Western Hotel, Washington and Kearny sts.
YOUNG man wishes clerical work of any kind
for evenings; contracts taken for figuring or
refiguring of Inventories; all transactions
utilctly confidential. Address W. A. L.. 730
O" ■-«rr.-;i st. ■ . }
SITUATION wanted by a competent mechanic;
painting, rbangins and tinting; 12 per
day. Address Painter, 2616 Enclnal aye..
Alameda. Cal.
SITUATION wanted by single man on ranch;
understands plain cooking, milking, making
butter and other general farm work. Ad-
dress box 372. Call office. . « ' '
BOOKBINDER, all-around hand, wishes em-
ployment. H. NELHOF. 317 Minna st.
Good cook (German) wants position. GUS
-. M:it. 217 Minna at.
SITUATION wanted by a useful man; single;
handy with tools; understands the care of
horses, cows and garden. Address box 375,
Call office. •
MAN and wife wish situations; man aa y.v
deuer and wife as cook or upstairs and H-Vm-
stress. B6x 12C3. Call.
MAN wishes position as general ranch hand;
wife as cook. H. D.. 474 Jessie St.
WANTED— As teamster C delivery clerk;
thurouch knowledge of city; beet of refer-
. <>nct*s and complete knowledge of horses. Ad-
dress W. F. X.. 1535 Masonic aye.
MAN and wife of exi-erlence wish to take
charge of lodging house, as we can give best
of references if necessary; country or city.
Address 733 Folsom St.
GARDENER and florist desires situation; gen-
tl«man'a place or nursery; competent In every
branch; town or country; can furnish flrst-
class references as regards character and
fidelity. Box 24SJ. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman;
understands the care of horses, cows, garden
work; Is handy with tool* and haa porter ex-
]•> rlt-nce; desires position. Address box 1474
'
Call.
BARBER— Middle-aged, strictly first class,
wishes position. Address 611 Eighth st., city.
MALE nurse, rraduate of Bellevue Hospital,
excellent testimonials, desires engagements
by day. week or month or In private family
Address HIRAM NEWCOURT. Red Cross
Tent, Union Square.
GERMAN wishes position to do light work or
. aa watchman. Box ii'ti, Call oUga,
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman
desires position as porter In wholesale house
or store; understands the rare of horses and
Is handy with toots. Box 2870. Call.
HANDY man wants work; understands care of
horses, cows, garden, chickens and cooking;
small wages. Address Handy, box 1458. Call.
FRENCH polisher wishes steady employment.
J. TKNNETT. Postofflce. Oakland.
MAN handy with tools wishes situation as
watchman cr Janitor. Box 2460. Call office.
WANTED Situation by young Japanese as
schoolboy. FRANK. .'23 Pine st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of Jlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th«
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
rucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1056 Va-
lencla st.
EXCHANGE.
$3500— FINE new house; 7 rooms and bath;
modern lot; 60x150; 10 minutes' walk to local;
want a small ranch in bay counties. WM. P.*
TODD. 1070. Broadway, Oakland.
GOOD rant • Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. EDBON 1209 Tt- *<Iw:iv. Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
ORORGK MAYKRI.K. Oemtan «xpert optician.
l-'Tl'.- Market st.. Si-i Franols<*o: rum. free.
FINANCIAL.
SAVINGS bank depositors please call room 629.
Parrott building, In reference to rate of In-
terest.
FLATS TO LET.
A t-ROOM flat near Third and Howard sts. ;
rent $9 60. Apply 15 Grant aye.
AN elegant sunny middle corner flat; modern
lmprovemts. 1000 Webster, cor. Golden Gate.
CLAYTON. 872. south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat; 5 rooms and bath; reasonable.
DKSIRABLE sunny upper flat; modern: recep-
tion hall. 1246 Waller St.. 100 feet from Ma-
sonic aye,; very reasonable.
EM.'iiANT flat; 6 rooms and bath; all latest
Improvements. 713 Grove st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
n.AT of 1 larre rooms. 29 Rlngold St., bet.
Eighth and Ninth. Folsom and Harrison; $S.
LOWER flat: 4 large rums, bath; large yard;
cellar; rent $14. 925 Vi Greenwich st.
PIERCE, 1336. near O'Farrell- Sunny upper flat
of 5 rooms; bath; rent $12.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath. 1412 Califor-
nia st., near Hyde.
BUNNY new style flat, 7 rooms) and bath; mid-
dle flat 736 Fourteenth -'
BUNNY bay-window fists. 7 rooms and 2 kitch-
ens each; first and ■aoond floors. 4 ITS Third.
I SUNNY flatn; rood condition: 4 rooms each.
Nob. 110 and 114 Pt-rry st.; $10.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 JO;
heavy matting. 10c per yard; 30x80 Inch rugs.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway; open evening.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4* 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market. '
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPSRI m Mission St.. pays I
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture. i
WANTED $5000 carpets, furniture, etc. : highest I
price paM portal. M. Bllrerrteln. 1121 Market.
Fluid I 1 •:- KTO
ELECTRIC sea! capes. As'rakan yoke*. $10 to
$30 ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
! WE will pay a regular salary and a commis-
sion to a selected number of . (trade
i agents. We want the best men and, women I
to be had; those of experience and who can j
be relied upon for faithful work; persistent I
and energetic, of good address and with .
"gumption" and the tact to secure what they ;
attempt. Retired ministers, school teachers. ]
or •• m seeking outdoor life, make good ,
agents; regular salary and a commission on I
each onler to the competent man or woman.
Call at agents' department, J. C. MURPHY,
29 Chronicle building;, San Francisco, Cal.. I
agent for the Curtis Publishing Company of
Philadelphia. Pa.
AGENTS Ladles and gents everywhere make
ni'Tey by selling the only correct map of bat-
tlefields In the Philippine*; Just the thing for
XmiiH present. Call or address P. E. la.mar.
21 First St., San Francisco, Cal.
SALESMEN wanted to sell the retail drug
trade. P. C. M. A.. 76 Flood bldg., after 4
o'clock.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— First-class cook, 130; lady's maid
and seamtftrms. $25, nice place: cook. $3'i.
short distance; maid and •-!-.
short distant-**; German cook, $35, no wash;
7 restaurant waltrer.s>.ti. $.1, $•'■: waitress, ho-
tel. $2t). country; chambermaid and waitress,
$20; German house girl. J25. 2 In family; GeT-
iiitin nunte. $25; invalid's nurse, $20;' laun-
dress, $25, institution; lroner. $2- r >; 60 girls for
housework, city and country, $20, $25. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
C. R. HANKEN & CO PHONE GRANT l-r.
2 waitress*-*, south, see party v. $20; wait-
ress, north. $20; 5 waitresses, different country
hotels. $20; chambermaid, to wait, north, $2u.
chambermaid, to wait. c!ty, $20; clerk for
candy store, $8 week; girl for randy factory,
$3-$4 week. C. R. HANSKN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WOMAN cook; dairy ranch; 125; fare paid.
MURRAY ik READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. '
GERMAN. Swedish or Danish girl; mutt b*
rtrst-class cook; references.. Call bet. 9 a. m.
and 12 m., 1102 Van Ness aye.
GERMAN girl to watt at table and be useful
about family; a home; $20. TROST'S. 616
I Clay st.
WANTED— FIrst-daM waitress and chamber-
maid; mut-t know how to sew; German pre-
ferred. Apply at 1817 Jackson St.. between 8
and 12 a. m.. or 5 and 8 p. m.
WANTED— iAiIy compositor as partner In
printing business; I'rotestant preferred. Ad-
<lreK6 box 371. Call.
PANTS finisher; state wages and experience.
Box 177, Call.
LADIES. if you want to make $3 to 15 per day
call at 39 Turk St.. cor Taylor, parlors 26-26.
GIRL 3 on coats. DRISCOLL. 103 Fifth st.
WAITRESS at 623 Fourth St.; •ten. Job.
NEAT girl for general housework: 2 In fam-
lly; wages $10. 1132 Fulton st.
COMPETENT bookkeeper: city references re-
quired Box 353, Call office.
WANTED— Good German girl, 26 to 30 years of
age as cashier and to do little housework; $2C
a month and found. Call at 1206 Market St.,
barber shop.
WANTED Middle-aged woman for housekeep-
ing; wages US per month; references. Ad-
dress box 3SI. Call office.
NEAT young girl for light housework; small
family; good home for willing girl; reason-
able Wages. 113 Bartlett st .. after 9a. m.
EXPERIENCED Bonaz operator; steady work;
good wages. S. F. MFG. CO., 4'WA Turk st.
26 EXPERIENCED hands on silk and wool
waists. S. F. MFG. CO.. 409 A Turk st.
WANTED A neat young girl for housework.
710 Hyde st.
SEAMSTRESS wanted experienced hand, for
curtain work. C. HAYNERT, 40 Ellis st.,
fourth floor.
NURSE girl, from IS to 30 years, car* of 18-
months-old baby; with references; $15; apply
to-dsy. 233 Third aye.. between Clement and
South California sts.: take Sutter or Geary-
st. cars.
WANTED-Lady piano player for country. Call
from 1 to 5 p. m.. 217 Grant aye . room 2.
WANTED— a girl for housework: plain cook-
ing; wares $20. Apply 1626 Vallejo st.
LADIES wanted throughout the State to sell
the Bamsoa Corset Strengthened. . Apply
SAMSON MFG. CO 420 Montgomery, rm 20.
WRITERS on short story magazine. "The Ra-
ven"; $37 60 in prizes. CHAS. McARTHUR.
Oakland.
WANTED— Four girls for light upstairs work
and rooking. 530 Pacific st. ■ ;,/:'
CLASSIFIED advert Iserr.ents and subscriptions
received lit Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
LADIES' cloaks, suit. « Der week. Eastern
Outfitting <-■».. n«l Ptorkton. Nt Broadway.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MEN and women everywhere to look after spe-
cial work; advancement after 26 days; salary
and commission: permanent. Address Dept.
Kl. The Werner Company, Akron. Ohio.
WANTED— Errand boy about 15 years old; $3
per week. Room 4. 211«Sutter St.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c to
we. '2 Mission St.. bet. l»t and 2d stß.
PHOTOGRAPHER wanted— Oood all around
man. Apply J. W. BAKER. 1028 Market st.
SOLICITORS— Ladles or gentlemen: $15 to $30
A week. ssJW. Particular* Q., box 03)5, Call.
HELP WASTED-MALE.
MUI L^Tn *r- RF:AI >T " PHONE MAIN Ma
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Two bricklayers at 7 a. m to-day-
Two bricklayers for furnace work."
■.—*:"•:•.""*"!'«■ li day; see boes here
etablemeu nd bugg>- washers $30 and $35
Plow teamsters and ranch hand 5....128. ...128 and $30
milkers, orchard and vineyard hands
woodchoppen.. 4-foot" "redwood and pin"" also
etovewood choreb-.ys
6 boys to learn trades $3 to $5 week
drillers, reck work, city $175 day
pick and shovel laborers $26 and found
teamsters, city and country.
MURRAY * READY.
634-636 Clay at.
TO THE SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
We ship you and pay your fare; no experience
necersalry ; common laboring men, wages $26
to $10 and found; also crosscut sawyers and
_barkcni. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COOK, plain, hotel near city. $50; hotel, restau-
runt and boarding cooks, city and country.
$30, $40 and $50; waiter, hotel, mining town.
$25; boy for bakeshop, $16 and found: shirt
polisher, country laundry. MURRAY &
READY. 634-1>36 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN A CO 104 GEARY ST.
Teamsters for the Coast Road, free fare; 6
orchard farmers. $20; 3 farmers, near city,
$26; farmer and wife. $40; wheelwright, $15;
woodsmen. $20 to $35, see boss here; 2 brick-
lay era, country. $5 a day; stableman, $36.
Cook and helper. $75; third cook for mine
boarding house. $30; second cook, mine board-
ing hour*. $30; second cook, $45; waiter
for Nevada,- $40; camp waiter, $25. C. 11.
HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st.
GANG of laborers for S. P. Co.; work In Ne-
vada; $1 75 a day; free fare both ways; ship
to-day. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary at.
COOK and assistant for country hotel. $76. see
party here this morning; steward for ward-
room mew. $W). C, R. HANSEN * CO., 104
Geary st.
WANTED— Man and wife, private family, wife
an cook, man as waiter, $50. short distance In
country, see party here; gardener and wife.
nice place, country. $4. young clerk, clothing
establishment, murt be an American; salary
according to experience. Apply to J. V.
_' 'SKIT & CO.. 828 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Four quart* miners. $2 50 day; meat
cutter and make sausage, young man, $60; ,
am<istant gardener, $25; choreman for ranch,
$20; stage driver and stableman, $15 to $26;
harness maker for country shop. $2 day: sta-
bleman for oountry. $25. J. F. CROSETT St
CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Cook for oountry boarding house,
$40; baker for Institution, $30; waiter for res-
taurant. $30; boarding house waiter, $25: dish-
washer for country. $20. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
. WANTED
laborers for lumber yard, railroad and woods,
for large company
$20 to $35 and board and fare paid
5 more woodchoppen; good chance to make 1
money; see boas here
miners $35 and board 1
driver for milk route. '
cooks, waiters, dishwashers; also farmhands, !
milkers and ethers.
W. D. EWER A CO.. 610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 610 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 162.
WANTED— Sober, steady man who can do plain
bookkeeping; knowledge of German desirable,
but not indispensable; must have small capi-
tal: can triple Investment In 3 months; refer-
ences. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced driver for milk wagon;
J" per month; reference. Apply between 6
and 10 a. m.. 2200 Point Lobos ay.. cor. 11th ay.
■ —^——^—~
WANTED— A barber for Saturday and Sunday.
627 Broadway.
BARBER tor Saturday. Apply at 35% Turk
street.
•— — 1 — - — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ____
BARBER for Saturday; wages $3. Apply at 62
Seventh St.
WANTED — Experienced children's clothing
salesman at RAPHAEL'S.
TWO experienced tea and coffee solicitors.
Address box 376. Call office.
WANTED — Bedmaker at Adams House, 519
Sacramento st. Call after 2 p. m.
WANTED— painter.* Call early at 7K Folsom
street.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 106 Fourth St.; wages.
WANTED- Dishwasher for restaurant. 1125
Stockton st.
, — _____
GOOD errand boy. 17. who can press seams.
104 Kearny st. . tailor shop.
WANTED at once; 2 good shoemakers on re-
palrlng. IMS Greenwich st.
BUTCHER want*]; experienced cutter; refer-
ence required. Apply box 369. Call.
PAINTERS wanted at 1701 Sutter st., cor. La-
Runa. l
FIRST-CLAPS bootblack wanted; $8 per week.
1205 Market ot., barber shop.
WANTED— Several well-dressed men; $12 to
HI a week. 916 Market »t.. room SI.
WANTED- ICO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; beet in city. 4b€ McAllister
St., near Polk.
BARBER trade taught: 6 months' course and
board for $75; no college. Apply Call office.
BARBERS— 3-chalr hotel barber shop in the
center of this city; reason, death of proprie-
tor; must be sold. For particulars call on H.
BCHEUNERT, 927 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
r-jns Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 Large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Chandelier makers and " bench
hands for brass work. Apply superintendent
THOMAS DAY COMPANY. 72S Session st.
WANTED First-class carmaker*' Apply at
C. W. R. FORD A CO.'S. 118 Sutter st.
LOO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly «lamaged. half
price. 662 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition at S.
F. Barber College. 741 A Howard st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay ■■
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore St.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
■ neys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash price*.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market, St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel.. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus. and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions his been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
►übserlpttor.s has been established at 10»« Va-
lencia *t.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
FOR sale— l heavy Btudebakar business top
buggy, not used much: also Hght-welihl track
harness: prices reasonable. Apply at 1729
California st., corner Franklin.
FoR Thirty head of good homes, suitable
for all purposes: weight from 1200 to 1100
67 Hermann St.. near Valencia.
LOOK out for the big sale of horses Tuesday
11 o'clock, at Ormonde Stable. 1517 Mission st.
S. ATKINS. Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagon. buccies.
carts, harness, Grand Arcade Horse Market.
527 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
SO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market st.. between Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
A CARLOAD of good wnrk horses, one span
weighing MOO. 1751 Mission st.
CHEAPEST and best In America -The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HORSE AM) WAGON Wanted.
WANTED— Horse, wagon and harness to peddle
H2f.>; no dealers. 737 Mission St.. 7-9 o'clock.
HOUSES — LODGING — FOR SALE.
KREDO & C 0... 2;v4 Geary~stT
Money to loan at low rates.
24 rooms; good furniture; clears $100 a month-
a bargain: for $1100.
$175—9 ROOMS; Thlrd-st. corner worth $100-
must sell; a snap. KREDO A- CO.. 22't Geary.'
$S5O-23 BOOMS; 1 block from Market; clears
:• to $100 month. KREDO A CO.. n% Geary.
$100-11 ROOMS; near Post; ,, #;i rent: fine
house; clears $30. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary!
$250— 12-ROOM house; half block from Market
st.; central: fine furniture. BASILE? 3 Eddy
PeTP cT r T T Y ?vaXl* - to BHI lod Klng-house~^rßT-
SlLE. 3 Eddy st.; new cash buyer daily.
POST-ST. lodging house; $700; snap; clears $45
monthly: 16 rooms; going to Europe \tir>
lON GRIFFIN. 719 Market, n^cXbullilfn"'
WANTED-To buy, 20 to 35 room fur doom-
good location: must be cheap. Box 1353 Call!
C rFi^ P i^ S L an " beBt tn America The Weekly
vV; a c?*f c*'e *' ""U to an y address In the
ioslag. SSJT ° r Canadi ° Dt y w ior <
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED Hat; houses to let; send for clr-
cular c; H UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. ► -. -
ELLIS. 2M2— Sunny house; 7 rooms; bath; shed
for laundry; large yard; fine view; S3).
MOUSES TO LET KUK.MSHED.
835- BAY-WINDOW houseT'w litiTfurnltur?I it iTfurnltur? 6
S^Sfv."^? batn: 2<s<s l>lne •»• Apply to E.
ROni.NET room 6. 4UH California st
_ HOUSES u\\| i;n. '
W^ N J F l DTD Ti C ? Ua ?'L or h^«^oTTroon«~and
bath, well furnished: tenant may buy furnl-
ture. Addles box 375. Call office.
HYPNOTISM. ~ "~
PR. EDWARD FISCHER. renowned hyp"n^Tt
and clairvoyant: leaches the art. 14? Sixth
LOST A.\l» FOI.ND.
LOST WaoL, t>-t. Ixlores and CumberUi. ■
• O A Oakwood, mink collarette; rewat
( Oakwood st.
LOST— A suit of clothes on the road between
A. Allen. Cull Canyon, and Andrews' saloon.
Apply to BILLY METEHs, Alamo, Contra
Ooata County. Cal. Reward. $5.
LOST— Female canary. IH*M Polk st. ; re-
ward.
MEDICAL. ~~
MRS. DR. WYBTH. ladles' physician; consul-
tation free; home for patients In confinement
or with chronic diseases; guaranteed treat-
ment at office. So. 441 Post St.. between Hyde
and Larkln; houri, 10 to i. 7 to 8.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic diseases, with beat possible car*
MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy at., bet. Hyde
and Larkta Office hour*— lo to 12. 2to 4 and
7 to 8.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for XI years:
call on physician with man's knowledge; $.'. ;
cure sent; private home In confinement. 311
Kearny St.; consultation free.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
beat of care; nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladies. DR. and MRS. WEOENER.
phone Pine 2781: res. 1312 Gulden Gate aye.
DR. and MRS. Da vies I?:' Market; ladles'
physician, chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific method*; cure guaranteed; treatment So.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles physician. 112} Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. SS. hours }a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market
st.; every case guaranteed: St up.
HOME In confinement; treatment $5; conaulta-
tlon free. MR3. ALLEN. M Van Ness aye.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist. 102 TH Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 M«MI it.
A WEEK'S news for I cents— The Weekly Call.
IS paces. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year,
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. Id-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-IJ7 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, at re and of-
flee furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-101J-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bouirht. sold and exchanged. 10*3 Mission st.
AT less than cost: uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
Caution— Be sure you go to the right store.
721 Market St., in the History building.
Charles Lyons has nothing to do with any
other store In the block, his name being In
full over the store (CHARLES LYONS).
A SPLENDID 14-karat gold-filled full-Jeweled
American watch for $10; cost $22. UNCLE
HARI 15 Grant aye.
A PERFECTLY new sealskin jacket for $110;
worth tZf'X UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
PARTY owning manuscript of very fine novel
will give half Interest to party publishing it.
or will trade for real estate. '■ Box 3>5. Call.
VALUABLE patent for sale cheap. Bos 2431.
Call. . •
CREAM of Irish setter blood; prices reason-
able. Glenmore Kennel*. 2>41 Linden. Oakland.
JIO— ALMOST new Domestic sewing machine;
latest style attachments. 7114 Filbert st.
DRESS pants. $2 75: flne suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
A— s3 5o DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 76. Pop-
ul.tr Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
FOR SALE— Building material; 14.000 to -13.000
feet of good lumber. Inquire box UK. Call.
FOR Christmas presents call on tiORENSEN.
reliable Jeweler, 103 Sixth St.. below Mission.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses. planers.lathes.
Iron A wood: M hand. J. BURKE. 13a Baale.
SAFES— New and second for bank*, merchants.
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc.. The ,
_Waltx Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st.. S. F..- Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, flre clay, briekdust. S. R.
CHURCH.- 807 Sansome •• ; tel. Main 6081.
8 HOISTING engines. 3 steamers, 5 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 60. BACIOALUPI.
$33 Market at . Pan Francisco. •
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. S. -White. 61« Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents' gear' machinery. boilers,
water pipe; new. ld-hand. Whltelaw.2l« Spear.
DR. CREELY'S C P. Worm Pills: by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate. aye.
SAFES New and second-hand. THE HEK-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BARS, counters, shelving. showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN. HIS Minion;, tel. Jessie 1163..
CHEAPEST and best In Ame '.-a Th- Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Caneda one'' year ' for SI.
r>o«tare paid. " . ' ■ • ■ ■
MISCELLANEOUS wasts.
DITMP cart and horse; will rent or buy. '; ■
W. KNEASS. 6H Third st. : .
WANTED for a collection— Fifty-dollar slugs.
Inquire at 16 Post St.. Palace of Art. E.
HAQUETTE. ...... .
LADIES' and children's cast-off dresses bought
and sold. J. Sllverman. 914 F 'a m. nr. 6th. .
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds and i
pillows; send postal. CHARLES LEWIS. <U
Union «t. •„ ■ . .
WANTED— To hire 100 first -class scraper teams
with harness and Dead bars; long Job. E. "B.
FT<"i\'R FlmhurM. • . ' ■
M(»KV TO LOW ~ r ~.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we wIU
pay It and carry the loan as long aa you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity: see us first •
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 63-69. Don boa bj£ 1170 Market. st. \*'
ANY proposition: any amount: 6 pe r cent* first
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance chattel
mortgages: confidential; advice free. G E.
01 BEN, room 16. .first floor. Chronicle Wdg. !
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8 F Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates', without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14. ■•'."• ■ •
A «°« I £« *l* Jrß: try all others, then »•« me; $» t«J
$1CO.OOO; 6 per cent: Ist. Id or chattel mort-
gages: estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates. legacies and mortgage* bought: adv«c»
and money furnished. P. a Dolan. 636 Markt. !
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. 2d and W inort-
gagei. undivided Interests, real estate In proV ,
rate; mortgage* and legacies .bought: ho de-
lay; get my term* before doing business else-
where, R. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery, r. *
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds Jewelry at low-
est rates, rial. l win Jewelry Store. S4« Market
at . tel. Main 1644; branch 19 Third st,
ON real estate. lit or 2nd mortgages. and on
furniture or pianos; r.o removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 26. Montgomery st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates: • confidential.
HONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. : 130 Powell si
AT 176 Ktarny. room 9. a respectable and pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches. ,dla-
monds. etc.; lowest rates: take elevator. •
CASH loaned to salaried people on note, wlth-
out Ind .riter. MORRELL. 603 Examiner bdg.
TO talarted men. without collateral or In-
dor>er. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big
$SOCO TO loan on furniture and pianos' at 1 per
cent. WINSTON A CO.. 1026 Market it .
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH. 220 California st.. room T.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dla-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
ISO TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and M mortgs.:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 11« McAllister st
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see 11. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best In America The Weekly
Call. 16 pagee, sent to any addres* In the
United States or Canada one year (or $1,
; postage paid.
mi sit %i- ixSTIiUMEVTS. i
a- rani ad ■ > '< "'
chase your mcd
where they can be " c n b^'" f '! «'elnw« y ;
within thn^ > r *!7 ' . ;
niin.ll for *« P*T roonth. and sum, * '
ncr Kearny »<
...rner Tf.
AR<?oii7TELY the oldest and i.i fc — ,• him 11
west of Chicago la KOHLEI: A CHA3E»
K. 19 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs an<l
.11 other musical Instruments of all gr,*.,
and Drices: term* easy; price* lowenf. ,v-ry-
?hlng P possible done to pUas. and satisfy S,
customer. ■ • ■■ ■ . ' ;
KNAKE planos^new scale: new stytrs. KOJt-
LER A CHAFE." 30 O'Farr*ll »t.
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4. $4. $1. $4, $4. $4 p«r month.
2 Chlckerings. 2 Stelnways: 1 A ose A s« n . , r ,
fifty other slightly t used high jii m^ IUKJ
grade olanos: .special f dl«rounta for r a , h _ .
HEINE PlANOJ^f°- co - Kill .t.
ONLY a few more "special aale" pl«c .,« l«f t it
MAUVAIS'. 763 Markft.it>'- ..; ;
THE "best pf.the best" I* the "Decker jTs^n 77 "-
established In. 1856. Sold by MAUVai-j. ;tj
Market st. . " '
"OLYMPIA" Music Uoxe* are boughTb^ ~^Z
pie who want Hie best. Zl N Mai.Val3
MUSIC CO.. .70 M* rkct . Bt i' Boltf **»"!«.
CLOSiNp out a'- lot of second-hand [UnoV on
»tora«e. at auction, prices: eheapi f wr n .
WILSON' 8 STORAGE. itlO Market st.
LARGE stock, of. Baldwin and other siandari H
Planr.»; prices reduced to fnsuf* rroicft «a m.
W. c. HAMILTON. 324 Post ft.
TlKßyHcbn A Stelnway Upright; M^rlrwT
KEEFFES.IOI* Van Ness aye.. nf.;.i >ary il'
W. v. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. '^mZ^TTor
Francis Bacon and Hal let t A f-arH rUnn,
ANT E D— 7 square planoa. IiYKuN IIALZT~
308 Post st. .- . :, ■ ■ • "»-«■«.
GOOD fight piano. nesrTy^ new;
HORNT.-SO 21* McAllister «. * t> -
BARGAIN— G-v>d upright:cfiean sr~H\ii-~i~~lii '
McAllister •• ?.-»• Hf^ernln Rank. ■
■OHMBR. Byron Mauzy and otaer pianos. 3ci
OmCKI *M» BTORE9— TO I . I
W^ TE J VV T A "*!* **«•« 'nr Vr^eVTora^y
other business in new s«ore on NW. cor of
Post and L*rkln..its.. at rea»..r..-ible ter^-.
A. M. SPECK A. CO. fig Market ■?.
*n\ r O stores;-, basement, ce.ment C-^r; w*Tl
lighted: (rwid l.^atfon Fr«rrh laur.-»ry- \7x*»
low rent. . Apply_j3j_McA.:;i«ter n. '
J iS n &ZSS*£i " vlny
TAYLOR. 21. near Market-; large stores in
new Hillding. Apply to 712 Ou«rrero it
EMM* SPRECKE.LP building. "C 7 M»rl«n tt-
Llrpt. eiinnr «ffW«. »l2?f.tf» m r*r month
I* VI. MINI
HAVE your life read without a question or
mistake at. your own home; engagements br 1
phone Larltln I^6. MRS. L. 1
I'EUS<».\ALS.
STAMMERING corrected: bo7klet~jTwHiTlf-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. »1S Linden. Oakland.
LEDERER'S Uulntonlca restore* health to tt»*
hair. 35c bottle; Lederer'B Foamo Shampoo has
no et.ua!; tc pkg. G. LEDEItEIt. 123 Stockton.
THERE la tut one Leoerer. and his hairdres*-
Ins: styles are the leaders: £c only; fln»
switches Jl up' beautiful light switches a
little higher. O. LSDEKER. U3 Stockton -t.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trad»mar*
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter et.. Law* a Kiectaity.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Forelga
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ARTISTIC hairdresslng. 25c; shampooing. 2Za;
hairdn and manicuring taught. Up-to-
Date Parlor*. :■.■ Market St.. over Wonder.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. < Eddy st.
ELEGANT remnants for suits. $10 A; par's.
• $S 75. or overcoats. $12 SO: made 10 ortftr;
1 samples sent to Interior. One I'r - Ta'.l ..r.c«
Co.. 1544 Market st.. St. Nicholas Hotli
ELECTRIC lights In every rotm: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third it., near Market: 100 rooms-
25c to Jl to per night; $110 to $* per week;
free 'bus and bagxage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners, make-up and wlgn; country orders s^-
llclted. OOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Market M
SLAUGHTER In unredeemed pledges. Jewelry, 1
clothing etc., for amount loaned and Inter- I
est. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason. '
PHIVATB detective work: reosoeabl* rates- 1»
years' experience. J. a. box Ma, Call.
A KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools an.l
old gold: send: for him. 10» Sixth et.
ONLY store that buys old gold. Jewelry and
cast-off clothing. COLEMAN'B. 604 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and brtcTl
brae. H. MARKS. JOe Tolrd st.: send post*).
SUITS to order on easy Installments. i.
LEMOS.- 1117 Market, bet. 7th and Bth.
DR. I. It WOOD: dental work In all branches
examination free. 719 Mark-t st.. rms 2 A J.
PAJNTING ar.d puperhanglng; ro.ims pap*reT
$2 60 up. JENSEN A BATH. 30S Sixth it.
MRS. I. J. WHEELOCK has removed La Verlt*
parlors.to 1140 Market st.: phon* Folsom 444.
MLLE. CLAIJIE BERTRAND. manicure rar^
loni. 238 Kearny st,. first floor, room $-8.
MRS.' BENNETT. 1185 Mlsnlon-rancer -ure •
days: no knife, no Caustics; reference*.
ANTIQUE and curlrrslty shop; books bought.
: sold, exchanged. 623 Dupont St.. near Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china uec.
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 ftanaiiMa •!.
LACHMAN A CO.. -i rra of flne furs md seal
garments: also remodeling. 104 Kearny »t.
IF you with full value for your cast-ort cloth-
Ing call on B. COHEN. 157 Third at.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; nr> tnjae.
tlon: Ruarantd. Dr. GoTdln. 614 Pine. ab. Krny. •
WANTED— OId rold for m^axxVK. O NOLTE
jewel. 24< OTarrr'.! b»f prwelt and Ma«. n*
' PHOTOeRAPHK M ri'l.ll ->
FINEST and fullest stock; square "deal and
-. prompt service.;- country order* our specialty:
'ratalnrue free. Cal «"»mer» Coc |J Ci^nrr .■
: Pnoi'KKTY WASTED. ~
BY practical faVmer. either dairy, stock, vine-
■ yard or grain ranch to rent on share* with
I everything. furol>htd. ; Box 24M. Call offlc*.
—^^— —^—~^ ~~^— ■
REAL KSTATH — — FOII Mil,
cTi^CA l'p"**CO..-'
: REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND RENT COL-
: • • - - LEi.TORS.
' ' NO. <30 MARKET ST.
• : . '*'■•: . OFFER FOR SALE.
FINE LOT; sunny side McAllister at.. oe-
tween Flllmore an.l Htelner: 4<>xlS7:«: suitable
for residence and garden; good neighborhood:
cars handy; rheap. .
MISSION ST.. W. »U!e. bet. Seventeenth and
KlKhteenth. T-story. bay-window, I room* and
bath- already bii*'.ne*» property.
FOURTEENTH ST.. bet. Mission and How-
ard; old-established grocery/ with room* and
fiat above: cheap, •*£
LYON ST.. «"t. Bush and Pine; flne 1-story
I re*l<l<*nre: J-^nii and bath.'. One 1-story
i -«nd N»th.
M.iK AVK. bet. Point Imbrnt and Clem-
ent • cars to lark in.l Cliff House pass.
GI'ERREK" ST.. bet. Thirteenth and Four-
teerth: 45»73: within. on« and a half blocks of
M.irket St.. either way. • •
TWENTT cheap house* and lots at the Mls-
slon.l ' . '. ' . ; ' ■ ■
HOUSE~VOR SALE— TO BE REMOVED.
. . 9.N BROADWAY.
1 Between Buchanan and Webster. No. 21S);
r- can »c seen at any time; man In charge; i
this house In one of the most solid and well
built in th* city; has valuable hardwood
■ door*: will be sold cheap: house can he r.. ■■. - 1
•: easily, there being n«» cars on Broadway.
THOS. MAQEE A SON'S. 5 Montgomery st.
. tjgn CASH.. $M» •■••-.. nice cottage. Jl»
Fifth. aye.. .near.Cl ement; lot 2Sxl2<>; open
Sunday. :W. F. McCLURE. 11 Montgomery.
jit i>— MODERN r.-rix.m cottage on bltumlnlxcd>
street; lot 25x13>); also a large 7-room house
on. Pierce St.. near Ralgßl houses built t»
' suit purchaser: easy terms. l:.iiulro on prcm-
■ Ises. F. NELSON, builder.
$*00 FOR new house of 5 rooms and lot VaxlOO.
In Oakland; terms $200 cash. baUnce $3 per
month; lot and bouse cost $1290. Inquire WM.
' HENDRICKSON A CO.. «14 Call bunldlng.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gat* Park.
west of First aye.. and you wish t-i sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE— >COU.\TIIY — For ■•••
FOR SALE— Best-paying fruit, poultry ranch In
■■ Alameda Co. ; finely Improved; sell with ur
without stock. M.. Call office, Oakland.
Jl»O--ltO ACHES In Calaveras County, 1 mile
from R. R. ■ station: «0 acre* bottom land;
houae and barn; wood and water.
■ SHOO— II acres In town; San Joaquln County;
6-rbom. .bay-window house; 6 acres in orchard;
fine chicken ranch. C. F. MOORE. 933 Market
St.. room I. '.: ■ .-..'.• '.;■' :••.
8-ROOM house; 1 acre mulberry tree*; In Liver-
more; suitable for raising "lilt worms; cheap
rent. Apply to A M. SPECK A CO., (i;v
Market st. _^ ■ . • 1
2S ACRES of choice fruit or early vegetable
land. For particulars address P. O. box 137.
Vacavllle. ■ ■ . . '
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market at . near *.. build*
Inf. List cheat Undj rr«e, / .s •ROOMS FOR HOI SEKEEPTSfO.
A BRANCH~©f 9ce~t or Call savertiMiceats as 4 i
•ut«---t t'-rj has been <>t»t>;i»hed at tae I
z..T\t*tmt ccrr%r c* •Tw*nt>--»*««a "^l Kta- I
•. • rtreeti >r^a cntil I p.' ta. j
BUCSAXAN : riser Feil-Scnny roraahed
bo-wia4ow. w.-i »..•_:•.-.. cc-jkrtjve; lU.
CaVp. I".: IV d •--> ru-=.^hed alocve saite,
♦ u.taUe rer jrtrt.fr. an ax.i w.fe; with U»it
h3C»*Jceepte<. . • _j_ .
CLAT.Ici. o#ax KV.lracre-: Urr* w-far=!ih»d
v;t*r ro-jji.*.' y*,-l . w»:er. r*~r reat- H.
3 KBSZFTED i> r::»»r-.ent« ard subjcnjtisns I
. .•. . • • ■ '. -> • r. 'fi^ 7^>/ F-.:!rr.ore st. i
r.LPTJI. IX— rumUhrd slnrie • dm; TVs and ;
I; pejf «r«ek -•- taers, c>«p.-
F> L> M •:•• - .ry hjciekeepiar raca: store. !
cl^ee-.*. s*th: r..'U"r. t -cs'; prl<at»: C :> wit. :
I-ARKIN. :?v-'" »srt susr.) nacseiteeuns apart-
c«su: |:t :o IX . i*r aonta; central. •
LEV, it;, li. off Taji^r. aear Post— Furauhei :
• «- • ••" »-: stare.
MINN a S - »ae4 hcusekeeplac aad s'.nj'.e i
r. • • : -.- »:t r*pt.
M>-. ' ..'. ".:-■-><*. —piac rooms: t. aad'
JL •••. :: - •-••••
NATOMA. 7»-S ninc-y. hou».keepins; rooms- '
par»r'ts xss'.si in care of ('.ace: rent W.
fiACTHAItENT . ;.= ii. bet. Hit* and Larkir.— l j
-. •..-.:.> Cr :.t r-oms: eiecantiy fsraSsa*!-
c Arurcyetaeats: i: K ht scusekee; n«" sji
i~«il. ' ...
TXf X- U— Nice frcat sunny saite ef rooms-
a-tc hyut^eeslay; rocsss.- •.
T^^'Urre'-rooaas. fcitchea im r*dr»>9ra fu7-
».»a*« e>4^;irte fsr h»usekeepta« Air^y at !
VALT2«."CJA. *34-». hr. Tweatl^th— StirßT f-r-
l^—ZJ—-I ^?}*^* w?ch «a: b*ta: r.3. *
Van XESa. K^* eleiMtly^src:»ted~saaay
' ■■ •.-U-'-ti. fcr .hsius«k.-epirx: will r»st
sej irately. •
A •■?.AN r H cf-re fcr Call aver- >"»-fa«t and
f'-- *-r^tJ.ms has been e»t-tit»i.»l at 1»* «- (
(?a — --, 1 - — ■ -1
RO..M- To I TT- Inrn KR d Tafara.
AY cp-ta-date aew Cr*pfo«r
Artos.o"; evened Oct. 14: el'e^..-.? eTevatrr:
hot *r" ceil water: raCiat.** and c<^l rrates: '
rate* rea* .nab.*, .r Taylor ".rt . near Market, j
A-BRrNPWI.-^ HbCSE. ; IU Sixta-Rootas i
Cc tc. II per clcht ;' r. 25 to tS per. week, aad '
J.'.S*: y . ;-»ft»ep.r.y; c;*n all r.gst. j
AT Betel Frar.cis^o; Turk ar.J *t« —
U-r-»..ke hou*e: m>iem . rerv.ee. elevator;
bath: r-.gi :» t; tl Vi day ■ MRS.. J KIN>3
A- rF wc-P.TH '— <~l—s. respectable: tl » to i
B r-r wyfc: h.?usekeep:ng. 'y~t Market st. ;
I'VK-.Err. :4J« Ms_-»rt <;'.d -No. '.3*4)-Fur- I
sir*! rma. ruite*. narle;' al»i nnfum:«hed. !
<I*.RP.OLTON. U.< Marjtev >\:. -i-;ijea Oate
ai» — 5-r.r.y crmer: well furc. rs-». A 3fn>a.
CLa~*IF!EI> ae*sjrtlse«a«sts ani sahscrlaejoaa
received at OVI - r *£-"h. cfice.no* F.il=i3r» st.
HT>r»T. IZ3 (Vtlted State* H.-t«l>— :>aa. Beat
roc ni» ;■ tl &» week s; : elevatsr day aad at^ht.
ELI.:?. f:« — Larre ecr.ny rrtcrz; suitable fcr 1
geatteosa; ever'ytc'.r.ff new. :
JOVRTH ST-^ — >>,** sunry rr=j, single and .
sr. sitite: r*aj»-rtt:e; rooi 2>rat:;a. j
FKANKLIN. n. iNewpcrt>— Nice soeay bay- i
*iic« r>.-tn.'fcr 3 ycun* men: also h.usekps;. j
i~ :~ N. ::?—r.ne larire slseptas; roots; rta-
r.:n^ water: ras: reat tS. '
C:LLE>rrE.' ::♦ X:atk-Well-*=ra^aed rocta*;
I ;*r» n. tl B week: rrers.. Jl 75; respectable. .
CRANn SOCTUEBN-eoctheast ecr. Seventh j
ar.d M:**!:a r;» —Sunny- r>;m#. en suite cr ;
t:r.«r'.e: ladles' parlcr; reaC:nc rxa: elevator.
HANCOCK H«;s«. 7*l Misaica— Select family I
roca.:n^ hTus*: ri S- to %i z*r week.
HaRRIET. t eff Howard, near S'.xta— Nk» !
f-.-.ny b^lrocm; K-.
IK "A ARD. TiJ-t* stinsj rooms: nl»ly far- i
~%. *-i: tvery en nveniertce: electric Ughta
BOWAItZ). »»— <"leas. respectable. IV to tl per
DiCht; ': a n ;rr week to S3; Hswari-st car
tt the <-:r.
i!-ALI^STER. 7tr^-J nice rocras f.rr h-us#-
kf»;;Rf; slso s'.nc'.e and suites: bath: caa,
M-Al--!. C TER. iV4— Larre' farni*h«d room: |
large r.^et: c»s; h't ani coil w»i«r: reat t*. .
511NNA **"T. c;r£»r dchtSr^Xewly furnished '
bsy-w.ndcw rocm, fl per week; transient.
?.K*v Arasctca.*mS Market— Nicely furaUhed;
»c- day .up; C week up: traasieat.
NINTH ft . TZt — funny bay-w:ndsw room; gas
atS u»* cf bath.
O'FAKKKLL. Jfc— Puncy fumi«he-l r»=i and
t rS-»-»; e.«-\atjr. e.ectrte urtt«; day. wk . mo. ;
IX»^ KLL. til. b»'-. O«n «aJ iv«t— N»c*»y
fumi^t♦a T.f-5.%; cenuesea .or£y.
RC^EUALE.' SI 'EIIU. ar. Tayior-lW rotas;
sst. a r.'.rht; t: a week*, tra'ntient.
r.OTAL Hcose,- ■; aa Ellis st.-:acar.^e».-*nt
lir!\ r»ai!n*;-rr>cih. Brr.:k»ne-rocav and ladles' 1
;*- - r Mas. per Btsrht. Be Is r.»*: we-k. n ,
• f- c Bta. I- to tii. elevator on 3fSoe fiocr;
.r- — • smh hrj. r-jj wite'r: .tatha.
SEVENTH. *.S2 .Oirard H-uir— 2 handsctn*
tunny rrrcer roctas' as efices. .
SITHRMAN Apartment Hrcse. R Etrhth st..
• r'ar Ma-krt-Furr.lsh-4. ar.l un^mlshed.
FIXTH. IV-Turaished rscms; tl E to C a
w»«k.- - " . '
THE Oaks 111 TV.rd-* rwvj r?>~m!n«- h-njse
■ ifTt"*-^- R HV3HE3. Proprietor.
TVRjC ;™— N:-e. fumishe-J front rooms. U and !
tt month: r'.zf.* room. J5. •
A BRANCH <if£<-e fcr Ca'l ad^^.'.seraents ar.J
■BBS rtptst nt has b*»r. established at the
ecrtfcw#»t WDM. Of Twenty-eeocad and Ke»-*.
tctkj «ts- Oaea tCl'i p. m.
A &n.kS>li ot)Sea fcr Can a.iv»rt!ermer.ti «".d '.
rs**?HT^i' IKs1 Ks has beea estailtthed at :;*♦ Va- I
:»-- 0 «♦ ■ ■
«OOMS \VA>TED.
WANTrT 1 — Reat fi:raJ«h>d of fir* or cfSce h-rari
u!:-,«v. •-. - v- % '*■' -'an' ;
ftCU'ISu~MAC*il l\L<i A> U MVI'LIKv
tT^rNTHLT. sold;!
aca-Mne sappDea. 14S Sixth, pb m M:nt 4J.
ALL kinds b-~:rht. »• '.?. exrhanc»3. reared: Te^
pa!r:r.# at t-»»et ra;e« T% -Fr^irth st_-
SPECIAL \OTICES.
noOVS paj«»d fr-ta tl: whitened, n np:
;alar.ns;.d-ee. ; Har»maa Psjr.t Co.. tl» Tt.irl.
MACBACE. vapcr.. e>-tri- tsl'hi. "PR-TT^ w"
RIEI L 13€ Eddy, fcr-a. at Huhlaad gprinra! j
SAD t»car.t» ejected f-r t4: crtl«>ct!eas made:
.cl'y rr PACTF!? CrnXECTION >X>.
«•• ■y-*re_T- *rr f... -r> — • '-.;■■ r»; ••■;■•.
STORAGE %M) \VARCHOr«KS.
Of.A Btanct "Warehouse. r^fiMiTHT^r^r.
T3 Mlwicn: roods sraaraate*:; teL Oay 2S.
Pl^•TNP^^Lra~itcTa»e^r.l Movinr C»!
<"'rS-». *r. P-e». cor. P.-w>:i: tel Mala ITU.
WATCH REPAIRING]
WATTTTEB erased' ?sc: rsarsntewi 1 y»art. i
TT* P.-t 7»w»;ry '■ ' Optical Co.. ■- K»aray.
ALAMEHA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL4MF.DA URAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN? ;- ;-, cj tm imprrr**-' • — ••- r~C
XI2C. N r.ie d HaSftt are., ar. 7th st . tBJ; :
lot 4*xlO. VIA. :ct 6CXIM. $GJ: Mxl 43. tSM: !
term*, cr will build to salt. J. H. TOUNQ.
1243 J»-« jt. " • ■ ' j
AL\V!| ROOMS (M) BOARD.
HOMj: fat lae>* : ra. e»Ucat*'h*arth.-'lar»e
■ trzjz.it ;n<»;> M.".5 I.H; FVNKE. 141« «th.
BERKELEY ADYERTISEMEXTS
liEnivtZlllV REAL ESTATE.
W r«>WN. r.J oecthr/.'a* taterestiiooßJf.ort-
afeM t : nxaa hou»e. .2 lots, a btoda ta Wsflno
aai strevtcars; n-«r ftiver»i'»^Tb'y-k '^= :
Urg> rac^ry. LgXN^TT. I>rke:«y .Vt^?
OO3TC ccttaree with ».>>ra im* r-ve— e-ts • 'a '
rENNRTT. na gtan^rdjj^ggkTi^nt'x ,
STOP psj:n« rest when jou. caa b«>- a -rood I
•i-trory h.^use. wrth-':t>aih, pantry *7dZ-J? •
frcia rllirwsd ' ttatica: schoclT- ehfflrSsl I
st'-res and electric cars, pr-.ee rs# l iiTiV*iiM
ca*.\. talazce tOTra*«hsyl boKtoSSniS?
« COed :r f atloa; take BsrISeF»aS?WS
JCINI:^ I^^ sZJF^^J^
A WErK"S-r.ews for I reets-The'We«»! T Ca'L
:« t^f>s :p wr»rr— . f r manias, f. per ye.r.'
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS^
OAKLAND ROOMS A\D BOARD.
LaP.GE rasay freat tay-wTndiw""ro« : rJ : ~'bcard
oettcral: tc»»saoae: references, nc Bru«h
1 rt . r.exr F^trteenta : c-rsirn. •
*U'N.VT rjecas. single, cr ea *=ite': board tear
rt—^w r»-r* !4r7 rrsr.klla rt.
00 ' * K LA STQ rr RX ITCR E FO " ~^AUg".
AN ictrodurtn a to >cv :r'= H. ?h«llh*a«| We
•*»«Jtai% «**i«r. Uta a&4 Franklia. OakUal. i
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOa BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
n»>-I HAVE for sale 10 -..."».•» whole;
this rroperty is wt-i tTX»: the cwner !s in
abtilut* distress fcr the want cf immediate
raada and .» sacrlflctac this property that
she may make an immediate *ale: the lou
ctmmanl a masalflcest view, within 45 min-
ute* «f the dty; ta* t railroad etatl:as within
t miautes' w»;k: rummc. water »tc. ; call and
ret fell particulars. J W. UTMa. 1 Hi
Market « .. S. F.. V. ♦•. E*.xtta St., Oaklacd.
' TO I»sj* — Z* acr»s n»ar Oakland en terms: 14
fmJt, bulldtncs. spnr.js. etc S.U-SBURT.
_^-* Srja-twar. Oakland.
DIVIDEND >OTICES.
! DI"VIDEND~Nctrc^. -Dividend No. 73 OS cenu
p«r share) cf the HotchUsson Bc#rar Planta-
tion Oosipisy w.;: t* payat-'.e at the cface. of
the com;^iny. rTT Market St., or. ar.d after
M'"'Nl>AY. November ij. UC-j. Transfer bocxs
w.:. close ca Tuesday. No-ember li. I^SS. at 3
■■r'cl.-ck p. c X H. SHELDON. >«:t'lslt7.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for n-'.l'.tary supplies), !! New
Mcatfocaery tt .. Soa Francis-xi. Cal.. N»-
v?n.t«?r li. ;*.-i — ?»i:-J jrjr>:*Als in tripli-
cate win be received here until 11 c"c:,x-k
a. m.. November T*. liri. and taea cper.ed.
for f-um.Jh.nr hmtehrts. rboreU. ax. ptckax.
I a>^ h«t;cr< a*lve». Baoeqolto h*ad r.ttt ar.d
tent pinf. Preierenc* w:ii be given tj ar-
! t'. -•'•"» cf doc:<t«tic production and manufa:-
tur-. eonditloßi of price and quality l-ing
I ■ e^ual Oactedlts; m the price of f ?re!j-n pr>-
d-jctsoc» the duty thereon) ar.d ra?h pre'er-
1 care r^vea to article* of Aner.can prodai-
tion ani n-ar.ufacture produrwd ea the Pacific
Ccast to the exient of the coasumpt: sn r«-
«u.red by the public »ervic« there. The
Vn:t*i ?tate» re»ervts the right to acrept cr
re;»ct any or all rri->po*als or ar.y part th-re-
[ of. Prcp»:*ais for d»l;-. cry at other points will
b- ent»rtaia»d Information and blank pro-
1 •.'■*»■- famishi^J 00 appllcatJon. Envelopes
! will be indorsed "Prcp.>»Als for MUitary sjr.-
rl:»«. No. 745t." and addr*»*e-l CA'.TAIN
OS<rAR F. LONG. Assistant Quartermaster.
Catted States Array. I>epct Quartermaster.
PRop<;'sAL6 f?r faml«aln« labar ani material
for ia>-in» ti!e f! *;rs '.= the railways of the
-n;i «or first) Boor and the s*o;al and third
fwcrs cf the Kt.ll ef Justice bciid.n*.
• Office of the C.erk cf the Board of Super-
visors of th* City and County cf San Fran-
c:*cot, NoT?r-.ter 14. l«5r».
la acccrlaace with Resolatloa N^ SSJ4
ff?«rth series) of the Beard ef ffeperrisors
K.al»d prrpcials -arill be r»-«ived in cp*n xs-
r>ra sf the UoarJ cf Sup*rvls;r» en Mrniiy
aftfrttca. N:v»r=ber fi. liS*. fr^a J to i:«
e'eicsk. fsr fmiishinx the labor ar.l materiil
far !a>ias; r.> floors la the hillways cf th»
main \cr f..-cr and the second sad third
flocrs cf tae Hall sf Juftire baili;n« lr» strict
acccrdance with the ;lan* and f peolfira:: ?ns
pr»;»r»i by M-«sr«. ?h»a & Shea, architects,
ar.d to b* »*ea at their office. Ni. .. M r.:-
ft=»ry street. San Francisco.
The work of censtructlia to b» dcae ia strict
accordance with the eatd plans and spec-.ica-
tleas and under the sapexTislaa of M««4rs.
£hea & Shea. archlt*?t».
E.ctt hours to ccrjititute a day's work for
all w.ritrrser. emplc-y**! uj>cn the work, and
the rr.inlrr.urr rate of *w? ta b* r*M oa said
wrrk to be two ■ t2> dcilars per day.
Bi !dera will estirrate *.nl ;".ate a ppic*n ic* for
which the entire wr-rk will be. perf rate-d to
the entire «a.ti*fac:i3a c: the architects.
M*«*r? =ye» &. ?hea.
The party to wh ;ra the ccetract mar be
awarded w::: be rvqulned prior to pr at the
time cf the execution cf said coatract. to pay
the c-c-ft of » lverti«'.r.* this B""t:ce in thre*
dally aewspap-rs and the resototton award-
ir* the ccatract la the official newspaper.
la crd»r to preserve uniformity mi t-> 'a-
er.itat* the awarl the board fca* resolve-i to
receive nj bids unless male cpoa blank (ires
jr-rared by the committee and a certified
chfk on seme bank ia the C.ty aad County
of Fan Fran-lsco fcr the rjra if five huadr-d
(W dfp.*,ted by the bl ider w:h
his rii »n.l made payat'.e ta the Cleric cf the
B^-ari of Suepi visors, that If th*
;rrp<-»«! t» acc*pte-i ar.l th? contract awarl-
ei. *-.i if she b! Iter shall fail cr nes;iect to
pay the prtntirr chanr^. execute the con-
tract as-1 r-ve t*:e r«iju!-»-l ty?ni within six
day* after the awarl is male. ther. and la
that case the sail *urn shall be paid Into the
C:ty and County Tr*fc»ury by said Clerk as
:.;•: lated damages fcr suah failure and
nrclert.
Blanks fcm!»fced hy the Cl.»rk.
The b-sarS r»*nti the rlcht to reject all
b!is :f the pHbllr r ■>! s« r*4Uire.
JNi A. nr.acKLJ^. Clerk.
- :%F.IAGE LICENSES!
licenses have been Issued as follows:
5>V3 ~- F:x and Ar.na L. Br-r.aan ZS-Ti
P-*-^-i*"K -»r.s#a and Lareaa Pattln... . 17-"1
FrarJK P. M:Keirr.aa ar.l gutle E. Ccnaty.!si-K
EIETKS— KAEPJAGES— .....
Elrth. marriare ar.l death a-n'.res sent by
mall will n-,t be instrted. Th»y must be hand»l
in at e:ti*r f tie publication effic^s and be
lai^rsed wtta tl -r name and rest^enc* <A v*r-
•ens kiL.*or.»»i to have t.-.e same iutllsied-
BC:.
MOWER-In Santa Cnz, November a. -J». to
UM *ife Georre H. M-.wer. a iiSKhter.
OCONNJR— In thui city. November 7 _*»». to
th« w. : . >f Qc.-nel.us O C;nn->r. twt a *.^ 9 .
MAB&IED
JOHNJSON—3ARRETT- Ia this city. Novem-
ber IC. WH. by the P.ev. William C P^nd.
C.yd* L> .'■ hns^a and '.".ara E. Garrett. bota
cf s*n Frar.crisctj.
DIED.
a'i-» Cathella Jor.es. Mary A.
Pr-n*ca. iU.ry F. J;r t en»»n Chrstlae
Burns. Comeuus Joe*. Ernaau»J
Bj»?;n«er. Ho«lna Lutx. Chir.»s
Carroit WliUaa E. Newman. «■:>,»
C-pan. Jc«e;h A. Oisen. Mane
Pffngim. Mabel A. P-Ursin. Lrrwis
Dcultoa. Mary Schmidt. H. W.
EV.-.eer. Radslah SUlwell. George W.
Graham. R >-crt 3. Stir.eman. W'il^a
Hk^trty. Annie Ew*ln. Susan
lUr.osc*. David C. W;:;iir^s. J,«epa
Kir.«c Tr..maa Wolf. Hannah
IJ.ber. Hans
At>AM»— ln this city. November li. 1*». Cath-
ella. daa«bt«r of the late Jan-.»s ani Matilda
Adam*, a native of San Francisco.
C^"FrlenJs and acquaintances are re«pect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
th s day tsviturJk} ). at 2 o'c;c<k. at her late
*-*:I^nce. lilfi Hyde street. Inttrmer.t pr.-
v*t^ — -
BRONSON— Ia this city. November 15, 1W at
her reaiden.ee. ISJ7 McAllister street. Mary F
Er&nsca. wife cf the late L>r. W. 5. Br!n«cn
daoxhter of Michael Huriey. ani s;rter of
Mr» K. E. Brcyan. a nativ* of Boston, Mats.
C7"Frie:ul* and ac^vaiatances are r^pect-
fu'.ly invite! to attend the funeral e»rilc»s
this day (ttturday). at 21 o'clock, at Sacred
Heart Church. FiUmcre street, aear Fell. In-
terrr^-nt private.
BURKS— ta this city. Nirrerrb*r 15. IIW, C«ra--
lius. be'.cv»-J husband cf Mary Burr*, father
cf John ani James Bums. Mrs. W. McMul-
lea *nl th* '.ate Chrtst^&her aad Jc^ Bar aa.
ar.d bretter cf J«si Burn*, a native cf Ire-
land. a:ed Vi years A member of Harmcny
L~i«e Ns> t. a. O. C. W.
C7Fr!'nii aad a<~;uaintaac»B are reffrrt-
fauy Invited to attend tie funeral this day
(Satu:d«y>. at i.3i o'clock. f.-;n» his late resi-
dence. 141 B-->yce street, off P.;int Lobos ave-
nue, thence to Haly Cress Church, where a
'■>=! re^ulera nrass will tr* celebrated for
the r»: :•• cf fcls scul. e-nramenclnr at »
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BVSSINGER-Ia this city. November 11. IS**.
Roslaa Bu*?ir.rer. a native of Praac*. a«e«
Q years • months and 1) days.
CT^'rvices and :st»rra*nt private,
CaRJIOLL— Ia th^ city. Ncvea-.ber 17. IS*J.
William E. ten cf John Carroll, a native of
Saa Francises, axed Si year*.
OOGAN— At rea. November •. ISJ». Jceeph A.
Or»a. beloved sea cf Bernard and Catherine
M. Coeraa. ar.3 brother cf Catherine. J ha
and Gertrude Cotran and Mr* Luxie Calder-
w»d. a native cf New Jervey. a^ed 2. years
ard 2 montha
C7 Friends and acquaintance* are reepect-
fuity Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1J o'clock. fr«a the Tuneral par-
Icrs of Janes McMaaus. Seventh and Castro
strerts. Oakland. laterment St. Mary's
Ometery. Oakland.
DOUGLASS— Ia Valleja. Novercb-r I*. i»M,
i:.' ■: Adair. eldest and beloved ;.:.-••.— of
C. A. and Ella r>?urlass. and sitter of Flora
E. aad Neola E. D^jur^***. a native of ?aa
Francisco. a«ed 5 year< S months and S days.
t7*Nctlce of funeral fc*reaft»r. Remains
at the parlors cf H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mu-
si ta str»*t.
DOI'LTON— Ia this city. November U. OM
M*rv Dou'.ton. b*!oved nether of Mr». H. M.
Haliw.a and Marraret. Thorns. Ma.r>- an 4
Rachel r>ou!too. a native of Merthyr Tydvil.
Scvth Wale*, ared €i years.
CT-Frienis and acquaintances are resj-ect-
fully invited to attend the fuaeral to-rac-rrow
(Sunda>). at I o'cl>:k. from her late re*l-
denc^ U*3 Ellis street. Interment Mt-unt
O'.'.vet Cemetery, by electric funeral car frora
Elrhteenta and Guerrero streets.
EniNGEJt-Ia West Berkeley. November 17.
'$<» Rudoljh. dearly belsvrd sea cf Mr. ar.d
Mrs C. B. Grass, aad bel:vcd trcther of Mrs
Ccarai Part«:». a native of New T;rk» ag«-d
J3 years 11 oocths ar.d i days. (New Tcrk
aad rhl'.adelrhl* papers pteare copy.)
CTFriendu and acquaintances are respect-
fal'.y nrt:fi>d that the fun^r^? tafc— plar-e
I.i.VRV J. GALLAtjHE I ? CJ..
jSsccessors to FUnaaraa C Ga!U?he~).
FVXERAL DXRECTORo AND EMBALMEUS.
X Fli.t ••... cppoelte linctla school.
Telrshos* Soata 10.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1899.
t*-mcrriw (Sunday), at I:s> o'clock, from
the undertaklns; parlor* of Valente. Mix.-:
A Co.. v:< ?tocktca strwt. thence to Odd
Fallow*/ Ceictt-ry.
GKAHAM- In Oakland. November 14. 153». R=b-
*rt shaw Oraiam. beloved father of icaa
Graham, a native cf Dumbsxtoe. Scctlaal,
»<♦>; 41 r-ars 11 months and ti day*. A sea-
ter of HarVr L*dr* No. ri. i. O. 0. F.
CrFr.e.ils ar.d ait;utlntans»s ar« res^ect-
fuily mvited tj attend the funeral MrrtcM
to-c:orr:w (Eacday). at 2 o'clock, at the hall
cf Harbvw Ltdee No. It!. I. O. O. F . ccmer
if Peralta and Seventh streets. V.'est Oak-
land, under whose auspices th« serves will
te conducted. Interment il-untain View
Cemetery.
: HAGERTT-In S-outh San Francisco. Nsv-rj-
tnr 17. li??, Aatie Ka«erty tnee R^slcamr).
dra.-:> b*lcved w:fe cf Charles Has»rty.
daushter cf th* Uxm Henry ani Christina
Rcakaop, and sister of Mrs. William Coyle.
Mrs. Jj?ej.h Hajerty.' Mrs. Frank Coyle and
H»nr>- and L»)ulia Roskamp, a native cf San
Fran Cisco. ace-J ts years. \j» Ar-feles pa-
pers p!^a*e copy.)
C7Frieads asd a>*qua!ntatyc«s are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-aiorrow
lEuaday). at i o'clc«:k. freni h*r late r- •= •
d-r.ce. 17:; Twelfth avenue, comer cf N
Street south, th*ncs to All Hallows' Church.
where a scitraa requiem nigh nia*s will be
celebraieU fcr the repo«e of her booL oom-
mea-:nr at 9:30 o'clock. Intenaeot H^ly
Cress Cemeterj-.
HANCC-rK— Entered Into I!fs Keraal. at Ph;>e-
nlx. Ant, Noven-.i:er 13. 15?r. Dartd C be-
• loved hesbaad cf Ida Sold* Hancock. »on of
Mrs. C. E HAncvxk. a-i brotbtr of Charles
~. ar.d Jrhn Hacc^k *r.l Mn>. Geors*
ChorcaUl. a native of Mystic Rlrer. Conn.
E7Friesdj are lnvite-d t> attend the funeral
sen-.ces t:-rr.-^rrcw (Sunday), at 3 c'clr-ci. .1'
hi* late .*•*:>-.-?. Jl4 Oak street. Interment
La'irei Hiil Cenetery.
i KAN>EN— In the City and Cmzty Ho«pltal.
! November Is. 1«:«». Thomas Hansea. a native
1 of Norway, ared £1 years.
j HVBE.R-Ia this city. November IT. lf». Hans,
beloved sen of Albert and Loulte Hober. a
native cf Saa Francisco, ar^d t years and *
; mc-nths.
'■ JOXKS— In this city. November li. :■•• Man
Aar. J.nej. b*i jved motiu-r cf Char>s H.
i Lar.e. and stater cf Esddri B- Vrt*!and. a
rativ* cf New Y;rk City, ic^d *t years and S
: moetts.
tyFrierjJs and a?<;-ja'.ruinr*s are re-p-ct-
I fully innted to attend the tur.rral to-ecrr*
CSondax). at 2 o'clock, from the pariirs of the
California Cndmaklas Company. *6 Pcw-n
str*n. aear Pc«t- Interment L&urel H:U
Cec-.etery.
JCRGMNSEN— In this city. November 17. 1535.
Chrstir.e Jor=?r.s*n. fc-=:oved sister cf Mrs.
J. Ja»:;rstn ar.*. Lawrence J?rgen«»n. a na-
tive of Deamark, aged 2i years 4 months ar.d
1) dan.
i JOSEJ— In this City. November 17. ISW.ET.AsaeI.
beloved husband cf Elr.llle J-.se. ani fith»r o*
L:. -11%. nrr.ar.ue! and Emll Jcse. a native cf
Germany. *z-i 34 year* ani 1 mccth. A
m»mb*r of Petaluma Lr'ise. U. A. O. D.
C7"Frleais and acquaintances are respect-
fully irvitri to attend the f-j.-!»ral t5-morrow
(Sunday^, at !♦:>'• o'clock, fr-m h:s lat- resi-
dence. liO Fatrrncuct street, between Chenery
I and Palmer, thenre by electric fun-ral car at
1 o ?l-ck to M"*jnt Olivet Cemetery.
j LVTI>~ la this r:ty. November 15. 1539. Charles.
b*'.3ve-« son cf Charles and T-^r— *■•» lJutx
; en-! trother r.f Mr*. E.iward KAffmann. Mr«
Charles C:~r«d and Jarob. Alam, Theod^rs.
M*rruer.t?e and Mar>- Lou, a native of
Grentrytaat. Khelr.jla'.t. Germany, a<ed U
yar* I m-nths ar.l 2t 'ays.
C7TrK-.i« ar.d a<-<;ualntances are respect-
fully iavJtrd ta attend the funeral this day
at » oc'.-wk. fr>m the rartors of
I'heo. D.erk?. ?i7 Mlosioa street, ther.ce to St.
T*re<a« Church. Nineteenth and Teaa«sst«
«:re-ts. Pctr-ro. where sesrices will be held
at ID o'clock. Interment Holy Crjes Ctrr.*-
t-r>-
NEWMAX— Ia Valleji. November U. I«>9. Ka-I-
mar: Nfwr.sn. b*: ->ve:l husband of Ernestine
Nrwrcsr.. and father of Mrs. K. Casner of
Valleio. Mr*. A. «-Mr>rr.An Of X Pa«o. Mr». F.
F.-srr.bers of Woodland. Julius Newman of
I New Tcrk and Alma ar.d G-crse Nrw—aa, a
native cf Gcrmuy, ate-l 73 yeirs.
C^Fr.ends are re«pe;tfuHy invited to at-
tend the funeral to-ncrr -w (Sosday). at the
'. i ■ o'clock train frcm Th.rd and Townw^l
streets. Interment KlSls of Eternity Cwne-
t-ry. whf-e »»r-.-lces will t-e held ia the mor-
tuary chapel.
, OL?EN— In Oak!and. November 15. lv? 3. Mari-
O.s*"s. wid"w cf the late J:hn C. Olsen. and
BSotber of Henry C. Ol»en. a native cf Schl's-
wiir-Holstetn. Germany. ac»d 77 years 1
racath and ll days.
tTFr.ends and acquaintances ar« r»*r*ct-
fu'.ty tnvjted to atter.J the rur.erv'. services
this day (Saturday), at 3 o'clock, at her
late residence. 17C Etertath iLlncOn) strict.
V.est Oakland. Interrr.ent Mouataia Vitw
Cem^terj'.
PETEXt:?ON— Ia Haywards. Ncvember 17. l»:->.
Ut-i Peter*^a. bdortd s^a cf Peter a.-.d
Ilary Pct*r*cn. a native of Derota. Alame>ia
Coosty. Cal.
CVFrlenls an* a^ualr.tar.ces are respect-
fully Invited tc arttr.d the funeral servic-s
t?-~.:rr;w «Fi=^ay>. at 1 Cc^K, at the
Ccn<r»raticr.al Charca. Hay»ar<is. Inter-
tr.ert L»sne Tree Cemetery.
I SCHMIDT— In Seattle. Wash.. Noverrb^r 17
IV/S. H. W.. beloved ton cf Mr* S. S--hm!.it
ani brother cf A. H. R. Sohaildt anJ Mn
M. F. I>nJ-r. a native of Nucau, Gertaany,
! arM ti rears and S months.
! BTTNHM.VN- Xa this city. November 17. VTA
William H. Stineraan. beloved fcusband cf
Lizzie StSneman. and trother cf the ls.te Peter
J. tf.nerr.an and Mrs J. W. Veadryca. a na-
tive rf Wtlming-tcn. IV!.. ac*d 4$ years.
STIL.WELL— In Oakland. November 17. IOS. at
the residence of his wn, Charles W. Stil-
wtll. i?) Tw»ntleth street. Geory* W. Stll-
well. fc*-lo%e<l father of H*r.ry C aad Charles
W. Stilwell ar.d Z**%:« M. Oi^wa. a native
ef R»*j:r-«;. Fa., aged 'Z years 11 menths ar.d
XI cays.
CTFMneral frcm Pi;ne*r Hall. ?aa Fran-
cl*-\ to-oerrow (fur.'ay). at 11:30 c'c'.c«:k.
Interment jr.vate. at San Rafael.
S"WArN— In tall city. N-sv»rr.b*r 17. l«r>. Susaa
fifiln. beloved aunt of William H. Byrne ar.4
W'li'.arr. J. McOlarftas, a natlv* of Ccunty
F^rr.-.irarh. Ir*!and. asred 77 years.
Z.7 Friends and acquaintances are re»p«ct-
fally invited to attend the funeral tomorrow
, (Sunday), at 1:» o'clock, from her late re*l-
ifae*. St 7 Fo'.som street. th«no» to St. Pit-
rifks Church for services. latemier.t Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
Ws%MAM.*-Xn this city. November 17. I^-^.
Tm- Williams, haiband cf Marraret Wil-
liam*, a native <-f Ccmwall. England. »_-i
1 CS y*>ars and 1 day.
C7 Friends ar* re*p*-:t^:!:y .... at-
tenl the fur.erU *erric*« to-morrow (Sunday)
at 2 o'cl-.-rk. at his late residence. Ell Taylor
»tre»t- Interment Mascaic Cemetery. Please
emit flcwers.
WC LT— Fneti Is are respertfally Invited ti b«
present at the erectlca of the monument la
ciem.ry of the late Hannah Waif, belcved
mother of Mr». C. S. Karri». Mrs. R. Cannon
and Kym. Emil. Louis. J.ha and Jennie
Wolf, at Hills of Et«rr.ily Cemetery, to-iaor-
r:-x • Sunday). 11:SJ o'clock train fr:m Third
ar. ; T.--»n«end ttr>*t».
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
CRAXD HOTEL.
C T Woodward. NT C A Caiapr-U. R Blnff
Mrs A Wilhcit * d. J C Baer. Fcrt Joae,
=tjckt>r. AY T Co:ilr.giwjrth Cal
•W L H-ileabeck A. w. W W Moom, Vacavii>
Stccktca Mrs W w Wor.hi-r
E strain. >an J-»e Stc-cktca
A b £**}}*■ Oula< U R B Bortaad. Martln*x
JA M:«h*vacca. XapsVJ n PaJi.x-k. Ar*-,.'--
J F Bab. .<k. U S N Mn W Oraci' p.£'"d
4- B ,, M y-,^ y ' 3**lll3 **1 11 - J S=:th - Stockton
W V :■: K-r.z.- A w. G Fux & w. Hea! 'sir*
Mmac-Uc a C Hill. Chlcar*
Mrs T W Whltehcose. >L F Brurser SsctO
..f^'j* 11 ' _ « ; E Basil. Lo'ra'ea F*sUl
M:*s R rY.c=, BeAly l!!«s Ba«::. Loiaea Fan
H Alexander, Tena T S L.)w». f ? A
J D I>asier.a. Stsckta F L Austin. Wat.iavl
L E Hunt. Berkeley W L Haurniranea, Cal
J Weil. Sar.f«r W p. St^t. Cal
Pike. Fresno F E Sharttey -. T
II •« Irvine. Alaska $ D Isaacs p&
G W Webb. York j Paoio, San Andreas
T P Stravm. Nome M Rcfcerteoa. Eaa Joee
T D Drew. C.rcle Cry p r-ay: 9 . La Gra-re
J J MrOrath. Circle Cy C, E K-nn-iy L "x.— T
Mrs E J Ward. PortM'B P Barker. L»ve-ri-^.
Mrs Griswcid. 8 Jose J Barker. LtveraW
C W Barrett. Freana WL> Pinkstoc. Aub-ra
Miss L Vorbe. Napa H B G-llls 4 » Trti!
H T Jones tt. w. Wai- Mrs W L LKand Cal
aut Creek Mrs Vf Jaoks. Montery
: L 3!rca Jr. Stocktoa C H Falrail. S:o«ktaa\
A Krabe. C. na
PALACE HOTEL.
B E Paris. Bcetoa '.v H Alexander. Omha
W W Hush. I'.SN T T WlUlaau Mara
Mrs V." 3 Dolan. Cal Mrs T T Wui^m." cil
J A Hittell. Chs^j M Green. Chtcara"
Mrs J A D.tteil. Chtjo J W Murphy. B:it?a
E Emery. M «<r*w O A Ircrs Lcs A-a
r> Evanov. afberia F W Klesei, Sacto
n X M.l'.er Jr. Wis L Stela Cal
L S^rensen. Corenhajra E F Prestsn. ...
0 H P Noyes. Japaa E F Talcott. Lee An*
H l>cyl«. Br»t Cotam Lt L S P.acker " S A
J X T Blak«:-y. U S N F A Bartlett. Caj
M L Ilia. R*4 31uff J T Exstiar.d. Cal
N Malern. I'BV a L Levlnikv rr a l
F 5 Dicktas-m. S T Mr Glaner. Lcadsa
J B Urplacott. L An« Mrs Oaj..er. l^cdoa
W Martm. Cal W M K-rkhoff Or°
J F Hayes. U S V J v," Keith Cal
AH- -NT Mrs J\v Keith. Cal
C RoctlediEe. Lond^a E W!llou«hbr *Chro
H B H > '*> Wash Mr* E WUloucabyT&s:
F H Bhert, Fresno r. S Churchill V»pV
Mr, FH Short. Cal Mr. E S Charrhlll
Mr» J W Cline. Lrodn B E Creea. Lo. Anjr
F V Gooch, London S O Thcrr.psca. - o * o
Mrs C H Dummett. P R Jarb.-* civ *
Lcedon Mrs P R Jarbo- Cal
G H wm*a Ohio Pa Etantcn L*Aiir
Mr. h a
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F Jofcnsca & w. Ba;t;> f.v B Carter Watwnrl
T R Joy * » Salinas Cart Ne^La. T?rtn?o
J F Barrca. Cclfax !j Mjtr^y. Mar>-v''le
H Williams. Sa Diero E Hl.ck. PcrUaaa
C H M«r<.Tartaey. L A E W.lEams fceatu.
W C Read. Ls Am A RossTbC fc *" U *
J W Dnnbar. OikUle | E Heller. Petaluaia
? Srt&o^SSnS? f &55&$£g»
1 $££: wVts^iHe ♦ *r™^ 6^t,a
What Hf S«id.
"I asked a fanner for a pumpkin when
j I was out In ihe country.
. "What did he fayr*
' "He fold. "Help yourself; I planted
i them to feed to cattle, anyhow.' "
RAILROADS BUYING REALTY
ANOTHER tig sale of real estate '.=.
the neighborhood of th« proposed
depot for the Santa Fe Company
was made this week ar.d, although
it is given ou: that the purchaser
intends to improve the property by the
erection of a - -.-.--• to cost
160,000 and retain possession of the same
as an inves:m»nt, the general belief
amor.g brokers is thtt the deai was mado
!n the '.merest of either the Santa Fe or
the Eouthera Pacific, as ha« been (he
case with a great mcjorlty of the recent
realty transfers In that locality during
the past few months. It Is a well-known
fact that the Santa Fe people have Lad
agents tjul'tiy at work ever slr.ee the uc- '
QUisition of the San Joaquln Valley Rail
road and the determination to build into
San Francisco gathering up all available
property fcr yard purposes. The South
ern Pacific Company has also been pur
suing a ".imiiar course and the supposi
tion is that it intends In the near future
:o extend its tracks to the water front
and remove its freight de-pot to a more
convenient location near the shipping ■ ■»
trlct. It is hardly too much to say that
very nearly every piece of property wuh
in naif a "dozen blocks of the .Santa Fe
depot site that ha* changed hands «.his
last spring and summer has passed into
the hands of either the Santa it or
Southern I'acif.c or will ultimately do so.
The sale above mentioned, uhlch is the.
largest re-ported for some time past, was
negotiated by Benjamin Guno & Co.. who
sold the entire block bounded by First,
Fremont, Brjant and Brannan streets. '<
to J. P. Lloyd for S22?.Cw. The stUex la j
the Pacinc Coast Company.
Thomas Mage* Jt Sons r.ave also sold I
a valuable piece of property not a great !
distance ir«.»m that same neighborhood. 1
being a ict on the west side of Sp^ar j
street. 137:6 feet south of Fo'.sorn. li"7:ix ]
270. The name cf the buyer and price j
jaid are withheld, but the new owner in- j
tends to trect a warehouse thereon and
when thU :s completed the investment
will represent an outlay of JVJ,'»3. In this j
connection # It may be noted that ware
houses ore to be erected on nearly every i
j.-;ece of property n«ar the water front I
that lias changed ownership dur.ng the
present year and also mat warehouses ;
are hardy for a. railroad to have. Sfagee ,
,v Son* have also sold ■ large lot on the '
north side of Broadway, near Octavia, at j
$225 per front foot.
Bovee, Toy & Svnntag have sold prop- :
?rty consisting of lot ka!2s, stores and
fiats on :he northeast corner of Fifte*i.th
and Howard streets for J. P. Lart:t:ue i
to the James Eva estate for i2UOQO. Tne
same nrm has also completed the sale ,
of 2100 icres of ranch property in So
noma County for fcO.Gu) and property :n j
Aiameda County valued at $25.v.0. I he
names of the buyer ar.d seller are with- !
held fcr the present.
Yon Khein «* Co. report that at the fa!e '•
of real estate held by them on ember ',
li the folio* in? bids were received, in
cluding sever*! pie-ces ordered sold by the
Probate Court, and therefore subject to
confirmation by ljtj X— Van Ness avenue.
lot SxiiA> feet. J..CO; 1 to S Cohen place. i
off Ellis street, west cf Leavenworta. lot |
.--.\'--. $12.i.«J; 13i>7 Haycj sirt-et. west of !
D*visad*ro. lot 2xT5 feet. XZTS'r, 1524 and '
1^.6 Lexivenwcrth street and 1131 Broad- '•■
way. referee sal*: lT.^ Pine street, south- i
ea_=t corner of Gough. lot ZSxil^t, lrreg- '■
tilar, titZS; 151-ILS Octav.a street, north- !
west corr.»r of Ko?e avenue, lot SjisT:^. |
JD.230; _.' California street, east of
Pierce, lot 22:6x»T:6 feet. C3O: eleven lota
northwest corner of Twenty-nfth and I
Fountain streets. CIO; se-ven lots, west .
line of Noe .-treet. couth of Nineteenth, j
K3'«): 5x137.6 feet, couth line of Frederick
ktreet, ft«t of Cole. JISS: 1221 Guerrero !
strevt, south of Twenty-rifth. lot 2i:6x125 i
feet. J'V- 2Sv-vara. fronting Kearny.
Chestnut and Lombard streets. £•>•}; IHT ,
Vallejo street, east of Laguna, lot 22.»1x •
i:;.(>. SSBOO.
At the re-srular auction sale of real es
tate held by Easton. Eld rid re & Co. on
November 14 tr.* following bids were re
ceived: Lot 25xl2>>, on the northwest cor
ner of Castro and Fifteenth streets. SST «);
four fiats on Lsls street, between Twelfth
and Thirteenth, Folsom and Harrison.
4-};Sx.3, JOS. 1 , two Sats on the north side of
Fifteenth street. 106 ee«t e.f Nee. SxllS.
tyz-.>; residence on Pine srreet. 220 feot
we?t of Gough. 3-xI3T;6. C 225; lot 2Sxl» on
the west side of Flllmore street, 5>7 ffet
south of Buah. *. ■ two Ball and lot '
Z •xli2:s on the west side of Shotwell street,
155 feet north of Twenty-nrst. S33s>>: two
lots, each ZJxl.C.i, and one lot 2SxI3T:«. the
former on the west side of otanyan street.
.o feet north of Sullivan, and the latter on
the north side of Sullivan, 107:5 feet west
of Stanyan. 110*5: cottar© and lot +)xI2S:S
on tr.e west side of Bariiett street, l^i feet
r.orth of Twenty-third. 12ZA. The bids for
the last five named pieces have since been
accepted, and the other* are still under i
cortsifieration.
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co. sold the fol- i
lowing property at auction for account of I
the estate of Elijah Price, deceased, at a
probait sale held on November 14: Nos. .
962-SS2H Harrison street, northwest line, i
ES feet 5 inches northeast of Sixth; lot !
24^x*j feet; two f.ats cf rive rooms each;
rents $12 «*ach; sold for H'JoO. Nos. i
252S 1 * MlESlon street, east line. I*6 feet I
r.orth of Twenty-fifth; let 2ixli;- feet;
store and fiat of s!x rooms and bath;
rents, store Jls. Sat Jl?; sold for S3OOOL The
sales were made subject to the contirma
uon of the Probate Court.
Sol Get* & Bro. report the following re
cent sales: iixl •> on south line of H i
street. 52:5 feet east cf Ninth avenue, for i
IIS/); 23xli) oa west line of Ninth avenue,
S3 feet north of N Etreet. for $«X»; 25x120
en west line of Eleventh avenue. 275 fe«t
south of J street, for $800; >''xl2j on east
line of Twelfth avt-nue. li») feet south of '
Clement street, for tls-.«); 23X12 1 ) on west
Una of Eighteenth avenue. '-. : ••. south ■
ci J street, for JioO; 25x1'.0 on north line of
California street. l"A feet east of Twenty
third avenue, for JO.
David Bush, manager of the country l
land department of G. H. I'mbsen v Co.. i
reports the following recent sales: For
C. H. Westphal. lv) acres of general farm- '
ing land four miles from Sar.ta Rosa, for ;
rw»; John Evan to Major Johnson, :-»
acres of land known as the Hatch ranch. ''■
one mile from Napa on the Sonoma road ■
fcr Jl2i>jO. j
Mr. Bush has made the following leases:
From Mrs. H. Rudorfl to A. Morford, 70 '
acr*s vir.eyaj4-as4 orefeard— land r.ear I
Martinez, at J3>» per year; Posev & Am- I
bixse to \f. S. Cronk of San F"rancisco, '
510 acres of land near Bay Point station '
in Contra Costa County, for four years at !
5" • per year.
The amount of money loaned by th» i
savings banks, building associations and !
private capitalists on real estate security !
ourir.g the week endins November 11 was
liC^*). The total for the previous week
had been 1234.170. The leans of the sav
ings banks last week amounted to J127 *.'•)
«:- follows: Hibemia *;:.j-50, German
J3700. San FrariCisco Saving* L"r.!on 512.5;»,
Savings and Loan J73CO. Humboldt Jl7 SSO
Security JCS&.O and Mutual Ji&JO. The
loans of the buildin? associations amount
ed to $?27S ar.d tho«e of private capitalists •
to $l-0.155. The Security Savings made" a i
loan of i."Z.\'j at it*. All the loans by th« !
Hibernia and Mutual w^re at •». the for
mer Including one of JI4.C"» and one of
$'.. *.: Releases for the week were J: -+ -
45>). against J254.CC0 for the previous week
There was a very slight improvement
In buliding circles during the past week
aa Indicated by the number of contracts
recorded. The number of new contracts
filed was seven, and their aggregate value
was 542.C4. The largest contract was
that of William Wolf to 'William Helbing
to build four three-story houses on the*
r.orth side of Ellis «tre#t. <::« fe* t e a«t of
Octavia, for SZi.OM. The next largest
contract was that of the Kru? & Zimmer
man Malting Company with Hurve &
Hipperly. for additional store and ware- |
house and new malthouse on the south
west corner of Eirhteenth and Shotwell
streets, to co«t *40SS. William G:selman
contracted with J. F. Logan to exect a
cne-stcr>- frame building on the south
east corner of King and Fourth streets, to
coot SSSOa The, Olympic Club awarded a
contract to Bernard Dreyer to build a
frame handball court structure on Its
prtmtses for $3W. Emmett Dunn con
tracted with Marcus? &■ R»mmel to build
a two-itory elrht-room house on the east
line of Ninth avenue, SCO feet north of C
street, to cost $.*OO. William F. Miller
contracted with L. X. Fenn to build a.
one-story frame cottage on the south line
of Lake street. E7:« fe*t east of Twen
tieth avenue, to coet $1141 Mrs. M Gal
las;her contracted with T. H. Dunakln to
make alterations and additions for a two
story structure to contain stores and flats
above, on ' the •out west comer of
Twenty-third and Hampshire street*, to
cost JliCl.
The arm of R. Dunsmulr's Sons Com
pany has bought the property occupied by I
then under leasehold on the corner of !
Harrison and - -at streets for $300,000.
The sellers are Henry O. Goodman and
the estate of Samuel Hart, and therefore
the sale .< subject to confirmation by the i
Probate Court-
A deed has gone on record 1 of the sale
from the Adolph Satro e«tate. to the I
Putro Railroad Company, whese property. I
franchises, etc.. were recently bought by
the Butter Street Railway Company, of
the property consisting of lot, depot, etc. |
a: the western terminal of th» flr»t nazaed
railroad, tiie sale having- b««n coalnaed
by the Probate Court.
Henry P. Sonsiag. of Bovee, Toy &
Sonntag, has bought the vacant lot. Ti:i\.
137:6 fe«t. on the north side of Broadway.
215 fe«t east of Octav:a street, of Simon
Hochstadter, for JoiOO ... i will erect a
costly and strictly modern residence
thereon.
The work of modernizing the Moht
eomery block has b**n completed and
the building is now in Srst-class condi
tion in every respect.
Two fine Cats, coatln? no». have lust
b»en completed for Mr. Heinz on Van
N»-ss avenue, near Green street.
Mrs. A. Ear.!:... Is erecting a fine
residence at the corner 4 Van N- •« ave
nue ar.d Union streets to cost $+-•»■
James L. Flood is having plans prepare<3
for a fine residence on the Broadway lot
he recently purchased from James A.
Donahue. The^bullding on the lot. the
old Balfour house, is an elearant residence.
but Mr. Flood has ordered it sold and re
moved and he intends to erect a structure
even finer. Mr. Donahue Is also prepar
ing to erect a residence on the northeast
corner of Broadway and Flllmore ftreet,
which he intends shall be the ::.-.»»: in the
city.
RZAi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Atraha- Hall to Atra 11. Ha.::. let co » lie*
of Clay Rrttt. 157 :t V. cf Larictn, W IS br N
I*7 :*•*: « '*
-'•-•:. ti r--r.n to Mary L. Duns, let ca N Its*
cf Jack*cn street. *4:i'~» W of Lycn. W ICJ:I'-»
by N aT:S>i; r~'t.
Jcfca i: . Mary X. Damon to Al!ee Quina
(wife of Jin-.-s H.). let en N line of Fulton
*tr«et. 51:1 E of F«t arenu*. E 3 by X 1M;
no.
.-ixoa ns.r.:par. to Mary k.'.: car., lot »»a SE
corner of Maple «xi v..ay »treeu. 5 Z':i\ by
E *::«: ftft.
Marcus H. Hecht et al. to Hecbt Estate Ona
paay tcorpcratlca). lot oa SE corner cf Twea
ty-m:a »:.-e*t and San J -»»e avenu*. E Uiin%
6 i» s. n\v au. NE Msl. N Kit; al»o lot oa
SW Kraer of Army and Valencia ttreeta. 3
W :s■-». YV 120, v - I*. E -. . Precita Val>y
Leads; ill-, lot on NW ccm*r cf Army and
Valencia ftrttta, X Sl::v. NW rw. 6W iVT-,.
E U2.-tH. - S\ E iii:lS: also lots 3S to 4S. blocK
HZ. OS. & H. ■•.-;.:.}• outside Of
county; tIJ.
E#-:a'.* cf Mardalena Wlttsv-ier 'ty C. H.
KoehncXe, adwiiustralor) to J. Michel, lot on
a Zir.e cf Pacine street. IXl.t W of Montgomery,
W U by - in: I3i«.
William B. .... A. Mesiei to J*>ha B.
Harmon uruitee;. SC-%ara. l:t ITS <on NE cor
ner oX Pla* and Kearay stre^u. E 157.4 by S
U7:ff): also tt.re< d*eds of trust 10. -■-n to
EO-vara tot f.i. sarr.e; alfa yxaimtr la Sacra
a*ct» and all property la State of Cailf^rnia;
sia.cft.
CLarle* A. Grow (trustee) and Mary A- **•
-< to Miry Mealck (daajnt-r). tonSI ccr
-.-- cf Kaii ar-i T:=e -'•*■ E i» » by X
37 i: rift.
Mary A. Mesiik •■.--• 1». UnlTtnlty
Mcuad. bounded ty Felt.n. Cambridre. Sllli
rrir, and Oxfc-rd itreets: r".f.
iLL-7 il*-: x (d*uxhter) to Mary A- M«» -«
<nv:ihcr). Cora A. Bisse'.l (sister) (Hi* ->•_«.••
*am*. al*o lot ca NE corner cf PUit MM
Ksarny ■treeta. E O:S by ■• J7;«: r*.ft.
Alameda County.
John ca::acr.*r. and BrMm Rolla, ' '• of
Henry, to R.:b*rt J. Cailarfcia. lot ca S r.ne of
Railroad avenue (cr Seventh itreet). T.A E cf
Pcplar. E :>. - 104. W ZS. X 153:1 ito b«rr.nlcr.
t«:r.? Ut ;•. Mock 4K, S:;rn Tract Map t,
Ockiand; ;:..
J.hr. F. and Maria S. Dtnr»re:i to Abble J.
Hur.ter. let ca NW corner of AIIc? and E»T»nta
itre«u. N lrol r 0 by W TX, t«its let* .• ta -7.
block to. Oakiaad: 1.0.
Kichard Welier fty Thcma* £. BtHk: attor
ney) t'j A. S. Wcvltrtif •. let cs 3 line cf Four
teenth avenae. UE«f NE line of Ea*t Twen
.■-..■ E M. 6 145. w w, -. tKLH to
t*g-.nn:nr. be:n» the E » feet cf let . ca Map
cf fcrucn cf Hisaland Fi.-K. Eaj: Oakland;
»■•).
Joha D. and Elizabeth M. Jewett to John
Toun^. let ca 5 line of Ever.a Visti avenue. 11
■V" • f Fc'.ey rtre.t. W 3 ty 3 IX. b*lr.t; portion
cf let* 15 and H. block D. Alan:eda StaUca
Hcm-rste*d Tract. A!ur.eia: Xlt.
Char'.es an J Lurtnia F. Priws- to JuUuj Hol-
U*t*r. let ca E line cf Zf.ri itrcet. ISO S cf 3.
7i ty NS iJC. Tcwa cf Hay war i*. Eden
Tcwnahlp; tlO.
J--hr. E. Geary ar.d Georxe E. Grtsde!! to
Manuel O. de toura. let 1%. b!-<k M. Kr.-i
Tract adjac^it to sair.e. E^len Tow-«hlp: flO.
William D. Wnntter to Hone BuUd'.sr Com
rar.y cf &an Fra.r.ci»co <a corporation), lot oa
NW Iln* of Orar.jr- »tr*»t. Vj SW of M-rr:»-a
ptac*. sw X by NW to. b*lng the NE » feet
of let 40 ar.l SV.' 5 feet of lei 41. block B.
L*r.d* cf Oakland View Homestead. O&i'.anJ
$10.
ICait - H. Recht »t al. to Heeht E«s.t« Cesa
rany (a <r-rp-:«itior.> lot ca SW e-srn«r of
Twenty-«:xth ar.d Adeline *tre<»ts. 3 «:» br W
::• v". block (C. Oakland; also ;r pa la K!nrs
County; 110.
Stewart and Ella B. •■— to ••- .-
Crichton. lot ca SW line of Ea*t Eleventh
»tre*t. M SE cf Eic-th avenue. ?E IS by SW
ICO. t!r«k I*. Clinton. Ea»t «>ak!anl; $:».
H. V. and L. n Max?.»'l to F. A. L«»h. l^t
114. block P. Amended Map Teacners* Tract.
Berkeley; Jls-
A. S. Wof<lbridi:e to Thorsa* Bridge, lot en
SW Un« of G'.ea avenue. HI.X SE of •.^w-v.4
r:ad (Survey Xd $:*>. SE ML4S by SW no IS.
b*!nr lets n to I*. Bond Tract. Brooklyn Tawa
ahlp; 119.
Builders' Contracts.
Mark S>.»M-r. Mr) to J. H. McKay (ooa
tractcr). architects McDcura'.l Bros.— Altera
tions and addition*, except - — ■ - <3oor and
•ide ftn'.*h *:a!rs frens first to *ec>3nd story, en
trance ha"!, clazlnc. (aside C."sl«n In first story
t-> irake a thr^e-stcrr frame dwel'.ln*; on lot
cr; SW ccmer of Ooldea Gat* avenue aad L&
r-iria street. W l\A ty S 1»; KM
Mr». Bert>.a Brlttaa (owner) with 3. R. Mac-
Greyor (ccntractcr). architect A. W. Smith-
All wcrk. except ptuaibtar. pa!ntlr.«;. Iras Sx
rjres. shade*, n^antel* and fin « . hardware,
etc.. fcr a tws-«tDry »••.;- and basement frame
bulldtnr r a lot en NE cerr.er of Pa<» aad
Baker stre**s. N S ty E MOSH: SHU.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Pag© Ten.
-AN FRANCISCO PTOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
M rrJsj SeMloa.
B art—
V) Contra Costa Water II TS
45 Contra C"«t* Water " '•
I' Contra <■".■•:■•. Water - 77 124
ICO Equltab> Ga* „ - ;;-,
25 On-nea surar Co »-: M
» Market Street Rr C 114
I 1)I 1 ) cprinir Valley Water *T 23
ISAYICOrIt Powi«r IM
Afternoon S*««loa.
Board —
15Ccr.ua Cost* Water " €24
JO Gar: Powder Cxi 91 ro
IZ Glaat-I*o»-l»r Ota .i-..i.-. ...... i-.-SV-e*r
2 f . Giant Powder Con ■ »1 75
15) Giant Powder Cca Jl i? 4
to Hutchln»on Sugar Co T7 174
n Paauhau Sntar Co 22 J74
1> Oakland Gas 44 M
I<> Oakland Ga* 4* 75
> Market Street Ry OS
♦• S ;• Gaj * Electric U STrj
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Sen. jo.
B<-*r<3
t» Tidal Wart — — .......... 1 »
X Caribou - - - I If
•- Northfie'.d 7S
875 Barker Ranch 1 M
IWCer.tury OllCo TS
: 15 Enamrock Oil Co IS
Str*-t— ft
10O.£aa Jo*«!n O * DCS — m
WBvkß Ranei Oil Co 1 10
£00 Oakland O'.l A Gas Co . IS
Afteraooo S«s»ica.
Bo*rd—
«»T.4»1 War* y I X
JO Caribou "■ 11*
ICO Bueihorn Oil * T Co 4 CO
Century Otl Co 7$
Str««t—
ICO Ti-»: Ware J»
f/i Oakland 00 * Gaj 45
}» Shamrock Oil Co I »
MINING STOCK 3.
Koll<r«r'.r* irer« th« sales la th» fin Fracciico
Stock and Exchange Beard yeitsnUr:
Morrlnr S«stos.
♦•• a- -• is ::•) do lis
ICO B«st & Belcher 47; 404 Pctcwl ■
4M Chollar J5 » Sierra V- 14
j»CC» Va 145 SOW Sllrer Hill .... Os
' >») Crown Point U. tO Vr.!.n Cca S3
ICO Gould & Curry- 13 ICO <lo . 34
r» Mexlc&a 47 *•> T«!!ow Jacket., a
Ophlr . 1 l
a'---: - S'tstca.
MO Alt* it 100 M*x:c*a 45
X: As-ies I! XC do *i
I'O Be»t it Belcher Cl 100 Occidental U
10OC C * Va .1 «1« 1 ICOOpbtr 1 U
Crown Point.... 12» ** do 1 H
M Gould & Curry. 2/, lv) Pctoil ti
150 do ii *» Ser Belcher.... «7
IO» Hale * Nor » Eil SUrer Hill .... d
' 100 do » 99* Union Coo 8
i a»Jo«Uc« M VC Yellow Jacktt.. 21
Followtnr wer* th» <■•:*• '.= th« Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Mornlnr Eeavtea.
M* Andes M !S» da 4 
1» do 15i»0do ' ij
ft Belcher >. SCO Ophlr X 151,
4CO B*st & Belcher 47 i:» do lij
! ♦» d. *« ; m do IC7S
m do <« M do . 1 d
IWO Chol!ar -» •» do 1 U
tooccAVs. 1 «i «m pctott »
tM do. m:, SCO do jj
» do If «..« Savas* 14
>•» Crown Point.... 12 WO do 17
TCO Gou2d & Ccrry S3 ( KO Sierra Nerada. iS
»•* Hal* A Nor 17; »f« do U
»• do 1: SCO do 44
V* M»*ica« to «M Union Coo M
UOOdo 41:500 do. IS
Afternoon Saaatoß. !
KOAlta « ••>' Mcxie&a rI
3(« Ande« ll' 1* Ophlr 1 C7V, i
♦» Beit £ B«:-ber ¥. :« do 1 ;•> '
SO d: ♦»• 4M i-> It;:
10 do 41* ■ Or«ra4B ... 17 i
mo Bullion «7. m Potc«i .. » j
M Choliar :«, 6W --« Belcher .... C?
wccivi ici *» Silver Hi!! f3
1M <lo 1 *V< KQ •-»:.. II
•00 Crown P015:.... U{
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Frliay. Ncre=3b«r IT. 111 1 in.
B: i auk Btd. A«k
Alpha C 3 C-4 Kentuek * Cl
A!:* Cl a hniy WMhpn- — «
Andes 13 lS'Mexlcan W 51
Belcher . » II OctM-lental 12 1»
B*st- Jt Belcher 47 4« Ophlr .; . IUX SJ
Bullion  — Cl Overman 1* IS
C*J«^on;* ■• Cl Poto«l » 5i
CholUr 14 S £ara§e 1C 1.
Challens* Con. — 14 Sccrptca — '•!
Ccc*d»r.-e ... . CO 7) Sfg B*lcfcer ... « 07
CCA '•» I*s 1 tfl Sierra Serai*.. 45 47
Cca. :=ip*rt*i.. n :: Stiver HSU C 2C 3
Crowa Pctst... U Ul L.->ul» — '* ■
Exrh»<;ner — . «=t*r. lard 1 « — |
GcuM 4 Carrr. JJ »:Ernd!c*te — •■<
H.> A N:r.... Xi » Union Con ..... $S f7
Juli* — et.L'tah CS •
Just;^ a — :Tt!!)« jacket.. :a n i
THE CALL TALEXDAR.
Sortiab*?. ISM.
lo.illoTa. ! We TS.jrr.t5*. ! .
— i i 1"** —I'. 'itSSk I «'» Kson.
__ _ j M i i » . * v«/ ycryaaer i
T'~T ~T j r i ~t~ : "m" ! 11 ' •^n^t QQArtor
— — ■ -V Norexabertt.
ii | 11 u U U]C u | — — —
— : 1 — j — ' — o, ru:: Mom.
w
r
j_ttj_»_i
H
fftAf.Q-itrmr
Time Pz!i.
Br»n-b R~*- IMfMI Ottc*. V. B N . Mtp-
"- time ball ca the tower of the n»w r>rry
tclldlac «j iirojp#<l at exactly noon ta-4ay—
'. c.. at door of tk* li'.".h laeridlaa, or at I
o'clock p. m . Or««nwicli tin-.*.
C. O. CALKIN 9.
Lieutenant C?R:raa3i«T. V. B. N.. la chare*.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Chad and G«od»tle ■•irr»T-
Times and HfK&ti of Hlrn and Low
Waters It r •• Pclat. eairaace to -.-
Francises Bay. Pubiiahed by olflc'.al au
thority of Ha* Eup*rtnteadeat.
NOTB— The hire and lew Mai occur at
the city front <M:s>'.on-street wharf) abect
twenty-flrt minute* later than at F-.rt Point:
the helrfct <■• v. •- is the same at both places.
satyr: at n trwaa
1 - -«•• « ■
-- • 1
■ - - — • • *
v lTlm« !TTia«; IT".=*' nni
£ ' : n. " ■ rt. ■ l n. , — F-.
*'H W # ' lW| H w LW;
I ... O.ft 4.T! «'i J.i; U:l4j '4 C:U— l.l
II ...I l:«l 4.11 iv; i » 11:54 1.1 TlCC'—*.!
» ...I I-.UI 4.«( «:XS 1.1 11. 0 !.7 ! " -•«
Ft .... J:«: .... . ...... I.H— \J
l ... i:st| 4.1 <i? i : 1 Jriii ♦ * »:K •>.»
tJ ... * « 4.» >so J.C JIT 4.J n 'rt ».«
M ...I E:J11 S.O; U.-Ol ».», 4:» ».»' 13:45' 1.0
NOTE— In th» above expedition of dM tides
the early insrnlas; • '-i are riven ta the *'■
hari rotuiss and th* s-ue*e»ai»e • :-'.»• of th«
day !a the crder of occurrence »« t-> Urne. The
s*cor.d time c!a=aa rives th» teccnd tf*« ef
th» day. th« third : -• column the third t:!t
aod the last er rttht has! coltisn clv.« the
In*t t!!e ••-*'* exc*pt when there ar» but
ihrw ■ *■•• »* • ~ .»■ -•* occurs. . .-.* heights
riven ar- is adll'.lon ta the iw-.'.inji on ta*
f' * • ' »•» •
l"r.!t*d ?!»•.•» C Ml Survey chart*. except
when a ir.ir.-j* t'.ra (— ) precedes t»# beirht.
ir.l then •"•• mudmt riven U subtracted frora
the depth rtvta by the charts. Tfc« |M or
reference Is •- rr.»ar of the 1-wer l^w w~»ter«.
II
Steamer Movements. I
i
TO ARRIVE. I
Stpa=»r. | F- — j Due. )
A!h!oa far* Ness* 'Net. I'
Kw pwi 's»attle iNov. U
Brun*wlek ;Orefoa Pert* Nor. XI I
Oniat* Newport !Not. 1»
VTaUa \valla...»V!ctsr:a * Pnjrt Sound Nay. U
Pcmona jHurr.VJdt [Nor. H j
Titania Na.-.aimo ..'Nor. U .
Ar.au 'Cccs Cay xot. it 1
-- . Ctty...CT**?e-t Cltr 'Net. II
S-HJth Portlaai. C->r» Bar Nor. 'i !
"■ — -t :Hu=bo!dt 'Ntt. II '
■mh a Bant . I -Nor. U !
iTclea iPanama Nov. l» i
Mack«n*w '?•*«> Vr 1» !
Gra'-e Dollar.... 'Gray* Harbor Nov. 1}
Bristol .Dtp&rtur* Bar 'Not. O
Pita Rc«a San ' -t- N-t 2>
Braotr* |C->o« Bay [No*. IS
We lime* ~R 'Departure- Bay 'Not. 2")
TW.'.amev.e "Seattle Nov. tl
Newbarc Gray* Harbcr 'Ntt. 21
C»*Te:ar..l 'Seattle Nor. ti
San M*teo INanairsa |Nor. t>
State of Cai. Portland Not. XI
Cw*« Bay •;.■-<-• 'Not. a
Wajht»naw ...,'Taecsr.a "Nor. J3
*'— \-.:".\ [TMterta * Paret • :r.'. Not. tl
Point Arena !Pc!r.t Arer.a [Not. £
•- - m s»n Dt»r-» —.'Not. tl
North For* -H::rnb-t3t N^t. I«
Oa S*Bf CT.ina. and Japan ! Nor. IS
Columbia Prn'.xr.i Nor. X
>■•.--- r-~'.*r.l N-nr U
TO SAIL.
illliw i DcsttMtloa. j Sai'.t. I Pier.
Ccrcr^ . -a- Dlfto ■ (Nor. 1' 11 am Pltr '.:
San Joaa...jPais*cia iNor. IJ. l» ns PMSS
Pt. Ar*=x-. PotM a.-»-i f NcT. U. !pn Pl»r lj
C. Par-trr-a.^-a. Am'rira'N'jT. it .PMSS
rvwjc'.K* Rv Grmj» Harbor' Not. U. 5 psa 1 . ....... 1
We-ott Hurr.SoMt "Not. 1». I p»P!»r U |
Ntrth Fcrk Husboldt 'Not. 1». Its p<«r 1
Colucbia ..'Pcrt!aa4 Not. W. 1J an Pier 2«
- •»' \ .... 'Newport.. ..... 'Not. » • ara'Pi»r II
Arcat* "Coe» Bay 'Nov. 10. t» ass P*.»r U
Pomona ....'HsaboWt 'Nov.*). J prs ...
Far. Pe<Jro.. HuraS3!*t Ntt. ?V 4 pta P.-r I
Hcn-.er 'C-m Bxy I Not. JO. 12 ia P:ert>!
?a.T.r^ Hasibclit ! Nor. JO. 1» *rz P!tr 1 1
S«.r.-.A P.ona. Saa D>jo Nov. B. 11 am P.«r 11 ,
Walla Wall; A P«t M.i Nor. a. 13 ars Pier »
Or Pc.llar..'Orayf HwMr v v ;: « r»=!
N-wbur* ...Gran HarSir'Nw. t3. Sm 1
Cleveland .. Pujet S-3«ad..;Noir. n. 13 ars'Pier ?!
Ftate if Cai PcrtlanJ 'Not. Ji. U am PT#r J« i
Co&a Bay.-.'Newpcrt 'S<rr. U. » aia Pter 11 !
>'!?. Mam. Ch'.naAJapgnlNjr. C^ lncPM?^ I
Shipping inUUxgence.
ABRXVEXX
FrUay. Nor»=ib-T 1?.
st=r Ek So t Durran. <;»> - rrsta Cap*
Nca-.e. Tta Dutch Harbor 81 days.
Stair Ala=a*da, Vcn Ot*ws<ior». 3 dayi frsa
Svir.*7. via HcsohiZa < Axyt 7 '- . v.-i
Strsr a :-.-.». Jcrr«ss<:a. S day* from Smtt!«.
Etrar Co*73U2« P.:v*r Thcraj^oo. *>% dAjr« from
Grays Harbor.
Stcr C«nt«aalaL Ea*'.«. 1 4*jrt tpaa H?n>
lu'.a.
Br «h!p C*r=basltesa*Ui. Kes-UU. in d»r§
from Harsburr. *!* Nnro»»: » E* c IST *a: *
Sctr Ruby A Ccutlnt. Walton. 12 d*.ji £rca
Gr«.>> Harbor.
Schr 3u*xl=!. O!»«a. t ixy% Tram Caj;ir
Schr Berwick. Oatlln. » 4*Tt from Co-van*
RlT»r.
Schr ■•-•■» I>v« lyw « h««n frota Pots:
Schr "«-":i a. CkfMWMn. 1? Sm.j% from
B*BSSB * BSS3 * CLEARnD.
Frtdxy. rtfflb«r 17.
Etinr Prrttasil. Lcsiqslrt. ■- L . . --x-
Hi ".re a! & S*r Co.
Br kst Doric. s=slrh, Honcknng amd T:
i Sc3has&. via HcsolbJu: O A O 1 I Co.
Ncr star Te'.lai. PeJ»r»*a. Nr.cr. >: R
Dur.«n:G!r See* Co.
-'.■a - - la, Gllsor*. B«ara Rctaila: F ten
•t •
EUrk Rc«twr. Baiotik«. Sy!=*y: J 3 Moor*
A Cc.
SAILED
rrU*r. N*o*»raber 1?.
Stair Oip«y. L^UM. Sar.ta Cru*.
Stsir Pr<;ir. Entire. ■-•.• -
Stsr M \ml R*llly. »*»•• •
Stmr Queen. Jer»«a. Vtcieria and Port T^wtj
- *
A!l!aac*. Hartwic*. Mate.
i— El!J:a Tb--m»c«. TTMtrer. 3*attlt.
Stnr Lasror*. ErlMioiL .
Etnsr AyA v *-'..■*- HCf "• Portland.
Nor itrsr T<!!u«. P»4er»oa. Nar.aln3<>.
Pr «nsr IVr.e. *-.:t> Tckshaaa aa3 H-tr
k»ac. ■■ i Hoaotahi.
?h!p C»ateaaUL Marihal!. Hocctohj.
Br iMp Valkyrie. "••- Qa»*n»t
Fr it!? rarrp*. Mu!l*r. OrliMbr.
Bktn S O Wild»r. Jaelwrn. Hca^lalu.
Sehr Barbara Htmst«r. AsSsjks. Fort
B^.r Gtj!<»». mm. W>!!ara Harbor.
f»c*a- R*!lar.e*. Mdiv«r. .
gefcr Pacrancato. O-:cr»:. -nook Bar
Fchr John A. '«!«s»cb. Ecrelv
fiehr LUl«t>or.=e. lOM Gran Harbor
Schr V«*int«#» p-*..-- Cco« Bay.
TELEGR.\PHIC.
POINT LOBO9. Not IT. It ■ n- Wealth
clotty; wlad !TW relortty l» dfe* yn £££ '
SPOKEN.
Ttr itmr Cestean'.a!— N«t if. xsornizr Ho
rn:>i W?^' of FaralSoo IfUadj. £„,,
from CkMi Boeaa. tor Sab Fraactac*.
S«rt 25. -: l>« 9. »«W-«hl» TTm
J R-tch. from B-»- • -* fcr ilarlla- aa welL
MISCELLANBOC3.
LONDON^ :.>i;-rr bark Marl* Jioline..
UK, casiaftsi. •
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAT— Arrived Jfsrr: IMUB Emp4r«.
h*nc« Xpt 14. . • . • • .
liar be end X.t ' IT— Stair Arrat*. for B*a
rranc!»co. • . . •■
P»^RT GAMnLE-^ArrtTeJ No^ 17-B«ta KU
kltat. frcra li-^»o!uia. ■ • ■ .■
F»il*i Nov «chr Jtha D TalMnt. ' rka
rr».-.ri»co. . • •. •
POItT TOWNSEND— ArrITri Nor :»-Bt Writ
from Hcnolc'-a: asip Te««ai:te. frota
H3a;:u:u: Per fc*ri Ja;*a. frca Pert C*=i
fcK f;r GufcraQaii; • .
SSfl^KI" lt-tfctr Eadeavcr.. fcr .
ftJa^wM Art K<>r i: -. C3tta Eurtka.
NEVk^OKT •Sjh-AiTtVed Xoir IT— istair AUc«
E-*,E -*, : \"r hh * n! * frc:a Eu«ka
f 17— St=r TUlaaock.
\v££? ,I 7, I 7 Fork: Broawtck.
I?^r t '^**V'* >rl «d -B*ir. » fir fin Fraa
gJJJ^* 11 " *^J*MLfor s*a Pwlro »taa >
«f!.KTTI.E-AiTiv«l Not .H^Sca- Tt=« P
E*yard. from Car* Nca-; »car Nelli* Col*.
man. frca C*;e Noia« No* 17-Sl=r CtT c*
P."^nt* tram £ ""*^* T: JJ*r* Mll-U'eiS, froea
teffiS^S N~ r-«unr Nero.
SAN DIECK^-ArrlTfi Nir 17-Br it=r Car
xVw-^ tT ' - hh * EC * N<^ ; «V=?"fi*i'J«a. fnsa
ASrORIA-Arrtr»>J Nrr 17— Br «i! 3 Pert U>«
ran. frca Su.D!<n."
Ouulie Nov 17-Br *il? St Kaoch. frra Pa
r.a-.i • . ...
-« - Nov 17— nr.yttsr M-.=rtKut^»ii!r». far
Yokcharsa: G»r bur* NJct*. r^r. VMe«a«t3wa.
§AN PEDRO-Arriv«d Nir lt-Sktr Aar.!«
Lar«-n. frora Ta-rjraa; ■ »chr» B*rts* Dolbw
a=-1 Halcyon, froai. Eureka. .Not IS— Scar A It
Cae:<be!l. frcra Tacocia. • ••
Sa::-1 Nov 15— Schr Fans:* A4«>. for Grar«
Harbnr. Not 17-Strsr PJ»xU f-r ; Mar
tir. i tir . ! r —^-.' •' • .
EASTERN. PORT.
NORFOLK— CIeareS.. ib!j Ertklst it imml
for ilazr*. . . .-• ■ * . . *^'
FOREIOS PORTS.
HONOLI'LC— Arrived Not !•— Star Ala
ir.-<l*. from ts*da«jr. Br bark Dt»miiii ■«. frc=»
Ne*cart!e. An«. •. . '. .
_sa!!rt Not »-&; hr O M K*no«f. for I»:r:
• STL>NEt-In pert Oct \ tS— Br b«rk Ait —
l*r. f^r MooUslaS Br »hfp - .=-'-----♦. for
San FroarUro; Br bark- i— . * — -*•-«.'. r- fjr
Keaotata: Br- §hi? • tAsriar. th:? Sfcer^a-J
t4r » CrwtauntM. f-;r t-aa Fraanseo; fcark Sas
lr.cle. frr iicao^iht; »-«r» -- . » A iiur^-^. | r
?aa Franrif-r>A .vt*' N- *oa.«t>.
NEAVCASTLE— I^a*I:a* Oct SS-Br tvk sat
•--.•'-■• bark Al»x VeNttl. fh!?
Cu§fna. Br war '• Bliimnii. Br »h!p
Chas:r:cn. Br- th:p tVuaiaica. «a:y Ec ::;••. iir
«h!p Fcrthtaak. Br t«rk U»!ea Deaay. bkta
Wrr. r»r»:r.. for H-acfula;- Br this Art«:*e«.
Br thlp CrtUc Mor^r'fc. iir *n!p CSaa G-%ha.-a.
Er «Mp Oea«ra: Gortfiro, Fr t*rk ll*r.«. fcr
saa Francisco; • • •
C^-a--ter-<l ta !•*! at . NeWca*t:«— Br th!p A»
f4?e. ftr F*tj Francisco; Pr «h!» Claa Gal
bruth. for Ban Fraacitco: Br »hJp Druauss!-.
f^r sa.a Frarc-foo; p? fcark H<*:sfi#l2. r.-r Sxa
Fraortjc©: Dr »h!p Mayfl«ti. Br «fcip V ■•• i v ..
tar 3an-Fra.hc4»co; cmi »t:a Star cT I»*tcx:.
fcr Sin Fraac'-acU ' . • ' •
NANAXMO-ArrlT^d.'Nor W-Not »tr=r Tlti
da. for ?m- Fraa-i»c<x. : •. "..
c Pactolja. from tan
• • - -
... . • - --, -
■ ■ ' ■ ■ ■
•> v t t Br atup »»
• ■ -.
— *ai^-l Get »— etmr tWinurina,
R«!!^t Not li— Stc-.r A*Tmne«. fcr N»w Tartu
tONtON-eai!»2 Nor H— Xt*i is!p Ttc<:^ fof
San IMeri. ".. .
PANAMA-sail«.J O?t »-6t=r Colcn. tit 9*-i
Franc!»o. ' .
Arrive j N-r 1— Stair 9aa B!u. him '>m ».
ANTWERP— ArriT^S Nor IS— Dr at!p P*ra
•l2«. from Portland
m*rr%
OCEAN THA-.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
.. f ■
k^. . toaa»»n 1»«»« INtdvtf
¥T>r»^ wharf, =»n Frmnel««o:
1 vS-VTrS^. ' ' Fcr Ai*«"<taa porta. It a.
t*^>T^s?T^ «=»- Not - I T. it x:. n. TT.
tfV *^Vn D **- *• «a*a«* at ?»t:t>.
ri«2H T^l For Vtctertv Tim iwna>
I Ba^aWaßkl (B. c ' Pert T-*r.«--t 9—
ir^^^L.'-* *■ •'" • T»<~->"=t. Frer^tt. Aa-
' accrt** »-i New ***Tiatw
fWa»fi). 1) a ia.. Not. 1 *.
12. IT. 22. 27: De<>. 1 »1
eTrry eft»« 4«y ther»»ft»r: -h»nn at Sear.l*
to th!» cctnpany*s f.»»n»n for Alts'ca «r,l
0. N. Ry. : at Tae^.m* » N. P. Ry.: at Vaa-
. ccnver to C. P. Ft
For Eureka ruViVlt B*yl. I a m. N*r.
S. li. 11. SI. C «. I>*e. I. and erery flfh lay
thereafter.
For ?«-•• Cres, v-- — » . fas — maaav
«"arß<r». Pert Harf-rd '?».!» Lois Obt«o«>.
, Gavlotv Saata Barbara. Ventura. Ha»neJ3».
Fan Pedro. Ea*t ? :^- ?*Zr3 fir* Anx»!e«» a-i
Ne»T«rt. 1 a. ■ . Not. 4. TV XT H. 21 14. ■»
De*. ; and every f^tfrr* "* T •*■•—«*•«-
For Fan r»e». etrt-is* «"nly at Port War-
i fcrd rSan Lclt C,V.ti<y>. Santa Barbara. Port
1 Le« *-»•:• and R«d-rd-» ,«-.-.-. 11 a,
ra.. Net. 2. t 19 :« It a. 21 Mi Dec 4. *=I
ev»rr f-»crt^ •■ .v........ • '
-.-.-, V^rdalera Pa* Pan Jo« d«l
r»S>. Mitttltn. a •»•% L* Pa«. =»-•• Ra«»-
••» »-: Gnaytnas (Mez.). 13 a. ta.. RB«f ••*•
cr—ith.
Ft forther tnfannaUsa ebt*!n ectspajny's)
rcMer.
Toe c^rr-trtv '«— rv»» IM rirnt t» fhiao
withtrit r»»tV»;« •;<■•.!?•. *t**mar%» •an la?»«
t - • v ... - r
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 New i;?nt»;oer>
„-.,• «P»l»e« Ht?»T»..
GOODALL. I*»»'v« »• CO.. '"••- A»ta.
1? ilar>«t »• "an Fr»r»eta«?a,
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
•" DIFPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
P5P 5 O FL T ILj -A. IST ID
From «r*'«r-«tr»et Wnarf at I 1 a m
CmC *11 Flr.t Claaa I:c!-;!ir.r B».tl
IMIIL S5) S«.ofid Cla»« ar.i Meals.
ocLt'MPiA .: Nov. i>. a
ST^TK *^F CALIFORNIA...: Nov. 21
fh-rt L.a« to Wail* .VTalCa. F?okane. Batte.
Helena and all po«at» la " th» Tt<stth-*mU
nil -ii •. ■«»••■ a.l p^iats E*»t.
- C. VTARD. G*r.«»ral Ac«st.
«T» Market ••r»-_
GOODALL. PERKHC!* * CO .
Fspertntesdrats.
AMERICAN LINE.
rtV TOM. torrnxwrm*. LOSOCJI. FAII\
Ftor?!sf it Cb*rb'T:r«:. ww.Nwnd.
Frcm NVw Trrk Ev»r» WHr»*>ta7. » a. m.
Ft. Pi N"»t. . •'•?. I^rc'i r>«. II
Pt. L«:ls Nrr. a «=t. P«cl D»c TJ
St. Paal Dec. I New Tcr* Jaa. I
; RED STA^LtNE. ,
New YorV r.n f Antwerp.
Ft-tt. New v -. Every Wxtw-tay. 12 aam
Frienland Nov. • K»"«n»t n N»v. a
■•».-« .....Not. 15 NoeriUnd ......Dec. •
Westera!asJ ...Nor.' a »••'■».-.: Lac U
. EMPIRE LINE.
Seettle. 5». Vfchas!. Dawton C!?V.
Fcr '.;: tnfofraat.'B r*«ar4ta« fr»l»*t a- J
7 *»• vt» asrly to ■
INTTRNATT^NAL NAVIGATION (DMPANT.
10 M*n!r — st.. cr any of '• ac*ac+aa.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
6TEAMERS ILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
cer Df :-'.:«•- and Brannaa »tre*ts la a
for TOKOHAMA »-• HONGKONO. e\:::r.* tl
Kobe •?!:.,;•. Naca*aJ(l tad Bhascnai. an 4
ccncectias; at I! '««•'« with itnsMn f-r
Xadia. etc. No carf a received ca to*.-; «a day
ot ««:::-.r.
NIPPON-MARC **tur4ar. N-rr. ■
AMEHICA-VARr Tnar^Jay. Dec 21
HONGKONO-MARU Tuesday. Jan. It
VU Hocdahi.
R:n;n4-tr!p V:< •• at r»izr+i rat**. Fcr
fre!ch» ard '■— •» apply at Mmpar.T-1 oTlea,
ill Market street. ccrr»r F?rrt.
■ TT. H. AVT:RT. General A»-nt.
ajTri Jl'MlllaP " S a « — t* M -'a
g ,t^ liT »■ afc *« Auckland fsr Sydney
\i \V^ir.»*iiy. Nst. • 23.
wKf^mshn^ at « p. Nx «• A.atf.l*
rSr^lTlShins) TI >« 9 *• AUftratu
O^UD»aU- / •*' : f " r H iaihH
■ ■<^ r= --.- - May, D^. n,
m.
FaTcrlt* Line Itooad t># Wrrli. via •?»•»« •
Fa. .c«. New Zealand. Australia. India. Saea.
E&flaod. etc: M:. first cUsa.
kb.»r«tUtu»i *st», t>4 Msnt^ratri
Pi«f 7. Mt Pactfcc St F.f e,R» 0r»ct.321 Hrtrt St.
i —^ — .
CO&71O5IZ 0I!» IEALI TEI^SaTLAXTIQCB
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PAni3. .^.^^_
BaiUac every Tcarsday instead cf <?JT&
BatarJar. frta No*en:&c X. Uaf. at --»%<►«-?*
10 a. m .. from Pl^r 42. North -'•<'.
Morten it LA NOP.MANDIB. Not. •. LA
CASCOCNE. Not. 3; LA TOURAINE. Nor.
23: LA BRETAGNE. I>t«. T. F.r»:- *». to
Havre. l»" ml spwar!: J r*r cent re«!acti3a ea
round trip. Fecc&d-cliM t> Havre. UZ. 1 p«r
cent reduction m rwM trta. GENERAL
AGENCT FOR CNTTF.I> PTATES AND CANA-
DA, a Broadway •»!■: !»■•< r::JM!r.*;). New Totk.
3 F. FVOAZI * CO.. Pa-I2s Coast Amu a
Montt-rnjery ay».. Fan Francisco. . .
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS,
m U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
St«am«r ".Honiic* '.o."
V.ON.. "-«■» . Wed.; Tfc.n «n4 rat. at » 15
a. m.. 1-U. ♦*> p. ta tex. Thun. ni«at). Fri-
days, lr ■ rr. »ni • V Sundays, U' s: a. m.. I
a a. LAAdlitf and cf£ce. Miaaioa'atraat Dock.
Pier So. 1. Telasacn* Mala ME.
FARE ; „ ,, as-.
i si ■ ■sa*l*alam!ii»Jl i«' n|-ainiMTi>iii »^imii (m
1314
BUNCHES OF TAKERS
FOR EVERY POSITION
Ex-Registrar Biggy Wants to
Be Chief of Police.
Police Commissioner Alvord Mentioned for
Park Commissioner- -Educators to
Compose School Board.
THOSE lnduitriou place-hunters
whoso emissaries have crowded
Mayor Phelan's oSlcea each day
since election will In ail probability
turn up missing ».n. the clty'a pay
roll after • the appointment* have been
made. Tl»# Mayor and hi> managers have
:■•..!. :<_• p<-TOl-*j:iic:al announcement that this
year the oHice will Mek the man, and
*i< *plte ooniinry jru<*s*ing will Mirprib©
him v .';<:; It :..-. !s him. The rank and :.■■.
faithful party workers and tho*>e who
hunt political Jobs because they can live,
at nothing: *!*>*. will be r«.lt Rated to minor
positions if they .an placed at ail. Al
though it ha* bet- n announced, ttf ore that
civil service- is tw be the whole thlnjj, the
professionals are not yet willing to lulmlt
that Cact and" ar»? wasting a. lot of time
that would be crdl spent on prospective
. \.^j. :■:...•...:..- in devising way* and im t..-«
of ku:',.:.,; themselves on one or i.vj
t>th«-r of the numerouj uvpaxtmeuta or
commissions.
Ai ;
■
■
■
In connection with U>a Hoard of Public
Works, contemplated in the charter aa
the actual administrative body, thero are
SHORTER LINE
TO SACRAMENTO
Survey of the New Road
Completed.
Bpedal r>!*patch to The CalL
STOCICTON. Nov. 17.— The «un-' | for
the cew Stutkton and Sacriuncnto Rail
road reacli«xl tj:if ramento last evening.
The line uas ourrl<d to within a few
yards of this city limits at tho southeast
portion of the capital. Civil Engineer
Compton, who Is Jn charge of the w^rk.
returned :<>-aay and the camp will fol
low, arriving in this city inside of -about
two dajs.
"Wo ran through as pretty a country
r.- one i-ould think of," sold Mr. Comp
ton to-day. "We Sind the people receiving
the new road we!!, and do not anticipate
the l^ast trouble In gittlng rights of v:ay.
No. we have ::u way of fcettinß into Sac
ramento yet, but we have a reprrsenia
tlye, Mr. Harp: working on that end new.
We do not look for any inconvenience In.
having our re<ju< stsf granted. We can
r.Ot cay yet wh*T« our d«-i>ot will be In
Sa<ramor.to or in this city."
Mr. Common further s«Jd that the new
road would be ut least t>vo and a haJf or
thr«-e inlk-s bhorttr than the Soythern
l'aclflc lino to the capital. After leaving
New Ho;<» the Mokelumne : Klver Is
crossed Just below whoro it forks with
the Cogumne i.lvcr... This gives a good
crnKslnK, vith two email ppans and sev
*ral hundred feet of trestle over the low
lands between the two urcanjs.
Engineer Compton said to-day that as
roon as the surveying outflt reached
Stockton inothor. line would be run in
this county, but not In Sacramento Coun
ty at present. Thl*. will probably be next
Monday or Tuesday.
CLOUDS ARE DRIFTING.
The Weather Reports Foretell a Con
siderable Period of Sunshine.
Snowstorms have •;«:-••.! in the moun
tains and the weather reports from all
over th«* State Fhow a Ker.eral clearing up '
coterpt In the hection of Ixi» A:.»:-!.-.i and
Santa iJorhara, where the skies elill
threaten to trlve more rain.
The raJnfall this year has been most
ratlxfactory. raiiKlnß- In dlflVront parts of
the Htatu lrom three to seven times the
quantity of water that had fallen In the
ram* pkvre* at this time la.«t year. •
The skUs over San Friuicisco • were
brlcht and sunny all day. and thla, taken
with the hlch barometer (3'J.fKi) nnd the
low temperature tf.l) pives every promlne
*>f a number of dayß of iii.c weather. The
report* of Sa.n Francisco will answer very
well for nil. the other bounties except
those «»f the .middle oinuh. where there
»n*y be one cr two FlSpht rhowrrs before
t!i© weutli^r iMMjom^R settled.
SMUGGLED SILKS.
A Large Qiui /ed on Board
tie Whaler Belvedere.
'■ ■ fmm
■
■
V
<-r* is
Admirers of Dewey
Ana of our other MRMi on land ond ••-» will
•Jl mar.t to »end tm 2-*vnt BUuniw to Malt-
Nutrlne r*j)t.. ui»«r-lJu»<-h Brewing An.-
BL J* 1:1-. U. H. A..- fnr & paak of Uit'.r new
und tujnrb D'.iiylnc cards. Lwwry. Kln« of
Hvaru; Schify. King of Diamond*, etc
» ♦ ■
Candidates' Expanses.
Pworn statements of the expenditures
of candidates prior to the last election, as
required by the purity of election laws,
Sim- beginning to flow in to the County
\ . " ° fl3c *- Four were filed yesterday.
aver Everett, candidate for Public aA-'
ranus mentioned that will not
: }■". \v. Dohnnann and
nsky. it : , -Tatlvo
that • civil tu
ird, ami Gransky Is
the i i. Isfac
•: the pui-
Clneera
■
Colonel Thomas F. Harry has announced
that he will not accept the deputyship
tendered him by iMstnct Attorney Lewis
r. Hyinjrton and that ofllcial has decided
upon Livingston Jenks in his stead. As
si-mblyman James M. Hanley. who made
an excellent record at the last •ton of
the Legislature, Is slated for one of the
court appointment*, .'us also axe R. V.
WhitinK and J. J. Greeley. A. W. Thomp
son, who was yesterday paid to be Plated
as one of the Civil Srrvlce Commission
ers, will In all likelihood Just miss potting
that Job. as it is *aid by the Mayor's »up
porters that he has not been in the party
loiik enough to have won that distinction
and reward. It Is also said that A. S. Halli
dte and Joseph Urltton. who played
"hookey" from the Republican party dur-
It:k the campaign, and when sought for
w«-re found whooping: It up In th« Phelan
camp, will be rewarded with well-earned
political obscurity.
For Board of Education appointments
there are almost as many candidates us
there are principals In the depaxtmet.t.
President Jlergcrot has been laying his
wlr*»s for six months payt. and has at
every opportunity played as close to the
Mayor and his political connections as he
oould get. There are thnse. however,
who consider that he has played too close
to suit Phelan's new ideas, and they are
prone to believe that the board will ».<»
made up from among practical educators
of lor.p standing in the city's schools.
Among those who are mentioned are Pro
fessor Joseph O'Connor of the Mission
Hlfyh Fohool, James Denmnn and Pro
fessor G. F. A. Herbst of the Cosmopol
itan Grammar. C. W. Mark, the present
assistant superintendent, would also like
to break In. but It is paid that tho first
named will have the call.
The chances that Charles Wesley Reed
will be chosen as chairman of the Finance
O<»minittt-e of the Hoard of Supervisors
aro about one In a preat many. The con
servative members of the brvard— and
there ar* many of them — obiect to the
torchlight campaign he Is making: for the
place. Oomte, who has also been men
tioned, does not want tho position, and
has said 50. and th«n» Is a strong Incli
nation on his part and that of many of
the others of trie, board to ask either —
peph Tobln or H. I". Urandonsteln to ac
cept the leadership. ■;.-... not
as y*»t be««n consulted upon the matt
nor for that matter has Mr Brande
who. althoueh he would not make a flpht
for it. Is willing to accept If there bo no
pronounced opposition.
mlnistrator. modestly places his expendi
tures at $1 50. contributed to th»» eampaipn
fund of the Socialist Labor party: A. P
Hlaek. Republican candidate for District
Attorney, schedules his expenses at $424;
John Liickmar.n, Sheriff-elect, at JT2S SO,
and I. J. Truman, candidate for Super
vifcor. at 1120.
HERO BLONDEL GETS THE HA, HA,
FROM THE GIRL HE LEFT BEHIND
MAT COLS, a blonde young
woman with high cheek bones,
was in the Police Court yester
day morning to admit that aha
had broken the heart of a hero. His
name is William Blondel and he Is out
now somewhere on theboundmgbosom
of the broad Paciilc greasing the ma
chinery of the transport Senator,
plowing its way to the I'hillpplnes'.'
Miss Cole turns absolutely cerise in
the faco when she speaks of him and
proclaims loudly that sho don't care
If he never comes back!
William Blondel was not a hero
wh«-n he first met Mles Cola. Ho was
only an oiler on tho battleship Oregon
before the pride of San Francisco
made bar famous run around the
Horn to adnHnTsTcr llie^ coup to Cer^
vera'l fleet. He was not a hero, but
he had the makings of one In him.
as hubsequent events showed. Ho had"
a big heart in him. however, and it
went out to Miss Cole, who. freph
from- Santa Rosa, had the bloom of a
pf-ach on her cheeks.
Blondel had small time for court
ship, for the very next day after he
had met his ideal orders came for the
Oregon to sail. To another man in
love this would have b*-en a grievous
blow, but, being a follower of the
B*a. his ardor was of the rapid-fire
order and Miss Cole capitulated—
that la, ehe admitted that he was
pr, distinctly the whole thing with her
that she would consent to draw and
use on herself half of his salary dur
ing his absence. Blonde) wrote her
out an order to that effect and, with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 18. 1599.
"FAKE" DOCTOR WHO
ROBBED HIS PATIENTS
FFL^N'CISCO TOPETI. a "fako" doc
tor, in dow !:. the City rnpin ow
ing to the detective ability dls
played by Ju . who is
one of his victim;*. Topetl will
have two charges of grand larceny riK
1 airainst him this morn".
"Dr." Topetl has been attending the
Judge for nervousness and surrf-eded in
c; the Juii.. Lence. Tho .
petl \\ ednesday and t
handi. In doing so Topeti's cuff w .
re was something familiar
to the Judpe in the diamond cufl button.
After parting from Toi>eti the Judgi
■ ! that his dla
• ::? and gold watch were
he lnu lately nutliled the
; ft of his a -^picions.
Mrs. Coughlln, TJ4 Montgomery street.
ADDICTED TO MORPHTJTE.
Dr. George Stockwell Charged With
Stealing Instruments to Sat
isfy His Craving.
Dr. Georpe Stockwell. a tall, powerfully
built man. was booked at the City Prison
yesterday morning by Detectives Harper
and Sullivan on five charges of petty lar
ceny, the complaining witness Seine Dr.
A. Ridley. Parrott build i
Stockwell was employed by Dr. Ridley
an assistant, and it is alleged that he
pawned several of his Instrument! and
utilized the proceeds to satisfy his cra.T
a heart torn by the cruel fate that
separated him from his dearie, he
took up his station In the Oregon's
engine-room as she headed out the
Gate. The pangs of parting were
soon Hucceeded by anticipations of
the oodles of letters he was to receive
from Miss Cole at various Atlantic
ports.
The records at the Navy Pay Office
In thin city show that Miss Cole re
ligiously drew down six monthly
shares of Blondel's salary while ne
was oiling the wheels of war around
the Horn and Into the thick of the
battle off Santiago. The records of
the PoatoAea do not show that the
girl he left behind him wrote more
th*« >m« of th« TTodie of letten she
had promised. After tho cruel war
waa over the Impassioned olier wrote
a letter to his San Francisco girl chid
ing her on the midden development of
pen paralysis. Whether she answered
that letter or not Blondel received no
reply, as the Oregon was almost im
mediately ordered to Manila. At that
port. m time having expired, the
oiler was honorably discharged and
paid off. minus the half of hln sal
ary drawn by Miss Cole. Still his
heart was true to May and he took
the first ship home after a short
•"hopping tour at Hongkong, where
be purchased nome beautiful china
and two gorgeous silk-border^ d ban
ners for the girl he loved.
Blondel had not been in San Fran
cisco two hours when he discovered
that his heart's delight was and had
been for a lon* time spoons on an
was also a patient of Topeti, and she had
reported to the police that within the past
three weeki tome one had stolen from hor
piano, where the had them hidden, a
hunting-case jcold watch, nock chain and
locket, a diamond pin, a rlnp Mt with
rubles and diamonds, four pairs of sllvfr
bracelets -and a *old brooch let with par
nets. Detectives Wren and ICcMahon had
been detailed on the cose, and they con
cluded that Topeti was the thief. They
ted him yesterday afternoon, and
Marched at the City Prison pawn
- for the article* stolen from Mrs.
Coufhlin were found in his pockets. Mo
baa yet been found of the Judge's
diamond cuff buttons and gold watch.
Topeti has a record. August 2. 1897, he
was sentenced in San r>i«»K.> to two and a
half years In San Quentiis on a charse of
bigamy, and was released in August last.
ing for morphine, as he is addicted to the
habit.
He had been detained in "th« tanks" all
nlßht. and as he knew he could not cet
morphine in th« prison he Implored De
tective Sullivan to get him a package of
cigarettes, ns they might have a soothing
effect upon his nerves.
Information wanted of runaway boy
from Gllroy. 14 yean old, about 5 feet 2
Inches, dark Complexion, black lialr, black
•>•-• eyel ■ ■ iw; wears a dark
lr..\\n suit, light-blue woolen shirt and
ll*rht felt hat. I'aik mark of an anchor
on left wrist. His name. Jean Edward*. •
othw fellow. Miss Cole tried to "<rlve
him work," a* they say. and get him
Hay second fiddle, but he
could not see It that way. He wanted
to be the only cherub and so told
her. intimating that he would store
the presents he had Intended for her
uritll such time ,-ih she came to her
senses. He took a room In the
MOM Ninth street lodging-house and
ptored the love tokens therein. Dur
ing his ahs.nce Miss Cole Informed
the landlord that Blondel had made
her presents of the Roods and she was
allowed to remove them. When Rlon
<l> 1 discovered thHr loss he made a
protect and sought to induce the
Yang woman to return them. She
refused, telling him he was a cheap
man. unworthy of her love.
Blondel consulted an attorney and
got out a search warrant. The china
■etfl were taken to the police prop
erty-room, l.ut Miss Cole refused to
Rive up the tickets for the banners
she had pawned and was haled into
COOrt Then came delays arid Blon
del's heart, already sickened by the
Mow administered by the girl, broke.
He could not face the ordeai of prose
cuting her. He secured a place aa
oiler on the Senator and sailed on her
to Manila. When the caae came up
yesterday before Judge Treadwell his
Honor, In the absence of a prosecut
ing witness, adjudged the gift* to
-Miss Cole on the ground that, hav
ing loved the oiler sufficiently to draw
and spend half his pay. she had loved
him sufficiently to entitle her to the
balance of the plunder.
PLUNDERED THE
DEAD AT THE
PUBLIC MORGUE
Scandals About the
Coroner.
EVIDENCE IS ACCUMULATING
ELECTRIC COMPANY EMPLOYES
TELL WHAT THEY KNOW.
State That a Watch Was Stolen From
Body of L. C. Starr While Re
mains Were in Coroner's
Charge.
Storm clouds and scandals are gather-
Ing with imuHual rapidity around Coroner
Hill and his ofllce. The notorious lack of
respect shown by the- Coroner to the un
fortunate dead who fall Into his clutches
Is the leabt of the offenses that are
charged against him. Stork's rellecttng
on his management of the public enamel
house are accumulating dally, and each
(succeeding tale adds force to tlm Impres
sion of the community that the conduct
of the Morgue was never before bo dis
graceful and disgusting. It would appear
that a human vulture had fattened and
thrived by plundering the bodies of the
unfortunates whose remain! found a rest-
Ing place on the Morgue slabs.
Employes of the General Electric Com
pany are the latest to contribute their
testimony against the Coroner, and they
boldly and bravely stand ready to sub
stantiate all that they charge. In a bust
ness of the kind In which these men are
engaged there Is more than tin average
number ol accidental deaths, and us a
consequence they have had man) oppor
tunities of observing the methods em
ployed by Coroner tillL Their greatest
indignation arises from the mysterious
manner in which the bodies of a number
of their fellow workmen who met violent
deaths have been plundered while they
were In charge of the Coroner. Watches,
jewelry, money ami even clothing have
been taken from the dci*], according to
the- statements of the electrical company's
employes.
One case In particular In which the
workmen are extremely bitter is that of
l>. C. Starr, who was electrocuted by a
live Wire last March. Shortly before he
met with the accident that resulted in
his death one of his companions asked
him the time of day. He produced an ele
gant gold watch and chain, which at
tracted attention at the time on account
of its beauty, and was commented upon
by those who saw it. While his body was
lying in the store of ClutT Brothers await
ing the arrival of the Morgue wagon live
of his fellow workmen noticed the watch
again and remarked about it. Th«y state
with itositlveneiM that it was on •:■ body
when the Coroner took possession of the
remains. That li the last any of the dead
man's friends or relatives have seen of it.
The day following the accident they
went to the Morgue to arrange for the
funeral and take possession of the man's
property. The watch was gone, and not
a trinket of value remained on the body.
They made Inquiries and were referred
to a burly deputy, who cut their conver
sation short by the statement that there
was no watch on the remains at that
time, and wanted to know what the
friends of Starr proposed to do about It.
Many other cases of a similar nature
have been reported and all are equally
revolting. It Is predicted that if Coroner
Hill keeps up his record until the end of
his term he will go out of oflice the most
disgraced and most disgraceful man that
ever fattened at the public expense on
the San Francisco Morgue.
A committee of the Grand Jury, consist
inK of John I. Wolf and Pierre Drydenl.
visited the Morgue yesterday to investi
gate the Coroner's office. The Jurors ex
amined the books of the institution and
found them to be kopt as they have been
by former Coroners.
Juror Drydoni said that he had not been
ordered to make an investigation. He
said be was chairman of the committee
that looked after the Morgue, and as *
number of complaints had been made h.
wanted to know the condition of affairs
as they existed. Ho expects th*» Grand
Jury to make a demand on him for a re
port on tho matter. Tho Jurors left the
Morgue without serins Coroner mil or
Dr. Zahala, The complaints of the under
takers will be taken up by tho Grand
Jury In a body. *
EXCURSIONS TO WASHINGTON.
Instructive, Entertaining, Refined,
Comfortable and Not Expensive.
Sunset personally conducted excur
sions take you East by South three
times a week, leaving San Francisco
Mondays, Wednesdays ami !
Ix>B Angeles Tuesdays, Thur. ;.- and
Saturdays.
If you have not h.-on through the
South In autumn you have a world y.-t
to see. painted in many colors, different
from the North, different from th
and wonderfully interesting
The equipment consists of the new
"ordinary" sixteen-section sleepers,
broad vestibule, upholstered high-back
seats, rosewood llnish, I'intsch gas,
broad windows, with roller curtains,
six-wheel trucks with steel tired paper
wheels. Charge for accommodations is
the K;un»- aa in the old-style ■leepen
that la, $7 f<>r double berth to Washing
t< n or $h for a section.
These excursion* are personally con
ducted by experienced men who have
made the trip scores of times and know
every point of Interest, erery connec
tion and every station, and whose en
tire duty is to look after the welfare Iff
the passengers, especially ladies and
children traveling without .-pert, and
make th»» journey comfortable. Lowesi
priced tickets are accepted as well as
others, and Stopovers are allowed 00
any of those to Washington for a period
of ten days or less.
In planning your trip East remember
that this Is th>- only excursion operating
Hlffprrs Into the national capital. Ar
riving in Washington in the evening,
no extra charge Is made for remaining
In car over night, and the next day or
longer If desired may be profitably used,
in viewing the sights of the city, and
the Journey concluded at convenience
to destination beyonft.
For further information write or call
upon J. M. Beall, Pacific Coast Passen
ger Agent Piedmont Air Line. 621 Mar
ket street. San Francisco, or A. It Bar*
num. Wllcnx building. Los Angfles. or
any Agent Southern Pacific Company.
"TOUGHS" ROUNDED UP.
The Hold-Up on Vnlencia Street Has
Aroused Activity in Police
Circles.
— A* Instruct*^ by Chief T>etectlvea
Ryan and ODea rounded up seven sus
plclous characters Thursday night In the
Mission and southern districts, as it was
inspected they might have been con
cerned in the hold-up of William Rusk
and John Morrlssey of the Alhambra
Theater on Valencia street early Wednes
day morning.
Rusk and Morrissey had a look at them
in the City Prison yesterday morning, but
were satisfied none of them had anything
to do with th.- robbery, Chief Hodzkina
of Oakland was also notified, as it was
suspected they might have had something
to do with the hold-ups there, but had to
come to the same conclusion as Rusk and
Uorrissey.
Six of them were released from prison
yesterday afternoon, but the seventh
Charlie Thurston. a prize-fighter, was de
tained, as Ryan and ODea found a largo
number of articles In his room which they
believe have been stolon, and they will en
deavor to find the owners,
« ♦ »
You can buy Jesse Moore "AA" whlnkey for
almost the price paid Xor ordinary whiskey.
Halo's. |
store open to-ni£ht until ten o'clock.
burnt-leather \*m.9 -n write
lessons JwMj£^~**^?^* Santa Claus
given M ~ — zrZ' for his book
thinking of thanksgiving
suggests the dinner service,
and we're ready for that —
we've a fine line of semi-
porcelain made by Clement-
son Bros., England, decor-
ated in pink, brown and
blue spray of flowers ; to-
day and until thanksgiving,
2$ per cent less than
marked prices :
decorated sets
8-ln. dinner plates $1 40 dozen
7-ln. breakfast plates 1 20 dozen
7-ln. soup plates 1 20 dozen
6-ln. pie plates 1 00 dozen
sauce plates GOc dozen
butter pads 2Cc dozen
14 -In. platters 65c each
12-in. platters 45c each
10-in. platters .'<• each
8-ln. platters 15c each
bakers 27c each
covered dishes 75c each
casseroles Jl 20 each
pickles 18c each
Jugs Be each
gravy boats 2."c each
bowls 12c each
cups and saucers U 40 dozen
belts and buckles
150 Jetted elastic belts, assorted
lengths; good elastic and good qual-
ity bead; a stylish and serviceable
belt for 50c
black Imitation seal leather belt.
1%-ln. wide; studded with steel nail
heads; stitched leather buckles
50c each
75 steel bell buckles In 5 different
patterns, 2& to 4 In. long 50c each
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street.
UNDER ARREST
FOR PARRICIDE
Son of Rev. Jesse Moore
in Custody.
Special Dtapatrh to The CaJl.
DEXTER. Mo., Nov. 17.— Much mystery
surrounds the death of Rev. Jease Moore,
the Methodist minister who was assas
sinated yesterday at his home near Pyle,
six miles from Dexter. So far &a known
he had no enemies.
Although three sona slept in the same
room with their father, nil the members
of the family dechire they heard no shot.
A shotgun was fourut In a rack on the
rear porch with one barrel empty. show-
Ing that it recently bad been discharged.
Before the Coroner. Elijah, the oldest son,
testified that last week his father loaned
the Kirn to a neighbor who the son did
not know. Elijah says he believes that
this unknown neighbor last night re
turned with the gun. killed his father and
placed the weapon in the rack.
The Jury rendered a verdict that the
minister came to his death at the hands
of some unknown assassin.
lr:l r : -••■■utIMK Attorney Karris and Sheriff
■• . decided
Moore and be f- M now in Jail at WoomtlH.i.
The jroung man vigorously i)rott-.-'
lnnoctnce.
DORA HAWLEY MADE
GOOD HER THREAT
COMMITTED SUICIDE WITH
CARBOLIC ACID.
Her Mother Ceased Corresponding
With Her and Dora. Yearning
for Maternal Sympathy,
Killed Herself.
When Frederick Rippon railed at Mrs.
Dora Hawley's room early yesterday
morning he received no response to his
repeated knocks, and the door being
forced open the dead bod) of the woman
was found lying upon the floor. Her
burned lips and chin wore evidence, that
her life had been taken with corrosive poi
son, and a bottle which had contained
carbolic acid lying beside the body told
mutely, but no less tragically, the story of
suicide. ..".
The woman and Kippon had been living
In the France House, at 14 Third streot.
She was about 40 years old and ha been
divorced from her husband. Had health
had brought her to the City and County
Hospital a year ago, and despondency
caused by her Illness and remorse De
cause of her mode of life prompted her
about tive months ago to swallow car
bolic acid.
At the city Receiving Hospital on that
occasion restoratives were applied and her
llYe was saved. She denied having will
fully swallowed the corrosive, and gave
the explanation that she had mistaken
the bottle of carbolic acid for a bottle con
taining medicine.
Letters found In her room yesterday
■now that she was depressed because ncr
mother. Mrs. R. a. Eldtidge of Philadel
phia, had ceased corresponding with ner.
The following letter, in the handwriting
of the deceased, is pathetic In Its yearning
for motherly sympathy:
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Oct. 28. l»».
Dear Mother: l will write this, my laat
letter, to tell you that I have not forgot
ten you. if you have me. Little did I
think that you would to with the rest, to
be it Henceforth lam alone, no relatives.
Do n<>t fear that any of the family will
ever hear from me personally or other
wise In the future. You may read of my
death at any time, but nothing further. 1
am not well, and never shall be. I will
most likely be in the hospital again, and If
so 1 hose and know thnt I will never leave
it. I bear no M on earth (111 will II 1 -
th.it you may all be happy and prosper.
One little line from you would have made a
little sunshine In my cloudy life, but that
was even denied me: so be It. I presume It
ITrlKlit. Weil, m. >iner may uod DMM
you, Is the prayer of your unhappy daugh
ter. With love to mother.
DORA MAW!.
I wrote two letters to you. but no answer.
Good -by, coed -by.
On two separate slips of paper were
written the following notes:
Do what you wish with my remain*. I
am tired, so tired, of A UI. KT.
Good-by. Fred dear. Think as kindly of
me as you can. Life holds nothing for me
but trouble. Oood-by, my life, my all.
Your, even In death. HAWI Fy
The following. in the handwriting of
Frederick Rlppon. was found among- the
woman's effects:
11-15. ISM.
Friend Dora: Ton told me In confidence.
All rlßht. Will never forcet. Respectfully.
I . it.
N. B.— 'Tls all off.
Coroner Hill took the body and will hold
an Inquest. __^^_ .
Official Becount.
Few errors were discovered by the
Election Board yesterday In the official
Halo's. • . •
I cloak department
K0 children's melton cloth Jackets
double-breasted 6-button franklvn
front with cape; braid-trimmed; col-
ors brown, blue and red; sizes 4 to 14
»1 4
10 dozen black sateen underskirts
with deep full flounce, corded and full
ruffle at bottom; lined all through
with outing flannel: comes In all
lengths ?l fio M ,. h
31 ladles' fine tailor-made camels'
| hair suits in brown and gray 6-but
ton double-breasted Jacket, well lined
throughout; new style skirt. percaJfne
lined and corduroy bound- tailor
strapped and trimmed ....Jisr.o r»rh
f.O Dobbins plush capes, edged with
narrow blark Thibet fur all around
trimmed with beaded Jet. silk lined..'
U 93 each
gloves
ladles' two-eln..p lambskin cloves
the H.B. bran!: embroidered backs
and quirked nng.- rs: in r*d. navy tan
m££ brown. m °' X whlte - "ay and
X • j
Hale's two-clasp Veal ' 'French kid
pique gloves; red. tan. mode, brown
gray, green, black and mastic.......
.••. II SO pair
veilings
black tuxedo and ru?~ian net Tirh
chenille dots.23c. 33c. f.O, £,?&
black brussels net. ulth rh«nlU*
d0t5.... ......25c. 2.-c. We. and 73c yard
plain chiffon veiling. In all the lead-
: Ing shades 400 and f.<)c. yard
chenille dotted chiffon Veiling......
white net with black "cnVnl'lle \lnt*
•; 23c and l«c yard
new blue veiling. In plain and dot-
te<l nn t" 2."c and Csc yard
pattern veils, with borders
••••••% 25c. 50c and 75c each
b ack chantllly veiling. 13 Inches
•wide: with self-embroidered border
and 5p0t5. ...4 EOc. 63c and 75c yard
black tuxedo and russlan nieih
with chenille dotted border.! ..™. . .
25c, 50c and 73c yard
canvass of the election returns T>»
board finished th" recount !nth? Thirty?
fourth, part of the Thirty-fifth and four
e n»-pre ; nctß In th * Thirty-sixth dis
rtfth - Four P r *c»nct» in th© Thirty
fifth were not signed by th» election ofTl
officers who were sent for. wIU have
compiled with th* law. s ev eral candi
dates lost and pained from one to five
day° were Ch tVimn C the tOtal Ch^ Wm for the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"" " "* ■■' '- '■
<Nco»»oa*Tto Bass 1 tt w Wl
Our Saturday's Specials!
GRANULATED Spreckela C»ne SUQ AS 21 lb $1
BEST CREAMERY BUTTER ..Me
Finest Butter In the city. K«cu!ax Me
square. . . .
CHOICE Point Reyes BUTTER..... 4.- 0
neirular Xc ..ir».
PET ALUM A Strictly Fresh EGOS 30c
Guaranteed. Regular 40c dozen. .
FRENCH CASTILE SOAP ....3 lbs 25a
Virgin Brand. P.egular 30c.
H. 0. OAT VEAL „;.... 2 pkg 250
Steam cooked. Regtilar l?c package.
GHIRARDELLI'S BiST COCOA 200
Jlejrular :ic can. '• " •
MACARONI, VERMICELLI.... box 200
Spaghetti. Regular Kc. . •
SWEET SUGAR CORN 3 cam 250
McCall'a Best Corn. Regular 13Hc can. .
KIPPERED HERRING ......Sth
From Aberdeen. Scotland.. Regular I* can.
KONA COFFEE .....^ ._.....2 lbs 25c
Sold tn the city 2i?clb. :
AOENTB FOB HQOVEt 9 HEALTH FOCDS.
Country orders . fined and *h!;ir«-<J free rf
charge 100 miles. Send for November catalogue
1348-1354 Market Street.
Or>p 7th. Thone.P. »3. No Branch Stores.
— . _: i ■.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A sr.oo book. .. ,
The Boole of the' Century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of dM World's
Created Artists. •
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested In subscribing
to the Eucene Field Monument. Souvenir
Fund. fubfcrjbe any ■ amount -desired.
Pub»crlption« k* • low at 11 .will entitle
donor to this dafntlly artfstlc volume
"FIELD -'FLOWERS"
(cloth bounJ. Kill), as a certificate of »üb-
scrlptlon to fund ~ ttook contains a selec-
tion of Fleld"s t>«ft and most represenu-
tlve works and Is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of th»
world's greatest artists thlsbooit could not
have been manufartured for toss than 17.
The Fund created Is dlTlded equally be-
tween the family of the late Euirene Field
and the Fund for the balldlnir of it monu-
ment to the BHMn of th« beloved poet
of rhlldhnn.!. \ Miwm .
ECfIENE FIELD MONUMKNT SOr/Vl^lß fUIfD
180 Monroe St., Chicago.
(Also at .Hook Stores.) ••• ...
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
19 cents.
Mention this Journal, M Adv. is Inserted aa
uur Contribution. .
t
Come Just to See.
Beantifol Premiums Given Free.
Great American Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere.
xoo Stores.
- . __ _ .■_ .
THE CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OF DZ9TAL
iiMuar, : ' , -. ;■•. f;y : "; '/.'
Comer McAllister and Lark In streets. Is now
open for the admission of students. Apply to
8. W. DENNIS. MI D. D. 8., dean at th«
college, or A D. CLEAVES. D. D.S.;' aaalsUat
dean. 412 Parrott building. • '
niinTiinr p11 *" uj » ji «uct*i
111111 I 8 disease cured or no
X r I Kr ' ' ' "
II U I I UI LL MANSFIELD A POnl
l*\/l " UllU TERFUXD. Ml Mar-
M it., tea FraacUM.