VOLUME lAXXVI-xo, IT;J.
DESPERATE WORK CONFRONTS
THE BRITISH RELIEF FORCE
BOER STRATEGY
SHOWS NO SIGN
OF WEAKENING
Ten Thousand Men Will Contest
the British Advance.
Invasion of Cape Colony Proceeds Apace,
Numerous Towns Falling Into the
Hands of the Burghers
Special Cable to The Call ar.d the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899.
bj James Gordon Bcrnett.
Lie Boers strategy, according to
shows no signs of weakening.
■ ?cnce from the seat of war. they
the new plan of campaign which
because of the investment of
i men. under Generals
•uth to meet the British
General White will, therefore, be left
him.
Th ;v r, may be intrenched and, therefor-,
k. The relief column will have a hard
■ ■ ng as rep< trted.
laced by bodies of the enemy at several
bably at Ennersdale, tl . force of
I to the northeast of the railway
munandant Grobler, while there
and Greytown. The English ;
a Ladysmith itself, for General
; men under his com-
: advance by three columns upon
iporarily broken up hv
Xatal for General White's relief, by
rley and by the appearance of Boers
qic triangle inclosed by the railways
Junction, Junction and Springfon-
onv is proceeding apace.
oramand "ng.
o men; at Kaauwpoori one
I 500. No advance has
tish camp ;., 1 )e Aar.
The San Francisco Call
THE ROYAL SCOTS GRAYS (SECOND DRAGOON GUARDS).
This Is one of tho m^t distinguished cavalry regiments In the British service. Its record <>f ciistinction begins at
R].-nh«-im and K"<-s on rhrough all <.f Marlboroußhs great victories— < »u<lcn;inl.-. Kimillies and Malplaqm-t. It fought at
Dattlßgaa. an<i its famou> . ii:,rp t Waterloo, mbmo it iw«p( down Urn slope sinßinK "Seotlaad Porever," hius been an
laaplimtioa for both painter and j t. At Ralaklava ami fWmtmmi the Grays added further to their fame. The uni
form i> s.arl.t with blur facings, and the helmet i«s Riirmcunicd by a white plume. The colonel in chief is the Czar
■gtaMßl i? now •" r<nm- to Urn front. An outbreak of disease prevented its famous gray chargers from being
■ mounts had to b« j.rovided.
Shamrock Beaches the Clyde.
LONDON N<n M The Bhamrock.
whlrh lift New York November 2. arriv. (1
.it ili. <"yldc at midnight. All aboard are
will.
SAN ntAXCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1899.
BOERS CHARGE BRAVELY,
BUT ARE HURLED BACK
Stubborn Fighting Attends the First Attempt of
the Allied Republican Armies to Take
Ladysmith by Storm.
DURBAN. Natal. Nov. IS. — The
Times of Natal publishes the fol
lowing, dated November 15, from
_ J its special correspondent at Lady
smith: • •
"The enemy made a determined
attack on Thursday, November 9. Ap
parently all th.- Boer forces participated.
Their artillery opened tire at 4 a. m.,
pouring shells thick ami fast upon the
British positions, although with no great
OFFICERS ON GENERAL BULLER'S STAFF.
effect. They adopted the unusual tactics
of advancing under cover of their guns
to positions on the lodges and kopjes ad
jacent to those occupied by the British
troops, on the left of our camp.
"Continuing their advance, the Boers
crept up, using every available means of
Dover. Our infantry opened with a steady,
warm nr. . which beat back i)i< enemy,
notwithstanding a display of tenacity "f
purpose equal to tht-lr desperate stands
on previous occasions. The Boer attack
■ w.-is most elaborate "n all side? <>f the
town.
"The main attack, however, was made
between the Free State and Newcastle
Railway line's by . a column composed
chiefly of Johannlsburg volunteer*. A
brigade of the King's Royal Rifles Corps
made a splendid defense. The Boers were
repulsed, f>ut soon rallied and returned to
the attack. Again the British tire, which
was very hot. forced them to retire. They
had mudc a deep trench In front of tho
British lines, and white withdrawing for
their horses they left this unguarded,
whereupon the Kind's Rifles, advancing
at double quirk, occupied the trench.
"This, smart move was not seen by the
enemy, who soon returned with the
horses. Carefully reserving their fire, the
King's Rifles allowed the Boers to ad
vance almost to the edge of the trench
and then poured volley after volley into
the astounded Boers, who turned and fled
from the awful hall of bullets, bolting
across the open, where the artillery of
the British pound in a terrible and ef
fective shell tire. The enemy lost h.-avil\.
"Meanwhile another section of the
Boers had brought a mortar into action,
firing heavy shells. Our guns, concen
trating on it. soon silenced this weapon,
the artillerymen fleeing headlong. The
Boers th»n advanced in force with a view
of repairing the mortar, but our artillery
Shelled and scattered them right and left.
"The lighting was all over at 11 o'clock.
Promptly at noon (i.-n.-rai Whit.- ordered
a salute of twenty-one guns In honor "f
the birthday of the Prince of Wales. As
the cannon boomed, cheer after che»-r
rang out from the troops and ;i scene >■!'
enthusiasm probably without parallel in
history followed.
"At Caesar's camp, which protects the
town on tho southwest, the Manchester
Regiment held the position Descending
under cover Of the British guns for some
distance <m th« farther side of the hill,
th.y found s.v.ral hundred Boers hiding
in a ditch out of the way ol British
shells. They poured volley alter volley
Into the enemy, scattering them and In
flicting heavy loss.
"The Boers were driven back at every
point, with a loss estimated at WK) men.
Nothing important occurred until Tues
day. November 14, when a strong force,
chiefly cavalry and artillery, r.connolter
lng. came upon the enemy near the Oo
lenso load and drove them buck to thetr
main positions, our shell tire was most
effective and proved to have indicted con
siderable damage. Our loss was .*n>> man.
"Thnl same day a Boer shell killed h
trouper of the Natal Mounted Rifles who
was sleeping in his tent. All our men are
tu. well and in good spirits, it is reported
that the lyddite Is terrifying the Boers,
who have to lie driven to their gun posi
tions by revolvers pointed at their heads
"Ladysmith is able to hold out for
months. On the other hand, it is reported
that dysentery is working havoc, in the
enemy's camp."
BOER ARTILLERY NOT
MANNED BY GERMANS
T.OT-RENZO MARQI'EZ. Nov. 19.— The
following dispatch has been received here
from Pretoria, dated Thursday, November
16:
••The statement that the Boer artillery
Ib officered by Qermans Is denied here, it
■ ■ rted "lli'tally that all the Boef ar
tillery officers Wen born in the Transvaal.
although two were trained in Europe.
The British prisoners of the rank anil
Me have received new outfits from the
Government.
"It Is reported that the bombardment
of Kimlwrl.y was resumed this morning.
"Bateman. a British private captured
outside <<f Ladysmith and brought to Pre»
toria. has since become insane.™
FREE STATE'S FLAG
OVER JAMESTOWN
QT'EKNSTOWN. Cape Colony. Nov. IS.
— Commandant Olivier, with a portion of
the Rouxville commando, has occupied
Jamestown, hoisted the flag of the Orange
Free Stat.- and annexed the town. Gen
eral William Forbes-Gatacre. with his
staff and the Irish Rifles, arrived here to
day.
American Nurses Sent.
NEW YORK. Nov. 19— When the At
lantic transport liner Manlton sailed to
da> sin- had on board Dr. Hastings and
t\v»nty-nine male nurses ami orderlies
and dispensers who will join the comple
ment of the medical and surjylcal staff
of the hospital ship Muine. loaned to the
British Government by the Atlantic line
for hospital duty In South African waters.
BULLER'S REPORT
OF THE SKIRMISH
BEFORE ESTCODRT
Claims a Single Shell Caused
the Boers to Retreat.
Various Bodies of Burghers Advancing on
the Town From a Northwesterly
LOXDOX. Nov. 19. — The War Office posted the following
telegram to-day from General Sir Redvers Bullcr to the
Marquis of Lansdowne:
CAPE TOWN", Nov. 18. — The following is from the gen
eral commanding at Pietermaritzburg:
'*To-day at 8 a. m. the officer commanding our northern
outposts reported that the enemy's mounted patrols were ad
vancing across the whole country from GourtOfl road to L'landi,
moving on Estcourt. My force stood to arms. The outposts
reported various bodies, from 500 to 700 strong, advancing on
Estcourt from a northwesterly direction. < toe party, >ng,
moved toward the railroad bridge a half mile northwest of
court.
"Our outposts tired on the enemy and one of the- naval
guns fired a shell at 8000 yards' range, the shell bursting close
to the enemy, who then hurriedly retired.
"At [2 o'clock reports were received from three pickets
that a large number of Boers were in Mght on a hill above Les
lie's homestead. The troops have returned to camp.*
General Buller has aho telegraphed as follow
"C U'E T< )\\ \", Sunday, Nov. 19. — A telegram from the
British Consul at Loorenzo Marques, dated November 18, re
ports that fifty-six prisoner-, captured from the Estcourt
morcd train, have reached Pretoria. I believe Winston Church
ill is missing, but as yet have been unable to ascertain for cer
tain."
A special dispatch from Estcourt dated Sunday. November
19. says: "All is quiet here. The enemy is believed to be en
camped six miles away. Our position is. good and our force*
are sufficiently strong to repulse attack."
LONDON N"v "° This morning's
news gives little that alters the
complexion of the situation. Rin<*p
the fight of November 9 matters so
far as is known, have bean fairly
quiet :it l.adysmith. It is not un
likely that the Boers, badly informed as
to the nature and extent of British prep
arations to advance to the relief of the
town, may be hesitating regarding the
next movement. The situation in Natal
Is very complicated . more especially If
;...rts be true that the great Tugela
bridge has been destroyed. The success
Of the next move on either Mil" will de
pend more on strategy than on superior
numbers.
The Boers have three lines of action
r.pnn. Th- \ cum bo) dthe railway with the
force they have at Knnersdale falling
silently back before the British advance
arid threatening It from Weenen. or. In
the p.-cond place, they can advance from
\\'..>nen and try to carry EstcoUTt: or. In
the third place, they can advance due
south from Weenen to Weston. cut the
railway and bIOW up the bridge over the
Mo.ii Klver. If it be true that there are
WjBOO Boers under Joubert and <;■
Botha marching south to meet the British
relief force, heavy fighting Is In stor*».
Nothing Is known with certainty regard
ing the progress of the relief column from
Durban, and the immediate interest cen
ters in the relief of Kimberley. General
Ifethuen has a splendid knowledge of tho
country where be win operate, and is lay
ing his plans with the utmost .are. An
Indefatigable worker, he is busy night
and day cutting down the baggage t.> a
minimum and Issuing orders with a view
nf Insuring that the officers shall be In
distinguishable fr. m the men to th.
of the Boers. A naval brigade, with
searchlights from the cruiser Doris, under
Major Krnest Rhodes, accompany the col
umn, and Major Rhodes is confident that
he will see, his brother Cecil In Kimber
ley. The column will take all the material
for repairing the railway, which it is be
lieved there will be no difficulty in doing.
The advance will he made by forced
marches, the column reaching the Hod*
der River in four days.
An Orange River dispatch dated Thurs
day. November 16. says that the Boefl
were then concentrating their forces out
side of Kimberley. According to the lat
est advices from Jamestown there had
b.en no sign of a Basuto rising up to
Thursday last.
The BoerS have renamed Allwal North
Olleversfonteln, In honor of their com
mandant.
From Lourenzo Marquez comes a re
port that three (l.rman officers. Colonel
yon Braun, Lieutenant Brutewitz and
Lieutenant yon Kunze. have arrived at
Pretoria with the intention of Joining Gen
eral Jouberfa staff.
BURGHERSDORP ANC
COLESBURG OCCUPIED
CAPE TOWN". Nov. 19.-The Boers oc
cupied Burghersdorp on Tuesday. Nuv« m
bor 14. and it is believed that they were
then on the way to seize BtormburK
Junction.
Advices received here show that on
Thursday. November 16. a combined forr,»
of Free State and Transvaal burgh
cupled Colesburs. Cape Colony, without
opposition by the residents, and pro
claimed the district to be Free State ter
ritory.
The British troopship Manila haa ar.
rived at Durban.
Sir Alfred Mllner, Governor of Cape
Colony and British High Commissioner.
PHICE FIVE CENTS.
Direction.
has issued a proclamation, declaring th«»
proclamations, annexing territory.
Impressing mm or seizing goods. ar« null
and void an.l should not be obeyed H%
promises full recognition of ami fair com
•uai Injury resultmg from
loyal adherence to British allegiance.
W. P. Sehreiner. the Premier, has In
structed all civil commissioners to an
nounce that there Is no Intention to call
out the burgher forces In the col.,
the Colonial flmrsi inneiil considers th>
military forces of the crown sufficient to
invasion.
"ordinary citizens. ' the Premier de
clares, "are only expected to remalr
and not to give countenace to the en
emy."
Judgln" from present Indications, so far
from there Neing a prospect of a Dutch
rising, the fact hi that many of the Cap«
Dutch are so tncsneid at the loss of their
property and the destruction of railways
and bridges that thry ar* even beginning
to favor the annexation of the tv
publics, or,,- prominent politician |
M to -ay that it may pnsslhK
pen that the Outlanders will be the chief
opponents of annexation.
CHURCHILL UNDER
GUARD AT PRETORIA
PRETORIA. Saturday. Nov. IS (by way
of Lourenzo Marqilas. Nov. 13).— At noon
to-day flfty-slx British prisoners, Includ
ing men of the Royal Dublin Fuslleera
and several bluejackets, arrived here.
There were large crowds at the railway
station, but no demonstration was mad«.
Winston Churchill, who Is wounded in
the hand, was taken to the Model School,
while the rank and file are being sent to
the race course.
• Hie spy wan lodged in fall. The wound*
ed had been treated .it • '•>l»-nsn.
The Boot version of th* conflict in
which the** prisoners were taker,
that two British were killed and ten
wounded.
The mining department has discovered
beneath the manager's house at the Fer
r.-iri mine a passage leading to a suit*
of apartments forty feet below ground,
with gas and water laid on. This is sup
posed to have been Intended to serve as
a rendezvous for the employes of tho
Ferrclra mine In the event of a bombard*
ment of Johannisburs;.
LONDON. Nov. 19-Th« first definite
news regarding the fate of Winston
Churchill was conveyed to his mother this
evening by a representative of the Asso
ciated Press. Lady Randolph Churchill
had Just returned from a quiet dinner
with a few friends when the gratifying
Intelligence that her son Is living wan
conveyed to her. The fact that his wound
is not necessarily dangerous, and that ha
is alive in Pretoria caused her the great
est gratification, as she had been hitherto
without the least intimation of his where
abouts.
AMERICAN WHO SIDES
WITH THE BRITISH
WASHINGTON. Nov. I!>.-Tn view of
the fact that practically all the news from
South Africa. Is coming through British
sources, the following letter, from Mr.
Bradford of New York, manager of the
Langlaate Deep Gold Mine, is of peculiar
Interest. The letter, dated "Johannes,
burg, October I." Is addressed to Repre
sentative James ■■ Sherman of New
York, an old schoolmate. In it Mr. Brad,
ford says in part:
"At present tho situation here is ex2
AMERICAN GIRL A GUEST
OF THE SULTAN OF SULU
Miss Mamie Hartley, Who Accompanied General
Bates' Party, Tells of Our Newly Acknowl
edged "Fellow Citizens."
OMAHA. NVbr.. Nov. IS.— Mis* Ma
i la Hartley of Lincoln has just
returned from a tour of the Phil
ippine lelandH. hnving gone there
a year or more ago as an agent
of the White Cros*. With three
other American ladle* Mis-s Hartley was
Invited by General l!aten to accompany
Mm and his ... visit the Bultan of
Sulu. there to negotiate the treaty over
which po much partisan clamor has been
ralt««-d. Of the Incident Mlhs Hartley tells
this story:
-The party first visited the Sultan's
home, where they were all entertained
tO . a -J 3JnR( r consisting of dried :ish in
oil. The Sultana is an old hag lit appear
ance. Most of her teeth ar»» gone and
thi-se that remain ar« perfectly black.
Shi- won- a soldiers left-hand white glove
on her ri«ht hand, for the reason, po It
was afterward explatn-d. that fch v did not
want to Fh:ike h.in«ls with the Christian
dogs. Howwor. she treated us exceed-
Ingly well ami spoke of brotherly love
and apparently seemed In favor of having
the treaty signed.
"We paid wo couldn't eat the fish that
■was brought <^ut to us. but General Rates
Mid that 11 we refused the Sultana
would be offended and that for the sake
of the treaty we would have to eat •pane
of It. The chief that had furnished so
much amusement for the party sat at
one end of the table; hut be refused ab
solutely to cat anything, thinking the
lish was poisoned. It was before this
that ho hfcd refused to marry the Sul
tai.a. and he naturally expecte.l she had
h dcslra to kiu him. It required a good
deal of nerve to eat the stuff, especially
after one of the natives had refused to
«at It because he thought it might be
pclsoned. All the American •';.•'■!> were
unarmed, nnd we were completely at
their mercy. General Hates thought that
going amor.g them without arms would
demonstrate the frien«l!lnoKs entertained
toward them, and especially if there w t re
American women in the party.
"From the Sultnna's h'>me the entire
MTty traveled over the Klr.g^s highway
to the Sultan's house, where we were ro
ceived-ln .an ----- - r^^nrt. Ttie Sultan
is a young man. very stout and »Uepy.
A long yellow gown hur.j? from his shoul
«s< tf ami he wore a cuWsl turban on his
bead. He shook hands with. ill of us
and then at his proposal we adjourned
ti> the council chamber and negotiation*
were opened at once for the *lgnlng of
the treaty.
"The Sultan was perfect ly willing to be
an American and receive J27> per month.
rresMly *< ■ wot the po**1
...
■
Ut y >ur :
- .::sr>at
:nlte in a
■
■
:
-
-
from
• t a war. '■'
■
' t believe th
■
form ol ■
■
aal Ik at tl
■
"In my opinion thore ore <V-rper rcasnns. '
Great Hritain is unqti^ktfonnMy the para, j
mount power In South Africa. Capr Town i
Is one «f her mopt Important ?trnt«»rlr.il j
j>uint*; ah" in m;si rain of the Transvaal I
by thf London convention. For yoarn the ]
Transvaal has \>rcn trying to repudiate j
that suzerainty and to establish lts<»]f as
an absolutely Jn.Jopondont pow^r. In this |
e&dearor the Dutch element In Capo <*ol- j
ony. as well nn in the Oranjre Free State !
or.J Natal, has strn;Rly sympathized, and j
at tho pr«\sf>nt tin-iO British sovereignty In i
South Africa in seriously menaced. It is |
liot now a question of .•••jr.ing territory,
but on* of maintaining the prestige of !
her f.ag.
"1 <J.t not dcrlro to pot the :n<Vpend- '
ence of tho country destroyed, an<3 In this j
1 shar« the vlewr r.f many Englishmen
kere, but th»» pulltirvU condition ;h:tt ex
bta Is Intolerable. A large majority of !
liner* rtn Dot trouMo tbemselrea with po- '
lltlral affair*. They live on their farm* I
and accept th«* mandates of their field j
cornet* as gosprl. but th* governing ]
dames, thos« who have partition <.f the |
loavoii an<l ltahe* nf ..nice an.l who ore I
r«-tp'.n!-iWe fr>r the burd«-ns la!«l upon the !
fnreipn population are. In my opinion, j
rotten «!id corrupt.
"The mines have a lif«« of fifty or sixty i
years, nt least, and the majority of for- |
ri»rners now hrre will live and die here, j
bji<l thrir families remain after them. It j
■will i- es In the rarly days of California, j
*h"i men went \V««t expecting to make J
fortunes and return home, but Instead I
thousands of them settled, on the toast
and tlielr desrendants remain there to
ihls day. The Uif r in Dnproffresslve and
ignorant. Uefore the elements now In!
'this country his power must pive way. ,
«'lthcr peaceably or by force <jf arms.
"I do not thlnV that American resident*
here ulll leave the country on nccount of
»;ir. rmr do 1 Hajijinw that they or other i
aliens will be <v,mp«*Hed to take up arms
to defend the Transvaal, although the >
VoQnimad hnn already adopted as part !
c.f it.s constitution one article requiring all
lnli.il-ltants t<» light for the TrnnsvHr.l If !
c:jll< <1 upon to do jto. Should I lx« called !
under th!s article I •all at course, re- \
fuse to gu. a» rill most other foreigners I
In ttils country.
H*Most of the wnracn and children have
been sent out of the country- In the '
event r.f any complication requiring the ;
Intervention of the I'nitwi States Govern- ,'
mem I shall cable you. and I know that I ]
can rely on your doing all In your power i
for your countrymen In thin part of the
world."
Thre* Female Prisoners.
PRETORIA, Nov. 15. via L*>urenxo
Margutz, Nov. w._Three female pris
oner*. captur»-d near Mafekir.g. were
brought to Pretoria. The male prisoners
•will follow. Rev. Abraham Hoffmeyer,
brother of J. P. Hoffmeyer. the Afrikan
er leader. sad who wan captured at Lo-
Latrl but nubrequently released, will come
to Pretoria as Boon «a he la in better
health.
Pears'
soap responds to wa-
ter instantly; washes
and rinses off in a
twinkling.
THE YOUNG SULTAN OF SULU.
but he wanted to fly his own flag, and on
this point he remained obstinate for some
time. He finally t-ald he would agree to
fly the American Has If allowed to run
up his own whenever he »>aw a ship ap
proaching. After an hour or so with the
UNKNOWN SHIP
RUNS ASHORE
It May B? the Schooner
Wawona.
Special Plsiiatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C . Nov. 19.— The tele
graph operator at Carmanah Point re
ported last night that a vessel was ashore
there. The wire* ceased working almost
Imedlately afterword and no further com
munication has been had with the coast
since. In the absence of definite informa
tion conjecture couples with the supposed
■wreck the only vessel known to have been
in the locality during the past few daysj
being the vessel reported by the steamer
Mystery as Ha3hu>« red lights off Car
mxnah Point during • Thursday night,
darkness preventing the discovery of her
name by a homeward bound Victoria
steamer, which already lih<l a tow.
Apparently the same vessel was seen a
few nours. ufterward by Dodwell & Co.'b
steamer City of Dublin, whose master
upon his arrival said that the American
three-mnFt^ed schooner Wnwpna from
Ban Frajjclsco for Puffet Sound had 1.. en
seen el"?e, to the. cape and had signaled
that It wished to l-o reported. It Is be-
Uevjed that the signal was. misunderstood,
for in a brief wire talk with Carmanah
Point yesterday the operator at Otter
Point picked out In fragments the In
formation that the captain of tho vessel
was in difficulty at thut point and had
jisked assistance, but had oeen passed by
nn Oriental liner. .
This would scorn to Indicate that It is
the Wawona thet has come to grief, but
the circumstance* of the case can only
be ascertained definitely when some ves
sel arrives from the capo or when wire
connection is restored.
BRADLEY MAY TRY
TO HOLD HIS SEAT
Friends Assert Positively That He
Will Not Surrender the Chair
to Ooebel.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Nov. I?.— Governor
\V. o. lira <1 ley ami the adjutant Rencral
of tho State Guard. Daniel Collier, con
ferred here to-day v Mil Colonel R. D.
Williams of the Second Kentucky Red-
nu-nt, and the latter returned with them
to Frankfort. None would talk. Republi
can leaders professing to be close to the
Onvfrnor, but having no announcement
from him personally, say that if the vote
ot 1,«iu)hv111«- Is thrown out Bradley will
refu.^i to reCOCI Goebel as his succesor
an<l will maintain his position even If
forced to U!>e the militia. The Governor's
movement* art* closely watched.
The Commercial (U.) to-morrow will
K»y:- The following communication from
llarlun County talks to the point:
\\>, toother with 100 other able-bodied cltl
*"-ns of this county, have t»-n<l^r«;d our serv-
Uft to fJovernr.r Bradley and General W. S.
Taylor t<i Inaugurate General Taylor and mntti
tnln him In the office to whlrh h<» u-a« elected
however any Htate nieftion Board or any leg
islature may decide.
A. U. roIiMKT. County Judge. —
ff. FRKNCH. County Attorney.
W. J^. Hr.XSI.KY. Sheriff Hailan County.
J. S. BAIUUT Chulrtnun lUi^ibll.-an Cora
nilltee.
11.. 5. HOWARD, Commlnslonor Harlan Cir
cuit Court.
J. S k;:i.i.i:y United statfii Commlwloner
JOHN It. HIHST. I'oFtmaster.
M. W. HOWARD. Clerk Harlan Circuit
Court. '■ • "
O. A. EVERBOU3. attorney at law.
Marian la one of the strongly Republi-
an r.:ou!italn counties of the Eleventh
District.
IDAHO PRISONiRS
MAY BE RELEASED
The Men Against Whom the Best
Cases Had Be;n Prepared Have
. — .— - Escaped.
DOISB, Nov. 19.— Governor Steunenberg
and AiHlitor Sinclair loft for North Idaho
to-night. It is probable they will release
all the prisoners still held there. The men
against whom the best raves had been
prepnrcd escaped at the time of the out
brenk 4 and thr>?o remaining in custody
have been held on minor charges. it Is
probable that they will be released upon
their own recognizance* to appear when
wanted.
The'Htnte will probably sell the lumber
used- in the making of prison buildings to
the War Department for use in the con
ruction of barracks for the troops that
are to remain In the. district to afford pro
tection against future outbreaks.
Loubet Unveils a Monument.
PAItIH. Nov. 19.-President Umbel un
veiled In the Place de la Nation to-day
* statue symbolizing the triumph of tho
republic. The Premier, M Waldeck-
Rouneau. and all the other members of
the Cabinet were present. The ceremony
was witnessed by an Immense crowd.
There was an Imposing procession of mu
nicipal functionarieu and labor delega
tions. Everywhere M. Loubet was greet
ed with cheers, and the demonstration
passed off without serious accident.
THIS WAJf j-kajncisuu CALL, . MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20. 1899.
Sultan. General Bates finally convinced
him that the I'nlted Statts could not pro
■ lm unl- es th.> United States Hue
red t» remain where it could be
• approachlnc ships. This satis
fled him and he signed the treaty."
MARTIAL LAW
IN COLOMBIA
Widespread Revolution
ary Movement.
Sp*<-lal Dtapatea t.. The Call.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. NOV. IP — Th
■toamer Atrato, from Barranqullla
.!id Colon Friday, reports a
; read revolutionary movement in
iMa and a grave outlook. li- r
anded with difficulty and she
; nable to jecti! ward cargo,
owing to the euspeastbn of inland trans-
Uon.
Tlje Government Is recruiting an army
!•> Impressment under martial law and is
nig forced loans in colon. Barran
qullla, and Carthagena, when
lombiana have been tuxwl $2S each.
it. w;t!i the alt.rna
listment
•1- d, bUI rommercial
c.l n . loan of i. ■ M pi r
a guanu : aub
ess Is practically suspend
ea prevail • .»;n .. x
■
lon, the i
that • ■ ! ity of tn-
ire Sue to foreign sui>i>"rt.
The passengera of th.> Atrato complain
that : i : dlfAculty and in
indignity when securing
• th>- country,
ivj fighting last W
Magdalen i EUver. Th<
ernrnent < nilms to limy.- won a ■-
itlon i* r.-tarde.i owing to want
j.g to advii > i brought
by the Atrato. is dully gaining strengtn.
STEEL PALACE FOR THE
CROWN PRINCE OF JAPAN
Chicago Engineers Designing a Struc-
ture Intended to Be Earth
quake-Proof.
CHICAGO, Nov. It.— Chicago en:.
ar<- i: . m earthquake-proof steel
f.r the Crown Prince of Japan,
whkh la tO mark the adv» Dl >>f An.
construction In th< Idkado'a land.
and ■ Imperial Qovernment baa appro- i
prlated $;:.i>'»i,o"" for its erection. Pounda
ir»- being laid with a \if-w to rear
inn tin- frame work in February. Around
the skeleton, on beams and bars, will be
built a bouse of granite and marble, ex
■ i to eclipse iii beauty of design ai >-
thing tbe »>ri.-nt lias ever known
■ will adjoin the royal home of the
Mikado in Toklo, and It will ■nfgad to the
extreme of 170 i>%- mo feet, iis
a height of sixty feet The archl
t..i\ira; plans partake Ot the Trench Re
lli'C.
Dr. K.ityhnma. chief arrhiter-t of the
Imperial household, department of Ja
who came to America to let contracts
• li. n palace baa commissioned E
K. It Bhankland of Chicago, who
■ ii the construction <>f the Manufac
turers' building ai the World'a I.
• the frame work plans. Still an-
Chlcago engineer, Charles A.
\VHk< - lied upon to map out an
elaborate li<-atlii;z and ventilating plant
in addition to tb.'s.- American bralna will
also contribute an Ice manufacturing ami
electric light system.
Si. .-I construction, with its rigid elastic
ity, ik ex| ted t" revolutionize the build
ing industry in the Mikado's land, where
■lUak.-s have on several occasions
. havot with structures aupp
The ne/W palace will r.-st on M
deeply anchored iteel columns Imbedded
In concrete piers, and the constructing « n
gineern say the magniticent plh- will rr-s!~ t
all shucks. I'art of die nalac will be de
vote.) to Government offices. The steel
will be supplied by the Carnegie Company
of Hlltsburg. *
HOBART GROWS WEAKER.
Vice President's Friends Not So
Hopeful as They Were.
PATERaDN, N. J.. Nov. I?.— Vlre Pres-
Uobart passed the greater part of
\\\o day .«ittin« at the bedroom window.
;;t times reading th.- UOWI I 1..,\.
ing Mrs. Hobarl read to him. He took
od than usual Thla seema to ln.li
that bis itomach trouble lias r-
turned. Mr. Hobarl annealed to i>.- as
cheerful as ever and took a lively ml
In the topics of the day a.« presented by
the newspapers. There Is no perceptible
change in his condition, but his friends
Jir.- not ns hop.ful ks they have been
They believe that the Vice President Is
gradually growing weaker.
Wireless Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK. Nov. 19- Lawyer George
H <iraham of Philadelphia, counsel for
the Wireless Telegraph and TeL-phone
Company, arrived here to-night. H<- said
bo would make application for a chart- r
for the new company oji Tuesday Tie
said the stock would be $12.i»>0.(V>o and be
held by New York, Boston, Chicago and
Philadelphia capitalists.
FIVE KILLED IN
A DAKOTA WRECK
Work Train Crashes Into
a Handcar.
MANY ARE FATALLY INJURED
EXCITEMENT AMONG ITALIAN
LABORERS.
♦ '
Draw Their Knives on the Crew of
the Handcar, Who Are Forced
to Flee for Their
Lives.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BIOUX FALLS,' S. D.. Nov. 19.-A col
lisiiTu on the Omaha railroad to-day near
Humboldt. twenty miles from Sioux Falls,
resulted In the death of five persons and
the probable fatal Injury of a number of
oth'-ra.
A party of men were on a handcar about
■ a quarter of a mile out of Humboldt when
! they discerned a work train. In charge of
Conductor EUgains, backing down upon
them, en route to Montroae. In the work
train were a number of Hat cars, upon
which were a hundred or more workmen,
principally Italians. The men on the
handcar jumped off, leaving the car on
: the track. When the rapidly backing
i work train struck the obstruction the
! force of the collision threw four of the
rtatcara from the track, killing five of tne
workmen, among them Edward Howard,
1 an American, and injuring many more.
Five of the injured are expected to die.
The uninjured Italians immediately be
1 came wildly excited, and drawing their
' knives made threatening demonstrations
toward the crew of the handcar, who
pulled away from the scene of the accl
dent with all possible speed.
Relief trains were sent out from Sioux
' Falls and Montrose and a number of the
, badly Injured were brought to Sioux Falls.
< toe of the injured, a 15-year-old boy. died
en route. 4
ESCAPED FROM THE
BALTIMORE DETECTIVES
Mrs. O'Neil Gets Back to Montreal,
Leaving Behind Her a Trunk
Pull of Valuables.
BALTUfORB, Nov. 19.-Mrs. (J'Nell of
Chicago, who was arrested Saturday in
Montreal on a charge of fraud. Involving
I the possession of diamonds, precious
Stones, Jewelry, furs and dry goods val
ued at $50,000, w.i- in Baltimore last week
mid deteotlvea were looking for her at
the request of a Chicago private detective
firm, but she left the city before she could
be apprehended. She arrived here . •:. N
Vember 5 wlii. nine trunks and was urlven
to the home of a gentleman in Hilton ave
t being supposed that ne is a friend
1 of Mrs. O'NeJl ■ husband, who has re
■ cently become Involved In business
troubles.
When she left Chicago, it Is said, she
took thirteen trunks with her and she is
■ have gone from that city to
; Lansing, Mich. The Baltimore det
j found out where sh<= was, the gentleman
at whose house she wa- Staying making
no secret of it. It wa led i.»ut
»he would attempt to escape, but as
.stated v..t- ollicera suddenly discovered
that idif hud k.
A lawyer from Chicago, accompanied by
a detti-tlvc from that city, ascertained
' that ■ W«i bad taken eight trunns
with her when she left Baltimore. The
nther one. traced to a storage warehouse
ami recovered, was found, it is said, to
contain goods and i worth $1000.
11l - l ' Nell sent
n telegi ■ r husband, It Is said, say
: Ing that al to return to Chl
-NTREAL, >?ov. If.— Mrs. O'Nell Is
I still at th. tVlndser Hotel *"ith h«r little
Kill ai '1 with th.-m is Henry J. J. O'Nell,
rrived In town to-day from I^ansing.
Mich. Mr«. O'Nell was released last nl.nt
on ■ bond of IMQ furnished by H. L. Hat
man, a real I iperator.
LONG WOULD RETURN
TO PRIVATE LIFE
Political Reasons Alone Keep the ,
Secretary of the Navy in
tne Cabinet.
NEW YORK, Nov. It.— A Journal spe- !
: Inl from Washington says: Secretary
John D. I»ng to-day admitted that he ;
might resign the Naval portfolio. The!
tary returned to-day from Colorado
I, where he had gone to leave Mrs.
Long and bla 'laughter for the win', r.
ary*a mind was made up sev
i*i ai weeks ago to retire from office, but It
additionally changed at the earnest
solicitation <>t the President and some pf
Btlnent lenders. Including Senator
Hanna.
"For family reasons." said Secretary
I •■■-night, "I would he very glad to i
■ ired of my official duties. Unless
family ties make my resignation Impera
tive i sha.li. however, n main ai least '.n
tii :iit«-r the Presidential election of next
year."
'I be condition of Republican politics in i
Btati . it is said, baa had much
to <io with the Secretary's change of
niiii'l. Massachusetts is the hotbed of
an tl -expansion in the Republican party,
and li was shown to Mr. Long that If lie
! BOW, In the course <>f a very Im
portant session <>f < "ongress and with the
campaign coming on, the untl-expanslon
lsts. despite anything he might say to the
contrary, would us* that fact as an evl
01 his disapproval of the Presi
dent's policy. Secretary Ix.ng is entirely
out of touch with that faction of his party
headed by Mr Hoar, and at the request
of the President determined to remain.
If. how. \ r, M.-s Long*! health becomes
during li>r atay at Colorado
Springs *he secretary mny resign any
hour. \t I esl lie will May only until the
campaign baa been fought out and the
election neld.
FIRE ON THE LINER
PATRIA STILL BURNING
Vessel Is Only Partly Submerged, but
the Prospects of Salvage Are
Not Bright.
LONDON. Nov. 19.— The Hamburg-
Amerlcan liner Patria, Captain Frollch.
which caught fire in the English channel
lust Wednesday while on her way from
New York to Hamburg, and was finally
abandoned on Thursday noon after at
tempts to tow her to some port had failed,
now lies between Walmon and the south
; foreland, on the Kentish coast. The depth
of the water an hour previous to her sink
ing was seven fathoms. She la still on fire i
forward, but there is no smoke abaft tho '
; bridge. At low water she will be partly >
1 dry.
Apparently th« tire has completely gut
■ ted her and rendered her a total wreck. '
The surveyors could not get on board to- i
j day. but they will do so as soon as possi
ble In order to ascertain what the pros- |
pects are of any salvage. Arrangements i
are being made to lighten the vessel. The
partial submersion has materially dimin
ished the tire, which it Is thought will be I
extinguished;
The Patria had an adventurous time
i after «be was abandoned. The Ostend I
fishing boats, which first took her In tow,
called after a few hours for the assist
ance of the steamer Prestonla. which i»-
gan to wing her down the channel. Then 1
the Hamburg tug Efansa, with Captain
Frollch on board, appeared and assisted
In the towing. After the I'atria was run !
i ashore th.- Hansa returned to -uxhaven. :
Wants to Go to Paris.
WOODLAND, Nov. 19.-<;u> L Ooln. a
half orphan who 1.-fi Woodland a f.-w
months ago with the determination to
work his way to the Paris exposition, is
now in N.-w fork ami in the employ of
the wealthty University <'iub. He to en
thusiastic over th.- prospects that his am
bition will be gratlfl.-d
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. ' All
druggists refund the money if It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature la on each box. 25c.
LITTLE HOPE FOR
THE CHARLESTON
Must Be Badly Battered
by the Seas.
WRECKING OUTFITS ARE POOR
SOME OF HEli GUNS AND EQUIP-
MENT MAY BE SAVED.
Owing to the Bad Charting Done by
the Spaniards Many Vessels
Have Lately Gone
Ashore.
Special Dispatch to The Cull
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. I.ASHTNQTON, Nov. 1».-
Acting Secretary Allen was noti"
the departure of the supply ship Culgoa
from Hongkong for the Island of Kami
guln. It Is believed by the department
from dispatches already cabled by Ad
miral Watson that the Culg«-a lias on
board the representatives of a wrecking
firm In Hongkong, with such apparatus
as can be placed aboard the vessel, who
will make an effort to save the Charles
ton or at least ascertain the condition
she is In preliminary to further work or
abandoning her altogether.
The authorities had expected by this
time to have received Information of the
condition of the Charleston from the gun
boat Helena, which was sent to Kaml
guln by Rear Admiral Watson upon re
ceipt of news of the wreck for the pur
pose of supplying the men with food and
bringing as many as possible to Manila
and also to examine the condition of the
wrecked ship. It Is considered possible
that the Helena may have attempted to
haul the Charleston off the rocks
whereon she lies, but the authorities
admit that this Is purely speculation. It
is generally admitted at the department
that the hope of raising the Charleston
Is very slight, but still It Is prop.
do everything to at least save some of
her small guns and equipment.
A naval officer who recently returm-d
from the Asiatic station said to-day that
I the wrecking outfits at Hongkong were
, not strong enough to handle the Charles
i ton, and ne predicted although an effort
; may be made that before work 1? com
pleted she will have been so battered by
seaa and rocks upon which she struck
that it will be useless to attempt to take
h.-r to Manila.
An examination of the mall reports re
ceived by the department from the
Asiatic station shows that a larg.- per*
centage of the American men-of-war
I have grounded since th.- destruction of
the Spanish fleet In the harb..r of Manila.
I It Is a matter of surprise t" officials. In
view of the character of the charting
done by th.; Spaniards, that more Ameri
can vessela have not been lost. Rear Ad
miral Bradford, chief of the Bureau Of
Equipment, proposes to expedite the
purveying of the waters of the Philip
pines not only for the benefit of naval
vessels but for the transporta and m-r
: chant service as well Splendid time is
b-Mng made by the American men-of-war
|in their race to. Manila, The armop-d
cruiser Brooklyn, which left Port Tewtik
on November is for Aden, arrived at the
latter port to-day and Is coaling prepara
tory to >uiline for Colombo en route to
; Manila.
The Brooklyn Is averaging about 11
knot* an hour The crvils.-r N»w Orleans
left r..rt Paid on November U f'>r Aden.
and considerable Interest Is being taken
I by officials In the speed ahe la making.
The Brooklyn 1.-ft Hampton Roads on
October 16 for Manila and the N. w Or
leans sailed from New York five days
later. The Brooklyn"s lead has been re
duced two daya.
LOCATE A VALUABLE
LEDGE OF QUARTZ
Rich Find of Three Prospectors in the
Ketchikan District Near
Traitors Cove.
TACOMA, Nov. 19. — Hirnm Davleil has
brought from Ketchikan BOOM of the fin
. st specimens of fr>e milling gold quarts
even seen here. Th.y c;im.- from Traitors
Cove, on Benin Canal, twenty*eigbt miles
northeast of Ketchikan. Associated with
Davlea are Samuel J. Powell of Seattle
and Jam.- Tennant of Oakland. \
and Tennant went to Ketchikan last
March and Davlea Joined tb.-m In April.
The three prospected through the summ.-r
in different locations In the Ketchikan dis
trict, finding and locating several good
properties. The rich lead from which the
.specimens n l w«re obtained was
discovered only last month by tracing
of float until the ledge was uncov
ered, Bv< ry piece of ledge broken off was
rich In gold.
They found that the ledge continues
Into the sea and by stripping off the moss
from the rocks above they could trace
each quartz seam up the mountain side
for 300 feet, or as far as they stripped the
moss. They are satisfied that the ledge
continues clear to the top of the moun
tain, some 2500 feet above tide water. The
ledge matter Is some thirty feet between
the walls, all rich In free gold, but the
\.-ry rich pay streak from which the rich
est apedmeni were obtained is from three
and a half tO f"iir fert wide.
The gold is of very fine quality, assaying
$2*l to the ounce. A ton >>f rock like th«
specimens brought down would go from
*T.","O" to JTS.'" I ". They will return and be
gin development at once.
REPUBLICAN LEAGUE
TO MEET IN WASHINGTON
Indications Point to
Rivalry An\ong Cities Seeking
the Convention.
CHICAGO. Nov. IP. -The executive com
mittee of the National Republican League
will meet in Washington on Tuesday, De
cember 12, to fix upon the time and place
for its convention in 1800. The meeting
has been called by O«-orge Stone of Saoi
Francisco and official notification to this
I effect wrh sent out by Secretary D. H.
; Stlne from the Chicago headquarters.
The Indications point to considerable
j rivalry over a convention city. Chicago.
Indianapolis. St. I^iuls, St. Paul, Galves
tou and possibly Philadelphia, will a.-k for
the gathering. The commercial clubs of
I St. Paul and Qalvestoa are taking an ac
tive tni.rem in securing the convention
for their city.
The convention will be the first national
political gathering of the Presidential
year.
NOTED SWINDLER HELD.
Robert J. Knox, One of the Whiteman
Gang, Under Arrest.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— Robert J. Knox,
alleged to ha one of the Whlteman gang
of swindlers, was held by a city magis
trate to-day until the arrival from Albany
of requisition papers, which will give him
Into the custody of tho. Plttsburg police.
D. W. Gallup, assistant cashier of the
National Hank of Woonsocket. R. 1.,
which was swindled by the Whiteman
gang, and A. J. Hennett, a real estate
broker of the name town, were In court
and Identified Knox as "R. E. Webster."
who deposited with the bank tin; bogus
draft on the Lawrence National Bank of
Lawrence, Kans.. for 110.000.
The Woonsocket police are anxious to
get Knox and Charles K. Stewart, who
operated with him there, but who Is now
held In rittsr>urg.
Railway Official Killed.
DENVER. Nov. IS>.— A special to tho
News from El Paso. Tex., says: W. J.
Scott, master of the Southern Pacific
railway yarns at this point, mot Instant
il.uili to-day by falling between two cars
while a flying switch was being made.
Scott was in the act of stepping from one
car to another when they parted. lie
fell, striking his head on a switch frog
and shattering his skull. Ills widow and
two children reside at Los Angeles, Cal
Scott was 54 years of age and had been
yardmaster here a lonr time.
Evans' Ale Since 1786
Has been all that a good old ale should be*
JANE A. FALKENBURG
TOWED INTO PORT
Was Found Drifting Off Cape
Flattery and Is a Hopeless
Wreck.
VICTORIA. B. C. Nov. 19.— The barkentlne Jane A. Falkenburg of San
Francisco, which sailed from the Golden Gate on September 23. and a month
later left Port Hadlock to return thither with a full cargo of lumber, was
towed Into Esquimau to-night by the tug Lome, which found her floating a
derelict with seas washing over and through her "fT Cape Flatten.'. She Is a
hopeless wreck. Her bulwarks and forecastle head were torn away. The
hatches are off. main and mlzzen masts have gone by the board. Her cabin
and houses are gutted. The lumber has swollen and Is opening the deck up.
The lower foremast Is the only thing standing above tne devastated deck
house. The rigging and ratlines are standing to this mast and a sadly torn
foresail Is tangled up in them. The remnants of a flag, seemingly a house
flag, with red stars on white ground. Is hanging on the rigging. A black cat
was found on board, still living, but in an emaciated condition. It was taken
possession of by the tug's crew and ate ravenously when given food.
The Lome when she picked up the derelict barkcntlne was bound up the
Vancouver Island coast." whither she was dispatched to the rescue of the ship
reported ashore between Carmanah and Cape Beale. A heavy gale was rag
ing and the tug was almost swamped by the great seas which swept In on
board. There was a foot and a half of water In the engine room. At 7 a. m.
th« Lome sighted the Falkenburg tossing In the heavy seas about three miles
from Flattery. The tug Holyoke sighted her simultaneously and both raced
for her. The Lome lowered ■ boat which landed the mate and two mm on
her a few seconds before the Holyoke was close enough to allow her men to
jump on the wreck. The Lome claimed her as salvage prize and passed a .
hawser on board. She was then towed to Esquimau. Although a close search
was made nothing was found but the cat. which was nestled In one of the
forecastle bunks, and dishes which were still In the locker in the cabin un
broken, although all other interior fittings were torn out.
The Puget Sound Tugboat Company, owners of the Lome, will endeavor
to sell the prize and waterlogged cargo. No word was received of tho other
wreck. The ship Highland Light, overdue from San Francisco, Is reported
off the coast with her rudder gone.
9
BRYAN WILL BE
THE NOMINEE
Democratic Committee
men So Declare.
Sp«clal Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Nov. 19— Senator James X
irman of the Democratt N
tlonal Committee, who arrived to-day.
■aid he did not know what the executive
committee would do to-morrow, but It
could not call a meeting of the full com
mittee and It could not call the conven
tion. This Is the first time since the close
of the campaign of UN that Senator
Jones has met his colleagues on the com
mittee, as he was absent In Europe when
they met here last July.
While the executive committee may not
do anything relating to Issues or can
didates or conventions. It Is expected that
a number of prominent Democrats from
all parts of the country will be here to
morrow to "round up " the situation. Ac
cording to a telegram received to-day. W.
J Hryan will not b« present.
Mayor L>a\ Ul S lio.-o of Milwaukee
a delegation of Democrats from
nsin whd are here to boom Mil
waukee for the national Democratic oon
ventlon. in th» delegation are ex-Gov
ernor George F. Peck, Goons William
llruce. William Walker and J. G L 1L 1 ■: •
nelly. Milwaukee offers an auditorium
M-attng 15,' Xi" people and Is ready with ■
guarantee of Jso.'»' | o to pay the exper.sen
of the convention and the national com
mittee
Kansas City offers a convention hall
Fcatlng 2*\O""", offers to pay all con
and committee expenses and on top of
that offers a contribution of $&>,OOO to the
I ■• mocratlc fund.
Ek ator Jones, shortly after his arrival
at the Sherman House, went into execu
tive session with Chairman J. G. Johnson
of the National Executive Committee.
After the conference he was asked what
he had to say about candidates and Is
sues for next year. He replied:
"There 13 no doubt that Mr. Bryan •will
be the Democratic nominee. The Demo
cratic convention. In my own opinion, will
-m the Chicago platform. I behave
the Democrats will declare against Imper
ialism and in favor of legislation regard-
Ing trusts and some combinations. It !s
too soon yet to say Just what will be the
dominant issue. Conventions and plat
forms do not make Issues. In. some parts
of the country the financial part of the
question will be most of interest to votsr*.
in another. Imperialism, In another, trustu,
and so it will go."
When told of reports to the effect that
he was opposed to holding the Democratic
convention !n Chicago and keeping the na
tional headquarters here, the Senator re
thnt there were good reasons why
the campaign should be handled from Chi
cago and good reasons why it should not
be.
National Committeeman Campau of
Michigan, who arrived during the day. In
discussing the recent elecUon said th© re
sult In Nebraska shows that Bryan Is
strong enough to be certain of renomlna
tlon and perhaps by acclamation.
J. M. Guffey of Pittsburg. national com
mitteeman from Pennsylvania, said: "Mr.
Bryan will be the next candidate. There
is no opposition to him In my State."
John S. Rilling of Erl«. chairman of the,
Pennsylvania Democratic State Commit
tee and W. J- Hrennan. a prominent Dem
ocrat of Pittsburg. rame to Chicago with
Committeeman Guffey aa onlookers at the
meeting. Mr. Rilling said: "The Republi
can quarrel In Pennsylvania helps tv,,.
Democrats In State politics only. The
anti-Quay forces are organizing for a
stronger fight than they have ever made."
Representative William Sulser of New
York who Is in Chicago In connection
with the meeting of the executive com
mittee of the National Democratic Com
, mtttee to-morrow, said:
"Tec I am a candidate for the leader
ship of the next House of Representatives
and my friends think my chance* of se
curing the honor very good. 1 would not
be a candidate If they did not believe my
candldacv would strengthen our party
In the East and help us to carry the
doubtful States of New York and New
Jersey In the next Presidential contest.
"I will have the votes of the solid dele
gations from New York and New Jersey
and have received assurances of sub
stantial support from other States. At
this critical time in the affairs of the
Democratic party it seems the wishes of
the loaders of tn<» East should b<» con
sulted, and they aver my selection not on
account °f myself or mv personality, but
I because they believe it will be good party
policy and will strengthen our forces in
the pivotal Ptates of New York and N>»w
Jersey In the great contest next year.
"I yield to no one in my all<*a-lan<>«
to the Democratic party, and have no
apologies to make ror my support of
I William J. Bryan and my loyalty to the
1 principles enunciated In the Chicago plat
form." ____^______^^__
ROBERTS LOSES THE
SUPPORT OF DEMOCRATS
Gentile Commltteemen Refuse to Give
Their Sanction to the Circulation
of a Counter Petition.
SALT LAKE. Nov. 19.— The Democratic
State Committee had a meeting yesterday, '
chiefly to conMder the Roberts rase.
.Inn.- H. Moyle. chairman and a Mor
mon, urged that counter petitions be got
ten up. asking that Robert* be seated.
One after another of the Gentile members
aroso ami opposed this, saying that they
hud voted for Huberts as a Democrat on
the expectation that h«- would be able to
clear up all tho chances made against
him by the opposition, as he had agreed
to do.
Roberta was arraigned for what Was
called his bad faith In failing to do this
and it was declared that he had made a"
football of the Democratic party, as well
as of prominent Democrats. The Gentile
Democrats wero unanimous In opposition
to th. proposition to get up petitions for
Robert* Thereupon the Mormon mem
ben dropped the matter, the chief purpose
of th.. meeting having failed. A large
number of prominent Democrats through
out the. State were present. Mormon and
Gentile, and. so far as reported but one
was in favor of the proposed Roberta pe
titions.
METEORS FALL
IN ALABAMA
Negroes Frightened by
the Display.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Nov. 13.—
strange phenomenon, supposed to be a
part of the tricennlal meteoric disturb
ance scheduled by the astronomers, was
observed here to-night between 9 o'clock
and midnight. The fiery messengers
made thslr appearance directly overhead
and attracted much attention and no little
fear among the negroes.
As many as ten meteors were seen, all
of them In the nebulae form. resembling
comets. They first appeared as patches
of light and at times would glow a fiery
red and then fade away, repeating the
operation a number of times before they
disappeared. During the lurid period tho
central body would be easily seen, tho
light radiating throughout the entire
mass, which appeared to be about three
feet long and six Inches wide.
It was also observed while the glowr
was on that these bodies appeared to b«
moving, the agitation being easily distin
guished with the naked eye. The entlro
zenith was overcast, although outside of
the arc the sky was clear. Great crowd*
gathered nt the street corners and many
were appalled at the strange sight. A
number of negroes In their fear resorted
to prayer.
ANATOMICAL
LECTURE No. I.
Many fatal itt*a
are directly due to
the weakness that
we are about ||
describe. We will
take first flg. 2.
which points out
the heart. This ',*
the hardest worked
organ In the body.
yet most Intricate
and delicate. When
It flutters, palpi-
tate*, shows evi-
dence of weakness,
then the entire
system f'*iwrir.|.
HUD TAX rebuilds
the heart struc-
tures, tones th*
nerves that govern
Its action.
Next we take fir.
I— the lungs. When
you hare that feel-
ing of tightness,
that oppressed
f*«llng, take HUD-
TAN. It cures.
Fig. I denotes
th* face. When
th* cheeks are
sunken and th*
complexion pale or
sallow, it Indicates
organic weaknt-is.
HUDTAN Insures
a regular dis-
charge of every
bodily function,
thus creating a
glow of health.
Take Og. 4 -the
eyes. Hollow eye*,
haggard look or-
ganic disturbance*
the cause. HUD-
TAN cures.
Now fix. S— th*
head. HUDTAN
regulates the cir-
culation In brain.
relieving held-
ach*« or du«r
spells.
Cold extremities.
I** T 1
w
Indicated by flfi. I and 7. ar« *trr.!n(i of
dancer. HI'PTAX I* a pcilttve cure.
HUDTAN— aII druMlits-S*- a p*cka«e. six
package* for II 50. If your druittst do** not
keep It. tend direct to the HUDVAN* REMEDT
CO . cor. Stockton, Ell it and Market it* . San
Francisco. Cat.
CONBL'LT HUDTAN DOCTORS ABOUT
TOUR CASE FREE OF CHARGE. CALL OR
WRITE. (SEND FOR ENTIRE SERIES OB*
ANATOMICAL LECTURES: FREE.)
£&@tXArvlsk - at '■•■* Kldnej Cura
JBgtWft- |H^ will cure 00 per cent.
XS2J of a: I forms of kidney
VST Jjmfl °" P at and Is
Eft om*.ul£J& many Instances thi
Tf *3trVJrvsy moat serious forms o|
V * jf^r Brlgbfs disease. If
\ '"%+% *^ c disease Is com-
jS-^"*#ssy plicated s«ud a four-
y.'*^-WB^. ounce rial of aria*.
iffiL^fl^ We will analjri* It
W|"j and sdriie you Irco
It all Araggist*. 230. a vial. OtiUe to He ilth
S^djnedleal_sdTWjrree^ 1300 Arch i- Vt\l*.
visjT OR, JORDAN'S great'
fKUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
9 Qs> I: « *alXX7 ST. tit MI7&. Z.T.ZzI {
\ '-J' [> - Ljrgtir Aiutmnical Mumm in (A*
m .trC^rtk. Wn »' 1 Waaknaxe* a* *■>• **an
<L. ffS^J^ i»t««ep»««tl»»-lyr«»r»<hythe»ld«a '
9 fßjßl ipw'^uftimcutß. fc»L J -, - «
6 iSCI CR.JOnDAH-PRiyATE DISEASES^
0 M J&Vi ft Tn iiirwr.i vrtionlly rt *■■, l«t»> > 9
\H 7 Til i^- fl "H"«ia«c(/a«ur..!fft.w'i. \
aril lift »', ( ,.,,, »o«k.rß|ll .•»«»••■*••_*
~" II Pi ■AliniAuii, »i»il*u mtii. (AT
A d (i vatiubl* book for men) A
7 On. JOHDASI ACO..loatM«rketSt..a F. F
Weekly Call $1.00 Her YuarMacARTHUR
CONTINUES
HIS ADVANCE
Insurgents Flee Before the
:d March of the
Americans.
NATIVES BCRNTOWNS
pM Are Flo - '::. Profess
* Welcome the Sucoess
of the Invaders.
■padi
■ ncrml
• r.d
■ • • ■ ■
■
■
MAN Nov. S3. 19 a. m.-The
American occupation of the coun
try between Manila and Dagupan
Is proceeding *'.;h a ru?h. Gen
eral Mac Arthur !? within fl\'o
miles of Dagupan. which place Ger.»ral
Wheaton or Ccncriii Lawton prob
ably occupy.
Captain Leor.haeus«=T accomplished one
Cf the best coups of the war. Reaching
O'Donnell b> a cigl.t march Iroin H\<;ito.<i
DO November 1C he purprlsed the Insur
gent force, traaberlnff 2iK* and captured all
of thrra with th»-!r cm>. 10.iK'i> rounds of
-:■■:..:.;•:: ai.d four tuns of pubslsslenve.
O&« Filipino ru killed, but there were
DO American casualties.
The following dispatches have been re
ceived from accompany*
l:.g the American advance northward:
GERONA. Nov. >.— General Mac Arthur
entered Qerona, as already cabled, this
afternoon. The InnirffMita had flod last
Monday after burning the depot. Noth
ing el*«- was destroyed by them. Gerona
U the «r*t town alone the ;.:■:•.., and
l>agupan Kailway. where the natives <lld
rmi run at the appearance <>f the Amari«
cans. The padre* offereu quarten In the
* 'iiurch ami convent. Tin' town has vim
j;«).m1 hou»e. G«rona Is the seat «jf heavy
BnrUsh fuc»r Interests.
The trip was n h.-irl one and occupied
Fix hours In covering seven mll«j and a
half. JloM «>f the time was spent In ford
:»K a <ji-arter <-f a mll«» H.ukl running <<ut
<<t the Hio Tar lac. We hare no wagons
and pack mules and native lenrem carry
•ill our eujipllfs. The natives hero say
that Bayambonjc was occupied List Pun
flay by mounted tr«x.ps. probably General
Youngs bripade of General Lawton'a «31
xlsloii. Tl;e j>eop!e here are of a bettor
« »H!«* than we have usually found and
welcomed the Americans, as they evl
•ier.tly realized that their agricultural In
terest wllJ revive.
General MacArt'mr .«ald: "We seem to
l«• entering a .llffert-nt aunoaphere. The
I-«^>p:e seem to be I*** nttache.l t» Aculu
aldoa <-at:r<- than those in many towns
we have been In <;n the railroad line."
The command will move northward at
<laybr«*k to-morrow toward Rayamhonff.
Gerur.a will be fc-arrf-ionetl with two coin
ti&nlei> of the Tiiirty-^lxth. Itnm«»dl.itel>
or; •■r.terlr.K Gerona blaven'n Hcouts moved
up the track toward Panlqtie. On the way
ihey encountered at: Intrenched party .if
Irtfunrent*. whom they drove buck. th»-n
enter;:. k tho town and <-aptur;ne four
Jnor:.u:lv«'s and thlrten car^. a* k-T-endy
«.ib>3 They 1» araeil that h>jQ Insurgf-nts
Ji.t.i I.ft the town In the oourne of the *tf«
«: :."o:i
PANIQtTE. Nov. J?.— General MacAr
:.'.:r'* troops unlved from Gerr>na in the
• qtm of the morning. The railroad be
j'.nl thtK point has not been destroyed.
■ be captured railway stock 1« being' re
j iJred to handle supp'.le*. 'Die expedi
tion will go n-irth toward Itaromoonß
; • L... .v :ii-day. The Sipnal <\irp« j s
I ißstructlns i.>"« with gr*«AT rapidity.
A t»atlv« rnv.r>r from Uarombonc r-
iHirti i!.k.t uLts American tro_>p<» left the
t(»wn u':?r they entered, ajid that
:. .• • i..iT!\ts remain, although no In
t urc* nt».
General MacAnhur dl««oo\-ere<l here
Major Jnneron, f'-rmr-rly chief «urpeon on
thf stafT . f the Flllpln-i commander He
• ;.» ):.i. . :-.rat ar.d N about to re
m»i< | hero \,. t.-spTjv hl« jira^tlco Ma-
Jor Jone«on «a: ? that all respectful PIH-
J.H- ;•!• •:iMH4-:eil wlttj the t^si.avlor of
all*- Itifurjr«-Mt* and «.re \^ry clad that
tlie Amerlc:iiis h.iv«j the tipper hand
A continuous procession of refugees !s
rnterlns Paniau* from the north, lndtcat
|i:r the proximity of other American
troops, probably otT the ml Iron d lines
Thwe mfu«rf»\ «uy timt the ln»ureen'H
l:ave not known which way to turn with
the Americans occupyir:* to many places
iii th* nortli.
Panicjue is a rich sutrar town. Some of
ihe wealthy <"h!ne?» and the j)o«rer nr
ilv»?« fled at the tlrst approach of our
troops. t»»it they are. now conlsd«?ntly r»
turtunx. Tlie r:<ln ha« ceased; the weath
er !s fine and the country drylr.t ranldlv
MONACADA. N*ov. JB._ Advancing
ihrouph ih« enemy's coiintr>- by train
from Panlque. a dlftanco of "five mile*,
the Americans reached Mnnacada, where
the natives have <ii«-play<d a friendly uis
;>o«ltlon. The train 1« stalls here by
t!:e wreck of two locomotives and Tftv
friur cars on the main truck. The freight
!i>>U3«» and depot h«s been burned. No at
t"tnit will h* made to save the wrecked
rolling ptock. but the trnrk will be cl«»ar
f>>\. nnd ns soon nf the tr.-o >«mfill hreak?
have b~on repaired tli«» ex;>editlon wi»l
••nntlnm* northward. Thus far the ml.
Slowly Withering Away! I
_ — _ — o
-- 7.l aYe fV 1 / ver ?.-..„ a tree th.it was S
It Is nearly always a stunt- a
tat tended to sensibly. If the soil had g
«d ti".' It }.. • 2
' ' - IV If the SOll I.M.] a
?, J ?.r nrlchod ° r Joos " •-d up. If It hr.] Z
a little more water. It would probably 2
v b* stTong and vigorous. How many •
\ men arc like the tree? Worn out by in- •
A discretions, nilod with Klwrn. and sen- 2
, \ ermll small in the d«voloptn*nt of the S
vital organs. They are wlth^rlne away S
J\ and like the tree, it Is a slow. F ire an- 2
r \ natural death. Years ago I perfected 5
\ my Bell for the proper application of 5
J electricity to the wasted organs. Klec- ii
,1 triclty do»>s not stimulate only; It 2
If doesn't Rive a sham, deadly energy and Z
f fire that drugs provoke. BUT ELFC- 5
I TRICITY IS ENERGY. VIM ST\MI- 2
, NA. VITALITY AND STRENGTH-it #
U V Is more than that, it is life Itself. !r
\ DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT t
1 H •- cured more than 8000 overworked, ®
i A I strained, weak, repentant men. By its ®
1^ If n^tJl^^lV \( \ marvelous power it enables the weak ®
\\\ a |'«'ts?T|>» *v\ to b " tOn1 ** strong. Wo send you a book
fT —^f V^li*."'i.^Vr<l3»fc/. S^ Thr**» CL-lss*s of Mori." s<-al^i], free If •
fX-_( \X3C"" *N <!2»- 1 will send us your address. It' Is •
/VwtC7 x. •rortri money to you. It tells how men O
N ■ ■» j -»\^ '•an regain life and Ftrength by the use ©
• of my Belt •
, l>!k«* nil other Rood articles, my Dr. •»
Sanden Electric licit has Its cheap Imitations, and I must warn the public ©
to be on the lookout fur a certain firm who are not only ofr>rinr a worth- ©
I*** Imitation of my appliances, but nre printing testimonials of people ft
that have been cured by my Bflts. . Write !o-day for the book or call at fi
my office and consult me free of charge. Office hours, 9 to C; Sundays, ft
30 to 1. &
"HD T A Q A TVTTn?AT 18 Third st - San frtneisco, Cal. 5
JJli. 1. ii. O J±Vi V , 119 8. Spring Bt.L..A»g.le>. C»l. 2
' Retitl Bidß. . Porilasi. Or. (•
GENERAL HENRY W. LAWTCN.
Fr'm a recent photograph taken In the field.
CIVIL WARFARE
IS NEW GUINEA
LONDON, Nov. 20.
A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from 4
Sydney, N. S. W., ♦
says that a disas- ♦
trous civil war has ♦
broken out in the t
British possession ♦
of New Guinea, 4
eleven villages hay- ♦
ing been obliterated
with heavy slaugh- ♦
ter of the inhabi- J
tants. ♦
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
rpa has
laid a v ■
WOMAN VICTIM OF THE
HORROR-SHIP TARTAR
NEW YORK. Nov. 19.— A special to the j
Journal from Washing: on says: That an !
army •'■■-- wife should be robbvd
on beard v I'nited States transport, and i
• hould die for lack of proper attention, j
food and medicine, is looked upon here
as an evidence of a hideous state «>f af
fairs, that no denial from those respon<l-
Me can controvert. The death of Mrs.
Collins,, wife of Oapta'n Charles L. Col
lins of the Twenty-third Infantry. is
<-hargcd to the terrible condition whl.-h
prevailed on the horror ship Tartar on her
voyage from Manila to San Francisco.
<iene.ral Fhafter is now conducting a
third examination, with special reference
to the case of Mrs. Collins. The sister
of Mrs. Collins recently wrote Secretary
Root a letter, in which she detailed th"<»
circumstances of Mrs. Collins' treatment
<«:i the way from Manila. Mrs. Collinn
whs sick during the voyage, but this did
not prevent her from being robbed of
JUj. It Is charged spt^iflVally that Mrs. j
Collins WSJ wofully neglected as a pa
tient. This lnfainfus treatment, It la as
serted. I*<l to her death. The investigation
ir:to this case. It has been ordered, must
be thoroughly conducted.
The officials here think the real blame
attaches at Manila, and that eventually
<»«neral Otis will be held responsible for
the Initial arrangements. Quartermaster
<;-neral Lmldlngton saJd yesterday: "Th
responsibility obviously lies in Manila."
Sailing of the Forty-First.
NEW YORK. Nov. Is.— Wives, sweet
t:«-arts and frlen<!s of the Forty-first
United States Volunteers hade- "them
(ood-by this afternoon as the big trans
port Logan pulled out into the river
from the (Jovernment pier In Brooklyn.
Although the transport will not begin
h<>r long voyage to Manila until to-mor
row afternoon, the officers In charge
•iu'l the transport towed to nn anchorage
Just off Governors Island to-day. In ad
dition to inc»O officers and men of th"
Forty-first Regiment, several wives of
"fi'Cf-rs will accompany their husbands to
wie Philippines.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1809.
GUARDING AGAINST
BUBONIC PLAGUE
Crew of the J. W. Taylor
Detained.
; itch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 19 -The steamer J.
WJ Taylor, which arrived yesterday from
Santos, Brazil, with the captain and cook
ill with suspected bubonic plague, has
been disinfected as far as possible with
out discharge of cargo. The patients
are at Swinburne Island and there Is no
change in their condition.
Deputj Health Officer Sanborn says
the crew will be kept on board the steam
er until to-morrow, when the agents will
supply a new crew. The crew will be re
tnoved to Hoffman Island and detained
for observation for ten days. There has
been no further development among them.
After the removal of the crew the cargo
(coffee in sacks) will i..- discharged into
lighters. The sacks will he emptied Into
oilier receptacles and then subjected to
■team disinfection on board the James
\V. Wadsworth. After the disctiarge of
the cargo the holds will be disinfected.
Dr. Fitzpatriek. the bacteriological ex
pert of the quarantine service, is making
cultures <»f matter taken from the pa
tients. The result of his examinations
will determine the question of the dis
charge of the cargo.
Dr. Hermann M. Biggs, bacteriologist of
the Health Department, gave out this
statement to-day regarding Dr. Park's
examination of the supposed bubonic
plague patients:
'•The bacteriological examinations thus
far made by Dr. Park show apparently
that the contents of the broken down bu
bos do not contain living germs. It is pos
sible, however, that me mi develop In
the cultures. Microscopical examinations
of the pus re rather negative. These neg
ative results are such as might be expect
ed in the plaguo at the stage of the dis
ease presented In these men and would be
very unusual in other conditions. They
therefore ailord some contlrmatory evi
dence as to the existence of the plague."
Dr. Uipgs said he had little doubt that
the two patients supposed to have the dis
ease are now almost well. The bacterio
logical examinations will be continued so
long as the patients of the infected ship
present the opportunity. This Is the tlrst
time the physicians of this city have had
an opportunity to study the disease direct
ly. li' to this time they have depended
upon foreign medical reports, which are
not always authentic. Health Commis
sioner Oosby said that he had no doubt
the ship is roughly disinfected. But
even so. it would not be permitted to come
to the city. The Health Department will
take no chances, he said.
In forbidding the docking of the ship
or her approuch to any wharf, the author
ities have been actuated by the fear that
th« 4 rats which Infest the vessel will get
ashore and carry the germs. If the dis
ease proved to the bubonic plague, with
them.
Experience with the bubonic plague In
foreign countries show that the rat is a
potent factor In the spread of the disease.
It being affected by the bubonic baeelllus
in a similar way to man. In Nothnagles
laboratory in Vienna several rears ago
one of the assistants developed the plague,
from contamination from a rnt into which
he had Inoculated tho disease.
CAPITALIST WRIGHT
IS AGAIN IN TROUBLE
FAN RAFAEL.. Nor. 19.— Th»» monoto
nous regularity with which C. w. Wright.
pr*»«idont of th« American Land and Trust
Company of Larkspur, has been arrested
and prosecuted for obstructing the high
ways of that suburban villa and refusing
to supply residents with water was broken
to-day by the issue of a warrant for the
arrest of the Larkspur capitalist on a
■ charge of grand larceny. It seems that
while Wright has amused himself by
evading the service of Judge Angellottl's
writs of mandate and generally harassing
the Larkspur populace. if the facts al
leged in the complaint be true, he has
reached out and offended a citizen of
Corte Madera. with the result that he la
charged with stealing a dog.
In the language of the complaint, it Is
alleged that on November 12 Wright "Jld
willfully, unlawfully and feloniously steal
take and carry away one black-and-tan
dog of the breed known as a fox hound
the personal goods and property of C .1
Weber, said dog being of the value of
•I 1*)I 1 *) in lawful money of the United States
of America."
This morning Wabar, who is a non-in
;.i\\ of afra. Amanda Smith of Tamalpals
1 ame tD this i:f\- in company with Att'ir
• i.v W. H. Mahony and swore to a com
plaint before Justice Rr.dd.-n charging
Wright with grand larceny. Attorney
Mahony plated that the alleged theft had
caused the death t>y starvation of a litter
of valuable pups, which were only a week
<.:<! at the time.
••This dog waR Yound In my yard In a
prostrate condition last Sunday evenln* "
lent Wright th.s evening -arid
1 bad her tle,| l in my stable and fed and
watered. On Monday she was tied in the
.1,1. where her owner mi B ht rind her
Monday night she whs placed In a box
stall in the stable, and Tuesday mornlne
again tied In the rard. Weber th.;- n came
;«nd got her and borrowed a rope to take
!ar away with. This animal would have
Buffered a good de u i. and might have died
if it hnd not been for my eaxo Does
ure too cheap to s=teal. anyhow and we
bave plenty of them In town already |\>r
all 1 km.w. this man Weber may not have
I the dog. but I let him take h- r
away. aUtaony'a presence at San Rafnel
xplalna the whnfe affair. Ho i, angry
.' verne to Sau
s;ilit.. from Roddens court, where I couid
»t Justice, and there won my cane '
warrant has ben placed In 'the
f Deputy < 'unstable George Agnew
and win be aanrad early in the morning
Wedding ln\itatlon» and visiting cards
;>ri:it«d aud •Bgravvd at Sanborn & Yail'a*
SHIPPING OF FOREIGN NATIONS
OUTGROWING THAT OF AMERICA
Commissioner of Navigation's Report Shows the Results
of the Congressional Neglect of the United
States Merchant Marine.
WASHINGTON, Nov. T9-The anmi
aJ report of Mr. Chamberlain, tho
Commissioner of Navigation, shows
that American shipping Industries
shored in the general prosperity of the
country during the past fiscal year. Tae
returns disclose more satisfactory condi
tions than those of any former year In the
bureau's history. The total documented
tonnage on June 30. 1599. comprised J i.7_"s
vessels of 4.564.238 gross tons, which ia our
largest since 1865.
The tonnage operating under our coast-
Ing laws, 21,397 vessels of 4,015.952 gross
I tons. is the largest In our history and
j greater than the coasting tonnage of any
! other nation. Our steam tonnage. 2,476.011
I tons, for the nrst time exceeds the ton
nage of all other craft. In the rest of the
world steam tonnage eleven years ago ex
ceeded sail tonnage. Our tonnage regis
tered for foreign trade remains small, and
last year American vessels carried a frao
i tion less than 9 per cent of our exports
J and Imports, the ei»alle«t percentage In
I our history- Based on bureau veritas re
turns, the world's seagoing sail tonnage
in the past quarter of a century has de
creased from 14.155.536 tons to 5.61«3.70y tons,
I a decrease of 40 per cent. The decrease
' in the United States has been at the aver
age rate. The world's seagoing tonnage In
; the same period has increased from 4.325,
193 tons to 13, 887,132 tons, or 3C6 per cent.
i The phenomenal Increases have been Nor
way's- 1400 per cent, and Germany's nearly
700 per cent. The Increase of the United
j States has been only 68 per cent, and the
1 Increase of American steam tonnage reg
j lstered for foreign trade on Atlantic and
( Gulf coasts has been only 35 per cent.
The development of Alaska within the
! past few years has caused a rapid in
crease in the Pacific Coast trade.
Within the past twenty years the United
States, In seagoing steam tonnage, has
dropped from the second place, next to
Great Britain, to the fourth position, be
low Germany and France, and if steam
ships in foreign trade alone are consid
ered, below Norway and Spain and only
slightly ahead of Japan.
'1 he report reviews briefly the legisla
tion of other nations In behalf of their
merchant shipping, showing that last year
European nations and Japan expended
over 126,000,000 to promote it in various
forms, while the United States. spent only
$955,211. On their steamship lines to China
and Japan foreign nations expended about
J5.0-JO.OOO. while for the same purpose the
United States expended less than J4'j,o'jO.
The establishment of two or more fast
American steamship lines on the Pad lie
Coast to connect with A.-..1 will furnish
the capitals of Western Europe with
closer mail and passenger connections by
from three to five days than is now possi
ble by the heavily subsidized British, Ger
man and French steamship lines through
the Suez canal.
The reasons which Impel other nations
to develop their merchant shipping, says
Mr Chamberlain, apply with equal force
to the United States. Among them are:
First, the relations of the navy to the
merchant marine as an element of na
tional defense; second, relations of mer
chant marine to Insular territory; third.
Its relation to new markets in Asia, Af
BETTER INDIAN
SCHOOLS NEEDED
Annual Report of Com
missioner Jones.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nor. 19 —The annual
report of ih»- Commissioner «'f Indian Af-
U'llliam A. Jones, !•• aides r< viewing
tti»- progress of affairs in all branches of
the set Vice, lira's more m hools, more sys>
tematte m^thou?, study of Individual
traits and consideration of subsequent en
ment In outlying studies In th<» In
dian schools. The entire educational sys
t<-m <if the In<l!an Office, he says, is pr><l-
Icated on the final abolishment of the
anamulous Indian reservation system.
There are now 2". .".22 boyi and girls It: at
tendance on the various Indian schools
OUt of an enrollment of over 2T..000.
The Indian population has remained
• • r^ary and there has been such a
steady Increase in the number of Indians
being educated as to warrant the opinion j
that the next quarter century will witness !
not a diminution of the Indian population,
but an extinguishment of Indian t r i t ■••.-». i
One discouraging factor, however, la dls
dosed by the unsatisfactory results of I
tlie past nine years' trial of co-rduc;itinn
of the Indians with the wbltea in the pub
li< v. hools.
T)]f removal of the Perrls School, in
Southern California, and rebuilding it In
a more suitable locality will be recom
mended to Congress. Concerning the In
dian Territory, the rei>ort severely ar
raigns nepotism, lack or management, dr
morallsed condltons and a deplorable
state of affairs generally In administering
the schools and orphan asylums of the
Plva Indian nations. Reporting on the
Cnlppewa outbreak of last autumn. Com
missioner Jones says:
"For many years the Chlppewas have
been arrested and taken from their homes
to St. Paul and other points as \\r
or as offenders, chiefly In whlslcv ■
often wholesale arrests have been made
solely for the fees which would accrue to
th* officials. Indians have been helped to
obtain whisky by the very ones who ar
rested them for using it. In some cases
Indians carried off to court have been
left to get ba< k home a* betst they could.
The whole matter of arrests by* deputy
marshals had come to be a farce, a frawd
and a hardship to tho Chlppewas and a
disgrace to the community."
SEVEN BUILDINGS
DESTROYED BY FIRE
One Man Burned to Death and Two
Others Are Snld to Be
Missing.
MrSKOHKE. I. T.. Nov. 13 -The Jit.
ChartoO Hotel and six »)iiil<stngs at Waa>
oner were destroyed by fire la«t night. The
hmme was filled with guestn. one of
whom, a traveling man from Kort Smith
by the name of Whiteside. was buri;.il
to death. Two others ar.' missing. Loss
to property $20,000; partly Jnsurad.
BIG WHEAT DEAL.
German Operator Makes Large Pur
chases in America.
KANSAS CUT. Nov. 19. -The Journal
Pays: Alfred Duttonhofer. who Is at the
head of a g"™' n firm with headquarters
ut Mannheim and Dulaberg. Germany, has
Just closed dea,l» with several local grain
firm* involving a, purchase of several hun
dred thousand dollars' worth of South
western wheat, and left last night for Gal
\eaton. where he will make arrangements
fur the shipment of the grain to Europe
'The failure or partial failure of the
Russian wheat crop," said Mr. Dutt.n
hofer. "Is responsible for my visit to Kan
sas City The quality of the Russian
wheat is so poor this year that we do not
care to use lt.'^
Leather Prices Advance.
CHICAGO. NOV. 19— The Record to
morrow will say: All kinds of leather
and hides in the Tnlted States and
Canada have taken a sudden Jump in
price because ut a general scarcity of.
rlca, Australia and South America:
fourth. lh< : : the best
mall facilities 1 Hag; fifth, the
relations of the merchant marine to ex
ports and imports and the value of the
carrying trade, and finally, the promotion
of shipbuilding and contributory tno.ua
trlca,
By various methods of computation, the
annual value of the ocean carrying trade
of the United States is estimated at about
1175.000,000, including passenger and immi
grant fares and payments for ocean malls
to and from the United States. The argu
ment that American shipping in the for
eign trade Is handicapped by tariff duties
Is met by reference to progressive legis
lation beginning In 1572. by which for the
last five years all materials for the con
struction of American vessels In the for
eign trade and all supplies for such ves
sels have been exempt from duties. Ton
nage taxes, which are Imposed equally on
foreign and American vessels, are the
only form of Federal taxation of Ameri
can shipping. The proposition to repeal
tonnage taxes would, therefore. In effect,
be equivalent to a bounty of about $750.
000 annually to foreign shipping and would
relieve American shipping of only JSO.OuO
of taxes annually.
The report then takes up the methods
which have recently been suggested for
the promotion of the American merchant
marine. It Is pointed out that discrimin
ating duties on cargoes In foreign ves
sels or on the tonnage of foreign vessels
are an impracticable remedy on account
of treaty provisions. The same objec
tions apply to the proposition to grant
bounties on exports in American vessels.
The proposition to grant American regis
try to foreign-built vessels In the foreign
trade is not regarded as feasible, in view
of the fact that the cost of operating ves
sels under the American flag is .-oticed
e<lly much greater than the cost of operat-
Ing foreign vessels. The appropriation to
develop merchant marine through ocean
mall subsidies is only a partial solution
of the question. While the need of at
least two fast mall steamship lines to
Asia and one to South America Is Indis
putable, the establishment of ship lines
would not suffice to put our navigation
and -shipbuilding on a satisfactory basis.
The report Is In the main devoted to a
consideration of Senate bill 6590, reported
by Senator Frye at the last session as a
SUbsitUte for the bills introduced by Sen
ator llaniia and Representative Payne
It 1- pointed out that th« maximum ex
penditure under that bill for any one
year Is fixed at 19.000.000, from which
however, should be deducted J1.500,000. the
present cost of carrying our ocean malls
on American vessels, which will continue
whatever the fate of the bill may be. The
actual maximum annual expenditure pro
posed by the bill Is thus in effect fixed at
17,600.000. Assuming that all our vessels
registered for foreign trade were fully
occupied throughout the year at the pres
ent time the new expenditure under, the
bill would be In round numbers $3,000 CkO
Before the maximum Is reached, the ca
pacity of our shipyards must be increased
many times, but tonnage under our flag
engaged in the foreign trade must be
multiplied several fold. This increase in
the capacity of our shipyards and in our
tonnage in foreign trade will show ability
on our part to compete on more nearly
even terms with foreign nations. The pro
rata reductions In compensation provided
tw^'. en the maximum expenditure of
J?.UX).ouO is reached will thus coincide with
the lessened need of Government assist
ance.
iw and manufactured material put
the markets almost in a state of
Tba Transvaal war is helping to
draw the low available supplies of
American leather and ;tdd t.. the famine
CD leather and hides have
sported to England in large quan
tities lately and the demand from across
the water is on the Increase.
J^L* n bIS 1^ ssi^ 9I 1 /*"^ y **C* it. \ ' /^* t ■* f
*jyj M \. ■ M i- ' mv \ \ * jCs \i- > V*^i
$| can't be pictured to you in i j
g| mere words. How can we im- I
&jj press you with the good making, | / 2§j
jjgp the serviceable linings, the fast i j r^
color of the blue, the style and J I **$■
the grace of the suits ? <3^Slfe/
•fj* How can we prove to you J
2p^ that you are to get a $15 value gT
l^ All that we can say is : Our policy — your moneys jj||
worth or your money returned. E&jj
i'f-. But if you will see the suits it will end all contro- 'jjjjjjs
MB versy. Don't even have to come in — see our large ' i: ps
g$ Boys' Pants «
&m They are made of remnants from our tailoring department — if EH
fr^" they were made In the usual manner from materials selected tor i-v
Kg the purpose the prices would be Si. 00, $ 1.25 and 51.50 ; pants are HiW
fciir ; lined, strong waistbands, well made, ages 3to 14 years. ggSjj
I (S) S.N .WO OP £CO I
: '^ V^JI^X 718 MARKET 51 \^LO^y p3jj
1^ Out-of-t*own orders rilled— write us for iiQK
j^f; our n:\v Illustrated cataloju; No. 2. EgS
During the decide ending IS.IS our •ship
yard- produced only 213.000 gross tons of
ocean steamships, while In the ' same
period German yards turned out- $50,000
gross tons and British yards 9,^*0.000
gross tons. The difference in the cost. of
construction ami operation of American
and British vessels Is considered In some
detail it ts pointed out that of the 3-52
steamships .if fourteen knots or over now
In existence in the world, over SO per'oeni
are receiving in one form or other assist
ance from the Governments to which they
belong. aggregating upward of $-.*0.000.00 d.
This Is deemed In justification for the
proposition In the bill to give a db«tlnct
allowance to American steamships of
fourteen knots or upward.
The report recommends moderate In
creases in our tonnage taxes, equalizing
them with those imposed at the principal
Kuropean ports, ar.d favors the passage
of the bills applying the laws of the
Lnlted States relating to commerce, .nav
igation and merchant seamen to Hawaii
and Porto Rico, thus bringing these Isl
ands under the coasting laws of. the
united States. It Is recommended that
vessels owned by Cubans be placed by
law on an equality with vessels belonging
to the most favored nation.
Under an existing statute It has been
necessary to Impose a tonnage tax of t\
per gross ton— practically prohibitory—
upon such vessels, and this Injustice., both
to ourselves and Cubans, can be remedied
only by legislation.
under the so-called White bin for the
protection of seamen American sailors
now enjoy a larger degree of personal lib
erty than ever before and much more
than the seamen of any other nation,
that law radically changing the nature of
the seamen's agreement. Reports from
shipping commissioners show that the al
lotment sections have been of decided
benefit to seamen and that efforts to
break down these sections during • the
spring and early summer have failed and
the law is in the main successfully en
forced.
Attention is directed to the menace to
navigation resulting from the long tows
of coal barges along the Atlantic coast,
especially at New York. Boston and other
important harbors, and of large timber
rafts on the Pacific coast.
SUBSTITUTE SUBSIDY
MAY PASS CONGRcS-
CLEVELAND, Nov. l? A MO mmllar
to the Hanna-Payne merchant marine
subsidy bill will be Introduced arid :
by «'<.ngress at this session, i< cording to
Senator Hanna. Mr. Hanna said to-day :
"If It had not been for discussion upon
the ratit'K atlon of the Sp..- treaty
which interrupted the consideration of the '
Hanna-Payne bill, the latter would un- 1
doubted! >• have been passed and n;
law. The bill will be fiercely opposed by
a strong lobby, backed up by the •
of foreign transportation com|
ing in fact opposed at the present tlme
through the lati
without any doubt the anxiety with ■■
foreigners view the 1
ape f the subsid] bill.
■The arKiim. rit of Senator .Tones of Ar
■ansas and other Soul
• bill that
by the bill is
nt of the magnitude
export trade the South would •
profit by It*
be gr>at .
Fire Near Elmira.
BLMIRA. Nov. i:< -The handsome two
story residence of the Klllkeny Hr
nb..ut three miles n ., r th ..f Klmir
completely destroyed by tlr<
mornln«. The supposition is that t
started from a defective flue. Th.
in* was a n*>w .me and the losa
I UjuO: iusur.in. c. 5:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
HEBENBAUH
m *»•* CO.-<*
□ H
a 222-224 SUTTER STREET S3
D g
■ SPECIAL REDUCTIONS §
■ Monty, Tuesday, Wednesday. S
! g We invite your special attention ■
jg to our long li*t of "seasonable" ■
I H goods at reduced prices. Every ]
B article is sold with our Rinrantee. jj
j U Latest European Novelties In 5
■ 'able Delicacies continue to arrive, bj
j ■ Butter 40c square ■
i D ChotCMt Creamery. Rsssj i-y Me.
• ■ M nee Meat pt 30c. qt 55c ■
i = E*tr» fancy hotr.».mad?. i-ut up In 2
si Mfety valve Jar*. KesuUrly. pint 40c. ■
■ quart tic. SJ
■ Mince Meat. pt jar 25c. qt 40c £
B 1-2 fcnllon 7.V ■
;■1 A rood quality— the kind that ■.< .-■ fj
■ ■ rr-iilr told Regularly, pint inc. quart ■
O cv. 4 gallon ttc £j
S Boiled Cider, pure, qt bottle 30c ■
E Kegularly 40c
| " Cranberries only 10c g
I Choicest Care CtxJ. Buy them thta ■
B *"' -. ttrlJ *aye Cc a quart. H;
| 2 Macaroni, No. I Cal box 25c f
H VT* MICELLI or SPAGHETTI. Tie*- 5
!■I cularly Sic. Li
i 2 Olives qt 15c. gal 60c ■
_ Manzanllla. Kg Tic qt.. ;;c (at. W
| ■ Pineapple 25c tin ■
1~~ Ha»t India— cubes: of • deliciou* si
I ■ Cavor; In 3-lb tin- Kerularty 30c. ■
■ Gall Soap, "German," cake 20c 5
S R»4tore» color of faded silk* an 1 fln« bj
bj •> slssjs; r*movea tan and sr«aa«. ■■
■j Iterularly Kc. ™
£ Putz Pomade. German. 5c tin ■
•a Best polUh for brass, copper. t!n and 1
[ every kind of metal. Rerularly Me. El
a ,7 __ 7. Wringers g
5 IliiPi "Brighton" g
Idl^fcMiSs^BS ¥2 5 1 •0 J I
' B toller. Ix\
S Vmxx ■' *" i8 * Inrhes. s•>l.l •*
■ SSf«. »— if** •* with i m rlt t ••• ■
H «u»r»m»" : fj
■■ s*^""^^^ "ne^Uarly.^ r ■
H JUsularly.
■ Curtain Stretchers $200 ■
B Latest •• ; - nd. with adjustable 09
B pln»: ;■'» only at thla reduced price. ■
n Ueculariy tl W. "j
g Folding Iron Boards 5115 each ■
g Regularly »1 ZQ. 3
a Scotch Whisky Si 5 bot I
*■ P. R. & Co.>. 10 year* old. Flne«t old ■
B Otenllvet. Analyzed as to purity by ■
D i: I:. Tatlock. public ar^lyst ut Ula»- ma
3 cow. g
t i Gin -Hcland gal $3-25. bot 75c ■
I m Imported. Regularly gal. Si. bot. 90c. H
! b Cherries in Maraschino pts 40c "
B "Victor." Specially put up for (am- H
' B "V ■■• Rerularly >'-■. — »
■ Cigars- "E 1 Amor" §
n Is ■ gentleman's smoke. Try It. S
■h Country order* recetve prumpt atten> n
■J tion. «
•* We (hip free wtthln KO miles. □
■ 23
BBBHPBaBHBEgPHBgBBBaaa
FOR SAlir
STW acres of choice train land In Cola*.*
County, live miles east of Arbuckl#. The Land *
is all reclaimed and abvolutely protected by
lndei>end-nt levees from flood waters. The
yield for the past season was over U tacks of
wheat p«r arre.
Improvements consint ef a flne •» ••->ry
dwelling with hot and rolj water throughout,
three large barns and well*.
The land tr a!-*e*?e<l for $M.O>). The Improve-
ments are Insured for $!?.500.
For further Information apply to
J. DALZELL DROWN. Manner,
CALIFORNIA SAFE HEPOSIT AND TRUST
COMPANY.
Montgomery and California Its., Pan Franclaco.
Hi GBwB k. T^—T^a " '•* r^val
M pBBJB Jt> \r*TsH3^fc WR n^ iP\
9 HI En Hfn wm mwM hTbih
I «&. Bbl bwb^l I^bb \ "^ ~X>w
1899-1 AXES--! 899
NOTTCE IS TIEREBT GIVEN that THE
first Installment of Real Estate BbBBS an ! a 1
unpaid Personal Property Taxes will b* <3«tln-
quent and IS per cent added on MON'OAT.
November 77. at * o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING. NOVEMBER It,
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND !»ATLT«DAT
EVKNINGS. November 24 and 15. from I to 3
o'clock.
fiDWARU I. stl!l!l\N.
Tax Collector of th« City and County of Saa
Francisco.
&&£ VITALIS
THE NEW
SSJS^HfeI FRENCH..
trrr ioth D.y. •!*- '^L y mCM bliis
VITALIS 3Ot! ' D4y « REMEDY..
BSSCLTI ll.j :ir»l» v ■HfffMmlbrtmMM.UM Cnl
I>r-»m«.W.«tiru Dmuni all ''rttat «*lf «>><><• or n'nin m
ir • .rr-t.nr.t R>,t..r-i U»t V.t«: :». t ,-m-r * •»•■"
Hards i>S ln«»nty .-n.urr.pl. n . i v.-. »h»n >:uih.r< 111 1 V.
IniKton h4iim VITA Ll*, r... ..th-r r.n t,.f,, n .| in *«n
»oek«t. t;r..i*l.oiis. • ;,,,.. r-i(r •.'..im »,th a
I nannl»«fn < ■«•• «r tlrlmm4 Ik* *•>«/. rireultr Ttn »•■.,,
CULUXET i I K1 T0..«11U,.rk.f.M..1 M ...
Sola in ±ux Ir.ncnoo *a.l o>>!ta 1 by it« Uwi Dn ( Bj
t FAVORITE
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
, JR WEAKWOMEIV.
lA/. T. HESS.
NOTARY PUdLIC AMD ATTOKKKT-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Clans |BBSBssjßl B'.dg.
Telephone Brown ML
Residence. S!l California at., below Powtli.
San Francisco.
COKE! COKE!
P. A. Me PON A LD.
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Cokt.
OFFICE 113 FOLSOM ST.
THE WEEKLY CALL
SI per Year.
34
—
MONDAY NOVEMBER 20. 1899
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
*q" f - l - cations to W. S. EAKI Manager
PI.BUCATIOX OFnrn...M«rket nnd Third. 5. F.
Telephone Main INttH.
IIDITOniAL KOOJIS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1-74.
Delivered by Carriers, 13 Onto Per Week.
*» I»» !«■ Copies. .*. Cents.
Term* by Mull. Including roßtsgei
IHII.V CALL itn.-lu<ltn **»ui.!n>i, one > ear. .fffl.OO
I) MI.V CALL (in. lu«l In miimlii.i. .; months. . 3.00
DAILY CALL (In. 1 .id Int mi 11 U a. « 1. 3 month*.. 1 '•<>
DAILY CALL li» Mr.nl.- Month «.'»«
SI MiM CALL One Year USO
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmaster* nre authorised to recelva
anhkcrlptlona.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested
OAKLAND OFFICE tXVS Broadway
C. GEORGE KnOGXBSS.
»•»»»« Foreign Advertising. Marqnette Bnlld-
Inir, Chicago.
Xn\V VOIIK COIUIESPOJTDEXTi
C. C CAIILTON Herald Square
M \\ YORK lIKPIIKSK.VTATIVEi
I'IHKI Mlv -111 .:» Trlbnne Dalldtnir
CHICAGO M:\VS BTAJTIMI
Shertnnn II. ■»•-. I' O. \rw* Co.) Great North
ern Hotels I iiimiii lloooe; A nell toriom Hotel.
m \\ roRK m:\vs stands 1
Ualdnrl-\«i<irl!i Hotel 1 \. Urentano, 31 Union
»<jn«r.-; Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON Hi. C> OFFlCE.. Wellington Hotel
J. 1.. 1 XCI I*U. Correspondent.
DUANCII OFFICES—- SS7 Montgomery -tret, ror
n»-r Clay, <ipen nmll !«:::•» o'clock. 300 Hn>m
street, ••!*•• until Ds3o o'olocU. •.'.:• McAlll«ter
• treet, open mull B>| -.ii o'clock. 11l Larkln
Mreet. .11.ru nnill •• :.:.■ o'clock. 11141 Ml—
street, open until 141 ••'<-!. '. _«il Market
street, corner Mateenth, open until !• o'clock.
lOJMI Valencia utreet, open until it o'clock.
KHI Kl.-» .11 111 ntreet. open until It o'clock.
N\V. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
rrr(«. ..|i. II until II o'clock.
AIiUSEMENTS.
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Co!uaMt-"Why frr.'.th I^ft Hoffli."
CsJlforr.ls— "Ten Tcnson."
Gra^a Oywra Hcm«»— "Evasjeline.**
Tivoll— "Marlts.r.s.."
Alcazar^- "*ljr Friend From ln<3!«_"
Alhoxr.brs— "ln 014 Kentucky."
Cfcuti-s. £>jo anl Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon aad
ever, ing .
Oljrr.rla. corcrr Varon and K'.l'.t etreets— Specialties.
Oectral Park— s:<»ej>lecha*e and performances.
rasorsA* Battle cf Mar. 11 a ii*j. Market street, near
Elf-nth.
Mechanics* PavlUoo— Gr&ad Carnival Eail. This.k*rlrtcs
er»r:!r.«.
Oakland Racetrsxk— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By 6. Watklr»— Tuesday. No\es:ber a. at V o'clock. Horsea.
at 111" Mlfi:on urett.
THE LATEST WALL STREET GAME.
re week was the ex-
of the Wall-street conspiracy to bleed
borrowers. For months Wall street has been.
groaning under the burden of tight money, and sev
eral weeks ago the Government was implored to re
lieve the stringency by buying back bonds issued by
previous administrations. But the Government at
first declined, saying that the stringency was no:
mercantile but speculative, and artificial at that, It
was openly charged, and subsequently discovered, that
certain iihvlocks in the street were borrowing im
mense sums of money that they did not need and
leaving it in the lenders' hands subject to ca!L All
' such money was, of course, withdrawn from circula
tion, funds became scarce, and the wealthy borrowers
then loaned their own private money at ruinous rates,
of interc^. liut the pressure became so great that
ai length the Government did consent to buy bonds —
not to the amount of $100,000,000 as desired, but to
the amount of $.25,000,000. The sequence was amus
ing and instructive to the whole country*. The joke
was, that after all the outcry for the purchase of bonds
very few parties could be found who wanted to sell.
The banks immediately declined, saying that the
money market was tight only in Wall street, and
they preferred to keep their bonds. A syndicate to
, sell $10,000.000. was formed and that was all. So the
Government's charges proved true.
The efTcct, however, was good. The money mar
ket at once eased off, being assisted by a material in
crease in the circulation by liberal call loans by the
banks. London, too, appeared in the market as a
moderate buyer of our securities, so the situation
became much easier.
There are growing indications of a halt in the iron
boom. Pigiron has indeed advanced, but manufac
tared products are weakening, and the new demand
does not offset the completion of old orders. How
ever, the latter are sufficient to keep the majority of
mills running far into the coming year. The minor
metals continue to decline, as a rule. On the other
hand, many lines are showing continued strength.
Lumber is firm and active. Wool is also in good
demand, both for export and local account, and
cereals, hides and leather, boots and shoes have ruled
firm for some time, though wheat weakened off
somewhat. Prices for provisions suffered some shad
ing. The textile manufactures continue to sell freely,
though wool products are hampered by the rise in
the raw product.
The bank clearings of the country fell of? last week.
being only 17.6 per cent larger than for the same
week last year, though every large city except St.
Paul showed a gain. The gains, however, showed a
scaling down everywhere from recent levels, and
Pittsburg dropped to 68.1 per cent, with New York
showing a gain of only 16 per cent and Chicago 21.
per cent. The failures for the week were 219, against
223 last year, which is also a less favorable showing
than for some months.
On this coast there are few new features. All lines
continue to report activity, with no diminution in
the demand for all sorts of goods. Fluctuations in
produce and merchandise have been few, but almost
always in the direction of higher prices. The con
tinued rains promise a year of heavy crops, and as
most farm and orchard products are bringing Rood
prices the effect on the community hi excellent. Col
lections arc reported pood, failures are infrequent
and small, and solvent borrowers find no difficulty in
feenring funds at reasonable rates of interest. As far
as California is concerned the situation could hardly
be better.
A witness in a will contest at San Rafael testified
the other day that he considered hi* mother of un
sound mind M she came to hit house one day in
a dress that had no - res. That witness probah'y
never attended one of the swell functions of the
Four Hundred.
A movement is on foot to pet nil the manufacturers
of cameras into a pipantic trust— to focus photo
crapl.ic capital, as it were.
STREET LIGHTING PROBLEMS.
LITERALLY it is a dark prospect that confronts
San Francisco this winter so far as the lighting
of the streets is concerned. Under the present
arrangement large districts of the city are but dimly
; lighted on any night and the whole city is left ur.-
I lighted for seven nights out of every thirty. During
1 those nights the only illuminations upon even our
rst thoroughfares are those which are radiated
from t:.e of shops, are supplied by private
r are given by the moon.
Such a condition in a city of the wealth and popu
rrancisco amounts to what is virtually
; a municipal disgrace. It is an evidence of incom
cy ar.c inefh'cier.cy in the administrative authori
f the ami • That, however, is not novr
- KM in point. The question is not who is to be
for the situation, but how to provide a
remedy for it c on the moon, on shop win
privatc enterprise may be sufficient to fur
msh light! -age, but not for a great city, and
efforts should be made at once to provide the :
■ eeds of the community rie:nar.d.
It is conceded that the task is one of some diffi-
The appropriations for lighting d'iring the
fiscal year hive been made and cannot be changed.
.Supervisor . however, has suggested in an
interview with The Call a plan by which something
at least may be accomplished. It is to have the out
going and the incoming Boards of Supervisors agree
-mselves to create a deficiency in the
■ lighting fund, and in that way provide for light
| ing the streets during the winter even.' night in the
; month. The sukjeestion affords a basis upon which
oild. It may not be approved by other officials,
• it is at any rate something definite and to the
?e and serves therefore as a good starting point
which tn go forward in dealing with the issue.
One thing is certain. Responsibility for the dark
1 ness of the «treets for so many nights out of every
th rests upon the officials of the city. It is use
j less to say that re::ance upon the moonlight d
! the j the fall m<->on has been the custom for
i years, nor does it . -ing to say trfat no one
now in office had to do with establishing
the precedent. It is sufficient that those in office now
have charge of the pnbl • * re now, and it is to
the people look for redress of evils of this kind.
are a very large proportion of t:
A city whose re left in darkness that often :
re to attr:: • I ea, burglars and footpads, and
. c encouragement to tramps and ether Idle and
•» to re«ort to the practices of foot
1 pads. The darkness of the streets is a heavy handi
r n the police and a source of danger to all ;
: whose work or pleasure takes them out at 1
I Surely for an ( rach magnitude some remedy
j can be provided. If the Perranlt plan be not
">rr.e other be adopted. Ths '■
:-.s to wfc • I of over
| comi- . The one thing desired '
is a system of sti c to public needs.
O the Boer commander who is
trding Kimberley, has ser.t word to Cecil
Rhodes that the drinks will be on him when the
This is probably the most sardonic mc
c on record of ar. invitation for a man to "set
op."
News comes that many Samoans are heeled {of
conflict In this they differ from certain pugnacious
individuals in this country who are generally g!ove#i
for a 6ght.
OUR DOCK FACILITIES. -
STATEMENTS made in an interview with The
1 by T. C. Friedlander, secretary of the San
Fra: . r . luce Exchange, recall public at
tention to the importance of increasing the facilities
r receiving large ocean steamers and
accoi . - commerce which they bear. In
urse of I a Mr. Friedlander is quoted
as ha "We cannot wait long. Steamers of
10,000 tons are building, and it is intimated that the
: Coast terminus of the Jine upon which they
r.in will be at Seattle. If we wish to have 10,000
' imcrs come here we have to move.'
There is no exaggeration in these statements. The
increase in the magnitude of ocean going vessels has
forced even the greatest ports in the world to device
plans for meeting the requirements of their trade.
vements and dock improvements arc
being discussed in every seaport of note on the
globe. The rapidity with which the tonnage of ves
sels is being increased «as shown by a recent state
ment concerning shipbuilding in Great Britain, from
which it appears that there were thirty-five more
launched in Great Britain in the first eight
months oi n in the same period of 1899, but
the gross tonnage was 222,747 tons less in the former
year. In the first eight months of 1898 there were
Mxty-' :.e more ships launched than in the same
period of 1899, but the gross tonnage was 7688 tons
less. In other words, the average tonnage of the
ships launched in iKgj was 1535; in 1898 it was 1905,
and in i>v9 it was 2191.
The economic forces of the time compel the con
struction of large vessels, since the larger ship can
freight at a less proportionate cost than the
smaller one. In discussing the subject Senator Frye
recently sa id: "When the largest freighter was 3000
the rate across the Atlantic was $8 50 a ton;
when 6000 tons, $6 a ton; when 8000 tons, $3 50 a
ton; when 10,000 tons, $2 50 a ton." From that
record it will be seen that a port which cannot ac
commodate the largest of ocean steamers will not
lon^' hold its own as a metropolis of commerce. Mr.
Friedlander was right in saying. "If we wish to have
10,000 ton steamers come here we have to move," and
he might have added that if we wish to keep moving
we must provide for steamers of that size to come.
THE BUFFALO VOTIhG MACHINE
SHORTLY after the recent elections we directed
attention to reports given of the excellent re
sults obtained from the use of balloting ma
chines in several of the larger cities of New York.
One of the effects of the good showing that was
j made has been a revival in the East of public interest
in that system of voting, and the whole question is
now being discussed with ■ good deal of elaboration.
The Buffalo Express has given some interesting in
formation concerning the manner in which the ma
chines arc operated and the time which the average
voter requires to vote by means of them. In the
course of the article the Express says:
"The process :u the ; cry simple. There
were tour election - clerks on the reg
;arty had a watcher checking
'rom ot the ■.
ting time who
minute lllowed I : would
men
■
fie! from another, he m bat ntunber h,
TITK SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1809.
That is, if 330 men had voted ahead of him he was
No. 331. Between him and the machine probably
were four men in line, while others waited behind
him. He moved up until he reached the machine in
turn, when he told his name and number to the man
with the watch, then stepped up, threw over the top
lever which closed the curtain beuind him, voted,
threw back the curtain, and went out."
As an illustration of the rapidity with which the
voting can be done by the machine it is said: "One
minute is a long time in which to vote. To test what
could be done within the minute one voter pulled the
straight Republican lever, threw back its pointers,
polled the Democratic lever and threw back its point
ers, repeated it twice, split on seven Republicans,
threw back their pointers, split on six Democrats,
threw back their pointers, closed up both lines of
ten, then pulled a party lever and voted. He
did not hurry, and when h e came out he had used
just fifty-two seconds."
A votinc machine that makes a record of that kind,
and which does its work with rapidity, accuracy and
economy is certainly better than the system now in
vogue which leaves so much room for errors if not
frauds in the count. Sooner or later all large cities
in the country will adopt the machines, and it may
be safely said in most of them the sooner they do it
the better.
An Oakland man has raised himself to the danger
ous prominence of a public menace by attacking the
:ng of a myriad of men who are usually con
sidered reputable. He wants to be considered in
- • - because he has been in the habit of borrowing
money without knowing when or how to pay it back.
Panama wants to be annexed to the United States.
This is probably the preliminary announcement thnt
another of the Latin-American governments is soon
to be in the midst of a revolution.
THE OMERICON WOMAN fIBRO^D
OXE of the interesting facts which has been
given br ination by the war between
the British and the Boers is the position
American women occupy in British society. They
constitute a distinct element in the social world and
I are recently organized themselves into an associa
tion bearing the distinctive title "American Women,"
for the purpose of supplying hospital stores for the
sick and the wounded of the army.
There are a great many women of British birth in
the L':r!:ei S-.ates, but they do not parade the fact
nor are they a distinguishable element in any gather
ing or in any work. It is true that in politics we
have bodies of men known as German-Americans or
Iri?h-Americans, but these exist for campaign pur
poses only. They have no social existence and are
never thought of in relation to social functions. The
American woman, however, when she goes abroad
remains an American to the extent at least of assert
ing her nativity and making it felt in every direction.
Some of the leaders of the American woman's as
sociation for raising money ior the wounded of the
war have been living in Great Britain for yeari.
They^are the wives of British lords and statesmen,
the mothers of British sons, but they still cling to the
American name. There seems to be a sort of pa
triotism in them that survives all the changes which
years of absence from their native land bring about.
"In spite of all temptations to belong to other na
tions" they insist upon being known as American
women. So we have Lady Randolph Churchill,
whose son at the front is now a prisoner in the hands
of the Boers, and Mrs. Chamberlain, wife of the
Secretary of State for the Colonies, posing not a?
.'.l matrons but as American women, and under
that title doing work for the cause in which their
hearts are engaged.
In a certain respect it is not altogether satisfactory
to have these ardent women displaying their devotion
to the British so conspicuously under the title of an
association of American women. The term might be
misleading. Persons not familiar with the facts
might readily presume from the reports that the
women of America are sympathizers with the British,
when as a matter of fact the majority of them are not.
For example a recent dispatch from London said:
"American women have been enabled to express
their sympathy for England in the Queen's own
womanly way, when diplomatic etiquette and pro
priety have silenced the Embassy. The American
scheme for equipping a hospital ship for the wounded
soldiers and distressed refugees has commanded ad
miration and respect and has been carried out with
great spirit and practical skill. Mrs. Blow is credited
with having been the first to suggest the movement,
but Lady Randolph Churchill has taken full charge of
it, with the assistance of all the best-known American
women in England."
Clearly that is not a fair statement. It misrepre
sents the case, for the women who are doing so much
for Great Britain and showing their sympathy are
not really representative American women in the full
meaning of the word. Since they have taken the
title, however, it is pleasing to note they are doing
their work with eminent success. They have raised
something like $150,000 and got a steamship to take
the supplies to South Africa. To that extent at any
rate they prove themselves truly American women.
When they go for money they get it, and moreover
they get it promptly.
William F. Herrin is. displaying a remarkable de
gree of candor. In an argument before the Inter
state Commerce Commission at St. Louis he said
that the Southern Pacific Company does not regu
late freight rates to yield profit to others. He would
have been fully as candid and more truthful if he had
said that the Southern Pacific Company regulates
freight rates to permit no profit to others.
There is one species of "grafting" in horticulture to
which fruit producers of the State do not take kindly.
One of the employes of the California Paris Exposi
tion Commission has been accused of using his au
thority as a weapon with which to charm dollars into
his own pocket by "grafting" upon the fruit-growers.
The City Council of Dcs Moines. lowa, has passed
a curfew ordinance under which all persons are liable
to arrest who are found on the streets without a good
excuse after 11 o'clock at night Indications seem to
be favorable for a splendid liar -crop at Dcs Moines
in the near futtire.
The 'British have evidently determined to enact
their South African tragedy behind closed doors.
The news censors are doing their work so well that
reports from the scene of war are simply bewildering
1 nse.
Ie advices are authority for the information
ll rain night and day in Ladysmith. it is
that some of the Leonids that did not ap
• in this country may have been in the bunch.
An amusement resort has advertised a balloon as
n by a Chinese. Nothing could be more
natural than that the daring Oriental should make
an attempt to reach the celestial regions.
MINES AND MINERALS.
SCIENCE AND OIL BOOMS.
PETROLEUM AND PROGRESS.
PHILIPPINE OIL FIELDS
About 2400 copies of the splendid book
of 608 pages, "California Mines and Min
erals," published by the California Min
ers' Association under the direction of
Secretary E. H. Benjamin, as a souvenir
of the California meeting of the Amer
can Institute of Mining Engineers In Sep
tember, were last week shipped to the
office of the secretary of the Institute.
Rossi ter W. Raymond, in New York, who
will distribute them by mail to the mem
bers of the institute. Secretary Raymond
generously offered to do this, which will
save the California Miners' Association
several hundred dollars in postage. There
have already been given or mailed to
members of the Institute 1*54 copies, mak
ing 2otU forwarded to members. The pub
lishers delivered 23*S copies, and of the
balance of 421 copies all but 100 have been
delivered to subscribers or sold. There
are many locs inquiries for the work
and many people have expected free cop
ies and been disappointed, but the few
copies remaining are held at the price of
$5 each for the benefit of the association
treasury.
It should be remembered that the costly
work was not prepared and published for
a large California distribution, but as a
worthy souvenir of the ban Francisco
meeting of the distinguished body that
leads the miring industry and to give 25At
or so. of the leading mining engineers of
the country and of the world a compre
hensive knowledge of the greatness and
opportunities of the California mining
field. There Is already evidence that it
will be of Incalculable value In this way.
Inquiries for it from all parts of the world
art' already coming to the olllce of Sec
retary Benjamin, who is himself Just now
absent in Alaska. Copies have been sent
to foreign members of the institute In
Canada. Asia. Russia, various countries
of Europe and to South Africa, and re
quests for the work have already come
from all these quarters of the world. The
same mall last week brought one inquiry
from a mining superintendent at Rat
Ports . Canada, and from an engineer
in many. The latter is Arthur Dlesel
dorff of the University of Marburg, who
writes that he wants its aid In preparing
some articles for a Gem geological
magazine op features of the California
mining field with which he Is acquainted.
Among his topics will be th* sulphur
bank and New Almaden quicksilver de
posits, the latest oil fields, gold statistics,
etc. v
"It Is not for curiosity and for shelving
the volume forever In some bookcase
that I so much want the work, but for
publication in this country." he says.
"California Mines and Minerals" will
soon be out of print, but It will long be
a reference work in nearly 3000 libraries
that will stimulate interest in California
mines and afford material for writers
thereon. ~\
' The widespread search for petroleum
now goins on through California will have
scientific as well as Industrial importance.
Every well that la put down, even by the
foolish or by the rascally promoters, may
be a valuable contribution to the geology
of the State If competent records me
kept. There is much to be known about
the occurrence of oil in this State and of
the extent of the oil yielding formations,
and every reliable record of drilling will
be Interesting to scientific students of
this field. In the Eastern States the geo
logical problems connected with oil and
gas yielding formatlones have been pretty
thoroughly worked out. In California the
conditions are quite different, as is the
oil Itself, and it will be an important field
tor geological study for years.
The activity of county recorders and of
dealers in oil well machinery and sup
plies la an index of the increasing activity
in the oil field. Companies are springing
up over night in all directions, and many
of them have begun drilling or will do so
in the near future. The San Joaquin Val
ley is being scoured by agents and pro
motors with capital and with shoestrings
looking for "oil land," and many of them
are the easiest suited people in the world
when it comes to a location. Most any
thing will do for the prospectus. Many
companies are conducting bona fide opera
tions, and new fields can hardly fail to be
developed.
In Kern County large tracts are being
secured for oil operations throughout a
large region, Quite a number of wells are
being driven In the McKlttrick district,
and one or two have developed small
yields at comparatively slight depths. A
company Is about to drill near San Carlos
Creek, on the west side of Fresno County,
near the San Benito County line. Opera
tions are also under way In the Park
field region of Monterey County.
Ix)S Angek-s yet controls the trade In oil
well machinery and supplies, and dealers
there have beeen pressed to fill orders re
cently. A large business in this line will
undoubtedly soon be built up in San
Francisco.
The Santa Fe Company Is building a
branch road from RkhnVld to Its Fuller
ton oil field, and this will aid the further
development >>t this region.
In the Coallnga field a company that Is
boring has failed to' reach oil yt-t, but it
struck a water flow of NO barrels a day
and sold It to other people that needed
wator, thus paying a considerable part of
its expense for drilling.
Borne extensive oil operations are going
on In San Luis Obispo County which may
yet become an important oil producer.
State Senator storehouse and several
San Francisco business men have leased
about 4000 acres on a 10 per cent royalty,
and other large tracts have been leased or
bonded. Several rigs for drilling have
been sent up from Los Angeles.
Summerland. in Santa Barbara County.
Is having oil luck both ways. New wells
are going down In land and in sea. and
last week two companies struck yields of
oil. One Is a -ha it el well. The in
crease In wells and in production Is en
couraging, but they can't get rid of the
oil. The Southern Pacific Company can
not supply can to haul it away, so large
Is the demand for cars by the Coallnga
field and from elsewhere. The car famine
ha? reached the oil Industry. Every Sum
merlar.d tank Is full, an'! last week two
companies found themselves In the posi
tion, "Oh. dear! If we pump we'll lose
the oil. and If we don't pump we'll lose
the well." As some wells would fill up if
operations were suspended those two
companies pumped away and let the oil
run Into the pea. More expected to have
to do likewise.
Of the Los Angeles oil field the Times
says: "This year the output will be ,i trifle
larger than last year. Although there is
.a large Increase In the number of
wells, there Is a falling off In the pro
duction of the field east of the Sisters'
Hospital, and also In the central field,
which will keep the total production near
that of last year. Better prices Is a most
welcome factor this year. The average
price of oil been between $1 and $1 35
per barrel, and with approximately the
Fame production as that of 159S will place
the value of this year's production very
near $2,900,000. In the local Held to-<tay
there are over 300 men employed, ab al
the dally average for the year. The aver
age wage per man is $2 SO per day, mak
ing a. total of about $227,500 paid during
the year for labor. Money paid for labor,
of course, soon finds its way Into circu
lation, local merchants reaping the
benefit. New fields are being opened in
the extreme southwestern part if f ho
city, and experts say that the outlook is
very bright. The use of oil as fuel Is
becoming more general every day."
There are 663 wells in the Los Angeles
field, an lim rcase of 113 over 189S and of 340
over 1597. The yield in UN was 1.171.371
barrels, which was sold at the average
jirlce of C 5 cents per barrel.
■% - a
Interest In oil and in the Phlllppfrie'
Islands may In the future find common
ground In America's new Oriental posses
sions. As yet knowledge of the petroluem.
as of the other mineral resources of those
islands. Is vague, but the Philippine oil
fields are among the many scattered all
over the world which contain large future
possibilities for the comparatively new in
dustry. In 'Petroleum and Its Products "
one of the latest and best works on the
subject, .published In London in 1896 by the
distlngulsned chemist. Boverton Redwood
there is this account of the occurrence of
petroleum in the Islands:
"In the Island of Cebu there are con
siderable surface Indications and two
wells have been drilled to a moderate
depth. Oil was obtained in both but
from the second it flowed continuously
and much gas was emitted. The oW aas
found by Mr. Warren to have a specie
£"?.& °,Lr nd ««■ contained SO much
paraffin that at a temperature of 73 de
grees 1.. or a little below, it ceased to
flow. , A specimen of this petroleum
which the author received from Mr. War
ren, Is of brown color, with some fiuores
cence and disagreeable odor and at com
mon temperature is tilled with crystals of
solid hydrocarbons. The strata In which
the oil occurs have been much upheaved.
Mr. Warren believes that If the course of
the oil-bearing formation Is at all regular
petroleum will be found In other islands
of this s?roup— viz.. In Lelte a:. Roho!. to
the eastward and In Negros, Guimaras
and Panay on the west. »ora« favorable
Indications having. Indeed, beer, met with
at or near Massiru, not very far west of
lloilo."
San Diego County Is coming to the front
rapidly aa a mining region. The gr»at
gold resource* of its eastern des< :
tlon are being rapidly pr tA ex
ploited, and a number of new desert mines
• heard of soon. Much Interest is
being taken In an extensive deposit of
kaolin of unusnai fineness and value near
ion. Samples have been taken to
Jai an and pronounced equal to any In the
world, and Bimilar Judgment has been
pronouiiced by Eastern manufacturers of
tine pottenr. It la expected that Japan
will furnish the principal mai
ft lead, <"ai and molybdenum are alto oe
n this county.
The ■ • • ' at the
Golden Cress ni!i;e at f.
County, will be an interesting ex
pertment, the succc^ b will fur-
Of this process
condition!* favor It In Calll
The new plant will have a capacity of »J0
. and will be >n the
mill tailings, which now amount to
tons, r< port* d ti value
of $- 03 per ton it Is stated thai
••f tri-utint-nt v. ••nis a ton.
Which is r.ithf-r I If :ru.-.
ther ur.kr.<-.wn prospector nut of
d on the Mojave
cost in human life and
suffer rt mln^s and lur
know: ■ ■ universal resources
timated it would be found surpris
ingly large.
A. Ekman, who Is In charge of the col
lection of the California mining exhibit
for the Paris Exposition. Is visiting 'va
rious mining regions to secure ores and
gold specimens, and is meeting with suc
cess. Gold specimens of unusual size and
value are especially wanted for their im
pressive effect, and a special effort Is be
ing made by Mr. Ekman to secure them.
Owners who are willing to loan such
specimens will have their full value se
cured to them by bonds given by th- Cali
fornia Paris Commission, and it is hop«jd
that the exhibit will contain a splendid
showing of nuggets, crystallized gold. etc.
"At the 200-foot level in the Orihano
mine, situated in Kern County, Cal., seven
miles from Keene, a rich 6trlke of ore.
running $50 por ton. has been made," says
the LO3 Angeles Times. "The Orihano
mine Is owned by St. Louis and Los An
fe-ples parties."
Nearly one million dollars has been In
vested In gllsonite claims on the Colorado-
I'tah State line by Boston men. and con
siderable will be spent In development.
In sinking the new shaft on the Bls
marck & Gladstone mine. located at Selby
Flat, last week an exceedingly rich vein
two feet wide was cut, showing much
free gold and fine sulphurets. The shaft
will be Eunk 10) feet deeper under the
present contract, the levels started and
the ore cpened up ready to mill.— Nevada
City Transcript.
F. II Simpson, the superintendent of
the extensive reduction plant of the H. H.
G. E. M. Co is extracting M per cent of
the goul out of the Golden Eagle ore. and
asserts that a better cyanide proposition
cannot be found anywhere In the world
than that of the Golden Eagle at the 11111.
Hayden Hill never before presented so
busy an appearance. Every house on the
Hill is occupied and with five companies
employing .1 large crew of miners, the In
habitants of the Hill have become nu
merous. Good miners have no difficulty
In finding employment here, Teams for
hauling ore. timbers and wood are in
groat demand.— Lassen Mall.
The discovery of an eight-foot ledge of
very promising looking ore In the tunnel
of the Giant King claim on Washington
Creek Is the latest important mining de
velopment In Washington district, says
the Nevada City Transcript. Drifts are
now ing run on the formation and there
Is every indication that the Giant King
will In time prove to be one of the great
producers of that part of the county.
The old Mountaineer mine In Nevada
County is to be thoroughly explored and
developed. New hoisting machinery will
be put In and ten stamps will be added to
the ten now In the mill.
In the crosF-outtinp In the 100-foot level
of the Ford mine on Monday a rich strike
was made, which was most welcome news
to the stockholders, says the Calaveras
Citizen. It Is found on the foot wall In a
narrow streak, averaging from 8 to 10
Inches, but It Is rich, running an average
of $50.
The busiest section of the county is that
of the Rose Hill hydraulic mines and th«
region between them and the Italian
reservoir beyond El Dorado. Hundreds
of men are working on the ditches and
reservoirs and thousands upor thousands
of dollars Is being spent to perfect this
water supply. — Calaveras Citizen.
Thirteen mines are In operation near
Carters. Tuolumne County, which has
been reached by the railroad.
Considerable gold Is being taken out of
the pocket mine at Jackass Hill, belong
ings to Messrs. Frazer. Pratt and Porsey.
The lucky diggers cleaned up $5000 from
one pocket this week.— Tuolumne Inde
pendent. J. O. DENNY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. A. W. Warden of New York !s at
the Grand.
H. C. Roy, a wealthy fruit grower of
Vlsalla. Is registered at the Grand.
Dr. B. G. Parker, U. S. N. is among
the recent arrivals at the Occidental.
John Edwards, a wealth*- mining man
of Tucson, Ariz., Is registered at the Lick.
Robert Strathorn, a leading mining man
of Spokane, la a guest at the Occidental.
Marlon de Vriea. accompanied by his
wife, is registered for a short stay at the
Palace.
Lester E. Walker haa come down from
his home In Fresno and Is at the Lick for
a short stay.
Professor James E. Keeler of the Mount
Hamilton Observatory was one of yes
terday's arrivals at the Palace.
E. C. Hopper, secretary of the Latonia
Jockey Club, Is at the Palace. He comes
to the coast to preside in the Judges*
stand at the Oakland track during the
present racing season.
Ferdinand W. Peck, son of the tTnlted
States Commissioner to the Paris Expo
sition, is at the Palace, where he arrived
last night from Chicago. His visit here
Is taken with purely personal objects In
"view and has no connection with his
father's official position.
R. J. Kllpatrlck. a New York million
aire, who has been likened to "Coal OH"
Johnny because of his enormous wealth
and its sudden acquisition. Is at tho
Palace, accompanied by his wife and
daughter. They arrived In the city yes
terday In a private car, and their trip is
taken with the double purpose of seeing
a little of the West and allowing Mr.
Kilpatrlck to attend to some business en
terprises in which he Is largely Interested.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The. French Navy Department now *x
chnnßos photogrraphs of ships with other
naval powers.
It la rumored In naval circles that Rur
sla Is about to try the plan proposed by
Sir Edward some ten years a?t of pro
tecting ships' bottoms by a thick skin of
armor as a torpedo antidote. The plan is
not likely to prove practical, for it will
only he necessary to Increase the torpedo
charges and the limit of protecting the
bottom of a vessel !s sooner reached than
that of the above-water structure.
Two battle ships are to be built for the
French navy next year if the present
Minister of Marine remains In office to
consummate his plan. They are to he
438 feet in length. 79 5 feet beam and dis
placing 14.866 ton*. They are to hay«
triple screws, entfnaa of 17.473 horsepower
to jive a speed of eighteen knot* and a
coal capacity of 152S tons. Tncir bat
teries will Include four 12-Inch, eighteen
6.45-Inch, twenty-six 6-pounders and two
m-pounders. besides five torpedo dis
charging lubes. The complement will
number J2 officers and 7*o crew and lh<»
cost of each ship Is estimartd to reach
J7.108.500. including armament, which will
make them the costliest ships afloat.
Th« Canopus Is the first British bait!*
■hip fitted with water-tube boilers «r.d
her performance Is In every respect a
verification of the anticipated advantarei
of these team generators over the Scotch
boiler hitherto used. The Majestic c!as».
fitted with the latter boilers, rendered
only 17 horsepower per ton weight In tho
boiler-room under forced draught and un
der natural draught 144 horstpowr,
whereas the Canopus give* 22 horsepowr
to each ton of weight In the boiler
room. In the Majestic the coal consump
tion was 2.40 pounds per horsepower p»r
hour; the Canopus consumed only 1"1
pounds. The heating surface In »h* «'.d
boilers was only 2 square feet per hor**
pojrer. while In the new boilers It ts 24
square feet. This gives for the Cano*>u«
full power for loss weight and th* powr
can be more easily realized and more re
lied upon.
The second annual session of the Insti
tute of Naval Architects Ir. Japan
will shortly be held at Yokohama. Among
the papers to be re-ad and discussed ar> :
"Drydocks." "Leakages irj Marine Bo!'.
ers." "Shlp-bulldlng at Shanghai" and
"The American Navy." There are only
three Institutions of this kind in *.h«
world, chiefly coraposrd of persons inti
mately connected with navy bulldlrir,
namely, that In London, organized In lSd:
a similar one In the United States of b'»
and the Japan' society of liO9. Thf-rfl
are men in that country who witnessed
the arrival of the American squadron un
der Commodore M. C. Perry In Yokohama
Bay March S, 1534. and the attendant cir
cumstances. The natives were awe
struck with th* ponderous old Blde-whr«-l
steamer Powhattan and almost scared to
death over the noise of the saluting jrur.s,
but forty-alx years have put them abreast
with nations who had hundreds of year*
of a start and Its military and naval mm
can hold tl.'-lr own In a discussion jjon
subjects relating to their professions with
those of the Caucasian race.
Navy-building continues brisk In Great
Britain, there being In course of con
struction no less than eighty-two vessels
of 41-. ■ tons at the present time. Of
this number fifty-two ships of 321.33) ten j
of all classes are for the British navy
and thirty of SI.CCO tons for foreign
navies. Seven battle ships of 74.100 ton*
are building a- the dockyards, bes«d*>*
seven other ves.«el3 of 51.520 tons.
Eighteen private shipyards are construct
ing thirty-eight vessels of 205.53 C tons for
the British navy and sixteen yards hava
the foreign navy tonnage In hand. The
types of ships under construction arc as
follows:
; urmsa , rorr.in
Navy, I Navies.
CLASS OF SHIPS.
"
Battleship* 11 IlM.Kfll
Armored crutier» 9 'HO.toOl
Protected cruisers 4 1S.&00
Sloops 4 S.iiO
Gunboats 2 l.«»
Torpedo boat destroyer* IS 6.7J 1 )
Torpedo N tti
Hlver gunboats
Yacht I 4.T00
- n
«
ToCAI
JO 11. O)
Of private shipyards Barrows hea
list with four ships of 61.&5Q tons, E
follows with \f 1
Thames Iron Works with three or
■
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MONTANA A \Y-C. O. X,
The law flx'r.. - Mcr
tana was apprc . 15. UN.
MERCHANDISE TO :
X., city. Duty on merchandise T'
at Honolulu fr< ..-.
•■t been abolished.
Til ■ ' T.. Pacific Grove. Csl.
The nearest point to Pariflc Grove at
which tides are taken Is V
Kh tide is one ho .
minute earlier than it ll
San Kr w tide Is for:
nilnutca t- :
FALL XIV:
City. Tr • . • .
r--r.« pu!>::
■
Cat Ho- ,
and Churchman, monthly.
CaL glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend^s •
Special Information supplied tfally n
business houses and public men by thi
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's*. Jlj Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main liiZ. •
Sanborn, Vail & Co. have received ani
now have on sale a beautiful line of new
lamps and a nice lot of pretty, moderate^
priced statuary. •
It Is believed that the most ancient dl---
In the v
con. i j
years befon
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been u»ed for fifty years ty millions n*
t nhers for their children while Teething wt:»j
perfect success. It soothes the child, softer*
t.e rums, allays pain, cures Win.J Colic, r«gu«
late* the Dowels and Is th« be»t remedy fc?
Diarrhoeas, whether arising frcra teething cf
oth«?r causes. For sale by druggists In •very
part of the world. B« sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing .-yrup. Xc a bottle.
California Limited.
BANTA FE R UTE— Connecting train Imtm
at 5 p. m. -londay. Wednesday. Friday and Sat
urday. Kivlr.s ras»en«ter» arcp!« time to set ly*
Angeles and Pasadena. Flneit equipped tra;a
and best track of any Mac to the East. G»t
handsome folder an . full particulars at -.1
Market atret.
HOTEL DEL Ok NADO-Take iflisiSJl
of the rotind-trtD ticket* Now only Ni by
stearnshtp. including fifteen day** board at h>
let; lon,, stay. 0M per day. Ar^-ly at 4 Ne»c
Montgomery street. San Frjinctieo.
Tourist Excursions.
PERSONALLY . -te<J Tourist Excurslo-s.
with latest Improved Pullman Vestlbuled
In* Cars, through from California to St. Paul"
St. Lout.. CMc*ko and Hoston. every Sunday'
•May and FrMa3r ' °* trullt rull tnforxr.a- ° »*
t-* Market *t.
■ m ■
A young woman «t M uncle. Ind.. was
married In a costume of flesh-colorM
tights She was a ballet dancer ami t ha
wedding occurred between the act"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It's Scrofula
Those little kernels in the
neck ! Has your child ever
had them? Youknowsomc-
times they swell, become
painful, soften, and end in
a scar. Give such a child
Scotia smuUtcTL
just as soon as the kernels
appear. The little swell-
ings will grow less and less
and soon will disappear alto-
gether. Continue the Emul-
sion until the child has good
flesh and a healthy color.
foe. and |t.en. ■!) drugfrttts.
*COTT & BOWNE, Ch.mlst., New York.RELIEVED OF
HIS NUGGETS
AND PAPERS
Robbery in a Fifth
Street Hotel.
— ♦
KLONDIKER IS THE VICTIM
— ♦
SUSPICION ATTACHED TO AN
-SOLDIER.
♦ .
The r>,-:!cp ar« investigating an unusual
ly ho.d robbery- which was committed
Saturday nl*ht la the Copmopol'tan Hotel
on r-.rth street, r.ear Mission. James
BUrkeashlp. a miner who arrived here
fr-m Alaska about two weeks ago. was
-.. victim. While walking along Orant
•v«iae ;? Saturday evening. B'.ankenship
met a discharged soldier who pretended
that i.o had met him in Alaska. At bis
A-.'n'.\cn they vlnitefl a Fa loon on Bush
K:.vt. where they had several drink*.
I hey afterward visited a number of other
s^oor.s ar.d. an the unsuspecting minrr
was becoming Intoxicated, he asked the
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
" Every Cup a Meal" M " |
& So nutritious . y£s ' ll' [
j EJ And how delicious! . s| i !jj ■'
'' I IMPERIAL I
l| COCOA ll
Jps Made by a new process — an Improvement *! i, t
X' fa ever the Dutch metfaol "It beats the Dutch." 83 |j| I L
Mi If m Ncne : •■* so gooi ; none so cheap, for it §1 lilffl. l^
J j 53 ccsts you but «: a cup. X !|i ■W!
I i B Concentrated, perfectly soluble an J made in M U
■gj i minute. Atzroc-rs. S-!b. 30:.: i Ir. 6x. || ;| ||
j I jg Made by the manfrs. of Ghirardeili's Breakfast P I !
i ' H|llll,lilllllHk Jlßlllllllllllllllillffliil li
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
IMP wr PACK THITM LAST NIGHT?
TIP THE SHOW MAKE A HIT?
Will ! Tta i .--..: dirt Sees tad 3t»r< U« Crew! '
CKLEBJ TOU WANT TO STAND. ?}JTUE
roun -eats at once.
T^-r.lt;!.: and all meek. Thall & Kennedy's
Bvcrlmattag Anglo-Swrdiah I*laieet Succeas.
YON | ■■■:■•£ ;
: Lund^lide I
YON SON I 33 r T
Ir.terj>r»-ted »■>• a Perfect Company. •
V<»V The Lurr.b*T C*ttip In Midwinter.
AL!^ - T>.e Funny Irjuh Widow.
RE -; Tr.e Lursberment Quartet.
MEM- ! Tbe l»re^ty Book Agent.
HER I The nn-aktn* of the Lo*-Jarn.
POPtXAR I'KICTTS: t>er.!nic. TSc We aad JSe.
Sln:r,«-«, Saturday ar.d Sunday, !'-■ »r ! ZSc.
Next S.■ ' . r.lgtt. The Favor.te rrawley O>.
COLUMBIAN
SnCJ'RE SEAT'S AT ONCE.
FwcTßd and I^n We*k of ..-■•.► Far-*.
GREAT DEMAND.
: LOOK AT :
I ms I /why\
/smiTH^
TucSay €r I LEFT I
Wednesday 41* \ I
T»iumi*y n \home/
Friday m V"V"tx
Patoriay Matlne#....u» jf
Katurday Evening... VA -^
Sur.-lay FTvenlnc JJ
Next Monday— The Greater '.SHENANDOAH.-
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN KJ.
T7TTS EVENTNO.
«■■'■••«.: and Maxmiflrent Production of Rlce'»
World Famous Extravaganza.
Evangeline!
New a.r.d Plrturwwjue Scenery, florgeous Cos-
tumes. S-Jperb Ca*t. Increa*ed Chorus.
Oiarle. H. Jcnes' Latest Creaflon, Th« March
of Patrtctic Colors, by ah Extraordinary Num-
ber oT li-autlful O'.rls. Minuet a la Watteau
rJsir.ced Solely by Hani»^>rn« D«mol?elle». New
HaJlet* Soogs. Witticisms, etc.
POPULAR PRICES. Me Cc. r - 3 v and l»o
A Oood Ilstierved S#*t at Saturday Matinee Be.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
TONIGHT Begins the FINAL Week of
My Friend %
From India, <»
"Bui:*"v" I- R. Etockwell keep* th* sjidl-
tnct lauchir.c ortll they can fcardly breathe.
MATINEE "ATT-RLAT AND CCNDAT.
Next Week— "SAINTS AND SINNERS."
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERT AFTEHNOON AND • ENINO.
FRANK HALL Subduing WALLACE.
LOLA COTTO>.
At sl«-year-old Ptychologlcal Marr*l.
...MAJOR MITE...
The Small*** Actor on Earth.
ADGIK »-.* HER UO.VE, High Diver,
MLLE. LIRA,
QUEEN OF LIGHT.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
Try to Die In th* CABARET DE L.A MORT."
•OCVENIRS FOR THE CHILDREN EVERT
OAT.
ffeona for Seats— Park % <
discharged soldier to escort him to his
room In the Cosmopolitan Hotel
i, All v, r his apartments Blan
kenshlp foil a^itep. When ho awakened
in the morning he four..l his clothes on
the floor, the pockets of which were
turned inside out. An examination
showed that the followinp articU-s belong
ing to the miner were tone: Two bank
pooks. showliiß that he had on di-jHisit in
the Dexter. Horton & Co.'s bank of Seat
tle and Weils. Fargo & Co.'s hank of thi3
ply money to the amount of JCTiw; a min
ing claim to a rich discovery at Prospect
*face. Nome district. Aluaka; a note for
♦?A), a life Insurance policj . several hun
dred dollars' worth-of pold nuggets, three
valuable p:ns and IJ in money.
Immediately after he discovered his loss
Hlanltenshiii Eent for the proprietor and
informed him of the robbery. The latter
advised him to at once coinir.un!»\uo with
the police, which he did. To Captain of
Detectives liohen. Blanker.ship *>aid he
believed that be had been drugged by the
man who accompanied him to his room.
He doe» not know what happened after
he reached the hotel ar.<l was unable to
give more than a alight description of the
supposed robber.
captain Bohen immediately detailed two
of lus In st nion to lind the discharged sol
dier. They visited the hotel and fmm tho
night cicrk obtained a good description
of Blar.i;er..ship'!» erstwhile companion.
Payment has been stopped on the not«
and in.th banks have been notifled of tlio
loss of lht* books of deposit.
Last r.'.ght the detectives were scouring
the tenderloin for the ex-8old!er. They
visited the s.iloen where he and Blanken
i<hlp f.rst me»t and closely questioned the
barunder. The latter was loth to give
any information and first attempted to
deny that Blanken?hip had been in the
saloon. Mr- was forced finally to admit
that the ... the robbery had visited
th# plare. accompanied by a Ptrar.p.^r. He
however vigorously denied that Blanken
f=hip had be*>n drugc^d in hi? saloon. The
detectives arc satisfied that they will have
the ex-soldier behind the bars In a short
time.
j AMUSEMENTS.
Zff/ia/ntfra~
THK l'tul'Llib PLAYHOCSE.
Eddy and Jones Sts. Phote SOUTH 770.
L ** t Night Packed to the \>r>- walls.
TWO WEEKS
RDGLI^P. MATINEES SATURDAY AND
SIN DAY.
JACOB LITTS Great Buccea.
IN DLDKENiUOKY.
DON'T IIE A <^LAM-SECt'RE TAfR SKATS
NOW, WHILE YOU CAN
FRIDAY MGIIT— ISUwK and WiNG
DANCING CONTESV.
PRICES:
ExTlaft ISc. 2Sc. JSo. »c and Tsi '
Matlne<? Uc. Z>-. and Tsc
SHOWER OF METEORS HAS ARRIVED ! '
CORA STI'ART AND COMPANY. In the !
musical comedy. •THE FAIR EwCESTUI- I
ENNE."
MIONON, America's irreatest child dancer.
RICE AND ELMER, In "A RI"HES VISIT :
TO CHINATOWN."
LUCIE VERI'IER. th» famous Instrumental '
musician.
RYAN AND RICRFIEL.D. CHERIDAH
SIMPSON. BURTON'S ACROBATIC IXJGS
AMERICAN niOORAPH.
Lest week of the famrus Parisian beauty.
CORNILLE.
Reserved •'•nt* »<-: balcony. 10c; opera chairs ■
and box seats. S^c
MaXlaees Wednesday. Saturday an! Sunday. I
TIVOL! OPERA-HOUSE.;
i LAST WEEK! LAST WEEK! LAST WEEK 1 I
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON, i
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT:
Wednesday, Friday nights. Saturday matinee. :
Wallace's beautiful btui&d opera,
MARITANA.
Tuesday evening. "OTHELIiO."
Thursday evenlrit. '.RSASI."
Saturday eve.. "CA VAI.LERIA" and "PAG-
liao:l"
Burday evening. "AIDA."
Farvwell to S!s;nors Sa!a»*a an Avedano.
POPULAR PRICES-Kc and 60c.
Telephone for Seats— Bush »
N»xt week-The Kreateet comic opera of two
continents. "THE HOOLAH."
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-OALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
Winter Meeting, Novemr>«r 10 to December X
IS!*. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Raclzur Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thnm-
! day, Friday ajid S.itur lay. Rain or shine.
Five or more rare* eich day.
Races start at Z:U p. m. sharp.
Ferry-beats lexve San Fmnclsco at i: m. and
12 IC. 1. 1:20. Z. I:J0 and 1 p. m.. conn»-ctir.B
wltb train* Hopping at the entrance to the
trark. Last two cars on train rf»»rved fi,r la
dies anl their escort*; no smokintr. Hay your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and liroadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alnrtu : mole con-
nect with Ban Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. The*e electric cars
»0 direct to the track tn fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and ,
«:45 p. m. and Immediately after the la*t race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREA'i RKSTOKATIVE. LNVIOOUA-
tor and Nervine.
Tie most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tor.lc tor the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
I tie Mexican Remedy (or Diseases of in- Kid-
Bey* and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merita.
NABER. ALFS * BRUNE. Acenta.
tit Market street. 8. F.— (Send tor Circular.)
IEX cALiroE.su COLLEGE Or dental
IMssT,
Corner McAllister and Larkln -streets. Is now
open for th* admission of students. Apply to i
8. V DENNIS. M. D.. D. V. 8.. dean at th* !
eol1«c*. or A. D. LEAVES. D. D. 8.. assistant
dean. 412 Parrott building.
THE SAN FRAyCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER SJO, 1809.
ENTERTAINMENT
OF THE ELKS IS
WELL ATTENDED
Benefit Performance
a Big Success.
FINE PROGRAMME RENDERED
SONGS AND SPECIALTIES THAT
PLEASED HUNDREDS.
Annual Entertainment of Golden Gate
Lodge No. 6 Crowds the Colum
bia Theater— The Par
ticipants.
One of the best entertainments pre
sented to the public in months was that
given by Golden Gate Lodge No. 6. Be
nevolent and Protective Order of Elks,
yesterday afternoon in the Columbia The
ater. The playhouse was crowded to the
doors with the friends and members of
the organization. The audience m as ap
preciative and repaid with loud applause
the artist! who volunteered their services.
The programme was a varied and In- j
teresting one. occupying the attention of
those present fcr two arid a half hours.
Harry Connors aeu-d as stage director
and proved an efficient one. In the at- j
stnee of Henry H. Davis, who was too i
ill to appear and deliver the address of I
welcome, it devolved on Mr. Connors to j
do the speech making. He gave a short
history of the lodge, told of its good and
unostentatious work in the cause of tne '
sick and the distressed; of its readiness
to care for the families of brothers who
had been gathered by the grim reaper; |
Of its charity toward all men without re- i
pard to creed; of Its Justice, brotherly '
love aii'l hdelity. and lastly, of the bene
fits to be derived by membership.
At the conclusion of Mr. Connors' re
marks, Blum's orchestra rendered some
popular music. This was followed by a
fancy dar.ee by La Murielita. who pi
rouetted around tlie stage in an interest- '
Ing fashion. Baby Dcdy Schultz as usual j
captivated the audience with her singing |
ami dancing. Prank Bart the bary
tono. scored a hit. Although suf- !
fering with a sprained ankle. he !
consented to participate and charmed
his auditors with some rag-time
songs. Had not the Mage manager called J
a halt, it !s believed that Barton would i
be singing yet. Pearl Hlckman and two
oth*r Tittle tots did some graceful cake
walking. Miss Julia Cotte won deserved
ap;>lauee by her sweet rendition of
"Every Rose Must Have Its Thorn."' ;
"Dutch" Walton proved an exceptionally ;
clever musical genius and contributed to t
the enjoyment of the entertainment. Ma
rie D. Wood sang "The Lass From the
County Mayo" with feeling: Walter Par
ker rendered a few Irish sonns and gave \
a thrilling description of a norse race;
Seymour and Moll gave a horizontal bar i
performance which promised great things, '
but one of the guy ropes parted and the j
act was cut short in Its infancy: the great i
Elwood. the n;a!e soprano, sang a love j
ditty and received a beautiful bouquet i
froni an admirer; Florine Juillerat sang ,
"Life's Lullaby." accompanied on the pi- ,
ano by Mrs. Charles Poulter; William j
Murphy and Lydia Raymond did a re- .
flr.ed comedy art and Ada Sweeney sang
some beautiful songs.
A beautifully printed programme was j
presented to each seat holder as a souve
nir of an afternoon of music and song i
under the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge.
Kicked by a Horse.
Thomas Wyman. who resides at 4123
Twenty-fourth street, was severely In
jured yesterday by receiving a kick from
a horse. Wyman. who Is employed by
Gray Hros. at their stone quarry on
Fifteenth stnwt, was engaged in break
ing: a young horse, when the refractory
animal let no his heels, which cam.- in
contact with Wy man's chest. The Injured
man was conveyed to St. Luke's Hos
pital, where ho received medical treat
ment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[IETTM to m*s. FINKI'ASt KO. 944?5]
14 lam so .".,•• •'■:'. to you for .what
Lydia E. Finkham's Vegetable Com-
pound has done for me that I feel as
1 though I must
Women vi about it a
yrtir a^o I was
WOtltCi Sllt*C- taken very sick.
ly Try Mrs* Doctors could do
Pinkham's ™"° ,°° d o^ y
, to deaden the
medicine If pa in which i
They Only '*■*' almost con-
Knew, Says slaatlv ; r got
* „ * some of your
MrSm King Compound "and
' — — - 1 took one bottle
»nd received benefit from it at once.
I have taken it ever since and now
have no backache, no pain in mv
side and my stomach and bowels are
perfectly wt-11 . I can honestly say that
there is nothing- like it. If I could only
tell every woman how much pood your
medicine has done me, they would
surely try it." — M aktiia M. Ki>*g, Nobth
Attleboro, Mass.
The way women trifle with health
shows a degree of indifference that is
past under-, Happiness anduse-
f ulness depend on physical health ; bo
does a good disposition. Disease makes
vomen nervous, irritable and snap-
pish. The very effort of ailing women
to be good-natured makes them ner-
vous. Write to Mrs. Pinkham, she will
help you to health and happiness. 19
It costs nothing to get Mrs. Pinkham's
advice. Her address is Lynn, Mass.
i& TAILOR-MADE
W SIIIT9
IJ<$TF§ JACKETS,
IWfePl CAPES - ETC '
i^~yx6 UigW p3 Correct Sty>« tß d
~*~^-^3*i~fHjrf\ ntGnirinteed.
Sit Oh _ week
pHA CHICAGO
|?^|»l TAILORING CO.
MARKET ST
OPEN EVENINGS.
&^*sSSgz r RUPTURE.
]^J^*^gS|r Hoops or 8t««l Spring,
iu^HßP^i u^HBP^- 1 Rupture retained with «■?«•
H^^«CrV<« ri<l comfort and thousands rmdi-
IT SMi\. callj f CURED by DR. PIKR™ S
li /Jsd * Magnetic Ela»tlo Truss. CTC«JI ...
V*^ office or writ, tor N.w Paaphl«
O. 1.
MAONETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO M
CO Market aL.opp. Palac* Hotel. San Francisco."
iIS ! I I I till <"»•••*■ cured or no
XI I X I IK V- ta >- No detention
111! I 1111 I from business. DRB.
II U I 1 Ml MAKBFIELD A. POR-
IIUI ■ WIIL TERFIELD. 83$ Mar-
ket it.. Sac Francisco.
DIVINE SCIENCE
CONGRESS ENDS
FIFTH SESSION
Satisfactory Results
Achieved.
INTERESTING PAPERS READ
DR. PLUNKETT AND MR. BAILEY
LEAD THE DISCUSSION.
Benefits of the Teaching Were the
Topics of the Closing Hours — A
Fine Musical Programme
Rendered.
DIVINE SCIENTISTS'
CONGRESS SUCCEEDS
V lIfRS. M. E. CRAMER, presl- O
6 IVI dent ot the Dlv Science *•»
Association. In speaking of <?
0 the fifth congress of the assocla- 2
■v tlon. said: T
O This has been on« of th« grandest 0
♦ demonstrations of unity an harm ny '"
V that has ever been known In any con- D
■v ventlon. That our teaching of the T
V unity of life, or as has Been sometimes Q
•;• expressed, "the onene«» of substance," **
0 has been fully demonstrated. Is plain O
1 from our treatment of each other dur- *>
O lr.« our deliberations. 0
••> There has been a number of cases •*■
O of l.ruling of mental and bodily con- £
■•• dltton and bodily ailment which has •■
6 !-■• accomplished fir ugh listening to O
•5 the word of truth as it fell from the *
O Hr» ot the speakers. A
.;■' The congress has h»on well attended .j.
rt and the attendance has been very en- A
...' thu?"'.aFtic and appreciative. No per- ,j,
rt sonalmes or names have been dls- .1
n, cucsed at all. Principles and laws alone "
A have been the theme all the way "r
X throuch. 0
yL pivlne science Is known the world ••■
O over as the highest and broadest of any £
••• science presentation. It is that truth <S
Q reduced to practice that Christ demon- a
S strated and that th« natural sdentisi J>
A are looking forward to and hoping to A
... demonstrate In what they call "Spirit- T
A ual Monism." a
• ••O*-ftfO4&£«*&;ttSttr&;O*fir!O
The fifth congress of the International j
Divine Science Association was brought to i
a close yesterday with sessions In the !
morning, afternoon and evening. The i
congress has bean convened sine last •
Tuesday and has accomplished satisfac- !
tory results In various ways. A large
audience was present when Mrs. M. E. I
Cramer called the meeting' to order yes- j
terday morning In Odd Fellows' Hail. |
Proceedings opened by the singing of the j
hymn "All Hail to the King of Heaven."
This was followed by ten-minute speeches
delivered by those who had read papers |
on topics relating to the work.
The discussions were taken part in by |
Mrs. Sarah Eckmon of San Francisco, M. ;
Bailey of San Jose and Dr. J. J. Plunkett !
of San Francisco. The latter has been
connected with "the" work for twenty
seven ye.-rrs past. li- leaves for the East
and Europe In a few days to pursue his '
researches in Divine Science work. Short :
addresses were also delivered by Mrs. •
Josephine Wilson of Oakland,- teacher and
healer, and Henry H. Brown of San Fran-
Cisco. Mrs. M. E. Cramer also spoke
briefly. Testimonials were presented by
healer? who have achieved success In •
their chosen calling.
Mrs. W. H. Day rendered a solo 1 , "I Am
the Way." A quartet composed of Messrs.
Law and Day and Mesdames Kegmn ami '
Day sang several selections, anA Miss
Cumniing .-hlk a selected vocal solo.
In the afternoon a paper prepared by i
Professor I*- Roy Moore of Toledo. 0.. !
was read by the secretary, and Mrs. Fan- i
nic B. James of Denver read a paper en- !
titled "Expression versus Reflection." Dr. !
a. Little of Palo Alto sang "The Holy !
City" and Aaron M. Crane of Boston read i
an Interesting ♦■ssavoni "The Teaching \
and Phliosojili> of r ultiivenesß."
The even . session was devoted to a i
discussion of the benefits of Divine :
Science. In whjch a number of the dele- '
gates gave expression to their ideas on j
the subject. Miss Cumming and Mrs. '
Cramer sang a duet. "I Waited for the !
Lord." The rest ■»<{ the programme .con- <
listed of a solo, "Oh, Savior, Hear Me." J
by Mrs. A. E. Cramer, with vlolln^bllgato i
by Miss M. Smith: violin solo by M ->_
Smlfh and a vocal solo by Mrs. Day. The .
congress was concluded by the singing of ',
several hymns by the congregation as- I
sembled.
FINE ENSEMBLE WORK
BY MINETTI QUARTET
Second Chamber Music Concert of the
Season Attracted Another Large
Audience.
The first duty of a chamber music quar
tet Is to give a smooth rendition of the
best works, and In addition It should ed
ucate the musical public In the newer
works, so that one may keep In touch with
all compositions of prominence. 'I;.* Mi
nettl Quartet has so far adhered to tttese
principle*, and because of this fact alone
It is entitled to considerable praise. The
novelty at Friday's concert wai the
Cesar Frank piano quintet in F minor.
This Is a very ambitious piece of work
Classic In its character and of a very
timber quality, It becomes somewhat te
dious to the layman. The first move
ment especially is very long-winded last-
Ing almost twenty minutes. lam on« of
those unfortunate musical enthusiasts
who like to tell the truth, and in order
to adhere to this bad habit of mine I
must confess that the Frank quintet
bores me. It Is all very true that the
music Is exquisite and of a very good
quality, but there Is absolutely nothing
interesting In it. Now and then a little
thunder awakens you from your slumber
but otherwise It Is absolutely devoid of
brilliancy. The quartet gave it an ex.
cellent reading, paying strict attention
to interpretation, and Otto Bendlx with
his fine touch and fluent technlc exe
cuted the piano part with the Judgment
of the mature musician.
Giullo Mlnettl demonstrated the fact
that he Is a violin virtuoso of superior
ability by rendering Bach's "Chacon
with remarkable dexterity. I hard!v
think there has ever been anything com.
posed which contains more technical ac
robatics than this very "Chaconne " and
I further may add that there Is hardly
a more difficult composition for the violin
In existence. To overcome all these neck
or rather finger-breaking, passages the
skill of a finished artist is required ' And
I cannot pay Mr. Mlnettl a better compli
ment than by asserting that he did full
Justice to this extremely difficult work
The quartet was at its best in the
Dvorak string quartet In !•' major. Espe
cially effective were the second and third
movements. The shading in this number
was simply sublime, and th» pianissimo
passages were rendered with a delicacy
of execution and preclseness of attack
that sent the chills of admiration up
and down the spinal column of every true
musician In the hall.
ALFRED MF3TZGER.
Malt- Nutrine
Is the easiest tonic In th» world to take and
the mo*t beneficial and lasting In Its results
The Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ann prepare*
It. hence It* merit.
Thanksgiving Services,
The Calvary Presbyterian Church and
the First Congregational Church have
long maintained the custom on Thanks
giving day of holding a union service the
pastor* alternating In the pulpit. The
precedent will be followed this year
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
I'nlverslty of California will deliver the
a< .dress on the occasion. Extensive prep
arations are being made for the event
Trunks. Valises and Pocketbooks let
tered without charge at Sanborn & Vails
741 Market street. • '
OVERDUE SHIPS
CAUSING MUCH
ANXIETY HERE
Wreck of Falkenburg
Adds to Feeling.
♦ —
GERMAN SHIP THEODOR IN
1 —
SHE WAS DISMASTED AND HAD
TO PUT INTO HONOLULU.
•
Four Transports Will Sail for Manila
To-Day— Race Between Boats"
Crews From the Marion
and lowa.
Since the wreck of the barkentlne Jane
A. Falkenburg and the rescue of her crew
by the steamer Walla Walla, shipping
men are beginning to get very anxious
about the overdue fleet of coasters. The
arrival of the schooner Mildred E from
Seattle yesterday with a load of lumber
afur a thirty-one days' passage gave &
ray of comfort to the owners of vessels
bound this way. but in the case of ships
overdue at Pus. Sound her arrival is |
not reassuring, as the wind that brought '
the schooner in through the Golden Gate
should have favored -the Sound vessels.
The schooner Challenger is now out I
thirty days from Tacoma for San Fran
cisco and the schooner Amethyst thirty- \
two days from Tillanv ok for San Fran- :
cisco. The latter schooner was supplied
with provisions by one of the coasting
steam.*:- about a week go and a 1 that
time all aboard were Well Captain Er-.
.ratt of the Mildred E reports a icces-'
slon of southeast K:ilts o:» the way down
the coa**t. On a number of occasions the
vessel had to be hove to. A tremendous
*ea was running and some Of the crew of
the schooner had narrow escapes from
the seas that broke over her. The Chal
lenger and Amethyst are probably hav
ing the same kind of weather aj.a may be
heard from now it any time.
Among the vessels overdue on the
Sound from Ban r ranciS4 o are the barks
Ferris S: Thompson and Highland Light
and the schooner American Girl. The
Thompson left here for Departure Bay in
command of Captain Murk and the Amer
ican Girl in command of Captain Koss tor
Port Gamble on October 8. while the
Highland Light, in command of Captain
Herbert, left here for Departure Bay on
October 11. None of these vessels have
been heard from since, yet the ship Co
lumbia made the run to Seattle in live
days and the B. P. Cheney, which left
here on October 8. has been to the Sound,
discharged and loaded again and Is now
eighteen days out on bar way to Hono
lulu.
Fears were entertained for the old bark
Germania. which left here on October 19
for Seattle, but she reached port a few
days ago. She was carried north by the
southeasters and had to beat her way
back. The overdue vessels were also
probably carried past Flattery, but sea
taring men think they ought to have got
back before now, and seem to think there
1* some danger of their having gone on
Vancouver Island.
The Ferris S. Thompson, American Girl
and Highland Light are all old timers.
The Thompson was built at Setauket. N.
J.. In 1874 and is 480 tons net burden, 141.3
feet long. 32 feet beam and 17 feet deep.
The American Girl was built at Port Lud
low, Wash., in 1575, and is *v tons net
burden. 11V».4 feet long. ;;1.4 feet beam, and
9.S ■ »-• deep. The Highland Light was
built at Bath, Main. in 1*74. and is 1179
tons net burden, 1H.9 feet long. 25.1 feet
beam and 24.3 feet deep. All three vessels
have been for years in the coasting trade.
The German ship Theodor, which ar
rived from London yesterday \la Honolu
lu, had i very rough experience. During
the month of September she was caught
in a territlc Htorm. during 'which she lost
the fore topgallant mast, main topmast
and Jib boom. Nearly a whole suit of
sails were blown to ribbons, and the ves
sel looked almost a wreck aloft when
Honolulu was reached on September 2».
Captain Arfmann bad a great deal of
trouble in getting spars for his vessel at
the Islands, and it was not until October
31 that a fresh start could be made for
San Francisco. The run from Honolulu
was made in twenty days, but she was
nearly eight months coming from London.
The Theodor's full story came up from
the Islands early in October and was
printed in The all at the time.
There was an unusual lot of activity on
the Government wharf yesterday. Dou- ,
ble gangs of men were at work loading I
the Hancock and Duke of t- if»\ while over
at Isom No. 2 extra men were at work
on the City of Puebla and St. Paul, while !
on all the ships soldiers were putting the
baggHge and camp equipments aboard. All '
th«» four vessels will get away this after
noon. The Hancock and Puebla will sal]
In company all the way to Manila, while
the Duke of Fife, and St. Paul go to
gether. On Wednesday the Ohio and In
diana are scheduled to sail, while early |
next week the Columbia. Dalney Vostok
and the Warren will get away.
. First Mate T. L. Ellis and Carpenter ,
John Monson of the steam whaler Thrash
er are up in arms against Captain A. C.
Sherman. They say the ship was pro
visioned with everything necessary for
the comfort of the men, but owing to the/
refusal of the captain to discipline the
cook the meals were not fit to eat. Lumps
of whale blubber got Into the soup, the
bread was either sour or sodden, good
food was spoiled three times a day and
the men were compelled to eat It.
A boat's crew from the naval reserve
ship Marion is going to challenge a boat's
crew from the lowa. The Marlon's boys
are getting their boat in readiness and
when the crew Is selected they axe going
to get Henry Peterson, the famous oars
man, to coach mem. The race should be '
a very exciting one.
Jamas White, who lives at 130S Fotsom J
street, was treated at the Harbor Ho-*
f>ltal by Dr. Holmes yesterday for a stab
n the right hand. He got Into an alter
cation with a man In an East street sa
loon and the latter drew a knife on him.
White Is going to have his assailant ar
rested. ."••■'■■'.
The steamer Colon arrived from Pana
ma and way ports yesterday with twenty- ,
eight passengers.
NOTED LECTURER HERE
FOR TEMPERANCE WORK
MRS. S. M. I. HENHY TALKS ON
HOME LIFE.
The National Evangelist of the W.
C. T. U. Delivers the First of a
Series of Lectures.
Mrs S. M. I. Henry, national evangelist
of the Woman's Christian Temperance
I'nlon. delivered yesterday afternoon the
first of a series of lectures on "The Spirit
<' '. .1 In the Home and Family Life" at
the Seventh Day Adventist Churoh. SM4
Laguna tti
Mrs. Henry, whose twenty-six years of
work have given her the most prominent
place In this field in the United States, ar
rived yesterday from Healdsburg. She
leaves Thursday for her home In Chicago,
after a few visits In the Interior. Rev.
J. O. Corliss, the pastor of the Advent'st
church, has tendered the use of the build
ing to Mrs. Henry, who lectures to-day,
to-morrow and Wednesday, In the after
noon and evening. Her subject will be
throughout the "Home" • and "Family
Life." In her lecture yesterday she said:
"Any person who has any work to do
finds an Instrument with which to do It.
God's Instrument for his work is the fam
ily. The family Is a machine, consisting
of the component parts of fatherhood,
motherhood and childhood. There is no
family without all three. There Is a sense
In which God cares more for the family
than for the Individual. It Is the purpose
of the enemy of God to destroy the fam
ily. He began with Ev«» In separating her
from Adam. The human unit Is com
posed of man and woman together."
General Funston Here.
Brigadier General Frederick Funston
arrived from the Kast la.»t night en route
to the Philippines, and Is now In Oakland
at the home of his mother-in-law.
He will sail almost Immediately for
Luzon and the firing line.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
SHAKESPEARE AS A TRAGIC POET.
Copyright, 1899. oy Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES IIN SHAKESPEARE.
Contributors to this (•---' Kdwar.l Potrdcn. P-. Wl!lla. 0 . J Kolfp D- Hanlltnn
W. Mable. Dr. Albert P. Cook. Dr. ran. Coraon, It l.«aao N. Demmoo] Dr. Vjj A D.
Scudder and others.
V. SHAKESPEARE AS A TRAGIC
POET.
Shakespeare'" tragedies are profoundly
religious, as all true tragedy must ever
be. Aristotle long ago. working upon the
masterpiece* of Greek tragic art, declared !
the ends of tragedy to be the excitation
of pity and fear In the spectator und a
consequent moral uplifting. Ten Brink j
has well pointed out that "pity" <or com- |
passion) carries with It as a coro!!ary [
"tragic fear." Now. pity spring" from the i
feeling that the subject of our compassion !
suffers beyond his deserts, is to a greater
or less degree a victim of circumstance. «
over which he hjJFno control. "Poetic !
Justice" <or ideal Justice, th* character^- !
tic of epic poetry), by which everybody !
gets his deserts, the good being saved and !
the wicked confounded. Is directly and I
fundamentally opposed to the tragic Idea]
The satisfaction men feel In the firt^h- i
ment of the wrongdoer leaves no place for
compassion, unless perchance, a? often
happens In these latter day*, we shift our i
point of view and think of him as an irre- j
sponsible victim of hereditary or acquired j
tendencies. No doubt this shift of
view baa Introduced much confusion Into j
the critical Judgments of our time; but we
should not lose sight of the principle that ■
we pity only when we recognize real or
fancied injustice.
In tragedy, then, we are brought fare to
face with the moat profound mystery of
our mortal state. the prevalence of un- !
merited suffering. Men seek and have !
sought In vain to pry Into this mystery.
A whole system of theology has been built
up on the assumption that we suffer for
WILLIAM CHARLES MACREADY.
The torch lit by Garr:rk. bf the K«mbl«< and by Kean and his
contemporaries was worthily kept alive by William rharl's Maeready.
a cultivated and ci>n»cienr. .v ho. d-irinf a professional career
of more than forty years (1810»3l). a»«ui .-•eat i>art li
pearean tragedy. Althou^r .acked the claaslcal benr.ng- of
Kemble or the lnten»e passion of Kean. h» w n as th* Interpreter of
Shakespeare the whole-hearted suffrages of the educated public—Sid
ney Lee.
the alns of a first parent: but whatever
explanation may be attempted, the awful
fatt remains that m^n v< ivwheie bufftr
for what they are not Individually to
blame. Religion has Its home In this mys
tery. This mystery becomes a touchstone
by which men are separated Into two
Kr»at classes. One man. with sublime
faith, submits himself to the divine order
—"Let come on me what will • • •
Though He slay m. . yet will I tru3t in
Him"; while another stands In open re
bellion or sullen silence. In this differ
ence, a mystery In Itself, lies the whole
secret of the religious attitude of men.
We somehow think of the attitude of Job
as the nobler of the two. Compassion for
the" Borrows of men and submission to the
divine will are the highest reaches of the
human spirit; and it is precisely these ef
fects that Aristotle »aw In the master
pieces of Greek tragedy. In Sophocles
and Aeschylus we find the noblest concep
tions of the Greek religion.
-Fall not In aught that is right.
Seeing great and terrible death*.
Many and strange forms of woe.
And nothing where Zeus Is not.
Rut Shakespeare needed no Greek to re
veal to him these primal lawa of o .
ing. More than once the strii k
■ 1 his path. Full oft in the „•■
life of the capital had h'
Captive good attending captain 111
He had himself borne the full share of
"the whips and scorns of time," but he
had not lost a sense of the beauty of In
nocence and courage and personal devo
tion. And so out of his own full heart
lit; shows us all these with a realism at
times overwhelming; and we wevp over
the sorrows of men and stand aw. •trlck< a
In the presence of the calamities that
overtake and destroy persons ■•' noble
strain. Our hearts arc bowed, our pride
repressed. As we see Hamlet approach-
Ing with fainting heart his last encounter
with Iniquity ami treachery and wrong,
we hear him cry. "If it be now, 'tis not
to come; If It be not to come. it win be
now; if It be not now. yet It will come;
the readiness Is all." And In this cry we
seem to hear the very voice of the mighty
poet himself— "the readiness is all.'"
Owing to the absence of authentic de
tails as to Shakespeare's life and charac
ter the question has been much mooted
as to how far his plays furnish materials
for a history of his moods and of his cun
fictions, On this point there van never
I > entire agreement. And yet. admitting
»8 we do the danger and the folly of doc
matizlng on ih..-t* mutter*, a caret vi sx
amlnatlon of the plays in the ord«?r of
their production (an order now well es
tablished for the most part) makes it dif
ficult to resist the conclusion that between
the ages of 36 and 45 Shakespeare pussed
through a period of deep spiritual an
gulEh. To this period belong the qr-m
tragedies, from "Julius Caesar" to "Corl
olanus." and the biting satirical comedies
A comparison of these with the latest
group, written probably after his return
to Stratford, reveals to us a man wno
fought his way through the valley of De
spond to the serene, atmosphere of the
heights beyond.
All pains the immortal spirit must endure.
All weakness which Impairs, all griefs which
bow.
Find their sole speech In that victorious brow.
The central characteristic of every real
drama Is conflict. On the one hand there
must be a person (or persons) to be en
tangled, and over against these stands he
entangling agency. In the first group Is
found the hero, or heroine, or both he
center of our Interest and sympathy on
the other side we find the hostile agency
or agencies, natural or supernatural seek
ing to thwart or destroy. In tragedy this
conflict must be of such a kind that the
hero can find no escape from the toils
Step by step we see him crowded to the
brink where he Is to be finally engulfed
As before indicated, the conflict must
be unequal from the start In order that
the proper ends of tragedy may be rasJ
1/.' 1 compassion and religious awe The
character and condition of the hero must
be such that we can feel kinship with him
In his sorrows and defeat, can see in the
fatal struggle the ruin of a typical hu
man life, a ruin to which we ourselves
might be subject if thus mysteriously be
set. The hero too. must be a person to
excite general Interest, always one of
come reputo In the social or political
world. While wo cannot say that this l»
an Invariable law <wttmt.* George Eliot's
succesa with the "Weaver of Raveloe").
the fact remain* that thus far no great
tragedy has aj.pi-arnJ Jn which the hero
was drawn from the humb!» or obscure
walk* of life. Furthermore, th" hero
must be a ptrson of essentially noble na
ture; otherwi?e we should fetl satisfac
tion at hi* overthrow, not compassion.
Play* of the tvp* of "Kit-hard 111" or
"The- lew of Malta" do not fall Into the
same class with "Hamlet." "Macbeth"
nnd "Lear." They are not trnodies in
the Aristotelian sen«e. It has !(»-t.n sug
gested that they be called satiric trage
dies after the analogy of the satiric form
of the «p!c.
It in commonly >«.-iM that ancient trag
edy i with which we oftenest compare
Shakespeare* tnt^rdKs) picture* man's
?truK«;l»* with forces out.«l«!e himself,
while the modern |>.ilnt* the utruirgle r>t
man with himxrlf. There is apparent
truth in the distinction, but it ls« frrquent
ly «iv<r<lra*\n. and It has lltile value for
Ihe student Tho antithesi*. like figures
of emphasis In general, i;.i-.- ■ .. - If ;.■;.• i
literally. Clr>i»«» reflection allows" us thut
th«r»- lit no sharp 'ii.-ulrw-tion »>.i ««■<-;'. tl;<*
struggle of Orestes and of Macbeth. .»f
Oedipus an<! of Lear. The element of fa
tality, of trr»-*istlb!e external influenced
soliciting or driving tr» ruin. Is present In
th«ni all. As already pointed out. this
element of fatality, of Inevltaltlenesa. Is
the very essence of tragedy, ancient or
modern. It is the basis of onr pity fnr
the victim, of our f«ar (or "sen*** of op
pression") for ourselves. In thl» th«
drama in a picture of life (an "Imitation"
of life as Aristotle rhrnsed lt». but truer
than actual life. .-,- art Is trurer than
nature, brraune more universal.
In .i question of so great «!lrticulty th»re
are certain to be readers who will take?
exception to the views here let forth. In
this age of scientific discovery It h»* be
come the habit of many minds t<» en
deavor to bring every department of hu-
man activity un<l*r
the operation of n»
rertalnable law. Bv
ervthtng connected
with our < m. ■;!'■. il
and spiritual life
:nust be explained
by the law >>{ rnu*<9
and effect, a* In the
world of sense. And
*o It come* about
that some critic!* of
Shakespeare, assum
ing his conformity
to nature. »♦ *-k to
find a moral Justifi
cation' for all that
happens In hl« trag
edies. Othello suf
fers his deserts be
cause he is J«\ilnu»;
Desdemona. because
. she man. against
her father's wishes
a man of foreign
race and afterward
prevarlcat c * when
questioned by her
liusband; L*-ar. be
cause he H rash,
petulant and vain;
Cordelia, be c a us©
she Is stubborn to
ward her aged fa
ther and afterward
Invades with hostile
force her native
land Macbeth, be
cause he Is Inordi
nately a m blt I ou*
and superstitious. If
not worse, etc.
This style of criti
cism seems to us su-
perflclaland profane,
utterly subversive of
the high and true
ends of tragic art. 1:
proceeds upon th#»
false assumption
that there nuift bo
some casual connec
tion between human
misfortune and mor
al delinquency, whereas «■• know
that calamity sometimes follows
«Umj« — upon t J$e — d.^d* — <tf — the —
blest heroism. Aristotle defined th»
tragic hero a? "a person of great reputa
falling Into adversity, no* thrmiirh wlrk
edness, but through some errnr." Thl*
tragic "error" Is not necessarily a moral
fault at all (witness the ra*e of Anti
gone), and. indeed, never affords an
adequate cause for the catastrophe, m
far as human eye ran see see. As a mat
ter of prudential wisdom It Is well to re
member that as we k>>w so also shall w*
r»-ap, but it 1m none the Ir*.-« true that w<»
often reap where we have not nown. One
man soweth and another reapeth. Shakes
peare was too great nn artist, as well a*
too great a thinker, to attempt to rarns
ure the Infinite In terms of the finite. an«l
so he leaves the tangled web of hum.in
responsibilities and perplexities and suf
ferings with no attempt to unmvel it.
He pictures It all for us most vividly In
a great variety of forms, nnd we may In
terpret as each has eye 3 to see or ears
to hear.
Certain it Is thit not all render* will
see and feel alike In contemplating this
realm of dramatic art. any more thnn
they will see alike In contemplating th*
real world of men and women about
them. M. f (ruet has recently published
a work on the drnm.n shnwlnr much
knowledge and acuteness of n kind. in
which he holds that men's fondness for
trade representations Is a survival of
the gorilla or savage state— "a primitive
anil depraved fondness for cruel spec
tacles. We have no doubt that his con
tention will commend Itself to som*»
mind". but that the great works of
Sophocles nnd Shake«p.«ar*» can N» thui
simply disposed of »c shall not believe.
On this point we prefer Ten Brink to M.
FaKuet.
In trentlnc «f Phnke«r>e.ire an ■ traffic
poet I have thought best to dwelt upon
th«» fundamental question of the sig
nificance or meaning of his work. In
Htemry study tbe point of view Is of
first Importance, Shnke^p«are's method In
detail, his plot structure, character de
velopment, stage effects— nil fruitful
themes— are left for future treatment In
connection with the study of a particular
play.
I'nlversi'
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Te v m, 1 899- 1000.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies in- Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificates.
ORUETLI VEREIN JUBILEE.
Musical and Literary Programme
and Dance ( Turner Hall.
The Gruetll \>re!n» of thin city cele
brated their Oliver int.... - and November
feast taut evening at Turner Hall. Turk
street. A musical and literary programme
comprised the early pan of the entertain
ment. This wan In charge of the mixed
and male choruses of the vrrelns. A grand
ball followed. The concert Drogramnr*
was under the direction of l*rofe»sor
Frank Diet*. There was an overture by
Hock's orchestra: "My Switzerland
Awake" (Attenhofer). male chorus; "Al
penrofl and Edelweiss'" (Schoe.ntxrger).
mixed -•»•■■■ "John >©
Swell." Ulrlch Glnpg: "Sprlnc Sons;"* fEls
enhofer»' male chorus: march song. "Joy
fully Forward" Ml. Rlv r> m'> chorus:
a one-act comedy entitled "Who CarrLd
the Banner Away?" was rendered by th«
following: E. Simon. J. Aernl. Mls« L
Schwelzer and Louis Hauler Fink.
56
2i/est
BICYCLE
RECORDS
CUT DOWN
Fast and hxcitmg Events
at the San Jose
Meet.
Sp^rlal I>lsj«itrb t-> The Call.
SAN JOSH. Nov. 39— The bicycle races
at Cyclers' Park this aftcrr.i«>n proved to
.b* thr» m«>Nt succe*«ful of any given In re
crnt years. Th« j.itcrsdancf was la-ne
ar.d the evont» f mt and exciting. The
two stars cf t!ie day were the Downing
brothers. llanJy. the professional, win-
Jilr.j: his match rjre with Lawaoa In three
*traiKht ti.>a.!». durUig whi.h U* establlsM
•«d two n«-w rwcords. a!.<l L>ace. the a.:na- !
ttur. winning flrct place In ea-rh of the j
three anu-tcur «vects of the Jay. I.- <
suits:
Flve-mUe beet— ll. Downing won. Irer I*W
•on second. Time. i.'X. (Ci>aKt record.)
One-tlilrd m'.'e. '..• : . aniatrur— I*r«
ZV>wnlu« <3» » .1 : i won. \Y. U l>-ew.nthal t. r iU
-..■!>i veooai, U*. l.»»vi<l!<on tit yardj>> third.
iTlaie. :40 3-4,
One isi'.e. hand'.rar. amsteur— Lace IViwnlnr
•<X >:.->i won. M. F. Fnuj«-l!« (Ci >iirds) s-c~ ]
oud. «». I*. K\il'.er oerut.hj third Tlmo. 1:;.;.
One-thtrd mile, auvice— l^a.-e l>owmns won.
M V. iYanrls second. U. U. \Y«mi« third.
•Time. :44 S-5.
Hatch rare. rr,e mil*— H. PiwninK «■•«, Iver
j«v.> :. Verona. ' ■-, l'3v tWurJi's com
• jT*-tlti'>n n^conl.)
Two-mile hetit— Won by H. IVtrnlrt. No
time on aroouat of rulsuuvlfrsta.ndlnK as to
' sum!>rr oT lap*.
<m* mile tjioti>r eyrie race— Stevens and Free
naii v«. SJrF«r!jir.d and Turvllle. Wou by
r-teven* and Frwman in 1:31.
ricwl McFarland rude a paced «xhlbltloa
xa:lfc m 1 3a.
TURLINGTON LINE TO
BUILD AN EXTENSION
Run Thronph the Fertile Section
: Nebraska and the Mineral
Belt of Wyoming.
• that
U • Juincy will
I . .. and
•
; n is not to
■ from
.
th of
This would r.iuo<* the liurllngton's ex
tension midway between the Chicago and
Northwesteni'H Fremont, Klkhorn and
Missouri Valloy Rail mad. and tho Union
Pacific. It would run through a feuile
pectSon of Nebraska ajid strike some val
uable Iron and other mineral deposits In
Wyoming. The Hue would be aa direct as
1h»« Northwwstcrn-L'niun Pacific line from
« hlcojjo \o Ogilen. From Denver west the
Hurlinston lias the use of both the Denver
j.'. . Bio Grande and the Colorado Mid
land, but th«» Denver route Is not so direct
fu-» would be the proposed line via Alluince,
Neb.
.us of
1 Vul
1 • ( to the
tuai
•o uc
. fruta
HART THE SWINDLER
AGAIN IN THE TOILS
HkS Mulcted New York Women of
Valuable Property and
J>u-elry.
N7TVT YORK. Nov. ]9 -The police, have
at headquarters James C. Hart, who
■pact «igbte>«:n mouths In Sing Sing for
swindling a vom:i out of tltt.OM worth
of dUmonds in IST«S. and whose lat«st
opm«.tiorj« oarrJcd on Jn Now YorV City
Lave consltited of swindling wom*m out of
•urns of money varj-ing from 573 to sov
«ral hundred dollars and Jewelry or what
syrer else bo could successfully carry
lor the past thrr^j months Hart has
• a lucn».Uv«? business. He was arrest
•^l l>y deuwrUves. who were waiting for
him on Friday outside the AJbomarle Ho
tel, from which be was making bis way.
after having swindled a wuraan out of
3>300. Shn, tlnding she had been, victim
ized. «rat to poJc« htsadquartera a:id
lound the police had Hart already under
arrcnu Chief of Detectives McCluskey
to-dajr held a kind of reception of Hart's
victims, all of wbora Identified him as the
man who had swindled them. In »«c}» in-
Ktaiicn Han admitted his guilt.
Hart was arreirted on December 10. VS9t,
on th« charce of grand larceny, he hay-
Jnc stolon diamonds to the value of 110,000
from Mrs. Eiiza.betb de U Barra. He
j-i. a-'-«^l ruiMy. the complainant In tho
rnnar.' - having died, and was sentenced
tn only elirhtefn mouths In prison.
In October. IfVS. in Indianapolis, as John
HUH*, he received a eent»mr« of nix
months' Jmprlsonnient and JltwO fine for
FwindllnK a man out of J J-J It is bell<n-*>d
that In his present operation Hart has se
cured many thousands of dollars.
•
PASSTNG OF A LANDMARK
Famous Old E3 Cjritau Hotel Sold to
a Syndicate.
MERCED. Nov. 39— A deal has Just
' t>ecn cloted \rb«»r*by the El Capltan Ho.
lei, vrhich haj> b^ri th« properly of th»
.3'aclflc Improvement Company for over
»wenty-«lx yearn, was sold to . syndicate.
Tl><» El Capitan. whlrh was built and
JurnlKhe-d In :i73 at a cost of over tIOO.CM).
Miif deElgued «.- a resting place for tha
Sourists en route for the ■ tiilt* Valley.
As this was the starting point of all tho
n.ipe lines lor nature's wonderland, many
a weary traveler found sheltnr und«r the
roof of the El Capstan. It as> ser>-ed as
the dfjKJt of .the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company and every traveler through the
Ban Joaxjulr: Valley reruembers this mm
«lve «tructi:re. with 1U glided sign that
■foinounccd its name — El Capitan. Up to a
few months «.-•• the hotel did a good busi-
Os*- but when the order came from the
•m« • ftl the Pariflc Improvement Com
l»any to clos* th« l.ar. the manager at
tcjnpted to run It without the bar, but
found that he was unable to make it pay.
Several business men waited upon the
company and endeavored to ha\- them
rewind the order, stating that the bar
tvas the> main source of revenue for the
place, but they were unsuccessful and BO
th«* doors «>r<« clored me two months
*#'< As the Southern Pacific Company
was d«-simua of replacing the hotel with
a new de:»ot It was offered for sale at
rpeclal Inaur-erner.ts. A syndicate* was
formed, the hotel purchased and they are
now making arrangements to move it to
a slt*> nearer the center portion of the
city. It is their Intention to remodel It
Into a first-class hotel and also build a
theater Jr. It. They were given until May
1. 1W). in which to remove it from Its
present location.
Stephens Case Settled.
WOODLAND. Nov. 19.— An amicable
•e'tlement of the partnership property
rights of George D. Stephens and the late
J«lin D. Stephens *a* effected In the
fcuperW Court last Friday afternoon.
Two actions ■ »-re filed, both entitled
Oorge It. Stephens ye. L D. Stephens,
K. A Hawkins and B. 11. Stephens, ex
ecutors <if the estate of John D. Stephens,
deceased; J. Craig. Kate 3. Craig and the
Bank of Woooiand. It took only five
tnitiUte.K for Judge Gaddls to hear the
t« Ktlmony and render Judgment In both
car***, wherein ovrr half a million dol
lars' worth of properly was Involved.
Th« executors of the estatw of the late
John 1). Stenhens have !11»d a final re
port and nsked for a distribution. The
cppralEed valuation Is about ttOO.OOO.
Sporting Events From All Over the World.
SENATORS
WIN BOTH
CONTESTS
Harper and Harvey Are Too
Sirong for the Local
Team.
Sacramento 3. San Francisco 1.
Fmall scores and few hits were made
in tr.o af'.ernoon game yesterday at Rec
reation Park, the chief feature of which
whs Harvey's remarkable pitching. Ho
struck cut r.o less than thirteen men and
only six its were made off bit delivery.
Nothing fruitful was accomplished by
rltlier te;un until the third inning, when
Sun Francisco tallied one run and th«
visitor* a brace of them. For the locals
li. .-■■*< li ai..i Ju^xed to first on balls, went
to the midway point on a wild throw of
Harvey a.nd ttoie third. Sullivan Bent
him home by rapping out a scorcher
tbat brought two bahes. Thia gave the
local nine us only U-ml during tne gume,
lor when the Senators cumo to the plate
they doubletl Saj» Franci>co's earnings in
an inning. Stultz went to tlrst on valla
and toured on McLaughlm's two-bagger.
The iatier was advaiiced v btation on
Harvey'^ out, O'Connor was next at bat.
He hit to Pyne at short, who threw home
to forestall McLaughllu. who scored,
however, and OVunm»r was safo at lirst.
I From the third to the seventh no runs
were made. In this inning Bt ul ts was ac
credited with a two-baih'tT, scoring on
Mel-auKhlin's single to enter.
Harvey's prettiest ... In the sec
ond inning. Sullivan was on llrst. a gift
of Harvey of four bad ones. Reilly hit
to right Held. Sullivan going to second.
Pyne. who was next at bat. hit to O'Con
nor, who. for the time suffered baseball
paralysis and forgot his cue, allowed
Keilly to reach first in safety. Only one
man hod perished. Courtney, who had
struck out. Harvey then put the local*
under the cypress by striking out both
Muller and Iburg. During the frame Har
vey struck out every man of the San
Francisco team but ■'.eilly. The score Is:
SAX FIU.WI
AH. R. nil. SB. TO. A. B.
Urockhcff. ■* 4 0 1 0 J : 0
HUdobraad. r. f 1112 10 0
Kru*. c. f. & a 5... 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Sullivan. c 5 0 10 2 0 0
Courtney, II ... 4 0 1 0 20 0 0
Re'.lly. it. 3 0 1 0 0 1 0
l'yne. ■> & c. f 4 0 1 0 2 . 1
Muller. 1. f 3 « 0 0 3 4 0
lburg, p I * * 0 0 3 0
Totals 31 1 6 I 24 12 1
SACRA M ENTO.
AB. U. EH. SD. TO. a. E.
MclAUjrhJSn. 1. f 4 1 2 0 0 0 1 j
Harvey, p 4 0 0 0 0 SO'
O'Connor. It. 2 0 0 1 S 0 1
l'j».n, s. s 2 0 0 0 110;
Htanley. c 4 0 0 0 13 2 0J
I>><>le. r f 4 0 10 0 0 0
! Shanahan. c. f 4 0 1 0 2 0 «i
Mieehan. *b » 0 I 0 2 10!
.Stult*. 2b 3 2 10 0 3 0
Totals Z-> 3 7 1 27 10 I
RUNS AND HITS UT INNINGS.
Pan Francisco 00100000 o—l
lUnu- hits 02100002 I—4
Sacramenio 0 0200010 •— 3
K*t*<s hits 02210020 •— 7
SUMMARY.
Huns recponslble for^-Iturg 2. Harvey 1. Two- I
rr»«e bits— Rhauahan. Sullivan. McLauchlln, ;
Sheehan, Htultz. Kirn ba.-«? en eiTont-San Kran
c!i«eo 1. Parramfnlo 1. Flrvt l.**e on called
halls—^an PraadSCO 3. Sacramento 4. Le!t on
r*j>es— Sun FrancUeo 7. Sacramento S. struck 1
o«t— By iSu.-g 2. by lian - ey 13. Hit by tetter— 1
O'Connor. Wild pitch— Harvey. Time <>r game
—1:45. Umpire— O'Connell. Official sourer— J.
W. btaplct.>n.
MORNING GAME.
Sacramento 3. San Francisco 0.
The series of oxtra-inrlng tie games be
tween Sacramento and San Francisco re
celved a destructive shock yesterday
morning when both tearan met on the
Recreation grounds diamond for the last
of their league engug<ments. When the
game was concluded the Senators added
hi. other victory tv their Ul und the local
iilne went back a notch that puts them
hors de combat for championship honors.
Hit i were plentiful *n»>ug-h and hits
scarce. Four glittering jukulcs by each
team generated a bit of interest among
the few people who made the most of a
Sabbath morning to watch the leaders
cavort on the diamond. Harper itched
an excellent game, allowing only three
hits and striking out suven men. Fitz
patrlck's performance was not of such
fine quality, Fix hits and throe men struck
out being his record.
The fcame was won by the Senators in
two innings. In the third Harper lined
out a hit to left field and went to second
on a blocked ball. A sacrifice gave him
third base ajid an honest single by O'Con
nor »<■!]•. him skating over the rubber.
In the lifth Inning Harper wa« given a
base on b*dlr and purloined second. Then
Kugan found the ball and a L»*onld phot
to right Held was the signal for Harper
to bcore. Harvey, who was on the BTSt
tag at this time, four tails giving him
that position, kept coursing the bags and
be scored br Sullivan's failure to stop
the throw in.
San Francisco had a full quota of men
on the bags during the game, but was
unable to ?<Tid a man to the haven of
rest. The score Is:
SAN ntAMCn
AB. R. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drockhoff. Ib c 0 0 0 2 2 0
HUdebrasd. rf !•>••••
Knjf. • • I*oll6l
fcuUlvan, c 4 0 0 0 2 11 •
Courtney, lb 2 0 0 0 12 0 1 I
fefellly. :-h: -h 4 0 0 0 4 0 1
I Hyn«. ct 4 0 10 10 0
Muller. If 4 • 12 2 • 0
FUzp&trick. p 4 0 0 0 0 10
I Totals !2 0 1 3 24 11 4
BAdlAUK>rr<>.
AIL H. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
HcLaugftUn. If . 10 0 0 3 0 0
Harvey, rf 110 0 2 0 0
O'Onnor. lb 4 0 10>01
! I"* run. a. • 10 10 14 1
Btaalcr, c 4 0 0 0 7 2 0
6.»m'iahan. cf I • I * 3 0 0
Sh~>han. Sb 4 0 0 0 111
Ftultt. a> 4 0 1 0 2 t 1
Harper, p 2 2 110 10,
Totals 11 8 « ~T V 12 4
mem Afro HITS bt INNINGS.
Ban Francisco 0 0000U0CO0
Ba«e hits 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 I—3
i pj»/-ramenl..> ..0 0 10 2 0 0 0 •— 3
, Bas« hit 5........ 0 0 2 0 12 0 1 •—
SfMMAUT
Runs responsible for— FltzpatrlcK 1. Two
j ba*e hits — I*yne. S!i«:iniia.r. Farrir.ce hits — Me- ;
l<auchlln. HUdebrand. First l>a*e on errors—
' San Francisco 1. Sacramento 2. First base on
called balls— Ran Francisco 6. Sacramento 3.
Left on bases — Francisco 10. bacrajnento 8
t Struck out— By Harper 7. by FltxpatricK 3.
I»a»se4 ball— Stanley. Wild pitch-Harper
Time of came— l hour 40 minutes. Umpire—
C/Connell. Scorei^^J W. Stapleton.
OAKLAND DEFEATS
SANTA CRUZ TWICE
OAKLAND. Nov. —The Oaklaj.d
baseball team won both games with Santa
Cruz to-day. The score for the morning
1 game was 16 to 4 and that of the after
noon 4to 2 In the morning game Oak
land scored six runs In the first Inning
; The complete score:
■OAKLAND.
AD. R. BH SB. rO. A. E.
Hutchirson. lb 2 2 1 1 12 10
Hammond, rf 6 0 4 0 1 0 0
1 Hardle. c 6 13 0 3 11
Mosklman. If 6 1 2 0 1 11
Donovan, if 6 I 2 1 11 0 0
Dunleavy. 2b 8 1 1 0 6 2 1
, Lance. lb 1 3 13 110
Schmeer. ■ ■ 4 4 4 13 6 0
Bcrchers, p 114 0 0 2 0
Totals 40 16 21 I 27 13 "3
SANTA (HI 7.
AB It lit! SB. PO. A. E
Croll. rf 4 0 10 12 0
Babbitt, is 4 1113 2 0
Devereaux. fl> * p.. 2 0 0 0 14]
Drcnnan. cf 4 c 2 0 3 0 0
Clark. 2b 4 0 10 10 0
Dalrymple. If 4 2 2 0 2 0 1
Farrell. c I 0 0 1 5 1 2i
Morrow, lb A2b 4 110 6 1 1
Whelan. p 2 0 0 0 0 i ; 0
Andrew*. lb 10 0 0 2 0 0
Total C 4 t I 24 13 1
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1899.
CADETS AND SPARTANS
MEET ON MUDDY FIELD
TWO-THIRDS of the Junior eleven of Company I?,
League of the Cross Cadets, beat three-fourths of
the Spanish Pleven at Presidio Athletic grounds yes
terday In a timely contested and sloppy came of
football. There were no casualties, notwithstanding
that Caesar de Cazanettl, a substitute on the Spartan
team, fell through one of the. numerous bottomless bogs
on the field during the last half of the game. It requiring
the combined efforts of both teams and Police Officer
Hylanii to get him back again to the tiring line.
Not more than half ■ hundred enthusiasts broke thHr
way through the North Beach zephyrs to witness the
game, nor for that matter neither did much more than
half of the players, halt a dozen of them uaving i.-waie
bs*ck from Stockton earlier In the day in a badly over
trained condition. A half dozen substitutes were rung in,
however, and though the teams lacked In numbers, the.
pame lacked nothing of snappiness, even if it was all one
way.
The Cadet eleven had the kick-off in the first half
and kept the ball well In their opponents' territory until
Ahren scored the llrst touchdown and kicked a goal. The
1 ■ v ' ..■/■ ■ . .
RUNS AND HIT? BT INNINGS.
Oakland €1230220 •—16
Ua.«e lilts 62321331 *-2l
Bsata Cruz 020110000—4
Base hits 12112000 1—
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Borchem 1. Whelan 11,
Devrreaux 2. Two-base hits— Donovan. Sohmeer.
UaJrymple, Hutchlnson. Hammond and Croll.
Hacriflee hits— Hutrhinson. First base on er
rors — Oakland 1. Santa Cruz 1. First base on
balls— <»akliind T. Santa Cruz 4. I/.-': on bases —
Oakland 10. Sunta Crux 7. Struck out— By
Uorcher* 3. by Whelan 1. Hit by pitcher —
Croll. Double plays— Farrell to Babbitt. Mor
ruw to FarrHl, Mustklman to Dunleavy. Passed
baJlo-Hardie 3. Farrell 1. Wild pitches—
Horchen" I, Whelan 2. Time of — Two
hours. Umpire — Francks. Official scorri" — II
S. McFarlin. ♦
The detailed score of the afternoon
game Is as follows:
OAKLAND.
AH R. 1111 SB. TO. A. E.
Hutching. in. lb 4 0 0 0 13 0 0
Hammond, c 4 I 0 0 8* 0 0
Hardle. r. f 2 0 0 0 1 0 0
Mot.klm.ln. 1. f 4 0 2 0 2 0 0;
Doaovaa, c. 1 4 110 0 0 0
iMinleavy. 2b 4 0 10 0 0 0
Ijinjte. 3b 4 2 2 2 0 2 1
Sohmeer, s. s 4 1 S 1 1 2 1
Steffanl, p 4 0 10 0 6 0
Totals 24 4 10 1 27 10 I
SANTA CRUZ.
AH. It HI! SB. TO. A. B.
Troll, r. f. it 2b 4 0 0 0 2 10
nj»l.bltt * * 4 110 0 6V? 0
I«-v-r<-iiux, Sb 3 0 0 0 2 2 1
I>rrnnan. c. f 111110 0
(Hark. Ib 10 0 0 0 10
DoJrjrcnplo. I. ' 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
FarnMl. 11. 3 0 0 0 11 0 0
Morrow, 0 3 0 0 13 0 0
Andrews, p 3 0 0 0 12 0
Spock, r. t. 2 0 0 0 o*o
Totals 29 2 2 2 24 11 1
RUNS AND HITS HT INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0001201*— 4
Base hit* 01012213 "-10
Santa «'niz 0 00200000—2
Base hits 0 00200000—2
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Steffanl 2, Andrews 2.
Home run — Drennan. Two-base hits — Monkl
man. Donovan. Sacrifice hit — Devereaux. First
bane' on errors — Oakland 1. Santa Cruz 2. First
base on called balls— Oakland 3. Santa Cruz 2.
Left on bases— Oakland ». Santa Cruz 4. Struck
out— By Kteffanl 7. by Andrews 3 Time of
game- 1:45. Uraplr*— Francks. Official scorer—
11. 8. McFarlin.
MJNOB BASEBAIX.
Bokersfield Giants and Fresno Re
publicans Win Games. ,
nAKERSFIEI.D. Nov. If,— last two
games of the Valley I^eajriie series were
played here to-<lay between the Bakers
field Giants and the Merced Wheat Grow
ers. Results:
First game, forenoon. Giants 16. Wheat
Growers 6. Second game. afternoon.
Giants 14, Wheat Growers 0. Forenoon
1 batteries — Wheat Growers. Munson, D.
Orubb and Harrell: Giants, Huston and
Bear. Afternoon batteries— Wheat Grow
ers. J. Grubb, Harrell and Munson,
Harrell and Sliman; Giants. Hall and
Boar
This ties two clubs for the pennant.
1 The tie Is to be played off at Fresno at a
future date.
FRESNO. Nov. IS.— largest crowd
of the season saw the old Fresno Republi
cans line up Sgainst Vlsalla at Athletic
Park. Frank Chance, who has beon
catching for the past two seasons with
Chicago, was in his old position behind
tbs bat for Fresno. The game was tame.
Fresno winning in a walk. Scoro:
Fresno— Base hits 15, runs 11, crros 3.
Visalia— Base hits 1. runs 3. errors 2.
Batteries— Monroe and Chance; Farrell,
Overall and Button.
I» ♦ m
Sunday at the Park.
Threatened rain and the absence of the
t hand resulted in the park being deserted
! by the crowds yesterday afternoon. The
people gathered at the beach and within
the Inclosed resorts and enjoyed the day.
At the Chutes the day passed as usual,
without accident or special Incident. The
results of the aquatic contests at the
Chutes follow:
II yard dash (Jurenlle)— H. I*rkln. first; F.
N»al. second.
100-yard dash (amateur)— O. Wallace, first;
i H. Feebaeh. second.
100-yard dash— J. O'Brien, first: W. Burster*,
second.
High diving— H. Freeman, first; A. Davis,
second.
Fancy springboard divine— Wilson, fln>t;
H. Rawllnson, second.
Underwater n«lmmltiK contest— J. A. Jackson,
I first; H. Feebaeh. second.
« ♦ »
Cavalry Withdrawn.
WAIJ,Ai'E, Idaho. Nov. 19.— Troop O,
Sixth Cavalry, which has been In the
Coeur d'Alfne dlFtrict for several months.
, left for San Francisco to-day.
■ m ■
Your name In jrnld letters free of charge
1 on all leather goods at Sauborn & V all's."
Spartans cot the ball shortly after matters opened up
again, and by a bunch of mass plays were crowding
things well down toward the Cadet line when Cazanettl
kicked "Silver" Woodman in the lid. and half a dozen
volunteers were compelled to drag him to a nearby mud
puddle to souse him back to consciousness. Then the
Cadets took the ball again and Beasley got It round the
left end for another touchdown, giving th« Cadets a score
of eleven.
In the second half the Spartans borrowed a man from
the Cadets, and Woodman having the kickoff, they kept
the ball a few feet nearer the coal of their opponents,
and they had a chance for a touchdown until Ahren
got the ball again and set it on the other side of the line.
1-att-r he took it across for .1 touchdown, but failed at
the goal. vii. Spartans got into play again and were for
a time within reaching distance, and probably would
have mad« it but for < Uanettl, who got tangled up with
"Hairy" MeAvoy, the timekeeper, at a critical moment.
As a result of it Cazanettl plumped Into a convenient
■lough and stranded on ■ mud Hat on the far side. After
he had been Ashed out Officer Hyland called the game on
account of darkness. The score was 16 to 0.
NIGHT STOPS
COURSING AT
UNION PARK
Cavalier and Sweet Emma
Will Strive for First Hon
ors Next Week.
Darkness settled down suddenly yester
day upon Union Coursing Park and pre
vented the final round of the big stake
between Cavalier and Sweet Emma from
belnsr decided. In the next to the last
round Curtis & Son's Luxor and Cavalier
were left to light lor premier honors with
EL M. Kellogg's Sweet Emma. Luxor «uid
Sweet Emma were drawn together,' and
Luxor was Installed ■ warm favorite at
'■s-it to 1. The llrst time out of slips they
ran up an even score, *ach securing four
points. At the second attempt Sweet Em
ma fairly run away from the San Jose
dog. scoring eighteen to his seven.
Cavalier then ran a bye with Vulcan in
the Quickly gathering darkness, and was
beaten by a score of twenty-nine to nine
teen. It was Impossible to run the dual,
especially after allowing Cavalier the rest
to Which he was entitled. By the con
sent of both owners it went over until
next Sunday.
The Curtis dogs ran In splendid form
and had a chance of dividing the stake
until Cavalier and Beacon met In the
fourth round. One or the other represent
ative of the San Jos.- coursing man had to
retire here. Cavalier won. but the hare
was a strong one and gave him a hard
course.
Royal Anne defeated two favorites, put
ting out Carmendta at live to one on and
Mi Kinky at two to one. The detailed re
sults of the running, with the olllrial
scores in each course, follow:
Open stake, first round— Geonce Sharmnn's
Walt a Little beat Maber & Reid's Uncle Ful
ler. 4—3; It. L. Taylor*! lieauty Spot beat J.
Murnane's Wlldwooel. 12—3; i:. M. KelluKg's
Kid McCoy bast It. L. Taylor's Torment. 18-4:
Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair beat K. M. Kel
logg's lowa Maid. I |; Curtis & Son's Luxor
beat Connell Brothers' Mamie Pleasant. 14—
Curtis a, Son's McKlnlej boat E. Evatt's Vigi
lant. 8—0; John Kerrigan's Conqueror beat Cur
tis & Son's Vulcan, 6--0; H. H. Gray's Rona
beat J. M. Million's Corin's Flashlight, 9—4;
I'aoha Kennels' Itoyal Anne beat 11. E. de 11.
I<opex's Carmenclta, 3— S. 23—4; I. McCabe's
Oalg Boy beat J. 11. I'erlgo's Controller. 17—
15; Curtis & Son's Cavalier beat Pasha- Ken
nels' Firm Friend, 4—o; Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mint beat A. Johnson's lander. &-0;
Curtis * Son's Beacon beat Bartels Brothers'
Baron Blood. 10-2; N. p. Whiting's Wadenj
b»at T. Logan's Miss Grizcl«, 1-4. I). Chellas'
Golden Russet beat J. H. lvrlgo's Pretty Girl.
s—o; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle ran a bye with
Tod Sloan, an O X Capitol was withdrawn: J.
Carroll's Auckland beat J. 11. Harrison's Hot
Haste, 6—o; E. M. Kellogg's Sweet Emma beat
A. Johnson Mountain Beauty. &-0; P. J.
McCabe's Honey Boy beat Pasha Kennels' Syl
via. 7—o.
Second round— Walt a Little beat Beauty
Spot. 13-7; Kid McCoy beat Vanity Fair, B—4;
Conqueror beat Commodore. IS — II); Luxor beat
Rona. 13—10; Royal Anne beat McKinley, 6—o;
Cavalier beat Craig Hoy. 6-0; 8.-ucon beat
Sleety Mist. C — Golden Russet beat Wadena,
6-0; Auckland beat Bald Easle, 6—l; Sweet
Emma beat Boney Boy 3—3 3— 2.
Third round— Kid McCoy beat Walt a Little.
6—2; Luxor ran a bye. as Conqueror was with
drawn; Cavalier beat Royal Anne. &— O. Beacon
beat Golden Kusset. 4—l; Sweet Emma beat
Auckland. 9—3.
F.urth round— Kid McCoy beat Luxor. 14—4;
Cavalier beat B^con. 0— Sweet Emma a bye
with Tod Sloan. 7—7.
Fifth round-Sweet Emma beat Luxor. 18—7.
after a "no go" 4-4; Cavalier a bye with Vul
can; the latter won. 29—19.
Final round between Sweet Emma and Cava
lier postponed one week because of darknt-ss.
GOLDEN HULE TOO
FAST FOR PEPITA
J. O'Shea's black dog. Golden Rule, by
Einln Pasha-Susie, proved too fast yester
day and too clever for K. E. de B. Lopez"
Peplta. at San Mateo Coursing Park. *j.ne
representative of the Shea Kennels won
both courses In the special matches, the
firm by a score of nine to six. and the sec
ond by six to three. He proved faster
from slips than his fawn colored oppo
nent. Peplta was placed for a time, how
ever. In the first course and was scoring
rapidly, when she fell heavily In making
a vicious drive. This ruined any chances
she may have had. In the second course,
Peplta showed in front for a time, hut
golden Rule passed her and scored the
first turn. Aftor that the result was never
In doubt, the black dog winning, although
Peplta was In for the kill. Peplta was
favorite at three to two for each course.
The open stake was won cleverly by
Lowe & Thompson's good dog St. Oran.
He met Russell. Allen & Wilson's' Lady
Emma In the final and won all the way.
Previous to that St. Oran defeated Grass
atterer, Magnet and Ter-
Lady Kmma :ui<i foung America
third round. The hare favored
■ rmer sod sin- wun by a narrow mar
i-'ii:. Crawford Lad was unfortuna
di sjjerate courses In succes-
Blon. Silver Wings, rh<- '! | went
out in the flrst r.mnrl before <'arulolaria_
The detailed results of the coursing foi
low:
Open stake— S. Mahoney> Nellie G beat Jeff
Martenet'i Huxton: Ed Wilson's Magnet beat
W. H. Jones' I'rinee Jerome; %*»>• <& Thomp
son's St. Oran beat .1. P. Tllrif^^ Grasshopper;
F. Moron's False Flatterer beat k. Jonea'
Moonlight; W. C. Glasson's Terronlte beat J.
Kenan's BUcklock; 11. F. Anderson's Craw
ford I-ad b«at A. C. Bradbury* Victor Chief;
Kay Bros.' Hawker beat A. J. Kemp's Signal;
W. 11. Jones' Itustan beat Bari Bros.' Ball
room Belle; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Lady
Emma boat J. Keenan's Royal Ouk; Barteli
Bros." Beet Brewer beat Murphy ,v- Toland's
Ornament; J. Shea's Young America boat
J. Dlcknon'B Black Bess; Kr»:n & Lyon's Sil
ver Wings b»-at J. Setccerson's Candelarla: I*.
M 'Kai Hlsby beat W. 11. .1 ■::—. Lady
Marlon ;j J. K •-nan's Hayal Buck beat E.
Kally*f White Diamond; Bartels Bros.' Bor
der's H<-«t beat J. P. Thrift- Forget; J. P.
Thrift's St. Michael (■♦•at Hu.-sell, Allen & Wil
son's Julius I'nesar.
Second i Magnet beat Nellie O; St.
Oran beat False Flatterer; Terronlte beat
Crawford Lad; Hawker beat Rostan; Lady
Emma beat Beer Brewer: Young America beat
Candelaiia; lU«by beat Royal Buck; St.
Michael beat Border's He«t.
Third round— St. Oran beat Magnet; Terron
lte beat Hawker: I-arty Emma beat Young
America; St. Michael beat Ulgby.
Fourth round— St. Oran beat Terronlte: Lady
Emma beat St. Michael.
Final— St. Oran beat Lady Emma.
J. Shea's Golden Itulf defeated R. E. de B.
l..'l>*z'«< Peplta in a *i>eeia! match, winning
two straight courses. The score was »— C, 6—3.
Ingleside Coursing.
A large crowd at Ingleside Coursing
I'ark was treated yesterday to some good
courslnp in the rundown of the Non-win
ners* stake, Bobs won the llnal. after a
well contested course, with Soubrette as
the runner up. Some long courses were
run and relief dogs were turned loose on
several occasions. Following are the
day's results:
First round— ll. Allen's Miss Lois beat F. J.
Fulton'B fans Solid; Connell Urothers' Lo»j
Hoy beat E. BaumeUter's War Cloud: 11. A
Deckelman's Snapshot beat T. .1. MeHugh'a
MO6S Rose; J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory beat
\v C. Glasson's Miss Manila; Joe Terry's Com
modore Nash best E. M. KetlOCS'l Hummer;
J. Byrnes' Eleven Spot beat Flemlnc Brothers'
Fury; F. lfeCacnb*i Miss Skyrocket beat S.
Il«n.«»n'« Our Climate; J. McEnroe's Magic
Circle beat 11. A. I>eckelman's Old Glory: J.
H. I'erlKO's Hone beat J. Mah»r's Henlria Boy:
W. C. Glapson's Terrona beat Seblne St Daly's
Bbjrlock Boy; Murphy Si Toland's Tea Rose
beat J. Dean's Belle of Andervon; E. Uau
mei-ters Warrior beat W, C. Glai<son'» Happy
Thought; \V. H. I<onTs Revolver beat L> J
Ilealy Ma»id* N ; P. M. Clarkiwn's Greenhall
t>eat Dr. I«'onard's Master Lawrence; E. M.
Kellocs'o lowa Boy beat W. M Healey's Sky
light: I^arkey & Rock's Minerva beat Ed Wil
son's Magnesia: T. J. McHush's Maid of the
Mill beat James McCormlck's Hantbraln; F
McComb'j Motto beat W. McCarthy's Johnnie
F; D. Shannon's Soubrette beat D. Ford's
lionlta; H. Lrncb's M.vstlo Maid beat Connell
Brothers' Senorlta.
Second round— Log Rot beat Miss Lnls: Morn
ing Glory beat Snapshot: Commodore Nash
teat Eleven Spot. Magic Circle beat Miss Sky
rocket; Bohe beat Terrona: Tea Rose beat
Warrior: «>re«n)iall beat Revolver; lowa Boy
beat Minerva; Motto beat Maid of the Mill;
Soubrette beat Mystic Maid.
Third round— Log Boy beat Morning Glory:
Commodore Nosh beat Magic Circle; U.>he beat
Tea Rose; Greenhall beat lowa Boy. Soubrette
beat Motto.
Fourth round— Boy beat Commodore
Nash; Bohe beat Greenhall: Soubrette a bye
Fifth round— Soubrette beat Log Boy; Bobe a
bye.
Final — Bohe bent Snuhrette.
COURSING AT STOCKTON
STOCKTON. Nov. 10.-Sharkey. a new
dog on the local coursing field, carried off
the honors In the forty-dog stake to-day.
The Interior Club's meets are attracting
a large atendance. The results of the day"?
sport follow:
Run-down— Rough Rider beat Telegraph Boy
K^rry <;.>w beat Sweet Briar; Prince of Fash
ion beat Kingfc Around. Moloch beat Round
About; Merry Maiden beat Honeymoon- Duty
beat Ruby; Risky Attempt beat Sunolite. Alma
beat Orazler: SarraMlr beat Wanderer: Fire
man beut Forget -Me- Not; Beauty beat Target
Wild Lnssle beat St. Elmo; Olenroy beat
Maiden; Bharkey boat Sarah Gold BoUnilnit
Belle beat Uttle H.>i>e: Woodbine beat Merci
ful; Hattle beat Fashion Plate. Huppy Maid
beat Iron Wood; Battle Ax beat Telephone
First round— Rough Rider a bye; Kerry Gow
beat l'rince of Fashion; Merry Maiden bent
Moloch: Duty beat Risky Attempt A!ma beat
San-astlc; Fireman bent B»auty. <?|«nrnv beat
Wild Lassie; Sharkey beat Bounding " Belle-
Hattle b«-at Woodbine; Happy Maid beat Battle
Ax.
BtOßd round -Rough Rider beat Kerry Oow
Merry Maiden beat Duty. Alma beat Fireman 1
Sharkey beat Glenroy: Happy Maid beat Hat
flilrtJ round-Rough Rider beat Merry Maid
en; Sharkey beat Alma; Happy Maiden ran a
bye.
Fourth round— Rough Rider bast Happy Maid
Sharkey ran a bye.
Final- Sharkey beat Rough Rider.
MARKSMEN
IN FORCE AT
SAN RAFAEL
Members of Four Big Clubs
Shoot lor Shekels and
Turkeys.
The memr">r« of all four nf the big
shooting clubs were present In for
terday at Bchuetsen Park, ne
fael, the contests not only being for shek
els, but for fat Thanksgiving turkeys
as w.-11. i;ar-h marksman entered In the
shoot carried home a turkey, but the
weight of th<» bird depended entirely upon
the score tallied. "King" MeLaugbllß,
tiissatlsfied with the one turkey allowed
him in tho club shout, entered a free-for
all contest, and carried away ti< fcett en
titling him to four more. FoUowtafl
the scores In detail:
California Schuetzen Club turkey shoottng
contest— O. Lang 13. C J. Walden It, G. Tun
meyer M, H. K. Brown 61. F. E. Mason 63.
J. Horsimann 14. It. Lancer 42. L. C. Babln 41.
F. P. Schuster 71. H. Kuhis 49. J. E. Gorman
68. J. Jones M, C. Simon U. J. L'tschlc M, F.
A. s«chnjri.pf 54. L. Haake 60. J. L. L'tachlg 62.
L. Bendel 67. A Uehret £8, O. Burmelster 46.
W. Ehrenpfort 36, F. A. Kuhls M. Captain At
tlnger U. a. Bertelsen So, J. H. Fisher 46. F.
W. Beiknap 49. C M. Henderson 63. D. N. Mc
iAUchlln 66. J. F. Robinson 14. It. Stettin tt,
■ H. Ladd J. H. Gumbel 64. Judge Bahrs 4.'.
F. D. Smith 38. F. C. Hagerup M, J. Kuilman
64, A. Ehrenpfort 09, A. Browning 30. W. Nol
den 45. D. Schoenfcld M, A. Jungblut 12. Phllo
Jacoby 42. F. IVltchard 51. G. Hlcbmuller il.
A. L'tschls 62, H. Behrofder '■- J. Haydos 4J,
W. Schwarke 42, a. Breuss 64. F. Acker 44.
F. Schumann 60. L. Reubold .'4. J. Straub 65,
H. gaga 41. J. F. Peck 2«. J. J. Gildea 4S.
A. Itahwyler .1. C. F. Waltham 3J. F. Brandt
64. P. Harden 2-. XV. A. Lundstl 20. II Stet
tin CO. Captain Klein CS. J. Studer C 2. A. Pol
lak 37. O. Bremer 64. J. D. Helse 12. B. r..llak
65. K. Finking Cl. P. BrunotU 62. E. Woenne
51. XV. Hassmer 23, P. Simon 33. P. Beda *l.
A. Strecker 62, W. Route. ld 41. C. Meyer 69. 11.
Eokmann 60, C. Sairehorn 62. W. Gllndemann
6.".. T. J. Carroll 61. D. B. Faktor 66. A. Ham
pel 52.
California Rcheutzen Club, bull«ero contest—
C. Sasehorn, iV); J. HorMman. 7S$; J. Utsohlg
1044; J. Forman. 822: L. C Babtn. 447; F. P.
Schuster. 20T*; R. Linger. 74:.; Captain Attin
ter. 1777; C. J. Walden. 1233; F. E. Mason. 342;
H. Kuhls 1622; J. Jones, 1402; D. XV. McLaugh
lin. IIS; J. L't*chl». 173: O. Burmeljiter. 661. 11.
Brown. 13M; L. Haake, is«; A. Gehret. 1113;
A. Bertelsen. 269; L. Bendol, WO; R. Finking.
36J; W. Ehrenpfort. 231&; R. Stettin. 102S: J.
Kullman. 2434; O. Bremer. 621: A. Ehrenpfort.
1719: S. Robinson. 1327; O. Rlrhmuller. 441 D.
H. Ladd. 91*; T. Acker. 9«6; A. Browning. 646;
L. Reubold. 1219; J. Lonmeyer. $77: II Enge
li) 13; F. Braude. *W; J. F. Peek, 2iU); A. jj U ng
blut, 1675; Captain Kuhls, 7iW; J. C. Waller.
WO; A. Utsealf, INS; A. Campbell, 2313; E.
Woenne, 2130; 11. Stettin. 164:«; 11. Eckmann.
166«; H. Gumbel. IMS; C. F. Waltham. ISM.
The pre:-* turkey !-h.H,t. given by I'resldent
Jacnby. was won by XV. L. Morris.
San Francisco Turner Pchuetzen turkey shoot
ing contest— Captain Attlnger. SI; O. BurmelH
ter. GO; I. Bran*, 64; R. Finking, 33; It. linger.
£!; M. Mi alt 33; C. Nellsen. M; c. Rudolf
69; J. I'tKChlr. C 3; A. ftschig, 16: C. Th<xle.
10; 11. Un-wn, 43; O. Tammeyer. CO. |)rura
corps— G. Krueckel, .•: W. Schammpffell. 4.'»;
F. SchammefTell. 8; XV. Straub, 32; A. Ferklen
berjf. 31; I*. Krooi kel C 3; XV. Schmalzt"n. 2C.
Han Francisco Tnrn»r SclaUetxen, bullseye
contest— Charles Sagehorn 27.'; 11. Enge. 4>J;
W. Ollndemana, 730; J. Straub. 737: Lieutenant
Komi;: J>SS; Captain Attlnr»r 566; C. Niel
sen, tin; F. Klatzel. 1253: J. L L'l chlj 1322;
L. Brun*. 1743; I: Laager, 1731; K. Finking.
2>30; C. Rudolf. 1543: G. Tammeyer. 2373;. Drum
corps— F. Krueckel, 774; XV. Straub. 1343; O.
Krueclcel. 1646.
San Frar.clsco Gnitll. shooting section. rr»i;ii
contest: Champion class— A. Gehret. 416; first
class— O. It. Hauser, 3:«0; • tierond class— L.
Hauser, 370; best first nhot. A. Studer. 23; best
last shot. L. Haurer. 23.
Sun Francisco Turner P'-huetzen. bullseve
Contest- Klr«t. 7. A|'[>enzeller; —COWl] <>
Studer: third. A. Ohret; fourth, O. It. I
fifth. L. Bsaser] Mith. o. yon Wyll; soTcnth,
C. Himmen.
No srores wore kept In any nf the xhoota of
the Verein Kintracht schuetaoa section.
RIFLE RECORD BROKEN.
F. O. Young of the Columbia
Club Sets Another High
Score.
The world ten-shot rifle record on the
Columbia target was broken yesterday by
F. O. Young of the Columbia Pistol and
Rifle Club at the regular meeting on »he
Harbor View range. He made M points
in ten shots in the Qllndemann'i all
comers' rille m<-«lal match, beating the rec
ord of 35. held by A. H. Pan since last
December. The best the Eastern SDOtS
have reached Is S9 on this target. Young's
Individual shots were 3, ■*. •:. I, 6. 4, 3, 2.
1—34. This shows a 3 2-5-Inch aver
age. The shooting was offhand at
IN yards with target rifle. The strnin
was great v.hen he realized that he had a
chance of breaking the record, but for
all that held steady, getting better results
with each shot. Young's last bull- wan
placed in the Inch center and he
railed the result before the marker put
up the bullseye flag.
It Is believed that this score will give
him the Glindcmann medal, on which
I'npe had the call up to yesterday.
Another remarkably good score was
made by C. M. Dalss wl%h the pistol on
the fifty yard target range. In ten snms
he made 31 rolnts In the following order
of shots, 3, ... .'.. 3, l. 3, 4, 2. 4. I—3l. it
will be noticed that he too wound up "bet
ter than he began. Among the otner
good scores were H. Steven* 23. and |> r
J. F. Twist 27. with a small rifle, and a'
Dorrell. 49. with the big rifle at 200 yard/
The best re-entry scores were as follows
ten-shot runs, big rifle. 200 yards, pistol
and small rifle at fifty yards:
Gllndemannall comers' rifle me<lal 200 yards—
F. O. Toons, 34. 4S; A. B. Dorrell 43 52 70-
G. Mannel. 64. «... m. F. L. I'm--. jf| |SJ '
Record rifle— F. S. Washburn. 70. 71, J3*
Twenty-two and twenty-five caliber rifle
medal. CO yards— H. Stevens. 23. 32, 33 43- ii r
L rv™ 9^ "' ;s> - ai - 31 ' »• »• 3S ' »:'Mrs!
Waltham. 40.
Slebe pistol m»<ial. CO yards— C. M Dalss si
45. 4S. 46. 4»; F. O. Youn* 3?. » 37 44 A'
42; P. Becker. 4». «7. S3. 68. 79. « 78 M S «
63. 6«: G. Hoadley, 60. 79. 79. 70. 68*72' «»' U :
J. P. Cosjrrave. «9. 71. 6«. 64. 62. 7S
Record scores. 50 yards, pistol— F. S. Wash
bum. 63; Dr. Twist. 93. Small rifle— H. Stevens.
1 1. - ■
Handball at Ryan's Court.
Handball play yesterday at Phil Ryan's
court. S3S Howard street, was kept up
without abatement during the afternoon.
Among the players was W. J. Swelgert. a
San Jose champion. With T. Poley of this
city he outplayed Phil Ryan. proprietor Of
the Howard street court, and W. H. 6le
berst. Ryan, who Is an all-round crack
player, attributes his defeat to a lack of
practice and over-confidence In his ability
to wipe the score off any player's slate
this side of Chicago. The complete scores
of the games are as follows:
D. Rodgers and P. McKlnnon defeated
21-13 £-21. and O. McL'ona.d. Score
21-13 9 -21. 21-11. c'e '
T- 1^ xJ V tcrma l! a d T. A. Duff y defeated
E. McDonoujph and E. Lynch. Score
21—14. IS— 2l. 21—12.
T. Kennedy and A. J - Orifflth defeated
O. B Hay ward and J. R. Bockman - Score
21—15. 12—21. 21—19.
*Y --J- £ w lg rl ' champion of San Jose.
and W. 11. Sleberst defeated P. Ryan and
M. Ba^ch. Score. 21—19. 10-21 21—15
T. Leach and W. Hassell defeated J
Condon and E. Antron. Score. 21—17,
1H — 21. 21 — 16.
W. 'j. Sweigert and T. Foley defeated
P. Ryan and W. H. Steberst. Score; 21—17.
16—21,21—19.
R. Housman and M. Kirhy defeated T
Folev and D. Regan. Score: 21—13. 1»— 21".
R. Regll and C. Royal defeated T. *<r
res and E. White. Score: 21—19, 13—21,
J. MagiHre and E. Curley detected £,
Toy and J. Harlow. Score: 21—18. X—ii.
21"— la.
rACRAMcNTO COURSING.
BACIUJfBKTO. Nov. i?_in to-da>-«
ctMirslng at Agricultural Park Promise Me
won the handsome silver trophy offered
by Mayor-eloct George Clark. Little Sur
prise wa« the runner up for the stake.
The American Board of Japanese Mis
sions reports that the chief opposition to
Christian missionaries In that country in
not from the heathen priests, but from
the Japanese agnostics.
I oast
BIG FIELDS
AT OAKLAND
OPENING DAY
A Number of Horses Will
Line Up for the First
Time.
Oakland track reopens this afternoon
with a very heavy and attractive lookinc
card. The majority of the races wear a
very open iook and it would not be sur
prising If several "good things" were
tried. There Is every Indication of a large
number of bookmakers cutting In. The
entries are as follows:
First race— Five furlongs; maiden two-year
olds; purse:
26S Tom Sharkey....li;i 219 Hunlork IIS
...llyp.ir.ac. ... ::• ... Xi i:—. ■"-, Hi
... .v'ta 113 I*3 Herculean Hi
... I'reailnaught .. 11 '::■) Lnyta 113
... Vrchln Ii: 34 Ite.l irherry 113
... Ateloic l« ... Orpheus 113
... Blnoooi II! ... Honor Bright. ..lCS
203 Mlys Vrra lug in Brltt 113
... Frank Kuhry---in ... Kose Queen 113
... Floridan .... Ut IX Will Fay 10J
Secoml race— Six furlnnpi; tbre»-year-ol(i«
and upward: selling:
(Sll)Eaii Islington. ..Wi 311 mtmrlsf 107
174 S.m Augustine.. '.•; 24') Alaska ■'>
2»3 l»abelle 01 2'.T Anchored r»
254 Mafada 101 257 Melkartn 103
210 Pvbarts 104 231 Marplot 108
251 The Offertnr.." >■ '-''•! Bomls •»
323 Hlcardo 94 ZU Major Cook M
250 raias »7
Third rare- Seven fill III— SI thr«o-year-ol«l«
an.l upward: selling:
(17«)Humldlty .. 109 234 Petal 31
(312) Lena . I'M 333 Cavdale ... l>
257 Ringmaster . 104 320 Los Medai M....102
Fourth race — One and a sixteenth mil-*,
three- year-olds and upward: nelling:
304 Lavator 931 332 Topmast .. 112
... Ktnsteln 104 217 Xl IlMro »3
203 Satsuma lv"l (241)U>rdal 107
Fifth race— Six furlongs; thre«-year-ol(Ss and
upward, selllnz:
.-« Hlch Hoe 104 (330)M1k« Rle« \\9
279 Havenna i "• ... Maud Ferguson.
127 .I<Tt.l 10.*. 237 Novla 107
227 New Moon >7 r.i Mamie O M
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward: purs'*:
»1 Term. Maid 10*1 IW^4l 1»
... Montanus 11l !<2M)K!nn Carnival. .111
... Fleming 105 218 Merry Hoy 121
2«3 nrlca lt< ...Adam Andrew. .ll4
2^2 Whltcomb .. 10?! 213 Dare II . .. 137
213 Horton 10«
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Burdock. Dreadnaurht. Floridaa.
Second race— Sybarts. Anchored. Major Coolc
Third race— Humidity. LOS Medanoa, Lena.
Fourth race — Sat*uma. Topmast. I<ovdal.
Fifth race— Novla, Mike liic«. Maud Ferru
■on.
Sixth race— King Carnival, I! M r. Walt*
comb. ______^ — _
GARNISHEED SALARIES.
Judge Gaddis Hands Down an Impor-
tant Decision.
WOODLAND, Nov. 19.— A derision
rendered on Saturday by Judge Gaddls
Is of importance to public officials. Ro
cently an Insurance solicitor got Judg
ment against Sheriff Griffin on ■ note
and assigned the account. A writ for
execution was issued and the September
salary was garnlshced In the hands of
the Auditor before it was Issued. The
Auditor refused to deliver the warrant to
the Sheriff. The court granted a writ of
mandate and on this writ all the issues
were tried.
The Sheriff had previously assigned tho
warrant to another party The tnter
contended tliat by reason r>t such
ment whatever might t>e das
Sheriff un the warraai had lost Its Iden
tity as a salary. The court holds that
the law ;■!■■• :.-i the salary of a public
official as a safeguard to insure th*
j.r'.j.»-r administration oi • and
that this rule founded on pul
cannot be
nirality. Th»- Auditor is «iire.-t*-.l to i!<!.'i»»
the warrant t.. the Sh»rlfT The ra-.
be appealed to the Supreme Court.
I>r. Moody Improving.
i:\st NORTHFIKLD, sfassv. ROl ■
Dwight L. M'..'ly. who Thursday nuf
f. r. v an attack of heart tn.ut.l* while
•1 In evangelical work In Kanaas
City, reached his home to-tlny. The gen
eral condition <>f Mr. Moody ha.< much
Improved. His temperature Is nearly
normal and his pulse continues to im
j.ri.v.
Ex-Mayor Carey Dead.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 10. -John B. Carer.
rx- Mayor of Wichita. Kans.. died sud
denly at the Garden City Sanitarium this
afternoon. He was sitting in his chair
at the time. Death was due to oM age
and general debility. He had been an In
mate of tho sanitarium for nine months.
His age was 11 and he leaves a widow
ami six children.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
K\"£.ffA ,
is- »'A j
Radwa/s
Pi! Is
r ? r '' t ly »*«'tahlß. mild and reliable. Cans.
K^lthful "reVu'urrtV. CODIPI<t * mbmor *" •-
t For ll }f cure of all disorders of th» Stomach.
,-» OW *'"' uK!(lu K!(ln r «. niail.r. Femal. If!
r ul * rltl n,i Blck "•■•»•««»•. Blllousnes.. CoL
Tj.-VJ-r- *.?"*■ * nd •" <J«rangements of th*
Internal Viscera. 23c a box. At Drusgtsta.
or by mall lUDWAT & CO.. N.w Tors.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MAN'S COLLAPSE
AN OPPORTUNITY
FOR THE LADIES
Four Hundred Busy
Women.
POLICE ARE NOT LAUGHING
GOING TO CONGRESS NOTHING
LIKE A JOKE.
Art M..r.y Things in Oakland
ad Tend to Increase
I vor cf the Great
National Holiday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
>.S Broadway. Nov. IS.
Tfc« Ebell ladies are not r.ew women—
'. '■• y are the genuine oM-tlme. practical
« Tiiers. which type always wins ad-
Jon. commar.ils respect and is lnva
:> *-ueeossful. The manner in which
c ntwrll has set about raisins the money
: I rh.it library site has opened the eyes
the staid old men and the unambitious
'•: ■-" n<«-n. and has caused them to
»-nare the feeling of the snail when !t is
hunting for its shell. The men worke.i
v v.. r .v a«j then calmly aeknowV :-•• !
•■• U at. Th< y did not even do this without
■ Hue equivocation— Che library trustees
w«re Fudu«-nly ir.-lueed to think that I*a
tayettt- njusre was the place nature ln
• ! l-ir a frt-« library, an.i this de
ft, of course, made it unnecessary for
iMe men to hunt blindly lor that thirty
thousand.
The ladies are going to win— they are
- ing to quit till they reach their fig
■ •. and It possible will do even more.
They iuter.d to have a children's annex to
•: • Library If fund« cm be obtained. This
i> as pood as raying that funds will b«
• btalned. tor those four hundred ladies
present ■ more formidable front than any
*md of the faint-hearted men of
h this city boasts.
And what l» very agreeable Is the
h\ that the ladles are working sole
f( r th< library an-i that no one is seek
. . ■ : <? reward <<f a nomination for State
.-■ ator or for Governor.
Mr-. Emma Shafter Howard can say
• •• pretty things. During the week a
letter from her appeared in print in which
-• • *;»>>: "About six weeks ago a gen
• : call for a citizens" meeting was sent
it: to consider the Carnegie gift to Qak
: i :.-*.. There was a sprinkling of men at
•- . • :::•.* ar.d hardly more than a unit
: v. :r.< :. Vigorous determination to
meet the gift with the rum of fP.COO for
i site waf the sririt of that meeting and
plans to this end were decided upon.
•"That moment was cur opportunity for
co-operatic n as men ar.tl wenun. as clubs
and societies. If we had had the genius
to seize It the task would have been ac
oomp!lkh#j then and there. We lost it.
We • should acknowledge and regret it
and cease this mistaking of fractions for
• the whole number. In this way we will
'• an and wircmlHT how to act in future.
"Then tfcrre ■Rill be hope for our growth
• -» that *ir.«-:u;ure cf expansion' of which
Mr. I»avis so wisely speaks, and the nar
row s<-if-piorirtcxt!on which resorts to
fraction will and Its greatest results In
the recognition of the whole."
All of which m*-ar.« that the "sprinkling
•fit r.'.t n" are cot to be ccmpaied with the
•'harcily more than a unit of women '
•rhen it comes to raising money for a
:.:r;iry r::e. which would appear to be
true.
In a r^^rrt of the discovery cf dyna
mire at »\Wt r»ak!.ird one cf the local
fcewtpaperi said that the suggestion "that
the dynamite was intended to tlow up the
Standard Oil Wcrk* is laughed at by the
• .•. They *ay that i^.e dynamite and
t •jrplar'* tooln had been simply hidden in
ih» lumber pie for further u?< by the
kr.isrht* < ? the jimmy."
If the r3" rv * really be laughing at each
•':•-;• rate crime as it is revealed the de
- irunent must surely be on the verge of
. Ct of .-.ysteric* by this time. The rob
) , ;, v rr.aj-ked rcifn of Christt-r.snn'c
s-*l'»on rr.uft have started the risiKe
• rrnr.<« <f th«- police; the Alameda rail
road cafe affair must have produced a
calMaOffh; th< murdir of John Thomas
tr. Thr- raine hypothesis must have re-
Ku'.ted in a jru.Taw. while the discovery of
the dynamite and fuse- at the oil works
riuM at leaft have been pood for a
■ f nicker. When a couple more murder*
[•re ad.ied to the lift it may reasonably
*»* expected that the police will go into
: a veritable paroxysm of grinning. For
my part 1 will pay that I have not noticed
the police doing much laughlnir lately—
• • ■•■ ; ass In ami out of the City Hall
Avlih a very «erinu!» mien, while the Police
« • ramlaslonen and possibly a few citixens
:.re a-w ir<ierinc if it would r.ot be pub
••*ct fcr Lr.ughter if Rome of the ml*
< rear.te were landed in the tanks.
!f rvfr a roan went to Conjrre** fully
rotted regarding the needs of h!s district
*nd the de?ires of his constituent? that
man J* Victor !!. Metcalf. It has taken
Mr. Metealf a year, with the asßlstar.ce
ofrtme or two i*ecretaries. to satisfy his
rcr.pc!< nr? that he will go to Washington
prepared to act as an Intelligent Congress
man. The amount of preparation made
J;&i aftcn'.Phrd those who were inclined to
think that the office of Congressman is
it perfunctory Job. not a great deal infe
ri'r to that nf a City Councilman. This
Clctrict Include* seven counties, in one cf
• • . b Is th<* Mare Island naval nation.
I r many months Mr. Metealf has been
• kltiss UM various bus.y centers of these
:-'\»-n counties and gathering the data
that Is r.e<-r«*ary to do Justice to this
larpe and important district in the hal!s
I'■ • RTets. The Congressman is as well
i -' I n lh« situation at Vallejo a* he
: *':.• Oakland harbor question, and
th»rt- neenu not a shadow of doubt but
ihat Mr. M'.tcalf will Justify all that wa«
■ Limed fcr him at his nomination, and
• .: prove his title to the confidence of
• • tlg Republican majority that elected
: ~ Alnmwia County has always been
Oatncrir.p fr.r a young man of energy and
j osh for Congress, end now* she has one.
Rudolph P^rmlen's experience is a
unique « hart^-r in the court history of
Oakland. Or.c week he was convicted of
• felorv at the Instance of a young lady.
' • following week he was discharged,
■nd th« roans lady wu openly upbraided
\ y the court; not only for her testimony.
i .: also for her manner. No one doubts
ih^ wis<JTn r.f Judire Hall or of the Dis
trict Attorney's office in the premises.
mien it n»ore of a candidate for a
asylum than a penitentiary- He
i -I* a suardian.
..
The City Council needs a rubber stamp.
It fhouM r^ad. "No money for anything
this year." Councilman are assuming a
permanently t*<l hue that docs them an
Injustice because of their enforced blush-
Jr.ir. Many lira's a week the members
Lave to decline to put in resolution* for
:<*»walks. cro*s!r.rs and other very ncces
' -. ry improvements beraum* there is not a
• kvailable for such purposes. If Su
■ rtnteadent Miller were not close to the
v ■ rs that made the tax levy I should
Miy the income of the city was placed at
the rre&er.t mark to cover him— like many
i! th« ctreets— withjnud.
Next week should s>e everybody rejolc
lin. and although Oakland is full of pes
simists It might not be amistt to mention
• :-w of the things for which this city
I rejoice and be truly thankful. Car
t.'f.f has given her fM.OOft; There will soon
M a britipe at the foot of Webster street:
City Hall has not burned down, nor
!■:«« St fallen down; there is a prospect of
■ me time cutting a harbor; there •<re a
?• * hr* tilurians than there were a year
tiC^". they have moved to San Francisco
ar.<l other places; the City Council still
has some vigor left to propose new meas-
Ure«, and the bicycle ordinance is being
• trictly enforced: It has also been proven
that when the xaen of the city faint the
ladle* can be depended upon to maintain
tr.ur.icinal dignity and self-respect.
' STUART w. booth.
A Watertawn «N. V.) peddler hasj been
j j*-nt to Jail for four month* because he
l-.iswd a child without permission being
'•••: obtained. J
SOCIETY DOINGS
ACROSS THE BAY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call. I
Broadway. Nov. 19.
THE happy sequence of a two years' .
engagement will be realized this j
week In a social event of some note j
when on next • Thursday evening
Miss Virginia Callehotta and Harry P.
Dlehl will he united In marriage. The
wcddinir will take place In the parlors of
Trinity Episcopal Church, on Telegraph
avenue. Rev. Dr. John Blakewell. rector
of the church, officiating. The bride is
the charming and talented daughter of
Mrs. A. Callehotta of this city. She Is a !
favorite among a very large circle of
friends. The groom, who is a nephew of
Captain Budro* of Berkeley, is equally
popular in portal circles. He conducts a
prosperous shipping commission business
in San Francisco. Th»* young couple on
returning from their honeymoon trip will
make their home in the metropolis.
Another wedding announced for the
coming week is that of Miss Edith Evelyn
Wade and Charles S. Wlghtman. wh'ch j
will take place next Tuesday evening at |
the Brooklyn Presbyterian Church. Rev.
Mr. Fraser will perform the ceremony.
Miss Blanche Hnstetter will be the maid ;
of honor and John Fuller will act as best
man.
A pretty wedding during the week just
passed was that of Miss Mollie O'Connell
and Harry Gray, general foreman of .he ,
passenger department of the Southern
Pacirtc Company, which took place at the
home of the bride'a parents. fcs3 Filbert
street, last Wednesday evening. Rev.
Father Morrison officiating. The brlda
was gowned in blue silk with point d'esprlt
lace. The bridesmaid. Miss Marguerite
O'Conr.e:i. wore blue foulard trimmed with
cream-colored honiton lace. David Mc-
Carthy was best man. A banquet «md re
ception followed the. ceremony. On their
return from their honeymm.n trip to Los
Angeles and southern points the young
couple will resit?* with the bride's parents.
Miss Grace M. Kir.g. daughter of C. K.
King, just returned from a visit of sev
eral months with friends of the family
at Reno. Nev.. gave a reception to the
baseball team and young lady co-eds of
the Nevada University lr.st Friday even
ing at C-Tl West street. Amcr: thoAe pres
ent wore: Miss Gen!** Klmball; Mi** Eh
t^lle Farron, Miss Lizzie Parkinson. M!*.*
Carrie Kir.v-. Mrs Sam King. Miss Caire.
Roy SundTland. Ernest Corris, Sam King
and others.
Among the teas scheduled fcr the sea
son is one to ho given by Mrs. Egbert
Stone of San Francisco next Wednesday.
Mrs. H. K. Cook also has sent out cards
for next Tuesday; and on December 2 the
Knowles will give a big t^a. which is to
te a sw<?li affair. The Misses Knowies
and many of Oakland's most prominent
society belles assist in receiving.
Misses Charlotte and Theresa Gallndo
! entertained friends at their home on Tele
j graph avenue last Friday evening. The
house decorations were in gTeen. palms,
etc.. and games, music and dancl.*g made
| the occasion a pleasant one. Among those
• P"*' t «'r:t were: Miss Alice Donovan. Mi«s
j Dollle Chapman. Miss Charlotte Bow?n
Miss Fontaine, the Misses White. Miss
; Forest. Miss Hopkins, the- Misses Plun
. kett. Miss Mabel Church. Mlfs Sins
heimer. Carl Schilling. Howard Pixley.
the Messrs. Emich. Jean Chrishogan.
Curtlss Forest. T»r. Jordan, Markhara
Forest. Mr. Hopkins, the Messrs. Gutte.
Mr. Ruff. Mr. Chestnut. W. Chapman,
, George Innes and Mr. Jackson.
The reh< - musical Idyl of
pre-
SOLDIER WRECKS A
WHOLE RESTAURANT
Curtis Brown Create* a Wild Scene,
Much Damage and Lands
in Jail.
OAKLAND. Nov. I?.— Curtis Brown, a
private ln Company F of the Fortieth
Regiment, created a wild scene and havoc
at the Station restaurant. Seventh and
Broadway depot. th!s afternoon. Unher
alded, he entered the restaurant, which
was fairly filled with patrons, and
promptly made felt his presence by upset
ting tables at which guests were seated,
and picking up chairs, which he hauled
from one end of the room to the other.
Sugar bowls, catsup bottle*, cruet stands.
dishes and victuals were promiscuously
scattered and smashed on the floor;
guests ran screaming from the place with
heads uncovered, firmly believing that a
raving maniac h.id interrupted their meal.
Fvcntually Policeman Morrison was
summoned and the boisterous soldier was
r.verpowered and hauled to the City
Prison wh«rr*» charges of drunkenness and
malicious mischief were placed against
Ma name lirown facetiously remarked
tVat 'he had "just ccme to town." He
gave his ngc as 19 years and hi resi
dence as Kansas.
■ m ■
Tickets for Thanksgiving Game.
BFRKELEY, Nov. V.— Manager I. J.
Mum*. of the University of California
fontball team has announced that the sale
of seats for the Thanksgiving intercolle
cfat' football game will open at the Uni
versity at 1 o'clock 01 Tuesday afternoon.
""he team of the University of Oregon,
—h£vi Alaved the U. C. students on the
" h ' c l p la yesterday, left to-nigh' fW
,-":'; on* the Oregon express. The -.>■
t'ors had hoped to secure a match with
Stanford, but were unable to obtain a
5,i. nnrlnc the .lay the eleven were
?££n Phe • siKhw of San Francisco by the
Ire fraternity men who ha\ ■* been
their hosts while they have been here.
The Chinese in America.
UKRKFI XV ' The Ladi< - M
Church held a I n<*rt this
evening, the profraa
A the The Chinese in America."
The unique senrlcc was cotici
address by I^e To. a Christianized Chi
nese of San Francisco.
IHE SAN HiAJNCIiCO CALL, MONDAY, KOVEiiBiB 20, I>> ').
Opera-house, are progressing nicely. The
folos are to be sung by Miss Florence
Sharon and Miss Pauline Fore. The fol
lowing ladle? will act at patronesses: Mrs.
Shafter Howard. Mrs. Mauvais. Mrs.
Ritchie. Mrs. Russ. Mrs. Fred Hall. Mrs.
Stanford. Mrs. Garthwaite. Mrs. Robert
Moore. Mrs. A. D. Thomson. Mrs. Lee.
Mr?. Mem. Mrs Yule. Mrs. Cheek. Mrs.
Crcllin. Mrs. Rcqua. Mrs. Tait. Mrs.
Frank Havens. Mrs. F. M. Smith. Mrs. J.
I* Howard. Mrs. Wheaton. Mrs. Phillips,
Mrs. James Allen. Mrs. Valentine.
Company A. Fifth Infantry Rejdment.
Second Brigade. N. G. C. will ftive its
thirty-r.ir.th anniversary ball on the eve
of Thanksßivinjr day. Wesdnesday even
inp. November 2T<. at Armory Hall. Elab
orate preparations are beinc made and
the hall will be beautifully decorated.
The marriage of Miss Minnie Coffee,
an artist of considerable not*, to Rev. N*.
C B. Smith, Is announced to take place
on Monday. January 1. ISOO. at the Eighth
avenue M. E. Church.
On next Wednesday evening Mis? Louise
Me.idick is to become the bride of Fred
erick Meyers of San Leandro. Th- wed-
:.ce of
I
Cards are out for the wedding of Mis 3
j Ethel Cortnne liccht vl San t'rancisco
i and Seth William Chlsby of Oakland. The
I wedding will take place on Wednesday
■ evening. November 29, at &:Z0 o'clock in
tit. Luxe's Episcopal Church. San Fran
cisco. A reception at the bride's home
will follow the ceremony.
One cf the largest receptions of the sea
son is to be given Tuesday afternoon.
November 23. when Mr. and Mrs. W. G.
Cooke will receive friends from 3 till 0
at their home. 1227 Linden street.
The engagement has been announced of
Miss Bertha Pratt of Woodland, who
formerly resided on Charter street in this
city, and Wilbert Blair, a rising young
j business man of Yolo County. Miss
Pratt's father is one of Woodland" best
i known citizens.
The wedding of Miss Katie E. Roach
i and David Neal. one of the heroes Of the
I cruiser Boston, will take place next
j Thursday at the me of the bride's par-
I ents. 1112 East Eleventh street. Rev
j Father Gleason will officiate,
i N*xt Tuesday evening Miss Jeanette
• Dozicr will entertain the members of th
! senior class of the High School at her
; residence on Telegraph avenue
j Ivy Lodge. No. 4. D. of H.. will give a
i £ r . ama tic entertainment and dan • on
|\\ edresday evening. November 22. at
I>[< ? z ,, f : ,PPTa-hoiise. cornPr of Twelfth
and Webster streets.
James L. Wheeler, representative of
Baifour. Guthrie & Co.. will leave next
Friday r>nn trip Ea«t He
™,* vl ?>, Sa!t . Lflke an<l Denver and will
d , , th £, winter at his old home at
Philadelphia, and from there to New
■iork. Boston ar.d Washington.
FELL FROM A HOUSE
AND BROKE HIS NEC
OAKLAND. Nov. 19.-Shlrley Brodt
aged 24 years and employed as an en
gineer by the Ralston Health Food Com
pany, of which his father. Aurelius W
Brodt. Is manager, fell from the roof of
his home. O'A Eighteenth street, early this
f^ nn < n(T . tO i\ he e :"ind below, about thirt'y
l?°» f eet V Hls neck was broken and he ex
pired a few moments later.
A rumor to the effect that the voune
m ?. n h , a !? om ™ >tted suicide was prompt
the members of the family
Miss Wyntle B. Brodt, sister of the de
r^STn- B ». at that whl'e i her brother was
reading his Bible late this afternoon In
th- sitting-room she complained to him
that the skyiiß ht In the house had been
leaklnc badly during the rains of the past
few days.
"Early this evening my brother went
upstairs said Miss Brodt to-night, "and
he climbed out on the roof. I have no
doubt but that he went to repair the sky
light. Shirley had no troubles of any
kind he was ln perfect health and his sad
death was purely accidental."
Dra. Porter and Stratton were Imme
diately summoned, but their services were
of little avail, for the injured man soon
breathed his last. An examination proved
his neck was broken, and presumably he
also sustained other Injuries internally
At the Oakland Theaters.
OAKLAND. Nov. 19.-Nance ONeil the
eminent tragedienne, will appear at the
Macdonoußh Theater on next Wednesday
for an engagement of four nights and a
, special matinee on Saturday. Her reper
toire will be follows: Wednesday even
lr.fr. "Magda": Thursday eveninsr. "The
Jew-ess"; Friday evening. "The School for
Scandal": Saturday matinee. "Camllle"'
Saturday evening. "Oliver Twist." The
sale of seats will begin to-morrow morn
ing at the box-office. •
To-morrow and Tuesday nights Miss
Eugenic Blair, the emotional actress will
make her first appearance at the Maedon
ough. as the star in "A Lady of Quality "
which has enjoyed a successful run in San
Francisco.
At the Dewey Theater the management
announces for the coming week's attrac
tion New York's latest comedy success
entitled "Mr. Plaster of Paris." The play
throughout i!« said to he a masterpiece in
repartee.and furnishes several excellent
characterizations-, among them a very
amusing Swede role. •
NEW ZEALANDER
HIGHLY PRAISES
THE UNIVERSITY
He Likes California
Schools.
DR. BAUME MAKES HIS REPORT
VISITED AMERICA FOR THE
COLLEGE COUNCIL.
He Gives a Glowing Account of the
System of Accredited Schools
and Recommends Its
Adoption.
BERKELEY An antipodean
of California is
contained it. t: • mads by F. E.
Baume. LL B :.t meeting
of the I Council at
N 7. . as printed in tht Auck
land Star of October 7.
Mr. Baume visited the United States last
Eummer as a commissioner of the Univer
sity College Council to study American
university methods and ideais. He vis
ited Berkeley on his return Journey to
New Zealand and was greatly struck with
the organization and methods of the Uni
versity of California. He spent a num
ber of days at the university under the
guidance of Professor J. Henry Senger
and Director A. 1 >. Laus< hner of the Stu
dents' Observatory.
The dutits of the president of the uni
versity .-truck Mr. Baume as a particu
larly good feature of the American uni
versity system. "The president of the
university." says his report, "is responsi
ble for the entire teaching and adminis
tration of the university, and is chosen
rather for his reputation as an [minis.
tratur than as a scholar. To him is in
trust* for all practical purposes the ap
pointment of the members of the teach
, ing faculty. He seeks tO gather around
\ him men of mark in the various branches
cf learning— by such means attracting
) students to the university— and endeavors
to give it a high position ln the educa
tional world. It will be seen, therefore,
how the standing of such a university
depends largely upon the personality of
its president.
"The University of California is an in
tegral part of the public educational sys
tem of the State, and as such It completes
the work done in the public school."
Mr. Baume commends the system of ac
crediting secondary schools, by which, he
says. th»? educational interests of the
! State are knit closely together and the.
; quality of the work done in the secondary
1 schools Is Improved.
"The power thus given," he says, "is
carefully exercised by the principal of the
accreJitcl school, for the career of the
, student so recommended reflects on his
i school anJ Is. to some extent, a criterion
of the work dor.r thereat and the tltnesa
or otherwise of the school to remain upon
the accredited list, a distinction which is
of moment to all schools and of actual
monetary value to private schools."
Mr. Uaume applies the conclusion
which he has drawn from the University
of California in recommendations con
cerning the adaptability of these methods
to conditions in New Zealand. He speaks
admiringly of the general Interest taken
in California in the extension of univer
sity education, which results, he says, "in
making private gifts stupendous."
His admiration for the system of accred
ited schools is shown by the fact that he
recommends for the institution in New
Zealand a system of Inspection, examina
tions and accredited schools similar to
that which Is In vogue In California. He
says further that some provision should
be made to introduce the university ex
tension system, such as prevails In Cali
fornia. Before a subsequent meeting of
the University College Council Mr. Baume
made a report upon the astronomical work
of the University of California. While in
Berkeley he declared that the Lick Ob
servatory was unequaled in the world
and that the Students' Observatory at
Berkeley was a mHlti institution.
GERMAN LADIES ENTERTAIN.
A Pleasant Evening Given by the Aid
Society in Harmonic Hall.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 19.— The annual en.
tertainment and ball of the German La- '
dies' Aid Society took place last night in !
Harmonic Hall. A large number of peo- !
ple were present and the affair proved to '
be one of the most successful yet given !
by the society. Besides an interesting
musical programme, two farce comedies
were produced by local talent. At the
conclusion of -the musical programme!
dancing was indulged in until the small ;
hours of the morning. The reception com- I
mittce was composed of the following la- !
dies: Mesdames Leydecker, Wlchman, '
Heinsohn. Lieber. Schwerin. Bruns, Shan- |
ley and Ansel. F. Fischer was floor di- !
rector and his assistants were Messrs. i
Koerber, Kaehler. Wichman Jr.. Sprec
kles, Schwartz, Munro, Durein and Helm- I
ken.
The officers «f the society are: Presl- j
dent. Mrs. H. Helmken: vice president, i
Mrs. E. Kaehler; secretary. Mrs. C Wii- '
helml: treasurer. Mrs. L. Warnke. The I
society does a great deal of good in caring ;
for the poor and destitute families of Ala- .
meda. A large amount of food and cloth- !
Ing Is dispensed by the ladies of the or
ganlxation during the year, and their en- i
tertainments are always liberally patron- J
ized by the charitable loving people of !
this city. !
« » »
EX-COUNCILMANS ARREST.
E. W. Woodward Meets an Officer
Who Made No Distinction as
to Cyclists.
Oakland. Not. It.— Ex-Councilman
F. W. Woodward, who figured prominent
ly in the agitation and pas«aj,%- of the or
dinance prohibiting • :;ng on the
• .»•>• dismount when
meeting nedestria::.-. wai early
g for a violation of that «.rdf
nance. Wo< dward w a the side,
at Twenty-fifth street and San
Pablo avenue, when Servant Gr- •
the police .spied and promptly am
him. The pns >n< r who is ■-
-ted that he was riding as near
the sidewalk aa possible; that
nlinance doe? not <-ontemp!ate the
who, when they meet pe
«ns. turn off on to the gr;-.
However.
dewalk on which Woodward was
- full wtdth and flush to the
curb. Hi raise this
te< hntcal point. Woodward was ordered
x-> jiut up .* - •>:!. He reluctantly
complied with the major premise and
remonstrant threatened "to
make it warm for the on":
Died of Typhoid Pneumonia.
OAKLANI'. N I II The funeral of
in, wh.» died aboard his
fathers bark. Alaska, • •:: November H.
while on his journey horn* from the
Klondike, where he had gone in search
of fortune last spring, was held this aft
. and the remains were inn rred
in St. Mary*! Cemetery. The services
conducted by Rev. Father Serda
La.-U night Coroner Mehrman conducted
an ino,ue<t on the young mans death.
and the jury brought in a verdict that
was due to typhoid pneumonia. De-
I was a«iative of New Jersey, aged
21 years.
Bey. Dr Geoghjgan Undecided.
BERKELEY. Nov. U-.-The resignation
of Rev. W. B. Geoghegan of the I'nitarlan
Church was not tendered at this morn
ing's service as was expected. The
divine has received a very flattering call
from an Eastern congregation and it has
r imored for several days among the
local Unitarians that the invitation would
■
Th» business meeting, which it had been
announced would be held at the clone of
to-day's 11 o'clock service, was postponed
until next Sunday. It hi said that Rev
Geoghegan will then give his decision a«
to whether of not he will go East.
HUNTING TRIP
THAT FINISHED
DISASTROUSLY
Drowning of James
Mulqueeney.
Oakland Offlcc San Francisco Call.
Nov. 19.
A young hunt- r. whOM name is sup
111 1 be Jan-. | :;ng at
tilfornia rtreet.fi
.ir..wned in the bay oft B street, n- ar Em
eryville, under rather peculiar circum
stances this afurn->on.
Harmon Levy, aged 18 years, residing at
ZYA visadero street. San Francisco, was
the dead man's companion and that he
survived to relate the story la wholly due
to the prompt and timely action of G. Jen
sen and H. C. Olson, both residing on Et
ta street, this city. Their attention was
attracted to young Levy, floundering be
side an ovcrturnt-d boat a considerable
distance from the shore at the foot of B
street, by two unknown boys playing near
the water.
Jensen and Olson Immediately secured a
rowboat and went to Levy's rescue. They
found the lad in an exhausted condition
yet clinging desperately to the overturned
boat. When brought ashore and revived
Levy stated that he and a young man
whom he believes to be Muiqueenty had
come over from San Francisco this after
noon on a hunt. trip. Somewhere- near
Emeryville they nad hired a light boat.
They had not been out on the water long
when the deceased wishing to relieve
Levy at the oar*, arose to change his seat.
In doing so he had disturbed a gun lying
across two seats. Apparently the gun was
cocked and his trouser leg brushing
roughly against it set it oft. and the load
•■: shot blew a hole through the side of
the boat Just below the water line.
"We tried to plug up the hole." said
young Levy, "but couldn't succeed very
well, and the water kept rushing in. so
one tried to bail out water, while the
other rowed as hard as possible, but it
was no use. Soon the boat started sink-
Ing and all there was left for us to do was
to get out. turn her over and hold on un
til some one could see us and come to
save us.
"For a long time we hallooed with all
our might. Presently my friend slipped
off exhausted. Finally he only clung to
one of my legs. Tin: he got too weak and
sank out of sight. I tried to continue to
call for help, but was also too weak and
1 had about given up all hope of being
saved when those two gentlemen came
nut In a boat and rescued me. I was in
the water at least an hour."
As to the identity of the deceased Levy
says that he was atred about 21 years; he
was Inclined to be stout; was red-haired,
and was employed in a San Francisco
plumbing shop. Levy had been hunting
with him before, but he had never learned
his true name. Ho said the trip that
proved so disastrous had been planned
only yesterday In the plumbing shop
where deceased was employed.
The body of the drowned young man has
not been recovered.
Jan Mulqueeney. father of the victim,
residing at 3412 California street, offers
$100 reward for the recovery of his son's
body.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. Nov. I!>.— California Council
No. -• Y. M. 1., will cive a "ladies' night"
and social In Lafayette Hall next Wed
nesday night. A choice programme of
entertaining numbers will be rendered
and iight refreshment s» will be served.
An important meetinsr cf the Mu
nicipal League will be h«!d to-morrow
evening at Lindermans Hall. The com
mittee on the new charter will make Its
report, and other matters of importance
to the taxpayers and the eeneral public
will me before tho meeting. .' -j,
Catherine Roberts, a native of England,
aced C 3 years, died last night it her resi
dence. 1303 Ninth street. Mrs Roberts
had resided In this State about ten year*.
Sh*» was a widow and leaves one son, J.
Roberts. _^__^_________
MUCH GOLD IN SIBERIA.
Dimitri Evanov Tells of a New Klon-
dike in the North.
At the Palace, a route to his home, is
Dimitri Evanov. a Russian scientist,
who has been spending the last five years
In Siberia studying the geology and
mineralogy of the country for the infor
mation of the Imperial Government at St.
Petersburg.
Mr. Evanov is enthusiastic In the ex
treme concerning the future of Siberia,
particularly that portion of It from
Vladivostok north. He says the country
is teeming with mineral wealth that
needs merely the hand of enterprise to
develop it and create on the Asiatic side
of the Bering Sea and Arctic Ocean a
rival of the famous Klondike.
While the country is not adapted for
farming or agricultural pursuits it i.<
immensely rich in minerals, particularly
gold, which can either be washed from
the placers of the numerous rivers or
mined from the hills farther in the in
terior.
These pursuits, he thinks, if once prop
erly entered upon, would naturally at
tract thousands of people and become
the means of adding various business en
terprises to the industry of mining, which
enterprises would be very materially
helped by the completion of the Siberian
railway by being brought Into quick and
direct touch with the various capitals of
Europe.
While the foregoing i* the account tnat
Mr. Evanov gives of his mission to Si
beria and his presence In this city, it is
whispered that the real object of his b-.ing
here is quite different.
For some time past it has been known
that there were several agents '"f the
Siberian Hailroad in the United States
looking for a Pacific Coast terminal for
their vessels which are to run out of
Port Arthur. Mr. Evanov. it is paid,
is one of these and his business here . - to
look at the facilities San Francisco has
to offer, as he has already looked into the
merits of Puget Sound ports He will
also examine the claims of San Diego.
He leaves to-morrow for the East,
where he is said to be going to arrange
for transcontinental railroad connections
and for steamship connections across the
Atlantic. •■•; '■-:
QUEER DISAPPEARANCE.
An Injured 807 of Whom No Trace
Can Be Found.
I.a.«t October Frr-d Cappers, a youth of
17 years of age. disappeared from his
h«>me in this city, and. though his pa
rents made every effort to trace him. his
whereabouts could not be found.
Yesterday there appeared in Th«» C»S
an account of a ><~>ung man of r.he same
name being injured in a machine shop in
Oakland and being taken to the city hos
pital 'or treatment.
The parents of the missing Cappers read
the account and at once went over to see
!if the injured youth was their son. Ar
1 riving at the hospital, they wer
that the patient had been removed to the
home of J. Hunsell. at *$4 Thirty-fourth
street. They went to the address piven
them, but there to their surprise learned
that Cappers had been taken to the in
firmary-
From the house they traveled to the in
firmary, only to learn that no person of
that name was there or had been ad
mitted at any time. Additional inquiries
' brought no further information, and to
day the search will be continued and the
lad found if he has not vanished
i pletely like the genii in the tale.
Wanted for Grand Larceny.
SANTA BARBARA N<v. 1• -A man by
the name of Dudman was arrested here
last night by Marshal Martin on a war
rant wired from Visalia. Dudman is
wanted in Visalia for grand larceny,
where, it i» alleged, he defrauded differ
ent merchants out of goods.
Struck by a Streetcrr.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 19.— Arthur
er. 24 years of age. son of Joseph Fisher.
of Norwalk. was struck -by
of the Traction line to-day and his jkii.l
fractured. He is alive, but his chances of
recovery are small
RESULT OF A TERRIBLE
JOURNEY IN THE NORTH
AKLONDIKER named Frank Elliott made a curious appeal to Oft-
H 1 • of the California stre«t Pottee Sta
begged that h- bfl taker ; and asked tl
his influence to secure him lrr:
of three months. Behind Elliott "s strance request lies a patheti<
of hardships in Urn fmzen north and t • man's ct.
proud to beg the necessities of life from his fellow men while he lives In a he!p
'Odltion.
Elliott hobbled up to the officer on Sum*- -treet and exhibited a p^:r •*•*
from which I ' !1# *
said hir= feet had been ff I
.m. but ■
which he nearl' It took him two .lays I
accomplished the trip on his hands and -.
When he v. . amp. hi*
feet were frozen and he h vf red between life and death for -ev.-ral i
A surgical operation became necessary and Elliott came to s.i
a steamer for that purpose. He ha but was
■ •: ■ :i the trip down. With the remaining $300 he had his I
attended to in this eft time ago.
r the ope- had wandered over th*> city in a
ra lf p| -'hi to make an hot
- wMeh h- w!!l r»turn t » the hdd l*<.
- •
man was booked on a charge of vagrancy and hi
morning.
CHAS. J. BEHLOW
DIES SUDDENLY
FROM APOPLEXY
>
Leaves an Estate of
Almost a Million.
Charles J. Behlow. a wealthy capitalist
and prominent business man of this city,
died very suddenly .• his home. ISO 7 Oc
tavla street, yesterday morning. Mr.
Behlow retired Saturday night, feeling
perfectly well, but Sunday morning an
apoplectic stroke attacked him. Dr. Da
vid Cohn. the family physician, was has
tily sumoned, but nothing could be done
for the stricken man. He was 57 years
old.
c. J. Behlow emigrated to America from
Germany li 153T*. lie left New York for
California in iva. in which year he or
ganized the firm of H. Llebes & Co. with
Hermann Lleb*?s. On the death of his old
partner, in ls:«S.l s :«S. Mr. Behlow withdrew eo
tlrely from the fur business, in which he
had amassed a large forune.
He was a very active man and was one
of the promoters of a proposed new thea
ter opposite the oH Baldwin site not
many weeks aeo. Hi* estate is valued at
almost a million dollars.
The funeral services will be held to
morrow at half-past 1 o'clock at the fam
ily residence. They will be conducted by
the Pacific I^odge of Ma-sons, of which
the deceased was a member. The remains
will be cremated at the Masonic Ceme
tery. ___^^_____^___
RAILROAD" MANAGERS
PLACED IN ARREST
Rival Companies Clash in tin En
deavor to Lay Tracks Over
the Same Ground.
COUNCIL. BLUFFS. lowa. Nov. 19.—
Early this morning a clash occurred be
tween the Omaha and Council Bluffs Rail
way and Bridge Company and the Council
Bluffs and Suburban Hallway Company j
that resulted in the arrest of General i
Marager IMmmoek and members of the !
construction gang of the former corpora- ]
tlon. charged with violating the Sabbath. '
The Council Bluffs and Suburban Railway
Company is a new concern. Near the
roundhouse of the Burlington road 'a a
narrow strip of ground on which the
Suburban Company ha? acquired track
age rights. The other company wanted a
track on the same plat, and concluded to
steal a march on its opponents. At mid
night General Manager Dlmmock and a
crew of thirty men appeared on the scene
and went to work. About fifty ties and
four lengths of rail had been laid when
representatives of the Suburban Company
appeared with officers and an Injunction.
Dlmmock yielded gracefully.
To accommodate the warring factions
Judge Aylesworth of the Superior Court
held a special session at midnight to
night. The attorneys for both parties I
asked for restraining orders, which were !
granted. The old company was restrained
from laying further tracks en the ground
in question, and the new company from i
removing the track already laid by the
old company.
M. BENAPD ARRIVES
IN NEW YORK CITY
Will Consult With the Trustees and
Regents of the University of
California.
NEW YORK. N 'n the -
shin La Bretagne of the French line,
which arrived from flavr* to-
Kmll Benard. the Fren. i. who
was recently decorated with I
• gion of H i banquet
the eve of h\< departure
the lr. -• " M
8.-nar-: to consult
with i : ■ t the I'ni
'allfornla.
M 5 • n the first prire of |
in the Intel • nton for plans
the building of the I'ni
.t the
■
Frandseo. H-- v -■ n. • ek by
•
with the plans for the university build- 1
i will remain here for a
lew da>* bef i .lifornia.
DIVISION IN KNIGHTS
AND LADIES OF HONOR
Fourteen Chicago Lodges Secede Bo-
cause of Dissatisfaction Regard
ing Assessments.
CHICAGO. Nov. ly -About 2>*> Chicago
members of the Knights and Ladles of
Honor have seceded '■
because of dissatisfaction with the man
tit of the affairs of the Supreme
Fourteen lodges in Chicago have
awn and have set up a rival con
cent, which is si \meri
can Federation of Illinois. They ha
grand officers and to-night
forwarded to the State insurance d<
ment pape/s applying for a charter to
conduit busin* -
lodges say
they seeded because t! t th»
assessment.". which th»- tMipr
levied ea^h month upon the members,
were too high.
Storm in the North.
SEATTLE, Nov. 10.— A storm, whlen
lasted for three or four hours, at times
raging with violence, gave local shipping
a severe shaking up last night. The little
steamer Marguerite sank at her a >• k and
the big treasure ship Koanoke and the
Government geodetic survey boat Patter
eon dragged their anchors.
Great Damage by Fire.
TBHBBAN. " -A t-rrihle flre
broke out Wednesday night in Re^ht,
about fifteen miles southeast
on the Caspian Sea, and raged through
out T: It Is estimated tha'
erty of the value of £10u,W0 was de
stroyed.
Two New Bridges.
WOODLAND. Nov. 19.— At a conference
of the Supervisors of Yolo and Solano
counties it wa.- 1 construct two
bridges* across Putah Creek, one on a line
uth from .1 point two miles w
Woodland, and me. at the old s
site, north of the old town of Sllve". >
Those Duplicate Presents.
A young couple, who are now living in
the vicinity of Thiric-vnth s'.rvct and Co
lumbia avenue, recently returned from
their wedding tour. Th« young people
had a host of friends, and as they wtro
unusually popular, an immense list of
presents -were received. Duri:.(c nelr
absence a sister of the bride got the.
house ready for the return, and in order
to make as much an Impression as pos
sible, arranged the presents In con
spicuous positions. Last night the young
husband visited the club for the first
time since his return, and broke cut
violently: My agony Is unbounded.
When I go home all I can see ov»r me.
under me and on all sides of me are wed
ding presents of the most useless kind-
No few»>r than five electro-plate tea ser
vices glitter and glare and beam and
shine at me. The deadly white gleam of
the teapots and the coffeepots and th«
cream Jugs Is driving me mad. Three
ugly looking clocks wave brazen hands at
me. and fine vases of uncouth form an<!
hideous embellishment stand upon the»
mantel shelf and stare me out of face. I
have now seven copies of Tennyson, all
in gau.!y xed. white and blue binding:
while mv wife has twelve editions of
Mendelssohn's "Songs Without Words."
It seems that nearly all of our friend* lit
upon the s.ime thing. lam haunt* •with
the persistent glitter of silver and the
horror of yellow and gold."— Philadelphia
Record.:
IMPORTED MOSQUITOES.
London Has £xperienced Her First
Visitation of the Pest.
For •he first time probably since Eng
land was a savage land the country 1*
threatened with a mosquito plague. And
this, unfortunately. Is not for a year or
a summer, but forever; for. as travelers
and naturalists know, when once the
mosquito obtains a hold It requires ef
forts more than human to dislodge It
The most curious fact about the mos
quito Invasion is that London Is one of
the first places to be attacked. Any one*
who understands the temperament of the*
mosquito knows that a very successful
requisite to its existence is pure tlr.
Indeed, the sole preventive from at
tacks In foreign countries is a copious
supply of smoke. Yet. maybe, the mos
quito, in settling upon this particular
spot, has paid a compliment to the id
ministration, and has decided that
London is not such a terr; smoky
place to live in after all.
A more satisfactory explanation, how
ever. Is that the mosquito, which Is no
traveler, has merely taken up his
quarters where he landed, and is gradual
ly spreading abroad from that particular
spot. And that brings .- to the origin
in Englind of th<» pernicious pests. I
have been told severally that they, or
the germs, says a correspondent, cam*
with fruit from South Africa or South
America, with plants from the continent
and in timber from Canada. The. speci
mens I have seen in London exactly
resemble :n size and other features the
Canadian mosquito, and one might go
still further and suggest that mosquito
germs, and even the Insects themselves,
have existed in this country since
Canadian timber was first Imported, ami
>-et have n«-\er made their pretence ob
jectionable until now. when. In larger
numbers, they have become acclimatized
and spread abroad about their nefarious
work.— London Mail.
A DIAMOND IN HIS NIGHTSHIRT
How Plucky Pete McDonald Amused
Himself in a Seattle Hospital.
Pete McDonald, th- brother of Alex Mc-
Donald, the millionaire king of the Klon
dike, left the Seattle hospital a few week.**
ago. having been detained there nln«
weeks with a broken leg. Pete McDonald,
though not so well known as his brother.
Is rich, nevertheless, and when he vlilte.i
Portland last winter he spread hi* money
freely as befits a generous Klondlker.
At the hospital beside Pete's bed on a
stand was some |3O) In C gold pieces.
With these he amused himself, stacking
them up and building little heaps to while
away the time. For hours he would lie
there. lovingly fingering his gold pl-ces.
But the funniest feature of all wu the
fact that Pete Insisted on wearing a ISO
diamond In the bosom of his night «hirt.
The diamond wa.« as big a.« the end of
one's thumb, and Its glittering ray« seem
ed to comfort Pete as he toyed with if in
his hours of pain. Every night the mil
lionaire would fasten the diamond In the
bosom of his night shirt before going to
sleep.
The accident to McDonald which result
ed In th*» loss of hi* limb occurred last
April. Win he wan starting for th*
north he fell off the train a* It wm leav
ing the depot at Seattle. One leg «v
broken. The surgeons tried to save the
member, but it could not be done. Mc-
Donald impatiently took to hi* bed ami
the limb was amputated. He had scarce
ly recovered enough strength to travel.
and hi* amputated limb was In bad shape,
when he insisted on srettln* up and start-
Ing for the north to attend to busines*.
He Journeyed to Dawson and suffered
torture* that would have killed ordinary
men without his power* of endurance.
When he returned he had to go back to
the hospitnl. where he was treated over
two months before he wag in fit condi
tion to walk.— Portland (Or.) Telegram.
Electricity in the Kitchen.
When the cook in the saloon at Sixth
street and Lucas avenue touched tha
water pipe one day recently the cus
tomers before the bar heard a scream of
pain and fright. Then a splash as of the
falling of much water was heard, and
then there were more screams. Finally a.
rapid tattoo was beat on the floor, and
the cook, a woman, appeared, the per
spiration pouring down her face.
"I have been shocked." she said.
"Everything is full of it."
When the proprietor of the saloon.
George Herchler. walked back Into the
kitchen and started toward the faucet he
began to dance. A man who followed htm
gave a correct Imitation of how not to
approach the throne and came Jumptng
back. The floor was charged with elec
tricity. The pipe* were doubly charged.
The sink was full of the "power." When
this fact was fully established a message
was sent to the super vis 1 of the city
lighting. Andrew J. O'Reilly, who reached
the place about 3:30 o'clock and pro
ceeded to Investigate the trouble. When
he walked on the wet floor of the kitchen,
which had Just been scrubbed, he felt th*
shock. He touched the faucet with rub
ber-gloved" hands and put a tester upon
the two pipes, and found that a current of
over 50) volts was running through the
pipes, and in surprise asked If the roolr
had been burned by touching the pipe.
Fortunately she had barely touched the
Iron and so escaped. Otherwise she would
have been seriously burned.
Superintendent O'Reilly found that the
wires of the Laclede Power Company hud
been run through a pipe and the Insula
tion had worn out. He cut the wire run
ning into the cellar and the trouble was
ended. Fortunately neither of the wires
was grounded "and a serious accident was
averted.— St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
Good Effect:, of Singing
Am. . :
many, says that singing possesses health
gtving properti -
the reftpir •
ings the lungs capable of dealing with
more air. This increases and -
the action of ail the organs of the body.
appetite and thirst increase, and th«
m-r»- fr. 'iuent movements of the dU
m and th»» wall of th« abdomen ma
terially aid digestion
The »wo counties -if BrsrwStS* ir-1 Tre-
Tex.. having a >oint area of <nos
ml>s. have. It Is said, fewer than
r.abiUiaU.
78
SAX FUAXCISCO CALL.
BIMMIM OFFICE of the Pan Fraud*™
Cnll. corner of Market ar.d Third streets, open
tntil T2 o'clock every r.trrht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-f.27 Montgomery street,
rrrnrr Clay: cr>en until 9;31 p. m.
500 Have* street; open until »:31 p. m.
CSt XlcAUltter rtreet: open until 9:20 p. m.
C:5 Lavkin rtreet; open until >:30 p. m.
:?41 Mission rtr»'et; open until 10 p. m.
T2CI Market nreet, corner Sixteenth; open
entll 9 p. n.
Jt« Hlevrnih street: open until I p. ra.
JCK Valencia »treet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-necond and Ken-
ttttky *tre~ts: ojwn until I p. m.
M1.1.11M. NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Cotna:an<lery No. 16. IC T~
'J'.. OoMen Oute building, C2j Sutler 'hl-4
« -Staif-u assembly THIS EVENING ffj
■at > o'clock. The order of the Temple Hj4
v. 11l t>e conferred. All f item are XT
courteous'.y tnxited.
J. C CAMPBELL, Em. Cora.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
6AN J"rar.ci»<"o »*h;.pu-r No. 1. Royal m_\_
Arrh V.axrnx. meet* THIS KVKXIN'i. JC3T
Huu'.nt-s and M^ M. degree. f^F \
OCdDKNTAL I-odge No. 22. K. and A. a
21. -THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, ut -_r\»
'M o'clock. Tbinl Jouie*-. Maxter jLJ\
;.:.■-:► cor^la'ly iniite-!. Isy order of/Vi
tl.e VV. M.
WALTER O. ANDiCHSOX. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lo^ge No. IS6. V. and A. M.. a
::i Kddy st, will meet ••vr TUESDAY -/v.
fcl 1 p. m. to attc-iu |}m funeral of furTtJ^ 1
late brother. CHARLCfI J. DKI!LOW./V> ,
Vaster Masons are '.nv!te>l.
GEORGE PENUNCTON. - - star? 1
v7sJ:ON~Loclse No. Kit. F. and A. M— •
«"a::ed tn-etlng THIS (MONDAY) J^k
f EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 8-cond Af-yLjX ;
4,-re«. C. D. BUNKEK. Secretary. *xr > j
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 200. F. and m
A. M.. :«0!!» Fill.Tior* St.— FliTt degtee^k
THIS f&Ii.iNDAY) EVRNINtf. al T .So \X
o'clock. By onlvT of the S. W. / 1
HARRY HALHR. Secretary. _
ANNUAL Meeting- Regular inr.ual mertln;; of
the stockholders of the Pr-auhaA. Sugar H.nn
tatlon Company will be held at the of lice
o: the company. JV7 Market St., In the city
anfl ci.unty o: San Kranr!*co, on SATUIi-
I»AY. tnn 2d day of l««»L-eniber. IWJ. at the '
h'-ur o! 11 e'dock a. tn., for the purvose of j
electing h b'-ard cf directors to »erve lor the
eriM.l'-s jeur and the trai^actii.n of »u<-h |
other l*!*:ne»y a» ir.ay .-nnie t^f* re the ruert. 1
Ing:. Tr«i ?r>r h.vk* will cl.-se .111 Wedties-
<'.a>. N(\*-nil*r i-2, lf5S. at 3 o'clock ?. m.
E. 11. SHELDON. Secretary-.
Till: t"alir..rnia IWiris Commission having re-
ceived aj ■', lloatlor.s to snlne by the hydraulic >
process irnsi \V. 11. Seeomhe in the 1-an-
deckcr mine, rear Placervtlle. El Dorado
County, to dt-j-onit tailing* In a ravine trilrj-
tat-> t" Webber Creek: from J.»s. J. Hoffman •
un.l T. M. Browne, In The Parcon mine, at
Bath. Plao-r Count}-, to .j- ■;■ *:; tallln*;* In
Vi ;,-«no Canyon, and from <». W. Coates
and B. P Randnll. In the Pebble :•:!'. plarer
jnlne. near Smiths Flat, El I»orado County. |
to Je;v*<t tailtr.es In Little Chunk r»njvn, 1
iri\«s notli-r that a meeting will be h*ld r.t '
room ts. Flood building. San Francifco. Cal.,
<-rt lVcemtx-r «. IS9S. at 1:SO p. m.
ANNUAL meetlnp— Regular annual meeting of -
the rtof kho-iJer* of the Honolulu Eucar Com- I
|iar.y, w'.;: »>• held at the office of the coca- |
jar.y. No. T:: Market «t.. San Francisco. <**!..
rr. MON'IHV. Th- 20th day of November, i
JW, at the hcur oT 11 o'clork a. m.. fcr th«
jnirpise r.f eleiiir.c a board cf dtrertors U
»rrve frr the en^uin; year, and th» transac-
tion cf fu< Si r.ther bunness ns may enme
befrre tb* inef-.lng. Transfer books will cioe*
rti TlWsfls). November 14 Iff?*, nt S o'clock
li. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL tn-e-'.nr— Reßular annual meetlnj of
the MooVh"Mer« of the Horolulu Plrntatlon
• Vrr.jiany s'M be held at the office or the
company. No. 527 Market St.. Pan Francisco.
Ca' . <-n MONDAY, the TCth day of ' ■ •. em - 1
■ ber. IKS 9. at the hcur of 11 a. m.. for the
j'vri'Ote of electing a board of directors to I
»erv«- for the mratni year, ■nd the transac-
tion cf f_ ': other bm!nc«<i as may come
liefcre the meeting. Transfer books will clone
«.r Tuesday. November 14. ISM at 3 o'clock
TV rr. r. 11. SHT'HV>N. Secr»t a rr .
A TTO It MS YM AT LAW.
AI»VICE free: It. \V. KING, sixth floor. Chron-
icle building; no n !*»;. •■ charges; all case*;
estate*. mortpaceii, ilamage*. collection*.
Imr.kruptcy. »ills. etc.. drawn: moderate
fee»; call or write.
ADVICE free; t '.!vorr» law a spedaJty: private;
no fee withrut *uccenn; collections. G. \V. i
HOWg, utty at law. CO MarVrt. cor. Ftocktn.
NOAH F. Fl>X>n. S.i Market M . opp. Mason";
cor.fultath^n free; moderate fees.
L. B. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels bulMing. 527
Market: consultation fr»e; no fees In advance.
AI'VICE fr<-*; no rharjre unless successful. W.
V>'. I'AVIPStiN. V 27 Market «t.. opp. Ma*.>n.
PU'YCI.E REPAIRS'
TOO& H R \>"nNlCY7~Market^ and Tenth.
RAMBLHR ANI> IDEAL RIiTCLES.
RCPAmiXO A SI'F.CIALTY.
HO .till AM> K'MiV. >.
CDDT. ira-T'r.lteJ Stales Hotel; roornsTYl JO
»-'k iis>. srtth !>..aril DH; >ulte for two with
I'uaid, 112: board. 14 week; meals, Zjc; ele-
vator runs all night.
N7CIV family hotel; flrrt -class In all appoint-
ments; eKC'r.tnt table. M 7 «*"alifornla -• . oc-
rcrying oomrr opposjte <Jrace I'hurch.
rttBLORAVIA HOTEU" Polk snd nay— Sun-
ny suitft.: be^t b<^ar<i: for i. $45 up; singe, |i"j. |
I^KP PALMAR. U2« Market-Suite of 2 rr 3
nr.*.: private; bath: *ln. rms.; board optional.
O'FAKJiKLL. 742-Large runny front rooms;
good home rooklr.E; also vlncle rooms; J2O up.
SPECIAL offer to teachers; new and select. tO7
CaMfomla rt.
IlOAIlDIXt; 1 "it CIIILDRBX.
V.i>i\V. h*a a nice home, wants a email child
to bosrd; ffood home; bert care. 3f.» Fell n.
WANTED S ». .ardTT or~3~Vhll<lre~n! Call or
t.J.!T.-»s Vl's-. J. n. p. ;q Mlnr.a et.
nt.oKs — \. v. mi old.
FCHOOL HOOKS bnucht and exchanged
11. :n«« H-k X «*o. T'4 MisM'on H.. nt-xr Third.
ikO4»T* AN«« MI 4 IK?*.
IiAROAINK In shoes'.'. Send^or"pricT listT
special— Do}V hravy lace «hoe«. U to 2...7i0
:-;«•. lai- Men's regular |2 nhr^s. all ntylrs tl ;;
Pe. plc'n Shoe Store. 13C3 Stockton, nr.' Brdwy.
L"<'iiTS end sh^s made to order from lst-class
material. V, to t>; repairing cheap, v. pxL-
NIN'MN. 441 Ru>h St.. formerly with McNulty.
I*l vim tIIANCKS.
A— *SriO; COFI'nE ealc>on and n>Ktaurant; close-
to California and lottery «s.; rent $4'i; i
years' leas*; a gut»d-i*ylng place; be>t class
<f custom; very rare cban-.-e; eickne** , jn |jr
cause of sale. R. G. WILKE. S0« Market n.
A fCW SALOON; doing a eplendid buslcean;
neat arid clean; on w>«tei front, opposite Mls-
rii^-.-tt. wharf, fall It. OIN ILK K. :>•<« Market.
>-|7i»; CANDY factory 1 *-:»«i ice cream parlors
<n Va'.eucis. «.; eFtabll^bed years and doing
a r ■: laying busiuecs; rent Ji.'.. a splendid
turrets offer. Call R. O. Wilkc. r-.-i Market.
$4000— ol.l) fvtabllthed br.kery and coffee i*r-
iur»; :ti ch'i:ret,t j-^catlon: doing a splendl.l
l'Jitr«i<»: iarge outcvle trade; fullest lnve*.
location scClclted. Call It. O. WILKE. M
Market *t. :
lUOft-FAUXIN. near .'•«'■..-• Ma»on sts~;
lj.rve place; fine fixturek aad well s'.ockM;
p'.fitf entrance at.d clubrooras. 11. G. WILICE.
M« Mark. rt.
A — IS*'.': HOME bal:erj- and rertauraat on Ellis
rt. . chrny r«-M; rr>ndld!y l*ylng. CaJl R.
_O. TtILKE. X» Market «L
A— |6'K>— B«JARtJINO-Hoi:SK mlth II finely fur-
r.irh'-d roomr; rent 12.'.; ■ -st cia^s paying;
widow i» compelled to •-- rlflct Particular*
It. G. V.'ILKn. 9C* Market st.
A tffltt BALOON tn wholesale district: .»tab:
year* and doing a rood paying business; no
nlpht or Sunday w<rk: rent I'm. Call it. O.
\VILKE. v <" Mnrkt *t.
!' lI.AN'II bakery and rtatlonery; Western
.*<!■.: t. '■!!. •:••»•• tu «choolhi>ui>*; furniture ol
llriiig ruoms ::.r'u<l<-1 . ric-Vncss nf owner cause :
• f tale; bargain. R. G. WILKE. :«>€ Market.
UO»— CORNER saloon In wholesale duiricT-
r.rst-rls>s trade. ALFA CO.. SCi Market st.
FRUIT, crap, and nut ranch which cleared
%IZO3 this year t<> **11 or exchange for loUg.
lr4r-hous,e or bu«lne».». ALFA «'<*>.. 9JS Markt, '
£n»- PAYING mttautmm: gcx>d location; owner'
■ un»*Jl; InvmtlKaie. ALKA CO.. :<J.", Xlartiet.
11500 TO Invert in *alr*>n well incated ana pay-
. tng. ALFA CO . >U V.arket tx.
!:•>'; i.'L In irnod loi-atlon for saJe. lease or ex-
<-».ange. ALFA CO.. Mi Market st.
iriv- BEST money-ni*liJng nal»on en water
front; rent lIS. ALFA CO.. *JS MsrUet e t.
icrft-BHST-PAYINO «lsy and night ssloonln
tl* city. ALFA CO.. S2i Market »l.
tTSA ' PMALL restaurant: go«id location- pait-
r.e-rs d!ta»rree; go»l tilde. ALFA CO.. '-23 i:kt.
I' ■ WILL buy partnership In paying bus.ineex;
errrythlaa; in n^i.t. ALFA CO.. YZ!> Market.
I.' .'■ rj'.riT. cl»ar, stationery and candy store;
ddly rrcvlptv S2O to 130: barpaln. McLAUGH-
LIN A CO.. T77tt Ma^et ut.
UtA-nLHOANT Mjoon tx\ Fourth St.; private
room*: must sell on or before Nov. M. WIN-
FTON &• <X>.. 1026 Market »t
fOMETIUNG new and easy for patent-right
u.iT.. 1? New Muctsoinery it., outside.
J fU'SI\KSS CHAXCES— Continued.
IjnO— RESTAURANT ; best part city, where
thousands are continually employed; 6 rooms.
In. fur.; best offer this line. M. Less. 765 Mkt.
U^O— PARTNER wanted In neatest and best-
]A\in>: restaurant of Its site north of Mar-
ket; sober, steady man only. Leys. ■■• Market.
11000— CORNER grocery and bar; best part
Western Addition; larre stock; good fixtures;
ex-count old age: bargain. M I- ■««■. '+> M*t.
jwv— RESTAURANT at railroad depot: 9 fur-
I: :,| . nyw.i; low rent; old-established busi-
ness; well paying; '*"-' : fitted up; worth
double; full lnvotii,-atlon. M. Lees .6S Markt.
8175-REKTAURANT and bar: good location:
Wing place; r»r.t only $10; good for man and
»tfe cr ;*vo partner*. M. LE3S. 763 Market.
A RARE CHANOK. .
Jnhasntitberi; , rli cs. the famous Summer Re-
non and vineyard*. Napa County; all fur-
r.:*hed and equipped for business: has full
houre every feosor. and pays owner over 20 p«r
cer.t on Investment; must be sold at terms
to suit, cr rented at once on account of Im-
mediate departure of owner to Europe.
For phr>topraphs and particulars Inquire of
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market •'
jTnvThaLF lnterent In an A N* 1 saloon, clear -
ing US 10 each per month; s:cknet»; fine IOCa-
I tun. HEALY. Jl7 Marketjt.
] $•!(-— pEUi-ACY store: living rooms: cause of
fce;ilr.g. death. •..!> STERNBKRG, 2«s
Keertiy »t.
BARBER shop f.»r «a>; ?nap for right man.
Inquire at 131 Third st.. barber chop.
BARI'.ER shop for sale; owner having two
shops. Inquire at 3114 Flllmore. at.
WANTED— lnterview with party having 8800 to
lnvevt In an enterprise that will clear from
$1000 to $2000 monthly; no scheme or fake, but
a genuine bustneaa proposition: particulars
vnly by personal interview; principals having
tie actual cash enly dealt with. Address box
•64 Call.
CORKER crocery. fruits, wines and liquor*,
with borse and »aeon, at Invoice; 3 living
rncms and .-• For particulars and r<«M».'n
for selling c«JI on place. NE. corner Nine-
teenth -xi Diamond sts.
L'KLICACT store for sale •- account of sick-
ness. very cheap and a paying Investment;
will pay to Investigate. MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market St.. near Call building.
PACIFIC COAST RIGHTS!
Will sell right* to one of the best selling
E«Mrn specialties Just out. Address for ap-
pointment box 8C?. < "all office.
EXPKHT letter writing; letters computed, type.
or pen written: 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. (Sundays
Included). C O'Farrell St.. room 17.
FIRKT-CLASS gi-oc-ry and bar at Invoice; two-
tlilrOs carh: balmo- on time. Box 302. tall
FIFTH, I— Dining room and ',;:tchen as a res-
taurar.t business; board taken for rent.
VARIETY store and coffee parlor, with 4 liv-
ing room*: cheap. 2474 Mission st.
CANDY More; half value; cause departure; no
agerts. 131 Fifth H.
SAI-OON fiir sale; best bargain In town If sold
at once. 431 Bu*!i «t.
FOR »ale— Good fruit stand: 8 living rooms;
cht-ap. Airly ISO |htl st.
HALF interest 1n cu'rlo store; small cepttal re-
quired. Box SfS. Call.
FIRPT-CI.AFS bakery to let. 712 Valencia at.
INVENTOR of several new and useful novel-
tie* wishes manufacturing partner or will
Veil; principals only. Ml Eighth nY
SW-HOMB bakery for tie: portable oven;
guaranteed profit* $25 per week. Box 2*3. Call.
FIRST-CLASS French liquor Eture; e«tabl!*h«d
25 years s«o; horse, wagon, cellar, etc. 1401
Powell st.
PRIVATE house; IS rooms: 20 retular .r-let-;
north of Market. B>s 247. Call office.
COFFER sn.i tea roctes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWBLL & CO/S. 412 Sacrameato st.
A BRANCH Office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky st*. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions ha* been established at ".-"'.•> Va-
lend*, st.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOSS.
"
FINE Up burr.y. almost new; business buggy,
r.en: business ».^> :;>. new, suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. SIS Harrison st.
ALL kltv'.s of uagon*. buggies, cart*, harness, !
rtc. c}irai>. EOAN A SON. 2117 Mission tl.
lOfi SETS second-hand harness; wagons, cart*.
hUKg'.e*. surreys anil horses. 1140 Folsom rt.
CAKPET H BATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
»*.nd to SPACLDIN Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 313-3:7 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
BTEVENS, m| SS-4P Sth st. : tel. South 2'J>.
J. McQUEEN'K California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4C3 Stevenson St.: tel Koutb 225; lowest rate*.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main S*4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c t«r yard; laid at 3c.
PTRATTOVS. 3 Elshth »t. : tel. Jessie M 4.
JTk. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 249 14th
rt.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating ik«. 3.'.3 Golden
• •ate aye.; tel. Knst 12C.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
CTTCA cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Comi*.un4 P.'itite; a household Messing: a i-ure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. (>ffW nnJ factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
tlie well-known trance medium, may be con-
ru'ted en all affairs of life. While entrancej
the reveats every hidden mystery: »he will
»!iow you liow t.i overcome your enemies; re-
move "family trouble*; restore lost affection*:
unite the separated; recovers lost or htol-n
property; Irxates minerals: tells your entire
life, while in a i»erf<-f-t trance; satisfaction |
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
2K Turk »t.. near Jonei Home fun. and eve*.
MME. LEBCB. the only true destiny reader,
l.nngs fcej.arated lover* together, brines hap-
pinet.l to married couples, gives .idvice con-
cerning business matter*. atee stole) prop-
erty: ladies. 2T.c: gentlemen. f.Oc. 310 Turk st. ;
HF.MOVED-MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Mar-
ket st. cor. Turk: medium, life reader, med-
ical clairvoyant: sitting* dal'.y: diagnosis free;
'-.•>ow niethud" treatment for chronic, private,
obscure dlrenM»s.
MMl*. MELP.fiUP.NE. prophetic reader of dcs- j
tltiy. will be here, fcr 10 dfc>>: now tn the time
to Know your future; 2jc and Me; hours 1:30
to I p. m.. 7-10 p. m. «;?', Eddy st.
MMX A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fcrtune teller; be»t advice in difficult mat-
ters k Hayes st., room 7. second floor.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley; read your life; cradle
tograve. tOc. $1. SlTurk. cor. Taylor, parlra 2S.CS.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader:
past, pre-sent. future.. 2Sc. 14S Sixth St.. r. 12.
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night. I ;■ sharp;
sittings dally. ISO* Stockton, near Greenwich.
MMX. RAVENNA reads life Silently; business
ad rice; names given; Jt-c up. S Fourth *t.
MME MOnEAU. the best medium and card
reader. tU up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
DR. EDWARD FISCHER, professional hypno.
tlst; diseases cured without medicine. 142 6th.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slatewrlter.
533 Ellis St.; circle Run. and Wed. evening*.
YOUR future told by carie.. 25c. 102H Sixth st
10 a. m. to S p. m
KMK. SYFILI-E— Oradle to grave; future hus-
band picture. He: ladles. 814 O'Farrell st.
V.Mr. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
pslmletry. 2.V-; truth or no pay. 114» MUM. .11.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sitting* dally. ?12'-, Sixth st.
CLINIC.
CALIFORNIA Medical Collfte. 1422 FoNom;
free :t).-;|-»l »rd *urg. treatment I to 12 m."
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KKLLT'B Agency; no charge un-
le«« »UTei.»fMl. Room 310. >27 Market at.
COTTAGES ro LET.
SUNNY cottage cf 4 rooms and bath; large
Ifc-twmerit; «r!th cr without barn.- 9tt «'app rt.
M— NICE cottage; 4 rooms, yard; respectable to-
cation 1705 Turk st.. near Fcott.
COTTAGES WAXTED.
WANTED— PIain furnished house; 3 or 4 room*,
»>a*ement. barn, cheap, for man and wife by
November 27. Addrers H. d.. P.. 2212 Mlw«lon.
UEXTISTS.
AT th* KLECTRO-DENTALCLINIC. SO Mar-
u«t »t.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done palnle.saly; teeth
without plates our npecUlty; K old crowns,
13 ..0 op; plate». extractions free. (4 M up; of-
r.ce hour*., 'j a. m. to lv p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
P. m. Q. • WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
VAN VROOM— I'ulnl-ks extraction by elertrlcl-
ty; ant^e 10 years; lowctl prices; 10 op-
eraturs; riu >tudent». ' ' : Market st.
D ?i 1.1 1u M HILL. 1441 Market at-.'iiav
Eleventh. crown*, brld|;e work and fillings a
tpeclalty: all work reasonable,; goa given.
1 pJate - i,n. a. °-
THE SAN FR Ay CISCO CALL,, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1899.
DEXTISTS.
A— DR. T.^fC HIGGI NS' dental parlor*. 927 i
Market it., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed Without pain by the ÜBe of electricity, gas
or chloroform: also by local an&esthetlcs ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
; denta! work at reasonable prices; pure golo
: fllllnfrs frcm $1 up; other fillings from DOc; j
I badly decayed teeth carefully treated and |
! filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
j from $4 SO up; flesh colored plates from $3 60
! up; teeth without plates a specialty; open 1
evening* and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry—
Bynol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain, *cc our flesh-colored plates: thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 2*
years; crown and bridge work; t^<th with-
out a plate; mines. We; crowns. $3 £0; plates, \
full set. {' . all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tract* and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder- |
ful secret method; crowns $2; bridges. $4.
rubber or flexible plate*. J3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed IS years.
MEYER— P-uiachai Zshnarst. « Turk;, lst-oiass J
work; prices reas.. gat. crown A bridge work.
OHIO Dental Parlor*. Inc.; 8 graduate opera- j
tors; open evenings and Sundays. »50 Market. I
; PARIS Dental Parlors; 235 Kearny. cor. Bush;
full set Of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings. 250.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. T. Dentists. SHJ7 Mission, cor. <th.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
STYLISH suits made; only $4; high grade work
1 and perfect fit. 220 Eddy st.
S. K. Dressmaking, -.ides" Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 306 Van Ness.
SKIRTS made from $1 up; suits reasonable.
j 273 Minna st . upstairs.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing. pinking. 121 Pest. over O'Connor * Mnftatt.
1 111 CATION
HEAL Business College. 24 Poet st.. S. F.;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand.
typing, languages. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT Is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de-
sires mope pupils; lessons personally and by
mall. 302 Montgomery ft. ■
AYRES' thislnaaa College. 723 Market st.. con-
ducted personally by Mr and Mm. Ayres;
life' scholarship $50, Includes all branches.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got position*. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
I ENGINEERING school. civil, electrical, mining, j
raevli.. survey. aa*~y. archl.: day and even.;
est. 1*64. VAN PER NAILLEN. Ml Market.
INSTRUCTION clven In pts.no and elnclnir,
special attention to beginner*. 1133 Geary st.
LAV. schools, i>27 Market. S. F., and 90S Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
PROF. MERKrS mandolin club resumes Nov.
2; new member* welcome; ref MM Mission.
j "EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busl-
i net* College. 3U& Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar.writlni;:
day and nlrht: terms low 1024 Mission. nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPH Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutler, tel Black 1321.
FIELD Employment Agency— Help furnished I
free. C 55 Clay St.: phone Davis S2l.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main I»S6.
CHINESE and in.-<.» Employment Office;
best help. 414>4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
I JAPANESE CHINESE Emp.Ageney; all kinds |
help GEO. OAK I. s> Geary st..: t.-i Grant St".
j EMPLOYMENT WAXTED FEMALE. I
YOUNG rlrl wishes p!nce to assist. $10 to $16.
MRS. NORTON. 213 Sitter St.
NORWEGIAN woman; go->d cook and house- I
worker; $15 to $20; city or country. MRS.
NORTON. ."IS Sutler si
FIRST-CLASS r.urseglrl and care Invalid; b-st j
references; ant-clan seamstress. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter Ft.
FIRST -CLASS German cook desires a situa- '
tion; ols-o first-class Swedish cook: best refer-
ence*; city or country. Miss n. CULLINAN,
! 323 Sutter St.; phone Main 601.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and waitress de- 1
sires situation: hotel or boarding house; best
city rcf. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Butter st.
REFINED nur*e£lrl desires situation; $12 to
$X; ' -ft of references; city or country. MIES
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Ddreas desire* situation; best
of local ref*. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
C. R. HANSEN A CO 104 GEARY ST.
3 Swedish girls, first-clans references, one as
*<K-on<i girl, want places in American families,
$25: first-class cook wants lace, $25 to $30. c. 1
R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary 6t.
WANTED— Situation as working housekeeper
by a married woman, speaking English and :
German, with a child 1 year old. Call at MM
Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED Prote*tant woman; flrst-clo*s
cook: willing to assist with housework. 770
Harrison st.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as good
cook; will do housework; willing and obliging.
Cl Langton st.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation as cvjok; wages
$::■, $30. Call t> Pine St., near Jones.
COMPETENT woman wlshe* situation to do
general housework and cooking. 71 -'j Mont-
gjmery aye.. near Lombard.
SCANDINAVIAN woman deal position to do
housework or second work. Address box .'.".".
Call.
WOMAN wish** any kind of work by the !
day. 17 Madison aye.; iipf-:airs. rear.
GOOD strong woman wants laundry work In
hotel or b-jarding-house or as kitchen helper.
S4>'- Minna st.
I COMPETENT German woman wishes a posi-
tion sl* working housekeeper; Is a good cook.
MRS. M. GUT. (07 Frederick st . r.r. Stan/an.
REKINBI) young lady with some experience '
wishes a position In store; speaks German.
Box CIS. Call office.
' WANTED, by an American lady, a position as
housekeeper. Addre** box 742. Call, Oakland.
DRESSMAKING, tailoring, altering; perfect
fit; terms reasonable; or will go In families
CM Ge^ry st.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation to do!
housework in an American family; wages
HI; references. Box 374, Call office.
POSITION wanted by 2 first-class waitresses,
one as dinner waitress: the other as lunch
and dinner waitress. Addr*ss 513 Stevenson. ,
A YOUNG English lad] (trained nurse) will
give service* two or three hours dally In re-
turn for room and board In city; can teach.
Address Y. W. C. A.. 1221 O'Farrell st.
WOMAN will take washing or sewing home or
work by day. 2245 Mission st.
WINCHESTER H-.use. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket. lOC rocm*; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 M to $«
week, convenient and respectable; free bus
ar.d bar.gage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ana i
rubscrtptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky *ts. Open till Bp. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and :
fUbecriFtlons has been established at 109« Va-
lencla st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED 31 ALE.
TANNERS— Sober young man desire* work
with tanning compmy; city or country; un-
derstands work from soaks to grading leather; '
references. Box 249!. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by first-class designer,
cutter and fitter on ladles' garments; best
references. Box IMS, Call office.
WANTED— By a typewriter, work to do at
Lome Bos 130?. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a practical single man
as superintendent or foreman; thoroughly
understand vineyard, orchard and winemak-
Ing In all Its branches; competent to handle
large crew of men: best of references. Box ',
359. Call office.
RELIABLE young man wants situation: Is
hand) with tools; able to take care of horsej
and cattle: al*o a* assistant gardener or
farm hand; reference can be obtained In-
quire F. M.. 621 California st.
YOUNG man wishes clerical work of any kind
for evening*: contracts taken for figuring or :
reflgurlng of inventories; all transactions
strtctl] confidential. Address W. A. L.. 730
OFarrell st.
GARDENER and florist desires situation: gen-
tleman's place or nursery; competent in every
branch; town or country; tan furnish first-
class references as regards character and i
fidelity. Box 243. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman
desire* position as porter In wholesale, house
>r Store; understands the care of horses and
Is handy with tools. Box 2570. Call.
STEADY man want* work; Is partly employed-
chores about house; generally useful; handy
wlth tools; references; ioc per hour and
board. Address box 342. Call office.
COACHMAN— Competent man. thoroughly un-
derstands his business In all branches; no ob-
jection to eroas bay. as to qualification and
references address C. 8., 1022 Jackson st.
COMPETENT male nurse desires employment
to attend Invalid gentleman: references
given; terms moderate. Address box :07, Call.
FMPLOYMK.Vr WANTED
ELDERLY man. strictly temperate., wants
work; good at gardening: can milk, tend
horse; will make himself generally useful;
_ small wages. Box 4«. all office.
SITUATION wanted by single man on ranch; (
understands plain cooking, milking, making I
butter and other central farm work. Ad-
dre»> box 872. Call urnce.
RELIABLE man wants position aa collector,
deliver, etc.; can furnish own horse and
b . l i*£ r  nec '-»- r bonds If required. Box
856. Call office.
EXPERIENCED baker; good on bread and
plain cakes; wishes position as. foreman;
city or country. Box 868. Call office.
COMPETENT young man wishes position as
valet or nurse to elderly gentleman, refer-
ences. Box 230. Call office.
POSITION by reliable man as foreman of grain
ranch or vineyard; wages reasonable. Box
304. Call office.
STRONG, active young man wants situation In |
wholesale house as helper or porter. Box 2493,
•.all office.
JAPANESE good cook wants place to do gen-
era! housework In family; wages $5 up a
w.ek. Pox 838. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED young man wishes position
aa butler; good reference*. Box 334. Call.
Al PLUMBER wants situation In city or coun-
to-. Box 231. Call office.
BOO K B I D It. all-around hand wishes em- j
ployment. H. XELHOF. Sl7 Minna st.
O £ O .l ) .». co ? <Oerman) wants position. OUS
VENNER. 317 Minna st.
BARBER-Mlddle-aged. strictly first class.
wishes position. Address til Eighth St.. city.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions I
received at Call branch office, 2?00 Flllmore st. |
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and |
subscriptions has been established at the 1
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky *ts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109* Va-
l»ncla st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
°!_i R . G E H*TERLE, German expert optician.
10714 Market tt.. Sun Francisco: exam, free
EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange— Choice residence In
Alameda; large grounds; good location; for I
San Francisco property. MONROE A CO..'
II Montgomery st.
$3500— FINE new house; 7 rooms and bath: 1
modern lot: 58xt50: 10 minutes' walk to local;
want a small ranch In bnv counties. WM. P.
TODD. 1070. Broadway. Oakland.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. EPSON. i?>9 nrondway. Oakland.
FLATS TO LET.
ASHTON ft GARDINER, 411 MONTGOMERY.
$IS— 1 Hollls; "> rooms and bath.
?2f>— 1721 McAllister; 7 rooms and bath.
'. 1 T- — «69 •:-•!.. 4 rooms.
A '-ROOM flat near Third and Howard sts.;
rent $9 50. Apply 15 Grant iv«
AN elegant sunny middle corner flat: modem
Improvemts. 1000 Webster, cor. Golden Gate.
CLAYTON. m, tooth of Frederick— Modern
runny flat: 5 rooms and bath; reasonable.
ELEOANT fiat; 6 rooms and bath; all latest
Improvements. 71* Grove «t.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st
FLAT of 3 large rooms. 29 Ringold st bet.
Eighth and Ninth. Folsom and Harrison; $S.
LOWER flat: 4 large rooms, bath: large yard;
cellar: rent $14. tgtVj Greenwich st.
MISSION. 1311. near Eleventh -Upper flat of
8 r.. ma and bath; rent $18.
MODERN furnished flat of six rooms. IMS
Stelner St.
& E. CORNER Page and Lynn sts.; modern
fiat; 8 romos and bath; rent $32 M.
BUNNY new «tyle flat. 7 room* and bath; mid-
dle flat. 736 Fourteenth -*
SUNNY bay-wlndcw flats. 7 room* and 2 kitch-
ens each; flr*t and second floors. 417V4 Third.
BUNNY flat*: 3 and 4 rooms; bath. >MM How-
ard st.. near Twelfth.
$11— UPPER bay-window flat of 4 rooms; all car-
peted, fine range; hot water: bnth; yard;
water free; on car line. Box 339. Ca'U office.
$:.' NEW upper flat. <i rooms and bath. ICO2
Turk st.. corner Pleree
$27 50— NEW upper. I rooms, bath and laundry: |
4". Belvedere, near Frederick: grand view of I
Park. NICOL. 410 Kearny st.
II KM II HP. FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard: SOxCO Inch rugs,
11. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Bread way; open evening.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak f or 54- 50. with No
7 ranee. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
II HMTIIIK WAITED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. T7S MkTslon~7tT~pays
the highest price for your hand furniture.
WANTED— carpet*, furniture, etc. : hirnent
prlre iml.l prnal. M. Sllv.>;yteln. 1121 Market.
*'l ltillKU*, i"ui;.s. i;ic
ELECTRIC real cape". As'rakan yoke*. $10 to
130 ROBT. WALLACE lIS Kearny. ton lloor. :
HELP WAKTBD — AGENTS.
AGENTS— lndies and gents everywhere mnke '
money hy ceiling the only correct map of bat- 1
tWieMs in Hie Philippines; ju»t the thing for ;
Xmas present. f'aJl or address P. E. LAMAR,
21 First bt., Hr»n Francisco, Cal.
SALESMEN wanted to sell the retail drug
trade. P. C. M. A.. 76 Flood bldg.. after 4
o'clock.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
COOK and second girl. same place, $25 and $20.
MISS CULLEN. 32.1 Butter st,
FIRST-CLASS German or Swedish laundress.
i3O. MISS CULLEN. 32.-. Butter st.
NURSE for 2 children, $25. country; 2 nurses.
Institution, sa each, city. MISS CULLEN,
225 Sutter st.
GERMAN or Swis* cook, country hotel. $40;
COOk for Institution across the bay, $30: cook
for mining town, $?'. ti> MB; 4 restaurant
cooks. $30 to {35; 2 cooks, private family, $30
each: housework, Stockton. $30: San Jose
$25; San Mai ?2. r .; Mealo, $?.'■: 10 housework
e'.rls. »25 and $20; 12 young girls to assist.
$10. $12 and $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
MISS STELLA IIAILIN please call or send
your address Immediately. C. R. IIANSKN
_. CO.. 104 Geary s.t.
C. R. HANSEN A CO 7. 104 Geary st.
$ waitress**, commercial hotels, $20 and
fare; 2 chambermaids. first-class hotel. $- :
2 chambermaids, to wait. $20; Ironer. $26, free
fare: laundress, hotel. $r0: 4 waitresses, res-
taurants. $7, V week; lunch waitress., $30.
FAMILY ORDERS.
German cook. ISO; 10 Swedish girls, housework
und cocking. $25: to girls, houaework, «20, $25,
t C. It. lIANBEN A CO.. 104 Geary st
1 GIRLS ns mangle.rs; hotel laundry: $15 and
beard. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104' Geary st.
TWO cook*. $.10 and $25; 2 second girls. $26 and I
$20: 25 hou«egirls. $25 and $20; cook. Santa
Clara. $30: waitress. $20: houseglrl. San Ra-
fael. $20; Oakland. $25. MRS. NORTON. 313
Butter st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl, housework. $20. 2 I
in family: boarding house cook, $25. MISS
H. CULLINAN. 823 Sutter st.
WOMAN cook for dairy ranch: $25; fare paid.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 6.16 Clay st.
WANTED— German girl for cooking and house-
work; $25. 2S Columbia square. bet. Folsom
and Harrison. Sixth and Seventh.
YOUNG girl to assist In general housework'
116 Colllngwood st., bet. Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth.
GIRL or woman for light housework and plain
cooking: 3 In family. Apply between 10 and
11. 1543 Post rt.
AN apprentice nt dressmaking. Apply at 481 \
O'FBrrell «t.
TAILOREBB on custom coats; good wages.
SIMONS, 140 Rusa st.
GERMAN girl; general housework. Apply 9
to 12 a. m.. 414 Van Ne*s aye.
GOOD strong girl for housework and cooking;
references required; wages $15. 112 Hyde fL
GERMAN girl to assist In housework and take
care of child. 7. 5 Eddy st.
WANTED for general housework. Apply
2?04 California st.
WANTED for second work and waiting.
I*o7 Hyde Bt.
GIRL for general housework: must be good
cook. Apply 2G04 California st.
GIRL for housework, cooklns; must be good
bread maker. S4O Page st., cor. Buchanan.
WOMAN: light housework; 2 In family. 70»
Davis st. near Broadway.
WANTED— An apprentice, for dressmaking;
paid while learning. 625 Men Gate aye.
NEAT room Km to do light housework right
away. 224 m Sutter st.
GIRL for housework: must sleep home; $10. £75
O'Farrell st. after 1:30.
WRITERS on short story magazine. "The Ra-
ven ; 137 50 Id prizes. CHAS. McARTIIUR,
Oakland.
EMPLOY! EXT WANTED FEMALE.
NURSE girl, from IS to 30 years, care of IS-
months-old baby; with references: $15; apply
to-day. 233 Third aye.. between Clement and
South California sts.; take Sutter or Geary-
st. cars.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking.
Apply 110 De Long aye., between Masonic avt».
and A»hbury st . near Frederick st.
YOUNG girl or elderly lady In small family;
wages $12. Call 1701 Mason at.
OPERATOR on vests; plenty work. Call Mon-
day at 8 Eddy it., room SI. St. Ann's building.
GIRL for general housework. 1230 Treat are.:
Folßom-st. cars.
LADIES" cloak*, suit*. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
LADIES. If yon want to make $3 to $5 per day
call at 39 Turk st.. cor Taylor, parlors 25-21.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till • p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 109* Va-
!■•-■ ■ .* st.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
WANTED—Coachman and wife. $50; man and
wife, private family. $'.0. gardener and wife..
$45; married farmer, no objection to children: i
Mableman. $30 and found; assistant gardener.
$25 and found: meat cutter and sausage |
maker, $C 0; 3 quartz miners, $2 60 per day; I
choreman for ranch. $20 and found: stable- (
man and stage driver, $15 to $25; and many
others. J. F. CROSDTT A CO.. «28 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Baker for Institution, $J0 and
found, lunch counter man, nice place. $15 to .
$40: oysterman, good place; restaurant and '
h.tel waiters, dishwashers and ethers. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. M Sacramento st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN BStt
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M.. MONDAY
6 single-handed miners, large gold mine. ...$75
bricklayers, furnace work $5 day
stableman, country $30 and found
harness-maker blacksmiths
4 plow teamsters, same ranch. Monterey Co..
*26: dairy man. San Mate.. Co., $30 and found:
25 farm hands and teamsters. 126 and $30;
farmer and wife, vineyard. Napa Co.; wood-
choppers, stove wood. Napa Co
hcHtler. city stables. $35 and found
toy to drive butcher wagon $15 and found
boy* i.i learn trades $3 to $5 week
choremea caoreboys
laborers, pick and shovel work. $1 75 day.
MURRAY 4- READY, 634 and C 36 Clay st.
\\ J SHIP MONDAY and pay your fare; 85 la-
bcrrers for different Mill and Lumber Cos., no
experience required $26 to $49 and found
crosscut sawyers $30 and found
barken $30 and found
tletuakers. etc.. and fare paid.
MURRAY & READY. e3t and C3S Clay st.
HOTEL BAKERY AND LAUNDRY HELP
15 cooks, cltv and country. .s4o and $00 and fd
third baker, country shop $30 and found
bakers' helpers $16 and $rfl
hotel and restaurant waiters $25 and $20
shirt polisher, country laundry, 340.
MURRAY A READY. 6J4 and 63« Clay st.
WANTED \
Foreman for logging camp, see party here; 2J
men for lumber yard, railroad and woods for
large company, $20 to $35 and board and fare
raid
Butter-maker and milker for small dairy. $25;
driver for milk rout.- In city; plain waiter for
Institution near city. $15, with board, room
and washing; farmers, milker*, cook, waiters,
dishwashers and others. W. D. EWER A
CO.. 610 Clay st.
HEAD and second cook: country hotel; $'0 and
$;C and fare advanced. C. It. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
BARBERS wanted; first-class men only, at the
Barbers' me, barbers and bosses will be
furnished free of charge with first-class help;
office hours from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; In con-
nection line sitting room for unemployed bar-
ber*: letters referring to shops for sale; nvj-.t
contain full particular* and stamped envelop*
for reply: orders, for barber* for country must
be accompanied by railroad fare; telephone
South II WM. HABERECHT. manager. 1205
Market st., corner of Eighth, formerly of the
Revere, Kureka, Humboldi Co., and Vallejo.
NOW open — Barbers' home; free employment
office; a social room connected for Journey-
men; bosses will be furnished free of charge
with first-class help. 1205 Market st.. near
Eighth: telephone South .".I. Wm. Heberecht.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstair*.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, sec.. 104 7th; tel. JessU 152.
WANTED— Reliable experienced porter for res-
taurant; must be well recommended. 11l Lar-
kln st.
TWO first-class painter* st Fnlsom St.. bet.
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth; 7 o'clock;
new house.
WANTED— 23 painters, plasterers and 2 flrst-
class copper roofers. Apply at southeast cor-
ner of Fillmore and Waller sts.
GOOD Industrial man for debit: good contract:
8-?. 5-6. W. H. ' hitman, 611 Montgomery.
DISHWASHER wanted. Apply early. 17 Wash"
lncton nt.
WANTED— TaiIor on custom coats. 14 Har-
riet st.
YOUNG man as waiter on steamer SanaaMto;
must be sober and reliable. Apply by 9 a. m.
COOK for restaurant: must be flrst-claBS. IS
East m : $14 a week; call early.
GOOD coatmaker wanted. C2O Kearny st., room
1. first floor.
YOUNO man wanted, must be quick and In-
dustrious, for grocery store. 433 Third st.
WANTED— WaIter at COS Sixth st.
WANTED d dlshwaMier at once,: $4 a
week. LIPSCIIIT/'S Restaurant. 413 pine.
WANTED— unemployed energetic men; $3 per
day. Room SI. 918 Market st.
GERMAN cook Immediately, m Turk mt7;
restaurant.
WANTED— A night dishwasher at 1390 Turk st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 704 Larkln st.
BOY wanted to learn the drug business. Call
at ISM Ellis st.
TAILORS wanted; custom coats. 633 Natoma
. tre t.
PIANIST, $1 10 per night; I p. m. to I a. m.
Box 1309. Call office.
CORNET player and piano player. 416 Dupont
st ; call between 3 and 4 p. m.
TINSMITH wanted. Apply to J. H. BLAKE-
WAT, 11l First st.
BARBERS— account of slckne*« will sell
my shop cheap. 4:7 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
CAPE NOME, ALASKA.
Persons desiring to secure passage on a first-
class early boat for Cape Nome and York at
reasonable prices can do so by applying at
once. Address Committee, box 2454, Call.
WANTED— Sober, steady man who can do plain
bookkeeping ; knowledge of German desirable.
but not Indispensable; must have small capi-
tal; can triple Investment In 3 months; refer-
ences. M. LESS. :«:, Market St.
BRIGHT young man wanted In the business
chance department: must be a "hustler" and
up-to-date. NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO..
_ 827 Market «., rooms 2.11-202.
BARBERS — 3-chalr hotel barber shop In the
center of this city; reason, death of proprie-
tor; must be sold. For particulars call on H.
UNBRT. 927 Market st.
WANTED- Laborers and mechanics to know I
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Den\er House. 217 Third »t.; 150 large
rooms; "c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
HOLER I BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— First -class cabinetmaker. FINK A
SCHINDLER. 1309 Market st
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. Barber College. 741 A Howard »t.
PHOTOGRAPHER wanted— Good all around
man. Apply .' W. BAKER. 1023 Market st.
2 COATMAKERS San Jose Woolen Mills Co..
623 Market ii . room .'■. 12 and 1 o'clock.
SMART canvassers and collectors: Industrial
insurance. R. RALPH. 611 Montgomery st.
YOUNG man, who has worked In hat ani fur-
nlshlng goods store. lIS Montgomery st.
WANTED— An energetic man who wants to
make money. 472H Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
GKT your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
:••■ £62 Mission St.. bet. Ist and Id sta,
TWO experienced tea and coffee solicitors.
Address box 376. Call office.
WANTED— MO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; bert in city. 406 McAllleUr
»t.. near Polk.
WANTKI' Pint-class coatmaker. Apply at
C. W. K. FORD A CO.'S. 116 Butter Vt.
600 PAIRS men's shoes. Mlghtiy damaged, half
price. 662 Mission »t.. bet Ist and ','d sts.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. :■ Bteoarl •■■
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received st Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
WJ NCI - I , KSTr:n Hotel. 44 Third «•• near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 2Sc night; reading room: free
•bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HELP WAXTED— MALE.
WANTED— Young man to drive butcher wagon,
take care of horses and help In shop. Call or
address 2503 Clay st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
» week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. Dl K«arny
200 SINGLE furnished room*. 10c. l&c and 25c
per nlrht. Llndell. «th and Howard: read. rra.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market, st.. below dixth,
for a room; *^c a night: $1 a-»we»k.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions his been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and K' n-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M Va-
ler<*!» st.
HORSES. LIVK STOCKS Etc For Male
BIG auction sale of horse* direct from the
country Tuesday, 11 o'clock. Ormonde Stable,
1517 Mission st.: this stock can be s*«n In
harness any time up to day of sale. S. WAT-
KINS. Auctioneer.
HEAVY truck horse for sale. Apply at coal
yard. Twenty-fourth st . bet. Alabama and
Florida.
FOR sale— Thirty head of good horses, suitable
for all purpose*: weight from 1200 to I*oo. !
«7 Hermann St.. near Valencia. •
LOOK out fcr the bis sale of hcrse* Tuesday.
11 o'clock, at Ormonde Stable. 1517 Mission st. ,
S. WATKJNB. Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon, burgles,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Hor«,e Market.
»27 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
M HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1«2I
•nd 1625 Market it., between Twelf'h and
Brady: also some fine matched blnck team*
HOUSES— LODC: I XC — ro» MALE.
100-ROOM HOI'SF. CORNER HOUSE;
RENT ONLY $s'j.
Price 11S0O.
SO-room house; clear* $150 Hi™)
10 rooms; very central; payments 410
8-room new flat: payments COO
Country hotel and bar; 32 rooms 2000
Gorman hotel and bar In city 'J**> \
Hoarding house; 40 rooms 32C0 .
88-room house on Market 1400
27 rooms; fins corner: clears $150 1»00
11-room house on Bush st 425
CALL. I ca>» SUIT YOU.
MONEY TO LOAN AT THE LOWEST
RATE. TELEPHONE JOHN U.
APPLY TO 11. C. DECKER. 1 M Market st.
R. H. WINSTON * CO.. 1026 Market st.
1« rooms: rent $40; only prt
2? rooms: north of Market... &.V> i
23 rooms, near Geary . tlears $100 * 30 I
80 rooms; cheap rent; must sell 2^H) I
$l?00-«)-ROOM house: best location city; near
Market; all rented. BASILE. 3 Dddy *t.
$2:0-12- ROOM bouse half block from Market
St.. central; fine furniture. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging-house see BA-
SILE. I Eddy St.; new cash buyer dally.
A— l4-ROOM house on Market St.: part cash:
bargain. COWING A CO.. 900 Market st.
$4-. 19 ROOMS, furnished for housekeeping:
all rented; on Mission St.. near Sixth. In-
quire at »M Mission st.
WANTED— To buy. 10 to 35 room fur. house;
good location; must be cheap. Box 11.13. Call.
HOWARD. 704, cor. Third-Nice hoii»e; S3
rooms; cheap; retiring from business.
FOR SALE— 9-room lodging hous*. furnished.
Apply Ml Howard St.. near Third.
HOI BBS TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H UMBSEN £ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK A CO ««7 Market st.
HOUSES. i FLATS.
$31 Jersey; 6 r. . .$l2 00,810 McAllister . 7 r l.'o 00
110 Natoma: 8 r.. 1% 00 .'.OS Frsnklln. C r. 27 60
1233 Sanchez; 5 r.. 12 SO. 261S Market; « r.. II BO
BROADWAY, IMS— rooms, bath, laundry; fine
marine view; rent $20.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN i HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 9 rooms and bath; furnished. $33;
unfurnished 125. 111$ Leavenworth st
LAG UNA, 1715-1717—2 sunny modern houses of 8
rooms and bath each; newly papered.
SILVER, 30— Three large sunny rooms; 17.
$9— Four sunny rooms. SIS Thirteenth st.,
near Market.
$27 50— HOUSE 8 rooms and bath; good order.
1523 Broadway.
HOUSES TO LET — FUH.M.HIIKD.
»3— BAY- WINDOW house, with furniture; <
rooms and bath; 2609 Pine st. Apply to E.
ROBINET. room 6. 4im California st.
HOISBS WASTED. ~
WANTED— To buy lodging-house by responsible
party. Address PO_ 344. Call office.
LOST AND FOUXD.
DARK-BROWN spaniel. Return to 765 Folsoni
st. reward
LOST— A gold watch and short chain with
Chinese gold coin, and another gold coin with
monogram A. R. In black enamel. A suit-
able reward If returned to 1019 Bush St., be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth.
LOST— Round gold pin; black enameled open
Bible In center: not valuable; a keep*a_».
Finder will receive a liberal reward by re-
turning pin to 1131 McAllister st.
LOST Brown water spaniel (male). Reward
by returning to 709 Hampshire st.
LOST— Wed., bet. Dolores and Cumberland.
18th A Oakwood. mink collarette; reward.
6 Oak wood st.
— __— _
MEDICAL.
DR WYETH. ladles' physician; consul*
tatlon free: home for patients In confinement
or with chronic diseases; guaranteed treat-
ment at office. $5. 942 Post st.. between Hyde
and Larkln; hours, 10 to S, 7 to 8.
PRIYATEaJsOBM for patients In confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible car*.
MRS. DR. GWYHR. M 0 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde
and I_irkln. Office hours— lo to 12. 2to 4 and
7 to 8.
PRIVATE confinement home: sunny rooms,
best of care, nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEOENER.
phone Pine 2781: re«. 1212 Golden Gste aye.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years;
call on physician with man's knowledge; t:,.
cure sent: private home In confinement 31S ;
Kearny st. ; consultation free; guaranteed.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific method*; cure guaranteed; treatment :$.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket ft., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5; hours 9a. m. to Sp. in.
DR. WISE, the ladies' speclall't. 1118 Market
St.; every cane guarantee): I.', up.
HOME In confinement; treatment IS; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN. 22* Van N— » aye.
DR G. W. O'DONNKLL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist. IC23V, Market st
DR. WON 43 HIM. herb doctor, treat.* all din- ]
ease* of the human body. 11.". Mason st.
.11 IX EM AXD MIXING.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Sth i
floor. Mills building. S. F. ; tel. Main 844.
WANTED— 3 or 4 parties with small capital to
Join In a gravel mining enterprise. In which
there Is Immense profit; a small Investment
will yield large returns for many years. W.
F. ARAM. Mills bulldlnr.
MISCELLAXEOUti FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture. store and of-
flee furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
st.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcase*, shelving, mirrors, i
bought, sold and exchanged. 100 Mission st.
A LADY'S karat gold-filled American watch I
for $7; cost $14. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant.
SOMETHING most exquisite — A beautiful
lady's diamond set 14-karat gold watch for
$70; co«t originally at Tiffany's. New York.
$160. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
AT less than cost; uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
Caution— Be sure you go to the right store. ■
721 Market st.. In the History building.
Charles Lyons has nothing to do with any
other store In the block, his name being In
full over the store (CHARLES LYONS).
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchant*,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st.. S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brlckdust. S. R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.; tel Main 60S*.
8 HOISTING engines. 3 steamers, 6 locomotive*.
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert record*. 12 50. BACIGALUPI
MS Mnrkft st.. Fan Fran- 1 .-
NEW Klondike outfit: one-third cost: also 70-
year-old violin: cheap. Box Ml. Call o.'fire.
BUSINESS wagon. $20: harness. $t0: bicycle
$10; rare chance; spot cash. l«3l Eddy st. '
BAR counter, with drainer and footresf 14
feet long: cheap. Apply 1219 Market st*.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SAL«.
pTm'^^B^tte^sT^ounTst. Bernard bitch.
cheap. C. D. HYDE. Nineteenth and Carolina.
$I«— DOMESTIC sewing machine; • drawers;
good order; complete. 13IS Mission st. .
8-FOOT windmill. 2000 gallon tank and dept.
well pump; cheap. 703 San Bruno aye.
CREAM of Iri-h setter blood; price« preason-
aMe. Glenmore Kennels. 2041 Linden. Oakland.
DRESE pants. $5 75: fine suit. 110. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. Sl3 Montgomery st.
A— l 3 JO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 820 Kearny St.. nr. Finn.
FOR Christmas presents call on KORENSEN.
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth «t.. below Mission.
BOILL'RS. en<ln*s. drill presses. planem.lathes.
Iron A woo. 2d hand. J. BURKE. IP Beale.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electric*! supplier.
boilers and engines. 11. S. White. 5H Mission.
BUYS. s-lls. rents gear machinery, boilers.
water pipe: new.2d-hand. White law.2l6 Spear.
DR. CREHLYS C P. Worm Pills: by all drug-
gists or Dog Hospital. 1) OolJen Gate are.
SAFES-New anJ second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFi: CO.; 417-421 Sacramento st.
BAR*. counter«.»hetvlng.*howcn.«es bought an.l
sold. FHRKN lilt Mission: tel. Je*!«le UCT
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— lady's roiUfJ Invalid's chair In At
condition. Address H. LEHMPUHL. 41
Mls*l»sippl st. _^^____—
WANTED for ■ collection— Fifty-dollar slugs.
Inquire _t 14 Pest St.. Palace of Art. E.
HAQUETTE.
HIGH.' price paid for old feather b»ds an.i
pillows; send postal. CHARLES LEW (11
llnlon st,
WANTED— To hire wo first-class scraper t»t-i
with harnesn and j.-rs;<l bars; long Job. E. U.
•TTONK. F.lmv- _^__
DUMP cart and horse; will rent or buy. O.
W. KNEASS. <!!> Third st.
LADIES' and children's cast-off dresses bought
and sold. J. Sllverman. »14 Fols- m. nr. «th.
.... ' !
MONBT TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installment* or as a whole: If you
o*>« a balance on the purchase price we will
psjjr it and carry the loan as lone as you de-
sire: avol.l red tnpe and publicity; see us first;
y. ii ■.. ill be wait* upon quietly and quickly.
Call i»-69 Donoho<> bl.'g., H7i> Market st. a
ANY proposition: any amount: « per cent: tint.
second mortgage*, estates In probate. inter
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages, confidential: advtre- free. O. It.
OLSEN. room 1«. first floor. chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In I F.. Oak-
land or Alametla at lowest rate*, without
removal: no commission: no delay* J.
NOONAN. 1017 to in;j Mission St.. abovo
Sixth; telephone South 14
AVOID delays; try all •hers, then ■*•• me; 180 to
to 1100.000; * per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gage*, estates In probnte. undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; adTlc*
anil money furnished. P. A. I«,|_n. 6CS Markt.
ANY amount at < per cent; Ist. M and 31 mort*
gages, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advance* on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. Hi Market
St.; tel. Main 1644; Branch II Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Ftxth;
highest pr: for old gold, stiver, diamond.".
ON r-al estate. Ist. or M mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: -my amount;
lowest rate*. BECKER. 28 Montgomery st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture an<i
piano*: no removal; low rates: confidential.
HONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell si
AT US Kearny. room 9. a respectable and pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches, dla-
monds. etc.; lowest rates; take elevator.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note wlth-
out Indorscr. MORRELL. «C 9 Examiner bldg.
TO salaried men; without collateral or In-
dorwer. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b!».
Isoto TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent. WINSTON A CO . 1023 Market st.
ALL proportions, small or large; salaries-
rents. Kb 'TH 22!) California St.. room 7.
W TO Jlfl.OOO; lowest rate*; Ist and 2d mortgs •
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal- no
commission; private. LICK.. US McAllister st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you nee<t
more money see H. MURPHY, do Market ••.
MUSICAL IXJiTUUMEXTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium an.l low-priced plane*
where they can be exchanged for a Stetnway
within three years and have full purchase
price? allowed. We are -• ling new upright
pianos for IS per month. . and some good
pianos for $3, It and $.". per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY A CO Stelnway Dealers cor-
ner Kearny and Sutler sts.. San Francisco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous*
west of Chicago Is KOHLKR A CHASE'S.
25, 23 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and]
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KXAHi: pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER * CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
FACTORY price* for new piano* until Ist of
January: easy terms: Stein way upright Chas»
Bros.. Hardman. Decker and several other
slightly used piano* will be closed out at
once to moke room for new stock. THE J
DEWING CO.. second floor. Flood building.
Fourth and Market its.
$100 WILL buy a nice little upright at MAIN
VAIS'. 7tt Market at.
COME an.l see us If you want bargains, prices
low; terms easy. MAUVAJS. M Market St.
DECKER A SON pianos take the lead ereryl
where, they are "best of th* best." Sold only
at MAUVAIS'. 759 Market st.
ALL makes for a short time only.
14. »4. It. $4. 14. II per month.
2 Chlckerlngs. 2 Stein ways. 1 Vose A Sons and
fifty other slightly used high and medium
grade pianos: special discounts for cast.
HEINE PIANO MFU. CO.. 13S Ellis st.
CLOSING out a lot of second-hand pianos on
storage at auction prices: cheap for ash
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st,
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard]
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
FINE Fischer A Stelnway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1013 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary st.
W. B. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Fran Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
WANTED— 7 square pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
306 Post st.
GOOD upright piano, nearly ne>w; cheap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Oood upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. 1«
McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
84 HMER Byron .'•'..' and other plants. ITS)
Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zither*, old and new. H~.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
omen AXD STOKE!*— TO LET.
WANTED— A good tenant for grocery or any
other business In new »tore on NW. cor. of
Post and I.arkln st*., at reasonable terms
A. M. SPECK A CO.. €67 Market st.
ELEGANT large store; 4 fine rooms In rear'
large dry basement: suitable for any business.
*93 Valencia st . under Hotel Dennlston cor-
ner Twenty-first: business center of Mission.
PACIFIC. 324 and 32*-2 handsome large lor
to let; very cheap. M r
EMMA KI'IiTCKKW bull.llng. «7 Market st -
' ■••• snr.nr orfW. n; m fn ty\ wr month!
I'ALMISTIU. ~
HAVE your life read without a question or
mistake at your own home; engagements fry
phone larkln 1W«. MRS. L. ■*»««"■ uy
l"KK>o\ \i.«,. i
WEAK ,^' 3 - colJ in the eyes, poor sight. In-
'?•?<? BOVE&J £*?*' CUt A P^anently
Nalfma"^'- 5 Celtbr ""* »**«• *"
Li-PFRrns Q' 1 " 110 "'^. the linen of all hair
i^u' r Z \ *"'' r *"' w< the ha
bottle. I *ed and sold at 123 Stockton st.
Just impor- • 1 nl «™ <la «'-»e •"me newluTlr style*.
,". alr ' * uses
_Jl°. > lny_°n«nipoo._Bcl n y_°n«nipoo._8c package. 123 Stockton st.
sittings 'ree for bUft cabinet" photos: no
charge unless suited. ad ( . Kverv
Tuesday .V^n^day and Thursday of this
month at 48 O'Farrell and ll» Stockton sts.
S Tir?w*i ni i IN . 0 ""^ted: booklet. J. WIIITkI
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
JO "* *L noONE Patent Trademark""
Attorney at Uw, and Copyright
?.- V Utt . er >l " i*™* • Specialty.
_ "n" n i 'J-ocn.-r, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ARTISTIC halrdresslng. 25c; shampooing. Be:
lialrdressing »nd manicuring taught. Up-to<
I .it- Parlors. MM Market »t.. over Wonder.
E U K « ANT remnn for suits. FlO 75; pants.
««-i Or ov "'«<»ts. $12 M; made to ord.p;
samples sent to Interior. One Prlce> Tailoring
to.. 1(41 Market »t.. .-: Nltholas Hotel., HBaUOI M I,
- ->->f\«ll1l -11. I. I. I, _ , ..^ .„,.- I, -- -
ELECTRIC lights tn every room; Winchester
'- }' it ,T hlrJ "- ntar Market; 100 rooms; '
?;£» .1 fl r '° P er nlKht: * l l " t0 *« P*r week;
: -— ~-_ !_-!-_l- > *f gage t0 anii fr " m the ferry
§ LEADING theatrical and maequrrade coT
1 ? ,??' SJ^SS -"* u1 « rt: country orders to-
COI_3BTEIN & CQ.^ 7JJ Market tt.
SLAUGHTER Jn unredeemed plea»~-«Tjeweln\ !
Clothing etc.. for amount loanel and lr.ter-
cat^ CUT RATE OFFICE^ X Mason.
[raSUTIXE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no i^ay; book lor ttamp. 6 Eddy st.
■ .?*__?* tuv * clothing, brlc-a-brac, tools and
old gold; tend for him. io» Psxth st.
NI.Y store that buys old gold Jewelry and ;
cast-oft clothing. COLEMAN'S. SCC Kearny. '
tEST rjice for ctut-ofT clothing and brlc-a-
j£«,^_ » MARKS. £09 Third «.; send postal.
VSS; L* orfler " n «"T Initallnients! L i
-.'?;..^ > -__ 1 IL : Market st.. Nt. 7th and Pth.
in. I. n. WOOD; dental work In all branches:
examination froe. 7l» Market tt.. rrns. 2-1.
7^ o " ni3 P»r*rhangtng; rooms papered. !
— r -_^ cp - JENSEN A BATH. 3M Sixth tt
Mns.~L. J. \|-HRGIiOCK'hM removed La Vent e
parlors to 114» Market «t.; thona Folsom 448. J
MUT.H. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure ps?r>
• -' 3or> -* 3^ Kearny rt.. Cm floor, rooms 2-X.
ANTIQUE and curiosity «hor; books bought.
'old, £•$ Dupont st.. near Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china dee-
r 1 ... S^e S_R. CHURCH. WPannome st.
I.ACHMAN & OO." mfm. of fine furs and seal
_*? r !_ rM|l: ' _■•'' rem " <J ' I'O*.1 'O*. 104 Kearny st.
IF you wish fu'J value for your cast-off doth-
jlng;<_U oa.B. COHEN. U7 Third st.
ntriTUlttt. HHrnsre cured; no knTfeTnoTnJeel
Itlna;«B-nmt4.' i Dr.OoranCtH Pin-, ah tCrny.
WANTEtwoia irold for tnaaur«. s 0.1 NOLTR,
_ }***i+r. Ut O'FarrelL !>et. Powell and Ma-«on.
A jrKEK*B newn for 5 cent s~Tne" WeekTy^CalU
l f •:.g-s. !ti wrwM-er. f<r malllnif. $\ |-er y«*, <r . 1
I'll" .X IPIIIC -I JIM II 1.
FINEST and fullest stock: square deal and
: r mpt senlc*j muntrj' nr-lerf our ■ serial ty;
<-mal..gue lt-ee <?al. Camrrt ro.. ZZ «>»ry i\.
1 1 1 : \I. iMur — «ii\ — 1 KALI
C. P CAPP * CO^
m:.\L estati: agents and rent col-
LECTORS.
NO. CTO MARKET ST.
OFFKK It'll SALE.
FINE LOT. mnny ».ld.> McAUiner Ft., be-
t*«n Flllmore and Sie'.ner: 4r)x127:4j;4 r )xl27:4j; suitable
lot re»jJenc« and garden; goud r.etghborhaod; !
cu.t* handy; cheap.
MISSION PT.. \V. nije. l»t. Seventeenth end
I.i*;hterr.th. 2-«torj'. bay-window, 7 roocj and
Itatii: alitrady l.ukinee» property.
FOURTEENTH PT.. bet. .Mission an(J How-
nrJ: ..'.d-estabnuhed srorery. with rooms anJ
flat above; cheap.
LYOX ST.. bet. Bush and Plr.s; fine 1-story
res!'!«:.ce: 7 mom* and bath.
KI'JHTH .AVE.. bft. IMint l^b,-» vnd Clera-
•ni .art to Park and din* House pats.
CtTEttRKUO BT. bet. Thirteenth an 3 Four-
' teeitli; 4r>x7T.: within one and a half blocks of
Matket *t,. either way.
TWENTY cl.cap huu*es and lota at the MU-
•
IV -USE FOR SALE-TO ~RE RKMOVED.
ON HKOADWAT.
liitween Huchanan end Webaicr, No. 2120:
i-«n hf Feen at any tirs<*; n:an In charpe; 1
•h:s bouM Ie 'M cf the rnon solid and well
I i.ilt in the .city: has valuable hardwood j
' d » in*: trtJl l-e h?).J cheap; Imute can t>e moved ;
easily, th.-re be-.nr: no cars m Ilroadway.
;•!■■> :a IP KB & PONS. I Mcntgotnery «t.
1^ ill RA-K Mivlern renldenre. 100 C Leaven- j
K-ortK »t . l*t. IMne and Calif rn'.a; l^tween
I our lines; contains » sunny roon-.ti. Lath and
:' l>»nwnt: ill the latert JmiUMVenipntM partly
fai-nlshed: no reasonable < ff er rt-fUß^d; good
investment. Inquire KXfl Leavenworth ft.
: ;. • •- MODERN "room cottage on bUurslnlzea
ttreet; Jot I"xl 30: also a large 7-r.x>rr> house
:. Tierce »t.. near •:-,.:•.. houfes built to
purchasf-r: mry terms. Inqulnj on prem-
iv<^. V. NELSON, builder. * -
t ■ ') FOR new house of 1 rooms and lot Mxlso.
In • .lkland: ternis $?00 caih. balance t» per
m r.'.h: lot und hou*e co»t 11-10. Inquire A M
HENDRICKSON _ CO.. €14 Call bunldlng.
IL' CASH. t-<0 mortsage: nice <vittaKe. 119
I'lfth a\e.. near Clement: lot 2r>Uoj open
Funds; W P MfCLURB. 11 Montgomery.
: EACH— -ota on Cre7l-*nt and Rlchland
ayes , n-ar M!«slon St."; n:u>>t be aold. DRY-
I'T"N. 413 M"iit|t.-mer>- «t.
IF j you have iota north of Ooldea O^t«« Park.
\\<>\ of I"lr>t aye.. and yrm wi»h to «cii th«rrn,
call on W. J. (ji'x.s, 410 Montgomery st.
U. MURPHY, CSfTsJarket «.. n;ak«-s loans on
#«<•.. nd niortcigeft. lntr-re»tf In ertatea. etc.
N'PV !-•• • ■-■■: " roomii; Noe and Hill
rXr- . vw CftßtrorSt. cars; <V,eap.
iv^-lyiT z*\:r): eastilne. loth irt.. s:: south |
II *±. r. i:aul_y : ■ ■ |
A WEEK'S r..»^ !. r 5 r«r.ts-The Weekly fall. |
1« jiact-«. In «ra;.;;"r. fnr miSinc. tl V~r yir. t
■ " 1
REAL ESTATE — (OINTIIY — For -nl»-
AXNOIJXCEMEXT.
We <se-»lre tn call the attontlcn of int«nllng
kuy«r» •>'. cutintry land* to eunw> bargains in tn.
erme pi. during orcliurd. vln«">i,r>;. ►-rain and ;
• #t*rk I'arms. many of uhi--h are ijank for*-- j
■ ' - jin-«, rh.it we have for rale. Our Mr. Bush,
' . Uys had forty year-" knr.wi'-'lge and expert-
• <f the \*lue ">f lunJs and t-elr.g the owner
'. un Ino, in«-i>rt»duc|ng orchard and vineyard.
rl»n itit«:!:»f*ritly <Hre-t inte:nlir.? l»uyers to the
: be»t Unit und bancains In the £tate. Call or
write : r »J:st juu want.
O. 11. L~_nSEN A CO..
I -avlfl rtuth. Manager C-v.ir.iry IVpartment,
34 SJONTOOMERT BTREET.
A S ItnmeriM lin for sale and cs.-hange.
■•t: ntc«-li- improved: Income fruit and
ranrh; adjoining Sunul. Alameda
<■ u:.?y: ?'.C'fl.
II" acir» ievei »nd R«-ntlr rolling loam; cora-
; ••».'■ ».■• buildings: C «-.rr*s rrchard. etc.; SISCO.
II to 3<<' ari-n; tubltvislon e»l» of be« 1»-
»-3>'"»l and rirr ett, rilghlv cultivated valley ]
: am; mar Nap_; cr.ly ICO n<-re; wcrtti $i(K>. 1
KU'KELB. THE LAXD AOENT. C 76 Market
:• ACRES of choice fruit or early vegetable.
".nr&. For particulars cd4rr?s P. O. box 137.
Yarrville.
A WKFK'S t«»ws for S cent*. The Weekly Call.
;« j-»se», in wruj'jer. for mailing, tl i*t year, j
»«i;%i. i>titi: to » \« II '. \.. I
<J<.Xil» grain and vineyard ranch ofMCJ acres to
.■Khiirip' for »-<»-J inr-onie city 1 rojxrty; valua
} ail i>artlculars at Interview. Address
:■ x i:c. fail «.ffi(*.
ROOMS nth inn <•■!•) :-i\«..
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertij-erncnts ar.4
rub»crl|itlons has been e*tat>l!rhed at th»
rorttwfrft corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtr^ets. Open until » p. m.
lirciIANAN. CO2. corner Fell— Sunny furnished
twy-witiduw. with kitchen; rookstuve; $12.
UIFII, ::,;{— 2 «ur.r.y. front rooms for light
_ hr.v*. ■keeping: adult* only. i
. CLAY. 2421. r.«ar Flllmor*— 2 large unfurnUhed j
upper rooms; yard; water: rear- rent 17.
CLASSIFIEIJ advertisements ard eutscrlptlons I
.►■l at Cell brant h n.'flce. T.'Od Fi'.lmore et.
CIGHTH. S4B. near Market— <>ne or two tunny
:: •.: rooaia. vith kitchen; furnished for
houwkeepUxe; bath; private family.
"HARRIFON. 721-T-ro rooms, furnished com-
riet,. for housekeepinc; larpe yard; bath;
!•;« •■:■
• HOUSEKEEPING rootna for rent; Jow. Room
: 2'l_" i ___h_? *•*•
;!"'VAU!>. «Sl-.Nfatly furnished eunny front
racrn; also a Jarre hrmw-kerplng room.
HOWARD. 704— Nicely furnished front rooms;
first floor; sJbo housekeiilr.g roomi;.
HOWARD. I***— Sonny furnUhed housekeeping
rooms; rent reasonable.
TT^WATID. IS24— Sunny well furnished house-
keeping rooms; good location.
3ESPXB, C»— Furnlthed rooms for housekeep-
ing; also slncle rooms; reasonable.
LARK IN, SM-Clenn runny houtekeeplng apart-
rnr-nts; tl< to $:o per month: central.
MIKSION. Ml. near Becond-Runny bedroom
ana kitchen: furnished; cheap rent.
ailiFlON.~ni»^lCew|y furnlVhed room; house-
keeping an 4 others.
6ACRAMENTO. 1114. bet. Hyde and Larkln-2
c.eari «unny ,r^r.t roorni: el-<;aiuly furnlntied ri
- «n»o«ern Improvements; light houstkeeplng aI-
.SAN CARIES aye . 2S-Nire. u riny front suite
. . I?¥ mr '' *° "Waekeyplnic ro«m«; • ap.
TK'HAMA. 47K. near Blsth-m; 1 ok* rooma.
• :i.j.lete for liouwkeerirg. .»~»«».
TJlUll). 1«-Punny ii'niMk.^^ToomT^conv
J.l'te; fr'Wt. flrwt tlnor; l*th : f J 'm (
VAN KB? aye room
with <>r without board; re««onal»le.
A RRANCH office for Call ndvertUomemaVnd
• rulj»cript!or.» has been ertab:i*h,.,j at 10MI v«.
jlTirlH tt.
BOOMS TO Li:T — Porn, and | lllllru
BWIcK , HOUBK^ f,y BiEth-0000-
Be tfl II Per nipht; tl 2» to U per week a"d
I'.Kl.t housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts —
Hrnirllke house: modern *ervlre- elevator-
• : bath; rooms U>c to tl M day. MRS! J. KlNo!
A-"EPWORTH"-Clean: reipertable; tl a "" t o
16 per week; houaekeeplng. K4TJ, Market st.
A— "WA_l»6rtF. ; .3o> Powell-Fronrsuites arfj
»:_ile ruonta, with or without board.
ROOMS TO LET — and I am.
BURNETT. 1«M Market (old No. 1864)—
nished rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH. ICCB— Furnished room; gas; bath; for
gentlemen; JS; references.
CA ItKOLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Oats
eve- Bunny corner; well furn» rms. _ offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
FELL. US-Sunny tingle. }«: 2 double. JS and
$10; new furniture; running water.
tOURTH 2124— 1. ice sunny roomß. single and
en suite; reasonable; good location.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport)— Nice sunny bay-
window room for 2 young men; also housekpg.
FULTON. SC2— 2 pleasant sunny front rooms.
•1 and }12 it month; use of parlor: gentlemn.
OILLKSI'IE. 119 Ninth— Well-furnished rooms;
I person. $1 M week; I pan J. 75; respectable.
Gn.VNII SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mlftlon tt».— Sunny rooms, en mite or
tingle; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye.. IS— Nice sunny, well furnished
rooms: re&scnable; transient.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
roon:lr.g house; » SO to 16 per week.
MASON. 213 V* —Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
reasonable; quiet and homelike.
HOWARD. 71^-200 tunny rooms; nicely fur-
r.'.r '.,>■'.: every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. •15-* ' lean, retractable, ?&c to $1 per
night: from fl per week to $3; Howard-st car
to the door '
JoNES. 418— Pront sunny newly furnished
(•:■•. 120; aIHO other rooms, 112 and IIS; gas
:.-ii lath.
MrALLISTKR. ISC-118- Elegant eur.ny bay-
wirnio— suite; bath; refused home; references
exehanr^d.
McALLISTER. 4?V-2 sunny, nicely furnished
rooms; suitable for man and wife or gentle-
man.
MpAI.LIPTER. CO2-One large tunny front room
or tmcll fnmt rontn.
McALLISTHR. 7C2H— 3 nice rooms for house-
keeping: also single and suites; bath: gas.
V.INNA. CC7. corner Elghtn— Newly furnished
bay-window room, fl per week: transient,
NEWLY fumifhM rpnmt: hot water: American
family; opportU rersoaSQ. Box 388. Call.
Ni:\V Arlington. IMJ Market— Nicely furnished;
tic day up; t2 week up; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
office*; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARREUU JP27— Front, and back parlors;
Irxt.t parlor handsomely furnished: back rar-
lor t-artly fum.; will furn. to suit; other rms.
POWELL, 317. bet. Geary and Post— Nicely
funiis!iel n>orr.!>; gentlfmen only.
ROSEDALE. I"l Ellla, nr. Taylor— loo rooms;
15c a night: 11 a w»>ek: transient.
ROYAL House. K6 Ellis tt. — Incandescent
llpht. tvadir-K-tvom, tmoklng-room and ladles'
parlor: wn:*. per night. Ssc tj 51 CO: week, 12
• - ts: month, fs to $30; elevator on office floor;
rr.cm« ■with hot. cold water: baths.
SEVENTH, IS! (Girard House)— l handsome
tunny corner rooms as offices.
SHERMAN Apartment Houte. M Eighth «..
ir-ar Market— furnished and unfurnished.
EBVEKTH. Kl- Nicely furnished room suitable
for lady: private family; $3.
BTEVKNSON. C4J. bet. Seventh nd Eighth—
Sli.gle furn. surny frcnt room; bath; central.
ST<~>RE and 2 r<vjm» attached cheap; furnished
or unfurnished. 1118 Mission st.
SL'TTRR, 7^s— Office of late Vr. Robertson; alsj
oth«T sunny, handsome rooms.
THIi Oaks. lIS Third— A good rooming house
fcr good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
VALENCIA. 117— Nlre sunny front room.
VALENCIA. 544— Punny unfurnished parlors;
clcsets, , js. bath.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
tubsrrlptlons hat been established at ths
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky "ts^
A BRANCH office for 'all advertisements *ud
sul*crijt!ons has been established at 1 "M Va-
lencia f-t
nOO.MS~\VA.NTED.
WANTKD— Ront furnished office r.r office hours
lfi furni'heu <.{fie». Box ?49ri. Call.
SeWIXG MACHINES AM) SUPPLIES^
'. MONTHLY. rent*nJ: rer>air<vJ. bought, sold;
machine Fupplles. 14S Sixth, phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds br.ught. sr»ld. exchanged, rented; re-
palrlne nt lowest rates. 2^5 Fourth tt.
SPJ-OUU- .NOTICES. .
MASSAGE, vapor, electric baths. PROF. W.
RlF.riL. X"6 F.ddy. form, it Highland Spring*.
BAT"> tenants ejected for $4", collections made;
cltv or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<U. ... ...... S-10; tel. TSVL
rrORAGB AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
7?; Mlstlon; go*Mls gu.irnnteed; tel. Clay 25.
V!ER«*E-ROIx»LI'H Stornpe and Moving Co. |
orflre. 101 Pot, cor. Powell; tel. Main DTI3.
WATCH RatrA»Rl«a
WATCHES cleaned 7V: guaranteed 1 years.
The Ray Jewelry and Optical Co.. 540 Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
UJsJaatDA lit VI. ESTATE.
BARGAINS In lots; all on Improved streets: 45
Xl2O, N. tide of Haight are., nr. 7th St.. ifcM;
lot 4ftxl4!«. KZO; lot 50x150, 1C25; 25x140. $3Xt;
terms, cr will build to »u!t. J. 11. YOUNG.
::n P^rk ft.
kLAMEOi ROOMS AM) DOAHI).
HOME for ladle* tn delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. IK FUNKE. 141*5 Eth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
3 EUSQAXT 9-rciom colonial homes adjacent
University of Cal.; Just completed; roe lain
l>ath; finished In natural w«»od; all mo<lern
curiv^nlenccp; runny fronjage; terms if »le-
rired. M. L. WURTfI. 17th A H'way. Oakl»nd.
f 1300— NO escus* for not having a home: corner
lot 10x135; modern 5-room cottage; bath, base-
ment, etc.; convenient to cars and station;
trnall ca*h payment : balance easy monthly
Installments; Eave your rent. 11. D. IRWIN,
Lorln Station. Open Sundays.
CO7/V cottages with modern "Improvements; In
etullnients game as rent, from JS M> upward.
HE.VNT.TT. 2US Stanford 1 1.. Berkeley sta'n.
OAKLAND AIIVERTISESIENTS
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
_
fIDOO-I HAVE for sale M) lots BxUS as a whole;
this property Is worth $3000: the owner Is In
absolute dlMrt-fs for the want of Immediate
funds and If sacrificing this property that
rhe may make an Immediate tale. the. lots
command a magnificent • lew; within 40 min-
utes f>f the city: lutt- 2 railroad stations within
3 minutes' walk; running wat«-r, etc.; call and
pet full particulars. J. W. LAYMANCE, 616
Market at.. S. F., 4CO-4C2 Eighth st., Oakland.
MAKE A PTARf!
NOW IS THE TIME TO mv— r.
125 down, balance small monthly payments,
will buy you a tine lot on the north side of th«
Ftreet. Just east of Sun Pablo aye ; will sell
any frontage desired at only |6 per front foot;
eewer In street; this property Is In North Oak-
lanaTTftiere more lui^ru\«-uirut~ts going on than
In any other part of Oakland, and in property
that will creatly lncres»« in value. J.. H.
NAISMITII. <B2 Ninth st.
1776— MUST \f sold: a 5-room cottage, with
basement; good yard; healthy location; con-
venient to rars: rented for $7 per month. Ad-
dren box 101 S. Call office. Oakland, Cal.
TO Irate— 69 acres near Oakland on terms; 14
fruit, buildings, nrliißs. etc. BALSBURT,
*'* Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1C piiges, "nt to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for |L
ix-ttage tmld. *-
OAKLAND FI'RMTIKK FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. .-iitiliiaas. the
furniture dealer. UUt and Franklin. Oakland.
m\ii)i:>i> notices.
DIVIDEND Notice.— Dividend No. 73 (25 cents
per M,.in 1 of the Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office, of
the company. 527 Market tt.. on and after
MONDAY. November 20. 1838. Transfer books
will close on Tuesday. November 14. 1899, at 3
o'clock p. m. E. 11. SHELDON, Secretary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20. 1899.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for military supplies. 26 New
Montgomery st., San Francisco. Cal.. No-
vember 18, IS99— Sealed proposals In tripli-
cate will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., November 29, 1899, and then opened,
for furnishing hatchets, shovels, ax, pickax,
and hatchet helves, mosquito head nets and
tent pins. Preference will be given to ar-
ticles of domestic production and manufac-
ture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (Including In the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon) and such prefer-
ence given to articles, of American produc-
tion and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Proposals for delivery at other points will
be entertained. ' Information and blank pro-
posals furnished on application. Envelopes i
| wljl be Indorsed "Proposals for Military Sup- '
rlfes. No. 7432." and addressed CAPTAIN
OSCAR F. LONO, Assistant Quartermaster,
| United States Army. Depot Quartermaster.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,*
BORN.
KRAGEN— In this city. November 15, 1599. to
the wife of E. E. Kragen, a son.
LESS— In this city, November 19. 1899, to the
wife of Lee Less, a daughter.
MARRIED.
PETERS— In this city. November 15.
IS?9. at the residence of the bride's parents.
by the Rev. E. R. Dllle. D. D.. Charles R.
Peters of Petaluma and Mary M. Ewlng of
Pan Francicso.
McCABE— GIVENS— In Pan Jose. November 19.
16J>9. by the Rev. P. McOulre. Alexander Mc-
Cabe and A. Josephine Glvens.
____
DIBD.
Ansel Adele L. Hencken Julius A.
llehlow Charles J. Henry Capt. F. T.
Brawn John F. Johnson. William H.
Carnes Mr*. C. H. Jorgensen Kristtne
Cramer Mrs. Margt. Lee Mrs. Eliza A.
l>avis Abraham Martin Mollle
Dehan Mrs. Julie Mathews Mrs. Mary
Dreyfus Edgar McGrath Frances E.
Duddy James Schober Sophie
Fennell Martin Twohy Thomas
Have Nonle M. Wlesenborn Christian
ANSEL— In Alanieda, November 18. 1833. Adelt
Lucille Ansel, beloved child of John L. and
Johanna Ansel, aged 11 months and 21 days.
CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services at 2004 Enclnal aye- ;
nue, this day (Monday), at 11:15 o'clock
Interment Drlvate.
BEHLOW— In this city. November 19. 1599, j
Charles J., husband of Bertha A. Behlow. a ,
native of Brandenburg, Germany, aged 67 |
years and 8 days.
C.'The funeral services will take place to- |
morrow (Tuesday), at 1:45 o'clock, from his |
late residence, 1807 Octavla st. Interment pri-
vate.
BROWN— In this city. November 19. 1893. John
Florance, husband of the late M. H. Joseph-
ine Brown, father of Albert. Edith. John. Ad- |
elaide and Josephine Brown, a native of Buf- I
falo, N. V . aged 64 years 10 months and 2 >
days.
C7Friends are Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his
late residence, 241S California street. Inter-
ment private.
CARNES— In this city. November 18, ISM. Caro-
line H. Carties, widow of the late George
A. Carnes. and mother of Edith Robertson. |
William A. Carnes and Natalie C. Jordan,
aged 77 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day '
(Monday), it 11 o'clock, from the residence
of the daughter. 906 McAllister street; In-
ter.Tunt Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
CRAMER In Oakland. November IS. 1539. Mar- '
garet, beloved wife of John 1). Cramer and
mother cf Mary. Eugene, Daniel and Willie
Cramer and daughter of Julia an.l the late
l>anlel Donovan, a native of Washington,
D. C.
J_~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi- .
dence, 760 Third street, thence to the Church .
of the Immaculate Conception, where a sol- |
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
DAVIS— Dutch Flat. November 19. 1893,
Abraham, beloved husband of Henrietta Da-
vis, a native of Germany, aged 67 year*.
IT^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
DEHAN— In this city. November 18. 1899. Julie
I*han. beloved mother of Mrs. J. Alvarex.
Adrion Salmon and sirs. C M. Marcicano
anJ grandmother of C. GuinJc. a native of
France, aged 61.'6 1 .' years anil s months.
Unfriends and aiijuaintanoes are respect- |
fully invited to att<-n<l the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of !
J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DRHYFUS— In the city of Mexico. November
10. IW9. Edgar Dreyfus, beloved son of Alex- j
ander and Hertha Dreyfus and brother of
Claude, Pauline. Charles, Lennie and Carrie
Dreyfus of San Francisco, aged 16 years.
DUDDY— In this city. November 18, Isi3, James .
Duddy, beloved brother of Mrs. j. Scullen, a
r.atlve of San Francisco, aged 32 years.
FKNNELL— In this city. November 19, 1599. I
M.irtin. dearly beloved husband of Anne Fen-
nell. beloved father of William P., James S..
>fcrtin 11., John R. and Annie Fennel!. Mrs.
K. W. Fuller. Mrs. M. T. Heeler and Mrs.
J. T. Dlapaux, a r.atlve ol Birr, Kings County,
Ireland.- aj:<*<l 6S years 2 nionthg and 13 daya.
(Honolulu and New York papers please copy.]
C— r Frlen<is and acquaintances nre respect-
fully Invited to attf-nd the funernl to-morrow
• Tuesday), nt 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, m Jullun avenu", thence to St. Ignatius
Church. Hayes smet. where a sclemn requiem
iiuibS will be celebrated for the repute of his
soul, commencing at 10 O'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAWK— In this city. November II I!W>. Nonle
M. beloved daughter of Mary an.l the late
William Have, a native of San Francisco.
gT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 6:30 o'clock, from her late resi- [
dence, £.17 I -yon street, thence to St. Agnes
Church, Where a solemn requiem high mass !
will be ce!ebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy ,
Cross Cemetery.
1 HENCKEN— In this city. November d 1553.
I Julius A., beloved husband of Sophie Hencken
and l>elove<l son of Mrs. Christine and the late
Martin Hencken and brother of M m Gena
Hencken and Mrs. W. C Hacks end son-in-
law of George and Margaret Hruns. a native ,
of San Francisco, aged 33 years 3 months and i
24 days. A member of Concordia Lodge No.
122. I. O. O. V-: Rincon Parlor, N. S. G. W.,
an>l MlFtlcn Turn-Vereln.
C7Notlce ■t funeral hereafter.
HENRY— At sea. June 14. IMS. Captain Freder- '
ick T. (late captain of the ship Cyrus Wake-
field), beloved husband of Su?:tn C. Henry and
father of !»uls, Joxeiih. Sadie and Celia
Henry, a native of Thomtustun, Me., aged 53
years.
' ri*-n.l!« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day i
iM >.".l.i > i. at 1:10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 21 Eddy street,
thence to Ft. Mary's Cathedral, where services
will be held for the repose of his soul," com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
JOHNSON— In this city. November 18. 1839.
William H. Johnson, beloved brother of Mrs i
n. G. lUnkln. ■ native of PlacenrUle, El Vo-
rado County. Cal., aged 3*". years.
JORGENSEN— In this city. November 17. is:< 9.
Kri.-tir.- Jorgensen. beloved sister of Mrs. J.
Jacobson and Lawrence Jorgeni>en. a native
of Denmark, aged 25 years 4 months and 10
days. ;
|T7Frlend*i and acquaintances are respect- -
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
J. Jacobson. 3613 Nineteenth street, near
Guerrero. Interment Cyprema Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
LEE— In this city. November 13, ISM. Eliza a., i
! beloved wife of Abraham Lea, a native of
Portsmouth, Va., aged 80 years 10 months '
and IS days.
MARTIN— In this city. November IS. UM Moi-
lte, beloved dnughter of James and the late
Margaret Martin, and Bister of Daniel J.
Martin, v native of siari Francisco, uged 15
years. .
IT^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tv attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of hc-r futher, 443 Stevenson street, thence tv
Bt, Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MATUEWS this city, November 19, 1899,
Mary Ann. beloved wife of Lawrence Ma-
thews, mother of William. Ellen and Law-
rence Mathews. and .laughter of Mr* Mary
McOowen, ■ native of Btrkenhead, England
aped 3fl years.
Men RATH— In this city. November li», UfJ
Frances E.. dearly beloved daughter of Tliom-
83 and Bella MeOrath and sister of Maria
McOrath, a native of San Francisco, oced 10
months and IS days.
ITXThe funeral will take place to-day (Men-
day), ot 1:30 lock, from the residence of
her parents, ICI Lnndy Lane, between Twen-
t\ -ninth and Thirtieth streets. Interment
Calvary Cemetery.
eCHODER— In this city. November IS 1833
Sophie, denrly beloved daughter of Ernest and
Augusta Schober, and sister of Frederlka.
Henry. Emma. Julia. Clara and Anna Scho-
ber. a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years
1 months and 14 days.
CTFTiends nn.l acquaintances are respect-
fully in\lted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. ttl Minna street, between Fifth
an.l Sixth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery
TWOHY — In this city. November 18 If»~
Thomas, beloved -■ of Thomas and Julia
Twohy. brother of Elsie and Mamie Twohy
and grandson of Mrs. P. Oakes of Colmn. San
Mateo County, a native of Colmn. San Matco
County, aged ■■ rears I months and C days
(ETFrlends nnd n. .|Uaint;iii-.h nre respect-
IILNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannairan & Gallon*-/.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln Schojl.
Telephone South 80.
McAVOY db CO.. I
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS .v EMIiALMERS. I
1235 Market St., between Sth and 9th. I
Telephone South 247. I
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 776 Willow avenue, off Web-
bter street, between Eddy and Ellis. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WIE6ENHORN— In thlß city. November 19,
18V9. Christian, beloved husband of the late
Annie Wiesenhorn and beloved father of
Charles Gerdie and Henry Wles«nhorn. a na-
tive of Oerl. Germany, aged 42 years
NEW BILLS AT THREE
PROMINENT THEATERS
Notwithstanding the fact that "Yon
Yonson" Is a comedy that has been pre
sented for a good many years, the Cali
fornia Theater was packed to the doors
last evening, when Thall & Kennedy's
company opened Us engagement. In
truth, a great many people had to be
turned away. But because the play Is an
old one It must not be understood that
the performance Is lacking any novelty.
On the contrary, there are a few special
ties that pleased the large audience Im
mensely, and encores were accorded In
plenty. Of course there are particularly
two characters . who carry the play
through, namely. Yon Yonson and Mrs.
Laflln. The former was essayed In a
most satisfactory manner by Arthur
Donaldson. who«e vocal selections added
considerably to the general attractiveness
of this role, and it cannot be denied that
he has become a distinct favorite. The
Irish character was In the hands of An
ni<* Mack Berleln, who, In appearance as
well as execution, gave a decidedly clever
portrayal of this part. The wholesome
humor of the lines were brought out with
unctuous tijilrit. and the laughers cannot
say that tfioy wasted their time at the
California last evening. The specialties
by Edith Hall, the lumbermen's quartet,
contesting of Clinton Maynard, Henry
Hubbard, Loon Parnett and Sidney Cra
ven, and those of Grace Hazzard were all
greatly enjoyed. As to the acting, Guy
Spangler's John Hollowuy could easily
take a vacation without any one missing
him. This was about one of the most
un and dis graceful exhibitions of acting
peon at the California for some time. If
there Is anything inexcusable in an actor
It is stiffness, and of this Mr. Spangler
possesses an overdose. The show as a
whole Is worth seeing.
The melodramatic element of our thea
aters had a great old time at the Alham
bra last evening, when "In Old Ken
tucky " brought reminiscences of the good
times at the Howard-street temple of art.
The gallery k»kN held high carnival
and punctuated particularly enthusiastic
Dasagas with that unearthly noise so
uenr to the actors' ears. If any one got
his moneys worth It was the gallery god.
From a melodramatic standpoint the per
formance was exquisite. There was plenty
of blood and thunder and some clever
epecialtles. The realism was adhered to,
even as to the introduction of real live
horses. Verllv Morosco's old stand-bys
have at last round a theater after their
own heart, and they will prove their
faithfulness to their favorite plays by
crowding the Alhamb'ra all of tnis week.
The Orpheum bill is very attractive this
week. Ryan and Rltchfleld are exceed
ingly amusing in their funny sketch.
"The Lunatic's Hall." and Cora Stuart
and A Kearney appear in a very
g fan*- entitled "The Fair Eques
trienne." Little Mlgnon Is a tot who sings
Ishlngly well and dances still more
gracefully. Rice and Elmer bring down
the hou.«e with their grotesque comedy
an.l acrobatic slietch. "A Rube's Visit to
Chinatown." But the star of them all Is
Cornllle, whose popularity seems to know
.'.uls this week. The more you listen
t" i!.ls (.'lever singer the more you are
obliged to a.lmire her. The lines of her
pong are pictured In her brilliant eyes
and her fetching Intonation. No one who
ddisrhts In a really clever vaudeville turn
should miss to hear Cnrnllle.
ALFRKD MRTZGER.
SOLDIERS RUN AMUCK.
Intoxicated Members of the Fortieth
Battle With the Police.
Two soldiers of the Fortieth Regiment
rnn amuck last night on Dupont str>-t-t
;n:d Inf. .r<' they could be landed in the
-ration an Inof
!ud received a severs
beating and .> crowd of several hundred
treated to a miniature
repetition of the battle of Pine street hill,
in wl.. ■ and police officers j
■ KO.
Th- soldiers were T. A. Grannan of
Company A and Q. M. Inperaoll of Com
th itarted "n a r;inxpaK*' about
lv o clock and wound up their mip<-hief by !
I . • unm.'m, wn<j happened to
• i.«. Officer Kdwards attempted to
arrest th«- ;>air. hut they showed liKht.
With the assistance of Officers Gelnann
and HalneS) ESdwards loaded them Into a
patrol wagon.
HIS WOUNDS NOT FATAL.
James Ferris, Who Attempted to
Murder Charles Cuddy, Will
Recover.
James Ferris, an opium "fiend" who
attempted Saturday evening to murder
! James Cuddy, bartender In Charles John
son's saloon, "4.: Howard street, and was
seriously wounded by Cuddy, was resting
easy yesterday at the Receiving Hospital,
and the doctors thought he would recover
from his wounds.
The police are satisfied that Ferris' sole
reason for shooting at Cuddy was be
cause Cuddy had secured the position he
occupied. It is thought that if Johnson
had been in the saloon at the time Ferris
would have made the attempt upon him.
ns he had threaten* I to gel even with
Johnson for discharging him. The proba
bility is that the charge -of assault to
murder against Cuddy will be dismissed,
i as he shot in self-defense.
Lecture by Father Newell.
]{.-v Katlior Nrw»-ll <>f the Dominlcnn
fir'l.-r will lecture this evenlnc <at Young
[natltute Hall in th.^ Pioneer
hiiildinK- The affair will hr- ujkl.t the
iiusi>ices of Ignatius C.nirn!l («O. .15. The
subject selected by the lecturer is
"CathoUdaan. the only Tru.- Fnrm of
Uanlty." Brery person attending
ti.. lecture will i> ■ presented with ■ oopy
of the w<;rk entitled "Catholle Belief."
Washington Norton Dead.
Washington Norton, an old theatrical
manaKer, died last Thursday on his ranch
In Shasta County. The remains will be
Interred to-day at Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Among the numerous enterprises In which
tho deceased was at one time engaged was
the building and managing of the Opera
Comique Theater in London. He was also
the manager of Billy Emerson, the
famous minstrel.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
L Haseman, Montague W N Stone. Cal
j w Mitchell, Montagu ■ a Smith, Rochester
Mrs Klmball, S Rosa J C Fracer, Denver
J Wlllxon. Cal T Willis. cc a l
M F Dillon. Pt Costa It itagglo. Murphy
W Dollar. Col T Hnns. Grass Valley
,i T Mall, Fresno \v English. Vi^alia i
<; ii Gamble. Pinole , A W Baker. Cal
T Pels Novato F M Batter, Cal
C Beartea &w, Cal W T Lunlng, R Bluff
Mr • Mrs Haworth. H N I{Hiri«. Montana
Cal J" M Chittenden, Fresn
J Denny. Cal M » Miackelford. Cal
R Jans-en & w.Cal G Hood. Fountain
a J Holcomb. Cal B X Knight. S Crux
ii II Lunmden. 8 Rosa c Leldlgh. Ohio
C Richards. Cal J 1 1 Pattee. Miss -
\V Carruthers. Term J E Taylor, Miss
\V H Donahue. Cal W S Bell, Heald.«bur
R Hoffman. Martinez J T Ballhach. Cal !
C, R lAwrence. Cal F Helmke. Cal
.? Berryman, Cal <i Vennlgerhola. Idaho
W Alexander. Term ,J Poundstone. Grimes
C T Curry, Sacto |G Phillips, Sacto
C L Weiss. Cal C P Cole. St LouU
F Treskow. Cal F B Bond, Lakeport
1' II Not ware. Stanfd J J O'Rourke. Colusa
II C Ray, Visalla « J Hurl _ w Sacto
L Hart. B Jose " H V Sheets. Cal
Miss L Hart. 8 Jose W II Campbell. Nome
Miss N Hart. 8 Jose W Robertson. Nome
C-RJ3reenleaf»^al "A C cllmt>liel^c Ilmt>liel^ Vernon
PALACE HOTEL.
II J Small. ? a. • • Miss KUpatrlck. M V
Lieut Rucker. USA A Robinson, N V
Q yon Wedelstadt Cal S Meyer & w NY
A Hazelton. N "V G Moore, Illinois
II Macondray & w. Cal A Moore. Illinois
.i D Sproul. Chlco L Cox. Now rock
ii Morgan. I* Ang .i X Mackensle Chlcag
A i; Morrison, Boston E C Hopper, Ky
w Robinson. Mich •' l" Keeler, Cal
W Van Stooten. NY C 1' Braslan, Cal
U T Wild. New York A Peyton, Santa Cruz
\v Malone, V B V Mite B E^ytoa, S cms
A yon der Roaaop, Call J II Harbour, L, Ang
1- II Kenilllard. Oakld Mr- L Kaiser. ex
A J Stelnman. St Louis M Qonsalea & w. Guat
Miss M Byron. NT g Lewis. Stanford
W L Borreli, Chicago HJjCramble. Ky
B J Burke. Phlla F W Peck Jr. Chicago
H H Sloerer, Pa M de Vrles A w Cal
R Kllpatrick & w. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E Balllan & w. Seattle E Bentley Lo« Anir
M Elliott. San Andreas J Qulnn. Maryßvllle
J from. M I J Leldltch. Mt View
, II C Gambell. lowa H Swalm. Fresno •
T R Joy & w. Salinas A M Daly. ci . dale
M Adolph. San Jose B D Hurd, Uklah
B Fisher, Fresno A W Bowman. Colfax
C, A Delter. Loomls C Carlson. Modesto
J K#Holtnan. Seattle :F J Weld, San Jose ■
W L Whitney, Sacto T M Farnuj, Seattle
Weather Report.
OJOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. I»— 6 p. m.*
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those «>f same date last
season, and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations-^ 24 huurs. season, season.
Eureka 0.5J L 22 5.W
Red Bluff 0.18 6.77 I.M
Sacramento 0.04 «.3« i.50
San Francisco 0.09 6.07 Z. 16
Fresno 000 J 71 1.49
Independence 0.00 0.88 0 36
San Luis Obispo 0.00 4.H 0.(7
Los Angeles 0.00 I.M O.IS
San Dleg-o 0.00 1.14 007
Yuma 0.00 0.58 0.11
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.,
60; minimum, 66; mean, 68.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally partly cloudy weather prevails west
Of the Rocky Mountains and light showers have
occurred over Washington, Oregon, Northeast
ern California and Northern Nevada.
The pressure has rleen rapidly over the Pacific
Coast from San Francisco northward and fallen
slightly over Arizona. The lowest pressure is
reported from Northern Montana and the high
est from the Northern California coast.
The temperature has fallen along the Oregon
coast and remained nearly stationary in other
districts.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
California Monday. •
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. Novpmber 20. 1899 :
Northern California — Fair Monday; light
northwest wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Monday;
cooler In the interior; light northerly wind.
Nevada — Fair. eoolCT Monday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
Pan Francisco and vicinKy— Fair Monday;
light northwest wind. O. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hich and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Ean
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-fire minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER W.
Pun rises 6:M
Sun sets 4:'j
Moon rises 7:50 p. m.
Time Time 1 ITlme Time
£ i Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft. I ! Ft.
? H W L. W H W L, W
20... MS 4.« 6:3' J.I lJ:4l( 5.7 7:43 — O.«
21 ... 3:04 4.7 7:31 3.2 1:29 6.8| 8:32—0.2
22 ... 1:54 4.8 S:3s| 3.2 2:20 4.7 9:16 0.2
23 ... 4:4) 4.9 9:SO 3.0 3:17 4.1 10:00 0.(
24 ... 6:21 6.0 11:01 1.1 4:20 3.9 10:4" 1.0
2.'. ... 6:CO 5.1 12:10 ! 2.6 5:34 3.8 ll:'.9l 1.4
26 ... 6:3S 5.2 1:051 I.O 1 6:50' 3.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and th» last or right hand column gives the
lan tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are In addition to th» soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the m*>»n of the lower low waters
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Santa Rosa [Pan Diego Nor. 10
Kmplre Cooe Bay Nov. 20
Willamette Seattle Nov. 20
Newbunr 'Grays Harbor Nov. 2>l
Cleveland Seattle Nov. SO
Titanla Nanaltno Nov. SO
Arrata  Coos Bay Nov. 10
South Portland. Coos Bay Nov. 10
Albion Cape Nome Nov. 20
Grace D011ar.... Grays Harbor Nov. 20
State of Cal Portland Nov. 2\
Crescent City... [Crescent City Nov. 31
Cr>o« ny Newport Nov. 22
Wa»ht«>naw Tie .ma Nov. 22
Weeott IHumboldt Nov. 22
Wellington IDeparture Bay Nov. 22
San Main Nanalmn Nov. 22
Utnatllla Victoria * Puget Sound Nov. 23
Point Arena ...IPolnt Arena I Nov. II
Pomona. Hurnliol.lt [Nov. 23
Corona Pan Diego ....(Nov. .'i
On Sang China and Japan Nov. 25
Columbia Portland Nov. 28
Aberdeen Portland Nov. M
Orizaba iNewport ."INjv. 25
Samoa (Humboldt INov. 28
North Fork IHumboldt [Now 2«
Curacao J Mexico Nov. 27
I^ikme PuKet Sound No? 27
TO SAIL.
Steamer. i Destination. Sails. j Pier.
Orizaba .... Newport Nov. 20. 9am Pier 11
Pomona ,HumrnMt Nov. 20. 2 pm'Pler 9
Homer Coos Bay Nov. M, 12 mlPler*)
North ForklHumbolilt Nov. 21. SamPler 2
Aroata |Coo» Day Nov. 21, lOamlPler 1J
San Pedro.. j'Hutnboldt Nov. 21, IpmPtn I
Samoa JHumboldt Nov. 21. 10 am Pier 2
SAnta Roaa.jSan Im.ro Nov. 22. 11 am Pier 11
Walla Wall Vie & l'tct Sd. Nov. 22. lOamlPler a
Gr. Dollar..!Orays Harbor Nov. 22. 6rm
Newburtt ...'Cray? Harbor Nov. 21, 5 pm
Cleveland ...Puget Sound. Nov. 23. 10 am Pier 2
State of Gal Portland Nov. 24. 10 an: p •■
CoOs Bay... Newport Nov. 24, Sam Pl-r 11
.Nip. Maru . China A Japan Nov. 23, 1 pm'PMSS
Pt. Arena. .lPolnt Arena.. 'Nov. 25. 2 pmlPior I
Corona San Diego Nov. 28. 11 amiPler 11
Umatllla ■ Vie & Pet Pd.lNov. 27. 10 am Pier 9
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVRD.
Sunday. November 13.
Ptrr.r Mackinaw, Llttlefleld. ii hours from
Seattle.
Hr stmr Bristol. Mclntyre. S4 hours from De
parture Bay.
Stmr Whlte?boro, Olsen, 16% hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Colon, McKlnnon, 21 days B hours from
Panama and way ports.
Stmr Cleone, Walvlg. 16 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, S3 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 46 hours from Port Los
Ancelcs.
Oar ship Theodor. Arfmann. 233 days from
London, via Honolulu 20 days.
Haw bark R P Rlthet. McPhall, 17 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Mary C, Madsen, 9 hours from Fort
Rops.
Bohr Repeat. Olsen, 10 days from Wlllapa
Harbor.
«• hr Mlzpah. Owen, 12 day.s from Coqullle
SAILED.
Sunday, Noveml>er 19.
Ftmr Navnrr>. Hlrrtns. — .
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr A!<»x Duncan. Nopander. Amesport.
Stmr Sc tla. Jacbs. Rockport.
Stmr iu<(uille Rlv»r, Thompson. Grays Har
bor.
TKLKORAPHIC.
POINT Lnbos. Nov. 19. 10 p. m —Weather
cloudy, wind MfthWWt, velocity 16 mll»s.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Sailed Nor 18— Br ship Queen Victoria, for
London: Fir bark Woodburn. for Algoa Bay.
SAN PEDHO— Arrived Nov 19— Schr Serena
Thayer. from Eureka. - -..
TACOMA— Arrived Nov lie- Br ship Antlope,
from Honolulu.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Point
Arena., hence Nov 18.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nor Jap itmr Klnshut
Maru. from Yokohama-
Sailed Nov 19— Rtmr Willamette, for Ban
Francisco: «chr Hera, for Honolulu.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Nov 15— Schr Hono
lpu. for Launceston; schr Charles E Falk, for
San Francisco. •
PORT HA DLOCK— Arrived Nov 19— Bktne
Katie Flleklnger, hence November 11.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov IS— Stmr Washtenaw.
hence Nov 14. Nov 19— fir stmr City of Dublin,
from Yokohama; Br ship Clan McPherson. from
Port Los Angeles.
— PORT GAMBLE- Salted Nor 19— Schr Robert
Searies. for Port Pi He.
NEWPORT— PaIIed Nov 19— Stmrs Sequoia
and Alice Blanchard. for San Francisco.
REDONDO— SaiIed Nov 19-Stmr San Pedro,
for San Francisco.
■ PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov IS— Schr
Compeer, from Osakl; echr Marion, from Ta
coma: .«tmr I.*iknie, hence Nov 14.
In bay. bound out— Per bark Jnpnn. for Guay
aquil: schr Robert Lowers, from Port Ludlow.
for Honolulu.
SAN DlEOO— Arrlwd Nov 19— Bktne Port
land, from New Whnt. m
mi:m< iKA.vniM.
Per Hr utmr. Bristol— Nor, 16. at 10:30 a. m..
passed the wreck of the bktne .lane A Falken
burg off Cape Elizabeth.
Per Ocr ship Theodor— Sept 3. In lat 19 25 N.
lon* 116 2» W. had a heavy northwest sale, last-
Ing. 48 hours.. Carried away the, fore topmast,
fore topgallant mast, main topgallant mast and
everything attached. Put Into Honolulu Sept
28 for repairs. Repaired and sailed from Hon
olulu Oct SI.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK- Arrived Nov 19 Stmr La Bre
taajn*. from Havre, utmr Norge, from Copen
hagen, rt.-
Sailed Nov 19— 8tmr Statendam. for Rotter
dam.
QI'EKNBTOWN— SaiIed Nov 1»- Itmr Campa
nia, from Liverpool, for New York.
AUCTION SALES
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION S»LE.
$2* fe* __S>
* TO-MORROW.
Tuesday November 11. st 11 o'clock
At Ormonde Sale Stable. 1617 Mission St..
Of choice, well-broken horses, direct from the
country. I take pleasure In shewing this. stock
Id harness any time up to day of sale.
3. WATKIXS. Auctioneer.
OCEAN TRAVEL. j
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
** , Steamers , leave Broadway
B^bj^^ wharf. Pan Francisco:
laßßMfck Fcr Alaskan port". 19 a.
iaV^9aa> m - Nov -*•7-»•"• »• r
< kS. SfinSl Dee. *• chancs at Seattle.
\ HGHi&S% Ifel For Victoria. Vnncyiur»r
1 SaaVa^^l ' B C). Port To-xn»nd. «•■
I'^^^BsSsSli attle. Tacoma. F.ver-tt. As-
~*4_^n acortes and New Whatconi
(Wash.). 10 a. m., Not. 1 7.
12. 17. 22. 27: Deo. 1 and
•▼err fifth day thereafter; chance at Seattl*
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
0. N. Ry.: st Tacoma to K. P. Ry.; at Vaa-
couTer to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humholdt Bay>. 2 p. m . Not.
1. 10. It. 20, 25. 20; Dec. 5. and every fifth day
thereafter. >
For Santa Out. Monterey, Ban fllm^on.
raruoos. Port Harford (Pan Luis OblnpoK
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
Pan Pedro. East Ban Pedro (Los An»r»le!O and
Newport. » a. m.. Not. 4. «. 12. I*. 25. 24. 21:
Dee. 2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dleco, stopplnc only at Port Hsr-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angel's and Redonflo (L*>s Anjreles). 11 a.
m.. Nov. 2. I. 10. 14. 1« 22. 2«. 20; Dec 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada. Mairdalena Pay. Fan Jose del
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Pa«. Santa Rosa-
Ha and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m . Tth of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The fflmrwy re^erre* the rlfM tn eh«nc«
without prevtoun notice, steamers, salllnf date*
"TICKET" OFFICE-4 New Montcomery
TICKET OFFICK-4 New Montcoraery
street (Palace Hotel).
OOODALL. PTTtTCINP * CO.. Oen. A»t"
10 Market nt.. Pan FraneNco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
■ DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-»treet Wharf at 10 a. m
FARC * 12 First Claaa Including Bert*
rAtIL S3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Nov. * *
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Nor. 24
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Throuch .tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. O»n»ral Agent.
«30 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
nzvr tors. Southampton, LONDON. PARH
Ptopplnic at Cherbourß. westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul Nov. S St. Louis Dee. \J
St. Louis Nov. 22 St. Paul Dec. 17
St. Paul Dec • New York Jan. 1
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Ancwero.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Friesland Nov. ?|Ken*lnir,tnn Nov. 23
Southwark Nov. 1.". '. Noordlan_ Deo. •
Westernland ...Nov. 22|Frleeland Dec. IS
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
. passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
20 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlcgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
1 of sailing.
NIPPON-MARU Saturday. Nov. 23
AMERICA-aIARU Thursday, Dec. 21
HONGKONG-MARU Tuesday. Jan. II
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply nt company's office,
411 Market street, corner First. •
W. H. AVKRY. General Ag*nt.
fSH-iCHl&a^ 8- S. Alameda sails
ar^UJllVnli via Honolulu and
aW J»V^B • J s> *'"" * Auckland for Sydney
■ rjsJ KM -— »^ Wednesday, Nov. •»,
ft iaSfffOi.^lT^ :i- ! : ■
iNftnmchinJ The S. S. Australia
VSxiZfe% CyiWllUllil/^ M ii, f Or Honolulu
W (CpftWll* Wednesday. Dec IX
at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Fa. oa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez.
i England, etc. ; $610 first class.
1. v. orrfcCK-LS « bAUS. CO.. Aqts.. 114 Mantgomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St FraiaMOlkC W> Market St.
COMPAGKIE GENERALS TUANSATLANTIQCE '
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ji^i^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <_JJ_JN
Saturday, from November 2. ISM. at *TT s -*
10 a. m.. from Pier 45. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA NORMANPIE. Nov. 16; LA
GASCOGNE. Nov. 13; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
30: LA BRETAGNE. Dee. 7. First-class to
Havre, 160 and upward; I per cent reduction on
round trip. Second-class to Havre. H.*: 5 per
cent reduction ■ n round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOTt UNITED STATES AND CANA-
DA. SI Broadway (HcJaon building). New York.
J. F. FUGAZI Si CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 1
I Montgomery aye.. Pan Franrl*co.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "»Montlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Eat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:1.'.. 5.30 p. in. (••«. Thurs. night), Fri-
days. 1 p. 1:1 and S::0; Sundays. 10:33 a. m . 1
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
IMer No. 2. Telephone Main 13CS.
FARE SOc
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
i $ * i DA^2T' 7:30 ' ' U:o ° •- Hi! U:M.
•;*• 5 .i, '*°JP m Thursdays— Extra trl»
«L i?°»?- m - Saturday"— trips at 1:M
«nd 11 :m d. m
B V>iPAYS-S:CO. 9:30 « 11:0 a. m.; 1:30. 1:3«.
6:00. «:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO RAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATB 1 • •. ; M, »:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:45,
S: ; 0. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
Iw and 6 3.'. p. m.
BUNDAYB— B:IO, »:40, 11:10 a. m. : 1:40. 1:40. 5:05.
• :25 D. m.
Between San Fiandsco and Bchuetten Park
same schedule, as above.
I?'"' I Arrive *
San Francisco. In Efr<»ct San Francisco.
> I October 15. 1 1
Week ■ Sun- ISM. Sun- Week
Days. ■ days. ( Destination days. Days.
7:10 am S:«oam Novato. i 10:4) am 8:49 am
1:30 pm »:Soam PeUluma. 1:01 cm 10:15 ara
1:10 pm 6:00 pmi Santa, Rosa. 7.36 pro 8:22 pm
Fulton,
1:20 am Windsor. 10:2} tn
Healdsburc
Lytton.
Gey««nrllle,
>!30ptn 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:28 prn 1:21 pea
1:80 am Hopland and
1:00 am Uklah. 7:23 pm| C:22 pa
7:30 am 10.25 am
8:00 am' OuernevllU. 7:25 pm
1:30 pro - 1:23 pm
7:JO am 1:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 1:40 am
and
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 1:23 pm
7: JO am 8:00 am Bebastopol. 10:40 am 10:23 am
1:30 pm 6:00 pm ' 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
'. Stages connect at Bants R^oea for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Oeys«-rvl!l» for dScsgM
Bprings; at Ckverdale for the Oev»ers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelsayvllle. Carlsbad springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartl*tt Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Ulue Lakes, Laurel
I>ell Lake, Wltt«r Bnrtngs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's,
Bucknells. Saahedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr*a
Hot Springs, Mendocino Clfy. Fort Brngr,
Westport. Usal, Wlllltts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlng s. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen'a, Dyer,
Bectla and Eureka. \ .
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday rou^l trio tickets to all polnla
'beyond San Rafael at half rates.
; ' Ticket Offices, Co* Market st. Chronicle bid*.
JL C .WHITINO, R. X. RYAN
Oeneral Manager- Qua. Pass. Agent.
S Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
' ;2 KABIfT * T - K«abltahed
M In lH4 for the treatment of Private
a Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
DM «'iTf *^,w, w ''" r1I1 «. o . u body and mln^ id
m Skin Mm b l'he<loctof cures
M others fail try him. Charges low
■ r .. ■ - 1 inters. Callorwrtta.
Or. J. t.tiIBKOA ii»x 19S7.San Franc-ca
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Fly Across
the Continent
ON THE
OVERLAND
LIMITED
LEAVES
SAN FRANCISCO gfltf
AHMVE9
CHICAGO •»■•-* *»«•!.
...71 Hours
An EJffVmt Soli ! Vestibukd Tnin of
Composite Car, with Library, Smoking
1 Parlor, Butter, etc. Luxurious Double
! Drawing-rojm Sleepiox Car*, Dining
Car.
Also through Dr.iwinjj-ro^m Car anJ
j D'ner for Denver via Salt Lake Ciiy.
THE OWL LIMITED from Soutnern
l Cilifornn connects with the Overland
Limited at Port Costa.
Prompt connections at Denver, Omaha
and Chicago with limited trains lor other
Eastern cities.
THE FASTEST OVERLAND service
in the history of transcontinental rail-
roading.
For folders and more complete Infor-
mation call at Southern Pacific Passen-
ger Office.
MIITIII-RH !•**! Jld-fOHPI.IT.
(IMfirn: HINTEM.)
Trains !«■•»»«• an.l «*r«« tin* It. nrrlfo its
has I'U >« IS« «
(Main Llr«. Foot of Market Street.)
UATI — Fr.'lVl .N'IiVtKMK 15. 1333. — ASKtva
•7:O«» I:- aid*, Suliun and Sacramento.... *?>!3p
•7 too a M..rjs»llie. <>roil:Io via Woo-!l»ml.
El'klra. Vinvllleanfl Rams 7... •7»-«ap
•7:«O» Eh-iU EiDfrso-buTls. WUlowi,
Bel r.luff Furtlacd . It43r
*7i3Oa Maitlnez, -a:; Ramon. Vallejo. Nss*,
C»llJtfC» au.l Haota lioca *Gil3r
•a t 3OA Tb" OTsrlsoil l.ir.-I'e .l-0,-Jea. Deo-
tot. Om»h_ GUess # 3«13p
•BiUOa S»ti Jote, Mfcrinure. Htoektnn,
lone, S»CT»n, • PlscrnlUe,
M*rj*tl.K il'on, I'r.l r.'urr Milflr
•■»::»<>» "Milfoil. Uak<Ulean>l Sonera -11.
•9:<i<»» HsTWSfiis :-.: m.-A W. ywutj..t!!t. »l I:l.}*
•»:««( A is: -i li; r--« ■• ■. .m ami Kut •l»il*»*
*V:UWa Mar ii Trey. i_U>rup, tttoefcton,
Mcrcmi&iKlKrcfno M«:l3r
••:«»«»» Tort Costa, Kretuo. Mrjat* a. ..1 1.i.»
Amp . •0:«3r
•lOiOOi \«;ij . Mar-in. • ami Wajr nutlotn *0:l3p
•1 1:OO.\ lU>vTir.i.r Nile* ami Way Statloua. *2il3r
•I»:O«M Nile a, Ufernioro, S'.c,c P «» ,n. lUeri-
m.-uto, MendotA, ll—atottl. Vi ..Ik,
I'crteMiU* »lii.lr
tl:OOr Riieraroeuto ItlicrSteamrn «VUOr
•:i:OOr Haj-arda, Nile* and Way (Jtatlosi. *ai I3r
> ■4i»ttr Martinet, Han lUinnn, v aii«Jo,
N» ; . CalNtnia. aata it.«« •»il»4
*4i»er B*nicla, V»a»ni!e. Haeramento^
Woodland. KiilshU <^u<:ii>K.
Martsrillo, Oi itiils •••*•»*
Nils*. Kan. l Stockton *7il3r
•3iOOpTho Owl Lin.it !- • Freiao.
Bakenael.l. Hi:i;-ii for rtanta lUr-
bar*. Ljs Angeles...... MH49a
•»:3Oi- Stockton, M«ree<l, t'reino .. # iail3p
•3>3opr>eaiio, lisktisfia I. HanU Rait>ara,
hem Angele*. I) i lng. El I'wo.
Orlesus sn.l Rasl •«i«» 4
•3ia»r Hant» Km ICniilo— Allaiilta Eip>f«a
(or Jlnlim and Kant *Btl.lp
•6:OOp IJ*)irai.l*. Nilessixl.^u Juao '■ «>»
10i:tOr Vallel.. •!«»!. "Jp
Oriental MaU-Ogtleo and East •*.*•*
{TiOOp ValKJa, Port CosU and Way (;'.».
Usaa :»:.v»p
•l:»3rti[-|.muJ «'alif r .-••» KUpfass
(.tuieiitu. Klai)i<ll!c. Kc<t<liut,
P..rtl»n.l. rng>t S ... .1 ■. .■■> K«»t *ai!5A
COAST UIVIsION (Narrotr <;an«»).
(Foot nt llukct frrmt.) .
•81 1» A NcTTark.t>i,t.rtl:l.-,M»n.lo3o, Kilton. ~
liouldcrCn ck,Mau!»C'risxand Way
HUUnna •3:1»p
t2il3p Kewark. i'enUtfllle. Han Jnae, New
Alnv.ilrii. Celton. IS.niMrr «'r- >■'*.
rt i:i*.a I'm.? an 1 l'rlnci|>al Way
Hutlooa ?..... tios.l«a
•Ixisr rrewark. H«n .1 *-, Los Carol •«:-■<, a
1 1 I : I r> !■ Hauls' Bscafsim ."•u Ju«o •nd
I WayHtatluu.t 17i20p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Frt-SIX raiSCISCO— f*% t' Isrktl 5u.-.: (i:: 3 —
•7:16 900 I1<»m.«. |I:J3 »2:C3 13:3
•t:: j::: •CC3r.u.
fr»BjU4IUSD--roil»'Bi.nl«if. — T/O MOO 10:00*. M.
i tia.eo »i :: t3:C3 «3.:3 HX3 'SiCJr.M.
COAST 111 VISION inroad Usage).
(Third nnd I owner ..I St*)
tti: lo* Ocean View. Houtb .- *n Vmtcbco., .. ..,'r
*?:<MIA Ma 1 Jim. and Way St . i. 1.1 »:,i -
A hn *il ii Wednendajs only) *l:3Up
•i»iOO» S*n Jnae. Tft PI nor Hmto Onob
Fa. 1 til ■.Tl-. |*mo llni.lm. >ian
I.nia (il.iij..i, Hurf. I.'O;; .< and
I'rineipal Way (Statin,* ■«!■•»
•lOiIO* - .!■„•• mi I Wny.--t.iii.-iTi *0:£34
•I l:::o» Hin J.«a and Way Station* . *St3Ur
fJi <r.i- hin iUt-o. llrd-ood. Mrolu Park.
Paid Alto. Han to l.'lara, fianJuim,
Tres Pli.i" Hanta run. Ballaaa,
Monteroy and Paclflo Cirors 110:^0^
f^:nnpSanJn*eaiid Way HUtlona *7iaop
f I»l3r SanJi-aeaiidPrlrictral WayHlatlont *!>:I3«
t-"i:»OpS.»;iJr.scaii'H'rinci;ul Wiy .-i.i»:.>::j •!):(»<•»
*.">:Uftr 5-.ni .!..».. an i I*rincii.al Way .Station* *fe33*
•<i::»>i 8s Joasaud Way.Vtatl.nia t<t:«t«A
611t13r Sail Joormnl War ■'Statlimi *7j3Op
A fur Morning. 1' fnr Allarnouu.
•Daily. tSiii.Uifirp.-,.' '. handay «.n!y.
'• Safnr '->t «m'T.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
The fastest train, runnlnc 0%-er the best raft*
road, with the htfheat r!i<« accommodation*.
; Conneetlnc train leaves San Francisco at
i 8:C0 p. n.
MONDAY. WrDMESDAY. FRIDAY BAT32DIT.
Arriving In Chicago at 2.'.~ p. ra.
FRIDAY. SCNDaT. IVM9AT W£DSIaDAT.
lOVERLAND EXPRESS
j Ev«rr day In the year. Pullman Talae* anJ
i Upholmrred Tourlut • arm l-iv- Oakland V. -l-
for Denver, Kansaa City, Chicago and the- East
' 6:S» p. m.
vaTley ROAD
! Del— «en Strokton. Fre«r,o, Hanford, Vlaalla,
Tula- and - T«flel«l. furnishes good local
train M-rvlce.
Ban Francl»<"O office. M Market !>t., telephone
Main ISII.
On k la rul office. 111J Brc.-».livrty.
Sacnunento of fir*. M J. afreet.
San Jose oftlce, 7 VN'»st Santa Clara street. .
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Bamaalita r«rry.
<""rrnmer- October I. i«»
FHOM FAN FnANCISCO TO MIU/VALUSt
AND BAN ItAFAKL. «»-- c -«
i •i-.Vi. 6:IS. I'M, 6:JO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS- y Mill vv a i| c - an( i {;„, 8% .
fael. on Monday*. Wedneidy-a and
at J:W and 11:*) p. id.
BUNPATS • -l ni:3o s tn. ■ 1 la,
• •It. •«:«. «:!0. 9:60 jf m.
Train* marked »•) run to San Quenttn
FHOM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN KKAX CISCO.
WEEK DAYS-G:IS. .^33. ; :4 j, j
•11:30. J:l3. •!:«. -3:11 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday's. Wednesday* ar.4
Fattn ! nt 6:»o and lfl:I.» p. m. • .
SI'NDAYa— «;M. »S:0O. •W.CO. 11:41 a. m.l
; •»:«, '.a:l5. *:«. N:JO p. m.
Train* marked I*l atart from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO aAN FKAKCI-CO.
WEEK DATS— ' I" «:«. 7:K. »:« a. m j
K:»5 I:3S. 8:43. i:» p. m
I EXTRA TRIPS en Monday*. Wednesday* as
' iaturla>- at TOO and 10. 20 p. m.
j -UNI-.XY_-8:06. lOCS a m.; 12 ■», SIS. 3 JS.
l:C0. CO p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:00 a. m. week days— Caiadero and war ststtons.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and —ay stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomalea and way aUtlona.
I MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via S-usailta Kerry.
Week Dsya— a m. and I 46 p. m.
Sunday*— 1:00. 10:00 a. m and 1:15 p. m
Steam-heated, closed car on all trains.
Fare— Ban Francisco to Summit and lUtura,
U 40.
910
NED RILEY WILL
BE INDICTED BY
THE GRAND JURY
Straw-Bond Scandal
Revived.
HE MAY BE ARRESTED TO-DAY
POLICE HAVE LOCATED HIM
NEAR FRESNO.
Jury Has Been Problßg Into the
"Strangler" Wilson Case and Has
Decided That the Offenders
Should Be Punished.
Ned nilcy. the «»x-dcj»uty Sheriff, who
was mixed up with ex-Police Court Clerk
Tommy KelUy In the straw-bond pcan
dal. Is to In* indicted by the Grand Jury.
An ot!ir*-r has already boon t-ent ti> Fresno
ti> lucato him. und it Is expected that he
will !■<• on Ills way back to the scenes of
Lis troubles iK'li'rc to-night.
KlloyV %vhcr.'uWu*# -»ln»-w h" left San
Franilsco ha* been a matter of specula
tion. tna\ fur that reason the fact that the
Grand Jury was Investigating his cape
w kept a profound McrcL. Word was
lia*>e<l, however, from the jury room
lo the Police l>«-purtnient that lilley was
R want M, and with the word went the hint
that tut soon as tie waa located und In the
clutches of an oXUcvr the jury would do
the rest.
It wa« feared that If the indictment was
brought before lilley was apprehended It
might leak «>ut and he would make the
most of the Information by increasing the
distance between himself and the San
Francisco authorities. The police have
l««n on th«* lookout for information con
cerning Klley for mmc time, and yester
day leurnrd that ho was in the nelghbor
hiK>d of Fresno, where he will be arrested
to-day.
The Grand Jury will meet next Thurs
day, when, if everything is in proper
t-hape\ a true hill will be brought against
ltiley. If. however, he should object to
remaining in the custody of the police
until then a Fpecl.nl session will bf called
to accommodate him.
This Is nut the lirst time that Riley has
had experience with grand Juries In con
nect inn with the same case. The last
Grand Jury was dangerously near the in
dicting point, but a political pull wan
brought t<< bear nnd the disaster was
averted. Hiley was given time to make
himstlf scarci- and had not been heard of
since until The police located him yester
day. Tills time he is di-allng with a Jury
that may not bo led astray by the "pull."
The case which was the undoing of
Hll.y. forced Clerk Kt-11. y into disgrace
nnd gave Attorney J. N. E. Wilson con
siderable uneasiness was that of
"StrangJer" Wilson. Wilson was released
from jail on bonds with Kilev and At- ]
tcrney Wilson aa sureties. The bonds 1
were approved by Kelley. who was cog
nizant of the fart that Rlley was not |
worth the amount for which he qualltled 1
I und was well aware that the bonds hard
ly approached the materiality of straw.
The defendant lost no time in getting out
of town and <!M not appear for trial. He
was capttirod later at Santa Cruz and
brought ha.-k to this city. Before his
<-as»» was heard in court he made a full
Mntf-mcnt of the method* of the straw
bond gjtng. His confession led to the
breaking up. to a certain degree, of the
practices.
FORTY ORPHANS BAPTIZED.
Bert Parrlah Receives Int3
lurch Waifs From the
Protestant Institutions.
*
■
■
■
■
■ ■
■'■■
■
■
■
■
■
Nurwry ' hllrtn-n-Ethel Gllr^y. Haxri Nolan
Wile IVtrrn. John Stingier. Franrls Ste.lham.
I>onard Norton. Oeorßle Meoxy. Ilevllla .Mlnc-
Ban Ftanrluro Trot^ntant 'ttrhan Anylum—
Unri>ln <;.•<,!-»;<• rwwr. KllzaU-th Meyer. Flnr
*nre Mtlntyr.-. Bra Mrlntyrr. William Un<i»r
Ar.lta Under. lMlth loatla. olive J'^lin. E.lna
J'^lln. «laritir<» Ilnuklnr. Stanley K4»rar Will-
Jtmh'Ti. i:j»ln Flfh»T. John IVteraon. William
I>t<-r»«on. rr M irl«^ iVterson. Frank Ilonlcke
M>Tnn Alt-^n I>ay. Hnrrx- l^jrcn^ r»ay Jam<^
Carlton <'c«.k. Oarli-sn r.Kkk. William Hale
TV-rt lisle. f»mlV Inura. 1t"wl Inirn, Vln'vnt
TFura. «;«>,,rp«» Kranrln Farley. Emily ItM>d,
VtTfV !tf«-d.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FACE&HEAD
COVERED WITH SCALES
Shed a Tablespoonful at Night.
Hair Full of White Scabs. Offer
SIOO for Cure. Friend Suggests
CUTICURA REMEDIES. Tries
Them 2nd is Cured.
Lot •Dtantrr I hod ouu.;<itajr, — a mas and ) '.■
wife. The taaa'a b&ndi »ud face had dry, acaly
•ore* oa then* aod bU bead »ua c vr red with
tbe aarar, bU bair bcl&^fullof thoMin-bite —a lea
cr»c*l>«. UU wife «aiil, "Some tnornicgi tba
»m;!! find 1. ■ *;>"inful or more of them In
tbe 1*4." I a»ked L.in what ailed him, ai.<i be
replied •* that be ltd not know.* "V. I y don't
70s core vr r.r»> .'. ':" " I would plve a hundred
dollar* to be rurrd. I ha\e Paid out a lot of
tu> My, but dou't pet cured," be «aid. Well, I
told him " I would csre bina for lean than that,"
and told Mm to pettbeCtTicxnA rrtaedic* and
he would be cured. A» be *v living in Urlitol.
Vt., I did not m* him for tome time after, and
thrn be fairly abouted to me: "I am cured.
Cmc-fKA baa don* It. Tb* Lord bleaa you and
Crncviu." lisa. HARAII K. MIX
Feb. 27, IMS. Lincoln, Add- m Co., Vt.
TEHER CURED BY CUTICURA
I had Tatter on my bandi for two yrara. My
banda were all cracked to ■•.-•■•, and tied to
dat I could nut decently dreaa niyaelf, and they
Itched terr I tried everything, but nothing
fieemedtodoraeaeyffood. ) 'tried the • t: DBA
remedlea and they no lnoc*r bother me at all.
BALLIB K. CO I'LL A .VI), Woodland, M.C
Bcrpt. IT, 1888.
CUTICURA
Begin* with the Blood and End* with
The Skin and Scalp.
Tfcat li to lay, CrTK Re»m.t«itt. rreatett
of blood purtStrt and humor eznrller*, purifies
the blood and rircalatlnf fluid* < ( Hc*o» Gsmiia,
and Ihui remoTM the came, while warm batht
with ('VTtcvtk Boat, and rentle anolotlnf* with
Cctzctka (ointment), great e*t of emollient akin
cm, elea&M tl>e akin and scalp of enwu ar.d
scales, allay ltchlnc. burning, and lcflammatii
sootne and seal. Tbns are rpeedlly, permanently,
and economically cored theme*t tcrtnrlo*. <I>a-
t c ur : r ir humors of thc«kln,er«ip, and blood, with
loss of tali, when all other remedies fall.
fold tkioMiMMri ttt wr>rid. form Ti.iwt> C. C*b»,
SoU Vrtii*., Bitten. **HowtoCnra Ail Uuwen."trm.
FAOE HUMORB^«V^^SS;
FROM A UNITED STATES
MONITOR TO A COLLIER
COMMANDER OF
MISSION ARMY
UNDER A CLOUD
Pronounced a Relig-
ious Grafter.
SERIOUS CHARGES ARE MADE
POLICE ASKED TO INVESTIGATE
HIS METHODS.
Women of His "Army" Add a Chapter
to the Ssries of Offenses That
Have Punctuated His Ca
reer in This City.
A. V. mnnii
«r of th>- "Union Mission Army" im«l tho
:.ah Dearly • the Un
• > ranee ar..:
trail. The pea« ■••
year!< ■ ::;.i:. !• r ' uslnK
A -
thf rhar^ the police
■
■.mi eommltttna.
law.
The headquarters of Moore's "army"
has l>een changed almost as oft«-n as the
... became due ••. landlord refused
to be Jollied by a promise of getting his
reward In the next world. First It was on
HayvH stre»-t. where tho commander was
accused of attempting not only to bunko
th<* landlord out of the rent, but of an ef
fort to scoop all of th- furniture. Arrests
followed from this bit of enterprise.
The next move was to Mission street,
where Commander Moore wa.« arrested
for attempting to bite the arm off of a
doctor who vl«lt«-d him In an endeavor to
collect a bill for medical services. This di
version cost Moore no.
Now the "army" and Its erratic "com
mander" are making their headquarters at
4 Manning place, a cul do sac running on*
Eighth street, between Market and Mis
TO BE QUIETLY WEDDED
AT THE BRIDE'S HOME
GEORGE F. HEUER and Miss
Caddy Brennon will be married
at the homo of the bride. 2622
Oough (street. Wednesday even-
Ing at 8 o'clock. Only the immediate
relatives of the contracting parties
will he present at the ceremony,
■which will be performed by Rev.
Father McAullffe of St. Brlgld's
Church.
Charles M. Ynten Jr. mill bo best
man and th« bridesmaid will be MI»o
Dorrla Haver, sinter of the groom.
The young; couple will rm Joined In the
bonds of w*«ll(irk under a hugs wed
dlns; bell made of choice flowrrn. The
bride will he given away by her
father, J. C. Oronnon, a retired mer
chant of th!« city. After the nuptial
knot has been tied tho wedding |ruc«t«
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1899.
■lon, and It In for acts committed at this
place that Moore Is liable to get Into his
moK BerioUH dllflculty.
The privates of his army havo lately
awakened to the belief that they have
been most beautifully and artistically
gulled. The Union Mission, which Is the
main graft of the army, deals In meals
and lodgings at cut rate prices. Moore
has worked upon the sympathy of a num
ber of merchants, who have been contrib
uting much of the provender he has been
disposing of at army headquarters. That
was all right, but when the privates
learned that their commander in chief had
been selling in- . 1 1 tickets and pocketing
the proceeds, without turning it Into the
general fund, thero was a howl followed
by a mutiny.
With his army gone Moore -was almost
out of business and to save himself tried
to recruit a new force. The following no
tice was posted on the front door of the
headquarters:
Evangelical workers wantln* work In pom*
organization apply to 4 Manning jilace. Fifty
■workers needed who are willing to WOT* on the
army lines. A. W. MOORB
Among those who were lured by the an
nouncement were Mrs*. Frankle Mosey
und Mrs. Hauschildt of 20 Ninth street,
and it la the complaints thai they make
that have prompted the present police in
vestigation. They describe In detail the
most horrible »>ccurrences in the army
headquarters, which. if their statements
are correct, stamp Moore as a moral de
generate who is not a safe person to be
at large In a decent community. The sto
ries told by these women are too frightful
in pome details to appear In print. Th-
claim that Moore is a human monster who
has thrived by preying on the gullible,
and will not hesitate at any offense to
gain his ends. From what they say It is
l<anKd that the man expects to be ar
rested it any time, but does not fear the
force or effect of the law. He boasts of
the fact that he has accumulated enough
money from his peculations to clear him :
of any charge that the police may bring
against him.
Moore has a lice record In Oregon and
In some places In this State.
Pictures and Frames.
Th<» ru-w i>ioturcs and framea <in exhibi
tion no ' mtifh attention and find
!!.. i [aran :.\ . - utd TalM r-
Panela ar«- In m«irc d. mand
: ill th;ui ever before. The \v.it>T
Color Palnl ala in Florentine
very pretty ;m<l mnilcr
price. Visitors entirely welcome t.>
nur .irt n ill. ry •:i II 1 .' •■ >r. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., Til sfarket street •
"Jesus the Jew."
Henry AWinstork delivered a lecture
last nlsht at the Second Unitarian
Church. Capp and Twentieth streets.
The speaker was Introduced to the largo
congregation by the pastor, Rev. J. A.
Wells. He spoke for three-quarters of
an hour on th'- founder of the Christian
faith, and the close attention with which
his auditors followed him proved their
Interest In his discourse.
•will enjoy a sumptuous repast, and
at Its conclusion the newly made
husband and wife will depart for the
southern part of the State. On their
return to the city two weeks later
Mr. and Mrs. Heuer. will establish
themselves at the Hotel Oliver, and In
a few months will go to housekeeping
Miss Caddy Brennon Is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. J. .C. Brennon
and Is an accomplished planlate, al
though she has never exhibited her
talents In public. Mr. Heuer Is the
son of Mrs. Dorrls Heuer of 2117
Taylor street and the brother of Mrs.
Alvlna Heuer Wilson, whose beauti
ful soprano voice has been heard nt
numerous concerts for charity in
this city. Mr. Heuer la chief clerk
of the fire Insurance department with
the firm of Gutto A Frank, and Is
also a member of California Lodjjo
No. 1, F. and A. M.
THE old monitor C"amanchA mad©
her first trip on the bay yesterday
as a collier. She was loaded with
black diamonds and towed over
to Oakland Creek. Strange to say, she
made her new departure within a
stone's throw of the place where she
made her debut as a United States
monitor more than thirty years ago.
The Camanche was built in Jersey
City by Peter Donahue-«f San Fran
cisco. H. Ryan, a pioneer of Humboldt
County, and Mr. Secor of New Jersey
in IM2. The parts were put together
temporarily, and then, when every
thing was seen to fit. they were taken
apart and loaded on the ship Aqullla,
The vessel arrived in San Francisco
November 10, 1563. and was docked at
Harrison-street wharf. A southeaster
came up and the Aqullla was sunk at
her moorings. Divers were sent out
from New York and the vessel was
raised. After that the parts of the
Camanche were taken to ■''■ place on
Berry street, between Third and
Fourth, and there put together. The
launching of the monitor was a public
holiday, and Miss Nellie Maguire, a
relative of Peter Donahue, christened
the vessel.
The launching of the collier Ca
manche was attended without any
ceremony. Her machinery, guns, tur
rets and armor were removed at the
Union Iron Works and in Oakland
Creek, and hoisting machinery put in
their place. As soon as the alterations
had been completed th« collier went
nt once Into commission.
FATHER YORKE
IN THE PULPIT
OF ST. PETER'S
Old Pastor Welcomes
the New.
BIG CONGREGATION PRESENT
FATHER CASEY WILL NOW GET
A NEEDED REST.
He Says It Was Providential That
Things So Arranged Them
selves to Furnish His
Successor.
>
Father York* was formally Installed
yesterday morning as the temporary pas
tor of the Church of St. Peter'B. The oc- ,
easlon called forth a larger conpreKatlon .
than usual and the church was packed
when Father Casey prepared to moke the
usual announcements. He then stated to
the congregation that the condition of his
health had been such for some time that
It was necessary for him to take a com
plete rest. Ho said he was glad that
Father York.- had been appointed, be
cnuse of the friendship that had long
existed between himself and that eloquent
divine Ho ppoko of Father Yorke's re
gard for St. Peter's, the Vatican of San
Francisco, ~.p named by Archbishop Ale
many, and raid that it was providential
that Father Torke was disengaged at the
time when it was necessary for himself to
go away. He felt that In bis absence
the parish would bo provided for in safe
bands.
"it is hardly necessary for mo to
acknowledge the kind words that Father
Casey has spoken." replied Father *• rk«
after ascending the pulpit. "Ever since
I came to San Francisco Father Casey
and the priests of St. Peter's have shewn
themselves kind, sincere friends. The peo
ple, also, have always been kindly dis
posed toward me and therefore 1 feel that
I am among friends.
"My ambition Is to follow in the foot
steps of Father Casey and if I shall suc
ceed In administering the parish In a
small way after his model l feel I shall
be doing very well. I hope with you all
that Father Casey will soon be restored to
health, to return and take his place,
among you."
Father Yorke then read the Epistle
and Gospel of the day. He spoke of the
small beginnings of the kingdom of Goo,
, how It was compared by the Lord to a
I mustard ret md to the leaven hidden In
1 the meal. He Inquired Into the reason of
' this growth and found It lirst In the
promts.- of God and secondly In the faith
and work, the charity and enduring nope
. of the Christian people.
DR. NELANDER SPEAKS ON
THE SOVEREIGNTY OF GOD
The !;. v i> r Nelandet delivered ■
strong sermon to the congregation of the
First Luthern Church yesterday morning.
If.- sp..k. oi the "Sovere.gnty of Qod,"
and said in brl. f:
Tlt<» Iyinl Is ••rnnr among the nation*.
Here In a lenhon for France: the God who notes
the *i>arr»\v"B fall will surely not overlook a
Ereat juillcinl wrunic. thoueh It be perpetrated
on th liiiii;i,|i<..t of men. Here 1- a lesson for
KtiKlar.ii wlion her armlen arc marchlnK forth
acaln^t Horn Paul Christian ajrnlnst Christian:
the ilri.nj; .:,;:.■ t the weak. Here In a l«tinon
for Amertcnnn as well. We may withhold our
hnmJn fmm tho responsibility Involved in n w
possessions, but It behoorea us to deal Justly
with our humblest wards In the slfiht of Ood,
and not wlthnold from them the benlimant
blessings .'i Justice and freedom, which Ood
him > Graciously bestowed upon us.
DR. RADER LECTURES ON
THE TRAGEDY OF "HAMLET"
The Rev. Dr. Ra<br lectured last night
at the Third Congregational church on
the tragedy of "Hamlet." His treatment
of the subject was closely followed by a
large audience. He said In part:
li;iml»t i.- Shakespeare's most popular
character. In him the master has crowded
all the iulhM..!i.s of the BOO] Many inters
have delineated this character. Hamlet saw
enough to make un ordinary mind tremble.
The tragedy has been called it tragedy of
thought. The ghost asks for vengeance, and
Hamlet hesitates, for which he ha» been
criticized from the days of Goe'he until now,
•but for which he should BS praised. This
Is the lesson of the tragedy, that punishment
belongs to God. President McKlnley. when
the war broke out. standing between the
party of revenge and the party of patience,
wan a good illustration of Hamlet. The
ghosts of the dead seemed to cry for re
venge, but he Justly hesitated.
—■ m ■
Dr. Parker' Cough lire. One dose will atop
& cough. Never falls. Try It. JSc. All druggists.*
—« m •
The email boy will never become recon
ciled to the horselea circus.
WHO SHOULD BE
THE CAPTAIN OF
THE TRANSPORT
Interesting Question
of Authority.
CAPTAIN BUTLER BLUFFED
HAD TO GIVE UP HIS CABIN TO
THE QUARTERMASTER.
Dr. Giannini and Five Hospital Corps
Hen Volunteer to Care for
the Smallpox Pa
tients.
Tho old question of "Who Is boss?" Is
apt to make the voyage of the Pathan a
lively one before she reaches Manila.
There Is a quartermaster on board who
believes there li nothing In the way of
authority on the ship that can In any way
come up to his position, lie cannot navi-
Kate, nor does hr knew what to «l»t L WBea
the weather picks up. but In nil own
estimation he commands the ship Just the
same.
Captain Detchmendy of the reßular in
fantry was detailed by orders from de»
partment headquarters as quartermaster
and commissary of 'the Pathan while on
her way westward. There la nothing in
this which includes supreme command,
and it is laid down in the instructions
furnished quartermaster! by Colonel
Long that they must not interfere with
the offlcera and crew or the vessel, but
Detchmendy couldn't keep his hand* off.
When he came aboard the morning of
the day on which the transport sailed
he went to the captain's cabin, and lind-
Insj it comfortable, he chose it for his
own. Captain Butler is something of a
naturalist and he had among other things
in his cabin some tropical plants, a col
lection of live birds and a few curious
lizards. These Captain Detchmendy bad
thrown out upon the deck, and then he
Installed himself. When Captain Butlei
heard of It he was sufficiently angry to
beard the commanding quartermaster In
the cabin and have It out with him, but
Detchmendy would not give up the cabin.
He told Captain Butler that ho alone was
in command, and to prove it be sum
moned the chief engineer and told him to
light his Ores and nave steam up within
an hour and a halt. as they might be
getting under way in that time, He did
not know that no chief engineer who un
derstands his business will get up steam
OH a big vessel In any such time as that,
nor was he aware of the fact that steam
was already up and had been all day.
Butler made himself a bunk up In the
chartr n and the vessel went to sea
with the quartermaster still running
things. It might be Interesting to know
how be will run matters if the snip strikes
a typhoon.
The question «of authority over the
transport is one that baa come up more
often than any one supposes In the ser
vice just started by tin.- Government.
Captain Butler la master of a British ship
under charter, or perhaps he would never
have allowed himself to be so Imposed
upon. Had he followed the example of
some American captains who have run
up against commanding quartermasters,
it would have been hard lor Detchmendy;
but Butler probably did not wish to have
any trouble while the vessel was under
charter. He did refuse, however, to al
low his crew to clean up the quarters oc
cupied by the soldiers. It is Colonel
Long - orders that the soldiers keep their
berth decks clean.- Captain Detchmendy
reversed this and wanted the ship crew
to do It. But the ship's crew will not
There have been various vague stories
regarding this same question ol authority.
One was that of a colonel who believed
he would take possession of the captain S
cabin becaive he thought it more com
fortable than the one assigned him. He
learned a lesson in transport authority
and remained in his own quarters. An
other wanted to reach Manila by what
his ruler and an old chart told him was
the shortest distance. He thought the
vessel was not headed properly by the
compass, but he. too, learned a lesson. It
was a case of "who runs the ship that
brought the Bcandla to a standstill In
mldocean until some army subaltern
learned that the had not the authority of
a major general, even If he were at sea,
and a number of other things of a similar
nature have cropped up now and then to
teach landsmen what to do aboard a ship.
But Captain Butler la new to the Ameri
can transport service. If he makes an
other trip he will probably act differently
and keep his own cabin for himself.
The four men from the Forty-eighth
Regiment that have been taken down
with smallpox have been sent out to tho
recently vacated camp near the fort. The
men are Corporal Charlie Arter. Com
pany F, Clint Owens of Company r,
Lee Matthews of Company M nnd I-on-
Die Bryant Of Company C. In addition
to these four. James Fleming and Wade
Porter of Company B are under detention
In the hospital in an Isolated ward to
await developments.
Some one had to go out with the cases
to the detention camp, and as soon as it
was known there was to be another siege
of it out there. Dr. 11. A. Glanninl, an
acting assistant surgeon on duty at the
hospital nd a young physician well
known In this city, volunteered for the
duty and was accepted. With him the
following hospital corps men offered
themselves: William C. Dickey and
Samuel J. Perry, nurses. Max List, cook;
John K. Rlnken, orderly, and John F.
Dlllard, ambulance driver. They took
their patients In the ambulance Sunday
afternoon and wont out to their long
vigil. it will be several weeks before they
see their friends again. The cases are
not serious ones, but they are none the
loss contagious. It is hoped, however,
that all have developed. The Forty
eighth was recruited at Fort Thomas,
where the Thirty-first was recruited. The
Thirty-first brought the disease with it.
and the Forty-eighth has done the same.
it is believed they need ■ bonfire at Fort
Thomas.
The Forty-fourth Infantry will leave for
the islands to-day, and as a finale to Pre
sidio life. Colonel McClernand ordered a
dress parade and review In heavy march
ing order yesterday afternoon. To those
who had never s.en a soldier in heavy
marching order the ceremony was par
ticularly Interesting. Every man had, be
sides his arms and cartridge bolt, hi*
haversack, canteen, tin cup. knapsack
and blanket roll and rubber poncho
tucked under his belt. They were well
laden, but they bore their burdens
sturdily. The regiment made a fine ap
pearance and looked ready for business.
With the assistance of rain and six
Inches of mud, Captain McAlexander,
quartermaster and commissary of the
general hospital, has succeeded in secur
ing an appropriation of $15<V> for outside
repairs to the hospital, which moans a
board walk to keep people from sinking
out of sight. Through all the last storms
people picked their way through a soft.
clinging, rubber-like paste, hunting for
dry spots and finding puddles. 1 A good
part of the old parade ground had been
tracked Into the hospital buildings before
Captain McAlexander secured his ap
propriation.
First Lieutenant Clarence n. Mlllhoff.
RHsistant surgeon, has been assigned to
duty on the transport St. Paul. Acting
Assistant Burgeons Klwin W. Ames,
Jnmos B. Hallwood. William 11. Tukey.
Charles 11. Sterns. Txiuis A. Molony and
Thomas S. Lowe have boon „ assigned to
duty on the transport Indiana.
LECTURE ON OCCULTISM.
Pr. Jerome A. Anderson delivered .in in
teresting lecture last evening to the mem
bers of the Universal Brotherhood at tho
Academy of Sciences Hall on the subject
of "Occultism." A large audience li • ;
attentively to nn address on the hidden
Torres of nature. Dr. Anderson said in
part :
"Occultism is the relation of man to the
hidden forces of nature. Tt deals with
the sources of things. In studying this
subject we try to relate the SOU] to the
permanent, spiritual and real Qod. Oc
cultism Is divided into red and white ..nd
black magic. Hlaek magic consists In the
use of these hidden forces for s.-nish purl
In red magic the motives are
mixed. Revivalists and Christian Scien
tists are red magicians. Masonry is Jew
ish magic, nothing more nor less."
Trapper'a Oil cures rheumatlam * neorajfla.
COc flttek. Richards * Co, 404 Clay.
.._._._. ADVEBTISEMENTS. _ _^
HANDKERCHIEFS!
h m HV9II M H n IHB■I h! ■ B' H hvk
HANDKERCHIEFS!
We take pleasure In Informing the public that
our IMPORTATIONS or HANDKERCHIEFS fOP FALL,
1899, have all been received, and we are now prepared
to show a maonlflcent assortment or LADIES' and
GENTS' INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS, In both LINEN
and SILK rail letters)) LADIES' and GENTS' FINE
LINEN CAMBRIC HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS:
LADIES' SHEER LINEN HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS; LADIES' LACE TRIMMED HANDKERCHIEFS;
LADIES' EMBROIDERED LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKER-
CHIEFS, both SCALLOPED and HEMSTITCHED; GENTS 1
SILK MUFFLERS and REEFERS, both HEMSTITCHED
and PLAIN; CHILDREN'S INITIALED HEMSTITCHED
and EMBROIDERED HANDKERCHIEFS, both plain and
colored borders.
ton boxes LADIES' SHEER linen initialed and
UUU HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS, i-inch hem
(small letters), |-5O box
(6 In each box)
Onn dozen LADIES' LINEN CAMBRIC HEMSTITCHED
uUU HANDKERCHIEFS, warranted pure linen, in
,j Ij I and l inch hem,
$-2.-25 dozen
nnf) dozen gents' hemstitched LINEN cambric
i UU HANDKERCHIEFS, i, i, 1 and I] inch hem,
$2.50 dozen
1 m dozen GENTS' WHITE SILK HANDKERCHIEFS,
lUU hemstitched and extra heavu aualltu,
$5.50 dozen
1 finn boxes CHILDREN'S handkerchiefs, bom
IUUU plain and Initialed, in very fancu boxes,
15c, 20c, 25c, 30c and 50c box
**" l *W _ * ..■•bV^JCm^
. 111. 113, 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET,
GOLDBERG. BO WEN * CO 3 SPECIAL BAVINS BALE
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
Ik GO
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
G B & Co's 3 bottles $2
O K. bourbon gallon $3
— regularly $1 bottle £4 gallon
Blending coffee is an art —
Pasha blend is artistic in the
cvp — regularly 35c lb —
for the three days 2 lbs 55c
Excelsior baking powder —
30c lb — regularly 40c
Pure tomato catsup — bot's
50c — regularly 20c bottle
Lots of baking now — you'll
need lard — 51b pail 50c —
reg'ly 6OC— Sea Foam
Huyler's cocoa — regularly
3OC tin for the three days 25c
Manzanilla olives — big as
Spanish queen olives — regularly
30c quart — 25c
Toilet soap — dozen cakes
; 37 !/ 22 c — regularly 50c
Who would forego the
pleasure of cleanliness at such
a price
Everything is going up —
oysters will be high after this
sale — Our Choice lib tins 25c
lib tins 15c
Children as well as you like
dates — fresh black ones 2lbs 2 5c
Imported port and sherry
' reg'ly $ 1 bot for the three days 75c
Many uses for curry — good
for your digestion pint 25c
Many new goods arriving
daily for the holidays — come to
see them
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
& CO. *
Stogies
•re not the cheapest grade cigars but
belong to a different grade of smokes—
they are made of good, pure tobacco and
are sold . cheap because thb tobacco
OOLDBIBP, »oirm * COB BPICIAL BAYISQ BALE
h crown in this country and pays nr»
duty Amongst the best stogies is the
Perfume Puff See them at our stores
package of 10 25c
box of 100 $2.25 ,
Plna i3tSutttr xSoo California San Fr.ncli'B
1073 Clay between Eleventh «ai Twelfth O«kUai
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
Trt« Book of th* Ootury. lUadaotn«!r
"«alm ted Arti;ta hlrtJr - tWO ° f lh# WorM '
GIVEN FREE
!n! n "ch^PTiKin Intereated In »üb^r!h!nc
to 'the Eti«:ene Field Monument Souvenir
FMnd. -. Pubacrlb* »ny amount deatred.
Bubucrlptlonii aa low at 11 will entltl*
donor to thla daintily artistic volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound. S»ll). aa a certificate of «]*-
fcrlptlon to fund. Book contalrta a •» -•
tlon of Field' * \~*t and moat representa-
tive worka and la ready tot delivery.
Hut for th* noble contribution of thn
world"* greatest art!-- this book could not
have been manufartured for lean than $7.
The Fund created la divided equally be-
tween the fnmllv of th* late Eujren* F1»ld
and the Fund for the hulMln« of a mnnq.
rnent to the memory of th« beloved po«t
of childhood. Ad.irenji
ECGE.HE FIELD MOMCME!»T 80CVEMIB FTIIfD
ISO Monroo St., Chicago.
fAlto at Ttook Btnrea.)
If you also wish to «end poatac*. encloa*
IB cent*.
Mention this Journal, an A<lv. la Inserted aa
our Contribution.
Velvet-Grip
Eye-Glasses.
THF.T TAKE HOLD SO FIUM. TRUK ANT>
M.;i.lv that there* Mlw • Blip, tilt or
waver, vet so easy that there's never a plru-be<l
or aore spot.
All Ea»tman Kodnk» rut 331-3 per cent
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repairing.
Factory on premises. I'hone. Main 10.
OPTICIANS^^^Im.
642 Market St: i«sTrtuHtHTi
'unata (alnc.i limtnk '
Come Just to See.
Extra Premiums Given Free.
Great American ImportiiiE Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere,
zoo Stores*
1 Traoaeontl"v>atal tonrUta aa4 tr»v- f
, eUra f rum all over the Udlwj Stale* f
snow their %4>or«cUUlua of La« twill t
Icaca •( tbe 4
: PALACE ;
GRAND !
by maklnc QMee botala their h»«^a»j- ■
' tara while In San Praneiaco. rourtava
i hundred rooms. MO with tiafa* laraai
' and finest In th* world.
< JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. litoanr
" ♦♦ *
WmUj Gaa $Lofl w Year