VOLUME IAXXVI-KO. 128.
SECOND CUP RACE RESULTS IN FAILURE,
But Wireless Telegraphy Scores a Triumph
Question of Supremacy of the
Challenger and Defender
Remains Undetermined,
Owing to the Scarcity of
Wind.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5. -Given a little more time— a day or two— and with
such -weather as was about to-day, the Columbia ami Shamrock ma; yet
make a race of it, may at least get around the outer mark, which to-day
Fanned by a breeze, a listless, waning zephyr, the yachts stood across the
line with the wink of the starting gun, and then leisurely sauntering into a
zone of calm, whir for four hours and more — until a signal was made and the
race was off— the challenger and defender lay in a trance with naught to . do
but watch their own shadows in the tide rolling dreamily under foot. And
when at least the welcome signal came announcing that the race was off. there
still stretched a good three milt-s of further drift between the yachts and the
outer mark.
Of the two conclusions reached by those who followed this marine saunter-
Ing of the rival yachts, one is that when it comes to a plain case of drifting as
was the case to-day, the Shamrock can drift as fast if not faster than the
Columbia. The other expert opinion is that the weather ought to be ashamed
of v-
The pity of It, save for lack of wind, the day was perfect and warm, the
skies high and blue and the sea all that could be asked. Brought by an excur
sion fleet that seemed to have no end. a concourse of excursionists was there to
look a: this second fiasco of a yacht race. These looked upon It from magnifi
cent distances, the torpedo boats and revenue cutters keeping all craft well
away from the yachts and well clear of the course over which they were trying
Sir Thomas Lipton's steam yacht, the Erin, a guard boat by courtesy, was
carried too near the course, and heedless of tooting whistles from the watchful
revenue cutters; continued to drift athwart the path of the contesting yachts. Two
of the cutters opened their whistles in a long, loud, lingering warning, one
that seemed to have something of an apology in it. for it was clear to all on
lookers that the Erin was not a willful sinner, but had been carried out of
line through inadvertence of some une temporarily, perhaps, in charge. No
one realized that the noisy tooting was meant for the Erin until a gun boomed
from the cutter Onondaga. The smoke of the blank cartridge had hardly
cleared away before the Erin pick up her heels and scurried back to the line
of gunboats, . seemingly full of apology for the error of which she had been
There was promise of a fresh wind when the yachts stood out for the starting
lire— a promise held out by the Weather Bureau, and which the weather condi
tions did not ser-m likely to fulfill
.Over the lower bay lay a bank of mist, a silvery, gauzy vapor, that rendered
indistinct objects half a mile away. The vapor thinned as the hours wore on. but
with the lifting of the curtain there was still no hint of the promised breeze, no
suggestion that it was traveling on schedule time.
Singly ar.d by pairs, squadrons and divisions the excursion fleet came up and
gathered near the starting line. The two racers were there circling abo . the
jade.i lightship, a vessel ablaze with the memory of many such yachting scenes.
Under staysail; club topsail and mainsail, the yachts went gliding over the blue
•water, their amber-tinted sails barely swelling to the languid breeze, the canvas
looking as squalid as if it had been cut from out of that morning bank of mist or
sliced ironi ilie silver wind. The wind, what little there was of it. came from the
northwest, and the course was laid southeast by east, a fifteen-mile run to lee
ward and a beat back to the linish, if, perchance, there should be wind enough
to waft the yachts over that route.
A gun boomed from the yacht Corsair— the preparatory signal— and the yachts
I edged toward the starting line, setting balloon Jibs as they neared It With the
final signal the two yachts crept across the line, and very nearly abreast, the
Shamrock dropping her spinnaker boom to. port before crossing. and eettißir.ihe
spm^aiser immcCTiTeir after. The Columbia, which had crossed the line with
for* staysail showing in addition to her .nher canvas, took in that sail soon after
crossing, and stood down the wind, showing the same sail the Shamrock was
wearing, ior a space of live minutes or so the two yachts kept well together
ne;ther losing, neither gaining. Then tne Columbia began to draw slowly he id'
so slowly as to be hardly perceptible, but gradually she drew away little by little'
bit by b:t. until at last daylight showed between the two. The tired wind droned
and died In flukes and patches. But it was more impartial than the wind of
iuesuay. and favored one yacht no more than it did the other
Realizing that the indolent air was a true Columbia breeze, the narrow-waist
ea lierreshoff boat did her best to improve her opportunity and to leave her
broad-beamed opponent far behind. But the Shamrock was not to be so easily
shaken off. and. persistent as the Columbia's own shadow, the Irish yacht hung
on the flank of the American boat. The wind hauled a few points and, taking in
the spinnaker, the yachts stood away on the broad reach, the Shamrock luffing
ciose up. evidently trying to blanket the Columbia by running under that vessel's
lee. To prevent that the Columbia luffed also and then came a series of jockey-
Ing, in which neither boat seemed to gain any advantage. But the two loitering
along the course, came to a zone where the weakling wind died Into a breathless
calm. The rest was drifting, an aimless, steerage, wayless pointing in one direc
tion and then another. The sea pull drew the yachts together, and for a time It
looked as though they would rub sides.
Finally there came idling by a lazy, listless breeze, a veritable Weary Willie
of a wn.,i. it bellied out the sails of the yachts, and the two headed down to
the taring mark, which then bore south by east, their Jockeying for position
having carried them right out of the straight course on Which they; had started
lu^ consl ;? erab ' y afttr 3 °' clnck when that wind ca ™c by; and "the mark was
still three miles or more away. They had proceeded but a short distance when a
signal was made declaring that the race was off. there not then being time In
which it could possibly be finished, the time limit of five and a half hours ha y
ing expired. l " ours> Ila *-
The two yachts were on nearly even terms when the race was declared off it
being then manifestly impossible to round, the mark and make the fifteen-mile
run back to the finish i:, the little time that was left.
,v, S »° L°u g as . the i wrinfl l *l<s the- Columbia steadily outfooted her rival but in
the battling airs that followed, when it was all drift and Jibe and beat and
reach to catch the streaky wind; the Shamrock worked close up to the Column
bia. .The puff of wind that came toward the end sent the Columbia beading away
on the port tack and with the evident intention of crossing the Shamrocks bow
It looked for a time a* if .he would do it, but as she neared the Emei
yacht Cantain Burr apparently thought better of it. and putting up his helm
passed under "•Shamrock lee. A few moments later the yachfa
assent to the committee heat's query] "Do you consent to a postponement of the
race? and the race was officially declared off. ' lelllenl OI the
, T , There has as yet been no indication as to what either boat can do with the
other in a brisk wind and lively sea. ■»»"• me
The next race, that of Saturday; will be the same old fifteen-mile run to lee
ward and back or a beat out and a run back, according to the direction It the
TECHNICAL STORY
OF SECOND FAILURE
'-' YORK, Oct. s.— The weather con- '
... the early morning hours,
:.; >re favorable for a race
than those of Tuesday morning. The
'. .g-ht from ■ I treat
. . unbia
by the tugs j
and Jam. k Lawrence i
lr moorings In Sandy
I
latins '
lIIs on the !
■
Ct from her tU|
minutes .
imbia changed t lub i
:-iar<l
•
rd was supported In
s. It waa
. ■ .
a wooden club
'.ard ■
■ ■
. tip ■■ her
The Columbia's sails seemed to set
better" than on Tuesday. She carried, as
then, a cross-cut mainsail, and her club
topsail Beemed to be the largest one she
has yet carried. There were four battens
In the leach of the mainsail. Just before
the start she substituted a balloon fore
stay sail for the small one, which she set
in place 01 her way out. Besides
Managing Owner C. Oliver Iselin and Mrs.
Isclir. there were on board Butler Duncan
Jr., Captain "Woodbury Kane, Newbury
Thorn Captain Xat HerreshofT, Herbert
Leads, Pailmaker Hathaway and Seth
Kelley, representing the Royal Ulster
Yacht Club. Captain Charlie Barr
steered the yacht and the crew wore
white working suits with watch cap«
bearing the Iselin colors.
On board the Shamrock, besides her
skippers, Hogarth and AVringe, were
Navigator Hamilton, Sailmakcr Ratsy,
Messrs. McGildowney, Sherman Craw
The San Francisco Call.
lot 6 end Henry F. Llppett, the last
named representing the New York Yacht
Club. Her crew were carrying: Sir Thomas
l^ptou's colors on their watch caps and
they wore white working suits. The com
mittee tug, Walter Luckenbach, estab
lished the starting line at 10:40 by anchor
ing a cable's length southwest of the
lightship. The course signal was imme
diately hoisted. It was southeast by
east. the wind being very light from the
opposite quarter, northwest by north. Un
der mainsail, club topsail and jib and with
balloon jib topsails and staysails in tops
on the respective stays, the two yachts
played for places for a good start during
the interval between the preparatory and
Btarting Bigcalg. The former was given
Ski ppera Barr and Hogarth made the
best of what Little wind they had |
their boats 1 turning capacity in the light
air. Five minuti the starting sig
nal the Columbia, with boom to
passed north of the lightship head
ing to the eastward, and the Shamrock
tg from the southward, met the
Bristol boat about on the line. She luffed
out across the Columbia? wake after hay
■.: tempted to pass her to leeward,
having their booms to starboard.
At two minutes after tli»- gun lire the
Shamrock set her staysail and dropped
I Innaker boom to port. She was
then ■ yards northwest of the
committee boat and heading to the south.
Columbia, coming from the south
had passed the Sandy Hook light
ship, leaving it on her port hand, at about
one minute before the signal. When
thirty seconds were left Captain Barr
rolled his wheel over to port, jibed the
Columbia, broke out her balloon jib top
■.:.d headed for the line. The Sham
rock's balloon topsail blossomed out at
the same moment as the Columbia's, she
w-.^ do the latter's starboard hand and
nearly a length astern when the starting
signal was given. Her spinnaker was
i<r<>kt;n cut while she was crossing the
line. The Columbia's* men rigged out her
spinnaker bf>..m while they were ap
proaching the line, hoisted the sail and
broke it out in just forty-five seconds. The
Columbia had the. better of the start.
The official time for the start was: Co
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6, 18953.
The Wizard of Wireless Telegraphy.
MESSAGE FLASHED
TO MAYOR PHELAN
HIS HONOR'S REPLY WILL BE SENT TO MARCONI
The compliments of Signor Marconi and the New York Herald, vibrated wirelessly from
the ocean off the Jersey coast, were presented yesterday afternoon to Mayor Phelan a few min
utes after 1:30 o'clock, San Francisco time. Such a messagi was totally unexpected by the
Mayor.
"What?" he asked. "You don't moan to say that this came by wireless telegraphy?"
He was assured that the message had been started by nn less a hand than that of Signor
Marconi himself, who was even then on the steamer Ponce returning with the challenger, and
defender.
"Well, that beats me." he exclaimed. "How was it done?"
It was explained to his Honor that the message, like the bulletins of the race sent The
Call, had been sent out on Hertzian waves, produced by the Marconi apparatus. These trav
eled at speed until thty met the apparatus on the Xavesink Highlands attuned to the same key.
As the word waves vibrated against this apparatus it was set vibrating in key, starting in mo
tion a registering telegraph, the record rolling off on paper tape, from which it was sent San
Franciscoward instanter by the Western Union Telegraph Company.
"It's marvelous," said the Mayor; "nothing short of marvelous. I can hardly believe it
yet, although here is the evidence in my hands."
And the Mayor read the message again. He wanted to know how he should acknowledge
the compliment.
Mnyor Pheian
"Will The Call send a message for me?" he asked. He was assured it would, and he sat down at once to
write a reply, when he was stopped by the suggestion that it would be better to send the message Saturday dur
ing the progress of the yacht race, when there was a certainty that Sigrnor Marconi would be at sea on the Ponce.
The Mayor fell in with this idea at once and promised to prepare a message Saturday morning for transmission to
the Italian scientist to testify his wonder at the perfection of wireless telegraphy. The Call will send the Mayor's
message, and out on the bosom of the Atlantic Ocean, in the heat of the next struggle for the America's cup, it
will be carried to those on board the steamer Ponce.
lumb'a. 11:00:53; Shamrock, 11:01:06.
The first ten minutes after the start
were anxious ones for those directly In
terested In the Shamrock ;md the Colum
bia. In two minutes the Columbia's bow
sprit began to creep past the Shamrock's
bow, and in ten minutes the Columbia
was clear out ahead of the Shamrock.
Both took In their staysails and jib, so as
to give the immense balloon sails plenty
of draught.
So light was the wind at this time that
only the balloon sriils seemed to be doing
service for either yacht. The main sheets
hunt slack in between the bows and the
booms and the great mainsails hung flat
.nis from over the starboard side of
each yacht.
Mile after mile the yachts traveled slow
ly to the southeast, the Columbia gaining
slowly but steadily all the time. At 5
minutes to 12 the wind freshened a bit,
canttng at the same time a couple of
points to the eastward. Captain Hogarth
saw it first and his crew took in the spin
naker smartly, the Columbia's men follow
ing suit a minute later and setting their
forestay sail at the same time.
Fearing that the Shamrock would try to
luff out and pass him to windward, Cap
-1 tain Barr began to luff the Columbia.
j Both kept it dp for fully ten minutes,
: until they were both heading east. Cap-
I tain Hogarth kept the Shamrock's spln
■ r.aker mast headed, with a couple of men
I holding it half way down the mast, ready
; to be shot out at a moment's notice, until
I 12:02 o'clock, when he let it ru: down.
Finally, at 12:06 o'clock, the Columbia,
still being 50*) yards ahead, kept broad off
! for her course again, the Shamrock Im
mediately following suit. The wind hela
in the same quarter until 12:40 o'clock, the
Columbia meanwhile Raining on her rival.
; At that time the wind backed around to
i the northwest and the Columbia jibed,
; the Shamrock following her two minutes
later.
At 1:18 the Columbia's crew sent her
■ spinnaker out to starboard, and two mm■
■ utes later the Shamrock's was set. Far ,
! away in the blue haze the outer mark was
, sighted at 1:16.
With th<? weather prevailing at that timo
I there was little chance of finishing the
i race within the prescribed limit of live j
and a half hours. During the next half
hour the wind dropped out almost en
tirely.
At 1:30 the spinnakers came in on both
yachts, and they were jibed to starboard.
At 2:10 the Columbia set her spinnaker to
port, taking it in again five minutes later.
Both jibed to port at 2:20, and a few min
utes later a light breeze came in from the
southward. Sheets were trimmed down
and both yachts were soon close hauled
on the starboard tack. The Shamrock set
her baby jib topsail at once, but the Co
lumbia was held some five minutes before
being set.
At 2:38:30 the Shamrock went about to
port, the Columbia following suit twenty
seconds later. The Shamrock then ap
peared to have a slight advantage. The
wind was very light, and the Shamrock in
this smooth water seemed to be doing
very well, her larger sail plan proving a
little too much for the Columbia. When
the later went about to starboard at 3
Continued on Second Page.
By the Aiarcorf system
The Can ueFt flti Rivals
Behind J!"i sivths the
News and secured the
"Scoop" oF the Century
IN addition to the wonderful triumph of wireless telegraphy in reporting the
international yacht races, the world applauds the slap in the face the new
discovery ha? administered to yellow journalism. In this city the mask of
fake and false pretense has been torn from the jaundiced front of the Ex
aminer, the leader on this coast In the ranks of the saffron hued; and, painful
as was the task, the grandmotherly visage of the ancient Chronicle was also
exposed, blstanced by the enterprise of The Call, which first harnessed ;ne new
electrical current to the car of journalistic progress, the very elderly but very
religious Chronicle contented itself with an unavailing effort to convey intelli
gence of the great international yacht race through the agency of Associated
Pr< ss bulletins. It failed ignominiously, but it saved its honor.
The Examiner, equally up a stump, was true to Its policy of fake. fake, al
ways fake. True to its history of fake, it also blundered, this time, however,
beyond all recovery. It was caught red-handed, but instead of sneaking off and
lying quiet until its faking was forgotten, it attempted to brazen it out. At
11:80 o'clock, San Francisco time, it put out its first bulletin on the yacht race.
It read: "Columbia leads; wind twelve miles an hour." For more than an hour
The Call had been continuously posting bulletins on the event that was engag
ing the attention of two worlds. For the next fifty minutes the Examiner did not
post another bulletin. The Call, thanks to wireless telegraphy, still sending
them forth. The Examiner was getting sore, and, yellow journal that it is,
turned positively green with envy. In absolute jealousy at the coup of The
Call, it decided to take a petty revenge on Marconi. 3i"Xi miles away. It was so
blinded with rage at the fact that he was in the service of a rival that it was
blinded to the great scientific value of his achievement. Instead of hailing him
as the greatest discovery of the century, it resolved to scoff, as the world once did
at Galileo and Columbus. In lieu of any other bulletin, it had the extremely bad
taste to post the following:
BY WiRELESS-Macaroni.
12:20 p. m.--The Race Is On.
What a magnificent revenge! Poor Marconi! Great Examiner! Great
heavens!
Fifteen minutes later, having unloaded this gob of bile, the Examiner gave
forth another bulletin. It said the Columbia was seven-eighths of a mile in the
lead. The fake staff had evidently returned from a hasty lunch and was a little
off on distances. Marconi's bulletin of even time said the Columbia was only an
eighth of a mile ahead. Of course, three-quarters of a mile difference made no
difference, according to Examiner calculations, and so that there might be no
kick coming to the adherents of either racer it immediately posted another
bulletin that the "Shamrock is apparently in the lead. "
At the Examiner office, it appears, "you pays your money and you takes your
choice. Which'll you have?"
"While The Call was putting out bulletins right along the" Examiner contented
Itself with just three more until 2:25 p. m.. New York time, when it posted:
"Boats are on home run. Columbia one mile ahead." At 2:45 p. m. it said the
yachts had covered twenty miles and .he Columbia had a good lead. The faker
In chief, not content with this fast sailing, went himself one better. Five min
utes later, or, to be exact, at 2:45 p. m., NeW York time, he posted a bulletin read
ing: '•Shamrock rapidly overhauling the Columbia— a few lengths apart."
Half a mile gain In five minutes. Whew, how the wind must have been blow
ing through the faker's whiskers! Or. maybe, he was onl^- trying to make his
log jibe with the erratic wanderings of the mimic boats on the outer wall.
Half a dozen other alleged bulletins equally dopy and contradictory were
posted,, -probably to keep up appearances. • ■ !£***>
At 3:12. New York time. The Call posted a bulletin that, with the Shamrock
pointing higher, the stakeboat was still two miles away. One minute later the
Examiner posted a bulletin, time New York. 3:15 p. m., which read: "The two
racers are about six miles from finish. Shamrock seems to have gained a little."
That bulletin could mean nothing else than that the boats were on the home
ward reach, racing for all they were worth. The management of The Call wired
Marconi: "Examiner bulletin to the effect that yachts have turned stakeboat and
are on the finish." In the briefest possible period the answer came back:
Examiner bulletin fake. Yachts have not turned the stakeboat.
MARCONI.
At 3:17 P- m.. New York timf. the Examir.fr posted a bulletin saying, "Very
exciting finish probably." At 3:45 p. m.. New York time, the yachts swung around
and headed for home, before they reached the outside mark, and The Call pub
lished a bulletin to that effect, with the statement that the race was declared
off At 3:49 P- ni.. while the Examiner, apparently bewildered, was trying to discern
tbe boats through the haze. The Call posted the bulletin announcing "No race."
And there wasn't. The Examiner was no nearer to the truth in any of its
fake bulletins than were either of the yachts to the finish when the last bulletin
was posted. The Call had distanced it as it has done many times before. The
j, ,',',,. ;,; Chronicle threw up its withered hands early in the game, and with the
ted Press, once the greatest news-gathering agency on earth, took off its
hat to The Call and Marconi.
For the benefit of such as wish to make the comparisons The Call submits
below a number of the bulletins on the races received by this paper, and all of
tho*e posted by the Examiner:
THE CALL BULLETINS.
10-40 a m.-Wlnd blowing at rate about six
miles an' hour from west, very flnky. Haze dis
■ii't%»rine ssea Binooth. Va hi race will start
il a m Hare will be over straightaway course
to windward and return Mtten mile* Betting
In Fneland even money. In New York, even
rnWy ori i to-day' s race; 5 to 3on Columbia for
Se io e M a. m.— Preparatory gun fired.
10:54 a in— Yachts jockeying under mainsail,
club topsail and jib. Columbia to windward
coming about for start.
10:55 a m.— Shamrock swings to get windward
n. tut Columbia swings around In time
°10:57 a. in.— Shamrock crosses line first, Co
lumbia overlapping. Spinnakers set on both
boats.
n a. m.— The? are off.
11:02 a m.— Both yachts standing about near
line under mainsail, flub top-ail, jib staysail.
They are quite close together, but have, very
littii- headway.
11:06 a. m.— Both yacht? have spinnakers oft
to port, matnbooms to starboard; wind north
east, very light
11-1' a m. — Yachts went over line about on
even terms Columbia in better position.
11-22 a in.— Yachts only 100 yards away; slm
plv dri.'tinf,' with breeze. Wi:id must be much
fresher or there will be no race.
11:80 a. m.— Columbia now about a length, her
mainboom squared off to starboard, spinnaker
suuared oft to port, its sails catching little
wind Prospects for finishing very slight.
11-31 a. m.— Clear water between yachts. Col
umbia leading, her balloon, jib and club top
*aiU doiim' light work. Wi.id strengthening
n w, filling sails. Spinnakers also flopping
considerably. .
11:35 a. m.— Columbia now good two lengths
ar.d In better position.
11-4° a m.— Both yachts now about two and
a haff knots Columbia's advantage thus far,
due largely to better luck getting wind Into
h< U-50 Si a b "m.— Columbia four lengths in tead.
Wind freshenir.g somewhat. Both crews are
mussed on quarters.
11:14 a. m.— Only two and one half knots sali
ed In one hour.
Ncon-Columbla's jib drawing well, bo Is
a hamrock'" Columbia has balloon staysail
set Shamrock has hers in Mop*. Columbia has
increased l<*ad slightly In consequence OI shKt
of wind. Yachts heading easterly.
jo.j 0 p m —Both yachts taking in spinnakers.
Columbia taking in balloon staysails. Both now
under mainsail top, club topsails, balloon jib
topsails.
■\"> n % r i" — Wind about northeast; both
yachts moving between five and six knots Co
lumbia about an eighth of a mile In the lead.
Yachts doing very well. Course remarkably
Cl f| r )' s _c ta k-boats going southeast. Yachts
about three miles east by north of here. Co
lumbia full leading. Shamrock on inside near
■nr«-e held by the stak.-boat.
v' 44 p m —Both yachts held to the north
ward of the course, giving advantage of wind.
They are now heading for the mark, with spin
nakers taken In and main Fails to port
IS-B1 v m —Immense fleet is following races.
I*'a3 P m.— Columbia continues her lead;
wind so light that shivers run up and down
•-ailF of both yaehi?.
" jo" .7 p m.— Cunarder Servla, bound in, passed
"^ « m.— Wind freshening. Columbia
widens the gap. Yachts still several miles from
cutt'r mark.
106 p. m.— Both yachts are sailing under
mainsails, ciub topsails and balloon jibs. Co
lumbia's staysails are in stops.
1:11 p. m.— Wind died out, so that Columbia's
sails hang like bags. Shamrock doing a little
better.
1:15 p. m.— The race is now a drifting match
THE EXAMINER BULLETINS.
11:30 a. m. — Columbia leads. Wind
twelve knots tin hour.
Associated Press boat says that at
12:20 Columbia leads seven-eighths
of a mile.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
and unless breeze springs up the yachts cannot
finish within the time limit.
1:29 i>. m.— Shamrock set spinnaker. Columbia
followed suit five seconds later. Wind is right
aft.
1:24 j.. m.— Shamrock unable to close gap. Ex
cursion craft giving yachts plenty of rwra.
:o-boats doing pood service. Course clear
for two mile* side.
1:30 p. m. — Yachts scarcely making steerage
way. Columbia keeps lead, but does not in
crease it.
1:36 p. m— Pea like a millpond. Both yachts
are in the doldrums.
1:61 p. m.— Yachts slowly drifting toward th»
outer mark, with the Columbia still holding
her I»ad.
1:66%. m.— Columbia took in spinnaker and
sm bosm over the starboard. Shamrock dropped
her spinnaker, but kept her boom to port
\\ md still lacking force to fill sails.
2p. m. — Wind freshening slightly. Shamrock
jibed_ and is gaining a little on ""olumbia.
p. m. — North Atlantic squadron, cruiser
New York leading, passes the Mackay-Bennett
headed for the yachts.
2:OS p. m.— Yachts set spinnakers to port.
Shamrock closing up the gap.
2:13 p. m.— Columbia's lead, which was fully
half a mile, has been cut down M 100 yards.
Shamrock's sails seem to be drawing better.
2:2" p. m.— Shamrock has main sheet eased
off. Continues gaining and less than a hoat'3
length of open water separates the boats.
2:2n p. m.— Wind veered around to the south,
heading Columbia off. Spinnakers were taken
in and Columbia crossed Shamrock's bow on
port tack.
2:30 p. m. — When the wind shifted about, the
Shamrock was to windward and near the outer
mark. Both boats are now heading toward
Long Island on starboard tack.
2:40 p. m.— Columbia worked through Sham
rock's lee. taking the lead and going on port
tack. Shamrock also on port tack a moment
later.
3:05 p. m.— Shamrock on starboard tack was
about to cross Columbia's how. when Colum
bia came about on the starboard tack Sham
rock drew up a'tngside and passed. Columbia
being a short distance to windward.
2.1U p. ni.— Shamrock retains windward
tion, although very close together. Both fly
ing special No. 2 jib topsail.
3:12 p. ni.— Shamrock seems pointing higher.
Sta.keb.iat about two miles away. Boats can
n"t possibly finish in time limit.
3:15 p. m.— Shamrock ccmes about on port
tack. Columbia at once follows. Shamrock's
sails fill quicker than the Columbia's. Sham
rock apparently holding her lead about two
lengths. Yachts close together, making pretty
picture.
3:20 p. m.— Columbia makintr srreat effort on
Shamrock and is slowly succeeding, appar
ently nearly lapping challenger's stem.
3:30 n. m.— Shamrock eats her way ahead a
bit. Columbia's effort does not succeed. North
Atlantic squadron follows wake r.f yachts.
3:34 p. m.— Columbia comes about, on star
board tack holding southeast. namrock holds
port.
3:37 p. m.— Stakeboat in plain view. Both
yachts on starboard tack. Shamrock to wind
ward position and leading.
3:38 p. m.— Columbia comes about <■-. port
tack.
3:45 p. m.— Swinginer around and heading for
home. Columbia drop? Jib topsail. Shamrock
drops staysails and jib topsail. Race appar
ently declared off.
3:49 p. m.— Another failure through the lack
of wind. Shamrock has again showed won
derful ability in lieht airs. She is fully equal
to Columbia in this respect. She showed sur
prisingly well in pointine. Conditions po un
even that day's ra I >t settle which is
better boat In lighter weather.
Long Branch. 12:20 p. m. — Sham
rock apparently in lead.
12:35 p. m.— Columbia leads half a
mile.
New York, 1 :06 p. m— Wind fresh2
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY THE WONDER OF THE CENTURY
HAMBURG, Germany, Oct. s.— The Herald
and Call again win the admiration of the peo
ple for their enterprise in first bringing into
practical use the latest triumph of electrical"
science— wireless telegraphy. Congratulations
from the undersigned, representing the tele
phone companies operating in thirteen States,
at 160,000 stations, over one-fourth of the
Bell telephone system.
JOHN SABIN, President Pacific Coast Tele
phone Company. «
CHARLES W. GLIDDEN, President of the
Erie Telephone System.
._ -_ -.« «-. -w-» a* .-, «r- mr «o me »o »C »0 90 »5 *0 90 90 •*> 9"> •O »0 »0 •*) 90 »0 «C »0 »C »C 9'
ened to five miles an hour.
Sandy Hook, 2 p. in.— The wind
haa changed to southeast and has
brisked up.
2:25 p. m. — Boats are on home run.
Columbia one mile ahead.
2:45 p. m. — Yachts have covered
twenty miles. Columbia has a good
lead.
2:50 p. m.— Shamrock rapidly
overhauling Columbia. Only a few
lengths apart.
3 p. m.— Columbia leads by one
length only.
Highlands, 3 p. m.— Fog has lifted
a little. One ox the boats appears to
lead by quarter of a mile. Impos
sible to tell which.
3 p. m. — Yachts must finish at
4:30 New York time or race will bo
declared off. Bresze now fourteen
knots, so that chances of finish are
good.
3:06 p. m. — The stern yacht, which
CALL'S TRIUMPHS
BY WIRELESS
TELEGRAPHY
Wireless telegraphy is no longer an ex
periment in modern journalism. It la an
. triumph. Ti.is triumph was
■ ■ • me through the
I-; ancisco-jCaJI, but
this paper, in all modest} a::U in absolute
aw. a r of the achievement,
lays : to credit other than that
which ably coupled with It a
(urnish the news .to Ca.;:
vi.'i ti •■ Pacific * uu.-it ahead of ail com
. a.
The arrival of the transport Sherman
from Manila in the lattei part of August
gave The Call its opportunity to demon
strate the adaptability of Marconi's dis
covery to newagatherlng forces. It was
the first to herald through that agency
the early arrival of California's heroes
from the Philippines. So taken up were
the people of ban Francisco With joy at
the return of their sons that the marvel
of thin scientilic achievement was lost
eight of in this city. Not so in other
parts of the world. Into thousands of
newspaper olTiees on this continent, in
Great Britain and EtfTope was Hashed the
story of The- Call's journalistic coup. Edi
tors, calloused to ordinary notions by
reason of frequent surprises, ere
' astounded and had to admit that there
was at least one thine new under the
eun and that it was wireless telegraphy
adapted to the needs of the up-to-date
newspapers. A journal away uu on the
western edge of the continent had taught
them the lesson; and even tnose who were
loth to do so admitted that The Call had
recorded the greatest scoop of the ceu
lury.
In spite of the proof that the Marconi
system had been securely harnessed to
the car of modern journalism there were
some, to doubt and others to scoff. They
needed another lesson and The Call pro
ceeded to give it to them. The grand op
portunity presented Itself in the interna
tional yacht races between the cup chal
lenger Shamrock and the defender Colum
bia. In conjunction with the New York
Herald, the first paper at the East to ap
preciate the value 01 The Call's feat, this
paper Invited Signor Marconi to superin
tend the working of his system in report*
ing the progress of the marine racers. The
great Italian aeeeptt-d. He sailed for
New York with a corps of capable assist
ants and installed his apparatus on the
vessels provided by The Call and Herald
to accompany the fleet-winged yachts.
Last Tuesday, with every condition as
.favorable as could lie for the stereotyped
•system in use by . Lthering agencies,
f thi- Marconi wireless telegraph was easily
lirst, the ancient method nowhere. The
Call, in this city, and the Herald, in New
York, were enabled to post the news of
every movement in the race two minutes
• after it had happened. Other New York
and San Francisco newspapers had no
bulletins to post and, as is the custom
of the yellowest, faked but did not fool
the public. In this city the attempt of
'the Examiner and Chronicle to keep up
with the procession led by The Call was
.'pitiable and unavailing:. The Examiner,
true to its policy that desperate cases
call for dc-sperate remedies, was shame
less in Its attempts to deceive the peo
.ple into the belief that it was receiving
bulletins of the race. It had little op
:portunity, it having become early evi
dent to the gathering crowds that The
'Call's bulletins were more reliable, fuller
•and more realistic than me -belated and
faked. In consequence, only the few that
•could not get near enough to read The
.Call bulletins wasted any of their time
on the Examiner or Chronicle delayed
offering's.
It was another signal triumph for
.The Call and wireless telegraphy, but it
was absolutely overshadowed by that of
rday. It would be worse than use
less to attempt to describe the hundreds
and hundreds that gathc-red in front of
the business office of this paper, long be
fore the hour set for the start, or t.. try
to picture the growth of the crowd, its
'surging* and lta excitement as the bulle
tins were posted and the race was pic
tured on tne painted canvas over the
arch. Market street is wide, but that it
was not blocked Is entirely due to the
.heroic efforts of the squad* of patrolmen
led by Captain Splllane. They were
adepts nr handling a crowd and kept tho
• way clear for pedestrians and vehicles
without so much as an angry word
And jhe bulletin service was superb
■There were no delays and the Burglng
Bpectators had no cause to grow im
nt. Marconi on the Pone- was do-
Ing hi* level best, sending to land on the
waves of vibrant electricity the running
story of the movements of the yachts.
From the land station on the Naveslnk
lli-'lilands, the precious messages were
turn.-.; over to the Western Union Tele
graph Company and flashed 3000 miles
• ■ continent to The Call
the waiting crowds In front of its bulle
tin I*
In Borne instances less than two min
taken from the time Marconi
sped his message until it was being post
ed in this city. It was marvelous. Nothing
like it had l n believed possible until
Tho Call for tho second time demon
strated it last Tuesday. There had been
till then many doubting Thomases, the
yellow journals, by their unpreparednes*
showing thai they warn the chief of
. They discovered their mistake too
A curtain of haze had been drawn
•by an all-wise Creator in front of th<»ir
Jaundiced vision and all their efforts to
pierce it came to nil.
The Associated Press, until the advent
Of wireless telegraphy, the greatest sin
gle news agency on earth, tried for a
.time to battle against the inevitable.
Tho futility of its endeavor was plain to
those who cared to step In front of the
Chronicle bulletin board. It admitted
the curtain of haze and Indulged In pos
sibilities all the time Marconi was send
4ng and The Call posting the running
story cif the great yacht race and while
the desperate Examiner was fretting and
.faking till further orders.
All the excitement over the achieve
ment of wireless telegraphy was not
appears to be the Shamrock, has
caught favorable wind and is rapidly
overhauling lead. The race is very
close.
3:13 p. m. — The two racers are
about six miles from the finish.
Shamrock seems to have gained a
little.
3:17 p. m.— ln last five minutes
Shamrock has pulled up on leader.
Appears to be close behind. Very
exciting finish probably.
3:20 p. m. — Shamrock and Colum
bia are sailing along almost side by
side.
3:24 p. m.— The white hull of Co
lumbia can be seen plainly. She is
running very fast. Shamrock
hang-ing after her.
Sandy Hook. 3:25 p. in.— Several
yachts passing here inward bound
said. "No race."
3:40 p. m. — Shamrock reported
ahead.
centered in front of The Call office \;
the Merchants' Exchange, where
and young salts gather, where
brown-skinned skippers ■
and dapper captains of white
«'lnged racers, The i a , had placed a
In board. The Examiner, in
usness, still blinded by pre
wonders of wl
phy, tempted fate by ■■:
another, cheek by j .wl with it. Tin*
Its revenges, «nd it was not long bel
a severe one on the temerarious
■ journal.
The Call Bashed its bulletins to the
<ax " ■ fved, and they
were posted almost simultaneously with
in front of Its business office A.l
first each bulletin I • rowd.
- than ton minutes aft< i
: there was a movement from
the Examiner board to The i
t:ny. rhe reason was as apparent as
which was causing the same movei
uptown wireless telegraphy was doing
its work well. The ■
story nt the race and the Examiner wa •
faking it. too, in the fa
men versed In yachting knowl<
Finally ii quit even that, and It* boar]
-• id. and an Exam
iner attendant, sh; mefaced at
sure of fake, tore off what bulletins he
had posted and lefl it bare after the
He did wiser at that than his
at Third and Market streets.
The wonderful results of wireless teleg
raphy, as shown on The Call's bulletin
board, were the topics of conversation at
the Exchange all day, and. as at the up
town bulletin board, that in the Exl
held crowds all afternoon, the peop'.H
evidently Impressed with the lesson that
had for Its text Marconi and wireless
telegraphy.
At th. Western T'ninn telegraph office?
in this city an entirely different kind of
• ment had been stirred up. Evi ry
n had been made to receive the
"Marconi," us The Call's yachi race bul
letins have been dubbed by the light
strikers. The way had been cleared for
it and the office force was early on the
qul rive for the first tick that should an
nounce its arrival. The manipulators of
th< wired article of telegraphy were agog
to note the workings of the win
They were attached to th,- old fellov
while the advent <<f the new phenomenon
would be a triumph in electrical transmls-
I i say that its powers were
ted. Consequently every ear was
I the least halt In it.= step,
every eye. wide to note the least totter in
its gait
at last the first "Marconi" came, sharp
istinct and connected, and the sec
ond and third, others following fast, with
out a break. The effect was magical. Al
most all "tlu-r business in the offices w:ts
suspended while manager, operators, mes
r boys and other attaches gath
to listen at the sounders at which the
Marconi was making itself heard in its
ge from the Atlantic haze off the
coast to The Call office.
Only once did it wobble and this was
the exception that proved the rule of its
dne of the bulletins i
"Shamrock's mainsail to starboard. Co
lumbia's unintelligible word." The story
fr.rn Marconi had lost a word in the haze
between the yachts and Navesink. That
was nothing when you come to consider
that the yellow journals had lost their
heads.
At the "Marconi" Bounder in the West
irn Union offices an operator was sta-
I to cauh the bulletins in passing
•1 them, on The Call's inslruc
ti"iis. 1" Its bulletin boards in various
cities r,f tii' Btat< The wonder of wire
telegraphy was too good to be mo
nopolized in San frandsco and large
crowds in the various centers of Cali
fornia were given opportunity to testify
their appreciation of this end of the cen
tur% feat.
And when the race was over everybody,
even the yellow journalists when" they
talked in private, admitted the greatness
of the achievement. Great, they said,
was the discovery of Marconi. And If
The Call would refrain from Haying any
thing about it they would admit that
great was The Call that had made wire
less telegraphy the handmaiden of modern
journalism.
SECOND CUP RACE
RESULTS IN A FAILURE
Continued from First Page.
o'clock, and the Shamrock three minutes
later, the latter had Increased her wind
ward advantage l>y a few lengths. Both
v.-^iit about again at 3:12 on the port t:i<k,
j and again to the starboard in ten xnin-
I utes, the wind from the southward hay
; ing increased a trifle. The Columbia
seemed to be walking out from under tho
Shamrock's lee. Their positions at 8:30,
when the Columbia tacked to port, were:
The Columbia about an eighth of a mile
\ on the Shamrock's lee bow, both heading
i about east-southeast, the wind having
(anted to about south-southeast. This
last tack of the Columbia's was about the
most Interesting feature of the race out-
Fide of the start. The question was
whether she could cross the Shamrock's
; bow or not, the latter being on the star
board tack having the right of way. It
j took just sixty seconds to decide which
boat was ahead. The Columbia was
forced about by the Shamrock at 3:41 :iO
She tacked close under the Shamrock's Ire
bow, and two minutes later, the signal be
i ing received from the committee boat de
j daring the race oft, both yachts wore
around, hauled down their staysails and
beaded for home, the great excursion fleet
preceding them.
Thus ended another unsatisfactory at
tempt to finish the thirty-mile race within
the limit. Nothing more was proven to
day regarding the merits of the yachts
than on Tuesday. It is simply known
that both boats are good drifters! with the
I balance a trifle in favor of the Columbia
The Columbia and the Shamrock, both
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1899.
COLUMBIA AND SHAMROCK BEING TOWED.
in tow, passed in and anchored in Sandy
Hook Bay at 6:30 p. m.
GOVERNMENT BOATS
KEEP THE COURSE CLEAR
NEW YORK. Oct. s.— The efforts of
Captain Evans and Lieutenant Command
er Fremont to keep the course clear with
Government cutters and torpedo boats
wen again successful to-day. The samo
systi m which proved so effective on Tues
day was in force to-day, and the results
were quite as satisfactory. The course,
wh.-n onc< sig] .'-,t by the committee
boat, was Immediately cleared, and each
boat had a clear field down the line and
all thi spuci necessary for maneuvering.
tly aftei the start the two patrol
'.'< lined into line, the cutters on the
left anu m.- lorp do boats on the right,
and everything v.. . s kept in place. There
was the sami good-natured obedience to
all Instructions and no captain, needed a
When signaled to move
out th fleet at one« obeyed, and j
Iron could have made a
betti r maneuA er.
: was obliged, however, to
tire .«. g :: oi warning about - o'clock on
the left of the line, when a captain
-.. - f trespassing. This was
nly incident of the patrol service to
il ot ihe ordinary run. It
is now a w< II established fact that this
naval police .-.-.stem can keep a fair course
f..r !■ >ih racers, and no excursion boat,
yacht i i ' t - lends to put her nose
inside tin established lines. The system
is a:-, • ye-opi ncr to the visiting yachtsmen
abroad and receives the highest
ition on all Bides. The idea of
the national Government recognizing the
additional Importance to
the race, and Is a very pl< aslng feature
t ■ all yachtsmen.
LIPTON AND GUESTS
WERE VERY HOPEFUL
NEW YORK. Oct. s.— Sir Thomas Up
ton and his guests on board the :team
yacht Erin were very hopeful when the
anchors were lifted and she left her an
chorage at Sandy Hook, the indications
at that time promising a fair wind. As
the day wore on and it became certain
that It would again be a case of no race,
they resigned themselves to the inevitable
and formed little groups about the deck
and In the cabin, where they discussed
the respective merits of the yachts and
deplored the fact that there was no
chance for a fair test of, their sailiim
qualities.
Richard Croker hung over the rail, ex
changing views with nrst one and then the
other of the distinguished foreigners,
while Thomas A. Edison chatted with
Sir Thomas announced that in his opin
ion the days work proved nothing.
"There was no chance," said he, "to
pain any further knowledge as to the
capabilities of either the i ilumbla or the
Shamrock. It is still anybody's race and
wa - so all day. We must wait tor a
wind."
WILLIAM'S SKIPPERS
ON THE SHAMROCK
NEW YORK, Oct. s.— Captain Ben Par
ker and his brother William ■>£ Kmperor
William's fast yacht Meteor were on
. the Shamrock in both Tuesday.?
and ii'-day's races. l)r. Mackie, speaking
for Si;- Thomas L,ipton, said the. two men
were aboard the English boat simply be
cause they are friends of Captains
Hogarth and n'ringe.
"You may t ly," -aid Dr. Mackie this
evening, "that Captain Parker is here
with Emperor Willidm's permission, but
pii rise make it plain that he lias nothing
whatever to do with the sailing and man
agement of the Shamrock. Captains Ho
garth and Wri:iu> are In Bupreme com
mand and one of them has the. tiller at all
tim-s during the races. The report thai
Captain Parker steered the Shamrock
during Tuesday's race Is absurd. Either
Hogarth or Wringe steered throughout
test."
C. Oliver Is' lin declined to discuss to
day's rate, but was disappointed at not
La\ Ing a steady breeze.
DEBATE WON BY
ANTI-EXPANSIONISTS
Interesting Session of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union
at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 6.— At to-nlghfe
session of the State Convention of the
Women's Christian Temperance Union
there was a debate on the question: "Re
solved, That territorial expansion by force
of arms is contrary to the principles of
righteous government."
The speakers for the affirmative pre
sented the argument that in acquiring the
Philippines the United States was merely
following out its natural purpose of
growth and development and that Chris
tianity would be the gainer by the con
quest. It remained for Miss Sarah Sever
ance, however, to explode these argu
ments. When she had finished a vote was
taken and while scores stood up In answer
to the call for a vote on the negative
there was not a single delegate to arise
in defense of the war in the Philippines.
ESMERALDA GOLD MINE
MAY CHANGE HANDS
Statement That an English Syndicate
Has Been Formed to Purchase
the Rich Property.
TOLT'CA, Mex., Oct. s.— lt is announced
here that another English syndicate with
a capital of $5,000,000 gold has been formed
for the purpose of purchasing the fam
ous Esmeralda gold mine in the El Oro
district near here., and that an option of
$600,000 has been given on the property.
A few months ago an English syndicate
secured a $400. 000 option on this mine, the
proposed purchase price being $3,000,000.
There was a hitch in the deal a«d the
option was forfeited.
Strength of the Yaquis.
CITY OF MEXICO. Oct. 5.-The War
Department has Just received an official
report from General Luis Torres, who has
command of the troops sent against the
Taqui Indians, in the State of Sonora
General Torres estimated that the total
number of Yaquis now under arms Is over
4000 men.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c.
ANOTHER INJUSTICE IN
FREIGHT RATE TARIFF
SOUTHERN PACIFIC INCREASES
THE TAX ON WINE,
The Price Raised From Sixty, to Sev
enty-five Cents per Hundred
Pounds on Shipments
in Wood.
The increased Southern Pacific freight
rates on twenty-two articles, published in
The Call a few days ago, went Into ef
fect to-day, and there is another and
important article which is marked out for
Increased taxation on the loth of this
month.
■Shippers of wine, one of the principal |
■products of this State, are to be forced to
li-ay an extra tribute In order to get their
■^."nis in Eastern markets. Formerly the
Irate on wine in wood was fiO cents pi r I X)
■pounds, ;i rate which was considered high,
Ibut now tliat ligure has been Increased
It" 7," cents, and on this charge there is a
I.' per cent addition for all wine shipped
lin puncheons. This 20 per cent Increase
Pon the puncheons Is claimed as a differ
ential which has always linen charged by
the company, and the raise Is said to be
merely based on the larger volume of
wine shipped in wood in order that the
differential shall not be lost.
The merchants say this is a subterfuge;
that the Southern Pacific never before
charged any. such differential; that form
erly wine in word and wine in puncheons
went at the same figure, and that there
lore the 20 per cent is an increase that is
unwarranted by any precedent
However this may be, the raise has gone
Into effect, and the men doing business in
this State with Chicago and all other
Eastern distributing points must stand it,
whether they like it or not.
At 9:3fl yesterday morning the track in
the vicinity of Cisco was cleared of the
wreckage occasioned by the !>ig snowshed
fires, and trains were running through as
usual. The overland that should have ar- I
i rived the night before got in at about 6|
o'clock last evening. The regular over
• land was about two hours late. Manager
'■ 3. A. Fillmore naturally feels rather proud
' of his work in opening the road.
WOMAN MURDERED
BY A NEGRO FIEND
Being Arrested, the Jail Is Attacked
by a Mob, but Held at Bay by
Alined Guards.
MAYSVIT.U;, Ky., Oct. C— Mrs. Mary
Lashbrook, the wife of a well-to-do
farmer and a member of one of the old
est families in this county, was out
■ and murdered yesterday at her
home at ('larks Station, six miles from
hen While alone at home Bhe went to
an outhouse, and while there it is sup
posed that one or more tramps who have
been in the neighborhood t'<>r several days
attacked her. After the outrage her as-
Bailanta secured a club ami beat out the
woman's brains. Last night the officers
brought in Richard Coleman, a young
negro, who "has confessed to having mur
dered Mis. Lashbrook. They were able
t<. get him into the jail through a mob of
■!'!•■ by telling the crowd they were
not sure of Coleman'a K r uilt. It is doubt
ful whether they will be able to save the
negro's life.
At 2 o'clock this (Friday) morning the
mob broke down the jail. The first man
to enter w»« thrown out by the guards
inside, who then stood off the crowd with
drawn g-uns.
INVOICES FALSIFIED.
Trouble Between Shippers and the
Canadian Government.
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct 5.— A rumor was
current to-il;ty that trouble is brewing be
tween certain Bhippers of goods from this
city to Dawson and the Canadian Cus
toms Department, and that an Investi
gation-of the matter has been directed
Prom Ottawa. The mi: " v i- in tl ffivt
thiit there has been extensive falsifying
of Invoices in goods shipped in bond and
that tlicre has been general undervalua
tion.
Details of the matter are lacking, and
there are few people at this point who
would have any intimation of it until
developments are made. There are about
five different ways of bonding: goods
through to foreign countries, and mani
fests for nil or any one would be filed at
the port of entry. On the Skaguay route
manifests would be filed with the Cana
dian customs officers stationed at the
boundary line, where they would make
their valuations and where crookedness
would be discovered, if there were any.
WARRANT FOR WHITESIDE.
Former Senator of Montana Charged
With Attempted Bribery.
BTTTTE, Mont., Oct. 5.— A special to tho
Miner from Kalispel, Mont., says a war
rant has been issued by justice M. J.
Sullivan of that city charging Fred
Whiteside with tho crime of kttemptpd
bribery. Whiteside is the plaintiff in the
$100,000 libel BttH against the Miner Pub
lishing Company and is the ex-Senator
from Flathead County, who made tho
sensational j>lay at the last session of the
Legislative Assembly by depositing $30,
--000 with the clerk with the statement that
he had received It for the purpose of
purchasing votes in the Senatorial fight.
The complaining witness in the present
caso Is R S. W. Folk, who was Deputy
rlerk of Flathead County last fall. He
charges Whiteside with having approach
ed him on November 13, 180S, and offering
him the sum of $1000 to let him get at the
poll books, tally sheets, oaths of elec
tion officers and ballots cast at the elec
tion which was held on November 8, 1898.
Fires at Ben Lomond.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 5.*-Forest fires in the
Santa Cruz Mountains have filled San
Jose and the vicinity with smoke all day.
In Los Gatos thft smoke was so dense as
to be very uncomfortable. The fires are
raging about Ben Lomond and In the vi
cinity of AVrights and along the line of
the narrow-gauge road. They are mainly
confined to underbrush and Los Gatos is
not believed to be In any danger, though
many of the mountain fruit ranches will
suffer.
Furniture Factory Burned.
SOUTH ASHHURXHAM, Ma??., Oct. 5.
The large furniture factory of the Al
len-Thompson-Whitney Company of Bos
ton at South Ashburriham was destroyed
by fire to-day, at a loss of from $">O,OOO to
$75,000, which Is fully covered by insur
ance. About 130 men are thrown out of
employment.
ST. FRANCIS BEGINS
ITS DAY OF JUBILEE
FATHER FILBERT DELIVERS A
STIRRING SERMON.
Fiftieth Birthday of the Church to
Be Celebrated During the Rest
of the Week.
Father Fllbort, one of the most ad
vanced prelates of the church in this
city, Wednesday opened the week of
Jubilee which is to celebrate the fiftieth
anniversary of St. Francis Church with
one of the most eloquent sermons ever
delivered from a pulpit in this city.
Although his theme, the life of the
patron saint of the church, was inspiring
enough in itself, the steadfast attention
of the crowd that filled the handsome edi
fice at Vallejo street and Montgomery
avenue was even mure so, and for the
half hour he spoke there was not a mo
ment In which hlx words lacked lnti rest.
The decorations were rich and beautiful.
The chancel and altar were banked with
ferns and white flowers, and the gallery
and choir loft were draped with yellow
and white hangings.
The programme rendered by the choir
was one of exceptional merit, and some of
the most prominent artists of the city
participated. Among them were Pro
fessors H. J. Stewart, Harrison. Arillaga,
anu H. S. Stedman, Messrs, Van Brunt,
Benyl, Mrs. Eva Tenru-, Ml.ss Maud Fay,
Miss Ella McCloSky, Miss Katherine
Black, Miss A. Devlin, Miss C. Devlin and
Mrs. C. Parent.
The jubilee services will he continued
through the week, beginning each night
at 7:.'W o'clock. Father Carrol, who con
ducted the services last night, will con
tinue to do so through the week, but
will be assisted by different prelates of
this city, who will speak each evening
upon some special topic.
CHINESE TO CELEBRATE.
Cliee Kung Tong Will Commence a,
Series of Unique Festivities.
The annual festivities of the Chee Kung
Tong will commence in Spofford alley
about 11 o'clock to-night. They will be of
a character surpassing anything that has
boon on the tapis In the Chinese quarter
for some time. The ancient deity of the
tong will be the obiect of special worship
and praise, and hlr protection over hia
followers will be implored. The ceremo
isi. b will be prefaced by a grand parade,
after which there will b« an abundance
of music und of prayer.
Over Spnffnrd alley a large canopy has
been hung to project the celebrants.
Myriads of electric lights have been
strung into position, and the decorations
will be of the richest handiwork of the
Chinese. Behind the grand stand, which
lias hen erected. 18 a wall of silken ma
terial on which is worked grotesque fig
ures of men, beasts and flowers. The
cost of this silken decoration figures in
the thousands of dollars.
OLD PIONEER GONE.
John Malone, an Old Trader, Dies at
Crescent City.
John Malone, a well-known resident of
Del Norte and a Pacific Coast pioneer,
died at Crescent City yesterday. Deceas
ed came to California In IS6I and followed
mining in 1 1 i • - interior counties of the
State for two years. He then chartered
a freight steamer and conducted a trade
between this city and Crescent City for
a number of years. He has had extensive
busin< ps relations in San Francisco and
was well known in commercial circles.
He accumulated considerable money and
retired from active business a few years
ago. Ho was 82 years of age and two
sons and a daughter survive him. He
was an uncle of Mrs. Alonzo. Mason of
this city.
WESTWARD JOURNEY
OF THE PRESIDENT
At Every Station the Party Is Greeted
With Large Crowds of Enthu
siastic People.
LAFAYETTE, Ind.. Oct. B.— As the
Presidential train went westward through
the State of Ohio and into Indiana the
crowds at the stations grew very large.
At every station the crowd clamored
loudly for a speech, but the President
skillfully evaded these requests by bring
ing forward and introducing successively
the members of the Cabinet, each of,
whom was invariably greeted with much
applause. The President shook hands
with as many as could reach him at sev
eral stations. So the first day of the trip
has been passed, contrary to expectations,
without an address or speech of any kind.
The crowds were Invariably enthuslastio
and hearty in their greeting. At almost
all of the stops bands were stationed to
play "Hail to the Chief" as the train
pulled in. Illinois will be crossed during
the night, and at 8 o'clock to-morrow
morning the party will arrive in Qutncy,
where the President will speak at the
Soldiers' Home.
DRINK RUINED HIM.
F. E, Hulbert of Bedlands Ends His
Life After a Spree.
REDLANDS, Oct. 5.-F. E. Hulbert of
this city committed suicide this morning.
Hulbert has been drinking heavily for
the past two weeks. He became abusive
to his wife and they separated last Fri
day, he securing rooms in another part
of the city. His wife told him when he
quit drinking he could return.
At 7 o'clock this morning, when Lyman
Russell. Hulbort's father-in-law, went to
the barn to attend to the horses he dis
covered Hulbert's body in the buggy
shed. A bottle containing twenty grains
of strychnine lay by his side. Hulbort
left a letter to his wife in which he stated
it would be the last he would ever write.
He expressed his love for her and asked
her to teach their son Harry to avoid in
toxicating liquors. Deceased was 29 years
of age and leaves a widow and one son.
New Coal Fields.
PACHUCA, Mexico, Oct. s.— Extensive
coal fields have been discovered in the
Tlaxcala district near here. The coal is
of good quality and the fields are to be
developed on a large scale. The discov
ery Is of great importance to the railway
and industrial interests of Mexico.
Shot a Burglar.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. s.— Mrs. Bonnell,
who lives on East Adams street, shot a
burglar last night while he was trying to
effect an entrance into her house. The
man escaped, but left a trail of blood and
the police hope to secure him.
MARCONI DUPLICATES
HIS SUCCESSFUL WORK
OF LAST TUESDAY
NEW YORK, Oct. o.— Owing to
weather conditions New York wa i
entirely dependent upon Signor
Marconi and his wireless Bystem
of telegraphy for authentic news
of to-day's race between the Co
lombia and Shamrock for the America's
cup. Signor Marconi in reporting the
event for The Call and Herald not only
did not disappoint the public, but he fur
nished every detail of the race quite as
promptly as during the first contest on
Tuesday, when the yachts kept well
toward shore. Over most of the course
followed by the yachts to-day a heavy
fog prevailed, and this made it impos
sible for observers in signal stations
along the New Jersey and Long Island
shores to distinguish the two yachts for
nmro than an hour after 12 o'clock. The
other reports indicated that the Sham
rock way In the lead, but Signor Mar
coni, in his special messages, not only told
that the Columbia had the lead, but fur
nished many details of the maneuvers
aboard the contesting yacht?.
Two feats were accomplished by Signor
Marconi which attracted the especial at
tention of the crowds that gathered in
front of the Herald building to get the
latest news of the race. The first was the
receipt in the Herald's office of a dis
patch at twenty-three minutes past 12
1c in which Signor Marconi told that
the yachts were going between five ami
six knots an hour; that the Columbia
was an eighth of a mile In the lead and
that the course was remarkably clear.
When that dispatch was received all New
Fork was In doubt about the race. The
other newsgathering agencies had been
qualifying their dispatches for an hour,
admitting that the hazy weather condi
tions made it impossible to obtain accu
rate information about the yachts by the
usual methods.
In several subsequent dispatches Signor
Marconi reported that the Columbia was
still in the lead, although the only other
reports insisted that the Shamrock was
leading.
The accuracy of the wireless telegraph
reports were proved at 1:26 o'clock, when
a dispatch was received from the sain.'
authority which had reported the Sham
rock as the leader. This dispatch, I
upon news brought by a dispatch boat
which left the scene of the race at 12:20
o'clock, completely verified Signor Mar
coni's message which announced that the
Columbia at that time was leading by an
eighth of. a mile. Signor Marconi thus
beat the next best system for reporting
races by one hour and 2 minutes.
The next most notable feature, and cer
tainly the most remarkable and Impor
tant, was Signor Marconi's reply to a
message from the Herald asking if a ru
mor that the Grand Republic, an excur
sion steamship, had been sunk, was true.
This rumor, which gained circulation
early in the afternoon, caused great anx
iety among relatives and friends of those
aboard the Grand Republic. The vessel,
which is a large one, carried hundreds of
persons out to witness the races, and it
was impossible for more than an hour to
learn positively whether the report of .a
terrible catastrophe was true or false. A
message was sent from the Herald to the
steamship Ponce, from which Signor Mar
coni was operating the wireless system,
asking if the Grand Republic actually had
gone down. In an incredibly short time
the fears of all were swt at. rest by the. re
ceipt of an answer from Signor Marconi.
This read: "Grand Republic all right.
Following General Slocum in."
While the entire country was In doubt
as to whether the Columbia or Shamrock
was leading, later in the afternoon, Signor
Marconi gave another demonstration of
the value of the wireless telegraph sys
tem. It was reported by various after
noon newspapi rs that the racing yachts
had rounded the stakeboat soon after 2
o'clock, and the public was kept in doubt
as to whether the boats were on the first
or second leg of the course. Signor Mar
coni's dispatches indicated that the stak&
boat had not been rounded, and there
was much speculation as to who was
right. This, like every' other important
point of the day's contest, was later in
the day settled by the wireless telegraph.
Signor Marconi's reports were the only
on>? giving any accurate news of the sit
uation during the last hour of the contest.
He sent at 3:or> o'clock news that the
Shamrock had drawn up alongside the
Columbia and had passed her. Five mm
Utes later he sent another dispatch tell
ing that the Shamrock still retained her
position. By another agency it was an- j
nounced at 3:15 o'clock that while it was
11 f
I Just 90 cents.
p Rather small price for a hat. Too small, perhaps I
H some people may draw conclusions that it is a ninety I
Si cent hat in quality and be prejudiced against it. ~
H But the hat is worth $1. — that is its regular com- \
» mercial value — that is the price of a hat of like \
H quality elsewhere — that is the price we would sell 1
1 it for if we didn't care to make a special of it. t
j] Derbys— colors, black and brown. f
I Fedoras— colors, black, brown, pearl and cedar. I
U — colors, same as Fedoras. * 1
U^g-N.WQQQg CO (##)
i 7IBMARKETST" \^^/ I
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
i impossible to see the yachts distinctly the
Columbia seemed to be half a mile in tho
lead. At the same instant Signor Marconi
made it known that the Shamrock was
two lengths ahead. When the race was
declared oft Signor Marconi at 3:4s o'clock
sent a dispatch announcing that at the
time of the linish the Shamrock was In
the lead and had the better position.
Those who were relying on other news
agencies were assuming that the Colum
bia, Instead of the Shamrock, was lead
ing at the Qniah. Representatives of other
newspapers continue to show their appre
ciation of the value of the wireless tele
graph system. As fast a3 Signor Mar
coni dispatches were posted on the bul
letin board in front of the Herald build
ing these men would copy the messages
and hurry away to Inform their news
paper offices, One amusing illustration of
the result came to lig^t. Several other
metropolitan newspapers have branch of
fices in the vicinity of Herald Square, and
on a board In front or one. 01 these
branches a bulletin was posted at twenty
seven minutes alter 12 o'clock announcing
that owing to the fog neither of the racing
yachts could be seen. While this bulletin
was being posted the latest dispatch from
bignor Marconi, announcing that the Co
lumbia was an eighth of a mile ahead,
was being posted in front of the Herald
building. Three minutes aner the rival
newspaper had reported that nothing
could be seen of the yachts it posted an
other bulletin announcing that the Co
lumbia was an eighth of a mile ahead.
Those in the crowd who observed the
quick transformation made merry over it.
Fifteen hundred passengers on the
j steamer Grande Duchesse left the Plant
Line pier at Canal street to-day at half
past '.» o'clock, jubilant with the certainty
they felt that they were to see a mag
nificent race. W. J. Clarke's apparatus
for sending wireless telegrams by tho
Marconi system attracted great attention
on the Grande Duchesse. Passengers
] gathered about the wheelhouse and
watched the sending of bulletins.
Messages were sent to the Highlands
and to the Mackay-Bennett cable ship,
covering the movements of the yachts,
when Signor Marconi was not using the
aerial telegraph from the Ponce. Bul
letins sent by Marconi were received and
pieces of the tape on which they were
; printed automatically were carried away
by tho passengers as souvenirs.
The following message written by Cap- -
tain George 1.. Norton was sent: "Fifteen
I hundred loyal citizens of New York desire
to congratulate the Herald on the success
of the Marconi system of wireless teleg
j raphy on board the Grande Duchesse."
In double-column measure the Evening
; Journal continued (in red type) its dis
| crepancies as follows:
"At 2:15 the yachts were made out about
i twelve miles to the southward. Through
I the haze they appeared to have turned the
Btakeboat and were splitting tacks, the
Columbia having a lead of over a mile.
"2:20 p. in.— Columbia's lead has been
: reduced by Shamrock. The wind is fresh
| ening where the yachts are. They may
finish within the time limit.
"Two-thirds of the course was covered
! at 2:22 and the Columbia then led by less
j than 300 yards. Both were on port tack,
with a fair breeze filling their sails.
"3 p. m.— The boats are now in port tack
i headed toward the Jersey coast on the
way home."
No doubt the Evening Journal did its
I best, but that was not much compared
; with Its more enterprising contemporary,
i the Evening Telegram. The latter, fully
i informed to the moment by Signor Mar
j coni's system, instead of announcing that
1 two-thirds of the distance had been coy-
I ered at 20 minutes past 2 o'clock, told its
I readers that the first stakeboat was still
1 miles away.
The Associated Press bulletined to the
i entire country that the yachts turned the
i first stakeboat at 2:25, whereas when the
i race was finally called off the Shamrock
i leading, was still about three miles from
I the turn. .
I Away out In San Francisco the reliabil-
i ty of the Marconi system was quickly
i realized. Two of the papers, the Chroni
-1 cle and the Examiner, failed to give due
! credit to the work of Signor Marconi. The
Call used greater wisdom, hence the fol
i lowing dispatch from its editor to the
! Herald:
"Accept congratulations on to-day's
j success. Chronicle and Examiner report
ed yachts turned Btakeboat at 2:25. Later
on had them six miles from home, running
very fast. EDITOR CALL,"
On board the Ponce all was enthusiasm
i In spite of the dismal failure of the at
j tempt to raise sufficient wind to make a
I race. The haze, which shut out the Jer
i sey shore, made it certain that a fair test
■ would be given to the Marconi system of
wireless telegraphy, and that was what
was wanted. From the Ponce the bul
! letins were sent to an expert operator, who
: telegraphed them over a direct wire lead
! ing into the Herald office. Thus the ser
-1 vice was made practically Instantaneous.
; Every individual on the Ponce took a
i personal interst in the work of reporting
I the race, and the crowd about the chart
j room from which the telegraphing was
done never dwindled.EX-SENATOR HARLAN
IS CALLED TO REST
Was a Noted Statesman and Educator and
the Last of Lincoln's Cabinet.
THE LATE JAMES HARLAN.
D 3 MOIXES, la.. Oct. s.— The death of ex-United States Senator James
1 at his home in Mount Pleasant. la., at 9:30 o'clock this
i illapse having taken place
The Immed of death « - ■ '
ed with liver Trouble. O\ i d in attending tl
- [ova Methodist Conference last week aggravated his mala
tration. H ter, the wife of Hon. Robert T. Lii
■ I from New York City and was at his bedside. < >\
Whitford, Mr. and Mrs. i -\nd son. . v ts have
for the fu I it witt probably he held from lowa V.
int ] S ....
was a nai te of Miami 1
■ ■ ■ ■ • lowa
ed at lowa City. Scl
i I Mr. Harlan ..
ted to
and Mr. Harlai ■ I State £ iperin
■
was the
r Benton, a scholar Df note, who,
• nctlon. Mr. Harlan never returned
\ • n of the term of General A. < '.
■ ation of Silver Grey Whigs. Free Soiler*
: ward known •_. Anti-Lecompton
n 1655. He waa re-elected, and remained
tment as Secretary of the I ■■ ileb
■ • rm in the- Senate, but v. feated for
• rnor Kirkwood, who had been the war Governor of the S
H e ;. eturn to the Senate, but. being defeated, retired
■ i home in E
a " ■ Court of Alabama claim?. He waa a pow
e • early hlstor; I 51 I uad is the last of its public men who
tly identified with its pioneer period. }]<■ was an orator of great
. 3 regarded > the Methodist Church as one of its
- in the West.
GOOD PRICE PAID
FOR THE RAISIN CROP
Advance Prices This Year Will Equal
the Total Price Received
Last Year.
FRESNO. Oct. o.— i ne directors or m*
California Raisin Growers 1 Assoeiatior
held an Important meeting -day at
which the amount of the advance pay
ments to be made to the growers was
decided upon. The advance payments
alone will this year equal the total price
received by the growers last year.
Following are the advances agreed up
on to be paid upon ail goods now deliv
-red at the packing-houses: 2-crown, 2\i
:ents; 3-crown, 3 cents; 4-crown, 3^
rents; layers, 4 cents; si.-dless Sultanas,
: ! 2 cents; Thompson seedless, 3 cents.
The payments will be rruule promptly.
Reports received by the association in
licate that there will be no difficulty in
naintaining the prices recently agreed
ipon by the directors. Mai sales have
already been made at the new rates and
indications are that the shipments east
will be as heavy as last year.
♦
Test of the Saloon Law
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. s.— James Hay^n
convicted in Judge Gardner
•i misdemeanor in ki
his - n after 11 p. m. and finr-d
$25, the case i»ing prosecuted for tl
. Boyd. No especial blame
dr. Hayden, whose
oked upon as being very orderly and
\ but the authorities simply to
breach in his ra-- to mak*
■ case In the courts.
We i nd balance of this woek, unless sooner. Sold 20 dozen
i tights, black, worth $L5O and ?2. Sales are slow and
Lj loses money. All sizes for ladies at ."0 cents pair. Black Jersey-
• ants (not many), 25 cents. Best variety In town of Jersey-ribbed
from little child's at a few cents to ladies' sizes at 2F)O, 50c, 75c
• "the best made. Extra sizes for ladies wearing- 50 in goods
250 pounds.
HALF PRICE OFFERS- TO ALL COMERS,
HiacK ribbed nt«, ladles' 25c
Gray ribbed pants, ladies' • 25c |
finest equestrian tights, $1 SO goods 30c
Girls' heavy gray pant?, S to 15 years 20c
Boys' white drawers, . to 6 years 1 ."■»>•
Ladles' ?;•-. merino underwear 38c 1
Fummc-r underwear, Me quality 12Vic
I ".lack stockings for children 8c
ran ribbed stocking?, 5 to 9>,4 Sc
Ladles' h^me-made wrappers, dark 7,"c
Ladles' homo-made sateen wrappers 91.25 :
Ladle*? tennis flannel nightgowns sOc up '
Ladies' muslin underwear 25c up !
Heavy wool hose, made to last 25c '
stocking yarn, good 12 color?, p*r It, 75c j
Black Fatec-n. pretty and good 10c
Figured and striped sateens, beautiful He 1
r >!ght sateen nt calico price U : ,«-
Handsome 10c dr*ss ginghams; see window. .5c
Muslin unbleached, family grade .-,<•
«UUe folks' Sunday fhoes. V grade (;.-,,.
Bigger ones In fine kid, S to 11V£ KOc
3!rls' kid shoes, latest styles ..-,.
Nadirs' stylish shoes, button or lace #1.00 :
"hocolate shoes, . lips'. 4 to 6 si.no
Rubber overshoes, big girls to size 3 100 :
Better try to save money when you can. It i
•ou never want it your friends would be glad to
•* remembered.
BATTLE WITH THE
FORCES OF ARAB MULLAH
Indo-British Land on Coast of So-
Mali and in the Engagement
Kill Many Natives.
PARIS. Oct. s.— According to a dispatch
from Ras Jibutai, on the Gulf of Aden,
the Indo-British troops recently landed on
the Somali coast and fought near Berbera,
on a bay of the Gulf of Aden, with the
forces of an Arab mullah, named Shiek
Mohammed Saleh, who had been pro
claimed Mahdi by the Hinterland M ;s
--sulmar.s, who are it- m uprising
of the Somalls the Abyssinlans.
During the fighting 2JO Soma'lis were
killed.
Fsver at Tampico
AT'STIN, Oct. '>.— Th<> official announce
ment that yellow fever has again made
its appearance at Tampico and that there
are now a number of cns^s in that city
has caused the quarantine along ti
rder to be enforced with the
greatest vigor, and everything possible is
being done by the Texas health authori
ties t" prevent an entrance of the disease
into the State from the infected places
of Mexico. It is reported that the Mon-
Mexico, health authorities have
also established a quarantine against
Tampico.
Repairs to the Badger.
VAL.LEJO, Oct. s.— Orders were receiv
ed here to-day to repair the I'nited States
Badger, preparatory to her
• to Manila. The work, it is esti
wiil take eighteen days.
10 ids j-.aftern yellow or white cornmeal.... 10c
10 lbs Northern whole wheat flour 23c
10 lbs Northern graham (10ur.... two
Bulk rolled wheat. 13 ll»s !!!!!!!!! 25c
Germoa, 4-lb package !!!! " Jsc
"Western rolled oats, 11 lbs !.!.!!! 25c
Fancy Japan rice (our No. 2 grade). 12 lbs !r»l»c
Habbitl's soap. 7 bare 25c
Ivory soap .".'.'." '"<Jiic
Cocoa. Ghlrardelll's, V 4» '.' ' 2Oc
Cocoa. Ohirardtlli's, Is !!!! ;t7 «•
Cocoa. Royal Dutch. V 4» ..!..! .13 C
Cocoa, 'hi Ilouton's, Is !!!!!!. 75c
Chocolate, Ghlrardein'o, 1 lb, ground'!!!'
Chocolate. Ghlrardelli'F. 3 lbs, ground!!!! 05c
Olive oil. Imported, 1 ga110n....... «i <;•»
Beef extract. Hex. 2 oz ...7.7.7.2§c
AVhlte bayou, or pink beans, 11 lbs !!! '25c '
Corn, Western, per can "" 7 e
Corn, fancy F. F. c 7.'.'.'.'.i'oc
Tomatoes. Costa' s, gallons ! 2Oe
French peas. imported, second grade 12Vic
CASH STORE
25 27 Market St,
THE SAISI FKAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAT, OCTOBER 6, 1899.
RACED INTO PORT WITH
HER CARGO IN FLAMES
Mallory Line Steamer Leoaa Goes Down at Her
Wharf and Two Firemen Narrowly
Escape Death.
NEW YORK. Oct. s.— The Mallory '
Line steamer Leona was burned !
and sunk at her wharf in East !
River to-night. The cargo, con- !
si.-stiiiE of tobacco and SOOO bates j
• of cotton, and valued at $250,000 to $300,000,
I is a total loss and the boat is little bet- i
ter than a wreck.
It is believed that the Leona, which i
sailed from Galveston September 27, j
! caught fire at sea several days ago, since j
' which lime she ha" proceeded at ull
I speed with battened hatches for this ;
! port. At 3:CO this afternoon the Leona !
! came racing up East River to her pier, j
! where haste was made to disembark the \
| passenger:- and open the tehee An !
! hour later an army of men was vainly j
i fighting :: fire in the steamer* hold, j
| Finally the ship as scuttled As ioon
i as the Le ma made fast to the pier, about I
FOREST FIRES
IN MARIN COUNTY
Much Valuable Timber
Has Been Destroyed.
Spe< lal Dls] atch to Ttv
SAX RAFAEL, Oct. 3.- i- : -• Brea ar<
raging m'er a vast area of tei
rthwesti m part of Mtarin Cou ty,
, such volumes oi smoke have drifted
southward that to-day this citj res s
anopy of smoke so thick that
;h ii the sun appears likr a huge ' a 1
of ti:- ging ::. the western h< i
rywhere have been complain
lue to the i i
; :. an I at Cam;. Taylor, twelve
miles northwest ot" here, the air is so h.it
- ■ render life anything but p
Aside from the Inconvenience resulting
from th >< forest fires s Ive damage
will doubtless be done and hundreds of
men living in the reg ■- are
ut lighting thorn in i
way • , the woodsman. Much
matui • . ' : " redwood
ither timber and brush on the hill-
I urned over, and the path
- marked by a blackened
waste of < -untry- There is danger that
several of the small
villages at region, and the destructive
of the fire be thereby greatly in
creased, though there is little danger I
. lif<;.
The fire broke out last Tuesday evening
while a stiff breez< waa blowing from the
north, and In a short while was raging
and roaring through the timber belt.
the smoke from the fire had
,mp Taylor, and to-day hung
. t iiver the city, some even being
i down the valley toward Sausalito.
that if the fire does not
burn Itself out In a day or two or its pro-
Is fiot hindered by those who are
fighting <t the smoke will drift across the
bay. The tenter of the fire is said to be
about ten miles from Cazadero.
A curious feature of the fire is the
flight of wild animals to a place of safety.
Small fnrae of all kinds and even deer
been noticed yesterday and to-day
-rig th« country r< ads In all direc
- a few miles this side of Cazadero.
BATTLE FLAG RESTORED
TO TEXAS RANGERS
Interesting Relic Once More in the
Hands of the Famous Confeder
ate Organization.
DALLAS, Tex., Oct s.— The tattered
battletiag of Terry's Texas Rangers was
to-day restored to the remnant of the gal
lant Confederate band, the ceremonies
taking place at the auditorium at the fair
grounds.
Governor Mount of Indiana, in an im
pressive speech before a iarge assemblage,
presented the flag to Governor Bayers,
who in turn presented it to Hon. James
Miller, president of the Association of
Terry's Rangers. <;r~;tt enthusiasm was
manifested during the proceedings.
The flag is an Interesting relic. The
Rangers claim that it was never 'captured,
but that it was lost while they were in
retreat. The Indianans, however, assert
■ it fell into their regiment's hands
during the heat of battle. Terry's Rangers
formed one of the most famous regiments
of the war.
TEACHERS' INSTITUTE.
Many Interesting 1 Papers Read and
Discussed at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. s.— At the session
of the County Teachers' Institute in the
High School building this morning, in the
primary section C. P. Nellsun spoke on
"Drawing" and Miss Ann T. Porter of
Branclforte School on "General Methods."
In the intermediate section the discussion
of language was led by Misa Marguerite
Gilday of Doughertys. Miss Edna L.
Scott of Sentts Valley led the discussion
on Geography. In the grammar section
W. W. Wilson led the teachers in arith
metic and algebra.
In the Congregational church this aft
ernoon, at the general session the first top
ic for discussion was "Rhetorical Exer
cises: How to Make Them More Bene
ficial." The discussion was participated
in by Misses Nettie Newman. Ida Mc-
Adam. Ma M. Manley, M. E. Baker, w.
T. Forsyth and others. C. P. Neilson gave
an address on drawing. The Hon. Thomas
J. Kirk. Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion for the State of California, then gave
a Htining address to the teachers assem
bled.
Tho. church was crowded this evening
by an audience who came to hear a popu
lar lecture. "The Passing of the Boy and
the <>irl." by Dr. Ell McCltsh, president
of the I'nlversity of the Pacific at College
Park.
The teachers sent a telegram of greeting
to Dr. Benjamin Wheeler, the new presi
dent of the State University at Berkeley,
to which he made a fitting response.
NEW ELECTRIC ROAD.
May Be Constructed Between Winters
and Elkhorn.
WOODLAND. Oct. s.— Attorney Clark
of this city says that at the November
meeting of the Roard of Supervisors he
will ask for a franchise to construct and
operate an electric railway between AVin
ters and Elkhorn, via A\ oodlanil.
Elkhorn is a landing on the Sacramento
River, east of Woodland, to which point
the bulk of the heavy freight for wood
land is shipped by boat during the sum
mer and fall. The road between Wood
land and ElKhorn during the rainy season
Is Impassable.
Says He Was Abused.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. s.— Michael Gross.
lately a patient at the Highlands Insane
Asylum, has made sensational charges
against thnt institution in answer to a
suit filed a«ninst him by the asylum for
3>421 for his support. Gross claims that the
treatment he received In the hospital was
not worth $1." per month. He avers that
be was compelled to work nicht and day
during his stay at the asylum, and thinks
that his services were worth at least $60
per month. He also alleges brutality on
4 o'clock, the officers of the vessel, com
manded by Captain Wilder, ordered the
members of the crew to try to put cut
the tire 'n the hold without calling the
Fire Department. This was soon found
to be ■■■ and an alarm waa sent
In. Bj 5:30 o'clock ten streams were
playing Tr m ."ire engines and six streams
from fire-boats.
At 6 o'clock, when aboul seventy fire
men, with the ••'\oi" and deputy chief
were on Lh< ' oal working, the Tire was
found to be beyond the efforts of the
firemen, and an order was civ^n to open
■-. order to al
low ■ • ' rti . \ r Itle. When
ng to star
board most of the firemen li ft the ?hip
by sliding down a hose which was
fastened r o the wheel.
the rnrt of the attendants, claiming to
ki tl In a room ; thi
not i ": • • t only <ne
. day and but little food.
BURGLARS BLOW OPEN
AND ROB A BANK
Cashier Declares Th.37 Secured but
SICQ ;. While Otlicis Etate
They Got $5000.
RIPPEY, lowa. Oct. Z.— Burglars en
tered the Commercial Bank here at *
o'clock this morning and blew open tht
=afo with niti cerin. The bank cash
ier declares the robbers pet only $1500, but
others claim the amount was J3OCO.
-»
A RIVAL TO YOSEMITE
Congress Will Be Asked to Establish
Another Park.
STOCKTON, Oct 5. — Congressman
Needham, who has just returned from a
trip through the mountain ranges capped
by Mount Whitney, will ask the next Con
. g;es:- to establish a second nation 
in this S'aie having similar regulations
i yosemlte. Needham was twenty-five
days In the saddle and Bays he spent
time exploring a valley lying within
mo confines of Tulare which t<> his mind
rival: the Yosetnite in the splendor of
nature's handiwork.
It Is higher ::i altitude, more <liver?e in
grandeur and fully as striking in beauty.
Th«* place Is rarely vir-ite.; by tourists, as
■ t generally known
What is needed principa ly is a road. One
whirl; was !>;:ik some years ago leading
to 1 socialisi <-i>l<.ny v.;i: :\n<wpr for part
or the way, but othei i 1 n> make
t!:,' p- rge acre ■■.■!•• t<. tourists. Xo>.l
ham conferred with Congressman De
Vries with a view .if securing his aid, 'he
latter having hi tn such
matters, as yosemlte lies mostly in his
district.
Poison in tha Beer.
LOS ANGfeLES, Oct. .".--Mrs. Ethel j
Bun Bide was jak.'n to the City Receiving ,
,tl this morning suffering from the!
effects of poison. Prcir.pt measures saved
her life. She says that hi-r husband
brought som< beer home last night, and
after drinking a few swallows "f it Bhe
was taken with cramps. Her husband is
employed in cr.f of the city parks, and
the police are now looking for him.
DEATH OF WELL
KNOWN ATTORNEY
Hepburn Wilkins of San
Rafael Is Dead.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. s.— Attorney Hep
burn Wilklns, a prominent attorney of
Mann County, who was also well-known
in San Francisco, passed away at his rtsi
dence in this dty to-night of aenemia.
He had been in failing health for several
weeks, due primarily to overwork and too
studious application to his legal affairs.
Upon the advice of two physicians he
took a '-acation a month ago, but re
turned home in worse health than when
he departed. He sank .so rapidly thai
three days ago his physicians gave up ali
hope and advised his relatives to prepare
for the worst. Surrounded by his wife
and two little children, bis mother, his
brother James H. Wllklns, and a few in
timate fri • i .is. be passed away painlessly
shortly before 11 o'clock to-night.
The deceased, who was a native of
Maryland, came to San Krancisco vith
his parents and brother James in 1&63.
His father, also a lawyer, was the first
resident of San Rafael, and purchased the
first commutation ticket between this city
and San Francisco, for which he paid $36.
Hepburn graduated from the university
with high nonors, and was shortly after
ward admitted to the bar. In the course
of his practice he has had some of the
most noted land cases in the history of
the State. The deceased is survived by
his mother, a widow and two small chil
dren and his brother. Prison Director
Jam*** H. Wllklns. He left a large estate
and his family will bo amply provided for.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Oct. 6.-A post
office was to-day established at Catarac,
Siskiyou County. Cal., and L. A. Sloan ap
pointed postmaster.
Army orders: By direction of the Sec
retary of War Major "William F. Denied
man, surgeon, is relieved from further
duty at the Department of Havana and
Will proceed to San Francisco. The fol
lowing named enlisted men will be dis
charged from the service of ihe United
States: Private Joseph H. Pleasant?,
Sixth Artillery, Honolulu; Corporal Henry
W. Per Kins, Thirty-third Infantry; Re
cruits Walter M. Prior and Russell S
Hildebrant, Eleventh Cavalry Paul
Smith, Thirty-sixth Infantry; ' William
Barrett. Thirty-seventh Infantry; Steven
E. McLaughlin and Ernest E. Ellis, vol
unteers; Privates Gus Milner and James
McGovern, Thirty-third Infantry, San
Francisco. The following named enlisted
men, having enlisted under false pre
tenses, will be discharged without honor
from the service: Private William J.
Lupton and Private Hernard A. Gettings,
Twenty-sixth Infantry; Private Thomas
Grady, Twenty-seventh Infantry; Re
cruit John White, Twenty-ninth Infantry,
and Private Commodore Marvin Kim
ball, Thirty-third Infantry, Presidio. San
Fninclsco.
Pensions: California— Original: Manue!
Garcia, Ventura, $12; Burr Sanders, Na
tional Military Home. Los Angel-s $6-
William T. Willis. Creston, |fi.
Increase: Special. September 23, Francis
H. Cooper, San Luis Obispo, S2O to $30;
Melancthon McWethy. Santa Ana. $G to
$S; Jacob Drayer, San Jose. $12 to Sl7.
Original widows, etc.: Victoria Clement.
San Francisco, $S; Emily C. Keller, Exe
ter, J*.
Oregon- Increase: Ezra Hubson, Ore
gon City. JO to $12; Jacob S. Rogers.
Central Point. % to $10; Henry C. Me-
Neill. Cold Hill. $6 to $8.
Washington-Original: Winter Hobson,
Mount Vernon, $G.
Ended His Life.
PLACERVILLE. Oct. 5. — Charles
Conklin, an old resident of this county,
committed suicide at his home at Mor
mon Island, on the western edge of the
county, shortly before noon to-day.
About half a dozen men who were on
the b larboard side ot the boat were un
able to sfet to the pier and kipt right on
\v>: :ing a- If nothing was happening to
endanger rhelr lives. The Fhip si I
steadily, and when she finally went clown
the men were thrown into the water.
Deputy Chief Duane and Fireman
Thomas M< Farland of engine 12 had to
for the'r lives, and were rescued
with difficulty, Duane was dragged out
more dead than alive. Several of the
fire-boais engaged in the work of rescu
ing the firemen were nearly carried down
by th< the Leona.
A Bom 'what similar experience befell
th< Leona In May, 1893 Li which time
thirteen steerage paser.gers were burned
to death. During the war with Spain the
Leona was used as a United States trans
port.
TOUR OF THE
PAINERS ENDED
Party About Ready to Go
Back Home.
- ■ ll l';s;jutch to TV- Call.
SAX ANDREAS, Oct. 3.— The mining
: . d their Califor
nia tour us far a;; observations of mining
':-. :i..s evening, when many carriages
• ded from the Gwin mine, just ovt-r
line from Amador, into Calav
ty, for Valley Springs and then Loul '
and the special train v»-hich will take the j
• .- to five ilays in the Yosemitt and
: md then liome.
President Douglas and T >\'. E. Aubrey of.
Los Angeles will make a special tour of;
Marlposa Coui
After enji spitallty of the j
people of Amador City, Sutter Creek and
Jackson la: t ;ii;;ht. the party saw more j
mines along the mother lode to-day. In
cluding thi Zi la and Amador Queen No.
I in the forenoo I the great
mine, where the chief reception of
the mother-lode trip was given. Presi
d-nt F. V. Thomas. David McClure, W. K.
I tert, E. C. Voorheh and others of the;
: Mcd a royal time, to ]
which most of tht day v,a.- giren and to
wt'.i'-'fi ■ ime many flistinguisheil citizens
i and Calaveras counties. T^s
Interior of the new forty-stamp mill about
ri :' - - : le a unique and
handsomely dec nquet hall, and
there, amoi-p the yet silent concentrai
the party enjoyed a bountiful feast anJ j
listened to >r. . eeches. It
v. as a fitting .iimax to the hospitality oi
tht California mint rs.
GORMAN CHARGED WITH
BREACH OF CONTRACT
Secretary of the Tlhualito Cotton
Company Arrestsd at
Torreon.
AUSTIN. Oct. 5.— A dispatch from Tor
reon, Mexico, says that a stir has been
created in commercial circles of M< x
ico by the arrest of Juan O. Gorman, sec
retary of the Tlhualito Cotton Company.
Mr. Gorman was immediately released on
$5000 bonds. His arrest grows out of the
suit recently instituted by Eugene Signor
et, a wealthy French merchant, against
the Tlhualito Cotton Company for $200,
--000.
It is alleged in the suit that Juan Lla
medo. manager of the Tlhualito company,
contracted with Mr. Signoret to sell him
the whole of this year's cotton crop pro
duced on the company's extensive hacien
da near Torreon for $200,000, and that this
contract has n^t been kept. The Tlhualito
company attained considerable notoriety
in the Vnited States a few years ago by
importing several hundred negroes from
Alabama and Georgia to work on their
hacienda. Smallpox broke out among the
negroes soon after thfir arrival in Mex
ico, and nearly all of them died of the
disease.
PORTUGUESE DELEGATES
ENJOY A BARBECUE
SANTA CRT'Z. Oct. s.— The Portuguese
visitor? were entertained at noon to-day
at a grand barbecue at the Dolphin Ath
letic Park grounds. It was after 1 o'clock
when the members of the Grand Council
left Native Sons' Hall fnr the picnic !
grounds. The members formed in line to '
te number of 200, with Manuel Mitchell as
marshal. They made a fine showing as
they paraded down Pacific avenue with
flags and banners flying. At the picnic !
grounds a number of tables were set un
der a canvas canopy. Young ladies of this
dty acted as waitresses.
After dinner speeches were made by ex-
President Fonte of Oakland. A. Martin of
Watsonvilie. Duncan McPlierson, Supreme
Secretary L. J. Martin of San Leandro
and Manuel Mitchell of this city. An ad
journment was th^n taken to the Dolphin
dance hall, where the afternoon was spent
in dancing.
In the evening the Catholic ladies pro
vided a dinner in the Williamson & Gar
rett building-, which was enjoyed by all
the delegates.
At the morning session of the Grand
Council bills were audited and a new of
fice, that of outer guard, was instituted.
Manuel Mitchell of this city was unani
mously elected to the office.
GRANGERS IN SESSION.
Committees Appointed for the Ensu-
ing Year.
NAPA, Oct. s.— At this morning's ses
sion of the State Grange Deputy Masters
W. D. Houx, George Conners, E. Greer,
E. C. Shoemaker. Charles W. Emery and
N. H. Lawrldson made reports. Cyrus
Jones, auditor of the executive committee,
sent in his resignation, which was ac
cepted. The worthy master appointed
Brother Jones to fill the vacancy.
A committee on legislation was appoint
ed, consisting of H. C. Rapp of Martinez,
N. H. Lawridson of Routiers. A. D. But
ler of Napa and George Yonde of Wlllets.
The feast of Pomona was celebrated in
Turner's Hall to-night.
Following is a complete list of the com
mittees appointed:
Agriculture— R. O. Baldwin. W. H. Tread
wav. J. M. Talbot, George Yonde, John Reese.
Sister Davis. Memorial— Sister Mary Flint.
Sister E. Schelmyer. Sister Delma Green S
G. Coulter. W. S. Overhiser. Fifth and sixth
degrees"— Sister Phillii'son. W. V. Griffith, A.
G. Fultz, Sister Perry. Slater Beecher. Sister
Root. Pomona feast— A. F. Riohm, H. N. Fos
set Walter Renwick. Music and literary —
George W. White.. I. C. Steele Jr.. N. H. H>.*n.
H:ster Delma Green. Sister S. H. Dewey. Sis
ter M. J. Worthen. Tress— E. D. Sweetser, J.
?. Taylor. Credentials'— Charles W. Emery, H.
C. Raap. L. Schelmyer. Sister Burnham, Sis
ter Ward. Division of labors— S. T. Coulter, a.
J. Roadhouso G. W. White, Sister Twitchell,
Sister Lawridson. Good of the order— M. B.
Mac. Sister Schelmyer. Sister Griffith, T. W.
Ward. J. J. Roadhouse. Finance— N H.
Lawridson, A. B. Butler, G. W. Rowe, Sister
Baldwin, Sister Park. Co-oi"ration— W. D.
Houx. T. E. Davis, A. D. Butler. G. W. Park,
Thomas Jacob. Sister Mac, Sister Purvine. Res
olutl' ns--A. T. Burnham, Ernest Farnham.
Thomas Jacob, Sister Leigh. Sister Houx. Edu
cation — B. Haywood. Hugh Leigh. Dr. J
Lemon. Sister Twitchell. Sister Adams. Con
stitution and by-laws— A. M. Plummcr, R. G.
Sutherland, O. N. Twitchell, Sister Rowe, Sis
ter Leigh.
DEMOCRACY'S CHOICE FOR
MAYOR OF SACRAMENTO
RUSS P. STEPHENS, LEADER OF THE DEMOCRATIC
TICKET IN SACRAMENTO.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. s.— The Democratic City Convention met to-night and
placed in the field us candidate for Mayor Russ 1 >. Stephens, formerly Post
er of Sacramento and a prominent orchardist of this section. The
choice <>f Mr. Stephens i- regarded by Democrats as particularly fortunate.
•His Republican opponent at the p. >ils will be George H. Clark.
The other nominations of the convention to-night are as follows: Treasurer,
;: n. Cravens; city Collector, T. J. Xolian: Trustees— Second Ward, R. E Kent:
Fourth Ward, A. D. Christiansen; Sixth Ward, J. fl. Devine; Eighth Ward, M.
R. Beard.
MILLS CASE CLOSED
FOR THE PLAINTIFF
Motion for a Nonsuit Idade by the
Defense Is Promptly
Denied.
REDWOOD CITY. Oct. s.— The plain
tiffs in the Mills-Chatham inheritance
contest closed their case to-day; the de
fense moved for a nonsuit, and were de
nied; and then the defense stated to the
Jury what they expect to prove within
the next ten day?.
The showing of the plaintiffs will be
I Now for Overcoats ! 1
iM •We are out of luck — have talked overcoats for the |
gg past few days and the weather has been scorching. 'M
g Of course, hot weather drives all thought of an 1
IM overcoat out of your head, but don't let this influence 1
you to the extent of waiting too long — remember, the B
M first always get the choicest from which to make a M
H selection. I
If precept can be counted on, in the next few days i
Hi the weather will be cold and foggy and you will need |
hi an overcoat. Now's the time to buy a fall overcoat, I
gB anyway. . |
Our fall line of "Yeargood" overcoats include I
cheviots, kerseys, coverts, meltons and oxfords, in all fl
B shades, for $12.50 up to $25.00. |
H Now, our prices are reasonable in the extreme, and |
HJ besides a low price you get a year's protection : t
H " Money returned if you don't want to keep the M
I* overcoat, and a year's repairing free if you do. 5
gil We have an elegant line of Prince Alberts, all silk 3
» lined and made of imported vicuna — fit like custom-made I
H garments. We wish you would ask to see them. \
■ Boys' Middy Suits, I
S| in blue and mixtures, some with large sailor collars, \
others with the short collars and silk-faced lapels; ?
fig ages 3to 10 years; an ex:ellent value for |
I $2.75 a suit. I
■:: U@S) S.N.WOOD BCO (<M) I
I X^l^/ 718 MARKET- ST X^O*^ |
S . Out-of-town orders filled — write us. |1
attacked to-morrow by the attorneys for
Mrs Mills, the widow of Robert
Miilp. Thi rneys an-, John E.
Richards, John G. Jury, Archer Kincald
and H. A. Pov.ell of San Francisco.
Water Company Sues.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. s.— The Los An
geles City Water Company has filed an
other suit in the T'nited States Circuit
Court directed against the Mayor and
Council of this city. The complaint asks
that the court set aside the decision of
the arbitrators fixing the value of the
plant, and that a temporary injunction be
issued to prevent the issue by the city of
bonds for the purchase of the plant.
34
KRUGER'S FORCES HESITATE
TO STRIKE THE FIRST BLOW
Preparations for War Continue on Both Sides, but
No Important Movements of Troops Have
Taken Place,
LONDON, Oct. 6.— "While there Is no
diminution In tUe flood of dispatches from
South Africa, recording with tiresome
Iteration the military preparations and
movements of both sides, with all kinds
of accurate and Inaccurate rumors and
speculation, the real situation remains un
changed. It is evident that strong ef
forts are still being made to preserve
peace, simultaneously with determined
energy to be prepared for any emergency.
It is expected that 5000 reserves will be
called out to-morrow and that an army
corps will be mobilized on the ISth or 20th
of the month. In the meantime It Is in
teresting to note that neither Fide shows
anxiety to precipitate a conflict, but is
rather Inclined to give opportunity for
the play of peace Influences.
The mysterious visit of Count Muravieff,
the Russian Minister of Foreign Affairs,
to San Sebastian, where he saw the Queen :
Regent and the King of Spain and hud a
lone conference with Benor Silvela, the
Spanish Premier, occupies political minds.
From Spain Count Muravieff will go to j
Paris.
Russia's attitude in the Transvaal '
matter Is common knowledge. Germany
la officially neutral, but Emperor Wll- ;
Ham's famous telegram to President Kru
ger is not forgotten, and this, added to
France's bitterness since the Fashoda af
fair and Spain's resentment of England's t
attitude during the Htepano-American
war. sets the people asking what are the
motives for Count Mnravleffa tour. '
REVIEW OF THE
CARTER CASE
Opinion of the Attorney
General.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
WASHINGTON. Oct. s.— The opinion of
Attorm r . - In the case of
the army, upon
which the President approved the finding
of the court-martial, was made public to
•
The opinion discusses in great detail
the evidence 1 lduce I ! :itain
farter and combats the nrguments set r.p
In behalf of the culprit Summing up
Many of the specifications, including Cap
tain I Imacy 1 with Green and the
irs, the method of advertising for
the work ar..i of lettin - [tracts, the
charier of the .'• ting I ! im
pany, the large profit 1 • n the con
ieral says
they might justly be failing to
fix upon ti. - pur
pose to defraud the Government if it v> re
■; that h>- bad 1
motive, that he bad not ]
ilar and 1
. ngs. He then shows that
the captain's salary was Only %2i2
a month ai m that time forward .
his persona] expi verj rap-
Idly, I s ■ ' :l ln : " "■■
The fi - pointed out that In 1892
In Carter began to make notably
sits In the I'nlbn Trust Com
il New Y"i-k and also to buy *
ties, his investments increasing until
■when his holdings had Increased to a
marke? value 01' $463,0 I .Mr ' iriL-t: -
Captain Carter's explanation
: ■ was dealing in the s< curitii s with
the funds of his father-in-law, Mr. Wes
rid was ;■ ■ pres
•l om him. "On I • ' he
says, "it is an improbable story-"
Speaking further on this point, the At
tornej ays:
"If Mr. Wescott, the alleged donor, had
<"me upon the witness stand and cor
roborated the story it would probably
■. but lie ili'i
come."
Contlnuii :;>-ral er
nes 1 t that al! efforts to ■
f Mr. Wescott were nu
.•ivaUini,-. Mr. <;ris,'u-- tlons other
circumstances, which he pronounces bus
] leious, Including the fart that many of
the checks paid to the ■ i were
colle< ■ :.!i>r at the
Bub-Treasuryi and the ciri ■ that
•nt in New Y'<rk on July
6, 1897, when th<« large checks were de
' i, and that
n many 01 caj I ins, from ! •
present in Now fork when payments
were made to ti - He pn
- tement sh< 1 •: cur
r-m-y mail'- by '';;;naiii '';i'-;cr simu 1 tane
Dependable Drugs
Advantage
of Buying in
Quantity
Buying drugs, medicines and
toilet requisites in large quanti-
ties secures low prices and big
discounts.
' Couldn't buy heavy if we
didn't sell heavy.
Heavy selling assures fresh-
ness and full strength.
Red Raven Splits 15c
Aperient water for high liv-
ers. Advertised in Billy
Baxter's" letters.
Nelson's Foot Comfort 20c
As the name implies — com-
forts the sore and aching
feet; prevents chafing. Reg-
ular price 25c.
Cuticura Remedies 95c
A full set of this well known
remedy — salve and re-
solvent. Regular price $1.25.
Abbey's Salts 200,400, 85 c
Abbey's Effervescent Salts
sell everywhere for 25c,
50c and $1.
Cascarets ioc, 20c, 40c
People buying this cathartic
can save considerable here.
fulfil >-S > i MTB &nuG oIST^V
M -1126 MARKET St., S. W.
Jr\l|i ' 1128 MARKET St., 8. F.
\ltVf*,"»riJ TCt- south 368
1 oth 4 BROADWAY <TEL. Main 80s) O«KL»MD
The jingo press pooh-poohs the idea of
European interference, but in tho same
breath eagerly seizes upon any Incident,
such as the America's cup races, to insist
on the growing Anglo-American friend
ship.
A dispatch from Cape Town says that a
quantity of explosives was found inside
the Cape Town "postofflce yesterday and
that an attempt had been made to murder
the start at the Colesburg Railway junc
tion.
The Daily Telegraph's dispatch of this
morning announcing that the Boers had
invaded Xatal and seized Laings Neck
now seems to be without foundation. The
Government has received nothing to Jus
tify the report, although such a move on
the part of the Boers would naturally
cause little surprise..
The British position in Natal was con
siderably strengthened by the arrival to
day of Indian transports with reinforce
ments of about li&.H) infantry, cavalry and
artillery, all of which will be promptly
sent to the front by train and with their
arrival at Glencove and Ladysmith to
morrow or Saturday the British advanced
camps and lines of communication will be
practically safeguarded against the risk
of a successful dash across the frontier
by the Boers.
The military authorities apparently no
longer fear the massing of the Boers
along the border and, in fact, it has been
provided that the Boers shall not make
a sudden invasion in the territory. The
Natal authorities are rather pleased with
this, because they argue that the tension
of waiting will tell severely on the r,<>.>r^'
discipline, and, moreover, they will soon
ously with the cashing of checks given to
the contractors in New York.
In this connection the Attorney General
says:
"The conclusion is forced upon the mind
that Captain Carter, during these
from 1838 to iv.'T. enriched himself to a
large degree in some manner not account
r by his own testimony, and the ir
reslstlhle conclusion, then fore, is that the
true explanation of this rapid access) >n
of wealth is one that he could not safeiy
make, and that it is to be accounted for
only by accepting the theory that he par
ticipated In the fraudulent proceeds of
the contracts under his charge."
The statement o ■> as follows:
"I am therefore led to the conclusion
that the court-martial was justified in its
findings of guilty upon the charges and
specifications relating to these contracts
f September, 1896, and that the finding
and sentence of the court with n
thereto should be approved."
DREYFUS VERDICT
MAY BE QUASHED
LONDON, Oct. 6 —The Paris correspond
ent of the Daily Mail says:
"I learn that Germany is about to hand
over documents which will lead to the
quashing of the Dreyfi s verdict."
NEW DRAMA WRITTEN
BY FRANCIS POWERS
Story of Mexican Life Cleverly Told
Will Soon Be Produced at
the Alcazar.
Francis Powers has written a new play.
And still better he has written a good
play, too. It .- not so very long ago that
"The First Born" became one of those
unexpected .successes that spread like a
disease throughout the country. Those
familiar with literature and the drama
will remember that it was not so much
The book itself which was responsible for
this spontaneous victory, but it was
rathc-r the atmosphere that permeated the
play which occasioned this satisfactory
appreciation. The author was so accurate
in his details, so concise in the descrip
tion of Chinese customs and mode of liv
ing that the very realism became a dra
matic, picture of much value, lience it is
in the strict adherence to general sur
rounding and the creation of a distinct
atmosphere where Mr. Powers' strength
as a playwright may be sought.
While "The First Born" transmitted to
the auditor the Chinese atmosphere, so
his new play, entitled "Mother Earth,"
gives us an idea of Mexican life. The
story in itself Is quite simple. We have
there two native? who are deadly ene
mies. Both love the same girl. One of
them is successful, the other, although
pained at his misfortune, does not seek
revenge. On the day of the wedding,
however, the successful rival challenges
th( unsuccessful one to a quarrel, and
although the latter tries to withdraw, his
enemy forces. :m finally" to draw his
knife and th<s" quarrel end's in the bride
groom being wounded. The wound does
not prove fatal. The bride,. who is blind
owing to some accident, la taken away to
Mexico and In the meantime the bride
groom deserts her for another woman.
On the return of his deserted bride he
is about to marry. The unsuccessful rival
has in the meantime been forgiven by the
blind girl for his haste and told her of
the unfaithfulness of her lover. Upon
the approach of the bride and groom the
deceived girl and her new lover stand
near the church. The girl demands her
companion's knife fearing, as she says,
that he might be tempted to revenge her.
The bridal couple come nearer. The
.blind girl, hearing the bridegroom's voice,
goes toward him, and crying out that she
releases him from his promise stabs her
self. Her companion thereupon runs after
the bridegroom and wants to prevent the
wedding, but ere he can reach him the
former turns and shoots him.
Here, as in "The First Born," it is not
so much the book as the atmosphere
•which will make the deepest impression.
The. rural life of the Mexicans, the quaint
customs of the Indians, the deep religious
sentiment prevalent among the Mexican
population and the. love for the plctur
esquo are all brought out strikingly.
Fandangos, Indian war dances, Indian
camping life, Mexican village, life and
Mexican music with which this play is re
plete form the features that will not fail
to make it as successful as "The First
Born." It is certainly a vivid dramatic
picture and will not fail to please the
connoisseur. The Alcazar management,
with its usual enterprising ambition, has
secured the play and is about to rehearse
it. It will be produced within a few weeks
and no expense will be spared to mount
it elaborately.
DETERMINED TO MARRY.
Bollnto Bianchino, charged with abduct
j ing Lena Sprague, a 16-year-old girl, from
Healdsburg, appeared for his examination
I before Judge Graham yesterday. The
cir! s parents were in court with her.
she tesi.iifd that she had known the
I defendant for two years, having met him
! in a cannery at Santa Rosa, where she
wns working. They began to keip com
' pany. and since October last had been en
| gaged. They came to tho city to set mar
rted, as her parents object-. i. She cain<
willingly, and said in a determined voice
; that she would marry her lover after she
! became of age. In two years. The Judge
reasoned with her, but she would not
budge from her position.
Tho girl's father absolutely refused to
| give hi? consent to the marriage, and said
he would rather send her to some public
institution till she came to her senses.
Tho Judge was satisfied that the charge
of abduction could not stand in view of
; the girl's testimony, but he continued the
case until to-day, and instructed Police
man Bailey, who arrested the defendant
■to Inquire into his character. Bianchino
I was taken back to the City Prison and
i the girl wont away with her parents.
Bed Cross Society Meeting.
The annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Red Cross Society will be held at
the rooms of the Philomath Club. Van
I >>ess avenue and Bush street, to-morrow
! afternoon at 2 o'clock. Reports of the
work of the society for the past year
■will be read by the officers. All who* are
Interested In the society are invited to
! be present.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1899.
exhaust what little forag< tl sre Is near
the border and be compelled to fall back
on th.-ir base, because in view of the de
fective commissariat they are unwilling
to advance into Xatal, leaving behind
them a forageless velut.
Advices from Aldershot convey the in
teresting information that General Sir
Redvers Buller, who is to assume the
chief command of the British forces in
South Africa, is opposed to a large num
| ber of war correspondents with his forces
: and wi.-hes to limit the correspondents to
I twelve representatives of the leading
' British, Indian and colonial agencies and
newspapers, increasing the number to
I provide for foreign correspondents. A dis
! patch from Perth Cape, West Australia,
i announces that the Government of the
colony has decided to dispatch a West
Australian contingent to the Cape. Sir
General Redvers Buller arrived at Bal
moral Castle to-night as the guest of
1 Queen Victoria, to bid her Majesty fare
i well on his departure for South Africa.
Right Honorable Sir George Trevylan.
speaking at Halifax, Yorkshire, said he
believed Mr. Chamberlain had made a
1 terrible mistake in rejecting President
{ Kruger's offer of a five years' franchise,
but thought war might yet be avoided
I if a mediator should be sent to the Cape.
BRUSSELS. Oct. s.— On calling upon Dr.
: I.eyds this afternoon a reporter of the
Petit Bleu was informed by tho Trans
! vaal representative's secretary that no
I official information had been received
from the Boer Government for the last
five days. A private telegram from Pre
toria, however, stated that an ultimatum
' had been duly sent.
MARINES VISIT
ADMIRAL DEWEY
Officers Pay the Hero a
Formal Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 8.-Among the
few who saw Admiral I >ewey to-day
were seven marine officers from Wasn
ington Barracks, headed by General Hay
wood, the commandant, who, attired in
full dress uniforms, inarched up to the
McLean residence at 6 o'clock this after-
They were Introduced to the ad
miral. It was only a brief formal call.
This evening, after a late supper, the j
admirnl left the house and walked brisk
ly alone ui> Connecticut avenue to call
lon old friends. Admiral Dewey has ex
-1 pressed himself as benefited by the relax
to-day's quiet rest afforded him
after the constant activity of the past
, week, and has ventured the suggestion
that by next we.-k he will nave recov
ered from the fatigue incident to the high
nervous pressure in* has been under. He
no special plans for the remainder
of the week, save to-morrow he will con
!■ • with the Dewey home fund committee
at. the Navy Department. In this connec
tion it Is understood that an offer of a
well known Vermont firm to present him
the marble for a new house is under con-
United States Treasurer Roberts to-day
received an offer from I". S. J. Dunbar, a
\ well-known Washington sculptor, of a
bronze portrait bust of Admiral Dewey
1 to be place.i in the Dewey residence. He
also received a cash contribution of $250
from K. T. Wilson of New York, making
i total to date of $49,897.
GRAND JURY PROBES THE
SCHOOL BOARD SCANDAL
WEBSTER AND SIMPSON BEFORE
THE INQUISITORS.
Their Evidence Throws Little Light
on the Charges of Corruption.
L. W. Smith Wants
Satisfaction.
Superintendent of Schools R. H. Web
' ster and Secretary Simpson of the Board
I of Education were before the Grand Jury
yesterday in connection with the Investi
i gation being made of the charge that
! bribes were accepted by one or more
members of the board from persons inter
j ested in the awarding of contracts for
furnishing supplies to the department.
j Secretary Blmpson was on the stand for
' some time, but his. testimony did not en
i lighten the inquisitors greatly, and he was
requested to bring in the rejected bids
for stationery supplies for the inspection
I of the jury. While the secretary was gone
1 for the documents Superintendent web
i ster was pluced on the stand and ques
tioned as to the methods of receiving and
I opening bids by the board.
Secretary Simpson soon returned with
j the rejected bids, but the samples that ac
companied them when they were BUbmlt
' ted were not at hand, and the Jury found
I the papers of little value as aids in the
investigation. Further Investigation of
i the School Hoard scandal was postponed
until next wetk.
L. W. Smith appeared before the Grand
Jury for the purpose of securing the ln
; dlctment of a woman whom he charges
1 with having bunkoed him out of $1000 sev
: eral months ago.
THE INDIANS LOSE.
Supreme Court Shuts Them Out of
Their Old Homes.
The Supreme Court has hnnded down a
long decision in the case of J. Downey
Harvey, administrator, and the Mer
chants' Exchanre Hank of San Francisco
against Alejandro Barker and others. Tho
defendants and appellants are Pueblo or
Mission Indians, living In San Diego
County, and they claim on a possessory
right extending back unnumbered years.
The land is In three parcels of 1.907, 2CG.45
and 120 acres.
The plaintiff, representing the estate of
John G. Downey, claims title to the prop
erty under a Mexican grant to Juan Jose
Warner in 1840 and 1844. The Indiana con
tend that this grant specified that their
ancestors and their descendants were not
to be disturbed or interfered with. The
Warner grant was approved by the United
States Government in 188") and a patent
issued therefor. The Supreme Court
holds that in Issuing the patent this Gov
ernment, by its official Land Commission
ers, did so only after a thorough Investi
gation as to all claims adverse to the
patentee, and if no such claims were pre
sented it was to be Inferred that none ex
isted.
The court holds that the decision of the
Land Commissioners of the United States
that the land in question was at the time
It was granted vacant and subject to ab
solute alienation is conclusive on the de
fendants and all others. Also that the
grant of the Vallc de San Jose .was not
subject to any right or v interest in the
Indians, and that the grant is conclusive
ago.inst them. Justices Beatty, Me Par
land and Temple wrote dissenting opin
ions, taking the position that the grant
to Warner, as Interpreted by them; speci
fled that the christianized Mission Indians
and their descendants should not be dis
turbed In their right to live upon at least
gome of the lands. Also that the Indians'
titles to lands like these In question are
not necessary to be presented In the form
of claims to the Land Commissioners
They are wards of the nation and their
rights should have been preserved by the
officials, as poor Lo Is not supposed to
know anything about his rights or the
province of Commissioners.
Jacksonville. Fla., has a successful os
trich farm, the only one In the United
States outside of California.
THE GUNBOAT
URDANETA IS
RECOVERED
Expedition Sent Out for the
Purpose Returns to Ca
vite With the Craft.
BRINGS ONE PRISONER
Town of Orani, Where the Vessel
Was Sunk, Was Bombarded
and Natives Evacuated.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
MANILA, Oct. 6.— The expedition sent
to the Orani River under the command of
I Captain Cornwell to recover the sunken
I gunboat Urdaneta returned to Cavlte yes-
I terday with the hull of the boat, after
bombarding Orani and landing a force.
Captain Cornwell brought ona prisoner.
Lieutenant Brennan of the gunboat
Laguna de Bai headed the expedition.
I There wero no casualties.
On Monday morning the expedition en
tered the river and anchored above Orani,
near the Urdaneta, the inhabitants of the
town simultaneously evacuating it,
carrying their belongings with them.
The gunboats bombarded Orani, the
beaches and the surrounding country for
h;ul" an hour, receiving a Mauser volley
in return.
The I'rda.neta was towed off the bar
about 10 o'clock that evening, the opera
tions of the Americans being unmolested.
The following morning the bombard
ment was if opened to cover a landing of I
ISO bluejackets and marines about half !
a mile above the town. On entering Orani j
the Americans experienced a slight rifle j
lire from the Filipinos in the trenches. |
They found the town untenanted, and j
that the shells had ignited a few huts, j
The Archbishop of Manila informed
General Otis that there was a plot on
foot to burn the residences of the Gov
ernor General and the Archbishop, to
gether with soverai Government buildings
and banks, but the plot failed to materl- I
alize, possibly because of a display of j
force.
The first reports regarding the affair
at Paranicjue last night appear to have
been much exaggerated. The facts are
that a small band of Insurgents, follow
ing the bay road, poured a volley into the
village and later another into Los Pinos,
with the iesult that two or three houses
were burned. The cracking of the bam
boo caused it to be reported in Manila
that there had been much shooting.
The United States transport Warren,
from San Francisco, with 1200 recruits
has arrived. The United States gunboat
ling, from Vancouver, March 3, via
Honolulu, while passing St. Vincent in
Northern Luzon, shot down a Filipino
flag. The Filipinos tired a shot at the
Wheeling's men, who were sleeping on
deck, and the Wheeling bombarded the
settlement.
ARRANGING TO SEND
SHIPS TO PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, Oct. The Navy De
partment was busily engaged to-day in
arranging to reinforce the fleet in the
Philippines, as suggested yesterday by
Admiral Dewey at his conference with the I
President. It was found that the. plan
conceived last evening; of sending the
j Marietta and the Machtaa with the Brook- ,
' lyn would have to be modified so as to
I drop the two gunboats.
By noon the department had completed
its programme and was in a position to
send orders to the ships chosen, to go. |
The New Orleans was the first tele- ,
graphed to proceed to the New York
Navy Yard to have some changes made
in the galley apparatus. These can be
made in six days, when the ship will start
on her voyage. The Brooklyn will bo
turned back from Hampton Roads and ,
sent to New York, whence she sailed this
morning before the department could ,
reach her with orders. She will be ready
to sail by the end of next week. A cable
gram was sent to the Nashville at San ]
Domingo to proceed at once to Manila
via the Suez canal and she Is expected to j
get out within twenty-four hours. Orders ■
i were also telegraphed to the Badger at ;
Mare Island to proceed to the Philippines
as soon as possible. No orders have as •
yet been sent to the Bancroft at Boston. !
It was suggested at the Navy Depart
ment that three of the four vessels now
under orders for Manila pass through the
I Suez canal and so be available to divert
to South Africa, should matters there take
; shape requiring the presence of a United
States naval force.
General Otis has informed the "War De- |
■ partment of the arrival at Manila of the
transport Athenian with a detachment of
the Third Cavalry and horses. There
were no casualties on the voyage.
The Secretary of War has issued an i
; order discontinuing the military depart
ment of the gulf and merging it into the
Department of the East, under command
of Major General Wesley Merritt, with
headquarters at New York.
• =
SOUTH DAKOTA
MEN GET COIN
AND FREEDOM
Mustered Outand Paid
Off Yesterday.
The South Dakota men were mustered
out yesterday, and at nightfall there was
not one of them to be seen at the camp.
They were paid from $120 up, and every
body around the y tents was rolling in
wealth. There was much enthusiasm,
and one of the companies, when It had
been paid and the men had safely
pocketed their discharges, lined up in
front of Colonel Frost's tent and gnvo
three cheers for their regimental com
mander.
There la some hitch In the arrangements
for the departure -of the regiment, and it
is not probable that it will get away be
fore to-morrow evening, or It may be
longer than that. The trains have been
spoken for from the Northern Pacific and
they have been promised, but they are
not ready and they will not be ready
for at least a day. In the meantime the
men cannot remain at the Presidio, and
they have been compelled to seek quarters
downtown. It has been the custom bo
far to allow every regiment to remain in
camp through the night after the muster
out, but this has not been done In the
case of the South Dakotas. The com
mand was ordt-red to make away with
its straw and litter, and to turn In all
ticks and pillows furnished by the post.
Colonel Frost announced to the men that
he would have the time for the departure
of the train published In all the news
papers as soon as he could find out for
certain just when it would be ready. The
men have scattered all over the city,
however, and it will be lucky If there is
not a larije percentage of them left be
hind.
The following farewell order, In souve
nir form, was Issued by Colonel Frost. A
copy was given to each man in the regi
ment:
Headquarters First South. Dakota Infantry,
CROCKER HOME TO BE
USED AS A HOSPITAL
CHARLES CROCKER RESIDENCE AT SACRAMENTO.
SACRAMENTO, Oct 6.— The announcement this afternoon that the Crocker
Estate Company had mode a gift of the Charles Crocker residence in this city
to the hospital service of the Southern Pacific occasioned small surprise here,
inasmuch as the home has been unoccupied for several years.
Once it was one of the handsomest in this part of the State. It occupies a
half block at Ninth and F streets, and the mansion sits upon the crest of a gently
sloping terrace. It is to be said of the Crocker home that, while it has been
practically deserted for years so far as the Crockers are concerned, nevertheless
it has been well kept up, and the grounds are as green and as redolent of floral
fragrance as In the days when Charles Crocker and his wife entertained so
elaborately there. Perhaps a measure of sentiment Impelled the Crockers to
maintain the home place of their parents, for it was in a little house which stood
on the northeast corner or the present grounds that George, Hattie, William and
Frederick Crocker were born, while but half a block away was the little brick
public primary school where they learned their early lessons. When Charles
Crocker began to accumulate wealth from the earnings of the Central Pacific
Railroad he sold off the little house, and, purchasing the rest of the half block,
built the present stately mansion. It was here that th.c family lived and enter
tained up to the time when they took up their residence on No s Hill, San Fran
cisco. A distinguishing feature of the Crocker home is a brace i I fan palms,
standing nearly sixty feet high.
The old Central Pacific Hospital in this city will be abandoned, and such of
the patients as are not sent to the San Francisco Hospital will be quartered In
the old Crocker home.
D S. Volunteers. Presidio of San Fran
cisco. Cal.. October 4. 1899.
General Orders No. 29.
Officers and Men of the First South Dakota
Infantry: "We are about to sever our relations
as officers and men, commander and com
manded, and I desire to thank you for the
discipline and valor, loyalty and endurance
which won so many victories and withstood
co many trials.
You have written a page In the history of
your country and State which will shine as
long as soldierly qualities appea! to the hearts
of men. Your" deeds, linked with the names
of our heroic dead, can never be forgotten.
You have been tried hy the supreme test of
manhood, ana can face the future without
fear. Go to your homes, apply the same dis
cipline and constancy and win the victories of
peace. A. S. FROST,
Colonel First South Dakota Infantry, U. 8.
Volunteers.
The Minnesota Regiment, which was
mustered out Tuesday and was paid off
Wednesday, left for home yesterday
morning at 11 o'clock. There were a
great many of the old members of the
First California Volunteers at the ferry
depot to see them off, besides a large
crow.] of their friends. Trie regiment will
go East by way of Portland, where it will
stop for twenty-four hours before pro
ceeding.
The coming of the Washington troops
is the jiext event on the volunteer pro
gramme. Already Governor Rogers has
come down from the north with a troop
of friends and relatives, and the water
front whistles are being tuned up to
concert pitch. The Washington' Regi
ment is on the transport Pennsylvania.
She is due here at any hour.
Corporal Wayne Larrabee <>f Company
M of tlie South Dakota regiment died at
the smallpox hospital at the Presidio
Wednesday last. His death was reported
yesterday morning. There was some dis
cussion over the disposal of the body,
but Colonel Glrard, chief surgeon of the
general hospital, settled tho question by
ordering that he he buried in the Na
tional Cemetery. The pray.* was dug by
the men employ* <1 at the cemetery, and
then they left the place, while the work
waa finished by the brave men who are
raring for tho sufferers at the isolated
hospital. Chaplain Macomber of the Pre
sidlo attended the funeral and repeated
the services for the dead over the lonely
mound. There was no one there but the
nurses and the chaplain. The body was
a m< nace to health as long as it remained
unburied, so it was hurried to the grave
the evening of the day the man died.
Swell Colored Shirts
We selected a lot of Scotch Madras and had them made into shirts
for us, and it has been done as well as any shirt manufacturer
can do it.
The patterns are not like the ordinary $1.50 or $2.00 ready-made
shirts, but are the same patterns as particular persons go to their shirt-
maker tor an.! pay S3- 00 or so.
And we think that the fit and finish of our shirts are as good as
these high-priced affairs. We will have them in the window— what
you think of them. . " . *
Remember, the price is
$ 1.50 Each.
NjMg^ 71 a MARKET ST. Xj/jfg/
"Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
Larrabee was the son of Professor H.
B. Larrabee of Rapid City, S. D. He was
25 >• ;trs old.
Major Case of the Fortieth Infantry
took charge yesterday of the battalion of
that regiment being formed at the Pre
sidio. Major Case was a captain in the
Second Oregon Regiment. He was act
ing major when he returned from the isl
ands, and he brought with him a record
for courage and soldierly qualities that
did much toward winning for him the
gold oak leaves he now wears. He ha 9
four captains, four first lieutenants and
a second lieutenant with him so far, but
before long he expects to have the full
complement for his battalion. So far
there have been over 150 men assigned to
his command. The remainder of the regi
ment is being recruited at Fort Rlley,
Kans. It will be recruited up before the
battalion here is full, and then the of
fice at Fort Riley will commence sending
men out to Major Cnse.
Captain Hardin, formerly adjutant of
the recruits at the Presidio, left on the
Valencia yesterday with several officers
and over 400 of his former charges. His
place as adjutant has been filled by the
assignment of Captain Frier.
Colonel Charles D. Veile of the Fourth
Cavalry left on the City of Para to join
his regiment in the Philippines.
Captain Wilds P. Richardson of the
Eighth Infantry has been ordered to pro
ceed to Washington, D. C, to report to"
the adjutant general.
Miss Sarah 1,. Stowell, contract nurse,
has been ordered to proceed to her home
nt Fort Covington, >j. V., for the annull
mf-nt of hor contract.
Major Ira C. Brown, surgeon, left on
the Valencia under orders for Manila,
Acting Assistant Surgeon Joseph Sf.
Chmelicek has been relieved from duty at
the general hospital and has been or
dered to relieve Acting Assistant Hymen
M. Cohen, attending surgeon at Fort
Winfleld Scott, who left yesterday on the
Valencia under orders for duty at Ma
nila.
A board of officers consisting of Cap
tain C. A. Bennett nf the Third Artil
lery. First Lieutenant William S. McNair
of the Third Artillery and Second Lieu
tenant R. P. Brower of the Third Artil
lery has been ordered to examine into
and report upon the qualifications of Pri
vate Viggo .T. L. Jorgensen of Battery I,
Third Artillpry, for appointment as elec
trician sergeant.
HOPE
FOR
MAN!
You h ave
tgood r e ason.
to hope, as
8^^ F "^2H--I HUDYAN has
m 'ffflH - cured hun-
-*^B^*-'"* "Jim H c . dreds of men.
■^i N »» %>» jjßfl When you get
1 ""* - ; /wiyßal3B morning tired
ready to jump
al^M/^f"! Ip o/wind, go to
y° nr druggist
/ I Pain in Back,
rua/ I 1 Weakness,
gW j I Nervousness,
> fif / I Sleeplessness,
&&,/ im Melancholia.
P/f /I shows torpid
~~^*^C-J^^~J-y gestion, figure
~^£** 4 shows pain
In shoulders, figure 3 shows coated
tongue, figure 2 shows pale, thin race
and sunken eyes; figure 1 shows head-
aches and dizziness.
HUDYAN cures all the above condi-
tions. If your nerves are weak, your
stomach is out of order, then such
symptoms as the above present. Re-
member, HUDYAN cures, and perma-
nently HUDYAN is what you need;
it will not fail you. HUDYAN will
make you strong, hearty, robust.
Get HUDYAN from your druggist, 50c
a package; 6 packages $2.50. If he does
not keep it. send direct to HUDYAN
REMEDY CO., cor. Stockton, Ellis and
Market streets, San Francisco, Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS- FREE.
CALL OR WRITE.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. OF THE
QUEEN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York on the 31et day of December A. D.
189 S. and for the year ending on that day. aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. . CAPITAL .
A Ca^° f .. C^!! a . l -. etMk '-- P^ d .- UP "" W>.ooo 00
: ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $721,770 63
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages......
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 8,494,53161
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office 11,799 82
Cash in Banks .1 102,803 4»
Interest due and accrued on all
! Stocks and Loans iT".," 44.042 9.
: i Interest due and accrued on Bonds
, I and Mortgages
! Premiums in due Course of Colleo-
tlon • ,•••• " 9 ' 560 61
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
. for Fire and Marine Risks \ 228 S?
Rents due and accrued 3,539 31
Due from other Companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid , 440
~-■ . Total Assets w »...—^»....;;;.»4.6g5,3<0 78
LIABILITIES. ™~ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $57,680 83
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 53. 507 .2
Looses resisted, including expenses.. 37,102 45
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,330,013 77;
reinsurance 30 per cent 665,006 87
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,655,-
-225 Si: reinsurance pro rata 867,722 15
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
j^i S 'l CS| — — ; reinsurance 50
per cent ••••• i'H'"
Due and accrued for salaries,
rent, etc -■••■• 18.898 09
All other demands agalns the Com-
pany 116,497 71
Total Liabilities ... $1,844,365 S2
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums • $1,868,88* S3
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums ~
Received for interest on Bonds and •
Mortgages
Received for interest and dividends
or. Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources ...^ 123,824 43
Received for Rents ». 8,224 30
Total Income . '>n.. $1,909, 934 96
EXPENDITURES. ' "
Net amount paid for Fire Lossee
(including $144,663 43, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,090,578 09
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $- — ; , losses of
previous years
Dividends to Stockholders - 100 000 00-
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 809,74113
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 187,158 89
Paid for State, National and local
taxes C 1.849 71
All other payments and expenditures 119.551 73
Total Expenditures »..„.,... ....$!, 858. 874 60
Fire '
Losses incurred during the year $1,078,446 60-
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. ! Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
rear ;••—••• 233 . 266 . 2 ™ $2,363,90185
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 230,970,753 3.491,132 05
Net amount In force
December 31, 1898 256.963.211 1 3.015.239 58
JAS. A. MACPONALD Pre-
G. W. BURCHELL. Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th
day of January. 1599.
T. LIVINGSTONE KENNEDY.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT:
ROLLA V. WATT, Manager,
N.W. Corner Pine and Sansome Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Pacific Coast Department— Alaska, Washing-
ton, Oregon. Montana, Idaho. Nevada, Utah,
Arizona. California and the Hawaiian Islands'.
Ag?ncies everywhere.
n * WBEJ^ff iffHl , fit B&to Ka
fT^y HEEv»H3 OHEMICHno. branes. Non-astringent.
IggkCiNCiNNATI.O ■■! Sold by Druggist*,
Bk U. -. a.JBB or sent in plain wrapper,
+<£&%a emr «t&fX& «7,/* prt '. 59 i 'prepaid, foi
v m Oircuur atat ua n^
CaUloolerYßarBABY CIARDELLA
GAZED INTO TIE
ENGINEER'S FACE
Then the Cruel Train
Killed Her.
We do further find that this
was an accident caused by the
carelessness of deceased, Lor
enzo Ciardella, and further by
the fact of there being no elec
tric light burning at the time
of the accident, so as to enable
the gateman to see the ap
proaching cars; and we, the
jury, further recommend that
the Southern Pacific Company
do better protect their cross
ings.
Such was the essential portion of the |
vfrdict of the Coroner's jury rendered
lay morning at the inquest on the j
bodies of 1/orf-nzr. Ciardella, aged 31. and j
his Infant daughter Filomena, aged 20
months, who were killed last Sunday
nlng on the Sunnyslde railroad cross-
Dg by a train of cars of the Southern
Pacific Company.
J. R. Kurd, the engineer of the train,
:«stined that the train was going at about
wenty miles an hour and that he saw the '
. ar containing the deceased and his j
family on the track about seventy-five
feet ahead. He at once put on the
-morppney brakes and blew his whistle.
■•)!•. you ever killed anybody before?"
iskrd Coroner Hill with an air of pro
fessional curiosity.
"Yes," replied the engineer.
"Lots of people?**
"I didn't kr«-p track of them. I have
not killed more than five or six. I have
seen railroading twenty-seven years, and
in my first ten years I didn't kill any
body. The sight affected me very much.
It was pad, the last thing I saw before
the cart wap struck, that little baby's
fnce looking into mlno from her seat on
the can as ?he turned her face back
toward ihe engine."
E. N. Stevens, the gateman of the
Southern Pacific Company at that point,
paid that ho was in the gatehouse when
he heard the whistle blow. He went out
side with his lantern and saw the horse
and cart cropping the track. He shouted
to the driver to come right across, which
the deceased "i plenty of time to do,
but he turned tho horse partly around,
and drove him up the track In the same
direction In which the train was going.
The gates had not been In use for about ;
a month. There was only one electric
light burning, but a telegraph pole near
It cast a dark shadow across the track
at that po'r.t.
The electric lights were not usually lit
until, abotit half past 7 In the evening.
Nothing new was elicited by the testi
mony of the other witnesses.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Julia Pullen from E. J. Pullen for cruelty.
Mary New by from Axel J. Newby for
willful desertion, Annie Butler from
James F. Butler for failure to provide,
le Adams from James Adams for
■. Kettle Hodges from Fred Hodges
provide.
Oliver L. Hall's action for a divorce from
his wife, Susie Hall, was submitte
: v Judge Sea well. Hall claimed
his wife deserted him In 1893 and
went to Philadelphia. She sent an an-
Bwer from the East. In which sh" denied
that Fhe deserted him, but claimed that
her husband had never sent her money
on which to return. Lena A. Burke has
reconciled to her husband. Harry A.
Iturk<\ and the suit instituted by her for
divorce will be dismissed. Burke came
into court yesterday and filed a confes
sion, in which he begged condonation and
forgiveness for his acts of cruelty, agreed
that he would never mistreat his wife
again and would install hor in a com
fortable home. His offer wns accepted
and Judge Hunt was delighted at the
outcome of the litigation.
Suits for divorce on the ground of de
sertion have been filed by Sophie Schulz
against John Schulz, Ida Johnson against
Harry Johnson. Robert W. Taylor against
; Annie E. Taylor and Benjamin H. Kruger
! against Martha Kruper; on the ground of
failure to provide by Louisa ManfradlnJ
against Adolf Manfradini and Emma A.
I Edwards against John S. Edwards.
A STAR PLAY
WOTHOUT A STAR
THERE Is no objection to a star play
when there Is a star. But the Alcazar
possesses a stock company. The
whole success of "Innocent as a
Namb" depends on Tobias Pilkington.
Sow, this same Tobias was a right mirth
provoklng man when he left the play
wright's hands, and it is a pity that he
should be weakened through Mr. Or
monde's treatment. On the other hand,
Eugene Ormonde is the man for a
&ht part— the man of reserve, of fine
touch— and it is a pity that he should be
me 1 by Mr- Plikinsrton. There is B
■soci.nl difference betwen th.-m that they
never settle.
Th" AJcasar people bold together brave
ly, r.n<l It's ho for a merry w:sr when they
Itand as one man at,-;ti!ist criticism. But
pick one of them out ;md order him to do
!iis fighting alone it isn't fair. The com
pany lacks star talent, although it has
i strong leading man.
Of course, people smll«* or chuckle or
or squeal as the case may b*-. .Tnp
mese screen and speaking-tube misunder
standings will always accomplish that.
tut it's n star play with th" star l«Tt out
WORKMEN'S ANNIVERSARY.
The Ancient Order Will Celebrate on
the Last Friday of This Month.
There was a meeting last night of the
Grand Lodge officers and representatives
from all tho local lodges of the Ancient
Order of United Workmen to make ar
rangements to publicly celebrate the an
niversary of the order on the 27th inst.
3rand Foreman Snook presided and Grand
Recorder Poland kept notes of the pro
ceeding?. It was decided that there should
be a meeting in Odd Fellows' Hall, ad
dressed by Past Grand Master Barnes
and Pact Grand Recorder Hirshberg. with
a musical and literary programme and
dancing. The following committees were
"elected to take charge of the affair: En
tertainment—Grand Master J. Collins,
Deputy Grand Master Danforth, Grand
Foreman Snook, W. Malloy. J. H. Mc-
Knlght and J. T. Kidd. Reception— F. K.
Farley, G. Pohlmann. W. Hanson, C. B.
Curtis and J. Cunningham. Floor— G. Mc-
Gowan. A. W. Tuny. C. T. Spencer, J.
Klein and Samuel Levy. Auditing— H. J.
La sic, Daniel Sewell and J. Glennon. The
reception and floor committee* will each
be Increased by tho addition of one from
each local lodge.
■ ♦ . "' '':..
The new watermelon color at "Keith's"*
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1899.
SURPRISES
That May Happen
When
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
Is
In General Use.
RESCUED TEKOA
SAILORS ARRIVE
ON THE GIFFORD
Picked Up in a Boat
Off Cape Horn.
The British ship Glfford arrived from
Cardiff yesterday afternoon with five of
the crew of the British steamer Tekoa
aboard. The men were greatly relieved
to hear that the steamer, passengers and
crew were all right, as ever since August
last they have been under the impression
that they were the only ones saved from
the wreck.
Tire Tekoa left Wellington, X. 7.., on
July 3D for London with a number of
passengers and a cargo of. frozen mutton.
While passing through the Straits of
Le Maire she struck an unknown object
[ and b^gan to fill. The water poured Into
; the fore peak and fore hold, but luckily
the collision bulkheads kept the water
I out of the rest of the ship. Over 20,000
I carcasses of sheep were jettisoned and the
steamer lightened up so that on August
10 she was able to reach Port Stanley.
There she was patched up and sent to
Montevideo, where she is now being over
hauled.
When the steamer Tekoa struck there
j was a great deal of ex<"ite^ient aboard
i and everybody thought the ship was go
| Ing down. There was a general rush
; for the boats, but the captain and oflicers
J prevented anybody from getting into
i theijj. I'he second mate and the four
| sailors took the stations assigned to them
I in one of ir.e boats, however, and by some
j means or another got adrift, rtley lost
! sight of ihe Tekoa and tried to head for
| Stanley, thinking the steamer had gone
; dow^i with all hands. They were none
! too warmly clad and suffered terribly
I from the cold. They labored at the oars
, in order to keep the blood in circulation,
but all were frost-bitten and ready to
give up Ihe* struggle wh<-n the Clifford,
bound for San Francisco, hove in sight
and pick -d them up.
In the meantime the Tekoa had arrived
at Port Stanley and the captain was feel
ing worse over the loss of the second
mate and the four men than he did over
the accident to the ship. He chartered a
small sc mi oner and sent her out to look
for the missing boat, "tout no trace of her
could lie found, as the Glfford had been
there beforehand.
The transports Zealandla, City of Paia
and Valencia got away for Manila last
nitjht. Seven companies and the heati
quarters r.nd staff of the Twenty-ninth
)<• giment went out on the Zealandia, and
the rciii. lining companies on the City of
I'ara. The Valencia took nv. ay f>l!'j re
cruits for the regiments now in th.i
Philippines. There were very few people
down to see the boys away, and the men
mndo no attempts to get outride the en
closure. In consequence there was wry
little excitement over the departure of
the transports. Six boys tried to stow
tli*-mF<-lv.-s away on the Zealandia and
t itv of Para, but were discovered and put
ashore-. Some of the lads had followed
the regiment here and were very much
disappointed because they could not get
to Manila with their friends.
The log raft was towed into port by
the tugs Rescue and Monarch yesterday.
As Boon as it was sighted the tugs Relief,
Alert and Redmond went to the as
sistance of the Rescue and Monarch, am ; .
the live boats safely anchored the huge
pile of lumber in Mission Bay. Captain
Thompson of the Rescue picked the dere
lict up off Lompoc at 7 a. m., September
27. After some trouble the Rescue mide
fast, and at the rate of one mile an hour
towed her into Port Ilarford. When the
Monarch reached Port Harford the two
tups started for San Francisco with iho
derelict. Off Point Sur a heavy head sea
was met and a number of the piles
washed our. Quite a big piece of the raft
is gone, but there is enough left to more
than pay expenses.
The hull of that City of New York, that
■was wrecked on Point Bonlta a number
of years ago, Is to be broken up.\ After
several .unsuccessful attempts had been
made to raise the vessel the engines, boll
ers, masts and gear were removed and
the hull abandoned. The price of Iron
has advanced of late and it is now worth
while to recover the plates in the hull of
the New York. T. P. H. Whltelaw has
fitted the wrecking schooner Catalina out
with new hoists and engines and to-day
she will be anchored off Point Bonlta and
four divers will go to work on the wreck.
There Is over a thousand tons of iron in
the hull of the New York, and Whitelaw
expects to recover it at the rate of 100
tons a day.
One of the crew of the schooner North
Bend went crazy yesterday and jumped
overboard. He was fished out of the
water and sent ashore on the tug Alert.
It took six policemen to Ret him into the
patrol wagon and out to the City Hall,
where he was placed in a padded cell.
He is a mulatto and is subject to fits of
temporary insanity.
Joseph Lester, an A. B. on the British
ship Falrport. attempted to kill John
Cameron, the carpenter, with a hatch bar
yesterday. There has been considerable
111 feeling between the men ever since the
vessel left Australia. Lester was put in
irons and the police called in. When Of
ficer I, vie Shaw went to arrest Lester he
found the sailors lowering him to the
wharf from the forecastle head. Shaw
secured his man and charged him at the
Harbor police station with an assault
with a deadly weapon.
The bark Harvester and ship George
Skolfleld had a reminder of the upheaval
in Alaska while on their way here from
the canneries. On September 22 and 23
they were caught in a hurricane and both
lost sails and received other damage. The
wind shifted all around the compass and
neither captain can ever remember expe
riencing such weather in Alaskan waters
before.
H. Koorflt of 1572 Railroad avenue was
hurt on the steamer North Fork yester
day. One of the slings knocked him off a
pile of lumber, fracturing his collarbone
and the base of his skull. He was treated
at the Harbor Hospital.
A boy named F. Reimers received a
very painful bite on the front yesterday.
He was petting a horse, when the brute
took the boy's entire face In its mouth
and would have bitten it off had not the
driver struck It over the head. Retmerg
was treated at the Harbor Hospital by
Dr. Morrison, and was then sent to his
home at 120 Howard street.
THE MARIPOSA SAILS.
Departure Was Dalaypd Owing to
Late Transcontinental Mnil?!
Th*» Oceanic Steamship Company*!
steamship Mariposa sailed shortly before
10 o'clock last evening. The vessel's de
parture was delayed for some hours
owing to the fire in the Sierra Nevada
sii'iwsheds that held Southern Pacific
trains and Eastern mall at Truckee until
nearly one mile of track could be taken
up ar.d reiaid. The Marlposa's destina
tion is Sydney, and she satis via Hono
lulu and Auckland. On bonrd was a large
passenger list for way tx >r ts as well as
Australia. Cocker TWeedie, the pugilist,
who came to the Pacific Coast some time
ago as the lightweight champion of Aus
tralia, returned as cabin boy on the Mati
posa to his home.
ijfla/f 7 ~;l*dfel?io
is superior to all other malt extract?. pr»p«re<l
from pure aelecto-l materials. The name of the
Anheus*r-Busch Brewing Ass'n, its maker*.
guarantees Us m>'rlt.
Again Denounced the "Voice."
The Building Trades' Council at its
meeting last evening reaffirmed its decis
ion regarding the Voice of Labor. At a
previous meeting the council denounced
the paper as one not worthy to be the
representative of laboring men, and re
quested all bodies connected with the
council to withdraw their patronage from
it and to cease to recognize it in any
form. The action of last night was
brought about by an attempt of Union 22
to have the council reopen the case for
tho Introduction of new evidence. The
grievance of the council is that the man
agement of tho paper la Inimical to or
ganized labor.
RETIREMENTS OF
POLICEMEN SAID
TO BE ILLEGAL
Majority of the Board
Not Present.
There was considerable talk in police
circles yesterday concerning' the retire
ment of Sergeant Avan and Policemen
Hall, Libby and Hayden on Wednesday
night by tho Police Pension Board, and
also the retirement Monday of Policeman
Wilson.
The legality of the action of the board
is seriously questioned from the fact that
only one member was present (Commis
sioner Alvord), the other two Commis
sioners being out of the city. It is dis
tinctly laid down in the act creating the
pension board that "a majority of all the
members of said board herein provided
for shall constitute a quorum and have
power to transact business." There could
bo nothing plainer than that, and as It
requires two to make a majority of the
three Commissioners, the proceedings as
to the retirement of the men in question
are illegal.
The chief of Police was present besides
Commissioner Alvord, but he is only the
secretary of the board and not a member,
although he wrongly contends that he
is a member both of the Police and Pen
sion boards. The act says: "They shall
organise as such board by chooning one
of their number as chairman and by ap
pointing a secretary." President Tobln
occupies the one position and the Chief
of Police for the time being the other.
When the Board of Pollc? Commissioners
was created by the MiCoppin act it was
specified that it would consist of three
Commissioners, together with the then
Chief <>f Police elected by the people; but
a subsequent clause distinctly states that
afterward the board will consist of the
three Commissioners, who shall have
power to appoint a Chief of Police. At
the time of the passing of the act Chief
Kilpatrick was in office by election, and
h<- was the only Chief who was a Com
mlssioner. After the appointment of Chief
Crowley he was asked to attend the meet
ings of the board, not as a member but as
chief, to advise with the board on the
business before it. But it is pointed out
th.it, assuming Chief Lees' contention is
right that he is a member of the board,
two cannot be called a majority of four,
and the proceedings of the board would
still be illegal. It was hinted that some
of the officers retired will test the ques
tion.
A NORTH BEACH FRACAS.
Cousin of Colonel Breckinridge Occu
pies a Drunk Cell.
A rather mixed up family row happened
on Mason street, near Filbert, last even-
Ing and ended in the arrest of W. J.
Breckinridge, a cousin of ex-Congress
man Breckinridge of Kentucky, on a
charge of drunk. Mrs. Breckinridge had
been badly beaten by a Mrs. Hanson, who
resides in the Breckinridge home, at 716
Bay street, and sought refuge in the
house of Mrs. Mary Ward. Breckinridge
followed her there, and is said to have
raised a disturbance. The cries of Mrs.
Ward attracted the attention of Officer
Kelly and he placed the man under arrest.
Both the wife and Mrs. Ward talked of
more serious charges, which they threaten
to place against the prisoner this mora
ine.
THE EMPOr,IITM.
* Got a c mve 22 Pj-rasol-Top Carriages, ranging 5
I #?«»J»*#? in price from $13.50 to Siy.ooeach, and ex- j
* BSMKBjf . ceedingly good values at those prices, which *
* we are going to close out To-day it a discount of 25 %
» per cent from Regular Prices. %
* . *
* ■— I :; _ JJ
J Blanch- V|ir ffSS^tffeEfeH BBJP Hazzard, '_
I tanyßand glpP* *•* A nd j ci/s^Vc/f- |
» To-Morrow ™ ©ol<fejft"j}feale Sazaai*.^ trite quist, +
{ Night, 7:30. CAuraarrts lucest- Americas grandest store. %§\Pio to 5. I
*-= ' ' «
I Two Great Clothing Specials. %
% Boys' s6.so Suits, $4.95— %
* rSv (^*ZX=> A two-days' sale of these {hridav and ♦
* / *^1 C^^S Saturday). Three different styles of «
» 4 V^K r^ & I A i-wool Suits, for roys 13 'o 19 > ears of age — *
'* ' / '//£*iBw> /"> T^Va Sick Coat. Vest and Long Pant- — the goods are ♦
* / //^P^/\ k/\ br:nl newPa'l styles, thoroughly all wool and *j
a. ■ v/ 6 ''f/^^^^l n>st in trimmings and making, we guarantee ?
* // I I ' l iUr^^ > /^\ every one of thfmtogive splendid satisfaction, 2
J ("iaP *" ||P 6 / I r'^ularly $6.50 each — special Friday and Satu--
ft V^^r, Clf /(| / //d-yonlyat $2*95 «
* rTSr ° / I Men's $15.00 Blue" J
* I/I A / Ser & B Suits, $W.OO— «
* jft /p° /^ / ' °'^ v - c offer a limited number of *
II I\ / / thosj f.ne Fst Bui> S^rga J-'uit? for Men that "V
1 1 L^\ / / h- v • given such perfect fa-ton .to all to "*
*£ II I C^jrfvKSss whem we hve sod them, pure worsted and J
? J^ Ul^^j) __j ' uarnteed fast color, D>ube breast d Silk 2
*> X> lj "*\ Fa ed Sack Co :ts perfect ritting, we'! lined and J
|l (ink sewn throughout, regu'ar price $15.C0— on x j
£h '. S iturf'ay only, mI regu ar siz?s $IO*OO <•
*1. . «
* . . «
» 25&« *&%jyZif and. *&%&%& 'j-==.:'^ *
I Belts for f®&» I
* To-day (Friday) only we place on rale an J
> assorted lot of Belts — about 50 dozen in tf^^Sh~7~7 —^^^^ *
* al. — Patent. Leather, Imitation Carved Msxica*, ''%sts^jj&[ t ~£fb^^£o?® **
ft Imitation Seal, and various fancy leathers, together i^i^^*^^ *
* with many other styles tat retail regularly from v(^/ ~~_-" *
? 25c lo 50c each — choice for \3c " 2J
Sk — Ht
| Sale Haif Pairs Curtails. I
£ Here's a splendid chance for housekeepers, lodging-houses and £
» hotel \ where one curtain will do for a window. We have 150 half *
ft purs cf Lic^ C irtains, all 3|.., yards lons 5) to 6 ) inchos wide, curtain-! th it wero ♦
* worth $2.00. $3.00. $4.00 and $5.00 per pair— on sne?.ial Ba'e to day. while 'h> ♦
J quart ty a?ts, each...300, 4-Cc, 5-C, 6Oc, 75c,51.0j an li $1*25 *
* «
* tAH t*-e Week. Three extraordinary |
£ Carpets <**>**?< ood nn -
r **^ .m^ tin-osingt:me. c at-
% and Rugs, urAav.
> Tapestry Carpets— Pretty p t-
•> te:ns in ''he -rfu C3lorin£3, also iT hall
* a .d stair widths (27 inches), inspection
* will show what a gre • t bargain tM» I
J C'rpet is at the speoh; pice....45c
£ Axminsten Gar&ais-S 0 1 1, j
H deep pile ii charming blendingrs of |
$ color-, >order 3 to matc\ an excep- i
#i tional quaiitv for the 3p p-ice it* j
* wor hat least $1.25, pr yard. $I.QO
* (Other Axmintttr* at low as qozya'd).
* Smyrna Rugs— soo -Reversible
T Smyrna Ruas, copies of Oriental and |
J Persan productions, reaarkableblend- j
0, ing of colo-s in the intricite patterns, I
* size 60x30 inches— special i\~.51.25
* 1 ~r v
» Birgsin Friday-
* jn Ladi?ss2.sO
* \ fe I, Shoes, $1.15.
** I yI" Ladies' rlac.i Yici Kid But- 1
* i iv \ ton She?,' c?, aso
1 /V,^L\ Lice. Dotted
* v/\ Ti*A Cioh Top Shoes, j
<fr c~^^^^wX. c °i 1 toes, patent
js —^\. f^^ leather tips, sizes
* ■— j^^ 3>.; to vu on"-,
* regularly $2.i;0 a '
* — on special sa'e tb.l3 day only
* at _ $1.15
* Btrvain F idav. Fr this
* $1.00 Novelty *v^\
'^ &iiKS, O&C choice assort-
&> ment of 8"c and $1 Novelty Silks, in
#> strip's, pi-: ids and checks, a goo) line
* of colorings, suitable for shirt waists.
* petticoats, lining', etc, per yard. 6Sc
* Ba'Pain Friday. Fo • this day
% Ladies' 2sc f 1 we offe /
JT __ «A Ladies Import-
* HOSe, lOC. Ed Hose, real ■
j, Miro <otton. extra heavy weight.
|k Herm-dorf back, extra high solicsd :
* heels, double ?ole?, anl a rplendi-1
* vane at 25c per prir, for 12c
* Th ; s= Stockings, per dozen. $2.15
* B3r"ai«'Fridn: Gold-Plated
I These Pins B ; auti Pin a -:
& __. — mm* ed, engraved and
% 12 fOr lIS Cm plain patterns, a
ft> very pretty as- -g^. tj.* ~
» sortment, on 'jgS^Z?^®^
* ppe-ial sale M^ZTjdSw^^Jwi^^
* tri3 day only.. === d^^*^"**»«^ !
fr ' 12 for lOc Ss »-=^==^
5. 'Bar/rain Friday. Five biT bargains
* lySiitgPlGW for this day only:
» SpeCialS. Breasts 35C
* 75c Imitat Paradise Aisr^t^e^. 5f?C
t 75c Back O'trich French Tins SQtS
2 5i. 25 Bine 1 03tricb French T p5... 75c
.9, $2.50 Black Ostrich French Tip". sl- 75
f> 'Birg-iin Ft «i». ' 500 yards o'
* 25e Veilings ™-'™* Veil -
*■ «— m «■ am jn-r<«, more
* To-Day 17 g. than 3) ; f-
-* fere: t sty c«, F.incy Tux?dos on I Che-
? " nillo Spot Ve'lirg. the latest; srylesand
* all silk, our regular 25c quiiity. on
*» special sale thi^ day only, yard. -17 C
COUNTY HOSPITAL IN
FINANCIAL STRAITS
NO MONEY FOR FOOD AND NONE
IN SIGHT.
Will Hare to Be Run for Three
Months on $5833 ter
Month.
The City and County Hospital must
conduct its affairs during the next three
month? at an expense not exceeding faSSS,
or go out of business. The Finance Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors was
forced to deliver that ultimatum yester
day afternoon after two hours spent in
careful consideration of the city's finances
and particularly those of the hospital.
J. J. Moran, the steward of the institu
tion, was present and stated that about
every food contractor had declined to
furnish more goods unless his tills were
guarantee!. Dr. Hodghead was also
present and set forth the fact that not
only had the contractors refused to
furnish more goods, but that there was
not enough food on hand to provide for
THE EMPORIUM.
rt* Week. Ju t ona of many. *
Furniture A 2 - 3cre showroom g
Bargain. furniture — furni- %
tv c lor cot- r* +*
tage or man- ♦
sion — at *£h^T| ♦
prices which _^.^S}'|'Of^^^,^ **
readily ex- •^ — - 1 *
plain our fur- n :=::::: >? :::: iv =:::; Vi Si
I niture su- LJ Tj i \ )s 5,
premac?. H H*- U I\
ITh Sol d Oak U If] M f\ «
I Parlor Table, /) [)* LSI U *
highly pol- U^Vj^X %
ished top, //^^fegf^U «
convenient « f^L- \\ *
| shelf below, (I { \\ *
special for 111 a) <l'
i this we -k only It* 5 "" I *
7_5 f j" , «
u~~ *
Hirirain Friday. <&
Flannelette %
Wrappers, $1.25. %
$1.75 Flannelette Wrap- «§.
pers, this seasons JP^^ *
Persian effect pattern, >» 9 | "C
niffbd yoke?, tori *'
and braid trimmed, (jj^^lH^ *
| wait lined, sizes 34 I tTOf 1
to 44, whi!« the large fi?j\ % ' }t j\ «
lot on hand last?, this x^~>^ l| ''/7/ ♦
day only, each '•^T/Ss>Vls/ "C
$!.25 fflffiU, ♦
1 'f ■' ■ 1 ■■'. it
'Bargain Friday. fM\\u{ S *
Under- (§ I jfl / I
muslin limn \ *
Specials. i //JPflfjm $
Five important offer- f'/f!|fjl in <*
ings fo- *o-d-y only : Cli-^ j| 1 1 1) ♦
Infants' 75c Nainsook — rf**^ &
Gowns to' S~C 2j
Infan s' $1 Nainsook Gowns 65G 3
Childreii's 60c Nightgowns, small siz^s S
\ only 35c
Ladies' 40c Tennis Flannel -kirt?..2sc «r
|La:"ie3' 70c Tennis Flannsl Gowns. 50c *
• *
'Bargain Friday. 350 yard * 20- %
A*l~Silk ' Inch Fancy «
Plissas 29c. P,is ai! I
m. de of fine quaiitv liberty silk, pine- *
a; p c or accordion pleated, very de- *
| sirab c matena 1 for neckwaars, vest s-
fronts, yoke". etc.,- colors cardinal, 2
pink, b'ue, cerise, green and n le. .#
re alsrly 5(. ! c a yard, special Friday <Q>
only 296 «'
■ ■ • <c>
-'■—' . &>
'Bargaii Friday. J
Poree m /rr^^^^i^ *
/3f#f ♦
Clocks, wSP/SBi *
$1.1 G. \ \%Ujgt//; '
Hand-Painted Por- \i\&^^&i&'lly *
c?lain Boudoir Jl^" s^^^!!^ «
Cocks, decora- \J&Zyf&iSk «
tions in goli vft)'^i^^^^™
and colors, <gi
pretty flor tl and scroll designs, on spa- v '
cial sale thi^ day only, eac $I*lo *
immediate necessities. The statutory ap
propriation for the City and County
Hospital is $7000 per month, but by those
who run the institution that figure is
considered out of date; it cost $98,375 to
run it last year, and this year staples are
running JO per cent higher in price. Of
the five thousand and odd dollars tha
Finance Committee has limited the
management to only $2833 is to be ex
pended for subsistence, and Mr. Moran
said yesterday that that amount would
be inadequate.
The meeting of the committee resulted
in no relief being afforded; the hospital
people will simply have to spend the
money they have and trust to Providence
for whatever else is needed.
Drowned Out.
It would seem that a special hoodoo ha<l
! fixed itself upon that part of the Phelair
building occupied by Madame Alma Keith.
A few weeks ago a pet cat tore all the
i birds from the costly t tadgtar exhibited
' in her show windows, ana yefcerday there
was an overflow from water pipes on the
second floor, which flooded a portion rf
the store, doing considerable damage.
Madame at first thought that his Honor
the Mayor had decided to supply his ten
ants with a shower bath attachment, but
this arrangement isn't really necessary in
her business.
The ducking wIH not interfere with the
i regular transaction of business, however.
56
FRIDAY OCTOBER 6, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
I LBLICATION OFFICE Mcr'<et and Third St 3.. S. F
Telephone Main ISCB. f t
I rORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
C. GEORGn KKOGNESS,
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago. I
AMUSEMENTS,
i
Or^fceum— Vaudeville.
Tlvoli— "Carmen."
Columbia— "Jiary Stuart."
California— '"A Yenulne Tentlenaan."
A'.eaiar— "lnnocent as a Lamb."
Grand Opera House— "Rip Van Winkle."
Cnuiefc. Zijc ar.J ..;<:r— Vaudeville every afternoon and ■
evening.
Olyinpla, corner Mason and Ellis Specialties.
ilecusjiics' I'avSllon— Mechanic*' Fair and Philippine Ex-
kitit.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
. ... — - *~* j
AUCTION SALES.
By P. J. Barth— day, at 2 o'clock. Furniture, at 414
McAllister street.
_
COMMENCED BY EDUCATORS.
rROM the moment the p!an of The Call for
curses of home study for its readers
under the direction of some of the f or>. :
■nitted to the con
. ged in the work of educa
tion their cordial approval and commenda
tion. Tiicir praise has been given frankly and in em
phatic words. They have perceived in the plan a
movement in the direction of higher journalism and
popular culture and have been prompt to recommend
it to the public.
Mrs. Mills, president of Mills College, in a letter
to The Call, says: "Your plan of presenting to the
readers of The Ef^jent courses of study will, I
am sure, commend itself to all who are interested
in good journalism and in the proper education of
the public. I heartily indorse the plan and shall be
glad to commend it to our faculty and students, and
through them to their friends."'
President Wheeler of Berkeley says: "Your plan
of readings for the home study circle is admirable.
The list of contributors brings together a remarkable
body of men, all recognized leaders in the fields they
represent. I bid you godspeed in your undertaking."
President Jordan of Stanford says: "I am very
much in sympathy with the home study circle work
which The Call is now taking up. I am personally
acquainted with most of the men and women engaged
in writing for the circle, and I know them to be
among the most eminent of American scholar?."
These statements from such high authorities show
the sentiment of educators generally on the subject.
In a certain sense Mrs. Mills, President Wheeler and
President Jordan represent the educational force of
the commonwealth and express the thoughts of all
engaged in the work of instruction. Our cours
6tudy are therefore recommended to the public by
authorities whom ell will respect, and are entitled to
the careful consideration of every family in the State.
When once the series has begun the papers will
carry their own recommendation. They will have
■lent merit to attract and to hold the attention of
intelligent readers. Writers of such established repute
as Edward Dowden. William J. Rolfe. Hiram Corson,
Albert S. Cook. Isaac N. Demmon, Albert Bushnell
Hart, John Bach McMaster, Charles H. Smith. An
drew C. McLaughlin, John C. Van Dyke, Russell
V L. Frothinghatn Jr., Mrs. Helen Camp
bell, Mrs. Margaret K. Sangster, Mrs. Kate Gannet
Miss Lucy Wheelock and Miss Anna Bar
rows hardly need any introduction or indorsement
to recommend them to the favor of the American
people. President Jordan has rightly characterized
them as among "the most eminent of American
scholars." The studies which they will contribute
will prove of instruction and of interest to every
household, and The Call will be more valuable than
ever to its readers.
SOMETHING TO BOAST OF.
OUR esteemed contemporary, the Examiner,
published yesterday morning with much dis
play a brief telegram announcing that the
telegraph line from Skaguay to Dawson has been
completed and that the dispatch itself was the first
newspaper message sent over it. Having reached
Skaguay, the telegram was brought down by mail
to New Westminster and thence sent by wire, reach
ing our contemporary within six days after having
been dispatched from Dawson. "Now," says the
Examiner with pride, "this is something to boast of."
It is indeed something for the Examiner to boast
of, since it has the appearance of being legitimate
news and not a fake. It has that appearance because
it does not purport to have been a piece of enterprise
on the part of the Examiner, but of the Yukon Sun.
It is a somewhat important piece of information, and
■,ye are glad to note that our contemporary is at least
trying to gather news and has sense enough to recog
nize it when sent in by outsiders.
We must, however, direct the attention of the Ex
aminer to the fact that the most important item of
current news to all the world at this time is the success
of The Call's wireless telegraph service under the di
rect supervision of the gifted inventor, Marconi. In
comparison with the feats which the new telegraphy
has accomplished in reporting the yacht race, the
opening of a wire line between Skaguay and Dawson
is a very insignificant thing.
By the enterprise of the Yukon Sun the Examiner
gets a message of some sixty words from Dawson
within six days. A pretty feat truly, and one of which
the Yukon Sun has a right to boast. But think of
receiving messages from far out at sea, messages ag
gregating many thousands of words, transmitted
across the continent and bulletined in three minutes.
That is something to boast of.
Wireless telegraphy is the most important, the most
interesting and the most marvelous news item of the
time. By means of it The Call is giving to the pub-
He bulletins from the races far ahead of its contem
poraries. A revolution has. in fact, been effected in
ithering. A new era in telegraphy has begun.
From every part of the civilized world men of science,
bankers, merchant princes, commanders of armies and
rmvies and great statesmen are watching intently the
wonderful fents now being performed by the magic
science and genius of the gifted Italian youth who
j--. serving the public through The Call and the New
York Herr.ld. Still our sluggish contemporaries
know litt> of nil that is going on. Their readers
Itr-.rn nothing of the man-els of wireless telegraphy,
but are told with immense display of big type that
it is something to boast of that a message has been
sent by wire from Dawson to Skaguay.
MARCONI'S GREAT TRIUMPH.
RARELY if ever in the history of the world has it been the fortune of the inventor!
of an epoch-making instrument of science to demonstrate its value to the world un
der circumstances so exciting, so universally interesting and so dramatic as those
which have accompanied Marconi's demonstration of the efficacy of wireless telegraphy
in reporting the international yacht race, and equally rare has been anything like the tri
umphant success which he has attained.
The international yacht races for the America's cup are the most costly, the most
fascinating and the most universally interesting sporting events of the world. They at
tract the attention of almost the entire populations of two great nations. Long before
they occur every important newspaper in America and Great Britain makes extensive and
elaborate preparations to furnish the public with the fullest and promptest bulletins of the
race possible. The Associated Press and every other news gathering agency give their
aid in the work and as a rule no expense is spared to get the news and to publish it with
the utmost rapidity.
In the event of this year the public interest in the contest has been exceptionally
great. Ample tests have made it clear that the two yachts are the fleetest as well as the
most expensive ever designed for racing purposes. All the shipbuilding skill of Britain
and America is illustrated in the two boats. All the resources of wealth have been placed
at the disposal of the builders: Each nation has done its best, and now the races are to
show which has excelled in the rivalry.
As the yachts represent all that British or American skill can do in the way of con
structing such vessels, so do the arrangements made by the press to obtain the news
represent all that the civilized world can do in that direction. Everything that can be ac
complished by dispatch boats, by signals, by telegraph wires was provided for by the
greater newspapers of the country, Nothing was left to chance or accident. All was
foreseen and prepared for. The old system of news gathering perfected by long experi- :
ence was strained to its utmost and was at its best. Could any new system surpass it?
Experiments made by Marconi in Great Britain proved that wireless telegraphy is a;
possibility. The record-making feat of The Call in getting early information of the ar-i
rival of the Sherman off the Golden Gate showed it could be relied upon to do its work"
promptly when the emergency required. Therefore while the other papers of the coun
try and the Associated Press were arranging for reporting the races by the old system The
Call and its ally, the New York Herald, entered into negotiations with Marconi and;
brought the inventor to Xew York to match his telegraphy against the old.
From every point of view the contest between the rival telegraph systems is more im
portant and to all intelligent men it is more interesting than the rivalry of the yachts. j
The two systems were matched in the race on Tuesday and the victory was on the side of
the wireless telegraph. Another contest was made yesterday. The Associated Press and ;
the papers that have mocked at wireless telegraphy put forth every effort to redeem the j
former failure. The result was a triumph for Marconi so overwhelming that it is in every j
respect astounding.
It is not too much to say that The Call was yesterday the only paper in the city to '
give the news of the race to those who watched the bulletin boards. The other papers'
would have done better to wait for the mails. We publish this morning in parallel col- !
umns some of the dispatches received by wireless telegraphy with bulletins correspond-'
ing in point of time put forth by the Examiner. The contrast exhibits in the most strik- j
ing manner the superiority in point of speed and accuracy of the work of the Marconi |
system. The reports of the Examiner and of the Associated Press were late; they were;
unreliable; they were not news. The Marconi telegrams outclassed them in every way.
The result was The Call gave the news currently as the race went on and the yachts
drifted over the course, while the other papers gave out bulletins that might just as well
have been faked up in the office.
A notable feature of the event is the manner in which papers pretending to give the
news to their readers have suppressed these man-els of new telegraphy. Here is what
is the greatest of recent scientific marvels working before all the world and yet not only
jealous newspapers but even the Associated Press fails to give any information of it what
ever. Such jealousy is unworthy of journalism, for it destroys the very essence of journal
ism, which is the prompt publication to the world of every item of current interest.
A special exhibit of jealousy on the part of the Examiner is worth noting because!
it is characteristic ot that paper. When in an over-sanguine reliance upon its methods
of getting the news it thought the Marconi system had failed or at least had for a mo-j
ment broken down, the Examiner put forth a slurring bulletin about "'wireless Maca-i
roni." It was a mean taunt at best, for Marconi is soon to be the guest of the nation,
one honored by the Government, for he is to assist in providing a telegraphic system for
the navy to use between vessels at sea. As such he is entitled to decent treatment from
the American people. The slur is doubly mean, moreover, because it carries with it a slur
upon the whole Italian people, of whom Marconi is one of the most eminent. It is but a
dull wit as well as bad manners to attempt to ridicule one of the foremost inventors of all
time by calling him "Macaroni" because, he was born in Italy and bears the name of
Marconi.
For all such slurs, however, the inventor of wireless telegraphy will care little, if indeed
he care at all. lie has matched his system against the old when the old was straining
every resource and he has attained a genuine triumph. The Call is proud to be associated
in this crowning glory of journalism. It requires a liberal expenditure of money and tire
less energy to get the news ahead of all competitors, but The Call does it.
THE CUBAN QUESTION.
WHILE the harassing guerrilla warfare waged
by Aguinaldo and his followers holds public
attention to the affairs of the Philippines, there
is evidently going on quietly but persistently an ef
fort on the part of certain strong influences in the
East to establish in Cuba a protectorate which will
end only with the annexation of the island to the
United States, peaceably if we can, forcibly if we
must.
This evidence is to be found in the reports of
special correspondents writing from Cuba to the
leading imperial organs of the East and setting forth
with much elaboration the excellence of our admin
istration there, the number and variety of benefits
that are being conferred upon the people, the bright
prospects of commerce and the inability of either of
the parties among the Cubans to establish or main
tain a stable government of their own.
•By such means the people of the country are being
educated into the belief that it is to be a part of the
"White Man's Burden" of the taxpayers of the
United States to provide for the civilization of Cuba.
At the same time assurances are given that the work
cannot be done speedily. We must supervise the
Cubans for a long time, according to these authori
ties, before they will be fitted to manage their owr
politics and administer their own government.
Thus a correspondent of the Washington Post re
cently said: "In the organization of government in all
its branches, the education of the people the develop
ment of the resources of the island, the training in
municipal and government work, the United States
has years of work before it. And it would seem that
it had not performed its duty toward humanity, be
gun in the sacrifice of the blood of its own sons, un
til it had carried out its work and given the full meas
ure of Cuban independence. Then if Cuba wants an
nexation, and votes for it, the proposition may be
considered. Annexation means delivery for a million
human beings. There is no other expedient. TJie
people of Cuba have not learned self-government and
cannot acquire it by instinct."
It is not to be doubted that ample reasons will be
forthcoming when Congress meets for providing for
an indefinite occupation of Cuba. The annexationist3
in the United States will be aided by the annexation
ists in the islands, and there are large financial inter
ests in New York, Boston and Philadelphia to furnish
the money required to make an annexation campaign.
Should it be necessary for the purpose of affecting
public opinion, oriof influencing Congress to bring
about something of disturbance in the islands to" prove
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. OCTOBER 6. 1599.
the unfitness of the people for self-government, it
will not be hard for these various forces to accom
plish it.
There are already on the horizon signs of prepara
tions made to retard the organization of an indepen
dent Cuban government. It has been announced from
Havana that a movement has been started there to
form a government from which the negro race will
be excluded. Such a movement' would of course
precipitate a race issue at once and fill the island with
confusion. The cry of the annexationists would then
be that it is the duty of the United States to estab
lish peace before it withdrew its forces. That would
mean, in turn, the indefinite occupation of the island.
It seems fairly certain, therefore, that we are to
have a Cuban as well as a Philippine question to
settle at the coming session of Congress. The
declarations we made in favor of Cuban independence
at the beginning of the war with Spain are to count
for nothing. The imperialists would have us treat
that country as the British have treated Egypt, and
the great principles upon which our Government is
founded are to be sacrificed in the interests of im
perialism and territorial aggrandizement.
Superintendent Webster is said to be greatly con
cerned by reason of the fact that pupils in some of
the north end schools are given to the habit of
throwing stones. So far, probably owing to the fact
that certain members of the Board of Education are
such artful dodgers, none of the missiles have found
a mark.
Advices from Mexico are to the effect that a party
of telegraph linemen were recently killed near Ortiz
by hostile Indians. It will not lessen the sorrow of
the bereaved relatives to know that such a tragedy
could not have occurred had wireless telegraphy been
established in that country.
The local Democracy has the satisfaction of know
ing that it required almost the desperation of a riot
!to nominate a Board of Supervisors. The gentle
men of that political faith are probably aware that
| it would excite more than a riot to elect the nominees.
General Castro, so the dispatches announce, has
: succeeded Caceres as President of Venezuela and is
busy sawing wood for his Cabinet. It is true they
have had no election in Venezuela, but nobody will
deny that Castro ran for the office.
The people who have always asserted that Alaska
is no great shakes evidently didn't count on the earth
quakes.
PRESIDENT McCLISH
COMMENDS THE CALL'S
EDUCATIONAL SERIES
Says They Are an Excellent Thing for leachers,
Students and Homes.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir : The plan of
giving to the public a series of articles
known as "Home Studies' ' is a commendable one .
I heartily indorse it and take great pleasure
in commending the same to the teacher, the
student and the home.
Respectfully yours,
PRESS COMMENTS
■I Sunstrokes.
Colusa Sun.
In discussing the Oriental trade San
Francifcco people have insisted on the Ni
caragua canal as a betiefit to them. The
. Sun years ago took issue and insisted that
I co far as trade with the Orient was con
cerned the canal would prove detrimental
to that city. A superficial talker by 'the
name of Barrett seemed to set the mer
chants of the metropolis wild about the
I coming trade with the Orient, but he went
i on to tell them about how it was neres
! sary to have another Senator in order
I that we might get the canal, and he
si emed to take it for granted that San
: Francisco wanted that great waterway in
! order to foster her trade with China and
i the islands. The Call took him up on it
| and says a great deal in the following few
words:
"The west coast of South America lies
east of New York. When the canal is
built that coast will be nearer to New
■ York than to San Francisco. Therefore,
i if nearness is an element in the problem,
! New York will do the trade of that coast
which we do new. Again. New York's
| trade with the Orient now has to go
I around Cape Horn or the Cape of Good
Hopi ; or, avoiding this doubling of either
I continent, it passes the Pillars of Htr
cules and travels by the Mediterranean
and the Suez canal. When the Nlcara
i pua canal is built San Francisco will be
I no nearer the Orient than now, but the
distance from New York to the Orient
•will b* cut one-half:"
'Twas Well Managed.
Vacaville Reporter.
We think the managers of the recent
State Vaii have every reason to congratu
late themselves upon the success they
have won. It is one thing to make a
good fair; it Is another to make a good
phow pay. Both have been accompl
the balance sheet .showing over $10,000 to
the good. Tfce management was a broad
one and Interested the people of
the State in the exhibition at Sacramento.
Hence us success.
■ ♦ »
Thanks to the Committee.
Auburn Republican.
The receipts show that the State Fair
was a success financially, $23,000 having
been taken in as against $14,705 last year.
And the fair was a success otherwise
than financially, thanks to the mamge
ment and State Fair committee of citi
zens of Sacramento, who worked with en
terprise and intelligence.
THE WHITE MAN'S LIBERALITY.
Big Indian— Wough!! Pale face much liberal; fire water everywhere!
— Pittsburg Dispatch.
AROUND THE
CORRDIROS
S. "W. Westfall, Sheriff of Madera, is at
the Russ.
Senator Thomas Flint Jr. Is a guest at
the Palace. »
Fred Simon of Louisville, Ky., is a guest
at the Palace.
Arthur L. Levinsky, a Stockton attor
ney, Is registered at the Palace.
F. H. Dakin of the Uncle Sam mine at
Kcnnett is a guest at the Palace.
Frank H. Buck, a wealthy orchardlst
and banker of Vacaville, is a guest at the
j Palace.
W. A. Richardson, a prominent business
man of Sacramento, is a guest at the
i Occidental.
D. R. Cameron and J. W. Barbour, two
wealthy oil speculators of Hanford, are
at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Jackson are here
from their home at Sacramento and are
staying at the Lick.
Dt. George yon Wedelsoldt, one of the
leading physicians of San Mateo, is a
guest at the Palace.
Commander Hawley of the training
Fhip Hartford is at the Occidental, where
he arrived last night from Mare Island.
S. Matthews and H. E. Abbott, two
well-known cattle men of Salinas, are
staying at the Russ while on a business
trip to the city.
J. F. Jarrett of the Topeka Journal Is
at the Occidental. He comes as an ad
vance agent of the Kansas delegation,
which will soon arrive, to welcome home
the soldiers of their State.
Proefssor George Davidson left Wed
nesday evening to attend the National
Export Exposition. He will represent the
President University of the Pacific
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
Paving the Way for Arbitration.
"Sir " said the editor of the saffron
hued newspaper to his heavy editorial
writer "I wish you'd knock off an edi
torial pointing to the beauties of arbitra
tion for the settlement of strike difficul
ties."
"With pleasure," said the heavy, hum- ■
bly; "I'll do It as soon as the noise out
side subsides."
"What's the racket?" Inquired the cdi- !
tor
"Oh," said the h^avy, "it's that dis
orderly army of newsboys howling their
demands for this paper to settle their j
strike by arbitration."— The Verdict.
Solving a Problem.
The woman who had arranged a dinner
for twelve peop'.e and then found she had
made a mistake of a day in sending out
her invitations gazed at her husband with
a look of utter despair.
"What shall we do?" she cried hope
lessly, "with all this food? It will spoil
ur.'.. hs it is eaten at once."
The head of the household was, how
ever, accustomed to sudden emergencies.
"Fear not!" he exclaimed. "In two
hours nothing will remain but crumbs. I
will send for my office boy at once."— Life.
Maternal.
"Mother, may we go out to flirt?"
"Why, yes," you little sillies.
Keep in touch with the millionaires,
But don't go near the Willies."
HIGH ESTIMATE BY
A KANSAS LADY
Writes to a Home Paper That "These
Blessed People in California Are
Simply Bsautiful."
Kansas City Journal.
A Kansas lAdy now In San Francisco
writes that the people here are preparing
to give the Twentieth Kansas an even
more musing welcome than has been ex
tended to any of the returning volunteers.
"1 think more fuss will be made over the
Kansas boys than any of the others for
tw.> reasons. The first is because the
regiment has made a splendid record.
The Beci rid is because the people here
look upon General Funston as quite the
h( role feature of the war, and, as he
married a California girl, he is regarded
as nne of the family. These blessed
people in California are simply beautiful—
that's what they are!"
Chamber of Commerce, University of
California and the Geographical Society
of the Pacific.
Dr. J. W. Taggart, one of the leading
physicians of Santa Barbara, Is among
the recent arrivals at the Grand.
S. H. Babcock, general traffic manager
of the Rio Grande Western Railroad, ar
rived in the city last evening and regis
tered at the Palace. He comes to confer
with the Southern Pacific officials regard
ing the new time schedule that will go
into effect on the 15th of this month.
C. B. Segar, general auditor of the
Atlantic system of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad, has arrived in the city
from Houston, Tex., on business with his
offico. He left last evening for Sacra
mento, to be gone several days. When he
returns he will again register at the
Grand.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— J. B. Stamford
and wife, of San Francisco, are at the
Fifth Avenue. Len D. Owens of San
Francisco is at the Hoffman. Clinton J.
Hutchins and wife of San Francisco are
at the Manhattan.
NEW YORK. Oct. 5.— J. Herbert Meer
of San Francisco is at the Herald Square;
Joseph Ehrman, Mrs. Ehrman and Wil
liam H. Ehrman of San Francisco are at
the Netherlands; Mr. and Mrs. Henry VT.
Hyman of San Francisco are at the Sa-
I voy.
. ■ ♦ •
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Oct. 4.-Henry A. Scho
feld and wife of San Francisco are at the
Wellington, Nathan Ringold of San Fran
cisco is at the St. James.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.— A. H. Fowle of
San Francisco is at the Wellington, G. A.
Dunne and wife of Oakland are at the
Raleigh and C. L. Markham of San Fran
cisco is at the St. Jame^.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
AREA OF TWO CITIES-A. O. S., City.
The area of San Francisco is 41*4 square
miles, and that of Philadelphia is 129
square miles.
NO SUCH FLOWER-M. M.. City.
There is no such flower as the "Jasmar,
consequently cannot give you "the mean
ing of that flower in the language of flow
ers."
■ QUOTATIONS— Can any of the readers
I of this department tell in what poem are
to be found the lines—
But the toils of the road, will seem nothing
When I get to the end of the road.
Al«o where "When the thirty looked
down on the thirty, when the sun went
down on Karnac" may be found.
INCREASE OF RENT— T.. City. Where
there is no contract between landlord and
;. written or verbal, and the tenant
holds only from month to month, the
landlord may at any time give notice of
Increase of rent of promises, but the rule
la that the tenant shall receive at least
fifteen days' notice that arter the exp^ra
ti( v of the current month's rent the rent
will be Increased to such hgure as the
landlord may see Jit to name.
DEEP-SKA THERMOMETER— A- O.
S., City. There is an instrument known
as the deep-sea thermometer, and it is
described as follows: The thermometer is
so arranged that it is automatically
turned upside down when the machinery
begins to draw it up from the depth at
i tbi temperature Is to be ascer
tained. The effect of the inverting pro
c< .-.- is to break the column of mercury,
and a small portion of the column re
mains in the upper end of the tube, ex
actly enough tri i m;.- nature
at the moment of Inversion. The tube is
graduated so as to read from either end
and the quantity of mercury In the upper
part of the tube is so small that it does
not respond to any but gmit and sudden
changes of temperature. So the reading
when th'- j thermometer reaches the sur
face is practically correct.
NATIONALITY-TV T. 8., City. The
answer given in this department a few
days since in relation to nationality was
correct. It makes no difference what the
rationality of the parents may be the na
tionality of the child is that of the coun
try in which It was born. A child born
in France is French, one born in the
United States is American and so on. A
child of white parents born in China is
Chinese just the same as a child born to
Chinese parents in England is bnglisn.
There is a difference, however, between
ationality and citizenship. A child
born to foreign parents in any country
may, on attaining majority, elect to be
come a citizen <.f the country of the fa
ther or be a citizen of the country in
which he was born. For instance, a man
who was born in the United States of
foreign parents, .say the father was a
German, can. when he becomes twenty
one years of age. decide by his acts
whether he will he a citizen of the United
States or be a citizen of Germany. Should
he decide to become a citizen of Germany
he would still be a native of the United
States. A man may change his citizen
ship often if he desires, but he never can
change his nationality.
YACHT RACES-J. K. F., City. The
following is the record of international
yacht races for tho America's cup:
Where more than two yachts competed in
any of these international races the position
at the finish Ot the vessel of opposing nation
ality to the winner 1b given in parentheses,
except In races in which she finished second.
What is now known as the "America Cup
was originally called the "Royal Yacht Squad
fup.v and Is frequently wrongly termed
the "Queen's Cup."
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It) at Townsend'a. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Soldiers proms home and other travelers
will lind the best Assortment of trunks,
valises, traveling sets and writing ma
terials and the lowest prices at Sanborn
& Vail's, 741 Market street. "Waterman
ideal fountain pen? a specialty. •
Will Prospect for Oil.
G. Niebaum, Leon Sloss, Joseph Slops,
Harry Francis and R. E. Jack have incor
porated the San Luis Oil Company. The
capital stock la $1,000,000, of, which
has been subscribed.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used tor fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, mlaya Pain. cnre3 Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other cause?. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. Be a bottle.
HOTEL, DEL CORON ADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay. $2 CO per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Will Make Automobiles.
The Sparks Automobile Company incor
porated yesterday with a capital stock
of 8.000,000. The directors are Charles H
Taylor, W. J. Bartnett, T. J. Sparks, John
Curtin and S. Goodenough.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
The Young Mother
She thinks little of her-
self, and fails to notice how
pale and thin she is. She
worries constantly over the
baby that does not thrive,
although its food seems
abundant.
SccTH smtil§icTL
nourishes and strengthens
the nursing mother and sup-
plies to the baby's food the
bone- forming and fat-pro-
ducing elements which
were lacking.
*■ soc. and $r.oo, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New York.THE
REPUBLICAN MUNICILAL
TICKET
HORACE DAVIS ACCEPTS
REPUBLICAN STANDARD
The /V\uriicipal Convention Nominates Him for
Mayor, Completes Its Ticket and Opens the
Campaign Witn Unrivaled Enthusiasm.
Mayor . . . Horace Davis
Auditor . . . Asa R. Wells
Treasurer . . Louis Fsusier
Assessor . . . Albert Heyer
Tax Collector . Joseph H. Scott
Recorder . . William Z. Tiffany
City Attorney . Charles H. Jackson
District Attorney . Alfred P. Black
Public Administrator John Farnham
County Clerk . Willinm A. Deane
Sheriff . . . John Ijackmann
Coroner . . Dr. A. D. McLean
SUPERVISORS.
Nathan Bibo.
Charles Bliss.
Major Charles Boxton.
Joseph Britton.
Colonel Victor Dtiboce.
Samuel Footer.
D. C. M. Gcdeell.
Thomas L. Henderson.
W. C. Johnson.
Milo S. JefFers.
Charles J. King.
Giorg-e R. Sanderson.
George T. Shaw.
Dr. E. N. Torello.
William Watson.
C. S. WHght.
John L. Kost?r.
Dr. T. H. Morris.
POLICE JUDGES.
L. G. Carpenter.
H. L. Joachimsen.
James L. Nagle.
Charles A. Low.
<r? <r?ORACE DAVIS has been chosen
■ • " I to bear the standard of the Re
publicans In the municipal cam
,i ii pilgn. In the midst of a scene
of perhaps unrivaled enthusiasm
in a local political convention he was
nominated last night for the position of
Mayor. Whatever factional disturbances
may have manifested themselves In the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 0. 1899
convention they were silenced in the cry
of a common cause. The name of Horace
Davis drew from every member of the
convention a cheer of hearty support and
enthusiasm. Cheer after oheer rang
through B'nai B'rlth Hall a3 the stan
dard bearer was placed in nomination.
Men threw their hats in the air, jumped
upon chairs and shouted themselves
hoarse in welcoming the man who is to
lead them in the campaign.
As his long record of distinguished
public service and honorable private life
was eloquently told the delegates could
not control themselves, and above the
words of the speaker upon the platform
arose the great roar, of his hearers In an
ecstacy of excitement. If ever a man en
tered a political campaign under favor
able auspices Horace Davis began his
fight last night for the position of Mayor
anned 1 at every point. When the con
vention chose him for the post of honor
on the municipal ticket the work of
nominating was finished.
The session had been one of excitement.
The first stubborn fight of the night came
when nominations for Police Judges were
called. William A. Deane had been nora
mated for County Clerk, John Lackmann
for Sheriff and Dr. A. D. McLean for
Coroner. Then the chairman mildly de
clared nominations for Police Judges in
order. There was a murmur and buzz of
excitement In the galleries, which were
crowded by outside supporters of Police
Judge Thomas F. Graham. This official
had failed to Fecure the caucus nomina
tion and his friends determined to defeat
the will of the caucus if possible. L.. G.
Carpenter, Charles A. Low. James L.
Nagle, H. L. Joachimsen and Thomas P.
Graham were placed in nomination. Gra
ham's name was received with the utmost
enthusiasm. Time after time his nomina
tion was seconded, not only by represen
tatives of the minority, but of the ma
jority as well. Before the vote was taken
it seemed as If he certainly would win one
of the prizes. Then came the Incident
which perhaps cost him his nomination.
In seconding the nomination of Charles
A. Low Wallace Bradford made an im
passioned speech calling upon the ma
jority to stand by the decision of the
caucus. This aroused the ire of the gal
leries and created bitterness upon the
floor. Nothing deterred by the demon
stration Bradford went from district to
district urging the caucus delegates to
stand firm. When he reached the dele
gation of the Thirty-eighth District he
addressed A. W. • Liechti, the chairman.
Liechti did not wish to discuss the matter
and shoved Bradford to one side. Brad
ford slipped and fell and as he was going
down Morris Itiordan aimed a vicious
blow at him. Fortunately he did not
strike and Bradford walked coolly away.
The incident cost Graham his nomination.
One of his seconds withdrew and balloting
began. The four caucus candidates were
nominated.
The report of the committee on Super
visors was then adopted and eighteen
men were chosen. With their selection
began a thinly disguised effort of the
minority to throw discredit upon the la
bors of the convention. The leader in this
episode was A. Ruef, who was persistent
in a series of interruptions aimed at the
candidates of the convention. Ruef de
; manded for example that the Supervisors
!be pledged not to vote for Phelan for
; Mayor. There was • absolutely no occa
sion for this suggestion and a sneer was
! the only reply to his motion. From that
moment to the end of the session Ruef
was in persistent evidence, gaining noth
ing and expecting nothing from his
efforts.
The last nomination of the night was
that of Horace Davis for Mayor. While
nominations were in order J. F. English
of the Thirty-third District moved at the
conclusion of a long speech that the can
didacy of James D. Phelan be indorsed.
Knglish deposited $10 and was greeted
with Jeers. He subsequently received
back his money and a disagreeable Inci
dent was closed. The concluding signifi
cant incident of the night was an address
of acceptance delivered by Horace Davis,
who was applauded and cheered until the
i hall was a very bedlam of enthusiastic,
j excited delegates.
* Chairman Sheldon G. Kellogg called the
convention to order promptly at 8:30
o'clock, and instructed Secretary Wilson
to call the roll of the delegates. This
having been carried out. the chair stated
that the first order of business was the
nomination of a County Clerk. W. H. R.
McMartin then took the floor and placed
William A. Deane.the incumbent, In nomi
nation. In his remarks Mr. j McMartin
said the convention had not thus far
made any mistake in the selection of its
candidates. He therefore assured the
convention that Mr. Deane was in every
way worthy to take his place on the
ticket, as he was possessed of all the
qualities that would make him worthy of
the confidence of reputable Democrats.
He dwelt on the fact that Mr. Deane
polled the highest vote on the ticket at
the last election, and that he was as sure
to be elected this time if given the nomi
nation. »
J.K.Jones in seconding Mr. Deane
paid that the delegates were not naming a
prophecy or a guess, but a fact and a
certainty. The nominations being de
dared closed, the secretary was In
structed to cast the unanimous vote of
the convention for Mr. Deane.
Before ihe next order of business could
be taken up, Mr. Ruef arose and yaid
he would like to refer to a ruling made by
the chair or, a point of order he 'had
made at the last session of the conven
tion, that there was not a sufficient num
ber of votes In the selection of a nominee
for Public Administrator. He stated that
since that time a number of gentlemen
had come to him and fold him he was
correct in his objection, but having
looked Into the matter he did r.ot think
it was correct, but in order to remove any
doubt, he would like to have the secre
tary cast the unanimous vote of the
convention for Captain Farnham. The
motion, coming as it did from Delegate
; Ruef. who was Mr. Farnham's chief op
i poneni on the night he was nominated,
was heartily applauded. It was put by
the chair and carried, and the secretary
was Instructed to carry out the object of
the motion, In explaining his own posi
tion Chairman Kellogg said: "I am glad
this motion was made, as it will remove
all doubt, and covers any possible objec
tion that might be made to the proceed
ing. The next order of business will be
the nomination of a candidate for
-Sheriff."
J. G. Boyne secured the floor and said:
"The gentleman 1 wish to place In nomi
nation for that high and important office
of. Sheriff of this , municipality, is well
known to* you all. He has served on the
Board of Supervisors of this city and
county for two terms, and who If you see
fit to nominate will add strength to this
ticket and will surely be a winner. He
has been identified with the business in
terests of this city for many years, and
I therefore take pleasure in placing be
fore you for your consideration the name
of John Lackmann." Dawson Mayer said
that he took great pleasure in seconding
the nomination of Mr. I^ckmnnn. In do
ing so he voiced the sentiments of the
i Democrats and Republicans of this city.
[ The , nominations closed, Mr. Lackmann
! was chosen the convention's candidate by
■ ■ in.
Ad- jiiuced Dr. A. D. McLean
in nominal ■ ercner. At the con
on his nominee the
and Secretary Wilson
invention for Dr.
.'an.
r announced that nomina-
Judgi B Wf-re in order
ared for an exciting Cray
, and I >;ack in their
chain uszky was the first to
■ entlon. He nominated L.
<;. i for the office in a neat
: . us which he sp<>ke of the good
j qualities | by Mr. Carpenter. J.
■ was next heard. He named
i. Nagle for a position on the
tleket. and said thai if nominated by the
conventfi .i he would surely I >e elected, as
--■d all the qualities that made
ice Judge.
!!. !>. I ted the no<se-making
by pi, F. Oraham in nomina
ti. said he was known to the dele-
I pointed to his excellent record
I while on I and in civil life. A.
M. Currie in seconding the nomination
I created an rpr.'ar. H" said he arose to
grive his hearty assent to the nomination
of Mr. (,r:il.;im. He slated that at the
caucus held a few niphts ago every one
. That nothing more
need be said on thai score. Hut that he
was disqualified to sit on the bench by
reason 01 his not having practiced law
I five years previous to the election, which
i wa«i in direct opposition to the charter.
| He stated that if Graham were elected he
would test the constitutionality of the law
in the highest courts of the land. Some
one in the gallery yelled, "Give him the
nomination, and the speaker re-echoed
the sentiment.
Tn ouick succession R. Cox. E. L. No
lan. W. H. R. McMartin. J. K. Jones, F.
I B. Haynes, Thomas Dennis and J. L.
Farnsworth seconded the nomination of
Mr. Graham. Their words of eulogy
brought cheers from the gallery and the
Continued on Ninth Pace.
78
21/est
BOGUS BILL
RAN LIKE A
BAD DOLLAR
His Showing Ascribed to Sick
i ess — New Moon Again
a Surprise.
A whole raft of good currency wont in
on Bogus Bill, the fast Cyclone colt, to*
•win the last racing recital on the pro
gramme at Oakland yesterday. He proved
a bitter disappointment, for after getting
none the best of the send-off Bill was
never a factor In the running. In exten
uation of his poor showing his owner said
the colt contracted a cold, which placed
him on the ailing list, and this probably
accounted for bis Indifferent performance.
The winner turned up in Rixford, the
pigmy son of Brutus, which blew In with
a gentle summer zephyr, heating Constel
■lator out a neck. The close corporation
handlcappers figured the winner well up,
■still his odds staggered back from 8 to 15
to 1. Bogus Bill received such steady and
continuous backing that 4 to 5 was ob
tainable only through extreme courtesy
at post time. Bathos, after racing out
in the lead with Bamboulia, lasted out
long enough to take the miniature end of
the purse.
The weather was thick and hazy, yet all
but two favorites escaped any asthmatic
•affections. Seven bookmakers cut In
.again, rinding the crowd and business
quite as large as usual.
People- who here too closely to figure*
■will ultimate!} land In some hidden har
.lior of refuge, and i:'.> doubt the victory of
New Moon in the handicap, at one mile
ajid a sixteenth; sent quite a number to
the phrenologist. On Wednesday the
marebeat so good a horse asHohenzollern,
<ifter wobbling all over the stretch, with
103 pounds In the saddle. Yesterday, with
I*s pounds up. she was practically un
backed at odds of 6 to 1. and made every
post a winning one. Morinel ruled favor
ite. butThorpe could never get the Morello
mar-' near the front. Mamie <; second
length In advance of Snips at the wire,
length In advance of Snipe at the wire.
Honenzollern ran a very poor race under
Duffy's wizard handling.
The lirst event, at six furlongs, : roved
only a gallop for the flrsi choice, Faver
sham. The olack colt made all the run
ning, and was eased up at the wire to
load out Jack '.]■ < be wo lengths,
A seven-furlong selling 1 affair furnished
.'mother easy win. Alaria. a odds of 3 to
5. ran away from her Held the final fur
long, galloping in two lengths before
Rapido. [ndra, after leading to the
stretch; <1<«m1 away, being beaten for the
show by Ringmaster.
For the tlrst time since the present sea
pi-;; opened the red. white ami blue colors
of A. B. Spreckels wero borne to the front
by Monrovia, winner of t'aa third event.
a slx-furlong spin. With Thorpe in the
saddle tho old mare gently subdued her
field, ami then won at leisure from Polish,
n 30 to 1 shot. Enjoyment looked to have
a rosy chance until Coburn tri*>d to
(-.'luoeze thrro feet of horse through nine :
inches ot space, when sh<- was knocked
out of it. The winner closed an even
money choice.
T c -l>:.y's Entries. * I
Following aro the entries for this after- i
noon's running events:
First rare— Futurity course; two-year-olds
selling.
101 Cowboy 1(K" Vu P'jmroer .. 9G I
(llfl)My Gypsy !'S JO.". Will Fay...;.... 03
... Heroulean 103 IGI Abbieolo 9H
(96)MUUty l" r '' S2 The Buffoon/.:. 1C3
Second rare— One mile; selling: three-year
r.M?! t.r-.n upward.
'?2 Indra 93; 124 P. A. Flnnegran. SB
114 Grady P;l 121 Correct S7
119 .Icri'l pn| 117 Uonator i<3
117 Tfnrica 1011,122 Manzanilla 101 ;
Tl-.ir.l race— One mile and an eighth; three- !
y<vir-ol<'s and upward: s^llinj;.
122 Rapido 9.*n !?4 Mamie G X, .
122 Ringmaster 1(:i»i 10t» Opponent 05
Fourth rare— Seven furlongs: all apes; sell- j
Inir.
... Montallade 102J 113 Meadow lark .... 99
(SHMunsey 10"> 104 February 102
104 Pat MorTJsssy.-.1C2 112 .Maj^.i- Cook ....102 I
(106)Socia!'st .. .. : ...VC •
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Thursday, October 5. 1899.— Eleventh
day of the "Winter Meeting- of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track fast.
_• _*. mm
Sporting &vents from All Over the worm.
Fifth race— Six furlongs: three-year-olds and
upward; handicap; selling.
115 Xovla 103 ... Rosalbra 98
115 Rio Chtco 98 ... Campus 85
...Castake 100 119 Clanini'.o S«
... Semiramide ....100 1 112 Negligence 100
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Mldlty, Summer, My Gypsy.
Second race — Dona? Jerld. I*. A. Finne
y a n
Third race— Opponent,- Mamie G, Rapido.
Fourth race— Vat Morrissey, February, Head
owl ark.
Fifth race— Clarando, Rio Chico, Castake.
TAKES FIRST THREE RACES.
Jenkins Gains the Jockey Honors at
Morris Park.
NEW YORK. Oct. s.— Jenkins took the
jockey honors at Morris Park to-day.
He won the first three races on Belle of
Memphis at 7 to I, Belle of Lexington at
4 to 1 and Raffaello at 2 to l. and fin
ished third on two others. Two features
were decided, the Bellemeade, for three
year-olds, and the Bronx high-weight
handicap, In the former McLeod of Dare
was the favorite, with Raffaello second
choice. Lady Llndsej and The Barrister
cut out the running to the last sixteenth,
when Raffaello closed with a rush and
won cleverly by a length and a half from
McLeod of Dare, in the Bronx Richard
I was the favorite, but the best he could
do was third. The two-year-old Waring
made all the running and lasted just long
enough to win by a head from Muskadine,
who closed fast. Results:
Eclipse course Belle of Memphis won. Fire
arm second, Toluca thix'l- Time, 1:10%.
Five furlongs— Belle of Lexington won, I^ady
Uncas second, lioquois Belle third. Time,
Bellemeade, seven furlongs— -Raffaello won,
McLeod of Dare second, l^ady l-.irtdH«y third.
Time. : :2«%.
Hror.x hijthweiifht handicap, six furloi
Warlnx won, Muskad n« second, Richard 3
third. Time. 1:1XH.
One mile— Herbert won, Modrine second,
Charentua third. Time, 1:39%.
One and a sixteenth mile.", selling Oliver Me
won. Dan Rica second, our Nellie third. Time,
1:463;.
CHICAGO, Oct. 5.— Weather clear. Track
fast. Results:
Five furlongs, p^lllnc Hennoso won,
McCue sec md. M I Time. 2
p x ta <ii >r won, Alice Turner
third. Time, I 16
s; ; r' -coin won. Throe
Forks sed n:. GJol c H third. Time, ::.
One ;md a sixteenth miles, selling- King Ber
:il, Bishop ReeJ third.
Tln.e, i •
■ furlongs, selling— The Hush wan. Yo
hi Monk thlr ! Tin c, 1 .':-«.
N : ii won, Futitsil Becond, Alle
- late third. Time, 1 :40.
DETROIT, Oct. 5. Weather fine. Track fart
.-(t Windsi r. Results:
. . . . Juanetta won, Rene
-r -I Ird.
• ; ,i half furli i;l.> s l . tii a won, M
v ■
Ennomia won, Virgle < » i
■ • Time. 1:41.
■ I ■■ won,
•. .;. Lucille third. Time,
Si\ furlongs, si "' n, Bru
■.'•..•. 1:14.
Wheelmen Organize.
P • SAI »ENA, ' ast evening a
h council of tho League of Ai
can Wheel • • - ; or
der for hofding important
re i!: ; s -.vintfr. now that
is no banked track. Dr.
.M. O. Randal] was elected senior consul;
1 1. (:.is*ii ■r, junior c< ns::i ;
■!'.-i, i ry : < reorgi B.
lerk ' '. w. Bell,
E. W. Flint and Assemblyman w S. Me
lick were chosen aa a board of g cvernors.
Fair at Eollister.
HOLL.ISTBR, Oct. B.— The sixth annual
fair of the Agri< ultural Ass. ciatlon, Dis
trict Xo. 33, will open T >ctober
i close October 14. The ass
tton will have Bye 'lavs' racing, made up
principally of overnight ev< nts. The large
■ ]j,-iviiion is rapidly filling with exhibits.
Trimble Defeats Evan
T^OS ANGELES, Oct. ". Jim Trim:
Tv<>s Angeles gol i!'.- 1 decision over Jim
Ryan atl at the <*nd of a twen-
H-rr,:mil i-miti-sl hf.ro tn-nls-ht
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, FBIDAT, OCTOBER 6. TSiSf).
BOXERS READY
FOR THE FRAY
AFTER a lull in boxing f< i
months the National
Club will promote a bout between
Theodore Van Busklrk and Fred
Russell next Thursday night. Van
Buskirk is well known here, having
boxed with Jeffries. Jeffords, Stelzner,
Baker, Joe Kennedy, .;..* Goddai
all the l>!p guns of the heavy-weight
division. )i» has been uniformly suc
cessful, the only knockout against
him being administered by Champion
Jeffries. Russell Is from St. J'a;.!.
Minnesota, where he defeated ;ill box
ers wiping •■■ enl r the lists a ■
h'.-.r.. ]]>■ Is l"it 21 years of ape. is six
.'.> Inches tall and boxes ai 200
pounds. Hi was trit-,1 out quietly upon
PHILADELPHIA TIES
THE BALTIMORES
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. T. Pet. I lube— W. X Pet.
Brooklyn ....SB IS .681 Plttsburg ...74 72 .507
Boston .. ...92 '■: .634 Chicago 73 72 .603
Philadelphia 91 55 .623 Louisville ...73 73 .."no
Haltimore ...8.1 3S :588 New York 56 85 .897
St. liouia !2 ■• .. r .j4| Washington 51 95 .350
Cincinnati ..77 65 .512 ' Cleveland ...20 127 .136
BALTIMORE, Oct. Both Nops and Dona
hue were in fine form t.i-'lay. Though Nopa
was lilt harder, not a run would have been
prom"! by the visitors had Smith not dropped
n thrown ball, allowing I^auiler to cross the
plat* in the fifth. The game resulted In a tie,
betas called at the end of the ninth on account
of darkness. Attendance 1050. Score:
Clubs- . R. H. E.
Baltimore 2 5 l
CAPE NOME IS THE
RIVAL OF THE KLONDIKE
Indications Observed Over Thirty
Years Ago Lured the First
Expedition of Gold
Seekers.
Daniel B. Libby, otherwise known as
the "father of the Cape Nome region,"
arrived home from the north last Satur
day. He "aid that the Alaska Explora
tion Company alone would send down
KM this Beason. lie worked beside the
men employed by that company and
therefore had a *rood chance to know how
they were doing. Mr. Libhy's story dif-
Ois materially from thai of other "fath
ers" >)i" some particular gold country.
"I was in that country In I^o6-67," said
Mr. LJbby, "on tlie telegraph construc
tion work. I was convinced then that
there was much gold ther^ and meant to
Investigate before we came back, but cir
cumstances prevented. The Klondike
strike broughi the matter up again. I or
ganised a party of four in this city, !.. F.
Melsing, a. i. Mordaunt and H. L. Blake
being ihree and myself the fourth.
"We left here August )H. 1897, and kept
the se<r«t of our destination until we
reached St. Michael. There we got a
st>-;un»-r t<> Golovin Bay. There was no
white pefson in That country then ex
cepting one trader, one missionary and
ourselves. Our destination was the
N'eukluk River, where J had seen the in
dications in 1867. We found gold at. (Jolo
vin Bay In October. The next spring we
found t'>!d mi other streams than the
Neukluk, In April we located Nelson and
(>;>hir creeks. We found gold on every
stream bul one thai we tried. We still
think the Ophir unrivaled tor richness In
thai section.
"Blake went down the river and down
the coast in July, 1898, and made discov
eries nil Anvil Creeks lie staked no
ground and discouraged others from lo
cating. H>- expected i" X'> back with an
other man. Before he could do that a
party of Lapps and Swedes located on
Anvil < reek and other creeks In the i'ape
Nome district. Later Blake organized a
district jusl south of Commercial <"ity.
The nearer the water the richer is the
pay dirt on i ln- Cape Nome beach, but
the tide Interferes with operations too
near the edjfe of 'he beach. There ure
6000 persons at Cape Nome now. 1 think
that the district is equal to the Klondike
In 1 ichnesß."
Mr. Libby and his associates purchased
la:;. 1 and made locations extensively. Mr.
Libby Is satisfied they will turn out well.
ll«- will fjo north in t lie spring.
Williams Elected Libi^arian.
A meeting: of the directors of the Mer
cantile Library was held last night, with
<ie<>rge Newhall in the chair. The fol
lowing trustees were elected: Kmile
Daniel, vice Miss llamlin, and JaoolJ
Newcomer, vice Miss Agnes Manning. T.
Norwood was elected treasurer, vice T. K.
Bannennan.
W. I. Williams, who has been assistant
librarian at the Mechanics' Institute for
seven yean past, was elected librarian.
President Newhall stated that $5500 of
the old debt had been paid. The finance
committee reported a balance of $300 over
the expenses of, last month, the first time
that such has been the case in fifteen
years.
Rudolph Spreckels was added to the list
of life members.
New Oil Company.
Ed E. Wade. S. C. Thomson, H. Frod
sham, David H. Wn'lker. 11. A. Sully, J.
Drossner and Frank Quinn have incor
porated the Southern Oil and .Land Com
pany with a capital stork of (600,000, all
of which has been subscribed.
Philadelphia 2 9 1
B.itterles^-Nops and Smith; Donahue anil
McKarland. Umpires— Manassau and Snyder.
WASHINGTON. Oct. B. Opportune hitting
and good pitching won to-day's game for the
Senators. The Brooklyn men could not bunch
their hits. Attendance MO. Score':
Clubs— R. it. c.
Washington 4 10 1
Brooklyn 1 9 4:
Batteries— 1 Inpen and McManus; Dunn and
McGulre. i re Ems lie.
BOSTON. Oct. 5.— 801 ton made it five
straight. Seymour was erratic, giving seven
bapes on balls an.i hitting a man. The sharp
work of the I;... ■-ton infield was a feature. At
tendance 675. Score;
Clubs—  It. 11. E.
Boston 9 11 1
New York 3 9 ii
Batteries— Meekln and Sullivan; Seymour and [
SERVIANS LOSE A
FAITHFUL FRIEND
LAZAR .JOVOVICH.
T-azar Jovoyich, one of the most promi
neni members of the local Slavonian col
: ony, died yesterday at his home in this
<ity. lie was a native of Kamenb, LJooche
di Cattaro, Austria, and was 63 years of
age. He came to this city thirty-four
years ago, and for the past thirty years
has been actively engaged in business
! here.
Among his countrymen he was known
over the entire United States for his deeds
of charity and kindness. No Slavonian
ever appealed to him for assistance and
went away with his appeal unanswered,
and In many cases he has been known to
have established his countrymen in bust
ness*
He was prominent in Servian society
circles being a member of the Servian
Mt -n« :■ < luh and the Servian Literary
,m "'7' ": " s "''"'y- For four con-
S^BtfefSStnUiKr 1 ° PreßldeDt oi
The funeral will take place Sunday aft
wi SJiii ™ U A e Greek Orthodox Church,
and will be under the auspices of the Sla
vonian societies of San Francisco. °& * .
Emma Hansen Had a Close Call.
Through the prompt attendance of the
resident physician at the City and County
Hospital Emma Hansen, aped zo years,
will live to tell her experience in inhaling
an overdose of illuminating gas. The
young woman was found at 6 o'clock yes
terday morning In an unconscious condi-
V 01 1'" nPr bed at the residence of Mrs.
.1. Goldson at 4n Laurel avenue. The
strong .smell of escaping gas attracted the
attention of the early risers in vie house,
and on Investigating it ie source from Avhieh
it came they discovered that it was in
Kmma s room. An examination of the gas
jet showed that Kmma must have turned
it on, either purposely to end her earthly'
troubles or through carelessness. The i
young woman was instantly removed to j
the hospital, where restoratives were ap- i
plied, and her life was saved.
Wh.-n Been last night she positively de- !
clnied to # give any explanation as to why
she turned on the pas, or, in fact, to say !
whether it was done purposely or acci
dentally. Miss Hansen has been in the i
city about eighteen months, and those
who Know her know of no reason why she
should decide to make the iourney across
the dark river by the gas route.
his arrival here some weeks since and
gave a good account of himself. He
is in training quarters at the Six-mile
House, while Van Buskirk is at the
Seal Rock House on the ocean beach.
The preliminary . bout will be be
tween "Rufe" Turner and "Jimmy"
Rellly, the former claiming the light
weight championship of the State.
The men met in Stockton some months
since and Reilly was defeated. He
was suffering from a fever at the time
and entered the ring against the
wishes of his friends.
. » « —
Manager J. J. Groom Retires.
.T. J. Groom, who for a number of years
hus acted as manager of the National
Athletic Club, has resigned. This action
was taken in view of his appointment to
a clerkship in one of the l'olire Court?.
J. D. Gihbs, who has been closely Identi
fied with\the club as matchmaker, has
been chosen by the' directorate to till the
vacancy. The' next bout to be presented
by this' club will be the meeting ol Rus
sell and Van Buskirk, the heavy-weights.
After that they will endeavor to set lire
the prospective bout between the Cali
focnlan welter-weights, Al Neill and
George Green.
Warner. Umpires— Swartwood and Hunt.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 5. Waddell ha>l the R<»ris
;it his mercy to-day and easily shut them out.
Frisk pitched good ball in all hut the thlnl
inning, when tlm i vionels bunched four lilts.
Attendance 200. Score:
Clubs - n. H. E.
Cincinnati (i •', 3
Louisville 4 S 1
Batteries— Frisk and Kahoe; Waddell and
Latimer. Umpire— < •' i laj
ST. L<>riS, Oct. R.— The Pirates made If four
straight to-day. The Perfectoa hammered
Gray's shoots and hp was taken out. Lieever,
who replaced him. uas Invincible. Attendance
3300. Score:
Clubs - r. h. K.
St. I. .uls 6 IS 4
Plttsburg ?. 9 )(, (,
Batteries Sudhofl and O'Connor; Gray
Leever, Kchrlver and B.iwerman. rniplr*-Mc-
Donald.
COMMODORE M'CALLA
FAVORS THE BIG CANAL
Says That a Nicaraguan Waterway Is
Necessary to Save Expense in
Mobilization of War
ship.
Since the construction of a ranal
through Nicaragua waa projected the
local Chamber of Commerce has availed
Itself <>f every opportunity t<> demon
strate its necessity, its K'-rieral benefit to
the Government at iarK>-. and to the
Pacific Coast in particular. In order to
ill.;;, in further data to this end the
president r.f the chamber addressed a
letter to Commodore H. H. McCalla,
commanding the I'nited State? cruiser
Newark, which recently arrived from the
East via Cape Horn. Wednesday a letter
was received from the commodore In
which he answered the Inquiry by giv
ing these facts: Between New York and
San Francisco the Newark steamed 16,086
miles, departing from the straight course
by visiting a number of ports. Had she
been able to go through tin- proposed
canal the ravigable disiance saved would
have been 8070 miles. The coal consumed
amounted to 41^7 tons, and the estimated
saving in fuel by the canal route would
have been 2418 tons, and the value of the
coal thus saved, at the ra-tes charged at
South American ports would have
amounted to $23,899 10. After discussing
other features of the difference between
routes the commodore writes:
I beg leave to add that from a military point
of view the possibility ol" reinforcing the fleet
in the Pacific or Atlantic by units from one or
the other ia of the Kreatest importance, and as
the canal would enable us to more quickly re
inforce the Pacific or Atlantic fleet, such a
waterway would enable us to rest satisfied
w Itfa a Bmaller navy than would be required
without a canal, because the forces would be
Within closer supporting distance of each other
than if they had to pass through the Struits
of Magellan, The value to the I'nited States
of such a canal as the one proposed across N'lc
aragua cannot be estimated in dollars, because
tlie absence of BUch a means of communication
may easily mean deteat with sad and humili
ating consequences; instead of victory and the
end of the war, due to the rapid concentration
possible through such a waterway.
Mil the ground alone of sound naval policy
the canal should already have been in opera
tion, and before national interests, those of cor
porations, perhaps largely Imaginative, are In
significant. To point the moral: We must
consider the length of time which the bat
tleship Oregon was compelled to take In rein
forcing the Atlantic fleet in IS9B. We must also
realize the undoubted and very great advantage
which the Suez canal affords to Great Britain
in her communication with her Indian empire;
and the Increased strength which Germany
possesses in being able to unite her Baltic and
North Sea fleets In eighteen hours by means
of the maritime canal through the Schleswlg-
Holstein peninsula.
Mrs. Anna Aigeltinger Bead.
Mrs. Anna Maria Algeltlnger, mother of
Supervisor Edward Algeltlnger, died yes
terday at her home in this city after a
brief Illness. She was a native of Ger
many, aged 78 years. Supervisor Aigel
tinger was inspecting some coal mines in
the Rocky Mountains when his mother
was taken sick. When it appeared that
her illness would result fatally he was
notified by wire and at once started for
home. lie arrived here just a few min
utes after ins mother had passed away.
Besides the Supervisor deceased leaves
two sons and two daughters— Charles and
George Aigeltinger, Mrs. Eliza Christman
and Mrs. Sophie Kuschel.
Coast Seeks Representation.
The San Francisco Board of Trade sent
dispatches yesterday, signed by President
Watkins and Secretary Smith, to Presi
dent McKinley and Senators Heitfeld and
Shoup of Idaho, Foster and Turner of
Washington, Carter of Montana and Stew
art and Jones of Nevada, urging that the
important interests of the Pacific Coast
would be served by appointing a Pacific
Coast man to fill the vacancy in the In
terstate Commerce Commission. Senator
George C. Perkins was interviewed by-
President Watkins and promised to work
for the appointment of a Commissioner
from the Pacific Coast. The Chamber of
Commerce has taken similar action-
TALENT GETS
A VERY BIG
SURPRISE
Peter the Grea', Considered
a Gnch, Loses the Tran
sylvania.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 5.-The $10,000
Transylvania to-day, which attracted the
attention of horsemen all over the conti
nent and in which it seemed a moral cer
tainty that Peter the Great could not be
beaten, was one of the greatest surprises
ever witnessed in Kentucky. After a ter
rific battle in which fortune was in Pe
ter's favor up to the third heat, which
he lost by a break within 160 yards of the
wire. Lord Vincent won the great stake
by sheer pluck and unexpected bottom.
At 1:20 the candidates were on the track,
for the first heat for the Transylvania
was the first race called. They were sent
on the fourtn score, With Charlie Herr in
the lead. ".Look at Peter," murmured the
crowd ■■'-■■- he took the lead on in.- first
turn. At the quarter Peter still led, with
Charlie. Herr half a length away and Hal
lie Rocket third.. It was the same at the
half, with Peter a length ahead. Up to
the far turn liter was leaning back in
Ins sulky restraining his horse. They
came to the three-quarters in the same
fashion ana began unving through rhe
sux-tch. "Peter the Great!" yelled the
crowu, and coining easily he won by a
leiigtii iroih cnarne tierr, whose driver
hau ii-iii ins whip from the nalt-poie.
"It's ail over!" said cne plungers, Dreak-
Ing for the betting shed to nt-dge. Peter
now sold tor iin> and the Mela brougnt
but ten. Iney were again oft for the sec
ond heat. Tit- -i- wanted, to make a run
away race of it and was a lengtn in front
of charne Hen at the lirst turn. They
passed tne quarter in :32>j in this order,
with Halve KocKet third. In 1:03% they
reached the half, with Cnarlie at .Peter s
saddle At the three-quarters Peter was
still leading and Charlie fclerr gamely
hanging on, his driver whipping. Under
the string they went in the same order,
Peter winning by a length from Charlie
and Kingmond third.
Betting did not change for the third
heat but there were few takers for the
field. Peter began his old race when they
were sent away the third time. At the
quarter he led Charlie Herr, who was a
length in front of Kingmond. Past the
quarter Herr began to move up and, neck
and neck with Peter, passed the half in
1:03% Around the far turn Peter in
creased his lead and turned in the stretch
a length In front. A hundred and fifty
yards from the stand it looked easy for
Peter He broke passing the distance pole
and Kingmond pushed ahead, coming like
a lone on the outside, and took the
heat, with Herr second and Peter third In
2:09 flat. •
The betting shifted to 50 for Peter and
65 for the Held. Kingmond was away first,
with Peter second, in the fourth heat,
and Ilerr close up. Before reaching the
quarter Kingmond and Herr left their
feet and Peter went on two lengths before
Lord Vincent. Peter led four lengths at
the quarter, and it looked ail over. Vin
cent was second and Herr third. Bunched
but in the same order they came in the
stretch. Peter again broke half way down
and Vincent came on even terms. The
spectators were on their fieet yelling as
they passed under the wire. Peter's head
was six inches in front, but he had run
in the break. The heat went to Vincent,
Herr third.
Peter sold $60, field $100 for the next
heat. The favorite was done for. how
ever being tired out. Herr and Peter
fought to the head of the stretch. Here
Tudor Chimes and Kingmond joined in.
Vincent had left his feet at the half and
was out of it. ■ -
Peter might have staggered home first,
but broke at the distance pole and fin
ished fifth. Kingmond took the heat,
with Tudor Chimes second and Herr
In the sixth heat Vincent, Herr and Pe
ter were up. The field sold for $50, Peter
$25 Non-winners were sent to the barn.
Off to a good start Kingmond led to the
quarter, then broke. Peter took the lead
by two lengths, but tired and was passed
by Vincent and Kingmond, the winner
finishing pulled up.
Vincent sold for ISO and the field for
$25 for the last heat. They were sent
away with Vincent in the lead. Peter waa
too "tired to keep the pace and the finish
was a procession, with Vincent, King
mond and Peter finishing as named.
The betting on the Transylvania was
sensational. Two of the largest pools
ever sold on trotting races was auctioned
off. The first was just after the third
heat, when Kingmond and Peter the
Great trotted a head finish. Andy Welsh,
the well-known bookmaker, bet Thomas
"W. Lawson of Boston $6000 to $5000 that
Peter would not win. After the fourth
heat Welsh bet Lawson $10,000 to $5000,
again taking the field. Mr. Lawson's
losses were conservatively estimated at
1900 Ramblers $40— will arrive about November I.
OPEN EVENINGS.
BICYCLES
WHILE THEY LAST.
THOS. H. B. YARNEY, Market & 10th, S. F.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED, |
DR. A CO. have me largest prar- H
tlce and best equipped medical lnatitution ■
on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 years B
PRIVATFJ BOOK and advice free at office ■
or by mall. All letters confidential.
731 Market St., San Francisco. 9
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
vast
YOUNG DOGS
ARE ENTERED
AT INGLESIDE
Many Promising Greyhounds
Will Make Their Debut
in the Puppy Stake.
The young greyhounds will have their
inning's at Ingleside Coursing Park this
week. Thirty-two entries have been re
ceived, some of them untried youngsters
of fashionable lineage. The prizes in thi3
stake total $200, of which $50 goes to the
winner, there being sixteen prizes in all.
The open stake attracted an entry of
sixty-tour (logs, including many well
known performers. The draw last night
resulted as follows:
Flippy stake, 3:1 dogs— T. Farming's Little
Bt-n VS. Connell Eros.' Clover; J. I. O'Brien's
Cattle Gum v». A. Van den Bergh's Copper
head: T. ' Fannlnz's Royal Cliff vs. W. C.
Clapson's Santonin] ; C. Banner's Wild Nora vs.
G. Frederickaon's Mi=s Fireball; W. C. Glas
son's Happy Thought vs. D. Shannon's Sul
sun; George Pinto' a Mischief vs. J. B. Mar
tinet's Buxton; i.iwiree I'lnto's Glad Hand vs.
Ci. Lahusen's Firefly; <;. Frederirkson's Ask
Him vs. J. B. Martinet's Bernal Hoy; W. C.
Qlaseon'fl Sleighbella vs. J. Ferris' Cleopatra;
T. J. Mclnerney'a Princess Royal vs. J. I.
O'Brien's Good Time; M. Nolan's Peg the
Rake vs. J. McGrath's Red Rose; Connell
Bros.' Dunrcore vs. J. B. Martinet's Bernal
Chief; .1. M'"! mack's Proud Beauty vs. J.
Anthony's Patriot; .). Morlarlty's Jimmy An
thony vs. J. Coleman's Good-by; J. Byrnes'
Hi^li Time vs. Connell Bros.' Green Isle: Pl.
Btrahle's Three Cheers vs. J. McGrath's
Blower,
Open ?tßke, 61 dogs— Connell Bros.' Pt. Helen
vs Handy & Smith's Victor Queen; Kay &
Trant'a Hawker vs. D. Chella'a Golden Ru«
sett; 11. A ivckeiman's Prim • George vs. E.
M Kellogg's Hummer; T. Farming's Babe
Murphy vs. H. A. Deckelraan's K.»-kiin Belle;
Connell Bros." Mamy Pleasant vs. J. Dean's
Moondyne; P. M. Clarkson's Green Hal! vs. T.
Mannlx's "Water Witch; Moran & O'Neill's
Nellie 11. vs. J. McWrmack's White Tip; H.
A DeckeJman's Lawrence vs. T. J. Harring
ton's Southern Girl; J. Dennis' October Wood
cock \-> <:. Labuaen'a Wheel of Fortune; .T. M.
Sttlwell'S Aleck vs. J. M. Btllwell'S Esmer
alila: T. J. Harrington's Beau Peep vs. J. C.
Talbot's Blackrock; Moran & O'Xeill's Irene
II 's D. Shannon's Boubrette; J. S-ererson's
Gold Hill vs. E. M KelloKp's Kid McCoy; T.
Sullivan's Maid of the Hill vs. W. C. Glassons
Joy Bel b; T. 3. MrHugh's Moss Rose vs. T.
.1 Cronln's Rose of Tralee; T. Gaffney'a Sir
John Arnott vs. C. Grau's Newsboy; Stebein
& Daly's Shylock Boy vs. Connell Bros.' Los
Boy; Connell Bros. 1 Benorita vs. Kay & Trant's
Eclipse: Murphy & Toland's Ornament vs. P.
Rlordan'a Lord Hastlncs; Handy & Smith's
Wilson vs. E. Baumeistf-r's Warrior;
Lowe & Thompson's Prin.» Hal vs. J. M. Stil
well's Hatabelle; E. Pallon's Lily of the West
va I' M Clarkson's Black Hawk; Siebeln &
Daly's Gypsy vs. K. M. Kellog-g's Lady Gil
more; I> Dowst's Sarcastic vs. J. Dennis' The
Dex-U; .1. I. O'Brien's Admiral Dewey vs, M.
Mlchalik's Kerry Cow: George Burfeind"s Pas
time vs. R. Remilson's Do* Daze: E. M. Kei
lOKg*a lowa Maid vs. Murphy & Toland's Tea
Rose 1/iwc & Thompson's St. Oran vs. H.
\ ten's Mlsa Ir>!s: J. Byrnes' Eleven Spot vs.
SiebeiE & Daly's Lady Oswald: J. Byrnes'
Olympus vs. W. IT. Shears Chauncy; J. Fltz
simmoi.s' Peaceful Glen vs. E. Baumelster's
Winning Way; J. Byrnes 1 Nellie vs. T. J. Mc-
Hueh's Maid of the Mill.
$20 000. Sixty thousand dollars were in the
pools on the race. Summaries:
The Transylvania, 2:13 class; trotting; value
$10,000.
Lord Vincent b. s. by St. Vin
cent, dam Gold Lie, by Gold
Leaf (C, Doble) 8 6 5 18 11
Kinumond. b. g. (Mai"h) 7 3 17 12 2
Pfter the Great, b. B. .Tlter).. 113 2 5 3 3
Charley Herr. b. s. (Ke11y).... 2 2 2 4 3 r.n.
Tudor "Chimes, b. K. (Geers)..fl 8 8 3 2 r.o.
'■ Hallie Rocket, b. m. (Conley).. 3 5 S 6 7 r.o.
1 Surpol c. s. (Curry) 4 4 7 5 4 r.o.
! Bonnatella, b. m. (McHenry).. 5 9 4 8 6 r.o.
• Sarah S b. m. (Wallace) 6 7 distance, l
Time^2:o9' 4 , 8:08%, 2:09, 2:mi, !:&!*. 2:\2\.
2:13> 2 .
2-1' pace, purse $100©— Fre*bond •won In
straight heat?. Time— 2:o9%, 2:l2Vi. 2:10. Hart
ford Jr. second, Waggo third. Edward S also
started.
j 2:27 class, trottinpr: pur?e $10(^V— Phrai"" won In
straight heats. Thne— 2:l6, 2:12';, 2:1.1. Jo«
i Watts sernnd. Ger.rpe Alex: third. Khba. Slip
i away, Lady K. t'orea and Cnzad also started.
Run Over by a Coal Cart.
John H. Canavan was brought to the
Receiving Hospital yesterday afternoon to
have a dislocated foot and a bauiv bruised
arm attended to. Canavan was driving a
coal cart in which were two bales of hay
along Harrison street, when, in trying to
save one of the bales from slipping, he
fell from the cart, the wheels of which
passed over his right side.
Lectures at Emanu-El Temple.
The usual winter course of public lec
tures given at Eramann-El Temple will
begin this evening. Rabbi Jacob Voor
sanger will deliver the inaugural lecture,
the subject being "1799— A Comparison of
Washington and Napoleon." These lec
tures have been largely attended In the
past and the current series promises to
be very entertaining.
DR.PIERCES~^
GOLDEN
MEDICAL. h
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
_BLOpD,BJVER.LUMGS,:
t(^ i^VpEWEY,STRONG &CQ.^^
Jw °PAT EN TS ■
Weak Men and Women
S^^Me^an^^^^^F^eltthT/i
•trength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 MarkeUHORACE DAVIS ACCEPTS
REPUBLICAN STANDARD
friends of the candidate in the conven
tion, but ■he concluding sentence of Mr
Cox's speech brought down the house.
~i\o yelled: "Show the respectable mlnor-
Ity that you are not going to walk all
i.vor them. Give us Graham and let it go
at that."
J. G. Boyna again took the floor and
named Charles A. Low for a position on
The ticket. In seconding .Judge Low Wal
lace Bradford won the enmity of the
lobby by his biting words of ensure
They were aimed at the delegates who
had shown a willingness to break their
pledge to the caucus, and were made with
a view to whipping them Into line. He
*%' , 1 f lse t0 s cond the nomination
of Judge Low. and in ing this 1 wish
to say that with a majority of members
oi this convention I went into a caucus
pledged to abide by tho decision of that
caucus, (Hisses and applause.) Oats can
hiss und so do snakes. Considering mv
sclr an honorable man, whose word Is as
good as his bond and who the first time
a bill is offered pays it dollar for dollar
1 would not dare to enter a caucus and
within a few days go into a political con
vention and fall down." (Applause )
Delegate Currie arose to a point of or
der that the speaker was not talking
point, as he arose to second a nom
!i« ■ '-, Ml "- Bradford tried to continue
his onslaught, but Abo Ruef sprung up
?wif UIK i th V r ? oint of - order - He said Mr.
Bradford had no right to spoil the
chances of any candidate by offending
man 1» the convention. Bradford
then asked if he had not the right to tell
th% convention why he arose lo second
the nomination of Judge Low, but the
S^S WOUld t ave no "c of v, and Chalr
iv©Hogg thought he had spoken suf
ili -t.y on "the subject. With a oonclud
"f ?° rd of praise for his candidate he
?hl ym?*' a ° d .^en Arnold W. Uechtl of
,\* }?l ,- c^ hth District took the floor
and added his meed of praise to what
had already been said of Judge Graham.
Ho was also Interrupted by a point of
order from Delegate Sargent, but Llechti
icfused to pause, and the lobby was with
him with its roar of approbation. At last
tne chairman heard wnat Attorney Sar
{f°int,Jlaid, and ruled against him. The
delegate from the Thirty-eighth District
continued his speech and was loudly
, cheered for his expressions of good opin
ion for Graham. Thomas K.>rr arose to
second the nomination of Judge Low, but
was unkindly received by the gallery
Dawson Mayer followed by placing
Judge. Joachimsen in nomination. The
speech was a strong one. but did not
raise much enthusiasm, as the crowd was
Graham first, last and all the time. Abe
Kuer said that the Republicans of the
Forty-fourth District Indorsed Thomas P.
Graham, and also made an appeal for
votes for the candidate. William MoNa
mara seconded Graham and said he had
seventeen votes for him. Max Goldberg
regretted that no one seconded Judge
Joachimsen, and ha took that duty on
1 himself.
At the conclusion of his remarks nomi
. nations were closed, and Wallace Brad
ford moved that each delegation arise
. when Its vote was recorded. This was
carried. A short recess was then called
while tne chairman in each delegation
.canvassed a vote. Wallace Bradford un
wisely entered the lines of the enemy and
. ereau.d a. stampede. He went over to the
Thirty-. District delegates and tried
to remonstrate with them for in
dorsing Graham, which was contrary to
tho promise they made to the caucus
when they were taken in. Chairman
; Lic-ohti roughly pushed Mr. Bradford
away, ar.d the latter tripped over some
chairs and fell to the. floor. As he arose
Morris Riordan. another member of the
delegation, tried to hit him, but the ser
peant-at-arms prevented a light. Mr.
Bradford then walked coolly back to his
f^t. and when the meeting was again
called to order J. K. Jones, who had sec
onded the nomination of Judge Graham,
hotly withdrew his second. In view of the
disgraceful attack on a fellow member.
A vote was then taken, and while the
eecrctaries were counting them the next
order of business, the nomination of a
Superior Judge to fill the unexpired term,
was called. Delegate Haynes. a member
of the committee to mine into the
candidates for the position, moved that
the matter be referred to a committee on
vacancies. • This was carried.
CJmrles L. Field, chairman of the com
mittee- on Supervisors, then arose and
placed the namos of eighteen well-known
citizens in nomination for Supervisors.
He said no eulogy was necessary at his
hands: that if the convention nominated
thc-m it would confer a favor which would
be ratified at the polls by the people of
this city. H. D. Byrne seconded the nom
inations and moved that they close. The
motion was carried, but not" until Attor
ney Riiof had voiced the statement that
tho members of the Forty-fourth District
aid not care to vote for the whole list.
He asked to have it called separately.
This created some noise and more debate,
but in the end Ruef withdrew his request,
and the original motion was adopted.
When nominations for Mayor were
called I* L. Solomons took tne "platform.
Delegate Metzner of the Thirty-fifth Dis
trict called for three cheers for the
attorney, and after they were given
the gallery gods interrupted proceedings
for five minutes by calling for cheers for
everybody. When order was secured Mr.
Solomons ■ aid:
The campaign about to be inaugurated Is in
many respects a novel one. For th« first time
in the political history of San Francisco the
assertion baß emanated from men who call
themselves Rood Republican! that because a
I'emocraUc official has proved hiinsr-if a faith
ful public servant for two terms It would be a
political crime for a Republican convention to
oppos? his third term candidacy. The sugges
tion has even gone forth that thli convention
t-hould indorse the r»est Democrat, thereby
giving public testimony of the fact that honest;
and ability are unknown quantities in the Ke
liiblican party. Whatever may be the condi
tion of our political opponent? in that regard,
the Republican party confesses to no such pau
perism. . ;
The spectacle of a good Democratic Mayor
tnay be and no doubt is bo remarkable as to
exalte universal admiration, but it is- a car
dinal principle of our political faith that no
rr.an is to be 'eulogized for d Ins his simple
duty. The Republican party refuses to wor
ship as a moral hero any public official whose
frreat private fortune has placed him beyond
reach of temptation, and by the same ken It
stamps with its seal of disapproval that over
leaping ambition which approaches danger
ously the verge of demagogism. The phll&n
throplEt for political end? is no different from
the philanthropist for revenue only. We, the
reorganized Republican party of San Francis-co,
in the flrnt rnuniclDa] convention held umte
the changed conditions and the new primary
law, have pledged ourselves and do pledge our-
Eelvps to-night to denounce and destroy politi
cal bo.vism in San Francisco, whether Demo
cratic or Republican.
The Republican party has in Its ranks
hundreds o£ mtn whose attributes of local
*tatf-Mna.nshlr> are fully equal to those of the
estimable i t>rr.an v.ho Is the present Mayor
ot San Frauclsco. But we have selected the
klr.K arm r.g/them all, a man on whom we can
without f;ui;stion c-jnfer the title of the fore
most citizen of j'an Francisco. Our candidate
comos of Kood ancestry, was educate 1 In the
public schools of Mabsachusetts, a graduate of
Harvard College, a graduate of Harvard Uw
Hrho-jl, a pioneer of California, for ten years
president of the Produce Kxcnang-e, two years
president of th<» Chamber of Commerce, a trus
tee of Stanford University, for four years
president of ■ the University of California,
I a trustee of the Jameß Lick School of Mechani
cal Arts s<lncc Its foundation, and since its
active operation the president of the same, and
»'ir ten years a rustee of the Public Library.
An old-line Republican, he espoused the
<Jaucht»r of that great Republican preacher,
that eminent divine, that sweet-voiced orator,
thai st'.ut-honrted Unionist and apostle of hu
man liberty, Hey. Thomas Stfirr Mag, of.
blessed memory. :••.'■ ■ ■ ■
Many of you recall the stirring- and troublous
times nf ';;_ '73 an( ] '7?. when the new consti
tution was still in embryo, when the great Chi
nese question was the all-absorbing Issue in
California, when the labor market was staff
nated, when (.r^n-nir Indignation meetings and
disturbances of all kinds were rife, when Den i
Kearney was mouthing his anarchistic utter
ances upon the snmilot and processions of
alile-lxKliiid men phr.utlngr for work or bread
were matters of daily occurrence, there arose
a man nam«Hl Horace Davis, For four full
terms as the Representative of th* Fourth Con
gressional District of California in the halls of
national legislation he battled and labored
heroically and arduously against fearful odd»
for the <2rnan<:.-,at!on of California from the
curse of Chinese slavery.
Opposed to him were* his old New England
neigh bom and contemporaries, who shrieked
hysterically of the Fatherhood of God and
the Brotherhood of ran; but Horace Davis
never dropped Ills s"*ord 1111 victory crowned
it, and the first restriction act passed the
houses of ContrresH. Part of his great life
■work aoOmpliahed, he returned to the paths of
peace and the. employment of private life from
•which retirement we have dragged him forth
to-nlffht to confer upon him the preatest gift
In thfpiTWf-r r.f this convention to bestow upon
a citizen of. San Francisco. The offering may
be no honor to the man, for we can add
nothing to hie fame; but In accepting the offer
ing he honors this convention, the Republican
party and the citizens of San Francisco. Nomi
nate him, and the office of Mayor will lend
him no crace ha does not pay it back a
hundred fold. Elect him, and you can return
Kto your homes upon election night and tell
. * Jour' families and friends that bosslt-m and
Continued from Seventh Page.
I demagaglsra alike are dead; that the God of
; our nation reigns, and the Republican party in
S=a n Francisco still lives.
Three hearty cheers greeted Mr. Solo
mons un the close of his eloquent speech.
A delegate from the Twenty-eighth As
sembly District seconded the nomination
and toid what a good friend Mr. Davis
was to the working™ en and what a Bplen
did showing- he would make south of Mar
ket Btr< et
J. F. English of the Thirty-third Aa-
Bembly District was next recognized, and
after depositing Ho with the secretary
1 surprised the whole convention by asking-
St to Indorse James D. Phelan. The howl
rotest that arose from the vast aa
lage nearly raised the roof. The re-
I was not treated seriously by the
l< legates, and Abe Ruef ugain secured
or to add his praise to what had
bean said. He prophesied the election of
: -Mr. Davis and said he would get out and
work hard to bring about the n suit. He
appeai>-d to the delegates to do likewise.
Cheers were given for the speaker when
he finished. William Metzner also said
nice things about the Republican leader,
and when he concluded Attorney Percy
V. Long arose to a.sk whefher Mr. English
had deposited $10 with the secretary, ajid
on. being informed that he had asked that
it be returned to him and he made a mo
tion to that effect. Needless to say, it
was unanimously carried.
The chairman then announced the vote
for Police Judges. He Bald 259 5-7 dele
grates voted and that 130 votes were re
quired to secure a nomination. Graham
.?d 122 5-7, Low 227 6-7, Joachimsen
215 4-7, Xagle 180 6-7 and Carpenter 156 5-7.
The last four gentlemen were chosen the
r... mimes of the convention by a unani
mous cast by the secretary of the con
vention.
When the County Committee fight came
on the minority delegates, under the lead
ership of A. Ruef, rallied for a demon
stration.
Delegate Adrian Smith of the majority
moved that the committee consist of
ninety members, four from each Assem
bly District and eighteen at large, and
that the chair appoint the committee
Mr. Smith moved also that the chair be
Instructed to consult with the chairmen
of delegations in making his selection.
Delegate Ruef raised object ion to the
motion on the ground that the law did not
authorize selection of a county committee
In such manner as Mr. Smith's proposition
contemplated. He contended further that
delegates were officers under the primary
election law and could not delegnto their
era to the chairman. He rais.-.i a
point of order against Smith's motion.
Chairman Kellogg ruled that the con
ventlon had power under the law to ap
point a county committee in the ma
mplated by the motion oi Delegate
Smith.
Mr. Ruef gave notice in a friendly spirit
that he might seek from the courts an In
terpretation of the law.
Smith spoke at length in sup
! the motion. The tone of his speech
rsuasive and conciliatory.
Mr. Ruef acknowledged the courtesy of
the remarks by Mr. Smith, but he r- a
. Li? objection tc the plan on the
ground that ii placed the p>>\\ir in uw
man's hand, and that such power might
ed in the futun- to perp<
rule. He contended that th« district del
egations should be consulted. Tin- minor-
Legates should not be driven out >r
the party and converted into Aguinaldos.
Ruef was asked by an Inquisitive delq
why he did not mak-- that -
one year ago. The question elicl
shout of applause, mingled with laughte"'
At this point Ruef was interrupted and
Horace Davis was escorted to the stage.
When the committee escorting him en
tered the hall there was a remarkable
oi enthusiasm. Th«* delegates of
the majority and minority. n~ w< U as Vie
..tors in the gallery, arose and
cheered to the echo. The cheering wa?
prolonged for Beveral minutes. Wh< n
Sir. Davis nscended the platform the
ring was renewed. When the enthu
siasm subsided Deleg I - nons intro
l the nominee for Mayor. The Intro
duction was the signal for another d -rnon-
Htration. As the applause lulled Mr. Da
vis spoke:
"Mr. <'hairman and Oentlemen of rh<^
Convention: I thank you for the great
r. I feel th<' honor more deeply as f
consider the character of the convention.
rsonnel and its history. T recognize
this assembly as an independent conven
tion. It is not a body of puppets pulled
by strings. You have had your olff«-r
- and have adjusted them, and you are
mf nted and ready to move forward
to victory."
Davis spoke of the position of
Mayor as one of great responsibility at. all
a .tnd of particular responsibility at
this time under the new charter. ' Tie
of the platform of th» convention,
which h<* approved, and said he would ac
cept the responsibilities of the nomina
ti .n.
Reviewing his long devotion to the cause.
uniclpal r<-form. Mr. Davis said: "I
voted for the Freeholders and I voted fur
barter. I believed that the charter
would open a new era of reform and r
am In entire harmony with the spirit of
the new charter. We ore not only munici
pal reformers but we are Republicans.
We defend our homes, our city and our
State, and we are bound to defend our
greater home extending from one ocoan
to another -our country. (Great ap
plause.) This fight is not simply a local
fight. It is the advance skirmish of tho
great battle to be fought a year hence.
As you go homr» to-nieht go home with a
determination to organise and consolidate
your forces, so that you may effectively
battle for our homes, our city, our State
and our country."
Ruff moved that the county committee
consist of seventy-two members, four
from each district, to be chosen by the
district delegations. The motion was lost
-178 noes; 21 ayes.
An amendment offered by Delegate Cerf
and accepted by Ruef was also rejected
Delegate Smith's original motion was
earned, ana the chairman in putting the
question announced his purpose to con
sult district delegations and when they
agreed to be guided by the district rec
ommendations.
On motion of Delegate Humphreys the
following committee on purity of. elec
tion was appointed:
Joseph I-iyman, 1916 California street*
E. T. Donnelly, 318 Oak street; Captain
A. R. Simmons. 703 Tennessee street* G
Casner, 1322 Folsom street; Melcholr
Voerel, 019 Powelf street.
Delegate Schell moved that the chair
man be authorized to appoint a commit
tee of five- to fill vacancies on the ticket
should any occur. The chair appointed
Delegates Schell, Field, Sargent, Clark
and Brandt to constitute the committee
On motion of A. Ruef a vote of thanks
was tendered to the chairman, Sheldon
O. Kellogg, In recognition of his able and
impartial services as presiding officer.
Thanks were also voted to the secretary
and attaches of the convention.
The convention adjourned to the call of
the chair. .
To-morrow night at the Grand Hotel
headquarters there will be a meeting of
the committee of seventy-two of the Cen
tral Republican League. Measures will
be taken to secure commodious head
THE BA:N FBAiNCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1899.
quarters and conduct the campaign in a
vigorous manner.
O'BRIEN'S PARTY
TURNS HIM DOWN
Thomas Loses Control of His
Own Convention.
•
Ciiizen Republicans Refuse to Obey
Instructions and Adjourn Before
Completion of Programme.
Tom O'Brien's Citizens' Republican
party nominated a few candidates last
evening: at Pioneer Hall, adopted a plat
form and then broke loose and adjourned.
It will take another whack at ticket
making: this evening and Mr. O'Brien
promises to have the harness so arranged
that the delegates will be unable to take
the bit in their mouths and get away from
him.
The nominations mnile last evening be
fore the Bmash-up follow: Coroner, Dr.
Thomas H. Morris; County clerk, Peter
Hammond; Police Judges, Edward M.
• y and Judge Treadwell.
Joseph E. I^je, who parts his hair in
the middle and wears a fierce mustache,
was ih>- chairman, and as soon as Mr.
O'Brien told him that everything .^ i
for the start he called the con
vention to order. Without any prelimin
aries the ]>!:ui inn was read. It thi
numerous ilora! . "/.ens'
I;< publican pa rtj . appi ovea tn
ley, di pn cates the exist
ence In the Republican party of self-con
stituted bosses, who, it charges, have
made the party locally corrupt, indorses
the new charter; r< (ommends r
my but not penurj In the man ig< mi I
the city's affairs, favors better Bchools,
and o • epart ment . v
It says is the pride of San Frai
ir:K used as a political machine. Tin plat
form '
is to pality from tnj
hands of the ! remedy all of
the existing evils.
A delegai ■ ting the Thirty
seventh District created the first dlsturb
-!• offered a resolution to nominati
but two Police Judges, Bwit( h •it to
some other office and then finish the
ib. O 1 Brien saw a joker
olutlon and prut, sted
atrainui its ad iption. He denied that L»ai
Burns had anything to do with the Citl
gens' Republican party; asserted that the
Hotel Republicans were blind with
lation t"r ; I
ed him a gold brick. He explained
ma rii c h< had conl
with them and under promis< of some
recognition had fallen In behind
ticket and had helped with his for*
push it through to victory. H
with some Borrow that the Grand ■
contingent had not conferred with
He did not explain the joki ;■ .
: .; _ iiiion and it was
adopted.
Then without further ado O'Brien nom
inated Dr. Morris for Coroner. E
thing went alonK nicely. The sami I ■
■ lent was accorded his nomine* for
County Clerk, Peter Hammond. Edward
M. Sweeney and Judge Treadweli were
named for Police judges before the
trouble broke out in earnest. Despite the
re? jlntlpn O'Brien tried to force the issue
and stirred up a political hornet's nest
Jud^e Joachimsen was placed in nor
n by one of O'Briens men and the
ringmaster himself followed with the
nomination of Judge Charles Conlan. An
obstreperous delegate protested with
vigor against a Republican convention
swallowing a Democrat, claiming 1 that
there were enough of their own kind will-
Ing and anxious to fill every office for
which nominations would be martp.
Turmoil followed and in the midst of it
all there was a motion to adjourn. Chair
man lA'f. refused to entertain the idea of
quitting. He, said that a motion to ad
journ was always" in order except when
it was out of ordy, and that this was one
■ if the occasions when it was out of place.
Roll call was demanded and finally things
grew so boisterous that the chairman wa*
■ I to yield. The lobby and all voted
as the secretary called the names of the
delegates, and when the task was- com
pleted the tally sheets showed that
O'Brien had lost control of his own con
vention by a vote of more than three to
one.
Ju<lko Conlan states that the use of his
name before the convention was entirely
unauthorised and done for the purpose of
injuring him before the Democratic con
vention to-night.
M'NAB'S CONVENTION
CALLED TO ACCOUNT
Organized Labor Threatens to Bolt
the Democratic
Ticket.
Labor unions of this city are at war
with Gavin McNab and his Democratic
convention and are so incensed at ■ the
treatment they have received that they
have demanded recognition in the fol
lowing open letter, signed by their re
spective representatives:
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: We, the
undersigned representative* of the respec
tive labor organizations, do earnestly pro
test against the manner In which we have
been treated by the chairman of tin.- "Dem
ocratic munclpal convention" In regard to
a petition forwarded to him, soliciting that
the same be placed In the platform in th"
interest of labor. The request we deemed
Just and equitable to the lab - a masses ,
of the city, both "men and women. T)iq
petition was based on a bill known as
"Senate bill 457," and which passed both
bouses of the Legislature at its last ses
sion, which bill, if signed by the Governor
would have relieved the toiling masses
from an enormous expense and burden, but
unfortunately we met with the same rebuff
and rebuke at the bands of the Democratic
convention as we did at the hands of the
chief executive of the State.
What was the use or the benefit to the
people to destroy those devils known a3
bosses when it Is plain to be seen by in
telligent people, according to the actions
of the convention, that they are abject
■ slaves and suppliant tools obeying the dic
tates and commands of even a worse and
more cunning boss than those that were
destroyed by the people, namely: Gavin
MoNab. .
The reason for the high-handed manner
In which this Czar this tyrannical politi
cal boss, subjects the majority of the con
vention, you may say under whip and lash,
can only be attributed In our minds to the
fact that he has become intoxicated and
delirious over the popularity of the Hon.
James D. Phelan, believing that his name
will carry the ticket through; and is of
the opinion that he can foist on the people
such men as he may deem proper to name,
and that the voter is so gullible that on
the day of the general election he or they
will swaliow the whole potion.
We desire to state that since the advent of
the Hon. James D. Phelan into the political
arena we have been his warm and earnest
supporters, and without egotism we can say
we have done more to elevate him than all
the "McNabs" that ever left the Highlands
of Scotland.
To show our gratitude for one who proved
himself to be a fearless and courageous ad
vocate of labor by his untiring efforts in its
behalf, we do not ask but we demand that
the Hon. R. Porter Ashe receive at the hand
of the convention the nomination for the
office of District Attorney, believing that he
is the most available candidate for the
office, being a man of marked ability, pos
sessed of all the qualifications necessary to
fill the position, and one against whose in
tegrity no man can say aught, and further
that he is the most popular man known to
all the labor organizations of vi« city. His
name placed on the ticket will bring
strength to It and carry the ticket to a
successful issue. In conclusion we desire to
state that, representing fifteen thousand
votes, our demand is worthy of considera
tion and certainly of recognition. Should It
not receive cognizance the only Inference
that can be drawn Is that labor Is a nonen
tity and not worthy of any recognition, and
this will force us to act as the Merchant of
Venice.
Were it not for the support given by our
Independent lab organizations we "know
that the complexion of the convention would
have been widely different. Respectfully,
t E -t, R - os fv J TT Davls: . Charles Wright," J.
L. Purrell, H. Howard, James D. Parnell,
J. F. Sohlomer.
R. R. REEGO. Corresponding Secretary.
SQUAWS FIGHT FOR FORTUNE.
Lucy Hite's Suit for Divorce on Trial
The hearing of the divorce suit of Lucy
Illte, the Indian woman who claims to
be John R. Kite's wife, was opened yes
terday in the offices of Rodgers, Paterson
& Slack in the Nevada block, when the
taking of depositions from the principals
in the suit was begun.
The plaintiff, who is a full-blooded In
dian woman, claims that she is entitled
to a portion of the vast estate of the
Mariposa mliionalre, who has since mar
ried another woman. Should Judge Jones
decide that the Indian wedding said to
have been performed for the couple is
legal, it wili invalidate the marriage of
Hite to Mrs. Cecelia Nougues, which took
place in Oakland two years ago.
Judge J. P. Jones of Mariposa County
ordered the case to be opened, he having
come to this city with his stenographer
for that purpose. W. \V. Foote and F 1 J
Castleton represented the defendant and
Van H. Paterson and Charles P. Hanlon
the plaintiff.
Lucy Hite, as she is commonly called
was put on the stand and told of havi-ig
gone to live with Hite after an illness
through which she had nursed him She
finally left him lierruise of his unfaithful
bui returned to him at Elite's Cove
after he had promised to mend his wars
she related how Hit- had put his arms
id n< r to be married and said t.. her
in Digger Indian, "Toi na me oha," which
means, "I marry you."
Attorney Foote wanted this stricken
out, but the court overruled him. saying
however, that 11 was 'i-uii.tful whether
the Indian marriage, if such it was is
v;iiid iii !:t\v.
The woman then pwore that Hite had
!■'■ Rented her to Mrs. Thomas Jenkins
rles A. Phillips, Mrs. C. \ Vischer
Ji Steams, Archie Leonard, Mrs Perry
Holland, Mrs. Mary Grosjean, Luther
Dave and James Grove, Sam WeADha 1
Mrs. W. H. White. Billy Sims and a great
many others as his wife, and that sh-»
was commonly known to them as Mrs
Hite. She said that Hite had given cattie
to her son Tommy and provided for his
schooling. She had always had a i ood
. home, which her millionaire husband had
kept up,
Tommy Hite, son of thp witness, was
present in the room, but will not be made
to testify until later. He. is an unsightly
cripple.
John Hite, the defendant, will be put on
the stand to-day.
See the new color window, "Keith's." •
H-H-f-f-f-f -f ♦ ♦♦♦ -t-f ♦♦♦++♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
k;. i; -f
o-»-o-»-o.»-o-»-c-».o ■*- o-»-c-».o.«.o-»-o ♦•c».0.».0.».0-»-o-«-o-»-o-«- o-»-o-»-o-»-o-».o-»-o-»-o 't'
[I ■ it
1 I In Next Sunday's Call. ♦* I
l. o-^-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»- o -•■o-»-o-«-o-»-o-»-g-»o-*-o-»-o-*-o-»-o-»-o -•-©•♦•c-«-o-»-o-*-o-»-o .
f ■ * I I
I I How I Spent Twenty-Four ♦ !
k; ; ; i Hours in Jail. B ILL. . BRADBURY » |
I.: ! "- 1 :.:♦ I
I ] THE KLUMPKE GIRLS. i jo
o The Story of Anna Klumpke and Her Talented Sisters. ?
I : °* — — *° I
k ♦ THE DUKE OE MARLBOROUGH'S ♦ >
f I FAMOUS COLLECTION OE JEWELS ♦ J
t IS NOW IN AMERICA. t +
X I Read about them in next Sunday's Call. . o T
to ♦ o
I \ A SAN FRANCISCO GIRL VISITS SARAH BERN- ♦ 4
f ♦ HARDT AT HER HOME. ♦ f
t : i —^ * f
T HOW TO REMOVE WRINKLES. I 1
•- No An illustrated article that will interest o -i-
\ ' ♦ every woman. . By MME HYGEIA, o I
o o
I | THE BOOKS OF THE WEEK- ? $
♦ By PROFESSOR H. B. LATHROP of Stanford University, ♦ 1
o o
- ♦ ' - ~ r ~~~. , - o ■ t
° Prize Babies of the Mschan- Story of the First Flagstaff ♦
I"'i o its' lnstitute International Raised in California to Fly £ -<►
♦ Baby Show. the American Fag. " ._ °
. o >
♦ Fashion, Fiction, Housekeepers' Chat and a Host of Other o "£■
/:.-: : \ Interesting Features \ +
\'■ ♦ ' n n n o „ r, „ - « o o n ! „ « : " ♦ >
| In Next Sunday's Call. }!
In Next Sunday's Call.
: I it
. o-+-e-»-c-*-o-*'O-*-c>-*-o -•• o-»-o-*-c i *-o-»-o-*-o*o'* - 0-» i O-»-0-*-0 I «-0 ■•■ O"*-O-*"O-*-O-»'O-*-O -4-
"♦4^^^^4^^^44-4444»4-H-.>f4:4>4444'»^>^f ♦♦♦♦♦•f ♦ ♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦
THREE HUNDRED
FIRMS TO HOLD
MASS MEETING
Important Conference
To-Day.
A meeting of gTeat Importance to the
business men of the city will be held this
[ afternoon at 2 o'clock in the rooms of the ,
San Francisco Board of Trade. All the j
wholesalers and jobbers of the city have
been invited to attend. The purpose of
the meeting is to complete the organiza-
J tion of the merchants in opposition to
the Eastern jobbers who are seeking to
get the trade of the coast.
What the St. Louis Freight Bureau pe
titioned the Interstate Commerce Com
missioners to do is thus enumerated: To
abolish the present difference between j
carload and less than carload rates and
I commodity rates; to fix a difference be
tween carload and less than carload
rates; to grade the rates between Chi
cago and St. Louis and between St. Louis
I and San Francisco.
The effect of granting the laßt named
j request would be to make the rates
higher to San Francisco than to any other
! point east of San Francisco. The Job
bers and wholesalers of this city believe
that this move would destroy the jobbing
business of the coast.
The argument of the Pacific Coast
wholesalers and jobbers is that the estab
lishment of graded rates would entirely
neutralize the advantages that belong to
geographical position. Railroads must j
recognize the competition of vessels, and -
all the transcontinental roads have here- ■
tofore recognized such competition and I
have given their termini on the Pacific j
lower rates than to intermediate points.
H rates are graded to St. Louis or St.
Paul or Chicago they must be graded to
towns and cities farther West, and it
I would be possible for the merchants of j
I the mountain cities of Butte, Helena and
Grant Falls, for Instance, to solicit and
secure business in the seaports of the
north; and the same conditions would ap
ply to Intermediate towns east of San
Francisco.
If rates were graded westbound, they
pay. they must naturally be graded east
bound also. Chicago would get a better
graded rate than New York; St. Louis
a better rate than Chicago; the Atlantic
const manufacturers and merchants
would be shut out from the business of
the Pacific Coast, in the interest of St.
Louis and Chicago, and the advantage
which the Pacific Coast terminals have
always enjoyed by reason of having
transcontinental rates based on the fact
of sea competition would be lost. To
grade rate? from Middle West jobbing
points would expose the Pacific Coast Job
brr to an unnatural competition. If St.
Louis should be given a lower rate on
business consigned to Pacific Coast termi
nals than New York, then the cities far
ther West would be entitled to still lower
rates on Pacific Coast business than St.
Louis.
About 300 firms have been Invited to be I
represented at the meeting this afternoon, i
which will be one of the largest gather-
Ings of wholesalers and jobbers held in
this city in many years.
Station D Will Not Move.
Station D of the postal service at the
foot of Market street will not he dis
turbed in the rearrangement of the space
In and around the ferry station. Wells-
Fargo's location will be changed. The
postal station will eret all the space and
mmodatlon that it r.eods. The ox
press company will he provided with a
new building and will also have all tha
accommodation that ip necessary.
S..ni<> days atr<> there was some fear
that station I> would be forced to re
move by reason of the intprruption of Us
business due to the passage of the ex
press company's anri many other teams
across the postal fiel<l territory in the
bat k nf tlie ferry station. Since then there
have been repeated conferences. The
Harbor Commissioners were visited by
Postal Inspectors Munro and Erwin. The
express people were also consulted. There
was no place in the ferry station unoc
cupied that seemed to he adapted to the
uses of either th<- express company or of
station D. A proposition was made to
move station D farther south and tako
up a part of the downstairs waiting room.
This was considered unsatisfactory be
cause the express company's teams would
still be a source of .-ontinual interruption
to the dispatching of mails.
Finally the plan lias been hit upon of
removing the express company entirely
fr<>m the ferry station and providing room
and new buildings south of the ferry sta
tion. There is ample wharf room at that
point and buildings can be provided that
will serve the express company even bet
ter than the quarters now occupied.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
1146 MARKET STREET.
NEWJSTORE.
J. O'BRIEN" & co.
SPECIALS
THIS DAY.
BLACK AND COLORED DRESS GOODS.
38-INCH BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR will be offered at 250
yard. V '
37-INCH BLACK CREPON will be offered at 25c yard. " ' •
46-INCH BLACK AND NAVY SERGE, extra value for 65c; *
will be offered at 50c yard.
36-INCH FANCY DRESS PLAIDS, extra value for 50c; will
be offered at 35c yard.
24-INCH COLORED MOREENS will be offered at 45c yard.
46-INCH BLACK CREPONS, extra value for $1; will be of-
fered at 75c yard.
CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
BLACK AND COLORED MOREEN SKIRTS, extra value for
$1; will be offered at 65c.
BLACK FIGURED ALPACA SKIRTS, extra value for $1;
will be offered at 65c.
LADIES' GOLF CAPES, extra value for $4; will be placed on
Bale at 93. a
LADIES" GOLF CAPES, extra value for $8; will be placed on
Bale at $6.
LADIES' BLACK AND NAVY TAILOR-MADE SUITS, ex-
tra good value for $10; will be offered at $7.50.
200 LADIES' AND MISSES' JACKETS, in black, blue and
tan; neatly finished; will be placed on sale at $5.
Very latest novelties in ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT GOLF
CAPES, new patterns, large variety; low prices for fine
goods:
J. O'BRIEN & CO.,
1146 Market Street, Bet. Taylor and Mason,
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER. ™L. "
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW NIGHT.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2:15 P. M.
SPECIAL MATINEE SUNDAY AT 1:30 P. M.
BEIS HENDRICKS
"A YENIJINIiFNTLEffIAN."
COMMENCING SUNDAY NIGHT, OCT 8,
MISS NANCE O'NEIL
AND HER LONDON COMPANY,
Presenting Sunday, Monday & Tuesday Nights,
"PEG WOFFINGTON."
Wednesday and Thursday Nights and Saturday
Matinee,
"CAMILLE," a New Version Which Has Been
Adopted by Sarah Bernhardt.
I Friday and Saturday Nights,
"THE JEWESS."
' POPULAR PRICES— 750, 60c and 23c.
Matinees. 60c and 2."c.
SEATS NOW READY.
COLUMBIA_THEATER.
LAST 2 NIGHTS & SATURDAY MATINEE,
MODJESKA.
Assisted by MR. JOHN E. KELLERD
And a Company of Players.
To-Night -MARY STUART.
BAT. MAT., "MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING."
Saturday Evening— "Macbeth."
SUNDAY NIGHT, October 8,
HWL T*PfcY-T»RJ>y
THE GREAT MUSICAL FARCE.
Eddie Foy, Josle de Witt and Others.
Special Comedy Season Prices— Jl, 7Ec, 60c & 260.
ALCAZAR
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY!
LAST THREE NIGHTS!
ROLAND REED'S
Roaring Farce Comedy,
Innocent as a Lamb!
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
"Jlltt THE PENMAN."
SEATS NOW READY!
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
And Saturday Evening,
. . . CARMEN . ...
Avedano, Ealassa, Llchter, Llnck, Etc.
...THE MIKADO...
Saturday Matinee anil Sunday Night.
Alt C Wheelan. Tom Greene, Ada Walker,
William Schuster, Julie Cotte, Ynez
\\';. :;■:-, Dean, Etc.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
Next Week— "Satanella" . , and "Ernani."
Tuesday Evening— Grand Verdi Birthday Cele-
brat ion A Monster Verdi Bill. '
TJEADQUARTERS ♦o*o*o*o ♦
n — = - i
0 For tourists, travelers, societies ♦
, and associations that visit San p
* Francisco. . ♦
X -PALACE AND ♦
* GRAND HOTELS. ■♦
£ The accommodations, cuisine, service ♦
? and location make these hotels desirable o
* for transient and permanent guests, x
? Rates on application. "
t JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. °
O Manager. ♦
♦ o
■•" o-»-o-»-o-»-o-*o-»-o-«-
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
MATINEE TO-MORROW at 2:16 o'clock.
Last Three Nights of Plan<iuette's Favorite
Comic Opera,
RIP VANWINKLE.
NEXT WEEK— GIROFLE d\ - OFLA.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES, 10 cts., 15 Ota.,
25 cts.. 35 cts. and 50 cts.
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee, 23a.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
HAWAIIAN QUEENS,
FOREST AND KING.
FELIX MORRIS A CO.
JENNIE YEAMANS.
FRANK CUSHMAN.
SEYMOUR AND DUfREB.
TERRY AND LAMBERT,
STINSON AND MORTON,
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats, 50c.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY. SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY.
RACING! RACING! RACINGI
1899 -CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— I9OO
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 23, 1599.
, OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Than*
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance tv th»
track. Euy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
| All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
I Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
: Broadway. Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
j mcda Mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
I cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track In fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
CONCERTS AND BESOBTS.
LAST TIA/O DAYS
OF THE
MECHANICS' FAIR
AT
THE PAVILION.
ODD FELLOWS' NIGHT TO-NIGHT.
PLEASANT TIME FOR ALL.
LITTLE IRENE GOUDY in Fancy Dances.
LITTLE IRENE PALMER in Piano Solos on
tVie stage in the main hall.
Last Chance to see the Filipino Village, Fili-
pino Circus and Indian Village.
ADMISSION TO FAIR-25 CENTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE. THE "GEISHA" GIRL, AND HER
LIONS.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE BILL!
WORLD'S CHAMPION HIGH DIVERS.
"PRINCESS," the His Elephant. In the Zoo.
SATURDAY NIGHT — JEFFRIES-FITZSIM-
MONS FIGHT,
Reproduced by the Animatoecope.
SEE THE 15 GIANT GALAPAGOS.
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
purr nnuAi Corner Fourth and
\jt\\L nUIHL^ -Ove a^at. La8 ald
Ulll L. UUIIIUfe Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
Weelly Call $1.00 irir Year
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AMD NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bank of England again advanced its rate of discount.
Silver declined a fraction. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures firmer again. Barley neglected.
Ratlicr more demand for White Oats. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay still in heavy receipt and weak. Feedstuff's unchanged.
Pink Beans lower atid other descriptions firm.
es and ! 's featureless.
Butter and Cheese unchanged. F.ggs continue to advance.
Poultry in ample supply for all needs.
Game dull and easy owing to tlie hot weather.
Wine Grapes selling oft freely at the high prices.
Dried Fruits stand the same as before.
Meat market unchanged.
Increased Revenue collections.
English Hop crop reported damaged.
Charters.
The Arthur Bewail loads merchandise for
York.
The General Banning loads merchandise for
Mazatlan and Sun Bias.
The Benicia loads lumber at Grays Harbor
for Santa Kosalla: Ottllio Fjord, lumber at
Grays Harbor for Honolulu.
Bank of England Rate Advanced.
The Bank of England yesterday advanced
Its rato of discount to 5 percent, the second
advance thie week. The rate Is now unusually
high and indicates a sharp demand for gold
in England.
Specie From Mexico.
Imports of specie from Mexico nt this port
for the first nine months of the year were
$2,716. 3f>!>, against $4,f.1T.65S for the same time
In IS9B, and consisted of J1.U2.546 In silver dol
lars, |677.&82 In silver bullion and $625,531 in
gold bullion.
Revenue Collections.
Internal Revenue collections In this district
during the first nine months of the year were
J2.7fsO.Kfl. against J2.154.855 during the same
time last year, and included |»30,701 for Beer,
$55.".430 for Spirits. $203,024 for Tobacco a.nd
$C*6,£6S for War Stamps.
English Hop Crop Damaged.
The National Association of English Hop
Growers, under date of September 11, has is
sued the following circular:
The Council last year issued a circular to
growers, in which certain advice was tendered
that proved very beneficial to sellers at Wor
cester Fair and subsequently.
At a large and representative meeting of the I
Council held here to-day the general questions
of the crop and market were considered, and I
although it was found that hops had thus far 1
come down in most districts ol excellent qua!- ;
lty and up to expectation as to quantity, the j
recent and rapid spread of red mold on the I
thin lands and vermin on the deep lands is |
60 seriously affecting the ungathered crop as |
to render it impossible for a larger supply of j
choice hops to be marketed than was the case j
last year. From these facts, added to the
lark of labor in several districts It appears
to be not improbable that a large area will
he left unpicked, and that consequently an
important reduction from previous estimates of
the total yield of tne English crop must be
brought about.
Recent reliable Information from America j
confirm previous reports and it is now ad
mitted that in New York Slate the crop will
be 20 to 25 per cent less than last year, and
that the quality being affected by mold and
vermin will be more or less inferior. There
fore, though the yield of the Pacific Coast may
be in ex.-vrrs of that of 189S, the total American
output will only leave a moderate surplus for
exportation. In Oregon and Washington there
Is a recent increase of lice, which may yet
lower the estimated figures for these States.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California "ay:
3>ireka 52 : Independence 64
Red Bluff 90 j Los Angeles 73
Facram^nto 86 San Diego 6S
Fresno S2 Yuma 90
San Luis Oblspo SO j :
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
7%; minimum. 58: mean. 6S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is rising slowly along the north
ern coast. The trough of low pressure ex
tending from Arizona Into the valleys of Cali
fornia, while less deep than usual. Is causing
rain in Southeastern California. Rainfall of
10 hundredths of an inch in the last twelve
liuurs is reported at Independence.
The temperature has fallen from S to 10 de
gree* over the greater portion of California,
Conditions are favorable for showers in Cen
tral and Northern California Friday.
Rain is falling from the mouth of the Colum
bia River northward.
Forecast nus.de at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight October 6, 1859:
For Northern California— Showers Friday;
fresh southeasterly winds; cooler in the Sac
ramento and San Joaqutn valleys.
For Southern California — Cloudy Friday,
probably showers; fr.-sh westerly winds.
For Nevada — Cloudy Friday; showers in
eouthwi iorticn: cooler.
or Utah— Fair Friday in northern portion;
ehowers In southern portion.
For Arizona in southern portion; show
ers In northern oortion.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Fri
day, probably light showers: cooler, southeast
erfv. changing to fre*h westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. Mc.ADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— The stock market con- i
tinued to snow marked Indifference to the dis
turbances In fr reign markets on account of war
senre and of money difficulties as well as to
the continued stiffness of the local money rate.
Prices dipped at the opening: on the rumor of
an invasion of Natal by the Boor forces and
on the further advance in the Hank of Eng
land's official rate of discount. But the open
ing prices were for the most part the lowest
and the market quite promptly set about re
trieving its decline. The liquidation for Lon
don account was comparatively small in vol
ume, sales not exceeding; 13,000 shares. In fact,
the foreign stock markets m ■ Hi- ! to take no
very serious account of the strained condition
of tain and even the Kaffir mining stocks,
which would be most vitally affected by the
war, were quite firm.
The market for call money In New York
showed further, relief from the extreme strin
gency. To-day's maximum rate wan 13 per ,
cent, and It fell before the close below the legal
rate. • - . .
The undertone of the market was very firm.
This was iot due to any larg«s demand, even
in the case of stock which moved quite widely,
but rather to the bidding up of prices by those
Interested In seeing a higher figure for their
holding*. This bidding up process, however,
failed to bring out large offerings, which fact
was significant of the market's llrmnes?. An
other was the large number of stocks now
usually dealt in. which were brought into ac
tivay. The latter feature la always indicative !
of the presence- of the bargain hunter who Is
buying stocks outright to hold at an invest
ment, a class of buyers who do not depend on
the mom-y market for borrowed funds. There
Is undoubtedly a growth of confidence that the
rtringency for money is over. The demand
from the Interior for funds continues large and
may encroach on the reserve of interior banks
loaned to-day on call in New York. The rising
discount rat* in London caused an additional
advance in the rate for sterling exchange here,
in Paria arid In Berlin, and the weak return of
the Bank of Fran discourages the Idea that
either London cr New fork can hope for large
relief from that center.
Tin* bond market win Cull in sympathy with
etocks. Total ral^, par value, $1, 275.000.
Unit' States twos declined -.. new fours, Vi
and the threes and fives a the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shores Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
2,6.13 Atchlaon 20
10,9i0 Atchison prefd G2U
1,100 Baltimore and Ohio 48H
100 Canadian Pacific S9^
...../. Canada Southern I2\i
100 Central Pacific „ 67%
1.220 Chesapeake and Ohio 24%
700 Chicago Great Western 14%
5.200 Chicago., Bur and Qulncy 129%
Chicago, Ind and Louisville WVi '
Chicago, Ind and Louisville prefd.. 41 i
600 Chicago and East Illinois 95"4
300 Chicago and Northwestern 163%
2,880 Chicago, Rock Island and Pac Ill 7 :
1,200 i" C C and St Louis 54 :
100 Colorado Southern 5
Colorado Southern first prefd 44% |
200 Colorado Southern second prefd — 18 !
SSO Delaware and Hudson 122%;
4,750 Delaware, Lack ami Western 189% ;
Denver and Rio Grande 20%
Denver and K!o Grande prefd 74 1 , '•
Erie 12%
300 Erie first prefd 35%
Great Northern prefd 163%
Hocking Coal 17%
310 Hocking Valley 31 j
415 Illinois Central 112 '- 2
100 lowa Central lS'.i I
lowa Central prefd 56% I
320 Kans City. Pitts and Gulf S»s I
300 Lake Erie and Western 19 i
300 Lake Erie and Western prefd 79 >■
Lake Shore 200 |
14.565 Louisville and Nashville 77% I
560 Manhattan L 103
1.760 Metropolitan Street Railway 196
I.OCO Mexican Central 14
700 Minn and St Louis , 70
300 Minn and St Louis prefd 98
4,700 Missouri Pacific 49%
120 Mobile and Ohio 44 j
Missouri, Kans and Texas 12 1 i.
6'Y) Missouri, Kans and Texas prefd.... .j'Sg
1,620 New Jersey Central 118%
727 New York Centra] 133\
1,094 Norfolk and Western 23%
500 Norfolk and Western prefd 6S
3.600 Northern Pacific 51%
810 Northern Pacific prefd 74
2. 650 Ontario and Western 24%
....... Oregon Railway and Nay 42% I
1.100 Oregon Railway and Nay prefd 75V> |
1,400 Pennsylvania " 131% I
C2l Reading 21%
2.!<00 Reading first prefd 55%
300 Reading second prefd 31% !
Rio Grande Western 57%
Rio Grande Western prefd 77>* i
210 c=t Louis and Pan Francisco 10% I
fi>t Louis and San Fran first prefd 69 J
100 St Louis and San Fran 2nd prefd.. 36 i
St Louis, Southwestern 14 j
100 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 33%
9.660 St Paul i-M
250 St Paul prefd no '
St Paul and Omaha 120
14.920 Southern Pacific 37%
200 Southern Railway uu j
LSOO Southern Railway prefd 51% i
450 Texas and Pacific 18% 1
4.425 Union Pacific 42^ \
4.044 Union Pacific prefd 7",&. i
Wabash -;
ICO Wabash prefd 2m !
l.jwi Wheeling and L E 11% I
1.000 Wheeling and L E second pred '. 3i>'' j
655 Wisconsin Central it-"* |
P. C. C. & St. L .". 74 •'* i
Express Companies—
Adams 114
433 American ...!149
United States 50
Wells Fargo 13.
Miscellaneous —
330 American Cotton Oil 42%
American Cotton Oil prefd ... 94
American Malting 1514
American Malting prefd 66
2"2 American Smelting a.- Refining 38% '
600 American Smelting & Ref. prefd 85% I
American Spirits :,
American Spirits prefd 2:
1.900 American Steel Hoop 42V;
FSO American Steel Hoop prefd 83%
6.4W American Steel & Wire 45%
500 American Steel & Wire prefd M ■
950 American Tin Plate 87%
100 American Tin Plate prefd 85
22,145 American Tobacco 121%
100 American Tobacco prefd 145 1
5,050 Anaconda Mining Co 4914 I
22.K60 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 59% I
3.200 Colorado FUel and Iron 54%
5.060 Continental Tobacco 42%
1,250 Continental Tobacco prefd 92%
8.615 Federal Steel 53%
2.100 Federal Steel prefd 77%
900 General Electric 117%
426 Glucose Sugar 61%
Glucose Sugar prefd 105%
3 r >o International Paper 26%
225 International Paper prefd 73
200 Laclede Gas 6." !
150 National Biscuit 47%
National Biscuit prefd 97%
National Ix-ad 28%
100 National Lead prefd 109%
1,010 National Steel 50%
230 National Steel prefd 95% ;
New York Air Brake 160
4.(00 North American 13
100 Pacific Coast 47
Pacific Coast let prefd 82
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
98S Pacific Mail 39%
6.E55 People's Gas 103%
ICO Pressed Steel Car 55%
415 Pressed SteeP Car prefd 88
905 Pullman Palace Car 186
Standard Rope & Twine 6%
28,540 Sugar 141%
Sugar prefd 115
7,660 Tennessee Coal & Iron 115%
10.350 United States leather 13 j
8.vr.0 United States Leather prefd 77 '
1.475 United States Rubber 47% j
115 United States Rubber prefd 114
700 Western Union 87%
Republic Iron & Steel 26%
300 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 71
277.800 total sales.
CLOSING BONDS.
T; S2s reg 100 M X & T 2dF 63%
Do 3s reg 107%! Do 4s 93
Do 3s coup 108% N V C lsts 111%
Do new 4s reg.... 123% N J C gen 5s 119
Do new 4s c0up..12:i% N Carolina 6b 127
Do old 4s reg 11l ' Do 4s 104
Do old 4s c0up. ..112 IN Pacific lsts 113
Do 5s reg 111% Do 3s 65
Do Si coupon 111% Do 4s 101%
Dlst of Col 3.655.. .117 N V <" & St L 4s. 100
Ala class A 1094 N & W con 4s 91%
Do class B 108 ! Do gen 6s 135 -
Do class <' 103 Or Nay lsts 115
Do currency 100 I Do 4s 102%
Atch gen 4s 99%. Dr Short Line 65.. 126
Do adj 4s 86% Do con 5s 113%
Can So 2ds 109 Reading gen 4s S6 I
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 95% R G W Ists 97% 1
Do 5s 117% St I, & I M con Es.llo
Chi & N con 75. ...145 St 1.. & S P gen 65. 124%
Do S F deb 55. ..110 St Paul cons 175
Chi Term 4s 95 St PC& P 15t5.. ..120
li & R 0 lsts 103 I Do Be 120
Do 4s 99%;50 Railway f.s 108%,
: E T V & G lsts.».lo2VStand R & T 65... 82
Erie gen 4s 71 Term new set 35... 97 -
F V.' &D C lats... 77 Tex & Pac lsts 113
Gen Elec os 116 Do Ml 56
GHAS A6s 108 D Pacific 4s 103%
Do 2dß 108 Wabash lats 115
H & T C 5s 110%! Do 2ds 100
Do con 6s 105 IWest Shore 4s 112%
lowa Cen lsts 113 Wls Central Ists... 76
K<'P * G lsts.... 72 Va centuries 85%
La new con 4s 95 ! Do deferred 5
L & N unl 4s 89 'Colo &So 4s 85
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar , 25 Ontario 775
Crown Point 15,C>phir so
Con Cal & Va...... 1 40 Plymouth OS
Peadwood 75 j Quicksilver 1 50
Gould ,<• Curry 37 Quicksilver prefd .. 7 (V)
Hale & Norcrosa... 25 ■ Sierra Nevada .... 63 I
Home«take 65 00 Standard 3 On |
Iron Silver 53;Unlcn Con 33
Mexican 32 Yellow Jacket 35 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Weal End prefd.. ..114
Call loans 596 Westihghouse El. 47
Time loans 5<&G Wisconsin Central. 16V
Stocks— Bonds—
! A T& S F ........ 20 Atchlson 4s 99
AT& S F prefd.. 82% Mining Shares-
American Sugar . .Hi 1 * Adventure 7
Am Sugar prefd. -.117 Allouez Mm C 0... 5%
Bell Telephone ....382 Atlantic 25%
Boston & Albany.. 24B Boston & Mont 340'
Boston Elevated.. . lo6% Butte & Boston . ' 77
Boston & Maine.. ..200 Calumet & Hecla, 790
El Klec II! 20S [Centennial . -■■-,
General Electric. I Franklin .... 17-?
Gen Electric prefd.l39 Humboldt .. " \4
Federal Steel 53%Osceola .'.'.'" S4
Fed Steel prefd.... 77% Parrot ... " 4714 '
Mexican Central... 13% Quincy ' V.5
Old Colony tot Santa Fe Copper" 12%
Old Dominion .... 32 (Tamarack 220
Rubber 47% :"-'|nona .•!!..." 8
Union Pacific .... 43 Wolverines 40
.Union Land • 5% Utah ' 88
West End 03141
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, OCTOBER (>, 1899.
New York Money Market.
i NEW YORK, Oct. Money on call, firm
at 453 per cent: last loan, 4 per cent. Prime
I mercantile paper. 5%©6 per cent. Sterling ex
-1 ■ change, firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 85%®4 85% for demand and $4 SO%SI
4 Sl% for sixty days. Posted rates, J4 Sl'ifT
453 and $4 86%. Commercial Dills. $4 BO@4 80%.
Sliver certificates, 59% c. Bar silver. .■"'.■
Mexican dollars, 47c. Government bonds,
weak; State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds,
firm.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. s.— To-day's statement
■ of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
■ able cash balance, 477,293; gold reserve,
$255,427,193.
London Market. "
NEW YORK, Oct. The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
! The advance In the bank rate to 5 per cent 1
'< caused little surprise on the Stock Exchange
1 here to-day, owing to the high rate yesterday.
Bank of England returns show that the re
: serve has been reduced £250,000, pulling down j
the ratio of reserve liabilities to 25 per cent. [
' That was due partly to the demand for money |
i at the turn of the quarter year, but £250.000 |
worth of gold is expected to be sent to the ;
i Cape to-morrow.
The market was erratic. An invasion or
Natal by the Boers was reported, but that
proved to be a signal for free buying of Afrl
i cans The large capitalists steadied all de
partments. The present Interval of peace is
regarded only as a postponement of war. The
rise In the bank rate had little effect. Bears
were active in closing accounts.
' Consols opened at l r '2"i and went to 103%.
i then relapsed to 103. On the rise in the bank
I rat.> they closed at 103%. Americans opened at
' parky relapsed '* f% on the bank's action,
rallied on receipt of New York prices and
closed firm. Spanish 4's, 60%. Anacondas
were 10% Th- gold bought by the bank
amounted to £163.000 in bars and £20,000 in
French coins. All gold arrivals are now en- ;
j tering the Lank at Bd.
- There was less demand for money. The
banks did a fair business at 6 per cent. The
I Austro-Hungarian and Bombay banks raised
I their rates from 5 per cent to 6 per cent.
i CLOSING.
I LONDON Oct. s.— Canadian Pacific, 91%;
Union Pacific preferred. 77%; Northern Pa- ■
cine preferred. 76%: Atchison. 20%; Grand j
Trunk. 10%; Anaconda, 10%: bar silver dull,
26% d per ounce; money, 4ii4 1 2 per cent.
Bradstreet's on Trade Condition
NEW YORK, Oct. s.— ■Bradßtreet's will say
next Saturday: September bank clearings re
turns confirm early advices from the main
• of tlic- country's gt-n>ral trad" nnd pro
ngly large volume.
hen It la recalled that owing to holiday ob
ng i Itlea the number of busl
■, mber war. the sms
■ ruary. the facts that i:
at seventy-six cities i
, were larger than I
igust and nearly as heavy as th
July are evidence in the absence of any par
ticular activity in st ck or other speculation of
I ime of biisi:.-s ■ which was
As Illustrative of the gr*-at advance in
business in this year over preceding years, the
rings returns are I
The t. tal clearings for nine months
this ■■ ■ a sum greater than the en
tire ! x - total, though there are three months
yet ; re the year is complete. In
: - the annual report of Manager
• • New v rk Clearing-house, shows
ale clearings in the year
ending with September were the heaviest ever
. by nearly nine billion dollars
the n rd tot of LBBB, and this, too, In the
■ ■ is than ever ■
New v..rk City bank • present
specula ■ • -. and "ti the contrary
mi !■■' accurately represent legitimate business
transactions than any preceding period.
The aggregate clearings at seventy-six cities
: i the month of September was $7,012,898,221, v
n.nn of nearly 2 per cent over Aiißust. of 28.6
i over Be] tember a year ago and of '.'
■ 1897, while they are slightly more
than • - I near
ly i; per cent In excess of those of September,
As indicative of the fact that expansion
In the country's business is of a particularly
neral character, it is further to be
that the gain In clearings ai
• New York is almost identical with th.;
pain at all cltie?. Gains by groups of
for September are mor- pron lunced than were
! A>iK-.;Pt, owing mainly, however, to
year, having shown a dn p
from th» t ital in August, whereas this year a
irred. The heaviest Kain
by a:;y gn . that from thi tar Western
cities, 40 per cent. The small) si gain of any
pmui. '.is reported by the South
rn cities. Here again the evenness of the
trade development the i tintry over is Ulus
by the fact that five groups of cities
Ehow pains within a comparatively narrow
range of 24 to :'i per cent.
V,r the nine months, as already remarked,
the cl tarings ar- very large, ex< ims, in
the ajrsrregiito of the entire year
which Is the heaviest there is any record of.
mpared with the nine months n-turns of
1838 this year's r-turns show a Rain of 41 per
cent, are 72 per cent larger than those of 1897,
are 111 per cent heavier than In 1894 and 53.6
per cent heavier than in
New York Grain and Produce.
| NEW YORK, Oct. B.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,545 barrels; exports, 4024. Firm, but only
moderately active.
WHEAT— Receipts, 193,325 bushels; exports,
106,136. Spot, firm. No 2 red, 77% cf. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 81% Cf. o. b.
: to arrive, new; No. 1 hard Duluth, 83% cto ar
rive; No. 2 red, 75% c elevator.
Options opened steady at %c advance on
higher cables and further advanced Vie on
: covering, following disappointing Northwest
receipts. Later the market turned easy under
realizing operations following weak advices
I from Chicago, disappointing as to the magni
tude of the purchases by exporters. Just be
fore the close the market rallied a little from
the low point on covering by local shorts and
was about steady In tone at a net gain of
%lt'2C. May, 80 11-160S1 3-16 c, closed So%c; De
cember closed 77% c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
METALS— The day paßsed very quietly in the
market for metals. The only change of Im
portance was in spelter, which advanced five
points on firmer reports from the other Bide.
Tin was nominally easier owing to lower bids.
There were no sellers in evidence. Iron, cop
per and lead continued dull and nominally un
changed. At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PtGlßON— Warrants, dull and nominal, at
$18.
LAKE COPPER— DuII, at $18 50.
TlN— Very quiet, with 32c bid.
LEAD— Quiet. $4 60 bid and $4 65 asked. The
brokers' price for lead is $4 40 and for copper
$18 37'4fns r.0..
SPELTER— with $5 50 bid and $5 £5
ask'
COFFEE— Options closed steady, 5 to 10
points higher net. Sales, 12,000 bogs, includ
ing: November, $4 2." 'a 4 40; February, $4 75;
March, $4 BO@4 86; May,- $4 95: July. $5 05; .Sep
tember, $5 10. Spot coffee— Rio, steadier but
not quotably higher; mild, steady.
SUGAR— Raw, dull, weak and nominal; re
fined, dull and weak.
BUTTER— 4566 packages. Firm;
Western creamery, 19@21c; June, ]&''?22c; fac
tory. 14^16%. »;.
EGGS— Receipts, 805G packages. Firm;
Western ungraded at mnrk, 14^18c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Oct. s.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7%e;
prime wire tray, 7%@8%c; choice, B%©9c;
fancy, 9@9%c.
PRUNES— 3%©Be.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12@14c; Moorpark, 14@
i 16c.
I PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7%®9c new.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 5.-Wheat at the opening was
firm and nervously active, with the price over
calif. The Initial price for December was 73»i
®73% c, v* over yesterday*! close. Liverpool,
the Index of the war situation, failed to hold
early cains, however, and the price slid off
later under calls to December 7" : \ with the
market less active. Karly buyers were sellers
on the decline. The tendency to liquidate was
checked In a degree by the smaller receipts at
primary points, and the growing belief that
winter wheat supplies are becoming exhausted
Clearances were lar^-e, this fact cxertlnK an
influence which later advanced the price of
December to 73V&C, at which figure It closed.
May wheat opened at 76%@76%c, and closed at
76%@7€%c. The market was at times quite
rervous over a. comparatively, narrow range.
The sharp advance at Liverpool and the sud
den reaction In that market indicated a feel-,
ing of uncertainty in the minds of English
traders over the Transvaal situation that made
local shorts uneasy and caused considerable
buying by that class of traders. The demand
from this source was a factor in the late
fctrength of the market.
Trading in corn was dull. The market in
general was steady in sympathy with wheat.
Big seaboard engagements had some influ
ence. December closed unchanged at 20% C.
Oatr were quiet and unchanged, influenced
j by wheat. There was a large cash demand for
May at 24Vic. December closed a shade lower
at Z2Tsc.
Provisions were rather heavy and the close
■was at a slisht decline. January pork closed
2%c lower at $9 72% ; January lard" J%o§c lower,
and January ribs a shade lower than yester
day, at $5 07%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 71% 71% 71% ' 71%
December 73% 7374 73 1 73%
i May 76% 76% 76% 76%
> Corn No. —
i October 314 31% 31% 31 »4
December 30% 30% 30% 30%
May 31% 31% 31% 31%
; Oats No. 2—
December 23% 23% 22% 23
I May 24% 24% 24% 24%
Mess pork, per barrel-
October 8 10
December 8 32% X 32% 825 8 27%
January 975 975 9 72% 9 72%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
October 5 87% 5 l"i% 5 37% 5 37%
December 5 45" 545 540 .' 42%
January 5 62% 5 62% 555 565
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
October 5 12% 5 12% 510 510
January 510 6 12% 5 07% 5 07%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 66<7T71e: No. 2
red, 7.t%ff173%c: No. 2 corn, 51%@31%: No. 2
oats. 22'.t'Q23e: No. 2 white, 25 % c; No. 3 white,
24%<?i}25%c; No. 2 rye 87©58 c; No. 2 barley,
! 32%@46c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 IS; Northwestern,
I $1 IS prime timothy, $2 35: mess pork, per bar
rel, $7 65@S 15: lard, per 100 pounds, $5 30®5 50:
i short ribs sides (loose), $4 95®5 30; dry salted
I shoulders (boxed) 6%@6^4c; short clear sides
1 (boxed), $5 60<K5 CO: whisky, distillers' finished
i goods, per gallon, $1 22.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,000 S.OOO
Wheat, bushels 161000 6.000
Corn, bushels 789.000 443,000
Oats, bushels 289.000 313.000
Rye. bushels 13,000 2.000
, Barley, bushels 162.000 22.105
On the Produce Exchange to-day the but
ter market was firm: creamery, lt')f?23e; dairy,
, 14f?19c. Cheese, firm; HVi@l2c. Eggs, firm,
16% c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
I Opening 6 2 6 3% 6 4%
■ Closing 6 1% 6 3% 6 4
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 19 00 24 90
Closing IS 95 24 70
! Flour-
Opening 26 00 25 90
: Closing
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO. Oct. s.— Porter Bros.' Company
Bales of California fruit to-day: Peaches-
Sal way. Jl 20@l 40 box. Pears— Bartletts, $1 75
@i 2 2." box and 75c@?l 2G half box. Grapes—
Ti kay. 75c®$l 10 half crate and $1 75 double
crate; Muscats, f.^TOc: half crates; Cornlchons.
$1 4": Morocco, $1 1091 16; Emperor, 70c.
LONDON, Oct. s.— Porter BroB." Company
sales of California fruit to-day: Pears— Doy ,:u
comire $1 92@2 U half box; Glout Moroeau,
$1 92: Seckels, $1 92: Duchess. $1 98. Plums-
Late Red. $1 68@2 40 halt crates. Prunes-
Silver, $1 SO half crate.
NEW YORK,. Oct. B.— Porter Bros.' Company
Bales of California fmit. . Grapes— Tokay, 75c@
$145 half crate; Muscat. 80c@J2 15; Morocco,
$170; assorted, $1 25@1 60. Pears— Bar!
J2 70^3 36 h<>x an<l $1 70 half box; Seckela,
i 60 box and $I@l 35 half box. Peaches—
: SO box. Eight cars sold to
day.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Oct. s.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day amounted to 11,506 bales.
Fine merinos and the finest grades of cross
bred? were firm. There was spirited bidding
for this stock and the home trade secured
the bulk. Medium was steady and was taken
occasionally by American representatives who
have purchased up to to-day about 4000 bales.
Coarser grades were largely withdrawn.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. s.— Demand for cattle to-day
■was fairly active and practically unchanged
prices prevailed. Good to choice beeves sold
at $5 90@7; commoner lots, $4 50@5 85; stockers
and feeders, $3®4 90; bulls, cows and heifers,
$2<7?;> 25; Texas steers. $3 2<'''§'4 30; rangers, $2 S3
(go 10, and calves, $4@6 90.
HOGS— Prices averaged about Ec lower.
Heavy. $4-54 65; mixed, $4 30@4 70. and light.
$4 40./4 75. Pigs. $4@4 76; culls, $1 50<§3 95.
SHEEP— Trade in sheep and lambs was dull.
the supply being too large for demand and
prices declined somewhat in consequence. Sheep
ranged $1 90@4 10 for inferior to choice. West
erns soiling at $3 50404. Lambs sold at $5 10@
5 25 for fancy flocks, ordinary grades being
$3 "'';"; Western range lambs. $4 sC^g-5.
Receipts— Cattle, 11,500; hogs, 25,000; sheep,
12,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. — Exchanges, 1372,
--937; balances, $73,577.
- ...
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. s.— High freights and a
scarcity of ships are holding back the Portland
market, but 60c -was paid for Walla Walla to
day, and a choice article of Valley could be had
at the same figures. There la much poor stock
offered and the prices run down to 50c and
lower.
Cleared— German ship Neck, for Dublin, 150.
--215 bushels barley; British bark Macduff, Algoa
Bay. 26.150 bushels wheat and 11,556 bushels of
flour.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland
for the week ending to-day were 78,162 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. The wheat market showed
a falling off to-day In sympathy with English
conditions. Dealers treat the war scare lightly
and are making no attempt to lay In stocks.
Fancy prices are still paid by millers. Export
quotations, club, 69c; hluestem, 61c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. s.— Consols, 107%; silver. 2fi%d:
French rentes, lOOf 62% c; wheat cargoes off
coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, less offering; English country mar
kets, firm.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. s.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. 6s 3%d; wheat in Paris,
■weak: flour In Paris, weak.
' COTTON— 3s 31-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter, j
firm, C? 2d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 4%d.
Futures— Dull, December, 6s l%d; March, 6s
3%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, firm, 3s
B%d; old. firm, 3s B%d. Futures— Quiet; Octo
ber. 3s B%d; November, 3s 7%d; December, 3s
7%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 S3
Sterling Exchange, sight — 487 I
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 12V&
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars 48 48%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 07% :
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Futures recovered some of the lost
ground yesterday, hut spot prices were easy
with a dull market.
Chicago opened firmer on better foreign ad- i
vices and war news, which gave the market ;
a nervous undertone, but the feeling became ;
weaker on small business and a disposition on j
the port of dealers to Ignore war cables, which ;
have generally ended in smoke thus far. Liv
erpool was VI higher, and cargoes were strong ;
on the London market. Consols were %d lower, i
and the Hank of England advanced Its rate
of discount to 6 per cent. Rumors of hostili- ;
ties were not confirmed. Chicago dealers fought
the advance, but New York continued strong,
foreign acceptances were liberal and there was i
very little Wheat offering, though thirty-seven
loads were taken for export. A weaker Liver
pool closing caused a decline and dealers were
very bearish and short.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 07*4@l 08%; milling,
$1 12%«6pi 16.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l6 — Decrjnber —
10.000 ctlP, $133%; 6000,. $113%. May— Sooo,
$1 19%; COOO, $1 19%.
Second December— l2,ooo ctls, 13%; j
6000. n 13^; 10.000. 13%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 4ooo ctls,
$119%; 14.1)00, $119%. December— l2.ooo, $113%;
22,000, $1 14.
Afternoon Session— December — 6000 ctls,
$1 14'n: 4000, $1 141*. May— 6ooo, $1 lft^.
BARLEY — The market is neglected, both on
and off call, and but few sales are being made.
Feed, 75<gS3%e; Brewing. 90i@97^,c; Chevalier,
nominal.
CALL, BOARD SALKS.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sal^s*.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99. new— 2ooo ctls,
85c.
OATS— There i* a better demand for white,
which are in Hghtrr supply, but prices show
no improvement. The other descriptions are
quiet ami (Inn. White M 05@l 22 1 -; lied, $1 05
@1 15: Black. 92»..c*m 02'^.
CORN •Eastern large Yellow. $105; White and
mixed. $1 02' 'n\ 06 per ctl.
KYK- >>'.) :>."„• p,-r ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4003 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 4<i<f?3 50 per barrel for ex
tra. $3 25@3 40 for bakers, and $2 2S@3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Fl.iur. »3 2.". p.-r 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50: Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. J2 50: ex
tra Cream Cornmoal, $"25; Oatmeal. $4 50114 75:
Oat Groats, $4 7.V Hominy. $3 25W3 50; Burk
whoat Flour. $4^4 25; CracKed Wheat $3 78;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barr-!s), $8 66@G9E; In 6acks, $G 35(s!<> 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay continue altogether too large
for the demand, and the market is consequent
ly duM and weak. There is no further change
in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— SI 6 50@17 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50i@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTrFFS— RoIIed Barley, $17 50@18 per
ton: Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $28©27; Jobbing.
$27 50<2j2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Cornmeal,
$23 Do<&24 60: Cracked Corn. $24#25; Mixed Feed,
JIBSI6 50; Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton.
HAT— Wheat, $7STS 50 for common to good
and $9159 2." for choice; Wheat and Oat. $6«?> I
8 60: Oat, $6<gS; Barley, $ii@7; Island Barley. <
15©6 50; Alfalfa, $5@7 per ton; Compressed, |
$6 50ff9.
STKAW— 2S@3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Pink Beans continue to decline, but most of
the other descriptions are firm.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 80@l 90; small -white,
$2 10@2 20; Large White. $1 80@l 90; Pinks. $1 90 j
©2 05; Red* $3 75@4; Blackeye, $3 15 3 30; But
ters, nominal; LJmas, $4 25@4 35; Pea, $2 10@
2 30: Red Kidneys. $2 25(g2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 2>4<33e; Yellow
Mustard. 3%@4c; Flax, nominal: Canary,
3'-4c per Ib for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 2%®3c; Hemp, 4@4Vac;
Timothy, 4s/4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60<jfl 65; Green, $1 75
@1 90 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables. ]
Potatoes and Onions continue quiet at about
previous quotations. In Vegetables there Is
nothing new worthy of remark, supplies being
ample for all current needs.
POTATOES— River Keels. 60@70c: Early Rose,
406 50 c; Burbankß, 45*5 70 c per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks, 90e<Stl 10: Sweet Potatoes. JKSI 25 for
Rivers and $1 ."ifl for Merced.
ONIONS— 6SO7Oc per ctl: Pickle Onions, Eo@
75c per ctl.
YIMKT ABIDES— Green Peas, 2 ( B2 1 -i ! c per lb:
String Beans, l@2c; I-lma Beans. I%@2c;
Cabbage, 40@S0e; Hiver Tomatoes, 10'alSe: Aia
meda Tomatoes. ir><g2."c; Egg Plant, 4nTio"c;
Green Okra. 50(?6Sc per box; Dried Okra. 12V*c
per lb; Gar'.'r, 2<&3c; Green Peppers. ?,\>fti,t>c for
chill am! 40©50 c per box for Bell: Carrots 301?
40c per sack; Bay Cucumbers, 30<a3. r >c; Pickles,
$1 B0 ncr otl for No. 1 and 50c for No. 2: Sum
mer Squash. 4<V: Marro*"fat Squash, {.'"ffT 50
P«->r ton: Oreen Corn, T'iCoJI per crate and S6Q
We per sack.
Poultry and Game.
Th» hot weather is still operating against
Game, which Is arriving In poor condition.
Supplies of Poultry are sufficient without be
ing excessive, and prices are steady as a rule.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15®lKc for Gob
lers and ir>@l6c for Hens: Young Turkeys, l~<!$
18c: Geese, per pair. $1 751T2; Goslings, $1 75<S'2;
Ducks, %\o<~< ■- "i' : and $4 5096 for youne;
Hens, $4^3 50; Young Roosters, $4 s<Kia;
Old Roosters, $4 60@5; Fryers, $4: Broilers,
<:; 23f>3 CO for large, $3«53 25 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25(?i '1 50 per dozen for old and J2@2 25 for
i * "o'm'e- Quail. ?125(f?150: Mallard, J4«j6:
Sprig, IS 60@3 SO; Teal, (17592: Widgeon, $2;
■ Small Duck, fl 50; Doves, 50@GOc per dozen:
Hiiro $1 25: Rabbits. $150 for Cottontails and
fl for small; Gray Geese. J2fi2sn: White. Ji 25;
English Snipe, $150 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1-
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The quotation of nnp for Kpets yesterday was
such a palpable error of the types that it
is hardly necessary to explain It. The Eep
market continues firm with decreasing sup
plies, and quotations for Eastern have again
been advanced.
There is no further advance in Butter, owing
to the liberal receipts of Wednesday. Cheese
■nains the same.
BUTTEK—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 26^27c; seconds,
24<ff25c. ',
Dairy— 23'f?24c; good to choice, 21®
■ 22c; store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 21M,fT224c; firkin, 21©21V4c;
creamery tub, 22%<f23V»c per lb.
Eastern, it-" for ladle packed.
CHEESE mild new, lie; old, 10??
1i.;...-; Young America, llgrllHc; Eastern, 14@
15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 22%<??27V4e for store and 30®
35c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 25<f?27%c for
selected, 23@24c for No. 1 and 20(f 22^ic for sec- .
onds, jf. _jl_i_
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The firmness In Wine Grapes continues and
sales are mad" at top quotations without diffi
culty. Supplies of table Grapes are only fair,
and prices are steady.
Melons nre doing better. There Is no change
In Berries.
The market Is still practically bare of Mexi
can Limes.
Tree fruits are in fair supply at unchanged
quotations.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 86®80c per box for common and 75c
@$1 for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $4 per chest: Straw
berries, |7®B per chest for small and $1 50@3 50
for large berries: Raspberries, {304 per
chest; Huckleberries, s©Tc per lb; Wisconsin
Cranl>erries, {6 50 per bbl: Cape Cod Cranber
ries . 18.
Grapes. 2o<ff4oc for Black, 30@40c for Muscat,
35®80c for Tokay, 4M850c f*r Cornichon; crates
sell 10©15 c higher: Wine Grapes, $22@25 per ton
for Zlnfandel. $20@23 for other black and |15@
20 for White.
Watermelons, $S@ls per 100.
Cantaloupes, 75e(g$l 25 per crate; Nutmegs, 25
©75c per box.
Pomegranates— 35®50c per box.
Pears, Rartlett. Jl 50@l 75 per box; Winter
Pears, W®76c per box.
Flrs, 3fl(f;soc per box for double layers of
black; white are nominal.
Peaches, SfvaJl per box.
Plums and Prunes, 30c©$l per box and
crate. .-;.■■>■.. *
Quinces, 40<I?.*ftc per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — 1/emons, tl@2 for com
mon and $3(5>4 for eood to choice; Mexican
Limes, i>('.i'J- California Limes. $I@l 50; Ba
nanas. SI Bo®2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, Jl@
2 50 Der dozen. • •
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Prunes continue on the same dead level.
I They are selling right along at the stereotyped
s quotatlonos, and are neither firm nor weak.
The market for everything else, except possibly
Apples, is firm, and in the case of Peaches,
Pears and Raisins, stiff. There Is also a
Strong tone to Nuts.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 6'jc for
40-50' s, 4 Vie for 50-60' s, 3%c for 60-70' s,
3>.ic for 70-SO'b, 3fu3'/f,c for SO-90's and
2' ~<«2 : >*c for . 90-100' Apricots, 10@llc for
Royals, 14®16c for Moorparks and 12®
12 l ,£c for Blenheims; Peaches, s@6c for Stand
ards, Wale for choice and 7*»:<SSc for fancy;
peeled Peaches, ll@12c; Evaporated Appies, ti
<H6\ic; Sun-dried. 4Sisc per lb; Nectarines, 7V«
toe" per lb for red and K@9c for white; Fears?
C®"c for quarters and "Vi@9c for halves; Black
Figs, 3c; White Figs, 6@6Hc; Plums, 5%@6c for
dark and 7(g7 1 .4c for bleached.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, Sc; prime. 60; un
bleached Thompson's, per Ib, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, sv.c; choice,- 7"4 c; standard, 6^c;
prime, Be; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
00- boxes, sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5%c;
3-crown. Cc; 4 -crown. 6V4c; London Layers, 2
crown, $150 per box; 3-crown, $160. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Deheaa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Walnuts, SUe for standards and S74c
for softshell ; Almonds. lOHfffllVfcc for paper-
Bhell, MWc for soft and 406 c for hardshell;
Peanut?. 5%@6%c for Eastern and Be for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts, SViSSc; Filberts, llOUUc;
Pecans, 7 1 / 4@Sc; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll^c lor bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7Vi@7^c;
light amber extracted, 6Ms@7c; dark, 5%c per
lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per 1b for heavy,
9%©10 c for light medium, HHc for light, 13c for
extra light and Uhic for sugar-cured: Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13% c; California Hams. 13c;
Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra Mess. Jl2 B0; Fam
ily, $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear,
$16 50: mess. $15@15 30: Smoked Beef, 12c per lb
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6<3C4c per lb ror
compound and ~yic for pure: half barrels, pure,
8c- 10-lb tins, S-T4c; 5-lb tins, S>c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 63i@7V4c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The English Hop crop Is reported damaged,
as will be seen in the first column.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lipiHic: medium. IOV4e; light. 10c; Cow
hides 9»,4@10c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c: Calf.
10c- Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands,
13c' Dry Kip and Veal, 16c: Dry Calf, 17c;
Sheenskins yearling?. " 20@30c each; short
WoTSc Jach medium. 70®90c; lon* Wool
90c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $2*2 2d for
large and $1 25©1 50 for small .Colts. 2 o J oe.
TALLOW-No. 1 rendered. 4*4@sc per lb; No.
2^t% 4 ol^^ pring dt c7l • grease, cSn. 17018 c;
WOOI «nrine 12®14c for choice and 17@18c;
East°n^gon B 12®Hc for choice and mw.c
f0 Fan cm.- O S U a 1 n Joaquln Lamb*., S@loc: do
plains. 7«Rc; San Joaquln and Southern Moun
tain, 7%rg9c; Northern free, »<811c; do. defect
ive, 7H<sloc per lb.
HOPS— at 10@12c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
BEEF--7@7%c per '*> or Steers and •.-...■.
for Cows.
VEAL— per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes, 6V6@'C
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. B@B>4c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogp. si,i#s%c for small. 5%c for
medium and s^@s>4c for large: stock hogs and
Feeders, CV*@s^c; dressed Hogs, 7<§>SVic.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7Vic; Wool
Bags. 2Cf;2Sc; Fruit Bags. 5»/4c, 5%c and
6c for three grades of white and 7@7%c for
bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton: New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle. 16;
Bryant, 16; Coos Bay, 15; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $S; Cumberland, $9 50 in bulk and $10 75
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $12;
Cannel. $S p*>r ton: Rock Spring? and Castle
Gate, $9 CO; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany Quotas. tP'-m« n«>t ca«h In l(W-lh hairs:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5-%e; Pow
dered, ?>\c; Candy Granulated. 6c; Dry Granu
lated. 4?',e; Confectioners' A, 4%c: California
A. — ; Magnolia A. 4M;c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden
C, 4V t c; barrels, l-16c more: half barrels, Y e ■
more; boxes. 'Ac more; 50-lb bags, %c more, j
No order taken for less than 7» barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes. '
5%c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, OCTOBER 5.
Flour, qr sks 8. 066 1 Wool, bales 392
Wheat, ctls 340! Raisins, bxs 62
Barley, ctls 11, 230] Quicksilver, risks. 11
Oats, ctls 4,biU Hides, No 75
Butter, ctls 13!) ' Pelts, bdls 90
Cheese, -'tis 43 Hides, No 232
Beans, sks ....... 3,680 Lime, bbls ... IS2
Potatoes, sks 2,630 Eggs, doz 5,430
Onions, sks 500 Raisins, hxs 1,600
Bran, sks 105 Wine, gals 30, C00
Middlings, sks .. 390 Sugar, bbls 1.140
Shorts, sks 50 Sugar, sks 2.050
Hay, tone 1,06."; j Quicksilver, risks. 89
Hops, bales 179 1 Leather, rolls 92
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 2,15»! Bran, sks 40
Oats, ctls 490 Wool, bales 6
WASHINGTON.
. Flour, qr ska 9,070 Bran, sks .. 130
Wheat, ctls 970 Flaxseed, sks .... 515
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities -were active on the morninz ses
sion, but quotations showed no changes worthy
of note. The same state of affairs continued
In the afternoon.
The usual apathy characterized mining stocks
and quotations snowed no particular change.
The telegram from the pump said: "No. 2 ele
vator ran 17 hours and 35 minutes. At G:3O
this morning the water was 32 feet 2 inches be
low the 1950-foot level station."
The Hale & Noreross Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 10 cents per share, de
linquent November 7.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, October 5—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. | Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co.. 15 15%
Is quar coup.. — — OGL.&H — — 50
4s quar reg.... — — i Pac Gas Imp.. 65 —
4s quar new... — 13114 1 Pac L. Co 41 41V.
3s quar c0up.. 106% — SF G & E.... 64% 63%
Miscellaneous— San Fran .. — 3%
Cal-st Cab 05.116% — Stockton Uas.. 12 —
C C Wat 65. .108 l ?'ii Insurance-
Ed L & P 63.130 — Firem's Fund. 22s ! —
F & Cl Ry 65. 114 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Anglo-Cal — 70
H C & S 5%5.106 — ißank of Ca1...37S 400
V A Ry 88....106H— Cal S. E4: T.. — 98
LAL Co 65.. 99 — First Nation!.. — 245
D gntd 68.. 99 — Lon P & A....125% —
Do gntd 65.. — — Mer Exchange — 16
L A & P R 55. 103 — Nev Nat 8k..154 —
Market-st 6s. .125%129 ' Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 55. 115 — Ger S & L...1650 —
NC N Q R 75.112 — ! Hum S. & L..1050 1160
NR of Cal 6s. 114 — Mm Say 8k... — 42%
N Rof Cal ss. 112% — iS F Say. U....500 —
NPC R R 6s. 105 10S i Say & L 50... — 52%
NPC R R 55. 107 — Sec Say 8k... — 310
N Cai R H 5*. 11 l — Union T C 0.1400 1440
0 G L & H Ss.lOS% — Street Railroads-
Oak Trans tis.lll 112 California ....120 —
1 iii C Ry i;.-.. — — Geary 50 —
P&CI Ry 65. 107 110 Market-st 64 64%
Ik &<> Ry 68.115 — Oak SL,& H. — 5U
Powell-st R6s. — 121% Presidio 21% —
bac El G&K5s. — — Powder—
S F & N 1' 55. 113% — ; California ....150 165
SR & S JV55.H4%115 E Dynamite ..So —
t5 Ry of Cal 6s.ius% — | Giant Con Co. 7754 > : 4
Pof A C 5.... — 113% Vigorit 2' 2 2%
S P C 905). — — j Sugar—
SP C 65(1906). — — Hana p C 0.... 14 14%
S P C 65(1912). — 118 I Haw C & S C 96 —
spCls eg ss. 102% — Honokaa S Co 34% 85%
R P Br 6s 122',i122% Hutch S P Co. 30V4 30%
S V Wat 65... 114 114% Kiiauea & Co.. — 30
S V W .103% - Makawell SC. — 49%
8 V W 45(3dm)101% — | Onomea S Co. 37% —
Stktn Gas 65.. — 110 Paauhau S Co 36 37
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 6S^i 70 Al Pack Assn.ll7\l l* : i
Minn County. 50 — ) Mer Ex Assn.. — !■■"
Spring Valley.loo%lol | Oceanic S Co.. 55% S3
" lias and Electric- Pac A F A.... 1% -
Central Gas Co - — i Pac C Bor C 0.140 —
Cent L & P... 5 — i Par Paint Co. 6% —
Eqult G L Co. 5% 5%
Morning Session.
Board— „ ..
10 Contra Costa Water 68 50
40 Contra Costa Water 68 3,%
60 Contra Costa "Water..... 68 2o
200 Giant Powder Con. a 30.. (S 00
5 Hana Plantation Co, cash 14 12%
15 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 96 50
5 Hutchinson S P Co 30 »0
150 Hon. : • »* '•?
10 Market Street Railway 64 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 36 62%
75 Paauhau S P Co 36 aO
30 S F Gaslight 3 50
25 S V Water WO 50
23 S V Water, cash 100 "
$500 U S 3s 108 50
Street—
100 Hutchinson S P Co 30 25
$1000 S P Branch Ry 6s 122 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Alaska Packers' Assn IIS 00
75 Contra Costa Water 68 25
20 Equitable Gas 5 75
50 Giant Powder Con 78 00
296 liana Plantation Co 14 12%
40 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 96 00
50 Honokaa S Co 34 75
$5000 Oakland Gas Bonds 10S 7".
25 Onomea Sugar Co 38 25
5 Onomea Sugar Co 3S 37%
75 Onomea Sugar Co 3S 00
25 Onomea Sugar Co 37 75
1000 S F Gaslight ■ 3 50
$10,000 U S 4s coup old 11l 874
25 Vtgorlt Powder 2 62%
Street—
15 Contra Cdsta Water, cash 68 25
125 Honokaa Sugar Co 34 75 |
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE !
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Contra Costa Water 68 00 I
30 Contra Costa Water 68 12%
150 Equitable Gas 6 12% I
20 Hana Plantation 14 00 I
30 Hana Plantation 14 12%
50 Hutchinson Sugar 30 37
GO 8 F Gas & Electric 64 75
40 S V Water 100 50
$0000 S V W 4s 2d Mortgage 104 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Contra Costa Water 68 25
15 Contra Costa Water 68 37%
25 Giant Powder 77 87% .
100 Equitable Gas 6 00
50 Hutchinson Sugar 39 37%
50 Hana Plantation 14 12%
50 Hana Plantation 14 25
20 S W Vater 100 50
50 Vigorit Powder : 2 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session. .
800 Chbllar 40 200 Hale & Norcrs 29
100 Con Cal & Va.l 45 500 Overman ...... 22 !
600 Gould & Curry 36 400 Potosl 52
Afternoon Session. ;
100 Andes 12 2CO Syndicate ...... 06
100 Con Cal & Va.l 45 100 Union Con ... 40
50 Hale & Norcrs 311 100 Yellow Jacket. 28
100 Justice OS I
■ Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock | '
Board yesterday:,
Morning Session.
100 Chotlar 401 200 Overman 22!
200 Con Cal & Va.l 451 100 Yellow Jacket. 27
100 Gould & Curry 361 ... I
ADCTIONiALES
p. J. BARTH, Auctioneer.
TO-DAY (FRIDAY), Oct. 6, 1899,
The elegant Furniture. Carpets. Folding-beds
and Bric-i-Hrac of a 10-room flat, at 414 Mc-
ALIISTER ST. at 2p. m. Dealers invited.
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 24 i ' 1 " Potosi — 54
300 Best & Belcher 391 200 Savage 25
200 Hale A Norcrs 30 800 Savage ......... 2(5
300 Overman 22 ;200 Sierra Nevada. 67
100 Potosi 53 j 200 Utah 12ft
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, October 5 — p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
.i ri M .. 04 06 Justice 07 08
AIT a 04 '••" Kentuck 03 06
'::::::::.: ll 12 Lady Wash .... 01 02
Belcher . 23 25 Mexican- 3o 38
Best & Belcher 39 40 Occidental 21 24
Bullion 04 05 Ophir '™1J;
Caledonia 74 76 Overman 21 22
Choliar ..'.'..... 39 40 Potosi 53 »4
Challenge 29 32 Savage 26 2,
Confidence 70 75 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va.. 145 150 Sob Belcher .... - 0B
Con .Imperial... — 02 I Sierra Nevada. 68 69
Crown Point... 17 19 Silver Hill 02 03
Con New York. - 03 Standard 320 —
E Sierra Nev.. 02 - Syndicate 06 —
Eureka C0n.... — 50 St Louis 0, —
Exchequer — 02 Union Con — 33 40
Gould & Curry. 37 US Utah ........... 12 13
Hale & Norcrs 33 35 Yellow Jacket.. 2. 29
Julia — 03;
'..■■. Stiriiitrsi
SAN DIEGO BAR, CALIFORNIA.
Office Tnited States Lighthouse Inspector,
Twelfth District. San Francisco, Cal.. Oc
tober 5. 1899. , .
Notice Is hereby given that the outside bar
bell buoy, San Diego. Cal.. is not in good work
ing order— the bell does not always strike. It
will be replaced as soon as practicable.
This notice affects the list of beacons and
buoys. Pacific Coast, 1888. page 11.
ALCATRAZ) ISLAND FOG BELL, CALI
FORNIA.
Notice is hereby given that the repairs to
the foe bell machinery at Alcatraz Island, Snn
Francisco Ray. California, have been com-
Dleted and on ami after this date the bell
will be sounded as usual during thick or foggy
W TWs e notice affects the list of lights and fo*
signals. Pacific Coast, ISM, No. 25. and the list
ons and buoys, Pacific Coast, 18S8,
Pa By order of the Lighthouse^ Board
Commander. V. S. N., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
Time Bali
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
October 5. 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1 c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at a
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich Ume C^ KINS
Lieutenant Commander. T T . S N.. in chaT^e.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Water? at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Ni iTE— The high and lew waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-fi?e minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is th» Fame at both places.
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6.
NOTE— In the übove exposition or the tides
the early morning t!3es are Riven In the left
hand column ami the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column Rives the second tide of
»he Jay. the third time column the third tide
and the la3t or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. . The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — precedes the height,
and then the number (riven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
. Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, October 5.
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs. 18 hours from Rockport
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, 72 hours from Grava
Harbor.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 72 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow, 80 hours from New
port (S). etc.
Stmr Empire. Nelson, 52 hours from Cooa
Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland, 30 hours from Monterey
and way ports. '
Tug Rescue, Thompson. 4 days from Port
Harford, with raft in tow. m Ort
Tug Monarch, Thonnissen. 4 days from Port
Harford. wit* raft In tow. Ort
Br ship Glfford, Parry, 119 days from Cardiff.
Bark Gatherer, Younggren, 7 days from Ta
coma.
Schr North Bend. Palmer, 7 days from Wil
lana Harbor.
Schr Bessie X, Nielsen, 22 hours from Al
bion.
CLEARED.
■ ■ -• • • Thursday. Octobers.
lv^ r u^ a a nnie°nT deU ' Maniia - v!a h —
lufur/sVove^nm-en^ Manila ' Vla H —
uTgo^SSl Lane ' Manlla ' Vla Honolulu:
four . su P th^ r T t Co HaU> SC ° U> "verpool; Bal-
SAILBb.
„: _ Thursday, October 5.
Stmr State of California, Gage Astoria
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander* San Diego
«Jmr 7pif "n 1 ,* 1 anlU an <l Honolulu.
lufu Zealanclla - Dowdell. Manila and Hono
ship Spartan, Polite, Seattle
lohr T^ r> ' ?' £ I - a ? sen - F °rt' Ross.
Schr John A, Nielsen. Coos Bay.
sss 5 Vlf a « n<l infr - gas* G™ y » Harbor
Schr Nettie Sunriborg. Nelson .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oot 5, 10 p m-Weather
thick; wind soutb, velocity 8 miles
Continued on Page Thirteen.Haywards, (Oakland
ASSOCIATION OF
BAPTISTS FAVOR
CHURCH TAXATION
Do Not Believe in Any
Discrimination.
0
Resolved, That it is the sense of
this meeting that all property held
by ail denominations as church es- i
tates is subject to taxation the same ■
us property held for secular purposes
in this State.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call -
903 Broadway. Oct. 5.
In view of the campaign which will be
waged a year hence over the adoption of
constitutional amendment 6, introduced '
in the last Legislature by Assemblyman j
McDonald, the foregoing resolution,
adopted at to-day's session of the nine- i
teenth annual conference of the Central :
Baptist Association of California, Is of
deep significance. The association is j
made up of the clergy of the Baptist |
churches In San Francisco, Alameda, ■
Marln, Contra Costa and Sola.no counties, j
and through it the resolution quoted goes
on record as opposed to the proposed con- ;
stitutional amendment.
To-day's action was not -without some I
opposition, for fifty delegates refused to i
vote either way, while there was but a \
majority of six to carry the resolution.
But this was wholly due to some mis- ;
understanding. There were three propo- i
sitions before the association, and in the j
confusion incident to the discussion some i
of the members lost sight of what propo- i
sition was being put first. This is given I
as the reason for some of the delegates i
refusing to vote. It had been recom- '
mended In one of the propositions that I
the conference members give their active
support .0 the amendment in 1902, but In |
the confusion Dr. W. O. Baldwin of Ala- j
meda offered as a substitute the resolu- j
tion finally adopted. In explaining his j
resolution Dr. Baldwin said:.
This* country in free to alt. Ecclesiastical de- j
nominations as corporations are on a level
with other corporations, bo far as taxation of I
property Is concerned. "We would do well not
to import the ecclesiastical exemptions from i
which other Slates are now trying to rij rbrm
itelve?. We are fearful of some unscrupulous
people taking advantage of this exemption to ;
do a little speculating in the real estate mar- !
ket. Altogether too Brad) property will escape
taxation and It will do the State no bv>j<l.
Next year's conference will be held in j
Alameda. Rev. E. B. Bennett of the |
Twenty -third-avenue Baptist Church will
deliver th? annual sermon on that oc- j
casion, alternate Rev. C. S. Keetch, and !
Rev. C. H. Hobart will preach the
doctrinal sermon. The association |
treasurer reports a deficit of $20. '
Early th evening the conference ad- I
journed, and the remaining hours were j
given over to the Baptist Young People's '
Union, which elected the following officers |
for the ensuing year: President, R, 11. E. j
Espy; vice-president, Mrs. Meta E. Gaila- |
horn; secretary. Miss Ilattie Bromley;
treasurer, Mr. Rowo; managers, Henry
Bruce and Ralph Pruitt.
HE LOOKED FOR A GAS
LEAK WITH A CANDLE
As a Consequence Captain Ltitjen Is
Painfully Burned and Minus
His Hair.
AL.AMEDA, I >ct s.— An explosion of g^s
in Ll I In the basement
Mar wrecking the residence of Cap
tain Lutjen, at KIT San Antonio avenue,
this evening. The Lutjens moved into the
jrs ago, coming here
fr< m tfan Francisco, where they resi'l
? Nineteenth street. A piumber had
l"^>n at w«irk during the afternoon con
• ive and went away leav
ing i pipe in the basement unplugged.
The tfas escaping from the pipe soon tilled
th- basement under the kitchen with gas.
• • ting the odor of k;>.s,
matter to the attention of her
husband and he sought to ascertain the
ts of the !-ak. H<> ' ok a
indie with him and just as he
■ ■ basemen? door there was a
n that knocked him off his
wrecked the house. The
kit' b< eived the brunt of the shock
and mplete wr< ck. A table
that v ' of the room was
throwi ■ and the plaster was
blown ( ■ r oms upsi
Mrs. Lutjen, : , r sister and an infant
standing In the kitchen at the time
of th< if a severe
Bhaking up tl • | uninjured. Mr.
Lutjen, howevei it fare so well.
He was badly I it the face and
hands and the hair was --.irly all burned
off his head. Captain Lutjen is a retired
iring man and ; the house
where the explosi \ a few
months ago, inter ling 1 here.
SIX TORPEDOES CAUSE
A TEMPORARY SCARE
OAKLAND, Oct. s.— Last Monday r.:pht
half a dozen ordinary giant tor]
were found in a drawer in the quarters
Just vacated by the Young Men's Insti
tute No. 8. A rejx rt was circulated that
a large quantity of dynamite had been
:n the place and th .
.■ . •n- being hatched. The
hall was sublet t<> several labor unions
"Nearlj a week aF.>." said Captain of
■ rson to-night, "half a dozen nr-
I ' ■ : ; : • s wi-r.- found In the
■ . brought them to the
[all and we fired :hem off. They
•'. <rk«. and thousands
■ re used on the Fourth ■■>! July,
■ ■ ice dent was reported. I
the lodges probably
nerve of candi-
Everybody un
w minutes' after
■ rpedoi s."
SETTLED BIG SUIT
WITH CAR TICKETS
OAKLAND. Oct. s.— The $"0,0 jO damage
suit brought by Mrs. Crawford, through
hex attorney, H. Aldrlch, against the
Oakland Transit Company for injuries,
was compromised to-day by Claim Ad
juster FerrtnJ who paid over to the at
torney Jiu and two books of tickets
«ntitlin X the holder to 100 five-cent rides
on cars operated by the corporation Af-
V ,L ! ft 1 " ? Uorne V / S ¥** are paid the plain
from n the! 53KZ8 wm get llule aslde
Spanish Rapier Causes Trouble.
AL.AMIi.DA,. Oct. 5.-A. Fredericks, a
corporal in Company C of the First Cali
fornia \ oluntoorr. had a search warrant
is.sued yesterday afternoon for the uur
pose of searching the residence of Captain
James iV. Dumbrell at 1613 Benton street
The captain is also a member of the
C ineß^ la and SaW service ln th
The article sought for is a Spanish ra
pier, which Fredericks claims he gave To
Captain Dumbrell at Manila for the pur
pose of shipping it to Ban Francisco 'alonir
with some other relics the latter was
shipping home, and with the understand
ing that when Fredericks reached San
Francisco the same was to be returned
to him. But the captain, so Fredericks
says, failed to fulfill his agreement for
when he called for his property the can
tain informed him that the box con
taining the articles had been broken
open while on the way from Manila and
the rapier, together with several articles
belonging to himself, had been stolen
This statement Fredericks denies
CHURCH REPORT
SHOWS A YEAR
OF PROSPERITY
Methodist Incomes in
the State.
Oakland Francisco Call,
908 Broadwaj . i >ct :>.
The reports of the pastors presented at
to-day's conference of the Methodist
Church o'>uth show that all the churches
in the State have been fairly prosperous
during the past year.
These reports show the following figures
for the entire State:
■Aebury Church, Oakland— Pastor. W. P. An
drews: total receipts during the year. $968 65;
total membership, 99.
Santa Rosa— Pastor. J. A. Batchelor; total
receipts, 14279 S8; membership, 303.
Linden-street Church, Ban Francisco Pa
stor, A. Odum; total receipts, $937 80; member
ship. 201.
Los llanos— Pastor W. E. Phillips; total re
ceipts, $165 97; membership, 43.
Knights Landing— Pastor, W. M. Armstrong;
total receipts, $561 85; membership, 64.
WIDOWS— W. D. Taylor; total re
ceipts, $1242 61; membership, 115.
Princeton— J. M. Pratt; total re
ceipts, $1074 70; membership 134.
Lincoln Station— Pastor, W. A. Davis; total
receipts. $653 45; membership 81.
Wheatland— Pastor, Z. J. Needham; total re
ceipts, $1175; membership, 65.
Stockton— Pastor, H. C. Meredith; total re
ceipts $1000; membership. 173.
Woodland— Pastor, H. O. Stubbs; total re
ceipts, |875; membership, 69.
Snelllng and Waterford— Pastor, G. H. Fra
zer; total receipts. $832; membership, 54.
Elmlra and Dlxon Pastor, Euclid McWhor
ter; total receipts, $1175 23; membership, 113.
Lakeport— Pastor W. Action; total receipts,
$1160 58, membership 125.
Orland— Pastor. S. T. Reeve; total receipts,
$1267 10; membership, 86.
Big Dry Lake— Pastor, F. M. Staton; total
receipts, $634 32: membership. 90.
Upper Pastor, < '. T. Clark; total re
ceipts, $674 73; membership, 36.
Walnut Grove— Pastor. A. L. Paul; total re
ceipts. $749 60; membership, 32.
Boonville and Xorkville Pastor, W. A. Lind
say; total receipts, $351 03; membership, 82.
Healdsburg— Pastor, P. F. Page; total re
ceipts, $731 2«; membership, 137.
San Lucas and Bradley— Pastor, D. Bauer;
total receipts, $247 70; membership. 4S.
-Pastor, H. W. Currln; total receipts,
$<vii 42; nierr.berFhip, 72.
San Francisco Station— Pastor, H. M. He-
Knight; total receipts, $1100; membership, 211.
San Benlt > -Pastor, J. C. Pendergast; total
receipts $7.' 50; membership, 45.
Modesto Station— Pastor, J. C. Simmons;
total receipts, $800; membership, 78.
Salinas Station— Pastor, J. S. Henley; total
receipts. : 9* 15; membership, 63.
Sacramento— Pastor, W. E. Vaughan; total
receipts, $2046 85; membership, 150.
Yisaiia Pastor, J. H. Kay; total receipts,
re- 55; membership, S3
Dlnubtt and Oron— Pastor, J. Hedgpeth; total
receipts, $1432 08; membership. 90.
Hollister— Pastor, I. F. Stnbbs; total re
ceipts, $1688 S6; membership. 177.
Dos Pales— Paul r. R. F. Beasley; total re
ceipts, $3S<S 85; membership, 46.
Gilroy— J. B. Needham; total receipts,
$Sl4 85; ' membership, 60.
Maxwell— Pastor. O. L. Rnssell; total re
ceipts. $534 88; membership, 71.
Sulphur Creek— Pastor. B. E. Wilson; total
receipts, $."09 50; membership, 54.
Sonora— Pastor, A. F. Walters; total receipts,
$1344 60; membership, 31.
La Grande— R. A. Lawrle; total re
ceipts, $100S: membership, 108.
Klngsburß— E. J. Page; total re
ceipts, $065 30: membership. 51.
Cloverdalo— Pastor, C. C. Black; total re
ceipts. $544 35; membership. 7.j.
Winters— Pastor, J. C. Hyden; total receipts.
$500; memberFhlp, 62.
Yuba City Pastor, E. McHenry; total re
ceipts. $767 75; membership, CO.
Hornitos and Cathay— Pastor. J. D. Howell;
total receipts. $721 12; membership, 125.
Bakersfleld— Pastor, W. A. Whitman; total
. receipts, $S6; membership. 20.
Grldley Pastor, <;. McHenry; total receipts,
$524; membership, 29.
CONTEST ANTICIPATED
BY WIDOW KRYTSER
OAKLAND. Oct. s.— Elizabeth Krytser,
widow of John Krytser who died last
Friday, to-day petitioned the Superior
; Court f"r an order for the taking and
! perpetuating of the testimony of A.
X eiiig. a notary public, before whom a
deed was acknowledged on July 28, 1897,
wherein John Krytser transferred his
realty located on Eighth and Magnolia
tS tO hIS Wife.
In her petition the widow alleges that
she anticipates being made a defendant
in a suit to be brought by her Btepson,
Charles J. Krytser, who was endeavor-
Ing Just prior to his- father's death, t>>
have a guardian appointed over the old
man's person and estate with a view of
suing the petitioner for the recovery of
ihe property, which he claimed had been
secured through fraud and undue Influ
ence exercised by bis stepmother over
his father. The widow seeks to perpetu
ate the notary's testimony because his
health is failing and he intends leaving
, the State, perhaps never to return.
Will Receive Volunteers Royally.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— Chairman F. Sin-'
] clair of the refreshment committee of the
Montana regiment reception committee!
. has issued the following:
"Large quantltii a of cold meats, poultry. <
i sandwiches, fruit, cakes, etc.. will be re
quired in order to properly entertain :h-
Montana regiment. United States volun
who are to be the guest.s of this
in Saturday, the 14th inst. , and tJje ,
committee In charge have decided to ap
peal to the ladies of < Oakland to furnish
the same by popular donation. As the ]
time is very short in whi. h to prepare, the '
i ummittee kindly ask that you advise
them a? soon as possible what you are
•willing to donate and in what quantity,
I they may know exactly what to depend j
v] in.
Estate of W. J. Killip.
OAKLAND, Oct. s.— Sarah Killlp to-day
i for letters of administration on
of her late husband, William
r Killip, who died very suddenly
September 2o The estate consists prin
cipally of real property, and though the
value is not known, is estimated in excess
of 110,000. The onlj belra at law are the
petitioning widow and a sister. Carrie C.
D'Neil, residing in Han Francisco. Thus
far no will has been found, but the widow
was to-day given authority bj Judge Hall
to open an in>n safe belonging to her hus
band In the office of Center & Spader in
San Franciscn, with the hope that such
an Instrument might be found,
Alameda City Teachers' Institute.
ALAMEDA, Oct. a.— The Alameda City
Teachers' Institute will be held on
.••sday, Thursday and Friday of next
■week. Professor Jordan of Stanford and
other able educators will address the
meeting. rThe institute will he held in the
Unitarian Church, on Grand street, near
Santa Clara avenue. Superintendent of
Schools Hugh< I mplettd the pro
gramme of addi- r numbers
that are to be given during the session.
The patrons of the schools, and all who
are interested In educational progress, are
Invited to attend.
Kiner's Daughters Appeal.
OAKLAND. Oct. s.— The Alameda Coun
ty King's Daughters' Home for Incura
bles is negotiating for the purchase of the
Kelsey property, in Twenty-fourth street
and Telegraph avenue. It can he bought
for $12,500. with a first payment nf $»'iuo.
The Daughters find their present home In
Bast Oakland too small, and Mrs. Laura
Albrecht. the president, has issued an ap
peal for funds to acquire the larger prop
erty.
Athletes Will Incorporate.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— The West Oakland
Athletic Club, with headquarters at Pine
and Goss streets, will shortly be incor
porated, Judge Mortimer Smith will pre
pare the articles and the following direc
tors will serve the firs* term: George Ban
tini. Frank Simpson, Charles Wines, Fn-d
JJufschmidt. James T. Drew. Williari
ftolloran, William Duchran. Sl!;ip Lunr*
scn, Alfred Pick, George Simpson and K.
K nster. The club has been in existence
the past five years.
TTTE SA^s T FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1899.
/Mameda )\eu/5
RIVALS IN GOLD
BRICK INDUSTRY
Gage Shares Honors With the lia=
waiian Bunko Man.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90s Broadway, Oct. 5.
/"> OVERNOR Gage has revived the
political gold br-ick industry in this |
U county. The latest recipient of
of these treasures is James P. Oliver
of Berkeley, who had been positively
promised the position of Deputy Labor
nmiseioner.
Several weeks ago his friends, who in
\ elude the most prominent Republican? in
this county, were given assurance that
I lliver would get the job. Several mem
bera of the State CentraTCommittee were '
! also assured by Mr. Gage, or posslbly
Cdlonel Burns, that Oliver would be re
warded for his work in the last campaign.
The promises given all of th.em were guld
bricks.
The disappointment of A. J. Reid, who |
had been called by the Governor to the
I 'a lace Hotel to receive the Labor Com- :
missionership, ajid who was then given
a gold brick, was as nothing compared
to the surprise and disappointment of the
friends of Mr. Oliver. In addition to the
indorsements already referred to every
Senator and Assemblyman in this county,
including the four who stood loyally by
Burns, requested the Governor to ap
point Oliver, and received assurances of
compliance.
When It was announced that Mr. Kelsey
of Santa Clara was to be the Assistant
State Labor Commissioner, Alameda
County Republicans wondered to what
end they had worked so loyally last fall
to swell the majority of Mr. Gage. In :
this instance ns in that of Mr. Reid, di- |
rect promises were given with the same i
result.
Oliver, 'luring the last two campaigns,
has gone on the stump at the suggestion
of the Republican State Central Com- j
mtttee, and made a very successful cam- !
paigner. He was promised a reward, and
the whole county united in his Indorse
tnent, only to find that Governor Gage's j
| promises are like the proverbial pie- j
crust.
I So much indignation has been expressed
lat the latest action of the Governor
toward Alnmeda County that iui assur
bas teen given that Oliver will be
taken care of, but no more faith is put
in this promise than the last. Mr. Oliver
comes from Berkeley, which district was j
misrepresented in the last Assembly by
Mr. Howard Wright. It is possible 'hat
Mr. oiivr may have at some time or
expressed his disapproval of the
manner 'n which Mr. Wright acted, an<i
that he is now being punished for his
grave indiscretion.
Oliver was one of the foremost leaders
of the movement in the Interest of Dr. ;
<; C. J" !!-!•• for Governor. It is said that
j he had a hand in composing that cele- j
brated ode first sung at Sacramento.
WILL CONSIDER HOW
TO IMPOUND FLOODS
STATE CONVENTION TO BE HELD
IN NOVEMBER.
Call Issued and a Basis Provided for
the General Representation
of All Sections and
Interests.
The California State Association for the
Storage of Flood Waters met last even-
Ing at the Palace Hotel and adopted an
address to the people of the State. It in
cluded a call for a convention to be held
in this city November 14, "to cqnslder the
bearing which the increase of the avail
waters of the State for agricultural,
horticultural, mining and mechanical pur
poses, will have upon its future growth
and prosperity, and to devise plans and
means whereby this important result
may be attained."
Chief Justice lieatty of the Supreme
Court presided and T. C. Friedlander act
ed as secretary. In the call lor the con
vention provision was made to Invite the
following a> delegates: <;>>venior ;ui.i
Lieutenant Governor of the Sta*e. Chief
Justice of the Supryme Court, th* original
committee, three representatives from
each commercial organization in the cltii s
of the State, two members from each
county Board of Supervisors, Mayors or
all municipalities or chairmen of boards of
trustees, three delegates from each As
s< mbly district, to be appointed by county
Supervisors, all members of the California
}']■■ ss Association, all members of the San
cisco Publishers 1 Association and
representatives of the leading dully pa
pers of Los Angeles and Oakland, ftftj
delegates at large, to be appointee by the
Governor, the president or representative
of each Irrigation system actually dis
tributing water for agricultural purposes,
the presideni or representative of each
Incorporated water-ditch company supply
ing water for mining purposes and in
dividuals selected by members of the orig
inal committee. The number of delegates
to be named by each member of the com
mittee was limited to five.
The address set forth the advantages
to arise from the conservation of water,
amort k these being more profitable agri
culture, cheap power to be applied to
agriculture and manufacturing; more re
liable supply of water for the river chan
ana reclamation of fertile garden
lands now lying waste because of over
flows.
Among those present were Chi<*f Justice
Beatty, W, H. Mills. T. C. Friedlander,
Hugh Craig Arthur R. Briggs, A. Sbar
boro, Philip N. Lilk-nthal, Raleigh Bar
car and General Qleaves. After the chII
for the convention had been adopted it
was voted to a-«k the various Hoards of
Supervisors to appoint delegates prompt
ly, to appropriate $2<Vi to have the call tor
the convention published in the papers in
the interior under the supervision of
Raleigh Kurrnr and W. H. Mills, to add
Frank J. Sims and P. X. LHienthal to the
committee to .start thle evening for J,os
Angeles* to stimulate interest in that sec
tion In the work of the association. That
committee consists of William Thomas,
W 11. Mills, Hush Craig. Chief Justice
Beatty. John P. Irish, rhilin N. Ulu-mhal.
F. W. Dohrmann, General GleaVes and
T. C. Friedlander.
A NEW NIGHT SCHOOL.
Latest Addition to the Work of the
Young Men's Christian
Association.
To Its many other advantages the
Young Men's Christian Association of
this city has added a night school flint
is tilling the upper rooms of the building
every session, although the school has
been going less than a week.
It was started last Monday night, the
id. -a being to limit the number of attend
ants to 200 and to close the registration
on tlie loth lust. Already there arc near
ly 17'J enrolled, and 800 will bu peached
before the time limit expires.
To become a member of the school the
lirst requisite j s membership In the asso
ciation. The general membership tee en
titles the member to all the privileges' of
:he association, but for the school it has
been Found necessary to charge a small
fee In addition for the expenses of in
struction. The fee is not a large
however, and it is payable over live ot
the six months of the school term. In
the case of an applicant joining the asso
ciation in order to Join the school, his
membership fee will also be accepted in
easy installments. There are three
courses— the business course, electricity
:uid mechanical arts course and the
course in languages and music. For the
lirst two tiiv fee Is $r>; for the last it is
a special fee for each language.
The committee In charge and the in
structors are: C. A. Maydwell, chairman;
Oscar T. Barber, secretary ; J. A Wiles'
A. A. Macurda. A. 8., educational direc
tor; A. A. Macurda, A. 8., bookkeeping
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 5.
CLARENCE M. REED will not
manage a Hawaiian plantation on a
large salary and with a minimum
amount of effort. A few weeks ago
Mr. Reed, who Is a nun of the well
known attorney and Blind Insti
tute director, received overtures from
a generous Hawaiian, A. P. Stod
dard the same Mr. Btoddard that
successfully worked several guests at the
Haywards Hotel and tried to "work"
more whi»n his little scheme failed.
Stoddard told Clarence that he was
looking for a manager for ;i plantation.
Reed honestly admitted thai he knew
nothing of managing plantations, but v&a
Informed thai that was no bar. 'We will
have nothing to do." said Stoddard, "ex
cept bossing some other fellows and draw
ing our princely salaries. We will ship a
few other fellows down there to do the
work. Now to business. Of course, when
we get to Honolulu, we Bhall have to put
on a certain amount of 'dog.' We nad
better have dress suits, of course we
shall have to stay at the Royal Hawaiian
Hotel for about a month and do things
up in shape. If people think we are not
well fixed they would have no use for
us. You have a dress suit? That is
good. You won'l need to buy one.
"It would be better to take a few
hundred dollars with us, as we might
need It. You have two or three hundred?
■Well that's good. And can borrow as
much more? That's better. We can go
down cheap enough on the steamer, but
once in Honolulu we must rut a dash.
Now th" thing's all right and I will
write you in a few days, Riving you all
the details."
A few days later Clarence Reed re
ceived a letter from Mr. Stoddard. It
left nothing In doubt. The plantation was
actually In existence, merely wanting a
few managers, Oaklanders preferred, and
they would go on the next steamer.
There was a little hint about money, and
the suggestion that If he, Stoddard.
should be a little short, until they had
done their "dog" at the Royal Hawaiian
Hotel, why It would be quite easy for
Reed to Iran a couple of hundred, and
they could settle when they met the
cashier it the big plantation.
"I showed the letter to my father," said
Clarence Reed to-day, "and he read it
carefully, tolling me he would think
about it and Ktve me his advice."
Five minutes later George W. Reed re
turned the letter to his son indorsed
"gold brick"— and the Incident ended.
Last week Clarence Reed saw his
bunko friend Stoddard in San Franeifco,
hut was never able to get near enough to
him to hold a conversation with him or
demand an explanation.
and English; Arthur Cassidy, B. S.. elec
tricity and drawing; B. 11. Blerman, A.
1... German and mathematics; Miss M. X
Phillips, stenography and typewriting;
Miss Emily Curtis, elocution; Julian de
Lecuona, Spanish; Oscar T. Barber, 1.1..
8., commercial law and civics: E. M.
Bixby, M. D., physiology and hygiene.
The school will be open Monday, Tues
day, Wednesday and Thursday of each
week from 7:15 to !•:*>. Ii is a branch of
work that is expected to be a great addi
tion to the association as well as of im
mense benefit to the members.
ALL HALLOWS' FAIR OPENS.
Proceeds Will Be Devoted to Building
a Parochial Hall.
The fair In aid of a new library and pa
rochial hall for All Hallows' Church was
■I last night under favorable au
spices at South San Francisco Hall, cor
ner of Fourteenth and Railroad avenues.
Edward Nealey made a few introduc
tory remarks in which he congratulated
the Indies on the beauty of the various
booths under tluir charge, He was fol
lowed by Congressman Kahn, who spoke
of the worthy object for which the t'air
la given. }{•■ thought that the library
feature especially should receive the aup
port of every good citizen, "for." said he,
"upon the reading of good books depends
the fate of the nation."
Mayor Phelan came later and urged the
parishioners and their friends to contrib
ute to the good work which their pastor,
Rev. Father D. O. Sullivan, h;is under
taken. Many valuable articles are on Bale
at the booths and there will be a mu.sical
entertainment every evening during the
continuance of the fair. To-night there
will be a concert by an excellent band.
Lunch is served every day from 12 o'clock
until 2 in the afternoon. The fair will
close October 10. The following are in
charge of the booths:
St. Marys Booth Misses M. Mealey, A. God
frey, [rene Manning, assisted by the Children
of Mary.
St. Joseph'! Booth-— Mrs. Quirk, assisted by
Mrs. Driscoll, Mrs. Oliver, Mrs O'Brien, Mrs.
Pyle, Mlaa M Lee and Mihst-s O'Brien, Fan
ning and Mi Donough.
All Hallows' Booth— Misses Rlley and Hal
loran, assisted by Mrs. McGee, Mrs. Heley,
Mrs. Pallmer, Mrs. Florentine, Mrs. Miley and
Mrs. Ford.
[ceMream Booth— Mrs. McGutre and Mrs. Gil
more, assisted by the Misses McGuire and Gil
mom.
Roulme Table— Mrs. Troy, assisted by Miss
N. Regan.
Candy Booth — Misses Turner and Ayers.
Refreshment Booth — Mrs. Kelly, assisted by
Mrs. Hunan, Mrs. Walters, Mrs. Teaman, Mrs.
Brady. Mrs. T. Nilan. Mrs. Franks, Mrs. Biggs,
Miss Cotter and Mrs. McEvoy.
Grab Bag— Children of Mary.
WALLING IN THE PARK.
Extensive Improvements on th 3
North Side of the People's
Pleasure Grounds.
The north side of Golden Gate Park Is
receiving the attention of the Park Com
missioner? in a manner pleasing to t lie
residents of the Richmond district. Here
toforfl this Bide of the people's p!easur<
grounds had born somewhat neglected h
favor of the south side, into which th«
lnilk of travel had been directed by reasui
of .-■ many Street oars terminating on thai
side. The pr>. sent Park Commissioners
have now favored the north side by build-
Ing a three-foot Btone wall along the lliu
of the park grounds. The wall whs com
menced ai Pell and Stanyan streets and
extended to Fulton, along which street ii
is being continued, and is now nearly tin
Ished as far as First avenue. Anothci
beneficial improvement added to the nortl
Bide is the opening <>f a driveway into thi
park at First avenue. This opening Intc
Hi.' rsrk a t this particular place is jne ol
the few favors asked by the Point Lobo?
Improvement Club f:"in the Park Com
missioners, and one that has been cheer
fully uccorded by that progressive body.
The bad condition "f Fulton street, frorr
Stanvan to Ninth avenue, is one of n>
complaints of the Richmond residents
The property owners on the north s\ut
along the lino of the old racecourse have
paved their half, and in turn they ure;<
the Supervises to do likewise with the
city's half, which runs along; the northerr
bnundnrv nf the Golden C4nte P.nrlr
LADIES' DRILL.
A Large Audience Witnessed the Bej
beknhs in Military Evolutions.
There was a large attendance last night
in the main hall of Odd Fellows' building
at the military display drill, entertain
ment and dance given by San Francisco
Rebekah Drill Corps No. 2 of the Inde
pendent order of Odd Fellows. The hall
was tastefully decorated, and in the audi
ence were many who are prominent in
the several branches of the order. The
programme offered included a barytone solo
by Qeorge Cheney, cakewalk by Kv. ret
Sv.-eeney and Miss Jeanette Draper, which
were heartily applauded; piano re'ital.
Ml SB Margaret Davis: vocal selections.
Miss Lee waffelsburg: "A Pair of Luna
tiCß," Miss Lottie Linnle and George Cald
Berkeley, Fruit vale
RESTORED MOTHER TO
HOME AND INFANT
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 5.
The police in North Oakland had an in
teresting Search last night. They were
charged with the duty of recovering a
woman, a child and a house, and of unit
ing all three.
LaJe last night the message was sent to
headquarters that a little girl was miss
ing. During the afternoon Mrs. Blum and
her young daughter went to a house she
had rented on Grace avenue, Lorin. Some
how or other the woman could not find
the house, and she left the child on the
i orner of Calais street wbile she tried to
ii*i*l tin- place she had rented. The mother
wandered off and lost hor way. A police
man saw a little girl quietly sleeping on
the grass near a Btreet corner and earned
her to the house of the nearest family,
where she was given into thg, carp Of ;i
Mrs. Simpson. It was nearly midnight
when the mother ceased hunting for her
child, and still had not found her house,
having no other direction than a faint
idea of its appearance. A co-ed, of the
university met the young mother and took
hi r to her home for the night. This morn
ing the police reunited mother and child,
and after a search found their home for
them. The officer tacked a large pencil
number on the front door before leaving,
so that the mother's forgetfulness would
not give the police department another
night's work.
SADIE SINCLAIR NOW
HENRY GLIDE'S BRIDE
OAKLAND, Oct. s.— Miss Sadie Sin
clair, niece of C. C. Clay of Sherman &
Clay, and J. Henry Glide Jr., son of the
wealthy rancher of Sacramento, were
married last evening at the home of the
bride's aunt, Mrs. H. Stephens. 125 Thir
teenth street, Rev. Dr. Hammon of the
Alameda M. E. Church South officiating.
The affair was very private, only the im
■ mediate relatives being invited- to attend.
, Miss Margaret Sinclair was maid of honor
; and the conventional bridesmaid was
; omitted. Thornton Glide, a brother of the
groom, acted as best niaji. The parlors
were modestly decorated with palms>,
greens and choice flowers.
Mr. and Mrs. Glide are now enjoying
their honeymoon trip through the south,
and upon their return will make tneir
| home in Sacramento.
Granted Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Oct. s.— Marriage licenses
have been issued to the following: Joseph
Kruno, aged 2*i years, of Oakland and
Emily A. Knight, 27 years, Alameda;
Francis 11. Woodward, 27 years, San
Francisco, and Elvira Martin, 21 years,
Oakland; Manuel M. Brazil, 32 years, and
Rosa Smith, 17 years, Pleasanton; Charles
P. Wilson, 2:i years, and Lussetta Flem
ing. 17 years." San Francisco; Ma. y J.
Kavanaugh, 22 years, and Thomas Francis
Haverty, 22 years. San Francisco; Frank
.1. Foley, 22 years, and Gusste Lubelsky,
IT years, San Francisco; Charles \V.
Holies, 27 years, Greenville, 111., and
Teresa Jeanette Brady. 26 years, San
Francisco; Edward Lowther Holmes. 25
years, and Elsie B. Harnden, 25 years.
Alameda; Ephraim S. Chase. 42 years.
Centerville, and Elizabeth J. Driver, 43
years. Irvington; James Morrlce. 2? years,
San Francisco, and Annie C. Robertson,
27 years. Oakland.
i well, and Robert Flannigan as the "Frisco
' Tramp."
The event of the evening, the drill by
i the young ladies of the corps, who for
; some time past had been perfecting them
selves in the evolutions of the Patriarchs
Militant, then followed, under the instruc
liiina of Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Potter
<.f the Second Regiment of the Patriarchs.
The corps under command of Captain
; Allie Parker, in its artistic costumes of
black with white trimmings, each carry-
i i! ir ivory-Wanaled swords, presented when
at "attention" an exceedingly pretty pic
' turc. The members of the corps were per
fect in every evolution, and they were re
warded with much applause, and after
tlip drill were congratulated on all Bides.
After the drill there was dancing until
| midnight.
COURT NOTES.
Judge Bahrs has made an order grant
ing Alice Oppenheimer leave to take her
minor son, Melville Oppenheimer, on a
trip to Europe Mrs. Oppenheimer's di
vorced husband, Solomon Oppenheimer,
objected, but the court ruled against him.
Thomas P. Logle has sued his partner
In the drug business. George M. Mithers,
for a dissolution of the firm and for a
division of the assets. Plaintiff also asks
that a receiver be appointed to take
charge of the store at 901 Valencia street
until the dissolution has been effected.
James S. Angus. Thomas G. Crothers
and W. S. Good fellow, as executors of
the will of the late James G. Fair, have
sued John 1.. Mel.aughlin and Bridget
Richardson as claimants of title to prop
trty at the southeast corner of Mission
street and Cortland avenue; Albert Ma
nogue as claimant of title to property
on the northerly line of East avenue, 100
feet easterly from Bennington street;
K;uherina Adami as claimant of title to
property on the westerly line of North
avenue. 1(13 feet southerly from Cort
land avenue; Harriet C. Nic, the San
Francisco Lumber Company and John
Fortune as claimants of title to land on
Cortland avenue, southerly line, 10.1 feet
easterly of Elsie street, and iheodore
Gruenlnger as claimant of title to prop
erty on the southwest corner of Elsie
street and Cortland avenue, the object
of the suits being to quiet title to the
lands named.
Frank B>'alp. who pleaded guilty to a
charge of burglary in the second degree,
w.is sentenced to eight years' imprison
ment in San Quentin by Judge Lawlor
yesterday.
LAST NIGHTS OF THE FAIR.
There are but two clays more in which
to enjoy the lino exhibits, the Fili
pino village, the clever performers in the
Filipino cirrus and the various attractions
|of the Mechanics' Fair. Yesterday and
last night the visitors were largely from
out of town, and the exhibitors in con
! sequence reaped large benefits from or
| ders for goods.
A great deal of interest is exhibited in
1 the magnificent collection of drawings
and plans of the proposed buildings ?f the
University of California, which are shown
In the balcony along the wall. These are
loaned to the fair through the kindness of
Mrs. Hearst, and this is the last opportu
j nity for a public inspection, as they will
; shortly be sent to the Paris Exposition.
| The management of the fair has decided
, to dispose of the collection in the Filipino
village, and this has brought a number
of livers of curi<js and relics to the fnir.
I To-night several thousand odd Fellows
! will be present ami there will be a special
! drill by the Patriarchs Militant and the
' Drill Corps of the Daughters <>f Rebekah.
I To-night and to-morrow night Irene Pal
; mer, a very clever 10-year-old girl, will
; give a few selections on the concert grand
piano <>n the stage in the main hall, lilttle
Irene Goudy, 8% years old. will dance the
fan dance to-night. The voting contest
I on the new voting machine also begins to
| night.
September Immigration.
Acting Immigration Commissioner Sehell
makes the following report of immigrants
arriving in Pan Francisco during the
! month of September: For California, 271;
; transients, I^4. Of the California contin
| gent S were Japanese, 61 English, 14
Scotch, 3 Irish. 2-i Mexicans, '9 Smith
Americans, 10 Germans and 8 Hawaiian*.
The religions represented were: Protest
ant 127. Roman Catholic 70. Buddhist 6S,
| not stated "., -Israelites 1. There were 36
mariners, 20 farm laborers. 20 merchants.
| IS farmers. 12 miners. 11 house servants. 6
i actors. 4 clergymen and 83 of no occupa
| tion. The Immigrants brought with them
! In money $r>.r v ."fi.
. ♦ .
In Memory of Little Pete.
The blood relatives of Tattle Pete, .who !
j came to his death in Chinatown some time
ago by the murderous bullets of a high
: binder, offered a service in commemora
tion of his death in Waverly place last
i . ■ tng. The room in which the requiem
services were held was tilled with josses
and decorated in Oriental splendor. The !
i Chinese services ol feeding the dead were
nad and the ceremony lasted about three
j hours.
HE THREATENED
HER LIFE WITH
GUN AND RAZOR
Divorce Granted to
Florence Kelly.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 5.
The unhappy matrimonial experience of
Mrs. Florence Kelly was terminated this
afternoon, when Superior Judge Greene
granted to her a divorce from James
Kelly on the grounds of willful neglect,
rxtreme cruelty and habitual intemper
ance.
The unhappy woman's story, as related
! In her complaint and in her testimony,
i teemed with cruelty and abuse dating al
| most from the time of the marriage in
May, 1885. Shortly after the nuptials the
husband, who earns a salary of $100 per
month, became addicted to the liquor
habit. On one occasion, so Mrs. Kelly's
story goes, he came home late one night
and dragged her about the house by her
I hair. Her submission to such acts ap
parently emboldened the husband, for at
I another time, she says, he threatened to
cut her throat with a razor; and in April
of 1898 he wielded a revolver, threatening
jto shoot her. But for the timely interfer-
e nce of bystanders Kelly might have
ended her life. Finally one day, Mrs.
Kelly claims, her husband sold out all
1 the household furniture and abandoned
| her and their little three-year-old child.
In granting the decree Judge Greene
I awarded the custody of the child to the
i mother and directed the husband to pay
! monthly alimony in the sum of $50.
j George E. Moenning commenced suit for
! a divorce to-duy against Emma J. Moen
ning. The complaint, prepared by Attor
ney H. C. Schaertzer, recites desertion.
Kate Lucy Myrick commenced suit to
-1 day against Robert Luther Myrick for
! $35 per month alimony pending her divorce
j suit and $250 for expenses. She asks also
i that a receiver be appointed to collect the
i rents from the homestead property.
In the divorce suit of May E. Fink
against Alonzo W. Fink, defendant, by his
I attorney, R. E. Ragland, to-day filed a
: motion to strike out from the complaint
certain paragraphs; also a demurrer to
J the Insufficiency of facts alleged.
WOULD NOT MEET
WITH THE MAYOR
CoUNCILMEN DECLINED TO DIS
CUSS BONDS.
Another Evidence That the Breach in
the City Gcvernment Is Still
Widening.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 5.
There was to have been a meeting
last night of the Council sitting
as a committee of the whole.
There was no meeting, and many
are the explanations being given for Its
failure to come off. The chief matter to
have been discussed was the bond issue.
This matter has already received some
attention from members of the Council,
has been handled In extenso by the Im
provement clubs, and there is also on rec
ord an opinion by Mayor Snow regarding
the best time at which to call the elec
tion.
The Council believes that it Is Its sole
prerogative to arrange this important
matter. Some of the members think the
Mayor Bhould have a hand in the arrange
ment: others believe he should keep his
hands off. Last night It was understood
that the Mayor would be present. In
stantly all kinds of excuses were made
why a committee meeting should not be
held. President Rowe saw plainly there
would not be a quorum, so it was decided
not to waste the time of the few who
would attend.
This attitude gives rise to the presump
tion that at some time in the near future
there will be another quiet little banquet
somewhere, at which the whole matter
will be fixed up, so that when the Council !
meets to take action on the bond question j
the expectant lobby and the curious mi- j
norlty will suddenly discover that the j
whole matter has been adjusted wKhout
their aid.
APPOINTMENTS FOR
WILMERDING SCHOOL
BERKELEY, Oct. s.— President Wheeler i
of the University of California transacted [
his first official business to-day in ion- j
nection with the privilege conferred upon '
him by the Board of Regents of making
or approving all university appointments. :
Director Everett Schwartz of the AVil
meriting School called upon the president
this morning and presented the names of i
men for teachers in the school. President ;
Wheeler approved of the following: Jo- !
Beph Linderville of Linden, Mass.; Fritz
Lindburg of Ne^ York City and Daniel
H. Briggs of Boston. Mass. All of the |
appointees are experts in manual train
inc and specialists in their own line. They
will be notified of their appointments at
once.
President Wheeler announces that tne ;
Wilmerdlng School will be opened Janu
ary 5 of next year. The opening will be
conducted with appropriate ceremonies, i
for whiv'h preparations will be made later.
The courses of instruction to be given In |
the school, together with the require- ;
ments for admission, are being arranged j
between President Wheeler and Director ,
Schwartz.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, Oct. s.— Judpe Hall to-day
sustained the judgment of Justice Morris
of Alameda in the case of the People vs.
Louis Favilla, who was sentenced to pay
a fine of $40 for disturbing the peace.
The trial of the suit of H. O. Weller !
against Dr. E. T. Barber and wife, in- |
volving complications arising out of a j
deal by which the Southern Paciiic pur
: chased a piece of land in Los Angeles
'. County for $27,500, was commenced in
i Judge" Ellsworth's court to-day.
A lawn fete, to be followed by a concert,
will be given to-morrow evening by the
ladies of the First English Lutheran
Church to pay off the church debt. Miss
Grotchon Bernctt. Mrs. Carrie Fross-
Snyder, Mrs. Blake-Alverson, .Miss Josie .
Blessing. Miss Abba Kellogg, Charles
Clement Rowlands and Charles Blessing
will appear at the concert.
New Chinese mission Building.
OAKLAND. Oct. s.— Rev. -C. H. Hobart
is one of the leaders of a movement to
erect a new Baptist Chinese mission build
ing, the present quarters at 915 Webster
street having become inadequate. The
Chinese have already pledged themselves
to contribute $1000 toward the erection of
a new structure, and Rev. Mr. Hobart,
■who is pastor of the First Baptist Church,
■ proposes thai th« Baptist Home Mission
ary Society assist.
Butters jives a Thousand.
OAKLAND, Oct. s.— Henry A. Butters,
tho South African mining man of Pied
mont, has the idea that Oakland is re
sponding very -liberally' to the call for
money for a library site. He telegraphed
to-night to the free library trustees that
he will donate 060, and if necessary $1000.
toward the site. A reply wa' 'mmediate
ly sent requesting him to do .ate the $100).
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ROOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Abovr Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKE AND PICI IRON.
I f WIT SON £ C(\ ™ Battery Street.
J- V- ffILOUN (1 CUm Te.ephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
J^PKrH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. Mgr.
CW SMITH Sh| P Plumbing. Steamboat
■ IT- JlTlllll, an d Ship Work a Specialty, IS
and IS Washington st. Telephone Main 584 L
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RfIYFS & C(i Shipping Butchers, 10*
JA3- OUlLjalU) Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
JU I fIFVTAn 14 * earn '/ «<•• upstair* L.test
. H. L.UI JlrtU, sty!es lowest prices, remedying.
IR3N FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, ¥SJS» A ££&
et. Cas. ngs of Every Description Made to
Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
Will AMFTTP pulp and paper CO.
TTILLAiTIHIC 722 Montgomery street.
PRINTING
IE C- HUGHES, 511 Sansome it., S. F.
I THE HICKS JUDD CO .. "gffia. F ,,°rfr
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
I Telegraphic PARTRIDGE 206 California
Codes lAllllllliUC street.
| WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, SrSSS
! DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. ?t Its GREEN-
RIVER COLLIERIES. .8 the Best Coal in th»
Market. Office and Yards— 4so Main street.
I Will Give $1000
.-a|s»gSE||g§t>^ If I fail tO Cure any
Jd&fmM CANC : . ) Ro " """'" t I
treat belore it scat-
ASaP ters or affects the
\Vgm- ■ssje^^ rlbs Or otner
M -"^^Tt!, *Bsa^. Kmfe •
\ l'*''^_^* i lS^ ,/ence. iooo cancers
V "'-s??"^ // now in my offices in
\ , J / alcohol. attend-
\^ s/isffl Jl ant. Any hard
J^^^^T^ ' lumpan3 f where
R^Q^^^^Any iump in a
lump in a
Woman's Breast is Cancer
If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
I when cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE . ,
With symptoms addresses and testimonials of
I thousands cured in California. Write them.
S.R. CHAMLEY, M.D., 25 Third St., S.F.
SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
of THE
Fidelity and Casualty
OF "NEW YORK, in the State of New York,
on the 31st day of December, A. D. IS9S.
j and for the year ending on that day, as made
! to the Insurance Commissioner of the State
! of California, pursuant to the provisions of
' sections 010 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
. densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $250.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $570,832 07
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,04- 25
Cash in Company's Office 34,14176
Cash in Banks 41.97G 53
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2.016 67
, Rents due and accrued 2.059 10
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
; tion 391,060 39
! Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, rein-
surance reserve deposit 19.26S A
Total Assets .$3.109.731 6S
LIABILITIES.
j Losses in process of Adjustment or
1 In Suspense $170.476 33
Losses resisted, including expenses
(of which $375, 4C0 00 are resisted
for insured) 3:3.297 85
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or lees. $ ; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 1.495,026 98
I Gross premiums on Risks running
i more than one year, $ ; rein-
surance pro rata 172,541 56
1 All other liabilities 4S.OPS 09
___ —^__
Total Liabilities .$2.279,441 65
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for pre-
miums $3,209,345 CO
Received for interest and dividends
i on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
I all other sources 79.156 33
Received for Rents 56.0.*3 "8
Received from all other sources 11,093 91
Total Income .$3.35« 42
. EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing $■ ■ — . losses of previous
years) $1,541,095 03
Dividends to Stockholders 50.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or • ' • ■"
Brokerage 840.150 24
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 134.775 02
Paid for State, National and local
taxes R5.991 S2
; All other payments and expenditures 475.233 9.">
Total Expenditures .$3.100.858 16
i Losses Incurred during the year $1,273,004 20
GEO. F. SEWARD. President.
ROBT. J. HILLAS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
10th day of February. 1599. •„ ■'
E. A. RABNER. Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
S. C. PARDEE,
Resident Manager and Attorney,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING,
j SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
- | - _-.
i — i "m Dim r riiDP
s[^r*s^gis§> J* UP TjURE.
ftjSrvTT^^lls USE N0 MORE IRON
■ jSffigJ&gvtfgllSSr^ Hocvi or Steel Springs.
fl—^rid^^^^J^ Hui^jre retained with ease
M^-^ftE^S^ a °d comfort and ihousandH rail:-
-■ /Hf** cally CURED by DR. PIERCE' 3
/OS/ Magnetic Elastic Truss. (E? r Catl at
. mr office or write for New Pamphlet
No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
620 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco
/ lA/. T. HESS,
NOTARY iOJlilO AND ATi'uRNEY-AT-LAW.
! Tenth flour, ftcH>tn 101 Clau« tipreciiel!* tiidg.
Telephone Brown si3l.
Residence. &21 California »1., below" Powell.
Pan Francisco.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFiC MIXTURE,
: For the cure of Gonorrhoea. Gleets. Strictures
1 and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Grneratlon.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wilt's Indian Vegetal Pill?
Art acknowledged by thousands of person*
' who hav> used them for forty years to cura
PICK HEADACHK. GIDDINESS. CONSI l-
PATION, Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach, Pim-
ples And purify the blood.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL,.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
CaM, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until "2 o'clock every nliht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; op-?n until 9-0 o'clock.
800 Haves street; open until '3:3o o'clock.
mn McAllister street: open until 9:80 o'clock,
OS Larkin street: open until 9:33 o'clock.
J941 Mission street: open until 18 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until ? o'clock.
IC?6 Valencia street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until !> o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K.
T.. Masonic Temple. Post and M.rat- "flffi*
romerv streets.— Regular assembly- irji
THIS -(FRIDAY) EVENING at 7:SO W
o'clock Order of ed Cross. All fra- "
lei "%?R :N . Commander.
■ SIR HIRAM T GRAVES. Recorder.
YKRBA Buena Lodge of PirfPCtlon^No. .^
1.-Stated meeting THIS EVENING at £"
S o'clock. f\
GEO, J. HOBE, Secretary. t&Qy
OCCIDENTAL Lo.'ge No. 22. F. and A. «
M.— THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at -Jt,, j
7:5.) o'clock. First degi By order ot J^}\ j
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O. F. .j^cy^v
—Initiation FRIDAY EVENING, #g v ".
Oct. 6. S:"0; drill 7 o'clock. Visit-
Ing brothers cordially Invited. '"",'
D. A HODGHEAD, N. O.
W. F. NORCROSS, Rec. Sec.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledo- v >j.
nlan Club TIMS EVENING at S9k Uvb
o'clock nt Scitti«h Hal!. 117 Larktn "tMtx*
st. ANGUS MrLEOD, Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary.
ETOCKHOLDERS" MEETING— is here-
by given that the annual meeting of the
stockholders of the l?.ink of California
will be held at the bankinr hou*e In this
city, on TUESDAY. October 10, 1599, at 11
o'clock a. m.
ALLEN M. CLAY, secretary.
fan Francisco. September 2:.. 1890.
ACCOUNTANTS.
B. K. BALLARD. 4^l Cal. St. designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms; ref.
. ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor. Chron-
icle bldg.: no advance charges; all cases; e.s-
t&tee. mortgages, damages, collections, bank-
ruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate fees;
call of write.
LAW and Loan Co. Capital $100,000:
prosecute or defend lawsuits in all courts on
contingent fees: employ able counsel; loan
money on my kind of security. Advice free,
by mall or at office. 214 Pine St., room 64.
ADVICE free; divorce taw a specialty: private.: j
no fee vrithout success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD, 935 Market st, opp. Mason;
c ocrultatlcn free; moderate fees.
CLARA FOLTZ. attorney at law, Crocker
bldg.; tel. Black 71: practices in all courts.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. ?27
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
NAGLE & NAGLE, attorneys at law, Emma |
Spreckfrls building. ">27 Market st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 921 Market st. opp. Mason.
BATH CABUTETS IHi:iiMAL.
THE R( bine n 4-panel bath cabinet, folding
like a screen: one panel opening as a door;
call and see It; descriptive booklet free. W.
S. BROWN, general agent. 426 Ellis st.
BICYCLE REPAIRS-
THOS. H. B. VARNEY, Market and Tenth,
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD X.ND ROOMS.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant, makes advances at
lowest rates on valuables of all descriptions.
A NEW private family hotel; first class in de-
tail; under Eastern management; new and
artistic decorations and furnishing through-
cut: rooms may be selected after October 1.
The fid Stever.son mansion (opposite Grace
Church), with annex. SO7 California st.
EDDY, 724. near Van Ness aye.— Two gentle-
men wanted to occupy handsome front !>aiiur,
with board; rates reasonable.
ELLIS 607— Well-furnished frcnt rooms, with
ijood board; bath; telephone; gas; piano.
MARKET. IS2O (Las Palmas)— Suite of 2 or 3
rms. ; private; bath: sin. rms. ; board optional.
O'FARRELL, 712— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
POWELL. 30r» (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites
nnd single, vith or without board.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
"WIDOWER with little girl desires board and
lodging In private family, where little girl
will receive good care; terms must be reason-
able. Address box 463. Call office.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
CHILDREN'S home: mother's care; $5 month-
ly^
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS 1 night and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co., 704 Mission st, near Third.
BOOTH ANii SHOES.
CHLDS. shoes, 50e; yths. lace shoes, 8.1 c; lad.
ties. 75c; lad. shoes, $1; men's working shoes,
$1 25; m^n'p dress shoes, $1 35; mail orders so-
licited. People's Shoe Store, 1303 Stockton.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — HOTEL of 120 rooms, office, bar, dining-
room, etc.; established for many years with
large patronage; in very best pan of this city;
close to Market and Kearny; this first-class
paying property must be sold at once; books
open for inspection; price $8000. Particulars
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— slsoo; TRANSFER corner grocery and bar;
doing a rushing cash store and bar business;
low rent; rare chance; other business compels
owner to sacrifice; investigate at once. H.
G. WILKE, 506 Market st
A— SISO— HOME bakery and notion store, with
3 living rooms; rent $20; on Buchanan st.
R. G. ILKE. 906 Market St. *
$350; BAKERY in live country town, 70
miles from city; a first-class paying business;
call soon; a rare opportunity. K. G. WILKE,
906 Market st.
A— : ■"♦: DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
el.: rent $35; first class; paying. Call WILKE,
SC6 Market Et.
A— JSJO— CORNER grocery and bar. with living
rooms; rent $15; daily receipts $18; best loca-
tion in Mission. R. G. WILKE. 905 Market.
A— l6oo RESTAURANT and oyster parlors;
Choicest location; rent $35; daily receipts J2S:
meals not less than Be; bargain. R. G.
WILKE. 908 Market st
X— ffiaO; LAUNDRY route; clears $100 a month;
good horse and wagon. KREDO & CO., 22' J.
Geary Ft.
A— s3so: ROAD house, near flourishing town;
cheap rent; good business. KREDO & CO..
22' i Geary st.
A— s2oo; BRANCH bakery am notions; $5 to $10
daily: nic/ rooms. KREDO & CO., 224
Geary St.
$300— BRANCH bakery; fine location: 4 nice liv-
ing rooms: reasonable rent: present owner
there many years; cheap. M. LESS, 7C5 Mkt.
CORNER branch bakery In the Mission;
. 4 living rms.; receipts from $12 to $14 per day;
rent cheap; old estab. M. LESS, 765 Market,
$100— SALOON; to-day only: downtown among
factories; bargain. M. LESS, 755 Market st.
$600— FIRST-CLASS delicacy store: bargain this
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
JSOO—CANDY Ftore: bargain; going East cause
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN &_CO.. 777 Market
RESTAURANT on Market Bt,; bargain this
day. COWING & CO.. 996 Market ft.
A— S3OOO— RESTAURANT: north Market; best
In city; bargain. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
WANTED— for complete invention: gr?at
chance to make big money. BASILS. 3 Eddy.
$1800— French bakery: fine bus.: 4 horses, 3 wag-
ons. 11 fum. rms.: low rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
WELL-APPORTIONED. paying restaurant,
good location, at sacrifice; would take part-
ner; other business, ALFA CO.. 986 Market.
A— GRAND opportunity for an active man:
small capital quired; business clearing $125
per month. 917 Market st, room 2.
TAILOR shop; complete: S years' standing: 4
living rooms and kitchen; completely fur-
nished: stock of new and second-hand cloth-
ing; owner going back to old country. 1133
Devlsadero St.. near Butter.
WOOD and coal yard, sheds, etc. : excellent lo-
cation: rent $12. R. J. MONTGOMERY. 470
Thirteenth St., Oakland
FOR sale— and cigar stand; 2SIO Green-
wich st., Presidio; soldiers' trade; reason
sickness.
FOR sale— An extensive livery business. Ad-
dress box ill. Call office.
CIGAR store; water front; must be sold; pro-
prietor deceased. Apply 227 Battery Ft.
DELICACIES store; fine chance for man and
wife; rooms and garden. Apply 106 Ninth st |
BUSINESS CHANCES—
LAW & LOAN CO., Inc.— Capital $100,000; will
invest your money on approved and guaran-
teed securities, paying monthly 1 per cent
net Interest: will prosecute or defend lawsuits
In all court* on contingent fees; employ able
cor.:- advice free. 214 Pine st, room 64.
FOR sale In thriving town of Ban Mateo,
candy, icecream and soda and creamery busi-
ness ;■ delivery wagon and horse; sold on ac-
count departure. Address V. S. HOWARD,
■ San Mateo, Cal. •
FOR sale or exchange for a small ranch near
country town — A good paying saloon, with
six living rooms upstatrs: lons lease: ter-
minus of car line. Box 2313, Call office.
FOR rent on downtown corner; large light I
basement Cor saloon and billiard hall: rent
very low. Inquire WM. lIENDRICKSON &
CO., 014 Call building.
PRACTICAL chemist has several patentnble
devices; moneyed partner wanted. Address
box 435, Call office.
GROCERY and saloon for sale: well stocked;
old established business. Apply at premises
southwest corner of Turk and Pierce Ft?.
BARBER shop— Grand opportunity; shop fur-
nisi completely: good trade: cheap for
cash; sickness. Box 445, Call office.
WANTED- Partner with $500 to buy Inter in
best-i>y,«ng business in the world to-day. Ap-
ply L. [•'. r.44 Ninth Bt.nt once. |
! $75— FOR sale— Bakery; 3 living rooms partly j
I furnished; fine place for small restaurant;
rent $l(t. 1614 Pacific !=t.
$?,,M>_ll r anoh bakery: location: large stock;
receipts $10 to $12: living rms. Jones, 565 Mkt
FOR SALE Fine grocery and bar; Post and
Devlsadero st. ; for one week.
A PAYING fruit store for sale; Investigate-. 48
Severn st; city.
PRIVATE boarding house; 20 boarders; IS
rooms: Fill full; north Market Box 1345. Call.
DRESSMAKING place cheap; corner: cheap
rent; good reason for selling. ]Cfi4 Folsom st.
LIQUOR store, old established corner; West-
ern Addition. Box 425, Call office.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE.
743 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento St.
GOOD paying Inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office^
FOR sale— Good paying inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale One Columbus trap, with shafts, one
or two seats; in excellent condition; also one
bay gelding horse; weight 950 pounds; suit-
able for buggy ; good traveler, sound, kind,
gentle and in perfect condition. Apply MUR-
RAY'S STABLE, San Rafael, or 329 Sansome
St.. room 15.
FOR Bale An elegant carriage team. Address
box 467, Call office.
DELIVERY wagon carrying 1 ton; 1 buggy,
pood as new; made here. SHAW. 1621 Market.
' ALL kinds of wagons. buggies, cans, harness,
etc.. cheap. EOAN & SON, "117 NTs? 1 ■ -•
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom it.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
send to HPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 853 357 Tehama St.; tel. 8 40.
CITY Steam carpet- Beat mc Works. G. H.
STEVENS, msr., 36-40 t>th st ; tel. South 260.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co.. "for
health." 342 McAllister st: phone South 146.
. J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
45S Stevenson Ft.: tel. South 225: lows! rates
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Butter st;
tel. Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor,
CARPETS cleaned nt '' per yard; laid at Ic.
STRATTON'6, 3 Eighth St.; t*l. Jemlt 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpel Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
ft.: cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate nve.: tel. East 129. '
~ CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning ar.d Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blesslnr; a sure
cure for poison oak, SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory, '-'' Spear st.
i.I.AIKVOYANTS A>X> >i 1 UALIS.M.
MEDA HOSKINS. 1423 Market st. bet. 10th
and 11th— Sittings dally; circles Monday even-
ing and Thurs-day, - p. m.
MRS. ROBINSON. 1423 Market st., bet. 10th
and 11th— Sittings daily; circles Tuesday
ever and Friday, 2 p. m.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant, card
reader; satisfaction guaranteed; fees 2">c and
50c; hours 1-6 and 7-10 p. m. OIL"-.- Eddy st.
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night, 8:lu; sittings
daily, Ito 4. IKOfi Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MME. MOREAU, the. best medium and card
reader; Ciic up. 73 Fourth Ft, near Mission.
ATTEND Mi Dunham's circle of truth; 2 and
S p. ra. 14 McAllister, r. 35; admission inc.
C. V MILLER materializing trumpet seance
S p. m.. 25c. 409 Leaven worth st.
MRS. HARLAND'S teSt circle to-night; sealed
letters read, 10c; business readings, $1. 34 6th.
MME HANSON, palmistry. l c: card reader;
past, prt-yent. future, 25c. 141 Sixth St., r. 12.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, trance dcv. '-. 2-S p. m.,
25c; test to all; readings. 335 McAllister.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
25c; reading by mail. $1. 5 Seventh st.
J. ZIERA, the best fortune teller, has love
charms and tells lucky day 2",3 Third st.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c; daily. 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m. ; Sun., 7to 10 p. m. 105 Larkin st.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
Sittings daily. 212' 7 Sixth St.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
MME. LANGE, queen of clairvoyants. 1167 Mar-
ket. bet. 7th and Bth; fee 25c up; satisfaction.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 314 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pag»°, In \vrr.;i:^r. for mailing. $1 per year.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FIFTEENTH, 1876, near Dolores— bay-
window cottages. 5 and 6 rooms; large base-
ment; yard; cheap.
$6— COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms and stable;
water free; sunny side. 327 Hearst aye.
SUNNY cottage, 5 rooms, bath; large yard;
flowers. 742 Capp rt.. near Twenty-third.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
leas successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. BIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St., over Ca'.e Ziinkand— Teeth extract-
ed, without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gum.-.: the best rind most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from ,'oc;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain: see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate: fillings, BOc; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set, %'<: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bide., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. a to 2
p.m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M D.. Manager.
lii:. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 397 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
I OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc., 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and . c uni!: 850 Market
MEYER— Deutscher Xahnarzt, C Turk; lst-class
work: prices reas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE. r. 211 Examiner Bldg.;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
. YOUNG, 1341 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to nr.'' address In the
United States, postpaid, ' '' SI per year.
DREBSBLAKKRS AND SEAMSTRESSES
WANTED— LadIes to learn to cut. design, make
their gowns; satisfaction guaranteed; pupils
can make gowns while learning; rend for cir-
cular. MRS. LIVINGSTON. 530 Sutter st
8. F. Dressmaking. Ladies Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 303 Van Ness.
PARISIAN , dressmaking. 357 Geary; dresses
I made $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, OCTOBER (?, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
lIEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st., S. F. ;
practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 60-page catalogue free.
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market st. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: funny rooms; low rates; .day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey.assay.archi. :day and even.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, eteam. graphics,
etc.; circulars and specimen lesson papers;
evenings. 2040 Sixteenth st.
LADY, experienced high school teacher. Uni-
versity graduate, teaches In families. 934
Adeline *t., Oakland. N
M. O. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instruct*
in shorthand; pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad. ; French. Spanish, |
$2 mo. 530 O. G. aye., r. 8-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAW Schools. !>27 Market S. F.. and 90S Broad-
v.ay, Oakland: day and ni^ht: correspondence.
PIANO and Germ#n: pupil "of Conservatory of
Lelpslc: lemons 75c. 320 Golden (late aye.
"EXPANSION" the order nt DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. SOS Larkin st, opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arlthmetlo.grammar, writing;
day and nisit; terms low. 1U24 Mission, 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage raid.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 42C Powell, nr. Putter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds j
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
GERMAN laundress with beet of private fam-
ily reference wishes a situation this week.
See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 gutter st.
2 FIRST-CLASS German cooks, one splendid
German nurse, also a Scotch nurse, wish
situations; best of references. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
REFINED, educated French lady desires a po-
sition in a respectable family as French and
English governess. Call or phone to MISS
DILLON, 315 Sutter st , phone Main 804.
TRUSTWORTHY American woman desires a!
position as housekeeper In a mining camp or |
In a small family; good city reference. MISS
DILLON, 315 Putter st: phone Main SO4.
A COMPETENT German cook and housework
girl wishes situation; 3 years lant place:
country preferred. Apply MISB CULLEN, 32u
Hutier st. ; phone Grant 120.
GERMAN lady wishes a position as cook In
American family; competent In all branches;
best referenoM. Bos 416. Call office.
2 WOMEN, good references, wish office clean-
Ing or as attendant! In physician's office.
Address 60S I'owpll st.
LADY would like a situation to do chamber-
v.ork or any kind of house-work. Address 357
Clementina ft, near Fifth.
GERMAN girl Wishes a situation at general
housework and cooking. Please call nt 2301V4
Mission st. ___^_____
ELEVENTH, 231— A seamstress that makes
children's clothes and all kinds of sewing
would like to get work; TOO day.
GIRL wishes position to assist In housework.
151 Silver st.
LADY wishes to keep house for widower's
family. Address 1033 Valencia st.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home, call at 150 Fourth st, room 7. Ist floor.
WANTED— Position as second girl: wages $23;
best of references. Address box 4SB, Call.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes n situation to do
genritl housework. 1725 O'Farrell st.
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels: low Interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant,
GOVERNESS wishes position; refined German
young lady; 10 years' experience in teaching;
thorough musician, piano and vocal; also
German and English branches; country; will
travel; reference. Box 4:iv. Call.
REFINED young Christian lady wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper for widower's family.
Address Housekeeper, 311 Van Ness aye.
EXPERIENCED nursery maid, graduate of
kindergarten training school, desires posi-
tion: excellent seamstress. Box an Call.
YOUNG girl Just left school wishes a situation
to take care of child; will sleep home. Call
1305 Greenwich St.
HOME wanted with a refined family where
good Judgment In home management is de- I
sired by a woman of kind disposition and
love for quiet, domestic life; reliable refer-
ences. Address box 426. Call office.
SWEDISH girl wishes position to do second
work; wages $15. 63 Rausch Ft., between
Seventh and Eighth.
COMPETENT German woman wishes posi-
tion as chambermaid or will do general
housework; sleep home. Address 132 Clara
st. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: '"' to $1 10 night: $1 50 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from terry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- ]
leneia st. ■■ ■■-"• |
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call. ■
16 pages. Ip wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
YOUNG man of 22, a High School and Normal
graduate, desires a clerkship of some sort; a
moderate compensation expected. Address R.
M., box 14, Call offlca.
WANTED by reliable all-round man. handy
with tools and engineer, best of reference, a
position. Address or call at 1139 East Nine-
teenth St.. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class poultry
raiser as foreman, worker, or take it on
shares. Address 431 Pine st.
YOUNG man would like a position as fireman
on small engine and boilers. Box 2166, Call.
CHINESE first-clans cook wants situation
in private family. Inquire GIN KIM, 842 Du-
pont st.
GERMAN man and wife want to get -work In
a hotel or lodging-house; city or country;
man good porter: wife good chambermaid;
can give good references. Address box 436,
Call office.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener desires
Bltuatlon In private .place; can milk; handy
•with tools; temperate habits; good references.
Address P. LUND, 360 Seventh St., Oakland.
MAN and wife desire positions; man as first-
class gardener and wife as first-class cook;
good wages expected. Address box 442, Call.
YOUNG man, 20 years of age, would like work
in grocery or wholesale house. Call or ad-
dress Ir.CSU Franklin st.
WANTED — Position by graduate In pharmacy;
registered in this State. Box 489, Call offlca.
WANTED— Position as foreman In shop or on
building by thorough woodworker and
draughtsman. Address box 486, Call office.
WANTED— Position by competent and experi-
enced engineer; best references. Address box
429, Call office.
I WANT a position to do a little work as school
boy In family. 520 O'Farrel! St.
GOOD all-round printer desires situation; city
or country. Address box 421, Call office.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. HARRIS, 15 Grant.
COMPETENT hotel cl»rk, young, active, mar-
ried, first-class hotel experience, wants per-
manent situation: city or country. Commu-
nicate with box ?271. Cnll office.
THOROUGHLY experienced bookkeeper Is
open for a good position ; ask to see refer-
ences. Address box 470, Call office. :;
BOOKKEEPER and general merchandise sales-
man; ten years' experience; object to buy In-
terest In business if satisfactory. Box 2385,
Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ">een established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071,6 Market St.. San Francisco: exam, free.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting. 10c per yard; linen warp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed.la!d and lined.
50c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1312 Stockton st. nr. Broadway.
FURNITURE of 5 rooms used three months;
very reasonable. At 1731 Mission st.
4 ROOMS tarnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
$5000 CARPETS, furniture, etc.; highest price;
postal. COLEMAN. 1125 Mission st.
ALFRED VvOLLPERT. 773 Mission Bt, pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets. furniture.etc. : highest
price paid; postal M. Silversteln.ll2l Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS TO LET.
A— sloo,ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches, Jew-
elry, pianos.- UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant aye.
BRANNAN, 422, near Third— Sunny upper flat
of 4 rooms; newly cleaned; rent $10; water
and cellar free.
CLAYTON. 572, south of Frederick—
sunny flat; 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FINE lower flat of 7 room*? and large bath-
room; new house; flue finish; 2 patent closets;
large porch; yard; also concrete basement;
cement floor; rent $20. 132 Second aye., bet.
California and Lake sts.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 5 large sunny rooms and bath; rent
. reasonable. 3(543 Sacramento St., cor. Spruce.
FOURTEENTH. 728— Flat of five large sunny
room and bath; off of New Market.
MODERN flat, 7 rooms, bath; rent reasonable.
735 Ellis st.
NOE, r>flr>. NE. corner Nineteenth— Lovely, up-
per sunny modern 5-room flat, with store
I room:. $17: water free.
I VALENCIA, 1533— Lady will rent part Of sun-
ny furnished flat to adults; references.
$20— LOVELY sunny rooms; gas; water; bath.
210 Elm aye., nr. Van Ness and Golden Gate.
rUllßl_lt>, FUKS. JSTC
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrakan yoke«, $10 to
W. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
11 - I.l* WANTED— FEMALE.
A LAUNDRESS and chamberwork; $25 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A— GOOD middle-aged woman, housework, Sa-
linas, $20, fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
A— _ WAITRESSES and chambermaids, $30
each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A— BOARDING-HOUSE cook, $35 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HEAD waitress and crew of girls for first-class
country hotel. See proprietor this morning
at C. K. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st.
■ 5 WAITRESSES first-class commercial hotel;
country; $25 and $20.
2 first-class chambermaids, country, $20;
laundress, plain washing, country hotel; 4
ironers for country laundries, $10 per week;
4 waitresses, arm work, first-class city res-
taurant, $7 week, for next week, call and
secure place.
2 ladles' tailors, $ir. week. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
8 WORKING housekeepers, $16 to $12; 3 nurse-
; girls, $10, $12, $15; 2 second girls, $20; 10
Scandinavian houseglrle, city nnd country,
$20 and $25: German nurscglrl, $20; nursery
governess, $25; young girls, $10 to $15; ranch
cook. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED— country hotel, $35; cook on
ranch, $30; English nurse, $2.">; 4 French and •
German second girls, $20. $25: second girl, I
laundress, $25; 8 waitresses, city and coun-
try hotels, resorts, restaurants. $20. $25, and
$7 a week; 14 German and Scandinavian girls
to cook, plain wash. $25 to $35; 4 German and ,
Irish nurses. $20; 4 board Ing- house rooks, $25; ,
laundress. $20; 60 girls for housework in city j
and country for American ami German fami-
lies. $15, $20, $25. J. F. cROSErrr &. eo., 316
Sutter st.
WANTED— $20: country; nee lady nt
in a. m. ,T. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
SECOND girl, l>20; cook, $25; woman with a
child $10: houseglrl, 2 In family, $20; second
girl, $15; 2 nursegirls. 115 each; housegtrl,
Oakland, $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Butter st
WANTED— 2 waitresses, country hotel, $20; Ger-
man woman for country, $18; 1 waitress for
country. $7 week. FEILD'S Employment
Agency, SSS Clay st.: phone Davis ML
WANTED— A thoroughly reliable American
middle-aged woman to care for children and
flo plain cooking; small family; moderate
wnices. Box 414. Call office. _
COOK and girl to care for children and second
work; mother and daughter, Bisters or friends
preferred; dairy; two hours from San Fran-
cisco. Address C. M. 8., Olema. Marln Co.
WANTED— young ladles; apply this a. m.;
salary; light work. News stand, narrow-
gauge depot. Fourteenth and Webster Btß.,
Oakland.
PRESSER wanted; only experienced need ap-
ply. HUDSON RIVER CLEANING AND
DYEING WORKS, 403 Butter st.
WOMAN or girl for general housework and
cooking nnd plain washing: 3 In family. 773
Clayton st., near Frederick.
WANTED Young girl to assist In light house-
work; sleep nt borne. Apply 272 Fifth st.
ready for work: Mnall wages.
"WANTED— Lady canvassers for a weekly Jour-
nal; good money for right parties. Box 417,
Call office.
WANTED— girl to assist in housework
nnd care of 2 children: $10 per month. Apply
after 8 a. m. at CSO Castro Ft.
WORKING girl can have room free; company
for lady. Call 2937 Twenty-fourth st
WANTED— Experienced chambermaid. 321 El-
lis hi.. The Rosedale.
FIRST-CLASS hands for dressmaking. 8 j
Salem place, off California st, below Stockton.
EXPERIENCED hands to make ladles' wrap-
pers at home. STEUER, 103 Battery st.
HONEST and reliable girl for candy store and
light housework. 1306 Hayes st.
WANTED— good waitress at 607 Clay st.
WANTED— A neat girl for housework; small
family. 124-5 O'Farrell st.
GIRL wanted to assist In housework. 1737
Suiter st.
COOK; must be sober, have best of references:
good wages; call early. 704 Larkin st.
GIRLS'. GIRLS'. GIRLS'.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 324 Fremont St..
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
LOANS on diamonds' and jewels; low Interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
EXPERIENCED forelady for white goods
factory: permanent. BAUER BROS _ CO..
21 Bansome st
GIRL or woman to assist In housework; good
home; wages, $8 50. 531 Page St.
WANTED— young girl to mind baby. 129
Olive aye., near Van Ness aye.
WANTED— girl for cooking and house-
work; no windows to clean; wages $25. Call
2007 Devlsadero st., forenoon or after 6 p. m.
COMPETENT Scandinavian girl that under-
stands cooking and housework. 317 Lar-
kin st. '
YOUNG girl: light housekeeping; good home.
.Call 521 Haight St., after 9 a. m.
COLORED woman In lodging-house; sleep
home. 36' i Geary st.
IRONER wanted in factory on ladles' and
children's wear. 123 Market St., room 35.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye. - . ■
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
A BRANCH of lice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
HELP "WANTED — MALE.
WANTED rTTTTTTrrTTT.Trrrrrrrrrrrrri
Driver for milk route In city, reference re-
quired, $35 per month and found; plain
painter and paperhanger for Institution near
city, $30 and found
Man to can tomatoes for Institution near
city, $30 per month and found
Farmer and ranch teamsters near city
$1 and $1 25 per day
-Woodsman, crosscut sawyers, swampers, etc.,
$26 to $35 and board; stableman for city, $25
and found, and 100 others. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay st
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton st— Cook, $12 a
week: 2 nipht cooks, $35 to $40; waiters, $33
and $1 50 a day; barkeeper, $40; lunch counter
man, $35; farmer and wife, $50; 3 teamsters on
ranch, $30; man for private place. $20, etc.
MAN and wife, country, $50; see gentleman
here to-day. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sut-
ter st.
4 TEAMSTERS, country. $30 each; 8»e gentle-
man here to-day. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323
Sutter st. ,
WANTED— Harness-maker. $40: 2 blacksmiths.
$40; 1 blacksmith's helper, $30; camp cook.
$35; 6 ranch hands, $26; 1 choreman, $20: 20 ]
men. B. P. Ry. Co.. free fare. FEILD'S Em-
ployment Agency. C 55 Clay st.
MAN and wife as cook and foreman: must un-
derstand ranch Work; $C 0 per month; see lady
here 8 o'clock. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife to work on ranch. $50; see party
here at 1 o'clock. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
WANTED— Experienced men's clothing sales-
man: references. ROOS BROS., 25 to 37
Kearny st.
WANTED— solicitors for a weekly
journal; first-class men with references. Box
418, Call office.
COOKS wanted— Two flrst-class cooks for train
work en route to South Dakota, Call 2836
Baker St.. evening, 7 to 9.
EXPERIENCED German driver for baker
wagon; must have good recommendations.
11l Larkin st.
FIRST-CLASS presser on ladles' tailor suits at
A. CAILLEAU'S, 114-116 Kearny st
HELP WANTED— MALE. *
COMPANY W0RK.. ............. ..FREE FARE
25 laborers for track laying; gang at Ma-
dera
$1 75 a day; board $4 SO a week.
SHIP THIS AFTERNOON.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
C. R. HANS EN & CO., 104 GEARY.
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
30 2 and 4 horse teamsters for railroad work;
S. P. R. R., Los Angeles and Santa Barbara
branches; ship Saturday; free fare. Apply
now at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary st.
10 CARPENTERS FARE PAID
For flume building, 2 months' work, ship
to-day
Wages $3 a day; board $4 10 a week.
C. R. HANSKN & CO.. <104 Geary st.
FOR THE SANTA FE R. R FREE FARE
Tunnelmen $2 JO a day j
Teamsters $2 a day
Laborers $2 a day
Board $4 50 a week
Ship this afternoon
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOR MADERA FREE FARE
..TEAMSTERS FOR RAILROAD WORK..
SHIP THIS AFTERNOON
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
10 SCANDINAVIAN men, $30 to $35 and found,
. steady work, see boss here. '
35 laborers near city, $2 a day; 25 teamsters
and laborers, city, $2 a day; mechanics
Bollir-makers $3 75
Riveters *3 75
Rlv.t heaters $3 08
Blacksmiths v $3 00
Carpenters " $3 00 i
Bench hand, planing mill $3 00
C. R. HANSKN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FARMER and wife, $50 and found, see boss
here; gardener and wife for private place,
country, $50, see boss here ; 6 8-mule team-
sters for a ranch, $30 and found; 3 ranch
teamsters, near city, $26 and board; 20 woods-
men, Mendoclno Co., $2* to $33 and found,
see boss' here,, fare advanced; 2 Swiss milk-
ers, Santa Barbara Co., $25 and found and
fare advanced, see boss here; stableman,
country stable, $30 and found; 6 stablemen,
city, $25. $30 and $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
COACHMAN with good references; private
place; $35 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
PORTER, country hotel. $20, see boss here;
porter and drive 'bus, country hotel, $20;
second xiorter, country hotel, $20; bell boy,
good references. $17 50. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. _____^
HOTEL AND RESTAURANT DEPARTMENT.
Meat and pastry cook, country hotel, $60;
baker and pastry cook and assist on range,
country hotel. $50; 6 second cooks, $60, $45
and $35; 4 restaurant cooks, city, $10 and $12
a week: 3 restaurant waiters, $7, $S and $9 a
■week; bntcher and slaughterer, country shop,
$35 and found, nee boss here; 20 dishwashers,
potwashers and veeetablemen, $20, $25 and
$:!u; vegetableman, $20, and kitchen hand, $20,
for spring hotel.
LAUNDRY HELP
Washer, country laundry, $40 and found;
washer, hotel laundry, country. $35 and found;
marker and distributor, $40; plain ironer, $25.
c. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary et.
NIGHT engineer and electrician for a hotel
plant; $55 to $60. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
ENGINEER and electrician for country saw-
rail!, $100; edgerman for sawmill, $65. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK; small country hospital, about 15 per-
sons. $35 to $40 and free transportation. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Ranch cook, $30; restaurant cook.
$10 week; broiler, $10 week: waiters, city and
country ; dishwashers and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 carpenters for mine. $3 50 day; 5
miners $40 and board; 2 laborers for mine, $1
day and board: farmers, $26; choreman, $20;
lumber piler. $26; vegetable gardener, $1S;
stableman. $30; 3 shoemakers, $1 70 day; 2
men to pull beans, $1 day and board: 100 la-
borers and teamsters for mills, mines ana
quarries. $2 day; driver for coal wagon. $2 25
day, 5 drillers, $2 25 to $2 75 day; men and
wives; carpenters, short distance, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Errand boy for this office. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Butter st.
$75 PER month can be made by reliable man:
permanent place; light work: must have small
capital. 1032 Market St., room 4.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; $4 60.
1284 Pacific st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
Corner Golden Gate aye. and Hyde st.
GOOD barber wanted Saturday from 11 a. m.;
wages $2 50. 905% Howard st. -
TWO barbers wanted. 217 Fourth st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; wages $4.
2CO Third St.
GOOD barber; Friday afternoon and Satur-
day. 623 Clay st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 556 Fourth
street. .
2 COATMAKERS wanted at 635 Kearny st. ;
call early.
DRUG store boy wanted; one who has worked
at the business. Apply 460 Montgomery aye.
15 CARPENTERS, Mare Island, for finishing
work; $3 day. A. DAHLBERG, 31S Bush St.
BOY wanted at 1406 Bush st.
WANTED- Bedmaker at Dewey House, 32
East st.
WANTED— A boy in confectionery. 1503 Geary
street.
STRONG boy wanted. Apply at 174 Townsend
strep t.
WANTED A strong boy who understands
pressing or is willing to learn. 31^ Geary st.
WANTED— Good cook; cozy restaurant. 1005
Valencia st.
WANTED — Good bootblack; steady employ-
ment. 609 Larkin st.
GOOD cook wanted; call early: wages $10. Ap-
ply 1507 Market St.. near Eleventh.
WAITER wanted. 613 Clay st.
ELDERLY man to do shores around bakery.
1139 Folsom st.
DISHWASHER. 11S9 Oak St.
OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought;
highest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS. X.Grant.
WANTED— Men to work on grade of Valley R.
R. ; fare one way if employed 10 days; new
management; no discount on wages; reason-
able board. Apply to E. M. CARR. Pinole.
LABORERS wanted for work at Point Rich-
mond; wages $2. JAS. A. McMAHON, 210
Spear St.
WANTED — A messenger boy. Apply In own
handwriting, stating age and give references,
Postoftlce box 2045.
CUTTER wanted at L. HOROVITZ'S. 751 Mar-
ket st.
MALE presser wantod at L. HOROVITZ'S, 751
Market St.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In eight
weeks; only Institution teaching the tonso-
rlnl art; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat. Wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for Illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler*B Barber College. 633 Clay st.
— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo sta-
tion, on Valley Road.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. 150 large
rooms; 2Sc per night; $1 to $2 per week.
CARPENTER with shop (power preferred) can
secure Steady work. Address box 469, Call.
FIRST-CLASS men for brickyard. South San
Francisco, San Mateo County.
WANTED— Foreman for distributing and
marking room. Oakland Laundry Co., 690
Twenty-ninth Ft., Oakland.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8.
V BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard St.
FIRST-CLASS carper wanted. Apply at
BADER & FINCKE, Fifth and Bryant.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor, 721 Market st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
COO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
CUSTOM coatmakers and barters, either by
' piece or week. 541 Market st .
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices, $1
a week. N. Y.\TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny st.
. . . ___ __
JEWELERS. 328 Bush St., room 4, third floor.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply after 9 a. m. to
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Market st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 304 7th: tel Jessie 152.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresper. Apply box 2272. Call.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 406 McAllls-
ter st. ■ .
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read, rm.
TRY Acme House. 95" Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
HELP WANTED —
MURRAY ft READY PHONE MAIN 5543
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANTED TO-DAY AT 7 A. M.,
Help for Utah, Oregon, Washington, Hawaii-
an Islands, Arizona. British Columbia, all
parts of California. ,
59 farm hands $35, $30, $26. $20 and found
52 milkers $30 and J25 and found
15 hay balers $3 50 day
16 harvest hands $2 50 to $1 50 day and fu.
25 chore men. boys for farms, factories, learn
trades, manufacturing companies, etc., $30,
$26. $25, $20, $15, $10 and found V,"""",:
20 men to pull beans, fare $1....J30 and found
Cheese makers, butter makers Machinists
2 men handy with tools »1 '•' day
12 boys for a city manufacturing company to
learn" trades, $3 50 to $6 week.. . ... •"••■■•••;■::
STABLEMEN hDGbKMAN
27 stablemen, city and country, $50, $45, $40,
$30, $25 and found :-.:
i I'Mgeiman. fare paid, see boss here.... .....5<«
12 plow teamsters, fare $1 50.. .130 and found
25 section R. R. hands W and found
DRILLERS, TALLYMEN ... „. .....
26 single and double hand ♦- '•> aa
Corner men. bench hands, muckers etc......
Slate splitters, blockmakers, cabinetmakers,
3 tallymen to grade good (umber, *•■■: /_•> la-
borers for a barrel factory ♦} «j <"*•>
6 stone and concrete masons t?J.Sq
....BLACKSMITHS. PATTERN MAKERS....
9 blacksmiths $60, $15. $30 and found
pattern maker for a mine ♦» «J aay '
2 grill iron workers -» l ay ,
wheelwrights, wood turner •••*_■ '; :i *
22 teamsters, rare 55c V.;",.."i'\ y
643 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED../..
186 laborers and teamsters for all parts ot
California. $3. $2 75. $2 50, $2 day. Come see
! MURRAY & READY, 634 and 638 Clay st.
77777777777. AN YBOISY~CAN DO TH15............
6 waiters for railroad camps. $2.. and found
2 waiters for mines $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
12 CARPENTERS, "sawmill company —$3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL, LAUNDRY. BAKERY. ETC
18 cooks, 1 camp cook •• •
$65 $(."0, $53, $40, $30 and found ■
14 waiter? '. $*>. $25, $20 and found
19 dishwashers $30, $25, $20. $15 and found
C porters, bell and elevator boys ••
7 laundrymen and pantrymen, $30 and found;
coat maker; broilers, second, third and fourth:
cooks, 2 first. 4 second; third hands ana s
boys to learn baking trades, $40, $30, $<!&
$20, $15 and found: 5 cooks and wives or men
together, $65, $55, $30. $40 and found. .
ABOVE places are for hotels, restaurants, pri-
vate families, saloons, mines. boarding-
houses, institutions, ranches, railroad camps;
come and see us. MURRAY & READ\. 634
and 636 Clay st. ;
BIG WAGES.. J MINES i 37 MINES
2 men to run underground cars iW
15 laborers, fare $1 50 (no experience) $60
35 laborers, fare $3 50, silver mine.. $37 found
26 laborers, fare $2 50 $52 and found
16 laborers, northern mine $«>3
63 laborers (no experience), $57 per month,
with board and lodgings •■••
14 miners $2 25. $2 50. $2 75 day
GREAT CROWDS.. MURRAY. & READY,
GOING DAILY 634 and 636 Clay St.
NOT CONTRACTORS'
BUT COMPANY WORK
25 laborers. Inside work (no experience re-
quired). $2 to $2 75 day, fare 75c, steady Job;
25 laborers manufacturing company, fare 60c,
$60. MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
WE SHIP YOU FREE V.WU
TO EVERY RAILROAD
in California but one; drillers, hammersmen.
laborers, stone masons, teamsters, etc. ; wages
from $3 50 day; board and lodgings $4 50 week-
ly (we do not ship to Coast Railroad.) MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FARE LOS ANGELES DISTRICT
Teamsters and laborers $2 day!
MURRAY & READY, 034 and 636 Clay st.
SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH FARE $17 50
50 coal miners, boss at our office, $3 50 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 63d Clay st.
FRUIT and grape pickers, fee $1. fare $1; j
564 men and boys, anybody will suit In age. j
$30 per month and found; large packing and |
drying houses. 80 to 90 days' work, $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Cl ay st.
7777 MARRIED HELP WANTED
Farmer and wife, no other woman on ranch,
fare $1 50, $".5 and found: nan and wife for
:nlr.en (no experience), $35 I
gardener and wife 3 milkers and wives; |
6 farmers and wives 5 cooks and wives, !
$60, $53. $50 $40, $30 and found, Come and see i
US. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 036 Clay.
PUBLIC WORK BY COUNTY SUPERVISORS
12 laborers, fare $1 60, 6 months' Job, $2 25 day;
12 teamsters fare $1 50, 6 months' Job. $2 day.
MURRAY &■ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARES SHIP TO-DAY
To 27 sawmills, woods, in beautiful Mendo-
cino Humboldt, Santa Cruz. Sonoma, Fresno,
Shasta and 15 other counties. 254 laborers, j
men to learn to run machines, etc.; $26 to $40 j
and found; ("no experience required"), you
will suit; woodmen, sawmill men. tiemakers,
hoppers, Picket makers, etc., by the
hundreds: $. 0. $*5. $80, $75, $60, $50, $40, $30 and
found MURRAY & READY. 634 and 836
Clay st- _
FOR AN IMPORTING AND EXPORTING
company — 13 Germans, Swedes or Scandina-
vians fbr a manufacturing, company, $25 to
$35 and found, free fare; boss here. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
20 LABORERS, board yourself where you like;
Job In San Francisco $185 and $175 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
777 , in "SAX FRANCISCO
174 laborers and teamsters, some manufac-
turing companies, $2 30, $2. $1 75 day. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
77.77.~.g00d .1' »BS READ them
Harnessmaker, R. R. outfit, $35 and found;
$40 and found. 5 strong men as deok hands....
foreman, section hands $2 50 day
5 blacksmith's helpers. 4 camp blacksmiths, j
$2 50 a day and $40 and found; tool sharpener I
for a mine $75
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and]
Fiibscrlptlcns has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. ;
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WANTED— 1200-lb. horse for delivery;
must be cheap. Box 1417. Call.
HOUSES — LODGING FOR SALE.
ioiEDo^^cTrr77rrr777!7?7T7^2' 2 geartTlt! j
Money to loan on all houses.
18 rooms; new and elegant; a snap $1100 '
11 rooms; all rented; cheap rent; corner. 223
12 rooms; housekeeping; Van Ness aye... 030
88 rooms; Market St.: part cash 1200
53 rooms: sunny corner; new 3500'
9 rooms; near university, Berkeley:
boarding 373
Many others; call for list. , KREDO A- CO.
— HOUSE. IS rooms; 3d st.. nr. Market; rent
$40; must sell this week. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy st. ; new cash buyer dally. I
$1600— SNAP: Co rooms; fine location: all rented;
rent $100 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms: all rented: near
Market st.; rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
$650— Philadelphia House. 421 Bush St.; 4S fur-
nished rooms; gas and water In every room.
$800 BUYS So-roomed lodglnghouse: central; ac-
count of sickness. Bos 2171. Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
MORRIS aye., 57, near Bryant St., bet. Fifth
and Sixth— 7-room house, newly cleaned; rent
$15.
9-ROOM lodging-house, with private entrance
in rear; newly painted, papered. 313,4 O'Far-
rell St., near Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
WASHINGTON, 2415— House of 9 rooms and i
bath: desirable location. Apply on the prem-
ises from 11 to 12 daily or at LANDRY C.
BABIN, 413 Kearny st.
TO rent— 9-room lodging hous*; rear entrance;
newly painted, papered. 313^4 O'Farrcll st
$20—7 LARGE rooms and bath, yard and base-
ment. 1308 Valencia St., near Twenty-fourth.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St
ADVANCES at lowest interest; private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED cottage. 6 rooms, bath, near
rark. $32. GF.O. W. H. PATTERSOIN &
CO.. 1706 Market st.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— house of 12 rooms, east
of Van Ness aye. ; references. Address box
413, (all office.
LOST AND FOwND.
Passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of THOMAS DOWNS, No. 188—1297;
finder will please return to bank.
$5 REWARD; Irish setter dog. 1302 Folsom;
evenings.
FOUND— Yesterday, a dog wandering in Roos
Bros.' Apply in furnishing goods department.
LOST— Monday, family: photo; finder return to
1447 Stockton St.; reward. CHAS. LOUIS.
FOX terrier, black ear, black spot on back,
lump on hind leg; reward. 1507^4 Franklin st.
MONEY to loan: quick; all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH, 220 California at., r. 7.
MASSAGE. ___________
MASSAGE; gentlemen treated" residence. D.
SULLIVAN. 215 Kearny st. : hours. 4 to a p. m.
MEDICAL.
A~STmCTLY~prK i c^fTneinent .home, ; sunny
rooms- best of care: nice garden. DR. a.nli
MRS. WEGENER. phone Pine 2751; residence,
1312 Golden Gate aye.
DRS. GOODWIN, lady's rt»y»$ a »tj5 r
of 401 Van Ness aye. and 1362 Market si.,
now at 118 Eddy st. one block from Market.
DR POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37" years. 31S Kearny st; consultation free. _
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor: hours 9 to 5.
MRS ALLEN, ladies' physician. 228 Van Ness
aye.. bet. Hayes and Grove: 9 a, m. to 9 p. m.
MRS DR. WYETH. ladies' physician; consul-
tation free. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS DR. GWYER. ladies' physician. 510
; Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. IDA VIES, ladies' physician. 122S
Market St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body, lln Mason st.
MIXING AXD ASSAYING.
FOR SALE Gold half or more. N. R.
G.. box 2>i:i. Call office.
MIXES AND MIXING.
FIFTEEN hundred shares of stock for sale
In a paying gold mine at $1 per share; will
advance to $.". within six months: owner need-
ing money badly must sacrifice; purchaser
may deal with owner direct. W. F. ARAM.
Mill? building. .
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Bth
floor. Mills building. S. F. : tel. Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, office furniture, store ana or-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
BARS counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
8 HOISTING engines, 3 steamers, 5 locomotives.
110 cars and all machinery formerly used on
the Eureka Breakwater. J. B. JARDINL, i£»
Fremont st. ,
A NICE diamond stud for 1 $30; • worth $50.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant
FOR SALE cheap in one lot, 20 choice cows;
2 bulls 4 yearlings and 2 calves; part regis-
tered Jerseys; cattle on Sunnyslde Farm. San-
ta Cruz; also 5 horses. D. B. WOOLF, Su-
preme Court, San Francisco.
GENT'S solid gold hunting case Waltham
watch; stem winder; chain and locket; bar-
gain. Box 481. Call office.
BOX of stone-cutter's tools to be sold cheap at
24 Verona place, off Third at.
FIVE buildings to be removed, Clementina and
First sts.; lumber and firewood for sale. In-
quire Of EDW. K. PEARSON, 1231 . Folsom
st. Telephone Jessie 1933.
COMPLETE fixtures for 4-chalr barber shop
for sale cheap. 874 Washington St.. Oakland.
FOR sale— 25x137:6; south side of Golden
Gate aye., bet. Laguna and Octavia ats. ; In-
come $40. Address J. B. FRENCH. NW. cor-
ner of Ellis and Broderirk sts.
2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc., for sale
cheap; old houses bought, removd. 8 Valencia.
FOR sale— The Edison Dancing Doll; a won-
derful toy. Apply 449 Bryant st.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN, 648 Mission, pays good commission.
COMPOUND condensing 'Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stavenson at.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
Fteamers residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St., S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. tel. Main 5056.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
second hand: carriage engines. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO., 1309 Mission st., near Ninth.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, »i 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus: bargain list No.
16 now ready for mailing. 100 Montgomery st.
SAFES and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 in.: gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
DRESS pants $2 7.": "line suit, $10; MISFIT
CLOTHING 'PARLORS. 513 Montgof.-r;- st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— hire, 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. F.lmhurst.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
OLD geld, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co.. 11? Montgoartery.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
ewe a balance on the purchase price we will
ray it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire: avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call CS-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market at.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, life insurance: strictly
confidential: advice free. G. E. OLSEN, room
16, first floor. Chronicle building.
AVOID delays: try .ill others, then see me;s"oti
$1CO.C0O; 6 per cent: Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages;estates In probate, undivided interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought ; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Markt.
LAW and Loan Co. Capital $100,000; loan
money on any kind of security; prosecute or
defend lawsuits in all courts on contingent
fees; employ able counsel: legal advice free by
mail or at office. 214 Pine st.. room 64.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alam?da at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 84G Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
•where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 1.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential
BONKLLI. Conservatory bide.. 130 Powell st!
ONE to twenty thousand on approved security.
G. W. HAIGHT. 401 California st.
MONEY to loan; quick; all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California st.. room 7.
LOANS on furniture, pianos, Jewelry, stock; low
rates. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow -money on dia-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL.'IO Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note wlth-
out Indorser. MORRELL. COO Examiner bide.
$50 TO $:>0,000: lowest rates- Ist and 2d mortgs ■
ny proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal • no
commission ; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lcjorser. TOUSLE Y. 592. Parrott blsr.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos' for lit
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are th«
same as if purchased for all cash; bargain*
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 anil
15 per month SHERMAN CLAY & CO
Stelnway dealers, corner Xearnv and Sutte'i
ets. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous«
west of Chicago l a KOHLER & CHASE I
a .'. 2 o and 30 O'Farrell B t.; pianos organs ami
all other musical instruments of all grad»»
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; Every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
A FEW GOOD BARGAINS. "
ChickerinK, Curtaz, Stelnway, Steck- condi-
tion good as new; easy Payments. BENJ.
O'Farr^U st. Whickering agents, 16-18-21
S n ;V jL u E, rl ? ht for *I°°: HemmP& Long $175~
it lb^L^Ais^^ r M & ar S k°e?- .g 8 * *» *»«»'"'
'^S^^L^^^S M-arkVs?
A lO. e FFo a n d bui!S£g y UPright; half * rlce - *°°*
ext "K h rnla C Cg
i G^ s sop o r s 'sYo-r'XgV wyaX? s cm >MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A— ?S5 UPRIGHT piano In line condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Pteinway upright; also the famous
Hurnung Bros." pianos. 216 McAllister st.
:< HMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
WAXTKD-2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
t-uns. BYRON MAUZY, 808 Post st.
KXABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
IXIt & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. "
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER; maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES LET.
FOR rent or for lease, 953 Howard St.. large
ftore and large concrete basement.
OFFICES AND STORES To Let.
NEW corner store and 3 living rooms and
yurd; good location: rent $13. R. J. MONT-
GOMERY, 47'J Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
PALMISTRY.
MME. XEERCAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. (iIS Geary St., above Jones; classes;
ofllce hours. 1 to 8 p. m. ; reading by mall. SI.
PERSONALS.
E. MARSHALL— Letter for you at general de-
livery. CH. G.
A NEW method for the permanent removal of
•■superfluous liiiir without electric needle and
all kinds of disfigurement of the face, by the
M well-known DR. POPPER, 31S Kearny st,
CHILDREN'S best kangaroo school shoes. Sac;
lads' stylish lace orbutton shoes. $1 23; men's
shoes. SI; tend for price list. People's Shoe
Store. 1303 .Stot ktcn st, nr. Broadway.
PRETTY blue-eyed baby girl for adoption; 7
months old. liox 477. Call. :
FRINGES, I raids, beads ami Jewels made to
order. ETTINGER'S. 723 Market st.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlc*. Hair Tonic is not a
hair dye— nourishes the hair and is very bene-
ficial to it. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.-
LKDEKEK, the popular hairdresser, charges !
but 25e for latest hair styles: he uses Schuf- ,
lier's Colorine for dyeing the hair, only ii 50 1
to $5: price 75c box. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOOXE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter'st., Laws a Specialty
Pan "ranclsco, CaL American and Foreign :
Send for circular. I Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT cf imported and dome»tlc rem-
r.an:s for suits to order. $10 75; pants, }:> 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St.. under St Nicholas Hotel.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought, I
t.<ld, exchanged. 525 1 iupoi St., m CaL
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester I
Hotel, 44 ThirJ et.. near Market; 700 rooms; >
25c to $150 per night: 51 50 to 16. per week; ,
free 'bus and bagpratrp to and from the ferry.
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at
Pnlace of Art, 16 Post st. Ladies with escorts '
admitted from 8:30 p. m. to 11:30 p. ra. E.
HAQUETTE. ; I
MRS.L.J.WHEELOCK ha? removed La Verlt«
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered,
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH, 30S Sixth st.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CIU'RCH. 307 Sansome et.
"BALL-BEARING" sewing machines; no fric-
tion. White Sowing Machine Co., 3'o Post St.
MME LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
frcm O'Farrell to 112 Eddy st.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure par-
lors. 23S Kearny St., first floor, rooms 1-3.
JAMES A. SORENSON, watchmt-ker and jew-
eler, moved to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
LAOIiMAX & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Keary st.
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free.
Pr*. Mansfield & Porterfleld. S3S Market st.
HIRSUTINE Co.. hair specialists, crow hair
or no cay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off, cloth-
Ing, call on B. COHEN. 1.7 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
U-;n: guarantd. Dr. Gordin, 614 Pine, ab. Kxny.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 18 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
ca t a jigue free, r-p.l. Camera Co.. 22 Gfary st.
PHYSICIANS AM) SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONXELL, office and residence,
:02m Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— To join ownership of rented ranch; |
with some cash. H., 1024 Sixth st.
. I
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
£) CASH to-day will buy 6 lots worth $2000.
Address Owner, box 445, Call office.
PROPERTY redeemed; money advanced for
improvements: sale guaranteed in 10 days;
cash offer in 24 hours; no expense; no delay.
P. A. 1 m (LAN. 636 Market St.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to - 11 them,
toll, on W. J. GUXX. 410 Montgomery St.
FUR SALE— 2 cottages, to be removed. R.
DOYLE. 2506 Howard Ft.
HEAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale [
$lFSrr^volrrTTs7^a
Lot 10-')x2i»s, corner San Leandro road and
Rose «t.. in Fitohburc; new buildine, con- i
taining store, salocn. 7 rooms, all improve-
ments; in perfect order; fine garden; stable \
and warehouse; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant
roadside resort; mupt be sold: account sick- i
n e(;s nf ownt-r. Apply on premises to C.
CLUXDT; San Leandro electric car passes
door; al?o branch ofllce Call. Oakland.
TO lease — Contra Costa County, on San Pablo
('rr-ek, 8 miles from Berkeley, 1150 acres; well
watt-red, wooded; 250 acres pood grain land:
balance excellent pasture: suitable milk gr
stuck ranch: railroad facilities. In person
R. E. ROWLAND. Orlnda. Park.
FOR SALE— Chicken and duck ranch, near
city; lease of ground, with privilege of buy-
ing same. Address G. H., box 430, Call.
FORTY-ACRE home; all requisites. Address
X. L.. box 443. Call office.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
IF you're short borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CHESTNUT, 203, corner Dupont— i or m re fur-
ni^he-i rooms, complete for housekeeping, with
bath.
CLAY, 2421, In rear, near Flllmore— 2 unfur- |
nished upper rooms; water; rent $7.
EIGHTH, 24R, near Market— l sunny double
front !*rl<irs, with kitchen and bathroom;
furnished for housekeeping; private family.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping 3 connect-
ing. $13; also si:.. '" to |7.
FOLSOM, 733— Housekeeping rooms and double ;
rooms, $2 up; single rooms, $1 up.
GEARY, 3S4— Suite of sunny furnished front
rooms and kitchen; $22.
GEARY, 5J6 — Xlce sunny suites for housekeep-
ing; double and single rooms; phone.
GOLDEX GATE aye., 1410— Finely furnished
every conveniences; nun and bath; $25.
EDDY, 817— Nicely furniphed housekpg. rooms!
splendid location; private res.; no children.
HOWARD. 1144— Nice sunny suites for house-
keeping; running water.
- . -
MINNA, 28— Sunny front housekeeping rooms.
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. — Two large sunny
bay-window rooms; mantels; light housekpg. j
VAN NESS. 1021— Finely furnished sunny I
suites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038 Va-
lencia Ft.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Unfarn.
A^BRUNSWICK* HOUSED 148 j Sixth- Rooms
2..c to $1 per night ; $1 25 to fS per week and
g light : housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike bouse; modern service; elevator-
t bath : rooms 50c to $1 60 day. MRS.' J. king!
AT 52 Second St., double rooms for week $1 50
to $3; single. $1 to $1 50; day, 26c to 50c." |
BURNETT, 142 C Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
r rm;., suites, single; also unfurnished. j
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— bunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms: $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
ELLIS, 321 (Ropedale House)— Xlce rooms 25c
v night, tl a week up: reading room.
EXCELSIOR House, Si< Turk. cor. Taylor—
manct.; sunny front bay-wind, rms. ; trans' nt.
GEARY HA— Handsomely furnished suite; also
single rooms; reasonable; transient.
GEARY. 406 (The Navarre)— Comfortable (urn !
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYEIt!
GRAND SOUTHERN— cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or i
eingle; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator. |
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family I
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. . i
ROOMS TO — lurn. and Vnfurn.
HAVES. 671— Nicely furnished room for young
lady or gentleman with or without board;
terms reasonable. • ••
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HUGHES HOUSE, 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to 50c per night; Jl 50 to $3 per week.
HYDE, 232— Nice sunny furnished rooms to let:
reasonable- ■
MARKET, 1530*4—2 sunny rooms to let; $4 each
per month.
MINNA. CC7. corner Eighth— Newljv furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week: transient.
••NEWPORT," 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win, rms. and single, $5 up; also hskps.
OAK, 3Ss— Nicely furnished sunny room; private
family; gas, bath: cheap.
O'FARRELL, 504— Neatly furnished rooms;
gas; running water; bath; single or EUltes;
reasonable.
O'FARRELL, C37— Large room, suitable for 1
or 2 gentlemen; private family.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks 118 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD. ?,03— Housekeeping rooms, $2 per week;
also single rooms for men. |
THREE tunny housekeeping rooms; 1 McDer-
mott place. 'Apply at 43 Sixth st.
TURK, Large corner alcove room; run all
day: overlooking Jefferson square.
i VAX NESS, 904— Elegant sunny alcove and
i other room; quiet, central and private.
' A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS AY ANTED.
MARRIED couple want nicely furnished rooms;
German family preferred; references. Address
box 746. Call office.
BY 2 young men, strangers, in private family;
not over flO a month. Box 459, Call office.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pp.irlrs nt lowest rntes. 20.1 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up:
pointing done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
NICE private home in confinement; most rea-
sonable price in city. Mrs. M. Pfelffer, mid-
wife, 2012 Folsom, nr. 16th; phone White 1344.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 41 Montgomery ft . r ms 9-10: tel. 8520.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offic*. 101 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SNAP — New House, 8 rooms and bath; lot 60x
150; good location; 5 minutes' walk from gta-
tlon. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapln.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— ln the best part of Berkeley, house
of 9 rooms* new; all modern improvements;
large lot. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate,
adjoining Postoftice, Berkeley.
1 TO let— Furnished house of 13 rooms; 6 acres
of land: carriage house, etc. Apply JOSEPH
J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining Post-
office, Berkeley.
FIXE level lot handy to trains, schools, etc.,
for sale cheap on easy terms by O. G. MAY
ft CO., Berkeley, cole agents for Shattuck
Tract.
FOR SALE — residence site; corner Vine
and Spruce, bet. Vine and Cedar, North
Berkeley: outlook on bay; very desirable for
1 me; gardes, orchard; any amount. Terms,
owner. HEMEXWAY. 1518 Spruce.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET./
FOR rent, . in desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
stable, chicken-house and large yard: con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J. R. LITTLE, Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SUNNY modern cottage; large rooms; flowers;
fruits, chickens; handy to school, local trains;
easy payments. MRS. A. GOODRICH, 1178
East Sixteenth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath; barn; 688
24th. Inquire R. Franke, 1622 Grove; rent low.
OAKLAXP FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BKALBERG— In West Berkeley. September 29,
1599, to the wife of R. J. Skaiberg, a daugh-
ter. ■: ■,:»-■•'
ST. SURE— In Alameda, October 5, 1899, to the
wife of A. F. St. Sure, a son.
TOOMEY— In this city, October 5, 1899, to the
wife of Gerald G. Toomey, a daughter.
MARRIED.
FAZAKERLEY— STOWE— In this city, Pep-
tember 19, 1899, by the Rev. Frank S. Ford.
Ernest John Fazalcerley and Genevra Rose
Stowe. both of San Francisco.
LARSEN— MCCARTHY— this city. Septem-
ber 28, 1899, by the Rev. O. Groen.sberg,
Charles .1 Larsen and Mamie McCarthy.
PETERSON— HELSEM— In this city, October
4, 1899, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Christoffer
Peterson and Reglne J. Helsem.
RI>X>R KILER— In this city. October 3, 1899,
by the Rev. Frank S. Ford, Eldert A. Rizor
and Mabel E. Kller, both of San Francisco.
PETERSON— In Alameda, October 8.
1899, by the Rev. W. Brandes, Henry Wil-
liam Roth and Isabel M. Peterson, both of
San Francisco.
SCHERWOOD- LACROUTES— In this city Oc-
tober 2. 1899, by the Rev. W. S. Urmy, D.D..
Winneld S. Scherwood and Annie Lacroutes,
both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Abrams, Donald E. Jones, Sarah R. • .
Algeltinger, Anna M, Jovovich, Lazar
Baronldlß. Norman J. Kirk. Terese G.
Buhllnger, Rose E. McCarthy, James H.
Cahill, Elizabeth A. Maguire, Bridget
Connor, Dennis Maharan, Martin
Cosble, Frederick Maione. John '
Davis, Julia . Norton, Sarah
Davis, Tillle O'Donnell, Connell
Gaynor, Mary Owen, Ann E.
Goller, Emma M. Rodle, May
Grossman,' George Ryan, Thomas
Johnston, Henry Taylor, Mary E.
AIGELTIXGER— In this city, October 5, 1599,
Anna Maria, beloved wife of Charles August
Algeltlnger. and mother of Charles, George
Aand Edward Aigel tinner, Mrs. Henry Christ-
iana n and Mrs. Emlle Kuschel, a native of
TJaden, Germany, aged 78 years and 1 month.
(Manitowoo County, Wisconsin, papers please
copy.)
CC/"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1774 Ellis street, between Steiner and
Pierce. Interment private, <; Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
ABUAMS— In this city, October 5, 1899, Donald
I". , beloved husband of Mary Abrams, a na-
tive of Ontario, Canada, aged 35 years and 3
months.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
HLNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
SO Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SA
1
N. F. Dethlefsen. Chas. H. Jacob.
CHAS H. JACOB & CO- t'h o eTa r tV y Kit
Snook. Funeral Directors and Embalm-
ers, Sis Mason street, bet. Geary and
O'Farrell streets. Telephone Main 5213.
McflUOY at CO., 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
, 1233 Market St., between Bth and 9th. 5
Telephone South 247. . I
!■ ■"■■'■ ■ uiifwn»nmwii«i»iiii— b— — ,
THE SAN FRADS CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6. 1899.
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2319 Mission street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo'l Church, Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
Of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric car.
BARONIDIS— West Berkeley. October 5,
18W, Norman James, beloved son of Georg-
ians*; and the late Dr. George M. Baronidis.
a native of West Berkeley, aged 13 years and
10 months.
BUHLIXGER— In this city, October 4, 1599,
Rose Eva, dearly beloved and only daughter
of Joseph and Jacobine Bunlinger, and sis- i
ter of George A., William F. and Oscar O.
Buhllnger, a native of San Francisco, aged 25
years and -■• days. »
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the. residence
of her parents, 138 California avenue, be-
tween Virginia and Fair avenue. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CAHILL— In this city, October 5, 1899, Eliza-
beth Ann, beloved wife of John Cahill,
mother of Eugene, Joseph and Margaret Ca-
hill. and sister of Patrick Francis and Eugene
Joseph Daley, a native of New York City,
aged 41 years.
(TT'Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors of McGinn Bros., 31
Eddy street.
CONNOR— this city, October 3, 1899, Dennis
Connor, a native of Ireland, aged 50 years.
(C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
COSBIE— In this city, October 5, 1599, Fred-
erick Cosbie. beloved husband of the late
Catherine Cosbie, brother of William and
Hugh Cosbie, and father of Mrs. George
Pierce and William 11.. F. Ersklne. Mary
and Grace Cosbie and of the late Abble Cos-
bie, a native of Ireland, aged 66 years 10
months and 1 day. A member of Valley Lodge
No. TO. A. O. U. W.
ICFunernl to-morrow (Saturday), at 10
o'clock, from the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city, October 5, 1899, Julia, be-
loved wife of Walter H. Davis of Lovelock,
Nev.. a native cf Austin, Nev., aged 2S years.
DAVIS— In the City and County Hospital,
October 5, 1899, Tillle Davis, a native of
Michigan, aged 34 years.
GAYNOR— Id this city, October 4, 1599, Mary,
widow of Patrick Gaynor, and sister-in-law
Of John F. Crosby, a native of County Gal-
way, Ireland, aged 65 years.
[CTFrlendfl and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 80 Hermann street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
GOLLER— In this city, October 6, 1899, at her
residence, 1423 California street, Emma M.,
beloved Wife of Henry J. Goller, daughter of
Mrs. F. M. H. Pomeroy and the late Julius
T. Pomeroy, and sister of J. Edgar Pomeroy.
a native of San Jose, Cal., aged 36 years and
7 months.
Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 2
o'clock, from h»r late residence, 1423 Cali-
fornia street. Interment private.
GROSSMAN— this city, October 8, 1899,
George, beloved husband of Maria Eva Gross-
man, and father of George J. Grossman. Mrs.
J. Koch and Mrs. G. de Luca, a native of
Alsace, aged 75 y<*ars and 3 months. A mem-
ber of Golden Gate Lodce No. 204, I. O. O.
F. . San Francisco Lodge No. 1, and member
of Grand Lodge, O. d. h. S.
tT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock,' from his late resi-
dence, 112 Jersey street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, and thence to Odd
Fellows' Hall, where services will be held
at 2 o'clock, under the auspices of Golden
Gate Lodge No. 204, I. O. O. F. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JOHNSTON— In this city. October 4, 1899,
Henry Johnston, beloved father of Frank B.
Johnston and the late Mrs. .1. Perlgo, a na-
tive of County Klldare, Ireland, aged 85 years.
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Fort Point, thence to St. Sebastian's
Church (Presidio), where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
JONES— In this city, October 4. 1599, Sarah R.
Jones, beloved mother of A. Dumar, John 11.
Jones, Mrs. Emma Chandler, Mrs. Nelia War-
ner, Mrs. Hattie Tilghman and Mrs. Pauline
Goodman, a native of Baltimore, Md.
JOVOVICH— In this city, October 5. 1899, La-
zar Jovovich, beloved uncle of Spasoje and
Andrija Jovovich, a native of Kemeno, Aus-
tria, aged 63 years. .■■••■■
'Funeral notices to be- announced later.
KIRK— In this city. October 5, 1899. at her resi-
dence, 3244 Twenty-first street, Terese Graf-
fain Kirk, widow of the late B. B. Kirk, and
mother of J. Eugene and Edwin P. Kirk and
Mrs. A. W. Bell, a native of Camden, Me.,
aged 80 years 9 months and 11 days.
(T^The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the
funeral narlors of H. C. Bunker Co., 8666
Mission Met, Mission Masonic Temple. In-
terment private.
MCCARTHY— this city, October 5, 1899,
James Henry McCarthy, beloved husband of
Catherine McCarthy, and father of Irene,
Kate, Pallie, James and Charles McCarthy,
a native of Washington, D. C., aged 40 years
an 1 2 months.
E7Notice of funeral hereafter.
A. O. U. W. — To the members of Prosperity
Lodge No. 309, A. O. U. W. : You are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of Brother James
H. McCarthy from his late residence, 1224
Vallejo street, to-morrow (Saturday), at 8:15
o'clock. M. W. FREDRICK, M. W.
R. H. McPHERSOX, Recorder.
MAGUIRE— this city, October 5, 1899, Brid-
get, loved "wife of the late Patrick M;igu!r<\
and mother of Thomas and John Maguire, a
native of County Cavan, Ireland, aced 65
years.
I "Remains at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street.
MAHARAN— In this city, October 4, 1899, Mar-
tin, beloved husband of the late Mary Ma-
.haran, and father of Mrs. George McKenna,
Mrs. Mary Langley, Mrs. W. Savage, John
Peter Martin and .the late Michael Maharan,
a native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
G7 years.
(□^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:l5 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
thence to St. James Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock,. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MALONE— Crescent City. October 5. 1890,
John Maione, father of W. F. and John Ma-
lone Jr. and Mrs. Bertsch, and uncle of Mrs.
A. Mason, aged SI years 11 months and 1 day.
NORTON— In this city, October 4, 1859, Sarah
Norton, beloved aunt of Mrs. T. Norton, Mrs.
William Lennon, Mrs. J. Cunningham and
John Norton, a native of the parish of Drum,
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged SO years.
Remains at the parlors of James Mc-
Menomy & Son, 1057 Mission street, near
Seventh.
O'DONNELL— In San Rafael. Connell O'Don-
nell, beloved brother of Ella O'Donnell of
New York, a native of Ireland, aged 56 years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), from the parlors of Edward Eden,
thence to St. Raphael's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
v > repose of bis soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
OWEN— In this city, October 4, 1899. Ann Eliza-
beth Owen, beloved mother of Mrs. William
R. Hastings and Frank, Charles, Ferguson
and Annie P. Owen, and sister of Mrs. M. .1.
Bodwell. Mrs. George W. Harlow and Sam-
, uel J. Proctor, a native of England, aged 63
years 5 months and 27 days. C-^r';
RODIE— In this city, August 5, 1899, May be-
loved wife of John Rodic, daughter of Ed-
ward ai:d Maria McCaffrey, and sister of
John. Annie, Agnes, Katie, Edward, Rosle
and Daniel McCaffrey, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years 2 months and 16 days.
JC?"RemalnB at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street.
RYAN— In this city, October 3, 1899, Thomas,
beloved husband of Mary Ryan, and father
• of Mrs. Sarah Houston and Thomas, Mark J.,
Peter A. and Daniel M. Ryan, a native of
Tuam, County Galway, Ireland, aged 60 years
8 months and 2S days.
CT'The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1611 Vallejo street, thence to St.
Brlgld's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TAYLOR— In East Oakland, October 5, 1599,
Mary Elizabeth, beloved wife of James W.
Taylor, and mother of George C. Taylor and 1
Mrs. Ida F. Chaffee, a native of San Fran- ;
cisco, aged 45 years 3 months and 19 days.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Clara R. and James M. Taylor to Alfred
Olson, lot on BW corner of Noe and Hill
streets, W b<) by S 76:6; also lot on S line of
Hill street. 156 W of Noc, W 25 by S 114; Jin.
William and Annie M. Conn to Hvunboldt
Building and Loan Association, lot on E line
of Church street, 2.'>:fi N of Valley, N 25 by E
■
•1 Campbell to Jose Thomaß Santos and
Murla Candida D(M Santos, lot on W line of
Sanchez street, 47 :3 Sof Twenty-seventh Btreet.
S 2i;3 by W 80; »10.
Joseph F. and Maud M (or Maud T.) Nolan
to Frederick H. Coon, lot on S line of Berry
Btreet, 183:3 X of S.-venth, E 45:11 by S 120; Jlu.
Ji.sorih F. Nolan to same, lot on BE corner
of Berry street. 183:3 NE of Seventh. NE 45 11
by BE 120: $10.
John O. Reis to Samuel Davis, commencing
at the corner of S. B. block 25 at Intersection
of Hubbell and Sixth streets, NE 91:8 by N\v
also lot on SE corner of Irwin street.
ls;i:4 SW of Oeorne, SW 4.1:10 by SE 137:6; also
all interest in S. B. block 25. bound'-d hv Hub
b-il, Irw'.n. George and Sixth street, quitclaim
deod: $10.
James R»an to Samuel j. Eva, lot on E line
of Texaa street, 75 S of Napa, S 25 by E 100;
tsoo.
Joseph L. and Rose A. Dumontter to John C
Spencer, lot on S line of Cement street, 30 W
of Fifteenth avenue, W 25 by B 100; JSO.
Mary B. Dewins to Sadie TUlev (wife of T
R.), lot on line of Twenty-third avenue luO
B ..f B street. S B0 by E 12D; (W.
Kstate of James O. Fair (by J. S. Ansnis, T
O. Crotben and W. S. Onodfellow, executors)
to Mathias Fries, lot on E line of Elsie street
440 P of Cortland avenue, R 25 by E 100, Fair's
Subdivision Holly Park; $10.
Solomon and Dora Qetz to John and Salome
Casty. lot on NE line of Brazil street, 75
NY» of Madrid, NW 25 by NE 100, block 29, Ex
celsior Homestead: $10.
Nils and Mary Thompson to G. C. F.
Schwarx, lot on E line of Shotwell street, 160
S ..f Fourteenth, S 2i by E 122:6; $10.
Jane Ackley (Spear), Charlfa F. Ackley and
Thomas A. Spear to Joseph cuneo, lot on E line
Of Kearnv street, 108:2% N of Greenwich, N
34:.-'-, by E 137:«: $10.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
(cpui sole) and Patrick W. Riordan to Mary E.
yon Schroeder. lot on SW line of Sixth street,
30 PE of Minna, SE 50 by SW 75, quitclaim
.'..M .1; $10.
Belle W. Sprague to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $10.
J. Donwney Harvey, Eleanor, Andrew D.,
Peter D. and Walter S. Martin to same, all ln
• in same; $100.
J. H. an. l .Mary E. yon Schroeder to Catherine
Callahan. all same; also lot on SE line of
Minna street, 70 SW of Sixth, SW 25 by SE 80;
$1000.
K. O. and Elizabeth M. Davis to Christian
Reis lot on B line of Tennessee street, 195 N
. N B0 by E 100; $2800.
Charles 11. and Ida Ford to Cora A. Lennon,
lot 1 n \ w corner of B street and Seventeenth
avenue, W 82:6 by N 100; $1100.
Isabel Campbell to Jennie S. Merrltt. lot on
W line, of Twenty-seventh avenue, 100 N of L
street. N 50 by W 120; $10.
G. J. Becht (bankrupt, by J. J. Cook, trus
tee) to American Improvement Company, lot
on N line of Twentieth street, 242:11 E of Stan
yan. E 50 by N 100; also property outside of
county: $25.
ls:.ae and Thomas Barnett to Gian Lucco
Pltto, lot on NW line of Delaware avenue, 80
NE of Seneca avenue, NE 80 by NW 237, lot 4,
block 31. West End M;.p No. 1; $10.
Mary Crocker to Adeline M. Easton, lot on S
line of Acacia avenue, 22:6 W of Ivy path, S
37:6, W 31:2-.. N 37, S 17:6, lot 1197, Laurel Hill
Cemetery; $10.
Mary, Charles T. and Jennie A. Crocker (min
ors, by Henry T. Scott and Charles E. Green,
guardians) to same, same; $100.
Estate Margaret (or Maggie) Harvey (by
Richard Harvey, administrator) to P. J. Moli
terno lot on N line of Allen street, 140 W of
Hyde. W 20 by N* CO; $SOO.
A H. Patrick & Co. (a corporationo) to Mar
tin Holje lot en E corner of R street and
Plxth avenue, SE 87:6 by NE 200, block 93,
O'Nell & H. Tract; $10.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Henry Bauer,
lot on NW corner of Gilliman and Bowdoln
streets. P\Y 107:8, NW 117:11. NE 107:11, SE
block i' 3, University Mound: $1.
Carson H and Amelia Hawley to Laurent
Scherrer lot on S line of Hayes street, 121:10%
\\ o t b lerick, W 50 by B UTT:ftJ $10.
Charles B. and Harriet A. Babson to Julius
C Tuudv lot on S line of Grove street, 159:4 Vi
E of Lyo'n, E 121:10% by S U2:R; $10.
Patrick Reilly to Joseph F. and Catherine J.
Reiilv lot on S line of Fifteenth street, Uu \\
of" Guerrero, S 100, E 30. S 100, W 45, NW - 5,
Ralph W. Briggs, Thomas B. and Josephine
H. Bishop and Frank T. Moagher to Thomas F.
and Elisabeth Barman, lot on E line of Bart
lett street, : " :■':.• S of Twenty-third, 525 by
E HO": $10.
Thomas H. and Katherlne E. McGulre to
Ellen V Kelly, lot on NW corner of Day and
San Jose avenue, W 56:9, N 36, E 70:11 V*, SW
88:Stt: $10.
Sophia B. Hnlght to Carrie Augusta Bran
nan (wife 6t John E.), undivided one-fourth of
lot on NE corner <>f Bush and Dupont streets,
X I C by N 77:6; 18000.
Same and J. E. Brannan to same, all of same,
quitclaim deed; $- r >.
Estate of Andrew Henebery (by John E. Cot
tle, ex( utor) to Albert Joseph, lot on S line of
Golden Gate avenue, 235 W of Leavenworth
W B0 by S 57:6; $4875.
J B. l^ewis to J. J. Raver, lot on SE line of
Sherwood place, 220 NE of Third street, NE
17:6 by SE 55; $10.
(ira.ee or Grace M. Koch to Frederick C.
Jnnssen. lot on SE line of Mission street, 175
NE of Sixth. NE 45 by SE SO: $10.
Adolph C. Weber to Frank Hospodarsky and
Louis Reiner, lot on NW line of Harrison
street, 137 :« NE of Sixth, NE 27:6 by NW 85;
$3000.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Margaret Adams,
lot on N line of L street, 32:6 W of™<lnth ave
nue, W 25 by N inn; $io.
Alnmeda County.
I Axel R. Cahling tn Hulda E. Cahllng, lot on
I W line of Hollis street, 200 S of B street, S 50
i by W US, being subdivisions C and D in lot 9.
block 791, Watts' Tract, map 2, Oakland; gift.
June Harry. Jessie and Alice Newton and
Mabel N. Bell to l'a.-ifi- States Savings, Loan
&• Building Association, lot on SE corner of
Broi klyn avi nue and the boulevard, thence SW
95.96 to station No.- 10, thence SW 426.70, SW
1>4.?'1 on a curve to the right with a radius of
100.62 to a point, thence SE 107.67, SW 1!". SE
141 to a point on N line of Hanover avenue,
c SW 647. thence NE on a curve to the
■ left with a radius of 610 feet to station 6 on
cuter or E line of the boulevard, thence NX
l:'L'.24 to station 7, thence NE 223.29 on a curve
to the rii:M with a radius of 215.60 to station
j S, thence NE 305.28 to a stake, on outer line of
Bald boulevard, then NE 4:;7.70 on a curve to
the left with a radius of 419. 54 to station 10
and polni to beginning. East Oakland; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Henry J McCoy, lot 109 iri plat 40, Mountain
View i Oakland Township; $S6.
James and Mary A. McManus to James C.
Baker, lot on SW corner of Third and Grove
streets. S 50 by W 75, being lots 15 and 16,
block 28, Oakland; $10.
Wiiliam A., Mary F., Martha G. and William
' C. Watts (a minor), by W, S. Harlow. com
missioner, to I'nlon Savings Bank, lot on S\Y
corner of Twenty-sixUl and Myrtle streets, W
B 89 block 688, Oakland: $1756.
Same to same, lot on S line of Twenty-sixth
street, 50 W of Myrtle. W 56 S 70, W 20, S 19,
E :.", N 89 to beginning, block 638, Oakland;
$c;i.
William H. Donahue (as administrator of the
estate of Constancia En.*) to Loulz S. Perelra,
I lot on NE line of East Sixteenth street. 150 SE
! of Thirteenth avenue. SE 10 by NE 150, block
■ 90, Clinton, East Oakland; 8899.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Sarah E. Frost, the middle third of lot 64 In
plat 40 of said cemetery, Oakland Township;
Eugene C. Pchuller. Freda and Eue-ene J.
Belruse to Arthur P. Booth, lot on N E corner
of Second and Grove streets, N 100 by E 75,
being lots 1 to 4. block 22, Oakland; $10.
Kate C. and Charles B. Gould to Ernest A.
Heron, lot on E line of Alice street, 100 N
of Thirteenth, N 50 by E 309, being lots 5 and
C and portion lots 9 and 10, block 195. Oak
land; $10.
Silvia Baker to Maria Fischer, lot on S line
I of Thirtieth street, 7." W of Myrtle, W 50 by
j S 34, being portion lot 24, block B. Golden Gate
Homestead, Oakland; $10.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to H. C.
Gould, lot on PW corner of Santa Clara avenue-,
s: n\v of Walsworth avenue, NW 70.88 S\V
150, BE 73.49, NE 150 to beginning, being: lot
11 and portion lot 10. block L, Linda Vista
Terrace Map 2. Oakland; $10.
H. Romiß to Walter F. Oxford, lot on S
line of Jones street, 319 W of Telegraph avenue,
W 31 by S 100. being portion Corrected Map
Jones Tract, subject to a mortgage of $2400,
Oakland; $10.
George M. and J. M. Mitchell to F. A. Losh,
lot on N X corner of "West and Twentieth
I streets, N 50 by E 100. being lot 1 block L,
I Curtis & Williams Tract, Oakland; $10.
Anna B. Pike to Harry V. and Helen V.
i Gelder, lot on S line of Twentieth street, 191:11
! E of San Pablo avenue, E Is by S 88, being lot
11, block 2002, Hogan Tract, Oakland: $10.
Louis Schubert to Katherine Schubert, lots
23 and 24. block G, Map of subdivision of
Knowles & Potter subdivision Kennedy Tract,
I East Oakland; $10.
W. A. and tsabelle Hunter to Harriett H.
Lawry. undivided *4 interest in- lot on S line
of Taylor street. 168 W of Peralta, \V 23 by
S 120, being lot 10, block 898, Oakland: $10.
San Francisco Mutual Loan Association to
W. T. Jlnkins. lot 11. block K. Amended Map
Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
M. H. and Mary P. Morse to Louise L. Mat
thews, lots 12, 13, and 14. block A, on Map of
Subdivision, portion blocks I, A, E and F of
Revised Man Prospect Hill Tract, quitclaim
deed. Brooklyn Township $10. .
■Warren and J. H. Glbbs to Jennie L. Thorp,
lot 12 and 8 half of lot 13, block 83. Map of
Stratum's survey of town of Alameda. Ala
meda.; $5.
John W. Kingsbury to Helen Pershbaker, lot
on E line of Telegraph avenue, 167 8 of Elm
street S 32. E 121. E 36, W 20, S 4, W 121 to
beginning, being portion of lots 4, 5 and 10,
block 11, Pacific Homestead, Oakland: also lot
beginning at SE corner of lands described in
deed by Justus Held to John W. Ktngsbury,
November 25. 1889, thence B parallel with Tele
graph avenue 12 inches, thence W to E line
of Telegraph avenue, N 12 Inches to SW corner
of land aforesaid, thence E to beginning:, Oak
land; $10.
Mary A. Gunn to Dolly F. 'Wright, re-record
491, d. 1. lot on N line of Isabella street, 500 W
of San Pablo avenue, W 25 by N 139:2%; Oak
land; $10.
Frederick and Kate Peterson to D. F. Oliver,
lot on S line of Thirteenth street, 75 . W of
Webster, W 25, 8 100, E 100, NW to beginning.
being lot 14 and - portion of lots 15 to 18, block
173, Oakland: $100.
First National Bank of Oakland to E. C.
Brldemann lot on N line of Twenty-second
street, 276 W of West'," \V 32:6 by N 100, Oak
land; $10.
D. F. and LUHe F. Oliver to Anson S. Blake,
lot 10, block E, Peralta Heights Homestead,
East Oakland: $10.
Nettie M. Holt to J. E. Barrow, lot on E line
of Choate street (or Telegraph avenue), 6.0 S of
Bancroft way, E 150 by S 70. being portion of
lot 8, block 10, College Homestead Tract,
Berkeley; gift.
Martha M. Porter to Glover Nuner. lot on N
line of Pacific avenue, 150 W of Willow street,
W 100 by N 150, being lots 5 and 6, block 11,
lands adjacent to Enclnal. Alameda; $10. J
Same to Albert M. Armstrong, 160 acres, be
ing the BW quarter of section 82. township 4
S range 2 E, Murray Township; $10.
J. M. and' Mary D. Bartlett to George C.
Church re-record 705 d 35, lot on S Una of
Sixteenth street. 160 W of Adeline, W 23 by
S 90, block 587, Oakland; $10.
Caroline D. Olney to Caroline M. Olney, lot
beginning nt point of intersection of line di
viding lots 4 "nd 5, block K. revised map of
Oakland Heights, with BW boundary line of
Oakland Heights Tract, thence NE 218.39 to
SW line of Perry street. SE 23.40, SW 214 to
beginning, being a portion of lot 5. block X,
Oakland Heights Tract, Oakland; $5. .. ■ •■
Amasa Brown to Augusta E. Gates, lot on.
George^- C. and Mary Church to Claude V.
Wlshart, lot on S line of Sixteenth street, 16G
W of Adeline, W 28 by S 90, block 687, subject
to a mortgage for 9SOOO, Oakland; $10.
Flora B. MacDermot to Edwin G. Folger, be
ginning at a point on the N boundary line of
lot 5. block L. Revised Map Oakland Heights,
distant f.2.06 E from NW corner said. lot, thence
E 14.742, S to N Chetwood street, , W to E
boundary line of lands of E. G. Folger by deed
of December 18, 1893,. thence N 259.315 to be
ginning, being a portion of lot 5, block L, Re
vised, Map of Oakland Heights, Oakland; $10.
Clarence C. Burr, Lucy B. Holman, Mary' N.
Allyne, John W. Allyne and Edmund C. Burr
to City of Oakland, lots E-758 and G-760 on
map showing lands to be taken for opening of
Commerce street, from E Twelfth to E Twen
ty-second street, Oakland; quitclaim deed: $21.
P. F. and Charles S. Western and J. B. Wal
ler et al. (by A. W. Bishop, commissioner) to
Lulie <\ and Lydla S. Hokomb, beginning at
the point of intersection of center line of Rail
road avenue with line dividing the Fitch and
Sharon Tract fr^m the Hihbard Tract, thence
H\V 240. SE 50:9, NE 240, N\V 50:9 to beginning,
block 2S, Town of Encinal, Alameda; $1070.
Joseph and Jauna H. Nevis to Joseph S. and
Rita F. Sanchas, lot on S line of Angela street,
100 E of Harrison avenue. E 50 by S 150, being
lot 41, Nevis Tract, Pleaeanton, Murray Town
ship: $10.
Felix and Delflna Marcuse to G. S. and C.
F. Howell. lot on W line of Chestnut street,
160 S of Thirty-second, I? 60 by W 127. being a
portion of block 665, Peralta Homestead Asso
ciation. Oakland; ?10.
Annie H. and George Furlong to Charles
Johnson, lot on N line of Fifth strPet, 125 E of
Alice, E 25 by N 100, being lot 26, block 59, Oak
land; $10.
William T. and Sarah B. Harris to Charles
H. and Nellie F. Carson, lot on S line of Isa
belle street, 550 W of San Pablo avenue, W 25
by S 139:2%, being the E 23 feet of lot 15,
Gunn Tract. Oakland; $10.
J. V. Webster to Nellie E. Clark, beginning
at the SE owner of block 738. at point of in
tersection of Willow and Sixteenth streets. W
190. N 120, E 190, 8 120 to beginning, Oak
land: $5.
Margaret Sprott to Anna E. Sheahan, lot on
E line of Telegraph aver.ue or Choate street,
95 S of Bancroft way, S 35 by E ISO, being a
portion of lot 8, block 10, College Homestead
Tract, Berkeley; $450.
Ann Dorinan to. Anna E. Sheahan, lot on E
line of Telegraph avenue or Choate street, 60
S of Bancroft way, S 35 by E 150, being a por
tion of lot 8. block 10, game. Berkeley: $450.
Mary E. Presbrey to Ada L. Ellsworth iwife
of John Ellsworth), lot on NW line ot Broad
way, B0 P from NE corner lot 44, Hays and
Caperton '4-arre lots, S 2:3, W 77:6, N 2:3, E
77:6 to beginning, Alameda; $100.
N line of Seminary avenue, 177 E from E line
of county road, Oakland, to San Leandro,
known as county road No. 1525, E 50 by N
161.80, Brooklyn Township; gift.
Alice Hillpßass to Nora A. Tompklns rwlfe
of P. T. Tompkins) lot on W line of Hill"K.iss
avenue, 214.34 S of Dwight way. S E2 by \V
1.'0.48, being lot 8, block C, Hillegass Tract,
map 3, Berkeley; $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Margaret
Doming (wife of J. H. Deming), lot on W line
of Tenth street. 12fi:3 N of Bancroft way. N
25 by W 130, being the N 25 feet of lot 13. block
119, Tract B, Berkeley I-raiui and Town Im
provement Association, Berkeley; $5.
E. S. Angel to clarence H. New, lot on XIV
corner of Channlng way and Tenth street, N
140. W 130. S 40. E 75 S 100, E 55 to beginning,
being lot 14 and S 40 feet of lot 13, block U'2,
corrected map of Raymond Tract, Berkeley : $10.
Clarence H. New to Harriet C. DonaKls >n.
same; Jin.
Elmhurst Land Company to Sarah J. Fruckey,
lot 96. Elmhuret Park, Brooklyn Town
ship; $175.
Charles I. and ' Marie S. Moe to Allie A.
Brown (wife of J. W. Brown), lot on SE cor
ner of Eighth street and lands of I* Huseman
by deed of November 15, 1876, thence W 30:0,
H 148:7%, E 30:G, N 14S:GVi to beginning, block
532. Oakland; $10.
H. B. and Susie L. Belden to same, 6ame;
quit-claim deed, $1.
S. P. Tate Jr. and Dora F. Tate to Jessie
W. Noble, the X half of lot 12, block G,
amendpd map of J. W. Crawford Tract, Oak
land; itSOO.
Ida E. and David A. Proctor to W. Havens,
lot 20, block F, Oakland View Homestead As
sociation, Oakland; $10.
S. S. Fogarty et al. (by commissioner) to Ed
win E. Bbelden (assigned to H. J. McClimock),
lots 23 and 27 and NE 12^ feet of lot 23, Santa
Fe Tract. Brooklyn Township; $104.
Same (by same) to same (assigned to Asmus
N. Alsing), lots 24, 25, at, 2it and NW half of
lot 2S, same; $ISS.
•lames H. and Frances H. Ross to Henry Nel
son, lot 20, map of subdivision of Frank Silva
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Thomas Nuttall to Charles A. James, lot on
NE line of Orion street, 140 SE of Nutley ave
nue, SE 37:6 by NE 108, being lot 6 and a por
tion of lot 7 on map of subdivision of lota 54
to 57, 66 to 08, Kingsland Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Susan M. Goff to Alice A. Williams and Susie
G. Goff, lot on S line of Bupna Vista avenue
92:7% W of Everett street, W 30 by S 100,
Alameda; gift.
Herbert E. Averell to H. B. Maya, lot on W
line of Sherman street, 62:6 S of Eagle avenue,
s 62:6, V) 125. S 26, W SO, N 150, E 50, S 62:6, E
125 to beginning, being lots 4, 5, 7 and S and
B H lot 8, block E, Taylor & Page Tract. Ala
meda; $10.
Thomas G. Hansen to Thomas G. I>ias. 40
acres, being lots 37, 88, and 88% on Amended
Map Oakland Land and Improvement Com
pany'! subdivision portion of Santa Rita
Rancho at Pleasanton, Murray Township: $200.
Seward A. and Carrie J. Greene to Helen
Kldd. lot on SB corner of Rose avenue. 392.55
XE from East Echo avenue, NE 60 by BE 150,
being portion subdivision 23, Glen Echo Tract
Map NO. 3, subject to a mortgage of $1800,
Oakland; $10.
Marguerite Loutz to Robert L. Long, lot 16*5.
MaD of Resubdivislon Peralta Park, Oakland
Township; $"i.
Robert L. Lonsr to Prank 11. Dunne, lot 168,
Map of Resubdivislon Peralta Park, Oakland
Township; $5.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Mary Rus
sell, lot on 12 line of Seventh* street. 130 S of
Bancroft way. S 50 by E 133, being lot 27.
block 124, I<act B, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement, Association, Berkeley; $.";.
George D. and Oscar G. Dornin to Mary L.
Ginn, lot on NE corner Dwight way and Bow
ditch street, E 100 by N 150, being portion lot
1, block S, College Homestead. Berkeley: $5000.
Alice S. Lamb (administratrix estate af Sam
uel Powell) to George Sturtevant, lot on E line
of Pease avenue, 100 X from X line of Clark
& Carpenter Tract, X 30 by E 70. Alameda; $450.
George and Susie G. Sturtevant to Caroline
Webster, same, Alameda; $10.
John H. and Alicia B. "Wood to David de
Bernard!, lot on S line of San Antonio avenue.
250 W of Willow streo* W 50 by S 160, being
lot 15, block M, lands adjoining to Enclnal,
Alameda; $10.
W. H. and Carrie B. Buehler to Carrie .T.
Greene (wife of Seward A.), lot on SE line
of Bay View avenue, 150 NE Pherry . I
NE 50 by RE 141. being lot 14, blork 13 War
ner Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
T)r. C. H. Westphal (owner) with C. P. Em
mons (contractor), architect E. Kollofrnth—
All work for alterations and additions to a
two-stor; frame dwelling house at 1902 Broad
way; $1313.
J. Parker Currier (owner) with O. H. Moore
(contractor), architect A. W. Marquis — Car
penter work for a two-story anil part base
ment frame building on N lire of Clay street
137:5 W of Locust, W 40 l.y N 137:8*4: $-"450.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
O B Peger. Houston IE s Plalsted, Boston
F Booth. Danville W J Scott ft w Ind
E L Bldwell. w & eh, Mrs A H D Gray ImJ
Cal J T Prancp & w. Ind
L C .Tuen, Cal ■} W Hoiv.ii. l*^ Ang
J Grinsberg, S*cto Mrs G«-r;a>-h. Stockton
C P Rosecrans, N Mcx Miss Gerlaeh. Stocktn
E A fcanford, Phlla J W Tatccart, Cal
J T Martin. Saeto J A Donlon, Ventura
G W Hendry. Cal IE D Severs Cal
A Seaelorf. Butte |B L Wertheimer, Cal
F H Boyer. VncavilleiN Gculd ft w. Cnl
.T E Pemberton, I'kin!-, W W Elliott, I^s Anc
Mrs Browne, Nev City Mrs Bhimers, S Pablo
Miss O'Donnell. Cal E C Ivans. Cal
T I, Baker, Cal J M Morton, Stanford
W J Wiley, Cal F T Huddart. Cal
G W Witty, Cal 3 3 Sullivan, Towles
A S Llchtensteln. Cal I M Eldridge. Rorh«str
T A Kelton, Cal Q W Harney & w . Cal
J F Mongel, La Crosse Miss E Cordes, Stktn
J E Camp. Sacto T Sernberge, X V
Mrs J F Hale. Tacoma'Mrp J Bayron & eh,
O W Kimmlel, Cal I Biggs
0 A Jursch, Cal 'J H Gardiner, R Vista
8 Mederberger, Chgo H R McNohle, Stktn
C G Wilcox. Oil City J Miller, Cal
C B Summons. Oil City W A Daley, Salem, Or
W W Orcutt. Cnl F A Plaisted, L Oatos
W Davey, Butte
PALACE HOTEL.
H B Wood, Phila J C Jewett, Portland
F A C Perrtne, 9tanfd;Mr9 J C Jewett, Or
O P Jenkins. Stanfd W A Hey!, Pa
B F Bretherton. N V IF H Dakin, Cal
T L McLang, N V 'Miss Welder, Texas
F M Hanlo. NY IE R Haftelfinger. Pa
W T W Foote, Oakland T Flint. San Juan
F Buck. Vacavllle L Gohlwater. L Ang
Ij R Sargent, U S N Mrs L Goldwater, Cal
A E Jonh, Tacoma E W Howe, Boston
A G Foster, Tacoma >R T Bemis, Cal
H D Campbell, Cal B Thoman. N V
Mrs F W Daniels, F J Browne. Olympic
Wash 3 W Smith. Los Ang
E H Fox. Wash Mrs J W Smith, Cal
T S Boyer. Keswlck R H fool. Cal
M T Mattison Tacoma Mrs R H Cool, Cal
P A Judson. NY ft W Thompson, Cal
F L Ballawln. Wash Pr J Douglas. Cal
F W Piper. Seattle G S Van Wedelstaldt,
G W Piper. Seattle i Cal
L Ankerey. Pf-attle iO Thompson, N V
Mrs L Ankerey, Seattl Mrs C Thompson, N V
T J Humes. Peattle ;.T F Burgess. S Rosa
T S i 'helps, U 8 N iMrs J F Burgess. Cal
A Marshall, NY iT M Long, Portland
L Benedict, H V '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Ryan, Alaska IQ Parker, Los Ang
M Loverzenan, Utah P,l Mogan, Pctaluma
J Morrison & w, Cal L Lange, Pan Jose
J W Turner, Fresno C Harris. Idaho
F J Walker Lathrop JI Edwards, Idaho
G Rohrbough & w, Cal L Wels, Illinois
H Rohrbough & w, Cal C L James & w. Or
H L Rohrhouerh. Cal W Farrell. Fresno
F Sjiaulding, Minn J Anderson, Ukiah
C Helander &w, Cal IF E Proctor, Los Ang
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Puge 10.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, October 5.
Ship BenJ F Packard, Allen, ISO days from
New York.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 3 days from
Stewarts Point.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 50 hours from
Phelps Landing.
Schr Ocean Snray, Nyman, 40 hours from
Iversens Landing.
SAILED.
Thursday, October 6.
Stmr Martpoaa, Harward, Honolulu and Syd
ney.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Fulton,
from .
SALMON' BAY— Arrived Oct s— Schr Bangor,
from Port Townsend.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Oct s— Stmr Miami, for
San Francisco; ptmr Dirigro, for Dj'ea.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Oct 2— Bktn Retriever,
from Port Hadlock.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 6— Schr Challen«;»r,
from Seattle.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Oct s— Br stmr Sikh and
stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, (or Manila; stmr
Columbia, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct s—Br5 — Br ship Comliebank, from
Santa Rosalia.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct G— Schr J O Wall,
hence Sept 23; stmr Brunswick, from Astoria.
Sailed Oct s— Stmrs San Pedro and Weeott.
for Pun Francisco.
riKDON DO— Arrived Oct 6— Echr Wm H
Smith, from Port Blakeley.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct s— Stmr City of T»
peka, from Alaska. •
Sailed Oot s— Ship Lucile, for Honolulu.
EASTERN' PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr Finanoe,
from Colon.
Sailed Oct 4— Stmr Advance, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPULCO— In port Sept I— Br ship Sierra
Mlran'la, for Portland, Or.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Oct 2— Stmr Ohio, for
San Francisco. Oct 3— Stmr China, for San
Franc!?''o.
Arrived Oct 4— Br stmr Empress of China,
from Vancouver.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Oct 5. at 7 a m— Br
stmr Aoraneri, from Australia and Honolulu.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Sert 25— Haw
ship Hawaiian Isles, for Honolulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSLAND— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr New
England, from Boston, for Liverpool.
NAPLES— Arrived Oct 5— Stmr Aller. from
New York, and proceeded for Genoa.
HAM BURG— Arrived Oct s— Stmr Patria, tm
New Yurk.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr Majestic,
from New York. Oct s—Stmr5 — Stmr Auranla, from
New York.
LONDON— Arrived Oct B— Stmr Mohawk, tm
New Yurk.
BREMEN— Arrived Oct s— Stmr Saale, from
N?w York, via Southampton.
KOBE -Arnved Oct s— Stmr Port Talbot, fm
Tacuma, for Manila.
NEW YORK-Sailod Oct s— Stmr Augusts
! Victoria, /for Hamburg:, via Cherbourg and
j Southampton ; stmr Barbarossa, for Bremen,
via Kontnamwton.
I Arrived Oct "—Stmr Sen-la, from Liverpool;
i Btmr Hccla. from Stettin, etc; stmr Germanio,
from Liverpool; Btmr Pennsylvania, from Ham
burg, etc.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct E— Stmr Spaarn
i dam. from New York.
! Sailed Oct S— Stmr Maasdaam, for New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct s— Stmr Furnessia,
from Ni'W York.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
|L~_ Steamers leave Broadway
frS|«i wharf, San Francisco.
IKagXfmfc For Alaskan ports, 10 a.m.,
IBpEwei^ Oct - 3 ' s - 13 - 18 - 23 - 28; Nov -
lUktulß -• change at Seattle.
I BBftCTB ml For Victoria, Vancouver
LSSsnw'SSS'M <B. C.),, Port Townsend, Se-
lr^^H^SßD attic, Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
"^* (Wash.), 10 a. m., Oct. 3, 8,
13, 18, 23, 28: Nov. 2, and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle
to this company's Reamers for _ Alaska and
G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Van-
°°For r Eureka aiumboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Oct.
6. 11, 16. 21. 26, 31; Nov. 5 and every fifth
BFcr8 Fcr 6 Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Pimeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota,' Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
fan Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., Oct. 3, 7. 11. 15, 19, 23. 27, 31,
Nov. 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
n£? Oct 5, 9, 13. 17. 21. 25. 29: Nov. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter. Bay. San Jom del
For En="°nnda. Maerdalena Bay, Pan Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
m For further Information obtain a {older.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of aniline.
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). S * CO.. Oen Agt,.
10 Market St.. Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO. ,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From RDWir-Btreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinC Sl2 First Class Including Berth ;
rAnil $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.... Oct 5. 15. 25
COLUMBIA sails Oct. 10, », in
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through ticket? to all points East.
x 6 E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.^^^
AMERICAN LINE.
TOW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Paul... Oct. 181 St. Paul Nov. S
New York Oct. 25! New York Nov. 15
St. Louis Nov. 1 1 St. Louis Nov. 22
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ...Oct. IS Friesland Nov. 8
Kensington ....Oct. 25 1 Southwark Nov. 13
Nordland Nov. 1 Westernland ...Nov. 22
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., i
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
"Kobe (HlOSO)i Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA -MARU Saturday. October 14
HONGKONG-MARU. .Wednesday, November 1 ;
NIPPON-MARU Saturday, November 25 I
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. 11. AVERT. General Agent.
~~~ „•• — —
fHHBIH&nM Th* "• S. Australia
SSlK*nl' L sails for Honolulu
i 81"^ ■ li " Wednesday, October
bd mm 18 > at 2 p. m.
Gx±S^V\ S. S. • Moana sails
JSRftnNline) via Honolulu and
CytKIIIUIiiy Auckland for Sydney
(O[HR?If?W- Wednesday, Nov. 1,
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPHECKELS& BROS. CO., Agts.. 214 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
. , _
COMPAONIE QENERALE TRANSATLAMTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. f-ttttr
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. "OyEnj
from Pier 42, North River, foot of > * H ™a
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE, Oct. 7; LA
CHAMPAGNE, Oct. 14; LA GASCOGNE, Oct.
21; LA BRETAGNE, Oct. 28; LA TOURAINE,
Nov. 4. First-class to Havre, $60 and up-
ward; 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $45; 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building), New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont- '
gomery aye., San Francisco. j
_ .
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VAIIEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello.''
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 9
p. m. Landing and office, Mis.'ion-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 500 ;
BAILBOAD TBAVEIi.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October i, ISB9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. *
WEEK DAYS— *7:OO, *9:30. 11:00 a. m.: •i-4 S _
*3:40 5:13, 6:00, 6:30 p. m. ■*•"■
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m. l ajs>
SUNDAYS— '10:00, »ll:30 a. m • •i-ik
3:15, *4:45, 6:30. 9:00 p. m. % ™7 I>l5 '
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:25. '6:35. 7:45. -3:40 a m •
•12:30. 2:15, »3:40. »5:15 p. m. ' "
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O, "8:00, 'lO^. »11:45 a. m ■
•1:40. '3:15. 4:45. »6:30 p. m. m<i
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S, 8:45. 7:55, 9:45 a 9 Tn •
12:35, 2:35, 3:45. 5:20 p. m. . ' '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS, 10:05 a. m.; 12:06, 2:15 3-30
6:00, 6:45 p. m. . . . '
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week — Cazadero and way stations
3:40 p. m. Saturdays— and way stations"
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way stations
BAJXBOAJJ TRAVEL. . -
SOI THICKS I*ACIFIC CO PA XT..
(pacific mm.)
Trains leave »'ml nro due to arrive .
MAN I KAN« IN« •«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leavb — From October 2, 1899. — abkiti
•7iooa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . *5:43»
*?:UUa MarysTille, Orovllloaiid Redding Tia
Woodland •3i45p
♦TiOOa Elmira, Vacavillo and Rnmsey •8:50*
*7:UOa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa *8:15p
*BiOOa Atlantic Express, Ogden and F.ast.. •0:15 a
*S:iiOA San Jose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placerville,
MurvsTllle, Chico, lted Uluff •4:l»p
•Bi3Oa •Milton, Oakdale and Honora •■l:IBp
•0:OOa. Haywards, Nilesand Way Stations. # 11:43 a
*9>ooa Martinez, Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno. .: .\ »1 3: 1 5p
*oiOt>A Fresno, liakenGeld, Santa li»rii,ira,
Los Angeles, Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East »0:45p
•10:00 a Vallejo, Martinez aud Way Stations *7:4. i ip
•1 1 :OOa Hsywards, Niles and Way Stations. ' »2:13p
•lUxOOjc Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hauford, Visalia,
Porterrille *4: 1
fl:OOp Sacramento River Steamers fS:««p
. •8:OOp Hayvards, Niles and Way Stations. •»: *3p
•4.00P Martinez, Ban Ramon, Vallejo,
Sap*, Culistoga, Sautaßosa •»:13»
•4iOOp Bcnicia, Vacaville, Hacrainento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville, Oroville •10:4(1*
•4t3Op Niles, Jose and Stockton *7:15»
•3:OOpThe Owl Limited. Tracy, Fresno. V
BakersQeld, Saugun for Santa Bar- ■"
bara, Los Angeles. , *9:4Sa
•3:80p Stockton, Merced, Fresno »12:13p
•si»Op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and l.os Angeles # 8:43 a
•3iBopBanta Ko Route. Atlaiilio Eiprea
for Mojave and Bart "6:43p
•OiOOp Chicago-ban Francisco Special, Og.
den and Kant "SiIJOp
•8:00p Hay wards, NileaandSan Jose •7i4.Ta
t«:OOi- Vallejo «12:15p
J7:oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions £9:937
•8:05p Oregon KxpreM, .Sacramento, Marys-
Tille, l:,-,ldhig, I'ortland, Puget
Hound and Kn?.t *Silg4
COAST DIVISION (XarroiT O»nge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
•8i 13 a Newark, Ontervllle, Ban Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations »3i30»
t*«l3p Newark, CenterviHe, Kan Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations 1 0:50 \
•4il !»p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos »9:204,
bll:15p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations :~:20p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromS'N fiUNCISW— Foot or Market Street (Slip —
•7:1 9:00 11:00 A.M. Jl:03 *2:30 J3:CO
•4:CC JB:OO •6:00i-.M. -
From OAIUXD— FooI «fiir«dwnT.—"(i:OO 8:00 10:00*.¥,
tia:OO »l:00 12:00 "3:00 - ti:QO "5:00 l-.M.
COAST DIVISION (Kroa<Niauge).
(Third Mid Towincnd St 9.)
♦ 0:IOa Ocean View, South Han Francisco.. t 3op
•7:OOa San Jose ami Wny Stations (New
• • • Alinaden Wednesdays ouly) *l:30p
•#:OOa Kan Joae, Tro» I'lnos, Hanta Cruz,
Paciiic Ororo. I'aso ItoblTß, Kan
Luis Obisno, Surf, Loa poc and -
Principal Way .SUl.ious # 4:10p
•I0:4Oa San .Toro mid Way Staltoiu # 0:33 a
•ll:;tOA Sau Joso and Way Stations *3!3Oi-
tSt4SrSan Mat™, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Cl^ra, San .low,
Tres Pinos, Santa <.'ruz. Salinas,
Monterey and Pncillc Grove tIO:8«A.
t»:«Op San Jose and Wa> Stations «7:3<>p
:lSp San.loHeHii.l Principal Way Stations *!):4.'>a
t3:oOp Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations f 0:O«a
•S:UOp Kan Jose ami Prineioal Wny Station* "8:35 a
•i>:»up Ban Jose and Way Stations f8:««A
bll:l.'»p San Jose »nil Way Stations »T:3Op
A for Morning. I' for Afternoon.
•Daily. t Sunday exeepted. I Sunday only.
6 Saturday only. _^
The PACIFIC TR A NSfRR COM PAS X
wtil call for and check baggage from hotels and re?i«
dencea. Enquire of Ticket Agei.ts for Time Cards and
otlitr information. ■- , ■
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
t RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot ok' Market St.
SAN FRAXCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— jSxtra. trips at 1:65
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, ll:lu a. m.; 12:45,
j 3.:40, 6:13 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:«, 6:05.
; : 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
■ 1 April IS, .
Week Sun- 1!>99. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 3:00 am Novato, 10:40 am | 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, [6:05 pm 10:26 am
6:lopm 6:00 pm Santa KuEa. 7:35 ■■■_ 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, ' 10:25 am
Healdsburgr,
Lytton,
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am 1 OloTerdale, 7:»5 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Hopland and j 10:25 an»
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. j 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am .' 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
I 3:30 pm j } 8:20 pm
' 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma !l0:40 am 8:40 am
and
; 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am -8:00 am Sevastopol. 10:40 am 10: am
I 8:30 pm 5:00 pm 1 7:35 pm 6:20 pnj
| Stages connect at Santa Rosa tot Mirk West
; Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
; for Lytton Springs; at GeyserviP.p for Skngga
Springs ; at Cioverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
-1 land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Ray, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
| Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's
I Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Eullvllle,
Booneville, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Kavarro, Whitesboro, Albion. Little River,
: Orr's Hot Springs, Mcndoclno City, Fort Bragg
! Westport. Usal, Wlllitts, Laytonville, Cum-
: ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
: reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
! Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bldff.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
1 " Jl IJ r -'■-;
Cf *if -
\PHOEN«
jWU^AN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
"£■ THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 530 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINING
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN [
EVERY PKTAIL. ■ .
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
•7:20 am 510:30 am Stockton t3:40 pm 6:00 pra
9:10 am \ 2:05 pm Merced tl2:10 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am § 5:35 pm Fresno f9:0O am 2:42 pm
11:38 am i 7:45 pm Hanford t7:00 am 1:45 pm
2:25 512:30 am Bakersfield $1:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am t6:23 pm Visalia J5:20 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm t6:53 prn Tulare 54:25 am *l:03 pra
♦Daily. tExcept Sunday. {Except Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 628 Market St.;
Tel. Main 1531.
Oakland Office, 1113 Broadway.
Sacramento Office, 201 J st.
San Jose Office. 7 West Santa Clara st.
■. : '~~~
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. October 1, 1899.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts., 621 Market st.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
As g»ja 625 KHARS XT.- Established
■fMr^^^fc in 1854 for the treatment of Private
gfi-^fc B Diseases, Lost Mauhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
mk B^^Sb Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
2mHmflß|otht>iHfuil. Try htm. Chnrgcs low
?*WHHc riireißiiari-.nlwtl. Callorwrite.
Or. J. *'. Of BIIOK. Box l!*s7.San Francisco
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
1314
ADVERTISEMENTS^
GIFT.!
Ail A © o
Friday *
Saturday
FOR OUR
Yoimg Friends!
As well as showing our very
newest and, smartest Boys'
Winter Garments, Friday an
Saturday will be gift days —
handsome and. costly gifts in
honor of our fall and winter
anniversary will mark these
two days — two great days in the
making of little prices and
showing the, most nuvol winter
fashions. Of course, the newest
is always with us.
IINEEDA...
v OVERCOAT
Every little boy, every big
hoy, every mama's boy, every
-papa's boy will receive some
costly gift Friday and Satur-
day.
BOYS,
ARE
YOU
WID
US'?
RAPHAEL'S
INCORPORATED,
The 'Frisco Boys,
...King Pins for Overcoats...
9,11, 13 and 15 KEARNY STREET.
2 Entire Buildings— B Floors.
A CONDITION AND NOT A
THEORY
confronts the fastidious man that has
Boiled linen and don't know where he
can have it laundered without injury
and in an irreproachable manner. We
can relieve his mind right now by as-
suring him that his shirts, collars and
cuffs didn't look better when first pur-
chased than they do when sent home
:t rom the United States .Laundry.
"No saw edges."
United States Laundry. Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S greats
#I9SEUei of ANATOMY?
4 Sj& 10511£i2SS5S?.tsi.6±*7a,8.r.Cd.i
\ cj^. The Largest Anatomical Mn*etnn In the
a «sysi»v Wo »< d - w c-iicner-.es or any contracted /
JL. jfeGrretf disease i»»--«»«l««-l?'«-iir«d by the oldest W
9 {SSI spcciali&t cd the EsL36year*. Q
4 flfjgf I 03- -PRIVATE DISEASES 4
1 »$&&& CTwi't.vinn free and strictly t,rivate \
4 i Wo """">«<" perionaliy or by letter. A }
\S if llfl *°* Jn " d*" In every case undertaken. T
MB // lift Write for Book. rHii.UdOi'BYtfi
T* Jl II "• Sl»iibiace, mailed fkeb. (at
jk (} lif valuable bock for men) \
0 f>K J«»RI> AN A CO.. 1051 Market St.,B. F. 9
REYNOLD'S
fSftilT SpecifSc
\^i3 «jr*J&r '-y§ 5^ Few persons need
■ be confined by
Gout or Rheumatssm,ifr>n the first approach
<■; the paroxysm they have recourse to tins rem-
edy ; then, "a single dose is often sufficient.
i..ntt<;i::u<iio., 20..10 \. miiiamhu.ir.i',
< RPTTQWT< I 1 "' 0 " BARBERS. BAK-
JDIIU Oil boot Macks. bath.
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, earners
«li«T»>. floor mills, foundries, laundries, paper!
iiM.ngirr. printers. painters, uhoe factories,
■taLluzrien. tar-roof^rs. tannem. tailors, etc
tJUCUANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
OS All Kinds
For the Location of
Government
And
State Lands
Both Surveyed
And Unsurveyed.
F. A. HYDE,
4JO #ODttottu;r> St.. Sun Fr«nci«co
KRUTTSCHNITT
MAY REICH THE
VICE PRESIDENCY
Whispers of Promo
tion Are in the Air.
♦
CLAIMS FOR RECOGNITION
♦
RECORD THAT BRINGS NO FEEL
ING OF PRIDE.
♦
Train Service That Makes the South
ern Pacific a Byword for
Carelessness and
Delay.
There Is a whisper down the wind
which :,iys it is not improbable that Gen
eral Manager Kruttschnltt of the South
ern Paciflo Company, who is known to
his many admirers as "The Discrimin
ator," owing to the splendid aptitudi he
exhibits for diplomacy, may succeed
George Crocker as the second vice presi
dent of the road.
This whisper may not be confirmed
when the appointment is made by the
board of directors, yet it had enough
foundation to make it a safe bet that if
"The Discriminator" docs not gel the plum
It will be because it falls to the portion
of H. E. Huntlngton, the only man who,
In the opinion of the wise ones, ia likely
to prove a successful competitor of the
general manager.
Promotions generally go by merit—
at least they are so supposed to so. Pol
icy may often advance a man, but it ia
seldom that a big railroad official receives
such a boost without having previously
shown some efficiency upon which those
having his career 111 hand may base bos
claims to recognition. , . ..
Now, if the directors of the Southern
i Pacino Company have determined to con
-1 fer the honors that go with the second
vice presidency on the man who is now
their general manager, it is quite proper
that he should not be allowed to hide his
light under a bushel, but that, on the
contrary, the people of the State should
be made acquainted with the splendid
service performeu by the railroad while
under his active management, so that
they may get a fair idea of the really
excellent merits of the man whom C Jt\
Huntington may pro^abiy elevate to the
second highest, dignity in the great cor
poration of which he is the head and
The following record is based on the
official reports of the road itself and on
the statistics which have been compiled
by the postal authorities since the nrst
°I) t vi e mg the nine months that have
passed since January, the Southern Pa
clnc has run, excepting the trains which
have now and then been doubled up with
those of the day following because they
were so late that it was useless to send
them on to their destination, 656 trains,
and of this number 301 have been late.
: These delays have been all the way from
: a couple of hours to three-fourths of a
day in duration and have been as com
mon on the southern route as on the
°it lias made no difference what the
month of the year, the weather, the
amount of business done or any other
condition-, the result has been just the
same. Night after night, morning after
morning tne bulletins have been forced
to chronicle the fact that the mails were
delayed as usual. „.■"-■",. . .^
True, the regularity of accident on the
Southern Pacitic may plead as an ex
cuse in many, very many instances. But
then that excuse, good as it may be. is
hardly satisfactory. A man may kick
upon arriving at his office in the morn
ing and tinding thafhundreds of dollars
worth of business has slipped through his
lingers because the advices he depended
upon have been nearly a day late. But
the fact that his mail, when it does ar
rive is sprinkled with the blood of same
unfortunate passenger, a mute evidence
to testify to the cause of the delay, win
not cause him to exculpate the carriers
with any greater alacrity.
When asked concerning the reason of
this tardiness in the delivery of the
United States mails the Southern Pacinc
is accustomed to pass the buck up to its
connections. It is always the Lnlon a
cific or some other road that is to blame.
The trains are more than half the time
reported as on time at Ogden, yet they
continue to arrive in this city with the
same number of hours to their discredit.
Moreover it does not concern the mer
chants of this city whether the train is
one hour or ten hours late at some dis
tant eastern point of connection. All they
want is to be assured that the train ser
vice out of and into this city is run with
some degree of regularity and they will
stand for the rest.
There is a penalty in this connection
and it is scaled from the price collected
for the entire run down the line in pro
portion to the magnitude of the delay.
This is a matter which is kept absolutely
secret between the railroad officials and
the postal authorities; yet if the penalty
is properly enforced it must be a source
of some revenue to the Government. Is
it enforced?
This question of mail service has cre
ated such universal indignation among
the people of this city that it is high time
that something was done to correct it.
Mr Huntington should either impress on
Ins menials the necessity of properly ful
filling the obligations of their positions or
he should place men in authority who are
not only capable but conscientious enough
to see that the matters intrusted to their
care are properly carried out. This is an
age of the survival of the fittest and if a
man has neither the executive ability nor
the energy to make good the obligations
he assumes he should be made to give
way to some one that has. . ,-, • >
Mr. Kruttschnitt has been quoted as
saying that he cannot properly be held
responsible for the carelessness and neg
lect of subordinates. This is in connec
tion with the avalanche of railroad acci
dents that has fallen upon the people of
this State. The trainmen issue a circular
stating that they are neither drunkards
nor incompetents and that they compare
favorably with the employes of any other
road in the country.
Both of these statements are interesting I
as well as Instructive, but the trainwreck
lng goes steadily on. Some one must be
to blame; there must be some official to
whom to look for a correction of such
criminal evil. Such a state of affairs
cannot exist without the responsibility
resting somewhere. Now the general
manager is the active head of the operat
ing department and if he is not personally
to blame he should see to it that those
who are be dismissed from their positions
and their places filled by men who ■ will
do a little better in lessening the mortal
ity of the State and delivering the malls
and passengers with something that ap
proaches the scheduled time which is of
their own making.
Mr. Kruttschnitt may be the proper
man for the position of second vice presi
dent and he may not be. That is a matter
that will, no doubt, eventually t>e settled
by Mr. Huntington. But these are the
facts. Since the beginning of the year
only one mail out of every three has
reached this city at the hour it should,
and, aside from minor accidents, there
have been no less than seventeen serious
train wrecks on the line over which Mr.
I Kruttschnltt exerclfes supervision.
Candidates, have yuur cloth banners and
xl\ printing done by fir^t hands. Sterett
Poster Printing Co.. 0.13 Market street. •
IMPOSED ON HER FATHER.
Frederick Marks' Suit Against His
Daughter Now on Trial.
Judge Bahrs yesterday took up the ac
tion of Frederick Marks against his
daughter, Elizabeth MrPherson, brought
to compel the defendant to reconvey to
the plaintiff the family residence at 2612 Vi
i Butter street. Mr. Marks alleges . that
"while he was Buffering from the effects of
I partial asphyxiation his daughter and a
i friend, Hairy Thompson, worked upon his
I confidence and got him to convey the
property, with tne object in view of pre
venting Dr. Schmeit from filing an attach
ment against it for a claim of $500 for ser
' Vices rendered in paving the life of the
: plaintiff after hi- had been partially as
; phyxlated. Edward Marks, plaintiff's aon
i took the etand, and his testimony
throughout bore out his father's claim
j The case will be decided shortly.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1899.
WILL OFFER WELCOME
TO BRAVE FIGHTERS
f ry '
fGOV. ROGERS OF WASHINGTON HERETO MEET HIS BOYS:
GOVERNOR J. R. ROGERS of Washington, accompanied by his official
staff and a number of prominent citizens and politicians of his State,
arrived in tho city yesterday morning so as to be present to extend a
welcome to the soldiers who have brought honor to their flag and dis
tinction to the State that sent them forth to far off Luzon to fight the
battles of their country. The party that accompanies the Governor
contains many names famous in all the prominent walks of life, but, repre
sentative as the party is. it is none too good to do honor to such soldiers as
the Washington boys have proved themselves to "be on many a hard fought
field amid the sickly glades and poisonous swamps of the tropical Islands.
Those who came with the Governor are Brigadier General E. H. Fox, ad
jutant general of the State of Washington; Colonels M. McCarty, F. J. Parker
and A. Joab, of Governor Rodgers' staff; United States Senators A. H. Foster
and George Turner; F. J. Browne, Superintendent of Public Instruction, F. L.
Ballaine, Judge Carroll of Tacoma, Levl Ankeny and a number of others who
accompany the delegation in order to seize the first opportunity to greet
friends and relatives among the returning volunteers.
When seen yesterday Governor Rotors said that, though pome plans
had been already formulated, the reception that would be accorded to the
boys would depend altogether upon their expressed wishes after they are mus
t< r< d out.
As the plans now stand the troops will be taken home free of charge, their
transportation being assured personally by Mr. Ankeny at an expense of some
thing like JIO.OOO to him individually. Mr. Ankeny is a very wealthy citizen of
Washington, and takes this generous manner of testifying to his appreciation
of the valor of the boys from his State. Arriving at Seattle, the troops will be
tendered a public reception and banquet, and each man who participated in any
campaign in the Philippines will be presented with a medal commemorative of
tho fact. Then the regiment will be allowed to disband and each member will
return to his own home.
As soon as the Washington delegation arrived at the Palace yesterday
they were officially called upon l>y the staff of California's executive and ten
dered the usual courtesies. The State tug Markham was placed at the dis
posal of Governor Rogers, to be used by him and thopo whom he wished to in
vite to go our and meet the transport as soon as Bhe Is reported.
Following this visit, a meeting of Washington people was called and plans
arranged whereby all who so desired would be given a chance to go out and
greet the hoys and supply them with a good lunch of those things which they
have not tasted since they sailed away, nearly a year and a half a^<>.
JAPANESE EDITORS ARRESTED.
They Are Charged With Criminal
Libel for Attacking the Ko-do-kai.
There is trouble in the Japanese colony,
and yesterday throe romolaints were
sworn to in Judge Graham's court
for the arrest of H. Soyejima, B.
SHOWERS OF GLITTERING COIN
TO HELP IN A WORTHY CAUSE
INTEREST in the Youths' Directory
bazaar which is being held in the
League of the Cross Armory on
Market street, near Tenth, has not
waned. In fact, the attendance is on
the increase, due to the energetic
work of Father Crowley rind his corps
of earnest workers In the cause of
charity. Nightly the beautifully dec
orated hall is crowded with the friends
of the charming ladies who preside
over the booths, and their purchases
have gone to swell the fund that is
being raised to help a grand institu
tion.
One of the prettiest and most taste
fully decorated nooks in the hall is
the trained nurses' booth. The ladies
in charge of it have, with the aid of
white cloth, made the interior cool
and Inviting and the visitor thus
learns how a sickroom should be con
ducted. A number of dolls, dressed in
the garb worn by the nurses whilo
pursuing their noble calling, are in
evidence. The nurses In the various
hospitals of this city contributed these
playthings, iiml a vote Is being taken
to decide which doll represents the
most popular hospital. A contest is
also on to decide who is the most
popular physician in this city. A half
hundred doctors are in the race, which
is led by Dr. J. H. Healy, who has 76
votes.
The refreshment booth, which Is
presided over by Mrs. K. M. Lawler,
is one of tho most attractive spots in
the fair, made so by a score of pretty
girls, who wait on the many who drop
In. The room In which refreshments
are served is decorated with flags,
palms, smilax and cut flowers, and
makes a delightful resting place. A
striking illustration of what giris will
do in the cause of charity Is here man
YVashizu and K. Kawabe, publishers of
the Shlnsekai, or New World, a Japanese ;
paper, on the charge of criminal libel. '
The complaining witnesses are Kodama
Shokiche, president of the Ko-do-kai. or
Japanese Society of California, and V. i
Kashahara. secretary of the society. The i
alleged libels were contained in the pub- ;
lications of September 15, 16 and 18.
ifested. From morning until late at
night Mrs. I>awler's assistants labor
unmurmuringly. Hands that have
never been calloused by housework are
dipped in hot water among soiled
dishes and the crockery is made to
shine and ready for service. This
is a frequent occurrence during the
day, as the booth averages 150 guests.
Substantial and dainty articles of food
are within call and are excellently
served. The following ladies assist
Mrs. Lawlor: Mrs. "Wallace, Miss M.
ODea, Mrs. Lawrence Taaffe, Mrs.
Hergate, Miss Margaret Noon, Miss
F. Scatena, Miss Kitty Lynch, Miss
Julia O'Neil, Miss Julia Sullivan, Miss
Mary Walsh, Miss May McCarthy,
Miss M. Connell, Miss Elizabeth Re
gan, Miss Mamie Gallagher, Miss Hen
rietta Olson, Miss Katherine Lawler
and Miss May Lawler. Miss May Mc-
Carthy will receive her friends on Sat
urday afternoon. She has hopes of
disposing of a large frosted cake
MILLIONAIRE
POISONED BY
STRIPED BUSS
James Percival Lying
at Death's Door.
— • —
THREE OTHER VICTIMS
— , •
DEADLY FISH SEHVED AT A
FASHIONABLE ROTISSEBIE.
♦
The Tourist's Wife, Isaac Ettling and
S. J. Stanley, the Wine
Man, Were Also
Affected.
James Percival, the well-known million
aire tourist from London, is lying in his
apartments at the Palace Hotel in a pre
carious condition as a result of partaking
too freely of poisoned striped bass served
on Wednesday night at a fashionable up
town restaurant. Mrs. Percival, wife of
the milionaire tourist; Isaac Ettling, the
well-known wheat broker, and S. J. Stan
ley, the popular wine agent, who also
dined at the rotisserie and ate the poi
soned fish, were more or less affected, but
none of them were taken so violently ill
as Percival.
Mr. Percival and his wife attended a
theater party on Wednesday evening and
then drove to a near-by restaurant for
dinner. After the striped bass was served
Mr. Percival complained of griping pains
in his stomach. A few minutes later he
developed symptoms of poisoning and al
most collapsed at the table. He was Im
mediately escorted to his carriage and
hastily driven to his apartments at the
Palace.
By the time he arrived there Mr. Per
cival was suffering excruciating pains and
vomiting quite freely.
. Dr. Noble was quickly summoned and
he diagnosed Percival' a ailment as a case
of peculiar fish poisoning.
Mrs. Percival was suffering slightly,
but mild emetics were sufficient to relieve
her distress and she assisted Dr. Noble
to ease her husband's sufferings.
Mr. Percival's body turned black and
blue and he was writhing in the throes
of severe convulsions for several hours.
Percival's condition caused great alarm,
and for a time it looked as if he would not
survive. Dr. Noble worked over his pa
tient for several hours and remained with
the sick milionaire until morning, when
his condition improved slightly.
None of the other victims were seriously
affected, for luckily they ate sparingly of
the fish.
Whether or not the striped bass was
poisoned during the rooking process Is
nut known, but Dr. Noble believes that
the fish itself contained poisonous prop
erties. An analysis will be made to-day
to determine which of the two theories is
correct. Late last night the chances for
Percival's recovery were pronounced fa
vorable.
Who Is Tim O'Shea?
A man in a nude condition was found
about 2 o'clock yesterday morning lying
on the Bldewalk on Fremont street, be
tween Folsom and Howard streets, by Po
liceman Hc-nneberry and sent to the in
sane ward in the Receiving Hospital.
When asked his name he replied: ' - lt
might be Tim O'Shea." He is continually
asking for "Nellie" and is fond at Blnglng
"Killarney." He is a man about 35 years
of age, dark complexion and medium
height.
which was donated to the ladles for a
special purpose.
St. Patrick's booth will entertain its
many friends with a splendid pro
gramme to-night. A promenade con
cert will be a feature the early part
of the evening-, after which an excel
lent programme will be presented. The
Orphous Glee Club, under the direction
of Professor J. Sandy, will sing-. D.
N. Manlloyd and Professor Sandy and
Miss Daisy Keene will render solos,
and T. P. Growley and Joseph Sullivan
and ladies are scheduled to do the
Cakewalk. Mrs. Henry Mulvihill. the
president of the booth, expects all her
friends to be present. The reception
committee will consist of young ladies;
the matrons have the entertainment in
charge. Mrs. Mulvihill is assisted by
Mrs. W. H. Kemp, Mrs. Henry Gal
lagher, Mrs. C. IS. Flannigan, Mrs. K.
Henry, Mrs. William Fahey, Mrs.
Thomas Burns, Mrs. M. C. MoGrath,
Mrs. M. C. Gorham, Mrs. Sergeant P.'
Shea, Mrs. J. 11. Magennis, Mrs. P. M.
O'Connor, Mrs. J. Miley, Mrs. S. Mc-
Mahon, Mrs. J. J. Donovan, Mrs. J. J.
Moran, Miss Teresa Maguire, Miss
Nano Mahoney, Miss Hannah Duffy,
Miss Josephine Dillon, Miss A. West
haus, Miss K. Murphy, Miss E. V.
Reardon, Miss Agnes Tierney, Miss M.
Henry, Misses M. and A. Shea, Miss
Fitzpatrick, Miss E. O'Leary, Miss
Shannessy.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
■ ~ " a ~ <
■ ■ ■
SPECIALS
• • • FOR • • •
FRIDAY and SATURDAY!
LADIES' JACKETS-EXCFPTIONAL VALUES— Ladies'
Jackets, fly or double breasted fronts, made of. covert, ■ ke "ey
and cheviot cloth, in black, navy and tan, at $*», •> * .00, sp-LU,
$12.50, $15, $17.50, $18.50. $20 and upward.
LADIES' NECKWr AR— A SPLENDID VARlETY— Ladies'
Fancy Jabots, liberty silk trimmed, with silk horniton, shir-
red ribbon or lace edge, satin fold and shirred stock, . at $1,
$1.25, $1.50, $1.75 and $2 each.
LADIES' TWO-CLASPED FINE QUALITY LAMBSKIN
GLOVES, in tan, brown, red, rreen, blue, mode, cream and
white, special lot at 85c per pair.
LADIES' TWO-CLASPED GLt. YES. in all the leading shades,
quality and finish guaranteed, at $1.50 per pair.
MEN'S NECKWEAR— New Fall Neckwear, including the latest
and most fashionable weaves of silk and the most popular
and newest shapes of tecks, four-in-hands, puffs, band and
shield bows, club ties, etc. ; a unique assortment of colorings,
at 50c each.
FEATHER BOAS— Real Ostrich Feather Collarettes and Boas,
superiority of quality guaranteed, in black, white, French
gray and natural; prices from $7.50 to $35 each.
KNITTING WOOLS— A new and full assortment of Knitting
"Wools of all kinds, including Germantown yarn. Saxony wool,
Spanish yarn, Castor wool, Shetland wool, Shetland floss,
Fairy floss, Ice wool, Zephyrs.
SPECIAL !
The best make of GERMAN KNITTING YARN, in all
colors, at 25 cents per hank.
(Fljf Murphy Building, /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
LEES HOLDS ON
TO THE COIN OF
A BUNKO MAN
Campbell Files Suit
Against Him.
— «
CLAIMS IT FOR SERVICES
•
SEQUEL TO THE CONVICTION OF
A CROOK.
■ ♦
The Head of the Department Ap
parently Not Anxious
to Part With the
Amount.
Attorney Archibald Campbell yesterday
afternoon filed suit In the Justices' Court
against Chief Lee? to recover $29 Go. which
amount the plaintiff claims is being un
lawfully held by the head of the Police
Department. Some time ago a bunko man
named Collins was arrested and charged
with grand larceny. When searched at
the City Prison the amount Campbell
sues for was found in his clothes, and at
the request of the arresting officer it was
booked as evidence against the prisoner.
Collins was convicted of the charge by a
jury In the Superior Court the other day,
and as no attempt had been made to in
troduce the money as evidence, Campbell,
who defended the prisoner, claimed it as
part of his fee. After getting an order
for the money from Collins the attorney
presented it to Lees with a formal de
mand for the amount. Lets refused to
surrender it, claiming that he wanted to
consult his attorney before parting with
the "stuff." Campbell waited until yes
terday and as Lees still refused to let
go of the amount he decided to institute
suit against him for its recovery. Ihe
complaint reads as follows:
Archibald Campbell, plaintiff, vs. I. W. Lees
individually and as Chief of Police of the City
and County of San Francisco, defendant.
The said plaintiff comi'lains of the said
defendant and for cause of action states and
c j cB That the said plaintiff and the said de
fendant are now and at all the times herein
after mentioned have been residents of the said
City and County of San Francisco.
2 That the said defendant is now and at all
the times hereinafter mentioned has been the
duly elected appointed, qualified and acting
Chief of Police of the said City and County of
San Francisco, State of California.
3 That on or about the 17th day of August,
18i»9 one F. W. Collins was arrested in said
city and county and taken to the City and
County Prison and charged with having com
mitted a felony, and that the suld Collins was
then and there searched and that there was
then and there taken from his possession and
turned over to the above-named I. W. Lees,
defendant herein, the sum of twenty-nine dol
lars and sixty-five cents.
4. That on or about the ISth day of Septem
ber ISM. the said F. W. Collins, for a valuable
consideration, to wit, to pay and satisfy plain
tiff herein for legal services rendered said Col
lins in defending and appearing for him In the
Police Court of said city and county, sold, as
signed and set over to the plaintiff herein the
eald sum aforesaid taken from him as afore
eaid and directed the said defendant to pay
the same to the said plaintiff.
6 That said money was not used as evidence
In the trial of the paid Collins and that the trial
of said Collins Is now ended and determined.
6 That plaintiff has notified the said defend
ant of the assignment aforesaid and demanded
that the said defendant pay the said money to
him in ariv>rdance therewith, but that said de
fendant fails and refuses to do so.
Therefore, plaintiff prays judgment against
said defendant Individually and as said Chief of
Police for the sum of twenty-nine dollars and
sixty-five cents and costs of suit.
' JOHN W. KOCH. Attorney 'or Plaintiff.
See "Keith's" millinery window, Phetan
building, for novelties in new colors. '
ALL ARE WORKINGMEN.
The Personnel of the State Labor Bu
reau Is Complete.
The personnel of the State Labor Bu
reau is complete, excepting the position
of stenographer, -which will be filled with
in two weeks. The last appointee is E.
L. Reguin of Sacramento, who has been
selected for the place of special agent for
the bureau. As it stands now, the ap
pointees are all representatives of labor.
Labor Commissioner F. V. Meyers is a
locomotive engineer by calling, although
for several years he was chairman of the
Western division of that order, attending
to the business of the organization. The
chief d«puty, J. D. Kelsey, who was re
cently appointed from San Jose, is a car
penter by trade. Of late he has been
active in* Garden City politics, represent
ing that section in the last Legislature.
He is a member of a carpenter^' union
in San Jose.
The latest, Mr. Reguin. is a machinist
employed in the railroad shops of the
Southern Pacific at Sacramento. lie, too,
is or has been a labor union man.
While the law provide* for the ap
pointment at the discretion of the Com
ralsslcmer of three special agents, the ap
propriation made by the last Legislature
will not permit of any more being ap
nolntp'^for Fnme time to come at least.
Fur trTT; branch of the service only $20S
can be drawn per month, and Commig
sinner Meyers states that he has no
choico but to keep within the limit. This
sum must meet not only the salary but
thp transportation expenses of that of
ficial while attending to his duties in the
country.
Imagined He Was in Fresno.
J. C. Colrjuhoun, a rancher from Fresno,
stepped out of Judge Conlan's court yes
terday morning and expectorated in the
corridor. Policeman Rainsbury saw him
and placed him under arrest for violating
the ordinance. He said he approved of
the ordinance, and not knowing of its ex
istence had no intention of violating it.
Judge Treadwell released him on his owa
recognizance.
Blanchard's Orchestra
U Kapp & Street's Tamale Grotto. •
Butler Taken Back.
Deputy United States Marshal Moffltt
left yesterday afternoon for Moscow, Ida
ho, taking with him Francis Butler, on«
of thp striking miners charged with ob
strurting United States mails.
? Proven Oil Lands?
In Contra Costa, Merced, Santa
Clara, San Mateo and Coin
More work done now than any
other company in the State whose
stock Is being offered for sale. "We
are not one of those who are i
"Just Going to Begin,"
Our expert claims that we will
strike oil in 300 feet further drilling
on our Contra Costa property.
Stock now at $5 until the next meet-
ing of our Board of Directors. Re-
member 'we sell on a guarantee.
Write for particulars and an "Illus-
trated Prospectus."
Offices in nearly all counties.
AMERICAN OIL AND REFINERY
COMPANY,
ROOMS 322-323 PARROTT BUIUJINO, '
SAN FRANCISCO.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 460 TENTH ST.
Chinaware.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down,
You'll Say So,
"When You See Prices.
Great American Importing; Tea Co
Stores Everywhere,
zoo Stores.
I o^_ «fc.i' Your Own I
I A|||||t of Material. I
i^i^&fM-^^^Y whlc h is the lateTt I
■ Ki|Lj^|li_JffiSf' and b ? st materials ;
■fl • \"» !■■! • Do you know that :
! Bl Ay HSKVx we . make *H-wool ■
I HI # IS W BU i B , for * 15 -50. :
• m fcr£t. Juk\\ and all-wool pants S
: Bk\\^ ror * 4 - 30 ' :
; •> — rgß' And they are 3
• made to fit, "too. i
• Let us make * /7\ /} ■
! yournextsuit - WJmmi \
! We make f iii -r > t? 'j^j^ r , |
: suits for 25 per *^^^^**-* '
: cent less than 1110-1112 Market
I other tailors. «>ai S V o an Fr anci 9 cc
b\ ! Montgomery
\- Mo A n %y;r loft^^rSt 0 - !
J turned if dis- „ Oakland. • :
: satisfied. 14 « south spring at.. :
axis Angeles. 5
"**"*****" ""'"— "—*.■"■—»■»«»..«........*
-a^jUSY Dr 8L - Walsh,
egg —^ZgjzSSj i'alnlesa Extraction..
:1, r *¥ \ Ti\J Crowns .".".'."."jKJ.OO
Nii hjsJi^* Flesh-colored Plates.
Continuous Gum PJates'Vno'bad'joVntf^ou-
ieli/SSSien^ ' try * N ° BtUdent *- "