VOLITME IXXXVI-NO. 63.
CENTRAL PACIFIC'S MOVE
TO FIGHT EASTERN RIVALS
Proposed Extension of Competing Lines to
Utah Causes the New Incorporation,
SALT LAKE, Utah. Aug. I.— Every
effort is being made to keep the
movements of those concerned in
the new incorporation of the Cen
tral Pacific in the shade. When
Chief Counsel Herrin of the Southern
Pacific, first came here and consulted
with Thomas Marshall, ho said that
his visit was for the purpose of litiga
tion only. Little by little the facts are
'.caking out. Marshall refused to be in
terviewed yesterday, but to-day he
said to The Call correspondent that the
relations of tho Central Pacific with the
Southern Pacific will be very close and
intimate. He stated further that the
local board would act in conjunction
■with the majority of the New York
directors, but as to the future he sen
tentiously replied:
"I don't know and wouldn't tell if I
did know. But there is this much
about it." he continued, "the Southern
Facific has got to protect itself from
these Eastern roads that are going to
enter here."
"Then you believe that some Eastern
company will extend into ftah."
"Yes; there is no doubt about it." re
plied Marshall.
"Why." said he. "all of those roads
in Denver will eventually enter Salt
Uake."
There in be no doubt that this jew
r.rganization means business. Tr- new
corporation will assuredly operate the
Central Pacific in all its departments.
It will build bran* I and develop the
interests of this and other States.
"Whether the location of the shops, etc..
is changed or not the headquarters of
the Central Pacific Railway Company
will be In Utah'i metropolis per
manently.
These are the two prominent points
in the incorporation of the Central Pa
cific. That it means aggressive ac
tion on the part of the Southern Pa
cific in this State there is no doubt,
and with the filing of the expected pa
pers railroad men look for some start
ling developments in the very near fu
ture.
The incorporation is in many nays
merely a matter of form. As far as
the Central Pacific is concerned, the
pian of reorganization by .he Speyer
banking firm of New York and C. P-
ADMIRAL
DEWEY AND
THE GERMANS
While at Trieste He Did Not
Conceal His Displeasure
at Manila Events.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Aug. I.— The Daily News'
correspondent at Vienna says
that while few* people there credit
the statement attributed to Ad
miral Dewey, in which he made
•wa-like remarks about the Germans at
Manila, the admiral, while at Trieste,
did not conceal his displeasure at the
altitude of German naval officers at
Manila. He repeated the statement
that they gave themselves the airs of
being masters there. Among all the
naval officers before Manila they alone
refused to respect the regulations im
posed by the American admiral.
TRIESTE, Aug. I.— The Olympia left
Trieste at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon.
When she began to s move slc-wlj- from
among the shipping and boats, some
containing those who had gone out to
say good-by to Admiral Dewey, Cap
tain Lambert-. ri and other officers, she
gradually increased her speed to about
ten knot's, until the two white figures
on the bridge were no longer recogniz
able. The blympia was watched from
the shore until she disappeared on th"
horizon. To-day was spent on board
making final preparations for the voy
age. Naples is the next port of call.
Admiral Dewey returned on board at
I*3o o'clock. There was not a ripple on
the sea. which reflected the brilliant
sunshine, as the famous cruiser started
to make the four days" run to Naples.
Phe may be expected in that port by
Saturday evening or Sunday morning.
The rlympia did not salute on leaving
Trieste* n«*>r did Admiral Dewey make
any official calls, as naval or diplomatic
etiquette did not require either. Cards,
however, were sent.
MILITARY SUPPLIES
ARRIVING IN NATAL
Transvaal Volksraad Refuses to Re
move Religious Disabilities
From the Franchise.
JOHANNESBURG. Aug. I.— lt is report- i
ed that quantities of military supplies are
arriving daily at Pietermaritzburg, the
capital of Natal. South Africa.
It is stated that the Volksraad, at Lie
secret session held to consider President
Kruger's proposal for the removal of re
ligious disabilities which disqualified Jews ;
and Catholics from the franchise, rejected
the proposal. : .
Cripple Drowned.
STOCKTON Aug. I.— Clifford Brown. j
the 9-year-old son of W. C. Brown, fell
from a boat this afternoon and was
drowned under very, peculiar circum
stances. he boy was a cripple and was |
compelled to wear a heavy artificial iron j
limb, which kept him from coming to the
surface and precluded all possibility of
his being rescued. •
Did Not Buy Killarney.
NEW YORK. Aug. I.— A London cable
to the Wot says: Richard Croker says
the report that he has purchased the
Muckross estate and Killarney Lakes Is
ridiculous. He never heard of Mr.
Peck."
The San Francisco Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Huntington is carried out. The agree
ment that the directors should be dif
ferent from the Southern Pacific is ad
hered to, and Utah men with represen
tatives of the Speyers in New York are
named as incorporators and directors.
Thomas Marshall, attorney in Utah for
the Central Pacific, is made president,
and David B. Hemstead of the firm of
Marshall. Royle & Hemstead is the sec
retary of the board.
It is confidently expected that now
HOSPITAL SHIP RELIEF
ARRIVES FROM MANILA
The hospital ship Relief
from Manila passed through
the Golden Gate at half-past
3 o'clock this morning and
went immediately into quar
antine.
The Relief has ovei 3:0 men on board,
most of them sick sol7i:rs from Manila.
On board an the following commis
sioned offirers, who are invalided home:
Captain John F. Zollinger, First Ne
braska; Capta'n William J. Watson.
Twentieth Kansas; Captain Adna G.
Clarke, Twentieth Kansas; First Lieu
tenant John C. McArthur, Tnird In
fantry; Second Lieutenant Collin H. '
Ball, Twentieth Kansas; Second Lieu
tenant Oliver C. Lapp, South Dakota.
The army officers in charge of the Re
lief ar-: M »jor A. B. Gradley, brigade
surgeon, U. S. V.. commanding; First
Lieutenant George Irwin, Fifth Art llerv,
Q. M. and A. C. S.: Captain Henry R.
Stiles, assistant surgeon, 17 S. A.; First
I Lieuten int Weston P. Chamberlain, as- j
' sistant surgeon. U. S. A.; contract sur- >
- z-on-*, Dr. C. D. Van Waganan, Dr. j
VV. P. Reed and Dr. Henry, C. Rowland.
The hospi al corps en board consists
of the following: Seward.-* George, W
Muller arid Henry Fuerschback; acting ;
I. W. ASTOR
A BRITISH
SUBJECT
Shews Resentment at Being
Taxed by Renouncing
American Citizenship.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Aug. I.— The Gazette
announces to-day that William
Waldorf Astor was naturalized a
British subject "July 11 of the
sent year.
NEW YORK. Aug. I.— Little surprise
was occasioned in New York to-day by
the report from London that Mr. Astor
had decided to renounce his American
citizenship and become a British sub
ject. That he would take such action
was intimated upon his last visit to
this country, when he.appeared before
the Commissioners of Taxes and As
sessments and demand) that his tax
bills be reduced.
Astor has engaged in disputes with
the department of taxes almost an
nually ever since his father. John Jacob
Astor. left him an estate valued at be
tween $75,000,000 and $100,000,000 in 1890.
Mr. Astor has long stood at the head erf
the tax lists, his assessments being the
largest of any man on the books.
It was the custom of the Commis
sioners of Taxes during the first few
years after Mr. Astor came into his
father's estate to levy a personal as
sessment of $6,000,000. Mr. Astor finally
objected to the amount and it was re
duced to .... 000,000, at which it has re
mained for several years. Mr. Astor
let it be known early this year that he
considered $2,000,000 too high and he
made plans for personally fighting the
assessment. Mr. Astor, accompanied
by his children, came to New York on
the Majestic on March 29 last. He at
once let it be known that unless the
Commissioners of Taxes reduced his
personal assessment Instead of increas
ing his real estate assessment he would
renounce his citizenship.
The Waldorf-Astoria had been In
creased from $3,900,000 to $5,500,000, and
a similar proportion of increase was
made in all of Mr, Astor*s real estate
buildings. The Increase of $1,600,000 in
the assessment of the Waldorf-Astoria
property did not fall entirely on Will
iam Waldorf Astor. as he owns the
Waldorf, while John Jacob Astor owns
th» Astoria. But the proportion of In
crease made In that property applies
to hundreds of pieces of real estate
which Mr. Astor owns in various parts
of the city.
TO BUILD NEW LINE.
Northern Pacific Will Follow the Co
lumbia's North Route to
Portland.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. I.— The Ore
gonian to-morrow will say: The Northern
Pacific Railroad Company has determined
to come into Portland down the Columbia
River Pass. If it cannot get trackage
over the Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company's main line, it will build down .
the north bank of the Columbia.
President Meilln admits that the North- '
crn Pacific had been forced Into its pres
ent position by topography. If the road
is to haul to the seaboard any consider*,
able share of the cereal products of the
Columbia River basin it must do sol
"through the crack In the Cascade Moun- I
tains," as Mr. Mellin expressed It. j
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2, 1899.
that the reorganization of the Central
Pacific has been practically completed
the company will take some steps to
ward expanding its 'territory and ex
tending its lines in this State. The ne
cessity for this has several times .of
late been pointed out. The first step,
it is believed, will be to enter Salt
Lake City, and the statement is again
repeated that as soon as the Utah and
Pacific starts to enter Nevada the
Southern Pacific will start too.
stewards. Dean, Schenk and Blank
meyer; -contract female nurses, Misses
Jian Allan. Amy B. Farquharson,
Esther K. Hasten, Alice P.. Lyon, A:mi
stead, Guion, Irvine and Russik.
PENNSYLVANIA BOYS ARRIVE ON THE TRANSPORT SENATOR.
LIEUT. H. A. CROW, CO. D, TENTH PENNSYLVANIA.
SOUTH AMERICA IS
NO LONGER FRIENDLY
United States' Imperialistic Policy
• Regarded With Disfavor and
Suspicion.
NEW YORK, Aug. I.— Dr. Laurean3
A'illanuova, ex-President of Venezuela,
who is at present in New York, when
asked this morning through his inter
preter whether it was true that the
South American countries were about
to form an offensive and defensive al
liance against the United States on ac
count of the "Imperial policy," replied
that he had not heard of It, but thought
that such an alliance ought to be made.
"Do the South 'American nations fear
the United States?"
The ex-President shrugged his shoul
ders and opened' and shut his hands
rapidly— opened . them Wide, as If he
were grasping continents, and then
said something in Spanish.
"Mr. Villanuova thinks," said the in
terpreter, "that the United States will
take all— - - .
"But the United States may be satis
fied with the Philippines," said the re
porter.
"Oh, no, the United States wants Eu
rope and the Indies at least," came
from the. President through- the in
terpreter.
■ "Do all the South American republics
think as you do - about the United
States?" - <
"Why, of course. It is a well-known
fact. Who can doubt it? Do you deny
it?"
PENNSYLVANIA REGIMENT HOME
WITHOUT ITS GALLANT LEADER
Colonel Hawkins Died From Can
cer When the Transport Was
Two Days out From Yokohama.
The Hour for Landing the Soldier Boys
From the Transport and for the Pa
rade Up Market Street Will Be Set
by General Shafter To-Day.
£=r=_3HE transport Senator, with
Pennsylvania's gallant Tenth
Regiment aboard, passed \
I through the Golden Gate at
dusk last evening. There were
no wild hurras from the brave boys in
blue from the Keystone State, no thun- ;
dering . outbursts of- pent-up en- ;
thusiasm. Every heart was heavy,
and . tears trickled down the' haggard
faces of many a soldier aboard the
steamer, for during the voyage their
brave colonel, Alexander L. Hawkins, ;
succumbed to the ravages of cancer, |
and his lifeless body lay in state on the ■
deck of the ship.
Colonel Hawkins died at exactly five
minutes to 12. on the night of July IS, I
just two days after the Senator left the
harbor of Yokohama, and pointed her
prow toward the land for whose princi
ples her cargo of battle-scarred soldiers
had risked and suffered so much.
Out of the 862 returning officers and
men of the Pennsylvania Regiment
only twelve were ill during the . oyage
and according to Major Neff, they were
only slightly affected with ordinary
complaintE.
After passing in. the Senator .--team
ed up the bay and anchored off the
Quarantine Station on Angel Island.
Dr. Klnyoun boarded her shortly after
her arrival, and finding a clean bill of
health, he allowed the transport to
come down the bay again and anchor
in the stream off the Government
I wharf, where ■ .she- will remain until
this morning.
If the wishes of Lieutenant Colonel
James Barnett arid the men of the regi
ment are respected, the soldiers will
disembark immediately after the Sena
j tor docks this morning. The landing
| of the troops and the commencement of
• their triumphant march through the
j city to the Presidio will be signaled by
j the blowing of whistles.
The same rousing reception which
! was accorded the Oregon and Nebraska
i Volunteers and the Utah Battery will
j be given Pennsylvania's gallant regi
i ment, when It comes ashore this morn
ing. San j Francisco will once again
open her : big heart 1 and give . a \ royal
welcome to the . boys jas they march up
Market street. • J ■ ■ ,- v . *••..-.
■" Colonel Hawkins was the idol of the
regiment. He was loved, honored and '
respected by every man in the regi
ment, ani when the news that his soul
had passed into the beyond was -oread j
over the steamer, most of the men wept
bitterly. It was a blanket of sorrow j
thrown over Pennsylvania's fighting
Tenth, which time alone can lift.
"I would rather lead my regiment j
through the city of Pittsburg than be '
elected President of the United States."
Thus spoke Colonel Hawkins shortly
before the veil of death began to en
velop his earthly horizon. And none of !
the group of officers who had gathered
about his deathbed to say a last fare
well doubted the feeble declaration of;
their dying colonel.
Major Neff. surgeon in chief, worked
heroically to keep the spark of life burn- j
ing in this gallant veteran of two wars. j
in order that his dying wish to live to j
lead his regiment through Pittsburg
might be gratified, but Major Neff's
efforts were all in vain.
The messenger of death was kind to
Colonel Hawkins, for just one hour be
fore the end unconsciousness stole
gently upon him, so his end was peace
ful. The body was placed in a her
metically sealed casket and laid out j
on the deck of the steamer and a guard |
of honor placed over it.
The officers and men of the Penn
sylvania Regiment are vehement in
their denials of rumors which have j
been circulated about the country to the
effect that they had serious trouble
with the California troops. A story
has been going the rounds that in one I
of the first engagements of the recent
campaign the California boys shot reck
lessly into the ranks of the Pennsyl
vania Regiment and as a result they
were transferred from the firing line
to Negros Island.
"This story is a vile slander and an J
imputation on the patriotism and sol- ;
dierly bearing of both the California;
troops and our own regiment," ex- i
claimed an officer of high rank in the !
Pennsylvania Regiment when the sub
ject was broached last evening.
"When our "regiment first set foot on
California soil we were given a royal
reception. The people of San Francisco
were extremely kind and hospitable
'■ and every member of our regiment ap
preciated the cordial spirit shown us
Iby Californians. Down in Manila the
j California troops were not only re
spected, but well liked by every other
volunteer regiment down there.
"They were the same generous, warm,
hearted class of people who heralded
our arrival here with shouts of wel
come. They 'were sons of the people
who made our stay in San Francisco
pleasant, and besides they were fighters
from the ground up, and that made all
of us warm to' them."
"I am extremely sorry this story has
i been set afloat, for there is not one iota
of* truth in it. All the volunteer regi
ments in the Philippines were banded
together with* strong bonds of friend
: ship. There were no petty jealousies
■ between the regiments. In the field
! they stood together and fought, for
their country for the same glory and
the one flag.'' - -
.The Tenth Pennsylvania boys were
in some of the must important engage
j ments in the Philippines. On the night
of July 31 and early morning of August
1. 1898, in company with the Utah Light
Artillery, they were in the only spirited
contest with the Spaniards. The fight
lasted from 11:30 p. m. to 3 a. m. and
a typhoon played an accompaniment to
' the crack of the rifles. Reinforcements
arrived in the shape of the First Call-
| fornia arid Batteries H and X of the
Third Artillery, and the Spaniards re
tired. . ' •■'-'■ : "'i
The regiment participated in the ad
vance upon and capture of Manila, and
I on February 4. 1899, was in the first
; engagement with the insurgents. The
! fight began at 10 a. m. and ended at
i 4 p. m. in the capture of De Le Loma
Church, the most strongly fortified
' place In the hands of the Filipinos. The
! Pennsylvania boys made continuous
charges under heavy fire, and finally
carried the position.
:. The United States troops were led
j into a trap at Guigulnto bridge on
! March 29. There was a sudden hail of
fire from a crescent-shaped formation,
and the Tenth Pennsylvania had to
COLONEL ALEXANDER L. HAWKINS.
Colonel Alexander L,. Hawkins was born on a farm in East Bethlehem,
Washington County. Pa., September 6. 3843. He attended the public schools
and worked on the farm until 1". years of ape. when he entered George Creek
Academy. Smithfield, Fayette County, Pa.; entered Waynesburg College (soph
omore class) spring term of 1860, and remained there until Augiftt 7, _«>.2,wher_
he enlisted in Troop K. Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, as a private, and
with bis troop participated in the battle of Antietam. September IT. 186, after
which his command was ..ansferred to the Army of the Cumberland under
Gerferal Rosecrans. He served in the various grades of non-commissioned of
ficers, was promoted to first lieutenant, and in September. 1864. was promoted
to captain of his tro.-ip. serving with it in all battles in which the Army of the
Cumberland was engaged. Just prior to the muster out of his regiment, in
June. IMS, he was appointed an aid on the staff of Major General Clinton B.
Flak, and -.as-*air- agent of Uve KyMtftanaiy* H '.._>_»■*- sftseaioed In the service un
til 'January 21. ISfiG, when he- was must, red . ouT of the service: at Nashville.
Term.*" A commission as second lieutenant In the United States army was of
fered him. which he declined, returning to Pittsburg, Pa., engaging in the
drug business. He continued in this business for two years, when he sold out,
married, bought a farm in Beallsville, Washington County, Pa., and became a
dealer in wcol and live stock. In the fall of IT.", he was elected Treasurer of
Washington Copnty, and served in the years lSTfi. 1877 and 1878. after which he
returned to his former business, from which he retired in the summer of 1893,
removing to Washington. Fa., where he has since resided. He entered the
National Guard service of Pennsylvania January 1. 1877, as captain of Com
pany 11. Tenth Regiment, participating with his command In the Pittsburg
riots of July and August of that year. On February 27, UOT. he was com
missioned colonel of the regiment, and served continuously as such until mus
tered Into the United States service, on May 12. 1898. His command in the Na
tional Guard was present at and constituted part of the State forces sent to
quell the riots at Morewood, Pa., in 1&91, and at Homestead in 1892. He was
In command of his regiment In all the engagements in the Philippines, and
was commended for distinguished service in the battle of Malate, July 31, IS9B.
j sustain the full fire for forty minutes. '
The regiment was in the field almost I
continuously for a year and was only j
j withdrawn when the orders to come
: home arrived. i
An old story was revived in the '
THOSE WHO FELL ON LUZON'S
BATTLEFIELDS.
I TENTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS. W
© Killed and Mortally Wounded. •
1 JULY 31, 1898 NIGHT ATTACK ON AMERICAN LINES BEFORE MA- .L
• LATE— Private John Brady. Company I; Private Walter Brown.* Company T
A D; Private Jesse Noss, Company E;. Private Jacob Hull. Company E: Prl- q
• vat-*- Winfield Schneider. Company E: Private W. E. Brinston. Company E. J
m FEBRUARY. .'• TO S. IS99— BATTLE i OF MANlLA— Corporal Jacob Lin- £
™ dis. Company C: Private Allen R. Rockwell, Company C. . ' . .
y MARCH 24 TO 26, IS99— MALABON— Private Alls Newall. £
y\ MARCH 27, IS99— MIAILAO TO BACAVE— Private J. O. Kline. Com- T
__ pany H. . •'..-•-.<-..;. a
© MARCH 29, 1899— GUIGUINTO— Private Naiel- Stevens, Company I; Pri- J
1 vate Fred Genuine, Company C: Private Bert F. Ambrust, Company I. £
• Died of Wounds.
£ TOREK 8, Charles Hennessey. .7 7-.' •
I APRIL 1, IS9S— Private George A. Taylor, Company H. _
© . Died of Disease. *  - : . • ' v
L JANUARY 15, 1899— Private Frank Brain, Company C. smallpox. 9)
• Since January 15— Colonel Alex L. Hawkins; AVilliam H. Crabb, Company ;
X C: William Bra den, Company II; William Horn, mascot; Henry Weaver,*©
y Company X; James D. Munroe, Company 11, and William K. McAllister, I
X Company B. ©
I The Wounded. 1
• JULY 31. I?9'-NIGHT ATTACK BEFORE MALATE— Captain J. A. Lee, |
! Company B: Private C. H. Ernenhiiser. Company B; Private Howard Miner, 9
M Company R: Private S. D. Dobbs. Company B; Sergeant N. J. Huis. Com- |
! pany B; Private George AVasterburg. Company, B: Private W. J. Schiedler, £
© Company B; Corporal A. A. Pa pell. Company F; Private C. S. Carter, Com- |
I panv X; Private Albert Hummell, Company X., £
A FEBRUARY 5. IS99— MANILA— Major E. Brierer; Lieutenant Albert J. But- |
I termore; Sergeant Joseph Sheldon. Company Private Hiram Conger. Com- A
A pany D; Private Edward Caldwell, Company C; Private de Bault; Private j
1 James Kessler. •• • ' •«%
a FEBRUARY 25. 1899— Private Gilbert Cuite. Company C: Private J. A. y
1 Hennessey. •■-■7 v" ©
a MARCH 17. Second Lieutenant John G. Thompson; Private John Mc- y
i A'ev. Company C; Sergeant Alexander McCuaib. -_
JL MARCH 24 TO 26. 1899— MALABON-POLO— Private Charles C.Walker, ¥
• Company C; Private Eugene Morgan, Company- D; Private Vernon Kelly, L
__. Company K. '• 7.-V- ..' -77 -;7;" jjO'*. ''.''.'■". y
• MARCH 27. 1899— MIRILAO TO BOCAVE— Morris Barclay. Com- '
1 pany I; Private J. C. Micherey, Company I; Private Christopher Filbert, ©
y Company E. -f » '
1, " MARCH 28. IS99— BOCAA'E TO GUIGUINTO — Corporal Thomas Critch- M)
y field. Company D; Private Patrick Cummings, Company D; Private Ralph *
I Downs, Company C; Private M. H. West, Company -E; Private Alexander Q
© Young, Company H; Private Archibald Powell. Company I; Sergeant Frank J
I Sharp, Company X; Private Charles Rozenr.kel. Company D; Private Guy A
© Davis. Company »': Private John Rogers, Company L. . TT
1 MARCH 29, IS99— GUIGUINTO— Fi rst Sergeant Augustus Runaly, Com- A
© pany I; Sergeant Charles W. Ashcroft, Company C; Private William D. |
1 Lewis, Company C; Private James Novroper. Company D; Private Richard A
• Baer, Company E; Private George A. Taylor, Company H; Private Solomon V
I Rush, Company K. A
© MARCH 30. 189<t-GUIGUINTO TO MALOLOS— Private R. J. Knox. Com- ,
I pany E; Private William Monglehart, Company C; Private George B. Gimms, £
© Company B. :-:*.v. -'*'•'•:■_ '■■
i APRIL 26. 1899— CALUMPIT— Colonel Alexander L. Hawkins. Company H; @
© Private Blame Aikin. Company H; Sergeant John Thompson. Company H. j
i Since April 25— Private George B. Ganas, Company D; Private Roy J. B. £
• Knox. Company E; Private James McA'ey, Company E; Private Alexander
I 'McCauch, Company, C: Private John A. Hennesey, Company E; Private Gil- I
• bert Cuite, Company C. y
f* Pa rafefelsafe]s»felgs!fiaSaSafeßals^iSa^SiSal^^fe W
PEICE FIVE CENTS.
wounding of Lieutenant Colonel Bar
nett. He carried a Bible in the left
breast of his coat. A Filipino bullet
carried away a portion of the book but
the lieutenant colonel was only slightly
wounded. The Bible deflected the2
GOTHAM'S ARCHITECT
REFUSED TO ANSWER
TECHNICAL QUESTIONS
Suspicion That He Was Unable
to Do So — Mazet Commission
Resumes Its Work.
NEW YORK, Aug. The feature of
the Mazet executive investigating com
mittee, which to-day resumed Its ses
sions after about six weeks' vacation,
was the examination of Messrs. Hor
gan & Slattery, a firm of architects and
actors, who testified that they
have hail work on steamboats, jails,
gardens, station houses, dump scows,
etc., for various city departments. On
account of the amount of work per
formed by Horgan & Slattery, Mr.
Moss, the attorney for the committee,
applied to them the title of "Municipal
Architects." Mr. Moss devoted the
morning to trying to bring out facts
showing why this firm of architects
received many contracts in the city
and how it was that they had been al
lowed to condemn the plans of other
architects. Mr. Slattery declined to
answer certain questions touching his
qualifications as an architect, referring
Mr. Moss to his partner, Mr. Horgan,
and a lively controversy ensued.
Deputy Sheriff Mulvaney was the
first witness called. Mr. Moss, counsel
for the committee, wanted to know if
the Sheriff had taken any action to
stop gambling in, the absence of such
preventive steps by the police. The
deputy Sheriff said he was aware that
a statute provided for such action, but
believed it applied to such counties as
were infperfectly policed.
"Our object," explained Mr. Moss, "in
bringing you here was to call your at
tention to this section of the law which
makes it incumbent on Sheriffs to sup
press crime, Betting on horse races is
now practiced In this city to an extra
ordinary extent, and it is our intention
to bring this fact to the attention of
all the public authorities within the
provisions of this resolution."
Mr. Moss then called President
Michael O. Murphy, of the Health De
partment, and questioning him con
cerning work done by Horgan & Slat
tery, city architects.
. Colonel Murphy said Horgan &
Slattery had erected Williard Hospital.
There had been no- public competition
for this work.
- Arthur J. Horgan, of Horgan & Slat
tery. was called. He said he designed
the new city prison; that the- steel cells
cost $310,000, and that his firm got 5
per cent for their work. He had never
talked with John F. Carroll about the
work nor had he paid Carroll any
money. He had made most of the
drawings for the steel cells himself,
and none had been made by a Western j
designer.
Vincent J. Slattery, Horgan's part- j
ncr, confirmed Horgan's statement
that the firm had never paid any money
to Mr. Carroll. Slattery said that the
leading architects and architectural
papers had upheld his firm's criticism
of the work of John H. Thomas, who
drew the plans tor the new Hall of j
Records building.
"Was that criticism professional?" !
"It was and the city saved a million
dollars by it."
Mr. Slattery said his firm's report on
•Mr. Thomas' plan was drawn up by
Mr. Horgan. The witness objected to
many of the questions and spoke in a
Course of the bullet and saved Colonel
Burnett from instant death.
William Dorn, the mascot of the
Tenth, Pennsylvartians, was an Oregon
boy who attached himself to the regi
ment while it was in camp at the Pre
sidio. He had fiery red hair and the
boys christened him "Searchlight" in ,
consequence. He was a general favor
ite, and no one was more sincerely
mourned than the little mascot when
dysentery carried him away.
During a conversation aboard the
transport last night Lieutenant Colonel
James Barnett said: - -.'-'-7 7
"The boys are glad to get back to
God's country once again, but every
man in the regiment is sad and dis
heartened over Colonel Hawkins' death.
He was a soldier from the ground up
and beloved by all. When the army
started the campaign that led on to
Malolos Colonel Hawkins was then a
very sick man. His surgeons advised
him to return home, but he flatly re
fused. 'Where my men go I go,' he said,
and the last volley at Malolos found
him in the front rank cheering his men.
After Malolos he sank rapidlj'. Those
who knew his true condition had little
hope for his recovery. He was the
most sanguine of us all. As jet I can
not say when the regiment will disem
bark. We will take our orders from
general Shafter." . 7
In addition to the Pennsj'lvanla
troops four officers of other regiments
returned' on furloughs. Those who were
feu-tunate enough to receive well-mer
ited vacations were Captain Dyner and
LleuteharttFleming of the Sixth United
States Artillery, Lieutenant Merriam,
Third United States Artillery, and
Lieutenant Weigle of the First Wash
ington Volunteers. Lieutenant Merriam
isa son of General Merriam, who had
cqmmand of the troops which over
awed the Idaho strikers.
"The boys are all glad to get back,"
said Adjutant Oliver Scott. "We were
in the thickest of the flght at nearly
every' engagement and the boys are all
worn out. We had a rather sorrowful
Journej' across the Pacific. The death
of.. Colonel Hawkins was a sad blow to
the regiment. In every battle he was
-where the bullets flew fastest, cheering
the men on the heels of the flying Fili
pinos. He had heard the hum of flying
bullets before and the din of musketry
was music to his ears. Colonel Haw
kins never asked a man to go where
ha would not trust himself. On the
Sunday following Colonel Hawkins'
death Chaplain Hunter pronounced
simple death services over the body of
our dead hero. The boys of the regi
ment viewed the body and a guard of
hqnor was placed to guard it during
the remainder of the trip."
At Nagasaki the Senator was storm
bound for five days by the severest
series of typhoons that have occurred
in that vicinity during the last thirty
two years.
The Senator left Manila Bay on July
1 and arrived at Nagasaki on the sth.
When the storm abated the transport
started for Yokohama via the Inland
Sea. arriving there on the 15th. The
boys were given a short leave at that
pott and the day following the Senator
headed for home. ."7 V; : .77*;\v ; '.
Twenty stowaways" were discovered
after the steamer left Yokohama, some
of- whom boarded secretly at Manila.,
prominent among these passengers is
the "King of the Bums," a well-known
character among the troops. 7 7
A GALLANT RECORD.
Hew the" Pennsylvania Men
:. Won Fame and Honor.
£___rp__}HE Tenth Pennsylvania Regiment
.was the only one, with the excep-
THT*: Tenth Pennsylvania Regiment
wns the only one, with the excep
tion of Tennessee, B>ent by any
.]i State east of the Mississippi River
■,j to the Philippines, but their rec
ord as soldiers and fighters during the
two wars in which they took part is one
of which the whole Atlantic Coast' may
! loud and angry tone when Mr.' Moss
insinuated that he had been out of the .
city lately to avoid a subpena.
"What kind of marble, in your opin- '.
' ion," asked Mr. Moss, '.'is most suitable ;
for interior decorations in public build- :
, Ings?" : * :
"Connemara marble," said the wit- -
! ness. ■:.■.*. V
"Now, Mr. Slattery," said Mr. Moss,
"it has been charged in the public
press, In the newspapers, that you are
not an architect at all; that in fact
you do not know anything about ar
chitectural works. Is it a He?"
"Yes, it is a lie."
Mr. Horgan was recalled. He said
that in every instance he had drawn all
the plans and specifications for city
work himself.
"Which do you consider the most
, serviceable, an order parallelogram
beam or one with flanges?" asked Mr.
Moss.
"I prefer a beam with flanges."
"Give us the scientific explanation
as to why you do so."
"I am not here to give you theories as
to iron beams."
"Not to the city of New York, which
pays you?"
"You are not the city of New York.
I am not here to undergo an examina
tion as to my architectural abilities."
"That's just what you are here for."
"You are not fit to examine me."
"Prove to me my ignorance by an-
I swering the questions I ask."
"I don't have to."
At this point the court adjourned for ;
| recess. . *
After recess,' Frederick Clark With
ers of the firm of Withers & Dickson ;
! said his firm drew the plans for the
Tombs prison under the direction of
i Former Commissioner Wright. Early
in IS9B Commissioner Lantry informed :
: his firm that Horgan & Slattery would
j amend these plans.
Commissioner Lantry, the witness
said, told him that he wished to have j
1 architects in sympathy with the ad- j
ministration. It was intimated that j
1 the witness' firm had better retire from j
the work and finally they were dis
missed. The plans of witness' firm i
called for the construction of- cells cost- j
ing $170,000. Horgan & Slattery's plans
called for an expenditure of $310,000. !
Horgan & Slattery used more material I
than the original specifications called |
for in art decoration. Such art on j
prison cells was bad, Mr. Withers said,
because it gave a place for vermin to
lodge.
Mr. Moss read the original estimate
for the Tombs building, as prepared ;
by Withers & Dickson, and compared j
it item for item with the estimate In
the contract as finally awarded to Hor
gan & Slattery. The additional cost to
the city under the Horgan & Slattery
contract is $220,017.
Mr. Horgan jvas recalled and Mr.
Moss asked a great many technical
questions which witness refused to an
swer. Mr. Horgah said that the firm of |
Horgan & Slattery was a corporation. , :
Mr. Horgan and Mr. Slattery owned
most of the stock. No dividends had
been declared and no part of the In
come of the corporation had been used
to pay creditors.
The committee adjourned ■ until to
morrow. 7 • ... . . - ,
tbe proud. They have most nobly sus
tained the reputation, well earned on
1 many a bloody field from 1770 Ed 1m..".. of
the "old .'■ Keystone" .State" for- growing
; fighting men. '"■ • •'• l; ■ -
The regiment, under ■ the command of
1 Colonel A. L. Hawkins, left San Fran
cisco with the first military expedition
j May 25, 1898, and reached Cavite June
27. -On disembarking they took the place
. assigned to them in the advance line of
General Greene's forces," confronting the
! Spaniards. before 'Malate, and they soon
had good opportunity to show the kind
I of metal that was used In their molding.
: They showed it well and fully, both as
j to tension and temper, and at liberal, cost
of the blood of their best, and that, too,
I under circumstances that would have
i tried the qualities of well-trained veter
ans. :.••>.;
It was on the ever-memorable night of
July 31, the occasion of the first clash
! on land in the East left ween the Ameri
| cans and the Spaniards. The night was
pitch dark' and the: rain poured down in
torrents. Deeming it a fit moment to
surprise the green . Yankee volun
teers, General -Norine, commanding •at
Malate, hurled 2000 of his best troops
against the American- right, held by the
"Keystone" boys, while Ins guns swept
the Calle Real leading from Malate to
I Paranaque, across which- the America
; lines extended to the beach. The space
between Colonel Hawkins' right and the
long swamp running parallel to the road,
a stretch of some 250 yards, had been held
• by a body of insurgents, but in 'the earl
: hours of the night they quietly withdrew
! Colonel Hawkins learned of their' with
drawal, and with commendable caution
: threw three companies— D, E and X—
outside the trenches to cover his ex
posed .flank. There the men lay in the
' pouring rain, hardly expecting but yet
; ready for any attack. , .
At -11:80 p. m. it came. From the dense
i thicket skirting the swamps on the right
' came quick successions of volleys from
; many hundred Mausers. Then came the
attempt to "rush" the works. But. the
Dons were doomed to disappointment.
Though in ordinarily overwhelming num
bers, they found everj' Pennsylvania!! like
a true "keystone,*! as firm in his place
as If the whole arch depended on him.
Then, with the aid of the gallant Cali
fornians and the Utah boys, who, with
O'Hara's Third Artillerymen, had hurried
through the mud and storm of rain and
shot and shell to the scene of battle, they
I swept the surprised Spaniards back to
their own lines. It was a strong object
lesson 'as to the stamina of the American
volunteer soldier, and the Spaniards did
not soon forget.
In this sharp fight the brunt of .the
attack fell on the Pennsj'lvanians, and
when reinforced they had but four rounds
of ammunition left to each man, showing
\ that they were not Idle. Many Spaniards |
! fell before their lire, and six of their own j
I boys were killed and ton wounded, In- j
| eluding Captain J. A. Lee and six of his
, men of Companj- B, which was in the
thickest of the fight.
This was a fair sample of the; fight the
boys of the Tenth made throughout,
though their losses were . fortunately
never again so heavy in any single en
gagement. ,
When the Filipino attack came on the
American lines on February 4, 1899. the
Tenth Regiment was on the left of Hale's
brigade, not far from Santa Mesa, where
the Nebraskans made the opening fight,
and they bore well their part in the four
days of fighting that followed, losing. two
killed and seven wounded. Among the
wounded were Major Brleser and Lieuten
i ant Albert Butterihore.
They started with Mac Arthur In , the
Caloocan-Calumpit movement and were
| always right In the place where they
1 should have been. In the sixty daj'S of
i marching and fighting they helped. to
j christen with their blood every battle
i field— Malabon, Mirilao, BaCave, Gul
! guinto, Malolos and Calumpit, at which
latter place their gallant colonel was
: wounded while leading his men to the
j assault. '• ...-; ;.
i No men in the whole army performed
| their duty more fully or more readily,
whether in camp, on the march or on the
j Held, than did the gallant fellows from !
the sides and shadows of the Alleghanles I
in far away Pennsylvania.
Well may their State be proud of them!
TROOPS AT THE ORPHEUM
Nebraska and Utah Men Visit
the Theater in a Body. -
By Invitation of the Orpheum manage
ment the second Installment of volunteers
who came in on the Hancock were enter
tained at .that theater last evening.
There were 450 there, all looking for a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 2, 1890.
INSURRECTION OF
YAOUIS SPREADING
ST. LOUIS. Aug. I.— W. Mar
shall, a business man of this city,
who is well acquainted with the
Yaqui River Valley in Mexico and
who has just returned from that
region, gives some interesting informa
tion regarding the insurrection there.
He says the Indians live on land grant
ed them by the Mexican Government
at the close of the ten years' war in
1897. These lands, he states, are con
stantly being encroached upon by the
Mexicans, and this, in connection with
the excitement aroused by vigorous,
dancing which was going on when he
left there, has led to the outbreak.
Yaqui War Party Retiring From a Raid.
There are five military posts in the
I lower valley, which were garrisoned by
j about 1500 troops when Marshall was
I there two weeks ago. Fully. 2500 In
j dians are on the warpath and as they
j are splendid fighters and well armed,
i Mr. Marshall says the present Mexican
; force in their country is no match for :
them. Reinforcements are on the way
there, however, and a battery and some
sixty cases of arms are said to have
* passed through El Paso en route to the
scene of the trouble within the past
I three days. '
Late advices received from Guaymas,
1 State of Sonora, Mexico, confirm the
persistent rumors of an uprising of the
Yaquis, who are gathering in the moun
; tains and valleys about the river Me
: dano in large numbers.
On the morning of July 28 J. M. Rem
' ley, an American, and for many, years
, express agent at Hermosillo, while driv
ing to Alamos in a buggy in company
with Mr. Miller, an American photog
rapher, encountered the Indians In
large force and was killed, together
with his companion, and the buggy
| burned.
At Medano, on the river of that name,
| the Yaquis boldly attacked the ship
j ping, setting fire to launches •and
schooners and killing several persons,
j among them Aurelio F. Paredes, a
< prominent merchant, who was on board
j the schooner Alondra, about to leave
for Guaymas.
The Indians were finally repulsed by
the inhabitants, led by Commissioner
D. Abram Ayala. It is learned on good
authority that the Yaquis have been
laying in stores and ammunition for
several months, preparing for a final
i outbreak, and it is feared that they are
! well prepared for a long and stubborn
i campaign. ' ; ?7 :
At San Jose de Guaymas the 'excite
| ment runs high over an anticipated at
■ tack at that place, and uneasiness is
! felt over the effect the uprising will
have on the Indians about the river
i Mayo, who are in a state of restless
• ness. . ..- - .
The Yaqui Indians inhabit the valley of
good time and all ready to applaud with
hand or tongue. It was announced from
the stage that the men were present and
who thej- were, and a round of applause
was their greeting. The orchestra played
national airs and every one applauded and
shouted and cheered until they were tired.
They cheered California and San Fran
cisco, the Orpheum, Colonel Mulford and
all their officers, but they hissed and hoot
ed at the name of Otis.
The men were furnished with tickets
through Colonel Mulford of the Nebraska
regiment. About 100 of those attending
last night were Utah men.
c ♦ ■
Washington in Mourning.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. I.— The sad
Intelligence of the death of Colonel
Hawkins was received here to-night
and the town is in mourning. This is
the home town of the colonel, and his
family and his closest friends, live here.
Mrs. Hawkins was almost prostrated
when she was told the shocking news
of her husband's death. Her onlj
daughter, Jessie, too, was distracted
with grief. Mrs. Hawkins did not know
her husband had been 111 until two days
ago. J "
PLANS FOR THE
RETURN TO OREGON
A BIG REGIMENT WILL FOLLOW
GENERAL SUMMERS HOME.
Receptions Awaiting the Troops All
X Along the Line — Nebraskans
and Batterymen Com
fortable.
Preparations for the return of the Ore
gon volunteers have been completed, and
now the regiment is only waiting for the
day when It* will be mustered out of the
service. Eight hundred and fifty of the
men will go home on the special train.
It will leave this city on the morning of
August 8 and will proceed direct to Port
land. On the. way, however, it will drop
two of the companies that wish to be let
off at their own homes. The companies
are B. which; is from Roseburg, and C,
from Eugene.. The other nine Companies
will continue on to Portland.
The Governor of Oregon will meet the
troops at the State line, and he will travel
to Portland with them. It has been ar
ranged that they will have dinner at Ash- i
1
the river of the same name emptying Into
the Gulf of California just below the city
Of Guaymas. On the north and south of
them are their neighbors and kindred, the
Sui and the Mayo tribes, and the three
have long been a source of almost con
stant trouble to the Mexican Govern
ment and enemies to the peace and lives
of the other inhabitants of the province
♦. ' 4
4 EL PASO, Tex., Aug. I.— Luis 4
4 F. Trude, who spent the past 4
4 three months In the heart of the 4
4 Yaqui Indian country, reached 4
4 here this evening by the way of 4
4 Casas Grandes and reports that 4
4 on June 24 and 25, while on the 4
4 Rio Cedros, in Sonora, he met 4
4- three bands of Yaquis heavily 4
4- armed, numbering about 400 -ft
4- men, many of whom spoke Eng- 4
4- lish and who said they were 4
4 miners and bound for Yaqui 4
-4; Valley to protect their 'peoples 4
-4 and homes. They said the Am- 4
4- ericans had never been and 4
4 would not now be molested. 4
4 They said they would annihilate 4
4- the Mexican soldiers who yen- 4
4 tured to invade their country 4
4 from the eastward as they came 4
4 through the Sierra Madre Moun- 4
4- tains. The fighting men will re- 4
4 tire into the mountains of South- 4
4 eastern Sonora and there await 4
4 the Mexican soldiers. They 4
4 claim the present war has been 4
4* brought about by the unfaith- 4
4 fulness of the Mexican Govern- 4
4 ment, which two years ago gave 4
4 them certain lands in the Yaqui* 4
4 Valley and is now granting the 4
4 same to individuals and corpo- 4
4 rations for speculative purposes. 4
4 4
444444444444444444
: of Sonora, in which they live, and rhey
! are likely to continue to do so until some
show of justice Is given them in regard
ito tholr retaining their land holdings,
which they claim to hold by right of oc
i cupation for centuries back and by con
: firmation of title by the King of Spain
long before the Mexican Government was
, thought of. .'.•;■
When Mexico revolted and established
her independence the Yaquis refused to
recognize the new Government and pro
claimed their own Independence and au
tonomy. Since then the effort to obtain
land, just over the Oregon line, an after
noon lunch at Grants Pass and a late
supper at Roseburg. followed by a recep
tion. Breakfast next day will be given
the troops at Eugene, dinner at Salem,
and it Is expected that by 2 o'clock of the
third day the men will reach Portland.
The public ceremonies at Portland will
commence as soon as the troops arrive.
They will turn over their colors to the
State and then the regiment will formally
disband. This will not end matters, how
ever, for a reception to the soldiers will
follow. The whole population of Portland
will be the reception committee, and a
royal time is promised the troops. About
thirty of the men will go to Portland by
steamer, and nearly 100 have announced
their intention of remaining here; but
the remainder of the regiment will travel
home on the special train.
Captain I'resscott, Company D; First
Lieutenant Crowne, regimental adjutant,
and First Lieutenant Brazee, battalion ad
jutant, all of the Oregon regiment, have
been allowed captains' commissions in the
Thirty-fifth Infantry, now being recruit
ed on this coast, and they have received
orders to join their new command imme
diately.
The body of acting Hospital Steward
Charles H. Shelton, who died at Manila,
was sent to the Presidio yesterday, it
was burled with military honors.
The Nebraska regiment has settled down
into the routine of camp life again, al
though this time the routine is not a hard
one. There is only a very small guard
posted, and the men are required, to be
present but twice a. day— at reveille and
retreat. At the Utah camp the same rou
tine is followed. i . . •
The work of mustering out the new
comers has been started. The Nebraska
regiment will take the usual two weeks,
but the Utah men will be ready much
sooner. On the way over the officers of
the Utah battalion worked hard at the
battalion's papers, and as a consequence
they are practically ready. Before the
batteries left Manila they turned over to
the Third Artillery their guns and equip
ment, and this relieves them of a good
deal of work now. The commissary also
closed up his accounts, and the batteries
have only to get the men's papers in
proper form. This will be finished to-day.
One of General Shatter's horses took
fright at a body of troops yesterday and
Injured itself so badly It was shot. The
horse was being broken and for exercise
the teamster hitched it with another
horse to General Shafter's private car
riage and drove the team around the pa
rade ground.. The young horse shied at a
squad of soldiers, drilling near b>* and
pulled the carriage against a loaded
truck. There was a mix-up and the car
riage was wrecked and the driver was
thrown out. The half-broken colt was
thrown among the wreckage in such a
way as to break both fore leg...
News was received yesterday by Cap
from them recognition of the authority
and law of Mexico has led to frequent
collisions between them and the Govern
ment troops; pitched battles have been
fought and though generally beaten by
superior forces and forced to retreat for
• the time, they have never yet been sub
dued.
The whole population does not number
over 20,000, but they are fine .specimens
of physical manhood and good fighters,
as their defeat of General Gareia's army
In June, 1886, with a loss of 400 men killed,
including the general himself, well at
tests. ' "■ ■ ■ ■*■'-'
Their method of fighting Is one taught
them by nature and experience. When
beaten they retreat into the almost in
accessible fastnesses of the Sierra Madres,
whither the Government troops dare not
follow them, and there await the depart
ure of the troops, when they again de
scend and clear out the people who have
established themselves on their lands.
The Y'aquis are good agriculturists when
allowed to till their farms in- peace, and
their valley being rich and fertile has
tempted covetous men with little regard
for right to take advantage of the pe
culiar features of the Mexican laws in
regard to taking up land and file claims
on the Y'aqul holdings. These, of course,
understanding little of law and moved by
a sense of injustice, have resisted the
seizure, and troops have been called out
to enforce the law— that is. put the new
claimant in possession of the Yaqui land
taken under the law. The Yaquis have
stood together and made good fights after
their fashion, and when compelled to do
so retired, only to return when the troops
were withdrawn to take forcible posses
sion of their own again. This has been
going on for many years. Formerly they
had but few firearms, but when the So
nora railroad to Guaymas was built they
furnished a large proportion of the labor
ers, and with the money earned Win
chester rifles were purchased, with which
they have been much more formidable
antagonists than before and are more
conscious of their own strength.
Their last uprising in 1896 was followed
by a treaty between the head men of the
tribe, who took the direction of affairs
after King Cajiml's death, and the Mexi
can Government, in which certain pledges
and guarantees were given In regard' to
their titles and possession of the lands
claimed by them. The ignoring of those
pledges by the land grabbers, with semi
official approval, is what has caused the
present outbreak. ' ....'.
tain J. A. Poorman, Company M. of the
Oregon regiment, to the effect that three
missing men of his company—
Mills, James E. Lawrence and Ralph Mc-
Coy, were ln the hands of the Filipinos.
It was supposed that the men were dead.
Tho news is not taken as authentic.
Eight hundred recruits for the transport
Indiana left the Presidio yesterday on the
quartermaster's steamer McDowell. The
detachment of cavalry to guard Yosemite
Park also marched away and boarded a
special train, which took it south.
Hunter Klnzle son of Colonel Klnzie;
Lieutenant C. B. Kilbourne, volunteer
signal corps, and Lieutenant Rhees Jack
son, Oregon volunteers, were examined for
commissions in the provisional army yes
terday.
A general order assigning Captain Ar
thur C. Ducat to duty as aid on the de
partment commander's staff has been is
sued.
That part of recent orders assigning act
ing Assistant Surgeon Carl H. Andersen
to the transport Indiana has been re
voked, and Dr. Andersen has been as
signed to duty at the general hospital at
the Presidio. .%■ . :
MINNESOTA REGIMENT
THE NEXT TO SAIL
.WASHINGTON, August . Under the
date of to-day General Otis cables the fol
lowing from Manila to the War Depart
ment: "The transport Pennsylvania ar
rived this morning. No casualties."
The transport Pennsylvania sailed from
San Francisco July 1. Colonel A. S. Burt,
Twenty-fifth, commanding, with head
quarters, B, F, I, X, and M, Twenty
fifth Infantry, and recruits, twenty-two
officers and 917 enlisted men. " *
According to a dispatch received to-day
by the War Department from General Otis
a good many of the Northwestern volun
teers have enlisted in the new regiments
being organized in skeleton in the Philip
pines. Following is General Otis' tele
gram:
' "MANILA, July 31.— Adjutant General;
Washington: The transport Grant sailed
yesterday with seventy-eight officers,
eight citizens and 1353 soldiers and dis
charged men of the Wyoming, North Da
kota and Idaho organizations. Left be
hind about 200 discharged men, a good
many of whom have re-enlisted. The only
sick soldier left was Corporal Frank Gore,
Company H, Wyoming. The Minnesota
regiment and discharged men will go
next; the ship will leave in a very few
days." . ■ „. < --.'
Santa Clara Milk Company, 721 Howard
street. Pure country milk, 6c per quart.
Telephone Main 1695. -- ■.< *
DEATH'S HAND LAID
ON JAMES GREGSON
father of the First White Child
Boro in California Passes
Away.
SANTA ROS4 Aug. I.— News of the death of James Gregson was -
• received here with profound regret to-day. He parsed away after J
' Hveril weeks' illness afhis home in Green. Valley. He was one of the %
? most widely known pioneers, coming to California long before the gold J
I excitement He arrived here in 1845. He was a blacksmith at Fort Sut- ft
T "ter "fo? Captain John Sutter. At the time General Vallejo was a prls- 7
© oner of the bear flag party at Fort Sutter Gregson had care of him. ft
I Greeson served with Fremont from 1846 to IS4B. '
• in 1850 he purchased a ranch .Green." Valley Sonoma. County, •
I where he has since resided. At the time gold was discovered Gregson %
• «-__"«_ hnildimr a mill for Captain Sutter at Colma. i
i Oregon was the father of the first white child born at Fort Sutter, ft
I He was a prominent Mason, being a member of long standing of La- I
ft fayette Lodge of Sebastopol. The funeral will occur on Thursday. ©
ft- ©- ©-©-©*-© -©-©- •-• -•- •- •- •-•-'«-• -•-«- •-• -•
ROOT TAKES THE
OATH OF OFFICE
Formally Installed as
Secretary of War.
— ♦ —
CONGRATULATED BY ALGER
<►—
THE CEBEMONY WITNESSED BY
MANY OFFICIALS.
■ ■ ♦
Retiring Secretary Left at Noon for
His Home in Detroit—Meikle
john Transacts Official
Business.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 1. — Mr. Elihu j
Root took the oath of office as Secretary ;
of War at 10:45 a. m. to-day. The cere- |
mony ocurred in the large offlce of the j
Secretary of War, in the presence of Sec- j
retaries Gage and Hitchcock, Assistant
Secretary Meiklejohn, a large number of I
army officers in uniform and other em
ployes and officials. The oath was admin
istered by Judge Cole of the Supreme
Court of the District of Columbia.
Secretary Alger arrived at the War De
partment at 10:40, accompanied by Mr.
Root, for whom he had called in his car- ;
riage. They went immediately to the !
Secretary's private office, where were
Secretaries Gage and Hitchcock, and j
were soon joined by Adjutant General
Corbin and Major Hopkins, the latter be
ing the military secretary of Secretary
Alger. A moment later Assistant Secre
tary Meiklejohn and Judge Cole entered
and were formally presented to the new !
Secretary. The latter's commission,
bearing date to-day, was in possession of j
Adjutant General Corbin.
By this time a number of army officers
had gathered in the main office, and Mr.
Root and Secretary Alger and other mem
bers of the party had entered the room.
It was 10:45 when Mr. Root stood up and
took the oath of office. Judge Cole then
addressed hifn as "Mr. Secretary' and
shook hands and congratulated him. Gen- ,
eral Alger next advanced and shook his
hands most cordially, saying with evident
feeling: -'".*". -■'■•/ ".- - ' , ;''**'
"With all my heart I congratulate you i
and the administration. You will nnd
around you here men who will help In ;
the arduous duties of your position. May
God bless you and give you strength. '
Secretary Gage then stepped forward
and congratulated Secretary Root. He
was followed by Secretary Hitchcock,
Assistant Secretary Meiklejohn. Ad
jutant General Corbin and Chief Clerk ,
Schofield.
General Alger picked up the commie
sion signed by the President and attest
ed by the Secretary of State, appointing
Mr. Root Secretary of War.
"Here is your commission," he said
with a smile, handing It to Mr. Root, "In
which you lose your identity and become
•Mr. Secretary.' I go back to become a
sovereign citizen of the United States and
become 'Mr. Alger.' "
"I sincerely wish it were the other
way," said Mr. Root as he accepted the
parchment.
Then the officers were presented to Sec- j
retarv Root by Victor L. Mason, the j
confidential secretary of the Secretary of
War. As soon as they were introduced j
they passed on and shook hands with
General Alger. Nearly all stopped to ex
press their regrets upon his retirement
and wish him success in the future. They
also thanked him for his consideration
and many acts of kindness and for his
uniform courtesy during the time they j
had been associated with him.
General Miles appeared with his staff in j
the full dress uniform of the major general !
commanding the army. He stopped to !
talk to Secretary Root for some time long- j
er than any of the others. v -
Following the presentation of the officers
the civilian officials and clerks of the de- |
partment came in and shook hands with
Secretary Root and said farewell to the !
retiring Secretary.
Secretary Gage, before leaving the room, '
went- up to General Alger, shook him cor- 1
dially by the hand, bidding him good-by. j
General Alger left at 12:45 o'clock to-day
for his home In Detroit. '■■~%<u ,^< s _id
The last official act of Secretary Alger
was to sign the requisition for an allot
ment of $20,000 for transports. Secretary
Alger intended that his last act should
be the signing of the order directing Ma
jor Charles Bird, assistant quartermaster,
to accompany the transport Thomas to
Manila when she waa ready. He signed
such an order, but the other business was
presented a few minutes later.
Secretary Root did not perform any of
ficial business to-day. As General Alger
is Secretary and draws the salary for to
day lt was thought best to avoid any legal
complications by having the business of
the department performed by Mr. Meikle
john as acting secretary. I
GRAND STAMM INSTALLATION.
Officers for th« Ensuing Year In
ducted Into Office.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. I.— After the
Grand Stamm, Independent Order of
Red Men (German), had installed the
newly elected officers day, the grand
chief appointed the following officers:
Grand marshal, H. Schreiber; grand
herald, O. Drelfer; grand .warrior, J.
Friskie; grand T. G., J. Keifer; grand
F. G., John Wundner; grand sentinel,
H. Beck. yyy,:
The reports of the grand officers were
approved upon the recommendation of
the general committee. The reports of
the district deputies also were ap
proved. The per capita tax was fixed
at 25 cents for each. term of six months.
The per capita tax of the Daughters of
Pocahontas was fixed at 25 cents a
year. 'y'l^iiiypy
The following district' deputies were
appointed: Second district (San Jose),
Peter Warkentin; third district (Sac
ramento); Otto Wilhelm; fourth- dis
trict (Santa Cruz), Carl Beck; fifth dis
trict (Los Angeles). H. Joerimann;
sixth district (Oakland), W. Dannheim.
Fire in a Packing House.
WOODLAND, Aug. I.— Fire broke out in
the second story of the Yolo orchard
packing house at 11:30 o'clock to-day. A
spark from the engine is supposed to
have entered by way of the ventilator.
The framework and celling were burned
and tho galvanized roof fell in. Th:> walls
and first floor of the building are of con
crete. A lot of fruit, boxes and trays
were on the second floor. All were saved
but a half -ton of fruit. Hard and sys
tematic work kept the flames confined to
the I second floor and • prevented a more
disastrous conflagration. The loss is esti
mated at $3000, insured.
BRYAN ASSAILS
CHANGED POLICY
Denounces the War in
the Philippines.
.. — —
JUSTICE NOT ON OUR SIDE
— —
ALL TRADITIONS OF THB NA
TION VIOLATED.
♦
Democratic Leader Does not See How
Any Believer in Christianity
Could Favor Forcible
Annexation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug, I.— Colonel Wil
liam J. Bryan discusses the Philippine
question in this week's Independent.
He says in part:
The Declaration of Independence asserts
that Governments derive their just pow
ers from the consent of the governed, ana
this is the doctrine which we have ad
hered to for more than a century.
if the doctrine set forth in the Declara
tion of Independence is sound, how can
we rightfully acquire sovereignty -oyer
the Filipinos by a war of conquest? If the
doctrine set forth in the Declaration of
Independence is sound, how can we
rightfully purchase sovereignty from a
Spanish sovereign whose title we disputed
in Cuba and whose rebellious subjects wo
armed in the Philippines?
In the beginning of the Spanish war
Congress denied that our nation had any
thought of extending its territory by war.
If we then had no thought of securing by
conquest new territory in the western
hemisphere, why should we now think of
securing in the eastern hemisphere new
races for subjugation? 7 * ;i
It ls surprising that any believer in self
government should favor forcible annexa
tion, but still more surprising that any
one who believes in the Christian religion
should urge the substitution of force for
reason in the extension of our nation's
influence. -.'•; , ,
If we adopt the gunshot gospel in the
Philippines how long will it be before
that principle will be transplanted in
American soil? So long as our arguments
are addressed to the reason and the heart
our progress is sure; but can we, without
danger to Christianity, desert to the an
cient plan of injecting religion into the
body through bullet holes? __
The question is frequently asked, what
can we do? Nearly two months elapsed
between the signing of the treaty and the
beginning of hostilities in the Philippines.
During that time the President and Con
gress might have given to the Filipinos
the same assurance of independence that
was given to the Cubans. Such assurance
would have prevented bloodshed.
If the President is not willing to take
the responsibility of enforcing the doc
trine set forth in the Declaration of In
dependence he can call Congress together
and let it take the responsibility. A spe
cial session would be less expensive than
the war, not to speak of the principles
involved. ________________
WAGES MAY BE RESTORED.
Naval Board to Reopen the Mara
Island Case.
VALLEJO, Aug. I.— The Secretary of
the Navy has authorized the board of
wages at the Mare Island navy yard tor
take additional testimony in the matter
of the adjustment of wages at the yard.
The workmen's pay had been cut by tha
board at its last meeting, and a vigor-,
ous protest to Washington followed, tha
action of the Secretary of the Navy be-,
ing the result. .'-';;' 7 '.•-.-'
The board will meet to-morrow after
noon at 2 o'clock and will hear testi
mony from the workmen and from
those -who have been active in their in
terests. State Senator J. J. Luchsinger,
who has espoused the cause of the men,
will be one of the principal witnesses.
The action of the Secretary of tha
Navy virtually reopens the case. The
outcome is still in doubt, but the men
hope it will result in a restoration of
the former schedule. ; :
Ocean Water Tuh Baths.
101 Beventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Waste Not, r m
Want Not"
Ltttte leaks bring to and little im-
purities of the blood, if not attended to,
Bring a "Want" of health. iy Hood's Sar-
saparilla is the one and only specific thai
ivill remove all blood humors and impuri-
ties, thereby putting you .into a condition
of perfect health and strength.
DR. ABORN,
EYE, EAR, CATARRH, ASTHMA AND LUNG
SPECIALIST.
OVER THIRTY YEARS' PRACTICE.
His Inhalation, Building Up and Vitalizing
Treatment Give Instant Relief and Cure when
ordinary methods fall. Aborn's Essay, on tha
Curability of Consumption, with evidences o<
some extraordinary cures, can be had upon
application.
OFFICE and. RESIDENCE, 554 SUTTEIS
STREET., bet. Powell and Mason, San Fran-
cisco. HOURS— 3:30 to 12 and 2 to 4. -
A visit DR. JORDAN'S greatJ
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A Ch 1051 1U2SZT St. U\- C'.hi7.h , S.F.CtI. i
_ <Cf The Largest Anatomical Museum in tht \
ff Aqfaegw World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
J_' _S£sto disease P---' Jtiv '- , 7eu-e«.<_ by the oldest V
9 #«31l : 'P e< ' 1 '' i"<'*' the Coast Est. 36 year*. %
6 i_qj___ DR. JORCAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4$
A l€Swß T Co * '* lt ' c ' free »nd strictly private \
&ll A7^__U "ment personally or by letter A J
__\u000f\ - nw " v ' Curaln ever >* ease undertaken. \
_tFI- lleft ">" '« Book. PniLONOPHY«f A
T M 117 «*BHIeiOE, MAILED FREE. (AF
A (I .ti »»luable book for men) . . ,; \
7 »R. JOBDA>'(tl'n..i-..i Market St. 9. F. 9DISASTROUS STORMS
SWEEP THE COAST OF
CHINA AND JAPAN
Town of Oita Fell Into the River
and Hundreds of People
Perished.
_MHlMWlflllM 3t ira3i i, frVTi,, , .i... -n.n
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. I.— The Oriental \
steamer Victoria, which reached here to- j
day, reports that before she left Kobe a
typhoon was raging which threatened se- :
rious damage to shipping. The steam
ships City of Peking and the Doric were
both held over for a day, and the North
German Lloyd steamer Hohenzollern was
obliged to run back to Kobe because if
the storm. The typhoon was severely felt
at Kobe.
The damage done by the big hurricane
which raged along the Japanese coast,
and of which news was brought by the
steamer Rio Jun Maru a few days ago.
was even more serious than y: was then
reported. Between three and four hundred
people are reported to have lost their
lives. The little bamboo-built town of
Oita seems to have suffered the most.
According to an investigation by the Japa
nese authorities 4"' houses were swept
into the river by the fall of an embank
ment 3000 ken in length, and some 120
men, women and children went down to
their death in the falling debris. In Ashi
iimamura seventy houses were washed
'away and fifty "people were killed and ,
thirty more are missing. A train on the
Yrnaga and Sanyor Railway was swept
from the track and ten people were killed.
China also seemed to have suffered re- I
POLITICAL CRISIS
IN BRUSSELS
Cabinet Has Resigned in
a Body.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BRUSSELS. Aug. The constitu
tional crisis reached its second stage
to-day by the resignation of President
M. Van den Perboom.
W r ith his fall the ultramontane party
has been overthrown and the turn has
come of the moderate Catholics, who
probably will soon be superseded by a
liberal, semi-socialist Cabinet.
Belgium is going to try proportional
representation in order that the Parlia
ment may be an absolute mirror of
public opinion. At least such is the
platform of the new Cabinet which M.
D,Pmet de Naeyer is called upon to
form]
The question is whether the present
I Parliament provides a sufficient ma
jority for passing such a reform bill.
There is also a split on the same sub
ject in the Liberal and Socialist oppo
sition, the Socialists wishing a ple
biscite beforehand or that the repre
sentation of the minority be accom
panied by universal suffrage. The out
re-me may, therefore, be a triumphant
alliance of the moderate Catholics and
Liberals at the expense of the extreme
i^r tics •'.---■».' '-.-'-
A vfo'ent Socialist street agitation
has made this a time of great anxiety
for the King. His Majesty has been
instrumental in bringing about the re
tirement of M. Van den Perboom. This
was wise en his part and probably
more wisdom may be expected from
him in the anxious moments about to
SAVING IN COLLECTIONS.
Report of Internal Revenue Commis- j
sioner for the Year.
WASHINGTON, Aug. The annual
preliminary report of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue for the fiscal year
ended June 30. 1899 shows that the re
ceipts from all sources of internal rev
enue for the year. aggregated J273.484.082
which amount included $274 Jf tax on
money orders turned over by the Post
master General to the Collector for the
District of Maryland and for which no
exi-ense for collection was incurred, mak
ing an increase of $102,617,763 over the re
ceipts for the fiscal year ended June 30,
1S The expenses of the bureau for th*> fiscal
year approximate $4,584,145; and the per
centage of cost for collection, predicated
on these figures, less tax on money orders.
will be 1 68, a reduction of .61 in the per
centage of the cost of collection as com
pared with the preceding fiscal year, when
the percentage of cost was 2.29.
Canadian Fishermen Freed.
SEATTLE, Aug. I.— lnstructions have
been received by United States Attorney
Gay to release under bond seven fishing
boats belonging to Canadian fishermen
which were, seized at Point Roberts last
week wing to the belief that the fish
ermen were unintentionally fishing In
American waters no penalty will be en
forced.
1 §Are
2 i£ l 2 V ft| ,
3 iuu
— ' *
Heart disease creeps upon one insidiously,
that is, clr.wlv and unconsciously. Oftentimes
wht - one begins to realise it. organic destruc-
tion has slreadv taken place.
You need not suffer such consequences, for
the figure will diagnose your case In l } m *- be-
fore th- danger -line is reached. An Impaired
heart's action makes Itself known by frequent
headaches. Fig. 1-Flushing of cheeks or face
upon Slight exert Figs. I, 3 -Z lrreß V la^.l 1 0 ,J v "
tering at times fpalpltatton). Fig. 4- eak-
ne.s of limbs. Fig Cold hands and feet.
dizrv spell?, tendency to faint, shortness of
breath pair, in left side, and irregular pulse.
If one or more of the above synij.toms are
present, by all means "take HUDIAN. _.__?.
TAN Is Intended for such conditions, and will
promptly strengthen the action of the heart
and rebuild Its structure HUDYAN ha* cer-
tainly reduced the fatalities from heart dis-
ease 'to a great extent. proye __^
* ?as Statistics prove that
■» i a about one person out
I MFN ANn of five sufTers from
WO MFN heart disease, and yet
A^V/IC Jf^e those who avail th -* m *
I A 2d!_^- 9esves nt HUDYJCN
FREE. live to a ripe old age.
I Call or Write. Heart disease, if al-
+ *■ lowed to proceed In
Its own course, soon ends In sudden death.
To all people who experience the above symp-
toms HUDYAN Is a blessing indeed.
HUD YAH is for sale by all druggists for BOc
a package or six packages for tl 50.
If _#ir druggist does not keep HUDYAN
send direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Elk and Market Ste..
, SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
You May Consult the Hudyan Doc-
tors About Your Case Free of Charge.
Call or Writs.
cently from storms. On July 4 many
thousands of acres of rice crops were
destroyed at Sheong Ymi and Le J "K-
Some houses collapsed and several chil
dren were washed away. Heavy rains,
which were accompanied by thunder ana
squalls, did much damage in Canton ana
vicinity. Several junks were wrecked.
The most terrible accident was that
which happened to a junk on its return
voyage from Canton to Fan Hu. me
vessel foundered in a sudden squall near
Loakhnge. There were over eighty pas
sengers, men, women and children, on
board. About sixty persons, mostly
women and children, were drowned. Ihe
charitable Institutions in Canton sent
boats to pick up corpses and about forty
have i" en recovered. .
The Hakodate correspondent of tne
Japanese Daily Advertiser writes under
date of July 10: 7,. ■'-
The American whaling barks Charles
W Morgan, with 12t*0 pounds of sperm oil
and 65 pounds of ambergris, and th. Cali
fornia. Captain Smith, with 900 pounds of
ambergris. 1260 pounds of whale oil and
3000 pounds of whalebone, arrived here to
day Both vessels had a very successful
reason. Captain Smith reports that on
Slay 3. while the second officer's boat was
fast to a large sperm whale, the line was
fouled in the boat, which was drawn
under water. and before assistance
reached the crew a seaman named Mar
tin Cosgrove. aged 25. a native of Hart
ford. Conn., was drowned.
CREDITORS LEFT
IN THE LURCH
Will Knippenberg Flees
From Los Angeles.
<
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. I.— Will Knippen
berg. best known among bicyclists as
"Crimson-Rim Knip," is missing. His ■
wife knows nothing of his whereabouts, j
and anxious creditors are equally in the .
dark. Mrs. Knippenberg thinks he went
to San Francisco on July 8. A close friend
Of "Crimson Rim" says that his departure ;
occurred the following day. Instead of
j going to San Francisco Knippenberg
I started for Chicago.
Mrs. Knippenberg is sure she is deserted
j by the husband she married ten years ago,
j and that the maintenance of her two boys
1 rests upon her alone. She has been joined ,
i by her father, Mr. Maxwell of Indianapo
; lis, and expects to return with him to the
parental roof.
The action of Knippenberg is a surprise
i to all who knew him. The manner of his
! going is a shock to those to whom he
owed money. Some say the aggregate of j
his indebtedness is $2000.
The financial methods of Knippenberg
subjected him to criticism even from his
best friends. Through the First National
Bank he drew a draft upon the Hecla
Consolidated Mining Company of Mon
tana for $250. Because of his being
known he was able to receive the casn
without waiting for returns from Mon
tana. In due time the draft came back ■
dishonored. Not - of this fact, sent by
the bank to Mrs. Knippenberg. was the
first certain proof that her husband's de- ;
parture was to be of long duration. Be- ,
fore action could be taken by the bank a
telegram was received saying a check in
settlement was on the wav, and that the
draft would be honored. Henry Knippen
berg of Melrose. Mont., the father of will,
said to be very wealthy, is connected with
the bank at Melrose and, it ls supposed.!
paid the draft.
Knippenberg was financial secretary ana
treasurer of Rev. Burt Estes Howard's
j Church of the Covenant. I
CHATHAM ESTATE
HEIRS IN COURT
Hearing of the Petition of the Ad- j
ministratrix Continued to
August 10.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. I.— ln the
matter of the petition of Robert S. Chat- 1
h;.m and Maria E. Chatham to determine i
their claims to the estate of Robert Mills,
deceased; the attorneys for all parti*-- in- j
terested appeared in the Superior Court ;
this morning, this being the day appoint- ;
ed for them to hie their written appear- j
ances. E. F. Fitzpatrick and George C.
Ross of this place and Wilson & Wilson j
of San Francisco represented the petition
era John Jury and J. B. Richards of San
Jose the administratrix of the estate and
A. Kinkaid the absent heirs.
The Chathams claim two-thirds of the
estate, setting forth in their petition that
they are the children of deceased. Their
claims are being Untested by the widow.
Miranda E. Mills, and by the heirs of eer- ;
tain sisters of the deceased.
The matter has now been before the
court in various phases for almost two
years and will be brought to a hearing
before long. The administratrix has lied
her final account In the matter of the
estate, the value of the estate being
some-thing over $250,000. She also filed a
petition for final distribution, and all
matters came up for a heating this morn
i ing, but were continued until August 10.
Just which of the proceedings will be
i taken up and disposed of is not yet
! known. The same result will he obtained
' under the petition for distribution as .
■■ under that to determine heirship, The ,
court will probably determine between
now and the 10th which it will hear.
There promises to be a hard and bitter
; fight when the case is finally called for
a hearing.
INCREASE IN PUBLIC
DEBT FOR THE MONTH
: It Is Accounted For by a Correspond
ing Decrease in the Amount of
Cash on Hand.
WASHINGTON j Aug. I.— The monthly 1
statement of the public debt, issued at the '
Treasury to-day. shows that it the close
: of business on July 31, 1899,! the debt, less
cash in the treasury, amounted to $1,161,- j
587.671, an Increase for the month of $5,277.- .
436. This Increase Is accounted for by a
' corresponding decrease in the amount of ;
I cash on hand.
The debt Is recapitulated as follows:
Interest-bearing debt. 11,046,048.770; debt
011 which Interest has ceased since ma
turity. $1,215,740; debt bearing no interest,
$359.167.325; total. $1,436,431,838.
This amount, however, does not Include :
$554,414,303 in certificates and treasury
1 notes outstanding, which arc offset by an
I equal amount of cash in the Treasury.
The cash in the Treasury Is classified as •
, follows: Gold. $277,848,322; silver, $507,579.- \
' 675: papers. 45.544. ; bonds, deposits in '
i national bank depositories, disbursing of
; ficers' balances, etc., $78,040,177; total, $909.- .
i 012.810, against which there are demand
liabilities outstanding amounting to $6.1*.
--168.643. leaving a net cash balance on hand
■ of $274,844,157.
j ARIONS LEAVE NEW YORK. I
The Party Expects to Reach This City
by August 11.
NEW YORK, Aug. I.— Members of the
' Arlon Society to the number of 131. with
their families, left to-day on a special I
train cf flve cars for San Francisco. The
i party was under the leadership of Presi- I
! dent Richard Weinacht and a committee !
composed of W. F. Emerson, passenger ;
agent of the Norther. Pacific. Julius Lo
renz, Max Schwarz, John Relsenweber, i
John P. Windolph, John Bohne and C.
Shieck Jr.
The excursionists will arrive in San
Francisco on August 11 and will be en
; tertained by the Arlon Society of - that .
city. The party will give concerts along
I tbe route.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, ATTEST 2. 1899.
SOLDIERS IN PURSUIT. OF
HEUREAUX'S ASSASSINS
"T—vUERTO PLATA, Aug. I.— The as-
PUERTO PLATA, I.— The as
sassins of President Heureaux
Yy and their friends are in the
JL mountainous district about twen
ty-flve miles northward of Moca,
Senor Don Correro, late Minister of the
Interior, has taken the field against
them with 400 men.
The acting president, Wenceslao Fi
guero, in view of the anxiety of The
commercial classes over the depreciated
! paper currency, has promised to retire
much of the issue and asks that the
business men be patient.
It is suspected that Jiminez is in the
; neighborhood of Qulebras. News from
; Moca and Santiago indicates a calmer
i feeling to-day.
SAN DOMINGO, Aug. I.— Vice
President Wenceslao Flgu_.ro, as a re
. sult of the assassination of President
: Heureaux, July 26, has taken charge of
i the government of San Domingo as
President and has formed a Cabinet as
follows: -**>■ .:-,
Minister of the Interior— D. Mo
rales, i
Minister of War and Marine — Tilo
Palino.
Minister of Foreign Affairs— E. Hen
riquez.
Minister of Finance— J. de J. Alvarez.
Minister of Justice— Sebastian Val
verde.
Minister of Agriculture— Cordero
Bido.
Minister of Posts and Telegraph-
Jaime R. Vidal.
Sub-Secretary of the Interior—Brau
j lio Alvarez.
Sub-Secretary of Justice— Pedro T.
Perez.
The country is quiet and no fears of
disturbance are entertained.
This place was visited during the af
ternoon of July 27 by a severe tornado
which blew at the rate of forty miles
an hour. •-■'•--•
Three coasting vessels, loaded with
produce and anchored in the outer har
bor, were wrecked and about fifteen
men perished. The damage done ashore
was not of much importance.
WASHINGTON. Aug. I— The State
Department will not delay in recogniz
i ing the new government set up by
Figuero, but as soon as I'nited states
Minister Powell notifies the department
that the Vice President has assumed
the Presidential office and is at the
head of a de facto government, the
Minister will be instructed to extend
the formal recognition of the- United
States Government. The Machias is
due at San Domingo City to-day.
SPANISH TROOPS
WERE STARVING
Testimony of Toral
and Pareja.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID. Aug. I.— The second session
of the court-martial of Generals Toral
and Pareja, who were charged with sur
rendering Santiago de Cuba to the Amer
icans without having exhausted all means
of defense," took place to-day.
General Pareja, in his defense, said
the garrison of the city of Santiago de
Cuba lacked food, many of the soldiers
having died of hunger. Previously, how
ever, he added, the troops fought bravely
and many officers and men were killed.
In addition the hospitals lacked medicines.
The general read several .telgrams ex
changed between the authorities at
Washington and Major General Shafter,
the latter showing himself confident of
forcing the surrender of Santiago de
Cuba.
General Toral made a similar defense.
He said Santiago de Cuba was defense
less and that it was impossible to hold
out longer. He read a telegram sent him
by General Blanco, who. after consulting
with the authorities at Madrid, approved
of the capitulation. Another Spanish offi
cer testified that when he entered Santi
ago he found three-quarters of the troops
sick.
General Rubl gave testimony to the ef
' feet that further resistance would have
I been equivalent to trie death of the re
j mainder of the troops.
Colonel Ordonn-ea testified that he was
i blockaded and therefore did not take part
! in the conference where it was decided
!to surrender. He "said he believed all
| means of resistance had been exhausted;
! though perhaps the capitulation might
, have been avoided by an attempt to break
' through the enemy s lines, which would
! have caus.d much bloodshed. However.
the spirit of the troops was weakened
; when they lost all hope of outside help.
Lieutenant General Pando, who was in
* charge of the military operations in Cuba.
i testified as . to his regretting that the
I recommendations made by him before
leaving Santiago had not been acted upon.
' as Santiago then had sufficient ammuni
• tion except for the artillery. He disap
proved the decisions of the generals at
Havana, who. he asserted, to succeed
should have reinforced Santiago.
General Blanco, who' succeeded General
Weyler as Governor General of Cuba, nar
rated the events which transpired at the
beginning of the war. He said he had
never advised the capitulation of Santi
ago, but favored a strong resistance. The
Government, he declared, had accepted
the terms of the United States without
discussion, and when he telegraphed to
General Toral it was too late. Santiago,
he added, had far from an insufficient
garrison. ______ _____ ___________
GENERAL AXLINE WILL
PROSECUTE BOYCOTTERS
Merchants Who Refuse to Serve Sol
diers to Be Summoned Before
a Judge Advocate.
CLEVELAND, Aug. I.— Adjutant Gen
eral Axllne said to-night that he had
found a way to smash the boycott, so far
as it affected the troops. Every day since
the soldiers arrived they have been sub
jected to petty annoyances because of the
refusal of merchants to sell them neces
sary supplies. General Axllne pointed out
the other day that these merchants could
be prosecuted under the civil rights law,
which requires all keepers of inns, restau
rants and places of public amusement and
accommodation to serve all people alike.
To-night General Axllne declarer] that If
any more complaints of discrimination
against soldiers came to him he would
appoint a judge advocate to proceed
against the merchants and i.ius seek to
bring them to time.
There seems to be a disposition to stir
up trouble among the employes of the Lit
tle Consolidated Company. More than half
of them have been initiated into the union
of the Big Consolldated's former em
ployes, and a dispatch has been sent to
Senator M. A. Hanna, who is in France,
asking him if he, as president of the Lit
tle Consolidated Company, will recognize
the union. No answer has yet been re
ceived to the cablegram.
A prominent physician to-night gave an
instance of the way in which the boycott
is being enforced. He says he was called
to see a little girl who was dying. He
was met by two men, >vfio told him he
had better not attend the child, as its
father was a "scab." He replied that they
ought to serve notice of the boycott on
the Almighty and Inform him that they
would not go to heaven, for the child
would be there ln a short time.
Insurance Agent Fails.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. I.— A. J. Padan,
an Insurance agent, flled a bill of bank
ruptcy here ln the United States Cir
cuit Court. Mr. Padan acknowledges
an indebtedness of $158,655 97. His cred
itors are all in Ohio, and the bills
and papers call for payment at Ports-
I mouth, in that State. The petitioner
GENERAL WENCESLAO FIGUERO,
Vice President of San Domingo, who has taken charge of the Government as
President and formed a Cabinet.
HAVANA, Aug. I.— l had a conversation
with Gomez to-day in regard to the ban
Domingo revolution. In answer to my
question would he accept the Presidency
if the revolution was successful, he stated
that San Domingo was his native land;
that he would be glad to see her free, but
that he was an old man now and had had
enough fighting; but if the revolutionary
states that his only property is house
hold goods, valued at $140. which he
claims to be exempt. The heaviest cred- :
itors are as follows: The German Artis
tic Weaving Company, Portsmouth. «->.; ,
Kilers & Moving. Portsmouth: Eilers &
Moving Leather Company. Portsmouth;
Charles Beitman Leather Company,
Portsmouth: R. G. Soloman. Portsmouth;
Bittel. Topel & Co.: United States Leather
Company, Cincinnati. Mr. Padan says that
he assigned in Ohio three and a half years
ago but that the courts did not grant him
relief Therefore he took advantage of
the national bankruptcy law and hied the
bill in this State.
LAST OF THE "QUEEN'S
KISS SOCIETY" DIES
Was a Member of the Band Who
Paid a Shilling to Kiss
the Princess.
Special Cable to Th" Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1W». By James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, Aug. I.— There has Just
died in Essex the last survivor of the
famous band of girls who formed
themselves into the "Queen's Kiss So
ciety."
The society had its origin when the
Queen was only about 1 year old. The
little Princess was being wheeled about
the park by her nurse, when she was
suddenly surrounded by a group of
laughing school girls, who recognized
the royal infant and insisted upon kiss
her, microbes having not then been
discovered.
The nurse's scruples soon yielded to
the persuasion of the shillings which
the girls displayed. Each maiden of
fered a coin for a kiss. Permission be
ing granted, the royal baby was almost
smothered with the children's hearty
caresses, while stowed away in the
back of the perambulator were forty
shillings, which were the nurse's kiss
ing fees
There was, however, a great commo
tion in the Duchess of Kent's house
be .Id when the affair became known,
and the erring maid was deposed from
' her proud position. The maidens sub
! sequently formed a .society and when
j the young Princess became Queen, they
I recalled the incident. "We are." they
wrote, "the first of your subjects from
! whom your Majesty received homage."
On the occasion of important festivi
ties from time to time they addressed
expressions of allegiance to the Queen,
but the members have gradually died.
With the death of this aged lady the
"Society of the Queen's Kiss" has
: passed from existence.
COLORADO SMELTERS
ARE STILL CLOSED
Owners Will Not Accept Scale Set by
the Board of. Arbitra
tion.
DENVER, Aug. The operating com
mittee of the American Smelting and Re
fining Company at a meeting to-day de
cided not to reopen the smelters in this
city and Pueblo at the scale recommended
by the State Board of Arbitration. The
committee published a card in which it
says:
"The decision of the Board of Arbitra
tion cannot be accepted by the American
Smelting and Refining Company because
ii is unreasonable and unjust. The board
has undertaken to arbitrarily Interfere
with Industrial conditions In Colorado, in
a way which cannot fall if persisted in
to bring about great hardships to the in
dustries already established and to surely
prevent new Industries from establishing
themselves here."
It is reported that the company will re
open the Omaha-Grant smelter next week
it enough men can be found who will ac
cept the wages offered. The smeltermen's
union will post a guard around this
smelter and endeavor to dissuade men
from working there, as was successfully
done at the Globe smelter last week.
BAPTISTS IN CONVENTION.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. The eighteenth
general Baptist convention is In session
at Twin Lakes. This afternoon the Wo
man's Baptist Home Missionary Society
held its session, Mrs. James Sunderland
of Oakland presiding. The devotional
meeting was led by Mrs. L. S. King of
Dixon.
Reports of committees were heard and
officers elected as follows: President,
Mrs. M. E. Douglass of Pan Francisco;
vice president. Mrs. V.'. 11. Latourette of
Oakland; second vice president, Mrs. A.
D. Banks of Sacramento; third vice presi
dent. Mrs. J. S. Eastwood of Fresno; cor
responding secretary. Mrs. L. A. John
son of Oakland; recording secretary. Mrs.
M. A. Hills of San Francisco; treasurer,
Mrs. E. F. Joy of Oakland, and auditor.
B. C. Wright bf San Francisco.
This evening the pulpit was occupied
by missionary pastors.
Nickel Machines Doomed.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. I.— Judge Smith,
In the Superior Court, handed down a de
cision to-day upholding the decision of i
the lower court in the nickel-ln-the-slot
machlne case brought against Max Cohen,
a cigar dealer. The decision ls to the ef
fect that the city has the right to pass
an ordinance prohibiting the use of the I
slot machines. 1
party was in earnest he would aid them.
He would accept the Presidency if there
was no other way of gaining their free
dom, but he did not want it. His only
wish was to see Cuba free and happy and
then to settle down in peace and quiet
with his family. Indications here, how
ever, are that Gomez's friends will force
the office on him.
BRUSH APPLIED
TO McNAUGHTON
Normal Trustees Find
Him Guiltless.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. I.— The Board of Trus
tees of the State Normal School complet
ed its investigation of Principal James
McNaughton this morning and passed
lengthy resolutions exonerating him of
the charges of Immorality, incompetency
and lack of character.
There was a decreased attendance when
the proceedings opened. Attorney Pat
ton presented the answer of Professor Mc- ■
Naughton to the supplemental report hied
by the alumni investigating committee
yesterday. It stated that the animus
against Professor McNaughton at Tempe,
Ariz., arose in 1888, when he expelled T.
G. Holmes, a student, for persistent gam
bling and drunkenness. A number of let
ters and telegrams were read speaking
highly of McNaughton. Two of the writ
ers were J. H. McClintock and Ben L.
Gillett. secretaries of the Normal School
boards of Arizona.
Attorney Patton made a plea for Prin
cipal McNaughton. He urged the trus
tees to adopt resolutions exonerating Mc-
Naughton.
The board then retired Into an executive
session. After two hours' deliberation .1
adjourned, leaving with the secretary the
following resolutions, which it was said
had been adopted by a unanimous vote:
Whereas, A petition ley the commit
tee In behalf of the Alumni Association
of this school has been presented to
this board praying for an investigation
of the past records and standing of
Jam s McNaughton and his capability
to discharge the duties of president of
this boot; and
Whereas, Professor McNaughton has
filed herein his request in writing that
this beard fully examine and investi
| gate said matters; and
Whereas. We have received written
evidence on behalf of said petition,
and on behalf of said Dr. McNaughton,
and as fully and carefully investigated
said matters as the time and circum
stances would permit. We find that cer
tain charges were filed against Pro
fessor McNaughton at Council Bluffs,
lowa, while he was Superintendent 0.. .
Schools of said city. That the Board
of Trustees before whom the same was
tiled refused to fix a time for or
to examine said charges. That prior
thereto Professor McNaughton had
been eight successive times elected
Superintendent of Schools of said city
by a unanimous vote of the board, and
that said charges and trouble arose
In of certain controversies and per
sor McNaughton at Council Bluffs,
,-.i, while he was Superintendent o*
mo'.s of said city, 'that the Board
Trustees before whom tlio same waa
d refused to fix a time for or
examine said charges. That pri'ir
•reto Professor McNaughton had
■n eight successive times elected
jerintendent of Schools >ef said city
a unanimous vote of the board, and
v said charges and trouble arose
; of certain controversies and per
sonal differences and that his superln
tendency of said schools had therefore
been successful and long continued.
That immediately following his resig
nation he was chosen president of the
State Normal School ot North Dakota
which position he occupied satisfac
torily and successfully for four years.
That while in said position in North
Dakota said charges against him as to
said Council Bluffs controversy were
brought up and considered and ex
amined by the trustees of said school
and he was, after such investigation,
fully sustained, exonerated and ac
quitted by said Board of Trustees of
any fault or wrong in said Council
Bluffs matter. That Professor Mc-
Naughton removed, after four years in
said North Dakota Normal School, to
Tempe, Ariz., where he was elected
and acted as president of the Norma!
School of Arizona at that place for
four years, from which place he came
to «his school. With his application
for the position of president of, this
! school Professor McNaughton present
ed Indorsements of many of the promi
nent educators and prominent men of
the sections where his life had been
spent. While some bitter contro
versies have arisen, and some testi
mony of those opposed to Professor
McNaughton and not friendly to his
educational methods or career has
been introduced, and has received our
careful consideration, and while we
regret the existence of such contro
versies and criticisms, we rind, upon
the whole case, that the charges as
to any immorality or lack of integrity
on the part of Professor McNaughton
were wholly unsustalned. That ne is
indorsed and recommended in such a
wav by eminent educators in the East
where he has lived, and from Arizona,
that we feel that he ought to be able
to successfully preside over this
school, especially if unhampered by
factions, unreasonable or ill-advised
opposition.
We therefore find the charges un
sustained and regret exceedingly that
unwarranted reports and charges have
been circulated to the great detri
ment of Dr. McNaughton and we tear
to the injury of the school.
We therefore call upon all friends of
the school, and especially of the fac
ulty and pupils thereof, and the
Alumni Association, to Join In an
honest and earnest effort to re
establish harmony and bring renewed
success to this, tne oldest-established
and 'we believe to be the most pros
perous normal school in our State,
Upon our part our efforts will be un
remitting to bring harmony and suc
cess, ana with the assistance of others
whose interest, if not responsibilities.
FIFTY THOUSAND
ORPHANS IN CUBA
Destitute Children of the RecoQ
centrados Who Must Be
Provided For.
NEW TORK, Aug. I.— article by Miss Clara Barton on the/ sub- |J
ject of the "Cuban Reconcentrados," will be published in the next mum- 3
ber of the Independent. 2
Miss Barton says there are now in Cuba 50,000 destitute orphans. C
children of reconcentrados who have in the last few years died of star- £
vation and want. These children are scattered throughout nearly, every 3
city and town of sufficient size and importance to receive the driven-out *$
country people. They are not children of low, doubtful origin, many C
of them being of the best Cuban families. The reconcentrados were |
largely the country people of property— farmers and small planters. 4
Miss Barton says: "The Cubans are not responsible for the destitu- *
tion of these children. When the starving reconcentrados were driven *£
into the towns the residents divided food ; and clothing with them and <
then divided again and again, but there was a point at which they had <
to stop giving. Only for the Cuban rations distributed by our army <
it would be a sorry lookout for those helpless little ones. They range i
in number from thirty and fifty and even one hundred in the various <
towns, utterly homeless and no one has the least personal interest in i
them or responsibility fcr them. The towns people still do what they <
can, but their main dependence is begging from the passengers of every »
passing train. '
"To one who knows only ordinary poverty and destitution the aspect ,<
of these children, as found, is often terrifying. It was a subject for .
both humane and medical study, and together the Red Cross surgeons 1
and trained purses thought out a system which, simply followed out as 
it is now being pursued, will, we believe, in less than six months trans- <
form these thousands of hapless renegades into clean, wholesome, welV- \
ordered children, learning to work, to read and to forget the dreadful 3
lives of pain, want and woe they went through. '.
"The system is this: Finding it impossible to take the time to act- .
tempt to follow the customary methods of making up large asylums in j
the great cities, as the conditions of these children meant life and death ,;
to themselves and to others, it was decided to gather them up just •
where they were, making smaller asylums of the plainest and simplest -
kind, interesting the authorities and the people of the city at all times <
in the movement, securing their full co-cperation, providing for all ;
wants and making it possible for the people of the towns to look after -■
them as their own, with 'our continued care and oversight. .;
"The women regard the asylums as something quite their own. In <;
nearly every large town a young ladies' club is formed, from which ;
two go each day to assist and to teach the children. This practice com- :
menced with the Young Ladies' Club of Catalina. which body of twenty
had held itself intact through all the terrible years of the war. These
young ladies volunteered at once to help care for the children, proffer- 1
ing their continuous dally service in the asylum." ;
ought to be equal to our own, we con
fldentlv hope for successful results.
The result of the inquiry is not at all
satisfying to the majority of the people
of this city. who denounce it as a job or
whitewashing. That the board intended
to acquit McNaughton is evidenced from
the fact that at a meeting last night, be
fore the Investigation had been com
pleted, the board passed a resolution giv
ing McNaughton full control of 'tie
school and also the assignment and re
assignment of teachers.
BANK FOR MONTEREY.
Mexican Government Grants a Char
ter to Enrique Creel.
MONTEREY. Mexico. Aug. 1. — The
Mexican Government has granted Enrique
Creel, a millionaire of Chihauhua. Mexico,
a charter to establish a bank in Monterey.
It is to be called the Mercantile Bank of
Monterey and will have a capital of
$500,000.
ARMSTRONG'S EXTRADITION.
Governor Rogers Grants the Request
of Illinois Officials.
OLYMPIA.. Aug. L— Governor Rogers
to-day granted extradition papers in the
\ case of ' William Armstrong, wanted in
Chicago for alleged jury bribing.
SEATTLE, Aug. I.— Upon receipt of the
I $8 all=wool ready=made suits I
? You should take into consideration more than B
gj the price when you buy clothes. Suits can be |
ffl _sold for almost nothing, but what of that? Price I
jjj The suits must wear — if they don't wear you 1
I the dissatisfied, regardless clothes. you paid be I 1
sold fcr almost nothing, but what of that? Price
The suits must wear — if they don't wear you I
are dissatisfied, regardless of what you paid for |
1 Doesn't this seem absolutely certain? Our $8 if
I suits, although the price is low, w.Il prove satis-, i
H factory — the guarantee says so: B
I Money returned if you want it or |
I . Suit kept in repair free for one year. I
I Boys' Sailor Suits. I
9 Neat blue material; ages 3 to 10 years? two patterns: I ;
•a one triTVimed with white braid and brass buttons, the other I
M with anchor and star design on collar, shield and sleeve .. . M
I (ffI) S.N.WOW»COi^ I
1 71 a MARKET ST.. \^LO^/ 1
my. Out-of-town order 3 filled — write us. 9
news that Governor Rogers had honored
requisition papers in the case of William
Armstrong. Armstrong's attorneys filed ln
the Superior Court here a petition for his
release in a writ of habeas corpus. A
hearing on the application will be had at
10 a. m. to-morrow.
MEXICAN OIL COMPANY
SELLS OUT TO THE TRUST
AUSTIN. Aug. I.— Henry Washburn, a
ship broker of Vera Cruz. Mexico, arrived
! here to-day and reports that the Waters-
Pierce Oil Company, which is a branch of
the Standard Oil Company, a few days
ago consummated a deal whereby it ac-
I quired all the interests of the Mexican Oil
i Company, its only competitor in Mexico.
The day following the purchase the
price of petroleum was advanced to 67
cents Mexican money, per gallon. Ho
says that in a number of the leading cities
of Mexico petitions are being circulated
and signed by many people to be present
ed to President Diaz asking that the Gov
ernment place restrictions on the monop
olistic company.
♦
Directly and Ananias Matched.
1 DUBUQUE. lowa. Aug. I.— Directly and
I Ananias were matched to-day for a spe
cial race to be trotted at the Nutwood
Driving Club meeting for $5000 a side.
34
DUEL ON A STEEP
MOUNTAIN SIDE
Wounded Man Grapples With His
poe and Tfyey Roll to
the Bottom.
ELKO, Nev., An*. I.— News reached Elko to-day of a desperate
shooting affray near Mardis, ninety miles from here, on Sunday morn
ing between W. A. Bacon and J. L. Freitas, prominent sheep men of this
county. Freitas was shot twice in the leg and once in the neck. He
was brought here for medical treatment.
The trouble grew out of a dispute over land used as sheep ranges.
The shooting took place on the si.l c of a steep mountain. Bacon shot
three times with a revolver, each shot hitting his adversary. Freitas
shot once with a rifle and missed his mark.
After the shooting the men grappled and rolled to the bottom of the
mountain, where the wounded man landed on top and struck Bacon
several times with his fists before being separated by sheep herders.
Bacon came to Elko and g*ave himself up to the Sheriff and was re
leased from custody on bonds. Freitas probably will recover, but he
will lose one leg.
CAPTAIN COTTER
CALLED BY DEATH
Arizona Loses a Leading
Citizen.
- — ♦
Special Di;>patch to The Call.
SAN .TASK, Aug. I.— Captain Eugene A. |
Cuttor, one of the most prominent men
of Arizona, died at the residence of his :
brother In-law, J. R. Bailey, In this city
at an early hour this morning. He had
been ' ill for several months and death ;
resulted from dropsy.
Captain Cutter was a native of Illinois, ;
BO years of :\Ke and unmarried. A mother, j
sister and brother residing near here sur- |
vive him.
Captain Cutter had been a resident of j
Arizona for over twenty years. He first I
went to that. Territory as a civil engi- I
neer in the employ of the Santa Fe Rail*
road. He had charge of the construction
work of the New Mexico and Arizona j
Railway between Benson and Nogales, I
and also on tho Arizona and New Mexico j
Railway. Ho was engineer of the railroad j
between Lordsburg, N. M., and Clifton, j
Ariz., which, because of its curves and I
trestles, is considered an engineering feat, j
Mr. Cutter was prominent in Repub
lican politics of Arizona and took part |
in all tin- conventions of that party. He j
was chairman of the Board of Super- j
visors of Graham County for five years. !
In ISS9 Governor Wolfley appointed him ]
a member of the Board of Territorial !
Prison Commissioners, in which he served
■four years under three different Gover
nors. " Two years ago he was made a
member of the Territorial Board of
Equalization, and was reappointed to the
same position within the last two months
while sick In this city.
At the time of his death Captain Cut- .
ter conducted a large mercantile business
at Bonita, Graham County. He was vice
president of the Gila Valley. Globe and
Northern Railway and manager of the
J. H. Hampson Cattle Company, one of
the largest owners of cattle in that sec- \
tion. „_____ ______________
THE DOLPHIN RUNS
DOWN A FERRY-BOAT
Accident Was Due to a Miscalcula
tion Regarding the Strength !
of the Tide.
NEW YORK. Aug. I.— A collision oc- [
curred this morning between the ferry-boat
New York of the Williamsburg line and
the United States gunboat Dolphin. The
bow of the gunboat cut through the ferry
boat Into the engine-room, breaking the j
main shaft and damaging the- machinery.
The gunboat's bow was ben* and several
feet of the rail torn away.
The New York was In the center of the
river when the Dolphin, which was com
ing upstream, signaled thai she would
cross her bows The New York's engines
were stopped, but the strong current car
ried her directly in the path of the Dol
phin, and the gunboat's bow struck the
ferry-boat just ahead of the paddle-box.
The ferry-boat with the aid of tugs
reached the slip at Broadway, Williams
burg. Secretary of the Navy Long was
aboard the Dolphin. That the injuries to
the Dolphin were trifling whs evidenced
by the fact that she continued on her way
up the river and passed City Island at '
0 : 40 a. m.
BRYAN MAY NOT LEAD.
Senator Clark Says He Is Not Certain
of the Nomination.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. I.— Senator W. A.
Clark, who Is in this city, said during an
interview to-day that in his opinion there
was nothing sure about William J. Bry
an's nomination by the Democratic party
at Its next national convention. The Sen
ator said he was not sure about silver be
ing the great issue of the next campaign,
though he still called himself a bimetal
list. He believed to a certain extent in
•expansion, he said, and felt that the war
with the Philippines must be carried on
until the Filipinos surrendered.
Senator Clark will build a new sugar
factory on the Cerlllos ranch, which he
recently purchased. The capacity will be
1000 barrels a day. The plant will cost
$500,000.
. «.
REPRESENTS ATLIN MINERS.
• Ex-Congressman Lewis to Press
Claims for Damages.
SEATTLE, Aug. I. — Ex-Congressman
| James Hamilton Lewis left for Washing
ton to-day to present to the State Depart
ment the claims of American miners
against the Canadian Government for
damages sustained through the enactment
of a law by the provincial Legislature of
British Columbia debarring aliens from
locating placer claims In the AtMn min
ting district. It is proposed to make the
- claims a subject of arbitration before the
Joint High mission. Mr. Lewis rep
resents about 1000 miners, whose claims
aggregate $3,000,000.
ALMOST SCALPED BY A FALL.
Miner's Head Strikes Against the
, Walls of a Shaft.
ANGELS CAMP. Aug. I.— Millet Kellup,
a miner, was seriously injured while at
work in the cross shaft of the Stickle
mine to-day. He was struck on the head
by a falling rock and rendered uncon
scious. In falling he was almost scalped
by his head striking against the wall.
Forty-five stitches were necessary to re
place the scalp. He was removed to the
Utica hospital, where he lies In a preca
rious condition.
Studied Practical Engineering.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 1.
Professor Albert W. Smith, head of the
department of mechanical engineering at
Stanford, returned to the University to
day after a year's absence on leave. Dur
Pears'
Do you know the
most luxurious bath
in the world ?
Have you used
rears Soap?
| Ing this time he has been with a manufac
i turing concern of Scranton, Pa., where he
I was engaged principally In the designing
j and improving of steam engines and min
j ing and hoisting machinery. The idea of
the professors in the professional depart
j ments in working with large manufactur-
I ing concerns is to keep posted on the
| latest advancements in their line of work, J
! and the knowledge which Professor Smith :
' has gained In the last year will be lncor- :
j porated Into the mechanical engineering
courses at Stanford. On his way back to j
! California Professor Smith, in company
I with Professor Parr of Cornell, visited I
. the great copper mines of Michigan, the
I Calumet and Hecla; and the copper mines
:of Montana. They made a careful study :
j of mining machinery and mining methods. j
PRESIDENT ENTERTAINS
VISITORS AT PLATTSBURG
Declines to Discuss the Statement
Made by Former Secretary
\ Alger.
PI_ATTSBURG, Aug. 1. - Soon after
Postmaster General Smith arrived at the
Hotel Champlaln this morning he went
for a long walk with the President. They
found a seat in a shady spot In the woods,
and together they talked over in detail
the events of the past week in Washing
ton.
General Guy V. Henry and wife called
' this morning and spent the forenoon play
ing euchre with the President and Mrs.
McKinley. Mrs. McKinley is very fond
of the me.
Colonel Legrand B. Cannon, who took
the President out driving yesterday, Is to
send a handsome pair of^iorses over from
ills summer home at Burlington, Vt., for
the President's use during his stay here.
Mr. McKinley had nothing to say in re
gard to the statement of Secretary Alger
published in the morning papers. Mr.
and Mrs. Russell A. Alger Jr., who have
been topping here for several days, left
for New York City this morning.
This afternoon the President and Mrs.
McKinley, accompanied by Postmaster
General and Mrs. Smith, drove out past
the summer school grounds toward Platts
burg.
___ — :
SPAIN WILL SELL THE
FLOATING DOCK
Navy Department Will Resubmit Its
Former Bid, Which Will Prob
ably Be Accepted.
WASHINGTON. Aug. I.— Spain's float
ing dock, which has tee en the subject of.
much controversy, will probably become
the property of the United States. ■ Lieu
i tenant Luclen Young, in charge of the
! naval station at Havana, informed the
; Navy Department to-day that the Spanish
I Government lead changed its mind about
| taking the dock back to home waters,
and had readvertlsed it- for sale, bids to
1..- opened on July 28.
Rear Admiral Bndicott informed me
that the Navy Department would resub
mit its bid of $285,000 for the dock. As the
dock had been advertised for sale at least
half a dozen times and the United States
was the only bidder In each instance, it
is assumed there will be no other bidders
the next time and that the dock will be
awarded to the United States. The dock
originally cost Spain $400,000, and an addi
tional $100,000 for conveying it to Havana]
and $40,000 for building a basin to accom-
date it.
COLLISION IN THE FOG
OFF THE IRISH COAST
Cunard Liner Cephalonia Struck an
Unknown Sailing Vessel, Which
May Have Sunk.
QUEENSTOWN. Aug. I.— The Cunard
line steamer Cephalonia, Captain Pierce,
from Boston for Liverpool, which arrived i
here to-day at 9:55 a. m., was densely be- j
fogged during the night.
Between 2 and 3 o'clock in the morning, !
while nearing the Irish coast, she col- \
lided with a Bailing vessel supposed to be i
a bark. The vessels separated quickly,
and a boat was launched from the
steamer, but all search for the sailing
craft was unavailing. The Cephalonia
was not damaged.
BEVERIDGE IS SAFE.
Was Detained in Quarantine at j
Nagasaki.
WASHINGTON, Aug. I.— The State De- j
partment has succeeded in locating Sen
ator Beveridge of Indiana, over , whose i
whereabout some anxiety was felt by his j
friends. A cablegram to Consul Harris at
Nagasaki elicited the following reply re- I
ceived this morning:
"IBeveridge all right."
The Senator was a passenger on the ;
steamship Empress of India and was de- j
tamed in quarantine at Nagasaki.
RUN ON FRENCH BANKS.
Excitement Caused by Suspension of
the Jacques Cartier Bank.
MONTREAL, Aug. I.— As a result of a
run on the Jacques Cartier Bank yester
day, occasioning a suspension for thirty
days, a general run on other French
banks occurred to-day.
The Banquo de Hochela, capitalized at
$1,250,000, which is paid up, is feeling the
run more than the others, but the
directors claim they can withstand it.
They are paying out gold and dominion
bills. Their liabilities according to their
last statement were over $8,000,000.
TYPHOID AT EXETER.
Epidemic Rages in a Town in Tulare
County.
VISALIA, Aug. I.— epidemic of ty
phoid fever prevails at Exeter. In one
block are six cases and many others are
scattered about town. One death oc
curred to-day. The- epidemic Is due to a.
defective drainage system. Unless the of
ficials of the town act to-morrow Health
Officer F. A. Combs says he will Invoke
the law as protection to the public.
—
To Build an Electric Line.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. I.— By the organi
zation of a syndicate of Los Angeles and ;
Eastern capitalists an electric railway be- !
tween Santa Monica and Redondo is as- j
sured, with Important improvements upon
lands between the points named. The road j
will not only furnish facilities for quick i
communication and interchange of busi
ness between these two ports, but will af- I
ford tourists an opportunity for an excur- j
sion of fifteen miles along the shore of
the Pacific and a view of both resorts the j
same day.
Soldiers Allege Extortion.
WOOLAND, Aug. l.— Five more Wood
landltes who were members of Battery A,
Third Artillery, which was stationed in
Alaska several months, returned home
last night and this morning. All of them
complain bitterly of the extortion prac
ticed upon them by the transportation
companies. Twenty-two of the Wood
landltes have not yet reached home, but
most of them are supposed to be on the
road.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2. 1899.
LEO FAVORS
AN ITALIAN
REPUBLIC
Belief Grounded Upon the
Recent. Statements of
Garibaldi.
IDEA GAINSSTRENGTB
4,
Wou'd End the Conflict Between the
Vatican and the Ruling
Dynasty.
— ♦ —
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, lSi'9, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ROME, Aug. I.— The interview with
General Ricciotti Garibaldi, published
in the Herald recently, caused great ex
citement at the Vatican and much an
noyed the Cardinals belonging to the
group which has not abandoned all
hope of reconciliation with the mon
archy. The group comprising Cardinals
devoted to the triple alliance met yes
terday.
1 ; A member of the sacred college, who
I belongs neither to this nor the oppos
ing faction, and who formerly was
1 Nuncio in a great capital, and is thor
] oughly familiar with the complications
■ 1 and difficulties of the diplomatic posi
] tion of the papacy, gave me his opinion
| on the question raised by the interview.
• "With the exception of a few nar
| row-minded men," he said, "every one
• among the higher Italian clergy is con
. vinced that tempera! power such as
existed before 1870 has had its day and
; that an absolute restoration of the
status quo would be a calamity for the
church of Rome.
"What was thirty years ago is Im
possible now. People are accustomed
to lay institutions which imply many
things Incompatible with clerical gov
ernment. We are convinced that such
government would not last long or exist
amid struggles such as disturbed the
reign of Pius IX.
"Practically only the Spanish and
Portuguese episcopates are uncompro
mising temporalists. It is no lack of
respect to them to declare that the
leading forces upon which the Holy
Father can reckon to be found are to
day in America and France, and the
tendencies we have rather, come to con
sider are those of the American and
French episcopates."
"Does this mean that renunciation of
: temporal power has become a possi
'< bility?"
"No; whatever has been said and
I written, the Pope can only be truly
\ free and independent in territory which
belongs to him nominally, If not ex
clusively.
"Many Italian and foreign prelates
; think that a practical solution of this
serious problem is to be found only in
; a republic, which, organized on federal
lines, could create in Rome a system
of nominal sovereignty for the Pope
. i which would insure his effective inde
i pendence without infringing on the
principle of -national integrity. As
General Garibaldi has well said, no
../compromise is possible, with ■ the Pope.
Who cannot tolerate the presence- of a
crowned sovereign in Rome, 7* " , •
"There is nothing to lead to the con
clusion that among the Cardinals who
may be called upon to rule the church
there is a single one capable of re
■ nouncing the legitimate claims of the
I Holy See in favor of a usurping
dynasty.
"From this point of view it might be
supposed that understanding between
General Garibaldi and the Vatican was
an accomplished fact."
I have reason to believe that things
have not gone so far as may have- been
supposed. I know that Garibaldi, be
fore leaving for South America, saw
several Cardinals who occupy highest
positions in the hierarchy among
■ others Cardinal Parocchi and, perhaps,
Cardinal Rampolla also. From these
conversations arose the conviction that !
the Italian democracy was no longer
imbued with anti-clericalism, and that
the Italian prelacy and episcopate on
j their side, enlightened by the teachings
of Leo XIII, no longer entertain their
I former prejudices against republican
; institutions.
I think that an understanding will
be reached, but for the moment it is
I no more than a pious desire shared by,
a great number of Catholics.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
"WASHINGTON. Aug. I.— Pacific Coast
patents were granted to-day as follows:
California— Charles R. Allen, San Fran
cisco, portable vessel-loading platform;
Samuel J. Mallard. Los Angeles, cigar
band cutter; Charles R. Murray, San
: Francisco, equalizer; James IT. Northrup.
: Tustln, assignor to Draper Company, back
: box place for looms; John Rogewski, San
! Francisco, wave power water moving ap- ,
paratus.
Oregon— Bruce Cunningham, Liberty,
I fruit evaporator.
Washington— Arthur Doyle, Seattle,
j driving gear for bicycles; Warren W. Phil
-1 brick. Seattle, matcher head.
Army orders: By direction of the act
ing Secretary of War, acting Assistant
; Surgeon Maxwell Simpson, U. S. A., will
proceed from PlalnMeld, N. J., to San
: Francisco and report in person to the
| commanding general of the department of
! California for assignment to duty.
Private Joe Besting, Company D, Nine
teenth United States Infantry. Presidio,
San Francisco, having enlisted under false
pretenses, will be discharged without
honor frfom the service of the United
States by the commanding officer of the
regiment.
Privates Jesse Cox, Third United States
Artillery, unassigned; Alfred B. Burke,
Twenty-third United States Infantry, un
assigned, and Recruits Luclan .E. Ball,
George A. Ball, Samuel A. Bayless, John
Dixon, Roy T. Dixon, Willard A. Delong.
Oliver W. Graham, Joseph T. Hurley,
Charles W. Hughes, Herman C. Koop,
Newton T. McDonald, Michael Mosher,
Jack Sartln, Bert Thomas, William A.
Hickman and Albert Numenck, general
service, Presidio, San Francisco, will be
discharged the service of the United
States by the commanding officer of their
lion. : •■ *i-' -•-'
The following named acting assistant
surgeons of the United States army will
proceed from the places hereinafter indi
cated to San Francisco and report in
person to the commanding general of the
Department of California for assignment
to duty: T. H. Landor from Canton,
Ohio; James Mitchell from Lancaster, Pa,
Second Lieutenant Charles M. Duffy,
United States Volunteer Signal Corps, will
proceed from Fort Myer to Angel Island
and report to the commanding general for
duty with the Signal Corps detachment
at that place.
Recruit George Westervelt, casual de
i tachment at the Presidio, San Francisco,
having enlisted under false pretenses, will
be discharged without honor from the
I service of the United States upon receipt
of this order.
Private James McKnight, Company F,
i Third Infantry, now at Manila, is trans
j ferred to Company F, Ninth Infantry, at
that station;
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Jonathan Brooks,
Los Angeles, $8; Simon C. Leach, Vet
erans' Home. Napa. $8. Increases — Dieder
lch Lemmermann, San .Francisco. $8 to $10.
Original widows, etc.— Mary Ann Mat
thews, Cayueos. sß; MargaretSheehan, San
Francisco, $8; Mary E. Hamilton, Chico,
$8.
Oregon: Mexican war widow— Elizabeth
Swinden) Murphy, $8.
Washington: Original— William H. Kent.
Tacoma, $12; Thomas W. Lloyd, Marshall,
$6. Mexican war Catherine Gan-
I non, Spokane, $8.
BEAUTIFUL HOME FOR
THE SACRAMENTO ELKS
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 1. — Negotiations have not yet been completed for
the transfer of the handsome residence of Mrs. E. B. Crocker to the
local lodge of Elks, but it is understood the deed will be delivered as
soon as the signature of Mrs. Amy Gillig, daughter of Mrs. Crocker,
now in New York, is attached to the instrument.
The residence of Mrs. Crocker at Third and O streets has long been re
garded as one of the handsomest in in the city. It sets well back from the
street upon a high terrace, and the surroundings are most beautiful. On
the same block and connected with it by a covered bridge is the Crocker
Art Gallery, presented some years ago by Mrs. Crocker to the city, and
which has been the scene of many brilliant entertainments.
It is probable that eventually the property will be established as a
home under the control of the national organization of Elks, but the needs
of the local lodge will, of course, be first considered.
This will have been the third manifestation of munificence on the part
of Mrs. Crocker in this city, the gift of the art gallery and the Old Ladies-
Home being among her benefactions. .
WESTWARD
REN OF THE
AUTOMOBILE
Davis Meets With Mishap,
but Makes Very Good
Progress.
oaooooooooooooooo
START, JULY 13. ®
y, . y Miles, X
J*|
Estimated: distance -to ~
cover *■;..'-. '■■-.: 7 3700 ■.■■'
Tuesday's run ... 55 *~
Total distance covered 456 **j
■■■..., > , -O
o o'o O O O 00000 OO'
BY JOHN D. DAVIS.
BERGEN, N. V.. Aug. I.— While pass-
Ing through Bergen at 10:50 o'clock
we were ditched and ran into a
stone flagging forming a walk over
the gutter. The power was shut off
quickly and brakes applied, but the con
tact was with sufficient force to bend the
forward axle. Blacksmiths are now
straightening It. and we will leave as soon
as it is completed, probably shortly after
daylight.
ESCORTED AS FAR
AS THE FOUR CORNERS
CHURCHVII.UE, N. V., Aug. 1. — The
transcontinental automobile left Roches
ter at 6:30 o'clock and made the run to
the eight-mile post in twenty-eight min
utes. Here a stop was necessary, owing to
several hayracks drawn by foolish horses.
There was" a delay of thirty-five minutes.
The run into Churchville was made in
twenty-five minutes, exclusive of delay to
mend a broken bell. The motor works
COMMISSION
IS RETURNING
FROM SAMOA
Having Finished Their Work
the Members Depart on
the Badger.
— — ♦ — .
As tardy confirmation of the news
which The Call first gave to the
world comes an Associated Press ca
blegram from Auckland, announcing
the conclusion reached by the Sa
moan Commissioners. The facts con
tained in The Call's story from Apia
are borne out in every particular.
The commission, the news association
has just learned, has decided to abol
ish the Kingship and establish a one
power government.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
APIA, Samoa, July 26, via Auck
land, New Zealand, Aug. I.— At
a meeting of the Samoan Com
missioners just held, both parties
signed an agreement abolishing
the kingship and President, and agree
ing to an administrator with a legis
lative council for the tripartite nom
inees. ~f I
The Commissioners left here on heard
the United States transport Badger,
July 18.
. Mr. Eliot, the British representative,
has gone to New Zealand. Thence he
will go to San Francisco. At a meet
ing of the Malietoa party the speakers
expressed a desire for annexation as
the best solution of the question in dis
pute, but they did not set forth by
what country they desired to be an
nexed.
United States Consul Osborn will act
as Chief Justice. Dr. Solp, the German
President of the Municipal Council,
claimed the right to act as Chief Jus
tice under the treaty, but. the commis
sion withholding its unanimous con
sent, Dr. Solp resigned the office of i
I-
exceedingly well since repaired at Roches
ter with new valve cushions and other de
vices that, it is hoped, will remedy the
defects found In the oil valves.
The new ones work perfectly and
smoothly. Mr. and Mrs. Davis were ac
companied out of Rochester by Joseph J.
Manders and wife and Mrs. Bettley and
Raymond Bettly in automobiles. The es
cort left the Davis motor at the Four
Corners and returned to the city.
Owing to the number of teams met on
the road, Mr. Davis found it necessary to
have his bell in working order, and
stopped here to make a new spring and
hammer holder. He said he should keep
running until he reached Buffalo. The
run of sixteen miles to Churchville was
made In fifty-three minutes. The road
was very good, though sandy in many
places and very heavy. At several points
repairs are in progress, and this makes
travel decidedly unpleasant. The roads
from here to Bergen and Byron are said
to be very heavy, but from there on they
are much better.
President, as he claimed the commis
sion's action was an insult to his honor
and nationality.
The German commissioner, Baron
Speck yon Sternberg, prevailed upon
Dr. Solp to withdraw his resignation in
favor of Mr. Osborn.
Mataafa is seriously ill.
ROADS BENEFITED BY
USE OF CRUDE OIL
! Supervisors of Santa Barbara County
Satisfied With the Ex
periment.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. I.— The Coun
! ty Board of Supervisors has adopted the
j use of oil for sprinkling all the roads of
I the county and the plan has proved very
I satisfactory. The oil, mixing with the
, dust, forms a hard bed similar to an as
phalt pavement and it serves two pur-
I poses—one to lay the dust and another
! to prevent mud during the wet season.
Yesterday F. W. Mat tern, who claims
i to have a patent on a device for sprink
; ling roads with oil and, incidentally, to
i have a patent on oil used for such pur-
I poses, demanded from the Board of Su
j pervisors that they pay him $15 a mile for
every mile sprinkled with oil or $250 .or
j the use of his patent. He claims that it
was with much difficulty that he secured
j a patent on oil used for such purposes.
Chairman Deadrick of the Board of Su
pervisors refused to listen to his de-
I mands, thinking that one might obtain a
I patent on salt or fresh water used for
street sprinkling purposes as well as on
oil. Mattern says that unless the board
j listens to his demands and pays him ins
just right he will attempt to enjoin the
Supervisors from further use of oil for
sprinkling purposes. ;.- -.-, .*.<.
MAIL STEAMER AND
YACHT COLLIDE
The Smaller Vessel Badly Damaged.
but Reached Port in
- . Safety. „ • .. y
GREENOCK, Aug. I.— The mail steam
er Dromedary collided in a fog last night
with the yacht' Vendetta off the Scotch
coast. The Dromedary lowered boats
and searched in the fog fruitlessly for the
yacht, which eventually arrived at Mill
port at dawn.
She was cut down to the water's edge.
Her c^-ew manfully stuck to the pumps,
and the fourteen persons on board the
Vendetta were safely landed. The Ven
detta was towed to this port.
Identity of a Suicide.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. I.— man giving
the name of W. C. Smith called at the
Morgue to-day and partially identified the
unknown man who committed suicide here
yesterday as Harry Reynolds, formerly of
Lafayette. La. Reynolds,- he says,. was a
gambler, though he came of a good family
In Louisiana. :.- ,' • *.
ONE CASE OF
YELLOW FEVER
AT PHOEBUS
Believed to Have Been Car
ried by Soldiers From
the Hampton Home.
■ .. ♦ —
- -
STRICT PMNTII
Three New Cases and One Death
the Day's Record at Hampton.
Troops to Be Moved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 1. — Surgeon
General Wyman is much encouraged
to-night by' the reports from the Hamp
ton Soldiers' Home and surrounding
places.
There is no evidence whatever that
yellow fever has spread beyond the
original point of infection, and each
day that passes without some evidence
of its presence being discovered at
some other point makes it more certain
that it was not carried out of the neigh
borhood of the home before the present
impassable sanitary cordon was estab
lished. Reports received from Surgeon
White, in charge of the Marine Hospital
service at Hampton and surrounding
places, indicate that there have been
three new cases and one death to-day,
bringing the total number of cases up
to forty and the number of deaths up
to eight.
Surgeon White says there is little
doubt of the infection of the village of
Phoebus. He says there is one case
there which is under observation and
is probably yellow fever.
Surgeon General Wyman had expected
to learn that the disease had gotten into
Phoebus. It is a little village imme
diately adjoining the Soldiers' Home
grounds. There are numerous saloons
and other places of resort in the village
that were much frequented by the old
soldiers all the time the fever was de
veloping in the home. For this, reason
Dr. Wyman says it cannot be said that
the disease has spread to Phoebus, for
it is there. It was established before
its first discovery inside the home, and
Phoebus is really a part of the same
center of Infection as the home itself.
Reports have been received from the
Marine Hospital surgeons at Norfolk,
Portsmouth, Newport News and Old
Point Comfort, showing that no one has
been found at either of these places
who had been exposed to the infection.
This still further encourages the hope
that the disease will be kept witnln
the limits of the home and Phoebus.
Dr. Woodward, health officer of
Washington, has discovered two old
soldiers in this city who were at the
Hampton Home during the time when
the disease was developed. They have
been subjected to a careful examina
tion and are apparently free from any
symptoms of fever, but in order to
minimize danger, they have been iso
lated in the detention camp which was
established last winter for the deten
tion of persons; who had been exposed
to smallpox..
The War Department and the Marine
Hospital service are co-operating to
get the artillery troops at Fort Mon
roe away from that neighborhood with
the least possible delay. Quartermas
ter McCaulley at Philadelphia has
made all arrangements for the trans
portation of troops to Battery Point,
Delaware. A special train is to be run
down to Cape Charles City, across iri
a steamer.
Dr. Pettus, the Marine Hospital sur
geon in charge of the military reserva
tion, will carefully inspect all men be
fore they leave the fort, and any that
are suspected of being infected will be
detained. The entire command will be
kept under close observation by medi
cal officers while in transit to Battery
Point, and upon their arrival there they
will be isolated from all other soldiers
at that post and will be carefully ob
served until the expiration of eleven
days, which is considered the extreme
period of incubation for yellow fever.
Dr. Wyman does not believe there is
any possibility of the soldiers carrying
the disease with them and spreading it
in the neighborhood of Battery Point,
for they will be so carefully watched
by the medical officers of the army that
if the fever should break out among
them it would not get outside of the
command.
NEWPORT NEWS, Aug. I.— is not
considered that there is any danger of
the disease spreading to this place, al
though all suspicious cases will be
closely watched. People are going and
coming here as usual and there is very
littlt excitement.
HANOVER ARRAIGNED
ON PERJURY CHARGE
I
In Default of Bail the Round Valley
Witness Remains in
Prison.
COVELO, Aug. I.— Frank Hanover,
accused of having caused the convic
tion of Gregory, Van Horn and Crow,
the Littlefield lynchers, by giving per
jured testimony, was arraigned in
Judge Cummins' court this morning j
and entered a plea of not guilty. He
was placed under $300 bonds, which he j
was unable to obtain. Hanover was |
cool and composed throughout the pro- ;
ceedings. During the reading of the
complaint It was stated two witnesses
would testify that Hanover offered
them $40 to swear against Gregory. I
Hanover noted the names of the wit- •
nesses in a memorandum. His exam- !
ination was set for August 12. Emmett !
Seawell of Santa Rosa represents Han
over. _
FOUR LYNCHED MEN
ITALIAN CITIZENS
Serious International Phase of the
Recent Mob Riots in
Louisiana.
WASHINGTON.' Aug. I.— The interna
tional phase of the Italian lynchings in !
Louisiana has assumed a rather more
serious aspect as a result of several offi- I
cial reports received here. These show !
that the Italian officials on the scene be- !
lieve that four out of the five men lynched
were Italian citizens. While the reports i
are not final, the Italian authorities have '
no doubt they will be borne out by the
inquiries now in progress.
WILL WITHDRAW TROOPS.
One-Half of the Militia on the Yukon
• to Be Removed.
OTTAWA, Ont., Aug. I.— ln the House
of Commons to-night the Minister of
Militia stated that it had been decided to
withdraw one-half of the troops— about
100 men— from the Yukon as soon as ar
rangements could be made with the
United States Government to land them
at Skaguay.
Edgar's Successor Named.
OTTAWA, Ont., Aug. Thomas Bain.
Liberal member for Wentworth, was to
day elected Speaker of the House of Com
mons to succeed Sir James Edaar. de
ceased. '.:.•'*%-■_=.'-*' :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Moil
Floundering in the Surging
Sea of Disability Many
Men Become Mental and
Physical Wrecks.
More than one-half of the victims of
I suicide and insanity owe their misfor-
i tune to an unnatural weakness or a
contagious disease. Untold thousands
I of men are ruined in this manner cv-
! cry year. Many of them are taken off
| in the prime of life, when their physi-
cal and mental faculties should be at
their best. ,  ,
DR. MEYERS & CO., the specialists
for men, have rescued thousands of
I this class of unfortunates annually
j during the past eighteen years.
Dr. Meylrs A Co.'s staff consists of
! a number of the best physicians and
■ surgeons the world has ever produced.
No other doctors use the remedies, for-
mulas or methods of these most able
and successful specialists. No other
! institution in America can compare
I with theirs in size, equipment and
management. No other institution can
compare with them in the number of
cures made or the number of patients
now under treatment.
If a man is run down physically ana
mentally he needs a thorough constitu-
tional treatment, a treatment such as
DR. MEYERS & CO., the noted spe-
cialists, administer.
Cheap doctors, dangerous drugs, elec-
: trie belts and temporary stimulants
' will never do the work. Such things
! rob the patient not only of his health,
but his purse as well.
DR. MEYERS & CO. use remedies
1 and methods known only to them-
! selves. They conduct the largest mcdi-
i cal institution in America and have a
! practice that extends not only all over
! the Pacific Coast, but through the
! United States. . 'i\ .-■
AILMENTS THEY CURE— Lost Vigor,
Premature Decay, Unnatural Losses, Wast-
-1 ing Drains, Nervous Debility. Stricture.
I Rupture, Tumors. Varicocele, Special Dis-
eases, Eczema, Cancer, Sleeplessness, Rheu-
, matism, Neuralgia, Kidney Disease. Bladder
Disease. Spine Disease, Liver Disease, Heart
Disease, Blood Disease, Skin Disease, Stom-
: ach Disease, Eye Disease, Ear Disease, Lung
Disease, Rectal Disease.
If you are troubled with any of these
' afflictions do not increase your dan-
! ger, discomfort and the ultimate cost
i of a cure. Consult the specialists, who
have become famous by curing their
! patients. . V
NO PAY TILL CURED.— If a patient
! has any doubt about being cured he
! may deposit the price of a cure in any
1 bank in San Francisco, to be paid to
| DR. MEYERS & CO. after he is en-
; tirely well. If it is not convenient to
! do this payments made be made in
weekly or monthly installments.
CONSULTATION FREE. — DR.
MEYERS & CO. make no charge for
consultation and advice. Call and see
! them or write. A friendly talk or a let-
I ter costs nothing and frequently re-
; sults in a great deal of good, even if
treatment is not taken.
HOME CURES.— MEYERS &
COS home-cure system has been a suc-
cess for many years. If you cannot
call write for private book for men,
symptom blanks, terms and other par-
I ticulars. All correspondence confiden-
! tial.
DR. METERS & CO. Offices. 731 Market
street, San Francisco; elevator entrance.
Hours, 8 to 5 daily ; 7 to 8 evenings; § to
11 Sundays.
A SORE POINT
It is with some laundries to remind
j them of the superiority of our work,
i but we claim and reiterate that we do
i the best class of work In the laundry
j line of any establishment in San Fran-
j cisco, and our patrons all bear us out
jln our statement. If you bring your
I laundry work here you will be our pa-
tron always. "No saw-edges." 7, -7
The United States Laundry. Offlca
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 54-2 Eleventh St.
j^WeV raoTooxirttto (■■■■ ■ ■ ___,
flfcrc£ VITALIS
i jSTSSir.S/^fc THE NEW
tSI.tW 10th Day. <«_*• ■/•___ _J_ FRENCH..
YITALSS ™?*>-IZL'Jh RCHcnV
PRODI IKS THE ABOTK SOS), Day. llElnkllf..
BHM ITS. ltquieklj 4 surely remove- N e rv..u. ness , loi,,ot.ncy
! Nightly Eruissiuti*. Lv.l Drum Wastinj Disease, and Jl efferti
of .elf-abuse or excess eiie* lodi.rr-iiori. Restore. Lo.. Vitality
I Power and Failin B Memory. Wards ,fl Insanity and ( or, um^l
; Won lures when all others fail. Insist on having VITAI ?eT
' no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail *1 <i,.
i fc''.* 1 "^ 0 "^ for * 5 -°° '"-•' * ««»'•««««« 'to Cure or
Refund the .Money. C rcular Free. Addr*<« re "
CALI-MET Cl HE CO.. 384 I»earl,„rn "l. Chicag-
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. 3aldwln i'iiarinaty
W. J. IJrj-an (two stores). Creat Drug Co "vi
Oakland by Owl Drug C<>. ! . .\
| DR.PBERCE'S ~^
GOLDEN
DBSCisVERY
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD.UVER.LUNCg;
NERVITA * wcrw vsrAcirv
f "~ r^ VB I LOST VIGOR.
jfettftN*! r r"'^ AND manhood
Cures ImpoteßcvNiAl^Emissions and wjutm-
P?fl leases, all effect, of seltabtae. or excess a^d
lfij Wi indiscretion. . A aerre-toaic aad Mood-builder.
i, \ **wT HrinBS « h = P-ak alow to pale -.hecks and re^
)iJP^»r stores thei tire of youth. By «n«a 500 per
g^^^box, 6 boxes for $2.50; with c^fcS
TftSl^iT V guarantee to cure or refund the money
Skrviia medical Co., Clinton * jaclison «$., mtaea
E. la. Baldwin & cc. Drugguu. . IUr^TK
jM^^ ELECTRIC BELTS.
P^Wfim *£««*■ from *3 50 to
__ZJ \\ 'i v ' \\/J\f&s\ P* Largest manu-
[assurers tn tho Unl-
a __t.W tefl States. No Quack-.
f>nXtt&st^z&£z?~. connected with thla
' V*<2£2__9*!r^ffi\ establishment.
iff CC. eE?" For particular*
■-y^t - " c all or send' 2o In
'\ stamps for "Booklet
___„,, _ No. 2." . Address
PIERCE ELECTRIO CO., 620 Market St.,
,;■;•* Opposite Palace Hotel, S. V.
%CHARLES VICKERS.
WILL MEET IN ARENA OF OLYMPIC ATHLETIC CLUB.
THE Olympic Club officials have three promising
boxing; bouts scheduled for Friday evening in the
gymnasium of the club in the big Post-street build
ing. Three contests are on the cards, and the
principals in each of them are boxers who have
been tried out repeatedly. They represent the highest
class in the semi-professionals, an.l all are boxing .or
reputations, not to save reputations, as is often the :ase
in more imposing looking contests Charles Yickers. a
graduate of the San Francisco Athletic Club, will meet
George Bokcr of Salt Lake City. Vickers lias been seen
WALES' YACHT
LOSES TO THAT
OF THE KAISER
Britannia Beaten by
the Meteor.
—
RACE FOR THE QUEEN'S CUP
e>
GERMAN VESSEL LEADS FROM
THE START.
_
Regatta of the Royal Yacht Squadron
Opens With Fine Weather I
and a Capital
Breeze.
'
COWES. Aug. I.— The regatta of the
Royal yacht Squadron opened to-day with
beautiful weather and big crowds afloat
and ashore: The starters in the race for
the Queen's cup were the Prince nf Wales' !
Britannia, Emperor William's Meteor, the j
Satariita. the Rainbow, the. Betty, the !
Roseneath and the Cetonia. The course [
was the old Queens County course to the
westward] around Lyrhington spit buoy,
then eastward through the Bullock buoy,
finishing off ' 'owes.
The Britannia and Meteor crossed the
starting line together. The Britannia!
took the lead, but the Meteor rounded :
Lvmington spit buoy a minute ahead.,
with the others close up. The Meteor al
lowed the Britannia ten minutes. The |
Meteor finished at 15:15. the Britannia'
at 3:56:50 and the Satanita at 4:13:o0. The
Meteor won. _ „ , .'
The Prince of Wales and the Duke of
York were aboard the Britannia. The
roads presented a brilliant spectacle.
There were yachts there flying the flags
of all nations. Count Borii do Castellane's
Valhalla was flying the stars and stripes,
as wer-- A. V. Armour's ['towana and A.
'■ i ,.. . i's unite Heather, which the
jiuke and Duchess of Somerset are to hire
later It t< said Mr. Drexel will soon build
',, i7o-toner for trans-Atlantic- purposes.
The Marquise de Gallifet and her son
are guests of the Castellanes.
1 adv Randolph Churchill is frequently
se.'n on board Howard Gould'a yacht Ni- j
agara: although the owner of the vessel
will nut avriv.. before the end of the week.
The Britannia's defeat caused consid
erable regret; and yachtsmen are now
wondering what the Shamrock would ,
have accomplished if she had been there. '
The Prince of Wales and the Duke of
Connaught came on the Royal Yacht
Squadron lawn f<ir a few minutes. in the
evening and conversed} with Mrs. George
Keppel and the Princess of Pless.
Lord Lonsdale, representing Emperor :
William was on board the Meteor during
the race. The Princess of Wales. Prin- ,
cess Victoria of Wales and the Duchess :
of" York witnessed the racing from the !
royal yacht Osborne. There was a hrii- j
lia'nt gathering of ihe "smart." set on the :
lawn of the Royal Yacht Squadron, in- 1
eluding Mr. and Mrs. A. .1. Drexel, who j
are occupying Xorrcys Castle, and their,
guests the Duchess, of Somerset and Mes- ;
dames" Rupert, Beckett, Kennet and Wil-
I.adv Randolph Churchill and Lady Lis
ter Keye. who have chartered a yacht in
partnership and are living nn boaM of it.
near Osborne, were also on the Royal
Yacht Squadron lawn.
■^-— — TT*: —
ACE SHOWS REMARKABLE
SPEED AND GAMENESS
Wins the Third Heat of the 2:10
Pace at Columbus in
2:05 1-4.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Aug. I.— The eensa
ftioh of the second day's meeting of the
Orand Circuit races was the performance
of Ace in the 2:10 pace (unfinished): The
Canadian horse surprised even his warm
est admirers by his staying qualities and
his speed, winning the third heat of the
race in the fast time of - 05%-
It was an ideal day fur racing --nil the
track was fast. The sport was iptito In
contrast to that of yesterday, each event
furnishing some interest and excitement.
Then- was a long delay in starting the
first race, the 2:17 trot, occasioned by the
drawing of Pilot Evans. This horse,
which was formerly owned by M. W.
Janes of Williard. Kans., had been pur
chased the previous night after pools had
hern sold on the race by N. W. Hubin
ger. the owner of Royal Baron, which was
■entered in the same race. As Hublnger
could not, under the rules, start both
horses. Pilot Evans was drawn. A pro
test was at once raised by those who had
bought pools, as the gelding had bet con
sidered a factor In the race. A compro
mise was reached by declaring .iff all
pools In which Royal Baron had been .-a
favorite or In which Pilot Evans had fig
ured in the ii. id- Royal Baron was laid
up the first two heats of the race and
then won easily in consecutive heats, Wil
ask being the only horse able to crowd
Americus was the favorite in the 2:03
trot, but after taking the first heat could
not reach, and Free Bond won in consecu
tive heats with scarcely any effort.
The 2:10 pace proved to be an Interest
ing race. There were eleven starters, and
Ace sold favorite In the pools, with The
Maid a close second. Ace was heavily
backed on the strength of his showing at
Detroit, when lie pushed Hal l: in two
fast heats, finishing second. The Cana
dian horse made a very poor showing In
the first heat, and could do no better than
finish third In the second. His backers]
Events in the Field of Sport.
In action here frequently and has always made a hurri
cane fight. Georgf Simpson, an Acme Club boxer. Will
meet Charles Thurston, another San Francisco club man.
at catch weight, which will be about 140 pounds. The
last bout will be between hard-hitting welter-weights.
F. Ast and R. A. Woods. The latter has had the advan
tage of Walter Watson's coaching and is a terrific
puncher. Ast proved his ability by winning the Herman
Oelrichs belt at the recent tournament of the Olympic
Club. The illustrations are from photographs by Bush
nell.
did not waver, however, and the speed |
which he showed in the third heat indi
cated that their confidence had not been I
misplaced. Ace took the heat after a J
neck-and-neck brush with The Maid alii
the way around the track to the stretch,
where Eyelet shot by The Maid and made
a game but unsuccessful effort to beat out
the leader. Ace won the fourth heat by
an easy distance, but darkness prevented
the race being finished.
Fred Kohl, a black horse by Guy Wilkes,
dam Mystic, went to beat his record of
2:10. pa. Ed by a running mate, and trotted
a mile in 2:07^. Results:
2:17 trot purse $3000 Royal Baron won third, j
fourth and fifth heats. Time. 2:15. 2:12. 2:12' = .
Wilask won first heat in 2:11% and was sec
ond. Jack D won second heat in 2:124 and was
third. Robert J, I^rri Vincent, Precision,
Josephine Dixon and Merriment also started.
2:19 pace, purse $3000 Free Bond won second,
third and fourth heats. Time. 2 11"*. 2:13»4.
2:13'-^. Americus won first heat in 2:!!'_ and
was" second. Honey Homer third. Hipless,
Minnie Young. Harry Paul and Charley M also
started.
2:10 pace, purse $2000 .unfinished) — Ace won
third and fourth heats Time. .'•'_. 2:00. Wil
liam -Me- wen first heat in 2:07 V Eyelet won
second heal In 2.07 U. The Maid. Fanny Dim
ard. Split Silk, Hydrogen, Arbuteskan, Minnie
Irene, Fire Quilt and Donnegh also started.
EASTERN TEAMS GO
DOWN TO DEFEAT
Boston Defeated by St. Louis and the
Reds Take the Measure of the
Superbas.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet Clubs— W. I. Pet. j
Rrnoklvn 60 3:» .574 Pittsburg ...47 42 .528 1,
Boston S3 34 .609 Cincinnati ..45 43 .."ill
Philadelphia 52 36 .691 Louisville ...3*l 49 .443
St. l_ouls M 36 .586 New Y0rk. ..35 f.6 *355
Baltimore ...*>o 37 .575 Washington 34 *.*> .370
Chicago .. 47 40 .540 Cleveland ...1« 74 .17S j ,
ST. LOUIS, Aug. I.— St. Louis came out on j
top to-day in the greatest game of ball ever j
'seen in this city. The game seemed hopelessly j
lost to the Perfect is three times, but they
rallied on each occasion. Powell relieved Sud- i
hoff in the twelfth Inning and won the game I
for his side in the fourteenth by batting the [
j ball to the clubhouse for a home run. Attend- )
ance. 5200. Score:
Clubs R- H. E.
St. Louis 8 15 ■*>
I Boston 7 17 1
Batteries— Sud-ioft. Powell an.l Schrecongost ;
Nichols and Clarke. Umpires— O' Day ami Mc-
Garr.
CINCINNATI. Aug. The locals pounded 1
both Dunn ami Yeager hard to-day ami won
an uninteresting game. Attendance, 2500. Score:
Clubs— It- " E.
Cincinnati W L '
Brooklyn * ; l
Batteries Hawley and Peitz; Dunn, Meager
and Farrell. Umpires— Lynch and Conn
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. li— In the second
inning of the last game to-day the Phillies j
made two errors and Cleveland hit Magee safe
ly five times. Bernhard was then substituted [
and the visitors secured but two hits during
the remaining (.art of the game. Schmidt was I
a mystery to the heavy-hitting Quakers. The
first same was comparatively easy for th.-- j
Phillies. Attendance, 6778. Score of first game-: j
Clubs- R- H. E,
Cleveland d 11 -
Philadelphia " ' -
Batteries Hughey and Sugden: Fraser and
Douglas. Umpires— and Latham.
Score of second game:
Clubs- P. H. E
Cleveland 6 8 ■_
Philadelphia - 9 - .
Batteries— Schmidt and Sugden; Magee. Bern
hard and McFarland. Umpires— Latham and
G'aftney.
I.i irisviLi.i-:. Aug. I.— Tlie Colonels bunched |
their hits in two innings, and, with the Giants'
errors, "cored another easy victory*. Wagner
-tele home In the fourth inning while Meekin
held the ball Right fielder Mike Tiernan was
to-day given his unconditional release by New j
York. Attendance, 1200. Score:
Clubs— B- H. E.
Louisville 7 7 2
New York 1 *>
Batteries— Dowling and Powers; Merkin. Wil
son and Warner. Umpire— Smith.
CHICAGO, Aug. I.— The Orphans finally took
one from the Senators to-day In a close but
poorly played game. The visitors played per
fe-t ball for seven innings, forcing the locals
t.e earn all their runs. Pad den's fielding was
t::e feature. Attendance, 600. Score:
< .', < ; lul,f — H. H. E.
[Chicago « J" -* !
Washington 5 10 2 1
Batteries- Griffith and Chance; Mercer and
Kittredge. Umpires— Emslie and McDonald.
PITTSBURG, Aug. I. Tannehill was hit
often but not effectively. Time and again
Baltimore filled the leases, but could not score.
Seventeen hits and but two runs shows either
poor play on one side or superior work on the.
other. Attendance, 3000. Score:
Clubs— R. 11. E.
Pittsburg 9 15 2
Baltimore 2 17 3
Batteries— Tannehill and Schriver; McGinety
and Robinson. Umpires Swartwood and Hunt.
May Gamble at Hawthorne.
CHICAGO, Aug. l. Tin- Cicero Town
Board, by a vote of 5 to 2, has refused
to sustain President John Lewis of Ci
cero In his efforts to suppress gambling
on the Hawthorne racetrack. President
Lewis has raided the track twice during
the summer and secured the indictment
of a number of bookmakers on a charge
of gambling, but the work has been done
at his own expense. The board to-day
refused to vote an appropriation of $2500
to carry on the work. The action makes
it almost certain that no interference with
the Hawthorne track will be made by
the Cicero Town Board.
Strengthening the Shamrock.
GREENOCK. Aug. I.— The America's
cup challenger Shamrock bent her jury
sails to-day, preparatory to starting mi
Thursday for the United States. Lloyd's
agents were very exacting in- regard to
strengthening the yacht and the work
men have had great difficulty in boring
holes in the aluminum. Her compasses
will be adjusted to-morrow. The chal
lenger will proceed to Fairlie at about
noon on Wednesday and will remain there,
for the night. Sir Thomas Uptons steam
yacht Erin will join the Shamrock on
Thursday morning and the. two vessels
will start for America about 10 o'clock.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2, 1899.
GEORGE BAKER.
FLOWER OF GOLD
WINS GALLOPING
IN THE ELECTRIC
Jennings' Filly Shows
Her Speed.
— ♦ —
LADY MADGE A SURPRISE
— • — •
SARAGOSSA STAKES TAKEN BY
AN OUTSIDER.
♦
At Saratoga Voter Spreadeagles His
Field and Reels Off Six Fur
longsjn 1:12 1-2 With
out Urging.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW FORK, Auk. I.— The Electric han
dicap for two-year-olds and the Saragassa
stakes tor three-year-old fillies were the
features of the card at Brighton Beach
to-day. The last named resulted in one
of the prettiest races of the season. Bet
tie Gray was the favorite at 7 to 5, with
Satin Slipper and Sky Scraper equal sec
ond choices and Lady Madge the neg
lected outsider. The latter, with Sky
Scraper, made the running to the far turn,
with the other two rating along two
lengths back. As they rounded into the
stretch Sky Scraper had enough and Bet
tie Gray moved up and challenged Lady-
Madge. They fought it out through the
stretch, and Doggett on the latter man
aged to land his mount a winner by a
short head. Sky Scraper was third, only
a length away.
The Electric handicap was a lug gallop
for the favorite, Flower of Gold, the
Rancho del Paso filly in the string of W.
B. Jennings. Results:
Five furlongs— All Gold won, Hcsper second.
Prestige third. Time, 1:014-6.
line mile, gelling— Klondike Queen won.
•\voca second. Sister Fox third. Time, 1:42 1-."..
Electric handicap, six furlongs-Flower of
Gold won. Shrove Tuesday second, Eileen Daly
third. Time. 1:14 4-.*..
Saragossa stakes, one mile— Lady Madge won,
Bettie Gray second, Sky Scraper third. Time,
1:42 * ■'::''-'■■' " *'*■£
Mile and an eighth- Devil won. Bannock
burn second. Barateria third. Time, 1:54
Six furlongs, selling— I »"lll'- Wi#thort won,
Zanone second, Hurricane third. Time, 1:13 4-5.
SARATOGA, Aug. I.— The feature of the
Saratoga card this afternoon was the
Fleischmann cup, but Voter's remarkable
performance in the first race, where he
spreadeagled his hold and won as he
pleased in J:l2'^, took the shine, out of the
cup event. This breaks -the track record
for six furlongs and treads close upon the
heels of the world's record, which is but
a quarter of a second better. Voter
jumped off in front, but Prince Margaret
headed him for a time, when he came
again, winning as he pleased. On Satur
day last lie lowered the track record for
live and a half furlongs to 1:06%.
The cup horses were a worrisome lot of
youngsters, delaying the start for a half
hour. Mesmerist broke in front every
time, eventually getting off well. He was
never headed, though had Turner made
his move on Mariberl sooner the decision
might have been reversed, as the colt
came strong under the whip.
Burns was fined $100 for delaying the
start in the third race. Precursor was
sold after the race to Sam Taylor, terms
private- Results: 7.7:
Six furlongs- Voter won. L'Alouette second,
Nicholas third. Time. 1:12%.
• Mile— Toluca won, Hold On second. Time,
1:411 • . •-•■* -'•■•': -'",-■ ' - *-'" "
Fleischmann stakes, five and a half furlongs
Mesmerist won. Maribert second, McMeekin
third. Time. 1:07%. •_ T • -
Mile and an eighth— Adoiph Spreckeis won.
Myth second. Beau Ideal third. Time, 1:55*4.
Five and a half furlongs— Precursor won,
l.avega second, Herbert third. Time, 1:09%.
CHICAGO, Aug. I.— Weather clear, track fast
at Harlem to-day. Results: . ;".
Four and a half furlongs— Martin Duke won,
Monteagie second, Satan third. Time, :.",'.' 2 .
* One mile, selling— Princess Murphy won,
Bosavannah second, Mayme M M third. Time,
; '._'■■
Six furlongs, handicap- Helen's Pet won,
Maceo second, Horace third. Time. 1:13%.
One and a sixteenth -Tenby won, John
Baker second. Cherry Leaf third. Time, 1:47.
Selling five and a half furlongs— Maharajah
won. Zaza second. Unsightly third. Time,
> -OS 1 -*.
One mile and seventy yards— Mizpah won,
Zerrano second, Tranby third. Time, 1:44%.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. I.— Track slow. Results:
One mile and seventy yards— Guide Rock won,
Mattie G second. School Girl third. Time,
1*49-4
Maiden two-year-olds, five furlongs—Lamp
wick won. Silent Friend second. Leipzig third.
Time 1:12. Marie Q Brown finished second, but
was disqualified for fouling.
Selling, six furlongs— Harrie Floyd won.
Necklace second. Czarowitz third. Time, 1:16%.
Six furlongs— lmp. Mint Sauce won, Trladltza
second. The Pride third. Time. 1:11.
Selling, one and a sixteenth miles— Parole
dOr won. .limp second. Barbee third. Time,
Selling one mile and seventy yards— Eltholln
won Sir Joseph Lister second, Connie Lee
third. Time. 1:49%.
DETROIT. Aug. I.— The weather was clear
and the Windsor track fast to-day. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling— Hy George won. Our
I.iria second. Brown Veil third. Time, I:29 'i.
Half a mile selling— won. Ida Fordham
second. Isabinda third. Time. :«*.
Seven furlongs— Our Lizzie won, l_ooram sec
ond. Mi'iitanus third. Time. 1:27.
Five furlongs, two-year-olds— Daily Report
won, Ti.-1-full -second, Advance Guard third.
Time, 1:01*4.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Lady of the est
won, Tony Honing second. Richardson third.
Time, 1 :...'«. » y-j '-'
Handicap steeplechase, full course— Pommery
II won. Rosebery second. Black Jimmy third.
Time, 4:39.
INGLESIDE HAS
SECURED A NEW
LEASE OF LIFE
| Coursing to Be Re
sumed Saturday.
COURT GRANTS AN INJUNCTION 1
.--'•• ■ — ♦ — ■ .
( OWNERS OF GREYHOUNDS WILL
ORGANIZE TO-MORROW.
4,
Advocates of the New Association
Claim to Have Received Many
Signatures to the Mem
bership Roll.
-» ■
Judge Bahrs issued a temporary injunc
tion on behalf of the Ingliside Coursing
Association yesterday, restraining Chief
of Police Lees from making arrests at or
interfering with coursing at the petition
ers' grounds. Two weeks ago the Board
' of Supervisors sustained Mayor Phelan's
i
DOCKING THE' BRITISH SHIP ARISTOMENE.
IT is not often that a deep-water ship comes in from sea and goes direct
to her dock, but that was done with the Aristomene yesterday. She
came from Iquique and was loaded with niter. The California Powder
Company has been out of this article for weeks and in order to keep the
factories going has had to import it from the East by rail. The Aristo
mene was not alongside the wharf half an hour before the work of dis
charging her cargo was in progress.
veto of the order permitting betting at
the coursing park. Chief of Police Lees
then made arrangements to move on th
grounds if the anti-pool selling ordinance
was violated. Hence a suit was tiled to
restrain the police from further action
it Ileitis claimed that, as coursing is
simply a test of the dogs' skill, not their
speed, the ordinance In question does not
prohibit betting thereon. A motion t.i .li
solve the Injunction will Boon be made
by Chief Lees, and then the merits of th
petitioners' contentions will be deter
mined. It was on these same ground
the promoters of betting on boxing con
tests were granted immunity under the
law. 7J : - - ! . "
At a meeting of the Ingleside Coursing
Club last night President Dominic
Shannon announced that there would be
coursing at Ingleside em Saturday and
Sunday. The draw will be held to-mor
row night. President Shannon also an
nounced that the directors of the club
have leased from the Crocker estate for a
term of five years the old Ocean View-
Coursing Park. This consists of eighty
,-.'--• 9, and was formerly conducted as a
park by Canovan. It Is partly in San
Mateo "and partly in this county. The
stands and Letting pavilion will be in
San Mateo. The officers affirm they will
embrace ail the latest Improvements
making the park a model one. The fol
lowing members were elected last night:
J. .1. Murphy. M. Halpin. George Lacombe,
T. Tlerney. Joseph Perry. John Mahoney, A.
Van den " Burgh. M. Tternan, John Carkerj
J. Heldy. Frank Hogan; Ernest Zimmerman.
Thomas Foley, A. Vanderwhlte. William Fitz
gerald, Thomas Logan. Michael Dohertj
Henry Murray, Patrick Cavensy, Thomas Mc-
Dermot. Alfred P. Murphy. James Flowers,
James McCormick, W. C. Collier. John Dillon,
Charles B. Ames, John 8. Egan. Philip Tier
nev. John Tlerney, Frank Lucier. Dan de
Lemey, Michael Glynn, Thomas de Lemey, G.
Wiley. M. L. Clarkson. Frank Kinney, J
Bradshaw, M. M. Radigan.
The members of the Interstate Cours- I
ing Club held their regular meeting last
night, transacting a bet of routine busi
ness. The following members were elect
ed: M. Spargo. John Russell. M. Allen,
,T. E. Wilson. O. A. Sterl, James Hurley,
P. McCabe', H. Germain, George Nether
cott and Asa Newell.
The Dog Owners' Protective Association
is an accomplished fact. Hundreds of
names have -been signed to a petition call
ing a meeting at Pythian Castle to-mor
row night. A permanent organization will
be perfected at this time.
Hugh Lynch's stake, winner Lottie M
has recovered from her overexertion at
Pnion Park last Sunday. Her skillful
trainer. J. Maher. does not expect any
bad aftereffects from the severe race she
had. •-■ >7'.",V
PHEASANTS IN THE VALLEY
These Game Birds Are Doing Well in
the Yosemite.
In the early part of May the Fish and j
Game Commissioners placed in the Yo- I
semite Valley about a dozen pheasants.
It was believed that with the abundance
of cover and water there the birds would
do well, and this belief is likely to be cor- |
rect, judging from the following letter re- i
ceived yesterday by Deputy C. A. Vogel
sang from J. B. Cook, manager of the !
Central Hotel in the valley:
. "None of the pheasants had been seen
for the last two or three weeks up to the
day before yesterday, when a pair were
seen in Kennev's field with fifteen young
ones. If the others have paired off as th's
pair did— and we expect the same results
from them— the outlook for the valley to
become stocked with pheasants is most
encouraging. I will let you know if any
of the others are seen from now on to the. !
end of the season, and how this brood i
, gets along.'' • I
APPRENTICES
ON THE ADAMS
MAKE TROUBLE
One Boy Deserted at
Magdalena Bay.
— ♦ —
NEARLY DIED IN THE DESERT
— —
MANY OF THE DADS GOT CRAZY
DRUNK ON MESCAL.
•»■
The Training Ship Will Leave in a
Day or Two to Complete Her
— Water Front
Notes.
There is an unarmed neutrality aboard |
the United States training ship Adams. i
The boys do not like the officers and the
latter have not a very high opinion of the
average apprentice. There have been a
number of attempts at desertion and one
boy who tried to make his escape over the
cacti plains around Magdalena Bay would
surely have perished had not Indian run
ners "found him and brought him in. On
another occasion a whole squad of boys
got raving drunk on mescal and there
was a high old time getting them ironed
and into the brig. •
The Adams is now at Mare Island.
where some of the officers are being ex
amined for promotion. She will come
down from the yard next Friday and the
: interrupted cruise will then be resumed.
i In May last th- Adams, with 200 appren
-1 tice boys aboard, started on a cruise that
was to last six months. From here she
was to go to Magdalena Bay, Hilo and
Honolulu, H. I.; Port Angeles, Wash.;
Victoria. B. <".: Tacoma, Seattle, Port
Townsend and Portland, and back to San
Francisco. The vessel has been to Mag
dalena Bay, Hilo. Honolulu and Victoria,
and will later take in the other ports
mentioned.
While the training ship was at Magda
: lena Bay George Starkey. one of the boys,
made his escape. He thought he could
, walk to Guaymas and there catch -th"!
: steamer Curacao for San Francisco.
George stole a good supply of provisions
from the cook, but could not pack along
j a great deal of water. When he got out
into the desert he soon began to wish for
his hammock aboard the Adams. His
supply of water soon gave out and just
as he was ready to He down in despair
the trackers sent out by Captain Book
found him.
A few days after the Starkly episode
- the boys had battalion drill ashore. They
secured a quantity of mescal and smug
gled it aboard. The fiery liquor nearly
drove them crazy and pandemonium
reigned until the worst cases were in
solitary confinement. The boys suffered
horribly from "swelled head" the next
day. and to add to their misery" each of
them got five days on bread and water.
Many of the boys made up their minds
to run away at Honolulu, but all their
plans went wrong. Captain Book "smelled
a rat." and in consequence only about
i twenty of the special and first class boys
Were given shore leave. All the others
■ had to enjoy the beauties of Honolulu
, from the deck of the training ship. At
Hilo they had a good time. All the lads
were taken ashore and entertained. At
Victoria, B. «'.. only a short stop was
made, as Lieutenant Dunbar was taken
sick and had to be sent to the hospital.
I As soon as he was put ashore the Adams
sailed for San Francisco.
The transport Indiana sailed last night
< for Manila with 800 recruits. Sixteen of
her Filipino crew succeeded in getting
ashore here, but all the others will be !
' taken back to Manila. There was very
little excitement around the transport
' during the day. Nearly all the soldiers
are from distant parts of the country and
there were few who seemed to take any
interest in them. ':.- -- .- •■-.-
Captain S. B. Randall returned to San
Francisco on the tug Hercules yesterday.
! He brought the vessel up here from San
Diego to be recalked. From here Captain
Randall goes to the Columbia River to
take , -barge of the bar tug AVallula.
The German ship Flottbek and the Brit
ish ship Aristomene reached port yester-
I day. The Flottbek was 140 days from
: Hamburg and the Aristomene seventy-six
days from [qulque. The latter vessel has
1 been anxiously looked for during the past
two weeks. She is loaded with niter and
i the California Powder Works is so short
of that article that it has been importing
j the product from the Fast by rail. The
Aristomene was docked the moment she
was passed by the quarantine officer and
the. work of discharging began. ;
The Flottbek had barely come to an
anchor before the boarding masters and
their runners were aboard seeking to get
the men to desert. Sailors are very scarce
.and it is possible that neither the German
j nor the Englishman will have many of
Its crew left by to-night.
Reay and Trimble Matched.
• LOS ANGELES. .Aug. I.— The Los An
geles Athletic Club has concluded ar
rangements for a twenty-round boxing
contest between Joe Reay of San Fran
cisco and Jimmy Trimble of this city.
The men will weigh 155 pounds. The con
test Willi- take -lace on August 17. The
men have signed articles.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
*++++++++++++++++++++ ++++ +++++++++++++*++*2$
Australian Bird WHET KBIKnittI 1 1 BJ_I ? r " me/ ' £
_s~ri|irt-wpwuMii: i
*£!% a m m - " ©oW-enJtoleßax^xr-. r^ JJg^JS. J
Admission Free &&&***& LMGLST-AMERICA'SOIAnDEST STOOE . Posto ffice. J
This first week of school— a Special sale of "Boys' School *
Suits. J
$5 awi/ $6 Suits for boys 3 to 7 years for «
$2.45— A11-wool Fancy Cassimeres and Cheviots— jacket with J
sailor collar— vest, and trousers trimmed at knee with braid and
buckle. _._._«■ _< '_* *
$4 and $4.50 Double-breasted Coat and J
Knee Pants Suits, 65— Strictly all-wool cloths, thor-
oughly tailored, sizes for boys 9 to 15 years. *
These bigger-than-ever bargains for to-day. Read «
particulars below.. %
Ladies' Vests 9c $2.25 Comforters . ... *
Embroideries... ......... ii ..... $1*75 *
one-third off -gallon Pitchers. 17c «
Shell Combs Q ° D Js eai Gt s ii D *
.... one-third off $1.25 Sailor Hats 25c «
12 Ginghams at... 7 c $12.45 Covert Suits ... *
Lace Curtains 98c ._. ■_ •• aA - 94.95 «
Boys' Knee Pants 33c 50c Shirt Waists,. 3 for «
12 c Garden Hose. 7,c ■••••■ ■— ; f'^jy «
25c Suspenders 18c 50c Negligee Shirts 38c «
60c Salt Boxes 38c 35c Sheet Music . 200 J
50c Curtain Chains 15c *
Real Tortoise Shell Combs— To-day cn-y the big store offers its entire J
Tine comprising back comb*, side combs, tuck combs, pompadour combs and J
h irpins. at one-third off regular prices. J
SnecialSale Embroideries-To-day only the big store offers a large «
wt of Cambric Embroidered Edgings, good cloth and fast edges, regularly from «
2c to 25c pr yard, at one-third off regular prices. |
Offan-uo. Two Lines of Ginghams- pieces of 10c Dress Ging- *
hTms in stripes and plaids, pretty pink and blue; and l3o pieces of 32-inci «
Z.-.hvr Ginghams in dainty stripes that sell regularly at 12« c yard— splendid. J
firm wei -woven cloth thit will wash and wear well, excellent materials for J
ladies' wrappers or children's scho > 1 dresses-on special sale to-day (We lne*- ▼
day) only, per yard 7G <#
Bed Gcmforters, $1.75- -The large double-bed «
' size (72x84 inches), covered with an extra strong J
£*f_l printed .percaline and filled with pure white odorless J
>Vf cotton, regular price $2.25 each— on s-pecial sale_to-dav ▼
U f at $1.75
Jfk All.wool Knee Pants, 33 c— To-day Wednes- J
/ Sr^ I \ da y on y t * ie bis 6tore offe " 450 pairs of Knee Pant 3 *
jcfifca/ i^\ \ for boys 3to 14 years of aze, not shoday or cotton _g
I J* . • f&) goods (we do not carry that kind), but regular 50j all-
I // Yy wool pants in neat, medium colors and a'l-the-year-
tsize i72xe>4 inches), made with taped seams— strong *
printed percaline and fi-led with pure white odorless J
cotton, regular price $2.25 each— on special sale to-day J
at $1.75
All. woo I Knee Pants, 330— To-d»y (Wednes- J
day on y the big store offers 400 pairs of Knee Pants J
for boys 3 to 14 years of aze, not shoday or cotton
goods Iwe do not carry that kind), but regular 50^ all-
wool pants in neat, medium colors and a'l-the-year-
round weights, well made w>th taped seams— to day, <f>
I ,/ I * per pair joo J
yj |y/ Ladies' Summer Vests, BC— Ladies' Richelieu «
A / Rebbed Egyptian Cotton Vests, prettily edged arounl *
_yY_J neck snd armholes, white only, regularly 15j each— on «*
J J sale to-day at 8C *
/ ti^ Glean-up of Odd Lines Lace Curtains— <*
r/^ 7|^ Several odd lines of Nottingham Curtains in fishnet and <4*
_/_i^ \Mf fb-al designs; widths frcm 52 to 60 inch's. 'Zv. yards *
£?Z~X> long, worth regularly from $1.35 to $1.65 a pair- o*i *
sale to-day only, per pair • QBe j
50C Curtain Chains, 15c pair— lso pairs of Spiral Metal Curtain <«
nain-, regu.ar valudOUc— on special sale to-day only, per pair »■»© *
Water Pitcher?, 17c— Emerald Green or Crystal /^^js^. *
giass Water Pitchers, in shape like illustration, h"'f- i>^^|^^\ *
gallon capacity, on special sale to day on y, each 17c Y&'.:-!')i^J^7\l\ J
90c Meat Pia' ters. \^__^_Z__^l J* ■»
"-^S^^-^V 4-8 - Meakin's semi-nor- 'BffP^-rai IB *
' /^<7 •«--^^»^^ x:^ l . celain 14-inch Miat Plat- JBHJ _\\ \M *
' U('L T* p"' y\\ ters, light brown border |jl' j WET J
1 f- ft^- ; **£$ w **** aco ore<^ B P ia y of |Hl' !!iij / J
• \f4^7 /* l2£s&mMfy sutcmn leaves, regular price iaf^ y ■ J
> \ty^£^^=^*^^)/ 90° each, to-day's special _ X/ A^^fcn ♦
>'" 41^ pri- cis less than the price **Vi/ \__^^ ■*
- of a common white stone -*«-gHS*-'
' China Platter, to-day only 48c 4.
, 25c Suspenders, 18C — Men's full length Suspenders, finished with ♦
' leather ami m.hair ends, honest 25 values, special for Wednesday only, per *
' pair • 180
| 50C Negligee Shirts, 38C -Men's, Negligee Overshirts, /^^\ *
i wide, cornfortabb cut, length 3i inches, yoKe back and double (ff/~\\\ *
sewed, a full 50c value special to-day- 380 V/ J j 2.
! 60C Salt Boxes, 38c— Imported Salt Boxes of fancy >gg^^ *
, inlaid hardwood, highly polished, hinged cover with white i 0.-cc- S" "^^^^jN *
i lain came plate, regularly 60c each— to-day 38c _y^nm_ Jjjjn J
! Sale Of Garden Hose — Another lot of G.rden Hose on Bdg pr j^p *
! special sale to-day — in all 1850--\-inch, fu-iy guarantee qml- )\?i_____sF *
ity, cut in any desired length, aluminum couplings free with 25 1 1 JqJ^J^T | *
feet or more, regularly- 12; a foot— on special sale to-day gm (_ J *
(Welnesiay) only .....'. 7 -.© _^Wm_j^\ *
' Wednesday Sale Sheet Music— ihesQ four popular h's^^^m *
songs now in great demand: "Oh, Promise Me," "Mv Old New ***' fill 'if, l»*-i ♦
Hampshire Home." "My B ack Bess" and ' Because" special *
salelodiy on'y. each 200
\ Special Safe Banjo, Mandolin or Guitar Gases— To-day only «
the big store offers— *
$1.40 Canvas Mandolin Cases for $1.17 *
• $2.00 Canvas Banio Cases for $'.23 J
$2.00 Canvas Guitar Cases for $1.23 2,
» Great Grocery Spe
_ Hesperian Haywards Tomatoes—
_\ 4 cans f0r.... 250
J Only I dozen to a customer.
fr Pyramid Soap Powder— l-lb pack-
fr age", re**u'arlv 10c eac.i, 5 pack-ures
* f0r...::....: 25c
* Pyramd Soap Powder- 6-oz
J packages, re^uiarly 4c each 12 pack-
et ages for 25C
I Royal Dutch floCOa-The 1-lb 90c cans
fr lor • 72C
fr
S^HHHH***** ****^-*- 4 **»'*'»'«>*«
BATTLE CREEK POLICE
KNOCK OUT LAVIGNE
Has Joined the Army and Wanted
to Do Up the Force of the
Town.
BATTLE CREEK, Mich., Aug. I.—
George, better known as "Kid" La
vigne, disappeared from public sight
shortly after his defeat by Erne at
Buffalo for the lightweight champion
ship and remained quiescent until this
morning early, when he broke out in
this city and attempted to clean out
the police department. He was one of
the .twelve recruits bound from Sagi
naw for Fort Sheridan to join Colonel
Gardner's Thirtieth" volunteer regiment
for Manila. 7 • c . 7
When the station was reached a num
ber of recruits got off and among them
was 'Kid Lavigne. He found a police
man standing on the station platform
and said he longed to lick the whole
police force of Battle Creek.
He and Policeman Gore mixed up
lively for awhile and Gore finally
floored him with a smash in the eye.
He chased Gore with a revolver until
Policeman Bancroft came to Gore's
rescue. Bancroft knocked Lavigne
down with a club and the two officers
hammered him good and plenty. They
could not arrest him as he was in the
United States service and bound for
the front. The "Kid" was badly bat
tered up when the sergeant in charge
of the party finally got him aboard the
train. 75.77
trials To-Day Only. *
Laundry Sosp— l-lb bars, good *
quility, unwrapped, 35 bars fo" «
5/-00 «
A. & B. California Olive Oil— large *
bottles, each ....... 50c *
Harper Pure Rye or Cyrus Noble *
Bourbon, per bottle..". 83c J
Portf or Sherry^-Onr $1.50 pal- 2
lon ciua>ity $1.00 X
Tom Gin or Holland flffl— Our $1 00 <
quality, per bottle Bdc -*
«««4*«4*i**4Ai6*44*i_V<»4£3x
WHEELMAN HANSEN'S
MARVELOUS STAMINA
Man Who Is Racing for the Thou-
sand-Mile .Record Shows No
Sign of Fatigue.
MINNEAPOLIS, Aug. 1.— "Old Man"
Hansen is still grinding out the centu
ries. Six hundred and twenty miles in 55
hours and M minutes was the story up to
1:30 p. m. to-day. "Within the world's
record, the six hundredth mile was fin
ished in a sprint in 2:38, and Hansen was
still feeling fresh. As he sailed down
the incline this side of the railroad
bridge at Lake Calhoun, pushing his
pacemakers, Rooke and Palmer, spring
ing lightly from bis wheel and walking
briskly into the training tent, he looked
the least weary of the. three riders.
Tony Johnson. Hansen's trainer, had
slept but an hour and a half up to 1:38
o'clock to-day. He is up at all hours
read} for an emergency, as he is counting
on bringing in his man several hours be
low the hundred-hour mark. Hansen
still has no haggard appearance, and
complains not even of being tired.
The finish on Monday was at 8:40 p. m.
Then came a sleep of 7 hours and 37
minutes, and at 4:22 o'clock this morning
Hansen resumed the grind. The last
twenty miles of the 600 miles was fin
ished "in 1 hour 7 minutes, as 21 minutes
was consumed in lunching.
Hansen completed 700 miles at 8:10
o'clock this evening. He will undoubtedly
finish by midnight on Wednesday fifteen
hours ahead of the record.
It's always difficult for a young man
to understand why .-any other young
man should fall in love with his sister.
56
■ ' !
WEDNESDAY ....AUGUST 2, 1899 |
r . - "~
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor:
Address AH Communications to t-EAKE.j Manager.^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Slain IB6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Slain IST4.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
T , .. by Mall, Inclu4lng Postage:
DAILY CALL (incluelini? Sunday Call), one year *£-<* i
DAILT CALL (including Sunday Call). I months 3.00 i
Daily CALL (Including Sunday Ca'.:;. » month* 1.00
DAILY CALI_— By Single Month ' *~®
BVNI AY ALL One Year *•*»»
WEEKLY CALL One Tear *««H1
AH postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Ba_3_pl« copies will bo forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadwa>
i
C. GEORGE KROGNESS,
M»*a£er Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE »
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Bhernaan House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Aet-na Hotel; A. Brentano. 81 Union Bquaraj
Murray Hill Hotel. ,
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel |
J. L. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK. 287 Hayes street. open until
9-30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open uotll 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lorain street, open uotll 9:350 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518 •
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "One of Our Girls,"
Columbia— "Heartsease."
heum— Vaudeville.
Tlvoll-"AJda."
Alcazar— "Romeo and Juliet."
Grand Opera House— "Boccaccio."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theaters-Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Butro -Swimming Races, etc,
AUCTION SALES.
By Chase ft Mendenhall— Thursday, August 8, at 11 o'clock.
Horses, at 1782 Market street.
By Yon Rhein & Co.— Thursday, August 10, at 13 o'clock,
Real Estate, at 513 California ftreet.
THE EMERGENCY HOSPITALS.
THE Board of Health has certain powers and a
latitude of discretion. When it is using these
powers and this discretion it should be care
ful to have reason on its side. In a contro
versy with the Supervisors over an appropriation
for its work, the board has sought to furnish
an object lesson by closing all of the emer
gency hospitals. There is no evidence of any
necessity for this act These hospitals are very nec
essary in a large city. They are humane institutions
for the temporary reception and emergency treat
ment of the victims of accident. One of them is lo
cated in Golden Gate Park, where driving and road
accidents are of frequent occurrence, and as it is re
mote from medical help and surgical assistance, is a
necessity to the Park administration. Another is on
the water front, where mishaps attend upon the load
ing .nd unloading of ships and life is frequently saved
by the timely ligaturing of a torn artery and suffering
is prevented by prompt treatment of injuries. An
other is in the City 'Hall. Because there was criti
cism of the appointment by the Board of Health of
rounders to places that should be filled by gentlemen
fit for their duties, the board, in pique, and willfully,
has closed these hospitals. At the City Hall this act
was attended by a shameful display of brutality in the
refusal to treat a soldier who had his hand and wrist
painfully lacerated by glass and was in immediate
danger of bleeding to death by the puncture of the
radial artery. A few minutes before the ambulance
brought him to the hospital it had been declared
closed on account of unsanitary conditions, and the
physician present refused to help the wounded man.
It ought not to be necessary to say to the Board of
Health that this is going too far, even if it had a legi
timate reason for closing these hospitals. If a doctor
found a man bleeding to death on the street he should
be kicked out of his profession for refusing to render
him assistance. But how much more grievous is the
offense of one who is salaried by the taxpayers re
fusing help to a patient whom he is required to assist
in the discharge of his official duty.
Such inhuman conduct will not help the case of the
board, even if it were a good case, and will only add
to the stench of a case already known to be bad.
We warned the members of the Board of Health
not long ago to beware of violating the ethics of their '
profession and their obligations to it as gentlemen
by yielding to the demand of blackguards in the plac
ing of their official patronage. By not heeding that
warning they became the laughing stock of the com
munity and seem determined now to become also the
objects of its detestation.
The California Volunteers gave up good positions,
lost their salaries, left their homes and went to the
Philippines to fight for the republic, and it is a very
mean man who at this time refuses to contribute to
the fund to prepare for them a grand welcome home.
It is said that certain recent political disturbances
seem to indicate that Governor Gage intends to think
for himself. The Governor's friends always did insist
that his administration would be one of surprises.
After closing up the receiving hospitals, if the
Board of Health will now close itself up the people
will be half ready to accept the situation and call it
square.
•
John Nicholl, an East Oakland capitalist, says a
Miss Jane Hodge proposed for his hand, whereupon
he told the bold young thing to "ask daughter.
According to the evening papers a man named
Johnson has arrived fre^h from Dawson. He had been
on ice long enough, why shouldn't he?
■4
Mrs. Mary Ellen Lease proposes' to put into the
new "spook" trust the ghost of a show the Populist
party has for existence.
...-...■-..,..-.■ :..-•.
Tom Ketchum, the Texas highwayman, appears to
have a talismanic name. The officers are still looking
for him.
The Board of Health threatens to quit. There are
some things too good to be true.
SAN DOMINGO AFFAIRS.
THE assassination of President Heureaux, after
serving sixteen years in that office, seems to '
have been intended to prevent his election to j
I another term, though it had the pretext of personal
revenge.
As the usual means of effecting changes in the per
sonnel of that country are revolutionary, it is not a
surprise that a revolt has followed and threatens to
:' become general. Immediately there is raised here an ,
1 outcry that our government must intervene to pre- j
i vent a revolution. By what right? We have had three
revolutions in this country- since we became inde- j
pendent, and two of our Presidents have been assas- j
j sinated. Suppose that all Europe had treated any of j
I these events as valid reason for sending allied armies I
; and associated fleets here to take charge of us, what
answer would our people have made to such an in- ,
vasion?
Our last revolution, the civil war, visited wide-
I spread misfortune and famine upon other countries.
j The cotton spinners of Manchester starved while their J
| spindles rusted for lack of the raw cotton to spin.
No revolution, ancient or modern, has visited upon
, the world's commerce such distress and loss. \etwe :
■ treated it, fought and ended it, in our own way, and I
! would have resisted to the last man and last dollar
any interference, though upon the plea of imperiled \
| commercial interests and interrupted trade.
The mongrels of San Domingo have exactly the
| same rights that we had. The right of the discon
\ tented to revolt is not limited numerically. We have :
j had the whisky rebellion, Shay's rebellion and the
j civil war, only three, but we may have others. We ;
\ have had two Presidents murdered, and our average
iin both respects is not much behind that of San :
\ Domingo.
Of course every American observer knows that if '
' the administration permit itself to be nagged into i
' active interference, it will be not through fear of any j
damage to American trade. Our total exports to |
San Domingo for the eleven months ending May, j
1809, were valued at $947,367. If the profit were 20 j
per cent it was less than $200,000, and it would cost j
twenty times that to make interference effective.
The real reason for urging interference is the de
sire to assume more of the white man's burden, to
go abroad seeking more glory and preparing to in- j
crease our present daily war expenditure of $800,000. j
The population is like all tropical people, peppery 1
as their climate and unstable as its storms. White j
men can't live there and the blacks work as little as j
possible and use their abundant leisure in politics. j
Toussaint I'Ouverture made the country, in con- j
nection with Hayti, a republic in 1801. and it became j
a separate republic about sixty years ago. A revolu- .
1 tionary chief offered it to the United States in
I Grant's time, but a Republican Senate had the good
I sense to reject the gift, since when we have done very
j well without San Domingo and San Domingo has .
j done as well without us.
When the island first became free and the black
: slaves became its rulers they at once established an 1
aristocracy. Being more familiar with the nomencla-J
' ture of the kitchen than with Heraldry and the
i Almanach de Gotha. they solemnly invested each
' other with such titles as Duke de Champignon, the
; Count de Bouillon, Baron de Succotash and the
Baronet Boeuf aia Mode. At bottom our American
: imperialists lust for something like that, and we beg ;
' to suggest that they depart and colonize the ague
smitten, mosquito-burdened, sand-crab populated
i plains of San Domingo and grow up with the coun
! try, in the enjoyment of titles acquired by the old '
; aristocracy derived from the menu.
According to the returning heroes of Nebraska,
Aguinaldo is in a particularly embarrassing plight. If j
he refuses to fight he will be shot by his followers.
If he fights he is likely some day to dangle at the end j
iof a rope. He ought to send to The Hague for an j
I arbitrator.
The friends of the "bad" Sheriff of Socorro, who
persists in flourishing his pistols at inopportune times
and in ill-chosen places, -ought to get him out of the
city, as he is likely to leave us with a bad impression
and a broken pate.
TROPICAL CLIMATES.
DISCUSSION is on again concerning the fit
ness of the tropics to sustain an Anglo-Saxon
population and transmit it, physically and
mentally unimpaired, from generation to generation.
The Chronicle devotes a column to this subject,
with the conclusion in these words: "No territory
has been acquired by our Government in the tropics
in which an American, whether from Maine or Flor
ida, may not make his home in safety, and with the
assurance that its warmer sunshine will visit no de
generacy upon his children."
There are no physical nor historical facts to sustain
that conclusion. Certain recent English and Ameri
can writings, semi or pseudo scientific, have attempted
to contradict the experience of ages and the findings
of science in that respect, but they can by no means
be taken as authority to overthrow the world's knowl
edge acquired by experience.
That the death rate of European military' bodies in
tropical Asia has decreased in the last fifty years has
no bearing at all. England, France and Holland,
which have all maintained armies in the tropics in
that time, have by the enforcement of discipline and
a relentless watchfulness in post and camp, and by the
selection of salubrious locations for garrisons," mate
rially decreased the waste of life which was the rule
in their armies fifty years ago.
But when we speak of the effect of tropical climates
j upon the Anglo-Saxon, we mean the average man,
those from Maine and Florida, who without fortunes
: go as home-seekers to the torrid zone, as they went to
! the upper Mississippi Valley. The tropically salu-
I brious locations are not on the levels where such men
! must seek homes, or the lands from which their own
1 labor must get them a living.
The millions of our people, who labor on farms or
j in the industries of the country, cannot in the torrid
zone pick out a location nor be the beneficiaries of the
discipline of a military post. They must go where the
work is, and if they thrive it must be by the same
toil which wins success here. This leaves out of the
possibilities of their situation the devotion of the time
and precaution which the wealthy may devote to
warding off the horrors of a vertical sun, the poisons
of humidity and the relaxing and strength destroying
effects of a climate to which white labor can never
adapt itself. The rich man or the officer who can
wear pajamas and a cork hat, and hammock himself
i to be fanned by a servant, is not a representative of
Anglo-Saxon population. Let the Chronicle or the
pseudo-scientific writers quoted by it point out a sin
gle community in the torrid zone where the labor,
skilled, unskilled and agricultural, is performed by
Anglo-Saxons, and its contention will be proved. It
j is true that the Latin races withstand the 'poison and
I pelting sunbeams of the tropics better than the Anglo-
I Saxons. Yet those races. have never produced in the
torrid zone a pure-blooded laboring population. They
I mongrelize with native races and have left everywhere
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2. 1893.
a hybrid people in their wake, in whose veins the su
perior blood is deteriorated by its association. The
Anglo-Saxon mongrel has not even physical strength
and is short-lived, so that our- race has not even a
physical survival in hybrid form.
The pure Spanish, French and Italian blood in the
tropics is not transmitted, with unimpaired quality,
from generation to generation. Statistics of Euro
pean marriages in French Guiana show a survival of
141 children of 816 married Europeans, and every one
of them dwarfed, wrinkled and with physical and men
tal infirmities. This is true everywhere in the tropics
where altitude does not nullify latitude. The same
rule covers the domestic animals of the temperate
zone, which degenerate in the tropics.
It is not wise to tempt Americans from Maine or
Florida to go home seeking under a vertical sun.
William Paterson tempted the lowland Scotch in his
Darien scheme and lured them to death. When the
Acadians were banished after the war of 1762, thirteen
thousand of them perished by the climate in French
Guiana, whither they had gone to seek homes.
The Chronicle has now discovered that the Ha
waiian Islands are nature's chosen refuge for white
labor, though situated in the tropics. But a few years
ago that paper thought otherwise. When the Scandi- J
navians were induced to go there as contract laborers i
on the sugar plantations, the Chronicle said: "The j
same inducements are everywhere held out to the cmi- 1
grant, easy labor in a sunny island, where the wind
never blows rudely, where the sea breaks musically J
on palm-shaded shores; where every prospect pleases j
and only man is vile." The result was told by the j
Chronicle, taking a typical case of a strong young
man of twenty-two: "When he arrived he was set at
work at Hilo, a region where the rain falls nearly
every day. In a few months he was reduced from a .
strong youth of twenty-two, weighing two hundred \
pounds, to a condition of decrepitude that brought his j
weight down to one hundred pounds and his appear- j
ance to that of- a huge mummy." As for the North- j
men, the Chronicle said: "The hot climate enervates '
the hardy Scandinavian, and adds to his discontent j
and restlessness."
Yet that paper now speaks of Hawaii: "With a cli
mate to which the white man readily adapts himself, [
without inconvenience or menace to his health, these
beautiful islands of kindly welcome and perpetual j
spring present no obstacles to an easy and noiseless j
adjustment to our political system."
But if Hawaii were what the Chronicle said it was, j
what is to be said of the Philippines, where the Amer- j
ican from Maine or Florida would have to do his i
plowing under two feet of water with a mud buffalo, j
under a vertical sun that poisons every breath he J
draws and every drop he drinks?
Several Stanford students have been held as spies by
the authorities of Brazil. Some of these days the
suspicious inpudence of certain South American re
publics will be rewarded by a visitation of blood and
death which will herald the fact that the United States
is still on the map.
... .
The California Code Commissioners, after months
of laborious effort, have arrived at the conclusion that
the Penal Code is a book of errors. They could have
reached the same conclusion much earlier and easier
by taking a census of the uncaged criminals of the
State. /
Q CCORDING to reports given in British papers
ACCORDING to reports given British papers
of the results of experiments made with dum
* * dum bullets and other missiles of the kind, the
' controversy over their use in civilized warfare is pre
! mature. The tests have proven that such bullets of
the kind as have been submitted to the British Gov
j ernment at any rate are unavailable for use by reason
of danger to the users.
The object aimed at by the inventors is the con
struction of a bullet sufficiently small to be used in
i rapid-firing rifles, but of sufficient destructiveness to
render an enemy struck by one of them incapable of
further fighting.
The bullet used by the Springfield rifle of the pat
tern of 1873 was about half an inch in diameter and
; weighed 500 grains. When that bullet struck a bone
! the bone was shattered, and a man struck in any vital
part by it was too seriously wounded, if not killed out
: right, to do any further fighting for the rest of the
' campaign. To gain an increase of velocity and carry
; ing force and to enable the soldier to carry with him
a larger number of bullets, the missiles of recently
' devised rifles have been reduced in size until now that
of the Krag-Jorgensen rifle of 1893 has a caliber of but
.30 of an inch and weighs but 156 grains. It is
claimed that this bullet, while effective enough against
civilized men of a highly strung nervous organization,
is of little avail against savages.
To make the small missile as deadly as the big one
[ used to be, the dumdum and other bullets of the kind
were invented. They are small, but have at the end
of them a portion of lead which is uncased. The lead
' spreads when it strikes the body, and as a conse
: quence makes a big wound; and if it strikes a bone
I shatters it. It is therefore an expansive, but not an
I explosive, bullet, and according to its advocates is no
i more barbarous than the bullets used during the
American Civil War and throughout the world at that
period.
The opponents of the dumdum assert, however, that
tests prove the bullet to be worse than its inventors
designed it to be, and the recent experiments in Great
Britain appear to fully justify the assertion. The ex
periments were made first with a cartridge known to
the British War Office as "Mark IV." It was found
jto be utterly valueless. According to the Manchester
: Guardian, it splintered in the rifle and clogged the
' bore. The primers sometimes exploded backward.
It is conceded the dumdum is an improvement on
the ''Mark IV" cartridge, but even that is not wholly
satisfactory. Speaking of experiments made with it,
the Guardian says:
"Experiments were made with an ox, which proved
i that the bullet with its soft rounded tip invariably ex
pands during its passage through a body. It leaves
behind it bits of lead and fragments of its envelope,
and the 'hole of exit' measures from an inch to an inch
and a half in diameter with jagged edges. Muscles
; and tissues are torn and displaced, and the bones ex
' tensively splintered. For this precious missile we
have sacrificed our good name at home and abroad,
and it is humiliating to reflect that if in its improved
form it be abandoned now it will not be because it is
\an inhuman but because it is a dangerous bullet. The
lead that expands in a wound will also expand in a
riflef. .barrel and leave there some of the splinters which
Were intended for the enemy."
On such a showing it is clear the Mark IV will not
be favored by the firing line of any army. Improve
ments may make it safe after a time, but until such
improvements have been made the controversy over
the dumdum and the Mark IV will remain a purely
: academic discussion.
The easiest way to end Canada's grievance over the
: lack of an ocean port to the Klondike country would
jbe to take the Klondike from her, for then she
j wouldn't need a port.
THE DUMDUM BULLET.
GROWING ON HIM.
McKinley-Good Heavens! was it an elephant I bought or a mastodon?
(From Life).
ADA REHAN WILL STAR
With
Daly's Choicest Plays.
DALY'S Theater has passed into
the possession of Augustln Daly's
greatest rival, Charles Frohman.
The purchase includes the theater
on Broadway, its furnishings and
its general theatrical equipment.
It does not include the pictures, statuary
and other works of art which adorn the
lobbies, the green room and Mr. Daly's of
fice.
To Miss Ada Rehan at the same time
were sold the scenery, properties and
wardrobes of the six Shapespearian pro
ductions and three comedies. These com
prise the entire equipment of "Twelfth
Night," "Much Ado About Nothing.
"Taming of the Shrew." "As You Like
It," "A Midsummer Night's Dream and
"Henry IV." The last named was never
produced, but its costumes, armor and
jewels, for which it is said Mr. Daly paid
$20,000. are packed away at the theater.
Miss Rehan's choice of the comedies will
undoubtedly be "School for Scandal.' "A
Country Girl" and an unnamed and un
produced comedy by A. W. Plnero.
From these two sales the executors of
Mr. Daly's estate realized about 1100,000.
Under the will Miss Ada Rehan will get
20 per cent.
Under Daniel Frohman's management
Daly's will continue to be a producing
theater, conducted in the Interest of dra
matic art in its highest phases.
Miss Ada Rehan will now become an
independent star, acting at the head of
her own company in the plays in which
she won most of her fame.
The modern and recent dramatic ana
musical productions made by Mr. Daly
have been turned over to J. C. Duff, Mrs.
Daly's brother-in-law, to be disposed of.
It is generally conceded that Klaw & Er
langer will become the owners of them,
either for the firm or the theatrical syn
dicate, within a few days. The list in
cludes "The Great Ruby," "The Runa
way Girl, "The Circus Girl.' 'The
Geisha" and "The Greek Slave." It Is
known that Edwin Knowles has made a
bid for "The Great Ruby,* but it is not
likely that he will secure It. - •
The remainder of Mr. Daly's estate—
plays, • copyrights, contracts, prompt
books and rights to plays— will be re
tained by Mrs. Daly.
Two members of the Daly company
have said that they will not continue
in it. It is certain that Charles Froh
man will have his choice of the members,
and that this choice will include Mrs. Gil-
Mr. Frohman said ln speaking of the
change: . .
"The negotiations were opened ana
closed in an hour. My new purchase will
not change mv present plans and book
ings. Daniel Frohman will manage the
theater to suit himself. John Drew, will
not appear on Daly's stage."
* PRESS COMMENTS •
AN UNHAPPY PROSPECT.
In the sudden complication in Cuba aris
ing from the question of the surrender of
arms borne by the native troops who
fought for the independence of the island
there is a grave menace of conflict with
the United States Government unless a
firm wisdom prevails in the management
of the delicate problem.
Should a clash of arms result from this
deplorable condition the people of the
United States, while supporting measures
necessary to American control of the
island, will bitterly regret the short
sighted statesmanship responsible for
such a lamentable development. They
realize that the war in the Philippines
could have been averted by wise and con
siderate action on the part of the ad
ministration. They will contemplate with
sadness the necessity for a further sacri
fice of American lives in Cuba caused by
the same bungling methods which pre
cipitated war in the Far East.— Louis
Republic.
Hearst as a Politician.
Riverside Press.
Some interesting symptoms of Demo
cratic harmony are developing in San
Francisco. Little "Willie Hearst, proprie
tor of that freak newspaper, the Exam
iner is anxious to fill his father's shoes
as Senator from California. He has in
curred the hostility of the "blind boss,
Buckley, who opens up on him as follows
in an interview in The Call:
"The present proprietor of the Exam
iner came to me in the State Convention
of IS9O and wanted me to defeat the aspi
rations of Hon. Stephen M. White, who
was seeking the indorsement of that con
vention for United States Senator. This I
refused to do. He afterward, through an
agent, wanted me to secure for him a
franchise for the Electric Improvement
Company from the Board of Supervisors.
His agent offered to sell me 3000 shares of.
Electric Improvement Company stock at
?2 a share, stating that when the franchise
was granted it would be worth $75 a
shan». I leave it to the public what I
was to do with this stock. I informed his
agent that if he wanted to do business of
that kind he would have to do It himself,
as I was not engaged in it."
This is just a preliminary note or two
to show the range of Buckley's orchestra
tion, so- to sneak. If Hearst really gets
Into the fight the blind boss promises a
full chorus of music that will be extremely
pleasing— to the Republicans.
Still Climbing.
Windsor Herald.
It is with pleasure that we place the
San Francisco Daily Call on our ex
change list. The Daily Call, under its
present able management, has taken its
place in the front rank of Pacific Coast
journalism, and no mistake about it.
THE STATISTICIAN.
It is but justice to the editor of the Stat- i
istician and Economist to say that each !
year his work grows better, and the com- ]
pilation of facts he presents more inter
esting. The twentieth Issue is now being
delivered, and a hasty glance through it
shows that it fully sustains the reputa
tion of those that have gone before it. :
An index of twenty-two pages will be ;
found at the close of the volume, which
the busiest man or woman can find time
to master, within a compass of which are
recorded the latest achievements in nearly
all branches of industry. •to which the j
reader is referred for all principal facts j
contained in the issue. It contains over j
400 new and corrected pages, included in !
which will be found the Governors of i
States: members of the Fifty-fifth and
Fifty-sixth Congresses: Presidential elec
tion of 1896 by counties in each State of
the United States; also a condensed re
port of the elections held in each State and
Territory of the United States in 1898, to
gether with the Gubernatorial and Con
gressional election in California by coun
ties in 189S; acts of 'the Fifty-fifth Con
gress, etc. The work is published, as
, usual, by L. P. McCarty, 2524 Clay street.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
; J. J. Gilhuley, U. S. A., ls a guest at the j
i Occidental.
Dr. L. R. Ellis of Sonora is among the
| arrivals at the Grand.
Dr. J. B. Maroni of Louisville, Ky., is at j
: the Palace with his family.
Thomas W. Warren of Sydney, N. S. W.,
is registered at the Occidental.
Garrison Turner, a big wheat man of
Vacaville, is a guest at the Grand.
F. Keller, proprietor of the electric light
works at Selma, is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. J. L. Bond, one of the leading phy- j
sicians of Ukiah, is a guest at the Lick.
Robert Lloyd, U. S. A., is among the
army men who yesterday arrived at the ,
: Palace.
D. F. Garter, Chief of Police of New Or
-1 leans, is among the late arrivals at the
Palace.
John Thoman. a vineyardlst of St.
Helena, is at the Grand. He arrived last j
evening.
R. Robertson, proprietor of the Gilroy
Hot Springs, is among the late arrivals
; at the Lick. ' •
Ex-Senator Frank McGowan returned
'■■ last evening from an extended tour
, through Humboldt County.
"W. F. Holden, a prominent jeweler of
this city, has returned after an extended
\ business trip throughout the East. He is
at the Lick.
Ex-State Senator Robert Bulla has ar
i rived in the city from Los Angeles. He is
staying at the Grand.
M. H. Walker, the Salt Lake banker
; and capitalist, is at the Occidental, ac
companied by his wife.
W. S. Bangham has come down from i
; Sacramento on a short business trip and :
j Is registered at the Occidental.
A. A. Burke and wife of Ukiah are reg- j
1 istered at the Russ. Mr. Burke has just j
; returned from the Klondike, where he had
exceptionally good luck.
Henry Dubbis, an attorney of note from {
Bakersfield, is at the Russ, where he is :
Staying while attending to the legal busi- I
ness that brings him to this city.
George Nox McCain of the Philadelphia
Press is at the Palace. He arrived last
evening for the purpose of reporting the
| return of the Tenth Pennsylvania Volun-^
teers. The balance of the Philadelphia
contingent will arrive to-day.
G. E. Maguire. formerly general agent ''
of the Texas and Pacific, has accepted j
the responsible position of contracting !
freight agent for the Chicago, Milwaukee ;
and St. Paul lines. His many friends will I
be pleased to hear of the good luck that
has befallen their favorite.
-f4> $>> When the audl
<s> . ,—. ty ences who have I
AMUSEMENT been witnessing!
-Ti_iA-r c v r-, r-v the performances!
THAI t.NUhU of "Madame Sans
IV ppath' Gene" at the Cal
-1 liN UErtin, i if orn i a during the
__ A _ *? past week saw
*•"• ®* the noble-hearted
though gauche laundry girl kiss the j
wounded arm of her lover, Lafebvre, they -
, little thought that the wound her lips |
saluted was a real one; not one placed there
by paint brush and cosmetics, but one j
imprinted by the stern touch of a rifle ball
as a fitting makeup for the drama of war.
The Incident in the life of Harrington ■
Reynolds, Frawley's leading man, which '
gave him the wound that he now uses in
his impersonation of the character of La
febvre will bear telling; !
Mr. Reynolds com<f"7?f a family of Brit- i
ish soldiers. Two olfhls uncles died in the | >
Crimea. His father was several times
Wounded in the same campaign, his broth
er has just been invalided home with an
ankle and kneecap .shattered as the result ; '
of a little excursion he took recently with ! ;
General Kitchener, and Mr. Reynolds bears , j
the scars of no. less than three nasty i
wounds to remind him of the days when '
he was a captain in the Thirteenth Hus- :
Bars and went campaigning against the |
savage Kaffirs in South Africa,
The incident of the wound in the arm '■
is connected with the first attempt of Mr. '
Reynolds on the stage, and is as follows: i i
While in the African bush the officers were j
wont to divert themselves with private
theatricals when things grew dull. One
evening a play was to be presented called
"The Area Bells," and Reynolds and an
other young officer, named Ivatt.were cast
for the part of women because of their
youth. A stage had been rigged up in the
jungle and the costumes were provided by
the regimental tailor. ■:;•■;
The entertainment was progressing sat
isfactorily when it was interrupted by the
sound of heavy firing. The pickets came
hurrying in. firing as they retreated.
Boots and saddles were sounded, and the
"young ladies" of the piece had to mount
costumed as they were and go into a
charge wherein they lost eight officers
and ninety men out of a total number of
about 350 engaged. Reynolds came out of
the fight with his sword arm shattered
arid useless. The body of his companion,
ivatt, was found in the brush next day.'
It was literally hacked to pieces. The
character of a dashing soldier Is not en
tirely a new one to Mr. Reynolds.
»♦ « —
CAEIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Aug. I.— Mrs. F. G. Taylor
of San Francisco is at the Sturtevant.
George Steck of Los Angeles, P. Liebes
and J. W. Kelley of San Francisco are at
the Vendome. C. C. McDonald of San
Francisco is at the Normandle. Mrs. Ur
toya of Red Bank is at the Marlborough.
A. A. Echestrom of Los Angeles is at the
Gilsey. Mrs. A. W. Jackson, the Misses
Jackson and E. W. Newhall of San Fran
cisco are at the Holland.
« ♦ ■ — ,
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Aug. 1.-Frank A. Nes
bit of San Francisco is at the Raleigh •
William Groves of Los Angeles is at ' the
Johnson; J. H. Fox and wife of San Fran
cisco are at the Wellington.
Customs Receipts for July.
Customs Collector Jackson reports hav
ing received $563,472 43 from customs du
ties during the month of July. ™ ma - au "
MAY DETERMINE THE
ALASKAN BOUNDARY
MONUMENTS BELIEVED TO CON
TAIN POSITIVE BECOBDS.
John Zachert, a Mining Expert, Offers
Information That May Prove of
International Importance.
John Zachert. a mining expert, residing
at CSS Grove street, claims to possess in
formation which he believes . 11! have an
Important bearing on the Alaskan bound
ary dispute. Zachert declares that the
old Russian boundary is defined by monu
ments placed at short Intervals, and that
Inclosed In each Is a chart o^tbe^Busslan
possessions. He is of the belief that the
duplicates of the charts are on file at St.
Petersburg. Zachert says that an •*?**"
dition would have little trouble in finding
and following up this boundary line of
monuments, and that the charts would
prove of inestimable value in settling the
dispute •ween this country and Canada.
"Seventeen years ago, whiie prospecting
ln the southern part of Alaska." said Mr.
Zachert yesterday, "I happened to camp
in an unfrequented place -where, .to my
astonishment. I found a worn-out Russian
inscription carved on a rock. Being fa
miliar with the Russian language, I
learned from the inscription that in 1533
a Russian topographical expedition had
camped there. A few hundred feet from
that rock the Indians indicated to me a
monument and told me that the Russians
built it. Thinking that some valuable
documents were buried under it, I was
- about to dig them out,, but the Indians
1 prevented this. They thought that the
monument might cover a grave, and
I their superstition would not permit them
to delve into a man's last resting place.
"After that I came back to Sitka, inves
j tigated among the Kusslan3 the value of
f mv discover--, and found that the spot at
i which I had stopped was on the line of
i demarcation of the Russian possessions,
i and that the monument marked the place
' where documents defining that demarca
■■ tion were buried. I tried to Indue - Gov
'. ernor Morris, the collector of the Alaskan
customs, to investigate; but in those days
. it was not worth the trouble to bother
i about the Alaskan boundary. No action
. was ever taken.
"I believe that if an expedition were
i sent to the north it could without great
trouble find this line of demarcation. The
point at which I made my discovery was
. about thirty miles southwest from Ju
. neau. I have learned through the author
ity of Tichmanoff, who published two vol
umes constituting Government reports on
Alaska, that the Russian Government or
■ dered several copper boxes made to in
close the documents defining the boundary
in accordance with the treaty of 182 and
i that it was the intention "to bury these
boxes at intervals along the boundary,
preserving duplicates to be filed at St. Pe
tersburg. Probably twenty such records
are buried in the southwestern part of
Alaska. The letters found on the rock
i were four or five inches long and chiseled
; out. The monument was four feet high
i and built of slab stones. It was about
': 100 feet from the rock. It is probable there
: are other monuments at Prince of Wales
Island and Fort Wrangel.
"As I understand it. the boundary dis
i pute hinges on a difference of opinion as
j to where the crest of the mountain range
lis located. These records may determine
I where the Russians considered the crest
> of the mountains to lie."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
RETURNED SOLDIERS— C. M., City.
The Astor Battery returned to San Fran
cisco from the Philippines on the 13th of
last January.
RECORDING— T. W. C. Burlingame.
Cal. The laws of California uo not pre
scribe the time when a deed transfering
real estate shall be recorded.
THIRTY DAYS' NOTICE— H., City. In
the absence of any express agreement,
when a landlord desires a tenant to re
move because he desires to tear down the
premises and build anew he gives the ten
ant thirty days' notice to vacate.
ONE CENT PIECE— R. G. M., Oakland,
Cal. A one cent piece of 1827 is not one
for which a premium is paid. If you
will send a stamped and self-addressed
envelope the address of a coin dealer will
be sent you. Such are not advertised in
this department.
HAYING BOX— This department is
asked for information by a correspondent
about a "haying box" said to be used in
Copenhagen, "to heat food and keep it at
the same temperature for days, and even
weeks, as it was taken from a stove."
Can any of the readers of this department
enlighten the correspondent on this sub
ject? ■
REGENT QUEEN OF SPAIN— "W. C,
Manka, Cal. The full name of the Regent
Queen of Spain is Marie Christine Desiree
Henriette Fellcite Reniere. She is "the
daughter of the late Karl Ferdinand.
Archduke of Austria. She was born in
Gross-Selowitz, or Zidlochorice.in Austria,
July 21, 1858. was married in Madrid No
vember 29. 1879, to Alfonso XII, King of
Spain, became a widow November 25. 1885,
and was chosen Queen Regent until the
legal majority of Alfonso XIII. which he
will attain in 1901, when he becomes 16
years of age. "»»t
COCAO AND COCOANUTS— H. P. R.,
San Gregorio, Cal. Cocoa is a corruption
of cacao. The cacao, or chocolate tree,
produces the material from which the
chocolate of commerce is made. It is
known by the botanical name of Theo
broma Cacao, and is of the natural order
Byttneriaceoe. Its growth Is from sixteen
to forty feet in height and it produces a
fruit that is shaped like a cucumber from
six to eight Inches long, yellow and red
on the side next to the sun. The cocoanut
is the fruit of a species of palm known as
Cocoa Nucifera. The palm attains a height
of from sixty to a. hundred feet.
MARRIAGE— J. F. F., Los Angelea. If
a person was divorced in the State of
California and before the year after which
such person may again marry has expired
should go on a vessel outside of the three
mile limit and be married, such marriage,
under a decision rendered in this State,
would not be legal. If such a person
should go to Mexico, comply with
the laws of Mexico and marry there
within the year by a Presbyterian or
Methodist minister from the United States
such marriage would be legal, provided
the minister of either sect was recognized
and authorized by the laws of that coun
try to perform the ceremony.
MISTRESS— H. M., City. The word
mistress in speaking of a woman is one
that depends upon the sense in which it
Is applied as to whether it is offensive.
In familiar use the word has been con
tracted to missis or missus, a form re
farded as vulgar, except when written
Irs. and used as a title co-related to Mr.
Mistress is applied to a woman who i— is
authority or power of control, as over a
house or other persons; to a female head,
chief or director; to a woman who la
served by or has the ordering of others.
It is proper to address a married woman
as the mistress of the family, or to speak
of the mistress of a school. It is also a
title •of courtesy, nearly equivalent to
madam, formerly applied to any woman or
girl, but now specifically :to married
women, written or abbreviated and pro
nounced misez.
» » ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per rb at Townsend's. •
-.♦ . ■
Messrs. Nagle & Nagle, the well-known
attorneys at law, have removed to the
Emma Spreckeis building, 927 Market st. •
■ . ■ «> » 1
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Moni
gomtry street. Telephone Main 1042. •
— MM
Escape of Flesh and Urquhart.
Customs Inspectors Flesh and Urquhart
have, returned to their duties along the
water front. They had been working In
the Chinese bureau for more than a year
and go oat of it with clean reputations-^
an unusual phenomenon in the history of
the bureau. .>•;-- Try,, *
•»■■*■ ;•■
"Mrs. Winslow's ; Soothing Svrmi*
Has boon used for fifty year* by mllllona of
mothers for their 'children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, «,f tens
the Bums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic rem
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from taethlng op
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs
Winslow's Soothing Syrup, go a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO-Take" advantage
of the round trip ticket*. Now only 2*l
ateamahip. including fifteen *«>,• boa*? «
hotel; longer stay, $2 60 per day. Apply* 4
New Montgomery street. San FrancSciA ROYAL WELCOME
FOR CALIFORNIA BOYS
San Francisco's Streets Will Be Ablaze
With Lights From Electrical Arches.
Headquarters Will Be at Union Square, Where a
Bank Will Care for the Boys' Money— M. H.
De Young Heads Finance Committee.
Cjfy~> N Important meeting of the cltl-
II \\ zens' executive committees for the
— -A reception of returning United
_i \v, States volunteers was held yes
terday afternoon with Mayor
in the chair.
M. H. de Young was on motion placed
at the head of the finance committee, j
which has undertaken the raising of $50.- j
000 for the reception. The selection of Mr.
de Young Insures the complete success of \
the undertaking nnd the committee now
feels that his great knowledge and experi- |
ence in executive affairs will Berve it In |
good stead.
William J. Martin, who represents W.
F. Leake, was appointed a committee of !
one to receive estimates for an electrical i
display. This will Include two electrical :
arches to be erected on Market street. i
Mr. Martin will receive bids immediately '
at The Call offlce. It is his Intention .to
furnish something novel in the way of
arches. j
Secretary McPike was Instructed to j
ce-immunicate with the commanding officer
of the Sherman at Honolulu, should the j
transport stop there, and request him not
to make this port earlier than 1 o'clock
in the afternoon. This is done in order
that a splendid naval parade, full charge
of which has been assumed by the Harbor
Commissioners may he a success.
On motion of W. J. Martin it was or
dered that a cablegram be sent to the
commanding officer of the Sherman at
Nagasaki also embodying the same re
quest.
Estimates were received from Neville
&-. Co. for the erection of a large tent in
I'nion .are. which will be the head
quarters of the committee ar.d the return
ing soldiers. In this connection George
Maxwell was delegated to make' all neces
sary arrangements for the establishment
of a bank In the tent, where the soldiers
may deposit their funds. Mr. Maxwell
will exercise general supervision of the
bank md is empowered to employ an as
sistant at a salary not exceeding $100 a
month.
General Warfleld sent a communication
statins: that the Fifth Regiment of 44"i
men will come from interior points to as
e:si in tho reception;
After some discussion regarding a re- i
quest for half rates W. J. Martin moved j
that Secretary McPike be Instructed to |
communicate with the various railroad I
CALIFORNIA'S FIRST
GRAND RECEPTION
ROMAN CANDLES AND RED FIRE
FOR NIGHT PARADE.
Proposition as to the Juveniles Who
Will Be in Line — Committees of
the Relatives' Association.
At the headquarters of the Native Sons'
and Daughters' reception committee in
the California Hotel there was received
a letter yesterday from Captain C. R. Al
berg. commanding the military division
of the Columbia Park Boys' Club, offer
ing 'o parade the club with drum corps
and also offering to take charge of all
youths' organizations that may take posi
tion in line. His adjutant, Sidney Piex
otto of 318 Seventh street, will assist ln
the marshaling of the youngsters if the
captain is given the honor asked for. and
he will be. pleased to have any juvenile
organization communicate with him.
The St. Andrew's Society regretfully an
nounced that as a body it could not take
part the parade, but that the mem
bers individually would do all in their
pc>wer to make the parade a great suc
cess.
The invitation pent to the Grand Par
lor of the Native Daughters has been
forwarded to Grand President Cora B.
Sifford for action.
Those who are attending to the pro
posed night parade expect to have an old
time torchlight procession, with a grand
display of Roman candles and red, white
ana blue fire.
If the 3] Ip having the returning volun
teers on board should arrive in the night,
lt is proposed to burn signals agreed upon
on Russian Hill. Clay Street Hill, Tele
graph Hill, the Twin Peaks and at some
jie.int on Bernal Heights.
The minstrel show to-night in aid of
the reception fund promises to be a suc
cess, both from an artistic point and from
a financial one. The programme will be
one of the best that has ever been pre
sented in Native Sons" Hall by either
professionals or amateurs.
The following fiamed have been ap
pointed committees of the Parents' and
Relatives' Association that will be. given
the first opportunity to greet the return-
Ing soldiers and give them a breakfast,
those for staff and hospital corps and for
tach company being empowered to solicit
donations for the breakfast:
Executive Committee -C. W. Mooers,
chairman; Alexander L. Badt, secre
tary; Samuel Leszynsky, treasurer;
Mrs. V. Baird, Mrs. Charles Rehn,
Mrs. A. J. Cunningham, Albert Son, C.
R. Rockwitz, Z. T. Whitton, Q. E.
1 >et rick, J. R. Young.
Members of the following auxiliary
committees for each company are
authorized to collect funds to be ap
plied for the purposes of the assocla-
For Staff and Hospital Corps— Mrs.
Victor A. Duboce. Mrs. H. T. Sime.
Mrs "v J. Kelleher, Miss Tillle Stolt2
and Miss Halt!. B. Badt.
Company A— Mrs. Elizabeth and
Miss < harlotte Dusenbery, Mrs. A. J.
Cunningham, Mrs. M. Dunn, Mrs. S.
Burt and Miss M. Campbell.
Company B— Mrs. V. Baird, H. Proll,
F. E. Dinsmore, Mrs. L. B. Holcomb
and H. M. Jones.  „ . , 
Company Mrs. C. Goodale. Mrs.
A B Smith, Mrs. Dumbrell, Mrs. Nel
son and Miss Witzer.
Company D— Mrs. R. and Miss Myra
Delmaa Mrs. Gibson. Mrs. N. Graham
Diseases Cured
By Dr. McLaughlin's Method.
Electricity Is now acknowledged
-mj. t^_k by the brightest men in the world to
J_p_T_> jmjIKUl v£_jy-s_ he superior to all other treatments
jS-^r /&teJMk >^>_ in restoring vitality. Vitality is
jS'jtf Vi^tWlk health, or the basis of health, and
/&*r Il^^ll v*** • \ JOU must have it to remain free from
1 , v ** r^ v >* fc -^^ tSKr^S /~-* i J7 Lack nt vitality causes nervous-
>^S ■ -. '*V^- r*'. -' .> S ness, dyspepsia, indigestion, rheu-
■ «_.. * •**— * '* Zr matic pains, lumbago, kidney trou-
»-. 'xl- ~^j bles and general want of energy.
_ m _ 4 a__%\^ . ' l^^ >>7 ' Those who have such symptoms can
_%&____' ' _, —J» . '/_Mt____e> become healthy by renewing the c!' I'*__\_W__WJ_1 '*-
__\_W__WJ_ -*a ~ .^§?iP&^ trlcal force in the body.
P-^^^^^^B Twenty Years of Study.
y^y^y*"*^ -*** . y, y- 7 or twenty years I have been a stu-
dent of this subject, and have at last
mastered the application of elec trlcity so that with my Electric Belt a
patient may be cured while he sleeps. It pours a soothing vitality into
the body for hours at a time, re newing perfect health and strength. It
never fails. CAN YOU CALL AND LET ME EXPLAIN IT? IF NOT,
LET ME SEND YOU MY BOOK, describing it, free. Address
_ „-. . w » T 11* 702 M»rk»t St.. ear. Kearny. S. T. :
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, *z%»i*& lt fl,rittg " BeMßi
Offic. Hour*-* a.m. to 8:80 p.m.; Sunday.. 10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
companies, requesting that free trans
portation be given to the members of the
Fifth Regiment from that free trans
ition be given to the member-- of the
i Regiment from all points within
reasonable distance to and from San
Frnnclsco. The motion received the unan
imous sanction of the committee, and Sec
retary McPlke was so instructed.
The sum of $1:7 was appropriated for
the purchase of six flags to be
hoisted on Telegraph Hill, which is re
garded as .i most conspicuous position.
Manager William Leahy stated that all
the eaters will give benefits for 'the re
ception and that the sum of $6000 will be
realized therefrom. ■'■ ,
W. J. Martin called the attention of the
committee to the fact that the Orpheum
management had given free entertainment
to the returned volunteers who were In
imp, but that no provision had been
mode for the members of the Pennsylva
nia regiment who arrived last evening, or
for any other of the home-coming volun
teers, and suggested that it would be too
great an imposition upon the theatrical
managements to ask them to entertain
free of charge the thousands who would
arrive here in the near future. He also
felt that it would be showing too much
partiality if the rest of the boys were not
entertained fully as well as those who had
come in early: and on his motion Mr.
Leahy was instructed to get a special rate
from the different theaters for the enter
tainment of the returning volunteers.
It. Fahey was substituted for George
Rodgers, who is out of town, as the rep
resentative of the Woodmen of the World
on the committee. The committee
to solicit funds from the Are in
surance companies now consists of
Charles 1 1. Havens, vice W. J.
I Dutton, who is East: C. Mason Kinne,
1 Rolla V. Watt and Colonel Smedberg. A.
W. Barrett cannol serve .en the commit
tee on banks and Messrs. Altschul and
Lovell White were placed on the commit
tee.
M. B. Greensfeider, Sidney Van Wyck.
W. A. Wise and M. C. Hassett were added
to the general committee. C. Mason
Kinne. S. H. Daniels ar.d Colonel W. P.
Sullivan were appointed on the parade
committee. W. J. Martin was made chair
man of the decoration committee. He
will select his associates later. Colonel
Sullivan will confer with the banquet
committee of the Native Sons and report
to 'he. general committee.
H. F. Davis was appointed official sten
ographer of the committee at a salary of
$80 a month.
The committee will meet again this af
ternoon at 3 o'clock in Mayor Phelan's
private office in the Phelan building.
and Mrs. 11. L. Ryan.
Company E— M. Steele, Mrs. C. F.
McDermott, Mrs. Clack, Mrs. Straub
and Mrs. Murphy.
Company F— R. C. Rockwitz, J. A.
Ohlson, Mrs. Dell Flnnlgan, Mrs. Dee
ver and G. M. Morse.
Company G— Mrs. C. W. Sparrowe,
John Hansen. Miss Mooers, Mrs. S. M.
Smith. M. D. Levenson and Miss
Thompson.
Company H— Miss F.st' '.la McGinness,
Miss C. Miller, Mrs. McCune, Miss Bir
die Miller and Miss Sadie O'Connor.
Company I— Miss Albertson, Mrs. C.
A. Payson, J. C. O'Neil, Mrs. E. C.
Mathenson and Mrs. O. F. Huber.
Company K— J. R. Young, Mrs. A.
Bergman, Mrs. George Temple, Mrs. J.
Kemp and C. W. Seeley.
Company L— Mrs. S. Leszynsky, T. J.
Folev. Mrs. B. Grundman. Mrs. Burke,
I. Kraimer, Henry Leffman, A. E.
Cohn and Mrs. A. Kohn.
Company M— Miss Florence Lawton,
Mrs. Charles Rehn. Mrs. Z. T. Whit
ten, Mrs. R. Jones. Mrs. Seymour, Mrs.
J. W. Rear and Mrs. Meinhardt.
California Heavy Artillery— Mrs. H.
S. Morton, Mrs. J. P. Gray, Miss
Ethel Gray, Mrs. J. F. Joyner.
SPECIAL EXCURSION TO
HOTEL DEL MONTE, MONTEREY
AND PACIFIC GROVE.
Splendid Trains of First-Class
Coaches — Extremely Low
Rate of Fare.
The passenger department of the
Southern Pacific Company announce
that their great annual outing excur
sion to Monterey. Hotel del Monte and
Pacific Grove will take place on Sun
day, September 3.
This excursion to Monterey is one of
the important outing events of the
year, and great preparations are being
made by the people of Monterey to pre
sent attractions similar to those inau
gurated a year ago and which consist
ed of old-time Spanish sports, such as
lassoing' of wild steers, riding of buck
ing horses, mustang races, etc.
As heretofore, the Southern Pacific
Company will dispatch splendid trains
of first-class passenger coaches to ac
commodate the hundreds who will at
tend. Last year there were upward of
2000 people who went on the excursion
and it is expected that fully as many
if not more will go on the one Just an
nounced.
This excursion will be under the per
sonal supervision of Mr. William H.
Menton, excursion passenger agent of
the Southern Pacific, who will look af
ter the comfort of the passengers.
It will be arranged that special trains
for this excursion will leave the Third
and Townsend streets depot at 8 a. m.,
instead of 7:30, as heretofore. Return
ing, trains will leave Monterey at 4:45
p. m. These trains will be run through
without stops and there will be ample
accommodations for all who may de
sire to visit Monterey on this occasion.
An excursion rate of $2 has been de
cided upon for this outing, and in due
lime notice will be given when these
tickets will be on sale.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2, 1899.
COUNCIL FIRES
ARE KINDLED IN
THE BIG WIGWAM
Visit of Great Chief
T. G. Harrison.
— . .
IS GIVEN A GOLD TOMAHAWK
— • —
REPRESENTATIVES FROM THE
SEVERAL TRIBES.
♦ ■
The Degree of Pocahontas Chiefs Meet
to Legislate for the Various
Councils of the Reser
vation.
The council fire was kindled at 10:30
o'clock yesterday morning ln the great
council hall in the Red Men's wigwam, at
320 Post street, in the presence of all the |
great chiefs and representatives to the
Great Council, Great Sachem George W. |
Collins presiding.
The committee on credentials having I
presented its report, the following were
accorded seats under the rules of the or
der:
Great Chiefs— Great Sachem George W.
Collins, Great Senior Sagamore E. B.
Wilson, Great Junior Sagamore F. D.
Brandon, Great Prophet F. A. Whipple,
Great Chief of Records C. F. Burgman,
Great Keeper of Wampum William J.
Smith, Great Representatives to G. C. U.
S. Josiah Sims, F. A. Whipple, George W.
Lovie and C. F. Burgman; Great Sannap
P. 1.. Bliss, Great Mishinewa L. C. Ber
tln. Great Guard of the Wigwam P. S. Sev
moul., Great Guard of Forest S. L. Rich
ards, Past Great Sachems D. Louderback,
Benjamin F. Josselyn, Grove L. Johnson,
G. B. Katzenstein, Henry A. Chase, J. A.
Filcher, Charles E. Spencer, William M.
Betts. A. Andrews, H. S. Winn, B. L. Mc-
Donald, James G. Smith, John J. Buck
lev, George H. Buck, J. P. Counts, Fred
erick Brandt. George W. Lowe, S. Gum
binner, O. F. Seavey, A. Jackson, Josiah
Sims, F. A. Whipple. C. F. Burgman and
William J. Smith; Great Trustees William
Rotrosky, Henry A. Chase and Benjamin
F. Josselyn.
REPRESENTATIVES.
Manzanita Tribe No. 4 — William J.
Smith. James Boyes. R. Horber. Henry A.
Chase, L. A. Grade. _
Miantonomah Tribe No. William Ro
trosky, M. Leisen, A. Rudolph, John Jes
sen.
Pohonachee Tribe No. 10— M. L. Wheel
er, F. Pederson. Alf Jones, F. Luderman,
W. T. Follett, William Nuttall.
Pocahontas Tribe No. 11— Andrews,
F. D. Brandon, T. W. Butcher, Edward
Connolly, T. M. Searey. „,_ , ,
Sotovome Tribe No. 12— Charles Fowler,
H. J. Goller, S. H. Wilcox, W. J. Larsen,
J. H. Josselyn, F. J. Horn.
Cosumnes Tribe No. 14— E. B. Wilson, J.
W. Crone, C. A. Dake, M. D. Coon, N.
Savage. _ _ _ _ _
Samoset Tribe No. 22— F. Sprague, E.
R M Derrick, A. Anderson, F. Blanco, S.
H. Downs, J. H. Smith.
Metamora Tribe No. Geo. W. Lovie.
W. C. Harvey, F. M. Granger, George
West, A. Sahlberg, E. Thompson.
Red Jacket Tribe No. 28— S. S. McDon
ald, John Domingos, A. Dunbar, W. B. De
Costa, K. Herold. W. G. Schmelser, J. C.
White. '.■ _ _ . _. , _
Oneida Tribe No. 21 —J. A. Rule. J.
Johnson, E. D. Peters.
Weimer Tribe No. 34— J. W. Eastus,
Thomas Hodge, William J. Michell, S. L.
Richards, J. W. Tyrrell. _,_.__ _
Iroquois Tribe No. 35— E. H. Pierce, F.
A. Ruhl. H. Rohrbacher, J. Tons, S. A.
Lovelace, J. A. Seller.
Red Cloud Tribe No. 41— A. C. Clenk. W.
Laing, F. W. Hartman, George W. Whit-
Wyoming Tribe No. 49— Josiah Sims,
Henry Odgers, W. W. Waggoner, W. E.
Rue.
leka Tribe No. 53— A. E. Paine. E. H.
Scofleld, A. H. Burrows.
Seminole Tribe No. 64— L.. C. Bertln. J.
Aries, P. Bellegarde, J. Conden, J. Go
deau, J. B. Pons, A. Laplace.
Miami Tribe No. 55— F. Seavey. Rob
ert Waugh. Mark Devlin, A. 8. Waldo.
Otonkah Tribe No. 56— D. W. Crow, M.
H. Davis, Thomas Oliver, R. A. Stratton.
Modoc Tribe No. 57— H. Colver, P. L.
Bliss, U. A. Lewis, H. J. Hoey. G. Matt
son, H. Gutstadt. .
Santana Tribe No. 60— George Golden,
T. J. O'Connor, F. A. Whipple, S. S. H.
Puck. J. F. Whipple.
Winnemueca Tribe No. 61— L. I_. Remy,
C. H. Tilt. H. L. Stacey, Alexander
Dawson, Gus Darius.
Tecurr.seh Tribe No. 62— A. Kaighln,
F. Lopizich, M. Marcovich, E. F. Arrioia.
Pawnee Tribe No. 67— J. W. Rew. W. J.
Robinson, J. W. Buttery, William Keegan.
Osceola Tribe No. 71— H. J. Phillips, __•;
B. Swan, P. S. Seymour. J. S. Colby, S.
Goldman, F. L. Cook, I. Schwartz.
White Eagle Tribe No. 72— A. Hausman,
L. J. Gannon, J. H. Rippe, H. Trueb, P.
C. Blick.
Bald Eagle Tribe No. 75— M. Henry, M.
J. Magulre, Thomas Roche, S. Rothberg,
C. W. Brown, W. J. Nodder.
Arapahoe Tribe No. 76— James Jordan,
Richard Nugent, J. Fowzer, G. Bossert,
J. A. Delaney.
Montezuma Tribe No. 77— H. Bodle,
Thomas F. Butler. J. A. Ellert, George S.
Graham, H. D. Hutt, C. A. Reynolds.
Oshonee Tribe No. 78— Berel. M.
Bloom, G. A. Trautner. W. B. Servant.
Charles Horn, G. Mosbacher, M. Kramer.
Comanche Tribe No. 79— William J.
Keating, Ph. Barbin, A. Goess, M. J.
Show.
Cocopah Tribe No. SI— J. G. Hacker, W.
Wood, P. H. McNerney.
Shawnee Tribe No. 83— E. R. Suavely,
E. L. Clark, Frank Dietz.
Ah-Wah-Nee Tribe No. 86— F. Orra, Ph.
Blake, F. Mason, L. B. Blake.
Altahmos Tribe No. 87— T. J. Glynn, W.
J. Lyon, A. A. Smith, A. L. Holder, H.
Hawken, J. H. Hutaff.
Mono Tribe No. SS— C. S. Davis, W. T.
Brings, J. J. O'Hare.
Ahwashte Tribe No. 89— H. Sellers. T.
H. Wagstaft, Henry Gleeson, J. F. O'Con-
nor.
Pohono Tribe No. 93— F. W. Matteson, F.
W. Farnsworth, L. Armbrust, 11. M.
Alexander.
Winnebago Tribe No. 94— E. Gandy,
H. J. Winters, W. H. Collins.
Tuolumne Tribe No. 96— A. H. Hayes, W.
G. Herman, I. N. Laughlin, E. L. Martin.
Mayacamas Tribe No. 97— Charles E.
Garner, Samuel McCurdy.
Carquinez Tribe No. 98— C. Anderson,
C. L. Hedemark, Theo Moiles.
The representatives from Delaware
Tribe No. 48, Siskiyou Tribe No. 91, Ottit
tlewa Tribe No. 92 and Shasta Tribe No.
95 will not report until this morning.
Past Sachem F. B. Swan gave a short
talk of welcome and then introduced
Thomas G. Harrison of Indianapolis, Ind.,
great junior sagamore of the Great Coun
cil of "the United States and great chief of
records of the Great Council of the State
of Indiana, who in a short talk expressed
himself exceedingly pleased with the
hearty reception accorded him. This was
followed by the presentation to the dis
tinguished visitor of a beautiful gold tom
ahawk as a souvenir of his visit to Cali
fornia.
The degree of past sachem was con
ferred in due form upon thirty-nine«mem
bers of the order who had earned the
same. ; <__
At the afternoon session there were pre
sented the reports of the great sachem,
great chief of records, great keeper of
wampum and great trustees, and these
were referred to appropriate committees
to report on the same to-day, when they
will be acted upon. 7 : 7. - ,
To-day there will be the election of the
great chiefs for the ensuing sun, at which
time there will be a great contest for the
office of great chief of records, as the
incumbent. Charles F. Burgman. retires
to enable him to settle in the reservation
of Florida, where he will make his future
home. There are not less than six candi
dates for the position.
Degree of Pocahontas.
The Great Council of the Degree of Po
cahontas of the Improved Order of Red
Men was opened yesterday in one of the
halls of the Red Men's wigwam- by Mrs.
Hattie A. Whipple, the great Pocahon
tas, and all the great chiefs were pres
ent except the great Minnehaha, Louisa
Bean. The other great chiefs who were
present were: Annie E. Bishop, great
wenonah; Mrs. E. J. Brazile, great keep
er of records; Mrs. A. E. Gill, great
keeper of wampum, and Fannie M. Lovie,
great prophetess. The representatives
from the several councils were:
Pocahontas Council— Agnes McMahon,
Lizzie Atwood, Jennie Weisel. O. F.
Gould, Sarah Hagan and F. Anderson.
Matoka Council— Kate Benham, Kate
Cunningham, Louise Berry, G. Brossert i
and A. J. Phillips.
Yosemite Council— Mlna E. Reer, Nellie I
E. Davis, Kittie La Fou, Fannie M.
Lovie.
Hiawatha Council — Frankie Keath,
Phebe Brown, Clara Hunter, Annie Ellis,
Ella Snooks.
lona Council— A. E. Paine, M. L, Sco
field, M. R. Hearn.
Minnehaha Council— Sarah Williams.
Wenonah Council — Lizzie Keunistzer,
Annie Gill, Kate Wilson, Nora Klenk,
Bertha Brazile, Emma Cronkite, Lizzie
Gordon, Laura Vise.
I'onewah Council— Cella Britland, An
nie Browning.
Ceantha Council— J. Thomas, Bell
Morgan, Ella Twltchell, J. Brockington,
M. Marwick. Minnie Williams, E. Brock
ington, M. Payne.
Alfarata Council— M. McKenna, H.
Dlercks. M. Betts, A. Gobelle, H. James,
Nettie Libbing.
Minnewawa Council— Vf. J. Keating, M.
H. Keating.
Cherokee Council— Nellie Hulburt, Mag
gie Ever ell, Mattie Whitney, Florence
Coplen.
Wawona Council— Cynthia Scott, Fran
ces Baker, William Herman, Andrew
Hayes.
Kah-Wan-Nita Council— A. Keane,
N. Masters, G. Mosher. H. A. Schuepp,
S. Semins, A. J. Mohbray, J. A. Mertz.
The reports of the great chiefs were
read and referred to the committee on
distribution. These showed that during
the past great sun two councils — Minne
haha and Wyoming— were reinstated, and
that there had been a gain In finance and
a net gain of 316 in membership.
The afternoon, as well as the morning
session, was taken up with preliminary
business and the introduction of amend
ments to the constitution, which were re
ferred. An effort will be made to obtain
a great charter for the State of Califor
nia, to enable the councils to have direct
legislation.
To-day there will be held the election
for great chiefs, and In the evening there
will be a competitive drill in the assem
ble- hall of the wigwam by teams from
Alfarata, Pocahontas and Yosemite coun
cils.
THE DEMOCRATS.
Clubs Belonging to the Various
Factions Select Delegates.
The Thirty-third District Democratic
Club held a tumultuous meeting last night
at Maennerbund Hall. A great crowd of
Raineyites came over from Butchertown
and so augmented the Fire Department
• force at the hall that the club indorsed
the Rainey - Examiner League ticket.
Senator Dwyer presided at the meeting
of the club. Each of the twenty-one
programmed nominees for delegates put
up 11. A protest was uttered against the
indorsement of the programme on the
ground that two of the men on the slate
were Republicans and wore Gage buttons
in the campaign last year. The protest
was smothered in an uproar of remon
strance. _ , _. -7 . _
The Thirty-ninth Assembly District
Democratic League met last night at
Turner Hall on Turk street and recom
mended delegates to the Democratic Mu
nicipal Convention. There was a large
attendance and addresses were made by
Judge Robert Ferral. Edward J. Hill and
M. Schwartz. Thirty new members signed
the roll. . _
The Democratic Club of the Forty
fourth Assembly District held a rousing
meeting last night at its quarters at
Washington-square Hall and selected its
ticket fdr the coming primaries. The men
selected are business or professional men
of the North Beach district, and many of
them were on hand to speak. They all
argued for harmony In the party and said
that nothing but hard work would win the
coming battle. . 17,-'Y"7'7 : C_
The Forty-lifth Assembly District Dem
ocratic Club did not complete its list of
delegates at its meeting last night, but
will on Friday. The meeting was enthu
siastic and several good speakers were
heard. All of them argued for harmony
and hard work at the coming primaries.
The United Democrats of the Forty
third Assembly District met at the Cali
fornia Hotel last night and decided to
hold two mass-meetings in the district
before the primary election.
The New Charter Democratic Club of
the Forty-fourth District nominated the
following delegates at its meeting last
night: Christopher Heinz, James Foley,
Dr. Harold Yon der Lelth. G. Ertola, Jean
P. Dulip, Francis M. Syme, Peter Lowry.
William Neuwald, Joseph Schweitzer, Eu
gene J. Sullivan, James M. Campodonico.
Abraham Glassman, Dr. L. D. Bacigalupl,
George A. Orr, A. A. Cavagnaro.
At a meeting of the Thirty-fifth Dis
trict Club the following delegates were
nominated: John Nicholson, F. T. Doyle,
John Craiffe, N. Wynne, J. Downing, H.
Elliott, C. F. Selfert, P. J. Murphy, A. J.
Hlnz, O. J. McGrath, J. Dreyfuss, F. O.
Byrne. The delegates stated that they
are unhampered by pledges to any of the
bosses.
Teutonia Hall, on Howard street, last
night contained the remnants of the An
drew Jackson Democrats. M. Donohoe
had the honor of presiding, while Thomas
McNaboe kept the roll of membership.
Speeches were made by John J. Barrett,
Henry Hogan, Joseph A. Foley, Professor
McMahon and John Murphy. A resolution
of considerable length was Introduced and
adopted, extolling the good and virtuous
Democrats now in office, as also those
who expect to get into offlce some time be
fore they jlie.
The executive committee of the Com
mittee of One Hundred is making Active
preparations for the holding of a mass
meeting in Metropolitan Temple on
Friday night. It is the purpose of the
movers In the matter to gather together
the members of the various Democratic
Assembly District clubs and with the aid
of James G. Phelan. Supervisors Bying
ton and Deasy and other well-known
Democrats, enlighten them as to their
duties in the coming convention and cam
paign ' and on the principles of De
mocracy. .. ;?..
* ♦ '
"Cars stop here." this Is the slpi
The Market-st. Railway wish to define.
Pegamoid Aluminum does it for them;
Opposite "CaU Bid*." 'tis a gem. «- .
REPUBLICANS
ARE DEMANDING
THE BEST MEN
Democrats Take Any
body to Win.
— +—
A REVIEW OF THE CAMPAIGN
— ♦ —
CONTEST BETWEEN BUCKLEY
AND RAINEY.
»
Delegates to th* Republican Central
Advisory Club Meet To-Night
to Effect Permanent
Organization. -
The work of getting ready for the
primary election on August 8 Is going
forward in each Assembly district.* Re
publicans are making special effort to
get the leading citizens of the party
interested in the campaign to the ex
tent of serving as delegates in the
municipal nominating convention.
The organized and active efforts of
the City Republican League have add
ed largely to the enrolled Republican
strength, and induced many Republi
can voters of the "stay-at-home" per
suasion to give a little time to the con
sideration of municipal politics. The
leaders of the league say that their
organization is perfect in every district,
but they do not readily find men of the
right type who are willing to be put on
the ticket for delegates. For one rea
son or another prominent business
men who are willing to contribute
money to the cause ask to be excused
from service in* the nominating con
vention. Pressing business demands
and lack of time are generally submit
ted as the reasons for declining con
vention honors and responsibilities.
The officers of clubs organized under
the auspices of the Republican County
Committee are strenuously endeavoring
to bring out the best class of men
to be placed on the delegate tickets.
They also find that leading taxpayers
and merchants put up excuses and
figure that they cannot give the time
required to serve the people in the con
vention. There is no trouble in finding
men who are ready and willing to go
to the convention, but the chief diffi
culty is to find men willing who will
give character and prestige to the nom
inating body.
There does not appear to be any par
ticular pressure on the Democratic
party to bring forward representative
men as delegates. The main point in
each Assembly district is to make up
a ticket that will command the support
of "the push." So far comparatively
few Democrats of prominence and in
fluence have been named. Rounders
and job-chasers who have a popular
acquaintance at saloons ana know
everybody "along the line" are in de
mand for service in the convention.
Leaders of various factions dare not
turn down the popular fellows for fear
of losing the fight in hotly contested
districts. -
The Rainey-Examiner League is
making a bold ! effort to capture the
Democratic convention. The sugges
tion emanating from the league that
Jeremiah F. Sullivan should be ap
pointed to arbitrate disputes in the
several districts was at first accepted
by the leaders of the Democratic exec
utive committee of the Committee* of
One Hundred as an evidence that
Rainey had weakened and thrown up
his hands.
Reflection and investigation have
convinced the followers of Jasper Mc-
Donald and Gavin McNab that the
Rainey-Examiner League is playing a
foxy game in order to win a few dele
gates by arbitration. It is quite well
known that arbitration will not be in
voked in districts where the forces
rallying around the Fire Department
are strong enough to ride roughshod
over the opposition. The programme
of the league is to elect as many dele
gates as possible, then claim all the
doubtful, and finally, through the Ex
aminer, force the weak and wavering of
the elect into the Rainey camp.
The notion that Mayor Phelan is In
some way tied up to the Examiner is
all that restrains many of the Demo
cratic clubs attached to the Committee
of One Hundred from coming out open
ly and repudiating the paper. Jasper
McDonald and Gavin McNab have
been obliged to employ fine persuasion
and tactics of conciliation to prevent
clubs from adopting resolutions con
demning the course of the Rainey or
gan.
The Republicans throughout the
city are giving Crimmins and Kelly,
the so-called Republican bosses, a cold
shoulder. The boss influence in the
party is so light that one bartender can
do all the work at Phil Crimmins* sa
loon. The Mexican boss has not shown
his hand openly in this municipal con
test. The heelers and touts, who clus
tered around his headquarters in Sac
ramento last winter, are scattered.
The most of them may be found doing
Democratic politics with either Boss
Buckley or Boss Rainey.
At a meeting of the regular Repub
lican clubs held in the various Assem
bly districts of San Francisco last Fri
day night flve delegates were elected
from each club to constitute an ad
visory board for the government of the
Republican party of this city. The
ninety members chosen by the eighteen
organizations will meet to-night in
Western Hall, Shiels building. 32 O'Far
rell street, for the purpose of effecting
permanent organization.
The duty devolving on the advisory
board is to bring about a degree of
harmony in the various Assembly dis
tricts, so that but one ticket is present
ed to the voters at the primary elec
tion on Tuesday next. Until the com
mittee meets to-night and considers the
various disputes now pending in the
different Assembly districts, no ticket
can be presented. In fact the Repub
lican County Committee is patiently
waiting the report of the advisory
board, as it expects through the lat
ter agency to bring about harmony in
the party and the smoothing over of
factional differences.
According to a prominent member of
the county committee the plan to be
carried out at to-night's meeting will
be to choose a prominent member from
each Assembly district, and the eigh
teen so chosen will act in the capacity
of an arbitration committee. It is ex
pected that through this course all dif
ferences may be appeased and but one
ticket will be presented for the suf
frages of the Republican voters on the
Bth of August.
The members of the Central Republi
can Club were in session until long af
ter midnight last night trying to set
tle the differences in the Thirty-sev
enth Assembly District. For two hours
the vexing problem was discussed be
hind closed doors, and during that pe
riod a representation from the district
in controversy was invited in and
through its spokesman stated Its case.
The differences were at last diplomati
cally settled and the members retired
to their homes for much-needed rest.
Z. "U. Dodge stated that but two clubs
were to be heard from and in all prob
ability they will submit the names of
their delegates to-day and the club will
be in a position on Tuesday to give
a complete list of the delegates to be
voted for in the various districts in the
primary election.
At meetings of Republican clubs of each
Assembly district of this city, held last
Friday, live delegates were elected by
each club to constitute a central organi
zation for the government of the party of
this city. The delegates so elected will
meet to-nglht in Western Hall, Shlels
building, a O'Farrell street, for the pur
pose of effecting a permanent organiza
tion.
THE REPUBLICANS.
Office Holders Barred— Unit
Rule Recommended.
The regular Republican Club of th*
Thirty-sixth Assembly District last r.ight
adopted a resolution pledging the dele
gates of the club to a unit rule in the
convention. The club adjourned to meet
this evening and select delegates to be
voted for at the primary election.
At a meeting of the executive commit
tee of the Thirty-eighth District Repub
lican Club, held at the Republican Wig
wam, 1032 Golden Gate avenue, last even
ing, the following resolution was unani
mously adopted:
"Resolved, Thai no person holding a
Federal. St.rt-> or municipal position, or
connected in any way with the Re
publican organization, either as a State
Central or County committeeman, shall
be eligible as a delegate to the forthcom
ing municipal convention."
The committee, consisting of one repre
sentative from each of the eighteen pre
cincts of the district, organized by elect
ing S. Schwartz chairman and C, M.
Hackmeier secretary, and decided that as
the district was entitled to twenty-two
delegates they would recommend to i!.»
club as delegates a representative citizen
from each precinct and four at large.
A committee, consisting of W. A. S.
Nicholson. Julius Colmann, C. C. Mc-
Carthy, R. \V. Roberts. J. R. Morrison
and Ira B. Dalziel, was appointed by tha
chairman to canvass the district for the
best men to select as delegates at large,
and each individual committeeman was
instructed to canvass his precinct and
present the names at the next meeting of
the committee.
The Prohibition Party.
The Prohibition party has entered the
j political field for the campaign. At Trin
! ity Methodist Church last night Rev. J.
| V,'. Webb or' Fresno discoursed to a fair
j audience on the issues of the campaign
! and the duties of the believers in temper
j ance.
A QUEER VERDICT.
It Will, However, Be Pleasing to the
Relatives of the Dead Man.
Coroner Hill held aVi inquest yesterday
morning upon the body of Thomas Lapsley
and, guided by the report of Autopsy Sur
j geon Zabala, the jury returned a verdict
that the death of Lapsley was due to nat
ural causes. The contents of the stomach
were not analyzed, as Is customary in
crises of suspected poisoning, and there
was nothing else for the jury to do than
to return the verdict of natural causes,
which ls pleasing to the relatives .of the
dead.
The facts of the case were that an hour
or so before Lapsley was seen last lie
told the daughter of Mrs. Kennedy, his
landlady, that he was going to kill him
! self. He also left a note indicating that
i such was his purpose. When the Coro
| ner's deputies arrived to take charge of
the body the poison had disappeared.
Dr. Zabala reported that congestion of
j the kidneys, arising from the abuse of in
toxicating liquors, was the cause of death.
Codlin Moth in Pears.
SEATTLE. Aug. I.— A shipment of sixty
boxes of pears from Sacramento was
seized by Fruit Inspector Brown to-day.
Brown said they were infested with codlin
: moth.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
MENLO PARK, SAN MATEO COUNTY. CAJU.
is rebuilding with all modern Improvements.
' Will be thoroughly equipped and begin Its
ninth year August 15th. Beautiful surround-
■ Ings, home Influences. Offers superior advan-
; tages for the care .and thorough training V
boys. Accredited at the universities.
IRA O. HOITT. Ph. D.. Principal.
ST, MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO. CAL.— FOUNDED A. D. 186«,
by the late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer, D.D.
For catalogue and Illustrated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER, A. 8..
Rector and Head Master.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
SAN JOSE. CALIFORNIA
Will resume studies on WEDNESDAY, August
2, 1899.
UNIVERSITY ACADEMY,
ALAMEDA.
A SELECT SCHOOL FOR BOYS.
Next term begins on TUESDAY, August 8.
W. W. ANDERSON, Principal.
ST, MARY'S COLLEGE.
STUDIES WILL BE RESUMED AT ST.
Mary's College Tuesday. Aug. 1. at 10 a. m.
TRINITY SCHOOL,
QQAA WASHINGTON ST. OPENS AUG.
tJ&VJIJ 7th. Prepares for college and uni-
I versity, twenty-second year; corps of 11 pro-
I fessors.- Accredited with the University. For
i catalogue of information apply to
DR. E. B. SPALDING. Rector.
i Bamin School and Van Ness Seminary,
; IQACk JACKSON, COR. GOUGH ST., S. F.
IO^V Boarding and " >* school tor girls, j
i Accredited by the University of California.
j Opens August 14. 1999. Send for prospectus.
! SARAH P. HAMLIN. Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day school for young
ladles. 2126 California St.. San Francisco. Will
reopen August 7. Accredited to universities.
\ Seminary and full conservatory music. Pri-
mary department for children. Carriage will
call. REV. EDWARD B CHURCH. A. M.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY— Grants
diplomas and confers degrees. Rare oppor-
tunities offered in music, art and elocution.
One hour from San Francisco. Write for
catalogue to MRS. C. T. MILLS, President.
Mills College Postofflce, Alameda County,
Cal. Thirty-third year. ' Fall term opens Au-
gust 2, 1899.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin. ' Journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected: 15 instructors: degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' b'.e'.g, S. F.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renu- ated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. EOc to $1 BU day;
j to to J8 week; $8 to $33 month Free baths; hot
; and cold water every room; fire grates in every
room; elevator runs all night.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
/
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EA'ENING!
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-MORROW. THURSDAY^ AMATEUR NIOHT,
FAT LADIES' BICYCLE RACE!
Reserved Seats by Phone, Steiner 185 L
SATURDAY NIGHT— CAKE WALK!
Rattle ■■■■*■•■■■■
•■-> d *» •>"» w These who were there
a say the Panorama Is a
£-\_r correct representation.
%Js\ Lectures by Prof W.
__. O. ROLLINS after-
/l/l _r_ •<» Jin coons and evenings.
XYlcirillct -Market st.. nr. Eighth.
Admission. COc.
1? _*-_._.? Children. 2Se.
ts&yl mm ■ — ■
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN. sc.
Battling, Including admission, 25c. Children, 20c.
. AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THOUSANDS TURNED AWAY LAST NIGHT.
THE BEST PART YET FLAYED BY
MISS BLANCHE BATES
Supported by the Excellent Company
Presented by T. DANIEL FRAWLEY.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:15
[SPECIAL MATINEE j
ONE OF OUR GIRLS.
Only Two More Performances of This Delight-
ful Comedy Drama,
! ...TAKE NOTICE... j
eiiliww— Mleeailll ren I 1111H — rl IMI 1 1 I I 1 1
To Accommodate the Thousands Who Were
Unable to Secure Beats to See the Mag-
nificent Production Given by This
Organization of
"MADrtME SANSGENE"
Four More Performances Will Be Oiven. Com-
mencing With FRIDAY NIGHT and Con-
tinuing Until SUNDAY NIGHT.
MATINEE ON SATURDAY AT 2:16 OF
"MfIDA/VIE SAINS GENE."
Commencing With Monday Evening. August T,
Fir?. Product!" on Any Stage of Mr.
Clinton Stuart's Fantastic Com-
edy. Entitled
"THE FAIRY GODMOTHER."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
HENRY MILLER
-SEASON.
MATINEE TO-DAY - - - TO-NIGHT !
POSITIVELY LAST TIMES.
M EARTSEASE.
BEGINNING THURSDAY,
3 NIGHTS and SATURDAY MATINEE ONLY
CHARLES FROHMAN'S II _ HI PT
SECOND GREAT H A _U_ 1 t" I
SHAKESPEAREAN ilHlllLLll
REVIVAL.
HENRY MILLER AS HAMLET.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
Next Monday— "BROTHER OFFICERS."
i MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), AUG. 8.
Parquet, 25c. Any Seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
-1 dren, le*c,' Any Part.
1 21— EUROPEAN AND AMERICAN STARS— 2I
IDALENE COTTON and NICK LONG,
In the Original Protean Comedietta, "Man-
agerial Troubles."
, JOSEPH ADELMAN.
.DAVE MEIER.
HERR YON PALM.
LAURA JOYCE BELL AND CO.
LA FALFALLA. _
ELIZABETH MURRAY.
PHOITES PANTOMIME. THE ELDRIDGES.
Coming Next Week— Mile. Alexandra Dag-
mar, the Famous Russian Singer and Stage
Beauty. ; __________
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
ENORMOUS SUCCESS OF THE
GRAND OPERA SEASON!
EVERY SEAT SOLD LAST NIGHT!
TO-NIGHT.
Superb Rendition of Verdi's Great Opera,
..."AIDA"...
"Aida" Repeated on Friday and Saturday
Evenings.
TO-MORROW EVENING,
..."LUCIA"...
"Lucia" Repeated on Sunday Evening and
Saturday Matinee.
A GREAT CAST OF FAMOUS LYRIC
ARTISTS IN EACH OPERA.
Brilliant Costumes and Scenery.
Enlarged Orchestra and Chorus.
POPULAR PRICES— 2S and 50 CENTS.
Telephone for Seats. Bush 9. ; '•
| ALCAZAR™
AN ARTISTIC AND FINANCIAL HIT.
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY
In a Gorgeous Presentation of
ROMEO
AND
JULIET.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
OUR PRICES Ax, 25c, 35c, 535.
Next Week— "THE LADY OF LYONS."
GRAND OPERA HOUSB
TELEPHONE— MAIN 532.
THE HIT OF THE SEASON!
THE FUNNIEST SHOW IN THE CITY!
! "BOCCACCIO!"
Sf j" That Chorus!
Lb That New Mar: h!
83 La Those New People !
Orchestra ..35c and I Family Circle 15c
Dress Circle 25c|Gallery 10c
Best Reserved Seat for the Saturday Mat...
Branch Box Offlce— Main Entrance of the
Emporium.
OLYMPIA.
Eddy St.. Cor. ,Mn«oi.
Only High-Class Free Vaudeville Show In the
' City.
Great Operatic Feature,
CHANDLER and McPHERSON,
Famous Duetists.
MINONA,
Queen of Burlesquers.
THE KEESINGS,
In New Operatic Selections.
CARLTON AND ROYCE, DODSON,
DORA MERVIN and others.
1 ! STRONG BILL WITH NOVEJL FEATURES.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
TH - v *
Choicest Hhjits.Wines.Vege---
-tables. Grains & Grasses
A GTCKt SrtOC& SttQW..
ftsst/$ Dvtcriair\ji\cT\t.
( £XWBITSTRANSPORTED [___%
• Excursion Rates To Visitors.
WtoTB FOR Particulars.
HTfRJ-SHIELDS^B^PREGKLES
sSECR&TARYV pcaiuciA*
1 -..-.' ..
78
C OM MERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THB MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley lower.
Cats. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Smaller receipts of Hay.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
R^-.ns and See.is quiet.
Potatoes and Onions about the same.
Vegetables in ivy supply.
Poultry plentiful. .w.^-m
Bdtte- Cheese and Eggs unchanged
Shipping Peaches and Plums firmer.
Lemons glut the market.
Canning prices keep up fairly.
Fried Apples lev. er.
Dried Apricots firm and Peaches steady.
Provisions still active and firm.
New fall Wool appearing.
Hop growers are firm holders.
Hides ar.d Tallow unchanged.
.Meat market about the same.
Grain Bags firm.
No change in Oils.
CUSTOMS COLLECTIONS.
Local customs collections thus far this year
amount to $4,055>X», against $3,592,500 during
tiie same time last year. •
STOCKS OF GRAIN
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Steller re
ports stocks of grain In warehouse * and on
wharf August 1 as follows, in tons:
_____ - heat «
Pt Costa. Stockton. City.
i.. , 49.998 14.455 2.465
V J *> ■i.v...v.v:: -V •■:••<. 2" 818 2.02S
Ausus£ ** J/ 03 - 339 ' B^iey ,
T-lv 1 ... . 4.107 1.098 1.047
■vy:.:::.:. 17657 6.578 1.63"
AJ^ lst 1 oats. Corn. Bran.
T. ■■- 1 :«? 8H ill-
August 1 f.291 ... 212
August 1 -'-
Receipts in July were 22.723 tons Parley, 362S
to Oats, 535 do Corn and I^7 do Bran.
NEW YORK DRIED FRUIT MARKET,
Mail advices from New York say of dried
fruit:
"It ii said that future peaches on the coast
have advanced to 6'ic as the inside quotation
en August shipment, and that a further ad
vance is expected when trading begins The
Indications for a large output of dried peaches
v not so promising as they were. Canners
are offering prices for green fruit which it is
practically Impossible for driers to pay un.ier
the present probabilities for rices. It seems
to be quite likely that prices, will at east re
main firm where they are now. with possibly
an increase if demand continues as strong as
Indications warrant.
"Prunes are steady. Spot supplies are moving
cut gradually under ordinary consumptive de
mand and holders expect that the supply will
b= practically exhausted when new crop goods
come on the market. There are rumors of
further sales of futures, but if they are true
the particulars are kept from the public. It
Is certain that there ■^: bids for new goods,
but so far as know*.. - .ne of the orders have
been confirmed. The general conditions favor
steady prices and the trade anticipates con
siderable activity before ember.
"Apricots are advancing, "ami it is under
stood that no sales are being made on the
coast at less than P'-c, while 10c, ■•!• even more.
Is asked for the best qualities. The West and
Middle West have bought heavily of new crop
goods, and some buyers for this market say
that it Is difficult to secure the supplies they
want, and It pruliably is at the prices they are
willing to pay. An advance is probable as de
mand increases, as it has already begun to do.
"Raisins are steady. though buyers from
other Eastern markets are reported taking con-
Fidcrable supplies here, enough, according to
the best information obtainable, to lean up
the ungraded anel the two-crown. There are
S5" to AW cars left on the cast, principally
four and three crown. The new crop promises
sn abundant yield of good quality and prices
are expected to rule high this season."
WEATHER report.
fl2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. August 1. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 62 San Diego 74
Fresno 100 Sacramento 86
Lis Angeles SO Independence 90
Red Rluff 9. Yuma 100
San Luis 'Obispo — TS
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 52; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(RECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails along the Sound and
over Southern California. Arizona and the
Rocky Mountain region. Showers and thun
der storms have occurred in Utah, Arizona and
Southern California.
The pressure has risen over the entire Pa
cific Slope durini. the past Twenty-four hours.
The temperature has fallen over Arizona and
the eastern portion of Southern California;
elsewhere it has remained nearly stationary.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
Calife.rnia. except probable --.under st.inns In
the mountains of Southern California. Thunder
sterms are also likely in Ftah and Arizona.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight August 1':
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
west wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Wednes
day: probable thunder nnd showers in the
mountains: fresh west wind.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
Ftah— Cloudy, with thunder storms and
showers Wednesday.
Arizona— Cloudy, with showers and thunder
storms Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
•—
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Aug. I.— To-day's stock mar
ket began strong, but the bullish sentiment
became exhauste.l and the .-lose was lower
than last night's. The, declines extended to a
point each in Burlington and Pennsylvania,
and From 1 to 2 points in the leading Indus
trials. Soon after the opening realizing sales
were made on a large scale, operators taking ;
advantage of heavy commission house demand
to take the profits made on the recent rise.
Th* outside buying and the realizing seemed
about equally balanced for a time, but the ',
weiglit of the selling prejved too much for '
the market to carry and prices of railroads i
gave way. Ttie softness Of the market moved
the professional operators to turn to the short
side alter having realized, and they attacked
values vigorously in the afternoon, wining out ;
practically all the gains in th" specialties and
carried the railroads generally a sharp frac
tlon below last night. There were some iso
lated sticks which maintained their strength
throughout the day, .My the Chicago Great
Western issues, Colorado and Southern and
-Chicago and Eastern Illinois, which ro,se from
a fraction to 3%. The strong June statements
by Atchison and Union Pacific were without j
marked effect.
Rates tor call money to-day were marked
up te-> 4% rier cent In the afternoon. Cheap i
money does not apr>ear nearer tan it. did a I
month ago. as London and the Continent are
evidently counting on borrowing the credits
to be established by the coming export move
men The calling home ot these -edits would,
it seems probable; result in sales of securities
rather than shipnj*pts of gold, which the Bank
of England is still buying in tlie pen market
and from Germany. London bought quite free
ly cf ste-oks in New York to-day ami exchange
bills against future grain shipments continued
ln large supply. There has also been a sharp
fall in exchange on Paris this week, and to
day sterling exchange on Paris rose 1% cen
times. Banks in other cities have been large
lenders on New York and have drawn on their
deposits in New York banks for the pur
pose. This operation reduces the possibilities
of further strain on New York banks through
inter ■■ demand to move the crops. But for
the moment it makes Increased demand on
them and does not offer much relief to the
local money situation.
Standard Ro_«: incomes, Fort Worth and
"Denver City firsts and ' ireeon Short Line in
comes showed strength. Otherwise the bi nd
market was stead; Sales, par value, $2,075,900.
Government bonds were unchanged on bid
prices. The coupon bonds of the 2s and 3s,
the new 4s and ss, were ex-Interest.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
6.750 Atchison 20%
2.'.347 Atchison prefd 63%
1.420. Baltimore & Ohio 49%
300 Canadian Pacific 96%
100 Canada Southern 51%
4.500 Central Pacific 54%
o,s2e) Chesapeake &. Ohio 27%
2,720 Chicago Great Western 14%
10,497 f?hicago, Burlington & Quincy 137%
200 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 9%
.-. Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd... 41
- 100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 76. i
610 Chicago & Northwestern 161%
14,061 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 119%
6,3*5 C C C & St Louis 57%
957 Colorado Southern 5%
2.C40 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 17%
4.065 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 18U
4.155 Delaware & Hudson 12:'.%
2.5-J4 Delaware, Lack & Western 177 _
1,200 Denver & Rio Grande 21%
800 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 76
Erie - 13%
850 Erie Ist prefd 37
4i»i Gre.it Northern prefd 168
; 500 Hocking Coal 15
*. 100 Hocking Valley 24%
SC9 Illinois Central, ex div 115%
- Coi) lowa Central 13%
• 300 lowa Central prefd 52%
1,400 Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gulf 7%
ioo Lake Eric & Western 21
545 Lake Erie & Western prefd 79%
Lake Shore 201%
5.52:. Louisville & Nashville : 74%
30.145 Manhattan I* 113%
3,611 Metropolitan Street Railway 212%
2,lt,ij Mexican Central 14%
1,050 Minneapolis & St Louie 58%
4CO Minneapolis & st Louis prefd S3
20.750 Missouri Pacific 49
100 Mobile & Ohio 44%
200 Missouri, Kansas & Texas.;... 12*
2,400 Missouri. Kansas & Texas. prefd.... 36%
1,020 New Jersey Central..... .......117%
1,915 New York Central 189% !
2.250 Norfolk & Western 21 '
2,210 Norfolk & Western prefd 71% ]
20,850' Northern Pacific 52%
1.910 Northern Pacific prefd 78
3,450 Ontario & Western 26%
Oregon Railway & Nay 40 '
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd <»% '
5,510 Pennsylvania 136 % j
300 Reading •> _]_* i
6.240 Reading Ist prefd •»*
1,050 Reading 2d prefei 33 ._ >
Rio Grande Western ■_'' *
Rio Grande Western prefd 8 >
2.010 SI Louis & San Francisco  I}% ;
St Louis & San Francisco Ist prefd. .1 •
1.000 St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. ■'.;'. I
3,200 St Louis Southwestern 16% '-
8,000 St Louis Southwestern prefd 39 . >
11,540 St Paul }>-'*
336 St Paul prefd }•*
"00 st Paul & Omaha 108V4 J
29,950 Southern Pacific -™ '
250 Southern Railway \\_* '
'. 7,810 Southern Railway prefd •';-> '
J 0 Texas & Pacific --">» >
18,430 Union Pacific *_ -
7,696 Union Pacific prefd » ' '
Wabash „*? '
2.100 Wabash prefd •» :
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie »% '
Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd ■•■■ -4.* *
200 Wisconsin Central 1: l * :
Express Companies—
100 Adams ■ - J"
152 American l _\ I,
i United States ■'" '
Wells Fargo ...Lo '
Miscellaneous—
4,9"0 American Cotton Oil « '■
100 American Cotton Oil prefd '■-_■ i
200 American Malting v,* '
350 American Malting prefd b!"% i
5.884 American Smelting & R '■■
1,000 American Smelting & R prefd 86 "
j American Spirits o "*i :
i American Spirits prefd ' --
1.975 American Steel Hoop <J4** ;
800 American Steel Hoop prefd <» ■-
24,075 American Steel & Wire 69"-4
3,250 American Steel & Wire prefd 97% !
5.175 American Tin Plate **%
950 American Tin Plate prefd 88
48,050 American Tobacco 109%
American Tobacco prefd 14.' 1
5.160 Anaconda Mining Co •>>•%
40.870 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 116*1*
2.475 Colorado Fuel & Iron 46%
12.570 Continental Tobacco 44' 2 ;
4,005 Continental Tobacco prefd... 87%
7.480 Federal Steel 5:*%
1,520 Federal Steel prefd 80
350 General Electric 123 i
::S2 Glucose Sugar 68% ,
i Glucose Sugar prefd 107 |
650 Internationa) Paper 42%
I International Paper prefd 78% ,
625 Laclede Gas 56
230 National Biscuit 47
2'X) National Biscuit prefd H'l ,
1.900 National Lead 31
National Lead prefd 112
5,080 National Steel 54
5.0:9 National Steel prefd 94%
I New York Air Brake 198
I 16.370 North American 12% j
2SO Pacific Coast 39 | .
> Pacific Coast Ist prefd 84
I Pacific Coast 2d prefd 55
j 1,870 Pacific Mail 48U j
| 5.500 People's Gas 119% :
j 3.4i*il Pressed Steel Car 58 .
i 2.093 Pressed Steel Car prefd 88 i
187 Pullman Palace Car. ex dlv 158
I 1.200 Standard Rope & Twine 7% I
I 47.i«0 Sugar 162
.140 Sugar efd 118*4 |
j 10,115 Tennessee Coal & ire in 73% j
700 ['tilted States Leather 16's !
I 1,400 United States Leather pre:".] 73% '
700 I 'nit< States Rubber M |
■ United States Rubber prefd 115% I
820 Western Union 90 i
i 605,400 shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg. ex-int. 100^4 M X & T 2ds 67% |
Do 3s reg 108% Do J .s 93% i
Do 3s coup .NY Cent lsts 112
Do new 4s reg 123 N .' Cent gen 55..121U .
Do new "4s coup. No Carolina 6s 127% :
ex-int 129 Do 4s 104
Do Id I? Reg 112' iNo Pacific lsts 113
Do old 4s coup... 113 Do 3s. ex-int 67%
Do 5s reg 111% Do 4s 103% <
•Do 5s coup, ex- N V C & St I. Is .107% | '
int 111% Nor & W con 15... 96 I
I Dist of C 3.65s 119 Do gen 0/ 135 '
'Alabama class A. .110" Oregon Nay 15t5. ..112 '
Do class B 110 1., 4s 101%'
Do class C 104 Oregon Si.. 132
I>" Currency 100 j 1..1 '.. con 5s 112%
j Atchison gen 45. ...101% Reading gen 4* — BS«j
Do adj 4s 85% Rio G West lsts... 9S
Canada So ..ds 111% St L & I M con 55. 114
i Che s -.- Ohio 4%5.. 97% St I. &S F gen 68.124-2
Do 5s 119 st Paul con 170 I
I Chi & N W con 75. 145 Ist P C & 1' 15t5. ...121%
Do S F deb 55...122% ! Do 5s 121%
Chicago Term 45... -.■"„ So Railway 65.*?.'.T.109%
Den <fe Rio G lsts. lo6 Stand R & T 6s,
Do 4s 99%' ex-int 84
E T V & G 15t5. ...103 .Term new set 35... 96
Erie gen 4s 73 Tex & Pac 15t5. ...11a
F W & DC lsts... 79 i Do 2.1s 55%
! Gen Electric 55. ...116 Union Pacific .105%
! G ii & s A 6s .110% Wabash lsts 117
Do 2. is 111 | Do ads. ex-int..
1 H & T C 5s 110% West Shore 4s 115
i Do con f.s 110% Wis rent lsts 76%
| lowa Cent lsts 115 Va Centuries 85%
KOP & G lsts ... 61% Do Deferred 5
iLa new con 45... 102 Colo Southern 4a.. 87',; ;
! L & N unified 45.. 99%
MINING STOCKS.
' rhollar 23 Ontario 6 75
■ Crown Point 20 Ophir 95 i
Con 'al & V 200 Plymouth 10
• Dead wood- 60 Quicksilver 2 10
Gould & Curry .16 Do prefd 850
! Hale & Norcross 30 Sierra Nevada 56 j .
I Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 50 '
j Iron Silver 51 Union Con 33
' Mexican 50 Yellow Jacket 30 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
j Money— West End 95 j
Call loans 3%©4% Do prefd 114
; Time loans 3%04% Westinghouse El.. SOU
Stocks - i Bonds —
Ate Top &St Fe. 20% Atchison 4s 100
Do prefd 63% Mining Shares-
American Sugar. ..l 62 Adventure 9% ! .
Do prefd 118% Allouez Mm Co 7% \'
: Bell Telephone 350 Atlantic ;30 I
: Boston & Albany. .2**2 Boston & Mont 355
l Boston Elevated... 107% Butte & Boston 98
I Boston & Maine... l9S% Calumet A: Hec1a..835
I< "m Bur & Q... 137% Centennial 33%
! Fitchburg prefd.... llß Franklin 19*4
j Gen Electric 123 Humboldt 2
I Federal Steel **'" Osceola 89
Do prefd 82 Parrott _ 62%
i Mexican Central... 14% Quincy lfii
j Mich Telephone 98 Santa Fe Copper... 13%
i Old Colony 20."> Tamarack 222
I Old P.. minion 37% Winona 13
! Rubber 50 Wolverine 47
Union Pacific 44% Utah 43% j
I Union Land 7%i
LONDON MARKET. • |
NEW YORK, Aug. The Commercial [
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says: :
: The markets here were idle to-day. except in ■
: Americans and Westralians. The tone was j
easier on harder money. Americans were j
i strong in the morning. Northern. Central and
I Southern Pacifies and Atchison being features.
In the afternoon they relapsed on Provincial
j and New Ye.rk selling, and the close was lie-
I low the best, but gains ranging up to 1% were
j general. Paris sold Tlntos In anticipation of
I unfavorable statistics, other coppers were
steady. The bank bought £87,000 gold bars I
an.i £113,000 in German coin.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, August I.— FLOUR—
32.394; exports, 21,448. Weak, fully 10c lower to
sell.
WHEAT— Receipts, 53. 250; experts, 125,873.
Spot, weak; No. 2. red. 7.*>U<- f. o. b. afloat spot;
No. 1. Northern Duluth, 76%" f. o. b. afloat
spot: No. 1, hare] Duluth. 80% cf. o. b. afloat to
. arrive; No. 2, red, 73% c elevator. Options
! opened weak and sold off through the Influence
of disappointing cables, supplemented by con
! tinued excellent crop news from the Northwest.
A brief rally at midday on the decrease in
] world's sticks, preceded a second sharp drop
, due to liquidation and th" market Closed weak i
and unsettled at %c decline. September, 74 l *'§' :
7*.c. closed 7!%c; December, 76%077%, closed !
76%.
HOPS— Quiet.
HlDES— Quiet.
WOOD -Steady.
I The various phases of to-day's metal markets |
i were of a less sensational order. Tin fell off
50075 points ureter an abrupt let-up In. demand, ■
and less favorable reports from home and for
eign markets. The other departments were j
quiet and unchanged. At the close the metal
' exchange called plgiron warrants unchanged, i
with $15 25 bid and $15 7." asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $18 50.
TlN— Dull and unsettled, with $32 50 bid and
$32 75 asked.
LEAD— Unchanged, with $4 55 bid and $4 57%
; asked. The brokers' price for lead Is $1 35 and
■ for copper $18 50.
-Unchanged at 6c.
COFFEE Options .closed steady and un
: changed: sales. 4000 bags, including Septem-
I ber. $4 ."5; December. $4 85; January, $4 *!.";
; March, $505 05. Spot— Rio, dull and nominal.
! with weakened undertone; mild, quiet and
barely steady.
SUGAR— Raw, strong, with decided upward
i tendency: fair refining. 3 15-16 C bid; centrifugal. j
96 ' test, 4'_e- bid: molasses sugar, 3 15-16 bid;
refined, strong, with good demand.
BETTER— 13.662 packages; steac"^:
Western creamery. lotftl^c; fresh factory, 110
lie: factory. 14014%0.
EGGS— Receipts. 12,563 packages; Irregular;
Western. "10@15%c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Aug. I.— California drf?d
fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 64g7'4c;
prime wire tray. 8%®8%c; choice, 8%09c; fan
cy. '.•','.[■-•'■,< .
PRUNES— 3%
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 14c: Moorpark. 14®16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 11011% c.
CHICAGO WHEAT MARKET.
CHICAGO, Aug. I.— Pronounced dullness
was practically the only feature of Wheat
j from the opening until within three-quarters
•of an hour of the close. During that time the
range of prices was but '■*•■. nnd for long
periods the pit was hah* deserted, traders go
ing to Provisions and Corn, where more ac
tivity was apparent. The opening was rather
weak at a slight decline, September starting
%c lower at 6&>aS6J%c_, It advanced : shortly
■'• ■ -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA.LT,, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2, 1899.
after the opening to 69% c. but soon fell back
tie opening prices and -until afternoon kept
within that range. Little long liquidation was
noticeable during the morning, and although
news as a rule was bearish the absence of
selling pressure -prevented any material de
cline. Cables were lower, but did not show
the decline expected. Reports of the spring
Wheat country indicated a large crop and the
weather was favorable for the grain. North
west receipts were light. Bradstreet's report I
on the visible supply, due about, noon, had a i
tendency to restrict trading in the morning
and a "bearish report was apprehended. The .
surmise proved to be correct, the decrease be
ing put at only 350.000 against 5,714.000 bushels
a year ago. About 12:30 the almost complete
absence of cash demand both here and at out
side points apparently impressed the bulls
with the futility of longer holding their W heat,
and a liquidating movement was started which
grew decidedly heavy as the session drew to
a close. The weakness shown by Corn acted
as a spur to the disgusted longs, and large
quantities* of long Wheat came out on the ,
decline. Previous to the noon hour the hep
tember price hail touched 69 "i-SuOc.. on a mod
erate amount of buying, principally by shorts,
but It declined rapidly under the liquidation
and shortly before Hie close touched 6jc. The
close was weak at 69Vf,c sellers.
Corn was weak and at times quite active. ,
Reports from the corn belt indicated a large
crop. This and continued favorable weather ■
and large receipts started important outside
liquidation. Local longs joined the selling .
movement later and prices declined steadily.
September closed -•'"v lower. ]
Oats were dull, but steady In spite of th.->
weakness of other grains. Ther" was a fair
export demand at the seaboard and enough
buyers of September to keep the price steady
most of the session. September lost %c.
Provisions were Irregular. The market was I
strong early and advanced sharply on the
more favorable reports of the yellow fever
condition in the South. The break in the
grain markets started liquidation under which
nearly all the advance was lost. The close
was barely steady, September Pork and Lard
2'jc higher and Ribs unchanged.
The 'leading futures ranged as follows: .
Articles-^ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. %— __ „, .
September 69% 70 69 69%
December 71% 72 71 71%
May 74% 74% 74 .4
Corn No 3—
Sept™nber r. 30% 30% 30 30%
December 29% 29% 28% 28%
May 30% 30% 29% 29% .
Oats No. 2— „• ._ '
September 19% 19% » »
December 19% 19% 19% »% ;
May 21% 21% 21 21%
Mess Pork, per barrel— „".',,",
September 8 32% 845 825 8 27%
October 845 8 47"4 830 83d
l_ard, per 100 pounds-
September 5 22% 530 5 22% 620
October 5 32% 5 37% 530 630
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds
September 490 4 97% 490 490
October 4 97% 5 02% 495 495
fash quotations were as follows:
Flour easy; No. 2 spring wheat, 67% c; No.
3 spring wheat. 67-jfi9%c: No. 2 re.]. 70@70%c;
No. 2 corn. 30% c: No. 2 oats. 23025 c; No. 3
white 21%@25%c; No. 2 rye, 52c; No. 2 barley.
"4-?36e : : No. 1 flaxseed, 98 1 4 l ?T*7c: prime timothy
seed. J2 42'.!52 45: mess pork, per barrel. $7 65*
v 25; lard per 100 pounds. $5 1505 25; short rib
sides, loose. $4 80(95 10; dry salted shoulders^
boxed 6%05%c; short clear sides, boxed, $". 15
...". 25; whisky, drillers' finished goods, per
gallon. $1 26.
-\rt-cles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels 88,000 8,000
Corn bushels 520,000 ■ 533.000
Oats, bushels 899.000 177.000
Rye, bushels 7.000
Parley, bushels 9,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery. 13V4017c: dairy,
12fi"15«ic. Cheese, steady, B%@9c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 11% C.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 8% 5 9%
Closing 5 8% 5 9%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Au«r. Nov. -Feb.
Opening I 9 60 20 35
Closing 19 65 20 40
Flour—
Opening • 43 10 27 60
Closing 43 00 27 60
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. Aug. I.— Special cable and j
telegraphic advices to Bradstreefs show the |
following changes in available supplies, as j
compared with last week:
Wheat— United states nnd Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease 552.000 bushels; afloat
fe.r and in Eupope, Increase 200,000 bushels;
total supply, decrease 352,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease 2.918.000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease "127.000 bushels.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land. Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash..
Increased 108,01 0 bushels last week.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. I.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day, realizing the following prices: Teaches,
Early Crawford, boxes, 55c to $1 10, average
S9c; Foster, 75c to $1 10, average 89c; St. John,
boxes. Mc; Pears, Bartletts, $1 20 to $1 60;
Plums, Bradshaw, single crates, 95c to $1 50,
average $1 22; Burbank, single crates, 95c to
$1 35. average $1 26: Prunes. Silver, average
$1; Red Nectarines, single crates. $1 15 to J- 55,
average .-! £3. Eight cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Aug. I.— Peaches. Early Craw
ford, boxes. Cur; Foster, 68c: Susquehanna. 76c; ;
Pears Bartletts, $1 45 to $1 70, average $1 61: i
Plums, Purple Duane, $1 20; Yellow Egg. ;
average $1 30; Prunes, Gros. average $1 : ,0: I
Tragedy, single crates. $1 15 to $1 40, average 1
$1 2.". "Thirteen cars sold to-day.
MONTREAL, Aug. I.— Peaches. Early I
Crawford, boxes, 65c to $125, average $1 13;
Foster, boxes, average 51 20: Pears, Bartletts, |
$1 95: Plums, Kelsey Japan, single crates, aver
age $1 70; Prunes, Tragedy, Jl 10 to $1 35, aver- |
age $1 if.. yyyy
BOSTON. Aug. I.— Peaches. Early Craw
ford, boxes. 80c; Foster, boxes, 78c: Pears. j
Bartletts. boxes, $1 40 to J:.', average $1.67;
Prunes. Tragedy. single crates, $1 to $1 20,
average $1 14. Sixteen cars sold to-day.
NEW YORK, Aug. California fruit sold
to-day:
Pears— Bartletts. 51 25-52 4.'. per box and
$1 40 per half-box: Russell. Jl 25 per box.
Peaches— Crawford. 45C0J1 15 per box; Cling.
50cTiSl 15; St. John, 55'u M.'c per box anil
50c per crate; Fosters. 5013*750; late Crawfords,
90095 c per box. _
Plums Kelsey. Sltf.2 15 per crate; Purple
Duanes. 55c©$l 25: Egg. $1 25-91 35; Bradshaws.
r.iV'.ij. 25; Quackenboss, Jl'&l 15; Imperials, 75c
per crate. ■■■:'•■_ - .
Nectarines— per crate and 60c per box.
Tragedy. $1050120 per. crate; Ger
mans. 9Ccosl 35 per crate.
Twenty-six cars sold to-day in New York.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. . I.— There was the usual
small Tuesday supply of cattle to-day. # The
demand was brisk and all offerings were easily
disposed of nt firm prices. Good to fancy cat
tle, $5 30JT5 95; commoner grades, $4 3505 2*;
etockers and feeders. $3 2504 80; bulls, cows
and heifers $2 2505 25; Texas steers. 5-1 50®
5 30: calves. $:. 5006 75. .
Hog prices were weak and lower in spite of
"mall receipts, sales being at about 5010 c de
cline Heavy hogs, $3 800:4 50; medium
weights $1 1004 40; light weights, $4 3004 55 ;
pigs, $3 511-74 50: culls, $203 80.
There was a. good demand for sheep and
lambs, and with a light supply prices ruled
strong and higher. Sheep sold at $2 2503 25
for culls, up to $505 25 for prime wethers.
Good lambs sold actively at $6^.6 75, inferior
grade., bringing* $4@5 76.
Receipts— Cattle, 2000; hogs, 13.000; sheep,
60C0.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Aug. I.— The Wool market shews
a strong position and all conditions are favor
able for prices being sustained. The sales have
been considerable, although not so heavy as
the two previous weeks. Territory Wool holds
firm and good. Wools on the scoured basis
are selling at 50c, with the range above this
figure for fine medium and flne. Fleece Wools
are feeling the strength Of the market, al
though sales have been small.
Australians are nearly cleared up and prices
are nominal in the absence of supplies.
Territory Wools -Montana and Dakota, fine '
medium and fine, 14918 c; scoured, 50052 c;
staple 55@57c; Utah and Wyoming, flne me
dium and fine, 16018 c; scoured, BOc; staple, 630
55c; Idaho, fine medium and fine, 16017 c;
scoured, 50052 c.
Australian, scoured basis, combing superfine,
780SOc; good. 74>5760, average 70@73c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Aug. I.— Consols, 106 11-16; Sil
ver. 2"7*** e l: French Rentes. lOOf 25c.
Wheat— Cargoes off coast, buyers and sellers
apart; cargoes on passage, buyers withdrawn;
English country markets, dull.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. I.— Wheat dull; No. 1
standard California, 6s %do6s 2d: wheat in
Paris, steady: flour in Paris, steady; weather
in England, brilliant.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING. '
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 Western winter, dull.
F,« 6d; No. 1 Northern spring, dull. 5s 10% d;
No. 1 California. 6s %dOCs 2d. Futures—
Steady; September, 5s 6',id: December, 5s 9' R <i.
CORN— Spot, American mixed, new. steady,
3s 3'> d; do. old, quiet. 3s 4*- 2 d. Futures —
Steady'; September. 3s 3%d; October, 3s 4%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Aug. Clearings, $194,626; bal
ances, $38,100.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Aug. 1.- The best open quota
tion for Walla Walla wheat to-day was s«c,
with valley In no special demand at 57c and
bluestem nominally 58c. These prices will not
shake loose much wheat, but there are more
pressing tonnage engagements to meet than are
now in sight.
WASHINGTON. *
. TACOMA, Aug. Wheat - continues dull.
with trading light and the outlook not particu
larly promising for any advance. Club, 56c;
bluestem, 69c. ■'■
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5....... — ' ' $J 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — * f'%
Sterling Cables — * S J =
New York Exchange, sight — JO
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — l-Vi
Mexican Dollars 49% _"
Fine Silver, per ounce — • "0%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are steady at 31s 3do
32s 6.1. usual options. The chartered wheat
fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 39,000,
against 14,500 tons on the same date last year; j
disengaged, 7370 tons, .against 28.300; on the way
to this port, 211,600 tons, against 207,500.
WHEAT— Chicago was steady, but feature
less. The' demand was merely to fill shorts,
and small at that. The sentiment was very
bearish." The weather in the Northwest was
favorable, but the prospects are below the
average. Snow gives the winter Wheat outlook
at Bsc, against 95c in 18.93. Corn was firmer
under a good shipping demand.
The local market was lower and dull, with
no -hipping demand. Milling descriptions were
steady, but any increase in offerings would
lower prices.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 03%©1 05; milling,
$1 i-V(. 1 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
6000 ctls., $1 11%: 16.000. $1 11%.
Second Session— December— 2o.ooo ctls., $1 11%.
Regular Morning Session— December— lo.ooo
ctls., $1 131; 18,000, $1 11%.
Afternoon December— 24,000 ctls.,
$1 11; 16.000, $1 10%; 2000. $1 10%.
BARLEY— The market continues to decline,
and the demand is slow. Shippers have re
duced their bids to 9Ro96tic for export grades.
There was a. marked decline in futures, es
pecially in the afternoon. :)■■
Feed, 85090 c: Brewing, 95c051; Chevalier,
$1 1001 15 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 6ooo
ctls., 85% c; 2000, 8514 c; 2000, 85c; Seller '99, new—
4000, 83% c.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls.,
84% c; 4000, 84Vic; 2000, 84% c; 4000- 84c; 8000,
83Tiic; 2000 S3%c; 18,000, 83% c; 6000. 83% c; 2000.
«'»; 14.000, 83% C. Seller '99. new— 82-% c;
2000. 82% c: 2000. 81% c; 12.000. 81% c.
OATS— Offerings are more liberal and prices
are weaker, as a rule. The Inquiry is not
Sharp- New white, $1 3001 40. and new red,
$1 0501 15 per ctl. Black. $101 07%.
CORN— The market has not changed for a;
long time. Offerings are not heavy, but the ,
demand Is light.
Small round Yellow. $1 3001 35: Eastern large
Yellow, $1 1001 15; White. $1 1001 15; mixed, |
$1 10 per ctl.; California White, $1 171401 22' 2 .
RYE— Quiet at 90092Hc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MII.LSTT'FFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6003 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $"! 400-3 65; Oregon
and Washington. $3 4003 30 per bbl. for extra,
$3 2503 40 for bakers' and $2 2503 for super
tine. • _ -■_- : ,
MILLSTUFFS Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs.; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50: ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $:: 25; Oatmeal, $1 5004 75;
Oat Groats, $4 7.".: Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $404 2.'.; Cracked Wheat, $3 76:
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 .'.O; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 5506 95; in Backs, $6 3506 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas.
$3 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay dropped sharply to 443 tons,
but the market continued weak and dull.
There was no further change In Bran and Mid
dlings.
BRAN— SI6OI7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 60019 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS Rolled Barley, $20 per ton;
Oilcake ileal at the mill. $27028; jobbing,
$28 50023; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Cornmeal,
$23 50024 50; Cracked Corn, $24025; Mixed Feed.
$15016: Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, 8708 50 for good and $9 for
choice; Wheat and Oat, $6 50©8: Oat, $5 5007 50:
Barley, $507; Island Barley. $5@6; Alfalfa, $5®
7 60 per ton: Compressed Wheat, $9®lo.
STRAW— : ®40c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS. •
Holders of Hears are firm and demand full i
figures, l.at buyers are indifferent and the mar
ket rules dull. There is no change in Seeds. I
BEANS— Bavos. $1 90@2: Small White. $2 050
2 l:. Large White $1 6501 SO; Pinks. $2 3002 40; ;
Red's, nominal; Blackeye, $1 1094 15: Butters,
nominal: Limas. $4 1004 15; Pea, $2 1002 25;
lied Kidneys. $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2*ioSc: Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
"V* per lb.; Alfalfa, 8%09%c: Rape, S©3fec;
Hemp. 4<i'ff44c: Timothy. 4%@6Hc.
DRIED PEAS— $1 2601 50; Green, $1 50
©2 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions remain about the same.
Supplies of all kinds of Vegetables are still
liberal, and the market is glutted with Cu
cumbers and Summer Squash, some left over
stock of the former selling at 5c per box.
POTATOES Garnet Chiles. Jiff I Early
Rose 75c051: Burbanks, 75c05l per ctl in'
sacks and $101 25 In boxes; Sweet Potatoes, ■
3c per lb. . -''.-';, „,,
ONIONS— per ctl for Sllverskins;'
Pickle Onions, 75c per sack.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, .ocfgjl 60 per bos
for ordinary and 51 7502 25 for fancy; Green
Peas "'i. .'•■'• per lb; String Beans. P..<i_, . ,
Lima Beans, 4©5% c; Cabbage. 60060 c; Toma
toes 15ft25c per small box; Rivers. 35@j0c;
Egg' Plant, 50075 c; Green Okra. 40065 c per
box; Garlic. 2@3c; Green Peppers, 25050 c for,
Chile and 50085 c per box for Bell: Carrol 300
40c per sack; Bay cucumbers. 15025 c; Pickles,
75ctfi$i for No. 1 and 40® 50c for No. 2; Summer
Squash 15025 c; Marrowfat Squash. $15020 per ]
ton; Green Corn. 25®75c pec sack for Vacaville, ,
$101 25 per crate for Alameda and 50090 c for
Berkeley. ;-'■■'■■■
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern sold at $606 50 for
Hens. 5505 50 for old Roosters, $5 for Fryers
and $3 50 for Broilers.
The market for home stock continues dull on
account of the receipts from the East, and
sales are 'at low prices. ._.., , 7,' 7
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 11013 c for Gob- I
lers and 11013 c for Hens; Young Turkeys.
16017 c; Geese, per pair. $l(f?l 25; Goslings. $1 2."
©160: Ducks, $304 for old and $3 5005 for
young; Hens. $405 50; young Roosters, $50
$5 50; old Roosters. $4 2505; Fryers. $4; Broil- j
ers, $303 60 for large. $2 6008 for small:
riweons. $1 5001 75 per dozen for old and $1 75@
2 for Squabs.
GAME- Doves. 75c per dozen.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Quotations have not changed for some days.
The demand about balances the supply, and
while there Is no accumulation of stock there
is enough of all kinds here.
BUTTER iyy_.
Creamery— creamery, 20021 c; sec
onds. 19c. '•*"'_' : ."-.'- _
Dairy— Fancy. U^-ai-^: good to choice, in..
17c: store. 14015 c per lb.
CHEESE mild new. 9©9% c; old, S0
Ri ,. ■■ Young America. 9H01Oc: Eastern, 13015 c
"EGGS— Quoted at Wh\9.- for store and 200
23c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18%020c for
selected, 16'fll7c for No. 1 and 14015 c for sec
onds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches. $15012 50 for frees and $30 for clings;
Apricots, $30040 per ton, according to size and
quality and district; Bartlett Pears, in this
city, $85045 per ton for No. 1 and $15,525 for
No 2: Green and Yellow Plums, $15020 per
ton; Cohered Plums. $10016.
It takes a fine Bartlett Pear to bring the
top quotation on canning account, but choice
lots will sell at it. Peaches- continue to glut
the market, though good shipping stock brought
more money yesterday. Plums are now in
moderate supply, hut the call for them is
rather slow. Figs and Nectarines are in light j
supply and quiet. Not much is heard of
■ Apricots now and the season will soon be over.
Grapes are in rather better supply, and so
are Melons. _,,, ...
Lemons are excessively dull and in large sup
ply, and an auction will be held to-day.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 25085 c per box; Crabapples, 35^50c
per small box. „_,„ ' . -
BERRlES— Blackberries, $30.-> per chest:
Strawberries $606 per chest for small and
Jl 6003 for large berries; Raspberries, $3 ,*,.
•;,., per chest; Logan berries, $10 per chest;
Huckleberries. 607 c per lb. *
Grapes. 500365 c per box and .oc per crate for
Fontainebleau, 76c per box and $1 per crate ,
for Rose of Peru and $I©l IS per crate for \
Muscat. ___ . '■"-
Watermelons, $4512 50 per 100.
Cantaloupes, $1 50-63 50 per crate; Nutmegs,:
sOcosl 25 per box.
Currants are nominal, being almost gone. |
I'ears, 250C0C per box, according to size;
Bartletts. 7oc©sl 25 per box.
Nectarines, per box for white and 60076 c
for red. * ",* '•'. . : -
Figs, 85c® $1 50 per box for double layers of
black and '■ for white.
Apricots, 35075 c per box.
Peaches. 15050 c per box and 12'-®tsc per bas
ket. Sawyer's Seedlings, 60*9 63c per basket.
Plums, 25060 c per box; Prunes, GOoVvfl per j
crate. . -"'•'"'."-*„"''
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $204:
Lemons. 75c05l 25 for common and $1 50(52 50 j
for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $404 50;
California Limes. — — per small box; Bananas, j
$1 5002 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $102 50 per
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
The only fruit to show weakness is Apples,
which are lower. Peaches are steady and Ap
ricots are stiff at full figures. There is very
little said about Prunes, and nothing at all
about Raisins. Nuts are firm and unchanged.
There is a fair demand for Honey at the old
prices. •
, DRIED FRUITS .Old Crop)— Prunes. 6&c for
40-50's, 5c for 50-60's. 4c for 60-70's. 3.i03%c for
70-80's. 2%03%c for 80-90's. 2%02%c for 90-100's
and 202'« c for 100-110's.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, in
sacks. 6Uc for 40-.*,n's, 6%c for 50-60's, 4%c per
lb for 60-70's. 3%c for 70-80' 3'403%c for 80
--90's and 23403 c for 90-100's; Apricots. 9011 c for
Royals and 11%©12% C for M.wrparks; Peaches.
T'/nT'.c; Evaporated Apples. 707VS.c; Sun-dried,
4Vsosc per. lb: Nectarines, 607 c per lb.
RAISINS— for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4',io6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3*3<_ for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2%03c.
Walnuts. 508 c for hardshell. .001
for softshell: Chile Walnuts,. 11013 c; Almonds,
new crop, 7'Ue- for I.anguedoc and 9V_.c for
paper-shell: Peanuts. 607 c for Eastern and 4%
0.".'. for California: Cocoanuts, $4 5005.
HONEY— ll%c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted. 7%©7% c;
light amber extracted, 6Vio7c; dark, 3%c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 26S 27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The yellow fever news broke the Chicago
market on Monday, but there was a rally yes
terday, with the shorts covering.
There is a heavy demand for Hams and the
top prices are secured without difficulty. Lard
and Bacon are firm, but not as active as Ham.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8' 2 <. per lb for
heavy, 909% c for light medium, lie for light.
12* .■• for"extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%® 14c; Califor
nia Hams. 13c; Mess Beef, $13 ncr bbl; ex
tra Mess Beef. $14: Family Beef, $15015 50; ex
tra Prime Pork. $12 50: extra clear. $16 50; mess,
$15015 50; Smoked Reef. 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted, at 6%05%c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half barrels, pure,
74e; m-11. tins. S'-ic; 5-lb tins. S%c •_.--
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6"»07%c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS,
Buyers continue to bid 13c for new Hops, but
without any effect on growers, who refuse to
sell at this figure.
Wool Is quiet, as there Is little Spring left
to work on. Some Fall lambs have "sold at
g©9c.
Hides and Tallow are unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. • Heavy salted
steers. 10010' 7 c; medium, 909 I*c;1 *c; light, 9c:
Cowhides, 9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c: dry Hides, sound, 16c: culls and brands,
13c: dry Kip and Veal, 15c: dry Calf, 17c:
Sheepskins, sheatlings, 20030 c each; short
Wool. 35060 c each; medium, 70090 c: long Wool,
fin ftsl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $202 25 fQr
large and $1250150 for small; Colts. 25050 c.
TALLOW 1 rendered. 4©4% c per lb; No.
2, 303% c; refined, ; grease, 202140.
WOOL Spring Clips— San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months. 8011 c; Foothill and North
ern free. 11014 c; Foothill and Northern defec
tive, 5011 c; Nevada, 11914 c; San Joaquin Foot
hill free, 10012 c; San Joaquin Foothill defec
tive. B@9c; Humboldt and Mendoctna, 16%018c;
Valley Oregon. 17018 c: Eastern Oregon. 12014 c
for choice and 9011% c for fair to good.
HOPS— IB9B crop. 15©17% C per lb; 1699 crop,
12%©13 c bid and refused.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS The market for Grain Bags contin
ues firm. Calcutta Grain Bags, 6c; Wool
Bags. 26©2Sc.
COAL— Wellington, JR per ton: New Welling
ton. $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50:
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $9 in bulk and $10 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12:
Cannel, $S per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 12c; Sisal, ll 1 ,.; Bale
Rope, lie; Duplex, lOVic basis.
CANNED VEGETABLES Peas, 75085 c; As
paragus, $1600285; Tomatoes, 80085 c.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $17502 30 for
black and $17502 30 for white; Peaches, $125
0165; Pears, $1450175; Apricots, $1200165;
Plums, 90c©$l 25.
COFFEE— Rica— l3%®lsc tor prime
washed; 12%013c for good washed; 1 l ; : 'i 12' 2 c
for good to prime washed peaberry; 10011 c for
good peaberry; 10012 c for good to prime; Sialic
nominal for good current mixed with black
beans; 809V&C for fair: s*4@7c for common to
ordinary. Salvador- 10012 cMr good to f.rime
washed: S^O'^c for fair washed; 10', 2 fi iPjc tor
good to prime washed peaberry; 7%@Sc tor su
perior unwashed; 7 v." '.'•_•■ for good green un
washed; 9©9Vjc for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— nominal for good
to superior unwashed: Siuiti^c nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican— l4.3 l6c for prime to fancy washed;
10012 c for good to strictly good washed; 7'i'fi''
10c for fair washed; 6%©7% c tor medium; 5©
64c for inferior to ordinary; l"i/ 1i ; for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9©9 1 /' ; c for good un
washed peaberry; 7%@Bc for good to superior
unwashed.
LEATHER- Sole, heavy, 25©28 c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 25026 c; Sole Leather, light,
25026 c; rough Leather, heavy, 25026 c: rough
Leather, light. 25026 c: Harness Leather,
heavy, 32@33c; Harness leather, medium, 300
32c; Harness leather, light. 29030 c; Collar
Leather, 16016 c per foot: Kip, finished, 400
16c per lb: Veal, finished, 60055 c; Calf, finished.
75c05l 20; Sides, finished, 16017 c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, 14016 c; rough Splits, SiglOc
per lb.
• OlL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 75c;
pure, M 10: Linseed OH, in barrels, boiled, 47c;
raw, 45c: cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra win
ter strained, barrels, 47c: No. I, 42- 2 <- : cases 5c '
more: China Nut, 50c per gallon; pure Neats
foot OH, barrels, 60c; cases, 65c; Sperm, pure,
60c: Whale Oil, natural white. 32. ic: Pacific
Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house colors,
$1 2501 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2*7 2 25 per
gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPHTHA
Water white Coal Oil, in bulk, lli£c per gal
lon; Pearl Oil, in cases, 16',-ic; Astral Oil. I6'.c;
Star Oil, l>"'-_e': Extra Star Oil. 20% c; Elaine
OH, 21.4 c; Eocene Oil. lS'-c: Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, In bulk, 16c: in cases, 21c; Benzine,
in bulk, 15*4 c; in cases, 20% c; 86 degree Gaso
line, in bulk, 21c; in cases. 26c.
CANDLES— Light candles. 6s, 16 oz,
Ri,.-; 6s, 14 oz, 7V; Us. 12 oz. 6>^c; 6s, 10 oz.
.*'■■,■; 12s, 12 oz. 7'i.c; Granite (Mining) Candles
—6s, 16 oz, !' : 4 e-; 6s, 14 OZ, S',*<- ; 6s, 12 oz, 7' 2 e-:
6s. to oz, 6%c; Paraffine Wax Candles— ls, 2s,
4s and 6s, white, 9%c; 12s, 10'; c; colored, lc
higher.
WHITE LEAD— at 6%06c; Red Lead
and Litharge. 5%06c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In eases. 61c; in iron barrels,
66c; In wooden barrels, 5Sc.
LUCOL- Boiled, barrels, 42c; raw, barrels,
40c: cases, 6c more.
QUICKSILVER— SI 350 per flask for local use
and $40 for export.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
cubes. A crushed and Fine. Crushed, h^'tC
Powdered, 5%c; Candy Granulated. s'.ic; Dry
Granulated, s'*c: Confectioners' A, s*»c: Cali
fornia A. 4 t«c: Magnolia A. 4" 1 «c: Extra C, 4&ic:
Golden C, 414 c: barrels. 1-16.- more; half barrels,
V4c more; boxes, '_<■ more: 50-lb bags, V«c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominos, half-barrels, .s?*c; boxes,
CVsC per lb.
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. $16@17; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, $17018 for No. 1, an, $15016 for No.
2: Lath. 4 feet, $2 20'?? 2 30; Pickets. $18: Shin
gles. $1 CeO'ffl .75 for common, and $2 75 for fancy;
Shakes, $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic,
$21027,
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Price? for all descriptions stand about the
same. Hogs continue scarce and firm, with
occasional sales over the quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF -7©Be per lb for Steers and 6Vi's7c for
Cows.
VEAL— 10c ncr lb.
MUTTON- Wethers. 7c: Ewes. 61& C per lb.
LAMB- Spring. 8c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, '■\'ii :•'.>• for small. 6c for
medium and .*.' •_'.'. .",-"■.>■■ for large: stock Hogs and
Feeders,. sic; dressed Hogs, 7tfJi>.2C.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, August 1.
Flour qr sks 7,168 Hay. tons 41.*.
Wheat, ctls 77,292 Straw, tons in
Barley, ctls 120,629 Wool, bags : 194
Oats, ctls »70 Pelts, bdls 420
Bye, ctls 17,646 Hides, no fi4S
Butter, ctls 248 Paper, reams 2,960'
Cheese, ctls 60 Eggs, doz 13,740
Beans, sks 57 Leather. r0115.... 36
Potatoes, sks 3.77:) Wine, gals 17,300
Onions, slis 1,885 Powder, car 1
Bran, sks 2,446 Raisins, boxes 100
Middlings, sks... 1,100 Chicory, bbls 10
Sugar, sks 7."..".
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 860!
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were qiiiet on the morning session
and the few changes were toward lower prices.
Spring Valley Water sold at $103 35©101 75,
Onomea Plantation at $3s 12^087 50 and Paau
hau at PS -'"'' -v
In the afternoon Onomea sold down to $37 2",,
Paauhau to $37 75 and Hana to $!■*.
Mining stocks stood about the same. The
telegram from the pump said: "At 6:30 o'clock
this morning the water was down IS feet 3
Inches below the 1950 level station. The ele
vator has been working continuously."
Sales on regular calls of the Sun Francisco
Board thus far this year amount to 1,457,950
shares, against 974,255 during the same time last
year. '• ; '"*
The delinquent sale ot the assessment of ",c
per share of the Tracy Gold Mining and Mill
ing Company has been postponed to August 15.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
will pay a quarterly dividend of oc per share
on the* 14th Inst.
The Gas Consumers' Association will pay
the usual dividend of 15c per share this nionth.
The last monthly report from the Alaska
Treadwell mine is the first under the heavy
addition to the crushing power. There are two
mills in operation, the original one of {40
stamps and the new one of .'l'm stamps, the
latter being run with water power. This, how
ever, can only be done through a portion of
the year. Last month the two mills crushed
54.376 tons of ore of the realizable value of
$92,000. There were 1090 tons sulphurets saved
of the realizable value of $40. 76". making a
total for the month of $132,760. The actual bul
lion shipments for the month was $141. the
largest in a long time, if not the largest ever
reported. The expenses for the month in round
numbers were $37,500. Considering the amount
of ore handled this shows a cost of only 69c
per ton.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, August I—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Reel. As*.
Bonds— -Mutual El Co. 14 15
Is quar coup. .112 — ; Oakland Gas.. 47% 48
Is quar reg...—. — ; Pac Gas Imp.. 71 —
4s quar new.. — — Pac 1. Co 42 '— .
3s quar coup..IOSVA — S I" Qft E 70% 71
Miscellaneous— ban Fran 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab i 5.115 — i-jtockton Gas.. Vl" —
C C Wat 05.. .110% — I Insurance—
r. Lft F ...l2o'/_ - Firem's Fund. 222.4 —
F & Cl Ry 6s. — 118 j Bank Stocks-
Beary-st X is. — _•;, ■ Anglo-Cal 66 —
H C ft S sfes.ln7>4 - Bank of Ca1.. 275 255
L A Ry 5s 106> 4 l r '7 :>,::■. 1> <__ T. . - us
L, AL Co Us., -jj - First Nat10n1..227"^.23S
Do gntd Cs.. '.<» — Lon Pft A . . . . 129% 120
Do gntd 55.. — 100 Mer Exchange — io"
Market-st 65... 126% - Nev Nat 8k...152 —
Do Ist M .->yllt.' 4 — ■ Savings Bank*—
NO NG H -73.110 - Ger S & L..1830 1700
N Ry Cal 65.. — 114 jHuin .-" ft L.l'.iu UM
NR of Cal a 5 .114% — Mutual Say.. — '-U
N i'CRHfe. - — jS F Say U.. 500 520
NP C R R'55.106 — |B ft L 50.... — 82%
N Cal X X 68.111 — Security si ii — 3ou
f"> GLft H ns.lll — (Union T Co.. — 1465
Oak Transt 65. 110 — | Street Railroads—
Om C Ry 6a...126%130 'California ....116 —
P&CI Ry 68.106 107% l.arv 50 -
Fft(J 6s Ho — Market-st 61% 62>-_
Powell-st 65... 118 lilhi JakS LftH. — —
Sac El Ry ss. — — Presidio — 16
S F ft N P ss. 11."% — I Powder—
SFft S JV05.114% — ralifornta .... — —
Sierra R Caltts.l>to% — E Dynamite... 85 —
SPof A 65... 112 113 Giant Con Co. 73% 73%
S P C 1905). 112 112%, Vigorit 2% —
S P C te(l9M). — 114% Sugar—
BP C 6*0912). — 122% Hana P C 0.... 16 16%
S Cls eg os. — 1«7% Haw C&S C. '<'•'•. —
B'P Br 6s - 123% Hutch S P Co. 31% 31%
S V Wat 65. ...116 — Kilauea S Co. — 30
S V Wat is. ...104% — Makaweli SC. 47', —
SV W 4"5(3dm)101% — Onomea S Co. 37 37%
Stktn Gas 65. .102& — [Paauhau S P. 37% 3S
Water Stocks— ! Miscellaneous-
Contra Costa.. 76 76% Al Pac A55n.. 110%117
Matin Co SO - tier Ld Vks.-ffiO —
Spring Valley. 102%102%' Mer Ex Assn. — 105
Gas and Electric— i Oceanic S Co. — 90
Capital Gas... — — IPac A F A.... 1% —
Central O Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co. — 130
Cent L ft P... — 7 far Paint Co.. 8% —
Equit G L Co. 3 — i
Morning Session.
Board — ■
25 Giant Powder Con 3 50
$1000 Market St By con 5 per cent bds...H6 2.) -
IE Onomea Sugar Co 38 12%
10 Onomea Sugar Co 88 00
16 Onomea Sugar Co 37 87%
I.' < tnomea Sugar Co 37 62%
35 Onomea Sugar Co 37 50
2.*. Paauhau s P Co 38 2 ->
125 Paauhau S P Co 2S 00
in,! Pacific Aux Fire Alarm - 0-1
$1000 S P of a bonds 112 50
S3 X V Water 152 25
10 S V Water ""-' CO
2 S V Water 101 To
Street—
30 Pacific Coast Borax 134 00
Afternoon Session.
Board — j
5 Contra Costa Water 76 25
50 Equitable Gas 3 12& |
100 Equitable Gas '3 03 .
50 Giant Powder Con 73 ...
10 Giant Powder Con 73 87%
5 Hana Plantation Co 16 25 '
100 Hana Plantation Co .' 16 00
100 Hutchinson S I' Co, b 30 31 87% I
50 Hutchinson S P Co, b3O 31 73 '
200 Hutchinson S P Co, b 30 31 62%
100 Hutch'lnson 9 P Co 31 ■•>
p... Market Street Railway.... 62 00
25 Onomea Sugar Co 37 23 ,
', Paauhau SP Co 38 25 i
350 Piauhau SP Co 38 00 j
75 Paauhau S PCo 37 7". !
ICO Paauhau 8 P Co 37 87%
50 Paauhau S P Co, b 5 38 00 :
150 Paauhau S P Co, b 30 88 25
50 Paauhau S P Co, b 10 38 00
Street -
$7000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent b0nd5... 114 25
$9000 S F ft S J V bonds 115 00
■:,-.•.• -',
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE i
V BOARD.
Mornng cession.
Board —
30 Contra Costa Water 7G 50
20 Contra Costa Water 76 62. _
150 Equitable Gas 3 50
40 Giant Powder Con 74 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 37 00
! 20 Oakland Gas 48 00
50 Makaweli Sugar Co 47 c ~7'i
50 Makaweli Sugar Co 4S 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Equitable Gas 3 37.;
20 Giant Powder Con 74 00
15 Onomea Sugar Co 37 87*4 I
10 S V Water 102 12, 3 j
10 S V Water 102 25 !
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 20 200 Hale & Norcrs. 34
100 Best & Belcher «4 * 200 Potosi 491
50 Best & Belcher «3 300 Potosl 47
300 Caledonia 69 100 Seg Belcher OS
400 Con Cal & V...2 10 200 Sierra Nevada. 61
100 Gould & Curry. 41 100 Yellow Jacket.. 34
Afternoon Session.
600 Andes 221 450 Mexican 6.1
100 Best & Belcher «6; 1100 Ophir 115
10") Best & Belcher 67 900 Potosl Jl
100 ("hollar 25 300 Savage 25
250 Con Chi & V...2 15 4'""*- Savage 24
300 Gould eSr Curry. 45 400 Union Con 39
500 Hale & Norcrs. : 4 60') Yellow Jacket.. 37
300 Justice "7 i
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock '.
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 "Best & Belcher 651 800 Potosl 47
450 Con Cal & V...2 10 400 Potosi 48 I
500 Justice OS 200 Sierra Nevada. 61
400 Ophir 11" 400 Syndicate 09
Afternoon Session.
1200 Andes 22 750 Justice 08
600 Best & Belcher 66 200 Ophir 1 12\_
400 Bullion 09 400 Ophir 115 ,
400 Chollar 25 6'"* Overman 12
50 Con Cal it V.2 12' : 600 Potosi 50 I
1000 Con <"al & V...2 la 500 Savage 24 I
400 Con Cal & V.2 17% 1100 Sierra Nevada. 62 !
400 Con Cal & V.. .2 20 200 Union Con 3? :
500 Hale & Norcrs. 36
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, August I—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. i Bld.Ask.
Alpha — OB Justice 07 OS
Alta OS 09 Kentuck 05 "6
Andes 22 23 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 28 29 Mexican 61 62
Rest & Belcher 65 66 Occidental 22 25
Bullion OS 09|Ophir 115 120
Caledonia ■- 75 Overman 12 13
Chollar 25 '-''"• P..t..si 50 52
challenge Con. 29 3i>,Savage 24 25
Confidence 90 95: Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & V...2 20 2 2."> Seg Belcher 07 OS
Con Imperial... '"1 02 Sierra Nevada. 62 63
Crown Point... 2S 29 Silver Hill 02 03
Eureka C0n.... JO — Syndicate 07 —
Con New York. — 03 Standard ..2 60 —
Exchequer — 04 st Louis — 12
Gould & Curry. 44 45, Union Con 3S 3:1
Hale & Norcrs. 34 35 Utah 11 13
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 36 37
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
in the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Imperial ....I 42 ).. July 171.. Au?. W <H
t & Belcher..! 67 I.. July 30!. . Auk. 251 10
tioe I S3 1.-Augr. r. 1 . .Aucr. 2!>i 10
lir I 75 I..Auc 61..Aug.2S IS
ha ' 22 I.. Aug. 12!.. Sept. 71 03
ifljer ' fi i I-.Auk. H ..s?r,t. 8 10
r:< Nevada....' n<s I..Anor.lC!..B«Dt. 7i Vt
illeag? ! 27 I..Augr.l«i|.. Sept. 141 \4
,'lar ! 4» |.. Aug. 2lj.. Sept. U| 13
Expense of a London Season.
The programme for a social season in
London is exceedingly interesting at first
sight, but when one realizes it must be
repeated by each newcomer and aspirins
millionaire it Is evident that "society"
'soon becomes a drug to the freshest indi
vidual. In the first place, a house must
I be taken at any coat; then a series of
i magnificent dinners laid out, then a series
\ of "at homes." with the most famous
celebrities on the stage, dramatic and
I lyric, to "draw" the fine world: then a
1 similar series of dances must be arranged,
with a splendid $100,000 hall bringing up
; the rear. Besides these actual necessities
.; there must be shooting boxes and salmon
i fishing privileges secured, to which shall
• be invited the choicest of new friends, not
! ii"si' you want their company, but
; because it is the thing to invite them.
'■ Having issued this programme for the
! social magnates the multi-millionaire sit.-,
j back and twirls his thumbs while his sec
| retary pays the bills.— Boston Herald.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
August, 1599.
Sa.iMo.j
i
|Tii. We !Th
S S» 1U
15 jIH IT
22 i .'3 j.24
29 30 131
Sa. ' Moon 4 * Phase?.
; .5 1 0 Moot,
Vi/ a i gust 6
12 : — —
. -^Frpt Quarter.
j'j jSf August 14.
Ilia" /^n Full Moon .
I \*£r ' August .O.
I (ft Last Quarter,
l^ii- August 21.
6 j 7
13 14
lo" 21
4 i
11
is i
?5
I
— :
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
August 1. 1899. • ■ . ;', r-
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
I Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N.. in charge. -
AUCTION SALES.
fe fe &*
\A7. F». mcCORD
With Carload of
DRAY. RIDING AND DRIVING
HORSES
MT AUCTION,
At 11 o'clock A. M
THURSDAY .AUGUST 3, 1899
CI ASK ft MENDENHALL.
17.2 Market street, near Van Ness avenue.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by offlclal au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide ls the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2.
Sun rises -. \\
Sun sets 7 ;;
Moon rise? \:?.t a. m.
O jTiraej (Time! Time| |Time|
£. ! 1 Ft. — Ft. - Ft.
• |L W H W I, W H WJ
i ...' 2:5?'— n.3 10:01 4.4 I:l« 3.1 8:33
3 ... 1:421—0.6 10:42' 4.6 3:101 3.0 9:20 5.?
4 ... 4-2!:— 0.5 U:l» 4.8 !:59 Z. 9 10:05 5.8
5 ... 4:641—0.4 I J . -" • • i U 2.6 10:49 5.7
6 ... 8:23 —0.3 12:181 I 11:26 5.5
7 ... 5:51 0.0 12:45 5.2 6:01 2.1| |
II W I, W II U I. \V
"5 ... »:86| .' -.'■ 6:M 0.2| l:10| 5.3 6:12 l.»
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the eat ly morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the.
day In the order cf occurrence as to time. Th*
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th?
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United State? Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— 1 precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane ._
reference Is the. mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. ■ I Due.
Chas. Nelson.. Michael 'Aug. 2
Sunol ''ray? Harbor Aug. 2
Mackinaw iTaeoma Auc 2
Robt. Adamson.|Nanaimo lAug. 3
Baracouta [Acapulco. Auk. 3
Arcata ICoos Bay Aug. 2
North Fork IHumholdt Auk;. 2
Weeott IHumboMt Aug. 3
Coos Bay [Newport Aug. 3
State California' Portland Aug. 3
Progreso [Seattle Auk. 3
Aloha .Point Arena Aug. 3
Corona San Diego (Aug. i
Point Arena Point Arena Aug. 4
Willamette [Seattle lAuet. 4
Bristol : rv->part'ire Bay I An?. 4
Empire 'Coos Bay |Aug. 4
Hongkong: Maru'China and Japan lAng. S
Thyra IChina and Japan Aug. 5
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 5
Walla Walla... I Victoria & Puget Sound Ausr. 5
Bonita I Newport : Auc fi
A. Blanchard.-.lCoos Bay 'Aug. «
Samoa IHumholdt Aug. S
San Jose Panama Aug. 7
Crescent City..'. 'Crescent City Aug. 7
Fulton Portland Aug. 7
Wellington (Departure Bay ! Aug. 7
Columbia Portland Aug. «
Santa Rosa iSan Diego |Aug. S
Steamer.
From.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steam»r I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
I__ t I I
bertha [St. Michael... I Aug. 2, 2 pmiPier 3*
■Samoa. IHumboldt Auk. 2, 10 ami Pier 2
Santa Rosa|San Dlpko Aug. 2. 11 am' Pier 11
"oqullle R.lGrays Harbor Auk. 2, 2 pmlPler 2*
Pomona ...Humholdt Auc. 2. 2 Pier 9
!unol Gray? Harbor Auk. 2.12 mlPier IS
\rcnta [Coo» Bay Auk. 4. 10 amiPler 13
"•oos Bay... 'Newport Aug. 4, 9 amiPler 11
Jlty PueblajVic & Pet Sd. Auk. 4, in amiPler 9
Vewburgr ..IGrays Harbor! Auk. 4. Bpm!
IVeeott IHumboldt |Aup. 4, 2 Pier IS
Tlty Peking China&JapanlAuK. 5, 1 pmjPMSS
'"orona San D1pk0:.... ! Auk. 6. ltamlPier 11
:tate of Cai 'Portland lAuk. 6. 10 amlPier 2t
Molia (Point Arena. .|Auk. "■ 3 pm Pi«r 2
-. Arena.. l Point Arena. .l Auk. 7. 2 pmfPier 2
ru'racao ...'Mexico ....lAuk. 7, T» am Pier 11
V Blanch'dlCoos Bay (Aug. 7, 10 am!Plf»r 13
ionita Newport lAuk. s . 9 amiPler H
'an Bias... (Panama.. I. .{Aug. 8,13 mjPMSS
'ultnn lOreKon Ports.! Auk. 9 !
?aellc irhina&JarianlAiiK. 9. 1 pm!PMSS
Valla WalllVlc & Pst Sd.jAuK. <). in amlPier 1
loana [Sydney (Augr. P. 2 pm'Pler 7
Columbia ..Portland Audi. 10 am|Pipr 24
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, August 1.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld. 85 hours from
Tacoma.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, 94 hours
from Nanaimo.
Tug Hercules. Randall, 50 hours from San
Pedro.
Ship Louis Walsh, Gammons. 9 days from
Tacoma.
Br ship Aristomene, Young, 76 days from
Iqulque.
Gr ship Flottbek, Schoemaker, 149 days from
Hamburg.
Fr bk Marguerite, Dollfus, 132 days from
Swansea.
Schr Eclipse. Forest, 63 hours from Eureka.
Schr J B Leeds, Neilsen, 10 days from Ta
coma. . ---.
Schr Winchester, Huhs, 15 days from Unga.
Schr Pioneer, Mikkelsen, 7 days from Co
lumbia River.
Schr S Donielson, Crangle, 7 days from
Siuslaw.
Schr Dora Bluhm, Jorgenson. 10% days from
Port Blakeley.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, August L
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Indiana, Morle, Manila; U S Govern
ment.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Flotcher, Nanaimo;
Pacific Improvement Company.
SAILED.
yy : .\j . Tuesday, August 1.
Stmr Indiana. Morle. Manila, via Honolulu.
Stmr Columbia, Green. Astoria.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Slmr Aloha, Jorgensen, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Washtenaw. Croscup, Tacoma.
Stm!' Ruth, Lundquist. .
Stmr Brunswick, Andersen, Astoria.
Stmr Whitesboro. Johnson, .
Nor stmt Tltania, Egenes, Nanaimo.
Bktn City of Papeete, Berude. Tahiti.
Schr Nettie LOW, 1/eeW. Point Reyes.
Schr J Eppinger, Colstrup. Fish Rock.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Reliance, Skipper, Fish Rock.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug. 1. 10 p. m.— Weather
fogey; wind SW; velocity 14 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Orange Branch loads lumber at Port
land for a Chinese port.
SPOKEN.
June SO, lat 13 S. long 30 W— Br bk Inverurie,
from Antwerp, for Port Los Angeles.
DOMESTIC TORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug I— Bktn
Wlllip.m Carson, from Port Blakeley, for Syd
ney. ■•■•-■■■.
Sailed Aug I— Bktn William Carson, from
Blakeley, for Sydney.
COOS- BAY— Sailed Aug I— Stmr Areata, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug I— Stmr Farallon,
from Alaska (slightly damaged).
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Aug I— Stmr
Rival, from Fort Bragg.
Sailed Aug I— Stmr Rival, for .
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Aug I— Stmr Alcazar,
hence July 27.
ASTORlA— Arrived Aug I— Stmr G W Elder,
from Alaska. Bktn Chehalis. hence July 11.
Sailed Aug I— Stmr State of California, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 1-Stmr Weeott,
hence July CO. Tug Columbia, with dredger
111 tow.
Sailed Aug Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco.
MENDOCINO -Arrived Aug I— Stmr Toint
Arena, hence July 31.
Sailed Aug I— Schr Golden * Gate, for San
Francisco.
CASPAR— SaiIed Aujr I— Stmr Cleone, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug I— Stmr Rival,
from Port Los Angeles.
P" d Aug I— Schr Alice, for Eureka.
. FOREIGN PORTS. ; ; . : *<
MANlLA— Arrived Aug I— U S stmr Penn
sylvania, hence July 1.
"Sailed July 31 L* S stmr Grant, for San
Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrive.'. Aug I— Br stmr Cop
tic, hence July 14.
Sailed July 30— Stmr china, for San Fran
cisco.
DUNGENESS— Passed July 31— Br thip Mat
terhorn. from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE— SaiIed July 24— Bk Abby
Palmer, fcr Honolulu.
AUCKLAND— Arrived July 31— Stmr Mari
>.. -. hence July 13.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed July 2S— Stmr San Juan,
for' Panama.
DEPARTURE BAY— Arrived Aug I— Ship
Charmer, hence July 11. ..".-.'.:?
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug I— Stmr Western
land, from Antwerp. :>*';■.;
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BOULOGNE— SaiIed Aug I— Stmr Patricia,
f, r New York.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Aug I— Stmr Penn
sylvania, from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed July 31— Stmr Bre
men, for New -York.WILSON WANTS TO BE
TRIED IMMEDIATELY
Anxious to Answer for
the Killing of
Kavanaugh.
— ♦ —
Frank Connolly Corrobo
rates Bailey's Story of
the Shooting.
4)
WHEN John Wilson was ar
\\ \y raigned before Judge Mo
\Jl\Jf gan yesterday morning for
\J Vi the murder of Walter Kav^
anaugh he requested the
court to give him an immediate hear
ing, as his plea was self-defense. The
Judge instructed the defendant and
set the case on Thursday morning's
calendar for preliminary examina
tion. Coroner Hill will hold the Inquest
to-day.
Walter Kavanaugh. th.- murdered
man, has caused the police of three
counties considerable trouble during
his brief career. His picture graces
the rogues' tilery, he having been
committed to the Reform School at
"Whittier when he was but 16 years of
age. After serving his time there Kav
anaugh fell Into the hands of the Ala
meda authorities and was sent to San
Quentin to serve a term of ten. years
MEN FOR RAILROAD WORK.
Construction Force on the Gap Re
ceives Additions.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. I.—Seventy
five men arrived from Los Angeles to-day
fr.r tho railroad amps of Ramish &
Marsh and McCormick on the Ellwood-
Sur' extension. The Southern Pacific has
ordered its sub-contractors to put on all
the men possible and rush the work of
construction. Already Stone & McMurtrie
have opened two large construction camps
on the. Santa Anita rancho, through which
the road will run for a distance of seven
teen miles. The great viaduct over Honda
Creek has been completed and now trains
are running some distance this side of the
viaduct. The stone work at this end of
the gap has been delaying the work of
construction, but a large number of extra
stone masons will soon be put at work
at or near Ellwood. and thus will keep
pace with the work of grading. All the
saloons at the northern end of the line,
which have annoyed the contractors s.i
much, have had their licenses revoked and
all new camps have an anti-saloon clause
in heir contracts.
STARVING TO DEATH.
Woman Claims to Be Collis P. Hunt
ington's Cousin.
NEW YORK. Aug. 1- Mrs. Ella B.
Crawford, who says she is a cousin of
Collis P. Huntington, was brought to the
Beilevue Hospital to-day weak from lack
of nourishing food. , .
She is 63 years old. She has tried to
clothe and feed herself on $6 a month.
Wilson at Los Angeles.
I.OS ANGELES, Aug. I.— Secretary of
Agriculture Jam' Wilson arrived in this
city from the north at 9 o'clock this morn
ing. He was met at the depot by a com
mittee from the Chamber of Commerce
and escorted to the chamber and later to
his hotel. This afternoon he was driven
to points of interest in the city and to
night a reception was tendered to him at
the 1 amber.
Foreclosing on Rose Estate.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. I.— The Farmers*
and Merchants' Bank of this city to-day
filed suit against Amanda Rose, executrix
of the estate of the late Senator L. J.
Rose to foreclose two mortgages, which
aggregate 5264,237 15. The mortgages are
secured by .ill the property of the late
horse breeder and rancher. The bank asks
that a receiver be appointed.
Reed in London.
LONDON^ Aug. I.— Thomas B. Reed,
former Speaker of the United States
House, of Representatives, and Joseph 11.
Choate United States Embassador, oc
cupied seal in the distinguished strang
ers' gallery of the House of Commons to
day The son of the Right Hon. William
Court Gully, Speaker of the House of
Commons, accompanied them.
Gambling Games Closed.
PLACERVILLE. Aug. I.— Sheriff Bos
quit to-day closed all of the banking and
percentage games at the various resorts
In this city. For a long time but little at
tention has been paid by local sports to
the State statutes relating to gaming.
The Sheriff declares that in the future he
will compel a strict observance of the
law.
__ «.
Boundary Dispute.
PARIS. Aug. I.— At the session to-day
of the Anglo-Venezuelan Boundary Ar
bitration Commission the argument of M.
Mali tx-Pn the secretary of the
commission, was confined to evidence
sinewing that after 761 the whole trade of
Guiana was In th*-- hands of Spain.
Barn and Hay Burned.
REDWOOD CITY. Aug. I.— The large
hay barn of Paul Heityberg in the East
Greenwood tract, a few miles from here,
was totally destroyed last night by fire,
together with its entire content*, includ
ing 100 tons of hay.
Humphrey Hicks Dead.
WOODLAND, Aug. I.— Humphrey Hicks,
one of the oldest residents of this county,
died at Willow Oak Park suddenly Mon
day afternoon of paralysis of the heart.
He was prominent in the Masonic frater
nlty and other fraternal societies.
♦ —
Andrew Carnegie Thanked.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. I.— The library trus
tees to-day Bent a cablegram to Andrew
Carnegie .'king him for his tender of
JSO (i) 0 for a library building for th>» city
and formally accepting the generous gift.
The trustees issued a call for proposals
for •■ site for the new library. and they
may be made until August 4.
Pacific Coast Boad Heard.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. I,— The superin
tendent of the Pacific Coast Railroad ap-.
peared before the State Board of Equalt
for picking a woman's pocket in Oak
land. Kavanaugh donned his stripes
on May 5. 1893, but on January 13, 1894,
he was transferred to the Preston
School of Industry at the request of
the Humanitarian Society.
Kavanaugh next gained notoriety in
Nevada City, where he was employed
as a night clerk at the Union Hotel.
About 3 o'clock one mortdng he
aroused the sleeping occupants of the
hotel by emptying his revolver into
the v alls of the hotel office
Frank Connolly, living at 900 Illinois
street, will bean Important witness for
the defense. He was with Kavanaugh
at the time of the shooting and had
been with him all evening. When
Kavanaugh accosted Wilson at the
corner of Mason and Ellis streets Mon
day night Connolly was present and
attempted to establish friendly rela
tions between the pair. According to
' zation to-day and submitted a statement '
iof the condition of his road. He said the
j road was old and had depreciated in value.
■ The rolling stock was from seven to twen
| ty years old. and the average life of a
railroad in his portion of the State was
about ten years. lb- said the road was in
such a condition that it would cost a large
amount of money to repair it, and that to
keep it in good condition it was necessary
to put down from 15,000 to 18.000 ties every
year. The road runs from Port Harford,
San Luis Obispo County, to Olives, Santa
Barbara County. •
«
BACK FROM THE WARS.
Citizens of Gait Welcome Sergeant
Thomas McKinstry.
LODI. Aug. 1. -The citizens of Gait are
nothing if not patriotic. To-night that
town was all ablaze In welcome to Ser
geant Thomas Kinstry, just home from
the wars. McKinstry arrived In San Fran
cisco along with the other members of
the California Signal Corps, in which
branch he saw hard service in the Phil
ippines. He was one of the first to enlist.
The ovation was a surprise- to the ser
geant, from whom it had been carefully
concealed. Southern Sacramento County
and Northern San Joaquin were repre
sented In the throne which met and wel
comed the returning hero, who had gone
out a private and returned with chevrons
fen his sleeves. It was a great night for
Gait, and the patriotic citizens could not
do enough for the success of the affair.
At 8 o'clock a public reception was held
in the roomy parlors of the new hotel,
and the place could not begin to accom
modate the crush. National colors were
everywhere and beautiful floral decora
tions lent an air of charming beauty to
the scene. Short speeches were made and
then the gathering nearly shook the
young man s right arm off and poured
out cheerful words of congratulation.
Th*. soldier boy was the recipient of some
valuable presents.
Among the notables present was on
gressman de Vries, who later made the
speech of the evening. At 10 o'clock the
gathering adjourned to the banquet hall,
where supper was served amid a verita
ble garden of flowers, shrubs and ever
green. .-•■"■_  , , , .
To suitably conclude the eventful night,
the guests repaired to the dance hall,
Where a special orchestra had been sta
tioned, and passed the night in the mazy
whirl.
LOSES ALL HIS GRAIN.
Pent Fires Ignite the Field of an
Island Farmer.
STOCKTON. Aug. I.— Another fir*
broke out to-day on the new reclama
tion district of Union Island, where the
peat is afire and has been burning since
last spring at unknown depths. To-day
100 acres of grain owned by a farmer
named ,M..ran went up in smoke. This
whs Moran's entire crop. He has been
unfortunate with fires this summer,
this being the third on his place. Own
ers of steam harvesters on the re
claimed land are using every possible
precaution to prevent fires, and have a
bucket brigade following the. machines
to put out any sparks that may fall.
The general belief Is that most of the
fires on reclaimed lands come from the
deep peat-burning furnaces.
NO ALLIANCE ANTICIPATED.
Argentine Republic and Brazil Sim
ply Want New Treaties.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Cor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, Aug. I.— Although
there were rumors about an alliance be
tween the Argentine Republic and Brazil,
it is quite certain now that the Presidents
will not discuss this point, In view of the
opposition of nubile opinon.
President Rocs has declared that the ex
clusive object of his visit to Montevideo
and Rio Janeiro Is to foster the friendship
of the two rations and to bring about
commercial treaties.
BIG PBICE FOB A HOBSE.
Twenty Thousand Dollars Paid for
the Pacer Joe Patchen.
COLUMBUS, ".. Aug. I.— C. W. Marks
sold his great pacer, Joe Patchen. 2:01 1 4.
this afternoon to Ed Mills of Boston, for
11. Y. Haws of Johnstown, Pa. Mr. Marks
says the price was (20,000 in cash.
Iron for New Warships.
PORT TOWNSEND, Aug. I.— Three
hundred tons of pig iron was shipped from
Irondale. at the head of Port Townsend
Bay, to-day to the union Iron Works at
San Francisco, to be used in the construc
tion of the war vessels being built by that
firm. This is the first shipment made
from that point for several years.
Uncle Sam Buys a Hospital.
PORT TOWNSEND, Aug. I.— The Hotel
Eisenbeis, about one and a half miles
THE SAJN KBANCIteCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2, 1899.
Connolly's story Kavanaugh admitted
having fired two shots at Wilson in
the house earlier in the evening. He.
states that after talking with Wilson
for a minute or s.i Kavanaugh as
sumed a threatening attitude and he
(Connolly) -advised Wilson to go into
the corner saloon and escape by the
back way. Wilson entered the saloon
and Kavanaugh walked up and shoved
his fist through the door and asked
Wilson if he had a gun. Wilson re
plied by saying that he was not look
ing for trouble-. Connolly also states
that he tried to push Kavanaugh away
from the door and Kavanaugh became
ugly and broke away and fired at Wil
son. Then Wilson drew his gun and
fired bach with fatal aim and Kav
anaugh fell to the floor.
This statement 'if Connolly's Is cor
roborated by S. J. Bailey, who was
with Wilson when the- shooting oc
curred.
south of this city, built during boom days
at a cost of $100,000, has been leased by
the United States Government. The hotel
is a large frame building and contains
more than 200 rooms. It is thought that
the building will be used as a hospital for!
the sick and wounded soldiers who will;
be returned from the Philippines.
Harriman Party at Portland.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. I.— The Harri
man party of scientists who went to Alas- j
ka 'en the steamer George W. Elder ar
rived here this evening. They were ten
dered a reception by the Mazamas. an or
ganization of mountains climbers, to-night
at the residence of H. L. Plttock, proprie
tor of the Oregonian. To-morrow tn.>
party will leave for the Bast.
A MONKEY IN COURT.
I "Jim," the Pet of the Oregon Regi
ment, Will Appear in Judge Mo
-1 gan's Court This Morning.
"Jim." the pet monkey of the Oregon
| regiment, is spending twenty-four hours
I in the City Prison, much against his will,
I but to-day he will rejoin his old comrades
in-arms by order of Judge Mogan.
The monkey was purchased by Private
i John E. Bebh of Company E while the;
regiment was at Cavite, and during the
many engagements in which the Ore
gonians participated "Jim" was on the
firing line and bore a charmed life. He
had for a time a companion who was
owned by Private Broden, but owing to
his destructive tendencies Broden's pet
had to be shot.
When the regiment arrived here "Jim"
was taken to the Presidio, and the first
night In camp he was stolen. His owner
and other members of the regiment
. searched everywhere for their pet. but no '
trace of him was found till Monday. A
: member of the regiment happened to go
into the bird store at 335 Kearny street
and "Jim" immediately recognized him.
The monkey was in a cage and got so ex
cited that he almost tore the cage in
pieces. The owner of the bird store said
he bough! the monkey for $5.
Bebb was notified, and he went to the
bird store yesterday, hut as he was re
i fused possession of his pet he went to
Judge Mogan's court and obtained
a search warrant. "Jim" was crazy
with delight when taken out of the bird
store and his actions at seeing again his
owner were almost human. Bebb says
, .that the whole regiment will he in court
to-day if necessary to testify in "Jim's"
favor.
A LADIES' NIGHT.
First of a Series of Open Meetings
Given by California Council of
the National Union.
The exquisitely appointed hall in the
Central block, In which the members of
California Council of the National Union
No. 530 held their meeting, was elaborate
ly decorated last night with the* American
tricolors and American flags, the occasion
for this being the first of a series of la
dles' nights given by the council fcr the
benefit of the membership and their lady
relatives and friends. Under the direc
tion of Frank B. Gibson, chairman of the
■ committee of arrangements, assisted by
1".. C. Boysen and Thomas S. Molloy,
there was given for the entertain
ment of the many present a pro
gramme- that was made up of vo
cal selections by the National
Union quartet: piano duet by Irma and
Gertrude Schultz; soprano solo. Mrs. T.
Margo; zither solo. Charles Mayer Jr.;
tenor solo, Frank Purdy of the quartet;
piano recital. Miss Lillian Davies; fifteen
minutes of fun, by William S. Hynes, and
selections by the quartet. Bach number
was received with many marks of appre
ciation tend all the performers were forced
to give an encore. Dancing and refresh
ments followed.
Garfield Belief Corps.
The ladles of Garfield Relief Corps, W.
R. •'.. gave one of their pleasant socials
last night in the Alcazar building and
there was a good attendance, not only
of the members, hut of the soldiers of the
War of the Rebellion and some, of the
veterans of the late war. There was a
good programme of dances, in which were
interspersed songs and recitations by Miss
Bwesey, Walter. Doxey, Ed Driscoll and
J. Ginger. During the evening refresh
ments were served to all. The function
was under the direction of Mrs. M. A.
O'Brien, Mrs. M. McGowan, Mrs. Caro
line Dibble, Mrs. D. Wilkins. Mrs. Nellie
Hendrickson. Mrs. Mary Souders and
Mrs. Mary B. Van Horn.
Elaborate Chinese Banquet.
A birthday banquet was tendered the
wives and children of Chinese merchants
at 906 Stockton street lust evening. The
affair was under the auspices of the Woo
family, and was pronounced one of the
most expensive and elaborate parties ever
given in the Chinese section. About fifty
persons. were seated, and the jewelry
worn by them represented " fortunes.
The most costly and fantastic raiments
adorned their persons and the sight was
quite unique.
DOLLAR LIMIT
AGREED ON BY
THE MERCHANTS
Have Got a Tax Levy |
of Their Own.
— ►_ 7
FIGURES NOT OBTAINABLE
- — ♦ — -
FIRE DEPARTMENT GETS THE
AMOUNT IT ASKED FOR.
_ 4)
Health Board Funds Increased, but
the Police, Park and School
Funds Suffer a Close
Scaling Down.
The members of the Merchants' Assocla
; tioh have agreed upon a tax levy which is j
- within the dollar limit. They will submit j
it to the Finance Committee of the Board !
of Supervisors when that body meets with
Mayor Phelan on Thursday night.
Every member of the association has j
I been pledged to secrecy concerning the l
I figures of the document; it is the inten
tion thai nothing shall become public un- j
I til the matter has been laid officially be- j
fore the committee and the Mayor. B. B. j
Fond said last night he did not think due |
courtesy would be shown the Supervisors j
if tht schedule were permitted to issue be- ,
fore that time. :■■'■.. '**;--"?
By Call representatives it was learned,
'. however, that the Fire and Health depart
ments are to be the greatest beneficiaries
: under the merchants' levy. The Fire De- ;
' partment is allowed $635,000, just $5000 less
i than it asked for; the Health Department
: fund is also Increased, but to what extent |
i could not be learned, save that the figure .
touched the thousands and would be suffi
cient to re-establish in their positions
i some of the Job-chasers lately discharged.
And the fire alarm and police telegraph
fund also gets what was asked for it with
: the exception of the $20,000 which was to ,
! have been expended in underground con- I
dints. ; _ .
Street Superintendent Fragley, who
asked for an Increase of $400,000, is not |
awarded that figure by any means, but
his appropriation is materially increased,
as is that of Assessor Dodge.
In order to provide for these depart
' ments the- association found it necessary
to scale as closely as possible the Police I
Department fund and the school fund.
It is said that the park fund also came In
for a reduction, although tee what extent
it was Impossible to learn.
What action the Board of Supervisors
i will take up6n the schedule the mer
■ chants are to submit cannot be forecasted
at this time, as even they have not been
' informed of its terms. The Finance Com
mittee Is to meet on Thursday evening to
listen to the plan which Mayor Phelan
promised to evolve, and the merchants
have decided that thai will be the most
opportune time to bring their levy to the
hoard's notice. Every plan that has been
figured "in will be brought up at the
Thursday meeting, and the board's sub
sequent action will depend upon the fig- j
ures submitted.
I WESTERFELD'S INSURANCE. j
The Executors Have Trouble Over
Two Separate Policies.
The Supreme Court has reversed the or
der of the lower court denying a new trial
in the case of Pauline Westerfeld ami
others against tin- New York Life Insur
ance Company. The plaintiffs are the ex
ecutors of the will of William Westerfeld, I
deceased, late of this city. In 1890 he took
out a policy on his li:'.' in the sum of $10,
--...... which -policy Included a provision
that at the expiration of five years from,
'■ its date- the insured might surrender the
policy and receive its then cash value.
Westerfeld paid four annual premiums
and then made an arrangement with the
company whereby the latter executed to I
him ii new policy, dated February ID, 1894,
for the same amount as the former, but
on a different plan, and the promise was I
made to him that the- company would
compute the surrender value in cash of
! the first policy and apply the surplus
! thereof above the fifth premium, to be
come due in the following April, In pay
ment of premiums on the second policy.
W< st. rfeld agreed to give up the first pol
icy as soon as its value- was determined
and due credit given. II- died on Febru
ary 18; IS»S, having in his possession both
policies, not having received any notice i
from the company.
The plaintiffs claim that the company
fused to pay any part of the policy, and
by false and fraudulent representations
Induced them to release and surrender
I both policies for the sum of wow 66. The
1 nraver in their complaint was for judg
ment for $7333 33 and interest from March,
1895 They won in the lower court. Ihe,
defense denied that any false representa
tions had been made, and if the local
agents had made an arrangement for the
surrender value of the first policy in pay
ment of premiums on the second they vio
lated the provisions of the first policy,
which allowed a surrender value to the
same only after it had been In force five
7,. -s. and the agent's acts had never
been ratified. Also, that the plaintiffs,
upon determining that they had been best
ed in the compromise, had never made of
fer to readjust by offering the amount ac
cented The action, according to the high
i er court, should have been for the dam
aces sustained by the alleged fraud. Fpr
: Dermitting these, and other errors by the
. iow.r court, the cause was remanded.
WHITE MAN'S BURDEN.
Mechanics' Institute Directors Have
Resolved to Assume It and
Provide for Arriving
Filipinos.
Whether to give a preliminary exhibi
tion of the Filipinos expected to arrive
on the Leelanaw this week for the com
ing fair formed the subject of consider
able argument at the meeting of the
board of directors of the Mechanics' In
stitute last night. There are so many of
the people from Manila coming that the
board scarcely knows what to do with
them as ii will be a month before the
fair opens. The preliminary public recep
tion in the Pavilion was finally deter
mined upon, however, and in the mean
time it was decided to lodge the Filipino
party In the Pavilion Annex. The board
awarded the prize for a poster design to
Edward Knight and for a display card to
George F. Mannel.
__ « ♦ ■
CONTINENTAL LEAGUE MEETS.
Municipal Ownership of Public Utili
ties Opposed.
The large hall In the Saratoga building.
on Geary street, wan crowded lust night
at th-- monthly meeting of the Continental
League. The gathering was what the
officers termed an open meeting, the ob
ject being to have a free discussion of the
question: "Should the City Own and Op
erate Its Electric Light, Gas and Water
Supplies?" For the affirmative Congress
man Julius Kahn and I). 1.. McKlnlay
were opposed to Major C. W. Kyle and L.
A. Gibbons. 7 77' ...
The two sides of the proposition were
discussed in an interesting manner hy the
several advocates, and at the close of the
debate the matter was submitted to the
audience for decision. The vote resulted
in 120 against and 86 In favor of the propo
sition. Songs by the Waterman sisters
and dancing followed.
Stole a Shirt Waist.
A middle-aged woman giving her name
as Alma Howard and her occupation as
that of a canvasser was arrested late
yesterday afternoon at the Emporium and
charged with petty larceny. She was seen
to pick up 8 shirt waist from one of the
counters and secrete it in her dress.
The manager of the store at once sum
moned Policeman Gibbons, who took the
woman to the City Prison. The stolen
waist was found secreted in the bustle of
her skirt.
Too Many Confessions.
Andreas Castro was convicted of steal
ing a cow- in Santa Barbara County and
sentenced to ten years in the State prison.
While Imprison Castro made a confession
to the officers upon being promised are
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
BERKELEY LOCAL CRASHES INTO REAR
OF WATER TRAIN IN BROAD DAYLIGHT
BERKELEY LOCAL TRIES TO PASS WATER CARS ON SAME TRACK.
OAKLAND, Aug. I.— Gross care
lessness, coupled with the
fact of slippery rails, was re
sponsible this morning for al
most wrecking the Berkeley
local train of three coaches, jeopardiz
ing the lives of many passengers and
injuring at least two people.
The Berkeley train was due at the
Oakland mole at 11:25 o'clock, and
shortly after passing "Death Curve" at
West Oakland, which boasts a record
for more accidents than any spot on
earth, crashed into the rear of a water
ing or sprinkling train. The sudden
collision threw passengers on the local
from their seats, piling them up in
heaps, and although, so far as could be
learned, none of these sustained injur
ies of any note, some were scratched
and slightly bruised.
The train crew, however, was not so
fortunate. Brakeman Charles Pa Wiser
was thrown from his seat against the
edge of another seat, sustaining a frac
tured rib. He was promptly conveyed
to his home, 1412 "Walnut street, Berke
ley, and a physician was summoned.
At last accounts he was resting easily,
but it is not at all definitely stated
that he did not sustain internal injur
ies as well.
ward in the form of a light sentence,
which lie understood the court would be
induced to give. In allowing certain con
fessions and excluding others the lower
court erred and the Supreme Court re
versed the judgment and remanded the
cause.
THE WARRIOR'S DEGREE.
Teams From Four Tribes Compete for
a One Hundred Dollar Prize.
Last nijrht the great chiefs and repre
sentatives tee tile- Grand Council. I. O. R.
M., assembled in Union-square Hall to
witness the- exemplification of the War
rior's Degree by teams from the Altahmos,
White Eagle, Bald Eagle and Osceola
tribes. The work was done in a manner
that showed that the several teams had
devoted a great deal of attention to the
ritual, both as to memorized work and
floor work, as well as dramatic effect.
Each team made an excellent showing as
to dramatic work, but it will remain for
the fudges to determine which made' the
fewest errors in ritualistic and in memor
ised work. The following-named jury will
announce the verdict to-day; M. L.
Wheeler, G. S. Graham. C. A. Kaighan,
O. F. Seavy. A. Rudolph. W. T. Pollett,
J. Sims. B. F. Josselyn. J. W. Tyrell, J.
Hagan, J. J. O'Hare and S. Bend,
Arrested for Blasting.
John Arrio. a bricklayer, employed in
laying a new foundation in the rear of
Goldberg, Bowen & Co.'s store on Sut
ter street, was arrested last night for
blasting within the city limits. In order
1., remove an old wall Arrio fired a blast
which shook the whole neighborhood and
also endangered the lives of people in the
vicinity. A brick was hurled the length
of the store, across Sutter street and en
tered the transom of a furniture store
and demolished several pieces of furni
ture. John F. Reilly, the contractor,
balled Arrio out immediately after he ar
rived at the California street station.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Jacob H. Bold and Joseph Bold, con
stituting the extinct firm of Bold Broth
ers of Minneapolis, made an assignment
for the benefit of their creditors several
years ago. Yesterday they filed a petition
In Insolvency In the United States Dis
trict Court to wind up the matter; liabil
ities $23,520 49; no assets.
Isador B. Green of San Francisco; liabil
ities $1652 25: no assets.
Mary E. Harris of San Francisco; liabil
ities $15,666. of which $10,000 is swing to 11.
]> Hawkes and $5000 to George W. Schell
for moneys advanced to her deceased hus
band.
Friends of the Forest.
At a meeting of Lincoln Lodge of the
Friends of the Forest in Odd Fellows'
Hall last night it was decided that in fu
ture the third Monday night of each
month shall be devoted to an entertain
ment and a social dance. The lodge was
visited by fourteen members of Pioneer
Lodge, who made a fraternal call. A
pleasant evening was spent. It was
agreed that the lodge should pay a frater
nal visit to America Lodge next Thursday
night. ■' _■'. ' :
Ran Over an Old Man. '
J Hariowitz, a boy, driver for the
Yolo Mills, ran over A. K. Goodrich,
82 years of age. on Mission street yes
terday afternoon, and as the Receiving
Hospital was closed the old man had to
be taken to his home in the patrol wagon.
Hariowitz was arrested on charges of fast
driving and battery.
COURT NOTES.
The case of Dr. C. C. J. Wachendorf.
charged with murder, which was called in
Judge Tr. ■adwell's court yesterday, had to
be continued till to-morrow owing to the
Judge's illness.
Judge Treadwell was unable to attend
court yesterday, as he was confined to
bed through sickness caused by the un
sanitary condition of his courtroom. Judge
Conlan continued the cases on his cal-
CI The"case of Cornelius Manning, charged
with the murder of Mrs. Mary Kennedy
by throwing a lighted lamp at her In his
mother's home. July 4. was called In
Judge Conlan's court yesterday morning,
but owing to a misunderstanding on the
nart of the arresting officers it was con
tinued till to-morrow morning at 11
°H OC L.' Bradford, 211 Eddy street, swore
to a complaint in Judge Treadwell s
court yesterday for the arrest of J. [•'.
Anderson his partner In the printing
business, on a charge of. threats to kill.
He said he and Anderson had a dispute
and Anderson threatened that if he at
tempted to enter the place again he wouid
blow his head off. Anderson was ar
rested
r A C Parson, father-in-law of Andrew
McCarthy, a hog butcher at 1923 Six
teenth avenue. South San Francisco,
swore to a complaint in Judge Slogan's
court yesterday for the arrest of Mc-
Carthy on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. McCarthy has been
drinking heavily of late and Monday
night grabbed a big butcher knife and
chased his young wife and # child out of
the house. "-
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
. Tuesday, August 1.
U S stmr Senator. Patterson, 82 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 22 days and Yokohama
16 days.
SAILED.
i Tuesday, August 1.
Stmr Noyo, Winkel, Fort Bragg.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Aug I— Br stmr Port Al
bert. Stmrs Al-Ki and Elihu Thomson, from
Seattle. HARBOR-Arrlved July 31-Schr
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 31— Sehr
Palsy Rowe. hence July 13. Schr C A Thayer,
from Suva. FIJI.
Sailed July Schr Wing & Wing, for San
Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. 7: 77
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Aug I— Stmr Serval,
for New York. ;,v* .-.
Conductor Christopher Cottrell, who
was In charge of the Berkeley local,
was also thrown violently to the floor
of his car, and was unable to resume
his run. He too was removed to his
home, 1.133 Henry street, Berkeley,
where he is now under the care of his
physician. The extent of his Injury has
not been ascertained as yet.
The collision occurred almost directly
in front of Tower House 2. The water
ing train, made of a locomotive and
three flatcars provided with large iron
cylindrical tft'nks formerly used for the
transportation of oil, had just made a
run to "West Oakland, watering the
roadbed, and was on its journey back
to the mole. It had no sooner taken to
the Berkeley track than the local from
the university town came speeding
along, moleward-bound at a fair rate.
Engineer "Dad" Bryan, who held the
throttle on engine 1286, drawing the
Berkeley local, states that he thought
the watering train was making for the
mole at a good speed, and he was to
tally oblivious of any danger immi
nent. Suddenly he realized that he was
gaining too rapidly on the watering
train, and when his train approached
closer proximity to it he applied the
air "brakes, so he says, but it was too
CULMINATION OF A
KLONDIKE ROMANCE
MISS IDA LUCE WANTED A MAN
WITH A FORTUNE.
Morris Baxter Went to Klondike not
to Return Until He Had a .Sack
of Nuggets for Her.
ALAMEDA. Aug. I.— The final act In a
Klondike romance was performed In Ala
meda last night, when Morris W. Baxter
of Dawson City and Miss Ida Luce of
Wheatland were united in marriage. The
nuptial knot was tied at the home of the
bride's cousin, Fred J. Whiting, 1210 Ver
sailles avenue. Rev. John Hahnon olficiat-
Ing.
Mr. Baxter and his bride met several
years ago at Wheatland, It was a case of
love at first sight on his part, and he
"popped the question" without much de
lay. .Miss Luce took a fancy to Baxter
but told him that he did not have enough
of this world's goods to support a wife.
and she refused to accept him until he
had accumulated sufficient capital to as
sure them a good start in life. She heard
but little of Baxter from that day until
last Friday, when he arrived from the
Klondike on the steamer Humboldt. He
had been fortunate In the northern gold
diggings and returned a capitalist. He
telegraphed Miss Luce that he had won
a fortune and that all he required to com
plete his happiness was her hand in mar
riage. The young lady was true to her
promise, and as soon as she heard from
Baxter she hastened to Alameda, where
the marriage ceremony was performed.
The groom is a cousin of Clarence Berry
of Fresno, one of the original lucky min
ers of the Klondike region. Mr. and Mrs.
Baxter will reside in Wheatland.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE
OPENS FOR FALL TERM
OAKLAND. Aug. I.— St. Mary's College
opened for the new term to-day and a
large number of students were enrolled.
The attendance this term will exceed any
previous record.
The faculty for the term is as follows:
Brother Walter, director and professor
of mental and moral philosophy; Brother
Benedict, sub-director and professor of
Latin and Greek; Brother Agnin, pro
fessor of higher mathematics and as
tronomy: Brother Joseph, professor of
history. Latin and Greek; Brother I'ir
mian. professor of German and curator or
museum; Brother sablnian, treasurer;
Brother Lascian, prefect of studies and
disciplinaries; Brother James, registrar;
Brother William, special instructor;
(her Leo. professor of physics and
chemistry; Brother Euphrasuis. professor
of bookkeeping and common law; Brother
Hyacinth, stenography and typewriting;
Brother Hugh. bookkeeping; Brother
Paul. English and mathematics: Brother
Phillips. English and mathematics;
Professor W. F. Damas. French and
Spanish; Professor W. J. McCormack,
rhetoric, history and elocution; Professor
C. B. Mahon, English literature and
ancient '.'lassies; Professor F. Schorcht,
musical director and instructor: Pro
fessor M. F. Bender, painting and draw
ing; Dr. J. Maher. attending physician;
Rev. J. J. Cranwell. college chaplain.
SHE PLEADED MERCY
FOR RECREANT LOVER
OAKLAND. Aug. I.— Frank Mott, the
gripman who, after attempting suicide
last week, was surrendered by his bonds
men, appeared in the Police Court to-day
to answer the charge of assault with a
deadly weapon upon Miss Eliza Schom
berg last May, and his trial was continued
until August IS. He was, moreover, re
leased on his own recognizance. Miss
Schomberg. the object of Mott's Infatua
tion and on account of whom he attempt
ed to end his life because she had written
to his wife in Dcs Moines, lowa, telling
about his adventures here, appeared in
court also, but was very relenting. The
sight of her ex-lover appealed to her
compassion, and before many minutes she
urged Prosecutor Leach to have the case
of her recreant lover dismissed. The con
tinuance, coupled with the fact of his
release on his own recognizance, may, it
is believed, prove quite equal to the young
woman's request.
DB. BITTEB TO BETUBN.
The Professor of Zoology at Berkeley
. Bids Adieu to the Harriman
Scientific Expedition.
BERKELEY. Aug. I.— Professor W. E.
Ritter at the department of zoology at the
University of California is expected to ar
rive in Berkeley next Thursday.
Much interest attaches to Professor Rit- <
ter's return, he hieing the University of j
California's representative upon the cele
brated Harriman scientific expedition,
which has been exploring Alaska and the
Aleutian Islands during the months of <
June and July. Dr. Ritter went as an
authority on zoology, and during the trip
has devoted the whole time to arduous
scientific research along the lines of his
own branch of study. He will bring back |
with him many valuable specimens to be i
placed ln the university museum, as well ;
as much new Information about the re- i
gions through which the expedition I
passed.
The party are reported to have reached j
Seattle last Sunday. They were to have j
taken steamer at once for Portland, where j
the majority of them start for the East. ■
Dr. Ritter will leave the party at Port
land, returning home by rail.
Funeral of Dr. J. S. Adams.
OAKLAND, Aug. I.— The funeral of the
late Dr. J. S. Adams, who died suddenly
at Calistoga last Saturday was held 'his
afternoon. Simple exercises, conducted
by Rev. Mr. Burnham of Vallejo at the
late, and the rails were wet and slip
pery from having been sprinkled, and
in the next moment the Berkeley
crashed into the rear of the water
train.
The pilot of engine 1286 was quite
badly damaged, but the engineer and
fireman escaped. The two rear water
ing cars piled one upon the other,
while the passengers in the Berkeley
coaches were panic stricken, and
quickly as possible gathered them-^
selves together and jumped from the
train helter-skelter in their efforts to
escape death.
Conductor McCarthy was in charge
of the watering train, but he had no
explanation to offer further than that
which everybody realized— that the
"Berkeley hit his train."
Conductor Cottrell of the passenger
train, on the other hand, says that he
cannot account for the carelessness of
the watering crew in obstructing the
Berkeley track, when they well knew
the local was due at the time.
The wrecking train was immediately
dispatched to the scene of the collision,
and in less than an hour the wreck
was cleared away and the track opened
for traffic.
home, 514 Albion street, were followed by
rites at the Masonic Temple. The attend
ance of friends was very large and the,
floral tributes exceedingly numerous.
Arming the latter the most notable was
a great garland of St. Joseph lilies sent
by the Alameda Medical Association. The
pall-bearers were Drs. Joseph R. Brad
way, A. H. Pratt. D. D. Crowley and W.
F. B. Wakefield of the medical associa
tion and Messrs. J. L. Howard, William
I. Landis. A. L. Johnson and Congress
man Victor Metcalf, friends of deceased.
The interment was at Mountain View
Cemetery.
Free Library Privileges.
OAKLAND. Aug. I.— The privileges of
the Free Public Library have been ex
tended to the residents of Alameda Coun
ty, within the discretion of the librarian
and under the rules and regulations of
the library and upon the payment of $1
per quarter. The Board of Free Li
brary Trustees passed a resolution to that
effect to-night. It was also resolved that
new books of fiction shall hereafter be re
tained by patrons only one week, and
shall not be renewed or taken out by a
member of the same household, the word
"new!' applying to books until one year
from the date of their accession.
Organizing Board of Trade.
OAKLAND, Aug. I.— At the meeting of
merchants at Haywards, called for the
purpose of organizing a Board of Trade,
last night H. E. Bruner acted as chair
man and A. V. Morgan as temporary sec
retary. J. E. Geary. F. F. Allen, D.
Chisholm. P. Wllbert and P. J. Crosby
were appointed a committee on perma
nent organization, and G. H. Oakes. J. W.
McCoy and Dr. B. F. Simmons on con
stitution and by-laws. These committees
will meet again next Monday night,
when it is expected an organization will
be effected.
Ticket Office Bulgarized.
OAKLAND. Aug. -Thieves broke Into
the ticket office at the Fourteenth street
depot at a very early hour this morn
ing by breaking the lock on the door. The
work bore the earmarks of novices and
their labors were not rewarded by any
booty. It is presumed that, since com
muters have been buying their August
commutation tickets the past few days,
the burglars hoped that there would be
at least a snug sum on hand In the money**'
drawer.
George B. Fletcher Complimented.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club met
last night and after adopting a report of
the executive committee, In which Presi
dent George R. Fletcher w*as highly com
plimented for his work in the interest of
the Richmond district, the following offi
cers were elected: President, George R.
Fletcher, first vice president, E. Ginley;
second vice president. D. L. .Fitzgerald;
secretary, W. P. Johnson; financial secre
tary, John J. Cassidy; treasurer. Phil J.
"Ward; serjeant-at-arms. Charles Good
all; executive committee — James M. Wil
kins. Charles R. Hansen. Colonel Charles
M. Murphy. J. J. Cassidy. George Ma
goonis E. E. Gillon. James H. Dever,
Luke Battles and John T. Williams.
Promised to Marry Her.
John Donahue, a young man, wa ;
arrested last night by Policemen Koegel
and Deeley and charged with betrayal
under promise of marriage. The com
plaining witness is Sadie Lucas, aged 16
years. After the arrest of Donahue -x
crowd of young men attempted to rescue
him from "the officers, but were driven off,
not. however, until one of them was se
verely clubbed.
. — _ — _ , — ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Spanish - American
War Panorama
Is one of the war books which ls likely
to be in continuous demand. It is a
panoramic record of the triumphs of
Yankee Doodle. The eagle flaps his
wings on every page, and "Old Glory"
waves around and above every scene.
Prominent officers connected with the
war are here portrayed, as well as
many of the "men behind the guns."
Military life is pictured to the eye, from
recruiting to guard mount and skirmish
line. Nor is the ludicrous omitted. The
company cook receives the attention
due to his importance; the mess is
shown; cavalry scenes are given; the
hospital arrangements are depicted; the
heroines of the Red Cross service are
displayed; street scenes in Havana,
Santiago and elsewhere are unrolled,
the new citizens or subjects (which are
they?) of Uncle Sam appear and dis-
appear as the leaves are turned.
In a word, the gazer visits the new
localities and sees the tumultuous new
life, without the risk or expense of a
sea voyage. " r r- v " , ,_ .„
The Album is s*4xB inches, weighs 12
ounces, printed on finest coated paper.
Sent FREE to any address in the
United States. Canada or Mexico for
12 cents in stamps or coin to cover post-
age and packing. Copy may be seen at
any ticket office of the Big Four Route.
Order at once, as the edition is limited.
Address WARREN J. LYNCH. Gen-
eral Passenger and Ticket Agent "Big
Four Route," Cincinnati, Ohio.
Mark envelope "War Album."
/^_± Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary
if-^^Jafi <f)25 KEAJttjnr ST. Established
ft3*?C"^-S» ln 1884 tor the treatment ot Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 HEtBKT XT Established
tn 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Loet Manhood Debility or
fBCKnnCTI disease wearing on bodyand mind and
_*__W_____M_ Skin Plwaaeg. The doctorcures when
otb«isf«lL Try him. Charges low
SjBMBSm-. c nrntuarantffd. Ci .1 1 or write
<_>r. J. &'. ibIIBKOIT Bon 1387. Sai. Francisco
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner ('. Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clcck every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
f~ . McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
«15 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o^] 00 *-
".''4l Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 oclock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; ..pen until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES^
CALIFORNIA Council. No. IK. and •
S. M.. will meet THIS CWEDNES-^^
DAY) EVENING. August 2. at 8 _\_^\,
o'clock, for business and degrees. By *"V
order of th |.^ A NKL I N H. . DAY. Recorder.
MOUNT Morlah. Lodge, No. 44, F. and ■
\ M.— Stated meeting " Hl> -#^
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. at BTIX
o'clock. THEO. FROLICH. Sec. _______
EXCELSIOR! Lodge No. 166, F. and A. __
M.-Ptated meeting THIS fWEDNES-^J%_
DAY) EVENING, August 2. at ~:3o^^
o'clock. THEO. E. SMITH. Pec. '^T |
CBOCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. »
M— Stated meeting and D. 3d THIS -_f\_.
(WEDNESDAY! EVENING. August 2, !&_«
at 7:30 p. in. By order of the W. M, V. - F. » ■
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- fi]
Cisco Brick Layers' Association will HI .
be held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- '.___.
ING. August 2. I""'!, at B. B. Hall., 121 &5,7
Eddy st.. at - o'clock. A full attend- yjw
anoe riMjuerted. Business of import- 111
ance. E. J. BRANDON. President. ™
ANNUAL meeting The Risdon Iron and Loco- ;
motive Works— The annual meetin? of the -
stockholders of th' Risden Iron and Locomo- ■
.jtlve Works, tor the election of trustees for the j
>nsuing year and the transaction of such i
ether business as may be brought before the
meeting, will be held at the • fflce of the com- !
pany. seiiithe__3t corner of Beale and Howard J
ets Pan Francisco, on "lONDAY. the 7th ;
day of August. IS* 1 ?, at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD, Secretary.
ACCOUNT ANTS.
S. K. BALLARD. 4.' Cal. St., designs, audits & |
adjusts accounts f.»r corporations ■■■ firms; ref. ]
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma- I
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla- ;
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. i :.-.-^:* Market st.: tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; j
Do fee without success; collections. G. W. i
HOWE, atty at law. 5.50 Market, cor. Stocktn. j
NAGLE & NAGLE, Attorneys-at-Law. Emma I .
Spreckeis Buildlne. 927 Market st. '■
J. R. PARKER. 916 Market st., room 67; advice i
free; charges low; business pushed. '
L. P. CLARK— Emma Spreckeis building. 927 .
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
A I' VICE free: m charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
= I ;
BOARD AND ROOMS.
|
AT 415 First st -Nicely furnished rooms, with j ,
beard, $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— Strictly flrst-class; 1714 '
Market St.. S. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single ( -
or en suite: board and room. $1 per day up; . '
suites without board. $1 per day; single rooms. :
50c; special rate, by month, also to tourists. , _
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean comfortable rooms: j
gcod home cooking; special rates to gents. .j
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches. |
SUNNY home for children, near school; large . ■
grounds; mother's care; $3 to $10 per month.
MIP? WILSON. 13S West Mission, near 13th. j
SETTER. 112">— Lovely sunny rooms with board; j I
pretty garden; home ting.
TURK. 116— Wanted, table . rders, weekly or i
.monthly: hest table: no Chinese ..-e-ioklng. j
BOARDING FOR CHILDK-TN.
GOOD home for two children over two years i
old. 239 A Shipley st. j
VALENCIA. 20«. near Market— Comfortable
home for one or two children: private house.
.— ■ a
BOOKS— NEW AM' OLD,
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Cc. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
jV_»lfi.-K) ; CORNER grocery" and bar. with living
rooms; low rent; estab. years; first-class pay- M
ing- very best location on Hayes Bt. ; owner
to leave' the city. WILKE. 906 Market st. ;
A— s3so: BAKERY in lively country town, close
to the city; rent $20; dally sales. $20; all cash j
store trade; full value In sight. Call R. G. |
WILKE, 906 Market st. \
A— 56.-.0; SALOON: elegantly furnished; estab-
'lish'd many years and doing an average |
' -"business of $15 per day; card rooms: cash .
register; safe; fine oil paintings. located |',
Close to Palace Hotel; rent 450; lease. Call j
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st. I
DEATH of owner cause of great sacrifice; sa- '
loon with mercantile lunch; established years; i *
rent low; clearing above $150 per month; lease; I '
•close to Palace Hotel. Particulars of R. G. \
WILKE. 906 Market st. , .
$450— SALOON; best location on city front; sell- j '
ing on account of sickness. R. G. WILKE
_.CO.. 906 Market f;.. rooms 7 and 8. .
A— $1100; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon in ;
wholesale district; established years; clearing j ■
above $150 jeer month; only cause of sale dis- |
agreement of partners. WILKE, 906 Market. ,
$1000— WANTED— A partner to act as treas- ;
urer in a vaudeville show under circus can- :
■..•-. will guarantee profits to investor $300 ! :
per m..nth. Cal^ WILKIE & CO., 906 Market. |
jjlOO — CORNER grocery and bar, in best part j '
Western Addition: present owner there 5:
years; must be sold at once on account of , .
settlement of estate. LESS & CO., 76.*. Mrkt. I .
$700— LODGING house, li rooms; well furnished; !
excellent location; steady roomers- Al tran- j
sient trade; investigate. LESS & CO.. 765 Mkt. I
$40^— FIRST-CLAPS restaurant with 6 living I :
rooms; excellent location; well-established; j
'.receipts $15 day; must be sold; rare bargain; ,
Investigate M. LESS & CO., 760 Market st.
$150— COFFEE saloon near Wells-Fargo's new j
bldg; old estab; must be sold to-day; sickness
cause ol sale. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market. I
CITY front saloon and lunch house, billiard ;
'table, etc: clearing $100 monthly: call to- )
. day; $450. HL.vI.V, 917 Market st.
$*r,O— CORNER grocery and bar; Western Ad- j
dition: living rooms; full value in stock, etc. ! ,
Hi: A L ?i7 Market st.
$125— LADIES, attention; branch bakery, candy, •
etc.; rooms. HEALY, 917 Market st.
$175— CIGAR stand; bargain this day; depart- j
ure cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 : -_ Ma -'. 6t.
$300 — FRUIT store, doing splendid business,
with good horse ar.d wagon: owner compelled
to sell on account of sickness. McLAUGH-
LIN ft CO., 777% Market st.
TO sell cr exchange — Business, any kind. Ap-
ply V.*. B. DENNISON. 753 /4 Market st.
COAL, wood and express business clearing $150
month; established 12 .us; retiring cause
ol" sale. W. li. DENNISON. <S3'<_. Market st.
$Cw0 — CANDY, soda and ice-cream parlors in
good country town. Apply DECKER, 1020 Mkt
$1000— MEAT market; established for years;
.clearing $150 month. DECKER, 1020 Market.
$35,000— TWO free grid quartz claims; ledge 20 j
to 24 feet wide. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$400 — CANDY store. Ice cream factory; fine lo- !
. .cation; elegant fur. BECK, 935 Market st. I
WANTED— Steady man to deliver goods and
collect in light outdoor work; must be satis-
fied with BJ per week and have $70 cash.
1032 Market St.. room 4.
$350— RESTAURANT and 8 furnished rooms; 20
miles from city; regular boarders and tran-
sient trade: good reason for selling. Address
box 902. Call office.
PARTNER wanted— Well known navigator
wants a party with some capita] to Invest In
vessel property, paying large profits; Investi-
gate Address box 112.1. Call office.
$3000— DRUG .-tore In business center of Oak-
land; Invoice S3SOO; satisfactory reasons. Ad-
' dress- DRUGS, care Redlngton & Co., San
Francisco.
PARTNER in established nursery business in
Sacramento; experience more essential than
capital. Address box 160, Sacramento, Cal.
$30— LUNCH counter; must be sold to-day.
236 Third St., between 12 and 1 o'clock.
HAIRDRESSING and manicure store; fair
stock: investigate; bargain. Box 4591. Call.
CIGAR and stationary store; low rent; long
lease. 256 Third st.
PARTIES to furnish money to develop gold
mine; fortune for both. Box 1101. Call office.
A BONANZA from the grass roots; partner
j wanted, with small capital, to work sluice
claim; will pay $20 a shovel; money to be ex-
pended by Investor in ditch and sluices. M.
RUSSELL, Golden West Hotel.
ROADSIDE house In a paying locality, ex-
change for Oakland, Alameda ox* San Fran-
cisco property; $4500. Rm. 2. 1007% Market st.
WANTED— Partner in florist store, doing good
business, old established trade; or will sell.
Address box 1099. Call.
FOR SALE— Lark saloon, 12 Seventh et. Odd
Fellows' building; make offer.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continaed.
WANTED— Parties who are looking for a posi-
tive business to call .and see the greatest
money maker ever brought to this coast. We
are at the Russ House exhibiting all the
week from 10 a. m. to 4p. m. W. D. LEWIS,
Sole Agent.
$500— PARTNER wanted, good house, 60 rooms,
furnished, central; single man preferred. Box
1019. Call.
MILLINERY store; nice location; good busi-
ness; reasonable. 1034 Valencia St.
WANTED— By barber, one or two chair shop
In country town. Box 1091, Call.
BLACKSMITH shop, building, tools; country*,
clearing $200 month; cheap. MRS. E., 355
Fifth st.
GOOD barber shop for sale. Inquire 14% Mont-
gomery aye. _^
FOR sale— Grocery and liquor store; very old
stand; situated at corner of Pine and Du-
pont, city: own-rs wishing to retire from the
retail business; a good chance for one or two
persons with a moderate capital. For fur-
ther Information inquire at LENORMAND
BROS., SW. cor. Pine and Dupont sts. ,
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale ln one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars inquire at this office^
$150— RESTAURANT: bargain; must be sold: I
30 miles from San Francisco; best town In
' State: selling account of partner; make offer.
Box 146.*.. Call office. ____________
BECK & CO. NOAH F. FLOOD, Attorney.
Buy, sell and exchange real estate and busi-
ness chances; loans and collections made. 93»
Market st.
HALF interest in an established paying ho-
j tel; price $1500. 1007% Market, nr. 6th. r. $■
BARGAIN -$200; saloon. neatly furnished;,
splendid opportunity; r.r. R. R. depot. 636 3d.
BUTCHER shop; complete outfit; good chance
for right man. 1135 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLAPS blacksmith shop for sale cheap;
In city. Box 1479. Call office^
FIRST-CLAPS saloon for sale on water front,
i Apply 627 Montgomery st.
FAMILY boarding-house; steady boarders: 14
rms.. all occupied; bargain. A.C.box 71. Call.
BARGAIN— Meat market; $250; splendid lo-
cality; cash business. Apply owner. 606 Castro.
COFFEE nnd tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A CO 'S.. 41.' Sacramento «t.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
HEAVY express, laundry and peddling wag-
ons, fine surrey, cheap horses. Pi.'it Mission.
TEAMING business can be had for pr.ee of
teams; steady work. Box 101 S. Call office.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission St.
100 PETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 225; lowest rates. |
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st. ; j
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
' J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 24'"i_14th |
st.; cleaning, 3c per yard; t.i Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346. j
CONKLiN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden j
Gate aye. : tel. East 126.
CLEANING ' OMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and j
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure .
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESS' VAL. . i
The world's greatest clairvoyant and trance
medium, has arrived In San Francisco and
located at 1130 Market st. The recognized
leader of clairvoyance and occult science.
... you wish to know facts you should
know? If you will succeed in your under-
takings? If you will win your lawsuit? If
your domestic troubles will soon end? If you j
will obtain your ambition? If you are loved?
If you will succeed in your love affairs? If i
sick, will you be cured? If past troubles
will torment you? If you are lucky in spec-
ulations? Do you wish information you ought
p. have concerning your future? Does an-
other share the love and attention that should
belong to you?
Causes Speedy and Happy Marriages.
Guarantees Success in All Cases.
Call and tw convinced. i
PROFESSOR VAL,
No. Market St.— No. 1130^
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; cures disease by sympathy;
never fails; has the seven seals, the greatest
Egyptian secret of the world; shows picture.
of future husband or wife; gives lucky num- i
bers; advice in all speculation, love and legal
affairs: any .me consulting the madame will
be convinced that she is no sham; tips on
races; prices 25c and up. Come and you ;
will be surprised. 910 Howard St., near Fifth.
Give satisfaction to everybody. j
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and |
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnosis disease; full life readings;
ladies. 50c; gents, $1; sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk.
ARRIVED— king of all mediums. Profes- |
sor Halev; tells your life from cradle to j _
grave; 50c, $1 up. 106 Taylor st., parlors 3-5. '
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist; past. ;
present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 12.
MISS A. L. CARLS' fortune teller by cards. !
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card .
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission. :
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission. \
MME. AUGUST, 1149 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c; ladles only.
543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CONSULT on matters of business, health and
happiness LAJHI, the Psychic, 120 A Eddy St. |
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business j
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus- \
band's picture. 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell St. j
COTTAGES TO LET.
CORNER bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath, gas;
cottage of 6 rooms. 1876 15th St., nr. Dolores.
FLORENCE, 9, bet. Broadway and Vallejo, |
Taylor and .Tones Cottage. 6 rooms, $10.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; water
free. 103 Collins St.. near Geary.
DENTISTS. j
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe Z.inkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold j.
filling, from $1; other fillings, from 50c;
plates, from $4 50; flesh colored plates, from
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown I
and bridge work teeth without a plate; fill- J
ings, .50c; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $5; i
ail work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, Bto 2
p. m G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; brldzes. $4; j
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first |
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LT'LL* M HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and Pilings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
VAN* VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
MEYER, 6 Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors — Fillings. 50c up; crowns,
S3 up: open evenings. 850 Market st.  - -
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, San
Francisco — Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers: individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed ln positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
log tree.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
s ical culture, Delsarte, vocal- music, piano,
violin, journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected: 15 Instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg., S. F.
A— HOPF'S Singing, Piano School; summer
rates. %: French. Spanish daily. Merc. Li-
brary, 530 Golden Gate, r. 6-6-7; hours, 2 to 8.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM' slbus^
lnesa College. 805 Larkln st., opp. City Hall.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL,
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
legos teachers' examinations, etc. ; special
courses in all English branches, languages,
mathematics, sciences, etc.; evening classes;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan building. :
AYRES' Business College, ' 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, »50; low rates per week and mo.
M ~cT BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day.
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 12.16 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.; day and eve. ;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
A LADY teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly;
BOc an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla.
ENGLISH literature, classes or privte: special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory ln
Leipsic: lessons. 75c. 329 Ool den Gate aye -
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission nr. 6th.
THE Studio 1083 Sutter: piano, violin, clari-
net. cornet. English and German, 60c lesson.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEI'M Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1821.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st.; tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FemaIe.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situation;
t..... local references; city or country- Apply
MISS I' CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. Telephone
Grant 120.
FIRST-CLASS American cook desires situation;
understands all branches of cooking; city _or
country; best of reference. MISS D. CI. L-
-LEN, 325 Sutter St. _^
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation;
good cook and houseworker: 3 years last
place; city or country. MISS D. CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse wants position ln
city or country; best city references. MISS
H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter, phone Main 651,
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; under-
stands all kinds of cooking; best ref., city or
country. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter
St.. phone Main 651.
MIDDLE-AGED competent woman wishes po-
sition as housekeeper and thoroughly under-
stands taking care of children, city or coun-
try. 924 Washington st.
POSITION by a North German girl to take
care of a child or do chamberwork, city or
country. M. M.. box 1125. Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day,
washing, ironing or housecleaning; good
laundress. Address 741 Minna st.
EXPERIENCED German girl wishes position
as maid and seamstress or waitress. Apply
902 Valencia St.; phone White 954.
SWEDISH woman wants washing, ironing or
cleaning by the day. Address 30 Aztec St., off
Shotwell. _^
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do housework .
and cooking, wages $25. Please call or ad-
dress 861 Bryant.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes a few more en-
gagements as lady's nurse or care of in-
valid. Address 912 Howard St.
WANTED— respectable young lady, posi-
tion as working housekeeper. Address box
1106, Call.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do light house-
work; wages $15. Address box 1115, Call.
GIRL would like place to take care of baby;
city references. Mease call 156 Clara st.
STOCKINGS and socks knitted to order very
cheap. 11 Diamond st.
GIRL desires to do upstairs work in family
without children. Address box 1098, Call.
PROTESTANT woman wishes situation as
cook or do light washing; no postals. Apply
1326 California st.
GERMAN woman would like plain sewing to
do at home. i-21 Mission St., room 1. '
WANTED— By competent woman as working
housekeeper; 1? good cook and manager of
place in country; has best references. 350 San
< 'ariose" aye.
GERMAN girl wishes situation at general
housework; references. 3491 C Nineteenth St.,
near Valencia.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation to do
general housework in private family; is a
good cook; wages $20 and $25; city or country.
("all at 1375 Fifteenth St., Oakland.
LADY wishes position as chambermaid in
country or city hotel. Box 1478, Call office.
WANTED— By hospital trained nurse, care of
invalid, or will give massage treatment. Ad-
dress M., 527% Birch aye. ' '
A CULTURED lady with Eastern certificate
would like to instruct ladles whose education
has been neglected. Address J. E., care of
Sherman. Clay & Co., cor. Kearny and Sutter.
WANTED— Care of Infant or child under 4 at
lady's home. Box 4990, Call office^
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; ccnvenlent and respectable; free 'bus
and hagjnee to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED Male.
PROF. WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
'phone Red 3211, 315 Stockton st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.: tel. East 424.
BEDMAKER, porter or other employment:
speaks French and English. Address box
1126, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED man wishes situation; un- '
derstands any kind of ranch work. Address
I. ii.. box 1129. Call. _^__
GOOD coachman and wife would like to have
places in country; wife ls first-class cook.
Call branch office, Kentucky and 22.1 sts.
BAKER, bread and cakes, wishes position. 605
Taylor st.
AN industrious young man Just from the
Philippines, with an excellent discharge from
the army, would like a position as night
watchman or driver for private party or phy-
sician; please state salary. Addres Jo, box
1090, Call office.
MINING— Young man, 24. desires engagement
with gold mining company or mine owner as
amalgamator; understands office and under-
ground work; best references. Apply box
1013, Call.
WANTED— Window or house cleaning, wall
paper cleaned or other work; have eight
hours every day to spare. ANDERSEN, 952
Bush Ft. ; telephone East ',«;?,.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
the care pf lawn, flowers, vegetables, horses
and cows; very handy and willing: refer-
ences; city or country. Box 10"X. Call.
ENGINEER wishes 'position; all-around good
mechanic; used to any kind of engine, also
electrical machinery; young; has flrst-class
references. Box 1095, Call.
SITUATION by young German in wholesale
house or offlce; wages Immaterial; not afraid
of work. Box 904, Call.
BARBERS— man. 2 years' experience,
desires steady position. Address MR. FOW-
LER. 21 Wildey st.
POSITION as tinner In city or country or In
cannery; first-class workman. Box 1093, Call.
CIVIL engineer, competent ln field or offlce,
wants employment. Box 1494, Call.
INTELLIGENT young man wants position as
bartender or porter; references. Box 1468, Call.
_________ .
exchange.
a'll^or~sale or exchange. ~~
50 houses and lots, from $500 to 320.000
20 In Oak'ld. Alameda. Berkeley; $50 to. 50.000
44 ranches, from 2 to 2000 acres; $60 t0... 10,000
45 hotels, rooming, boarding houses: $200 6,000
74 stores, saloon, business places; $100 to 4.000
I PELL AND EXCHANGE ALL KINDS
OF PROPERTY— WHAT HAVE YOU TO
OFFER? HENRY C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
HIGHEST U. S. army, navy and Government
officials are using Mayerle's glasses. GEO.
MAYERLE. German Expert Optician, char-
ter member American Association of Opti-
cians, 1071",,; Market St., San Francisco, Cal.;
glasses fitted by mall. ' -• •■"■?--
I -■ — S
FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 MARKET St
810 Fell, 8 r $40 £23 Linden ave.,4rsll
979 Cost, 8 r 37 50 418 Fulton, Jr.... 9
1720 Page, 6 r..'... 25 202S Golden Gate, 3r 8
794 Lyon, 6 r 25 1057 Golden Gate, 4r 10
1913% Devisadero,6r 21 | 19 Erkson Ct.,4 rll
1225 Hayes, 5 r 20 ! 820 Buchanan, 3 r 8
431 4th aye., 6 r.. 16 .2085 Ellis. 3 r 8
913 Buchanan, 5r 16 '39 Locust ave.,3r 750
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay window and bath; $12.
716 Natoma et., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FULTON. 146— Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16.
LEAVENWORTH. 1519— Flat, 5 rooms, bath,
gas: modern Improvements: rent $15. .
SUNNY flat. S rooms; also house 15 rooms, cor-
ner: moderate. Apply 542 Halght st.
UPPER flat. 5 nice airy rooms; rent ' reasona-
ble. 1176 Harrison st., bet. 7th and Bth.
2 NICE unfurnished flats. 4 rooms each; water
free; $10 and $11. Apply 12118 Bus]* «L...\ ;'
FLATS TO LET.
2 NEW sunny modern flats, 4 and 5 rooms,
bath each; 1421 Hayes st., $14, and 965 Golden
Gate aye., $21.
$13 50—297 SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Flat, 5 rooms.
bath, gas, nice yard. :'■-'' '■ ■'-
FLATS TO LET — Fnrnlihed.
2 FINE furnished bay-window flats: 5 and 3
rooms. Inquire 819 Diamond st. rent $20. $12.
FLATS AVANTED.
WANTED— Cottage or lower flat, unfurnished,
four to six rooms, bath and yard, bet. Mar-
ket, Post and Gough sts., for small family.
Address box 1124. Call. I
FURMTURni FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton St.
4 ROOMS furnished, ln oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
! ■
HELP AVANTED FemaIe.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Head waitress, city, $25; head waitress, city,
$22 50; waitresses for Healdsburg, Marysville,
Stockton. Hanford, Madera, Porterville, Duns-
muir, Fresno, $20 and $25, many of them fare
paid; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20; chamber-
maid, Santa Cruz, $20; woman cook who un-
derstands bread and pastry for sanitarium,
$30; 3 woman cooks, $25 and $30; fancy ironer.
Woodland, $30 and found
'". R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
6 WAITRESSES, first-class springs in Lake
County, $20, free fare; see party here bet. 10
and 11. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS nurse, $25 per month; 2 chil-
dren. MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COLORED girl, housework, for country, $20;
fare paid; 3 in family. MISS D. CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
NURSE, $20. must speak French; also city, $20;
nurse, Oakland, $20; German second girl, $20.
MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COOK and second girl, same house, $30 and $15,
across the bay; 4 second girls, $20 and $25; 6
second girls, $16, city; second girls, country*.
$25 per month. MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
FRENCH nurse, 1 boy 8 years old, $20, city;
French nurse, country. $20; nurse, Oakland,
$20; German second girl. MISS D. CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl to assist, $10 to $15 per
month. MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, private, boarding-house, $20. Oak-
land; 3 waitresses, $20 and $25 per month; 4
waitresses, restaurant, $5 and $6 per week.
MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN governess $20 per month. MISS D.
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED — 2 waitresses for the springs, see
boss here, $20; 2 waitresses, country hotels,
see party at office, $20; 2 waitresses for city
boarding houses, $2'»: restaurant waitresses.
$5 and $6 a week. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Cook, country hotel, $35; 2 cooks,
small country hotels, $25; Ironer for laundry,
$42 50; 3 German cooks, $30; 2 chambermaids
and laundresses, private families, $30; kitchen
helper, $20; German and French second girl,
$20; waitress, family work. $30; second girl
and sewing. $20. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— have some very nice situations
for both city and country in American and
German familiies at $20 and $25 per month.
J F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
SWEDISH cook, $25. 2 in family. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st. Phone Main 651.
COOK, hotel. San Rafael. $25. MISS H. CUL-
LINAN, 323 Sutter st. Phone Main 651.
LADIES desiring first-class help of all nation-
alities can secure same by calling on MISS
H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St. Phone Main
651.
NEAT young girl, light housework, $10 per
month; 2 ln family. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter st. Phone Main 651.
GERMAN cook and second girl, city, $25 and
$20 each. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
Phone Main 651.
SEAMSTRESS, Institution. $20; laundress, same
place, $25: cook, $35; hotel cook, $35; house-
keeper, $15; housegirl. $25; nurseglrl, same
place, $15; nurse. $25; 3 second girl.-, $20 each;
25 housegirls. $25 and $20. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to cook on a ranch,
$20; waitress, mining town, $20. MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman for house-
keeping and take care of 3 children; good
home. Address P. PEDRAZZIMI, Fruitvale,
Alameda County..
ELDERLY lady or respectable girl to do light
housework; wages $10 per month. Call at 16
Elliott Park, bet. O'Farrell- and Geary sts.,
off Steiner.
YOUNG girl, light housework, at 9 McLea
court, off Ninth st., bet. Harrison and Bry-
ant., between 9 and 10 a. m.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking. 96
Cumberland, cor. Dolores, bet. Nineteenth
and Twentieth.
WANTED Girl to take care of baby; wages
$>. Apply 1319 Ellis st.
YOUNG girl for general housework. 923 Va-
lencia st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wanted as housekeeper
•and care of girl 5 years old. 10* Steuart st.
GIRL for light housework; off evenings and
Sundays. Box 1127, Call offlce.
APPRENTICE girl wanted on coats. S32V£ Fol-
som st.
GIRL for general housework; moderate wages.
Apply 1116 Guerrero st
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
EXPERIENCED buttonhole makers on vests;
steady work. 239 Fifth st.
GOOD finisher wanted on custom coats; steady-
work. 410 Kearny st.. room 33.
LADY to give lessons in Spanish. Box 1105,
Call.
GIRL for general housework; three ln family.
1038 Union st. :-'.v;"
TAILORESS wanted on flne custom coats. 425
Nat. .ma st. -
WANTED— for general housework; Ger-
man or Danish preferred. 997 McAllister st. (
FIRST-' LASS finisher on coats; apply early.
H. DAVIS, 119 Russ st.
GIRL for housework; wages $15. 1520 Post St.
YOUNG girl; assist with baby and make her-
self useful. 109 Colllngwood St., near 18th.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 91"
Noe St., between 22d and 23d.
WANTED— middle-aged lady to do light
housework; wages $10 per month. 642 Minna.
SMART girls to learn tailoring; pay while I
l<M-i-ning. 138 Russ st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general j
housework. ,1844 Howard St., near Fifteenth. |
1 ROGERS wanted. U. S. Laundry, Sixteenth j
st., above Valencia.
WANTED— apprentice girls on |
custom coats. 571 Market st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do plain cooking
in small boarding house. 322 Main st.
GIRL for general housework. 863 Hayes st.
WANTED— GirI for light housework. Apply
1424 Vi Jackson st.
WANTED— WaIter. 146 Larkln St.; call early,
ready for work.
WANTED— 2OO WOMEN AND GIRLS to work
on fruit at Fontana & Co.'s Cannery, comer
Francisco and Taylor sta.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. Cali-
fornia Canneries Co., Ltd.. Brannan st., bet.
Third and Fourth. -VK,
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd..
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
GERMAN girl to assist In chamberwork and
mending: sleep home; wages $10. Apply 2518
Sacramento at.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady employment. CODE-PORTWOOD
CANNING CO.. Tenth and Bryant sts.
FINISHERS on coats; must understand mak-
ing buttonholes and operating; 12 and 1. 251
Eighth st., Oakland. -
200 MORE sewing machine operators will And
work ln LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S Overall
Factory, 32V4 Fremont st.
2 -'EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators
on boys' knee pants; good pay. 1034 Folsom.
WANTED— Two lady barbers: wages. SW. cor.
-Lombard and Baker sts., Presidio.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; 3 '
In family. 2211 Buchanan st.
WANTED— girl to assist In housework'
and care of children; wages $10. Call 1651
Twelfth aye south.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist ln cooking ln
small boarding house. 3SO Main at.
WANTED— GirI to assist ln housework: wages
] t$ to $10. 2721 . Laguna at., near Green.
HELP AVANTED FemaIe.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
796 Sutter st.
WANTED— Protestant girl for general house-
work and cooking. Apply 567 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS flnlshers on custom coats. - 927
Market St.. room 623.
FAT ladies wanted at the Chutes. Apply to
manager, Halght st.
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36.4 Fremont
st. ; take elevator.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid; cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco. Cal.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye. .
HELP AVANTED MaIe.
. C. R. HANSEN & CO. PHONE GRANT 185
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS
Free fare and fee to coast and valley rail-
roads for laborers, teamsters and tunnelmen.
$1 75 to $2 75 a day: teamsters and laborers for
the mountain railroad; part free fare, see
boss here.
50 Woodmen for all kinds of work in the
woods, fare paid, see boss here, $2 to $2 75 a
day.
3 Straw balers, $2 76 a day and found; 4
hay balers. 18c a ton; 3 farmers, $1 25 and
found: milker, $25.
Ptickerhand. $3 a day; carpenter, city. $3 a
day; machinist, country, $2 50 a day; team-
ster, hay press, $1 a day; teamster, haul
grain, city, $1 a day: laborers, salt works,
$1 25 a day and found; blacksmith, $45 and
found; helper, $35 and found.
Restaurant cook. $20 a week; night cook,
$10 a week: dishwasher. $6 a week; kitchen
hand, $30; dishwashers. $3, $4 and $3 a week.
2 Neat young men, with some experience
as waiters, to act as omnibuses, to carry off
dishes ln a first-class hotel, $25 and found;
waiter, hotel. $3,-,, country hotel. $25; 2 Italian
speaking restaurant waiters, $35 and found;
grocery clerk, $20 and found ; elevator boy,
$10; bellboy, $10.
Laundryman and wife, $43 and found, for
a hand laundry; laundryman. country hotel.
$30 C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Want 3259 men to-day from 7 a. m
wages from $95 to $15 and found
94 farm, oichard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $35, $30, $26 and $25 and
found :
27 milkers, different places.. s3o, $25 and found
16 chore men and boys for ranches $26, $25,
$20. $15, $10 and $S and found, good, steady
jobs ?
COACHMEN AND GARDENERS
26 hay and harvest field hands, $2, $1 50, $1 23
day '.
..PUBLIC WORK AND CONSTRUCTION..
12 teamsters, four horses $52
gardener and wife $40
milker and wife $3 day
tunnel, hammer and header men $3 day
BOYS FOR FACTORIES. BAKERIES,
STORES, ETC.
STABLEMEN, CARPENTERS, ETC
6 stablemen, city and country jobs
$35, $30, $25 and found
3 bridge carpenters $45 and found
BLACKSMITHS
15 blacksmiths, horseshoers and helpers for
city and country, $2 50, $2 day. $60. $50, $45,
$40, $30 and found
HAY BALERS
$3 50 day 14 hay balers $3 5(5 day
IN SAN FRANCISCO
20 teamsters, 2 and 4 horses, $40 and $26 and
f ou nd
19 laborers, $2, $1 75 day, $30 and $26 and
found
can washer young milk wagon driver
hundreds of woodchoppers.. % . .tlemakers
fare paid ".
20 boys to pick fruits $15 and found
12 laborers in San Mateo County
$26 and found
....FOR ALL PARTS OF CALIFORNIA....
195 laborers (no experience required), $3, $2 50.
.$2, $1 75 day, $57. $45. $40, $30, $26 and found
WE WANT HELP FOR OREGON, WASH-
INGTON, ARIZONA, HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
AND BRITISH COLUMBIA.
12 laborers, factory manufacturing compan-
ies, city and country
$175 day and $26 and found
2 deckhands $43 and found
laborers, street-car companies
MURRAY & READY, 6,14 and 636 Clay St.
WE PAY YOUR FARES
166 men for 33 sawmill companies
laborers, no experience required
$26 to $40 and found
also 95 men for every class of woods and
sawmill help. $75, $70, $'".:.. $80, $50, $45, $40.
$30 and found; also mill bench-hand, car-
penters, setters, bench-hand, machine, and
boys for planing mills in city and country,
$3 day to $6 week.
LUMBER PILERS. ETC
WE PAY YOUR FARES
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO MINES 24 MINES GOOD MINES
193 LABORERS, etc.. (no experience) WANT-
ED. Anybody will suit. $57 per month, board
and lodging; steady job year around
5 coal miners. $52 an.l found: 2 silver miners.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO
OLD RAILROADS NEW RAILROADS
ALL THE RAILROADS BUT ONE
(THAT ONE WE DON'T SEND TO IS
COAST RAILROAD) DRILLERS, HEAD-
ERMEN, SPIKERS, SECTION HANDS,
MUCKERS. LABORERS. TEAMSTERS.
ETC. WAGES from $3 DAY. WE SHIP
YOU FREE
BOARD and LODGING, ONLY $4 50 week
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
COOKS . WAITERS DISHWASHERS.
19 cocks, come and see, $,*..'.. $50. $40. $30, $25
and found
25 dishwashers $25. $20. $15 and found
IS waiters $30. $25, $20 and found
...PORTERS. PANTRYMEN, JANITORS...
Boys AND MEN TO LEARN TO WAIT AT
TABLE, BEDMAKERS. ETC. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
BUTCHERS LAUNDRY HELP
washer hand, laundry, $35 and found, coun-
try Job
polisher and help starch, $30 and found,
country job
6 butchers, shops and Institutions, $35, $30
and found; 5 bakers and helpers, call early,
good wages
SHOEMAKERS. .MILK WAGON DRIVERS..
ETC. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
' " Z MARRIED
man as choreman. wife as cook, country*
hotel, see boss here, no objection to children:
man as dishwasher, wife as waitress, coun-
try hotel. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
WANTED— Cook, hotel near city, $50: second
cook for mine, $35: dishwasher for institution,
$15 and found, and others. W. D. EWER &
CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Two men to handle freight on bay
steamer, $45 and board, no experience re-
quired; blacksmith on orchard near city,
good, . steady job, see party here, $33 and
board; 1 woodsman for San Mateo County,
good long job. $35 and board, fare 85 cents:
3 laborers about rock crusher. $25 and board ;
10 woodchoppers, $1 60 per cord, see party
here; young man or strong boy to drive a
team (1 horse) about mill. $20 and board: 4
miners, $2 25 per day; 5 laborers about mine,
$2 per day; 10 shake splitters, $2 25; 50 laborers
for mills, woods, brick yards, etc., good
wages: elevator boy, $4 a week. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— 4 carpenters for winery In country.
$2 50 jeer day and board. W. D. EWER &■
CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED ButIer, $40; elevator and bell boys.
$4 week, $10 month and found; waiter for
country hotel. $30; waiters city, $20 and $30;
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT *
CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED Young man for delivery wagon;
man and wife for laundry, $45 and found;
farmer and wife, $40; dairyman and wife, for
Oregon; stlckerman on sash and doors. $3
day; stableman, $45; blacksmith and tool
worker, $40; woodsmen for Washington and
Oregon at going wages; laborers for mines,
quarries and railroad work. $1 75 to $2 75 day;
and many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st. *,
ANDRE'S Offlce, 316 Stockton St.— 2 waiters,
country, fare advanced; potwasher, $25: dish-
washer, $25; night dishwasher, $20; hostler
and milk cows, private place, country, $30;
3 bell boys, $10 and $15, etc. " .'.
GOOD sashxnaker. $3 SO per day, country: a
bellboy city, $10; dishwasher, $10; man to
assist in kitchen, $12. MISS D. CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
WANTED— FIrst-class silk and dress goods
man: competent to take charge of depart-
ment. Apply WEINSTOCK & LUBIN, cor-
ner Market and Taylor Pts.
WANTED— Young man to drive parcel delivery
wngon: state age, experience, references and
wages expected. Box 1103, Call office.
GOOD barber for Wednesday and Thursday
evenings. Saturday and Sunday; wages. 5144
Third st. '
YOUNG man with $50 cash can have half In-
terest in good paying business; call. WEB-
STER, 589 O'Farrell st.
' ALL-ROUND laundryman who understands
boiler and engine. Vacaville Steam Laundry.
Vacaville.
PRESSER wanted. 916 Market st., room 82.
GENERAL tailor and eoatmaker for country.
Apply REIPS BROS., 24 Sutter st. \
GOOD bootblack for barber shop. Northeast
corner California and Devisadero sts. . .
BOY for office; state references and salary ex-
pected. A. R.. box 1128. Call office. ?'.--..- ■
PORTER, $20. Hotel Gazette, 26 Montgomery
st., room 12.. ..;'.' > . •„'
DISHWASHER: good wages. Southeast corner
Greenwich and Lyon sts.. near Presidio.
WELL-EDUCATED boy, 15 to 17. to learn
architect business. Room 44, Thurlow block.
EXPERIENCED boy for Gordon press and
straight typesetting. 10 California st., rm 18.
WANTED— A good dishwasher; ' $20. 17 Wash-
ington st, ' _______
DISTRIBUTORS wanted. UNITED ATES
LAUNDRY, Sixteenth st., above Valencia.
HELP WANTED Male.
WANTED— A good retail salesman, familiar
with the grocery or crockery trade; a good
man can secure permanent position; give
reference as to competency and character;
state salary expected; none without experi-
ence need apply. Box 1104, Call office.
BOY wanted to drive butcher wagon. 2556 Mis-
sion st.
WANTED— A boy in confectionery. 1503 Geary-
street.
WANTED— First-class barber at 825 Valencia
st. : no other need apply.
BRIGHT young man. 128 ft Fourth st.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 1504 Kentucky St.,
Potrero, Reidy's Hotel.
DISHWASHER at 106 Second st.
LUNCH waiter. 331 Bay et.. near Mason.
YOUNG German for saloon, from 6:30 a. m. to
2 p. m.; $5 per week. 414 Sansome st.
TAILOR on coats. $9 per week. Address box
213, Call office. Oakland.
BARBER shop for sale at a sacrifice on ac-
. count of sickness. Inquire at 104 Seventh st.
BOY from 14 to IS years of age. Apply at 246
. Sutter St.. room 14.
BUSHELMAN wanted at 2535 Greenwich st.,
near Presidio. M. R. GOLDBERG & CO.
THREE live salesmen; good pay. 300 Post st. j
WANTED— Coatmakers to work Inside. 927
Market st.. room 623.
BOY with some experience in jewelry business.
4 Sixth st.
WANTED— Good plain workingman, doing all-
around work ln business house; married Ger-
man or Frenchman preferred; wages $10 a
week; no board. Box 1016. Call.
WANTED— A steady, reliable, experienced por-
ter for restaurant; only one with good refer-
ences need apply. 11l Larkin st.
BOYS, 12 to 16 years of age. Glass Works, cor.
Seventh and Townsend sts. . •'
BARBERS— Good 2-chair shop; 4 rooms In
back: cheap rent; $50. DECKELMAN BROS.,
106 Ellis st.
500 MEN— Call to-day: get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 6a. m. to 9 p. m.
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
care of you; half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
MEN to learn barber trade; $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only Institution teach-
ing the tonsorial art; call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.. near Kearny.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2. TRUCKEE A LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board. $4 50 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road. '■ -
GENT'S flne calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
lng, 30c up; heeling, 15c up. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
TRY our 15c meals: best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands, Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket St.; free shaving ln students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138 . Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
. neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. 863*. Market St.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, — For Sale
HORSES— Does anybody want horses 18 hands
high and 2 feet across the back? Attend the
auction Thursday, August 3, 11 a. m., at
CHASE & MENDENHALL'S. cor. Van Ness
aye. and Market st. W. P. McCORD.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work -horses. Chase & Mendenhall, suc-
cessors Klllip & Co., salesyard, 1732 Market.
FINE black carriage team, well matched, 8
years old, 16';; hands. 807 Hyde St..
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
- 21 EL. veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gats.
HOUSES — LODGING For Sale.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 MARKET, OPP. FIFTH.
12-room house; large yard; downtown $400
is rooms; clears $100: only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
54-room house: clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
$400— 10-ROOM house on Taylor St.; $200 cash,
balance easy paym'ts. DECKER. 1020 Market.
22 ROOMS (corner); IS bay-window rooms; all
rented. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
54-ROOM house (corner) for sale at a bargain;
see it. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging-houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy st.; new buyers daily.
20-ROOM house; good location; all rented;
rent $.".('. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$300 SNAP— 24-room house; ' all rented; near
Market st.; rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
5 ROOMS, new furnished flat: $150, half cash,
balance $5 monthly.
32 rooms; ft block of Market; $100 a month
rent: $110.), half cash, balance easy terms.
14 rooms; $45 rent; very central; one of the
best paying. Inquire 252 O'Farrell st. %..:-•
JULIAN aye.. 192, corner Sixteenth— Lodging-
house, 11 rooms; all occupied; $175: rent $16.
21-ROOM lodging house; owner must sell: make
offer. Room 2, 1007* Market St., nr. Sixth.
HOUSE, 17 rms.. nicely fur., nr. Mkt.; all
filled: estate. T. J. KELLEY. 437 Parrott bdg.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
SPLENDID house; fine condition; 7 rooms; low
rent. 3356 Twenty-first st. ; key next door.
$45— HOUSE, 8 rooms, high ceilings; large yard
and basement. 1615 Bush St., near Franklin.
LOST AM> FOUND.
LOST— August 1, black leather pocketbook
containing diamond and sapphire cluster ring;
literal cash reward. E. W. STRANGE, 1906
Market st.
LOST— Curly brown water spaniel; breast,
toes and tin of tall white. Return to Henry
Mever, grocer. Thirteenth and Mission sts.;
telephone Blue 1096. Reward.
LOST— Fox terrier, license No. 367, spotted
brown and black. Return to Wunder Brew-
ing Co., Greenwich and Scott sts., for re-
ward. ■*■• -V.
LOST— Sunday, from Geary and Powell, Harri-
son and Seventh, breastpin with blue band.
Reward at 1118 Harrison st. -v>'\'.--
LOST A white fox terrier, large brown spots
surround each eye. Reward on return to
223 Ellis st.
KNIGHT TEMPLAR charm, between Third
and Market and Grand Opera-house; name
engraved on same, also number of lodges.
Please leave at 16 Third St.; receive reward.
LOST— Gentleman's Elgin gold watch, with
fob: owners name engraved Inside back cov-
er: liberal reward. Return 1709 Howard.
MEDICAL.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St.. San
Francisco; ail diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over MM varieties being used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 d. m.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
ALL female complaints cured ln 24 hours: well
known, reliable, safe, sure: maternity home;
no Instruments; consultation free, confidential;
home treatment,*:.. MRS .ALLEN. 228 Van Ness.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA. 215 ft Mason St.—
Private home In confinement; ladles' friend
In trouble: terms reas.; call an.l be convinced.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS A CO., druggists, 406 Clay, sole agents.
NICE private home In confinement at the most j
reasonable price In the city; Infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER, .midwife, 2012 Folsom. |
MEDICAL. '■________
A TREATMENT that never falls to restore
instantly all cases of monthly Irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice, $3 positively; no instruments used; safe
and sure; cure at any time when others fail:
absolute success and safety guaranteed: trav-
elers helped at once; can return home same
day; save time and expense by consulting
first the only reliable ladies' physician o_
long and successful practice; confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St..
bet. Mason and Taylor. Office hours 9 a. m.
to 5 p. m. ; Sundays 9 to 4.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all these who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state
their case before going elsewhere; they will
find In her a true friend: a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $5; no in-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin: offlce hours,
10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to S. Sundays by ap-
pointment only. v_^. __
A TREATMENT tbat restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day: no Instruments cced; cure at of-
fice. $;,; home in confinement; skillful medical
attention; all can save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkln: hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to I
p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc., bal ies. adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay: pelf-cure sent: call or write: free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market st„
pills. $1; very strong, $2. -
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician: no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5: restores in one day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st. _______
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of irreg-
ularities than any other physician: never
fails to cure: consult him first, save time and
money; treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free; call or write. 1023 ft Market st.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private? home in confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
ELECTRIC treatments and baths for all ner-
vous diseases; diagnosis free. 1167 Market.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back: ss up.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second st.; tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 11* Mason St.-
MINING AND ASSAYING.
I WISH to buy Central Eureka stock. R. L.
CHENEY. 530 California st.
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
ALL the machinery of Pacific Iron and Natl
Co. ls being torn down and must be sold at '
once; consists of one 500 horsepower Corliss •
engine, one 40 horsepower engine, boilers,
pipes, heaters, pumps' and other machinery
too numerous to mention. Full information
by applying on grounds, foot of Myrtle St.,
Oakland, Cal. .
PURE distilled water Ice, $3 50 per ton car-
loads, f. o. b. ; $4 for less; sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 463, Consumers'
Ice Co.. 420 Eighth St., S. F.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
GRAMOPHONE, good as new, 28 records. $2S,
cost $40. Call or write to L. E. COCHRAN,
Nurses' Building. U. S. Hospital, Presidio.
SPEAKING parrot and cage; cost $50; a sacri-
fice. 76 Third St.
A FINE gymnast net. 20x40. 436 Geary st.
FINE Jersey cow for sale. 1625 San Bruno
road.
FINE large modern double-door safe cheap.
14 Fifth st.
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good as
new; cheap for cash or installments. THE
BRUNSWICK-BALKE CO.. 655 Mark.: st.
1 3-h. p. Golden Gate gas engine: perfect order;
complete; must sell. EPSTEIN, 64S Mission.
A— s-3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar price hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suit, $9 75; pants, $2 75. ORIGINAL MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR, 513 Montgomery.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co. .Stevenson st.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos: bought, sold. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission.
2 NATIONAL Cash Registers: 1 nickel plated
and other wooden: cheap. 417 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes and planers for
iron: wood planers. 12 in. and 24 In.; hydrau-
lic pump: 2d. J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
SAFES — Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid ' - - "
- — 1
_
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SECOND hand 13x19 jobber; must be bargain.
Box 3344, Call offlce, Oakland.
WANTED — To hire. 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst.
CASH paid for school books, or exchanged for
new. LORIMER. 1527 Market, opp. Van Ness.
MONEY TO LOAN. ~~
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., abova
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 614 per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain l'beral advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
REAL estate, 6 per cent: 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. «_" Market st.
— _,_n—^-_— .—^ — ..^ m
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$.' per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. . -*'...*■;*-
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. V . ? \
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS". 769 Market st.
BARGAINS! Bargains:— Go to Wilson's Storage
Rooms, 1710 Market St.. and see another lot
good Standard uprights; very cheap for cash.
A DECKER & SON. the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style. MAUVAIS'., 769 Market.
A MAGNIFICENT high-grade piano offered to-
day. $95. Room 12. Flood building. ', ...'
WANTED— square pianos. Call or address
BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post St. .-:: V ,-
A BARGAIN — Stelnway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A— sBs; UPRIGHT piano In flne condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP- Stelnway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros." pianos. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments. $5 75 up-
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis'
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st. ■
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER ft CHASE. 80 O' Farrell st.
6U £S**S-££ violin", althers. old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham placa*OFFICES AND STORES To Let.
ASHTON & G ARmNEßT^m^ilon^mery "et. I
J50 — ICS Taylor st.
Sso^-455 Valencia St.. corner Sixteenth.
135— 859 Mission £t.. near Fifth.
tJ - *— .":>" Montßomery aye.
■--- -.O— S3- ward st., near Fifth.
SIT— -..-.C First st.
S:ci-3;.4 Fourth ft.
525—1119 Harrison St.. rner Langtnil.
EMMA SPRECKELS BLDG.. 927 Market st. '
Offices s.: SO to $20.
Light heat. Janitor and telephone included, i
-ASHTON & GARDINER, Room 210.
AN old established barber shop; 4 - :ks. 2
chairs, fixtures: complete; rent Cheap. Ad-
I dresa 1105 Howard st.
GROCERY corner. 217 Ninth st . 4 living rooms.
stable: 2 blocks frcm Market: rent low. Ap-
ply owner. KKLLY. 437 Parrott bhlldtna.
NICELY furnished front suites suitable for
doctor cr dentist, 120 to $25. 121 *■ .well st.
CHEAPEST and .best: In f America— The Weekly
Call. !« page.-.. ?»nt to any address in the
United States, pcyttgld. for ;- -.-r year.
PALM ISI UV.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st.. above Jones; classes:
office hours 1 to S p. m.: .-.ing by mall, 81,
I»AHTNEK3 WANTEH.
...
WANTED— For partner, man understanding
manufacturing of Indies' wenr. such as slclrts.
waists, etc., to go in partnership with man
furnishing capital: Only flret-class artist*
n°ed apply; refcrer.ee required. Address box
I EST. Call office.
I'LH^O.NALS.
CLYDE CIJFFORD will please call and re-
ceive information; any one knowing his
whereabouts wouid confer a favor on him
by sending word to CHARLES MONTGOM-
ERY. Brooklyn Hotel, S. F.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA has the name of
being the only reliable hair tonic on the mar-
ket; Be bottle. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S hairdressing parlors still growing
in popularity; 25c only; Bee the great display
cf switches .r. his win' ; . switches cniy
75c, this week only, Vii Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at I^ew, and Copyright
No. 4 Setter St., Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of Imported end domestic rem-
r.ants for suits to order. Jly 7' ; pants. S3 75:
nothing hipher. One-price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
rrom O'Farrell to 122 Eddy St.
T. BRILLIANT. S3S-3.0 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very' easy payments.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases^
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: JOO rooms;
J2Ec to .". EC per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHI TANI. 313 Bitter St.
:". PER week for lady's suit, jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overccet. Eastern Out-
tittir.g Co.. 1*.*.6 Stockton st., near Broadway.
LIFE Insurance policies bought -'or cash. W.
P.. NICHOLSON, Attorney ar.d Financial
Aiter.t, International Hotel.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 =_.n= me st.
r ,
RUPTURE, stricture cured: bo knife; no Injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Oordlo. 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture bought,
sold: lei. Mint 9«-7. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy 1 -ai.m.onte. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and *th.
WANTED— OId geld for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
'f, cares. In wranper. for mulling, tl fer year.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
:'3'_ Market St.. bc-t. Sixth and Seventh.
PSVCHOMETRY-
HENRY HARRISON BROWN, rnetrtst;
reais character; gives advice from spirit side
of life: heals by laying on hands. 12^'A Edely.
HEAL ESTATE CITY' — For Sale.
ii fi CO.
STON. ELDRIDGE & 00.
_NTS.
- ■ DUCED IN ORDER TO EE SOLD THIS
AVEEK.
SO— Two houses of 7 rooms and bath, which
alone are worth the i rice asked, anil lot
ZixV«i feet worth HCU>. in the best por-
tion of the Western Addition; .- small
expense can be rented for ?55 per month.
527 0— Pays !«• per ce^t per annum: I fiats; al-
ways rented; mortgage of $1000 can re-
main.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Must be sold before August v; substantial, well-
built reslder.ee on Twenty-fourth st.,
nea*- "s\il4
FLATS.
;■ -Ve-Two new extra well built flats of 5 and 6
rooms, bath; elegant marine view; on
Frederick st. : 2.*116.
$."'"■>"•— Oolden Gste aye.; 2 modern flats. « and 6
rooms and bath; rent $40: 25xlW. _
t4sW— Two flais. 6 rooms and bath, on Treat
aye.: near Twenty-fourth st.
J325/V— Two flats. S rooms and bath, on -"'-.of well
st_: 27:i**115 to Horace . lace.
COTTAGES AND RESIDENCES.
iSO'X'— Modern residence, extra we built, on
Page ht., neat- iiirk panhandle; 11 rooms,
bath nnd laundry; 3e_-i37:e. . . .
$3100— House, C rooma and bath; stable; *• x 75;
on O'Farrell St.: expressman and laun-
drvmsn. sre this.
|3<joo— Tw.. cottages, cne on each street; 27 »x
ic* ; lot worth money.
$157.*.-HOMESEEKERS— 11876.
$3'»'' cash, balance $20 per nth.
NO TAXES, NO INTEREST, NO IN-
■ N''E.
Modera home i in course of construction);
3 rooms and batfT an.', high basement;
dom.e ceilings, tile mantels, porcelain
tubs; fine view; close to car lines.
LO -
t2vx*— Fulton St.. near Lyon; 25x137:6.
t2ow— ?2.v> cash, bolar.ee mortgage at 6*i per
cent; fine lot on Halght St.; line view;
r.ear park; 25x120.
U.V-i—Page St.. near Ashbury; 2.'.x13.:8.
$1750 each— Three lots on Green St., near
Hyde: fine marine view.
•jSOO^-Cheapcst lot in the city: $100 cash, bal-
ance easy; half a block from Mission st. ,
25x!C0.
V.'c hold our regular auction sales every two
weeks. For further particulars apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.,
63S Market St.
i_7y "WORTH ~S7WO. ~
Lot 100x200. corner San Leandro road and
Rose pt.. in Fitch burg; new building; contain-
ing store, saloon, 7 rooms, all improvements;
In perfect order; fine garden; stable and ware-
house; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant roadside re-
sort- must be sold; account sickneM of owner.
Apply on premises to C. Ll NI iK; San Lean-
dro electrio car pass' - door.
FCR sale— L.'.s 22 and 2". block 6. Mission and
Thirtieth at. Homestead Extension Union;
J.VX. each. Address A. C. M. PENNINGTON,
Atlanta. Ga.
HANDSOME bay-window cMtftge, 6 large rooms
anJ basement: bargain. iSSO Twelfth aye..
Sunset district^
$1550 ONLY; reduced price; cheap corner; must
be sold Immediately.
Reduced from JlCaO to $1550; ready to build
on; southwest corner Webster and Filbert
sts.; 2.' a.
THOMAS MAGEE A- SONS,
5 Montgomery at.
ASHTON &. OARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
Valencla-st. lots: any siie; $135 per front
feet; fronting o.i 2 streets.
Twenty-third st., corner San Jose aye.. with
improvements. $5500. .-•..*'.
Second and Silver sts.; corner, with. lmprove-
ments $C7CO.
NEW HOMES
Fine 6. 7, 5 and I. room houses, finished
with s.ll modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller. Pierce nnd Primrose sts.. from $3100
to $4500: terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON, Builder.
$800 CASH, balance on time; new corner, 4-
r:>orn bay-window cottage, ic-fuot brick base-
ment. I'll' Shotwell st; take Fulsoni st. car.
get off ft Precita aye.. walk up one block.
CHEAP— An entire block and 10 lots south of
Golden Gate Park. 542 Halght st.
CHEAPEST in-", best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address .In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
REAL EST iil'. — < I — For Rale
FOR SALE— Farm, Ptk acres. 6 rocm and
basement house, barn, chicken and out
h.iUsfs. -.'.-?!!. fruit trees, 500 - vines, etc.;
one mile south of Sonoma on main road. Ad-
dress box HOP. Call. • ■
jeOfcO— FOR SALE— A 8-aen tract set out with
all the best varieties of full bearing fruit
trees, good house and large chicken yard; lo-
cate.! or. the north side of the grandest boule-
vard I:, the world, "Estudlllo avenue." he-
tween the residence of W. J. Lenders* and
Paul M. Nlppert, San Leandro, Alr-m-la
County, Cal.: a rare opportunity. Inquire-
J-**-? HERRSCHER. San Leandro.
A WEItK'S news tor 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
10 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. 81 per year.
~ RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, .coffee. and lee
cream parlor, 1023 Market st.; popular prices. |
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
I A— 2 LARGE sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; 2 folding beds. 1 in kitchen.
j lln bedroom; $10 per month, $2 50 per week:
furniture a-II new. Apply at shoe store, 552
Mission St.. bet. First and Second sts.
! EDDY. 02$. bet. Polk and -kin— Parlor floor,
I 3 or *4 elegantly furnished sunny housekeep-
I ing rooms; bath; ga_s; run, water; no childn,
I EDDY. 917— Nicely furnished housekpg suite;
low rent; private re^-i Jer.ce; no children.
j FIFTH. 353— S clean furnished housekeeping
connecting rooms; 2 $10: single 85 to $7.
FULTON, 121^—2 eunny front furnished house-
keeping rooms; range, water; large yard;
rent $10.
FOLSOM. 523— Parlor suit», 3 rooms, complete-
ly furnished for hpkg. : single or en suite. |
1 GEAR It'll— Four nice unfurnished rooms,
bath, toilette, gas, yard, basement !
> HARRU_N" 731-Front ar.d back parlor, fur-
I nished complete for housekeeping; large yard;
I rent $13.
I' HAVES, 114—1 or 2 unfurnished rooms to let,
cheap.
, HOWARD. 6't>— Front room and kitchen fur-
I nished for hcusekeeplng.
I HOWARD list*,— Sunny bay-window suite:
j other rooms; light housekeeping; private; no
children. '
HOWARD. 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
HVM-l 126— Front bay window and alcove,
I complete for housekeeping: reasonable.
! HYDE. 2605—3 clean sunny rooms, furnished to
i suit tenant; rent $10.
I IV * NHOE 1005 Polk. cor. Geary— clean,
| sum fur. hkpg. suites t3 to 5 r.). $15 up; ref.
I JESSIE. 47?. near Sixth— Front sunny rocm for
I light Rous'elteeplng. furnished.
! LAGUN v *."24 (St. Furnished and un-
I furnished: light housekeeping; reasonable.
i LEWIS IS. off Taylor, near Post— B unfurnished
rooms] Sl'*': water free; cellar^
i McALLISTER. HO l^— Front rooms, unfurnished,
$12 50: furnished, housekeeping, $10 and $12;
I no children.
! MINNA. 4*s— furnished housekeeping rooms;
nice kitchen; renovated. Call before 10 or
I after 3;W.
1 MINNA. 549— Or.c large front room furnished
! complete for housekeeping; reasonable.
j MOSS. 56. off Howard, near Seventh— 3-sunny.
furnished housekeeping rooms. J
i NOE. 151 1 or 4 sunny rooms: parlors; kitchen;
j ccal range; bath: yard; $10 to $16. -
! PINE. $51— Fine front and back pericr. unfur-
i nished; use of bath.
j SIXTH. 2i«H— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms'. 15 50 per wit. up: also single; quiet.
! SOUTH PARK, 114— Clean, sunny basement,
! 2 moms ami closets: good yard: $7 30.
! SOUTH PARK, 154. near Third— 2 sunny front
1 rooms compete for hskpg.; nicely furnished.
i SETTER 1111. nr. Comfortably furs.
single suites; also hskpg ; terms reasonable.
■ TWENTY-FIRST. 8878. near Valencia— Sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms, renovated,
j lath, laundry. -
i TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores— Sunny
bay-window rooms in suits of 2 and 3. fur-
i nished
i TWENTY-SIXTH. 5367. near Mission— Large
front connecting housekeeping suites: fur-
nished complete; $S; also single.
VAN NESS aye.. 1021—2 furnished rooms for
housekeeping, $14; pas stove, bath^
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call, ;6 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for 51 __ year.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfnrn.
: ABBOTSFORD iThe). cor. Broadway and Polk
■yuiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite: charges moderate; cars direct.
BRUNSWICK House. 145 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
! . light housekeeping; pen all night.
'■ ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
j -sunny rooms en suite or single: first-class
I ln every* respect: terms reasonable^
i AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
j bath rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
' AT Girard House. 192 Seventh— Furnished sin-
i gle and suites; also large unfurnished room.
■ AT New Grand. 246 3d— CCn lst-class sunny rms..
15c to $1 day; 90c to J. wk; also housekeeping.
j AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
I housekeeping rooms. $1 to $3 per week.
_
! BURN 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
j nished rms tea sine also unfurnished.
I CARROLTON, 12C. Market, cor. Golden Gate
5 aye.— Sunny corner;- well turn., rms. & offices.
' CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis', comer Mason— '-«.-.' .
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
' EDm"7 _ 473— I_arge bright sunny room; nicely
furnished: two closets; running water.
' EDDY. 617— Elegant .louble parlors, $20; front
I parlor, $I'_: also sunny rooms: running water.
: ELLIS. 114 nr. Powell Newly fur.; new man-
agrn't: cozy rms.. hand"ly fur.: reas.; trans t.
■ FIFTH. 33. opp. Mint, nr. Market— New mgt.;
renovated; fine rooms. $6 month upward.
! FIFTH. 107— Pleasant, sunny, unfurnished
j rooms to let.
j FINE sunny flat. 3 large rooms: bath; latest
I improvements. Key a: 713 Grove St.
j FOURTH. 12"" 1 *. nr. Mission— New management:
j newly furn. an.i renovated; choice ... rms.
! FOURTH, UFA— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
double and single: 11 week up.
! GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. H_EP.
' GEARY 550— Elegant Tront and back parlors;
1 piano: 'phone; light housekping.: other rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN. BE cor. Seventh and
Mission —Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors; reading room: elevator.
HANCOCK House, "'- Mission— family
rooming house; $1 50 to $5 per srssk.
HAWTHORNE. 172. brt. 2d .nd 2d, nr. Harri-
eon— Pleasant sunny corner room for 1 or 2
gents: private house; board optlonaL
HOTEL ■■<■■■ 31i> Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single m.s.; eiev.; free baths.
HOWARD. 529— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD 1052. ret. nth and 7th— Suite and 1
single, complete for hskg.: also sunny single.
JONES. 415— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
gents preferred.
LARKIN." FOt— Small .sunny room, neatly fur-
nished, $4.
MARIPOSA. 1167* Mission— Newly furnished
front and other rooms; all sunny; $1 week up.
MARKET. 1035— Entirely renovated; under new
management: fine sunny suites, single also;
very reasonable. ;..■.. ■'■:■
MINNA 140. bet. Sew Montgomery' and 3d —
3 neatly furnished rooms, single and double.
MINNA. 667. cor. -.— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week: transient.
I O'FARRELL. 20— Supny furnished rooms and
| offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
! PLEASANT, well furnished room: gas, grate
and use of bath. 610 Polk st.
' ROYAL House, 126 Eiiis St.— lncandescent
light, - reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor: rooms, per night, 35c to 81 60;
week, $2 to !»; month. $S to $30: elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1365— Three rooms; large yard"
rent $7.
SEVENTH. 230 A —2 front rooms and 1 back
' room. $6. $5 and $10; new house.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. IS. nr. Market Neatly fur. rms., sin-
gle and double: bright and eunny; $1 23 wk Up.
; SIXTH. 33. nr. Market. Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator; transient.
SIXTH. lit- Rooma for light housekeeping;
also rooms; $1 per week.
j SIXTH. 142- Has changed hands; everything
j thoroughly renovated; furnished rooms, day,
' week or month.
SOUTH PA. 1158. fT Third— 2 neatly fur.
rooms; private fam.; gas; bath; $5 and $7 mo.
THE Oliver. SGS Folsom. cor. 6th— Sunny corner
rms.. suites and single; gas; bath: new mangt.
j THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
j THIRD, 106 H. near Sllsslon— The Seattle— Nice
sunny rooms. $1 25 to $S. " ■■■>■ ■".';-:
j TURK. 132— Large sunny furnished parlor, also
upper front room; suitable for gentlemen.
; TURK 888, corner Oough- -Large sunny hand-
somely furnished room; overlooking Jefferson
I Square; references. •*
$S— THREE unfurnished, large sunny rooms;
large yard; separate entrance: new house;
I rear 263 Perry* at.
| A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, ir. wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS WASTED. ~~\i
'■ WANTEDS sunny connecting rooms or alcove
suite, running water, unfurnished; bet. Geary
I and Pine and Powell and Jones sts. Addresa.
stating price, to box ICW. Call office. ■■ "
SPECIAL NOTICE^.
i ROOMS papered from 88; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 219 3d st.
j BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
I CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. £520.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2, 1899.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pa gatlo____e_>rate__^2o__FCUrthsL^^___ >
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant: treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases. 232
Stockton St.; sitting.., tl: diagnosis free.
JOHN SLATER— CircIe to-n:_: I S:l5. ISOS
Stockton St., near Greenwich; sittings daily,
10 to 4. :
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power In spiritualist .reading,- 250 up. 5 ith.
MRS ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Fri.. i p. m.;
Men.. *: 25c: sittings. $1. 23.". Valencia at.
.m^w.^ _m gggSE „__________!-_- SSSSSSSSSSSSS5 e^^.^—
STORAGE.
CALA. Stora Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tei. Clay S3.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 491 Post. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE * TAYLOR, packing and storage of
'urn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.; tel. Black ill.
SUBURBAN HOMtS.
TO-LET— A modern house of eleven rooms and
bath, with stable, In Ross Valley: 4 minutes'
walk from Ross Station. Pox 113?, Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
FINE lot or. bay shore. ,_
Modern cottage, a rooms and bath; lot
52x150; near High School and depot; terms, $100
cash. $20 per month. ,
J32CO— New cottnge, * rooms and bath; lot 42x !
207; open plumbing, plate glass, etc.: half block
from station and High School; easy terms.
Homes built to salt purchasers en easy terms. .
Houses to let In nil rarts ff Alpmeda.
H. P. MOREAL ■«?- CO.. 143? Par* **
ALAMI-OA KOO.MS A.M) lIOAIID.
HOME fcr ladies In d°'.lc»ie health: large .
grounds: private MRS. PR FUNKE . 141« Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY" REAL ESTATE.
II WE 5 m%lern housea in course of construc-
tion one block south of the university; two ,
Just sold: people wishing to locate In that j
locality please call or write M. L WITRTS. i
Seventeenth st. and Broadway. Oakland.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS |
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE. I
LARGE, level lots. ':- only $25 down; street
work done: sewers, water, gas; fine school j
clos«> by; near railroad station and Oakland
electric line; half-hourly trains to city: 5c
fare; slorlous -.-.ate; build a home to suit J
vour-'elf: easy fsvtnpnts; no city taxes. SYN-
DICATE INVESTMENT CO.. Fruitvale sta.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE, j
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland. |
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE of dissolution of co-partnership —
Notice is hereby given that the copartner- j
chin heretofore existing between the under- .
Blrned GROSVENOR P. AVERS, W. D ;
(■KANE and E. S. CIPRICO. all of San
Francisco, California, doing business under
the firm name and style of AVERS & CO . j
is this day dissolved by consent. Mr. GROS- j
VENOR P. AVERS succeeds to and will ;
hereafter conduct said business under the
same firm name as heretofore and Will col- j
!ort ail outstanding accounts and settle all .
liabilities.
San Francisco. Cal. April 10, IS??.
GROSVENOR P. AVERS, V- D O'KANE, ,
E. S. CIPRICO. j
PROPOSALS.
UNITED STATES Engineer Offlce, Flood
Building-, San Francisco, Cal.. August 1, ;
Hjo—p^aJed proposal? for dredging In Peta-
luma Creek. California, will be received here
| until 12 O'clock noon, "September 5. 1599._ In-
formation furnished on application. W. H. j
HEUER. Major Engineers. ;
MARRIAGE LICENSES. !
Marricitre licenses have been issued as follows:
William I. Miller and Lena wohlers.... 21—20
Wm. F. Wilson and Harriet L. Dun1ap...46— 26
Antone D. Tost and Julia Hess 37—21
Joseph Beck and Lizzie G. Noell 35—39;
James F. Flynn and Catherine Sullivan.. 2s— 2l
Henry Girvin and Josephine Harrabo 43 — *2 ;
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. " I
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by j
mail will not be Inserted. They must he hand-
ed in at either of the publication offices and
be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN, .
AFTERGTT— In this city. July 24, I^-9, to the
wife of Samuel Aftergut. a son.
ALBERS— Santa Rosa. July 27. 1888, to the j
wife of D. E. Albers. a daughter.
AMES— In this city. July 31. 18», to the wife
of George H. Ames, a daughter.
LOCKE— In this city. July 25. 1599, to the
wife of 11. M. Locke, a daughter.
NELSON In this city, July .30. 1888, to the
wife of D. Levy Nelson, a son. /
PFAEFFLE— In this city. August 1, 1898 'to
the wife of I}. G. Pfaeffle. a daughter.
MARRIED.
BECK— SONNENBERG— In this city. July 30. j
1599. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Martin Beck
and Sara Sonnenberir.
MARKUS— SIEGEL-In this city. July 30. 1599.
by the Rev. H. Samuelson, Otto Markus of
Sun Francisco and Fanny Sie^el of Chi-
caro, HI-
MENSOR— WARTZ^-In this city. July
30. V-39. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Isaac
ftCenSor and Lizzie Schwartz.
■R— MORRIS In this city. July 2?.. 1539. |
by the Rev. H. BABnuelSon. Harry Passur and ;
Sarah Morris, "both of San Francisco.
SCHETTER— MEYER— In this city. July SO,
1889 by the Rev. Dr. J. NletO, Edmond O.
Sch'etter and Rose Meyer.
SCHWARTZ— MENSOR— In this city, July
SO, 189», by the Rev Dr. J. Nieto, Myer
Schwartz and Lizzie Menrr.
WILSON— DUNLAP— In this city, August L
1599, Re* H. S. Hanson officiating. William
F. Wilson of San Antonio, Tex., and Hattie
Levlna imnlati of San Francisco.
DIED.
Adler, Laura Hudson, Mary
Banks, Caroline Lapsley. Thomas
Barege, Florentine Lynch, Dr. Oscar O.
Carmodv, Michael Moore. Henry Jacob
Connelly, Annie Rosenberg, Jacob
Pastier. Elizabeth Seaver, William A.
Flllplch, Nikola Watts. William John
Gavin, Bridget.
ADLER— In Windsor. Cal., July SI. 1999, Laura,
beloved wife of the late Morris Adler and
mother of Daniel, Robert, I_ewis and Joseph
V'.lpr Mrs E. J. Levy and Mrs. Carrie
Wise a native of Germany, aged 72 years.
(Baltimore, Md . papers please copy.
[ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect- :
fully invited to attend (he funeral to-morrow 1
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the res!-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. E. J. Levy, 1420
Bu«h street. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, via 11:30 o'clock train from Third !
and Townsend streets. '--'-'„■■
BANKS— this city. July 31, 1889, Caroline
Banks, a native of Canada, aged 77 years.
BAREGE— In this city, July. 51, 1*99. Floren-
tine Barege, beloved wife of J. M. Barege.
a r.at!'.-- of France, aged "5 years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect- :
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow !
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of 1
J. S. Oodeau. 305 Montgomery avenue.
CARMODY*— In this city, July 31. lx'.:\ Michael.
beloved husband of Alice Parmody and
father of John, Alice, Man-, Emma and Ella i
Carmody, a native of Boston, Mass., aged ;
47 rears. ._ . . .
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral this .flay
( Wednesday*, at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 628 Jessie street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services, commencing at
2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery-
CONNELLY"— In this city,- August 1. IS??. An-
nie, beloved wife of John Connelly and
mother of Frank and John Connelly Jr. and ,
Mrs. Joseph O'Brien* a native of Ballygrau,
- County Limerick, Ireland, aged 19 years.
FILIPICH— In this city, August 1. 1599, Nikola, ;
beloved husband of Mary Flllplch. a native
of Mllna. Dabnatta, Austria. aged 43 years. !
E^Friends and acquaintances nre respect- !
hENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher). .;"!
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3, ;
20 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln -jchsoC
Telephone South 80.
lAIcAUOY «fc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1236 Market St.. between Sth and 9th.
Telephone. South 247.
■ ■■■nm i ■ ■■!■ j^»»a___a^_«___--__nß__M«J_-P__-_a_»» |
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late '
residence, 219 Harrison street, near Beale.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FORTIER— In this city, July 81. 1559. Elisa- j
beth, dearly beloved wife of Pierre A. For-
tier. .
CTXotiee of funeral hereafter.
GAVIN— In Oakland. August x, 1899, Bridget, !
beloved wife of John Gavin and mother cf
Katie, Willie. John, Sadie, Maggie and Tes-
sie Gavin and Mrs. E. F. Gilllgan, oared 50
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 3:38 o'clock, from her .late
residence," 660 Magnolia street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repese
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment St Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
HUDSON— In this city. August 1, WW, Mary
Hudson, a native of New Jersey, aged 78
years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
LAPSLEY'— In this city. July 31. 1W», Thomas, 1
beloved son of Thomas and Bridget Ann '
Lapsley p.?-.'. brother of George and Ross
Lapsley and Mrs. W. H. Malt, a native of
San Francisco, aged 30 years C months and i
6 days.
"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 10 attend the funeral this day
( IneSdav), at 1:30 o'clock, from the res'-
dence of his parents, 3 Aiemany street. In- '
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city. July 33, 1858. Dr. Oscar
Gilbert, beloved husband of Sarah M. Lynch,
son of Dr. Gilbert Lynch of London, and' son-
in-law of William P, Pyne of L Gatos, a
native of London. England, aged 24 years.
H__TThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at S:3f» o'clock, from the resi-
dence of ids brother-in-law. Dr. T. L. Ma-
!-. ney, I*3 Polk street, thence to St. Brigld's
Church, Van Nes-s avenue and Broadway,
where 'a requiem high mass win be cele- j
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery
MOORE— this city. July V. 1898. Henry
Jacob, beloved husband of Delia Moore, an
ex-Union soldier, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 59 years 3 months and 10 days.
"[.'"Friends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday). from the parlors of A M
Mat-til & Co.. undertakers.. US Geary street.
Interment National Cemetery. Presidio. .
ROSENBERG— In this city. July 31. 1899,
Jacob, ..beloved husband of Mary J- Rosen-
berg, and father of Robert C. G. A. and L.
R. Rosenberg, a native of Ohio, aged 33
years i menths and 7 days.
C_*"Friendrt are invited to attend the funeral
this day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from
his late residence, 2319 Sacramento street. In-
ferment private.
BEAVER— this city, July 30, 1*99, William 1
A. Seaver of New York, aged 67 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at ! o'clock, at his
late residence, 1317 Alice street, Oakland.
Interment private.
'. WATTS— In this city, July SO, 1899, "William
John Watts, beloved son cf William and
Madlina Watts, and brother of Alfred, Ed-
ward. George, Arthur. Little. Madlina. Alice
and May Watts, a native of San Francisco,
j aged 25 years 9 months and 15 days.
d_7"P_emains at Charles J. B. Metzler's. par-
lors, 636 Washington street.
! ST. DOMINI'" Church Building Association— j
The regular monthly requiem high mass for
j the deceased members of the above assocla- j
tlon, and for the deceased parents and rela-
tires of the members, will be celebrated in j
I St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Steiner .
I streets, to-morrow (Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are Invited to attend.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
M C Connel. Cal A M Cothwell, R I
H E Barber & w, Cal C M Burleson. Cal
J A Black, Cal Mrs R S Stephens. Cal
W T Harris, w & d, T Cohen. Sacto
St Louis Mrs Knox Sacto
Mr« C Schmid, Bacto Mrs. W Densmore &
Mrs A It Sax. N V ' child. Marysville
Mrs. J Frankland Mrs Cutler. Marysville
Nashville Mrs E Cutler. Cal
B Luskev & w, do W M Cutler & w, Cal
Mrs W Marshall. Mo J Colbert, Circle <?ity
W E Powers, NY' AH Meisenbach & w.
Miss - Hudson. Cal St Louis
J C Campbell, Cal *-'-' A Doyle, San Ma:---
W B Colt, Chicago Simon Blum. Martinez
A M Johnson & w, B C J X Lang. N V
Dr T B Reed. Cal il L Moulton. Rivefsde
J P Freeland. Cal Mrs W W Worthing.
H E Picket. Ca 1 I Stockton
Mrs. '.'.' '". Fewell. Cal A W i'i -non. Cal
A H Branson * w, Cal V T Blake * w. i- a i
W D Stewart. Nevada Mrs. 1" Haigh. Cal
C E Garner, Cal R C '"1i:..-. Los Ang
C ES Lazier. Chicago H M Hopewell. Neb
SAD i' tier, Oregon Miss F Hopewell. Neb
Mrs Raffodan, ' 'al .L J Loubens, Mexico
E A Shores. Ashland C Oudiffred, Mexico
AY Allen, San Mateo Mrs C T Deerlng, '.'al
X Lawrence. Sacto [A M Grant A w. Ren..
G T Gibner. San Jose W J Brtggs. Syracuse
G Turner & w. Cal :.T H McMillan A- w. 11l
L H Young. Cal ; Mis? M C Harare d.
Mrs A M Grant. Cal i Appleton
T 'V Wilde. En? A II Duffle, Rlpon
Mrs. T W Wilde. Eng P L Bowd, t'kiah
A Fraser. England , J L Moon, I'kia.h
W H la Burre. Cal E M Tilden, Woodland
C A Keeney, Antioch R N Bulla. Los Ang
B F Smith, Los Ang Miss M McKinley,
T B Hennessy, 11l . j Columbus
T A Work. <"al Mrs. J D Bonebrake,
Mrs 1-; W Steele Cal i Columbus
W Sarles. Cal Miss L Boyd, C'lumbus
Miss M Sarles, Cal A E Miller A- w. Cal
C W Word. Modesto Mrs J II Whited, Cal
I. R Ellis M D. Cal Miss N E Hlndry. Cal
A L Rodman, R I L W Grant. Salinas
W G Jones, Temple T B Reid, w & ■:. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
Col H B Mulford, I' Miss I* Schumacher,
S a Chicago
J G Enright, S JOBS Miss M McKinley.
W S Jackson. >"hgo ' Ohio
H N Mayo, S Lake ..Mrs F D Bonebrake,
E G Ivena, S Lake > Ohio
T L Norton. N J Mlss-L Boyd. Ohio
W -Wolfe & rr, N T Miss E E Henry, San
G F Milllken A w,' Jose
X T Miss E Henry. Neb
C Kohl. Philadelphia E S Heller. Cal
P H Gillmore. Maine Mrs X S Heller. Cal
R Nay! r, S Lake L H Newkirk. N V
J A Anderson, Utah A L Root, N V*
G Cobletls, X _ Miss A X Irving, S C
V C Talbot. '""al Mrs J E Chichester.
C Hedden, NY S C
F Penter, Sacto Miss E King. S C
R Lloyd, Sacto A L Reilly. S C
W D Buckley, Stocktn E D Rosenbaum. Oa!
M klev. Oakland Mrs E D Ros^nbauro,
T T Williams. Marin Cal
Capt H H Holllngs- C J Kuhn, Indiana
worth ISA Mrs I' Waverill, Chgo
II L Rees. D B A Miss M E O'Brien, De-
E Oppe. .'al I trolt
6 N Jacobs, Pa F Short, Fresno
Dr J B Marvin. Xv 'J Goodman, Fresno
J B Marvin Jr. Xv D O'Leary i w, Cal
Miss M Marvin, Ky H Mess. Pa
Miss M Marvin A maid F A Kenny. Portland
Louisville, Xv , C P Grlmwood & w,
V T Bowar. Texas i Cal
F Schumacher & w,A B JPCreery, Cal
Chicago H Ii Castle. 11l
NEW WESTERN.
G S Williams, KernCy W H Merritt & wf.Wls
W '"l.inn. Vallejo Miss Cranes?, Chicago
C J Libbey, Los Ang Miss Baker. Ventura
8 H Raymond, Fresno S II Downs, Vallejo
C Sears. San Jose 'W Burnett. Vallejo
J Lewler, Petaluma C H Wright & wf. Cal
A C Lawrence, Sonora Miss E Harrison, Ga
S King, N V Miss L Harrison, Ga
J Hayes. Santa Crux .A J Storming. Cal
3 C Johnson. Fresno IE L ShadMldt, Cal
R F Ball. Mo ■ I* • ' -
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Bridget M. Haskins to Thomas H. Haskins,
lot Ob E line of Florida street, 167 S of Twen
ty-fourth. S 15 by E 100; gift.
Etta M. and S. J. Baumgardner to Pauline
X and Helnrich C. E. Meyer, lot on S line of
Valley street, 127:4 E of Dolores, E 27:1 by S
114; $10.
George W. and Emma L. Merritt to Christian
Froelich. lot on S corner of Natoma and First
street SE 40. SW 60, BE 40, SW 46. NW SO,
NE 106; $10.
Mary J. Miller to George C. Harrison, lot on
S line of Clement street, 105 E of Tenth ave
nue, E 27:6 by S 100; $10.
R. W. and Mary E. Tar.slll (by A. S. Bald
win, attorney) .to Edward F. Mohrhardt, lot
on W line of Seventeenth avenue, 150 N of D
street, >." 25 by W 120; $10.
Alameda County.
Peter J. and Mary E. Hi— els to Mary A.
Mokler, lot OH E line of Webster avenue, 2*)
9 of Echo avenue. S 63.70, E 21S, X 63.70. W
216 to beginning, being the N half of lot 8,
Glen Echo Tract, map 2, Oakland; $10. -
H. L. Holcomb to Ernest S. Angel, lot on
SE line of Howe street. 60 SW of Howard. SW
30 by SE 125. being lot 6. block F. Thermal
111.!. familiarly the Howe Tract, Oakland; $10.
X. P. I'erne (or Pcrine) to Louisa A. Mon
tague, lot on W line of Filbert street. 99:6 X
of Tenth, N US by W 12.*.. being lot 4 and S
16 feet of lot .'.. block E. map of Oakland Cen
tral Homestead, Oakland; quitclaim deed. $10.
J6hn F. and Maria B. Dlngwell to William
J. Dlngee, lot on N line of East Fourteenth
street. 151.21 E of Thirteenth avenue, X 67:3,
E 56.75, S jr.. W (".,'. to beginning, block 64, Clin
ton, East Oakland; $10.
William S. Harrington to Caroline Bechtel,
lot on N line of East Twenty-seventh street,
140 YV of Twenty-flrst avenue. W 140 by N 140,
block *>-, Northern Addition to Brooklyn, East
Oakland; $10. - ,- .
Lalla T. Allen to Philip G. Allen, lot on 8
corner East Twenty-fifth street and Twenty
first avenue, SW 175. SE. 125. SW 15. SE 300,
NE 140 SW 42."., to beginning, block 82, North
ern Addition to Brooklyn. East Oakland; $10.
George D. and Ella Mayle to Stephen B.
Kenfield, lot on W line of Oxford street. jO
N of Virginia. N 136.41 by W 136:6. being lots
21 and 22 and portion lot 23. block D, Percy-
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Manuel J.
Pacheco. lot 9. block M, Andrew Jones' subdi
vision of Brooklyn Township, Brooklyn Town
ship: grant. . <;»
Andy L. Stone to Emille W. and L. L. M.
Salsbury, lot on NW. corner of Michigan street
.■ SV." of Elm. NW 120. SW 11, SE 120. Ne to
beginning, being lots 231 and 232, Madison
Square, Brooklyn Township; $1". . .
Sarah Curran .to Central Pacific Railroad
Company, lot on E line of Austin st. 300 8 of
Tenth. 8 50 by E lit, being lot 7. block 8. Hunt
ington Tract; to correct 483 d 99. Brooklyn
Township; 81. ;
Mary F. Wolfe to same, lot on Vf line of Har
rison Vtrret.. Ml S of Twelfth." S M by W 12.*.,
being lot U. block M. Huntington Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $15.
PERKINS TALKS
OF HIS TRIP TO
GOLDEN ALASKA
Is Sanguine for Civil
Government.
— »
HIGH LICENSE AND RAILROADS
THE SENATOR DISCUSSES CON
TRACT LABOR IN HAWAII.
♦
He Blames Senator Morgan for the
Existing State of Things,
Which, He Says. Is
Temporary.
United States Senator George C. Per
kins is back from a visit to Alaska. The
Congressional party that accompanied
him to the far north had a most. enjoyable
trip, and it is safe to say that the legis
lators now know* more about Alaska than
they did when Congress adjourned.
The Senator was a busy man while he
was in the north. He addressed the
Chambers of Commerce at Sitka and Ju
neau on "Civil Government for Alaska."
attended a reception given in his honor by
Governor Brady of Alaska, visited Skag
uay and Inspected the railroad over White
Pass and took a keen interest in every
thing that was going on In the country.
At last winter's session of Congress a
civil government bill for Alaska was in
troduced, but failed to pass. A new bill
has been prepared, which will be present- ;
ed at the next session, and Senator Per
kins is sanguine that It will become law. j
"In order to obviate the causes of failure '
in the first bill." said the Senator yester- j
day, "we submitted the draft of the hew
one to the District Attorneys of Alaska
and the Chambers of Commerce at Juneau
and Sitka. They have suggested a num
tier of changes, and when these have been .
incorporated I think the bill will become ;
law. . . !
"High license is working like a charm in
Alaska. Formerly there were eight sa
loons in Sitka and now there are only two.
Of course the people who have paid the
license won't allow the others to violate
the law. and in consequence smuggling is
almost a thing of the past in the lerri-
tory. - . _ ,
"Skaguay is the gateway of the Yukon
and Central Alaska. The railway from
that point over the White Horse Pass to
Eake Bennett la one of the engineering
feats of the age. No more skill was re
quired in the construction of the Denver
and Rio Grande. The road is as substan
tially built as any of the transcontinental
roads. The journey to Dawson can now
be made in seven days and without any
hardships." . '_ 
Speaking of the Alaska boundary dis
pute the Senator said: "I think the matter
will be amicably settled without arbitra
tion. There Is nothing to arbitrate. It
would be just as reasonable for us to in
sist upon taking up the old boundary
question between the United States and
Canada again and declare our dissatis
faction with the forty-ninth degree of
latitude. England long ago recognized the
boundary for which we are contending.
She Id this when the Hudson Bay Com
pany (which was practically Canada at
that time) executed ,i least for ten years
from Russia of the territory she is now
contending for. This leas* was renewed
for a second term, so what better. proof
could any one ask of our ownership.
These lands which the Hudson Bay Com
pany leased from Russia, and England
now" seeks to lav claim to, we purchased
from Russia. There is nothing to arbi
trate." _ 7 '
I-n regard to the contract labor ques
tion in Hawaii. Senator Perkins said:
"The blame for all that trouble rests with
Senator Morgan of Alabama. He was
sont to Hawaii to frame a code for th-
Government of the islands, and had it
not been for his opposition the laws now
in force in the United States in regard to
contract labor would now be in force in
Hawaii. V -, , __, ,
""Early in the last session of Congress I
introduced a contract labor law for Ha
waii. It was amended in the Senate and
when it was getting near the time for
Congress to adjourn 1 used every effort
in mv power to have it pass. I had the
bill advanced on the file and everybody
was pledged to vote for it. Congressman
Fairbanks agreed to bring it up in the
House and after its passage I had ar
ranged to rush it through the Senate and
on to the President for signature. Im
agine mv surprise and disgust when Mor
gan of Alabama objected to the bill and
it failed to pass. That is why Italians,
Japanese. Portuguese. Chinese and Slavs
are pouring into Hawaii as contract la
borers." .
Senator Perkins is looking very much
better for his vacation and says he en
joyed .every hour of his stay in Alaska
and on the Sound.
TO PRESERVE THE TREES.
Chief Forester Pinchot to Arrive Here
on Friday.
A few weeks ago information was re
ceived frcm Washington that a prominent
member of the forestry branch of the
Department of the Interior would visit J
this coast to look after the interests of
Uncle Sam's timber and forest lands.
Yesterday J. A. Filcher. manager of the
State Board of Trade, received a letter
from Gilford Pinchot, chief forester of the
United States, who is now in Oregon. This
is the gentleman mentioned as the nigh
Official from Washington. Mr. Pinchot :
states that he will arrive in this city on
Friday and will depart for Los Angeles
on Saturday. During his stay here he de
sires to meet as many as possible who are
interested in the forestry question and |
he asked Mr. Filcher to call a meeting of
such men as would be able to enlighten
him on the subject.
Mr. Filcher at once arranged for the
meeting to be held in the rooms of the I
Press Club and he sent invitations to the
following gentlemen to attend and meet j
the Chief Forester from the Interior De- !
partment: Professor David Starr Jordan j
of Stanford. Captain Nelson of the Cham- j
ber of Commerce: E. A. Denicke, Mechan- •
ics' Institute; F. W. Dohrmann, Mer
chants' Association: A. A. Watkins. City
Board of Tfade: A. Sbarboro, Manufac- !
turers' and Producers' Association: Gen- •
era! Chipman, State Board of Trade; W. ;
H. Mil!-* land agent of the Southern Fa- .
cific Company: Professor C. H. Shinn. I
State University; Professor E. J. Wick- j
son, same university; Professor Emery
Smith. Stanford University; Victor Met
calf Congressman Julius Kahn: Surveyor
General Cleaves, president of the Forest
ry Society; Senator George C. Perkins: E.
McAllister. Sierra Club; Colonel John F.
Irish an.! E. W. Maslin of the State Board
of Trade.
. OCEAN. TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOBK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping nt Cherbourg, westbound.
> From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York.. ..August 2 New York.... August 23
St. Louis August 9 St. Louis August 39
' St. Paul August 161
RED STAR LINE. .
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Kvery Wednesday. 12 noon.
Adrift July 26 1 Kensington ....Aug. IS
Southwark ..August 2 Noordland Aug. 21
i Westernland ...Aus- ' I
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
' For full Information regarding freight and
passage npply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
tO Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL L.J-.AVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., tot
TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe '(Hlcga). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
cf sailing. -.-:'* .-"•.'. v-
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, July 2*
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 1.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. September U
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates, fot
freight and passage apply at company's ofdea,
421 Market it., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
fcj^ Steamers leave Broadway j
*l_H_r*mi_. wharf, San Francisco:
J^'^^^'V For Alaskan per..-, 10 a. m.. I
i M^.a_-%______ August 4. 9. 14. 19. 24. -■*■ Sep- ;
1 Eir_____i^R tember S. change at Seattle.
1 H^^esß*? -Sftl ;r or Victoria, Vancouver fB. j
; j h^3aZ!g<g£_>tl C.), Port Townsend. -'eat.le.
: I >**^K<; ___ Tumma, Everett. Anacortes |
and New Whatcom (Wash.
***"• 10 a m. August 4. 9. 14. 19. !
' '4 "9 September 3. and every fifth day there- j
! af'te"- : change at Seattle to this company a
! steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Ta- ;
; "J™ to n P. Rv.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Ray.. 2 p. m.. August !
'271° U. --• -"• September 1, and every fifth ■
da For ¥anta cr Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. |
Cr.vuco« Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
'■■ Qnviota.' Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme I
! Con Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport -> a. m.. August 4. 8. 12, 16, 20. 24. :
! 25. September 1. and even* fourth day there- !
I a Fo r r San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
' ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
1 T_os .\-p*.»s find Red.^ndo »I-.os Angeles), 11 a.
' m August 2. S. 10. 14. IS. 22. 26. 30. September ,
i 3 and every fourth day thereafter.
1 "For T'nsenada. Magdalena Ray, San Jose del
! Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
j and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. ,th t>t each
II For further Information obtain folder.
; The company reserves the right to change
I without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
' and honra of sailing.
TICKET OFPICK-4 • New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). -*."'
'GOODALL. PERKINS &CO Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
. ie
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
■ PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC *12 First Clasa Including Bert*
I Ant $8 Second Clasa and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA ....... .......
*- _ . ... July 27. Aug. C, 16. 26. Sept 5.
COLUMBIA sails ....Aug. 1. 11. 21. 31. Sept. 10.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest. '
Through tickets to all points East. _ _
E. C. WARD. General Agent
. 630 Market street.
GOODADD. PERKINS * CO..
** wu H Superintendents.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR ST. MICHAEL. GOLOVIN BAT. CAPE
NOME DAWSON. AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
The New Steamer
BERTHA
''■■ Will IeRVP Pan Francisco August 2 at I p. ffl..
' carrying United States mall for above points, j
i making prompt connections with our river
1 ateamen on th» Yukon River.
I For freight, passage and further information j
i arr ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANT.
310 Par.Fome st . San Francisco. O-tt.
EHlalEvia Honolulu and
gPtfttni-V Auc kiana fcr -"rdr.ey
■■ Wednesday, August 9.
Pgnnsn^l at 10 p. Iloana sails
EA_nl_L'*'» HonMulu and
C*«lil«« A urklp.r, ; for Sydr.ey
Wednesday. August 9.
»lr saTl^ 'or 5 «
t7_mCat)tL. W---lr.esday. Augu-t 23,
pat rit- Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
! Samoa New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez.
1 England etc.- $610 first class.
in SPRECKELS & 3ROS. CO Aflts.. "♦"^•"'W
j JSi 7. FoM Pacific SI. Freight 0§_c«.327 Market »1
! COMPA3NI-5 ttnOUXtl THAKSATLAKTIQII2
1 DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^J*. i
ifailfflg every Saturday at »__j_^&BE>&
from Pier 42. North River, foot of " T ~
' Mono/ st. LA TOURAINE August 5^ LA
r-uiUPAOKE August 12 LA DKl_lAy-*et,
i«™t »' U NORMANDIE. August 26.
•■ 1 A TOVRAINr: Sept. i. First-class to Havre
i UK -'• * upward. 5 per cent reduction on round
i S^JSSSm. t° Havre J45. 10 ocr centre-
j ductlon on round trip GE NERAL AGF^ SCT ;
I FOR UNITED STATER AND «_.a*\a_ja. s.
i Broadway Hudson bnllding). New York J. F.
FTGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
i gomery a-.-.. San Francisco.
BAY AN3> BIVEB STBAMEBaL
\ STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
! THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a m.
'■ dally returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
! aallV (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
' leave Washington-street wharf at ( p. m.
; dally (excepting Sunday). „.-_. _,_.
1 CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
! Telephone Main 803.
I FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
! MON. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
j a m. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Frl-
-1 days. 1 p. m. and «:»: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., J
■ p m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
: Pier No. 2 Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
Down East
VIA THE
"BIG FOUR"
THE ROUTE OF THE
FAMOUS
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL
FINEST SERVICE EVER
OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side.
THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST. LOUIS
TO
NEW YORK AND BOSTON
Via New York Central.
Through Sleepers to Washington,
reaching all the health and
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
VIRGINIA.
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE,
A. G. PA, AG. PA,
St. Louis. Cincinnati.
WARREN J. LYNCH,
General Passenger and Ticket Agent,
Cincinnati, O.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23. IS3».
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. •S:^. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, 3:20. 4:00. 'fliOO. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •S-00. *i.-00. •10:00. 11:00, 11:30 a. I
m.: 1:0. "1:..'.. »2:M. 4 400. 3.30. 6:43 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Ran Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays. >
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:40. 7:55. 8:40. 'lO'^
a. m 12:30. 2:15. »3: 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. to. *
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. •S:00. »9:45. »10:45. ni.45
a m.: 1:00. 2:20. «3:30. »5:15. »«:00. 7:00. 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked f*> run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:*S. 6:30. 7:35, 8:55. 10:35
a m.: 12:35, 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, nt 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS - 8:00. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1-20 2:40. 3:55. 5 30. «:30. 10:20 p. m. '..'--■ '.
THROUGH TRAINS
7:00 a. m. week days Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:20 p. m Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)
Polr.t Reyes and way stations.
1:00 a m Sundays— and way sta'ns.
l:iS p. so. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns. 1
JtAHBOAD XBAVSU -
■orTiiKKX i»Atis'ic t'OMPilfTi 7-,
(PACIFIC SVSTKM.i *
Trains |eei»»t« i»n«l ««•<• due lo nrrlva nt
MAN FK4MI«».
(Main Lino, Foot of Market Street.) : '-'
LB*VE — Feoh ArocsT 8, 1899. — AItRIVB
7:o<*a Cccicia, Sutouu and Sacramento.... 5:45p
?«»u< MorysTille, Orotilieand Redding ».» *;
Wc-jUJ__i_-_ _'*_*
?:OOa Flmlia, V. -_.vil]e and Rumsey »:.>»»
TsSOaM.- :ic=,Sj-ul:__c.cu, Napa, -
Calistogft and Kanto Rffii «_l3p
»:oOa Atlantic llipri .-3, Ogdt-n and Kut.. »il3a
»:3«.e» San .lost- J.lTrrmore, Stockton,
lone bacraniento, Plac.TTille, -«..
Mirri»i'H. Ohico, lied Rluff *'*i r '
»i_l«< «M. !-iu. OaM__le and fconori 4:l»p
S:3»a Yos;mite Valley .Tla Oak.lale and ■_■•-.
cuimi • 4:15*
0:OO\ H.y.t '?. Xilrß fend Wftj Statioca. 11:13 a
•:OOa Martinez, Tncy. Latiirop. Stockton,
H re el. nil repno 18.13_»
t:<iw. FrvDiio, I taken eld Santa I! irlura,
ton Argclea, DeCiug, T.I PfcsO, ' *
Not OrlMns and •i4-'>P
IO:OOa Vail : . Marl incx Way .stations t.i'tr
1 1 :«Oa HayTran'i', Nilc3 and Way Stations. 2:13p
I 2:OOm Nils, Ltrermcre, Stockton. Hacre- ,
I • _•• * HRito, Mendota, Hanford, Vlealla,
PcrtcrTlllo 4:I!»J»
•1:OOp Sacramento Hirer Sfenmcrs *8:00p
BtO'H> HajTraruK, Kilts and Way Stations. A:43»
4>(l(tr Martinez. Hsu Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calmtiign, Santa Kosa 8il»a
fiOap Ucnida, Vacarille, Sacramento,
• Wooelland, Knir.ht* landing.
MatyMillc. (ire.rllie »»:43*
4sBop ::ilc=), Han .lowaud Stockton T:l."»p
'l:30p Yojetnite Bleepli Car for Raymond 12:13p
6:oopThe Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Bak.ra-
field, Saugus for Santa Barbara. ".'
Les Angeles »i 43 1
SsßOp Stockton, Merced, Frcsuo 12:15p
O t.i or Martinez, Tracy, McmlQta, Frew»
Me.jara and l.<;s Angeles v Si*f»*
Bi3op Santa Fo Ruute. Atlantic Htpress
for Mojata ami llast .% •«431»
dour Chicagoe-S-HiFrandicoSpeclal.OsJe" _ _'■
and l_ast.... *j3o>
6:ol>p Haj-Trards, ar.i Han Jose ":l"ia
•OjOOp Vallejo 1 «' lUp
J7:oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta- -'*
tions :»:53»
B>o3p Orcßon l.xpre«s,,Saeramento. Marys- J*
•?• rllle. Reilillng. Portland. I'nget - _
Hound nerd Y.:,*l »tlß^
COAST DlflSlftJ arrow Oan^e).
(Foot of Market Street.l J
" 17:48 a Santa Crux Exinirßion tor Santa Ti.
Cru2 and Principal Woy Stations }S:0MI
■1 1 5 a Newark. t'eiitirviMc. San Joae. Felton,
Boulutr Creek, Santa and Way
Stations ois«*
•SilSp Newark, Cectcrrillo, San Jose, New
AUuaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cm?, and Principal Way
Stations "tMMQ
4il3p Ban Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta- i
tions 9t9«s\
»4il3p Felton. Santa Crnz and Way St*- :
tloL-s ■ /Bia»^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mil Si* miKCISCO— r«t sf Hirkel Street .Si;? »>-i -i---
-•7:15 9.-00 11:00*.--. (1:00 *3:00 tJ:*3
•1:03 18:00. *«:03p.m. W^j*.''
frsaOllUlD— ?«ltlfßrc«4*«y.— 'o:oo 8:00 10:00».«.
1 12-80 *1:00 t£:CO '3:33 tt:33 -3:JSr.M :
COAST MTDIKMI t ßroad flanye).
(Third and Townsend St?.)
•«,io. Ocean View, South San Francisco.. •«»aO»
•7:0»a Ban Jose tv a V.ay Stations. (New v
Almaden Wednesdays only) »8:©04
17iS0a Sunday Kicurslon for Santa Cnu,
Pnciae Grore and Principal Way
Stations :»»a.»»
•iO»a San Jose, Trza Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Paeilio Grove. Paso Roliles, Ssn
Luis Ol,ispo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Wny Stations 4«1«#
lOiIOa San Jose and Way Stations «iB3a.
lIi.IOa Ban Jose and Way Stations li3op
•B:43pSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Polo Alio. Santa Clara. Han .lose,
Holllster. Santa ( mx. Salinas.
Monterey and Pacilic Gtoto *10:36 a
•1:30 San Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grore
and Principal Way Stations *7:30p
•4slsp San Jo.oeanel Principal Way Stations 2 : ***
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way static cs *S:B4a.
3i3op Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations 'OtttOA
BsSOPSmi Joae aad W^rStaiiojia 3:3flp
t11:43i- Sau .1 *< ■■and Way Stations 17»3Qp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. -•-.
• Sunday creer-ted. 1 Sunday only 1 Saturday only.
..Saturday and Snnday /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BT. Cl
Z-J.HISSE2HI
SU FBANCISCO AND NORTH PAGIHG
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market -St.
BAN FRANCISCO .TO SAN RAFAEI* «
WEEK DATS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 13:fll<
1:80, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays Eatra trips at 1:&*
and 11: JO p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: IM. >M_
C:00, 6:89 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 4:IO, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. in.; lltttL
:*O. £:13 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips ai
1:55 and 6:35 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 6:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 2:40. 5:»«,
6:25 p. m. • - * 7" __f-
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzea Park
•arae echedule as above. . : -■' j-■
Dear* - i* Arrtv*
Ban Francisco. In Effect | San Francisco. .
_ 1 April 1«, L -r- -,
Week Sua- 1»99. I S-_b- Week ;
Days. days. Destination. ' days. Days* ;
, ■ ■ — — — — —— . '<
T :30 am S :00 am' Novato. 10:40 am 1:40 aa
3:30 pm 9:30 am! Petaluma, j 6:05 pm 10:25 am,
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Kosa. J 7:35 pm 6:30 pna
1 Fulton, i
M am Windsor, 10:25 ■__■
Healdsburg, :.\
Lytton, * '. _:ir.
OeyEerrllle. ■' 1
|:K pm 8:00 am filoverdale, T:SS pm 6:K pm
:S0 ami I Hopland and 10:25 _____(,
, 1:30 pm | 8:00 am 1 Ukiah. '7:35 pm 6:20 pat
I:W s,mj 10:25 ana
1 8:00 am Guerneville. T:SS pm
1:30 pm j 6:20 pna
7:80 ami 1:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and •*.
1:10 pm; 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. j 8:05 pm 6:20 pfla-
— : - ' 1 "«
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:15 ana
• :30 pm 5:00 pen • I 7:35 pm 6:20 pna
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservl!le for Pkaggw
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
* land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs^
Kelsewllie. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-.
§ort and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy;
prings, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Pomoj,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's.;
i Bucknell'*. Banhedrin Heights, Hullville.,
i Booneville. Philo. Christine, Soda Springs^
I Navarro, Whitesboro. Albion, Little River,
Otto Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort BraggJ
Westport, Usal, WlUltt-.. Laytonville, Cum-.
. ming'l. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. ■ Dyer, .
1 Bcotla and Eureka. *__y
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets aft
; reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all potato
beyond San Rafael at half rates. v{ -
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle b!d___i
' H C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN, _**
General Manager. Pen. Pass. Ajant, •
Santa Fe Route
- ' **. '• '■'■]: "■' . "*. jv<£t
San Francisco to Chicago;
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN'
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLD
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:80 P. M. :
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR. .
FRED HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE!
RATES.'
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE, w
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 621
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street- v." .
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan.. 28. 1599. trains will run as follow^;
South-bound. North-bound.
j lessen- Mixed. "-'.red. Passen-"
ger. Sunday Stations. [Sunday 6?, - •
Daily. Exc'ptd , Exo'ptd ■ Dally...
! 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton ; .?■"*§ pm «:00 pia
9:10 am! 2:05 pm Merced _•*_ P m *'\i P~i
1 10:40 am 0:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pra
11:38 am 7:4.-»pm ' Hanford T:to am 1.4» prn
2:25 pm 12:30 am -Bakersfield ' 2:00 am 11:08 am.
. 11:59 am 6:2.1 pm . Vlsalla 6:40 ami 1:22 pnj
; 12:13 pm 6:53 pml Tulare s:ao am 1:0 a p^»
" Stopping at intermediate points as ■ I*e_"_Bj?**Ll1 * e _"_ B j?**Ll
For particulars of stase and other connections
inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Mar Let St..
San Francisco. y '__.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.:
Leave .tea Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1599. '•» '
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a m. and 1:45 p. m. -C,".
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 d m. Returning Same Even- _
ings. Arriving In 8. F. at 11:20 p. nj^ -t
SUNDAYS. $. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:3«
and 4 p. m.
Fare c F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
I THOS. COOK & SON. Affts.. 621 Market Ct. '
1112
BETRAYED TO
THE POLICE BY
"KING" SWEENEY
Prince- of Bunko Men
Thrown in Prison.
— —
ROBBED A BUCOLIC STRANGER
— —
'•CANADA ED" CAIVrPBELD IS
CHARGED WITH LARCENY.
♦
Jor Failing to Divide His Spoils
With the Chief Grafter He Is
Arrested, but Immedi
ately Released.
The arrest of Edward Campbell, alias
i'Canada Ed," alias George Bell, the j
King of Bunko Men] yesterday, created a j
sensation among the gang of professional ,
"grafters" who were led to elieva that j
he was impregnable on count of his al
leged pull against ing taken Into cus- |
:ody- on the insignificant charge of
swindling a "sucker." Campbell for some
time past has been associated with John
Sweeney; the "Prince of Grafters,' as ha
is familiarly known to the deluded gang
which ••work" in his alleged profession.
The "King of Bunko Men" arrived here
several months ago from Chicago, and
•learning that Sweeney was the head of
the ganc: of unscrupulous grafters that
infest this city, concluded to "see" him
in order that lie might uperate without
police interference. Sweeney had heard
of Campbell'S successful operations m
tlie East and at once welcomed him to
his fold. "Mike" Golden, who has a local ;
-reputation as a successful "top and bot
tom" operator, was then Sweeney's part- <
ner. Campbell showed such an aptitude
"for robbing bucolic strangers that ■
Sweenev included to dissolve partner- j
ship with Golden, after informing blm j
.that the Chicago grafter could "give him j
cards and spades" in enriching the treas
.urv of the gang. Golden at first vigor
ously resisted his deposition as one of
•-the ""kings" of the despicable gang, but :
as Sweeney threatened to invoke the aid
of the police in having him driven out of!
'-die city, he finally submitted to the in- ■
evitable nd gracefully resigned his posi
inbell was then installed as confiden- j
tial adviser to his majesty "King" Swee
'>nev and a more successful plan to rob |
"suckers" was quickly formulated at the ;
direction of the Chicago ! grafter. The
.plan worked to perfection and in a short
lime Sweeney found himself richer than
■over. While i intoxicated from the effects
of champagne he would boast of Camp
bell's "wonderful generalship" and his
cleverness in "separating suckers from
.their money," as he expressed it. It is
all different now. however. Sweeney does
not think as much of his confidential
partner, and he is anxious to either drive
him out of the city or have him sent to
prison. The trouble between the two
dates back to bout a -el; ago. Camp
bell, being short of ready cash, picked up
a stray "sucker" and "skinned" him out
of $60 at the time-worn three-card monte
game. He failed to report the "trick" I
to Sweeney, and the mighty "king," on
learning of the duplicity of his confiden
tial partner, arose in his wrath and swore
that he would get even.
Yesterday he visited police headquar- .
ters and caused, a warrant to be is
sued for the arrest of his ex-partner,
charging him with grand larceny. The
warrant was placed in the hands of De- •
tectives Egan nd Silvey and through
Sweeney they located Campbell on Kearny |
and Bush streets yesterday moon and !
took him into custody. Learning that a
warrant was out for his arrest, Campbell
had provided himself with $500, and after I
being formally charged he put up the |
amount as bail and was at once released. i
He now threatens to "get even" with
Sweeney, even at the cost of being sent |
ifi.
Campbell, it is claimed, is one of the
most successful confidence operators in
the country. After robbing numerous j
"suckers" in Chicago, he was detected in
the act of "working" a gigantic scheme to
swindle a millionaire, and hearing « that ]
the police were after him he wisely con- 1
eluded to leave for parts unknown. On j
his arrival in this city he heard of Swee
ney and his alleged "pull" and he lost no
time in joining the band of thieving I
grafters.
Condition of Banks.
Notice was sent yesterday by the Bank j
Commissioners to all of the banking in- i
Stitutlohs in the State to forward as soon
as possible to the board statements show
lng their condition at the close of busi
ness on July 31: This is done in accord
ance with the law. which requires .such
'statements from the bankers at least four
times a year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RASH
Heat rash, itchings, irritations,
chafings, redness and rough-
ness of the skin, bites and
stings of insects, tan, freckles
and sunburn, oily, mothy, pim-
ply complexion, itching, scaly
scalps, undue or offensive per-
spiration and other sanative
uses, nothing so soothing,
cooling, purifying and refresh-
ing as a bath with
The most effective skin puri-
fying and beautifying soap in
the world, as well as purest
and sweetest for toilet, bath
and nursery. »*s» — , #
it Saves Your Hair. JS 3 rra {*&*
CUTICURA SOAP, followed by light
dressine-3 with CUTICURA. purest of
emollient skin cures, will clear the scalp
and hair of cruets, scales and dandruff,
soothe irritated and itching surfaces,
stimulate the hair follicles, supply the
roots with nourishment, and thus pro-
duce luxuriant hair, with clean, whole-
some scalp, when all else fails.
Sold throughout the world. Price. CCTICtIRA
BOAP. CUTICUBA OIXTMKNT. BOc POT-
TER DRUG & CHKM. CORP.. Solo Props.. Boston.
How to preserve, the " Pace, Hnnds and Hair.' free.
HEALTH BOARD EXPERIMENTS
WHILE UNFORTUNATES SUFFER
g-.p-3P.TTH Is an indigestible food in
the composite maw of the
Health Department of San
ii Francisco. The Call printed a
story yesterday exposing the
crude subterfuges of the Health Of
ficers in their methods to secure a
greater appropriation for their own
special departmental use.
Yesterday afternoon the secretary of
the hoard. Leon Dennery of much ill
savored notoriety, with a great show
of little and brief authority, freed his
mind of a burden that was burning.
his frontal bone. He refused The Call
any information on Health Depart
ment matters.
To foster an epidemic, to trouble the
popular mmd with disease possibilities,
to force the injured to jog over ill
paved roads when the emergency de
mands immediate medical attention,
seem to be the purposive actions of the
San Francisco Board of Health. That
body might just as well close its jug
gling hop, for as far as its utility is
concerned at present, with all the act
ive branches of the department inop
erative, it might as well be non-exist
ent. . •
The closing of the Receiving Hos
pital and the Harbor Hospital has
worked its harm already. Yesterday
morning and afternoon a number of
cases, some serious, others trivial but
attendant with great suffering, went
the long road to the City and County
Hospital. Mothers with their children
came from all parts of the city to re
ceive free vaccination, but disappoint
ment was their only portion. The lop
ping off at one fell blow of all inspect
ors' of food and cattle let another evil
into the city's confines— one which may
in the near future demand the atten
tion of new Health Officers. Had the
Present board sat for weeks hatching
a plot to make the department which
they represent a model of perfect in
efficiency they could not have been
more successful.
There is a law making it compulsory
for school children to be vaccinated^
The city has kept a watchful eye on
this disease preventive, offering to all
the opportunity of vaccination, les-
9" > --^ -* *-" *"
A NUDE AND RAVING
SOLDIER RUNS AMUCK
DOES MUCH DAMAGE BEFORE
SUBDUED.
Nathan Herzog, a discharged private of
! Company M. Twenty-second Infantry, be
came madly insane last evening in the,
California Hotel, 210 Montgomery avenue
Before he could be secured he knocked
out two police officers and badly injured
Mrs. La Pierre, who resides at the cor
ner of Montgomery avenue and I'ilbert
street. Special Officer Daggett, who was
first called to take charge of the insane
man suffers from many bruises and Of
ficer' Freel was taken to his home hav
ine been severely cut on the head by
glass Herzog was finally captured, by
Citizens Stewart and Hoyer and taken
to the Receiving Hospital, where he was
treated by Drs. Sherwood and Murphy,
two physicians who volunteered to dress
the insane man's wounds, produced by his
Jump through a glass door.
Herzog rented a room in the hotel early
yesterday morning. About 8 o'clock last
evening the proprietor notified Special Of
ficer Daggett that there -was an insane
man In room 15 of the. house. Upon open
ing the door to the room Daggett discov
ered Herzog perfectly naked and praying.
When he approached the lunatic a. scuffle
ensued, which ended In the escape of the
insane man into the hall. Mrs. I_a Pierre,
who was visiting some friends in an ad
joining room, heard the commotion and
she also .rushed into the hall. There she
was met by Herzog, who struck her a
severe blow over the eye, felling her to
the flocr. The naked man continued his
mad rush down the stairs and came, in
contact with the glass storm doors lead
ing to the street. As be was about to
rush through them Officer Freel attempt
eel to enter. The collision laid the officer
out and Herzog rended the doors from
their hinges as he made his exit.
After reaching the street the condition
of the man attracted many people.' A
chase was begun, which ended In the cap
ture of the soldier by Henry Stewart and
Herman Hoyer. Officer Free] was by this
time reinforced by Detectives McMahon
and Dillon and other officers. When the
patrol wagon was called t*he raving and
bleeding man was driven to the City Hall.
The Insane ward of the Receiving Hospi
tal whs vacant and dark and no physi
cians were in attendance. The man's con
dition was serious and the, cuts about
his head bled profusely. The officers final
ly found Drs. Sherwood and Murphy,
who, by the light of a candle, entered the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2. 1899.
Emergency Cases That Demand Immediate At
tention Are Carted Off to the City
and County Hospital — A
Day's Work,
terday there was a constant calling
upon the Health Board by mothers
who wished their children to be inoc
ulated with vaccine, but the office was
closed and they were forced to return
home without vaccination. Many call
ers had been vaccinated, and they re
turned to see if the vaccine had taken
effect. To them also was medical as
sistance cut off.
The patrol wagons had a busy day of
it, serving two masters, police and
hospital, the location of which depart
ments are on opposite sides of the
town. Instead of using the hospital
ambulance, the patrol wagon is now
used for all cases.
Hattie Emerson, who was Injured on
Market and Eddy streets, was carried
to the City and County Hospital before
assistance could be given her. Dave
Scully, who was arrested late Monday
night for drunkenness, came- i:;> before
Judge Conlan yesterday morning. He
was suffering trom a head wound, and
could hardly walk. lad the Receiving
Hospital not been closed he would have
been sent there at the time he was
booked. The City and County Hospital
was too far distant, so Scully bled, and
in the morning tottered with un
bandaged head to the tribunal of po
lice Justice. A number of people who
received injuries during the day re
fused to be carted to the other end of
town,' and sought the unripened sur
gical skill of the drug clerk. A man
named Goodrich, 80 years of age, was
run over by a team on Mission street.
As the City and County Hospital was
out of the question he was taken to
his home, where his injuries received
attention.
Not only are human beings suffering
from the ruthless and huckstering ac
tions of the Health Board, but the
poor dumb brims who had the misfor
tune to stumble into that department's
service also feel its inept lash.. At the
Hark Hospital there was but a single
sack of hay for two starving horses.
The attention of Supervisor Aigeltinger
was called to this, and he investigated
for himself. When he reached the
stable in the park the horses were
chewing up the mangers. The Super
visor, with Veterinary Surgeon
O'Rourke, have offered to feed the ani
mals gratis.
The Harbor Hospital was closed yes
terday morning, much to the dismay of
the water front. The doctors, matrons,
internes and ambulance drivers all dis
appeared from the scene as soon as an
place and sewed up the wounds. This
Kindly action was voluntary and heartily
commended by the bystanders.
MISS LIGHTER,
IN THE "LUCIA"
MAD SCENE
WHENEVER a colorature so
prano is at a loss to ascer
tain how to stir her audience
let her appear in the mad
scene of "Lucia," and she
will find that even her most ambitious
expectations will be realized. When one
is, therefore, called upon to review the
performance of "Lucia" as presented at
the Tivoli last evening it becomes neces
sary to allude particularly to the mad
scene. Miss Anna Lichter has proved
herself worthy of the responsible task
allotted to her. Her technical equipment
smacks of thorough training and the ex
position of her role denoted diligent study.
Concisely, carefully and accurately she
emitted the rippling rims and executed the
exhilarating trills that ornament the bril
liant spots «f this scene.
It was indeed attentive of Miss Lichter
to include Louis Newbauer as a beneficiary
of the applause, for his flute obbligato
was a masterful piece of work, daintily
executed, and tended to support the vo
calist in her difficult position. Mr. Now
bauer has proved himself a musician of
the first water.
So far as refinement and artistic facility
are concerned; Barron Berthald's voice
may vie with the foremost tenors on
the stage to-day. He phrases tastefully
and sings with judgment. In the higher
register his voice" is excessively mellow
and possesses ringing characteristics. •
Resonance, carrying quality and force,
form the main characteristics- of William
Martin's valuable barytone. He has been
raised in a Wagnerian atmosphere, which
is still surrounding him. William .Schus
ter, by his creditable rendition of Ray
mond, the chaplain, demonstrated the fact
how agreeable and necessary a man can
make an apparently inferior part.
Arthur Mesmcr has what may be termed
a milky tenor. He should engage the ser
vices of a chimney-sweep and have his
throat hauled over. The sextet was sim
ply sublimely rendered. To-night "Aida"
will be repeated.
ALFRED METZGER,
.*.,,-'. -_.",\-.«.e.^v -Mi... - ,---■-- i- rt .-_,->■ ■■. ■»— nm. ■.-L.rarFS
inventory of the medicines and surgical
instruments in the institution had been
taken. During the morning about six
people were brought •**** the place for
medical treatment, and there were four
calls for the ambulance. One case waa
that of a man with two cuts on his
scalp; another had a mangled hand.
and a woman had a broken thumb. In
every instance the patients were ad
vised to go to the City and County
Hospital.
There are no food inspectors on the
front since the Board of Health prac
tically went out of existence. Yester
day forty head of cattle came down
from Petaluma on the steamer Gold.
They were all diseased, and looked as
though they had originally been sent to
Petaluma to be used as chicken feed;
but when the news of the removal of
the inspectors on the front came the
owner changed his mind and sent them
to San Francisco for family use. The
veterinary surgeon went out with the
other employes of the Board of Health,
so Dr. Lawlor had to go down to Wash
ington-street wharf and examine the
animals. As they all looked diseased
he hunted up the veterinary surgeon,
who looked the animals over carefully
and said thirty out of the forty were
suffering from tuberculosis. He quar
antined the band, and they, will all
probably be destroyed to-day.
Dr.. Barbat, one of the board, said
yesterday that tne reason for the clos
ing of the City Receiving Hospital was
on account of the bad sanitary condi
tion of the quarters. He said that as
soon as the necessary improvements
were finished it would reopen. The
Health Board begins to recognize its
error, and a plumber Is called in to
stop the leak.
The Harbor Commissioners notified
the Health Board yesterday afternoon
that they would furnish two physi
cians, Drs. Van der Leith and Him
melsbach if the Health Board would
feed the two horses for the ambulance
and pay the driver. The compact has
been made.
An injustice was inadvertently done
to Dr. Morrison of the Receiving Hos
pital In these columns yesterday. It
was stated that he had refused admis
sion to the hospital to Private Riley, a
soldier, who was suffering from a cut
on the wrist. Dr. Morrison had left
the Receiving Hospital and was on his
way to the Harbor Hospital when Pri
vate Riley demanded treatment, and
he had nothing to do with the case.
The error occurred through the con
fusion of names transmitted by tele
phone.
BEGGED A PLACE IN
WHICH TO LIE DOWN
PITIABLE CONDITION OF A
HOMELESS YOUNG WOMAN.
"With tears coursing down her cheeks
pretty Elizabeth Adams, aged 16 years,
Monday appeared at the gate of the City
Prison and begged to be given a place in
which -to sleep.
"I am so tired and hungry." she tear
fully exclaimed, "and being without i
friends or money I am compelled to seek
charity."
After listening to her sad words Cor
poral Hiekey promptly admitted the young
woman and turned her over to the mat
ron. '•'.'.. .;
To the latter she said that she arrived
here yesterday from Contra Costa Coun
ty, intending to seek employment. She
had $3 75 in her purse and as she walked
along Market street her attention was. at
tracted to the numerous crowds that were
waiting for the arrival of the Nebraska
heroes.
"Anxious to see the boys in blue who
had fought for their country," she patri
otically remarked, "I mingled with the
crowd at Market and Stockton streets and
anxiously awaited the arrival of the
troops. As they appeared I lustily cheered
them and in my enthusiasm I forgot my
purse, containing all the money I had in
the world. As the soldiers passed I
thought of my purse and quickly placed
my hand in my pocket. To my intense
surprise it was gone. I remembered that
while I was cheering the brave soldiers
I felt a young man brush up against me
and it at once dawned upon me that I had
been robbed. I lost no time in finding a
policeman, to -whom I told the story of
my loss. He advised me to report the
robbery at police headquarters, but anx
ious to get the thief before he had an
opportunity to do away with the evidence
of his guilt I started out to find him. Af
ter walking all day without getting a
trace of him 1 concluded to seek shelter
in the prison, as I had no other place to
go."
Corporal Hiekey, on learning that the
ilnforunate young woman had not eaten
anything since early yesterday morning,
ordered the prison cook to prepare a sub
substantial supper . for her. As the girl
seems anxious to' get employment the
prison officials, intend-to apply to some
charitable institution with a view of ob
taining a position for her. -
MURDERER HOFF
HAS ANOTHER
SHOW FOR LIFE
Given a New Trial by
Supreme Court.
— »
JUDGE WALLACE'S ERRORS
— ♦ — ■
DISCUSSED TOO MANY FACTS IN
STEAD OF THE LAW.
• 4,
Mrs. Mary A. Clute's Slayer Has His
Neck Temporarily Saved on
Account of Techni
calities.
The Supreme Court has granted to Al
bert Vereneseneckockockhoff, otherwise
known as Albert Hoff, condemned to be
hanged for murder, a new trial. The crime
for which he was adjudged guilty and sen
tenced to suffer the extreme penalty of
the law is still fresh in the minds of most
of the people of this city, and especially
those living in the Mission. Mrs. Mary
Augusta ('lute moved from Fell street to
a new residence on Guerrero street, near
Eighteenth, and she hired HofT to lay her
carpets. That was on December 35. IS9*.
Later in the day the unfortunate woman
was found dead in one of the rooms. S.he
had been beaten to death with some blunt
instrument, supposed to be a hammer.
Hoff was seen going to the place, and wit
nesses saw him depart, yet no one wit
nessed the shocking crime. He was ar
rested and though the evidence against
him was strong it was purely circum
stantial. The trial took place before Su
perior Judge Wallace. *
While the links in the chain of evidence
were tightly drawn around the accused,
still the motive of the crime, if he was the
murderer, was missing, and this formed
one of the most important features of the
case being sent back to the lower court
for a new trial.. The appeal was based
upon the rulings complained of, which re
lated to the giving or refusing to give In
structions. In discussing the proceedings
of the lower court the higher tribunal
says:
Here the court tells the jury that
there are two main facts to be made
out by the prosecution: first, that a
crime" has been committed, and, sec
ond, that the defendant committed it;
and then proceeds to discuss the im
portance of the proof of motive. It
is recognized that motive is not the ul
timate fact to be proven, but the proof
or disproof of any motive or induce
ment to commit the crime is merely
evidentiary In its character, but is an
Important consideration, especially in
a case depending upon circumstantial
evidence.
The only matter of law in all this
is that the motive is not the ultimate
fact to be proven, and. of course, »it
would follow from this that if the com
mission of the crime by the defendant
be sufficiently proven it does not mat
ter whether there appears to have been
a motive or not. This is certainly true
in this class of cases. The presence
or absence of motive is matter of cor
roboration—or. rather, it makes other
evidence more or less persuasive. It
increases or diminishes the presump
tion of. Innocence, and in this case it
would have no other function. And this
is recognized in the charge, which nev
ertheless proceeds to tell the jury how
difficult it is to prove motive, and
states that "It may be in many cases
impossible to show or to establish a mo
tive, for the reason that we cannot
fathom the mind of the accused on
trial and ascertain if there is not a
hidden desire of vengeance or some
passion to be gratified: besides, there is
no rule of law which determines what
is or what is not an adequate motive,
even if it were necessary to show one."
Applying tills to the case, the Jury
were told that although the prosecu
tion might not he able to prove it, the
defendant may have had "a hidden de
sire of vengeance or some passion to
be gratified." This was not a statement
of a rule of law, but an argument
against the defendant on the facts, and
the court proceeds at some length with
this argument to the jury, claiming
that it is often impossible for the pros
ecution to prove the motive, though
one existed. • * » Section 19. Article
VI of the constitution reads as follows:
"Judges shall not charge juries with
respect to matters of fact, but may
state the testimony and declare the
law."
Justice McFarland dissented, but wrote
no opinion. Justice Garoutte wrote a dis
senting opinion, in which he stated that
while he considered the charge by the
trial Judge to be too long, he did not be
lieve that the jury was misguided by the
court's remarks. The Justice says that
while he will always stand for the pro
tection of the interests of any one com
ing before the higher court, he does not
think it necessary to cut too close to the
line of technicalities for the purpose of
finding some flaw in the work of the low- |
er courts. - j
SMOOT IS ARRESTED.
He Denies Any Knowledge of the
Conspiracy and Can Prove His
Innocence.
E. N. Smoot, the saloon-keeper at
Larkin and McAllister streets, returned,
as he said, from a fishing trip yesterday
afternoon and was arrested by Detective
Ed Gibson and booked at the City Prison
on the charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses from Mrs. Carroll. He gave $500
cash bail and was released.
Smoot says that lie will not make any
statement for publication till a day or
two. when he has had an opportunity of
consulting his attorney. He denies ac
knowledge of the conspiracy and declares
that he had not seen or spoken to "Brick"
McPhersoii for a year. McPherson is still
in the City Prison.
Dear Madam: "Pegamoid" says comet
You're welcome, Chronicle building. No. M.
In the Divorce Court.
Mlna A. Lleman has been granted a di
vorce from Henry F. Lleman, on the
ground of failure to provide. Balistie
Gere has been granted his application for
a divorce from Marguerite Gere, on the
ground of intemperance. Lottie M. Ewen
has applied for a divorce from William H.
Ewen, on the ground of desertion. Grace
Helen Powell has sued her husband. Clay
H. Powell, for maintenance. Mrs. Powell
alleges that her husband deserted her
some time ago and has since neglected to
contribute toward her support.
JUST RECEIVED
per ship ANCAIOS, from
Liverpool, shipments of
Cantrell & Cochrane Ginger Ale,
Andrew Usher Scotch Whisky.
Also ex recent vessels in-
voices of
" JOH4NNIS" Table Water,
•-DOG'S HEAD" BASS' ALE and
GUINNESS* STOUT.
, WILLIAM WOLFF & CO.,
329 Market Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
Elegant White
Golden Fleece
Blankets.
On Mondau, Julu 31st, will commence our
FALL SALE OF FINE WHITE BLANKETS.
During the past four months we have had
made to OUR SPECIAL ORDER bu the CELE-
BRATED GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MILLS an
immense auantitu of ELEGANT WHITE
BLANKETS, These Blankets are all made
from PURE AUSTRALIAN WOOL, Come in
all sizes, are bound with veru heavu wide silk
ribbon, and we will sell them at prices lower
• than present cost to manufacture, We will
also sell with these Blankets FOUR CASES
WHITE ENGLISH MARSEILLES BED-
SPREADS, extra size and all hemmed, at
i 53.50 each.
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY FOR QUALITIES AND PRICES,
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ONE WEEK Eg 5"
FREE 3* §
Treatment and Medicine g^k §
for 5 m%__f_
Catarrh Deafness, UmsP
1 NOISES IN THE EARS ex. £2y"w(
. AND THROAT DISEASES *Sg!>/ f_\
given to show the superior ;§§&>' __% *
merit of my new Invention SSgJ' iS3____-*-
-and ANTISEPTIC treatment; W A___\
that gives many marvelous g& |!^| .
cures and so easy a child || VJj^M -
! can use It. In 1200 test cases »
I all CATARRHAL patients re- Si jgS^HtS*,
1 lieved and SO per cent Deaf- £s&&aJsgKSg;
1 ness cured. Best of references ■tfti^'S^B'y- * ?J
! and hundreds of endorsements. But the .best is
! to try it and be convinced while you can.
' FREE FOR ONE WEEK.
Call at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palaoe Hotel.
Hours— A. M.. 1-3 and 7-S P. M. __
TURKISH
Antique, nilHO
A Rare, RUGS
Select HUUU
AT
ABSOLUTE AUCTION,
TURKISH RIG CO.'S ART ROOMS,
125 GEARY ST.,
Commencing
TO-MORROW, Thursday, Aug. 3,
at 2:30 P. M., for one week.
CTConnoisseurs and Home and Office Fur-
nishers are invited to this Important Sale.
A. W. I_OUDERBACK, Auctioneer.
NOTICE!
The public are hereby cautioned
that Dr. John H. Decker, dentist,
is NOT connected with my office.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER,
Dentist (30 years),
Phelan Building (iS.years).
a^ty pjMesWBB-^'^^H'a^B-BSSiSB-KB
Ifi 0B ___<___ ißw _J_f Ka Ld%a-T\!?C
MER-Wi
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cored by
ESHC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Pari*, i. ESPIC ; New York, E. POUGEBA 4 CO.
SOLD BY AU. DRUGGISTS.
RRTTQWI7Q FOR barbers, bak-
V-_lUOlli__lJ ers. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mi 11... foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
_ ■■-■'■ _ BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacraments si <
\M. T. HESS,
VOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNBT-Ar LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckeis Bldg.
:_."•'_" " Telephone Brown 931.
i Residence, 821 CalUornia st., below Powell,
; Ban Francisco.
AUCTION
— — 1. :
YON RHEIN & GO.,
513 California Street,
THURSDAY,
THURSDAY AUGUST 10, IS9»
At 12 M. Sharp.
Cor. Post and Stockton.
SO on Post. 46:8 on Stockton; N. E. cor.—
One of the finest retail and professional office
corners in San Francisco; rents $1500 monthly
if rightly improved.
FELL, NEAR MARKET.
27x120-22 Fell st.. N line. V, block from
Market, Polk, Van Ness and from end of. New
Panhandle.
MONTGOMERY. NEAR JACKSON— RENTS $175.
60:9x137:6— 512-814 Montgomery: 3-story and
basement brick and iron: 2 stores and 66 rooms.
PINE. NEAR LARKIN.
60x187:6—1330 Pine; 87tfc ft. E. of Larkin; old
Improvements, but a splendid lot; sunny; good
frontage; full depth; fine renting and central
locality.
FOURTH-STREET STORE AND FLAT— $50.
25xR0—339 Fourth st. (sunny side), near Clara;
rent now reduced to $50.'
PACIFIC, NEAR TAYLOR.
22x68:9—1003 Pacific; 2-story and basement
house; 8 rooms and bath; street accepted.
HARRISON, NORTHEAST OF SIXTH.
27:6x85-964-966 Harrison. 137*6 N. E. of Sixth
st. ; 4 Hats ln front and rear house of 5 rooms.
HARRISON, SOUTH OF NINTH.
30x70—1309 Harrison, S. line; S. of Ninth at.,
adjoining the corner of Dore St.. with dwelling.
LARGE CORNER, FILLMORE AND GREEN.
68:9x87:6— E. cor. Fillmore and Green;
accessible by 2 lines of cars to all parts of tha
city.
HOWARD. BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH.
22:6x80—920 Howard; 25 ft. E. of Mary St., be-
tween sth and Oth; cottage of 6 rooms and rear
house. ::-i'<;r~
TWENTY-SIXTH-STREET COTTAGE. .
24:4V.x90— 3105 26th st.. 25 feet Vf of Harrison;
4 rooms and bath; near Cogswell School; facing
Garfield Square. _^^^_^^_________
000000000000000000
?■» PALACE '«■' S
° GRAND (fSIM&M °
Jf SAN FRANCISCO. Q
" Connected by a covered passageway.
® 1400 Rooms— 9oo wih Bath Attached. *»
O All Under One Management. ©
O NOTE THE PRICES : O
O European Plan.Sl.OO per day and upward O
X American Plan.s3.oO per day and upward _
O Correspondence Solicited. V
O JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICK, Managtr. O
OOOOOOOOOOOQ
SP_\ Chichester's English Diamond Brand. '-
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PSLLS
Ef _/£L-^. Original and Only Genuine A
. __"f V"fc-' A. safe. •'"•J' reliable, ladies ut A\
£, i\ *^U Druggist for Chirhest.r c EnglisX Dia-SSnA
A^yC&n'iiei Brand in Red and Gold met_Jlla\\MP
•tv ____T«3eJsboie«, sealed with blue ribbon. Take VB?
IB ujjmo other. Refuse dangerovt subsf.tu- ▼
l'J i*" Jtf tions and imitations. At Dragflatt, or traddaw
I {— IP in •tarapa for t> irtleclara. tMttmoirifUt aad
I«♦ B " Belief for Ladles.'' <n Utter, br retmjre
JuT tV M * IL IO.OOOT-stlmoDiala. Heme P. 9 ».
~~ v ic«terC'-.ci«ilcalCo.,Miidl»o«Ba«»r^
IWa hr ell Local Urngglaf. PHILAOA-. YsY
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Kestorative. Invlgorator and Ner-
vine. - ' * v
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on lti own Merits.
NABER, ALFS A BRONE. Agenta,
223 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
I A PERMANENT CURE 1
5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ___
? and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
I I days ;no other treatment required. 5
C Sold by all druggists. >
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year