VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 42.
AID CARRIED TO MAROONED EGG HUNTERS
BY THE CALL'S STANCH TUG RELIANCE
Prompt Action Taken While
Other Papers Talked of
What Ought to Be
Done.
Assistance Was Tendered
as Death Stared Joe
Costa and Frank Martin
i
in the ace.
BY JOSEPH T. HANNA.
Six weeks ago Charles Baettge
■ T T
of the New California House -on
l^Tit cn tr a ir ed Frank Mar
tif and Joe Costa to go to the '
N^.nh Farallunes to gather sea
fowl eggs for the local market.
The men went to the rocks
under contract to supply Irvine
Bros., the grocers, with 5000
dozen of the eggs, but although
repeated attempts have been
made to take off what they had
gathered and supply the men
with water and provisions, only
twice was the attempt successful.
On the first occasion 120 dozen
01 e£T2"s were taken ft, and again,
twelve days ago. the house
keepers on the South Farallones
got some water and provisions to
the imprisoned egg hunters.
For five days Martin and Costa
had not a drop of water to drink.
For three days and three nights
they were drenched to the skin by
the spray that broke continuously
over the rock,- and during this
trying experience the wild fowl
eggs served as both meat and
drink for them.
Monday last it became general
jv known that the men were in
danger of dying from thirst un
less assistance was sent to them
at once. The morning and even
ing papers wasted a great deal of
sv'mpathy •on the unfortunate
feilows imprisoned upon the
rocks, and also considerable space
in informing their readers that
water is what the marooned men
need." While all this stuff was
being put in type Martin and
Costa were, .thanks to The Call,
enjoying long draughts of the
much needed water. Incidentally
they were also enjoying a much
needed change of diet in the
shape of hard tack and canned
beef, also supplied by The Call.
Directly The Call management
heard of the plight in which the
unfortunate egg hunters had '
been placed., a tug was commis
sioned and a relief expedition I
organized. The instructions were j
to get the men off the rock if
possible. If that were impossible 1
to see that water and provisions
were supplied them in sufficient
quantities to sustain life until the
men could be taken off the rock ;
in safety. There were no in- j
structions in regard to the size or '
kind of a story that was to be
made out of the incident, but
simply the broad injunction,
"Save the men." :
The instructions were followed
to the letter. The weather was
such as to make a landing on the
rock impossible. The men would
not leave behind them the 1000 j
dozen of eggs gathered with
much care and tribulation, more |
particularly as a sloop was lying
at the South Farallones awaiting
a smooth sea to take them off. j
This sloop, the Ma Belle, lost I
three skiffs trying to land' pro- j
visions and water on the rock. {
The San Francisco Call.
THE CALLS RELIEF TUG RELIANCE.
Under the circumstances all The j
Call expedition could do it did — ;
supplied the men with the pre- '
cious water and the much needed I
provisions, leaving life and hope
with the desolate and deserted.
Martin and Gosta and their ioooi
dozen of eggs, secured at such aj
SAN FRANCISCO. WEDNESDAY, JULY 12, 1899.
THE CALL CARRIES AID TO MAROONED EGG HUNTERS.
When it was made public that two egg hunters. Frank Martin and Joe Costa, were marooned
on the bleak and inhospitable rocks of North Farallon Island, and had been for weeks without
water or food other than the eggs they had purposed to steal. The, Call lost no time in idle specu
lation as to the chances of the men being rescued, but immediately sent out the tug Reliance fully
provisioned in aid of the castaways. Notwithstanding the fact that the waves were running so high
that it was almost worth a man's life to attempt to approach the island in a boat, the sturdy and
brave men in charge of the tug succeeded in getting provisions and water to the suffering men. and
left them with the assurance that they would be looked after and taken off as soon as the waves went
down sufficiently to permit a landing.
Three times had the employers of the men attempted to succor them, and each time tn°ir
efforts were made unavailing by the force of the storm. Three battered and stranded boats decaying
on the drear rocks tell the story of those attempts, but The Call's boat successfully fulfilled its mis
sion, and while the other papers of the city were telling the public that unless something ware done
quickly the men would die, The Call was landing provisions and water to the almost famished unfor
tunates.
risk, will probably reach the city
in the Ma Belle to-day or to-mor
row.
THE Farallon Islands have for
ages been a famous rookery for
sea lions an<3 a nesting place for
sea fov.l. The little murre (sea
mew) poes there in tens of thou
sands every season to raise Its young
and for years the cliff climber has fol-
SAVED FROM DEATH ON THE NORTH FARALLONES.
lowed them to the rorks in order to
gather in the eggs for home consump
tion. "Farallon eggs." as they are
called, soon came into great demand,
owing to their cheapness, among bak- j
era and cheap restaurants, and in con- i
sequence the nests were systematically I
robbed to supply the market.
The raiding became so great that
fears were entertained that the mews
might become extinct, so the Govern- j
ment forbade everybody from taking j
eggs from the islands with the excep
tion of one individual, who was allowed
to take so many and no more. Even
this restriction did not give the desired
relief, so a few years ago the taking :
of eggs from the rocks was entirely !
prohibited.
When seal hunting was prohibited by j
the Government seal poaching began
and when the taking of eggs from the
Farallon rocks was stopped egg poach
ing began. Six weeks ago the season j
I for "Farallon eggs" opened and Frank ]
Martin and Joe Costa were quietly !
landed from the sloop Ma Belle, Com
! modore Baettge master, on the North
i Farallon rock.
A drearier or more desolate spot
i would be hard to find on the Pacific
| Coast. During every storm It is swept
to its highest pinnacle by driv
ing spray and only in a per
j feet calm is it possible to land
i^on or leave the rock. Millions of sea.
fowl and thousands of sea lions make
their home (here, and as this is the
breeding season the lions are very fero- ]
cious. Several of them attacked the j
; egg hunters and on one occasion Joe j
! rvista would have lost his life had not j
j .Martin driven the sea lion off with an
i iron rod, which he poked into the in
furiated hrute's eye. It seized Costa
hy the leg, threw him down. and then !
1 mounted guard over him. Martin '
I grabbed an iron rod used in climbing
! the ciiff arid went to his companion's
assistance. A vigorous poke in the eye
caused the 11 to lose its balance and
go tumbling Into the breakers below.
This desolate island was the spot
i upon which Martin and Costa were to
j live until they had gathered in 5000
j dozen of eggs. Had all gone well no
i one would have known where the mar
ket supply came from, but then all did
not go well. The men were put on the
j rock in a dead calm and with provi
j sions sufficient to last them a week.
I For several days the calm continued
i and when the Ma Belle returned to the
city she carried 120 dozen of eggs with
her. On taking his leave Captain Bob
S Spear promised to return with water
I and provisions inside of four days. The
Ma Belle was back on the appointed
date, but in the meantime a storm had
come up and it was impossible to.com
municate with the imprisoned men. An
1 attempt was made, but directly, a skifX^
Food and Water Landed as
the Elements Battled
Against Efforts of
Rescuers.
was launched it was stove in against
the Ma Belle's side. Spear accordingly
sailed away for the South Farallon arnl
anchored the sloop In a sheltered spot
near the south landing.
When the wind went down he re
turned to the North Farallon. but such
a heavy sea was. running that noth
ing 1 could be done. The two unfortu
nates signaled .frantically that they
wanted water, but no water could be
given thorn because no boat could live
anywhere near the breakers. Another
storm came up and the sloop was near-
Jy swamped and had to run for San
Francisco.
Again the Ma Belle was provisioned
and this time she went out as a rescue
boat. Bad luck st' ' followed her and
when the Farallones were reached an
other storm was raging. The men had
now been without water or provisions
for a week and were reduced to living
on raw eggs. Their only covering from
the blinding spray was an old sail be
longing to the sloop and their resting
place was a cleft in the rorks. The Ma
Belle had again to run before the gale
after losing another skiff In a vain at
tempt to make a landing.
As the sloop disappeared in the dis
tance the two unfortunates almost gave
way to despair. The fact that their
plight was known gave them courage,
however, and they continued to live on
In. hope, subsisting on raw eggs alone..
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Despite the Fury of Wind
and Wave Relief Was
Sent (o the Suffering
Unfortunates.
While the Ma Belle was In San Fran
cisco being repaired and made ready
for a third attempt at rescue, the light
keepers on the South Farallon got an
inkling that all was not right on the
most northerly rock. From a remark
dropped by Spear they came to the con
clusion that some men were weather
bound on the rock, so on the first fine
day they launched a boat, provisioned
it with water, bacon, potatoes, onions,
two rabbits, several loaves of bread and
whatever else they could spare. When
they reached the rock Martin and Costa
were almost dead from thirst and ex
posure.
The lighthouse men are experts at
rigging up a trolley from the shore to a
boat, and it was not long before the
things they had brought with them
were passing over a heaving line to the
shore. Some charcoal brought from the
lighthouse was also sent ashore, and
with it Costa did not take long to make
a fire. The weather was such that the
men would have risked their lives to
leave the rock, but on receiving this
welcome installment of aid, they waved
farewell to the lightkeepers and turned
to the first cooked meal they had seen
in weeks.
This was a fortnight ago and the sup
ply of provisions given them by the
lightkeepers lasted only a little over a
week. Again they were reduced to an
; egg diet, and until The Call's relief ex
pedition arrived eggs had been meat
i and drink to them. It was easy to ap-
I pease their hunger.' but they were al
ways thirsty and toward the end the
desire for a drink of water was almost
maddening.
When the tug Reliance approached
! the rock they pointed to their parched
! throats and motioned that water was
j all they wanted. It was finally got
ashore to them in a five-gallon milk
; can and those poor fellows drank until
they could not hold the can to their
lips any longer. They were offered a
passage back to the city, but refused,
saying they had suffered the tortures
of the damned in order to secure the
eggs they went out for and now they
were going to take them to the city or
stay on the rock forever.
Enough canned meats, hardtack and
bread to last them a week were put
ashore. This will be more than enough
to last them, as the sea was rapidly
going down yesterday and by to-day or
to-morrow the Ma Belle will be able
to take them and their eggs off the
rock.
It was 6 o'clock Tuesday morning
when the tug Reliance with two Call
men aboard started for the North Far
j allon rock. Captain Gilbert Brokaw
i had made all the necessary arrange
ments and was ready for any emerg
ency. The skiff Vigilant was lashed on
deck and in it Captain Brokaw' said his
mate. J. Olsson, could make a landing
anywhere.
No one on the Reliance knew on
which of the three 'rocks forming the
North Farallones the' men were, so a
systematic search had to be made.
They were discovered on the most
northerly one of the group. A rope fas
tened to the pinnacle of the rock and
falling to a landing place near the base
revealed their whereabouts to Captain
Brokaw. On this spot were collected
! thousands of eggs, some in sacks and
! some in tin cans, but the majority lay
loose on the rock. The rope had been
used in scaling the rock to secure the
eggs.
Martin and Costa had been sheltered
from the wind in a fissure of the rock,
but a hail from the tug soon brought
them forth, when they made a panto
mime appeal for water. The skiff Vigi
lant was lanched from the deck of the
Reliance and a five-gallon can of water
j put in it. Mate Olsson and one of The
Call men got aboard and started for
the rock. It was impossible to make
a landing owing to the swell, so Mar
tin threw a rope to the boat and Olsson
| made it fast to the milk can. To make
I sure there would be no mishap, he fas
tened a second line to the can and held
it in his hand, paying out as Martin
hauled in. It was lucky he did so. as
the line Martin was hauling on parted
and both can and water would have
been lost.
The precious can was hauled back
aboard the skiff and again Martin
threw his line aboard and again it was
made fast to the can. This time Costa
got down on the rock and kept it from
chafing, so the water reached the rock
in safety. It did not take long to g<\
the lid off and then each man took a
long draught. As long as their weak
ened arms could hold the can up they
kept it to their lins, only to sit down
<» Continued on Second Pac*, ,2
TROOPS ARE
HURRIED TO
CAPE COLONY
Britain Is Clearly Preparing j
' for War in the
Transvaal.
HER PURPOSE PLAIN
♦ —
The Colony of Queensland Offers |
Soldiers to 'Telp the Mother
I intry.
1 "
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, July 11.- The Seventy
third Battery of Artillery has been or- j
dered to South Africa, also the Fifth i
Battery of Field Artillery is now under. I
orders for the Cape. All the gun car
riages of these batteries are being
painted to match the local colors.
Thirty machine guns were shipped to
the Transvaal to-day.
The Parliamentary secretary for the
Foreign Office, Mr. Wyndham, replying j
to a question in the House of Commons
to-day, paid the communication pub
lished by the London Times of July T. j
giving the names of British office) cle
tailed to proceed to South Africa to or
ganize the forces there, had been sent
with' the knowledge of the Marquis of \
Lansdowne. Secretary of State for
War.
The Secretary of State for the Colo- '
nies, Mr. Chamberlain, in the course of
a reply to Henry Campbell-Bannerman.
Liberal member, on the subject of
President Kruger's latest proposals,
said that in the absence of full inform
ation it was impossible to be certain as
to the practical effect of the franchise j
scheme, but so far as he was able to j
judge, it would have no immediate ef- j
feet on the representation of the Out
landers in the first Volksraad. and he
was not certain the Outlanders would |
be able to carry any of the new seats
allotted to them in the Rand until a
very much later date.
LORENZO, Marquese, Delagoa Bay,
July 11.— British second-class j
cruiser Doris and the first-class gun- ;
boat Widgeon, with Rear Admiral Si: i
H. Harris, in command of .the Cape
and West African station, on board the
cruiser, have arrived here.. :
BRISBANE, Queensland, ' July 11.— ..;
The Government of Queensland has j j
cabled to the Secretary of State for the I •
Colonies, Mr. Chamberlain, offering 250 ■ :
mounted infantry with a machine gun, 1
for service in South Africa in case of .
hostilities between Great Britain and \ .
the Transvaal. j .
aid carried to
marooned egg hunters
Continued from First Pa*e.
and take another null as the turn came |
around.
Both men were emaciated, but not as !
much as one would expect from what j
they had pone through. They were I
dressed in brown overalls and each had j
a sack around his shoulders. Costa j
lost his hat in the fight with the sea j
lion and was wearing one that he had
manufactured out of a piece or canvas j
Martin wore a black hat which showed j
traces of frequent contact with the
rocks. Both wore climbing- slippers
made of canvas and rope, and while
Martin showed a bountiful six weeks*
crop ef whiskers, Costa looked as
though he had been shaved a couple of
days ago.
By very careful handling Mate Ols-
Fon kept the skiff near enough to the
rocks to carry on a conversation. It
was not carried on in a stage whisper
and was occasionally drowned by the
"squawk! squawk!" of the myriad of
birds that circled overhead and the
"bark! bark!" of the sea lions.
"That is the first drink of water we
have had in five days," said Martin in
answer to a question. "We have used
eggs as meat and drink so long that j
the sight of one almost nauseates me
and I will never be able to look at a
murre again without disgust. We have
had several fights with the sea lions, j
and on Saturday, Sunday and Monday
we were drenched again and again with
the driving spray. We live in a hole
in the rock, but it is desperately cold
and we have not had a bit of fire since
the men from the lighthouse station
brought us some coke along with a sup
ply of provisions.
"No, we won't go back wijth you,
thanks just the same. I am not sur
prised that The Call Bent you nut to
bring us in, because it is just like the
paper to help any one in distress. But
you see the Ma Belle will be here as
soon as the swejl goes down and that
will be to-morrow, I think, and we are
bound to get these eggs to market. We
have been out here a mighty long time
and Buffered considerable getting these
things gathered, and if we go away
now all our time and labor will be
wasted. We wouldn'.t have a cent to
show for all we have gone through. A
wash and a clean bed to Bleep in would
be worth more than the money, but
now we have stayed this long with the
venture we'll stay to the end.
"Th« first time he was out here in
the Ma Belle, Spear stayed six days,
trying to make a landing, and the next
time he stayed a week. I never saw
such a run of bad weather and we got
the full benefit of it."
Just about this time the skiff Vigi
lant began to leak considerably and the
bailer had to be used freely. Mate Ols
son therefore roved back to the Re
liance and got the provisions Captain
Brokaw had fixed up. These were
taken back to the rock and safely got
ashore, after which no time was wasted
in getting the Vigilant back aboard the
tug. It was a wet. disagreeable Job,
but, then, what was it compared with
the weeks Martin and Costa have gone
without a dry stitch to their backs and
with nothing to eat or drink but Far
allon eggs?
G/'ren away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey.
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
riariy for framing.
ENGINEER AND
STATION AGENT
WERE AT FAULT
The Blame for the Newman Rail=
road Disaster Is Fixed
Upon Two Men,
R. B. ALLEN.
The engineer of the wrecked teachers' special, "upon whom blame is placed
for thi disaster.
OAKLAND, July U.— Engineer Allen and Conductor Fassett of the
Hl-fated train v.-recked at Newman yesterday returned to their homes
in this city to-night. They both feigned the strictest reticence when ap
proached by a reporter.
"I would not care to make any statement for a day or two." said
Allen. "I haven't been subpenaed to attend the inquest as yet, and
then will be time enough to talk. I would not lay the blame for the
wreck on any one, but I do feel there is no blame resting on myself or
our crew: I do not wish to state whether the lights at Newman indi
cated a clear track or not. I am sorry, but I will no.t give my version
of the affair until the proper time."
Conductor Fassett. when seen at his home, .863 Willow street, to
night, declined at first to speak, but finally volunteered a statement in
dicating that he regards the freight train crew responsible.
"I saw the lights at Newman just after the wreck and they were
for a clear track ahead, but of course lights may be wrong, just as peo
ple are sometimes wrong, and we are expected to use some judgment in
such matters. I would not place the blame. However, the freight train
was behind time, and it was my intention to hold my train at Newman
at least six minutes, because it is a rule that trains are not allowed to
follow each other within less than ten minutes, except in case special
permission is granted. I realized that we were nearing Newman sta
tion and I felt my train slacking down in speed. A minute later
there was a crash. ®It was awful.
"I have not been subpenaed to the inquest yet. That is generally
done through the company. They attend to those matters. I can't feel
that our crew was to blame for the terrible wreck."
NEWMAN, July 11.— The bodies of Mrs. Lena Thomas and Miss Addie Harris,
who were killed in the train wreck here yesterday, were sent north on the
early morning train to-day. After the coffins were, placed in wooden boxes
a number of the ladies of this place called at Schank's undertaking parlors
and attached to' the rough boxes many beautiful floral offerings.
The wreckers have about finished clearing the wreckage from the .tracks and
placing it to one side to be hauled to the scrap-iron yards in this city.
The officials of the Southern Pacific Railroad have made a partial investiga
tion of the accident of Monday at Nswman, by which two women were killed and
many injured, and have fixed the blame upon Engineer Archie Ben Allen of the
teachers' excursion train and E. C. Hartwell, the station agent. With the latter it
was an error in the use of the semaphore signals, and with the former it was a
criminal blunder in running ahead of his time when he must have known that ha
was close to another train.
This is the judgment of J. A. Fillmore, manager of the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company's system. All day Monday the officials of the road were calling for
reports from their subordinates who were interested in or knew of the circum
stances attending the wreck. Mr. Fillmore, in discussing the sad- accident, .iesis
nated the freight as regular, No. 245. lie said the orders issued were that No. 'jls
should keep the main line and be passed when overtaken, and, according to cal
culations, this would occur at Ingomar. ten miles from where the wreck took
place The orders to the special excursion were that the train should keep out of
the way of all regular trains. By the signal system of the line this could havo
been done for at almost any one of the stations additional orders could be given
and received if there were any. According to the manager the regular. No. 245,
arrlvi '1 a.t Newman two minutes ahead of time, and the engineer, seeing by the
sigi al on the semaphore that there were no orders, the locomotive was stopped at
:ii. vater tank to take on a supply for the boilers.
When there are no orders the arm of the semaphore is down at an acute anjrla
and the white light is exposed. This was in condition when the regular, No. 245,
was standing at the tank, and the statijn agent could not put up the red light and
the extended arm while this train was there. When the special came In eight Sta
tion Agent E. C. Hartwell turned the semaphore to the red light, and upon En
gineer Allen whistling for signals Hartwell dropped the arm, showing the whita
light This was the- fatal mistake, and his excuse that he thought the excursion
would take the siding and pass the freight train seems to have but little weiyht at
headquarters. ' , .
The report of Engineer Allen of the special is that he was watching the
signals on the semaphore, for which he whistled, and did not drop his eyes to
the track ahead of him. Consequently he failed to see the lights on the rear
end of the regular freight until too late.
"Is there any question about the lights being on th© rear of the freight
train?" was asked. . , .
"None whatever. The usual lights, were there all right, and, more than
that, tho brakeman, seeing the approaching train and fSaring that it was
likely to get too close, •grabbed the first lantern that he could get— a white
light— and rushed down the track about 400 feet, waving it to attract the atten
tion of the engineer of the oncoming train," answered Mr. Fillmore, who went
on to say that the fault of Engineer Allen was that he had no business to have
been so near another train. The rules of the road require that a special
should be at least ten minutes behind regular trains.
"The blame for this sad accident," continued Mr. Fillmore, "lies with the en
gineer of the special and with the station operator. Allen was at fault for be
ing six minutes ahead of his time without having his engine under control.
That he reversed the lever and put on the air brakes to avert a collision when
he saw the lantern and the lights on the freight train is a fact, but that did not
lessen the damage. The station operator was at fault for giving a 'clear' sig
nal when the regular freight was standing on the main track at the station."
Mr. Fillmore said lhat the freight train was composed of about forty cars,
and, with the exception of the man on the extreme end— he who ran down the
track with thf pignal lantern— none of the crew knew of the seriousness of the
collisidn for several minutes. The engineer was first attracted to the occur
rence by a slight jar to the engine, for the train was so long that the shock
was lost before it reached the front end. To the engineer of the regular no
blame is attached by the railroad officials.
Engineer Allen has been suspended, but whethpr temporarily or permanent
ly is not knov ■•. Tie has been running trains over that route for many years.
His first start in railroading was in 1888 as a fireman, and until the accident
of last Monday he has been rated as a careful and trustworthy employe.
MISS GRANT TO WED
PRINCE CANTACUZENE
NEWPORT, July 11.— It has been,
definitely settled that Miss Julia Denti
Grant, daughter of General and Mrs.
Frederick D. Grant, and Prince Canta
cuzene of Russia will be married at
Newport in September. Except that it
will occur late in September nothing
has yet been determined in regard to
the time, nor can the exact date be
fixed until it is learned when Prince
Cantacuzene can come to America. He
is very busy In the summer with his |
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 12, 1899.
military duties. He is expected to ar
rive in America, however, early in Sep
tember. Mies Grant and her mother
will meet him In New York, and all will
return to Beaulleu and visit Mrs.
Potter Palmer and get ready for the
wedding.
lowa Leaves the Drydock.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 11.— Th« bat
tleship lowa floated out of the dry dock
at the Port Orchard naval station to
nig-ht. .She started out at 7:30 and by 8:20
was anchored in the sound. The event
was witnessed by a large number of ex
cursionists from this city. While in the
dock the lowa was thoroughly cleaned
and bilge keels were put on.
"ROSE OF
THE VALLEY"
IS MISSING
Hattie Waltham Disappears
From Her Home at
Covelo.
FEARS MM LIFE
Scores of Men Searching the Moun- 1
tains and Placing Beacon
Fires.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO, July 11.— Excitement due
to the mysterious disappearance, of
! Hattie Waltham is at high tension here
I to-night. Scores of horsemen and
[ searching parties afoot are scouring
j the ranges, canyons and mountain
! sides for a trace of the missing girl.
' Panthers, bears and mountain lions
; abound in the neighboring thickets,
: and grave fears are entertained for her
j safety.
Miss Waltham, who has been known |
| as the "Rose of Round Valley." is the j
beautiful stepdaughter of Sylvester
Palmer, a wealthy stockraiser of the
J section. She is a fair flower of the
! mountains, much loved by the people
!of Round Valley. She was last seen at
5 o'clock last night, after which hour
jno trace of her has been found. The
young woman of late had showed indi
cations of depressed spirits and has
suffered greatly from fits of melan
choly. Her homo life was surrounded
i by every comfort, and no theory can be
advanced by her stepfather. Sylvester
| Palmer, as a probable cause for her
disappearance. Mrs. Palmer says Miss
Hattie was about the house as usual
| yesterday afternoon, and at f> o'clock
she was noticed to take a book from
■■ the library, step out into the rear yard i
and seat herself under the shade of a 1
; tree. She has frequently strolled af&T
into the heavy timber and spent the |
: clay rambling about, but always re
turned in the early evening.
Miss Hattie is only 18 years of aso. j
britrht and accomplished and thorough
;ly domestic in her habits. That there
is no "man in the case" is the general i
1 belief. Parents and neighbors assert
positively that Mis? Hattie is innocent
of any contemplated elopement or
! -wrongdoing.
The searching parties are heing re
,in forced hourly. The mountains and;
Sid* hills to-night are brightly illumi- ■
natod by bonfires and Innterns in the j
t faint hope that they mitrht act as bea- ;
i con lights for the girl should she have i
' -wandered off and become lost. On" of |
the searchers. Sam Marks of San Fran- :
, cisco. found in a dusty track a foot- j
I print of a person that had lost one shoe.
Thinking that the strain of bewilder- j
I merit. had probably dethroned the poor
i girl's reason, he felt that he had made
jan important discovery. The footprints
w«re followed along the trail into a
i dark, timbered canyon and were lost.
' Marks frequently halloed and waited j
I for an answer, hearing only the echo j
'of his own voice. As he approached
a rocky divide in the canyon he was
startled by a roar from a huge pan- j
ther, which he quickly dispatched with j
his rifle. He became fearful that this
beast had perhaps devoured the girl,
| but, having found the panther's den
land kittens close by it, he. was more
hopeful for her safety.
Men of every calling are mustered
into the search, and although un
confirmed rumors come in from the
mountains of the finding of the girl,
none of them have proved authentic.
CONVICT CLAIMS THAT
JOHN W. GATES LIVES
Offers Aid to a Man Arrested for a
Murder of Twenty-eight
Years Ago.
MEXICO. Mo., July 11.— James Lee, an
inmate of the Missouri Penitentiary, Jef
ferson City. Mo., writes to a newspaper
here that Gilbert Gates, brother of John
W. Gates of Chicago, and for whose mur
der twenty-eight years afco Alexander
Jester is under arrest, was alive in 1894.
The letter In full follows:
I have noticed the publications In re
gard to the Jester case and will kindly
ask you if a deposition from me .vill
be given consideration, as I am well
acquainted with Gates and know that
he was alive and well in August. 1594,
and living in Arizona under the name
of George Dorsey. If you will write
to Monahan & Murphy, who run a
general store in Needles, Cal., they
will remember him. for we were min
ing and prospecting partners and often
bought supplies from them. If I can
be of service in the case I will give
you all the information I can. _ Jours
truly JAMES LEE.
Box 47. Convict No. 14.388.
Jester refused to-day to talk about the
convict's letter. He is growing stronger
every day and seems confident that he
will be cleared of the charge. He still
denies that he is the man wanted.
PROMISES MADE BY
DEWEY TO AGUINALDO
Admiral Said to Have Admitted That
He Was Aided by the Fili
pino Leader.
BOISE, Idaho, July 11.— A. Mueller,
a wealthy brewer, has Just returned
from Manila. He was at the Philippines
before Dewey's victory. He makes a
sensational statement, quoting Dewey,
to the effect that Aguinaldo and his
men aided Dewey in running the fleet
into harbor, in pursuance of a prear
ranged plan, the promises made Aguin
aldo coming from Washington. The
promises never were kept, and that is
one of the reasons for Aguinaldo's bit
terness. Mueller is president of one of
the biggest brewing companies in the
Northwest.
High Price for Wool.
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn., July 11.— A
special to the Times from Helena, Mont.,
says: The highest price received for wool
in Montana for five years was paid to
day at Fort Benton, according to a dis
patch received from there to-night, a clip
of 17,000 pounds sheared by John Washes
being sold at 19% cents. The average price
of the sales at that point was 18% cents.
Buyers from all over the State had ap
pointed the day to go to that point to
make purchases and twenty buying
houses were represented.
Manufacturers Advance Prices.
CHICAGO, July 11.— Manufacturers of
drill and seed Implements met to-day
and decided to make an advance of 15 per
cent in prices of seeders and drills. This
action was taken. It was said, on account
of the large advance that has been made
in iron and steel.
KAISER BOASTS AN
AN INFLEXIBLE WILL
Villiam of Gerrrjaoy Calmly Place
riimself Alongside the Great
Elector of Prussia.
BIELEFELD, Prussia, July 11.— On the unveiling here to-day of a
tablet commemorating Emperor William's speech in IS<VT. in the
course of which he promised protection to national labor, the
Kaiser telegraphed his Intention of presenting to the city the cost
of the statue of the great Elector, intended for Berlin, as a memorial of
his reception and a reminder that he. like his great ancestor, "has an
inflexible will," and. in spite of opposition, 'pursues without deviation
a course of recognized right."
DYER ANGRY AT
ANTI-IMPERIALISTS
He Says Winsiow Is a
Traitor.
NEEDS ATTENTION AT ONCE
BOSTON PEOPLE GIVEN LITTLE
NOTICE.
Army and Navy People at Washing
ton Do Not Heed the Crusade
Led by Edward
Atkinson.
Spertal Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON July IL— When Captain Dyer
of the navy declared himself regarding
Boston "goody goodies" who, he said,
were making trouble among the Filipinos,
the • principal anti-imperialists of Boston
paid nn attention to the newly coined title.
Secretary Ervlng Wlnslow of the Anti-
Imperialist League believed, however,
that the fight should not be dropped and
wrote the following open letter to Captain
"Sir- I see that you state in a recent in
terview that the anti-imperialists mn?t l>?
put down. How do you propose that it
should be done? On the other hand, el
me tell you that we have reason to be
lieve that the majority of the people of
the United States is resolved to put down
the martial spirit which has been recently
lit Ke in yellow journalism.. In .certain
ouarters artd in the 'service, which
| threatens civil rights at home and peace
and justice abroad. They do no < L' n A tl s
the republic as a police force. Passing ln
duigence in an enthusiasm for personal
brave -which is an accident of the hour,
is not to be mistaken for popular ap
proval of militarism foreign to the spirit
! °Cap^n S)ye P r e said, after reading the let
! toVf P "This fellow Wlnslow ought to b d e
! nounced as a traitor to his eojintrs for
: writing; such a letter. Any one v.h>> will
id/lher S aU-iy oppose ajd try to ' Prevent the
I work Of the army and navy of his country
! is ns low in mv estimation, as though ne
' were to deliberately fake up arms against
I his country, and should be taken in ha.id
at "Th"" American soldiers are enduring
enough perils and hardships in the 1 hi
i ipnines without being decried and Oe
| nounced by a few Boston cranks who have
taken it Into their heads that the Admln
' istration is carrying on a campaign tor
tiie fun of the thing " _ ._
WASHINGTON. July 11. - 1 here Is
a disposition in administration find
i army and navy circles to treat with
'■ indifference the open letter of Ervlng
Winsiow to Captain Dyer, who command
ed the cruiser Baltimore in the battle of
Manila Bay. The letter is regarded as
; simply another effort to give publicity to
i views against expansion in the hope or
| making converts
ELECTIOTT AT BOISE.
Republicans Score an Overwhelming
Victory.
BOISE, Idaho, July 11.— The city elec
tion here resulted in a complete vic
tory for the Republicans. Judge J. H.
Richards, a former Coloradoan, was
elected Mayor, and six of the nine
Councilmen are Republicans. The Re
publicans also elected the Attorney,
Tax Collector and Treasurer, losing the
Clerk and the Assessor. Women Clerk
and Tax Collector were elected. Ex
cept on the head of the ticket the Re
-1 publican majority averages 250 out of
a total of 1563 votes cast. The vote was
nearly 1200 short as compared to that
of the last general election, there be
ing almost that many stay-at-homes.
In 1896 this city gave Bryan a ma
jority of 916 votes. The head of the
Republican ticket was slashed because
in 1896 Richards left the Republican
party, coming back last year. He re
ceived but thirty-five majority over his
Democratic opponent.
BUCHANAN WTLL RESIGN.
The Minister Intends to Go Into the
Banking Business.
Bj>ecial Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, July 11.— " W. I.
Buchanan, United States Minister,
sailed to-day for Montevideo, where he
will remain two days. He will go then
to Rio de Janeiro and embark there on
the steamer Buffon for New York. I
am assured that Minister Buchanan in
tends to resign his position and start
a banking house, with a branch office
In Argentina. Mr. Buchanan signed
yesterday the commercial treaty be
tween Argentina and the United States.
CHATJTATJQUA CONCEBT.
First of a Series at the Pacific Grove
Assembly.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 11.—The first of
three grand concerts of the Pacific Coast
Chautauqua Annual Assembly was given
in the large assembly hall to-night by
the Knickerbocker Male Quartet of San
Francisco, assisted by Miss Beresford
Joy, contralto, and Cyrus Brownlee New
ton, humorous reader. An excellent pro
gramme was rendered.
To-day was spent by Chautauquans in
organizing many of the classes for the
work of the present assembly, those or
ganized being the botany, child study,
i cookery, photography, physical culture,
china painting, Spanish and music
classes. Each was opened by a lecture
and demonstrations of work to be carried
on, and. nearly all have good member
ship. Milton L. Lawrence's children's
Furniture, Dlanoa and freight moved. Sig-
nal Transfer Co.. 530 Jones; tel. Sutler 411.
44 The Laborer is
Worthy of His Hire/
'But a. tvage-earner can earn more if he
has vigorous health. The blood is the
life-giving and strength-making part of the
system. If it is pure, all is •well; if not, it
should be purified nvith Hood's Sarsa-
parilla, <which makes the tveak strong.
I music class is especially successful, there
< being nearly liO members. One of the
I concerts of this assembly will be given
; by the children's music class.
To-morrow i-r. E. McClish. president of
the Pacific Coast Ghautauqua, wilt for
! mally open the business sessions.
PATRICK KERVIN DIES
UNDER SURGEON'S KNIFE
Mining Expert Succumbs, to the
Effects of an Operation for
Chronic Pneumonia.
SAN JOSE, July 11.— Patrick Kervin,
one of the best-known mining men in
the West, died at the O'Connor Sani
tarium in this city at 7 o'clock this
evening of pneumonia. He came to the
sanitarium on June 13. Previous to
this he had been in the Waldeck Hos
pital at San Francisco for a month.
Kerwin was a native of County Wex
ford, Ireland. 61 years of age. He came
to California in ISR3 and engaged in
mining, which he had followed success
fully since. Kervin was superintendent
of the Consolidated Virginia, Best &
Belcher, Gould & Curry and Utah
mines. He was also interested in these
and other properties. For a number of
years he was superintendent of the On
tario at Park City, Utah. He returned
to California eleven years ago and be
came identified with the Comstock
mines. A widow and three children
survive him.
As Kervin gradually grew worse the
pneumonia became chronic and the
only hope of saving his life lay in an
operation, which was performed this
afternoon. He never rallied.
Kervin was a practical miner, and
his judgment was greatly sought by
corporations. He aided in developing
many mines and did much to advance
properties undm his superintends'!!' y.
He is reported to have had a consider
able fortune. Arrangements for the
funeral have not yet been made.
WILL TOUR THE WORLD.
Son of Cornelius Vanderbilt to Visit
Foreign Lands.
NEW YORK, July 11.— A special to
the Herald from Newport says: Al
fred G. Vanderbilt, son of Cornelius
Vanderbilt, will leave next week on a
trip around the world, accompanied by
Douglass Cochran and William P. Bur
den, son of James A. Burden, both of
whom graduated at Harvard this year,
and Ernest Iselin, son of Adrian Iselin
Jr.. who was of the class- of '98 of Co
lumbia College. The party will prob
ably leave New York on July 20, going
across the continent to Vancouver,
where it .will take steamer, for Japan.
The, young: men will rough it in vari
-ous countries. They are equipped with
letters from the different governments.
Young Vanderbilt seeks adventure,
and Papa Vanderbilt encourages his
son. j
All-wool ready-
made suits $ 8 00
In buying clothing you must rely almost entirely
upon the reputation of the merchant
When a man buys a suit here we aim- to give I
him his moneys worth ; and to assure him that we |
think we have, we guarantee the suit : '
Money returned if you want it; or
Suit kept in repair free for one year.
T.iose $8 suits are fully guaranteed. The pat-
terns are desirable— are absolutely sure of satis-
faction — in fact we take the risk, you don't. 1
Boys' Soldier Suits, washable material, neatly jj
. trimmed, ages 3to 10, for vacation wear 85c I
Blue Overalls, made for girls' wear 40c j
- Boys' Reefer Suits, small sizes, $3.^0 values. .62.45
>$ffif£/ 71 8 MARKET ST
Out-of-town orders filled — write us. . I
BETRAYED
THE SECRET
OF A SHELL
That Is a Charge Brugere
Made Against Dreyfus
Two Years Ago.
SI UDIES THE" DOSSIER
The Prisoner at Rennes Preparmg
for the Coming Second Court-
Martial Trial.
Special Dispatch to The Tall.
PARIS, July 11. rCommander Mysz
kowski declares. that General Brugere,
who has just been appointed Military
Governor of Paris, made a statement
on July 2. 1897, that Dreyfus had be
trayed the secret of the Robin shell to
Germany.
Le Soir declares that on July 15, fol
low ing the national fete. General Ja
mont, Commander in Chief and Vice
President of the Supreme Council of
War, will be replaced by General Bru
gere, who was last week appointed
Military Governor of Paris In succes
sion to General Zurlinden, removed.
It is believed that the police reports
regarding the royalist plots were exag
gerated, Comte Boni de Castellane.
Paul Deroulede and Jules Guerin, th*
deputy, all deny the statements of the
police concerning them.
Nothing Is known here of any con
templated duel between Comte Boni
del Castellane and the Prince of Mo
naco. The latter's residence in Paris
is closed and the whole household is
away.
NEW YORK, July 11.— A cable to th*
Sun from Rennes says: M. Demange
had a two hours' interview with Drey
fus this afternoon. He found him in
excellent health and spirits. Dreyfus
has almost finished his study of the
dossier, and he and M. Demange will
work together on it for the remainder
of the week.
Commandant Carriere will finish his
report between July 20 and 25, and the
court-martial will meet at the begin
ning of August.
Dreyfus tried on his new uniform to
day and found that it fitted him well.
He will wear it on Saturday.
GIVE UP THE FIGHT.
End of a "Legal Contest for Battle
Mountain Mines.
BATTLE MOUNTAIN, New, July 11.—
The case of J. B. Paul et al. versus J.
A. Blossom et al. for the possession >>f
the Anaconda, Copper King and Copper
Queen mining claims at Old Battle Moun
tain, in Lander County, and for $45,000
damages, came up for trial yesterday.
Mrs. '\Varren was sworn as official repre
eentative.
J. H. Tracy, one of the plaintiffs, was
called to the stand, and. after identify
ing a copy of the relocation notice, said
to have been placed on the claim, the
notice was offered in evidence. This tlie
defendants objected to and the objection
was sustained.
Counsel for plaintiffs entered a dismis
sal of the action without prejudice and
confessed judgment for the costs in favor
of the defendants.OPENING SESSION OF THE
NATIONAL EDICATIONAL ASSOCIATION
Industrial Training in a Typical Californian Classroom.
LOS ANGELES, July 11. Promptly
at 3 o'clock the National Educa
tional Association was called to
order in Ha •I's Pavilion by Hon.
F. Q. Stor> tjHthe local executive
committee. The pavilion was crowded in
revery part and numbers of the visitors
failed to gain admittance.
After an invocation by Rev. C. Clark
Pierce, the Woman's Orchestra rendered
:the National Educational Association
JMarch. a rather unique piece of music,
composed for the occasion, and then Gov
ernor Henry T. Gage was presented to
bi d hear 1 welcome on behalf of the State.
; The ax. shovel, pick and plow, in the hands
of the vanguard o: progress, removed the cum
bersome obstacles left by nature, put fertile
litlds and fruitful orchards in the dark re
cesses of the backwoods ami by their rugged
■trails prepared easy routes far the railway en
pineer, -whose worts now attract the wonder
and admiration of the modern traveler.
These acntevements, though under the direc
tion ot" high intelligence, nevertheless represent
In the history or toe American people the era
<if matter— era of physical strife. .But man's
Leeds are inentui as well as physical.
To you, ladles and gentlemen of. the National
Educational Association, whose noble profes
sion imposes the duty of cultivating the minds
|of future men and women who wni labor. In
struct and adorn in the fields of American art,
'letters and government— to you. earnest ■■■" ■'
devot.d disciples of learning ai.d worthy suc
cessors of the American pioneers of knowledge,
,tha people of California look with conflder.ee
for tiie advancement of the splendid educational
work of your predecessors. On behnlt", there-;
I fore, of the people of this 51 ■•■. I. as executive,
am afforded the high honor of greeting you
each and all, and bidding a sincere and hearty
' welcome to our coast; and trusting in your
maturr-d intelligence, wisdom and scholarship.
1 fervently hope that our awn and other State
Eclnx)is will reap the fruits of your timeiy and
most pleasant visit.
' Mayor Fred Eaton, in behalf of L"? An
geies". welcomed the delegates to the city,
lie is a frank speaker, with a sincerity
in tone and manner that carries convic
tion, and was heartily applauded. He said
in part:
I bid you a hearty -welcome to Los Angeles
and all that it contains. We have iookea ror
. you a lone time, and we have tried to prepare
[tot your cominjr in a manner that would snow
i:i rome slight degree our appreciation o* your
visit. Should there be any comings they
will in no way show that we do not want you.
I mitrht adJ that if we lavished on your enter
tainment. jUI the wealth or our favored land
!: wouij still fail to measure the depth of our
pleasure in your presence. Los Angeles in. the
West has l>»netitcd by your labors in the Eafct
and Sou ajul you have d turn benefited by
mo labors oi our teachers. We are all one in
purpose, and your labors will .redound to the
common good. You are at home— we want you
to feel that, to know it. and. as you would at
home, if you don't see what you want, ask
Thomas J. Kirk, State Superintendent
of Public Instruction of California, after
bidding the educators welcome to Cali
fornia, said in part:
On this western shore, separated by the
mountains r.nd desert from the influences of
the East, cut off from the traditions of the
i -. education ere has taken on new phases
»rd has had a phenomenal growth. During
the last ten years; secondary and higher edu
cation have had unprecedented growth. "With
the beneficence of Senator Stanford the great
university bearing his name now enrolls 1100 '
students. Its endowment Ib over twenty
millions. "Within the same period the colleges
at Berkeley have Increased their enrollment |
from &<> to 1700. Including the professional
colleges located in tian Francisco our State
University now ha.s an enrollment of 5438. Hut
numbers do not tell the whole story. There
has been an enlarged curriculum to meet the
growing demands of modern life. And yet we
have tallen short of our Ideals. We realize
that we are still giving the masses of children
inadequate preparation for the beat citizen
ship. We appeal to you for aid in the solution
of these problems. You bring the experience of
older States joined to your own wisdom and
ripe scholarship. We welcome you, members
of the National Educational Association, to all
the bounty and hospitality of California. Take
from us all that you can bear away. We will
ever be your debtors for the good counsel and
lofty inspiration which you will leave us.
J. A. Foshay, superintendent of Los
Angeles Schools, said in part:
"We hall the presence of this vast
body In this city as a token of the
increased zeal and activity In the great
cause of education. We welcome you a»
the representative of the v.ork which ranks
first, and la the noblest of to-day. We are so
far from the great centers, but we who have
eternal spring healing air to compensate greet
you as bringing; wisdom, experience and the
latest thoughts which are being contributed to
the educational world. The teacher is proud
of that noble name.. The great master, Agas-
Fiz, would be called by no other. The thought
of training minds and bodies and molding
characters of the coming; generation seems at
times overwhelming. To-day you are planning
and working for the future which must shape
the tiny of our nation. Your work Is great
there Is no greater. As large reservoirs of our
mountains give f'-rtU water In warm, dry sum
mer to refresh the productive orange groves of
California, so may this meeting of th* largest |
educational organization in the world pour
forth its influence to strengthen and Invigorate
the intellectual forces of our State; may it en
rich the home life of the ranch, the school life
of the pueblo, the college life of the universi
ties of this Golden State of the far West.
You are welcome to the far "West, to the Golden
gtate, to the city of the angels, to our hearts
and to our homes.
Dr. Elmer E. Brown, a professor of the
University of California and State Direc
tor, on behalf of the State management,
followed with the assurance that never
Viefore has Los Angeles 60 deserved its
name, as the city is now full of angels of
education. He assured the visitors that
their attentiveness to all chat is said to
them induced the telling of big stories, a
temptation that is hard io resist. The
speaker said that here will be found the
best system of county schools that can be
found anywhere outside of ' Massachusetts,
a reference that provoked a storm of
handclappinga from the New England
delegates. He reminded tne people that,
though they had come across the desert,
they find that California is not wholly
isolated. His praise of the teachers as
members of a great profession was fol
lowed by his expression of welcome to the
delegates.
Responses to the welcoming addresses
were made by N. C. Dougherty, Superin
tendent of Schools of Peoria, 111.; Dr.
Emerson E. White of Columbus, Ohio.
and J. H. Phillips, Superintendent of
Schools of Birmingham, Ala.
After the orchestra had played Mozart's
overture to "Don Juan" President Elipha
let Oram Lyte, principal of the First
Pennsylvania State Normal School, Mil
lersvllle. Pa., delivered an address.
Dr. l_ytf», in opening his address, re
ferred to the first meeting of the associa
tion in Philadelphia, when thirty-eight
members were enrolled, and compared it
with the enrollment of more than 10,000 In
Washington last year. He also spoke of
the progress made in other respects
by the association. The National Educa
tional Association is aj.i organization
through which the educators of the coun
ry can reach large bodies of teachers. Ho
referred to several minor school problems
which should be considered in the near
future by the association, . mong which he
emphasized "continuation schools."
Dr. Lyt ecpncluded his address by ex
pressing the hope that "the present meet-
Ire held la the charminjf qjty_ Los Ajx-
Seles will malte its influence felt in every
section of our land. May it catch some
thins of the sunlight of this land of sun
shine, and aid In carrying the divine raya
of a useful ••duration into every commu
nity of everj Stat.-. If this is accom
: i ; ':f tin meeting will have
i • ■ i ac< imjilished."
Then was m ire ir.usio. and then the ini
tial session oi' the convention was at an
end.
EDUCATIONAL POLICY
OF NEW POSSESSIONS
Ideas Suggested by United
States Commissioner of
Education Harris.
LOS ANGELES. July 11.— The evening
session was as largely attended as had I
been the one in the afternoon. In addi- j
tion to the Woman's Orchestra, the Aoe
dean Club, under the direction of Mrs.
G. B. Parsons, supervisor of music in the
public schools, enlivened the proceedings
by the very happy rendering of several
• lons.
Dr. W. T. Harris, United States Com
missioner of Education, delivered a most
appropriate and decidedly interesting ad
dress on the subject of "An Educational
Policy for Our New Possessions." One
remarkable statement that apparently i
passed unheeded was that we took 11 for
granted that both Cuba and Porto Rico
would be under United States armed con
trol for several years. The States of
! modern Europe all seek to obtain a reve
! nue from their new possessions. This is
| all right so far as the ends of just gov- |
ernment are subserved. Up to a certain i
point there is an altruistic effort on the !
I part of these modern nations to uplift !
these new peoples. From the United ;
States one looks for a new step more al
truistic. It is a strong dash of this Idea
that has created the party of anti-expan
sion. They believe that none should be
admitted to the rights of citizenship who
are unable to govern themselves. The
admission of peoples unable to be ad
mitted to citizenship seems to be a de
parture and to threaten some of our
cherished Institutions. Expansion in
some form is seen, however, to be un
avoidable. In view of the fact that other
nations are dividing up the world, some
people think it our duty to show what
we can do. In concluding, he said:
The United States can uplift whole nations.
Is not this better than to build a Chinese wall
about our liberties? It Is absurd to say that
we will tyrannize over those incapable of self
government. We must accept the charge of such
colonies as come to us and give them the bene
fits-of civilization. But it l£ asked what right
have we to give other people our civilization
by force. In other words, is ours a high civil
ization and what is the highest form? A people
is civilized when it has formed institutions
which enable each Individual to benefit and
prosper by the thoughts and deeds of all his
fellows and In turn benefit them. Civilization
enables man to conquer nature and make it his
servant. There is no tribal civilization on the
face of the earth an.l never was that compares
with modern nations. A nation may be very
far advanced in its control of the forces of
nature and get the benefit of past experience
and yet give those benefits only to the few. The ,
highest Ideal of a civilization is that which
is constantly lifting lower peoples to a higher ;
plane and Increasing the individual effective
ness and that cannot be paid to exist in a
tribal form or even in some far advanced na- !
tionalities. If we cannot come into contact ,
with lower nations without exterminating them I
we are still far from the goal. We must take
th. from the civilization of tradition and
force upon them the civilization of the printed |
page and make them capable of local self-gov- ;
ernment and able to master nature and Its ;
forces. In Its ability to do this our civilization
proves itself superior and the question Is
answered, In our new possessions all must
be educated, not only in letters, but industrial
arts. For Cuba and Porto Rico good school
supervisors should be appointed. Instruction
in English should be carefully and slowly In- j
culcated, but without the evident desire to ■,
force the constant use of English, the knowl
edge of such a desire always preventing Its
acceptance by new peoples. In this way new
benefits will be given them, they will become
masters of the forces of nature and become
fully conscious of the meaning of the brother
hood ol man.
Mrs. Emma L. Dilllngham was to have
dealt with the Hawaiian school question
to some extent by giving an address re- i
viewing the history of the existing schools j
in the islands. Owing to her unavoidable I
absence this phase of the subject had to
be foregone, but Henry S. Townsend, in
spector general of schools of Hawaii,
made a thoughtfully conceived address
upon the subject of "The Educational
Problem in Hawaii." He said that minds
in general develop In accordance with cer
tain fixed and ascertainable laws, yet the
first principle's of the science imply that
no two men think, or feel, or will, or de
velop alike, since no two have the same
temper and environment. 1 In like man
ner, he continued, it follows that different
races and peoples develop differently and
hence have their own educational prob
lems, which are but modifications of tho
world's great educational problem. Con
cluding Dr. Townsend said:
The environment nnd the temper of th*
children of Hawaii are especially diversified,
although this environment of things Is com-
Varatively homogeneous. This Is due largely
to the diversity of races, with all that that im
plies. The ends of the earth meet at Hawaii,
and no one race is predominant In numbers.
Present indications are that the generation
next to be born in Hawaii will consist of white
persons and Hawaiians In almost equal num
bers, and of still large numbers of Asiatics.
These latter will not be assimilated with the
other elements of our future population so as
to form one people, though It is possible that
the whites and the Hawaiians will thus unite.
In spite of radical racial differences. One prob
lem involves at least two races of men In
nearly equal numbers living side by side within
our narrow boundaries without uniting. Poly
nesians and Asiatics cannot be made to think
and feel as Anglo-Saxons by the simple process
of teaching them the English language, or by
any other process which does not Involve evolu
tion through nations. Yet, in the meantime,
we must live together. "What, then. Is this
great race Droblem In Hawaii? It is this: To
develop a truly Christian civilization, a civ
ilization which like the love of Christ Is broad
enough to embrace all peoples— so broad that all
the races may find prosperty under its benign
sway. Our Hawaiian civilization should be
based upon broad charity and universal good
will.
The civilization which the active race ha«
developed and in which it has been trained,
based upon an assumption of universal selfish
ness, has precipitated a struggle in which the
passive race is at a great disadvantage. It is
a melancholy fact that the influence of the
white man and his civilization In contact with
the aboriginal races is generally the Influence
of the fable of the upas tree. From the lime
of the ancient Hebrews, who shut from the
blessings of their civilization practically all
other peoples, down to the time of the Amer
icans, who have not yet developed a civiliza
tion sufficiently broad and sufficiently Chris
tian to bless the white man and the red, cornea
the same monotonous story. Here the native
Hawaiian* were born and here they will die.
They call for more than toleration. Who are
we that we should tolerate this remnant of the
people to Whom God gave those fair isles fresh
from his creative hand and who for nearly
fifty generations have known no other home?
TbPY *£_• now American* in Bp'.Ui of them^.
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, JULY 12, 1899.
selves, and for these reasons their silent appeal
to their neighbors of the active race is es
pecially strong.
Now that the convention has settled
down to business the question who shall
be the next president and where the next
convention shall be held Is uppermost In
the minds of the delegates. One provision
of the N. E. A. constitution provides that
the retiring president becomes the lirst
vice president, hence all idea of succession
is precluded. The office of president usu
ally seeks the man. ;.s Secretary Shepard
declares there Is n" politics and no special
buttonholing in the N. K. A. Still it is
conceded that the presidency will come to
the West and with that concession a <iuiot
little boom has been launched In behalf
of Professor A. J. Foshay, Superintendent
of the lx>s Angeles Public Schools. This
may be a compliment to the educator be
cause he resides in the present convention
city.
Amonp other Californians spoken of is
Professor Klmer K. Brown of Berkeley,
who is a great favorite among a large
number of northern delegates. His.
chances were to-day slightly improved by
being- elected vice president of the Na
tional Council of Education.
Another Californian who is very promi
nently mentioned by the Oakland and San
Francisco delegates is Professor H. H.
Webster. City Superintendent of the San
Francisco Public Schools. The quiet at ■
titude of his friends leads many to think
that he Is stronger than he appears upon
the surface.
The extreme Northern and Central
States have two candidates In l>. D. Har
vey. Superintendent of Public Instruction
in Wisconsin, and Charles M. Jordan, Su
gerintendent of the Minneapolis Public
chools. It is to-night said that Jordan
is so popular with the delegates of tho
Mississippi Valley that if he will permit
the use of his name he will be the next
president. This feature does not suit the
Wolverines, and they have begun a hunt
that may result in winning the prize for
their candidate.
The cities that are in the running: for
the honor of entertaining the National
Educational Association in 10iX) are Cin
cinnati. Charleston, S. C, Asbury Park,
N. J., Saratoga Springs, N. V., and Mon
treal. The contest practicaly has narrowed
down to Cincinnati, Charleston and Mon
treal.
The Carolinians have sent a strong dele
gation, headed by F. G. O'Nell, president
of the Hibernia National Bank, and W. M.
Wlleon, president of the Chamber of Com
merce. They have opened headquarters,
and are dispensing the courtesies of the
South with a characteristic hospitality.
The Porkopolites concede nothing, and
claim that as the association was created
in that city In 18f>8. and that as it has
never returned to its oradlp since its natal
day, no greater honor could be conferred
than to have it go home and receive the
paternal blessings.
To all this the Canadians enter a demur
rer and plead that no fairer and more
pleasant city can be found to entertain
guests in summer. This whole question
will be decided on Thursday morning,
when the nominating committee meets in
annual session.
ANNUAL MEETING
OF THE DIRECTORS
Congratulations Cabled to the
American Delegates at
The Hague.
LOS ANGEL.ES, July 11.— The annual
meeting of the board of directors of the
National Educational Association was
called to order by President Lyte at noon
to-day, the following officers being
present:
First Vlcft President J. G. Greenwood,
Kansas City; Treasurer I. C. McNelll,
"West Superior, "Wis. ; Chairman Board of
Trustees A. G. Lane, Chicago. Of the
life directors there were also a number
present and the various divisions were
represented.
The treasurer's report showed a total
of cash received, during the j?ast
■ T ear of $25,561 10. including a rash balance '
of $2201. The expenditures amounted to j
J2R 010 92 including $10,000 transferred to i
the permanent fund. The available cash '■
on hand is $2536 IG. Treasurer McNeill also !
reported that between $.SOOO and $10,000 in
addition would be available this year for
transfer to the permanent fund, thus de
noting- that the attendance at the present i
convention is very large and that the
income from membership fees will net a
very comfortable sum.
The thirteenth annual report was pre
sented and read. It showed the assets to i
be $74,000. the total investments on July 1,
j 1599. having been $67,500.
By unanimous vote and amid applause
the board of directors passed a resolution
: directing the president of the N. E. A. to
i cable to the United States delegates to
the Peace Conference at The Hague the J
congratulations of the members of the or
ganization.
A rather sharp discussion was brought
about by the petition presented by Miss
Estelle Reel. National Superintendent of
tru- Indian Department, and who is a
i member of the directorate, asking th.it
the Indian substitute be made a depart
ment of the National Educational Asso
ciation. Professor L. Soldan, Professor
Taylor and others participated in the dis
cussion, but no action was taken.
CLOSING SESSION
OF THE COUNCIL
\ Professor Louis Soidan of St.
Louis Elected President
* for a Year.
LOS ANGEL.ES, July 11.— At the closing
session of the National Council of Educa
tion, held this morning. Professor Louis
Boldan of St. Louis was elected president
for the ensuing year, Professor Elmer K.
lirown, California, vice president and |
Misa Bettie A. Button. Cleveland, Ohio,
was re-elected secretary.
The report on the relations of public
libraries to puMic schools that had been
prepared by a committee, composed of J.
C. Dana. F. A. Hutchins. (". A. McMur
ray. Sherman Williams and Miss Louise
Jones, was presented and read. The re
port consisted of a series of carefully pre
pared papers by the members of the com
mittee, and it will come up for disucssion
later in the library department.
PAID DEARLY FOR
THEIR LEGAL STRIFE
MILL. VALLEY, July 11.— In a de
cision handed down by the Supreme
Court of the State last Thursday is
written the end of a famous contro
versy between two wealthy residents of
this place, which has been fought cut
in the Superior Courts for a period of
nearly fifteen years. Thousands of dol
lars have been expended by both liti
gants and long ago the expense of mak
ing the legal battle footed up a great
deal more than the value of the prop
erty which was the bone of contention,
but both men were too stubborn to
yield.
The two litigants are Jacob Garde
ner and Ebenezer Wormouth. Years
ago the trouble between them origi
nated over the ownership of forty acres
of land, valued now at about $1000 an
acre. They went to law and for six or
seven years the case was pending in
the Superior Court of Marin County
and then passed on to the Government
Land Office. The Supreme Court has
finally decided in favor of Wormouth.
The victory proves a costly one, as
between the two men about $50,000 is
computed to have been spent in liti
gation. One man alone made $1000 sim
ply in publishing the legal notices re
quired by the case. Both men are cele
brated characters. It was about two
years ago that Wormouth was sand
bagged and robbed at night, and last
summer while he was absent in Sausa
lito his house was looted by a burglaj-.
Gardener recently had a disagreement
over the ownership of a piece of land
with another citizen, which was settled
by his opponent building a shanty on
the land and holding it with a shotgun.
FLEES TO AVOID
PAYING ALIMONY
SAN JOSE, July 11.— Henry M. N.
Spring, Councilman and clothier, has
disposed of his interest in the firm of
T. W. Spring & Son and gone to
Chicago, presumably to avoid paying
his former wife, Mrs. Emilie Spring,
$200 a month alimony. A few weeks
ago Mrs. Spring obtained a divorce
from her husband on the gTound of in
fidelity, two San Francisco young
ladies being named as corespondents.
She was awarded the custody of three
minor children and given $200 a month
alimony.
Spring went on the witness-stand and
said he was penniless. This was a sur
prise, because his interest in the cloth
ing house of Spring & Son was esti
mated to be worth about $40,000, and,
besides, he had other property.
TOday bill of sale was JJle<J, J>y
which Spring transferred one-half In
terest in the clothing house to Fred "W.
Moore, his brother-in-law, the con
sideration being given as $8000. At the
same time two deeds were filed trans
ferring his fine residence and the ad
joining lot at Seventh and San An
tonio streets to Marcella S. Moore, his
sister. It states the transfer is made
for "love and affection" and "also for
better maintenance, support, protection
and livelihood of the grantor."
Spring represents the Third Ward in
the City Council. It is said his resigna
tion is now in the hands of Mayor
Martin.
RECENT ARMY ORDERS.
i Captain Carr to Go With Signal Corps
TTOops to Manila.
WASHINGTON. July 11.— The following
army orders have been issued: Captain
i Andrew Brewster, Ninth Infantry, when
relieved from duty at New York City, will
I proceed to San Francisco and report for
t temporary duty.
Lieutenant S. C. Bolles. Sixth Infantry,
has been ordered to San Francisco for
duty as aid-de-camp to General Wheeler.
Captain H. B. Moon. Twentieth In
fantry, has been relieved from duty at
Hut Springs, Ark., and ordered to tem
porary duty at San Francisco.
By direction of the Secretary of War,
First Lieutenant Basil O. Lenoir, United
States Volunteer Signal Corps, will pro
ceed from this city to Angel Island. Cal.,
! and report to the commanding general,
Department of California, for duty with
the Signal Corps detachment at Angel
Island.
Captain Daniel J. Carr, United States
Volunteer Signal Corps, will proceed from
Angel island by the transport City of
Para to Manila in command of such Sip- .
nal Corps as may be designated by the I
commanding general, Department of Cali
fornia, anil on arrival at Manila will re-
port in person to Major Richard E.
Thompson, signal officer, Department of
the Pacific and Eighth Army Corps, and
by letter to the commanding general of
that department.
First Lieutenant Frank H. Bailey.
Vnlted States Volunteer Signal Corps, is
relieved from further duty at Manila and
will proceed with the next Signal Corps
company ordered to San Francisco.
Recruit Moses Kupinsky, mounted serv
irr. Presidio, Ban Francisco, having en
listed under false pretenses, will be dis-
charged without honor from the service
of the United States by the commanding
officer of his station.
Private Harry N. Jones, Hospital Corps,
now at Madison barracks, New York, is
transferred to Battery N, Sixth United
States Artillery. He will be sent tn the
Presidio and will report upon arrival to
the commanding officer, who will furnish
him transportation to Honolulu.
Corporal Charles Smith. Troop L, Third
United States Cavalry, now at Fort Sheri
dan Illinois. Is transferred as a private
to the Fourth Cavalry. He will be sent
to the Presidio.
Private Fred Durst, Hospital Corps, Al
ciitraz Island, has been discharged the
service of the United States.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Rollin T. Burr,
now at Pomona. Cal., has been ordered to
report to the commanding officer at Hav
ana. Cuba.
Commissary Sergeant Henry H. Alles,
Fcrt Canby, Washington, will be sent to
San Francisco and will report upon his
arrival to the commanding general, De
partment of California, for assignment
to duty at the Presidio.
Chief Glass Reprimanded.
LOS ANGELES, July 11.— Chief of Po
lice Glass was publicly and almost apol
ogetically reprimanded to-day by Mayor
Eaton for insubordination in losing hla
temper and "talking back" at Commls-
Bloner Scarborough and a delegation of
citizens at a meeting of the Board of Po
lice Commissioners two weeks ago. The
"reprimand" has been placed on record
in the Police Commission, and the inci
dent which came so near costing the
Chief a suspension from pay and duty,
may be said to be closed so far as any
particular action on it by the Commis
sioners is concerned.
GRAND DUKE MICHAEL
TO BE THE SUCCESSOR
Czar Nicholas of Russia Names His
Brother as Heir to the
Throne.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 11.— The Of
ficial Messenger to-day publishes an im
perial manifesto worded as follows:
"Our beloved brother and heir to the
throne, the Grand Duke George Alex
androvitch, died at Abb;\s Tuman,
June 28 (old style). The illness which
attacked him might, it was hoped,
yield to the treatment initiated and the
intluence of the southern climate, but
God willed otherwise. In submitting
without a murmur to the decree of
Providence, we call our faithful sub
jects to share our deep sorrow with us
and to offer fervent prayers for the re
pose of the soul of our departed
brother.
"Henceforward, and so long as it may
not please God to bless us with a son,
the right of succession to the throne
devolves, according to the precise defi
nition of the law of succession, upon
our beloved brother, the Grand Duke
Michael Alexandrovitch.
"NICHOLAS."
Miners Will Get Their Pay.
SAX ANDREAS, July 11.— As was pre
dicted in Saturday's dispatches to The
Call, the late difficulties of the Fort
Wayne Gold Producing Company of In
diana arc about at an end. Ten days ago
the works and cash in bank at Stockton
wore attached by the striking workmen,
who ha<] two months' wages due them.
This was owing; to the company not pro
ducing on pay day, a-^ some difficulties
existed between the local management
and the Eastern stockholders. J. F.
Clapp, manager and promoter of the
property for many yearn, will be super-
ceded. The miners who attached the
property have agreed to pay costs if the
stockholders pay back wages for two
months. This was mutual, and a perfect
understanding seems to exist. Work will
be resumed at an early date.
WIDESPREAD PLOT
TO REMOVE MILAN
NEW YORK. July 11.— The Sun's cable
from Vienna says: The Politlsche corre
spondent says that an inquiry into the
recent attempt to assassinate ex-King
Milan of Servia shows that it was a part
of an astonishingly widespread conspiracy
and was intended as a prologue to the
overthrow of the dynasty and the entire
present regime.
Other reports indicate that the persons
arrested in connection with the attempt
include three ex-Minlsters. three ex-Sec
retaries of State, two Judges of the Court
of Appeals, nine members of the Skupsh
tina, or parliamentary body, nine pro
fessors and a sprinkling of military and
police officers, priests, students and civil
servants.
810 PRICES FOR YEABLINOS.
NEW YORK, July 11.— The Times' ca
ble from London says: Forty-four year
lings, the property of J. B. Haggln of
California, were sold at Newmarket to
day. Forty-two sold for a fraction un
der 121 guineas a piece. A colt by Gold
finch out of Fleurette sold for 1834
guineas. Forty-three remain to be sold.
NO RELIEF YET FOR
THE FIRE DEPARTMENT
The Finance Committee of the Board
of Supervisors met last evening and failed
to do anything more than preserve tha
status quo of the pretty little game ol
politics just now being played by the Firs
Department. Representatives of nearly
every improvement club in "the city were
on hand to speak either for or against an
increase in the department's allowance in
the tax levy, and there was a good bit ol
mighty spell-binding done. The commit
tee, however, suddenly broke off Its de
liberations and adjourned to this after
noon at 2 o'clock without taking action.
Fire Commissioner Bohen was heard
first. He merely said he had come to get
an answer from the committee to the
j propositions that he had made. Chairman
: Perrault replied that the committee had
j thought that it could take a portion ol
the amount asked for by the department
i out of the police fund, but had discovered
later that it could not. "The only other
I thing we can do," continued Mr. Perrault,
"is to take $9000 out of the urgent neces
sity fund."
Chief Sullivan got up at this and said
that $!K)00 would carry the department
over the month of July very nicely. Asked
by Perrault if the amount was to be used
for salaries, he replied that it was not,
that the salaries were provided for and
that the $9000 would be used for fodder
and the general expenses of the depart
ment.
A parley among: the members of the
committee ensued at Perrault's d^sk and
he subsequently announced that some of
the members were not In favor of ex
tending even the temporary relief he had
suggested, and that the meeting would
have to go over for a day or so. Al
though Sullivan had expected a decision,
and so had the half dozen heads of im
provement clubs who had been got into
line, be made no objection to postpone
ment, and it was so ordered. The ques
tion will come up again this afternoon at
2 o'clo; k.
Chief of Police I,ecs was called upon to
show cause why his department allow
ance should not be slashed, and he did so
by informing the board that most of his
apportionment was provided for by stat
ute and could not be cut. He also pointed
out that under the new charter the park
police would be made a part of his de
partment and incidentally he took occa
sion t<> say that tlie general expense of
government would bp greatly increased
by the provisions of the charter.
Colin M. Boyd appeared to protest
against any reduction in the public
library fund, and Treasurer Truman and
Joe Goddard, chief deputy under County
Cl^rk D.-ane, came In for the same pur
pose. Dr. Barbat appeared for the Board
of Hf-alth and waved the yellow flag of
quarantine wildly In an attempt to con
vince the committee that his department
would need iKiT.ISu to pull through the
year with. He held up smallpox and the
possibility of an epidemic of It as a very
strong probability ami wound up by read
ing the rather extensive list of employes
to whom the hoard is now paying salaries.
After bearing rt pr< sentatives of differ
ent improvement clubs in protests against
curtailing the Fire Department, adjourn
ment was taken to this afternoon.
DEATH REMOVES A
PIONEER MERCHANT
Etienne Gulttard. a pioneer chocolata
manufacturer of the Pacific Coast, suf
fered a stroke of apoplexy last Monday
while In Dr. Burkes sanitarium at Santa
Rosa and passed away a few minutes aft
erward. The deceased was known
throughout the West and the news of his
death will be received with regret by all
who enjoyed his friendship. He came to
this State in IS6S and established a coffee
and chocolate business. His fame as a
business man was widespread and he en-
Joyed a lucrative income from his splen
did Investment.
He was a generous man and many poor
families owe their relief from starvation
to his kindness. During- the critical
period in Monterey County recently, when
the residents in that vicinity were suffer
ing on account of the drought, Mr. Guit
tard quietly and unostentatiously spent
his money and brought sunshine to the
homes of many needy ranchers.
The deceased was prominent In Masonic
circles and up to the time of his illness
took an active part in the order. Ho was
also a member of the French Benevolent
Society. Merchants' Association and kin
dred organizations.
Mr. Guittard was 61 years of age at the
time of his demise. He leaves a widow
and eight children to mourn his loss. The
latter are George and Horace Gulttard.
Mrs. Cavalsky and Emil, Adrlenne, Frank
and Beatrice Guittard. The funeral will
be held to-morrow at 12:30 o'clock from
his late residence. 1825 Clay street, thence
to Masonic Temple, where services will
be held under the auspices of La Parfait
Union No. 17. F. and A. M. The inter
ment will be in Masonic Cemetery.
CALIFORNIA WILL GET
ONE-HALF THE SPACE
The Paris Commission yesterday re
ceived a letter from G. B. Brockett, head
of the division of pomology in the United
States Department of Agriculture at
Washington. D. C, notifying the Com
missioners of the allotment of space that
had been made for the display of canned
and evaporated goods from California.
The space given to this State, though
circumscribed. Is one-half of the total
space allowed the United States. The
area of the compartment, however, Is
quite sufficient to allow the best of our
products in this line, and none but the
best will be accepted, to receive ample
notice. It is 15 feet in length, 6 feet in
depth and 10 feet in height.
There has been no space given for the
display of fresh fruit preserved in glass
in its natural state, but in the cases of
a few exceptionally fine specimens room
will be made somewhere.
;■♦ ■ '
Given away with each cash want adrer
tfssmertt ordered in next Sunday's Call, A
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey
printed m ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
Mud/ tor framing.
34
SUCCESS OF THE
AUTOMOBILE SHOW
General Manager Rives
Enthusiastic.
HANDSOME PROFIT MADE
PARISIANS INTERESTED IN THE
EXHIBITION.
One Promising Feature in Regard to
Construction Was the Promi
nence Given by Manufac
turers to the Verturette.
Bpeela! Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald C ipyrlghteel, 1898, by James Gor
tett.
PARIS. July IL— Gustavfl Rives, general
manager of the r< cent antomobile ex
bibition, interviewed by the Herald cor
respondent, Bald the exhibition was a
grand success from every point of view.
"W< have a substantial balance tn our
fai ■ :■." 1 • sal ' 1 Ing all the e.\
•ween
Wha;. ver Bur
plua we have wil ' -- be devoted in
tutomobile race from
irq, in much the same
way .-is the sun ' flrst exposition
was used in connection with the Paris
■
"At the exhibition the groat feature in
regard to automobile construction was
nence given by manufacturers
tte, which is a class of
vehicle between th< I ■ mobile and
Large automobiles c
n nney, and the iricj ■
ipply the requirements of a cer
ij ers. Now, it is just here
that the verturette conies in. and its cost.
about many people to
ise an automobile from which they
haw hitherto been prevented on account
of the question of m mey.
"It :s thought that the proper form <>!
vertui ' : - and un
doubtedly this style of vehicle has a 1-ig
future in 1 i other cities where
long distance machines are not required.
"iho area taken up by the exposition
waP 40,000 squan metres. The stand cov
ered 10,000 square metres, imber of
exhibitors was 460, and vehicles 500, which
v;s - double that of t i i *• preceding year.'
An Automobile Tour.
EUREKA, July 11. — J. C. Lovern of this
city has purchased an automobile. It is
daily expected to arrive in San Francisco
from the factory In Illinois. Upon its ar
rival Mr. Lovern and family will start
from 8 • and visit Southern
Ing the tour by returning
to this c ty.
RECOVERING FROM
THE YELLOW FEVER
Oscar F. Lackey. Who Was Treated
With Sanarelli's Serum, Rap
idly Improving.
NEW YORK. July 11.— Much interest j
Is felt in the case of Oscar F. Lackey,
the young Baltimorean upon whom
was tried the Sanarelli yellow fever se
rum.
He is now apparently on the road to
:•>-. Unless something entirely
unforeseen arises, he will be discharged
in a week iys. His respiration
is t>' 1, His digestion is Improving,
and to-day he caused his physician
some surprise by asking for food. Lack- j
ey considers himself out of danger. He I
is bright and cheerful and rejoices in
his returning strength. Mr. Lackey
has unquestionably recovered from yel
low fever.
as Mr. Lai key is discharged
from th" hospital and has gone out of
the jurisdiction of the Health Officer, >
Dr. Doty will issue a formal statement!
of his case, which will embody the phy- j
sician's views as to whether the effi- j
racy of th- serum has been in any j
shed. The fact remains ;
that this man. who was in an advanced j
Stage of yellow fever, recovered after;
the administration of the serum.
ARBITRARY ADMINISTRATION.
-
Charges Against Indian Agent John
S. Mayhugh.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— Charges have
been filed against Indian Agent John S.
Mayhugh of the White Rock Agency in
Nevada, alleging, among other things, ar
bitrary administration. These charges
are the outcome of a dispute as to the
management of the agency school and j
and have already caused two investiga
tions by order of the Washington author
ities. Mr. Mayhugh has sought to have
School Superintendent Anna G. Eagan ;
removed and other radical changes made.
She has requested a transfer and with ,
others will be assigned to another school. j
Gold at Wreck Bay.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 11.— The steamer
Willapa brought news this morning of '.he
. ry of rich beach diggings at AVreck
Bay, five milea from Ueluclet, on the wtst
Eide of Vancouver tsland. With the crud
est a] B9 a Way Is being wish-d
out. One prospector took a pan to th*
beach and washed out $2 50. Great ex
citement prevails, and farmers are aban
doning their fields to engage in gold
washing.
Dependable Drugs
We leep
That comes under the head of
drugs, medicine or toilet articles.
Want anything we don't adver- j
tise call or write — you'll get it
considerably lower than the
regular price. .
We keep and sell everything
at cut rates.
Free Friday and Saturday
Next Friday and Saturday July 14
- 15, we give every customer a free
package of the new and novel N. N. ;
Shampoo. -
Come and get your present.
Cuticura Soap
Don't find many drug stores
selling this soap for less than _._
20 or 25c— can't buy as cheap '3 L
as we can sell it.
Apenta Water
Buda Pest Springs, Hun- _ -
gary. Bottled to sell for 250 u<t -
Baker's Little Giant Pills
The pills for constipation
ills Fifty doses in a bot- 25C
tie. Purely vegetable.
Dunbar's Ointment
A hoof and healing ointment
for quarter cracks and con- 40C
tractions. Regularly 50c.
fP&WT- RATE • ■ fill I
1 1 28 Market St. /
Tel. South 556 . , San Francisco j
STRANDED LINER PARIS
HAULED OFF THE ROCKS
Removed From Her Critical
Position and Will Be Towed
to Falmouth.
LONDON, July 11.— The salvagers have moved the American line
steamer Paris astern for a distance of 150 yards and have
shifted the vessel's position slightly to the eastward. They
hope to be able to get the after stoke hole fires alight.
The Paris is now clear of the rocks. The sea la smooth,
but a heavy fog prevails to-night. The intention of the salvagers was
simply to slue the stern of the liner so as to facilitate the operations
of the divers, but it was found that she moved more freely than was
expected. Three salvage boats alone practically removed her from a
critical position unaided. She still has a distinct list to starboard and
cannot be assumed out of danger. The tugs are preparing to tow her to
Falmouth harbor.
The German salvagers are elated at their unexpected success in
floating the Paris. She had been weighted with nearly a thousand tons
of granite at the stern, with a view of hoisting her bows free from
the rock. The divers had difficulty in getting at the rock, and this
was the reason for the tentative effort to move her. Several tugs from
Falmouth proceeded to the scene, but the Germans were not anxious
their assistance, offering the largest tug only $25 for towage, an offer
which was promptly refused. It was then decided that the vessel, be
ing in a position of comparative safety, should remain where she was
for the night and that the divers should continue their work of patch
ing the hull, so as to minimize the risk of towing. Unless something
unforeseen occurs, the Paris will be towed to Falmouth to-morrow, and
if on inspection her condition warrants it she will be taken to South
ampton or to some other dock for repairs.
The weather late this evening is rather unfavorable, the symptoms
being rain, fog, a falling barometer and a slight wind from the south
east. An increase in the wind might prove serious. Every precaution
has been taken to anchor the liner securely. The coast guards are
keeping a close lookout.
Captain Watkins, the other officers and twenty members of the
crew are still on board. The pumps are coping with the water and
there is no danger of the vessel sinking. It is understood that the sal
vagers are the same parties who floated the Peninsular and Oriental
steamer China, which went ashore in March last year on Azadea point.
THOUSANDS ARE
FED BY CHARITY
Active Workof the Texas j
Relief Committees.
SIX CONVICTS DROWNED
I CONDITION OF AFFAIRS IN TWO
INUNDATED COUNTIES.
i Cotton Speculators in East I'ake Ad
vantage of Loss of Crops, but Gov
ernor Sayers Will Not Enter
a Gambling Controversy.
Special Dispatrh to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., July 11.— Not less
than 20,000 hungry men. women and
! children in the flooded districts of
Texas were fed by the bountiful hand
'' of charity to-day. It is probable that
there were a few thousand sufferers in
the remote districts of the blighted re
gion who did not receive their quota
of food, but this was through no fault
of the many committees who have ac
tive charge of the relief and distribut
ing work.
The worst condition of affairs in the
; inundated region now exists in Brazo
-1 ria and Fort Btnd counties, and it will
I probably be several days before there
Is much improvement in that section.
Six State penitentiary convicts lost
their lives in Fort Bend County yes
terday by drowning. The penitentiary
! board of directors will meet here to
i morrow to take action in regard to tne
heavy LOSS Of crops and property on
! the convict plantations in Fort Bend
County, which are still under water.
Governor Sayers received a telegram
to-day from W. Gerard of Baltimore,
i Md., stating that the extent of the
: damage to crops, and the Buffering ol
the people is being belittled for cold
blooded mercenary reasons, and that
the New York cotton speculators are
heavily short on the market for that
reason. The telegram concludes by ask
-1 ing the Governor to discredit the re
! ports and let the world at large knew
the true condition of affairs. The Gov
ernor replied by wiring Mr. Gerard that
'< he would not allow himself to become
involved with the gamblers in cotton
on the one side or the other. The Gov
ernor does not hesitate to say, however,
; that the loss to the cotton crop is as
great as has been estimated in any of
the published reports. The loss will
considerably exceed 500,000 bales.
S. Taliaferro, chairman of the Harris
County relief committee, wired Gover
nor Sayers to-day as follows:
"Our advices show enough supplies of
! bacon, flour and corn meal at points
'. from Hempstead down to supply ac
tual necessities to points east of the
river for about three days. There is a
I congestion at some points and a mea
: ger supply at others. I have sent men
i out on the line of the railway to rem
! edy this. Our goods are very low. Col
• leeting committees are still out. We
i are having negrroes held at distribut
ing places so they can go to work when
the water recedes, but they will have
; to be fed and assisted when they re
turn to work as well as while at dis
tributing points."
It is estimated that over 100 carloads
of food supplies and clothing were con
tributed by the people of the State for
the sufferers to-day. A number of
large cash contributions were received,
; among them being $10,000 from the C.
P. Simmons Medicine Company of St.
, Louis, through their Texas customers.
ASTORIA'S GREETING TO
OREGON VOLUNTEERS
Big Marine Procession to Meet the
Transports Newport and
Ohio.
ASTORIA, Or., July 11.— The several
patriotic societies of this city are mak
ing extensive preparations to welcome
the returning Oregon volunteers upon
their arrival here.
To-night Mayor Bergman wired to
General Summers, who is returning
with the troops, asking him to allow
the boys to land here for five or more
hours, the intention being to banquet
them. The Mayor also wired Governor
(Jeer asking for his co-operation. It is
the purpose of the people of this city to
get up a monster marine procession and
meet the Newport and Ohio at the
heads. The troops will be brought
ashore and banqueted and otherwise
entertained if General Summers' con
sent to the arrangements can be ob
tained. Without doubt the request will
be granted, as several hours— perhaps
a day— will be required to transfer the
troops from the transports to the river
steamers.
The coming of the transports will be
signaled to Astoria from Tillamook
Rock, and the marine procession will
immediately leave to meet them.
THE SAX FBA:N CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 12, 1599.
CLARK CHANGES
HIS TESTIMONY
Cannot Positively Iden
tify Corcoran.
TELLS ABOUT WARDNER RIOT
ONE SENSATION SPEUNG AT THE
MURDER TRIAL.
It Is the Attempt of One of the
Owners of the Standard Mine
to Compel the Witness to
Stick to His First Story.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WALLACE, Idaho, July 11.— In the
trial of Paul Corcoran for the killing of
James Cheyne the prosecution this
morning called John Clark as a -wit
ness. Clark testified that he had been
recording secretary of the Burke union,
but had n<ii attended the two meetings
prior to the day of the riot. On that
day he was at Mace, where the Stan- i
dard mine is located, and when the ■
train, bearing the men from Burke
came along he boarded it and went to j
Wardner. He went up into the town of
Wardner and did not witness the law
less acts perpetrated on that day, but
returned to Burke on the train which
bore the returning rioters.
Witness said that when the train was
nearing Wallace on the return trip he j
believt d he saw the defendant sitting
on t"' of a boxcar. At the time tho i
witness testified before the Coroners
jury he swore positively to the Identity
of the defendant, but since that time he !
had come to believe that he might be
mistaken, and could not now identify
Corcoran as being the man he saw on !
the car, although he had been ac- '
quainted with the defendant for more
than three years.
The entire morning session was oc- i
cupied with the examination of Clark. !
In the afternoon the same witness told '
of his whereabouts since the day of the ,
riot. He had been arrested and con- j
fined in a barn then used as a prison
until after he had testified before the j
inquest, after which he was released,
but was rearrested three weeks ago
and was now held in custody by order
of the representatives of the Govern- j
.ment.
Somewhat of a sensation was ere- j
ated by the witness stating that he had i
been taken into a private room imme- j
diately after being brought to Wallace j
from the bull pen yesterday and there
interrogated by Mace Campbell of the j
firm of Finch & Campbell, owners of
the Standard mine, who told him that
he had better stick to the story he told
before the Coroner's inquest and posi
tively identify the defendant. Clark
said that he had not been approached
by any one in the interest of the de
fendant, but now he doubted that he
had seen the defendant on the day of I
the riot because of the facts which had
come to his knowledge since that time.
Manager Burbidge of the Bunker Hill
Company testified to the troubles bey
tween that company and its employes,
as did Superintendent Burch, who was
under cross-examination when court
adjourned.
That the State authorities have not
ceased persecuting men Is shown by the !
fact that Commissioners Simmons and \
Boyle were confined all night in the i
jail, preparatory to being removed to i
the bull pen, from which they were
saved for the present by a subpena j
from the defense. Simmons had not j
been arrested prior to yesterday, and
there is no charge against him.
Governor Steunenberg to-day apv j
pointed J. E. Gyde of Wardner, Scott I
Anderson of "Wallace and Fynis Gor- '
don of Delta County Commissioners t<v
fill the places of the deposed members.
Gordon is a rancher, Anderson a mer»
chant and Gyde the local attorney for
the Bunker Hill Company.
Ice Plant for Marysville.
MARYSVILLE, July 11.— A New York !
capitalist is in this city with a view to :
selecting a location for an icemaking ma
chine and cold-storage plant, and from
his observations he has concluded that
Marysville presents a good opening for
such an undertaking. He represents a
company to be incorporated with the
name of the locality selected. The town
will be required to make a donation of
the site, situated so that a switch may be
run from the railroad. It is proposed to
build a ten-ton ice plant, the product to
be sold at not to exceed three-quarters of
a cent a pound. The cold-storage build
ing is to be 50x300 feet, the entire cost of
the plant to be $30,000. A meeting of the
improvement association has been called
for next Tuesday evening to discuss the
advisability of giving the bonus. ..
« ■ ■
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next tundiy's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
GALUNEER IS
NOW ON TRIAL
Alleged Violationof Civil
Service Law.
RESULT OF CAMPAIGN WORK
OFFICE HOLDERS SAID TO HAVE
BEEN ASKED FOR COIN.
Former Governor Busiel of New
Hampshire Makes the Charges
. Against the United
States Senator.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CONCORD, N. H., July 11.—Representa
tives of the United States Civil Service
Bureau began a sitting here to-day for
the purpose of investigating charges pre
ferred against Senator J. H. Gallinger of
Concord by former Republican Governor
Charles A. Busiel, alleging violations of
the civil service law during the last cam
paign in this State. The specific charge
is that Senator Gallinger, as chairman of
the Republican State Committee, distrib
uted circulars appealing to Republican
office-holders for contributions to the
campaign funds.
Civil Service Commissioners J. B. Har
low and Mark S. Brewer, who arrived
here from Washington, were in charge ot
the investigation. Senator W. E. Chand
ler was among those present as a party
Interested, though whether as a prose
cutor of defendant is somewhat uncertain,
in view of the charges and counter
charges made. The only witnesses at
hand when the session opened were Post
master Knox of Manchester, National
Hank Examiner Carroll of Warner and £.
F Clifford, who was Assistant Secretary;
of the State Committee during the cam- |
This investigation is held to allow the i
Commissioners to examine the evidence!
and to decide if it warrants the further
prosecution of the case. If they decide
that it does the United States authorities,
of the Department of Justice will be
called on.
At the conclusion of the morning ses
sion it was announced by the Commis
sioners that Mr. Busiol detailed the cir
cumstances which attended his making
complaint to the Civil Service Commission
last October and the correspondence be
tween him and the commission.
Senator Gallinger asked the commission
if he was to understand that the real
complainant was ex-Governor Busiel or
Senator Chandler, and was told he might
draw his own conclusions.
Governor Busiel read a long statement
as to his reasons for action in the mat
ter saying that he was animated by a
desire to see the civil service laws, in
which he believed, enforced. He consid
ered that the lavish use of money in elec
tions was a menace to our national insti- !
tutions He was not actuated by any un- j
friendly feeling toward Senator Gallinger ,
in prosecuting the charges and he had no
d< Bire for revenge.
Senator Chandler desired to make a i
statement, but the Commissioners in- ;
formed him that he would have an oppor- ,
tur.ity later. j
The principal feature of the session was -
a long sttement by Senator Chandler, pre-
Vtouel to which, however. Colonel Rufus ;
N Elwell Collector of Customs at Ports-;
mouth, stated that he had received a cir
cular letter from William b. Thayer,
treasurer of the Republican State Com- j
mittee, asking for a contribution to carry
on the committee's work.
Senator Chandler then came forward
with his statement, which he prefaced by
a short history of his connection with the
political committee. He said he retired
from the Republican National Committee
in 1884 and from the State Committee in
IS9O. Senator Chandler continued:
'•1 said to Senator Gallinger in lS&o and
again in 1596, that he ought to leave the
State committee for reasons connected
with the civil service law, but he would
not do it. In IX9B. much to my surprise,
he took the chairmanship of the State
committee. After- 1 had recovered from
my surprise 1 went to him to endeavor to
co-operate in the work of the campaign.
We talked over the means of raising
money, both agreeing that very little
would be needed. We spoke of individ
uals of nominees for State offices, but
nothing was said of Federal officeholders.
This was on October 10. Between that
time and October IT I heard that an as
sessment circular had been sent to Fed
eral officeholders. Governor Busiel asked
me If I knew of this assessment. Ho
said that he had reason to believe that
a circular for assessment had been sent
i,, officeholders and he produced a cir
cular which had been sent to State oftt
cers and said that some of them had
been sent to Federal officeholders. We
had a long conference, the result of which
was that he said he would complain to
the civil service commission unless some
other way could be found to prevent these
officers from being assessed. Accordine
iv Governor Busiel, with my knowledge,
asked the commission about the terms of
the law He came to me later and said
that he had determined to make a com
' plaint In this I concurred and the letter
i of October 24 was prepared, containing
! the names of those to whom it was be
lieved that the circular had been sent. I
did not go again to the commission during
I the campaign. The report of my con
nection with the business was all in the
correspondence with the commission. I
called on the commissioners when I went
to Washington last fall and told them I
would be at their service. This is sub-
Btantially all I wish to say. If I find that
! the Federal officeholders who have been
' requested by the commission to appear
i here do not come, or if they come and do
1 not testify 1 shall tell t"he commission
all I know about the matter."
At the conclusion of Senator Chandlers
statement he exchanged some warm
words with Senator Gallinger on his (Sen
ator Chandler's) contribution to the party
, fun. ls in 18M and 1596.
James O L>yford, naval officer at the
I port of Boston, was the last witness and
testified to receiving the circular from
Treasurer Thayer. He also stated that
the assessment circular was sent to Fed
-1 eral officeholders in 1896. The commission
| then adjourned until to-morrow.
. — ~
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Patents Granted Inventors of Califor
nia, Washington and Oregon.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— Pacific Coast
patents were granted to-day as follows:
California— Henry R. Bruhns. San Fran
cisco, electric elevator alarm; Edward T.
Clove, Woodland, vegetable cutter; John
M. Fields. San Francisco, compass course
corrector; William Fraser, Oakland, waist |
and skirt attachment and support; Ben.vi- ■
mm Gray. Los Angeles, hair curling-iron; i
John Grindron, Los Angeles, rotary pump i
or motor; Eugene Litten, Santa Ana, as-
BignOT of one-half to D. N. Thomas, 9aa
Francisco, shade cutter; George O. New
man, Riverside, high-pressure Valve;
Fanny R. Ottenheimer, San Franciso,
hat-holding attachment for chairs; Will
iam E. Shaw, San Francisco, horseshoe.
Oregon — Frank Macri, Huntington,
S \\^shington-George R. Couls and P. P
Dohlgrcen, Tacoma, concentrating and
amalgamating machine.
A postotflce was to-day established at
Falk, Humboldt county, and Elmer fc>.
Rollins was appointed Postmaster.
The special postal service between Field
ing and Taylor and Keswlok and Taylor,
Shasta County, will be discontinued alter
August 14. -/._.«
Pensions; California — Original — Hiram
Burroughs, dead. Point Arena. $12; Julia*
Klett. Santa Barbara. $6; William Harvey,
Coulterville, $6; Sylvester Fraikes, Sol
diers' Homo. Los Angeles. $6; Charlf-s B.
Wilcox, San Quentfn, $10; James W.
Swain. Gwinmine. $8. Original widows,
etc.— Maggie Treier, Red Bluff, $8; Evelyn
N. Conant, Berkeley, $25.
Oregon: Original— Thomas G. Hayden,
The Dalles, $S; David Porter, Gaston, ?6;
Milo Gard, Oregon City. $6.
Washington: Original— John W. Scharf
fer. Seattle. $6. Original widows— Mary
O. Brockman. Rock ford. $8.
Old Soldier Passes Away.
NAPA, July 11.— Captain Joseph Tuttle
died on July 6 at the Veterans' Home at
Yountvllle at the age of 70. Captain Tut
tle had an excellent war record. He was
one of the original members of the Loyal
Legion.
DAWSONITES GLAD
TO FLOCK TO THE
NEW GOLD FIELDS
Tactics of the Dominion in Re=
serving the Best Claims Drive
Many to Cape Nome.
By SAM W. WALL.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
DAWSON, N. W. T., June 20.— Reports
of rich findings of gold at Cape Nome,
near the mouth of the Yukon, which
reached here only a few days ago, are
attracting great numbers of prospectors
from this place and from all along the
river. Readier credence is given the story
than would be the case were not the
hitherto unsuccessful prospectors so
.thoroughly disgusted with the shifting,
uncertain but always burdensome regu
lations that govern here. It is of course
the unsuccessful prospectors who are
leaving, in the main, but many also who
have met with a considerable measure
of success here are joining the stampede.
It may be said that news that might be
absolutely relied upon reporting rich dig
gings on the American side would almost
depopulate this city and these diggings
so entirely disheartened are the long
suffering and patient miners here. The
peremptory withdrawal of El Dorado and
Bonanza creeks from location by the
public has brought an armj' of prospect
ors to town, who have been employed
along the hillsides and in the pups and
gulches of those two creeks. They would
have remained digging and searching
along the margins of these rich pay
streaks all summer, but, almost to a man,
these people have bought tickets for
down the river. The town and the entire
diggings, especially the diggings, the
backbone of the whole thing, are in a
state of nervous prostration resulting
from the reports that follow one another
in quick succession and which gain ready
credence since this remarkable order, at
first laughed at as Impossible of belief,
has been certified by the authorities as
a fact. It is reported that other creeks
are about to be closed and the latest is
that after a certain date no more miners'
licenses or renewals of claims will be
issued. The authorities here, being ques
tioned, can only say that they know of
no such proposed changes, but inasmucn
as they did not know, or say they did not
know, of the order closing El Dorado and
Bonanza until they tore open the en
velope in which the order was contained,
this is not satisfying. The demoralizing
effect on the camp can hardly be overes
timated. . , m ..
What substance there is back of the
story that comes from St. Michael or
Cape Nome I do not know. The geneial
disposition is to charge it to the trans
portation companies, which are aheauy
benefiting so largely by it. Three steam
ers that have gone down the river since
transportation opened were crowded. Tho
up-river traffic has opened disastrously.
The James Donvllle. under charter at
Captain Sid Barrington, was wrecked in
Thirty-Mile River and, except the ma
chinery, is a total loss. The Columbian
of the* Canadian Development Company
GATHERING DATA
REGARDING TRADE
Will Show Necessity for
New Department.
WORK AHEAD FOR CONSULS
MUST REPORT ON COMMERCE
AND INDUSTRIES.
Wide Scope of the Information De
sired Shows the Vast Amount
of Business the New Cabi
net Office Will Handle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON,
! July 11.— Action has been taken by the
State Department looking to the collec
tion of Important data respecting the
trade of the United States with foreign
countries and of such countries with
each other, which will be presented to
Congress about January 1.
This information will be used to show
the necessity of establishing a depart
ment not only for the administration of
colonial affairs, but for the protection
and extension of American commerce,
to be known as the Department of Co
lonial Affairs and Foreign Commerce.
Assistant Secretary Cridler has sent
to consular officers instructions to pre
pare and forward to the department
not later than November 1 a report on
the commerce and industries of each
consular district, covering any facts
and figures for the yeaj 1898 not al
ready transmitted, and as complete and
accurate a statement as may be ob
tained of trade and industries of the
district for the six months ending June
30. 1899.
The wide scope of the Information de
sired shows the vast amount of busi
ness which a department such as is
now regarded as necessary would have
to handle. Information Is asked for,
among other things, as to the Increase
or decrease in the more Important lines
of exports and importß, especially such
as enter into the trade of the United
States, conditions of transportation,
! exchange, banking, etc., tariff rates
and customs rules, port regulations,
! wharfage dues, improvements in har-
b or facilities, extension of telegraph
i and cable service, freight rates, regula
tions affecting commercial travelers,
conditions of the merchant marine,
regulations as to quarantine and laws
or regulations of a discriminating
character which affect American ves
sels and trade.
IN SYMPATHY WITH
ANTI-TRUST MOVEMENT
Attorney Generals Who Favor the
Proposed Conference at St.
Louis.
AUSTIN. Tex., July 11.— Attorney Gen
eral T. S. Smith received a letter to-day
from Attorney General F. 8. Monett of
Ohio, in response to an Invitation to at
tend the proposed anti-trust conference
of Governors and Attorney Generals to
be held In St. Louis September 20, as
follows:
"I am heartily in sympathy with this
movement or any other movement that
may tend to alleviate the present evils
or destroy the power of monopoly by pro
viding adequate remedies with which to
meet these questions. I hoped to be
present at this time, but will be on my
summer vacation. Smith W. Bennett of
this office, who has been associated with
me in the line of work that will be dis
cussed at the convention, will be present
and prepared to take part in the pro
gramme, and \v\\\ represent me In what
he may say."
Attorney General Hosea M. Knowlton
stove a hole in her bottom in Sixty-Mile
River and Is laid up for repairs. The
Tyrrell broke her rudder and steering
gear, the Gold Star is on the rock., in
Thirty-Mile, the Victorian wkh
the rocks that stand straight out oi the
water at Five Fingers and tore away a
part of her upper deck, while others r>a\ c
suffered more or less from the shal.ow
water and the intricacies of Yukon nav
igation. If the record keeps at this rate
the surplusage of steamboats now com
plained of will not be so greatly felt at
the end of the season. No boat has yet
arrived from St. Michael, altho-.iyh a
number of boats have come from down
the river, where they wintered. mesa
are the Sovereign, Monarch, Victorian, .J-
J. Healy, Rideout. Mary Graff, Robert
Kerr, Seattle, Arnold, J. C. Barr, Seattle
No 3, Lightning, Clara, Oil City. Pilgrim.
Herman, \V. S. Stratton, Reindeer, t . <_.
Power and Cudahy.
From up the river the following nave
arrived: The Flora, W. K. Merium,
Columbia. Pingree. Tyrrell, P. B. Low,
Gold Star, Canadian and Ora. The Ora
was the first boat to arrive with connec
tions from the outside., bringing a boat
load of passengers. Among them wire old
Jack McQuesten, "Swiftwater Bill" Gates,
Charles Stepp. J .M. Wilson, N. Bumner,
L. R. Fulda, manager of the Alaska Kx
ploration Company: Ix>uis Sloss, Lucille
Elliott, Annie Graham and Grace Sey
mour, these three of Simons' Extrava
ganza Company; W. S. Phelan, George
La Marre. H. D. Anderson. John Erick
son, Gus Erickson, Mrs. Gift. Mr. and
Mrs. P. A. Wyberg, Mrs. W. J. Walters,
Miss Garrett. W. J. Casey. S. Kosor'.-ky,
I). McArthur. David Bruce. C. Regnle,
Colonel Reickenbach and H. Pinkiert. The
last named brought in late issues of Thi
Call, the first San Francisco paper to be
sold on the streets this spring.
The Canadian has since arrived from
the lakes bringing about two tons of mail,
the first to arrive since the trail over the
ice became impassable.
Fire has made another terrible visita
tion to the city, this time attacking the
cabins of the residents on the hillside
back of the town. Something over sixty
cabins with their contents and caches
were entirely destroyed. The blaze ran
through the moss and underbrush from a
campfire and spread over 200 acres, de
stroying nearly all the buildings in the
area. Many of the owners of the cabins
destroyed were absent at work in the
mines, and some probably do not yet
know of their loss. Among the sufferers
are Fred B. Cahoon. W. J. Akers, J. T.
Geoghfgan, Thomas Shea. W. T. Hay
ward. William Dick. L. Peterson, T. Stew
art. W. R. McCarthy, Frod Bassett. J. V.
Bursick. Donovan & Fitzgerald, Bagley
& McNaughton. T. Buckinger, J. G.
Kurtz, A. Durlg. R. S. Woodland. Charles
Wilkinson, Carl Edgren, Albert Levitt. G.
H. Locke. Mrs. H. A. Cranston. Q. M.
Rivers. Dr. Winters, V. Balboni. Jam* s
De Army. Campbell, Quinn & Mrt'rim
tnon, William Heffren, Murphy & Suercy.
The cabin of Billy Moss, the pugilist, who
is doing time for burglary, was destroyed,
as was that of A. Oxby, who died last
week.
of Massachusetts writes that imperative
engagements will prevent him from at
tending the conference. Attorney General
A. J. Montague of Virginia writes that he
hopes to be present. Attorney General M.
J. Cunningham of I^ouisiana writes that
he is in sympathy with the movement
and will try to attend the meeting.
ARMY TRANSPORTS
WILL NOW BE ARMED
NEW YORK. July 11.— A special to the
Sun from Washington says: The Navy
Department has consented to turn over
to the Ordnance Bureau of the army six
teen six-pounder rifles for use on army
transports engaged in carrying troops to
and from the Philippines. The troop
ships have been "entirely without arma
ment.
It was said to-day by army officers that
if the Filininos had been enterprising
enough to mount on a ship some of the
guns they took from the Spanish gunboats
at Zaboango they might have captured
or destroyed some of the army transports.
One officer hinted that word had been re
ceived that the Filipinos were arming
some vessels and that this was the real
reason why the army transports were to
havo modern rifles.
The guns are at the Brooklyn Navy
yard, and will be shipped immediately
to the Washington ordnance factory for
some slight alterations before being in
stalled on board the transports at San
Francisco.
MRS. RICH CLAIMS TO
BE VICTIM OF A PLOT
AUSTIN, Tex.. July 11.— Mrs. John D. |
Rich, whose extradition trial for the al- \
leged murder of her husband in Juarez, i
Mexico, was recently completed before |
the United States Commissioner at El ■
Paso, the case now being before the !
State Department at Washington for
final review, has again appealed
to Governor Savers for intercession
in her behalf and the Governor has
forwarded to Secretary of State Hay all
the information find papers hearing on the ,
case which had been placed in his hands
by Mrs. Rich, with the request that they j
be given careful and weighty considera
tion before judgment is finally passed on
the guilt of the accused woman. Mrs.
Rich claims that she is the object of
prejudice and persecution and that a plot i
exists to turn her over to the Mexican au- \
thoritles, regardless of her guilt or inno
cence. In order that she may be finally
bereft of her jewels and other property !
valued at several thousand dollars, which
are now in the hands of the Mexican au
thorities.
SURRENDERS TO WEST
VIRGINIA'S GOVERNOR
CHICAGO, July 11.— A special to the
Record from Louisville, Ky., says:
Ellas Hatfleld, the noted desperado and
son of "Devil Anse" Hatfield, notorious
in the Hatfleld-McCoy feud that cost
141 lives, surrendered to Governor At
kinson of West Virginia in person to
day at Gray. Hatfleld shot Deputy
Sheriff Ellis a week ago and has been
holding off a posse in the Kentucky
mountains. He sent word that he
would surrender to Governor Atkinson
only.
• - .
CONCERT FOR VETERANS.
Musical Selections Rendered in the
Camp Reynolds Pavilion.
SANTA CRUZ, July 11.— The Civil War
veterans are enjoying every moment of
the camp life at Camp Wallace Reynolds,
and the population of this tented city is
constantly on the increase. Only a few
more days remain before camp breaks and
all wiH be loth to leave their temporary
home by the seashore.
Last evening the assembly tent was so
crowded that half of those present were
compelled to stand. The programme was
In charge of Professor George Hastings.
It was of a patriotic nature and found a
ready response from the old soldiers, each
participant being encored with rounds of
applause. There were selections by the
Hastings orchestra; a vocal solo. "The
Rollcall," by Mrs. Fred D. McPherson:
a basß solo, "Freedom's Flag."' Charles
Fitch; solo, "After the Din of Battle,"
Miss Maud Hohman; solo, "The Happy
Days of Old," Mrs. J. R. Williamson. The
programme closed with Sousa's "Th'j
Stars and Stripes Forever," by Mrs. J.
R. Williamson, Mrs. F. D. McPherson,
Misses Nixon, Grace de Lamater, Anna
Linscott, Maud Hohman and Kate
Bantee.
SECRETARY ALGER
IS YET DEFIANT
Needs More Than Hints
to Retire.
IGNORES OFFICIAL SNUBS
DENIES THAT HE HAS BEEN
ASKED TO KESIGN.
General Francis V. Greene of Hew
York Mentioned as a Probable
Successor to the Head of
the War Department.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALX. HEADQUARTERS, WELL
INGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON.
July 11.— A member of the Cabinet said
to-night that Secretary Alger will be
probably given time to finish his an
nual reports, and that if he did not
voluntarily retire by that time, his res
ignation would be asked for.
However, Secretary Alger wants
something more than hints and official
snubs to induce him to give up the
War Department portfolio. He will re
fuse to consider many instances of of
ficial ostracism, so apparent to every
body, as an intimation that the Presi
dent desires him to volunteer his resig
nation, and he told a friend again to
day that he would not resign until he
had a direct statement from the Presi
dent that such action on his part would
be desirable. Under such circum
stances he said, he would not of course
refuse to resign, declaring that like
other Cabinet officers, his resignation
was always at the disposal of the Presi-
Concerning the recent situation in re
gard to his retirement, the Secretary
refused to make any public statement
beyond this one brief sentence: "I deny
emphatically the report that I have re
fused to resign or that the President
has intimated to me that he wants me
to resign."
It is apparent from this that the Sec
retary does not yet fully appreciate
what all of his colleagues in the Cabi
net do, and that is that the President
would gladly welcome his resignation.
He persists in declaring that some of
his enemies in the Cabinet are at th»
bottom of all the reports circulated
about him. There is no doubt that
pressure to get the Secretary out of
the Cabinet will continue, and it is dif
ficult to see how the Secretary can
stand it much longer.
NEW YORK, July 11.— General Fran
cis V. Greene, according to a report
current here, may be asked by Presi
dent McKinley to succeed General Al
ger as Secretary of War. General
Greene conferred with Governor Roose
velt and Senator Platt to-day, but it
could not be learned whether his possi
ble appointment was discussed.
It is expected that the Secretaryship
will be given to New York, which has
had no representation in the Cabinet
since Secretary Bliss resigned.
HATRED OF CHURCHES.
William Steel's Will Gives Bitter
Token of His Prejudice.
SAN RAFAEL. July 11.— William Stool,
the late manager of the London ,and San.
Francisco Bank, during his life was noted
for the fervor with which he hatea
churches of ajl denominations and tUos»
actively concerned in furthering their wel
fare. Two weeks ago Steel passed to his
final rest in Mill Valley, and. consistent
In his belief to the last, left behind him a
remarkable document in the shape of a
will, filed for probate to-day, which form--*
a monument to his undying detestation of
all that pertains to the external rites of
revealed religion.
The whole of the estate, valued a tSK"O.
--000, is left to his widow. Isabel. Steel, and
at her death what remains is to go to the
daughter of deceased. In the event of the
death of both the wife and daughter tha
property is to go to a Mrs. Little, a sister
of Steel. ■; «
In conclusion the body of the peculiar
document reads as follows:
And I make the special request that
my body be cremated, and that not one
copper coin of the income of my estate
"be expended upon or in any chapel or
church, or upon the support or encour
agement, directly or indirectly, of any
so-called minister of the gospel or mis
sionaries of any sect, for the whole of
which tribe I entertain a sincere and
well-founded and unconquerable aver
sion.
Attacked His Stepfather.
SAN RAFAEL. July 11.— Edward T. An
derson was arrested in San Francisco to
day by Constable Thomas Sutton on com
plaint of J. F. Boggren, his stepfather,
who charges the youth with assault with
a deadly weapon with intent to kill. The
principals in the affair live at Novato. It
seems from the story of the arresting offi
cer that young Anderson threw a stick of
stovewood at his stepfather as the out
come of a quarrel and struck him In the
head, inflicting a severe injury. Anderson
was taken before Justice C. Dahl at N'o
vato and his bail fixed at J250. In lieu of
this amount he was brought to this city
and placed in the custody or" Sheriff Tay
lor. He pleaded not guilty and will be
tried on July 2.".
A pale. Eickly, suffering woman? Do you
not wish to be released from all suffering, da
you not wish to possess perfect health and a
bright, rosy complexion again? If you con-
tinue to suffer you will have yourself alone to
blame.
Study your condition. Have you headaches
(Fig !>• hollow eyes or dark circles under
eyes iFlg. 2), pale and sunken cheeks (Fig. •'•).
a coated tongue (Fig. 4), palpitation of heart
(Fig. !>)• impaired digestion and poor appetite
(Fig. 6>. weakness of limbs (Fig. 7). an inactive
liver i Fig. SO? Do you have pains In back,
<!tzzy spells, a tendency to faint, ur any irregu-
larities or weakness from which women alone
bl i'f so', then take HUDTAN. Hudyan will cure
you, sound and well.
HUDYAN reaches Fig. 1 because it regulates
the circulation in brain; Figs. 2-3 because it
enriches the blood in those elements that make
flesh and that give a healthy glow to the com-
plexion; Fig. 4 because it corrects the diges-
tion; Fig. 5 because it tranquillizes the nerves
that govern the heart; Fig. 6 because it in-
creases the flow of digestive juices; Fie. 7 be-
cause it tones the entire system; Fis. 8 be-
cause It strengthens the liver and stimulates
the flow of bile, which
is nature's laxative
♦ * * Hudyan corrects
I uinMCM painful o r Irregular
WOMEN periods. and also
ADVISED those excessive mv-
FREE. f(>us discharges. Hud-
Call or Write. yan Is woman's
a friend, and curea per-
▼ *■ manently.
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists— 50c a
package, or six packagt-s for $2 N.
If your druggist does not k»>*>p HUDYAN send
direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.. cor.
Stockton. Ellis and Market sta., San Fran-
cisco. Oal.
CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTOR&-
FREE. CALL, OR WRITE.THREE VICTIMS
OF KISSING BUGS
The Melanolestes Busy
at Redding.
MISS PERRY'S EXPERIENCE
THRICE BITTEN BY THE SAME
INSECT.
In the Case of Each Unfortunate Per
son the Poisonous Pest Makes
the Lips the Point of Its
Attack.
Pjv^'al rMspatch to The Call.
REDDING, July 11.— The kissing bug
— that terror to timid women — is
spreading dismay in this "city. Three
cases of ugrly bites, or kisses, have been
developed in as many days, I^ast night
Maud Perry was stung on the lower
lip while in bed, and by morning her
lip was swollen to four times its nor
mal size. She did not know at the time
what stung her and a diligent search
failed to reveal the cause. In the morn
ing she arose and was stung a second
time, her right eye receiving th" pois
onous hite. She saw the bug. but be
fore she could kill it she was stung
again in the arm. Her flesh began to
swell so alarmingly that a physician
■was hastily summoned.
Miss Perry had crushed the bug to
a pulp, but from her description of rhe
insect Dr. A. 1.. Price unhesitatingly
unced it the kissing bug. It wa»
similar in every respect to the descrip
tion and illustrations of the poisonous
insect.
Miss Perry's face and arm are still
badly sv but she is improving un
der tr
.vas that of Mrs. E. T.
Durfor. She •■vas bitten on the upper
night by what she is
■ ... was a kissing bug. Her lip
1 — more, perhaps, be
she did not deem it necessary to
physician. She is almost re
y I'lineschmidt Jr. was a victim
of xh^ poisonous insect. He was bit
n the lip and the swelling that re
: made him almost unrecogniza-
Thls occurred last Thursday.
Sheriff P.ehren* before taking office
was stung by a <"nina bug. or what ie
known now as the kissing bug. and fop
n time it was believed he would not
•r. He spent a gTeat deal of
;• and many weeks in doctoring.
- • led here as "no joke" to be
ssed by a kissing bug.
VISALIA, July 11.— One of those new
fangle 1 insects known to science as
stes picipes. and commonly
. the "kissing bug." has been cap
lured ir. Visalia. It was caught in ar»
[ght globe. Professors of bug
nce it the genuine article.
is chloroformed and preserved in
SON OF CAPITALIST
JOHN HERD INSANE
Sought to Kill Persons for Whom He
Conceived a Violent
Dislike.
STOCKTON. July 11.— John Herd Jr.,
son of John Herd, the capitalist who is
heavily interested in reclaiming projects,
is confined at Clark's Hospital here under
treatment for a mental trouble. Young-
Herd has been causing a vast amount of
trouble of late at Clifton Court, on Vic
toria Island, which is the headquarters
of the Old River Land and Reclamation
Company, of which hi? father is presi
dent. On Saturday night it was reported
a pitched battle was in progress between
him and some employes of the place, for
several of whom he had conceived a vio
lent hatred. Officers were sent to the
scene from both Martinez and Stockton,
I,ast week Herd crossed the river into
Contra Costa County and, armed with
a pistol, threatened to kill James Oliver,
the foreman. Trouble was averted for a
short time. He then went to the other
Fide and barricaded himself in a cabin.
locking all entrances, and nothing- could
be done with him.
The climax of the trouble was appar
ently reached when Patrick McKinney.
who rents land on the river, went on a
Fpre». Fie armed himself with a shotgun
and swore to kill young Herd. He walked
up and down the levee for five or six
hour?, shooting Into Herd's cabin at in
tervals. The distance was too far to per
mit- ol his doing- any damage, however,
but had McKinney had a rifle he prob
ably would have killed Herd.
The trouble apparently arose over the
ferry at Clifton Conrt. Young Herd, who
had charge of it, refused to carry certain
people for whom he had no liking.
NO MORE TROOPS SENT.
Canada Satisfied With the Present
Force in Yukon District.
OTTAWA. Ont.. July 11.— In the House
immnns to-day the attention of the
Premier was called to a. newspaper story
-v V -rk to the effect that
(a;,ada wi send more troops
to the Yukon district. The Premier
I tha< police posi was established
twp years - dton Trail, four
nr fivn ml ne Creek. No
further changes w< ■ mplated by
Government, aa this post was suffi
cient to maintain law and order. He
would be sorry if the l r nited States Gov
ernment decided to send troops to the
ited territory so long as the o,ues
tion of a permanent boundary wa.s not
settled.
Death of a Yolo Resident.
DDLAND. July 11. Ferd Schleiman,
- The oldest citizen? of Yolo County,
died a; hi.« home In Northern Yolo last
night. He had been in ill health for a long
tnd tin announcement of his death
ted no surprise. The de
i was a native of Germany, where
he was born on December 15, 1825. He
to the rnited States in. 1846, first
: ig in Texa.s. He served in the TVxas
eers during the war with Mexico.
ime to California, following
g for a time. In ]85T he returned to
my and married Miss Caroline
iiuwing year he returned
ilifomia, locating in Yolo County and
Ing In farming. He had served in
many positions of honor and trust and in
all of them he was faithful and efficient.
•ved four years as County Assessor.
mty Clerk, four years as
: r and many years as Jus
' f the 1 'eace.
Guilty of Attempt at Murder.
STOCKTON, July 11.— In the Superior
Court to-day Samuel Ertel pleaded guilty
to an assault with intent to commit mur
d< r. Ertel a few weeks ago at Holden
the cabin of < 'larence ' L.
Thompson and fired upon him as he sat
irsß table. The men had had
some .-r a title to land. Ertel
waa captured the following day and con
fessed. saying if ii had not been so dark
he would have .shot Thompson through
the hean.
Cats for the Klondike.
SEATTLE. Wash., July 11.— H. J. Cole
man of Eaple River, Wls., who sails from
to-morrow for Alaska, has a novel
sr-hf-me to make a fortune in the Klort
flike He will take with him a double
■ 1 crate of cats, on which he expects
• 13000. He says rats are
troublesome inDawson and his cats
will bring from $20 to $50 each.
Caught Robbing a Till.
MARYBVILL.E. July 11.— A till-tapper
named Harry Kade was caught to-day in
I r ~i relieving the money drawer of
the United States Hotel ot its contents.
The proprietor missed $11 from the till on
Bunday and watchea for the thief. Kade
(b a newcomer.
THESE LEADERS TO
FIGHT THE FILIPINOS
FOR TIE HEW
VOLUNTEER ARMY
Officers Appointed by
the President.
FOR DUTY IN PHILIPPINES
McKinley Has Also Confirmed and
Commissioned the Officers Chosen
by Otis for Two Regiments
Organized at Manila.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. July 11.—
There is reason to believe that
the President will recommend in
his annual message to Congress
that the army be increased to
100,000 men, and the authorities
seem confident that the senti
ment prevailing over the country
will compel Congress to adopt
the recommendation.
"WASHINGTON*. July 11.— The President
to-day announced the following- appoint
ments in the volunteer service, the former
service of each officer being given:
To be majors — David B. Case, colonel Fourth
Pennsylvania Volunteers; John Bidrtle Porter,
Second Pennsylvania; Hunter l>iK(j«?tt, captain
Fifth United States Infantry; William A.
Shunk, captain Eighth Cavalry.
To be captains— S. Campbell, adju
tant Second Pennsylvania: Edwin J. Grifflth.
captain Third- Missouri; Guy V. Henry Jr..
second lieutenant Second Cavalry; Frank H.
Peck. captain Ninth New York: W. G. Srhrei
ber lieutenant colonel Seventh California; Ed
mund G. Shields, captain Third Texas; Charles
;P. Stivers, sergeant First Ohio Cavalry; L. C.
Scherer, first lieutenant Fourth Cavalry; Jacob
C. R. Peabody, captain Eighth Massachusetts;
Alfred C. Kenneth. Missouri Volunteers; Harry
T. Matthews, captain Company D, Seventh
California; George E. Lovell. captain Company
B, First Florida; Milton J. Foreman, quarter
master. First Illinois Cavalry: Frank H. Bur
ton. Thirty-third Michigan Volunteers; Cor
nelius M. Brown»-»ll, First Vermont Volunteer
Infantry; Cleveland Wllcoxson. Second Georgia
Volunteers; Owen T. Keenan, First Georgia
Volunteers; Howard Atkinson. Second West
Virginia Volunteer Infantry; Thomas R. Hay
son Twenty-first Kansas; William E. Cabell,
Second Kentucky: William E. Dame, formerly
First United States Volunteer Cavalry.
To be first lieutenants— U. Bear, lieu
tenant First Illinois Cavalry; Richard H.
Brewer enlisted man volunteers; William H.
Clopton Jr.. first lieutenant Sixth Missouri;
Daniel Hyman. sergeant Company B. Nine
teenth United States Infantry; Charles L. Wil
lard, sergeant First Texas Volunteers; Joseph
Vl' Avery. quartermaster sergeant Second
North Carolina; Homer B. Grant, first lieu
tenant Fifth Massachusetts:' Walter K. Wheat
ley Third United States Infantry; John L.
SHORTENS THE COURSE.
Cut No. 4 on the San Joaquin River
Completed.
STOCKTON. July 11.— Cut No. 4 on the
San Joaqvin River, a short distance from
the mouth of Stockton channel, has
been completed. This is the last work
which win bo done by the State River
Improvement Hoard until there is a dccl-
Blon from the Supreme Court as to
whether or not the board has a legal
existence • The board has expended 1128.-
OOOon Improvements along the Sacramen
to and San Joaquin rivers, of which $40.
--000 has gone Into four cuts near the
junction of the San Joaquin and stock
ton channel. Eight cuts were planned on
the San Joaquin. but No. a was aban
donee] nn account of exorbitant demands
for right* of way and the other three
must await, with various Other work
planned, the action of the Supreme Court.
BOG POISONER AT WORK.
Likely to Be Tarred and. Feathered
Should He Bs Caught.
TIBT'RON. July 11.— From the terry "slip
to the extreme end of Belvedere- penin
sula a trail has been "blazed." with dead
dogs as the landmarks. These mute wit
nesses to the presence of tn f - poisoner
around are fifteen in number and embrace
a variety of canine breeds, from the val
uable bird dog to the fluffy spitz and the
fat little pug, so dear to the feminine
heart. If the poisoner is discovered he
will be lucky if he escapes a garment of
tar and feathers and an icy bath In the
bay.
Among the dogs poisoned in the past
were several very valuable animals. A
purse has been subscribed by the owners
of the poisoned dogs and a detective sum
mon"'! fr..m San Francisco to undertake
the task of discovering the guilty person.
Death Comes Suddenly.
MARTS VIL.L.E, July 11.— Mrs. Emlle
Rockefeller, the aped mother of Chi- f
Engineer Rockefeller of the MarysvlllO
fire department, died suddenly at the
home of the latter at noon to-day. She
rode to town from her brother's place in
Butter County to see a physician, and waa
In the house only twenty minutes when
*he collapsed mid passed away before
medical aid arrived. Mrs. Rockefeli -r
came to Marysville in 1869 with her son
and daughter.
Death of Senator Grevy.
PARIS. July 11.— Jules Philippe Ix>uis , <
Albert Grevy, life Senator and former
Governor Genera! of Algeria, died to-day <
In his seventy-fifth year. He was a
brother of the late Jules Grevy, former (
President of the Republic.
~*-H. I {
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday Call, a »
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey, i
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches, I
ready for framing. [ 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 12, 1899.
Hughes. Third Illinois Volunteer Infantry;
Frank D. Bu^kin^ham, Thirty-tilth Michigan
Volunteer Infantrj . A. M. Maeon, First \■ i
mont Wlunteers: Blanton Winship. Serond
Georgia Volunteers: Z'an F. Coilett. First Wept
Virginia Volunteers; Charles A. Phillips, Twen-
X msas; I/tan Fpland. Third Ken
tucky: Sherran! Coleman. First I'nlted States
Volunteer Cavalry:* Maximilian I-una. First
l"r.:t"fl States Volunteer Cavalry; rirenville P.
Montgomery i Pennsylvania Artillery; Rolan
■.•■. Flfst United States Volunteer -Cav
alry; Richard I-»ny. T'n ; t°d States Cavalry. Ho
ward H. Almand -■ nd •'•■■ rgla Volunteers;
Frank M. «'hapin. Sixty-fiftb New York Vol
unteers: .lara»s R. Ooodale, Fir=t New York
Volunteers: Charles Grant M Donald; Matthew
Leepere, volunteer army assistant surgeon;
Madison M Wilson, First Florida Volunteers.
Tr>' he second lieutenants I.vie h. Pedlar,
William F. Park. Thirty -fourth Michigan Vol
unteer Infantry: Sanford E. Worthlngton. First
Volunteers; William H. Monroe.
Fourth United States Volunteer Infantry':
George i< Crawford, Twenty-second Kansas;
Watson L.tndsey, First Kentucky. Roland S.
Pike. Sixth Cavalry.
The President has confirmed and com
missioned the officers recommended by
General Otis for the Thirty-sixth and
Thirty-seventh volunteer regiments now
l>ein*r organized in the Philippines. They
are as follows:
Thirty-MxTii Retim^nt -Colonel, J. Franklin
iptain Seventh Cavalry and major a. a.
(j. volunteers; lieutenant colonel, William R.
Grove, major First Colorado: majors- William
11. Bishi p, major Twentieth Kansas; John Q.
A Braden, first lieutenant First Sou:!-: Dakota:
William I-. I'linn, first lieutenant and adjutant
'■"■" -" . - -- ---■-.--.. ~*
: m if
THE MAN OF THE HOUR.
A MAGNIFICENT PORTRAIT OF
. \ IN TEN COLORS
(Size 14x21 inchrs)
WILL BE GIVEN AWAY BY THE. CALL
i
* To every one inserting; and paying; '
for a WANT ADVERTISEMENT in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
THI^ PORTRAIT ls in no senS3 a cheap chromo> but an -example -of
I niO run 1 nni I the higneststy!e of illuminated printing", in the
famous French style of color-plate work." An ornament to any library or drawing;-
room. BEARS THE AUTOGRAPH OF ADMIRAL DEWEY. Cannot be had else-
where in San Francisco than at the Business Office of THE CALL, where sample
copies may be seen.
First Washington: major and surgeon. H. A.
Titus, acting assistant surgeon: captain and.
assistant surgeon, George W. Matthews, act-
Ing assistant surgeon: assistant surgeon, Isaac
H. Brower: captains— Robert S. Abernathy.
first lieutenant Sixth United States Artillery;
Irving G. Booth, captain First Colorado: George
It. Lamping, second lieutenant First Washing
ton: Charles W. Meade, first lieutenant First
Montana: Charles French, first lieutenant First
Montana: Henry Steere, captain First Califor
nia Artillery: Edward L. Glasgow, captain
Twentieth Kansas; Daniel F. Craig, captain
Twentieth Kansas: Harry A. Herman, captain
First South Dakota: Warren Hickes, captain
Fifty-first Iowa; Carl SL.5 L. Stone, second lieu
tenant Thirteenth Minnesota; Frederick R.
Dodge, second lieutenant Twentieth .Kansas;
Harry B. * Smith. K. Fitzhugh: first lieuten
ants—Will H. Polk, first lieutenant Fifty-first
Iowa; Cornelias F. O'Keefe, first lieutenant
First Colorado; Loren ( 'heever. . second lieu
tenant Wyoming Battalion: Fred E. Smith.
second lieutenant First North Dakota: Benla
min Leary, second lieutenant First Colorado;
Walter V. Calchett. Mllo C. Carey. Alexander
H. Davidson. A. .1. Erikson. A. F. Jolhro. Win
field Harper. C. A. Bach. Roscoe Tread well,
Arthur M. Ferguson. Thomas B. Crockett. S.
W. Wlddlefleld; second lieutenant, Edwin T.
Mann.
Thirty-seventh Regiment— Colonel. Robert B.
Wallace, lieutenant colonel First Montana;
lieutenant colonel, Thomas R. Hamer. lieuten
ant colonel First Ida"ho: "majors— B. Frank
Cheatham. major First Tennessee: Charles T.
Boyd. lieutenant Fourth Cavalry; Henry D.
Orwisr. captain Twentieth Kansas; surgeon,
F. A. Winter; assistant surgeon, T. B Ander-.
son; captains— N. K. Glvens. captain First
Tennessee; Sam Van - Leer, captain First Ten
nessee; David F.. Lyte. first lieutenant Eigh
teenth T'nited State? Infantry: Henry Rich
mond. caDtaln First .Tennessee; H. B. Myers,
captain First Tennessee: James M. Croft, sec
ond lieutenant First Montana: Michael Flah
erty: William B. Hanna. first lieutenant First
Montana: Benjamin M. Koehler. second lieu
tenant Sixth United States Artillery; first lieu
tenants — John Patton. first lieutenant First
Tennessee; Van D. Mumhy. second lieutenant
Ftnrt Montana: Robert O. Pae-s.lnle. first lieu
tenant First Tennessee; R. n. Clark: Albert
J. Hiie-ht. first lieutenant First Tennessee;
HranvlHe L. Chapman, first lieutenant First
Tennessee; <". M. Lester; Charles H. Sleeper.
first lieutenant First Colorado: W. T. Vaughn.
second lWnenant First Tennessee: second lieu
tenants—Joe . Cocke t first lieutenant First
Tennessee: Alvln K. Baskette. second lieuten
ant First Tennessee: Winston* Pitcher, first
lieutenant First Tennessee.
Colonel Bell of the Thirty-sixth was
yesterday named for one of the lieuten
ant colonels for the reßimp.Tits being raised
in this country. Colonel Wallace Is a cap
tain in the regular army. He has been
severely wounded while fightintr with the
Montana regiment in the Philippines.
INSPECTING SAN
JOAQUIN VALLEY
I Agricultural Commis
sion at Fresno.
SHOWN POINTS OF INTEREST
ONE IMPORTANT RESULT OF
THEIR VISIT.
Elwood Meade May Be Sent by the
Government to Investigate
California's Irriga
tion System.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, July 11.— As a result of the
visit of the Association of American
Agricultural Colleges and experiment
stations to this place there may be
brought about In California a complete
revision of the present irrigation sys
tem. Elwood Meade of the experiment
station. United States Department of
Agriculture, now stationed at Chey
enne, Wyo., is a Government expert on
irrigation. A committee of prominent
citizens of Fresno is considering the .
feasibility of getting the Government
to detail Meade to make a thorough in
vestigation of the State with a view to
having him make recommendations as
to a systematic improvement in the
present irrigation system, and also as
to whether the irrigation should be
under private or State ownership. The
matter is being conservatively discuss
ed by the citizens' committee, and it is
understood Meade will make his in
vestigation without any preconceived
ideas and report to the Government the
result. Mr. Meade says:
"In event of my being detailed to do
this work. I shall make an impartial
and disinterested investigation into the
conditions of the present irrigation sys
tem with a view to making recom
i mendations for a conservation and eco
i nomieal distribution of the water sup
ply, which I understand is not had at
present."
The private train of seven Pullmans
i having on board the delegates arrived
i here shortly after 8 o'clock this morn-
I ing. The visitors were met by Presi
dent Albert Lachman of the Califor
nia Winegrowers' Association and the
following committee of citizens: S. F.
Booth, Arthur R. Briggs. O. J. Wood
' ward. J. M. Collier, H. C. B. Gill. J. C.
Moore, Alexander Gordon and T. C.
White. The delegates were taken to
the Hotel Hughes for breakfast, after
I which they were taken aboard another
| special train to the San Joaquin ice
factory and creamery. A short stay
was next made at Las Palmas, after
which the visitors inspected the Malt
ermoro Company's St. George vine
yards, where they partook of light re
freshments.
A second special train conveyed the
delegates to the Caiwa Winery, where
{ they were tendered a luncheon by the
: California Wine Association. Presi- j
! dent J. E. Stubbs of the Agricultural
Association presided. He introduced
: < 'harles S. Murkiand of New Hamp
j shire, who thanked the citizens of
I Fresno for their hospitality and who
j moved a vote of thanks, which was
! unanimously adopted. William Han
i ford of the California Wine Associa
tion responded to th^ vote of thanks.
, Arthur R. Briggs on the part of the
| citizens' committee also expressed the
pleasure it had given the people of
Fresno to entertain the association.
In the evening a third excursion was
made to the Minnewawa Vineyard and
Kearney Ranch, which were inspected |
\ with gr^at interest by the visitors, j
The members of the association have \
been the guests of the Chamber of
Commerce, which is bearing the ex
pense of their entertainment here. The
delegates are praising California hos
pitality in the highest terms. F. S.
Scribner. agrastologist of the Depart
ment of Agriculture, Washington,
D. C. says:
"California, from all I have seen, \s
j the empiie State of the T'nion. It is a
i principality that could flourish inde
pendently ol the rest of the world.
Her*> you have everything in the
world."
The delegates remained at Fresno
until 10 o'clock to-night. \vh"n they left
for « Moville. which they will reach !
early to-morrow morning. Marys ville
and Woodland also will be visited to
morrow.
WOODLAND, July 11.— Arrange
ments are all complete for the recep
tion of the Association of American
Agricultural Colleges, which will arrive
in this city to-morrow afternoon at 5 •
o'clock. A delegation of citizens will
meet the special train at Marysyille.
After a drive through orchards, vine
yards ami grain fields the party will j
be dined. _^__________
TRYING TO CONNECT MRS.
STOfiKE WITH MURDERS
Santa Barbara Authorities May Ac
cuss Her of the Killing- of the
Richardsons.
SANTA BARBARA, July 11.— The Santa
Barbara Authorities am about to take !
Btepfl to fasten the murrler of the Rieh
ardsons. three yeara apo. upon Mrs. Yda
Addis Storke, who yesterday was sen
tenced tQ San Quentin upon conviction nf
having libeled Dr. Windiest- r. Mrs.
Richardson and her daughter Ethel were !
murdered at their beautiful Mont eel to
home, ("ynis Bnrnard, an* employe at the
place, was killed while resisting arrest as
a suspect. The authorities believed at
that time that with his death the murder
was avenged. Now they are of the belief
thai Mrs. Storke planned the murder and
Barnard was her accomplice.
At the time of the discovery of Miss
Richardson's body In a field, on the morn- :
inp following the crime. Mrs. Storke was
almost thfv first person on the scene. She
declared she was there in <he role of a
detective and that she had been sent by
a citizen named Ivison. The latter de
clares that he never talked with her re
garding the crime, and that at the time
she appeared at the Richardson place he
did not know the murder had been com
mitted. The. recent attack by Mrs. Storke
upon tJrant Jackson is regarded as evi
dence that the woman is the victim of a
murderous mania.
More Union Bank Litigation.
SAN JOSE, July IL— Suit was brought
to-day by H. A. Marckres for himself and
on behalf of all the depositors of the
J'nion Savings Bank to en.ioin the direct
ors and secretary of the bank from selling
the delinquent *tock on which assessment
lias been levied and is unpaid, advertised
for next Saturday. This sale, by taking
Stock from the hands of present holders,
would not o fly prevent collectirm of as
sessment but remove liability for $70 per
share still unpaid on the subscription con
tracts.
Tassajara Without Mail.
PLEASANTON. July 11. -A general tie
up of the Tassajara mail exists,- owing to
the fact that the contract made by J. A.
Harris a year ago expired on July 1. This
mail is transported by carrier between
I'leasanton and the Tassajara postoffice
dally, the distance being about twelve
miles. The contract was sublet to Harris
last year by the original contractor, re
siding in Sedalia, Ohio, who has the con
tract for a four-year term. Harris refuses
to renew his contract and no one else
cares to take it at the figure— s24o a year.
Death of a Cardinal.
• ROME July 11.— Cardinal Teodolfo Mer
tel vice' chancellor of the Holy .Roman
Church, who was raised to the Cardinal
ate in 1858, died to-day in his ninety-third
year.
THI EMPOBIUM- | THE EMPORIUM.
> . ■■■v.^-i.-v: 5
I { c7\fo transaction complete until customer is satisfied. J
» *w<k "gwff " gM^ini^iMnn>iiß mh iff Af:z/
* Saturday Si^r,, arMl Filled Day «
* &C'£ht ™ «ol«l«nJfciilcoAXAak.r > . Receded. ♦
» v * ' CAUFQRniAS LARGEST- AMERICA'S CRAHDESTSTOIiE. ' " '«
+ r/fc :;v7/ a Special ofit>dav sale in the big store .every ♦
♦ day until further notice. Our advertisements appear daily J
* ty/t/7^ //f^^ s^/t's /Js'/. Watch for these announcements. *
» 77/eT /<?// c/ a// /:/;/(/5 0/ seasonable, worthy *
i merchandise at incredibly low prices %
♦ during the day on which advertisement appears. J
& . For Wednesday Only. For Wednesday Only. «
t $1.50 Black Satin Standard Percales, $
i Duchesse lor $1.19. Special To-Day 7c. %
♦ 22-inch Black Satin Duche3^e, rich 36-inch-wide -Percale— good, strong. «
■*• high lustre, well made, Duchesse guaran- w?ll-made cloth, ; stylish patterns and «
»T teed to give satisfaction ani wear well, choice colorings— large, desirable assort- *•
J one of the best va!ue3 ever shown at ment from which to select— on sale to- J
\ $1..'0 per yard— special price for to-day day only at 7c '
♦> only $1.19 <•
♦ • For Wednesday Only. J
i cusjA'r>~i Men's and Boys' *
♦ For Wednesday Only. Hats nd Gaps. I
X Lace Curtains Two tncompdr'ab c special offer- J
& 9q a IPf*r> fP>s*is* in Z s for //s dlv only - If you *
♦ *9&ir M-*sr M-cmir. need anew hat don't miss tins sale. 5
* Housekeepers and hotel mm- i
f| agers, attention!— Here's an item S^T ""^v *
» that -u.U interest you. /= t^ClOlO^^® ♦
j^ Today while quantity lasts we offer: '-. o J£^-~—--^'f2s2&' *
'^ . 200 pairs Lace Curtains (100 pairs §^}CZ. ~~T^^ £:r ~~'^ <
♦ white, 100 pairs ecru), 3 yards long, 30 Men's $1.85 ?
* inches wide, ju?t the thing for bed- . /MM H^ffi fni* <R1 ?k n.ir *
* rooms,, fishnet pattern, Tricote cd C c- /d§/ ofi^TdoS I
J P P air JVC Jf and Derby Hat?, in all the *
♦ ' . . ' |S\/ latest seasonable blocks 2
* ?• ;*» and shades, made of ex:ra 2
» For Wedneldav Only. 3ill[ , good quiliiv fur, and all I
» For Wednesday Only. 3ilk trim #ings ( the quality that is r«- 5
| Ladies' s2.so _ tailed by the cxc usive hatters at $2.50 S
{ Shoes Special Boys' 45c Hats and Gaps *
* V*Mf,(?J at $1.43. tOP 33C— Ah of the poj.uar styles *
♦ \iii-caa t • .  , t • t--' and fhape?, includig yachts, gol's, i
* \^®W T Ladl ? k Wac J-\, ,■♦£ saiojs. Tarns and golf yachts, in plain I
♦ V-xTs LaCe Sh ° cS '- d ? C C : 0t ? cloth an! -fancy sold an 1 silver trim- 1
* t^Ri tops new °° n toes .patent mings; also all cur lines , of B ovs' Linen. «
t r«N5k leatber t '? S> T 1 Crash, Duck and Straw Hats that sell in *
i /V::^ ScleS> a , oeof eXCept f lOni uthebig store regularly at 45c-s P ecial <*
* lX;:% va l ue ' very ? tyish allday Wednesday 33c «
r^ B*Ov°' £sk an a fcure P' ea?er - , . <•
J ■ <>HL»V a »i sizes, regularly ♦
J \^_^^^ $2 - 50 pair—^eciai For Wednesday Only. ♦
I .# - -*^3=s* l 0 day only 48 Grocery and *
* _^__^ — Liquor Specials. J
♦ i- f*^ , j x-. ; Abso:uielv Pure Foods; none 2
j For Wednesday Only. but good qualities that the big %
♦ Special Sale Of store can guirantee. J
I Knives and Forks. White or v e 'ir,-.-Cornilf7ea/,io-'b *
* nnives anu rum&. sac^ ?> regularly 25c— to-day /st> «
* /^^ss^ m ** Freres' Genuine FncncM «i
» Mustard, regularly 27,-. bottte— *
£» -^^^^ day 18(3 *
♦ igg Eafs^ - -^? ~r-^ ! Celery Phosphate, *
* «: -JH< — : _ i-i — / j bottle?, regularly $1.25 bottle— to-day... J
♦ Embo?sed E : ectro-plated Dinner Forks, ...., ". $1,05 J
1 J like picture— set of 6 to-day. 68c Life Of the Orange, a great 4.
m Plan Siiver-p ! atei Dinner Knives, like blood-maker, regularly $1.00 bottle— t >- *
» picture— set of 6 to-day 42c day BOc *
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E D Luckey, St Louis Pr Hobbs, Indianap
R C Bolt, St Louis Mr Cully X Orleans
Mips S Jessup, St Lou Mr Weber. X Orleans
Miss F Jess-up, St Lou Mr Seeling. X Orleans
Misa B English, St L M G Seidel, X Orleans
Miss A English, St L H Seidel, X Orleans
Mrs Adams, St Louis Mr McGaw. X Orleans
Miss Rosenberg. St L Mr Lambert, X Orlns
Miss L Wehmiller.StL Mr Hurtot, X Orleans
Miss- M Calvert. St I. Mr Foster. X Orleans
Misa X Powell.Sl Lou Mr Bunker, X Orlns
Mrs C MorehoUse.B Cr Mr Bauer, X Orleans
Miss S Smith, St Lou Mr I'unbar, X Orleans
Miss S Shafter, Ham Mr Caswell, X Orlns
Miss B Larker. tad Dr Qnagie, X Orlns .
P C Atwood, Pa Mr Lambertson. X Or
II B Mills. X D * G Flllent. X orlns
Miss Bender, X D J E Russell, Fresno
Miss s Reyes, Rmna H M Andrews. Chgo
Miss' j Howe Boston C X McKenzie, . Cal
Miss Evans, Boston ' I. Ballwttt, Bl Can
Miss C Harlow, Bostn L C Walker. Stanford
D Armstedt, Newman W F. Dennison. S M
Miss M Oliver, St Lou Campbell, Denver
Miss E White, St Lou .1 .T Ralph. Alvarado,
' S S Holt. Sacto i H Schmidt. Watsnvle
M Barrets. X C JO Mays. England ' ,
Mr Cline &wf. X C .1 B Wilson. D C -
Mr Kyle & Wf, X C T C Baldwin, Hawaii
Miss L Clark. X C . A D.Baldwin. Hawaii
Miss B Clark. N C J B Teal. X T
Miss Weiss. -X C ■ W Ikle. X V
Miss Board, X C W R Beall. Cal
Mr Riviere X C OF Atwood, Stockton
Mr King, X C . •'• " Hartwell. L Ang
w McKay Dawson J. Curtis, L Ang
Dr Marvin. Bl Lake S Tubby, Lit Falls
F D Stephens, Cinn, C D B(Sldon. Austin -
1) L Wooden, Wlnn ■ W Dupas, . Dawson
A Fitzlwitz, Eag Puss Mrs J Taylor. lowa
H H Harlow, G Ouleh F Dulmain. Gr Valley
H C Ray. Visalia C A Meyers. Cal
1 R Pendergrass.Vlsa G McLeod, Rio Vista
R Walcott, Boston A F Bell. Sta Barbara
S' H Derty, Boston .1 McLeod. .Rio Vista
V. Robbins, Boston A Bell. Sta Cruz
It B Bellows, Boston X Blackstock. Ventra
T_H Robbln. Boston H Jacobson, • Colusa
A A Polhamus. S Pies W C Bean. Colusa
F W Shirley Danvlle L I M ■■• Guernville
C Day & Wf, Seattle Dr Carr. Guernville
Mrs Harrison Vlctora W .1 DJllman, Sacto.
Mrs .1 Apsley. Vancr F A McCune. 8 Bar
J Martin Vancouver E Cassidy. Macon
Mrs Roblnscn. Bksfld W Benjamin. Mrysvle
Mrs Berry, Boston Dr Moore, Benicla
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINO. . HARDWARE.
L»» fICf^CM Menufacture- cr.n»<ttns;»»nd O.AI^ACE Hardware Co.. Import*™ and Deal-
I. UtUtil, Lace Leather. 105-107 Ml*. I r . *™ '" h»r^nrar». 603 Market: t»i. Main Hi.
■ion St.. cor. Spe-ir. Telephona Main 563. ~ ; j -. —
_ " f = ; — — IRON FOUNDERS.
EUREKA O IoIIITrWORKS, Kf.t^-n Fncndrv Morton & Hedi-y. r-^^ 
EUREKA BOILKR WORKS, igj^S^Sr^SMr
W. J. BRADY; Proprietor. — - - i
Special Attention, Paid to Kcpalrs and Shi? PAPER DEALERS
Office and WorkB-°n3-115 MISSION ST. ; WILLAMETTE l£Si™&™»?^.
T«le P hone Ma.n .6045. . ; -V~^ printing
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. PC KIIHIrIF^ PRINTER.
THE SAN FEANCISCO.NEWSCOMPANI -v " uunt:t> ' "~"
""OSS sSgaSSgL the hicks-judd c».. M sggya.n"s^.
COA , COKE AND PIO-I WON. " STATIONFR AN3 PRINTER.
COAL COKE AftU l-iu iwa TeleßraphJc O Af> XI? I IVr'F ™* C*"*
J. C. WILSON & CO.. code,. FAX i KlUijt: urmast
WOO BATTERY STREET. WAREHOUSEMEN.
' Telephone Main' 1864. - j THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.
■-■■■ - <-<->nnoE>CMiTu ~~' ■;■ Forwardlnjr Agents and public Weighers. Oen-
COPPfcRSMITH. . . «ral Storage. Fre? and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
JO C EPH FOX." Supt. H. HLTTH. Mpr. eral office. 710 California st. Tel. Main I*l4.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing. Steamboat : %a/hit »«ru CTC .., • >.*•
.and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18 ; WHITe ASH STEAM COAL.
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641. , Mined by th» .
— , c ——-— — ~ ' BLACK DIAMOND COAX. MINING CO. at It*
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. . . y ; 'GREEN RIVER ' COLLIERIES.
TIC EAVCC £■ C(\ bliippins Butchers. 104 ' is tfa* Be:.. Coal In th. Market.
iAZh SVIU a VV M clay. I*l. Mala iZit. - Ottc» «a 4 J«mi»--4W UHb &tr*U
*■■ ■ ; ' . : •■ '-■->• \ - , ,-■;-■ - ■' . . " • -■-
D C Lightbourn.Minn O Williams. Cloverdl*
A G Estoille, R Div F Helmker. Blksburg
V C Heiks, Chicago W D Smith. Davlsvle
PALACE HOTEL.
R Pchwazenbach. Ger-|T McCann * vv. Pa
many a Marcus t'w, N V
C Vischer. Switzerland I Mrs B Browning. 111
W G McPherson. Or J Strauss. Yokohama
\V M Sims. Sacto I\V T Ramb ■ N V
A H Geffeny & w.Utah s Dutcher, X V
.1 L Haller. New Orlns I" .1 Arnold, Detroit
J Joseph A w, Ohio W E Weed, X X
Miss E Joseph. Ohio X B Reynolds. In<l
Miss s Joseph. Ohio C S Balff, Shanghai
I B I Wheeler. N V <; Miner. Shanghai
W G Btngham. London W B Winston", N V
F .Reap!. Chicago . J F Elliott. X V
II C Benson. X s W A W Stiven, Singapore
TW Williams. London M B Paris, X V
W B Clive. London H Murdock. Tasmania
T T Williams, Marin A M Bergevin & w. II!
G Kuhn & w. Portland W E Church & w, X V
Mrs it Billinss, Minn P de Longpre. Ls An*
Miss X B Gordon. X V E T Murphy, X V
D R Brower, Chicago Mrs A .I Frank, Cal
T H Robinson. Boston J P McCormlck & w.
li V Bellows. Boston • London
S H Derby, Boston Miss s I. Rutley Minn
R Wolcott Jr. Boston 0 M Henry, Modesto
W B Robbing, Boston .I I" Rich &w, Oaklnd
Mrs H Bra tnober, Mass
X.EW WESTERN HOTEL.
EH Scott. Kansas Cty C "a Vaughan. Victoria
T M Crawford. Fresno A Ebert. Vancouver
H A Merfoot. Bisbee. P W Hinman. Mich
H H Hackett. Oakdale H M Chittinden. Utah
E G Stein. Colusa .I L Gage. London
Mrs S Woods. Pa Mrs X Chapman Cal
Miss Woods. Pa H Williams. San Diego
W Garven. I-os Banns Mrs Green. San Jose'
Miss J Benson. Stocktn I? Sallinger, Ukiah
Miss Rassmussen, Cal L Xeidermeyer, Xeb"
A Tannery Destroyed by Fire.
An alarm was turned in from box 27(5
at 11:55 a. m. yesterday for a fire in a
two-story frame building nn Oakwnnd
street, near Eighteenth, owned by Mrs.
< 'ooke and occupied as a tannery by Mr.
Kelly. The fire consumed the entire
structure despite the energetic work of
the department. A second alarm from the
sami' boa was turned in while the fire
was in progress, sparks having ijrmt^d
the roof of a building at T'm Valencia
street. The damage to the latter building
was nominal.
56
■ I
WEDNESDAY JULY 12, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F-
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 centa.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year 96.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 8 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month W>C
SUNDAY CALL One Year •• 1.80
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1-00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESB.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marqiiette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKENS «IR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDB.
Waldorf -Aster Hotel; A. Brenta.no, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. ■
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
- . open until 9:30 o'clock.- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock.. 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
--1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock. 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Lord and Lady Algy."
Californiar-' < The Last Word," to morrow nlffht.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
yivoli— "Shamuß O'Brien."
Alcazar— "Camille."
Grand Opera House— "Carman."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races?, etc.
French National Celebration— Friday, July 14, at the
Chutes.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Cake Walkers. Saturday. July 15.
THE DOLLAR LIMIT.
THE CALL has repeatedly invited the public at
tention to the fact that, in the municipal cam
paign of 1898, each political organization and
every candidate for a municipal office was pledged
to a rate of taxation for this fiscal year that should
not exceed one dollar in the hundred on an assumed
valuation of three hundred and fifty millions. This
pledge, simple, intelligible, incapable of evasion, was
emphatically the special capital of the fusion candi
date for Mayor and of the organ that supported him.
Every political idea that was incorporated into the
fusion platform was stamped into dust by the heels
of the voters. The one thing that lifted Mayor Phe
lan out of the crash and the ruin that befell his party
was his economical pledge, backed, as he expressed it,
by his official experience for two years.
There can be nothing simpler than a man's word.
He either keeps it or he breaks it. This was evident
ly the view of Mayor Phelan when he delivered his
second inaugural before the present Board of Super
visors. Now what is the meaning of the concerted
effort, pressed from a dozen quarters, to force a vio
lation of this pledge? The Republican members of
the board, fully sustained by the Republican press,
have refused even to consider any proposal to recede
from the obligation, either in the letter or in the
spirit. But the Democratic members show an in
clination to fall down. And Mayor Phelan, the Jupi
ter Tonans of the dollar limit, is oft on his vacation,
and. however much he may be entitled to rest, at a
' most critical moment palpably evades a situa
tion which, beyond all other public officials, he has
assisted to create. He has been invited, over and
over again, to reconcile his promises of public im
provements with his economical declarations, and to
make practical suggestions so as to avoid the emas
culation of any department of the municipal service.
But at the precise instant when he is wanted, just
when he could prove the reality of his position by re
ducing the generalities of a canvass to a business
level, he is absent.
The situation, especially on the fusion or Demo
cratic side, is unique. The Democratic Assessor be
lieves that under the new charter a rate of eighty
five cents on the one hundred dollars or thereabouts
ought to produce all the money that the municipality
needs to raise by taxation. The Republican Auditor,
Mr. Wells, thought that, in view of the frauds con
stantly perpetrated in the purchase of supplies, it
might be impossible to observe the dollar limit and
meet the exigencies of the various departments for
the present fiscal year. The real question seems to be
one of equalization, not only as respects the tax
payers, but in the division of the taxes. No citizen
is desirous to see the Fire Department, which has
done such excellent work in the past and upon which
the community so largely depends, reduced to a pov
erty that would impair its efficiency. But, on the
other hand, no citizen who has studied the facts con
siders that this is necessary. Let business methods
be employed, let the purchase of supplies be regulated
by ordinary rules and not used as a mode of sur
rendering public money without a just equivalent,
and, as Mr. Wells has logically proved, the appro
priations of past years can be largely reduced.
The fact is, and the community is impressed with
the belief, that this municipality can be easily run
within the dollar limit upon the valuation of three
hundred and fifty millions. There is no actual need
for all the fuss and disturbance that a simple proposal
to be commonly honest has engendered. The Super
visors themselves, with the aid of other municipal
officers, can scale down and apportion the appropria
tions so that the last half of this year and the first
half of next year will signalize a new departure that
involves' neither more nor less than decent treatment
of the people by the officers they have elected.
But the fusion organ and the fusion Supervisors
ought to stand up to the rack. And, in some way,
even at the expense of a slight curtailment of his va
cation, the benefit of Mayor Phelan's experience
should be obtained and he should be afforded a full
opportunity to fulfill his ante-election promises and to
prove that he has not done his political talking
through his hat.
Leon Dennery, true to the instincts developed un
der the wing of Dan Burns, has carried the habits of
the hoodlum into the offices of the Board of Health.
He tried a few of them yesterday on a caller. Now he
is having his face mended,
THE TRUTH ABOUT CUBA.
WE have recently referred to the attitude of the
United States, toward Cuba and to the opera
tions of the Cuban-American League, with
headquarters in New York. Much light is thrown on
this subject by an article in the current number of the
North American Review. The writer withholds his
name and signs himself, "One of the Army of Occu
! pation in Cuba."
He is evidently an army officer of high intelligence
| and one who clearly comprehends a soldier's duty to
| involve the upholding of his country's honor, in bat
' tie, in pledge-keeping, and in administration.
He says: "There can be no doubt that the pacifi
| cation of the island is now accomplished. City for
; city the towns of Cuba are more peaceful and or
j derly than those of the United States. There never
; was a more docile, quiet people. All the reports of
; brigandage are zealously forwarded to the United
; States, and half of them are lies. The Cubans can
! and will give themselves as good a government as
! have the petty republics of Central and South
■ America. They are impatient to undertake the con
i trol of their own affairs. The irritation of the Cubans
j against Americans and American military rule is daily
I increasing, and will inevitably presently find vent in
a revolt. To conclude, we are in a false position in
Cuba, a position which in its outcome may result in
| wounding our national pride. We have the choice of
two alternatives: Shall we drift, or shall we decide?
To decide; to carry out our promise at once; to take
our troops out of Cuba, leaving the people to gov
ern themselves until such time as they may prefer
annexation — that seems to be our proper course. To
drift means a struggle with a tremendous problem
J under disheartening conditions, trying to help this
people in the face of daily increasing opposition, in
gratitude, irritation, suspicion. It means the postpone
i ment of the settlement of problems connected with
! the material prosperity of the island. It means a
failure to fulfill a solemn pledge. Judging from what
we know of the ease with which revolutions are got
ten up in Spanish-American countries, to drift may |
eventually mean a revolt. And no matter how large
or how small a revolt against us in Cuba might be (it
often happens that the smallest bands are the most
! difficult to deal with), no glory would be ours in
: quelling it, whether we lost in the struggle tens, or
i thousands, or, like the Spaniards, tens of thousands,
: of men. And it will be time then for the enemies of our
1 republic to laugh, for the' Spanish will seem to have
I made good their claim that the war of 1808 was one
j o; pure aggression, inspired by the lust of territory.
It is certain that the question of Cuba overshadows in
gravity any other question now confronting this
country."
Coming from an officer who feels that the least
glorious of wars is that in which for greed the strong
crush the weak, these words of warning should be
J heard and quickly heeded.
Within a month The Call has presented a similar
i view of the same situation. The Cuban-American
League is using a bottomless fund of money in blunt
ing the American -conscience, and, as this soldier
says, by lies, seeking to make justification for viola
tion of the promises of Congress.
One of the highest evidences of the capacity and
cesirc of a people for self-government is their revolt
against military rule. That ours in Cuba is as dis
tasteful as that of Spain, to an unwilling people, is
proved by every sign visible on the island. This
member of our army of occupation sees it and feels
it, and sees that the most distasteful duty of a re
publican soldier is the holding of a protesting people
%in subjection until their friendship is turned to en
mity.
It is evidently the plan of the American pledge
breakers, who seek to tarnish their country's honor
in order to fill their pockets with spoils, to drift until
a revolt shall give excuse for establishing a pseudo
electorate, which will support annexation, while the
majority of the people are pinned down by American
bayonets and denied a voice in the disposition of their
country, their persons and their property.
It is time that those who have the power only to
carry out the orders of Congress and not to disobey
them should make a plain declaration to our own peo
ple and to the Cubans. We are already openly violat
ing the spirit of the Congressional declaration in
Porto Rico and the Philippines. Are we to add to
this the immeasurable dishonor of violating its letter
and spirit in Cuba?
Eighteen months ago great meetings were being
held in our cities, from Boston to San Francisco, in
favor of free and self-governing Cuba. Money was
contributed to free a people whom we are now hold
ing in the slavery of military rule. Would it not be
well to read again the speeches that were then being
made and the fervid resolutions then being passed,
and reassemble those patriotic gatherings to renew
the pledge we took for the independence and self
government of Cuba?
THE QISASTER AT NEWMAN.
BY the disastrous train wreck at Newman we are
brought once more to consider how far careless
persons are to be held responsible for the con
sequences of their carelessness. No one planned the
collision by which two people lost their lives and
thirteen were injured. It was an accident. There
remains, however, the question whether the accident
was unavoidable, or whether some one is to blame
for it.
Pursuing its usual policy, the railroad will of course
exert all its powers to prevent the public from learn
ing the truth of the circumstances under which the
accident occurred. The press will of course gather
evidence as best it can. It has already gathered
much, and doubtless will make known. all the essen
tial facts of the- calamity, but that will not be enough.
There should be a legal investigation, by which there
should be brought' out under oath testimony showing
exactly how the disaster occurred and who is respon
sible for it.
Two features of the accident show negligence car
ried to the extent of recklessness. First, the special
train was made up with the tourist sleeper next to
the tender of tli£ locomotive, not a single baggage
or other car being interposed between them to break
the shock upon the sleeper in case of just such a col
lision as that which occurred. Second, the freight
train stood unflagge<J on the main track, with the
locomotive at the water tank, and the station signal
showed white, which means "clear track." Somebody
is responsible for the reckless way in which the train
was made up, and somebody is to blame for the dis
play of a clear track signal when the track was not
clear.
When questioned by a representative of The Call
as to the condition of the signal lights, the station
master said: "The station signals were out correct,
and if there is any blame it lies with those in charge
of the trains. My report will be made to my su
periors and to no one else.'.' He declined to even
state whether or not the red light should have been
displayed with a freight train on the main track and
a through special due at any moment.
It is not to be doubted that other officers and em
ployes of the road will do as the station-master has
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JULY 12, 1899.
done. They have stan-ding orders to that effect. Re
ports will be sent to the railroad managers. The in
vestigation by those officials will be a secret one; the
public will be kept in ignorance as far as the railroad
can do it. It is not unlikely they will try to get the
disaster disposed of as an "unavoidable accident," for
! which no one is to blame, and for which the railway
management cannot be held responsible.
It is against public policy to permit serious dis
asters to be set aside in such a summary way. No
one can have any desire to condemn any of the sub
ordinate employes of the road, who have the misfor
tune to be involved in the calamity, but who are in
r.o way responsible for it. For the purpose, there
fore, of ridding innocent persons of unjust suspicion,
the law should use its powers in disclosing the truth
and compelling the railroad officials to reveal what
they know of it. A comprehensive and penetrating
examination ought to be a part of the Corojier's in
quest. The cause of a calamity so dreadful should
not remain the secret of a railroad bureau.
THE REPUBLICAN PRIMARIES.
BY the force and the universality of the protests
made against the policy of voting a blanket
ticket at the primary elections the members of
the Republican County Committee have been duly
informed of the extent of their blunder in devising
such a policy. It is not too late for them to correct
the error. When the petition for the blanket ticket
comes up for consideration by the Election Commis
sioners the committee can withdraw the petition and
leave it for the Commissioners to arrange for the
elections in accordance with law.
• If such a course be adopted the committee will go
far toward setting itself right before the public, and
it is but reasonable to presume it will do so. Noth
ing can be gained in politics by defying public
opinion. There is no profit to a party in alienating
the confidence of the rank and file on the very eve
of a campaign. At the time the blanket ticket scheme
•was devised the members of the committee -may not
have been aware of the opposition to it within the
party ranks. They are now, however, fully aware of
it, and not to withdraw it would be to persist in a
blunder even when known to be such.
In addition to the popular antagonism to the
scheme there is the further consideration that in the
opinion of many able lawyers a blanket ticket would
be invalid. That issue will be raised before the Elec
tion Commissioners if an attempt be made to uphold
the petition. There is no need for raising it. The
whole matter can be cleared by a withdrawal of the
ill-devised petition and a request that the Commis
sioners provide for the election by Assembly districts.
When once the blanket ticket scheme has been dis
posed of, the interest of the public will center in the
choice of Assembly district candidates for the county
convention. The very fact that the election of dele
gates is to be made by districts will tend to bring
about the election of truly representative men. It
■will not be so easy to procure the choice of unfit men
ct machine politicians by district voting as it would
have been under the blanket system. That is one of
the chief reasons why the better element of the party
has demanded election by districts, and it now re
mains for that element to profit by the advantage.
Every municipal election involves some issue of
notable importance to the community, but this one
has many such issues. Upon the officers who are to
be elected will devolve the duly of organizing the
government under the new charter and inaugurating
the new system of administration. It ' cannot be
doubted that it will be to the best interest of San
Francisco if that duty be intrusted to the Republican
party, nor is it to be disputed that the independent
"voters will gladly support the Republican candidates
if they are truly representative of genuine Repub
licanism. They will not support the ticket if it be
made up of men who represent only the domination
of the railroad and the cunning of Burns.
A clean ticket means a clean victory, but any other
kind means foul defeat. Let us have delegates to the
convention chosen by Assembly districts, worthy rep
resentatives of Republicanism, and a strong and
trustworthy ticket. Then the contest at the polls
need not be feared. In this issue the Republican
party can afford to defy the railroad and the bosses,
but it cannot afford to offend the people.
CALIFORNIA hardly needs make any elaborate
preparations to welcome the Oregon volunteers
when they arrive on their return from the Phil
ippines. • The spontaneous enthusiasm of the people
for the heroes of the war with Spain, their pride in
the manhood of the Pacific Coast, and their general
delight in hospitality, are in themselves sufficient to
assure to the returning Oregonians, if the Govern
ment permit them to land here, a welcome that will
be notable in the annals of the city — one that the vol
unteers will talk of in their northern homes for years
to come.
Hardly less intense, and none the less cordial, than
the welcome which awaits the volunteers is that which
is extended to the Governor of Oregon and his mili
tary staff, who. have come to this city to receive the
heroes on their arrival. As Governor Geer has made
his visit informally, there will be of course, in ac
cordance with his wish, no public demonstration in
his honor. From the National Guard of the State
and from the State and civic officials, as \<fcll as from
private citizens, however, he will receive abundant
courtesies and hospitalities to attest the honor with
which California regards Oregon, and to prove the
thoroughness with which we sympathize with the
mission that brings him here.
Pacific Coast men, no matter from what State they
h,ail, can never feel other than at home in this city.
As the metropolis of this large section of the world,
San Francisco draws to herself enterprising men from
all the surrounding States, and they bring with them
the patriotisms of the localities from which they come.
Thus there is a strong . Oregon sentiment in San
Francisco, and Governor Geer and his gallant staff
can feel the influence of it in the welcome accorded
them. The record made by the Oregon -volunteers
during the war has added much to the prestige of the
Pacific Coast, and California, as the empire State of
the coast, can have nothing but welcome and hos
pitality for the volunteers themselves and for their
honored Governor.
Dispatches going the rounds of the anti-Alger press
teem with innuendo. A recent one, announcing the al
leged determination of the President to rid himself
at any cost of the Secretary of War, is headed, "He
Will Take the Bull by the Horns." Why will some
people not refrain from casting up that old beef
scandal?
The boy that didn't know it was loaded should be
made to pay the penalty of idiocy, if not that of crime.
With the fear of that punishment he might point the
gun at himself first.
The Kelly and Crimmins blankety-blank ticket is,
like charity, designed to cover a multitude of sins.
All the fashion magazines agree that divorce suits
are still the mode in South Dakota.
CALIFORNIA AND OREGON.
GENUINE SEA SERPENT
IN NEW YORK AQUARIUM
As the Sea Serpent Looks in the Tanks of the Aquarium.
Sketched From Life.
THE real thins in a B«a serpent was added yesterday to the collection of fish
and reptiles at the aquarium in Battery Park, says the New York World.
It is known as a preen moray. and is the first of its kind ever exhibited in
this part of the country. In the West Indies, where it makes its home
among the coral reefs at the bottom of the ocean, it is known to the natives as
the devil's terror. They stand in great awe of these creatures, which are as
ugly as they are powerful and which are believed by many to be superhuman.
Curator 1,. B, ST>encer of the aquarium received the sea serpent yesterday
with nearly 100 other varieties of fish sent from the West Indies on the steamer
Orinoco. It was placed in one of the exhibition tanks in the afternoon and was
surrounded by a crowd Until closing time. The serpent is ahout seven feet lons
and about twenty-four inches in circumference. It has a sharp snout and nar
row jaws with small eyes set well down toward the point of the snout. Its
teeth are iike needles and slant backward, so that once it has its prey in its mouth
there is no escape.
The great strength of the beast and its, quickness and speed in the water lie in
a bmad dorsal tin extending the entire length of. its back. It belongs to the eel
family and lives mostly on smaller fish and crustaceans. The head in . certain
positions suggested the typical witch's head.
"We had great difficulty," said Curator Spencer, "in securing a green moray
because the natives of the West Indies stand in such terror of them. As it was,
we only got this one by offering a bonus for its capture. I am not sure how it
was caught, but I presume it was in a trap built on the same principle as a lob
ster pot. It showed the wonderful strength of its jaws while being transferred
to the steamer by snapping off the end of a plank that was placed over the tank
to prevent Its escape. The natives claim the bite of the fish is deadly poison,
but I am not so sure of that. We shall know more about the creature after we
have hnd him a little -longer."
Of the other specimens received many were rare. Their colors were as bril
liant and varied as those «f the birds of the tropics. Some were extremely odd—
the' Scotch porgle, with his plaid skin; the cowflsh, with square, horned head,
and the "surgeon," who carries a sharp knife of horn in a groove in his side,
which he shoots out viciously when angered.
"It is the finest shipment of specimens we have ever received," said Professor
Spencer.
THE DEADLY KISSING BUG
I.
Now, that the horrid serpent of the sum
mer sea hotel
Has been captured and stowed safely
in a brand new iron cage,
You would think that for a season there
would be a breathing spell
For the reader of the gorgeous Sunday
supplemental page.
But you know not the resources of the
supplemental staff.
Or the joy it takes in breaking idols
other people hug,
Else you'd know it touched the button
on the wireless telegraph
To supplant the captive monster with
the deadly kissing bug.
He starts It off with Pharaoh, mentions
Pharaoh's daughter, too;
Tells you how she fd\ind young Moses
in the Nile:
Shows you that precocious infant busy
playing peek-a-boo
With the bulls among the rushes and
the tearful crocodile.
He dwells at length upon the plagues that
swept that ancient land;
Lulls your senses with the deftness of
a Wilkie Collins thug.
And while you're in a coma, proves the
locusts, out of hand, .
Were the pestilentiaf forebears of tha
deadly kissing bug. J. B. C.
THE BAD LUCK OF THE PARIS
By an American Sean>an.
Capyrigh'ted, 1599, by Kate Elise Boyns.
Yesterday we were favored hy the East
ern dispatches with news of Captain Wat
kins' explanation of his great misfortune
in the loss of his command, and two offl
cors of the Federal Government have
aired their views as to his desert for the
accident. .
It seems to me I have a right to be
heard in Captain Watkins' defense. It
seems to me that I have a right to ask th«
removal of the incompetent individuals
who punished him— not because they pun
ished hlm-w-but Instances of gross lncapa
' bility should call for an iron hand.
This article is written by one who
knows a few more inches of that particular
part of the English coast than the ignorant
British admiral who declared that "an in
dividual who could not navigate any ship
from Cherbourg around the Lizard was
incapable of navigating anything any-
I where." On occasion I have been unable
It puzzles entomologists to classify the
cuss.
. So like is he to other bugs, in hue and
shape and size;
They only know that, 'way down East,
he's kicking up a fuss—
An Ishmael of the insect world, sans
family or ties. -
The man upon the Sunday supp. Is wiser
far than they;
He looks upon their science as a liter
ary drug;
He takes him down his Bible and, before
you know it— say! .
He has written up the story 'of the
deadly kissing bug. \ ■
to navigate a ship from Cherbourg: to the
Lizard with certainty, and to Squire
Thornton Stratford Lecky, the distin
guished author of "Wrinkles in Practical
Navigation"— a work which is supplied to
far more ships than "Sea Power"— l am
content to leave my right to Insult a non
sea-going admiral and to speak one word
In behalf of a badly treated man.
Of all the navigable channels in the
world the English is the most treacher
ous. That is why a couple of grand steam
ers lie on rocks near where I spent some
of my earlier years. The English Chan
nel is a funnel. When it has been blowing
hard from the north, from the south,
from the east or from the west for days
the currents in it ran no more oe depended
on than the top that a boy spins can be
depended on to land anywhere in par
ticular.
Let me Illustrate: A few years ago
(possibly fifteen) I was In command of
a steamship bound "up the channel.
Off Ushant a course was set for. Start
Point, a distance of, roughly, 125 miles.
At sunset the position was determined by
both stellar observation and a sounding
(that Godsend to the marftier the Sir
William Thomson's sounder being at my
disposal). The chief officer of the ship
quite as well, indeed better, locally ac
quainted than myself— rejoiced at the an
ticipation of a good run to Dartmouth
(for coal). In the early morning hours
it clouded over, but fog was not in evi
dence, and so I did not "bother the
bridge." When the Start light had failed
to make its appearance when due I wor
ried a little and when the watch was re
lieved at 4 a. in. binoculars were begin
ning to get polished every thirty seconds.
I decided to take a sounding and as was
my habit— not a bad one, my marine
friends— l hied me to the chart room to
find 'out exactly what water we should
be In. Scarcely had my rulers got on
the chart when I heard— almost concur
rently— "Hard-a-starboard" and "Land
ahead." It took about a second to get
nn the bridge, and when the ship had
completed her semicircle the engines
were, of course, stopped. A sounding was
being taken by the chief officer and I am
open to confess until he brought the
"bottom" to me I knew not whether I
was near Alderney or on the English
coast. (It may be explained that red
sand is always found to some extent on
the southern side of this vicious channel
and never on the northern.) Where" was
I? Absolutely insklo Start Point and al
most on top of Bolt's Tail!
My experience In crossing the channel
it has been greater than that of any ten
admirals or seven inspectors of Bteam
vessels is— that once inside "the race" off
Falmouth when it has been Mowing (and
it is not necessary that the gale has been
on the day immediately preceding) is that
it is "good-by" unless you use the lead.
If Captain Watkins did not use the load
he certainly is to be blamed, but why
Judgment should be passed on him by
men who aver that the "tide" must have
struck the Paris on her port bow Ch*>r
port stern and a ■ trifle of the cur
rent having gone below for a rest pre
sumably)—when they show their ignor
ance of localities by not knowinc that
the Lizard lights in line lead absolutely
clear of the Manacles (they are about 230
feet above high water and cannot be seen
many a time and oft from where the
Paris lies), I think it right to ask why
are not competent naval officers appoint
ed to posts which they could and would
creditably fill?
It is fair to state that it was high water
at Brest, the standard port for that part
of the channel, at 0:32 and 6:4fi a. m. on the
morning the Paris struck. Whether she
struck at 1:15 or 7:15 (accounts differ)
matters not, but in any case it appears
to have been at nearly high water. It
may be that not quite a sufficient allow
ance was made for the inset.- but the al
most certainties are that one of the rushes
of water into that corner of the channel
(where I have marly lost my life a score
of times) is responsible for Captain Wat
kins' accident, and not carelessness or
bad judgment.
To conclude: These "Inspectors of steam
vessels" assert that his report is "meager
in detail." I wonder how he made a con
nected one at all. This man, whom I have
met but once and yet highly respect, is
an excellent seaman. He is to-day at an
utter loss to explain how he got his ship
where she unfortunately is; but I am
willing to gamble my reputation as a
marine critic — and that I value slightly —
that the milk in the cocoanut is in thia
article. _^__________
NEW PRESIDENT
OF STATE UNIVERSITY
BERKELEY, Cal., July 10. I*o9.
Editor The Call— Dear Sir: As r.n.
alumnus of the University of California
and a reader of The *Call I wish to thank
you for the right stand you have taken
on the question of securing an able pres
ident for the university.
I hope that you will continue to assist
the members of the Board of Regents,
who are endeavoring to invest the presi
dency with adequate powers, and that
you will lose no opportunity to impress
on the recalcitrant members that by their
actions they are forcing the people of the
State, whether justly or unjustly, to re
gard them as reserving the power of ap
pointing for the benefit of their friends
and followers.
It is but reasonable to suppose that a
president whose whole time is spent in
overseeing the work of the faculty will he
better acquainted with the qualifications
of individuals on that staff than will be
a Board of Regents whose time and at
tention are absorbed in matters of their
own business.
Moreover, as his whole reputation de
pends on the effectiveness of the corps
which he directs, he may safely be trusted
with the best 4nterests of the university.
Yours respectfully. " CALIFORNIAN."
■ m ■
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next iunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewer.
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
BURGLARS AT OCEAN BEACH.
They Use a Wagon to Carry Away
the Articles Stolen.
Two enterprising burglars went ont
Monday night to the Ocean Beach with a
wagon and visited a number of the houses
In the locality. Mrs. Freda Krueger
heard them trying to force open a window
and she notified her father. He got out
of bed and after dressing himself went
out in search of the burglars.
They did not wait for his coming, but
broke* into the house of Mrs. Maggie Stu
vel, 123 Forty-ninth avenue, and curled
off a large quantity of provisions, cloth
ing and trinkets. The burglary was re
ported to the police yesterday.
Jack Trainor's Legs.
Jack Trainor is unfortunate with his
legs. Recently he broke his right leg and
It is still wreak. Yesterday afternoon he
was going up in the elevator in
the . rear of the Golden Gate
stables at Golden Gate avenue with
some friends. Not knowing that the ele
vator stopped of its own accord, when it
reached the top floor they all jumped out.
and Trainor alighted so hard on his left
leg that it was fractured. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital. « _
■j'ri> '■'■ : ' ♦ « ;
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lbat Townsend's.'
. -> •
Trunks, valises, traveling rolls, purses.
Best goods, best values at Sanborn &
Van's. ' £.>;:'>:.■- ;•;■•:•:-': •
„ . .-•-. . . ;
Special information supplied dally to
business' houses and. public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery 'street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The Kennedy Inquest.
Coroner Hill has set Friday at 10 o'clock
as the date for holding the inquest on the
body of Mrs. If. A. Kennedy of 730 V
Hayes street, who died from burns re
ceived at the hands of Cornelius Manning
who hurled a lighted coal oil lamp at her'
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by . millions of
mothers for their children while Teething wit »
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures W« Colic reg
ulates the Bowels and Is tile best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
« ♦ » — -
HOTEL DEL COROX ADO— Take advantage,
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
Hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply a V
New Montgomery street. . San Francisco.
On July 13 and 14 the Santa Fe route will sell
tickets to Indianapolis and return at the very
low rate of $76. Occasion— annual meeting of
the Epworth League. • Get full particulars ac
the Santa Fe office. .-> Market street.
Keep loosing young ana save your ha!r,lt» color
and beauty with Parker's Hair Balsam.
lli* buucotixs, the best euro tor cora*. 15 on."ST. JOHN'S CHURCH AT
LAKEPORT CONSECRATED
TAKKI iRT, July 11.— Sunday was a red-letter day in the history of the church in Lake County. The occasion
official visit of the Right Rev. William H. Moreland, Bishop of Sacramento, for the purpose of
• ntly completed building of St. John's Protestant Episcopal Church.
1 j ding is the design of Willis Polk, the architect, of San Francisco, and is completed in the latest
ed style of ecclesiastical architecture. The building is Gothic, the exterior and interior appoint-
Bt bt-autiful character.
The ceremonies consisted of an early communion service at 8 o'clock in the forenoon. The regular consecration
 til o'clock, a large audience thronging the church. Bishop Moreland conducted the service,
ted bj Rev, B. D. Sinclair, the rector in charge. Morning prayer was first said, the vested choir, Mrs. W. B.
st, and H. V. Keeling, choirmaster, entering in procession. The choir consisted of the following mem-
Mrs. H. V. Keeling. Miss Celia Atherton, Miss Myrtle Hobbs, sopranos; Mrs. Maud Swayza, Miss Sara Col-
El. Chamberlin, altos; Messrs. H. V. Keeling and N. John Lake, tenors; J. Banks, Alvord Schrqeder,
Fred Loring and George Prier, bassos.
riate lessons were read, and Thomas' "Te Deum" and Handel's "Jubilate in G" -were rendered by the
choir with fine effect.
H. V. X Ld the instrument of donation, and Rev. B. D. Sinclair the sentence of consecration, signed and
sealed by Bishop Moreland. The communion office followed, the Bishop being the celebrant, assisted by the rector.
Bishop More-land preached a masterly discourse on "Reverence My Sancuary."
At the evening service, at which another large audience was present, the Bishop again preached, and a class of
seven were confirmed. In response to the appeal of the rector a generous friend donated a $110 bell, and other
friend? a memorial baptism font.
The new church starts off with the most auspicious prospects, and rector and people are full of enthusiasm.
Bishop Moreland made a fine impression, and" large offerings were made. The officers and organization of the
church are to be perfected to-day.
COAST DEFENSE
PROBLEM SOLVED
Explosives Fired From
Ordinary Canon.
PRISMATIC POWDER USED
SHELL CO3STTAINTNG GELATINE
REMAINS INTACT.
It Is Demonstrated That Pneumatic
Power Guns Are Not Neces
sary on Vessels Like the
Vesuvius.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 11.— A shell con
taining 113 pounds of explosive gelatine,
the mo=t destructive explosive known,
vaa discharged to-day from a modern
twelve-inch breech-loading rifle with an
ordinary Bervlce charge of brown pris
matic powder, and did not explode. The
ex] sriment was made at the proving
grounds at Sandy Hook in the presence
of the Hoard of Ordnance and Fortifl
catio. -"veral engineer officers.
Foi the first time the possibility of
firing a high explosive from an ordinary
coast-defense rifle received official dem
onstration.
Although the Board of Ordnance and
Fortification naturally would give no
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TILjJAW
Eczema on Leg from Knee to Toe.
No Rest Day or Night. Doctors,
Salves, etc., Could Not Cure.
CUTICURfi REMEDIES CURED
About three years ago my husband's legs,
from the knee down to his toes, were red and
Itching with Eczema. He had no rest day
orn'.ght, and would scratch all the time, so his
legs would be raw. Ho had a good many doc-
tors. They toid him th"re wu nothing wrong
with his blood, and they gave him salve and other
things to rub on. He had about a peck of bottles
and boxes of naive and none of them did him any
good. Ho worried that way about one year, and
gave the doctors quit a lot of money. I told him
cne day the trouble waa all in his blood, and told
him to try CUTICCTU remedies. He went that
Instant and got Cuticura Boap, Cuticura (oint-
ment), Cutjcuha Reholvent. That night
he rested well, and kept getting better until he
was cured, and it has not returned since.
Mi:s. 11. JENKINS,
Sept. 11, 1898. Box 147, Uiddleboro, Ky.
ECZEMA ON BABY 8 MONTHS
CURED BY CUTICURA
A friend of mine, Mrs. Staples, has a child two
years old, whose almost entire face and head
was covered with a mass of sores, which she had
had for eight months. The doctors pronounced
It Eczema, but did not relieve her any. 6h«
would scratch until the blood would ran. I told
her to get Cutici'ka, und she did so, purchasing
two boxes of Cuticura (ointment) and one coke
of CuTicurtA SOAP, and the child in well now.
Mr.s. H. JENKINS, Box 147, Middleboro, Ky.
In all the worM there is no other treatment so
pure, bo sweet, so speedily c fleet Iva for dlttr easing
skin humors of Infants and children as Cutiouba
remedies, Kreateet of skin cures, blood purifiers,
and humor remedies. Warm baths with Coti-
Cuba Soap, and gentle anointings with (uticttba,
purest of emollient skin cure*, will afford Instant
relief, permit rait and sleep, and point to a speedy,
permanent, and economical cure, when the best
physicians, hospitals. ai.il all else fall.
Bold throughout the world. Pottsx Decs a.iiiChi«,
Cokp., bola rrop*., Bo«to-'. " How to Cure Ec«m», M free.
RED ROUGH HANDS ""SSSSfSS*
i opinion until its official report is made,
other officers who witnessed the test
• expressed the opinion that the coast
defense problem had at last been solv
: cd.
General Miles was present. There was
also a special board appointed by the
War Department at the request of the
chief of engineers to determine wheth
er the Lewis range finder is affected by
the blasts of near-by guns. A gun
was placed at a low angle and was
fired out to sea. The shell, emerging
from the rifle at a velocity of 2300 feet
a Becond, skimmed along the surface
of the water, thrice ricochetting with
out exploding. As the rifle was dis
charged some of the officers almost in
voluntarily dodged, and as the shell
struck the water General Miles ex
claimed:
•Why. it didn't explode!"
In ordinary warfare the shell would
be fitted with a detonating fuse, which
| would have exploded it on contact with
j any object, but the risk of blowing up
1 any vessel that might happen to be in
i the vicinity was considered too great,
'and. instead of the detonating fuse, a
plug was used. Heretofore with guns
firing explosives such as those on the
dynamite gun vessel Vesuvius the
power has been pneumatic. This is the
principle of the Sims-Dudley powder
! pneumatic guns, with which tests were
: next made. Shells containing twenty
, and ten pound charges nf explosive gel
atine were successfully discharged.
ENACTING THE GOLD
STANDARD INTO LAW
; It Is Believed That Democrats in Con
gress Will Champion the Sil
ver Issue in Vain.
! WASHINGTON, July 11.— Another Con
i gressional contest over the silver issue
i will be the result of the determination
I of the Republican caucus committee to
) report in favor of enacting the gold stand
' ard Into law. Among the few Democratic
; politicians now at Washington it is de
, dared that the issue will be cheerfully
| mot. Followers of Mr. Bryan will be
cularly pleased to have the issue
brought to* the front again, and there is
every pr^pp''""! of a heated debate in both
bouses of Congress.
Though Senator Chandler has declared
i his unwillingness to support any measure
i that makes the gold standard a law and
! takf-s it out of the power of the Demo
i cratlc or Populist President to bring the
; country to a silver basis, it is believed he
I will have few followers among the
[ straight-out Republicans. Some Senators
[ may insist on a declaration in favor of
the remonetization of silver by interna
tional agreement being incorporated in
any measure passed, and it Is highly
probable that such declaration may be
put into the proposed bill, but it will have
no effect in law and will be nothing more
than an expression of opinion.
The chances for an international agree
ment which were slim at the beginning
of the present administration, have grown
much less. The enormous increase in the
gold production of the world and evi
dence* that the increase Is to continue
have removed the strongest argument
that free silver men had that there was
not enough gold in the world to form the
basis of money systems.
Another Revere blow to the advocates
of' an international agreement is the an
nouncement from London that the British
Parliamentary committee on Indian cur
rency has reported in favor of the estab
lishment of a gold standard In India.
HARDSHIP ON SHEEPMEN.
Stanislaus Reservation Law Is Bit
terly Denounced.
SAN ANDREAS, July 11.— Assemblyman
Harvey S. Blood of this county, who waa
In San Andreas to-day, spoke unsparingly
in his denunciation of the Stanislaus res
ervation law. This law is provoking se
vere criticism by sheepmen and cattle
men. Alpine, Amador, Calaveras and
Tuolumne counties are the ones made to
suffer by this discrimination. Company A
of United States Cavalry is upon the res
ervation and mounted guards are contin
ually traversing the line, ordering back
the sheepmen. Cattlemen are allowed to
pass this year, but are warned against
coming next year. As the valleys will not
sustain the surplus herds of sheep and
cattle the law will cause hardship. Stock
men say they will go out of business, as
they will not be allowed to feed their
stock upon their own grounds in the
mountains. The Government has offered
to exchange land with those who are de
prived of thia right for other Government
laud outside the reservation. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 12, 1899.
COUNTRY EDITORS
SCORE A VICTORY
I Win a Santa Clara Test
Case.
PUBLICATION OF TAX LISTS
SUPERVISORS MAY PATRONIZE
EACH PAPER.
Judge Lorig-an Decides They Have
the Authority to Place the
Printing With Whom
They Choose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I SAX JOSE, July 11.— The delinquent tax
I list will be "farmed out" among the varl
; ous weekly papers of the county by the
I Board of Supervisors. This was declared
to be a legal charge against the county by
Judge JLorigan to-day, and the proprietors
of some fifteen country weeklies will be
gainers of sums ranging from $16 to over
j $50. The decision was given in a suit
t brought in the Superior Court by S. T.
! Moore to compel County Auditor Morrison,
to pay a claim of $16 assigned to the
plaintiff by George A. Edes, proprietor of
I the Morgan Hill Sun.
For several years it has been the custom
! of the Board of Supervisors to order the
i publication of portions of the tax list of
I various townships in papers located in the
i townships, in addition to the publication
lin the county official paper. Some of tho
! taxpayers have objected to this, and this
i year they called District Attorney Camp
i bell's attention to the matter. This oili
i cial notified the Supervisors that it could
j not be made a legal charge against the
county, and warned the Auditor against
paying the claims. Moore then sued out a
writ of mandate compelling the Auditor to
pay the claims of the Morgan Hill Sun.
in his decision Judge Lorigan says:
"I nder the statute the Tax Collector ia
charged with the dut^ of publishing such
1 entire list as the official and legal publica
i tion but his duty to so select and pub
i lish is not exclusive. It does not preclude
the Board of Supervisors from directing
such further publication as will in the
i judgment of that body further the pur
i pose of giving notice to the taxpayers of
! their delinquency. A little reflection will
• make it apparent that the printing of por-
I tions of the delinquent list in papers pub
lished in the various townships of tho
county is in harmony with a full discharge
of the duties of the Board of Supervisors,
and for the benefit of the county.
"The country has a particular interest in
seeing that its revenues are collected by
the taxpayers paying their portion of the
I assessed taxes, and as notice of delin
quency most, likely to be brought to the
attention of the taxpayers is designed to
accomplish that result, reasonable efforts
made in that direction by the Supervisors
are proper. It is obvious that this object
is best accomplished by the publication in
those papers which are published in tho
immediate vicinity of the residence of the
taxpayers, and the location of the prop
erty upon which the taxes are delinquent.
I am of the opinion that the Board of Su
pervisors had power to order the publica
tion."
Great interest centered in the case. The
Board of Supervisors had placed the price
of publication of the tax list at 86 cents
per name.
Nickel Machines Must Go.
SAN RAFAEL. July 11.— The nickcl-in
the-slot machine is doomed in this city.
A few weeks ago an ordinance was drawn
up by City Attorney Thomas P. Boyd and
Attorney Henry Eickhoff and presented to
the Board of Town Trustees for its con
sideration, making it a misdemeanor for
any person to have a slot machine about
his place for public use. It is said sev
eral business men who made use of the
machine were in favor of the adoption of
the ordinance on account of the demoral
izing effects of the machine on the youths
cf the community. Last night the ordi
nance was unanimously adopted by the
board, to go into effect next Thursday.
Given away with each cash want adver
ttsemsnt ordered in next Sunday Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colon, size 14x2 1 inchts,
\ ready far teaming, (
DENNERY MIXES
MATTERS WITH
ALFRED PATTON
Disgraceful Brawl at
Health Office.
NO BLOOD WAS SPILLED
QUARREL OCCURRED OVER A
SALARY DEMAND.
The Enraged Secretary Gave the Ex
rood Inspector Three Vicious
Slaps on the Wrist and
Friends Broke In.
In the picturesque but inelegant lan
guage of Port Warden Kenneally, hi.-;
friend Leon Dennery, secretary to the j
Board of Health, has "slopped over." The j
hot Dennery blood got the upper hand y> B
terday, and the hero of a dozen Tender
loin brawls sailed into ex-Food Inspector
A. T. Patton, struck him in the face with
a wad of paper and slapped him fiercely
on both wrists. The affair might have
been worse, but friends intervened.
Patton went to law over his discharge i
by the last Board of Health and got a j
verdict from the court ordering the board I
to reinstate him. The board, however, j
appealed, but Putton, as a matter of best !
policy, continued to report for duty in
the morning and leave his salary demand
at the end of the month. i
He turned up yesterday morning and of
fered his usual demand to Dennery. Den- j
nery declined to receive it. Then Patton
went to Garret McEnerney, who said he
would write a note to the secretary In i JC
planation. In the afternoon Patton again
went to Dennery and, tendered his demand. ;
It was again refused, and he tossed it on |
Dennery"s desk and turned to leave tho j
room. i
The fire-eating secretary came to the ■
conclusion that it was time to make
known that the dignity of the push could
i not be trifled with, and grabbing the de
i mand he leaped at Patton and with the ;
i folded paper slapped him a heavy blow on !
the left ear. Patton turned to see wl at
was going on, and saw Dennery arranging
his necktie for another swat. He antici
pated it with a stiff punch on the Jaw.
Though Dennery's breath was coming in
short pants from his first exertion he waa
by no means out, and succeeded in return-
Ing a hard right and left on each of Pat
ton's wrists. The battle was carried Into
the hall, where a crowd of jeering onlook
ers quickly gathered. No one interfered
until Dennery attempted to foul Patton
with a short-arm jab on the ankle, when
friends stepped in and put a stop to fur
ther damage.
The spectacle was hardly edifying from i
■ any point of view. The angry secretary |
] made use of about all the billingsgate he [
could muster after his late campaign with
Colonel Burns, and Patton was not trail- j
ing far behind him. Even after the two !
men were separated they continued to j
curse each other until dragged away In
different directions. That the row did not <
take on a more serious aspect is remark
! able, as Dennery is known as a vicious
! lighter under certain circumstances.
There were no arrests.
A NOTABLE EVENT
Monster Family Excursion to Santa
Cruz.
SPLENDID TRAINS OF FIRST
CLASS COACHES AND A
VERY LOW RATE
OF FARE.
A Good Opportunity to Enjoy the
Many Attractions of the City
by the Sea.
The Southern Pacific Company an
nounces that Sunday, the 23d inst., is
the date set apart for the great annual
excursion to Santa Cruz, and which
will enable excursionists to visit this
beautiful city by the sea during the
height of the summer season and par
ticipate with the thousands of other
visitors in the enjoyment of swimming,
boating, driving, etc.
Another very important attraction at
Santa Cruz at this time will be the
beautiful camp of the League of the
! Cross Cadets, numbering over 500.
As heretofore this great excursion
will be under the personal supervision
of Colonel William H. Mtnton, the
I well-known excursion passenger agent
of the Southern Pacific Company, who
will see to it that the excursionists are
well cared for.
These trains (the excursion being
run probably in three sections) will be
| run over the scenic narrow-gauge route
through the famous Santa Clara Val
ley and along the beautiful streams
which wind through the magnificent
redwood forests of the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
The round-trip rate for this occasion
has been placed at the very low price
r.f $2. and special excursion tickets will
be placed on sale at the Grand Hotel
ticket office on July 19, 20. 21 and 22.
and at the depot ticket office on the
morning of the excursion. Those in
tending to avail themselves of this op
portunity will take the 7:45 a. m. boat
from the San Francisco ferry landing.
Train leaves Fourteenth and Franklin
streets at 7:45 a. m. and from Alameda
(Park street) at 8:20 a. m. Returning,
excursionists will be landed at San
Francisco at 8:05 p. m.
SECURED A NEW TRIAL.
Supreme Court Awards Tax Collector
Johnson of Mendocino County
Another Hearing.
Ex-Tax Collector J. R. Johnson of Men
clno County was granted a new trial yes
terday by the Supreme Court. As Tax
Collector of the northern county it is al
leged he collected three thousand dollars
which was not turned into the county
treasury. Suit was brought by the coun
ty to recover the amount from his bonds
men and a decision was rendered against
the official. He appealed and the Supreme
Court reversed the judgment because the
court excluded evidence of certain sums
of money that he paid into the treasury,
which were shown by the Treasurer's re
ceipts. The reason given by the lower
court for excluding the testimony was
that it would not do the defendant any
good, because the plaintiff could by
amending his complaint charge and credit
the plaintiff with all sums collected by
him and paid into the treasury and there
would still be the three thousand dollar
item unaccounted for.
The Supreme Court held that the rejec
tion of evidence that was admittedly com
petent could not be satisfied by any such
ground. It, therefore, granted the ap
pellant a new trial.
"Cars stop here," this is the »lKn
The Market-Bt. Railway wish to define.
Pegamoid Aluminum does it for them;
Opposite "Call Bldg." 'tis a gem.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Nellsine Anderson from Peter Anderson ,
on the ground of willful neglect; Eliza
beth Johnson from W. C. Johnson, on the
ground of desertion, and Amelia Smith
from Frank Smith, on the ground of de
sertion.
Suits for divorce have been filed by An
nie Lohse against Julius Lohse, for infidel
ity; Mary Bosacci against Ernest Bosaccl,
for cruelty; Eliza T. Coombs against John
H. Coombs, for desertion; Maud M. Wood
thorpe against Henry C. "Woodthorpe. for
desertion, and Lillian E. Rowell against
Joseph W. Rowell, for intemperance.
_• ♦ ■
Wedding invitations, visiting cards, fine
stationery and printing at Sanborn &
,VaU'B. • J
TO BRING THE
EPWORTH LEAGUE
TO CALIFORNIA
Departing Delegates
Bidden Godspeed.
A FAREWELL RECEPTION
BIG GATHERING AT THE CEN
TRAL M. E. CHURCH.
Northern California's Representatives
to the Convention at Indian
apolis Listen to Words
of Advice.
The delegates from Northern California
to the session of the international conven
i tion of the Epworth League of the Mctho
| dist Episcopal Church, which convenes In
i Indianapolis next Wednesday, were given
an enthusiastic- farewell at the Central
Methodist Episcopal Church on Mission
street mar Seventh last evening. The
California delegation as a whole will work
. to secure the convention of 1901 for Call
! fornia, the question of whether it shall be
j held in San Francisco or Los Angeles to
be left for future decision as a matter of
I secondary importance.
The vestry of the church, in which the
j meeting was held, was well filled, among
those present being a number of Leaguers
from the towns on the other side of the
bay, Napa, San Jose and other places in
the interior, all anxious to testify their
interest in the movement and furnish in
spiration to the delegates on the eve of
', their departure on their important mis
sion, both by their presence and their
1 words of cheer.
C. H. Perkins presided and opened tne
! proceedings with a felicitous address
; which ;>ut everybody in good humor and
prepared the way for those who followed
him. Nearly all the delegates, with the
j exception of the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case,
j who is in the East, were present and oc
: cupied st-ats near the platform.
Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson was the
| first speaker and he declared that Cali
fornia, as one of the strongholds of the
leaguers, was a good place to hold the an
nual convention, and he had no doubt that
: the effort to bring it here would be suc
cessful if the proper amount of energy
' were expended in that direction. He was
j followed by Vi. H. Waste of Oakland,
!Dr Bovard, Mr. Morton of San Jose,
Mr Alexander of Livermore. T. B. Hutch
inson and Dr. "Williams of Napa. Dr. Ftl
i ben. Dr. J. N. Beard and Dr. Locke, All
the' speeches were short and all were
brim-full of eloquence and aroused un
bounded enthusiasm. Dr. Beard urged
everybody who was interested in the Cal
| iforriia branch of the league to give the
i delegates every assistance in his power,
I not only in words of encouragement be
fore their departure, but in letters of en
i eouragement after their arrival on the
' rield at Indianapolis.
Mr. Perkins announced that although
I Dr. Case was not present he had sent
word that the Leaguers of the Northwest,
or that part of the country formerly
known as the Northwest, up around St.
Paul and Minneapolis, were going to the
convention shouting "California and 1901."
and the announcement was received with
a burst of applause.
The delegates from the northern section
of the State are: Dr. W. W. Case, Dr. J.
N. Beard, Dr. Thomas Filben, Dr. J. C.
Simmons Dr. Thomas Boyers, Henry
i Morton, T. B. Hutchinson, Louis Norton
i and W. H. "Waste. Four of the delegates
! will leave for the East to-night and the
i remaining delegates will get away the last
j of the week.
STANFORD PARLOR
INSTALLS OFFICERS
BIG GATHERING OF JOLLY NA
TIVE SONS.
The Members of Seventy-Six Enjoy a
Way Up Supper and Listen to
Songs and Speeches.
It was Stanford's night last night, that
i.3. it was a gala time for the members
of Stanford Parlor No. 76, Native Sons of
the Golden West. After initiating FranK;
J. Dougherty the officers chosen for the
current year were installed by District
Deputy Grand President Henry F. Per
nau. assisted by W. D. Hobro as grand
marshal and a staff of officers. The in-
Etahation was in the Native Sons' Hail
am 1 was for members of the order only.
After the ceremonies were at an end an i
th.> usual proclamation had been made
the members and a number of inviteo.
guests proceeded to the Claus Spreckies
Building Cafe to enjoy a first-class ban
quet. The officers who are to serve for
the current term are: D. A. Curtin, past
president: William A. Deane (County
CMerk) president; William H. Dick, first;
\\ P. Humphreys, second, and W. D.
llynes, third vice president; Fred H.
Jung recording secretary (re-elected);
Joseph G. Cox, financial secretary; F. ri.
Eckenroth. treasurer; W. S. Ru<-ker. mar
shal; W. McGonigie, inside, and B. H.
Hammer, outside sentinel.
At the banquet there were present about
one hundred and fifty, who after discuss
ing the good things laid before them were
called t.i attention by President Deane,
who in a few words introduced Harrison
Houstworth, the toastmaster of the even
ing- After a few remarks by the Native
Son who had been selected to make other
Native Sons talk, he called upon William
Ogilvie, who favored with several vocal
selections.
"Our Order" was responded to by C. A.
Reynolds. Then followed more vocal se
lections by William O'Brien, and then J.
W. Ivewisi P. P. and D. D. G. P.. on be
half of the parlor, presented to John J.
McCarthy, the retiring past president, a
JujVEBTISEMENTS.
7jo 77/rs. Zrinkhamj
jCynn, 97/ ass,
[LETTER TO MRS. FINKHAX NO. 41,307]
" Dear Friend — A year ago I was a
great sufferer from female weakness.
My head ached all the time and I would
get so dizzy and have that all gone
feeling in the stomach and was so
nervous and restless that I did not
know what to do with myself.
" My food did me no good and I had a
bad case of whites. I wrote to you and
after taking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound as directed, I can
truly say that I feel like a new -woman
and cannot tell you how grateful I am
to you.
"I have recommended it to all my
friends and have given it to my
daughter ho is now getting along
splendidly. May you live many years
to help our suffering sisters." — Mrs. C.
CARPE2JTEB, 253 GrA>'D St., Bbooklyn,
N. Y.
Over eighty . thousand
such letters as this were re-
ceived by Mrs. Pinkham
during 1897. Surely this is
strong proof of her ability
to help suffering women.
goM and diamond set badgre of the order,
indicative of his rank. It is one of those
beauties of art which this parlor always
presents to its outgoing past president
to remind him of pleasant associations.
Grand Secretary Lunstedt responded to
"The Native Sons." and his eloquent trib
ute to the members of the order was fol
lowed by the sing-ing of "When Dewey
Comes Home" by L. J. Johnson, all pres
ent joining in the chorus. Deputy Grand
President Pernau favored with a few re
marks. Dr. Bryant responded to "The
Ladies." who. by the way, were not pres
ent. Then Robert Lloyd and "William
Ogilvie entertained with a vocal duet and
the last on the regular list was an expres
sion from F. J. Dougherty, the new mem
ber, as to what he thought of the order
and Stanford Parlor in particular.
Then followed remarks by a number of
the members and the singing of "Just One
Girl" and the favorite refrain of the
Stanford Parlor boys.
SEL BORNE SCHOOL
For Boys,
SAN RAFAEL.
This school will reopen on August 29. with
handsome new buildings heated by steam and
lighted by electricity. Every pupil has sepa-
rate room, choice of bedrooms on first and sec-
ond floors. Steam from outside, no furnace, no
etoves, no flues in boys* quarters. The nearest
approach to a lire-proof school. For catalogues,
testimonials and references apply to the prin-
cipal? REV. CHARLES HITCHCOCK, San
Rafael.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
MENLO PARK. SAN MATEO COUNTY. CAL..
is rebuilding with all modern improvements.
Will be thoroughly equipped and begin it*
ninth year August loth. Beautiful surround-
ings home influences. Offers superior advan-
tage* for the care and thorough training of
boys. Accredited ; i TT ltle . >rtncipai
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO, CAL.— FOUNDED A. D. 1566.
by the late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer. D.D.
For catalogue and illustrated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. 8..
Rector and Head Master.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA
Will resume studies on WEDNESDAY, August
2. 1599.
SACRED HEART ACADEMY
MENLO PARK.
CONDUCTED BY THE LADIES OF THE
Sacred Heart. Term opens August 2d. For
particulars apply to the MOTHER SUPERIOR.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day school for young
ladies. 2126 California St.. San Francisco. Will
reopen August 7. Accredited to universities.
| Seminary and full conservatory music Pri-
mary department for children. Carriage will
call. REV. EDWARD B CHURCH, A. M.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.— Grants
diplomas and confers degrees. Rare oppor-
tunities offered In music, art and elocution.
One hour from San Francisco. Write for
catalogue to Mrs. C. T. Mills, President,
Mills College P. 0.. Alameda Co.. Cal.
Thirty-third year. Fall term opens August
2. 1839.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin, journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary fur catalogue, Odd Fellows' bids, S. F.
> 2J SAVE YOUR MONEYT;
; J|L From $10 to $17.50
'' Jgg&Mk You can get the best All-Woo! i
\ JWgii^K Suit Made to Order at
111 JOE POHEIM;
l^y^' If you want a first-class, /
'r llia|j well-fitting suit of clothes
ME* from $20 to $40 go to '
If JOE POHEIM !
5 Fine Clothes at 25 per J
cent less than elsewhere. ,
201-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush. i
110-1112 Market St.. 8. F. '
000000000000000000
ow' PALACE A! " p %
%CRAND HOTEI^I
q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
" Connected by a covered passageway. ~*
® 1400 Room?— 900 wi h Bath Attached. ©
O All Under One Management.' O
O NOTE TEE PRICES: O
O European Plan. per day and upward Q
-k American Plan. s3.OO per day and upward A
" Correspondence Solicited. *»
0 JOHN 0. KIBKPATRICK. Manager. O
000000000000000000
_ ____—— — — — — ——^—^^
MPPUIT A KWMm VITALITY
IMCnvi I M lost VIGOR.
"■■ AND MANHOOD
Cures potency Night Emissions and wasting
diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood'builder.
Brings the pink glow to pale "hecks and re*
stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
boxi 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Nmiita medical co. , CHntoit « Jackson stt., Gbicaaj.
E. I*. Baldwin St Co.. Druggists. 8 Market. 8. W.
'D'QTTQTT'r'Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JDXI U OXIXjO -re. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hingers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners", tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 35
\A/. X. HESS.
ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California St., below Powell.
Pan Francisco.
flfl FT nnill I Corner Fourth and
1 ft L I UII V A I Marke t, S. F. Try
CAFE XIII II I our Special Brew
VII 1 1 L. lIU I H L Steam La « er -
VI I 1 1 L. IIUI I 1 L. sc. Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIA.VA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
CONCERTS AND .RESORTS.
CHUTES _AND ZOO.
. GREAT BILL IN THE THEATER.
Performance Daily and Nightly.
GIANT KANGAROO IN THE ZOO.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
.Telephone for Seats, Steiner ISSI.
Rattle "Hm«MMM
■-'** *« *»» w Those who were there
a say the Panorama is a
4~kTT correct representation.
VFI Lectures by Prof W.
_ G. ROLLINS after-
/l/l eh •-% S 1 <~fc noons and evenings.
XTlclllilcl Market st., nr. Eighth.
Admission, 50c.
Bay! chiidren -* sc -
-BUTRO BATHS,
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN. 5e
Bathing, Including admission, 23c; Chil-
dren. 20c. - ,
AMTJSEMENTS. • -
COLUMBIANS-
••AdmirabIy done."— Examiner. I;
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS \3
"^NRy/lILLER:
A SPll/AICOMPA/VY
First Time in This Country Outside of N. T.
SMLt I LORD AND
?^^r I LADY ALGY
SmlniißM^Mj A BRILLIANT COMEDY
By R. C. Carton, Author of "Liberty Hall."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. Friedlander, Manager.
REMEMBER TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Limited Engagement of
MISS BLANCHE BATES
And COMPANY OF PLAYERS.
Presented by Mr. T. Daniel Frawley.
Commencing THURSDAY NIGHT, July 13.
The Late Augustin Daly's Most Successful
Comedy,
THE LAST \A/ORD.
THE COMPANY— Hope Ross, Mary Van Bu-
ren. Edith Miller. Manola Mound, Katheleen
Chambers, Belle Vaney, Mrs. F. M. Bates.
Rose Whitney, Augustus Cook. Harrington
Reynold*. Charles W. King. Alfred Hickman.
Harry Turnbull. Frank Wllmot. J. H. Amory,
J. B. Hollla. George Gaston, Frank Mathieu,
Thomas Phillips, J. C. Rlley and T. Daniel
F MONDAY. JULY IT. MISS BLANCHE
BATES and COMPANY OF PLAYERS, in
"THE DANCING GIRL." y-'^i
MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY, JULY IX
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
MISS MINNIE PALMER
(The Original My Sweetheart.)
In the Dainty One-Act Play, "ROSE
POMPOM."
Assisted by FRANCIS JERRARD, Late of Th«
Haymarket Theater, London.
GEORGE WILSON, Premier Monologlst.
THE RIXFORDS, Acrobatic Wonders.
MILLIAN AND SHIELDS, Comedians.
HAVES AND LYTTON, MORIS. THE FAR.
RELLS. GARDNER BROS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MOROSCO AMUSEMENT CO. (Inc.), Lessee.
ALL THIS WEEK.
Magnificent Revival in English of Bizet's
Charming Opera,
"CARMEN !"
ORCHESTRA FLOOR. Reserved, 35c and 50c
DRESS CIRCLE. Reserved, 25c.
FAMILY CIRCLE, Reserved, 15c.
GALLERY. 10c.
MATINEE SATURDAY
At the Matinees the Best Reserved Seat can be
purchased for 25c. Family Circle 15c
Gallery 10c.
Telephone Main 532.
NEXT WEEK "OLIVETTE "
ALCAZAR
5 MORE PERFORMANCES of Alexander
Dumas' Play of Intense Emotion,
CAMILLE !
FLORENCE ROBERTS
AS CAMILLE.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
1 PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c 53c.
NEXT— NEW MAGDALENE.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
MR. DENIS O'SULLIVAN,
In the Romantic Comic Opera,
" SHAMUS O'BRIEN."
TO-MORROW EVENING
And the Rest of the Week,
The Spectacular Extravaganza.
BLUE BEARD!
\ . (In Summer Attire)
THE LATEST CRAZES.
SEE "THE WHIRLWIND DANCERS"
Direct from Paris.
Matinee Every Saturday at 2 p. m.
POPULAR PRICE**. ..2Sc and 500
Our Telephone— Bush 9.
OLYMPIA.
Eddy St., Cor. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall
Great Vaudeville Acts and Novelties *
POSITIVE APPEARANCE OF <
THE FLYING BANVARDS.
Sensational Acrobats
LAST WEEK OF
I HERBERT & WESTON,
Musical Comedians
Twenty-sixth Week of the Star
QUERITA VINCENT,
The Greatest Exponent of Coon Songs
AND TEN ALL STAR ACTS
ADMISSION FREE; MATINEE SUNDAY
ON SALE FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
6 Admission $1.00 Coupon
Tickets, Transferable,
FOR THE %
International Cakewalk Carnival
and Fair.
MECHANICS' PAVILION, JULY 15 to 22.
At the Following Leading Stores and Places of
Business:
The Emporium; Hale Bros. & Co.; M. A.
Gunst & Co.. Market st.; Cineograph Parlors;
Dan P. Carter; The Zeno Mauvais Music Co.;
and other stores.
These $1 tickets will be withdrawn from sal*
July 15 REGULAR ADMISSION. 25c.
Liberal proportion of carnival receipts given
to the "California Soldier Boys' Fund."
FALL OF THE BASTILE!
French National
Celebration ....
FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1899
• ALL DAY !
ALL NIGHT!
AT THE CHUTES!
LITERARY EXERCISES, CONCERT. GAMES,
PYROTECHNICAL SHAM NAVAL
BATTLE ON LAKE.
FIREWORKS. GRAND BALL.
ADMISSION 25 cents. CHILDREN 10 cents.
GROUNDS OPEN AT 10 A. M.
ALL NIGHT ELECTRIC CARS.
____ . ■ *
*v^fl^B^^^>j>j.ffl BI £ ** is a non-poi.ionotm
*t^£^^^ B^^*^^_V9 remedy for Gonorrhoea,
VBDr CCBEti^n Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
iOW in 1 to 5 d»T»- >(5j Whiten, unnatural di*.
mfam Qurmotted m charges, or any inflamm&«
B**»m oat to Mrletare. tion, irritation or uieera-
I*-— gPriTtau capugion. tion of mucous mem*
WSaVHEEvANSCHSHintIOo. Cranes. Non-astringent.
VaejftCINCINNATI.O.BEJI Sold by Druggist*.
TKK2&. it " a i 2fe£3ror eect in plain wrapper,
j««gku. j. ■V^Egl by express, prepaid, fat
TaBKgW&l f!'°°- or S bottle*, 13.74.
v m Cucautr net «« fH'rtl,
78
DIXON GETS THE DECISION OVER WHITE,
FIREARM WINS THE FLIGHT STAKES.
FIREARM THE
WINNER OF THE
FLIGHT STAKES
Bendoran Second at
the Finish.
IMP. A DiSTANT FOURTH
ASKED TO CARRY TOO MUCH
WEIGHT.
Jockey Lewis Loses a Race at Fort
Erie by Trying to Draw
It Too Fine With
Hold On.
Special P!s=p.it<-h to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 11.— There was
plenty of port to-day at Brighton Beach, j
the chief event on the card being the
Flight handicap, in which Imp. winner
Df the Suburban and Brighton handicaps,
triod to take up 126 pounds and give a
beating at six furlongs to a lot of good
ones. As good as 6 to 1 was laid j
against her. Bendoran was a slight fa
vorite over Firearm. They got away In
good order, with Bendoran first to show.
He opened a gap of a couple of iengths
in the back stretch and the upper turn,
but in the stretch Firearm came after
him. wore him down and won by a couple
of lengths win. something to spare. Imp
W a s a badly beaten fourth. Results:
One mile — May Hempstead won. Maximo Go
mez second. St. Clalr third. Time. 1:40 1-5.
Selling, five and a halt furlongs— Shoreham [
■won. Innovator second, Lavega third. Tim»,
] - 1-6.
Six furlongs— Lady Madge won. Ineenamara
second Antlrcnlcus third. Time. 1:15 1-5.
Flight handicap, six furlongs— Firearm won,
Bendoran second,' Swlftmas third. Time,
Five and a half furlongs— Sarmatian won.
Prestidigitator second, Montanlc third. Time,
i:rt9 4-5.
Selling, one and a sixteenth miles— Klrkwood
won Maurice second. Handcuff third. Time,
1:48.
BUFFALO. July 11.— At Fort Erie to-day It
looked as If Hold On would have beaten Beau
Ideal had Harry Lewis not drawn the finish
too fine. Lord Kitchener, John Brennan's colt,
died at the track to-day. Weather clear;
track good. Results:
Six furlongs— Prince Plausible won. Flying
Be>= s second, Quaver third. Time, 1:18.
Five furlongs— lda Fordham won. Aurea. sec
ond. Larkspur third. Time. 1:02*4.
Mile and a sixteenth— Beau Ideal won. Hold
On second. Topmast third. Time, I:49 Vi.
Six furlongs— Frohman won. Monatus second,
Topgallant third. Time. 1:15%.
Seven furlongs- /..-raster won, Jim Lick sec
ond. Novice third. Time, 1:31%.
Handicap, steeplechase, short — Phlla
E won. McAllister second. Dr. O'Brien third.
Time not taken.
ST. LOUIS, July 11.— The weather was warm
and the track fast. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Lexell won, Sehnell
LaufTf-r second. Hachmeister third. Time, 1:16.
Six furlongs, selling— Mattle Gibbons won.
Lake Gonze second, Ruby Riley third. Time,
1:16.
Six -furlong*, Felling— Necklace won. Lull W
second. W. B. Gates third. Time. 1:15 H.
Handicap, mile and a sixteenth— Streamer
won, Gaaton second, Ed Farrell third. Time,
1:1-%.
Selling one mile— Elsmore won, Flora G sec
ond. Can I See Em third. Time, 1:43H-
Mile and seventy yards— Gotobed won. Dr.
Graves second, Sir Gatlan third. Time. 1:47%.
CHICAGO, July 11.— Weather at Hawthorn*
showery; track good. Results:
Five furlongs— Unsightly won, Z&za second,
1 Mission third. Time, 1:02%.
Six furlongs— Lord Z'>ni won, Tappan second,
Facade third. Time. l:l4>i.
One mile Tenhy won. Bennevllle second, Eu
genia Wicke. third. Time, 1:3!>-V
One and an eighth miles, selling — won,
Panchnnn second. Elkln third. Time. 1:65.
Six furlongs— Espionage won. Sim W second,
Semper Eadem third. Time, 1:14^4.
One and a sixteenth miles — Carnero won.
Eberhart second, Barton third. Time, l:4S*i.
John R. Gentry's Fast Mile.
DETROIT. July 11.— John R. Gentry's
In 2:02% was the feature of to-day'B
re at Highland Park. He went
i the track record of 2:02, and while
I ■ died to beat It paced a magnificent
: His time by quarters was ZW 4i
1:01*4, 1:33%, 2:02%. It was the fastest mile
of the yc-ar.
Driver Schuyler was fined $25 for pull-
Laverna in the lirst heat of the 2:15
I Results:
2:1.". trot Lady Wellington won In straight
j ■ Time. 2:l6*i. 2 15%, 2:18%. Elk H. Green
First Land, Onward, Silver and Clint
i
2 13 i .-,■••- 1 ;nw!i Ijtcl; won !n straight heat*.
Laverna, Bayleaf,
Harry, Gypsy, Bed, r: iijar H, Star
: i SToung alsn started.
Dan Wllkes won the second, third
: ■..---■*
I ■ • \v,,n thp flr. j t heat in 2:18. H.-n
--i M:i>- M mday, Quetzel, iJjld Lace and
started.
Peoria Harness Races.
PEORIA, 111.. July 11.— The Peoria Trotting
and Agricultural Association meet opened here
to-day. Rain rendered the track a few sec
onds slow and delayed the starting in the
afternoon racing an hour. Consequently only
two races were finished, the 2:09 class with
three heats paced going over until to-morrow.
Results:
2:? M class trotting-. purse $1000— Dr. Bock won
Fecund, third and fourth heats. Best time,
21CH- Kerolite won first heat in 2:lj'. 4 . Black
Robert. Cornelia, Bell, Staleario, Lady
JCthelwyn. Esonlmr. Yellow Jacket, Hell Metal.
You May. J. E. C, Brandon and
Spice finished a* named.
2:09 pace. $i" ' (unfinished) — Kittle R won
first and second heats in 1:09% and 2:OS>4. Ar
getta won third heat In 2:10. Robert Wllkes.
Colonel Bert, Warren D. Princess Eulalle and
Ethel A also started.
Baginaw Trots and Paces.
SAQIJfAV Mich.. July 11. — Fair weather and
a good track marked the opening Jay of the
Union lark harness meeting. The attendance
■was 4000. Results:
2:13 trot— Surpol won In straight heats. Time.
1:16% 2:lC!i. 2: l4V*. Phoebe Childers. Cutting,
Gunsaulus, Lenark and Robert J also started.
■>-2i pace — Won in straight heats by Sphinx
6 Time 2:1. >, 2:14%. 2 16%. Annie Thornton,
Beauty Spot, Mabel Star, Harry O, Pllotelle
and Wandering Jew alae started.
2:17 pace— Hontas Crook won first, second and
fifth heats. Time. 2:13. 2 ■"".■'.. 2:14*. T hr
Maid wo!) third and fourth heats In 2:10 and
2:17 : *. Hapless, Little Pete and Harry C also
started.
SLOAN ON THREE WINNERS.
Joe Ullman Runs Third in a Race at
Newmarket.
LONDON, July 11.— Tod Sloan won a
maiden plate al Newmarket to-day on
us. Donizetti waa second and Rav
thlrd in a field of sixteen. The bet
was 5 to 4 against Penllcus.
ial plate of 800 sovereigns was won
by W Blake's aged eh. h. Hedlight. Lord
William Beresford's Manatee, with Sloan
up waa Becond and Joe rilman, ridden by
r, Beifl finished third. Eleven horses
r-iii tbe'Banbury mile (a. straight mile.).
The betting was 2 to 1 against Manatee.
The Beaufort stakes was won by Sir J.
Blundell's Forcett. Korosko, ridden by
Sloan was third. This race Is a welter
handicap of 10 sovereigns each for start
ers with 300 sovereigns added, for three
vVar-olds and upward. Ten horses ran
on the Beaufort course. The betting was
9 to 2 against Korosko.
Bli an won the Soltykoff stakes on Si
loal I-. n -dy Scliomberg was second and
nder third. Twelve horses ran. The
betting was "> to 2 against Siloah.
\n all-aged selling plate was won by
Grievance, with Sloan up. Sulks was sec
ond and Tovaros third. Eleven horses
ran. The betting was 7to A against Grlev
aI Frnest Gibb's Orris Root won the Visit
ore' welter handicap of 150 sovereigns. W.
Cooper's Edme, ridden by Sloan, was un
placed The race was for three-year
olds. Thirteen horses ran the last six fur
longs of the Bonbury mile. The betting
wae 5 to 6 against Edme.
GEORGE DIXON
HAS NOT LOST
HIS CLEVERNESS
Gets a Decision Over
White.
FIGHT GOES THE LIMIT
CHICAGO LAD BARELY AVERTS
A KNOCKOUT.
From the Sixth Round to the Finish
He Is Kept Constantly On
the Defensive by the
Champion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, July 11.— George Dlxon.
featherweight champion of the world.
was given the decision over Tommy
White at the end of a twenty-round
bout before the Olympic Club to-night.
Dlxon led the fighting from the sixth
round to the finish, Tommy's purpose be-
Ing to avoid a knockout and stay the
limit. George's left hand work was the
comment of all. He would bring it from
the ribs to the head and back again so
quickly as to almost escape the eye.
" Tom O'Rourke sat in Dixon's corner
CHAMPION GEORGE DIXON.
and frequently cautioned him when his
cveranxiety would make him careless.
Kid McCoy officiated In the same capacity
for White. Bat IKasterson was referee.
The attendance numbered 2600. j
Dlx.jn weighed in this afternoon at 1> (
pounds and White at 120 pounds. Ihe
betting was 10 to 8 on LMxun and quite j
a bunch of money changed hands at .
these odds. 
In the first round Dixon forced mat
ters. Tommy blocked cleverly and land- ;
ed several lefts on the head and cnest.
There was no damage. ,- <»„-„.„ '
The second round was very fast, George
using his left to good advantage. Tommy
did his share of the work, bringing his
left to George's head and his right to the ,
left eve. As the round closed bipod
trickled from a cut over George s left |
C "Yn the third round White was the ag
greasor at first, but ran into a stiff left
punch from George, quickly followed by
rights and lefts that put him on the de
fensive. George became careless and was
cautioned byO'Rnurke, He settled down
and was showering vicious lefts on lorn
mv's body as the round closed.
In the next round <;^rge display. -d
overanxietv and judged distance badl>.
Tommy was cool and careful. Just at
the end George brought his right across
with force to Tommys kidneys and his
left to the neck, staggering \\ hite. Hon- ;
oth were about even.
In the fifth Tommy displayed clever
ducking and side stepping, arid thereby
avoided the fierce rushes of Dlxon. The
latter was trying for a knockout. ,
In the following round Dlxon settled
down to business. His bard lefts on
Tommy's face and body visibly weakened
the latter, who recovered only momen
tarily until the end of the fight, from
this on to the eighteenth round It was
pretty much the same. George was
strong and on the aggressive all the time.
Tommy seemed dazed and led but little.
He hung to George a good deal of the
time But Dlxon could not place enough
fore* in his blows, although he rained
them on Tommy's body and head to put
In the last minute of the twentieth
round George brought a hard eft to
Tommy's neck, which caused him to
waver It looked like the finish, but
Tommy straightened out and put Dixon
off until the gong sounded, when Referee
Maaterson announced that Dlxon was me I
to the Dixon-Whlte meet
ing Jimmy Coogan of Denver and Spike
Wallace of Vitt.«burer fought a fast olght
round draw. The men were well matched
aid gave a good exhibition.
DOVE STEW FOR MARKSMEN.
Yuba and Sutter Gun Club Preparing
for Its Outing.
MARYSVTT.L.E. July 11.— The directors
of the Yuba :md Sutter Gun Club are
perfecting organization for the fifth an
nual dove stew, which Is to be held at
Sheltons Grove on July 30. At the last
meeting an executive committee was se
lected to take charge of the details, and
It in turn has appointed the following sub
committees:
Finance- — W. H. Parks J. L. Howard,
F. H. Greely E. A. Forbes, G. W.
Hamerly, William McCune^ \V. Dins
more. J. E. Bevan and J. W . Steward.
Reception— E. a. Forbes, XV. J. Ellis
Jr. F. H. Greely, R. E. Bevan, J. H.
Marcuse and A. 11. Redlngton.
On shooting tournament— J. W. Stew- ;
ard, J. H. Durst, J. L.. Howard and E.
XV. Hanlon.
On stew— G. XV. Hamerly, William
McCune, J. C. Lumbard. W. F. Kelly
and F. W. Buttelman.
Becauee of his energy and interest in
field sports, J. W. Steward has been ac- •
Lected to act as manager. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 12. 1599.
IN THE WORLD OF SPORT
THE SHAMROCK
IS PLACED IN
THE DRYDOCK
Preparing for Her
Trial Races.
NEEDED ALTERATIONS MADE
EACH MEMBER OF THE CREW
KEPT BUSY.
Sir Thomas Lipton Denies the Report
That the Challenger Has
Been Found
Leaking.
Special TMspateh to The Call.
SOUTHAMPTON, July II. — Th« Britan
nia having left tho drydock. the Sham
rock has taken her place. All that can
I,? <spon of the cup challenger is her tow
ering topmast, which stands higher than
tho factory chimneys adjoining:. Sh.i is
jealously screened from all observation by
canvas coverings brought over irom Kat
sey's at Cowes.
The sailing spin with the Britannia will
take place one week from to-dny. Th-2
Prince of Wales' yacht has taken the up-
per moorings at Cowes, The people are \
becoming excited about the Shamrock.
All sorts of reports were about to-day,
nearly all of which were false. The crow
had been heard talking, and it was stated
that the yacht was going out again yes
terday, but nothing of the sort occurred.
She had two anchors down all day just
below Meteor, and within easy hailing
distance of her auxiliary, which is used
for the hands to sleep on and as a gen
eral storeroom.
Fays launch was running from the
shore to the Shamrock and back again
most of yesterday, bringing all kinds of
linings which have been found necessary
and the crew was kept hard at work stif
fening up the stays, shrouds and so forth,
and in a general way acquiring the high
ly necessary qualification of becoming at
home and making an Intimate acquain
tance with the ship.
I met a man yesterday who has seen
the construction of her steel mast. He
said it was made In plates fourteen feet
long, each plate- being in half circles and
then welded like the plates of a boiler.
They were polished and then painted. He
says such a mast Is unbreakable, and the
same applies to the gaff and boom. The
mainsail. It Is said, weighs a ton.
Sir Thomas Upton, aboard the Erin,
has taken his guests, Ix>rd and Lady
Clanwilliaxn, Lord and Lady Lovelace and
others away on a cruise. The Britannia
' was away yesterday afternoon, having
1 been recoppered and the gaff and boom
of hollow steel shipped.
The press continues to maintain the
fallacy that the trials between Britan
nia and Shamrock will be very signifl
cant. They will be to those who have an
Inside understanding in the matter, but
not to the public generally. Fife wishes —
and is clever enough — to baffle any pub
lic curiosity.
LONDON, July 11.— Sir Thomas Lipton
this evening informed the correspondent
of the Associated Press that there wa3
absolutely no foundation for the report
that the Shamrock was leaking. He says
she has been docked merely to have her
hull repolishpd, preparatory to the trial
with the Britannia.
TEBEAU'S TRIBE LOSES
TO LEAGUE LEADERS
Chicago Takes a Game From the
Champions by Timely Work
With the Stick.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubg— W. L. Pet. ! Clubs— "W. 1.. Pet.
Brooklyn 4D 23 .cst Pittshurg ...33 2% ,600
. 44 L'T .020 rinetnnatt ..35 35 .500
"lileagro 42 26 .61S Now York ..31 39 .443
Philadelphia 42 27 .Mtf Louisville ..27 45 .375
St. I-iu18....41 30 .577 tVashington 24 49 .329
Baltimore ..39 29 .574 Cleveland ..12 s<i .176
NEW YORK. July 11.— The St. Louis play
ere made th<-'.r first appearance here to-day and
were benten after a scrappy game. It was a
free hitting affair, both pitchers being- touched
up in a lively fashion, and the fielding was
loose. Bruoklyn got enough runs In the first
five innings to stand off a fine rally by the
visitors toward thr- flnlnh. Thpre was con
siderable "kioklni?." especially by Tebeau. At
tendance, 2600. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 10 12 4
Brooklyn 11 14 4
Batteries!— Young and O'Connor: Maul and
Smith. Umpires— Emglie and McDonald.
BOSTON. July 11.— The visitors deserved their
rlctoxT to-day, as they earned It by hitting:
the ball and through Willis' wildness In the
first Again In the ninth they got another
boost, and then Nichols went In to keep mat
ters just where they were. Ttie errors badj
GENTLEMEN WILL
RACE ON PONIES
OVER HURDLES
THjE J. J MOORE TROPHY.
The members of the San Mateo Hunt
I Club will meet on Saturday at the private
track of Walter S. Hobart, San Mateo,
j where a number of pony races wll! be
j held. Five of these will be on the flat,
! while two of them will be over hurdles.
! Chief interest centers about the contest
fur a massive silver bowl presented by J.
J. Moore of Menlo Park. This is for
horses which have hunted twice with the
San Mateo hounds. The trophy is the
i handiwork of Shreve & Co.. silversmiths.
! and is a beautiful piece of work. It is
I richly engTaved with hunting scenes on
I four sides. The distance of the race is
two and a half miles, over ten hurdles.
The weights have been fixed at 2«0 pounds,
to Include all the heavyweights In tiia
club.
little to do with run getting. Attendance. 3000.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 10 13 6
Boston 6 12 4
Batteries — Griffith and Donohue; Willis,
Nichols and Clark. Umpires— Lynch and Con
nolly.
PHILADELPHIA, July 11.— Perfect fielding
characterized to-day's frame. Thomas and Har
ley making exceptionally brilliant catches. .
Cleveland was unable to hit at the proper time,
which accounts for the Phillies' victory. At
tendance. 3596. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Cleveland 17 0
Philadelphia 5 11 0
Batteries— Bates and Sudden: Donahue and
Douglass. Umpires — Snyder and Latham.
BALTIMORE, July Manager McGraw
saved his game with the Colonels to-day by
substituting Howel! for McGlnety In the box
In the fifth inning. The visitors were four
runs to the good, but the Orioles played a
good uphill game with Howell's assistance, and
won out handily. Attendance, 1370. Score:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
Baltimore 10 13 1
Louisville 6 14 1
Batteries — McGlnety, Howell and Robinson:
Dowling and Smmer. Umpires— O'Day and
McGarr.
NEW YORK. July 11.— The Giants defeated
Plttsburg by hard hitting this afternoon. The
visitors used up three pitchers. Meekln al
lowed the visitors to get a good lead. He was
relieved by Coakley in the fourth inning and
the latter did not allow a single hit. the Pitts
burgs' two runs in the fifth inning being due
to a base on balls and an error by Tiernan. At
tendance, 500. Score:
Clubs- K. H- E
Pittsburgr » I ;»
New York » v -
Batteries— Tannehlll, Leever, Sparks and
Schrlver; Meekln, Coakley and Grady. Um
pires— Manasfau and Hunt.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— Washington had
to-day' game well In hand, but costly errors
gave it to Cincinnati. Selbach's home run
with two men on bases helped to pile up the
score for the visitors. Attendance, 2457. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E
Washington 6 9 6
Cincinnati 10 13 *
Batteries— Weyhing, McFnrland and Mc-
Guire; Hahn and Wood. Umpires— Swartwood
and Smith.
Kaces for Marysville.
MARYSVILLE. July 11.— An effort is
being made to add Marysville to the fall
circuit of the Pacific Coast Trotters' and
Horse Breeders' Association. D. E.
Knight president of the association ana
owner of the local track, has lent every
encouragement to induce the citizens and
business men to give aid to the proposed
meeting. If they meet Knight half way
there will be a race meeting in Marysville
this season.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
lot Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
THE GREATEST VICTORY i
-^ ' IS THE CONQUEST OF DISEASE. The human body, in j
&if^\ full health aud strength, is the noblest work of Nature. Yet I
!$• 3} one-half the world is broken down by pain or disease, to cure J
which has been the effort of centuries. New Discoveries are I
>#iK'^**~*\ \A\ \\ sweeping away old-time remedies, and to-day the one triumph- [
/^ i^O^y^N^^ — rA^-*^ an^ cure is Electricity applied through s
|n| OR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTING BELT. I
■^il^^^^^^^slMf^yi^r^X How welcome that remedy which soothes away pain, |
~^\- i^m^^^^^^^^M^r^^/K conquers weakness and endows a man with double his strength! |
*^h lvft^*y^^ll xC^O/^^^ 11 Where there's nerve weakness, vital loss, rheumatism or kidney i
1-^^^M--<\v trouble, this renowned Belt gives stamina and health, without I
iv*} k\ pill, plaster or potion. This is the one right method to recover !
I-^^V^^' J/L id u\ v ig or > ambition and courage. The electric current sends a I
L'l if J/ m \*\ thrill of life through the system. It restores debilitated youth J
md \zM \V \^\ and gives energy to age. In the case of VARICOCELE, where I
{Z^\ Hi! JPf| v*\ ie circulation is 30 checked that the veins and spermatic cords {
% i^^iS/Jlfiiy \^\ become painfully swollen and affect the vitality of the organs, I
10^ wlWi^il t^ 19 electric current aids natural circulation, clears away con- |
r^zzi^=^'- gestion and brings the parts into healthy condition. In LUM- '
_^, —^^^Ap^'^^K BAGO this Battery Belt acts on the relaxed muscles and nerves, [
'fwt&'Z '-/<■/. ''"''^jtZs?^- ~^~ —^— — strengthens the Kidneys and pain is gone. Medicines do not J
~*~' ~" * fi^^^^^^^^m^V^^^^-^. cure because they add no vitality; something more is needed, i
'^^^^^^Mk^^Xß^MJmSW'^^ -rflJl and that is the stron S nerve force generated by Dr. McLaugh- j
: '^^^^^^^^^^SS^^l^^^^^^^^^" 1 in's Belt. When you see a man whose back was bent in pain, I
able to stand straight up and go on his way in joy after a few days' use of thi3 Belt, you must be sure the remedy is re- ]
liable. Here are two cases in point: j
Cottonwood (Cal.). .Tune 11. 1899. / DR. McLAUGHI^IN'— Sir: 170 Orchard street. San Jose (Cal.), 1899. |
PR M A M'LAI'GHLIN— Dear Sir: Since la«t I wrote I have improved a great deal I suffered from pains in the back and kidneys and was In a very weak state. I usedl
and am feelink fine By the use of your Belt all my pains and backache have left me. It I your Belt for two months and It entirely cured me of those ailments. I have been !
has caused me to feel happy even during my hard work in the hay fields. I cannot speak strong and free from pain ever since— that is three months ago. My back and kidneys are'
too hlehly of your Belt and the good It has done me; I would not part with It for any, sound and strong, and I have been recommending your Belt for other cases similar to* mine I
amount If I could not get another. Tours truly. L. LIKTZAU. I Yours very truly. A. M. FARRELL. |
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT. I
Weak men put on Dr. McLau^hlln's Belt, and you will then have power and reliance to face your work as a man should do. This Belt I
has a great reputation. It is used East, "West, North and South— all over the Union. CALL AND EXAMINE IT IF POSSIBLE, OR SEND FOR I
BOOK ABOUT IT, MAILED FREE. Then you will see what this Belt has done for those who have worn it. Call or address j
FID M A TVTnT A TTfTHT TW 702 Mapket St,, cor. Kearny, San Francisco, and j
JJIi. IVI. A. JLYILJL i\ U UllLlll , cor. Spring and Second, Los Angeles. !
Office hours— « a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. |
SIX SAGEBRUSH
WHEELMEN MAKE
A RAPID JOURNEY
I Record Lowered Over
the Sierras.
CARSON TO SACRAMENTO
, ARE MEMBERS OF THE CARSON
ATHLETIC CLUB.
;R. J. Kelly, George Tranter, Tom
O'Hallorhan, Henry Burlington,
Al Karge and Jacob Mul
ler Tell Experiences.
Six wheelmen of the Carson City Ath
letic Club arrived in this city yesterday
morning yellow with mountain dust, after
having lowered all previous records of
bicycle trips from Carson, over the Sierras
!to Sacramento. The party consisted of
Reuben J. Kelly, George Tranter, Thomas
O'Hallorhan, Henry Burlington, Al Karge
i and Jacob Muller. All are expert wheel
< men and Kelly holds many championship
medals for racing events which have
taken place in the Sagebrush State.
Leaving Carson City. Nev., on Sunday
night about 10 o'clock the boys dismount
; ed in the capital city of California Mon
; day night shortly after 9 o'clock. The
exact time en route was twenty-three
hours and forty-two minutes. They cov
ered a distance of over 200 miles, follow
ing the railroad from Reno over the
mountains. The same journey has been
made before by way of Placerville, which
is a much easier route, by H. B. van Etten
of Carson City in exactly twenty-four
hours. The cyclers, who are in San b ran
cisco, will go on record as having eighteen
minutes advantage over all previous ef
forts between the two points.
In speaking of the trip the iNevadans
say that the poorest road encountered was :
a stretch of thirty-five miles in length be
tween Carson City and Reno. The road
bed forihe remainder of the way was lair
and easy on wheels. The steep climb to
Summit 'up the eastern slope of the moun
tain range consumed most of the time,
the drop clown the western slope over the
foothills being made at a rapid pace with
but few stops. The boys rode almost In
cessantly for the twenty-three hours, ;
without sleep, and hesitating only long i
enough to secure food. The citizens or
their native city turned out to witness
their departure and at Sacramento they
were accorded a royal reception by the
wheelmen of that town.
Each of the tourists wore the natty uni
form of the Carson City Athletic Club,
and when they passed up Market street
early yesterday morning, mounted on
their wheels, their paraphernalia was the
object of much admiration. It consists of |
pale-green Jerseys, on which is the em
blem of the club, with leggins to match, |
a white soft felt hat, bound with a green ■
ribbon. : " ■ - .. ,
Before returning to Nevada the boys
will make a tour of the southern part of .
the State on their wheels. They are all
enthusiastic over good roads and are in
terested in a movement which will result
in the improvement of Nevada highways
for cycling purposes. They made a leis- ,
urely trip from Sacramento to Stockton
and thence to this city. The express sat
isfaction at the condition of the roads in
California,
JEFFRIES WILL NOT BOX.
Refuses to Meet Jeffords and Stop
Him Inside Five Rounds.
The attempt to bring Champion J. .T.
Jeffries and Jim Jeffords together in a lim
ited-round boxing bout has resulted in :
failure. J. D. Gibbs, matchmaker of the
National Athletic Club, went to Stockton j
for Jeffords and returned to this city with
him yesterday.
Upon arrival here he found the Jefrms
people unwilling to make the match. It
was intended to hold it here next Tues- ,
day Jeffries to knock out his opponent in !
five' rounds. If the latter -stayed to th«
end he was to receive $500. Jeffords is one >
of the big fellows. Stelzner, who has ;
boxed with all of them, pronounces him
the strongest of all the heavyweight box
er**
The next monthly exhibition of the San !
Francisco Athletic Club will be held on
"Wednesday, the 19th inst. These affairs
are growing in popularity, the gymnasium
of the club proving incapable of holding ,
those who wish to witness the bouts. The j
principal event will be between Ed Toy
and George Baker, ten rounds. The
eight-round bouts are between Charles |
Vickers and Jack Innis; Henry Lewis and :
Charles Thurston, and Deacon Jones and
Snowball Crawford. As usual, Aleck
Greggains will referee.
CYCLING DOWN THE SIERRAS.
COURSING OPENING AT INGLESIDE.
LEASHMEN ARE
WAITING FOR THE
MAYOR'S ACTION
Ingleside Gates Ready
to Open.
FRIDAY WILL TELL THE TALE
A WINNERS' STAKE AT UNION
PARK THIS WEEK.
Is the Choice Bit in a Double Pro
gramme — Many Champion
Dogs Will Be Sent to
the Slips.
The members of Ingleside Coursing Club
met last night to discuss the situation re
garding their park. One week ago last
Monday the Supervisors passed an ordi
nance permitting the park to reopen under
the old conditions. Thfs ordinance be
comes a law on Friday night if his Honor
the Mayor signs it or refrains from veto
ing it. Up to the present time he has not
signified his Intention in the matter.
The management of the park has not
been disorganized during the past three
months of inactivity and is reaiiy to re
sume the sport at almost a moment s
notice. If Mayor Phelan does not veto
the ordinance before the close of business
hours on Friday a draw will be held at
Pythian Castle that evening. The stake
will be an open one, unlimited as to en
tries. Already a sufficient number of en
tries have been offered to insure the suc
cess of the meeting.
When the park reopens neither women
nor children will be allowed in ot near
the betting ling. A commodious stand
has been prepared for them and they will
not have access to the enclosure where
the pool boxes are located.
The draw for the two stakes to be run
on Saturday and Sunday at Union Park
will be held to-night in Pythian Castle.
The Winners' Stake will be the tid-bit of
the programme, bringing out the best
dogs in the champion class. The Reserve
Stake Will attract a large entry, the two
making a big oard. On the 23d inst. the
regular monthly Sapling Stake will be
the attraction. With the number of fast
youngsters coming up every day some
surprises are expected.
INSPECTS THE PALO
ALTO STOCK FARM
Japanese Commissioner After Infor
mation Regarding the Breeding
of Horses.
PALO ALTO, July 11.— Two distin
guished representatives of the Jap
anese Government, Count H. Mutsu,
consul at San Francisco, and Inazo
Nit.. be, special commissioner of the De
partment of Agriculture and Commerce
of Tokio, Japan, paid a visit to the Palo
Alto stock farm on the Stanford estate
yesterday. The gentlemen were here to
obtain information' in regard to the
breeding and raising of high-grade
harness horses and to gather facts as
to the profits In the business.
Superintendent Fraoik V. Covey of
the stock farm brought out all the fine
horses, showing the grand results
achieved in breeding according to the
Ideas of the late Senator Stanford. He
explained in detail the points in con
nection with the raising and breeding
of fine stock and said the prices of
high-grade horses had risen quite a
little during the past three years.
Inazo Nitobe, the special commis
sioner, Intimated that a favorable re
port to the Japanese Government
might cause large breeding establish
ments to be begun in his country,
which would benefit Californians ma
terially by supplying a market where
their produce could be disposed of in
large numbers.
Santa Rosa Race Meeting.
SANTA ROSA, July 11.— A committee
from the Pacific Coast Trotting Horse
Hreeders' Association, including President
Heald and Secretary Kelly, visited Santa
Rosa to-day and decided to hold a race
meet in this city on August 14 to 19. An
attractive programme will be given.
Giran away with each cath want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colon, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
FISHERMEN ARE
MERRY AROUND
BANQUET BOARD
Meet at Fly-Casting
Club's Dinner.
TELL OF THE LARGEST TROUT
ENDEAVOR TO PRESERVE THE
FISH ON THE TRUCKEE.
Seek Co-operation of Sportsmen in
Nevada to Secure Suitable Lad
ders by Which the Trout
May Ascend River.
The regular bi-monthly meeting of tha
San Francisco Fly-Casting Club was held
last night at Jules'. The gatherings hava
assumed the form of a dinner, at which
there is an interchange of fish stories, ami
much information of interest to angler*
may be gleaned. Absent members remem
; bered their associates last night when Al
Cumrning and A. P. Pinch sent from tneir
camp on Webber hake the basket of tiout
of which the members partook.
Mr. dimming sent a splendid specimen
lof the Loch l>even trout to Walter D.
Mansfield, president of the club. It w:us
ght in, uncooked, on a huge platter,
and alter being passed around the tabl-3
' tor inspection and comment was sent to
Mr. Mansn< Id's home.
After dinner there was music and the
; serious business of the gathering. Sec-
I retary Horace Smyth read an original
poem by F. ci. Sanborn which appealed to
1 all the fishermen. Four members were
'■ elected: C. F. Stone, J. A. Sanborn, Sain
! uel Kosenheim and C. T. I,agercrantz.
j This makes a total membership of 99. The
! limit is luO.
President Mansfield read a carefully pre
pared table of statistics showing the rec
. ords "i the members for the tirst ball of
the year. The figures presented showed a
■ notable improvement of the members at
their favorite pastime.
A. T. Vogelsang, president of the State
: Fish Commission, made a plea for co
operation between the sportsmen of Call
; fornia and Nevada in the protection of
trout in the Truckee River. He and his
.^ues desire rtsh ladders throughout
the river, and promise that th>* commis
sion will do its part in stocking the
stream. The officials of the railroad were
thanked for low rates they have given
i lishermen and their families. The usual
contests of the club will be held next
Saturday and Sunday in Stow Lake, Golden
Gate Park. The members and guests
tit last night were:
Walter l->. Mansfield (president). H. r.
sang, H. E. Skinner, C. M. Walker,
Daverkosen, C. O. Young. Charles
Klein. B. A. Mocker. James Watt, George
i Walker. F. M. Haight, F. O. Sanborn,
! Ed More Jr., C. F. Stone, William Kelie
i hor. Adolph MuUer, H. F. Muller, F. S.
Johnson. W. a. L. Miller. H. Battu. W. A.
Cooper. Horace Smyth. J. I. Babcock. H.
C. Golcher. Charles Huyck. R. isenbruck,
Edward Everett and John Butler.
TENNIS IN THE MUD.
Downpour of Rain Soaks the Courts
at Kenwood.
CHICAGO, July 11.— Rain retarded the
progress of the Western Champion Ten
nis Tournament at Kenwood to-day. A
heavy downpour at 1 o'clock soaked the
courts and left them too soft for use
until late In the afternoon. Play was be
gun at 5 o'clock, but was confined to
the matches in doubles.
The best tennis of the tournament was
seen in the few team matches played.
Bond and Collins appeared for their first
contest together and displayed cham
pionship form. They were obliged to
play their host to win against Street and
Carter. Champion Collins was given the
brunt of the playing by Street and Car
ter and he did his work well.
Hackett and Allen, the Yale men, ap
peared in doubles and made a good im
pression. They played two matches and
won both with great ease, one without
dropping a game. Summaries:
Doubles first round— Hackett and Allen de-
L^valle and Kellogß. 6—2, 6—2, 6—l.
li. nd an.l Collins defeated Street and Carter,
6— S, 6—3, »— 7.
Mundy an«l McKeever defeated Condee and
Paulson. B—4, 6—2. 3— «. 6—3.
MacQuiston brothers defeated Peters and
Bailey. 6-0, 6—3. 6—3.
Second round— Hackett and Allen defeated
Bridges and Fox, 6—o. 6—6, 6—o.
Doubles— Roche ami Neely against Patton and
MeConnell. 6—3, 9—7, unfinished.
One match singles was played, Xorris beat
ing Brooks. 6—3, 6—o.
Libel Dismissed.
T'nitod States District Judge de Haven
yesterday .dismissed the libel of John
Mackintosh vs. the steam tug Columbia.A TENDER OF
MONEY IN A
GOOD CAUSE
Work of the Central
Republican League.
A BLANKET BOOMERANG
— ♦• —
rOUR THOUSAND INDEPENDENT
REPUBLICANS ENROLLED.
Incidents of a Spirited Meeting at the
Grand Hotel— Progress of
District Organi
zation.
The bold and flagrant attempt of
Crimmins and Kelly to put a blanket
the Republicans of San Francisco
v ill redound to the public good. It has
: iroused pood citizens to a
of danger, and therefore awak
ened them to a sense of duty. The
meeting yesterday afternoon of the
general committee of the City Re
publican League was an event in local
politics. It signified that good citizens
had determined to express a choice In
the selection of delegates to the Re
publican Municipal Convention. It sig
nified, further, that the taxpayers of
Si d Francisco wore looking to the Re
p iblican party as the organization
through which good government may
be brought about.
The meeting was called to order ar^
the headquarters of the league on the
parlor floor of the Grand Hotel by
Henry T. Scott, president of the or
ganization. Z. U. Dodge, chairman of
the executive committee, submitted a
report of progress, in which he as
serted that i&d been handed
in for enrollment. He suggested that
steps Bhould be taken for the selection
of delegates to the Republican nomi
nating convention. He believed that
Indei- .publican clubs; in the
listricts should be
organized Immediately. The effective |
•he newspapers was highly]
commended by the chairman of the ex- j
ecutive committee. In acknowledgment
nee received from the
Francisco Mr. Dodge in- i
: ed the following resolution,
Which was unanimously adopted
Whereas, The Central Republican
Committee of the City Republican
3CO has been
which affects
■ r nf
.■.ad county of San Francisco;
and . „
Whereas, In order to successfully
ts— that of freeing
llty from boss rule, of
tive men who are
influences to accept
Bee, and to give San Francisco
an honest administration based on
ecommie and ye principles— •
it Is necessary that its aims and pur
s be generally promulgated and
h every voter on the Great Reg
t they may, by concerted
id defeat that in
year by year, be
con " sive; and
Wh< reas. In furtherance of the best
Interests of the people of this munici
pal!- ::as freely and
n up the cudgels against
that have hereto
ivernment
In promo t
ipork of promised reform pro
■ ■ommittee, by giving it
c and comment within
and demonstrating to
each voter that the old truism 'In
ty there is strength" still holds,
and 'that I has but to interest
anciently in electoral affairs,
g his individual strength and
• the evils of boss-
Ism of which he complains; now,
:. That we. the Central Re
■tiul. . mittee of tl I pub
lican Leagues, in the nanifs of tin.- cit-
j Z et tyers of San Francisco,
banks to the dailies
of this city for ■ -pace
■which they have accorded this com
mittee and the Bupport they have
given the advocated ny which
tally affects the moral and ter
n: condition of every citizen of this
■ y of San Francisco and
the general public.
President Scott remarked that he had
ved many notices to the effect that
members could not attend afternoon
ngs of the committee. He sug
i that an evening session should
be ca
Mr. Dudge replied that there would
be a meeting of the executive commit
tee Wednesday Cto-day) at 4 p. m., and
at that time reports would be received
from district clubs. Thursday evening
all the presidents ai d Be< retaries of in
dependent clubs will be invited to meet
at general headquarters.
] 'resident Scott observing a large at
tendance, asked of it would not be a
time to take a five minutes' recess
ler to give members of the league
an opportunity to contribute to the
treasury.
The suggestion was acceptable and
the recess was taken. Many members
Ftepped to the secretary's desk, each
contributing $20 to the good cause.
Joseph Hyman announced that he
had been informed by Mr. Henderson
that plenty of money couid be raised to
sustain the movement.
President Scott: "Let the money
come in."
Oliver Olsen suggested that measures
Bhould be taken to have citizens who
have changed their residence since last
■n report such change at the
Registrar's office in order that the right
to vote at the primary election should
forfeited.
After further discussion it was
agreed that the general committee at
the next meeting should outline a
policy.
Th>- general committee adjourned to
at 8 p. m. Wednesday of next
week.
REPUBLICAN PLANS.
County Committee Will Meet To-
Night On District Organization.
At a special meeting of the Republican
< • held last night
In Pythian Castle, 909 Market street, fifty
: nt, the matter of the
in tor dlstrici clubs was re
. ■ committee. It will
k at Kipublican
headquarters, 933 Market street, to formu
i. It was instructed
hi at S o'clock at a. meet*
ii.g of 1 al < !ommitt< c to
be held h Hall In the Shiels
building, 32 O'Farrel] strict.
IN THE THIRTY-SEVENTH.
Representative Gathering of Demo
crats at Bevisadero Hall.
Devlsadero Hall contained a representa
tive gathering of Democrats last night.
Ing the regular meeting of
tin- Thirty-seventh Assembly District
rat!< Municipal League. The mem
C this club advocate the election of
at the coming primary who are
ghly in sympathy with the prin
ciples of trie new charter, and are opposed
to fhr- corporate control of the Democratic
pari> through the agency of hired bosses.
Fred A. Baldwin, president of tii-j
league, presided at the meeting, and sdec-
T I. ETltzpatrick waa instructed to
cast a ballot admitting 100 applicants for
membership Into the league, which now
ibera over 400.
ilutions were adopted commending'
the present Democratic otiu (--holders to;
the faithful performance of their duties,
and urging their re-election.
it was decided to eicct twenty-seven del"
fcates to the approaching nominating
convention by a system of return postal
cards, final action to be taken on the
names so returned at the next meeting of
the league.
Judge A. D. Lemon, chairman of the
conference committee, reported that the
central Democratic organization will be re
quested to allow the league proper district
representation at the primary election.
pr. Charles V. Cross, president of the
Western Addition Improvement Club, An
! drew G. McGuire and M. C. Hassett ad
dressed the meeting on the political is
sues.
WILL UNDERTAKE THE
REFORM OF POLITICS
The Affiliated Republican Clubs Meet
to Effect a Permanent
Organization.
Pursuant to the invitation of the execu
tive committee, a large and enthusiastic
meeting of Republicans, under the avs
pices of the Affiliated Republican Clubs,
was held last evening at the Union League
clubrooms, Palace Hotel. A. O. Perkins
presided and Hamilton J. Riggins acted as
secretary of the league.
The president stated the object of the
meeting to be permanent organization, to
participate in the interests of pure poli
tics, and the selection of representative
Republicans for office at the coming elec
tion. After an exchange of views from
the delegates of the various clubs repre
sented it was resolved that a tempoiary
organization for the coming campaign be
effected.
On mution the president appointed a
committee on temporary organization.
■ when a short recess was taken. The com
1 mittee submitted its report, recommending
that a finance committee of seven and a
committee on constitution and by-lawa
consisting of seven members be appointed,
both committees to organize and report at
the next meeting.
The following gentlemen were appointed
the finance committee: W. G. Taffinder,
F. H. Ryblnson, A. O. Perkins, R. Luna,
j William Offerman, M. F. Taylor, Dr. C.
Ford.
Onimittee on organization and by-laws:
Gaston Straus, Morgan Backus, Dr. D. \V.
McX.Mll. J. B. Desmond, P. D. Hayes, W.
J. Herrin. A. M. Currie.
On motion the secretary was instructed
to notify the affiliated clubs to send dele
to attend the next conference. The
meeting then adjourned, to meet again i.n
Wednesday evening, July 19. at the Union
League clubrooms. Palace Hotel.
BUCKLEY CLUB.
The Twenty-Eighth District On the
City's Democracy.
To the wise political district club meet
ings are political barometers. At the reg
ular weekly meeting last evening of the
Buckley Democratic Club No. 1 of the
Twenty-eighth district, the first speaker,
Clltus Barbour, addressed an audience
that filled the hall, Mr. Barbour being the
first speaker. He spok* 5 in the ready and
elontient style characteristic of him. and
. c ;."kr in a diplomatically general way on
the origin and destiny of Democratic
clubs. He said nothing about the factional
quarrels of the Democracy, but the bur
der. of his forcible speet (5 was that the
Democracy Bhould become united again
thrcugr- the agency of the new primary
law and that the defeated one? at the
primary election, whoever they were,
should get in and take their medicine,
whatever it was, as administered by the
I oratic municipal convention, and so
help out party unity. The interest a?
nificance of this speech, which Mr. B,iv
bour has maxle, in effect, before other
Buckley clubs within a few days.
largelj from the fact that he has long
been a fierce opponent of Buckley and
a close supporter of Gavin McNab.
The other speakers of the evening were
ARRIVES TO BID THE
OREGON BOYS WELCOME
GOVERNOR T. T. GEER.
GOVERNOR OEER, accompanied by his staff, arrived In this city by
rail yesterday morning. The purpose of his visit is to greet the re
turning Oregon volunteers. Immediately on the arrival of the Gov
ernor Adjutant General Beamans of California and Colonel J. F. Bur
gin welcomed the Governor and his staff and extended to them the
hospitality of the State. The distinguished party visited the Bohemian
and Union League clubs, and also paid its respects to General Shatter at the
headquarters of the Department of Caifornia.
In speaking of the proposed welcome to the Oregonians by the people of
San Francisco Governor Geer said he would be _ pleased if the soldiers were
given an opportunity to march through the streets of San Francisco, but ob
served that the question of leaving the ship was one that would have to be de
cided by the military authorities. He remarked that he would consult Colo
nel Somers when the troops arrived, and thought the prospects were good for
the troops leaving the ship for a short time.
Governor Geer said his State was proud of the record It made In the war.
It was gratified by the achievement of the Oregon volunteers in the field, and,
moreover, Oregon was highly delighted by the splendid record made by the
battleship named after the State.
Adjutant General Tuttle, chief of staff of the Governor, has held that
position for several years, having served under Governor Lord aa chief of staff.
Accompanying the Governor are the following members of his staff: Ad
jutant General B. B. Tuttle, Colonel D. M. Dunn, Colonel A. B. Gillis, Colonel
S. C. Spencer, Major J. M. I. Wood and Captain K. C. Mearns.
Last evening Governor Geer and bis staff were entertained by the members
of the staff .if Governor Gage, and to-day they will be_ offered such courtesies
as are compatible with the close watch they are keeping for reports of the
returning transports that are bringing home the brave boys of Oregon whom
they have come such a distance to greet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 12, 1899.
MISS DEMOCRACY : ''I've Read About Them Thar Kissing Bugs "
the rising young political Buckley Stan
ford graduate, A. B. Morgan. James Bo-
Hr.rl. John D. Condon, Dr. Loryea and
Harry Kelly, financial secretary of the
central Buckley organization.
In the Forty-Third.
The meeting of Republicans of the
Forty-third Assembly District held last
evening in California Hall, 620 Bush
street, was largely attended. J. R. Hart
was elected temporary chairman and F.
G. Robrecht secretary. Resolutions fa
voring the charter, denouncing the
"blanket ticket" find protesting against
the disbanding of any fire company in
their dißtrict, or in any part of the city
and county, were adopted. An adjourn
ment was "taken to meet in the same hall
next Wednesday evening.
THE LAMBARDI
COMPANY BIDS
THE CITY ADIEU
WHEN the curtain fell on the
"Barber of Seville" last even
ing at the California Theater
it marked the passing of the
Lambardi Grand Italian Opera
Company, for the presf-nt at least. That
it will soon return there is no doubt; in
fact arrangements for a return engage
ment have practically been settled by
Manager Friedlander of the California.
Saji Francisco awoke to the realization
last night that it was going to lose this
company, which has so favorably im
pressed the lovers of opera of this city,
and the first full house that has greeted
the company since it opened practically
unannounced in the Alhambra and began
Its peregrinations from theater to theater
gathered at the California. Never were
players greeted more warmly than those
of the Lambardi company last night. It
was an ovation, applause from the be
ginning assuming the volume of a din.
The impassioned, graceful singing of Sig
norina Repetto, who assumed the role of
Rosina; the full, round bass of Travaglini.
the spirited tenor of Russo, the clever
acting- of Bergrami and the mellow bary
tone of Vizzardelli threw the audience
into ecstacies. Through the evening the
admirers of the players togged a wealth
of flowers on the stage. Three curtain
calls was the rule of the evening and
the singers, inspired by the appreciation
of their listeners, sang as they have not
since they reached the city. Of
Rossini's opera, "The Barber of Seville,"
much has been said and the people know
the argument weli. but doubtless it will
be many months before it is sung again
in tnis city with such spirit and approval,
unless, Indeed, the same throats tire in
its rendition on their return.
MRS. B. MONTI MIXES
THINGS ON THE STAND
NAUGHTY WIDOWS TESTIMONY
CONTRADICTED.
Lewis Street Residents Tell of the
Unhappy Relations Existing
Between Mrs. Kopp and
Her Husband.
Mrs. Bertha Monti has a bad memory.
What she testified to on the stand in the
Kopp murder case she is apt to forget
less than thirty minutes later, thereby in
volving Judge, attorneys and herself in
much useless argument. Mrs. Monti tes
tified yesterday morning that the only
time she had taken dinner with the mur
dered man was on the evening when Mrs.
Kopp had met them in the restaurant to
gether, the self-same evening that the
wife took his life because she "wanted
him for herself."
Mrs. Catherine Caganelli, proprietress
of the restaurant where Kopp was din
ing with Mrs. Monti on the fatal even
ing, testified that the widow came in fre
quently with Kopp to dinner. In fact,
they came in so frequently that the wit
ness learned to know them.
After Mrs. Caganelli left the stand
Judge Conlan recalled Mrs. Monti to ex
plain the testimony of the witness. "I
dined with Kopp many times," Mrs.
Monti said; "but only once since Mrs.
Kopp'a return from the East."
Mrs. Caganelli was recalled and posi
tively testified that she had seen Kopp
and Mrs. Monti "more than once and
more than twice during the past month
in the restaurant together."
The witnesses examined brought nut
nothing new in regard to the unhappy rela
tions existing between the murdered man
and his wife. Mrs. Minnie Dotterer, Mrs.
Burns Mrs. Julia Vendome. Mrs. Marie
Carlo and Otto Carlo all related incidents
relative to the brutal fashion in which
Kopp was in the habit of addressing his
wife Mrs. Nussbaum told how Mrs.
Kopp and the little girl Amanda had come
to her hungry, saying Kopp refused them
the necessary money for food
Mrs. Sophia Robin, sister of the accused
woman testified that Kopp had acknowl
edged to her that he was intimate with
Mrs. Monti.
All the testimony In the case is now
in and to-day at 11 Mrs. Kopp will take
the stand in her own behalf.
Burglars Scared Away.
Two men attempted to break into the
residence of A. J. Laohman. 282G Washing
ton street, Monday night. They were dis
turbed in their work by the servant girl,
who opened a window and blew 8 police
whistle She saw the two men scurrying
awa'v in the darkness. Policemen Burk
hold'er and Smith heard the whistle, hut
when they reached the residence the bur
glars had' made good their escape leaving
a "jimmy" behind them. The police deny
that there was a burglary in the residence
of William Sexton, 311S Washington
Attempted Suicide in Jail.
Pearl Martin, a well known character
around the city, while confined in the City
Prison last night on a charge of drunken
ness, attempted to strangle herself with a
scarf She was seen by one of the "trus
ties" who notified Sergeant Brown. He
jjad'ths wpmaa taken out qi, ier cell and
locked up In a padded cell at the Receiv
inp Hospital. She has made several at
tempts to commit suicide and It Is be
lieved that she is mentally deranged.
Maltreated a Horse.
ripijamin SldlowskJ was arrested last
night by Officer W. T. Hoopor of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to i
Animals on a warrant sworn to by R. '
G. Kerr. a livery stable keeper, charging ;
Sidlowski with cruelty to a horse. Sid- J
lowski keeps his horse in Kerr's stable |
in a stall adjoining the one used by j
Henry Van Wlnkel. Kerr saya that last
Saturday morning:, while Sidlnwski was ■
oloaninß out his stall, he took a pitch
fork and deliberately stuck It into the j
BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER.
leg of Van "Winkers horse. Stdiowskl
admits that he stuck tne pitchfork into
the animal, but claims that he did It ac
cidentally. It is said that Sidlowskl was
jealous of Van Winkel because both had
bought horses at the same time and Van
Winkers animal proved to be the better
of the two.
A HUMAN BRUTE.
Ben Sidlowski Wanted for Sticking
a Pitchfork Into His Horse's
Leg.
Thf police are searching for Ben Sid
low«ki. a peddler, who is wanted on the
chnrtre of cruelty to animals. It is an
aggravated case and that is the reason
the ]")lice are so anxious to capture him.
The complaining witness against him is
R. (',. Kcrr, 421 Clementina street, who
occupies a stable along with him. Mon
day Sidlowski was cleaning the horse s
Btall with a pitchfork and because the
animal did nut move aside fast enough
he stuck the tines of the pitchfork into
its leg inflicting an ugly nnd painful
wound He is afraid of being punished
for his brutality and has disappeared.
Robbed on a Train.
Mrs. 1,. Green of San Jose appeared at
police headquarters yesterday afternoon
and reported that while on her way from
San Jose to this city her poeketbook con
taining about $60 had been stolen. As this
left her entirely without means, a room
was procured for her in a downtown ho
tel. Detective Cody has been detailed on
the case.
No Cruelty Shown.
E. "vVallenstein of the Olympia and Bert
Banvard, father of Fritz Banvard, the boy
acrobat at the Olympia, charged with
cruelty in permitting a minor to perform,
appeared before Judge Conlan yesterday.
After hearing the evidence the Judge dis
missed the cases.
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
reae/ for framing.
NO NONSENSE IN
DR. WHEELER'S
REQUIREMENTS
Wants No Log Rolling
With Regents.
HE INSPIRES CONFIDENCE:
CHATS WITH OFFICETtS AND
FBIENDS OF UNIVERSITY.
Belief That the Cornell Professor
Will Accept the Presidency of
tie Institution at
Berkeley.
Dr. Benjamin Ide Whaler, president- i
elect of the University of California, ar- ■
rived in the city from New York early ;
yesterday morning and attended a ses
sion of the regents In the afternoon. He j
will be in and about San Francisco for a j
week or ten days and during that time ;
will acquire facts concerning the uni- ,
versity and acsertain what views the ;
regents hold regarding the future man- j
agement of the institution. He may run
down to Los Angeles and pass a day with ;
the school teachers there assembled. Next i
Sunday he will be the guest of Mrs.
Hearst at her country home near Liver
more. She arrived in the city yesterday.
but did not attend the regular session of
the board of regents.
Dufing the forenoon yesterday Dr. j
"Wheeler met several of the regents at
theft respective offices. He chatted for a j
considerable time with General Barnes,
Judge Wallace, Arthur Rodgers, Judge
Waymire and Judge Slack. It is readily
acknowledged by the regents that Pro- i
fessor Wheeler is an impressive and In- I
spiring man. General Barnes fancies that
the students of Berkeley will be delighted j
with the Cornell professor. Before his
present visit ends Dr. Wheeler will in- j
form the regents whether he will accept
or decline the presidency of the uni
versity. In the minds of the regents there I
is hardly a doubt of his acceptance, but j
he desires to talk over affairs personally |
with each member of the board. Of course
these conversations will be In the nature
Of "heart to heart talks" for the good !
of the cause of higher education on this '
Bide of the continent. Dr. Wheeler is in '
no sense destitute of that quality known
as personal magnetism and if he pursues
his plan of campaign, which contemplates j
a personal Interview with each regent, I
he will surely capture the whole board, j
In general conversation yesterday Dr. I
Wheeler remarked: "My requests placed
before the regents are by no means un- |
usual. I do not believe that there should
be any logrolling on the part of any mem
ber of the faculty with the regents in
order to hold his position. I think my
requests have in a measure been misun
derstood. I do not believe in wholesale
decapitations. It is not the question of
one man's place or even two men's places.
Politics should not enter into the question
at all. So long as politics govern ap- |
polntments there will be no peace, no
quiet, no effective advancement."
General Barnes presided at the session
of the board yesterday. The Regents' at
tending were: Hallidie, Denicke, Budd,
Houghton. Wallace. Lieutenant Governor
Xeff, Speaker Alden Anderson. Rodgers,
Slack, Foote, Pardee and Barnes.
The board adopted the following reso
lution:
Resolved, With the concurrence of
the president of the board. Governor
of the State and the Speaker of the
Assembly and the consent of the State
Board of Examiners that the Commit
tee on Audit and Finance is hereby
authorized and directed to advance
from that portion of the university one
cent fund, set aside for permanent im
provements, so much as may be neces
sary to make up any deficit that may
occur in the revenue of the univereity
for current expenses, and to report the
same from time to time to tfct board.
A communication from Professor Wil
liam Cary Jones was received, wherein
was offered a donation of $3000 from Mrs.
Cornelius B. Houghton, to be used as a
scholarship. Mrs. Houghton expressed
the hope that at least $130 per year be
derived therefrom. The donation was ac
cepted and the board tendered its thanks
to the donor.
Director Keeler recommended the ap
pointment of three fellows at the Lick
Observatory, naming Messrs. Coddington,
Palmer, Rays. On motion of Regent Slack
the three gentlemen named were appoint
ed at a salary of $100 per year.
Dr. Pardee moved that General Barnes
be made chairman of the Lick Observa
tory Committee. The motion was carried
unanimously.
The board adjourned to meet next Tues
day, July IS, at 1 p. m., and confer with
Dr. Wheeler.
The Medal Fund.
The following additional contributions
to the California Volunteer medal fund
have been received at the officer of Frank
B. Ryan, the secretary: From Cambria
Parlor No. 152, N. S. G. W., of Cambria,
$17 75; from Seaside Parlor No. 95, N. S.
G. W.. of Halfmoon Bay, $21 35; from
Adelaide anfl Jennie Cherry of Occidental,
$15; previously acknowledged, J3720 80;
i total to date, 13774 90,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IF A MAN
Has a Weakness op a Dis-
ease He Should Not De-
pend on Electricity, Patent
Medicines op Irresponsible
Doctors.
Such Unfortunates Should Go
to the Old Reliable
Specialists,
DR. MEYERS & CO.
THESE PHYSICIANS HAVE LONG
been recognized a.« the leading spe-
cialists of the West. They treat nothing
but diseases and weaknesses of men.
They possess natural ability, years of ex-
perience, ample means, superior equip-
ment. Their institution is the largest In
America; their methods, remedies and
appliances time-tried and successful.
PAY WHEN CURED.
Patients may arrange to pay after they
are well. Consultation and advice free;
home cures a specialty. DR. MEYERS &
CO have cured thousands of men whom
they have never seen. SUFFERERS
WHO CANNOT CALL SHOULD WRITE
FOR PRIVATE BOOK. QUESTION
LIST AND ADVICE, PRICES. TERMS.
ETC.. ALL OF WHICH IS SENT FREE.
No printing on envelopes or packages to
indicate name of sender. All letters con-
fidential. Call or address
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 MARKET ST., S. F.
Take Elevator Hours Bto 6 dally.
„ , _, Evenings, 7 to 8.
to 3d Floor. Sundays. 9 to XL
NOTICE.
Assessment Book of Real and Per-
sonal Property, 1899.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF BOARD OF
Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco, City Hall building, second floor, July
4, 1599.
Public notice is hereby given, in accordance
with section No. 3654 of the Political Code, that
the Assessment Book of the City and County of
Ban Francisco, for the year 1899, has been com-
pleted and delivered to me, as Cleri of tha
Board of Supervisors, together with the map
books and statements, and will be open lor ex-
amination in this office from 9 o'clock a. m. to
4 o'clock p. m., and that said Board of Super-
visors "met to examine the Assessment Boole
and equalize the assessment of property therein,
on MONDAY AFTERNOON, July 3, 1899, at 2
o'clock and will thereafter continue in session.
from time to time until the business of equal-
ization presented to them is disposed of. but not
later than the 17th day of July, 1839.
Applications for correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath.
Public notice Is also given, that In accordance
with sections 1897, 1899 and 3654 of the Political
Code, the Military Roll has been completed, de-
livered over to me and is now open for exam-
ination and correction, as provided by law.
" JOHN A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
j'^^ J «^fc^^kj-^fc»«^^*^^^s»w^^*<tw^»w-^^^^Q
visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
* MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
I I Q5) 10S1 m££T ST. Ist. 1 7th, C.F.Cd. A
C^r The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
■ \ jmJ^m. World. Weaknesses cr any contracted A
G*£Sps disease po«iti»«-ly cared by the oldest T
• JBSI Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. 0
A tfSXfi DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
X P^Ghs^H Consultation free and strictly private. \
A f i*iW£ H Treatment personally or by Irttcr. A I I
¥fl nrnlj >OSI '" <! Cure in every case undertaken. W
Ami !l» Write for Book, PHILOSOPHY of J
▼ I II M * RRl * f - MAILED FREE. (A 1
\ jl Ili valuable book for mm)
W OK. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., S. F. W
iEIIERCE'S
(Ls^F FAVORITE
pESCRIPTiOM
JL FOR WEAKWOfrIEM.
Qkxjz ViTALIS
f ®Ste^ff9/«fe the new
HTGriothDr. **- "v men linn
YITAUS " *- * DEUCnV
I'ROnrtfcS THE ABOTK 30th Day. Cll 111
RESULTS. It quickly A surely removes JTerTonsness, Impotenoy
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects
of self -abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cares when all others fail. Insist on having VITALIS,
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail $1.00
per package or six for 95.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
Refund the Money. Circular Free. Address
CALUMET CURE CO., 83-1 Dearborn St., Chiear*
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Cr&nt Drue Co.. la
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. '
M^i^vu ELECTRIC BELTS.
Prices from $3 50 to
OKfF*f%\^ Sy'\ -■',-" '•77^&k 125. Largest manu-
BSL: s 'I , T -J3I facturers in the Uni-
nvr/r*^lMr ted States. No Quacks
3 2 sis?J2e k S3'?I i&3£s connected with this
/fiVTOWjZL*-**^?^ establishment.
rfT" * ° r Particulars
)Jjit^= call or send 2c In
/f\S stamps for "Booklet
' 1 No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel, S. F.
FiVI I■ I . i riwmaHg
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUGEBA * CO.
BOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS. y ~
ywvvvvvwwvwv«Awvvvww\{
1 A PERMANENT CURE f
> of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
'• and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 ',
i ! days ;no other treatment required. 5
I, Sold by all druggists. 5
— :
OEWEY,STRONG &C0>?!?V
E \ PAT ENTS f i)
%g.^330 MARKET ST. S.F.^te>^
• NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $8 -week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; lire grates In «very
I room; elevator runs all eight,
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
>Jew York Exchange higher.
Bterllng Exchange lower.
Bllver declined.
Wheat dull. Freights advancing.
Barley steady, but quieter.
Oats In light supply and firm.
Corn and Rye dull.
Beans continue firm and active.
Seeds dull.
Hay In good demand and rather nrm.
Bran and other feedstuffs strong.
Potatoes and Vegetables about th« same.
Butter and Eggs firm.
Poultry In fair demand.
Fresh Fruits in ample supply.
Some changes in Dried Fruits.
Bacon advanced. Hams ac:iv«.
Hides sell well.
Wool quieter.
Hops stand the same.
Meat market generally firm.
Grain Bags strong.
Oils unchanged.
DRIED FRUIT IN NEW YORK.
The New York Commercial says: "During
the pa*t week there was some additional de
mand for old crop peaches. Some holders are
entirely cleaned out, and buyers appear to be
experiencing some difficulty in filling their re
quirements. There has been no increase In
price but everything new on the spot is heid
firmer, and the tendency of prices Is upward
on all grades. No sales of new crop for for
ward are reported. There Is an Impression
that the opening will be 6*@6*c, but this prlc»
is not given as official.
"Spot apricots are In more active demand
and prices tend upward, though no quotable
advance in price hae yet been made. There
are few in first har.ds. except a few which
were reshlpped from France, and It ls Ba a
those are controlled by one or two firms. «oui
lng new has developed in business for forward.
There are offerings at about previous ranee or
prices, but it ls not known that any business
has been done. It seems to be generally con
ceded that there must be some shading or
prices before sales of any Importance are
"Prunes remain quiet and steady, with trade
suffering, because of competition with fresh
domestic fruits which are liked at this sea-
Croo reports do not vary much from
will' be larger, but Oregon and Washington
previous statements. The California output
trill have few to send out this season.
"The exports of prunes during the year end
ing June SO, LS9B, were 15,940,791 pounds. For
the first ten months of the year ending June
30. 1899, the export was 5,461.026 pounds, a
shortage of 10,479,765 pounds, or 440 cars. The
quant'ty r.ow held on the coast is estimated
at 300 cars or nenr that. These figures prove
that had the export demand been as large
as usual not a car would now be left. The
latest estimate on the IS9B crop in France is
23,000,000 pounds . compared with RS.OOO.OOii
pounds actual)'.- harvested last year. The 18W
crop was about 80.000,000 pounds. The indi
cations are therefore, that this year's de
mand will be quit- as large as in 1897. wnlch,
asbumir.g the present estimates of the prob
able output of Oregon and Washington to be
reasonably correct, will put California's pro
duct In an exceptionally strong position this
fall. '
"Trade in currants ls small. There is some
Inquiry for small Jobbing lots, but they do not
amount to much The retention law passed
to its third reading last week, but whether
the proposed banking clause was retained is
a question still undecided. The Cape Comorin
Is on the way with KWO barrels, which has
given the market an easier tone, but no quot
able change in price has occurred in spot
goods.
"Drought has injured the Smyrna fig crop,
and estimates are reduced to 80,000 came] loads,
a falling off as compared with previous esti
mates of 601 • camel loads. The 30,000
loads 'will b° about half an average crop, but
will be much better than last year."
OUR CASH AND DEBTS.
Following ls a statement of the public debt
and of the cash in the Treasury of the United j
States at the close of business June 30, re- j
ceived from Secretary Gage: Interest-bearing
debt on which interest has
since maturity, $1,218,300; debt bearing i
r.o Interest, J 89,433,855; certificates and TreiLS
viry notes, offset by an equal amount of cash |
In the Treasury. $553,226,603; aggregate of debt, !
$1,991,927,806. Compared with the statement is
sued May 31 the figures show a decrease of j
certificates and Treasury notes amounting to |
and an increase In the aggregate debt j
253. The cash In the Treasury at the !
date mentioned was: Gold, $273,3;'3.480; silver.
$508.228,226; paper, $46,592.142; bonds, minor |
coin, fractional currency, etc.. $79,447,288: ag- ,
gregate $907,961,138. The cash balance In the |
Treasury. May SI was $267,584,093. and on June '
SO $2-*; wing an Increase during the |
month Of $13,796,374.
OUR ACCOUNT WITH THE PACIFIC
ROADS.
The following figures show the amounts due
the United States from Pacific railroads on j
account of bonds issued In aid of their con-
Btructlon: Central branch Union Pacific,
$3,758,864; Pi'U.x City and Pacific, $4,216,926:1
t tai $7 975 780. The Government has been i
reimburse.!': .r $27,236,511 principal and $31,- j
211,711 Interest, being the total indebt
edness of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company to November 1, 1897. and for
thr principal of the Kansas Pacific Indebted
ness, amounting to $6,301,000. The unpaid bal
ance of the total Indebtedness of the Central I
Pacific and Western Pacific Railroad compa
nies to the --Htes, under settlement j
agreement of February 1, ISS9. amounts to
$47,050,172 and accrued interest, less transpor
tation earnings.
FRUIT AND SALMON IN ENGLAND.
"California fruits continue In good demand
at firm rates. For the 1599 pack canners have
•withdrawn their offers, but resales have taken !
place at hardening rates," says the London j
Grocers' Gazette, and reports the salmon mar- i
ket aa follows: "There is no quotable change in !
this market. The consumptive demand has im- i
proved Flight!}-, but the Inquiry from first
hands is extremely limited, and as a matter
of fact dealers are in some cases offering at
Jower prices than those demanded by packers'
agents. The position of this market ls at the
present time a somewhat curious one. On the
r tip hand nackers state that prices must go
higher In consequence of the increased i
production, while the demand from the United
States for all classes of tinned provisions ls
at that packers can get their own prices
from that market. Many of the dealers and
wholesale houses here, however, take the op
posite view, being of opinion that the market
ls at present too high, and they support their
opinion by selling' from the stocks they hold
on hand at less than they can purchase at the
present moment."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian—Paeiflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 11. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. 58; Red Bluff. 98; Sacramento. 8S;
Fresno, 100: San Luis Obispo, 78: Independence,
90: Los Angeles. 78; San Diego, 70; Yuma. 108.
San Franoisco data—Maximum temperature.
B6; minimum, 50; mean. 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly off the coast
cf California. Elsewhere west of the Rocky-
Mountains it remained nearly stationary.
Thunderstorms are reported in Utah and South
ern Idaho.
The temperature has fallen along the central
coast of California. In the great valleys of
California tht- temperatures are about normal.
Thj following maximum wind velocities are
reported: San Francisco, 40 miles per hour,
from the west, and Pocatello, 34 miles, from
the west. Over the northern half of the Pa
cific const warm tair weather prevails.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
endinir midnight July 12, 1899:
Northern ( alif.unia—Fair Wednesday; north
erly winds in the valleys; brisk westerly winds
on the coar-t. with fog:.
Southern Ca'ltem la—Fair Wednesday; fresh
westerly -winds.
Nevada—Fair Wednesday.
Utah—Cloudy Wednesday, with showers and
f.robably thunderstorms in the northern por
lon: cooler.
Arizona— Cloudy Wednesday, with showers In
the mountains.
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Wednesday,
with fog in the murning and in the afternoon
brisk westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 11.— stock market
•trlklngly demonstrated its Inherent strength
to-day with a practical recovery of yester
day's losses. The closing prices to-day were
only slightly below these or Saturday and in
some exceptional cases sharply above. The
only conditions in which any change had taken
place were purely technical. These were the
elimination of a weakly margined long ac
count and the creation of a short Interest.
London began to sell stocks in New York at
the opening to-day as it did yesterday, but
Instead of coming upon a large amount of
nearly exhausted margins, as was the case
yesterday, the opening decline Invited buying
to cover the short contracts put out yesterday.
The buying from this source afforded the prin
cipal support to the market In the early deal-
Ings It - was particularly marked In Sugar
and the New York Traction and Gas stocks,
■which suffered most severely from bear raid-
Ing yesterday. By the time this short Interest
had " been covered the market came to a
standstill, the bulls apparently lacking cour
age to push their advantage in the face of ihe
continued firmness of the money market, which
held quite firmly about the legal rate for call
money. Slightly before noon, however, a de
termined buying movement developed In the
great trunk lines and with occasional Intervals
■preadlnjr from out group to another
until It embraced pretty much the whole
other until It embraced pretty much the whole
list. The agreement among the trunk lines to
restore rates on grain to the seaboard was ap
parently the cause of the origin of the buying
In that group. St. Paul's increase In gross
earnings for the first week In July of $203,822
prompted .the buying of the Grangers. North
ern Pacific scored a brilliant advance, recov
ering more than its dividend, which was taken
off to-day. After a fractional reaction on pro
fessional profit-taking, prices were marked up
again to near the best In the closing dealings.
Bonds rallied somewhat from the early weak
ness in sympathy with stocks, but are slightly
lower on the day. Total sales par value
12,080.000.
United States new 4s registered declined %
»nd old 4s registered '« In the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted
to 395,538 shares, including: American Steel,
10 000: American Sugar, 27,700; Anaconda. 3000;
Atchison. 6SO0: Atchlson preferred, 3900; Brook
lyn Transit. 21.100: Burlington, 14,600; Federal
Steel 5000- Louisville and Nashville, 3200; Man
hattan, 36.500; Northwestern, 3200: Northern
Pacific, 17,600: People's Gas. 3300; Rock Island,
6100: St. Paul, 31,400; Southern Railway pre
fered, 4(.00: Union Pacific, 5700; preferred, 6000:
Chesapeake and Ohio. 600; Chicago Great
Western, 400; C. C. and St. Louis, 3200; Con
tinental Tobacco, :<000: Missouri Pacific. 18.500:
New York Central, 6800; Ontario and Western,
4000; Pennsylvania, 8000; St. Louis and South
western. 6800; Southern Pacific, 4000; Tennessee
Coal and Iron. 4000; Texas Pacific, 2500; Wa
bash preferred, 7300.
CLOSING STOCKS*
Atchison 204 St. P. & Om 106
Do prefd 61* Do prefd 175
Baltimore & Ohio. 47*4 Am S & R C 0.... 35%
Canada Pacific 97 Do prefd S3
Canada Southern.. 63 So Pacific 32*
Cent Pac 62 So Railway 11%
Ones & Ohio 25% Do prefd 61*
Chi & Alton ......150 Tex & Pac 22"i
Chi B & Q 136"5» Union Pacific 43%
Chi & E 111 73 Do prefd 77*
Do prefd 121 Nor & W pfd 70%
Chi G W 14* Wabash 7%
Chi Ind & L 94 Do prefd 22*4
Do prefd 40 ■ Wheel & L E new. S?4
Chi & N W 160 Do 2d prefd .... 24*
Do prefd "196 Express Companies—
C C C & St L 68U Adams Ex 11l
Do prefd 964 American Ex 137
Del & Hudson 123* United States .... 47
Del L & W 168* Wells Fargo 125
Den & Rio G 21* Miscellaneous-
Do prefd 75 A Cot Oil 39*
Erie new 13* Do prefd 92
Do Ist prefd 37 Amn Spirits 6*
Ft Wayne IS4 j Do prefd 28
Gt Nor prefd 170 Am Tobacco SI
Glucose 664 Do prefd 142
Illinois Cent 115* Cons Gas % .I*3
Lake Erie & W.... 18* Com Cable C 0....'... ...'.. 179
Do prefd 76%, Col F & Iron 46
Lake Shore 200 j Do prefd 105
Louis & Nash 71 'Gen Electric 117%
Manhattan L 1194 Haw Corn! Co 72
Met St Ry 221 Fed Steel o9
Mich Cent 11l Do prefd 81
Minn & St L Intnl Paper 42
Do 2d prefd .... 90*: Do prefd iS
Mo Pacific 46%'Laclede Gas 54
Mobile & Ohio 38 Lead -i"a
Mo X & T WAI Do prefd 112
Do prefd 34% Brooklyn R T 115%
N J Central 117 Nat Lin Oil 24
N V Central ... .137%! Pacific Mall 4.
N V Chi & St L.. 18 j People's Gas 117%
Do Ist prefd .... 63 i Pullman Pal ......1584
Do 2d prefd .... 32 Silver Cert 60
Nor West 20% Standard R & T.. '%
No Amer Co 11* 'Sugar 166%
No Pacific, ex-dlv. 49% Do prefd 116
Do prefd 774 T C & Iron 70%
Ontario & W 26* U S Leather 5%
Or R & Nay pfd. 75 ] Do prefd OVi
Pac Coast 3S US Rubber 52
Do Ist prefd .... 84 Do prefd US
Do 2d prefd 57 West Union 90
Pittsburg 184 Amn S & W Co.. 55%
Reading 20% Do prefd 954
Do Ist prefd 61 Con Tobacco .... 40%
ROW 33 Do prefd 79%
Do prefd 7S Natl Steel 504
Rock Island 116% Do prefd 91
St L & S F 104 Colo So 4"
Do prefd 70*! Do Ist prefd .... 424
Do 2d prefd .... SX% Do 2d prefd .... 17
6t L & S W 13%! Anaconda 54*
Do prefd 3i%|Tln Plate 37%
St Paul 1314 Do prefd 86
Do prefd 174 I
CLOSING BONDS.
VS 2s res 101 MX & T 2ds 67%
Do 3s 10S% Do 4s 93
Do coup 109* N V Cent lsts 113
V S new 4s reg 130 N J Cent gen 55. .120
Do coup 130 North Carolina 65.. 127
U S old 4s reg 112 I Do 4s 102
Do coup 1124 N P lsts 113
US 5s reg 1124 ; Do 3s 107
Do coup 112* N P 4s 103%
District 3.65s 119 IN V C & S L 45.. .107
Ala class A 108 Nor & W con 45.. '"%
Do B 108 Do gen 6s 115.
Do C 98 Or Nay lsts 113
Do Currency 98 Do 4s 10214
Atch gen 4s 1024 O S Line 6s 332
Do adit 4s i» Do con Ss 113
Canada So 2ds ....111 Reading Gen 45.... SSV;
Ches & O 4*s .... 97* R G W lsts 99*
Do os 119 SL & I M Con 55. 113%
C & N Con 7s 145% S L & S F Gen 65. 124
Do deb 6s 1224 St P Con 16S
Chicago Term 45.. 99% St P C & P 15t*. .. .121%
D & R G lsts 106 Do 6s 121
D&R G4s 100 So Ry 5s 10914
E T Va & Ga lsts. 105% Standard R & T 6s SSTj
Erie Gen 4s 72* Term new set 35.. 974
Ft W & D C lsts. 80% Tex & Pac lsts — 115
Gen Electric 5s 119 , Do 2ds 554
G H & S A 65. ...107 I'D P 4s 105*
Do 2dS 113 Wabash lsts 116%
H&T Csb 110% Do 2ds 102%
Do Con 6s 112 West Shore 4s 114%
lowa Cent lsts 113 Wis Cent lsts .... 764
X C P& G lsts.. 59 Va Centuries 85
La new eon 4s 107 Do deferred 8%
L & X Unl 4s 98% Colo So 43 834
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 25 Ontario 7 50
Crown Point 25 Ophir 100
Con cal & Va 1 SO Plymouth 10
Deadwood CO Quicksilver 2 20
Gould & Curry-... 36 Do prefd 800
Hale & Norcross.. 33 Sierra Nevada 60
Homestake 60 00. Standard 2 00
Iron Silver 65'jUnlon Con 35
Mexican Boi| Yellow Jacket 32
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— • Union Land 8
Call loans 8 @44 West End 95*
Time loans 3*&4* Do prefd 114
Stocks— Westlngh Elec ... 49%
A T&St Fe 19% Bonds-
Do prefd 614 Atchison 4s 101
Amer Sugar 156% Mining Shares-
Do prefd 1174 Adventure 94
Bell Tel 345 Allouez Mm C 0.... 8
Boston & Albany.2s7 Atlantic 304
Boston 1 107* Boston & Mont 365
Boston & Maine... Butte & Boston... 78
Chi Bur & Q 136 Calumet & Hec1a..790
Ed Elec 111 200 Centennial 34
Fitchburg prefd. ..ll7 Franklin IS*
Gen Electric 118<4 ! Humboldt 2*
Fed Steel 59 jOsceola 87
Do prefd 81 Parrott 52
Mexican Cent 14',i : Quincy 160
Mich Tel 95% Santa Fe Copper.. 14*
Old Colony 203 Tamarack 217
Old Dominion .... 3$ |Winona 13
( Rubber 62 (Wolverines 454
Union Pacific 43% ; Utah «
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 11.— Ths Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were quiet to-day, engaged
in arranging the small account. The tone was
dull with a final hardening in Americans and
Africans. Money is still stiffening. Americans
were depressed until the afternoon, when New
' York bought, despite the hardening money In
New York and London. The close was well
! above the worst. The strongest features were j
Atchison preferred and Northern Pacific com
mon Tintos, 45%; Anacondas, 11*.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 99%: Northern Paeiflo pre
ferred. 78%; Union Pacific preferred. 78; Atch
ison 20*; Grand Trunk. 7",; Anaconda, 11%:
bar silver, quiet, 27% d per ounce; money, 2
per cent. »
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July 11.— FLOUR— Receipts,
34,116; exports, 16,457. Easy and 6@lsc lower
than Saturday; Minnesota patents, $3 85@4;
Minnesota bakers. J3@3 20; winter patents, $3 75
94; winter straits, S3 40(g>3 65; winter extras,
$2 4692 85. .
WHEAT— Receipts, 818,250; exports, 161,643.
: Spot easy; No. 2 red, 79% cf. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 80% c f. o. b. afloat; Hard
I No 1 Duluth. 84* cf. o. b. to arrive; No. 2
red, 77 ,j,c elevator. . Options opened easy on fa
; vorable crop news, afterwards recovering on a
demand from shorts. Russian news was still
bullish Western cash demand good and Texas
; crop news unfavorable. A final reaction un
■ der realizing left last prices easy and unchang
ied July. 78*@78 11-16 c; closed, 7S%c; Septem
i ber. 77%@784c; closed, 78* c; December, 73 9-18
i OSO E-16c; closed, 80c.
HOPS, HIpES, WOOL— Steady.
METALS— Tin broke sharply to-day In sym
pathy with the weakness at London under
disappointing Information from the West. The
I demand fell off to a light call, with holders
I on the other hand urgently pressing sales In
some holdings. The other departments failed
to change quotably. though ruling less active.
At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIGIRON— quiet at Jl3 50 nom
inal.
LAKE Unchanged, with $18 26 bid '
I and $18 60 asked.
' TlN— Weak and lower, with $27 37* bid and
$27 424 asked.
LEAD— Unchanged, with $4 50 bid and $4 60
asked. The brokers' price for Lead Is $4 35 and
for Copper $18 60.
SPELTER— with »6 bid and $6 25
asked.
COFFEE — closed quiet, unchanged to
10 points lower. Sales, 17.000 bags, mcluding
August. $4 65; September. $1 75: October. $4 80;
November, $4 85; December, Jo 20; January,
$5 20.
SPOT COFFEE— Rio dull and nominal: No.
7 Invoice, 6c; No. 7 jobbing, B*c; mild quiet;
Cordova, B@l3c.
SUGAR— Raw, easy; fair refining, 8 29-320;
Centrifugal, 96 test, 4 7-16 c; Molasses Sugar,
8 26-32. Refined, firm; No. 6, 4 13-16 c; No 8
4 11-16 c; No. 12. 4 5-16 c: No. IS, 4 6-16 c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 16.016 packages. Steady;
Western Creamery, 15@184c; factory. 12®14*c
EGGS— Receipts, 11,280 packages. Western,
15@15%c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, July IL— California Dried
Fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, ««®7c;
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 12, 1899.
prime wire tray. BU^S^o; choice, 8V4@8%0;
fancy, 9@94e.
PRUNES-34@84e. „ ; _,.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 14c: Moor Park, 14@18o.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 10@llc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET. .
CHICAGO, July 11.— September wheat opened
about 4c lower, at 72%@73c. sold between 72% c
and 734 c, closed unchanged at 73c. Fair
weather In the wheat belt and continued large
primary receipts caused a degree of easiness at
the 3tart, and a decline followed the opening.
The decline was soon recovered. There was
irregular buying: by the less confident shorts,
who feared the influence of the Russian crop
failure, fresh confirmatory news of which was
received to-day, and the absence of Belling
pressure of note was sufficient to sustain
prices. The market, however, was exceedingly
narrow and price changes small until after
noon, when trade broadened out somewhat.
Bradstreet reported 178,000 bushels decrease In
the world's visible... and reports were received
of damage to Wisconsin's spring wheat. The
price was advanced to 734 c, the highest point
of the day. Trade became dull again toward
the close, and the pit at times was half
empty, with the easiness usually a feature of
narrow trading.
Corn was dull, but fairly steady. Prices fol
lowed wheat, September closing unchanged.
Oats were extremely dull, but steady. Sep
tember closed Vsc lower than yesterday.
Provisions were firm and fairly active.
Speculative demand, both local and from out
side, was good, and prices averaged slightly
higher all day. Packers were again in the mar
ket. At the close Sectember pork was 10c
Wisher and lard and ribs 5c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 8— _.«.
July 71% 72 714 71%
September 73 734 .2% 73
December 74% 75* 74* 74%
Corn No. 2— , „„,
July 83* 83"4 834 83%
September 33% 344 83% 83%.
December 33 334 82?4 83
Oats No. .^7!....'.. 23<4 2SVi 23Vi -„.,
iylEE::::: 23* 2«* »* 88
September 20% 20* 20* 20*
May 22% 22* 22 22*
Mess Pork, per barrel— ill 565 875
July S 65 8 75 8 to 8 75
September BDO 8 $34 8 »2* 890
.Lard, per 100 pounds—
j u v 6 274
September 640 640 6 37* 640
October 5 42* 42* 8 424 6 424
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds..
July 5 024 605 5 024 505
September 615 615 6 12* 615
October 516 5 17* 6la 5 I,*
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, unchanged; No. 3 spring wheat, 70©
71&ic- No. 2 red 72H@73c; No. 2 com. 34c; No
2 oats. 24£24* c; No 3 white, 26©27Hc; **• «
rye 58®69*c; No. 1 flax seed. 08c; prime timo
thy seed. $2 45; mess pork, per barrel $6 100
8 75; lard, per 100 pounds, $d 17*@6 30: short
ribs sides (loose), $4 9606 15; dry salted shoul
ders ( boxed) 54<t?5%c; short clear sides (boxed),
*s™<gs 30: whisky, distillers finished goods,
per gallon', SI 26.
Art l c _ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrel H. 00& t 6.000
Wheat, bushel. 105.000 171,000
Corn? bushels 684.000 710.000
Oats bushels ■■■■ 455.000 '°°°
live huehels 9.000
glje^busheiv •;::::: 27,000 35.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was weak. Creameries. 13U@lSc; Dai
ries ll@ls*c. Cheese, firm. B*@9c. Eggs,
steady, 12@12*c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat- July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 84 6 11 6 0%
cfos"n/ .:......... 5 9 6 ">% € °*»
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— J" l ''- Sept.-Dec.
Onenlne -" 30 M 75
ffin"/..""".....:.. 20 20 20 90
Cloning 20 -° zo 8U
oKJT «20 23 40
Closing * 4 °° Za *°
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, July 11.— Special cable and tele
graphic advices to Bradstreet' s show the fol
lowing changes In available supplies as com
pared with the previous account:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, Increase 22.000 bushels; afloat for
and in Europe decreased 200.000 bushels; total
SUPPIy, decreased 175.000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increased 323,000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east or the
Rookies, decreased 722.000 bushels.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., de
creased 3000 bushels last week.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, July 11.— California fruit sold to
day: Bartlett Pears, $2 85@3 05, average $2 95;
half boxes, $I@l 50; Peach Plums. Ssc@sl 20,
average $1 16; Tragedy Prunes. $1 05@l 15. aver
aS NEW YORK. July 11.— California fruit sold '
to-day: Bartlett Pears, $2 50@3 50, average
$2 64- Peach Plums. Ssc@sl 10. average 94c;
Purple Duane Plums. Soc<ifsl 25, average 91c;
Slmoni Prunes, 80090 c, average 82c; Tragedy
Prunes 80c@$l 10; Burbanks, 7Sc; Ogon Plums,
85c: Sa'tsuma. S6c; Hale's early. 73c.
BOSTON, July 11.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California "fruit at auction to-day, realiz
ing the. following prices: Wickson Plums. $1 60
02 35, average $191; Bartlett Pears, half
boxes, $1 75@1 95, average $1 SO: Tragedy
Prunes. Soc@Sl 25. average $1 OS; Earl Craw
ford Peaches, average SI 12; Peach Plums, B.c;
St. John Peaches, S3c: six cars Fold to-day.
PHILADELPHIA, July 11.— Burbank Plums,
Sscfisl 60, average $1 45; Tragedy Prunes. SI la©
1 25 average $1 20; Hale's early Peaches. 60c<(j>
il 10, average 93c; seven cars sold to-day.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, July 11.— CATTLE— was a
fairly active demand to-day at steady prices.
Good to fancy brought J5 3005 90; commoner
grades S4 65@5 25; stockers and feeders, $3 503
6- bulls, cows and heifers, $2 25@'» 15; Texas
steers, *4 €5@5 30; calves, $4ffi7.
HOGS— There was a big demand and prices
advanced &@loc. The average quality was
poor. Light hogs sold at $4@4 15; mixed lots,
$4@4 17*; heavy, $3 9604 15; culls and rough
lots, $2 &o<@3 85; pips, $3 So@3 85.
SHEEP— Prices ruled about steady to-day.
Spring lambs were salable at $4(jx4 25 for culls
up to $6 50@6 95 for the better class. Sheep
were in demand at $2 75®4 25 for ewes up to
15 for good fat sheep: yearlings, $5 4006 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 3500; hogs, 20.000; sheep,
7000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, July — The wool market this
week continues strong and values are fully
maintained. The demand Is fairly good, but
represents speculative purchases by dealers as
well as buying for manufacturers. The bulk of
the business doing Is yet in Territory grades.
Including California, Texas and Oregon. The
total sales of these wools for the week footed
up to about 3,500,000 pounds, and the price ob
tained Is better for the good wools. For good
lots containing a fair amount of staple the
market is quotable on the scoured at 48@50c
for fine medium and fine, with choice staple
lines at &2©54 c. , ._.._,
Fleeces are quoted higher and some sales
have been made at the advance, but Territory
wools have had the bulk of the business for
many months past. Washed fleeces are quoted
about 1 cent higher in sympathy with other
: wools. Pulled wools hold firm, with prices
hardening on the finer grades, but coarser
wools are yet quieter.
Quotations— Unwashed medium, etc., Mis
souri quarter blood combing and clothing, 21@
22c; three-eighths blood, 21*@22*c. Territory
wools — Utah, Wyoming, fine medium, 15@17c;
scoured. 47<&50c: Montana and Dakota, fine me
dium and fine, 16@18c; scoured, 4S@soc; staple,
62®54c; No. 3 medium, 17Q>19c; scoured, 434J45c.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
_____
LONDON, July — There was a good attend
ance of buyers at to-day's wool auction sales.
Scoured merinos were in small supply, but
were strong In demand at hardening rates.
Fine crossbreds were eagerly taken. Low
I grades In large supply, dragged and were fre
i quently withdrawn. One thousand bales of
l Geelong New South Wales wool from America
' was offered, but half withdrawn owing to
'< insufficient bids. The number of bales offered
; aggregated 12,382.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
I LONDON, July 11.— Consols, 106%; silver.
i 27 a id; French rentes. 101 f 10c; wheat cargoes
! off coast, buyers Indifferent operators; cargoes
on passage, rather easier; Walla Walla, 295;
: English country markets, quiet: Indian ship
ments of wheat to United Kingdom, 186,000; do
I Continent, 32,000.
LIVERPOOL, July WHEAT— No.
! 1 standard California, 6s 2d'g6s 2*d ; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady: French
country markets, steady; weather In England,
I heavy showers.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 11-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 1 red Northern Duluth. dull,
6s. Futures, quiet: July, 6s 9d; September, 5s
10% d: December, 6s %d.
CORN— American mixed spot new, firm, Ss
4*d; July, steady, 3s 44d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull, 7s 9d;
No. 1 California, 6s 2d®6s 2*d.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days,
! 240,000 centals, including 195.000 American.
! Receipts of American corn during the past
I three days. 35.500 centals.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
I PORTLAND. July 11.— Clearings, $376,502;
j balances, $69,927.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.-
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 11.— The outlook for a
dragging wheat market until the turn of the
I year is dally becoming more sure. Walla Walla
can still be worked at 58@584c, valley at 59*0
and bluestem at 61@€2c.
Cleared— steamer Lennox,- for Hong
kong and way ports, with 46,430 barrels flour,
200.000 feet of lumber and a miscellaneous
cargo. WASHINGTON. '£ } :-i
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., July 11.— Wheat— 68c;
BluesUm] 610.
a ■
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — f* £5
Sterling Exchange, sight  — * °' +
Sterling Cables — * °°*
New York Exchange, sight — ™,
New York Exchange, telegraphic — rf J~}i7?
Mexican D011ar5.....: - 50@50£
Fine Silver, per ounce — bt> '*
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— market Is very
stiff and rising. Wheat «hips now command
?2s id, and a Barley ship has been taken at j
355. The demand for tonnage is good, and the |
situation is largely with the ships. The cnar- ;
tered Wheat fleet in port has a registered ton
nage of 41,600, against 9500 tons on the same ;
date last year; disengaged, 7600 tons, against
18,300; on the way to this port, 212,230 tons,
against 222.250. , „
WHEAT— The Afon A!aw takes for Cork .3,
--001 ctls, valued at $83,130. ■ .
The market continues tame and uninterest
ing. Chicago was dull without guiding indi
cations. The bears had the advantage and
hammered the market more or less. The bear
sentiment seems to be growing on account of
the lack of speculative support. The casn de
mand is poor. .
The local situation is governed by th« otnera
and shows no change. ,
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 08%@l 10; milling;.
$1 12Vt@l 15.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
4000 ctls, $117%. • • '" . . '._„ :
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls. $1 17%.
Regular Morning Session — December— 26,ooo
ctls. $1 vnk.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000ctls, $1 17H!
22,000, $1 17%.
BARLEY— market Is steady at previous
prices, but the feeling is quieter. The snip
pers are out of the market, saying that they
are stocked up. Spot stocks are light. Another
ship has been taken for Europe. ._, __.
Feed, new, 95@97Hc: Brewing, $1 £2^@l 07%,
old Brewing, $1 0561 10; Chevalier, $1 12H®1 «>
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sale*.
Second Session— Seller '99. new— ctls,
89 '-to; 2000, S9&c; 2000, S9»ic; December— 2ooo,
92i,ic.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls.
89»iic; 2000. R&T4.O; 12.000. 90c.
OATS— Offerings of new to arrive are free,
but the actual stock on the snot Is extremely
light. The demand for immediate delivery is
quick, but lots to arrive are not wanted. Prices
show little change. Quoted at $1 1001 22V4 for
new red and $1 3r.«l 50 for old.
CORN— market continues dull and fea
tureless. Small round Yellow, $1 30@l .to;
Eastern large Yellow, $1 10*81 12' 2 ; TYhlte. $1 10
©1 16; mixed. $1 10 per ctl; California White,
* RYE— $iy-<d%\ 02M1 per ctl for old. New Bold
97Hc. The market is very quiet.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6053 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras, $?, 40@3 55; Oregon
and Washington. $3 4063 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25<53 40 for bakers' and $2 25(9'3 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 50: Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal. $4 6004 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 2603 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4«f4 25; Cracked Wheat, »3 75:
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 55#6 95: in sacks, $6 35<5^i 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay were light again and clean
ed up quickly under a continued good demand
from the small dealers. The feeling was rather
firm than otherwise, and an occasional car of
Oats brought $8 50. Alfalfa continues remark
ably scarce and high In comparison with grain
descriptions.
Bran. Middlings and Rolled Barley are firm
and unchanged. ■
BRAN— 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $21 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27028; Jobbing,
$28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake. $20«21: Cornmeal,
$23 50*524 50; Cracked Corn. $24^25: Mixed Feed,
JIM is. Cottonseed Meal, $24®26 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $S<§9 50 for good and $10 for
choice; Wheat and Oat. $B®9; Oat, $7 50<gS 50;
Barley, $5@7; Alfalfa, tt&l 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2O@4Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The demand for Beans continues, but Is
chiefly speculative. Prices have a rising tend
ency. Seeds are dull and unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 90(g2; Small White. $2@
2 15: Large White. $1 60©l 75: Pinks, $2@2 10;
Reds, nominal: Blackeye, $4 10@4 2:-: Butters,
nominal; Limas. S4®4 10; Pea. $2 1092 25; Red
Kidneys $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. 2»i@3c: Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2 a 4 c per lb: Alfalfa. 9@9V4c: Rape, 3®3Vsc;
Hemp. 4K®4%c; Timothy, 4%©6»4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 25@1 50; Green. $1 60
©2 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The market for all descriptions remains about 1
the same, with the usual slight daily varia
tions. Vegetables are in good supply and To
matoes are weaker. Potatoes are steady, and
there is no lack of Onions.
POTATOES— Peerless. $1 75(5 2 In boxes and
$1 60@l 75 in racks; Early Rose, $1 T.V'i! 80;
Burbanks, $1 8602 10 in boxes and $1 60&1 75 In
sacks on the wharf.
ONIONS— New, IDG 35c per sack for red and
SO^'-'.c per ctl for Silverskins.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 75c@$l 60 per box
for ordinary and $1 7j@2 25 for fancy; Rhubarb,
25@50c per box; Green Peas. 2' a c per lb; String
Beans, 3(8 4c; Cabbage, 5" C ; Tomatoes, 25@40c
per box; Rivers, $1: Stockton. $1; Egg Plant,
sffloc per lb; Green Okra, $1 per box; Garlic,
2UZc- Green Peppers, 7."0f/$1 fcr Chile and 75c@
$1 25 per box for Bell: Carrots, I*o4oo per Back;
Sacramento and Marysville Cucumbers. 25c per
box: Bay Cucumbers. 60@65c; Summer Squash,
35®C0c for Bay; Green Corn, 50c@$l per sack
for Vacavllle and $1111 25 per crate for Bay.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern sold at 12(i?14o for
Turkeys, $4 for Ducks and Broilers, $1 25 for
Geese, $6 50®7 for Hens and $5 5006 for old
Roosters. : : -'^! ;; ,-'
Local stock was firm, choice young Poultry
being in especial demand.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@l2c for Gob
blers and ll@l2c for Hens: Young Turkeys, 16
<S18c; Geese, per pair, $I@l 25; Goslings, $125
<Slso' Ducks, $3 50®4 for old and $4@5 for
young- Hens, $4 6006 50; young Roosters, $6<g>
7 60; old Roosters, $4 50@5: Fryers, $4 50(55,
Broilers, $3 50® 4 for large, $3@3 60 for small:
Pigeons, $1 26©1 50 per dozen for old and $1 25
'a 1 75 for Squabs.
Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter Is firm at the advance. Eggs are get
ting scarce, and are still higher. There are a
good many Eastern In storage, but the price
has not yet got up to the point where they can
be taken out at a profit. Cheese Is steady.
BUTTER— „ '.-.
Creamery — Fancy Creamery. 20c. with sales
at 21c; seconds. 19c.
Dairy— Fancy, 17%@lSc: good to choice, 16@
17c; store. 145?15c per lb. ; " '':','2l
CHEESE— mild new. SV4c; old. 7%@Sc;
Young America, 8%09c; Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 16®17%C for store and 19®
21'-,c per dozen for ranch: Eastern, 16@17c for
No. 1 and 14@15c for seconds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches. $20 for frees and $30 for clings; Apri
cots, $35@50 per ton. according to size and qual
ity and district: Bartlett Pears, $40@50 per ton;
Green and Yellow Plums, $20@25c per ton.
The car of Watermelons from Fresno is sell
ing at 15(g20c apiece from second hands. The
other melons are weaker and quiet.
Peaches were slightly off, but the demand for
Apricots was as lively as ever, and they were
firm. Plums were In good supply and weaker.
There were more Bartlett Pears on the mar
ket ■ ' ' ' '-■ ' "'
Grapes continued slow. Nectarines were
quiet. M , . ,
The berry market was In fair shap© and
prices were steady.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— __ fc __,
Apples. 35c<g$l per large box; Crabapples, 40 !
©60c for small and 76c#$l per large box.
BERRIES — Blackberries, $3@4 per chest;
Strawberries, $sfg6 per chest for small and $2
©3 for large berries; Raspberries, $3 50@a.per
chest: Logan berries. $5© 6 per chest.
Cantaloupes, $101 25 per box and $2 25@3 per |
crate; Nutmeuß, per box and per
CI Grapes, black and white. 75c@$l per crat«.
Currants, $5@6 per chest. •
Cherries. 50cg$l per box for all kinds.
Green Pears, 60@$l per box, according to
size: Bartletts, $1(&1 25 per box.
Nectarines, 605 60 c per box for white and 75c
°Flbs. '30«f40c for single and 75@S5c per box
for double layers of black and 26@30c for white.
Apricots, Golg9oc per box. _^_
Peaches 25(540c per box and 20<J?30c per bas
ket: Crawfords, 60@75c per box and 35550 c per
basket. __ «r^-»«
Plums, 25@40c per box; Prunes, 25<560c per
"ciTRUS FRUITS— Seedling Oranges. 50c@
$1 50; Valenclas. $I@3; Lemons, $.101 50 for com
mon and $2'a2 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $4; California Limes, 25@500 per small
box; Bananas. $1 50@2 60 per bunch; Pineapples,
$l(g2 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS . AND RAISINS.
Apricots are firm, with an upward tendency.
Apples are tending downward. A slight ad
vance in Peaches is noted. There Is nothing
said about Prunes, Pears or Raisins.
The demand for Honey Is quiet. No prices
for new Nuts have yet been announced.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 64 for 40-60* s, 5c
for EO-60's, 4c for 60-70' s, 3V4<S3*ic for 70-80*8,
2%@3Vio for 80-90's, 2%@-%c for 90-100's and
24i'2Vic for 100-110' s; Plums, nominal, l&c for
unpitted and 4>^i@6c for pitted.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Apricots, 9*^@
10V&C for Royals; and lI%OISHC for Moorparks;
Peaches, 7%©BHc: Evaporated Apples, S&eg&c.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, E%c for four-crown, 4V4@6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes. 2%<a 3c. .
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, s@Bc
jtor bwdabeU, 10® lie tor sofuhell; Coilo Wai*
nuts, ll@12c; Almonds, B@9o for hardshell, 120
13c for softshell, 14@16c Tor paper-shell, pea
nuts. 6@7c for Eastern and 4V. i '&sc for Califor
nia: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5. , ft . ,
HONEY-Comb, lie for bright and 10c for
light amber; water white extracted. 6%@7":*c.
light amber extracted, 6U@6'ic; dark, 6(8 I
per lb. -
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The market is active and firm, with an ad
vance in Bacon. Hams continue to lead in ac
"cURED MEATS-Bacon, B%c per lb for
heavy, 9@9^c for light medium, lie for ug iii.
12»jc for extra light and 13c for sugar cured.
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%<3>13c; Califor
nia Hams, 12@12',4c; Mess Beef. $13 per r bbl.
extra Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef, $l*@lo f
extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear. $16 50.
mess. $16015 BO; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD- Tierces quoted at 6%@a%c per lb for
compound and 6»4@7c for pure; half carrels.
pure. 7^c; 10-lb tins. 7%©Be: 5-lb tins, S®»^c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6\fi6^»c; packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb palls, 60 in a case. 9 l 2 c.
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case, SM:c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case. S?sc: 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 In a ease, 7%c; wooden buckets. 2U
lbs nef, 8'~c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7;»c; hall
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7?ic.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hops can be sold at 12%0 for future delivery,
but the growers decline to accept this figure.
The advance in Wool has checked the de
mand, and the market Is quieter. Several de
scriptions are marked up, as will be seen.
The circular of Sumner &. Co. says of Hides.
"The Hide business has been quite acme
during the last month. Sales have been made
readily at advanced prices, and tanners have
bought freely, and as the inferior and lower
grades of Hides have been shipped to the east
ern market, there is little or no surplus stock
in the market. Harness and skirting leather
have 'been selling readily for the past few
months, and the better grade of Hides those
that are well taken off and free from brands
and damage, command liberal values. «et
Salted Heavy Steers are in demand _ for har
ness and. skirting leather. Wet Salted Medium
and Light Steers are active. Wet Salted Cows
tell readily at full prices. Wet baited Kip
Veal and Calf are very firm and rule at tun
rates. Dry Hides are firm. The prices for Dry
Flint Hides are very close to the values which
are obtainable In the East. Deer Skin* are
more active and values are made at higher ng
ures than before. We quote the summer and
medium skins in demand, and the winter poor
and thin skins are fairly active. Goat Skins ,
are very quiet, but small quantities come to
this market, and at present rew Goat bKins
as a rule are tanned in California.
••During the past month Tallow has been
somewhat weaker, owing to large supplies com
ing in from California and the neighboring lo
calities. The market, however, la well sus
tained and prices firm, and In all probability
the present values will continue for some time
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10@l0%c; medium. &o»%ci IB"1 . »c.
Cowhides, 0c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, fcj Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c: culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal. 16c; dry Calf, l.c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@30c each; short
Wool, 35@60c each; medium. 70©90 c; long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2&2 2o for
large and $1 2601 50 for small; Colts, 26060 c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4%c per lb; No.
2 3<S3^c; refined, : grease. 2(&2V4c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months, lie; Foothill and North
ern free, lK«14e; Foothill and Northern defect
ive, 9*s lie; Nevada, Il(gl4c; San Joaquin Foot
hill free, 10ral2c; do defective. S@9c; Humboldt
and Mendocino. l«%018c; Valley Oregon. l.<3>
18c; Eastern Oregon, 12@140 for choice and 9y>
ll%c for fair to good.
HOPS— crop, 13@17%c per lb.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are scarce and firm at the advance.
Veal continues high. There is no change in
Beef or Mutton. „ ,
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— per rb for Steers and 6>. 2 ®.c
for Cows.
VEAL— S@llc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, >%07c; Ewes. «c per It.
LAMB— 7H©Bo per lb. .-,_.„ ,„„
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%c for small, 5%<36c for
medium and 6Hc for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, B^c; dressed Hugs, 7<gSVio.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— market continues very firm, with
free purchases on Oregon and Washington ac
count, owing to the non-arrival of the Mac
duff. Calcutta Grain Bags, l>Vzc; Wool Bags,
26<8"2Sc; San Quentin Bags, $4 96.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton $8- Southfleld Wellington, *7 60; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; WaUsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $8 50 in bulk, and $9 00
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Ess. »14
t'annel, t* 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacks. .. 
Harrison's circular says: "Since the Ala
meda left the following vessels have deliv
ered coal cargoes from Australia: Benares,
2365 tons; Springburn, 4131 tons; Amiral Troude,
2577 tons; Kufua E. Wood, 2120 tons; Hecla,
2132 tons; total. 13,325 tons. The number of
vessels chartered in Australia to load coal for
here Is about the same as when the last mall
left, footing up about 92,000 tons capacity. A
number of these will not arrive here this year.
The principal activity in the fuel line for the
moment Is the demand from Honolulu, engage
ments having been made this week for sev
eral vessels to load Colonial coal for Honolulu
into May. 1900. This strongly evidences the
scarcity of tonnage for early loading there,
and will divert orders to the British Columbia
collieries for early loadings to Hawaii, for
which extreme prices will be procurable. Busi
ness locally Is fair, and prices are well sus
tained. Coal freights from Newcastle and Syd
ney are firmly held, so that any cheap fuel
from those sections cannot be looked for for
several months at least. Outward grain freights
are strengthening, which should in ordinary
seasons cause an Influx of low priced coals,
but there seems to be a very active demand
for tonnage all over the world, hence this will
not be the year for low freights from any
sections." ' . '
CORDAGE— 12c; Bisal, 11 Vie; Bale
Rope, lie; Duplex, 10Hc basis.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 75@S5c; As
paragus, $1 60 (j2 S5; Tomatoes, 80085 c
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $1 75@2 30 for
black and $1 75@2 30 for white; Peaches, $1 250
1 65; Pears, $1 45@1 75; Apricots, $1 2001 65;
Plumß, 90e@$l 25.
COFFEE" — Costa Rica — 13%iJj15c for prime
washed- 12Vi@13c for good washed; HV^@l2»4c
for good to prime washed peaberry; 10011 c for
good peaberry; 10012 c for good to prime; 9@9V4c
nominal for good current mixed with black
beans; S(g9'ic for fair; S\i®7c for common to
ordinary. Salvador— lo@l2c for good to prime
washed; S(g9*ic for fair washed; 10%011%C for
good to prime washed peaberry; ""V^Sc for su
perior unwashed; 7Vff"V4c for good green un
washed; 9 l fi9'-c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— 8c nominal for good
to superior unwashed; 9tj9'ic nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican— l4@l6c for prime to fancy washed;
10-8120 for good to strictly good washed; 7-V'"
10c for fair washed; 69itfi-7V<!C for medium; 6©
€>4c for inferior to ordinary; 10®llV4c for good
to prime washed peaberry; S<Go\ic for good un
washed peaberry; 7%@Sc for good to superior
unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Is quoted as follows:
50- IT> bdls. 4c; 100-tb cases, selected, sc; strips,
6%c for Norway, 7c for Narrow-Gauge and So
for Silver King; boneless. 6%c; blocks. 7c for
Seabright; Crown brand Tablets, Sc: Middles,
7c for Golden State and 10c for White Seal;
Desiccated Gilt Edge, per dozen, S7%c.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 25@2Sc per lt>; Sole
Leather, medium, 24@25c: Sole Leather, light.
24(g25c- rough Leather, heavy, 24® 25c; rough
Leather, light, 24<g25c; Harness Leather, heavy,
S2@33c; Harness Leather, medium, 30®32c; Har
ness Leather, light. 29©30 c; Collar Leather, 14
@160 per foot; Kip, finished, 40@50c per lb;
Veal, finished, 60056 c; Calf, finished, 75c® 1 !!;
Sides, finished, 16®17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits 14@16c; Rough Splits, S@loc per It).
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1, 75c;
pure $1 06; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled. 50c;
raw, 4Sc; cases. 5c more; Lard Oil. extra winter
strained, barrels, 54c; No. 1, 46c; cases, 5c
more- China Nut. 45@55c per gallon; Pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels. 50c: cases. 55c; Sperm,
crude 60c: natural white. 40c; bleached white,
Whale Oil. natural white. 37 1 2 c; bleached
white 45c- Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white
and house colors, $1 25^1 35 per gallon; wagon
colors, $2"52 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM; GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil, In bulk, lmc per
1 pallon* Pearl Oil. in cases. . 16Hc; Astral Oil,
16>4c- Star Oil, 16'4c: Extra Star Oil. 20Hc;
Elaine OU.-21V&c; Eocene Oil. lS%c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline. In bulk, 16c; in cases, 21c;
Benzine, In bulk, 15»4c; In cases, 20 Vic: 86 de
gree Gasoline. In bulk, 21c; in cases, 26c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s. 16 oz,
BUc; 6s. 14 oz, 7Hc; 6s. 12 oz. 6> 2 c: 6s, 10 oz,
s^c* 12s 12 oz. 4 c: Granite (Mining) Candles—
6s 16 oz 9%e: 6s. 14 oz. B>.;c; 6s, 12 oz. 7»»c; 6s,
10* oz 6»ic. Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s,
6s white 9%c; 12?. 10% c; colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at s*;@6c; Red Lead
and Litharge. 6*;©6c per Jb. *
TURPENTINE— In cases, 61c; In Iron barrels,
660; In wooden barrels. 58c.
Ll 'COL— Boiled, barrels, 45c; raw, barrels,
43c: capes. 5c more. 'v
QUICKSILVER— S43 per flask for local use
ami $40 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com-
I pr'nv quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags;
! Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6»ic;
Powdered, 6%c; Candy Granulated, 6v»c; Dry
Granulated 6*-4 c; Confectioners' A. 5Uc; Cali
fornia A, Cc; Magnolia A. 4?4c; Extra C. 4%c;
Golden C, 4"Sc; barrels, l-16c more; half-barrels.
Uc more; boxes, '4c more: 60-lb bags. >ic more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. ._ * "•" .
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $16@17; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, $171018 for No. 1 and $15® 16 for No. 2;
Lath 4 feet, $2 20-52 30; Pickets, $18; Shingles,
Isl 50^1 75 for common and $2 73 for fancy;
I Shakes $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic,
$21£27.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, July 11.
Flour qr sks .... 2.952 Leather, rolls ... .97
Barley, ctls 2,445 Wine, gals 34,000
Cheese, ctls 32 Pelts, bdls 1.128
i Butter, ctls 3.'1 Hides. No 1,130
! Tallow, ctls 222; Middlings, sks .. 320
Powder, car 1 Beans, sks 5.566
Chicory, hbls .... 11 Potatoes, sks .... 3.447
! Lime, bbls ...... 91 Onions, sks 535
I Sugar, bbls 25 Bran, sks 275
Sugar, sks 1,912 Hay, tons 439.
Eggs doz 19,650 Straw, tons 30
j Quicksilver, file*. 170 Wool, bags ...... 84*
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a fair business In local securities I
on the morning call, with an advance In Giant j
Powder to J72 12H- The stock advanced to
|73 in the afternoon.
Kining stocks were weaker again, with Ilgni
trading. The telegram from the pump said:
"Elevator No. 1 has been working contlnu- ,
ously. The water rose during the last twenty
four hours and fell again. At 6:30 this morn
ing it was nineteen Inches deep on the floor
of the 1950-foot level station and going down.'
The Challenge Consolidated Mining Com
pany reports $743 cash on hand July 1.
The Consolidated Imperial Mining Company
had a balance of $261 July 1.
The California-street Cable Company's divi
dend of 60 cents per share will be paid to- ,
d£ The Oakland Gas Company will pay a divl- t
dend of 25 cents per share on the 15th
The Pacific and Sunset Telephone and Tele- j
graph companies will pay the usual monthly
dividends on the 15th.
The Crocker- Woolworth National Bank will ,
pay a semi-annual dividend of *4 per share this
"'•The Bank of California will pay a quarterly j
dividend of f3 per share on the l.>th. I
The Marln County Water Company is pa>ing I
the usual quarterly dividend of 75 cents per j
share this month. .
The shipments of ore by rail from the mines
Ol Eureka district. New, for the week ending ,
July 7 were as follows: Diamond mine. W.iw
pounds; Eureka Con.. 289.570; Eureka Tunnel,
42,660; Jackson. 33,970. From Hamilton-* . or
nell. 32,710; Imperial and Fay. 35.440; McEllln,
E9.250; Roceo-Honiestake, 119.430. !
At a special meeting of the stockholders or
the Ivanhoe Mining Company on Monday it
was voted to diminish the capital stock from
$250,000. divided Into 2500 shares of the par
value of $100 each, to $2*oo, divided Into 2dOO
shares of the par value of $1 each. *
The official letter from the Sierra Nevada
mine for the past week states that on the 140
--foot level the south drift from the main west
drift was extended during the past week 1.
feet, making its total length 150 feet. The face
Is In clay and porphyry-. They have completed
repairs where needed and started west cross
cut No. 2, opposite east crosscut No. 2. and
advanced the same 8 feet. The face Is In
quartz and porphyry- No work was done in
the mine on July 4 and 5. 900-foot level— The
I north drift from west crosscut. No. 2 has been
extended during the week 5 feet, making a
i total of 100 feet. The face Is In porphyry and
clay.
An application was made yesterday to have
the stock of the Makawell Sugar Company
listed on the Bond Exchange. The company
has a capital of $5.000, 000 In 100,000 shares of
the par value of $50 each, of which 35,000 full
paid shares have been issued, the remainder
being held. The directors are James T. Alex
ander. H. P. Baldwin, I. Strassburger, Wll-
I Ham Alexander, H. F. Allen and W. H. Chick
erlng. The new company has already declared
a dividend of 40 cents per share, which will be
paid on the 15th. The stock sold at $47 50 yes
terday.
At a special meeting of the committee on
cheap power of the Comstock Pumping Asso
ciation yesterday Charles E. Dutcher, chief
electrician of the Rlsdon staff of engineers in
charge of the pumping plant at the ('. and C.
I shaft, who is also a member of the above com
mittee, was instructed to go to the Truckee
River and inspect the place where parties who
have offered to supply the Comstock mines
with cheap power propose to erect generating
plants.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. July 11. 2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Bonds— Mutual El Co. 15> 2 1 :.■'■,
4s quar coup.. — 112% Oakland Gas.. 47^ —
4s ijuar reg... — — Pac Gas Imp.. — 72
4s ouar new.. — — Pac L Co — 43
3s quar coup.. loß 109 SF G & E.... 70-% 70%
Miscellaneous San Fran 3 ! 2 3%
Cal-st Cab 6s. 113^ — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55.... — 111', Insurance—
EL & P 65....i3nu — Firem's Fund. 22o —
F & Cl Ry 65. 116^118 Bank Stocks—
Geary-st X Ss. — 100 Anglo-Cal .... 63 —
HC & S 5V£5.107% — Bank of Ca1..255 —
LARy 5s — 107V4 Cal SD & T.. 99 99*4
L A LCo 65.. 99 — First Natlonl.22o —
Do gntd Cs.. 9'J — Lon P & A....129V& —
Do gntd as.. — 103 Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st 65..126U — Nev Nat 8k...180 —
Do l^t M .'.s. . lli> — Savings Banks—
NCN G R Ts.lO'J — Ger S & L...1600 —
N Ry Cal 65.. 112 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N R of Cal 63.113 114'; Mutual Say.. 35 —
N 1' <: R H T.-.l' -tVO.Vi 8 F Say U... J2Vi —
N 1' CR R 6s. — — S&L So — S6V4
N cal R R ss.Ul — Security SB.— 300
Oak Transt 65. 107% — Union T Co.. — 1465
Om C Ry 65... 127 130 Street Railroads—
P& Cl Ry 6s. — 107l 2 California 116 —
P &O 6s 115 — Geary 50 —
Powell-st 65.. .118 122' i Market-st .... 61ft 6U£
! Sac El Rv 6s. — — Oak SL & H. — —
S F& N P 55. 113 — Presidio — 16
gF & S JV.ib.ll4 115% Powder—
Sierraß Cal 6s.luS< 2 — California — 165
X I' of A Cs-.-llOV* — E Dynamite... — X
S P C 65(1905).112 112% Giant Con Co. 72;4 73^ |
SP C 65(1906). — — Vigorlt 3 3V4
5 P C 65U912).11S 122 Vi Sugar—
6PCIs eg ss. — 108 Hana PCo 17% 17%
B P Br 6s 12". — Haw C&8 C. 99' 5 102
S V Wat 58...116U — Hutch S P Co. 33% 33*4
j S V Wat 45...104 1 8 104\4 Kllauea S Co. 2S 32 !
!S V Wls(com).inni£ _ Makawell SCo 47V» —
Stktn Gas 65..1u2|, — Onomea S Co. 40» 2 40%
Water Stocks— Paauhau S P. 40% 40%
Marin Co 50 — Miscellaneous —
Contra Costa.. 72 73 Al Pac Assn.-in^lH
Spring Valley. — 102 iGer Ld WkS.JBB —
Gas and Electric— I Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Capital Gas... — — 'Oceanic 8 Co. 59% 89%
Central G Co.. — — ;Pac A F A 1% —
Cent L & P... 6 7 Pac C Bor C.133 —
Equit G L Co. 5 s'i'Par Paint Co.. VA —
Morning Session.
Board —
15 Giant Powder Con 71 75
10 Giant Powder Con 72 12^
20 Hana Plantation Co 17 T.i !
60 Hutchinson S P Co 33 574
65 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
SO Market Street Railway 61 25
65 Oakland Gas 4S 00
40 Oceanic S S Co S9 7."»
10 Paauhau S P Co 4" 75
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 70 ."0
60 Spring Valley Water 101 75
IS Spring Valley Water 101 874
6 Spring Valley Water 102 00
$1000 S V Water 4 per cent bonds 104 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Assn US 50
25 Contra Costa Water 72 r,O
50 Equitable Gas 5 12»4 j
20 Giant Powder Con 72 50
45 Giant Powder Con 72 7."
25 Giant Powder Con 73 no
605 Makaweli 47 56
50 Oceanic S S Co 89 75
115 Paauhau S P Co 40 75
40 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 7f> 75
100 Vigorit Powder 3 124
Street—
15 Alaska Packers' Assn 113 50
10 Oceanic S S Co S9 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
F0 Hana Plantation Co 17 75
15 Sprimr Valley Water 102 00
C." Mutual Electric Co 15 60
200 Vigorit Powder 3 12>4
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Hana Plantation Co 17 75
10 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
15 Hutchinson S P Co 33 87 4
15 Oakland Gas 48 00
10 Spring Valley Water 101 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
85 Giant Powder Con 71 50
in San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 70 00
20 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co "n 15
20 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 71 37^
40 Onomea Sugar Co 40 25
50 Vigorit Powder 3 12^
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Giant Powder Con 71 75
20 Giant Powder Con 72 00
20 Contra Costa Water 73 25
60 Onomea Sugar Co 40 r.O
20 Oceanic S S Co 89 6214
40 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 70 62Vi
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha Con 05= 300 Ophlr 1 05
100 Chollar 25 mo Savage X !
200 Crown Point .. 26 250 Sierra Nevada. 61
600 Hale & Norcrs 36 50 Sierra Nevada. 60 i
200 Justice 09 200 Union Con 39 j
200 Occidental 22 270 Yellow Jacket. 34
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 29 100 Ophlr 105 !
200 Best & Belcher 52 2PO Savage 24 '
40" Chollar 23 100 Sierra Nevada. 60
200 fhollar 22 300 Utah 14 !
200 Mexican 54/
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Challenge Con. 30 800 Ophir 100
100 Con Cal & V.2 07'< i 200 Ophlr 1 02W
1 100 Con Cal & V...2 05 2«0 Pi.tosl 45
100 Con Cal & V.2 02^ 200 Potosl 43
1400 Con Cal A V...2 00 800 Potosl 42
200 Con Cal & V.I IVU 400 Sierra Nevada. 63
200 Crown Point... 25 200 Sierra Nevada. 62:
200 Gould & Curry 3S 200 Sierra Nevada. 60
3f>o Mexican 64, 600 Utah 14
300 Mexican 55 *
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia 66! 50 Occidental 21
200 Chollar 24 1 350 Ophlr 1 02%
200 Chollar 22 1 800 Overman 11
400 Chollar 231 400 Potosl 43
500 Con Cal & V...1 95 300 Potosl 41
200 Con Cal & V.I 97 1 , Mt Sierra Nevada. ISO
400 Gould & Curry 38 SOO Utah 13
400 Justice 08 200 Yellow Jacket. 32
1 200 Mexican 64
i CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, July 11— 4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
i Alpha — 06 Justice 07 OS
■ Alta 07 09 Kentuck f>2 M
1 Andes 17 18 Lady Wash 01 02
> Belcher 27 28 Mexican 5S 64
I [Best & Bdlcher S2 64 Occidental 22 2S
Ttniuon OS 03 Ophlr 100 105
Caledonia .... 63 ,64 Overman 12 14
Chnllar ......... 23 2« Potosl 41 42
rhal enge Con.. 26 28 Savage ......... 23 2+
Confidence ..... - *> Scorpion 02 CJ
Con Cal & Va.l 95 200 Seg Belcher ... 06 OS
ron Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 59 60
C?own Point ..24 26 Silver Hill .... 01 03
FurekaCon.. — "0 Syndicate — 05
Co ™N*w York. - 04 Standard _2 50
chequer .... - ° 4 st - Louls - 16
GouK Curry 38 39 Union Con .... 37 38
Sat. & Norcrs 35 — Utah 13 15
JuHa *."?_™ 02 03 Yellow Jacket. 32 33
Given an ay with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
The pina cloth of the Philippines is
made from the fiber of the pineapple
leaf. The cloth is very expensive.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survpy—
Time? and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
| the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
I twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
i the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. JULY 12.
Sun rises » 4:58
Sun sets 7:3]
Moon sets 9:47 p. m.
O Tlmel iTimel iTlme! [Time;
5. Ft. Ft. ! - -| Ft. Ft.
" H W L W |H W L W
12 ... 1:40 4.8 8:02 0.5 8:00 5.2 MS 2 3
18 ... 2:30 4.3 8:35 0.9 3 ■!1 2 0
14 ... 3:24 3.9 9:11 1.4 4
15 .. 4:33 3. Si 9:50 1.8 4:42 5.4 11:40 I.J
16 ... s:sft 3.4! 10:3Sl 2.41 5:25 5.5
LWjHW L W H W
17 ... 0:40| 0.7; T :Ti> 3.4 11:31 2.8 tl2 FT
18 ... l:40| 0.2' SioSi 3.7| 12:36J 3.0j 7:04; 6.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
j the early morning tides are given in the left
] hand column and the successive tides of the
j day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
■ and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Const Survey charts, except
j when a minus sign — ) precedes the height,
| and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
Reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
I Lnrlla lYaquina Bay 'July 12
; Mackinaw iTacnma [July 12
. Newhure Oray3 Harbor ijuly 13
| Portland [St. Michael July 13
Bonlta iNewport IJuly >3
Aloha iPoint Arena ..I.Tuly 14
State Callfornla:Portland July 14
Point Arena IPoint Arena (July 14
Weeott iHumboldt iJuly 14
Homer St. Michael fJuly 15
Santa Rosa Pan Pipsro I.Tuly IS
Pomona iHumbolrU IJuly 18
America Maru.. China an<l Japan July 16
Coquille River.. 'Grays Harbor !July 16
Pity of Puebla. 'Victoria & Puget SouncJ ! July 16
Cleveland 'Piißet Pound IJuly 16
North Fork IHumboldt IJuly lfi
Arcata Cooa Hay IJuly I<l
Wellington Departure Bay 'July 14
! A. Blanchard...!Coos Bay 'July It
Coos Bay [Newport July IT
Crescent City.. Crescent City July IT
Fulton Portland IJuly 11
Columbia Portland Muly 19
Corona 'Pan Diepo IJuly ll>
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
! Destination.
Sails.
I,nella ITillamook 'July 12. 3 pmPler 3
Mariposa ..|Sydney ] July 12, 10 pnv Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland 'July 1-. l'> am.lMer 2*
Pomona [Humboldt |Ju!y 13. 2pm
! Corona ;San Dleso July IS, 11 am Pier U
I Coptic IChlna&Japan July 14. 1 pm PMSS
j^Vloha IPolnt Arena. .'July 1". 3 pm'Pier 3
Tmatilla ...Vic & P^t 3d. I July IS, Ht am Pier 9
Bcnita 'iNewport July 15. >am Pier 11
Weeott KumboUit 'July IS, 2 pm Pier 13
Portland ...St. Michael. ..July ir., Ipm
A Blanch'rt'fnos Bay July 17. Epm Pier 13
State of Car Portland Uuly 17. Id nm Pier 24
Pt Arena. . ! Polnt Arena. .July 17. 2pm Pier 3
j Santa Rosa' San Piesro July K. 11 am Pier U
i Pan Juan.. Panama July 18. U m PMSS
! Arcata ICooa Bay .Tulv 18. 1" am Pier W
j rnos Bay... Newport July 19, 9am Pier 11
' Coquille R.'Orays Harbor July 1? i
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrosrraphlc Office, T.T. S. >* Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
July 11. ISOS. :^ v^
The time ball was dropped about one (1) sec
ond late to-day. Error due to a fault in th«
signal. ' C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N. . in charge.
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
No.
in the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Alta
Gould & Curry....
Con. Imperial
Best & Belcher..
Justice ••••.
62
M
42
67
65
7:>
..June 22!.. July 17 06
..July 3!. . July 27| 10
...Tiiiy i7i..Aiicr i«l m
'..July 30!.. Aug. 23! 10
I..AU?. s'. .Aug. 291 10
..Aug. 6 ..Aug. 2S| 15
Ophir
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, July 11.
Ptmr Sunol, Lieblgr, 70 hours from Grays Har
bor.
Ptmr Czarina. Scamnn, 96 hours from Seattle.
Stmr I'matllla, Cousins, S8 hours from Vic
toria nri'l Puset Pound ports.
Ptmr Corona. Debney, 61Vi hours from Baa
Diego, etc.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, 17H hours from Eu-
Aus stmr Slam. Ralcich, 90 hour* from Na
naimo.
Rr stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, 86 hours from De
parture Bay.
Ptmr Noyo, Johnson, 15 hours from Fort
Pchr Mary C, Madsen, 8 hours from Fort
Ross.
Prhr Reliance, Nordllng. 17 hours from Iver
jens Landing.
S.-hr Charles E Falk, Brown, 61 days from
Muiifanua, Samoa.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, July 11.
Ptmr Columbia. Green, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Nay Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, July 11.
Stmr Weeott, Dunham, Eureka.
9tmr Alcatraz, Carlson, -.
Ptmr Sequoia, Thwing, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall. Pan ivdro.
Ptmr Arvata, Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka.
Ptmr Gipsy. Shea, Baßta Cruz.
Stmr Conemaugh, Roberts, Manila and Hon»»
lulu.
Stmr Westport, Peterson. .
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr Panta Cruz. Glplow, Lnrapoc.
Bktn Chehalis, Simnnsen. Columbia River.
Schr Nettie Low, Low. Point Reyes.
Rchr Corinthian. Korth. Bowens Landing.
Ship Charmer. Pavls. Port Angeles.
Schr Nettle Sundbor», Nelson, .
Schr Free Trad.-. Thcwea. .
CHARTERS.
The Cypromene Is chartered for barley to Eu
rope, 35s— an advance.
The Hecla loads lumber at Tacoma for Syd
ney. 455; Osorno. lumber at Port Blakeley for
Valparaiso, 42s 6d.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 11 M p m— Weather
foggy; wind west; velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed July 11— Stmr Whitea
boro, for Port Harford.
Arrived July 11— Stmr Alcazar, hence July 10.
CASPAR— SaiIed July 11— Stmr Cleone, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived July 11— Stmr Pasadena.
from Ventura.
Sailed July 11— Schr Lizzie Vance, for San
Diego; schr Robert Lewers, for Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 10— Schr
Eric, from Taku.
REDONDO— SaiIed July 11— Schr Reporter,
for Grays Harbor.
FISH ROCK— Arrived July 11— Schr J Eppln
ger. hence July 9.
ASTORIA— SaiIed July 11— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, for Grays Harbor.
Arrived July 11— Schr W F Jewett, henc*
June 27.
BRISTOL BAY— Arrived May 27— Bark B F
Cheney, hence April ?7.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 3— Br ship Osborne,
from Seattle. July 11— Br ship Fannie Kerr,
from Oregon.
CALLAO— Arrived July B— Br ship Brunei,
from Fraser River; Br ship Drumcralg. from
Port Gamble.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior July 10— Br ship
Montgomeryshire, from Tacoma: Br bark
Woollahra, from Eureka.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 9— Stmr Tacoma,
from Seattle.
HAMBURG— SaiIed July 10— Br ship Reliance,
for San Francisco.
yUEENSTOWN— SaiIed July 10— Ital ship
Francesco Ciampa. for Shields.
HONGKONG— Arrived July 9— Br stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Oregon. July 11— Br stmr
Empress of Japan, from Vancouver.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 11— Stmr Phoenicia,
for Hamburg; stmr Cymric, for Liverpool:
stmr Lahn. for Bremen, ,via Cherbourg and
Southampton.
HONGKONG— Arrived July 9— Stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Portland. Or. etc. July 11 —
Stmr Empress of Japan, from Vancouver, etc.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 11— Stmr Ulto
oU. Irom Boston, for Liverpool.Alameda
LIFE SECRET
REVEALED BY
A BURGLARY
A Deserted Wife in
Distant England.
Penitence and Affection Breathe in
Every Line of a Letter Thrown
1 Away by the
Thief.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 11.
"•That's a chapter of ray life that I
wished to never hear of again." said
Harry Kelly as he walked into the police
station to-night.
And the uphappy romance was all
brought to light by a little robbery that
took place at the Dewey Theater five
mor.ihs ago.
This afternoon a bundle of letters and
an old coat were found near Adams
Wharf. It was at once assumed that they
belonged to some one who had committed I
suicide and were taken to the police sta
tion, where policemen and reporters
delved into the secrets of the owner, who
was supposed to be at the bottom of the
bay. The story of the mystery of the
wharf was soon heard of by Harry Kelly,
property man of the Dewey Theater. He
at once detected som^ similarity between
the recovered articles and - me he had
!'-.st months ago. Especially he remem
bered a letter holding the secret of two
lives and commencing "Dearest Harry."
One glance at the apparent trash was
enough for Kelly. He at once identified
it as that which' was stolen from him.
One Of the letters possessed a strange
fascination for him. He looked over it
carefully and said: "That Is from my
wife. I wanted that chapter of my life
kept a secret."
And this is the letter:
3S Chalkfarm Road. London. N. W.
Dearest Harry: I was so glad to
• hear from yon. I have been worried
while you are all those miles away.
Th^re Is no telling what is happening
to you. The enclosed I cut out of a
paper, and nothing could make me
forget it, for I thought it must be the i
place- where you were. I have gone
aeaily silly thinking about it. Often
'. lav and think of you and cry nearly
tll night, and then I feel so ill and
worn out in the morning, and there is
no or.c I can speak to about it only
Lizzie. You ask me if,l am ill. I am
in mind, and that i? worse than being
ill in body. I am not bodily 111. but I
have r.ot the strength I used to have.
I want to ask you something. Dear,
will you come to me? Only think,
Harry, what It would mean "■ us
both— an end to all this misery of be
ing- rated. Picture to yourself a
comfortable home with a loving wife
to do all for you that she is able to
do* and more even, to make up for all
past wrong. For my sake, dear, give
me some hope. Send me a promise.
I will help you all -I can. Do take care
of yourself, and I will try to do as you
tell me and cheer up. but I shall watch '
for a letter. I should like any style
of photo. Do write by return mail.
Harry, if I could only put my arms
around your neck and kiss you a_s I
used to, I think you would grant the
wish of your ever-loving wife.
EMMA.
With a little encouragement ■ Harry
Kei'y told the rest of the unhappy ro
mance. In 1592 he and his wife parted I
"She did not do right." he said, "and I
shall never go back. It was not my fault.
In her letter she hints at the trouble, but
it is no use. I wanted to forget that."
"But she admits it and offers to make
amends.' some burly policeman sug
gested.
"Yes, but I shall never go back," said
Kelly, who has a strong London accent.
He has an honorable discharge from the
London poll force and one from the
British army.
COLGAN REFUSES TO
SEND COIN FOR TEACHERS
OAKLAND, July Alameda County
schoolteachers may have to wait for their
pay. The deadlock is due to Assessor
Dalton's action in deducting about $600
from the taxes due the State, claiming the
money as commissions due him.
The situation is an interesting one and
will probably have to go to the Supreme
Court, unless the Assessor yields up the
withheld money under protest. Mr. Col
fan will not settle with Alameda Count
because be claims more coin than the
County Treasurer tendered. Alameda
owes the State $61,342, but the Controller
refused to receive it when County Treas
urer Feidler took It to Sacramento. It
■xas brought back to Oakland and is still
in the county treasury.
Yesterday State School Superintendent
Kirk apportioned the money to the vari
ous counties. Alameda's share Is JSI.TSI,
and Mr. Colon has refused to draw the
■warrant until Alameda County has paid
the full amount which he declares is due.
Mr. Dalton says that his attorneys have
sd vised him that he is entitled by law to
the commissions he has deducted and he
proposes to retain them.
THZ WOUND WAS FATAT.
. OAKLAND. July 11. — Bernard Killian.
id who was accidentally shot In the
head near Hay-wards by Joseph Loesh last
Sunday morning, died of his injuries at
r.ary this afternoon. Cor
ner Mehrman has taken charge of the re
mains and has ordered an inuuest to he
held to-morrow afternoon. Deceased was
IT yeai was the son of E. a. KU
liah, residing at 953 Twenty-fifth street.
is a graduate from the St. Francis
and by occupation was a
John Gallagher, the other victim, who
shot in the left eye, is doing as weU
roected, and will recover,
• he will probably los« the sight of
■
the boy who did the
nd who had been held at the
eased this afternoon
on the advice of District Attorney Allen,
all concer: g satisfied that tae
::g was accidental.
Caroline B. Watson's Estate.
and appraisement In the
I the late Caroline B. Watson was
filed yesterday. E. J H. R. Mas
uxd H. J. Lusk. the appraisers, find
the estate to be worth 1217,288. The larg
tems are M 0 shares Spring Valley
• - - stock, valued at $t».6OO: 310
- Ban Francisco Gas and Electric
my. valued at :%3 share*
md Bank of Savings. $12,025; secured
f \V. P. an<! Kila Morgan for $25.
--ropertjr at Fillmqre and McAllister
-. valued at $25.!»"J; property at La
: ' lay street.*, valued at I
I lot at Kearny and Summer streets.
Stole a Horse and Cart.
Watts, alias "'.Barrel" Watts, no
poUce circles, was arrested last
• !■>■ Officers Walsh and Irvine an
_-^<i with grand larceny. Some time
A'atts took a horse and cart, belong
- • one iJ. Smario ami disposed of ...
Italian for Jls. He grave the pur
r ;i bill of sale, which will I •
c against him. Watts derived
ation of "Barrel" from an at
mpt once made by him to drown a small
North Beach by confining said
small boy in a barrel and rolling him into
the bay.
■ ♦ ■ j
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Calf, a
i magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey.
printed in ten color; size 14i21 inches,
■ rt.df for framing. ,
« •-• -a
I NEWS " j
I of the Bay Cities •
HER CHILDISH PLAY
ENDED WITH DEATH
Oak 3 ■ Call,
- - Br • ;■ • '• v 11.
THE snfferinga
_ -
SUBJECTED TO
TORTURE UNTIL
REASON FLED
Cruel Treatment of
Ariosto Rea.
ALAMEDA. July U.— Ariosto Rea, the
> seven-> -.-ar-oM son of ex-City Ti
! Rea. was cruelly tortnn
| Tom Hanlan. a butcher boy. and Frank
Goldstone. a companion, bpth about
eighteen years old. Aa a n suit of the
treatment he received and fright which
followed the threats of the torturers the
lad is temporarily deranged and con
! tinually begs to be protected from his
mentors.
There is no apparent reason for the
J brutality shown by Hanlan and Gold- ;
I stone. The Rea boy had "not Interi
; with, them and was going about his bus:- ;
when they grabbed him and dragged
him Into the butcher shop on Ra
; avenue, near Grand street, where Han
: tan is employed. The place is conducted
by William La Plant, but the proprietor
; was not present at the time.
the story told by the lads
I father, upon which warrant? were issued
i for the arrest of Hanlan and
! they Into a rear room of
i the shop, stripped him of most of his
! clothing" and told him that he was to be
i converted into sausage meat. They then
laid Ariosto on one of the big meat blocks i
EHid while Goldstone held him down Han
i lan began sharpening h!s knife, the in
: human pair keeping up the while a con
! versation calculated to scare the wits out
of their vtctitn.
Telling him that his ears would have
to go first, Hanlan passed the back of
j his knife across the flesh. The boy's
sensations can better be imagined than
ribed. He thought he had been de
prived of his ears and gave a piercing
yell. Fearing that his screams would at
• attention Goldstone held his hand
over the boy's mouth and Hanlan pro
ceeded with "the work of torture.
The back of the knife was drawn over >
| different portions of the boy's body and ;
j after each mythical cut his tormentors
ihly described for h|s benefit the;
ary gashes and th* imaginary blood ;
I that was flowing from them.
So vivid was the description that the >
I boy actually believed that he had been
1 literally cut to pieces and that his life
' blood was rapidly ebbing. Hr was so
tened that his senses left him. When
1 Hanlan and Goldstone found that their
! victim had !o6t consciousness they i
torturing and hastened to revive
A« <=r,nn as he was able to dress himself
i the little fellow was released and ran to
\ his home, about a block away. He warf
! completely exhausted, and it was with
1 difficulty that his father got from him the
■ cruelty to which he had been
! subjected. Mr. Rea at once took steps to
bring about the punishment of Hanian
and Goldstone. They were arrested this
mornir.g. They pleaded not guilty to the
i charges against them and will be
i next week.
The Rea boy has not yet recovered
from his fright. He is almost a mental
wreck. He refuses to go outside of'
1 his father's house and insists that some
i member of the family be with him contin
i ually to protect him from imaginary
I butchers whom he fears are going to
make sausage-meat of him.
Goldstone and Hanlan claim they had
no idea of injuring the boy and were scar
ing him "just for fun."
J. A. Albertson's Will.
The will of Joseph A. Albertsoo, who
died July 7. was filed for probate j
day. Decedent's estate is valued at St">o,
--000. among the assets being cash In bank,
$27 000; lot at 139 Powell street, valu >; at
-> and other properties in outside
towns ' The bequest* art as follows: To
William T. Alb- -' n. a farm near
Healdsburg: to Mrs. Elisabeth Gr*
>;i«trr a bouse ami lor at Kalamazoo.
Mich ' to William T. Albertson, i
office furniture and some Jewelry. Wii!i:im
1" Mb -rtson i? also given the Income oi
half of the estate. Decedent'a irtdow,
Flora E Albertson. Is devised the Income
from the other half, and at her death all
i? to go to the son.
Escaped Prisoner Captured.
Jam*-s Brady, who escaped from the Re
ceiving Hospitai about tbi - ago,
where he was being treated previous to
his Incarceration in the County Jail on a
sentence of six months for vasraa**. •*♦>►
THE SAN FRATs CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 12, 1599.
OAKLAND
Gracie has endured the most fearful
bgoay. From fully half the surface
of her body the flesh was so badly
burned that it fell away, and the lit
tle 4-year-old girl bore her suffering
heroically.
It is a mystery to her parents how
Gracie procured the matches which
caused her death. They have always
been kept cut of the children's way.
and yet the little girl had a handful
on the steps in front of the house last
evening. She was playing with her
older brother when some of the
raptured last evening by Officer W. H.
Young on Clay street and taken to the
California-street station. The information
of his capture was telephoned, to the
County Jail and Captain of the Guard
Louis Sartoris of the Broadway Jail re
moved him shortly afterward from the
station. Bradv's escape was a clever one,
it being through one of the hospital win
dows on the very day when the authori
ties were about to remove him to the jail
to serve his sentence. .
FIGHTING THE POOLROOMS.
Sausalitoans May Vote on the Ques-
tion of Disincorporation.
SAUSALJTO, Ju!v 11.— A petition for
the disincorporation of Sausallto,
I by 192 residents, was handed
in at last night's meeting of the Board
of Town Trustees and referred by Pres
ident Dickinson to a committee of the
whole. The object Ea to destroy local
self-government and In this manner
strike a blow at the poolrooms. Among
those who have most earnestly advo
cated dis: - Won is E. D. Spar
the real estate agent who has ac
-. worked toward that end.
The law is mandatory as regards the
calling of an election to settle the ques
vhen a petition bears the requi
number of signatures, and Spar
asserts that in case the Trustees
endeavor to avoid the issue he will pe
tition to the Superior Court in manda
mus proceedings. J.. H- Pryor. clerk
of the board, said to-day that a good
many persons had applied to him to
have their signatures to the document
stricken out. but that affidavits were
jsaxy before such action could be
taken.
The board is sanguine that enough
names will be withdrawn from the pe
tition to make the calling of an election
unnecessary.
HANNA NOT IN DISFAVOR.
NEW YORK, July 11.— A special to
the Herald from the Isle of Shoal?. N.
H.. says: H. C. Payne, the Wisconsin
member of the Republican National
Committee, said to-day when asked
about Senator Hanna:
"I have observed some discussion in
the press in connection with Senator
Hanna on the management of the next
Republican national campaign, the in
timation being thrown out that there Is
some feeling against him in the na
tional committee. If there is I am not
aware of it. There has been no meet
ing of the national committee, hence no
opportunity for official discussion, and
anything that is said concerning the
sentiment of the committee is purely
conjectural. I have no sympathy with
the criticisms or attacks that have
been made on Senator Hanna. I would
not want to be chairman of the com
mittee."
Oil to Be Used on Roads.
BAKERSFIELD. July 11.— Th- Super
• visors to-day decided to test crude oil
for roadmaking. A mile of the worst
road in the vaßey will be thoroughly
sprinkled with crude oil to set if it ivill
lay the dust and prevent dry rut 3. Some
wells in this county produce heavy r. II
■with asphalt base. This will be used in
the belief that it will form with the dust
and sand on the roads a sort of bitu
minous rock. Reports from Santa Bar-
County, where oil was used this
summer, indicate that it ia a success.
Contest Over Wharf Sites.
SANTA BARBARA, July 11.— There Is
a lively contest on at Summerland be
tween the Oxnard Sugar Company and
J. C LOlis, an oil operator, over the
n of water front property for wharf
purposes. Both have material on the
gn>ur*i ready to begin the construction
-.■ 9, Liilis says the Oxnards cross
the line of his proposed wharf, where he
claims prior rights.
Succumbs to His Injuries.
STOCKTON, July 11.— Charles Huton,
who was injured in a runaway while
working for Cy Iforefns;, the Valley road
contractor, died to-day at the County
i Hospital He was injured internaliy by
the wheels, which passed over his abdo
' men. and suffered intense pain for five
days u/itil death relieved him. He is sup-
I t-> have relatives in San Francisco,
but they have not yet been located.
Gold From Carabaya Mines.
LIMA, July 11.— According to tele
' graphic advices from Carabaya mines,
ninety-two kilos of gold will reach this
! city shortly from the mines. The gold
[ will be coined at the mint here.
H. G. Otis in New York.
NEW YORK. July 11.— H. G. Otis of the
Los Angeles Times is in the city. He goes
to Washington to-morrow and will then
proceed to California, stopping at Chicago
*2> *i— •*■*-
NEWS
% of the Bay Cities *
matches Ignited and her clothing wa3
Instantly in flames. Her little broth
er, with excellent judgment, started to
pull the clothes off her. screaming all
the while for their mother to come to
their assistance. Hl3 hands were bad-
ly burned and once his clothes took
fire, but he continued to tear the
blazing rags from Grade. When Mrs.
Frates came she speedily extinguished
the flames, but Grade was burned
over two-thirds of her body. Dr. Tor
mey djd all that was possible for the
little sufferer, but at once pronounced
the case hopeless and told the heart
broken mother that death was a ques
tion of but a few hours.
A little later Gracie's father came
home and expected the little one to
run to meet him as usual down Al
varado street. A neighbor informed
him of the tragedy and he became
hysterical. Gracie lingered through
the nisrht and at times her lips were
.able to say a few words, but her in
juries were too severe for her to with
stand and this afternoon she breathed
her last.
SHE MAY COME
BACK TO SEEK
BLOODY REVENGE
Madame Montague Is
Coming West.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
MC Broadway, July 11.
Madame Florence Montague, the very
romantic lecturer and former president of
the Oakland Psychic Society, is expected
to return to the coast in a few weeks. One
of her friends, with whom she has con- ■
tinually corresponded, says that the ma-l
ame, who has been to England, might be :
here within a month.
When Madame Montague-Yates arrives
here there is likely to be trouble. Since
she left she has, according to her own
statements, been divorced from Mr. Yates
against her will. There is reason to be
lieve, however, that the madame. when
making these statements, as she had done
very forcibly in her correspondence, has
been romancing, for since her sensational
letter was published in The Call a few \
months Ago, the fees of the attorneys and
the court connected with her divorce pro- i
ceedings have all been paid, which would
not have been the case had the lady not ;
consented.
Am matters now stand, according I
madame's signed statement, she has re
joined her husband from whom she has
been divorced, and she Is harboring
vengeance against those who manipulate!
the separation. Acquaintances of hers in
Oakland and San Francisco, who know
her well, think that her remarkable letter
berating her former friends and declar
ing that Judge Hall was induced to issue
a decree by reason of fraud, must have
been written subject to some "inspira
tion" which does not conform with the
facts.
Madame Montague's attornoy. George
de Golia. says that the legal bisiness has
been closed up and the lady has settled ;
ail the expenses of the contest and that j
he is totally at a losjs to understand what !
she meant by her strange statements.
Should the madame return to Oakland |
her homecoming will be the signal for
, some lively incidents, and it has been pre- {
dieted that her excitable French dispo- j
sition may prompt her to do a little gun- i
nlng. y
SURETY MUST PAY.
Judge Hebbard Decides a Case of In- •
terest to Builders.
A decision of interest to laborers and I
material men was handed down by Judge
Hebbard yesterday in the action of Wil
liam Shaunessy and N. Parrish, under
thr firm name of N. Parrish & Co..
against the American Surety Company.
In fche complaint it was set forth that !
on August fc IM. C W. Tuttle entered !
into a contract with Herbert A. Smith, in
which the former agreed to erect a build- :
ing for the latter in Colusa. the price
being $6600. To insure material men and
laborer* who constructed the building
Smith gave a bond for $l»i50, on which
the American Surety Company appeared
- - ret}-. The building completed, the i
equalisation of accounts showed that '
Smith was indebted to N\ Parrish \
fir the sum of $1217 for material fur- i
nishPd. As this bill was not paid by j
Smith, suit was tiled against the surety ■
company to recover. Aft^r a long tech- i
nical fight the case finally went to trial '<■
rday, and Judge Hebbard after the i
claim had been proved gnve jud^m^nt for !
the plaintiff for $1217 and costs of suit. I
The surety company must now look to ;
Smith for payment.
The points involved in the case, it is
■aid, were never decided in the courts of '
this city before, and hence considerable
Interest attaches to the decisi n.
Assault to Murder.
Eugene Sharp, a private in the Four
teenth Infantry who slashed George
Washington of the Twenty-fourth Infan
try with a razor on Quincy pia<-e. was
yesterday held to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Conlan on the
charge of assault to murder. His bonds
were fixed in $2000.
Murderous Lamp Thrower.
I radius Manning, who threw a burr
in? lamp at his mother on the night of
the Fourth, which struck Mrs. Mary
Kennedy, « visitor, and .caused her death,
a.po«?ared in Judge Conlan's court yester
day. A no complaint had been filed, the
case was continued till to-morrow.
Berkeley
OAKLAND POLICE
ARE PUZZLING
OVER A MYSTERY
Jack Stanton's Skull
Crushed.
Injured Man Walks to the Hospital,
but His Lips Are Sealed and
He Is Unable to Give Ac
count of the Affair.
"Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SQB Broadway, July 11.
An air of deepest mystery, surrounds
the case of Jack Stanton, a roaming
waiter and cook, who at about 7 o'clock i
this morning walked into the Receiving
Hospital to be treated for a compound j
fracture of the skull.
How he sustained the injury that may
prove fatal is not known. When asked
by Steward Borchert, Stanton tried to
speak, but his lips seemed sealed, for the
injury to his brain had affected the nerve
controlling the power of speech, and he
seemed semi-unconscious, though he pos
sessed the presence of mind to hasten to
'. the place where relief might be afforded
him.
: On a slip of paper he slowly wrote these
words rather unintelligibly: "runaway
was in Oakland. J. Stanton." Then his
strength failed him and he dropped the
pencil.
From a wound at the left side of the
head bicod trickled down and was satu
rating his clothes. The case so puzzled
the hospital steward that the latter
promptly summoned Dr. Porter and later
Drs. Milton and Rowe.
After Stanton was put under the influ
ence of anesthetics Dr. Porter laid open
the scalp, when the seriousness of the
Injuri23 appeared. The doctors found very
little hemorrhage. The skull was badly
fractured.- while the wound through the
scalp appeared only as large as a silver
quarter. There was also a slight wound
on the top of his head, It was found nec
essary to remove several pieces of the
shattered bone and about an ounce of
brain matter. The operation lasted over
two hours and the doctors express little
hope for his recovery.
There are many conjectures as to how
Stanton received' his injury, which bears
the appearance of having been inflicted
with a hammer. Then again, it is thoiight
that he fell out of a wagon, his head
striking upon a sharp, small rock. Others
go so far as to say that the element of
murder may be involved.
Stanton was later in the day identified
by Dave Smith, a waiter at the Philadel
: phia restaurant on Broadway, where the
i injured man had been employed in the
same capacity several months ago.
"Stanton was a drinking man," said
Smith "and when in his cups he was ex
ceedingly quarrelsome. I feel almost sure
that his injury is the result of an early
morning right. I had trouble with him
at the restaurant when he worked there
for a short time and that's why he quit
Chief of Police Hodgkins has detailed
Detectives Holland and Quigley to inves
tigate the case, but after working all day
on the matter report it difficult to gather
any facts. No runaways have been heard
of and thus far no one has been found
who can give any facts further than those
already related.
Stanton is about -4 years of age. It is
said that he has a wife living in this city,
but the name "J. Stanton" does not ap
pear in the directory, and he is supposed
to have come here recently from Santa
Cruz, where his father is a printer on the
I Sentinel, and where his mother conducts
the Duncan House. Judging from the
i notes in a diary, found on Stanton, giving
a record of his doings and travels, he has
been wandering all over the State. In his
pockets were also found a comb, cake of
soap, razor and strap, in short, the com
plete outfit of a wanderer of the road.
At the hospital he appeared in a neat
suit of clothes and there was no dirt or
dust to indicate that he had rolled in the
roadway. ,
GAINS FOR SADLER.
Nevada Governorship Contest Near-
ing Its Close.
CARSON, Nev.. July 11.— The testi
mony on both sides in the Governor
ship contest was finished this morning
before the Supreme Court. The attor
neys have been anxious for the nmrt
to appoint a day for the re-exait'un.i
tion of the ballots objected to. The
court appointed Thursday for the re
examination. This will occupy several
days. It is expected the court will
render a partial decision as the count
ing progresses. '-■■', - : -.'-'
During the case Sadler gained four
votes not objected to. and McMillan
three. At the close of the case Sadler
has a clean majority of sixty votes
over McMillan. Sadler has filed 365 ob
jections to ballots claimed to be irreg
ular; McMillan objected to 200 ballots.
The ballots are in the hands of the
court awaiting decision. Should the
red-marked ballots of Storey County be
rejected. Sadler will gain nearly the
majority he had previous to the com
mencement of the contest. Court ad
journed until Thursday.
DEATHS AMONG TROOPS.
Casualty Reports From #the Philip
pines. Cuba and Porto Rico.
WASHINGTON". July It.— The War De
partment has received the following from
General Otis, under date of Manila. July a:
The following deaths have occurred
here' since my last weekly report: Ty
phoid fever— July 2. fharies N. V.'il
«'-ck Company C, First Wyoming In
fantry. July s— Edward Weldon, Com
pany. K. Fourteenth Infantry; William
Miller. Company K. Fourth lufantt:\
July 6— Ermer Stevens. Company G,
Twelfth Infantry. Dysentery— July 4.
Wil'iam H. Hill, hospital corp~; July
5 Thomas W. Petro. Company M.
Fourth Infantry. Drowned. July 5—
Charles Hyatt, sergeant Company K.
Fourth Cavalry.
General Brooke to-day cabled the War
Department from Havana of the death
at Guanianamo of Michael J. Tierney.
Company H, Fifth Infantry, of acute al
coholism, nnd Thomas Kilkeliy. Company
C Fi'th Infantry, of yellow ferer.
"General Davis reported the death of Pri
vate Frank Blake. Company E. Eleventh
Infantry, at Ponce of acute dysentery.
George Crocker's Complaint.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS3O. by Jams Gor
don Bennett.
NEW YORK. July 11.— George Crocker
' of San Francisco to-day secured from
' Justic- Stover of the Supreme Court a
writ of certiorari to review . the action
' of the Commissioners of Assessment in
1 assessing his property at 70 Broadway at
a valuation of .$350,000. Mr. Crocker as
serts that the assessment was unfair, un
equal and disproportionate.
There are nearly IM.MMGO Mussul
; man? under the British flag.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
' COMPACTS 6ENSBALS TRANSATLASTIQC3.
DIRECT LINE to 'HAVRE-PARIS. ~£&^
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. °»- XdLF5Il>
from Pier 42. North River, foot of •*"*•*=»
Morton st. LA NORMAN DIE.- July 15: LA
BRETAGNE. July 22: LA GASCOGNE. July 23;
LA TOURAINE. August 5: LA CHAMPAGNE.
August 12. First-class to Havre. JSS and upward.
5 c-er cent reduction on round trip. Second-
i class to Havre. «3. 10 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
A CO. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery
• are., San Franelaco.
OCEAN T&AVBI*.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
la,/ Steamers leave Broadway
I ipSjha^^ -wharf. San ' Francisco:
j E3QFIK For Alaskan ports. 10 a. rr.. .
I a^PCSiJk Ju! 5 - 15. 15. 20, 25. 30. August.
i i isU^Ss 4 . change at Seattle.
ASmVI For Victoria. Vancouver 'B
iflH^Hn C) Port Towr.send. Seattle. ;
r^^SKvlsM Tacoma. Everett. AnacortM ;
"^"•ttMl and New 'Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m. July 5. 10. 15. 2 1 ). 25. ;
SO August 4. and every fifth day th»reaft«r j
change at Seattle to this company^ steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma M N. P. •
Ky. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Hurnboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Jnlr "t.
S. 13. IS. 23. 28. August J. and every fifth day
tfcer^after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
'■ Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis «">btspo». ;
Gavlota Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenem*.
' San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
i Newport. 9 a. m.. July 3. 7. 11. 15. ». 23. 27. 31. |
: August 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- |
fcrd (San I.u!s Oblspo>. Santa Barbara. Port j
Los Angeles and Red^ndo (Los Angeles). 11 a I
m., July 1. i. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29. August I
I and «-very fourth day thereafter. -
For Ensenada. Maedalena Bay. San Jo« d»i
■ Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
] and Guaymas «M»J.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
' For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
, without previous notice steamers, sailing date«
! and hour* of Failing.
TICKET llfriC'E — New Montcom«rv
: «treet (Palace Hotel)
' GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Art"
It Market st c i- mneliwNi
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
PORTLAND
""-om S[..»-a---i " -• V\ narf at la ti.
C*DC Si 2 Hirst i-!««« lnciadine »err » •
r/ifiC *< >cconl Clntt mil M.-a!*.
• .lumliii fail;' ■■■:■- tX. July 1, 12. -i. ".
State of California tails June 17. 9; July I.
i IT. 27.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Bntt*.
Helena and all Dotnts In the Northwest.
Thrcu*h tickets to all points East.
E. C WARD. Oen»ral A*»nt.
430 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. ,
BoD-r!nten<J»nt
PACIFIC COASTJTEAMSHIP CO.
.'STEAMER UMATILLA,
Sailing from San Francisco JULY 15,
WTTI ronnert at S»att> with the North Ara»rl-
: cm Trading «nd Transportation Company'"
«t-am»r Roanck- for ST. MICHAELS. GOLTs
VIX BAY CAPE NOME and all points on the
rtncoM river.
Through rates quoted, thmtjgh tickets sold.
through bills at lading given.
TICKET OFFICE. 4 New Montgomery «t.
I GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. G*n. Agents.
10 Market ft.. c an Fn»n<"'«eo
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR BT ifICHAJEI* GOLOVIN BAT. '"APE \
NOME, DAWSON AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
The Naw Steamers
BERTHA and PORTLAND
', Will leave San Francisco between lath and
20th of July for above points, making prompt
' connections with our river steamers on th* j
. Yukon River.
For freight, passage and further information |
: apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
310 Sansome st.. San Francisco. Cat
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PABI3.
[ Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
Fmm New Yflrk Kvry We.ln»prlay, in a. m.
St. Paul Tuly r« ' =t Paul August IS
New Ynrk August 2 New York August?
St. Louis August 3 St Louis August 30
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
i Friesland July l?'TVest»rnland ...Aug. I
! Adrla July 2fi| Kensington Aug. 1*
I Southwark- ..August 2 NoordUnd Aug. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
'international navigation company.
30 Montgomery st or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
CTEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
» • ncr First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
; connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
1 India. *tc. No cargo received on board on day
! of calling.
I NIPPON MART" .......Saturday.' July «
I AMERICA MARC Saturday. July 22
j HONGKONG mart* Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
I freight and passage apply at company's office.
t 421 Market St.. earner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ANCHOR LIiNE
I'nited States Mall Stenm*h;-»s
Sail from New York Evrpy .Sntnrdny ro '
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
ta'oon Pasund-. ?5O «nd upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome MS Other Steamers. *3O
Steerage Passage
Rome. ?25.30. Furr:e««ia. $24.50. Other
Strs.. *23."0.
For Book nf Tours and : Information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
General Agents. 7 Bowling Green. New Tor*.
Or J. F. FTTGAZI. 5 Montgomery st..
Or L. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery St..
Or R. R- RITCHIF.. 2 New Montgomery st.
SAN FRANCISCO.
f9H£Slßra4l S. S. Marias* sails
#P^*^SjfilffiHli! via Honolulu and
«W * Tl'fc**" 1 * Auckland for Sydn-5
B^T* *B& _, Wednesday. July 12.
itWJP^f^fn^hn^ at The P S. m - Australia
'Sfpam^hin''' The s - s - Australia
-SJB/ CyiCeUiJlill/ - » a tl* for .Honoluln
i *jfj^^ 'Ofr!^"i'?W~ Wednesday. July 18.
at - p. ni.
Favorit" Line Round the Word. via Hawaii.
I Pamoa, New Zealand. Australia, India. Suez.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
I D SPRECKELS&BROS.CO.. Agts.. 114 Montsomerj
Pior 7 PoM Ps.-ific «t Fl*"-M o*"* .w •»--•-..♦ «:♦.
BAY AND RIVEE. STZAMEK3.
STOCKTON FXCURSIONB.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
i Will leave Washington-street wharf at » v. m
' daily, returnins from Stockton at « 9- m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Kegular st««.Tit>r'.
leav« Wa*hlngtori-stre»t wharf at » p. m.
; daUy <'- A i 'F n OR & NTT^AV. AND IMP. CO.
; Telephone Main 804. -
FOR I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer •'Monticello."
MON. Tues.. Wed. Thurs. and S.-U. at 1 ♦'.
• m.. 1:15, S:SO p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlgnt): . rj.
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. »
c m. Landlcg End office. Mission street Doc*.
pier Nn 5L Telephone Main ASOS.
TARE '-"^
&AXL&OAD TEAVLL.
Santa Fe Route
San Irrancisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
IHt CO\TI\INT.
■ EVERY DAY IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
' PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
• TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
I FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
i MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 3:30 P. M.
1
I DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
1 FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
' EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
" REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES. '.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE. _.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, «2S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 301 J street. ...-.,:;
SAN JOSE OFFICE. "V W. Santa Clara street.
i MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
: Leave San Francisco, via Sausalitu Kerry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1593.;
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
' Extra trip en Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
, day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even- ■
i I ings. Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
1 SUNDAYS. 8. 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:33
'. and 4 p. m.
1 Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return. Jl 40. .
i THOS COOK & SON. Asia.. 621 Market st.
EATXBOAD TRAVEL^
MCTUERS PACIFIC l»JIPl!»T.
(pacific SVSTEX.>
Trains leave j»m«1 iirr an* to arrive a*
KAN HtA.N«IMO.
' (Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
have — From Jcxe 25, 1399. — ak*it»
7-<MIa. Benicia. Sniaun and Sacramento 5:13p
7:«0v Marysrilie. t)ro»llieand Bedding fia
Woodland i*iZ r
' T:OOa Eltnin. VacaTi:> and Enaisey S:43f
7«8«»a Martines;. San Ramon. Valtejo. Napa.
Osiistoga and Santa Rosa Bsiap
SiOOa Atlantic EipreM. og.leu and Kast.. »:43*
»:3«»* Baa Jo«e, LiTermore. .Stockton.
lone, ftacrauH-u:... Pla^ernlle.
M.irjsrii;-. C'lico. Ke-l Bluff -itlSp
*:!«, •Milton. Oak !il>.- and sonora 4:13p
•jUOa Yosemito Vaiiej ria Oikdale and
Chinese 4xl3f
9:OOa Hiywards. Niles and Way Stations. 11:13*
•:OOa Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton. „___
Merced and Fresno.  ltsl»»
»:«u* Freci.o, Bakeraliel-l. Suit* n*rl»ra.
Los Argeles. Derning. El P*ao.
Or!eai,s and East 6:43p
1 0:OO a. Valk-j<\ H*rtln« and Way Stations 7 «43r
1 1 :«O.\ Hajwards, Nilea and Way Stations. 2:43r
I2:«M>X Niles. LJreriuore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, MendoU, Uaoford. V'Uilia,
Pcr.errille .'. <«»»*
•l:OOr Sacramento KiTerStenmera «*:O«p
3:0 Op HajTnrds, Niles and Way Stations. »:43r
4:UUr Martinex. Nan It.uiion, Vallejo.
Nap*. CaiißtOH*. --iujt» Itosa U:13«
4t*«r Benicia. VacaTille. .Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Landing.
MsrysTillo. OroTiiie l«:-t."J»
4:SOp Niles, San Jose aad Stockton 7:1.1p
4:30r Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13»
S:OOpThe Owl. Tracy. Fresno, Bikers-
'.■;■■. field. Saugus for Santa Barbara.
Lcs Anseles. 9:43*
8:3 Op Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:13p
B:80p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno.
Mojaro and l.os Angela Bi43*
s<3op .Saute t» Route, Atlaiilki lUpreas
for Moja»e ami East 6:43r
•»•• r Chicago-San Francisco special. Ogdeu
and Kast 8«4.1p
«:O«p Haywards, Xiles and San Joae 7:43*
••:»l©r Vallejo 12:13*
?:l*Op oreirou lU|irc.<s, s*rr;iHient.i. Marys-
»iile. Uf.l.lini.', I'ortl.iutl. Tuget
.S«»ii»daml liaat 7*43*
fSK>«p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
J_ tlons- >iOf>OP
COAST DIVISION (Narrow <;»««*>!.
' (Foot of Market Street.)
♦7i44a Santa Cmz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations J*i«3»
•:13 a Newark, San. lose. F-!too,
Boalder Creek, Cruz and Way
Stations 3»SO»
•StlSp Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden. Felton, Boolder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations '10:504
4<l3p San Jose. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions. O:2O»
Mi 1 3p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tlops ■ /9:21U
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrmSi* raiBCISCO— Foot «' ttirktt Stre«t (Slip 8)—
v '"IS 9:00 11:00 a.m. tiJC *2:03 t3:C3
•t:CO 15:30 *6:COr.M.
rr.inOilUHD— *oott'3raii»»jr.— -«:00 8^)0 10.00
$i:.M *1:C: t2:C3 '3::3 ti:Ca *3^Sr.«.
COAST 1)1 VISION- <Bro*<l
(Third and TouoaeiKJ St».)
••iIOa Ocean View, Sontli Kan FraociKO.. # 6:8 Op
•7jO«a Han Jose »■>■! Way SUtJuMS (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) «S:OOa
t?:3OA Sunday Kicnreion for Santa Cruz.
.Pacific GroTo and rrinnral Way
Stations {»:»»
IIM4 Han Jose, Tres Pinos. H»lit» Cruz,
Pacific Croia. Paso lt..l>lf«. San
I.iif* Ol»i«u<>. Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations 4:1»p
l«t4«A S«n Jo»e«.ul Way HUtimu 6:33*
I1:3Oa Han Jose ami Way .Station* liSOr
*3t43rSau Ma- ->. Ifedwood. Menlo Park.
Pa?D Alto. Santa Clara. (famJfaMn
Holliater, Sant^ *'n>*. Saiinaa.
Monterey «n<l r»eJoo Orore «lO:3<la
•lir>«p San Ti \m Santa Cruz, Pacific Gm»e •
ami Principal Way StaliiHis. ..'.... *7:3«p
•4:l3pSanJo3esml Principal Way .Stations »:4-^»
•3:OOp Pan Jose and Principal WaySUtioaa •••:33*
3::iOpSanJoaeau.lPrtaci;!sl W»yBtattoui *?:<»»*
6:::«i*Saa Joae *n<! Way Siatintis 3:30p
tll:4->p San .Toe<- Way Stmi"'i« t7.-3Op
AforMoniniC- I* for Aftenionn.
•Sunday excepted. T^unoayonly t Pattinlay onrju
kciftturdai' and Socdtf /Sunday aud Moudaj
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. -
Tiburon Firry. Foot oi Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 13:35,
3:3 Ci, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra tri»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:ii
and 11:20 p. m.
81'NDAYs- 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:80. 3:34,:
S:CO. 6:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
4'>, 5:13 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— s-.l'J, 9:W, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:43, 3:40. 5:05,
8:25 9. :r..
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park
same schedule a» above. ' -
Leave I I Arrive
Ban Francisco. ' In Effect i San Francisco.
. . 1 April ii, U -r^J »
i Week Sun- 1599. » S^a- | Week
Days. i days. Destination. ' jays, j Daya.
7:30 am 8:00 am! Novato, 10:49 am 8:40 am
J:SO pmj S:3O ami Petaluma. . 6:05 pm 10:13 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pmj Santa X .ii. 7:30 pm *:J0 pra
?■ '.", : Fulton.
730 am Windsor, 10:23 ana
Healdsburg-.
Lytton.
Geyservtl'.e.
1:30 pm S:00 am. Gloverdale. 7:33 pm; 8:10 pa
1:30 am; i Hopland and 10:25 an
3:20 pm 5:00 ami UiCah. 7:35 pm. 6:20 pal
7:30 am 1 10: am
! 5:30 am Guemevllle. 7:33 pm
1:30 pm, I 8:20 pra
7:20 am 8:00 am ' Sonoma 13:40 am' 8:40 am
j and i
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. «:05 pm 8:20 pin
7:30 am 8:0") am SebastopoL '10:40 am 10 25 am
1:30 pm 5:00 pm t 7:35 pm| 8:20 pni
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Ska«g»
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Spring's. Highland Springs,
K»lseyvii!e. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Sprints, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dei! Lake Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Li erley's.
Bucknelt's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvltle.
Booneville, Phil". Christine. Soda Springs.
Navarro. Wnitesboro. Albion. Little ' River.
On-s Hot Springs Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. Willitts. Laytonville. Cum-
mine's, Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 630 Market St.. Chronicle bld».
H C WHITING, P. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Asent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sattsalito Ferry.
Commencing *vuril ZX, ISJ3.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. # s:00, »:30. 11:00 a. m. ;
•1:45, 3:3). 4:00, *«:00. B:30 D. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on s'ondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:20 p. m
SUNDAYS— *S:00. »i:GO. *10:0«). 11:00. 11:30
a. m.: 1:00, *1:45. '2:30. *4:0 O. 5:30. 6:43 p. m.
11-00 a m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6-30 p m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked <•) run to San Qusntln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:25. 'HAD, 7:55, 8:40. »10:20
a m . 12:30. 2:13. «3:4. J. 4:35. 3:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:00. *3:00. *9:43. *10:45. »11:45
a. m.; 1:00. 1:20. *3:30. '5:15. '6:00. 7:00. 10:15
""Trains market (•) run to San Quentln.
"'"rains market <•> run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
' WEEK DAYS — 5:43, 9:50. 7:55. 8:55, 10:35
a. m. . 12:33, 2:45, 4:55, 5:20 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8 :«. lO^K). 11:10 a. m.; 12:06.
1-20. 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
J-*0 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'na.
6-15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'as.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiK
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. IS, 1599. trains will run as follow:
South-bound. j North-bound.
Passes- Mixed. Mixed. ] Passen-
ger. Sunday Station*. Sunday • ger.
Dally.- Exc'ptd - Exc'ptd i, Dally.
7:20 am 10: am Stockton 3:*5 pm! 6:00 pm
J:l9 am 2:05 pm] Merced 12:40 pm; 4:13 pn»
10:40 am 6:35 pmJ Fresno 9:30 ami t:4J pm
11:38 am 7:45 prnl 'Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm*l2:3o-am: Bakersfleld 2:CO am ; 11: CO am
II 59 am 6:25 pmj . Vl?al.a . ' i:4O am 1:22 pm
12:15 pmj 8:53 pmj Tulare 1 6:50 am: 1:05 pm
" Stopping at intermediate point* a» required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. Cl Marks;
■tract. San Francisco.
a Dr. Gibbon's I)lspensai7t
625 HSABM »T EstaOllaaed
la 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood ■ Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases, The doctor cares when
others fall Try him. Charges low
{'ari>«!;tiaranrwd. Cikllorwrit*
»r. J. f. •jIBUU.N, Box 1997, Sac I'racciJOßk
1112
SAN FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nipht !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— f 27 Montgomery treet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
"?7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6SS McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:SO o'clock.
1041 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
\ir.'Al ? o'clock.
JOO Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
!.-2S Mission street: epen until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
lucky streets; open until : s o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUI " N 44 - F - -° a _>
X M-Meeting THIS .WEDNESDAY) JV
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. _A
M -Ist D.- THIS (WEDNESDAY) EV- Mk
ENING July 12, at 7 o'clock. By order fcj\
of the W. M. H. FORTRIEDE. Sec./^T>
EXCELKIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. •
M —Special meeting THIS fWEDNES-JL
DAY) EVENING. July 12, at "- 3li^J\
o'clock. First degree. ' tt
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. I€ 9. '.and A. M.— a
Called meeting THIS rWEDNESDAT)^^
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- jLJ\
gree. H. C. BUNKER. Bee. pro tern. 'V '
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 179, I. O. _^2_j_£fe,
O P.- Installation of officers on =3_SssS=:
THURSDAY EVENING
8. H. RICHARDS, N. G. ///lUN
K. TOEPFER," Sec.
OFFICERS and members of Ivy Chapter V«#
No. 27, O. E. S., are. requested to at- )( SSk.
tend the funeral of our late Bister. MA- w
TILDA J. LELAND. WEDNESDAY, ]
July 12. at 2:30 p. m.. at Golden Gate Hall,
629 Sutter st. By order
LYDIA A. STEELE, Worthy Matron.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquln Valley Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company. No.
821 Market St., San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, the ISth day of July, 1599, at the
hour of 2 p. m.. for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other bus!-
ness at. may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIK. Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. st.. designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for -■ .1.1: •:■- & firms, ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE .v GALLAGHEB I. Ma-
ruire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 525-555 Market at.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections, G. W.
HOWE, alty at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
— '. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L a CLARKE— Emma Spreokels building, 927
Market: consultation ■-■■ .no fees. in advance.
BOARD ROOMS.
AT~4liT"First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $5 a week up; Swedish ' home; parlor.
ATUAS 1001 Sutter— New, beautifully furnished
Bun , suites, single r., reas.; board optional.
I_VS PALMAS 1820 Market— 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath: board op.
O'FXRRELL. 742— Large front room; running
water; home cooking: also single rms.. $20 up.
POST. 744 — Room and board; use of parlor and
piano: tio ar.d up. i
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm.: cen. for lunches.
ROOMS with or without board at 232 Haight
St.. near Buchanan: one, $20; two, $35; grand
vi.-v. Haight st. cars pass door.
PUTTER. 1128 Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden: home cooking.
— _— — — — — — — ~— ■~"^ — *^^ — "™^— "*T^^?
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for two children over 2 years old.
23? A Shlpl?y st.
REFINED experienced nurse has a comfort-
nble home for infants: $10 mo. 531 A Castro st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
X— $450; DRY goo notions and fancy store,
with living rooms; rent $14: good paying;
stock worth the money; owner to leave. K.
G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— DEATH of owner cause of great sacrifice;
saloon with mercantile lunch; established
• years- rent free; splendid paying; lease: close
to Market and Second sts.; Investigate at
once. R. C-. WILKE, 906 Market St.
A— S5OO; SALOON, about 60 feet from Call build-
ing, rent J5O; doing a good paying business;
oivner to leave the city. Call R. G. WILKE.
906 Market st. :
A— s4oo; SALOON, with 3 living rooms: estab-
lished many years and doing a rushing busi-
ness; located between packing and wholesale
houses. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s6so: MILLINERY store on Valencia St., do-
ing a splendid business: first-class cash cus-
tom- fine living rooms; rent ?30: proprietress
to leave the city. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A $300— FLORIST'S store and green house in
Oakland; established 12 years; on main street;
well stocked; splendid paying business. Par-
ticulars H. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
A CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon; open
day and night; opposite Oakland ferries: es-
tablished years and doing a rushing business.
Inquire R. G. WILKE. 90« Market St.
A— sSOo; FRUIT, produce and poultry business
In largest market in Oakland; rent $65; estab-
lished many years and splendid paying;
sickness of owner only causSe of sale. R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market st. -
$6000— CORNER grocery and bar; very best lo-
cation; few blocks north of Market and Jones
sts.. first-class cash custom; horse and
wagon; owner to make a trip to Europe cause
cf tale. Inquire R. Q. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— SSSO; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis-
sion; living rooms; rent low; lease; a
' first -class paying place; no better offer for
man and wife. Call R. G. WILKE, .904 Mar-
ket st.
OATMEAL MILL FOR SALE—
Well located In New York, with well-known
trade mark and most approved machinery.
Apply to the Cereal? Manufacturing Com-
pany, 5 and 8 Atlantic Dock, Brooklyn, N. Y.
ATTENTION— To sell your business promptly
for ash apply to HEALY' _ CO., 917 Market.
Partner wanted for liquor store. Corner hotel,
Western Addition; bar trade alone $20 dally.
HEALY & CO.. 17 Market st. ;
ART saloon for sale, or will rent as It stands
without Jap statue for six months or longer,
or will take iiartner on' reasonable terms
suitable to management; sickness necessi-
tates departure; no letters answered.
A LIST of fine paying grocery stores, branch
bakeries, restaurants, coffee parlors, merchan-
dise stores, city and country hotels, lodging
houses, sold and ex. EITEL. IOOS^j Market fct.
$UO— PARTNER wanted in light .business; $15
to $2; a week; trial given; no experience re-
%uir>'<i. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
|500— CANDY store; fine location; doing good
business: parties going to Europe and will
make sacrifice. JONES & CO.. '"> Market st.
$150— GROCERY and bar; bargain on account of
departure. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777V 2 Mkt.
$110— [GAR store: bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN .v CO.. 777% Market st.
FINE steam laundry; best in the city; must be
sold. COWING & CO., 955 Market st.
SALOON on corner near Market: centrally lo-
cated; must sell. COWING & CO., 995 Markt.
FOR sale Coffee, tea. crockery and notion
store for sale; must be sold soon as possible;
cause sickness: a very pood chance; stand 11
years; no agents. Apply 1176 Harrison st.
SALOON south of Market, east of Fifth; cheap
' for cash; no agents. Box -• ■' Call office.
SALOON, best location, water front; account
' , sickness. LEMLE. LEVY & CO., 265 Id st.
A SNAP Cigar stand and saloon fixtures at
1342 Market st. ; an offer wanted.
GOOD opening for business man with little
money. KILLETT. 1309 Broadway, Oakland.
OLD-ESTABLISHED fruit store doing fine
business for sale reasonable. Apply Call Of-
fice.
SALOON; business part of city; proprietor has
other business to attend to. . 615 Washington.
GROCERY and bar; well stocked; cheap. Ap-
ply WICHMAN. LUTGEN & CO.. 320 Clay st.
HAIRDRESSING store; good stock and fix-
tures; must sell; sickness. Box 4591. Call.
TO sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON. 7834 Market st.
FOR — Coffee, tea. crockery and notion
store for sale; must be so-ld soon as possible;
cause sickness; a very good chance; stand 14
years; no agents. Apply 1176 Harrison st.
CLOTHING. boot and shoe and furnishing
goods business in thrifty condition; 50 miles
• from San Fra/iclsco; tine climate. and good
business point/ Box 4886, Call office.
SALOON and 6-room lodging completely
' furnished.- for Bale. 80 Jackson st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop ror sale on account
of sickness; cheap rent; 2 living rooms. 609
Seventh
BUSINESS -CHANCES.
CORNER grocery and bar; living rooms;
horse and wagon; unexceptional location;
value in stock and fixtures; best class cash
custom; big bar trade; proof furnished. M.
LESS & CO.. 7C5 Market st.
CIGAR etore; principal street; central;
value In sight; splendid business; actually
given away; investigate; satisfy yourself. M.
LESS & CO., 765 Market st._^_
$800— CORNER saloon; heart city, near Market
Ft.: stock, fixtures and monthly income would
Justify investment of $1200; trial given; no
better proof; rare offer. M. LESS & CO., 160
Market St. • ;
MILK ranch; city limits; 32 cows, 3 horses,
wagons, etc. ; large poultry business in con-
nection; old-established concern; 22 cans milk;
private trade; owner baa made a fortune
there; place is coining money to-day: full In-
vestigation if you mean business; must sell.
' M. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
CORNER branch bakery, groceries, pro-
visions, etc.: 6 living rooms: a more neat, bet-
ter located and better paying store not to be
found in city. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market.
$165— SALOON on city front, opposite busiest
wharves, docks and steamer landings; busi-
ness booming; chance in a lifetime. LESb
6 CO., 765 Market et.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale in one of the
best towns north of San Francisco, For par-
ticulars Inquire at this office.
$1 50— 1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed: catalogue printing. MEL j
A HI. FT. 511 Sacramento St.: tel. Main ISoS. j
SALOON with good business in good location, j
Inquire 729 Montgomery -' . room 9. j
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar. Wleland
Brewery. Second and Folsom sts.
FOR SALE With 6 years' lease, grocery and
bar. Post and Pevlsadero sts.
RESTAURANT— Must be sold in 10 days; owner
leaving the city. Apply Call office.
GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San
Pablo aye.. Oakland; no agents.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL <S- CO.'S., 415 Sacramento st.
C ARK I AGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinde of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 BETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING. j
WHEN You become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES,
300 McAllister St.. cor. Larkin; tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpel Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.-: tel. Jessie 944.
J E M.I. HELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning, So per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned. 3c yd.; tel. Mint 316.
CONKLIN*S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 128. ______
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and j
Compound Paste: a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. -21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
WONDERFUL' success; Mm". Clingman. from
New York; scientific palmistry, astrologist;
readings, 50c and $1. 513 Tenth st/. Oakland.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Miss
CONSULT on matters of business health and I
happiness LAJHI, the Psychic, I2OA Eddy st.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist ; past,
present ami future. 25c. 148 Sixth si . room 12.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c ; Sunday hours.
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St., room 6.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st.. clairvoyant, |
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus- '
band's picture. 25c; ladies. !>l4 O'Farrell ■_
A WEEK'S news ror 5 rents— Th* Weekly Call. !
IB pages, in wrapper, for mailing. t< r"*r "»ar j
COTTAGES TO LET. :
COTTAGE fi rooms, bath, in San Rafael; fur- j
nished complete; rent reasonable; central. E. i
H.. San Rafael. ■ ■
ELLIS 1717. near Steiner- Six rooms, bath and ;
stable: $18- |
$12— COTTAGE of 5 rooms. 9 Priest St.. off j
Washington, between 'Jones and Leavenworth.
».___——— — i — _— — —
DENTISTS.
A^Dr"tT~sT HIGGINS' Dental Parlors. 927
Market st., over Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered: the best and mont
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1: other fillings, from . 50c;
plates, from $4 50: flesh colored plates, from j
jr.- porcelain or gold crown and bridge work |
(tier tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work. |
Open* evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate: rill-
ings 50c; crowns. $3 50: plates, full set. $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
AT th» ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, \
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. <;. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret, method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL e1 of teeth, $4; fillings. 25c up; gold
crowns, $3: gold bridges. $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 989 Mission St., cor. «th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work' ami fillings a!
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operator.-; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, 50c up; crowns,
$4 up; open evenings. 850 Market Ft.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
yorx<;. mi Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS AMI SEAMSTRESSES
887 GEARY st.— Dresses made, $5 up; dresses
made over; perfect fit: organdies and lawns.
EDUCATIONAL,
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying blowpipe anal., chemistry', geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL — Theory and practice, con- ,
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
I3VSINESS-- Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers: day and evening;, catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS. COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture. Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 Instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day .and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg.. S.F.
AYRE6' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech survey, assay, arch!.; day & eve.;
est. ISM. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PRIVATE lessons given in telegraphy; terms
reasonable. Box 4815, Call Office.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day _ night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
HOME in a French family with French and
musical instruction.- 1910 Stelner St.
THE Studio. 1033 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet, English and German, 50c lesson.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons, $5 mo.; top flat. 514 Hayes st.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 903 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher; ten
years' experience; 50c an hour. .620 Eddy st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin st . opp. City Hall
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese, 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 12, 1899.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — j
SCHOOLTEACHER from the country wishes
place as companion or governess in private
family in city or a resort on coast; wages no
object. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GREEN Swedish girl wishes place to assist;
strong and willing; $10. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st. | '
SWEDISH houseglrl ; 2 years' references;
American and German cooking; city or coun-
try. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN housegirl; 4 years' references:.good
cook and house worker. MRS. NORTON, 313
gutter st. - "
1 SCANDINAVIAN, 1 English and 2 superior
Irish cooks wish situations; best references.
Send your orders for them to J. F. CROSETT
& CO". 316 Gutter st. .
GERMAN girl from the East wishes position
as cook or second girl; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sntter st.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged lady with little
cirl 11 years old wishes a position as work-
ing housekeeper; best of references; no
trlflers. Call or addiess 532 A Sixth st.
COMPETENT woman wishes position; general
housework, cooking; neat: quick worker;
fond of children; reasonable wages. Box
4813, Call. ;
YOUNG strong German woman wants wash-
ing, ironing, cleaning; $1 and carfare; dis-
engaged Thursday and Friday. M., 1133
Folsom st. ■
COMPETENT middle-aged woman wants posi-
tion: understands housekeeping and care of
children; city or country; wages moderate.
924 Washington st. ; references. ■ .
YOUNG lady who is a student at Heald's Col-
lege would like room and board In exchange
for services" night and morning. Box 4812,
Call. - -
HONEST young woman, with best of reference,
would like some places to mind children at
night when parents attend theaters or balls.
Box 4588, Call. 7}..-'--'
REFINED lady, good cook, wishes position as
housekeeper, traveling companion or camp
cook. Call Golden West Hotel. -Ills st.,
room 56. between 1 and 4 p. m.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady, good cook and
neat housekeeper, wishes position in country.
Box 4514. Call.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation; house-
work or cooking; willing and obliging. Cl
Larkin st. ?' : - -:-:-.■
GOOD German girl wishes situation, to do
upstairs Work or general housework; wages
$20. Address or call at 111 Leavenworth st.
GIRL wishes' a place to do general housework
and plain cooking. Call 229 .Dore St.. bet.
Harrison and Bryant. ■ Ninth and Tenth.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 150 Fourth st., rooms 12 and 13.
LADY wishes sewing and mending at home.
Call 179 Fourth St., room 6.
YOUNG lady wishes to give her services for
an opportunity to learn Spanish and small
compensation. Address box 4809, Call.
WANTED— Position on confinement cases by
an experienced nurse or will care for invalid.
Box 4811. CalK^
YOUNG German girl wants position to do up-
stairs work- and plain sewing or general j
housework and plain cooking. 423 Second st. ;
FRENCH dressmaker wishes to go out by the
day in private families. 1315 Powell st.
GERMAN girl wants a place In private
family; general housework; good cook. 11
Folsom aye., off Folsom St., near Eighth.
WOMAN wishes to do housework in the city
or country; will work for small wages. 527
Howard St.. room 16. ,■/:.: : >
WANTED by a reliable elderly Protestant
woman, a position •- do light housework in
small family; good plain cook. 254 Fell st.
EMPLOYMENT by young woman as invalid's
nurse second work or housework and assist |
with children. L. H.. 2419 Harrison St. I
WOMAN would like plain sewing and mending
to do at home. 821 Mission St., room 1.
COMPETENT woman at present wants work
in small family; home more than wages; in
city; $6 or $7 a month. Box 4804, Call office.
CAPABLE woman wants position- in boarding-
house or restaurant to help in kitchen. 267
Stevenson st.
GERMAN girl wants a place for general house-
work and cooking. 127 Turk st.
WOMAN wants work hou3ecleanlng, washing
or ironing by day. 1028 Valencia st.
GERMAN girl wants housework. 1604 Mission
street. : --';V
GIRL wants place taking care children; good
seamstress; reference. 530 Turk st.
COMPETENT and trustworthy girl desires po-
. sltion as cook in private family where a Fec-
ond ''Hi is kept; can. furnish good refs.; $25
per mo. Ad. Y. W. C. A.. '1259 OFarrell st.
WOMAN with a child wants a place to work;
city or country. Call at 90 South Park.
GERMAN girl wishes position in bakery:
wages no object. Box 4842, Call office.
WANTED By a capable, refined woman, posi-
tion as housekeeper; country preferred. Box
1840, Call office.
WANTED — Respectable American woman with
child .'• years old wishes situation as working
housekeeper or general housework in small
faniiiy: good plain cook; references; country
preferred; wage», Sl2 to $15. Address MRS.
BURDEN, San Rafael, Cal.
GOOD washer wishes flannels, towels or plain
■ washing of any kind. Apply 179 Minna Ft., !
nr. Third.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants a position as gen-
eral housework; wages $20; please call at 127 |
Pfeifer street, off Stockton, bet. Chestnut I
and Francisco.
RESPECTABLE young girl lately from the
East, with best references, wishes a position
as ladles' maid or second girl; wages $25 or
$20. Call or address SC4 Folsom Ft.
YOUNG lady wishes a situation as chamber-
maid: has been working at chamberwork for
10 years In this city. Please call or address
737 Howard St., room 88.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes to do light
housework; good cook and housekeeper. 136
Fifth st., near Howard.
SITUATION wanted by good German cook to
do cooking and some housework; country
only. 34S Third st. .
AUTHORS MSS. and legal work carefully and
accurately typewrlten by experienced busi-
ness woman. Address 357 Jersey st., near
Castro.
NEAT girl wishes a place; upstairs work or
assist in housework and children. Call 2120
Lombard et., near Flllmore; call 2 days.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
WOMAN wants situation; housekeeper; city or
country; or take charge hotel. Box 4866, Call.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houseclean-
ing washing or ironing; handy with sewing.
2245 Mission st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MaIe.
PROF. WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
'phone Red 3211, 315 Stoc! ton- st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 Vi O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 424.
COOK (chef of 15 years' ; experience) wants po-
sition; city or country: only first-class refer-
ences of Europe and U. S. A.; country hotel
preferred; object, steady employment. Box
4807, Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman,
with the best of references, who understands
the care of fine horses. cow*, garden work. '
is handy with tools and has porter experience,
desires position. Box 4810, Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation as porter in ho- J
tel or store: city or country; excellent testi- i
monials; wages moderate. Box 4599. Call.
GF.RMA> and wife want work on a private
place or take charge of a place: can give
gocc l reference. H. J.. St. George Hotel. fl2
Kearny st. ' .-. ..?' .-. -"
WANTED— A position in wholesale house by
an honest, sober and Industrious young man,
not a/raid of work. Box 4820, Call Office.
MARRIED man who is willing to work wants
a position by the year as foreman on a fii-ri
or ranch; is capable of taking charge: re?- r-
. ences given. Address GEO. E. RICE, Rio
Vista. Cal.
AN honest young man of good character wishes
to learn the hardware business; best of ref-
erences furnished. Box 4819. Call.
POSITION as collector; 10 years' experience;
reference and bonds. Address Collector, box
4823. Call. .
BOY, IS. wants to learn dining-room work;
wages no object. Address box 4824. Call.
BAKER on cakes and bread wtshes position;
experienced. Address 2017 Bush st.
BARBER wants position In a first-class shop;
hours 12 till closing time. Address box 4Slt,
: Call Office. •
WANTED— Window or house cleaning or other
work; have 8 hours every day to spaxe; city
reference. ANDERSEN. 952 Bush St., tele-
phone East 963.
WANTED — Position as night watchman by j
married man. aged 48; references. A. WEIN-
• GENT. 916 Howard st. ■
SITUATION wanted by man as gardener, host- i
ler or to do general work around place: city
or country; references. Box 4851, Call office.
POSITION wanted in Turkish bath sanitarium
or hospital by first-class masseur; recognized
by medical authority and willing to etahd
examination. Address box 4879.. Call. .
A WEEK-'S news «or 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1C pages. In wrapper, for mailing, |1 per year.
THE MAN OF THE HOUR.
A MAGNIFICENT PORTRAIT OF
ADMIRAL DEWEY
IN TEN COLORS
(Size 14x21 inches)
WILL BE GIVEN AWAY BY THE CALL
To everyone, inserting anJ paying
for a WANT ADVERTISEMENT in
NEXT SUiNDAY'S CALL
THI^ PORTRAIT ' s ' n nosenBe a cnea P chromo, but an example of
imo rum n/Ai i |he hj?hest s(y!e of mumjnated print j n& in the
famous French style of color-plate work. An ornament to any library or drawing-
room. BEARS THE AUTOGRAPH OF ADMIRAL DEWEY. Cannot be had else-
where in San Francisco than at the Business Office of THE CALL, where sample
copies may be seen.
FLATS TO LET.
BOWIE aye., 6— flat of 3 bay-window rooms;
cheap rent to a small family.
FEW steps from City Hall; sunny top flat. 6
rooms and bath. 10 Grove st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath; good order. 1615
Clay st. .
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath; rent $16. 39 Clara
street. '
FULTON 14B— Good lower flat. 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16.
HARRISON, 704. near Third— Nice comfortable
sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath; '■'■
NEW flat. 5 rooms, bath; yard, cellar and
stable; rent $18. 38 Sharon st., between Fif-
teenth aril Sixteenth, Church and Sanchea
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe sts.;
lovely sunny, 5-room flat; modern improve-
ments; rent $17; water free.
SCOTT, 2036, corner Sacramento— Elegant 7-
room Jlat; reasonable. ■ *
SEVENTH. 454, corner Bryant— s sunny rooms;
cheap. Apply between 1 and .3.
SEYMOUR aye., IS. off Golden Gate, near
Scott Handsome new sunny .flat; 6 rooms
and bath; $25; in beautiful order. .
TO LET— 4 -room flat. 2607% Sutter Ft.: rent
low. • ' *
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073, near Castro— Sunny s-
room flat: modern; rent $15; water free.
4 ROOMS and bath; large cellar; large flower I
garden. 1219 Lacuna, cor. Ellis. Inquire 1221.
Kl'H.MTl'Rb FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
BOc. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50.. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127 1131 Market.
HI I.l' WANTKD— Agents..
4 GOOD male or female solicitors. Room 63,
Flood building Sunday, 3:30 to 4:30; Mon-
day. 12 to 1. '
HELP WANTED FemaIe.
C.i R.l HANSEN ' & CO.. ■ .PHONE G RAN T. 188
4 waitresses, Santa Cruz. $20: 10 waitresses.
' first-class springs and resorts, $20; 12 wait-
resses, different commercial hotels, $20; head
waitress city, $25; 3 chambermaids to wait,
city and country, $20: 2 chambermaids, re-
Forts, $15, fan.' paid; 2 • restaurant wait-
resses, $6.
FAMILY ORDERS.
Scandinavian girl to take care of children,
one who can sew, must have first-class refer-
ences. $30. _, R. HANSEN & CO , 104 Geary,
i GIRLS for cooking and general housework,
city and country: positions too numerous to
mention. C. R. HANSEN _ CO, 104 Geary.
C. R. HANSEN "A CO.... PHONE. GRANT 186.
Waitresses, Southern California, $20; 2 wait-
resses. Santa Cruz, $20; 2 waitresses. Pacific
Grove' $20; waitresses, resorts near city. $20;
2 waitresses, springs, $20; waitresses for, 20
different commercial houses. $20; 2 chamber-
maids to wait, country, $20, see party here,
fare paid: fancy Ironers, $10 to $12 a w*ek.
across the bay; 'fancy ironers. Redding. $25 to
$35 and found.
FAMILY ORDERS.
Cook who understands German* cooking; $25,
for small family: housegirl,; 2 In family. $20;
housegirl. 2 In family, $18; second, girl and
seamstress. $20: second girl, $20, and many
competent girls for cooking and housework,
city and country. $15 to $25. C, R. HANSEN
_ CO., 104 Geary st. j_ .
WOMAN cook for Lake Tahoe; $30 to $35 and
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 -Geary.
HOUSEGIRL for cooking and housework tor j
small family at Capitola for the summer; $20. ;
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 114 Geary st.
WOMAN to clean vegetables and wait on
help's halls; $25. springs: free fare both
ways. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COMPETENT Scandinavian girl for care of
children: must be hand" with needle; $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
A COOK for men; country: $25 and fare paid.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
A HOUSEGIRL; Gilroy; $20;; fare paid. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sntter st. , .
a FANCY ironer; $30;- city, miss CULLEN,
I 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN cook. $35. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
A— RESTAURANT waitresses. $5 and $6 per
week each; 10 waitresses and chambermaids,
city and country notels. $20 and $25 each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. s >'
NEAT young girl, light housework, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Fancy ironer for hotel laundry,
$30; 2 girls, same house, as cook and second ;
girl; ' cook, San Rafael. $30; Scandinavian
cook. Santa Cruz. $25; girls for housework, i
country and city places, $20 and $25; 10 wait-
resses for resorts, country hotels, city board-
ing-houses and restaurants, going wages;
German and French second girls; Ironers; \
nurse for 3 children, $25: cooks for boarding- i
houses, $25; pastry cook and' meat, $40, for
delicatessen; young girls. $10. $12 .and $15. Ap-
-1 ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter Bt.
IRISH Catholic- woman to do plain cooking;,
small institution near city; $20. MURRAY
I READY. 634 and 636 Clay- St.
AGENTS wanted— ■ gentlemen: benevo-
lent work. 606 Montgomery St., room 16. ■
WANTED— GirI for general, housework; plain
■ cooking. Apply at 2143 Larkin st. ;
lI E LP \V A NTK I> Frmnlr.
IRONER, $3.">; laundress, $25: infant's nurse,
must have references; waitress, $20;
Chambermaid, $15; young girl to assist. 2 In
family, $10; housegirl, < >akland. $25; Sausa-
lit... $20; San Rafael, 125; Belvedere, $2.'.;
housegirl. 2 in family, $2"; houseeirl. 3 in 1
family, $20. MRS NORTON, 332 Sinter st.
WANTED \ woman to do cooking and een-
fral housework; wages $15 to $W; references
wanted. 2,3'»4 California st.
I RIENCED BTirl to 'are for baby and
jissisi wiih liKht housework; references. 1922
Vailejo st.. forenoon.
WANTED A Rir! for light housework. Call
1310 Kills st.. between 9 and 12 o'clock.
W \ N'TED— Operators on skirts. 412 Market st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking In
pmall family; referen<-.-. 720 McAllister St.
U VNTED German girl between 14 and ]rt
years old; sleep at home. 264 Eighth st.
WANTED Good talloresa on vests; must make
buttonholes, lfio Seventh st.
GIRL to help in kitchen that understands
little cooking; h.*me cooking. ."31 Kills st.
GIRL to assist in general housework: no chil-
dren. .1116 Sixteenth st., near Valencia.
WANTED- Neat girl for housework. 451 Guer-
rero st.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. 631 Clay st,
People's Restaurant.
V. \XTKI> Strong girl," 16 or 17, to assist in
lifht housework; references required. Call
Immediately" 714 McAllister st.
SMART neat ertrl f°>r light housework; wages
sio. 2777 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTEJ> Young *irl for light housework;
must sleep at honv-. 780Vj Ivy aye.
WANTED— First-class cook; must understand
• iernan r,,..k!rtK; city references. Apply 2211
Washington st., bet. 10:30 and 11:30 and 2 and
Z t"-day.
WANTED- Good starch ironers; $35 to $40
month. Box 4 V 22, Call.
LAD'S for office and outdoor work; state ago
. nd wage?. "Importer," box 4841, Call.
WANTED Middle-aged woman to assist 111
light housework. 2930 Octavia St.. corner
Greenwich.
RELIABLE girl for general housework, with
reference; must be good plain cook; willing to
go short distance from city for 3 months; $25.
2201 Hroderick st., corner Washington.
WOMAN or girl for housework; no washing;
small wages. 826 Webster St.. Oakland.
APPLY Immediately. California Canneries
Co., Ltd., Brannan st., between Third and
Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co., Ltd.,
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— German girl or woman for general
housework !n small family: no wash; easy
place and good home. Call, after 9 a. m.,
105 Grove st.
WANTED— First-class talloress on custom
pants; steady work; good pay. 41lVj Kearny
Ft., top floor.
GOOD reliable woman for general housework
and cooking. Call. bet. 1 and 2, B2G O'Farrell.
OPERATORS on' waists and wrappers; good
pay; steady work. NEWBAUER BROS., 13
First st.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
stead}' employment. Eagleson Co., 535 Market.
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. X2\i Fremont st.; npply to Mr. Davis.
RELIABLE Kirl to help with housework; care
i of children: good home; moderate wages. 730
Rhrader st
HRLP WANTED — Mnle.
NOTICE •
To all men who want work— The old reliable
Employment Agents. W. I>. EWER & CO ,
nt Hln Clay St.. guarantee every position on
their hoard and will refund office fee and
fare both ways to any one not finding work
where we send them. No other agency gives
this assurance
The following are some of the positions on
list: 4 laborers about furnace for first-class
mining company, no experience required. $2 25
per day
4 haying hands near city, $1 25 per day, board
and free 'are
6 milkers $25 and $30
10 laborers for mine {2per day
Farmer and wife, near city $35 and found
Haker's helper for country' shop $25 and
found, and others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay at.
WANTED— Driver for milk wagon in city; ref-
erence required; $30 and found. W. D EWER
A CO., 610 Clay at.
WANTED— IO men handy with ax to make
pests, ties pnd cordwood at good prices; fare
and everything advanced. W. D. EWER <fc
c, >.. «io Clay st.
NIGHT watchman, must understand engine
iity. *2'i; dishwasher, country, $20. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 2fi Montgomery st., room 12.
BARTENDER. Jl r , per month; country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
HELP WANTED MaIe. ■
'•• ' ■
NO OFFICE FEE.
50 MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST R. ROAD.
FREE FARE.
11 75 to $2 50 ocr day.
. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
104 Geary St.
BEST AURA NT cook', $75; restaurant cook, $60
and room: second cook, hotel. $50; broiler, ho-
tel. $50: third cook, country hotel. $50: cook.
$10 a week: baker and pastry cook.' country
hotel, $40: pastry baker, hotel. $35; cook,
small country restaurant; dishwashers, coun-
try hotels, springs and city hotels and res-
taurants, $20 and $25. .'■ ..'--J-
Steward and head waiter. $45 and found;
hotel waiter. $30: waiter, helps' hall. $25 and
found; waiter. $6 a week.
Pie and cake baker for a restaurant. $60:
restaurant butcher, $50.
2 colored waiters. San Jose. $25, fare ad-
vanced; 3 colored waiters, Portland, $25 and
free fare; 3 colored waiters. Southern Cali-
fornia. ' ' ■" •'■", ['"■■'■• . ,
Marker and distributor, $30 and found; iron-
er, $30 and found.
Porter and bootblack for a Barber shop and
baths $10 a week; harness maker. $30 and
found; 3 carpenters, $2 50 to $3 a day; farmer
and wife, $35; hay balers, ISc a ton; chore-
man $15: milker. $25; farmers. $25 and $20. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ______
LEIDEKKIT. formerly assistant bath man at
Del Monte, wanted at C. R. HANSEN _
CO.'S, 104 Geary st : .
NO OFFICE FEE.
FARE ADVANCED.
WANTED.
40 laboring men. nu experience, for a con-
struction company. $2 a -lay : board $4 a week;
3 months' Job; call at once. .
C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
MACHINE blacksmith. $3 day; blacksmith for
a lumber company, $45 and found; 3 bridge
carpenters, $45 and found; spool tenders. $10
and found; railroad section hands. $30 and
• found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MAN and wife, man as porter, wife as wait-
ress, country hotel, $40 and found. MLR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
NO MONEY WANTED. WE WILL PAY .ARE
for everybody wanting to go to work for the
IS great sawmills and wood syndicate.; -o
men wanted for different positions, no -ex-
perience required; you will suit; come and
see us: different work; different wages, from
$&0 Sis *"«_ $.10, $4" $3" per month and fuunil.
MURRAY & READY, 631-838 Clay st.
FREE ..... FREE FKEE
To every railroad in California for drillers
laborers, teamsters, etc., from $3 day. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
3 carpenters for a sawmill camp $3 day
3 carpenters for a ranch; 50c fare.. s."2 and Id
3 carpenters Government work
Carpenters: city jobs $2 50 and $3 day
...HARNESS-MAKERS. BLACKSMITHS. . .
Harness-maker for a camp....s2" day and fd
19 blacksmiths, horseshoers and helpers for
all Classes of Jobs; $2 60, $2 day, $50, $4.->, $3-
and found.
Machinist, country 3 foremen, laborers
BUTCHERS ••
7 butchers; different Jobs: $30. $25 and found.
...FARMS. ..DAIRIES. ..FRUIT PICKING...
184 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California .'"',
'. {3;,, $30, $26, $2:,. $20 and found
20 fruitpickers, Santa Clara ............
_ _ $20 and found
29rn"iikVrs. "different Jobs.... $25 and found
3 butter-makers, good, steady J0b............
$30 and found
•.■■■.■.'.'.■.■.'.'.'.'ci'lOßEMEN AND 80Y5............
26 choremen and boys for farms, etc, $30, $26,
$25, $20. $15, $10 and f0und.......-.--
........ '..HARVEST.. HAY FIELDS
129 men for above work •„•-•*;•"
.. ..$2 50, $2. $1 50 and $1 25 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
TO MINES 12 MINES GOOD MINES
25 miners, different mines $2 50 day
184 laborers (no experience required), anybody
will suit, $60, $50. $40, $"0 and found, $2 and
$2 40 day,' steady Jobs year round; also stable-
Men for "steel bridge and structural work
Men for steel bridge and structural work
Men and boys for factories and stores, city
io^.'.' 'WORK IN' SAN 'FRANCISCO.'
teamsters; laborers: help for manufacturing
company; driver milk wagon; also laborers,
board yourselves home, $2 and $1 75 day,
$26. and found _•••___
IS4 laborers for all parts of (ala.. $60
14 four-horse teamsters, fare $1 30, $60;
furnacemen engineers shoemakers
GOVERNMENT WORK ,
at once. 16 laborers. Government work;.
354 men also wanted for places not adver-
tised. in California, Oregon, Washington,
Arizona, from $5 to $2. day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 clay St.
COOKS, ETC... BAKERS
42 cooks for different Jobs for all parts of
California. $50, $45. $40, $35. $30, $25 and found;
porters pantrymen laundrymen
14 waiters, different jobs, $30. $25. $20 and
found; 27 dishwashers, etc.. $25, $20, $15 and
found; 16 bakers, Ist, 2d. 3d hands, also as-
sistants and boys to learn, $40, $35, $30, $25,
$20, $15 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634.-636- Clay st.
WANTED— Choreman for resort. $15; restau-
rant cook. $10 to $12 week; man to assist in
kitchen and wife as waitress, country hotel,
$40; bedmaker and wife, city, waiter, springs,
$25- waiters, country hotel, $25 and $32; cook,
small country hotel, $30; kitehenman for
laborers $20 to $25; dishwashers, and others.
.1. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— carpenters for mine, $3 day, fare
refunded; machinist for- mine, $2 50 day; 8
quartz miners. $2 50 day: 10 laborers for
mine; drillers. $2 25 day; blacksmith for coun-
try shop, $2 25 day; blacksmith, city. $2 .'.O
day: blacksmith's helper, $1 50 day; farmers,
$1 50 day: milkers, $25; woodsmen; laborers
for city" and country, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO:, 62S Sacramento st.
COOK, small place, $25 and room; short order
cook, $7 per week and room: 25 power, drill-
men, $3 50 per day; 3* shaftmen, $4 per day;
laborers, .$1 75: shovelers, $1 75; teamsters,
$1 85; shingle sawyers, etc. ;. call this morning
and get a Job and go to work. The place to
get one i.« THE NEW EMPLOYMENT
- OFFICE, 751 Market st. Phone Black 3911.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton et.— Dairyman,
private place, $30; attendant. Invalid, $22 50;
2 waiters, first-class springs, $25; choreman,
resort, $15: pantryman, $25; 3 dishwashers, $15
and $25; ironer, $30: porter, saloon, $6 week.
MAN and. wife, woman to do cooking and man
to do chamberwork in city; wages $40. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
MEN to learn barber trade; $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only institution
teaching the tonsorlal art; call or write for
free illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S Barber
College, 635 Clay st. _ \
WANTED— Experienced wrapper: competent to
take entire charge of wrapping desk: large
retail house: state experience, reference and
salary expected. Apply box 4505, Call Office.
WANTED^-Retall salesman familiar with gro-
cery or crockery business: give age. reference
and wages expected. Box 5000, Call.
EXPERIENCED solicitor for advertisements
and subscriptions for a shipping and com-
mercial paper. Box 4803, Call.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
BARBERS -Crorxl shop .in ' country for sale
cheap. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED Finishers on custom coats; steady
work. 40 Ellis St., room 52.
WANTED— Steady active man for a genuine
business; can make fine wages; small capital
required. Room 2, 917 Market st.
WAITER wanted. 1830, Haight st.
GOOD barber wanted. 626 Fourth st.
WANTED— Cook, lunch waiter and dishwasher.
210 Townsend . St.
BARBER for Wednesday evening, Saturday
and Sunday. 222 (lough St.
WANTED— An active, middle-aged man as
porter. Apply at 532 Third st. ,
COOK wanted at 922 Battery st. •'• : ~
LUNCH waiter at 629 Davis st.
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper to work In
wagon shop. ' 406 Eleventh st.
PRESSER at the California Clothing Renova-
• tory. 116 Geary st. •
WANTED — Carriage painter. LOWNEY
BROS.. 426 Ninth st.
GOOD bootblack for country; wages 110 Ap-
ply 102 Davis st.
BO_" wanted in bakery. CLARKE'S Bakery,
612 Kearny st. : call early.
A DISHWASHER wanted at 907 Kearny st.
$600— BARBER shop . and building; country;
first-class; rare chance; only shop. G. W. S.,
■ Eastland. Cal.
SAILORS and I ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Island^, Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent, 504. 506 Davi3 st.
WANTED for the band of the Philadelphia,
four clarionet players, one snare drummer,
one bass drummer, one alto player. Apply
on board Philadelphia, Navy-yard, Mare
Island. ■
PENSIONS and. claims against V. S. See
SHERWOOD, room 612. Examiner building,
San Francisco. . .;.■■;.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor. Call at M.
ROTHSCHILD'S. 334 Post st.
BARBER shop in lively country town; 2 chairs;
baths. Apply at 1229 Golden Gate aye.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale Kou3e)— l6o rooms, day,
week or mo.; rates. 25c to $1 per night: re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
HELP WANTED MaIe.
MEN can learn barber trade for 26 at 1542 Mar-
ket st.: free shaving In students department.
WANTED— A first-class barber: _ single I ' th
good references: $35 per month and found.
Address C. WAI-STAB. Wadsworth. Nev.
FOR sale-Good 1-chalr barber shop; 3 living
rooms; cheap. 31 Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
TO gc this week— pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new from 50c to $150: new shoes,
I slight"ly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a, m. to > p. m.
FOR sale— A first-class barber shop doing a
fine business in a city of 4000 population in
California: price less than cost o'.tatures 1
part cash or will sell on terms to suit, buyer.
Address box 4565. Call office.
A SOLICITOR that has some *_owledj» ° C
mines. . Apply room 28. Columbian building.
DIG Market st. ■' . ,
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
TEN ladles. 10 gentlemen canvassers for r Ne-.v
Life Stomach Tonic: grand Inducement for
well-dressed conversationalists. I to . p. m..
41 Hardy st. . . ,
EXPERIENCED dishwasher at once. 315
Grant aye. \ .
MKN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orang* 'Syrup «
per day and expenses paid: cash cve ™ ££ n *_ .
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California.
Orange Syrup Co--. San Francisco. CM.
TEAMS wanted to work "on the canal be In*
built at Sunol by the Spring \ alley X\ ater
W_rksT Apply at the stables. Fourteenth and
Guerrero sts.. San Francisco, or on work t »
Sunol. ■ —
WANTED-One hundred and fifty men on i grad-
.ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake la-
hoe: wages $2. TRUCKEE. & LAKE TAHOh
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
MEN wanted- La borers, drillmen and J^» m ;
sters on railroad work: fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN. 302 Mont-
gomery st. _______^ ■
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers: wages
$175 and $2; board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near Grant station, on
Valley Road. .
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Stewart st. ■
WANTED— IS men to find clean, central. ch*ap
rms.. .r.c. 50c night: hkpg.. $1-5 up. 88 3d st.
"00 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 230
" per night. Llndell. «th and Howard: read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 13Ste Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE room. 15c, 2Pc: 25c per night : 75c. «
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. Market st-
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 250 a night: $1 A week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st . near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 250 nieht: reading room: rree l
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. t 1
CHEAPEST and best in America— The w<w>k ' y
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in try?
United States or Canada one year for »_,
postage paid.
nOUSES TO LET.
FOLSOJI, S7o— House of 10 rooms: upper part:
rent $20. UMBSEN & CO . 14 Montgomery st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOW ELL.
10 Montgomery st.
SILVER. 30—6 sunny rooms; $14. _,
SILVER, 30—3 large rooms In rear; $6.
VERY fine house, in perfect condition; 338S
Twenty-first st., near Guerrero; "rooms:
rent very reasonable: see it. E. G. DEN MS-
TON, 3454 Twenty-first St. ___
VERY pleasant house, in perfect -condition: 3386
Twenty-first st., near Guerrero; 7 rooms: rent
very reasonable: see it. ______
HOUSES — LODGING — For. Sale.
15 ROOM house on Fourth St.; only $ 273
26 rooms; corner house...' •-• "■ '"
' 14 rooms on O'Farrell st »0 •
12-room house; large yard; downtown 400
15 rooms: clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
54-room house: clears $300 1606
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp- sth.
31-ROOM: fine location;, offer wanted; don't
fall to see this bargain. DECKER. 1020 Mkt.
IS ROOMS; $250 cash: Interest 1% per cent. $650
14 rooms; near Post st -♦ •>•_? »
16 rooms; clears $50; ' 2 cash..... 700 I
20 rooms; exchange for small house — 1,600
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT.
WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
A— l2-ROOM house; north of Market St.; rent
$40; clearing $50 per month. R. G. WILKIE,
906 Market st. •
$550 — LODGING house: 16 rooms: departure
cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Mk'.
FAMILY boarding house: steady boarders; 14
rooms, all occupied; bargain. Box A. C. 71,
Call office. .
FAMILY boarding-house; steady boarders; 14
rms., all occupied; bargain. A.C.box 71. Call.
POLK For sale, cheap, furniture 17 rooms;
must be sold this week.
FOR sale— Nice sunny house, 9 rooms, for sale
cheap; south Market. Call for 1 week 733
■Natoma st. rent $20.
NEATLY furnished house, 10 rooms; reason-
able; owner going away: Pine st., near Pow-
ell. Box 1536. Call office.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work hcrses. Chase & Mendenhall. suc-
cessors Killip & Co.. salesyard, 1732 Market.
JUST arrived— Carload large horses and car-
load ' medium size, broke and unbroke. at
J. D. HORAN'S, Tenth and Bryant sts.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.^
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses.- DAL- \
ZIEL, veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE of dissolution of • co-partnership —
Notice is hereby given that the copartner-
ship heretofore existing between the under-
signed. GROSVENOR P. AYKRS. W. D.
11 KANE and E. 8. CIPRICO, all. of San
Francisco, California, doing business under
the firm name and style of AVERS & CO .
is this day dissolved by consent. Mr. GROS-
VENOR P. AVERS succeeds to and will
hereafter conduct said business under the
same firm name as heretofore and will col-
lect all outstanding accounts and settle all
liabilities. '■ „„. ' . -
San Francisco, Cal. April 10, IS-ft -
GROSVENOR P. AVERS, W. D. O'KANE.
E. S. CIPRICO.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST^A* passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ETTA LULU BERNSTEIN: No.
231-304. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society Of San Francisco, in the
name of MA AF. CUMMINGS; No 109-791.
2°7-119. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Certificate of deposit No. 62,561. Nevada
Bank $300; payment has been stopped; all
nersons warned against negotiating it; re-
ward. C. ?■ • 411 Taylor st. , -
LOST— Passbook' No. 61.601, Htbernia Savings
and Loan Society, In the name of MICHAEL
' HARLEY. Finder will please return to bank.^
FOX terrier," 5 months old; black back, with
white star; liver colored face. Return to It**"
Howard st. and receive liberal reward. '
LOST— Ticket from San Francisco to San Ber-
nardino; canceled "In railroad office; reward.
633 Washington St. ' •
LOST— Stanford N. S. G. W.. badge. Reward
at Call Office. L. F. COLDER.
LOST— Black greyhound: reward. 402 Third st.
JAPANESE pug dog: white, spotted black;
hangs tongue to- left side; answers to.
"Patsy." Return 154 Russ ; receive reward.
LOST— Saturday evening, bet. Green. Vallejn.
Stockton and Mason sts.. purse, money, pa-
pers. Send purse and papers. A. HANN
1600 Mason st.
LOST— Purse:' letters M. C. : on New Montgom-
ery; containing Jewelry and money. Finder
will receive reward by returning to MRS. D
A. RICHARDSON. 772 Eighteenth. Oakland.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibemia Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th_
name of ANDRO JOHNSON or JANE JOHN-
SON, No. 137-452. The finder will please re-
turn to bank.
LOST-Certificate of Deposit No. 62,635 of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco
dated ?rl June, 1599. for $250. in favor of c!
F. Houghton. Payment of same has been
stopped and all persons are warned against
negotiating such certificate; reward Box
• 4914, Call office.
FOUND— Collie dog; owner have same proving
property paying charges. 214 Fourth aye..
12 o clock.
CHEAPEST and best In The Weekly A
Call,. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
ignited States or Canada «»• year for $1.
postage paid.MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or dlscour-
ageu should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients
with even comfort, convenience of a hospital
nnd privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment. $5: no instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy
st . bet. Hyde and Larkin: office hours, 10 to
12. 2 to 4 and 7to S. Sundays by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
tit any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used; cure at office.
}' : home In confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save- time and expense by con-
Fiihlng the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MBS DR. WYETH, 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hours. 1" to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. : Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. __.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed- any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid; sure relief.
thousrh else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc • babies adopted: travelers treated: no de-
lay self-cure sent; call "i- write; free; confi-
dential. MRP. M. DAVIES. 122S Market St.:
piils. $1; very strong. $2.
TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause 1 positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $6; travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential;
liome -for patients; comfort and privacy.
MP.< DR KOHL, 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor: office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to S p. m.'J Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A sreat progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how' long standing; travelers helped )
' at once: sate: call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. $5; restores In 1 day and
I prevents disgrace: can be sent: consultation
free: ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.-
", -DR. G. W. O" .NELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly ir^gularl-
tifs, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any ether physician: never falls to
cure: consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can b» used at home: consultation
free: call or write. IC23V& Market st. |
X WONG WOO. herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-7« Clay st.. Ban Fran-
cisco: ail diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
n? c P herbs, over 3'"uX) varieties being used:
advice -■•: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. Ito 3
nnd 7 to 9 p. m.
I L female complaints cured In 24 hours; well ,
known, reliable, safe and sure: maternity ]
home :j no instruments: consultation free and
confidential: home treatment, $5. MRS. AL-
LEN. 2-S Van Ness tve.
I PE \U"S French r'Hs. a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure: $2 50;
exrresse.l C O D. ; don't delay until too late. ,
OSGOOD BROS.. Coant Agents. Oakland. Cal.
A— DR. 1 ? and I MRS. PILVA, 215H Mason Bt.-j|
Private home in confinement; iadies' friend
In trouble; terms reas.: call and be convinced.
DU>PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and j
efficlem emmenagegue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO.. druggist?. 4f>6 CJay. sole agts.
ELECTRO ma«sase for sexual debility, ner-
vousness an.i rheumatism. DR. A. F. KENT-
xi - - 11 C Eddy st.. will tend to your case.
DR ANH MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home In confinement; babies
arlcpte-1 into cood homes.
MRS fcCHAUD. midwife: pleasant sunny home
in confinement. i:,n Second st,' ; j ■■■!. Green j S2.
PR an.i Mrs Wise. 111S Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back: $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. ; 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 15 rages, sent to any address In • the
United States rirstrrtUl. for V, per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS:
PAINTERS' falls, ladders, etc., wanted. Ad-
dress -iOSB Nr.toma st.
WASTE!'- To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STON E. F.lmhurst.
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.,
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
. ______^—^—^^—^— ~^— — — — — —^
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission St.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. N'OONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
NEWFOUNDLAND, St. Bernard, pedigree
" Scotch collies, terriers- of all descriptions on
hanii. 236 Montgomery aye., cor. Broadway.
A GENUINE diamond ■•-•liar button - for $11.
cost originally $253 UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye. .
NEWFOUNDLAND, St. Bernard, Gordon Bet-
ters, also Scotch, fox. skye bull and bull ter-
rier pups. 236 Montgomery aye., nr.. Brdwy.
HIGH-GRADE, gentle cow and calf; good
milker; family use. 2571 24th st.
DAYTON computing scale revolving platform;
60-galion oil tank. SOl Turk st. .
DOMESTIC sewing- machine; almost new; oak
finish: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, planer, band saw,
wood planer; 2d-hand. J. BURKE, 139 Beale.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
selling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
ICE plant; 2d hand; complete: pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. WHITE, 516 Mission.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125, 3
h. p. $150, 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
DRESS pants, $2 96; flnesuits, $9 95. MisntCloth-
ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
SAFES— AII size?, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
fjz<-p: half original st. 109-111 Market. S. F.
HONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal" no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st,, above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 1 * per cent on real estate, 3d
am 2d mortgages, estates,- real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. .8.
• HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 546 Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
planes: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. HILL. 44, Merchants' Exchange.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
REAL estate, 6 per cent: 2d niortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50 000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d rrortgs.;
any preposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money gee H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and f> per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
Fame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$• per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Btelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
etR., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. r^£ .
ABSOLUTELY the olnVFt and largest house.
west of Chicago I* KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and pricks; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. . •; ; • :
HAINES BROS.. Baldwin and other standard
makes; second-hand. $100 up; wholesale prices
to all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright; cheap.
[MTTZ, IS McAllister, next to Hlbernia
.Bank.
FOR sale— A Kranich & Bach piano worth $500;
will sell for ?300 cash. 313 Leavenworth st.
OUR specialty Is renting pianos, organs, $1.
SCOTT, CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st. _^
AT $127; Steinway upright left by party going
Ea«t. 136 Ellis st.
A— sSs; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornunp Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
gale cheap. Wilson's Storage Room.". 171" Mkt.
R. A. DANIELS Is now With .BYRON
MAU7/T. 20S to 312 Post st. ' : : ;;:
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments, $5 75 up:
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
EOHMER.. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis Dlanoa.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AND STORES To Let.
ASHT<>.\ & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
$Go— los Taylor st.
JSC— 4SS Valencia St., corner Sixteenth.
j3f,_859 Mission St., near Fiftn.
$20—328 Montgomery avenue.
$22 50— Howard Bt., near Fifth.
• $17 — 256 First St.
$20—354 Fourth st. •
$25—1 319 Harris \ St.. corner Langton.
$20— STORE NW. cor. Post and Baker sts.,
with fixtures: complete for a grocery: 3 rooms
in the rear: a fine concrete cellar: water ri'"-.
OPTICAL GOODS.
MAYERLE'S eye water; a new discovery for
weak. sore, inflamed, itching, watery, burning,
painful and overstrained eyes and nerves; by
mail 50c. German Optical Institute, 1071% Mar-
ket. S. F. Waited— Reliable agt. in every Staf.
PALMISTRY.
mUe~NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St.. above Jones; classes;
office hoi, it. ItoB p. m. : readjng by mall. $1.
YOUR /ate is In your hand; children half price.
MME. c, HUM A INK. SC6 Market St., room 29.
A MMX NELL, the famous palmist. 916
Bush st.. between Taylor and Jones.
PERSONALS.
NOTICE— Any Information disclosing the Iden-
tity of the parties who sold liquor to COR-
NELIUS MANNING (the man who threw a
lighted lamp at his mother) while intoxicated
will be greatly appreciated if sent to E. L.
WADHAM. Secretary of the Eureka Society
for the Protection of Children.
WANTED— Responsible party to adopt intelli-
gent boy of 8 years; speaks German and Eng-
lish; satisfactory reason for request; refer-
ence if wished. Box 4SOB. Call office.
LA.DIES — The Equipoise waist has no equal;
Ypsilanti underwear. OBER'S, 34 Geary St.,
sole agent.
WANTED —To know the whereabouts of
FRANK EMMET LEIDEN, born In Nor-
wich, Chenan_6 Co., N. Y. ; worked at one
time for E. J. Baldwin. Address R. J. LEY-
DEN, 29 Court St., Norwich. Chenango Co..
N. Y. r . -
LEDERER'S Quintonica makes the hair glossy,
removes dandruff, cleanses the scalp; 35c bot. ;
Foamo shampoo, 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st.
THERE is only. one LEDERER; his artistic,
up-to-date hairdrepsing costs only 25c; Leder-
er's Foamo Shampoo, 5c pkg.; switches, $1
up; longest hair rolls, 30c. 123 Stockton st.
LIFE insurance policies bought for cash. W.
R. NICHOLSON, Attorney and Financial
Agent. International Hotel.
WHIST and poker club now organizing for
ladies arid gentlemen; references exchanged.
Box 4562. Call.
$1 HO— looo CARDS, statements, bill or note
heads; catalogue printing. BLEY'S Printing
House. 511 Sacramento St.; tel. Main 1-36.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Putter st.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 PER -week for lady's suit. Jacket 'or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co.. 1306 Stockton ft., near Broadway.
T. BRILLIANT. 338-340 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR. CREEI.Y'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln.sl4 Pine. ab.Krny.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture bought.
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Fclsom st.
LADIES' tailor-made suits; $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co.. 1814 Market st.; open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to. or-
der. K. YOS TAXI. 313 Sutter St.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
.WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. - O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell ft Mason:
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021& Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY' "WANTED.
LOT wanted— The best lot that about $100 will
buy; in San Francisco or- around bay. but
not over 45 minutes' travel to Call building.
Address box 4567, gall office.
PSYCIIOMETRY-
H^NRY~HARRISON BROWN, psychometrlst ;
reads character; gives advice from spirit side
of life; heals by laying on hands. 120 A Eddy.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — For Sale.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
BANKS PAY 3*4 PER CENT INTEREST.
REAL ESTATE FOUR TIMES AS MUCH.
INVESTMENTS UNDER $2000.
$I,9oo— Stone st., near- Jackson; 2 flats, 4 rooms
each; rents $18.
$1,750—4 blocks from Fourth and Market sts.;
3 flats, 4 rooms each; rents $26; never
has been vacant.
$I,6oo— Perry' St., near Third; front and rear
house; rents $17.
$1,600— blocks from Third and Market sts.;
2-story house, 7 rooms.
$I,2so— Near Broadway and Mason Bts.; 2 flats,
3 rooms each; rents $14.
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
$30,000— 0n O'Farrell St., 4 blocks from Market;
lot 55:6x137:6.
MUST BE SOLD— MAKE OFFER.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$10,000—3 modern flats on Grove st. and 4 flats
on Birch aye.: rents $102.
$8,000— 2 modern flats on McAllister st. of 10
and 6 rooms.
$5,100—2 modern flats, -6 and i rooms and bath;
near Park Panhandle.
$5,000—2 new modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; rents $40; on Golden Gate aye.
$4,000 — and 5 rooms and 6-room flat
above; on Btelner st. ..:
MISSION FLATS.
$s,soo— Near Twenty-third and Howard Bts.; 3
new flats of 5 rooms each; 28x65; rents
' $48; all rented.
$3,750— Shot-well St.. near Twenty-first; 2 mod-
ern flats. 4 and 5 rooms and bath; lot
30x133:6. ■':
$3.300— 0n Twenty-third st. ; 2 new flats, 6 and 6.
rooms and bath and basement: rents $33.
$3,ooo— Reduced; 1 block north of Market st..; 2
flats, 6 and 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x115;
street bituminlzed; lot worth money.
We are preparing our catalogue for our nejet
regular auction sale. For further particulars
apply to EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
«38 Market st.
$3750-$6OO CASH, balance monthly: large cor-
ner on Dolores st. ; new residence of 7 rooms
and bath; cost owner $4500; must be sold.
$4750— 5500 CASH, balance monthly; reasonable
interest; can have option of paying any sum
above amount agreed upon, as this Is not a.
building and loan proposition; new residence
of 8 modern rooms and bath, electric and gas
lighting; furnace heat throughout: large lot;
grand view. Apply 232 Liberty St., near
Dolores.
' ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
Valencia-st. lots; any size; $135 per front
foot; fronting on 2 streets.
Twenty-third St., corner San Jose aye, with
improvements, $5500.
Second and Silver sts; corner, with Improve-
ments, $6700. '
$2200— GOOD chance: closing estate; 65-foot
grocery corner with 2 tenements on lflf.ide
25 feet; corner 40 feet vacant: both streets
accepted. H. J., box 4802, Call.
$6500— ELEGANT new house, 10 rooms; Spruce,
near Clay; marine view; terms to suit; ev-
erything modern.
$600 CASH, balance on time; new corner 4-
rooms bay-window house, stable. 1433 Shot-
well st. •_.
A SACRIFICE; $1750; I flats. 9 rooms; hard
finished; beautiful view; no agents.. 4083
Army at.
$1700— NEW house: brick foundation; i room*
and bath. SPECK, 6C7 Market st. .
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue, and you wish to 'sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN. 419 Montgomery.
REAL (ESTATE COUNTRY— Sale
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7600
' acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season or 1897-08 address THE
COT ATI CO. .302 California St., S. F.
FOR sale or to let— Small ranch; good place for
chickens. 45 Prosper st. ■
FRUIT grain and stock farms. . ; .
W. D.' HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
THE SAN FKAJNUISCQ CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 12, 1899.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange— 4o-a ere unincumbered
apricot orchard in the famous early fruit belt,
11-,I 1 -, miles from Vacavllle; trees just In bearing
and all on Myrobolan ro..t; splendid oppor-
tunity to secure profitable property at very
low figure, as owners are non-residents and
desirous of concentrating their interests; price
$7500; one-tii.rd cash, balance on easy terms,
or will exehanKe for acceptable city property.
For full particulars address HORACE STEV-
KNS. Vacavillf!. Cal.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. l'-3"» Market st.; popular pric»p
lIOO.MS FOR HOISEKEEPI.>«.
CASTRO. 429. rear— 2 private Bunny unfurnish-
ed; large yard: stable optional, cheap.
EDDY, 917 — 2 nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping roomfe; low rent to quiet, permanent
»enant; private residence; no children.
ELLIS, Soo— Fror.t', sunny rooms, completely
furnished for housekeeping; all newly furn-
ished; also unfurnished rooms.
FIFTH, 309— New house, nicely furnished, bay-
window rooms, with kitchen complete, house-
keeping; also suit- of :i connecting rooms.
FILLMORe" 2308, near Clay— sls; 5 clean sunny
rooms; bath; nice yard and water.j
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404—3 neatly fur., 2 front,
with closets; hot, cold water; gas range; bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— Large sunny front
room, $10; single room,. $5; housekeeping.
HOWAI : rooms furnished for house-
keeping, with sunny yard^
HOWARD, 525, bet. First and Second— Nice
furnished sunny room, and also housekeeping
HOWARD. TlS';. nr. Third— Two frnshed rma.;
hot, cold, wat.; bath; private family; $9 mo^
JACKBON, Bi>l9~ Elegant residence 4 furnished
rooms, one floor; $27 50, with gas.
MARKET, 102S -Large Funny front room and
kitchen, folding bed. $12; 3 unfurnished, $6.
MINNA, 111 1 *, nr. 2d— Furnished hkpg rooms,
$1 25 per week; also cheap single rooms.
MISSION, 112?— Clean, sunny housekeeping
and other rooms; cheap^
NATOMA, 62— S furnished housekeeping rooms,
$8 a month. .
POWELL, 911, near Sacramento— 3 unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; rent fll; from 12 to 6.
PROSPECT place, 123, off California, between
Stockton and Powell— Large room and kitchen:
fine view of bay; morning sun; $10; pri. Ger.
SEVENTH, ITS— Large sunny furnished front
housekpg room; large closet and yard; $10 mo.
SOUTH PARK, U»— Double and single rms.,
for hkpg; front and sunny; frnsh. or unfrnsh.
STEVENSON 403 cor. Fifth— Nicely furnished
connecting housekpg rooms; complete; cheap.
SUTTER 1111. nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
WASHINGTON, 2907 — Upper floor, 3 large
rooms and bath; rent $16.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn, and I'nfnrn.
A-BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms
26c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable^
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service: elevator;
bath; rooms, «0c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KIM..
AT New Grand, 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 39 Turk. cor. Tavlor— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; also hpkg. rms.: reas.; transient.
BRANNAN, 324, between Second and Third—
Nicely furnished rooms, with bath.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye .— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished 'sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
Eppy, 926 — Suite of rooms; also single room^
ELLIS 424 bet. Jones and Leavenworth— Nice-
ly fur. sunny front suite; 4 or 5 gents; bath.
ELLIH. UG I large parlors; also housekeeping
rooms. j
ERIE 47, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth—
Three convenient furnished housekeeping
rooms; garden.
FERNWELL, 34 Kearny. 47 Post -Sunny bath-
room suite; also single rooms; transient.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant eunny unfurnished rooms
to let!
FOLPOM. 739— Furnished rooms; single, $1 15
per week; housekeeping, $2 up.
FOURTH 138H, nr. Mission— New management:
newly lrnshJ and renovated: choice front rma
GEARY. 405 (The Navar7e)-Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HiLH.
GOLDEN STATE, 106 Eddy— Rooms for stu-
dents; sunny rooms by day, week or month.
GRXND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: t\ 50 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.; elev.: free baths.
HOWARD, 646, near 3d— New house.^ 30 rms. ;
newly frnshd: single, double; gas: $v upward.
IVANHOE 1002 Polk. cor. Geary— New manage-
ment; fur. hkpg suites (3 to 5 r.), $15 up: ref.
LOMBARD, 102 L nr. Hyde— B Rooms; yard;
fine view; $16.
MARKET 783%— Neat newly furnished rooms;
central location; $1 to $2 oi> per week.
MASON, lf'lH-i— Furnished rooms from $3 up.
MINNA. C7l B — Nice sunny rooms; rent $5 to $S
per month. •
MINNA, 697, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 654, nr. Third— 2 Sunny rooms; new-
ly furnished; $10 and $6 per month^
MONTGOMERY aye., 116— Large bay-window
room; running water: for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
NATOMA. 282 Vi, near Fourth— Two unfurnished
rooms; water and yard; rent $5.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
POWELL 15, bet. Market and p:i!is— Prettily
furn. rms.: single and en suite; new mangt.
POWELL, 317. formerly Cosmos Clvb — Ele-
gantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room? per night. 35c to $150;
week, $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat. ; bath*.
SEVENTH, 178— Cheerful sunny furnished front
rooms, $1 wk. ; also large hkp. rma.. $1 25 wlc.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 409. and 22 Mint aye.— Sunny
front fur. rms., others, from $1; quiet house.
THE Clyde. BfH4 Geary— Fine sunny front
rooms; transient; 50c up^
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth St., cor. Minna-
Sunny bay-window rooms.
THE Oliver, 965 Folsom. nr. 6th— Sunny corner
rms., suites and- single; gas, bath; also hkpg.
TURK. £4."— Nice sunny single room: on parlor
floor; private family: $1 CO per week. t .
YALE.. 112 Taylor— Sunny furnished and un-
furni'sh«><l FUltes. $:. up; single, $1 M up.
BBWUIG >lACHI\ES A\D SUPPLUDS.
U MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
|_Kfi REBECCA PANTOBB-SS having with-
out cause left my home, bed and board, I will
not be responsible for any debts contracted
by her. HERMAN PANTOSKEY.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant'
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half orphan
girls and boys have been admitted to the
asylum from January 1, 1899, to July 1, 1899:
Anita Lindner, 3 yrn. ; Alice W. Bowles, 3 yrs.
7 mos. ; Clarissa Cook, 7 yrs. ; Annie A. Klan«.
S yrs 11 mos.; Maearthe G. Klang, 8 yrs.;
Hazel Magulre. 7 yr?. ; Emma L. Oedfng, 5
yrs. 4 mo*.; Myrtle Oeding, 2 yrs. 9 mos.;
Emily Seymour, 11 yrs. 7 mos.; Maggie Green,
14 yrs.; Stanley E. Williamson. 9 yrs.; Wil-
liam Lindner, 4 yrs.; Victor Beck, 3 yrs.;
Clarence Hawkins, 7 yrs. 11 mos. ; Harold M.
Ross 3 yrs.; James C. Cook, 4 yrs.; William
M. Hale, 12 yre. ; Bert S. Hale, 9 yrs. 7 mos.
MARIA KIP Orphanage. 520 Lake St.. S. F.,
hereby gives notice that the following or-
phans and half orphan girls have been re-
ceived In the orphanage from April 1 to June
30, li>99: La vina Chapman, 6" years; Alice
Hweet, 6 year«; Ellen Kempner. 1 year 8
months; Ethel Hooper. 6 years: Nell Rose
Hlndeman, 11 years 4 months; Eliza Buckow,
11 years 3 months; Florence Irvine, 4 years;
Irene Irvine. S years.
IN consequence of the request of tha Board
of Health that orphan asylums refrain, dur-
ing tne threatened epidemic of smallpox,
from having regular visiting days, Maria
Kip Orphanage will not receive visitors on
the day generally set apart, to Insure the
continuance of the good health which at pres-
ent prevails.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 31D 3d st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
_____________ _
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offices. 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings, $1; diagnosis free.
MMF PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card" reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond fight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladies, 5Cc; gents, $1: sit., $150. 126 Turk.
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night at 8:15 sharp;
sittings daily, 10 to 4. ISO 9 Stockton St.. near
Greenwich. '___
Ml RINES, 909 Market. Wednesday, X p. m.:
Mrs. Sceley, Gillingham; doctor's office, 1236
Market St.; free. -
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley, medium; tells your
life from cradle to grave; 60c, $1 up. 106 Tay-
lor fit., parlors 3-5: ' •
LARKIN, 117— To-night B. S. Garrison and
others in phenomena; -only. 10c.- v
MEDIUMS' Protective Ass>n. to-night, Mm«.
Young's Hall; Mrs. Seal and other mediums.
MRS ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri. 2 p. m.;
Hon.. 8: 25c: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
. STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, . F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post st., cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
• furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.."tel. Black 311.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FINE lot on bay <=hore.
jISOO— Foreclosure; 2-story. 8 rooms ana bath;
lot 40x120; near Grand-st. station; cost $3500.
Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot
52x150; near High School and depot; terms, $100
cash $10 per month.
$3200— New cottage, 8 rooms. and bath; lot 42-
-207; open plumbing, plate glass, etc.; half block
from station and High School; easy terms.
• Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
WE offer the following special bargains:
House, 9 rooms and bath; lot 50x170; all
street work done; near station.
$650— Lot 30x40; Pacific aye.
$1600— Largo 6- room cottage, modern; lot 50x
160; stable, etc. ",_V-f
$1700— Lot 50x150. \- : "'.-
Santa Clara ave.— 3oo feet water front lots:
finest location in Alameda: great reduction In
prices. E. P. JUDD & CO.. 1424 Park st.
ALAMEDA ROOM- AND lIOAKU.
HOME for ladles In delicate health: large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUNKB. 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR RENT— nicely furnished house of 11
rooms, bath, etc.; rent $65: situated In upper
Dwight way. Apply JOSEPH J. MASON.
Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
GOOD corner San Pablo' avenue, beyond Gold-
en Gate, very cheap. C. K. KING, 902
Broadway, Oakland. ;
SALOON, well located; fixtures complete; $200.
C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
MONEY to loan on houses; will sell two nice
little cottages: installments; for amt. loaned
on them. J. D. BENNETT, 802 Broadway.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 paxes, In wrapper, for mailing. ?1 per year.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALB.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11 th and Franklin, Oakland.,
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco — At a regular meet-
ing of the board of directors of this bank,
held July 5, 1599, a dividend was declared for
the half year ending June 30, 1899, at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the • 15th inst. Transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the
loth Inst., both days Inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
, ' July 11, 1899.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 69 (25c per
share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., en and after
THURSDAY July 20. 1599. Transfer .books
will close on FRIDAY, July 14, 1899. at 3
o'clock p. m. K. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., July 8, 1899— Sealed proposals, in tri-
plicate, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. August 8, 1599, and then opened, for
furnishing- forage and bedding at the sev-
eral military posts In this department for
fiscal year ending June 30, 1900. Information
furnished here or by quartermasters at posts.
U. S. reserves right to reject or accept any
or all prooosals or any part thereof. En-
velopes containing proposals should be
marked: "Proposals for Forage and Bedding
at " and addressed to undersigned. J. W.
JACOBS. C. Q. M.
UNITED STATES Engineer's Office. Flood
building. Ban Francisco. Cal.. July 8.
1899. Sealed proposals for dredging In Alviso
Harbor, Cal., will be received here until 12
o'clock, noon, August 10, 1599. Information
furnished on application. W. H. HEUER,
Major. Engineers.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices cent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at ■ either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
MATTSON— In this city, July 11, 1899, to the
wife of S. Mattson, a daughter.
NAUMAN— this city, July 2, 1599, to the
wife of H. A. Nauman, a son-
PARKER— In this city, July 9, 1899, to the wife
of F. W. Parker, a son.
PEDERSEN— In this city, June 2S, 1599, to the
■ wife of J. Pedersen. a son. ■ 
MARRIED.
BELL— KEYSER— In this city,' July 6. 1899, Ar-
thur D. Bell and Margaret A. Kcyser.
| CORRIGAN— HIBY— this city, July 10, 1899,
I • at Simpson Memorial Church, by the Rev.
John Stephens, James Corrigan and Lillian
Hlby. ?-:" r
HELLER— DUNN— this city, July 7, 1899,
by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D., Wil-
liam S. Heller of Santa Rosa and Mrs. Min-
nie Dunn of San Jose. ■ ■ 1 -.„':
_________
DIED.
Aurrecolchea, Jose Little. Francis W. 8.
Bryn, Charley L. Lytgens, Henrietta
Cullen, Ellen McGhee. Catharine
Edmonds. Mary B. McKelvey, John J.
Foley, Mary ' ' Morton, James
Granville, Maurice O' Byrne, Dr. John M.
Guittard. Etlenne Olsen. Capt. Harry E.
' Hammond. Emily L. Peterson, Carl L.
Johnston, Harry J. Ray, Arthur G.
Kennedy, Mary A. Stewart. Charles ,
Kervin, Patrick Trlpp, Leander
Leland. Matilda J. .
AURRECOLCHEA— and acquaintances
are respectfully invited to attend the requiem
high mass to-morrow (Thursday), at 9:30
o'clock, for the eternal rest and peace of the
late Jose Aurrecolchea at the Spanish Church,
Nuestra Senora de Guadalupe, Broadway and
Mason street. • ■ •
BRYN— Alameda, July 11, 1899. Charley L.
Bryn. dearly beloved son of Lena M. Ander-
sen and the late Captain J. F. Bryn, and
brother of Frank, Oscar and Helmer Bryn and,
Florence Andersen, a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years 8 months and 24 days. ■
CULLEN— this city, July 11, 1599, Ellen,
relict of Patrick Cullen, and beloved mother
of William F., Patrick H.. Cornelius J.,
Thomas J., Richard R., Sarah J. and Mary
E. • Cullen, and sister of Mrs., P. Cassln, a
native of Thurles, County Tipperary, Ire-
land, aged 65 years. . .
. B-JTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1274 Tenth avenue, south of the Park,
between H and I streets, thence to St. Agnea
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
. be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
EDMONDS— In this city, July 9, 1899, Mary
htNRV d. (iALLAGHcR CO..
(Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln ocbnoL -:i
Telephone South 80.
lAlc/WOV «fc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
1235 Market St.. between Sth and 9th. I
Telephone. South 247. -_• I
Elizabeth, widow of Marcus A. Edmonds,
and beloved mother of Annie C, Harry W.
M. and Frank W. Edmonds, a native of
Madison, Me.
tr^T Friends and acquaintances are respect -
fuliy invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence. 913 Bush street. Interment private.
FOLEY-In this city. July 9, UM, at her resi-
dency 72".«> N'atoma street, Mary, beloved
wife of Patrick Foley, and mother of James
P. and Katie Foley and Mrs. Frank Staples,
and a native of County Fermanagh, Ireland.
EXFWenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tins day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 725 1 ,; Natoma street, thence to bt.-
Joseph's Church. Tenth street, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ORANVILLE-In this city, July 11, 1899. Mau-
rice W.. beloved son of James and Annie
Granville. and brother of Katie and James
Granville and Mrs. Mary Lynch, a native of
San Francisco, aged 27 years and 3 days.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the r>arlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. ib<
Mission street.
GUITTARD— At Burkes Sanitarium. Sonoma
County. July 10. 1899, Etlenne Stephane, be-
loved husband of Anna Guittani, and father
of Georse and Horace Guittard, Mrs. Caval-
sky and Emfl, Adrlenne. Frank and Beatrice
Oulttard. a "native of France, aged 61 years 1
monih and 2 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1R25 Clay street, thence to Masonic
Temple, where services will be held. uncW
the auspices of La Parfaite Union No. 17. F.
and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HAMMOND— In this city, entered Into rest,
July 9, 1899, Emily Louise, dearly beloved
daughter of John and Mary Hammond, a na-
tive of Boston. Mass.
ET Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 9:43 o'clock, at St. Luke's Church.
corner of Van Ness avenue and Clay street,
leaving residence, 714 Geary street, at 9:15
o'clock. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
Oaklind. Please omit flowers.
JOHNSTON— In this city. July 11. 1599. Harry
J beioved son of Harry .T. and Minna John-
ston, and brother of Ruth and Grace John-
ston, a native of San Francisco, aged 11
months and 2 <?ays.
ICy.Frien.is and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 1285 Union street, between
Hyde and Larkln. Interment Odd Fellows
Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city, July 10, 1899.- Mary
Ann, beloved wife of Paul Kennedy, and be-
loved sister of Catharine Baruc?ci of British
Columbia, a native of Victoria, B. C, aged
38 years and 6 months. (Victoria, B. C, pa-
pers please, copy.)
tC7"The funeral will be h°ld to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantnsr & Guntz Undertaklne Com-
pany, 8 and 10 City Hall square, thence to
Bacred Heart Church, corner Fell and Fill-
more streets, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the rei>os» of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KERYIN— In San Jos*. Patrick Kervin of Vlr- ;
glnia City, Nev., husband of Minnie Kervin, j
and father of May, Henry and Hope Kervin.
a native of County Wexford, Ireland, aged bl
yean-;.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
LELAND— In Oakland, July 9. 1599, Matilda J..
beloved wife of Captain H. D. Leland.
mother of George F. Sampson and sister of
Albert F. and R. Frank lladley, a native of
Maine, aged 64 years 1 month and 20 days.
(C?' Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Ivy Chapter, O. E. S., are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11:40 o'clock. . from the
family residence, 2SO Ninth street, between
Alice and Harrison. Eastern Star Bervicfc
at Golden Gate Commandery Hall, 629 Sutter
etreft. at 2:3") o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery, San Francisco.
LITTLE— In Oakland, July 11, 1599, Francis
W. S., beloved husband of Laura F. Little,
father of Vievin Little, and brother of Mrs.
Andrew Wilkie, Miss Jennie Little. Mrs.
Wal*er Little and Mr. Alfred Little of San
Francisco, Mrs. W. E. Price of Oakland,
Mrs. Horace Jones of Sacramento and Mrs.
A. W. Stuart of Chicago, a native of San
Francisco, aged 38 years.
[TTThe funeral will be held to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence, 1217 Twenty-fifth avenue, East Oak-
land. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LYTGENS— In Redwood City. San Mateo
County, July 11. 1599, Henrlette M. J.. b<>-
love.i wife of Julius w. Lytstenn, and mother
of Julyette, Olga. Edna. Julius and -Rita
Lytsens, a native of Copenhagen, Denmark,
aged 45 years 6 months and 13 days.
[CTTriends and p.cquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Ivy Hall. 20
Bddy street, thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery
for cremation. Please omit flowers.
McGHEE— In this city, July 11, 1599. Cathar-
ine McGhee, beloved mother of Sadie and
May McGhee, Mrs. Harry White and Mm.
Agnes MeClure, and sister of Mrs. Anna Gar-
field, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years.
McKELVEY-In this city. July 10. 1899. John
J eldest and denrly beloved son of Samuel
arid Anna B. McKelvey. and brother of Ma-
thilda B. and Samuel A. McKelvey, a native
of San Francisco, aged 8 years 8 months and
28 days.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday) at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 3*3 First avenue, near Cle-
ment street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MORTON— In this city. July 11. 1899. James
Morton, a native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
O'BYRNE— In Ocean View, July 10, 1R99, Dr.
John Mortimer O'Byrne, beloved husband of
Kate O'Byrne. a native of County Kilkenny,
Ireland, aired 39 years.
IjyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 310 Plymouth street, thence to St.
Michael's Church. Broad street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OLSEN —At Larsen Bay, Alaska, Captain
Harry E. Olsen (late master of the ship St.
Nicholas), beloved husband of Louise Olsen,
and father of Mabel, Pearl and Louis Olsen.
a native of Frederlckstadt, Norway, asred 38
years 4 months and 27 days. A member of
Hercules Lodge No. SS, A. O. V. W.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother-in-law. Mrs. Marie Wiesen-
hav.;rn. 1623 Grove street. Interment Odd
Fellyws' Cemetery.
PETERSON— In this city, July 9, IS!>9. Carl L.
Peterson, a native of Norway, aged 42 years.
t^Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
via electric funeral far from Eighth and
Harrison streets at 9:SO o'cloc*.
BAY— In this city, July 10, lS'.ffl, Arthur G., son
of Mrs. S. C. and the late Dr. D. Ray, and
brother of C. E., H. C. and F. P. Ray. a na-
tive of California, aged 42 years 1 month and
ICTFuneral services will be held this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at the parlors of
Halsted & Co., »*6 Mission street. Interment
private.
STEWART— In this city. July 10, lSr-9. Charles,
beloved husband of Margaret Louisa Stewart.
a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 68 years.
(Sacramento papers please copy.)
ErTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day at
2 o'clock, from his late residence. ioOi Gough
street. Interment strictly private.
TRIPP— In the City and County Hospital.
July 11. 1899, Leander Tripp, a native of Maa-
yncliusetts. aged 66 years.
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Thoma* D. Wakelee to Susan E. Wakelee,
lot on NW line of Natoma street. 175 SW of
Fifth 6W 50 by NW 80; also lot on W line of
Capp street, 125 8 ol Nineteenth, S 45 by W
D ' B Brown to Lillian L. Gamage, lot on
BE 'corner of Sierra (Twenty-second) and In
diana streets. S 42:8. SE 128:5. NE 60. NW
115-9 W 27:1: $600.
Thoma3 F. and Ellen M. Doyle to Gustave
Peterson lot on E line of Twenty-third ave
nue, 250 N of California Btreet, M 50 by E
120:' JlO.
Charles L Nlderost to William J. Herrin, -lot
on W line of Twentieth avenue, 325 S of Point
Lohos S 26 by W 120: $10.
Charles Sladky to Michael CDonnell, lot on
W line of Fourteenth avenue, 50 N of J street,
N 25 by W 100; $10.
Thomas F. and Annie Crelghton to Ellen W.
Yoaehun lot on W line of Hampshire street
275 N of Augusta, N 50 by W 100. lots 202 and
203 Silver Terrace Homestead; gift.
Amy or Amy G. Erickson to Peter A. or Alex
Ltnd, lot 23, block 48, Sunnyside; $10.
B Kelsey to Sadie M. Morgan, lot on N line
of Bush street, M> E of Lyon, E 25 by N 100; $U\
Sadie M. Morgan to Andrew C. Lund, same;
Martin D. Murphy (by B. P. Oliver* commis
sioner) to Hinernla Saving* and Loan Society,
lot on NE corner of Geary and Lyon streets,
E 112:6 by N 137:8; $7226.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Manuel H.
Girardin lot on E line of Primrose (Carmel-
Ua) street. 265 S of Waller, S 23:2' i. X 95:7%,
N 34:3"4. W 95, lot 16, block 3, Marion Tract
(Hospital Lot); $10. __
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs E. V. Danglada (owner) with White
Brothers (contractors), architect J. v . Dolll
ver—\ll work, except painting, plumbing,
stucco art glaps. mantels and gas fixtures, for
a two-story frame building (flats) on N line
of Clay street, near Central avenue: frame up,
$1187 STR4; brown coatM. $1197 87^: building ac
cented $1197 S7'i: 85 days after, $1197 871,; total,
$4791 50 : bonds $1200. C. H. Phillips and T. M.
Mcl^ichlan sureties; limit, 95 working days;
forfeit, $5 per day: plans and specifications
filed. ' _ M „
Mutual Life Insurance Company nf Isew
y.rk (ownf-r) with Gray Brothers (contractors),
architect Nathaniel Hlaledell— Excavation, sand
filling and concrete floor for alterations and
additions to three brick buildings on E line
of Sahsome Btreet. 139:2 V S of California. E
137-6 N 50:2 V*. W 66:2V5. N 23. W 23. N 60, W
48 3'Vi S 139:2*4: excavations and fillings are
completed and rough concrete laid and tamped,
$650; completed and accepted, $765; 35 days
after $472 t"tal $18»7; bonds $472. Fidelity and
Deposit Company of Maryland surety; limit.
23 working day?; forfeit, $10 per day; no plans
cr specifications filed.
CORPORATIONS
ARE CITED TO
SHOW CAUSE
Must Explain Small
Tax Payments.
WELLS-FARGO HOTLY GRILLED
SUPERVISORS SIT AS A BOARD
OF EQUALIZATION.
Protests Against Erroneous Assess
ments Coming la in Bunches,
but in Most Cases Assess
or's Figures Stand.
The banks and quasi-public corpora
tions are to be hard put to it to explain
just why they should not shoulder their
just -share of the taxes that are this year
to be paid into this city and county. It j
| is the opinion of Assessor Dodge that he
; has about everything assessed that can
j be touched under the law or which has
not been converted into drafts and de
i posited temporarily with foreign eorre
j spondents of local banking institutions,
but the Supervisors have an idea that
they may find a way to go him one bet
ter, and to this end they yesterday
adopted a resolution citing about every
banking institution, public or private,
and money broker of importance in this
city to appear before them while sitting
as a Board of Equalization and show
cause why their assessments shall not
go up.
"Tackle it if you want to," said Asses
sor Dodge to them yesterday. "I have
spent the better part of a month in go
ing over their books, and in some easeg
i they have openjy laughed at me. I have
got them assessed as close as they can
! be, considering, of course, legal exemp
j tions and their ability to evade taxation
ion certain classes of collateral. Its the
I private banking firms we are afraid of.
The man around the corner who may be
using $3,000,000 or $4,000,000 in his busi
ness but who renders a statement to me
of only $100,000, the law does not give
me the right to inspect his books and I
j can do nothing with him."
The board agreed with Assessor
Dodge that he probably had every
thing charged against the corpora
i tlona that he could find, but at the
I same time thought it would be as
j well to have them all up and question
; them as to their franchises. Consequent
ly Mr. Algeltinger offered a resolution
calling upon them to appear on the morn
ing of the 14th and show cause. Only
Lackmann and Heyer voted against it.
Assessor Dodge made one exception in
his list of untouchable banks. It was
that philanthropic institution owned and
operated by Wells, Fargo & Co. The
Wells-Fargo people, although' maintain
ing their headquarters in San Francisco,
are Incorporated under the laws of Colo
rado. They have branches in New York,
Utah and Portland. They have a sur
| plus of $6,712,000 on a capital of $500,000.
j but that vast amount is farmed out
I among their branches and cannot be
! taxed in this State, notwithstanding that
the company's chief place of business is
here, for the reason that under the law
such funds can only be taxed in the home
I of the corporation— the place under the
laws of which it is incorporated.
""Wells-Fargo's president only laughed
at us," said Mr. Dodge, "and he told me
that he could come in here next year
and not pay a cent in taxes unless he
wanted to, and I guess he is pretty near
right. They simply unload their taxable
holdings among their branches and we
cannot touch them. All that we can as
sess them on here is real estate to the
tune of $2,172,947 and cash, which they
have notified us amounts to $496,099."
The Assessor said that there was just
one way of getung at the company and
that was by raising the assessment on
their banking franchise, which he has
already assessed at $10,000. and this prop
osition the board will consider.
In considering protests against this
year's assessments the board is for fhe
most part backing up Mr. Dodge's fig
ures, although few reductions have yet
been requested. Nearly all of yesterday
was given up to considering reductions
ranging from $50 to half as many thou
sand.
Two representatives of the Callagham
Estate Company came in to order a re
duction in a valuable triangular piece of
| property at West Mission and Potter
j streets. It was assessed last year at
$125,000; this year Mr. Dodge voluntarily
reduced it to $115,000. The estate wanted
it cut down to $57.000 and bandied not
many words in making its wants known.
Investigations developed that there was
every probability that the city owned the
| property and that the holders were little
I more than squatters. The assessment
was promptly raised to last year's figures
and the Callaghams retired disgruntled.
Property owners, or plausible rep
i resentatives, came to the front to
I swear glibly that their holdings were
not worth half the assessment, but
when asked as to their insurance it
developed that in most cases they car
ried policies for amounts far in excess
of the assessment. As insurance com
panies take risks only on about 60 per
cent of the actual valuation of the prop
erty, there was nothing left for the board
to do but deny. the petitions.
The Columbia Savings and Loan So
ciety sent in a representative w T ho was
loaded up with unkind things to be shot
at the Assessor. Dodge assessed the so
ciety's franchise at $2500, and the soci
ety's representative said that when he
i asked the Assessor upon what he had
based his calculation that official was
unable to tell him and referred him to
I "his expert." "If he based it upon the
number of our depositors." said he, "then
the assessment of the Hioernia Bank
should be raised a hundred or so times
what it is to be in proportion." The so
ciety's kick was well delivered, notwith
standing rather a severe struggle with
! modern English on the part of the ora
' tor. but it had no effect upon the board
I and the assessment remained at the origi
nal $2500.
The board will continue its considera
tion of property at 10 o'clock this morn
ing. _________» _
LOTS OF FUN AT THE
CAKEWALK CARNIVAL
THREE HUNDRED COUPLES TO
COMPETE FOR THE PRIZES.
Champions From All Parts of the
Country to Exhibit Their Pro
ficiency to San Fran
ciscans.
Manager Buckley declares emphatically
that the great international cake-walk
carnival that is to be held in the
Mechanics' Pavilion for one week com
mencing Saturday night will be the great
est show of the kind ever seen in San |
Francisco, and it begins to look as though ;
he knew what he was talking about, j
Two hundred and seventy-eight couples '
I have already been entered in the various
i prize contests, and the number anx- :
[ lous to exhibit their talents in the numer
oua exhibition walks to be put on for the i
entertainment of the spectators is sur- i
prising. Prominent among the stars who ;
will appear are F. W. Tillman, the cham
pion cake-walker of Oregon; Chan Kirn
Poon, the original Chan Toy of "The j
j First Born"; A. F. Williams and "Lady," '
the champion cake-walkers of San Fran- I
cico; Master Frankie Butner. the 3-year- '
old wonder of Oakland; Gladys Montagne
and Blanche Treleuse, the midget artists
of this city, and little Harry Mangels, the
juvenile champion, also of this city.
Every day there will be from twelve to
forty couples competing in the champion
ships, and every evening the show will ;
begin with the grand pageant of the entry
of the king and queen of the carnival,
with beautifully decorated floats reure- •
senting the "Birth of the Cake," "The ,
Cake Up to Date" and "The International
Cake."
Another feature of the carnival will be :
the exhibitions of the Delsartean walk
and beauty poslngs by twenty couples
under the direction of Mrs. L. Honn. The
famous steam man, the marvel of the
nineteenth century, will also be among the |
i attraction*. 1
DECLINE TO
ACT WITH THE
HEALTH BOARD
Harbor Commission
ers Have No Power.
CONEMAUGH SAILS FOR MANILA
QUARANTINED PASSENGERS OF
NIPPON MARU LANDED.
Elaborate Preparations on the Front
for the Reception of Oregon
TToops — First Water
melons of Season.
The Harbor Commissioners yesterday
decided to take no action on the request
of the local Board of Health for their
co-operation in refusing to allow vessels
! to dock unless they had a clean bill of
health. Two weeks ago a communication
was received relating to the subject,
which was referred to Attorney Budd for
his advice as to the powers of the Com
missioners in the matter, and he recom
mended that the communication be filed.
He argued that the Harbor Board could
not act except in a specific case whera
there was no doubt of the presence of
infectious diseases on the vessels and that
the Federal, State and municipal health
authorities were competent to deal with
the contingency.
Commissioner Kilburn presented the
names of two men for appointment as
collectors and Commissioners Herold and
Harney voted favorably. Eugene Sulli
van, former Assemblyman of the Forty
fifth District, succeeds G. A. Murphy, and
■ M. H. Barry, former Assemblyman of the
P'orty-fourth. took J. M. Nashs place.
The terms of the displaced officers have
both expired.
The transport Conemaugh left yester
day afternoon for Manila with 276 horses
for the Fourth Cavalry. lieutenant Wi
nans and a squad of thirty-five men are
in charge of the animals. The latter are
j ranged along the sides of the vessel in
small stalls and will be given a chance to
' stretch themselves at Honolulu.
The fifty-four liberated passengers of
the Nippon Maru came over from quaran
tine yesterday morning on the steamer
Caroline. Captain W. G. Leale landed
the happy band at Jackson-street wharf,
I where three cheers were given for Dr.
! Kinyoun, Federal Quarantine Officer. The
| Governor Perkins met them off Lombard
street wharf and local Quarantine Officer
Colin stamped their health certificates.
The transport City of Para will leave
to-morrow with the headquarters band,
four companies of the Twenty-fourth In
fantry and two troops of the Fourth
Cavalry. The Tartar leaves on the 22d
with 1100 men of the Nineteenth Infantry.
The Tacoma will take on 200 horses in
about three days.
The bark Santiago, the first of the over
due sugar packets, arrived yesterday
morning, thirty days from Hilo, with four
I passengers. She went to Long wharf,
i Oakland, to discharge her cargo.
Angus Beaton, a re-enlisted soldier
! waiting for assignment, was brought to
the Harbor Hospital yesterday to be
treated for an ugly wound on the right
side of the head. Beaton, who was per
fectly sober, claims that he was struck
on the head With a revolver by Officer
Davis, a new member of the police force,
I who was not in uniform, and without any
provocation. He says he was walking
I along near the Hotel Nymphia with a
friend, another soldier, whom Davis
! kicked and followed it up by striking
I Beaton. The latter was charged with
I disturbing the peace. Dr. Rice dressed
his wound.
Four minor cases were treated at the
Harbor Hospital. E. Moore, a teamster,
sustained a compound fracture of the
hand v.hile loading a boiler on Mission
i and East streets. A. Haven had a piece
of steel extracted from his right index
finger and Joseph H. Muller had his left
index finger ground off by an emery
! wheel at the Daw Strain Pump "Works.
Edward Lynch was arrested by Officers
I Dalton and Crosby on suspicion of- hav
| ing broken Robert Hamilton's leg on,
! Fisherman's wharf last Sunday in an al
tercation. Lynch was charged with may
hem, but says he knows nothing of the
assault and was not there when It oc
curred.
The first watermelons of the season ar
rived yesterday from Fresno, and Com
mission Merchant McDonough was en
riched $12.50 thereby. His partner, Run
| yan, bet that none would arrive before
July 13, and he lost by two days.
In addition to the tug Governor Irwin,
which will take Adjutant General Sen
mans ' and his staff out to the incoming
transports Ohio and Newport when they
arrive, the tug Sea Queen has been gen
erously donated by Captain AY". J. Gray
to convey the Native Sons' committee.
Colonel W. P. Sullivan, who will repre
j sent the Mayor, and the members of the
! press. The band provided by the Mayor
will also accompany the party, which will
leave from Mission-street wharf. Due no
tice will be given through the telephone
and by the blowing of whistles and siren 3
as soon as the vessels are sighted, and
there will be time enough given to reach
the wharf.
An eight-inch whistle was placed on the
Yolo Mills by Adolph Hinz Jr.. who had
the tip of his" finger cut off at the Harbor
Hospital as a result of his enthusiasm.
The whistle will blow at the appointed
time and be heard clear to Alameda.
The elaborate preparations made for the
reception of the Oregon troops is entirely
due to the press committee, who worked
unremittingly for it. The members ar*
i James Tyler, A. A. Lotto. Chief Wharf
j inger Percy Henderson and Assistant
j George H. S. Dryden.
CRUEL TO HIS CHILDREN.
Otto Gross, a Tailor, Accused of Mis
treatment — Eureka Society to
Investigate.
Otto Gross, a tailor, with place of busi
ness at 1217 Polk street, will be prosecuted
by the Eureka Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children if he does not con
tribute to the care of his children by hi 3
divorced wife. The latter brought Marie,
aged six, and Carl, aged eight, to the
rooms of the society yesterday and
showed Secretary Wadham their meager
appearance and wretched clothing. She
undressed both children to show the terri
ble condition of their bodies, due to the
ill care given them by their father, with
whom they have been living for the past
year. The mother stated she had been
divorced from Gross for over a year and
although she wa3 awarded the custody of
the children and $32 a month alimony, she
allowed Gross to have them, he promising
to feed, clothe and educate them prop
erly
That he did not carry out his part of the
contract was apparent in the condition of
the little ones. The little girl is suffering
from blood poisoning brought on by being
vaccinated, the dirt being allowed to lodge
in the little one's arm. Their mother
claims that Gross used to lock them up in
the back of his store and go downtown.
During his absence the children would lie
in bed and rob their hearts out for a pro
tector. The mother learned of their plight
and although she is poor, has taken them
in hand and will do her utmost to bring
them back to health. Secretary Wadham
s-tates he will visit the cruel parent to
day and if he refuses to contribute to the
support of the children he will swear to
a warrant and take him Into custody.
Woman Drunk in Court.
Mr?. Julia Hoover, 161 Natoma street,
appeared in Judge Mogan's cqurl yester
day morning in a state of inebriation.
She had been accused of annoying her
neighbors on Natoma street by throwing
watef on them and the Judge was to de
cide her case yesterday. When he saw
her condition he ordered Officer Coughlin
to take her to the prison and lock her \:\i
for being drunk. She fought like a tigress
all the way to the prison. She has threat
ened to kill her landlord and one of his
tenants.
• ♦ ■
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey.
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches
ready for framing-
1314
DR. J. H. DECKER
BETRAYED BAKER
TO THE POLICE
Told the Fugitive's
Hiding-Place.
RECEIVES A SMALL REWARD
HE FIRST WANTED FIVE HUN
DRED DOLLARS.
WMle Eavesdropping He Learned the
Whereabouts of the Embezzler
and Informed the De
tectives.
WHlard Baker, the fugitive embezzler
•who escaped officers at the ferry depot,
•was betrayed to the police by Dr. John
H. Porker, a d< ntlst, who has an office in
the Phelan building. Decker learned that
Baker was in hiding- in a room in the
Florence House at Ellis and Powell
streets and seeing a chance to make some
"easy money," as he expressed It, he con
cluded to inform the police. Going to the
office of Chief Lees he announced that he
the whereabouts of Baker, but de
manded $100 fur the Information. Lees re
ferred him to Inspector Morrlssey of the
Boston police, who was in the office anx-
Jously waiting for some news of Baker's
■whereabouts. Decker, after introducing
himself, told the inspector that he had
j Ive information that the much want
ed embezzler was In a certain lodging
•iiouse.
"It is to your interest to get him. I sup
; . ' carelessly remarked the enterpris
ing dentist. "Come up with a hundred
dollars and I'll put you next."
Morrissey proceeded to question Decker
and after satisfying himself that he knew
the whereabouts of Baker he offered him
fcorty dollars to betray his hiding place.
After considerable hesitancy Decker ac
: bis offer and agreed to accompany
tor to the lodging house where
J taker was concealed. Accompanied by
Slorrissey and several local detectives
Decker wei t to the Florence House and
1 out the room occupied by ihe
• ring the door they found
:■ lying on a lounge engaged in read
book, lie. offered no resistance when
: under arrest and was at once
: to poiice h- adquarters.
After he van safely locked up Decker
was paid the amount agreed oa for be
traying the helpless victim.
It developed yesterday that Decker
: ged t . learn of Baker's whereabouts
through a conversation he overheard in
it Powell-street saloon. Baker, prior to
his arrest In Seattle, was one of the lead-
I in the Order of Eagles. Con
\ . . his innocence the members of
Seattle lodge made a vigorous fight
vent the Boston detectives, who had
j fter him, from taking him
back to the scene of his peculations. He
finally turned over to the Boston au
ties and broughl to this city. While
at the ferry, preparatory to making the
ird. Baker clipped away from
his captors and quickly disappeared in
v. :. He lOBt no time in visiting a
r shop, where he had his luxuriant
whiskers shaved off. Learning the names
Feral prominent members of the
s he appealed to them to save him
n hark to Boston.
Evidently touched by his tearful -words
of misguided confidence and convinced
that he was not a real criminal his fel
low E k him to the Florence
| . r ley rented a room for him,
S r.-r.t in advance. They
tocked his room with provisions and
warned him against speaking to any of
the inmates.
• rai days later Decker, the enter
_' dentist, happened to be in the sa
loon of one of the men who was caring
fugitive. H- was convers
■!. w!x> seemed anxious to
assist Baker in the po-
Decker listened attentively to the
. : finally heard the saloon
r tell his friend that Baker was in
hidinp in the Florence House. After
thinking the matter over Decker deter
mine.; i,i inform the police of Baker's
its, providing he was rewarded |
for his services. His flrsi Intention was to
gems the information, but after
visiting police headquarters he got "cold
feet" and contented himself by asking for
j }'.p finally compromised on V4O, with
the understanding that his name should
not be mentioned In connection with the
betrayal of Baker.
CONTRACTOR PERRY CRAZY.
Judge Mognn Sends Him. for Exami
ination by the Insanity Com
missioners.
T>av!d R. TV-rry, the contractor, ap
pear.il in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
morning to answer the charges of dis
turb;- ice, exhibiting a deadly
weapon r i ti ■ 1 malicious mischief. He was
sented by Attorney Archie Camp
tell.
When the case? were called Perry said
that .*. in had arranged to have
Colonel Preston to defend him and when
the Jm!p;.- asked him why Colonel Preston
v.\is i said that he and the
Mi ■■ ; ' court arm In arm,
■ Bid left, .'is the Judge failed t<> sa
! them. Then he accused a Justice of
t),.- Peace of robbing him out of $1200.
Attorney Campbell said he appeared for
as he waa evidently crazy he
suggest the Judge should send
jiiu: before the Insanity Commissioners
to be • The Judge consented and
Perry was tuk>:. to the insane ward in
the Receiving Hospital. Later he was
examined by th< commissioners and they
decided to watch developments for the
n>x; two days. If at that time Perry,
1p ns bad as at present he will be sent to
Uklah. _
The Doctor Poisoned Himself.
ier. Casrlieri, autopsy surgeon to the
iade an examination yesterday
of the organs of Dr. J. C. Schlarbaum,
who was found dead last Monday in a
rrr. im ai '■"' Third street, and found that
the Immediate cause of death was corro
sive poison. A bottle of commercial
cyanide of potassium and another partly
Qlled with muriatic acid were found in the
room in which the body lay. The dead
man -.va* far gone in consumption and
di<l not have long to live at the time he
resolved to commit suicide.
Cheap Prices.
Fruit Jars
Pints, per doz., 40 cts.
Quarts, per doz , 50 cts.
Half gallon, per doz , 65 cts.
Jelly Glasses.
Coy. per doz 25c.
It Pays to Come to
flreat A merican Co-
\J XX A A "
861 Market St., op- 355 Hayes et.
posite Powell. 20QS Fillmore st.
140 Sixth st. 506 Kearny St.
H^SIO Mission et., 3006 Sixteenth St.
" near 21st. 1819 Devisadero St.
1419 Polk st. 705 Larkin Bt.
146 Ninth st. 3285 Mission st.
52 1 Montgomery 2732 Twenty-
avenue. etreet.
flB Third st. 52 Market st.
BIG PRESENTS FREE
With
TEAS, COFFEES, SPICES.
GEORGE GREEN IN
THE ROLE OF HERO
DANNY KEEDHAM had a narrow escape from drowning out at the
ocean beach, where he Is training George Green for his coming fight
with Charlie Goff, yesterday morning, and the fact that he is still In
the land of the living is due to Green's nerve, combined with rare
presence of mind and flrst-clasß. swimming ability. Green's training quarters
are located at the Seal Rock House, and each day before starting in to
work off his surplus fiit and harden his muscles for the coming battle it has
been his custom to take a stroll along the beach in company with his
trainer Yesterday morning, immediately after breakfast, the two athletes
started from the"ir training quarters tt>r the usual hour's lounging. They
walked out to the end of the Olympic Club pier, and while Needham pre
pared to catch a few fish Green sought a comfortable seat and was soon
engrossed in a perusal of Kipling's "Vampire."
Needham dropped the line overboard and waited patiently for a bltft. The
fish were shy, however, and after fifteen minutes the amateur fisherman
hauled in his line for a fresh cast. The splashing surf had soaked the string
ers of the pier, making the footing rather precarious, and as Needham made
his cast he stepped on the edge of the slippery structure and the next instant
was pitched headlong into the water. As he disappeared from view an in
voluntary co' escaped from his lips, and Green looked up just in time to
catch a glimpse of his vanishing form. Knowing Needham to be an expert
swimmer, Green was not greatly alarmed, thinking his trainer would experi
ence no difficulty in rescuing himself from his predicament. But there was
a big sea on, and when Needham came to the surface and struck out for the
pier a huge wave caught him and dashed him with considerable violence
against the side of the structure, rendering him unconscious.
Green saw his daager and as Needham sank beneath the waves he
stripped off his coat and plunged in after him. A moment later rescued
and rescuer came to the surface together some distance from the pier.
Needham was still unconscious and it required all Green's skill as a swim
mer and all his strength to keep himself and his helpless companion afloat.
After a heroic battle, with the waves and the outrunning tide, he succeeded
in reaching the pier -with his burden. Holding on to the pier with one hand
and keeping Needham afloat with the other. Green called lustily for help.
At that hour of the day there are very few people in the vicinity and his
cries were unanswered. Finally, -when almost exhausted by the strain of
"his exertions, (Jreen succeeded In restoring Needham to consciousness and a
moment later both were safe on the pier. They hurried to the Seal Rock
House, and Needham waa given a strong dose of whisky and put to bed.
Green was none the worse for his exciting experience, and after a good rub
down went for his usual spin along the beach.
A few hours' rest sufficed to put Needham on his feet and in the after
noon he was about as usual, declaring that he felt all right. This makes
the fourth escape from a watery grave for Needham within a year. Last
summer while on his trip to Alaska he was twice pulled out of the Yukon,
and again at Dutch Harbor he was rescued from drowning by a hair's
breadth Green's bravery and coolness under such trying circumstances
have doubled the admiration of his multitude of friends and added many
more to the list. He modestly disclaims being entitled to any particular
credit but the fact remains, and is generally recognized, ihat he performed
a feat that has been the making of more than one hero in the past, and
those who were informed of the occurrence yesterday were enthusiastic In
singing his praises.
HOTEL NYMPHIA
CONDEMNED BY
ANGRY CITIZENS
Mass Meetingbf North
End Residents.
FIERY SPEECHES DELIVERED;
MINISTERS OF MANY CREEDS
ON ONE PLATFORM.
Attorney Barrett Instructed to Prose
cute the Directors of the Institu
tion for Conducting a
Nuisance.
I
Seldom If ever has an audience been ad
dressed from one platform by ministers I
of every denomination. This unusual sight j
was witnessed last evening by the resi
i dents of North Beach who crowded Wash
! ington-square Hall to voice their protests
against the Hotel Nymphia. now running j
in their midst. The mass meeting proved
extremely interesting, the speeches of the j
leaders in the movement to remove the
evil h.'iiifr full of strong and condemna
tory language.
In Introducing Father Redihan of the
Italian church, the chairman. Rev. W. S.
Urmy of the First Methodist Episcopal |
Church, said: "We are not here to offer j
Insults to the Supervisors, to charge any j
wrong-doing on the part of the Police ■
Commissioners or any public official, but j
we are here for the purpose of protesting i
in a gentlemanly and citizen-like maniit r
against this terrible evil which has^nrung
up in this fair section of the city."
That statement was the trend of the
meeting and every speaker who addressed I
the large audience had the thought con- j
stantly before him. Father Rudlhan de- !
nounced the evil and his words of protest
' against it found a responsive chord In the
hearts of his audience. Rev. Mardon D.
Wilson, an Episcopalian minister, fol
lowed with an equally strong speech
against the hotel. John J. Barrett, the
attorney for the leaders of the movement,
presented the legal aspects of the case.
His speech was full of fire and eloquence
and his audience were kept continuously
I applauding him. He stated that the
Twinkling Star Company got their incor
poration papers by misrepresentation and
in passing Bald "it Is our business to see
that the star dees not twinkle." He told
of the work of the committee before the
Board of Supervisors and of its partial
success. He said the Police Department
was with the residents of the North
Beach district to suppress the Nymphia
and said within the week the committee
would have the men who compose the
Nymphia Company arrested and brought
to the Police Courts for trial for conduct
ing a nuisance and on other legal grounds.
Rev. Dr. Slocum of the Green-street
Congregational Church followed, and
caused quite a little sensation when, in
speaking of the evil, he said the comm
THE SAN FBAK CISCO CALL, WEPUESPAT. JULY 12. 1899.
Saves Needham From
Drowning.
Plunges Into the Ocean to
Rescue His Unconscious
Trainer.
unity must do the best it can for the
fallen women. "Go<i has made a hell for
such places." he paid, "but when it comes i
to Xnrth Beach we say to hell with it.
Not to hell with the women or the boys
who are enticed into flueh institutions,
but to hell with the temptation; to hell
with the evil itself."
Rev. Father T. Caraher, the prime
mover in the fight to close the Nymphia,
received an ovation when introduced. His
speech was full of power and greatly im
pressed his listeners. I, ike the preceding
speakers, he condemned the institution
and told how it should be suppressed. He
spoke of its dangers and suggested that to
impress, the Supervisors with their in
dignation the citizens of the district
should march to the City Hall, and If
they passed his house the sweetest music
to his ears would be, "We are coming,
Father Caraher, with at least two thou
sand strong." In conclusion, he said if
the Nymphia were closed the North End
district would be prosperous, morality
would flourish and It would be a virtuous,
respected community.
Speeches were also made by T. B.
O'Brien and A. Antonivich. The former
advocated the formation of a club and
[ made a motion that the Supervisors of the
| Second and Fourth wards be asked to de
! Clare the Nymphia a nuisance and to call
the Board of Health's attention to It
and have it closed as they would a pest
house. The motion was unanimously
carried. Mr. Antonivir.h's speech proved
a surprise to his listeners. Resolutions
were read and adopted denouncing the
hotel and instructing Attorney Barrett to
bring legal proceedings against the Nym
phia with a view to having It condemned
and also to have the directors of the
Twinkling Star Company arrested for
maintaining and conducting a house of
ill-fame.
ORPHETJM CHANGES HANDS.
Stock 0-wned by Gustav Walter Sold
Under Order of Court.
Judge Troutt has confirmed the sale of
1250 shares of stock In the Walter Or
pheum Company, up to yesterday the pro
erty of the estate of the late Gustav Wal
ter. The stock was sold by private sale
by Mrs. Josephine Waiter, decedent's
widow, under an order of court made July
7, to Charles Schlmpp, the sum paid for
tho stock being: $45,000. The sale of the
stock tak<^s from the Walter estate all the
right, title and Interest In the entire Or-
Enpum circuit, which Includes this city,
.us Angeles and Kansas City.
■ ♦ ■
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
McFarland Arraigned.
Frank McFarland was Instructed and
arraigned In Judge Mogan's court yester
day on the charge of assaulting Louis
Kirsehbaum at the Branch County Jail
with intent to commit murder. The case
was continued for two weeks, when it is
expected Kirsehbaum will be able to tes
tify.
For Her Husband's Death.
Suit was filed yesterday by Helene K.
Bladt against the Southern Pacific Com
pany to recover $20,000 damages for thn
death of her husband, Christen P. Bladt,
who was killed by one of defendant's
trains while crossing the track in a buggy
near Llvermore on July 29, IS9B.
Flemish and Japanese Gray Oaks with
Ivory ornaments and all other new mold
ings for picture frames at Sanborn &
Vail'B. *
PLAYED HIM
TO THE TUNE
OF A THOUSAND
Miss Sloan's Address
Wanted.
STARTED HER IN BUSINESS
LODGEBS GLARED AT HER SO
SHE FLED THE TOWN.
Superintendent of an Alaska Com
pany Buys a Lodging House for
a Woman Who Skips With
the Coin-
L. W. Smith, superintendent of an
Alaska company, has been inquiring for
Miss Myrtle Sloan's address. Smith has
a touching note from the fickle damsel,
asking him to' write, but as she failed
to mention her street and number, he
has been obliged to seek police assistance
so that he may respond to her request.
This; is the second time within the past
few weeks that the millionaire superin
tendent has had to apply to the sleuths to
find the lady. • .
A few months ago Myrtle rushed up
north to an old flame, George Barrett
who had just been released after a long
trial for the killing of Frank \\ ill lama
in Portland. Smith followed the faithless
damsel, found her in Seattle and Induced
her to return here with him.
Shortly after Myrtles return, Barrett
came to town, and also engaged apart
ments at 613 Bush street. Barrett s pres
ence developed in Miss Sloan a decided
business taste and she induced Smith to
purchase from John Ellis the lodging
house at 842 Post street, paying lor the
same $1000 and giving Smith a chattel
mortgage on the house as security for his
Myrtle figured as a landlady but a few
days and within the very week she pur
chased the house she sold it back to
Harris for $9uo and disappeared with Bar
rett and the coin.
When Smith discovered that he no
longer owned a lodging-house, he sought
the assistance of Captain Bohen, who de
tailed Detective George Grahnm on the
case. Graham did excellent work In the
matter and in short order located Barrett
and through him the woman. Smith met
Myrtle in the captain's oflicv. At Smith s
invitation, Myrtle went with him to din
ner to talk the ma«ter over. No definite
arrangement was made, and it was de
cided that Smith and the woman meet
again the next day at dinner and con
clude the business in hand.
The dinner grew cold and the lady came
not. The night grew late and still no
lady. Finally Smith returned to his rooms
at "the RUBS, where a note from Myrtle
awaited him. Humbly the writer apolo
gized for not appearing at the dinner, ex
plaining her absence by the fact that
sirice the detectives had ribught her out
at the lodging-house she had been the
observed of all observers and as she was
too modest to stand the rude stare of
strangers, she had left the town. In a
P. S. she added: -'Write soon"
Smith, it is rumored, is still willing to
forget and forgive.
When seen last evening Mr. Smith ad
mitted that he knew Miss Sloan. He said
she was a Portland girl and was a mem
ber of a well-known family in that city.
He said he was an unmarried man and
could go with any woman he. pleased.
"1 may have given her money at times."
he continued, "but it is my business. I
never lost any money through her. She
has not run away, but is in Los Angelas.
I do not know whether Mr. Barrett is
with her or not, and I really don't care.
"I am not a los^r In the transaction, nor
do I want her arrested/
Modin's High Jinks.
The thirty-ninth anniversary of the in
stitution of Modin Lodge No. 42 of the
Independent Order of B'ne B'rith will fall
on Tuesday next and the members will
celebrate the event in their lodge room
in B. B. Hall by a high Jinks.
Dear Madam: '•Pegamoid" pays come!
You're welcome. Chronicle building. No. 61.
THE SEMI-COMMUTER IS TOO
SWIFT FOR C. P. HUNTINGTON
IN the language of the street, C. P.
Huntington is "a wise Indian."
Many times has he ridden the over
land trail and never yet has he
been detected by a lost quarter or
a single scent. For years he has har
ried the gentle savages of the Com
muter tribe resident in Alameda Coun
ty and ever and anon he has cinched
the suffering San Francisco public un
til it has come to be accepted as a
fact that the aged S. P. chief is the
cleverest manipulator of wampum
alive.
Let him prepare to darken his Fifth
avenue tepee and weep. A newer and
greater financier has been found. Let
the .subchiefs and the braves in the
yellow wigwam on Montgomery street
eat crow' Let Goodman, and Millsy,
and Kru'ttsy and "Fatty" Fillmore
take to the tall timber and dig roots.
The old man will need room when he
hears the news and woe betide the
feathered head that comes within reach
of his scalping knife. Z-z-z-i-i-p it
will swing— and you know what that
means. , • ,
The semi-commuter is at the bot
tom of it all. You will not find him
in the dictionary or in any scientific
book. He was discovered too recently
AN AMADOR
MAN FINDS HIS
LONG LOST SON
Duggan's Search Is
Ended.
MEETING AFTER MANY YEARS
EACH THOUGHT THE OTHEB.
LONG SINCE DEAD.
A Casual Remark Leads to the Meet
ing of "Billy George" and
the Author of His
Being.
A father and his son,, strancrers for
twenty-five years, each considering the
other dead, met a few evenings ago in
this city. The father is Theodore C. Dug
gan, one of the solid citizens of Plymoiun,
Amador County, and proprietor of two
stage lines running from that point. His
newly discovered son, who has long gone
by the name of Willi.tm George, is better
known to the one-time frequenters of the
old Baldwin billiard rooms as "Baldwin
George."
The meeting was arranged by James
Orndorf, one of the proprietors of the
Baldwin Annex, and took place last Fri
day in front of the bar of that resort.
"Billy," said Orndorf, presenting the
young man to an elderly gentleman, "this
is your long lost father. Mr. Duggan,
your son, Billy George!"
The reunited pair clasped hands, took
a good look at each other and shook.
"Have a drink." said the long-lost
father, releasing the hand of his new
found son long enough to reach into his
pocket for the price.
"Gimme a' little rye," said the young
man in response to the inquiry of the bar
tender as to the nature of his tipple.
"What's that?" exclaimed the father,
hastily placing on the bar the bottle from
which he had just poured a couple of stiff
lingers. "What's that!"
"A little rye," replied the young fellow.
Orndorf couid see from the glint in the
eye of the elder man that ho did not like
the Idea that his son was drinking whisky.
He saw th:u the happy reunion might be
disrupted if he did not act promptly.
"Don't you worry," he said to Duggan,
"because your son is drinking a little
whisky. I've known him for. fifteen years
and never saw the sign of liquor on him
yet. You two just go over there, sit down
and have a good talk. You'll find the boy
knows how to take care of himself.
Father and son Bat down at one of the
tables. They had not been talking two
minutes before Orndorf raw I'ug.ean ex
tend his arms and with tears streaming
from his eyes clasp the young man to
his breast. Time and again during the
half hour they sat there the father was
visibly affected, and when he arose to
accompany his son to meet an entirely
unsuspected daughter-in-law and two
grandchildren, he was as proud as Punch.
On the way to the home on Sixth street
he hecamo BO demonstrative in his af
fection for the newly discovered son that
a policeman was on the point of arrest
ing him. The bluecoat did stop them, but
satisfied with their explanation of the
reason for the Joy allowed them to pro
ceed on their way. Duggan met his son's
wife and hugged his children and spent
{ill of (Saturday with the family. return-
Ing to his home at Plymouth Sunday. He
would have taken the entire family with
him had not Mrs. George been too ill to
stand the journey.
The separation of the elder and younger
Duggan took place at Monterey more
than a quarter of a century ago, as the
result of the divorce of his father and
mother. Duggan left for parts unknown
to his former wife, and the boy, upon the
remarriage of his mother to a man named
George, took the surname of his step
father. The father went to Amador
County and there married a Miss Millie
Hayden, who is the mother of his two
other sons and two daughters. The boy,
as tha years passed, considered his father
dead. He wandered over the face of the
country, locating permanently In this city
some five years ago. From time to time
for that. although it is probable he
has existed for more than a year. As
near as can be ascertained, he is a
half-breed, a cross between the resi
dent of Oakland or Alameda who
daily crosses the ferry to this, city and
the San Francisco public. He looks
and acts and moves like other men,
but is not. He is a Frankenstein
growth of conditions established by
Huntington and has returned to de
stroy his master.
The method of the semi-commuter
is simple. In the lirst place, he lives
on this side of the bay, but has busi
ness that compels his presence in Oak
land or Alameda a dozen times a
month. Twelve round trips at 20 cents
figure up $2 40, which the semi-com
muter dislikes to drop in the S. P.
wampum belt. Wherefore, he has set
his cunning to work and now has mat
ters so planned that, while he makes
the necessary journeys across the fer
ries in the choo-choo canoes, he never
pays more than two-thirds of the
tribute.
First of all, the semi-commuter, in
tending to go to Oakland or Alameda,
buys a one-way red tinted ticket to
West Berkeley. That's 10 cents. As
he passes through the depot the gate
keeper punches two F's in the ticket,
■which is not taken up, as the fatuous
S. P. people imagine the wayfarer will
present it to the conductor on the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
July Sales
Black Crepons !
During the past week we re-
ceived 2 cases BLACK ENGLISH
MOHAIR CREPONS. These goods
were delayed in transit and will
now be offered at less than cost
of importation.
$nw f\f\ One case (50 dress
£^UU patterns) Black
tfjj English Mohair
Crepons, 10 differ-
DreSS Pattern, ent designs, worth
' $7.bU.
$MT\ 'HA ORe0 Re case (75 dress
IJ^li patterns) Black
English Mohair
i Crepons, 15 differ-
Dress Pattern. en design?, good
value for $12.50.
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES.
111. 113, 115. 117. 119.. 121 POST STREET.
after the separation from his first wlfe^
Dugean made inquiries for his son. who
he thought might be groin* by the name
of George, but without success. On nis
last trip down to the city he sp , ok tJ2
Orndorf about a son he had been looKing
for. remarking casually that his name
might be Billy George.
"I'll bet I know him. exclaimed Orn
dorf. who became acquainted with the
young man while he was at the Baldwin.
Berkeley train. He does nothing of
the kind. His destination is Oakland
or Alameda, and at tho mole he boards
his train, on which tickets are never
taken up. By reason of this oversight
the semi-commuter has a punched
ticket in his pocket which Huntington
fondly imagines he can never use
again. The traveler knows better. He
is compelled of course to pay a 10-cent
fare hack to the city, but once on this
side his ticket is soon in as good shape
as ever to pass the gateman.
The semi-commuter takes any old
kind of clean paper and reduces It to
a pulp. This pulp is forced into the
F punch holes and pressed firmly in
place. When it is dried, a little red
Ink colors the supplied parts with a
color so similar to that of the remain
der of the ticket that, if his patching
is well done, it can be used over and
over again, a saving of 10 cents each
time.
It is estimated by one of these gen
tle half-breeds that there are no less
than a thousand of his kind in San
Francisco. Let Huntingto-n weep when
he casts up the figures. A thousand
semi-commuters paying $1 50 a month
when they should pay $2 40 is a clear
loss to him, at 90 cents for each, of
$900 a month.
Wow! But there'll be trouble for
somebody when Chief Who-Never-
Dropped-a-Quarter hears the news.
The two began comparing notes, the re
sult of which was that the room keeper
agreed to arrange the- meeting. Next
day, which was Friday, he approached
George.
•'Would you like to meet your father?"
he asked.
"Of course I would," replied the young
man, apparently not a bit surprised at
the question. The two sat down and com
pared notes, the meeting: took place on
schedule time and Theodore Dupgan of
Amador clasped to his breast his first
born. ___________
Bag Time Hayes, the Pianist.
At Kapp 4 Street, tamale Orr'ttc: nlght'.y. *
A LOVING, DAINTY WIFE
Likes to see her husband arrayed in
Immaculate linen. "We can cite many
cases of where wives insist on sending
their linen to our laundry, and ladles
are good judges of how laundry work
should be done and know a good thing
when they see it. «»
No saw edges.
The United States Laundry. Offica
1004- Market Street. ■
Telephone South 4-20.
ONE WEEK Uj[ _=T|
FREE _3n> §
Treatment and Medicine §f^§
FOR . 11%^
Catarrh Deafness, fen/p
NOISES IN THE EARS c£ SZj<J[
! AND THROAT DISEASES <$SZ* S j3L
\ given to show the superior ;SSST/ '*» .
merit of my new invention R^/ .WsSL."
and ANTISEPTIC treatment: RS^ iJl__P
. that gives many marvelous ||& £_3R
cures and so easy a child |V jISbSO :
i can use It. In 1200 test cases «
all CATARRHAL, patients re- ES\ waSS-^
lleved 'and 80 per cent Deaf- »?tws§iiil^s'
ness cured. Best of references B^S3«ffjap^-'^
and hundreds of endorsements. But the best :■
to try it and be convinced while you caa.
FREE FOR ONE WEEK.
Call at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— A. M.. 1-3 and 7-8 P. M.
§ PAINLESS DENTISTRY, i
\^m \\\ i 1 /,/' PLATEB..S4.OO npj&
*I"<lNilS...2settp2*»
*n5 — —^Tt^^^ )^ j S--^" CROWNB. $3. 50 up
<^? "*? s^&£^l/)j^^~ >r "» •*• written guar- Q^
35 jtr'AVS^^*^). years with each S 13 *
t£ L\\jK* ?»»nleii Extrtetlonjp
.^J Open Evenings and Sundays. **»
5 "V.A.3Sr VROOM SE
3g ELECTRO-DENTAL PARLORS, JU
MARKET, COR. SIXTH.