I GIVEN AWAY mmm
With each cash WANT ADVERTISEMENT or-
dered in NEXT SUNDAYS CALL a MAGNIFI-
CENT PORTRAIT OF ADMIRAL DEWEY,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing. A -
il l
_ \ . _ — — — .
VOLUME LXXXVI- NO. 44.
THE AUTOMOBILE HAS STARTED ON ITS LONG RUN
THOUSANDS
WITNESSED
THE START
Giving the Brave Travelers
Godspeed on Their
Long Trip.
ESCORT "OF MOTORS
— —
Moving Through the Streets of
New York in Perfect
Order.
— • —
Special Dispatch to Th. Call.
NEW YORK, July 13.— As
early as 10 o'clock this
morning Herald Square
was well filled with men, women
and children; with bicyclists, tri
cyclists and automobilists, all
eager to witness the Call-Herald
automobile start at 11 o'clock.
Policemen were called upon to
keep the crowds in line. The
clanging of cable-car bells, the
clatter of Sixth avenue elevated
trains and the whir of automo
biles that had come to join in the
escort, all went to make up a
lively scene.
The hands of: the clock on the
beautiful front of the Herald
building indicated 10:55 when
the crowd shouted, "There they
come," and the overland automo
bile ' was seen speeding down
Thirty-fifth street from the direc
tion of Madison avenue, in which
street the Davis' reside. Mr.
Davis had the machine under <
perfect control. He dodged in j
and out and picked his way
through the crowds as carefully
as any pedestrian could have
done it. The automobile re
sponded quickly and nimbly even
to the pressure of' a finger on the
lever bar.
When at the corner of Broad
way and Thirty-fifth street Davis
suddenly wheeled to the right
and brought his machine to a
standstill in front of the main en
trance to the Herald building.
Great crowds immediately surged
around and the police had diffi
culty in restraining them. Al
though the machine was at a
standstill the machinery under
the seat was running at a lively
rate and its whir could be plainly
heard. The engine was throbbing
with energy- while the entire ve
hicle trembled perceptibly. The
Herald editors came down to bid
the venturesome pair "God
speed," and friends pressed for
ward to shake the hands of Mr.
and Mrs. Davis. It was an ani
mated and really dramatic pict
ure. The automobile panted and
quivered like a thoroughbred
fiery steed held in check.
At 11:03 Mr. Davis pressed the
lever and the automobile sprang
forward on its long journey to
The Call building in San Fran
cisco, while the crowd cheered
for the automobilists, the Herald
and Call.
AUTOMOBILES IN A
LONG PROCESSION
Follow the Brave Travelers
to the Edge of the Island
of Manhattan.
NEW YORK. July 13.— John Davis
repeated the watchword of the forty
niner.-_as he left this city, accompanied
by his wife, in an attempt to cross the
continent in an automobile to-day. He
took his departure from the Herald
building at three minutes after 11
o'clock this morning. Crowds witness
ed the start and cheered the venture
some tourists as they began their long
Journey, and owners and manufactur
ers, of motor carriages of various makes
united in giving Mr. and Mrs. Davis an
auspicious send-off. In the main par
ade up Fifth avenue were types of
American and French gasoline car
riages and American electric motors,
and regardless of clashing business in
terests the makers of these machines
sent them to accompany the tourists
from the Herald building to Harlem
River.
Herald Square was densely packed
The San Francisco Call.
ACROSS THE AMERICAN CONTINENT
START FROM NEW YORK FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
when Mr. and Mrs. Davis, in their
touring car. arrived there. . They were
greeted with cheers, and. a. lane was
made for them to approach the main
entrance of the Herald building. Mr.
Davis displayed great skill in dodging
small boys as he worked through the
crowd. The other automobiles had ar
rived and had been - critically com
mented upon by spectators as they took
position in Broadway to await the
start, but the Davis automibile was at
once recognized as the "real thing." It
had a buggy top to protect its occu
pants from the weather", and' a small
trunk and dress suit case strapped on
behind. Mr. Davis seemed to appreci
ate the difficult task he had undertak
en, but his wife gave the impression
that she was starting for a day's
outing and was as gay as you please
over it. !,^C;._;;..
When the touring cart stopped in
front of the Herald building thousands
rushed forward to get a look at the
machine and its occupants. There were
many women in the crowd. Friends
pressed forward for a final handshake,
and for a few moments there. was
danger of the carriage being over
whelmed. The police eventually suc
ceeded in clearing a small-space.
Two horseshoes suspended from the
front of the vehicle as a token of; good
luck attracted attention, but Mr. Davis
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1899.
explained that he had picked them up
on the road and was not carrying them
to conciliate horse owners".
_ During the brief interval before the
start all eyes were on the automobile.
Except for the speed levers and steer
ing crank and the absence of a horse
in ; front it would have passed for a
physician's gig. Those who were near
the vehicle could hear the motor re
volve when the lever was disconnected,
but- to most of; those in the crowd it
looked like an ordinary' carriage.
• Automobiles were numerous in the
throng that gathered to witness the
start of the longest run for a self-pro
pelled vehicle on record. An Interest
ing -feature of the occasion was the
manner in which. the makers of opposi
tion motors joined in wishing Mr. and
Mrs. Davis ■ Godspeed on their Journey.
It was admitted that the successful ac
complishment of the trip would open
up a new feature for American-made
automobiles. There were photographers
ln the crowd, who could "not get good
pictures of the start on account of the
number of neople, and there were per
sons who wanted to shake hands with
the long-distance voyagers so that they
could tell their friends about it after
ward.
At just three minutes after 11 o'clock
TORE DOWN
GERMAN FLAG
AT HONOLULU
A Crowd Resents Its Being
Flown Above the Star-
Spangled Banner.
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONOLULU, July 6, via Victoria,
; July 13.— 0n the Fourth of July a dis
graceful .riot occurred on Fort street;
' is which citizens, Hawaiian national
guardsmen' and soldiers from the trans
port Sheridan were engaged. Captain
Klemme, a German, and formerly un
der the monarchy Chief of Police and a
prominent politician, had decorated his
Mr. Davis threw the lever ! forward,
pressed his foot on the bell ' and . the
automobile * moved ahead. The crowd
opened to form a lane, through which it
! passed. There was a lusty cheer from
a thousand throats as the vehicle
moved into Sixth avenue, crossed the
car, tracks and proceeded in Thirty
fifth street toward . Fifth avenue. It
was escorted -by a string of auto
mobiles. There. was a Duryea trap,
owned by the National Motor Company,
makers of Mr. Davis' touring car. In it
were Arthur S. Winslow, secretary of
the company," Baron Vilaine of Paris,
Henry A. Tuttle and D. F. Graham;
next came Whitney Lyons' electric dos
a-dos trap, driven by A. H. Whiting,
who was accompanied by H. L. McGee;
then there was the handsome theater
bus belonging to - the Rlker Electric
Company of | Brooklyn. The guests in
the bus were Miss Marshall, Miss
White, Miss Tabor and .Messrs. W. L.
Bickwell and H. S. Chapin. A small
Rlker road wagon, upholstered . in red
and with electricity furnishing the mo
tive power, followed the bus. Frank
Duryea, in a surrey with gasoline fur
nishing the. power, was next in line.
Captain Whiting, U. S. A., was Mr.
Duryea's guest.
Two French automobiles owned by
hotel building lavishly with American
bunting and flew the German flag on
his flagpole. ._•'•-
An enemy of Klemme, claiming that
this was an insult to the American flag,
as the German flag flew above it, gath
ered a crowd to pull" it down. Police
protection was granted to Klemme un
til the afternoon, when, all being quiet,
it was withdrawn. ... '..-• - -^vC,;"!
The crowd then returned- to the as
sault, tore down the German . flag and
tore it. into shreds. A number of ar
rests were made, but the German Con
sul, regarding it more as a drunken
row than as an intentional insult, is
not inclined Ito1 to take . action diplomatic
ally. " /■* \ '. "". . . ' •• - ■-
The soldiers on the Sheridan were
handed over to their own authorities
and the other men are before the Po
lice Court. It is generally accepted
that the affair : arose out , of [ personal
differences and an old quarrel. - The
Government 5 is .very.much annoyed. ;
A. H. West, the leader of [ the rioters,
was fined $100 in the Police Court. -,
Squadron . of . Evolution.
' NEW -YORK,' July ' 13.— lA' Sun special
from Washington • says:' Arrangements
the American Motor- Company joined
the parade in Fifth avenue. One was a
Dedlon tricycle,, in charge of A. A.
Fischer, and the other was a De Cau
ville basket phaeton. Both of these
were operated by gasoline, and, unlike
the American machines, had their mo
tor levers and gears fully exposed to
view; They attracted much, attention
all along the route.
Going up Fifth avenue, Mr. Davis led
•the procession at a leisurely pace.
Scores of bicyclists swarmed around his
carriage and handkerchiefs were .waved
to him and his wife. The automobile
moved over the asphalt in Fifth avenue
at moderate speed, owing to the num
ber of other vehicles that were encoun
tered. Above . Fifty-ninth street . the
pace was increased. When up grades
were encountered most of the automo
biles moved more slowly, but the loss
of time was made up on down grades.
Mr. Davis' carriage, however, kept an
even speed, regardless of grades, which
indicates a surplus of power that will
be useful for hill climbing. i -_-_ J] :'.«'
At One Hundred and Eleventh street
Mr. Davis turned west to Seventh ave
nue. W hen he struck the latter thor
oughfare he was made painfully aware
that he had left the asphalt behind.
Seventh avenue has been macadamized.
are being made at the Navy Department
for organizing a squadrpn of evolution in
the Pacific, consisting of the battleship
lowa and the cruisers Philadelphia, New
ark and Marblehead.
NEW YORK PREACHER
CAUGHT STEALING OATS
Tried to Excuse Himself by Saying
That" the Devil Had Tempted
i: ..^ : - .'■■ Him. ' •
HOB ART, N. V... July After having
been for twelve years pastor of the Unite-
Presbyterian Church, at West Kortright;
N..Y., the Rev.". Mr. - .- Wade has resigned,
which means, according to the - homely
saying of his neighbors, that he has been
ground between the - upper and j nether
millstones. It all came about because of
a "Feed of Oats," as the country, folk say,
and to-day they go about j quoting. "Bet
ter were it that a millstone were- hanged
about his neck and he were cast into the
sea." ■■•• -.'... -■ .'. y ■ ' -.«
, King McLaury, a • farmer, caught Min
ister .Wade stealing oats from his bin. The
accused minister .confessed, begged for
mercy and protested that "The . devil . had
tempted him." McLaury reported, the
matter to the church trustees; and there
.were solemn conclaves. Mr. Wade finally
handed in his resignation.
\fSIV_EN AWAY* m* I
IPyJmh each cash WANT ADVERTISEMENT or-
• "^X^dered in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL a MAGNIFI-
'"_?: CENT PORTRAIT OF ADMIRAL DEWEY,
• printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
4 : *
but the macadam has worn off and ruts
and hollows that would disgrace a
country road remain. The French
automobiles, built for the boulevards of
Paris, had a hard time of it in Seventh
avenue. _>*. :_
; Mr. and Mrs. Davis reached Central
Bridge -at 14 minutes of 12 o'clock. All
the automobiles drew up in front of the
entrance to the bridge, and everybody
alighted, in order to say good-by and
drink a bumper to the tourists. W hen
the parting toast was offered. Davis re
plied, "This is to Frisco or bust." .
It was fourteen minutes of 1 o'clock
when the last farewells were said and
Mr. and Mrs. Davis started across Cen
tral bridge and the long journey was
begun in earnest. Davis said he would
not attempt to make any great speed
during the first few. days after the
start, but would aim to get -the motor
limbered up so that it will capable
of doing from twenty, to thirty miles an
hour \ without getting overheated. ... He
has three acetyline. lamps that will en
able him to 'run at night in case he
finds" the days too warm. The carriage
started with _ ordinary pneumatic tires.
Davis expects these to last until he
-reaches Cleveland, C where he will
have flat tread pneumatic tires put on.
The latter, have • heavy rubber cushions
and • are ; said to be able to stand rocky
xoads without being punctured.
PRICE FIVE CENTS-
FIRST STOP
FOR A NIGHT
AT TARRYTOWN
John D. Davis Tells of His
Experiences on the
Road.
ONLY TWORDNAWAYS
— ♦ —
The Road Meter Shows -a Run of
Thirty-Seven Miles
Made.
— —
BY JOHN D. DAVIS.
TARRYTOWN, N. V., July
13. — After running three
hours and a quarter we ar
rived here and put up for the
night, intending to start at 4
o'clock Friday morning. So far
the trip has been marked only by
two runaways, many frightened
horses and general ovations from
people along the route. Every
one shows intense interest in the
trip, and we are besieged by peo
ple anxious to photograph the
cart.
The first runaway was near
Kings Bridge and was due to the
driver's carelessness. The second
was just north of Hastings, and
was also due to negligence.
Drivers, as a rule, show more in
terest in the automobile than in
their horses. They allow their
reins to become slack and {heir
horses to gain headway.
Although just from the shops
the motor runs perfectly and has
maintained excellent speed,
climbing hills with ease. The
longest and worst grade was just
north of Yonkers. At Hastings
and beyond we found the best
roads. Care has been taken in
keeping them free - from ditch
holes though Wednesday's storm
has left many ugly washouts.
We were accompanied to some
distance beyond Yonkers by Mr.
Fisher of the American Motor
Company and party, in two of his
motors.
We stopped at Central Bridge
nearly two hours to receive bon
voyage from our escort and an
other stop was made in Yonkers,
luncheon being served in Hast
ings.
In the run to Tarrytown the
road meter shows a distance of
BtrriTW-tttw "•' Hfttwx^tr^pt_w*t_psnm»m
thirty-seven miles, and we con
sumed a trifle over two gallons
of gasoline. We stopped here to
adjust the motor, which, owing
to its newness, has a tendency to
become heated, which makes
short runs necessary until the
bearings become properly set.
We will probably not make any
long runs before reaching West
ern New York.
0-«-^> -•- <$> -*-<$-+- _♦- .s._♦_ <$> _»-^-^_o
BOERS HAVE
FRIENDS IN
CAPE COLONY
' ♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAPE TOWN, July 13.— The Cape
Parliament . will open to-morrow and
exciting .. scenes are anticipated owing
to the attitude of the Premier, W. P.
Schreiner, on the Transvaal question.
A large number of the opposition mem
bers favor his impeachment. -
In the meantime the Afrikander party
is working up a pro-Boer agitation and
doing its utmost, in this direction. An
attempt to hold a loyalist meeting at
Worcester this evening was frustrated
by the . Afrikanders, who precipitated
disgraceful scenes, forcibly dragging
the Loyalist speakers from the platform
and expelling them from the hall amid
jeers and insults.
It is reported that several Dutch
members of the . Legislature partici
pated. ->. v -, _ __ -
The publication of the text of the
Transvaal franchise law, now being de
bated at - Pretoria, has accentuated the
bitterness between the two elements.
The military authorities here are pur
chasing horses, . mules and wagons and
preparing to forward supplies to Kim
.berly.2
FOR GOVERNOR
OF KENTUCKY
W. S. Taylor Secures
the Nomination.
TIGKET OF THE REPUBLICANS
— —
LOUISVILLE CONVENTION COM
PLETES ITS WORK.
♦
During tjje Day There Were No Less
Than Three Hundred Speeches
Delivered by the
Delegates.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
4- ♦
+ Governor— W. S. Taylor. 4
4- Lieutenant Governor — John 4
-- Marshall. 4
+ Secretary of State— Caleb Pow- 4
4- ers. "♦" :
4- State Treasurer — alter R. 4
4- Day. ♦
4- Superintendent of Schools— 4 j
4- John Burke. 4 \
4- Commissioner of Agriculture +
4- John W. Throckmorton. 4
4- 4
4- ♦
♦ 4-4-444-4-4-4-4444444^ I
LEXINGTON. Ky.. July 13.— The Repub
lican State Convention adjourned to-night
after being in continuous session since 3
a. m. What was called the Deboe-Taylor
slate was for the most part ratified. Be
fore the convention assembled most of the
delegates were for Taylor for Governor,
and when the nomination for Governor
was reached about all of them were for
Taylor.
The candidates for minor places on the
State ticket were not of the same accord,
so there were contests between the Tay
lor men for the same places. In these
contests there was a vociferous flow of I
Kentucky oratory. In the contest for At- i
tornev General there were forty-seven
speeches by actual count, and during the
day there were over 300 speeches.
After the presentation speech for each i
candidate for the different places there
was such a series of seconding speeches
that it seemed like a ballot would never
be reached. The ballots were not counted
completely. Counties would change their ]
votes to the leading ones or to the win- i
ners and then followed another series of
speeches In withdrawing the names of
those who ran behind.
The presentation of Taylor's name by
his leading opponent. Colonel S. H. Stone,
with the seconding of the same by Judge |
Pratt, his other opponent, was a dramatic :
scene, but the most exciting time of the !
convention was during the contest for
Attorney General. The Taylor men, who
had been making the race for that nomi- !
nation, objected to being sidetracked by
one who had failed for another nomina
tion, and they made an aggressive fight.
Senator Deboe, General Taylor and their
close-friends were active workers in the!
hall during the balloting for Attorney I
General. They wanted Judge Pratt on
the ticket, and they finally nominated him I
by an overwhelming majority. Judge j
Pratt was the favorite of the colored
delegates for Governor.
W. S. Taylor is 46 years old. He was a
poor farmer boy, and taught school'
before he became County Clerk in 1882
While in office he studied law and after
ward was elected Judge. Tic has been a
member of the Republican State Com
mittee since 1886, and was a delegate to !
the National Republican Convention in
Chicago in 1888, He was elected Attorney
General four years ago, when William C. '
Bradley was elected Governor. The lat
ter did not attend the convention here this
week.
GOVERNMENT WILL NOT
INTERFERE IN GUATEMALA
Foreigners Who Bought Central
American Bonds May Lose
Heavily.
NEW YORK. July 13.— A Washington
special to the World says: While the
State Department believes the Guate
malan Government's treatment of for
eign creditors is such as to cause de
mands for redress it Is said that noth
ing has been received indicating that
Germany and Great Britain contem
plate forcible action for the protection
of the interests of their subjects. As
the department has learned that
American citizens are also involved in
President Cabrera's proposition to re
fund Government debts, Minister
•Hunter is carefully watching develop
ments in the financial situation and
trying to protect American interests.
An official of the department said that
foreigners who placed their money in
bonds, of Central American republics
expecting to buy them at a low rate and
obtain high interest as compensation"
run the risk of losing all funds invested.
This Government has never inter
fered with financial squabblings of
Central American republics and there
Is no likelihood that it will object to
the naval demonstrations by Great
Britain and Germany, in the interest of
their subjects, provided no infring
ment of the Monroe doctrine is contem
plated.
While expecting a revolution in Gua
temala the State Department does not
take the situation sufficiently serious
to require the dispatch of a ship. Should
fighting occcur or a naval demonstra
tion be made the Vixen will be sent
from Blueflelds and a warship from the
Pacific station sent to the Guatemalan
coast.
A Journal special from San Francisco
declares that a private cipher telegram
from Guatemala says the uprising oc
curred against President Cabrera and
failed. An insurrection took place in
Quezaltenango, led by Feliciano Agui
lar with sixty followers.
Cheap Prices.
Fruit Jars
Pints, per doz., 40 cts.
Quarts, pen doz , 50 cts.
Hal. gallon, per doz., 65 cts.
Jelly Glasses.
Coy. per doz 25c.
It Pays to Come to
fi i t m n
(Jreat L mericanlmportinET ea[jO.
Sal Market St., op- 355 Hayes st.
posite Powell. 2008 Fillmore st.
140 Sixth st. 506 Kearny st. .
2510 Mission at., 3006 Sixteenth st
near Slat. 1819 Devisadero st.
1419 Polk St. 705 Larkin St.
146 Ninth St. 8285 Mission St.
62 1 Montgomery 2732 Twenty-fourth
avenue. etreet.
fig Third at. -2 Market St.
BIG PRESENTS FREE
l^c - - - — With—
TEAS. COFFEES, SPICES.
BATES' MISSION
TO SOLO ISLANDS
Means the Extension of
Sovereignty.
— — —
MONEY' FOR THE SULTAN
— -♦ —
PRIVILEGES ALSO TO BE GRANT
ED THE PRESENT RULER. •
« — __
It Is Proposed to Give the Archipel
ago Self-Government in the
Full Sense of the
Word.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦+
♦ *
i ♦ NEW YORK, July 13.— A Sun ♦
♦ special from Washington says: ♦
+ The War Department is con- ♦
♦ cerned over the failure of the +
+ transports Warren, Sherman and +
-f Grant to get away from Manila, ♦
♦ It was intended that these yes- 4
-4 sels should leave the Philippines 4
-- in time to arrive at San Fran- 4
•♦■ cisco early in August, so that 4
4 they might be of service in the 4
4 transportation of volunteers. +
4- Now that General Otis has re- 4
-- ported that storms have ceased, 4
4 Quartermaster General Luding- +
4- ton is at a loss to understand 4
4 why the transports have not left. ♦
4 Accordingly a telegram was sent 4
+ to-day to Colonel Pope, chief 4
+ quartermaster at Manila, direct- 4
-4 ing him to cable the reason for ♦
4 the delay and to state as near as 4
♦ possible when the transports will +
; + leave. 4
4 4
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, July 13. —
The mission of General Bates to the Sulu
archipelago for a conference with the Sul- ;
tan is of considerable importance as bear- ,
ing on the future policy of the United i
States. He undertakes the mission on rec- j
ommendation of the Peace Commission,
which was approved by the President. His '
object is to arrange with the Sultan for j
extending American sovereignty over his ,
islands with the understanding that the
present form of government there will i
not be interfered with. In other words,
the Sulu archipelago is to have self-gov
ernment in the full sense of the word.
This is supposed to be indicative of the
policy the administration has in view for
the other islands which will peacefully
acknowledge the sovereignty of the
United States.
Concerning the report that General
Bates will carry $10,000 of Mexican money
as a gift for the Sultan the authorities
are somewhat mysterious, but they say
that the money is not to be offered him as
a bribe.
All they will say officially is that tha
Spanish Government paid the Sultan cer
tain annuities, and General Bates has in
structions wnich contemplate the con
tinuance of the grant, which will be out
of the revenues. The Sultan will retain ;
possession of the pearl fishing and island
trade. The European method of paying
"hush money" to barbarians has always
been repugnant to Americans, and the
coming Congress may have a good aeal
to say about the subject should it be dis
closed that the administration is using
money instead of guns to establish order
in any part of the Philippines.
The President to-day made the follow*
ing appointments in the volunteers:
To be lieutenant colonel— Robert W.
Leonard, colonel Twelfth New York Vol- (
unteers.
To be majors— Francis Ward, lieutenant
colonel One Hundred and Second New
York Volunteers.
To be captains— B. Grade, cap
tain Twelfth New York: William F. Jud
son, captain Twelfth New York: Walter
F. Randall, captain Two Hundred and
Second New York Volunteers; James M.
Liddell, formerly major United States vol
unteer infantry; Samuel A. Price, form
erly major Sixth Pennsylvania-Volun
teers; Devereaux Shields, formerly lieu- j
tenant colonel Second Mississippi Infan
try; Granville Sevier, formerly captain j
Second Tennessee Volunteers.
To be first lieutenants— James H. Blount ]
Jr. formerly first lieutenant Third United
States Volunteer llfantry; William P.
Clark, formerly lieutenant Third Georgia
Volunteers; Willis C. Davis, formerly
captain First Georgia Volunteers; Wilson
G. Heaton, formerly captain Fiftieth
Iowa; James M. Klmbrough Jr., formerly
captain Third Georgia Volunteers; James j
Longstreet Jr., formerly first lieutenant
Ninth United States Volunteer Infantry;
George D. Rice, formerly chaplain Sixth
Massachusetts; Solomon Avery Jr., major
Second Georgia Volunteers; Philip S.
Golderman. second lieutenant Two Hun
dred and Third New York; James G.
Hannah, first lieutenant Two Hundred
and Third New York; John J. Kennedy, j
Sixty-ninth New York; Theodore S. j
Pulker, captain Two Hundred and Second
New York; Dexter Sturgis, first lieuten
ant Two Hundred and Third New York;
Theodore Taylor, first lieutenant Twelfth
New York; Oscar D. Weed, captain Ninth
New York.
To be second lieutenants— John W. C.
Abbott, Michigan; Garrison Ball, lieuten
ant Two Hundred and First New York;
John Byrne, captain Ninth New York;
Holt A. Bradford, corporal Company H,
Sixth Illinois Volunteers; Edward S.
Broussard, captain Company I, Second
United States Volunteer Infantry; Tim
othy L. Coughlan. second lieutenant Two
Hundred and First New York; Urisala
Ferguson, captain First New York; Hil
den Olin, second lieutenant Seventy-first
New York: John T. Ryan, New York;
Lee D. Fisher, formerly private Seventy
first New York Volunteers, assistant en
gineer United States navy during the
Spanish war; Robert H. Stlllman, former
ly sergeant Astor Battery; William S.
Wells Jr., formerly captain Company F,
Third Alabama: Frederick Hadra, cap
tain and assistant surgeon; William
Bowen, captain and assistant surgeon;
Richard S. Griswold, first lieutenant and
assistant surgeon: George P. Reid, first
lieutenant and assistant surgeon.
REMARKABLE NERVE OF
A SAN FRANCISCO MAN
William Cosgrove Quietly Watches
the Amputation of His Own
Leg.
NEW YORK. July 13.— William Cos
grove. of San Francisco underwent an ope
ration at Muhlenburg Hospital, Plain
field, N. J., for the amputation of a leg,
submitting- to the operation without an
aesthetics and watching the process with
as much interest as if It were being per
formed on another person.
Cosgrove is paralyzed from shoulders to
feet, the result of a train accident at
Dunellen two months ago, when he was
walking along the track. His back was
broken and- he sustained a compound
fracture of one leg. . .
THE OLYMPIA ARRIVES
SAFELY AT PORT SAID
Admiral Dewey Says He Will Go to
New York as Soon as
' . Possible.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1889. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PORT SAID. July Admiral Dewey,
who is looking very well and hearty, has
been reluctantly outigred to decline the in
vitation of Minister Straus to stay with
him on the Bospborus.
The admiral is anxious to get to New
York as soon as possible. He decided to
proceed in the Olympia to Trieste, where
he will make a short stay for change of
air, and will then go to America. The
Olympia arrived here at 5 o'clock this
afternoon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1899.
PATHETIC LETTERS FROM
DREYFUS.
ALWAYS IN QUEST OF THE TRUTH
NEW YORK. July Emile Zola may i
be somewhat prejudiced when it !
comes to criticizing the letters of !
Alfred Dreyfus, but it is certain
that the letters in many respects bear !
witness to the truth of his statement, i
This is how Zola described them: "They j
are admirable. I do not know of any ;
pages of a higher conception or more
eloquent. They have attained the |
sublime > in sorrow, and afterward
will endure like an imperishable
monument when our own writings, :
perhaps, shall have passed into oblivion.
For they are the sob itself of all human
suffering. The man who wrote these let- ;
ters cannot be guilty. Read them— \
them some evening with your family j
gathered around your hearthstone. You ,
I will be dissolved in tears." i
The Dreyfus affair hitherto has been
j like a novel without a hero— that is, the
hero disappeared in the opening chapter ,
i and it has taken ever since to develop the
J plot and work up a climax which is al- '
| most without parallel for its dramatic
i quality. Enter the hero, mete out justice
i to the villain, and the world is satisfied, j
I These little plays with destiny, the great
. est and most artistic stage manager the
1 world has ever seen, never fail of their ;
! effect, and there is more joy in the world
| over the happy ending in this great his- ;
j toric play, the Dreyfus affair, than could
' be derived from the best novel or short
I story in the world, because the degrada
tion of this innocent man was a thing
I which came home with startling power to
i all peoples. The hero of the tragic story
I was- lost sight of after and in the first
chapter. It-was known where he was, and
i that was almost all. * !
The scene of the story as told hitherto i
I by the newspapers was laid almost alto- I
i gether in France. Cf the scenes laid* in
J l'lle dv Diable, and of the feeling which
; ruled in the heart of a man torn from
1 his family and his honor, the newspapers
; have not" been in a position to speak. It
' had been left entirely to our imagination
to piece out that part of the story until
; the publication of Captain Dreyfus' let-
I ters to his wife closed the gap and com- '
I pleted the sad history of l'affaire Dreyfus. |
The translation of these letters, which j
Harper & Brothers are about to publish
' under the title of "The Letters of Dreyfus
to His Wife," gives us for the first time
; the story in the prisoner's own words;
and it is"a story that for pathos, tragedy,
despair and true Spartan heroism is un
surpassed in the annals of either history i
lor fiction. The arrest, which took place !
I on the 15th of October, 1894, came upon t
' Dreyfus like a bolt out of a clear sky. !
! For* almost two months the liberty of j
writing even to his wife was forbidden,
TELL ABOUT
THE RIOTS
AT WARDNER
Witnesses in the Corcoran
Case Give Interesting
Testimony.
—^—
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WALLACE. Idaho. July 13.— The tes
timony in the Corcoran case to-day was
of the same general nature as that
brought out yesterday. The prosecution
called a large number .of witnesses to
prove the alleged conspiracy. Several
witnesses from Burke and Mullan de
tailed the occurrences of April 29. They
were nearly all members of the miners'
unions, and with few exceptions were
Scandinavians whose knowledge of the
English language was very imperfect.
The evidence showed that on the morn
ing of the 29th the miners at Burke and
Mullan coming off the night shift were
met by a committee who instructed
them to meet at the union hall at 8
o'clock. The day men were similarly
instructed.
At the Mullan meeting the question of
masking was discussed and voted down,
"the men declaring they were American
i citizens and were going to do nothing
of which they were ashamed. The wit
nesses all understood the visit to Ward
ner to be for the purpose of giving
moral support to the strikers. It was
brought cut, however, that masks and
guns were furnished the men in the
union hall at Burke and that the Mul
lan delegation procured a quantity of
arms from a barn while on the way to
Wallace to meet the train.
Dr. 1. S. Collins of Burke gave some
testimony which went far toward show
ing guilty knowledge and intent on the
part of the Burke miners. He was re
turning along the railroad from a visit
to a patient and' had to pass the rioters
train standing at the depot. He was
ordered by masked men to get aboard.
He pleaded professional duties, but was
told that his patients could look after
themselves, and that he might be
needed below. At Wardner he was In
structed to remain near the train, and
If he heard any shooting to immediately
repair to the scene of disturbance. He
obeyed, and after the first volley went
down to the Bunker Hill concentrator
and was directed to the spot where lay
the body of Smith, who expired a mo
ment after the arrival of the physl-
Joe Riddle, a precocious youth of 13
living at Mullan, related how his
mother had told him there was going to
be trouble at Wardner, and that to see
the fun he had accompanied the men on
the day of the riot. Witness proved to
be an intense sympathizer with Union
ism and created considerable laughter
by telling how he had "jacked up" Sin
clair because he had 'promised to send
the youth to school. The boy has been
under arrest for some time, but de
clared he would rather take chances
with the "dynamiters than the Bunker
Hill crowd." - „,_'-,
Companies A and L, First Cavalry,
were today removed to Wardner under
order of Major Smith. Many of their
horses have died here, caused by being
leaded. The concentrators up the can
yon use the river as a dumping place
and the horses became poisoned in eat
ing their food from the low ground
along the river, so that it was neces
sary to move to a better location. ;.
VISIT POINTS ALONG
THE SAN JOAQUIN
Agriculturists Inspect the -Resources
of a Most Fertile
# . Region.
ANTIOCH, July 13.— The delegates of
the Agricultural Association, who are in
specting the State, reached here at 7
o'clock this morning. • They ' took the
steamer Caroline, which had been espe
cially chartered for their benefit, and
spent the day upon the San Joaquin
River. A stop was made at Boulding Isl
and, where the cultivation of asparagus
was the chief object of interest. Tylers
Island was also visited, and a stop was
made at Valentine's landing. Here the I
♦ + + ♦♦♦.♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
+ ♦
+ NEW YORK, July 13.— A Sun +
+ cable from Paris says: The ,-f
+ military tailor who fitted Drey- ♦
♦ fus with his new artillery cap- +
+ tain's uniform says he found the +
+ prisoner's body distended as a +
+ result of his experience at Devils -f
♦ Island. Dreyfus assured the +
+ tailor of his confidence in the +
+ issue of the coming trial. +
+ The city of-Rennes is greatly +
-t- excited over the%act that pla- +
-f cards were posted throughout the ♦
+ town last night : bearing the +
+ words "Vive Dreyfus." +
♦ .• +
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦'♦
but on ' December 6 the longed-for permis
sion was obtained, and thereafter letters
passed between husband and wife dally,
and sometimes almost hourly, until he
was removed- to Devils Island. The let
ters published .in this volume cover the
period from December 5, 1594, to March 5,
1898. .
It goes without saying that the entire
correspondence should be read to appre
ciate their pathos and the hopeless trag
edy of the writer's lot. The extracts which
this article contains will give some con
ception of their general character. They
also give for. the first time an intimate
insight into the heroic soul of their
author. It will be perhaps best to begin
w_.h the second letter of the series, dated
December 5, 1894, when Dreyfus as yet
had hardly realized the danger that men
aced him.
I am waiting with Impatience for a letter
from you. You are my hope; you are my con
solation; -were It not for you life would be a
burden. At the bare thought that they could
accuse me of a crime so frightful, so mon
strous, mv whole being trembles: my body re
volts against it. To have worked all my life
■for one thing alone, to avenge my country, to
struggle for her against the infamous ravlsher
who has snatched from us our dear Alsace, and
then to be accused of treason' against that
country— no, my loved one, my mind refuses
to comprehend it! Do you remember my telling
you how, when I was in Mulhouse. ten years
ago. in September, I heard a German band un
der our windows celebrating the anniversary
of Sedan? My grief was such that I wept; I
hit the sheets of my bed with rage, and I
swore an oath to consecrate all my strength,
all mv intelligence, to the service of my .coun
try against those who . thus offered Insult to
the grief of Alsace. ...
No, no. I will not speak of It, for I shall go
mad.' and I must preserve all my reason. More
over my life has henceforth but one aim: to
find 'the wretch who has betrayed his country;
delegates were shown one of the com
bined reapers and- threshers worked by
means of steam. The lands that have
been reclaimed along the sides of the
river were pointed out as of especial in
terest. . . - -' '•• -'■ -
One of the most interesting events of
the day was an explanation by H. W.
Wiley, "chief chemist of the United States
Department of Agriculture, who a num
ber of years ago was stationed at Union
Island when the Department of Agricul
ture was operating an experiment sta
tion there upon a small scale, upon the
result of the agriculture possibilities of
the land along the river. At that time
Dr. Wiley wan experimenting with a view
of ascertaining just what kind of vege
tation the land was best suited to. and
the very products that he reported could
be raised are the ones that to-day are
the main sources of revenue to the farm
era of the section. Dr. Wiley said that
the richness of the soil of the islands, as
well as the land along the river. Is such
that It is capable of producing anything.
He said that rice can be successfully
raised in this soil, and that when he was
last here he determined the fact by suc
cessful experiments.
Professor Wickson of the university,
who is familiar with this country, also
explained many of its wonderful possi
bilities. The visitors spent the entire day
upon the boat. They were accompanied
by J. A. Filcher, secretary of the State
Board of Trade, who joined them several
days ago and will continue with them
until the inspection of the State is com
pleted. - _ - -_ .; : '-j:;..
WARRANT FOR ARREST
OF LEON M. STRAUSS
Former San Jose Attorney Charged
With Ferjury by W. S.
Allen.
SAN JOSE, July 13.— A warrant was
sworn to before Justice Wallace to-day
charging Leon M. Strauss, until j re
cently an attorney in this city, with
perjury. The. complainant is Waldo S.
Allen, who had some business dealings
with Strauss. During the month of
January Sylvia Allen, wife of the com
plainant, filed a suit for divorce from
her husband and engaged Strauss as
her . attorney. The differences were
patched- up and .'".the suit .dismissed,
Allen agreeing to turn over his .prop
erty an-l money, amounting to about
$1100.
The transferring of this was left to
Strauss, and it is alleged that when
the settlement was completed the bank
account was $400 short. Strauss' ex
planation was that he took the money
as a fee, and Allen and wife were in
luck that he did not take $500. Strauss
was subsequently sued by the Aliens
for $299. On supplementary proceed
ings he declared under oath that he had
no money or property due him. Allen
afterward unearthed a receipt given by
Strauss for some $60 that was due him
at that time. Strauss is how in San
Francisco, where it is said he Is taking
minor parts on the stage at the Alca
zar. A warrant for his arrest was for
warded there.
MRS. STORKE HELD
FOR ATTEMPTED MURDER
Appeared in Court Without Counsel
and Made No Defense.
SANTA BARBARA. July 13.— Yda Addis
Storke-Jackson was examln this morning
Storke Jackson was examined this morning
assault to commit murder. The court
room was crowded, but the sensational
evidence expected did not occur. Y'da
Addis was accompanied by Officer Hop
kins, who brought her down from the"
County Jail, and when they entered the
courtroom she acted as though in great
pain and had to be assisted by the officer
whenever she wanted .to move. When
asked if she had procured the necessary
counsel she stated that It. was an impos
sibility, as she had no funds and no one
would. defend her. , - ;.v
Attorney Grant Jackson; the complain
ing witness, was the first called. He re
lated his story in a short and well defined
manner.' E. C. Talla«t and Officer Shoup,
who arrested the woman, were placed on
the stand. Their testimony was very
similar to that of Jackson, The defendant
did not question either. The last
witness was William Carter, who had
awakened Mr. Talent, but he knew very
little of the circumstances. Mrs. Storke
was asked if she had any remarks to
make, to which she stated that she had
. not. She was held to answer before the
Superior Court and her bonds were placed
at $5000. ' . 'k'A . .
■ _k
Will Confer With Santa Fe.
CHICAGO, _ July \ Vice.. President
Stubbs and Traffic ! Manager McCormick
of the Southern Pacific passed through
Chicago to-day en route to New York. It
is said that the object of their Eastern
trip is to : confer, with the executive offl
cers of the Santa. Fe with a view to ar
ranging a. traffic agreement between the
two roads in advance of the latter line _»
entrance into San. Francisco next winter.
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, •/_"• 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
to find the traitor for whom no punishment
could be too severe. Oh, dear France, thou
that I love with all my soul, with all my
heart! Thou to whom I have consecrated all
my strength, all my intelligence, - how could
one accuse me of a crime so horrible! I will
not write upon this subject, my darling; tor
spasms take me by the. throat. No man has
ever borne the martyrdom that I endure. No
physical suffering can be compared to the men
tal agony that I feel when my thoughts turn
to this accusation. If I had not my honor to
defend. I assure you that I should prefer
death: at least, death would be forgetfulness.
Write to me soon. My love to all. ALFRED.
From the letter written on the day pre
ceding his trial it is seen that he was
still, after two months' imprisonment,
sanguine and hopeful, with never a doubt
about his ultimate acquittal. It is in
striking contrast to the letter written
after the trial, when the worst had hap
pened and the nightmare had come true.
Both letters are appended:
At last I am coming to the end of my suffer
ings, to the end of my agony. To-morow I shall
appear before my Judges, my brow high, my
soul tranquil. The trial I have undergone, ter
rible as it has been, has purified my soul. I
shall return to you better than I was before.
I want to consecrate to you, to my children, to
our dear families, all the time I have yet to |
live. ... • - . •
As I have told you, I have passed through
awful crises. I have had moments of furious,
actual madness at the thought of being ac
cused of a crime so monstrous.
I am ready to appear before the soldiers as a
soldier who has nothing for which to reproach I
himself. They will see it in my face; they will I
read my. soul; they will be convinced that I am I
innocent; as all will who know me. ,
The letter written after his trial reads
as follows:
I suffer much, but I pity you still more than j
myself. I know how much you love me. Your |
heart must bleed. On my side, my adored one, j
my thought has always been of you night and ;
day.
To be innocent, to have lived a life without a
stain, and to see one's self condemned for the
most monstrous crime that a soldier can com
mit! What could be more terrible? It seems to i
me at times that I am the victim of an awful :
nightmare. It is for you alone that I have re
sisted until to-day: it is for you alone, my j
adored one, that I have borne my long agony. |
Will my strength hold out to the end? I can- •
not tell. No one but you can give me courage, j
It is only from your love that I can draw It.
Above all else, no matter what may become
of me, search for the truth; move earth and i
heaven to discover It; sink In the effort, if
need be, all our fortune to rehabilitate my j
name, which now is dragged through the mud. '
No matter what may be the cost, we must wash j
out the unmerited stain. ; -
After his fate was sealed and he had
been removed to Devils Island, his deter
mination that the truth shall be brought
to light is stronger than ever.
In conclusion, if there existed the slight
est doubt of Alfred. Dreyfus' innocence,
the publication of these letters cannot
fail to dispel it. As Zola says, "No guilty
man could have written them."
SIOUX INDIANS
RESIST ARREST
Violate the Law in Kill
ing Game.
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EDGEMONT, S. D.. July 13.— Swift
Bear, a Sioux Indian, and several bucks
resisted arrest on Buck Creek, Wyoming,
; for killing game contrary to law.
Amos Demming. Deputy' Sheriff of Con
| verse County, and a posse left Lusk on
! Wednesday with warrants for the arrest
' "of the Indians and overtook them at Buck
j Creek Thursday morning. After reading
the warrants the Indians refused to go
, with the Sheriff, and drew a line and
; told him if he crossed it there would be
| war, and backed it up with their Win
' chesters.. .''.'■.
Being outnumbered, the Sheriff went to
! Edgemont to get" help and papers for
I the arrest of the Indians -in South Da
| kota, as they had crossed the line. Dep
j uty Sheriff George Miller' of. Edgemont
: will', go out with them in the morning
i with an increased force.
Sheriff Demming telegraphed the Indian
agent at Pine Ridge to have a force of
Indian police go out and intercept the
Indians if they got away from the Edge
mont and Wyoming posse, and it is ex
; pected that the Indians will be overtaken
| somewhere near the agency, as they
; crossed Cottonwood Creek, near Edge
i mont, this afternoon and are traveling for
\ all they are worth.
The Indians went through the sheep
' herd of N. S. Tubbs this afternoon and
stole all the herders' bedding and food.
William Brack lost everything he had.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST
Land Cases Decided by the Interior
. Department.
WASHINGTON. July 13.— The Interior
Department has rendered a decision in
the case of the Central Pacific Railroad
against Henry Flock, involving section
17, Redding Land District, in which the
judgment of the local office, directing the
allowance of Flock's entry, is reversed
and the company's listing of the tract
will remain Intact.
In the case of the United States against
the Thin Point Packing Company, in
which the local office rejected the survey
of 143 acres in the Sitka Land District,
the rejection is affirmed by the depart
ment.
Special Agent Kunz of the Geological
Survey, in a report, says that among the
salient features of the precious stone in
dustry during the last year was th© find
ing of rock crystal at Mokelumne Hill,
Cal., of such purity and size as to almost
rival the Japanese, arid the successful cut
ting of these in the United States up to
over seven inches in diameter.
Thomas J. Erman was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Romona, San Diego Coun
ty, vice Jeff A. Vlrlaque, removed.
Pensions: California— Original— Jacob
Block, Vallejo. $12;:Seth E. A. Palmer
San Bernardino, $6; Chrlsto Dulob An
toniades, San Francisco, $8; Owen T. Will
iams, Tuttletown, $6; Isaac Trone, San
Jose, $8; George W. Shields, Hanford, $8;
William Cuslck, Durham, $6; James Flint
Vallejo, $10; Timothy P. Brazil, San Fran
cisco, $24; Ellsha Richardson, Los An
geles,. $6; Andrew J. Dexter. Mountain
View, $8; John B. Perkins, Soldiers' Home
Los Angeles, $6; Joseph J. Gillespie," San
Francisco, $6. Original widows, etc.— Mary
O. Barker,- San Francisco, $8; reissue,
Minnie J. C. Brinton, Lot? Angeles, $12.
War with Spain— Original— William T.
Raines, San Francisco, $14. Widows— Zoea
C. Endsley. Rialto, $12.
Oregon— Original— George W. Mcßey
nolds, Cottage Grove, $6: Morgan Hooker,
Salem, $6; Stephen O. Darrell, Independ
ence. $6. ■
Washington— Original— Cyprian Inman.
Catlin, $8; Charles E. Cantine, Lopez, $6.
Renewal— John W. Rlbling, Auburn, $12.
Original widows, etc.— Velma E. Ribling
Auburn, $8.
-*.'.*.■._■__•---.'■'. i ... j _...•. — . ".'■
FREIGHT TRAIN DERAILED.
It Causes a Delay in Southern Pa
\, cific Passenger Service.
LOS ANGELES, July 13.— A car loaded
with lumber on a Southern Pacific south
bound freight train was derailed near
Keen Station about 11 o'clock to-night,
delaying passenger train No. 9, south
bound, and the north-bound "owl" train.
As. far as known in the local Southern
Pacific office here no one was Injured and
there will be but little delay to traffic.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
-' -'^ ;; ARRIVED. '
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 5 hours from . Point
Reyes. ■ _■ ' ■
Bktn Eureka, Schow, 30 hours from Eureka.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.'
LONDC.N— Sailed July Stmr Mesaba, for
New York. ' - v •
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed July Stmr Btaten
dam, for New York, via Boulogne. (
_ ._ ....... ■ • -•-- . _■-.-.■ •■
MAY RECOMMEND
A NEW WAR TAX
Report of the Internal
Revenue Bureau.
TARIFF ON THE TELEPHONE
— ♦ —
•NEW BATE FOB ALL PATENT
• PBOTECTED ABTICLES.
♦
Laws as They Now Stand Said to
Work in the Interests of Cana
dians and Against
Americans.
- — — ♦
Special ,Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELL
INGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON,
July 13.— 1t is altogether probable that
the next annual report of the Internal
Revenue Bureau will recommend a ;
number of changes in the war revenue t
act. The internal revenue officials are
of the opinion that the law might prop
! erly be extended in certain directions
! without becoming at all burdensome to
I the public, and in a way to produce
j considerable revenue. One of the propo- '<
| sitions now under consideration i.s to |
j assess a tax on the sale or rental of all \
I patent protected articles. In speaking
! of the matter to-day, one of the officials
i spoke of the telephone companies in ;
j this connection, and at the same time '
j said that there were many inventions
j producing an enormous profit which
i could well stand a revenue tax.
It probably will be suggested to Con
; gress that' express and telegraph com- ,
' panics doing a money exchange busi
■ ness be required to pay an annual tax
j for the privileges. Although taxes are
! now paid on receipts and telegrams re- j
! spectively, it is pointed out that bank- j
! ers are required to pay a yearly tax I
of $50, which is regarded as a discrimi- I
i nation against them. It is probable !
I that each express and telegraph office
I In towns having over a certain popula
tion, if the views of the treasury offi
cials are approved by Congress, will be
required to pay a certain yearly, tax
for the privilege of doing an exchange
business. It is also likely that a modi--!
fication of the law with respect to mu
j tual Insurance companies may be
raised. In the present act there is con
siderable obscurity with respect to the
provisions as to these companies, both
fire and life. It is pointed out that a
number of the leading companies in the
country are operated upon the mutual
plan. Some of these are paying the. tax
without protest, but there is doubt as
to their liability in this respect. It is
believed, however, that Congress clear
! ly intended to make the exemption ap
| ply to local companies doing a strictly
I local business, without surplus or un
j divided profits or money at their com
j mand with which to pay large salaries
to their officers.
Section 20 of the war revenue act. ;
defining what should be taxed under
Schedule B, has been a source of much
trouble to the Internal Revenue offi
cers. For instance, the whole group of
coal tar extracts have- been decided by
the courts to be not subject to the tax. j
A pound of phenacetine costs in Can
ada, it is said, from 12 to 15 cents and
yet in the United States the -price is j
uniformly a dollar a pound.. This drug, ;
it is thought, could well stand a heavy
tax. •'■:\ ■ '_• '■:*'■ •• " ' '.'. .' ,. - :". . "
There are several items in the old :
Internal revenue laws which it is be- •
lieved should be eliminated or modified,
and it Is not improbable that Congress j
will be asked to appoint an expert com
mission to thoroughly go over the
ground and recommend such changes in
detail as experience has -shown to be
necessary. Under the present law spir
its can only be sold in packages of cer
tain specific capacity. The Canadian
Government, it is said, takes advantage
of this restriction and prohibits the im
portation Into . that country of spirits
except in packages of an unusual size.
The result is that American distillers
are compelled to ask authority to ship
their goods in packages to comply with
the Canadian requirements, thus de
stroying all marks and other evidences
of age that are of value to them.
FATHER LAGAN HONORED.
Given a Reception and Presented
With a Handsome Purse.
SAN RAFAEL, July 13.— The promo
tion of Rev. Hugh Lagan to the pas
torate of the Sacred Heart parish was
made the occasion of a public reception
at the Hall Rafael last night, where the
popular priest was given an ovation by
a large concourse of people, irrespective
of sect or creed. The hall was deco
rated, with American flags and the
stage embowered in evergreens.
Dr. W. J. Wickman officiated as
chairman and on the platform were
seated the following persons, of whom
the first eight formed the committee
signing the resolutions: James H. Wil
kins, A. W. Foster, Judge F. M. Angel
lotti, E. W. McCarthy, Richard Kin
sella, William Caesar, Christopher
Chrisholm, Dr. Wickman, Charles
Bogan, Rev. Father Lagan, John F.
Boyd, Judge M. C. Dufficy, J. J. Crow
ley, Rev. Fathers Egan, Sheehy and
Valentine, E. B. Martinelli and William
Barr. N '
Ex-Mayor E. W. McCarthy spoke in
high terms of Father Lagan's work
among the unfortunates at San Quentln
Prison, and in conclusion presented him
with a draft for $800, which sum Was
raised by popular subscription. He was
asked to accept it not as a gift, but as
a material token of the unbounded es
teem in which he is held.
With tears showing in his eyes and
a voice husky with emotion Father
Lagan then arose amid deafening ap
plause and thanked the citizens for his
reception. He said the seventeen years
spent here were the happiest of his
life and that he had obeyed the call of
Archbishop Riordan only after, several
days' consideration.. He intended to re
turn and greet his friends at every op
portunity and declared that their hap
piness and prosperity should be the
greatest happiness of his life.
BULLY HILL MINES SOLD.
They. -Will Pass Into the Hands of
: Captain De Lamar.
REDDING, July 13.— The sale of the
Bully Hill copper mines will be Consum
mated in San Francisco to-morrow. The
property will pass into the hands of Cap
tain de Lamar, the Utah millionaire mine
owner. ' Hartwig A. Cohen of New York,
the official representative of De Lamar,
accompanied by James Sallee, owner pr
the Bully Hill property, returned from
Copper City on Wednesday evening and
the following morning departed -for San
Francisco, where the details of the sale
will be concluded.
This sale insures a second large smelt
ing enterprise . for Shasta County. A
branch railroad will be constructed from
Copper City to the Southern Pacific main
line at Morley Station, traversing the
north bank of the Pitt River, crossing the
McCloud and finally the Sacramento. The
road will be about ten miles in length.
_Dr. Heidrich Acquitted.
Al-BURN, July 13.— Dr. R. Heidrich of
Dutch Flat, charged with the murder of
Mrs. T. Christian of lowa Hill through
the performance of a criminal operation,
waa to-day. acquitted by a jury :In the
Superior Court.
GROSS NEGLIGENCE
AT THE ASYLUM
Cooper Had Keys to the
Female Wards.
■ — ♦ — ■
IMPORTANT REPORTS MISSING
— • — ~'.
NO FINDINa MADE BY THE
LUNACY COMMISSION.
Frank Logue Explains the Charges
Made Against Him in a
Satisfactory Man
ner.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 13.— The State Lun
acy Commission completed its investi
gation into Mrs. Chaffers' condition at
Agnews Asylum this afternoon and ad
journed subject to the call of Governor
Gage. No finding was reached. [_
The testimony to-day was along the
same linens as that of yesterday. it
fixed the responsibility on Cooper.
As far as the Chaffers matter
was concerned the investigation was
thorough and complete. There were
practically no new developments.
It was shown, however, that the
asylum has been conducted in a lax
manner. Cooper had keys to the female
wards and the daily reports at the in
stitution had been laid around pro
miscuously. Some of these, of about,
the time the offense was committed,
were missing. Rose Ryan, an attend
ant in ward. D, was the first witness.
She saw Cooper assist Mrs. Chaffers
out of a basement window. Patients
had told her they a.su saw Cooper pass
out other patients. Witness had seen
Cooper standing in the basement win
dow talking to patients.
Supervisor H. A. Braden had on. sev
eral occasions found keys to the female
ward on Cooper. Those keys belonged
to Underwood, the basement man, un
der whose direction Cooper worked. He
had also found Cooper on the stairway
leading to the female ward.
Walter H. Davis, third assistant cook,
testified that Cooper frequently boasted
to him of his conquests. Cooper had
intimated that he was responsible for
Mrs. Chaffers' condition and under obli
gations to marry her, but their condi
tions would not allow such a thing.
Frank Logue, the fuel man, produced
a letter he had received accusing him
of having been in a compromising posi
tion with Mrs. Chaffers. The letter was
anonymous. He denied this charge and
his explanation was accepted.
It afterward developed that Cooper
had written the letter because of an
I imaginary jealousy against Logue.
Matron Bambauer was recalled, and
questioned regarding some missing re
ports. After the investigation had ad-
I journed the reports' were found. Medi
| cal Director Sponogle and Dr. Christal
I were further examined. Much contra
-1 dictory evidence was elicited as to when
the offense was reported to Sponogle. ,
Elijuhe Cooper was the last witness
examined. He is a patient at the insti
tution and about 60 years of age. He
said he had seen Logue with Mrs. Chaf
fers on various occasions. He, denied
the charges made against him and as-
serted his innocence. This completed
the Investigation. -
A short executive, session was held
and it was decided to close the testi
mony. An adjournment wis then taken
subject to the.call of the Governor,.'"--/
All the officials in attendance at the
investigation- left for San Francisco on
the evening train.
mm ■___, HERE
HM Rb
§_____
A condition of nervous exhaustion.; Nerroua
exhaustion is a forerunner of complete Nervoui
Prostration. •
The early symptoms are headache Tig - . i) -
hollow eyes or dark circles under eyes (Fig-, 2),
pale or sallow complexion (Fig. 3), twitching- of
corners of mouth (Fig. 4), palpitation or flutter-
ing of heart (Fig. 5), impaired digestion (Fig."
8). Again, we have nervousness, dizzy spell*,
tendency to faint and impaired memory.
HUDYAN is a positive and . permanent cur.
for the above condition.
HUDYAN reaches Fig. 1 in its curative influ-
ence, because it corrects the digestive functions
and relieves the congestion of brain. '■'■ /
HUDYAN reaches Fig. 2 and Fig. 3 because
it makes rich, red blood, which In .'turn gives
the glow of health to pale and emaciated faces.
HUDYAN reaches Fig. 4, because it tranquil-
izes the nerves of the face, as well as all other
nerves of the body. .! - • ' ■■ '
HUDYAN reaches Fig. 5. because it tran-
quillzes the nerves that control the action' of
the heart.
HUDYAN reaches Fig. 8, because It strength-
ens the little glands that secrete the digestive
Juices and stimulates them to increased activ-
ity. HUDYAN corrects all the digestive func-
tions. ■ .'....
+ •- -'- _*. HUDYAN has res-
*___■._. ami-. cued thousands of mem
MEN AND and women from com-
WOMEN plete nervous prostra-
ADVISED tion. It will do the
FREE. same for you.
Call or Write. » - . HU ? f is for sal*
i, fby druggists SOc a
— : package, or six pack-
ages for $2 SO. -.-'■•
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN send
direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY,
corner Stockton. Ellis and Market streets. San
Francisco. Cal. '
You may consult the Hudyan doctors about
your case free of charge. Call or write.
) n For the Best $10 Suit!
1 1 \jf- ■ to order you must go to -jl
{&&& JOE POHEIW. !
i J^^^rJ- ' or $ 25 y° u can get & '
i 1 Afft Nr-_ , fine, well made and well :. '[
, ' W^__\ _\W trimmed suit a. i
; ||j JOE POHEIM'S. ;
| lg«|j Will cost elsewhere $40. '
' fjojjg All-wool, stylish-cut '
'! " 'M_\ Pants to older from $♦ i]
>if >^ JOE POHEIJYTS,
', 201-303 Montgomery St., Cor. Bueh '
) 1110-1112 Market St. ,B. F. V
_***_. rn-roeiAFHi- ■■■_■_■ _■ ■ ■ __-k
a^^ VITAUS
S^S^ClKfc THE NEW
re-;*- ion. _-. Si ty£ % FREN G X ■ i
FRODU-S THE ABOTB SOth Day. . liCrII in
Kighti, Fmissiom, B-il Dwama W^i of Di,.a a _, .ndllL_ffi«ti
of _■__■■■" or «<_?» _-* Indiacr.tion. Reatoraa ______VU__ri«?
Pow.r and Failing Memory. Ward, off W?t," nd C-2ini~
♦ion. C_reswhenallo__eraf.il. Insist on hariL VITAI ?«"
no other. Can be carried in the -est pocket B- mail »1 ft«
par nackageorsix for #5.00 with »7-i-nt-Vto C.m*?
Refund the Money. Circular Free. Adriren "■"'" *
CALUMET CVRt CO.. 8-4 Dear W.Tt-, Chief
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin _t*_ia_____y.
W. 3. Bryan (two stores). Craat Drug Co.. la
, Oaklan. by Owl Drug; C<_. I >T .THEMES OF NATIONAL MOMENT
TREATED BY THE EDUCATORS
RELIGION IN LIFE
r*
£ Teachers themselves, concede that the formation of
£ character is the most important feature of education. This
£ is especially true where government is brought close to the
_£ people. That the welfare of the individual and of society de
£ pends upon an enlightened public conscience we have no
£ less an authority than Washington himself. He declares in
£ his farewell address that public and private welfare depend
i not upon extent of territory, its fertility or its climate, upon
i trade, commerce, large armies or mighty navies, nor upon
J universal and refined education, but upon a simple, silent
£ principle of the soul, namely, a religious conscience.
5 Our relations are regulated by law. Law is made and
£ executed by legislators and judges taken from the people.
1 The purpose of legislator and judge ought to be to mete
J out equal justice to all men. The only guarantee that they
J will do so is their conscientious convictions. If these con
-2 victions are not stronger than the temptations to betray
2 their trust they will betray it.
£ To form this conscience in the individual, and through
2 the individual to build up a public conscience, man must be
£. taught to make conscience paramount to every other char
£ acteristic.
£ Man is a complex being, physical, intellectual and
£ moral, and education, to be perfect, must develop his whole
£ being; above all. the moral must not be neglected. The re
-2 ligious principles on which morality depends must be taught.
2 the child from infancy, and must grow with its growth and
2 strengthen with its strength. They must be taught by a di
£ vine authority with a divine sanction. Civil government can
£ not teach them, for civil government is non-sectarian.
2 Nevertheless civil government depends upon them. With
-2 out them it cannot protect property, reputation and life.
2 Therefore the private school where these principles are
2 taught along with secular knowledge is the nation's strong
_*. est bulwark. — Extract from the address of the Rt. Rev.
2 George Montgomery.- Bishop of Monterey and Los Angeles.
■**** ********* ********** ************ ********* *****
. - - - - ■-... ...- •
LOS ANGELES. July 13.— The feature
of the National' Educational Associa
tion sessions to-day was the election
of officers for the ensuing year. C. T.
Corson, formerly Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction of the Buckeye State, was
chosen to preside over the destiny of the
association . for the next twelve months.
Los Angeles was honored by the election
of Professor J. A. Foshay. City Superin
tendent of Schools, as one of the vice
presidents.
"If there be no objections to the re
port of the nominating committee as read
the secretary is instructed to cast one
vote for these names," said President ___.
Oram Lyte at noon to-day at the annual
meeting of the active members ot the
National Educational Association in Haz
ard*. Pavilion.
There was a second's pause, and, as
no objections were forthcoming, tne men
that nad been placed in nomination by
the nominating committee last evening
were declared elected without a ballot.
"Whatever politics had been played in
this matter had been kept wholly within
the limits of the nominating committee
that prepared the ticket.
Ex-President Lyte introduced Presiden.
Corson as a native of the Buckeye State
and described him as a man big in body
and big in heart. 
•'I do not propose to make a speech,
said President Corson. "1 will merely
thank you and say that I hope that we
may continue the great work of this as
sociation." . _ _ -_.
The committee which nominated Pro
fessor Corson was in session nearly two
hours last evening. The other two can
didates for the ], residency were Profes
tor J. A. Foshay, City Superintendent of
Los Angeles Public Schools, and Profes
sor L. D. Harvey, Principal of the State
Normal School of Wisconsin. Under the
rules of the association, the past presi
dent, E. O. Eyte, now becomes first vice
president. ■': _ .
The main floor of Hazard's Pavilion wa_>
well filled this morning when the general
session of the association meeting was
called to order by R. S. Bingham, super
intendent of Schools at Taeoma, who is
also the Vice president for the State or
Washington. Prayer was offered by N.
C. Shaerfer of Pennsylvania.
Then came the election of officers as
follows: _,'•.-'_-.'■-, _.. .
President— O. T. Corson of Columbus,
Ohio. __ _ _ . „
First vice president— E. Oram Dyte of
Pennsylvania. __ ,
Vice presidents— J. A. Foshay. Califor
nia; E. __.. Slauson, Michigan; E. B. Mc-
Elroy, Oregon; J. P. Hendricks, Montana;
J M. Green, New Jersey; W. H. Bartholo
mew, Kentucky; W. A. Bell, Indiana: W.
F. Slaton, Georgia; L. W. Rucholz. Flor
ida; Mrs. Gaston Boyd, Kansas; George
II Conley. Massachusetts.
C. G. Pearce of Omaha, Nebr., was
elected treasurer, and the following direc
tors were named for the ensuing year:
North Atlantic Division- Maine. John S.
Locke: New Hampshire. < "panning Fol
som: Vermont, Mason S. Stone: Massa
chusetts. Will S. Munroe; Rhode Island.
George E. Church; Connecticut, C. X.
Kendall - New York, A. S. Downing; New
Jersey. H. Brewster Willis.
South Atlantic Division— Pennsylvania,
"il W Fisher; Delaware, A. H. Berlin;
Maryland, H. B. Prettyman; District of
Columbia. W. B. Powell; Virginia, E. C.
Glass; West Virginia, E. N. Deahl; North
Carolina, E. L. Alderman: South Caro
lina, F. C. Woodward; Florida, W. H.
8 __I&___L ______
South Central Division— Kentucky, Mc-
Henry Rhoads; Tennessee, K. C. Web
ber- Georgia, W. M. Slaton; Alabama. J.
H. Phillips; Mississippi. R. B. Fulton;
Louisiana. Warren Easton; Texas, Alex
ander Hogg; Oklahoma, D. R. Boyd; Ar
kansas. J. R..Rlghtsell; Indian Territory,
c. W. Goodman.
WHAT PROFESSOR BROWN CONDEMNS IN NAUGHTY CHILDREN.
I North Central Division— Ohio, J. A.
I Shawan: Indiana, J. W. Carr; Illinois, J.
H. Collins; Michigan, D. W. Springer;
; Wisconsin, L. B. Harvey; lowa." W. M.
I Beardshear; Minnesota, F. V. Hubbard;
Missouri, W. G. Carrington; North Da
kota. W. S. Hoover; South Dakota, Frank
Crane; Nebraska, J. N. Miller; Kansas,
Frank R. "Dyer.
Western Division— Samuel D.
Largent; Wyoming, Estelle Reed; Colo
rado, L. C. Greenlee; New Mexico, Eliza
beth Jackson; Arizona, F. A. Cooley;
Utah, F. D. Cooper; Nevada, J. E
Stubbs; Idaho, J. W. Daniels; Washing
ton, O. C. Whitney; Oregon; E. D. Ress
ler; California, John Swett.
After the preliminary exercises. Right
Rev. George Montgomery, Catholic-Bishop
of this diocese, delivered one •><.' tbe most
I interesting addresses of the entire session.
His subject was -"l": Religious Element
i in the Formation <•:' Character," and it
I was treated with all the eloquent force
j fulness for which this eminent Bishop is
noted.
Prof. G. "W. A. Luckey, University of Ne
braska, next read a paper on "The Devel
opment of Moral Character," in which he
indorsed in part the Aristotlean adage
that "The state should begin the educa
tion of the children before the marriage
of their parents." He believed that com
mon sense in selecting life companions,
proper cultivation of mind and heart, con
feniality of home surroundings and care
ul observation of the laws of health all
tend to strengthen the character of the
offspring. "No one ever dreamed himself
into a noble character," said the speaker,
"but character is active and not passive.
but by patient and untiring effort In- may
make of himself what he will and remain
secure in the face of danger and storm.
Would you overcome a fault substitute a
higher activity in its place and guard
well that there be no reversion until the
new has firmly taken the place of the
old."
The next paper submitted was on "Evo
lution and Ethics," and was read by Pro
fessor S. T. Skidmore, Normal School,
Philadelphia. Practical ethics is largely
concerned in the problem of evil, and the
elimination of evil from the world, and
the speaker urged that its peculiar mis
sion is to set forth the latest, best and
most saving gifts of intelligence to the
world.
"The Scholar and the State" was the
title of the address delivered by Professor
R. H. Webster, City Superintendent of
Schools of San Francisco, in which he
held that there never was an age that
called so solemnly for teachers of right
thought, noble purpose and wise and
temperate opinion.
Professor R. B. Fulton, president of the
University of Mississippi,' read a paper on
"The Growth of Confidence Between
High Schools and Colleges"; Mrs. J. J.
Hermans, Kansas City, one on "The
Spirit of the Classics," and Professor F.
i J. Barnard, Seattle, Wash., one on "The
Proper Classification of Pupils."
At the evning session Dr. F. Louis Sol
dan. Superintendent of Schools. St. Louis,
addressed the convention on the subject
of "Progress in Public Education."
Dr. N. Murray Butler, Columbia Uni
versity. New York, followed with an in
teresting paper on "The Outlook in Edu
cation," and the session was closed by G.
R. Glenn, State Superintendent of Public
Instruction, Georgia, taking as his text
for a more than ordinarily interesting ad
dress "Some Phases of Public Education
: in the South."
.HJ.PPY OHILDR.E.N"
IjN K.IJJDERSJIRTEJ.S
LOS ANGELES, July 13.— One of the
most interesting addresses of the day "'.is
delivered in the kindergarten section by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM,, FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1899.
How the Mental, Physical and
Moral Natures of Citizens
Are Developed
Professor E. E. Brown of Berkeley on
the subject of "Naughty Children." He
said in part:
Happy is the lot of those children who have
learned to know and love the old. English bal
lads, the aid Scotch melodies, Landseer's dogs
and Rosa Bonheur's sheep and horses; the tale
of Troy. and. better yet, stories of the Old and
New Testament and the nobler hymns of the
church. Their childhood has given them treas
ures which they will only value the more when
their power of appreciation shall be enlarged
and refined. •;..•  r . .
It is not desirable that a schoolroom should
be so decorated as to seem like fairy-land
when the child first enters it. Better that he
should not find it bewilderingly enchanting.
Quiet in coloring, not too great a multiplicity
of things in sight, no matter how good each
may be in itself- a few carefully chosen pic
tures—nothing crowded,- nothing hurried, noth
ing overwrought.' Let him find in the school
room thing:- which grow upon him as he con
tinues to live with them. Do not let the effect
of wholesome surroundings be neutralized by
a different spirit In the dally instruction. Let
there be no singing of cheap and catchy songs,
or, worse vet. of excessively emotional melo
dies. Let there be no straining after elaborate
grace or gesture, or undue expressiveness in
reading. Let there be no honeyed sweetness
in the intercourse of the teacher with the
pupils. If art is to have any place at all In
our scheme of education, let it have oppor
tunity of teaching its own proper lessons—les
sons cf quietness and confidence, of harmony,
of proportion, of clear-grained truthfulness.
COLLEGE EJ_TRJIJK-E
REQUIRE.ME.NTS
LOS ANGELES, July 13.— depart
ment of higher education held Its meet
ing to-day in conjunction with the depart
ment of secondary education.
The committee appointed at Denver in
1595 to prepare a report on I college en
trance requirements presented, through
Dr. A. F. Nightingale, Superintendent of
High Schools, Chicago, its report as
follows:
The committee on college entrance require
ments submitted their report. The committee
was appointed to study the question of col
lege entrance requirements, for the purpose of
harmonizing the relations between the second
ary schools and the colleges, "to the end that
the former may do their legitimate work, as the
schools of the people, and at the same time
furnish an adequate preparation to the pupils
for more advanced study in the academic col
leges and technical schools of the country."
The committee stated: "The study of the Eng
lish language and its literature Is inferior in
importance to no study in the curriculum. It
offers all, or nearly all, the opportunities for
mental training afforded by the study of any
language, and introduces the pupil to the lit
erature of his own tongue, which must al
ways be the true source of his own thought,
inspirations. Ideals and esthetic enjoyment,
and must also be the vehicle of his communi
cation with his fellow men. Hence this study
should be placed ln a position at least not In
ferior to that allotted other languages."
They expressed approval of. the following
principles:
1. .That there should be no difference between
the regular courses and the college preparatory
courses ln English in secondary schools;
2. That the college requirement in English
should be distributed through the four years.
The committee also recommended that four
periods per week for four years be allotted to
the work in English, and that at least one-half
of this time be devoted to the department of
literature.
The following resolutions adopted by the com
mittee put in concrete form the leading prin
ciples which guided it and which, in the com
mittee's judgment, were to be considered as
first principles In the adjustment of relations
between the secondary and higher schools:
Resolved, That the principle of election be
recognized in secondary schools.
Resolved, That the requirements for admis
sion to technical schools should be as extended
and thoroush as the requirements for admis
sion to college.
Resolved, That the teachers in the secondary
schools should lie college graduates, or have
an equivalent of a college education.
Resolved, That we favor a unified six-year
high school course of study, beginning with the
Seventh grade.
Resolved, That while the committee recog
nizes the principle of large liberty to the stu
dent in secondary schools, It does not believe
in unlimited election, but especially emphasizes
the importance of a certain number of con
stants in all secondary schools and in all re
quirements for admission to college.
Resolved, That the committee recommend
that the number of constants be recognised In
the following proportion, namely:
Four units In foreign languages (no lan
guage accepted in less than two units), two
units in mathematics, .two in English, one ln
history and cue In science.
Resolved, That the colleges will aid the
secondary schools by allowing credit toward a
,;oif r ,-.p (or work done In secondary schools, be
yond the amount required for entrance, when
equal in amount and thoroughness to work done
in the same subjects in college. \
Resolved. That for students who have met a
definite requirement In any science, and who
continue the subject In college, it s«-ems to us
desirable that there be provided a suitable
sequel to the school course ln continuation of
tbe study, sue*-, students being in no case
placed In the some clpns with beginners.
Resolved. That we approve of encouraging
lifted students to complete the preparatory
course in less time than Is required by most
students. •
Resolved, That In general we recognize in
schools the admissibility of a second year in
advance work in the same subject. Instead of
a second year In a' related subject;- for exam
ple, two years In biology, instead of one year
in biology and one year in chemistry, where
local conditions favor such an arrangement.
Resolved, That it is desirable that colleges
should accept, in addition to the year of United
States history and civil government, at least
half a year of Intensive study of some period
of history, especially of the United States.
Resolved, That It Is desirable that our col
leges and universities should accept as a unit
for admission a year's work in economics, in
cluding under this head a course in elementary
political economy, supplemented by adequate
Instruction in commercial geography and Indus
trial history.
Resolved, That we recommend an Increase
In the school day In secondary schools to per
mit a larger amount of study In school under
supervision.
In connection with courses of study sub
mitted, the committee said:
The opinion is held by good thinkers that we
are living ln an age of excessive individualism.
It is certainly true that the educational system
of the country has suffered, and still suffers,
from the great opportunity afforded by our
system for the play of individual idiosyncrasies.
It it; quite true, on the other hand, that educa
tion, as a whole, has gained vastly from the
freedom offered to individuals Initiative, but
on certain measures of national bearing the
time has come to subordinate some personal
preferences in order to reach an agreement
which shall make for the public good. Such
an agreement does not mean the abandonment
or sacrifice of a principle, but it may involve
the non-insistence on carrying the principle
into immediate practice. The committee dis
tinctly refrains from entering upon the task
of constructing currlculums to be imposed, for
the sake of uniformity, upon the schools of the
country'- Such uniformity is not needed; but
uniformity in courses of study which shall lead
to the establishment of national units, or
norms, does seem to be of so great importance
that both colleges and secondary schools may
fairly be expected to yield, to a large extent,
individual opinions which interfere with its
establishment. While the committee is unani
mous in this opinion, it feels that the opinion
would still be of little value but for the fact
that in the course of four years' work upon
this problem it has become convinced that
there is a widespread sentiment among thought
ful educators of the country which demands
such action. In formulating these courses of
study, these units, or norms, and presenting
them to the public, the committee does not,
therefore, feel that it is leading the way into
a new and untried field, ' making suggestions
which may come to fdultion in after years, but
that it is formulating, crystallizing, putting
Into definite shape beliefs and sentiments that
have already taken hold upon the educational
public. Legislation is largely the official recog
nition of existing facts or sentiment. The com
mittee in this work feels that it Is acting more
ln a legislative than in a pioneer capacity.
What relation commercial studies shall have
to other studies in the programme, and whether
any commercial studies, such as history of in
dustries, history of commerce and commercial
geography, should be recognized for admission
for college, are questions which will soon have
immediate practical importance. The whole sub
ject of commercial education in secondary
schools seems to the committee one deserving
3 ■
f
of special study, one, indeed, for the considera
tion of which a special committee might well
be appointed. . _
The document was somewhat intricate,
and in the discussion that followed the
following educators took part: President
Joseph Swain of Indiana University;
President David Starr Jordan, Stanford
University; President R. H. Jesse of the
University of Missouri; A. J. Smith. Su
perintendent of Schools. St. Paul, Minn.;
Frank Morton, principal of the Lowell
High School, San Francisco, and others.
EXODUS OF TJJE
TEACHERS BEGLNS
LOS ANGELES, July 13.— The exodus
from Los Angeles is on, and the next few
days will see almost as big a scramble in
and about the railroad offices as was wit
nessed when the army of passengers ar
rived here from the East late last week
and early the present one. Every berth
on to-night's Owl was taken before i>:3o
this morning, and the applicants for Pull
| man car * reservations northbound stood
knee deep in the Southern Pacific's city
ticket office all day. Nearly all of the
visitors who came via the Santa Fe will
return by one of the northern routes.
I The party of New York teachers which
l came West in charge of A. -S. Downey
! left to-night for Portland. The visitors
have their own train of three cars. The
Gillespie party goes to Monterey to-night
in two cars. A special party of Boston
people, consisting of 16S passengers, will
leave here to-morrow for the north."
To-day was San Francisco day at tho
California headquarters at the Van Nuys.
EDUCATION'S TRIUMPH
£ The progress of public education, as far as external J
{, growth is concerned, has been stupendous during the last J
k fifty years. The national investment in school houses and $
£. property needed for the conduct of schools is enormous and £
C is increasing with every moment. The same progress is no- *
£ ticeable in the development of higher education. The Euro- £
{_ pean standards of university appointments have not only been J
£ reached but surpassed. Fast as the material and external £
t progress is which has been made in public education the in- J
£ ternal progress in instruction and school management has £
{I more than kept pace with it. There are two currents which *
{. all popular education has to consider. One is the very neces- £
£ sary adjustment of education to the practical demands of life *
£ and to the march of history which carries a people along to J
* new destinies. Public education must prepare the future *
* citizen to take his place in the new world of state and so- £
* ciety that is forming about him. In our own political life the J"
* changes which the last thirty years have brought, both with- £
* in and also in the regulation of the republic to the world at *
* large, are deep and far-reaching. , J
* With the vast growth of the nation and the preponder- J
I ance of industrial life political and economic problems arise £
* which require superior intelligence and judgment on the part *
* of the masses. Without general education our government _£
* cannot exist. Every pulsation of American life makes for £
* thoughtful purpose and action and away from merely con- J
* templative rest. Public education can have no grander pur- £
* pose than to pulsate with the heartbeats of our people and J
£ prepare for thoughtful and energetic action and life. %
* School progress has been in the last twenty years clear- J
* lv in the direction of action. All methods of teaching in the j
* common schools aim more and more toward connecting £
1 knowledge with life, and methods of teaching with that free £
* activity toward which both the natural interests of the child £
< —
* and the genius" of our people tend. — Extract from the ad- £
*. dress of F. Louis Soldan. £
_ *
§**** ********* ********** ************ ********* ******h
To-morrow Stockton delegates will be in
charge.
The rush for tickets to see the Chinese
theatrical performance is very great. As
teachers are being complimented by the
entertainment committee at no cost they
are admonished to apply early for tick
ets. The troupe will arrive on Saturday
and will parade through the city escorted
by a delegation of prominent local China
men.
Visiting teachers are taking every op
portunity to view the adjacent places of
inter- st. This morning four carloads went
to Mount Lowe and four tally-ho parties
visited San Gabriel and Pasadena. Over
200 went to Redondo to enjoy the bathing
and fishing. The Terminal Railroad
carried several hundred to the Terminal
Island and Long ['.each. The people of
Long Beach are keeping open house and
welcome the teachers with hospitality.
A party of ISO was taken over the kite
shaped track by the Santa Fe. The party
visited Redlands, enjoyed the beauties of
Smiley Heights and was dined at the
Casa Loma. Later two. hours were passed
in viewing the orange groves at Riverside.
Up to noon to-day the joint ticket office
of the general headquarters had stamped
7000 tickets, and the railroad agents esti
mated that about 7000 more were still un
stamped. This would make a sale of
14,000 tickets, including Eastern and local
tickets, disposed of by railroads. The
local tickets comprise those that were sold
west of El Paso and Albuquerque and
) south of Portland.
Mrs. Hopkins, who has had the experi
ence of five previous meetings of the
National Educational Association, to-day
said that so far 10,000 memberships had
been issued and that at least 2500 would
follow before the close of the season.
Taking these two official figures of stamp
ing tickets and of issuing memberships
as a basis of calculation, the total at
tendance in Los Angeles for this National
Educational Association session will fall
below 15.000, but will exceed the Denver
meeting by several thousand, as the capi
tal of the Centennial State entertained at
the session of 1897 a little over 11,000 dele
gates.
The delegates from among the Chicago
teachers, who are all members of the Chi
cago Teachers' Federation, held a session
this afternoon, the meeting lasting from
2 o'clock until 3:30 p. m. The meeting was
called for the purpose of taking steps to
ward the formation of a national teach
ers' federation on the lines of the Chicago
organization. President Catherine Gog
gin of the Chicago Federation was elected
chairman to serve until a permanent or
ganization is effected, and Miss Margaret
Haley was elected secretary to serve for
the same time".
R. C. Baner, the national supervisor of
Indian schools, said to-day: "I consider
this, gathering of Indian instructors the
greatest success we have ever. had, and a
great compliment to Miss Estelle Reel's
astuteness in selecting Los Angeles as the
place for our meeting." In speaking of
the Indian outlook Ihe said: "The out
look with regard to Indians is that in a
very short time there will ,be no Indians
in the usual sense of the wtird, for all will
be patriotic American citizens. The girls
will make civilized homes for the boys,
and the boys will be ready to carry the
muskets behind the stars and the stripes."
To-morrow will wind up the business of
the regular session. The evening general
session will include an address on "The
Usefulness of the University," by David
Starr Jordan, president of Leland Stan
ford Junior University.
iMJIYVJAEET .NEXT
JIT C«HJ_RL.ESTO«N
LOS ANGELES, July 13.— The city of
Charleston, S. C. one of the galaxy of
bright Southern cities, is the choice of a
large majority of the teachers now here as
the place for holding the next annual
convention of the National Educational
Association. That fact was demonstrated
at the meeting of the new board of direc
tors held at the Chamber of Commerce to
night. Including Charleston the . cities
that contested for the meeting were Bos
ton, Cincinnati and Montreal. The claims
of each were ably presented, the balloting
being watched with intense interest, lhe
result showed Charleston to have more
votes than all competitors combined, 'that
city led in the contest with 23 directors in
its favor, Boston coming next with 11
votes, and Cincinnati had 3 votes and
Montreal 1. Asbury Park. N. J., and Sara
toga, N. V., did not. contrary expecta
tions^ have their claims presented. Dele
gations from both places have been .-.ere
hard at work, making claims of each and
distributing vast quantities of literature
setting forth the advantages of both
places. It was. however, discovered at
the last moment that neither city was in
it. so far as the present feeling is con
cerned, and it was therefore not thought
wise to enter either place. The South
Carolina delegation is to-night celebrat
ing its victory, which may, however, after
all prove barren of any real results, tor
the reason that to-night's choice is not
final, being only in the nature of a feeler.
The executive committee will not meet
to choose a convention city until late in
the year.
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, _
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
CADETS IN CAMP
Advance Guard Arrives at Santa
Cruz and Marches to Camp
Fallon.
SANTA CRUZ, July 13.— advance
guard of the League of the Cross Cadets
arrived this evening over the narrow
gauge, with Lieutenant Mahoney, Lieu
tenant Sullivan, Quartermaster Sergeant
McGinn and Sergeant Gaughran, late of
the United States army, in charge. Others
in detail were: From Company L, Ser
geant Sears and Sergeant McDonald;
Company H, Corporal Beasley and Pri
vate Dwyer; Company D, Private Cor
nell, Private Welsh, Private Dumas,
Bugler Sullivan and Corporal McDermott;
Company E, Corporal Greich and Drum
mer Welch; Company M, Sergeant Rossi
and Corporal Zariti; Company F. George
Bigley; Company A, Private McEnerney,
Sergeant O'Brien, Corporal McElroy and
Private Keene; Company X, Private
Buckley and Private Pilleteer; Company
N. Private Brophy and Private Mooney;
Company R, Corporal Burke and Private
McTernen; Company C, Private Henne
berry; hospital corps, S. J. Thomas.
On their arrival they formed in line and
marched to Camp Fallon and immediately
commenced work pitching tents and lay
ing out grounds. Supper was served in
camp by a caterer. In the regiment are
fifteen companies, all from San Francisco
excepting companies F and N of Oakland.
How the Queen of England Re
ceives Americans, as told by an Oak
land girl, in next Sunday's Call.
34
IMMENSE
BUSINESS
ALLIANCE
Wide Scope of the Work of
the American-China De
velopment Company.
ISDORSEMYENGLAI
♦ —
Millions of Dollars Involved in a
Scheme Uncle Sam Will Be
Asked to Sanction.
— —
(__/ec._. Znvp-zib to Tr_* -Cs-l.
NEW YORK, Juiy 12.— The Tribune
to-morrow v. ill say; A business alliance
of American and English capitalists ha_
betn recently formed which is of un
usual interest and importance, because
of the leading poeitiooa held by th.se
men on both sides of the Atlantic; be
cause of the many millions of dollars
involved in it; because the United.
States Government is ab&at to be asked
to give the compact ofhc.a: sanction and
moral .support; because England has al- ; ;
ready formally approved it, and be
cause the field of its <j_._rat.or.e ds be
yond the jurisdiction of both nations.
Announcement of this alliance was
made yesterday by F. V.'. V.'hit ridge of
the firm of Gary -t Wfaatridge, who ..ow
hlis the place left vacant by the death
of ex-Senator Calvin S. Brice as chair- i
man of the executive committee of the
American-China Development Com-,
pacy. The company is one party to the
agreement and tbe other is the British- i
Chinese Corporation This makes a
combination of the most povrerfol capi- ;
tailsts in the world, and the field of
their activity is China. • *
The concessions which ex-Senator
Brice feecured from the Chinese Govern- ;
ment for the American-China Develop,
ment Com; ar.y consist of the right to
construct a railroad 7£K> miles long from
Canton to Hankow, exceedingly vaiu
table coal mining concessions and other
industrial franchises of less individual,;
but great aggregate, vaiue.
Th«^ British company has a contract
to build an eighty-mile railway from j
Canton to Kowloon on the sea coast.
Tbe two resolved to poo! their under
taking and their profit. The British ;
company apparently got the better of
the bargain, but their ability to sell
Chinese bonds in the money markets of
Europe exceeded the ability of the
American company to sell Chinese
bonds in America, or anywhere else, to ]
feuch an extent that the advantage is j
only- apparent.
The American company's engineer,
W. Barclay Parsons of this city, has
completed the survey of the railway
line from Hankow to Canton and an
agent of the syndicate is now in Shang- ■:
hai. He reported that the -negotiations j
ut Peking have reached a critical stage
and there Is a disposition on the part i
of the Chinese Government, repre- I
sented by Hheng Tagen, director of
railways, to avoid fulfilling dta part of*]
the contract. This is the cause of their |
appealing .o our Government for moral
support. j
Mr. Whitridge asserts that Lord
Rosebery has already instructed the
British Embassador in China to treat '■
the contract secured by the American I
company and shared with the English j
company as if it were a British con- j
tract, and to urge the Chinese Govern- j
.cent to fulfill its terms. The American ;
company sent Mr. Parsons to \Vashing
ton yesterday to make a formal request
that the Government of the United
State- take a similar stand. Such a
demand upon the United States Gov- ]
eminent is probably unprecedented
The British and Chinese Corporation
(limited); the London company involv
ed, is a syndicate composed of the most
powerful financiers in Great Britain:
among others Messrs. Adolph yon An
dre, ArbUthnow Bros., Baring Bros.. Sir
John Barry, the eminent engineer: the
Hongkong and Shanghai Bank, Messrs.
Jardine, Mattheso-. & Co.. Ernest
Caesel, the China and Japan Bank. Sir
Auckian Colvin, Gibbs Bros,. Sir Sandy
Dawes, Hambro __ Sons, th*. London
and New Zealand Exploration Com
pany, the Mercantile Investment Com
pany, Charles Morrison, Henry Oppen
h'-im, Osborn O'Haggin; the Railway
Share Trust, Lord Rothschild, Sir
Thomas Houtherlar.d, Henry Parrnure,
George S. Gladstone, Sir Marcus Sam
uel, the Sassones, John Waeber, the
Lore. Mayor and other people of well
known standing.
The American-China Development
Company includes Kuhn, Doeb & Co.,
Morton, Bliss & Co., Central Trust Com
pany, H. C. Koster of J. P. Morgan &
Co., Chase National Bank, First Na
tional Bank, John Hegeman, president
of the Metropolitan Life Insurance
Company, Marcellus Hartley of Hartley
& Graham, J. Donald Cameron of
Pennsylvania, Henry Wolcott of Den
ver, Hugh J. Grant, Moore & Hchley,
Carnegie Steel Company, Arthur Bew
ail of Maine, C. C. Grlscom of the In
ternational Navigation Company. E. D.
Adams, representing the Deutsche
Bank of Berlin for America, the Rocke
fellers, Manhattan Trust Company,
f.om. members of the Vanderbilt family
and others of equal standing.
Says Alger Has Resigned.
NEW YORK. July 12.— A special to the
Journal from Pat'-rson, N_ J., says: At
torney General John W. Griggs and wife
left for Norwalk. Conn., yesterday. It is
currently reported that Mrs. Griggs told
a friend while here that the resignation
of Secretary' 'Alger Is already in the hands
of President MeKinley. She "is said to
have added that had she been in his place
she would have stuck it out in spite of
the newspapers.
Dependable Drugs
N.N.
Shampoo
Free
Friday and Saturday, July
14 and 15, every customer will
be given free a package of N.
N. Shampoo. It is a good
head wash and worth trying.
' %&!*& /^ Wtf ° oiaTi^g^!a-S-l
Z^k 1 1 28 Market St. __=_,____,
BITTEN BY THE
KISSING BUG
Oq_ of the Victims a BraKen)ar),
Who Was Sturjg While
Sleeping-
CAN' RAFAEL. July 25.— Thomas Green, a brake
man employed by the California Northwestern Rail
way Company, declares that the physicians and ento
mologists may deliver their die-turns as they please —
he was bitten by a kissing bug. The appearance of
the brakeman demonstrate* pretty clearly that he
was stung by some poisonous insect, as his lace
has beer, so badly swollen that for three days he
wa; blind ar.d had to be led home the cay after
he was attacked by what he is certain was the kiss
ing- bug. i.iss Mamie Joseph, a niece of ex-Sheriff
Harrison, w£t also stuns by an Insect, ar.d suf
fered severely for three days. The news of these
occurrer.ces has obtained general circulation, with
the result that the timid are terrorized and
nightly bar their windows tightly at the risk of pay
ing the penalty for the violation of a hygienic taw. THOMAS CREEK.
Last Friday night, while Green was asleep at Petaluma, he was
stung by ar. insert. Ke has a dim recollection of a bug of Borate kind
alighting on bis lip whiie he wa*- dozing. He brushed it away and was
soon soundly eAf-^pinfr. The next morning he looked In a mirror and
noticed a slight puncture Id the lower lip, which was slightly swollen.
In a_n hour his face had swollen so badly that his eyes were closed. A
physician was summoned bo told Green that he had been poisoned
by the sting of some insect. On Saturday afternoon the brakeman
came borne. He was unable to see, and when led to the home of his
father, John Green, presented such a plight that his parents were
alarmed and sent to a pharmacy for medicine. For four days Green
Buffered a good deal of pain, but on Tuesday last the inflammation be-
Kan to subside and yesterday the brakernan was able to return to
work.
Miss Joseph was stung on the left side of the nose while asleep and
the left FiZz of her face became mflamed and swollen, while she was
continually annoyed by shooting pains. No physician was summoned
in her case, arid she has now almost recovered from the effects of her
injury. She doesn't know whether or not the kissing bug is responsi
ble, but she Intends to give "the beast no more chances to cause her
any inconvenience."
SPORT IN THE WORLD OF SPORT
PITTSBURGS WIN THE
FINAL FROM THE GIANTS
KATIO-KA-L. LEAGUE STANDING.
Cl-be— W. L Pet Clubs— W. L Pet-
Bnokira ■■■■»'< -* _«7StPro___-_- -..*. V. -5»
p..U--»iP__v *4 27 .Xi ■.Cl_-clnr.--.tl ..XT- -5 ..S*
iifj-V/s *~ IS .«_* 'New York...*- *9 -***
C_.ic_go 1- -T .^.9 Louisville .--t. 4T .-'■-
St. Louis 42 -1 -573 W_j.h_i_g-_',n 25 4r .__!
Baltimore ...ffi» '£i .3*-. C_-*~___- ...12 JA .1-9
NEW YORK. Juiy 12. —The Pittsburg* won
the final gam* of the _v-r.es from the Giants
to-_ay thrp-gi the loo*e fielding bt Senaocr
bad Geltig. The tetter wm responsible Jor
four rune in the seventh, -srhi'.e Eeyrn-rur fig
ured prorr.-nesiiy is __c three ran. scred by
tbe visitors In the ninth. Atteni-nce, TV..
Score:
c__b»- K. H. E.
Ne-w York i -*
Pittsburg- * 15 J
Betbertu Seymour and Grady: TanneriOi and
BowejT____.n. Umpire* — Mat_.i-H.ti and Hunt.
BROOKLTN. --•}' 1- —St. L-7_te ..*.«.
Brooklyn to-day by _ great rally in the
•event!-, touching up Hugr.ec for fonr hit*,
which witt. two bases on halt? ana _ bract of
error*, let tn sis runs. Tb* Superbas could 40
nothing with Powell, a coopS- of ___e~ on talis
and I>*ly'* _4o___s -in th* fourth saving them
frcra a- shut-out. Attendance, 3408. ©core.
Club*— B- "- E
£;. L_u.s • « *
Brooklyn - •• *_ _ * -
Balt-r-W-^Powell and Criger; Hughes and
Grim. Umpirttf—Enutlie an. JfcDonal-.
PHILADELPHIA. July 13— To-day's gam.
was called at tbe end of Cleveland's seventh
ir.ning. owing to darkness. It looked like a
shut-out for the rteltari- up to that inning, but
a fumble by Cooler ar.d wo singles allowed
thtW to ewrf. Fr_-»*r wa. almost invincible.
Attendance, ZS«S. Score:
ciub*- k- h. r
Cleveland J ■> J I
Philadelphia. :v.-._ " v -
Battene*— Hughey and Bebrecomo_t; Fraser
and McFarland. empires — Ga.lr.ey ana
Latham.
BOSTON, July 13.— The Chicago* hit Lewi*
ln the first Inning to-day, wni'.e Garvin, a
young giant, who pitched his second league
game kept the Champions from bur.-.-ing their
l-IU except In the seventh. Collins" work at
third was the feature. Attendance, ZV/j. Score:
Cubs- B. B B
Chicago _ " _
80-ton ............. * . i? i
Batteries— Garvin and Donahue; l_ewi_; and
I Bergen. empires— Lynch and Connolly,
I WASHINGTON, July 13.— The Wai-hington
' Clnelnnatt gaiiie scheduled for tt^-day was
j postponed on account of rain.
BALTIMORE, July 12.— The Ba-timore
; Louisville game was postponed on acount of
i rain.
GOOD SPORTS AT PEORIA.
Edith W Makes the Best Mile in Har
ness for the Year.
PEORIA, July 13.— The Peoria Trotting
Association had ideal weather and a very
fast track, with COM people in attendance,
for the third day of the meeting. Th-.
feature of the afternoon*, racing was the
last heat of the 2:12 pace, which was done
in frfK-i by .Edith W. being the fastest
mile driven ln harness on any track up to
d&t*- this year. Results:
211 pace, $1000 (unfinished yesterday)—
•"■ay.—
Will Tranbv won, Baby Ruth second. Don
third, Seneca Se*e fourth. She Can, Harry
Victor and Romards finished as named.
Time- 2:0., 2:10^4, 2:07, 2:0*%.
2:12 pace, $1000— Edith W won in straigat
h'-ats, Calvin H second. Aelse third. Jen
nie Mac, Ophelia. Lily of the Valley,
Cavatlne, Carrie J. Harry C and Kirk
wood finished as named. Time— 2:07*4,
2 :06 V
2:16 trot. $1000— Ellert won second, third
and fourth h<-ats and race. Best time.
2:11%. Berglnia second, Josephine Dixon
third. Robert Dee. Pilot Evans, Grand
Baron, Eoka, Our Ducky, Oracle T an.
Kane also started.
2:50 pace, $1000— RHey B won in straight
\ hf-ats. Best time. 2:10 V Ariine B second,
X-ray third. Dord Sumrall. Harry B. Ar
eola. Plum Dine. Admiral Dewey and Dan
Patchen finished as named.
ARDEER WENS REACH PLATE.
Sloan Captures Midsummer Stakes
on Lorillard's Dominee 11.
LONDON, July 13.— At the third day of
the Newmarket second July meeting to
day the Reach plate of 108 sovereigns was
won by Douglas Baird'a b. c. Ardeer. Tod
Sloan rode C. F. Dwyer's b. I Peaches,
but was unplaced. Fifteen horses raj the
last five furlongs of the Banbury mile.
The betting was 6 to 1 against aches.
A handicap plate of 100 sovereigns was
won by H. Ban at* I <j. m. Sweet Story.
Sloan rod' the Prince of Wales' vernal!,
but was unplaced in a field of seventeen.
The betting was 13 to 8 gainst Eventail.
In the race for the midsummer stakes
P. lorillard's Dominee 11, ridden by
Sloan, beat Lord Dunraven's Morgante.
Thin event is of 800 sovereigns, added to
a sweepstakes of 10 reigns each for
starters. The Siting was 25 to 1 on Dom
inee 11. •
The Chesterfield stakes were won by
I-eopold de Rothschild's b. f. Atbara.
Vlscomte Foy's Mercure Gallant, ridden
by Sloan,' was unplaced. Nine horses ran
tne last five furlongs of the Banbury
mile. The betting was 100 to . against
Mercure Gallant.
The -Vghweight handicap was won by
St, Lundy. Sloan rode Red Queen 11. and
finished second, Lather-On-Wheel was
third. Nine horses ran a mile and a half.
The betting was 7 to 4 against Red
Queen 11.
Rain Stops Racing.
DETROIT, July 13. — Heavy rain
throughout the day rendered necessary
the postponement of the harness races at
Highland Park.
SAGINAW, July 13.— T0-day's harness
races were postponed until to-morrow on
account of rain. -
THE SAX FBA3 CISCO CALL, FRIDAY JULY 14. 1^99
QUARREL MARS
CHICAGO TENNIS
TOURNAMENT
\ Eastern Men Say the
West Was Favored.
THE PLAY STOPPED BY RAIN
— •• —
POSTPONED MATCHES WILL
COME OFF TO-DAY.
•
, The Tourney at Queens Eoyal Has
Already Beached the Finals.
Whitman Still Holds His
Own.
«
Special Dispatch to Tbe CalL
CHICAGO. July 13.— play in the
Western championship tennis tourna
ment closed to-day with a quarrel. A
postponement on account of rain of the
semi-final round of doubles, which is
one of the most important matches of
the week, called forth complaints from
players and spectators, and may cause
I a rupture in the tournament. Sectional
| feeling entered into the matter, and as
| the decision favored Western men the
j Impartiality of the tournament officials
; was brought Into question.
'■ Two matches in doubles -were but
I fairly started when a drizzling rain set
lin which grew .... as the play pro
! greased. Two sets were played in the
; wet, both going to the Eastern team.
j When the fourth set was called Referee
• M'.Lellan called a halt and aimed that
j the courts were ln no condition to play.
j With the chances in their favor for win
; ning, the Eastern players entered a
i vigorous protest, claiming the courts
were no worse than when the previous
j sets were played and demanded that the
j match be finished.
It took half an hour to finally decide
• the matter. The rain continued during
! that time and sustained the referee in
I his decision. Hackett and Allen ac
j cused the local management of stop
's ping the match to save the Western
• men, who were decidedly off in their
| game after the rain started. Results:
Semi-final doubles— Hackett and Al-
I Jen against Bond and Collins, 4—6, 6 — -.,
6 — l, unfinished; Myers and Warden
! against McQueston brothers, 6—l, 6—2,
. unfinished.
The play will begin to-morrow in the
! fourth round of singles and all the
j matches postponed from to-day will be
j played before the doubles. The un
| finished contests in double- will also be
j played off.
QUEENS ■ ROYAL. NIAGARA, Ont„
I July 13.— The championship tennis tour
' nament has already reached the finals.
• National Champion M. Whitman won
' from Reals Wright of Boston in the
I semi-finals in two close sets. The finals
I will I.- played to-morrow afternoon
and Whitman's opponent will be the
winner of the match between E. P.
Fisher and J. P. Paret.
Considerable progress has been made
|in the handicap singles and the
i four tow-mark men, Whitman, Fisher,
| Wright and It. D. Little, are still un
-1 defeated. ______________
CYCLING RECORDS BROKEN.
Lawson and Turville . Make Good
Time at Salt Lake.
SALT LAKE, July 13.— The world's re
cords were broken here to-night on the
Salt Palace eighth of a mile "saucer"
track.
John Lawson, the "Terrible _3,wede,"
paced by tandems, rode a mile In 1:613-5,
breaking the world's record for that dis
tance on an indoor track.
Clem Turville of Philadelphia, in the
five-mile professional event, went the dis
tance In 11:20.
Canadian Tennis Championship.
QUEEN'S ROYALE, Niagara, Ont.,
July 13.— this morning's match three
men have already reached the semi
finals in the Canadian championship
tournament. Whitman, Wright and
Fischer are the fortunate ones, and the
fourth will be the winner of the Pare-
Park' Wright match. Scores:
Singles, second round— Beals "Wright
beat E. R. Patterson, 6-1, 6-1; E. P. Fisch
er beat H. E. Avery, «-4. 7-..
Handicap singles— M. D. Whitman beat.
Parke Wright, scratch, 6-3, 6-3.
Adventures of Gunner Brown.
Every youth wants to read the story
of this boy in next Sunday's Call.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
LAYS NEW TRACKS
j Line Near Elwood Will
Be Straightened.
— »
BAD GRADES TO BE ABOLISHED
j — ♦ — —
EIGHT OF WAY ALREADY SE
! CTTSZD :zeov:-? ___ANCH__S.
— « —
j The Saloons in the Neighborhood cf
th* Ca~p Delay the
Work of Constrtic
_____
♦
j
S_>_-r-__ I>l_rpa_tch to Thi CsH.
I SANTA BARBARA. July ___— Tne
j Southern PaclS. Company will straight en
i its line between this city and Elwood.
i thus saving two or three miles and doing
■ away with a great many curves and
■ heavy grades. It has been ru-zor^d fur
'• some time that the company was contem
i p-iating making thi* change, but nothing
definite was known until to-day, when
I ii enry HiU deeds*! to the Southern Pacific
' a right of way through his ranch
-1 The trip of land which the Southern
, Pacific bought contains almost six acres,
and the price paid was $3T_->. the cc.mp_my
; paying as high as $803 an acre for wain tit
i lands. The price paid will be a basis upon
i which the other ranchers along this line
will charge the company for the right cf
-. way. Every train brings in twenty-five
'. to fifty new men for tbe railroad camp at
; or near Elwood. but the contractors are
: meeting with much trouble in keeping the
I men snore than a few days.
Tie -saloons near the camps are delaying
'-. the work of construction, as the men fre
quent these places every evening and th 3
i following day are in poor condition to
• work, become dissatisfied and quit. The
| Board cf H_.pervisors took up the matter
| and an attempt was made to revoke the
', licenses, but it was unsuccessful. Ramish
it __larsh are importing Mexican labor
'■ and are meeting wilt much success.
OK EASTERN TRACKS.
Killashandra "Wins in a Walk at j
Brighton Beach.
NEvT TORK, July 12— The chief event en !
to-day's card at Brighton Beach wa* the j
-vrir.jjed-Foct handicap for two-year -old* at !
\ five furlong., is which Killashandra was, the
I favorite and Vulcain second choice. At the i
| fall cf the flag- Killashandra took the lead j
• and never reln<_nisbed. winning easily, with j
I Prince of Melbourne eeeon_. Vulcain got off I
i badly, as usual, a—\£ ran all the way in tbe- 3
j heaviest part of the track, while the others I
! went to the outside in the beginning. Results: ;
One rn'le — Bannockbum wen. George Keene I
j second, _. wiftro&s third. Time. 1:42 3-3. - |
Five and a half furlongs — Prejudice won. |
iLidy I'ncas second. Flower of Gs.i third. Time, \
; !:•» 1-5.
i One mil* — Briar Sweet wen. F onsen, sec- j
•: ond. Dr, Parker third. Time. 1:42.
Wir.red-Foot handicap, five furlong*— Kill- i
5 ashandra won. Prince of Melbourne second, j
j Volc-In third. Time, ltd,
i One arid a sixteenth miles, selling— Kirkwood ;
> won. Diminutive secend. Fast Black third, j
! Time. I_4> 4--.
Seven furicngs — Intrusive won, Tamoran sec- i
it
CHICAGO, Jul; 12.— Weather at Hawthorne j
I deer: track fast. Results:
I Six furlong*, two-year-olds— Lew Kraft won. j
' Ladr Elite second, Rosa Diax third. Time. I
i 1:11...
i Seven furlongs, four-year -olds and upward— j
' Al Lone won, LoyaSetta second, Ison third, j
j Time. I:_TV
Mil- and a quarter— Deering wen. Boney Boy !
i second. Monk Wa>_an third. Time. 2:<?r»4. j
! Short course steeplechase, three-year-old* and !
i upward— Gypcelver won, Chenir *econd, Zu_a!lg ,
■ third. Time, 3:13.4.
j Seven furlongs, four-year-olds and upward— ;
! Periwig won. Fair Deceiver second. Tony L5
--| caizl third. Time, 1:2-%.
i Mile, three-year-olds and upward— Semper
! Ea/dem won. Bon Jour second. Lord Zeni third.
j Time, I:_o*_.
j BUFFALO, July 13.— At Fort Erie this after
i noon Kliee. an outsider, beat out some of the
i best horses at the track. "Weather cloudy,
I track fast. Result* :
One mile— Skill-nan won. Rotterdam second, i
i Tony Honig third. Time. I:4P__.
Fiv* furlongs — Larkspur won. Lizzie McCar- !
' thy second. Statira third. Time, 1 :<,.*;.
Six furlongs— Hilee won, George Krata *ec- '
i ond. Luke of Mlddleburg third. Time, 1:15. ]
Five and one-half furlongs— TyrJan won. Al- ;
I b*"-t S. second. 3>jmbarton third. Time, I:CS. *
Mile snd an eighth— Ollie Dixon won, King ;
i Elk wood second. Jessamine Porter third. Time, i
i I:_C. i
One mile— Jim McGibbon won. Cynthia H. J
j second. Shield Bearer third. Time, I:4L
1 PT. LOUIS, July 13.— Alice Turner --. _ La
i Josephine were the only winning favorite* at <
! the Fair Ground* to-day. Result*:
I One — Tragedy won. Guide Rock second,
• Allevlato third. Time. 1:42»_.
j Selling, one -and three-sixteenths mile*— Judge
! Ste-dman won, • .mura eecond, Trimmer third.
! Time. 2:02 V
Two-year-olds, five furlongs— Alice Turner
! won. Lady Curzoa second. Miss Ma*- Day third.
! Time. 1:02 V -_ ■ _ ;
' Six furlongs— Fansturo won. Our Gertie sec- ;
ond. Verity third. Time. 1:14 V
I Handicap, one mile— Got obed won, Pal Mor
! rlssey second. Fireside third. Time. I:4l**.
■ Cjne mile and twenty yards— La Josephine
! won. Red Pirate second. Be True third. Time, j
1 1:44H ' -
EMMETT DONAHUE MAY ,
SUE FOR DIVORCE
The Ukiah Society Belle Too Fond of
the Companionship of Young
Harold Hart.
UKIAH, July 13.— When the newß be
came commonly disseminated that Em
mett Donahue, a prominent citizen of this
' community, had been forced to separate
I from his wife on. account of her alleged
! infatuation for a son of J. H. Hart, the
j local Western Union operator and agent
I for Wells-Fargo, a sensation was created
j and the affair Is now the common talk of
j the town. Not only is Mrs. Donahue a
| beautiful woman, but the position she
| held as a society belle was not resigned
I after her marriage and she has always
\ been the center of attraction at every
! leading social event.
| Emmett Donahue, who is the son of cx
i Sheriff Jerry Donahue, is one of the mem
bers of a firm handling abstracts of rec
ords, and has always enjoyed an irre
proachable reputation. He was married
about eight years ago to Emma Man
kins, whose father at one time owned a
great deal of land in the northern part of
town. Their union was blessed -by the
birth of a daughter, who was named
Ruth. A few months ago Mrs. Donahue
began to show a marked preference for
Harold Hart, who is several years her
| junior, and finally the tongue of scandal
; began to wag. Lgly stories came to the
husband's ears and he expostulated with
his wife, but ln vain. Things finally
reached a point where Donahue flatly told
; hie wife that her conduct must cease or
; they would have to separate. She seemed
not to care and last week the husband
deeded her their residence and presented
her with HMO in coin. Then he removed
his personal belongings and it is under
stood will sue for a divorce*.
Public sympathy seems to be with Don
ahue, even his wife's relatives declaring
that her conduct has been Inexcusable.
Dredger Stops Work.
MARYBVIELE. July 13.-San Francisco
managers of the Postlethwaite dredge,
which has been operating in Yuba River
near Parks Bar, have issued orders to
discontinue work In the search for gold.
It Is not known if this .jeans a perma
nent cessation of work or only tem
porary.
♦ ■
Fetrow-Maloney. Nuptials.
MARTBVILLE, July Ll.— David E. Fet
row of this city and Mr.. Dora Maloney
of .Lincoln were married In Sacramento
to-day. They will reside in Marysvllle,
where Mr. Fetrow Is employed Ly tho
Sunset Telephone Company. , ■ . .
ANITA BYRNE
WAS OVERWORKED
AND DEMENTED
Was Weary of Her
! Daily Drudgery.
— . I
RUSSIAN ESPIONAGE SYSTEM
— • —
; TELEPHONE OFFICE _s-_a.de a s
DBS OF HOBBOBS.
.
; Coroner Hill _-_.-.- That Detectives
Are Employed to Watch the
Overs-orked Girls and Be
port -." ::__.:__
— *—
\ Dr. Cag_.er_, acting autopsy surgeon, j
j held an autopsy yesterday on the body ]
; cf Anita Byrne, the telephone girl who j
: committed suicide last "Wednesday by tak- •
| lug carbolic acid- H_ found that she was j
\ a pure girl and that deatn was due to the
I poison. There v.-_re evidences that her i
I nervous system had been undermined by]
| overwork and the constant worry— a con- j
: dition that seems to be the lot cf the tele- j
| phone operators of this city.
I Coroner Bill will hold an inqurst at 5:35 j
| and make a searching investigation into j
; the matter of overwork. This is the third ]
\ case within a very few months in which j
i a telephone girl has mace away with her-
I self because of temporary menial, de- j
\ rangement brought on by nervous tension j
i and overlcng hours.
\ Among the witnesses who hare been
The Wrecked Brit'sh Ship City of York,
subpenaed to appear are the ac^r. ?
superintendent of the telephone company ,
and Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald. Tne
mat tef will be thoroughly gone into and
the methods of the telephone company
will be exploited. It is said that .he treat
ment of the girls in the service °f|the
Sonop-ly is as bad as though the knout ]
were applied to their bare backs
Coron-r Hill is authority for the state; -
menttthat Miss Byrne had a horror oil
Sing discharged, and that the telephone |
eiris are under a system o. espio.-age so
Srict that they are kept in constant ter-
r °\Vhen sb* received a telephone message \
last -Tuesday that she must report for,
.ast th- next day she burst into tears .
■
at the prospect of having to return to the
fife of slavery in the electric pens of the
co .tf o^fl°r"tand." said Coroner Hill y_~
terday "that sixty-nine detectives are
em-frved by the telephone company .O;
watch th* girls. For the least infract on .
-___$_5_S SS-SSffigg ,
tes in then
ranks."
SIEVER CONTRADICTED.
Startling Story of Nightly Ca
rousals at East Office.
BAN RAFAEL. July 13.-Frar.k pavers
story regarding his relations with Miss
Anita Byrne and the time he became ae
cuainted w-ith her Is flatly contracicted by
?hiv > l Perkins formerly Adelyn Con
™<n o ; this city. who, until eighteen months
Slo" was ill night chief operator of East
o*tce She furnishes some interesting evi
dence' concerning Seaver's record, first as
swuebboard operator and later as man-
r notic h c a m OI the c - papers." said the lady
to-i- "that Mr. Seaver says be became
r couainted with Miss Byrne when he was
manager of East office. This is -true,
F *r more than a year prior to his promo
tion to the position of manager I was
night chief operator of the office. Seaver
wis then simply a switchboard man and
flnrins all this time he was acquainted
with Miss Byrne and used to bring her to
the office while he was supposed to be at
tend In t? to his duties. If he is quoted cor
rectly in saying the relation he sustained
to her was Simply that of a brother, then
he was a brother whom no rent could
trust Many times he entered the office
with 'the girl when both were intoxicated.
Miss Adrianne Reilly. my assistant, often
used to discuss this with me and We ex
pressed sorrow for Miss Byrne, who was
deemed a model young -man before her
acquaintance witn '..,__•..
"Freauently he would, while drinking,
try to act familiarly with Miss Reilly and
mv«elf and we both gained his enmity by
"pulsing him. the result being that when
he was promoted to the position of man
aeer he encouraged us to talk to subscrib
ers ring idle moments and then made
trouble for us with the company.
"As manager he was very arbitrary and
once forced a 'day girl' named Toohey,
who lives on Union street, near Hyde, to
work when she was ill and added several
hour' overtime because she was five min
utes late in reaching the office. Miss
Bvrne once told me that Seaver had
promised to marry her and it was doubt
less a refusal to do uo that caused her
suicide.* ! ___
COLONEL PLUMMEB DEPAHTS.
Goes to Vancouver Barracks to Or
ganize the Thirty-Fifth
Infantry. .5
Lieutenant Colonel PlUmmer departed
for .Vancouver barracks on the Oregon
express last night. Upon his arrival he
will immediately assume charge of the
work of organizing the new Thirty-fifth
Volunteer Regiment, to which he has been
assigned Enlistments will be received
at various points on the coast: in fact,
the regiment will be recruited exclusively
from the States of Washington, Oregon
and California, and forwarded to the bar
racks, where they will be "licked into
shape" preparatory for the campaign In
♦he Philippines. Recruiting began in this
city yesterday, and Major Burkholder has
already received quite. a. number. of appli
cations from would-be soldiers.
. ♦ ■
"Cars -top here," this Is the sign
The Mariet-st. Railway wish to define.
Pegamoid Aluminum does it for them;
' Opposite "Call Bldg." 'tis a gem.
TWELVE MEN
DROWNED IN
A SHIPWRECK
Ship City of York a
Total Loss.
— ♦ —
SAILED FROM HERE IN APRIL;
— ♦ —
DSIVEN ASHOBE ON BOTTNEST
ISLAND IN A GALE.
♦
Captain Philip H. Jones and Eleven \
of the Crew- Were Drowned
While Trying *? Beach
Shcre.
The British ship City cf Tork. which
left "here on April 13 last for Fremantie.
Australia, is a total wreck en R_ttr.e=t
Island, and Captain Jones and eleven of
the crew are drowned. The news of the
disaster came in a short dispatchto the
Merchants* Exchange yestercay. The full
par*-c"'ar= will not be known here _ntu
the arrival cf the mail steamer from Syd
ney. X- 5. TV. - _
The City at Tork arrived here _rom ___•
e-poci with a eeneral cargo on January
__? and soon after was chartered by J. J-
Mocr- & Co. to lead lumber for Australia.
=he lav at the seawall and TC-fl-O feet 0..
redwood, pine and- spruce lumber. 3533
doors and US rolls of paper, ail va.ueci
at S-TdSl. were put aboard her.
There was seme trouble ever the load
iak and a lawsuit is now in progress ever
the matter. The steam schooners Aloha
I and Crescent City arrived about the same I
i time, and both had lumber for the ship. ;
! The Crescent City got alongside first, but ;
I the Aloha came along and her crew, cast- j
! ing the Crescent City off. pushed her into j
| the stream and took her place- j
| After leaving here the City of York had .
I a good run across the Pacific, and on j
I June 10 -was spoken off Goode Island. \
; From there she must have run into the
[ heavy weather that has prevailed along
! the Australian coast of late and finally ;
i piled up on Rottnest Island.
When Captain Jones and his vessel went
ashore she was only ten miles from -her
destination. Rottnest Island is near tne j
entrance to the Swan River, on which
Fremantte is built, nd had she passed
that spot all would have been well. It Is ,
considered a very dangerous locality and I
i shipmasters keep a bright lookout for the •
, reefs that extend out from half a mile
; to a mile from the shore. Rottnest Island :
is six miles long by two and a half miles
> broad.
"When the City cf Tcrk was ready to •
sail from this port she was ten men short -
iin her crew, and the following were j
! shipped before the British Consul to fill
the vacancies: O. B. Hughes, age 33,
boatswain; W. Stockwell, 25, ordinary sea
man; R. D. Mel. 25, ordinary __*__-__; >
J. Wallis, -" able seaman; S. R. Parry, I
24, able seaman; T. Cann. 47, able seaman; I
W. Plante. -- able seaman: I- Bonner,
45, able seaman; G. Wto« 56, able sea
man; M. Wortbington, 21. able seaman. j
Besides the above there were the fol
lowing who came to San Francisco on the
vessel: Philip H-. Jones, age S7, master; |
i Pape, SCt, first mate; Baxter. 25, j
second mate; John Connolly, 3D. able sea
man; F. Burk. 50. able seaman: M. Mar- |
j phy. 56. able seaman; Nicholas Termasser. i
j 30. able seaman. The City of York also j
[ carried a carpenter, maker, cook and I
I steward and thiee apprentice boys, whose i
I names cannot be ascertained here.
Third Mate Stewart did no* go out with
I the vesel. He was dying from consump- ;
ftion. so Captain Jones sent him home and !
I shipped a boatswain in his place. Second I
i Mate Baxter is the son of Captain Baxter
1 of the City of Benares, in which vesel j
Captain Jones was ahlef officer for four j
years before taking command of th- City
iof York. The other members of the crew
I were well known here. M. Murphy was
; a great favorite at the Seamen's Institute.
[He hailed from New York and had been
! all through the civil war. During his stay
; in port he gave three lectures on the art
of bandaging gunshot wounds and the
care of the sick on the battle-field and
aboard ship. Murphy has a pension com- j
Ing to him from Uncle Sam. and it was i
| his intention to put in his claim when he j
I came back to San Francisco.
i Captain Philip H. Jones was one of the j
t best liked and most courteous masters
i that came to San Francisco. He was mar- j
; ried about three years ago in Adelaide, I
' Australia, but his wife is now living in j
Coleford, Gloucestershire. England. It
was the captain's intention to give up the 1
sea after this voyage and make his home
in California. He left one child at home
with his wife, and expected to hear of
; the birth of another as soon as he arrived
■ at Fremantle.
Captain Jones was passionately fond of I
his wife, and the night before he sailed
he remained in the office of the Stewart
Menzies with F. G. Wilson until after
midnight^' in the hope that the English!
mail, which was hourly expected, would !
bring him a letter from home. He had j
been six years master of the City of York I
and never met with an accident before.
The City of York was built in 1559 by J.
Elder & Co. of Glasgow. She was lit.. 1
i tons net burden, 222 feet 7 inches long. 35 j
'' feet & Inches broad and 21 feet 7 inches
deep, fihe was owned by the Ship City of
York Company, Limited. Vessel and car- .
go were fully insured.
The Medal Fund.
The following are the latest contribu
tions to the medal fund for medals and
certificates to be given to all who volun
teered in California during the recent war
with Spain: \ '
From citizens of Bridgeport. Mono
County, through the Chronicle Union, CO;
from the Assessor's office, $8.50; cash, $10.
Those in the Assessor's office who con
tributed are: " ■ -
Washington Dodge. Assessor, flO: Edmond
Godchaux. W. H. Kline. A. D. Miesepaes.
George Tuv.ll, Charles Gildea. R. T. Curtis.
Thomas J. Clark, John M. Ferris, Hugh S.
Hagan, $2 50 each; A. Murphy, James Graham,
P. M. Wellin, W. Tourtillott, S. A. Raphael,
J. C. Corbett. James Curlett. R. O. Luders. "R.
G. Spalding, E. F. Lacy, Frank Barrett. C. H.
Woolsey. J. L. Hoisted. G. J. aicCbeaney, W.
_ ... _- r. _>_=_- ___• - -- B. How,
?h___Sf^ft_«i-»r -- - £>-.*. :" " ------
C____r.« . Cl-_r«_«. It. J SSc
m H r>
£*[ ~~ _wi__v r__it-js.«_ W__U_x_ -*- Pr_-
J 1 ■__■' _-_:.»___« <- V -_**-e^
-SC tl Pari, C___-_- O ililir <-.*
-- ***^-_____ _r_.-__-_ G * «-«.-__-_ _-. G.
f^r,. J«^_*s?&. <J F. Mc*-_--i. M j:
Keara .? r * « t . ~- B__-e2. A- L.
-
J. E. O-Briea. I^Jh J^Tc^__er.
_-^-Xr n JfeeS--r S__P- iP. T^cbey «- G.
_L Meyer, n *__-: uta. t- da-e, »-
Given away with each cat* went m -*■
tmem-rt ordered m aezt londay's Call, -
mma-Hkent portmrt of Adnwaf Dewey,
priced is M :r:-: « >''" : '^
resdy for framing.
IN HEB OWN DEFENSE-
i Mrs. Adams Tells the Story - Her
* Baby's Strange Death
__t~- Minnie Adams, charged with hay
! U £s*£S to death her baby boy- J^nn
!i_icl__rd Grey, took the stand to her own
! b-^alf yesterday. Mrs. Adams hrst ce-_-ea.
• thS - _hVTp_. the house at which the baby
\ __et' .t-Tdeath en the night preceding a*
!_!_>«_ by the police, and 5 -"^.
iwuld nc{ have bought the PO^.^
: claimed- Next she said that on __c -
i'^owVr the baby's death Gray^tue
| father cf the child: a man name. -«n
--nin~ aud an O-Scer came to U_e dot —
[g-5 began to i abuse _ ncr
Sri-* that he would -fix ncr for
- _______&__a cf the crime.- Finally he be
came si. abusive. Mrs. Adams said, that
■ t J?L,t n~rA*-*<\ !______ out cf the house:
the cf-iC-r oruerea m — -■ __»- »«■ j~ ..->
i: n "fact, removed him by the arm. « ~" a
Sieved she said that she first saw
\__ei bottle from which the baby ******
■ the poison on Monday
' -Si tragedy. Her little brother Harry
: £,* ",-ivl*v*£ bottle into the house ana s_-l
; fcroUfe^- *_____ s _ n^zrz_m  •Bt-'-.«>-i_ the soldiers
thai he bad fena^* tt^faafbel F™*
• eamnec and _no_g^- v.*"-v.-l_. .rf.— ,,
• -TTpk^ cofie* to scnool to. -Irs. Ana— 3
! told him to take it otTt cf the ho_.se. am
-
>h r tbe next day. Mrs. Adams said, . De
i b^tb^t^bottle .He get
__S hl \ 3 c__t_ns^^-_noLnrh-d lhe" dgective.
[JSSfSKto^ e>W «1! ___ own
story- For her pains Mrs. Ada-? says
that the detective toid her to --■--: her
mouth shut- Subsequently, -when tho
Coroner's deputies came to remove tho
body Graham was on hand. Mrs. A___i
asked -hv they -were gtang to take her
babvs body away, and afain she was to.d
to mind her business. Finally she asked
permission to kiss her baby grood-by a__d
started toward the room in which tha
body laT. Thereupon Graham slammed
the door in her lace and refused her per
mission to see the body, teliin? her to
come to the Morg-ue if she desired.
"When Mrs. Adams asked Sergeant
Duke when they were trains: to bury her
baby she said that he answer "Oh, I
guess next week." Then she asked per
mission to go to the funeral, and Duke
and Graham promised her that she could
accompany the body to the grave. For
four days they kept np these promises.
and then she found that the body had
been buried.
This system of police persecution kept
up throughout the preparation of tho
case. she said, and without cause, as she
offended no one. She further testified
rerardins. the bottle that Mrs. Kenny ha-i
seen the" chHd playing with it near tho
chicken trousrh in the yard and bad said
so afterward. Her testimony was cor
roborative of that given by various other
witnesses.
ADVEBTISEMEBTTS.
wfarwP \\ y_t^-____,
I Complete j
I Manhood. 1
-♦- i
4- . "♦
+ -•
■♦" TH thousand men have been restored _
■*- to perfect manhood by Dr. M-I_a-;_ "_
♦- lin's Electric Belt. It infuses that "*
«. warming, healthful erf-. into the ■*
' weakened nerves »nd organs and re- -4
_~ M re* them by giving Into them the -«
4" vital force which they have lost. That a
♦ Is the whole secret ot the success of ,_
-► Dr. McLaughlin Electric Belt. ~Z
; IT RESTORES VITAL ENERGY. 5
• It is the cne grand remedy for weak .
tit is It stops the losses and makes "1
mew. It stops the lc-sses and makes "*
4- manhood complete. Do you wart to 4
4-! feel like yourself again? Lav aside -.
4- drugs and quackery and get the grand- -_
4- est of ail remedies.
Ik McLaughlin's Electric Belt, <
4- If you cannot call at the office send -.
4- for the little book. "Three Classes 4
_. Men. ' illustrated. It is free, sealed, -
I by mail, or can be had at the office 1
-♦- Call or address,
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin \
"t 702 Market St.., ear. Kearny St?--"*
I Burdick Block, cor. Spring and Second *
Etta., Urn Angeles. _--<._...
V Office Hours— S a. m. to 8 : S 30 0 L P r. m V -i
-f- Sunday?. 10 to I. NEVER <foT n?v
4- STORES. SOLD in 1A PUBLIC RECEPTION
FOR THE OREGONIANS
Will March This Morning From Their
Ships to the Presidio.
This Evening They Will Be Dined at Mechanics' Pavilion
and Taken to the Various Playhouses of
the City.
___. HE returned Oregon volunteers will
march off their transports to-day to
receive a reception at the hands of
ji San Francisco that they will never
forget. They will be ordered off the
ships at Folsom street wharf at S:3O
o'clock this morning, to be met with mili
tary honors due their valor by a troop of
the Third United States Cavalry, a bat
tery of light artillery and the Third Ar
tillery band. Before 9 o'clock they will
take up their march for the Presidio, up
Market street to Golden Gate avenue.
OREGONIANS CHAFED AT THEIR STAY ON THE TRANSPORTS.
Golden Gate avenue to Van Ness. Van
Ness to I/ombard street and Lombard
street to the. Presidio. At Bush and Van
Ness they will be reviewed by the major
general commanding the department and
his staff, the Governor of Oregon and his
staff.
The city has been decorated as gayly as
If for a national holiday— a patriotic me
tropolis in a full dress of flags— and a
number of employers have signified their
intention of giving their help a half-holi
day to join in the demonstration of wel
come to the first volunteer regiment from
across the seas.
The reception has taken on an official
tone from the fad that the Supervisors,
the moment they heard the Oregonians
were to be mustered out here, adopted a
resolution to that effect, appointing a
committee of citizens to arrange for the
welcome. This committee went to work
at once and the result will be a busy
day for the men who have been so long
on the transports. After the parade they
will be allowed the afternoon to
straighten themselves out in camp. At 5
o'clock they will start on street cars for
Mechanics' Pavilion, where a dinner ar
ranged for by the committee will be set
for them. The fact that the decoration
of the pavilion and tne tables will be in
charge of the Red Cross ladies of San
Francisco will make them even mor_
beautiful for the "home again volunteer."
After the spread and the speeches the
committee will take the boys to all the
playhouses in town. The managements
of the various theaters have consented to
set apart seats in their respective houses
for the volunteers, who must be "show
hungry" by this time. With the drop
ping of the various curtains the official
reception will terminate. ■""'''•-
That ought to make a busy day even
for such a sturdy lot of soldiers as the
Oregon regiment contains. .
OREGONIANS ARE TO BE
GENEROUSLY BANQUETED
Returning Volunteers Will Be Given
a Warm Welcome to San
Francisco.
At an informal meeting of the Super
visors yesterday afternoon the following
committee was appointed to arrange for j
a reception to the Oregon volunteers: J. I
B. Elliot, representing the Chronicle; A. |
M. Lawrence, representing the Examiner; !
W. J. Martin, representing The Call, and j
Colonel William P. Sullivan, representing
Mayor Phelan. The committee at once
convened in the office of Mr. Phelan in
the Phelan building land, elected Colonel
Sullivan chairman. It was suggested that
an effort be made to induce the military
authorities to postpone the march
through the streets for a few hours . in
order that the volunteers might be given
breakfast at the ferry, but after a con
ference with General Shafter, Major No
ble and Adjutant General B. B. Tuttle
of the National Guard it was decided that
this plan was not feasible.
The committee then suggested that the
Oregon boys be allowed to return to the
city after arranging their, canrp at the
Presidio, in order that the city might ten
der them a formal reception. This plan
met with the unqualified approval of Gen
eral Shafter, and also . of Colonel Sum
mers, commanding the Oregonians. ; The
i committee adjourned to meet ln the
I Chronicle business office at 9:30 p.- m..
when the details of the reception were
arranged. " ',» ..-■..
The programme provides for a recep
tion and banquet at Mechanics' Pavilion
at 6 p. m.,. after which the soldiers will
be escorted to the various theaters for
their evening's entertainment. The duty
i of providing the banquet was assigned
to Colonel A. Huber of General Dickin
son's staff, and the table decorations will
1 be furnished by the ladies of- the Red
Cross under the supervision of Mrs. W.
P. Harrington. A band of music will
1 also be in attendance to enliven the pro-
I ceedlngs with patriotic airs. The volun
teers will leave the Presidio at 5 o'clock,
' an hour before the time set for the re
ception, in order that they may have
plenty of time to reach the Pavilion. They
i will come to the city on the street cars
, and at the Pavilion will be received by a
' general reception committee of fifty citi
zens. Governor Geer will be there to
; welcome them in a brief aduress and
others will probably also be called upon
to speak.
A telegram was pent to Governor Gage
by the committee, inviting him to send a
representative to the reception in the
event of his being unable to be present,
and explaining that the tardiness of the
invitation was due to the fact that the
I committee was unable to sooner obtain
definite information as to when the
troops would land. Invitations to be
present were also sent to Major General
Shafter and staff, all the State and United
States 'officials, both civil and military.
at present in the city, and to the city and
county officials.
The reception committee, which will
also act as a finance committee, consists
! of the following representative citizens:
Louis Sloss. P. N. Lilienthal. John
F. Merrill. William Gerstle. George A.
Knight, William Thomas, Warren Greg
. ory, H. C. MePike. F. W. Dohrmann. A.
S. Baldwin. Colonel J. C. Kirkpatrick.
Llppman Sachs, J. D. Spreckels, George
D. Toy. Charles F. Hanlon, Colonel Her
man Epplnger. XV. XV. Foote, Henry Fort
mann, E. A. Denlcke, 1.. R. Rilert. E. B.
Pond, William Alvord. M. H. Hecht, H.
Levi, XV. XV. Montague, James Hamilton,
G. P. Aver. Walter Morosco, N. Meyer
feld Jr., S. H. Frledlander. J. H. Leahey,
Franklin K. Lane. Colonel P. J. Harney,
i Rudolph Herold. Paris Kllburn. Colonel
XV. R. Smedberg. W. J. Dutton, S. H.
i Daniels, Judge J. F. Sullivan. J. J. Dwyer.
! C. L. Patton. Major W. B. Hooper, Judge
W. P. Lawlor, Arthur Rodgers. James
• B. Stetson,- George A. Newhall, George
Crocker, C. Mason Kinne. Colonel J. P.
Jackson. W. W. Morrow, H. E. Hunting
j ton Robert F. Morrow. R. V. Watt, A. J.
! Rich. Wendell Easton. Henry Wadsworth,
S. G. Murphy, Charles Altschul. Robert
Tohln. ,J. B.: Crockett, Henry T. Scott,
Henry T. Lunstedt.
The soldiers will be distributed among
the theaters as follows: Tlvoli 400. Or
pheum 400, Grand Opera-house 200. Alcazar
100, California 100. The managers of these
theaters placed themselves at the com
mand of the committee, offering to enter
tain even more soldiers free of charge
than were allotted to them and signifying
their Intention to have their houses dec
orated,in honor. of the occasion. Manag
ed in honor of the occasion. Manag
ers Leonhardt and Buckley of the Cake
walk Carnival also donated the - use of
the : Pavilion for the reception, and ban
quet. The First .Volunteer Signal Corps
of twenty-four men, composed largely -of
Callfornlans, which arrived on the trans
port Newport with the Oregon boys, will
participate in the festivities.
■ The reception committee of fifty is re
quested to meet in Mayor Phelan's office
in the City Hall at noon .to-day.
MANY VISITORS TO
p THE ARMY TRANSPORTS
Oregonian Volunteers Were Pleased
: That the Order Had Come to Mus
■"•■ ' ter Them Out in This City.
1 The; Oregonians -on the transports wer3
a: happy lot yesterday, notwithstanding
they chafed at their narrow quarters. The
sun was not many hours high when they
received the news that the Secretary of
War | had decreed that r they . were to '. be
THE 1 SAN FRANCISCO CAM., FKIDAY^ JULY 14, 1899.
mustered out at this point. They re
sponded with cheers and settled them
selves down to pass the hours until they
again reached firm land. They found
plenty to interest' them, particularly the
crowds of pretty girls that flocked to the
ships In launches. Along the wharves the
boys could see the crowds of people anx
ious for their coming. All the morning
and afternoon launches came and went
and along into the night and the crowds
lingered on the wharves. When the City
of Para pulled out in the evening the re
turned veterans cheered the outgoing reg
ulars and wished them luck.
The boys had notice that their boats
would be docked at 3:30 this morning, and
many of them turned in early to be up
and on the wharf at the first opportunity.
Governor Geen sent a telegram yester
day to General C. F. . Beebe, commanding
the Oregon National Guard, officially in
forming him of. the fact that the Oregon
troops would be mustered out in this city
and that the preparations now being made
for their reception in Portland would
have to be deferred. General Beebe re
plied that the decision of the' troops was
a great disappointment to their relatives,
friends and the people in general, but the
latter would not stand in the way or the
boys receiving the extra travel money by
being mustered out here, and that their
reception would be all the greater when
they did reach Oregon. v."
Adjutant General B. B. Tuttle stated
that the men. will" receive their two
months' pay on Saturday, the muster roil
now being in the hands of the paymaster.
They will remain at the Presidio for three
or four weeks until they are all paid off
and mustered out. Colonel Summers will
endeavor to take them up to Portland in
a body on a special train and they will
be paid off en route for the time con
sumed in traveling at. the rate of one
day's pay for every twenty miles. This
will mean $275 for the colonel in command,
$200 for the majors, scaling from that
down to $32 for the privates. The regi
ment will receive about $30,000 in all. and
this serves to lessen the disappointment
of the people of Oregon at not receiving
the first chance to welcome their boys.
There was a rumor to the effect tnat
the warmth of their home reception would
be reduced on account of their desire to
be mustered out here, but this is strenu
ously and indignantly denied by every
member of Governor Geer's staff. Gov
ernor Geer and his party will- leave to
morrow evening for home. They all ex
press themselves as highly pleased with
the treatment t_»ey have received during
their stay in this city. The royal recep
tion accorded to the Oregon boys has
filled them with a deep sense of grateful
ness and they expect to return the favor
In some way when the California volun
teers come back from the Philippines.
PORTLAND DISAPPOINTED.
Senator Simon Thinks the Volun
teers Have Made a Mistake.
PORTLAND, July 13.— The committee
having in charge the reception which it
was proposed to give the Second Oregon
Regiment on its return here held a meet
: ing to-night and decided that, pending
: definite information regarding the place
of mustering out. no further steps. should
jbe taken. The committee : expressed re
gret that the Oregon volunteers should
have made a request to be mustered out
at San Francisco Instead of at Vancouver
' Barracks. . .- ..
United States Senator Joseph Simon, in
speaking of the desire of the regiment
to be mustered out in San Francisco, to
day; said: ■ • .%•"_•
"I- believe the volunteers are making a
great mistake, and I am at a loss to un
derstand their action. Not only Portland,
but the entire State will probably resent
'trfblr action. All will be disappointed.
I Personally. I am very - much disap
pointed.* In my opinion, the boys will not
': gain much in being mustered out in San
t Francisco, as 1 believe they would have
received their travel allowance just the
same had they come direct to Portland.
I had intended to take up the- matter with
the department immediately upon the-ar
| rival of the troops and believe that fa
j vorable action would have resulted."
SHAFTER MAY SCON RETIRE.
Will Reach, the Age Limit in Three |
■f-yv* Months Friends Seek His
". ' Retention. ,
Major General Shafter will have reached j
the age limit in about three months and !
his friends are working quietly, but none (
the less energetically, to secure his reten- !
tion in the service a few years longer. It j
is rarely that an army officer is allowed I
to remain in the service after having !
reached the age of retirement, and it Is i
doubtful if "the authorities at Washing
ton will make an • exception in General
Shatter's case. The friends of the latter
argue that since the Department of the
Pacific has become so important, by rea
son of the acquisition of the Philippines,
It Is inadvisable to make a change in Its
commander just at this time, It is ru
mored that Brigadier General Merriam. at
present in command of the Department of
the Colorado. -Is likely to succeed General j
Shaft?r in the event of his retirement: "■■■
Romantic Story of a California
Girl Who Was Married : Thirteen
Times in Three Years 'in Next Sun
day's Call. -.. ;• « -:-;■:: >
HEADY TO BAT
THE BOSSES AT
THE PRIMARY
Independent Republi
cans Give Views.
— ♦ —
SOMECAMPAIGN SUGGESTIONS
■ — — •
MEASURES TO PREVENT THE
PUSH FROM SEIZING CLUBS.
. ; — .
How Delegates' Tickets May Be Pre
pared Without Consulting Crim
mins and Kelly or
Burns.
The executive committee of the Central'
Republican League and the presidents and
secretaries, respectively, of several inde
pendent Republican, clubs held an ani
mated conference last evening* at league
headquarters in the Grand Hotel. The
meeting was called to elicit suggestions
as to the proper plan to be pursued in
making up a delegate ticket In each As
sembly district. The field of suggestion
was wide, embracing hints as to the ad
visability of forming clubs in districts
where independent organization did not
exist. Sentiments in favor of downing
Burns, Crimmins, Kelly and all other
bosses were expressed in forcible and
original terms.
The rooms were crowded at 8 o'clock,
when Zenas U. Dodge called the meeting
to order. The following clubs were repre
sented at the conference:
Mission Federated Clubs, W. B. Cur
tis, F." G. Lang; Forty-third District
Club, F. W. Robrecht, J. D. Hart; Ocean
View Republican Club, H. E. Griffiths, L.
T. Brown; Dewey Republican Club, P. J.
| Joyce; Thirty-fifth District Club. F. W.
Warren, E. H. Herrick; Young Men's Re
publican Club, Fortieth District, Albert
: Hess, Hugh Mcßerney; Continental
| League, Frank D. Worth. Hamilton J.
' Riggins; Stanford Republican Club. H. D.
! Byrne, T. J. Sullivan; North End Repub-
I lican Club, L. M. Calvin, J. Meneses; Re-
I publican Union Club, Dr. T. M. Leib and
1 George W. Lewis; Thirty-sixth District
i Central Republican Club, Frank French.
! J. L. Nagle; Thirtieth District Republican
! Club, D. .XV. McNeil, W. H. Harrington;
Swedish Republican Club; Scandinavian
Republican Club, vouched for by Oliver
Olsen. .-"_•'-•■-
In announcing the objects of the con
ference Mr. Dodge said it was the deter
mination of the executive committee to
organize a club in each of the eighteen
Assembly districts. He remarked: "The
! executive committee arrogates nothing
I to itself. It has no slate and no boss. It
i simply asks that clean, reputable citizens
! be placed on the tickets for delegates,
and it wants your advice and assistance
in this cause." '--■= . -
A suggestion was made by Albert Hess
tha each Assembly district club present
a list of delegates.
A. R. Smith suggested that clubs should
be first formed and in their formation the
precinct registers should be called and
Republicans of known character be se
lected to conduct the organization. He
was opposed to opening the door for
everybody to join, fearing that the Burns.
Crimmins and Kelly push would capture
the clubs. "The moment you announce
a time and place of club organization the
i push of both parties will jump in to con
• trol the meeting. Call in at- first a few
! good citizens and then enroll all other
: good citizens belonging to the Republi
\ can party." £._•.. v.'v , , -• J- '•". "•
A. O. Perkins commended the objects
1 of the Central Republican League and
1 agreed to the proposition that meetings
! for club organizations could not be opened
! indiscriminately. He said: "Form your
; clubs of the best elements as soon as pos
-1 sible and put up clean men for delegates."
Frank D. Worth, representing the Con
i tinental League of Clubs, expressed sym
i pathy for the movement in favor of good
I government.' -. ; .-Ci' '-■--
George W. Lewis demanded that pood
men should be nominated for delegates.
He predicted that Republicans would vote
for a good ticket. -». .'
Frank Finch predicted that the Demo
cratic rounders would not annoy the Re
publicans at the primaries, as the follow
; ers of the Democratic push had all the
trouble they wanted In their own party.
Mr. Jacobs of the Thirty-eighth Dis-
I trict remarked that a good many voters
THE LATE CAPTAIN CHARLES GOODALL.
Photograph by Hodson.
of the Republican push would not take
the Crimmins and Kelly end of the fight |
this year. .
H. D. Bvrne. said no one could join the |
Stanford Club unless proposed by a mem- '
ber He remarked further: "Our mem
bership Is 135. We are sick and tired of
being handed out gold bricks by Crim
mins and Kelly. W« are weary of having
Pat Pendergast coming around and se
lecting our delegates. We propose to fight !
Kelly and Crimmins."
■ ' W." B. Curtis of the Mission Federated ■
Clubs indicated a desire to meet with the !
executive committee to prepare a : dele
gate ticket. . . . ___.-..
Brief speeches were made by P. J.
Joyce, E. M: Galvln. R. S. Barklay. XV. H.
Harrington, Martin Jones and others.
Martin Jones, •; speaking: for the execu
tive committee, suggested that, owing to
the limited time for preparation, new
clubs ■ would not be organized in districts '
where independent clubs are established.
ZenasU. Dodge promised that a hall
large enough to accommodate the club
I representatives would be engaged for tha
! next meeting. . .■■
Indorse the ; Fight.
The Swedish Independent* Club and the
Scandinavian I Republican Club held • rous
ing meetings . last evening and indorsed
the aptl-gelly and Crlmmina fight that is
CAPTAIN CHAS.
GOODALL DIES
IN ENGLAND
Unexpected End of a
Pioneer.
- — * ■ . .
WAS ON A TOUR OF THE WORLD
i — • —
PASSED AWAY UPON REACHING
HIS BIRTHPLACE.
♦
I Was the Senior Member of the Firm
.v.of Goodall, Perkins & Co. and
a Trustee of Stanford
University.
♦
Captain Charles Goodall, senior member
of the firm of Goodall, Perkins & Co., died
jin Draycott, Somersetshire, England,
: some time Wednesday. A cable from the
widow to his brother, Edwin Goodall, an
nounced the sad and totally unexpected
event. The news soon became generally
j known and all the ships along the front
i and the business houses set their flags at
1 half-mast and messages of condolence be
gan to pour In upon the family.
On June 10 Captain and Mrs. Goodall
started from San Francisco for a tour of
Europe. The old gentleman was in his
! usual good health, but had been suffering
j from rheumatism. It was the intention
1 of the. couple to visit Draycott, where
Captain Goodall was born, and then go to
I Mrs. Goodall's birthplace in Wales, after
which a tour of the Continent was con
templated. On June 21 they left New
York on the steamer City of New York,
arriving in England nearly three week
ago. Wednesday Captain Charles Miner
Goodall was looking for a letter from his i
father, but instead came the news of his :
death. i
Captain Charles Goodall came to San j
j Francisco early in 1850. After re
! maining here a short time he
I started on a trading cruise to
China, but before going he put all bis
■ spare cash In one of the banks. In the
'■ fall of 1852 he returned to San Francisco,
; only to find that the bank had failed and
all his hard-earned money was gone. In !
January, 1853. he took command of the ;
Sausalito Water Company's water boat
| Rincon, ar.d for years he carried water
from Sausalito to San Francisco. As he
saved money he bought stock in the water
company, and in the course of years ho
and Christian Nelson owned the works
* and the firm of Goodall & Nelson came
' into existence.
Soon after this the firm purchased a
steamer or two and a few schooners,
which they ran up and down the coast.
The business kept on expanding and
George C. Perkins was taken in and the
firm name became Goodall. Nelson & Per
kins. When the Pacific Mail decided to go
'. out of the coasting trade Captain Good
all and his partners purchased its fleet of
steamers and the firm name was changed i
again to the Goodall, Nelson & Perkins I
Steamship Company. This was too long !
a name to suit the business world, so in j
i September. 1876, the Pacific Coast Steam- j
ship Company was formed, with the old j
firm as "agents." A few years later
, Christian Nelson retired from the Arm
I and it became Goodall, Perkins & Co., the
firm of to-day.
Captain Goodall was born in Draycott.
j England. 75 years ago. He left home
i when very young and after a voyage
| around the world and a whaling cruise or
I two In the Arctic he came to California. j
! He was Harbor Master of the port for
I three terms and served one term In the
Legislature. These were his only experi
ences in politics. From 1878 to 1881 and
again from 1887 to 1890 he was a trustee
of the Chamber of Commerce, and at the
time of his death he was one of the trus
tees of the Stanford University and also
lof the University of the Pacific. He was
; a great friend of the Sailors' Home, and
the Ladles' Seamen's Aid Society always
! found in him a champion.
Captain Goodall was twice married. His
, first wife died nearly nine years ago and
in 183. he. married the lady who was at his
bedside when he died. He leaves three
sons nnd two daughters— Captain Charles
Miner Goodall. superintendent of the Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company; Captain
Harry W. Goodall, master of the steamer
! State of California, and S. E. Goodali,
! Mrs. Flora Bland of Pasadena and Mrs.
j Hugo Keil of Belvedere. Captain Goodall
was a man whom everybody honored, and
his death is a decided loss to the com
l munity.
being made by the clean element of the
Republican County Central Committee. .
The. "Republicans of the Thirty-eighth
Assembly District will hold a big rally
and Jollification meeting this* evening at
their hall at 1023 Golden Gate avenue.
Speeches . will be made by Congressman
Kahn. Senator E. I. Wolfe, P. A. Berge
rot and Ira B. Dalziel.
Given 7 way with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday 's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21. inches,
ready for framing
Fired Birdshot at a Cow.
Mrs. Ann Shuillier, who has a ranch in
the Ingleslde district, swore to . a com
plaint, In Judge Mogan's court yesterday
for the arrest of John Reese, a neighbor
ing rancher, on . the charge of maiming
and wounding. a cow. Mrs. Shuillier said
that her three cows sometimes strayed
onto Reese's pastures, which angered him,
and was a constant source of friction be
tween them. Wednesday the -cows hap
pened to be on Reese's land and he came
out with a shotgun and fired at them.
i ■- -
THE EMPORIUM. ." • | ' THE EMPORIUM.
VQ+¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥'%X
*■ Vargas, the T__T_____[_C"ffMiPftM^Mß IB. fl Our "ads" f
* famous _\\\-\\\W B- "■ -r^UF--^ g ■■______■ a iar ever J
* birytone, at j^P* an( i morn * g except 2
J sa.«rJ^ Ool<tonH.Mle Bajaar.^ v^ Monday until J
-o«c.rf. CAUFCmiASLVX&T-AMERia'S GRANDEST STOKE. /urih ' r noUce ' *
* _*^" > _/ *
J •/• >^_ ALL-DAY **y9-*S *
» // *sfi>£C/AL SALE'S — /_/ *
J The successful "One-Day Special Sales" j
{ zr//7 continue until further notice. Read our "ad" every *
J morning. Some new bargains are offered daily at won- J
* der fully reduced prices, good for that day «
£ 0»/j>. 7/.-?&? /or Bargain Friday: *
#> *
* For Friday Only. For Friday Only. «
£ Men's White Children's 25c Hose I
J Shirts, 51c* 3 Pairs for 50c* J
* To-day on'y we Children's extra heavy, 2-thread, guar- "#
#> _<__r-^ offer the greatest anteed stainless Back Cotton Hose, J
* _ - «--^ ::^^r~-^ shirt bargain of theldoube knees, made of pure Maco yarn, J
j_! f — _v__V 7 7Tl H y ear — 58dz?n men's are very elastic and considered the best
5* — kff ■*f J " fine white laundered hose made for rough wear— the estab- -g
* \__-L^ shirts, the celebrated price everywhere in America is 25c «
J- T*"^ Leominster make, the pair— for to-day only, sizes 6to 11, *
* -.-• with extra heavy' 16 C Pair, 2
_► , linen bosoms, heavy j or
J muslin bodies, pro- 3 Pairs for 50o* *
J ' tected neck bands, | j- t •*■
* barred button holes, . * * *
J , I inserted sleeves, gus-j Bargain Friday Sale. *
A \ / Betted, etc. — a per- _ . mm '■___•__» *
J- V / fectly made and Denim Ott and J
__ l\ ■ /*' t ushly ./f ll^ 1 Cretonnes, Be* «
* ii fiS. _/ 2 shirt— one that, fits ' _,-__«. -«
* . %___________L________i/ comfortably and; To-day only we offer 500 yards of these »
* gracefully— in either excellent materials for draperies, por-
J short or long bourns (except in short^ie^s couch^covers, etc 36 inches wide, *
J bosom, we have no 15s), from 14 to 16 splendid pattern., regularly 12^c yard- «
* s.zes and worth 85c, for Sic to close out - "' SO «
* J
J I For Friday Only. «
{ For Friday Only. Boys All-Wool %
i Sale Parasol Top Knee Pants, 33c* *
* Baby Carriages* p*. .^ "^ we J
J 30 stylef Parasol-Top Baby Carriages.! M will offer 420 pairs J
» ranging in price from $8.00 up to $35.00 V*4 Boys Knee Pants, «
* each— on special sale for this day oily at /^_/(W(_K. not shoddy or cotton J
*25 ncr cent less than our /fi7%^A goods, but regular 2>
J regular prices. G&£sUt^\ 50c w ° ol od3 in *
* -■■ /f//n!tWl/lir*>J*) neat me( li um colors 2
* - ir ir %/ / Wuvm} A and all- the - year- <•
* For Friday Only. \jfHl, c lound weights, weii J
t Bargain in lilllWilixT made ' with taped 2
* Stationery* HI 1 I seams sizes from 3 «
* . . 1 11l I I to 14 years — it's the *
* Commercial-size Tablets, containing P«/ l_U , _ " ■ ._„.^. i
* 145 pages of good satin-wove paper-on | I best P ,nt 3 bar^ am J
* special sale day. each 9c 1/ \ I wehave ever offered; J
J IJ V- don't miss it — to-day <(P
_r ______^^—^^^— jl I iii (Friday) only, per J
* _*^«? _____ (Friday) only, per J
£ For Friday Only. " P air 3Jo J
* Ladies' Lace For Friday Only. J
J Oxiords, 65c pair* special Offerings *
i viei di Kid B1 a a n_ yMM Groceries— Liuuors *
T Vici Kid and _MlJM^^\ •
J Chocolate Color _%£F^> \s\ GhirardollPs Cocoa, « .-'b «
#, Nubia Kid L^ce <__CT iIW tin j —to-day only, each /©C *
-> Oxfords, new coin _/^^_?(__W Sal Sotta— for one day only, 25 lbs *
* toes, kid tips, _^f J for 200 *
* turned sewed <C~JL-~~^ Old Private Stock Whisky, J
J soles. If the Oxfords fit you can have 10 > ears o'd, our v.ry best, gulariy J
J them at such a low figure that it is like $1.50 bott'e— for $7mOO +
J giving them away— we have -«/^ sizes 3. Table Claret, excel'ent value at
3^, and 4ii the "lot— sold regularly $1.50 50c gallon— sale to-day only, gallon... +
A. pair special Friday only 65c 35c *
fc w __-______._^-*----_--^,-------*------.
CLARA FOLTZ RAPS
THE POLICE JUDGES
DENOUNCES THEM AS YOUNG
STERS UNFIT TO HOLD OFFICE.
Animals' Lady Friends Threaten to
Enter Politics in the Interest
of the Brute Creation.
Mrs. Clara Foltz. the well-known lady
lawyer, had an excellent opportunity yes
terday to unburden her mind as to Po
lice Court methods and Police Court
Judges, which she took advantage of. It
was at a meeting of the lady directors
of the Bands of Mercy, a body co-operat
ing with the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals. Two of the ladies
had caused the arrest or a fellow named
Connolly for beating a horse, and while
the evidence of these witnesses showed
that the man had exercised unnecessary
severity in. driving the horse, the Police
Judge before whom the case was heard
1 decided that no creulty had been shown.
; Mrs. Foltz had appeared for the prose-
cutlon. . "<.-"< . '-' , .
The lady made no bones in saying that
the Judges of the Police Courts are unfit
for the positions they hold, because all
of them secure their offices through poli
tics and not on account of any legal
ability they possess. She said: "It is
time for the people to get these young
sters off the bench and elect dignified
gentlemen of ability to fill these impor
tant places." Mrs. Foitz denounced the
very atmosphere of the Police Courts and
said that the places should be kept as
clean as the Superior Courts, and that in
their present condition the Police Courts
of San Francisco are a shame and dis
grace to this city.
The ladies of the board have decided
to give a grand entertainment for the
benefit of the Bands of Mercy, which now
have a membership of nearly 5000 children
In this cltv. It is desirable to provide
these children with membership badges,
and -this, will cost about $400.
In order to get the advice- and help of
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL." .
. BELTINO.
Lit rrf.CV Manufacturer or Belting find
F. LfcUcN. Lace Leather. 105.107 Mis-
slon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main S6X
~~~~ BO LER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
j_i~.:i.'.W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repair* and Ship
BP-cia- - Work. .
Offiw and Works-113-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main -045. '
- BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS GO-PUT,
342 to 350 Oearr Street. Abo-re Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationer-?.
COAL. COKE AND PI IRON.
j. C. WILSON & CO..
bOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 18-4.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Surt H. BJ-YTH. Mar
C. W. Smith, Ship Pl_mbin_. Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
; Washington St. Telephone. ; Main 5641.
FRESH- AND SALT MEATS.
jas. wyes & CO.,^^tl^im.
the parent body, a committee composed
of Mrs. Foltz, Mrs. Waters and Mrs.
Whiting was appointed to attend the
meeting of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals next Monday.
Mrs. William Deane advised that the so
ciety look carefully over the candinates
at the next election and find who is
friendly to the cause of suffering animals
and then work for their election. Her
advice was approved, and In the coming
campaign the ladies of the society will
cut some figure in "doing politics."
Maurice Grau Wants Grand Opera
in English, and Tells Why, in next
Sunday's Call.
. ■. ■ ♦ ■
UNITY ENCAMPMENT.
There was a very large attendance last
Tuesday in the Odd Fellows' building to
witness the public installation of the new
officers of Unity Encampment, I. O. O. F.
In addition to the number of members of
the order and friends of the members of
the encampment, there was present Can
ton No. 5, Patriarchs Militant, in striking
uniform, under command of Ensign Korn
beck. District Deputy Grand Patriarch
R. C. Black was the installing officer and
he Was assisted by a full staff, the cere
mony being in a most impressive form.
Those who took the obligation to serve
for the current term were: John Mullin,
past chief patriarch; Charles F. Bralev,
chief patriarch; George T. Shaw, high
priest; William H. Blunden. scribe; Iff.
Forbes, treasurer: L. T. Fenn. warden;
J. J. Loggle. guide: C. L. Zeigler, first
watch; H. K. Schroeder. second watch:
J. Mulll. third watch: Henry Hamilton
Dobbins, fourth watch: E. A. Davis, first,
and George W. Rowe. second guard of the
tent; Thomas Sebastian, Inside, and XV.
L. Owen, outside sentinel. After the cere
monies there were short addresses by
Grand Patriarch J. W. Harris, Morris M.
Estee.and R. C. Black. D. D. C. P.. after
which there was dancing until a late hour.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Bait
water direct from the ooean.
HARDWARE-
PALACE Hardware Co.. Importers and Deal-
ers in hardware. 603 Market: tel. Main 761
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry Morton 5He die v. *>-*n _
234 Fremont St. Castings of E-ery D».
scrlptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1333.'
PAPER DEALERS. *>
WILLAMI lit 722 Montgomery Stre.%
' PRINTIN3.
____• C- fIU VI 111-©. 511 Sansome '-treet.
THE HICKS- CO.. b Zs™. T l\ _£?;«.
STATIONFR ANO PRINTER.
'c CARTRIDGE %__£&
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.
Forwarding Agents and public Weighers. Gea-
eral Storage. Fre. and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 210 California st. Tel.- Main 1»1_
' •■ ' VVHITc ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its
OHEEN BIVER COLUERIEa.
is the Dcs. Coal In the Market.
Office and Yard*-**. Mala aire-*.
56
FRIDAY JULY 14, r3gg
. :
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IS7_. .
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year ?0.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months 1.5©
DAILY CALL— By Single Month s OS
SIN-DAY CALL One Year...; 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
' Chicago.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "'Lord, and Lady Airy"
California— "The Last Word."
Vaudeville.
Tlvoli— "Blue Beard."
Alcazar— "Camille."
Grand Opera House "Carmen."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
... tie of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
French National Celebration— At the Chutes.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Cake Walkers, Saturday. July IS.
AUCTION SALES.
By B. B. Bryan— Friday, July 21. at 11 o'clock, thorough-
bred horses, at 226 Fourteenth street. ■
AN OVATION FOR THE OREGONIANS.
OREGON'S volunteers, returned from the Phil
ippines, will this morning disembark and
march through the streets of the city to the
Presidio, where they will go into camp until mus
tered out of the service. It is expected the march
will begin about 8:30 a. m., and a detailed account of
the route to be taken will be found in another column.
This morning, then, is the time for San Francisco to
welcome back the heroes who for more than a year
have fought for the" republic in those far-off islands
and have added a new luster to the glory of our mili
tary annals. ,
There is no time to make preparations for any
formal reception or to arrange for any perfunctory
display. The State, the civic and the military authori
ties will of course do their share to give official mani
festation of the honor due to the soldiers of the re
public, but the greater part of the welcome must be
left to the spontaneous enthusiasm of the people. It
must be a popular ovation.
Let every store and shop and office, hotel or home,
?long the line of march, fly its flags this morning.
Let the bells ring, the whistles blow, and the people
cheer. It is a festal day, though it be not a public
holiday. Every feeling of admiration for the brave,
respect for duty nobly done, honor for the loyal sons
of the republic who volunteered to uphold her stan
dard in war, appeals and incites to a full and exuberant
outburst of popular emotion. Let all join in the wel
come.
San Franciscans, Californians, of every party, class,
creed and race, we are all Americans in doing honor
to the men who have fought for our common land.
Spread all your banners to the breeze and give your
hearts full voice in long, loud, triumphant acclama
tions of greeting to welcome the nation's heroes
home.
THE EDUCATIONAL CONVENTION.
WHEN the members of the National Associa
tion of Agricultural Colleges and Experiment
Stations were in convention in this city the
tone of the papers read and of the discussions that
followed disclosed how far agriculture has been
changed from the simple pursuit of tilling the soil
than it was hardly more than fifty years ago. Within
the lifetime of a single generation a revolution has
been effected in the cultivation of farms and orchards.
The agriculture of the past was the oldest industry
in the world except that of cattle-raising. The agri
culture of to-day is so new an industry that it has not
progressed beyond the experimental stage.
Something of the same extraordinary development
has been shown in the profession of school
teaching by the discussions during the educa
tional convention at Los Angeles. School-teaching
is no longer a sirn.ple task of drilling children in read
ing, writing and arithmetic, with a little geography
thrown in. It has become one of the most complex
of professions. Like the new agriculture, the new
teaching is still very largely experimental. It is
broadening in every direction, and will doubtless
eventually include the upbuilding of the whole nature
of the youth of the land, mental, moral and physical.
I'- is at this time difficult to fix the bounds of the
activities of the school-teacher. Wherever the limit
may be placed it will be found that hundreds of enter
piising teachers have passed beyond it. The grammar
schools press upon the high schools and academies,
_ while these in turn crowd upon the colleges and the
universities. Instruction in a hundred things not
dreamed of by the teachers of fifty years ago is now
found even in the country schools, and still the move
ment goes on.
The advance of the profession has been handi
. capped to a considerable extent by the interference
.of politics through school boards. Despite the
jealous watchfulness of the people to prevent the
schools from falling to the politicians as a part of the
spoils of office, many members of school boards
have been better fitted to run a primary election than
a primary school. With all that handicap, however,
the progress and improvement in methods of teach
ing, at well as the increase in the number of objects
to which teaching is directed, have been among the
miracles of human accomplishment in this marvelous
century.
The Los Angeles convention represents the flower
of the best teaching v body in the world. Cer
tain advantages may be possessed by the more thor
oughly drilled teachers of Germany and other Euro
pean lands over our own, but, taken as a whole and
judged by the standard of all that teaching ought to
be, there is no foreign land where the profession of
pedagogy has been raised to so high a level or illu-
mined by such able and faithful leaders as in the
United States. Wheresoever our teachers assemble
they are greeted with honor, and all California joins
with Los Angeles in welcoming the thousands now
with us.
THE BACTERIOLOGICAL CONTRO
VERSY.
THE plain solution of this controversy offered by
The Call has not been accepted by the doctors.
Nevertheless it is probably as nearly correct as
possible under the circumstances. The bacilli, of
monopoly are actually swarming in the Board of
Health, and the bacteriologist of the board must have
encountered them in his "cultures." That they might
easily be mistaken for bubonic missionaries is too cvi-
dent for argument.
But the medical correspondence on the subject is
more intricate than the bubonic plague itself. The
Federal quarantine officer seemed to doubt the quali
fications of the expert fraternally employed by the
Board of Health, and his facilities for the study of the
bacteria that he found to be consumers as well as pro
ducers. Now the Board of Health claims to have
played an ingenious trick upon the Federal quarantine
officer by sending him a slide containing the genuine
bubonic bacteria, which he failed to identify. The
beginning and the middle of the controversy are ap
parently questions of identification. Whether it will
ever have an end or not is problematical.
The bubonic plague seems to have had an oriental
origin, and those most familiar with its history and
with its manifestations doubt whether it could rely
upon- an occidental reception. At all events the conspir
acy of the two Japanese sailors who deliberately com
mitted suicide near the Golden Gate in order to fur-
nish the bacteriologist of the Board of Health. with
scientific "cultures" of bubonic bacilli taken from
their swollen' glands completely failed. The principal
cause for their failure undoubtedly was that neither
of them had the plague.
The Call is inclined to stand by its original theory
and to treat the entire bacteriological investigation as
a study of the Huntington phenomena, working
through Dan -Burns and Governor Gage, out of
which the Board of Health officially originated. If
the "cultures" were followed by thorough fumigation
the heavenly twins* and their close associates may be
for once in a condition to enjoy an interval of com
paratively innocent rest. As the blanket ticket, pro
posed by Kelly and Crimmins, on behalf of their
political sponsors, is over six feet in length, and wide
in proportion, it might be utilized in the only way to
which it is adapted. To see William F. Herrin, Dan
iel M. Burns, Governor Gage and the members of the
Board of Health all lying side by side in refreshing
slumber under its ample folds would be an appro
priate conclusion to the great bacteriological con
troversy. ' .
THE TAX SHIRKER AGAIN.
DURING the discussion on the assessment of
banks held by the Supervisors sitting as a
Board of Equalization on Tuesday a new il
lustration was given of the impudence with which the
Wells-Fargo Company, through its president, John
J. Valentine, carries on the practice of tax shirking.
It shows that the corporation evades State taxes on
its banking business almost as completely as it
evades Federal taxes upon its express business, and
President Valentine has so much contempt for the
public he hardly cares to conceal the fact.
In a statement concerning the difficulty of making
accurate assessments upon some of the banks of the
city, and the obstacles in the way of compelling them
to pay their due share of the public burdens, Assessor
Dodge said: "Wells-Fargo's president only laughed
at us, and he told me that he could come in here next
year and not pay a cent in taxes unless he wanted to,
and I guess he is pretty near right. They simply
unload their taxable holdings among their branches
and we cannot touch them. All that we can assess
them on here is real estate to the tune of $2,172,947
and cash, which they have notified us amounts to
$406,099."
The corporation that thus boasts of ability to shirk
all taxes is one of the richest in America and does an
enormous business in this city. It has its headquar
ters here, and derives most of its profits from the in
dustry that is carried. on here, although it maintains
branches in New York and Portland. It admits prop
erty valued at more than $10,000,000, which it claims
is exempt from taxation. Its president laughs in the
face of the Assessor and mockingly says he will pay
what he pleases, or none at all if he feel like it.
The impunity of the corporation is due to the fact
that it is chartered in Colorado and not in California.
It has thus the advantage enjoyed by the Southern
Pacific of Kentucky. It can carry monopoly with a
high hand in California, because of the charter ob
tained from another State.
The evils resulting from the freedom given under
our. laws for corporations to obtain a charter in one
State for the purpose of doing business in another
have now become so great that an agitation has be
gun in the East for the purpose of devising some
means of remedying the wrong. The offenses of in
solent corporations are far greater in the East than
here, and therefore the first movement to check them
has had its origin there. ■
It will be years, of course, before any sufficient
remedy can be provided for the tax-shirking that i 3
cone in that way. In the meantime each State and
municipality must do the best it can to compel tie
rich tax-shirkers to pay at least a part of what is due
from them in support of the Government which pro
tects their property and their persons. The Super
visors should see to it that since Wells-Fargo has
shirked all of the war tax upon its express company
it shall at least be made to pay its State and county
taxes to the full extent of what- is due.
MAKE WOY FOR THE AUTOMOBILE.
BY the decision of Judge Gibbons of Chicago
that the ordinance passed by the Park Com
missioners of that city prohibiting the use of
automobiles in the parks and along the boulevards is
void, the first step has been taken toward opening a
clear way for the new vehicle, despite the antagonism
which has been manifest in some quarters.
According to Judge Gibbons the Park Commis
sioners of Chicago have, under the laws of Illinois,
no right to prohibit the automobile by name any
more than the bicycle or the dogcart, but it .has the
right, and it is its imperative duty, to prohibit any
vehicle, whether bicycle, horse, carriage or automo
bile, to proceed within the paxks or along the boule
vards at a rate of speed which endangers the safety
of the public.
By that decision the automobile is made as avail
able for general use in Chicago as any other vehicle.
The employment of it for pleasure or for business is
to.be regulated as is that of other vehicles, but is not
to be prohibited.
. .' In addition to declaring the law of the case Judge
Gibbons went on to point out that there is no reason
why there should be any discrimination against the
new invention. He is quoted. as saying it is ''a mat
ter of common observation and scientific knowledge
that there is less danger in propelling an automobile
than there is in driving a horse and buggy," and he
added: "The automobile has com*- to remain with
us and we welcome "it as a great improvement over
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, JUI-Y 14, 1899.
horse cars and ordinary street cars. The time is not
far distant when no horse car, trolley car or cable
will be permitted to occupy any of our business
streets. They have served their purpose. They
should be either above or below the surface of our
streets."
There is nothing of exaggeration in the statement
of Judge Gibbons. Hardly a week passes without
bringing reports of some new accomplishment by the
self-propelling carriage, ln France it has just been
demonstrated that by an automobile driven by elec
tricity it is possible to make a trip froil Paris to
Rouen without recharging the storage battery. The
journey occupied seven hours and fifteen minutes,
and the supply of electricity was not exhausted at the
end. It appears, therefore, that electric automobiles
can at the present time be worked at a high rate of
speed for eight hours, the normal hours of a labor
day, without losing time in changing or recharging
batteries.
Of the superiority of the automobile for general
street traffic there can be no doubt. Postmaster Dorr
of Buffalo has recently tested 1 the machine in collect
ing mail, and the results were surprisingly, good. In
the first test mail was collected from forty boxes on a
route eighteen miles long in one hour and thirty min
utes. To cover' the same route with a. horse
wagon required more than three hours. A trial was
made on another route the next morning, when mail
was collected from sixty-three boxes in one-hour and
fifty minutes. The time required for a horse wagon
to cover this route is three hours and five minutes.
Still another test was made on July 4 on another
route fifteen miles in length, with fifty-four boxes,
and collections were all made in ninety minutes.
A vehicle which saves so much of labor and of time
is bound to make its way. Judge Gibbons in the
Chicago case has- simply given a' legal authority to
that which is inevitable. " '.. ■
THE CALIFORNIA WINE TRADE.
HENRY J. CROCKER'S recent offer to enter
'into contracts with. the grape-growers of the
State to purchase all standard varieties of
grapes at $14 a ton has at least had the effect of
arousing the grape-growers and the winemakers to a
renewed consideration of the problems which affect
their industry. It has, therefore, served a good pur
pose, even if it do not result in an agreement between
Mr. Crocker and a sufficient number of the growers
to enable him to control the market and maintain the
price he has offered.
In the meantime it is worth noting that the depres
sion in the wine industry appears to be peculiar to
this State. In a recent letter to the New
York Times reviewing the American wine trade
! generally L. J. Vance, editor of the American
. Wine Press, says it would be hard to match
| the condition of the California wine trade in
j that of any other industry. "At one time," he says,
: "it looked as 'if the wine-growers of California had
■ laid the foundations of a most prosperous and profit
able industry. With an opportunity to supply and
' control (as they should supply and control) the mar
kets of this country, and successfully displace foreign
wines, the California producers failed to grasp their
chance. With every incentive to work together to a
common end, growers and dealers have pulled apart.
Thus, instead of making money, most of the people in
the California wine trade have, for the last few years,
either made no money or actually; lost money." .'(
A very different condition prevails in the wine in
dustry of other parts of the Union, according to Mr.
Vance, who says: "In the wine-growing- districts of
the East — in the South, in New York and in Ohio
there has been no such spirit and methods as entered
j into the California industry. The most prosperous
wine cellars in the country are in the Eastern States.
On this account, perhaps, Eastern wines and Eastern
champagnes are more widely and favorably known by
advertising than the California brands. While the
California establishments were losing, or not making
money, the Eastern cellars have-mostly made money.
.While the Californians were selling their wines at a
nominal rate, the Easterners have often been able to
get double that rate for their goods. Thus, while the
wine production of California has been and is about
five times that of the Eastern States, yet the latter
. brings by far the most money. In fact, the total sales
of the champagnes made in the East, amounting last
year to about 80,000 cases, must have brought as
much money as all the wine. sold in California last
year." ,'
Such statements, coming from such an authority as
that of the editor of the American Wine Press, ought
to have the effect of impressing upon the wine grape
growers and the winemakerß of California the folly
of further antagonism and strife. . If the wine industry
of the East is profitable, that of this State, with its
j splendid advantages for the cultivation of vineyards
i and the production of wine, ought to be highly lucra
tive.
The controversy is one in which outsiders cannot
well interfere. It must be settled by the parties at
interest themselves. There appears to be nothing in
the circumstances of the market to depress the indus
try. The outlook, according to Mr. Vance, is promis
ing. He says: "There is certainly a better feeling
in the American wine trade • to-day than for many
years. This is largely due .to ;' "the encouragement
which our winemakers are getting from our wine
drinkers. The old notion that a wine to be good
must be imported is being abandoned, because a num
ber of American wine-cellars are producing still and
sparkling wines admitted by competent judges to
equal in every essential the imported kinds."
. Everything in the situation is therefore encourag
ing, or at least appears so when seen from an Eastern
point of view. There may 'then be some foundation
for holding that if the California wine industry do not
enjoy prosperity it will be largely the fault of the men
who control it.
The Paris has been safely beached in Falmouth
harbor through the skill and energy of the German
wrecking company that undertook the task. Super
intendent Aisbet, in explaining the difficulties of the
work to the Associated Press, gave evidence of won
derment at the currents which he found swirling in
the vicinity of the stranding. If he had read Wednes
day's Call he would not have been so much surprised
at his experience; • the phenomena were explained in
a manner which is usual with The Call — that of ac
curacy.
*
In speaking a .welcome to the delegates of the Na
tional Educational Association Governor Gage di
lated glowingly upon the fertile fields • and fruitful
orchards of the State,- but he. was eloquently silent
in reference to the sheep ranches. -There are some
subjects that even his Excellency declines to discuss.
• San Franciscans desire so keenly to make the Ore
gon boys feel perfectly, at home that some of them
have been praying for a good old Portland rain.
Kansas City has offered $50,000 for the next Demo
cratic National Convention. At that rate, what would
it offer for the Jeffries-Shark ey fight? ■•.-■- .
And now Liberia wants the protection of the United
States. We do amount to something after all. - '
THE ONLY WOMAN TO RIDE
A QUADRUPLE CENTURY
She Was Taken Exhausted From Her Wheel, but Declares She Is Ready to
Repeat the Ride
THE first woman in the world to ride "a quadruple century" is Mrs. Irene
Brush of New York, who has thereby demonstrated her right to be called
a great woman bicyclist. She rode almost continuously forty-eight hours
to accomplish her great and record-breaking feat. When she had com
pleted her fourth century she was several pounds lighter than when she
began to ride. In fact there was such a change in her appearance that
her acquaintances were shocked. There were great dark rings about her eyes
and she tottered feebly from her wheel. Her pluck had never failed, and she
declared that she was able to make a still greater record. Her physician was
of a contrary opinion, but he nevertheless gave her friends the cheerful as
surance that she was not injured by the unparalleled strain that she had
passed through. When Mrs. Brush was weighed, soon after the ride, she was
astonished to observe that the scales gave her credit for ten pounds less than
she knew she had just before she started on the four-century run. Before
this late feat Mrs. Brush held the record for a triple century ridden by a
woman. • -.'-.
The pace was lively from the start. The task that had been self-imposed
was to cover 400 miles in less than two days. Her husband accompanied her,
and he was as much fatigued as was his wife when the run was over. The
wheel used by Mrs. Brush was a twenty-inch diamond frame, chainless wheel,
82 gear. The handlebars were dropped two inches below the frame. '
At the checking stations there were teams to pace. The run was made on
the same day that Murphy was paced by a locomotive, and Mrs. Brush stop
ped long enough to see Murphy's exploit. Altogether Mrs. Brush slept, four
hours, dozing briefly at intervals. She took bicarbonate of soda and pepsin to
keep her stomach in proper condition. Before she had covered the first hundred
miles she felt tired. She was too plucky to stop, and after awhile her weari
ness went away and she rode in fine spirits. A stop was made for food, which
was sparingly eaten, during the second hundred miles. The second and third
hundred miles were run with hardly any inconvenience and the beginning of the
last hundred miles found Mrs. Brush in good condition and there was little
doubt that she "would succeed. Numbness was unknown alter the first hun
dred miles until toward the end of the last hundred. Then she became drowsy,
but was kept awake. ._•*■■■ ...
The Long Island roads, on which Mrs. Brush rode, were in fine condition,
the rain of the previous day having laid the dust. The start was made from
IIS Willoughby street, Brooklyn. The course was by Bath Beach, Coney Island,
and on to Babylon, passing through a score of villages, the turn for the home
ward ride being made at Babylon. There were no serious accidents to mention
on the way. A few punctures were noted. The tire In a rear wheel wore
through and a ball 'in the shaft bearing was broken, so that Mrs. Brush had.
to mount a new wheel at the beginning of the third hundred miles. Twice dur
ing the run she took a tepid bath and was rubbed down. - ;
When the. finish line was passed Dr. Olcott.the family physician, was on
hand to give his services if they should" be necessary. He found that the
plucky woman looked haggard, but her heart" was normal, her temperature was
good and her lungs and stomach were in excellent condition. She was given
an alcohol bath and was put to bed at once. She was allowed to sleep only a
few hours at a time until she had entirely recovered.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. J. M. Blodgett of Lodi is registered
at the Grand.'
H. J. Corcoran of Stockton is at the
Lick with his wife.
, W. H. Dimond, a capitalist of Boston,
ls^i guest at the Grand.
Judge F. D. Nicol has come down from
Stockton and is at the Lick.
C. C. Beekman, a banker of Portland,
Or., Is at the Grand with his wife.
' Among the naval arrivals at the Occi
dental is Lieutenant John J. Doyle.
R. Dickens, U. S. M. C, arrived in the
city yesterday and Is at the Occidental.
Thomas Ewing, a prominent mine owner
of Los Angeles, is registered at the Pal
ace.
Captain J. B. Bachelor, U. S. A., was
one of yesterday's arrivals at the Occi
dental.
J. W. Browning, a cattle man of Grand
Island, Is among last night's arrivals at
the Grand.
D. C. O'Reily, one of the wealthiest
merchants of Portland, Or., is staying at
the. Palace. .
Ashton Potter, a popular New York
business and society man. is a guest at
the Palace.
W. M. Griffith, a mining man of Tucson.
Ariz., is one of those who arrived at the
Palace yesterday.
Dr. W. F. Breakley. one of the leading
physicians of Ann Arbor, Mich., is a
guest at the Lick.
Admiral Kautz and T. S. Phelps Jr. are
staying at the Palace. Mrs. Kautz ac
companies the admiral.
The agriculturists ; have returned from
their jaunt around 'the country and are
again at the Occidental.
Joseph H. Crosby* one of the leading
merchants of Bangor, Me., is at the Oc
cidental on a short visit to the coast.
G. McM. Ross . and Senator Alex Mc-
Cone, two prominent residents of Vir
ginia City, Nev., are staying at the Occi
dental. ■' . ■ ,=:,;;.....! . .
Mr. and Mrs. Seymour Waterhouse are
registered at the California. Mr. Water
house is a well-known and wealthy min
ing man of Placer County. 4
F. Coleman, a mine owner of Redding,
has returned from the East, where -he
has been on business connected* with his
properties. He is at the Palace.
H. L. Corbett, a banker of Portland,
Or., is at the California, waiting to see
and bid a welcome to the webfoot boys
when they march up the street this morn
ing. ../. ./.-. , -y^ : ' j: l;
Judge S. C. Denson, : H. G. W. Dinkel
spiel and M. Cooney and Dr.. Frederick
Burk, representing the board of trustees
of the San Francisco State Normal School,
have gone to Los \ Angeles to attend the
joint 'convention of Normal School boards,
which meets there this week. " 'r^.- ?.x..:J-.'J
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, July' 13.— Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Murphy of San Francisco are at
the I Hoffman. _._rs. A. C. Armstrong jof
Alameda is at the Netherland. Thomas
Jameson; of Los ..npreles is at the Bar
tholdi. W. T. : Roberts of Manila is at
'the Majestic. A. . B. Wood, - wife and
child of Honolulu are at the Fifth Ave
nue. : ' ■'.'..' . " . •'.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A BACK -DATE— Subscriber, City. The
18th of July, 1852, fell on a Sunday.
DE LESSEPS— P. D:,. City. Viscount
Ferdinand de Lesseps died near ' Paris,
France, December .7, 1894. -.-•■'
•f POPULATlON— Subscriber. City, tlt Is
estimated .that the | population . of San
Francisco is between 360.000 and 370,000,
but what the exact figures are no one
can tell and will not be able to until the
census is taken next year.
NOT PREMIUM COINS— M., San
Leandro, Cal. There is no premium for
a half penny, English, of 1887, nor for a
Japanese half sen.
HOFF-J. C, City. After the convic
tion of Hoff for the murder of Mrs. Clute
f**"'' _-«--■'■'■ ~r- 1... ~.~ ——.—*-*————.——- -__-,_._-_ -,~w—~ - -_ ---,
'" "ft
! i
lillf WWPliiiI 111 !! i
■ •
P » ■ »srj>:< sfc ■ ***_
_t% T
A : mm •
-_-J_f___k P^9mmiJkx^.
Mm m_k_ **M"^ v^ J-*- .-.. . r
■ i a___a_i____m ,:Jm . < *mt-'-. , #
'"',X" > c : ______l_|o._i_i, : i
: - jLgggP B__m wM *
; _d3l - - ; - Wk ©
ffl 9
'""'■*■ ' \ '"' •
THE MAN OF THE HOUR. I
A MAGNIFICENT PORTRAIT OF I
ADMIRAL DEWEY.
IN TEN COLORS •
(Size 14x21 inches) $
1 . , ; ■__- . ' I
WILL BE GIVEN AWAY BY THE GALL t
___ _ __ _ : If
To every one inserting and paying ©
for a WANT ADVERTISEMENT in 1
' NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL. - "_
THIS PORTRAIT Ism nosenSB a cheap chromo, but an example of ©
____________________ , the highest style of illuminated printing In the d
famous French style of color-plate work. An ornament to any library or drawing- |
room. BEARS THE AUTOGRAPH OF ADMIRAL DEWEY. * Cannot be had else- 9
where In San Francisco than "at the Business Office of HE CALL, where sample •
copies may be seen. ; 1
an appeal was taken to the Supreme
appeal was »«" l
Court, and it is jtlll_tnere.
_™-tt. at «.• PAY— A. S., City. The pay
of A M a?mira S r _??_-• United States navy
is $13,000 per year.
' --r-PKTS OF THE UNIVERSITY--*.
R.C?ty?he office of Regent of the Uni
versity of California is an honorary one
and does not carry a salary with it.
A MATTER OF CONTRACT -H. 8..
Oakland Cal. The rights cf employer and
employe in relation to wages when one
leaves before the end of a week or the
other discharges a man before the ena 01
the week depend on the term of contract
at the time of employment.
DUMDUM BULLETS-G. R-. City. The
name dumdum" is applied to a bullet that
has a point of soft metal, which when it
strikes an object flattens and makes a
large wound. They were first made In
! the village of DumDum, India, and they
! take their name from that place.
THE THIRD ARTILLERY— Anxious
Mother, Woodland,. Cal. For information
as to the time that Battery A, Third Ar
tillery, will leave the Philippines for San
Francisco, and as to whether the muster
ing out will take place there, address a.
communication to the War Department,
Washington, D. C.
A LOST RELATIVE— J. L., North Tem
escal, Cal. You. should address a letter
of Inquiry, inclosing a self-addressed and
stamped envelope, to William Clayton
Pickersgill, Consul General for Great
Britain, San Francisco. Cal., and he may
direct you in the matter of tracing up a
lost relative. ■ >• '. >
SIGNAL CORPS— W. M., Mendocino,
Cal. For information about instruction
in the work of the signal corps you should
communicate with the chief signal officer.
Brigadier General A. XV. Greely, War De
partment building, Washington, D. C.
What is commonly called "wig wag" is
that part of the signal service in which
flags are used for. signaling.
THE BIGGEST STEAMER— S., Fort
Bragg, Cal. As yet no vessel has been
built that in every particular has exceed
ed the dimensions of the Great Eastern,
but the Oceanic, recently launched at
Belfast, Ireland, exceeds her in length.
The dimensions of the Great Eastern
were: Length 692 feet, beam 83. depth 57..;
her displacement was -27,000 tons and her
draught 29%. The dimensions of the
Oceanic are: Length 704 feet, beam 68,
depth 49; her displacement is 25.500 ton*
and her draught is 36%.
BOOKS FOR OUR SOLDIERS.
MANILA, P. 1., May 20, 1899.
Manager the San Francisco Call—
Sir: Yesterday I received per Arizona
three boxes of literature. Two were ad
dressed to Company C, First Montana
Regiment, and the third to me. I at once
sent word to the captain of Company C
and sent the third box up to our
boys at San Pedro -Vacate— that is, the
First' California Infantry. Then I re
ceived from Hongkong a letter from you,
addressed to Mr. Blake, who was here
for a while, the contents of which you
know.. Please let this be a reply to same
and be assured that should any more
boxes come to light later on their con
tents will be as judiciously distributed as
my judgment and opportunity will allow.
Yours very truly, C. M. WANGE.
Important! Genuine eyeglasses, specs,
10 to 10 cents. Look out for No. 73 Fourth
street, next stove store. -?"•'-".-_ *
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. I •
In the Divorce Court.
Abby M. Fassett has been granted a
divorce from Frank Fassett on the
ground of cruelty. Philip Gareau has
been granted a divorce from Clarenda
Gareau on the ground of willful deser
tion. Suits for divorce have been filed
by Mary Filipich against Nicholas Fili
i pich on the ground of failure to provide
and Margaret Drummond against John
j Drummond for cruelty. .;
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For Bale by druggists in every
part of the world." Be sure and ask for Mrs.
-.Vinslow's Soothing Syrup, 23c a bottle.
HOTEI. DEL CORONADO— Take advantaga
of the round trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days* board at
hotel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street, San Francisco.THE TRUE SITUATION
IN THE PHILIPPINES
It Is Said to Be Much Worse Than
Official Reports Indicate.
A Returned Array Officer Says It Will Take a Hundred
Thousand Men to Subject the Followers
of Aguinaldo.
cj y\ <~f ry>HAT is the true situation
\\ S\f II in Manila? It is said to I
\Jl\\ll be alarmm S. notwith- j
xi x_/ standing the "reassuring" I
official reports made pub
lic. No transport has returned from
the Philippines for months that its ar
rival has not been followed by disquiet
ing rumors. There are more sick and
wounded, it is said, than there Is room I
in the hospitals or doctors to care for; !
there is more country to be guarded
than can be safely taken care of by the :
troops in the islands; and, stronger
than all and more vital grows the be
lief that it is absolutely impossible to '
subdue the Filipinos with the troops !
now under General Otis. Their num- 1
bers are inadequate and their end. it ;
Is maintained, will be death in ambush
or from disease.
"With the return of the Oregon Volun- j
teers these alarming rumors have been j
renewed so strongly that there is no I
longer much doubt that they are based j
on actual conditions as they exist in ,
the Philippines. For well-known rea- [
sons it Is impossible to get any of the j
returning army officers to stand spon- j
sor over his name for a statement of j
the situation.
"Wait till we're mustered out." sev- j
eral of them said yesterday, "then we j
may be able to tell something. While :
we're In the army it would not do."
The manner of the officers in deliver- 1
ing themselves of this refusal was suf- \
ficient to indicate that they could say I
things if they would and that they
would once they returned to private
life. One man, however, has been
found who knows the conditions. His 1
truthfulness cannot be questioned. He ;
gives an insight into affairs in the |
Philippines that does not fit with the ;
"reassuring" official reports. For the
reason that he still wears the uniform
of an officer of the army of Uncle Sam
he will not allow the use of his name.
In an interview yesterday with a re- j
porter for The Call, he said that the {
Filipinos, in some way, gained the im
pression from Admiral Dewey that he
had come there to give them their free
dom.
"Following Dewey," continued the of
ficer, "came Anderson. He treated Aguin
aldo as head of a republican form of gov
ernment;' also gave him the impression I
that he had but one object there, viz.. to
drive out the Spaniards and then retire.
Merritt on his arrival did all he could to 1
stop that business, and arranged his plans I
so that, going into Manila, he shut them :
out. He treated Aguinaldo as a mere j
brigand who was annoying him by cutting
off his water supply. Merritt was an able
old chap, but he didn't want to stay there.
He wanted to settle things, so he could |
get out just as quick as he could. He |
realized that it was a tough job, and he
wasn't very well equipped to carry on a j
long and hard campaign. Merritt didn't 1
WROTE LOVE LETTERS
THEN TOOK MORPHINE
WILLIAM A. HOUSE WRIGHT,
private In the United States
Hospital Corps at the Presidio,
committed suicide last Wed
nesday night in the Seattle House at
1231 Market street by taking mor
phine.
House - right engaged a room on
Wednesday evening, paying 25 cents
for one night's lodging. Then he spent
an hour or two in writing letters. He
was found about noon yesterday lying
on the bed. The body was cold, and
life had been extinct for several
hours.
The man was undoubtedly Insane.
He labored under the hallucination
that the women nurses in the hos
pital-were conspiring to do him harm,
and that they were circulating lies
about him.
He wrote to Miss Annie Voight, 2514
Green street, tho following letter:
7, 12. '91.
Darling Anna: Why did I meet you?
Since I met you I have had a great deal
of trouble and I am now dying. Please
remember ma ln your hours sometime. I
lpve you so. Good-by. A kiss to you.
Farewell. Those nurses are a terror.
Good-by.
WILLIAM A. HOUSEWRIGHT.
To Miss Lily May Chambers, 22 Perkins street, Augusta. Ga., he wrote:
7, 12, '9».
Dearest Lily: I 'am dying. Good-by, my darling. It is the fault of the women
nurses: so good-by, my darling. I am yours in death,
' * • WILLIE HOUSEWRIGHT.
Another letter was to Miss Minnie Hyres of Dumbarton, S. C. It is as
follows: 7. tt. '99.
Dear Loving Minnie: This Is my last letter to you, as I will be cold In death
when you' read It. They are making life miserable for me In the army. The female
nurses are lying. on me and doing everything they can to get me in trouble. They
ought to be kicked out of the service. Look at me— a big healthy young man who
loves life as. well as any one and who worships his country, being forced to take his
own lire. I have not the time to explain everything, darling, but it is the fault of
the nurses. So my dear darling Minnie please excuse me and think on me sometime
as one who lov.s you dearly now. So one »w«>t, loving kiss and one long good-by,
and lam at last cone to meet him who will give me my Just dues. Good-by, sweet.
Meet me in heaven. Yours, *. WILLIE HOUSEWRIGHT.
An Inquest will be held this morning.
YOUNG MEDICOS ARE
GIVEN THEIR DEGREES
GRADUATES OF THE COLLEGE OF
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
Annual Commencement Exercises in
the California Theater, Fol
lowed 'by a Banquet.
The California Theater was crowded
Wednesday night, the occasion being the
annual commencement exercises of the
College of Physicians and Surgeons.
*-- Professor J. R. Lame, president of the
board of trustees, acted as presiding offi
cer and conferred the degrees. Dr. Wil
son delivered an address on "The Mercies
of Medical Life," and Colonel Irish spoke
. of. the progress and development of the
science of medicine. T_he invocation and
benediction were delivered by Rev. Mr.
McKelvev. Diplomas were given to nine
teen in the medical and eighty-two In the
dental class.
At the conclusion of the exercises the
newly made physicians and dentists were
entertained at the annual banquet of the
* alumni association of the college in the
. banquet hall of the California Hotel. Dr. '
W. J. Jackson, president of the associa
tion, presided and toasts were responded
_Vto as follows:
"Absent Friends," D. A. Hodghead, A.M.,
M D. ' "Our College," Window Anderson. A.M.,
M.D. : "Dental Class of '99," T. L. Hill, D.D.8. ;
"Medicine, • Dentistry and Pharmacy," P. A.
Dubois. Ph.O. ; "The Alumni," Antrim Edgar
Oeborn, Ph.D.; M.D. ; "The Medical Class of
recognize Aguinaldo as President of the
republic. He just gave him to understand
that he was a d nuisance and that
he would sit down on him .1 .»- annoyed
him (Merritt) too much.
"Otis on his arrival' gave the Filipinos
every latitude. They closed around the
city of Manila and commenced a practical
siege and exacted a toll on every.
that went in or out, and just simply
barred our men from going into their
lines. Tho Filipinos had the freedom of
the city. They even enlisted soldiers in
the old walled city. Merritt's treatment
of the Filipinos had put them on their
mettle, and Otis gay« them every oppor
tunity to form a powerful army. The
Filipinos who were In the Spanish army
were well drilled men. Otis chased these
soldiers out of Manila and they imme
diately went to the Filipino army, these
men would have served with our army;
in fact, they begged to be allowed to join
it, but Otis' action drove them to the en
emy. There were probably low of these
soldiers. '
. "Before the outbreak Otis had treated
the Filipinos as though he was afraid of
them. He used no firmness with them,
and they got the Impression that all they
had to do to take Manila was to come
and get it. Otis' policy was certainly a
very weak one. The Filipino army and
our army were so close together previous
to the outbreak that the outposts of the
two armies were not more than two feet
apart. With these Filipinos in
sulting and abusing our men continually
and accusing us of being afraid of them,
there was but one result that could hap
pen and that was a .fight.
"After the American soldier had been
in the leash so long nothing could stop
him, not even bad generalship. General
King said: 'There goes the American
soldier and all hell can't stop him!' Otis
is unquestionably a great office man.
When it comes down to saving ten cents
he is a great general. He devotes the
most of his time to finding out whether
some clerk is entitled to rations or not.
As a great general of a fighting army
he is decidedly a failure.
"Reports as a rule have been colored
from Manila. The plain fact of the mat
ter is a hundred thousand troops are
needed. That is the very smallest num
ber that can subjugate these Filipinos.
It is an Impossibility that the present
army, which numbers probably 35.000
men, can ever conquer these people. Our
policy of moving through 1 country and
gaining victories without establishing
garrisons— merely moving on through the
country and allowing the enemy to oc
cupy again positions we have just taken —
is surely no advantage to us.
"The Hospital Corps has done effective
work considering the way it has been
handled, which has been very economi
cally. There is a large number of wound
ed and sick who might recover and be
fit for duty again if sent to the United
States, but they can never hope to re
cover in that climate. If these men were
sent home It would leave more room in
the hospitals and the corps could better
attend to other patients.
"The" policy of the present government
over there has been to send encouraging
reports to tn. United States, but tacts
have not warranted these reports. Peo
ple of the United States must make up
their minds that these islands will cost
a great many million dollars and the loss i
of at least ten thousand more lives before
the Government ever realizes any profit. I
The number of sick and wounded in the j
hospitals is very large, and something
certainly should be done 10 increase the
hospital facilities." I
'99," Edgar W. Couper, M.D. ; "Sweethearts ,
and Wives," William A. Bryant, M.D.. D.D.S.;
"Our Old Class Rooms," Thomas Fletcher, D.
D.S.
Among the Invited guests at the ban
quet were: Colonel Gerard, surgeon of
the United States army; Dr. Simon, of the
United States steamship lowa, Dr. Moore ■;
of the State Board of Dental Examiners
and Dr. Hennessy of Napa.
—■ ♦ »
How the First Band of Mercy Was
Formed, and many other features, in
next Sunday's Call.
Bayley's Widow Wins.
Upon a rehearing the Supreme Court
has rendered a decision in favor of the
widow In the case of Mrs. Gertrude K.
Bavley against the Insurance Employers'
Assurance Corporation. George B. Bay
ley died from an accident. The company
in this case refused to pay the indemnity,
and the widow, in whose favor the policy
was made, was obliged to sue, and in the
lower court she recovered judgment.
Given away with each cash want adver- j
tisement ordered in next ■iundiy's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches, i
ready for framing.
The Lowenthal Murder.
The preliminary examination of the sol- j
dier, M. J. Mochel, charged with the mur- '
der of Mrs. Ida Lowenthal, was conclud- i
ed before Judge . Treadwell yesterday
morning. Mochel'took the stand In his
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1899.
own behalf and testified that the woman
was'intoxlcated when he went into a box
in the Campfire saloon, Kearny street,
with her. He purchased a bottle of beer,
and when he refused to buy more she
struck him on the face. Both made a grab
for the empty bottle and were struggling
for its possession when a waiter came in.
He denied striking the woman, and
thought she must have been wounded by
a beer glass thrown by some one else.
After hearing the arguments of counsel
the Judge said he would render h^s decis
ion to-morrow.
NEWS ON THE FRONT.
City of Para Sails for Manila — Crowds
Throng the Wharves to See
the Transports.
The Folsom-street wharf was alive with
humanity yesterday afternoon.. The
friends of the soldiers who sailed on the
City of Para were so numerous that they
blocked traffic. The colored regiment was
the most favored, the wharves and decks j
of the Para being packed by their fare
well-disposed friends. The City of Para
carries several companies of the Twenty
fourth Infantry, two troops of the Fourth
Cavalry, a company of engineers ana a
detachment of Signal Corps operators.
General Schwan, who has been recently
appointed chief of staff to General Otis,
commanded the expedition.
Orders have been given for the New
port and Ohio to dock at the Folsom
street wharf early this morning. The Ore- (
gonians will be mustered out here after
they come ashore to-morrow morning.
Great lejoicing on the part of the troops
followed upon • the announcement that
i they would be mustered out.
The ship Aryan and the barkentine Inn- ]
1 gard arrived In port yesterday afternoon.
Willie Danosky, a boy eight years
iof age. residing with his parents at 1
413 Union street, was brought into the
Harbor Hospital yesterday afternoon, the .
I victim of an accident, which may result In
I death. He was riding on top of a wagon
i and, losing his balance, fell to the ground.
I His left arm was contused, his left collar
. bone and spine fractured. The accident
! occurred on the corner of California and
I Market streets. The physicians fear that
; the boy is also suffering from internal
j injuries.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
J Appointments Made and Fines Im
' posed on Two Firemen.
j The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
j afternoon and imposed fines of five days'
I pay each on D. McAuliffe, hoseman of
' engine 8, for being under the influence of
! liquor at the headquarters of his company,
and Frank Page, hoseman of engine 3,
for neglect of duty.
Thomas Hardy's res'gnation as hoseman
of engine 31 was accepted, and John
; O'Brien was appointed in his stead. G.
! W. Hall was appointed hoseman of engine
! 29.
j The resolution of the Board of Super-
I visors granting $9100 for the expenses of
! the department for the current month,
! and that further action would be taken on
. the Mayor's return, was read.
_-___-> ■
A Well Known Specialist Relocates
Here.
After an absence of more than a de
cade Dr. : E. S. Aborn has returned to
San Francisco to resume active prac
tice in his profession. In his specialty—
the diseases of the eye and ear, catarrh,
asthma and lung affections— the doctor,
during his absence in the East, has re
peated his prior successes in a quarter
of a century of practice in San Fran
cisco. In this class of diseases Dr.
Aborn ranks with the few great, spe
cialists of the United States.
His treatise on consumption and its
possibility of cure is recognized as one
of the best essays on that dread dis
ease. It is peculiarly fitting and a
source of gratification to residents here
that so successful a practitioner should
choose to round out an honorable
career In the field of his early suc
cesses.
Dr. Aborn has located permanently
at 554 Sutter street. ; .
ADVEZTJSEMENTS.
ALL DISEASES
AND WEAKNESS OF MEN. I
DR. MEYERS & CO. are the most I
popular physicians because they are I
the most successful. They are the ■
most successful for the reason that B
they are the most skilled and expe- E
rienced. They have been curing dis- m
eases and weakness of men for mora 1
than eighteen years, and hive the I*
largest and best equipped medical in- I
stitution in America. f
NO PAY TILL. CURED. I
' Patients can arrange to pay when ]
theyrire well, or may pay In monthly I
installments. Consultation free.
DR. METERS & CO., §
731 MARKET ST., S. F. I
Elevator entrance. Hours. 8 to 6 daily; |
7 to 8 evenings; » to 11 Sunday. H
_-_ 7 l _--. A , |, h^a_--______-s-------3
MUNYON'S INHALER
Is a Positive Cure fop Catarrh,
Asthma, Bronchitis and All
Throat and Lung Diseases.
Couds of medicat- /2__j&s__i
ed vapor are inhaled _t____a____T^
through the mouth H_KflP"«/
and emitted from the y 6Jp? >»
nostrils, having -,o^^'_r\^^\
cleansed and vapo '~o^^^^^^^r
i.ed ali the diseased *~ A ____»^^__^J "
parts. A sense of re- i.-**" 3 ' ___S^'^
lief is fe t at once. A * "St^"^^,
cure is certain. "Doc- ~^\h<ff~~^
tors indorse it. fH
At all druggists or :
mailed to any address. Price $1.00, with
everything complete. .T;."~%j
/ Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505 Arch
street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered with free
medical advice for any disease. .
NER VITA -5K v.".;?
>*&•§§s) — AND MANHOOD
K|3jr»-'~V Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
vkJ_|)_3 Q diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
y&i _JT\ indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood-builder.
, Sp&f Brings the pink glow to pal- hecks and __»
■__ #&_.. J stores the fire of youth. ■ By mail 500 pit
_K_^_fL boji Obexes for $2.50; with a written
SfStli^n v- " to cure or refund tho money .
_4.rt.ita medical Co., CHnton 6 Sacksoti its.. fibiogj.
E. -• Baldwin _. Co.. Dr-„*rlst». S Market. 8. V.
Mrw^^tei RUPTURE.
IJ-s* '_^_\f USE NO MORE IRON
K9fa_-^______r<4s9^^ Hoops or Steel Springs.
__r_ £ 's^2__-£y : -S< Rupture retained with eat*
M_-^XSiC*t an ' J comfort, and thousands radl-
-1 fS>_^ cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
m /eSj^ Magnetic Elastic Trust. . (E>Call at
~\^__W efflce or writs for New Pamphlet
. No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
fi.O Mai *t.. OPP. Palace iioiti. San -'rancispo
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets. Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation. • ' .„'.... -
Price tl a bottle. For rale by druggists.
Wright's Indian VeietaWe Fills
Are acknowledged -by thousands of persons
who ' have used them for forty years to curt
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver. Weak BU.__-cb. Pim-
net an- purify t_t blood, '
ADVESTISEMEKTS. .
I Lazy Liver (
gfc»»* You know very well how you feel when your liver don't act. Bile collects in the blood, bowels become __!______
£= You know very well how you feel when your liver don't act. Bile collects in the blood, bowels become 3
5^ constipated and your whole system is poisoned. A lazy liver is an invitation for a thousand pains and aches to 3
£= come and dwell with you. Your life becomes one long measure of irritability and despondency and bad feeling 3
P" CASCARETS act directly, and in a peculiarly happy manner on the liver and bowels, cleansing, purifying, 3
E= revitalizing every portion of the liver, driving all the bile from the blood, as is soon shown by increased appetite 3
E for food, power to digest it, and strength to throw off the waste. ; Beware 'of imitations ! jg
C^_ __e^__^*^^^^B&_¥^____^ >ct sv. immin'."— \\ aahington S.__-. aT , . ~^»
_-— -«-----^^_-____UjgilL___. nllflJSt " , toaTe heen troubled a great deal mau "■___!
*~ _^U_^r «'.■■■ "* have been troubled a great deal mau --•
_-— AmSSwmT _43_\ n&tk. Tm&wSk. rfnr wltha torpid liver, which produces constipa- Tha* — •
!_^_ _____________r __£__ I_P££s£_ i tj on. I found CASCARETS to be all you , ■__*
•_— AWWWw __Im B-tlSa _!___ _ssßa a claim for them, and secured such relief the ' KI P —«•
S~- ___H_____r 11-fflP^^^^_i__w BHI-tfl ed first trial that I purchased another supply "I jur "* __^J
>»~- _____ _w _________r |S]jjg3s|S , and was completely cured. I shall only be .•. —_»
g— _____/____r ___ E**&3m to ° slad t0 recommend Cascarets whenever LU
_»— __K&_____l -_S__r ____s^9____k _____^^^_________ Bl^^-A__. ___l^^^____ l_u_^9
»>_» Ps Wr y _______1 _____T SB 1 k___b _____> ■___! _________ if '^Nh, -~<<>
E H___ ANNUAL SALES. 5,000,000 BOXES. ___4_\_W 3
_** vl _s?__>9— _. ______fID-___a__r *
t^ 1-1 *t'ttt^ tq «_P-__-35!! f %>fci _________(^____*f_®____H__^^^ _f _r_i - -nr
1 THE TABLET DRUGGISTS i
_» • -. ■ . 3
P~ CASCARETS are absolutely harmless, a purely vegetable compound. No mercurial or other mineral pill-poison in Cascarets. Cascarets promptly, effectively and permanently
IE cure every disorder of the Stomach , Liver and Intestines. They not only cure constipation, but correct any and every form of irregularity of the bowels , including diarrhoea «"£•««£
t£ Pleasant, palatable, potent. Taste good, do good. Never sicken, weaken or gripe. Be sure you get the genuine 1 Beware of imitations ' and substitutes ' Buy a box of CASCARETS =S
£= to-day, and if not pleased in every respect, get your money back I Write us for booklet and free sample ! Address STERLING REMEDY COMPANY, CHICAGO or NEW ™Rk^ -^
__U_l__..i__..H.MW.U.iM^^
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSB
MOROSCO AMUSEMENT CO. (Inc.), Lessee.
ALL THIS WEEK.
Magnificent Revival In English of Bizet's
Charming Opera.
"CARMEN !"
ORCHESTRA FLOOR. Reserved, 35c and 50c.
DRESS CIRCLE, Reserved. 25c.
FAMILY CIRCLE. Reserved. 15c.
GALLERY, 10c.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
At the Matinee, the Best Reserved Seat can be
purchased for 25c. Family Circle 15c
Gallery 10c.
Telephone Main 532.
NEXT WEEK OLIVETTE "
COLUMSIAvfe
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
A/V/_
A SPlt/AICMPAW
! First Time in This Country Outside of N. Y.
LORD AND LADY ALGY
A BRILLIANT COMEDY,
| By R. C. Carton, Author of "Liberty Hall."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. Frledlander. Manager.
• THEY COULD NOT DO OTHERWISE THAN
MAKE A HIT.
Tremendous ovation to
MISS BLANCHE BATES
and COMPANY OF PLAYERS.
! Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday
Nights", and Saturday Matinee. The Late
Augustln Daly's Most Successful Comedy
THE L AST lA/ORD.
THE COMPANY— Hope Ross. Mary Van Bu-
' ren, Manola Mould. Kathleen Chambers. Rose
! Whitney, Edith Miller. Belle Vaney. Mrs. F.
| M. Bates, Harry Turnbull, J. R. Amory. Frank
Wllmot, Augustus Cook. Harrington Reynolds,
Charles W. King. Alfred Hickman, George
Gaston, Frank Mathleu. J. C. Riley. Thomas
Phillips and T. DANIEL FRAWLEY.
Reserved seats. 25c, 50c, 75c and $1.
Matinee, 25c. 50c and 75c.
MONDAY. July MISS BLANCHE BATES
In "THE DANCING GIRL." ■
W*BBBS_
MISS MINNIE PALMER
(The Original My Sweetheart.)
In the Dainty One-Act Play, "ROSE
POMPOM."
Assisted by FRANCIS JERRARD, Late of The
Haymarket Theater. London.
GEORGE WILSON,. Premier Monologlst.
THE • RIXFORDS. Acrobatic Wonders.
MILLIAN AND SHIELDS, Comedians.
HAVES AND LYTTON, MORIE. THE FAR-
RELLS. GARDNER BROS.
Reserved seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ALCAZAR™
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
CAMILLE !
FLORENCE ROBERTS
AS CAMILLE.
PRICES . . : . . Isc, 25c, 35c, s):'
NEXT— NEW MAGDALEN.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
THIS EVENING AT 8:10
;;'/..•'-. i A HOT SHOW
THE LAUGHING TRIUMPH
The Spectacular j Extravaganza
"BLUE BEARD"
"(IN SUMMER ATTIRE)
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2 P. M.
BRING. THE CHILDREN '...
POPULAR PRlCh4>...2sc and 50c
: 'y'-'.'y" _.* Our Telephone— Bush 9. - ', .-.
CAFE DflVAl :& _
Unit nU 11 1 L. Be. Overcoats and
■ -. . * Valises checked free.
AMUSEMENTS.
r/AsFcHANCE !
TWO DAYS ONLY
TO BUY ONE DOLLAR, SIX ADMISSION
TRANSFERABLE TICKETS TO
GREAT INTERNATIONAL '
CAKEWALK CARNIVAL!
AT
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
OPENS TO-MORROW, July 15.
These tickets will be withdrawn after 6 p. m.,
then regular admission Is 25c.
3000 free stats. 4S private boxes, ushers in
uniform, hall finely lighted, etc.
EIGHT CAKE WALKS EACH NIGHT
Socletv, professional, colored. Juvenile, gro-
tesque, "international, Chinese, Filipino, elec-
tric, etc.
Grand pageant representing the birth of the
cake walk, 600 persons In line each night.
Bennett's lilt, military band, pretty booths.
Buck, wing, jig and fancy ' dances. Voting
on moat popular cake walker and on prettiest
costume. Every one has a vote. It's the great-
est show ever seen here.
DON'T MISS OPENING NIGHT.
FALL OF THE BASTILE!
French National
Celebration ....
FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1899
ALL DAY!
ALL N GHT!
AT THE CHUTES!
LITERARY EXERCISES. CONCERT, GAMES.
PYROTECHNICAL SHAM NAVAL
BATTLE ON LAKE.
FIREWORKS. GRAND BALL.
ADMISSION 25 cents." CHILDREN 10 cents.
GROUNDS OPEN AT 10 A M
. ALL NIGHT ELECTRIC CARS.
CONCERTS AND AESORTS.
13 •_* _• *» * Vb> Those who were there
_, say the Panorama is a
g~\^r correct representation.
111. Lectures. by Prof W.
G. ROLLINS after-
)i/I _— _, _-__ _ ■ _r_ noons and evenings.
iTlallll-l Market St.. nr. Eighth.
Admission, SOc.
|> ___ - . f Children. 25c.
Kay; ______________
6UTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c
Bathing, Including admission, 2_c; Chil-
dren,. 20c. .
NOTICE.
Assessment Book of Real and Per-
sonal Property, 1899. *
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF BOARD OF
Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco. City Hail building, second Hour. July
4. 18S>-.
Public notice is hereby given. In accordance
with section No. 3654 of the Political Code, that
the Assessment Book of the City and County of
ban Francisco, for the year 1899. has been com-
pleted and delivered to me, as Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, ! together with the map
book", and statements, and will be open for ex-
amination in this office from 9 o'clock a. m. to
4 o'clock p. m., and that said Board of Super-
visors met to examine the Assessment Book
nd equalize the assessment of property therein,
on MONDAY AFTERNOON. July 3, 15.9, at 2
o'clock and will thereafter continue In session
from time to time until the business of equal-
ization presented to them is disposed of. but not
later than the 17th day of July. 1899.
Applications for correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath.
Public notice Is also given, that In accordance
with sections 1897. 1899 and 8654 of the Political
Code the Military ROll has been completed, de-
livered over to me and is now open for exam-
ination and correction, as provided by law.
.nation ana - " jo __ A ," RUSSEI u Clerk.
000000 00 0000000000
->«•" PALACE .'"A*?
°GRAND HOTELS %
" SAN FRANCISCO. Q
° Connected by a covered passageway.-*'
® 1400 hoom.- 900 *.. h inth Attache-. °
O All Under One Management yOVsO
O NOTK THE PRICES: O
O EuropeanPlan.ffl.OO per day and upward O
_*_ American Plan. ?8.00 per day and upward rt
O Correspondence Solicited. _*
O JOHN 0. KIKXFATRICK. Manager. O
000000000000000000
__»__»TTGl_rirC FOR BARBERS, BAK-
JDJCI Ll l_J__l____-__f ers, bootblacks, bath-
_■__.« mm w-- houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-,
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. .
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 600 Saoramanto 31
lA/. X. HESS, '
JTOTAB7 PUBLIC! AND ATTORNS---- LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California at., below* Powell,
San Francisco.
EAILBOAI^TEAVEI^ t
•OVTIIKR!. r*t'IIIC COM PA NT.
(PACiriO svsrr.M.i
Trains leave nml in «■ .In- I o nrrlve nt
WAN FKAKCIMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lbavb — From Junb 23, 1839. — aerit l ;
7iOOa Benlcla, Suisuu and Sacramento.... 5:43p
TiIHIa MarvsTille Orotilleand Redding via
Woodland 5..3F :
7tOOa Elmira. Vaca-ille and Rumsey Si4sp :
7.11-A Martinez. Ban Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Callstoga and Santa Rosa 9it^r
SiOOa Atlantic Express. Og.len and East.. ©.__*
■iIIOa Sail Jose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. riaoerville,
MnrysTille. C'hico. Red UltilT -i 11.... ,
8j»Oa •Milton, Oakdale and soiiora 4.1..P j
•t3-A Yoscmite Valley via Oakdale and
Chineso ! I '?* I
9:00 a Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. I li-_*
liou. Martinez. Trncy. Lathrop. Stockton, _
Merced sna Fresno --..It.* |
BiOOa Fresno, Uakers-ield. Santa H.trl.ura,
Los Angeles, Demlng, El Paso,
New Orleans and East J Ox-Bp i
lO.OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:1.-iP ,
1 1:«0.\ Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 2- »3»
12:0 ou Niles, Livermore, Stockton, .Sacra-
mento, Mendota. Hauford. Visalia,
Pcrtervllle _____* !
•l:OOp Sacramento ltiver Steamers ■_•••»
S:OOp Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. »t4»p i
4ilMlp Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, t.'allst'iKK. Santa Rosa Bilßa ;
4iOOr Benicia, . Vacavllle, Sacramento, .
Woodland. ' Knights Landing,
Marysville, Orovillo IO:.r»* j
_i3»p Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7.-1.-.P
4>3op Yosemlte Sleeping Car for Raymond 13:13* •
8: OOp Tho Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Bakers-
fleld. Saugus for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles _»-a*
B.BOr Stockton, Merced, Fresno IBUBp :
»i3Up Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and Los Angeles 8.-iaa
BaBop Hanta Fe Route, Atlantic Espress
for Mojave ami East 0:43r
• .•Op Chicago-San Francisco Special.' >gden
and Mast »t.3p
«:OOp Haywards, Niles and Han Jose 7i43__
• -:Ot» i Vallojd I_l:lBp
7tOOp Oregon I. xpress, Hscraiiieuto, Marys-
ville, Reddina, Portland. Puget
Sound and l.sst 7i 43a
tft.<M>P Vallejo, Port CosU and Way Sta-
_| tlons MO'" 0 ? ,
COAST IHVISIOS (Narrow (langc).
'.-I (Foot of Market Street.) ■ j
J7i-3a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations :8:0B»
■i IJ. a Newark. Centerville, San.) Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way '
Stations... 3iso_r
*StlSp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations MO.S--1
4-lSp San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 0»«-A
MUM. Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Bta-
tlons /9»»0a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrM_Slli rRIRCISCO — root of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:16 9:00 11:00... M. {1:00 *2:00 13:09
•4:00 JB:00 «B-.03r._.
rrtta 01KI.JLI.D — Foal of Broadway. — "6:00 8:00 10:00*. If.
112:00 *1:00 12:00 *3:00 t-:00 '.:00r._.
COAST IMVISIO.. (Broad flange).
. (Third and Townsend SU) m
•8:10. Ocean View, South San Francisco.. •-!_-_.
*7tOOA San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) eS-OOA
{7:30 a Sunday Fzcursion for Santa Cnlz,
Piiciflo Grove and Principal Way
Stations t««8*»
tit.t San Jose, Tres Pinos, Hanta Cruz,
Pacilio Grove. Paso Rubles, San
Luis Obispo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations..... 4ilOp
I Oi. O a Sail Jose and Way Stations GiSßa
11:SOa San Jose and Way Stations li3OV
*i)s. San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San .lose,
Holllster, Santa Cms. Salinas.
Monterey and Paclflo Grove • •10«3_A
■IM3-p San Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacifio Grove
and Principal Way Stat ions *7iBop
•J:l3p Sen Joseand Principal Way Stations 9:43*
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *S:33a
St3or San Jose and Principal Way Stat inns "9:00*
0:..0r San Josoan.t Way Stations B:BOp
t11:43r San Joso nnd Way Stations. 17_a0p
- A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sunday excepted. J Sunday only. t Saturday onlji
- M-at-i-aa. and Sundair. /Sunday and Monday.
_i ____——_—__ ____________ _______ .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
;-.':•_'•.. Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1899. _
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. *8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. {
•1:45, 3:20. 4:00, *6:00. f:3O p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on I'ondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO. '9:00. •10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m. : 1:00. »1:45. •2:30. »4:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WFEK DATS — 5:25. »6:40. 7:55. 8:40. *.._:2O
a. m.; 12:30, 2:15, "3:40. 4:15. 5:15 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:00, •S^. »9:45. »10:45, «11:45
a. m. ; 1:00. 2:20, •3:30, 'S^o. •«:... 7:00. 10:15
P "Trains market (•) run to San Quentln.
Trains market (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:45, 6:50. 7:55. 8:55. 10:35
a. m.: 12:35, 2:45, 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 10:00, 11:10 a. m. ; 11:05,
1-10 2:40, 3:65. 6:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way s'ta'ns.
1:20 p. m. Saturdays— and way sta'na.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
*»-•%■ Point Reyes and way stations. -
'. 8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'na.
i 1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'na.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899, trains will run as follows}
South-bound. North-bound. '
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:10 am 10:30 am Btockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
1:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm !
10:40 am 6:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford ' 7:45 am 1:45 pm I
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am j
11:59 ami 6:25 pmJ Visalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
11:15 pm 6:51 pm] Tulare 5:50 am! 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Por particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic' Manager's Office, _U Market
•________. flan. Fr___j_i«c* i
BAII_aOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
2:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:10 p. m. Saturdays— E:;tra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 8:30, *
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
- SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
8:40, 6:15 p. m. . Saturdays— trips at
1:66 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 6:08,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
■ i . April 16, L --— -
Week Sun- 1»99. I S- -i- Week
Days. j days. Destination. ' days. Daya.
7:30 am 8:0 C am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, j 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
i Futton,"
740 am : I Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg:,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
1:10 pm 8:00 am GloverdaJe, 7:15 pm 6:10 put
T:80 am Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:36 am| 10:26 am
J 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:20 pm
7:10 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm 6:20 pm
■ - . — ' ' ' .
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:15 am
8:30 pm, 5:00 pm I 7:85 pm 6:30 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville,
Boonevllle, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springe.
Navarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little Rlvar.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal, Wlllltts, Laytonville. Cum.
mlng's. Bells Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets ta all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market at.. Chronicle bldg-
H C. WHITING, ,-- .• R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
___. ■ '
:-,---..- '. ...X--.!V ■
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
the: most COMFORTABLE way across
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 6:80 P. H.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS . AND REASONABLE!
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. (28
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 161 L -
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE,* 201 J street. '; ,4
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 1 W. Santa Clara street.
MQUrIT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
' 1 leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 8. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8. 9, 10 and 11 am. and 1:45. 1:10
and 4 p. m.
Fare, 8. F. to Summit and Return. 11 40.
THOS COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market at-
't PIERCES 1.
GOLDEN
MEDICAL .
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
1 BLOOD. LIVER. LUNGS.
.'_______________>._.■ B< - ** '* * Bon -P°t*oao_-
.<____m\_\W'^ mm *____t remedy for Gonorrhoea,
___SS___V CVUlS,li^_J_m Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
__SSWia I to 6 n.iri.^B Whites, unnatural ii*-
gßf_T GoarmntM- f| charges, or any inflamma-
■ ■__■ not to wrist-re. tion, irritation or ulcera-
fw qPreT.atj con— nioa. ■-.-. tion of mucous mem-
■BSlTH-S tt-« CH-MICUCO. cranes. Non-astringent.
___% eiNCI-MTI.O ______ Sold *»*- OruniMt-,
-MM,. _• 3 A _____■ or sent in Plain wrapper,
ESt--' ' ' '—W^k b 7 express, prepaid, fof
'.S ______________P!V > ___ 11-00' or 3 bottle*. 82.74.
■ Circular Mat .a r______
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS^ THE
great Mexican remedy; give* health . and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
, Weekly Cali,si. oo uer Year
78
C O M M ERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Sugar marked down.
Exchange advanced.
Silver and Mexican dollars declined.
Wheat dull and lower.
Barley unsettled.
Oats coming In more free
Large sales of new Rye.
Corn dull and unchanged
Hay In free receipt.
Beans firm and active.
Potatoes weak. Onions unch_.nt,od.
Vegetables In free supply.
Butter and Eggs no higher.
Poultry dull.
Fruits about the same.
Dried Fruits firmer in New York.
Provisions active and firm.
Meat market unchanged.
NEW TORI- DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
The New York Commercial says:
•Prunes are quiet, but prices are steady.
There appears to be a slightly improved demand
in some quarters, but after all It cuts little
figure in the market as yet. According to crop
reports from Oregon, not half last year's yield
will be produced, and the Quality of those will
be unsatisfactory in many localities, owing to
injury from cold. The California crop appears
to be* doing well and promises abundantly. The
French and Turkish crops are likely to be
short, which will cause a better demand for
American goods abroad.
"No opening prices on apricots were reportea
yesterday and, so far as learned, no sales at
prices to" be made occurred. Exporters send in
numerous inquiries, but no business results.
The output is likely to be more abundant than
was estimated. Spot stocks are closely con
trolled and in second hands. Not a car Is re
ported in firtt hands in this market. The mar
ket on the coast is reported entirely cleaned up.
••peaches on the spot are closely controlled
and entirely In second hands. Some holders are
sold out. while others have a few left. Prices
tend upward on old goods but sales are re
stricted in the absence of liberal supplies.
"There is nothing new ln raisins. Trade In
all departments la dead. Some seeders are send
ing in a few small orders, but the supply is so
small that ll amounts to no business at all.
There is little or no demand for foreign goods.
and prices are merely nominal."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July _, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 60; Red Bluff. £*; Sacramento. 88;
Fresno, 34: San Luis Obispo. 70; Independence,
92: I-os Angeles, 80; San Diego. 70; Yuma, 10S.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
6S; minimum, . 60; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slightly over the
whole country west of the Rocky Mountains.
The usual summer low overlies Arizona and
Southeastern California.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over the entire Pacific Slope. In the
Sacramento Valley the temperatures are
slightly above the normal, while in the San Joa
quin the temperatures are slightly above the
normal. in the vicinity of San Francisco
there is a vertical thermal gradient of 1 degree
rise for every 105 feet.
A thunderstorm is reported at Salt Lake City.
Forecast made at Sun Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight July 14. 1__»:
Northern California— Fair Friday; warmer;
northerly winds in the interior; fresh westerly
winds on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Friday; warmer
along the coast; light northerly winds.
Nevada— Friday; warmer in northern
portion.
Utah— Cloudy Friday, with showers in the
forenoon and thunderstorms in the mountains.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday;
warmer; fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 13.— The heaviness which
was predominant in the stock market to-day
represented the shifting Wall-street sentiment
regarding the money situation more than any- <
thing else, though it was emphasized by the !
rise in the Bank of England's minimum rate j
to 3% per cent and the acute weakness of the I
local traction stocks, especially Brooklyn
Transit, which dropped over 3% at one time.
Wall street had it that a strike had actually !
been declared, ana the stocks in that group
rallied when this canard was denied. Wall
street seemed to lay more stress on the advance j
in the Bank of England rate than itself. The '
stock market then? was dull, but prices, espe
cially of Americans, were well maintained, in
spite of the rise in the rate of discount. There
was a 6hai_> rally ln British consols and In !
French rentes and foreign markets seemed to j
be relieved from the tension of apprehension !
over the Transvaal situation, but nevertheless '
prices of the internationals led the decline ln .
New York and many stocks had. fallen a point .
in the course of the first hour, the grangers .
being conspicuous. Sugar also developed early
weakness and only partly recovered its decline. .
The Southwestern stocks offered a point of re- ;
eistance, Missouri Pacific leading, as was the ;
case yesterday, and St. Louis Southwestern :
preferred and Texas Pacific following the rise.
Anaconda was also strong, following London's
lead, and was at one time up 2 points. There
was sympathetic ■ activity and strength in :
Amalgamated Copper in the outside market,
the shares rising above 39. During the after
noon strength developed in Federal Steel,
American Steel and Wire, American Car pre
ferred and Cotton Oil. which indue. d a gen
eral recovery in the specialties. Northern Pa
cific rose to 51 ln the late dealings and checked
the declining tendency on realizing. New York
Air Brake, after an early decline. Jumped 7%
point*, and Mobile and Ohio rose 5. The local
money market was easier In tone, but operators
who bought yesterday on the prospect of a fa- I
vorable bank statement were Inclined to feel j
that they had exaggerated the prospective bene- ;
fit. There were realizing sales from this ;
source. .
New York Central's Increase In gross earn- '
ings for June of 1560,084 helped the late recov- I
cry' in the market. The close was about steady .
at mixed trains and losses.
The railroad bond market was rather dull i
, and irregular, the Southwestern railroads being '
In good demand. Total sales, par value, 82,825,- j
000.
United States 4's registered declined % in the i
bid price.
Total sales of stocks 414,819 shares, includ- '
Ing: American Steel. 11,200; American Sugar,
24.600; Anaconda, 22,900; Atchison preferred, ,
31. 000; Brooklyn Transit. 61,300; Burlington. 13,
--2. H.: Continental Tobacco, 4S00: Federal Steel,
WOO; Louisville and Nashville. 3000: Manhattan.
16,700; Northern Pacific. 13,100: Reading first '
referred. 4200; Rock Island. 7400; St. Paul. 15.- ;
400: Union Pacific, 3700; Union Pacific preferred.
EM>O; American Cotton Oil, 8700; Brunswick i
Company, 8200: Che-.a_Derke and Ohio. 10.500; i
Chicago Great Western, 3000; Metropolitan. 3600;
Mexican Central, 7600; Missouri Pacific, 44.200;
New York Central, 6000; Pennsylvania, 6500;
Tennessee Coal and Iron. 5900; Texas and Pa
cific. 13,600; Wabash preferred, 7800.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 20 Do prefd 174 '
Do prefd 61% St P A Ora 107
Baltimore & Ohio. 48% Do prefd 175
Canada Pacific — 97% Amn Smelting 35 !
Canada Southern.. 54 . Do prefd 82 '
Cent Pac 52 So Pacific 32 !
,■;._., ft 0hi0..;..: 28% Ho Railway 11% i
Chi & Alton 150 Do prefd 81% \
Chi B & V. 136% Texas A Pacific... 22%
Chi A E 111 73 Union Pacific 43%
Do piefd 121 Do prefd 77%
Chi G W 14% Nor A W prefd .... 70%
Chi Ind A L 10% Wabash 7% !
Do prefd 42 Do prefd 23-. 1
Chi A N W 161% Wheel ALE n«w. g%
Do prefd 194 Do 2d pretd .... 2.'-., !
C C C & St L 58 Express Companies— I
Do prefd 881. Adams Ex 11l
Del A Hudson 122% American Ex ... 137
Del L A W 1... United States . . . . 48
Den A Rio Q 21% Wells Fargo 125
Do prefd 7.V, Miscellaneous —
Erie new 13% A C I Oil 40% ,
Do Ist prefd 37 ■ Do nrefd 92 '
Ft Wayne 1-4 Amn Spirits _ ; 4 :
Gt Nor prefd 17u% Do pref.i %... 2.
Glucose 67% Am Tobacco ;. .7
Illinois Cent 115 Do prefd '.. 142
Lake Erie ft W.... in Pons Gas 18114
Do prefd 76% Com edible C 0...: .179
Lake Shore 200 Col F A 1r0n... __%
Louis ft Nash 7-% I Do prefd li,_
Manhattan I. 118% iGen Electric :t.i:
Met St Ry 222%|Haw Com! Co HO* I
Mich Cent 11l .Fed Steel 59V.'
Minn A St L 54%* Do prefd 81%
Do 2d nrefd — 90% Intnl Paper 421.4 :
Mo Pacific •_>% Do prefd 79
Mobile A Ohio — 44*4 Laclede Gas -.ju
Mo X A T 12% Lead 30 *
Do prefd 34. . Do prefd 112 I
I N 3 Central 11714 Brooklyn R T 113%
N V Central 186% Nat Lin Oil 2* I
N V Chi A St L.. Pacific Mail 48 !
Do Ist prefd 68 (People's Gas 117 . I
Do 2d prefd .... 31 i Pullman Pal 160 ;
Nor West 20%|Silver Cert GO !
No Amer Co 11 ! Standard R AT. 7%
No Pacific .W4 Sugar 15714
Do prefd 77% Do prefd 117%
Ontario & W 26-% TC ft Iron .... 69%
Or Rft Nay pfd.. 7?. : 2 i' 6 Rubber 52
Pac Coast 38 Do prefd 70%
Do Ist prefd .... 84 U S Rubber 52
Do I'd prefd — ?. Do prefd 117".
Pittsburg 154 West Union 90
Reading 20% Ann S A W 55%
Do Ist prefd .... CO% Do prefd #4
r o W "3 Con Tobacco 89%
Do prefd 79 Do prefd 79%
Rock Island 117% Co'.o So 4%
Bt L A S F ........ 16% I Do Ist prefd .... 43%
Do prefd 70U Do 2d prefd .... 16%
Do 2d prefd .... 37-. Nat Steel ...... 51%
St AS W 18% Do prefd ........ 91
Do prefd 35 Tin Plate .......... 38
Et Paul .-...181%
CLOSING BONDS. •
V S Is reg W-H M X A T 2d5...... 68
Do 3s reg 108% Do 4s 93
Do Is coup 109 N V Cent 15t5. .....113
Do new 4k reg... 130 N J Cent gen 55.. 120
Do new 4s coup. l3o No Carolina 6a ..-..127
Do old 4s reg 112 Do 4s 102%
Do old 4s c0up... 112% No Pacific lsts 113
Do 5s reg 112% Do 35.... ....67%
Do Ca coup 112%;. Do 43.. .......103%
Dlst of C 3.65s 119 NYC& St L 45. .1071.
Alabama class .108 Nor & W con 45... 95%
Do 'class B 108 Do gen 6a .135%
Do class C 10S Oregon Nay lsts... 112
Do Currency 98 Do 4s 10-.4
Atchison gen . .102% Oregon S L 6s 132
Do adj 4a 86% Do con 5s 113
Canada So 2ds 11l Reading gen 4s 68**
Ches __ Ohio 4%5... 92% Rio G Went lsts... 99%
Do 5s 119 St LA I M con 55. 114%
Chi A N W con 75. 144% St L & S F gen 6s. 124%
Do S F deb 65... 122% St Paul con 168
Chicago Term 45... 99% St P C & P 15t5. ..121%
Don A Rio G lsts.. 106 Do 5s 121%
Do 4s 100% So Railway 6s 109%
E T V A O 15t5... .1055i Stand R &.T 65... 86
Erie gen 4s 72% Term new set 35... 97
FWA D C lsts... SO Tex A Pac lsts. 116
Gen Electric 55. ...119 Do 2ds '. 56%
G II & S A 6s 113 | Union Pacific 48. .105%
Do 2ds 107 Wabash lsts 116%
H&T Cos 110% Do 2ds 102
Do con 6s 112 West Shore 4s 115
lowa Cent lsts 113 Wis Cent lsts 76%
X C P A G lsts.... 60%|Va Centuries 85%
La new oon 4s 106 Do Deferred S%
LAN unified 45... 98%' Colo Southern 45.. 89%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 24 Ontario 7 00 j
Crown Point 20 Ophlr 90 I
Con Cal & V 1 80 Plymouth 10
Dead wood 60 Quicksilver 2 15 J
Gould A Curry 35 Do prefd 650
Hale & Norcross.. 32 Sierra Nevada 38
Homes. .65 00 Standard 2 00
Iron Silver 50 Union Con 35
Mexican 50 Tel low Jacket 32
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — ' 1 Union Land 8
Call loans 3 ©4 West End 95
Time loans 3%©4% Do prefd 113
Stocks — I Westinghouse El.. 49%
Atch Top ASt Fe. 19% ' Bonds-
Do prefd 61% I Atchison 4s 101 j
American 5ugar.. .157% 1 ' Mining Shares-
Do prefd 118 Adventure 9%
Bell Telephone 343 Allouez Mm Co 8 ,
Boston & Albany.. Atlantic 30%
Boston Elevated... 108% Boston & Mont 370 |
Boston _. Maine... 196 ; Butte A Boston 79
Chi Bur A Q 136% j Calumet A Hec1a..795 i
Ed Elec 111 200 Centennial 34 I
Fitchburg prefd. ...117 Franklin 19%
Gen Electric 119% 1 Humboldt 2%
Federal Steel 69% Osceola 89%
Do prefd 81% Parrott 55 j
Mexican Central... 15% Qulncy 165 j
Michigan Tel 98 Santa Fe Copper... 14%
Old Colony 203 Tamarack 220 !
Old Dominion 3.% Winona 14 |
Rubber 52 Wolverine 46%
Union Pacific...:.. 43% Utah 44% j
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW TORK, July 183— The Commercial Ad- j
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The bank rate was raised % to 3% per cent,
and accordingly three months' bills were quot- !
ed at 3%©3% c, six months' bills at 3%©4 c.
Those rates, however, were really nominal, as
little was done. The loan market was unset- i
tied. Discount houses raised the rate on de- i
posits to 2c at call, 2%e at notice. The mar- ]
ket steadied on the removal of the uncertainty :
about the bank rate, but business was meager,
though the tone was steady. Americans were j
firm till the afternoon when they relapsed on j
New York's failure to buy. New York bought j
at the lower prices, but the close was easy. 1
Tintos. 45% c: Anacondas. ll%c on American I
buying; Boston. 11 11-16; Utahs, 9.
CLOSING.
LONDON, July 13.— Canadian Pacific, 100;
Northern Pacific preferred. 97%; Union Pacific .
preferred, 79%; Atchison, 20%; Grand Trunk,
7%: Anaconda, 11%; bar silver, quiet, 27% d per i
ounce; money, 2% per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July 13.— FLOUR— Receipts, [
20.204; exports. 25,113. A little quieter and a j
shade in buyer's favor, without being quotably |
lower.
HEAT— Receipts, 880,176; exports, 113,409. !
Spot. Eastern No. 2 red. SOc f. o. b. afloat spot ;
No. 1 Nortb»rn Duluth.. Sic f. o. b. afloat spot;
No. 1 hard Duluth, 64c f. 0, b. afloat to ar
rive; No. 2 red, 7S%c elevator. Options opened
steady because ■■' unsatisfactory Liverpool ca- '
bles, rallying later on complaints of too much
rain In the Northwest and also in France. Real- ;
izing orders prompted a final setback and
closed the market %.<.%.• net lower. July, '
78%©79 c; closed. 78% c: September, 78%079c;
closed. 78% c; December, Sot;©So%c; closed,
80% c.
METALS Developments in metals to-day |
were something of a sensational order bo far |
as tin was concerned, a pressing demand from i
consumers and other buyers sending prices 100 !
©102% points higher. The bulge originated in ;
good reports from the West, strong cables and
an unwillingness of holders to make further j
sales pending more definite knowledge on the
situation generally. The other departments
showed sympathetic strength but little price
variations. At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PIGIRON— nominal at $13 60.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, with $18 25 bid
and $18 50 asked.
.TIN — Unsettled and entirely nominal, with ,
$28 90 bid and $29 26 asked.
LEAD— Firm, with $4 60 hid and $( 66 asked, j
The brokers' price for lead is $4 35 and for
copper $18 50. j
SPELTER— Firmer, with $6 25 bid and $6 50
asked.
— Options closed steady, unchanged |
to 5 points higher. Sales. 250 bags, including: .
August, $4 55; September, $4 65; October, $4 71;
March, $.=. 30. Spot coffee Rio. dull but steady;
mild, quiet and steady.
SUGAR Raw, barely steady, tending down- j
ward. Refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7474 packages. Irregu- j
lar; Western creamery, 15018 % c; factory, 12 <
©14V.C * j
EGGS— Receipts, 10,463 packages. Market -
dull; Western. 15015%-. i
;" : CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. July 13.— California dried |
fruits, quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 6%<R>7c;
prime wire tray, B^©B%c; choice, B%©s%c; j
fancy, 9©9% c.
PRUNES— 3%@B%c.
APRICOTS— RovaI. Me; Moorpark. 14®l»c.
PEACHES— 10© lie.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 13. -Wheat opened weak
and lower at 73%©73% c for September, com
pared with yesterday's advance here. This and
the continued large movement of wheat in the
Northwest, seasonable weather and the rather
bearish summary of the Price Current caused
considerable liquidation and a further decline '
to 73% c occurred. This was around put price,
and buying against those privileges arrested
the decline. News in regard to the spring
wheat crop caused considerable apprehension ;
among shorts. Some sections of the Northwest
reported an excess of rain, others too much 1
heat, while North Dakota reported grasshop- '
pers doing considerable damage ln the wheat
fields. This started a general buying move- I
ment and the highest price of the day re
sulted. September reached 74% c and held for
some time at about that figure. The absence |
of demand for cash wheat, unnoticed during the
morning, became a decided weakening feature
In the situation in the afternoon, Berlirt ad- '
vices were to the effect that Russia was offer
ing rye and barley heavily for fall shipment.
As this was contrary to previous Russian ad- |
vices the news was rather discouraging to |
holders and started liquidation, which became 1
heavy toward the close. September gradually
declined to 73%073%c. but rallied under short |
covering to 73% C, which was the closing price.
Corn was moderately active and weak, fol- i
lowing closely the fluctuations of wheat. Sep- I
tember closed %©%c lower.
Oats were firm and higher early. Later -the
market weakened somewhat with wheat. Sep
tember closed %c lower.
Provisions were active and Irregular. The
market advanced sharply early on a good gen- I
eral demand, owing to moderate hog receipts
and higher yard prices. Later a heavy realiz
ing movement carried the prices steadily* down- :
ward. The close was steady, with pork and |
lard 2%e lower and ribs 5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close. I
Wheat No. I—
July 72% 72% 72 72% !
September 73% 74% 73% 73% ,
December 75% 75% 75% 75%
Corn No. 2—
July 34% 31% 34 34
September 34% 34% 34 34
December 33% 23% 33 33%
Oats No. 2—
July 24% 21% 24 24% !
September 20% 20% 20% 20%
May 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
September 935 9 42% 9 17% 920
October 9 47% 950 9 17% 920
Lard, per 100 pounds- -
September 5 52% 555 ' 5 42% 645
October 5 CO 5 60 5 50 6 50
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds -
September 5 27% 630 5 17% 620
October 5 87% 5 37% 525 5 25^
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 69%©72% c; i
No. 2 red. 73074 c; No. 2 corn. 34% .1 .4 • ' - ■ No. |
2 oats. -4%_2..V. NO. 2 white. 27%©25% c; No. |
: 3 white. 24%027%c; No. 2 rye. s?c: NO. 1 flax
seed. 98c; prime timothy seed, $2 4502 50; me?.
pork, per barrel. $8 4009 15; lard, per 100
pounds. $5-2505 37%; short ribs , sides (loose),
$5 0505 20; dry salted shoulders 'boxed.. 5«_«5.
6%c; short clear sides (boxed), $5 4005 45;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon.
I $1 26; sugars, cut loaf, unchanged; granulated,
unchanged.
! Articles Receipts. Shipments.
i Flour, barrels 8,000 17,000
Wheat, bu.hels 94. W0 10.000
Corn, bushels 402,000 ' * 302. j
Oats, bushels .307,000 210,000 1
! Rye. bushels 7,000
Barley, bushels 13,000 1.000 I
! . On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter 1
market was weak. Creameries. 13%@17%c; Dai- !
I ries. 11%_.15%c. Cheese, firmer, B%©9c. Eggs,
I steady, 12% c. 7:';. :-." - • . . ;
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
'Opening 5 8% 5 11 6 0%
Closing 5 8% 5 11 6 0%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— ':••'::•';•' July. Sept. -Dec.
I Opening 20 35 21 05
Closing ..20 45 2123
j Flour- s :.. •»• .'.:••
Opening i.... 44 60 2S 70
I Closing ;...... " 44 SO 28 85
•v. ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1899.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. July 13.— CATTLE— Receipts of
cattle were moderate . to-day and prices 5c to
10c lower. Good to fancy steers, $5 3006 85;
common, $4 6005 26: stockers and feeders, $3 50
©4 90; bulls, stags, cows and heifers, $2 250
5 10; Texas steers. $4 2505 25; calves. $4 50@7.
HOGS— The market for hogs was again excep
tionally ■ good, with prices about 100 higher.
Heavy brought $4 1004 42%; mixed. $4 10©4 40;
light. $4 1504 35; culls. $2 50@4 10; I pigs, $3 35
©4 30.
SHEEP— The demand for sheep was active
and prices steady and unchanged. Sheep were
salable at $2©3 for culls up to $5©5 25 for
prime wethers; yearlings brought $4 9005 50;
lam $3 5006 60.
Receipts— Cattle, 9000; hogs, 23,500; sheep,
9000.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON, July 13.— At the wool auction sales
to-day there was a full attendance of buyers.
Good lines of merinos were offered, the German
and Franch representatives securing the bulk.
Greasy and scoured brought hardening rates
and fine greasy crossbreds were ln good supply,
realizing the highest figures of the series. Me
diums Improved and several deep grown par
cels were taken by America. The number of
bales offered was 13,648. .
CALIFORNIA FRUIT IN LONDON.
LONDON, July 13.— first consignment of
California fruit, which arrived on the steam
ship St. Louis, was In magnificent condition.
It reached Covent Garden eleven hours after
arrival at Southampton, finding ready sales at
I good prices.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July Consols, 106 11-16; silver,
27% d; French rentes, lOlf 7%c: wheat cargoes
oft ' coast, ■ buyers indifferent operators; cargoes
on passage, rather firmer; English country mar-
LIVERPOOL, July WHEAT— wheat,
in Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
i country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 5-16 d.
CLOSING. .
CORN— American mixed spot new, firm, 3s >
6d. Futures quiet; July, 3s 4%d; September.
3b 5%d: October, 3s 6%d.
WHEAT— Steady; July, 8«_d; September,
5s lid; December, 6s %d. j
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS. '
PORTLAND, July 13.— Clearings, $42-.7»0; bal
ances, $40,9.6.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.-
PORTLAND. July 13.— The local wheat mar
ket showed few signs of life to-day, with 58% c
offering for Walla Walla, by some dealers,
with others refusing It at 58c and still another
contingent indifferent about paying over 57c.
Valley, 59060 c; Bluestem, 61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 13.— wheat market was
weaker and prices in Taeoma fell off one cent.
Club, 57c; Bluestem, 60c.
» .
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight : — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 49%©50
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Flintshire takes for Cork 41.996
ctls. valued at $46,196.
The Chicago market opened weak, with a poor
cash demand, and the outlook was for lower
prices. Early buyers selling out caused a
break. Later on much damage by weather was
reported from Minnesota, and this, with dimin
ishing receipts, caused free buying on North
western account, and the market improved.
The local market was off a fraction and
quieter on shipping account. Futures were also
lower.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1O7%01O8%; milling, ,
$1 12%©1 15. !
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock — December— ;
6000 ctls, $1 17.
Second December-10, 000 ctls, 16%;
4000, $116%; 2000, $116; 30,000, $115%; 14.000,
$1 15%.
Regular Morning Session— December— l4,ooo
ctls. $115%; 32,000. $115%; 2000, $116%; 2000,
$1 16.
Afternoon Session — December — 10.000 ctls,
.1 15%. !
BARLEY— Feed opened firm, with sales as
high as fl, but declined later on and closed
• weak at 95097% c. The firmness Is confined to
the spot market owing to limited stocks, but
lots to arrive are very weak.
Feed, new. 95©97% c; Brewing $1 02%@1 07%;
old Brewing, $1 0501 10; Chevalier, $1 1_!%01 15
per ctl. '• • -
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales. ,
Second Session— No sales. §
Regular Morning . Session— Seller '99. new—
20'W ctls. 88% c; SOOO. BS%c; 5000. 88% c. December
— 4000, 91% c; 2000. 91% c.
Afternoon Session— December 2<*v. ctls, 91% c;
20"O 91% c. Seller '99, new— 3000, _B%C.
OATS— Receipts of the new crop are Increas
ing an.l the tendency In prices Is downward.
though' there Is no positive decline. Quoted at
$1 10«_f 1 22% for new red and $1 3501 50 for old.
CORN market Is dull at unchanged
prices. Small round Yellow, $1 3001 35; East
ern large Yellow. $1 1001 15; White. $1 10^1 15;
mixed. $1 10 per ctl; California White. $1 17%
©1 22%.
RYE— Large sales of new are reported at 90©
92% c, Port Crista delivery.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6003 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4003 55; Oregon
and Washington. $3 4003 50 per bblfor extra,
$3 2503 40 for bakers' and $2 2503 for luperflne.
MI LI-STUFFS- in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75. Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornrneal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornrneal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 5004 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. $3 25«3 50: Buck
wheat Flour, $404 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75:
Farina, $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 555.6 95; in sacks, $6 3506 75;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Collection day and liberal receipts made Hay
quieter, though prices showed no change. Feed
stuffs were quoted as before.
BRAN— SI6WI« 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50019 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $21 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27028; Jobbing,
$28 50029; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Cornrneal,
$23 60024 50; Cracked Corn. $24025; Mixed Feed,
$16016; Cottonseed Meal, $24026 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $809 50 for good and $10 for ,
choice; Wheat and Oat. $809; Oat, $7 60©8 50;
Barley, $607: Alfalfa. $607 50 per ton.
STI.AW— 2OO4Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans continue stiff and In demand, though
there Is no further advance.
BEANS-Bayos. $1 9002; Small White, $2©
2 15; Large White. $1 6001 75: Pinks, $202 10;
Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 1004 25; Butters,
nominal; Llmas, $404 10; Pea. $2 1002 25; Red
Kidneys. $2 50 per ctl. .' 7 .  „
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Ye.low
Mustard. 2%@3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 909% c; Rape, 3©3% c;
Hemp, 4%04%c; Timothy. 4%©5% c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 2501 60; Green, fl 50
©2 per ctl. *
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are in better assortment and prices
are weak. Onions show little change from day
to day. The Vegetable market continues lib
erally stocked at about previous quotations.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, $1 5001 65; Peer
less $1 7502 in boxes and $16001 75 In sacks;
Early Rose. $1350175; Burhanks, $16002 10 in
boxes and $1 4001 75 in sacks on the wharf.
ONIONS— New, 15035 c per sack for red and
75050 c per ctl for Sllversklns.
VEGETABLES— 75c05l 50 per box
for ordinary and $1 7502 25 for fancy; Rhubarb,
25@50c per box: Green Peas, 2%c per lb; String
Beans, 103 c: Cabbage, 60c; Tomatoes, 15035 c
per box; Rivers. 7..r05l 25; Stockton. 75@90c;
Egg Plant, $1 2501 50; Green Okra, sOcosl per
box; Garlic, 2®3c: Green Peppers, 50c@$l for
Chile and $101 25 per box for Bell: Carrots. 30©
40c per sack; Bay Cucumbers, 60©75 c: Summer
Squash 25060 c for Bay; Green Corn, 25085 c per
sack for Vacavllle and $1 2501 75 per crate for
Bay.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market Is dull. Stocks are moderate, but
the demand Is poor.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@l2c for Gob
blers and 11012 c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 16
018 c; Geese, per pair, . $101 25; Goslings, $125
$150; Ducks. $2 5004 for old and $405 for
young; Hens, $4 5005 50; young Roosters, $607;
! old Roosters. $404 50; Fryers, $4 6005; Broilers,
$3 s<Kj 4 for large. $2 5003 for small; Plgeous,
$1 2501 50 per dozen for old and $1 2501 75 for
Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There was no further advance In Butter and
Eggs, and In fact the feeling was quieter, as
the rise seems to have checked the demand
somewhat. •
BUTTER—
Creamery . — Fancy Creamery, 20021 c; sec
onds. 19c.
Dairy— Fancy, 17%018c; good to choice. 16©
17c; store, 14015 c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, &%c; old, 7%©Sc;
Young America. ■■ _Mo9c; ■ Eastern, • 13016 c. '
EGGS— 'at 15017% c for store and 200
22c per dozen -for . ranch; Eastern, 16017 c for
No. 1 and 14015 c for seconds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches. $20 for frees and $30 for clings; Apri
cots, $35050 per ton, according to size and qual
ity and district; Bartlett Pears, $40050 per ton;
Green and Yellow Plums, $25 per ton.
Green and Yellow Plums on packing account
are higher. Colored table Plums are In liberal
supply and cheap. Peaches remain about the
.am., and there Is no lack of Apricots in the
local market. Pears are coming in more freely
and some ripe Bartletts are being received.
Cherries are no longer worth quoting. Crab- j
apples are slow of sale, though there are not j
many here. Grapes drag and are green and
undesirable as a rule. Melons are not wanted
much, and the car from Fresno, previously
mentioned, was cleaned up at $10012 per 100.
Berries continue low.
Citrus Fruits of all kinds are quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35c05l per large box; Crabapples, 40
@60c for small and 75c<S$l per large box. ■:>.%■ ■_-.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $304 per chest:
i Strawberries, $306 per chest for small and $150
©2 80 for large berries ; Raspberries. $3 5005 per
chest: Logan berries, $406 per chest.
Cantaloupes. $1 per box and $2 2502 50 per
crate; Nutmegs, $1 75 per box and $202 35 per
crate. '■- •
Grapes, black and white. 75c@$l per crate.
Currants. $406 per chest.
Green Pears. 35@75c per box, according to
size; Bartletts, $101 25 per box. '>:
Nectarines, 60075 c per box for white and 75c j
for red. '.-'.. V» .-"J .■-Vi-
Figs. . 25040 c • for single and 40@75c per box I
for double layers of black and 25©40 c for white.
Apricots, 40085 c per box.
Peaches, 25®60c per box- and 20035 c per bas
ket: Crawfords, 40065 c per box and 35@50c per :
basket. - ■'■. .v •
Plums, 25©40 c per box; Prunes, 25060 c per
crate.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Seedling Oranges, 50c©
fl 50; Valenclas. $103; Lemons. $101 60 for com- ;
mon and $202 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $4; California Limes, 25050 c per small
box; Bananas. $1 5002 50 per bunch; Pineapples.
$102 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
The market for. new fruits Is quiet here be- I
cause there are no arrivals of any consequence,,
but. the New York market is much firmer and
the demand there Is Improving, as will be seen j
ln the first column. - '". , v ' : '
DRIED FRUITS— 6% for 40-60*8, 5c
for 50-60' s, 4c for 60-70' 3%@3%c for 70-80' ,
2%@3%cfor 80-90's, 2%©2% c for 90-100' and I
i 2©2% c for 100-110' Plums, nominal. l%c for :
i unpitted and 4%06c for pitted.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Apricots, 9%@ I
l 10% c for Royals, and 11%@12%c for Moorparks;
Peaches, 7%©8% c; Evaporated Apples, 8%©9% c. ;
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three- j
I crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%@6c for Seedless ;
| Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20 ;
| for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2%©3 c.
i NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts, s©Bc :
! for hardshell. 10011 c for Boftshell: Chile Wal- .
' nuts, 11012 c: Almonds. So9c for hardshell, 12© !
i 13c for softshell. 14016 c for paper-shell; Pea- i
! nuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 4%05c for Calif or- '
; nia: Cocoanuts, $4 5005.
HONEY— Comb. lie ■ for bright and 10c for ,
j light amber; water white extracted, 6%©7% c:
light amber extracted, 6%©6% c; dark, 505%0
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The market continues active and firm, espe
cially for cured meats.
CURED MEATS- Bacon. B%c per lb for
heavy, 909% c for light medium, lie for light. |
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured; ;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%013c; Califor- I
nia Hams, l_'_'l2%e; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl; !
extra Mess Beef. $14: Family Beef. $15016 50;
extra Prime Pork. $12 50; extra clear. $16*50;'
mess, $15015 .0; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%05%c per lb for
compound and 6%®7c for pure; half barrels, :
pure 714 c; 10-lb tins. 7%OSc: 6-lb tins, 808% c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%06%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs. lib pails. 60 in a case. 9%c;
3-lb palls. 20 in a case, S%c: 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case, B%c: 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c: 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c; wooden buckets. 20 j
lbs net. B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net. 7%c; half j
barrels, about. 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell ;
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10©10% c; medium. 9W9%c; light. 9c; j
Cowhides, 9c; Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hldeß. sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf. 17c:
Sheepskin*. shearlings, 20®30c each; short
Wool. 35060 c each: medium, 70090 c; long Wool, '
9Ooosl 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. $202 25 for
large and $1 25-51 50 for small: Colts. 25050 c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4%c per lb; No. i
2, 3(93%c; refined. — -: grease, 202% c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months, 8011 c; Foothill and North
ern free. 11014 c; Foothill and Northern defect- |
ive,' 9011 c: Nevada. 110140; San Joaquin Foot
hill free, 10012 c; do defective, 809 c: Humboldt
and Mendocino, 16%015c: Valley Oregon, 17©
, 18c: Eastern Oregon. 12@14c for choice and 9©
: ll%c for fair to good.
HOPS— IB9B crop, 13©17% c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All descriptions remain about as previously j
quoted. iHfr'4B
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers: ;
BEEF— 7%OS%c per lb for Steers and 6%©7 c
for Cows.
VEAL— BOIIc per lb. ;_•
MUTTON— Wethers, fi%o7c; Ewes. 6c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 7%©Be per lb.
PORK- Live Hogs. s%c.for small, 5".06 c for
medium and 5%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders. 5%c; dressed Hogs. 7©B%c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%c; Wool
Bags. Mo_Se; San Quentln Bags. $4 K.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 60; j
Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $8 50 ln bulk and $9 GO
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14 j
Cannel. $8 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per "ton in bulk and $14 >.
in sacks. ___ _ \ _,
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany has reduced its prices and now quotes, j
terms net cash, in 100-lb bags: Cubes, A i
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Powdered.
5 ; %c; Candy Granulated. 5%c: Dry Granulated,
-.>,„. Confectioners' A. 5%c; California A, 4%-;
Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4%c: Golden C, 4%e; I
barrels l-16c more; half-barrels. %c more:
boxes. %c more: 50-lb bags, %c more. No order I
taken for less than 7:. barrel, or its equivalent.
Dominos, half barrels, 5%c; boxes,, 6%c per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, July 13.
Flour, qr sks 7,641, Wool, basts 220
Wheat. etlß 65 Hops, bales 13
Barley, ctls 8,995 Pelts, bdls 423 j
Oats, ctls 1.990 Hides, No 408!
Butter ctls • 284 Lime, bbls 182 1
Cheese, ctls 179 Sugar, bbls 94 I
Tallow, ctls 218 Sugar, sks .. 2,615
Beans, sks 261 Powder, car .... 1 j
Potatoes, sks ... 3.296 Chicory, bbls .... SO!
Onions, sks 289 Leather, rolls .. 108
Bran, sks 2.215 Eggs, doz 14.700 1
Middlings, sks... 362 Brandy, gals .... 5.650 j
Straw, tons 8 Wine, gals 44,750
Hay. tons 555
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 3.436 Oats, ctls 480 i
. Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches, j
ready for framing.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were, quiet on the Bond Exchange
on the morning session, and the only change
was a slight advance In Paauhau Plantation
from $40 25 to $40 62%. '*.*'.- •' v:-;, ' ■:'-,'r'J\'.'
Prices in the afternoon ruled about the same.
Mining stocks were off again, with the usual
light trading. The telegram from the pump
said: "Elevator No. 1 has been working, con
tinuously. The water rose and fell during the
past twenty-four hours. At 6:30 a. m. to-day
the water was 1 foot below the 1950-foot level
station."
The Central Light. and Power Company has
declared its third monthly dividend of 5 cents
per share, payable on the 20th.
The Firemen's Fund Insurance Company has
declared a quarterly dividend of 3 per cent,
payable on the usual date.
A semi-annual dividend of 3 per cent will be
paid by Wells, Fargo A Co.'s Bank on the 15th.
The Spring. Valley 'Water Company has de
clared a monthly dividend of 42 cents, payable
on the 20th.
The Hutchinson Plantation Company has de
clared a dividend of 25 cents for the month,
payable on the 20th.
The Nevada National Bank has declared a
semi-annual dividend 0f, 3% per cent, payable
on the 15th. .
The El Dorado mine will pay Its first divi
dend of $10,000 on the 20th. ;
Tne Horn Silver mine of -Utah paid a quar
terly dividend of $20, on July 1, making $40,
--000 this year and $5,270,000 to date.
The War Eagle mine of British Columbia
will pay a. dividend of $26,250 on the 15th, mak
ing $183,750 this year and $361,500 to date.
The Highland mine of South Dakota will pay
a dividend of $20,000 on the 15th, making $140,000
this year and $3,924,700 to date.
The Strong mine of Colorado will pay a divi
dend of $25,000 on the 15th, making $175,000 this
year and $700,000 to date.
The Portland mine of Colorado will pay a
dividend of $60,000 on the 15th, making $420,000
this year and $2,257,000 to date. 
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany will pay a quarterly dividend of $1 60 per
share on the 15th. ' - ■ -■ ■ '- .
The First National Bank paid a dividend of
$5 per share for the half year on the 10th.
The Pacific Surety Company has declared a
quarterly dividend of 1% per cent, payable now.
The Gas Consumers'. Association will pay the
usual dividend of 15 cents this month.
In the Belcher mine, on the 100-foot .level,
they commenced during the week to open out a
station for the purpose ! of prospecting, at that
dtpth. On the 1000- foot . level ; the east crosscut
from the main north lateral 1 drift is now out
i 193 feet, 7 feet having : been ; added during the |
'" , v- ; ..;. ; ;»,r°-;-t---:.,;.;V\ t
past week. The face shows porphyry'- On the
1100-foot level they are still engaged in clean
ing out and repairing the Belcher, Crown Point,
and Yellow Jacket north drift. On the 1200-foot
level the raise from east crosscut No. 1 is now
up 42 feet, 10 feet having been added during the
week. The top shows a mixture of quartz and
porphyry. There have been hoisted during the
week and stored In the ore house at the mine
29 mining carloads of ore, the average top car
sample of which shows an assay value of fl2 59
per ton. ■ y !'".»-.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, July 13—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Mutual El Co. 14% 15%
4s quar coup.. — Oakland Gas.. 47% 48%
4s quar reg... — — Pac Gas Imp.. 70% 71%
4s avar new.. — — iPac'L Co — 43
3s quar coup.. loß 109 SF G A E.... 71% 71%
Miscellaneous San Fran 3% —
Cal-st Cab 58.113% — Stockton Gas., U —
C C Wat 55... 110% — Insuranoe—
EL & P 6s....l_u>_ — Firem's Fund. —
F & CI Ry 6s.llsU-t« Bank Stocks— '■'. ■
Geary-st R 6s. — 100 Anglo-Cal .... 63 —
HC & S 5%5.107% — Bank of Ca1.. 285 —
L A Ry 5s — 107% CalS D A T.. - 100
LAL Co 68.. 99 — First Nationl.22o —
Do gntd 65.. 99 ' — Lon P & A. ...129% —
Do gntd 55.. — 103 Mer Exchange — 1«
Market-st .126% — iNev Nat 8k...180 —
Do Ist M Bs. — —■ ! Savings Banks—
NcN (i R 78.109 - ; Ger S & L...1605 . — \
N Ry Cal 65.. 113 114 Hum S A L.1050 1160
N R of Cal 55.113%114% Mutual Say.. — 42%
! N PC R R ss. — — IS F Say U... 512% —
I NPC-RR6s.HI — Is &L So — 86%
i N Cal R R ss.Hl — 'Security SB.— 300
! Oak Transt 6s. 108% — [Union T Co.. — 1465
! Om C Ry 65.. .127 130 I Street Railroads—
:P & CI Ry 6s. — 107% California 116 —
! P & O 6s 115 — Geary 50 —
Powel!-st 65... 118 122% Market-st .... 60% 61%
I Sac El Rv _s. — — .Oak SL & H. — —
SFA N P 55. 113 — Presidio — -•
! S F & S JV55.H4%115 , Powder—
| -u-i-hK Cal 0...1H8 1 .. - California — 166
6Pof A .. 110*4111-'. E Dynamite... — 95 j
Is P C 6stl9i>..).ii2 n_.% Giant Con Co. 72% 74
IS P C 68(1906). — — Vigorlt 2% 3% \
I S P C 6s(1912).118 122% sugar—
I S P C Is eg ss. — 107% Hana P C 0.... 17% 17% i
BPBr 6s — — Haw CArSC. nn 0, >% j
I S V Wat 65... — — Hutch S P Co. 38% U
: S V Wat 45... 104 104% Kllauea _ Co. 30 3..%
,S V W 4s(3dm)loO*i — Makawell SC. 47% 48
, Stktn Gas 65.. 102% — Onomea S Co. 40% 41 I
Water Stocks— Paauhau 8 P. 40% 40% j
■ Contra Costa.. 72% 73 | Miscellaneous—
; Marin Co 50 — Al Pac A55n.. 113% —
' Spring Valley. — 102 Ger Ld Wks.2so — I
| Gas and Electric— Mer Ex Assn. 90 — |
' Capital Gas... — — Oceanic S Co. 91 92 I
I Central G Co.. — — Pac 'A A.... 1% —
| Cent L & P... 6% — ' Pac C Bor So. — 137% j
; Eqult G L Co. 5 5% Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board—
! 15 Alaska Packers' Assn 118 25
30 Contr- Costa Water 72 50 j
j 100Hut.#nson S P Co 33 75
, 125 Makawell 47 75
50 Mutual Electric Light 16 00 !
' 75 Oceanic SSCo .: 90 25 I
| 110 Paauhau S PCo 40 25 I
! 60 Paauhau S P Co. cash 40 25 .
I 100 Paauhau S P Co 40 37% :
' 10 Paauhau SP Co 40 50 I
I 50 Paauhau SP Co 40 62% ,
5 San Francisco Gaslight 3 50
60 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 71 25 j
81000 SPof A bonds U0 50 :
Street— *
1 26 California Safe Deposit 99 00 ,
I f25. 000 Ferries & Cliff H bonds 117 00
| f4OOO S V 4 per cent bonds (3d m0rt)....101 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
! 60 Hutchinson S PCo 33 60
i 140 Makawell 47 75
j f4OOO Market St Ry Con 5 per cent bds..H6 25 j
j 10 Onomea Sugar Co 40 75
< ! 60 Paauhau 8 PCo 40 50 ,
I 50 Paauhau S PCo 40 37% .
i 20 Pacific Gas Imp 7100
1 60 San Francisco Gas A Electric Co 71 60 |
: f3OOO S P of A bonds HO -7%
, f20,000 S V 4 per cent bonds 104 12%
15 Street— Water .10187%
5 Spring Valley Water 101 87%
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Spring Valley Water 102 00
15 Oceanic S S Co -.... 90 00
30 Hutchinson S P Co 38 75
25 Hana Plantation Co 17 62%
23 Mutual Electric Light 15 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Paauhau S P Co 40 37%
2." Paauhau B P Co 40 50
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric CO 71 25
150 Vigorlt Powder 3 12%
25 Market Street Railway 61 12%
: SAN FRANCISCO STOCK. AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Hoard- „v, ,_,
70 Spring Valley Water 102 to
50 Spring Valley Water 10187%
40 Pacific Coast Borax 135 00
20 Contra Costa Water 72 75
20 Oceanic S S Co 90 25
20 Market Street Railway 61 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday: _;t'. '
Morning Session.
200 Andes 16 200 Overman 12
200 Best & Belcher 53 100 Potosi 42
100 Con '■»] & Va.2 05' 600 Potosi 43
100 Crown Point... 25 100 Union Con 39 j
Afternoon Session.
250 Belcher 24 600 Justice 07 [
400 Belcher 23 200 Potosi 42
150 Best & Belcher 521 100 Potosi 43 ;
2 of Bullion 07 100 Sierra Nevada. 61 ;
100 Chollar 23 '"Standard 240
700 Con Cal A Va.2 05 100 Utah 12,
200 Crown Point... 25
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: : /- .;-.'..'•._
Morning Session.
1 200 Belcher 2". 200 Crown Point... 25
NO Belcher 23 300 Ophlr 102%
I 100 Bullion 08 200 Potosi 42 j
1000 Bullion 07 -00 Sierra Nevada. 61 ;
400 Chollar 23 400 Sierra Nevada. 60'
. 250 Con Cal & Va.2 00! - •
Afternoon Session.
600 Alta 08 200 Ophlr 107%
200 Best & Belcher 54 750 Ophlr 1 10
1100 hollar 23 100 Potosi 41
, 200 Con Cal & Va.2 no 200 Potosi 43
;' 100 Con Cnl A Va.2 06 600 Standard 250 I
• 200 Con Cal & Va.2 10 100 Standard 235
100 Ophlr 1 02% 100 Yellow Jacket. 33
< 200 Ophlr 1,05 200 Yellow Jacket.' 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. July 18—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ■'■*■ - s Ask.
i Alpha — 05 Justice 06 .07
] Alta 07 10 Kentuck 03 05
, Andes 17 IS Lady Wash..... 01 02
Belcher 25 26 Mexican 66 68 j
Best A- Belcher 64 55 Ophlr 110 115 1
1 Bullion 06 07 Overman 11 12 |
I Caledonia 66 68 Occidental 22 —
Chollar ........ 23 24 Potosi 43 44 !
Challenge Con. 26 2fi Savage 24 26 |
Confidence .... SO 90 Scorpion 02 03 I
Con Cal & Va.2 05 2 10 Seg Belcher.... 06 ' 08 1
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nevada.' 62 64 ;
Crown Point... 24 26 Silver Hill .... 01 03
Eureka Con .. -- 40 Syndicate — 05 I
Con New York. — 04 Standard —2 40
I Exchequer — 04 St Louis — 16 1
I Gould & Curry 88 40 Union Con 39 40
' Hale & Norcrs 35 37 Utah 11 13 i
i Julia 02 0_ Yellow Jacket. 32 34 !
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. J
George McHenry to Mary McHenry, lot on !
W line of Baker street. 30 N of Geary. N 32:6
by XV 68:9: $10. r .-■.-■-.
Charles Ehn to Glaclnto E. Porta, lot on N
line of McAllister street, ■76 E of Lyon. E 25
by N 100; $10.
Mary C. Simpson to Jessie Gosland. lot on N
line of Golden Gate avenue, 100 E of First,
E 29:11. N 137:6. W 15:6%, S 138:3; $10
James and Emily Carotan to Benjamin C.
Wright lot on SW corner' of Pacific and Wal
nut streets, W 88 by S 100; $10. t
C. H. Greene to M. J. - Lee, Tot on NE line
of Grand avenue. 275 NW of Howard street.
NW 25 by NE 113:4; also lot on W line of
Mason street, 77:6 S of Clay, S 20 by W 57:6;
also lots 79 to 82. block 5,- Academy Tract; $10.
Ida and Raffaello Crovelli' to John E. Gar
diner lot on E line of Stockton street, 24:6 S
of Chestnut. S 22 by E 65; $10. •
James and Catherine Mullan to Arthur Mul
lan, lot on SE line of De. Boom street, 177 NE
of ' Second. NE 23 by SE' 80; gift. .-,-_.;;■'*.
Mary J. Miller to John A. Sellman. lot on E
line of Tenth avenue, 75 S of Clement street, >
S 25 by E 105; $625. .
John W. • and Mary Mulllns to Jacob Heyman,
lot on SW corner of Fori"-eeventh avenue and
J street, W 32:6 by S 100; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz.to John and Mary T.
Feltes, lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 125 S of
L street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Isaac T. Mllllken to Emily F. Arey, lot on
E line of Athens street. '225 N of Brazil. N 75
by E 200. block 72, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Frederick and Annie Kaiser to Henry Flgel.
lot on SE line of Munich street, 75 SW of Rus
sia, SW 100 by SE 100, : block 92, Excelsior
Homestead; $10. . _
James L. and Louie Holland to W. Ogwen
Jones, lots 1 to 17. block 4. De Boom Tract; $10.
* M. McCann to William Flnley, lots 4 and 5,
block 4, Garden Tract - Homestead, quitclaim
deed: $10. ___ .-
John M. and Mary Predergast or Pendergast
to Marie Coleman, lot on S line of Broad. street,
420 E of Plymouth (Marengo). • E 25 by S "125,
lot 3, block H. Railroad Homestead Associa
tion:' _ __
Albert H. and Alice Leaf to Caspar Zwieleln.
lot on NW line of Piedmont (St. Mary) street.
100 SW of . Masonic avenue. SW 126 by NW
125. lots 3 to 7, block 3. Flint Tract: $10.
Caspar and Sophie. Zwierleln to Rachel Cit
ron lot on' SW line of . Masonic avenue, 100
NW of Piedmont (St. Mary) street, NW 25 by
SW 125, lot 3. block 3, Flint Tract Homestead;
$10. -.--..
West Shore < Railway Company to R. Her
man, all rights of way,' etc., ln San Francisco
County and other counties; $- — -. ,
Alameda County.
Theodore and Harriet Olmsted to Ann M.
Snyder, lot on W line of ..Telegraph avenue,
120:3 N of Thirty- (or Brown) street, N
60:1%. XV 149, S 59:11. E 154 to 'beginning, being
lot 15 on Map B of portion of estate of A. C.
Brown, Oakland; $10. - :-*t_*__Sf * } ___il_> l 'lp"<ffpß_^
Ann .M. ' Snyder to Theodore Olmsted, lot on
E line of San Pablo avenue. 56:1 N of Nine
teenth street, N 37:6 by E 77:9, being lot 3 and
S 12 feet of lot 6, block 2002, Hogan Tract,
Oakland; $10.
- Katherine V. Klinkner (executrix estate -of
Charles A. Klinkner) to Pierre Bareiiles. lot
on NW corner of Folsom street and San Pablo
avenue. XV 363.66. N 314.31. . E 364.25, S 334.40 to
beginning, portion of Beaudry and Peladeau
Tract, Oakland; $13,000. ' • rv:^ •.._-.'
Builders' Contracts.
William B. Meckfessei (owner) with P. Grif
fin, (contractor).- architect T. Paterson | Ross.
I All work for a 2-story and basement frame resi
dence on E line of Steiner -street, 55 S of Ful
ton. S 27:6 by E 110; $3868.- '
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and . Low
Waters at Fort Point, . entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, JULY 14.
Sun rises 4:58
Sun sets 7:32
Moon sets 10:39 P. ~.
i
h w II w |h w| |l wj _
3:24 "Til »:ll| IM 4:05 i E.3!10:4o! 1.6
4:83! 3.6 i 9:50j 1.8! 4:42! 5.4 i 11:401 I.J
5-591 3.4! 10:38: 2.4' 5:25) 5.5|
L WJ :H Wl !L W! jH W
0-40! 07' 7:38, 3.4< 11:311 2.8' 6:12 6.7
l:40 ! 0.2 8:58! 3.7 ! 12:36! 3.0' 7:04, «.O
234!— 0.3 5:59 l 4.0 l 1:43| 3.1 8:00| 8.1
3:24j— 0.71 10:44] 4.t 2:44] 3.1 9:0O[ t.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column arid the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number'glven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
July 13. 1899. ■ • • " j; _-
Th*- .Ime ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
j Due.
Portland St. Michael [July 1*
Aloha IPoint Arena (July 14
State California Portland July 14
Point Arena.... l Point Arena July 14
Santa Rosa Pan Dle*o July 15
Pomona |Humboldt July 16
America Maru.. iChlna and Japan July 1«
Coqullle River.. 'Grays Harbor July 16
City of Puebla. 'Victoria <fc Puget Sound July 16
North Fork JHumboldt jJuly 16
Arcata Coos Bay July 16
Wellington 'Departure Bay July 16
A. Blanchard...Coos Ray iJuly 16
Coos Bay Newport ....July 17
rr*s<-eit Clty..[Cr*sc«at city July it
Fulton Portland July IS
Homer St. Michael July 18
Columbia Portland (July 1«
Torrma Pan Diego July 19
Cleveland Pu*et Pound July 1»
Wju"htennw .. . .'Tncnma. (July 19
Oolpn Panama July 20
Bonlta 'Newport IJuly M
Walla Walla... Victoria A Piisret Sound' July 21
City of P.-klnp. China and Japan July 21
Australia ' Honolulu July 21
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. ; Destination, aaus. jri*r.
Coptic China *Japan J July 14, 1 pmIPMSS
Aloha Point Arena.. July 15. S pm Pier 2
i Umatllla . .Vie * Pitt Sd. July 15. 10 amjPler 9
Bonlta . (Newport 'July 15, 9 amlPler 11
Portland ... St. Michael... July 15. 2 pm 1
A Blanch'dlCoos Ray July 17. 6 pmfPler 13
State of Cal Portland July 17. 10 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. lPolnt Arena.. July 17. 2 Pier 2
Santa Rosa Pan Diego . ... July 17, 11 am Pier 11
; San Juan.l Panama July IS. 12 mIPMSS
• Errata Tnw Bay July 1«. 10 amlPier IS
i Pomona ...iHumboldt July 18, 2pm I Pier 9
Poqullle R.lOrajs Harbor] July 19. 2 pm Pier 28
Coos Bay...l Newport ..I.TutyV, Sam Per II
City' PueblalVlc & Pet July 20. 10 am Pier 9
I Corona .... Pan Diego . . ...July 21. 11 amlPlfrr 11
Steamer. I
' Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. July 1...
Stmr Rival, Johnson. 16 hours from Fort
Bragg. '':'*-
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson, 78 hours from New
i port (S). etc.
Stmr ■ State of California, Goodall. 45 hour*
from Portland, via Astoria 38 hours.
Stmr Tillamook. Annndsen. 25 hours from
Fields Landing.
Stmr Glpsv. Shea, 20 hours from Monterey.
! , Ship Aryan. Whittler. 26 days from Honolulu.
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, 26 days from Hono
lulu, o
Schr Guide. Olsen, 8 days from Grays Har
bor. -.--.:• £
Schr Parkersburg. Jorgenson, f day* from
: Coqullle River.
Schr Beulah. Mitchell. 6 day* from Grays
Harbor.
■ Schr Newark, Beck. 17 hours from Bowens
Landing. 5_B"1
CLEARED. .
■Thursday, July 13.
Stmr City of Para. Robinson. Manila, via
Honolulu; D S Government.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins A Co.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. _ .
Stmr Czarina, Seaman. Seattle; E T Kruse.
SAILED.
Thursday. July 13.
Stmr South Coast. . Olsen. Eureka.
Stmr Sunol. Liohlfr. Grays Harbor.
Stair Cleone. Hlgglns. .
Stmr Luella. Miller. Tillamook.
Stmr City of Para, Robinson, Manila, via
Honolulu.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson. .
Stmr Corona. Debney. San Diego.
Stmr Mariposa. Hayward. Honolulu and Syd
ney.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr George Loomls, Badger, Ventura,
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefteld, Taeoma.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Nanaimo.
Br ship Flintshire. Jones, Queenstown.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson, Grays Harbor.
Schr C H Merchant. Olsen. Taeoma.
Schr Mary C. Matsen. Fort Ross.
Schr Falcon. Murchleon. Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary E Foster. Thompson, Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 13, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind west: velocity 14 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Agnes Oswald is rechartered for wheat
to Europe, 32s Sd : option of barley 3,'s.
The Eric loads lumber at Port Blakeley for
Honolulu: William Bowden. lumber at Port
Blakeley for Yokohama. 50s.
The Eva loads sugar at liana for this port.
SPOKEN. ..^_,".
.Tune 6, '.at 15 S, ion 37 XV— Br ship Clan Mac
pherson. from Swansea, for Port Los Angeles.
June 13. lat 23 S. lon 38 W-Br ship Rahane,
from Newcastle. Eng, for San Francisco.
June 22. lat 1 N, lon 25 W— Br ship Duchal
burn. from London.' for San Francisco. ■ .
June 28. lat 4 S. lon 32 W— Br shin Glen
breck. from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Per r.hlp Aryan-June 26, lat 39 42 W, lon 160 5
W, ship Standard, from Honolulu, for San
Francisco.'
June 26. lat 39 42 N. lon 160 5 W— Bark Mohi
can, from Honolulu, for San Francisco.
July 12, lat 38 58 N. lon 125 51 W— Schr Robert
Lewers, from Eureka, for Honolulu.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. July 12— Br bark Melfort at Val
paraiso from Santa Rosalia, has been surveyed.
Bottom bulged and plates bent. Repairs will
cost £1200.
LONDON. July 13— Fremantle telegraphs Br
ship City of York, hence April 13. for Freman
tle totally wrecked on Rottnest Island. Cap
tain and eleven of crew drowned.
.^..MEMORANDUM.
Per Irmgard— June 12, 200 miles west of San
Francisco passed bktn Archer, from Honolulu
for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT REYES— Passed July 13— Bktn Irm
gard, from Honolulu, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived July 13— Schr
Corinthian, hence July 11.
POINT i ARENA— July 13— Stmr Alea
traz,^ for Redondo.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 11— Schr C T
Hill, for Ventura. July Schr La Glronde,
for San '• Francisco. .
TACOMA— Sailed July 12— Schr W H Talbot,
for Taku.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 12— Stmr Scotia,
from Rock port.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed July 13— Br stmr
Elm Branch, for. Port Blakeley.
KILLISNOO— Arrived June 27— Schr Honolpu,
hence June 13. to sail July 4 for Honolulu. _
CASPAR— SaiIed July 13— Schr Abble. for San
Pedro. ' '■■
USAL— Arrived July 13— Stmr Newsboy, hence
July 12. ►>■ -••-.■■;
Sailed July 13— Stmr Navarro, for San Pedro.
FORT ROSS— Arrived July 13— Schr Nettle
Sundborg. hence July 11.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed July 13— Stmr Alca
zar, ' for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July Stmr Noyo,
hence July 12.
EUREKA— July 12— Stmr. North Fork,
hence July 11. . ■ •
Sailed July 12— Stmr - Tillamook, for — .
July 13— Schr Mabel Gray, for .
Passed July 13— Schr Dewey, in tow of tug
Maggie, from Nehalem . River, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived July 13— Stmr Fulton,
hence July 7. July 12— Schr Pioneer, hence
June 29. . • ■ ..
SEATTLE — Arrived July 13 — Stmr Willa- ;
mette, hence July 10.
 FOREIGN PORTS. •
ANTWERP—Arrived July 9— Br shit) Was
dale.from Portland.
PANAMA— Arrived June 29— Stmr Costa Rica,
AUCTION SALES.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE OF 25 HEAD OF
v STANDARD-BRED HORSES,
From 5 to 7 years old. at Kull's Btables. 226
Fourteenth street, between Howard and Mis
sion, at 11 o'clock. FRIDAY. July 21. To be
sold without reserve to close out an extra lot
of fine animals formerly owned and bred by
Captain Harris. ' They are from standard mares
by such sires as Fordstan 22.129. by Elec
tioneer 125 and Dawn 6407 (record , 21 **''
by Nutwood 600. B. B. BRYAN. Agent.
from Champerico. July I— Stmr City of Syd-
ney. ■ hence June 8. - ' ' ■ ■_ , _ -._
DESASTRA-Arrlved July 3-Schr Vine, hnc
April 25.. '. . __. __,
TYNE— Arrived July 12— Br ship King Ed-
ward, from Oregon.
\ ~: - "TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— July 13— Stmr Ger-
manic, from Liverpool.
Sailed July 13— Stmr Bremen, for Bremen,
via I Southampton. - «' ' '- ■ . ■
LIVERPOOI.— July 13— Stmr Rhyn-
land. from Philadelphia (not previously).
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July Stmr Brit-
annic, from New York, for Liverpool.
OCEAN TRAVEL* _______
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca v
%___ Steamers leave Broadway
M___i wharf, San Francisco:
Bg «____ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
__PP_jfe___t July 15. 20, 25. 30, August 4.
!___. I___n__-1 change at Seattle,
i iS«sfiSW^_ii For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
Mm |__a___Hl c.), Port Townsend. Seattle,
f^^^__fi._____ Taeoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. July 15, 20. 25 30.
August 4. and every fifth day . thereafter,
change at Seattle to this company s steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Taeoma to N. - •
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ».,.-»
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Juiy
13, 18. 23, 28, August 2, and every -_*■ aa ?
thereafter. _~,-.-~-
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucoe, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) ana
Newport. - a. rrt.. July 15. 19. 23. 2.. 31. Au-
gust 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obleipo), Santa Barbara. Fort
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. July 13. 17. 21. 25. --D. August 2, and every
fourth day thereafter. »__-___»_..
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa J* 0 * 8 "*
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. .th of each
month. .'.''.' _,'."_i___.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing. _._._
lICKKT .'••'KICK —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). "_ __
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen^Agts.
10 Market St., San Francisco. _
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE ri _ i .r*t -is.. ._ciu.:n« i»ort!.«
rflnC vk s-con. C*n-* and Meal*.
Columbia sails July 22. .__
State of California sails July 17. 27.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., .
Superintendent.
PACIFIC COASTJTEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMER UMATILLA,
Sailing from San Francisco JULY 15,
Will connect at Seattle with the North Ameri-
can Trading and Transportation Company*
steamer Roanoke for ST. MICHAELS, GOLO-
VIN BAY CAPE NOME and all points on tha
YUKON RIVER.
Through rate* quoted, through ticket* so.d.
through bill* of lading given.
TICKET OFFICE. 4 New Montgomery s_
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR ST. MICHAEL. GOLOVIN BAY. CAPE
NOME. DAWSON AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
The New Steamers
BERTHA and PORTLAND
Will leave San Francisco between 15th and
20th of July for above points, making prompt
connections with our river steamers on the
Yukon River. . . .
For freight, passage and further information
apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
310 Sansome St.. San Francisco, Cal.
AMERICAN LINE.
"NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every* Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul July 19 St. Paul August 1*
New York August 2 New York.. . August 23
St. Louis August 91 St. Louis August 30
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Friesland July 19' Westernland ...Aug. 9
Adrla July 26 Kensington Aug.
Southwark ..August 2 1 Noordland Aug. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding Trelght and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA. >
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m , for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hioga). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting .at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board- on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MART' .....Saturday. July 22
HONGKONG MART* ..Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ANCHOR LIINE
United States Mail Steamshioa
Sail from New York Every Saturday ?3.>
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
6a!oon P_.«__.. $50 and upward.
• Second Cabin V:
City of Rome. $33. Other Steamers. 930
Steerage Passage
Rome. 925.50. Furnessla. *24-50. Other
Strs.. *23.30.
For Book of Tours and information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS. '
General Agents. 7 Bowling Green. New York.
Or J. F. FUGAZI. Montgomery st.,
Orl* F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery »_.
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery «♦
BAN FRANCISCO.
_4fi_l__ M W lß ßfl-TfrV Th " S - S - Australia
JUli'iUknHfU|aiß Falls fp r Honolulu
_a___% «__!_ m% *" Wednesday. July 2-..
©IPflUlf Tha R *■ Australia
3EHHIL sal!s fnr Honolulu
rfc lr """"^' Wednesday. July 2«.
(_>*f^li^ S 8 Moana sails
SlEßinSnD^ via Honolulu and
JUSSmW G^m.2«i... A "<-klard for Sydn-w
(pme.fz_h^' AugUst c^
Favorite Line Round the World, via HawaH.
Samoa. New Zealand, I Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc. ; $610 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomer,
Pier 7, Foot Pacific SL Freight Office. 327 Market St.
COMPASNIS GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQUB.
DIRECT- LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _^_ as _
bulling every Saturday at 10 a. ,m. -<*_s___>
from Pier 42, North River, foot of ,a *M-«S_
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE. July 22; LA _____
COGNE. July 29; LA -TOURAINE. August 5:
LA CHAMPAGNE, August 12; LA BRE-
TAGNE, . August 19. First-class to Havre. $65
and upward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broadway
(Hudson building), New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
BAY AND . VEB ST__A__.EB.S-
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a m
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 n ' m*
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamer-
leave ' Washington-street wharf at 6 d m
daily (excepting Sunday). .':
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP CO
■ Telephone Main SOS. ■ ,
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello." A
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat at 9-4.
a. m.. 3:15, S:3O p. m. (ex. Thurs. night) ' Fri-
days. Ip. m. and .8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Do^k
Pier No. 2.. Telephone Main 1508. -v - IJOCK '
FARE g^NEWS I
of the Bay Cities. $
»»t»x»„»„ •?>* <?> *<? #<•>-*<•> *$>*<§>*♦ I
QUEER CHARGES
MADE AGAINST
TRUSTEE MORIES
Suit Filed by John R.
Johnson.
— —
SEEKS TRUSTEE'S REMOVAL
— ♦ —
ALLEGES THAT MONEY ON DE
POSIT HAS DISAPPEARED.
♦
Claims Dr. Mories Misappropriated
Money and a Holy Bible, Also
Two Diamond Shirt
Studs.
♦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 13.
A Holy Bible is made one of the bones
of contention in a suit filed in the Supe
rior Court this afternoon by John R.
Johnson, wherein the latter seeks the re
moval of Dr. A. H. Mories, an Alameda
dentist, as trustee of the $10,000 estate of
Mrs. Mary J. Clifton, who died in Chi
cago, lli., June 11, 1893. Dr. Mories hcs
been cited to appear before Judge Hall
next Monday. .
Johnson is the only surviving son of
Mrs. Clifton, and under the terms of her
last will, dated October 10, 1892, the entire
estate, consist!) of $1005. on deposit in
the Union Savings Bank; $580 75 other per
sonal property and real property at the
northwest corner of Clay and Ninth
st-eets, worth $SSOO, is bequeathed to Dr.
Mories In trust for the son. Mories is
named as executor without bonds and
with full power to sell. The trustee, who
is also named as executor, is instructed
to reserve as compensation for his serv
ices 6 per cent of the gross income of the
estate, and after all claims are settled he
is ordered to pay all necessary expenses
of the son or beneficiary. The -will was
probated on June 26. 1883. and on October
6 1894, the estate was distributed to Mo
ries as trustee.
In Johnson's complaint, prepared by At
torney J. E. McElrath, grave charges of
misappropriations are alleged. Plaintiff
nvers that since January 1, 1899, Mories
should have received $180 as rent of the
real property and $20 as dividends from
money in bank, but that he has paid him
but $65, leaving $125 balance due, less com
mission. , -._.
Continuing, plaintiff alleges: "That Mo
ries has not any sum In the Union Sav
ings Bank or any other bank to his credit
as' trustee, but petitioner is advised and
believes that said lories has used and
appropriated said money to his own use
and fraudulently pretends that the money
Is In the bank." . ._.___.
Charges are also made that Mories has
wrongfully and illegally and for his own
profit appropriated considerable . silver
ware, gold watches, rings and two dia
monds—the latter being now worn by htm
as shirt studs.
Also, "That Mories has as an orna
mental book only, ln his parlor, the Holy
Bible that belong to petitioner's mother,
which Is a book of very exquisite manu
facture worth $25, but the divine precepts
of which said Mori-?- never consults.
"Th it Mories pretended to sell the per
sonal property distributed to him as trus
tee, out instead of so doing purchased at
his own sale, which was private and
without notice, much of the furniture and
property of the estate for much less than.
the appraised value. Also, that he has in
his possession a lot of rare coins, worth
$25, and belonging to the estate, of which
he never rendered an account."
Johnson avers that he is now- sick and
in need of medicine and proper treatment
and clothing, on account of which $500
should be drawn from the principal of the
6St£lt6.
He asks that the trustee be cited; that
he render an account and that he be re
quired to pay the income due petitioner as
provided for in his mother's will, and
finally that Mories be removed as trus
tee.
FUTURE ACQUISITIONS
OF THE SANTA FE
OAKLAND, July 13.— The statement
published in The Call this morning that
the Santa Fe "controlled" the electric
btreet system of Oakland has caused
much comment and brought forth some
denials that, although the ownership of
the syndicate railroad by the Santa Fe
must 'naturally come about in the future,
it is not yet an accomplished fact.
Secretary Taylor of the syndicate roads
admitted to-day that the cars of all tho
branches of the syndicate lines are to be
painted the same color as the cars of the
Santa Fe system; but he also declared
that he took his orders from the transit
company and not from the Santa Fe.
Chief Engineer Story of the Valley Rail
road also says that the Santa Fe has not
yet acquired the streetcar lines of Oak
land.
■frame Manager Bissell of the Santa Fc
was recently in San Francisco and de
clared that owing to the unexpected diffi
culties ln constructing me of the tun
nels on the Valley road the Santa Fe
would not this year at least negotiate for
the purchase of the little California and
Nevada Railroad, which runs from Em
eryville Into Contra Costa County.
Discussing this Important matter the
Enquirer says:
The best that can be Mid of the story is
that It Is a little premature. Possibly the
Banta Fe may some day control the syndicate
system at Oakland street railways. Even now
that railroad corporation may have Its eye on
tbe system But in view of Its refusal to con
sider the matter Of a terminal in Oakland, or
if buying up the California and Nevada Rail
rood's franchise until parly next year, tt
seems Improbable ... local street car sys
tem has been acquired aire:
Th. article In The Call which has cre
ated such Interest was not only based on
certain facts within its knowledge but on
many other conditions, the existence of
which has long been known to Oakland
ens. •"..'-. '...'
CORN CROP THREATENED.
Unknown Disease Attacks Bay Farm
Island Fields.
ALAMEDA. JuIy 13.— Horticultural Com
missioner Pryal has discovered a disease
which threatens the sweet corn, crop of
this side of the bay. The discovery was
made to-day during the Commissioner's
visit to Bay Farm Island, where corn is
raised ln abundance for the San Francisco
market. . .
The disease is in the shape of a fun
gus growth, which attaches itself to the
stalk and apparently saps the life out of
the plant. It swells into peculiar forms.
Is covered with a skin of greenish color
and the inside is of a black powdery sub-
stance.
Mr. Pryal says ho has never seen any
thing of the kind In the State, and is at
a loss to account for It. ' It has done great
damage in the cornfields where it has
made its appearance, and unless its
spread is checked it la liable to create
havoc.
Jeffries to Box To-Night.
OAKLAND. July 13.— Friday night will
be boxing night at the Reliance Athletic
Club. James .J. Jeffries, the champion,
will spar four rounds with his brother
Jack. There will be three or four ten
round contests for decisions, and will be
as follows; Kid Mlno of San Francisco
vs. Al Kohen of San Francisco, weight
120 pounds; Joe Keating of Oakland vs.
Henry Martin of Oakland, weight 145
pounds; George Savage of San Francisco
vs. Charles Vlckers of San Francisco,
weight 133 pounds, and George Baker of
Denver vs. Kid Johnson of San Francisco,
weight 125 pounds.
Given a-may with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
rtadv for framing,
J — " ■- — ' — — r >*
Oakland, Berkeley,
AWAIT GREAT
ANNUAL ACT OF
E. BLACK RYAN
Railroad Values to Be
Equalized.
LOCAL LINES ON THE ROLL
— —
THE STATE BOARD OBLIGINGLY
TAKES THEM OFF.
. ♦
The Corporation Has Not Kept Its
Pledge to Take Certain Mat
ters Into the Courts for
Settlement.
♦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July. 13.
E. Black Ryan will be on hand next
week to perform his great annual act be
fore the Supervisors. Mr. Ryan's act is
a specialty which no one can perform
with equal grace, agility and equanimity.
It Is the duty of Mr. E. Black Ryan,
tax agent of the Southern Pacific, to
prove that the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company and all Its tentacles are In the
throes of poverty; that they are bank
rupt; that' none of Its bondholders are
making anything out of the road; that
its property Is worthless, and that it
would be a charitable act on the part
of the county of Alameda to remit all
or nearly all of its 'taxes and allow the
railroad company to pursue its poverty
stricken way ln peace.
Mr. Ryan has studied his part so thor
oughly M.at he has long been perfect.
An audience can always be depended
on to witness and decry his performance.
In Oakland his particular efforts are di
rected to proving that the Seventh street
local line, which carries more passengers
than any other seven miles of railroad
this side of Chicago, is not in existence;
that it is simply a part of the company s
main line system, although an overland
train or even a Haywards local has
never passed over It during all the days
of its existence. On the contrary, It is
a street railroad pure and simple, for
traffic over which the corporation sell*
five-cent tickets, only it has them marked
to Fruitvale or to Alameda to evade the
law requiring them not to charge trans
portation within the limits of the city of
Oakland.
County Assessor Dalton always places
these wealthy properties on the assess
ment roll, and in many Instances the
State Board of Equalization has decided
that the local lines are being doubly as
sessed, as it is the province of the State
Board to assess all railway lines in Cali
fornia. _ _
Last year the Supervisors voted to sus
tain Mr. Dalton, but on the part of Su
pervisor Mitchell a signed statement was
made by him declaring that he voted with
the understanding that the railroad com
pany should take the matter into the
courts and test the question once for all.
This has not been done and consequently.
Mr Mitchell is bound to vote to sustain
the Assessor on all disputed assessments.
Sitting as a Board of Equalization to
day. the Supervisors reduced the assess
ment of Irving C. Lewis from $8260 to
$5000 Lewis showed that the property ,
had changed hands within a year for
$6500. ___; _
ROSSETER MUST PAY *
BOARD FOR HIS DOGS
OAKLAND, July 13.— 1n the long pend
ing suit of Sander versus Rosseter,
brought on an assigned claim from Dr.
Diete, an Alameda veterinarian, for
boarding several of defendant's hounds,
Judge Ogden has given plaintiff Judg
ment for $7:. and costs. The defense set
up the plea that Diete was not a regu
larly licensed veterinarian, but it. devel
oped that Diete had afterward secured a
license from the State Board of Veteri
narians, which board was created by the
act of 1893. The constitutionality of this
act was next attacked, and although
judgment was given for plaintiff, the
court ruled, according to the Interpreta
tion of defendant's attorney, that the act
of 1593 is unconstitutional, and that the
State board could not legally give Diete
a license, practically holding the board
to be non esse.
Lieutenant Graham Married.
BERKELEY, July 13.— Miss Marie Kent
and Lieutenant James Malcolm Graham,
0 S A., were married at St. Paul
Church last night at 8:80 o'clock. Both
bride and groom are well known and pop
ular in university circles. Lieutenant
Graham is a son of General Graham,
former commandant at the Presidio, lie
has Just returned from military duty at
Porto Rico. The ushers were Lieuten
ants Ball. Noyes, McConnelly and Hirsh.
Miss Eethel Kent was maid of honor
and W M. Graham best man. The brides
maids were Misses Augusta and Kathleen
Kent.
After the- ceremony a reception was ten
dered the immediate relatives of the bride
and groom at the home of the former's
parents, at 1115 Jackson street, after
which the newly married pair departed on
their wedding tour. ,„ .," . , 
Lieutenant Graham will depart for Ma
nila with his regiment, the Ninteenth In
fantry, on the 24th of this month.
Deserting Husband Located.
OAKLAND, July 13.— David Jacobs,
the tailor who suddenly disappeared
about six months ago, deserting his wife
and children, has been located in Seat
tle and the deserted woman has asked
Chief of Police Hodgkins to assist in
bringing the husband back to her. There
being no criminal charges against Jacobs,
Chief Hodgkins advised the deserted wife
that he could not order him taken Into
custody.
Father and Sen Now 111.
OAKLAND, July 13.— An additional
misfortune has visited the home of Al
fred Wllkie, the tenor, who has been
critically ill from typhoid fever th.- past
eight weeks. His son, Fred Wllkie, is
now ill. and his symptoms are very like
those experienced by the elder Wilkie,
whose condition is unchanged to-day.
Charged With Grand Larceny.
OAKLAND. July 13.— W. W. Ellis was
arrested to-night on complaint of Con
tractor Benson charging him with grand
larceny in having collected some $200 from
the Board of Public Works as part pay
ment for gravel which Benson has con
tracted to furnish the city and refusing
to turn the money over to him.
May Remove Drawing Teacher.
OAKLAND, July 13.— Ooddard Gale,
teacher of drawing ln the Central School,
was excused as a juror in the Police
Court to-day because he Is not a citizen.
As a result, his right to be a teacher in
the schools is questionable and will be
investigated.
De Fremery Estate Appraisers.
OAKLAND, July 13.— Judge Hall to
day appointed B. C. Cuvelier, W. C. B. de
Fremery and Charles H. Spear as ap
§ raisers of the estate of the. late James
c Fremery.
Simson Tract as a Park.
OAKLAND, July 13.— The Twenty-third
Avenue Improvement Association • has
opened a campaign in favor of acquiring
the Simson Tract as a park site. It will
ask the Council to call an election' to
vote on bonds for the purchase.
Officers of Fraternal Orders. j
ALAMEDA, July Columbia Lodge
No. 40; I. O. 0. F., installed its new board I
of officers last evening. The Installation |
ceremonies were conducted by E. J. Pe
vans. E. D. Randlett and P. Chrlstensen. |
Following are the- new officers: -
George A. Caswell, noble grand; John Gold
stone, vice grand; L. E. Fleishman, recording
secretary; George T. Morris, financial secre
tary; ii. W. 8. Downs, warden; Arthur G.
Burns. • conductor; J. •R. . Harry, chaplain;
James Torso-.fr S. N. GjEdgar Xotmg, J*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1899.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
INSANITY CLAIMS YOUTH AND
BEAUTY, AGE AND BLINDNESS
X /?v AKLAND, July 13.— Superior
•° i- if. Vv\ Judge Hall today committed
♦ ll II two women to the Napa Insane
*? \__-_sJ Asylum. Both are most pttl
* able cases. In one Insanity has
V claimed Mrs. Millie^ Golden, a blind
i» patient in the Adult Home on Tele
_• graph avenue. In the other the reason
O of a bright, vivacious young Spanish
-8 senorita, Miss A. Estava, has been de
is throned, and the police, who found her
§ wandering about on the streets after
,*• midnight, are considerably puzzled as
O to her antecedents.
•' Miss Estava came to Oakland some
O time last night, and for fully an hour
*2 -walked up and down in front of the
, Blake block. She was neatly dressed
V in a rich black silk, and her fingers
% were adorned by numerous valuable
Q rings. Her queer antics arrested the
** attention of the police and she was
,0 taken to the City Prison, where she
_* declined to make known her name or
?• residence. She stated, however, that
$ she wished to call on a Mrs. Kahn
iS and a Mrs. Hoffman, but when offered
D
©♦;.>..> *.♦ -?♦ ?**- ?•♦ *•"•" *.♦'♦ ♦"•♦ BW
S N G. ; A V. Fisher, R. S. V. G. : A. D.
White. L. B. V. G. : W. D. Pierce. R. S. S. ;
Charles Coffin, L. 8. 8. ; William Jenkins, In
side guardian: Otto Runge, outside guardian.
A banquet followed the installation.
Spruce Camp No! 32, Woodmen of the
World, also installed officers last evening
and entertained a large number of visit
ing Woodmen at a banquet. The list of
officers installed has already been pub
lished in The Call.
Stricken at His Own Doorway.
ALAMEDA, July 13.-Colonel P. T. Dick
inson was stricken with apoplexy Tuesday
at his home, 1623 Willow street, and his
condition is critical. Although he com
plained in the morning of not feeling well
he spent the day attending to some, busi
ness affairs in San Francisco. On his
way home in the afternoon he became
dazed on the train and had to be assisted
from the station to his residence. When
he reached his doorway he fell, and had
to be carried to his bed. His right side
Is entirely paralyzed and he has lost the
power of speech.
©OSiOSJOKO '.CO ?! C. ? < D?-0<%0_?;0_.0 .
_
PRETTY WEDDING
IN EDEN TOWNSHIP
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 13.
THE prettiest summer wedding
San Leandro has witnessed for a
long time was the union last night
of Emilie D. Leldel and John A.
Holmgren. The ceremony was per
formed by Rev. Dr. Woods In the
large parlors decorated in pink and
green.
The bride Is the niece of L. Palm-,
tag of Haywards, where she has lived
some years and where she is deserved
ly .popular, no social or fraternal
function in -Eden Township being
complete without her. John A.
Holmgren is the son of Dr. Holmgren
an escort In the person of a handsome
officer she changed her mind and began
prattling at random over imagined
fancies, riches and gay lovers, and made
complaint over hotel charges at the
Grand In San Francisco. Captain
Peterson promptly telephoned to the
Grand and learned that the pretty
senorita of twenty-two summers had
been ordered out of the hotel on ac
count of her strange actions and that
she had registered as Miss A. Estava.
She was removed to the Receiving
Hospital. In a lady's bag which she
carefully guarded were found papers
and documents in Spanish, also . a
marriage certificate of Marcos Mesa,
aged 60, and Ruiigio Sanchez, aged 40,
dated at San Jose, June 4, 1877, and
signed by Anthony Gletz. Afterward
she claimed that her parents died
eight years ago at Dos Angeles and
that she had just come from there for
a "good time." But again she would
cry that her father, Don Gonzales
Estava, was living and would kill her
should he hear of her strange experi
RESCUED LINER PARIS
HAS REACHED FALMOUTH
FALMOUTH, July 13.— 0n entering the
tidal harbor to-day the steamer Paris, re
cently aground on the Manacles, under
the influence of wind and tide became
temporarily unmanageable. ' Her stern
swung round and struck the end of a
wooden pier upon which a large crowd
had gathered. The pier shook n from end
to end. The spectators became panic
stricken and made an ugly rush for es
cape. Ultimately control of the, ship was
regained and she was safely anchored.
Superintendent Aisbet of the wrecking
companies gave a representative of tit.
Associated Press to-day a contribution
of a startling nature to the controversy as
to the cause of the wrecks on the Mana
cles. He said:
"In bringing the Paris to Falmouth she
1 narrowly escaped a big Manacle rock.
'*Q?:.C\o' # .v \C- % O 88 0 88 0_8.0^v^C•^©
of San Francisco. He Is one of the
leading merchants of the. township,
his principal place of business being
in San Leandro.
The bride wore an elegant dress of
gray silk crepe trimmed with real
lace. %'?/<£* ■•i-s.
Miss Millie Nauert was the pretty
bridesmaid. Henry C. Wehr sup
ported the groom.
Among the guests were: .Mr. and
Mrs. - Dr. Holmgren of San Fran
cisco, Mrs. Judson, Mr. and Mrs. Üb
hoff, Mrs. Watson, Mrs. Louise Smith,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Heyer, Miss
Millie Nauert. Miss Alice Judson, Ed
ward Judson, Miss L. Übhoff and
Charles Übhoff.
Haywards, Fraitvale
ence. When taken before the com
mitting magistrate she emphatically
refused to give any further Informa
tion, expressing." only 'a willingness to
take the consequences.
No less in degree of sadness is the
case of Mrs. Millie Golden, aged 55
years: For several months past at the
Home for the Adult Blind she has
shown signs of a mental breakdown.
She realizes her condition and says
that she Is losing her mind by de
grees. "Six years ago I was divorced
from my husband," said Mrs. Golden,
"because he tailed to provide for me.
A year later I lost my eyesight. Dr.
Cornwall said it was because there
was too much acid ln my system, and
now my mind is gradually weakening.
1 am getting so that I destroy my
clothing and want to get away because
. I imagine men are trying to get Into
my room." All last night Mrs. Golden
sat up in a chair, refusing to lie down,
for she cannot sleep, and the asylum,
where she might be treated, is now her
only hope.
: It was ebb tide, with a northerly wind
blowing, which would naturally take the
vessel south; but we found her getting
nearer and nearer the Manacles until
i within 400 yards of them, whereas we
j ought to have been a mile to the south
ward. Things looked queer for a time,
but we altered our tactics and cleared the
rock. From what 1 have seen during the
past six weeks, I am confident some mys
terious current draws the vessels toward
the rocks. While working on the Paris
we warned numberless vessels of the
danger they were in."
FOUND A NEW-MADE
GRAVE ON HIS FARM
SAN JOSE, July 13.— Charles T. Boots
of the Elmwood stock farm was walk
ing through a brushy part of the farm
late this afternoon, when he saw a man
and woman in the willows on the bank
of the Coyote River, who hurried away
upon his approach.
On going to the spot he saw an open
grave in the loose, sandy soil. It is
supposed if they had not been observed
some one would have been buried there
during the night, perhaps a victim of
foul play, and possibly to save funeral
expenses.
EXECUTED IN SPITE
OF HABEAS CORPUS WRIT
KANSAS CITY, July 13.— A dispatch to
the Times from Goodland, I. T.. states
that William Going, the Choctaw mur
derer, whose Indian name is Walla To
naka, was executed at 2 o'clock this afer
noon at Aliklchi, in the Choctaw Nation.
The scene of the execution is over thirty
five miles from Goodland, the nearest tele
graph station. The correspondent reports
that the execution took place in spite of
a writ of habeas corpus issued by Federal
Judge John It. Thomas of Tulsa. The
Choctaw Judge ordered the Sheriff to ig
nore the writ and execute the order of the
tribal court.
BENJAMIN MAXHAM BURIED.
He Was a Noted Gambler During the
Gold Excitement.
NEW YORK, July 13.— A special dis
patch to the Tribune from Cleveland
says: Benjamin D. Maxham. the wealthy
philanthropist who died at Vlneland Sun
day from injuries received by a fall, was
buried to-day.
Mr. Maxham was prominent in the
West in the exciting times incident to the
gold fever of the early '60's, ami his reck
less but successful plunges at faro famed
him as one of the greatest gamblers of
the day. The gain or loss of $50,000 at
cards In a night was a title to him, and
at one time he owned over fifty faro
banks in San Francisco and Virginia
City, Mont.
«. , , .
HELD FOR MANSLAUGHTER.
Policeman Ardell Charged With
Killing Dan Donnelly.
FRESNO, July 13.— 1n the preliminary
examination this morning of Policeman
Tony Rice and Charles Ardell, charged
with the killing of Dan Donnelly In th*»
tenderloin district some time ago, Rice
was held for trial on a charge of man
slaughter, with bail fixed at $3000. Ardell
was discharged.
This is the second preliminary for Rice
and Ardell. A week ago both were ac
quitted before Recorder Cosgrave, but
District Attorney Everets had them re
arrested and brought before Justice St.
John, with the above result.
Fatally Shot by Robbers.
SPOKANE, Wash.. July 13.— Matt Scott
was held up, robbed and shot about 11
o'clock this evening by two masked high
waymen near the Northern Pacific round
house. He died a half hour later.
Bounty to Be Abolished.
LONDON, July 14.— The French bounty
on sugar, according to the Paris corre
spondent of the Daily Mail, will be abol
ished in October of next year.
Died From Heat.
CHICAGO, July 13.— The combined heat
and humidity caused one death and three
prostrations to-day. The death was that
of Miss Mary Cashlll. •
The Door the Index to the Home—
A whole page of half-tones in next
Sunday's Call, -;.; ' ." . -^ "
FELL IN AND
OUT OF LOVE
VERY QUICKLY
Aged Mr. Boardman
Is Forgetful.
9
LOVED A SWISS LAUNDRESS
— • —
MRS. GLADSTONE'S CLAIM IS
WITHOUT FOUNDATION.
♦
The Capitalist Very Much Surprised
That the .elderly Widow
Should Ask Half a
Million.
•
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
DOS Broadway, July 13.
The story of aged Mr. Boardman's loves
has not been half told. It has not been
one-quarter told. According to a former
statement of Mr. Boardman and ultimate
developments, only one twenty-second part
of the romances of his affections has yet
been unfolded.
The many acquaintances of the amorous
old gentleman are not surprised that Mrs.
Elizabeth Gladstone should want half a
million dollars for her wounded heart.
They would be less surprised if half a
dozen others should appear, each claiming
a substantial salve for broken affections.
It has now developed that on the very
afternoon of the day on which aged Mr.
Boardman led the handsome young high
school girl to the altar he proposed to
the lovely young daughter of his Swiss
washerwoman. This pretty little maiden
absolutely refused to have anything to
do with the man nearly five times her
age, and said that death would be prefer
able to such a union. Considerably an
noyed with this rebuff, the old man went
back to Miss Walker and hurriedly com
mitted matrimony.
The youthful Mrs. Boardman says that
she Is surprised that Mrs. Gladstone who
is almost an octogenarian herself, should
have brought suit against her husband.
The girl-wife says she has known Mrs.
Gladstone for a long time— even before
the death of the second Mrs. Boardman
four months ago. She says Mrs. Glad
stone even came to their house and con
gratulated her on her marriage, hut said
not one word about the fearful crevasse
in her own heart which she now declares
can only be closed by a half-million dollar
plaster. _ *,
Mr. Boardman. who, like Mrs. Glad
stone, has had three spouses, but, unlike
her, is not the parent of seventeen chil
dren, admits a faint recollection of a
certain Mrs. Gladstone, but he ridicules
the idea that he ever loved her or that
he ever Intended to marry her.
This is partly borne out by Mr. Board
man's oft-repeated statement prior to his
marriage to Blanche Walker, in which he
said that the girl for him must not be
more than 17 and that she must be a
plump little damsel. When he did marry
he calmly said that it would be folly to
suppose that he was drawn into the
wedding by Blanche's mother, because
Blanche was but one of twenty girls any
one of whom he could have for a wife.
Mrs. Gladstone and the Swiss washing
girl make up the twenty-two to -Whom
Boardman made love between February
the day of his wife's death, and June 4.
the date of his third marriage.
Mr. Boardman is not having everything
his own way snee he married. In addition
to the discharging of the men cleaning
the house by the mother-in-law. there
have been other differences of opinion.
Only a few days ago Mr. Boardman pur
chased some shades for his house. With
his usual economy, he bought shades of
a very cheap pattern. This did not suit
his aristocratic mother-in-law, and half
an hour later she appeared at the store
demanding that the shades be changed for
a quality more in keeping with the pre
tensions of a man who is supposed to be
worth nearly half a million dollars.
So far nothing has been heard about Mr.
Boardman having made a will. It is
known that there is one heir in this Stat
and many more in the East, and It is ex
pected that before long the courts will be
teeming with litigation arising from the
romantic marriage of the 75-year-old man
and the 17-year-old schoolgirl.
UNION LEAGUE CLUB
RECEIVES A WINDFALL
Mrs. Stanford's Generosity Relieves
It of a Very Considerable
Debt.
Another act of generosity on the part
of Mrs. June Stanford came to light Wed
nesday through resolutions adopted by
the directors of the Union League Club on
the 21»th of last month, which have only
just now been made public.
Many years ago Mr. Stanford subscribed
for llfty $10 bonds issued by the club. For
a time the interest was regularly paid
upon them, but finally, owing to financial
distress, the interest was allowed to lapse
until it amounted to quite a sum.
Just before her departure for Europe
last May the matter came to the notice of
Mrs. Stanford as she was going over her
affairs previous to her leaving. It was as
certained that the financial standing of
the club had Improved and that there was
no necessity to worry about any interest
connected with any of its bonds. Mrs.
Stanford thought the matter over, and
coming to the conclusion that, notwith
standing the club's improved financial
condition, a little present would not be
amiss she voluntarily surrendered not only
the unpaid interest, but the bonds as well,
thus relieving the club from considerable
of its Indebtedness.
The following are the resolutions adopt
ed by the directors of the club to express
their gratitude to their benefactress:
Whereas Mrs. Jane L. Stanford has sur
rendered to this club fifty (50) bonds heretofore
Issued by the club in denominations or sums
of ten ($10) dollars each without any com
pensation therefor, and has also voluntarily re
linquished her right to the unpaid interest
thereon and whereas, the surrender of the
said bonds and the unpaid Interest Is a per
sonal gift of Mrs. Stanford, and, moreover, of
most estimable value, accompanies therewith
her kindest wishes to the club. Therefore be
Resolved That the Union League Club of Pan
Francisco,' through its board of directors,
hereby expresses Its sincere appreciation of the
generosity and kindness of Mrs. Stanford as
indicated by the facts above noted.
Resolved, further. That a copy of these reso
lutions be conveyed to Mrs. Stanford, together
with the good will and best wishes of the club,
and with the hope that her health and happi
ness may be ever commensurate with the ex
alted character of her kind and generous deeds.
Galindo Held for Trial.
Charles Galindo was held by United
States Commissioner Heacock yesterday
for trial on a charge of selling a bottle
of wine without the war stamp required
by law. Galindo keeps a saloon at 626
Washington street, and sold a newsboy a
bottle of claret. The boy and the bottle
were seized at the door for evidence by
Deputy Internal Revenue Collector Thom
as Chandler.
Galindo was released on furnishing a
bond for $150. .1;.
Home From Honolulu.
PORT ANGELES, July 13.— United
States training ship Adams reached here
early this morning direct from Honolulu.
The passage was without Incident." This
afternoon was spent in target practice
under steam within the harbor. She will
remain here about ten days and then
visit other Sound ports. v .....; -
Uprising in Peru.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA, July 13.— An uprising in the
southern provinces of Peru Is spreading.
The Government has sent 500 infantry and
cavalrymen into tbe rebellious district.
I NEWS !
,>;■;■;■ .:,-_ -;-_.-_: *
% of the Bay Cities,. J
&> *
MAYOR SHOW
AND DO, PARDEE
HAVE A TALK
Miller Promised a
Second Texm.
— ♦- —
MR. SNOW HAS FORGOTTEN
— — ♦ —
REFERENCE TO A MEETING
BEFORE ELECTION.
— — ♦
The Recent Bitter Misunderstanding
Is Now in a Fair Way to
Be Amicably Ad
justed.
♦- — .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 13.
An effort having been made to prove
that Mayor Snow had promised to' reap
point Street Superintendent Miller in case
of his . defeat for City Engineer, the
Mayor to-day issued the following written
opinion referring to the subject:
"Dr. Pardee never asked me during the
last municipal campaign to vote for Mr.
Miller for Superintendent of Streets, DOT
since the campaign for that matter.
"We were all taking it for granted that
Mr. Miller would be elected City Engineer
and were working for the election of the
whole ticket.
"No bargain was made between the doc
tor and myself for his support of the
ticket nor for any man on It.
"There was some difference between us
as to campaign methods, and the result
was that the doctor and Mr. Dalton
fought the battle in their own way and I
mine.
"No. I made no statement concerning
Mr. Miller's future to either of the gentle
men. I would certainly remember it if I
did, and I have no recollection of Mr. Mil
ler being mentioned except as City Engi
neer." __ .
Dr. Pardee remains silent. He refuses
to be interviewed on the proposition, de
claring that to the best of his belief there
have been misquotations made in regard
to the question of reappointing Mr. Miller.
Mayor Snow and Dr. Pardee met to
night and discussed the statements oft
repeated that the Mayor had once prom
ised to re-elect Mr. Miller Superintendent
of Streets.
Dr. Pardee called to his honor s memory
what he said was a fact that at a gath
ering at the doctor's home prior to the
last election the matter of Miller had
been discussed. Mr. Miller was then run
ning on the same ticket as Snow for City
Engineer. There was some talk that
Miller might be defeated, and Mr. Snow
said that if he (Snow) were elected Mayor
and Miller was defeated the latter would
retain his job as Superintendent of
Streets. This is Dr. Pardee's statement.
The Mayor told the doctor that he did
not recollect the conversation or anything
that he had said that might be construed
into such a meaning. .._.._.
To-night's meeting was brought by the
Mayor calling on Dr. Pardee.
J|i9s#ist-.
SELBORNESCHOOL
For Boys,
SAN RAFAEL,
This school will ' reopen on August 29, with
handsome new buildings heated by steam and.
lißhtetl by electricity. Every pupil has sepa-
rate room, choice of bedrooms on first and sec-
end floors Steam from outside, no furnace, no
stoves no flues In boys' quarters. The nearest
approach to a fire-pro I school. For catalogues.
testimonials and references apply to the prin-
cipal? REV. CHARLES HITCHCOCK, San
Rafael. '
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
MENLO PARK, SAN MATEO COUNTY. CAI*.
is rebuilding with all modern Improvements.
Will be thoroughly equipped and begin lta
ninth year August 15th. Beautiful surround-
ings, home Influences. Offers superior advan-
tage* for the care and thorough training ot
boys. Accredited at the universities.
IRA O. HOITT. Ph. P.. Principal.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO, CAL.— FOUNDED A. D. 1868.
by the late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer. D.D.
For catalogue and Illustrated circular address
REV. XV. A. BREWER. A. 8..
* .-: ";■ Rector and Head Master.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
SAN JOSE. CALIFORNIA
Will resume studies on WEDNESDAY, August
2. 1599.
SACRED HE ART ACADEMY
MENLO PARK.
CONDUCTED BY THE LADIES OF TUB
Sacred Heart. Term opens August 2d. For
particulars apply to the MOTHER SUPERIOR.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day school for young
ladies. 21-6 California St.. San Francisco, will
reopen August 7. Accredited to universities.
Seminary and full conservatory music. Pri-
mary department for children. Carriage will
call. REV. EDWARD B CHURCH. A. M.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.— Grants
diplomas and confers degrees. Hare oppor-
tunities offered in music, art and elocution.
One hour from San Francisco. Write for
catalogue to Mrs. C. T. Mills. President.
Mills College P. 0., Alameda Co., Cal.
Thirty-third year. Fal'. term opens August
j, 1899. _____
HOLMES' College of Oratory— opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin. Journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 Instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg. S.F.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great J
\ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY,
A £fe 1051 __._ -- - ST. -et. _7t_. S.F.C-1. J
T Of The Largest Anatomical Mu.eum in the \
A ___J&__-_. World. Weaknesses or an/ contracted m
V __\jS_\_ jaw ponlH-ely cured hythe oldest __
$ i_s Sal Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 year.. 9
iflfggl DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ >_(______.! Consultation free and strictly private. _.
A I YJW If Tr« " ment personally or by letter. AM
W a iff tjl I Foa.tive Curein every ease undertaken. T
Ami lift Write for Book. Pnil-OSOFnif or A
fI I 11 MAURI MAILED FREE. !Af
\ Jl ii' valuable book for men ) A
f DR. JORDAN CO.. 1051 Market St., S.F. ¥
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABK _f Established
In 1894 for the treatment of Privata
Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Dlfcea-ea. The doctorcures when
others fill. Try him. Charges low.
CnreiEuaraßteed. CiJlorwrite,
__>r . J. I"- UIBBOX. Boa. i_ s7. Sat; Francisca
_ t fflS.D-WEY.STRON.&CO._ < gas.
li "PATENTS. J
V^ r^^i_____r-_____a____-_p_---_-^£^i#
X_M^33Q MARKET ST. S.F.
'"' - ■in^'fi^Tf.miriTr^Fi^HfiMiiWCi
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 32 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery treet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
2.7 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
613 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, ' corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 o'clock.
300 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 5 o'clock.
MEETINGS —
CALIFORNIA Commandry No. 1, K. T., *_
Masonic Temple, Post and Montgomery 'j^j'S
Regular assembly THIS . (FRI- 9~S
DAY') EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Or- Kg)
der of Red Cross. All fraters are cor- ▼
d lolly Invited.
SIR JOHN TONNINGSEN, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection *¥f*
No. I— Regular meeting THIS EVEN- A
ING at & o'clock. D. 13. &_\
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary- -_=_-»
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. A
M.— THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at A
7:30 o'clock, 3 D. Master Masons cor-_S__jP
dlally Invited By order of the W. M. f^r >
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
I — - =
MEETING NOTICES.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company. No.
821 Market St., San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 18th day of July. 1599, at the
hour of 2 p. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
—___——^*^**______rT__T_r_T_^T__Tr__r^^^^ M '^ M^^ WM '
ACCOUNTANTS.
B. K. BALLARD. 401 St., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms, ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
JIAGUTRB & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) • have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 825-855 Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. BSO Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free: no fees In advance.
I I - ! '
BOARD AND ROOKS.
AT 415 First st. — Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor. .
ATLAS, 1001 Sutter— New, beautifully furnished i
sunny' suites, single r., reas.; board optional. j
LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market— 2 bed- j
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op. |
O'FARRELL, 742— Large front room; running .
water: home cooking; also single rms.. $20 up.
POWELL. 809 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union |
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches. j
ROOMS with or without board at 232 Haight :
st., near Buchanan: one. $20; two, $35; grand j
view; Haight St. cars pass door.
SUTTER. Lovely sunny roui-s with board; j
pretty garden: home corking.'
f '
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY would like child to board; good home.
1415 Lyon st.
.REFINED, experienced nurse has a comfort-
able home for Infants; $10 mo. 531 A Castro st.
f - ■ —.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
BATHHOUSE at Redding; 3 bath rooms and
living rooms; rent $25; cost $l(h'0; will •' : '-
for $050: first-class chance for a barber. Call
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s4so; DRY' goods, notions and fancy store,
with living rooms; rent 114; good paying;
stock worth the money; owner to leave. R.
G. WILKE, 9J6 Market St.
A—DEATH of owner cause of great sacrifice;
saloon with mercantile lunch; established
years: rent free; splendid paying; lease; close
to Market and Second sts.; investigate at
once. R. G. WILKE 906 Market st.
$500; SAI_£>ON. about 50 feet f rom Call build-
ing, rent ISO; doing a good paying business;
owner to leave the city. Call R. G. WILKE,
'.'O6 Market st.
A_s4oo; SALOON, with 3 living rooms; estab-
lished many years and doing a rushing busi-
ness; located between packing and wholesale
houses. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
$6000— CORNER grocery and bar; very best lo-
cation; few blocks north of Market and Jones
sts ; flrst-i lass cash custom; horse and
wagon: owner to make a trip to Europe cause
cf sale. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— sBso; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis-
sion; living rooms: rent low; lease; a j
tlrst-clase paving place; no better offer for
man and wife. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Mar-
ket st.
$1500 — COFFEE saloon and chophouse, oppo-
site ferry: crowded during meal hours: steady
run all da: old established plac#. well fur-
nished; a good-paying business; Al bargain.
M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market St. ;
$2000— CORNER grocery and bar; living rooms; t
horse and wagon; unexceptional location;
value ln stock and fixtures; best class cash
custom; big bar trade; proof furnished. M.
LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
f 125— CIGAR store; principal street; central; j
value it. sight; splendid business ; actually I
given away: investigate; satisfy yourself. M. \
LESS & CO., 765 Market st. I
|6C0 — CORNER saloon; heart city, near Market
St.; stock, fixtures and monthly income would
justify investment of $1200; trial given; no
better proof; rare offer. M. LESS & CO., 765
Market st. j
MILK ranch; city limits; 32 cows. 3 horses, ;
wagons, etc. ; large poultry business in con-
nection; old-established concern; 22 cans milk; i
private trade; owner has made a fortune j
there; place is coining money to-day; full in- ,
vestigation if you mean business; must sell.
M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market St. j
CORNER cigar stand; best bargain In the j
city; on account of departure. McLAUGH- !
LIN -- CO.. 777.4 Market st. j
$2-. LAUNDRY route with good horse and
wagon: other business cause of sale. Mc-
LAUOHLIN & CO., 777.. Market st.
1250— PARTNER wanted in saloon requiring the i
attention of 2 men; part cash If desired. Mc- j
LAUGH LIN & CO., 777. Market St.
PARTNER wanted in light business; $15
to $-" a week; trial given: no experience re- \
quired. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st. ]
$500 CANDY store; fine location; doing good I
business; parties going to Europe and will j
make sacrifice JONES & CO.. 865 Market st. :
AN — To buy, coal yard; cheap for cash;
location central. BASILE, 3 Eddy st
— GROCERY, general merchandise, hay
ar.d grain; horse and wagon; cause of sale,
mining. Address Call branch office, San
Jose, Cal. j
FOR sale First-class fitted up saloon near
Market st. Apply at 14 Mason St., -bet. 2 and ;
6 p. m.
MISSION st.; Glen Park; n»w car line; the
best grocery corner lot for sale. 433 Kearny.
FOR sale— A fruit store, with horse and wagon;
paying business. 209 1 , i Second st.
PARTNER wanted in old-established ment !
market. Box 4574, Call.
CIGAR store for sale cheap. Call at 312 Third
street. .
SHOE shop; pays well: low rent: good prices; ]
must be sold; make offer. 332 Bush st.
RESTAURANT for sale. 202 Ninth st.
TWENTY-SECOND and Castro sts.— Store fix-
tures for groceries and bar. Key 325. , Mission.
WANTED— A man partner, with $200. 30 Han-
nah St., Oakland.
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery and bar; cheap.
S. XV., cor. Eleventh and Mission sts.
AN OPPORTUNITY.
Wanted— An ambitious, energetic saloon
man as partner; old-established location; long
lease; 'd"; no agents. Address, in confidence,
Brewery, box 4584, Call office.
MILLINERY' business; established 18 years;
good city and good location; fine fixtures;
good stock; owner is leaving State; must sell;
value in sight. Call room 2, 3007H Market st.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage- and
pork-packing business for sale In one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars Inquire at this office.
WANTED — Saloon south of market, east of
Fifth; cheap for cash; no agents. Box 4801.
Call office. __^
SALOON and- lunch house for sale at 150 First
St., corner Natoma; no agents.
FOR Eale Coffee, tea, crockery and notion
store for sale; must be sold soon as possible;
cause sickness: a very good chance; stand 14
yearn; no agents. Apply 1176 Harrison st.
FOR — Coffee, tea, • crockery and notion
store for sale; must be sold soon as possible:
cause sickness: a very good chance: -stand 14
years; no agents. Apply 3376 Harrison st.
CLOTHING, boot and shoe and furnishing
goods business in thrifty condition; 60 miles
rom San Francisco; fine climate and good
business point. Box 4565, Call office. -
SALOON, best location, water front; account
sickness. LEMLE, LEVY _. CO.. 266 3d st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnaed.
GOOD opening for business man with little
money. KILLETT, 1309 Broadway. Oakland.
GROCERY and bar; well stocked; cheap. Ap-
ply WICHMAN, LUTGEN & CO.. 320 Clay st.
HAIRDRESSING store; good stock and fix-
tures; must sell; sickness. Box 4591. Call.
TO sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON, 783 V. Market st.
SALOON and 6-room lodging house, completely
furnished, for sale. 80 Jackson st.
SI 60—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY, 611 Sacramento St.; tel. Main 1836.
SALOON with good business in good location.
Inquire 729 Montgomery st.. room 9.
GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San
Pablo aye.. Oakland;, no agents.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A- CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harnes*,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
300 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN You become disgusted with pcor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-3.17 Tehama. St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L JONES.
800 McAllister St.. cor. Larkin; tel. Mint 1001.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
j teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
' J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
'453 Stevenson st.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
i CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
, STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 944.
J E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.: cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission .4.
U. F. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.: tel. Mint 31b.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 326.
" CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
i curt for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
1 Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MADAME JOHNSON, the >!;?tin-rulshed clatr-
vovant and medium, has arrived, and will
hold meetings Thursday. Friday and Satur-
day evenings. July 13, 14. 15. Pythian Castle,
909 Market street; admission 10c.
WONDERFUL success; Mme. Cllngman, from
New York scientific palmistry, astrologist;
readings, 60c and jl. 513 Tenth st.. Oakland.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
INSULT on matters of business, health and
happiness LAJHI, the Psychic. 120 A Eddy st.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 12.
■ MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
j MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2S Sixth St.. rooms --3.
! RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
! cards; satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1328 Mission.
' YOUR future told by cards, 25c ; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkln St.. room 6.
! MME AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
j card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; -■>-.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
! band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O Farrell st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CAPP. 1030. nr. Twenty-sixth— Sunny cottage
3 rooms, yard, hot and cold water. ?7.
DENTISTS.
_£2__R TrsrH-GGINS* Dental Parlors, 927
Market st over Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from Jl; other fillings, from oOc;
plates, from %i 50; flesh colored plates, from
$5- porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from S3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays. _^
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate: fill-
ings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set So;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st . cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crown..
S3 50 up; plates, extractions free, *4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9a. m. to 10 p. m. Sunday. . to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
DR GEORGE XV. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns, $'.'; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, S3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
! FULL set of teeth. Si; fillings, 25c up: gold
crowns, S3; gold bridges, $5 up: painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
Y( IRK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
DR LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
; VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, SOc up; crowns,
*.. up; open evenings. 850 Market st.
1 SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
! DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESS -
! 387 GEARY St.— Dresses made. $5 up; dresses
made over: perfect fit; organdies and lawns.
EDUCATIONAL.
' ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping., business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers: day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
i HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
I sical culture. Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin Journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering • corrected; 15 instructors; degrees con-
ferred- day and evening classes. Address sec-
j retary for catalogue, Odd Fellows' bldg., S.F.
' AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
j ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
; even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, archi.; day & eve.;
est.' 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
PRIVATE lessons given in telegraphy; terms
reasonable. Box 4815, Call Office.
| BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing:
I day & night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
. THE Studio 1033 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet, English and German, 50c lesson.
I ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons, S5 mo. ; top flat. 514 Hayes st:
! PIANO lessons by a competent teacher; ten
years' experience; 50c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
: "EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
! mess College. 3C5 Larkln st.. opp. City Hall.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
I JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Office Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 3921.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED —
YOUNG woman desires a position to take care
of children while traveling In return for fare
to New York, Havre or Paris:, best refer-
ences. Call or address 1602 Webster. Oakland.
GERMAN girl wants situation to do second
work. Inquire at 680 Ash aye.. between Mc-
i Allister and Fulton sts., near Buchanan.
i LADY barber desires engagements at residence,
j shampooing and haircutting; ladies and chil-
dren only. Address box 4579, Call office.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes posi-
tion as companion; no objection to country.
E. M., box 4580, Call office^ ■
] LADY wants situation; housekeeper; city or
i country: or take charge hotel. Box 4866, Call.
! MIDDLE-AGED German lady would like situa-
i tion ar housekeeper in country. 139 Clara st.
j GERMAN woman wishes situation; general
| housework. 62S Bryant st.
i GOOD dinner and order cook wants situation
! ln restaurant. 228 Natoma st.
EXPERIENCED German cook wishes situation
in private family; city or short distance ln
country; good reference: will do small wash-
ing. 748 Howard St.. near Third.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted ln large
rooming house; security and references; thor-
oughly competent and honest. F., 4596, Call.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes to do light
housework; good cook and housekeeper. 136
Fifth st., near Howard.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged lady with - little
girl 11 years old wishes a position as work-
ing housekeeper; best of references; no
i trlflers. Call or address 532 - Sixth st.
. '"" " --"-- ~ ■ ~ ;- ";
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1899.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —
GOOD German girl wishes situation to do
upstairs work or general housework; wages
$20. Address or call at 1U Leavenworth st.
DANISH girl wishes any kind of work by the
day. 3331 Fulton st.
SITUATION wanted by good German cook to
do cooking and some housework; country
only. 348 Third st. '
AUTHORS MSS. and legal work carefully and
accurately typewriten by experienced busi-
ness woman. Address 387 Jersey St., near
Castro.
• NEAT girl wishes a place; upstairs work or
assist in housework and children. Call 2120
Lombard St.. near Fillmore; call 2 days.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to SI 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
WOMAN wishes work by the 'day; houseclean-
ing washing or ironing; hand.y with sewing.
2245 Mission st. ' ■
EMPLOYMENT AVANTED Male.
PROF. WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
'phone Red 2211, 315 Stoc' ton st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
I A SOBER middle-aged man wants position to
make himself useful about place; city or
country: good driver, ' gardener; can milk;
handy with tools. Address R. G., 1649, Everett
st., Alameda, Cab "'
YOUNG Jai>aneses wishes work of any kind
for few hours in early morning. K. M., box
4577, Call office.
BY young man of five years' experience, quick
and accurate, position as bookkeeper or
clerk; references. Address Box 4596, Call.
WANTED Window or house cleaning or other
work; have 8 hours every day to spare; city
reference. ANDERSEN. 952 Bush St., tele-
phone East 963.
BUTLER with first-class references wishes
position. Box 4597, Call office.
I 0 A TBfJNQ °* the Classified Advertising |
rti i nU/wo Deparf wi u note that §
THE CLASSIFICATIONS ARE NOW ARRANGED IN |
I ALPHABETICAL ORDER. f y
S #;sssss3__sss3?7sssss^^
j_
ELDERLY man would like a place as gardener
or man about the place; years of experience.
Box 4592. Call office. .
PRACTICAL gardener, understands business
in all branches. Is a good horseman, wishes
I situation. Address Box 4586, Call office.
ELDERLY German wisnes a place as bar-
keeper in a hotel or saloon, city or country;
wages moderate. Box 4552, Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman,
with the best of references, who understands
the care of fine horses, cows, garden work,
is handy with tools and has porter experience,
desires position. Box 4SIO, Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation as porter In ho-
tel or store; city or country: excellent testi-
monials; wages moderate. Box 4d99. Call.
W A.NTED— A position ln wholesale house by
an honest, sober and Industrious young man.
not afraid of work. Box 4820. Call Office.
MARRIED man who Is willing to work wants
a position by the year as foreman in a ._.-»_
or ranch; is capable of taking charge: refer-
ences given. Address GEO. E. RICE. Rio
Vist Cal.
AN honest young man of good character wishes
to learn the hardware business; best of ref-
erences furnished. Box 4819, Call.
WANTED— Position as night watchman by
married man, aged 4S; references. A. WEIN-
GENT, 916 Howard st.
POSITION wanted in Turkish bath sanitarium
i or hospital by first-class masseur; recognized
by medical authority and willing to stand
examination. Address box 4579. Call.
__-_-____——-- LET.
BOWIE aye., 6— A flat of 3 bay-window rooms;
cheap rent to a small family.
BUSH, 1209.4— F1at, 4 rooms; rent $10; water
free. Apply 123 18 Bush st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN &. HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FULTON, 146 — Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16. ;
HARRISON. 704. near Third— comfortable
sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath; $16. ,
MODERN 5-room flat. 135 Ash aye.. bet. Polk,
Van Ness, McAllister and Fulton.
NEW flat. 5 rooms, bath; yard, cellar and
stable; rent $18. 38 Sharon St.. between Fif-
teenth and Sixteenth, Church and Sanchez.
j NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe sts.;
lovely sunny 5-room flat; modern Improve-
ments; rent $17; water free.
j SEVENTH, 454, corner Bryant— 6 sunny rooms;
cheap. Apply between 1 and 3.
SEYMOUR aye., 18. near Scott and Golden
Gate aye.— Handsome new sunny upper flat;
! 6 rooms and bath; $25. -
\ TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near Castro— Sunny s-
room flat: modern; rent $15; water free.
i 4 ROOMS and bath; large cellar; large flower
garden. 1230 Laguna. cor. Ellis. Inquire 1221.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
i TAPESTRY' Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
SOc. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnlehed In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
I "
HELP WANTED— Agents.
! CANVASSERS and agents wanted, ladies or
gents, for an article that will pay 300 per
cent profit; something new. 927 Market St.,
room 330.
4 GOOD male or female solicitors. Room 63,
Flood building Sunday, 3:30 to 4:30; Mon-
day, 12 to 1.
~ HELP WANTED —
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...Phone Grant 155
Waitresses for Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
many other resorts and for best commercial
hotel's, also for city, $20 to $25; chambermaid
to wait, south, $20, fare paid; chambermaid.
Port Harford, $20; plain laundress for hotel
acroßS the bay, $20; 2 restaurant waitresses,
$6.
FAMILY ORDERS.
Girls for cooking and general housework,
city and country, $15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. .
SCANDINAVIAN or German girl who thorough-
ly understands the care of children and can
do some sewing, $30; must have references.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
HOUSEWORK. Alameda, $25. MJSS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
FANCY Ironer, $30, city. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
GERMAN cook. $35^ MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, light housework, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt. .
COOK for men. $25 to $30. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WANTED— Scandinavian cook, 2 in family, $25;
meat and pastry cook for nice place, $40; 2
lroners, $30 and $35; waitress for resort, $25;
cook, country, $30; 3 German second girls,
$20; 2 neat nurses, $20 and $25; nurse for In-
valid. $20; cook for small restaurant, $35; 2
hotel waitresses, $22 50; girls for housework,
city and country. $20 and $25; young girls,
$12 and $15. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st.
WOMAN to do plain washing and cleaning,
country hotel, $20, see party here: cook,
small Institution, $20; waitress, small Insti-
tution, $20. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st. .
COOK for private family, 4 in family. 2 in
help, $20; cook, $15; also one at $25; German
girl for general housework, Berkeley. NEW
EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 751 Market St.;
Phone Black 3911. ■ ■
WANTED — Waitress for small country hotel;
steady place at $20 per month. W. D. EWER
& CO., 626 Clay st. - v
WANTED— of fine personal appearance,
educated, experienced, as typewriter, stenog-
rapher and eventually assistant cashier; must
invest $500 in guaranteed 10 per cent dividend
stock of $100,000 bond company. Box 4576, Call.
WANTED— girl to take care of a child. Ap-
ply at 1319 Ellis et. from 9 to 12 a. m.
WANTED— middle-aged woman to assist In
a small family. Call at 116 Russ st.
YOUNG neat girl to assist ln light housework; '
wages $10. 1820 O'Farrell St.
YOUNG girl, French, preferred, for family of
■ 2. Call 606 Hyde st.
WANTED— First-class cook; must . understand
German cooking; city references. Apply- 2211
Washington St., bet. 10:30 and 11:30 and 2 and .
S to-day. . I
 HELP WANTED —
YOUNG girl for light work; good home; $7.
1022% Hyde st. ■ ■' - ■
RESPECTABLE girl for light housework; ref-
erences. Apply LOAN OFFICE, 77 Fourth St.
YOUNG German girl for light housework.
Call, 2 p. m., 616.i Lombard st.
APPLY Immediately. California Canneries
Co., Ltd., Brannan st., between Third and
Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd.,
Brannan St.. between Third and Fourth.
GERMAN girl for housework; good place; $20.
41$ Powell st. . - -
WANTED— Neat girl for housework. 451 Guer-
rero st. ...
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework and
children. 1303 Page St., near Lyon.
WANTED— girl for light housework;
must sleep at home. 720H Ivy aye.
WANTED— German girl or woman for general
housework In small family; no wash; easy
place and good home. Call, after 9 a. m.,
306- Grove ■ st. -
AGENTS wanted— gentlemen; benevo-
lent work. 606 Montgomery st., room 16.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers; good
pay; steady work. NEWBAUER BROS., 18
First st. -
: OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32,-i Fremont st.; apply to Mr. Davis.
-RELIABLE girl, to help with housework; care
of children; good home; moderate wages. 739
; Shrader st. •
HELP WANTED —
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. LA UNDRY.BAKERS
39 cooks for different Jobs. $50, $40, $30, $25 j
and found; also second and third cooks, 's4o,
$30 and $25 and found !
22 dishwashers $25, $20 and $15 and found
19 waiters $30, $25 and $20 and found
Polisher laundry, country Job, and 2 city Jobs,
$35 and found ; 12 bakers, first, second and
third hands; also assistants and boys to help,
$40, $35, $25, $20 and $15 and found
Hog butcher. MURRAY & READY. 631-636
Clay s'_
CLERKS BUTCHERS PORTERS
BARTENDER
7 butchers, good Jobs, $52, $30 and $25 and
found; clerk, . lodging house, city Job, refer-
ences, $35 and found; bartender, city Job,
German preferred, $25 and found; man, pri-
vate family, $20; 6 porters; pantrymen; cabi-
net makers. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
EVERYBODY'S GOING ARE YOU
To work in the beautiful sawmills and woods
ln famous Mendocino County; climate and
water pure and Invigorating; wages good;
food the best; Job steady; no experience re-
quired; we pay your fare; wages, lowest paid
$26 and found, and some Jobs $85, $75. $65, $50,
*40, $30 and found. MURRAY _. READY, 634-
-636 Clay st.
FRUIT PICKERS FARE PAID
12 fruit pickers, men or boys, $26 and found;
young men and boys, city and country, for
stores, factories, learn trades, drive grocery,
oakery, butcher and milk wagons, $20, $15 and
$10 and found. $5. $4 and $3 50 week; men
and wives; street railroad help; shoemakers;
blacksmith helpers
FOR A BANKING COMPANY
6 teamsters and .'- laborers $35 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
STILL THEY COME 39 SAWMILLS
Mill companies located all 'over the State of
California. Oregon and Washington want us
to send them 893 men as laborers, teamsters,
crosscut sawyers, head donkeymen, section
. laborers, tree fellers, spool tenders, screw
turners, log fixers, mill men and woodsmen,
Jackscrewers, shingle bolt makers, lumber
pliers, etc.; wages $75, $60, $50. $40 and $30
and found. Come and see MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St. :
CARPENTERS GO VERNMENT WORK
CARPENTERS
3 carpenters, 8 hours, 6 months' Job, free
fare $2 day
20 laborers (no experience required)
3 ranch carpenters, $52 and found; 3 carpen-
ters, city, and 4 carpenters for sawmill; 4
bridge carpenters, lumber company, $45 and j
found
MACHINE BLACKSMITHS AND BLACK-
SMITHS I
9 blacksmiths for shops, ranches, etc, $2 50, i
$2 day, $60, $50, $40, $30 and found |
MACHINIST I
Machine blacksmith ...$3 day
STONEMASONS DIAMOND DRILLERS
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TO MINES 18 MINES GOOD MINES
27. miners $2 60 day
S3 laborers (no experience), $60, $50, $40 and
found
6 furnace men (no experience). $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
FREE FREE FREE
To every railroad in .DRILLERS..
LABORERS.. TEAMSTERS.. HEADER MEN,
ETC.; WAGES frim $3 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
....S3 HAY' AND HARVEST FIELD HELP....
For above work we pay $2 50, $2 25, $2, $1 50,
$125 day and found
FARMS, DAIRIES, ETC
136 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $35, $30, $26, $25, $20 and
found
19 milkers, good j0b5.... 530, $26, $25 and found j
CHOREMEN AND BOYS
12 choremen and boys for. ranches, etc., $30, '
$25, $26, .20, $15, $10 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COME UNTO MURRAY & READY
PHONE MAIN 5843
LEADING EMPLOYMENT AND LABOR I
AGENTS, ALL YE THAT LABOR AND WE
WILL GIVE YOU WORK
AT BIG WAGES...
25 laborers (no experience required), fare 50c,
wages $65, and fare 60c $75, fare SOc $80....
16 laborers, San Mateo County $60
184 laborers and teamsters . for different coun-
try Jobs, $3, $2 60, $2 day, $65, $50, $40 and
found
23 drillers, hammermen $3 day
LABORERS FOR FACTORY AND MANU-
FACTURING. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
'TT NOTICE! '■!'-'
TO DISCHARGED SOLDIERS.
WE WILL GIVE ' "
SITUATION FREE.
TRANSPORTATION FREE.
To any able-bodied soldier wanting work on
the Coast or Valley Railroad as laborer or
teamster at wages of $1 75 and $2 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS,
' 104 GEARY ST.
NO OFFICE FEE.
60 MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST RAILROAD.
FREE FARE. ,
$1 76 to $2 60 per day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO..
§ EMPLOYMENT AGENTS,
. 104 GEARY ST.
NO OFFICE FEE.'
'--.. '- : : . . FREE FARE.
60 laborers and teamsters for the Valley Rail-
road, $175 a day and $25 and board per
month. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, $35; dishwasher, $25; both for
a plain country hotel: see party here; fares
. advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
$1 75 TO $2 75 a day, see boss here; blacksmith,
sawmill. $45 and found, see boss here; 2
laborers for a factor.'. $1 75 a day: 3 car-
penters. $2 50 to $3 a day; harness maker for
a ianch, $30 and found; 2 grocery clerks, city,
515 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. . .
WANTED
Second hand baker for country shop, $30 to
$35 and found; young man to work in wood .
and coal yard, good steady job. $20 and found:
3 men to bale hay, $3 to $3 50 per day and
board; 10 laborers about mine, $1 75 to $2 50
per day
Farm hands, near city
; . .........$l, $1 25 and $1 50 per day
Milkers .$25 and $30
Man to do chores : about private place in
country, $15 and found; boy to work about
candy store ln country, $12 and found, and
others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
WANTED— Machinist used to all kinds of Job-
bing work; must understand pumping ma-
. chinery. Address, stating age ' and wages re-
quired,- box 70, San Mateo, Cal.
- HELP WANTED —
WANTED— Engineer for mine. $2 75 day; 2 car-
penters for mine, $3 day; quartz miners, $2 oO
day; marker and distributer for laundry, $3-
and board; laborers for city and country
mills, mines and tunnel work, $1 75 to $2 75 a
day; farmers, woodchopper-, milkers and
many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— and wife for kitchen work,
lunch house, $30; cooks for restaurants, $35
to $40; hotel waiters, $25 to $32; hotel baker.
$40; restaurant waiters, $30; dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— 7S millmen for Oregon and Wash-
ington. $26 to $35 and board and $1 75 to $2 75
day; sawyer for Oregon; 6 woodchoppers for
mine, $1 50 cord; and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
POWER drlllmen, $3 50.
40 laborers, $1 76.
Walter for hotel, $30.
10 teamsters, $1 85.
NEW EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 751 Market
st. Telephone Black 3911.
WANTED— Second cook, country. $45: 2 wait-
ers, springs, $25; dairyman, private place, $25,
etc. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st. -
WANTED — Good cook; hotel for working
people; sober. Industrious man; permanent.
Cable Hotel, Twenty-eighth and Valencia sts. '
WANTED Steady man: permanent place; will
pay $15 per week, with chance- of Increase;
must have small capital. 1022 Market, r. 4.
BARBERS— Good 2-chair 'shop; 4 rooms ln
back; cheap rent; $50. DECKELMAN" BROS.,
106 Ellis st.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from 60c to $1 60; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 662 Mission st-,
: bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
BARBER wanted. 229 Second st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
504 Valencia St.
YOUNG man to wait at table at evening din-
ner. 509 Post et.
TRY our 150 meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
YOUNG man wanted to make himself useful ln
restaurant. 234 O'Farrell st. •
SOLICITOR for printing office. 420 Montgom-
ery st., room 33.
GOOD dishwasher not afraid of work; call
early. 1530 Kentucky St., Potrero.
WANTED— and waiter. Cor. Lyon
and Lombard sts., Presidio.
160 ROOMERS— Boston House, 930 Howard st,;
10c, 35c and 20c per night. .
WANTED— 202 Ninth st.
WANTED— boy to work in a bakery.
Apply 486 Hayes Bt.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission Bt., between Ist and 2d sts.
GOOD waiter wanted. Golden West Hotel,
Ellis st.
DISHWASHER, $20 per month. MARTIN'S,
15 Third st.
WANTED Young man as salesman on tobacco
wagon. Apply at 1404 Market st.
BOY wanted to work in bakery. Apply 714
Valencia St., early.
MEN to learn barher trade; $15 weekly made
! after 8 weeks practice; only Institution teach-
ing the tonsorial art; call or write for free
I Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
j COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class blacksmith's helper. Ap-
ply GRAY BROS.' blacksmith shop, corner
Green and Sansome sts.
WANTED Experienced trunk maker. Apply
nt 946 Howard St.. HARBAND BROS.
SOLICITOR for milk;, wages and commission.
147 Fifth Bt.. 8 a. m. or 12 to 1.
BARBERS— shop ln country for sale
cheap. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis Bt.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila, Alaska, New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent. 504. 506 Davis St.
PENSIONS and claims aeainst U. S. See
SHERWOOD, room 612, Examiner building.
San Francisco.
BARBER shop ln lively country town; 2 chairs;
baths. Apply at 1229 Golden Gate aye.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day.
week or mo.; rates, 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st. ; free shaving in students' department.
FOR sale A flrst-class barber shop doing a
fine business in a city of 4000 population in
California; price less than cost of fixtures;
part cash or will sell on terms to suit buyer.
Address box 4868. Call office.
A SOLICITOR that has some knowledge of
mines. Apply room 28, Columbian building,
936 Market st.
TEN ladles, 10 gentlemen canvassers for New
Life Stomach Tonic; grand Inducement for
well-dressed conversationalists. 2 to 3 p. m.,
41 Hardy st.
EXPERIENCED dishwasher at once. 315 •
Grant aye.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco, Cal.
_ I .
TEAMS wanted to work on the canal being j
built at Sunol by the Spring Valley Water !
Works. Apply at the stables. Fourteenth and '
Guerrero sts., San Francisco, or on work t
Sunol. i
WANTED One hundred and fifty men on grad- j .
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE ! .
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee. ;
MEN wanted— borers, drillmen and team- :
sters on railroad work: fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near Grant station, on ,
Valley Road.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
in' H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164. -
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know .
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still i
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 350 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and '
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— IS men to find clean, central, cheap
rms.. 25c, 50c night; hkpg., $1 25 up. S3 3d st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 35c and 25c :
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
. BARBER COLLEGE. 138V_ Eighth st.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor- ;
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market. '
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c. $1. "
to $2 60 week. Elcho House, 863% Market st. \ J
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week. :
WANTED To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st. "
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. :
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1, '.
postage paid. .
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale <
FOR sale Young work horse; sound and gen- ',
tie. Apply at 147 Fifth st. - '
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business "
and work hcrses. Chase & Mendenhall. sue- J
cessors Killip & Co., salesyard, 1732 Market.
JUST arrived — Carload large horses and car- '
load medium size, broke and unbroke, at
J. D. HORAN'S, Tenth and Bryant sts. _
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market. I
327 Sixth st- ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
__________ . . - _— £
FANCY carriage, Baddleandroadhon.es. DAL-
ZIKL, veterinary dentist, 605 Golden Gate. .
HOUSES — LODGING Sale.
15-ROOM house on Fourth St.; only $ 275
26 rooms; corner house 850
14 rooms on OiFarrell st 350
12-room house; large yard; downtown 400
38 rooms; clears $100; only M .
32 rooms; exchange for large house 600 _
54-room house; clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER, 3020 Market St., opp. Sth.
31-ROOM: fine location: offer wanted; don't .
fall to see this bargain. DECKER, 3020 Mkt. ]
18 ROOMS; $250 cash: interest 1.4 per cent. $650
14 rooms; near Post st 650
16 rooms; clears $50; % cash 700 .
20 rooms: exchange for small house 1,600 _
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT.
WINSTON & CO., 1026 MARKET ST.
LODGING house, furnished, 17 rooms: store, J
dining room and kitchen; In Stent, Tuolumne
County: for sale or rent. Apply to WILLIAM -
HENRY. Angels Camp, CaL ' i
A— l2-ROOM house north of Market st.; rent -
$40; clearing $50 per month. R. G. WILKIE. 3
906 Market st. -- ' <
FOR sale Nice sunny house, 9 rooms, for sale $
cheap; south Market. Call for 1 week 739
Natoma st.: rent $20.
A— 2B ROOMS; rent $80. At 20 Turk st. or
SPECK & CO.
— _ _
$560 — LODGING house: 16 rooms: departure
cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN * CO.. 777 Mk' -
— — . 1
FAMILY boarding-house; steady boarders: 34
rms., all occupied: bargain. A.C.. box 71. Call. -
'. (
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
13 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
xt<-itt«.k hunting made easy with the printed
i?Bt you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
V r R v fine house, In perfect condition; 3356
?w»ntv-flrst st near Guerrero: 7 rooms;
«ntveW reasonable; see it. E. G. DENNIS-
TON. 3454 Twenty-first st.
VERY Pleasant house, in perfect condition; 3386
* Twenty-first st . near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable: see It. ,— —
LOST ANDFOUNP.
r^r_^~9^Tte_TdeTdog; license No. 1552. Super-
office. California Market; liberal
reward. '_ - ■
TTwr Certificate of deposit No. 62,561, Nevada
$300 payment has been stopped; all
p^ns warned against negotiating it; re-
gard. C. P- -11 Twlor -*■
T_FWARD-Lost;.gold bar pin, set with
LOST-A passbook with the FrSc*. *£" 35
and Loan Society oj»a BERNSTEIN; No.
S^^__^___^________^ return to bank.
LOST-A P ass"b7^i]rt^7^rnia Savings
and Loan Society CUMMINGS; No. 109-793.
_.ffl». 0f The finder-please return to bank.
EOST-Passbook No. 63.601, Hlberala g£dn«£
and Loan Society, '" the name of MICHAEL
HARLEY. Finder will please return to bant..
LOST-Stanford N. S. G . WJ. badge. Reward
at Call Office. L. F. GOLDER. ,
LOST-Purse; letters M. C. ; on *** Montgom-
ery: containing jewelry and .money Finder
will receive reward by returning to MRS IJ-
A. RICHARDSON, 772 Eighteenth. Oakland.
FOUND— dog; owner have proving
property, paying charges. 214 Fourth aye..
12 o'clock. ,
CHEAPEST and best ln America— Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for Ji,
Postage paid. _,
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
ln her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment, $5; no Instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy
Bt.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to
12. 2 to 4 and 7to 8. Sundays by appointment
only. _______
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. : Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 -years' practice; safe and quick cure guar- .
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market St.; '
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
Btantly: consultation free and confidential:
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. : Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. $5: restores ln 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent; consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free; call or write. 10231. Market st,
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe and sure; maternity
home; no Instruments; consultation free and
confidential: home treatment, $5. MRS. AL-
LEN, 22S Van Ness aye.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
A nice private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city: infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife. 2012 Folsom.
A— DR. and MRS. SILVA. 21514 Mason st.—
Private home in confinement: ladles' friend
in trouble; terms reas.; call and be convinced.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO., druggists. 406 Clay, sole agts.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home ln confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second st. ; tel. Green 52.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1113 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS AVANTS.
WANTED— CaII route ln or near Oakland. Ad- -
dress box 777, Call office, Oakland. j
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams ;
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst. .
MISCELLANEOUS— Sale. ]
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun- 1
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth. .
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st. ■
AN elegant cluster diamond and ruby scarf-
pin; cost at Tiffany's, N. V., $200; price now,
$120. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. -
NO. 1 fresh young cow: 20 quarts rich 'milk day;
gentle; a pet. 1312 Folsom st. "
NE WFOUN DL AN D, St. Bernard, pedigree
Scotch collies, terriers of all descriptions on
hand. 236 Montgomery aye., cor. Broadway. :
NEWFOUNDLAND St. Bernard, Gordon set-
ters, also Scotch, fox, skye bull and bull ter-
rier pups. 236 Montgomery aye., nr. Brdwy. I
BOILERS, engines, lathes, planer, band saw,
wood planer; 2d-hand. J. BURKE, 139 Beale.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line $
selling at less, than cost. 513 Hearst building.
ICE plant; 2d hand: complete: pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. WHITE, 516 Mission.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125. 3
h. p. $150, 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co., 627 Mission.
DRESS pants, $2 95: fine suits, $995. Misfit Cloth- _
ing Parlors, 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu- J
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine. .
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento St. »
SAFES Bargains in new and second-hand, all $
sizes; half original < ->st. 109-111 Market, S. F.
MONEY TO LOAN. _
LOANS on furniture or pianos ln S. F.,- Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without "
removal: no commission; no delays. J. i
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14. -
ANY' amount at 6% per cent on. real estate, 3d _.
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro- ,
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain, liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry _
Store, 846 Market st. : telephone Main 1644. 1
ANY amount by private party on furniture and _
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential, i
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with- *
out indorser. HILL. 44. Merchants' Exchange.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money -
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
REAL estate, 6 per cent: 2d mortg., chattels, X
. etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON . furniture, pianos, ' without removal ; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister. *
MONEY loaned salaried people on . their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need ■
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market. "
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly -
Call, 16 pages, sent to any ' address In the i
- United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
* MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
Davments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. , SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. __
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
wist of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26 28 and SO O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and.
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer. -
HAINES BROS., Baldwin and other standard
makes; second-hand. $100 up; wholesale prices
to all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright; cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next to Hibernia
Bank. .
OUR specialty is renting pianos, organs, $L
SCOTT, CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
AT $127; Steinway upright left by party going
East. 136 Ellis st.
A— sSs; UPRIGHT piano ln fine condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
. sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments. $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos. -
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. .
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AND STORES To Let.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.
$60—105 Taylor st. f
150— 485 Valencia St., corner Sixteenth.
$33—859 Mission St., near Fifth.
$20— 32S Montgomery avenue.
$22 50—836 Howard St., near Fifth.
$17—256 First st. ___ V /
$20—354 Fourth st.
$25—1339 Harrison St., corner Langton.
$20— STORE NW. cor. Post and Baker sts.,
with fixtures: complete for a grocery; 3 rooms
in the rear; a fine' concrete cellar: water free.
OPTICAL GOODS.
MAYERLE'S eye water; a new discovery for
weak. sore, inflamed. Itching, watery', burning,
painful and overstrained eyes and nerves: by
mail 60c. German Optical Institute, 1071*. Mar-
ket, S. F. Wanted— Reliable agt. in every State.
____——_—_—
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones; classes;
office hours, Ito 8 p. m. reading by mall. $1.
A— MME. BL'SHNELL, the famous palmist. 916
Bush st., between Taylor and Jones. - n l ';
PERSONALS.
PARTY leaving Saturday for Chicago prepared
to attend any special businiss. E. F., box
38, Call office, Oakland. _
NOTICE— Any information disclosing the Iden-
tity of the parties who sold liquor to COR-
NELIUS MANNING (the man who threw a
lighted lamp at his mother) while Intoxicated
will be greatly appreciated If - sent to E. L.
WADHAM. Secretary of the Eureka Society
for the Protection of Children. -
WANTED— Responsible party to adopt intelli-
gent boy of 8 years; speaks German and Eng-
lish; satisfactory reason for request; refer-
ence If wished. Box 4808. Call office.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca makes the hair glossy,
removes dandruff, cleanses the scalp: 35c bot.;
Foamo shampoo. 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st.
THERE Is only one LEDERER; his artistic,
up-to-date halrdressing costs only 25c; Leder-
er's Foamo Shampoo, 5c pkg. ; switches, $1
up; longest hair rolls. 3»c. 123 Stockton st.
LIFE insurance policies bought for cash. W.
R. NICHOLSON. Attorney and Financial
Agent. International Hotel.
LADIES— The Equipoise waist has no equal;
Y'psilantl underwear. OBER'S, 34 Geary st.
WHIST and poker club now organizing for
ladles add gentlemen; references exchanged.
Box 4862. Call. •
$1 50—1000 CARDS, statements, bill or note
heads; catalogue printing. BLEY'S Printing
House, 511 Sacramento st. ; tel. Main 1836.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. . Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights ln every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 PER week for lady's suit, jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co., 1306 Stockton St., near Broadway.
T. BRILLIANT. . 335-340 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln.sl4 Pine, ab.Krny.
A — Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Fclsora st.
LADIES' tailor-made suits: $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co.. 1814 Market st. ; open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below co6t to or-
der. K. YOS TAN I. 313 Sutter st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. D.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. .O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021.. Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
LOT wanted— The best lot that about $100 will
buy; ln San Francisco or around bay, but
not over 45 minutes' travel to Call building.
Address box 4567. Call office.
- PSYCUOMETRY-
iIENRY^IARRISON BROWN, i psyehometrlst:
reads character; gives advice from spirit side '
of life; heals by laying on hands. 120 A Eddy.
REAL ESTATE — CITY" For Sale.
2 LOTS on Vallejo St.; 25:6x114; $125 each: must
be sold. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO.,
1706 Market St. __• -
$350— LARGE lot. 44:6x103:6; level, fenced; 1
block from 2 car lines; positive bargain; no
humbug. Owner, 21 Powell, rooms 1 and 3.
$3750— CASH, balance monthly; large cor-
ner on Dolores St.; new residence of 7 rooms
and bath; cost owner $4500; must be sold.
..-
$4750 5500 CASH, balance monthly: reasonable
Interest; can have option of paying any sum
above amount agreed upon, as this is not a
building and loan proposition; new residence
of 8 modern rooms and bath, electric and gas
lighting; furnace heat throughout: large lot;
grand view. Apply 232 Liberty st., near
Dolores.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
Valencla-st. lots; any size; $135 per front
foot; fronting on 2 streets.
Twenty-third st., corner San Jose aye, with
Improvements, $5500.
Second and Silver sts;. corner, with Improve-
ments, $6700.
$6500— ELEGANT new house, 10 rooms; Spruce
near Clay; marine view; terms to suit; ev-
erything modern.
r- ___
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year*
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
NEW rich land near, city; small and large
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised m dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO., 302 California St., S. F. ,?
FOR sale or to let— Small ranch; good place for
chickens. 45 Prosper st.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO., 20 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best la America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange— unincumbered
apricot orchard In the famous early fruit belt
1% miles from Vacavllle; trees just in bearing
and all on Myrobolan root; splendid oppor-
tunity to secure profitable property at very
low figure, as owners are non-residents and
.-_ s ! of concentrating their interests; price
$.500; one-tinrd cash, balance on easy terms
or will exchange for acceptable city property'
For full particulars address HORACE STEV-
ENS. Vacavllle. Cat
" RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant/ "coffee and " Ice
cream parlor, 1035 Market st.; popular pries-.ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 14.". 12th St.— Sunny furnished rooms, com-
plete for hkpg.; reas.; also single.
CASTRO. 429, rear— private sunny unfurnish-
ed, large yard; stable optional; cheap.
DEVISADERO, 849. corner McAllister— 3 or 4-
very desirable sunny unfurnished rooms; elec-
tric light; gas; bath.
EDDY, 207— Nicely fur. hskpg. rms., complte;
Ist and 2d floor; family house; gas; bath.
EDDY, 917—2 nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping rooms; low rent to quiet, permanent
tenant; private residence; no children.
ELLIS, 62— Sunny front rooms for light house-
keeping, $10 to $14 per month.
ELLIS. SCO— Front, sunny rooms, completely
furnished for housekeeping; all newly furn-
ished; also unfurnished rooms. ■
FELL, 24, nr.. Market— partly furnished or
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
FIFTH. 149... nr. Howard— l double sunny front
rm., SS mo.; l hskpg.. suitable for 2, $6 mo.
FIFTH. 309— New house; 3 connecting rooms; 2
beds; complete hskpg.; adults; running water.
FILLMORE, 2205, near Clay— $15; 5 clean sunny
rooms; bath; rice yard and water.
FULTON, 116— Front sunny housekeeping room,
with kitchen: also single: reasonable. Uj
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404— neatly fur., 2 front,
with closets; hot, cold water; gas range; bath.
HOWARD, ■-- bet. First and Second— Nice
furnished sunny room, and also housekeeping.
HOWARD, 719 ! _, nr. Third— frnshed rms.;
hot. cold, wat.; bath; private family; $9 mo.
MARKET. 1028 Large sunny front room. and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; $12.
MINNA. 28— Sunny housekeeping rooms, suit-
able for 4 persons, $1 50 per week.
MISSION, 1126%. near Seventh— Housekeeping,
large front room $2 per week; back room, $1 To.
MISSION, -(.lean. sunny housekeeping
and other rooms; cheap.
OAK, 31, nr. Van Ness— Front completely fur.
hskpg rm.. $9; also neatly fur. single, $6 mo.
OAK. Front cor. bay-window rm. or suit;
also completely furnished housekeeping rm.
OCTAVIA, 14"3, corner Geary— Sunny bay win-
dow, kitchen, gas stove, $12; also bay win-
dow, $8.
PROSPECT place, 123. off California, between
Stockton and Powell— Large room and kitchen;
fine view of bay; morning sun; $10; pri. Ger.
POWELL, 911, near Sacramento— 3 unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; rent $11; from 12 to 6.
STEVENSON, 403. cor. Fifth— Nicely furnished
connecting housekpg rooms; complete; cheap.
BUTTER. 1111, nr. Larkln— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
$65— FOR sale; flat of 5 rooms; completely fur-
nished; no dealers. 1011 1 .. Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and lufurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night. >
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Bt.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-cl__ss
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT New Grand, 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day: 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. SOc to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINO.
AT 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; also hpkg. rms.; reas.; transient.
BRANNAN, 324. between Second and Third—
Nicely furnished rooms, with bath.
BUSH, 888 — Modern quiet sunny room in pri-
vate family; gentleman; reference.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegant.
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 926— Suite of rooms; also single room.
ELLIS, 424, bet. Jones and Leavenworth— Nice-
ly fur. sunny front suite; 4 or 5 gents; bath.
ELLIS, 806— Nice sunny hallroom; also large
room; rent reasonable.
FIFTH. 152. near Howard— choice sunny
rooms. neatly furnished, from $1 up.
FOLSOM. 739— Furnished rooms; single, $1 25
per week; housekeeping, $2 up.
FOURTH. 128%. nr. Mission— New management:
newly frnshd and renovated: choice front rms.
FRANKLIN, 21. "The Newport"— Nice sunny
furn. single and double rms.; also housekpg.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GOLDEN STATE, 106 Eddy— Rooms for stu-
dents; sunny rooms by day, week or month.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
rooming house; $150 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.; elev.; free baths.
HOWARD, 646. near 3d— New house, 30 rms.;
newly frnshd; single, double; gas; $5 upward.
IVANHOE. 1001 Polk. cor. Geary— New manage-
ment; fur. hkpg suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up; ref.
LARKIN. 247, cor. .McAllister- Choice front
sunny rms. ; gas; run. wat.; $175 to $2 80 wk.
LOMBARD, 1021, nr. Hyde— B Rooms; yard;
fine view; $16.
MARKET. 783 1 .— Neat newly furnished rooms;
central location; $1 to $2 50 per week.
MARKET, 1086— Neat sunny rooms; $1 per week
and up. -■..■'■•'-
MINNA. 5718— sunny rooms; rent $5 to $8
per month. -
MISSION 654, nr. Third— 2 Sunny rooms; new-
ly furnished; $10 and $6 per month.
NATOMA 538— Large sunny front room, suit-
able for two; other.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
POWELL. 15. next to Columbia Thea.— Prettily
furn. rms.; single and en suite; new tna:igt
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
ROYAL- House, 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room? per night, 35c to $150;
■week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office' floor; rooms with hot, cold wat. : baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 409. and 22 Mint aye.— Sunny
front fur. rms., others, from $1; quiet house.
TENTH 136. near Mission— Large front room
for 2 gents: also^slngle room.__ /
THE Clyde. 36.. Geary— Fine sunny front.
rooms; transient; 50c up.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE Oliver 965 Folsom, cor. Sunny corner
rms.. suites and single; gas;bath: new mangt.
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth st,, cor. Minna-
Sunny bay-window rooms.
YALE 112 Taylor— Sunny furnished and un-
furnisbed suites. $5 up; single. $1 50 up.
MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE^secretary I the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan .Asylum Society herewlth-glves notice
that the following orphan and half orphan
girls and boys have been admitted to the
asylum from January 1, 1899, to July 1, 1899:
Anita Lindner, 3 yrs.; Alice W. Bowles, 3 yrs.
7 mo 3. ; Clarissa Cook, 7 yrs.; Annie A. Klang.
6 yrs. 11 moB.; Macarthe G. Klang, 8 yrs.;
Hazel Magulre, 7 yrs ; Emma L. Oedlng, 5
yrs. ; mos.; Myrtle Oedlng, 2 yrs. 9 mos.;
Emily Seymour. 11 yrs. 7 mos.; Maggie Green.
14 yrs. ; Stanley E. Williamson, 9 yrs.; Wil-
liam Lindner, 4 yrs.; Victor Beck. 3 yrs ;
Clarence Hawkins, 7 yrs. 11 mos.; Harold M.
Ross, 3 yrs.; James C. Cook, 4 yrs.; William
M. Hale. 12 yrs. ; Bert S. Hale, 9 yrs. 7 mos.
IN consequence of the request of the Board
of Health that orphan asylums refrain, dur-
ing the threatened ' epidemic of smallpox,
front having regular visiting days, Maria
Kip Orphanage will not receive visitors on
the day generally set apart, to insure the
continuance of the good health which at pres-
ent prevails.
.ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery at., rooms 9-10: tel 5520.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. ~tranceTtest medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offices, 232 Stockton, bet.
Poßt and Geary; sittings, $1; diagnosis free.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full 'life read-
Ing; ladles, COc; gents, $1; alt., $1 50. 126 Turk*.
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night at 8:18 sharp;
sittings daily, 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton st., near
Greenwich.
TEST meetings, 8 p. m., Su., free; Tues., Thur.,
2, 8 p.m., 10c; letters answered; sittings. Mrs.
C. J. Meyer and others, 335 McAllister st.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley; medium; tells your
life from cradle to grave; 50c. $1 up. 106 Tay-
lor st., parlors S-5.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to nil; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8; 2,.c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia St.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt , tel Black 311.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
MPoli-__>n'~NOT7^^
These five houses on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. 1— 51450 for a $2250 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 2—11650 for a 12500 homa; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 3—12350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 4— 53000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No. $4500 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the city and contain modern im-
provements.
MARCUSE & REMMEL
620 Market St.. S. F., Bay-st. Station, Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
$700— FINE lot on bay *here.
$1800— Foreclosure; 2-story, S rooms and bath;
lot 40x120; near Grand-st. station; cost $8500.
$2200— Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot (
52x150; near High School and depot; terms, $100 !
cash. $20 per month
$3200— cottage. 6 rooms and bath; lot 42x |
207; open plumbing, plate glass, etc.; half block
from station and High School; easy terms.
Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
WE offer the following special bargains:
$13.".0— House. 9 rooms and bath; lot 50x170; all
street work done; near station.
$650— Lot 30x40; Pacific aye.
$1600 Large 6-room cottage, modern; lot 50x
150: stable, etc.
$1700— Lot 50x150.
Santa Clara aye.— feet "water front lots:
finest location In Alameda; great reduction In
prices. E. P. Jt'Dl) & CO.. 1424 Fark st.
_k_L.AI-IJ_.OA ROOMS AND HOAIID.
HOME -fcr ladies in delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. OR. FUNKE. 1416 . th.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR RENT— nicely furnished house of 11
rooms, bath, etc. ; rent $65; situated in upper
Dwlght way. 5 Apply JOSEPH J. MASON.
Berkeley station.
OAKLAND "ADVERTISEMENTS. j
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
MONEY to loan on houses; will sell two nice I
little cottages; Installments; for amt. loaned |
on them J. D. BENNETT. 902 Broadway.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call, j
16 pases. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year. j
OAKLAND Fl KMTIRE FOR SALE.!
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the |
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland. j
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco— At a regular meet- I
Ing of the board of directors of this . bank, i
held July 5, 1899, a dividend was declared for I
the half year ending June 30, 1899. at the i
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the loth Inst. Transfer |
books will be closed from the 10th to the i
15th Inst., both days Inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
July 11. 1899.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 69 (25c per
shared of the Hutchinson Sugar PlantatioE
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after i
THURSDAY. July JO, 1599. Transfer books |
will close on FRIDAY. July 14. 1899, at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must, be handed
ln at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
;:.- BORN.
MORSE— In this city, July 12, 1899. to the
wife of Jesse A. Morse, a daughter.
RUIZ— In this city, July 10, 1899, to the wife of
J M. Ruiz, a son.
_______
MARRIED.
DUNN— BODLEY— In this city. July 12, 1899,
by the Rev. XV. E. Dugan, Charles L. Dunn
of San Francisco and Bertha E. Bodley of
Bakersfleld, Cal.
_____
DIED.
Boysen, A. C. A. Kervin. Patrick
Byrne, Annie Kirby, Beatrice
Casserly, Margaret Liner. Michael
Coney, Margaret G. McGhee. Catherine
Daly, Cornelius Nicholson. George
Gllhuly, Katie Peterson. Ferdinand
Granville, Maurice Quinn, James J.
Hildebrand. Anna Shepherd, John T.
Israelsky. Abe Ward. John
BOYSEN— In this city. July 7, 1899. A. C. A.
Boysen, a native of Norway, aged 56 years.
__TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, (06
Powell street, corner of Post. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
BYRNE— In this city, July 12. 1899, Annie,
beloved daughter of Joseph and Kate
Byrne, a native of San Francisco, aged 25
years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 16 Bourbon street, off Ellis, be-
tween Steiner and • Pierce. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
CASSERLY— In this city, July 11, 1899, Mar-
garet Casserly, a native of Ireland, aged 50-
-years.
ICT-The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Brlgid's Church. Van Ness ave-
nue and Broadway, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock.
CONEY— In this city, July 13, 1899, Margaret
G., beloved wife of Alexander K. Coney, Con-
sul - General of Mexico, a native of St. John,
New Brunswick, aged 25 years 3 months and
13 days. ' '._ -
E-TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul. Interment private, ln Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DALY— In this city, July 12, 1899, Cornelius
Daly, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
GILHULY— In this city, July 12. 1899. Katie,
beloved sister of Michael Gllhuly, a native of
the oarish of Kiltubride, County Leltrim,
Ireland, aged 46 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday,) at 8:30 o'clock, 'from her late resi-
dence, Presidio, thence to St. Ignatius
Church, where mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing: at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRANVILLE— In this city, July 11, 1899, Mau-
rice, W., beloved son of James and Annie
Granville, and brother of Katie and James
Granville and Mrs. Mary Lynch, a native of
San Francisco, aged 27 years and 3 days.
___TThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 6:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor Cc Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment private, Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
HILDEBRAND— At her residence. 1125 Ten-
nessee street. Potrero, July 12. 1899, Anna,
dearly beloved wife of Jacob Hildebrand. and
foster mother of Mrs. Robert A. Lauensteln
and Fred Hildebrand, a native of Neider,
W'eisel, Hessen-Darmstadt. Germany, aged 53 >
years 2 months and 5 days.
g_7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Markus Ger-
man Evangelical Lutheran Church. O'Farrell
street between Franklin and Gough. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. -Cemetery.
SAN FRANCISCO Frauen Verein— The officers
and funeral committee are hereby notified to
assemble at their meeting rooms. Druids-
Hall 413 Sutter street, this day (Friday).
at 1 o'clcck. to attend the funeral of our late i
member. Mrs. Anna Hildebrand. By order
. MRS. ANNA SCHR. President.
MRS, ANNA MAAS, Secretary.
ISRAELSKY— In this, city. July 13, 1899, Abe, | ,
beloved son of Julius and Esther Israelsky, |
a native of California, aged 29 years.
hJt-iSRY J. GALLAGHcR '.CO.,'
(Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln .School. •-.
Telephone South 80. . ' ■
McAVOY & CO., -_ I
I fERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
I 1236 Market st., between Bth and 9th.- I
I - Telephone, South 247. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY^ JULY 14, 1899.
i •
&Wv4? '■■'■■■■■ _3 . £
£. &.. _xi_. ' :- -^ '' -. .__£___ - ■> 1
' - . ■■■$! * __\
' < ~*Jm&r ' : '"-M
"" **% T
- __fl_fc_. j|j_S_l "' > _?%v* »*§?'? t^ i iW'_*4 . '!_ A.
* THE MAN OF THE HOUR. J
A MAGNIFICENT PORTRAIT Of *
ADMIRAL DEWEY !
IN TEN COLORS •
• (Size 14x21 inches) ___. #
WILL BE GIVEN AWAY BY THE CALL] j
To every one inserting and paying J
fori WANT ADVERTISEMENT in ©
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL. . i
THI^ PORTRAIT ,sin no sense a cheap chromo, but an example of ft
1 niO rUni nrtll the hjghest sty , e Qf mvm nated printing In the I
famous French style of color-plate work. An ornament to any library or drawing- I
room. BEARS THE AUTOGRAPH OF ADMIRAL DEWEY. Cannot be had else- T
where in San Francisco than at the Business Office of THE CALL, where sample •
copies may be seen. ft
KERVIN— In San Jose, Patrick Kervin of Vir-
ginia City, Nev., husband of Minnie Kervin,
a native of County Wexford, Ireland, aged 61
years.
C-TThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from -the Palace
Hotel, "thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
KIRBY— In this city, July 13, 159., Beatrice,
beloved and only daughter of Jessie and
Wander Klrby, and beloved grandchild of Mr.
and Mrs. Francis Czarnlcki. a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 months and 14 days.
C-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her grandparents, 4213 Eighteenth street,
near Collingwood. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LINER— In this city, July 13. 1899, at his resi-
dence, 4110 Twentieth street, Michael, beloved
husband of Mary Liner, and beloved father
of Rose. Winifred. Mary, Margaret and An-
nie Liner, a native of Ireland.
___TNotice of funeral hereafter.
McGHEE— In this city. July 11. 1899, Cather-
ine, beloved wife of the late Hugh McGhee.
and mother of Sadie, May, Belle and Martha
McGhee, Mrs. Agnes McClure and Mrs. Harry-
White, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years.
, H__TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, corner of Post, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, Tenth and Howard streets,
for services at 1 o'clock. Interment ,Holy
Cross Cemetery' by carriage.
NICHOLSON —In this city. July 13, 1899,
George, beloved husband of Florence Nichol-
son, and stepfather of Frank J. Doutrlck, a
native of Ireland. aeed 57 years.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11:20 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment private, in Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
PETERSON— In this city. July 18, 1809. Ferdi-
nand G., beloved husband of Julia M. Peter-
son, father of Florence and Ferdinand Peter-
eon, and eldest son of Ellen M. and the late
Gustavus 11. Peterson, a native of Healds-
burg, Cal., aged 37 years 1 month and 12
days.
(C_T Remains at the parlors of Carew Se
English, 41 Van Ness avenue, near Market
street.
INN— Entered Into rest, July 11, 1899. James
J., beloved son of the late John and Mary
Quinn, and brother of Martin and John
Quinn, Mrs. J. J. Driscoli and Mrs. Lizzie
Duprat, a native of New York.
C_?" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street.
SHEPHERD—In this city. July 12, 1899, John
T.. beloved husband of Emma Shepherd, and
father of Sister Eunice of the Sisters of the
Holy Family, and William. Alexander and
Frederick Shepherd, a native of Manchester,
England, aged 53 years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 136 Hayes street, corner Van Ness ave-
nue, thence to St. . Mary's Cathedral. Van
Ness avenue, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WARD— In this city, July 12, 1899, John, be-
loved husband of the late Mary Ward, and
father of Daniel P. Ward and Mrs. Joseph
Pisanl, a native, of County Westmeath, Ire-
land, aged 60 years. A member of Court
Bohemia No. 8023, A. O. F.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, 827 Hampshire street, be-
tween Twentieth and Twenty-first, thence to
St. Rose's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be held for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. . .- ■
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F W Bryant & w. Neb E R Lelbert, N V
Mrs G P Locke, Neb E J Mulholland, Cal
Mrs C Young, Sacto OB Cowells Jr, Pa
Miss J Morlarty, Bacto A' F Nahar, Stockton
B Sparks, Reno jF C Bohrl, S D
D E Bennett, Tex J M Blodgett, I_odl
T T Tynan &w, Wyo T J Mahanney, «'al
F E Coykendall. Cal F A Shepard & w, Cal
Dr Moore, Benlcla W O Hllbl?h, w & b,
H B Tookln, Sausallto San Jose
E J Gumpert. NY J Joelson, NY
J B Batchelder Jr. U E Bohr & w, Gllroy
S A Mrs M Tlgley, Gllror
C Frledel & w. Or R Effey. S Cruz
H W Christian & w, J Bolsden, Colusa
i New Orleans J W Browning, Cal
Mrs M E Gibson, Mo Mrs M. E Blthell, Cal
Miss C Mulholland, Mo Mrs E Feeney, Sacto
Mrs - Donovan & 3 c, E C Cornell, Or
'- St Louis FT Sweeney, Elmjra '
Mrs J F Bufflngton. C L Mastick, Portland
St Louis . , Miss A Mastick. Or
Mrs B H Moore, Mo A E wart, Winnipeg
XV tl Bray, Austin Mrs W H See, Or
A C Vincent, Denver Miss L Henderson, Or
M J Henderson, Ark G G Gans Jr, Or
C M Graham, Ark C C Beekman & w, Or
Miss C Chestnut, Ark G Baker &w, Or
H W Rountree, Or N R Jones, la
AW Luhrmann, Ter.n Q W Jones, N V
Miss E Kennedy, Cal Miss D Howard, Or
( ) XV Powell, Petaluma H C Schade, Or
G W Reckmeyer, Utah J c Klncade, Or
H Prlnz & w, Cal F M Ward & w, Cal
R McCune, Utah CD Clark & w. Peoria
XV H Dimond, Boston j Miss A A Foster, 111 I
D O Ewlng, -Pa L Sylvester, Utah
XV Rutin, Stockton Mrs E Tuden, Utah
j H Crosby, Bangor I A Dolger &w, N V
G N Smith, Seattle I M Dreyfus, NY -. •■.,
E H Messeler & w. Col W J Dlllman, Sacto
G C Angelottl-. Cal I _-;.-.
. PALACE HOTEL. ".>''., -' %
G O Gosling, Phlla T Ewlng, Los Ang
R;T Day, Buffalo - /.Mrs T Ewlng, Los Ang
J H Jemett. Yokohama F B Wallou, Mich -
Mrs J H Jemett, do Mrs F B Wallon, Mich
-G Tabernack, London R Haucke, Oxnard
J M Merricle, London I J B Peaks. Santa Cruz
F F Barbaur, Cal ! C Cheenv. London •
J N Hollnze. Cal Mrs T XV Hall. N V
Mrs J N Hollnze, Cal Miss E R Hall, N V
John Jones, Cal iLB Hall, Boston
Henry Jacoby, N X Mrs L B Hall, Boston
J T Coleman NY I A Potter, N V
XV J Gelllspie, Reddng A Kautz, Mare Island
I D Lawsing, Redding Mrs A Kautz. do
Donald McCredln, Cal Mrs T R McGunn, Cal
Miss M de P Bailey, iWm Shore, Butte
Redding i R E Brown, Cal
Miss X E Everdell, C A Streets, San Jose
Redding I J B Rled, Sacto
W T Roberts, Ga IG A Sung. US N
Mrs XV T Roberts, Ga' H A Cohen. N V
Will Thomas, N W IV Notara, Portland
G M Plnney. Minn | M W Henderson. Ore
Miss E Jacobs, N. V j Sol Rosenfeld, Oregon
Miss L Jacobs, NY jDr J XV Chisholm, Cal
F H Medbury, NY | X O Chisholm, Cal
T Ladenburger, N V Mrs XV H Chlckering
E XV Stone, Mo Chicago
Geo S Pentrv. Mo I A Blumberg. Ariz
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P Goff St Louis G Rivers, Tex
J Reynolds, S Jose J Hustln, Houston
P Cuilom, L Ang T F Hancock. S C .
H Hewitt, L Ang G W Bechtelhelmer,
J Smith, Ukiah Neb
J Burke. Vallejo P E Wlllett, Neb
J Prltchard, Sacto ' J G Hunslcker^ Pa
Cap. Nelson. Stockton H S Sinclair, Pa
J P Cummlngs, NY J M Cox & w, Neb .
J B Walters, Tex A B Houghton & w,
W A Moon & w, Tex | Neb
H C McClung & w, Mo E T Oberholzer, Pa
F J Speck. Neb H S Olderfer, Pa
H C Spellman, Neb E Souder. Pa
A. Brock, Ohio H Hennlng, Pa
J P Reynolds, Ohio W G Bryant & w, N V
J Ralner, S Jose C XV Wright. N V
G Eastman & w. Or L M Marsh, Tex
Mrs J F Gaunt, Wash's XV Hessel. Tex
N D Mattison, Cal P Rose, Mont
J Walte, Conn |C W Paris & w, Neb
GROCERS' ALLIANCE
ELECTS DIRECTORS
RETAIL MERCHANTS COMBINE
TO CORRECT ABUSES.
Wholesalers to Help, and the Organi
zation of the Entire State Is
Anticipated.
"Wet" grocers and "dry" grocers, men
with several stores and smaller merchants
with diminutive stocks made up the at
tendance at B'nai B'rith Hall Wednesday
when the Grocers' Alliance elected its first
board of directors. The nine men chosen
from the twenty-one candidates were rep
resentative of every class of trade. Two
keep bars, seven sell liquor, two are tem
perance grocers, three have small stor|_,
two have large establishments and tne
other. four have two or more stores each.
The men chosen were John Lackmann,
Joseph A. Stulz. Alexander Irvine, Daniel
F. Keefe, H. B. Arnold, James West, J.
E. A. Helms, Thomas Cluff and J. J.
The movement Is looked upon as of
great Importance to the trade since the
local Grocers' Alliance' is regarded as
the forerunner of similar organizations in
every large town of the State. Alliances
are expected to accomplish a great deal
in the way of suppressing deadbeats, ob
taining desirable legislation and correct
ing trade abuses since they will be backed
up with the influence of the Associ___ed
Wholesale Grocers, which now Includes all
the wholesale grocers of this city, Sacra
mento, Marysvllle, Los Angeles and San
Jose. .' "---'-'- y - '■'. ■■■
The Grocers' Alliance of San Francisco
was only recently conceived. It already
numbers nearly 400 members and It is
thought will eventually absorb the two
present warring factions of retailers,
neither of which has been able to ac
complish much since the wholesale gro
cers held aloof from both. The retail gro
cers suffer from many evils which they
expect to overcome by combination.
The newly elected board of directors is
to meet at 4 o'clock this afternoon in the
rooms of the Associated Wholesale Gro
cers, at 123 California street. It will then
proceed to elect officers and take the
necessary steps for beginning active work.
The Peace Commission at The
Hague, by Edward Marshall, the fa
mous war correspondent, in next Sun
day's Call.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Harvey A. West, carpenter, San Fran
cisco, $877 50; no assets. Willet E. Nash,
clerk. San Francisco, $276 75; no assets.
Friedman & Rogers, Cahn. Nlckelsburg
& Co. and Rosenthal, Feder & Co. of
San Francisco filed a petition- in the
United States • District - Court yesterday
asking that B. E. Duckworth of Salinas,
Monterey County, be declared an involun
tary insolvent. Duckworth .is a retailer
of boots, shoes and general merchandise,
and it Is alleged ..that he committed an
act. of insolvency by allowing N. Curln.
a creditor, to take judgment and execu
tion against him for $836 25. The petition
ers state that Duckworth owes them
$817 ; 22. : '--><■ ■
.Dear Madam: "Pegamoid" says come!
You're welcome, Chronicle building,' No. 61.
MARKET-STREET
RAILWAY KICKS
AT ASSESSMENT
Demands a Cut of
$3,000,000 Cold.
— ♦ —
SPRING VALLEY IN LINE, TOO
— ♦ —
BANKS OBJECT TO TAXATION OF
BONDS.
*
Protests That Aggregate Millions
Filed With the Board of Equali
zation, Which Will Con
sider Them To-Day.
-
The Market Street Railway Company
will lead the long line of corporations that '
will march to-day before the Board of j
Equalization armed with protests against
the assessments Assessor Dodge has I
placed upon their holdings. Henry Lynch,
manager of the Market street system,
filed his "protest with Chief Clerk Russell
at . 4 o'clock yesterday afternon. Mr.
Lynch In his petition denies that Assessor
Dodge has any right whatsoever, under
the law, to assess the company's fran
chise, but at the same time admits thai
he had by applying for a reduction in
stead of a cancellation. . : : . '
Mr. Dodge fixed his figures on the com
pany's franchise at the extremely low fig
ure of; $10,047,569. The company through
Mr. Lynch asks for a reduction to $6,479,
--019, a reduction of $3,568,550. It gives 'no
reason for its figures; - it quotes no basis
or system of calculation by which it ar
rived at them; it" simply says that the
county has no right to tax Its franchise
anyway, but that out of the sheer good
heartedness that characterizes that ami
able corporation it will stand taxation to
the extent it arbitrarily lays down.
Almost as modest are the Spring Valley
people. They go farther than the Market
street crowd, in that they back their pro
test with a reason for it. Spring Valley's
franchise is assessed at $3,500,000; it wants
these figures reduced to $2,500,000. The
pipe line is valued at $3,636,000, which fig
ure it want's pared down to $2,182,000. In
support of its protest it says that when
the water rate was fixed by the Board of
Supervisors the amount of taxes the com
pany would have to pay was figured in
making up the rate schedule, and that the
assessments of Mr. Dodge are in excess of
that calculation. If Dodge's figures are
allowed to obtain, says the company, the
legal income allowed it in the fixed rate
will be impaired, consequently they have
figured their reduction on & scale to con
form to the rates established.
To-day the banks and the money brok
ers will go before the board to show cause
why the assessments on their property
should not be placed at a figure some
where near commensurate with their as
sets. Ten o'clock this morning is fixed
as the hour for them to appear, and 10
o'clock will see the representatives of
more millions that will appear on the en
tire assessment roll on hand to convince
the board that they are one and all on the
verge of bankruptcy, and have merely
pennies where the Assessor says they
have dollars.
By the resolution adopted by the board
on Tuesday every banking and money
broking Institution in the city has been
summoned to appear. A number of them
are already attempting to ward off pos
sible increases in their assessments by
applying for reductions in the figures al
ready established by Assessor Dodge. Of
these the bank of Wells, Fargo & Co.,
which Mr. Dodge classed as one of the
slipperiest customers on his list, has been
first to come to the front. With a sur
plus of over $10,000,000 on a capital of
$500,000 the bank has the supreme nerve
to swear that it is worth in assessable
property only $516,099. The modest figures
,of Assessor Dodge are based on a taxable
valuation of $726,744, but the corporation
in a protest filed yesterday demands that
that amount be decreased by $210,645.
The Hibernia Banking Association, one
of the -wealthiest banking institutions in
the country, asks for a reduction in its
assessment of a cool million and a half.
Assessor Dodge's figures on the bank's
taxable assets are as follows: Bonds of
the Market-street Railway Company, $1,
--127,000; bonds of the Spring Valley Water
Works, $258,750; bonds of the Sutter-street
Railway Company, $168,750; bonds of the
Powell-street Railway Company, $60,500.
Total, $1,615,0Q0.
In addition to these the bank's fran
chise is assessed at $5000 and there is a
United States check for $121,875 for inter
est due on United States bonds and loans
on bonds to the tune of $10,000. President
Kelly claims that these assessments are
not only excessive, but in a number of
cases illegal in that no deduction was
made for bonds held as security on loans.
He asks for a reduction from $2.601,3.. to
$849,002.
The Pacific Gas and Improvement Com
pany asks only a million off on its. as
sessment. Its franchise is valued by the
Assessor at $1,579,721. Its entire assess
ment is $2,445,450. It wants a reduction
to $1,445,450.
The Oakland Water Company, assessed
$400,000 on its franchise, and the Contra
Costa Water Company with a $750,000 as
sessment want to be cut off the list en
tirely, notwithstanding that their prin
cipal places of business are in this city.
A dozen other of the banks of the city,
with bond assessments aggregating $8,
--000,000, filed protests asking that their
bond assessments be canceled upon the
ground of their illegality. They will all
have an opportunity to prove their cases
this morning and to-day's session should
lack nothing of interest.
SOME OF THE SALOONS
WILL HAVE TO CLOSE
DISCRIMINATOR KRUTTSCHNITT
CARRIES HIS POINT.
Southern Pacific Directors Pass an
Order Which Makes Their Man
ager a Censor of Morals
and Collector of Dimes.
Yesterday afternoon the board of direc
tors of the Southern Pacific Company
held their regular weekly meeting and
definitely settled the matter of the now
celebrated liquor order. Notwithstanding
the opposition of the few fair-minded
members of the board the Huntington
push carried the day and succeeded In
having the matter placed entirely in the
hands of the discriminating Kruttschnitt.
This means that, with its usual regard
for the wishes of the business community,
t,he Southern Pacific has decided to ignore
entirely the protests and petitions which
have been presented to it by those mer
chants whose business is affected by the
Huntington reformatory order, and will
close up as many saloons along its lines
as it can without injuring Its own re-
ceipts.
The excuse given that the thirst of its
employes makes such an action necessary
is not only a reflection on the men who
handle its trains, but arrant nonsense,
from whatever standpoint it is viewed.
The whole matter is merely another
catch-penny device to turn into the al
ready overflowing coffers of the corpora
tion the few dimes that help to make a
living possible to those who conduct the
eating houses along the road.
Liquor will continue to be sold on the
dining and buffet cars and at such saloons
along the road as - are owned by those
whom the company, for one reason or an
other, desires to favor. -Trainmen who
long for a drink can get it as cheaply
and easily as ever.
The only people who will derive any
benefit from the order are the stockhold
ers whose annual receipts will be swelled
In exact proportion to the losses sustained
by those who have not sufficient pull to
succeed In remaining unmolested.
Snapshots at the Chinese in . the
Fourth of July Parade, in next Sun
day's Call.
FELL THREE STORIES
I AND BROKE HIS SKULL
A False Step Plunged
Ado C. Jacob to
His Death.
■
A.DOLPH C. JACOB of 1559 Pacific
street, a tin roofer employed by
the Forderer Cornice Works,
" was killed yesterday forenoon
by falling off the roof of a three-story
building en Jackson street, between
Scott and Pierce.
Jacob was engaged in putting on a
gutter pipe and missed his footing,
causing him to slide down the steep
roof, from which he fell into the yard.
The injured man was taken to the
City Receiving Hospital, but died
soon after he reached that place. An
autopsy at the Morgue by Dr. Cag
lieri revealed the fact that the skull
of the dead man had been fractured.
While at the Receiving Hospital the
parents of the unfortunate man were
sent for, but they arrived too late to
see him alive.
NATIVE SONS INSTALL.
The Officers of Two of the Local Par
lors Inducted Into Office.
Wednesday evening there was an
assemblage in the. Shasta Hall of
the Native Eons' building that might
have been mistaken for a matinee
audience, there being so many beau
tifully gowned ladles present. They
were there to witness the installa
tion of the officers of Rincon Parlor, N.
S. G.*W., by District Deputy J. W. Lewis,
assisted by A. Schleicher as grand mar
shal and Charles Carroll as grand secre
tary. The work was done in a most cred
itable manner and the officers who are
to serve for the current term are: F. Z.
McCarthy, past president; W. A. Plake.
president; P. F. Mertes. G. W. Korts and
Charles Clancy, vice presidents; L. K.
Hagenkamp, recording secretary; W. E.
Foley, financial secretary; T. H. Vivian,
treasurer; A. J. Roker, marshal; V. E.
Scheerer, Inside sentinel; T. F. Kane, out
side sentinel: C. T. Bacon, R. H. Barnett
and J. P. Donnivan, trustees. The retir
ing president was made the recipient of
a handsome badge, the presentation on
behalf of the parlor being by George J.
Zehender. After the ceremony pink ice
cream and fancy cakes were served to
the guests, after which there was danc
ing, m
In the same building last night Profes
sor Soussa R. D. Barton, D. D. G. P., as
sisted by L. Heeve as grand marshal and
D. G. Antonovich as grand secretary, ob
ligated and instructed in their respective
duties the following officers of Alcalde
Parlor, N. S. G. XV.: J. T. Hetty, past
president; L. E. Derre. president; J. W.
Desmond, L. J. Watson and J. 'A. De
voto. vice presidents; H. F. Morton, re
cording secretary; R. H. Hession. finan
cial secretary; A. Rahwyler, treasurer;
H. A. Bowers, marshal; H. R. Davis, in
side sentinel; E. Lestretta. R. H. An
drews and F. R. Varney, trustees. The
presentation of an emblematic badge to
the retiring past president was followed
by a programme of instrumental music
by the Native Sons' Band, Professor Bar
ton leader; vocal solos by William Fens
termacher, J. Ryan and Dr. Calligari;
recitations by L. Godeau. M. F. Sullivan
and E. Lestretta; address by L. J. Hur
ley; cakewalk. D. Antonovich; club
swinging by S. Heino. exhibition of box
ing by R. H. Hession and H. F. Morton
and ventriloquism by A. Rahwyler.
There were served during the evening a
collation and cigars.
GROCER'S CLERK MAY
HAVE BEEN MURDERED
THE recovery of the body of Max
Kabish, a young grocer's clerk,
from the bay near section 3 of
ii the seawall, yesterday morning,
gives rise to strong suspicions
that a murder has recently been com
mitted. According to the 'statements
of persons with whom the deceased
was most intimate, money and a valu
able watch may have been the motive
for a plot against young Kabish's life.
When last seen alive Kabish had both
m his possession, was sober, and so far
as is known had no possible cause for
self-destruction. He disappeared early
on the morning of July 7, and yester
day his corpse was found floating in
the bay. decomposed beyond recogni
tion.
When the Coroner brought the body
to the Morgue a cameo ring with a
Greek head and helmet and bearing on
the inside the inscription "M. Kabish,
S. F., Cal., 1893," remained on one fin
ger. In the clothes of the clerk were
found a 10-cent piece, a bunch of keys,
a constitution and by-laws of the
Llllenthaler Verein, and a broken
watch chain, with the timepiece miss
ing. • . ; :; •.'."'.' ..v-'...- ; '.-^.;-;--'-
The identity of the corpse was estab
lished by the ring and chain; also by the by-laws of the verein, which he
had joined but one week previous to his disappearance. H. Larsen. residing
at 706 Mason street, was the first to' make the Identification positive. He stat
ed to the Coroner that a watch should be among the recovered effects. He
also said that he had personally purchased a fine gold watch, costing /§7G,
for Kabish some time ago and that the latter had it when last seen by his
friends. He further stated that the deceased had money and was to depart
for Eureka, where he had secured a position as hotel clerk, a couple of days
after the Fourth. When he disappeared his intimates thought he had taken his
contemplated trip. \ Larsen - was followed by several other persons, who sub
stantiated his statement and who believe that their friend has been the vic
tim of foul play. . .
Henry ' Droge. a grecery clerk at the corner of Post and Jones streets,
was a constant companion to Kabi3h. He left the latter early on the morn
ing of July 5 in a bowling alley on Ellis street, and at that time Kabish had
about $50 in his possession and his gold watch. He was happy and talked
much of his prospective trip. He was never at any time out of money, and
Droge laughs at the insinuation that his friend committed suicide.
Kabish was last see*, in Seeba & Bohlen's saloon, corner of Merchant and
Kearny streets, about 1:30 on the morning of July 7. He shook dice with the
bartender and paid for the drinks when he lost. He seemed to have money,
and according to the bartender's story was never broke and never drank to
excess. He was In the habit of dropping In the place about that time every
morning and always produced cash. On the occasion of his last visit he had
possession of his watch and was very cheerful. The other witnesses talked
with Kabish at intervals on the Fourth and all agree that he had his watch,
and so far as they knew money. ■ . j .. -! v
The theory is that Kabish was foully dealt with, his watch and money
taken from him and his body thrown into the bay. There is no known reason
why he should commit suicide, and many circumstances point to murder. The
police are working on the case. The body \is so far in a state of decomposi
tion that it Is almost impossible to tell whether or not there are marks of Vio
lence on it.
Kabieh stopped at the Humboldt House, 1309 Stockton street. He disap
peared from there about July 4, and his trunk still remains in the house. He
paid his bills regularly and owes the house nothing.
NATIVE SONS TO WALK.
Secret Societies Will Participate and
Help to Make the Carnival a
Success.
The Cakewalk Carnival promises to be
a big success. California Parlor No. 1,
N. S. G. W., has taken hold with a will
and will have a night of its own and so
have the Foresters of America, the
Knights of Pythias and the Olympic
Club. Benefit nights will be tendered all
of the organizations that participate.
The offices of the carnival promoters
have been moved to the Mechanics' Pa
vilion and carpenters and decorators are
hard at work on the floats. Everything
will be ready for the opening on Saturday
night.
Those having the fete in charge are J.
P. Dockery, XV. D. Shea. W. XV. Shan
non. Henry Lundstedt, Ben Davis, J. J.
Jamison, J. L. Hsrget. Dan P. Carter,
W. D. Hobro Jr.. R. H. Morse, F. P.
Sherman and T. B. Bailey.
The Companions of the Foresters of
America, embracing every circle, under
the direction of Excelsior Circle No. 2.
have arranged for a special night at the
Cakewalk Carnival, which will be Fri
day, July 21. The Foresters of America,
Court Independence No. 104 and Court
Defiance No. 23; the Ivanhoe Lodge and
Syracuse Lodge, Knights of Pythias; the
Olympic Club and a number of other
prominent societies and organizations
have taken hold of the Cakewalk Car
nival, which opens this Saturday even
ing and will be continued for one week
to aid their fund by benefits.
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in tm colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
Hornung Drugstore Sold.
MARYSVILLE, July 13.— T. Ruffln,
late of Petaluma, has purchased the
Hornung drugstore, the pioneer dispen
sary of this city, which was established
by Dr. Gustav Hornung. now in retire
ment at Livermore. in 1851.
Largest Kangaroo in America is in
San Francisco. Read about him in
next Sunday's Call.
M. KABISH.
1112
FIRED AT A POLICEMAN
WHO REPRIMANDED HIM
Desperate Colored Trooper Tries to
Murder Officer Bob Silver.
Assisted by His Comrades He Succeeded in Boarding
the Transport Para and Was Not Arrested.
Statement of His Intended Victim.
«.. .SOft ordering a colored soldier to
' — _ be less boisterous yesterday after
| noon Policeman Silver of the Cali-
Jj fornia-street station narrowly
escaped being made a subject for
the Coroner.
Silver was standing at the corner of
Pacific and Sansome streets when his at
tention was attracted to four colored sol
diers who were creating a disturbance.
The officer accosted them and asked them
to move on. One of them challenged his
right to interfere with them and threat
ened to blow his head off. The soldier
was armed with a Jorgensen rifle and as
he attempted to use it his comrades seized
him and started to drag him away.
'.' i.inking that they intended to leave the
scene without further trouble Silver
crossed the street, after advising the com
rades of the vicious trooper to take him
to the transport which they intended to
board and which was to carry them and
the rest of the colored warriors to Manila.
As Silver crossed the street the desperate
soldier, after breaking away from nis
comrades, raised his rifle to his shoulder
and with an oath he fired point blank at
the policeman. The bullet passed in dan
gerous uroximity to Sliver's head and he
quickly "reached for his revolver.
Before he had a chance to return the
fire the murderous soldier, followed by his
comrades, ran down Pacific street. Silver
•started after them, and after a run of
several blocks he was joined by Police
man McGee. who had been attracted to
the scene bj the shooting. Together they
pursued the quartet, hoping to head them
off before they boarded the transport
Para The colored men managed to reach
the wharf first, however, and straight
IMPROVED RED MEN
RAISE UP CHIEFS
IN FRESENCE OF MANY FADE-
FACES.
An Interesting Ceremony Last Night
in the Assembly Hall of the
Odd Fellows' Building.
Ninety-six elected chiefs, representing
sixteen" tribes of the Improved Order of
Red Men of the hunting grounds of San
Francisco, were "raised up" in public last
night in the assembly hall of the Odd
Fellows' building in the presence of more
than 2000 people.
The acting great chief who conducted
the ceremony of raising up, which in oth
er orders is called installation, was assist
ed o. the owing named district depu
ties "who filled the positions opposite their
names: Thomas Roche, great chief; F. B.
Swan, great senior sagamore; M. L.
Wheeler, great junior sagamore; U. A.
Lewis, great prophet; L. L. Remy, great
chief of records; P. C. Blick. great keeper
of wampum; J. Fowzer, great sannap; H.
L. Stacy, great mishinewa; P. Bellegarde,
great guard of wigwam.
The hall was decorated with rare good
taste and the center of it had been ar
ranged after the fashion of a council
chamber, with the council fire in the mid
dle. The several great chiefs took their
several stations after the kindling of the
council fire and smoking of the pipe of
peace in due fcrm and proceeded with the
ceremonies. The elected chiefs were es
corted into the hall six abreast and pre
sented at the station of the great chief,
who addressed them according to the rit
ual of the order.
The. ceremony was in the amplified
form, in which the great chief of a partic
ular 'rank delivers the charges to those
chiefs in the same rank in the subordinate
councils. These were raised up in the fol
lowing order: Prophets, keepers of wam
pum, chiefs of records, junior sagamores,
senior sagamores and sachems. Each
great chief had his work memorized, and
the charges were all delivered in an im
pressive manner, but notably so by
the great prophet. The ceremonies con
cluded with the proclamation of raising
up and the quenching of the council fire
by members of Manzanita Tribe.
Among Interested spectators who were
on the stage were the following members
of the Great Council of California: George
W. Collins, great sachem; F. D. Brandon,
great junior sagamore; C. F. Burgmann,
great chief of records; XV. J. Smith, great
keeper of wampum; Porter L. Bliss, great
sannap. and P. <i. Seymour, great guard
of the wigwam, and Past Great Sachems
B. F Josselyn, W. M. Betts, H. S. Winn,
James G. Smith, Frederick Brandt and
George XV. Lorie.
Then followed a programme of ten num
bers of dancing. The following commit
tees had charge of the ceremony and
dancing:
General Committee— President. J. H. Hutaff;
vice president, A. Hausman; treasurer, M. Lei-
Ben; secretary. Unary L. Stacy.
Reception Committee— Frederick Brandt, P.
G S. (chairman), Sotoyome Tribe No. 12; v.'.
J Smith Manzanita No. 4; F. D. Brandon.
Pocahontas No. 11; P. L. Bliss. Modoc No. 57;
H. L. Stacy, Winnemucca No. 61; George H.
Cabanlss, Montezuma No. 77; F. Ralph, Ah
washte No. B'J; F. L. Griffiths, Monadnock No.
100. . '-■
Floor Manager— P. S. Seymour, Osceola No.
71. --.•-:■
Floor Committee — M. Lelson, Miantonomah
No. '•: Alfred Jones, Pohonachee No. 10; M.
Causae, Seminole No. 54; A. Hausman, White
Eagle No. 72: A. J. Enemark. Bald Eagle No.
75; G. Bossert, Arapahoe No. 76; J. H. Hutaff,
Altahmos No. 87.
VETERANS ENTERTAINED.
Ladies From. San Jose Appear in the
Camp at Santa-Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, July 13.— Only three days
remain and Camp Wallace Reynolds will
break, but the old veterans are making
the best of the time and are having solid
Enjoyment every moment.
The assembly tent was scarcely largo
enough to contain the big crowd which
was present at the entertainment given
last evening by the ladies of the G. A. R.
of San Jose. Every number was a gem,
and the address by Judge Buckles was
especially enjoyed. Much to the regret of
till Judge Buckles had to return home to
day.
The entertainment this evening was by
the Daughters of Veterans.
■ ♦ ■
The First and the Latest Yachts
to Contest the America Cup, in next
Sunday's Call.
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
Of All Kinds
For the Location of
Government
And
State Lands
Both Surveyed
And Unsurveyed.
F. A. HYDE,
115 Montgomery St., San Franclaco.
way made for the transport. The police
men were only a few feet behind them,
and as they attempted to board the trans
§ort they were stopped by the sentries,
liver hurriediv explained that one of the
colored troopers had attempted to mur
der him and that he intended to arrest ,
him. The sentries refused to allow him
to board the vessel, and threatened to
run a ba%-onet Into him if he did not move
on. Silver appealed to a lieutenant of
the regiment to allow him to board the |
transport, after informing him of the at
tempt of the colored private to assassi- l
nate him. After considerable hesitancy j
the lieutenant finally permitted him to
board the vessel and arrest his assailant I
If he could identify him.
The officer searched the transport but
could get no trace of the murderous sol
dier. He believes that he was hidden
away by his comrades. After searching
the vessel in vain, Silver visited police
headquarters and made a written report
of the occurrence to hief Lees. In it he
said that the man who took a shot at
him was creating a disturbance and he
cautioned him to be quiet. The desperate
soldier then proceeded to abuse him and
threatened to fill him "with holes" if he
attempted to arrest him.
Silver again advised him to be quiet and
started to ..-alk away just as his com
rades proceeded to drag the soldier down
the street.
"Thinking that they intended to leave
the vicinity," remarked the policeman
when telling the story to Captain Witt
man, "I crossed the street, when sudden
ly 1 heard a shot and felt a bullet whiz
past my head. I quickly turned around
and saw the murderous soldier again
raise his rifle to his shoulder. I reached
for my revolver, but before I had a
chance to use it he and his companions
ran down the street and disappeared
aboard the transport. I did not nre at
him as I feared that I might kill one of
his comrades."
NATIVE SONS' NINTH OF
SEPTEMBER CELEBRATION
IT MAY BE HELD AT SANTA
CRUZ THIS YEAR.
All Depends on the Railroad's De
cision as to Reduced Rates.
Trasportation Committee
Is Appointed.
At a meeting of the Native Sons' 9th of
September celebration committee held
last night Chairman Lewis F. Byington
announced James P. Dockery. Fred W.
Lees and Percy V. Long as his selections
for the transportation committee. Upon
this committee depends whether the cele
bration will be held in Santa Cruz this
year. The railroad has not been over
generous in the past to the order, and
strong efforts will be made to induce it
to make favorable terms, so that the sea
side city may have the benefit of the
largest gathering ln the history of the
organization. The committee will wait on
the railroad officials to-day, and one ar
gument for reduced rates will be the fact
that the golden jubilee celebration will be
held in this city next year and will at
tract large numbers.
Following is the entire celebration com
mittee as at present constituted:
L. F. Byington, chairman; T. E. Hearty j
of San Francisco Parlor, secretary; David j
C. Martin of Stanford Parlor, treasurer, j
and H. Schaper of Sequoia Parlor, vice :
chairman.
Twenty-two parlors are represented, as
follows: California— XV. D. Shea, J. P. !
Dockery, C. A. Boldemann; Pacific— T. P.
Martin, F. R. Neville, R. J. Sands; Gold- ;
en Gate David Wilson, Edward J. Bar- !
ton, James T. Bailey; Mission— D. B. Bow- i
ley. H. A. Bilay, A. S. Groth; San Fran- i
cisco— C. R. Heverin. Thomas E. Hearty, !
E. L. Rittore; El Dorado— C. Anderson,
J. F. Jewell, J. C. Martin; Rlncon— W. C. i
Foley, P. F. Mertes, G. W. Korts; Stan
ford—D. C. Martin. G. D. Phillips. J. XV.
Lewis; Yerba Buena— F. W. Lees, L. J.
Aubert, F. C. Jaeger; Bay City— H. G. W.
Dinkelspiel, E. W. Levy, J. M. Liebest; I
Niantic— L. F. Byington, J. B. Keenan,
F. Mordecai; National— A. R. Vaughan. F.
J. Silvey, Charles Hufschmldt; Columbia
— F. H. Bonne, P. V. Long, I. Harris; I
Hesperian— L. H. Kohn, H. F. Shepston, |
J. F. Roxburgh; Alcatraz— H. T. Anstro, !
A. K. Daggett, A. E. Goetz; Alcalde— J. \
A. Devoto, M. Sullivan. L. J. Watson; I
South San Francisco— E. J. Taaffe, L. j
Nonnemann. C. Mllly; Sequoia— W. P. '
Johnson, L. C. Pistolesl, H. Schaper; Pre- :
cita— G. Van Orden, J. E. Behan, J. S. !
Earls; Olympus— Andrew Mocker, O. C. ]
Pratt, J. T. Cosgrove; Presidio E. T. i
Finch, E. E. Fisher, Philip Werner; Mar- !
shall— A. Nickel, D. Harrison, J. Rose; j
Mount Tamalpals— J. E. Haydon, C. M.
Dufflcy, W. G.. Eden; Athens— J. N. Fo- !
garty, B. F. Woolner, R. J. Montgomery;
Piedmont— D. XV. Doody, B. A. Rathjen,
D. J. Barr; Brooklyn— G. H. Hans, M. S. j
Hauser. H. A. Sagehorn.
Chairman Byington has issued a call for ;
a meeting of the full committee to be \
held at Native Sons' Hall to-morrow (Sat- \
urday) evening. It Is expected that Grand i
President Frank Mattison will come up
from Santa Cruz to attend. He Is desirous j
of having the celebration in his town and ,
will offer splendid inducements on the j
part of the residents to bring It there.
Invitations to participate will be extended I
to the parlors of Oakland, Alameda and
Marin County.
Judge R. C. Rust has called a meeting
of the board of grand officers ln this city,
in the latter part of this month to ar
range the districts of the State and ap
point deputies to exercise supervision
over them. 3 ; .'»5- ; .
DEATH ENDS A LONG
JOURNEY AFTER HEALTH
Earl Stickle, a Well Known News-
paper Man of This City, Suc
cumbs to Consumption.
Earl Stickle, well known among the
newspaper fraternity of this city and of
Denver, died unexpectedly Wednesday in
the Adirondack Mountains, New York. Mr.
Stickle commenced his newspaper work in
Denver, where he acquired a ready, grace
ful style. He came to this city some sev
en years since and became a member of
the Chronicle staff.
His work attracted the attention of his
employer, who made him New York rep
resentative of the paper. He proved a
model correspondent In his new field, hav
ing the Intuition of a trained newspaper
man and showing extreme skill in the
handling of stories. His gonial disposition
gained many friends for him ln the East
ern metropolis. Consumption, the grim
destroyer, had him In its grasp, however,
and he was forced to abandon his work
and seek a more genial clime. He was
succeeded as representative of the Chroni
cle by M. J. Egan. who returned from
Manila, whither he had gone with the
United States troop*. v ?~-
Mr. Stickle went first to the Adiron
dacks, but this afforded him no relief.
Last December he was in this city, going
later to Phoenix. Ariz. In May he went
to Denver, but the altitude proved too
high, and he again returned to the Adlr
ondacks. The journey proved his undo
ing, however, and he died the night after
his arrival. He leaves a widow, who cared
for him unceasingly in all his journeylngs
after the elusive phantom of health.
Bag-Time Hayes, the Pianist.
At Kapp & Street, tamale Orotto; nlghtlM. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1899,
NOT MONEY BUT
THEIR HONOR
WAS AT STAKE
Lam bard i Is Minus
Three Warblers.
— ♦
PRIMA DONNA WAS INSULTED
— —
BARYTONE AND BASSO STAND
BY THE DIVA.
«
Some Talk About the • Impresario,
His Iron-Bound Contracts, and
Salaries Demanded in
Advance.
Lambardi, the moving impresario, is
minus three of his warblers. Victoria
Repetto, diva; Joseph Ferrari, barytone,
and Baldo Travaglini will know him no
more. La Repetto and Ferrari have al
ready cut him dead, and Travaglini will
in fifteen days.
It Is an affair of honor. I.uigi Bergami.
the stage manager, it is said, addressed
Mademoiselle Repetto in such a fashion
that the lady immediately questioned his
gentle chiding and resigned, and the bary
tone threw down his music roll and said:
"Oh, my art; my honor! Dios! Dios! I
will not sing!"
Travaglini felt the same, but, unfor
tunately, could not speak the same. The
basso had given his word of honor to the
THREE FRAWLEY BEAUTIES IN "THE LAST WORD/
! management that, money or no money,
! he would stay by him for fifteen more
! days, and the brave singer, although he
! suffered, would not break his word. "I
iam a man of honor," he said. "After the
i fifteen days I will sing no more."
Miss Repetto, Ferrari and Mrs. Baldo
I Travaglini are living together in all har
: mony in Indulging in primitive house
i keeping in a modest suite of rooms on
i Green street, near Powell. The singers
: have impartially divided the household dv
i ties La diva dips her hands in soapy
dishwater; Madame Travaglini prepares
I the dinner, and Ferrari distinguishes him-
I self at the table, where he gallantly pours
1 the wine, and dishes out the macaroni.
* The artists were in the midst of their
home-cooked dinner when they explained
how their honor had been smirched .
Mademoiselle Repetto told the tale while ■
i her two companions played a silent ac- !
I companiment with shrugs and eyebrow i
j srvmnastics. _. 
Bergami. the stage directeur"
j said the diva, "said to me. oh things that !
i were awful! No, no; I cannot say them. I
A demoiselle cannot say again what he ,
has said. And then Ferrari he was an
j gry that the directeur should speak so,
j a " Honon^ono^!" 'interrupted Ferrari. "I
am a man of honor." said he would not
"Then when Ferrari said he would not
! sing " went on the lady, "Travaglini said
I "I. too, will not sing. I am a man of |
! honor. I have given my word that I will ,
i stay with you for fifteen days yet. After |
', that you have no basso.' *' . t^l. :
Mile Repetto is positive that Lam
! bardi is not mourning his principal singers
on account of monetary reasons. Lam- |
• bardi he owes us money, yes, said the |
diva ' "But what of that? Have we not
our art? We let that go, only we said .n
. the future we get our money in advance |
i before we sing. And that Is probably ;
I why he was angry." concluded the prima ]
I donna "and why his stage directeur said ,
| to me things you do not say to a young j
Miss Repetto expressed herself pleased .
with her reception here and says she will
return next season, under contract with |
Manager Frledlander, "the little man but
the good man, and— no, no! not Lam
bardi." .
Manager Frledlander says he knows
nothing of a contract to bring the Repetto ;
out here next season, and as for the story
of the insulting director, the manager
declares he does not believe a word of it.
"The fact of the matter is." said Fried
lander, "that Lambardi has a contract by
which ho can prevent these people from
singing in this country. They are anxious
to return to Milan, and are using the 'in
sult* as an excuse. As for money. I know
that Lambardi does not owe them a cent. |
There was some indebtedness when they
got here, but they have been all paid up. !
and I saw the receipts. Personally," con- i
tinued the manager, "I have nothing to i
do with the company. I book them as I j
would any other show, that is all. I know |
this however, Lambardi can easily los.e ;
these three singers. He has enough talent I
in his company to make up several oper- j
atic organizations."
Wednesday night and last night the j
company played in San Jose, and to-day !
they leave for Los Angeles.
Victoria Repettn and Joseph Ferrari ]
will leave on Sunday for their home in j
Milan. 1 - . ■ ■ ■ . .-■■ ■■.■..-■;.- ■■i^-.y
HUNGRY FOR CHINA'S TRADE
California Is to Bid for Extensive
Oriental Business.
The California State Board of Trade has
taken upon itself the task of, awakening
an Interest on the part of the people of
this State in the commercial Importance
of the Philippines and China. At Its last
meeting General Chipman was authorized
to engage an able lecturer to speak upon
these Important matters ln various parts
of California, and the gentleman selected
Is Hon. F. X. Schoonmaker, who is rated
as the best informed lecturer in the coun
try. In order to present the situation. Mr.
Schoonmaker will endeavor to address the
commercial and other business men 'of
the entire State, and he will begin his
course of lectures in Sherman & . Clay's
hall next Monday • evening. The State
Board has Issued about 1000 Invitations to
prominent merchants and business men,
and a - large « attendance is expected.
STRONG COMPANY
WELL WORTHY OF
MUCH APPLAUSE
Frawley 's Players Are
Warmly Welcomed.
»
"THE LAST WORD" A SUCCESS
— * —
BLANCHE BATES WAS IN HER
HAPPIEST VEIN.
♦
Home-Coming of Company Marked
With Cordial Greeting From a
Well-Pleased Audience - and
a Speech.
"Well, I've brought her back," said Mr.
Frawley when, after the first act of "The
Last Word," a half-dozen curtain calls
made a speech Imperative. In fact he
has brought them all back and a few
more to outstretched hands and a most
cordial welcome. Could anything more
happily follow an enthusiastic greeting
than Miss Bates' initial speech in the
play, "l think I'm pretty well acquainted
already!" , We, are tremendously sincere
in our likes and Miss Bates is one of our
constancies.
. Is it safe to set eight-course dinners
before a public semi-invalided on a year's
liberal soft diet of dramatic gruels and
simples? We're Just perverse enough,
though, to grow convalescent and wax
fat on them and face our inevitable win
ter starvation with the appetites of
wolves. We have Mr. Miller's company,
we have Mr. Morrison and Miss Roberts,
and now Mr. Frawley brings us a strong
company well worthy of applause. It
lacks but one thing and that is a Frank
Worthing. Miss Bates, Mr. Frawley. Mr.
Hickman, Mr. Cook are old favorites.
The play, too,. is old, yet ever new. If
you have in you a touch of the concern
of the philosopher, for the race you will
see In It a dramatized human grievance—
the man Who devotes his life to. guarding
his integrity, as an autocrat, consuming
much happiness and producing nothing,
knowing nothing, feeling ' nothing but
tyranny He is common enough in our
midst, "well fed, tight listed, self-approv
ing, bearing the experience of age but
not a whit of the experience of life. You
can never affix the exact moral tag to his
kind, but you know it is shocking bad
form for him to continue to live. God
pity the world if his dominion were com
plete. Atop of this heaviness come tne
dancing rhythms of the Baroness Bora
neff of the world, who run you Into sun
shine at -the point of the bayonet,. if. need
be Miss Bates' Baroness has grown per
ceptibly in dramatic strength.
It is ever Russian with never a slip of
the tongue.- If I were asked her distinct
ive qualification , I should say tempera
ment It overflows her most effortless
successes : and makes of Vera the very
woman the author had in mind. The au
dience paid a fitting tribute, to her abillty
and in a graceful little speech she easily
expressed her gratitude. Mr. Hickman is
always good and he finds Alexander Airy
an easy vehicle for his talent. Mr. Cooke
as the secretary was most acceptable, ex
cept at the close of the third act. The
climax was one of mistaken vehemence.
The step from amateur to professional is
a long one and Mr. Mathleu does not take
it gracefully, at least not as Boras Bora
neff for he plays, the part rather stiffly - ,
with an unmistakable German accent. Of
the new people, Miss Mould was especially
winning. Without challenging our ap
proval she walked Into it most securely,
and I don't believe she knew it. either.
The role of Faith Rutherell is not a grate
ful one, and so let us reserve our judg
ment of Miss VanßUren until we see her
again. Mr. Frawley and his company are
worthy our applause and suppport. 'Our
plaudits they have won. We shall speak
that .'last word,' Brave all— done!
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
TIVOLrS "BLUE BEARD."
The premier of the'Tlvoll's summer bur
lesque, "Blue Beard," attracted a large
audience to the theater last evening, and
when the curtain fell on the last act the
general verdict of all present was that
the production was one of the most suc
cessful seen at the theater in many years.
There Is a pleasing J freshness in every
part of the production, the lines are up
to date, the most popular music is in
corporated and the costumes and scenic
effects are ln , keeping. . .The entire com
pany was accorded an ovation at the end
of each act, and as for the encores, they
were demanded until the actors -. were
tired out. Edwin Stevens, William Pru
ette, Georgle Cooper, , William Schuster,
Annie Myers, Charlotte Beckwith. Phil
Branson and Ada Palmer Walker and the
rest : of the company made Individual
"hits" with their. songs, jokes and dances,
and the box office of the Tlvoli is likely
to do a rushing business during "the time
that "Blue Beard" is kept in the bills.
The "whirlwind dancers" are. a distinct
novelty, and their dances last evening
were redemanded by the audience . over
and over again. / ■■'-. : ■ : .r : -.-.l
Trunk moved, 26c; furniture,, pianos, freight.
Signal Transfer Co. . 630 Jones : tel. Sutter 441.
Fell From a Platform.
J. Bagley',. a laborer. 42 years old, fell
from \ a , platform -to the ground, , a dis
tance of about thirty - feet, at the , Potrero
Gas Works at 10:30 o'clock last night and
sustained a * fracture of j the . skull. He
was removed to . the : Receiving Hospital,
where his injuries were attended to, but
he is not expected, to survive. Bagley
was formerly employed at the works. He
has no family so far as known.
PLANTED HIS
FISTS ON THE
RABBI'S FACE
Angry Husband Seeks
to Be Revenged.
— •— —
CAVASSACOOK'S MANY WOES
'..".. .*.'. •"---■•-.
ACCUSES DOMENSTEIN OF
MEETING HIS WIFE.
»
Catching Him With His Better Half,
He Steals Up Behind the Rabbi
and Knocks Him
Down.
"You're no good! You try to induce
my wife to get a divorce from me. and
now you want to win her affections. Take
that, you scoundrel, and that!"
Thus declared J. Cavassacook, a sec
ond-hand dealer, last evening as he
struck Rabbi Frank Domenstein several
times in the face, the last blow knocking
the reverend gentleman Into the street.
A policeman saw the occurrence and
placed both men under arrest. At the
City Prison, they were charged -with dis
turbing the peace.
The assault took place at Ellis and
Hyde streets and was witnessed by Ca
vassacook's wife.' According to his story
his wife recently commenced divorce pro
ceedings against him, alleging cruelty on
his part. Cavassacook claims that . the
rabbi, who was a frequent visitor to his
home, influenced his wife to seek a legal
separation from him.
■'I suspected that the rabbi was meeting
mv wife clandestinely," remarked the in
jured husband, "and • I determined to
watch them. I saw him standing on Ellis
street, and concluding that he was wait
ing for my wife I concealed myself in a
doorway and waited for developments. In
a few "minutes my wife joined him and
they engaged in an animated conversa
tion. „-fc__i .-'!--;
"I could not control myself, and rush
ing up to Domenstein I struck him in the
face. As he staggered back I caught him
with a left hook on the jaw and put him
out. My wife stood by, and when I ac
cused her of meeting the rabbi by ap
pointment she walked 'away."
The rabbi emphatically denied that he
was In the habit of meeting Mrs. Cavas
sacook or that their relations were . any
thing but friendly.
"I was walking along Ellis street," he
remarked in telllne his story-, '.'when I ac
cidentally met. Mrs. Cavassacook. She
started to tell me of her domestic trou
•bles when Cavassacook rushed up behind
me and struck me with his clenched fist."
Domenstein says he has presided over
synagogues in Cleveland and Boston. He
arrived in this city from the East about
five months ago.
MISTAKEN IDENTITY.
Richard Reynolds Appears Before the
Coroner, Who Believed Him
Dead.
The body of an unknown man was
found floating in the bay off Hatha way's
wharf, between Spear and Steuart streets,
yesterday morning by Joseph Gray and
Joseph Gomex, boatmen. It was taken
to the Morgue and in the pockets of the
clothes was found a letter addressed to
Richard Reynolds, bearing the date of
last August. The afternoon papers pub
lished accounts containing the Informa
tion that Richard Reynolds had been
drowned, and last evening Reynolds, alive
and sound, appeared at the Coroner's of
fice to prove his mortality., When shown
the letter Reynolds acknowledged that It
belonged to him, but could not account
for Its presence on the person of the dead
man, whom he says he does not know.
The only Information he can give Is
that while rooming in a .lodging house
near the water front last summer he be
came acquainted with a young Italian,
who occupied the room next to him. Rey
nolds thinks that he may possibly the
party who was drowned, but cannot iden
tify him, as the face is . beyond recogni
tion. The body is that of a man about
35 years old, dressed in a black, well
worn, diagonal suit, and Is 5 feet 7. inches
in height. It has been in the water about
eight days. .■''«,
ESTATES OF THE DEAD.
Wills Filed and Application for Ad
ministration Letters Made.
The will of the late James William
Hart, who died May 8, leaving property
valued at $5000, was filed for probate yes
terday. The estate Includes stock in the
California Drydock Company and the
Ship Owners', and Merchants' Tugboat
Company. The entire estate Is devised to
Barbara Smyth Hart and Elizabeth Hart,
daughters - of. the testator, who reside at
Sterling, Scotland.
The. holographic will of Mrs. Bertha M.
L.. Ziska, who died on the 6th inst., was
also filed for probate. Decedent's estate,
which is of small value, is devised to her
daughter, Alice Ziska Jennings.
Mrs. Johanna Fitzpatrlck filed applica
tion yesterday for letters of administra
tion upon the $10,000 estate of her sister,
Mrs. Bridget Geary, who died: June 2.
S. P. Smith applied for letters of ad
ministration upon -the estate of J. R.
Moore, who died . May 10 In Mohave Coun
ty. Arizona. The estate will not exceed
$10,000 In value.
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, t . a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
DARING EASTERN CROOK
LOCKED UP IN THE TANKS
Broke Into Several Residences and
Got Away With Plunder.
Billy Page, a Noted Housebreaker, Arrested by the
Detectives in a Bush-Street Lodging-House.
Stolen Jewelry Found in His Room.
LOCKED up In the tanks of the City
Prison is a desperate Eastern
crook who the police think Is re
, 1 Q sponsible for at least a half-dozen
burglaries committed" In the "West
ern Addition. His name is William Page,
and according to the police he is known
as one of the most daring burglars in the
country.
During the past week Captain of De
tectives Bohen has received several com
plaints concerning the bold operations of
Page. In nearly every case the desperate
housebreaker succeeded in gaining an en
trance by prying open a window with a
jimmy. Last Sunday night he entered a
house on Sutter street, near Scott, and
got away with a quantity of jewelry and
silverware. The jimmy which he used in
forcing open the window through which
he entered was found in the garden, where
it had evidently been dropped by him.
Realizing that he had an unusually suc
cessful burglar to deal with. Captain Bo
hen detailed Detectives Gibson. Wren.
Dinan and McMahon to concentrate their
RESIDENTS PETITION
FOR COOP'S DISCHARGE
BELVEDERE LAUD CO.'S SUPER
INTENDENT NOT POPULAR.
The water troubles of Belvedere are now
an old story, but the troubles of John
Coop, the superintendent of the Belve
dere Land Company, have just com
menced and will probably end in Coop's
dismissal.
It is now nearly two weeks since the
wells of the city among the hills refused
to work, and during that time the best
that the fashionable residents have been
able to get in the way of water has been
a dry shampoo.
They bore their misfortune until pa
tience became a weakness, and yesterday
they concluded that it was time to take
some decided action. The action has re
sulted in a petition, got up by E. J. Benja
man, which sets forth the unhappy con
dition of things and prays the Belvedere
Land Company to remove its superin
tendent, John Coop, and place some one
in charge of Its affairs who is both com
petent and willing, to discharge the du
ties he is paid to perform.
Though the petition appeared only yes
terday morning it met with such popular
approval that thirty-four signatures were
secured before the early boat reached the
city. It is thought that when it is pre
sented to the company only three of the
entire population will not" have their
names attached to it, and these three
are in favor of the movement and are
only restricted by business and social
reasons from openly indorsing it.
The residents of Belvedere claim that
there is plenty of water on the island
and that did Coop properly attend to his
business such trouble as now exists would
not be possible.
The well that was dug last summer is.
they say, capable of supplying the en
tire place, let alone the four or rive others
that are available. But so little labor is
employed in the care of these sources of
supply that they amount to but little more
than caved-in sinkholes. Not only is the
lack of water a great Inconvenience and
discomfort, hut to the land owners of
Belvedere it assumes a much more seri
ous aspect when it causes the value of
their real estate to deteriorate and their
summer tenants to move back to their
homes on this side nt the bay.
Trained Nurses at Any Hour.
Goodban's Invalids' Supply Depot,
1117 Van Ness, pear Post. Tel. E. 579.
COURT NOTES.
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
has sued Honora Hogan, James Hogan, J.
J. Raver, Lucius L. Solomons, Pauline
Nathan and W. XV. "Wise to orec'.ose a
mortgage of $3000 on a piece of property at
Washington and Cherry streets.
Thomas E. Cashin has sued the Market
Street Railway Company to recover $10,000
damages for personal injuries sustained in
an accident. at Eddy and Market streets
on June 1. " , ' ' . _ , r
Teresa Bell filed suit against Lucius L.
Solomons to recover possession of a lot on
Sutter street, near Octavia. Mrs. Bell
claims that the deed obtained by the de
fendant from former Sheriff Whelan does
not defeat her title, and that on the pay
ment of $50 consideration she is entitled
to judgment quieting title to the prop
erty, which is worth $14,000.
Lena A. Burke has filed suit to compel
her husband, Harry A Burke, to pay her
permanent alimony for the maintenance
of herself and minor child. .
The four boy burglars. John Martin,
John Leonl, Frank Majors and Edward
Scheele, appeared before Judge Mogan
yesterday. The evidence was strong
against them. They broke Into a cigar
factory at 318 Broadway and stole 700
cigars, and also into the grocery of John
Hillman, Battery and Green streets, where
they stole a quantity of soap. Majors,
who came from Monterey County three
weeks ago, will be shipped on board the
Pensacola, and the others will probably
be sent to the Boys' and Girls' Aid So
ciety.
Frank Lopa, who is known" as the knife
wlelder, was sent to the County Jail for
sixty days by Judge Mogan yesterday for
disturbing the peace. He was arrested on
Broadway, near the County Jail, while
flourishing a knife and threatening to kill
a man. ■"■■■■? ■'. '■'_! -yy --v
Annie Bassett, who claimed to be a re
spectable lady, was arrested early yester
day morning: on Kearny street by Police
man McGee on charges of battery and
vagrancy. She told the Judge that while
she was going home she stumbled over
the prostrate form of a man, and was do
ing: the Samaritan act when the policeman
arrested her. and she slapped his face.
She called upon some soldiers to help her,
but the policeman overawed them. She
declared that she had never been arrested
before, but the Judge discovered that it
was her seventh appearance and convicted
her on both charges. She will be sen
tenced to-day.
David S. Perry, the contractor, was sent
to the Stockton Insane Asylum by the In
sanity Commissioners yesterday. 'Judge
Mogan upon being notified of the fact dis
missed the charges against him on his
calendar. His attorney, Archie Campbell,
will apply- to-day for letters of guardian
ship in favor of Perry's sister, so that she
can complete the contract . for erecting a
residence for George Osbourne, the actor.
•- The charge of assault with a deadly
weapon against Clarence McMullen, con
tractor, Point - Lobos avenue, was dis
missed by Judge Mogan yesterday. • He
was accused' of striking J. H. McCoy on
the head with a loaded cane, . but McCoy
told the Judge that he and McMullen had
shaken hands and he would not prosecute
him.
Charles Webber, a saloon-keeper at '32
Second street, -who was convicted by
Judge Treadwell on Wednesday of con
ducting a gambling or percentage game
in the shape of :a: nlckel-ln-the-slot ma
chine, appeared for . sentence yesterday,
but at the .request; of his attorney sen
tence was deferred till to-morrow. ; The
case , will : probably be appealed, as six
teen others are in the same position. .-:
Frank Magulre,- the * pickpocket con
victed of vagrancy by Judge Conlan on
v\ ednesday. appeared for sentence vester
day. The Judge gave him six months ■■ in
the County Jail. Another /charge against
him ; and :■ "Kid" Young will ;be heard to
day. . '" ,--■•-- y
George Green, a well-known thief, wag
, ....... ,,:. -
efforts In locating him. Last Monday
evening they saw a man answering the
description of the much wanted burglar
walking along Grant avenue.
He was followed to a lodging-house, on
BOsh street, and as he entered his room
the detectives followed him. : ' ':
He was closely questioned and as he fre
quently contradicted himself the detec
tives concluded to search his room. In a
bureau drawer they found several articles
of jewelry which had been stolen from a
residence in the Western Addition. A
"jimmy" and a bunch of skeleton keys
were also discovered in his apartments.
Page was then placed under arrest and
taken to the City Prison, where his name
was registered on the small book. To
day the detectives expect to have suffi
cient evidence to warrant them in placing
several charges of burglary against him.
Page, so the police think, was accompa
nied in his midnight raids by another
crook, who is also well known in the
East. The detectives are looking for him
and are confident of having him in the.
tanks in a few days.
It is said that Page was recently dis
charged from Joliet. where he served a
long term for breaking into a house and
stealing diamonds valued at $3000.
convicted by Judge Ccnlan yesterday on
a charge of petty larcf-iy and was sent to
the County Jail for four months. He
stole a case of whisky from a buggy in
front of the Cafe Royal, but was cap
tured before he got away with it.
Michael Ryan, a sneakthief, was con
victed by Judge Treadwell yesterday on
two charges of petty larceny and was or
dered to appear for sentence to-day. He
stole two bicycles in one day and pawned
them. Charges of burglary and having
burglars* tools In his possession were dis
missed.
J. Tomalty, alias Murphy, and Elmer
Martin, alias Miller, were charged before
Judge Treadwell yesterday with battery
upon a Chinese laundryman on Howard
street. Martin was convicted and sen
tenced to six months in the County
Jail. Tomalty was convicted of using
vulgar language, and will be sentenced
to-day. They were also booked yesterday
on the charge of petty larceny for steal
ing an overcoat on Saturday night from
109 /_ Seventh street.
•■ E. B. Wolff brought suit yesterday
against L. C. Bertin and C. Lepori for
$211 17 on an assigned account of the Ore
gon & Washington Flour Company.
Justice of the Peace Dunne yesterday
! gave judgment for plaintiff in the- suit of
H. P. Duckett against S. K. Matsuse and
Otto K. Kawkami, proprietors of the
Japanese Opera Company. Duckett sued
for moneys due for scene painting.
| M H. DeYoung yesterday brought suit
i against Z. . XV. Burn ham for $193 50, al
leged to be due for rent of a flat at 1131
j Polk street. *.'-' * ' '; 7 '
ADVERTISEMENTS. . \
A LOVING, DAINTY WIFE
Likes to see her husband arrayed in
immaculate linen. We can cite many
cases of where wives insist on sending
their linen to our laundry, and ladies
are good Judges of how laundry work
should be done and know a good thing
when they see it.
No saw edges.
The United States -Laundry. Off loa
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
ONE WEEK Eg si
FREE . r ]3L §
Treatment and Medicine 3f^4L S
Catarrh FOR ness, J S%^
Catarrh Deafness, mmwr
NOISES IN THE EARS §___ SZ/L1
AND THROAT DISEASES .^3. / <A
given to show the superior i-SSy' _r__L •'
fierit of my new Invention Ssjy •________-!
nd ANTISEPTIC treatment: W _S__R"
that gives many marvelous !®& i^___^9
cures and so easy a child :
cap use It. In 1200 test casta Si t_£k__l___sK.
411 CATARRHAL patients re- » ____BE____^
llrved and SO per cent Deaf- |§hei_i__i_____H^S'
nese cured. Best of references -g_raS_a__M__?K ,
and hundreds of endorsements.- But the best is
to try it and be convinced while you can.
FREE FOR ONE WEEK.
Call at dace or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
682 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— A. M.. 1-3 and 7-8 P. M.
ATTENTION,
REPUBLICAN
CLUBS!
The presidents , and secretaries of In-
dependent Republican Clubs are invited
to; meet the Executive Committee of
the Central Republican Committee at
their headquarters, Grand Hotel, on
THURSDAY EVENING, July 13,
AT 8 O'CLOCK,
For conference as to the plan of- select-
ing delegates to the Municipal Conven-
tion. \i- /.■ Z. U. DODGE,
Chairman Executive Committee.
JAMES A. WILSON, Secretary.
Money at 6 per Gent
Money to loan at 6 per cent per annum on
, City Real Estate Security, by
THE HIBERNIA SAVINGS AND
LOAN SOCIETY.