VOLUME LXXXTI->'o. SS.
THOUSANDS UPON
THOUSANDS GIVE WILD-WELCOME
TO OUR HEROES
Throngs of Visitors i
From All Parts of !
the State Look With Awe Upon the Magnificent Electric and Pyrotechnic
Displays of the Best Executed Celebration- Ever Witnessed on the Coast.
COUNTERMARCH AT INTERSECTION OF MARKET AND KEARNY.
T- such a hot time in ;
the old town last night that it !
smoked. A glorious zz.dlzz was f
made long after midnight of the
three days' reception to the j
volunteers of California return- i
-
ed from the Philippines, and the people j
who hai made it returned to their
homes, hoarse from cheering, their vis
ion blurred by the glare of red fire and
electric lights, their legs aching from
hoars of standing, but none the less {
happy that the boys were home for j
-
keeps and that they had had such an
opportunity of testifying their joy.
For three days, at every step in the
progress cf the welcome to the heroes.
the verdict has been heard on every
hand that nothing approaching It had
ever been seen in San Francisca The
sam« verdict holds good fcr the gor
geous wind-up. Nothing like it has
ever been seen before In San Francisco
and, more, nothing- like it will prob
ably be seen until some other .:ca- !
-itn — which seems far off when the
men cf the State, called to -—a, have
responded as have these Califcmiass, ]
The San Francisco Call.
have won glory at the cannon's mouth
and have returned to their homes -" by
the Golden Gate. Then ali California
may come again to San Francisco and
-
join with the city folk in such another
'demons -ration, but not tin then.'
A very Nile of humanity poured early
.*-_ - - • .
in the evening out of the city's homes,
its hotels and it 3 lodging-houses, to
join other- crowds coming' in on boats
and trains, to crowd the line of inarch
and to oversow in every direction. The
■
Western Addition, tmdertnined by this
popular inundation, was carried along
with the tide and found itself, mayhap,
dumped to the south of Market; Rich
mondites, caught _______ Bee cf en
thuisasm, were swept this way and :
that, some being ca^.t upon the water
front and ' others in the highlands
above Noe and Eureka valleys. No such
a swirling of manhood and womanhood
and childhood could have been carried
in so many different directions, .. been
tossed about by so many currents, and
kept Its good temper and regained its
proper place when the fieod had sub- -
sided and the reception .was at aa end. ;
SA_N" FEAJN' CISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 27, 1899-THIETY-TWO PAGES.
The grand night parade in honor of
the First Regiment and the heavy ar
tillery was scheduled to move not later
than 3 o'clock. Everybody knew every-
body- else wanted, to see -". ■__*_ knew
also that advantageous positions were
few. and, far between. In consequence,
the crowds began to gather early. At
6 - o'clock . in the evening there was a
continuous, If thin. line of people ex-
tended along the Market curbs .from
Van Ness avenue to the ferry depot. At
half past 6 a person found it difficult
to make his way through the crowds on
the sidewalks. At ' o'clock nearly
everybody was out and nearly every-
body knows _how.it was.
It .was dark. Tou could tell -". by the
grand electrical display, official and
private, which made "ffirfcrt street as
light as day and a good deal more at-
tractive. The familiar --_.-_: of cow-
bells- and toot horns and sirens and
booming cannons wa3 in the air.
Rockets shot high into the heavens,
Roman candles sputtered and occa-
5 -_.. firecrackers made their funny '--'--
rtle cracks- The man with - tha^caega-.
Through the Streets and Under Myriads of Wondrously Multi-Colored Lights
Swept a Mighty Column Sending Forth Glad Acclaim in Honor of the
i phone was everywhere lending his
i voice to the general ----- The stars
' above were dimmed by the Incandes
, cents, while the stars below were draw
.-- their clubs and expectorating on
their fists preparatory to the tremen
: dous task be: .re them of* keeping the
■ human tide within bounds. .
. That was on Market street. , Out »
Van Ness avenue, where the big parade
was about to form, there was a lack of
official electric illumination, but no.lack
of people, of strings of ."taming lanterns,
cr fireworks or noise-making inven
tions. The sidewalks of ; the avenue
were jammed, the picket •■ fences, the
steps to residences, the broad flights of
stone stairs leading to church and -ca-
thedral and -the windows of every
home. Out as far as Broadway, where
the different divisions were forming. to
make up the parade, there was a great
scene of bustle, the gail ; . r. _ cf mar
shal** and the shoutings ■-: aids. There
was confusion out of which it seemed
hopeless to ' form anything, much less
; an orderly parade of the immense pro
, portions contemplated. - '
I At 8 o'clock the different sections
were in pretty good shape for the start
.on Van Ness avenue but downtown the
■ Sood cf humanity had absorbed so
■ many tributaries that more than one
I vert tired the guess that no parade
could hope to make the slightest head-
way on Market street. That thorough
■fare was a pert" jam from one cad to
> the other. As far as the eye could see —
and that was a pretty- long distance,
-thanks to the official illumination —
there was a closely packed mass of hu
: manity from house-line to house-line.
;On the sidewalks people had given over
the Idea of walking and stc-od stock still
;to await the parade. There was not the
; slightest chance for any person on the
• pavement to crowd over the -curb out
1 of the way of the expected precession.
How, then, was it going to. pas 3?
Everybody gave it up, with the *_____>-
- tion of those who had the parade in
; charge. For a -fane even they were at
a less, but they made it at last and the
i procession did move — but Bra another
I story.
J ' -In ■ the hear., cf - the cgy^ jy here >i_.
press was greatest, the police had |
thoughtfully stretched wire' cables
along the curbs and had roped in the
cross streets In an effort to keep back
the popular flood. They might as well
have saved themselves the trouble. A
sieve wouid have been just as efficaci
ous to stop water as a wire rope the
pushing throngs that had left . their
homes to see the finish to the x..;;-.
and to lend their voices to acclaim the
heroes. Cables were parted like so
much twine, and before & man could
say "Chief Lees" :r the late "Captain
Jack .Robinson," the overflow from, the
sidewalks had covered the pavements
*_____ feet deep with the best natured,
most daring, most patriotic crowd In
all creation. The policemen absolutely ;
threw up their hands, for a while at !
I - .
least.
The scene along Market street at this
n rt at Uda
time was beaut, beyond a dream.
7"-- ■ lO.GCO incandescent lamps of the
official ilium fna ting plant were all
: ablaze, . and twice 19,000 more red and
: white and blue and yellow on the busi-
Largg- houses of the 'JgMtt their ':.-_.-,
PBICE FIVE CENTS.
Home Coming
of Our Heroes.
Hancy to the thoroughfare. At the
lower end the ferry depot was an
architectural iridescence; up on Twin
Peaks dag tar barrels and red fire
gave a fair imitation of the boiler
room of an inferno. From every block
iB the whole length of that great line
-great spouts of flame shooting in air
told that the fireworks committee was
attending to business and adding to
the occasion.
The merrymakers beneath the lights
were having a high old time testifying
were having a 1 . tfcß
their joy of participation. They were
doing everything a crowd ever did at a
hoUdaying and adding some "wrinkles
that were distinctly noveL Those
safely ensconced in stands and win
dows jibed merrily at the less fortunate
on the sidewalks and pavements, who
■
were at no loss for retorts, which, if
they were not courteous, were not lack-
- -
ing In that breeze that goes to make
up the carnival ''spirit. There was not
the slightest bit of ill-nature and no
spirit of envy.
Those above looked down en those be-
Those above looked down on those be
law^merely.^because'_;*_^_r. w_re _e_t__*2
situated geographically, not that thf?.
were any better off. or were having anj
better time, or were more willing 01
better equipped to give everybody's bo!
dier boys the right kind of welcome.
There was no point on any building
where a human being could gain foot
hold, or hang on by tooth or nail, tha
was not pre-empted long before tin
hour set for the appearance of the pa
rado. Telephone poles, which from tirm
immemorial have been the roostir.i
places for tl*"' small boys of San Fran-
cisco, bore an extra -crop •of youth
roofs were crowded with it; the crowd:
teemed with it.
And babies— well, there were manj
of them in arms thai a- visitor fron
Mars might have thought *PrCsidehi
McKinley had issued. another call foi
volunteers to lick into ' proper.. shapj
some new-found foe Stand where yoi
would in the densely packed street
you would see women and men with ba
bies at breast and on'sSoulder, with
any number of little toddlers at skirt?
and coattails: and it speaks volumes
for the infants of San Prancisco that
none of them exhibited fear at the
great gathering or the Unwonted lights.
It speaks other volumes, too, for the
crowds of San Francisco that parents
dare venture their darlings in their
midst. After hist night's experience.it
would seem that they can do it with
Impunity. No case was reported where
any little one had come off the worse
for a most delirious experience.
And there is no doubt that it was
delirious. Everybody was going every
which way. Nobody knew and very
few seemed to care. The only idea that
seemed to possess all minds alike was
to get the best possible position to view
the parade and shout for the warlike
sons of California. Men and women at
a loss for a seat In -a stand or a win-
dow did the next best thing and se-
cured standing room in some wagon or
hired a hack or buggy and were driven
around on the side streets until such
time as they believed the procession
'was duo to pass, when they took , up
their positions as near Market street
as they could get. *.'.
Stcpladders were borrowed by others
from accommodating friends in stores
and office buildings and planted on
other side streets as near the line of
march as might be. Men and women
with camp stools and chairs and boxes
chased around frantically, pushed and
elbowed — maybe some of them swore
cuss words— in the effort to get within
spying distance.
It was all movement, except for the
parade, which did not seem as if it
would ever come, and light and smoke
from the red fire and noise from the
shouting voices, the horns and bells
and bombs and cannon. v
And so it got to be half-past 8 o'clock
before the signal rockets from the
stand at Van Ness avenue and Market
street announced to the watchers in the
stand of the finance committee at
Lotta's fountain that the great proces
sion was in motion. It was, but the
motion was slow by reason of the great
crowds that blocked its passage on the
avenue, forced back unwillingly on the
crowd on Market street that contained
the promise of blocking it altogether.
It became apparent to those in charge
of the parade that something had to
be done to clear the way for the march
ing men. The police, for the time be-
ing, had thrown up their hands.
It was thought that cavalry might do
better and a troop was sent out on
Market street to see what it could d**.
It did fairly well considering. The
crowds gave way as it approached and
closed in as it passed, leaving condi
tions exactly as they were and the
troopers none the wiser.
FIRST REGIMENT ARTILLERY
HOW THE CALIFORNIA BOYS ARE LOCATED.
C-.J-3HE most frequent question asked by visitors to the camp is in regard to the location of some com-
pany or battalion, and it is not often easy to find . a man except one . belonging to the organization
sought who can tell much about it. ;• In view of this, the accompanying diagram will prove of interest and
'■*•* information. "' * .'.'-;■'!•"■*"-/
;..*.' The camp is considered from the standpoint of the line of tents occupied by the commanding officers and
their staffs. The battalions each occupy one street, two companies below and two above the kitchens and mess
rooms, each company occupying eight circular tents. ' In the case of the .artillery battalion, the batteries being
.much larger than the infantry companies, there Is one below and one above the mess rooms. The groups of
.three tents at the end of each battalion street are occupied by the battalion commanders and their adjutants,
with one tint for a battalion headquarters. The four square tents at the; end' of each line of circular tents
are occupied by the company officers. " ■'•'..' -
_____ _____ ■_. ____._..____.____ __ ___ ____ ___ ____.______.*____.'____.'•■ -' '
MYRIADS OF SCINTILLATING LIGHTS TURN
Still the -head , of the procession
crawled on snail-like on the avenue,
many bars behind the lively marches
played by the League of the Cross band
that headed it. And slowly the thou-
sands in the other twenty-one divisions
followed, so slowly that it took nearly
three quarters of an hour before the
. detail of mounted police in advance
turned on to Market street.
..As soon as they faced the solid mass
on that thoroughfare it became plain
to their practiced eyes that something
heroic had to be done if the parade
was to' pass any given point at any
given time. Chief Lees solved the
problem. He sent orders post haste
to the Central -and Southern police sta
tions and to the police stables and or
dered out all the patrol wagons and
all the drivers available. He ordered
them to meet the head of the procession
at McAllister arid Market streets, fall
in ahead, eight abreast, and force the
crowd out of the way.
At the given place, at the time or-
dered, the eight wagons wheeled in |
ahead of the mounted police, their j
right headlights gleaming. Eight driv- •
ers "gee upped" to sixteen nags and :
the crowd gave in, unwillingly at first,
' but it gave in and the' procession
moved, still slowly, down the line, to be
cheered and to wave flags in return, to ,
be illuminated with red fire and to
cheer itself.
It was almost 10 o'clock when the I
head of the procession reached Kearny i
street, and it was an hour later that,
j having countermarched up Market, to
Montgomery, to California to Kearny, |
it met the parade still passing down .
Market street. -
It was all as beautiful as it could be. j
Every organization in line looked its
best and stepped its best Major Gen
eral Shafter and a couple of his staff
in a carriage rode ahead of a detach
ment of the Third Artillery in its full
dress. The Native Sons' section was
the largest' turnout of that* organiza
tion in many a long day, each parlor
vying with the other in point of num
* :^. :■■'■■ :■*.:.■■■ * ■_. :.■ :.- :..*- l ■-.■,- ..-,- :•_,--..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SI'NDAT, AUGUST 27. 1899.
bers and appointments: the Foresters,
the Woodmen, the Red Men in the garb
of aborigines, the Irish section, the
German Vereins, the Austrian guards,
all had fine representation in line.
The division of white-trousered pu
pils of the public schools under com
mand of Marshal George Miehling
made a fine showing, although the
young drummers attached thumped
the sheepskins so Industriously that
they made the marchers hump to keep
up with them. The Jackies of the bat
tleship lowa were loudly cheered. The
journeymen butchers in their white
aprons made up a big division, and so
did the Exempts and the volunteer
firemen and the Fraternal Eagles and
the commercial travelers and their float
of trunks. The ladies and gentlemen
of the Toung Men's and the Young
Ladies' Institutes were in the line in
number. -•;•*. '.;.-;■
By the time the two ends of the pa
rade were passing each other on Market
street the police by the greatest display
of energy had succeeded in getting the
crowd far enough back to allow of
good marching 'time, but, despite this.
SOME INCIDENTS OF THE BIG DAY.
it seemed a long time before the Cali
fornia volunteers came in sight. For
two hours the parade had passed, and
still they came not. At last they were
due, the veterans of the Spanish-Amer
ican war and the wounded of the First
California had passed in carriages and
had been cheered 4 until the welkin
rang, and all necks were stretched up
; street for the First and the Heavy Ar
| tillery. They didn't seem to come, al-
though all else in the parade appeared
to have passed.
A wait of twelve minutes and people
began to think that, by reason of the
fact that the banquet at the ferry de-
pot had' been timed for 10:30 and that it
was then midnight, the Fighting First
and the artillerists had been marched
down some other street to the ferry
and would not parade.
It was no sooner thought than it was
believed. Still no sign of them and the
crowds broke up and again filled the
street, many leaving in sheer disgust.
"It's a shame!" said one man.
Another was about to acquiesce,
when a loud shouting was heard up the
street. ;'**'•"%
"Here they come!" was the cry, the
lines re-formed, red fire was lighted
again, all was joy and cheers. The
volunteers, for whom a whole city had
turned out, were not going to disap
point their friends. It had net been
their fault that the hiatus had occurred
in tiie line. The crowds above had
simply overwhelmed and held posses
sion of them from the crowds below.
They were marching as fast as they
Could. •
The ovations the returned volunteers
received along the line were as numer
ous as were once the cobbles on Market
street. It would be simply impossible
to describe them, so what's the use
trying? They were cheered at every
step of the road and they cheered back
at every other time. The whole town
went mad and the volunteers piled into
their, second banquet at the ferry depot
long enough after midnight to call it
another breakfast.
MIXED WITH
THE PEOPLE
A platoon of mounted police, a pla
toon of United States Cavalry, the
grand marshal and his aids and a band
passed, and then the United States
troops opened the real parade. They
were led by .'a band of the Third Ar
tillery from Angel Island. Then came
Captain Sedgwick Pratt in command of
the artillery battalion, which consisted
of Battery E, under Lieutenant Haynes
from Fort Mason. Battery O from the
Presidio, under Captain Bennett, and
Light Battery C, under Captain Califf.
Right behind the artillery came the de
tachment from the lowa, led by the
marine band. There was a company of
marines, under Captain Carmany and
First Lieutenant Rittenhouse, and a
company of bluejackets, under Lieuten
ant Twining and Naval Cadets Babcock
and Bowers. The whole was under the
command of Lieutenant Witzel, who
had upon his staff Naval Cadet Hanra
han, adjutant, and Passed Assistant
Surgeon Crandali. ■*■-.-,' ■-.-■-;
The division made a fine showing, and
all along the line of march it was greet
ed with cheers and the waving of flags.
The men from the lowa were particu
larly well received, and they marched
in a way to merit all the applause they
were given. / w;: " .
Down through the line after the divi
sion of regular soldiers and sailors had
passed, there were scattered here and
there bodies of men under arms. There
was the Veteran Reserves of Califor
nia, the Austrian Guard, in their
feathered hats and gray uni
forms, the * . well-known Independ
ent Rifles, the Knights of the
Red Branch, the German shooting
societies and the Veteran Guard. j Be
sides these there were the Dewey
Guard, a squad of boys in white sailor
suits, who had formed a guard to wel
come Dewey home. They were not
named for a place in the line, but
they came up to the Alameda division
of Native Sons, and the Native Sons
allowed them to 'follow on be
hind. Then came the school chil
dren, led by the band of the
(Horace Mann Evening School, a band
of boys, but one that played with the
lustiest; the Columbia Park Boys' Club.
under Captain C. R. Alberger; the
Boys' Brigade, and a good-looking body
of fifty or more naval apprentices from
the British vessels in the harbor.
Ahead of the apprentices was borne an
English flag, the first that has appear
ed in a military parade here in years.
At places along the line it was cheered.
Every one was waiting for the boys
in brown, so while the organizations ,
that preceded them received all kinds
of welcomes, the real cheers were kept
for those who were to come. They
were long in coming, for far up the
street the crowds began, to close in, and
the progress they made was slow and
uncertain.
The enthusiasm started over the
veterans of the Spanish war, the vete
rans who were not attached to any par-
ticular command and those who went
out from the State naval militia to
serve in the navy. The veterans were
headed by Charles Dutreaux, a naval
militiaman, who left the State organiz
ation to become a seaman on the Olym-
pia. He was with her during the bat-
tle of Manila. Just behind marched
some of the -men who were in the tug
fleet here, and then came the veteran
soldiers. It did not take the crowd long
to find out who was passing, and the
people gave cheers enough to wake
themselves up and make ready for
what was coming.
What was coming were mostly police
waving whips, aids with bedraggled
sashes and hoarse voices, patrol wag-
ons with bells clanging and cavalrymen
and Signal Corps men beating back the
advancing crowds with the flat of their
sabers. What the crowd didn't know
about the parade would fill a respect-
able column, but they did know that
last .of all would come the California
men, and that just before would come
the other veterans. As a consequence,
when it. neared the end, there was no
controlling the people. They rushed
out from the sidewalk, and the column
dwindled from company front to col-
umn of fours and then to column of
twos and even to single file. It was be-
cause of no desire on the part of the
people to break up the parade. They
didn't want any one else to get in ahead
of them, so every one rushed for a posi
tion in front, and there was no room
left for the troops.
Along Van Ness avenue it was hard
marching, but when the column of vol
unteers neared Market street it was a
day's work to go a block. When half-
past 10 arrived, when the boys, were ex-
pected to have passed down to the
ferry, back again and over Montgom
ery and Kearny streets, and then on
out Market again,* to be reviewed at
City Hall avenue, it was still trying.
with the aid of half the police force, to
make headway down the first block on
Market street. ■■■. , ■;' •"..*. *./-■.- -,-.;..*'•.'
And even the upper end of Market
street was not so bad as down below
Eighth,-, where .the strings of lamps end-
cd. ■; Below that it was every man for
himself and dodge the flying clubs if
he happened to be out of uniform. It
was a howling, struggling, sweltering
mass of humanity, packed closely as
hay in a bale and with the best of
good nature, trying to jockey each
other out of places on the curb or next
the tight-stretched ropes. The air was
full of cheers, and exploding powder,
and rockets and red fire, with its ac-
companying sulphurous smoke. Roman
candles were let off into the crowd,
with not a murmur from those who
caught the sparks; rockets showered
ribbons of flre in among the people, and
heads ducked now and then to dodge a
bomb wavering in its flight. But no
; one cared and no one complained; they
only crushed closer, guyed the police-
man nearest and waited for a chance
to make another inch toward where the
men were passing.
The California men marched ' as best
they could, but there was that about
their line which perhaps escaped the
ones who yelled the loudest or howled
the longest.. To many the straggling
line of old men who marched' by the
side of the boys were enthusiasts who
had dropped into the column to follow-
along, but to those who knew it was
one of the prettiest elements of the pa-
rade. They were the ■ veterans of the
Civil War— the members of the local
posts of the Grand Army, and it was
their line that was thrown around the
new veterans, coming home with new
stories, ' new glory, new' honors. The
grizzled old men could ; hardly stand
the strain' of the hurried march, the
harrying of the crowd,' the smoke, the
noise, the excitement, but they' strug
gled on until first one and then another
of the boys would give them a hand,
and so, arm in arm, the new and the
old. they walked down between the
dense masses of people, no longer a
' line, no longer the semblance of a col
umn, only a thin stream of men in
brown, helping along a few men in blue.
Together they took the cheers and to
gether they answered them, and bound
together by the tie which service un
der the flag weaves, between all men.
they divided the honor, and the boys
felt no loss from their share.
It was supposed that the line would
countermarch on Market street, and
that is what it tried to do, but the
crowd fixed it otherwise, and the coun- j
ter march was not all a success. It was
good enough until the volunteers came
along, and then it was good enough for
the* people on the near side, but those
across the way were not going to be
balked of a chance to see their own
regiment. When the military division
passed the volunteers again somewhere
near the reviewing stand there was not
much trouble, for the glitter of uni-
forms, the measured tread of regulars '*
and the rumbling of guns is sight
enough for any ordinary mortal, and j
the people kept their distance, but i
there is nothing forbidding in a column j
of native sons, particularly "" an open
one, with the men armed with flags, so
when" the Native Sons came along first
one more daring than the rest would
cut across; then another venturesome
one would follow, and when the watch-
ful police officer would give chase some
daring man would - make -bold to rush
through the citizen line dragging his
wife after ' him, or perhaps two or
three children. No self-respecting
crowd is going to stand that kind of
thing for any length of time, so before
the California men had come well in
sight the countermarch had developed
into a crossfire, with the unfortunate
countermarchers doing no better serv-
ice .than serving as squads around
which the crossing people could dodge
from the police. - /,'..'.
Two or three mounted officers rode
ahead, and in its wisdom the crowd
would give way and let them pass. The
same courtesy was accorded the patrol
wagons and troops of cavalry that had
left the line of countermarch and were
coming down the street again. But
when these powers of peace and war
had passed the crowd came in again,
/md so it went on down the street, a
wave along the front of the people,
keeping pace with the width of the wa
gons and then closing in to within
handshake of the boys.
When the column reached Third
street there was nothing but a narrow-
ribbon of blue and brown, for the ar
tillery men wore their blue uniforms.
and in the general mixup had mingled
with the .end of the regiment.
A carriage carrying two wounded
men made its way along faster than
the line, and hanging behind it, run-
ning when the carriage had a chance
to hurry, and pushing when it slowed
up, was Major Rice, commander of the
artillery, and his adjutant. Lieutenant
Koster. It was not dignified, but then
dignity had been left up the street, and
the major and his adjutant were mak-
ing fairly good time, and were corre
spondingly happy. . !'
- this way the rfren. reached the
ferry for the half past 10 o'clock ban-
quet. They were a little late, but they
didn't begrudge the time. It was after
12 o'clock, but if they could have seen
the way the people turned contentedly
for home, and hear what they said as
they fought for seats upon the cars,
perhaps the boys would not think they
had been kept waiting too long. They
have waited, but the city has waited,
and last night the people had their
turn. _
FRATERNITIES
IN THE LINE
The numerous fraternal beneficiary or
ganizations that were in the parade made
ganizations that were in the parade made
Home Again.— Get ,the .Wasp's souvenir
Home Again.— Get the Wasp's souvenir
of the California Volunteers'- return.
of the California Volunteers' return.
Thirty-two pages of war pictures. For
sale at all newsdealers' 2."* cents. - *
"For the Sake of Fun "
Mischief is Done.
A vast amount of mischief is done, too,
because people neglect to keep their blood
pure. It appears Tti eruptions, dyspepsia,
indigestion, nervousness, kidney diseases,
and other ailments. Hood's Sarsaparilla
cures all diseases promoted by impure
. blood or lov} , state of the system.
I a very creditable showing. The Improv-,)
Order of Red Men were an attractive ..
ture, more, than two hundred beinrr -
tired in the costumes of the red men jof
old, s>*me being mounted on small p
The various tribes were well represehtld]
in line with these were I number ; i ..
ladies belonging to the Degree o_ }>v, .
 he.-_T.i-*. who rode in carriages.
The Woodmen of the World mado a fln,,
appearance, preceded by the drill ;..;,., 0,
Golden Gate Camp attired in a n<-->t blu*_
uniform and carrying axes, Following the
' team were several hundred ■■-. rv\^n
i with axes and lanterns, they r- present-
ing San Francisco and Oakland
After them came the tVoodn n's float,
a representation of a logging camp «-/i
a number of men at work, chopping and
sawing logs. On the choppers' cahin was
a sign bearing words of welcome to the
returned volunteers. The rear of this di-
vision was made up of a number of ladies
who are members of the local circles of
tho Women of Woodcraft.
Will J. Beatty, marshal, led the di-
vision assigned to th*- Knights of Pythias.
This had in the lead a company of the
uniform rank of the order. These were
followed by a company of plumed knights
and a large number of the members of the
local lodges. One feature of this division
was-a delegation of the D. O. K. K. in the
strange dress each member wears in per-
forming the service of initiation.
.The grand officers of the Knights and
Ladies of Honor rilled a, carryall tastefully
decorated. On each horse was a placard
with words of welcome from the order to
the California volunteers. Another car-
riage contained many members of the
order. .- :.-
The Young Men's institute councils of
this city and a number from the interior
were under the marshalship of J. J.
Buddy. Each one in line carried an
American flag,", while the officers wore
their regalia. QB__B-->
The San Francisco Aerie No. 5 of the
new organization known as the Fraternal
Eagles turned out a fair proportion of its
membership. The members were on pa
rade in the regalia of the order. Its main
feature was its float, which represented
a large rock guarded by eagles, one at
each corner, while on the apex of the rock
was an eagle with outstretched wings and
on the rock sat Columbia, represented by
Miss Gertrude Hayes, crowning an army
and a naval hero.
The Knights of the Maccabees were not
behind the other orders in making a good
and attractive display. A large banner at
the head indicated who they were. The
ladies of San Francisco Hive. Golden
West Hive and Phebe Hearst Hive were in
this section In decorated and illuminated
carriages. This order was preceded by
the Commercial Travelers, who turned out
in goodly numbers, with a truck loaded
down with sample-cases.
The Ancient Order of Foresters made a
very creditable- showing, the several
courts having in line their beautiful ban-
ners. At the head were mounted Forest-
ers in the costumes of old, very pictur
esque. -i 1;;-*- :■■". . ■-.. *";■ .'■
These were followed by the grand offi
cers of the Companions of the Forest in
carriages, and then the several local
courts and a number of courta
from the interior. The float which
this order has was an attractive one. Mrs.
Miiler, the left guide of the Supreme Cir
cle of the Companions, represented Lib-
berty. Miss May Walter represented
Charity and two ladies attired as Red
Cross nurses represented Benevolence,
; these being three of the characteristics of
j the. order. . ';*.;.-*- -,-„:-.
The Ancient Order of Hibernians made a
strong numerical showing, and at the
| head were side by side Old Glory and the
green flag with the emblem of Old Ire-
land. There were also carriages contain
; ing members of the clergy, and in others
members of the Ladies' Auxiliary.
The Foresters of America made a very
j attractive display and numerically had a
most creditable showing. The executive
council of the order, including the grand
chief ranger. Judge Hughes of Sacra-
mento, and the executive council of the
"""Companions of tue Forest rode In car-
riages and then followed the courts, each
member waving a flag and carrying a
lantern. There was a good representation
of the interior "courts. The float of the
order had Miss Kitty Patterson, who rep-
resented California in the act of crown-
ing a volunteer. . In the rear were carry-
alls, having in them members of Bonita,
! Live Oak and Golden Era circles of the
j Companions of the Forest, the latter rep
; resenting Uncle Sam's daughters.
The Friends of the Forest made a good
i showing. they having three carriages in
; line, one filled with member?- of Pioneer
Lodge, the other with members of Lin
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT
-rPy
The Wonderful New Discovery
The Wonderful New Discovery
in Medical Science.
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT PREE BY MAIL.
Swamp-Root, discovered by the cmi-
nent kidney and bladder specialist, is
wonderfully, successful in promptly
curing kidney, bladder and uric acid
troubles. •
Some of the early symptoms of weak
kidneys are pain or dull ache in the
back, rheumatism, dizziness, headache,
nervousness, catarrh of the bladder,
gravel or calculi, bloating, sallow com-
plexion, puffy or dark circles under tha
eyes, suppression of urine or compelled
to pass water often day and night.
The mild and extraordinary effect of
the famous new discovery, Dr. -Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stand*
the highest for its wonderful cures of
the most distressing cases. If you need
a medicine you should have the best.
Sold by druggists in fifty-cent and
one-dollar sizes. You may have a sam-
ple bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
and a pamphlet that tells all about it,
including many of the thousands of let-
ters received from sufferers cured, both
sent free by mail. Write Dr. Kilmer &
Co., Ringhamton, N. V., and please
mention that you read this generous
offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call
DR. TRAVERSE,
Skin and Venereal Diseases,
DONOHOE BUILDING, •
1170 MARKET ST., COR. TAYLOR,
Rooms 28-29. Hoars 1 to 4 p. m.
"j^gL Br* R. L. Walsh,
/QBS&r^^jaA illK GEARY ST.. bet.
f^tM^^^OtUtl^^^ Hyde and Larkl.i.
Bs*=. - ' '^^^S^—/ *IJ*UI-*--*»8 Extraction..
Vifjf v « o.li\i Crov.-na •••••-.*.. f*-.uu
l&jLiJ***' Flesh-colored Plates..
Continuous Gum PUtes'Vno" "bad" Joints) "our
specialty. Have received TEN first prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No students, hi
years' experience. .-.;.
PDTTCUI?QFOR BARBERS. BAK-
JDXIU OllJCsk_l,''r? bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
| H9g| DR. BALL'S RBINYIGORATOR
BwgiiiiS'j Five hundred reward for any
1 Hpto VMM caae we cannot care. This secret
il . - II remedy stops all losses in 24
'.', :-""T- ET*S hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
_7_T-J W*ffl tency. Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
J-SB _____r_ Gleet. Fits. Strictures. . Lost
l^JSt3__E¥_! Manhood and all wasting effects
(_- — --____!_' of self -abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALLS MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073H Market St.. S. F. All private
. diseases quickly cured. _ Send for free book.
| Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE*
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
I strength to sexual organ*. Depot, 321 Market.coin and the third with members of Ml_
pah Lodge.
m
NATIVE SONS
IN BIG FORCE
Thirty-four parlors of the Native Sons
•were in the first part of the parade. This
display of this order was one of the finest
that it has ever made in this city. The
members of many parlors were attired
In uniforms and all wore the regalia of
the order. Every parlor had out its par
ticular banner, and some of the parlors
had novelties. The members of one car
ried a dry battery connected with a bell,
and they kept up a constant ringing. Stan
ford Parlor ma : a pretty display, having
its name worked in flowers on a bed of
moss. California Camp of the Ancient
Order of Argonauts was in line with
transparanci.-s. At the head of the sec
tion there was a carriage ln which rode
A. M. Lawrence, W. J. Martin and M. H.
de Young of the executive committee and
Mayor Phelan. while in other carriages
rode the grand officers of the Grand Par
lor, the officers of the Grand Parlor of
the Native Daughters, and the lady mem
bers of the executive committee of Na
tive Sons and Daughters.
SOLDIER BOYS
BANQUETED
In the grand nave of the ferry building
last night the gallant volunteers of the
First California Regiment and the two
batteries, B and D, of the California
Heavy Artillery, were banqueted by the
people of San Francisco. The feast was
a fitting climax to the brilliant and ex
citing demonstrations in honor of the re
turning heroes which have come thick
and fast for the last four -days and
marked the close of the season of festiv
ity and joy such as was never before seen
on the Pacific Coast.
Sixteen hundred veterans sat at the long
tables, arranged in parallel rows almost
the entire length of the great corridor.
and partook of the food thing provided
in generous quantities for their delecta
tion, listened, flushed and paipabiy em-
Ustei | Upably em
barrassed, to the eulogistic words of
praise that flowed ln eloquent -rases
from the lips of the seemingly Inspired
orators and did the best they could in re
turn by cheering at every opportunity.
In the center of the building, at the head
of the grand stairway, the tables were ar
ranged in a hollow square, and around
these were seated the officers of the regi
ment, the invited guests to the number of
forty and the citizens' executive commit-
mmlt
tee, which had the general supervision of
the entire celebration. The full list of in
vited guests, some of whom were not pres
ent, however, is as follows:
Major General Shatter and aids. Governor
and adjutant general. Major General Dickin
s-*n and Colonel ClufT. Brigadier General War
field ani Lieutenant Colonel Giestir.g. Briga
dier General Muller and assistant adjutant
general. Brigadier General Last and as
sistant adjutant general. Colonel McCoy
and adjutant. Admiral Kautz and aid.
Cartain Terry a:. 1 aid. Mrs. W. B.
H_rrmgton. president State Red Cross
Society; Mrs. John F. Merrill, president San
Francisco Ked Cross Society; Professor C. W.
Moores, president Relatives' Association; Alex-
-.-•-.--- lation; Alex
ander L. Badt. secretary; Gran— Marshal L.
C Pistolesl, Captain A. J. Kell^her and Chief
Aid A. W. Morgenstern. Senator George C.
I'erkir-s. Congressman Julius Kahn, Congress-
: gress
man Marion de '.'rie? Congressman Loud.
Harbor Commissioner Paris KUburn, Harbor
Commissioner P. J. Harney. Harbor Commis
sioner Rudolph Herold. John D. Spreckels.
commodore; William D. English. Harbor Com
mittee; Howard C. Holmes, Harbor Commit
tee: Percy L. Henderson. Harbor Committee;
Mayor Eaton. Los Angeies; Captain Jacobson
of the German cruiser Geier and aids. Lieuten
ant Commander Hughes and aid of the U. S.
S. Boston; Hon. W. W. Morrow, chairman of
the reception committee: Mayor Phelan and
Messrs. Martin. De Young, Lawn Dohr
mann and McPike of the executive committee.
It was half an hour after midnight when
the blare of trumpets in the street below
announced to the waiting throng of spec
tators on the ferry building that the sol
diers were coming at last. Tney marched in
With bugles blowing and drums beating and
took their seats at th« tables, which were
loaded down with edibles and lavishlj"
decorated with flowers. The officers came i
next, and as soon as they had taken the
places assigned them the current was
turned on and the thousand red. white
and blue electric bulbs that lined the
arched roof in rows flashed into brilliant
light; which caused an involuntary cheer
to arise from the soldiers, which was re
peated with redoubled energy when they :
saw at either end of the nave welcoming
words blazing down at them through red ,
lamps charged with electricity.
Then a band of twenty-five pieces !
perched on a stand at the lower end of the
grand nave struck up "America" and the I
cheering was ..rain renewed. The boys i
cheered everything and everybody, nclud- j
ing the city, the State, the "Citizens'
Executive Committee, the ladles of the
Red Cross, the army and the navy. And
then they fell to and tackled the chicken
and turkey that had grown cold waiting
for them to come. It was well on toward
morning whet} the speech making begun
and for that reason the speeches were I
somewhat curtailed.
Mayor Phelan made the opening ad- .
dress, warmly welcoming the volunteers
hack to the city and State and compli
menting them in eloquent and appropriate
language on their fine, untarnished rec
ords as soldiers. Colonel Duboce made a
brief response in behalf of the volunteers
and others followed in rapid succession. '
each voicing his sentiments In a few
wbrda that told volumes.
It was well on toward daylight when
the last toast was drunk and the last i
speech made, and then, as th" sweet !
strains of "Home. Sweet Home." floated j
through the building the gathering broke
up and the end of the official programme
arranged for the reception to the volun
teers; of whom California is so justly '
proud, had been reached. San Francisco
has done full honor to the gallant veter- j
ans in a manner befitting her station and
according to their worth as measured by
her admiring citizens. " ;
ALL NATIONS
REPRESENTED
The foreign-American societies distin- ;
guished themselves last night ln the
grand parade. The first of the societies
was in the eighth division, the Austrian
military company, preceded by the well )
trained Austrian military band. In the j
thirteenth division, the section given over !
to the Irish societies, two full companies
turned out in tte full regalia of their
orders. The Ancient Order of Hibernians
came first, the clergy following in car
riages The Celtic division, comprising
the Knights of St. Patrick, Knights of
Tara St. Patrick's Alliance of California
and other Irish societies, stretched out
their column several full blocks in length.
The sixteenth division was given over ,
to the German organizations and evoked
considerable enthusiasm as It passed
clown the line of march. Marshal Franz
Jacoby at the head of the column, was
mounted on a heavy black charger and
was in the immediate advance of the
Krieger Verein. The green uniform and
black cockades worn by the thoroughly
drilled Germans were a feature of the
parade. Following them came the Turn- ,
NIGHT INTO DAY AS IF BY A WIZARD'S WAND.
era in gray uniform, perfectly drilled and
sustaining a ffne alignment. The Slavic,
Italian and Servian societies were in the
eighteenth and nineteenth divisions, and
when the crowd broke in on the forma
tion they were routed.
m
STORY OF THE
MADDENED MOB
The crowd that Jostled and joshed and
jammed each other era Market street last \
night was without exception the most tre
mendous throng that ever assembled in
San Francisco on any one occasion. We
have had our great jubilee celebration and
Fourth of July celebrations by the score,
but if the crowd that came out to witness
all of these events were put together it
would not equal in density the one that
congested Market street last night to pay >
a fitting tribute to California's returned '
heroes. i
Up to 9:30 o'clock it looked as if there
would be no parade. The sidewalks were
packed clear to the walls of the buildings,
and the centers of the wire cables strung
tautly along the edges of the sidewalk ]
were stretched quite a distance into the
street.
Market street was a moving panorama
Market street was a moving panorama
of frantic people literally wild with
ecstatic delight and pent up enthusiasm.
They marches along in the center of the
car tracks waving Hags, blowing fish !
horns, tooting whistles, yelping through
paper megaphones and jangling cowbells.
The usual demonstration on New Year's
eve was shaded and shamed. They made
more noise in one minute on Market street
last night from one end of it to the other
than the New Year's eve crowd would
make ir. the entire evening.
Clear down to the ferry the human
throng moved, crowding and Jostling and
fighting every inch of their way.
The police stationed along the line were
powerless. They handled the people
rather roughly, but few used their clubs
and perhaps if the police had not re
sorted to rough, methods the parade
might still be lined up out on Van Ness
avenue.
Just before the moving column reached
the corners of Third. Kearny and Market
streets that section was so crammed with
people that it was almost impossible to
move a step. !
The bursting of bombs and the menacing
"woo. woo, woo" of the jostling mob and
the clanging of the bells on the patrol
wagons which fought through the crowd
ar.d made way for the procession brought
fear to the nervous, and even strong men
paled visibly as they struggled along with
the moving crowd.
In an open patrol wagon stood Chief
Lees, waving his hands excitedly and
shouting at the top of his voice to his men
along the line. The Chiefs living brigade.
which consisted of eight patrol wagons,
a large squad of policemen and mounted
officers, bore down upon the crowd slowly
and it melted like ice in a hot sun before
the formidable minions of the law. Down
Market street Hew the crowd and few
stopped till they reached the ferry. The
nearer the end of the thoroughfare the
greater grew the jamming mass. They
could not escape through the lines on
either sice of the street, for the patrol
wagons drove close to the curb. When
the crowd reached the ferry it poured into
East street, north and south, like dense
volumes of smoke. Following the Chief's
(lying brigade came a detachment of cav
alry, and It, too, assisted in keeping the
thoroughfare clear for the head of the
procession.
Down at the ferry Captain Wittman.
who rode in front of the patrol wagons in
a buggy, swung the column right, and the
patrol wagons followed him in excellent
order. They fell in four abreast, and the
procession following after swerved to the
right to allow the countt-rmarchers to
pass.
All -long the line Chief Lees was
cheered to the echo for his strategic move.
They shouted from the tops of buildings
through megaphones that the "Chief was
all right." and the Chief acknowledged
the compliment by doffing his cap.
Just as the parade was turning at East
and Market streets a fire on the warter
front tapped in. and the Fire Depart
was forced to battle its way through the
mob. Luckily nobody was injured, but
nany were badly frightened. On the way
jp to Montgomery street the excitement
3n the left side of Market street was in
tense. Thousands of people had pushed
through the sidewalk cables and crushed
■ - - ■
Into the center of the street to view the
passing column moving toward the ferry.
They did not figure on Chi I Lees return
ing with his brigade of heavy patrol
wagons and husky policemen, and when
it moved on them there was some lively
scattering to get to places of safety.
It was a case of the crowd handling the
crowd, for rather than be crushed and
trampled under the wheels of the patrol
wagons they crowded back toward the
sidewalks and left the way clear for the
parade. All along Montgomery street and
down Kearny street to Market the pro
cession was not hampered by the crowd.
Un these thoroughfares the police held
the people well in subjection and the
lines on both Bid. - of the street were even
and orderly, and there were no obstruc
tions in th- center of the street.
There was more trouble In store for
Lhe Chief and his flying brigade when the
procession again reached Market street.
rhe crowd had blocked the street again
and the procession moving toward the
terry doubled the throng.
The brigade got ln action again and the
way was slowly cleared. All the way
>ut Market street as far a.*- Van Ness ave
iue the police had to fight their way. At
Sixth and Market streets the flying brig
ide encountered the thickest mob. It
ook fully a half hour to clear the way as
'ar as Eighth street. In these two blocks
nany people were trampled on by the
worses attached to the patrol wagons and
he cavalry. In front of a cafe at the cor
-r of Sixth and Market streets the re
peating crowd dashed against a step-
THE SA_S" FRANCISCO CALL, SI^DAT, AUGUST 27, 1899.
ladder on which were seated several men
and women. All were thrown forcibly to
the ground, and one man who occupied a
position on the top rung of the ladder was
thrown so heavily to the stone pavement
below that he was rendered unconscious.
The head of the counter-marching pro
cession met the California troops on the
tail end at the corner of Hayes street and
Van Ness avenue. There the crowd once
again broke loose and the progress of the
gallant heroes was completely checked.
Father McKinnon's horse grew fractious
and for a time it looked as if the chaplain
would be thrown off. He proved himself
an excellent horseman, however, and soon
had his steed under control.
At this point Chief Lees' brigade and
the cavalry left the head of the proces
sion and swung in front of the gallant
First to keep the way clear for them on
their long march to the ferry.
And it was well that he did. for all
along the line the people had again
crowded Into the center of the street.
As the California boys neared the ferry
the crowd grew less dense. It was grow-
Ing late and the people had grown tired
and weary of standing on the streets for
so many hours, so they were allowed to
march along without having to fight their
way up to the banquet which awaited
them at the end.
"I was gone .till I thought of these pa
trol wagons," admitted Chief Lees last
night. "The town was simply too small
to hold the people and my men were
powerless. I was forced to resort to these
harsh measures or there would have been
no parade." >.\* d
Captain John Spillane of the southern
division accompanied Chief Lees in the
charge on the crowd and on several oc
casions when the mob seemed Impregna
ble Captain Spillane got cut of the wagon
and did a patrolman's duty.
All in all it is safe to predict that San
Francisco will never be aDle to bring out
such a crowd as it did last night. For
once in the history of the city San Fran
cisco took leave of its senses.
HERALDING THE
COMING PAGEANT
It was not long after the scheduled hour
when a star bomb went hurtling toward
the heavens from the corner of Market
and Van Ness and heralded the approach
of the pageant. Another and another fol-
lowed; and from the tower across the
street the white shaft of a searchlight
swung along the line of the approaching
column. A mighty cheer went up from
the throats of the vast army spread la
black masses along the street, the re-
straining ropes were forced outward and
the crowd, mad with excitement, started
to surge into the street. The police, how-
ever, were ready and the threats of
swinging clubs and trampling hoofs drove
the people back from the line of
march. There they remained awhile.
but as the column swung into
Market street and started on its
journey to the ferry a horse, bearing
an aid. fell heavily to the pavement.
Fearful that the rider had been seriously
Injured the crowd again broke the ropes
and rushed to his rescue. Again the clubs
were brought into play, the crowd driven
back. The aid, uninjured, assisted his
horse to rise and away went the pageant
on its mission. When the Ked Men round-
ed the oorner it was a signal for general
hilarity. The members of Althamos Tribe,
costumed and painted for the warpath,
watched the crowd for familiar faces.
One seen he was dragged from his po
sition in the line of spectators, a war
dance was hopped on his toes and he was
led captive in the line of march. Pro-
testations were useless, pleas for release
unheard, and then the paleface knew the
power of tribes of the forest. Below Lar-
kin street the crowd again jammed
toward the center of the street and tor
some time the police were powerless.
Finally six patrol wagons abreast cleared
the streets and the march proceeded. It
was thus all along to the end. the police
and crowd in constant combat, but the
former always prevailed and those who
but stopped to think knew that they had
seen a few over five hundred men. clothed
with authority, handle a few under five
hundred thousand people and then no
brutality was used. The police had some
difficulty handling the many wagons built
up to represent so many small theaters.
with seats for sale reserved or otherwise.
These wagons would be halted at the
curb, the springs bumping together under
the Lois, a brief dialogue would' ensue
between officer and driver and then the
wagon would depart, quicker than it
VIEW FROM
LOTTA FOUNTAIN
The executive committee's grand stand
at Lotta's fountain afforded a command
ing view of the pageant. It was at thi3
locality that the crowd was . the densest
and the enthusiasm most manifest. In
the stand as the committee's guest of
honor was Mrs. A. S. Townsend, "the
soldiers' friend." She viewed the parade
for hours, cheering every division, waving
her handkerchief gleefully and smiling
her approval on every feature. Lieu
tenant Commander Hughes and Surgeon
Means of the battleship Boston were also
guests of the executive committee.
The scene from the stand was one of
exceptional animation. The crowds grew
steadily from early in the evening, and
toward 9 o'clock it appeared that the
population of all San Francisco and that
of the surrounding cities of the bay had
assembled on tne streets within the ra
dius of a block of Lotta's fountain. First
the sidewalks filled to the curbs and those
who desired to pass along were forced to
take to the middle of the streets. Poiice-
men stood helpless in the midst of the
moving mass of humanity. It was useless
to attempt to force the crowds back
there was no room for more on the side
walks, and all the officers attempted was
to keep the throng ln motion. The police
were a weary, anxious-looking lot of men.
When a patrol wagon drove along ac
companied by Chief Lees and a force of
men prepared to stretch wire ropes to re
strain the crowd there was a sigh of re
lief. That crowd was the one thing that
worried those who arranged the celebra
tion. For a time the wire rope plan was
effective, but by twos and threes tne peo
ple broke through the lines, and long be
fore the lights on the patrol wagons, that
marked the approach of the parade, ap
peared creeping at snail's pace along
down Market street, the tnoroughfore
was black with people from curb to curb.
No one who viewed that throng from the
stand had hopes of witnessing a parade
that night. It seemed almost beyond hu
man possibility to force a passage through
that human barricade.
At the outset the crowd kept on the go.
People hurried and scurried, without
knowing why or whither. But this
did not last long. As the crowd grew
in numbers it quieted down, and remained
a. stationary mass. When the approach
of the patrol wagons was announced
along the line, those in the rear fell out
and most of the crowd that could not be
accommodated on the sidewalks melted
away into the side streets and alleys. 1 It
Sid not prove a hard crowd to handle and
only once or twice during the night were
! the police forced to use their clubs to em-
phasize their orders to "get back."
The first incident of the evening was
the passing of General Seamans and an
■ acquaintance. They were In a carriage
bound for Van Ness avenue to fall in
! line. No cheers marked their way. In
: fact the chill was so noticeable that the
1 crowd in the streets began to shout "Ice,
ice."
An inoffensive Chinaman was roughly
handled by a crowd of toughs as he at
; tempted to get out of the jam and make
! his way up Kearny street. They grabbed
his queue and tried to sever it from his
1 head. They would have succeeded but
i for the interference of an old gentleman.
The police appeared disinclined to enter
too vigorous protest against the outrage
for fear of exciting the crowd and losing
control.
With an eve to business a man with a
wagon loaded several stories high with
discarded fruit boxes took up a position
opposite the grand stand on Market street,
and in a few minutes disposed of the en-
tire load at 2." cents apiece. One of the
purchasers was a man leading a couple
of little boys. When he bought his box
I he tried to force his way to a place of
vantage to locate it. and in his haste and
excitement forgot all about the two boys,
and lost them. He found them by their
yells, but when he want back after his
box it was gone.
In all directions from the stand was cvi
; dence that men will perch in perilous
i places to view a parade. Over Newman's
} saloon a man found a footing on a cornice
scarcely three inches wide, and there,
; high above the sidewalk, watched the
parade from start to finish. He had a
bottle of whisky to keep the chill out of
his bones, and took liberal doses as every
, division passed by.
When the crowd was the thickest a dele
, gation of university boys came up Market
j street ln single file. doing the
i lock step. They managed to wriggle
: their way through the throngs, appear
\ ing like a huge snake crawling from one
j side of the street to the other, hut when
they reached the junction of Third and
: Market streets they came to grief. The
crowd rushed at them, broke their line
I and they were soon scattered. They
stood in the middle of the street and
shouted themselves hoarse with the col
i lege yell.
A piece of burning decoration fell from
- the Examiner building, striking a woman
;on the head. She fainted, but did not fall.
The crowd pressed around her so closely
that she was held ud until she was
forced out on Third street, when she
. fell to the pavement. A little water re-
vived her and she went back Into the
thickest of the crowd. She was deter-
mined to see th" California boys If she
lost her life In the attempt.
A jolly tar from The lowa amused the
crowd before the parade passed by dane-
ing a Bailor's hornpipe on the Kearny
: street pavement. Several sailors joined
him. and for a time the street was turned
Into a dance hall.
Once or twice when the police attempted
to force back the crowd that tried to
crush Into Market street from Kearny
they had their clubs taken away from
them. They got rather rough several
times, and the people would not have It.
Some of the officers lost their heads, and
whenever they did they lost their clubs In
the bargain.
The oldest veteran in the line rode in a
carriage. When he passed the commit-
tee's stand his enthusiasm got the better
of him. He stood up in the hack and
shouted like a Comanche Indian, while the
crowd veiled its annroval.
GRAND SIGHT
IN THE SKIES
From the top of the Parrott building,
above the smoke of burning powder and
the dampness of the ground fog which
late in the evening settled upon the city,
the scene was one never to be forgotten
and difficult to be described. Far below I
the crowds surged and shouted, not the !
shout of rioting and disorder, but a good- i
natured, noisy expression of rejoicing, to
which horns and whistles lent their aid.
But the attractive feature was the il
lumination over the street, the lines of
incandescent lamps stretching away until
they looked like one broad pathway of
gold ending at the lighted tower over the
bay. To the southwest the dome of tne
City Hall bedecked in light cast rays of
gold over the surrounding darkness. To
the north loomed up the towers of the
Native Sons' building and Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art, also shedding light in all
directions.
Suddenly from the dome of the Claus
Spreckels* buiklln-g. illuminated in every
window from the street to the very top,
a white puff of smoke flew, followed Dy
a sharp resounding report of a cannon.
At the same time the reflected glare of
Roman fire away off by the bay at the
end of Van Ness avenue was seen.
The two announced that the procession
had started. At other points along the line
of march the match was applied to the
pans of powder, which cast a ruddy glow
upward and around. Within ten minutes
scarcely a point of the compass could be
found where the red lights were not burn-
ing, while away off on the top of Park
Hill toward the Twin Peaks bonfires were
lighted, adding to the general brilliant ef
fect* *"■£' __ ~' ,
Then came the fireworks. Rockets car-
rying every hue of the rainbow shot into
the air and scattered their brilliant - con-
tents, while from down on the streets
1
arose the shouts of "Oh!" and "Ah!" of
admiration. Around the dome of the City
Hall and the Claus Spreckels building
there were halos of varicolored lights
from the incessant discharge of volca
noes, bombs and rockets. In* fact, all along
the line of march, which was easily made
out from the top of the Parrott structure.
could be seen the same brilliant display
of fiery life. The air was alive with it,
and the booming of cannon and bombs
gave voice to that life. Some of the
grandeur of the scene above the ground
mist was lost to those on the streets, but
to those on the high housetops the scene
may' be described in two words— grand,
magnificent. ■>.* ..---■-
COMPLAINT FROM
DISCHARGED MEN
The following petition, signed by 221 dis
charged soldiers who returned on the
Sherman, has been forwarded to the Sec
retary of War. It speaks for itself. These
discharged men have all seen service and
are returned with the best of characters.
They have the moral support of every
enlisted man among the Californians who
returned with them:
ON" BOARD U. S. A. TRANSPORT SHERMAN.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Aug. 24, 1_39.
To the Honorable Secretary of War, Wash
ington, D. C— Sir: We. the undersigned citi
zens of the United States of America, lately
discharged from the regular and volunteer
armies of the United States, desire to make
the following- statement, complaint and re
quest:
We have each and every one of us been dis
charged ln the Philippine Islands and upon dis
charge were refused travel pay from Manila.
P. L. to San Francisco. Cal.. being furnished
in lieu thereof transportation and subsistence
ln kind, being subsequently assigned to the
U. S. A. transport Shern.an.
Those of us who cashed our final statements
in Manila made written and verbal protests
against receiving the money therefor minus
the travel pay. The least that we expected
was that we would receive good quarters
aboard the transport and rations of good qual
ity and sufficient fur our needs.
Instead of that, . we have at no time received
rations sufficient in quantity to satisfy our
hunger, and on many occasions the food has
been absolutely unfit to eat.
In addition to that, our quarters are (or
rather were, the worst on the boat, being on
the lowest deck, below water line. We have
at all times been Subjected to military author
ity, which ordinarily we would not have ob
jected to. had it been in our power to do so,
but which has on this occasion been very ob
jectionable, and which has made our position
on board this -.hip very humiliating. We all
of us know that we are not receiving the class
of transportation or the quantity and quality
of rations that the United States Government
Intended for us.
We. therefore, respectfully request that we
be allowed our travel pay ln full from the
Philippine Islands to San Francisco, Cal., a.s
we believe that after suffering from the hard
ships and privations *bf the protracted cam
paign in the Philippines that we are more en
titled to the same than are our comrades who
serve In th_ United States and who receive
their travel pay in all instances. We also re
spectfully request that the condition of affairs
aboard this ship be Investigated and those re
sponsible for the condition of the rations
brought to Justice.
Hoping that this will receive the immediate
attention of the War Department, we subscribe
ourselves. Very respectfully.
«.
DR. COULSON'S
KINDNESS
Dr. Nat T. Coulson threw open his hand
some rooms in the Murphy building to
his friends and patrons, and they obtained
a splendid view of the parade from the
windows. There were accommodations for
several hundred guests, and nearly that
number availed themselves of the oppor
tunity and watched the brilliant spectacle
in comfort. Three colored waiters from
the Palace Hotel, attired in dress suits,
flitted among the guests with refresh
ments, while a string band of six pieces
furnished excellent music. ■*•***. *
In honor of the occasion Dr. Coulson
decorated his spacious rooms with flags.
Pretty souvenirs were also given to the
visitors. They consisted of flags, wooden
cards from the Philippines and colored
horns. The courtesies extended by the
popular dentist were greatly appreciated
by those who enjoyed his generous hospi
tality.
FUND EXCEEDS
CALCULATIONS
' There is $10,000 more in the fund for the
reception and care of the California volun
teers than the committee set its mind
upon raising when It undertook the task.
Fifty thousand was the goal. Yesterday
the amount actually collected reached
$60,032. The returns rrom the Harbor
Commissioners' excursion are yet to be
heard from and subscriptions for sub
stantial amounts are still to be collected.
It is calculated that the committee will
complete Its work with at least $65,000 In
the treasury. Contributions were received
yesterday from the following:
Previously reported, $59,916; H. Dutard,
$20; Leipniu ' & Co., $10; German Press
Club, $10; Dairymen's Union of California,
$10; Guggenhelmer & Co., $10; Den
nison, Felling & Co., $10; Scott &
Gilbert, $10; Washington Life Insurance
Company, $5; Cash, $5; Newell *_ Bro.,
$7 50; A. Pastene __ Son, $5; D. Keefe _.
Co., -fa;. D. Steffens. $2 50; H. Cahen. $2: I
j A. Gatto, Jl; H. L. Barker. $1; M. S. Slmas i
I & Co., $2. Total amount received to date. I
$60,032.
♦ '
ENTERTAINMENT
NOT YET ENDED
The entertainment for the returned Cali
fornia boys did not end with the banquet
last night. The citizens" executive com
mittee decided yesterday to arrange a
theater party for them for next Wednes
day night. Every showhouse in the city
will be called upon to provide accommo
dations for a portion of the regiment. It
was decided that the committee would
purchase none but rows of front seats for
the soldiers. The details of the party
will be arranged early in the week. Ne.xt
Friday evening a similar entertainment
will be arranged for the crew of the Bos
ton.
MANY FOUND NO
PLACE TO SLEEP
Every doorway, or alleyway, or place !
| that would shelter one from the dew and
j the fog was utilized last night as a sleep
; ing place for some visitor to the city who
j had come here without calculating upon
| hotel accommodations. For three days
, there has not been a vacant room In the
city. During the night, after the parade
i had passed, men, women and children
I could be seen slumbering on boxes, some
i huddled close to buildings, others in door
ways and a few on the curbs. The vesti
! bule of the Call building was crowded un-
I til early in the morning with those who
I could find no other place in the city to
sleep.
•»
PROVIDED WORK
FOR SOLDIERS
Morgan F. McCollough. Westport, Ind.;
Joseph Whitney, Dallas, Tex., and Luther
Hudson, Hollingsburg, Pa., all members
of the Twenty-third Infantry, were given
employment yesterday by William Weh
ner of Evergreen, Santa Clara County.
The men had been discharged from the
service some time ago. Being unable to
secure employment they had spent all
their money and for some days had been
around the headquarters tent pleading for
assistance. That their cases were deserv
ing the Red Cross ladies were thoroughly
satisfied, and when Mr. Wehner made his
offer they were the first to be recommend
ed. He stated that he had been attracted
by the appeals of the employment com
mittee and felt that it was his duty to
help in the work of providing for the men
who had gone to the front to fight for
their country. In addition to employing
the men mentioned he offered to provide
accommodations at his ranch for a couple
of convalescents.
•
IN HONOR OF
BOSTON S CREW
In the heat of the excitement over the
home-coming of California's soldier sons
the citizens of the city will not overlook
the officers, marines and sailors of the
Boston. The executive committee agreed
yesterday that they deserved a taste of
California's hospitality and generosity
and Immediately undertook plans to cele
brate their arrival. Next Wednesday
night the electrical illumination of Mar
ket street, the City Hall and the ferry
building will be repeated in their honor,
the company making the display agreeing
to allow their wires and lamps to remain
in place for the occasion. Other enter
tainment will be provided for the men who
fought with Dewey at Manila Bay. Ar
rangements will be perfected as soon as
the work incident to last night's great
parade is disposed of.
SETTLING DOWN
TO CAMP LIFE
Ten o'clock was the time set for the
California men to report back to camp
yesterday morning, and at that hour they
commenced to come in. The two com
mands were a little late in reporting all
present, but every cne reported within an
hour and nothing was said. ;p-,*'
The principal object in having the men
all present was to care for their baggage
and be on hand when the customs officers
inspected it. All through the morning the
trucks were arriving, and in the open
space at the end of the tents of the col
onel and the regimental staff the effects
of the regiment were piled high. The
artillerymen's baggage was put over be
hind Major Rice's tent- at the end of the
artillery battalion street. The baggage
was inspected and passed right there, and
then each man took his effects to his tent.
There waa not much done during the
day except to entertain the visitors who
went out to the Presidio. There were
thousands of them and they were all talk-
ative, so the camp was a lively place.
As soon as a man had 'attended to his
baggage he was not called on for any
further duty, but was ordered to report
back at 6 o'clock, so the men might have
time to form for the parade. It was un-
derstood that after the parade and ban-
quet the men would be allowed to seek
their - own homes, so they were notified
they would turn out without arms or
equipments.
The furlough after the parade and ban-
quet will be until 10 o'clock this morning.
The men will all report then and will put
the camp in order before noon. Colonel
Duboce and Major Rice expect that a
great many people will visit the camps
this afternoon, and they wish to have the
place looking well.
It has not been decided what will be al-
lowed in the way of liberty to-day and
this .evening, but it is certain that to-
morrow morning the business of muster
ing out will be commenced. The muster
ing officers notified the commanding offi
cers yesterday that they would do noth
ing until to-morrow. General Shatters
orders were that until the reception was
well over the men should be given full
liberty.
While the men are awaiting the muster
out they will have but little to do besides
getting fat. There will be no drills, and
an occasional dress parade is all that will
be expected from them. By act of Con
gress their rations will be materially in-
Among the expressions of welcome
and gratitude to our returning volun
teers the distribution of some good
wholesome stimulant to the sick and
wounded and enfeebled has been de
cided upon. This thoughtful act of hos
pitality is being performed under the
auspices of the Board of Health, and
It is said that the honor of supplying
the material has fallen upon the pro
prietors of the Old Government
"Whisky. i
creased. It is provided that men coming
from a debilitating climate shall have for
eveiy. 100 rations twelve and a half gallons
of milk, ten dozen eggs and ten pounds
of butter. This will be given to the Cali
fornia men. as it has been given to the-
! other volunteers, until they have bee.
i mustered out.
There are none but words of praise frot
| the California men when they speak of th
Coloradans. The Colorado men had th
guard, the only .men left in camp, dow:
to supper Friday evening and to breakfas
yesterday, and the whole regiment am
the artillery battalion were invited ove
to dinner. "Why. we haven't lighted .
flre in a kitchen stove." was a remark o
one man. which explained the situation.
Colonel Duboce has made his gorgeousl
decorated tent the regimental headquarters.
ters. and has sought seclusion farthe
down the line.
| MISCELLANEOUS.
WONDERFUL CURES
IN A FEW DAYS
Three Remarkable Cures Ef-
fected Within Ten Days by Dr.
Aborn, the Successful Eye,
Ear, Head, Throat and Lung
. Specialist, 554 SutterStreet.
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 24, 1-599
THIS IS TO CERTIFY that I had been
afflicted with my head and throat, with
cough and expectoration: my throat was
so sore and inflamed that I could scarcely
swallow. I became alarmed of my con-
dition and came to San Francisco to con-
sult Dr. Aborn, at 554 Sutter street, and
placed myself under his treatment, and to
to my agreeable surprise he gave me in-
stant relief, and now. after two weeks"
treatment, I am entirely relieved of all
my Illness, my voice is fully restored and
I can eat and swallow as well as I ever
could. When I first applied to Dr. Aborn
I could scarcely speak above a whisper.
I am a miner and leave to-morrow for
home. JOHN WEHRLI.
Gambetta Mining and Milling Company,
Grub Gulch, Raymond, Cal.
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 25, 1399.
TO THE PUBLIC: It gives me pleas-
ure to make this public announcement
that I have had my hearing restored in
three days' treatment with Dr. Aborn, 554
Sutter street. I had been deaf in one ear
for over two years could not hear the
ticking of a watch. I can now* hear a
watch tick two or three feet from mv ear.
ALBERT GABRIELSON,
_ 162 Tehama street.
_______ .
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 25, 1599.
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 23, 1599.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN: I
wish to state for the benefit of the af-
flicted that I had been suffering for over
twenty years with inflamed and granu-
lated eyelids. Tried several doctors with-
out relief. I applied to Dr. Aborn, 554
Sutter street, who gave me instant relief,
and now. after ten days' treatment, I con-
sider myself about well.
FRANK J. GASKIN,
3516 Sixteenth street.
DR. ABORN. 554 Sutter street, is daily
effecting some remarkable cures. Many
cases are relieved instantly, after having
been afflicted for years.
Hours— to 12 and 2 to 4; evenings,
7 to 8. ->-: "_*■ '
THE BEST HOTEL,
THE RUSS HOUSE.
KNOWN ALL OVER THE WORLD.
KNOWN ALL OVER THE WORLD.
PRICES TO SUIT-ROOMS WITH
board. $1 50, $2 and $2 50 per day.
Rooms without board, 75c, $1 and $1 50
per day.
We give the best 50c. dinner In San
Francisco, and a trial will convince the
most skeptical.
We are located in the heart of the city
and within one block of every car line in
Frisco.
When you land on this side of the bay
Insist on taking the Russ House Free Bus
to hotel. This hotel is under the direct
management of Colonel J. S. Young, pro-
prietor, and has his personal attention at
all times. RUSS HOUSE,
215 Montgomery st
84
TRANSVAAL EMISSARIES
ARRESTED BY PORTUGUESE
TAKEN INTO !
CUSTODY AT
DELAGOABAY
Lisbon Government Keeping
Troops in Readiness for
Emergency.
♦
ENGLAND'S WAR PLAN
o—.
London Government Methodically
Preparing for the Clash That
Seems Inevitable.
Copyrighted, aat, by the Associated Press.
T OURENZO MARQUES,
ZQURENZO MARQUES,
Delagoa Bay, Aug. 26. —
Several persons suspected of
being emissaries of the Transvaal
Government have been arrested
here. Excitement prevails, and in
view of a contemplated Transvaal
raid the Portuguese troops are kept
in readiness for an emergency.
LONDON, Aug. 27.— A dispatch from
Johannesburg says word has been re
ceived there from Pretoria that Presi
dent Kruger and General Joubert favor
sending a special peace commission to
England composed of members of the
Volksraad, headed by E. W. Reitz,
State Secretary.
Though no actual developments have
apparently taken place in the Trans
vaal situation, as previously reviewed
in these dispatches, public interest in
th*> crisis has been wonderfully quick
ened. This is due to the dawning real
ization that Great Britain is making
the most methodical preparations for
war. The utter lack of official news
and the serious outlook have made the
week one of tension. Contradictory re
ports from home and abroad have flour
ished, and on the strength of these the
newspapers have Bee-sawed from peace
to war and vice versa, hopelessly at
sea. Endless supposition has been in
lulged in regarding President Kruger's
counter propositions, but from a broad
point of view such details are not im
portant, as compared with the fact that
President Kruger has refused— -some
say evaded the "irreducible minimum"
of Sir Alfred Milner, the Governor of
Cape Colony and British High Commis
sioner of South Africa.
It is now nearly a week since the
British Government has been in pos
session of President Kruger's reply.
Whether, in the Interests of peace,
powers higher than Mr. Chamberlain,
the Secretary of State for the Colonies,
are still temporizing, or whether or not
a decisive ultimatum is already on the
way to the President of the Transvaal,
is pure conjecture. The most conserva
tive opinion is that the Boers will ulti
FOUR SOLDIERS
WERE AMBUSHED
Three Killed and the
Fourth Escaped.
♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Aug. 26.— Four men of the
Twenty-third Regiment, stationed at Ce
bu, were ambushed by natives ln the hills
and three of them killed. The fourth man
succeeded In making his escape. Details
are lacking.
WASHINGTON, Aug. Orders were j
issued to-day directing the Thirtieth Vol- i
unteers, commanded by Colonel Gardiner, '
to move from Fort Sheridan to San Fran
cisco on September 10. Orders were also '■
issued moving the Thirty-second Infantry, j
commanded by Colonel Craig, from Fort !
Leavenworth to San Francisco on Sep- j
tember 20. The four regiments which were
previously ordered to move are making
active preparations to leave. The Thirty- '
first is leaving Fort Thomas, Ky., to- |
day; the Thirty-fourth will leave Fort j
Logan. Colo., on the 2Sth; the Twenty- i
seventh will leave Camp 'Meade* on the
29th, and the Twenty-sixth will leave
Plattsburg on September 5. These regi
ments will soil from San Francisco as
goon as transports can be provided.
KANSAS CITY Aug. 26.— A cablegram
to the Star from Manila to-day says:
"The Twentieth Kansas Regiment and
Colonel Funston have been assigned to
sail on the United States transport Tar
tar about September 5. The Tartar will
DEUTZ & CELDERMANNk
AY, FRANCE.
DEUTZ & CELDERMANN'S
DEUTZ & CELDERMANN'S
COLD LACK
Is without doubt tha fine*** Dry Champa-ma
Imported from Franca. No connoisseur
ahould fall to try It.
CHARLES MEINBCKE * CO..
Sols As ant* Pacific Coaat,
10.4 Sacramento itreet. ft. T.
BOER BURGHERS READY TO TAKE THE FIELD.
mately back down, but there are no
signs, Judging from the military activ
ity at the British war office and the
same activity in the South African Re-
public, that such is likely to be the
case, though both sides may be using
the movements of troops as a bluff.
That Mr. Chamberlain is not in a pa-
cific mood, is evidenced by the publica
tion subsequent to the reception of
Kruger's reply, of the correspondence
between the Boers and Sir Alfred Mil-
ner. According to the Speaker this ac-
tion has immeasurably increased the
difficulty of keeping the peace. Com-
menting upon this fact, the Speaker
says:
"Unfortunately, neither in Downing
street nor at Pretoria is the value of
moderation and good temper sufficient-
ly appreciated. The consequence is
that every day the situation becomes
more dangerous and may yet see the
two races locked in a sanguinary
struggle, simply because the leading
men on both sides have failed to keep
sufficient command over their own
tempers and those of their immediate
supporters."
All that can be said is that in a very
short period, probably less than a week,
the world will know definitely whether
President Kruger finally acknowledges
British suzerainty and its potentiality,
or whether he really intends to resort
to arms in order to defend his conten
tion. It is palpable that the British will
now refuse to accept any evasion of
their suzerainty claims whatever other
concessions President Kruger mightl
make.
The Transvaal correspondent of the
Manchester Guardian, a well-known
writer on economics, says that he finds
widespread willingness among the Jo-
hannesberg Outlanders to take the
HUNDRED MILLIONS SPENT
BY AMERICANS IN LONDON
Flood of Gold Poured Into the "Colters of the British
Metropolis by Wealthy Tourists Prom
* * the United States.
Special Cable to The Call and The New York Herald. Copyright, 1899, by
James Gordon Bennett.
LONDON, Aug. 26.— "1 estimate that American travel this year will make
a record. From January to December we shall have had from the United
States seventy thousand visitors, and I reckon they will have spent about $1500
a head upon their European holiday."
So says Charles Alvin Gillig, and Mr. Gillig In his capacity of director
of the Great Eastern Railway Company's American rendezvous ls about
the best authority of tourist movement from the West. But that one hun
dred and five million dollars, of course, has nothing to do with the vast
amount of American money which finds its way Into the pockets of the pro
prietors of the English— principally London stores.
go to San Francisco by way of Hongkong.
"Nine officers and 680 men of the regi
ment have been discharged to date and
150* are sick. None of the invalids are in
danger."
FAST MAIL TRAINS
COME IN COLLISION
An Engineer Disregards His Orders,
With the Result That an Acci-
dent Occurs.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 26.— Two.fast
mall trains on the Rock Island road, run-
ning at a speed of fully thirty miles an
hour, collided this evening at Minnie
Station, ten miles west of Kansas City.
Both locomotives were demolished and
1 one of thorn telescoped a mail car. but
not. a person was hurt. The engines
came together with whistles blowing. The
engine-it and firemen Jumped after
sounding the warning, which reached the
mall clerks and baggage men in time, and
they also Jumped. None of the coaches I
were derailed. The 'train men on the
! eastbound Denver train had ignored
orders which gave the westbound train '
i the right of way.
ARKANSAS TOWN WIPED
OUT BY A STORM
Not a House Has Been Left Standing
in the Village of New-
port.
LITTLE ROCK, Aug. 26.— special to the
Gazette from Newport, Ark., says: News
reached hero to-day that the little vil
lage of Pleasant Plain, situated in the
hills of the southern part of Indepenr
deuce County, about twenty-five miles
west of Newport, was struck by a storm
last night and literally wiped out of ex
istence. Not a house was left standing.
As the town has neither telegraph nor
telephone connection with the outside
world the details of the storm are vague
and cannot be learned at this hour.
Ore Underneath the Streets.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Aug. 26.— A Butte,
Mont., special to the Pioneer-Press says:
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 27, 1809.
franchise insisted upon by Mr. Cham
berlain, but no eagerness. He says the
Outlanders' grievances are genuine,
but greatly exaggerated and not keenly
felt except by the hot-headed politi
cians.
JOHANNESBURG, Aug. 26—Com
mandant General Joubert, addressing a
meeting of Burghers to-day, said they
would never cease to strive for peace,
but that the Transvaal, if forced to
take up arms to maintain its independ
ence, would fight to the death.
PLAIN WORDS ON THE
TRANSVAAL SITUATION
Secretary Chamberlain Declares Eng-
land Will No Longer Ter
n With Boers.
.BIRMINGHAM, Eng., Aug. 26.— 1n
throwing open his own gardens here
this afternoon to the members of the
St. Bartholomew Ward Liberal Union
ists, Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of
State for the Colonies, was drawn into
the most important speech on the
Transvaal situation he has made since
the adjournment of Parliament.
"But what am I to talk about?" ask
ed the Secretary.
Cries of "the Transvaal," were made.
"Yes," he replied. "I know there is
one subject which is very deep in all
your hearts and about which I cannot
talk or say much, lest I do harm. That
is the relation of our race with the
Transvaal Government. I wish that I
could tell you to-day that the difficul
ties existing for BO many years between
Her Majesty's Government and the
oligarchy in Pretoria, which has as
sumed such an acute form during the
past few years, were happily settled.
. "But. unfortunately, that is not yet
A sensation was created in Butte to-day
by the disclosure of a copper vein of
marvelous richness while excavating for
a new block' to be occupied at the corner
of Broadway and Wyoming streets, less
than half a block from the City Hall.
PLAGUE IN RUSSIA.
j Many Deaths Have Occurred in As-
trakhan.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 26.-Many cvi-
I dences point to the fact that the out
break at Astrakhan* ls really bubonic
plague. Many cases have resulted fatally.
The Duke of Oldenburg, who ls president
of a committee for combating the plague.
has been sent to Astrakhan, accompanied
! by some distinguished doctors.
— « ♦ ■
Mrs. Townsend's Generosity.
Mrs. Townsend's Generosity.
The WASP'S souvenir number, illus
trative of the arrival of the First Cali
fornia Volunteers, has attracted so
much favorable attention that Mrs. A.
S. Townsend has subscribed for twelve
hundred copies so as to present each
of the returning heroes with one. The
gift cannot fail to be appreciated, as
the WASP'S special number contains
one of the most complete collections of
war pictures of general interest that
has been issued by any publication In
the country. The WASP deserves spe
cial credit as being the only local week
ly which Issued a special number
illustrative of the arrival of the volun
teers. Mrs. Townsend will present the
volunteers with the souvenirs on Tues
day at the Presidio.
. m »
Plague Is Spreading.
MADRID. Aug. 36.— Spanish Consul
at Lisbon telegraphs to this city that two
fresh case_3 of the plague were to-day dis
covered between Lisbon and Oporto. He
adds that one new case has occurred in
Oporto City. v V- •
■ ♦ ■
See Keith's announcement, page -twelve.*.
■ ■» » : .
Changes in Railway World.
[ MINNEAPOLIS, Aug. 26.— 1t Is an- j
in my power. As you know, for three
months we have been going. President
Kruger has made, perhaps, some little
progress, but I cannot truly say that
the crisis is past.
"President Kruger procrastinates in
his reply. He dribbles each reply like
water from a squeezed sponge. His of- j
fers are accompanied with conditions i
which he knows to be impossible, or he
refuses to allow us to make a satisfac-
tory investigation of their nature.
"I do not think it will be denied that
we have exhibited unparalleled pa-
tience in the relations between a para-
mount and a subordinate state. The
situation is too fraught with danger;
it is too strained for indefinite proposi
tion. The knot must be loosened, to
use Mr. Balfour's words, or else we
shall have to find other ways of unty-
ing it.
"If we are forced to do that, then I
would repeat now- words used by Lord
Salisbury in the House of Lords. I say
that, if forced to make further prepara
tion, if this delay continues much long-
er, we -anall not hold ourselves limited
by what we have already offered, but
having taken this matter in hand, we
will not let. go until we have secured
conditions which, once for all, will es
tablish us as the paramount power in
South Africa and secure for us our ob-
jects there, equal rights and privileges
promised by President ' Kruger when
the Transvaal's -* independence was
granted.- :
"If it comes to this, if the rupture
which We have done everything in our
power to avoid Is forced upon us, I am
confldent we shall have the support
not only of the vast majority of Britons
but of the whole empire. In all
this bad business there is one thing
upon which we can congratulate our
selves, and that is the unity of the em
pire. No British subject can suffer in
justice anywhere without awakening a
responsive chord In our most distant
colonies, which stand together in main
taining the honor and integrity of the
empire."
j nounced that James N. Hill, vice presi
' dent of the Eastern Minnesota, Is to be
| come general manager of the Great
Northern, a position newly created.
Lewis M. Hill, who has been assistant
to his father, will succeed his brother,
with headquarters at Duluth.
POINTS OF WEAKNESS
HUDYAN RELIEVES
HUDYAN RELIEVES
#(Fig. I) Headaches, Dizzy Spells.
Vertigo. These symptoms are due to
weak nerves, to liver trouble, to stom-
ach disorder, or to female weakness.
It matters not the cause, HUDYAN
affords immediate relief. HUDYAN
cures.
(Fig. 2)— Hollow Eyes. Pale or Sal-
(Fig. 2)— Hollow Eyes, Pale or Sal-
low Complexion, are the result of thin,
*___*,; watery blood. HUDYAN makes rich,
'j red blood, which in turn gives a glow
-L. of health. HUDYAN establishes per-
feet nutrition.
(Fig. 3)— Coated Tongue or Offensive
(Fig. 3)— Coated Tongue or Offensive
Breath. HUDYAN at once relieves
such conditions, for HUDYAN assists
digestion, acts gently yet effectively
upon the liver, and establishes a cor-
upon the liver, and establishes a cor-
rect action of kidneys.
(Figs 4-5) — Pains in Joints are due
(Figs 4-5) — Pains In Joints are due
__..__._.-_ is _____._, to rheumatism, liver trouble or kidney
HUDYAN IS OOOD. m, T_TT___ .-T ,  .- '
ALL druggists-soc. disease. HUDYAN reaches all these
conditions, purifies the blood and thoroughly expels all poisonous ele-
ments from the system.
(Fig. 6)— Palpitation or Irregular Fluttering of Heart. HUDYAN
cures, because HUDYAN strengthens the heart muscle and rebuilds the
broken-down heart structure. HUDYAN is the best remedy known for
heart disease. ■ • -.
(Fig. 7)— Pains or Soreness in Stomach, Bloating, a feeling of
Weight, Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Catarrh of Stomach— HUDYAN is an
infallible remedy. HUDYAN relieves all distress, for HUDYAN
strengthen* and stimulates to perfect activity the glands that secrete
the digestive fluids. HUDYAN cures permanently.
(Fig. S)— Costiveness, Pain in Right SiJe, Sallow Complexion,
coated Tongue, Headache and many other disagreeable symptoms arise
when liver is torpid or inactive. HUDYAN stimulates the liver to per-
feet activity. HUDYAN relieves at once the disagreeable symptoms of
liver trouble: it cures permanently.
HUDYAN is for ■-»*» ->••»»*»*-»**• *» >-»-*- men and women,
and is a remedy t /VIE IN MIND '<'■ ulatec* to effect
permanent cures. I *^'ivt_=r mi " '' Weakness, pale-
ness, emaciation, ♦ \A/0/V\EIN I nervousness, pains,
are promptly over- " ADVISED " come by the great
HUDYAN. HUD- I F-"RE**E. I * VAN is a tissue
builder, for. it as- I <_"/--_ LL OR I -B-Hts in cor*verting
the foe ! Into those T, .*» ■*-*-»«=- ♦ elements that give
health andstrength. I -A/RITE. T HUDYAN has
cured thousands. -»■»■» ••>••••"*»*»-»»**•-»•*> •» ilt will cure you.
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists— cents a package, or six pack-
ages for $2.50. i
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN, send direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts., -San Francisco, Cal.
CONSULT THE HUD VAN DOCTORS. THEY WILL ADVISE YOU
FREE OF CHARGE. ; CALL OR WRITE. :
ROUND-UP OF
NEGRO BANDS
IN GEORGIA
! Murderer Delagell Surren
ders to the Troop of Sa
vannah Soldiers.
SITUATION IMPROVES
Nevertheless Additional Regiments
Have Been Ordered Out and the
Danger Is Not Yet Over.
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call
DARIEN, Ga., Aug. 26.— round-
up of riotous negroes in Mcintosh
County by the military to-day result-
ed in the surrender of Henry Delagell,
the murderer of Deputy Sheriff Towns-
end, and the location for future arrest
of Delagell's brother and the woman ;
i directly Implicated in the killing. Dela-
gell's surrender was made to Lieuten-
ant Wood, in charge of a detachment
of thirty Savannah soldiers stationed
fifteen miles in the country to back up
! the Sheriff's posse, who were scouring
the swamps.
Delagell to-night stated that he sur-
rendered to the troops for protection, as
he saw the Sheriff's posse was closing
in on him and his capture was only a
matter of a few hours or minutes. The
arrest of Delagell and the arrival of
reinforcements for the military seem to
have broken the backbone of the defi
ance of the law by the negroes. A
whole regiment of troops is now on
' duty in and about Darien, under com-
mand of Colonel Lawton, but it is not
! believed there will be further blood
j shed. There are still several ringlead
i ers of the blacks wanted by the officers
lof the law. Unless they come in and
; surrender or are brought in by their
friends and turned over to the authori-
ties, the troops will go after them to-
morrow.
The courthouse here has been turned
Into a barracks for the soldiers. Many
of them to-night are completely ex-
hausted, having been on duty for three
I days and two nights.
At noon to-day a courier from the
swamp, eighteen miles out, arrived and
reported that the negroes had congre-
gated in and around the house of the
Delagells", six miles from the swamp,
and would not surrender or permit the
Delagells to be taken. The Sheriff,
with a posse of 100 men, went to the
Delagells' house, but returned without
making an attack. He gave out the in-
formation that he would need more
men to enforce a demand for the much
wanted negroes, and set about enlarg-
ing his posse. Colonel Lawton, after
communicating with Governor Candler,
ordered the Liberty Independent Troop
of Light Cavalry here and they left
Jones station almost immediately, and
came through the county over the
I wagon roads, a distance of twenty-five
miles, arriving about 4 o'clock this
afternoon.
■ Colonel Lawton also ordered the
First Regiment of Georgia Volunteers,
at Savannah, to proceed at once to
Darien. They reached here this after-
noon at 6 o'clock. Colonel Lawton has
ordered tents and camp equipments for
the men in case they are needed.
It had been reported here that 1000
negroes were in the vicinity of Dela-
gell's house, having come from all parts
of Liberty and Mcintosh counties. Re-
connolterlng was done by courier, but
as the negroes were scattered for sev
eral miles through the swamp their
number was not definitely ascertained.
Colonel Lawton, late in the afternoon,
ordered the Fourth Regiment, with
camps at Brunswick. Yaldosta, Way-
cross and other towns in this section,
to be prepared to move at a moment's
notice. The soldiers at Brunswick and
Waycross are in their armories await-
ing orders to proceed to Darien. The
white people were aroused for miles
around and came in during the day in
__..______________■_■■——■■■ ■*■*-************- ■**!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■_^jli^ •
NEW GOODS ARRIVING DAILY. |
NEW SOODS ARRIVING DAILY. |
_ „» i« i.pinir enhanced by the arrival of -•
The beauty and excellence of every^"t-'nent s P""« manufacture. We call T
the fall season's latest productions of European and Ame^ r. -. Black and Colored Dress v
special attention to our magnificent collection of -**" f.Lhr... an,_ correctness of design. T
Goods and Silks, which are unsurpassed ln richness of fabric anu v .
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY. ...r^Do *,
THE FOLLOWING ARE TO-MORROW'S GREAT LEADERS: X
AUTUMN SILKS.
21-inch ILLUMINATED STRIPED
CORDED TAFFETA— A beautiful line of
fall colorings; special per «$? I f)Q
21-Inch SATIN STRIPED POMPADOUR
TAFFETA In the most beau- tfl? I QPt
tlful effects; special per yard CJJ I • -A
22-Inch CORDED TAFFETA, solid color
ground in the new fall shades of Violet,
Cyrano', Bluet. Gray and Brown; a charm-
ing silk for Shirt Waists; spe- CJ I OR
cial per yard ■•_&_»
EXTRA SPECIAL '-& Sk?""1
BLACK TAFFETA SUK,
1500 yards of BLACK SWISS TAF-
FETA, 27 Inches wide; the ideal Silk
for dress costumes, petticoats and
skirts; that service giving, rustling
grade; regular price $125; on QK/-* ■
sale per yard VSV_T j
I
_______»_________________——-—----———-----— ——————— ■ T
Our advance showing of the new Fall Styles In high Novelties of Plaid 3*
Dress Fabrics, so popular this season for a swell skirt. Is complimented -J*
by every lady that visits our store. *y
Those displayed In our spacious show-windows are pronounced the y
prettiest Plaids produced. -^ - ' *!"
I ■ .-:■ T
I T
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT.
Here are offerings of special in-
terest :
We will place on sale to-morrow 2.M) pairs
We will place on sale to-morrow 250 pairs
of NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS in
Ecru and White, 3*4 yards long, from 50 to
.'4 inches wide, in the very latest designs;
regular value $2 50. $2 and <£ | A%\
$175; your choice; pair tj? a •-_*•■__"■
35 pieces BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK.
66 Inches wide, in several new patterns; the
same cannot be duplicated for less than
"nc yard; on sale at KA/*>
175 dozen HEMMED ALL LINEN HUCK-
ABUCK TOWELS, size 17x34, good value
at 20c; on sale 1*2.1C
each l*t't\*
150 pieces GERMAN EIDERDOWN
FLANNELS, In all the new fall designs,
well adapted for ladies' wrap- 101/*>
pers; on sale per yard 1 ___■•* V*
NEW GOLF CAPES, ±
Ladies' and Children's Golf Capes of the highest order will be one of the greatest at- *$"
tractions at our store to-morrow, doubly so by virtue of a most unusual combination *t
of style quality, perfection of workmanship and remarkably low prices. *4"
— ' ■ **_•
_________________ •_*■
-_-____&-••*> '^'JStMr _____.____! t __________*****_____ "**"
ABt _TT*^^^ **-WBr B A .i.
AS . jb /_Bb_B /__P^_P /\ Ast /SiloS JBB GfI # jbf _>**____. "t"
— *-™^ _______________________(''''' *T
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. *f
large numbers, and every available
white man in Mcintosh County is depu- ,
tized by Sheriff Blount, but still he
could not muster a very large posse. :
The negroes number five to each white j
man Business is suspended in Darien j
for the time being, and it is reported ,
that farms in the county have been i
temporarily abandoned.
JOSEPH HAYES
SUDDENLY DROPS
OUT OF SIGHT
Evades His Nurse and
Disappears.
Joseph Hayes, a well-known liquor deal
er, who lives at 20 John street, is among
the missing, and his family and friends
are greatly perturbed. He disappeared on
Sunday last, and since then no trace has
been found of him. "When last seen he was
staying at Paraiso Springs, where he had
gone on the 16th inst, to recuperate, j
Searching parties have scoured the hills ;
in the vicinity of the resort, and a re- :
ward has been offered in the hope of find- i
ing him, but up to the present without
success.
Mr. Hayes had been drinking heavily,
and was prevailed on by friends to go to
the springs and recover his natural con
dition. He took their advice, and in com- j
pany with Dr. Perrault, proprietor of the j
resort, he left on August 16. Shortly after
his arrival the alcohol he had imbibed be
gan to show Its effects, and an attendant !
was placed over him.
On Saturday he developed symptoms j
of delirium tremens and the watch on
him was drawn closer. The next morn
ing the nurse, seeing Mr. Hayes appar
ently asleep, withdrew for a few minutes,
and on his return found his patient gone.
He immediately instituted a search, but
could not lind him. Appreciating his
condition and fearing that he might be
come violent and do himself or others an
injury, the now affrighted nurse notified
the doctors.
The last trace they got of him was that
he was headed up the mountains hatiess
and wild eyed. A resident of Salinas
who was encamped ln the vicinity
vouched for this fact. A searching party
was immediately set out in the hope of
finding him, but the 'missing matt had
disappeared as if he had been swallowed
up by the earth. Old hunters who know
every path and trail in the hills scoured
them, but without avail. The Sheriff of
the county was also notified, and he sent
telephone messages and deputies in all
directions, but was ' unable to locate
Hayes' whereabouts.
It is feared he crawled into the brush
and perished. This theory is based on the j
fact that the brush is extremely thick in I
the mountains, and if he did come to his I
senses it would be a difficult thing for
him to find his way out. The only water
to be had in the hills is said to be alkali j
and unfit for drinking purposes.
Another theory advanced by the hotel |
people is that Hayes, objecting to the |
close surveillance kept on him, watched j
his opportunity and slipped out, and in- \
stead of heading up the mountains went
in the opposite direction and boarded li
freight train at Soledad.
Mrs. Hayes was immediately notified of
her husband's disappearance, and she took
the first train for the springs. Seeing that ■
she could not improve on the efforts made
to find him she came home.
Mrs. Hayes called at police headquarters
last night and gave a detailed description
of her husband, and asked that every ef- ■
fort be made to find him. .
INGLORIOUS END OF
A FAMOUS HORSE
The Hide of the ' Speedy Holocauste
to Be Made * Into
Boots.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— A World cable
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— A World cable
from London says: Holocausts, the
French crack on which Tod Sloan rode his
lirst fatal Derby, has met with an inglo
rious fate. "Hin partly dressed skin has
been hanging outside of a boot store in
Queen Victoria street for the past few
days, with the announcement that it will
be made into boots at J6 a pair.
The interest excited by this Bad memo
AUTUMN DRESS GOODS, i
woi-isite styles of BLACK CREPON re- *]
..,;"■ ! during" the past wrtfc On sale to- £
morrow at unusually low prices.
morrow at unusually low prices. j^
Fine NOVELTY BLACK CREPON. In *
brilliant Mohair and Poplin grounds in all V
new raised effects; actually CO Q() j
worth $12: a suit t?OJo\j\j J
Highest NOVELTY ENGLISH MOHAIR V
CREPON very lustrous, ln beautiful de- J
signs of medium and large raised J
effects; actually worth lis: $12,00 -X
a suit .147 a _■_•-_*••-_■ ,
coloredTovelties. !
COLORED SILK AND WOOD MATLA- f
SEE SUITINGS In the new fall shadings of V
Tan. Brown, Green and Blue; gift OO 7
regular price $7 30; a suit *tp \_» • V»* Vf *•?.
44-Inch FRENCH CREPON, the most 2
popular fabric this season for a stylish JL
walking suit, in shades of Tan. Brown, JL,
Purple Green, Navy. Cadet and Castor; I
r^iu^..^.....1!0.50::::::::. $7.50 J
-_.
SPECIAL IN HANDKERCHIEFS. I
No better time than to-morrow has been J.
afforded our customers to buy HANDKER- J,
CHIEFS. Such values should not go unno- f
tied, 3,
2500 dozen fine IRISH AND SWISS EM- 4,
BROIDERED HANDKERCHIEFS, new J.
styles, regular value 35c and 25c; |l*---Jr** J,
your choice; each ,V- J*.
AN UNUSUAL OFFERING IN HOSIERY, ?
100 dozen REMBRANDT RIB LADIES' T
BLACK HERMBDORPF DYE PURE "£
lisle HOSE; the regular jOcOOIp *f
quality; on sale, pair O«t»3V •*-*■
LADIES' SILK WAISTS. !
\ repetition of last Monday's enormous *jf
A repetition of last Monday's enormous T
SILK WAIST SALE, with added lots, Just *J
received. V
95 BLACK WAISTS, this season's styles, T
made of an extra good quality; Swiss. Taf- T
fit, i and Satin DuchesM, tucked front and T
hack. lined throughout; your til A fil-I T
choice; each *tJJ*T*»C3*_*» J
rial, all that remains of the Derby favor
ite, has been so great that policemen
were specially engaged to keep the crowd
moving.
Sloan is to have a pair of the boots him
self, though this is considered rather un
lucky by the sporting fraternity. Sloan
says Holocauste was the best horse he
ever bestrode.
*.
CYCLONE FORMING IN
MARTINIQUE ISLAND
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Aug. 26.— The
island of Martinique reports a cyclone
forming: south and moving toward Do
minica and Guadalupe.
PONCE, Porto Rico, Aug. 26.— A1l pos
sible preparations are being made against
the predicted storm. Meanwhile the mili
tary authorities are doing all in their
power to alleviate the conditions which
followed the recent cyclone. There is a
daily, distribution of rice, beans and cod
fish and supplies are sent to other dis
tricts, as rapidly as the transportation fa
cilities will permit. Official wages have
been fixed at five centavos an hour. Many
men have refused to work on these terms,
but some assistance is obtained from
boys.
The water is foul. Four thousand cubio
meters of mud and debris are piled in the
streets, the hospitals are overcrowded and
the temporary hospitals are filled; there
is a good deal of fever and malaria and
some typhoid; such houses as are stand
ing are overcrowded and there are thou
sands who are altogether homeless.
Dependable Drugs
Traveling
Trinkets
Useful sundries handy to have on a
trip — whether by rail, steamer or
stage.
One often needs more than they
can afford at traveling time— more so
if on an outing.
Need not fear spending too much if
we supply you.
Traveling Flasks 25c
Wicker-cover bottles. Half
pint size and up to a quart.
Patent rubber and wire stop-
pers. Impossible to leak.
Pocket Ink Wells 25c
Small glass ink well— patent
stopper. Glass is heavily
covered with leather. :.:-,. ■
Money Belts $1.00
Made of best chamois skin . ■• '
and wire buckle. Carry
gold or currency.
Cork Screws 15c
The 1 5 cent cork screw is a
very small one. Larger and
stronger cork screws, 20c,
25c and 50 cents.
Tweezers 15c
Small, delicate tweezers and '
nail cleaner combined. ". . ,
Playing Cards 15c
Bicycle playing cards are the
most popular playing cards. .
Court Plaster 59
A small case for the vest
pocket containing court plast-
er in assorted colors. I . -• ;
Pocket Toilet Paper 5c
A convenient book of good :
toilet paper. ' -
In
"I*l. SoutlT 336-
- IOU4BWOAOWAV. OAK. ■■
_4L-_-9_X 101 . t BKOADWAV. OAK, ■>
.mot ni. **_-*,.) Tel naif* ■SO—*.
ommmmmimmmooomom^mi^m^mmmmom^HENDERSON
TO HAVE NO
OPPOSITION
Poll of the House Shows
■
He Will Be Named for
Speaker.
Republicans of the Coming Con-
gress to Support Gold-Standard
\ Legislation.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— Members
elected to the Fifty-sixth Con-
gress have been asked by The
Call and Herald to Indicate their
preferences for successors of Speaker
Reed and Joseph W. Bailey, the mi-
nority leader, and to explain their po
sition ln regard to currency and trust
legislation.
Answers were given by a very large
proportion of the 357 members of the
House. It appears that David B. Hen-
derson of lowa will be elected Speaker
without Republican opposition. David
A. de Armond of Missouri seems to be
in the lead for the minority nomination.
The Republicans are practically
united in support of the currency bill,
which will be reported by the currency
committee named by the Republican
caucus. They expect this measure to
establish the gold standard unequivo
cally and to Increase National Bank
circulation, while breaking the "end-
less chain" of greenbacks. Democrats
from the South and West will advo
cate free silver coinage, the withdrawal
of National Bank circulation, the re-
tention of the greenback system and
the removal of the tax on State bank
notes.
That the trusts will furnish one of the
leading Issues of the season and of the
coming Presidential campaign Is un-
mistakably foreshadowed. From the
tenor of the replies made to the Her-
ald's questions there seems to be a pos
sibility and hope in some quarters that
the trust issue may eventually divide
the Republicans, and at the same time
unite the Democracy, which now
seems to be hopelessly split on the cur-
rency question. Californians expressed
themselves as follows:
Representative Barham — I have
reached the conclusion that, except in
a very limited way, the question of
trusts ls one calling for State and not
national legislation. Reviewing the
acts of Congress, now existing law on
the statute books. I am unable to see
what further legislation could be had
or made by Congress.
Representative Kahn — So far as cur- j
rency reform is concerned, I shall favor j
a gold standard and shall support such j
legislation as will tend to establish the ;
stability of the American dollar and
sustain its purchasing power in all the :
markets of the world. I consider trusts i
a menace to the welfare of our people,
and I certainly believe they should be j
made a national issue. I
Representative Loud— regard to
trusts, I cannot say offhand what
should be the course pursued. Time ;
AD VEBTISEMENT S.
I V "^ """ *-Jfos* *•"•*** -J
-/ -*jr^. m J
I*rom the day that a young man starts
eat to seek his first position to the end of
his business life, his health has a world to
do with his success. When a young man
applies to a business man for a position, his
personal appearance has a deal to do with
the outcome. "Personal appearance" does
not mean dress alone. It does not mean
exterior cleanliness alone. A young man
may be clean, so far as scap and water will
make him, but be disfigured by unsightly
pimples, eruptions and ulcerations on the
ekin. These are due to impurities in the
blood. The blood becomes impure because
it is improperly nourished. Instead of
receiving the life-giving elements of the
food, it receives the foul emanations of
indigestion, bilousness and costiveness.
The reason that Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery is the best remedy for
disorders of this description is that it goes
right to first causes. It gives a man an
appetite "like a horse." It facilitates the
flow of digestive juices. It corrects all
disorders of the digestion, and makes the
assimilation of the life-giving elements
of the food perfect. It invigorates the
liver. It purifies and enriches the blood.
It makes the muscles strong and active.
It tones and steadies the nerves. It makes
a young man look as he should — of
body, alert of brain and clean and whole-
some of skin. Medicine dealers sell it,
and have nothing "just as good."
" I had eczema in its worst form," writea
Austin Ramsey. Esq.. of Saltillo. Huntingdon
Co . Pa. " I tried three doctors but got no re-
lief I thought it would set rae wild, it itched
and burned so badly. The neighbors thought I
would never be cured. I took your * -Golden
Medical Discovery ' and am now well."
3 visit OR JORDAN'S great
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY)
.MUSEUM OF ASATOMY_
4 £-3 :: -: ****** •*•* *•*•--- 6__._.7__.. z.j ■*■*•** 4
T Df ****** *--•r_*--*, Anatomical Museum in the \
A World. Weaknesses or any contracted Q
* -!___?_ -_**_* disease p**9ltl*r**lj **m re— by the oldest W
___________ ** ■•■•€ p*--iH»»«'ly r «ri»_ '*y the oldest W
0 ilfegj fcpecianstca the CoaU. Est. 36 > car* -£
A flf¥Vj DR. JORDAH-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
A flif-fft CR* JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES _#
\ (s!«_) v Consultation tree and itri'tljr private _
A I _Sfl Trr merit personally pr by letter. A A
V M flr M ■ /*»» rtte Cure in every ca>e undertaken. T
Atoll ll A Write for Book. PIIII.OSUPHVrr A
0' jf [I*l -4R-lA-I*. MAILED FKEB. |..f
A A It, valjable book for men; .
7 OR JOBDAK- CO, 10.1 Market St., 8. F. T
c c DDilM'e FOX either rex.
l r DDBlfei 'C FOR F;,T,IFR we c-
Lt Drill It «Thifa remedy being in-
Ji 1 li il directly to the
G£tfA seat of those diseases
Q ■■ of the Genito-Urinary
Mi In Organ-, require" no
_Si GJ4 change of diet. Core
_J*!_£_. -gga guaranteed in 1 to 3
day*. Hmall plain pack-
MIT **___» 7C« age. by ™all*» 9 *.00.'
%J» %J _tfc.____ Mold only by
GEORGE DAHLRENT'ER & CO.. Sole A-?ta.,
214 Kearny St., San Francisco.
0 ___*-& ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ and Morphine Habits
ffl 111 ________ 'W- at home. Write
Li i lUI Si rreeart,CUlar-
lfl INDIAN OPiCM CURE.
1 Wl INDIAN OPiCK CURE.
VI I V.I i 8..D. KIM MIS, 201 Turk
fct., £»_ rr*aeiic». -*."•-*. I
I alone can demonstrate what ls the bet
: ter action to take. Anything that men-
aces the best interests of the country
should be held in subjection by nation
'' al control. The formation of trusts is
! wholly a question of State control.
Trusts judiciously and equitably man
aged are not a menace, and if some
'. of them menace the rights of the peo
ple as, a whole, Congress without doubt
; will and should enact some legislation
respecting them.
Representative Waters ln my opin
i ion currency reform is a question yet
' to be worked out and should have very
1 careful consideration by the Fifty-sixth
. Congress. Regarding trusts, I see no
| legal way that the Federal authorities
can successfully cope with the evils
! engendered thereby, except, perhaps,
' through the control of transportation
! companies. I see no reason why we
should not make the trusts a national
; issue if we can accomplish anything
i thereby.
Representative "Needham am In
; favor of currency reform, and my vote
; and influence will be used to the end
| that our currency may be placed upon
i a more permanent basis. I shall favor
j legislation, so far as Congress has au
thority for the purpose of minimizing
i the evils of trusts.
PLOT TO BOON
CIGAR FACTORY
Stock Was Small and
Heavily Insured.
Pr*claJ Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Aug. 26.— Excitement pre
vails here over what ls supposed to be a
plot to burn down the Redding Co-opera
tive Cigar Factory for the purpose of ob
taining insurance. The factory was start
ed two months ago by five men from Au
burn. F. Van Stavern was manager of the
company and Paul Newman secretary-
The business did not prove successful
and all the members of the company
dropped out but Van Stavern and Newman.
On Wednesday the two went to San Fran
cisco, leaving M. J. Fahey. a recent em
ploye, in charge. Fahey was arrested last
night for trying to sell unstamped cigars.
Mrs. Minnie Blome, who lives in the
building adjoining the factory, declares
that Newman tried on Monday to per
suade her to burn the building, offering
her a good price. She refused and Sheriff
Behrens thinks Fahey was to burn the
property.
The factory was entered and $100 worth
of stock was found. This is insured for
about $SOO. Newman owed $20 at the Tem
ple Hotel and the stock was attached by
the proprietor to-day.
ENGLAND THREATENED
WITH A DROUGHT
Thames Is Very Low and "Wells In
Southern Villages Are
Giving* Out.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— A World cable
from London says: London and the
whole south of England are still sizzling
under a merciless, untempered tropical
sun. The present drought has been un
paralleled for seventy years. But for the
exceptional rainfall in the winter and
spring the effects would be far more seri
ous.
Wells are giving out in the villages de
pendent upon them. The Thames is lower
than for fifty years and cannot much
longer furnish sufficient supplies for the
London water companies, while the Lea.
which runs through the most populous
and poorest district in the East End, is
described by the sanitary officers as
merely an open sewer. Owing to the want
of water the London streets, especially
In the West End, where there are wood
and asphalt pavements, are frightfully
malodorous. " *
The water companies are evincing their
concern about supplies by Instituting
prosecutions on trivial charges of waste.
London, in short, has been brought face
to face with a most serious situation
owing to the greed and tyranny of the
water monopolies.
A hill for appropriating the water of
the London water monopoly interest will j
be one 'if the first to be introduced by the
next Government.
PASSED A DERELICT
OFF VANCOUVER ISLAND
Believed to Be the Mysterious Vessel
Seen Off Clayoquot
Sound.
PORT TOWNSEND. Aug. -Captain
A. L. Hammer of the schooner Lily L,
from Unalaska, reports to the British
nydrographlc offico that on August 16
he passed a derelict, which appeared to
be a three-masted square-rigged vessel.
The lower part of the mainmast, on
which was a gaff, was standing.
The hull was badly broken and a great
deal of the planking • gone, showing the
ribs. The position of the derelict when
sighted was latitude 49:58 north, longitude
1:36:46 west, about 350 miles from the
north end of Vancouver Island. It is
thought that this is not the same dere
lict barkentine reported off Clayo-quot
Sound recently.
m
MURDERERS' ESCAPE.
Eight Men Under Indictment for !
Crime During Wardner Riots.
"WALLACE, Idaho. Aug, 26.— Last night I
George Craddock, Joseph Inman, Jerry
Cronin. Alexander Wills, Patrick Addu
del and three others. indicted for the mur
der of Cheyne and Smith in the Wardner
riot April last, escaped from the stockade
at Wardner. The sergeant of the soldier
guards is also missing. The country is
thoroughly aroused, and every possible
effort is being made for the recapture of
the men. The manner of escape is un
known, but no one doubts that bribery
was resorted to. There are probably fifty
men searching for the criminals.
Injured in Yellowstone.
SALT LAKE, Aug. 26— Information has |
been received here from Monlda, Mont..
of the death of Mrs. Joseph Lippman
and the severe injury of Mr. Lippman,
a prominent attorney of Salt Lake, by
being thrown from their carriage in Yel
lowstone Park Hear Norris.
. m
Steamer on Fire.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Aug. 26.— A dis- j
patch from Palnesvllle says that a freight :
steamer was seen on nre off Fairport
about 9 o'clock. Tugs and the life-saving
crew were sent out to the vessel, which
appeared to be helpless and drifting. . j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 27, 1899.
UNEXAMPLED
DEFEAT OF
THE KAISER
Action of the Diet on the
Canal Bill a Personal .
Blow.
WILLIAM IS ANGRY
Dares Not Punish Offending Leaders
Until He Recovers Lost
Strength.
Copyrighted. ISM. by th« Associated Pree*.
BERLIN, Aug. 26.— The political sit-
uation this week has been highly In-
I teresting. The unexampled defeat of
j the Government ln the Diet, which,
: after his emphatic utterance at Dort
j mund, was a personal defeat of Em
: peror William, has engrossed attention,
to the exclusion of almost everything
I else. The fact that the blow was
dealt by the conservatives, a party
which has been favored and nursed for
' generations at the expense of every
' other party, made the event all the
more sensational. The absence of his
Majesty complicated the situation for
the Cabinet, and the Emperor, not hay-
ing expected the rejection of the canal
' bill, no provision was made as to what
' steps the Government would take .In
; such an event. After the final vote
both Prince Hohenlohe, the Imperial
Chancellor, and Dr. yon Miquel. Vice
President of the Council of Ministers
: and Prussian Minister of Finance, not
: having any Instructions, neither the
Cabinet nor the Government press
knew what to say or do. For several
days political chaos reigned, 'even the
opposition press being at a loss.
Detailed reports had been wired the
Emperor, and every member of the
1 Cabinet participated in the debates, and
! his Majesty wrote and wired brief re
j plies in which it was apparent he felt
a keen sense of personal outrage and
meant to deal punishment to the worst
blunderers and offenders. That, how-
ever, was insufficient to let the Cabinet
see their way clear how to shade their
actions. It was only on "Wednesday
that the nation and the Cabinet began
to know precisely how the Emperor
stood and what were his intentions re-
garding the unprecedented situation,
nothing like this defeat having been
met with since the establishment of the
I Diet fifty years ago.
Wednesday's and Thursday's crown
councils, however, furnished light. It
! appeared that Emperor William, after
; mature reflection, had concluded not to
1 dissolve the Diet and not to accept the
resignation of the Cabinet. It was rep-
resented to his Majesty that the elec
tions might not result in a majority for
the canal project, while the dismissal of
the Cabinet and the formation of a new
one would present at this juncture new
and almost insurmountable difficul-
ties. To begin with, the Conservatives
formed almost half the membership of
the Diet, and the party strong enough
to govern must be on hand, which was
not the case.
Another weighty reason with his
Majesty is the consideration, skilfully
dwelt on by the conservative press, that
the Emperor absolutely needs a party
to restrain and fight the revolutionary
elements, notably the socialists.
The proposed partial reorganization
of the Cabinet, relieving It of some of
its inefficient members, like Baron yon
der Ecke and Baron yon der Horst,
the Minister of the Interior, has been
postponed to quieter times, his Majesty
meanwhile disciplining some of the
most refractory officials, who. as dele-
gates, voted and agitated against the
canal bill. Having resolved on this, the
present outcome of the crisis amounts
to next to nothing. The Emperor and
tho Cabinet will continue to govern
with the same party which brought on
the crisis.
Mild threats have been launched in
the entire press by the members of the
Government against, the Conservatives
and their leaders. These threats ap
peared for several days in such Govern-
ment organs as the Allegemeine Zei-
tung, Politische Correspondent, Neu-
stan Wachrichten, Hamburger Corre
spondent and others. The crisis is so
serious, however, that every member
of the Cabinet has been recalled to Ber
lin. Prince Hohenlohe even abandoned
his usual summer trip to Ausze, Aus
tria, and will remain in this city for
some time. The wildest rumors and
statements pervaded the papers during
the first half of the week. The entire
Liberal press Indulged ln the hope of a
radical change in the political system
of Prussia, the submerging of the Con-
servative and Agrarian elements and
the coming to the front of the Liberals
and the industrial Interests of the
country. It was the premature and In-
judicious publication of their hopes j
which startled the Emperor and made |
him retrace his steps to the Conserva
tive camp. The correspondent here of j
the Associated Press hears from a reli- j
able source that Prince Hohenlohe in- j
sisted on a dissolution of the Diet and I
the resigning of the Cabinet while Dr.
yon Miquel viewed the situation in the
light finally adopted by the Emperor.
Prince Hohenlohe, although he yield- j
ed, is heartily tired of office and cannot
well bear the burdens much longer. A |
most Interesting feature of the situa- I
tion was the attitude of the Conserva - j
rFROM I
FROM
$15 I
ITO  , @
mmm M XmWmmm M
S2OO
IN ONE DAY. I
That's what one Oil stock 1
jumped yesterday. m
Why? Because they U
I STRUCK OIL
H Ours will do the same. A few
I shares purchased now may
H change your whole future.
B BIGPANOCHEOILCO.,
B ADAMS BUILDING. "*•;.'
I 206 KEARNY STREET,
m San Francisco, CaJ.
____BM__a_a______u_____________________-__:
THE EMPORIUM.
>»- — --------------------------- -______._.__._.,._.__.__._.___.____-_--__ -_^
_V {j^. The big store has engaged tho only T rave lie, the great conjurer and slight-of-hand performer, for this week. Free
k 77/<? Az^ s/ori? has engaged the only Travelle, the great conjurer and slight-of-hand performer, for thts week. Free
\ performance in Exhibition Hall daily — 10 :tol2a. m. and 2tosp. m.
/_r__B_H EJ iif ""wa ft 9 3 __f**__l_l *__i W__a fisH [**iS >*"**__>_ ___T*_f>__. __7w _#<Be»L / H^_2> x?^*--. __a_fls3 Iflffl ___^"T__>
-4utumin &€s€%€&& £lre Here*
j; Fall and Winter Stocks began to arrive weeks ago — earlier than ever before in our experience —
j; Fall and Winter Stocks began to arrive weeks ago — earlier than ever before in our experience—
y so that now, in the closing week of August, the big store is fully prepared to furnish the materials for
k your autumn outfit. buyers will be able to engage the services of dressmakers before the rush
► of a couple of weeks later begins. .Early buyers will get the first choice -Dress Goods, Silks, Advanced Styles in Millin.ry,
y Fall Trimmings, Neckwear, Gloves, Ribbons, Veilings and New Hosiery. Several Important Special Sales Are
y Also Told of in This Announcement.
V AufUmn "Tee Prettiest plaids *£ -' j___-*.*^'- • ' '" A '■■'■ a Autumn Three selections ' from
*• £_»#-», _*-/«_« produced,' cur East- ,2ftA .>^=- rrnrg^*-^^^^^^****!^g> i^Jfe, DM i g-« ___t San Francis-
y fiaiUSm em buyer informs us, -^Ljl /\ A IXja'.-* ..Tip.- .ffi i&Jr BtaCK LIOOUSm co's premier
a and probably the mo3t compete as- y^f Q(J /^S 2^t\TMMtm2M* mM M B*&>ff***<& ■ __ TO^ Black Dress Goods stock.
► -ortment sent to California this Fall. ; Us] -M[* * r ********* ■■■.* ****** ««>#- -^ • W 9 19-inch ' Mohair Crepon, bright luster,
[ Here is a popular pricei line' in eff.c- ' jj* I. j i ______ ♦___'*• __r» __r» ______* __r«»*__P 1 fil hghly finished fabric, in eight stylish
P tive patterns and colorings— 42-inch H. B■: 9» mrm>mm &JT '- ■■■ J ] ■•.Ul designs including the new --triped ,
1 Fancy Camel's Hair Plaid— extra heavy. ■ # » __S *__f fcf #____• I W effects — per yard $i.OO
y very sty. ish patterns, and color ef- . A ]J *+&MmV^£M* /ifO Y& M'£M&&A \ \1 52-inch Venetian Goth, one of the most ,
|k fects— per yard. 900 . al^^V*! -~*~*t~-J9 *-*:•; I ' V popular weaves for fall wear, four ,
► ; j^>*______iilfe^!*t*t*»_-_ yf^y*y^>^. ---ij. ' irf*-ifr*vr grades, all splendid value**, at- '. . 1
* Autumn Four liDe3 already in 'lrla^^*#f»>. r'"**-S___.^SQB*sss^g^^^ $1, $1.25, 51.50 and $1.75 •
■" Q_7ff_r_e large* demand-— four | I |S \*^/-v-^^P^*Wk w__k i 52 inch Zibiline, the most stylish fabric •
► Of#fl-9» styles from a hundred || \^^'//^A*^^*SaQß '■" "' """"" " ' 1 1 " l£^^ii__l 1 of the year, particularly suited to '
J now bein^ s-.own : . _. * - j}| >*_<|; ,- -----^iL^J n^Q!fi^' ,-^p n tailor ces umes, exceptional values
i 20-inch Corded Taffeta— solid colorings,. ,'J W /^r*=r^===^:*^sL-__ !*E ' ! at $1, $1.25, $1.50 and -$2.50 '
j, all fashionable Fall shades— a v=ry '' || [g\ - - ■■i'**y__f^tM_:i '•'IP i -• <
k pretty shirt waist fabric — per yard.... \.,'^-^^»_^--JLu4gif^r\r^ '"' *------SBJL»j3n» J«E & Golnnogi Two lines very hand- ,
L <:•# _r»_n _/ ■X?_i_r>SKi-*-*l■,,■ —^=__^^____sS,s*^ ' MB g -wwiwi *&«_' **,
► $1,1311 V** si^j(^*^~*' . SSi_Z'T^:J^^-I**^ Vieis I n ______ _B ______# some.dressy, ,
a 21-inch Jacquard Figured Stripe 1 Taf- -=l____l_— — * 4i^ *■ UrcSS LIOOUSm and withal 1
J feta, in handsome new Fail colorings- The Biff Store haS Closed OUt the balance Of ' a inexpensive. <
I per yard .*. .$1.10% Ilie __% ocv^it '^ /^ -.«---- - Fancy Two-toned Suiting. 44 inches wide, '
[ 21-inch Corded Stripe Taff?ta, with ; manUTaCtUrer S StOCK Ot * (t?f*f - flf/ Off Ver iWOVei- high luster and rich effect in black '
X dotted grounds, exquisite color effects . • 4§E.S of an immense reduction trom regular prices, and green, bue and yellow, green and ;
_. —per ..~ $1.25 r-,^ "*** "■• -r j j ... j " i., _.v red, slate and green, green and gold, .
V 22-inch Hemstitchel Strjp?d. Taffeta— and On ' Monday» - I UeSday ana WeaneSaay \\\ tne and brown and complete co'- ,
V solid colorings, 4 shades— gray, helio- nilfintitv laqtS tha^" 10112. Will Sell at tume $9.00 1
► trope, navy and white— per yard... - - quantity laStb Uldt lung; .vvim **"<" Zibiline Suiting, 5 J inches wide, the new ,
y $1.50 _!^__iS4_n* _f*^^3l__nb__rB fabric for tailor costumes, handsome «
* : — — — . ____> -*^_P Ca" ___■ **-£« **a_r*w » mixtures in blue and black, green and '
t DfLfiMMo Charm-ncr «tock of --, ' * ' t*. ' ; *.- ' .** '_*--... 1 -_ri- . black, brown and black, ani purple '
i HJ"~PnS' w.*°jfnc;RCJbo;j Curling Irons Shoe Horns Button Hooks Cuticle Knives and black-complete suit pattern.. ... *
y VeilingS, in Persian" patterns, Darners Roller Blotters Nail Files Erasers $10.50 \
y black ant white, n.vy b'u; and white Nail Brushes Paper Cutters Corn Knives Seals *_.__.__% ____-. By exnress last '
striped heavy Taffeta with Chenille Stamp Moisteners Tooth Brushes DreSS - weTach^oe I
r edge and handsomely Brocaded Satin in v , „. _ Tf*ffffffttfft#f_ie_. , "*•"'- .°- •
I floral and Vs goMMng n. c. | 77^5* flr//c/« gg guaranteed- 925-1000 Fine Silver. \™™h ™res, ;°omp°risingma ;
JT. p"^f° '° •*P/'«° ySr</ ~ " . variety of Eastern novelties-beauti* J
. veiLthe latest . a. Furniture and Carpets %^^iMm3^iMm
J wt- a hand- VN » $10.50, $15, $25 and 535 '
some flounce ana v^ o te-=__^=_____-. _. s^___ _f?_o_f#_f«^l_o_f_ra iv_f_ff_f_fl_. Han isome line of Beaded and Span-led "
k c-emiie dotted /^^a 2*/T£^7ML^#Tiii E9GUrOU"' *>**'*& Net in. both black and wni?(_:per V
k border, these in Y?^ 1 '' -^^V^*^ ' yard • 53 to 55.50.'
k black only. each t/~ «^T * •" • / ■. r— ~.v- ll | *p£+sa M x9 * !_~ *""*'*'*
1 :Plain"and"do^ S^fe^^ """" These Handsome Solid Oak $32.50 Autumn in f^very lattst ;
J Tuxedo ings, jij&£*£*x*ffl ks^rz- .S_,;Mn"L Bedroom Suits, 7 pieces, ornately Neckwear. New York styles .
m ail the latest /^g^f^.M W^^hW^ I J^______l*L ' carved and highly polished, dresser hay,. just arrived. 
■» meshes.per yard 'fKy??; • V -Vl<^^^\^=WlX ' H j,no „ 9 _,■_/_ ;««!, VoLl^ r,l«-__, rrlaaa One lot of N. ck Fcarfs is made of a fine 1
k 25cand50o iJJ^S^OT ,^"^^V^^^_^ J has a 24x30-inch beveled plate glass quality of silk chiffon with lace trimmed '
•* New Pattern Vei's, £>^ f'^i^' ** (^ "V A_Z_ __-_______{_!____^ ' mirror and one-half swell tront; a tnds, some of them pleated chiffon '
J in black, w, ite ',! I*^7-*^_K^^^ -^=_^-^^ T^^^^fp '%*■' remarkable bargain at the special with juby trimmed ends— they are 2 J
' "d. whJte and W\r tZ^2AV^^^^~^' price for this Week 0n1y... 523. 75 yards long, and prices range from. ..„ J
_ black, at / v ]'' ' " ,W^K__H ■*-;■■■--, $1,25 to $1.75 .
» 35c, 753 and 85c \ ** jy-^^^i-_J--3*^i — _ —■ ' — -^^^^ Net Nick Scarfs, trimmed with Chenille, ' «
! NeW LaGe Received last week iTMSo^SkTaita 7"_£»#i_f*» S^^^^^^^__E*****"*"""^^^ Renaissance _^S:*ii**r^^*S *.
! V»T_,«._f^?lr-r leases °*? Lace MJitssng § Z3gMB& U W|? M Braid and ,/?;-•;.- - $>*\
, UUrtatnSm Curtains • new- ___.__! SSifH ___ Oil »_ Oriental Lace -^•feSw^^l
, ait desgns, Tricote edge— the best -§?-_>_' **J€# « >|jf .^ft © «__*- [Iffl —at from -fsw^^^^^^S '
i v,lues we have ever shown: Cs, This Massive Dining Table, large enough for a*^| 5> ST^ ??S«-Jm'WE^SHp -_
. 3 yards ly 30 inches, per pnr 50c 12 people, solid oak, heavy legs m2asaring 18 8—- &* **££_ teSS^S^S, 5
3 yards by 36 inches, per pair. incnPeg ?n circumference and hindsomely fluted, m -- s«.ach* %t^^t^^ S
, - •••■;- ■"•:•••• 59c ani 75c all Btoutly braced and bo ted, on special sale at $9.50 L -J;rt- °J; 1
8-Vj- yards hv 40 inch*=s, per pair.. 1.00 * **M* " lined btock *■* -^*~-v ,
I 3S yards by 54 inches, per par. $1.50 G-3tT*S3ot Of fO_f*#f*l-__F» Coliars— pleated chiiToa and D.wev *
| 3Sr yards by 54 inches, per pair..£/.50 M^^ff9SSf>f S3 ttG ß*i iti 'SS 'a Collars— pleated chiifoa and Dewey i
, 3'-s yards by 60 inches, per pair.. $2. •*a-_r»_*_. jwve *•_*»■■ •*-' »y . trimming— in full line of new Fall *-
, ————— " Goo 1 grade of Tapestry, bright, cheerful patterns, also in hall and stair coLonngs — each 650 *"
; Tab 'ec-m t.w. Damask, very j "^^^^^l^ Hosiery-Underwear. ;
* DamaSlfm make fully GO in<*h__« widths, borders to m-tch, r gulanv 85c per yard, special at - 68C Boys' and fins' extra heavy four- taread ,
wide, in good styles Der vard !______ ' Axminster Carpets— The best variety and the most novelties in Cotton Hose— elastic— will stand ,
' H . "'TW I pattens that the big store i. as ever shown at the lowest prices ever qurted for the roughest wear— guaranteed fast «<
rftish B cache- Turkish Tow- I Axminsters— per yard for three days ...„.*-..... .$l,OO black— sizes 6to 10— per pair... 250 **
[ — - els, with a liberal loop Carpet Remnants— Bring your measurements with you, as we may Ladies' Imported Maco Cotton Hose— 4o- **.
\ I OWe IS m nap, on a closely woven have a length large enough for your room. There are borders to match several gauge, Her msdorf blacK, high-spliced ***
fabric, a good absorbent — 50 d z*ns of the patterns. heels and toes, solid black, Maco foot '•
ony — size 22x47 inches— each... 20c Remnants of Tapestry Brussels, per yard this week 35c or Maco sole an extra good value—
" Hemp Carpets iOd Dutch), one-yard remnants, reversible and per pair...... ..250 !
#/ojr_/fl_r*y fl_9^ff9Hfc ' durable :5£G Laiies' Vests and Pants— extra heavy -
X «_? "^ Remnants Wilton vets, also remnants Stair Runners, per yard SOo Egyptian-fleeced lined— covered seams -4
fOr nOUSelfeenerSm Remnants Body Brussels, a fair assortment of patterns, par yard 75C — in every way well made and well fin- *\
Wool-Fillin-* Art Squares at special prices, good heavy rugs : ished — either cream or natural co'or— **
Wood Lemon Squeezers 8c Sizes 9x7S feet $3.80 Sizes 9xlo^' feet $5.25 per garment 250 i
Alaska Stove Lifters, loop handle.. .I(>c Siz-s 9x9 feet $4.5 S zes 9*12 feet $6 00 Ladies' unshrinkable Wool Vests and **■
Japanned Coal Shove's So — — . __ Pants— Jersey ribbed, vests high neck 2
j. __; D.*ver Egg \R/hstG An excellent quality of SpjeCISM Sale and long sleeves, pants full length 3
((m*&H----^EE~\ Beater**, /»_»_-»»-&.-»#-» Wnite Blankets, rSt^h o_»* with French yoke bands— call es- }
ll ir^f^tr^^---— ■:~s genuine.. __»_*_« _?•-»» sza <2xiB inches, HSU deiif /. pecial attention to the excellent colors --
\J/ \§U^*o 'i^^r qc for large bads, very little cotton in the. _ _._,._,i.m,v. —pink, sky blue, cardinal and black— •*(
*-"J^- Nickel- warp, pretty colored borders— Overstocked On Decorated China per garment $1,15 **.
Plated Corkscrews 50 , quantity on hand is Id, per pair. .„ pish and Game Sets. To close _ * ~ . _ <
Enime.ed 53. 00 , , Grocery Succials 1
Handle fcg^_:*^-g*^___t^^^ •S3-°°them out these very low prices ~7 !~Vr Specials J
: ?JW! " ' OW Government for this week only. Each set is ror Three Days, j
; tr.l"!r7o Whisky, 92c. decorated in appropriate design-* Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. ■*
<S=D^--^lS*fe lon- . Monday— Tuesday— Wednesday. in colors and gold. Sugar — For the three ■*.
££ £ For the three days days we offer fine, dry J
(^^^M E '^ Knive; S «nly.w? offer this Granulated Sugar <
, ■. and M finest of whiskies— *•*/& #___» x____ m _hmi __
Forks, each..... 5? I regularly $1.25 bot- *#^f^^fe®^-^^^l IBS TOr. ** J * .&I.UU J
"Out of Sight" Mou-e trap 5o LiA tie for 92c T. *" ■^Tj_ll'^^^*^'**™,ri-_*-l!*,r //v **■**■ °° to a customer.
Cake Turners, oak hand. So itoi^k. Th* C\lW '--. rr- '~~-\^*^^<C^^i?)^t^ Tomatoes— Haywards pack, gallon -J
U. S. Metal Polish, half pint #5 y«m 7, .. u^ir,n' ygra^v jr^_>_V» cans— per dozen, $2.40— each....200 *.
Black Satin Stove Polish 25c ffr^ **;Ji?«/ iVlilskv tsdts- I-T"^^s Not more than 12 cans to one *
Medium-Size Tin Pail 2Qo HJfcSJjV ulled alter a celebrated *-**C 3 "^tr-^ terson
ESffiSft=i_Z_=Z3S JSgj £^S_SS $12.00 __•*_ __ for... *7.50 Weed's Far/na-for th.th--, J
S-a. .G.°.p.h.-...M.d. A°inal Trap^«, 53g *S tv ££% *m _•_•*• _*. for... *----.f2 la-SS-SS^--si*-.-; J
Strong Waoh Boards-. /5o _!""-"' m bond and bottled fl/i^2l'so fonrteen-piece sets for. 13.50 -.s, regularly 25c tm-for 20<f 1
Kitchen Towel Rollers #«C b___EEsi^ _«*_• di^tillfrv— and is I $24*00 fifteen-piece sets for. M. 15.00 Table Ra> Sins— 2*-lb cartons—
Enamel-Handle Vegetable Graters. aill,rnnt„d iLnluMv Imre ! $26 00 fifteen-piece sets f0r.... 15.00 **{ * rA«DV,UPP^- l:3St3'keacn'2Op ■*
Wood-Handle M.nciDc* Knives- 5-* guaranteed aOSOlllteiV pure. |,nnnA.. v. . -_»_-« Olive OH— Ohvina brand, Call- «
Heavy Japanned Cor? S' Fry a Aott/O of Old Gov- $29 00 fifteen-piece sets f0r.... 18.50 10rnia's best-regularly $1.00 a battle, *■«
Ho' 25c /^ ernment, j$ 4.50 fourteen-piece sets for. 19.00 for 55c "I
Ziz Ceme*nVZ.lso , J -^K^ggj^!^ S^ MM $?&&%. Hfl_a SS _^1 fl BL ii Be©/ Exlrac.-the Rex bran.. 4- J
Hardwool P o t■■ t » sz__>^ / JSF^ l^ilfii^BKil_f I i ll l&ffl r,z j ars— regularly Coe each, f0r.550 J
Mash-r 5C — "**« IL Ifi H Hm Hl^ « Ili ■__$__-■■ Pineapple — Johnsons slice lor J
"Russell's"' Guaran- \^ **-— ' **; W< *£■ WL *** * _J| IRJ llwK^ grate i, 1-lb tins— regularly 13c each. 4
teed 6 Xi t c°hTn V? •*'^7 &'rv SSP*^ ■__■ -_3b_n€_l ■_» * ' @fe Washing Powders— Peari Dust, 4
KnifA 200 V"" *:-r'/ WkW^ST* «j« : *_r_a ■____.._» —^ V ___« Washing Powders— Pe3rl Dcst, 4
Ladies' Pride Tack -Sr_=__i^ ™ IgQl-al-CIl IC-Ug IMI -E3 »--■% "^ Lavarine, Babbitt's 76 and Pearliae- *%
Ga^dTHose/'^h, per foot ©a California's Largest— .America Grandest Store. I i^?ss!s^teJ^|!L3& J
! tives. Out of revenge on Baron yon
1 der Horst, the Conservative Diet resolv
! Ed not to pass any bills of which he
j was the author or advocate. This reg
! ular boycott has thus far been carried
I out. It intensely amuses the Vor
| waerts, which first recorded the fact
! that the election reform bill had been
j shelved for the same reason. The pres
ent session of the Diet will soon close,
probably by the end of next week, after
the most pressing business has been
disposed of. The language of the Con-
servative and Agrarian papers is even
more extraordinary. The Deutsche
Agrar Correspondence, one of the main
organs of the Agrarians, proclaimed
that it was high time the Emperor
learned that he was "no longer at the
end of the nineteenth century, an abso
lute ruler over vassals, but the leader
of a free nation." The paper admitted
the defeat of the canal bill. ■ •;
The Kreua Zeitung, the old time or-
gan of the Prussian Conservatives,
threatened that if the Government
meant a change of attitude toward the
Conservatives, the latter would revise
their attitude toward the Government,
not only in the Diet but also in.the
Reichstag. The Kreuz Zeitung also
roundly abused Prince Hohenlohe, say
ing he was no friend of the Conserva
tives and Agrarians,' and terming, his
remarks in the Diet "as most outrage-
ous words."
The Deutsche Tages Zeitung and all
the other leading Conservative and
Agrarian organs have had daily defiant
THE EMPORIUM.
articles in which it was claimed the
monarchy would be lost if it attempted
to govern without the Conservative
party or against it.
The crisis, however, is now regarded
as ended. The canal bill will probably
be again Introduced at the next session
of the Diet.
The commercial relations existing be
tween Germany and the United States
continue to be discussed. The influen- j
tial Conservative Schlesische Zeitung
strongly advocates retaliatory meas
ures against the United States for "its
system of injuring German trade,"
claiming that soft words never, accom
plished anything. .„;•>■ ,
The correspondent of the Associated
Press learns on good authority that
Germany and Spain have been for some
time negotiating for the sale of Spain's *
remaining colonies in Africa, particu
larly the island of Fernando Po, which,
as it is close to the Cameroons, would
be of considerable importance to Ger
many, and the Elobey, Ifnt and Corisco
islands. ' ,
The Dreyfus case holds Germany s
attention to some extent. The anar
chist revolt and the murder of French
officers in Africa are pointed to as
proofs of the increasing national disin
tegration of France. Emperor William
said Monday, while conversing with
Generals Porthes and Garstein during
the parade at Mayence, "Revolution is
in full swing in Paris." The comment
of the press of every stripe of political
j faith on the matter is about the same,
THE EMPOBIXniI.
many expressing doubt whether France
can recover.
The Kreuz Zeitung asks: * """"Vho will
be the savior to rescue France from
perdition?" adding, "But, of course, the
disintegrating influence of Judaism has
already penetrated too far."
************ *********************
f LAME BACK FOR 32 YEARS I
fLAME BACK FOR 32 YEARS 1
§ CUBED by DB. PIERCES BELT j
.TOPHIR.* Col., July 16. 1899. -«
Pierce Electric Co.. San Francisco—
Tour Electric Belt cured me of a lame back »-
I of 32 years' standing. I got your Belt 3 years J
*/ ago and used it a short time and from that "J
JT time on have had no trouble of that kind, J
a/ Tours very truly. CERIACO ESTRADA, "*
£*"' MR. RICHARD HOLMES of Santa Monica, +
\ Cal., In writing us on June 16. '«• says: "Dr. -*
• Pierce,^ your Belt proves to be A GRAND SLC- +
We have hundreds of letters like the above *JJ"
new on file and others arriving all the time. "J
If you want a Belt that will CURE, try "DR. **
PIERCES" and you will not be disappointed. *r
C7- Booklet No. 2 tells all about It. Call at . -Jl
office or send 2c In stamps. Address -£
J PIERCE ELECTRIC COMPANY, |
J 620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel. San Francisco. Cal.* *
J 620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel. San Francisco. Cal.* *
****************************-*f* + +**+^+**-*f+--f-T-*
a*******************************************
TH__ EMPOBITJItI.
The Tageblatt expresses doubt as to
whether the Paris Exposition of 1900
will really be held. It claims that a
majority of the Germans who had In
tended going will now stay at home, as
they are not certain that life and prop
erty would be safe in France.
56
SUNDAY ....AUGUST 27, 1899 I
JOHN D SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. •
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St»., S. F
Telephone Main 186*.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Mftln 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 0 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
(UII.T CALL (Including Bilnday Cull), one year fO.OO
PAILT CALL (including; Sunday Call). 6 months ."LOO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 1 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— l!y Single Month «»-b
"SUNDAY CALL One Tear 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Tear 1.00
All postmasters nre authorized to receiv- subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway,
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
5
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald Squaro
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
PERRY LUKENS «IR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. 0. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
f*rt-i-_o__ House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaao, Sl Union Equal*;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
d. L- ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes street, open until
9*30 o'clock- -539 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larlcln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open uQtll 9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock;.
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "A Bachelor's Honeymoon."
Columbia— "A Southern Gentleman."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tlvol.— -'Cavallerla Rustlcana" and * llaccl."
Alcazar "Romeo and Juliet."
Grand Opera-house "Clover."
Chutes, Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
tnd evening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Kills streets— Specialties.
Battle of Manila— Market street, near Eighth.
i-'mrxi Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Recreation Park— Baseball to-day.
Union Coursing Park— Coursing To-day,
Glen Park — Grand performance to-day.
Golden Gate Agricultural District No. I— Races to-morrow.
Alhambra Theater — Benefit to John W. Slade, Saturday
erenlng, September 2.
California State Fair. Sacramento— September i to 16.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. I_ot__err*ack — Wednesday, August 30. at 2:30
o'clock, Persian and Turkish Rusts, at 117 Sutter street.
THE COLUMBIA AND THE SHAMROCK
YACHTING experts in New York are by no
means sanguine that in the contest between the
Columbia and the Shamrock we are to have
anything extraordinary in the way of a record
breaking race. It is pointed out that in the trials be
tween them tlie Columbia has not shown herself
much superior to the Defender, while the fact that the
Britannia was beaten by the Meteor almost as badly
as by the Shamrock inclines to the belief that the new
challenger is by mo means such a notable improvement
on former British models of racing yachts as has been
reported.
Since the Shamrock has been studied in New York
the trust of Americans in the success of the Columbia
has been increased. A considerable number of yachts
men have declared they do not regard her as a dan
gerous rival, and express unshaken confidence in the
ability of the home yacht to retain the famous cup on
tin*, side of the water; but there are some authori
ties who hold that Sir Thomas Lipton has a chance to
win under certain conditions of wind and sea, inas
much as his boat will have considerable advantage in
heavy weather.
In an elaborate comparison of the two yachts a
writer for the New York Tribune says: "The Sham
rock has more freeboard, sits higher out of the water
than the Columbia, and does not look any better for
it. She is also more bulky in the build between the
midship section and the stern. Consequently she is
not as trim-looking a model as the American boat.
Whether this is a gain or a fault only trial will tell.
For a long time yachts have been pared away aft to
let them leave the water cleanly when they lie down
to their rail. But the latest high speed racers of Bos
ton have been carrying their beam far aft, and the
width of some of them at the stern is surprising. In
ether words, they prefer to have something to lie
down on rather than to study how to keep their lines
fine and leave the water cleanly. While, therefore,
it i- certain that the Columbia is much prettier in this
region, it by no means follows that her superior grace
means greater speed. There is a good deal of the
'brute' about the Shamrock. Unquestionably she can
carry canvas longer, and more of it. than the Co
lumbia if the ballast power of both boats is about the
same. The Shamrock will be dragging some water
when she is hard pressed over, but she will be lying
down on a good support that will be a powerful aid
to 'carrying on."
It i*- pointed out by the writer that superiority in
' "brute" power does not always win. The Valkyrie
had much more of it that the Defender, but in the
contests between the two it was never once called into
play, for there was never wind enough to enable the
Valkyrie to make use of her huge beam, and the
slim Defender, with more than two feet less of beam,
slipped away from her in every race.
From the judgments pronounced by the experts it
appears the two yachts are not unequally matched, and
that the issue of the contest will be determined partly
by the condition of the weather and partly by the
skill of the men who handle them. The story that
the Shamrock was badly strained while being towed
in her voyage across "the Atlantic is not generally
credited. The races are to be sailed under conditions
of perfect fairness, and the case seems to be one in
which the best sailors rather than the best yacht will
win. ■
*~^^*^*^^*^*~*^m
The Filipinos seem to be overstocked with guns.
The I ee:n to be overstocked with guns.
General Otis has become a purchasing agent and is
offering $30 apiece for insurgent rifles. The rebels
don't appear to need the money.
_»
Withers, the convicted Baden murderer, is striving
Wirlters, the convicted Baden murderer, is striving
tc create the impression that he is insane. He has
already established the fact that he is dangerous
enough to be dead.
. » ■
limine/, the Dominican rebel and Presidential
pretender, says he needs money. His complaint
seems to be a common one.
England has shipped a number of her largest can-
non to South Africa. What can Oom Paul's Boers
do against such big bores?
SEARCHING FOR SIGNIFICANCE.
THE long and highly sustained scries of events
planned to express the unanimous welcome
home of the First California Volunteers has
| gained all of its significance from* their personality
and their return to their homes and the pursuits of
'. peace. Some individual politicians may have used
1 the occasion to put themselves in the focus of public
attention, but as this is the politician's way, and noth-
ing can restrain him from using everything, from a
funeral to a fete, for that purpose, there is nothing un
usual in it. The people have paid for the welcome
and have turned out in hundreds of thousands to ex
press their respect for our fellow-citizens who have
been under arms and under fire, in obedience to
orders, in a hazardous war for which they volun
teered. No sensible person has considered it to mean
anything else. The cheers and tears and shouting
have been by those of all shades of opinion on
the issue of expansion, and of all sorts of political
belief. Silver and Gold Democrats, Republicans and
Populists, all put up their sound money that the city
might be garnished and in gay dress for the pleasure
of the soldier boys.
It has remained for the Evening Post to entirely
disconnect the great occasion from the presence and
the personality of the returned volunteers. It insists
that it is a unanimous expression in favor of incor
porating the Philippines into the United States, and
a demand that Dan Burns be elected Senator in order
to effect such incorporation!
This theory is important. No one else has devel
oped the relation of Burns to the holding of the
Philippines or the holding of anything else, except the
public nose. We had no idea that the case had be
come so bad that the Post sees in every group of con-
sulting citizens and in every* crowd of thousands a de-
mand for Burns. We have no doubt that that ambi
tious person has assumed that it is his campaign.
The welcoming fleet of ships and craft on the bay
were to him the enlistment of Neptune in his fight.
The thousands of electric globes that string the streets
are merely to light his march up the shining way to
the Senate. When the band played "Hail to the
Chief" he saluted himself and knew who wore the
said chief's clothes. The procession, from Shafter to
the last man and horse, was merely . his dopple-
ganger, and when the crowd roared its cheers and
the ladies turned every window into a casemate from
which to throw kisses, the luscious and light artillery
of osculation was all in action for his benefit.
The Post is quite positive in all this. It thinks that
not only the land and the people thereof crave for
Burns to take his scat in the Senate next December,
but the Pacific Ocean joins in the demand. It says
that wide sheet of water has prepared itself for "the
theater of the grandest national drama yet enacted on
the stage of human history," and the play will not go
on unless Burns is elected. If he is not, that ocean
will immediately cease to be a theater and will shrivel
to the petty purposes of a fishpond.
The Post should add that if Burns is not imme
diately commissioned Senator the sun will turn back
at Verdi and cease to beam on California at all. The
big trees will become saplings, the fig trees will bear
thistles, and disgusted nature will shrug her mighty
shoulder and shake the State back to eocene chaos
and black night.
In ail humility The Call ventures to assert that not
the one hundredth of one per cent of the people who
welcomed home our soldier boys had a thought of
the vacancy in the Senate, or of its perpetuation by
the election of Burns. Tiny were not even approv
ing or disapproving of the Philippine war. Its popu
larity or unpopularity did not figure in the event.
The whole occasion was a big-hearted, whole-fisted
welcome to men who had individually and as an or-
ganization shed great glory and imperishable honor
upon their State, and written a shining chapter in its
deathless history. It meant that and nothing else.
and that was enough. It is an insult to the soldiers
themselves and to the people who hailed them home
again so genuinely and heartily to put upon it any
other construction, and especially to reduce all this
hearty roar of good feeling into a shout for Dan
Burns.
There are scores of men in the First who marched
for miles between walls of warm hearts beating time
to their soldierly tread who are better fitted for the
Senate than the Post's candidate. Any one of these
scores can put off his weather-beaten uniform for the
Senatorial toga and wear it worthier than Burns.
But to the eye of the Post these young veterans had
no other place in all the pageantry but to act as sand
wich men bearing a sign inscribed, "Burns for Sen
ator."
Travel in Thibet has been usually regarded as
about the most dangerous on the globe, owing to the
fierce hostility of the natives to foreigners, but two
Englishmen who have just made a tour through the
country report that the Thibetans, while poor, have
a much higher moral standard than their wealthier
neighbors of the adjoining districts of Asia, that
travel is safe and robbery is unknown. It appears,
therefore, that by excluding foreigners the Thibet
folks have remained in poverty but preserved their
morals, and it remains for further investigators to
determine whether the morals are worth the loss of
the money!
THE STABILITY OF FRANCE.
SO many and so sensational are the disturbances
and- excitement that emanate from Paris, a con-
siderable portion of the world has come to the
conclusion that everything in France is in a condi
j tion of instable equilibrium and that a revolution
may occur at any time. Such opinions are not shared
by intelligent men who have closely studied the coun
try and the people. According to their testimony the
French, despite the strength of the military caste, are
' essentially a democratic people, and their institutions
' are about as stable as those of any in Europe.
The popular control of government in France is
by no means so slight or so uncertain as would ap
■ pear from the frequency with which Ministries are
changed in response to clamors on the Parisian boule
i yards. James B. Eustis, who was Minister to France
under Cleveland's administration, has in a recent ar
! ticle in the Conservative Review expressed a high
'.. opinion of the attachment of the people generally to
democratic ideas and of their power in directing legis
i lation along democratic lines. He says: "All the
; laws enacted by the French Assembly are in the in
terest of the masses of the people, and not in the in-
terest of any one class. In the contest between the
power of money and the rights of the people the
brutal influence of wealth is unknown in the politics
of France. * * * No class interests can claim to
exercise any influence over any department of the
j Government of the French republic. As the revolu
tionists of 1793 destroyed the aristocracy which sprung
fiom the nobility of birth, the French. republicans of
to-day will not permit the wealth of a class to con
; tiol the economic policy of their Government, but
'. rather the contrary, for it is the common — the work
'■■ ing—people who receive its protection and its favors.
| The spirit of true democracy is so intense in the
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 27, 1899.
French people that they have no reason to apprehend
that their republic will be undermined by the- cor
rupting wealth of a political aristocracy."
.Nor is it against the money power only that French
democracy is holding its own.' The fact that public
opinion has forced the military chiefs to concede a
new and an open trial to Dreyfus is an evidence of
ilie ability of the people to guard against the army as
mVi as against the aristocracy of wealth whenever the
need arises. Excitements, disturbances and not in
frequent riots are the natural accompaniments of free
governments. There could be no Dreyfus affair in
any ether country of Continental Europe, but the
reason is not that other countries are more stable or
more just than France, but solely because public
opinion, having there no freedom to prompt to ac
tion, can produce neither bad nor good results.
The dispatches announce that a triple execution of
murderers at Dawson passed off without special in
cident. It is reasonable to suppose that the mur
derers had a different view of the event.
— .
Eastern people will please take notice that San
Eastern people will please take notice that San
Francisco has had an August festival with crowded
streets for nearly a full week and not a complaint has
been heard about the weather.
JUGGLING WITH STATISTICS.
DURING his term of office as Chief of the
Bureau of Statistics of the Treasury Depart-
ment Joseph Nimmo Jr. was instructed to in-
vestigate the commercial aspects of the proposed
canal connecting the Atlantic with the Pacific and
compute the amount of tonnage likely to pass through
such a waterway. His report was highly encouraging
to the advocates of the enterprise and did much to
bring about popular approval of it. Since leaving
the office Mr. Nimmo's services have been at the dis
posal of the opponents of the canal, and he has now
a very different set of figures to show as the result of
his computations.
In the pamphlet recently issued and widely circu
lated he attempts an explanation of the discrepancy
between what he said then and what he says now.
Referring to the computations made while Chief of
the Bureau of Statistics he says:
"The work was one of considerable magnitude. It
was begun in the month of February and completed
in the month of August, 1880. I reported a possible
tonnage of 1,625,000 tons per annum for any one of
the proposed canals. Since the year 1880 seven trans-
continental lines and parts of lines have been com-
pleted, the facilities for transportation by rail have
been greatly increased, there has been an enormous
development of transcontinental traffic, and, as al-
ready shown, rates have greatly fallen. In a word,
the general trend of the evolution of transportation
facilities during the last twenty years has been in
the direction of reducing the possible tonnage of any
American interoceanic canal. From a computation
based upon all the controlling. conditions of the pres
ent day I conclude that not more than 400,000 tons of
shipping annually can be confidently expected to pass
through any such canal. The receipts of any Ameri-
can interoceanic canal from tolls would therefore be
insufficient to meet the expenses of its maintenance
and administration, with nothing for interest on cost
of construction, amounting probably to $8,000,000 a
year."
The passage is interesting as an illustration of the
ease with which clever statisticians can make their
I computations suit their desires and serve as argu
j ments for the object they wish to attain. In 1880, ac-
cording to Mr. Nimmo, the tonnage likely to pass
through either one of the canals would have been over
1,600,000 tons per annum, but now, after nearly
twenty years of increase in commerce, the tonnage
would not exceed 400,000. The logic of the argument
is that as commerce increases the demand for a canal
decreases, and the explanation of the paradox is that
railroads are now doing the work that would have
been taken by the canal in former years.
It requires no great cleverness nor any considerable
! knowledge of the statistics of commerce to refute so
plain a fallacy. The construction of additional trans-
continental railroads has not led to a decrease in the
traffic of the old ones, but has created an additional
traffic. Neither has the increase in railroads been fol-
lowed by a decrease of tonnage afloat, but has been
accompanied by an increase of such tonnage. In-
creased facilities for commerce are always followed
by an increase of commerce itself.
Under the most favorable conditions it will require
at least ten years to complete a canal across either of
the suggested intero'cean routes, and Mr. Nimmo will
be a very clever statistician indeed if by any compu
'. tation he can convince the American people the ton-
nage passing through the canal at that time will be
less than it would have been twenty years ago.
-^
A tragic life worse than death might have been the
A tragic life worse than death might have been the
! fate of the unfortunate Redwood City woman who
was murdered because she rejected a social outcast.
When we have finished shouting for the volun
teers we might add three cheers for the executive
! committee.
COPYRIGHT IN SPEECHES.
SOMETHING of a novel principle in copyright
law has recently been established by the High
Court of Justice in Great Britain in a case to
which the London Times and Lord Rosebery were
parties. It appears that in preparing a volume of his
"Speeches and Appreciations" Rosebery* included five
speeches taken almost verbatim from the reports in
the Times, and the newspaper at once brought suit
to restrain the publication on the ground that its re
ports of the speeches were copyrighted and the pub
lication would be an infringement of its rights.
The court decided for the newspaper and granted an
injunction .against the publisher. As the decision
means that one man may copyright the speeches of
another and thus prevent the speaker from republish
ing the reports, it has naturally given rise to a good
deal of discussion. The ground upon which the de
cision was based is that there is no such thing as
copyright of ideas; it is all a matter of literary form.
The reporter gave the speeches the written form, and
hence he is entitled to the exclusive control of that
form. Lord Rosebery gave his words and thoughts to
the public at large. If he had written them out in the
beginning and had copyrighted them before speaking
them he could have retained possession. Failing to
do this, the reporter was entitled to become the ex
clusive owner of his version of the speech.
Under this decision it appears that if an orator in
Great Britain desires to retain any property in his
speeches he must take out a lecturer's copyright,
otherwise his ideas will belong to the reporter who
first translates them from spoken to written language
and copyrights them. The decision is good law and
is unquestionably just, but at the same time its novelty
renders it rather startling. The doctrine that an
orator has no rights to his own ideas until he has
copyrighted them will have a tendency to increase
the revenues of the copyright office by a considerable
percentage. >g
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McN^UGHT.
We have had a joyous, proud and
brilliant week. Our victorious volun
teers have returned to find the city In
festal array for their welcome; and
from the moment when The Call first
announced to the public the arrival of
the Sherman off the Golden Gate down
to the closing glories of last night,
everybody in town has had a "halcyon
and vociferous time." Visitors from the
interior who witnessed the celebration
and shared in its raptures will be con
spicuous among their fellow citizens
when they return home by the size of
their heads and their demand for hats
a little larger than they really ought
to wear. Among our own citizens there
will be, of course, no such distinction
of persons, for the heads and the hearts
of all have expanded in unison. We are
all somewhat bigger, brighter and bet
ter than ever before because we know
we have done the right thing in the
right way at the right time and have
sufficient self-appreciation to be proud
of it. Moreover, the end is not yet, for
it is safe to say most folks will no
sooner get out of bed on this day of
rest than they will proceed to have a
frolic for the rest of the day.
* • *
There have been in other cities many
greater and more brilliant pageants
than those which during the week have
been displayed on our bay and along
our streets, but there never has been
one in the world where so large a pro
portion of the whole people took part,
or where the popular ardor and en
thusiasm were greater. As a popular
demonstration of honor to brave men
the reception accorded to California's
heroes has never been surpassed.
The significance of the demonstra
tion will not escape the mind of
any thoughtful person. The American
people are not warlike In the ordinary
meaning of the word. They are not
inordinately fond of military glory, nor
have they any aspirations for battles
and conquests. Nevertheless, when a
Just cause for war arises the republic
never lacks for volunteers to take up
arms and follow the flag wherever
duty calls. Thousands of those who
thronged the streets to cheer the vol
unteers would as readily have enlisted
to follow them across the sea had the
nation needed them In continuance of
a war for liberty, for Justice and foi*
humanity. The reception given to the
volunteers who in the Philippines
have attested their devotion to the re
public and their willingness to give life
itself for their country was therefore
one of fullest sympathy, and the re
sounding acclamations were expressions
of the deepest and truest as well as
the most joyous and jubilant of emo
tions.
• • *
Whoever saw Market street in the
glow of its illuminations must have felt
like taking off his hat to the memory
of the pioneers who planned for the
city in Its early days that magnificent
thoroughfare. It seemed to have been
ordained prophetically for this partic
ular occasion, and with the innumer
able lights, many colored and various
as the rainbow, festooned above it and
walling it in, the great avenue was
more mystically and beautifully gor
geous than ever was the Sacred Way
that led to the temple of the Capitollne
Jove when adorned for the pomp and
splendor of imperial triumphs.
We have indeed, for once at any rate.
accomplished something artistic and
splendid in the way of street illumina
tion. There was no evidence any
where of lack of taste or lack of money.
From where the tapering tower of the
ferry depot rose like a shaft of light
against the darkness, to where the
dome of the illuminated City Hall
shone resplendent, the glittering lights
were everywhere as multitudinous as
the eye desired. The whole street /was,
in fact, like a setting for a grand opera
and formed a fitting stage for the ex
ultant drama of glorious life that was
enacted upon it.
• • •
Before the glow of delight in the
festival dies away and our thoughts
are made dry as dust by the municipal
campaign that impends above us.
something in the way of public thank.-.
and testimonial should be given to the
members of the executive committee
to whom we are all Indebted for the
success of the reception. When the
committee first announced Its plans
and asked for $50,000 to carry them out,
the proposition was regar led as an ex
travagance. Many persons declared
the sum could not be raised, and for
a time the committee had but a half
hearted support even from the most
generous. The plans, however, were
well devised. Anything less magnifi
cent would have aroused less ardor.
The longer the people meditated upon
the subject the more were they pleased
with the brilliancy of the undertaking.
In the end, as is now well known, the
whole people responded to the commit
tee's leadership, and we have had a
celebration that will have a national
reputation. Therefore while we are
cheering it is but right there should be
three times three and a tiger for the
executive committee. .
• • •
Next to the patriotism displayed in
the warmth of the reception given to
the volunteers the most notable feature
of the festival was the delight of the
people in the beauty of the decorations
and in the freedom of the holiday. We
are clearly an artistic, glad-hearted,
pleasure loving community. The crowds
that thronged the streets night after
night were happy and were gay in the
exuberance of their joy in a frolic. We
are not of that class of Americans who
"take their pleasures sadly" and who
can never be merry except when
drunk. The geniality of the climate,
the prevalence of prosperity and the
Influence of the Latin elements of the
population have developed the joyous
faculties of our natures, and that for
mal dullness which marks the holiday
crowds of the East is conspicuous here
by Its total, thorough and very far off
absence. It is evident that if a com
pany of whole-souled men with'well
filled purses should undertake to . pro
vide the city with an annual festival
week New Orleans would soon lose her
prestige as the Carnival City of the
United States. Indeed, it is not un
likely we might make our gala days
as world renowned as were those of
Venice In the years of her glory.
• • '.: _ • .V.
We are. a gay people and a dandy
people and a people of large toleration,
but' neither so gay. so dandy nor so
tolerant as some Eastern ftlks think
us, or pretend to think us. The Boston
Herald has a correspondent who has
Just been visiting our metropolis and
who describes it as "a wide-open town,"
an "isolated town" far remote from civ
ilization, where all sorts of folks do
all sorts of things. Then he says:
"This sense of isolation is greatly en
joyed by the Eastern tourist and as
much by the ladies as by the men. A
very fashionable woman indeed— when
at home on the Atlantic seaboard
confesses that the other evening at
high midnight she sat in a lace*.
screened box in a "hall," and there wit
nessed the exposition' of Little Egypt.
" Tt was so like Paris.' declared the
truant lady. 'But, poor thing! poor
little Egypt— must have had the
stomach ache! You see, when I am in
Rome I do as Romeo does!' "
All of which goes to show that when
Boston respectability. is In San Fran
cisco, Boston respectability has a good
time— and who can blame it? It is not
fair, however, for the frolicsome dames
to pretend that in all their frolics they
are but living according to» our views ;
of life. It is of course proper "when
in Rome to do as Romeo does," but it
appears the Boston Juliet sometimes
overdoes it and makes Rome howl.
* * •
Having quoted that story from the
Boston Herald man it is only fair to j
him to add that on the whole makes j
a good report of us to our well-beloved '
Eastern kin. Thus he says that what
most Impresses the stranger'ln San
Francisco Is the tendency of the people
toward independent judgment In all !
matters, social, literary or artistic; and j
he adds:
There is a disinclination to accept es- j
tablished verdicts and a desire to form i
an opinion based upon the facts In the
case. This is shown In the reception ac- !
corded to celebrities of all sorts, from i
those of the army and navy, the church I
and the state, to those of the stage or I
"the smart set." Some very great people,
indeed, in their own estimation, when in !
the East, are "small pumpkins" indeed \
out here, whereas merit is readily recog- j
nized, and an actress, for example, does I
not need to enjoy a New York or London
reputation to be in vogue in San Fran
cisco, and vice versa.
That statement Is pleasing and thor- |
oughly satisfactory. It will be read i
with general gratification and approval, |
not because it is in praise of us, but -
because it is true. We do not care for j
flattery, but we do like to have visitors \
speak well of us because such speaking j
shows they appreciate merit and can J
tell the truth. That Is always pleasing.
* * *
Many men and women of many
minds, and many with many a lack of
mind, have had their say on the sub
ject of the publication of the Browning
love letters, but it has been left to a
young English poet. Miss Elsie Hlg
ginbotham, to give the best expression
to the finest feelings on the subject,
which she has done in this dainty
triolet:
AN APOLOGY.
On Reading the Browning Love Letters.
Forgive, sweet lovers of this book,
The sad, who scan your story;
Forgive their wistful eyes that look-
Forgive, sweet lovers of this book,
Their knowledge where your fingers shook;
Their watching of your glory;
Forgive, sweet lovers of this book,
The sad, who scan your story.
Accept, true lovers here enshrined.
The few who share your gladness
In touch of heart, and soul and mind;
Accept, true lovers here enshrined,
Their seeing of themselves defined.
Their growth of joy from sadness —
Accept, true lovers here enshrined.
The few, who share your gladness.
Condone, great lovers— being dead.
The printing of these pages;
Nor shrink that we we too, have read,
Condone, great. lovers— being dead,
Our vision of the gold you shed—
For hearts in coming ages,
Condone, great lovers— dead,
The printing of these pages.
If that exquisite bit of verse do not
give to all lovers of fine literature a joy
sufficient to induce them to read it
more than once, and to thank me for
digging it for them out of the welter
of the verse of the day, then I don't
know enough about what is poetically
pleasing to be entitled to run a hay
rake.
• • •
Persons who wish a day of complete
mental as well as physical rest and
relaxation after the strenuous intel
lectual exertions of the week may let
their brains repose upon this conun
drum which is now going the rounds
in the East, having taken the place of
the kissing bug and filling it so full
the bug is not missed:
What's the difference between a man
o'-war going through the Suez canal,
under tow of a tugboat, and a boiler with
a capacity of 6000 tons of steam, loaded
to 7000 tons, with no safety valve, in
charge of an engineer who has a certifi
cate from Bellevue Hospital showing that
he is a good ambulance driver, but the
sole support of a widowed mother and
seven uncles, with no Income to speak of,
all of which is invested in Spanish fours!
bought on a margin of 2 per cent in a
Wall-street bucket-shop conducted by two
professional card sharps from Honolulu
under Indictment at San Francisco for
arson?
I submit the conundrum to the atten
tion of the worthy for two reasons
first, as an illustration of how very
silly in the East are.the amusements of
the silly season; second, because it is
asserted there Is an answer to the
conundrum, and as I do not know it I
give it vp — to the public.
* * *
From the frequency of the Iteration
and reiteration of the report that the
marriage of Lily Langtry to young De
Bathe was due to the match-making of
the Prince of Wales, a suspicion arises
that there Is a theatrical advertisement
in the story, and that we are to have
the bride among the dramatic stars of
the next season. Of course, if she come
she will be welcome, for she is likely
to be a better Lily and she cannot be a
worse actress than she was when we
received her before. It ls to be remem
bered that even in the old days she
showed her appreciation of the true
and the beautiful by purchasing a
ranch in California with the intention
of living in a state of decorum. Mar
riage, like charity, covers a multitude
of sins, and, besides, it counts for
something that Lily has taken a Bathe.
• • •
The court-martial now going on at
The court-martial now. going on at
Rennes may not solve all the mys
teries of the Dreyfus case, but one of
the episodes of it has come near to fur
nishing an answer to the old question,
"Who shall decide when doctors dis
agree?" When M. Labori was taken
home after being shot Dr. Reclus, a
member of the French Academy of
Medicine and a professor of surgery,
was called in to attend him. The treat
ment of Reclus was not approved by
Dr. Doyen, who is also a surgeon of
eminence, and between the two dig
nitaries there arose a dispute which has
been called "sensational." In such a
disagreement who should decide? La
bor! decided. He got up out of bed and
went about his business just as boldly
as if he had a legal right to interfere
in the case and settle it to his own ad
vantage. Moreover, as the doctors
when last heard from were still
wrangling, Labori may yet have the
satisfaction of getting a fat fee from
one of them for prosecuting the other.
The French are queer people.
CARRIER PIGEON KILLED.
The Bird Was Bringing a Mes-
sage to The Call.
Santa Rosa Press-Democrat.
Late yesterday afternoon Superintend
ent M. H. Damon of the sewer farm
picked up his shotgun and started out in
quest of birds. He had only proceeded a
short distance when he saw a fine pigeon
feeding not far away, and -killed it. V\ hen
he came to examine his game he found.
that he had killed a carrier pigeon. On
one leg was a thin metal band bearing
the number "A 1489." To the other a
mesage had been attached reading as fol
lows:  .
"4:35 p. m.— Farralones abeam, dist. one
"4:35 p. m.—Farralones abeam, dist. one
mile; very hazy; not a sail in sight. "suc
cess as commodore of the naval parade.
Houdlette." 'v*
Inquiry develops the fact that among the
steamers leaving San Francisco Wednes
day was the Spreckels steamship Austra
lia" bound for Honolulu. The officer in
charge is Captain Houdlette. Lnaer the
circumstances there is little reason to
doubt that the message was intended ror
John D. Spreckels, proprietor of the ban
Francisco Call, and was a special report
to the effect that up to the time stated
the Australia had seen nothing or tne
anxiously awaited transport Sherman,
having on board the volunteers returning
from the Philippines.
As stated in the message and as re
ported in the newspapers, the atmosphere
in the vicinity of the Farallones Wednes
day afternoon was very hazy. Later on a
fog rolled in. The little messenger doubt
less became lost in the fog and instead of
flvlng toward home headed north, a tact
that not only delayed the mesage but
resulted in the messenger meeting with a
sad and untimely death besides.
___ ■ ■» »
Why the Naval Parade Was a Success
» Oakland Tribune.
Speaking of the bay parade on Thurs
day an Oaklander familiar with such
things said: "Too much credit cannot be
given Commodore Spreckels for the suc
cess of the affair. I never saw so many
steam and sailing vessels in a bunch be
fore. There was no confusion, no hitches
and no accidents. Everybody in charge
of a vessel of any kind knew exactly his
place and he kept out of every other fel
low's place. The line was formed with
much discretion and the picture made
was magnificent. Commodore Spreckels.
In regulation uniform, from the deck of
the Fearless, directed things with two
small launches and proved himself a mas
ter of such work. Just think of ten thou
sand people on the bay with the innumer
able craft to carry them and not even a
hat fell overboard or a single vessel s
paint scratched. The line moved just
when everybody expected it would and no
one felt uneasy or alarmed in any way.
If everybody who has anything to do with
the sodiers' reception does as well or half
as well as John D. Spreckels the event
will be long remembered."
A Record for "Scoops."
The Fourth Estate.
The San Francisco Call is making a
great record for "scoops." A few weeks
ago The Call was the flrst newspaper
In the world to contain the news of the
battle of Samoa, and on July 30 it was
again the flrst to publish the report of the
Samnan Commissioners on the condition
of affairs In the islands and the steps that
have been taken to establish a stable gov
ernment. _. -i - ,
The report of the Samoan Commission
is one of the most important diplomatic
documents of the year, and ln obtaining a
copy and publishing it in advance The
Call achieved one of the greatest suc
cesses of journalism. The Commissioners
arrived a week later.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
R. Barker, an attorney of Vacaville, is
at the Lick.
William Sanders, a prominent merchant
of Fresno, is at the Palace with his wife.
Dr. J. M. Blodgett, one of the leading
physicians of Lodi, is a guest at the
Grand.
W. R. Spauiding, president of the
Truckee Lumber Company, is a guest at
the Lick.
G. W. Peltere, the Sacramento banker
and capitalist, is at the Grand, .accom
panied by his wife.
Mr. and Mrs. William P. Coleman have
come down from Sacramento and are reg
istered at the California.
Dr. Rose Kidd, the famous Red Cross
physician and nurse, who arrived on the
transport Sherman, is at the California.
H. J. Small of the Southern Paciflc Com-
pany is staying at the Palace. He will
remain until the conclusion of the cele
bration.
Julius Cain, one of the best known min
ing men of Newman, is registered at the
Grand, where he will remain for the next
few days.
Captain and Mrs. William Borrowe of
Sausalito are registered at the California,
where they are staying in order to misa
nothing of the general jubilation.
J. F. Daly, the Eureka capitalist, and T.
C. Copeland, one of the leading business
men of Los Angeles, are to be found
at the Palace, where they arrived yester
i day.
Prison Director Daniel E. Hays has
come over from his home in Blithedale to
witness the celebration. He is at the Oc
cidental, accompanied by his wife and
daughter.
John Ross Jr., a wealthy mining man of
Sutter Creek, and J. P. Snider, a mine
owner of San Andreas, are two of the
guests who arrived at the Grand yester
j day to witness last night's parade.
| The thousands of people who have com.
j to the city to participate in the festivities
| attendant on the welcome to the Califor
nia volunteers have so congested the ho-
tels that a room is not to be had for love
or money. The lobbies are fairly packed
with a mass of humanity from morning
j until night, and the guests wait their turn
at the dining tables. In the whole history
of the city there has never before been re-
I corded such a rush.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Jaynes of San Francisco are at the
Holland; Tom Pullian of Los Angeles is
at the Imperial: Miss M. G. Stillman,
Miss D. P. Morrison of Redlands and Mrs.
Stanley Stillman of San Francisco are at
the Manhattan.
.— » ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. •
• ■ m ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 11M2. •
— ■ ■_» ■
Will Buy a Valuable Book.
J. W. Hendrie has just presented the
Academy of Sciences with $2500 to pur
chase a copy of the Botanical Register.
This Is one of the rarest and most valua
ble books on botany in existence, and the
prices of it are constantly on the increase.
The book* will not be on hand for some
weeks, but when it Is the Academy will be
in a position to do work of all kinds, as it
will have a book that is the standard ail
over the world. ; :-
Very Low Rates East.
On August 29 and 30. the popular Sante IT*
route will sell tickets to Philadelphia and re
turn at the very low rate of $S8 85. Occa
sion. National Encampment. O. A. R. Call at
428 Market at. for full particular*ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLAIRVOYANT.
MRS. DR. CLARK, THE OCCULT WONDER.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 10*23, MARKET STREET. NEAR €IXTH.
-•_«,_ >tec?l__'VSl__Wh*£ tTOf_***-t J'ol' *-*-<-*.*' -*-*-•'•'*- **•*•*•• yourself or others, come and she will mid.
irou. Sh. advise* you with a certainty higher than human power.
ITS NOT WHAT SHE HAS DONE FOR OTHERS. BUT WHAT SHE WILL DO FOR YOU.
*>,- iV-!L^JL»Ti_ll' c<?nne<'«on tetweea the unseen existence and this world. She can read
the lrmerxaost thoughts of souls, -"*•** -*-**■• past, present and future as ln a mirror and by -bw
&rtu_£ s_£Trj-l.:a- tell how 1: avert cv"' how to »u<-ce*d *** business and o___i_r«SS
■fortune. Sh. locates mlnee and burled treasure, minerals, old estates, lost friends etc
CONCERNING BUSINESS AFFAIRS.
___-**__■* 17*? d-*-***-**. fac-s ,an** fl«nrea, reliable and important advice and Information on all
_f^ -_?,♦ *"-'*r^t '■--■, business transactions, lawsuits, contested wills, life insurance dam.
if.l 6__ts. -"•"*" '**,»• deeds, mortgages, claims, collections, speculations, adventures gold
»t_in_. .locks and all financial difficulties Truly predicts the success or failure of new in-
USC^SI. *:,a-ent.s; **?**?* V*~glcr: **-*-*'-ta***V etc.; tells whether you will receive fair dealings
V^&Sff*? li7°\ C*ire.to kn^ 7,hat bu,s*r*e!*- -**<>« shall follow to be successful, wa^s
you shou.d *,° and whom *° avoid; if you Intend to make an**- changes or to start a bust-
SS!vbttror*S pro:: m>;: or: ln f<LCt- *a.-*s »ny important step, don't fail to consult Dr.
S^'_:.,b'i;er a'*vjc'a mv ■"•*• th« means °' saving you thousands of dollars and a ffreat deal
Remember yonr prospects of to-day may be your fortune to-morrow lf rightly handled.
LOVE OR COURTSHIP.
m*lL**'.??irßr,foi*?i*,.?if'LJ2 ?T •****''"""•*, of lo.***** Interest you. she gives exact and truthful
EKSVr of L?'™. i *yrV B'"'-'"AS -overs' «-*•*-*****!». enable, you to win the esteem and
pection of any one you desire causes speed/ and happy marriages: tells lf the one you
l^f .-:*^t*H*ll_.i'_fte ot, lr*arrta*-*t- restores '.-.-. affection, peace and confidence to lovers
om -^ye rl :": frlV*B you th« -J*" ■««-* how *» control, fascinate and charm the
one you lo^e. also those you meet, and hew to make a person at a distance think of you
ASSISTANCE FOR TROUBLED OR UNFORTUNATE.
A-JiZFJ^J? tr">uv*>>,r'J' an*-' •**•_■?' '"- '■•- •---••-'-d. unhappy, or not satisfied in life, or ha-*»
V.7C\^°JJ°^ ,trt}fJSlr-^\tTo'thlT'* you w'll be told hovr •- overcome all trouble. Tour
wiah and object in life can obtained. A SECRET you should know The power to control.
ALWAYS CONSULT THE BEST.
Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mall. SfT*d stamp for circular wtth special terms. All
Si«n?- and co*Vl'Je?";_^S,ck*-es3'_'^*'«. death?, etc., will be omitted from your
reading at your request, otherwise everything, good and bad will be given
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1023 . MARKET STREET. .NEAR SIXTH
BRIDE ATTEMPTS
TO KILL HUSBAND
California Woman Uses
a Revolver.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
-NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— Mrs. Samuel !
Fobs, twenty-two years oiu, went to the
office of her husband, who is a member I
of the wholesale clothing firm at 22 i
Greene street, and fired four shots at him
. shortly after 10 o'clock this morning.
Fohs was uninjured, but Henry Berg,
a cap merchant, who was reading a paper j
in his private office, was wounded slightly
In the head.
Fob-** refused to prosecute his wife, but
she was arrested on complaint of Berg
and taken to the Jefferson Market Court. I
The woman is a pretty brunette and !s '
a bride cf three weeks. She came to this I
city from California several months ago
and established a cigar and cigarette
stand at 12 West Fourth street. There
was a rush of trade from the start. Busi-
ness men ln the vicinity found her cigars
to have special merit. Among those who I
patronized the cigar store was Samuel ;
Fohs. He married Miss Steinberg three
weeks ago and they established them
selves in apartments at 4*. First street. \
It is said there was a violent quarrel this !
morning, which led to the shooting. The ;
woman had little to say when arraigned
before Magistrate Brann. She explained :
that she had been an actress and traveled i
with the Adler Stock Company in the |
West. She was In the habit of carrying
weapons, such as a knife and a revolver,
for her protection.
Magistrate Brann fined her $10 for dis-
orderly -conduct and $5 for carrying con-
cealed weapons.
GUARDING AGAINST
PLAGUE VISITATION
French Government Taking Precau
tions to Prevent Entrance
of the Disease.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York <
Herald. Copyrighted, 1553, by Jamea Gor- j
don Bennett.
PARIS, Aug. 26.— «^ec£*le here are begin- ;
ning to show some uneasiness about a
possible visitation of the plague. Already
at Marseilles measures have --•en taken
for effectually quarantining vessels com
ing from or having touched at any Span
ish or Portuguese port. The weekly boat
service between Caxthagena and Oran has
been suspended. Measures are being ac- i
tively taken for guarding against en
trance of the plague by the railway Into
France with passengers or goods from
Spain or Portugal.
The general pinion is that there Is no
likelihood of the plague penetrating to .
Paris, even lf an Isolated case or so
should be discovered at any ports in com- j
X-.Ke?Y!_e_^
MA NEW GRAPHOPHONEI
**» . «_t
3 REPRODUCES SAME ' y^^^=^B^^^ v .'* 5
3 RECORDS AS ' ,t«S3S-^ •*■■»:
*__*. . ALL STANDARD -^§P-»*^^ ■***£
» machines 4^o3**^ ' A strongly constructed £
S ttrg^^^^._^ '-> ; Graphophone, with JJ
-»**■ ' s»rnp'c mechanism, *-*■**
3 /*-^&:^p^sfe^^filij!''o^ •* madc to meet the de- 5
';' f§^ mand *0T a lf'rst'c-aSS S
_ ' *i^^* ' _*jfli talking machine, at a ***■
* i ™nricrachine* at a s
2 . --Se^^S^S^ Noi a Toy' •*
I MAKE YOUR OWN RECORDS \
| MAKE YOUR OWN RECORDS \
m The pleasnre in owning a Graphophone is largely increased by being able to znak_» and at.
__a : reduce your own records. Wo furnish this machine with recorder for $50, at.
«a making it tho cheapest recording and reproducing talking machine on the market. _MC
is. GrLinhoTihones of every descrintifi. SEND FOB CATALOGUE COLUMBIA g|
S PHONOGRAPH COMPANY, 723 Market street, San Francisco. Cal. I_^
*i™*mmmm^t¥Mnmttfmmm&*
) •*«ri^ri«jii.a..--)*'<
mumcation witn mrectea points, still it
is impossible to be too strict and the enor
mous influx of visitors next year during
the exhibition will make it very difficult
to exercise strict control without injury to
the great fair.
BRYAN STILL LOYAL
TO FREE SILVER
Says That the Issue Will Not Be Sid3-
\ tracked Because of the Im-
tracked Because of the Im
perialism Question.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 26.— Hon. WilHam
J. Bryan stopped here between trains to
lay while en route to Denver.
"I shall continue to discuss silver," said
Mr. Bryan, in response to a reporter's
jnery, adding: "There was a story from
Dcs Moines recently that I was putting
silver in the background. I am not. I
will not. I was incorrectly reported. Sil
ver will be placed alongside of the other
great issues anil it will be given its due
share of consideration. I stand by the
Chicago Democratic platform.
"When a new baby in born in a house
hold the parents do not expel the other
children. Because the Democratic par y
Is making a fight on imperialism, mili
tarism and trusts is no reason why we
should send from our household the older
_hild. We should gather all these children
into our arms and fight for them."
FOR CARNIVAL QUEEN
Mrs. Ralph Miller Heads the List at
Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 26.— Balloting has
commenced for the Queen of the Carnival
during the Admission day celebration in
Santa Cruz Parlor, Native Daughters of
the Golden West.
Following is the vote: Mrs. Ralph Mil
ler, 31: Mrs. J. R. Williamson. 30; Miss
Anna Linscott. 26; Mrs. F. .__.. French, 25;
Miss Rose Pfister, 16; Miss Daisy Long
ley, 6.
The work of preparation is being rapid
ly pushed forward. The landing has been
built at the carnival ground and the
workmen will immediately commence the
stringing of the electric lights for the
illumination. Everything is in readiness
for the finishing decorations, which will
be placed lust before the carnival.
♦
Vosbursr Divorce Granted.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 26.— The divorce
asked for by Mrs. Kate Vosburg from J.
-- Vosburg of Syracuse, N. v., was
granted by Judge York this morning. Mr.
Vosburg keeps the male child and Mrs.
Vosburg the two little daughters. The
case has attracted interest here on ac
count of th* wealth and social distinc
tion of both parties. Mrs. Vosburg is a
daughter of J. S. Slauson, a local capi
talist.
Home Again.— Get the wasps souvenir
of the California Volunteers' return.
Thirty-two pages of war pictures. For
sale at all newsdealers. 25 cents. •
■ ♦ ■
Cupola Inaugurated
POTSDAM, Aug. 26.— Emperor William
to-day took part in the inauguration of
the new cupola of the great refractor of
the astrophysical observatory on Tele
graphenberg.
THJ2 SAN rRAjNCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 27, 1899.
EL DORADO COUNTY MINERS
IN ANNUAL CONVENTION
OFFICERS CHOSEN
FOR THE YEAR
C. H. Dunton Is the
New President.
NEFF UNAVOIDABLY ABSENT
ELECTION OF STATE DELEGATES
POSTPONED.
Enthusiastic Addresses Were Made
by Thomas Clark, Edward H.
Benjamin and Many
Others^
Special Dispatch to The Cal
PLACERVILLE, Aug. 25.— The
fifth annual meeting of the El
Dorado County Miners' Associa
tion was held ln Slgwart's Opera-
house in this city this evening.
The meeting was largely attended by
representative mining men of all sec
tions of the county, and by citizens of
this city.
Lieutenant Governor J. H. Neff was
among the speakers that had been en
gaged to address the meeting, but was
unavoidably absent. His absence was
a great disappointment to the large au
dience, for Uncle Jake is as dear to the
heart of the El Dorado miner as he is
to the searcher for the ore in his own
county of Placer.
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: President, C. H.
Dunton, superintendent of the Larkin
mine, Diamond Springs district; vice
president, H. E. Picket of Placerviile;
secretary, C. H. Weatherwax; treas
urer, M. Q. Median.
The following executive committee,
composed of leading miners from nearly
every mining district in the county,
was elected: John S. Armstrong, War
ren C. Green. George Clark, Albert Fel
lion, D. H. Jackson, Seymour Hill, E.
A. Davis, W. H. Husband, W. H. Fry,
W. A. Bradley, John Melton. Thomas
riark R G. Parlow. Judge F. Adams.
SANTA Ft MAKES
A BIG OIL DEAL
Buys the Means Ranch
at Bakersfield.
Special DiFpatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 26.— An oil
land transaction involving $55,000 was
consummated here to-day. Ed Dohe
ney, oil expert for the Santa Fe Com
pany and A. B. Butler of Fresno show
up in the transaction. It is reported
that other heavy capitalists and oilmen
are in the deal. The land purchased
is sixty-five acres on Lone Means'
place, six miles from town, up the Kern
River.
River.
About three months ago the El wood
Bros, of Fresno County came here and
leased the land from Means and, with
what spare cash they could raise, sunk
a well about 450 feet deep on the land.
They went through 200 feet of oil sand,
it is claimed. The well was finished a
few days ago, but the casing was not
perforated to let the oil flow. This was
postponed for the reason that they
were negotiating a sale of the lease.
To-day the sale was made and the land
purchased of Means. The Elwoods got
$40,000 for the lease and Means $15.
for the land. The land is on the north
side of the river. Means has other land
on the east side of the river.
The Elwoods and Means are poor
men and the money received put them
on velvet. It is rumored that another
poor rancher, whose property adjoins
that of Means, also made a big deal.
Numerous heavy capitalists visited
here during the past month and ail
act. mysteriously. ■
The Santa Fe people have gone to
Sunset, a district forty miles west, to
investigate. It is said to be a promising
field. A big oil boom is on and devel
opment is going ahead.
THREE MEN CRUSHED
BY A FALLING CAR
An Accident at the Colusa Stone
Company's Plant at
Sites.
Sites.
SITES, Aug. 26.— There was a tragedy
at the big plant of the Colusa Stone Com
pany, located near this place, shortly be
fore the noon hour to-day.
The big traveler, which runs on a track
at a height of about sixty feet and which
Is used to carry stone trom the quarry
to the plant where the stone is dressed,
toppled and fell, killing one man instantly
and wounding two more, probably fatally.
The young man killed was named Jack
Galvin. He was a native of Colusa and
only began* work at the plant to-day.
Manager Harrington of the narrow
gauge railroad sent a special train which
conveyed the body of young Galvin and
the Injured men to Colusa.
m
His Arm Blown Off.
GILROY. Aug. 26.— Mr. Bagnall of the
Day ranch lost his arm In a peculiar
m.inner last night. He was standing at
his gate with a loaded gun watching a
coyote. A child playing near him acci
dentally touched the trigger. The gun
went off and Ragnall received the full
charge In his arm. He coolly bound the
injured limb and sentfor a doctor. When
the physician arrived he found it neces
sary to amputate the arm. The Injur*
man, although 60 years of age, is doing
well, but is very weak from loss of blood.
» • .
Racing Man Penalized.
NEW YORK. Aug. 26.— At a meeting
of the executive committee of the stew- <
ards of the National Steeplechase and
Hunt Association to-day it was ordered
that the penalties imposed upon C. W.
Penmaton, owner of the horse Dr. Dun
lap; Trainer Ben Pope and Jockey South
wood and the horse Populist, Trainer
John Nixon and Jockey Moxley be con
tinued at all courses.
«_►
Found in the River.
TUBA CITY, Aug. 26.— inquest was
held here this afternoon on the body of
Herbert Howard of Sacramento. Howard
was a fireman on an upper river steamer.
He was missed from the steamer last Sun
day and the body was found yesterday in
the river on the west side of this county.
Deceased was a native of Canada, aged
23 years. He leaves a widow and one
child.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with j
or without removal. J.Noonan.' 1017-1023 Mission. I
H. S. Morey and H. E. Picket.
Letters regretting their inability by
reason of other engagements to partici
pated in and conveying greeting and
best wishes for the purposes of the as
sociation were received and read from
Lieutenant Governor Xeff, Senator
John F. Davis and Senator E. W.
Chapman. The election of delegates to
the annual convention of the State
Miners' Association was continued to a
meeting to be held in October.
The meeting was addressed by Judge
Frederick Adams, Thomas Clark, H. E.
Picket. Hon. G. J Carpenter and Ed
ward H. Benjamin, secretary of the
ORDERED OUT
OF DAWSON CITY
Swiftwater Bill's Rela
tives Too Swift.
— * — ■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. ''.. Aug. 26.-Mrs. Swift
water Bill Gates, otherwise known as
Miss Gussie Lamore, the "Klondike Nug-
Miss Gussie Lamore. the "Klondike 'Sue
get" and pet of the vaudeville stage
under the midnight stars, as well as her
sisters Nellie and Betle, is In disgrace.
Indeed the two latter are so much under
the cloud that they returned here from
Daw-son by the Tees to-night by order.of
the municipal authorities of the town in
which they ha* became famous.
Nellie has been one of the queens of
theatrical life In the north for a year or
more past, making money and holding her
popularity. Some four months ago she
aft f Jy fly f|y if|» fj|| ttf fj|y "jj f^p f^y «j|j af-i fjfr tj" f j[f f|" t|y fjy jjp f|y fjy Hfr A j§j fjy ff,? fit? fjy f^l- fj? fjy fj,! fj,. 3}
i FREE BOOK II
*_>:■•;■...-: • «3i
| "Three Classes of* Men"}
| "Three Classes of Men" }
I ....F0R.... ■■'"■'!
I WEAK MEN ONLYf
$ _ . &
I ©S) 0 My little book, Three Classes of |
-I /r^S/^ V^~*V Men," sent free, sealed, upon request. %.
•4 te^s °^ my thirty years' experience
••§ Wl<m^^^^kf and success in treating results ot &
* rSfW _JiW-7r youthful errors or later excesses by =£
$ 1 IJYY^'f^J} *
* 1 J aXT)/(,//[iJ nature's gift to man — Electricity. It*
* i M V^Jvl ml tells of my famous J 899 model Dr. f
* if Yxi 0/ W/ t
* I!/ Hs} If 1 7 Sanden Electric Belt, with attachment *
f men' f
| Free Consultation at Office. |
I Free Consultation at Office. }
S-g Drop in at my office to- 1 you how the DR. SAN- i**
I day, if possible, for free DEN ELECTRIC }
t consultation, when I BELT operates, or write 1
* shall be pleased to show for above book. *
*HR A T SANnFN .18.Ihir£?„tr«J!5t' *
3? *__•_/■ l\« i^« 1 • ____//__ 1 IL/ ______ 1 1 • office Hours-9 to 6; Sunday. 11 to 1. **
» : ■■ '■" ■ ■■•■ ■■ . »
State Miners' Association. Mr. Benja
min's address was a splendid effort and
was enthusiastically received by the
large audience. It was a plea for or
ganization of all engaged in the pioneer
industry of the State that the public
domain might be preserved to the
miner, and the legislation that pro
tected the rehabilitation of the hy
draulic mining industry might be pre
served upon the statute books of both
State and nation.
A concert by the Union band of this
city enlivened the proceedings of a
meeting that will long be remembered
by the miners of the old empire county.
sent for her sisters, Gussie and Belle.
who were at that time playing an en
gagement here, and on being joined by
them the trio commenced to coin money
at a rate regarded as even too rapid for
th. rapid Klondike.
As a sequence— several unsophisticated
miners having complained of having been
too expeditiously separated from their
dust while enjoying the society of the
sisters In a theatrical wineroom — they
were given eight hours in which to close
up their affairs and leave Dawson. Six
hours later the upbound steamer Closet
had them among her passengers and to
night the Tees landed them here and con
nections were made with the Utopia,
which will transfer them to a train for
San Francisco to-morrow.
Their brother, Busch. the "human vam
pire," came down with them, and alto
gether the party had upward of (100.000 in
gold, diamonds and drafts to show that
their labors in the northern wilderness
have not been altogether unprofitable.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. August 26.
Br strar Wellington, Salmond, So hours from
Departure Bay.
Stmr Westport, Peterson. 20 hours from Bear
Harbor.
, SAILED.
Saturday, August 26.
Stmr Alice Blanehard. Hall. Coos Bay.
ABDUCTION OF
A YOUNG GIRL
Charges Made Against
a Horseman.
OFFICERS IN HOT PURSUIT
FUTILE CHASE NEAR SANTA
BARBARA.
Criminal Thought to Be Heading To-
ward Mexico, but His Capture
"Will Probably Occur With-
in a Few Days.
Special Dispatch to The Cal
SANTA BARBARA. Aug. 26.— Officers of
the northern end of the county are in hot
chase after a man named Freeman, who
hails from Chino and who ran away with
a 13-year-old girl about a week ago.
Freeman is an all-around sport, gam
bler and race. horse man. The sorrel race
horse, which has untold speed, was driven
into Chino several months ago attached to
an old buckboard, with his tail and mane
full of barley beards and appearing half
starved and ungroomed. Several match
races for different sized purses were made.
and an afternoon set aside for a race
meet. The sorrel horse entered every
race, coming out in the lead in each one.
No matter how fast the race, the horse
would leave his adversary far in the
lurch. This was repeated in Pomona.
Riverside and neighboring towns. A week
ago Thursday, it is alleged. Freeman stole
a 13-year-old Mexican girl, and it was
thought that -he was making for Mexico.
and the officers were in hot pursuit in that
direction, but the object of their search
was going in the opposite direction. He
passed through this city last Tuesday.
Wednesday he was at Barons, about
twenty-five miles north of here. Thursday
he passed through San Julian ranch and
Friday was seen in Lompoc.
It was not until yesterday that officers
of this county began the chase. It will
be but a matter of a few hours, it Is
thought, when he will be behind prison
bars. Santa Barbara's Sheriff is hot on
the trail, and he declares the man cannot
escape his clutches.
AMERICAN KILLED
BY MEXICAN BRIGANDS
A Mining Engineer in the State of
Durango Is Murdered and
Bobbed of His Money.
Bobbed of His Money.
DURANGO, Mex., Aug. 26.— Thomas Ij.
DUKANGO, M-x.. Aus. 28.— Thomaa It.
Marrid, an American mining engineer whe
Marrid. an American mining engineer whe
came to Mexico three years ago from
came to Mexico three yea - from
Montana, was on his way from Cuilacar
M< .-ana, was on his way from Ouilacar
to San Dlmas, when he was attacked oy
to San Dimas. when he was attacked >>
a band of brigands and murdered. His
a band of brigands and murdered. His
body was robbed of a considerable sum
body was robbed of a considerable sum
of money and stripped of its clothes. It
of money and si s. It
was found by Mexican charcoal burners
lying beside the mountain trail and con-
Iving beside the mountain trai! an*:
veyed to Culiacan, where it was buried.
veyed to Culia .ried.
It is reported here that Marrid was the
owner of valuable mining property In the
Papasquiaro district. An effort is being
Papasqularo district. Ar
made to locate the relatives of the mur
made to locate the n es : the mur
dered man.
dered man.
_» '
Success of Americans.
Success of Americans.
LONDON, Aug. **■■.—-■- special aispatcn
from Cairo says: The Sirdar, Lord Kit
rrom Cairo say--: The Sirdar, Lord Klt
chener of Khartoum, successfully opened
_f Khartoum, successfully opened
.he Atbara bridge to-day, which was con
structed by a Philadelphia firm after com
petition with British firms for the con
petition with British firms
tract. The Evening News says: '"It now
remains to be seen whether thi » bridge,
built fn America on lines condemned d>
built In America on llr
English engineers, will be able id stand
the Atr-ara- rushing floods."
the All dc : g floods."
Noted Odd Fellow Dead
CHICAGO, Aug. 26.— Alonzo EH I wood of
Sycamore, 111* aged 76 years, former
Sycamore, 111., aped 76 years, former
gTand master of the Illinois branch of
grand master of the Illinois brai.
the Odd Fellows, died here to-day from
meningitis. He was a brother of Isaac
Ellwood of the executive board of the
American Steel and Wire Company, and
of the late Congressman Reuben Ellwood.
■ » .
Keith's announcement, society page. *
Keith's announcement, society page. -*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
s_^^Sß_Bgaaßß-_--E--B_w
THIS
"THIS
IS OUR I
'$% LEADER.
Suit like above cut made
Suit like above cut made
at our factory by WHITE
LABOR; full tailor made;
made of all-wool black and
navy blue cheviot serge ;
also navy blue, Mack, tan
and brown mixed Venetian
I cioth, which are shrunk be-
j fore being made up. Jacket
' full silk lined; seams stitch-
-3 ed with 3 rows silk thread.
■ Fit guaranteed. An oppor-
; tunity to get a HKjH-
-1 CRADE TAILOR SUIT AT
I LOW PRICE. |
'£
l
MADE-TO-ORDER
MADE-TO-ORDER
TAILOR SUITS
FROM $20 AND UPWARD.
• FIT GUARANTEED.
—
16-18-20 GRANT AYE., i
16-18-20 GRANT AYE.,
Bet. Market and Geary.
Suswell Paint Co.
Manufacturers
Manufacturers
Card ***D^^^__^^*&_^l-__i:^__^
Sent Free /C~^o^ 00
Sent Free /_____\ Adj QO
Money Back if t^gEfg_EE_EOT O ■ I *~"
youdon-tlikeit gfSS?|^l PER CAL.
you don't like it B ■*•*■' l^^S^ ; PER CAL.
710-716 *ggg||g Market St.
710-716 &fef^jga| Market St.
Broadway -g^fT^-TP- • San
Broadway m!^'u-_[..A- San
Oakland -^^^^s* Francisco
If your painter or dealer can not furnish the
If your painter or dealer can not furnish the
BUSWELL PAINTS
BUSWELL PAINTS
SF.ND DIRECT TO US
SFND DIRECT TO US
FurnitureiCarpets!
Furniture 3 Carpets!
JUST ARRIVED-
JUST ARRIVED-
A Complete Assortment of Latest Designs ia
A Complete Assortment cf Latest Designs ln
Carpets, Furniture, Stoves, Etc.
Carpets, Furniture, Stoves, Etc,
Estimates Given on Complete House Furnishing.
Estimates Given on Complete House Furnishing.
Liberal credit extended to responsible parties.
Inspection of stock cordially Invited. Free
delivery Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley.
T. BRILLIANT,
T. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR
ARONSON FURNITURE COMPANT,
338=340 POST ST.,
338=340 POST ST.,
BETWEEN STOCKTON AND POWELL,
BETWEEN STOCKTON AND POWELL,
Opposite Union Square.
Telephone Main ISSO.
The Head of the House
The Head of the House
has many cares and responsibilities
has mary cares and responsibilities
resting upon his shoulders, and when
resting upon his shoulders, and when
they are increased by poor laundry
they are increased by poor laundry
work the yok-e galls.
work the yoke galls.
Our laundry work gives comfort and
Our laundry work gives comfort and
satisfaction to the wearer.
satisfaction to the wearer.
"No saw-edges."
"No saw-edges."
United States Laundry, Offica
United States Laundry. Office-*
1004- Market Street.
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
rC__-_._*tei-_ Enc lis a Dt___o_- Brand. '--.
PChiehestei's E-_Ua- Diamond Brand. -
ENNYROYAL PiLLS
EKNYROYAL PiLLS
__i-\ Original and Only Genuine. ▲
f- ./^fc-^TS S-FE. s'wt.j* reliable L-DIES. Uk J^\ .
__*-** »1 fi „M D***»*Jl»« tor Chirhetter < £*nju._ £••-■■ J»_i
_r**-*"T^JW_-_.ll " '' Brand ist Bed -ad Gold _f.a__._s
**5-y __^HhM sealed vith blue ribboa. Take \£T
*M *»>*i Si-Jnootkcr. Reft*. d,mgerrn~3 r*lttit»* v
I'l *** ftftiont and imitati, nt. At Draggiiu, or lead 4a.
I (*. Mm op* for p _r-.le-'.*.ri. t«-____onl___i aad
i*C* O "K«U«f for La-lea,*' to letter. br r-rtars
« i IT MaiL 10.000 T_*tt__Bi__. _»*•_&. Paper.
x-->-*^~Chi»*iei.terCS___c_lCo..M»dLki«-B^___-»
Mi IT all Local Ur-KiiJ^ * PHIL -V*>A^. PM
■-•r^^SSS9kS*t*iM B*s ** •' "■ non-rcl'onouß
.'_^__S__________&M.__r P!s" ** *-" "* non-r*"!'-*****-^
<._tfS_r**l^V,*-^____i remedy for ."-"norrli.**,
_X^Hr*-*-*UE*^H| Gleet. 3 per ma to
M!Pw '" & '«T'*-^H bites, unnatural lit.
fZfdJa G=ir»_t«*i al charges, or nay Inllammt*
ffikl cat to etrtat— ra. tion, irritation or ulcera-*
|-a***-***J£'raTea_a eoneaglaa. Tien of mucous m-*_a->
&7^THEEvA-I3CHEV*m«IC<_.. b-an-**- iion-aatringent.
•S•,•*l *»•»• I>rw*_gi»U.
Wg(Lc:i.C!NNATI,O ■■ Sa,d ■*-r «*^^-»i»U.
V^Sk C T.J. __l__a^or -*-"nt •*■ plain wrapper,
.^__9S____. ' ' ______•**___ OT ei-_re**a, prepaid, tot
______________P-«V*M l**'JU' or *> t>otti-__, *..:».
v ■ Circular Mat «« —irul.
% . _ A
patents! ;)
__r_______R_______^E^/
330 MARKET ST. S.F. *S_|^
Weekly Gall $I.oo mrfn
-- • — ■ — - — -— .
78
■** West. "**
HOBART HORSES
WIN ON THE DEL
MONTE TRUCK
Ali Baba Comes In,
Nestor Second.
Special Dtapat-G*-** to The Call.
DEL MONTE. Aug. 26.— The fourth an
niversary of the Paciflc Coast Pony and
Steeplechase Racing Association occurred
this afternoon on the Del Monte race
track and was the chief even, of Del
Monte's fortnight of sports. Everybody
attended, many going In coaches and in
drags and traps, and the scene at the
track was very animated. Many of the
gentlemen who had horses entered rode
their own animals.
The events were:
Five-eighths of a mile, for horses owned
and ridden by residents of Monterey and
Santa Cruz counties; 125 pounds and up
ward-Charles VV. White's Merry Boy and
Lady Torso and John Ball's Miss Norma.
Merry Bo\ won, Miss Norma second.
Three-sixteenths of a mile, polo ponies;
170 pounds C. E. Maud's Nancy Lee, P..
D. Mart l's Lady Peach ; J. S. Tobin's
Peanuts, li. M. Tobin's Rosin?! E. J. To
bin's Apache. Thomas Driscoll's Killar
ney, W. S. Hobart's Brandy, F. J. Caro
lan"s Twilight, M. Ealand's Lady Jane.
Winner, Ladj I* ach. .Martin up; Nancy
Let* second. Brandy third. Time, :20.
Five-eighths of a mil.-, ponies 14*-_* hands
or under; ICS pounds— Maud's Nell Owynn,
Hobart's Comanche; C. F. Buckley Jr.'s
Mis.-* putters, Carolan's Hoodoo, Robert
Bettner's Gertrude. Winner, Gertrude,
Bettner up; Miss Flitters second, Nell
i}\\\ nn third. Time. 1:09.
One and a quarter miles over hurdles-
Moore's Moliie; Charles Dunphy's Blucher,
J. S. Tobin's Jubilee, Carolan's Gadfly,
Moore's Flirt. inner, Blucher, Dunphy
up: M_olli< second, Gadfly third. Time,
2:38.
One mile, open to all horses that have
One mile, open to all horses that have
never won a rate; 150 pounds— 2.l
PeacemanJ John Ball's Raja. Miss Norma,
Ealand's Lilly F. Raja won, Miss Norma
second. Time. 1:53.
Half mile, polo ponies, 17<* pounds-
Maud's Nancy Lee, Martin's Lady Peach,
R. m, Tobin's sina, J. S. Tobin's Pea
nuts, E Tobin's Frolic, Driscoll's Killar
ney, Hobart's Brandy, Carolan's Cock
tail. Winner, Nancy Lee, Bettner up;
Brandy second. Time, .'"'•.*.
One mile. Del Monte cup, 165 pounds—
Maud's Nell Gwynn. Martin's Six Bits.
D phy's Mamie *'.. Buckley's Miss Flit
ters, Bettner's Gertrude. Winner, Six Hits,
Peter Martin up: Miss Flitters second,
Gertrude third. Time. 2:00.
Two and a half miles, steeplechase. San
Mate Hunt Club cup. 170 pounds— ll. It.
Cooper's Silverado, Moore's Huntsman,
Hobart's All Baba, Hobart's Nestor, Mar
tin's Deadw I, Baron yon Sehr< eder's
Gift, Carolan's Merry Boy. Winner, All
Baba, Stillwell up; Nestor second. Hunts
man third. Time, 5:14.
The golf team match. North vs. South.
thirty-six holes, match play, was played
this morning. The South won. The teams
wore:
North— Ahbott. Fitzgerald, Hubbard,
North Abbott, Fitzgerald, Hubbard,
Williamson, Folger, Roberts, Smith.
South— Maud, Tufts, Jones, Cosby, Sar
tori, Young, Cook.
FORM OF THE FUTURITY.
Time— l:lo 2-5. Start good. Won handily. Second and third driving. ( Winner b. g.
by Juvenal-La« _.'"',. . .' '«'•
Place bettinc—Chacornac, 3 to 5; Brigadier, 2 to 1.
If Burns had had clear track in the last quarter he might have won. Windemere is a
good colt.
Scratched— Olcott and Last I . _____.. -,__._, »/-. i ._
•Coupled with" Chacornac. ••Coupled with Gulden. tCoupled with Modrine. JCoupled
with Windemere.
! ■ "I"" . -*-*-—■
A Man Who Is Embarrassed and Hampered With an Un-
A Man Who Is Embarrassed and Hampered With an Un-
natural Weakness, a Contracted Ailment or Any Other Dis-
ease, Should Consult These Well Known, Reliable and Skilled
Specialists You Can Get Their Opinion and Advice Free.
gglllip
ESTABLISHED 18 YEARS :* KwJ
___t*K*^ - *u£^ji^^^^^S^^^ «g" _P**^*" ~~~~^\\~
|P>l'r Cul^^**^»jJß^«UM3«a|^^MMWMMMj^^ —
. w* ."yjff^i**^ __!?**■ ______kk_. W*__9R
THEY CURE— Nervous Debility, Rupture, Tumors, Vari-
THEY CURE— Nervous Debility, Rupture, Tumors, Vari-
cocele, Special Diseases, Eczema, Cancer, Sleeplessness, Rheum-
atism, Neuralgia, Kidney Diseases, Bladder Diseases, Spine Dis-
eases, Liver Diseases, Heart Diseases, Blood Diseases, Skin Dis- *
eases, Stomach Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear Diseases, Lung Dis- ■
eases, Rectal Diseases.
NO PAY TILL PATIENTS ARE CURED.
NO PAY TILL PATIENTS ARE CURED.
As a guarantee DR. MEYERS & CO. will let the patient deposit the
price of a cure In any bank in San Francisco, to be paid to DR.
MEYERS & Co. after he is entirely well. If it Is not convenient to do
this payments may be made in weekly or monthly installments.
HOME CURES— FREo BOOK.
Although it Is preferable to see the patient- in many instances.'it la
not always necessary. If you cannot call write for private book, diag-
nosis sheets, free advice, prices and other particulars. Correspondence
solicited. All letters confidential. No printing on envelopes or pack- r
ages to indicate name of sender.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 MARKET ST., S. F. «■»*■■* !
Hours to 5 daily, 7to 8 evenings, 9to 11 Sundays. j
ZBig Sporting Svents of the u/orfd.
CHACORNAC HOME IN FRONT
IN THE CLASSIC FUTURITY
James R. Keene's New Purchase Starts Favorite in
the Betting and Lands the $42,000 Purse.
SPENCER, THE CALIFORNIAN, HAS THE MOUNT
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— A perfect
start, a clean and unsullied race,
with the new Keene colt running
easily into first place, with nine
teen colts and fillies thundering be-
hind—such, in brief, is the story of the
twelfth renewal' of the Futurity stakes.
The Brookdale bred colt Chacornac
got a good start. It was like a line of
cavalry at the word "Charge." He ran
easily under Spencer's guidance, slowly
forging ahead of his field until the last
corner was turned and as the expiring
rush came on and as Brigadier made
his best jump Chacornac slipped under
the wire an easy winner in the second
best Futurity time on record— l:lo 2-5.
Ogden had cleared the Futurity course
in 1:10, but good judges considered the
track to-day from one to two seconds
slower than when Ogden made the rec
ord, so Chacornac suffers nothing by
comparison.
By one of those inexplicable touches
of nature the former owner of Chacor-
nac, Mr. Thompson, and the winning
owner, Mr. Keene, stood side by side
on the clubhouse piazza during the
race. Mr. Keene was pale and agi
tated, Mr. Thompson buoyant and
cheerful. As the crowd at the farther
end of the stand took up the shout,
-Keene wins," Mr. Keene heaved a deep
sigh and, turning to Mr. Thompson,
grasped his hand. Soon the horses
swept under the wire, and the new
purchaser's number was run up. The
clubhouse crowd surged about Mr.
Keene to congratulate him. while his
son Foxhall, led a triumphal proces
sion within the doors to celebrate in
magnums.
As the former and the present o^ner
I of Chacornac stood together, in perfect
contentment, it was suggested that
now was the proper time to tell tha
price paid for the exchange.
"I will tell if you will, said Mr.
Keene to Mr. Thompson.
"I will tell if you will," answered Mr.
Thompson, and neither told except to
Bay that anything printed about the
price heretofore was wide of the mark.
It seems to have been one of those
transactions in which each party was
supremely satisfied with the result. Mr.
TTT-E RAX FRANCISCO CAT/L. gTO-TDAT, AUGUST 27, 1899.
CHACORNAC, WINNER OF THE RICH PRIZE.
FUTURITY WINNERS OF THE PAST.
Keene backed his new purchase moder
ately. L. S. Thompson sent a "too-late"
commission into the ring, but his broth
er, William P. Thompson, gathered in
$5000 on the race.
The day was not a pretty one for rac
ing or for morning crowds. J. H. Brad
ford, one of the principal executive of
ficers of the Coney Island Jockey Club,
received reports of the attendance in a
little glass-surrounded corner of the
club stand, which he has had built to
protect his Invalidism.
"About fifteen thousand, we make it,"
said his henchmen from the gates. This
is rather below the average Futurity
attendance, but the lowering skies of
the morning easily accounted for the
falling off, especially in the pretty
woman line. There is nothing gained
in spoiling a delicate muslin or chiffon
gown, and still worse is it to be seen at
Sheepshead Bay in anything that is not
especially smart. .If two thousand
women stayed away on account of the
threatening weather, then It is safe to
say that five thousand men did like
wise; 2% to 1 are not bad odds to ven
ture on such a calculation.
The Futurity, unhappily, occurred at
a time when New York society is utter
ly scattered and busily engaged in the
pursuits of Newport, Bar Harbor,
Lenox, Narragansett and the whole
stretch of coast and mountain from
Cape May to White Mountains.
The Long Island hunting set. which
always adds grace and beauty to the
Suburban, are not within call of the
Futurity. The boxes of the Belmonts,
the Hltchcocks, the Keenes, the Mor
timers, the Birds, the Ripleys, the
Kennedys, the Laniers, the Morgans
and the rest of that fascinating fol
lowing of good racing, were occupied
by others equally interested in the
thoroughbred, perhaps not so well
known in the bouts and routs of Upper
Fifth avenue, but all supremely well
dressed and quite as attractive and
chic as any crowd ever seen at Long
champs or Deanville.
From the boxes all down through the
rows of grand stand seats there was
a succession of delightfully cool-looking
costumes in pale blue, pink and mauve,
with all sorts of picture hats and
feathers and furbelows, with neat lit
tle wraps, all ready for the inevitable
shower, which happily held off until the
day's sport was about over. t
If there were plenty of shirt waists
and shirt sleeves sprinkled among the
big crowd,- they only went to show thai
this was a purely representative Amer
ican crowd, a regular Futurity crowd
.when employes were looking forward
to becoming great bankers and the suit
model— 36 bust, 43 skirt— had an eye
upon a Fifth avenue residence.
A finer lot of two-year-olds never left
Sheepshead Bay paddock than filed out
at half-past 4 o'clock en route to the
post for ;• the great Futurity. There were
twenty in all and each trained to the
hour, ready for the struggle over a try
ing course one hundred and seventy
feet less than three-quarters of a mile,
with one slight bend. David Garrick,
with Jenkins, a Western jockey, in
Pierre Lorlllard's famous cherry and
black, led the parade. The big son of
Hanover and Peg Wofflngton looked
the ideal thoroughbred and 134 pounds
appeared to rest lightly on his back*
Still it was a tremendous load to ask
the youngster, to carry such a journey.
and few experienced turfmen cared to
back him. ■.. ■*.... : -
Tlie Keene trio— Doublets Little Mc-
Cue up: Virginia Earle, Maher astride,
and Chacornac, with Spencer as pilot
followed in the order named and there
was no mistaking which the hearty ap
plause was for. The Juvenal gelding,
big, strong and restless, looked from
side to side eager to break away.
Spencer patted him, talked to him and
kept him in his place passing the stand.
Then he almost wheeled, so nervous
and impatient was he to get to running.
Gulden, with Taral in the saddle, was
quiet and docile, and Tenderloin, with
the California boy, Piggott, on his back,
looked handsome enough to do great
things. .
Green Morris' pair, Modrine and
Water King, guided respectively by
j Bullman and Wedderstroud, were
quickly recognized, and then came
"Pittsburg Phil's" badly named son of
I Russell, and Active," Prestidigitator,
with unlucky Sims on his back Plucky,
of whom much was expected, looked
like a great torn, and "Harry" Lewis
appeared to enjoy his seat. Marcus
Daly's colors were borne by St. Finnan,
who, though he had not shown much
form ln his races, was much respected
for his recent work. Musette, daughter
of Juvenal, with Clayton up. Knight of
Rhodes, with O'Cleary in the saddle, and
King Bramble, with Clawson astride,
followed in the order named, and then
walked the Bromley pair, Windemere
and Iroquois Belle, piloted by O'Connor
and Shaw.
Windemere, the particularly good
looking son of Iroquois and Trade
Wind, came in for much admiration by
the shrewd training element, who re-
gretted only that lt was the colt's first
time at the post. A round of applause
for the next horse and jockey revealed
little Odom on .The Scotchman. Pale
from his recent illness, the result of a
bad fall on Brighton Beach, the pride
of the saddle bent his head in recogni
tion of the greeting. Few thought that
Mr. Clark's colt had much chance to
win. but everybody knew that the boy
in the saddle would make the horse do
his best. John Daly's Erwin, J. Hill
up, led the Hyland pair. Okettee and
Brigadier trailed the long procession.
Hennessy had the mount on Okettee,
who ran in J. Boden's colors, but was
coupled in the betting with Brigadier,
who had "Tommy" Burns for a pilot.
The last named cold looked fit to race
for his life, and nearly all the trainers
I talked to in the paddock during the
toilet-making of the candidates agreed
that he was the horse to beat. Once
past the grandstand, the colts broke
into jogs and canters and quickly took
up their positions at the post.
This was the order, Windemere being
next the rail with the starter: Knight
of Rhodes, Doublet, Plucky, Brigadier,
Chacornac, Okettee, Iroquois Belle,
Water King. St. Finnan, Gulden, King
Bramble, David Garrick, Modrine, Er
win, Musette, Virginia Earle, Prestidi
gitator, Tenderloin, The Scotchman,
Windemere.
According to the opinion of the own-
ers, trainers and jockeys Windemere
had the best position and Knight of
Rhodes the worst. The favorites
Chacornac and Brigadier— however,
were as badly off as Knight of Rhodes.
The horses lined up in good order,
less fractious than most big fields of
two-year-olds, and then several chafing
against the bit broke away. Brought
back again into position, they appeared
to be on even terms when the starter
told them to "Come on," and, moving
as one body, they jumped forward as
nicely lined as such a big field could
possibly be, and the word "Go!" and
the dropping of the flag, simultaneous
ly, witnessed one of the quickest and
fairest starts ever seen.
Modrine had a trifle the best of It, but
Doublet, Virginia Earle and Chacor-
nac were close up, and Windemere and
Plucky and Brigadier were lapped on
them. In the first quarter all were
driving hard, for there was that wicked
turn Into the main track only a short
distance away, and every boy knew
that the flrst horse around the corner
would not have to take any chance of
being crowded out and would be better
straightened for the run home.
Bullman on Modrine was at work
with hands and heels in the effort to
stay in the lead. . As they neared the
end of the main track Modrine began
to fall back, and as they straightened
out the bay gelding Chacornac poked
his white nose in front. Spencer's red
cap and blue and white spotted jacket
showed up plainly now, for he was
clear of the bunch on the outside. The
race was by no means over, however,
for Brigadier was coming with a rush,
and in front of him shone the bright
yellow jacket of O'Connor on Winde-
mere. The last furlong pole was
reached in safety without jostling or
crowding, and then it was apparent
that it was over, for Chacornac was go-
ing easily, Spencer having a bit up his
sleeve in case of accidents, while every
boy was driving hard behind him.
The pace was a little too hot for
Windemere and he began to drop back
for Burns, who was working hard on
Brigadier and wearing him down fast,
until a sixteenth from home the son of
Rayon dOr got his head in front and
; was sure of second place. Spencer was
still going ably on -Chacornac and as
1 they went over the finish line the laftter
j^___B_____la-_*>n»____-__j_Fi-_____.__i__^_-»i__jlH^^^
had something more than a neck the
best of it, although he might have made
it more had he been so inclined. Briga
dier was in second place clear of the
others, while Windemere staggered
home a scant head in front of St. Fin
nan, and there was little daylight be
tween the others. Modrine, who had
made the pace, had to be content with
fifth place.
Only yesterday James R. Keene pur
chased Chacornac from James Rowe
for a sum announced to be $25,000.
In the Fall Handicap, Previous, at
light weight and at long price, made a
driving finish with Batten, winning in
the fast time of 1:13 2-5 for the six fur
longs. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling— St. Clair won, Peep
o* Day second. Little Lindsay third. . Time,
1:28 1-5.
Five furlongs, selling— Smoke won, Lady
Massey second, Ola third. Time, 1:01 4-5.
Fall handicap, six furlongs— Previous won.
Batten second. Imp third. Time, 1:13 2-5.
The Futurity, Futurity course — Chacornac,
114 (Spencer). 8 to 5 and 3 to 5, won by a neck:
Brigadier. 109 (Burns), 6 to i and 2 to 1, second
by one length: Wind. mere, 112 (O'Connor), 15 to
1 and 6 to 1, third. Time. 1:10 2-5.. St. Finnan,
Modrine. Okettee, David Garrick, Iroquois
Belle. Doublet, King Bramble, Water King,
Prestidigitator, The Scotchman, Gulden,
Knight of Rhodes, Virginia Earle, Tenderloin,
Plucky. Musette and Irwin finished as named.
Inaugural, steeplechase shortcourse — Artiel*
won, Wood Pigeon second, Tentore third. Time.
4:11. .; -i.-* ;.
Sixth, race, one and one-sixteenth miles on
turf— Hare Perfume won. Flax Spinner second,
Myth third. Time. 1:48.
CHACORNAC'S CAREER.
Is an English Bred Horse, More
Muscular Than Good Looking.
NEW YORK, Aug. Chacornac
was bred by L. S. and W. P. Thompson,
sons of the late Colonel Thompson of
Virginia, at Brookdale Farm, in New
Jersey. More Futurity winners have
come from that establishment than
from any other. Chacornac's sire,
Juvenal, is an English horse. He is
a chestnut with blazed face, of heroic
proportions and splendid muscular de
velopment. Colonel Thompson himself
went to England to make the selection.
When he brought Juvenal home many
old-time American turfmen told him he
had made a mistake.
Chacornac Is not unlike his sire in
appearance, particularly behind the
withers. ' He has Juvenal's big barrel
and tremendous quarters. He also has
great depth through the heart. Chacor
nac ls not a good-looking horse from
an artistic point of view. He Is rather
ugly, In fact. He is slightly sway
backed and has a coarse-looking head
and neck. -Great muscular power rath
er than grace Is his chief characteris
tic. His dam, Lactitla, Is one of the old
Brookdale matrons. The last good
horse she produced was the speedy
Wilkins.
CHRYSANTHEMUM WON.
Second Choice, Heavily Played, Noses
Out the Favorite.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 26.—T0-day's racing mark
ed the closing of the most successful meeting
in the history of the St. Louis Fair Associa
tion. The feature of the programme was the
Chrysanthemum stake for two-year-olds at one
mile, valued at $1500. • John Millin, a heavily
played second choice, nosed out Sidbow, the
favorite. Results:
Six furlongs—Belle of Memphis won, Barriso
second. Miss Bramble third. Time, 1:15.
One mile — Lee Planter won, Trladltza second.
Lulu W third. Time. 1:43%.
One mile and seventy yards— Loving Cup won,
Mary second, Forbush third. Time, 1:46%.
Chrysanthemum stakes, for two-year-olds,
value $1500. one mile— John Mlllin won, Sidbow
second, Duke of Melbourne third. Time, 1:44.
Handicap, .six furlongs Aunt Mary won.
Applejack second, Gibraltar third. Time. 1:15.
Handicap, mile and a sixteenth— Carl C won.
Forget Not second, Sir Holla third. Time,
1:49%. ■'-■■■*■ '■:■ •'
Mile and an eighth, selling— won,
Annie Oldfield second, Rushfields third. Time,
1:66%:
: CHICAGO, . Aug. 26.— There was a great
crowd at Harlem to-day. May Beach surprised
the betting men by lasting the seven furlong
route and winning the handicap. She had
dazzling speed, the time being 1:26%. Weather
clear. Track fast. Results: ;">..'.i.;.-:.
Six furlongs, selling— won, Georgia
second, Mocorito third. Time, 1:13%.
Seven furlongs— Thrive won, Rosa Diah sec
ond, Florizar third. Time, 1:27%.
Seven furlongs, handicap— May Beach . won,
Mlzpah second, Ande«(third. Time. 1:26%.
Mile and one hundred . yards— Serrano won.
Crocket second, Raffaelle third. Time, 1:45%.
Mile and a quarter, selling— Jim McCleevy
won. Croesus second, Plantain third. Time,
2:07%.
One mile, selling— lmp. Bitter Root won, Si
mon D second, Ed Tipton third. Time, V.H.
MAJOR TAYLOR BEATEN.
Placed in a Pocket the Negro Loses a
Hot Bace.
NEW BEDFORD, Mass., Aug. 26.— At
NEW BEDFORD, Mass., Aug. 26.— At
the National Circuit races at the Button
wood track to-day the attendance was
3000. In the one-mile championship Nat
Butler and Coleman had no difficulty in
qualifying, while the second trial. heat, in
which Major Taylor rode and won, was
too slow and had to be ridden over. This
time the major was placed in a pocket.
Bowler and Monroe beating him out for
a place. In the final heat Coleman, Llew
ellyn and Nat Butler were the prize-win
ners in the order named.
In the five-mile professional handicap
Major Taylor would not ride, and al
though Nat Butler had a hard field to run
against he won out. Munroe was a favor
ite and came in second.
In the one-mile match race between
Earl Peabody of Chicago and Archie Rol
lins of this city, the latter cut ahead of
Peabody on the home- stretch and Pea
body claimed a foul, but the referee would
not allow it and Rollins won. The second
heat was a dead one, and Rollins won the
final heat easily with a great spurt. Sum
maries: - i - - '-'';.'"~]l.-lll'
Two-mile handicap, amateur, final heat-
Archie Roll!?*!, New Bedford (scratch), won:
Earl Peabody, Chicago (scratch), second; Har
ry O. Swift, New Bedford (110 yards), third.
Time, 5:47 3-5. ■
One mile, national championship, profession
al—Watson Coleman, Boston, won: E. Llewel
lyn, Chicago, second; Nat Butler, Boston,
third. Time. 2:023-5.
Five-mile handicap, professional— Nat Butler,
Boston (scratch), won; Ben Monroe, Memphis
(125 yards), second; J. B. Bowler, Chicago (75
yards), third. Time. 11:18.
Mile match race between Earl Peabody of
Chicago and Archie Rollins of New Bedford-
Rollins won first heat in 2:15 2-5. The second
was a dead heat. Third heat won by Rollins.
Time. 2:26.
One mile. open, amateur— heat won by
Albert Tallandler. Paris: Earl Peabody, Chi
cago, second; Archie Rollins, New Bedford,
third. Time, 2:30 4-5.
DETROIT. Mich.. Aug. 26.— last day's
racing at Highland Park was thoroughly sat
isfactory. Weather fair; track fast. Results:
Six furlongs, allowances— Dave Waldo won.
Little Reggie second, Mamie Callan third.
Time, 1:16%.
Six and a half furlongs, the Highland Park
stake, selling— Carnival - won. Spring
Wells second. Our Lizzie third. Time, 1:21%.
Seven furlongs, selling— Tony Honlg won!
Chancery second, By George third. Time
1:31%. ■■■'■■
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Gal
lant won. "Wordsworth second, Colonel Cluke
third. Time. 1:50%.
Five furlongs, two-year-olds; selling—
won. SUtes second, St. Ira third. Time, 1:02%
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Pirate
won. Brother Fred second, Chopin third. Time
1:50%.. ;.-. ._ ... ,'
/ ■ ♦ ■ .
Advances made on furniture and pianos', with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
Sasi.
TAMPERED WITH
A GREYHOUND
A GREYHOUND
IN ITS KENNEL
George Malcolm's Van
Cloie Drugged.
BELLADONNA ADMINISTERED
UNION COURSING PARK OFF!
CLALS WILL INVESTIGATE,
Sapling Stake Brings Out Some Very
Clever Youngsters in the Dogs
Bock of- Ages and Bona
Fide.
George Malcom's brindle and white
greyhound Van Cloie was drugged while
in her kennel yesterday afternoon. Some
miscreant administered an overdose of
belladonna, which brought her to a stand
still in her course with T. Kelly's Wild
wood. Van Cloie was a three to one fa-
vorite and should, on form, have led her
opponent all the way. The opposite was
the case.
Van Cloie could not raise a gallop, lag
ging further and further behind. She tin
ally came to a standstill and had to be
helped back to her kennel. Her trainer.
"Mike" Nealon, had difficulty in saving
her life. He bled htr and administered
restoratives and finally brought her
around. "Some person gave her bella
donna," said Mr. Nealon when questioned
regarding the actions of the greyhound in
his charge. "It must have been given
while I was in the field, a half-hour be
fore. I had three dogs running in three
courses in succession, and that took my
two assistants into the field. I did not
notice anything the matter with her until
she was slipped to the hare."
Judge Bull rendered no decision on the
course, thus in effect declaring all bets
off. An effort will be made to punish the
guilty person if he can be found.
The coursing throughout the day was
excellent. The hares proved strong, a
number of them making good their escape.
Kock of Ages and Bona Fide ran well in
Rock of Ages and Bona Fide ran well in
the sapling stake. Rock of Ages was
the sapling stake. Kock of Ages was
drawn, his first course being a hard one.
drawn, his first course being a hard one.
For the open stake Gladiator is favor-
For the open stake GlaUiator is favor-
ite, with Royal Flush, Metallic, Lawrence,
ite, with Royal Flush, Metallic, Lawrence,
Ever Shore and Emm Pasha also in de-
Ever Shore and Emm Fasha also in de-
mand. In the saplings it is even money
mand. In the saplings it is even money
and take your pick. - - -'. •'
Of th> upsets yesterday Magnesia beat
Of th> upsets yesterday Magnesia beat
Ben Bolt at 1 to 6, Van Knapp beat Bonnie
Ben Bolt at 1 to t>, Van Knapp beat Bonnie
■ Scotland at 1 to 5, Lady Marian beat Gal-
Scotland at 1 to 5, Lady Marian beat Gal-
lant at 3 to 5, Rochester beat Magnet at 3
lant at 3 to 5, Rochester beat Magnet at 3
to 6 and Wandering Tom beat Aeneas at
to 5 and Wandering Tom beat Aeneas at
1 to 3. The detailed results of the running
1 to 3. The detallea results of the running
follow: W."
Sapling stake— George Ehmann's Target bea.t
John Wise's Imp; C. Bonner's Grafter beafc
John Wise's Imp; C Bonner's Grafter beart
Caveny & Joy's Juliette; G. H. Pinto's Glad
caveny & Joy's Juliette; G. H. Pinto's Glad-
hand beat George Ehmann's Jessie E; Pasha
hand beat George Ehmann's Jessie E; Pasha
Kennels' Rock of Ages beat Caveny & Joy's
Kennels' Rock of Ages beat Caveny & Joy's
Miss Thurlow; J. Connell's Green Isle beat Q.
Miss Thurlow; J. Conr.ell's Green Isle beat G.
H. Pinto's Mischief; George Sharman's Walt
a Bit beat J. H. Harrison's Happy Hoodoo; S.
a Bit beat J. H. Harrison's Happy Hoodoo; S.
K. Portal's SoDhie beat Fred Pring's Thunder-
E. Portal' s SoDhie beat Ered Pring' s Thunder-
bolt; George Lahnsen's Firefly beat a. j.
Kemp's Move Out; J. McNeil's Captain Byrnes
beat A. J. Kemp's Remember Me; Charles Bon
ner's Wild Nora beat J. Connell's Clover;
Julius Halm's Bona Fide beat Herzog & David
son's Pirate: J. Williams' California beat Joe
Mazzinl's Egyptian Princess.
Second round— Grafter beat Target; Gladhand
a bye; Walt a Bit beat Green Isle; Sophie beat
Firefly; Wild Nora beat Captain Byrnes; Bona
Fide a bye. ... ■'- --■ __,_,
Open Russell, Allen & Wilson Lady
Emma beat W. H. Jones' Prince Jerome; Pasha
kennel's Firm Friend beat J. Dennis' The
Devil; E. & R. Scott's I_ord Byron
beat J. Kennedy's Wine West; A. John
son's Lowlander beat T. H. Britt's San Mateo;
Ed Wilson's Magnesia beat Handy & Smith's
Ben Bolt; Aeneid kennel's Van Knapp beat F.
A McComb's Bonnie Scotland: W. H. Jones'
Rustan beat V. Guerrero's Silence; W. H.
Jones' Lady Marian beat James Dean* Gal
lant; J. Connell's Senorlta beat Aeneid ken
nel's Maid of Erin; Pasha kennel's Emm Pasha
beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's Wild Swede;
H F Anderson's Crawford Lad beat J. H.
Gladstone's Lamplighter; Pasha kennel's Metal
lic beat Aene,id kennel's Pretender; J. P.
Thrift's Brutus beat M. Letcher's Bull Hill; R.
E de B Lopez's Rochester beat Ed Wilson's
Magnet; F. A. McComb's Royal Flush beat J.
H Harrison's Hot Haste; Larkey & Rock's
Liberty Bell beat George Sharman's Miss Sky
rocket; P J Reillv's Still True beat W. Letch
er's Sandow- J Dean's Gladiator beat Handy
& Smith's Twin City Girl; T. Hall's Annie Lau
rie beat A. Johnson's Bald Eagle; P. J. Reil
lv's Wandering Tom beat Aeneid kennel's
Aeneas; J. Jones' Galivant beat Aeneid ken
nel* Butter Scotch; Sterl & Knowles' Wag beat
Aeneid kennel's Athenia: H. A. Deckelman's
Lawrence ran a bye; J. Kennedy's Ever Shore
beat A Johnson's Mountain Beauty; J. Con
nell's Log Boy beat H. Molena's Jessie Maid;
George Sharman's Wait a Little beat Handy &
Smith's Ida; R. E. de B. Lopez's Whitehead
beat T Harrington's Lord Marmion; J. Dennis'
October Woodcock beat H. W. Rike's Nancy
R* I F. Halton's Tic Tae beat W. Letcher's
Bryan; T. Kelly's Wlldwood beat Aeneid ken
nel's Van Cloie.
P. Brophv's Benicia Boy strayed away
from J. Matter's kennels at Fruitvale and
has been missing .some days. His owner
is anxious to secure some information re
garding the dog.
AT INGLESIDE.
Some Good Sport Witnessed
• by a Crowd at the
Coursing Park.
There was a fair crowd at the Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday to witness the
run-down in the open stake, the finals of
which will be run to-day. Of the several
long shots Nellie B was the best, at 6 to
1. The following is the result:
Open stake— P. Thrift's Forgive beat Bar
tel Bros.' Beer Brewer; H. A. Deckelman's Pet
Kirby beat A. Ohmeyer's Occidental; Murphy
& Toland's Tea Rose beat T. J. Cronin' s Rose
of Tralee; Handy & Smith's Victor beat J.
Seggerson's White Chief; H. Lynch's Loiterer
beat Kay & Trant's Carlotta: James Byrne's
Nellie B beat T. J. Cronin's Thornhill; Handy
& Smith's Petronius beat J. Seggerson's Can
delarla; Bartel Bros.' Mac's Melody beat T.
J. Gaff 's Sir John Arnott; Lowe & Thomp
I Continued on Fifteenth Page.
In CLEVELAND
IS A GOOD BICYCLE. 1
IS A 600 D BICYCLE.
'_A. _flS__t __***__ tm c?
£ $35
ts3s
$40
$50
OJU >§
. Visitors are invited to inspect
';'. the most complete Bicycle and
Sundry Store on the Coast. Bar- :
fT gains in Second-hand Wheels. i
LEAVITT & BILL, 3
309 LARKIN STREET. j
P : ■ --' '- - -.-■••-■ .
■HnHHHMDHHI
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rw
Y. .0N...
...0N...
Your Money |
| In 6 Months j
I
I ...AND... !
...AND...
NO RISK
I With the Probability
j With the Probability
| That It Will j
! Earn 1000%
When Oil Is
I Struck.
I A Business Opportunity,
Offering the Safety of
a Government Bond
Combined With a
Profit of a Spec-
ulation.
|
I
!The subscription to the stock of I
The subscription to the stock of
the Union Consolidated Oil and 1
Transportation Company has i
i been phenomenal. Never in the |
l history of California have the I
5 possibilities of a new industry |
. been so quickly and universally H
foreseen and appreciated! as the |
development of the recently dis- |
! covered oil fields of this State. |
| Other equally legitimate enter-* H
j prises, with apparently as bright |
; prospects of success, have ap-
s pealed to the California public
B™ time and time again, but in vain.
Within ten days from the date
the first block of treasury stock
j. was placed upon the market It
was all subscribed for. The sec-
B_ ond block was taken up in even
a shorter time. Many - hundred
shares more would have been m
subscribed for had the Board of |
Directors so allowed, but the |
plans of the company (as ex- |
plained in our prospectus) would |
not permit. That there must be |
B strong reasons for such unusual |
popularity as the Union Consoli- H
dated Company has experienced B
all thinking persons will unhesi- |
tatingly concede. If
lIF YOI HAVE
MONEY
To Invest, Where All
Risk of Loss Is 1
Eliminated, 1
Send for Free Prospectus Giving i
"Inside Information" |
PRICE GOES UP
I August 31.
Union Consolidated Oil and I
Transportation Go,, I
322=323 I
Parrott Building, I
I SAN FRANCISCO. ! IADVERTISEMENTS.
0-**-^*-»-*-»**£*-£-*f*s>-!^^ ilti-S»_.»__»__»S».tt»t*-M-»**-<*MO
_____________________________
I Golden toCiMß^Surrlloi^l I
li~ <SW 1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST. Jt| I
ft T?©jL » **> \ *?j ■ rl. ••&■
if **■ —** .j*****! j -■* "*^*^v'r * • jk -
&HM7 ~ »< t'^ ■*- -* V^KI9L 3T- "* *fr'
I f fir •' **,\ /-j fmi\ . |
| FALL WINTER SEASON j
FALL WINTER SEASON !
t
* ♦
I 1899=1900. : I
! : 1899=1900. I f
£ ♦ -».«».»«». «......^. *****
We have honestly earned and bear the reputation of offer** %
We have honestly earned and bear the reputation of offer* ♦
£ ing the most perfect fitting garments— best material at the ♦
•| lowest prices i -Table. %
*
* - — <*>
0
I Tailor-Made Suits, Jackets, Fur Capes, j
I Skirts, Etc. I
[
* ~ *
t THE PUBLIC MOST CORDIALLY INVITED. I
*
**
*
I GOLDEN GATE !
\ GOLDEN GATE !
| CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE, I
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE,
t 1230-1232-1234 Market Street. f
1230-1232-1234 Market Street.
♦ i
BROKE HER SHAFT
Accident to the Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Bonita Delays Her.
SANTA BARBARA. Aug. 26.— The Pa
cific Coast Steams Company's ship
Bonita. which runs between San Fran
cisco- and San Dieiro. came into port this
morning six hours late, having broken
- -
her crank shaft near Point Conception
last night. It was fixed so that a rate
of five or six miles an hours might be
made, and late this evening she left. She
She
will reach San Francisco about fortv
eight hours behind schedule time.
-»
Bank Cashier Sued.
I_._L.}lA. UnlO. AUg. ZD. — awcn.-iriaers nt
the late American National Bank, which
was mysteriously robbed of over JISjWW
on last Christmas eve, to-day* Sled a suit
a-rainst N. L. Michael, vice president,
pree
a.n<i Gus Kalb. cashier, to recover the
amount taken with Interest.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
You can order
You can order
Wieland's
Extra Pale
Exira Pale
from your grocer with
from your grocer with
assurance that you
will get full-money .
value. WielancTs beer
is made to please the
continuous consumer
—no profit in one
bottle of beer, o-iarta. ■*___.
half -pints.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
CaUfornia Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
People from the interior of the State
Peop'e from the Interior of t-e State
should not miss visiting
GUMP'S
GUMPS !
ART ROOMS and
ART ROOMS and
GALLERY.
GALLERY. j
113 GEARY STREET.
113 GEARY STREET.
Largest and finest coUection of works
Largest and ' -.ction of works
by the best European artists.
Latest imoortations and several first- :
class paintings from this year's Paris
Salon.
Oup Art Rooms Are Also Open
Our Apt Rooms Are Also Open
to Visitors.
to Visitors.
JOE POHEim. 1
JW My $15.50 suits 5
fjT made to order, Is the - B
mj^^ taik of the town ; the jl.
fSffi&Ki most stylish pants troth ||
*£, $4.50. Samples sent E
X Wts&a& ~~' *:'sr c°r'-t ?av'"l r,a S
*- vW^ ail i
:__:.»! 263 -y
ill- 'KS 201-SOO Montgomery fl
**3 ■9____r atreet. San Francisco. «
I ifflS 1110-111- Market H
•1 Sit tl street. San Franciaco. |*j
a II 101 l Wishu-fto*- x»
1 kI n street. Oakland. IX ,
j \K*JI 14.1 South Spring g
| J**s _/**J street. Log Angglea. Ca
»_________^ia«-li»»lM
NEW WESTER?! HOTEU
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, .
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RB-
mcdeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. Kuropean plaa Rooms, 50c to $1 -.0 day;
tt to » week; tt to $33 month.l Free bati-a; hot
and cold water every room. fira sra.ua la aver*
.-.a., elevator ruaa all tuftac.
WAR DECLARED
ON SUGAR TRUST
Prospects That Prices
Will Go Down.
MANY REFINERIES UNITE
WHOLESALE GROCERS MAY BE
THE SUFFERERS.
At All Events, to the General Con-
sumers Will Come a Golden
Harvest as a Result of
the Struggle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MILWAUKEE. Aug. 26.— At a confer-
M__l_WAUK_E___ Aug 86.— At a confer
ence of the independent dealers in sugar
sugar
in Milwaukee to-day it was determined
- M ■ -.ined
to throw down the gauntlet to the sugar
-ow down the gauntlet to the sugar
trust.
■
"James H. Post, general agent of the
* the
Moltenhauer Sugar Refining Company and
r Sugar % C rr. par.y and
the National Sugar Refining Company of
the N'i-: naJ Sag v tg Compar
New York, arrived at Milwaukee to-day
New Fork, arrtved at Milwau •
and conferred with George E. Keiser and
with George E. Keiser and
others interested in the fight in resistance
ght in resistance
to the American Sugar Refining Com
pany.
-
A statement was given out by Mr. Post
rJ D mt by Mr. Post
to-night, la which he says:
he --ays:
"The refineries net controlled by the
"The refineries r. - -:_.ed by the
American Sugar Refining Company have
- - r Refining Company have
a capacity of about 16,000 pounds of sugar
. I i of 5-igar
per day and they will certainly make
wiU certainly mak**
every possible effort to sell their sugars
let! their sugars
and if the American Sugar Refining Com-
rfcaa Sugar Refining Com
pany secures the bulk of the business, as
they seem to want ->, it will undoubtedly
be at prices that will mean large losses to
all refiners.
"We hope it will not be necessary for
us to make a price that will leave no
profit to the wholesale grocers, but if they
decide to enter into an agreement to han
dle only the American Refining Com
pany's sugars we will naturally be forced
to adopt methods to dispose of our sugars
that will make it unprofitable to the
wholesale srrocers who enter Into such an
agreement with the American Sugar Re
fining Company."
IGNORE GOVERNOR OF
STATE OF TEXAS
No Attention Paid by Mexican Au
thorities to His Warrant for
a Prisoner.
AUSTIN,. Tex., Aug. 26.— The Mexican
AUSTIN. Tex.. Aug. 26.— The Mexican
authorities continue to Ignore the two ap
authorities continue to ignore the two ap
plications made by Governor Sayers sev
plications made by Governor Bayers sev
eral weeks ago for the extradition of John
eral weeks ago for the extradition of J hn
Keeton, who is ln jail at Juarez, Mexico.
Keeton. who is in jail at Juarez. Mexico.
and wanted In Coleman. Tex., to answer
and wanted In Coleman. Tex., to answer
to the charge of complicity fn the robbery
- charge of complicity In the robbery
of the Texas and Pacific passenger train
and the murder of the fireman.
No reason is giver, for the failure of the
authorities of the State of Chihuahua,
Mexico, to grant the application for Keet
or.'s extradition, and no word of any kind
ha.-- been received by Governor Savers
from them for some time. An uncon
firmed report has reached here that Keet
on has been released from jail and that
he is now at large. Nothing whatever has
been heard from the second application
for his extradition on the charge of sheep
stealing. This second application was
made as a precaution In case the flrst ap
plication should be refused.
FAVORS UNITED ACTION
Congressman Needham Says Coast
States Have Many Interests
States Have Many Interests
in Common."'
in Common.
SEATTLE. Aug. 28.— Congressman-elect
SEATTLE. A'.i;r. 26.— Congr-sssroan-elect
James C. Needham .of Jlodesto, Cal..
Jamea C. Needham of M -lefto. Cal..
favors united actioh ia '.Congress by the
favors united aeti ok m Oonsrress by the
delegations of the Paciflc -Coast States.
deieg-Ttioiw of the Paciflc Coast States.
He says: - ' •.'•_". ■*.» ",;'
He says:
'There is a very 'strong sentiment
UDcraff the members* of the California
delegation in favor- of united action of
the Washington anS Oregon* delegations
ln Congress. The Interests of the Pacific
Coast States were never so much in com
mon as they are to-day. The settlement
of-the Philippine question, and the Nica
of the Philippine question a-n(i z^'- N-ca
ragua canal are the two ' problems in
which Washington. Oregon and California.
have a deep and vital interest."*
♦ ■ ,
Advances made on furnitnre aad' pianos, with
Advance* made on furnitnre and pianoa. wi-h
or without removal. J. Noonan. 11)17-11)22 Mlaalon.
or without removal. J. _t*a___|B_a JJ-7-W23 Miaaion.
■ m ■ *
■ ■ ■
New Oil Company
FRESNO. Aug. 26.— Articles of Incorpor- \
ation of the Os c Oil Company were filed ;
In the County Clerk's offlce to-day. The
capital stock has been placed at $100,000. i
divided Into as many snares of the par ;
value of $1 each. The amount actually
subscribed is. $60,000. .... t *•,..•.:
_.. m
See Keith's announcement, page twelve.*
See Keith's announcement, page twelve.*
THE SAX FEAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 27, 1899.
REPORTS UPON
WARDNER STRIKE
Statement by Genera!
Merriam.
PART TAKEN BY TROOPS
RIOTERS DID NOT SUFFER VERY
GREATLY.
General Declares That Ail Arrests
Were by the Idaho State Au
thorities and Not by
His Orders.
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug-. 26.— The report
of Brigadier General H. C. Merriam,
:omr__an<_er of the Department of the
Colorado. U. S. A., ln the miners'
riots in the State of Idaho was received
here to-day.
General —.am .elves a detailed his
tory of the events so far as he or the
troops under his command took part.
He shows that the arrests of alleged
participants in the riots were made by
the State authorities, the Federal
troops only acting as guards. At first.
he says, prisoners were quartered in a
large building: originally erected for the
storage of hay. Some suffering from
lack of fires and" bedding occurred, but
regarding the food furnished the gen
eral says:
"By dally inspections I satisfied my
self that the prisoners were being fur
nished abundant food and well pre
pared, although it sometimes unavoid
ably happened that meals were served
late and somewhat irregularly, owing
to the large number, irregular hours of
arrival and limited facilities for serv
ing." ______J-B|
When the building was full about 20"*'
prisoners were kept in boxcars. While
they were not comfortable. General
Merriam says they wen not compelled
to sleep on the ground, as were the sol
diers guarding them. Finally the gen
eral became dissatisfied with the
progress made In the erection of the
prison which the State authorities had
started and made a protest to Governor
Steunenberg, after which better prog
ress was made.
The report shows that the Governor,
not General Merriam. declared martial
law. and that the proclamation for
bidding the employment of uniou
miners in.the mines at Wardner man
ated entirely from the State authori
ties. Copies of teleerams and letters
from the Secretary of "War are given.
which show that his instructions were
to use his troops simply for the preser
vation of the peace, and his report
shows that he complied strictly with
i that piled str
his orders. According to General Mer
riam. about 700 arrests were made, but
only 528 were detained after the first
investigation. Of these three died, two
of disease and one suicide.
• I le.
PASSES CALLED IN
Railroads Are Complying With the
New Anti-Rebate Law.
New Anti-Rebate Law.
AUSTIN, Tex.. Au?. M.— The anti
rebate law passed by the last Stat.? Leg
islature went into* effect to-day. The law
makes it a felony, punishable by not less?
than two years In _h*_ penitentiary, 'for
my railroad company, official or employe
-
to give a rebate nr in any way seek to in
fluence the .-ourinjic ol shipments of
freight. A number of the roads interpret
the iaw to prohibit the issuance of free
transportation to any one not an em
ploye of the road, and there has been a
general calling ln of passes during the
- ■ -• few days.
•
Will Meet in Baltimore
DETROIT, Au?. 2-..— The Supreme Court
of the Foresters of America decided to-
i Foresters of Amer
day to hold its next meeting in Balti-
■1 its next neetiDg in Balti
more in 1501. The matter of selecting a
permanent headquarters -vas turned over
to the advisory board for final action.
It ii believed thar Pittsburg will be se
lected because of Its centra location.
Audience With the Pope
ROM Aug. It— Tlfe Pop*- to-day re
ceived in audience the Rev. VT. H. I.
. in audience the Rrv. W. H. T.
Reanoy, Catholic chaplain of the United
Statea cruiser Olympia.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DISEASED
DISEASED
FAT
FAT
FLABBINESS
FLABBINESS
can be cured, without wrinkles,
can be cured, without wrinkles,
sunken cheeks or flabby skin, by
sunken cheeks or flabby skin, by
the new
the new
Edison
Edison
Treatment ior Obesity
Treatment for Obesity
This treatment is scientific, sale
and certain. .It is successful in 99
and certain, it is successful in qq
cases out of 100. Its success is
cases out of iOO. Its success is
pureed by the fact that 75 per cent
pureed by the fact that 75 per cent
of our clients come to us through
of our clients come to us through
personal recommendation.
personal recommendation.
The dangers of obesity cannot
The dangers of obesity cannot
be exaggerated. Surplus fat clogs
be exaggerated. Surplus fat clogs
vitality and shortens life, besides
vitality and shortens life, besides
being disagreeable and inelegant.
being disagreeable and inelegant.
Dr. Edison's treatment consists
Dr. Edison's treatment consists
in the. use of his Obesity Pills and
in the use of his Obesity Pills and
Reducing Tablets.
Reducing Tablets.
9« Obesity Bemtilei bat Dr, Zdieoa'i Care Obesity.
5s Obesity Rjnu-tief but Dr Maaa » Care Qbeii.y.
MRS. HELEN MARTIN WAY. GEARY ST
San Francisco, writes as follows;
—I •_-<_•» fat very rapidly— lncreased in weirht
from 134 to ITS and had a serious liver trouble
In consequence. Dr. Thomas ail vised me to
use Dr. EtUaon's Obesity Pilla and Reducing
Tablets. Tbese remedies have reduced me
forty-one pounds in six weeks, cured my liver
trouble and improved my form and health.
I bought two of each kind."
• Dr. Edison's Obesity Pills and _toO_B___ac Tab-
lets are perfectly harmless, and strengthen and
Invigorate all who use tfiem. Obesity Reduc-
ing Tablets. 12 a box: Obesity Pill.*?. »i at) a
bottle. J bottles, enough for one treatment.'
Dr. Edison' 3 Reducing Tablets and Pills are
sweet, palatable and convenient to take.
Vie "send free our new edition of "HOW TO
CURE OBESITY,'.' 50 portraits and numerous
other illustrations. Tha^infarmation It con-
tain* la invaluable. FAT FOLKS SEND FOR
IT.
Free advice about obesity from our New York
Medical Department. Write and describe your
case. We forward goods promptly. No print-
ing on our'envetopea. Our goods are kept in
st.x-it by the leading druggists. - .
LORING & CO. Ltd.), Dept. 89, -12 West rd
at.. New Tort City.
fl p v JtAi ____w ■ a i** aa.
<x>©ooc><>c-<>©-^^
I Babies I
i 'D- 1% ■_#**_**>
Q Hush ! Don't you hear your baby cry ? Babies often grow peevish, fretful, restless and feel bad, poor Uttle 6
© things, without being able to tell you why. How much grow peevish, fretful restless and feel cause their ©
things, without being able to tell you why. How much the little innocents suffer, unable to tell the cause of their ©
8 distress ! It is almost always some trouble in their little insides, sour curd on the stomach, indigestion, wina- Sr
8 colic, bowel almost always some trouble in their little insides, sour curd on mother's milk mildly purgative, X
- colic, bowel compiaints, that start the ills of childhood. CASCARETS make mother's milk mildly purgative, X
X and increase the flow of -milk in nursing mothers. Mamma takes a Cascaret, baby gets the benefit. X
X and increase the flow of -milk in nursing mothers. Mamma takes a ' Cascaret, baby gets the benefit. X
© In this way, Cascarets afford the only safe laxative for babes in arms. ©
© In this way, Cascarets afford the only safe laxative for babes in arms. ©
4_y _^_*-Vl_lwW -aac* «-,l«l_j_JlneverT_^wlthow«CA__^_*J___ETm. Th.* xP
•© j^^S^^m^ ' -**a(-- «-« I .hall never be without CA_W._A_a_ST9. Th.-** SP
_J"C __d*-?§e^r _ea____^plM___§_Hi_____ *-*"--l*W *& new '.tea a portion of a tablet, cry for more. *-*•_ Nj
jC ___Pl2£l_r _§_3_^_p-*^^^^B_H ■BDH 'IST Tber are tte most pleasant mediciae I ha.*-* ceUX f\
JfC .___?2_R?_y _fi£_lsiw'^^^^H__3_§ fi_^?sß ■ler The? ara the mast pleasant medicine I have cen*J £\
%-r «-*l**_l-»«_r &&Z& tiLw __3!-*Bl_S *?up- eTer tried. Tbey have foaaJ •_ pennacent place ant*
Q lEy:'~-^^^ ANNUAL SALES, 5,000.000 BOXES. X
I & ANNUAL SALES, 5,000,000 BOXES. A
§ "■^g ta pr-cr ■ DRUGGISTS |
© CASCARETS are absolutely harmless; a purely vegetable compound. Ho mercurial or other mineral piH-pciscn in Cascaret*. Cascarets promptly, effectively aad permanently V
\S CASCARBTS are absolutely harmless, a purely vegetable compound. Ifo mercurial or other mineral piU-pciacn in Caacareti. Cascareti promptly, effectively and permanently V
;*0 cure every disorder of the Stomach. Liver and Intestines. not only cure constipation, but correct any and every form of irregularity of the bowels. -deluding diarrhcea and dysentery. C 3
/•£ Pleasant, palatable, potent. Taste good, do good. Never sicken, weaken or gripe. Be sure you get the genuine I Beware of imitations and substitutes ! Buy a box of CASCARBTS XV
\? to-day, and if not pleased in every respect, get your money back I Write us for booklet and free sample ! Address STERXIHG REMEDY CO2XPAHT, CHICAGO or HEW TORS. Jf
C*>C<>o<>oo<X>QC^
1 «____.________________— -------*-***********************************^^
INDEPENDENCE
FOR THE CUBANS
Formal Announcement
to Be Made Soon.
TROOPS WILL BE WITHDRAWN
AMERICAN RULE TO END WHEN
ORDER IS RESTORED.
President McKinley Will State the
Situation in His Proclamation
Ordering an Insular
Census.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.-
President McKinley -will make his first
official announcement to the Cubans that
they will have early independence in his
proclamation regarding the census of their
.-nation r«-_ £ their
and.
The word "independence" will not ap
pear in the document, which ha - been sent
to Governor General Brooke for issuance.
President McKinley will call attention to
the disordered condition prevailing in
Cuba since the war with Spain and the
■•temporary" occupation of the island by
the United States ror the purpose of form
ing a stable government.
When such government is established
the American troops will be withdrawn
and the Cubans will be left to govern
themselves. As soon as the census is ac
complished local elections wilL be con
ducted in the various provinces and a
civil Etovernment will be established,
which ""will enable the Cubans to show
what they can do in the way of governing
themselves.
No time is fixed by the President a3 the
limit of American occupation, but the
proclamation will show that the Cubans
will be permitted to govern themselves
as promptly as they prove themselves
:apable of self-government.
SANTA FE FORCED TO
LOWER ITS RATES
Has Quoted a Single Fare for the
Excursion Prom El Paso
to San Francisco..
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 26.— The Santa Fe
has been compelled to meet the m" of
the Southern Paciflc, and as an offset to
the latter company's one-fare rate from
El Paso to San Francisco for the businesa
men's excursion during September the
Santa Fe Paciflc has made practically a
similar tow rate to the same city from
all stations west of Albuquerque. These
tickets are good on September 'J and for
thirty days thereafter.
The rates quoted for this 'special occa
sion "by the Southern Paciflc, as well as
the Santa Fe. are but a trifle more than
the single fare rates from the several
points affected into Los Angeles.
The Santa Fe road is said to have been
averse to entering into the scheme of San
Francisco excursion, and only made the
low rates after the Southern Pacific Com
pany had done so to protect its own ter
ritory.
Thieves Broke Their Word.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 26.— Warrants
were issued here to-day for the arrest of
Kid Roy, Kid McGuire and John Doe.
The complainant is Miss Vina Baldwin.
who states that the men named robbed
her during the race meet here last week
of considerable jewelry. She further
states that all preparations had been
made to arrest them before they left
town, but they heard of it and promised
to return the stolen articles. She there
upon relented, but so far nothing ha 3
b<=-ea heard of them. Th- men are well
known to the San Francisco police.
Prominent Santa Bosan Dead.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 26.— R. Pi Legro,
one of this city's best known business
men, died at his home in this city to-day.
For years he was proprietor of the Star
feed mills and until his retirement about
a year ago on account of ill health was
prominently identified -with this city's
affairs. He was a member. of Ellsworth
Post G. A. R-, and also of the United
Workmen. He leaves a widow and four
children. The funeral will take place from
his late residence on Monday afternoon.
, _». - — .
Prevents Betting on Races.
CHICAGO, Aug. 28.— The injunction
issued Tuesday by Judge Smith of the
Circuit Court restraining betting on
horse races at the Harlem track became
operative to-day through the filing of the
$1000 bond exacted at the issuance of the
bond. This placea betting on the Har
lem track actually under the ban of-the
law The writ Is directed against the
Harlem Jockey Club, the Western Turf
men's Association and individual mem
bers of both organizations.. * .-. ; _:
Postoffiee Discontinued.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 25.— The Postmas
ter General to-day ordered the discon
tinuance of the postoffiee at Peck, Fla..
because of the recent whitecapplng of the
postmaster.
GIGANTIC OCTOPUS
AND SUNFISH FIGHT
Novel Battle WitQessed by toe
Crew of the BarK
Willscott.
VICTORIA, B. CL, Aug. 26.— Captain Peabody of the bark Willi
tells of seeing a gigantic octopus which fought with, vanquished and
feasted upon a mammoth sunfish about 8000 pounds in weight in the blue
Pacific some hundreds of miles out from San Francisco, in the sailing
course of vessels bound from Honolulu to Nanaimo.
In his entry in his log in relation to the deep-sea monster, he says:
"In latitude 30:30 north, longitude UM west, my attention was called by
the quartermaster, Frank Bostock of San Diego, to a terrible commo
tion in the water about three points forward of the lee beam. Our
first thought was that it must be breakers on an uncharted reef, but
while we were watching the breaking of the water ceased. Then we
distinctly saw the outline of two objects on the surface, one much larger
than the other. We at once got our telescopes to bear on them and dis
covered the smaller of the two was a very large sunfish curiously
shaped teh, all head and no body, having no tall but an topper and
lower fin, with which it propels itself about in a very lazy fashion. It
appeared to be fully twelve feet in diameter, and judging from small
er ones we have caught, it must have weighed 3000 pounds. It appeared
to be endeavoring to keep its face to its adversary, which turned out
to be a huge octopus, the length of whose body was certainly forty feet
and the breadth about twenty-five feet, with eight tentacles.
"The ship approached the objects, which remained stationary, re
garding each other curiously for five minutes. Suddenly the octopus
discharged a huge stream of colored fluid full in the face of the sun
fish, then rushing, It encircled it with its tentacles, and both disap
peared beneath the water. The water was blackened for about two hun
dred feet and an odor like line arose. About twenty minutes after we
saw th- huge creature again on the surface, rolling the sunfish over
and biting large mouthfuls with his cruel-looking beak.''
INTERESTS THE COAST
Land Office Decisions, Army Changes
and Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 26.— The Commis
sioner of the General La: a Office has
affirmed the decision of the lo<*al offiot
ln the case of the United States vs.
George W. Thing, involving land d the
Los Aneeles - land district rejecting the
entry. Archibald Campbell has petitioned
that said land be restored to entry.
Army orders: By direction of the Assist
ant Secretary of War, the following named
enlisted men. now at the stations desig
nated, having enlisted under false pre
tenses, will be discharged without honor:
Recruit William R. Vallely. Fourteenth
Infantry, unassigned, Presidio. San Fran
cisco: Acting Hospital Steward Adolph G.
Kneiss. hospital corps. PhiliDpine Islands.
James F. Ogle, Troop D. Sixth Cavalry,
Fort Reno. Oklahoma, is transferred to
Troop H. Fourth Cavalry. He will be
sent to the Presidio, San Francisco, and
upon his arrival report to the command
ing officer, who will furnish him trans
portation to the Philippine Islands.
A©©©©©©©©©o©©©A©©©©©©©oo©©©©©A©©©-9AAAAA*^ao©©eo©e-9©©©©©€G©9©e«s©©©do
.a -'- " ' "-£'* ' ' . ©
• i piißr v aripapfi n !
I v witn ©
• s>- System of Treatment §
f^ °f Treatment •
• IP il[§w fe Which Positively Cures This |
| a Dreaded Affliction. §
2 «T* j _>**"*"-'",**»*_-'-*""^-i§i-3fc >w- ■*" "-w _B_g*-i a sufferer from Varicocele is sulTject to a constant ©
a HK--- ___) v^"*-"**-^^ x*'*^:=C?=!i^. -*****--<v Opiate *~t \ drain upon his vital strength. It. is. an exhausting, nn- ©
T tfc, A -*V *^ l drain upon his vital strength. Ft is an exhausting, ur- #
2K& ■r*,**j fe >?*•*- * '7^<._fe 7 ».l dermlning disease, and every day that it exists is a men- 9
*"• |?*fe^ *iw "___ls^<s-*-^:_^^^e-^-.'' X s -*l ace to health. It destroys the physical and mental vigor 9
£ \&££&£/i- )JU^^^S^^^*^^^^^^^^t^s^tt4^M\ ol* thousands at men. and few of them really know what ,9
2 it Is that is breaking down their vitality. <g
© §sFa,~rL_ -he veins become swollen., the blood congests, the
© ./^jCO^^^^^ -'-fS^ "**2-"-. i/ 4&c* parts get weak and relaxed, th-3 vital strength drains
_^_<&*l * ''/r%s away and soon all power of manhood is gone. _$
jT^^ra^^S^^^^^^^^^^? &W& This awful disease can be cured. I have cured five q
9 _2___S____________S^^____^-^>ia_^_§---C'? _R__l__r This awf-]i dis-ase m. I have our-=>d five a
© JS^S-ma^B^^^^^^yy^^^^" _: JmmtimiS&f&if^ thousand cases in the past twenty years *■•■* one with £
/^feJ-%''^-_3Je^-i^_^" -/^"~ *==r R'-*'"'-_fl#^--"-' -■ am the originator of a new method of treating
9 -^ — -,f^=ir^i^^^j^^^fei--^^^^-^ lam the originator of a new method of treating ~
• g^^gSggl^r-^g-^g^*^ **-I|JSSIO^7 Varicocele. It is the only me-'.-. of any kind that has q
j THE DR. McLAUfiHUN METHOD. |
! THE DR. McLAUfiHLIN METHOD. |
i \ soothing current of Electricity is applied direct to the parts from my approved body appliance I have a +
A A soothing current of Electricity is applied direct to the parts from my approved body appnance I have a 9
A special method of application which never fails to decompose th*- congestion. It gives a new impetus to the cir- #
q culation restoring the strength and completely reducing ail swelling. Q
\r* Tt will cure the worst case in two months. '' _ «______.■■_.*. ,9
• My aDDlknce gives a steady, powerful current of Electricity into the body while you sleep. It has a perfect q
% regulator to control the current It cannot burn nor blister, and yet you can feel the life-giving power. I guar- #
ft rntee it for one year without any expense after first cost. ©
S CDCC PftlW —It is the cheapest and best electric appliance for body wear on the market to-day. Call and #
5 rlitt DUUfI.. test it free, or send for my free book. - - ©
S fin 11 1 llAl Ilinill 111 702 Market. Cor. Kearny, ow**-** ■*■■» ■-**■*■■* •»»»»■ #
• MX M fl MPI UIHi HI lnl S.F..andPurdickBicck. Sunday*. 10 tcl. 9
InRM fl Mnl -AllfiHl :- I N '"' ™aJSt^s^sssss,y- o,i" "zzx-ru""" 1
9 Uill If 1 1 s*l 111 L II U 1 1 L I 1 1 1 Car. Ssnag aad S«Msd. U» Aagaln. NEVER SOLD i.X DRUG STORES. ©
999+91^99999+9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999
Private Ira A. Thorp, Troop I. Fourtl
Cavalry, casual detachment. Presidio. Sai
Francisco, is discharged from the service
Pensions — California: Original — Georg.
W. Corey, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles
t(5: ■ — C. Foster, Freshwater. $6. Re
Benson C. Bellamy. London, $14.
Washington— lncrease: Thomas Davis
Dlffa, $12 to $17.
*■. ,
Guatemala Neeotiates a Loai
Guatemala Negotiates a Loai
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1539, by J.imes Gor-
don Bennett.
PANAMA. Aug. Guatemala advices
state that the Government has obtained
a loan of J2.500.000 from local banks, which
are authorized to issue the equivalent in
paper currency.
Ex-Governor Merrill Better
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 2fi.— The condi
tion of ex-Governor Samuel Merrill of
[ova is greatly improved to-night and the
physicians are now hopeful of his . re
rnvMT. ' "-
FREIGHT BLOCKADE
AT SOUND PORTS
The Demand for Transports Has Se
riously Crippled the Steam-
. ; Companies.
ship Companies.
VICTORIA. Aug. 26.— The demands of
Lhe United States Government for steam
ers for transport service is being most
severely felt by exporters who are doing
business with China and Japan. The fleet,
crippled by the Government demands,
:annot carry anything like the amount of
freight that is offered and it Is beginning
to pile up at Sound and British Colum
bia Dorts. There is a bij? freight blockade.
When all the steamers— the three Em
presses, the two freighters Athenian and
Tartar, the six Northern Pacific liners and
■
the three Japanese ■-—were in serv
ice all were filled on each outward trip,
and at times more freight was offered
than could be carried. Now the Athenian
than N >* I
and Tartar have become transports, both
being now on their way to the Philip
pines; the Arizona, the biggest of the
Northern Pacitic fleet, has for some time
been a troopship; the Victoria has been
-
impressed, and now comes the news that
three other vessels of the Northern Pacific
line have been taken, leaving the line "out
one steamer, the Olympia, to do the busi
ness, which has grown to such proportions
that the six vessels were taxed to their
utmost.
The last vessel to be chartered is the
■ red is the
Tacoma. now t.lui- from the Orient. She
will be turned over to the United States
Government as soon as her cargo is dis
charged. The Columbia was taken just
as she was preparing to load for tha
Orient at Portland, and the big Glenogie
"
tias also been chartered, and on her arri
val from the East will also become a
aie a
transport. This leaves only the Em
presses, the Japanese liners, and the lone
ly liner Olympia to handle the Oriental
business from the British Columbia and
Puset Sound ports, whereas before the
white man's burden was taken up by
v -
Uncle Sam Instead of several vessels. A3
it present, ther--* were fourteen running
rot of this port to the Orient.
Some of th*-* Alaskan i«-*wt has b»t->n
taken, too. but it will not be missed so
much as the Oriental liners, as the ves
sels now running to the north are sufil
:ient to handle all the business offered.
KILLED BY STORMS
Oil Tanks Set on Fire by Lightning-,
and Catastrophes Result.
and Catastrophes Result.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Aug. 26.*— A severe
storm' is reported in the northern part of
Ohio. The general direction is. south
east. Nine oil tanks were set on fire
by lightning in Wood County and 'totally
destroyed. WilHam Doust. an oil (_rt!l?r,
was severely shocked and will probably
die. At Frakeysburg Mrs. William Gar
rett was struck and instantly killed.
i -
Wa--r Contract Le
ULfcA^biJJi^. Aug. -Js.— me city offi
cials of Oceanside have voted to secure
flfty inches of water from the proposed
Pauber reservoir system to-be eonstro-ct
ed by George Chaff ey and associates.
The water is to be delivered by June 1,
1301. - The owners of the Guajame ranch
and other landowners are arranging, to
contract' for 200 inches of water from the
910
MURDEROUS BULLETS
CLAIM TWO VICTIMS
Deputy Sheriff J. B. Brown and
Fannie Barnes Instantly Killed.
Terrible Dual Murder Committed in a Fol-
som-Street Lodging-House by George
Tanner, a Saloon-Keeper,
DEPUTY SHERIFF JAMES B.
BROWN and a woman variously
known as Mrs. Fannie Barnes,
"Mrs. Pauson" and "Mrs.
Brown," were shot and almost
Instantly killed yesterday afternoon by
George Tanner, a saloonkeeper.
The scene of the shooting was in the j
hallway of the St. Malo Hotel, 503 Fol-
Rom street, corner of First, and after the I
PRINCIPALS IN THE TERRIBLE DOUBLE MURDER.
murderer had done his deadly work he
went back to his room and coolly placed
the revolver in his bureau drawer. He
was taken into custody by Officer Whittle
and brought to the Harbor police station
and charged with the double murder.
Each of the victims received a bullet
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BED
HEADS
May be Covered
May be Covered
With
With
HAIR
by
(uticufy
When all else fails. It clears
When all else fails. It clears
the scalp of crusts and scales,
soothes irritated, itching sur-
faces, and when used in con-
nection with gentle applications
of Cuticura, purest of emollient
skin cures, it stimulates the hair
follicles, supplies the roots with
energy and nourishment and
seldom fails to make the hair
grow in the most hopeless
cases.
Md throns-IK-ml the world, Prtce, CTTICTTBA
Ktl! -i.-Yr : c BI*CII R-*- ' '*'•» TAI EST. ftOc POT-
IhK l)tt_ (i AND CUEM. CORP., Bole Prop*.,
•oncou. bend lor "Haw to Pro-rent BaldscM," Ute.
In the abdomen from a 44-caliher pistol of
the bulldog type and are now at the
Morgue. When Tanner commenced firing
Brown and the woman retreated toward
the back porch, where they both fell.
Neither of them spoke after being shot.
Mrs. Barnes died almost Immediately
and Brown gasped his last a few minutes
alter. Both were fully dressed and had
come in from the eKreet, and were pre
paring to go out to supper.
The dead woman was 38 years of age
and not at ail prepossessing, and Brown's
friends cannot imagine why he "took
up" with her. It Is said that she has a
husband living in this city named Pau
son and also a son, who works in the
Emporium. Pawson left her in Philadel
phia some years ago and she followed
him out here, but he would have nothing
to do with her. She "took up" with
Brown, who is divorced from his wife.
Brown has a daughter 17 years of age.
He has three brothers, William, Patrick
and Joseph Brown, all stevedores.
The stories of the terrible crime differ
as to who was the aggressor in tha
tragedy. According to Tanner, who made
a statement immediately after the occur
rence, it appears that he had met Brown
on Kearny street, near Broadway, at 3
o'clock yesterday afternoon and after a
few words Brown punched Tanner in the
mouth and threatened to kill him. Tan
ner left and returned to the lodging
house and there began to quarrel with
Mrs. Barnes. The woman then left the
house and sought out Brown, telling him
that Tanner had struck her. Brown re
turned with the woman and according to
Tanner's version this is what occurred:
"Brown came to my room," said Tan
ner, "and knocking on the door said:
" 'Come out, you , and I will do you
up.'
"I went to the door, opened it and he
grabbed me by the throat, at the same
time saying that he was going to kill
me. I struggled with him and he threw
me on the floor. All this time Mrs. Barnes
was striking me in the face, and when
I was down, thinking that I was going to
be killed, in the excitement I pulled mv
pistol out of my pocket and shot four
times. I did not intend to kill anybody,
but I had to defend myself. I am sorry
it occurred, but it had to be done."
The story of Louis Mille, the proprietor
of the lodging-house, which is corrobo
rated by several lodgers in the house,
differs from that of Tanner In that they
all agree that Tanner ordered Brown out
of his 'room with threats to kill him.
The story of Mille Is corroborated in the
main by several boys who live in the
house— John Lambert, who rang up the
police, Charles Thurston, John Lambert
and William Aufenanger. They all agree
that Tanner invited Brown to come out
of his room and he would kill him. When
Brown did so the struggle with the fatal
result began. The men rolled over the
hallway and Brown got Tanner up against
the door of another room with his hands
tightly clutching his throat. When they
went to the floor Tanner cried out "let me
up and when Brown released him Tanner
began to shoot and Brown cried out:
"I'm gone. I'm done for."
Brown reeled out toward the back
porch, and Mrs. Barnes, who by that time
appeared upon the scene, began to scream,
saying: "He has killed my husband," and
the second bullet sped into her body. She
followed Brown onto the porch, where
they fell and died within two feet of each
other.
Tanner claims that Brown had assaulted
him twice befoie, and he showed a bruise
on the inner part of his lip administered
by Browns fist yesterday afternoon on
Kearny street. When he was In the cell
at the Harbor Station he was asked why
he had committed the deed, and replied:
"I had to. Brown and Mrs. Barnes have
been trying to do me up. but I did not
have the proof until to-day."
When asked what that proof was, Tan
ner said:
"Weil, Mrs. Phillips, who rooms in the
house, told me «some time ago that Mrs.
Barnes wanted her to do me up, that is,
to get money away from me. I could not
accuse Mrs. Barnes of this, because Mrs.
Phillips and her husband were up at Lake
Tahoe and only returned to-day. As soon
as they came home I hunted Brown up,
and meeting him on Kearny street this
afternoon I told him about it, and that I
wouldn't let them do me up any more. At
that he began to assault me, and I went
back home."
Tanner Is an Englishman, 57 years of
age, and came to this city in 1874. He fol
lowed the sea for many years and has
been a mate, on several vessels. Some
years ago he went into the saloon business
and opened two places at 108 and 242 Steu
art ajtreet, Aboitf plsht jtaonth^ ago, ho
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 27, 1899.
MEN WHO FOUGHT IN THE BATTLE OF
MANILA BAY HOME ON THE BOSTON
CRUISER BOSTON RETURNS AFTER A LONG STAY AT MANILA. •
THERE was no welcome for the
cruiser Boston yesterday. The
vessel that played such an import-
ant part in the battle of Manila
Bay steamed into port and no more
attention was paid to her arrival than
would be given an ordinary merchant
man, save that she was saluted as
she passed up to her anchorage by the
battery on,Alcatraz, and the battleship
lowa.
The Boston left Manila on June 8
and on her way here stopped at Naga
saki, Yokohama and Honolulu. The
run from the latter port was made in
nine days. She came in flying the
homeward bound pennant, which says
she will go out of commission here. On
her decks were sun-browned men who
fought under Dewey in Manila Bay,
others who cruised on her among the
Philippines; some who were on the
Charleston when Guam was captured,
others who were in the fight off San
tiago and a few who made the famous
voyage on the Oregon from San Fran
cisco to Cuba-
Shot and shell poured thick and fast
on the cruiser as she steamed with
Dewey's fleet into Manila Bay and a
few scars show where the fighting
sold out and bought another place on |
Mission street, near East, which he sold
six months ago. Since then he has done :
nothing but spend his money, and accord
ing to his story most of it went on Mrs.
Barnes. -X.'-^ir;
iiimmiii ■ _■■■■■ ■ ■ ■ i irr—i ill i " i—l___l i iiiium ll inn ■■■
See our show windows for the greatest
bargains ever seen in San Francisco in dress
trimmings and laces.
Alteration Sale
Noise and discomfort deter from shopping,
Noise and discomfort deter from shopping,
but the values offered this week will repay
you for any inconvenience due to the exten-
sive alterations in progress at present.
Underwear Bargains
Children's imported Ho- Children's imported Ho-
henzollern natural wool un- henzollern natural wool
der wear in vests, pants and
drawers; all sizes, regular combination suits, regular
price according to size, price $2.80 a suit, sale price
$1.50 to $2.45, sale price
$1.25 each $1.50
See our hosiery bargains.
Ladies' Kid Gloves
odd sizes and colors
Made by Maggioni and Trefousse in glace
and suede, button or mousquetaire; fitted if
desired and guaranteed; former price $1.50, $2
■ and $2.25, now on sale at
£ Oc a pair
Dress Silks
Checks, stripes, plaids and brocades, all
food shades and desirable patterns; worth
1.25, $1.50 and $1.75, now on sale at
M Oc a yard
£ UC a yard
Figured Velours, 28 inch, ' For evening wear— em-
m shades •of copper, na- broidered and spangled chif-
tional blue, reseda myrtle, fon, figured silk net, and
olive green and scarlet; suit- <„„,_ J', , 
able for sofa pillows, couch J*"** colored grenadine,
and chair covers,- mantle former prices $2.75, 2.50,
drapes, etc., reduced from 2-35» •■•9O and 1.50, sale
75c to price
50c a yard 50c a yard
<9viWtf_W^S
135 to 131 Kearny St.
135 to 131 Kearny St.
- - — ■ — * — —■*- . __ _ ": —
machine was struck. our spanisn
shells got home. One struck the port
side forward, passing through the
hammock netting and piercing the
foremast, and another smashed in a
plate in the stern and the two others
did no material damage. The Bos
ton's own fire destroyed three of her
boats and badly damaged a couple of
others. Since then the cruiser has been
on the drydock at Hongkong and
thoroughly overhauled. All traces of
her fight with the Spanish fleet has
disappeared and the vessel Is now in
first-class order.
There are many relics of the war on
the Boston. In Lieutenant-Command
er Hughes' quarters is a painting of
the Queen Regent of Spain. It is sup
posed to be the work of some Filipino
artist and is a good likeness of the
mother of Alfonso XIII. The ship's
bell came off the Spanish gunboat Don
Antonio de Ulloa (the Boston's was
cracked by a fragment of a shell dur
ing the battle) and a very elaborate
affair it is. too. Almost every man on
the ship has some memento of the
war. Ugly looking daggers, curios,
knives, curved swords and odds and
ends from every island in the group
are stored away in the sailors' diddy
boxes.
The officers of the Boston are: Lieu
tenant-commander, E. M. Hughes;
lieutenant-commander, W. H. Allen;
lieutenant, J. Gibson; lieutenant, G. R.
Slocum (junior grade); lieutenant, R.
E. Coontz (junior grade); ensign, W.
A. Moffett; ensign, O. P. Jackson; en
sign, E. McCauley Jr.; passed assist
ant surgeon, B. R. Ward; assist
ant surgeon, J. S. Chaffee; passed
assistant paymaster, B. P. Dußois;
chief engineer. R. T. Hall; assistant
engineer. L. F. James; assistant en
gineer, H. I. Cone; second lieutenant,
U. S. M. C. L. J. Magill; acting gun
ner, L. J. Wallace; acting carpenter,
W. Boone; pay clerk, W. D. Bollard.
On the day of the battle of Manila
Bay, Captain Frank Wildes was in
command of the Boston. Captain
Whiting took the cruiser as far as
Hongkong. On his arrival there he
found his wife seriously ill and re
mained behind to nurse her. Lieuten
ant Commander Hughes then assumed
command. Lieutenant-Commander W.
Shot Into the Crowd.
Animated by an exalted idea of his own
importance and a liberal load of celebra
tion whisky, an unknown man attempted
to force his way through the. crowd that
H. Allen was on the Oregon during the
battle of Santiago. Lieutenants Slo
cum and Coontz were on the .
Charleston during the taking of
Guam. Ensign Jackson was at
tached to the St. Paul, and Ensign
McCauley was attached to the Brook
lyn before joining the Boston. Assist
ant Surgeon Ward and Paymaster Dv
Bois were formerly with the Bennington.
Chief Engineer Hall was formerly
with the Pensacola and later on the
Petrel. In his report to the
Secretary of the Navy on the '
arsenal at Cavlte, Admiral Dewey
said: "Much credit is due to
Chief Engineer R. T. Hall, U. S. N.,
who has charge of the steam engineer
ing department and has conducted it
with energy and ability." Assistant
Engineer Cone was on the Baltimore
before joining the Boston and Lieuten
ant L. J. Magill received two brevets
for bravery in the Cuban campaign.
Besides her officers the Boston carries
a crew of 211 bluejackets and 28 mar
ines. These men were gathered from
the other ships of the fleet. Nearly all
of them are time-expired men and
have come home to be paid off. .
Of all the men on the cruiser Lieu
tenant Gibson and Passed Assistant
Engineer James were the only men
who saw the battle of Manila Bay
from her decks. The Boston was sixth
in the column and brought up the rear.
Passing in. several shots were fired
from the Spanish batteries and two
shots were sent back from the Boston.
At 5:35 of that memorable May day
morning the battle began and for two
hours the brave men on the cruiser
fought like demons. At 7:35 A. M., in
obedience to a signal the Boston.with
drew and the men had breakfast. At
11:10 A. M., the battle began again and
continued until the Spanish ships were
all either burned, sunk or ~ sheltered
behind the arsenal of Cavite. In his
report to Admiral Dewey, Captain
Wildes said his officers and men bore
themselves with courage and spirit and
it gave him great pleasure to so state.
He also bore testimony to the courage
and resolution of the Spanish fleet,
saying the Spaniards defended their
vessels until all hope was gone.
The Boston is anchored off Folsom
street wharf and will remain there un
til she goes out of commission.
lined Market street opposite Eighth last
night. The crowd would not give way
and the drunken fellow drew a revolver
and tired several , shots, which almost
struck Ollie Partington of 1310 Eighteenth
street. The woman was so shocked that
she fainted and had to be taken to the.
Receiving Hospital on a stretcher, but she
recovered .soon after. During the excite
ment caused by the shooting the murder
ous fellow made his escape.
To-Day Amateur Day.
To-day will be amateur day at Glen
Park. There will be singing, dancing,
eakewalking and recitations, all by
amateurs. They will "compete for a
special prize offered by the park man
agement. The professional numbers
will consist of the following artists: A
comedy sketch, by Bragg and Ashton,
gymnastics by Cunningham and La
Jess; Ada Sweeney, the ballad singer,
and Harry Fay, the monologist.
NOT HOBARLAN.
The sister of Thomas Hobarlan, sup
posed to be the drowned man found
floating near Spear street wharf last Fri
day morning, visited the Morgue yester
day forenoon to view the body. She in
formed Deputy Coroners Sullivan and
(lately that her missing brother had cer
tain designs tattooed on each arm. The
deputies ripped open the shirt sleeves of
the corpse and found that the man's arms
had not been tattooed. The features were
not so badly swollen as to bo unrecogniz
able and the young lady declared unhesi
tatingly that the' dead man was not Ho
barlan. ;;•,.. . -;;..
Hobarlan has been missing since Au
gust 14. lV . ■■•:■
Home Again. Get the Wasp's souvenir
of the California Volunteers' return.
Thirty-two pages of war pictures. For
sale at all newsdealers. 25 cents. *
Finland on the Warpath.
Edward Finland, a laborer, went into a
saloon at 29 Geary street yesterday after
noon and began to hurl crockery around,
to the consternation of the patrons and
waiters, who narrowly escaped being hit
by the broken pieces. Mat Tuttick, a
waiter, attempted to eject the fellow, who
resented being interfered with. He drew
a knife and slashed the waiter's coat, but
was disarmed before doing any further
damage. He was arrested. *'
"Cars stop here," this ls the sign
The Market-st. Railway wish to define.
Pegamoid Aluminum does lt for them;
Opposite "Call Bldg." 'tis a gem.
■ m .
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Dr. Leonard J. Garver's second address
in the series of life lessons to men will be
given at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
streets, this afternoon at 3 o'clock, his
subject being "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde;
or, the Dual Nature of Man." Special
music, and all young men invited.
■ ♦ ■
* Keith's French hats, new French hats.
Keith's Opening, September 1 and 2. •
■ m •
May Have Been Doped.
W. N. Ross, a nickel-in-the-slot ma
chine agent from San Rafael, was taken
to • the Receiving Hospital . unconscious
last evening. Dr. Robinson by great ef
fort saved his life. It is believed that he
received "knock-out drops" of some de
scription while in the city. He collapsed
suddenly at the ferry depot while In com
pany with J. M. Sibbs, a Berkeley stu
dent. ••>;-• ;•-*:;.; ■*i:::i
■ - — ■ -» i —
Ladies' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks
Credit. M. Rothschild. 334 Post St.
» m I — ■ .
Letter Carriers' Convention."
Conrad Trieber, vice . president of the
Letter Carriers' National Association, will
leave to-day for Scranton, Pa., where the
tenth annual convention of the association
will be held, beginning September 4.
■ 1 m «
'■■■ ' — "— "* — *.**'■* ■ '"' ■^^-■"''■'-"•w
Keith's leading millinery houso for the
new, walkers. 808 Market street* . •■-*•- '-* *?• .;■*.
.___« — . i_i.-,_...... ,..,,.), ', I _...._.^^___... . .. .f _./ L
ADVERTISEMENTS. -*•--••«■
New
_______ •
Dress Fabrics!
~?^v
This week we will" show an
This week we will" show an
elegant variety of New Dress Goods
for Fall wear, and among the novel-
ties we will exhihit are the follow-
ing.
CAMELS-HAIR HOMESPUNS, 50 inches wide,
mixed effects, for tailor and outing suits,
91.-2S Yard.
52-inch CAMELS-HAIR CHEVIOTS, in two-
toned and mixed effects, all new colorings,
91.00 Yard.
WIDE WALE CHEVIOTS, in new shades of
hlue and Burgundy, warranted all wool
and 50 inches wide,
91.00 Yard.
ALL WOOL GRANITE SUITINGS, in all the
new fall colorings, full 45 inches wide.
75c Yard.
46-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY WEAVES, in
small patterns and latest colorings,
91.00.
ospnfwt4
%~s 7** 'Art
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET-
111. 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
I "painless" |
j is our motto! I
\HS EVENINGS until 9. Sundays J^
3 Subset or Teeth. "VAN VROOM" %
•"5 painless extractions Vr\ll T Jt\ V/V/ 1T X.
1 «=S free $4 00 up 2=-
■=s gow crowns. 22-k 350 up 997 Market St., Corner Sixth. 2£
*=*5 Fillings 25c up J^
5* Jeeth ;: Without Plates our GEO. W. KLEISEB, D.D.S. 2F
*=*J Specialty. We give gas. * 2_>
%mmmmmmmmmmmmfmmfmM.
I Cash, or 1
Little=at-a-Time, |
I=l $4^ Pjf
W -" I
A Child's Three-quarter Hard- g
A Child's Three-quarter Hard-
wood Crib, with brass trimmings, §
■ at the remarkably low price of $-1 50 te
for this week. ||
A complete line of Baby Car- B
riages and Chairs. And, remember, S
although you pay us a-liUlfi-*at-a- N
time, no other house in San Fran- M
cisco will make you as low prices B
as ours. * * , |j
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.), |
1017-1023 MISSION STREET, |
f_bove Sixth- §1
Phone Sonti 14. , - Open E» .rungs. I
■■____________________MMHfli________n___lM___________l
It's
Good Coffee
Good Goff cc
WE ARE
TALKING ABOUT.
Try
Great American Imii«rtiD£ Tea Co.
Great American ImpertiiiE Tea Co.
Big Presents Free.
r STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORES.*— •
CAFE WSJW
--**■*-._ j^.*^.*»
MR. LEO BABAYAN,
OF TEHERAN, PERSIA,
Has Brought a Superb Collection of *
PERSIAN
TURKISH
FINE ANTIQUE
FIXE ANTIQUE
RUGS. CARPETS, Etc.
RUGS, CARPETS, Etc.
He Haa Consigned to Me the Entire Stock to
Sell Out at
AUCTION!
Without Unit or Reserve, at
Without Limit or Reserve, at
! 117 SUTTER STREET,
117 SUTTER STREET,
Opposite Nathan, rv>hrmann & Co.'a.
SALE COMMENCES ON I
WEDNESDAY, August 30th,
At 2:30 d. m. Daily.
At 2:30 p. m. Daily. : >c v.:
. Goodß on View Tuesday. Catalogues.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
Right
Right
Glasses
Glasses
Always ease the eyes. When made by us they
Always ease the eyes. When made by us they
also bring ease and comfort to the nose. New
, clip. Don't slip; firm and easy grip; 50 cents.
Bausch & Louh Stereo- Glasses at whole-
sale and retail. Send for pamphlets. Free.
Quick repairing. Factory on premises. Tele-
phone Main 10. Oculists', prescriptions filled.
OPTIC.ANS<HOT>^^»*C'^
642 Market st. instruments
642. Market St., instruments
'tmtttt CHomcvt nou m**-*.
'unatß CHomcie nui- tiixi.
000000000000000000
jS *.».*• PALACE *■"■!>%
tw PALACE '"ft
GRAND HOTELS O
? SAN FRANCISCO. T?
X :.." SAN FRANCISCO. T
" Connected by a covered passageway. ™
9 1400 Rooms— OOO wi h Both Attached. ©
O 1400 Rooms— OOO wi h Bath Attached. ®
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PBICES: * O
O NOTE THE PBI0E8:""* O
O European Plan. per day and upward Q
A American Plan. !*>3.oo per day and upward Z
•*-» Correspondence Solicited. O
O JOBN 0. KIBKFATUOK. Kul{it O
O JOHN 0. KiaKPATBJOK. Hmijtx O
Qjftfl ftp o i-ftg ft °-9 ft ft qajklqPages 11 to 20
MAUREL DRIVEN TO THE WALL
BY THE COUNSEL FOR DREYFUS
•
President of
the 1894
Court-Martial
Forced
to a Confession,
Testimony He
Gave
Three Days Ago
Was Far
From the Truth,
*
Sp-*c_La: Dispatch to The CiIL
RE2CNES, Aug. IS— "Dead men tell
no tales." This is the barricade
Ren :
behind which General Mercier
and the general staff have In-
trenched themselves.
• es.
But there is a weak point In their de-
fense — Colonel Dv Paty de Clam— and
"'
the military clique know it and are
striving to the utmost to keep him out
cf M. Labcri's clutches. If they can
prevent Dv Paty de Clam, who is now
called the "sick man" of the Dreyfus
■ |
affair, from appearing at the witness
bar. they can effectively put the silence
of the tomb between truth and justice.
n truth and justice.
'M. Labori is fighting tooth and nail to
drag: him into court, but Colonel Jou-
aust persists in refusing him the neces
sary- assistance. He declines to send
I
reputable doctors to officially report
cr.the state of Dv Paty de Clam's i
health, which trraTy Dreyfusard firmly
better-res is only diplomatically effected
-
and he will recover quickly enough j
after the trial.
■While, however, the Dreyfusards be- j
- *
lieve Dv Paty de Clam, is not seriously I
ill. they feel a secret dread, which is
:. which is
expressed in the significant remark, not
infrequently heard:
"Sandherr is dead; Henry committed
suicide and Dv Paty de Clam will die."
■■
The confrontation to-day of Colonel
Maurel, Capt. Freysmeter and General ;
Mercier was an instructive exposure of
the fraud and dishonesty of the general
staff, which the absence of Dv Paty de
: Pa
Clam alone prevented from being com-
piete. The defense might demand that
-- 1 demar. I
a commission be sent to examine Dv
Paty de Clam on his sickbed. But MM.
But MM.
Labori and Demange despair of obtain- j
ing satisfactory results therefrom.
They want to have Dv Par de Clam ;
in court and turn the screws of the rack \
themselves.
M Bertillon talked for two hours,
during which time even ColonelJouaust
felt constrained more than once to !
bring him to the point. Then IL Labori
popped a few questions, which, when !
the president of the court-martial con- j
descended to admit them, were an-
swered in an off-hand manner by the
witness, who thought fit to show con-
-
tempt by barely looking it M. Labori j
and to proceed at the same time r to j
pack up his voluminous parcels and i
diagrams. Captain Dreyfus also spoke j
a few words, repudiating Bertillon's di- j
reet denunciations, and then a military
witness was put up to explain to the j
judges what Bertillon really meant. He ;
only managed to be equally obscure. '
' M. AND MME. LABORI 0-N THEIR WAY TO COURT. 1
X sgs=^ \y^s*^ ..■■»! ™ .\ —
MERCER SAID
TO HAVE FLED
FROM RENNES
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright.
1899. by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS. Aug. 26. — Emile Blanet telegraphs to Petit Bleu that a
report is current in Bonnes that General Mercier has fled to
Jersey.
GENERAL MERCIER, ARCH FOE OF DREYFUS
General Auguste Mercier. the power behind the prosecution of Dreyfus in
the new trial, was the Minister of War during the first trial, and it was
through his alleged perjury, aided by Henry's forgeries, that Dreyfus was found
guilty. He was charged by Zola, in his famous letter of accusation, as being
the "accomplice by weakness of mind of one of the greatest iniquities of the
century." Mercier is 66 years old. He entered the army in 1856, was promoted
to captain in IS6O and since then has risen steadily in the service. He was
made prisoner at Metz in the Franco-Prussian war, took an active part In the
Mexican campaign and has figured prominently In the army for a score of
years. Since 1534 he has been in command of various army corps In France.
To-day's session tore the last shred
of credit from Mercier. but added the
name of Freystmeter to the little roll
of heroes who have rial everything
in the defense of Dreyfus. One needs
ta be in the very midst of the storm of
the passion now raging in France to
appreciate the height of moral cour
age to which Captain Freystmeter has
risen in coming forward to the defense
of the truth against the army chiefs.
They are simply furious the thor
ough exposure, and all blame Maurel
for falling into the trap laid for him
by M. Labori in Thursday's cross-ex
amination, although it is difficult to
see what else Maurel could have done.
After the courtroom had been cleared
and all the public were supposed to be
excluded. General Mercier accosted
Colonel Ida .--*'. In the courtyard and
gave him a piece of his mind, even go
ing to the extent of calling him a block
head. Maurel vainly protested his help-*
--lessness and ----- of ward
ing off Labori's home-thrusts in view
SAX FRAXCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 27, 1599.
of Captain Freystir_eter*s testimony
Finally Mercier, in a temper, left him.
MAUREL CONFRONTED
WITH FREYSTMETER
President of the Former Court-Mar-
tial Practically -Convicted
of Perjury.
RENTES, Aug. 26.— When the sixth ses
sion of the third week of the second trial
by court-martial of Captain Alfred Drey
fus of the artillery, on charges of treason
began this morning In the Lycee Alphonse
Bertillon of the anthropometric depart
ment of the Paris Prefecture of Police re
sumed his testimony, interrupted yester
day by the adjournment of the court for
the day. In this case M. Bertillon testi
fied as a handwriting expert and srave
his reasons for believing Dreyfus to be
the author of the famous bordereau, on
which the prosecution mainly depends to
establish the charge again the prisoner.
The comic aspect of M. Bertiilon's per
formance again appealed to the risibilities
of the audience, though the judges paid
close attention to his demonstrations
wni.n were conciuaea at *:<-*' a. m.. the |
witness saying in a declamatory tone': !
"I am convinced the writer of the bor
dereau is the prisoner sitting there."
Dreyfus heard him without flinching and
:'u3 heard him without flinching and
witb an expression of disdain, which he
?howed in a still more noticeable manner
just before the specialist's testimony,
when M. Demange handed him a papor
which M. Bertillon had submitted to the
fudges as convincing proof of the guilt of
the accused. The prisoner perused it for
i few minutes and then handed it back
with a shrug of his shoulders 'and without
ottering a word.
There was a highly declamatic scene to-
There was a nighly declamatlc scene to
ward the end of the session. M. Labori,
eading counsellor the defense, asked to
lave Captain i-reystmeter, one of the
members of the court-martial of 15j4,
which convicted Dreyfus, called in contra
iictlon of the deposition of Colonel
Maurel. the presiding judge on that oc
:asion. who had testified that he read
mly one of the documents out of the se
:ret dossier communicated to the court
martial. The captain, who is a finely
_uilt officer and who has a handsome,
lonest face, amended the platform with
i firm step and fearless air. When he
was to recount what occurred he said his
•onviction of the guilt of the prisoner was
formed by the evidence of experts in
landwriting, the deposition of Colonel Dv
Paty de Clam, "and," he continued, "I
nust add. some slight Influence was ex<*>r
:ised over my mind by hearing the secret
lossier read."
The witness was then questioned as to
whether one or more of the documents
were read, and he said all were read. T'ds
was in direct contradiction of Colonel
tfaurel, and M. Labori at once demanded
he confrontation of Captain Freystrr
«rith Colonel MaureL The latter mounted
_he stage and presented a miserable oo
ect, his shifting eyes blearing out be
leath heavy eyebrows and looking around
iim with a vicious, hang-dog look.
"How do you explain this?" asked *■*-*-
LaSb ri.
The colonel, at bay. replied savagely:
The colonel, at bay. replied savagely:
"I said I only read one document. I did
iot say only one document was read."
This statement called forth an outburst
>f hisses and indignant "Ohs" from the
indlence. which looked upon It as an in
'amous confession. The witness, trem
bling with shame, but evidently deter
nined to fight to the last, threw a fierce
ook of hatred at M. Labori and the audi
:nce as the gendarmes shouted, "Silence
illence." After this the audience listened
spellbound as Captain Freystmeter, In a
.old voice, told exactly what the doeo
nents of the dossier were and how Colonel
_iaurel not only read - those documents,
ju: mads comments on * **■*-■-•-•■*■ This prac-
•
Freystmeter
Says the
Secret Dossier
Was
Read in Full,
His Superior
Had Sworn
One Document
Alone
Was Discussed,
Special Dispatch to 7* - CalL
■ ally called Colonel Maurel a thorough
liar, and the colonel glared at the captain
ferociously. Captain Freystmeter, how-
ever, was not dismayed, and his words,
spoken b a tone of candor and fearless-
ness, must have carried conviction to
every hearer.
General Mercier then asked to be heard
and placed himself by the side of MaureL
The forbidding appearance of these two
men. both dressed in civilian attire, was
in striking contrast with the erect, on-
.fllnching attitude of Freystmeter, who
wore the smart uniform of a captain of
-.-"..-- with medals on his breast. It
was a remarkable scene.
Major Carriere asked the court to con-
front Colonel Maurel and Captain Freyst-
meter. As Captain Freystmeter, his breast
glittering with decorations, advanced with
firm step and an air of energy he created
a good impression. He wore a short beard
turning gray and a flowing blonde mus
tache. His hair is almost white, though
he is only 42 years old. He deposed, say-
ing:
"I was a Judge of the court-marr i
"I was a Judge of the court-martial of
1534. My belief in the prisoner's guilt was
due to the ev_ieeTi.ce of experts and Colonel
Henry and Major Dv Paty de Clam. I
should say it was strengthened by the
reading of documents which were commu
nicated to us. the judges, in a private
room. (Great sensation.)
'The secret dossier contained: First, a
biographical dossier, imputing to Dreyfus
acts cf treason committed at the Poly-
technic School at Bourges. at the military
college and while on the headquarters
staff. Second, the document known as the
'cette canaille de D— ' document. Third,
a letter which, by showing resemblance
of the handwriting, proved the genuine-
ness of the 'cette canaille de D — ' docu
ment, and which was cailed the 'd'Avign-
on letter.' (Cries of "Oh.") Fourth, a tele-
gram from a foreign military attache.
very distinctly asseverating the prisoner's
guilt. (A great sensation and lively inter-
ruptions followed this statement.)
"This telegram, if I remember rightly,"
continued the witness, "was in the follow-
ing terms: 'Dreyfus Is arrested. Emissary
warned.* " Renewed cries of "Oh, oh.")
At this juncture General Mercter and
Colonel Maurel simultaneously ask-; per-
mission to speak. Their action caused
intense excitement, which became breath-
less as Colonel Maurel stood up and both
the former judses confronted each other
with almost defiant looks. Colonel Maurel
said:
'•I have only a word to say. The other
day Maitre Labori drew me from the
ground of argument to the ground of se
cret deliberations. I told him I had only
read a single document. These were the
words, 'I only read one document.* I did
not say only one document had been
read. (Sensation.)
"I did not go any further than that.
and did not wish to violate the see- of
the judges' deliberations." Continuing.
Colonel Maurel said: "In reply to ques
tions of counsel for the defense, who woud
have made me say more than I wished,
I declared I had only read one of the
documents. After reading that document I
handed the dossier to the clerk, saying, 1
am tired.' "
This caused a sensation and Interrup
tions, almost developing Into an uproar,
which caused Colonel Jouaust to order the
commandant of gendarmes to maintain
silence.
Colonel Maurel, as he spoke, was great-
ly excited and troubled. The fingers of
his right hand opened and shut nervously,
while those of his left hand kept up a
tattoo on the bar of the witness stand.
Captain Freystmeter steadfastly regard-
ed his former colleague, his cold, deter-
mined attitude having an immense effect
on the audience, whose great agitation in-
creased as exciting incidents follower!.
M. Labori asked whether Colonel Maurel
confirmed the explanations of Captain
Freystmeter and what the latter had said
in regard to Colonel Maurel. The latter
replied: ,
"I answer with all frankness and truth.
"I answer with all frankness and truth.
I only listened to the reading of the doc-
uments very absently. It was not Inter-
esting." (Shouts of "Oh, oh" and much
laughter.) ,__»____ -' ■"-'--' ■".-■■■
The witness concluded with saying,
"That is all. Monsieur Ie President. I re-
member nothing else."
Captain Frevstmeter was then request-
ed to definitely give his recollections con-
cerning the production of a secret docu
ment at the court-martial of 1394. His
manner was quiet and collected as he re-
Piled: . _ .. . r  ; ;
•*3Sct only did I see them, but I assert
Set only did I see them, but I as
Colonel Maurel had them in . his hands.
And what is more, I assert that he made
a. commentary on each document as it
passed through his hands." (Immense
sensation. I .
Colonel Maurel, very pale, nervously
protested against the use of the word
"commentary." which caused laughter.
"I could not have acted as Cantain
Freystmeter asserts." said Colonel Mau-
rel "I was too conscious of my duty to
allow myself to influence in any way the-
Judges whose president I was, and if
what Captain Freystmeter has just said
in regard to me had been done in my
presence, if the president had attempts 1
to exercise pressure on. me as a Judee.
If he attempted to influence me. notwith-
standing his age rank or functions, I
would have reminded him of his duty. I
wouid not have waited five years before
coming forward to provoke an audience
in open court. I have finished. I will
say no more in reply to Captain Freyst
meter." , T
Addressing -Colonel Jouaust Captain
Freystmeter said:
"My excuse for my attitude, my colonel.
is my ignorance of legal regulations. I
did not know at all that it was forbidden
to make any communication in the
Judges' room. (Sensation.) Moreover, on
-«_prii 3 last, I wrote to Colonel Maurel
clearly explaining everything I Intended
to do when I learned it was irregular to
communicate documents .in , the .. Judges*
rooms." _ _.
rCCclcnel Maurel admitted the truth of his
statement, adding: ... .■■ *v';- *'■'■ . -
''Captain Freystmeter referred to doubts
THREE DAYS
OF BATTLE IN
SAN DOMINGO
Government Force Loses
One Hundred and Fifty
, Men. .
REBELS VICTORIOUS
General Calderon, One of the Leaders
of the Federal Troops, Killed
in the Engagement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAPE HA YTIEN, Hayti,
Aug. 26. News has just
been received here confirm
ing the report of yesterday's fight
ing in Santo Domingo between the
Government forces and those of the
revolutionists. General Pacheco, ai
the head of 400 men of the revolu
tionary troops, fought the Govern
ment troops for three days, inflict
ing heavy losses. It is reported tliat
the Government force lost 150 men
in killed and injured, and. that the
revolutionists captured two field
pieces. In addition General An
tonio Calderon, one of the Govern
ment commanders, was -killed and
secretly buried. The revolutionists
lost only thirteen killed, besides sev
eral wounded.
wh'ch had been awakened in his mind by
Colonel Henry's forgery. He spoke of the
anguish by which his conscience was tor-
ttred. I did not reply to Captain Freyst-
meter, because I am accustomed to allow
every one the liberty of his own opinion-..
In my opinion every one ought to guide
his ship his own way."
M. Labori requested the Judges to not-:
that no contradiction was offered to Cap-
tain Freystmeter's statement that the
Panizzardi telegram of November 2 wa.
communicated privately to the Judges in
IS',H. and under these circumstances Gen-
eral Mercier, having testified that he had
sriven an order that the telegram should
not be communicated, and whereas he nail
also testified that the order was carried
out, counsel begged the president of tha
court to ask General Mercier for an ex-
planation concerning the statement, which
entirely contradicted his evidence. (Great
sensation.)
General Mercier. who had paid rapt at-
tention to what was going on, pointed out
that CaDtain Freystmeter had spoken of
an act of treason alleged to have beer.
described at the 1534 court-martial as hay-
ing been committed by Dreyfus at the
Polytechnic School, adding- that Freyst-
meter seemed to retain very exact recoi
lections of the documents communicated,
and asked what was referred to In the
letter mentioned. Captain Freystmeter:
"It referred to a shell. I see the docu
ment perfectly in my mind's eye."
General Mercier— So Captain Freystme-
ter is caught* in the very act of lying.
(Loud protests.)
**I repeat it," the general said, coolly.
' £ repeat it," the general said, coolly.
amid renewed protests. "As a matter of
fact the Robin shell to which he refers
was only made in Germany in IS!*.. We
were informed of the act of treason in
ISM."
Captain Freystmeter adhered to his
statement that a shell was mentioned In
the commentary submitted to the generate
in 1594.
General Mercier— As for the telegram of
General Mercier— As for the telegram of
November 2. I maintain that it was not
communicated to the court of 1534.
Captain Freystmeter— l am certain that
there was a telegram with the words
"Dreyfus is arrested. Emissary warned."
There was something else, which I do not
remember. As regards the reply General
Mercier has just made to me, I insist I
have not said that there was a document
mentioning particular shells, but simply
a commentary referring to an act of
treason in connection with a shell. I do
not know if that affected the evidence <_f
the prosecution. But I only testified to
that of which I am strictly certain.
General Mercier reiterated that it was
impossible to communicate in 1534 con-
cerning the Robin shell. M. Labori then
said:
"In view of the Incidents occurring, I
must insist once more Monsieur le Presi-
dent, that the condition of Colonel Dv
Paty de Clam -be examined into by im-
partial physicians. General Mercier has
stated that the packet containing the se
cret documents was prepared by Colonel
Dv Patv de Clam."
General Mercier interrupted: "Pardon
me, I said I had learned from General
de ' Boisdeffre that the package was
brought by Colonel Dv Paty de Clam. But
I also said Colonel Sandherr prepared the
package." (Sensation.)
M. Labori— Always tbe dead' Sandherr
the dead. Henry the dead. Their testi
mony is constantly being cited.
Colonel Jouaust protested against these
words as being out of order, and M. La-
bori resumed his seat in silence.
This incident, which terminated the cvi-
dence of Captain Freystmeter, caused an
immense impression on the audience. The
Dreyfusards were jubilant.
M. Paref-Joufal, a draughtsman, was
called for the defense. He was accompa
nied by a blackboard, upon which he pro-
posed to refute a portion of M. Bertillon's
problems. The witness said, amid laugh-
ter, that the demonstration would occupy
no less than two hours. He then pro
ceeded to chalk a number of calligraphic
signs on the blackboard, and presented to
the court photographs of the writing of
the bordereau and the prisoner's hand-
writing, pointing out their dissimilarities
and entering into elaborate explanations,
which were not conclude.! when, at 11:50
a. m., the court adjourned.
»*>
ADMITTED TO THE
GUERIN STRONGHOLD
Leniency Shewn Mme. Chantaloupe,
Whose Son Is Reported to Be
in a Dying Condition.
PARIS, Aug. Mme. Chantaloupe.
whose son is among the besieged persona
in the headquarters of the Anti-Semite
League, waa allowed to visit M. Guerin
to-day on account of the report of her
son's illness. The anti-Semite president,
who appeared to be agitated, opened the
door for Mme. Chantaloupe. and she re
mained forty minutes in the stronghold.
On returning to the street she reported
that her son was in a dying condition.
hence the hoisting of the black flag this
morning. - . .._:._"_•....
The authorities have decided to prose
cute ail the newspapers which have re
cently Incited their readers to rioting.
Sebastian Faure, editor of the Journal dv
Peuple, who was responsible for the anar
chist appeal that led to last Sunday's riot
ing, will be prosecuted for incitement ' to
illegal assembly, and provoking. screes dis
orders,
ONE OF THE ALAMEDA
ROBBERS IN PRISON
"Jack" Casey Is Landed by the
Authorities,
Taken Unawares in a Saloon on Post
Street He Offers No Resistance and
Is at Once Removed to Po-
lice Headquarters,
ACK CASEY, one of the trio
J of desperate thugs who were
paid to murder Capitalist
Upaid to Howard, alias ; Doyle,
Green by Howard, alias I
alias the "Australian Plunger,"
is behind prison bars. He was arrested
late last night in a saloon on Post
street and at once removed to the City
Prison, where he was placed in the
tanks pending further investigation.
Casey's arrest was accomplished by
Detectives Gibson, Ellis and Sullivan.
Yesterday afternoon they received in
formation that Casey had not returned
to Australia, as was reported, but was
In hiding in this city.
Shortly before midnight they located
him and placed him under arrest. Ca
sey was taken by surprise, and di 1 not
offer any resistance.
He was at once placed in a hack and
driven to the City Prison, where his
name was registered on the "small"
book.
Chief Lees and his men strongly sus
pect the prisoner of being one of the
robbers who invaded the specie room
of the steamer Alameda and got away
with 5000 sovereigns. His confederates
are said to be "Jim" Murphy and "Jim"
Kelly, both of whom are ex-convicts
and desperate crooks. The three men
came to this city last November. It is
known that they frequently met How
ard, whom they knew in Australia, and
it is believed that the "plunger," with
their assistance, executed the robbery
of the Alameda.
According to the police. Howard.
anxious to rid himself of Green, whom
he had successfully robbed, employed
the three desperate men to dispose of
him. He induced Green to take passage
RECEIVED
AN INFERNAL
MACHINE
Bold Attempt Made to Kill
an Attorney of Salt
an Attorney of Salt
Lake.
Lake.
Special Dispatch to Th-* CalL
SALT LAKE. A"- :•*■.— Judge O. W.
SALT LAKE, Aug. 26.— Judge O. W.
Powers, a prominent attorney of this
Powers, a prominent attorney of this
city, this afternoon received by express
city, this afternoon received by express
from Eureka. Utah, a wooden box con
from Eureka, Utah, a wooden box con
taining about five pounds of giant pow
taining about five pounds of giant pow
der and dynamite.
der and dynamite.
By - tuition the Jndge I 1 —
By some intuition the Judge did not
open the box. but handed It over to the
open the box. but handed it over to the
police, who very carefully opened it and
found explosives with the necessary ap
pliances, matches, sandpaper and per
cussion caps, so arranged that had the
box been opened in the ordinary way it
could not have failed to explode.
A search of the express office resulted
in the discovery of a similar box con
taining nine pounds of explosives ad
dressed to Warden Dow of the State
prison. The sender of the packages is
supposed to be a man named John
Smith, who ten years ago Judge Pow
•-•---•. when he was on the bench sen
tenced to nine years in prison for rob
bery. ________________________________________
bery. -
PRESIDENT AT PITTSBURG.
Greeted iWitk a Salute From Battery
B and Cheers of the Populace.
B and Cheers of the Populace.
PITTSBUF.-""-. Aug. X.— The ■peetal I -
PITTSBURG, Au?. 2S.— The special train
carrying President McKinley and. party
arrived here at 9:26 this evening. As the
train drew into Shadyside station, where
train dre.-w into Shadyside station, where
the party alighted, a signal was flashed
to Battery B. stationed on Herron Hill,
when the Presidential salute of twenty
one gun? was fired.
A large crowd had assembled at the
station to welcome the distinguished
guests, but beyond cheering and waving
of handkerchiefs no special demonstration
was made.
The President and Mrs. McKinley were
taken to the residence of Robert Pitcairn.
superintendent and general agent of the
Pennsylvania Railr6a£. whose special
guests they will be during their stay in
the city. i
CENTENARIAN BURIED.
Indian Was One Hundred and
Twenty Years Old.
Twenty Years Old.
PLEAS ANTON. Aug. >*.— An Indian
named Tausino Sanchumi. 120 years of
age. was buried at Mission San Jose yes
terday. He was born where San Fran
cisco now stands and lived there till he
was IT years old. when he came to Mis
sion San* Jose and was a planter of the
cross at that place long before the old
mission was established. -
Tears after, when the first shovel cf
earth was turned for the construction of
the mission, he helped in the work. Many
of his Indian companions think he was at
least 120 years -_ age. He was certainly
the oldest Indian in this county. He died
in an old hut between Fleasanton and
SunoL n ;
CHARGED WITH MURDER.
Inquest o*v«r the Body of J. Henry
Miller.
PENDLETON. Or., Aug. It.— A Coro
ner's jury to-day returned a verdict in
the Inquest over the body of J. Henry
Miller of murder in the first degree, which
crime they charged against Edwin L.
Mltt*-*,.. Miller waa shot in his saloon
Wednesday night by Mima and died Fri
day morning. Mima' examination waa set
for Tuesday next. He is a lawyer and
served as deputy internal revenue col
lector ■ during Cleveland's administration.
He asserts -that he shot Mill : in self
defense, - - - -—-____
Pages 11 to 20
on the Alameda for Australia for th*
ostensible purpose of examining soma
shale lands, which Howard claimed he
owned. After he had consented to
make the trip Howard unfolded his
murderous scheme to the trio. They
readily consented to undertake the job.
and it was agreed that they should
knock him senseless with some blunt
Instrument and then throw him over
board.
They were to receive $20,000 if they
succeeded in doing away with Green.
The men, according to their plans,
boarded the steamer, but made no at
tempt to molest the millionaire. Sev
eral weeks later Casey and Kelly re
turned to this citj'. and after Informing
Howard that they had murdered Green,
demanded the balance of the $20,000 he
had promised them. They represented
that Murphy had gone direct to Aus
tralia, as he feared he might be sus
pected and thrown in jail. Howard.
evidently satisfied that his murderous
scheme had been carried out, gladly
paid over the money to his hired thugs.
He did not know that at the -dm
Green waf safe in Australia and that
the men whom he trusted had given
him what in sporting parlance is
known as the "double cross." After di
viding the "blood" money they had re
ceived from Howard. Casey and Kelly
proceeded to have a good time. They
bought champagne galore and lived
at the most expensive restaurants in
the city.
When the expose came revealing the
true character of Howard the men sud
denly disappeared.- and it was first
thought they had left the city. Tester
ady. however, the detectives learned
that Casey had returned to his haunts
and they set about to arrest him. They
are hopeful of apprehending Kelly ln a
few days.
KILLARNET LAKES
HAVE NOT BEEN SOLD
Special cabi» to Tha Call Bad >'- — York
H»ral*i. Copyrighed. 1539. by Jasiee
Gordon Eeaceit.
LONDON*, Aug. 26.— Since KH-
I 1 be in
larney "-ras first reported, to be ln
the mar - Sow is been
the market, how often it has been
stated "on reliable authority" to
stated "on reliable authority" to
be S'-ild. Ti}-. purchasers were
be sold. T_;e purchasers -were
iean millionaires.
mostly American millfonairea.
■ ■ - ' Peck. Hr Xbomaa
"Millionaire" Peck. Sir Thomas
Lipton. Gallagher (of tobacco fame>.
Lipton. Gallagher (of tobacco fame),
• -r and some more have
"Boss" Croker and some more have
according to re
bought it in turn, according- to re-
J lit But
port, and each has denied it*. But
Kiilaraey yet remains unsold and
Killarney yet remains unsold and
ks got a r on Its pretty face
has got a scar on its pretty face
- a port - wood
now, for a portion of the wood-
a accidentally
land moor has b«=en accidentally
*2_*r _*.n f-.-t* Thitz •txrpe'k.
GRAND .'..DISPLAY
OF
ml Liii 1U in
111 1 iLil 1 L/iix
DRESS GOODS
DRESS GOODS
EOR THIS WEEK.
EOR THIS WEEK.
SPECIAL SALE.
SPECIAL SALE.
SPECIAL PRICES.
SPECIAL PRICES.
NEWEST NOVELTIES.
NEWEST NOVELTIES.
DOUBLE FOLD"
DOUBLE Foli~
GRANITE PLAIDS. —
GRANITE PLAIDS. -»>
Lvge rar jeo. joJorings, ihn y ,
Large range of colorings, /--lP */«_•__
silk stripe effects 4.UU Idtd
NEW CORDUROY PLAIDS.
NEW CORDUROY PLAIDS.
Ver/ pretty colorings, the
most serviceable piaid ONLY
ma- for waists and Cft A Dgr
Children's Dresses, s<.'« "-"IUP y j
striped, 37 inches wide. UUU T3TU
Novelty Camel's Hair PLAIDS.
Novelty Camel's Hair PLAIDS.
The latest craze for
Skirts, colors are Red,
New Blue, Brown, " Plum ONLY
a**d Green, with blaci-r PA Dar
hairy effects, 36 inches -hi IP Yard
wide. uuu Yard
NEW ZIBELINE PLAIDS.
NEW ZIBELINE PLAIDS.
A.i the latest colorings, ONLY
strictly all wool. 33 inches ft A Dgr
wide, raised and rough KIIP w _i
effeck uuu Yard
Large anortment o* imported Camel's Hair.
Large assortment of Imported Camel's Hair,
French Fc. a , Zibeline and Roman Stripe
PLAIDS, at
75c. Sf . 51.50 and S2 per yard.
On sale at Market-street store only.-
On sale at Market-street siore oaly,*
KOHLBERG,
irnuT PT-TDP
STRAUSS &
STRAUSS &
FROHMAN,
1220, 1522 and 1224 2L-BKET STEE3T.12
SOCIETY
-ftiSßli^iiii
y^UR gallant boys occupied tne atten-
OCR gallant buys occupleii Uie atten
tion of < v.iy one during the past
W_J/ week to the exclusion of all other
things and consequently social af
fairs, with the exception of those planned
In honor of the returned hemes, were
hopelessly dull, stale and altogether un
profitable.
George Loughborough gave a dinner on
Monday evening. August 41, In honor of
R. B. Fithian. Those present were: Mrs.
Loughborough, the Misses Loughborough.
Miss Kate Clement, Miss Leontine Blake
man, Miss Ethel Keeney, Miss Schneek-y,
Walter L. Dean, Edward Tobin, Clarence
Follls, W. McM. Woodworth, Mr. Drown,
Lieutenant rates Sterling and George
Loughborough. '■ * ./^-.
Mrs. James A. Robinson and Miss El
ena Robinson leave for Paris on Monday,
August 28, to be absent a yeaT. •• .
Mrs. William- Kohl came up from San
Mateo on Tuesday and Is a guest at the
Palace Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. Ogden Mills and the
Misses Mills were among th.* returning
travelers on the White Star line Majestic
on her last trip from Liverpool.
Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Vining are guests
at the Hotel Rafael.
Raphael Weill, who has been spending
the past ■■•-' months in Europe, returned
to this city on Sunday, August 20.
Mrs. Jeremiah Clarke will return from
Santa Barbara September 1 to the Hotel
Pleasanton, where she has engaged rooms
for the winter.
Colonel Alexander G. Hawes returned
from Mexico on Saturday, August 15*, and
Is a guest at the Occidental Hotel.
They're Engaged.
The marriage of Miss Bertha Magner to
Julius Czcrwinsky of Los Angeles will
take place on August 31.
Wedding Bells. .
Miss Lizzie Clyne and Patrick Quirk
--.•ere married at St. Rose's Church, Bran
nan street, on the 16th inst. Rev. Father
STugent officiating. The bride is the daugh
ter of the late John Clyne, a well known
contractor of Peabody, Conn., and the
(room was one of the crew on board the
L'nited States ship McCulloch during the
battle of Manila. After the ceremony a
iinner was served at the home of the
.-.role's aunt, Mr.**. Mulligan, 1144 Peralta
street Oakland. Among those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. Miller, Mr. and Mrs.
filgate, Hugh Emmet, Mrs. Hanlon, Miss
Mary Garrick. Mrs. Caughlln, Mrs. Teh<_
nay "and daughter, Mr. i ien, lie and wife.
Miss Kane and Mr. Tehenay. The young
-•ouple took the evening train for Santa
ZTruz, where they are spending their
.oneymoon. '.■.',• ' '■-
A very pretty wedding took place at
:he residence of Mr. and Mrs. A. Stuhr,
3an Bruno road and [fifteenth avenue., at
ligh noon Wednesday, the 16th inst, when
heir only daughter. Miss Annie Stuhr,
;vas married to Rasmus. Cafstensen. a
popular young business man of Sacra
nento. Rev. J. M. Buehler of the Ger
nan Lutheran Church performed the
.eremony. The bride was attended by
Miss Marie Janssen, and William Kiel of
Sacramento acted as best man. After the
:eremony the wedding party adjourned
.*> the dining room, where an -excellent re
cast was served. The decorations were
elaborate and very elegant. The young
:ouple were the recipients of a print
many handsome and costly gifts. Mr.
md Mrs. Carstensen left for Sacramento,
where they will make their future home.
There was a quiet little wedding on the
?vening of the 15th inst at 524 North ave
nue. Rev. Mr. Fuendllng officiating. The
•ontractlng parties were Louis Schultz, a
member of Germania Lodge of the Inde
..-.»_^An, _,',-_**__.. «_> C\AA Tr__ll_-.-_-.-_i r, ,. .r.*.l. __
FATE DEPICTED IN YOUR PALM.
MISS MADELINE SHARKEY'— Your
love of home is very strong and you pos
sess a bright and sympathetic nature for
those around you. bu.t you may not al
ways have all the luxuries you desire.
You will travel extensively. You an very
earnest and ' recuperative, and worry
more about others than about yourself.
Have more faith in yourself and you will
accomplish more.
William Mckinley II— A life full
of changes is in store for you. sometimes
food and sometimes bad. Sickness and
dangers have already threatened you. A
tendency to grow stout is shown in your
hand. You are firm, have good business
ideas and are proud, precise and a:fec
tionate. The latter part of your life will
be the best.
GENERAL MYLES— You will have
many changes in your life. You arc ex
tremely benevolent and musical, and are
possessed of great originality, hut you
must avoid extremes. Fun and enjoy
ment have great charms for you, and you
will meet with a great deal of opposition.
Though fond of rest you do not got It.
and you really need it.
MISS NELI.Op, Oakland— Yours will be
a merry life and your chief happiness
will be in your domestic circle. You will
have an artistic home and many oppor
tunities. Yours Is a bright mind and you
have broad ideas and thoughts. You are
rather extravagant but good natured:
musical, very positive and farsighted.
YOU will Inherit money through unex
pected -deaths.
JIM, Eureka— You are ambitious and
your life will be long, prosperous and
eventful. You have great intellectual
power, hut are not a great believer in
anything. You will have three long jour
neys, and will not have much Sickness.
You will own real estate and marry young
and your family will consist principally
of boys. Your life will be very active.
MISS G. G. •';.. Ballard— Yon will make
a decided change in lift at the apt of .*?..
Do nothing hastily and be guided by sense
rather than sentiment.
MRS. VALLA NCE WORTH, San Fran
cisco—You are rather self-willed and de
termined and love Independence. You will
have money left to you through the death
of a relative.
NED BUNTLIN, Tacoma— Y'ou are a
good worker, but dislike to take charge
of men. You will take many journeys,
one of which will be especially fortunate.
MRS. M. A. 8., Benne-t Valley— You
must not allow your circumstances to
KEITH'S! KEITH'S!
Keith's Hi |i|
Keith's Keith's Keifs
OPEN LETTER TO THE PUBLIC!
DEAR MME: ''' " '*"""**'-
Our ORAND FAL.I. OPENING will be
held Sept. l and _, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
NEXT. • The Pattern Hats "Trench" have ar-
rived ar.d are more beautiful than' ever this
year and we "have a larger number in both
hats and bonnets, also, One line of New York
ttreet hats. Among our -own manufacture' v,,'
have embodied, the best and most • practical
ideas as well as keeping to the bent snap and
shades. After attending our opening one hits
a full knowledge of the right hat to wear and
how to wear if. :_4gßHß**l
Vt'n make millinery exclusively our study. We
acknowledge no equals in this line. Wt do'not
know it all, but we do know, millinery. This
Is our fortieth opening; experience has added
to our art. ' .' •-
We also hxve one hundred and fifty novel
ntyl/* ln walkers, the Automobile Rough Rider,
Troubadour,' bicycle and sailor hats. "' *■;
In mourning we carry the finest; all the time
made up; and last but not least we have cour-
teous, experienced salesladies t,. exliibit' -our
R..ods. We employ only those who understand
the 'business and are perfect in tte work. No
rardf. W<: .*■-.■ oil .-_.■:•• Thanking you for
past favors, '■' •■•■ ill again be pleased to see you
on Sept 1 and 2.
MME. ALMA E. KEITH, *,:
808 Market St., Plieian' Building.
808 Market St., Pbeian Building.
of Golden Gate Encampment and mem-
ber of Oriental Rebekah Lodge, and
Marie C. Petersen. The ceremony was
celebrated in the nresence of Mr/and
Mrs. Charles Hendcr, Mr. and Mrs. W.
Cook, Mr. and Mrs. Koster, Mrs. F. Rath.
Mrs. Luchaccie, Miss Mamie Rath, Miss
Carrie, Hender, Miss Ethel Cook, Miss
Evelina Luchaccle and P. Peterson, J.
Hackenburg and Louis Luchaccle. After
congratulations the bride and groom and
their friends enjoyed an old-fashioned
German wedding feast.
On Wednesday evening, August 10, at
the, residence of the groom's sister, Mrs.
Berntsen, 1214 .York street. Miss Helml.
only daughter of A. I. Molus, was united
In marriage to Niels H. Hald of Point
tarra United States fog signal station.
Loving -hands had carefully attended to
the decoratifcns of the dwelling and at 8
o'clock relatives and friends of the bride
and groom began to assemble. The im
pressive ceremony was performed by Rev.
Dr. E. Kelander at 9 o'clock. The house
was then thrown open to the merrymak
ers and vocal and instrumental music was
kept up until Intermission, when all re-
paired to the dining-room, where a long
table, heavily laden with a tempting re-
past, awaited ' thorn. The merrymaking
was then kopt up until a late hour. The
Misses Jeannette Wreath. Myrtle and
Hannah Hald. acted as bridesmaids. They
were dressed in white organdie over pink
silk. The bride wore a handsome white
organdie over white silk and with clusters
"l" orange blossoms. Mr. and Mrs. Hald
will make their future home at Point
Montarra. i Tlie bride and groom received
many costly and useful presents.
The wedding of Nick Borlnd and Miss
Slsich of Oakland was celebrated at St.
Patrick's Church. Oakland, Sunday, Ang
us! 20. Anton .Padlovlch was best man
and Mrs, M. Paolovlch of Alameda act- ]
ed as maid of honor. In the evening a :
reception was held at the residence of
Mr. and Mrs. Burin, 11 Priest street, where
a supper was served. Dancing and mv- j
sic followed and continued until midnight. ]
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Burin.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Frazer. Mr. and j
Mrs. Slmclch, Mr. and Mrs. Kulisich, Mrs. ]
11. J. Pylo. Miss May McCarthy, Miss;
Julia Sullivan"'. Miss Kate Vlanello. Miss
Vukovich, Miss Memy Kulisich. Mary,
Irene and Anita Burin. Mare,. Radulovich. ■
Nicola Ohradovloh. Mrs. Buticflch and
Thomas Vukovich.
Home Gatherings.
On Sunday evening a birthday party
On Sunday evening a birthday party
was given at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Ellis, 1215 Sanchez street, in honor of their
son Frankie. All the guests enjoyed a
very pleasant evening. The music was
delightful. Little May Ellis and Elsie An- j
derson added much to the evening's en
joyment by showing themselves compe- i
tent in the performance ,of the skirt- j
dance. The music played for the youth-
ful dancers was selected and performed j
on th- piano by Master Frankie.- The fol
lowing were present: Mr. and Mrs. Lane,
James Lane Sr., Misses Delia and Rosan-
na Lane. Messrs. William. Joe, Jack. Tom
and Frank Lane, Mrs. M. Otis. Misses
Lizzie and Ella Otis. Messrs. Tom and
Joe Otis. Mrs. L. McDonald. Mr. and .
Mrs. Randall, Mr. and Mrs. D. Sullivan,
Miss J. Sullivan, Miss R. B. Llong.
A very pleasant birthday party was
given to Miss Florentine Barth last
Thursday evening at the residence of her
parents. 721 Vallejo street. Music, sing-
ing and dancing were indulged in during
the evening. Miss Maude Sharp enter- I
tamed the company with her specialties.
Among- those present were Florentine
Barth, Mazie Black, Ida Mearns, Alice
Shaw, Mamie Glanettoni, Maude Sharp,
Dora Werner, Mamie Bisazza, Battle
Gianettoni, Josie Bellando. Elvira Dene
grl, Amelia Pedrotta, Mildred Black, i
Florence Shaw-, Laura Ashley, Emma ,:
Palmistry,
i prey upon your mind. Your life has had •
its full share of trouble and sorrow, but
affair^ will be in better shape soon.
MRS.' A. M. RUBY, Tacoma— You are
i a thoroughly practical woman and an ex-
cellent manager.
MISS ALICE SEAGULL, Tacoma— Your
i nature is inclined to be rather selfish.
You lack force of character and are fond
of gay company and social life.
MRS. ASHYVORTH Lancashire. Eng.—
Yours is 'an ease-loving nature, but -cir-
cumstances have been against you. You •
have had two deaths which saddened you 1
for a time. The future will bring you
new happiness. _-3R»sll_ .. . j
GERTIE R.— You will marry well, but I
will have poor health the first few years j
of your married life. You should culti- i
: vate your talent, which is somewhat un- |
usual.. ■''.-.. :■:-. ■'.
MRS. INEZ FULLER. Suisun City— i
You will always defend your own rights, !
but you are quite a diplomat and will j
make few enemies.
RUDIE EL— la your early youth you
you had a delicate constitution, and there
will be a delicate period for you again
later In life. You should take open-air
exercise and not read or study too much.
MISS FRANCES P.— Your hand mdi
cates a delicate and refined personality. I
Your hand lines show that you are sub- !
; ject to headaches. There are many
changes for you In the near future.
MISS ELIZABETH ROBINSON— You
worry too much, and would enjoy better
I health if you were more philosophical. '
There will he marked changes is your
life after 30, and better conditions physi-
ally and financially.
MRS. R. L.— made a change in lo-
cation early in life which brought some
' thing of a disappointment with it. You
have always worked hard, but will have j
] a long life and a good deal of quiet hap- '
! piness. *" • ' *..'r.
MISS L. L., Antelope— You will travel !
extensively In the latter part of your life. ;
There is one marriage for you and good I
financial prospects after 28.
MISS MONSIE M. A. F.-You will have !
to battle with 111-health In early life, but \
will be stronger as you grow older. There !
is one marriage promised you.
MISS ROSE BUDD, Broderick street—
; You have a very domestic nature and- .
will marry and have three children. Your j
j home life will be particularly happy.
RUTH H., Vallejo-You are careful and
1 economical but dislike to assume respon- !
sibilities. There Is one marriage In your
band's fault. You are slightly too fond of
MRS.* PATRICA HERIOT, Oakland—
Fou are very ptactical, and a very little
sentiment suffices for you. You are ener- i
getic and ambitious and capable of mak- I
ing your own way.
MRS. M. M.. San Francisco— You have
bad a good many changes In your life. i
Your marriage was not a complete sue- j
cess-, but Vt was not wholly your hus
. life. - *
your own way; It is the one flaw in a good
disposition.
; JOHN J. C. Salinas— You have so far.
i been rather of a failure In all your un-
dertakings. This, however, Js principally
1 your own fault, and you can change for
, the better if you make up your mind to. ;
There Is much good in life. for you if you j
can to exert yourself In the right way to ]
obtain it. . UMilWi it Mi -^liltijaMM. I|iiia_fe****g
MISS CLARA ROSE. San Jose— ill-
nesses In your childhood have somewhat
undermined your constitution, but you
i will grow stronger In.coming years. You
are affectionate and sincere in your :
friendships, but inclined to be too self- ,
centered.
MISS ROSE B. WILD— You have ability !
! but lack the ambition necessary to culti- '.
| vate your talent. You are affectionate and
! generous, but Dot particularly energetic.
You can make a happy future for yourself i
if you choose. : v. •
MISS BELLA ROSE— You have a re-
fined nature and are fond of the fine arts.
Your poor health has been ■ decided draw- j
back, but with care you will find It much !
I improved -in the future.
MISS RUBY L. M.— You will never!
: make a deeded cess of marriage, as
your Ideals are unattainable. You will,
however, have- much In your life for which
| to be thankful.
MISS MACDOUGAL. Salinas— Y'ou are
fond of display and admiration, but have I
much latent talent. You will make one '
I marriage and find your full share of hap- j
piness in life. •->«*-t*Mr-ia__i_a9«.
| MISS BERYL BURKE, Santa Cruz-
THE SAN -"FRANCISCO- CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 27. 1899.
I O'Brien. Eleanor Denegrl, Rosie Black,
Katie Glanettoni, Edna Glacornella. Ida
j Bisazza, Victoria Escoffler,, Josie Uhla,
I Marie Uhla, America Glovanonnl, Eva
Giovanonnl, Carrie Barnes, Mr. and Mrs.
Barth, Mrs. Glanettoni, Mrs/ Black, Mrs.
Bellando. Mrs. Shaw, Mrs. T. Olaquez,
Misses Madeline and Kitty Bisazza,
Misses Romllda and Lily Pedrotta, Miss
Annie Ryan, Charles Pine, Eddie Barth,
fred Barth, Stephen Glanettoni.
A very enjoyable surprise .party was
tendered to Herbert Maxwell on Wednes-
day evening, August 14. Among those
present were: Harry Murphy, John Baci
galupi. Jordan Zan, Ernest Duggan, Her
bert Maxwell, Leo Fitzpatrick, Samuel
Adamson, John Sullivan, Lucaa Avers,
Francis Lascelle, Joe Broder, Carlo Del
martini, Mateo Game, Peter' O'Shaugh
nessy, Frank Kedian and Dayton Murray.
The Third Monthly Cotillon Club gave a
very enjoyable, surprise party to Miss Ida'
Schmidt on Saturday evening, August 19.
Those present were: Lena Brandtjen, Jo
hanna Hulsman, Tessie Schmidt. Alma
Lindstrom, Augusta Hulsman, Lena Mil
ler, Ida Schmidt Emyle Freese, Clara
Schmidt, H. Fitter, Bertha Grossman,
Emma Schmidt, Ameta Grossman. Gussie
Schmidt, Josephlna Schmidt: George
Wheeler, G. A. Burman, C. Goltzene, F.
Mohrman, M. J. McGrath, J. C. Brandt-
jen, H. Dlercks, B. Miller. H. Freese, H.
Levi, 11. partus, O. Hulsmann, A. Vol
ligney, Mr. Long and T. Walters.
John D. Nield, an old and respected em-
ploye of the North Paciflc Coast Railroad
Company, celebrated the fiftieth annivers
ary of his birth last Saturday evening by
a ball and reception in the El Monte Hotel
at Sausalito. Huge Cazadero ferns and
silk flags formed the principal decorations
and the 150 guests . present were kept in
terested from the timo they crossed the
threshold ' until they departed from the
banquet table. ■.-,..
Among those present were: General Su
perintendent and Mrs. E. 11. Shoemaker,
Miss J. Shoemaker, Mr. and Mrs. C. D.
Phelps, Mr. and Mrs. William Brown, Wil
liam Hannon, C. King, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Murray, Dr. E. 1). Eddy, Mrs. and Miss
Nellie Athron. '.-■::•::•':
A most enjoyable surprise party was
given last Saturday evening, August 19, to
bliss Edna Andrew at her; residence, 12.">
Fourteenth street, by a number of young
friends. ■ The evening was spent with
music, games and singing till midnight,
when a bounteous repast was served.
Among those present were: Miss Edna
Andrew, Miss Ethel Andrew, Miss Edna
Haslett, Miss Alice S. Smith, Miss Mabel
Schultz. Miss Maud Schultz, Miss Tillie
Bell, Miss Ethel L. Andrew, Miss ' Mac
Clare, Miss Carrie McDonald, Miss Ella
Peters, Miss Lillle Paletler, Miss Helen
Bahr, Miss Millie Rentschler, Miss Emma
Kuhlman, Miss Ruby Poland, Miss Edna
Davis; Messrs. Edward Wahrman, James
Haslett, Norris Parent Phil Glovanlnl,
Arthur Brown, George Rader, Dr. A. 1..
White. Edward Burns, Oliver Flahavan.
Stanley Cook, Chester Hansen, Herman
Makowskl, Joe Morris. Edward Egeberg,
Alfred Andrew, Frank Meaney, Chauncey
Chester.
On Thursday last, the day that the Cali
fornia First came sailing in on the Sher
man, Mrs. C. Dibblee. a prominent mem-
ber of J. A. Garfield Corps No. 21. W, K. ('.,
and her daughter, Mrs. Walter Wilkin---,
entertained a number of friends at a
luncheon in their home, at the corner, of
Bombard and Dupont streets. From that
point all had a fine view of the incoming
transport and escorting vessels. During
the afternoon there was vocal and instru
mental music and social chat. There were
resent Mr. and Mrs. George Marchant,
Mrs. George E. O'Brien, Mrs. W. Hen
drickson, Mrs. E. C. Dunn, Mrs. E. Casel-
man, Mrs. Brightfeld, Mrs. Stoakes, Mrs.
Martin of Sacramento, Mrs. L.'Llndlyoi
Coirax, Mrs. Phillips of Oakland. Misses
F. de Getaldl, Mabel Stoakes of Virginia
City, Josie Bignotti, and Messrs. W. H.
You will marry once and live happily.
You will have one child, and will travel
quite extensively.
MRS. P. B. L.. San Jose— Your hus
band's violent death was s.o great a shock
that it has undermined your health. You
are too much Inclined to retrospection and
melancholy. Try to be more cheerful.
There Is happiness for you yet if you
will make it yours.
FREDA CLARKE, City— You have
lived ■ reckless and adventurous life and
are too indifferent to public opinion. You
are good-hearted, but Inclined to be care
less of the feelings of others.
MISS (_. E. A. —You have a great deal
of courage and energy. You are practi
cal and sensible and will marry well. You
will travel and find life as a general thing
pleasant.
MRS. P. M.— Yours is a -hand expressing
more sense than sentiment. Your cher
ished hopes have not been realized. A
great sorrow has left Its Impression upon
your mind. You will travel much.
PAULINE V., Cloverdale— Y'ou will suc
ceed In music if you have mire money to
cultivate your talent: but financial con
ditions Interfere with your progress.
There is a piece of good fortune for you
In the future.
MISS E. M. G., Fifteenth street— You
will have to take care not to overtax
your brain. Your lines all show that
whatever Illness you suffer would par
ticularly affect the brain. You will marry,
but It would be as well if you did not.
P. L. L., 1029 Market street— You would
make a good pawnbroker.- Your sympa
thies will never overpower your prudence.
You are somewhat too penurious. You
have had serious domestic trouble.
ROSCOE LA PLAA-Ybur hand shows
some ability, but you lack originality.
You are sensitive to a fault. You will not
marry until late in life, and then not as
happily as you could wish.
LOLITA 8.. San Jose—You will excel in
your art If you do not allow your interest
in the opposite sex to absorb too much
time. You will marry at 26.
MRS. A. 1. M.— This is a good motherly
hand, true in affection. There Is only one
marriage to be seen in It. You are affec
tionate, but not sentimental, and had
many financial trials ln early life and one
great sorrow.
EVA DALE. Stockton— You are some
what flirtatious and foolish at times, and
your love of admiration will lead you into
some difficulties. You are too easily in
fluenced and should choose friends care
fully. You will not marry until after 30,
but will take a long journey at 2S.
STAR LIGHT, This hand lacks
force and shows too much sentiment. You
are fond of forms and ceremonies iind the
beauties of art and nature. , You are in
clined to be blind and fearful about your
future, but you. have no real reason to be
so. You must take good care of your
health between the apes of 2S and 29.
"LADY* MARTIESE," San Jose—
palm does not Indicate a. very strong or
determined nature: on the contrary, Tt Is
somewhat too sensitive and too fond of
expressions. You have some dramatic
and elocutionary ability, but an early
heart affair will take your attention from
serious and earnest study. You will have
much happiness. ••'.-:
MISS F. M. A. G:— You will marry, but
not until you have had your full share
of disappointments. You are so broad
minded and practical that the average
man of. your, acquaintance simply annoys
yoy. but the right one will come after a
while.
MISS F. F. V.— are rather too
changeable to make the most of your life.
You will be happy in your married life
and see a good deal of the world and
have two children. Cultivate repose of
manner and stnhilitv of character.
LADY' ELEANOR R.. San Jose— The
owner of this hand will experience many
changes in life, will marry twice — once
early In life. You are capable of making
a success in life. Independent of matri
mony, for you are resourceful and have
much latent energy.
MR. H. L., Golden Gate avenue— This is
the hand of an honest, phlegmatic Indi
vidual, who can talk weil but ddes not
carry out plans with as much force as
would be desirable. An accident Is threat
ened at 45, but can he avoided with proper
care. . .
■ _» ■
Madar.ie Neergaard, pupil of St. Genialn.
Madarae Neergaard, pupil of St.' Gertjala,
scientific palmist; reading, by mall,' $1; offlce
hourß 1 to 8 p. m." 618 Geary st., above Jones; j
classes. .
Dibblee, Walter A. Wilkins and Law
rence Stoakes. __
Sailed Away. }:;i
The steamer Australia sailed for Hono-
The steamer Australia sailed for Hono
lulu on Wednesday, August 23, carrying
the following passengers: Mrs. George
Ashley and children, Miss Atkinson, W.
H. Bailey, I. H. Beadle. Mrs. F. C. Berg
gren, Harry Blake and wife, Miss S. L.
Byington, J. B. Castle, Miss Vera Chand
ler, C. Christian, Miss T. Coleman, E. L.
Cutting. H. T. Damon. Miss M. Damon,
Mrs. A. J. Derby, C. Bccles, J. C. Evans
and wife. Miss " Katherine C. Fairchild,
Miss G. Fernbach. Brother Francis, S. P.
French. Charles Harkinson, Miss M.
Hons. Miss B. Hopper, Mrs. George W.
Kiester and two children, Ernest Kopke
Jr.. Miss Ellen M Bee. Miss H. McCrack
en. C. A. McDonald. Miss Nellie McPher
son, Brother Michael, John A. Moore,
Mrs. Z. K. Myers Mrs. George H. Paris
and child. Miss M. Peterson, Master J.
Peterson, Mrs. C. H. Phillips. S. Schoen
feld. Mrs. -Robert Scott, P. Snyder. H. D.
Thlrkleld. Miss Eugenia Thomas, Mrs. M.
Thompson, L. M. Tucker, Miss Jennie C.
Van Norstrand. A. F. Wall. Miss A. Wall,
F. E. Wall. George S. Wells. W. P. Whit
ley. Mrs. S. G. Wilder, Thomas S. Young
and Ernest Kopke.
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. S. J. Bernard have re-
Mr. and Mrs. S. J. Bernard have re
turned from their trip and will bo at home
to-day from 2 to 5 p. m. at their residence,
1562 Fulton street.
Dr. and Mrs. Kratoszyner, at present in
Europe, will return November 1.
Mrs. O. F. yon Rhein and Mrs. G. W.
Luce, Miss Mabel Luce and Master Roy
Luce are about to leave for New York.
After a short stay in the East they will
cross the Atlantic, to remain abroad from
one to two years.
Mrs. D. Aaron and family of 665 McAl
lister street have removed to 1613 Sutter
street, where they will be pleased to see
their friends.
Mrs. A. L. Brown of Marysville is visit-
Winner of Prize
(guessing Contest
i? GUESS THAT THE TRANSPORT' SHERMAN WITH THE i
T^OUEsTtHaTtHE TRANSPORT SHERMAN WITH THE \
CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS WILL BE SIGHTED BYTHE r
I TIMEKEEPER OF THE MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE^ AT: 1
| Wontjfi**^ .... DateM. Jeour. . ST i^TJfinuto ** . Second}//. . J '
\ qamo'?fa+<L...fo<&lff. *g..°£tfpL. J
V Address.....^^.<£^ Qhi^;,.*y-
»«-_*« *---^o»*-^-c_.*--^-*=^--*-->-»-*->^^
Coupon That Won the Prize.
MRS. MARY L. DAY of San Lorenzo, Cal., has won The Sunday Call
prize guessing contest as to when the transport Sherman would
be sighted. Tfce ladies of California always have been good
guessers, but Mrs. Day has proved herself a wonder, for she called the
time within forty-four seconds. .
Mrs. Day stated the time of arrival as 5 o'clock 42 minutes and 16
seconds p. m. of August 23. The transport was sighted at Point Lobos
by John Hyslop, the official marine observer for the Merchants' Ex-
change, at exactly 5:43 p. m. of August 23.
Mrs. Day will be well repaid for her lucky guess and the small
amount of time required in preparing and mailing her coupon, for she
will receive $50 in bright, shining gold for herself, besides the credit
of donating $50 to the general fund of the entertainment committee for
our brave Californians just returned.
Thousands upon thousands of coupons have been overwhelming
The Call Coupon Editor for the past week. Every one felt that they
would like to have a chance to express an opinion upon the question
which has been paramount in the minds of — when would the boys ar-
rive? The ship reached port so much sooner than the majority of peo-
ple anticipated that of course the greater, number of guessers missed the
mark by a day or so. Still, there were many who made most remarkably
close estimates.
The following show as fine calculation as the oldest sea captain
could expect:
Miss K.I. Burns, 640 Oak street, city, 5:45; Louis Kreiger, 230
Sixth street, city, 5:45:08; C. Hadle,* 7o7 Market street, city, 5:45:10;
John Peters, 23 Eureka street, city. 5:45:11; Mrs. H. W. Macdonald,
1313 Twelfth avenue. East Oakland, 5:45:20; Mary Johnston, 507 An-
dover avenue, 5:45:32; Mrs. E. Finley, 620 Octavia street, city, 5:45:30;
Margaret Marks, 814 California street, 5:45:30; A. H. Bayless, 75 Chron-
icle building, 5:45:30; Edwin Kendall, 635 Mission street, 5:45:40; H. E.
Christin, San Jose, Cal., 5:45:45; F. W. Davenport, Marysville, Cal.,
5:45:45 — all, of course, dated August 23, and p. m.
Mr. Hyslop, the marine observer for the Merchants' Exchange,
considers the time of sighting as most remarkable. He says it is not
once in a hundred times that a vessel is sighted exactly on the minuto.
•fjhe; jficrchanfs* Exchange Association
OF* SAN FRANCISCO
f I / /
/iry ff-.^&zj, y
jf / . \ *,-*-x^*» • <✓» -•• i^y**cL>-c~{_^y
Jl£ V-> -^ — -
Lo~TX^y 4^s£&jlj .^t if^J./^sfy^'gieurf
f)?<t -7-y y st *■ -> ■■"' •' * *v^
tSJ 3 - £&*L*< 'Z&«^£- <U<2t~Cxe< sOCt**-*. £%£
Oi^C^^ <c? sr ior
/
Official Announcement of Time.
Official Announcement of Time.
f
Ing her mother. Mrs. D. Aaron, at 1613 1
Sutter street, where she will be pleased
to see her friends.
Mrs. Albert Kingsford and her. daughter
Claire have returned from New •York
City.
Mrs. Captain S. H. Burtls and Mrs. J.
A. Hosta have returned from Eureka, Cal.
Mrs. Hosta leaves shortly for Santa Bar
bara to visit her daughter, Mrs. C. L.
Donohoe. ; -■ s ■•* . ' - •
Mrs. Philip S. Beel will receive her
friends the last Friday of each month at
1451 Leavenworth street.
Miss Ettie Goldtree of Tucson, Ariz.,
Is visiting her relatives at 1451 Leaven
worth street.
Dr. and Mrs. Alfred Sander will be
pleased to see their friends the first Sat
urday evening in the month at their home,
2233 Santa Clara avenue, Alameda.
Miss Annie Sullivan of Marvsville Is vis
iting her sister, Mrs. J. J. Kenny, at 410
Van Ness avenue." Y'.--'' _.;'•■
Miss Lizzie Brannan. daughter of Public
Administrator Brannan of Marysville, is
visiting Mrs. J. J. Kenny of 410 Van Ness
avenue.
Mrs. William Willis, Miss Scott and Miss
Doherty are at Lake Tahoe, where they
have been for the past month. Later they
will go to Castle Crag.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Mensor (nee Schwartz)
have returned from their three weeks' so
journ in the northern cities and are stop
ping temporarily at the St. . Nicholas
Hotel.
Los Angeles.
The tennis tournament at Santa Monica
has been the principal factor of interest
in the social world and for the present'
Los Angeles society has forsaken the
royal game of golf for the livelier one of
tennis.
There have been tennis luncheons, ten
nis teas, tennis parties and tennis balls.
Chief among these entertainments was
the annual tennis ball given by Mr. and
Mrs. Roy Jones at the Casino on Satur
day night. The ballroom was very pret-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ESTABLISHED 1889
Visitors to the City
Are respectfully invited to examine our
large and varied stock of seasonable
goods, including everything desirable
and in demand in the line of Staple and
Fancy Dry Goods and Boys' and Chil-
dren's Clothing.
To our regular patrons as well as
visitors we specially recommend the
following:
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
Black English Cheviot, all wool, 58 Inches wide, at 81 25 per yard.
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
For one week commencing on Monday, 2Sth inst.— Crepon and Novelty
effects in mixed suitings. 10c per yard.
Navy Blue Serge, 62 Inches wide. 20c per yard.
LADIES' JACKETS.
Ladies' Kersey Cloth Jackets, In black, navy and tan, fly or double-
breasted fronts, faced with silk, tailor-finished teams; extra value at
87 50 each.
CO/WFORTERS,
Five cases Bed Comforters, full size for double beds, fine white cotton
filling and covered with pretty sllkoline, tufted, the soft, fluffy kind; ex-
cellent value for *1 15 each. , ;-,--;:
LADIES' NECKU/EAR.
Stocks, Collarettes and Jabots in new styles and complete assortment,
at prices from $1 OO to $3 50 each.
HOSIERY.
Ladies' Fast Black Cotton Hose, full finished with double heels and
soles; excellent value at 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c per pair.
REAL OSTRICH EEATHER BOAS.
An entirely new stock, which, owing to our having placed orders prey-
ious to the advance in Ostrich Feathers, we will continue to sell at th«
old prices, including our line of elegant Collarettes and 36, 45 and A
**-- Inch Boas In black, French gray and white colors.
[MIM Murphy Building:, /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sis.
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
tllv decorated with flowers and ferns and
bunting in the national colors was grace-
fully draped about. The affair was one of
the pleasantest of the season and was en-
joyed by about sixty couples. Supper
was served in the rooms of the Bohemian
Club, and during the evening the prizes
were awarded, to the victorious contest-
ants of the tennis tournament.
Mrs. Randolph Miner was one of the
charming hostesses of Saturday. She was
assisted in receiving by Mrs. Otherman
Stevens. Mrs. Wilbur Parker, Mrs. J. E.
Plater. Mrs. Longstreet, Miss Winston,
Miss Newmark, Miss Smith. Miss Wood-
ward and Messrs. Remish, Schumacher
and Tobin. V: -'-'.''.V'.
The announcement of the engagement
of Miss Margaret Winston and W. . C.
Woodward was made and Miss Winston
has therefore been the guest of honor at
a number of functions.
Mr. Woodward gave ' a banquet at the
Arcadia on Sunday -in celebration of his
engagement. The tables were artistically
decorated with ferns and pansies and coy-
ers were laid for thirty. Those present
besides the guest of honor and host were:
Lieutenant and Mrs.' R. H. Miner, Mr.
and Mrs. J. C. Drake, Mr. and Mrs. Wil-
bur Parker, Mr. and Mrs. O. A. Stevens,
Mrs. A. de B. Baker, Mrs. W. W. Long-
street, Mrs. M. A. Wilcox, Mrs. J. H. F.
Peck. Mrs. J. E. Plater, Mrs. John Gaf-
fey, Mrs. Fulton, Miss Julia Winston.
Miss Rose Newmark, Miss Carrie Win-
ston, Miss Patty Woodward. Miss Par-
ker, Robert Rowan, Will Wolters. Alfred
Wilcox, Mr. Tobin, Burdette Ross, Mr.
Schumacher and Mr. Remish.
Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Wilshire held a re-
ception at the Arcadia on Friday evening.
Dancing furnished the chief amusement
until midnight, when supper was served
in the glass annex of the grill. The tables
were lighted with red shaded candelabra
and elaborately decorated with ferns and
carnations. Covers were laid for seventy.
The Misses Irene Stevens, Gertrude Ma-
son and Echo Allen were the guests, of
Miss Jette Thorn at Santa Monica dur-
ing tennis week and the Misses Kather-
me Landt, Genevieve Smith. Fanny
Layng and- Mayme Hendricks were the
guests of Miss Helen Eaton at the same
place.
Miss Mary Mesmer is spending the re-
mainder of the summer with ncr annt,
Mrs. Griffith J. Griffith, at Santa Monica.
Dr. and Mrs. Davidson gave a banquet
at the Arcadia on Thursday in honor of
Mrs. Margaret Collier -Graham of South
Pasadena.
At Terminal Island the Misses Bessie
Schemmell, Kittle Kurtz, Lucie Mitchell,
Grace Laubersheim, Mac Hitchcock,
Eileen Mitchell, Mac Bosfcyshell, Babe
Gordon, Florence Silent, Hettie Milner,
Daisy Cross, Messrs. Sterling Booth, Fred
Lambourne, Harry Wood, Jack Taylor,
Rube Christie, Frank Rule, Harry Holi-
bard, Ed Holler and Dan and George
Laubersheim enjoyed one of the most
pleasant outings of the season. The
young people rowed over to Mormon
Island, where supper was served, after
which they returned home to the accom-
paniment of the sweet strains of the gui-
tar and mandolin.
With so much taking place at the sea-
shore it would hardly seem possible that
anything of interest ih the social world
could take place in the city. However,
such is not the case.
Mrs. Ezra T. Stimson gave a pink lunch-
eon on Wednesday at her home in West
Adams street. The affair was in honor
of Mrs. Robert Clark, who is visiting her
parents, Mr. and Mrs. Ben Goodrich. The
table was artistically decorated in pink
roses, ferns and satin ribbons, and coy-
ers were laid for eight. The guests were:
Mesdames Robert Clark. R. G. Bundrem
Jack Jevne, William West, and the Miss-
es Sarah Goodrich, Lila Fairchild and
Helen Fairchild.
Mrs. Stimson also entertained on Friday
in honor of Mr. Stlmson's birthday an
niversary. The decorations were red rib-
bons and red carnations, and the lights
were shaded with red. Covers were laid
for twelve, and the guests were: Messrs
George Steckel. Percy Schumacher, Rob
ert Clark, John T. Jones, William West
F. T. Griffith, Jack Foster, W. H. Holli
day, Frank Kelsey, W. A. Baker and R.
G. Bundrem.
Rev. and Mrs. Fletcher held a reception
Friday In honor of Mrs. William H. Howe
wife of the famous painter of animals'
who is here on a visit from New York'
About 150 guests were present during the
afternoon, which was spent in social in
tercourse. Light refreshments ' were
served by the young lady students of the
6rt school, of which Rev. Dr. Fletcher Is
president.
Mrs. W. Edlehoff and her daughter
Miss Dorothy Edlehoff, of West Adams
street left for the East last week They
will visit Colorado Springs. Kansas City
and St. Louis before returning to Los An
geles.
Messrs. Fred W. Gillette, Jack Tebbets
Sam Moulton, Will Reed, F.- W Sal"*
bury, Harry H. Baskcrville 1 and Captain
Christy left last week for a cruise on the
yacht Allie. The party will visit the San
ta Barbara Islands and will be gone about
two weeks. ••>■■■"
Miss Elizabeth Wainwright, who was
the guest of Mayor Eaton and family at
Catalina, has returned to her home in San
Francisco..
Miss Maude Bell, the youngest daughter
of Major" Horace Bell of South Figuero
street, is In Oakland attending Mills Sem
inary. .
. Miss Nettie Mueller, accompanied by her
cousin. Mrs. Anna Hplvig. and Miss Hel
vic, will leave for Denver, Col., next week.
. Winthrop Blackstone.. one of the Stan
ford boys of '«), left last week for Japan,
where he will spend six months in sight
seeing.
Mrs. Beatriz A. Macdonald and son. who
have been sojourning in our city for the
past month, left Wednesday for Portland,
where they formerly resided. Mrs. Mac
donald is so pleased with our glorious cli
mate and beautiful city that she will re-
turn In two weeks to reside here per
manently. sBSBHBwRnSS_MS__aS
At the Resorts."
. AETNA SPRINGS— The recent arrivals
at Aetna Springs include the following:
Edgar Straus, Sydney, Australia; Mrs. S.
Blssenger. F. O. Gellnas, G. A. Hoffman,
WOMAJTSBREAST AND MAN'S LIP
W"' J-': latfJ-'*PAm* NOPAT
V j\ seen in my of-
\ . '•*' *P y k fices. Lady at-
_- KMfc^^^l^^^^OT^ Woman's Breist
Woman's Breast
And if allowed to get large always poisons th«
glands in the armpit. When cancer in th»
armpit gets large cure is almost impossible.
BOOK. SENT FREE
With addresses and testimonials of thousand*
I have cured In California. . • -'..■:
S. R. CHAMLEY, M.D., 25 Third St., S*F.
* : ' ' LITTLE PALACE SANITARIUM.
C_ySend this to some one with cancer.
George P. Thomas, William J. Richard,
c. Ellis, Mrs. J. H. Broadman, Miss Alice
Broadman, Miss Snyder. M. E. Unger,
Robert E. Dollard. John Dollard, William
J. Bush, San Francisco; Esther E. Cous-
ens, Boston. Mass.; S. Sweetland, Miss
Virginia Dollerhide. Mrs. E. B. Hartson,
Miss Ethel Hartson. Napa; T. H. Buck-
ingham, wife and two children, Vacaville;
E. E. Blodgett, Oat Hill; J. H. Beers,
Chicago; H. E. Prouty, W. A. McKinder,
Louise Saar, St. Helena; Paul Brintz, J.
Grimm. Calistoga. ..;■-.
SUMMER HOME FARM— The following
guests registered here during the week:
Mrs. E. Wreden, J. F. Witzel, Mrs. J. F.
Witzel, J. Nordman. J. Noonan, Mrs. J.
Noonan, San Francisco; Walter ' N.
Fischer, San Jose; Mrs. W. G. Smith,
Penryn.
SARATOGA SPRINGS— following
were the arrivals at Saratoga Springs for
the week ending August 23: Mrs. Leon
Levy, L. ;Cerf, E. C. McNamara, Charlea
H. Wehr and wife, S. Weil, R. J. Russ,
Henry B. Somers, E. C. French, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Liebes. C. Blinco, R. S. Lawrence,
wife and child. Frank Freltlsch, J. R.
Freitsch, I. L. Kruger. Miss Eva Kruger,
Miss Jennie Kruger, T. Oppenheimer and
son, Mr. and Mrs. D. Marx, E. C. Crow-
ley and wife, Mrs. D. Liebes and maid,
Mrs. A. A brains and six children, San
Francisco. Captain A. Johnson and wife,
Hugo Abrahamson, Mrs. Hugo Abraham
son, Mr. and Mrs. John Barry, Ernest
Bates and wife, Oakland. William Eldred
and M. Tate. Ukiah. Miss S. M. Fitzpat
rick and L. Olger, Redwood City. S.
M. Babcock, T. P. Adams, Harry
Adams, Miss F. Adams, B. J. Curby and
wife, Solomon Parker, P. J. Rigby. L.
Thornton, Sacramento. Miss Carrie J.
Pratt,. Otto Lutgen and wife, Alameda
PARAISO SPRlNGS— Following are the
past week's arrivals at flic springs:
George D. Edwards, J. Nightingale, Mr.
Sansome, Robert A. Doak, Helen Bardin,
Winone Bardin. Henry Prlen, Mrs. < '. B.
Bailey, Nat Lowenstein. Mrs. P. Crowley,
Miss Josephine Crowley. P. M. Delaney,
E. C. Cooney. H. H. McColllster and wife,
Mrs. E. Holland, Joe Hayes, P. Crowley,
James C. Dunphv. S. Sanders, J. T. Per
rault, Miss Julie Bahrs. Miss Nellie Bahrs,
Mrs. J. Hayes. Miss M. Grey. San Fran
cisco; Louis Bomaster and wife, C. Quirk,
Louis Soberar.es. Miss M. de Mange, Sole-
dad: Mr. and Mrs. William O'Brien and
children, L. Sanborn, Joe Day. L. S. Alex
ander. J. W. Baxter, Watsonville: Charles
X. O'Brien. Elmira. N. V.: N. A. Dorn,
Robert A. Garside, G. Laplerre.
SEIGLER SPRINGS— The following
people are registered at Selgler Springs
this week: H. C. Wyman and wife. James
Magee. John Nicholson and wife. Mrs.
Steppenbach. H. H. Elliot. Miss George
Hendy, Miss Ida M. Murray, Miss Eila
Battles, A. J. Elselor, Miss Sophie Baum
garten. George Henderson. F. Wilder and
wife. M. S. Keiley. Anna J. Morgan, Alice
Healey, Mabel Kalloch, Mrs. W. Johnson,
San Francisco: James Reed. Oakland; J.
H. Rolmer, M. L. Hoffman. Vallejo; L. E.
! Walker, B. B. Franklin. Woodland; J. M.
Baldwin, Colonel Schllty. Suisun..
Home Again.*— Get the Wasp's souvenir
of the California Volunteers' return.
Thlrtv-two pages of war pictures. For
sale at all newsdealers. 25 cents. •
When Mrs. Nettle
Harrison's 4-day Hair
WA Restorer will bring
BM / ■_ _ ._. back the natural col-
V■ / ■"*■ « T or? Gray or faded hair
WW B I m/ restored permanently
II i| f without Inconvenience
I | Jim ¥ and with no disagree-*
toj able after effects. Not
v a dye; is clearly;
leaves no sediment,
Band does not make the
I hair sticky. All drug-
1/ /*\ gists sell it at $1.00. ■*
iy. Superfluous Haip
M*-W '*" Removed permanently
by the Electric Needle
as operated by me.
■ 11*51 \J Mrs;^^ hUm
1 1 -CH V DERMATOLOGIST,
J 4Q-4Z Gear) St., San FranciscoLAID IN WAIT
FOR HIS WIFE
AND SHOT HER
James Kelly Behind!
Prison Bars.
WOUND MAY NOT PROVE FATAL
AN ACTION FOR DIVORCE WAS
THE CAUSE.
First Shot Fired Was Effective, but
Murdfer Was Prevented by the
Murdfer Was Prevented by tbe
Brave Action of Motor-
man Tibbitts.
man Tibbitts.
James F. Kelly, a weigher for the Pa
cific Coast Coal Company, made a delib
erate attempt to murder his wife, Flor
ence Kelly, at Third and Brannan streets,
yesterday afternoon. He would probably
have accomplished his purpose had It not
•been for a faulty weapon, which permitted
of the prompt and effective Intervention
of Motorman T. B. Tibbitts.
Kelly and his wife have been separated
for the past fourteen months, which time
the wife has spent in Honolulu with her
father, Thomas Taylor, who is a black
smith. Accompanying her on this trip
.tvas their only child, Charles Francis
Kelly, a lad 3 years of age. According
'to Kelly's statement, it was the loss of the
'child, as well as his wile's action for di
vorce, which prompted him to the deed.
Mrs. Kelly returned to San Francisco on
the last trip of the Australia and imme
diately commenced an action for divorce
-against her husband. The specified ground
'vas failure to provide. The papers were
ec-rved on Kelly, and when he learned
'that his child had been left In Honolulu
1.. was furious.
fester-day afternoon Mrs. Kelly had oc
casion to visit the Mail dock. She was ac
.companied by a lady friend, and alighted
' from a car at the corner of Third and
-Brannan streets. Kelly, who was stand
ing at the corner, .-aw her approach, and
••when she stepped on the sidewalk deilb
'^-ratelv drew a revolver from his pocket
'and tired at her while her back was to
;ward him. The bull entered her neck
fend she fell to the sidewalk with a shriek
•tof pain. Not satisfied with the work he
<haa already accomplished, the angered
."•husband pulled tne trigger a sec
t-end and a third time, out the car
tridges . .ed to explode. Then it was that
-Motorman Tibbitts leaped from car llui
rot' the Third street line and bravely
Hushed to the woman's rescue. He was
■ armed with a brass controller handle, and
[■when he reached Kelly he dealt him a
►stunning blow on the head, knocking him
Mown and inflicting a wound on the scalp.
r Officer James O'Connor by this time had
I arrived on the scene, and disarming the
! mail took him in charge.
At Mrs. Kelly s request a hack was sum
. moned ana sue was taken to St. Mary a
t-Hospltai. Kelly was taken tO tilt- Ke
ftceiving Hospital, in re bis wounds were
• dressed by Or. Cluness. letter be was
■"•taken to the Central police station and
'booked for assault to commit murder. He
Hn i' 2 years ot age. and his wife is ten years
{younger. The couple were married In this
rcity about fifteen years ago. Mrs. Kelly
ag a native of Hull, Eng and. She is stop-
Cping with Mrs. Beaham at 13 Valley street
:-in this city.
Kelly said thp.t he got a letter from a
! friend in Honolulu that some one there
'-was putting up the money for his wife to
• obtain the divorce from him. She left
Ihim fourteen months ago to visit her par
.t-nts, and the understanding was that she
'-was to return in a month, but she seemed
to have made big acqu.-untances there and
staved on coming back to get a divorce
from him. H. had been unable to pro
vide for her, as she had been .* stopping
with her parents. He felt her treachery
keenly, more particularly as she had left
their boy in Honolulu. He hoped she was
not seriously hurt.
The bullet entered Mrs. Kelly's neck
in the back and lodged under the Inferior
maxillary on the left side, where it will
be located by means of the x ray. Her
wound Is not considered serious. After
the affair she talked but little, simply
saylng that she believed her action for
divorce had prompted her husband in his
act.
THE ABBOTT
WINS THE FREE
FOR ALL TROT
Victory for the Pacer
Aniaconda.
— •
Bpe«al Dispatch to The Call.
READVTLDE, Mass., Aug. * 26. —The
Grand Circuit meeting at the Readvllle
track closed to-day with splendid victories
by The Abbott In the free for all trot and
Anaconda in the 2:04 pace. The after
noon's sport was marred by the laying up
of Volo Maid In the 2:25 trot and her dis
qualification, together with her driver.
Ben Demarest, both of whom are barred
from the track for a year.
In the first heat Volo Maid went out
from the bunch and had a commanding
lead until the turn, when she seemed to
drop back suddenly and Cello jumped
ahead, with Paul Pry coming up strong.
GRAPE-NUTS.
| Good Food |
■ Will Alone ■
5 Cure Many m
• DISEASES. •
gj H
■ ,i 5
-£*__ **-•«-*• £&
| GRAPENUTS. 5
- GRAPE=NUTS. g|
■•■•■•-•■-•■•■
QUICKLY RENOVATES THE
QUICKLY RENOVATES THE
ENTIRE BODY.
Improper food is responsible for
many ailments of humanity.
When one finds a sickness Impending
it is safer to make a radical change in
the food than to go to self-drugging.
Your physician would tell you that
is true.
There are times when one needs the
advice and care of a physician, but for |
plight disorders the surest and safest
way Is to change the food completely, j
Try, for example, for ten days the j
following breakfast: A little fruit,
(little if any sugar), a dish of Grape- j
Nuts (a famous breakfast food) ahd !
cream, a cup of Postum Cereal Food j
Coffee and nothing more. Our word for j
it, you will feel a distinct gain in
health and strength much as if • the j
whole body had been washed clean and
put in first-class order. It is certainly
worth a trial if active good health is
worth anything. „ /-'', ■:':,
The finish was sensational, for Paul Pry I
made a great burst of speed, but unfor- I
tunately broke right under the wire, get- |
ting a setting back. Cello taking the heat. !
The Judges did not like the driving of j
Volo Maid and substituted McHenry for
Ben Demarest. The change was a good
one, for Volo Maid stepped, a great sec-
ond heat, Paul Pry again being set back
for running, although finishing two
lengths ahead of Volo Maid.
The horses were given a wretched start
for the third heat, and while Volo Maid
led most of the distance Fleetwood and
Hope came up strong. Fleetwood won by
a short neck.
In the fourth and deciding heat Fleet-
wood led from the start, but Volo Maid
gave him a fine race, probably losing the
race by a break near the wire.
The four horses In the free-for-all were
sent away on the first heat in good shape,
Eagle Flanagan having the pole. John
Nolan pulled away and led to the quarter,
followed by Kentucky Union and Blngen.
On the backstretch Blngen jumped Into |
the lead, followed by The Abbott, and the
two had a grand fight to the finish.
The Abbott caught the Forbes horse at
the three-quarters pole. Blngen seemed
winded and Eagle Flanagan nearly caught
him, while The Abbott finished a length
ahead, going easy. - The second and decid-
ing heat was almost a repetition of the
first, except that The Abbott showed a
' still greater burst of speed at the finish
and Bingen was lifted off his feet at the
wire.
The great pacers, Searchlight, Anaconda,
Roan Wilkes and Bessie Bonehill, came
out for the 2:04 pace. The start of the
first heat was seemingly a poor one, for
Bonehill, having the pole, was two lengths
behind. Her driver nodded for the word
! and the horses were sent away. Roan
.Wilkes took the pule at once and left
Searchlight at the quarter, with Anaconda
' light up. The horses were close at the
half. Searchlight being almost even with
Wilkes. At the three-quarters Wilkes,
; Searchlight and Anaconda were on even
! terms, and it looked like a sensational ;
i finish.
| Anaconda and Roan Wilkes had a great
JAMES F. KELLY'S Murderous Assault Upon His Wife at Third and
Brannan Streets.
drive, but the favorite. Searchlight, broke
and came In last. Anaconda taking the ■
heat by two lengths over Roan Wilkes.
Despite his bad showing In the first heat.;
Searchlight was the favorite in the sec- j
ond, but he again disappointed his back- !
ers. Roan Wilkes took the pole at the
start, but Anaconda and Searchlight were j
right at his wheel. The race to the half |
was a fine one. the three horses being well j
bunched and going very fast. Searchlight
was going into the lead very rapidly,
when he suddenly went into the air. He
calmed almost Immediately and once more |
started after the leaders, but again the
pace was too hot and he broke for the sec- ,
ond time.
Anaconda and Wilkes had a grand fight
to within a hundred yards of the wire,
when the latter became tired and Ana
conda won the heat and race. Summary:
Free-for-all trotting, purse $300, best two
in three—The Abbott won in straight
heats, Eagle Flanagan second, Blngen
third. Kentucky Union and John Nolan
also started. Time by quarters: First
heat— :33. 1:04%. 1:36, 2:OBV*. Second heat,
:31-._». 1:04, 1:36. 2:06%.
2:04 pace, purse $3000— Anaconda won in -
straight heats. Roan Wilkes second.
Searchlight third. Bessie Bonehill also
started. Time by quarters— First heat— |
:30, 1:02*4. 1:34, 2:05*4. Second heat— :31, 1:03,
1:33%; 2:06*4.
2:14 class, trotting, purse $1500. best two
in three (completed)— Celibate won sec
ond and third heats. Time— 2:l2*>i. 2:12%.
Timbret won first heat in 2:14% and was
second. Norvette third. Little Dick, Miss
Beatrice. Muchado, improvidence, Con
fessor and Nicola also started.
2:23 class, trotting, purse $1500— Best two
in three Fleetwood won third and fourth
heats. Time— 2:l3*-4. 2:18*4- Volo Maid won
second heat in 2:13% and was second. Cello ;
won first heat in 2:17-% and was third.
Hope, Lasso. Alice Barries. Jamala. Annie ;
Burns and Sadie L also started. I
HAVE COME TO GREET
THEIR GALLANT BOYS
A the arrivals the Palace B
a distinguished B
party frem who I
in or-B
der to the volunteers their I
are now on their home-B
from the M** ____
McCum-B
Spalding, I
Senator Hans- 1
adjutant ß
the National B
other gentlemen B
arc in a capac-B
As is the case the delegations ■
from the other States who I
have arrived weeks. B
no particular beenß
made for the theß
as mat-B
ters in charge to the vet-B
before BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBi
Their position is from I
that the people California. Call-B
are the first B
State the men had
to be to the minute theß
hearing sighted. B
Those troops belonging to interior ■
States remain here month B
or so before being mustered out andß
allowed to return to their homes. This gives a respite, which their friends are
very wisely taking advantage of to learn their preferences, in order that the
reception may be everything that the boys desire.
It has been decided, however, that the welcome, when lt is extended, will
come from the different towns from which the companies were recruited, and
not from the State as a whole, except in some of its more general particulars.
No special arrangement has yet been made to secure a train which will
take the boys to their homes without any expense to themselves. The regi
ment Is expected to arrive on the Grant, which is due to come in within the
next four or five days, and before tnat time has passed some agreement will
be entered Into between the railroad companies and the people of North Da-
kota which will relieve the returning veterans from the necessity of standing
"their own fares. ..-*■•-
int.. */•*•»» ......
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, AUGUST 27, 1899.
BALSZ IS EASY
FOR THE DUDES
FROM OAKLAND
Crabs Go to Pieces
and Lose Game.
MANY HITS AND RANK ERRORS
HABDEE DISTINGUISHES HIM-
SELF AT A CRISIS.
SELF AT A CRISIS.
Fireworks, Fumbling, Base Stealing
and Fringy Fielding Give the
Dudes an Opportunity
Dudes aii Opportunity
Long Looked For.
Long Looked For.
Oakland 11, Santa Cruz 4.
At last the Dudes have found their
measure. At least that ls what the soft
ppoken Brummellans of the Athenic city
spoken Brummellans of the Athenlc city
call it. In other words, they have won
i game by fast work, due to an instillation
of gingery, patriotic spirit attendant up- j
on the homecoming of the soldiers. It was
the work of a single inning, a combination
of errors and hits, that did it all. At the
end of the run-getting spasm Oakland
mustered up seven tallies, and the fried
Crabs were wallowing ln a stagnant pond
of fulsome errors.
Both teams made a good flying start,
but the finish was poor. Two Innings
passed with but a single hit and no runs.
Then Santa Cruz let out a reef and did
something. Dalrymple hit to Schmeer, [
who threw wild to first, and Dal was safe
on the bag. Dike a thief in the night, he
appropriated the second bag, and scored
on Williams' double.
The Dudes were then given a turn at the
wheel, and the fireworks display they pre
sented to the crowd was of the First Cali
fornia reception order. Four balls were
used up in the controversial labors of the
Dudes to make amends for past apathetic
conduct. Stcffanl, Hutchinson and Ham
mond, occupying the bags on honest hits.
were pulled around to the rubber on a
three-bagger by Hardie. After this a se
ries of hits and errors forced Hardie, Dun
leavy, Schmeer and Dean across the plate,
and the scorer worked his arm sore by
ringing seven times. In the fifth the Dudes
added a couple more tallies to the score,
and one each in the seventh and eighth.
The Crabs were fed with a single bit*
in the seventh, and in the eighth they ate
a Dude or two. Dalrymple was hit on the
calf my Michael Angelo ""Steffani In the
seventh inning, and his base be took. Sec
ond was his on a passed ball, and a wild
throw gave him third. A hit by Williams
to Dunleavy forced Dalrymple over the
plate. In the eighth Pace and Streib
scored when Drennan worked a two-bag
ger to center.
Balsz was an easy mark for the Dudes,
SENATOR HANSBROUGH,
and the error column will tell the rest.
The score: _„,
SANTA CRbZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, 2 b 6 0 10 110
Devereaux, 3 b 4 0 0.1161
Pac», 1 b 3 110 9 0 1
Strelb c 4 110 8 0 0
Clark, r. f * 10 0 0 0
Drennan. c. f 3 0 1 0, 2 0 0
Arrelanes, a. 8 4 0 0 0 16 4
Dalrymple, 1. t 3 2 0 2 2 10
Balsz, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 1
Totals 33 4 6 S 24 16 7
OAKLAND.
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutchinson, lb 5 2 2 0 14 0 0
Hammond, c 5 10 0 5 10
Hardie, r. t 4 12 110 0
Dunleavy. 2 b 5 2 110 4 1
Lange, 3 b 5 112 2 3 0
Schmeer, s. s 4 2 12 0 2 1
Dean, c. t 4 12 14 10
Moskiman. If 4 0 0 110 0
Steffanl. p * 1 J. A. 0 A 0
Totals 40 11 10 8 27 12 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. .
Santa Cruz 0 01000120-4
Base hits 0 12000020— 1*
Oakland 0 0 7 0 2 0 11 -*-ll
Base hits 0 0 4 0 2 12 1 -*-10
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Balsz 3, Stpffanl 2.
Three-base hit— Hardie.. Two-base hits—Wil
liams, Dunleavy. Hutchinson. Sacrifice hit-
Hammond. First base on errors— Santa Cruz
2 Oakland 6. Firt base on called balls— Santa
Cruz 3 Oakland 1. Left on bases— Cruz
6, Oakland 6. Struck out— By Balsz 2by Stef
fanl 2. Hit by Dalrymple. Pace. Dou
ble play— Dalrymple to Balsz to Devereaux.
Passed- balls— Streib 1. Hammond 1. Time of
game— 2 hours. Umpire— J. O'Connell. Official
scorer— W. Stapleton.
Watsonville Babies Won.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 26.— Watson- |
ville Babies won from Sacramento to-day
In the tenth Inning. The game was one ;
of the best if not the best played here
this season. The score at the end of the
ninth inning was 1 to 1. In the tenth the i
locals added another button to the string,
but the visitors, owing to Sheehan's inde- '
cision and Eagan's error, scored two runs, J
with one man out. Harvey and Whelan j
pitched great ball. The features were |
lightning stops by Sheehan and Mc- I
Carthy and a double play by Brockoff and
Selna. The score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlin, I.f 5 1 1 1 0 0 0
Harvey, p 4 0 2 0220
O'Connor, 1 b 4 0 0 0 12 2 1
l-aran. s. s 4 0 i 0 0 1 1 1
Stanley, c 2 0 0 0 9 0 0
Doyle, r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 |
Phaiiahan. c. f 2 1 0 2 1 0 li
Stall, 2 b 4 0 10 0 2 0 1
Sheehan, 3 b 4 0 2 0 3 3 0 1
Totals 33 2 6 3 *23 10 3
WATSONVII_I_E.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
BrockofT. 3 b 3 0 0 0 13 1
McCarthy, s. c 3 0 0 0 2 4 0
Courtney, c. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 2
Selna. 1 b 4 1 1 0 15 0 0
Morrow, c 4 2 2 17 10
! Croll, r. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
■Billings, 2 b 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
. Hayes. 1. f 4 0 10 2 10
Whalen, p 8 0 0 0 0 8 0
Totals 32 3 4 1 30 15 <
•One out when winning run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 00010000 I—2
Base hits 1 00010001 B—6
Watsonville 0 00000010 2—3
Base hits , 0 00000010 3—4
SUMMARY.
i
Runs responsible for— Harvey 2. Whalen 1.
i Two-base hit— Harvey. Sacrifice hits— Stanley
(2), Shanahan, McCarthy, Billings. First base
on errors— Sacramento 3. Watsonville 3. First
base on balls— Harvey 1. off Whalen 3. Left
on bases Sacramento 7. Watsonville 4. Struck ;
out— By Harvey S, by Whalen 4. Double play— j
Brockoff to Selna. Wild pitch— Whalen. Time
:of game— 2 hours. Umpire— Levy. Scorer— I
fin.
!fln*
Uncle Hank's Men Victorious.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 2C— Uncle Hank Har
ris' Wasps defeated the local team here
to-day by a score of 4 to 1. Both sides
did very good work and were steady
throughout. Babbitt,' the new shortstop
signed by the local club, made a good
Impression. He made the lone run for
his team. The locals' weakness is in bat
ting. They connect with the ball, but a
fly is usually the result. Score:
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
McGucken, 4. f -J 0 10 10 0
Huston, c. t 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
ODea, Sb 3 0 2 10 4 3
Borchers, lb 4 0 0 0 13 0 0
Hanlon. r. f 4 0 0 0 1 10
Anderson, 2b 4 0 0 0 3 8 0
Babbitt, s. s 3 1110 8 1
Andrews, p 3 0 0 0 0 4 0
Kent, c 3 0 0 0 4 2 0
Totals 32 1 4 2 24 18 8
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hllrterbrandt, r. f... 3 1 0 1 l o 0
Muller. 1. f 3 0 2 13 0 0
Krug, s. a 3 12 0 3 2 0
Sullivan, lb 4 0 0 1 n o 0
Riley. 3b 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Swindells, c 4 0 114 11
Pyne, c. f 12 0 0 4 0 0
O'Neil, 2b 2 0 10 10 1
Iberg, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 26 4 6 4 27 8 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San JoEe 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 o—l
Base hits 1 0 10 10 0 0 I—4
San Francisco 0 10 0 0 0 2 1 •— 4
Base hits 1 10 0 0 112 •— 6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Andrews 2. Sacrifice
hits— Krug, Riley, O'Neil. First base on er
rors—San Jose 1, San Francisco 2. First base
on called balls— Han Francisco 5. Left on bases
—San Jose 5. San Francisco 6. Struck out— By
Iberg 5, by Andrews 3. Passed balls— Hanlon
1, Kent 2. Time of game— l hour and 40 min
utes. Umpire— Graves. Scorer— Waldorf.
LOOSE FIEDING GAME
Brooklyn Wins Easily From Chicago
by a Good Margin.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Ch_t.s_ W. L. Pet Clubs— W. L. Pet
Brooklyn ...72 35 .673 Chicago 56 51 .509
Boston 67 42 .615 j Pittsburg ...56 65 .504
Philadelpha 69 44 .610 New Y0rk... 49 69 .454
Baltimore ..64 42 .604 Louisville ..49 59 .454
Cincinnati ..60 47 .660 Washington 36 72 .333
St. L0ui5.... 62 61 .548. Cleveland ...19 95 .166
CHICAGO. Aug. 26.— Brooklyn played a loose
fielding game to-day, but won easily, as the
} locals could do nothing with MeJames. Calla
i han pitched four Innings, then retired, after
i having been pounded for thirteen hits and nine
i runs. Garvin allowed but three scattered hits
|in his five innings. Attendance 4800. Score:
I Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago •••• 6 6 3
! Brooklyn •• 10 16 6
I Batteries— Callahan, Garvin and Donahue;
I MeJames and McGulre. Umpires— Snyder and
' Connolly. l-:v.V ;
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 26.— The Perfectoi went at
i Bernhard with a vengeance in the first Inning
; to-day and hammered ln three runs. Orth then
relieved Bernhard and was Invincible. The
Quakers won out by timely batting and Don
lin's fumble of Delehanty's hit in the fifth
inning. Attendance 7000. Soore:
Clubs— ._,*; R. H. B.
St. Louis 4 10 2
Philadelphia 6 9 4
Batteries— Powell and Schrecongost; Bern
hard, Orth and McFarland. Umpires— Emslls
and McDonald.
CLEVELAND. Aug. 26.— New York won A
short game to-day ln a drizzling rain. After the
home team had finished the fifth inning play
was stopped on account of wet grounds. At
tendance 200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 14 1
New York 2 6 0
Batteries— Schmld and McAllister: Doheny
and Wilson. Umpires— Manassau and McGarr.
LOUISVILLE. Aug. 26.— T0-day's game was
close and exciting until the eighth, when the
Colonels clinched the victory by batting Kitson
for three runs. McGraw was put out of the
game by Umpire Hunt in the eighth inning for
kicking. Attendance 2300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 5 5 0
Baltimore 16 2
Batteries — and dimmer; Kitson and
Robinson. Umpires — O'Day and Hunt.
CINCINNATI. Aug. To-day's exhibition
was a miserable one, which the Reds won with
out effort. Attendance 2310. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 11 12 4
Washington 4 9 5
Batteries— Hahn and Peltz: Weyhing and
Roache. Umpires Swartwood and Dwyer.
PITTSBURG. Aug. 26.— Plttsburg-Boeton
game postponed because of rain.
WANTED FOR FORGERY.
Serious Charge Against a Butcher for
Altering a Receipt of the
Altering a Receipt of the
Market Inspector.
Market Inspector Gans swore to a com
plaint ln Judge Conlan's court yesterday
for the arrest of "John Doe" Anzini, a
butcher at Sixth and Natoma streets, on
a charge of forgery for altering a public
document.
August 9 Gans seized two calves in An*
zlnl's shop and gave him a receipt for
them on the form prescribed by the Board
of Health. Two days later Philip Deller
sold Anzini three calves. Anzini told him
to call back in an hour and he would pay
him fo rthe calves. When Deller returned
Anzini said that the market inspector had
called and seized the calves, showing him
the receipt, which had been altered from
August 9 to August 11, and from two to
three calves.
Deller knew that the calves he sold were
good, and a few days ago happened to
speak to the market Inspector about seiz
ing them, and the alteration of the re
ceipt developed.
» ♦ ■
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
■ ♦ .
A Wharf Fire.
At 10 o'clock last night there was an
alarm of flre for a blaze at the wharf at
alarm of flre for a blaze at the wharf at
•Mission and Steuart streets. A scow
Mission and Steuart streets. A scow
schooner had caught fire and was burn
schooner had caught flre and was burn
ing merrily. It was not so much for the
scow, however, that apprehension was be
ing felt, but because a gasoline launch,
with her tank full and ready to blow up.
was moored alongside in such a position
that she could not be readily moved. She
was finally got away and then the blaze
on the scow was extinguished.
■ ♦ »
Keith's announcement, society page. •
Keith's announcement, society page. •
■ ♦ ■
She Alleges Cruelty.
Mary F. Newman filed suit yesterday
for a divorce from her husband. Albert
for a divorce from her husband. Albert
Newman, alleging extreme cruelty as
cause of action.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL,"
BELTINO.
BELTINO.
Ln ner. CM Manufacturer of Belting and
Ln UEUL-n, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
f. lICUCII. Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St, cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOOKS AND STATIONBRY.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY,
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANI,
342 to 350 Geary Street, above Powell.
PERIODICALS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKB AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
900 BATTERY STREET.
000 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt H. BLYTH, Mgr.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt H. BLYTH. Mgr.
C. tV. Smith. Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
C. VV Smith, Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
end Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18
In ashington St. Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS* BOYES & CO,, c^-plnfeFuiiaienrabi°44
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & Hedley. Props.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
PAPER DEALERS.
W ILLAmh 11 1 722 Montgomery co*..
WILLMmLI IL -22 Montjom.rr Stres'.
PRINTINO.
PRINTING
E- C- n|jvlllt.-0* 511 Saiisome St.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO*. ||§f|l|f|
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tglcgo£eic "PARTRIDGE&fffc
™ZZlhic PARTRIDGE^,..
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at IU
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Ib the Best Coal In the Market
Office and Yards— Main street.
AMUSEMENTS.
OLYMPIA.
Eddy Street, Corner Mason.
Eddy Street, Corner Mason.
The Only .Free Vaudeville Show ln the City.
This Is "FIRST CALIFORNIA" Week. _
This Is "FIRST CALIFORNIA" Week.
IS MAKING A BIG HIT.
IS MAKING A BIG HIT.
X.OPA ffIATTHEW9,
Will Sing Some New Coon Songs.
Bag Punching Extraordinary. r
Bag Punching Extraordinary.
ARMSTRONG AND O'NEAL,
The Pugilistic Comedians.
IRENE VINTON,
IRENE- VINTON,
Still a Favorite. ','*.. '•"'*;
Last Week of BLANCHE SLOAN LeCLAIR,
Last Week of BLANCHE SLOAN LeCLAIR.
Tod Sloan's Clever Sißter: THE KEES-
INGS and Numerous Others.
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE EVERY
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE EVERY
SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
CHUTES AND ZOO
CHUTES AND ZOO
■
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING/
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BIG VAUDETOiLE SHOW
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW
ONLY ORANG-ODTANG IN AMERICA
ONLY ORANG-ODTANG IN AMERICA
ON FREE EXHIBITION.
100 FEET OF LIVE PYTHONS IN THE ZOO!
100 FEET OF LIVE PYTHONS IN THE ZOO!
Visit "Dawn," the Parisian Illusion.
Visit " Dawn," the Parisian Illusion.
BEGINNING MONDAY,
BEGINNING MONDAY.
ADGIE AND HER LIONS.
GLEN PARK Ti&?x?,?r
*******-* *""* ********' fldmlsslon...loc.
THIS SUNDAY ! THIS SUNDAY !
AMATEUR DAY
—AND
BIG PROFESSIONAL BILL ,'
BIG PROFESSIONAL BILL
\ EN FREE THEATER.
WEEK COMMENCING SUNDAY MATINEE, Aug. 27.
a^s?iSSg ELEVEN NEW PEOPLE!
AMERICA'S GREATE T COMEDIAN.
FELIX MORRIS,
Supported by His Own Company of Prominent Players In "NIGHT AND MORNING"
FIRST APPEARANCE IN AMERICA.
MOULIERE SISTERS,
Only Female Triple Horizontal Bar Performers on Earth.
TWO CLEVER JUVENILES.
ARNOLD GRAZER and LA PETITE HAZEL,
Great Spectacular Dance, "The Mysterious Mirrors."
IS FAMOUS IN jrm Y~~%f^ W W f~*\ Bounding Invisible Wire Walker
EUROPE. /*--\ r**^C, ,_# M > M tl V.j-J a and Acrobat.
Still Popular and Funny as Ever.
CARON AND HERBERT,
Greatest Comedy Acrobats on Earth.
They Are a Hit. Do Not Miss
HALL AND STALEY, FREEZE BROTHERS.
HALL AND STALEY, FREEZE RROTHERS.
Twentieth Century Burglars. They Sing With Their Feet-
Original Black-Face Comedians.
McMAHON AIND KINO.
In an Illuminated Railroad Train Illusion.
ALWAYS POPULAR—— BIOGRAPH— WAR YfEWS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), AUG. 27th. P\T'i^lT;oT^T
In response to the requests of numerous patrons the Orpheum management will, on
and after Sunday. September 3, reserve, at the Sunday matinee performance, a few or-
chestra front rows at 50 cents.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Grand Opera Season.
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT OF
"CAVALLERIA" and
"PAGLIACCI!"
....FOI? NEXT WEEK....
....FOI? NEXT WEEK....
ANOTHER GREAT BILL!!
MONDAY, WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY AND
SATURDAY EVENINGS,
THE ROMANTIC GRAND OPERA.
GIOCONDA
SUNG BY A SUPERB CAST!
SUNG BY A SUPERB CASTI
THE FAVORITE OPERA OF ALL.
THE FAVORITE OPERA OF ALL.
RIGOLETTO!
RIGOLETTO!
TUESDAY, THURSDAY, SUNDAY NIGHTS
AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
FAMOUS ARTIS]V-'VoE^c"
SECURE YOUR SEATS EARLY I
THE DEMAND IS ENORMOUS
Tickets Reservad Seven Days Ahead.
Popular Prices, 25c and 50c
Telephone for -Scats Bush 9.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
SPECIAL MATINEE" This Afternoon,
THIS AFTERNOON AND EVENING
"Cast Times of the Verj" Funny Comic Opera.
GLOVER!
CLOVER!
And the Living Tableau Representing the
California Regiment in Battle.
TO-MORROW EVENING.
The Famous Patriotic Comic Opera,
PAUL JONES!
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— IOc, Mo, 25c.
35c, 50c.
ALCAZARS™
MATINEE TO-DAY, Sunday.
TO-NIGHT.
FLORENCE ROBERTS In
ROMEO AND JULIET.
ROMEO AND JULIET.
TO-MORROW NIGHT _
Begins the FAREWELL WEEK of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In an Elaborate Scenic and Costume Produc-
tion of
INGOMAR!
15c, 25c R*£EA%BD 35c. 50c
15c, 25c, rekBeeabtvsed 35c. 50c.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
CALIFORNIAJHEATER.
SPECIAL MATINEE THIS
AFTERNOON at 2:15.
LAST PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT AT 8:15.
Warde & i ackett's Comedians
In the Very Funniest of All Comed_e«,
In the Verj- Funniest of All Comedies,
A BACHELOR'S
A BACHELOR'S
HONEYMOON.
IT HASN'T A TEDIOUS SCENE.
DON'T FORGET THE MATINEE THIS
(SUNDAY) AFTERNOON.
GOLDEN GATE AGRICULTURAL
DISTRICT NO. I.
Races Jfel Races
EMERYVILLE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB'S TRACK.
Aug. 26. 28, 29. 30. 31. Sept. 1, 2.
TWO HARNESS AND THREE RUNNING
RACES EACH DAY.
Racing Begins at 2 o'clock.
ADMISSION $1.
W. M. KENT, Pres. JOS. I. DIMOND. Sec.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY. AUGUST 27, AT 2:30 P. M.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME
SWIMMING RACES FOR
VALUABLE PRIZES.
VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION. CHILDREN, 6c.
Bathing, Including admission. 25c; Children, 20c.
1 -■ ' , OPEN NIGHTS. .. -■*-.*.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIAN
TO-NIGHT! LAST TIME!
MR. CLAY CLEMENT
"A SOUTHER? GENTLEMAN"
...Beginning Monday...
MR. CLAY
CLEMENT ™
IN THE IDYLLIC COMEDY
THE NEW
THE NEW
DOMINION
MR. CLEMENT
MR. CLEMENT
In His flrtlstlc interpretation of
BARON YON HOHEMSTAUFFEN
Production.*.".'.".*.' 1 lI C Oil "L_l__-*!_>
I Production...... *ll C OEL» L O
j UNION COURSING PARK.
TODAY, SUNDAY, August 271h
CRACK "
SWARD
SWARD
EVENTS.
EVENTS.
Sapling and Open Stakes,
CONSISTING OF
CONSISTING OF
CH/\7V\F>IOINS.
TRAIN SERVICE
TRAIN SERVICE
Leaves Third and Townsend streets at 11
a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-flfth and Va-
lencia sts. five minutes later. Returning from
park after last course, and special train for
the city at *:45 p. m. San Mateo electric cars
every ten minutes direct.
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,
MONSTER BENEFIT TO
JOHN W. SLADE,
JOHN W. SLADE,
THE HERO OF SAN PEDRO MACATI.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
SATURDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 2, 1898,
A SPECIAL SALE OF RESERVED BEATS
AND BOXES will be held at SHERMAN &
CLAY'S on MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
AUGUST 28 and 29, between the hours of 10
a. m. and 4 p. m. Address all communications
to E. R. MOSS, room 209, Emma Spreckels
building.
f r* '£________3 &____Mj_J____l *y
v>
>5EPT.^Tql6t^ u>
Choicest _ruits.Wines.Vege-
-tables. Grains & Grasses
-y- OP f*LI PORN I.VT
\ F-*t?ft*lifti».g2m
ny G.**£w stoc*. SM-ra
dV 6**E)« StOCK* SUQW.
Jtiliycj^ Eiiier.air\n.eT\t.
£XHIBITS7HANS?O/tr£D fM
EXCURSION Rates To Visitors
"WHITE for Particulars,
WnDr'GHilL urTttr
. . ■ ■ ■ ■
1314
Order Eastern Star.
Last Tuesday night Ivy Chapter re
ceived an official visit from Worthy Grand
Matron Mrs. Maria Akers Pierce in Its
hall in the Gold, Gate Asylum, which for
the occasion was very prettily decorated.
The decoration* of the east were princi
pally American flags draped on each side
of a panel of scarlet set with silver stars.
Above biased the emblematic star. The
central star was also the object of the
decorator's art. Over it was a great bell*
of ferns and ivy, while from it streamed
garlands which were attached to poles set
at each point and twined with ribbon of
the color of the point. The walls were
draped with yellow and pale pink orna
mented with silver tinsel. The effect was
quite striking. Five were added •■ to the
membership by Initiation. These were:
Eugene Graves. Mrs. Olive Pierce, Mrs.
Caroline Robinson. Mrs. Minerva Mar
ston and Michael Silva, and the work was
done by the officers In such a perfect
manner that the grand matron announced
that the officers of this chapter would be
selected to exemplify the work before the
next Grand Chapter, In her address, In
which she reviewed the work of the chap
ter, the worthy grand matron took occa
sion to compliment all the officers for th*
ritualistic work, and particularly those
who represent the five points of the star.
There were present, in addition to the
visiting official, Associate Grand Patron
George Louis Darling, Right Worthy
Grand Ruth Mrs. Augusta Dunn Wilson,
Mrs. Mary Elizabeth Partridge, P. M. W.
G. M. of the G. G. C. of the United States;
Past Grand Patrons James Robert Tap
scott. Frederick Lawrence Button, John
Hatfield Gray and Jessie Beach Fuller;
Past Grand Matrons Mrs. Ella Tyler Hall,
Eleanor Marie Owens, Mary Beakes
Moore; Past Grand Treasurers Mrs. Isi
dora Horton and Mrs. A. S. Hubbard;
Mrs. Hattie A. Whitaker of Gait Chapter
and the matrons of nearly all the local
chapters. Dr. James Morsell Gassaway,
the worthy patron, in a very well worded
speech presented the worthy grand ma
tron on behalf of the chapter a bunch of
sweet flowers, and then Mrs. Lydia Ann
Steele, the worthy matron, also on behalf
of the chapter, presented Mrs. Pierce a
tiny gem of a parlor clock. The evening
closed with a banquet partaken of by
nearly 250 people. Aivina Huer Wilson,
who during the initiatory ceremony fur
nished the music, stood under a canopy
of American flags and sang "The Star-
Spangled Banner," the banqueters rising
and joining in the chorus.
Order of Amaranth.
At the last held meeting of Crescent
Court of the Order of Amaranth Honored
Lady Malgren and Sir Knight Frank B.
Ladd present, there were initiated five
candidates and seven petitions were re
ceived. The court changed its meeting
nights from the first and third Saturdays
t.i the second and fourth Mondays and de
cided to change its quarters to Elks' Hall.
In the Central block. The flrst meeting
will be held there on the night of the lltn
of September. During that month the
court will give a party. Among those who
were initiated at the last held meeting
was Florin A. Jones, formerly a resident
of Pasadena, but now living here. Mr.
Jones is a Mason of long standing. He is
thirty-third degree Scottish Rite Mason
end pa-st presiding officer of all the bodies
through which he has passed to reach the
position he now occupies. He proposes to
devote a good deal of attention to the or
der he has just Joined.
The Odd Fellows.
The reception that was given to Grand
Master Bonynge and Deputy Grand Mas
ter Robinette on the occasion of their of
ficial visit on the night of the ISth inst.
to Capitol Lodge in Sacramento was one
that will be long remembered with pleas
ure by the Odd Fellows of that city.
It was the first visit of the grand
master to that part of the State.
He and the deputy were greeted
by nearly 300 members of the craft, Can
ton 1 turning out more than thirty strong
and the Veteran Association coming in
with about forty members. The lodges of
the city were well represented. For the
purpose of exemplifying the work of the
order the sitting lodge conferred the
second degree in a manner that won the
commendation of the visiting officials and
other visitors. After the work of the even
ing .there was a pleasant time and many
instructive addresses.
Auburn Lodge had work in the initiatory
degree on the night of the 19th inst.
Deputy Grand Master J. L. Robinette,
who has been sojourning at Auburn for
the benefit of his health, is improving
slowly but nicely.
Grand Patriarch Harris and Grand
Scribe Barnes have returned from their
tour of official visitations to the encamp
ments in Santa Barbara, Los Angeles,
Santa Ana. San Diego and Pasadena.
They found the membership of each very
enthusiastic in regard to the approaching
golden jubilee of the Odd Fellows, and
among the most active men in that branch
of the order were Grand High Pries. J.
Fowler and Grand Marshal J. Ashman ot
Los Angeles, who did a great deal to have
larg<- attendance of the members at each
meeting. The largest attendance was at
San Diego. At Santa Ana there were
three Initiations.
Wildey Encampment is making arrange
ments to have a grand time on the .th
of next month, on the occasion of the
holding of its first meeting in the Odd
yellows' building. _ ,
There was no meeting of the executive
committee of the golden jubilee last night
en account of the parade and reception of
the volunteers, but the meeting will be
held to-morrow night.
Harbor Lodge .ast Wednesday night con
ferred the second degree on a number or
candidates In its hall In West Oakland in
the presence of a large number of ihe
members of the order.
The Rebekah Lodges.
"A surprise and a laugh" was what was
announced by Loyal Rebekah Lodge for
Its "straw social" last Monday night, and
there were as many people in Welcome
hall, 1. O. O. F. building, as could enter
to discover what the surprise would be
and where the laugh would come in. The
ian was tastefully decorated with anci
tui arrangements of straw tied with rib
bons of the color of the order, and there
was for tach one present a souvenir in
tne nature of a bunch of wheat for each
laay and one of oats for each gentleman.
'mere was a good programme. of enter
tainment, whicn Included a piano recital
by Miss Gertrude Merfet; recitation, Jo
fct-ph Allen; cornet solo. Mr. Merfet; spe
<_ alties. Juliet Chandler; vocal solo, Mr.
Larsen, and other numbers, that helped
to make the evening's entertainment a de
lightful one. The surprise was the "lan
cers, danced backward." by eight young
ladies, and the laugh came ln when the
audience attempted to determine which..
according to nature, was the: front or thn
back of the dancers. Alter the programme
there was a good selection. of dances un
der the direction of Ruby A. Jewell. 'N.
G.; Miss Margery Jennings, V. G.: Mrs.
J. H. Simpson, Miss Florence Llnehan,
Miss Margaret Bell and Messrs. Jacobs,
Jacoby and Perry. .
The party thai Is to be given next month
under the direction of Templar Rebekah
Lodge through its committee on enter
tainment, of which Mrs. Warford, the. vice
grand. Is chairman, promises to be one
cf the besjt of the many ent gaining so
cial functions that this 10..0e has ar
ranged. -
Ancient Order of Workmen.
Last evening there was a rousing meet
ing In Excelsior Hall under the auspices
of Excelsior Lodge. There was a good
programme and an interesting talk by
Past Grand Master Workman Barnes.
Grand Overseer Morrison of Los An
geles Is doing active work in his district,
having since his induction In office offi
cially visited thirty-nine, lodges. . . *\
The Workmen of this city are still mak
ing arrangements for the reception to be
tendered to the Workmen who served with
the First Infantry at Manila and returned
last Thursday.
Women of Woodcraft.
Mrs. Teresa Donely, a member of West
Side Circle. Women of Woodcraft, ol
Denver, Colo., died August 15 in this
city, where she had taken up her resi
dence during the absence of Frederick
Lonely, who is absent In Manila. P. 1.,
detailed as secretary to General Otis. The
remains of Mrs. Donely were laid at rest
last Friday by the members of Redwood
Circle.
The Native Sons.
During the past week the Native Sons
of this city and Oakland were, all busy
Preparing for the parade of last night
and had but little time to attend to other
business. Among those who were very
active were Frank H. Mills of Mission
Parlor, who was the promoter in that par
lor of the Idea that suggested the mag
£atest fraternal If ews.
niflcent ovation to the boys from Califor
nia who came back, and who in recogni
tion of his suggestion in the matter was
made the president of the joint commit
tee of the Native Sons' and Native Daugh
ters' committee. Another who is deserv
ing of special mention is Alfred L. Mor
ganstern, past president of Halcyon Par
lor of Alameda, who held the .responsible
position of chief aid to Grand Marshal
PJstolesl of Sequoia Parlor, who himself
proved an Indefatigable worker. Mr.
Morgenstern came over from his Ala
meda home at 9 o'clock every morning
and remained on duty until lt was time
to catch the last boat. He did much hard
work, and for this his only reward was
the satisfaction that he had worked zeal
ously in a good cause. J. W. Lewis of
Stanford Parlor. L. F. Byington of Niantic
Parlor and J. M. Carroll were' also earnest
workers. Another who, though not a Na
tive Son. did much to direct the work that
was necessary at headquarters in the ar
ranging of all the preliminaries for the
perade. was Harry I. Fisher, the secre
tary. He is a man who has had a great
deal of experience in the matter of laying
out such work, and it came in well during
the time that the plans had to be pre
pared. For a week, during the illness of
the grand marshal, a great deal of the
heaviest preliminary work devolved upon
him.
The Native Daughters.
A new parlor to be known as San An
dreas will be instituted at San ondreas
on September 1, with not less than twen
ty-five charter members. Twenty-three
of these are natives of San Andreas and
nearly all are schoolteachers. Miss Annie
McSorley is entitled to the credit of hav
ing organized this parlor.
Another parlor of the order will be
instituted at Santa Paula shortly with
thirty-four charter members. Dr. Grace
Sharp, who recently graudated at the
Cooper Medical College, has been chosen
as the medical examiner for the new
parlor.
The following is a copy of resolutions
which wife recently sent to Miss Mariana
Bertola, past grand president of the or
der:
Amapola Parlor No. 80, N. D. G. W.,
Sutter Creek, extends greetings to
Past Grand President Mariana Ber-
tola:
Resolved, That Amapola Parlor ex-
tends to Sister Bertola a unanimous
vote of thanks for the able manner In
which she placed Sister Frakes before
the Grand Parlor as candidate for
grand marshal, and be it further
Resolved. That Amapola Parlor
sends to the worthy sister its best
wishes for her future happiness and
prosperity along whatever line she
may be called to walk.
LAURA J. FRAKES. president.
LIZZIE MAE WOODWORTH,
secretary.
At the recent graduating exercises of
the Cooper Medical College Miss Mariana
Bertola was one of the graduates and
now she ls a full-fledged medico. She has
received many congratulations from all
parts of the State,
Native Daughters' Home.
The members of Orlnda Parlor. Native
Daughters of the Golden West, have in
augurated a plan of assistance to the
Native Daughters' Home which will result
In great good to it. It Ir to give a social
once a month, invite to it one of the
other local parlors, and ask that parlor
to "bring something for the home." What
that something is to be will be set forth
in the Invitation. The first of these was
given last week, and the parlor invited
was Calaveras. It was designated as a
"soap social," or, in other words, the
price of admission was a piece or any
number of pieces of soap— any kind that
could be useful in the home. The result
was a very satisfactory one, for there
was a generous contribution of soap.
The linen party thai was recently given
by Oro Fino parlor In aid of the home
resulted in a liberal donation of useful
linen articles for the home.
Joaquin Parlor of Stockton has voted
$50 to the support of the home.
During the past week the following
named were guests at the home: Miss S.
F. Connlff, Miss Cora J. Martin. Miss Ma
bel Colder, Miss Cooley of btockton. Miss
Margaret Bready of Sutter Creek. Miss
H. A. Tuttle of Nevada City and Miss L.
Wiley of Watsonville.
Daughters of St. George.
Britannia Lodge No. 7. Daughters of St.
George, has arranged a patriotic evening
"at home" for next Tuesday night in
Union-square Hall. An Invitation has
been extended to volunteers of the United
States army, naval officers and appren
tices of British and American ships to
FEATURE OF ODD FELLOWS'
GOLDEN JUBILEE PARADE
\t  OFFICERS OF THE REBEKAH DRILL CORPS. *
34-
WHAT promises to be one of the most attractive features of the pa-
rade during the Golden Jubilee of Odd Fellowship in this city ln
October next is the drill corps of the Rebekahs, which was recently
organized out of the membership of several lodges ln thiscity. Those
who- have been selected to officer the corps are Allle Parker of Ori
ental Lodge, captain; Ella Campbell of Loyal Lodge, lieutenant, and Winnie
Dowle, Templar Lodge, ensign. The members of the corps are: Sarah Harris
and Pauline Harris of California Lodge No. 1, Alma Johnson, Gertrude Seivers,
Dale Warford. Lottie Carson, Pauline Striebeck, Geneva Ashworth, A. Has
tedt. Moliie Black, Lottie Farr, Ada Bernhelmer . and Bessie Monroe of
Templar Lodge No. 19. Sarah Draffln. Agnes A. Draffln, Jennie Stamp, Mattie
Webb and Lena Jarvis of Oriental Lodge No. 90, Louise Decreau and M. Dit
tenhoff of Walhalla Lodge No. 130 and Josephine Connelly, Annie Lawrance,
Agnes Goff, M. Meacham and Leola Cyrus of Loyal Lodge No. 215. The
ladles have had finished a verj- pretty uniform of black with white trim
mings, with a jaunty Dlack military cap. They have for several weeks past
been drilled In the manual of the sword and the evolutions of the Patriarchs
Militant of the Odd Fellows by Colonel H. O. Brawer and have ma*-e re
markable progress. J The corps will give a reception in the assembly hall of
the Odd Fellows' building on the evening of next Friday, when the mem
bers will appear for the first time In uniform, and will give an exhibition
drill. The ladies will have as escorts Canton No. 5 of the Patriarchs Mili
tant and the uniform rank of the Knights of Pythias. :**l;X
For the entertainment of those who shall attend the reception' there
will be a programme which will Include El Nino Eddie on the bounding rope;
Lillie Madle in coon specialties and buck and wing dancing; Ray Adams, the
plain every day comedian, in parodies and funny sayings, and Fred Walton
a comedy musical artist. In "The Langtry Hit." This will be followed by a
ball.
THE SAN FE AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 27, 1899.
I attend what the committee of arrange-
ments anticipates will be one of the most
i enjoyable functions ever given by this
lodge.
Knights of Honor.
The arrangements for the Knights of
Honor excursion to Los Gatos on the Dth
of September are all completed. The
i trains that are to convey the excursionists
there will be decorated with the emblems
! and the colors of the order. Each lodge
will have one or two cars for its members
I their families and friends. A number of
| valuable prizes will be distributed and
! the people of Los Gatos will get up a
: grand barbecue for the visitors.
A new lodge has been instituted at Sa-
I linas, with forty-two charier members,
1 by Grand Dictator P. L. Archibald, E. F.
| Joy, past grand dictator, Thomas John-
stone grand reporter, and W. Stathan.
On the night of the ISth inst. the lodge
i in Monterey gave an anniversary enter
' tainment, that was attended by a very
I large number of people. After a pleas-
I ing menu there was a banquet. Dur-
ing the evening Rev. James Snodgrass de-
I livered an interesting address on fraternal
societies of the beneficiary character, such
as the Knights of Honor. He said that
a number of the clergy of almost every
denomination decried such orders and that
was because they had not given the mat-
ter the careful thought that would en-
able them to judge rightly of them; but
that of late years many ministers had
solved the problem for themselves and
having discovered the good there is in
them, the opposition year by year is
growing less.
Knights of Pythias.
The local lodges of the Knights of
Pythias are making arrangements to give
monthly or semi-monthly entertainments,
under the auspices of the membership, to
friends and to those who may feel an in-
terest in knowing what the order of
Knights of Pythias is. '-. _v
The members of Selby Lodge at Crock-
ett, Contra Costa County, propose to give
an entertainment on the night of the 2d of
September at which the play of "Damon
and Pythias" will be presented.
California Lodge on the night of the llth
inst. had a most enjoyable smoker in its
hall. Henry Beaver presided, and there
was an enjoyable programme of mv-
sic, speeches and songs. The principal
speaker of the evening was Henry Schaff-
ncr, great keeper of records and seals.
Sons of Exempts.
The Sons of Exempt Firemen at the
meeting held last Monday night re-elected
L. S. Graves president, A. McFarland sec-
retary and all the Incumbents to serve an-
other term, in recognition of the faithful-
ness with which they discharged the
duties of their respective offices during
I the term preceding the current one. The.
society ls growing, and when it becomes
better known and the sons of exempt
i firemen realize that this association will
i ln a short time become the successors of
! the. old Exempts and become the custo
! dians of the archives and relics of the
parent organization they will seek mem
! bership and be proud of belonging to a
society that has for its purpose the keep
. Ing alive of the memories of their fathers
i.i their achievements in the early days
of San Francisco.
Friends of the Forest.
The first of a series of At Homes to be
i given by Lincoln Lodge was held last
Monday night in its large hall in the
Odd Fellows' building under the direction
of J. B. Williams, Miss Mayers. Mrs.
Lackman. Miss G. Streeter, Miss Wil
liams and Miss Mary Jones, the com
; mittee or. entertainment. It was well at
ended and was a great success. There
was an excellent programme of musical
and literary numbers that were com
i tributed by Miss Mary Jones. Dr. Craw-
ford, J. J. Getz, Dr. Mish, R. W . Mc-
Garvie and Mr. Knewing. This was fol-
lowed by a dance. An At Home will be
given on the third Monday of each month.
Pioneer Lodge will give a party in the
social ball of the Shlels" building on next
i Tuesday night.
Companions of the Forsst,
Majszini Circle last Monday night mi!
-! tiated five candidates and referred to
i committees on investigation the applica
{ tions of four strangers, j
Loyal Circle had work in the initiatory
degree at its last held meeting.
A new circle was instituted August 19 in
this city with forty charter members.
■ The instituting officers were assisted by
] the members of Knarsborough Circle.
On the evening of Saturday, the 19th.
Sherwood Circle, under the direction of
Miss Tillie Meyers, chairman, assisted by
Mrs. Kate Howard, Mrs. Ralph, . Mrs.
Goodwin. Miss Slopke, and M. Wessel,
gave a garden party in the Foresters
building, which was a pleasantly ar
ranged affair. • , '■
The bill that had been announced for
last night, to be given under the auspices
of the board of deputies, was postponed
indefinitely on account of the grand pa
rade in honor of the returned volunteers.
On tho 4th of next month there will be
a new circle of the order Instituted in
Chicago. To-morrow night a new circle
will be Instituted In Brooklyn, N. Y.
The members of Mazzlnl Circle will en-
Joy a picnic to-day. v*-/~-v '
Ancient Order of Foresters.
High Chief Ranger Boehm left yester
-20 on a tour of official visitations. He
will go to Evanstown, Wyo., Salt Lake.
Murray and Provost City, Utah, and
Pueblo and Colorado Springs, Colo. He
will then proceed t» New York, will go
to Indianapolis and will, as a visitor, at
tend the session of the Supreme Council
of the Order of Chosen Friends, and will
also as a visitor attend the session of the
Subsidary High Court, which will meet
on the 4th of next, month.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
The members of this order are making
arrangements to celebrate the twenty
second anniversary of the order by a
grand entertainment in Union-square Hall
on the night of Wednesday, September 6.
Order of Americus.
San Francisco Council- No. 14 of the
Order of Americus has taken up its head
quarters in the Red Men's building, on
Post street, and will hereafter meet there
on the first and third Mondays of each
month. This council reports initiations at
every meeting.
Berkeley Council Initiated three strang
ers at its last held meeting, and a like
number at the preceding meeting.
The Americus plan of limiting the lia
bility of the order during the early years
of membership has recently been adopted
by an order which has a membership of
50,000, and -it is now being considered by
special committees of two of the largest
fraternal beneficiary organizations of the
United States.
The Druids. -
Noble Grand Arch J. F. Martlnoni and
Grand Secretary Graves announce the fol
lowing visitations during the early part of
September: To St. Helena Grove, St.
Helena, September 1; William Tell Grove,
Napa, September 2; Sonoma Grove, Sono
ma, September 3; Mount Tamalpais Grove,
San Rafael, September 5, and Volta Grove,
San Francisco, September 8.
During the past week Mount Tamalpais
Grove added two to Its membership, one
by initiation and one by deposit of card.
Mission Grove at its last held meeting:
received one application.
VISITING DRUIDS
Grand Officers Enjoy a Pleasant Tour
in Sonoma and Marin
Counties.
Noble Grand Arch 3. F. Martinonl and
Grand Secretary J. M. Graves of the
Grand Grove of California of the United
Ancient Order of Druids have just re- I
turned from a tour of official visitations j
to the groves in Marin and Sonoma coun- |
ties. :'iy*-*.
They visited Tomales Grove at Tomales, i
where there was an interesting meeting
and two candidates were admitted by mi- -
tiation. The ceremonies were followed by i
a banquet In honor of the visitors.
The next grove visited was the one at i
Occidental, known as Frederick Sieg
Grove, where the work of the order was
exemplified by the Initiation of two candi- ;
dates, after which the visitors were the
guests of honor at a supper.. During their
stay at this place they were by Messrs.
Morelli and Paladin! taken by carriage to i
all points of interest in : and around
the town. They discovered a very
thrifty community, which has; magnificent
vineyards and orchards all in full bearing,
and in a two hours', drive they passed i
three schoolhouses, showing that while
the adults are attending to the soil they j
are not neglecting the rising generation.
At Duncans Mills they visited Dante
Grove, where- they were met by a large
number of the members, and after an en
thusiastic meeting there was an enjoyable
hour In the leading hotel. The visitors •
found this lumber center a very busy one, :
where a large number of men are given
employment.
After this visit the officials were driven .
to Guerneville, which is also a lumber
district, where there is a great deal of ac- '
tivity. In the evening they visited Otta- :
vio Grove, which met jointly with Guer- j
neville Grove, and they witnessed the con- !
ferring of the third degree of the order. ■
After the grove closed there was a ban
quet and several hours' enjoyable festivi
ties.
Verdi Guiseppi and Fitch groves met in j
Joint session in Healdsburg to receive the ■
grand ofi.ctrs and to demonstrate how well
they are up In tne work of the order. The
first named grove initiated three and the
last named two candidates, after which
there were festivities arranged under the
direction of Lott M. Brown. There was a
programme of music, songs and speeches,
and a feast for all. The following
day the officials were the special guests
of Eduardo Passalaqua, who, after show
ing them over the city that they' might
note Us rise and progress, entertained j
them at the home of his father.
The grand officers, accompanied by ;
members of Laurel. Novato and Tomales .
groves, paid a visit to Petaluma. where '
Cypress and Petaluma groves held a joint '
meeting. The meeting place was crowded
to Its limit and there was the ini
tiation of three candidates. After !
the work there was an adjournment
to Turner Hall, where there was a ban- !
quet, at which J. H. 1,. Gerckens, past :
noble grand arch, was toastmaster. There j
was a happy time and speeches and music
by the Petaluma brass band and a glee
club. '•.•'•
' »-*»—» r V -■
GOETHE ANNIVERSARY.
Celebration Will Take Flace at Met-
ropolitan Temple — Order
of Exercises.
The one hundred and fiftieth anniver- i
sary of Goethe's birthday will Vie cele- i
brated at Metropolitan Temple to-morrow i
evening, August 28. Free seats will be at
the disposal of all who wish to attend.
Tickets of admission are not necessary. j
The exercises will begin at 8:15 sharp. The
following is the programme of the even
ing:
Organ solo, overture, "Egmont" (Beethoven),
Professor E. Werner.
"Cher alien Gipfeln Ist Ruh" 'words by.
Goethe, music by Kuhlau), Oesang Vereln
Harml
Opening address by the president of the even
ing:, William Zimmerman.
German address, Professor Dr. Julius Goebel
of Stanford University.
Soprano solo. "Gretchen am Splnnrad" (words
by Goethe, music by Schubert). Miss Llllie L.
Roeder.
Organ solo, "Genet dos Parla" (words by
Goethe, music by E. Werner). Professor E.
Werner.
Declamation, "»aeignung" (Goethe). A.
Becker.
"Helderoesleln" (words by Goethe, music by
Helnrlch Werner), Gesang Verein Arlon.
English address. President David Starr Jor
dan of Stanford University.
Chorus. Gesang Verein Teutonia.
English address, Profrnsor A. Lange of
the University of California.
Final chorus by the singing societies and the
audience.
■ * ■•
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-102J Mission.
1 _» . ■*— — ■ ■
Ladies of the Maccabees.
Mrs. Eudocia S. Moffat.. State officer of
the Ladles of the Maccabees In California,
instituted Queen Esther Hive No. 43 In
the city of Los Angeles a few days since
with a good membership.^ •; '••■_"
Florence B. Moffat. D. S. C. of the West
has just returned from a trip through Ari
zona and Utah, where she organized a
number of new hives of the order.
■ m ■ . '-
An Odd Fellow Soldier.
Golden West Lodge No. 322. Independent |
Order of Odd Fellows, has arranged a par
triotic reception, to be given on the night
of the 7th of September, to R. H. Good, a
member of the lodge, who returned with
the First California Volunteers, having
served in Company C of./ that regiment.
A number of volunteers who are Odd Fel
lows will be invited. There will be a pa
triotic oration, patriotic addresses and pa
triotic music. -. ;.c
■ • . . + » . . .
Monadnock Tribe, Imp. O. R. M.
Monadnock Tribe,* Imp" O. It. M.
I Monadnock Tribe No. 100 of the Im-
proved Order of Red Men will, on the 20th
of September, give •an entertainment in
Mission Opera Hall, to be followed by a
dance. The feature of the evening ,W'*J
be a comedy-drama in four acts, entitled
"The Golden Giant." After the pro
gramme there will be dancing until mid
night.
— _ ■ -» ■ _
SUNDAY SCHOOL INSTITUTE.
An Important Session to Be Held in
Simpson Memorial Church
on Thursday.
The Sunday School Institute of the San
Francisco County Sunday School-Associa
tion will be*held In the Seventh District,
in Simpson Memorial Church, Thursday
afternoon and evening, August 31. Motto,
"Teach the Word." .','._ '■
1:30 p. m.— Devotional, led by Dr. Whitney,
president. .-•*...;
2:00 p. m.— "Alms and Advantages of This
Association; Why We Hold the Institute," by
Earl S. Bingham, State field secretary; dis
cussion.
2:25 p. m. "Object and Mission of Onr
Sunday Schools," by H. M. McKnight; music,
2:50 p. m.— "How to Secure Scholars"; dis
cussion.
3:20 p. m.— "The Use of the Blackboard."
3:35 p. m.— -"Primary Methods"; discussion.
4:00 p. m. Business; • reports from school
committees, and contributions, etc. (Every
Sunday-school secretary, be sure and bring or
send a report, please.) *-.**■ .-•"•
4:20 p. m.— "Bridging the Chasm Between
the Sunday-school and the Church," by Rev.
E. J. Singer.
4:40 p. m. "Teachers' Experiences; Diffi
culties and How to Meet Them."
EVENING SESSION.
Motto: "Live the Word."
7:30 p. m.— Praise service.
8:00 p. m.— Anthem.
8:05 p. m.— Address by Dr. George C. Adams.
8:40 p. m.— Offertory.
8:46 p. Open parliament on "What Has
the Institute Accomplished: What We Will
Attempt for God ln Our Sunday-school"; "De
cision Day"; benediction.
HEBREW HOLY DAYS.
Jews of the Far East to Observe Re-
ligious Rites,
The Sephardim Congregation of this
city will celebrate the ensuing New Year
and Day of Atonement on September sth,
6th and Hth at Fraternity Hall, B'ne
B'rith Hall. 121 Eddy street. Rev. H. J.
Abraham will officiate at the divine serv
ices.
The Sephardim Congregation is com-
posed of Hebrews from the far East and
although they are very small in number
their orthodoxy and common sympathies
bring them regularly together in the
house of worship. ' . V *
There will be no music and choirs, but
plain chanting, intoning prayers after the
accent and melodies of the ancient Jeru
salem rabbis. Free seats are offered to
all who may like to join them in their
j commemoration of the occasion.
COURT NOTES.
Moses H. White of Oakland swore to a
complaint in Judge Graham's court yes-
terday for the arrest of Joseph McLaugh-
lin and W. S. Irvine, real estate agents,
777% Market street, on the charge of ob-
taining money by false pretenses. White
alleges that they got $254 altogether from
him for an interest in their business, and
that the representations. made to him were
false. McLaughlin and Irvine were ar-
rested. :■* ■■''■ ' __
The charge of kidnaping against V\ ong
Yuev, AVong Chuck King and Wong Fun
was* dismissed by Judge Tread well yester-
day. Ah Moy, the abducted girl, took the
stand and testified that she was not kid-
naped, but went of her own free will, as
she wanted to get married to "Wong Chuck
King. She and John J. Kerrigan, the
hackman, were also released from cus-
tody. v- '■'•'■' ■-'.'-■'. ,-, _
Frank Collins was yesterday held to an-
swer before the Superior Court by Judge
Graham on a charge of grand larceny In
(2000 bonds. Last Thursday he met Joe
Enos Silva of Pleasanton and took him
to a saloon at Stockton and Morton
streets, where he was given knockout
drops and robbed of $61.
Charles Bell, a Veteran Fireman, ap
peared in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
on a charge of defrauding an Innkeeper.
He took his son into the Hay State oyster
house, 29 Stockton street Friday and they
consumed $3 50 worth of food and drink,
Including mountain trout. He offered $1 in
; payment and was arrested. The Judge or-
dered him to pay $2 75 to the restaurant
man and 35 cents to Attorney Dudley, who
represented him, and dismissed the case.
Kobert Williams, a silversmith, was
charged in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
I with disturbing the peace by annoying
passengers on the ferryboat Berkeley. A
gang leaving on the 6 p. m. boat was In
the habit of throwing pieces of cardboard
at the passengers and otherwise annoying
them. The Judge severely censured J*V\ ill-
iams and' dismissed the case. A bench
warrant was Issued for Tony Kostner,
who was arrested at the same time and
: failed to appear. ]i' *'**>■' -:x
The Hibernia Bank filed suit yesterday
, against Samuel F. Weeks to foreclose a
i mortgage of $3800 on property situated on
i the northwest corner of Harrison and
i Eighteenth streets.
Mrs E. C. Avery filed suit yesterday
i against the Market Street Railway Com-
pany to recover $5000 damages for per-
sonal injuries. She alleges that on June
30 1899, ehe was injured through a colli
j sion of a Mission street car on which she
' was riding and an express wagon.
Simon Garlick, a youth charged with
burglary who jumped his bonds last
April and went to Madera County, where
he was recently rearrested, appeared be-
fore Judge Dunne yesterday morning and
withdrew his plea of not guilty to the
charge against him and pleaded guilty.
He will be sentenced next Saturday. Gar-
lick entered the premises at 404 Ellis
street with Intent to steal some time ago,
and when sentence is passed it will be for
j this crime.
THE X-RAY
Exposes a Fraudulent So-Called Per-
petual-Motion Machine.
Through the use of an X-ray another
so-called perpetual motion machine has
been exposed. It was the invention of J.
M. Aldrich. now a convict ln Auburn
prison, who had succeeded in interesting
a number of capitalists In his contrivance.
They advanced th.' money to perfect the
machine, which Aldrich spent without
apparent result, and he finally brought up
In Jail as a fraud. X*'y:X :rx
His machine fell into the hands of the
i Scientific American. It was not a cumber
' some affair, but small enough to fit into a
bandbox. After looking it over from the
outside the experts decided that it was
one of the cleverest frauds that ever
drew money from the pockets of the
guileless. It was apparently all that the
Inventor claimed it to be. No concealed
devices could be found. The experts did
not care to destroy the machine, and
, while studying out the best way to solve
the problem the X-ray scheme was sug
gested.
The works were Incased In a wooden
j box. This was put under the X-ray,
which revealed the silhouette of an ordi
i nary set of clockwork. The gears were
' connected with the main shaft of the
motor by means of a small rod, extend
-1 ing through one of the posts, two bevel
Wheel! In" the top of the post serving to
! transmit the motion of the clockwork to
a revolving shaft and weights.
The works, which were inserted in a
: hollowed out base of the machine, were
cleverly concealed. The whole thing was
put together with artistic clumsiness.
The keyholes by which the clockwork was
reached were not of suspicious appear-
ance, having been made to resemble
wormholes.— New York Evening World.
He Wasn't Joking^^^^^J
"I had four days' growth of beard on
mv face when 1 struck -a little town in
Northern Michigan," said a civil engineer.
"I found a little coop of a barber shop
near the depot, and I entered it to dis
cover the barber sitting on a bench with
his head In his hands. As he roused up I
told him to get to. work on me, but after
looking me over he replied:
'If I shave you you'll have to take
the chances.'
" 'What chances?' I asked.
"'Well. I've been on a drunk for the
last week, and am just on • the point of
seeing rats. I may get through with lt
all right and I may cut your head off.
"The man had a wild look and was all
a-tremble," continued the engineer, "and,
though he smiled as he talked, I saw that
he wasn't joking. I went away without
getting shaved and for the next two hours
was busy making purchases. As I re
turned to the depot I looked In on the
barber to see how he got along and found
him hanging dead. Just what would have
happened had he started to shave me I
don t know, but I've always felt much
obliged to the man for putting the case
as plainly as he Chicago News.
:-.;■, ■ - . ' « ♦ » —
Old Cannon Ball.
A six-pound cannon ball was recently
plowed up on the farm of C. C. Bell at
Manchester, Vt., and Is supposed to be a
Revolutionary War relic, as the troops of
General John Stark encamped in that
vicinity a short time previous to the bat
tle of Bennington.
UNIFORM BOARD
OF NATIONAL GUARD
IT RECEIVES AND OPENS BIDS j
FOR CLOTHING.
What Is Asked for Overcoats, Caps,
Blouses and . Trousers
pect of a Contest.
Yesterday the uniform board of the Na
tional Guard of California met for th©
purpose of opening bids for furnishing
; clothing to the soldiers of the State.
With the bids there were a number of
large packages which contained over
coats, trousers and blouses and caps as
samples of what the bidders, who were
seven In number, would furnish for the
prices they stipulated.
J.M. Litchfield & Co. offered blouses at
$3 39, trousers at $2 24, overcoats at $8 72
and caps at 73 cents. in addition the firm
presented a supplemental bid -by whicli v
agrees to furnish these articles under cer
tain conditions of make at various prices.
The bid of the Pettibone Company Is.
For blouses $3 74, trousers $2 43, overcoats
$8 79 and caps 85 cents. If trousers are to
be reinforced 72 cents extra.
Brown Bros.' offer; Overcoats $10 78.
trousers $2 69, blouses $4 44 for one class
and $3 88 for anotheu class.
Pasquale: Blouse and trousers $6 80 a
suit, overcoats $10 10 and caps 82 cents.
Mandel, Pursch & Walner: Overcoats
$11. blouse No. 1 $4 37-*!, blouse No. 2
to 83.14 •
Greenebaum, Weil & Michaels: Blouses
and trousers, one kind, $6 69, another kind
$6 37 a suit, overcoats $9 91. -
D Ferguson: Blouses No. 1 $3 l.>,
blouses No. 2 $3 60, overcoat $10 25, trousers
$2 43
The expert selected by the board to pass
upon the quality and workmanship of the
samples submitted, but whose name the
board did not wish to disclose, will com
mence work to-morrow and present his
report. On Wednesday next the board
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circu-
lars giving full information regarding special advantages, rates, man-
ncr of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
../ETNA SPRINGS..
No fog nor mosquitoes, but
sunshine, bracing air and
mineral waters that banish
rheumatism and bladder and
kidney troubles.
Rates. $10 to $14 per week; 8. P. to St. He-
lena at 7a. m. or 4p. m. private rig to
springs; round trip, $7. Apply W. L. MITCH-
ELL, Aetna Springs, Napa Co., or J. H. SIMP-
SON. I. O. O. F. building. San Franelbco.
nan* iaa hot springs. — This
■II II fil iVI! beautiful summer and
0 H D ffl 1 V Fl beautiful summer and
I faS iB I All winter resort. now
E niiniVU owned and managed by
DR. J. PERRAULT, who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
cf his guests, whether sick or well, is situated
160 miles south of San Francisco. In the Coast
Ran— Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate is soft and balmy and free from
i fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Mot
plunge and tank baths: delightful grounds:
comfortable hotel: annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing; grand *-*«-*-«*l;,..i°v?Ly
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains daily
from Third and Townsend st depot. 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad. thence seven miles by
stage to Paralso.) Round trip. $8. For further
information address J. PERRAULT. M.D.. Pa-
ralso Springs, or city office. SSC Sutter St.. 8. v.
HIGHLAND^ SPRINGS.
THE best Deer Hunting, Mineral Waters,
Baths and accommodations In Lake Coun-
ty can be had at Highland Springs.
Fall terms, $10 to $12 per week. Come while
the hunting Is good. J. CRAIG. Manager.
Byron Hot Springs
RHEUMATISM
I Cured by the Hot Mineral Batbs*
There Is Nothing Llk,*-* Tljem Knowrj.
Address A. BETTONS, at the springs, or
Address A. BETTONS, at the springs, or
call on LOMBARD & CO., agents, room
30, 22-4 Geary st. j
- . 1 |
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS
R ROBERTSON, FOR THE PAST FIVE
• years at Paralso Springs, Proprietor and
Manager. ;
Baths and water an ABSOLUTE CURE for
Rheumatism, Kidney, Liver and Stomach
Trouble.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets
dally 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m.
For pamphlets address R. ROBERTSON.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
OrV-N FOR THE SEASON APRIL I AM-
pit accommodations in hotel; also ln new
cottages, Just completed
MRS. fk. T. MOORE.
_•:,,' BELVEDERE.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO, ON
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
J. LUTTRINGER, Seavtew. Sonoma County,
or apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St., S. F.. for
particulars. ;'-'..; -f-.v"-.. '-.-yX
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
•Beswick. Siskiyou County, Cal.)
FINEST FISHING AND HEALTH RESORT
on the coast. Climate perfect. For parti*
! culars apply to EDSON BROS., Proprietors.
HOTEL EL MONTE.
LOS GATOS, STRICTLY FIRST
class; renovated throughout: lovely sur-
roundings; new management. JOHN NEVILL,
Proprietor. ... :::".;-
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms; good
i boating on lake; boats free to guests: prices
: reasonable, $8 to $10 per week; special rates for
j families. * . W. J. McDONALD. Manager.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL. T
CLIMATE, SCENERY, ENTERTAINMENT;
none better tn Lake Co.; gas Indoors and
I out. H. WAMBOLD.
JOHANNISBERO.
P AMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
* in tbe midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder, JlOO feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
I mine, hunting, fishing. Terms. $« to $10 per
i week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERO
RESORT, Oakvllle. Napa County. Cal. ,
FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORT^cS-
Ing spot, rest, health; perfect atmosphere: train
[to Martinez, stage to hotel. Office €30 Market.
will meet to discuss the bids and the goods
and at that meeting will be present all the
bidders or their representatives.
The members of the board declare that
the goods must come up to the standard
of the qualifications required by the speci
fications in every particular. :».
There is some talk of a protest helng
filed against the bid of Litchfield & Co.
on the ground that it does not conform
to the specifications, and an effort will be
made to have that bid not considered.
THE CANAL COMMISSION.
An Important Report if Its Findings
Will Be Printed Soon.
Will Be Printed Soon.
Several weeks ago the local Chamber of
Commerce Joined with the San Diego
Chamber of Commerce in a petition to
President McKinley to have the report of
the Nicaragua Canal Commission printed
in order that all interested in the subject
might learn what had been ascertained
by that body. Only brief items of their
findings had been published from time to
time, and it seems that nearly every com
mercial and industrial body in the est,
as well as those in the East, wanted to
secure the report in its entirety. It will
be gratifying to these to learn that the
report is to be published as soon as possi
ble as shown by the following extract
from a letter received yesterday from the
San Diego body to the San Francis.
chamber: _._. -*-.■*■_'.* ■■■■*■■
"We are in receipt of a letter from th*
Department of State, dated August 2,
statins that estimates are now being made
by private printing and engraving firms
with a view of their bidding for printing
the work of the report, and that the print
ing will take from six weeks to two
months to do, will be begun as soon as
practicable after they award the contract;
and we are further informed that the re
port will probably be ready for the use
of Congress by the beginning of the next
session of that body."
■ ♦ ■ — •
Water is the hardest of all substances
to heat, with the single exception of
hydrogen gas. The easiest two are
mercury and lead, which stand in this
respect on nearly the same footing.
YOUR SUMMER OUTING.
Health are I Hotel
and .'Uv assured (del;
Pleasure at | Coronado
Pleasure at Coronado
Send for Pamphlets, Terms. Etc.
Reduced Summer Rates now ln Effect.
Apply at 4 New Montgomery St., 8. F.
iiliiiil
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLY 4-* HOURS
from San Francisco and but i miles' stag-
ing; waters noted for medicinal virtues; best
natural bath ln State; swimming and boating;
grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, dally mall and express; FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning and
afternoon sts gee; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $5 EO. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30
a m. cr 1:39 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or $11 a
week. References, any guest of tbe paat four
years. Patronage constantly Increasing last
year unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, II
Up In trje mountains, near the-*- »
• lakes ar)d In tl>e heart of Lake ■
; -\ Courjty's mineral belt. TaKe -i I
... train via Uklai).',, - •->•, > ■'*. i
';• ROUND TRIP $9.50. ■vi;; f
J. MARTENS; Prop.- City Offlc*,, 418 Pins Street -
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A. Charming Spot to ▼ sit This Summer.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FISH-
ing. Excellent table.' Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. I Six-
teen miles from Truckee, ln tbe heart of tba
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The Ideal spot for families
because lt is clean, no poison oak, no pests.
And pure air and pure water. - Address MRS
H. M. CLEMONS. Independence Lake. ..
*.
riDfCRAf) Most beautiful spot in Laka
pinr cp IT) Most beautiful spot la Lake
LAKLJDAI/ County. The mineral springs
are famous for marvelous cures when all els*
failed, especially in stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
fleer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN.
Carlsbad. Lake County. _______
NAPA SODA springs.
TWO TRAINS DAILY, 7:30 A. M- AND IP.
m.; stag* meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
SAMUEL* SODA SPRINGS.
JR. MORRIS. PROP.. NAPA COUNTY.
• Cal. Sure curs for dyspepsia, indigestion.
rheumatism and constipation; hot mineral
baths. These springs are located in Napa
County. 20 miles east of St. Helena. The. water
I is bottled at the springs and contains Its own
I natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET.
homelike manner, with one of the best
tables ln the county: $10 to $12 per week. Round
trio Vw S F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
stage. Address J. WILSON. Bertha, Lake
County. Cal. _ •"■■'•'
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A MOST DELIGHTFUL
summer home. Every modern convenience.
! I** and out door sports. Forty-five minutes from
< Ban Francisco Table under personal care at
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietor. .
A FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on a
fruit farm 2 miles from Calistoga and rail-
road station; beautiful shade; home cooking:
rood rooms: $6 per week and up. Address
MRS. S. SMITH. Calistoga. Napa Co.. Cal.
MANSANITA Station, near Mill Valley— l or 4
rooms, with board; good accommodations at
Manzanita Villa. '
r ■ ' '.
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
"THE CALL"
During: Yoor Vacation.
Subscribers to "Th 9 Call" visiting lh»
country, seaside or springs during the Sum-
I mer months can have "The Call" senttothem
| for a week or longer by prepaying for sam)
i at the Business Office or by order through
i carrier..
...term 8...
15 Cents..... ...per Week
|65 Cents .................... .per Month
TOSTAGB PREPAID.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SAY SHE FLINGS
HER MONEY INTO
PUBLIC STREET
— ♦
Lady Yarde- Buller's
Lady Yarde- Buller's
Odd Ways.
Odd Ways.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Aug. 26.
Mrs. Mary Leilah Kirkham Yarde-Bul
ler, better known as Lady Yarde-Buller,
whose career and eccentricities have fur
nished columns of sensational material
for the newspapers, did not respond in
person to the citation ordering her to ap
pear before Judge Hall to-day to show
cause why W. B. Greenebaum should not
be appointed guardian of her person and
Income. Once the brilliant daughter of
the late General Kirkham. her fondness
for the cup that intoxicates has so com
pletely wrecked her mentally and phys
ically that she has become utterly in
competent to realize the value of money
and has been squandering her Income like
a. mere child.
A Mon Chateau, the well known road-
Bide resort In Piedmont, has of late
months been her domicile. Those who
have been thrown In contact with her
during her sojourn at the chateau testified
in court this morning to corroborate the
allegations of her incompetency as set
forth in Mr. Greenebaum's petition. Th^re
were those who went to the extent of as
serting that her recklessness in the
squandering of the wealth was not barred
at actually throwing money Into the
streets. '■••< - y>
While her actual income ls now only
about $400 monthly she has been spending
$200 in excess of this. She does not realize
that her Income is not as large as ln
years gone by and before her properties
became Incumbered with mortgages. Fre
quently she still talks about her large es
tates, when as a matter of fact her entire
property outside of Alameda County com
prises an interest in a house and six acres
in England, from which she derives her
present income. . ** :
Mr. Greenebaum tetlfied that the lady
had told him "to go ahead and secure let
ters of guardianship," since "her friend
knew best."
The .ady's two sons, Arthur .and Ralph
Blair, Aged 19 and 22 years respective^*,
also testified to their "mother's incompe
tence, and both signified their willingness
to have Greenebaum appointed her guard
lan. Ralph Blair said that his mother
now frequently signs checks on the Bank
of England for large amounts, but these
are promptly returned.
Dr. L. H. Le Gault testified that he had
been treating the lady for some time past
and that he considered her very 111. .« *-,
According to Dr. Jeremiah Maher. an
other expert, the lady "talks of anything
nnd everything under the sun and be
comes violent at times." When asked
whether her Ladyship is addicted to the
use of Intoxicants witness replied: "Yes.
Kir; all the time. And her disposition is
to get liquor every time she can."'
There were numerous other witnesses.
among them A. R. Peters who told of
the lady having on* sent him to San
Francisco to collect rents for the half
block of buildings back of the Palace Ho
tel, but he found she owned no such
propertj*.
it developed that Lady Yarde-Buller
had asked for Mr. ilreenebaum's appoint
ment during a lucid moment and Judge
Hall aecordinglj- granted the latter' peti
tion, fixing the guardian's bond at $10,000.
Lady Yarde-Buller began her career as
the petted daughter of wealth ■■■.'.>] fash-
in. Her father, the late General Kirk
ham, at one time commandant of the
Presidio, had accumulated vast wealth
and his money was always at the com
mand of his daughter's fads and foibles.
In her younger days, endowed with rare
beauty and a self-asserted desire to lead,
she- shone resplendent! j- in the soeietj
circle wherein "she reigned apparently by
some strange inlluence. She went to
Paris to complete the polish of her ac
complishments and to this day the pious
nuns in the convents cross themselves
when her pranks are whispered. In Japan
she fell in love with a young Englishman.
ri banks, who later became Lord
Imouth, but their elopement was
frustrated in the nick of time by her
father. Later she met and married David
Boyle Blair, with whom she came to Oak
land, and they lived in the Kirkham man
sion on the inks of Lake Merritt. and
there the •-'. sons were born. One fateful
day Blair went to South Africa and later
news ci-me announcing his death on the
battlefield.
Next she married Yarde-Buller. a
Next she married Yarde-Buller, a
Scotchman, twice her age at the time, and
possessed of an undue fondness for the
flowing cup. with which the Lady soon
learned to keep pace. Soon scandal arose
over in affair with one Valentine Gadev
den. with whom the Lady journeyed
through Germany, and one day Valentine,
while playing to his love on the piano,
fell dead at her feet. „ ,
When she finally again returned to Oak
4 Come in this week and-^
f get a sample dish — servedf
f^get a sample dish — servedf
{[free, and served hot — off
fLibby, McNeill & Libbey'sf"
•7 many food preparations off
•fmeats, soups, vegetables^
<>and fc*.vl. f
f After Monday a bookf
fof a hundred recipes forf
f making dainty dishes givenf
•jfree. J
Granulated Sugar 20 lbs $li
f aprcckel's beat, fine dry cane. We V
& sell no China or beet-sugar. m
iSoda Crackers box 35ci
\ Regular -freak from the bakery. \
1 Assorted Wafers lb IScJ
f Beat and freshest chocolate, lemon, T
A strawberrr, vanilla and ginger. A
istrawberrr, vanilla and ginger. A
JCracknelis lb 20ci
Cracknells lb 20ci
\ The da 1 attest th* baker \
6 can Make. f
iGinger Snaps..*. lb lOci
iCocoannt Wafers lb 15ci
iCocoannt Wafers lb 15cj>
iFig Bars lb 12ci
V About 40 crackers to-ttoe lb. A
JElgin Creamery Butter 25cJ
T The 6 andard Eastern bond. \
A Jnst in— sweet and solid. A
Codfish.. lb 7jc^
\ ' " Genuine Eastern In the whole flsh. x
J Well dried and the very excellence f
\ of codfish. A
f Cleveland's B'k'g P'd'r 15cJ
'Cleveland's B'k'g P'd'r 15cJ
-r~"-' Regular ase can. f
Royal Sa yon SoapBbars 25cf
A 31 full pound bars ft. 9 .
S Oood washing soap. i
Cood waahing sotp. \ I
f Sardines can 15cf
i lahcaac brand, key opener, 9 j
\ full '*4 lb, aa fish. a j
\Salad Dressing bot 15c
W Cold Medal brand. T
i ._'. ' Home made flavor. -'.- - A
jExtra 50da5.......:......1b 5cJ
A EIGHT SAVING STORES: i
▼-m *_?__*-* St gt 1311 Polk St. B.V. ■ i ,
Wwffi^.O* "ffi^JKEgf j
LADY MARY LEILAH KIRKHAM YARDE-BULLER.
land Ernest H. Wakeman, a remote
cousin, took charge of her and he is now
trustee of her estate, but there is a suit
now pending in the Superior Court where
in the Lady seeks an accounting and lor
his removal.
An attack the Lady made on Mrs.
Wakeman at a champagne supper years
ago resulted in her being placed in a
straitjacket, but later Mr. and Mrs.
Wakeman took her to France, where she
was eventually placed in a madhouse.
From the French madhouse she soon es
caped and returned to Oakland.
FELL DOWN A SHAFT.
Now Miner Fred Hartz Seeks
Damages.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 2b.
Suit for the recovery of 920,550 damages
was filed in the Superior Court late this
afternoon by Fred Hartz against the
Mount Jefferson Gold Mining and Devel
opment Company of Maine, which Is car
rying on business and operating a mine
at Groveland, In this State.
Damages are sought for personal in
juries sustained by Hartz on April 15, 1599.
at which time he was employed as an un
derground miner in the Mount Jefferson
mine at Groveland. It appears from the
allegations In the complaint drawn up by
Attorneys W. J. Donovan and F. E. Wood
that Hartz on the day named gave the
signal to the engineer of the mine direct
ing him to lower a car or skip with the
plaintiff therein to the bottom of the mine
from the three hundred foot level; that
instead the engineer raised the car by
reason of not having received the signal
properly on account of the bell cord and
appliances connected therewith being de
fective. In this connection the complaint
sets forth:
That said engineer for the reason aforesaid
and failing to comprehend the signal, raised
the car instead of lowering the same from the
300-foot level toward the top of the mine, there
by causing the car to jump off of and leave the
tracks; that at the same time said tracks
were Imperfectly constructed and were danger
ous and unsafe. * * * And plaintiff was pre
cipitated from the car and fell to the bottom
of the mine, a distance of 125 feet, * * • and
thereby crushed and received great bodily in
jury; had his head injured, the right side being
cut open by the fall; his right shoulder frac
tured; his left knee badly twisted, and plain
tiff was thereby permanently injured and re
ceived a great nervous shock.
By reason of being confined to his bed
and detained from following his occupa
tion as a miner defendant claims damages
In the sum of $300; for medical attendance
$230 and for permanent Injuries $20,000.
ADDITIONAL CONTEST
OVER BAUERLE ESTATE
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— addition to the
sensational suit commenced last Thurs
daj- by Public Administrator B. C. Hawes
against Adolph H. Bauerle to have a deed
made by the late Mrs. Louisa Bauerle to
the latter canceled, Louisa Fromm to
day filed a contest to the will of her
mother, Louisa Bauerle. which will young
Bauerle recently filed for probate. Mrs.
Fromm alleges that at the time of the
signing and execution of the will her
mother was of unsound mind and that
she was acting under fraud and undue In
fluence perpetuated and exercised by her
son, Adolph H. Bauerle. Mrs. Fromm
alleges as a separate ground of contest
that her brother compelled the mother to
sign the will, threatening to Injure her
character by exposing her alleged crim
inal relations with one Henry Meyer in
1894. In this manner: "I'll let everybody
know who you are; I'll let them know
some of the dirty tricks you have been
doing," meaning said transaction with
Meyer. On these grounds Mrs. Fromm
contends that the will is void and she
asks that the petition for letters applied
for by her brother be denied.
SUIT BROUGHT TO
EJECT JUDGE BROWN
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— filing cf
a suit to-day to eject Attorney
Harvej' S. Brown and to collect arrears
In rent caused much surprise, it being
generally considered that Judge Brown,
who for many years was chief counsel for
the Southern Pacific Company, was a man
of vast wealth. A few weeks ago the
Judge's law library figured In a similar
suit.
Judge Brown Is closely connected with
some of the schemes engineered by the
notorious "Brick" McPherson, and recent
ly appeared as McPherson's attorney. It
was generally supposed that the Judge
had himself been a victim to McPherson's
wiles, but ho denies that he ever lost a
cent by the schemer. For a few years
Judge Brown has been a speculator, and
It would now appear that these ventures
have proven financially disastrous.
Up to a year ago the Judge was the
heaviest financial supporter of the Oak
land Psychic Society, being an ardent ad
mirer of the genius of Madame Montague,
the clever little spiritualist. Madame
Montague did many things that puzzled
her friends and her attorneys, but it is
not considered likely that she received
such support from the Judge as to involve
him in financial difficulties. Five years
ago the Judge was chief counsel for the
Southern Pacific Company In the conduct
of the great water front trials.
_ . -*_»■ . ;
Death of Dr. Hinkle.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— J. M. Hlnkle
died at his home, 1304 Franklin street, to
d-iv His death Is attributed to intestinal
trouble coupled with other complications.
Deceased was aged 72 years and had re
sided in this city nearly twenty-five years.
nractlclng as a specialist for many, years
across the bay. He leaves a widow and
one daughter, Mrs. John F. Ames. _;_V;
New Hector for St. John's.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— The trustees of St
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 27. 1399.
John's Episcopal Church have chosen
Rev. Martin M. Ray of the Episcopal
church of Litchfield, Minn., to succeed
Rev. F. J. Mynard, who preaches his last
sermon to-morrow. Rev. Martin M. Ray
is a man of middle age and has a family.
He is said to be a man of ability and elo
quent. Although St. John's has been es
tablished forty j-ears it has only had two
rectors. Its founder. Rev. Father Akerlj*.
resigned four years ago and was suc
ceeded by Rector Mj-nard.
Miss Pratt's Funeral.
OAKLAND. Aug. 26. — The funeral
of Miss Ethel A. Pratt, who died
ANDREW MARTIN WINS
A BELLE FOR HIS ERIDE
THE most Interesting engagement
of many a season was made public
yesterday with the announcement
of the betrothal of Miss Genevieve
Goad and Andrew D. Martin.
Congratulations came pouring In all
day on the happy young couple, hnd
besides the fact of the engagement so
ciety had added pleasure in the knowl
edge that the wedding would tako
place in the early part of October.
The fair young bride to be is the
daughter of the late W. Frank Goad
and the youngest of a trio of sisters,
all noted for their beauty, wit and ac
complishments. Andrew Martin is the
youngest son of Mrs. Eleanor Martin
under peculiar circumstances last
Thursday, took place this afternoon
from the residence of her parents,
Dr. and Mrs. A. H. Pratt, 1659 Grove
street. Rev. C. H. Hobart conducted the
services, which were very impressive. The
dove-colored couch casket was hidden in
flora] tributes. The pallbearers were Mrs.
iP. Williamson. Misses Louisa Conklin.
Lulu Rued, Grace Wastell, Maude Hines
and Edna McKee.
Did Gachnauer Leave a Will?
OAKLAND, Aug. Public Adminis
trator B. C. Hawes to-day applied for
letters on the estate of Philip L. Gach-
nauer, who died in Alameda on the 16th
Inst. Deceased was formerly a thrifty
Alameda butcher, reputed to be worth be
tween $6000 and $10,000. He left a widow
and two children, who at present reside
near the Catallna Islands. It was sup-
posed that he left a will disposing of his
estate, but none has been filed thus far.
Captain Was Drunk.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 26.
There was one accident during the
gorgeous naval parade ln honor of Cali
fornia's returning warriors from Manila
last Thursday which, though lt attracted
but little notice at the time, has been
called to the attention of the Governor
and may result In an Investigation of the
Commissioners who have charge of the
Inspection of hulls and boilers of vessels
in San Francisco Bay.
The Cecelia, a steam launch, which ac
cording to several prominent people, who
were aboard her on Thursday, should
have been condemned long ago, if she is
not already ostracized from worthy craft
hood, was chartered by a young ljos
Angeleno, who . had conceived the ilea
of turning a few dollars by cruising
parties about the bay on the day of the
parade. X-XlX* ■
Many who had been' unable to secure
even standing room on good vessels at
any premium had availed themselves of
the, Cecelia's inducements, and among
the passengers that : made up the party
were M. -L. Wurts, the owner of the
Wurts block in this city, together with
his wife and his slstcr-ln-toiw. Miss Sny
der; Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Williams of 297
Valencia street, San Francisco; Edward
E. Barn ham, a prominent attorney of
Santa Rosa, and nis wife, and in brief
there were about twenty ladles - and
gentlemen In all.. : .*■ ■---':■-.' ''..•
The Cecelia bad hardly left its moorings
with its merry party of cruisers aboard
when it was discovered that the alleged
master mariner In charge was so much
under the influence of liquor that he ■ was
unable to control the launch, nor would
the machinery respond to its duties. Sud
denly the big ferry steamer Newark hove
In sight, but not within such prox
imity as to give the party the least alarm.
This, however, was shortly changed when
Mr. Wurts and others perceived that the
captain was directing . his craft - and its
burden of humanity on a bee line for the
big steamer, : and before . the mariner
BAY ROMANCE
REVEALED BY
BLANK NOTICE
Marriage on Ferry-
Boat Oakland.
Oakland Offlce, San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 26.
v ■{-■:
>. On ferry steamer Oak
*> land, August 9, 1899, at 10 p. m., on
► the Alameda side of the bay, by the
>* Rev. John A. B. Wilson, Mr.
** of San Francisco and Miss
\> of Los Angeles.
►
The above marriage notice in yester- j
day's Call, which appears as a puzzle, was
made quite clear by a search in the rec- |
j ords in the County Recorder's office to- j
| day. The groom is Jacob T. Scholl of San j
Francisco and the bride Miss Christine H. |
Whitson of Los Angeles. In his license j
Mr. Scholl stated he was twenty-four
years old, while his wife ls Just six years
younger.
When they decided to be married a ro
mantic^ idea came into their heads. They
wanted to be the hero and heroine of a
tugboat marriage, but Scholl has read
so much in the newspapers recently re
garding the illegality of such weddings, j
that he decided to carry out his idea in i
an abridged manner. With his sweetheart I
he called on Rev. J. A. B. Wilson of San j
Francisco and told him of their desire, i
Miss Whitson had previously come to j
Oakland and secured the necessary 11- I
cense. Dr. Wilson told them that they
could not be married on that license un-
less they were within the jurisdiction of
Alameda county, but otherwise he was
quite willing to unite them on sea or land
or even in a balloon, so long as the wed
ding was one that could be entered into
in good faith by both parties.
Being assured that there was nothing :
more serious than a romantic notion In |
the affair. Rev. Wilson boarded the ferry- |
boat Oakland on the 9th inst. and after !
passing Goat Island the ceremony began. !
It was ended just before the boat reached ;
' the Oakland slip and was performed so i
quietly and in a remote corner of the j
salon, that the passengers were not aware i
' of the little incident.
The party returned to San Francisco on '
the same boat. Mr. and Mrs. Scholl went j
to their new home at 155 Blossom street !
and made no secret of their little es- j
i capade. !
It is not vet made plain why the Scholia
j should have published a skeleton wedding ;
I announcement two weeks after the cere- \
i mony. The license was recorded In this ;
: county by Rev. Dr. Wilson on August
1 14th.
and brother of the popular beaus,
Peter D. and Walter S. Martin. Mr.
Martin is one of the heirs of the vast
Donahue estate, and has quite a repu
tation as a host, entertaining fre
quently and jointly with his mother at
their elegant mansion on Broadway.
Since Mr. Goad's death the young
fiancee has divided her time between
her sisters, Mrs. Osgood Hooker (nee
Ella Goad), and Mrs. Charles K. Mc
intosh (nee Alleen Goad). As to the
approaching marriage no details have
as yet been arranged, but taking into
consideration the high social standing
of the young couple and their great
popularity it will probably be a bril
liant affair.
could be convinced of his recklessness !
the Impending danger became so realistic i
that life preservers were promptly put
about the women, who actually knelt
down on the deck and prayed and
screamed to be rescued. Suddenly the '
little craft crashed into the Newark, and
to avoid being totally wrecked by the
paddle wheels of the big steamer the men '
folks placed their hands so against the j
steamer that the little launch swayed
back, when the Newark was brought to j
a full stop and the Cecelia party rescued.
The Cecelia had her railing torn away,
while her decks and cabin were demol- -
ished, and if she was not condemned be- i
fore this her present condition precludes all
doubts as to her future. Her unworthi
ness as a craft and the fact of her navi- j
gator's Intoxication were promptly report
ed at the office of the Inspector of hulls ;
and boilers, in San Francisco.
"We had not left the inspector's office \
very far behind us," said Mr. Wurts.
"when we were followed and approached
by two men, who claimed to have come,
from the inspector's office. They wished
to know whether the matter could not be
compromised, and appeared to be very so- ,
licitous about it. We were in that frame '
of mind where we concluded that we had j
simply done our duty, and any monetary |
compromise was way out of the question.
On the other hand, the audacity to put
the proposition seemed to us so grotesque
that we deemed it a further duty to rile
a copy of our complaint with the Gov
ernor, pointing out that the Commission
ers were derelict in their duties in allow
ing such a craft as the Cecelia to go out,
and asking for an investigation.".
Attorney Uarnham was quite vigorous I
In his denunciation of the affair, that I
came so near ending disastrously, and he
declares that he will push the matter to j
an issue. _________________
Destruction of Cervera's Fleet.
Chaplain Walter G. Isaacs, who was on
the United States battleship Massachus
etts during the engagement at Santiago
de Cuba, will lecture at the Young Men's
Christian Association Auditorium, Mason
and Ellis streets, next Thursday evening
at 8 o'clock on "Schley's Flying Squadron
and the Destruction of' Cervera's Fleet."
ESTABLISHES NEW RECORDS.
Harry Elkes Sets a New Notch for
Bicyclists to Strive After.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. Harry D.
Elkes of Boston, the champion middle
distance bicyclist of the world, to-day
broke the records for eleven, twelve, thir
teen, fourteen and fifteen miles at the
Woodside Park track. The new records
were made in what was to have been a
thirty-five mile race between Elkes, Burns
Pierce of Boston Archie McEachern, the
Canadian, and William Steenson of Cam*
bridgeport, Mass., but owing to the heavy
rainstorm only twenty miles were ridden.
The contestants were paced by motor
cycles. McEachern lost whatever chance
he might : have _ had owing to - the break
down 'of his pacing machine. He con
fined in the race, however, riding twenty
one miles. Elkes took the lead at the
start and was-never headed, finishing the
twenty-four miles in 41:16 1-5. His time
for eleven miles was 18:40. previous record
18:46; twelve miles 20:22 1-5; previous rec
ord 20:28 1-5; thirteen miles 22:03, previous
record 22:09; fourteen miles 23:46 2-5 .pre
vious record 23:51 3-5; fifteen miles 2;>:30 2-5,
previous record 25:33 2-5. Pierce rode
twenty-three miles and two laps and
Steenson rode twenty-three miles.
AT INGLESIDE
Continued From Eighth Page.
son's St. Oran beat Bartel Bros.' TV inning ,
Style; A. Ohmeyer's Fleetfoot beat Joe Perry a
Black Chief; J. Dean's Belle of Anderson beat
M. B. Kavanagh's The Earl; Sebine & Daly a
Shylock Boy beat J. Byrne's Olympus: J.
O'Shea's Young America beat J. Quane s Mari
etta; 11. Lynch's Lexington beat Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Miss Penman; E. D. Fallon's Lily
of the West beat J. Byrne's Elevenspot; D.
Shannon's Soubrette beat T. J. McHugh s Moss
rose; G. M. Abercrombie's Irma beat E. Relay s
Chauncy; Schlper & Powers' Matchless beat
Joe Perry's Commodore Nash; S. Hansen L.
S. Conley beat H. A. Deckelman's Flyaway;
Connell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant beat D. Fords
Juanita; T. Cooney's Modesty beat A. Oh
meyer's Rosebud; J. Keenan's Royal Oak beat
R. Prlnsrle's Honor Bright; J. Bradshaw's
Hazel Dell beat E. Maloney's Preclta Girl; J.
Seggerson's Gold Hill beat J. Keenan's Black
lock; J. Mooney's Silent Treasure beat T. J.
Cronln's Arab: T. J. Cronln's Wild Tralee beat
Murphy & Toland's Ornament; O. Abercrom
bie's Victor King beat T. J. McHugh's Maid
of the Mill: Curtis & Son's Cash beat Sebine &
Daly's Gypsy; T. Sullivan's Maid of the Hill
beat Kay & Trant's Christmas Day; Murphy &
Toland's Pleasant Girl beat T. J. McHugh s
Empress; Handy & Smith's Mona beat A. A.
Duncan's Royal Chief; M. B. Kavanagh's Hard
Dines beat J. Edmond's Morning Glory; J. Kee
nan's Royal Buck beat E. M. Kellogg's lowa
Girl; Handy & Smith's Lady Hugo beat Kay
& Trant's Eclipse; Murphy & Toland's Twi
light Jr. beat J. Ferris' Cleopatra; E. M. Kel
logg's Hummer beat M. B. Kavanaugh's Swed
ish; T. Coonev's Black Hawk beat
Locker & Lyon's Moloch; W. C. Glas-
Eon's Terrnnite beat E. Baumelster's
Winning Ways; Bennett & Pearl's Rey Del
beat J H. Spencer's Miss Manila; S. E. Por
tal's Gallagher beat W. C. Glasson's Border's
Valentine; J. I. O'Brien's Statesman beat J.
McCormack's Primrose; J. Rounlngln's Demp
sey Lass beat D. Ford's Bonita; A. Massey's
Hadiwist beat C. Peach's Lady Peach; Lowe
& Thompson's Prince Hal beat J. Anthony's
Patriot; H. Pinkham's Newsboy beat A. Mas
sev's Hot Stuff; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Lady
Herschel beat R. B. Moorehead's Slippers; E.
Baumeister's Warrior beat P. Q. Blick's Fe
dora; Kay & Trant's Diana beat Locker &
Lyons' Dick L.
JOHN MORTON LAID TO REST
The remains of John Morton were
borne from his late residence, Ellis and
Taylor streets, yesterday afternoon to
the family plat In Laurel Hill Cemetery.
The deceased was one of the best known
men in San Francisco among the commer
cial .Mass. He was president of the Mor
ton Draying and Warehouse Company
I and also of the firm of the Morton Spe
j cial Delivery Company. In addition to
: these business interests Mr. Morton was
: known and recognized among the business
! men of this city as one of the early pio
neers and helpers in founding San Fran
cisco. He with his two brothers—Reu
ben (deceased) and Sargent S.. receiver
in the United States Land Office— arrived
in San Francisco in the early 50's and at
| once proceeded to acquire property and
: make a home for themselves and their
1 families. -
The building and equipage of the
original Lone Mountain line of horse
cars that transferrred their pas
sengers at Turk and Taylor streets
for Lone Mountain, and also which
extended down Sixth street, as well
as the building of the Geary street cable
line from Kearny street to Central aye- !
nue, and from there to Golden Gate
Park by steam dummy, were some of
their prosperous undertakings. But chief-
lv draying was one which John Morton
stuck to with a will which placed him
at the. head of one of the best equipped
stables on the Pacific Coast. His ability
to handle heavy shipments had been rec
ognized by the United States Government
as soon as the Spanish war was declared
and after the great Dewey had silenced
the guns of Spain in the bay of Manila
then the Government contracted with
John Morton & Co. to do all of its haul-
ing from train to transport.
During the long years in which the Mor
ton brothers resided in this city they ac-
cumulated quite a large fortune, and at
one time they scarcely knew their wealth.
To show how easy it was to Induce them
to go into heavy Investments the late
James Fair induced John Morton to in-
vest in Best & Belcher, which cost him
$300,000. Since the death of Mrs. Morton,
about a year ago. the deceased lost heart
and after three days* sickness he died at
the age of 79 years. He leaves two sons—
W. R. and 11. D.— and one brother. Sar-
gent, to mourn his loss.
WEEOTT IN BAD LUCK.
The matter of the collision between the
Weeott and the McDowell last Friday
morning on the bay has been referred to
Port Collector Jackson. W. H. Ellis, the
master in charge of the Weeott. has a
master's license, but has no pilot 11
--cense which is required of the masters
of all' vessels plying in the waters of the
bay and its tributaries. The usual pen
alty in such cases is a fine of $100 on the
master and $500 on the owner of the yes-
The Weeott went on the rocks up the
coast a short time ago and the McDow
ell in July of last year collided with a
launch from the transport Scandia, caus
ing the death of Mrs. Paxton.
A Soldier Injured.
Thomas McDonough. a soldier, was in
ternally injured last evening riding
on a Haight-street car. When the car
reached Gough street it was struck by a
runaway horse. McDonough attempted to
turn the animal's head away, when he
was struck in the stomach by one of the
shafts. Injuring him severely. -He- was
taken to the railroad hospital, where the
doctors pronounced the wound dangerous.
KETCHUM CONFESSES.
Admits That He Planned Several
Train Bobberies. X\Xi;, •', -;V '
TRINIDAD. Colo., Aug. 26.— While being
conveyed from this city to the ! peniten
ts? rv at Santa Fe. N. M.. Ketchum alias
••nir.rk Tack" broke down and confessed
his identity -to Sheriff Stewart of Eddy
cStewort-.-n.ad. known him for years anl
*n him iretchum said he had planned the
robbery of the Gulf train near Folsom In
1897.- He was in Arizona when the robocry
occi-red and his share of the haul. $000,
was taken to him by a member of the
ran* He declared he did not know cf
the Colorado - and Southern hold-up of
July 11 until Informed of it after his cap-
He told the officer he had been to con
stant dread of losing his life and had de
sired to go to South America. For this
reason he planned . to rob the Colorado
and Southern train this month and deter
mined That if he got $500 from the ex
tress car he would go there. He said he
{.ad been in Mexico for a year, returning
from there but a short time ago.
HOBART DOING WELL.
Invalid Passed a Good Night and Is
Resting Easy.
Resting , Easy.
DEL MONTE, Aug. Walter Hooart.
who was taken 111 with typhoid pneumo
nia soor. after his arrival here last week,
Is in about the same condition to-day as
for several days past, and Is. says Dr.
MacMonagle. his physician, doing as well
as eouid be expected. .-. ,-^-j'Xi*.
He passed a fairly good night last night
and has rested easier during the day.
though still in a critical condition. Dr.
MacMonagle was telegraphed for on Tues*
div and has been In close attcnaance ever
sirice Mr. Hobart has never been strong
since* recent operation for appendicitis,
thc.uEb the operation was perfectly suc
cessful. He had barely recovered when
he came here, and his present illness i?
■snmethine in the nature of a relapse with
flTadchtfon of a deep cold. It was said
fiat the illness was caused by his ovei
taxing his strength in endeavoring to
oractice for the polo match, but .his
f- -ends and physicians say there is no
trut.i in this report. *-'XX, ': '■'*
Fires hi Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. There were
two fires last night about midnight. One
was. in a . Chinese washhouse on Pacific
avenue the main business street, and the
other was the home of an Italian family
near the Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
. -•>— '
Fighters Escape Indictment. *
SIOUX CITY, lowa, Aug. 26.— The
Grand Jury to-day failed to Indict "Aus
tralian Billy" Murphy and Patsy Magner,
prize-fighters, and * their seconds and
ackers, who were under arrest for en
gaging ln a fight.
■ ♦ «
See Keith's announcement, page twelve. *
See Keith's announcement, page twelve. •
WYOMING'S EXECUTIVE
SAW THE CELEBRATION
GOVERNOR D. F. RICHARDS cf Wyoming arrived at the Occidental last
night, where he will, remain until the transport Grant, now on her way here
with his State's volunteers, is reported. His object, and that of the large
party that accompanies him. Is- to be the first to extend the hand of wel
come to the brave lads who have done so much to uphold the honor of their flag
and to shed a glorious luster on the State they represent.
When seen last night shortly after his arrival Governor Richards said that as
soon as the Wyoming volunteers are mustered out they will be taken home in a
special train, the expense of which will be borne by the people of their State. As
soon as they arrive home they will be the guests of honor at a monster demonstra
tion which has been prepared for the occasion of their return.
Medals especially provided by Legislative action will be presented to them,
positions will be obtained for those out of employment and everything which a
grateful State has to offer will be theirs to command.
The Governor was met at the hotel by Colonel, Andrews, representing the State
executive, and the whole party, without waiting to go to their apartments, entered
carriages and hurried off to view the celebration. Which they subsequently char
acterized as the most magnificent affair of the sort they had ever witnessed.
Governor Richards was elected to his present position last fall, and before that
time had served with honor and distinction in both branches of his State's Legis
lature. '.X .'■*-'■'. *l -V-•
Those In the gubernatorial party are Major F. M. Foote, First Wyoming In
fantry; Adjutant General F. A. Stitzer. Colonel A. P. Hanson. Colonel P. Covert,
Captain P. Sullivan, Captain Charles Jackson, Captain John Indall, Mrs. Captain
Clark, Mrs. Lieutenant W. H. Rouse, Mrs. Thorpe and J. Hope Sutor.
NOMINATION OF M'LEAN
IS NOW CONCEDED
CINCINNATI. Aug. 26.— At the county j
' conventions held in different parts of the
State to-day the list of delegates to the J
State Democratic Convention at Zanes- j
ville next Wednesday was completed,
showing the following results for the
nomination for Governor:
Out of 802 there are only 289 instructed.
as follows: McLean 158. Kilbourne 69. I
Sherwood 36, Seward 11, Chapman 7, Has-
kell 8.
Of the 513 uninstructed men the McLean
men are as confident of 320 as of those
having instructions, making the McLean
vote 478 on the first ballot, or seventy-six
more than necessary. :•>
After the delegates once record their
vote for their local favorites, the McLean
men claim, not iess than 45 will go
to McLean, making his strength 523, or
121 more than necessary. The contested
votes will not change the result, as the
contests are said to be between McLean
men mostly. The principal contest is over
the 64 votes in Cuyahoga County.
Advices from different parts of the State
to-night concede the nomination of Mc-
Lean and show a good sentiment for Col-
onel James Kilbourne for Lieutenant Gov
ernor.
TRUSTY ESCAPES.
Frank Sterling Climbs Out of a Jail
Window at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 26.— Frank Ster
ling, alias E. J. Ward, is wanted by Sher
iff Besse for -breaking. He was serv
ing a three months' term in the County
JaU and was one of the trusties employed
in the kitchen. At the windows are heavy
Iron screens fastened with padlocks. He
broke the lock and escaped out of the
window.
Sterling was discharged from the Sac
ramento jail on August 4 after having
served a six months' term for stealing a
bicycle. He was then brought to Santa
Ciuz and given three months on the same
charge. He is about 28 years old, 5 feet
7 Irenes in height, rather slim build and
was smooth shaven when he left. A re
ward has been offered for his capture.
_»
New World's Record Made.
NEWTON, Mass., Aug. 26.— The national
championship of the Amateur Athletic
Union in track and field events was de
cided to-day on the athletic field of the
Riverside Club. The world's discus throw
ing record was broken by Richard Shel
don, N. Y. A. C, who scored 122 feet osg
inches, breaking the world's record by 4
feet 3-?» Inches.
A. C. Kraenzlein of Pennsylvania, who
wore the winged foot of the New York
Athletic Club, was the star of the day,
scoring three firsts and two seconds. Ber
nard Wefers, the sprinter, was twice beat
en. —
CHICAGO, Aug. 26.— Two world's rec
ords were broken to-day at the Ravens
wood athletic field. In a ten-mile match
race between Tom Butler of Boston and
C. S. Porter of Chicago, paced by a gaso
line motor, the former won in 16:57 1-5.
The former record was 17:01 2-5, held by
Tom Linton.
Fred Staples of Ravenswood won a two
mile amateur, paced by a motor, ln 3:26 2-5.
The former amateur record was 3:42*4.
SOLDIERS START
A SMALL RIOT
At 1:30 this morning a policeman at
tempted to arrest a noisy soldier at the
corner of Stockton and Market streets
and created a small sized riot. The crowd
jumped the officer and took his club and
his prisoner away from him. He was be
ing roughly handled when he made hhs es
cape. Three patrol wagons filled with
officers went to the scene, but when they
arrived the crowd had dispersed. The
patrol wagons and the extra officers re
HALE AND HEARTY AT
FOUR SCORE AND TEN
"FATHER" WAUGH CELEBRATES HIS 91ST BIRTHDAY
VENERABLE FATHER LORENZO WAUGH. the oldest Methodist
oreacher on this coast, will celebrate the ninety-first anniversary of
bis j birth in Howard Methodist Episcopal Church this evening. He
will deliver an address on "'The Secret of a Green Old Age." Rev.
lohn A. B. Wilson will also speak. .
Father Waugh was born near Greenbrier River. West Virginia, on the
28th day of August, 1808. He was the oldest of twelve children. In his
younger days he knew Daniel Webster, John Quincy Adams, Thomas A.
Benton and other great men who figured in American history. He arrived
in California in 1852, having come over the plains in an ox team, and on his
arrival was met by General Vallejo, who made him a present of 320 acres in
Sonoma County. This land he afterward divided between his children,
retaining forty acres for himself, which he afterward sold for $5500.
It has always been the aged minister's boast that he never used tobacco
or intoxicating liquor of any kind, and to this fact he attribues his long life.
He is now residing in Los Olivos, Santa Barbara County.
mained on Market street until daylight.
At an early hour this morning it was
stated at the hospital that the soldier
picked up at Stockton and Market streets
would die from cerebral hemorrhage. He
is a member of Company A, First Cali
fornia Volunteers.
RECEPTION TO
BATTERY D
Battery D, First Battalion. California
Heavy Artillery, was visited in camp at
the Presidio yesterday afternoon by a
delegation of relatives and friends,' who
came all the way from Los Angeles and
Southern California to welcome . the sol
dier boys who hail from that section of
the State. The reception was something
in the nature of a. surprise and the artil
lerymen were completely carried off their
feet by the warmth of the greeting.
The Los Angelenos swooped down. upon
the camp shortly before 2 o'clock and
overwhelming the guard by sheer fore*
of numbers, gathered their heroes in their
arms and almost carried them to tne
Y. M. C. A. building within the reserva
tion, where for the next two hours they
were fondled, hugged, kissed and forced
to listen to eloquent words of praise
showered upon them by the orators from
the south. Then they were taken back
to their temporarily deserted camp and
feasted on fruits and other delicacies,
which they generously divided with their
comrades of Battery A.
Colonel A. L. Crane of Los Angeles pre
sided at the reception and made a very
brief speech telling of the object of the
gathering. Judge B. N. Smith of. the
Superior Court of Los Angeles County
followed with a stirring address filled
with patriotic utterances and words of
lavish but well deserved praise, which
brought a flush of embarrassment to the
browned faces of the soldiers before him.
Then came aged Captain Cameron E.
Thorn, an ex-Confederate and former
Mayor of Los Angeles; whose two sons
are members of the battery, who wel
comed the soldiers with a voice that
trembled with emotion. He was followed
by Colonel Blennernassett, also a veteran.
of the Confederate army, who made a
speech that vibrated with intensity of
feeling and brought the soldiers and all
present to their feet a dozen times cheer
ing like mad and as often sent the tears
unconsciously coursing down their cheeks.
But the climax of the reception came
during a speech by Lieutenant Diss of
Battery D when that officer referred to
the good angel of the artillery organiza
tion, Mrs. J. M. Griffith of Los Angeles.
In opening his remarks he eaid:
"When we learned of the magnificent
reception San Francisco was preparing in
honor of the returning California volun
teers we expected that naturally the First
Regiment would overshadow us. In fact
we expected to be lost in the shuffle; but
we have been found and found so well
that we are practically foundered."
Then the speaker referreu to the grand
work and open-handed generosity of Mr?.
Griffith. In an Instant every batteryman
was on his feet waving his hat and cheer
ing like a lunatic. It was a spontaneous
outburst of affectionate regard that lasted
until the hysterical soldiers* were too
breathless to continue. The object of this
remarkable demonstration was too much
overcome to respond in words. She could
only bow her thanks wnile she . choked
down the sobs struggling In her throat.
Later, at her request. Secretary W. H.
Anderson made a short speech in her be.
half, thanking the volunteers for the
tribute. -* .;;'-■<-■- .■■-*■_- *'.*; £ ._•■ XI-
Mayor Fred Eaton of Los Angeles. Cap
tain Clark, formerly chaplain of the
Seventh California Regiment: Major Rice,
commanding the First Battalion, and Ben
Fehnemann made short speeches and the
Mayor promised the boys an even greater
and more enthusiastic reception upon
their return than they received in San
Francisco. .-' : - > - -
The following resolutions of thanks
were adopted, after which the . soldiers
and their friends from home returned to
their camp on the hillside: ' .
1516
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BrSINE-sS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call "corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-SB Montgomery street,
corner . .... open until "'<*■;';'•-•.,,,„,.
,W0 Hayes treet . pen until 9:30 0 clock.
ri McAllister street; pen until 9.-.0 o clock. ,
KS Lnrkin street: open until l 9:30 O clock.
v*4l Ml*--.lon- street: open until 10 o clock..
I en until 10 o clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. l._._«/.v
JM Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
KM Mission street; open until 9 o'clock--
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH SERVICES.
, At Thf Strancebs' Sabbath Home
\ i (._,) Howard St. Methodist- L;piscop*i
I. C Chuich Bet 3d & 3-1 Sts. Seats Free.
S . Hiv. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Pastor
tin i 'UP I Kes. bythe Church. Tel. Black 90-.
Mi ; Msl n**-.'-rt**b'e seat )
MtC*rW, A Isl lurteous > Await yoa
\* i <&_'!*! UH--.-,' ..el.on-.e >-
•at 'fm~-~~* •-"• "- m-- "PO-*-- Tim.- and Harvest.
ffliSa '!•____ Offertory solo. "Come Unto Me"
3. ' -Bsß|l-t-*' iToslie). Mrs. Anson Hilton. 7:30,
%|Tl_Blßtß--l Ninety-first birthday celebration
of Father Waugh. Abo will be present. Ser-
mon on the "Secret of a Green Old Age."
Trio song by Mr. and Mrs. Anson Hilton and
Miss Ethel Perkins.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Pow-
ell and Geary sts.. Rev. John Hemphill, D.D..
pastor— Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Rev. Gilbert Reid, D.D.. will preach ln the
morning. The pastor in the evening. Topic,
"Harmony Between Creed and Deed." Music
morning, anthem, "I Will Magnify" (F).
Schneckcr; offertory, "Love Not the World,"
Sullivan; alio solo. Mrs. .1. E. Birmingham
nn.l quartet. Music evening, anthem. '"Thou
Wilt Keep him." M. it Foster; offertory.
"Ait Thou Weary?" Schnecker; solos and
quartet. All are most cordially Invited.
FIKST Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason. sis.-Rev. George C. Adams,
D.D., pastor, 11 a. m.. Rev. L. D. Bevan,
D.D.; of Melbourne, Australia, will preach.
7:!.". p. 111.. sermon by the pastor. Theme.
"The Home-Going of a Faithful Servant."
All ire cordially ln vited.
FIRST Unitarian Church, southwest corner of
Oeary and Franklin sts.. Rev. ratio Steb-
bins. D.D., minister emeritus— Sunday school
at 10 a. m. Morning service ■„■ 11 o'clock.
Chaplain Frederick C. Bnwi!. I*. B. N.. of
the L*. .-*'. .*-' lowa, will occupy the pulpit.
All are cordially Invited. There will be nc
evening service.
CHURCH of the Advent (Episcopal). Eleventh
CHI If 'll of the A Eleventh
tt.. near Market, Rev. Herbert Parrish. rec-
tor—Services 7 and 11 a. m. Evensong, *!:ii
p. m. The rector will preach at both ser-
\ ices. Vested choir. Seats free.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion St.. between Sixth and Seventh— Dr.
Charles Edward Locke, pastor, will preach.
('lass meetings 9:30 a. m. and 12:30 p. m. At
11 a. m. infant and adult baptism and recep-
tion of probationers: short address by Dr.
Locke. At 7:45 p. m., subject l "The Ene-
mies of the Home." No. 3 ln the Home Cir-
cle Series. Sunday school at 1 p. m. ; Rollh
V. Watt, superintendent. Endeavors Society
8t 6 p. m. This Is a people's church. Every-
body is cordially invited. Seats all free.
GRACE M. E. Church, corner Twenty-first and
*'app sts.. Rev. J. N. Beard. D.D., pastor-
Preachlng by the pastor at 11 a. m. Sun-
day school at 12:45 p. m. Epworth League
at 6:4>,p. m. Preaching by the pastor at
7:45 p. m. a-.* free. All are cordially In-
vited.
NEW Jerusalem Church iSwedenborgian), 162.
.* : -v ede-iborgian). 162<
O'FRrrell St.— The pastor, Rev. D. V. Bowen
wiil preach at 11 a. m. Subject, "Corre-
spondences, or Spiritual Law in the Natural
World." Free library of new church books.
No evening service.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter St., bet. Kearny and Grant
aye. — Christian Science Bible lesson, 11 a. m. ;
subject, "Man." Sunday school for children
at the same hour. Wednesday evening meet-
ing at 8 o'clock. All are welcome.
THE Theosophlcal Society— Popular lecture,
• >dd Fellows' building, corner Seventh and
Market sts.. to-night at 8 o'clock. Subject,
"Karma Astrologically Considered." by Mrs.
M. C Bell Lotus circle, 11 a. m. Inquirers'
meetings Thursdays 2:30 p. m. Headquarters
and library-, rooms 5, 6, 7, Odd Fellows' bldg.
MISSION to Israel, 1133 Mission st. bet. Bey-
' enth and Eighth— Next Tuesday evening,
August 29, W. E. Blackstone, evangelist of
the Hebrew Mission of Chicago, 111., will
speak. Subject, "Satan, His Kingdom and
Its Overthrow." Also pinging by himself,
wife and son. All are cordially Invited.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 32.
I'ost st.— Preaching 11 a. m. by C. A. Par*
kin. Subject, "The True Light, Eternal
Life; How Obtained; Its Source." 7:45 p. m.,
preaching by A. c. Barmore. This church
was organized to proclaim the restored cos*
pel as a "sign" of the coming of Jesus
Christ to Judge the world.
THE First Divine Science Church— E.
Cramer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m., sub-
ject. "Healing Through Divine Science." Ser-
vices every Sunday In Yosemlte Hall, Nativ*
Sons' building. Mason St., between Geary an_
Post. Take elevator.
FRIENDS' meeting at Swarthmore Hall. 570
Harrison street, between First and Second.
4 blocks from Second and Market, every first
day (Sunday) at 11 a. m. Strangerß in the
city made welcome. No collections.
SPECIAL gospel meetings at the hall. 11 City j
Hall square, near Market, every evening ex- !
cept Monday and Saturday^ at 8 o'clock. Sub-
ject. Sunday evening, "Eternal Life." Ad- |
dress to the anxious and young Christians |
(undenominational). H. A. Ironside, evange- \
list. Bible class Sunday mornings at 10 !
o'clock. Come— bring your Bible.
EVANGELIST WILLIAM E. BLACKSTONE !
of Chicago will speak at Welcome Hall. 926
Howard street, between Fifth and Sixth.
Sunday evening, Aug. 27. "He Died For Me." j
Tuesday evening, Aug. 29, Cambrian Hall. ]
1123 Mission street. "Satan, His Kingdom, and
Its Overthrow." Mr. Plackstone and family
will ping at both meetings. Everybody wel-
come.
MEETINGS — Sunday.
A FREE lecture this evening at 8 o'clock on
"Cremation, Its History and Importance as :
a Sanitary Measure" (by request), by Dr. j
J. Depew Kergan (of Drs. K. & X.'s Elec- :
trie Sanitarium) at Crystal Hall, Pythian
CaEtle, -"/J Market st., followed by magnifi- j
cent art views. Those attending this lecture
niay procure free tickets to the wonderful
X-ray exhibition on Tuesday evening next, j
AT DR. PINES' Spiritual Society, M Market— \
11, free: 2-8, 10c; Mrs. Seeley, Vlgers, Katie j
Hussman, Davison; 10th anniversary Wednes-
day. 8 p. m., at 909 Market, September 6,
MM; free; collection; all welcome.
AT S. F. Free Thought -Ing, 1133 Mission
st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth. 8 p. m.; sub-
ject, -'Can Religious Truth Be Demonstrat-
ed?" Free.
JOHN SLATER circle to-night. 8:15 sharp, at
his parlors, I*o9 Stockton st., near Green-
*■ wich; private sittings dally, 10 to 4.
A-MRS. ERERHARDT'S spiritual test meet-
Ing. S p. m. ; lOe. 3250 Twenty-second st., bet.
Valencia und Mission.
Mi:.- S. Bl :i prophetic seer; meetings Bun.,
Tues.. Fri. at fc, 10c; readings dally, 50c. 1724
Market st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages
to-night, 605 McAllister; 10c; come skeptics.
Friendship Hall. 235 McAllltter— Test meeting
by Mrs. C. J. Meyer and others; 8 p. m.; 100.
A TEST meeting Bun., 2 and 8 p. m.; LOo; 9A
6th st.; It. A. Stltt. Mrs. Bird. Vlrgar. others.
MRS. HARLANDS test circle to-night: sealed
letters read; 10c; readings dally. 34 Sixth st.
MOTHER SADIE, materialising seance to-day,
12 o'clock. 50c. 409 Leavenworth St.
EDWARD EARLE. K*o Ellis st.; seance to-
night. 25c.
MEETINGS — liilvrri.nl Drotherhuod.
THEOSOPHICAL Society ln America-Lee-
ture to-night. "Memories of Past Lives." by
H. H. Somers: International Brotherhood
League Tuesday night, subject, "Idea., of
Youth." Academy of Sciences Hal!, 819
Market st
MEETING NOTICES.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. R. Goodwin ln the Blrdseye
Creek placer mine, at You Bet. Nevada
County, to deposit tailings in an old pit; from
Mrs. E. A. Cox. ln the Washington mine, at
Whisky Diggings. Sierra County, to deposit '
tailings in Fourth Ravine, and from George I
W. Stone ami James J. Bchenrlch, In the Red
Hill gravel mine, near Diamond Springs, El
Dorado County, to deposit tailings In a ra-
vine and In Ringgold Creek, gives notice I
that a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood I
building, San Francisco. Cal.. on September
4. UM, at 1:30 P. m.
AT Friendship Hall. 335 McAllister st . to-day.
2 and 8 p. m., tests by good mediums. 10c.
ATTOUNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. \V. King, attorney at Jaw.
sixth or, Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
lire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to th» Parrott build-
ing. sir,--;:, Market st.: tel. South 215. -j
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. R. PARKER, 616 Market St., room 67; advice
free; charge low; business pushed.
NAGLE & NAGLE, Attorneys-at-Law, Emma
Spreckels building, 937 Market st.
L S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. "W.
"■'.'. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD. 4"1 Cal. St.. designs, audits A
adjusts accounts for corporations A Arms; ref.
BOARD AND KOOMS.
*. FAIRMOUNT— Strictly first-class: 1714
Market st.. S. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room, $1 per day up;
suites without board. $1 per day; single rooms,
5Cc; special rates by month, also to tourists.
ROOM and board on ranch near Calistoga;
large orchard of fruit; plenty milk and cream;
good spring water; terms. Hi per week. Ad-
dress P. O. box 146. Calistoga, Napa Co.. Cal.
FRUITVALE; priv. board; extensive grounds,
mcl. orchard; Hopkins House, Hopkins and
Fruitvale ay. ; cars pass. Ad. Diamond P. O.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market— Parlor. 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private: bath; board op.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant, makes advances at
lowest rates on valuables of all descriptions.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY having nice home would like child to
board; girl preferred; object, company; not
under 4 years. Apply 459 Minna St.. nr. Sixth.
GOOD home for two children over two years;
furnished room for parent. 239 A Shipley st.
ROARD and rooms wanted.
WANTED— Good home for baby where mother
can room: gas. bath and washing must be
reasonable: north of Market. Address MRS.
E.. 615 Larkln st.
BOARD and room in nice private family by
gentleman: reference* exchanged. Address
box 1381. Call offlce.
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
CALL and see my lists of flne business propo-
sitions; line paying restaurants, coffee houses,
saloons, groceries, hotels, city, country mer-
chandise stores for sale and exchanged;
money '. *,■■■'■ on furniture at 1--4 i"': cent.
EITI IOOSUj Market st. .
A FINE chance to purchase a store, business
agency for sewing machines. 3 living rooms,
clearing $75 mo. HEALY & CO.. 917 Market.
$20ft— RESTAURANT: bargain; departure cause
of sale. McLAUGHLIN &. CO.. ~Vy Market.
J'<"- SPLENDID bargain: candy and ice cream
parlor. COAST EXCHANGE CO.. 719 Market.
IF you desire a ranch home where there Is
pure air, water and refined Influences, where
your wife and children will be happy, do nol
delay, but secure the 160 acres for sale at a
much reduced price near Lower Lake. Lake
County, the garden of the Union. For par-
ticulars Inquire In person of M. A. BROOKS,
12 Golden Gate aye.
$.-00— PARTNERSHIP in an old-established
saloon; good business: large stock; one of the
owners is offering hi** interest because he Is
engaged ln other business; the remaining
party is a reliable man; not absolutely neces-
sary to bave experience, but must be a trust-
worthy man. 632 Market Jt . room 6. -
1700 MILK route; €-6 gallons per day; 3 horses.
1 wagon and buggy and cans. Address 313
Langton st.
WANTED— Lodging house; 30 to 45 rooms: cen-
tral; cash buyer; no agents. Box 1343. Call.
BOARDING house and saloon for sale; cheap.
135 Folsom st.
SMALL grocery for sale, and rooms. 330 Mm
na st.
$3500; WORLTH $7000.
Lot 100x200, corner San Leandro road and
Rose St., In Fitchburg; new building, contain-
ing store, saloon, 7 rooms, all Improvements;
In perfect order; fine garden; stable and ware-
house; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant roadside re-
sort; must be sold; account sickness of owner.
Apply on premises to C. CLUNDT; San Lean-
dro electric car passes door. J
FOR sale A good paying business; a black-
smith shop, tools, etc., everything complete;
a comfortable dwelling, orchard, barn, chick-
en-house; a water capacity, paying $15 per
month; object retiring; business well estab-
lished. Address R. N. CLARK, Gonzales,
Monterey County, Cal.
BARBER shop, country, connected with bath,
and all household furniture; in one of the
healthiest little towns on the coast: rent $1(
for the whole house. Call on STOLTZ, C3C
Market st.
WANTED— MiIIer or engineer, to take half In-
terest in small flour and feed mill; $600 cash
required. Address "DUSTY," lock box 412,
Ukiah. Cal.
WANTED — ln quartz mine; have a
new. latest improved 2-stamp mill; will put
up mill on good developed prospect: state full
narticulars. Address box 2000. Call office.
BUTCHER shop; go.id location; cash business;
refrigerator and smokehouse: sickness cause
for selling; a bargain. Pox 3235, Call office.
PRIVATE boarding house; IS rooms; all full;
north of Market. Box 1341. Call offl.-e.
TO let— ln large market with a good transient
trade: splendid location; a stand for oyster,
poultry or butter and eggs; rent $15. Apply
SONOMA MARKET, 1307 Polk st.
SALOON— S3SO; fixtures alone worth price. 12
Seventh St.. I. O. O. F. building, opp. new
postoffiee building.
RESTAURANT; good location: low rent; suit-
able for man and wife. 1941 Market st.
CORNER store. Twenty-second and Castro sts..
new fixtures, for groceries and bar; good
stand. BURNHAM _ MARSH CO., 20 Mont-
gomery st.
ACROPOLIS chophouse, on Sutro Heights:
cheap: going to Europe. No. 5. half a block
from baths.
ADVANCES at lowest Interest; private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call offlce.
1500— PORK and delicacy store: well stocked;
receipts $600 month. Box 32.",?. Call offlce.
WOOD and coal yard for sale. Apply 1106
Larkln St., bet. 8 and 10 a. m.
BRANCH bakery, candy. notions; 2 living
rooms; want an offer. 805% Filbert st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & C0.'5.\412 Sacramento st.
BARGAIN— Meat market; $200; splendid local-
ity; cash business. Apply owner, 506 Castro.
FOR sale — paying Inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office.
FOR sale — A good home bakery; particular*, at
25-5 Market St., near Sixteenth. J. McElllgott.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for V. per year.
CARRIAGES AND "WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys ond horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'B. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 Hth
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126. ■_
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Offlce and factory 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND Sl IHITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unites the sep-
arated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
1023% Market St., near Sixth. Always consult
the best.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; cures diseases by sympathy; nev-
er falls; has the seven seals, the greatest
Egyptian secret of the world; shows picture
of future husband or wife; gives lucky num-
bers; advice In all speculation, love and legal
affairs; any one consulting the madame will
be convinced that she is no sham; tips on
races; prices 25c and up; come and you will
be surprised; gives satisfaction to every one.
1167 Market st., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight: diagnoses disease; full life readings;
ladles. 50c: gents. 11; sittings. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist
past, present, future; 26c. 14K Sixth st., r. 12.'
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
A— PSYCHIC, heals by electro-magnetic power;
sitting and treatment dally. 510 Valencia st.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth et.. rooms 2-3.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 27, 1899.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power in spiritualist reading. 25c up. 5 7th.
YOl'R fortune told by cards. 25c; dally, 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m. ; Sun., 7tolo p. m. 619% Larkn.
THE magnetic healer. MRS. H. EVANS, Mon-
day from 9 to 5. 255 O'Farreil ft.
MRSC. J MEYER. 335 McAllister, tests dally ex-
cept Wed. Sat.; 2 & 8 p.m. ,loc&2sc;sit tings dally.
A— sloo,ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jew-
elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS, IB Grant.
MME. RAVENA reads life flbently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBJLLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farreil st.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
"Collection OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR T S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe /.inkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that flt
from $4 50 up- flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW ANAESTHETIC FOR PAINLESS
DENTISTRY. SYNOL
Removes the pain; an application to the
gums and the nerves sleep, you remain wide
awake; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted, for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate: fillings. 50c: crowns, *3 50: plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $1 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 2-1 O'Farreil St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
DR. Id. IM HILL, 1443 Market st., ' near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
MEYER, 6 Turk; Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, 50c up: crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. 850 Market st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. DRESSMAKING School; practical meth-
ods; terms reasonable. 104 Kearny st.
LATEST patterns just arrived from New York
at McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Post.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San
HEALD' S Business College, 24 Post St., San
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy.
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc. ; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing: 25 teachers: Individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses; references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
DANCING- adult and children's classes
at Hinman's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk st.
and corner of Howard and Twenty-first sts.,
are now open for the season.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
LADY teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly: 50c
an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia.
A. L. MINER gives lessons, private or class,
in Latin, mathematics, physics, etc.; 20 years'
experience. 1312 Green St.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm
ing, mech. survey. assay, ; day and eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Mcrket.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and ->_eral
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
in shorthand: pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
SINGING piano; Pari.-) grnd.: French, Spanish,
$2 mo. 530 G. G. aye., r. 6-7: hours 2 to 8.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent: translations. 1512 Cal. St.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
mess College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
ENGLISH literature, classes or private; special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Lelpslc; lessons, 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEI'M Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant 66.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —
A FIRST-CLASS German second girl desires
situation; best reference; city or country.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St., phone
Main 651.
A COMPETENT woman with a child deslree
situation In the country; good cook and
houseworker. Apply to MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter st.
A COMPETENT Swedish cook desires situa-
tion; American family; city or Menlo Park;
good* refer-, MISS H. CULLINAN. 323
Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; under-
stands all branches of cooking; city or coun-
try. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
A NORWEGIAN woman wants to do washing
and Ironing or sewing on Monday and Tues-
day of every week. Call at 405 Turk st.
AN American lady would like a position as
housekeeper; widower preferred; city or
country. Address 1007 Church St.
COMPETENT person wants a place as cook,
willing to assist; wages $20 to 130. Apply 103
Van Ness aye.
REFINED, accomplished young lady, teacher
and kindergartener, wishes a position as gov-
erness or companion, or would instruct one
or two children In exchange for room and
board; music, French, drawing, etc. Teacher,
box 3215. Call. ■
EASTERN woman of SO wishes position as
managing housekeeper; good home more of an
object than wages; city or country. 310 Ma-
son st., room 1.
PROTESTANT woman wishes position aa man-
aging housekeeper; city or country; wages
125; best of references. 1024 Noe St.. near
Twenty-fourth.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day:
first-class laundress; makes herself useful;
best references given. 120 Wlldey St., near
Btelner, bet. Busn and Pine.
NEAT American woman wishes to assist In
general housework in small family: city or
country; small compensation. Box 3212. Call.
GERMAN woman wants washing. Ironing and
cleaning by the day. 1651 Howard st.
POOR woman with large family of children,
being without friends, wishes to get an op-
portunity to earn sufficient to get to her own
country, Mexico. Address 775 Washington St.,
Oakland.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do at
home. 821 Mission st., room 1.
IF you're short, borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to 16
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and haggle to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farreil st.; tel. East 428.
A GERMAN, 34. wants work as choreman on
ranch or private place taking care of live-
stock; good driver and milker; references
given; wages 125. W. GRAUDENZER, 636
Commercial st.
WANTED— Position in small place as night
clerk; have had experience; can give refer-
ence. Box 3220, Call office.
STEADY young man wishes to learn to tend
bar ln a flrst-claes place; can give references.
Box 3221. Call office. .
YOUNG man wants place In saloon as porter
;to learn to tend bar. Address box 2205, Call.
PAINTER, paperhanger and timer, first -class,
Sulck workman, with outfit, will work cheap;
ay or job, city or county. Box 2209, Call.
GARDENER wants situation; understands
horses and cows; reference. Address room 62,
214 Third street.
STEADY, sober, young man, not afraid of
work, would like a position; can give refer-
ence. Box 3213. Call office.
■■■ -■(••: :- •■ ■:;.-■■----. :;;., '-. ;• ', ■■■•-*..-'_
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MaI*--
ALL-ROUND mechanic wants position; en-
gineering, setting up, running and Including
repairs; also accustomed to handling men;
reference. Address box 1338. Call.
JAPANESE couple want menial work at same
place in this city; board and room without.
Address TAML'R*A. 521 Jessie St.
BY an experienced man, thoroughly under-
stands gardening, care horses, handy with
tools, etc.; exceptional references; wages rea-
sonable. Address M. C. 141 Second st.
ENGINEER and machinist, young and active;
used to any kind of stationary or traction en-
gines, dynamos or motors; Al references.
Box 3240, Call offlce. ■•-.-•?■. .-■'--• -■-:---
INDUSTRIOUS. . sober and honest gentleman.
understands the care of flne horses, cows,
garden work, is handy with tools and has
porter's experience, desires position. Box
3245, Call.
YOUNG man of 12 years' experience In com-
mission business, with $1000, desires a re-
sponsible position; Al references. J- A. R..
box 811. Oakland office Call. ' ' ■ " ■
PHOTOGRAPHIC work by a man with some
experience in most branches; climate, not
wages, chief object. Address box 3277, Call.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant.
EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE.
$3500— New 6-room, high basement cottage;
lot 50x150; 2 blocks to car; 10 minutes' walk to
local; fine place; want small ranch in Sonoma.
Panta Clara or Alameda County. WILLIAM
P. TODD, 1070 Broadway, Oakland.
FINELY located city house, exchange for Ala-
meda. Berkeley property; « lots Joining Stan-
ford University, exchange for Alameda house.
EITEL. 100SM. Market st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLIS, German expert optician.
10711._ Market st., San Francisco.
FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
HOUSES. FLATS.
1010 Leavenworth, 9 $40 2727 Jackson. 7 r.....53a
811 Mission. 9 r.537 50 665 McAllister, 7 r..530
534 Haight, 7 r..527 50 1349 Howard. 6 r $21
756 Folsom. 7 r.s2l 00 1990 Ellis. 6 r $18
1134 Howard. 6 r. s2o 00 132 Scott. 6 r ..;$lB
121 Cedar ay.. 6 r. 515:1609 Turk. 6 r $17 oO
AN elegant sunny middle corner flat: modern
Improvements; 1000 Webster St., cor. Golden
Gate aye. ■
A— slB; NEW flat: 6 rooms, bath. yard. 2215
Pine st., near Fillmore.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms.
bath. yard. 714 Franklin St.. nr. Golden Gate.
CLAY, 1443, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde— One
of the best built flats in the city; strictly
flrst-class; 8 rooms and bath, with extra
room In basement; rent reasonable. Box
3243. Call office. -
EDDY, 629---A strictly flrst-class upper 8-room
flat: very sunny; rent reasonable. Box 3244,
Call office.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELW,
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of three rooms and bath. 3313 Twenty-
first st., near Valencia.
FOURTEENTH. 134. bet. Howard and Folsom
—Sunny live rooms, bath, yard.
FRANKLIN, -Nice clean sunny tenement;
6 rooms; modern Improvements: upper flat.
GEARY, 2226— flats, five good rooms and
bath each; Sunnyslde.
ISIS, 8, near Twelfth and Folsom— Flat; 4 sun-
ny rooms; rent $13.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Flat of 5 rooms; mod-
crn Improvements; rent $15.
MIDDLE flat: 526 Hayes St.. near Octavia; 6
rooms and bath; sunny side; rent low; car->
pass; good condition. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. X
MIDDLE flat of _ rooms. 1310 Larkln st. Apply
131S Larkln st.
MODERN bay-window flat of 4 rooms and
bath: rent $15. 245 Ninth st.
NOE, 597-599. cor. Nineteenth— rooms, 13 50;
6 rooms, $17: sunny corner; water free.
SEVENTH, 454, corner Bryant— s sunny rooms;
cheap. Apply between 1 and 3.
SINGLE lady wishes small family to take part
of flat. 4059 Nineteenth St., near Castro.
SUNNY upoer flat: 7 rooms; good condition;
$16. 1150 Mission st.
THIRD. 417%— Latest improved flats; Ist. Brms.,
2 kitchens; 2d, 7 rms., one kitchen; new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near Castro— s sunny
rooms; bath; large lot; $15; water free.
2 CHOICE sunny flats; 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing. 1336-1340 Fell, nr. Baker.
2 FLATS, 3 rooms each; or as a whole; rea-
sonable. 26 Derby place, off Taylor st.
3 ROOMS and bath for housekeeping. 923
Shotwell "st. '
$10, $11— SUNNY flats; range; hot and cold
water. 101 and 103 Prospect place, cor. Sacto.
GOOD S-room house; large yard; good
view. 1021 Lombard st.
FLAT; 119 William st.. near Post and Tay-
lor: 6 rooms and bath. Apply 112 William st.
$22— MODERN, sunny, seven-room flat. 3348
Twenty-second st., near Valencia.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Rrussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined. 60c, 25c, 30c. 35c and 40c; linen warp
matting, 15c per yard for this week only.
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.. 1310-1312
Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
2ND Highest cash price paid. 859 Mission.
HELP — Agent*.
MEN and women, good address, to travel and
appoint agents; salary $75 month, expenses;
rapid advancement; unusually brilliant oppro-
tunity. Address, with reference. BUTLER
& ALGER, New Haven, Conn.
WANTED— Agents and house-to-house canvass-
ers in every town: new on coast; sells at
sight; used by every man, woman and child;
steady work. ; good pay. Address 955 Jeffer-
son st., Oakland.
AGENTS are coining money on our Improved
gasoline lamp, with Wellsbach trimmnlngs.
Brilliant Gas Lamp Co.. 48 Clark St.. Chicago.
AGENTS for a neat fast-selling little device
in cities; no canvassing. Address DR. SWAN.
Beaver Dam. Wis.
MEN and women, good address, to travel and
J appoint agents; salary $75 month, expenses;
rapid advancement; unusually brilliant oppor-
tunity. Address, with reference, BUTLER &
ALGER. New Haven. Conn.
HELP WANTED FemaIe.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO.. PHONE GRANT 185"
Waitress for Fresno, Hanford, Williams, San
Mateo. Salinas. Healdsburg. Camp Taylor,
Benicia, Madera, many of them free fare;
for the city, head waitress, $25. and 10 wait-
resses, different city hotels, $20; 5 chamber-
maids to wait, $20; 2 chambermaids, $20,
country, see party here.
FAMILY ORDERS
Nursery governess for country. $-*5, see parties
here Monday; cook and second girl, same
place, $25 and $20; working housekeeper with
a child for country*. $12. fare paid; and a
great many cooks and house girls, city and
country. $15 to $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
2 COOKS, $35- each: housework, Oakdale, $30;
Palo Alto. $25; Oakland. $20; Modesto, $20;
Newman, $20; Belvedere, $20, and several
other towns; 10 waitresses and chambermaids.
city and country. $20 and $23; a number of
housework girls, city, $25. $20 and $15: 8 young
girls to assist. $10 to $15. MISS H. CUL-
LINAN. 323 Sutter at.; phone Main 651.
WANTED— More than 100 servant girls to fill all
kinds of situation, city and country, at going
wages. Call Monday morning J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st. :
PROTESTANT girl, general housework: small
family adults. MRS. NORTON'S. Monday,
10 a. m.
WAITRESSES registered free at HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery St., room 12.
A FEW machines are yet vacant in our over-
all department; bright young girls will be
taken for Instruction; steady work assured
and paid while learning. STANDARD SHIRT
FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove ats.
MAKER and apprentice wanted at SELMA.
Milliner, 687 Geary St.
WANTED— A refined German girl for sewing
and care of grown children. Hotel Granada,
room 64.
WANTED— GirI for general housework and
cooking; 4 ln family; wages $20. 1538 Post.
NEAT, reliable girl to. assist in very ' light
housework and care of baby; good home; $3
per month. 1646 Hyde St. ' ■ ■
WANTED— Ironers and machine hands for
ladles' and children's wear at UNITED
STATES LAUNDRY, Sixteenth St., near
Valencia. _ : -\ ■*-■ -..-
NEAT willing young girl for housework. Ap-
ply after 9. 720 Bay st., near Hyde.
OPERATORS on waists and gowns. NEW-
BAUER BROS.. 18 First St.
WANTED— on custom coats. 102-104-
- Battery st. '
AMERICAN man and wife, private family;
wife good- cook, man all-around workman;
references exchanged. Address CHARLES
AY MER, 116 Fulton st.
HELP WANTED —
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
cooking to go to Fresno." Apply Monday,
from 1 to 6, Baltimore Hotel. 1013 -.Van Ness.
GIRL for general housework: 3 adults in fam-
ily. 2711 Laguna St.; call Monday.
WANTED— Experienced hands in box factory.
WEMPE BROS.. 127 Mission st.
WOMAN cook wanted. 136 Second st. Call
Sunday and Monday.
WANTED— Assistants on skirts. FRANCES.
796 Sutter st. -
TEN bright energetic young salesladies', good-
selling article. Call at photo studio, entrance
j to Presidio, Monday morning.
WANTED— and laundress. Apply at 1114
O'Farreil St., Monday morning; references re-
quired.
MALE and female help wanted by Contra Costa
• Laundry, Fourteenth and Kirkham, Oakland.
GIRL to assist In housework; sleep home;
wages $10. 426 Post St.
FINISHER on coats; must be good operator.
956 Washington st- Oakland.
WANTED— finisher on custom-
made coats. 832% Folsom st.
W'ANTED-Help in kitchen. 113 Turk st.
MCDOWELL'S, the only reliable up-to-date
dressmaking school; learn to do first-class
. work and you will hold first-class position;
patterns cut 25c up. McDOWELL. 103 Post.
WANTED in Sacramento — one who
understands working on Jackets; good posi-
tion and home. Box 3231, Call offlce.
GIRL to wash dishes nights, Saturdays and
Sundays for board. 742 O'Farreil st.
FIRST-CLASS nurse wanted to care for 2 chil-
. dren; references required. Box 1380, Call.
GIRL to assist in private family. 375 Lexing-
ton aye., near Twenty-first and Valencia sts.
GOOD woman for oountry; plain cooking;
wages $20. 339 Twelfth St., near Harrison.
NEAT woman to do plain cooking. 427 Lar-
kln st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS'. GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. at 32% Fremont st-
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont
st. ; take elevator.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO., LTD., Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted: apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD.. Brannan st.. bet. Third and Fourth,
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady employment. CODE - PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant sts.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid; cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Call-
week. Particulars lor z-cent stamp. <_.aii-
fornla Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
HELP WANTED MaIe.
OPEN TO-DAY (SUNDAY) FROM 9 A. M.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 684S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
5 sandstone cutters and STONE MASONS....
$5 and $3 50 day
20 laborers, San Mateo Co., fare 50c $60
25 laborers, 2'» miles away, fare free $60,
6 diamond drillers $90
195 laborers for all parts of California, $3,
$2 SO, $2 and $1 75 a day; COME AND SEE....
GARDENERS .* COACHMEN
$3 day.. DRILLERS, HAMMERSMEN.. S3 day-
separator tenders, slate splitters, blockmakers
IN SAN FRANCISCO CALL SUNDAY
12 two-horse teamsters $2 day
3 four-horse teamsters $40 and found
28 laborers, shoveling $2 day
milk wagon driver, $25 and found; CABINET-
MAKERS
2 strong men for factory* tf*-
26 laborers for Manufacturing C 0. .536 and fd
9 STABLEMEN, $35, $40, $30, $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY', 634-636 Clay st.
BOILERMAKERS BLACKSMITHS
3 boilermakers, country Jobs $3 75 day
19 blacksmiths, $2 50, $2 day, $50. $40. $30 and
found
Carriage painters Wagonmakers
Machinists and engineers. $4 and $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
PUBLIC WORK
12 4-horse teamsters, fare $1 25 $60
FOR A STATE SENATOR
10 teamsters, fare $1 50, 4 horses. $34 and fd.
MURRAY & READY', 634 and 636 Clay St.
....ARE YOU MARRIED?. ...CALL SUNDAY
5 farmers and wives 2 cooks and wives
3 milkers and wives.. $50, $40, $35 $30 and found
2 gardeners and wives. MURRAY' & READY',
634 and 636 Clay st.
TO-DAY FOREMEN .....CALL SUNDAY
Foreman for a farm $50 and found
Foreman for crew of grape pickers. s3s and fd.
3 foremen for grading camps. sso to $60 and fd.
Foreman, mason, stone and concrete
$4 50 day and found
MURRAY* & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
$35 and $30 and FOUND FRUIT PICKERS
Men and boys (no experience required) 56
fruit pickers and tuie pickers, fare 60c, $35
and found: 82 fruit pickers, north, fare $150,
$30 and found: 54 fruit pickers, Solano Coun-
ty, fare $125, $30 and found; 83 grape pickers.
south, fare $3, $30 and found; IS fruit pick-
ers, fare $1, $30 and found; 24 fruit pickers,
Santa. Clara County, $23 and found; 126 fruit
pickers, north. $30 and found
OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
Many places to work in packing and drying
houses; ship fruits to California and Eastern
markets, also to Europe; 90 days' Jobs. CALL
TO-DAY. SUNDAY.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. ;
R. R R. R R. R R. R R. R.
WE SHIP YOU FREE FREE FARE
NEW S. P. R. R. work at Madera
10 laborers 10 teamsters
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FARE FREE TO. .LOS ANGELES. .DISTRICT
20 teamsters and laborers, $1 75, $1 90 day and
found. MURRAY' _ READY, 634 and 636
Clay st. -
FREE— FREE TO
GREAT R R'S. .ALL R R'S. .BUT ONE R R
(The one we don't ship to is COAST R. R.)
DRILLERS. LABORERS, TEAMSTERS,
MUCKERS, HAMMERSMEN, PLOWHOLD-
ERS. ETC
WAGES from $3 day
Located from peaks of Shasta Mountains to
Bay of Santa Barbara, from San Francisco
on the west to Nevada on the east. COME
AND SEE FREE— FREE
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
R. R SOMETHING NEW R. R.
6 stone or concrete masons, fare $1 25. 53 50 day
it laborers $125, $2 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
AMONG GOLD MINES 7
20 teamsters, part fare paid $2 day
15 laborers, part fare paid..... $2 day
MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BIG MONEY ON FARMS. ETC
83 farm and orchard hands, for all parts of
California, $45, $40. $35, $30, $26, $25 and found,
$3 60 day; strong men to bale hay
$3 50 day and found
MILKERS AND BUTTERMAKERS
22 milkers and buttermakers, $35, $30, $25 and
found
26 hay and harvest hands
— $2, $160. $1 25 day and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS
32 chore men. men and boys to work on
farms, orchards, vineyards, dairies, factories,
manufacturing companies, stores, cash boys,
offlce boys, learn trades, bell and elevators,
for Institutions., etc. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 63C Clay st. -
GOVERNMENT— WORK
15 carpenters, 8 hours, free fare $3 day
Upholsterers and sash and doormakers..s3 day
Wood turners, mill bench hand, $3 and $2 75
day. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
WE PAY YOUR FARES OPEN SUNDAY
TO 39 SAWMILLS, WOODS IN CALIFOR-
NIA
(No experience required.). ..YOU WILL SUIT
216 laborers, wheel sawdust, pile lumber, car-
ry off, learn to run machines and 50 other
jobs, $26 to $40 per month and found.."
ALSO crosscut sawyers, lumber pliers '.
......Tree fellers, setters for mills, section
hands, bark peelers, head donkey men
......and 55 other Jobs; from $90, $85, $80, $75
.$6O, $50, $10, $30 and found .'
Tallymen, tall edger hands......
WOODCHOPPERS, TIE MAKERS, SHIN-
GLE BOLT MAKERS by the hundreds, $2
$1 50, $1 per cord, 12c each. •
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
GOLD mines Sliver mines Other mines
39 laborers (no experience required), $60
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS ....DISHWASHERS
. 24 c00k5.... 560, $50, $45, $40. $30, $25 and found
23 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
Above places are for hotels, restaurants
coffeehouses, mines, ranches, camps, insti-
tutions, sporting resorts, saloons; shoemak-
ers, bedmakers. porters, bell and elevator
boys. Janitors. MURRAY & READY. 634 nnri
636 Clay st. -
LAUNDRYMEN BAKERS
Laundrymen, Institution.. ......$3O and found
Polisher, Ironer, starcher, etc.. $30 and fd
1 first. 4 second, 6 third bakers, also bov<_
to learn, $40, $35, $30, $25. $20. . $15, $10 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st
; CALL TO-DAY SUNDAY. M."& li."
" xx:ixi * • . ■ ;■
HELP "WANTED — __w-,_^_
FOR MONDAY ..;
FOR MONDAY y.""V''_;
Offlce open 7 a. m ';™one Grant IS_
C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st- Em-
ployment agents ■ ■ - * • • • *,'"'
office fee and railroad fare, both free .... ....
6 stonemasons g »0 J aay
15 stonemasons' helpers .. $2 __* a aay
25 tunnelmen, drillers, etc.. s2 to $2 ta a da>
... four-horse teamsters ••■»•« «■ °*>
60 two-horse teamsters ■■■■.:***■ '•> * "**
100 laborers, shovelers, etc..sl 75 to _!*. a day
FOR THE 'OAST RAILROAD.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
~ FREE FARE. _
25 2 and 4 horse teamsters.. s2 day, board $4 50
16 plow holders and dumpers *S- 16 a oas-
is laborers •••*- '•' *l 2f-J
6 men to help timber a tunnel.... . .$2 a day
FOR THE VALLEY RAILROAD.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
~~ ~ ' FREE FARE. . , .._.
Scraper gang foreman $50 and found
12 teamsters. $1 90 a day; board $4 aD.
For new work ln the Interior.
C. R. HANSEN & CO- 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE.
2 camp waiters, $25 each, coast road; dish-
washer.cValleyAroad.Ns2s.co> g g±
"""""fa 7£%SS&J* CO., It Geary *.
ORCHA R OS, V I N EYARDS^ANa. . ........
ORCHARDS. VINEYARDS-AND....^.
"(."prune" pickers. Santa Clara Co. 38 peach
pickers, Yolo and Butte Co's- a-1-1';11''
pickers. Contra Costa and Yolo Co s., all $1 a
day and found; about 2 months work, ex-
perienced apple packer. $28 and found.
75 grape pickers about September 1. »1 ana
found; threshing boss. $4; teamster, $2-. and
found; choreman. $15; hostler. $-0; hostler.
$30 and found: stablehand. $25 and found ex-
tra harness cleaner. $1 50 and found; man to
whitewash. $20 and found; laborers for a
brickyard, $1 and found. .
2 carpenters, city, $2 50; 2 helpers, $2, long
job; blacksmith. $40 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO- 104 Geary st.
HOTELS, restaurants, bakeries, laundries
Meat cook, railroad eating house. $50, sec-
ond cook, country hotel. $50: cook, chophouse,
$12 a week: second cook, $10 a week: second
cook, chophouse, $8 a week; night cook, $8 a
week; cook, small hotel, city, $30; cook, small
country hotel, $30; pastry baker, $40; second
baker, no Sunday, country' shop, $3a; butcher.
city. $30; country, $30
Waiters, $9 a week, $8 a week; dumb-
waiter tender. $25; nurses' hall waiter, hotel.
$25; waiter, country hotel, $25; porter, res-
taurant, $25. , ,
Laundrvman and wife, country hotel; mark-
er and distributor, hotel, $40 and found; plain
ironer and mangier, Institution, $2o and
found; washer, $30.
Potwashers. dishwashers, vegetablemen
and kitchen hands, $30 to $15 and found, city
and country.
Colored cook, $40; colored waiter, country
cl_,\ $30.
Bellboy country club. $15; bellboys, city.
$25. $16, $15. $13 and $10.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE
GRAPE PICKERS GRAPE PICKERS
50 men and strong boys to pick grapes for
largest vineyard in California, wages $1 per
day and board for working days, remember
this is free fare and not deducted from wages,
call early and get your tickets, office fees re-
duced to $1; 5 young farm hands for orchard
in Santa Clara County, $26 and board; 25
farm hands for good steady Jobs in different
counties near San Francisco, $25 and $26;
man about private place, near city, horse,
cow, garden, $25 to $30 and found: 5 milkers,
different places, $25 and $30; 2 men handle
freight on bay steamers, no experience re-
quired, $45 and board; 4-horse teamsters, near
city, general hauling on road and free fare,
$30 end found; cooks, waiters and others.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED, for milk and butter depot In city,
middle-aged man as salesman, etc.; $20 per
month and board and lodging. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clay st.
A BELLBOY': $12; sleep home. MISS H. CUL-
LINAN. 323 Sutter St.
A BUTLER; $30 per month. MISS H. CUL-
LINAN, 323 Sutter St.
COOK for 14 days: $2 25 and free fare. HOTEL
GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery st. ; call between
9 and 11 a. m. Sunday.
WANTED — Jeweler and diamond setter; steady
position to flrst-class man; must have good
references. Baldwin Jewelry Co., 844-846
Market st.
500 MEN— to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new, from 60c to $1 50: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— Faithful persons to travel; salary
$7SO and expenses: permanent positions: In-
close self-addressed stamped envelope. Man-
ager, third floor, Caxton building, Chicago.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service or census examination with-
out our catalogue of information; sent free.
Columbian Correspondence College, Washlng-
ton. P. C. "
WANTED— 2O laborers for Point Richmond:
wages $2; also 10 hammer and drill men.
wages $2 25. Apply JAMES A. McMAHON.
210 Spear st. . t. '
WANTED — 4 men to carry advertising banners;
good pay. Apply early Monday morning to
E. R MOSS, 11 Stockton st.; top floor.
50 FIRST-CLASS carpenters at Goat Island.
CAMPBELL & PETTUS.
WANTED— A neat appearing boy for cloak and
suit house. 1306 Stockton st.
WANTED— boy In architect's offlce. Box
3222, Call.
WANTED A party to manage a newspaper;
ex-soldier preferred. Address box 3217. Call.
WANTED— good men. Apply at 22 Post St.,
from 7:30 p. m. to 8:30 p. m., 2Sth Inst.
WANTED — cook. German preferred, for
country; will pay $30. Address box 3256, Call.
INTELLIGENT steady boy who wants to
learn printing trade: none other need apply.
819 Market St., room 47. ■*•
WANTED— Coatmaker and experienced press-
ers on custom coats. 102-104-106 Battery st.
A FIRST-CLASS tinsmith wanted. Apply 655
Mission st.
A STEADY' man wanted to milk 15 cows. Ap-
ply 3331,4 Fourth st.
GOOD home for elderly man to care horses and
work around place; small wages. 333Va 4th st.
WANTED— Cook and two lunch waiters. 210
Townsend st.
WANTED— to help in kitchen. 1416 How-
ard st.
WANTED — A first-class ladies' tailor.
FRANCES. 796 Sutter st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted; call early. 1630
Kentucky st.
WANTED— for nursery work and florist
business. 500 Haight st.
WANTED— An apprentice to learn Jewelry
trade. Apply JUL MILLER. 13 Trinity st.
WANTED— Office boy; apply by letter; give
age. Address box 3242, Call.
WANTED— Shoemaker. Apply 4102 Nine-
teenth St., near Castro.
WANTED— A dishwasher ln restaurant. 113
Turk st
MALE and female help wanted at Contra Costa
Laundry, Fourteenth and Kirkham. Oakland.
BUTCHER wanted who understands meat cut-
ting. 1655 Mission st. :
WANTED Good wagonmaker on new work; $3
. a day. 828 Harrison st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.'
WANTED— Shirt polishers at Contra Costa
Laundry, Fourteenth and Kirkham sts., Oak-
land.
TAILOR, cleaner and pressers wanted. 2819
Greenwich St.. near Presidio.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup- $2
per day and expenses paid: cash every week-
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup m . San Francisco. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In eight
weeks; only Institution teaching the tonso-
rial art; constant practice; expert Instruction-
lectures on dermatology; Bat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for Illustrated eat*.
logue. Mohler's Barber College. 635 Clay st.
W.A!i'_rEE_rT^amsters t0 drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board, $4 50 per week. Anniv
S B<r RONE'S camp, near San Pablo statioj
E. B -""TONE S camp, near San Pablo station
on Valley Road. '
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe
Hainan Islands Manila. Alaska. New _«£
waYANFfatt. „Ma _"a' Alaska' New Y°^:
W. LANE. Shipping Agent, 504-506 Davis st!
MEN and women to learn barber trade At a ir
BARBER COLLEGE. 138 -| Eighth st '
PENSIONS-J H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
Bays, Hearst VUg.. Third and Market.
LOANS on valuables made through Wells-Far-
go Express. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye*
G_i;^T'-S fine c_ f ,*2hoeB t0 order. « 50 up; sole-
Ing. 30c up; heeling. 16c up. 923 Howard st.
Bm^Bwß^ _***2r*_*rtv*>. ■ Union; free employ-
m t. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
"ter s" 13° mealS: beSt ln city. 406 McAlllT*
M,?N '•an learn barber trado 'or « at 1542 Mar-
■"_£? can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st. . free shaving ln students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary -""amen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Bteuart st.
2t^«!.l_?;S?iET^u'_n!?h!d rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
SINGLE rooms, 15e. 20c- 25c per night: 75c. $1
to. $2 50 week. House. 863H Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st. below Sixth.
__££ £ Cmc Ho£Be' 957 Market st.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
HELP WANTED—
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st- near Mar-
kit 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'hu; and baggage to and from the ferry. <
HORSES, LIVEJTJOCK. Etc-— For Sale
-_.t-t -cc nni> car large and one car small
MljL,,«S7?r safe" also Pasturage for 1000 head
Tstlck the year round; a special field of
if un Egyptian corn and other kinds of
fied £ fSSra head of cattle by Jan. 1.
1900. J. M. CANTY. Grayson. Cal.
___ vr*.T-'^v^ for sale; also wagons, buggies,
4 carts R harness! Grand Arcade Horse Market.
«7 sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
j.«rT carriage saddle and road horses. DAL-
F»_EU Veterinary Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ay.
UOI'SE--LODGIJ'G — Vor S-*---*'"-*
$125-THREE rooms, handsomely furnished.
COAST EXCHANGE CO- «19 Market st.
COAST EXCHANGE ' " •_• ! ' Marnet st.
$500-LODG ING-HOUSE for sale; 13 rooms.
Inquire 87 Third st. *
HOWARD, 71&-Elegant lodging-house; 200 sun-
ny rooms; Investigate immediately.
~~~~ ~~ HOUSES TO LET.
FINE house, 6 rooms, bath, basement and
good stable. 1109 ShotweU st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printer
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
MINNA. (tt— House. 9 rooms, sunny side; rent
cheap; key at 585 Mission st. c
TWO flne houses in splendid condition; 3386 and
8392 Twenty-first St., cor. Guerrero; 7 and 12
rooms.
$11— HOUSE of six rooms and bath. 735 Laurel
aye- near Turk and Buchanan sts.
$35— THREE-STORY bay-window house In good
order, with large yard and stable; 1829 How-
ard st. Apply to the owner. E. ROBIN ET.
411% California st. _
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, sliver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. HARRIS. 15 Grant.
_____ HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital. 325
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital, 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment, $15 a week.
♦. LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Cocker spaniel dog from corner Market
and Kearny sts. at noon Saturday; large-
sized cocker; has on new. heavy leather col-
lar; large-headed nails In. Reward Chron-
icle office.
LOST— Between Harrison st. wharf and ferry
building a purse containing 6 tickets to St.
Francis' de Sales' parish picnic; reward.
MISS J. HOLLIDAY, 1405 Brush St.. Oakland.
LOST— August 24 or 25, locket with son's pic-
ture. Return to 115 Ninth St.; liberal re-
ward.
LOST— On the 7 a. m. narrow-gauge train
LOST— On the 7 a, m. narrow-gauge train
from Park street, Alameda, Friday. August
25, a camera, case, etc. Reward for return
to' 2855 Jackson st- Alameda. Cal.
LOST— Between Berkeley and San Francisco,
6:30 trip Tuesday, ladies' cape. Return to
2706 Laguna st. Reward.
LOST— Maltese cat; name "Boss." Liberal re-
ward at 3656 Twentieth^
LOST— On Meiggs wharf, pocket book. Fir' •
may keep money; return papers and keys to
room 6, Winchester Hotel, 5S Third st.
LOST— On Halght-st. car, at Powell St.. lady's
cape. Return to 84 Webster st.; reward.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state
their cass before going elsewhere; they will
find in her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment. $5; no In-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR GWYER, 510
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkln; offlce hours,
10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. . Sundays by ap-
pointment only. X
A TREATMENT that never fails to restore
instantly all cases of monthly irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice; $5 positively; no instruments used; eaf«
and sure; cure at any time-when others fall;
absolute success and safety guaranteed; tray-
elers helped at once; can return home same
day; save time and expense by consulting
first the only reliable ladies' physician of
long and successful practice; confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St..
bet. Mason and Taylor. Offlce hours, 9 a. m.
to 6p. m., 7 to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 4.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day: no Instruments used; cure at of-
fice, $5; home in confinement; skillful medical
attention: all can save time and expense by-
consulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkln; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to J
p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate aye.—
Expert In diseases of women; safe, quick
cure for all female complaints; private homo
ln confinement: every comfort; infants adopt-
ed: best of care and medical attention: in-
stant relief for travelers; all those who are
sick or discouraged should call; they will find
a true friend and adviser; consult free; self-
cure, $5; can be used at home.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
*60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fa'l- delicacy privacy, home.
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay: self-cure sent, call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market St.,
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
IMPORTANT A great progress in medical sci-
ence, for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $5: restores ln one day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of Irreg-
ularities than any other physician: never
. fails to cure; consult him first, save time and
money; treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free: call or write. _B_ Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San
Francisco: all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free;' hours, 930 to 11 a, m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 d. m.
LADIES! — Chichester's English Pennyroyal
Pills are the best: safe, reliable: take no
other; send 4c stamps for partlc lars. "Relief
for Ladies." ln letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philada., Pa.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home:
no Instruments; consultation free, confidential;
home treatments. MRS. ALLEN,
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA. 215--. Mason St.—
Private home In confinement; ladles friend
in trouble; terms reas.; call and be convinced.
NICE private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price In the city; Infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife, 2012 Folsom.
PRIVATE home in confinement, by German
midwife: Infants adopted into good homes.
rm. for Invalid. 521 Eddy: phone Hyde -l-^.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue: $1 per box -«"-«-
ARDS & CO,, drueglsts. 406 Clay, sole agents.
DR. ami Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market-Instant relief
for monthly troubles or money back; $0 up.
MRS. ACHAR D. i pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second st.; tel. Green ■_■
DR WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
$100 000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $L
postage paid. _________________________________________________
MIXING AXD ASSAYING.
~ MINING ANJ^?_^H^
GOLD discovered: rich placer claims in Placer
Co ' open for location. Call for particulars
A 'BLAND. 804 V. Franklin st . Oakland.
J MISCELLANEOUS — For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR SALE—One second-hand 40 horsepower
boiler, with fittings. ST. NICHOLAS LAUN-
DRY, Seventeenth and Folsom.
ASK for that $10 Smith & Wesson pistol; price
$4. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
DO you know of any tools or machinery' for
sale? EPSTEIN, 648 Mission, pays comm.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
flee 'furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1013-1021-1.23 Mis- "
sion st., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FOR SALE— Thoroughbred Holstein cow and
calf. Apply cor Fourteenth aye. and R. St.,
South San Francisco .
..'-:', - * ■MISCELLANEOUS — For Sale.
MILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good as
new; cheap for cash or Installments. THE
URCNSWICK-BALKE CO.. 655 Market st.
PCRE distilled water ice. $3 50 per ton car-
loads, f. ... b. ; $4 for less; sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 463. Consumers' I
Ice Co.. 420 Eighth st.. S. F.
GOOD square piano. }35: good upright, $115; .
Weber, splendid tone, $125; $10 down. $5 per
month. 230 Post st.
A— s2o SUIT for $10. ORIGINAL MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOR, MS Montgomery st.
V-S3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu- j
lar Price Hatters. 130 Kearny St.. near Pine.
DESKS. office and card tables; desks exchanged,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton st. | .
ENGINES for automobiles; carriages, separate •
rarls furn: Dynamic Erg. Co., 1309 Mission. '
BOILERS, engines, iath<-s, wood planers. 12-14
In. gas engine; 2d hnnd. .1. Burke. 139 Beale.
&AFES-Ncw an.', second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS and engine*;-, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st.
ID-HAND engines, boilers, machinery', dyna i
mos, bought, sold. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission. \
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all I
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F. ;
MISCELLA>EOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Second-hand upright engine. 10 to !
16 H. P., without boiler. Address Engineer. |
Lock Box m, Ukiah, Cal ■_ . - *-. ;
DO you know any tool machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN, 64S Mission, pays commission.
"WANTED — To hire. 100 flrst-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars: long Job. E. B.
.-TONE. Fimhurs:.
MONEY TO LO.W.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
ANT amount on f-jrn:t:*.re, plai - without re- ;
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; lf you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as I ing as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us fln-t:
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st. ;
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
\'AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6-*4 per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate ln pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no do-
lay. R. McCOLQAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 5.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rate?. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL, 6.9 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BuN E1. 1. 1. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and Id mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. -413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister et.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOPS— I SY; ' ■: Parrott bldg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 6.V Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
I cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as lf purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and .... good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 'per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
BSOLUTELY' the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER _ CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farreil st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
GOOD square piano. $35: good upright $115:
• Weber, splendid tone, 1125; $10 down. $5 per
month. 230 Pool st.
HANDSOME, most new, Btelnway upright
sacrificed. Rm. 12, Flood bldg., 4th and Mkt.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st., a*- for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis ; anos.
: EINWAY square piano: In flrst-class
condition. Cal. Loan Office. 32 Stockton st.
GOOD piano in rage on sale cheap Tor cash.
WILSON.S STORAGE. 1710 Market St.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
saie cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
A DECKER & SON, the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market.
A BARGAIN — Stelnway upright cheap.
BCHMITZ 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A — $R5 UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Stelnway upright; also the famous I
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st. I
A— UPRIGHTS, $89 up; installments. $5 75 up; '
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Kills. I
SOHMI Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303 '
POSt Et. " :
WANTED 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. SOS Post st. I
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH- i
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farreil st. _
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. :
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place. .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. ______________________________________
OFFICES A.YD STORES — Let.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
$20—473 Valencia st., comer Sixteenth.
$20—354 Fourth St., near Harrison.
$1G_414 Turk St.. near Larkin.
j4o— 17 City Hall aye.
$10—320 Montgomery aye.
$50—512 Montgomery st.
$20— 848 Howard St., near Fifth.
$3—1156 Valencia St.. near Twenty-second.
$10— STORE fixtures. 3 nice living-rooms and
cellar. 1008 Natoma St.. near Eleventh.
STORE, Twenty-third and Guerrero sts.; three
rooms; cement cellar.
THIRD, 509, corner Park lane— Store, threee ;
rooms'; water feee; rent $16.
LARGE store and basement; 71S Harrison
St.: $8. - '
ICMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.— \
Desirable offices, $12 50 to $20. ;
FTORE to let suitable for barber shop. etc. \
Inquire 621 California st.
t- . —^^
PALMISTRY.
MM_~NEERGAARL>, pupil of Count St. Ger- i
MME NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main «16 Geary st., above Jones; classes;
office hours 1 to 8 p. m. : rending by mall. H.
PERSONALS.
.-: Bus— teas person going East on the
3"th Inst, will attend to any commissions ln
the BlUes of New York. Philadelphia, Boston.
Address box 3234, Call office.
WOULD adopt'nlce. well-bred little girl, aged
7 to 10; references exchanged; state full par-
ticulars. Address lock box 1073. Los Angeles.
"BLUE-EYED girl baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
MRS DR. M. H. FLAGG. 601 Taylor St., comer ,
Post, heals all curable diseases by the won-
der Weltmer method of magnetic heailng. {
also jives absent treatments for health and \
success; try it and be convinced. j
A— C. C. VAN EMAN, proprietor Fashion Hair ,
Store, Oakland, says the Star Hair Remedy
Is all and more 'ban Its manufacturers claim
for it. We claim it restores gray hair to na-
tural color, stops falling, cures dandruff. Itch-
ing scalp and grows new hair. Our claims |
proved is proof that you should use The Star
Hair Remedy In preference to other so-called
restorers. Druggists and hairdressers sell it.
Take no other. ■*. ..
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA makes the hair
soft, glossy and beautiful. Is what It claims
to be, a Hair nic; 35c a bottle. 128 Stockton.
REST assured that LEDERER'S halrdresslng
's always the latest; 25c only. See his win-
dow display of beautiful hair combs of every
description at lowest price. 123 Seockton st.
LARGE list of lodging houses and flats; we
'make a specialty of them. COAST EX-
CHANGE CO.. 719 Market st.
HRIOHT students to join special training class
of shorthand and typing at AYRES' Business
Collece *Misa Kafka, the winner of Examiner
contest, was a pupil and secured position
rough us. '
INCAPABLE men— Something new; no drugs,
belts or appliances; no humbug: safe. sure.
nermanert" full particulars free. Address
HARRY D WILLIAMS, Gait House. Louis-
ville, Ky. ■ -
*"•-" H. B.— Send address to this office. A 3-t
box 5275. Call office. ' .
FAT is fatal to beauty and health: we reduce
quickly and safely. An-T.-Phat Co.. Chicago.
MART— I got my handsome cape at the East-
crn Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. There you can get most anything in mat
line on easy payments; open evenings,
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark j
Attorney at Law. _ and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
Pan Francisco. CaL American and Foreign .
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited. |
PERSONALS.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants, $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights in even* room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
!5c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets .wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres: dealer ln
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parior has removed
from O'Farreil to 132 Eddy st.
RUPTURE, piles cured: examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfleld. S3* Market st.
LOANS on diamonds and jewels: low Interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant.
SCHOOL children and Mexican sombrero look
nice together. Mexican Art, 114 Stockton st.
GOOD tailor-made suits at reasonable prices
by F. SCHOETTLER, 329 Kearny st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome St.
JAMES A. SORENSEN, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth at., near Mission.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHI TANI, 313 Sutter at.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln.sl4 Plne.ab.Krny.
A— Ladles' or gents' clothing, furniture bought.
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 248 O'Farreil. bet- Powell & Mason.
PHYSICIANS AXU SURGEONS. '
DR. OLIVE GRUVER. free treatment dally, 10
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market St.. room 6.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1021% Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
FACTORY- site, 20,000 square feet, wanted. #19
Stevenson st.
REAL ESTATE CITY For Sale.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
Established 1858. 626 Market st.
Lots on Seventeenth, Eighteenth. Noe and !
Hartford sts.; Just placed on market; offered
cheap at very easy terms.
$8250— St., near Van Ness are.; 27:6x120
to rear street; 9 rooms and bath.
Must be sold— fine flats on Hayes st.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street;
rents very low, $55; only $7250; make offer.
$6500— Seventeenth st-. near Capp; dwelling
and lot, 60x110.
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$5260— Gough st., near Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath, laundry and large cellar; lot 31x82.6.
13500— Guerrero St., near Twentieth; 25x100,
two flats, renting for $--7-.
$50C0— O'Farreil st., near Devisadero; three
houses; rents $42 per month; lot 45xS0.
$2900— Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; ( rooms
and bath; 24:3x114.
Cottage and lot; Twenty-third St., near
Castro; 6 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$3300— Chattanooga St.. near Twenty-third; 2
flats; rents $18; lot 25x117.
$2500— Church st., near Twenty-eighth; -store
and flats; 25x100.
$2500 Twenty-second st., near Sanchez; 5 ,
rooms and bath; 25x101.
Diamond St., near Nineteenth; 6 rooms I
an.l bath; rents $12 60; lot 15x125.
$1200— Greenwich st., near Stelner; 20x80, and
house of 8 rooms.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTT.
$20.0-"-9 Pacific aye., southwest corner Octa- '.
via St.: 50x127:8.
Corner on Haight and Octavia sts. 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Sutter st., near Buchanan; 26:3x57:6; $3935.
$2000 California rt, near Broderick; 24:9x82:6.
Eighteenth st., corner Diamond; 25x75; $2250.
Bryant St.. near Twenty-fifth: 52x100.
$2750— Clay St.. near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$1750 Union St., near Webster; 25x100.
$1600— Filbert st., corner Buchanan; 25x90.
$1000— Seventh aye.. near J St.; ..'ixl2u.
$SoO— Sixteenth St., near Castro; -sxloo.
$800 — Jersey St., near Noe; 25x114.
$800 — Twentieth et., corner Douglass; 30x110.
$S00 — Holly Park lot. Plymouth nve., near
Mission road; 25x85.
MADISON Ac BURKE, 626 Market St.
McALLISTER ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$6500—2 Flats near Fillmore St.; have tenant '
for store if altered at expense of $1000; mak-
ing rents $75 a month; this Is a bargain and j
must sell.
A GOOD CHANCE.
$6500— Rents $60 50.
3 Beautiful flats, marble steps, all modern Im- '
provements; few feet from car line and '
panhandle of Park.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$6000— Rent $42 50.
Close to Pine and Powell sts. ; flne 2-flat build-
ing in Al condition, and always rented.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
20 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC AVENUE— ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
$22,500.
LARGE LOT 61 :4x127:8-*4.
This grand home, 2007 Pacific avenue, between j
Octavia and Laguna streets, must be sold.
Contains 12 large rooms, every modern Im-
provement.
Commands an unobstructed marine view.
Is In the immediate vicinity of ail the fash-
ionable residence sites recently purchased on
Pacific avenue.
For an Inspection of the premises, call at our
office for an order.
A. J. RICH & CO.,
112 Montgomery street.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON. 221 Montgomery st. ■
$9000— NW. corner; finest view of bay and
Presidio In the city; NW. Larkln and Chest-
nut; California and Hyde Ft. cars ln 1 block; i
145;.*x139:6. or in subdivisions as follows.
$3000— For comer 37:6x139:6.
$1600— For Inside lots. 27x139:6; easy terms.
$2700— Corner lot; Fifteenth, near Valencia;
choice tor flats; light for every room.
$100— Lots south of Park; buy for your chil- ;
dren.
$20,000— and flats; Devisadero; 75 feet i
front; giving 6 per cent net; sure to Increase I
ln value.
$3500— Cottage ln warm belt of Mission; 5 j
rooms and bath: high basement; make offer.
$3250— Flats ; Hartford st., near Castro and
Nineteenth; 4 and 6 rooms and bath; rents :
$330 per annum.
Howard, near Eighteenth; 8 rooms and !
bath; can be altered to flata and pay good ln- i
terest.
$5600— flats: Frederick, near Clayton and
the Park; rents $680 per annum; easy terms.
HAWKS & SKKLTON.
321 Montgomery st.
SAN FRANCISCO
SNAPS! SNAPS! SNAPS!
THIS WEEK ONLY.
You missed lt on some of them we sold last
week.
Don't be behind time this week If any of
Don't be behind time this week lf any of
these suit you:
$800 $10 per month; 5 rooms, bath; new and
flrst class In every respect: at Sunnyside.
$1000— 60 per month; same locality and i
size, but has basement and larger lot.
$1000— $12 60 per month: 5 rooms, large lot;
plenty of flowers; San Rafael.
$1360— 518 per month; 7 rooms; close to Hotel
Rafael: excellent locality and large grounds.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Room 2, 222 Sansome et., S. F., also Frultvale
station. '_______■
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
$300 to $800— Sunset Heights lots from Sev-
enth to Nineteenth ayes., ready to build
on; $25 down, $10 monthly.
Branch Office, Ninth aye., near H st. Every
day and Sunday.
$400 to $700— Richmond lots, $10 monthly.
$76 to Ocean Boulevard lots, $5 monthly.
$100 to $260-Ml»slon st. and Ocean View lots.
$5 monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER,
BOL. ui-.i- ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
WORKINGMANI
WORKINGMANI _
HERE IS YOUR CHANCE.
$I£fr—Just built; new 4-room and bath cot-
tage. Including lot; ln the Mission warm belt;
one block from cars; $12 60 a month.
. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
$100 AND YOUR RENT MONEY ■
Buys a new corner cottage, 4 rooms and bath,
with all modern improvements. Including san-
itary plumbing; high basement; flne view
and close to car lines.- -
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
SACRIFICE; city poultry farm; $750
monthly; cottage and lots; cheap at $1200.
chicken duck and goose houses; free run for
stock. 1223 Courtland aye., or DOLAN. 636
Market st. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 27, 1899.
REAL ESTATE — — Sale.
G? H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 Montgomery street.,
BUSINESS.
$50,000— Sansome st. corner: four-story brick
buildings covering entire lot; a short distance
from Market st. ; 60x30. with two ells; rents
$3600 per annum.
$47, Corner near Baldwin Hotel site; Im-
provements and lot, 25x60.
$40,000— Downtown business property, near
Kearny and Market sts; three-story brick
building; store and lodging-house; rents $253;
35x137:6.
$15,500— greatly reduced; corner on
Howard st. ; two stores with living rooms and
four flats of seven and five rooms and bath
each; rents $1080 per annum; brick foundation.
etc.; large lot. 35x122:6; $10,000 can remain at
6-4 per cent per annum.
$9000 Business property on Clay St.; two
stores and upper flat; rents about $85 per
month; real bargain.
Corner store and flat; rents $300 per
annum; near Twenty-third and Valencia ets.;
_Sx7«.
FLATS AND INVESTMENTS.
$9500— Rents $1200 per annum; six flats and
lot 60x114; very' nice location in the Mission.
$9250— Rents 110S0 per annum; six modern
flats and lot 50x100; Guerrero st.
$8200— Must be seen to be appreciated; we are j
instructed by the attorneys for the heirs in |
the East to offer this property at this price;
last appraisement by the court, 111,000: three I
houses of eight, seven and seven rooms and |
bath each; rents $792 per annum; 50:3x100; !
Nos. 1537-39-43 Larkin St., south of Clay st.
$8000— Rents $900 per annum; Mission warm j
belt; four elegant modern flats and cottage;
40x115, to an alley. , . ; : C-
$7000— Geary st. and Myrtle aye.; two-story j
and basement house and two flats and lot; I
double frontage; near Franklin st. ; rents $720 j
per annum.
$.500— of Market St.; bargain; nearl
Taylor and California sts.; rents $810 per an-
num; three elegant, nearly new. modern flats
of Fix, five and five rooms and bath each, etc. ;
large lot.
$4000— Rents $576 per annum; four tenements;
Mission warm belt; 25x85c.
$3700— A flne corner on Paciflc St. ; two cot- j
tages of five and six rooms and bath each;
rents $31 50; should be changed Into four tene-
ments; good renting locality.
$2000— Rents $312 per annum; Natoma st. !
$1500— Rents $216 per annum; a big bargain;
house in three tenements and lot, near Clay
and Mason sts. -.-*
RESIDENCES.
$6250— -Corner on Hayes St., a short distance
from Van Ness aye. ; house of six rooms and
bath: could be enlarged to good advantage;
37:6x75; present rent, $30.
16000- Elegant Fillmore st. residence; a real
bargain: a fine, modern, two-story and base-
ment residence of seven rooms and bath;
25x137:6.
15150— Pacific Heights residence. Sacramento
st.; an elegant, modern residence of eight
rooms and bath; finished basement, etc.; fine
garden; 26x103.
LOTS.
On very easy terms. We are offering the lots
at Waller and Stelner sts. of the German Sav-
ings and Loan Society, street work done com-
plete; lots all ready to build on; terms one-
fourth cash, balance at 7 per cent. Only a
few left.
$1250 and upward— building lots very
cheap: ten .1.1: Noe. Fourteenth and Henry
sts . one block from Market: 25x115 and 25x105
each: level, on grade and ready for building;
offered at very low prices, and being so nicely
located are selling rapidly.
$-.00 each and upward— lnstallment loft:
Richmond. Tenth aye.. C and D sts., adjacent
to the Park; 25x130; $50 cash, $10 per month,
Interest at 7 per cent.
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Bee our auction advertisement.
G. H. UMBSEN <__ CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT, RESIDENCE
AND UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
AT SALESROOM. 14 MONTGOMERY ST.,
MONDAY, AUGUST 28, 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
322 Chestnut St., N. line 120 feet W of
Dupont: 3-story house, 9 rooms, bath, brick
foundation; street accepted; lot 20x70; subject
to confirmation by court.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
822 Fremont st., SW. line 29S feet SE. of
Folsom; residence of 18 rooms, bath; lot
22:6x100 to rear alley; subject to confirmation
by court.
BEULAH-ST. COTTAGE.
125 Beulah St.. S. line 231 feet E. of Stan-
yan: bay-window cottage, 7 rooms, bath, large
basement, brick foundation, etc.; street ac-
cepted; lot 25x137:6; with or without furniture,
which ls complete.
BRODERICK-ST. FLATS.
636, 627 and 629 Broderick St., W. line 100
feet N. of Grove; 3 bay-window flats, 6, 6 and
5 rooms, bath, each; rents $42 50. which are
low; cement walk; street accepted; lot 25x100;
part cash; balance on easy terms.
FOLSOM-ST. INVESTMENT.
628, 630, 632 and 534 Folsom St.. NW. line
275 feet SW. Of First; choice location; rapidly
becoming manufacturing property; rents $100
per month; lot 80x80.
ELEVENTH-ST. FLATS.
354 and 354t-i Eleventh St.. SW. line 305 feet
SE. of Folsom; 2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms, bath,
each; rents $38 per month; street accepted; lot
30x66.
DIAMOND-ST. COTTAGES.
605 and 607 Diamond St., E. line 53 feet S. of
Twenty-third, bay-window cottages, 6 rooms,
bath, each; cement walks, etc.; lots 25x100
each'; part cash; balance on easy terms.
McALLISTER-ST. COTTAGE.
1511 McAllister St.. S. line 225 feet W. of
Parker aye.; bay-window cottage. 5 rooms.
bath, cement walk, etc.; lot 25x93:6; mortgage
of $700 can remain.
POND-ST. COTTAGE.
39 Pond St., E. line 187:6 feet 8. of Sixteenth;
2-story house of 8 rooms, bath; rent $16; can be
converted Into 2 flats at small cost; cement
walk; street bltuminized; lot 25x86:6; part cash,
balance on easy terms.
LOMBARD-BT. COTTAGE.
1017 Lombard St., S. line 100:6 feet E. of
Hyde' cottage, 5 rcoms and bath; rent $16;
lot 21x137:6.
MISSION CORNER RESIDENCE.
4401 Eighteenth St., SW. corner of Eureka;
bay-window residence of 10 rooms, bath, and
parlor floor Is elegantly finished In natural
wood; streets bltuminized; lot 35x75.
BANCHEZ-ST. FLATS.
1233 Bandies St., NE. corner of Clipper; 3
bay-window flats, 6, 6 and 4 rooms, bath, each;
rents $32 per month; lot 28x80; part cash; bal-
ance on easy terms.
LOMBARD-ST. FLATS.
409 and 411 Lombard St.. S. line 80 feet W.
of Dupont: 4 bay-window flats of 4 and 5
rooms, bath, each; rents $56; stone walk; brick
foundation; street accepted; lot 40x30.
INSIDE INVESTMENT.
1426 California st., N. line 76 feet E. of Lai
kin: 3 new bay-window flats of 7, 8 and i
rooms, bath, each; rents $105; brick foundation;
cement walk; street accepted; lot 26x70:10.
For further particulars apply at our offlce.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., Auctioneers.
14 Montgomery st.
McAFEB BROTHERS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST., S. F.
RENTS $88; PRICE $6600.
8 good flats on Larkln at.; pays 1 per cent
gross; lot 24x100.
. PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Best buy In the city; beautiful lots on Pa-
cific Heights, with marine view; will be sold
at a grand bargain; send for plat.
12,000.
Fine residence of 12 rooms on Pacific Heights;
marine view; lot 38:10x137:6. ; .
?ARTLETT STREET.
good flats of E and ( rooms; rent-
ed' for $40; lot 26x125; price $5000.
$5000.
Three flne flats on Minna St., near Sth; rented
for $47 monthly; a good safe income property.
SOUTH OF MARKET.
Store and 3 flats; rented for $40; lot 22:11x80;
price $3750.
POST NEAR LARKIN.
Fine lot, 26x100, to rear street; residence of
10 rooms; fine for doctors* offices; cars pass;
price $10, 000. ;_\ * -..'■'* J? ■
WEBSTER STREET. 'I-/ _*
Good residence of T rooms add bath; price re-
duced to $5750.
NEAR AFFILIATED COLLEGES.
Fine lots, with view of the city; $800 to $1100.
McAFEE BROTHERS. McAFEE BROTHERS.
, 108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
f22OO— COST $2700; cottage on Twentieth st. ; all
In good order. Call at office for list of prop-
erty in all parts of the city.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — A fine cor. residence; 10 rooms and
bath; central location; price $7250; no agents.
Box 3216. Call flee.
REAL ESTATE CITY— For Sale.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
NICE COTTAGE
Worth $7000; flne modern flats on Ash-
bury st., nr. Fell; only a few steps from the
Park; contain 6 and 7 rooms, baths, etc.; a good
buy.
$4750— Splendid, modern; Liberty st., nr. Do-
lores; contains S large rooms; porcelain bath.
hot-air furnace and all conveniences; fine view;
an Ideal home. In the warm belt of the Mission;
easy terms. ;■.-_ ;t *_*--•-.
$2100— Nineteenth st., nr. Mississippi; not far
from the Union Iron Works; contains 4 rooms,
bath, etc.; furniture, etc.. included.
$4750— Worth 16008; Devisadero st.. bet. Clay
and Washington; nice bay-window residence, 7
rooms, bath, hot-air furnace and all conveni-
ences. .-'*' C ;'■._..'.-•,'■'
12300— Rent $21; Langton St., nr. Seventh and
Bryant; 2 good flats, 4 and 5 rooms each.
$4750— Rent $43; Folsom St., east of Ninth;
lot 25x90; store and flat above.
$8250— Three handsome new flats close to the
Park; up to date in every respect; marble steps,
etc.; sun In every room; best bargain in the
market; rent $80.
Washington St., nr. Powell; 2-story
brick building, containing 10 rooms and base-
ment; large corner lot, 40x77:6 building covers
only portion of lot.
$8500— Rent $72; Mason St., nr. Clay; 3-story
house, 10 rooms and bath; also double cottage
of 6 rooms each; lot 40x60.
$4900— Fine flats: almost new; on Golden Gate
aye., nr. Baker st.; 2 flats, 6 and 7 rooms, etc.;
lot 25x100; cost owner over $7000; must be sold.
A DOWNTOWN CORNER.
115,000— investment; close to Ellis and
Hyde sts.; store and flats: large lot; pays well.
FRONTING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
$6250— Modern residence; Oak st., nr. Ash-
bury; contains 9 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 25x137:6;
can be bought on desirable terms.
$1900— st., nr. Nineteenth; 25x105. with
good cottage of 5 rooms, bath, etc.; rent $16;
is a good investment or home.
Sutter st., nr. Devisadero; lot 34:4V4x
137:6. with 2-story residence containing 9 rooms
and bath, etc.; also stable.
$2500— Rent $20: Fifth aye., nr. D st. ; 2 flats,
6 rooms each; lot 25x120.
$2800— Pacific St., nr. Hyde; store and flat
above; also rear house; lot 26x75. uv-.;>
12100— Clement St.. nr. Fifth aye.; modern
bay-window cottage, 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x
100; stable ln rear.
$2800— Nineteenth St.. nr. Noe; lot 25x114;
rent $26; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms each. /.<.•...
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street.
NOTICE OF SALE
OF REAL ESTATE.
Notice Is hereby given that the block facing
Golden Gate Park on H street, between Eight-
eenth and Ninteenth avenues, has Just been
placed on Bale In subdivisions. Already a num-
ber of lots have been sold. Have you seen this
block? GO of the best lots every one on grade
with streets, which are officially graded and
macadamized. Blank sidewalks and water
mains laid. All ready for building. Prices
range from $500 upward. Your own terms. In-
terest on deferred payments only 6 per cent.
As these lots face the I'ark and the new Nine-
teenth avenue boulevard they will surely in-
crease in value. Near the new music stand
and all principal Bark attractions. Electric
cars pass the property— take Ellis or Haight
street cars. If you are wise you will see them
at once and secure your choice. Branch offlce
corner H street and Ninth avenue. Open
dally; Sundays Included.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery at.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO. <\
INVESTMENTS.
One-half block from Howard St.; 3-story
bouse and 3 flats; rents $41.
$3,900— Six flats of 3 and 4 rooms in good condi-
tion; rents $47 GO.
$2,250— Perry street, near Fourth; house 8 rooms
and bath; stable; driveway.
FLATS.
$B,ooo— modern flats on McAllister st. ; 10
and 6 rooms; lot 25x100.
$B,2so— Business property: bakery and flats ln
best part •>.' Western Addition; 50-foot
front; rent $70.
17,500— Franklin st. near Gough; 3 flats of 5
rooms and bath each; stable; rent 189.
$6,000— modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath in best Mock on Clayton St.; 25x100.
13,000— flats of 3 and 4 rooms and bath;
stable; lot 25x115.
RESIDENCES AND COTTAGES.
$5300— 0n north side Pine St.. near Van Ness;
large residence 11 rooms; lot 30x137:6.
$1,500— Elegant modern resiaence near *-ara
panhandle; 7 rooms and bath.
$3,lso— Modern 7-room cottage on Golden Gate
aye.; lot 25x100.
$I,3oo— Nice cottage of 5 rooms; sunny side of
street; 25x100.
We hold our regular auction sales every two
weeks. For further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market street.
FOR SALE BY «
HOOKER & LENT,
14 POST ST.
$16,000— Rents $148 per month; -Powell st.
flats; handsome building; only 6 minutes' walk
from Market St.; double lot.
$3000— Rent $75 per month; desirable business
corner; 3-story building; store and flats; near
Devisadero st.
$3i_uo— Two- house, 5 rooms and bath,
with driveway for stable; on Webster St.. near
McAllister., v. ■.. .-*". ' :' ,'"-'-'
$3S, ooo— Rents $300 per month: desirable down-
town property on Eddy St., new improvements;
large lot.
$22,600— Rent $170 per month; 2 large 3-story
buildings near Eddy and Larkin sts.; double
lot.
$3250— Rent $29 per month; house of 2 flats, 5
and 6 rooms; near Scott and Haight sts.; lot
25x100; this is cheap.
$14,350— P05t St., near Larkin; $121 per month;
lot 25x137:6; new building; 27 rooms in flats.
$3500— $3S per month; 3 flats near Lax-
kin st. and Broadway; always rented.
$4500—3 houses on O'Farreil St., near Devis-
adero; rent $42 per month; large double lot.
$5750— 2-story residence of 8 rooms and bath
on Pine st., near Jones flne neighborhood.
$8250— $80 per month; 6 flats near the
new Postoffiee and always rented; lot 50x75.
HOOKER & LENT.
14 Post st.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
$4350— Reduced again from $4500; an. extraor-
dinary bargain on Fulton St., near Franklin;
only 3 blocks from City Hall and near Mar-
ket st; a 2-story house, stable and garden: lot
27:6x137:6 feet; worth $5500. but must be sold.
$7500— residence on Devisadero st., near
Fell; 9 rooms; modern Improvements; 25x112:6.
$30,000— Business property yielding a yearly
rental of $301-0 For description call at the
offlce.
$5800— Rent $47; a splendid investment, on
Geary St.; 3-story house; store and 2 flats, 6
rooms and bath each. ■. *■*:*■
$5500— nice property on Spear St., bet. How-
ard and Folsom.
$25,000— Reduced from $34,000; rent $287; Lar-
kln St., south of Geary; stores and flats; a dead
bargain.
$3860— Rent $45; Webster St., near Washing-
ton; a fine double flat, 6 rooms and bath each.
Several fine properties on McAllister st.
$10,000— Three excellent 2-story bay-window
houses on Haight st. 3 blocks from Market;
lot 65x137:6; rent $76.
$25,000— Rent $160; a prominent northwest oor-
ner. 65x100 feet; Improvements of 8 stores and 8
flats above and 2 cottages, all rented; there ls
a fortune in this property.
THE first ls near at hand and the landlords
are happy. Why not buy your own place and
pay It off with the same rent money? JACOB
HEYMAN, the workingman's friend, will
help you to It. I have left a new 4-room and
5-room and bath cottage; very cheap; on the
Heyman Tract: 22d street.
Call at the office and get particulars.
JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery st.
HEALTH resort of San Francisco— Sunset
Reach lots and cottages for sale and for rent;
near Golden Gate Park and boulevard. JA-
COB HKVMAN. 19 Montgomery st. :.--X
$750—4 ROOMS and bath; cottage 60x125; Alvltj
Tract, Elmhurst. near Oakland; easy terms.
JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery st
NEW 4-room house; Courtland aye., close
to electric cars; street sewered and graded;
easy terms. JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgom-
ery St. -'.:..
AUCTION SALE OF REAL ESTATE
BY—
/ COFFEY, HUGHES & CO.
AT SALESROOM, If MONTGOMERY ST.
WEDNESDAY. AUG. 30, 1899, at 12 o'clock M.
Page St., north side, 96 feet west of Octavia,
25x120 feet to Lily aye.; 4 flats on Lily aye.;
rents $40.
Lot west side of Ninth St.. 250 feet south of
Harrison, 25x100 feet; artesian well on the lot
Cottage, 230 Twenty-seventh St.. near Church:
6 rooms, bath and basement; 25x114; one-third
cash, balance at 6 per cent.
Flats, 1808 and 18081,-. Union St., near Octavia:
rents $40.
Lot south side of Fulton St., 100 feet west
of Baker; 25x100.
Two lots, east side of Cook st, 150 feet south
of Geary: 25x120 each; one-quarter cash, bal-
ance at 8 per cent.
Southeast corner Waller and Masonic aye. :
lot 85x105; two flats adjoining; lot 27:6x106. ■
Lot west side of Dame St., near Church, 200
feet south of Thirtieth; 26x126; one-quarter
oash, balance at 6 per cent.
Residence 2818 Pine st, near Buchanan; 9
rooms and bath; lot 26x137:8.
Lot northwest corner of Twenty-flfth and
Douglass sts.; 85x125; will be sold as a whole
or In subdivisions.
Lot southeast side of Sherwood place, oft
Third Bt., near Howard, 256 feet northeast of
Third St.; 20x65. . ' „_
Lot southwest corner of Twenty-sixth and
Diamond sts.: 60x80.
1306 and 13084 Powell St.; store and flats;
rents $30; 23:6x45*10. _ -*l
Administrator sale— Flats 606 and 60*4 Shot-
well st, also rear oottaget rents $36 50; lot
80x122:6. , ■ ,M " ■
Lot east side of Central aye., 100 feet north
of Hayes st. ; 26x100. . _ , ■■->-' •--.--"
Residence 120 Lyon st. near Oak and Golden
Gate Park; 11 rooms, bath, etc; modern and
In good condition.
Flats 3019 and 3021 Buchanan st. near Union;
rents $32; lot 30x90 feet
We can negotiate loans on any of the above.
For further particulars apply to
COFFEY, HUGHES & CO., Auctioneers,
,19 Montgomery st
$560— THE cheapest lots ln town; Twentieth st,
near Castro; $100 cash; on Diamond, $350 to
$500. $50 cash. CHARLES W. POPE, 11
Montgomery et. .
REAL ESTATE .CITY— For Sale.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.. „„,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED. _, .
I 35x137:6— Hayes St., near Fillmore; 3 flats;
■rent $90; $13,500.
/ 62:6x137:6— Tay10r St., near Pine; 16-room
I house; rent $50"; $10,000. .- ..-
-! 80x48:8— corner Post and Stockton sts.: 80
on Post by 46:8 on Stockton: properly Improved
! will rent for $1500 per month.
I SS:9xl37:B— Union at., near Dupont; 2-story
brick building: rents $68 50; $S5OO.
20x65:9 to rear street; Union, near Dupont;
' 3 front and 3 rear flats; rents $64 50; $8000.
25xS0— Fourth st., near Harrison; atore and
I flat; 86800; sale urgent.
46x50— Greenwich, near Taylor; three 2-story
houses; rents $54; $6250. , .
112:6x37:6x87:6— C0r. Kearny and Greenwich:
10 2-story houses; rents $80; $6000.
I 25x100— Pacific aye.. near Polk; 2 flat 3 and
I rear house; rents $45; $5000. -;. ."_*:. •
| 22x68:9— Pacific, near Mason; house of eight
I _ooms and bath; $4500.
24:3x69:9— Green st.. near Powell: new mod-
crn bay-window flata; rents $38; $4500.
25x122:6— ShotweU St., near 24th; 2 flats: $3800.
31x122:6— Howard, nr. Wth; cottage; rents $16.
22:6x120— T0 rear street; Union, near Jones; 2
j flats; rents $24; $2500.
25x100— Lyon, near Geary: cottage; $2250.
22:11x68:9—230 Francisco st., near Stockton; 2-
story house and large basement; $2000.
25x64— Post, near Central aye.; cottage; $1500.
■"-.-.'.<:; UNIMPROVED. .".-,.;
25x100— Florida St.. north of 18th; adjoining
! Union Brewery; offer wanted.
25x110-- Scott St.. near Washington: $3750.
80x71:10— SE. cor. Polk and Lombard sta.
26x105— Cor. 22d and Noe sta. ; (8200. -
37 Greenwich, near Polk; $2000.
25x100— Valencia, bet. 13th and Hth; 4 lots.
260x125— NW. cor. Fountain and 25th.
25x137:6 S. Frederick, west of Cole.
$1700— COTTAGE, 5 rooms ln splendid order;
Harrison, near Twenty-third; street bltumin-
ized. This is a bargain. -
$2200— Cottage, 5 rooms, bath: Clipper, near
Sanchez; 24:6x114. :•-.*-.
$2500— Modern cottage, 6 rooms, bath. Twen-
ty-third, near Harrison; 25x80. Part cash.
$4250— Three flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each; Colllngwood, near Nineteenth st.; 27:6 x
11". Easy terms.
$1000— Cheap lot on Second aye., near Point
Lobos; 25x120.
W. H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
$1350 M 350
What ls lt for the small sum of $1350? A
new 6-room house in Berkeley, near Dwlght-
wav: only. $300 cash, balance $15 per month.
ENGLISH & MORRISSEY. 630 Market st.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 321 Montgomery st. '
Make Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
I $2800— North line Carl st., near Stanj-anr 60x
1 137:6 feet. -. " ' _, ,_,
Residence and lot— North line Pacific aye.,
, near Webster st.; lot 30x127:8.4 feet.
ONLT one left out of 5; a bargain and a
beauty; up-to-date park home, 9 rooms; all
I sunny; Carl rt., near Stanyan; blue Park
and Ocean cars pass the door; Halght-st.
j cars transfer at Masonic aye.; owner on
premises. .
j NEW HOMES
Five, 6, 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
i to $4500; terma to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder.
I IF you have lota north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye., and you wish to sell them,
i call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
PIXLEY Bt.— Lot $600; big snap; near Union
st. THE MCCARTHY CO.. ma Market st.
HEAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Sale
IF you are looking for a country home such
as will produce apples, berries, potatoes.
sugar beets, come to Watsonville, lt being
one of the most productive sections In the
State. Send for catalogue of country homes
In PaJaro Valley. R. P. QUINN, real estate,
Watsonville. Cal.
67 ACRES, 4 miles east of Los Gatos ln
Guadalupe Valley, 40 acres level, living
water, rich soil, on main road, several houses
and barns, school on place, li miles from
station and postoffiee; half cash. CHARLES
W. POPE. 11 Montgomery at.
i SWAMP LANDS—
•4612 acres ln Solano County, bounded by
Cache Slough on west and south. Prospect
Slough on east; price $2 50 per acre.
McAfee BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal.
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $80 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain.
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms: ran
i and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM «''l.. rm. 27. Sth floor. Mills bldg . S. F.
RESTAURANTS.
I CAFE LOELL— 4S9 Geary St.; dinner 5 to 7 p.
CAFE LOELL— 4S9 Geary St.; dinner 5 to 7 p.
m. ; Sunday, chicken dinner, 4 to 7 p. m.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 103.1 Market st. : popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH. 309— New house; nicely furnished suite,
', 3 rooms; large kitchen; hot and cold water.
FILLMORE, 2208, near Clay— sls; 5 clean sunny
rooms; bath; nice yard and water.
• FOLSOM. 525— Large sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping; $1 50 weekly. _
I GEARY, 1917—4 nice unfurnished rooms; bath;
toilet; gas; yard; basement.
! HICKORY AYE., 181. near Gough— 3 furnished
housekeeping rooms; $13.
HOWARD, 701, corner Third— sunny fur-
! nished rooms, suites; also rooms for house-
j keeping; reasonable: transient.
HYDE, 129 — Sunny rooms complete for house-
! keeping; running water; rent reasonable.
I IVANHOE. 1002 Polk. cor. Geary— Light, clean.
sunny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up; ref.
LEWIS, 16 off Taylor, near Post— A newly fur-
nished bedroom and kitchen; stove; $11.
McALLISTER, 405— Two sunny unfurnished
rooms; $8. ■
McALLISTER, 405— Furnished parlor floor; 4
or 5 rooms; $20 and $23.
i MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms, cheap rent.
j MISSION. 1729- i, near Thirteenth— sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, bath and laun-
dry; $S. n * .
OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought:
highest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS.ISGrant.
' POLK 1827— Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; bath; private family; low rent.
SIXTH, 405— Suite of housekeeping rooms; gas,
bath, running water; $12.
I ST JAMES. Laguna and McAllister— Choicest
sunniest in city; low rates; furnished or not.
SUTTER, 1111. nr. Larkln— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
i TURK. 624, near Larkin-2 large Bunny unfur-
nished connecting rooms: yard; tubs; grate.
TWO furnished rooms for housekeeping; rent $6
to single person. Key at 166 Clara st.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Elegant sunny upper
floor; S rooms and bath: other rooms.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
18 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET — Knrn. and Unfnrn.
A^BRITNSWIck House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
»6c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping: open all night.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate: cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 60 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 62 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekeeping rooms. $1 to $3 per week.
AT 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— mangt., renovat-
ed, sunny front bay-window rms.; transient.
jAT New and, 246 3d— lst-class sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT the Sapphire, 413 Jones st.near Ellis— New-
ly furnished sunny rooms; reasonable rates.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny corner suits and
i single rooms; all conveniences; gentlemen and
families; elevator; special rates to traveling
men. . :
BURNETT, 1428 Market (old No. 1864)—
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 1424— Rooms in fine private
house for gentlemen wishing comfort; morn-
ing coffee if desired; reasonable.
CARROLTON, 1208 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
EDDY 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms, from $1 60 a week up. . ■ .
ELLIS. 618— New and elegantly furnished
rooms, en suite, double or single.
FIFTH, 89— Sunny, furnished rooms; double or
single; running water. . -
FERN WELL House.47 Post— managem'nt;
all rms refurnished; suites and single; baths.
FOURTH, 2224 (Palm House)— Ftrst-claas sun-
ny bay-window rooms; also single, fl 26 up.
GEARY, 402— Newly furnished sunny rooms and
suites,' $2 per week up; very desirable.
GEARY 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— A nice large bed-
room; $5; bath; private family. .
GRAND SOUTHERN. SB. cor Seventh and
Mission Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator.
GREENWICH, 1424— 6 large rooms to let, $18;
3 rooms and stable, $7.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, Sl9 . Sutter, - nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.; elev.; free baths.
HOWARD. 829— Furnished rooms from fl per
week up; also housekeeping and transient
LINDELL : House, corner Sixth and Howard—
200 single furnished rooms to let; 25c night
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and _nfnr_.
MARKET, 1035, and 33 Fifth— New manage-
ment; fine sunny suites and eingle rooma
MASON, llll— Large nicely furnished rooms;
gas.
MINNA. 667, cor.Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market- Large
bay-win, rms. and single, $5 up: also hskpg.
O'FARRELL. Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
RINCON place. 28. off Harrison, bet. First and
Second— Room, fireplace; use of kitchen, bath-
room and washroom; yard; lady or man and
wife; no children.
ROYAL House, 126 Eliis St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 SC»;
week. $2 to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
offlce floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths.
SIXTH, 33. nr. Market. Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator; transient.
SIXTH, 423— Large sunny front and back rooms
with or without housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth at..
neat Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom, cor. 6th— Sunny corner
rms., suites and single: gas; bath; new mangt.
TURK, 524— Large bark room or small sunny
front one, for lady; reference; $5. . -"'-_
VAN NESS aye.. 813— Single sunny front; very'
desirable. ' ,-_ -, '.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
ROOMS ANTED.
WANTED, by a young man, large room or
suite In a quiet place where there will be
no objection to entertaining friends occasion-
ally. Box 129", Call.
SEWING MACHINES AM) SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing nt lowest rates 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES,
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
721 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE'RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile, sale, $1
per box: warranted to cure all cases of bleed-
Ing, Itching, external, Internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devisadero st., near Sutter.
THE BANK OF CALIFORNIA.
Notice is hereby given to the stockholders
of The Bank of California that the Transfer
Books will be closed, from SATURDAY. Au-
gust 26. to FRIDAY, September 1, 1899, both
dates inclusive, on account of the special
meeting of the stockholders to be held on the
last named date. By order of the Board of
Directors. ALLEN M. CLAY, Secretary.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Taint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7, 8 and 9 rooms and bath each; iirstclass
neighborhood; near school and stations; street
work all complete; from $3000 to $4000; only
$500 cash and $25 and $30 per month; great bar-
gains; cheap lots for cash and houses to let
ln all parts of Alameda.
$2200— Lot 50x150; $200 cash and $20 per month:
fine, nearly new cottage; In a good neighbor-
hood; near High School and station.
$2500— Lot 35x115. with elegant residence of 8
rooms; ln flne condition; macadamized street;
near station and school; great bargain; worth
$3500; any terms: same as rent.
$2600— Lot 40x207:6: fine, new, modern 6-room
cottage; near High School and station; $500 cash
and $25 per month.
$1000— 25x125; cottage of 5 rooms; street
work complete; near station; easy terms.
$1600— Lot 33:4x105: with a fine modern cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; nice garden; street
work all done; near station and school; $100
cash, balance $20 per month.
$2850— 5500 cash, balance $25 per month; lot
40x150, with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath; between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton st.
$3250-$5OO cash, $25 per month; less --than
rent; lot 40x150: elegant new 2-story, 8 rooms
and bath, on Morton St., near Morton-st. sta-
tion: best bargain ln Alameda; elegant resi-
dences on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye.
at a bargain.
Houses to let ln all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORE A L & CO..
1432 Park st., Alameda.
ABOUT finished, modern 8-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage 6 rooms;
lots 50x150: easy terms. Apply 1518 Mozart
St., Mastlok station.
SNAP— New House. 8 rooms and bath; lot 50x
160; good location: 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapin.
IF you want to build, buy. sell or exchange
property, call J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND ROARD.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND ROARD.
HOME fcr ladles in delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. UUNKE. 1416 Sth
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE, right in the heart of town,
30 ACRES.
Within 10 minutes of university grounds; 3
minutes from railroad station; lovely view.
Apply to
J. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
BERRYMAN station— 1423 and 1425 Spruce
St.; 2-story, 7 rooms, modern and new; rental
terms: agent on premises to-day from 2 to 4
p. m. THE HOME BUILDING CO., room 2,
222 Sansome st.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 824 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley corner lot sixiou, witn moaem
house of 9 rooms.
HILLEGASS TRACT
WITHIN 5 MINUTES FROM UNIVERSITY.
5 MINUTES FROM STATION.
LOTS 160 FEET IN DEPTH.
The cheapest, choicest property in Alameda
County.
Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON,
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
THE BEAUTIFUL MAGEE TRACT.
The only true street to Oakland is Grove st.
We have lots 50x1274 on Grove st— ln fact. 12
blocks that are for sale on the market, and
will be the business part of Berkeley; do not
miss the opportunity now Is the time: pur-
chase at once one of "these lots. The sole
agent. D. J. TOBIN. 2121 Stanford place, op-
posite Berkeley Station.
100 ACRES for sale ln subdivisions to suit tn
Lafayette, Contra Costa County, 13 miles
from Oakland, on county road; Santa Fe
Railroad runs through the property; no fog;
no wind; fine soil; flnest hay and fruit in
country comes from there; send for map and
particulars. D. J. TOBIN. sole agent 2121
Stanford place, Berkeley; Red 204; residence,
Red 121.
HERKELEY ROOMS.
4-ROOM cottage. for rent: $10: the. new and
complete furniture of which for sale, $75. Ap-
ply A. M. EWING, 2137 Dwight way, Berke-
ley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
REAL ESTATE BROKER. .-,-.<
1068 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$880— Four-roomed cottage and flfty lot; right
close to San Pablo avenue.
1600— Eastlake cottage of 5 rooms In fine con-
dition; lot 40x128 feet, with lawn; stable: gravel
driveway; stone walks; fruit trees; street work
all done; terms, half cash; same location as
the other.
HUGH M. CAMERON
HUGH M. CAMERON
Real Estate Broker,
1058 Broadway, Oakland.
$20 CASH, $3 monthly till ■ paid for-— A nice
plain home for a bachelor, - lot 43x250 feet,
price $250 all told; a hard-to-beat bargain; 250
feet new fencing, large grove of trees, cli-
mate, soil and view the best, no fogs nor
raw winds here: near a 90-foot boulevard and
electric car lines; 'fine 3-story schoolhouse
. close by; 62 families located within 2 years-
building up rapidly. Call or send for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh St., near Broadway, Oak-
land. Carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
124x130 FEET, with neat cottage; right ln town;
choice locality; reduced from $3500 to $2000 for
quick sale. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Bdwy, Oakland.
$10,000—OLD established business. Apply to E.
E. BUNCE, 908 1 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A CHOICE LIST.
OTHERS CHEERFULLY FURNISHED.
$13,000— Residence. 14 rooms: 150-foot corner;
finest location; Lakeside; estate must me sold.
$11.500—P iedmont, with 1-' acres land; modern
12-room bom. . foreclosure bargain.
$9000— Sacrifice; original cost $18,000; mortgage
$7000 can remain; elegant home, 12 rooms;
fine shrubberies; 75-foot frontage; central loca-
tion, ' "' X
$7500— Suburban home, East Oakland Heights;
panoramic view of six counties; near Fruit-
vale station; has fine house, 10 rooms; 2*. acres
land.
$8000— Near Senator Perkins' mansion. 9-room
home, corner; ,;_■:.. grand view; bargain.
$6000— New colonial; S rooms. 3rd century fin-
ish; nothing like it; corner; narrow gauge
trains.
$5000— Modern 7-room home; cost $7500; almost
business property: rents $40; central.
$4500— Going to Europe; make offer; 8 rooms;
almost new; central; sacrifice; fine furnishings.
$4800— Near 13th and Castro; modern 9 room
house; mortgage $2500: make offer.
$1000—4 acres full-bearing orchard; modern
cottage; windmill; Elmhurst station to S. F.
$.1250-- New, never occupied; Adeline station;
built for home; can't take it; $500 cash.
$3000— Lovely new S-room colonial; Oakland
iieignts; mortgage »:bw; your own imna.
$2850— Make offer; cost $4000; finest 8-roam
cottage at Lorln station, Berkeley; lot 50x135.
$2500— 5200 cash; new Queen Anne style: 6
rooms; porcelain bath; bargain; Adeline sta-
tion. . ...
Sacrificing estate; lot 150x150; house. 8
rooms; near station; a snap. '■'*.*.
$2750— Market station; bargain; 2-story; 8
rooms; duplicate sold for $4000.
$2100— $250 cash; 5 rooms; 14th and Magnolia.
$2000— New 6 rooms; porcelain bath; 34th st.
$1750— New 5 rooms; corner 40 ft; E. Oakland.
$1650— Cozy 6 rooms; porcelain bath; 35th st.
$1500— Piedmont; S0xl40; cottage; 6 rooms;
mortgage $1208,
$1250— $100 cash; new 5 rooms; cozy home.
$1000— Bargain: 5 r. : stable: nr. San Pablo ay.
$850— $10 month: 4 rooms; nr. station; bargain.
EVERY LOT A BARGAIN.
$2J5— 60x100; bank sales: $10 cash, $5 month.
$Sso— -45x100; snap; cost $1400 at auction.
$1600—40x100; near Telegraph aye.; close in.
$2500—50x125; home lot, near llth and Frank-
lin.
$3000— central business corner; estate;
snap.
$3250—50x100; central; refused $5000; prospect-
ive.
$40 ft.— 125x100; beautiful central residence lo-
cation.
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTIES.
$100,000--Formerly $125,000; estate; pays 5 net.
Magnificent brick block; fine invest-
ment. «
$15,000— Alameda; refused $20,000 pay 7 net.
$7000— New brick building: rents $40.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
Offices 460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
A—SO PAGE catalogue of ranches and city
homes; most reliable land office ln the State:
before you buy or loan your money on Cali-
fornia real estate, get my opinion of Its
value. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oak-
land.
OAKLAND FURMSHED HOUSES
FULLY furnished house, 6 rooms, gas and coal
ranges; low to adults. 1463 Twenty-third aye.,
East Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
ELEGANT front bay-window suite, suitable for
doctor; large lawn. 715 Eighth at., Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELDERLY gentleman, lady or Invalid, to room
and board; Beulah Park; every comfort: 2 ln
family; perfect climate; no fogs. E. E.
•.i'K. '."■* Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FUR-.ITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, th*
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL jTATE.
$350— House of 2 rooms; good well, wind-
mill and tank; lot 50x130: all fenced; a great
bargain; owner Is going to Alaska; see this at
once. . *:*:'■-*.
$700— Cottage of 4 rooms and basement; 5
chicken houses, 1 pigeon house; good well and
force pump; lot 50x150; fenced and croßsfenced.
$1200— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath; 7
ft. basement; good well, barn and chicken
house; lot 50x146; see this for a bargain.
$1500 Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; mantel,
high basement; small barn; lot 35x370; a fore-
closure; bargain; $200 cash, balance same as
rent.
$1800—3 acres of sandy loam with house of 3
rooms; barn, chicken houses, hog pens, gocd
well and pump; flne place for raising chickens.
$2200— Cottage of 4 rooms and bath; barn; 5
chicken houses, 100 chickens, 1 cow. 1 horse,
harness and wagon; choice fruit trees and
shrubbery; lot 150x140; all fenced.
A good opportunity to buy or trade business
property fronting electric cars, consisting of 3
acres; rich soil, with house of 7 rooms; large
barn; flne well, windmill and tank; owner will
sell on easy terms or exchange for city prop-
erty; Investigate this; sure chance to make
money. For particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station, Cal.
TERRY WALL, 630 Market St., S. F.
$300— A 3-room house and lot near school; flne
view; good water and level.
$550— A 2-room house; large lot; 60x180;
4 blocks from local station.
3-room house; nice yard and garden; 3
blocks from station.
(SOO— A 3-room house; flne yard and cement
walks around house and in front. - . -/.
5-room house and barn and chicken
houses: large lot: frontage on 2 streets; fine
place for the chicken business.
-S-room house; lot 80x158; fine yard; ln
the best part of Frultvale; 5 minutes' walk
from the local station; see this bargain.
J. W. ELROD,
The Home Building Co. office near Frultvale
station.
LARGE level lots, $400: only $25 down: street
work done; sewers, water, gas, flne school
close by; near railroad station and Oakland
' electric line: half-hourly trains to city; 5c
fare; glorious climate; build a home to suit
yourself: easy payments: no city taxes. SYN-
DICATE INVESTMENT CO.. Frultvale sta.
1
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 96 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after Fri-
day, SeDtember 1, 1899. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, August 26, 1.99, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Sebastian B. Kress and Flora Besthorn — 36-49
Edward S. Glass and Elinor Cox 30-24
Thomas J. Marnell and Susie E. Butcher.. .27-23
William A. Cornell and Lulu Duffy 26-24
Timothy S. Twigg and Kate Donnelly 22-20
Louis Tavel and Gustofver E. Engman 37-38
Robert E. Dolan and Malvina Remillard. .23-18
S. C. Johnson Jr. and Lulu C. Snyder 24-24
Einar Bjorn and Jaunatta Hickman 47-29
Otto R. Winter and Louise E. Slater 27-18
Randolph Thompson and Amelia Meyer... .29-27
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— HEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COOPER— In this city, to the wife of Michael
COOPER— In this city, to the wife of Michael
Cooper, a son. .
HANRETTY— In this city, August 25, 1599, to
the wife of Thomas Hanretty, a son.
HARTJE— In this city, August 26. 1899, to the
wife of F. Hartje, a son.
REICHLING— In this city, August 20. 1899, to
, the wife of Caspar Reichling, a son.
REID— In this city, July 10. 1899. to the wife
of Albert J. Reid, a daughter.
WALL— In this city, • August 19. 1899, to the
wife of Charles J. Wall, a daughter.
WILLIAMS— In this city, August 14, 1899. to the
wife of S. H. Williams, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BIRD— HOWARD— In this city, August 21, 1899,
by the Rev. Dr. Stebbins. F. E. Bird and A.
E. Howard.
WHELAN— ELLIOT— In this city. August 23,
1-..D, at the home of the bride's mother, Wil-
liam L. Wheian and Maude M. Elliot. _. :,.
DITTMANN-In El Paso. Texas, Au-
gust 22. IS9S, by the Rev. Dr. French, Fred-
eriok Wohn of Mexico and Louise Mancher
Dlttmann of San Francisco.
~~~ DIED.
"~_)IED.
Abrahamson. Anora Mayle. Nellie
Adelsdorfer. airs. J. Mi ii *, Antonio J.
Baker. Katherine Miller. Mollte E.
Coleman. Dennis P. Moody. Julia
Danforth. George S. Muller, Frederick C.
Davis. Mrs. Leila S. Olsen, Amund O.
Doran, Catherine Pennycook, John
Dunn. Jane L. Peterson. Idella M.
Flynn, Mrs. Mary Phelan. Maria
Gallacher. John Poore. Margaret 3.
Grant. Agnes F. Romer, Lillian .
Hlnkle. Dr. John M. Bhreve. Matilda W.
' Kean, William *-.'_■-•' Ward. Lawrence A. '■
Lynn, Maggie }Xh**l'*n- M-Sry, -
McDonald. James C. lnthrop. Paul
Mahran. Edward F. Zerga, Stephen
Matter. Jacob '.: -
ABRAHAMSON— In Alameda. August 26, 188*.
Anora B. Abrahamson, beloved mother or
Mrs. Charlotte Swan and Frank B. and John
A. Abrahamson, and mother-in-law of Fred-
crick Swan, a native of Gottenburg, Sweden,
aged 68 years 9 months and 2 days.
[C7Friends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday. ,
August 29, at 11 o'clock, from the residence.
1718
610 Taylor avenue. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery*
ADEI-SDORFER-In San Luis Obispo. August
24. 1899, Mrs. Jeanette Adelsdorfer, mother of
Mrs. B. Conston and Mrs. E. Loobllner. a
native of Frankfort. Germany, aged <S year-
7 months and 5 days.
BAKER— In the City and County Hospital,
August 25, 1899. Katherine Baker, a native of
Irelar.d. aged 50 years.
COLEMAN In this city. August 25. 1899, Den-
nis P.. beloved son of Daniel and the late
Abbie Coleman, and brother of John and Dan-
iel Coleman, a native of San Francisco, aged
23 years B months and 1" days.
E-fFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Mondavi, at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 119 Juniper street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul at
9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DANFORTH— In Oakland, August * 26, 1899,
George S., beloved husband of Susie D. Dan-
forth. and father of Alice G. and Harry D.
Danforth. a native of Boscawen, N. H., aged
72 years 3 months and 20 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Mondavi, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1358 Brush street, Oakland. Interment
private.
DAVIS— In this city, August 26. 1599, Mrs.
Leila Stevenson Davis, wife of R. D. Davis.
and sister of Mrs. Dr. J. W. Stltt. Mrs. Frank
H. Buck. Mrs. Henry A. Heilbron. Mrs. Dr.
S. Terrill and Andrew Stevenson.
lETFuneral at A'acaville to-morrow (Mon-
day), at 2 o'clock.
DORAN— In this city. August 26. 1899. Cather-
ine, relict of the late William Doran. and
beloved mother of F. 8., J. R.. D. G.. R. H.
and Teresa Doran, Mrs. J. J. McLaughlin.
Mrs. William Maxwell and Mrs. J. Watson.
a native of County Meath, Ireland, aged 63
years 6 months and 11 days.
[□""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Mondavi, st in o'clock, /rom her late resi-
dence, 1009 Pacific street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
DUNN— In this city, August 23. 1899, Jane L..
beloved wife of James Dunn, and mother of
Ritchie L., Jane T .. Mary L. and James C.
Dunn, a native of Paisley, Scotland, aged 47
years and 7 months.
E_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
<Sundavi. at 2:30 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence. IMS Hyde street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. Please omit* flowers.
FLYNN— in Oakland. August 24. 1599. Mrs.
Mary Flynn. beloved sister -of Mrs. J. W.
Powers, a native of Ireland, aged €3 years.
(Lowell, Mass., papers please copy.)
E"*""The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:3-. o'clock, from St. Peter's
Church, Alabama street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, Slim Francisco. In-
terment private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GALLACHER— In Victoria, B. C. August 16,
1899, John Gallacher, beloved brother of Mrs.
J. C. McCauley. a native of Glasgow, Scot-
land, aged 49 years.
E__**Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday). at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission btreet. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
BOILERMAKERS and Iron Shipbuilders of
America, San Francisco Lodge No. 25. and
Lodge No. WIS, are requested to assemble at
the parlors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission
street, at 10 o'clock sharp, this day (Sun-
day), to attend the funeral of our late
brother, John Gallacher. Fines for non-at-
tendance. By order of E. PAYNE. Pres.
H. McNESBY, Rec. Sec.
GRANT— In this city. August 26, 1599. Agnes
Frances, dearly beloved daughter of James S.
and Mary Grant, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 months and 13 days.
HINKLE— Oakland, August 26, -1899. Dr.
John Mortimer Hinkle, beloved husband of
Elizabeth V Hinkle, and father of Mrs. Eve-
lyn Hinkle Ames, a native of Carlisle. Ind.,
aged 72 years 4 months and 12 days. (In-
diana and Illinois papers please copy.)
[T_>**Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence, 1504 Franklin street Oakland. Inter-
ment private. Mountain View Cemetery*
KEAN— In Dayton. Nev., August 26. 1899. Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Jennie Kean.
LYNN— In this city, August 26, 1899, "Maggie.
beloved daughter of Ellen and the late James
Lynn, and sister of Sister Mary Anthony of
Grass Valley, Cal., and Kittle, Helena, The-
resa and James Lynn, a native of California,
aged 17 years.
•TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 73 Holly avenue, thence to St.
John's church (formerly Old St. Mary's Col-
lege) for services, commencing at 2 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McDONALD— this city. August 24. 1899,
James C. beloved husband of Christine Mc-
Donald, and father of John A . James J. and
Robert F." McDonald, Mrs. M. A. AVhitelaw,
Mrs. M. Haves. Mrs. S. Schroder and the late
Daniel McDonald and Mrs. L. Lucler. a na-
tive cf Ireland, aged 76 years 9 months and
24 da:
The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 217 Cortland avenue. Interment pri-
vate, In Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAHRAN-In this city, August 35, 1899, Ed-
ward F.. beloved son of Hannah and the lati
James Mahran. and brother of Mrs. W. H.
Carter and James and the late John R.
Mahran, a native of San Mateo County, Cal.,
aged 32 years.
(CT- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 728 Fourteenth street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will he celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing: at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
NOTICE Members of Ahwashte Tribe No. S9,
I. O. R. M. : You are hereby notified to meet
at Twin Peaks Hall. Seventeenth and Noe
streets, this day (Sunday), at 9 o'clock, to
attend the funeral of Brother Ed Mahran.
WILLIAM REID, Sachem.
T. CARROL, Chief of Records.
MATTER— In this city. August 26. IS??, Jacob,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Matter, and
father of Robert. Nicholas. Herman and Liz-
zie Matter, a native of Switzerland, aged 56
years.
MAYLE— In this city. August 24. 1899. Nellie.
beloved daughter of Charles and Catherine
Mayle, and sister of Fred, John and George
Mayle, a native of California, aged 22 years
and 7 months.
(!_____?■ Friends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4333 Twenty-fifth street, between Dia-
mond and Douglass. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by carriage.
MEDEIROS— In Oakland. August 25, 1899. An-
tonio J. Medelros, commonly known as Tony
Williams, beloved son of Antonio Enos-Rose,
and brother of Manuel, Mary and Lizzie Me-
el- ir.s, a native of Oakland, aged .1 years 6
months and 8 days.
E_7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at i o'clock, at his
late residence. 1663 Atlantic street, thence
to St. Joseph's Portuguese Church, where a
reaulem m-iss will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
MILLER— this city. August 25, 1899, at her
residence, 2411*4 Howard street. Moliie EL,
beloved wife of W. C. Miller, and daughter of
Patrick and Ann Smith of Cloverdale, a na-
tive of California, aged .4 years.
CThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the Church of
Bt. Charles Borromeo, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul. Interment private.
MOODY— In this city, August 25, 1899, Julia,
wife of W. J. Moody, and sister of Cora B.
and Lillian l>essln, a native of Washington,
aped 40 years 6 months and 20 days.
MULLER— In this city, August 23, 1899, Fred-
crick C, beloved son of Johanna Louisa Mul-
ler. a native of New York, aged 53 years 7
months and IS days. A member of George H.
Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R. ; Veterans' Na-
tional Guard of California, and California
Schuetzen Club.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 1 o'clock, from the post's |
rooms, 320 Poet street, where funeral serv-
ices will be held under the auspices of ■
George H. Thomas Post No. 2. G. a. R. Re- j
mains at the funeral parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment National Cemetery,
Presidio.
VETERANS N. G. C. will meet at their head-
quarters at 1:15 o'clock, to attend the funeral
of their late comrade. Fred C. Muller.
GEORGE R. SANDERSON. Commander.
JAMES PENNYCOOK. Adjutant.
OLSEN— In this city, Aug. 23. 1899, Amund Olal,
beloved husband of Maren M. Olsen, and
father of Mrs. Carrie J. Jensen, a native of
Bergen. Norway, aped 63 years and 6 months.
(Chicago, 111., papers please copy."
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of j
the California Undertaking Company, 405 !
Powell street, corner of Post.
PENNYCOOK— In Berkeley. August 25, 1899,
John, beloved husband of Anna* Pennycook,
brother of James. Washington. Margaret and
William G. Pennycook, and father of John,
Wallace, Isabella. Thomas and Robert Penny-
cook. a native of New York City, aged 66
years and 10 months.
C3>" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday,) at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence !
of his brother, 922 Florida street, San Fran-
cisco
PETERSON— this city, August 25, 1899,
Idella M.. beloved twin daughter of George
W. and Mary Peterson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 10 months and 16 days.
PHELAN— In this city, August 26, IS?9, Maria,
beloved wife of John Phelan. mother of Mm
nic Phelan. and sister-in-law of Peter Phe-
lan a native of Stradbally, Queens County,
Ireland, aged 70 years.
POORE— In this city, August 26. 1899, Margaret
J beloved wife of J. O. Poore. and mother
of' Elmer Edna and James Poore arid Mrs.
Lord Lyndon of Los Oatoa, a native of Ken-
tucky, aged 55 years and 14 days.
ROMEK-In this city, August 2.1. 1899, Lillian,
beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Hernia..
Romer and sister of Otto, Jules, Herman
HENRY J. GALLAGHER C 0. ,.
fßnece-Mi- to Flanagan * Galla»_e**).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
and Charlotte Romer, a native of Illinois,
aged IS years and 3 months. (Peoria and Chi-
cago, 111., and Lima, Ohio, papers please
copy.)
o__TThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 226 Oak street. Interment Cy-
i press Lawn Cemetery.
1 BHREVE — In Alameda, Matilda W.. beloved
wife of George W. Shreve, and mother of
Minerva C. Mary S., Matilda W., Ella M.,
Ruth T. and Frank D. Shreve, a native of
Virginia, aged 47 years and 5 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this da*
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the M. E.
Church South, Santa Clara avenue and Chest-
nut street. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. .
WARD— this city. August 24, 1899, Lawrence
Aloyslus, beloved son of Denis and Margaret
Ward, a native of . San Francisco, aged 5
months and 20 days.
WHELAN— In this city, August 26, 1899. Mary
AVhelan, beloved sister of Ellen Delaney, a
native of Queens County, Ireland, aged 66
years.
WINTHROP— In this city, August 26, 1899,
Paul, beloved son of Margaret and Isaac
AVlnthrop, aged 1 year 1 month and 6 days.
ZERGA— In Oakland. August 24, 1899, Stephen,
beloved husband of Onorata Zerga, father of
Llllie __«*rga. brother-in-law of L. Messina,
and uncle of John and Mary Messina of Oak-
land and John and Jennie Gardclla of El
Dorado County, a native of Italy, aged 67
years. (Placerviile and South Dakota papers
please copy.)
B__T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1014 Seventh street. Interment at Oak-
land.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J G Conkling, S Jose 'Miss E Hamilton, N T
J Furnald. NY O Kaiser, N V
Mrs Furnald, N V Miss Herlne, N V
B X Fraser. Eng Miss Brown. London
A Lightail, England J H Bufleen, Chicago
W Tlllotson, Redding 111 A Buffeen, Chicago
Mrs Moorehead. N 7J.1 R Pollock, Yokohama
A G Mason. S Diego Mrs Baker, London
D Collier, San Diego Mr Bird, London
J L Dekani. Korea Col Collis. London
H Richards, Sydney F Hood, Los Ang
W Bartholemen, Lndn Mr Carrington. Lndon
Miss B Bucklln. N V Mrs Carrington, Lndn
D L Wilson. London IE C Hamilton. N V
Miss Sinclair, London J R Pierce. N V
W Wills. London F J Field. Monterey
Miss Wills, London C Bale. N V
W Heffernan, Yuma Mrs Dale, N V
H X Calder, Wash Mrs Moshnelll, Spkne
R G Windle. England Miss H Smyth, S Lrnz
A R Shoemake, Mdsto'Mrs Chlarlnl. Frultvle
Miss B Klnncan.Mdsto W Seward, Sydney
R M Smith. Phlla Mrs Seward. Sydney
Mrs R Smith, Phlla A L Bixby, Watsonvle
Miss G A Smith, Phila D Cormlld, Spokane
I G Hamilton. N V Q Coventry, N V
Mrs I G Hamilton, NY Mrs G Coventry. N V
Miss G Hamilton, N V M Weinrich. Oakland
R A Eddy, Montana W H Neison, Montreal
Mrs R A Eddy, do B C Nelson, do
M M Irving Riverside E S Allen. N Dak
W J MelntVTe, Cal E V Kelly, Fresno
W T Barrett, Mexico T E Miller. N Dak
M C Wilson. Arizona B F Spalding, do
H Creighton. Arizona G J Rowan. Los Ang
Dr W Churchman, do Mrs X Wilbur. B C
H C Smith, Stanford P J McCumber. N Dak
R G McCraken. do D Wakefield. B C
A D Parker, do Mrs Wakefield, R C
W E Reynolds, Cal W S Saunders. Fresno
V A Scheller San Jose Mrs Saunders. Fresno
Dr H C Bowie. Col J 11 Allen. Col
C F Curry, Sacto Mrs Sterling, Oakland
Mrs T A Hays. Cal I Miss Sterling. Oakland
Miss Betting New Mcx H Sux, San Jose
H Carpenter, Cal Mrs Sux, San Jose
J R Hugger, Ky G E Jensen, Alameda
W H Remington, Wsh A E Redstone. Cal
T T Williams, Cal J F Daly, Eureka
Mrs Williams, Cal J Jensen, Alameda
Miss Williams. Cal Mrs Jensen. Alameda
E Mills. Cal C Q Mcßrlde. San Jose
Mrs Mills. Cal Mrs Mcßrlde. Cal
E T Earle. Cal Miss Mcßrlde, Cal
Mrs Earle. Los Ang M Thomas. San Jose
Mrs Schlzler, Portland Mrs Thomas. San Jose
Miss Schlzler, do EL Barkis, Oakdale
E J Patterson. N Dak Mrs Barkis. Oakdale
H J Small. Sacto D W X Davis. S Jose
J 11 Small, Sacto lE P Lion, San Jose
G P Dunham. Mont IT C Copeland, L Ang
Mrs G P Dunham & J T Riven. S Mateo
son. Mont Mrs J T Riven. 6 Mat
Miss A Humphreys.Cal R H Stevens. N V
C J Kuhn, Ind Mrs R H Stevens, N V
J Daniels, London IG W Richards. Cal
T B Riley, Stanford Mrs G W Richards.Cal
F Cutting. Oakland G P Truslnger, Cal
Mrs F Cutting, Oakld;F Green. San Rafael
T Sunderland, L Ang Mrs F Green S Rafael
J E Wenck, N Orleans' J M Braley. Fresno
D Campbell, L Ang M A Pealer Sacto
Mrs I. J Stern, Berlin! Miss D Petrle, Sacto
Miss Stern, Berlin A May, Los Angeles
G A Ziegler. Herlin Ir Osl-orn. Los Ang
DC Trent, Salt Lake I J II O'Connor. Mont
T Kohley, San Diego *G H Appel. Sacto
Mrs T Kohley. S Diego AY Diggs. Woodland
O D Stern. San Jose Mrs W Diggs. Woodld
Mrs 0 D Stern, S Jose E B Ward, Oroville
H S Kinsell. S Jose H O McClure, Cal
Mrs H S Kinsell, San J P Jameson, Cal
Jose Mrs F Rhodes, Sacto
II F Hubbs, Denver Mrs E G Frazer. Sacto
G H Appel, Denver Mrs L .J Fraser, Sacto
T G Germing. N J C P Beckwlth. Sacto
Mrs T G Gennlng. N J Mrs C M Hunter. San
F G Gantner. Cal I Rafael
c M Hunter, S Rafael 'Miss M Moran, Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
C Batte, Stockton IH Dennlcke. Vallejo
L Marve, Stockton !Dr J M Blodgett, Cal
C B Bagley, Cal G T Peter, Chicago ,
C M Wooster, S Jose G W Peltlre _ w. Sac
T Holllngway, Cal L a Cobb, Marysville
W E Guthrie. Omaha Miss Rothenbush, Cal
Mrs L Wheeler, Ohio Mrs F W Strand. Cal
Mrs G Tiffany. Ohio Mrs W D Gossard, Cal
W B Ambrose. Cal C X Foster, Cal
0 Ambrose, Cal T Webster. Martinez
A Ambrose, Cal J Elliot, Martinez
H B Shackelford, Cal A J Costello, Vallejo
J W McClusky, L AH Barker Jr. Cal
W Bademan, Sacto J R Rutman, Cal
W Hollingberry. Cal J Ross Jr. Cal
W W Durham & w.Cal Miss Boggs. Colusa
R Q Billon, 8 Jose Miss S Burdt, R Bluff
Mrs Billon, San Jose JW Brown, New York
L Dearth, Los Ang J P Snyder, Cal
N M Cogswell, Cal G M Pock & w, Cal
T H Ransom. R Bluff D D Corcoran & w.Cal
L D Jacks, Red Bluff J Kullman, Benicia
L A Blaslngame & w, D W Hart, Beneicla
Cal I" B Ward, Oroville
R T Oliver, Cal I J C Tiee, Oro»ill«
H D Lawson, Oroville!
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G O'Donnell. NY ,G R Nickel's & wf,
J H Grande. Manila ' Paso Robles
J Allison & w. Crocket O F Graff & w, Sacto
R J Armstrong, Sutter F W Soule, Montana
J J Heidallng. Sutter C A Payne, Portland
A L Gould. San Jose J Clancy, Fresno
W F Graham & wf, H P Buell, Fresno
Gnernevllle X Downing, S Rosa
A Chandler, Stockton IE Pone*', Colfax
H W Ogg. Sacto F H Bardin. Reno
R Britton, Marysville IW E Empey, N V
W Hall. Oakdale I
POLITICIAN GOULD
SEEKING A DIVORCE
HE CHARGES HIS WIFE WITH
CRUELTY.
CRUELTY.
Complaint Filed by His Attorneys,
William H. Alford and Gavin
McNab — Allega
tions Are Made.
Frank H. Gould, lawyer and politician,
filed suit yesterday for a divorce from his
wife, Mrs. N. Gould. Cruelty is alleged
as the cause of action. William H. Alford
and Gavin McNab, also well known in the
political arena, appear as counsel for the
plaintiff.
In the complaint numerous specific in
stances of cruelty are cited. Although
some of the most intimate friends of the
principals have been aware that they were
not living happily together of late, still
the news of the divorce proceedings will
occasion considerable surprise among the
majority of their acquaintances.
■ ♦ ■
INSECTICIDE POISON.
Coroner Hill Does Not Believe the
Ptomaines Caused Mrs.
Dunn's Death.
Coroner Hill held an inquest yesterday
morning into the cause of the death of
Mrs. Jane L. Dunn of 1218 Hyde street.
The Jury returned a verdict of accidental
death. Dr. Boericke explained to the Cor
oner that he had not reported the case
to the Morgue because he had been in at- |
tendance on the deceased for more than
forty-eight hours and did not know that
under the circumstances he would be re
quired to make a report.
On account of the body having been em
balmed there was no opportunity to make
an autopsy to determine the cause of '
death. The Coroner is of the opinion that
some insecticide preparation had been
placed on the cantaloupe eaten by the
family and that the poison was absorbed
by the soft fruit.
Mr. Dunn, the husband of the deceased
was reported out of danger yesterday af
ternoon.
■ ♦ »
SHOULD TRY THE COURTS.
City Attorney Lane Advises Super-
visors Upon the Maclean Claim.
City and County Attorney Franklin K.
Dane yesterday sent to the Board of Su
pervisors a note saying that the claims
against the xity of the Maclean Hospital
and Dr. M. H. Logan should be referred
to the courts. The Maclean Hospital
claims 55845 50 from the city for the de
struction by f\re of an annex used by the
Board of Health as a pesthouse. Dr. Lo
gan's claim of $500 is for the destruction
of a top buggy, harness and robes at the
same time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 27, 1899,
Humors of the Oakland Track as Caught by a Call Comic Kodak Artist.
THREE CHOICES
WERE BEATEN
AT OAKLAND
Opening Day Golden
Gate Fair.
THE RUNNERS HAD AN INNING
THE HEAVILY BACKED NOVIA
FINISHED THIRD.
Eddie Jones Carried Off the Riding
Honors — Finished First on
Three Occasions —
Contested Races.
A very* fair-sized crowd of racegoers at
tended the opening of the Golden Gate
Fair Association's race meet at Oakland
track yesterday. The programme con
sisted entirely of running events, the har
ness horses being kept in the background
until next week. The fair sex was well
represented In the grand stand, and no
doubt the attendance would have been
much larger had the meeting been more
extensively advertised.
There was no dearth of racing material,
I the six races all being well filled. Eddie
; Jones carritd off the saddle honors by
piloting The Echo, Engea and The Buf-
I foon, all favorites In the betting, past the
; judges in front. In the other events Pol-
I ish, at 12 to 1,- and Roadrunner, with odds
of 7 to 1 about him, pulled the books out
more than even. Mike Rice, a second
! choice, captured his race in commanding
fashion.
J. \V. Brooks, handicapper for the Cali
! fornia Jockey Club, acted as presiding
I judge. With a fractious lot of riders to
contend with, the starting of Dick Havey
! gave perfect satisfaction.
| The sport began with a five-furlong
scramble for maiden two-year-olds. Re-
port had The Echo, a nicely turned daugh
ter of Imp. Artillery', going great guns in
her work, and she was in big demand at
short odds. There was nothing to it from
the start, the filly winning in a romp.
Sunello took the place handily enough
from My Gypsy. The winner is a candi
date for and undoubtedly has a Very rosy
chance to win the rich Futurity stake,
soon to be decided at Sacramento.
Sold to the Elmwood stock farm some
months ago for a twenty-dollar piece,
Engea finally won a race. Meeting a
trashy assortment of maidens In a six
furlong run which followed, she was
played from threes to 8 to 5 favoritism,
and won all the way. Driving hard for
the place, Somls led Lomo out less than ;
a length. |
The tip on Hohenlohe made that horse
a sizzling hot favorite for the third num
ber, but he failed utterly to run to ex-
pectations. Frawley managed to get Pol
ish away In the lead and fairly spread-
eagled his field. Chihuahua, on whicn
there- was an extensive play, downed the
flrst choice for place honors.
Eight more maiden two-year-olds faced
the barrier in the sprint following, with
The Buffoon an even-money chance. Hali-
fax, an 8 to 1 shot, looked a winner at the
stretch turn, but closed up. and the favor-
ite won ridden out from Expedient.
About the hardest dump the crowd re-
ceived was the unlooked for defeat of
Novia. The big bettors unloosened when S
the fifth race came around, and the odds j
against the mare were hammered down |
from 2 to 1 to 4 to 5. She had been espe
cially primed and prepared for the occa
sion, but could never get to the front. I
Eddie Jones, on the second choice, Mike !
Rice, was away first, and never headed I
■won handily from Major Cook. The fa- i
vorite finished in the show.
Young Henry may be a "comer," but he I
.made very botchy work of it in the sad-
dle with the leg up on Ringmaster in the
final mile run. The boy covered all the
ground he could find, and on plainly the I
best horse finished third. Old Lovda'l was
made an even-money chance, but was out-
footed and beaten a length by Roadrun- I
ncr, ridden by Macklin.
MORE GAME VIOLATORS.
D. E. Allison Arrested for Having
Wild Grouse in His Pos-
Wild Grouse in His Pos-
session.
If the precedents of high fines for those
who violate the game laws established by
the Police Judges of this city are to be
followed, another dealer in game is fated
to pay dearly for his offense. The party's
name is D. E. Allison, who conducts a
: commission house on Front street, near
I Washington. Yesterday he was arrested
j by Deputy Game and Fish Commissioner
Charles A. Vogelsang for having grouse
;in his possession out of season. Allison
i had just received a bag of these birds
| from Red Rock. Lassen County, and when
he was taken into custody he pretended
to be very indignant, claiming that the
game was sage hens.
* Even if the deputy had acquiesced that
the birds were sage hens the dealer would
still be in a bad fix, for the sage hen or
sage cock is of the grouse family, and
the law does not make any distinction as
to the different varieties of the family,
all being protected alike until the open
season, which begins on September 1. It
Is believed that the Police Judges will
keep up the pace they have set in the
matter of severely punishing all offenders.
■ ♦ ■
International Tennis.
NIAGARA-ON-THE-LAKE, Ontario,
Aug. 2C— championship round was
played in the international tennis tourna
ment this afternoon. R. D. Little of
Princeton followed up his good work of
yesterday and defeated W. S. Bond. last
year's international champion, after five
sets. In the ladies' championship Miss
Parker won from Miss Champlaln after
five sets in the finals. The tournament
will be continued Monday.
Candelaria /Wins in England.
LONDON, Aug. 26.— At the Hurst Park
Club August meeting to-day Candelaria,
ridden by L. Reiff , won the Harewood
handicap. Rampion was second and Ulti
matum third, in a field of eight.
TWELVE HORSES BURNED.
Stables, Stores and Houses Destroyed
in the Western Addition.
A blaze causing a loss of property to the
value of about $25,000 occurred last even
ing in the Western Addition. It started
in the West End stables on California
street, between Fillmore and Stelner, and
before the Fire Department could reach
the place In response to an alarm from j
box 216 the structure and contents were I
almost totally destroyed. From the stable I
the flames spread to the three-story frame I
building, occupied as flats, which is owned j
by E. F. Preston, the attorney. The
stores on the ground floor were gutted and
the structure above was so badly damaged j
as to necessitate rebuilding.
Another stable on the opposite side to i
the one flrst mentioned, owned by C.
Greaver, was also badly damaged. A
heavy wind carried the flre into the resi
dence of Mrs. Asher of 2511 Sacramento
street, burning the rear part badly. A
residence adjoining, . No. 2513 Sacramento
street, was also considerably burned. So
fierce was the blaze that It swung around
to both ends of the stables and completely
shut off ecape for the horses that were
kept there, and as a result about a dozen
fine horses were burned to death. How
the fire started Is not known. The West
ern Addition Fire Department men did
excellent service in checking the blaze as
quickly as they did. , :•; ■
» ♦ ■
Yesterday's Insolvent.
R. Diller of Chico, merchant, $66,225 56;
assets, $34,310. XIrX.X
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
, FARE ........ .....r ......500
OCEAN VEI*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Il Steamers leave Broadway
fflfcj^ wharf, San Francisco.
VsSSSflhk -For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
H_BB-B-____ August 19, 24. 29, September 3.
■ST ____________ change at Seattle.
JRWBjWI For Victoria. Vancouver CD.
B_\g_______tl____\\a C.) Port Townsend, Seattle.
' P^t^mSßa Tacoma, Everett, Ana^ortes
*' and New Whatcom (Wash*.
'-'•'- ™10 a. m. August 19, 24, 29.
September 3, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.:
nt Vancouver to C. r. Ky.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. August
17 22. 27. September 1, and every fifth day
th_rorafSanta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cavucof. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gav"ota Santa Barbara. Ventura Hueneme
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.. August 20. 24. .28. September
1 and every fourth day thereafter.
'For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
LoY Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) 11 a.
m August 18. 22. K. 30. September 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Caho Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
mForh'iurther Information obtain folder
The company r. .erves the right to chaw
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
fl-j Virtu ■*-•*■* of f Mp_r.
TICKET OFFICE—4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). _____ _ _ ...
GOODALL, PKRKINB * g^g|^fe
. THE 8. R. &N. CO.
©IBPATCH FAST STEAMERB T©
©IBPATCH FAST STEAMERS T_
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE SI2 First Claee Including Bert*
rAnC $8 Second Claee and Moals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails ................
Aug. 26. Sept. ■->
C_L_i_BlA 'sails Aug. 21. 31. Sept 10
COLUMBIA 'sa-*8 Aug- -?1',31' Se,Et',l,lo
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS <_ CO.,
Superintenijents.
AMERICAN LINE.
VtW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis August 30 1 St. Louis Sept. 20
St. Paul Sept. 6 St. Paul Sept. 27
New York..... ".Sept. 13 New York ..Oct. 4
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland Aug. 30 Kensington — Sept. 20
Southwark Sept. 6 Nordland Sept. 27
Westernland ..Sept. 13 [Friesland Oct. 4
EMPIRE .LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVF WHARF, COR-
ncr First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hicgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. September 12
AMERICA MARU Friday. October 6
HONGKONG MARU Wednesday, Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offico.
421 Market St.. cor. First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
©HflBMttRR-S S. S. Alameda sails
■ HNS-! vla Honolulu and
•B. Auckland for Sydney
M _— „^ Wednesday, Septem-
•*3^*****|_* A ber 6. at 10 p. m.
NtMrn*.hint) The S. S. Australia
C)lC(lll!illlU'-/ sails for Honolulu
HSmFfflß/J-** Wednesday. Septem-
r- ... »V||]lC!(JlCfcr ber 20. at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
! Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India. Suez.
1 England, etc.; $610 first class.
i. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., ; 14 Montg omen
; Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
COMPAONIE OENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
i DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <?Tj7vi_J'N
'' from Pier 42, North River, foot of *•**■*.-*"—- -
I Morton st. LA TOUUAINE. Sept. 2; LA
CHAMPAGNE, F—t. 9: LA GASCOGNE, Sept.
I 16; LA BRETAGNE. Sept. 23; LA TOURAINE.
: Sept. 30. First-class to Havre, $65 and up-
; ward 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction
■. on r und trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
' UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
. way (Hue* in building). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery aye.. San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Down East
VIA THE
via THE
"810 FOUR"
THE ROUTE OF THE
FAMOUS
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL.
FINEST SERVICE EVER
OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side
: THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST. LOUiS
NEW YORK AND BOSTON
Via New York Central.
Through Sleepers to Washington.
reaching all the health and
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
VIRGINIA.
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE,
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE,
** KG. p. a, * aa. a,
St. Lon la. Cincinnati.
WARREN J. LYNCH,
Ctoneral Passenger and Ticket Agent,
Cincinnati. O.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Via Sauialite Ferry.
Comenclng- April 23, 1899. •
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, «8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ;
•1:45. 3:20, 4:00,. **6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
.SUNDAYS— *B:OO, **9:00. •10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. m.: 1:00. '1:45. «-2:30, »4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (♦) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:25. *6:40. 7:55, 8:40. »10:20
a. m.; 12:30. 2:15; *3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:00. *8:00, »9:45, •10:45. *11:4._
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20, *3:30, »5:15, •6:00, 7:00, 10:15
P. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:45, 6:50. 7:55, 8:55, 10:35
a. m. : 12:35, 2:45, 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
• SUNDAYS — 8:00. 10:00. 11:10 a. m. 12:05,
1:20. 2:40 3:55, 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
, • THROUGH TRAINS. —
7:00 a. m. "week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and. way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
EAZLROAD TRAVEL.
. HOITHKRN PACIFIC COMPAICT.
Act no SYBT«_K.)
—rains leave nn<l*i-.-'tn «l«ic» to iirrlvs m.
SA-** FItANCIMCO.
- . (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) '
leave — From August 2, 1899. — arrits
7:00 a Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . _»_.•» j?
7:WOa Marysville, Oroville and Redding vis >
Woodland 8:45p
7»00a Elmira, Vacaville and Rumsey 8:30p
7:*N»a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa, '
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 0:151-
- Atlantic Express, Ogden and East.. -i-3_
Mi.lOa San Jose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placerviile,
Mnrysville, Chico, Red Muff 4:l„_>
Bj'lOa 'Milton, Oakdale and f-onora *_:13r
8:30 a Yosemlte Valley via Oakdale and _
Chineso ,*•}%*
0:00 a Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 1-:_3a
0:00 a Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno l-filo
•iOOa Fresno, JlakereUeld Santa I'arbara,
Los Angeles. Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East g_H
10:00 a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7*45*
1 1 :00 a Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. * :15p
18:00 m Nileß, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
PcrtervUle V,!ir
•liOOp Sacramento ltlver Steamers **8:00p
8:00p Haywards, NiliO and Way Stations. o*43p
OiOOp Martinez, Kan Ramon, Vallejo.. •
Napa. Ca!i_*tiKH, Santa Rcsa BilOa
•___,. ottp Benicia, Vacaville, Sacraniento,
Woodland. Knights Landing,
MarysvUle, Oroville 1 0:4ft a
4iSOp Niles, San .lose Stockton 7:IJlp
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:1.1 r
O-ttOrTho Owl. Tracy, Fresno, Bake-a-
field, Saneus for Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles •«48a
JJ:BOp Stockton. Merced, Fresno 12*13*»
piSop Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno.
Mojave and Los Angeles B>49a
BiKOp Santa I'u Route, Atlantio Express
for Mojave and East 8:45p
•■OOp Chicago-San Francisco Special, Ogden
and i:aat B:fJop
• :00p Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7:4 a
•8:00 1» Vallejo 12:10?
}7_oor VaUeJo. Port Costs and Way Sta-
tions- 59:3.1 p
9-«*3r Oregon Express, HacraTTieuto. Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland. Puget
Hound and East 8:184
COAST DIVISION (Narrow liange).
(Foot of M-irkct Street.)
' |7t49A Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Wcy Stations JS:O3p
BilBANewark,Centervillc,SanJose,Felton,
BoulderCreek.HantaCi-uzand Way
i Stations BiSOr
•3: 1 ftp Newark, CentcrvlUe. San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *>10:80 a
4:18p San Jose. Glcnwood and Way Sta-
tions 0:20 a
(4:1 ftp Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tions /9:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnn SIN rat NCISCO— Foot of Mirkel Street (Sin Si —
•7:15 8-00 11:00 A.M. 11:00 *2:00 t3:00
,♦4:00 ' tB:00 "e-OOr.M. •
Frim OXIUHD— root »rßro»(lwii'. — "6:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 «1:00 12:00 *3:00 ti'oo -S.Gflr.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townaend Sts.)
•0:1 Oa Ocean View. South han Francteco.. • *»0:30p
•6:IOa Ocean View. South ban Francit-co.. *0:30p
-- -v7:OOa San Josejftnd Way Stations (New
AlmsdeJ Wednesdays only) «_:oo__
27*80- Sunday Excursion for Santa Cruz,
Pncitic Grovo and Principal Way
Stations JB:33p
•iOOa San Jose. Tres Piuos, Kanta Cruz,
Pacllio drove. Paso Rubles, San
. — Luis Obispo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations 4ilop
I lOUOa San .lose and Way Stations... «:«.*» a
I 11:30 a San Jose and Way Stations l:<IOp
•2i4.1i- Sau Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lose.
HolUster, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Grove *10:3bA
*Bi3op San J"?'-. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations *7:30p
*4:18p San Joseand Principal Way Stations 0:45._
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:35 a
0:30p .San Jose and Principal Way Stations *0:OOa
6:30 r Ban Jose and Way Stations S:3op
1:4.1 San Jose an.l Way Stations t?;.10p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sunday excepted, t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
bSaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
XjE-SS-HI-S.
LESSEE
1 SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
, WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:33.'
j 3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
; at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
( and 11:30 p. m.
I SUNDAYS— 8:00, 3:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
; 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
i 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
i SUNDAYS—*:.., 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parli
lime schedule as above. *
Leave i Arrive
Ban Francisco. I In Effect San Francisco.
1 April 16, .
i Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
i Days. days. Destination. days.- Says.
! 7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pn_i 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am,
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm, 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 ana
Healdsburg',
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
1:80 pm 8:00 am G'.overdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am Hopland and 10:26 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 amil I { 10: am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pmi
; 8:30 pm( ] 6:20 pia
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pmj 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, j 6:05 pm) 6:20 pm
7:80 ami 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:26 am
8:30 pm 6:00 pm | 7:85 pm 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprlngs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Bprlngs; at Clovtcdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Bprlngs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
Bucknell' s, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle.
Boonevllle, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarro, Whttesboro. Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal. Wlllltts, Laytonville, Cum.;
Jnlng*s, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer*
Bcotla and Eureka.
» Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
San Trancisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES. "*.-l'-v.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 623
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara Street.
j THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28. 1599. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. I North-bound.
Passen-I Mixed. I Mixed. I Passen-
ger. Sunday! Stations. Sunday! ger.
Daily. lExc'ptdlI Exc'ptdl Exc'ptdl Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton I 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pra
10:40 am 6:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:69 am 6:25 pm , Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market St..
Ban Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23. 1899 *
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p in
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
- ing, arriving in San Francisco at 11-20
p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 3:30
■r'X* - ■ and * p.m.
Far* 8. F. to Summit and Return. $1 «0.
THOS COOK & SON. Agts., 621 Market it.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Turpentine marked down.
Silver and Exchange stand as before.
Wheat futures i-2c oft. Spot prices unchanged.
Barley continues dull and easy.
Large arrivals of Oats weaken the market. '
Corn and Rye still dull at the old prices.
Some inquiry for large white Beans,
Hay depressed under continued heavy receipts.
Potatoes and Onions continue to shade off.
Vegetables in abundant supply and cheap.
Another advance in Butter. Cheese and Eggs firm.
More Eastern Poultry due to-morrow.
Brisk demand for Fresh Fruits.
hirst Prunes of the season in from Sonoma County.
Provisions dull and unchanged.
Hide market strong, with an active demand.
Greatly diminished supply of B^-f in the United States.
Pork and Mutton continue firm.
Bank clearings show the usual weekly gain.
Decreased imports of specie.
Imports of Specie.
Imports of specie at this port during the first
seven months of the year amounted to $11,
--785.389, against $17. 327. 456 during the same time
last year, as follows; Gold bullion, $551,412;
gold coin. $9,943,904; silver bullion. $951,292;
silver coin. $338,681. Of these imports $9,254.
--813 came from Australia and $1,611,557 from
Mexico.
Australian Gold.
The Alameda brought up from Australia $1,
--217.150, making $10,447,227 thus far this year
and $._.**, 375, 575 since the movement began in
August, 1897.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings last week were $14,
--797.937, against $12,922,652 for the same week
last year.
Weather Report.
G2*"th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
<120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 26, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 64 1 San Diego 72
Fresno 92 1 Sacramento 80
Los Angeles 7* 1 Independence SS
Red Bluff Yuma 101
Pan Li. . Obispo .76
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
'-, minimum, 52: mean, '•
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
From Cape Mendocino northward (..long the
coast and over Washington and Oregon the
weather is cloudy and threatening. Light rain
has fallen along the extreme northwestern Cali
fornia coast and over Washington and Oregon
-luring th«* day. Tiie we-ather is Clear in the
southern portion of the Pacific Coast States.
The pressure has fallen over the northern
portion of the Paciflc Slope, but has risen over
the southern portion ring the last twelve
hours.
The temperature changes have been slight in
The temperature changes have been slight in
all districts except in Southern Idaho, where
there has been a slight rise.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
California Sunday. ■ ,
Forecast made it San Francisco for thirty
.ours, ending midnight. August 27. 1899: .
Northern California— Sunday; fresh
northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Fair; cooler Sunday.
• cooler Sunday.
Utah— Fair: cooler Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
fresh west wind. G. H. WILLSON,
T>...._] *F*,t<>. nst Official
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 26.— The market opened
with yesterday's drooping tendency still in
force, and the weakness was not entirely over-
come during the short session although there
wpre Improvements. The London Exchange
was dosed for a holiday, leaving some uncer
tainty as to the. speculative sentiment of that
center, which was depressed yesterday. Added
to this was a *.. -L... tone in Sugar on a new
crop of rumors of a new phase of the war In
the sugar trade. The new stocks of "the Re-
public Steel 1 nil any, dealt In on the ex-
change for the first time yesterday, showed
a disinclination to maintain the price, estab
. lished for them yesterday,' and Norfolk and
Western ar.d Northern Pacific in the railroad
group showed a reactionary tendency. Con-
solidated Gas dropped an extreme 4%. Brook-
lyn Transit was heavy, and there were other
less important. points of weakness. In "the sec-
ond, hour of the session th" traders manifested
-a disposition to cover short contracts, appar
ently In the belief that the unfavorable char-
acter of the bank statement had been exag
gerated, as proved to be the case. Idle and
Ohio gained about 3 and Northern Pacific ral-
lled over a point. Great Western preferred
gained 3. Louisville, Chicago and Western Il
linois. St. Paul and Duluth and the Tobacco
stocks a point or over. Sugar advanced an
extreme 2% and became very feverish, serving
to unsettle the market. The recovery in the
general list, howver, held for the most part.
A feature was the movement In a number of
Insignificant stocks, Including Peoria and East-
em. Kaiiawana and Michigan. Keokuk and
Dcs Moines and Colorado Coal Development
' Company. In view of the" forced liquidation
ln Brooklyn Transit early in the week the ex-
tension of credits to the amount of *9,0_*6,000
shown by the tank 'Statement came as a sur-
prise The decrease la cash proved to be less
than a million, whereas the knout, movements
of money Indicated that it would be 83.500,
- The decline in the surplus Is. therefore,
largely due to Increase of reserve requirements
by reason of the loan expansion. Viewed apart
from the previous exaggerated estimates, the
return is weak.
The changes are Impossible of explanation
from any transactions known to the public.
The action of the stock market was very Ir-
regular and somewhat puzzling during the
week. A number of the most prominent spec-
ialties and industrials showed extreme demor
alization in the week. The raids by the bears
Upon these stocks were commonly supposed to
be a tactical maneuver with the object of ob-
structing the disposition of the general list
to advance. As a matter of fact, the violent
breaks in the specialties proved Ineffective to
prevent ■-. rise of various railroad stocks.
Whet, powerful support In the specialties frus
trated the attempts of the. bears to work fur-
ther declines and the way seemed open for a
general advance In prices, the upward move-
ment was met by such heavy offerings to take
profits that, a sentiment of hesitation reas
serted Itself.
A comparison of prices showed some very
substantial gains in a small number of the
.railroad stocks and some severe losses in the .
Industrials. In the majority of the standard
railroad stocks net changes are small, nor hAS
there been any marked activity In these stocks j
during th» week Quite a number of South- i
crn and Southwestern railroads show reac
tions from recent high prices on profit-taking, ,
which has been on a very large scale. It has
been Sufficiently obvious that the tendency of
th« market to advance was chiefly due to oper
ations by pools formed by professional specu
lators. The buying of 5000 shares of, slocks ;
and then bidding several points higher for 100 ,
shares is a quite familiar process on Wall
street, but In a number of cases this week the
.higher bid developed nn astonishing . amount
of stocit waiting to realize. A good deal of
t<*d** according to the opinion of specialists.
Is that stock that was bought at a higher level
last spring by that portion of the population
designated in Wall street as the "outside pub-
lie'" having held through a heavy decline, these
owners are eager to take a small profit or
even to get out -without loss. In the higher
railroad stocks, such as the grangers . and
trunk lines, prices were long ago made to dis-
count expected increases in dividend rates.
In some cases these increases have not come.
In spite of large gains In earnings, but prices
have been maintained at the high level. The
return on the purchase money at present divi
dend rates of many standard railroads is less
thnn on high-grade bonds. Moerover, the great
activity in ail branches of trade and Industry
and the employment thus found for money
has made a rate for money which tempts to
the conversion of securities into floating capi
tal Last year authorities In the financial
world predicted that the return on capital
would be permanent at 3©3% per cent, and
prices of high-grade securities were run up
accordingly. With the money in the market
--.. -.-■--■ V ~_fV__!_fc_S_B____»a_&__
I yielding 4 .per cent or better In loans, the
j holding of stocks and bonds on the high level
of prices becomes somewhat precarious. This
is shown in gilt-edge railroad bonds and on
Government bonrie. both here and abroad.
That money is likely to continue firm at least
as the present level is the evident expecta
tion of the world s financial authorities, as cvi
' denced by the precautionary and strengthening
polity of the banks of England. France ana
Germany, which is continued even after the
j considerable accumulation of reserves already
j effected. The same policy is in force by New
i York Clearing-house banks. Whatever present
I ease Is* apparent in the money market ls ob-
j viously due to the quietness of speculation and
! the considerable liquidation already induced by
i contraction of loans. In this condition of af-
fairs it I-* natural that speculator? should have
turned back to middle and low grade issue*..
which have prospects of early entering upor.
the dividend list or of an increased rite of
distribution on account of largely increased
earnings. The most promising field of opera-
tions has been among comparatively obscure
Stocks, the chances of which for Increased re-
turns have not been already discounted by
previous active speculation. ,
Activity has Increased In the bond market.
but gains have been confined to speculative
issues.
United States new 4s declined %. old 4s regis
tered % and the 5a % in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
1.360 Atchison 23%
12.892 Atchison prefd 66%
300 Baltimore & Ohio 55%
Canadian Pacific 97
750 Canada Southern ..54
400 Central Pacific 59%
2.215 Chesapeake & Ohio , 29%
6,700 Chicago Great Western i....M5%
4,470 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 136%.
i : Chicago Ind ft St Louis : . 19%
I ("hi.-ago Ind <£_ St Louis prefd.*. 41
900 Chicago & East Illinois 81
125 Chicago & Northwestern 163
1,1 " Chicago Rock Island & Paciflc 119%
200 C C C & St Louis 56%
100 Colorado Southern 5%
2'») Colorado Southern Ist prefd 47%
I Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17%
100 Delaware & Hudson 124
200 Delaware Lackawanna ft Western.. 174%
200 Denver & Rio Grande .... 23%
325 Denever & Rio Grande prefd .... 77%
Erie 13%
100 Erie Ist prefd 38%:
106 Great Northern prefd 167% I
• 20.) Hocking Coal *. .....18%'
300 Hocking Valley ._. 2S
200 Illinois Central . - 116%
lowa Central 34%
300 lowa Central prefd ; 60
300 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 10%
Lake Brie & Western 21%
200 Lake Erie & Western prefd B*'
Lake Shore .* 201%
4,925 Louisville * Nashville 82%
300 Manhattan L 113
1,040 Metropolitan Street Railway 206%
500 Mexican Centra! 15%
300 Minn ft St Louis 76%
100 Minn & St Louis prefd '.. 97%
8.950 Missouri Th. tfle 50
4,250 Mobile & Ohio 49%
300 Missouri Kansas ft Texas 14%
2,900 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 42%
200 New Jersey Central lls%
380 New York Central 138%
5,195 Norfolk & Western 261*.
300 Norfolk & Western prefd 72%
6,550 Northern Pacific 56%
421 Northern Pacific prefd f_
1.300 Ontario & Western 27%
4'«» Oregon Railway & Nay 48%
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd.., 76%
200 Pennsylvania .N '. 135%
Reading 22%
2,00 Reading Ist prefd 62%
Reading 2d prefd 34%
20*) Rio Grande Western 35
Rio Grande Western prefd 79%
100 St Louis & San Fran 12
i St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 71%
1 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 37%
St Louis Southwestern 16%
1,000 St Louie Southwestern prefd 38%
4,200 St Paul 134%
St Paul prefd 175%
St Paul & Omaha 11l
9.225 Southern Pacific 39%
1,400 Southern -Railway..... 12%
2.900 Southern Railway prefd 54%
350 Texas & Pacific. 21%
18.294 Union Pacific 47%
6,000 Union Paciflc prefd 79%
Wabash 7%
200 Wabash prefd 23%
120 Wheeling & L E 11
400 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 23
100 Wisconsin Central 18%
P C C A St L........ 77%
Express Companies—
Adams 113
330 American 145*
United States. 50
250 Wells Fargo 130
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil ; 44
American Cotton Oil prefd 93%
American Malting 16%
American Malting prefd 67%*
200 American Smelting ft -Ref 42%
500 American Smelting & Ref prefd 91
American Spirits... 5%
American Spirits prefd 29
100 American Steel Hoop 37%
120 American Steel Hoop prefd 83%
1,400 American Steel ft Wire 57
V*) American Steel ft Wire prefd 98
450 American Tin Plate 43%
200 American Tin Plate prefd 90
6.020 American Tobacco 127%
..: American Tobacco prefd 144
Anaconda Mining Co 57
7.140 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 104%
1,950 Colorado Fuel & Iron 50
3.900 .Continental Tobacco 49
2,550 Continental Tobacco prefd 99%
....... Federal Steel 58%
400 Federal Steel prefd 81%
100 General Electric 125%
673 Glucose Sugar..; 65 ,
Glucose Sugar prefd 107
International Paper 38
International Paper prefd 78
1,066 Laclede Gas 1 62
National Biscuit 41 '
....... National Biscuit prefd .;. 101
National Lead 32%
National Lead prefd ill
1,000 National Steel 55%
National Steel prefd 97%
New York Air Brake 183
1,000 North American 12%
Pacific Coast 46
! Pacific Coast Ist prefd S3
600 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
220 Pacific Mali, 47%
2.420 People's Gas 12*)
100 Pressed Steel Car 59%
Pressed Steel Car prefd M
I Pullman Palace Car .157%
210 Standard Rope ft Twine.....' %i±
12,990 Sugar .'. !._2%
; Sugar prefd .'.'....'..'.. Un
| 3,250 Tennessee Coal & 1r0n..../ 97% i
4,299 United States Leather 10%
1,015 United States Leather prefd 76
100 United States Rubber 49*%
... United States Rubber prefd, ...... 115%'
800, Western Union By% i
208,300 Shares Sold. ;• 'X "X .-;
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 100% IM X & T 45...... 94%
Do 3s reg 108% N V Cen Ists.. 111% '
Do 3s coup 10S% N J Cen gen 5s 121
Do new 4« reg — 130 N Carolina 65.. ....128
• Do- new 4s coup. .lSO ' Do 4«. ......; I'M
Do old 4s reg 112%; No Pac Ists 113
Do old 4s coup ...HI No Pac 3s .". 67%
Do 6s reg:.. .......111% Do 45....;. .'..:... .103% ■
Do (a coup 111% N V C & S L ...109
Dis of Col 3.655. ...117 N ft W Con 45.... 96
Ala class A...... 100 • Do "gen 6s 133
Do class B 109 Or Nay Ists 112%
Do class C -103* I Do 45./ 102%,
• Do Currency 100 Or Short Line 65.. .129
Atch gen 4s 102%) Do Con 6* 114%
Do adj 45... vSS. Reading Gen 45.... 88%
Can So 2d5.........11l ROW 15t5......... 99
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 97% S L & I M Con 55. 114
Do 5s 118% S L ft S F Gen 65. 121%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 27, 1899.
CAN Con 7s 144 iSt Paul Con 170
Do S F Deb 5a... i1l S i> c ft P 15t5.... .2-%
Chi Term 4s 99 j Do Ss 122
D ft R G Ist? 105.;! So Hallway Sa 10.%
Do 4s 100.4 Stand RAT 65.... 85
E T V ft G 1ata. ...80S Term new set 3s 97
Erie Gen 4s 72% Tex A Pac Ists 115*.
F W ft D <*. ists.... 79 Do 2ds 58-**,
Gen Elec ts US'* Union Pac 4s 105 ,
G H ft S A 6s 10S Wabash Ists 116
Do 2ds 108 I Do 2ds 101
Hft T Cen 5s 110 West Shore 4s 113%
Do Con 6s 110 Wis <"en Ists 78
lowa Cen Ists 118-4 Va Centuries 85%
KCP ft G Ists.... 72' i Do deferred 5
La new con 4s 106 CAS 45.. 87
LAN Un 4s 100 ' *
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 25jOntarIo 7 50
Crown Point.. 25. Ophir 1 00
Con Cal ft Va.... 1 80 Plymouth 09
Deadwood 65 j Quicksilver 2 00
Gould ft Curry •• 30. Do prefd SOO
Hale ft Norcross.. 25 Sierra Nevada 72
Homestake 67 00 Standard 2 65
Iron Silver 52. Union Con 20
Mexican 48. Yellow Jacket ,35
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— (West End 113
Call loans.. "f-4 Wis Cen 16
Time loans it,*': Bonds-
Stocks-—- Atchison 4s 100
Atch Top. ASF.. ?27-- Mining Shares-
Do prefd, <.. 66%iAdventure 9
Am Sugar 158% Allouez Mm C 0.... <-,%
Do prefd 120 Atlantic 27
Bell Tel ......347 Boston A Mont 352
Boston A" Albany.. 27o Butte ft 805t0n.... 77
Boston L... 106% Calumet A Hecla,.BS6 
Boston A Maine.... 206 Centennial 85%
C B ft Q 136% Franklin 80%
Pitchburg prefd. ..lis {Humboldt 2*};
Mexican Cen 15 Osceola SS
Mich Tel 100 Parrot' 52%
N V ft N E prefd. 2oU |Qulncy 157
Old Colony 36 'Santa Fe Copper... 16
San Diego 47 Tamarack 225
Union Pac 8 i Winona — 11%
Union Land :. 95 Wolverines 46-*4
Westgh Flee 50% Utah 43'j
Do prefd 68 I
London Market.
LONDON, Aug. 26.— To-day ls a holiday on
the Stock Exchange here. Bar silver, quiet,
27"-4 d per ounce; money, l*4@'3 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Aug. 26.— FLOUR— Receipts.
21.788 barrels; exports, 14,746 barrels. Sales.
.".." packages. Inactive and nominally s<Sloc
lower to sell. Winter patents, $3 60(33 90; win-
ter straights, $3 35W3 40; winter extras, $2 45®
2 80; winter low grade, $2 2552 40; Minnesota
patents, $3 85Q4 05 Minnesota bakers', $3 05@
3 20.
WHEAT— Receipts, 189,975 bushels: exports,
165,579 bushels. Sales, 100,000 bushels futures;
40,000 bushels spot. Spot wheat No. 2 red,
76% cf. o. b. afloat; spot No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 79% cf. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 2
red, 72<5 72% c elevator. Options opened weak
at %c decline, and sold oft at the morning
.under good spring wheat news, favorable
cables, light liquidation and extension of short
accounts, closed weak at P^c net decline;
May, Sl<l_Sl%c, closed Sic; September, 75 11-16®
76 11-16 c, dosed 75% c; December, 78g<79c, closed
7Sc.
HOPS— DuII. State common to choice, 1896
crop, 6-g7e; 1897 crop, nominal; IS9S crop, 10016 c;
Pacific (oast. 1896 crop, 4S6c; 1897 crop, nom
inal: IS9S crop. 12-916 C. „„
HlDES— Quiet and steady. Galveston, 20 to
25 pounds. 18% c.
WOOL— Steady. Domestic fleece, 19-§-4c.
PIGIRON— Firm. Northern, $188-1 50; South-
em. $18*521.
COPPER— Firm. Brokers', $18 50; exchange,
"IIS 50. ...
LEAD— Steady. Brokers', $4 S.j; exchange,
$4 80fi4 62%. *> i
TIN -Firm. Straights. $31 50<@S1 75; plates, I
SPELTER -Quiet. Domestic, $5 40; nominal. ;
COFFEE- closed steady. 5 points
lower to i points higher. Sales. 5000 bags, in-,
eluding: September, $4 35; October, $4 40; No- .
vember, $4 nd; December, $4 80; January, $4 85:
May, $6 16; July, $5 SO. Spot coffee- Rio, dull
and' nominal. No. 7 invoice, 5%c; No. 7 Job-
bing, 6%c. Mild, dull, but steady. Cordova,;
S---.C. -
. SUGAR— Raw, quiet and unchanged. Fair
refining, 3 13-16 c; centrifugal, M test, 4%c;
molasses sugar, 3 13-l6c. Refined, quiet. No.
6, _•■_.< No. 7. 4 9-16 c; No. 8, 4%c; No. 9, 4 7-1- ;
No. 10, 4 15-lCc; No. 11. 4 3-16 c; No. 12, 4%c;
No. 18, 4%c; No. 14, 4 11-lSc; mold A, 5 7-16 c;
standard A, 5 l-16c; confectioners' A, 5 15-16 c; j
cut loaf. 5 11-16 c; crushed. 5 13-l6c: powdered,
5-Sc; granulate.!, 5 5- 16c: cubes, 5 1-16-0.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Aug. California dried
fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7%c;
prime wire tray, B%_S%c; choice, S%*i9c;
fancy. 9'g,9%c.
PRUNES— 3%-gSc per pound.
APRICOTS— RovaI. 14c: Moorpark, 14<S_16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, S@ll%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Aug. 26.— Wheat opened weak at
from 4c to %c decline. Most of the trading
was in December, but September was given
considerable attention and developed full as
' much weakness as the latter month. Beyond
: a decline at Liverpool and ideal harvesting
j weather in the Northwest there was nothing at
I first to Influence selling. Nevertheless, the mi
i clination to liquidate was quite general, and
: but little support was given the market except
' from shorts, who early in the day bought In
Considerable quantities. The Northwest was
1 even weaker than the local market, and this
toon Lime a prominent factor, heavy selling
t orders coming from that section, which Induced
liquidation by local longs and also brought
celling orders through commission houses. The
result was a steady decline, the market get-
ting under puts and even then receiving no
substantial support. The cash market was
badly out ot line, bids being generally less
; than Vi cent over September for No. 1 North-
I crn which shippers would not accept. Later
| It was reported that several loads had been
worked, but the effect of this was offset by
i advices from the Northwest that much heavier
receipts were expected next week. This was
discounted by shorts, who sold heavily, and
! In the last hour of the short Saturday session
1 the bottom apparently dropped out .of the
• ■ market. September wheat opened %o%c lower
'at 71% c. declined to 76% c and reacted to
70% c. where it closed. December opened %@%C
I lower at 73%<ij73%c, declined to 72% c and closed
I at 72% c asked.
! Corn was decidedly weak for September and
I easy for other futures. Heavy receipts caused
selling. September closed %f_.%c lower.
i Oats, considering the weakness of other
I grain markets, were steady. September closed"
'.'i. V lower.
Provisions were dull and weak, Influenced a
little by the decline in grain markets. There
. was scattered liquidation by outsiders, and
scalping longs sold a little. At the decline
packers were fair buyers of all products, and
the market was steady at the close. The cash
! demand for meats was goo.l. At the close
j September pork was 5 cents lower, lard 5 cents
lower and ribs 7%c lower.
; The leading futures ranged as follows:
'Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 71% 71% 70% 70%
December 73% 73% 72% 72%
I May .1 76% *•**% 75% 75%
Corn No. 2—
! September 32 32 31% 31%
'December 25% 26% 28% 28%
j May 23% 29-* 29% 29-*
Oats No. 2— »
! September  20% -20% 20% . 20%
December 19% 20 19%. 19%
May 21% 21% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September 8 27% 8 30. ** 25 K25
October B*o . 8-10 8 32% 8 32%
January -• -**-> **•"'-> * -*-> 8 55
Lara, per 100 lbs-
September 5 22% 5 22% 5 17% 5 17%
October .5 27% 680 25 525
January . 645 545 6 42% 545
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs-
September 515 6 17% 5 12% 512%
October 5 17% > 6 a 6 15 6 17%
January ........... * 97% 4 07% 4... 4 97%
Cash quotations' were as follows:. Flour firm;
Winter Patents, $3 SO'&S 60: -Straits, $3 20'-?3 30:
Spring Specials, $4 20; Spring Patents. $.! 400
j J 70; Straits. $2 801". 3 .20; Bakers', fl '.'o^2 6*l; No.
1 3 Spring Wheat, 70%@71%c: No. 2 Red, 73% c;
No. 2 Corn, 32%tg34c; No. 2 Oats, m v* -IV"
I No 2 White, 23c; No. 3 White, 22%©23 c; No. 2
; Rye. M^KC- No. 1 Flax Seed, U 17*3- 17%;
' Prime Timothy Seed. *2 2d<62 45; Mess Pork, per
! bbl, $7 55-* 30; Lard, per 100 lbs, $5 07%®5 20;
Short-rib Sides 'loose.. $4 sa&** 2*.; Dry Salted
: Shoulders (boxed). 6%«J5%c;: Short Clear, Sides
(boxed), $5 5065 60; Whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gal, ?1 26; Sugars, Cut Loaf, $6 02;
I Granulated, $5 50. ■-.'--".*•*■ **■■
Articles— . , Receipts. Shipments.
i Flour, barrels
; Wheat, bushels 68.000 » 53.00*.
I Corn, bushels 420,000  664,000
i Oats, bushels.....'..'. , 801.000 404,
Rye. bushels 1...... 11,000' ". '7,000
Barley, bushels 32,000 ■. 1,000
. On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries.. 16920 c;. dairy,
13@17c. Cheese, firm; 9%5f10c. Eggs, Arm;
fresh 12% c .':■.;-/":.«-- :.**.,.
i . * ■
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. '" '
Wheat— Sept- - Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 10% 6 **>%
Closing 5 10% 6 0%
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening; • 19 75 20 75
Closing * 19 75 20 75
Flour— . *
Opening 42 40 27 90
Closing 42 40 27 30
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2G.-The rattle market to-
CIJICAGO, Aug. 26.— The cattle market to
day was practically bare of offerings, and
prices in most cases were nominal. One or
two small lots of medium grade cattle were
disposed of at prices unchanged from yester
day.
A moderate supply of hogs was well taken
at about Friday's prices. Heavy hogs sold at
$4© 75; mixed lots at $4 5094 80 and light
hogs at .4 4 -74 90. Tigs sold at $3 50©4 60; |
culls, «3©3 95
The supply of sheep and lambs was meager |
and prices were (-toady and unchanged. Sheep ,
sold at $2©! 50 for natives. Western^jange
flocks being sold at $3 1594 15; lambs were I
saleable at $3 5095 75.
Receipts— Cattle, 150; hogs, 13,000; sheep, 1500. '
Foreign Markets.
%
LONDON. Aug. 26.— Silver. 27'-_d; French
LONDON, Aug. 26.— Silver. 27.4 d; French
rentes. lOOf; wheat cargoes off coast, business
limited; cargoes on pat-sage, firm for white,
3d higher; cargoes No. 1 standard California,
SOs 3d; cargoes Walla Walla. 2Ss 3d; Indian
shipments wheat to United Kingdom. 35,000 j
quarters; Indian shipments wheat to Continent.
8,1 '>* -quarters.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California, 6s ld©«s l*4d; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 2 red Western winter, firm,
5s 10-£ d; No. 1 Northern spring, strong, 6s 2"4 d;
No. 1 California. 6s ld®6s lVfcd. Futures.
steady: September, 5s 16% d; December, 6s %d.'
CORN— American mixed spot, firm; new. 3s
."V': eld. firm. 3s 5 -/ id. Futures, quiet.. Sep
tember, 3s sd; October, 3s 5%d; November, nom
inal.
FLOUR— St Louis winter, firm. 7s 9d.
HOPS— At London— Paciflc Coast, nominal.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— T0-day's condition
of the treasury shows: Available cash balance,
$279,504,016; gold reserve. $246,477,763.
London Wool (Maiket.
London Wool [Market.
LONDON, Aug. 26.— There were various In- j
quiries but few transactions In wool during the
week. The arrivals to date for the next series |
of wool auction sales, which opens September I
19, number 212.295 bales, of which 61,000 were
forwarded direct.
Specie Movement at U^w York.
NEW YORK. Aug. 26.— The exports of silver '
from this port during the week aggregated j
$818,162. There were no gold shipments. The
imports of specie during the week amounted
to $11, ISS in gold and $31,976 in silver.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 26.— Exchanges, $150,
--359; balances, $37,806.
4
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 26.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, sS©sS*4c; Valley, 59966 c; Bluestem, 61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 26.— Wheat was weaker in
the local market to-day, but no change in I
prices was noted. The tendency is to lower '
quotations, but the figures for the present re- I
main, at 57*4©5Sc for Club, 60>4®61c for Blue- j
sum.
■» .
LOCAL MARKETS.
I -•
Exchange and Bullion. '
Exchange and Bullion.
| Sterling Exchange, 6-0 days — .• $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables ;,. „ — 4 SS%
New* York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Mexican Dollars 49% 60
Fine Silver, per ounce 59% 60
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— There was not much business yes
i terday. Futures were %c off, but the spot mar-
I ket was. unchanged.
Chicago opened dull and weak, with few buy
! ers. Foreign advices and fine weather depress
jed the market The bears hammered price? and
' great efforts were made to dislodge the Septem
ber holders. Liverpool futures" were %c lower.
I Dull and lower markets were expected after the i
September liquidation. The Northwest crop es- j
timates were increased, and BroomhaU also
cabled an increase in the Italian crop.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05@1 07%; milling,
$1 10®1 13%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session -9:15 December—
Sm tis. $1 12%; 10.000. $1 12.
Second Session— December— 26.ooo ctls. $1 11%.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new. stor
age paid— 4ooo ctls. $1 08%; 2000. $1 OS%; Decem
ber— $1 11%; 4000, $1 12; May— l4.ooo, $1 17.
BARLEY— Offerings are liberal and the mar-
ket is dull and easy.
iv.. l So©B3%c: Brewing, S7%®92%c; Chevalier,
$1 10§_ 22% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
8009 ctls, 82% c; 2000, 83c.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, S3c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls, j
83c: Seller '99, new— 2ooo. 81-Jic
OATS— Arrivals were 6000 ctls, and the mar-
ket was dull and easy, with a decline In white.
Red are still firm and wanted, but black are
dull. Most of the current receipts are com
posed of black. White, $1 r_, l 30; Red, $1 05®
112%* ctl; Black, 90. .'** l.
CORN— Dull. Eastern large Yellow, $105®
1 07%; White, $1 07%; mixed, $10511107% per
ctl.
RYE— 9o_92%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40®3 50; Oregon ,
and Washington, $3 40®3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 2503 40 for bakers' and $2 25® 3 for super-
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50®4 75;
Oat Groats $4 75; Hominy, $3 25(573 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4®4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 (508 95; In sacks. $6 35®6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 60; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff
Receipts of Hay continue liberal and the mar
ket is dull and weak, with .buyers holding off.
Feedstuffs remain as previously quoted.
BRAN— SIS 50®17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— BI7 50®19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $18 50 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27®25; jobbing,
$28 50*1129; Cocoanut Cake, $20®2i; Cornmeal,
$23 r.„24 50: Cracked Corn. $24®25; Mixed Feed,
$18018 60; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
Wheat, $6 SOWS 50 for common to good
and $9 for choice: Wheat and Oat, $7®9; Oat.
$6©S: Barley, $5®7; Island Barley. $4 50®5 50;
Alfalfa. $5®7 per ton; Compressed Wheat,
STRAW-20®35c per bale.
. /
Beans and Seeds.
Beans and Seeds.
Rather more inquiry for large white Beans
Is reported, at a small advance. Otherwise
there is nothing new.
BEANS— Bayos. *•' •'o'"' 80; Small White. $2 05
®2 15: Large White, $1 60.71 75; Pinks. $2 15®
2 25; Reds, nominal; Blackeye. $4 15®4 25; But-
ters, nominal; Llnias. $4 1004 15; Pea. $2 15®
2 35: Red Kidneys. $2@2 8 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 2'**_i..c; Yellow Mus
tard, nominal: Flax. $1 90®2 10; Canary Seed.
-%Q3c per lb for California and 3%c for East- j
crn; Alfalfa, 8%®9%c: Rape, 3c; Hemp. .40
4%c; Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— $1 2j@l 60;' Green. $1 50
®2 per ctl. __
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The tendency In Potatoes and Onions Is down-
ward, and 3500 sacks of Onions came In yester-
day, adding to the weakness.
The Vegetable market shows no particular
change, all sorts being in ample supply and
cheap. Corn Is especially dull and low.
Sweet Potatoes are lower and plentiful. ' v-
POTATOES — Garnet » Chiles. R.'.c_7sl; Early
Rose, 45®70c; Burbanks. 45070 c per ctl; Sa- i
Unas Burhanks. $1 25*? 1 35; Sweet Potatoes, 1%
©l%c per lb. .■-"'--■•
ONlONS— 9oc®sl 05 per ctl for Sllversklns;
Pickle Onions. fxi®7sc per ctl.
VEGETABLES-Green Peas. I%®2c per lb: |
String Beans. l%«?2c: Lima Beans. 2®2%c; Cab
bage. 50®60c: River Tomatoes. 80050 c; Alameda
Tomatoes, 50®S5c; Egg Plant, 35® 40c; . Green i
Okra, 869500 per box; Garlic. IQSe; Green Pep
pers, 25_35c for Chili and 30<&-Wc per box for
Bell; Carrots, 3<vm>«- per sack; Bay Cucumbers,
2ac: Pickles. $ I 504? 175 per ctl for No. _ 1
and 75c for No. 2; Summer Squash, 2oc;
Marrowfat Squash. $10 per ton; Green Corn.
15950 c per sack, 40c®$l per crate for Alameda
and 25©50 c for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
There will be more Eastern on the market to
morrow.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 12??14c for Gob
blers and 12514 c for Hens; Young Turkeys,
16©lSc: Geese, per pair, .1 25®1 50; Goslings.
50©2; Ducks. $357 50 for old and $4©5
for young; Hens, $5576; young Roosters, $4 50
(So 50; old Roosters. 83 75©4: Fryers. $4;
Broilers, $3@3 60 for large, $2 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1 50®1 75 per dozen for old and $1 75
(52 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 50c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another advance in Butter is noted, but deal
ers rather expect a decline later on, as the
recent advance has diverted much of the de
mand to pickled descriptions. The same may
be said of Eggs, which have risen to such a
point that buyers are beginning to run on East
ern as far as possible. Cheese rules firm, and
stocks are lower than for some time.
BUTTER—
Creamery Fancy creamery, 27028 c; seconds,
26c. ■
Dairy- 25c; good to choice, 23@24c;
store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 20®21c; firkin, 19®21e; creamery
tub, 21@22c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ll@ll*4c; old. 10
©10& c; Young America, U9U%c; Eastern, 13
®15c:
EGGS— Quoted at 205723 c for store and 27®
30c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18_4®20c
for selected, 16@17c for No. 1 and 14315 c for
seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There Is not much change to note In any
thing. The local demand for all fruits is brisk
at the moment and there Is no accumulation of
stock. At the same time there is no scarcity
in any description. The canners are taking a
reasonable quantity of Pears and Peaches at
the quotations. Supplies of Grapes are not as
heavy as they have been and the market Is
rather steadier in consequence. Berries are
cheap. Small black Figs are doing better.
Quinces are in light supply and steady. Melons
are rather higher.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 359660 per box for common and 75c@
$1 25 for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $394 per chest;
Strawberries, $7@B per chest for small and $29
4 for large berries; Raspberries, $35J3 50 per
chest; Huckleberries. 4©Sc per lb.
■ Grapes, 33©40 c per box and crate for Fon
tainebleau, 40©60 c for black. 50®75c for Mus
cat. 40©75 c for Tokay and 75@S5c for Seedless.
Watermelons. $G©2o per 100.
Cantaloupes. 40© 75c per crate; Nutmegs, 20®
33c per box on the wharf.
Pears, 40©60 c per box; Bartktts. 75c@$l 2." per
box for green and 50@75c for ripe; In bulk, $20
©45 per ton.
Nectarines, 40©50 c per box for white and 60®
80c for red.
Figs, .iVsj.fi per box for double layers of
small black and 85950 c for large purple.
Peaches, 25© 75c per box and 35@40c per bas
ket: in bulk. $15925 per ton.
Plums, 66940. per box; Prunes, 40©75 c per
crate; Green and Yellow Plums, $20 per
ton.
Quinces. 50©75 c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— $I®l 75 for com
mon and $2©3 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $4©4 50: California Limes, nominal:
Bananas. $1 5055. 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1
©2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The first new Prunes of the season are In
from an orchard at Shellville. Sonoma County.
This ranch has sent in the earliest Prunes for
three or- four years. They are larger, heavier
and better than last year, and are probably a
fair Indication of the quality of this year's out
put.
The market shows no change.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, In
sacks, 6©6.ic for 40-50's, s®s.ic for 50-60' s. 4c
per lb for 60-70's, 34 for 70-80's, 3@3Kc
sacks, fi'yfi^c for 40-50's, s®s*-ic for 50-60' 4®
4V;c per lb for 60-70's, 3--_c for 70-SO's, 3@3*4c
for 80-90's and 2-<4@2T4c for 90-100's; Apricots,
10Vi@Hc for Royals. 12-45?15c for Moorparks;
Peaches, s©6c for Standards and 6<-i@7c for
choice: Evaporated Apples, 7®7Vic; Sun-dried.
4'C per lb; Nectarines. B®SHc per lb; Pears,
7%@BV_o for quarters and B©9c for halves;
Black Figs. 2%9>%e.
RAISINS— 3*ic for two-crown. 4"&e for three
crown. s*ic for four-crown. 4<4<S?6c for Seedless
Sultana*, 3"4 c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers: Dried Grapes, 2"-4@3c.
NUTS— Walnuts, s©Bc for hardshell. 10®Ilc
for softshell; Chile Walnuts. U(__l2c: Almonds,
new crop, 7'-_c for Languedoc and 9^»c for pa
per-shell; Peanuts. sr_.@6*!ic for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts. B*4©9c; Filberts, ll@ll.Ac; Pecans, 7T4®
8c: Cocoanuts, $4 50© 5.
HONEY— Comb, llHc for bright and 10,4 c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7-_4@7-4c;
light amber extracted, 6H@7c; dark, 5.4 c
per tb.
BEESWAX— 24iO26c per lb.
- Provisions.
Local trade has been dull for some days, ow
ing somewhat to the partial holiday. Prices
are without change.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. S*4c per lb for
heavy, 9@9--ic for light medium, lie for light.
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13_Jc; California
Hams, 13c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Prime Beef, $12 30; extra clear, $16 50; mess,
$15915 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%@5-}ic per lb for
compound and 7c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
7*-4e; 10-lb tins, SHe; 5-lb tins, 8.4 c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@7>*4c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Aside from the firmness in Hides there is
nothing of interest to note In this market.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@10V_c: medium, 9©9*4 c: light, 9c:
Cowhides, 9c: Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c'; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 20(g30c each; short
Wool. 355j?G0c each; medium, 70©90 c; long Wool,
90c@l 10 each; Horse Hides, \ salt, $2@2 25 for
large and $1250150 for small; Colts, 25©50 c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4®4<ie per lb; No.
2, 3©3V*c; refined. ; grease, 2©2.ic.
WOOL— Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months, 8®llc; San Joaquin Foot
hill defective. B©9c; Valley Oregon, 17@18c;
Eastern Oregon, 12®14c for choice and 9@ll**4c
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs. 8@10c; do
plains, 7© 8c: San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. 7V_-_.9c.
HOPS— IS9S crop, 15®17%0 per lb; 1899 crop,
13c bid with no takers.
San Francisco Meat Market.
AH markets under this head are steady to
firm. It is estimated that there are 10,000,000
fewer cattle in the United States than seven
years ago. and it is said that the supply of
beef cattle is smaller than smce 1882. The pres
ent high prices at Chicago have been touched
only five times in twenty-two years.
Hogs are still scarce and firm, and supplies
of Mutton are also light. I
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7®Bc per lb for Steers and 6H@7c for
Cows.
VEAL— 7@lOc per lb.
MUTTON— 7H®Sc; Ewes, 7@7%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. B>4@9c per lb.
PORK— Hogs. s*si@s*{4c for small, 6c for
medium and 6%9->%C for large: stock hogs and
Feeders, s}4c; dressed Hogs, 7@B„c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7®7%c; Wool
Bugs. 26©!Sc: Fruit Bags, 5*40. 6%C and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7@7-.ic for bleach
ed jute.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $S; Cumberland. $9 in bulk and $10 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel, $S per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In sacks. '
TURPENTINE— Is lower at 69c per gallon in
cases and 64c In drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A crushed and Fine Crushed, s_*e; Pow
dered.' 5.4 c; Candy Granulated, 5-* c; Pry Gran
ulated, sc; Confectioners' A, oc; California A,
— ; Magnolia A. 4-ftc; Extra C. 4%c; Golden C,
4%c; barrels, l-16c more; Naif barrels, He more;
boxes, *4c more; 50-Ib bags, Mc more. No or
der taken for less than 75 barrels or its equiva
lent. Dominoes, half barrels, sic; boxes, 6c
per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
... FOR SATURDAY. AUGUST 26. . '-
Flour, qr sks 22,389 Chicory, bb15..... 35
Wheat, ctls 4,135 Lime, bbls SSO
Barley, ctls 11,915 Middlings, 375
Oats ctls... 6,000 Wool. bags. 51
Rye, ctla 36" straw, t0n5..;.... 18
Batter, ctls 256 Hay. tons... 623
Cheese,. ctls....... 55 Raisins, bxs'..:... 1,450
TaUow, ctls 22 Quicksilver, flsks 135
Beans, sks ; 3-.;. Eggs. * Aba : 22.020
Potatoes, 5k5..... 8.278 Wine, gals.... 53,850
Onions, 5k5..'..... 2,243 Leather, rolis 55
Bran, sks 3,210 Hides, No SBC
Sugar.sks.. 3,550 Pelts, bdls 174
Sugar, bbls ' 105 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were' dull, even for Saturday,
and quotations showed no change worthy of
note. \. ... .„..'..
Mining stocks were slightly firmer, but
quiet. The telegram from the pump said: "At
6:30 this morning the water . was 32 feet 3
inches below, the 1950-foot level station. No. 1
elevator has been running continuously."
The Ophir delinquent sale takes places to-
morrow.
The Pennsylvania Mining Company of Grass
valley has declared its thirty-second dividend.
l*ne rate is 20 cents per share, amounting to
The Badger Hill and Cherokee Gravel Mm
ing Company of Nevada County has levied an
* assessment of $3 per share, delinquent Sep
tember 27.
The Kate Hayes Mining Company of Ne
vada County has levied an assessment of $1
per share, delinquent September 26.
The Gold Star Mining Company of Siskiyou
County has levied an assessment of 1 cent per
share.
The Cold Springs Grave. Mining Company
of Nevada County has levied an assessment
of 1 cent per share, delinquent September 25.
The California Powder Company paid a divi
dend of $1 per share last week.
The Giant Con. Powder Company has de-
clared a dividend of 50 cents per share, payable
September 11.
The Oceanic Steamship Company will pay
a monthly dividend of 50 cents per share Sep
tember i.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com-
pany will pay a dividend of 42 cents per share
September 1.
The report from the Standard Consolidated
mine of Bodie for the week ending August 19
states that the west crosscut in the Bullion
vein had a four-inch streak of ore. Raise 4.
Security vein, SIS level, had eighteen inches
fair ore in the top. Raise 3, No. 10 vein, same
level, had sixteen Inches fair ore. Raise 5,
same vein and level, had twenty inches very
fair ore in the top. Raise 7, same vein and
level, had sixteen very fair ore. The south
drift. No. 10 vein. 380 level, had eight Inches
pay ore in the face. The stopes on the 150,
31S, 336, 47*., 528 and 582 levels yielded the usual
amount of fair to goo.l ore. At the mill 203%
tons of . ore were crushed during tha week.
Average assay vanner tailings, $10 93. Con-
centrates produced, one ton: assay value,
$158 27. Amalgam produced? 960 troy ounces;
value per ounce, $2 72. Tailings plant No. 1
treated 155% tons of tailings for the week.
Plant No. 2 treated 162 tons tailings.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. '
SATURDAY, August 26—12 m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Bonds— iEquit G L Co. 3-4 4%
_s quar c0up..H2%113 Mutual El Co. 16% 16%
4s quar reg — — — O G L & H 48 50
4s new quar... — 131% Pau Gas Imp— 69%
6s quar c0up..105%109 Pac L Co. 40 42 '
Miscellaneous— S F G <__ E... 69% 69%
Cal-st Cab ss. — — San Fran 3% 3%
C C Wat 65... — 110% Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 65.. 129.4135 i Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s — 117 ! Firem's Fund.22s —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 1 Bank Stocks—
H*C & S 5%5.. 107-i_ — j Anglo-Cal .... 63 63
L A Ry 55.... 106% 107% Bank of Ca1.. .276 280
L A LCo 65.. 99 — Cal S D & T.. — 98
Do gntd 65.. 99 — First National.23o 237%
Do gntd 55.. — 100 Lon P& A 129% —
Market-st 65... 126*4 — Mer Exchange— 16
Dotlst M 55. 117 IIS Nev Nat 8k..152 —
N CNG Ry 75. 110 — i Savings Banks—
N Rof Cal 6s. — 115 Ger S & L..1650 —
N Kof Cal 58.114 — Hum S & L.105-.I 1160
NPC R R 66.105-4 — Mut Say Bk. 37% —
N P C R R 55. 106 107 \S F Say U... 500 —
N Cal RR. 55. 11 l — iSav & L So. — 82.4
OGL & H 55. 11 l — Sec Say Bk. — 300
Oak Transt Cs.lll 112%' Union T Co. 1400 1440
Om C Ry 68..127 — j Street Railroads—
P & Cl Ry 65. 105 106% California ....117 120
Pk &O Ry 68.115 - Geary 50 —
Powell-st R6a — 125 Market-st ..... 61*4 62
Sac El G&R5s — — Oak SL& H. — 60
SF& N P 55. 11314 - Presidio 12 18
S F & S JY55.15%116'i Powder—
S I" & S J Vss.ll._%ll6i._i' California 150 165
S Pof A 65.. .111%— E Dynamite... 85 —
S P C 65(19i»5).112 112% Gisuit Con Co. 73% 74%
S P C 65(1906). — 114% Vigorit ........ 2% 3%
S P C 65(1912).H8 122 1 Sugar—
6PCI3 eg 55,102% — Hana P C 0.... 15% 15%
SPBr 6s 125% — Haw C & S C 95%100
B V Wat 65... 116% — j Hutch S P Co 31% 32%
S V Wat 45... 104 — 'Kilauea S C. — 30
S V W4s(3dm>lol% — Makawell SC. 50% 51
Stktn Gas 65.. 104 107 Onomea S Co. 39% 39%
Water Stocks— ! Paauhau S C. 39% 39%
Contra Costa.. 76 76% Miscellaneous —
Marin County. 50 — !AI Pac A55n..117%118
Spring Valley. 101%101% Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Gas and Electric— I Oceanic S Co. 90 90%
Capital Gas... — — Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cent G Co — — iPac C Bor C 0.135 137%
Cent L & P... — 7 ! Paf Paint Co. 8% —
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Giant Powder Con 74 00
10 Hana Plantation Co, cash 15 50
15 Hana Plantation Co 15 90
50 Oceanic S S C 0....* 90 00
40 Onomea Sugar Co 39 25
40 S V Water 101 62%
$190 U S 3s coup 108 25
$900 U S 3s coup IOS 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas 3 87%
30 Giant Powder 74 00
SO Makaweli Sugar Co 60 50
50 Makawell Sugar Co 60 62%
20 Onomea Sugar Co 39 00
20 S F Gas & Electric 89 50
100 Vigorit Powder 3 12%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales ln the San Fran-
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
200 Alpha C0n...... 06, 100 Potosi 31
100 Con Cal & Va..l BO 200 Sierra Nevada. 71
100 Gould & Curry. 36! 100 Yellow Jacket.. 30
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher ' 37 300 Con Cal & Val 77%
300 Best & Belcher 61 $00 Hale & N0r.... 33
300 Caledonia 55 1500 Justice 14
' 400 Caledonia 54 j 200 Mexican 51
200 Challenge Con.. 35 500 Ophir 110
200 Challenge Con.. 3s 600 Savage 19
100 chollar S3 500 Silver Hill 03
300 Chollar 31 j
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. August 26--12 m.
Bid.Ask. 1 Bid.Ask.
Alpha 06 07 Justice 13 14
Alta "5 07'Kentuck 03 05
Andes 16 17 Lady Wash 01 0?
Belcher 36 37 Mexican 49 60
Best & Belcher 59 60 Occidental 19 20
Bullion 06 07;OphIr 105 110
Caledonia 54 — Overman 13 14
Chollar 32 34 Potosi 10 31
Challenge Con.. 35 37'Savn.ge 17 IS
Confidence 80 84, Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 75 ISO Seg Belcher.... — 02
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 70 71
Crown Point.... 23 25 Silver Hill 02 04
Eureka Con 50 — 'Syndicate 07 —
Con New York. — 02 Standard 260 —
Exchequer — 03 St Louis — 12
Gould & Curry. 37 39 1 Union Con 21 22
Hale & N0r.... 31 32 Utah 07 08
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 30 31
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of . High and Low
Waters, at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, AUGUST 27.' -
Sunrises 5*35
Sun sets 6:45
Moon rises...:... 10:41 p. Nt
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings -on* the
United States Coast Sdrvey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference la the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. TJ. S. N., ISett
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
August 26, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day— «
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. V. S. N., ln charge. j
_i
Notice to Mariners.
Notice is hereby given that the Inside Bar
Buoy (nine-fathom buoy) entrance San Fran
cisco Bay, flrst-class nun buoy, black and white
perpendicular stripes, has gone adrift. It will
be replaced at the earliest date practicable.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1898, page 18. By order
of the Lighthouse Board, U. SEBREE,
Commander. U. S. N., Inspector Twelfth Light-.
house" District. . '
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, August 26.
Stmr Miama, Mac Donald, 70 days from Bal
timore.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 24 hours from Eu
reka. - '
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 63 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, 32 hours from Cres
cent City, via Point Arena 11 hours.
Stmr Cleone. Higgins, 20 hours from Albion.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall. S3 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Nor stmr Titania. Eeenes. 91 hours from
Nanaimo.
Tug Relief, Randall, 7 days from Columbia
River, with raft In tow.
Tug Rescue, Thompson, 7 days from Colum
bia River, with raft in tow.
Bark Wilna, Slater. 31 days* from Hakodate.
Schr Neptune, E_rt*rold, 3.A days from Usal.
Schr Dewey, Schmaling, 20 hours from Al
bion.
Schr Gotama, Johannlssen, 62 hours from
Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Saturday, August 26.
Stmr State of California, Parsons, Astoria;
Go -dail, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa - Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka: Goodall. Per
kins _ Co.
Br stmr Belgian King. Weiss, San Diego;
California and Oriental S S Co.
Stmr Albion, Erickson, Cape Nome and
whaling; J S Kimball.
SAILED.
Saturday, August 26.
Stmr Ruth. Lundquist, .
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr State of California. Parsons, Astoria,
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs, Rockport.
Br stmr Belgian King, Weiss. San Diego.
Schr Ruby A Cousins, Knudsen, Grays Har
bor.
Schr Sophia Sutherland, Schroeder. Fort
Bragg, in tow stmr Novo.
Schr Sacramento. Gruggel. Tillamook.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Nelson, Fort Ross.
Schr Reliance. Skipper. *.
RETURNED.
Saturday, August 28.
Schr Monterey. Knudsen, hence Aug 24. for
Coos Bay. returned on account of machinery
getting disabled.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The raft which arrived this morning from
Stella. Or, sot foul of the nine-fathom buoy.
which was brought to port with the raft and
now lies in the bay between Alcatraz Island
and Blossom Rock.
Schr Reliance, Skipper, hence Aug 25, for
Stewarts Point, returned same day on acoount
of the captain having his finger jammed in the
foresheet lock.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Coos Bay. Aug 26— From Point
Pedro to Ocean House passed legs from 60 to
75 feet long at Intervals and strewn along the
beach.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 28, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west: velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Aug 26— -Stmr Alliance, for
St Michael; stmr Willamette, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Czarina, with log raft In tow, for
San Francisco.
NEHALEM— SaiIed Aug 25— Schr Antelope.
Aug 23— Schr Albion, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug Schr
John A Campbell, from San Pedro.
Sailed Aug 25— Stmr St Paul, for Manila.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug 25— Stmr New
burg, for San Pedro.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Aug 26— Br stmr Orange
Branch— for Taku; stmr Columbia, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Aug 26— Br bark Sofala. from Port
Angeles.
CASPAR— Arrived Aug 26— Schr Maxim, hno
Aug 21.
VENTURA— Arrived Aug 26— Stmr Geo Loo
mis. for San Francisco.
Sailed Aug 26— Stmr Geo Loomis. for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 26— Schr Alice, from
San Pedro; schr Golden Gate, hence Aug 13.
Sailed Aug 26— Schr Laura Pike, for San
Francisco.
EOW ENS LANDING— SaiIed Aug 26— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 26— Schr Corinthian, hence Au
gust 24.
USAL— Arrived Aug 26— Stmr '.Rival, hence
August 25.
Sailed Aug 26— Stmr Newsboy, for San Fran
cisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared Aug 25— Ship Til
lie E Starbuck, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORT?.
YOKOHAMA— Aug 2-S-Stmr City of
Peking, hence Aug 6.
MUMBLES HEAD— Passed Aug 25— Br bark
Inverlochy, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
MANlLA— Arrived Aug 1:'. and not Aug 21—
Br stmr Wyeflold, hence July 3.
HlLO— Arrived Aug 13— Bktn Archer, hence
July 30. "_ -~,_ ' M
Sailed Aug 16— Haw bark Roderick Dhu. for
San Francisco
- TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 38— Stmr St Louis,
from Southampton, via Cherbourg; stmr Etru
ria from Liverpool: stmr La Touraine, from
Havre; stmr Mesnba, from London.
Sailed Aug 26— Stmr Lurania. for Liverpool;
stmr Marquette, forl London; stmr La Norman
die, for Havre: stmr Amsterdam, for Rotter
dam, via Boulogne. ■» «. r- . , .
BOSTON— Arrived Aug 26— Stmr Catalonia.
from Liverpool. " ' ,', '-_,* . __
HONGKONG— Arrived previously Aug 26—
Stmr America Main. from San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 26— Stmr Urn*
bri'i. from New York, for Liverpool.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived previously Aug 26—
Stmr City of Peking, from San Francisco. >
Bible Printed on Asses' Skins.
The most cc-stly book in the Royal
Library at Stockholm is a Bible. It is
said that 160 asses* skins were used for
its parchment leaves. There . are 309
pages of writing, and each page, falls
but one inch of being a yard in length.
The covers are solid planks four inches
thick.
1920
LUMBER RAFTING
AGAIN ON TRIAL
ON THIS COAST
Was Not a Financial
Success Last Year.
KNOCKED DOWN BY A CAR
ANTHONY ROSTER'S LIFE SAVED
BY A FENDER.
♦
Apprentice Boy Injured on the In
—Vessels Break Down,
The Steamer Rival Has
Changed Hands.
The tugs Rescue and Relief reached
port ln safety early yesterday morning
with the big raft of piles they towed from
Astoria. It was originally the intention
to remain out with it ail night, but as the
big structure showed signs of weakness
the captains of the tugs decided to come
in. The raft is now safely moored in Mis
sion Bay.
Another big raft ls now on tho way.
Yesterday the -Collier Csarina started
from Seattle with one that is GOO feet long.
It will take about nine days to tow lt
down, but Captain Seamans expects to
get lt here in safety. ■
The collier Miami, recently purchased In
the East for the Paciflc Coast Company.
arrived from Baltimore yesterday. She is
a line vessel and will bo a welcome addi
tion to the coast fleet. She will carry
coal from Puget Sound to San Francisco.
The steam schooner Rival haa been
purchased from the Blair estate by Robert
Dolbeer. She will run between here and
Usal.
The steamer Alice Blanehard was to
have sailed for Coos Bay yesterday, but
had to come back to her berth and tie up
owing to a patch on the boiler giving
way. The flres had to be drawn and the
steam blown off. It will take several days
to make necessary repairs, and in the
meantime the captain and crew saw the
parade and enjoyed a Sunday ashore.
The Santa Rosa took away a crowd cf
passengers for southern ports yesterday.
Among those bound for Port Los Angeles
was the Frawley company.
The steamer Belgian King goes from
here to San Diego to discharge her Chi
nese cargo. She will then come to San
Francisco and will be fitted out for a
transport. ■;
The steamer Albion is going to the Si
berian coast for another load of reindeer.
She will land a number of passengers at
Cape Nome and will then go alter the
reindeer, and her captain will also do
some trading with the natives. After land
ing the reindeer at Capo Prince of Wales
the Albion will go to Cape Nome again
and bring gold hunters home. '
The ship Wilna arrived from' A ladivo
stok via Hakodate yesterday. Frank
Mighell. son of the managing owner, came
back on the vessel, He haa been sick and
took the voyage for his health. He is now
as well as ever he was in his life.
Captain Rhodes has taken command of
the ship Florence and Captain Mercer of
the schooner Webfoot. .
The gasoline schooner Monterey started j
for Bowens Landing yesterday, but broke
down on the bar and had to coma back
for repairs. _. _T i
The transport Columbia came oft Hun- i
ters Point drydock yesterday and the
Sherman took her place. ;
Alfred Rippon, an apprentice boy on the
British bark Inveramsy, fell down the
hold of the vessel yesterday and broke his
left arm, sprained his right wrist and lac
erated bis face. He v. us treated at the
Harbor Hospital and was then removed
to Bt Mary' s Hospital by the captain.
Thomas Meeban, a resident of Half
moon Bay, narrowly escaped arrest for
cruelty to animals yesterday. He drove a
horse from Ukiah to Petaluma and then
brought the animal and wagon from Peta
luma to Ban Francisco on the steamer
Grace Barton. The poor brute had sore
shoulders and was in a bad condition
rally, hut nevertheless Meeban was
going to hitch It up and drive to Half
moon Bay had not Sergeant Tom Ma
honey stepped. In. Meehan was forced
to tako the horse to a livery stable and
have it cared for, and in consequence had
to secure another animal to take him to
Hall Moon Bay.
Anthony Roster of 1061 East Twen
tieth street, Oakland, was run
down by a Haight street car yes
terday, but was not seriously in
jured. He was crossing Market street
near the ferries, and in getting out of the
way of a wagon jumped in tront of the
car. He was knocked down and rolled
along a few feet, but the fender saved
him. He was taken to the Harbor Hos
pital, where Bis. Dorr and Murphy
dressed his wounds.
Patriotic Music at the Park.
March, "Return of the Troops" Cruells
Overture, '"Light Cavalry" Suppe
Selection from the military opera, the
"Black Hussar" Mlllocker
Waltz, "Dream on the Ocean" Gungl
"A Day ln Cam*" Reeves
Patriotic, "Old Flag Forever," national
song L. France
"American Battle Scent" Tobanl
Patriotic song, "The Sword of Bunker HUI"
Colvert
yaraphrase on "Home Sweet Home" Nehl
March, "Stars and Stripes" Bousa
. ♦ ■
Dear Madam: "Pegamoid" says come;
Tou're welcome. Chronicle building. No. 61.
■ • ■
Lashed Each Other With Whips.
Charles M. Knight and Emil Canepa,
flrlvers of rival delivery wagons, amused
themselves yesterday afternoon by driv
ing along Market street lashing each oth
er with their whips. At Market and Sec
ond streets they were arrested by Ser
geant McManus and two policemen and
taken to the City Prison, where a charge
of disturbing the peace was booked
against them.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
cr without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
St. Francis Church.
The members of the Gentlemen's Sodal
ity will receive holy communion this
morning at the 7:30 o'clock mass at St.
Francis Church. At the 11 o'clock mass
the pastor. Rev. T. Caraher, win preach
upon "The Consecration of Christendom
to the Sacred Heart." In the evening at
vespers Rev. Father McDonnell will speak
upon "Devotion in France and Paris to
tho Sax-red Heart." Father McDonnell
has made his theological studies in Paris
BUYERS • CARRIAGES * BUGGIES !
STUDEBAKER BROS, open this week a HUN-
DRED late styles in
TRAPS, RUNABOUTS, VICTORIAS and DRIVING WAGONS.
* The name STUDEBAKER is the guarantee.
Repair bills on a cheap Vehicle soon
make it a high-priced one.
On our third floor — 50 jobs, just reduced
On our third floor — 50 jobs, just reduced
to about HALF PRICE. Some as low as
$50.00. You will be interested.
pneumatic STUDEBAKER BROS. MFG. CO.,
pneumatic STUDEBAKER BROS. MFG. CO.,
BICJCIe Gear Wagons Market and Tenth Streets.
fn All Styles.
and this evening he will give his impres
sions of the queen city of the world. St.
Francis Reading Circle resumed its liter
ary work last Tuesday evening after va
cation. A large number of members were
present and several ladles were proposed
for membership.
PLAYER FOLK
THROUGH THE
CRITICS EYE
WITHOUT anything having been
said to provoke such a confession,
I may say that the remark in
Tuesday's issue, written between
"churchyard yawning and cock-crowing,"
about the wooden Inexperience with which
Oscar Norfleet handled his death, looked
at me rather accusingly from the printed
page. It is a question in my mind whether
any one could have done it better. To
face the audience and die at length, with
a Journal of last messages upon the lips
messages that could and should have been
delivered before the duel—ls such a cruel
and inartistic demand for a play to make
upon an actor that he should bo commis
serated rather than criticized. I cry "pec
cavi." Dissolution is at best a grewsome
process, and it is the creed of my dra
matic faith that death scenes will by tho
sword of revolution be lopped from the
drama of the future. Such scenes, coming
down to us with the classics from former
generations, are like the ark of the cov
enant, too sacred to be touched; but the
modern play need not, in pursuit of real-
Ism, lengthen out its acts with mawkish
and unreal gloom. In "Cavallerla Rub
tlcana" Alflo and Turrldu'flght their duel
to a mortal finish behind the scenes. This
piece of art needs no applause. It recom
mends itself by its visible influence on the
opinions of the people, who feel, if they
do not express a quiet relief at this
thoughtful indulgence to their sympathies.
Last week the suggestion was made that
the death of Rake in the desert be cut
from "Under Two Flags." It was tried
and found very good, though it did lead
to a humorous incident. The audience
missed a scene, and, tenacious of its
rights sat after the last drop, waiting,
like Oliver Twist, for "more." Mr. Lada
played the recessional, but no one budged.
Rising to the occasion, he faced the audi
ence with "Home, Sweet Home," and ges
tures indicating the exit. A short pause,
and then the solemn sitting broke up In
flee I have wandered some from "A
outhern Gentleman" and its death scene,
but since I have no affection for either
this is not remarkable. Next week Ho
henstauffen will be welcomed back, for Mr.
Clement has created here a truly human
interesting character, and his portrayal of
the role easily placed him upon a dra
matic height from which he will not easily
be lifted down. Tliere is some talk of his
playing "The Bells." I hope it ls not
mere hearsay.
• • ;_;** • ,:
Temporary* circumstances not possible
to override sometimes lessen the interest
of an Orpheum bill, but no management
keeps better faith with the people than
the Orpheum management. This con
stant and generally successful effort to
give the best is a pretty good touchstone
by which to try the services of those one
trusts. Felix Morris and a picked com
pany present this week Kerry," a one
act play, taken from Boucicault's "Night
and Morning." Little Arnold Graser and
Hazel Callahan do a new spectacular mir
ror dance; the Mouliere sisters perform on
the triple bar; Apollo bounds on a wire,
and the old favorites do new specialties.
-.-■-•■..• ■ •
Art, industry and time, the three most
powerful agents of progress, are produc
ing so much that Is forceful and admir
able in the dramatic world that the pauc
ity of new comic opera is the more ap
parent. A manager can return from the
East with his pockets stuffed with plays
one has never seen presented all
good, to be sure, but if one good comic
opera be found it is a signal for rejoicing
and Immediate praise service. Half the
world is early put to the piano. Much of
this musical energy is well directed and
good musicians are thus produced; but,
alas! so many of them are only musicians.
Genius has been cultivated at the expense
of general education and a certain narrow
mindedness not in touch with the world
is the result. Tlie librettist is supposed
to supply material for Inspiration, but
how shall the musician produce melody
for what he is not in sympathy with? The
best comic opera will be written by the
man who can do both. Comic opera
touches a large community with its influ
ence, and why should it be beneath the
ambitions of those who can handle a
theme with classical correctness? But
what I started out to say is that in spite
of this lack of material the Grand Opera
house, by reason of careful rehearsal and
novel spectacle, gives new interest to the
old and generally rewards its patrons lib
erally for their patronage. "Paul Jones"
is billed for Monday.
Mr. White Whittlesey played i Ingomar
last season to Miss Arthur's Parthenia
and easily shared the honors of the per
formance. To-morrow night the play is to
be produced at the Alcazar and an elab
orate production is promised. This is
Miss Roberts' last week. Her departure
will be regretted and her return looked
forward to with pleasure.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
Local Composers.
At last Barron Berthald, the splendid
tenor of the Tivoll grand opera company,
has gained recognition as Canio In "Pagli
acci." The public may not Immediately
appreciate the flne achievements of an
accomplished singer, but sooner or later
his value will become known, and then
the people are never backward In be
stowing the necessary applause. Thus It
occurred that Mr. Berthald was the sensa
tion of last week. His Canio was a veri
table revelation. In vocallsm, as well as
dramatic declamation, he obtained the
most gratifying results, and the many
curtain calls he received afforded ample
proof of the high esteem in which he is
held by those who witnessed his delightful
performance. Mr. Berthald is one of !
those few truly earnest artists who at
tend strictly to their duty by doing legiti
mate work without resorting to any
angling for effects.
Next week the Tlvoli will present two
operas whose worth is always appreciated
by the people, namely, "La Giaconda"
and "Rigoletto." The former will be pre
sented by the successful trio, Avedano,
Sala#sa and Miss Llchter, while the latter
will contain Miss Prossnitz, Berthald and
Mertens. This evening Mr. Berthald will
be heard for the first time as Turridu In
"Cavallerla Rusticana," and those who
desire to hear an interesting and artistic
performance of this effective role should
not fail to visit the theater. The more
the Tivoll season progresses the more
creditable become the performances.
In reviving the music of Suppe the
Grand Opera-house made a very wise
move, for his operas are among those
which are truly good and retain neverthe
less the popular favor. The dashing,
rhythmic spirit that runs through "Clo
ver" will never fail to please the masses,
and whenever music is thus constructed
that lt harbors besides a meritorious qual
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. AUGUST 27, 1899.
ale's.
hales helpers had a holiday all day Friday, when "johnny came marching home."
ladies' underwear
Jl kid-fitting corsets 55C
fine French sateen, 2 side steels on
each Bide, heavily boned, designed for
long waist, full bust and hips, 15
inches long in front, 12 inches under
arms, 14 inches in back, 5 hook clasps,
neatly edged top with silk em-
broidery, sizes IS to 26, in black only.
85c muslin gowns , 69c
Good soft-finished muslin, fancy
round yoke, with 3 lawn ruffles edged
with imitation torchon lace, cuffs and
neck trimmed with lawn ruffle and lace
edges.
children's muslin drawers.. 12-*_c pair
made of heavy soft-finished muslin,
seams all felled, cluster of 3 tucks and
hem at bottom, well made, for all ages
2 to 12 years.
children's flannelette gowns.43c each
cut mother hubbard style, carefully
sewn, sizes from 4 to 12 years, assorted
patterns, pink and blue stripes and
checks.
ladies' ribbed vests 50c each.
high neck and short sleeves, 2-3 wool,
in silver gray, nicely finished, self
front, pearl button, satin-taped neck.
Beams all covered, sizes email and me-
dium, regular 75c line.
ladies' hosiery 91.10 dozen
seamless fast black cotton hose, full
length, with elastic tops, double heels
and toes, sizes 8% to 10.
misses' black hose, 3 pr 50c. 91.83 doz
misses' black hose, 3 pr 50c. .91-83 doz
narrow rib, black cotton hose, with
French feet, full finish, French toes
and heels.
new notions
our fall assortment of ostrich boas
and collarettes is a long array in a
great variety, from IS inches to 54
inches in length; the prices range from
$1 to $22
the novelty of this fall is a beaded
elastic belt; we have a complete assort-
ment just in with a range of prices
from 65c to 96.00
for a beaded yoke or the crown of a
hat the new spangled netting is the
most excellent article; new and com-
plete assortment of patterns just In.
silk applique guimpe; black and white
colors in pretty designs; one Inch
wide 25c
soutache braid; comes in all colors;
24 yards to a piece 19c
beaded and spangled guimpe; tt and
% inch wide, that usually sells
for 25c and 90c; we have two lots
at 10c and 15c
eagle pins, all sizes He paper
darning cotton, in brown, white, steel
and black 2c ball
bone hairpins; a good quality; 3
inches long 10c dozen
6-inch shell ornaments 5c each
new neckwear and ribbons.
we bought a manufacturer's samples
of ladles' neckwear, so there is but one
of a kind; a few of them show slight
effects of handling; they are in three
lots and at the prices are less than half
their values Use, 48c and 98c
good quality all-silk ribbon; satin and
gros-grain; a new stock; in all colors.
no. 2 2%c no. 12 10c
no. 5 5c no. 16... 12"4 c
no. 7 Oc no. 22 I 5c
no. 9.... 81-3 C no. 40 UOc
black veiling in tuxedo and Russian
nets, plain and chenille dots, IS inches
wide, ln all styles of meshes; also
white with black chenille dots; it is the
regular 25c value at 15c
ity a tendency to tickle the ear,
it has an educating effect, and will prove
not alone conducive to the financial pros
perity of the house, but will also develop
into an artistic performance.
The Ebell Society of Oakland gave a
most Interesting recital at its club rooms
yesterday afternoon, during which the lo
cal composers had an opportunity to be
heard. Miss Sharon sang compositions by
P. C. Allen and W. J. McCoy, W. E. Lien
unt played a violin solo by McCoy and
Robert E. Newell rendered piano solos by
Adolph Cheek. It was certainly a very
resting affair. . •'
- Griswold, the accomplished
barytone, will open the musical season of
Oakland with a carefully arranged con
cert ln which Miss Newlands, the well
known soprano, will participate. Other
performers will be Miss Elizabeth West
gate of Alameda, Alex. Stewart of Oak
land, the Stewart string quartet and Miss
Constance Jordan.
Rhys Thomas states that the announce
ment of his joining the Castle Square
Opera Company was not quite correct.
he management sent him a contract in
order that he might attac.. his signature,
but his duties here are so pressing that
he was obliged to refuse the engagement.
In the meantime the management took it
for granted that Mr. Thomas would ac
cept its terms and Immediately Included
his name in the list of players for the
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
/it Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street-Rev. J.
.$» George Gibson.
■  _
<s> —
%> Hamilton Square Baptist. Post street, near
<- Stelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
<4> - — - — — —
<*> First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones— Rev.
<§> * E. A. Woods. D.D.
❖ . -s ■'■--■■: '
<*> -— —
<*> Ki. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
<*> O'Farreil streets— Rev. Father Prender
<J> gast, V. G.
,♦
<£> St. Mary's (Paullst), Dupont and California
<»> streets— Rev. Father Wyman.
«> --li*
,s> — '
<«> St. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
,i, street— Jesuit Fathers.
<J>
♦
♦
«f» Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near
•|> Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near
/i. . Mission— William Rader.
a_ - —
<s> Bethany, corner Bartlett and Twenty-flfth
<;> streets— Rev. W. C. Pond.
4> —
4> Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
<$> avenue and Clement street— Rev. Philip
<•> Coombe.
❖
_
<S> First Congregational, corner Post and
<§> First Congregational, corner Post and
<$> Mason streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
■f
<£. — — — —^— — — — — — — — — — — — —
<|> St. Stephen's, Fulton street, near Fillmore—
«$> St. Stephen's, Fulton street, near Fillmore—
... Clergy of St. Stephen's.
<§> —
<§> St. Stephen's Mission. 1712 Hayes street—
<••> St. Stephen's Mission, 1712 Hayes street—
f Clergy of St. Stephen's.
St. James Mission, Sixth avenue and Cle
<s> ment street, Richmond— Clergy of St.
4> Stephen's.
<$> .
<£ Church of the Advent (Episcopal), Eleventh
<£. street, near Market— Herbert Par
<s> ish, rector.
<f> St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
f" street— Bishop Moreland, rector.
*|> Trinity, Bush and Gough streets— Rev. H.
4> S. Hanson.
«j> .
<$> St. Paul's, California street, near Fillmore
<*> Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly, rector; Rev. A.
SRev. Maxwell Rellly, rector; Rev. A.
C. Wilson, assistant.
I
<e>
<^ California Street Methodist, corner Callfor
<£ California Street Methodist, corner Callfor
<!> nia and Broderick street*— Frederick
«$> C. Lee.
<§ _
<» A. M. E. Zlon, 805 Stockton street— Rev. T.
<£> Brown.
<P
&
<£ Central Methodist Episcopal, Mission street,
<f> Central Methodist Episcopal. Mission street,
«$ near Sixth— Rev. C. E. Locke.
♦
<fc> — . —_, _
S Howard-street M. E.. between Second and
Third streets— Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
t
♦
Hale's,
what's new?
ask hales
hales are in touch with the times; joining the
jollification means that ; having the new fall goods
now means that, hales store is up to date;
come here for new goods — good goods.
new dress goods
colored bengaline silks, popular figures for fall
costumes and separate skirts, in very heavy cords
and in all the new colors and cream... .9l-25 yard
fancy cameo taffeta silks in all the new fancy
shades cyclamen, cerise, browns, heliotrope, ma-
rine, 19 inches wide 1.00 a yard
fancy corded silks, a fall creation for fancy
waists, in turquols. pervenche, cyrano, new blues
and cerise, all with heavy white cord stripes, 20
Inches wide 91.25 a yard
new plaid silks, extra heavy quality, 19 inches
wide, in all the popular colorings 91-60 a yard
black peau de sole, a very popular silk this sea-
son ; it is double-faced and heavy enough for tailor
costumes, 21 inches wide 91.50 a yard
homespun cheviots ln fancy mixtures, very pop-
homespun cheviots ln fancy mixtures, very pop-
ular for stylish suits, 50 inches wide ...91.00 yard
colored Venetian cloths, extra heavy, for tailor
costumes, ladies' and children's wraps, in new blues,
tans and browns, full 54 inches wide — 91.50 yard
elegant plaids, ln the new camels' hair, in new
and pleasing colorings, 48 inches wide, popular for
separate skirts 91-50 yard
black clay serges, a dressy cloth for tailor suits.
In heavy twill, 54 inches wide 91-50 yard
black cheviots, guaranteed showerproof, with no
shrinking or spotting from wet, elegant for fall
costumes, 50 Inches wide 91-25 yard
best English black crepons, imported direct from
the manufacturers, Hale's exclusive designs. 90.00,
97.50, 99.00, 910.50 and 912.00 suit
black silk souffle crepons, in stripe effects and
figured designs, 44 inches wide — 918 and 921 suit
new Persian all-silk ribbons, half inch wide, no. 2, 10c
yard. #ew Persian all-silk ribbons, I* inches wide, no. 7,
20c a yard.
new beaded and spangled net robes, with waist sets to
match, $17.50 and $20.
we v__|/ -55) _s=s=r> we
at /M fippn* at
at /£* OOOD^^ at
Six SIX
935-937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street.
935-937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street.
next season. However, Bernice Holmes. :
Barron Berthald and William Mertena
have signed their contracts.
The Ilarmonle Singing Society, under
the direction of Herman Genss, is dili
gently preparing for a series of grand
concerts to be given next season and as
soon as the old Philharmonic Orchestra
is fully organized efforts will be made
to combine both orchestra and chorus in
some affairs that will be novel as well as
very instructive.
It is announced that the German Thea
ter is to be reopened. For some time
these performances were discontinued be
cause of the fact that the management
was unable to obtain a suitable place. It
seems, however, that they succeeded in
making satisfactory arrangements with
the management of the Bush-street Thea
ter, where the performances will soon be
resumed. No definite date has as yet been
fixed for the commencement of the new
season. It will be announced later.
A reunion was held at the Yon Meyer-
lnck school of music last week, during
which a flne musical programme was
rendered. One of the coming events at
that school will be an evening devoted to
local composers. It seems to have be
come the fad now to devote some time
to local composers, and it is a fad worthy
of the heartiest encouragement. Not too
much time can be devoted to local com
posers, among which we have here more
Morning— "Why Is His Chariot so Long in
Coming?" Evening— "Neither Do I Con-
demn Thee."
Morning— "Home Coming." Evening— "Wor-
ship and Preaching." •..'.;■>
Morning— Preaching by Rev. Dr. C. A.
Buckbee. Evening— Sermon by Rev. John
Downle.
Morning— Feast of the Sacred Heart of
Mary; solemn high mass; sermon by one
of the Fathers. Evening— Solemn vespers
and sermon. ._
Morning— Sermon by Father Hopper at 11
o'clock mass. Evening— Sermon by Father
Held after vespers.
Morning— Solemn high mass at 10:30 and
sermon by Father Sasia, S. J. Evening-
Solemn vespers and sermon by Rev.
Father Woods. S. J.
Morning— "A Word for the Man Who Sue-
ceeds." Evening— "The Soldier."
Morning— Address- by Mrs. Lillian Reeves,
a returned missionary. Evening— "Bun-
yan and the Pilgrim's Progress.'
Morning— "The Highest Motive of Action."
Afternoon— of corner stone of new
building. Evening— "The Welcome to Our
Volunteers."
Morning— Rev. L. D. Bevan. D.D., of Mcl-
bourne, Australia, will preach. Evening-
Sermon by pastor. •■-':.'.
Morning— Hcly communion. 7; morning
prayer, 11. Evening— Evensong. 7:45.
Morning— school at 9:30. Evening-
Evensong at 8. i.IX-X
Morning— school at 9:45: morning
prayer at 11. Evening— at 8.
Mcrnlng— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Same. . ; . ■
Morning— Sermon by Bishop Moreland.
Evening— Same. '
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Same. .
Holy Communion at 7:30 a. m. Sunday-
school at 9:30 a. m. Morning services and
sermon by the rector at 11 a. m. Evening
services and monthly choral even song at
7:46 p. m. ■;„-, ■
Morning— "The Angel of . -01;?0?.?1-1*"
Evening-- 'Tn the Beginning of God.
Morning— "The Homeless Savior." Even-
ing— "Christ and the Negro, or the South-
crn Outrages and Lynchlngs.
Morning— Address by Dr. Locke on "Meth
odism." . Evening— "Some Enemiea of the
Home." - ■ -■ v/
Morning— "Seed Time and Harvest." Even-
Birthday celebration— ninety-first of
Father Waugh. . the oldest f Methodist
preacher on the coaat; he will deliver a
•ermon on "Secret of a Grand Old Age.
Hales.
2500 yards of roller linen toweling, 16 inches wide,
the 7-__c quality, at 5c yard
50 pieces of linen bleached roller toweling, 17
Inches wide, very heavy quality 10c yard
1200 yards white nainsook stripes, 7*?_c and Bttc
qualities, at 6c yflJ**d
50 pairs tan-colored cotton blankets, slightly
soiled, but otherwise good; 75c quality, 55c pair;
the 90c quality 60c pair
50 pairs white blankets, with pink and blue bor-
ders, all wool, 63x76 Inches, regular value $3.50,
at 92.95 pair
flannelettes, in light colors, pink and blue
stripes, nice colorings 5c yard
30 pieces unbleached table damask, extra heavy,
for hotel use; 66 inches wide, 75c yard; 72 inches
wide 90c yard
800 dozen towels, fine weaves, with fringed edges;
17x34 inches, 10c each; 19x39 inches, 12-£ c each;
21x41 inches. 20c each; 23x48 inches 25c each
50 dozen damask towels, all linen, with knotted
fringe and colored borders, 21x44 Inches — 25c each
250 dozen all-linen bleached napkins, 22x22 inches,
extra value at 91-50 a dozen
100 dozen all-linen bleached napkins, flne double
damask, 24x24 inches 93.00 dozen
150 pieces of linen bleached table damask, im-
ported direct; 62 inches wide, 40c yard; 62 Inches
wide, 50c yard; 70 inches wide, 75c yard; 72
inches wide, 91-60 yard; finer grades 72 Inches
wide 91.25, 91-50 and 92.00 yard
15 pieces table damask, bleached, all pure linen,
heavy quality, 66 Inches wide, extra value at
65c yard
10 pieces all-linen bleached table damask, good
value at 65c 50c yard
25 pieces table damask, very heavy quality, good
hotel linen, 64 inches wide 50c yard
10 pieces unbleached table damask, 58 inches wide, all
linen, good heavy quality, for hotels and restaurants, 50c
quality, for 38c a yard.
able talent than many are aware of.
Oscar Weil, the efficient composer and
musician, has returned from the southern
part of the State, where he spent a few
weeks in order to regain his health, which
began to fail somewhat of late. His
friends are delighted to find that his trip
has been very beneficial to him.
ALFRED METZGER.
Convicts Sentenced.
Judge Cook yesterday sentenced Frank
Lane, convicted of grand larceny, to five
years in Folsom. Edward O'Connell, con
victed of an assault with a deadly weapon,
was sentenced to pay a flne of $500, with
the alternative of three months in the
County Jail. Judge Lawlor sent Charles
Jackson to San Quentln for one year for
burglary.
St. Mary's Cathedral.
Tho feast of the Sacred Heart of Mary
will be celebrated in St. Mary's Cathedral
this morning by a solemn high mass, com
mencing at 11 a. m. Haydn's Third Mass
will be produced by an augmented choir.
On this occasion Master Marshall Gisel
man, aged 16, will preside at the large or
gan during the entire service. Professor
R. J. Harrison will act as conductor.
■ ♦ .
Keith's announcement, society page. •
<$ Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes, and Bu-
<_?> chanan streets-— J. Stephens.
<8>
<*>
<$> Trinity Methodist Episcopal, corner Market.
<*> Sixteenth and Noe streets— Rev. Theodore
<*> H. Woodward. ■-.-:■•■ ■■■•';-":"'".
& -j :
<jv Grace M. E., corner Twenty-flrst and Capp
<$• Grace M. E.. corner Twenty-first and Capp
<Jv streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
<*>
<!> First M. E., Powell street, near "Washlng-
<§> ton— Rev. "W. S. Urmy.
<!> Epworth M. E., corner Church and Twen-
<§> ty-slxth streets— Rev. "W. M. "Woodward.
<g>
<$> Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
<$> Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
<^> Webster streets— Rev. S. S. Cryor. ; *■:;.
♦
<•> :
<j> First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue and
<£> Sacramento street ßev. Robert Macken-
4> zle.
<§* Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth and
<$> Railroad avenues— Rev. H. N. Bevler.
<$>
<*> Calvary Presbyterian. Powell and Geary
<!> streets— Rev. John Hemphill.
<8> ' XXX' .
<$>
.
*l«> Franklin Street Presbyterian, corner Frank-
<$> lin and Vallejo streets— Rev. David James.
4>
«$> _
<e>
<$> First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
SGate avenue and Polk street— H. H.
Bell.
<?> _— .
<s> First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
<$> and Franklin streets — Rev. Horatio Steb-
<?> bins, D.D., minister emeritus.
A .
<J> Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Cann
Q> Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp
-!>■ streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
<£> New Jerusalem (Swedenborgian), 1626
<h O'Farreil street— Rev. D. V. Bowen.
4 : —
<$> T. M. C. A.. Mason and Ellis streets— H. J.
<$> *. McCoy, secretary.
<$> — : * v : —
<**> First Church of **: Christ. . Scientist, 223
<*> Sutter street, between Kearny street and
<S> Grant avenue— The Bible and Science and
••_ Health, With Key to the Scriptures.
<f> Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ, 320
<«> Post street.
*$■
<3> _
<»
<?> Theosophlcal I Society, Odd Fellows' build
•<*> ing. ;/■,-;.. r;,* *.->..
-S* ■ : .
S First Divine Science Church, ln Yosemlte
Hall. Native Sons' building— M. E.
<$> Cramer, pastor.
<$, : . _ __
S Friends' Meeting, at Swarthmore Hall. 570
<!> Harrison street, between First and Sec
<s> ond streets. — •.•*■...•..>
<» —
<t> First English Lutheran, 1319 Geary street—
<^ Rev. E. Nelander. ■.-'.> '*
<-» ■ ■ *. "
<§►. ; ;
❖ .
•* First Christian, Twelfth street, near Mls
s ■ion-Rev. V. S. Ford.
Hales.
new linens
OTA MUST BE DEPORTED
SAYS SECRETARY GAGE
JUDGE DE HAVEN'S OPINION IS
NOT SUSTAINED.
NOT SUSTAINED.
The Japanese Merchant Will Ask the
Secretary to Grant Him a
Rehearing.
Deputy United States Commissioner
Schell received a dispatch yesterday from
the Secretary of the Treasury approving
of the decision of United States Immigra
tion Commissioner North in refusing to
allow S. Ota to land. Ota was suffering
from a contagious disease and for that
reason Commissioner North would not
allow him to come ashore on his return
from Japan.
Last Thursday morning United States
District Judge de Haven rendered an
opinion on habeas corpus in which he said
that Commissioner North had erred in or
dering Ota to be deported.
The facts found by the Court were that
Ota was a merchant doing business in this
Morning— "Follow Jesus." Evening— <£
Universal Desire and the Divine Satlsfac- <$
tion" ; special music.
. . <$,
Morning — "Hunger." Evening "Wings, or <*>
a Useless Wish."
X.X 1 **»
■ _ _ A
Morning— by the pastor. Evening— »J>
"The Dignity of Labor." <§>
__ <*>
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening— <$>
Same. <*>
— — — a,
Morning— "The Double Portion." Evening— <»>
Morning— "The Double Portion." Evening— <s>
"Our Obligation to and Responsibility to ' _>
Our Soldiers." X
Morning— sermon by the pastor. <a>
Evening— Same.
,♦
Morning— Sermon by Rev. H. H. Winter S
Morning— Sermon by Rev. H. H. Winter %
Evening— Same. X
__J *%
Morning— "The Home Coming." Evening— %
"Come and See." * £
Morning— by Rev. Gilbert Reid; spe- %
cial music. Evening— Sermon by the pas- <*,
tor; subject, "Harmony Between Creed <*>
and Deed." ;:.\- ■- ;v* '.<&
Morning— Preaching by Rev. Thomas Day <$.
of San Anselmo Seminary. Evening— <*>
Same. , • . <*,
Morning— Onsweep of the Kingdom." <*>
Evening— "The Babylonish Garment." <$>
-f
Morning— Chaplain Frederick C. Brown, U. 4
S. N., will occupy the pulpit. Evening— ' <*>
No service. <»>
— — __ <j»
Morning— "The Eddies and the Currents." <s>
Evening— No service. :' •'-":"** •$>
"Correspondence, or Spiritual Law <§>
in the Natural World." Evening— ser- *!>
vice. <^
<S
Afternoon — Rev. L. J. Carver will speak. <*>
Afternoon— Rev. L. J. Carver will speak. &
Subject, "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde." <•>
: . : 4
Morning— "Man" ; services at 11. All are <-•>
welcome. . • <J>
xi ■■■-■ - •*»
t~XX <i>
<$>
<$>
Morning— Preaching by C. A. Perkins; sub- <•>
ject, "The True Light. Eternal Life, How <<»
Obtained." Evening— Preaching by A. C. <<»
Barmon. <§>
: : : <S>
Evening— . "Karma Astrologically <$>
Considered," by Mrs. M. C. Bell. <«>
4>
Morning— Discourse at 11 by the pastor; sub- <$
Morning— Discourse at 11 by the pastor; sub- <§►
Ject, "Healing Through Divine Science." *%
: ! <$,
Services every Sunday morning at 11 o'clock. <»>
<?>
. . - •?'*<**>
_ . _^ ; <S>
<e>
Morning— "The Philippine . Earthquake." <$>
Evening— "A Lesson From Nero's House- <§>
hold." ■■:**?■••: _:-. ..::.'-: «S>
_ ; _ <§>
Morning— "Known by His Wounds." Even- ♦
. ing— "The Kingdom of Christ." <»>
Hales.
new golf hats.
large and varied assortment of
these new and popular ready-to-wear
hats, trimmed in various tasteful de-
signs, neutral tints, grays, tans,
browns, beige and pearl $1.25 to
$3.00. see them in the window.
300 straw sailors and shapes, for-
mer prices from 25c to 75c, all on
sale at 15c. l
new tailor suits
our buyers are alert for the new
good- in tailor suits and cloaks ex-
press shipments are coming in every
day— we are showing some beautiful
suits in black broadcloth and Venetian
textures— handsomely trimmed with
raw-edge tailor stitching and applique.
black and navy blue cheviot serge
suits, fly front jacket, short back, dip
front, silk serge lined, nicely finished,
3-plece skirt, pleated back, well lined
and nicely bound, sizes 34 to 40
98.50 suit
medium gray cheviot suits, with fly
front Jackets, black taffeta silk lined,
skirts percaline lined, well finished
throughout and a guaranteed fit. sizes
32 to 40 910 suit
new golf capes, fancy plaid hoods, in
the very newest styles from 95 up
for all over the house
bits from the busy bazaar that caters
to so many little needs in the house-
hold:
Irish linen note paper and envelopes,
antique finish, a nice correspondence
paper 10c quire
envelopes 10c package
coin purses of genuine alligator leather
with outside pocket for handkerchief
: 50c
toilet soap, of balsam of tulu and but-
termilk, 3 cakes in a box 7c box
comb and brush, brush solid back, all
bristles with good rubber comb, the
2 for.. 35c
curling irons 5c
Rogers' celebrated .teaspoons, set of
6 91.00
sterling plate medium knives, set of
6....?... 90c
8-inch oup and saucer easel 10c
burnished gilt frames, 4x4 inch.. .. 17c
wood salt boxes 10c
chopping bowl ......15c
chopping knife 5c
8-inch semi-porcelain plates, 6 for.6sc
Watland tea cups and saucers, 6
for TSc
"Watland coffee cups and saucers, 6
for 90c
shirt waist sets, 6 pieces 25c
shears, 7, 8 and 9 inch long ...20c
men's furnishings
new fall patterns In percale shirts, in
broad and fancy stripes and heavy
checks, with cuffs to match open
backs only — for men and boys; sizes
12% to 16% 75c
new fall underwear of sanitary wool
and camel's hair — a dependable gar-
ment finished in the best manner ln
every way; good weight for San Fran-
cisco climate and guaranteed qual-
ity 91-25 garment.
men's half-hose in natural gray cam-
el's hair and black; good heavyweight;
also lighter weight in natural gray
and black; exceptionally good sox at
25c a pair 9--- •75 dozen
| city for the past eight years, and that ha
had returned from a four months absence
which he had spent in Japan buying $5000
worth of goods for his store in this city,
and that he was suffering from a conta
gious disease. He was refused admission
on the ground of disease. The contention
on his behalf was made that he was a
i domiciled alien and that he was not an
i alien Immigrant. Judge de Haven dis
j missed the writ because he did not think
I that the District Court had any right to
review the action of the Commissioner.
Ota will appeal for a rehearing, and will
offer additional evidence and authorities
to show that he should be admitted.
Sudden Death of W. J. Thompson
W. J. Thompson, proprietor of the "W. J.
Thompson Milling Company, expired sud
denly at thirty-five minutes after 4
o'clock yesterday afternoon in his office,
at 326 Mission street, of heart disease,
with which he had been afflicted for some
time. He was 63 years old and resided
with his wife and family at 268 Golden
Gate avenue. The body was removed to
the residence of the deceased.
! « THE CREDIT HO USE* \
j Six Stories High
4^50 ■
[f/fvso
! I Damask covered, deep I
♦ Damask covered, deep!!
fringed,tuf ted couch. Good!
j f ringed,tufted couch. Good;;
; j upholstering. Good length j
{upholstering. Good length;;
land breadth. Pleasing col- 1
Sand breadth. Pleasing col-:'
lors. An invitation to thej
jors. An invitation to the:
weary; a lure for the lazy.'
SI $4,501
j.... * $4.50\
! Visit our drapery department. Take
; a look at our stock. It 's worth your!
| while if you don't buy now; and we
I like to show things. \
I Curtains that a romping boy could- \
! n't injure— filmy lace fit for a princess' j
X boudoir. ;
I Table covers for tl* parlor or play-! !
I room. . \
CARPET DEPARTMENT j
Every woman of taste would pos-?
sess a "high-pile" carpet— Moquette, i
! Velvet, Axminster— names that mean J
as much for wearing quality as they s
; I do for beauty. f
|| / Genuine Axminster, sewed ar?d laid, 5
| $i a yard. •
II Tapestry. Brussels — good grade — J
1 1 good designs— sewed and laid 50c a yard. J
5
fj Free delivery. Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley A
I M, FRIEDMAN & CO., \
I 233 to 237 Post St. j
I Open evenings Near Stockton ■
l»l« >l«IH*»»l«l»l«l»l«l«l«WI«t>|
RW
R ADWAYS'S BEADY RELIEF has stood
RADWATS'S BEADY RELIEF hu stood
unrivaled before the public for 60 year» as a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
Headache, Toothache and all pains. Internally
lor Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All druggUtiTHE SUNDAY CALL
THAT CARRIED
NAPOLEON
FROM
ELBA
TO
FRANCE
SHE IS A WRECK
IN
MONTEREY BAY.
Copyrighted.
f***""*Y LEEPT old Monterey has long
Vps been recognized as the historical
V— } treasure vault of California, and
j*********' beneath the placid waters of her
* blue bay, «*.. blue that it la un
equaled, save by beautiful Naples, there
lies the treasure of all historical relics
but a few fathoms beneath the surface.
It Is nothing more nor less than the
rotting timbers of the good ship Na
talie, formerly the Inconstant, the
ptanch little craft that played so im
portant a part in the making of the
world's history. This small, helpless
wreck, whose slender ribs are now over
grown with eeaweed, was the ship
which conveyed the great Napoleon
from Elba to France, whence he had
been exiled.
After having served France for a
r served France for a
number of years the Inconstant was
Bold to the Mexican Government and
used on this coast In the early '40's as
a coeta garda, cr revenue cutter. When
she became the property of the Span
lards her name as changed to the
Natalie. In IS-13 she was wrecked ln
Monterey Bay. where her poor old
bones are still visible on the sandy bot
tom.
The story is most intensely interest-
■ Is • int rest
ing, especially when told by some of
the old residents of this quiet little
ultra Mexican town, which always re
minds one of a leaf tern from some
book of early history of Alta California.
Captain Lambert, an old and highly
ighly
respectable resident of Monterey, a man
of most striking and magnetic presence,
coupled with great intelligence, one
. one
who has read, traveled and observed
much, and what is better still, mem*
bered lt all, gives a most graphic de
scription of the .wreck and history of
this noted brigantine that had seen
Eervice in all waters and played her
little part in changing the map of the
world. According to Captain Lambert's
narrative the Natalie was doing service
as a customs cruiser for the Mexican
Government in ISI3.
The circumstances of the return of
; " rel am of
Napoleon Bonaparte from Elba to hi.-*
beloved France are well known to all,
but lt Is remarkable that the only tan
gible remnant of that hazardous under
taking, the brigantine Natalie, lies
buried but a few fathoms beneath the
surface of Monterey Bay. There for
fifty-five years the sea fauna and the
teredo have been close companions of
the brave little ship.
The Inconstant was selected for the
ted for the
*.—■*• 'because she was the smartest
craft, the swiftest sailer and command
ed by the most loyal and daring master
of all the oiu French skippers.
The month of February, 1815, wit
nessed the consummation of this incon
ceivable undertaking, which threatened
the peace of Europe and upset the plans
of the continental statesmen. Fro*n th<_
22d to the 25th of tat month the brig
antine cruised off the island of Elba,
watching and waiting for a' prear
ranged signal from the loyal hearts
ashore. On the night of the 25th the
Blgnal flashed tho glad intelligence that
all was in readiness and twenty-four
hours later Napoleon Bonaparte was
safe on the quarterdeck.
A voyage of three days landed him
at Cannes, where he was greeted with
the shouts and tears of nearly a thou
sand veterans, the remnant of the im
mortal Guard. By Judiciously worded
proclamations, In which he promised
security of property to the people, to
the soldiers martial fame and to the
citizen class a constitution in accord
ance with the demands of the age, he
quickly won all hearts. Marshals
fioult, Ney and Massena were won over
In turn, the tricolor was brought from
its concealment and publicly set up
everywhere again.
In vain did the Count d'Artois hasten
to Lyons to save his brother's throne.
He was encountered by the universal
cry of "Vive l'Empereur!" On March
2<» and before a shot was fired, Louis
XVIII fled from the throne to which
he had Just been restored by the com
bined armies of the world and Napoleon
was once more Dictator, only to fall
again and forever, and leave his bones
resting on a foreign shore, Just as be
fell the historic little Natalie in Mon
terey Bay.
"One night," said Captain Lambert.
"It was In March of the same year, the
commander of the Natalie, together
v.ith all the officers of th** wardroom.
came ashore to enjoy themselves in the
customary amusement of the times a
fandango. The night was dark and a
heavy fog hung to westward of the bay.
A more ireful skipper would probably
have taken greater precautions and
Been to It that his ship was safely
moored against the chance of the nasty
weather which threatened her safety.
But then, you know what a Mexican ls
In ordinary ranch life. It is always
'man .na,' and he is no better as a
shipmaster. Everything Is put off till
the morrow. So he left his ship almost
unprotected, with nothing better than
a pleasure-loving Mexican crew to
guard her from the threatening dan
gers.
"Soon after the captain had landed
'• captain had landed
with his staff the weather shut down
thick. The crew, realizing that they
were unobserved, concluded that it
would be real fun to take a hand In the
fandango themselves. They piled Into
the long boat and pulled ashore, leav
ing the little brigantine to fight her
own battles with wind and waves. The
officers of the Natalie repaired to what
was then known as the most notorious
dancehouse in California— Bai Oro,
or Golden Ball, which was situated on
the corner of Pearl and Alvarado
Btreets— there it is, just across the
.street," said Captain Lambert, pointing
to a quite modern-looking two-story
building opposite. "Although she looks
a bit modern now, you must know that,
like most of the old adobes in this town,
the original walls only remain, the rest
having been rebuilt to fulfill the re
quirements of the times." However,
that is the old Golden Ball.
"Well, as I have remarked, the Na
talie was left without a man jack to
lend a hand, and when the morning
broke, after a heavy southeast night,
not a spar nor a timber was left vis
ible above the water. The gritty little
ship had broken her moorings and
dragged her helpless hulk to th** shal
low, shelving beach, not more than 200
yards from shore, where she foundered,
and there she lies to this day, hammer
ing her tough little teak bones on the
sandy bottom of Monterey Bay.
"And she was teak built, too," said
Captain Lambert, with an honest glow
of reminiscent pride, "the kind of ship
you don't see nowadays; solid teak and
copper fastened, with copper bolts as
heavy as the stanchions on a modern
battleship. Just walk over here with
me to Duarte's flsh market. I will show
you the Natalie's rudder.
This was washed ashore, or rather
was loosened from the ship during a
heavy southeast storm last winter, and
young Mr. Duarte, by careful diving
and bottom searching, secured the rud
der and brought it ashore just as you
see it now. Take your penknife and
cut Into the wood. See how firm the
grain is.
"Now, my boy, those were the days
when they built ships to last for gener
ations. No iron or steel ship of mod
ern construction could possibly have
withstood the wear and tear of fifty
five years beneath the water and leave
a piece of this size in sight. Just no
tice the copper bolts with which she is
braced. Why, the copper itself in that
rudder Is worth $20 to-day, and her
fastenings when she was built must
have cost a small fortune. No, she was
not of the old-fashioned,, round-bowed,
high-pooped style that you might Im
agine. She was rather a smart-look
ing, trim-built little brigantine, and
her lines were similar to those you
will find in the South Sea Island trade
to-day. Of course, her shrouds and
cordage were much heavier than you
Bee on the modern craft, as steel rig
ping was entirely unknown in her time.
But, all ln all, she was a sleek, well
built little vessel, with a clean pair of
heels that might have shown great
sailing qualities.
"Yes, she was armed after a fashion.
She carried one bronze swivel gun for
ward and small arms, principally old
fashioned Spanish rifles and cutlasses
in brackets about the masts 'tween
decks. It would probably be worth a
diver's while to make a diligent Bearch
for that old bronze cannon, for lt would
certainly bring a fair price from, any
collector of historical curiosities. No,
to my knowledge no one has ever at
tempted to rescue this rare piece of
metal.
"Oh! you need have no doubts as to
the authenticity of the ship. She ls the
same bit of marine architecture that
carried Napoleon to France upon his
escape from Elba when he started on
his last 'wild rampage with the avowed
intention of changing the political ge
ography of the world. Had it not been
for his terrible repulse and downfall
at Waterloo, it is very probable that
the Natalie would not this day be
grinding her bleached bones beneath
the waters of Monterey, but on the con
trary she would be preserved by France
as the ship which had conveyed the
greatest general from exile to his
grandest victory.
Captain Bralee, another old-time
skipper, who lives in Monterey, re
members the vessel, which was plainly
visible when he arrived there in 1844.
Captain Bralee said: "I arrived in Mon
terey on Admiral Sloat's flagship, the
Savannah, In IS 14. We were warned by
the harbor master to beware of our an
chorage, as a Mexican revenue cutter
had been sunk and her upper works
came very near the surface. I have
looked at the old ship many times in
the last fifty years and have watched
the gradual decay of the historical old
vessel. She was undoubtedly the ship
which carried Napoleon from Elba to
France, just previous to the battle of
Waterloo.
"She was a brigantine — that is. a
two-masted craft, square-rigged for
ward, with fore and aft sails on main
mastsomething seldom seen at the
present time. She was constructed on
what might -be -termed* modern • -Tines.
and was wrecked in the hay of Mon
terey in March, 1843, through the crimi
nal negligence of her captain and crew.
who left her without bo much as an an
chor watch on j a threatening night
when there was every indication- of ap
proaching bad . weather, that they
might enjoy themselves in" debauchery
ashore. ■■■■■■
"She was considered a clever little
ship In her day, and had seen service
in many parts of the world, and prob
ably had a historical record of irreater
Importance than any vessel of which
a vestige is left at the present time in
these waters.
"I have an affection for the old hulk
because I have watched her for so
many years. If I had the money I
should like to have her old bones fished
up from the bottom, set them up and
give them a covering of planking, so
we could exhibit her to the present gen
eration as one of the relics of the past
She is certainly worthy* of some better
fate, and a few years will mean the
total destruction of what remains of
the brave little craft.' Every heavy gale
during the winter months brings one or
more pieces of her timber ashore.
"You may depend upon it, nobody
will dispute my knowledge of the his
tory of this place. As I told you be
fore, I came here on the old flagship
Savannah with Admiral Sloat. No. I
am not the man who was ordered- to
hoist the flag at Monterey. I am quite
sure that no individual was. told to do
so. As a boat's crew we were ordered
to do so collectively, and I was one of
the crew. It was the proudest moment
of my life when I took a heave on those
halyards, and when I saw Old Glory
slide up to the truck of that flagstaff
I realized' that the United States had
added another star to the banner which
would eventually outshine them all. I
am not at all disappointed, either. I
am now an old man, but I have had
the satisfaction of seeing this State
emerge from a miserable little Mexican
province to one of the greatest agri
cultural districts of .the world.. I: am
proud of this State, and I am proud
of the little I had to do with its transi
tion. I was only wrong in one forecast;
I really expected . to see ' Monterey a
great' seaport ; - 'I ' had ' every * reason "to
believe that in* the course of years -this
beautiful ay would divide honors
with San Francisco the way of com
merce.' I was wrong in this respect as
you can see.'* ■ ' * -
"I have carefully studied the history
of Napoleon's escape from Elba, and I
am positive the Natalie is the ship that
carried him to 'his final , eat. Many
people have said that heY original name
.was ' the Undaunted; which Is* a 1 mistake.
The Undaunted was the vessel that
carried him from France to Elba.
"The result of that last battle was in
my opinion the best thing that could
have happened, for had he won that
Tight, the whole world would have been
at his mercy, and although a great gen
eral, he was not a merciful man by any
means. . All, ' Europe had , combined
against this one man, determined to
do- i him if such a thing were poaslbla,
and they succeeded.
"Just think of the egotism of the man
on the night preceding the battle. It
had been raining and the night waa
dark and threatening. .Napoleon
walked over the ground, aa was his
custom before a battle. Lightning
flashed and thunder rolled like the
heavy can-.onading which waa but
music to his ears. When he had
reached the center of the field he
paused, and, wrapping hia martial
cloak about his shivering body looked
up into the sky and remarked, "God,
we are agreed." He actually believed
he was in league with his Maker to
conquer the world, but Ood was not
with him on this particular occasion.
The fates had ordained otherswise.
"Napoleon waa lost to fame forever,
and for over flfty years the little ship
that did so much to bring about thia
result haa been dead to history* It
seems like neglecting a corpse to leave
her poor skeleton out there on tha
sandy bottom of Monterey Bay.
"I am sometimes inclined to believe
that aa a people we have very little
reverence ln our make-up. Our rich
men go abroad year after year that
they may Improve themselves by view
ing the treasures that have been care
fully preserved by all of the great na
tions of Europe, yet they simply Ig
nore things of far greater interest at
home, and the wreck of the Natalia la
a. fair sample of our neglect."
In an obscure corner of the Btstta
Mining Bureau may be found a pieo*
of worm-eaten timber which is labeled
something after the following:
"This is a piece of the ship Natalie.
This ship was the one that carried Na
poleon from Elba to France just be
fore the battle of Waterloo. She was
wrecked in Monterey Bay in 1843." No
further interest has ever been taken
in the matter by our local historians.
. IW. C. BUNNEB,22
(Slueer Caee of "^Tbe Woman in JBlack"
i*"* If RS. RAT MILLS, the "Woman
/ \yj In Black" of police annals, it
I If j "In" when I call upon her.
J^ She cannot help being in, In-
deed, surrounded as she Is by
bolts and bars. It Is her privilege,
however, over here In the City Prison,
to say whether or no she is "at home"
to callers, and I wait ac patiently -is
may be. seated upon an adamantine
wooden bench, while she, hidden in the
fastnesses of the matron's small do
main, decides that momentous ques
tion.
I havo heard much of Mrs. Mills and
the crimes charged against her since
she emerged from the obscurity of pri
vate life into the fierce light of public
ity which In these days beats so cruelly
and unsparingly upon innocent or
guilty, once the unfortunate has suf
fered the ignominy of arrest-
It Is alleged that the "Woman ln
Black" has, during the past few
months, stolen diamonds and other
jewelry amounting ln value to at least
$25, X- sides the three dimes and the
five one-cent pieces, which, being
found In her pocketbook and positively
identified by a lady guest of the Hotel
Stewart as her own especial property.
are the only really tangible causes of
her present Imprisonment.
I have been Informed that she Is a
morphine "fiend." Privately, I am
prejudiced against the woman, and
look forward to the interview which I
am seeking as an unpleaslng but nec
essary experience to be gone through
with as quickly as possible.
It takes her an unconscionably long
time to make up her mind concerning
the advisability of seeing me, but final
ly I hear a soft rustle of skirts and,
looking up, see a woman standing be
fore m**.
The attitude — drooping shoulders,
the head bent slightly forward and the
hand-2 clasped just below her waist — Is
that of a timid schoolgirl accused of a
fault and uncertain whether the per
son to whom she Is about to appeal la
going to blame or exonerate her.
"I am Mrs. Miils." she says simply,
and I note that with a fine sense of
her position she does not offer me any
Other greeting. She feels that I have
come to see her as a matter of busi
ness, and she has made up her mind
to dure the infliction of my Inter
rogative presence just as I made up
my mind to endure the fiendish tortures
inflicted by my dentist.
She sits down on the bench at a lit
tle distance and, gazing straight ahead,
waits for me to begin the conversation.
I am In despair. I cannot possibly talk
to a profile, especially one as Impassive
as Is this woman's, and besides. I want
to see her eyes. An observant and
gallant officer heaves In sight with the
only loose chair obtainable, and my
difficulty Is at an end.
Seated squarely In front of her, I
wonder ln my soul how some newspa
per artists can be as they are and live.
There Is absolutely nothing of the an
archist or the low lodglnghouse-keeper
ln her face or expression or manner.
She is a woman of medium size, whose
bones are just softly cushioned with
flesh, and no more. Evidently In her
early thirties, her face still has a child
ish roundness of contour, except where
the cheeks sag a little each side of the
firm chin ln a way which tells of mus
cles made flaccid by either years or ill
ness.
She has a forehead which is both
wide and prominent, a pair of prettily
curved dark eyebrows, and clear blu
ish-gray eyes, a small but decidedly
self-assertive nose, the short upper lip
which is supposed to be a hall-mark
of aristocratic lineage, a rather wide
but thin-lipped mouth, and teeth as
small and white and even as two rows
of corn ln the milk.
I notice her teeth particularly after
I have Induced her to do her share of
the talking, for she has a peculiar way
of speaking and smiling without un
closing them at all. Her smile is bright
and frequent, her eyes seem frank, her
lips are mobile and her tongue nimble
enough, but there Is something about
those two firmly meeting rows of Ivory
•.vhich contrasts oddly with the expres
sion of open and Ingenuous honesty
which characterizes the rest of her
face.
Innocently confiding as Mrs. Ray
Mills may seem, she is most assuredly
a woman who can keep a secret, wheth
er ii be her own or another's. She will
tell just as much as she chooses and
po more; and, by my faith, I do not be
lieve that all the flames of the inquisi
tion could force her to recant once she
had — right or wrong takeii her stand
en any subject.
We converse of extraneous and Irre
levant matters at first, for believe me
lt is a little difficult to even suggest
personal application of such terms as
"burglary" and "sneak-thieving" to a
woman with the face and manners of
Mrs. Mills, even though she may be
guilty of these crimes in Infinite and
appalling variety, but presently she
herself broaches the subject and be
gins to tell me, quite simply and with
no hint of "playing to the gallery"
whatever, the story of her arrest and
Imprisonment.
She has hardly begun, however, when
there is a stir of new arrivals and the
sound of voices in the low-browed hall
way. A man comes in with a bare
headed, grimy-faced baby of two
years old or so perched on his
shoulder, and going to the desk Is
immediately surrounded by a group
of Interested policemen asking ques
tions, making suggestions and some
of them — those who have young
sters of their own at home, doubtless —
poking friendly fingers and making odd
noises with their mouths at the solemn
eyed and silent Infant, who, evidently
thinking that his adventurous spirit
has led him Into a den of dangerous
wild beasts, sits awed Into the sem
blance of a small stone Image upon the
shoulder of his rescuer.
Mrs. Mills snaps the thread of her
story and leans forward with eagerness
to look at the new comers.
"It's a lost child," she says to me ex
planatorily over the curve of her
shoulder. "Poor little thing—what a
fright his mother will have over him!
Some way it seems dreadful to see a
baby in such a place even for a mo
ment, but the other night I had the
loveliest time with one." The small
wanderer and his blue-coated retinue
have moved around the corner out of
our line of vision now, and Mrs. Mills
straightens up and faces me again.
"You see they brought a woman in
here who was so Intoxicated that they
did not dare to leave her baby with her,
so they brought it to the matron's
room and I begged the privilege of car
ing for it through the night. It was
the dearest little thing, only eight
months old, and it snuggled up to me
and put Its little arms around my neck,
and " she stops abruptly and looks
away, the edges of her eyelids redding
suddenly and a faint flush— after
glow of that maternal love which
A FRIEND OF THE "WOMAN IN BLACK"
GIVES HIS OPINION
** m J ELL, so Mrs. Ray Mills is the mysterious woman in black who has been robbing and terrorizing
\I\I all the fashionable hotels. Poor woman! She has my sympathy, as I have known her for years,
and only about a month ago a friend of mine called my attention to certain queer acts and sayings of
hers and said he thought she was going crazy. I thought so, too. I was not aware that she was a
morphine fiend or a thief, but that would have made no difference, as I knew her in other — knew
her as the lovable wife of a sick and dying man; knew her when poor Harry Mills was failing in health
and had to stop writing for the papers; knew her when she sold her diamonds, her jewelry, her sealskins
and all she possessed so as to care for and nourish her dying husband, and in all my experience I have
never witnessed such tender love as she bestowed on poor Mills. In my life I have seen husbands and
wives who doted on each other, but never have I witnessed such a bond as existed between Mills and his
wife. On one occasion as I was walking on one of our streets with a friend we met Mills. He was
then in the last stages of consumption, and was so ill and weak that he would have fallen had we not
reached him and supported his frail body. Poor fellow! We both knew him in life— knew him as a
boon companion and a jolly good fellow, and many happy hours had we spent together, and now, broken
down and dying, we supported his fragile form and, carefully raising him up, we carried him to his
apartments. As we reached his door he fainted, and as we entered the house his wife saw him. The agon
izing, broken-hearted cry that she uttered still rings in my ears. She thought he was dead, and we could
not convince her otherwise, and at last had to forcibly remove her from the room while a physician re
stored Mills to consciousness. Poor woman! At her husband's death she was penniless and left to strug
gle for herself, and now she is in the gravest trouble and perhaps will be convicted of the many charges
against her. I hope that the Judge and jury who try her will temper justice with mercy and deal as
lightly as possible with her. Sad, indeed, to think that after all she has endured she should finally be
led before the bar of justice as the Mysterious Woman in Black. WILLIAM J. AHERi-J.
brightened her life for a few brief days
ln the past— softens the lines and light
ens the shadows of her face. "Mine
died," she says, after a moment's op
pressive silence. And then she winks
hard once or twice and turns to me
again, smiling that queer little set
smile of hers which seems someway to
be a barrier between herself and the
big world which she has found so cruel
since she has had to face It alone.
"We were talking of something else,"
she says, quite composedly, and then
she ties the ends of her thread of nar
rative together ahd winds the skein to
the -end. Her story, -dig**™ materially
THE SUNDAY CALL.
from that told by her captors In all
that relates to her alleged crimes and
her arrest, but as regards her past It
tallies exactly with what I have heard
before from other sources.
Born of Pennsylvania Quakers, she
at sixteen repudiated the strict rules.
the quaint garb and the "thees" and
"thous" of that sect to marry Harry
Mills, a young man of comfortable
property, whose ambition lay in the
line of newspaper work Into which he
had entered when only a lad of fifteen.
Some years after their marriage the
young couple concluded, jon account of
Mr. Mills' tar from xobyst health- to
ts ti-its an instance of Mistaken iden
tity, Kleptomania, Morphine or
/Host Hat-dene^ CrTnr.TnaTTty?
come to Southern California, where he
managed, by injudiciously sTarting a
paper which was not suited to The cli
mate and at the same time investing
in some mining enterprises which were
absorptive rather than productive, to
dispose of their joint capital of $38,000
In a surprisingly brief period of time.
After that he was employed for a time
as city editor of the Fresno Expositor.
and later came with his wife to San
Francisco, where he worked for seven
years, doing the City Hall detail and
other regular reportorial work for one
of the morning dailies. Twenty-one
months ago jovial, generous nnd sun-
hearted Harry Mills died of con
sumption in Los ..Angeles, leaving his
wife penniless and utterly worn but by
the constant and self-forgetful care
with which she had surrounded him
during every moment of his last twelve
months' st_*y pn earth. Dying, lie
thought that If he had left her nothing
else he had left her at least friends in
plenty, for his home had ever been hos
pitable, his nature sympathetic and
companionable, and his heart always
ready to share his purse, be it heavy
or light, with any one who asked a
favor.
Ray Mills had friends enough In
truth while her husband was living and
his love and care were all-sufficient for
her, but to-day how manj* has she?
About the same number, perhaps, that
you or I. dear madame, might find our
selves possessed of under similar cir
cumstances, but. of a surety no more.
She tells her brief history of the past
quietly; almost, indeed, as if she were
speaking of some one else, whose joys
and sorrows were a matter of indiffer
ence to her. Hers has been a hard
school and in it she has learned the
wisdom of reticence and self-repres
sion, but she flashes into a vivid white
flame of anger as she speaks of her
present.
"There never was a woman more
wrongfully and unjustly accused than
I," she declares. "I am surrounded by
a network of lies that, if I were a
weaker person, would almost make me
doubt myself. I am accused of having
stolen over $25,000 worth of diamonds
and jewelry during the past four
months, and during three of those
months I was 111 in bed and the rest
of the time I was making a narrow liv
ing by shampooing and hairdresslng.
If I had been the successful thief which
they say I am I would scarcely work
as hard and live as poorly as I have
done. Now that I am in here"sweep
ing a contemptuous glance around
which seems to take in every bar and
bolt and prisoning horror of the crime
haunted place— "people are using me
as a foundation upon which to pile all
manner of falsehoods and wild imag-
Inlngs. Persons whom I do not believe
ever owned a real diamond in their
lives are trying to gain a little cheap
notoriety by declaring that I have
robbed them of small fortunes locked
up in precious stones. It would be
funny, if it were not so terrible, to see
how eager human beings are to rend
each other on occasion, as wolves rend
and devour the weak or wounded ones
of their packs."
She - pauses for a moment, softly
beating her clinched hands together in
her lap, her upper teeth for the instant
overlapping, the lower and gnawing at
the scarlet line of her under lip, and
she does not speak again until she has
gained control of nerves and voice.
Then she reverts to the diamonds once
more.
"If I stole them," she says, "what did
1 do with them? to whom did I sell
them? or where did I hide them? I
could not eat nor drink nor wear them
as they were, most certainly. And if
I were clever enough to make such big
'hauls,' lis they call them, would I con
demn myself to dress like -under
neath, at any rate?" She throws out
a scornful foot in the sheltering shadow
of my chair and whisks her dress-skirt
up sufficiently high for me to see the
cheap cotton, petticoats, the common
stockings and the ready-made and
rather shabby boots which she wears,
and I nod understanding^. The
woman to whom money comes easily
from any source is apt, if she be truly
feminine, to invest a satisfactory per
centage of it in the frills and furbelows,
the beribbor.ed and belaced and silk
en under arrangements, the wearing of
which would make her feel cozlly con
tent even though her gown were of
faded calico. Mrs. Mills has none of
these, and In her eyes this seems con
vincing proof of her impecunioslty.
"Perhaps I spent it for morphine,"
she goes on. "They say I am a 'fiend,'
you know. Look there"— she holds
out both hands to me horizontally and
straight from the shoulder— "l have
bet ii here since the Sth of August with
no chance to get any drug at all, even
had I wanted it. Do you know how a
morphine fiend's nerves and muscles
act when you suddenly and completely
deprive him of his medicine? Mine are
as steady as any woman's in my state
of health could be; much steadier than
many a woman's would be after going
through what I have experienced In
the past few weeks. Another thing:
IN THE BOOK WORLD.
y N* "Baldoon" Le Roy Hooker has given
I to the public a book of quiet homely In-
' terest. Quiet, because although there
is a tragic interest in the Incidents re
sulting from George McGarriger's inherit
ance, sufficient to assume the dignity of
a although the romance of the trust
ing widow Cramer and The fortune
hunting Horace Bristol is there to attest
the value of side lights, although there
are loving couples In plenty. "whose rough
pathways are in need of good smoothing,
although there is the haunted house, the
village gossip and the sword-tongued
satirist. Mr. Hooker does not wield a
sensational pen, and the pathos and
strong passion of human life is told with
out exaggeration, as "he has had eyes to
see and ears to hear what was being done
and suffered and enjoyed and said" in
the self-centered little community about
him. Homely because his chief charac
ters are plain and often illiterate people
living remote from commercial and social
centers and hence untouched by metro
polltanlsm. There is a passage some
where which reads: "Impressions made
on the retina are really made on the soul
and the mind becomes what it contem
plates." Where then did Baldoon get its
interesting population? The town was
one of the most forlorn wastes of West
ern Ontario, featureless at all times and
in autumn and spring "a dreary water
scape spreading for miles around, show
ing hither and yon, just the scalp of a
mound that served as a buoy to tell the
proprietoi where his farm waited for
summer to dry it out." In harmony with
the location were the houses, all dull gray
of unpainted wood long exposed to the
weather and "Dod-a-bit," says George
McGarriger, quite the personage of the
book. "if I see what use the Almighty
has fer Baldoon,. onless it's Jest fer the
sake of holdln the world together!" But
the landscape seems not to influence the
characters, for variety Is characteristic of
these people, and George and Mary Mc-
Garriger, Andy Harris, Grlsdale, Dan
Littleton, Delby Cramer and Tom
Brimmlcorn acquaint one with the chief
virtues and vices of humanity. The sim
plicity of the people Is perhaps best re
vealed to the intending reader in the
curiosity which brought them from miles
around to hear from the inmates' own
lips all there was to tell of the ghostly
visitations at Baldoon House. No re
peated chronicles for them on a subject
so Important The author is a character
painter of ability, and old George, than
whom "no man ever gained so wide a
notoriety on so little evil in character
and conduct;" Dan, the village satirist,
"who cculd no more restrain his bluster
ing words than his Irish grandslre could
control his shlllalah when he saw an in
viting head to hit at Donnybrook Fair;"
the lovely and lovable Dabby; Mary, the
canny Scotch wife of old George, strong
alike in heart and mind, and others of
the little community speak words of wis
dom and foolishness that made the book
a curiously Interesting one. Some of the
words of wisdom are contained In old
George's homily on "cussin," a repeti
tion of what one Bill Wilson, defunct.
was wont to say when asked why, when
he did everything else that was wicked,
he stopped at "cussin."
"Wy, George, d'ye take me fer a nat'ral
fool? I don't do nothln' fer nothin' w'en
I know It! I git drunk to forgit some
things, an' have a good time. W'en I
fight it's to best the other feller. If I
lie it's to gain a pint that ain't in reach
of.the truth. Wen I take things it's be
cause I want 'em, 'an can't get 'em so
easy any other way. But if I should
cuss, the other feller wouldn't be hurt by
it, an' I would. Anyhow, George*. I
Why do they call me the 'Woman ln
Black,' when I have not worn a full
black suit since my first year of mourn
ing for my husband? I have worn a
black skirt and jacket and white, or
black-and-white, shirtwaists ever since
early spring, a black hat trimmed with
white aigrettes, and a white veil a
'wash' one at that, because they are
cheaper. Any one who would call me
a 'woman in black' must be color blind
indeed, and if a woman so dressed
really committed the robberies of which
I am accused, why didn't thej' hunt
her up and arrest her instead of me?"
She is asking questions now — ques
tions which I cannot answer — I
feel that it is time to go. As I rise she
rises also and stands looking at me
half-doubtfully, as if she were longing
to read my thoughts.
"I don't know.'' she says brusquely,
after a fieety second of hesitation,
"whether you think me truthful or a
liar, and I don't much care, for it really
doesn't matter. While 1 know in my
inmost soul that I am not guilty, .th
ing of that counts, you Bee, and I have
faith that the truth will triumph. I
do not believe that twelve honest men
will believe the lies they tell about me
nor sanction this awful Injustice. For
the sake of my relatives and my few
real friends, however, I want to say
just this: By the love I bore my hus
band and my dead babies, I swear that
I am innocent!"
I go out into the sunshine with these
words ringing in' my ears and a queer
disbelief in my own Impressions tug
ging at my heartstrings.
Is Ray Mills— the Woman in Black
and-Whlte—guilty of the crimes laid
at her door, or ls she not?
If she Is. then she is the most wick
edly forsworn woman that I ever met.
FLORENCE MATHESON.
c'nsider that It's beneath a man of my
standin" in susslety to swear!"
Ten chapters of strong truth-flavored
fiction are waiting to reward the reader.
"Baldoon," by Le Roy Hooker, (Rand,
McN-illy and Company, Chicago and New
York. Cloth, 12 mo. $1 25.)
»
Literary Notes
The Houghton-Mifflin "Fall Announce
ment" is long and interesting and In
cludes important new books and new edi
tions. Among the former are John
Fiske's "Dutch and Quaker Colonies in
America." Julia Ward Howes "Remi
niscences" and new books of fiction by
Miss Johnson, author of "Prisoners of
Hope"; F. Hopkinson Smith, Miss Jewett
and Bret Harte.
« • »
Mr. Walter H. Page has resigned the
editorship of the Atlantic Monthly and
has accepted an invitation to take a
prominent post in the direction of the
literary work of the allied houses of
Harper & Bros, and the Doubleday & Mc
('lure Company. His successor in th
editorship of the Atlantic is Mr. Bib
Perry, known in literature as the authc
of two novels and a number of essay
and stories.
At Grato s Fane," by John Myers
O Kara, is receiving at the hands of all
reviewers most gracious commendation.
11 is a collection of choice lyrics and
sonnets and creates a desire * to read
something long, broad and comprehensive
from the same pen.
* » *
The Saturday Review has nt last paid
the following handsome trihut° to an
American writer. In a review of "Hugh
Gwyeth," which is now in its fourth edi
tion, the Review says: "We found it
difficult to tear ourselves away from the
fascinating narrative. Even Mr. Anthony
Hope does not inspire more joyfully the
exhilaration of battle."
Rand, McNally & Co. will shortly pub
lish a novel by Frances Aymar Mathews
entitled "A Married Man." "In Hampton
Koaas, a romantic novel by Charles
Eugene Banks and George Cram Cook
and "The Bondwoman," by Marah Ellis
Ryan.
• « »
Ex-Senator John J. Ingalls has written
for the Saturday Evening Post of Phila
delphia two valuable papers upon the
later career of President Garfield. The
first of these paper will appear in the
Post of August 26. In the same issue will
be found contributions by lan Maclaren.
Harriet Riddle Davis, Julian Ralph and
Charles Rattell Loomis.
New BooKs Received
THE HEART OF A BOY— The growing
success and literary value of Edmondo
de Amicl's "Heart of a Boy" have
prompted Laird & Lee to Issue an edition
de luxe, suitable for holiday gifts, presen
tations and school prizes. The publishers
have aimed to perfect the text, and have
added a number of illustrations by famous
Italian artists, many of them full-page
half-tone engravings. Those who have
read De Amicl's "Military Life." written
when he was but 23, his books of travel
and his graceful verse, know the health
fulness of his optimistic views, his poetic
imagination and the strong simplicity of
his literary style. The translaton of "The
Heart of a Boy" (Cuore) is by Professor
G. Mantellini from the two hundred and
twenty-fourth Italian edition.
"The Heart of a Boy," a schoolboy's
journal. By Edmondo de Atnlcls. (Edi
tion de luxe.) (Laird & Lee, Chicago.)
CHICAGO, SATAN'S SANCTUM—
the title page of L. O. Curon'a book one
reads: "I am to speak of stories you will
not believe; of beings you cannot love; of
foibles for whicn you have no compas
sion; of feelings in which you have no
share." The preface attacks the admin
istration of Mayor Harrison, the selection
of his Corporation Council, and hints that
his re-election is due to the solidarity of
the votes of the vicious elements of the
community. It asks how long the contin
uous Superintendent of Police is to be al
lowed to throw his kindly protection over
the haunts of vice. The text is a plain
revelation of the corruption of the police
force, the evils of all-night saloons, houses
of ill-repute and the like, the workings of
boodlers and bribers, politicians paving
the way for the next election, and all
kinds of corruption never dreamed of by
the pure in heart. One good optimistic
note is sounded thus: "But there is virtue
and power enough to change all this. The
moral sentiment and enlightened self
interest of the city, once aroused and
properly guided, would overwhelm all op
position."
"Chicago, Satan's Sanctum." By L. O.
Curon. (C. D. Phillips & Co., Chicago.)
WHO'S WHO IN AMERICA.— The vol
ume, edited by John W. Leonard, is a dic
tionary of living men and women of the
United States, and aims to give, without
eulogy and without reference to class or
profession, short sketches of those who
have gained more than local distinction
in any branch of usefulness. Though in
its first edition, it is very comprehensive,
and should prove as useful for reference
as the well-known British publication of
the same name that has appeared with
annual revisions regularly for nearly
flftv years. Two valuable features will be
found in the appended addresses and the
necrology giving the list of the prominent
people who have died since 1896.
"Who's Who in America." (A. N. Mar
quis & Co., 354 Dearborn street, Chicago.
Crown Bvo, cloth; $2.75.)
DEFENDER OF THE FAITH. By
Frank Mathew. (John Lane, London and
New York.)IHo\x> tbe ©trie ©reeteb ©ur JBrave 35056
1: Is all a new experience to the girls.
Many and many of the mothers and
wives have been through lt before.
or have watched it. Tlie Civil War
ls not so very far back after all. But
the girls; misses of the bread and butter
age. in the April weather stage; lt ls new
to them.
Deliriously new. They are tearing emo
tion to tatters in a way that melodrama
would hardly recognize. They are gor
geously intoxicated with laughs and tears
and hugs and hysterics. Behind these ls
a good sound basis of feeling that will
grow more reserved In manner before we
have another war. Our own boys aro
coming home too sound to admit of many
tragedies, and most of the tears are the
kind that femininity revels in. To shed
oceans of tears on a big shoulder just be
cause of those tears you didn't have to
shed; do you fancy It reasonable?
The April weather showed its first
symptoms in the bay parade of Thursday.
I was its barometer on the Sunol. Now
the Sunol carried the Camera Club, a
quiet and demure enough boatload, who
wanted for the most part to take pictures.
But the first Bight of the Sherman was
the signal for a little hysterical gasp.
The girl in Happy blue paced like a bear
ln a cage. The wind played havoc with
her. She was the beauty if the boat, but
she didn't care. She let her hair be blown
out of curl and the picture hat lashed as
the wind listed. She only walked, walked
the deck alone, and she looked as If she
might soon walk trippingly out on the
gray crinkles that lay between her and
the Sherman. There were such a lot of
Ftories in her face; is it impudent to won
der?
The plump one was as calm as you ex
pect plumpness to be until we were near
the transport. Then all of a sudden she
saw him. or she thought she did. which
was quite as gfiod. ["hen the April weath
er broke loose in a great gale. Iler camera
dropped heavily to the bench and she
seized the first flag at md. "Dick! Oh.
Richard! Do you see me?" she asked
through a quarter-mile of scolding wind
and pop-banging guns.
Richard did not reply, or at least we did
not understand him if he did.
"Dick!" she cailed again. "Is your arm
ail right, Dick?"
She was reaching out as far as her
plump little arm would go. and she waved
that bit of stars ar.d stripes as if it stood
for a whole conquering army. Then a
young hopeful, who owned the flag, clam
bered on the bench and watched his
chance. Suddenly both his little hands
clutched for the treasure. She clung to it,
and together they let it drop, strugglingly.
Into the bay.
Not until then did she know just what
she had done.
"Was it your flag, little boy?" she asked
repentantly. He was too grief-stricken to
answer. "I'll get you another one— a great
hig one — and a horn, too— just as soon as
ever we get back to town," she protested.
"But I had to wave at Dick, because I
knew he'd be looking for me. Don't ever
tell," she added, confidentially, to the re
-
covered hopeful, "but Dick and I have
been engaged three years."
It .vas a secret among half a dozen of
us at that end of the deck.
The tall woman's-club looking girl
heard with scorn and looked upon the
April weather with in l'ni-above-it glance
that struck dumb. But I watched her.
Ten minutes it was, while she grew
stliier and cloudier. Then it came. There
was a gulp and down went her head on
the next girl's shoulder, and off bobbed
the glasses and the instructive look was
cast away. It was good to see her try
and wave and laugh and scream like the
rest of them. Don't be afraid. The clubs
may do their worst, but they can't quite
make over our girls after all.
All of this, as I told you, was prelim
inary—the symptoms of what broke out
fully on Friday. When I reached Union
depot, long before the breakfast hour, I
# SUNDAY CALL REPORTERS AS PRISONERS ON THE SHERMAN
yOU'RE under arrest," said the cus-
toms officer. "But I'm over the
Bide," I replied, and then I smiled
appreciation of my power of re-
partee. "You'll find this no laugh-
ing matter," continued the guardian of
our country's commerce. "You have vio
lated the law and my dignity and me and
the United States is goln' to make it hot
for you."
Possibly the law had been violated, but
not by me. I was as innocent of any
wrong Intent as the babe unborn. I had
gone out to see "Big" Ben Clancy,
"Chaps," "Cannon Bail" Jack Switzer.
"The Pirate" McQueeny, "The Ratters"
and about a thousand other fellows on
the big transport Sherman before the
quarantine officer had passed on her.
Louis Honig and Billy Britt had gone
with me, and the three of us had mounted
the rope ladder which hung over tlie
ship's side in order to talk with our
friends.
The Swede who had rowed us over
looked up at one of the vessel's port
holes, and perceiving a copper colored
Filipino there making gorgon's eyes at him
had retreated to the tug in great disorder,
leaving his freight hanging between wind
and water like three barnacles on a
whitewashed pile.
The boys on deck seeing our position,
reached out and yanked us on board.
Britt and Honig went over the Bide,
helped by strong hands on their coat
collars. I was pulled through a port and
arrived inside the transport, not because
I wished to offend the awful dignity that
doth hedge our customs round, but be
cause half a dozen soldiers had hold of
my ankles and because my legs are
rather firmly attached to my body. It
took me several minutes to catch my
breath after I stood upon l_he deck. It
took the officer about half that time to
catch me. Subsequently he lost me Just
about as rapidly.
"You are under arrest," he reiterated,
"and you must come with me."
I fastened my coat by the only button
that my passage through the port had
left upon it. and with firm tread and
proudly erect head I told my captor I
was ready and bade him lead the way.
He took me to the quarterdeck
where an officer attired in much gold lace
and some whiskers told me that I was
a prisoner, but that I would be allowed
the freedom of the ship If I did not try
to escape that evening. I looked at the
lights of the Cliff House that twinkled
like little stars in the dim distance and
at the great stretch of black water that
intervened, and I assured the officer that
I would make no attempt to escape that
evening. On that assurance he removed
my guard and told me I might follow my
Inclinations anywhere save over the sides
of the vessel.
During all this time the officers of the
California Regiment had held aloof, not
daring to break In upon the examination
of a prisoner. As soon, however, as I
had been released on parole they crowded
around to offer their sympathy and to in
quire Into the causes which had led to my
arrest. I told them, and their Indignation
knew no bounds. It was chiefly directed
against the boatman who had deserted
my companions and myself at the ship's
side, and it would have fared ill .with the
heartless Swede if those stern veterans
could have laid hands on him at that
moment.
Notwithstanding the unfortunate cir
cumstances which had brought me to my
present pass — circumstances over which I
had no control— yet my position was one
thought the hysterics must have used
themselves up, but not so. The girls
seemed quiet enough then, but i' was
only a lull. When the hungry, tired, lov
ing crowd of boys was turned loose In
the big reception room I found that as
barometer I was to learn what it really
meant to be busy.
Up flew the record one second to mark
the joyfullest squeeze that Grade could
squeeze. Down it fell the next, when
M.-udie burst forth in an ocean of tears
that might have floated the Sherman.
Both meant the same— that the dearest
boy was home again.
I wonder if there is a boy in that regi
ment who hasn't a sweetheart waiting. I
d..n't believe it. Some of them have sever
al, and s:.ow a diplomacy in the manage
ment thereof worthy their position.
But of all the skill in these delicate
matters that I saw nothing surpassed the
frankness with which one big brown hero
disposed of his left arm around a pink
girl, his right around a blue one, and
of deep disgrace, and I could not but feel
it keenly. The officers themselves per-
ceived this, and though they attempted
to console me. they recognized that our
relative positions made the situation one
of great delicacy.
The stigma of crime had been placed
upon me, and their silent grief was pitiful
to witness. The speeches of condolence
gradually died away and we stood there
In the pale moonlight a sad and silent
group. The tension was becoming greater
every moment, and something had to be
done to relieve it. Something was done,
and Colonel Duboce, the hero of the Paco
Church Incident, with that tact and far-
sightedness that is characteristic of him.
did it. "Gentlemen," he said, "there is
just one bottle of whisky on the entire
ship. It belongs to me. Let's go and have
a drink." It was a most opportune mvi
tation, and the unanimous alacrity with
which it was accepted showed how eager
the assemblage was to seize upon any
excuse which would serve to dispel the
awkwardness of the meeting.
As soon as the kindly warmth of the
bottle's contents had made itself felt all
hands ripened up a bit, and I began to
get some Information concerning my com
panions in crime, Britt and Honig. Honig
had been seen to steal below, like a dark
ghost of the mist. Billy had not been seen
at all, but as one of the officers said some-
thing of a shooting star I imagined it must
have been Britt's parti-colored shirt and
torrid necktie that flashed In the moon
light as he went flying over the rail.
I determined to find out, and excusing
myself started on a hunt through the ship.
Down below In the steerage I found Honig
hiding under a bunk and consoling himself
with a cup of coffee and a sandwich,
which a kind steward had surreptitiously
smuggled Into him.
Honig tremblingly asked me what was
going to be done with him. Upon my an-
swering that nothing more serious would
be done than to place him under arrest he
took heart of grace and came forth from
his hiding place. He had seen nothing of
Brltt, so I left him, to search for Willie
ln other places.
I left the aristocratic precincts of the
commissioned officers and started forward
among the men. The minute I stepped
into their quarters I experienced a greet-
ing that would atone for a far worse mis-
fortune than Imprisonment by the Cus-
tom-house authorities. The men, whom I
had last seen ln Luzon, crowded around
me and fairly wrung my hand off with
the vigor of their salutations. Questions
flew thick and fast, and I had as many to
ask as I had to reply to.
Regimental and company matters were
recounted and discussed with an Interest
which could not possibly be felt, or even
understood, by one who had not tasted of
the life himself and there learned to feel,
not for the men, but with them.
I don't know why It Is, possibly because
the only station I ever occupied ln Uncle
Sam's service was the most humble he has
to offer, but my affection is all for the
man who packs the gun. The officers
who command them are good men, but
the fellow whose Joys and sorrows, pleas
ures and privations, hopes and disappoint
ments, claim my sympathy, and get It, is
the fellow who In demonstrations, such as
those this past week has seen, shines only
in the aggregate— the fellow who has all
the worst of It at the front and who is
never helped through the hardship that he
must undergo in the field by the prospect
of a well paid political position which will
be his reward when he returns home.
kissed a third who was twisting a car
nation wreath around his neck. And evory
blessed one of * them was bean;
There was one soldier I saw who was
not the only hero. lie looked the long
depot over from end to end and shook
hands with acquaintances as absently as
if they were dream people. There was
somebody else he wanted.
Somebody appeared at last. She was
a little brown-eyed somebody, who evi
dently lives out of town. She was hang
ing on the arm of a gentle youth. Meas
ures ribbons, I judged, or counts hair
pins, perhaps. The soldier boy looked
surprised. The somebody dragged for
ward the gentle youth and introduced
him with her eyes on the shiny floor. It
seemed to occur to the soldier boy for
the first time that changes may come
when one stays away a year.
Everywhere the little sisters clung tight.
They cared more for the monkeys and
the geography lessons than the non
sisters did. They are not old enough yet
J\)e Experi of t^ pirjt fleu/spap-^r
[\\et) to Board kfye B_^ 6^95
- Off tfpe [leads.
The man in the ranks, the common sol
dier, is the lad I admire, and his hand
clasp—that was the thing which will make
my visit to the Sherman a pleasant recol
lection as long as memory shall last.
But to my story. The boys crowded
around me, and again and again I was
forced to answer anxious inquiries after
relatives and friends and to repeat every
detail of the grand reception that awaited
the regiment. They did not seem to un
derstand it. They knew they had done
their duty, but they had been too modest
to expect any such ovation as I pictured
to them. One fellow expressed the general
feeling ln the following sentence: "We
knew the people would be glad to get us
home," he said. "But. h— l, we never
thought the killing of a few niggers and
greasers was going to create such excite
ment. However, If the people delight to
so honor us we fully appreciate the com
pliment and will do our best to show
them so." This sentence Is repeated as
nearly word for word as memory will per
mit.
As soon, as the boys' curiosity had been
In a measure satisfied they began to an
swer a few of my questions and I learned
of what had been going on In the Phil
ippines. From the Information I thus
gleaned I am satisfied that no reception
was too good for the California volun
teers.
While we were still conversing below
we heard considerable noise on deck and
rushed up to find that a Chronicle re
porter had tried to board the vessel and
had been repulsed with the loss of a piece
Jhe Ursus of the Water front.
«j? «r7 ENRY PETERSON of the
\ I Brunswick is the Sandow of
the water front, and he has
ii ii proved it by, figuratively,
picking up the gage of battle
thrown down by an excited and ob-
stinate bull that objected to a sea voy-
age.
The Grecian Hercules and the Lygian
giant Ursus both rolled Into one could
not hope to rival him in the estimation
of the gallant tars and bold longshore
men who do the most of their swearing
in the Immediate vicinity of Spear-
street wharf. ■ ;*; '
Henry is a hero of brawn and sinew
a man in whom the three dimensions,
j length, breadth and thickness, are so
THE SUNDAT CALL.
to be sentimental, and although they care
a great deal about the big brothers they
also care a great deal about what they
have brought home. I saw one. shake her
braids over his shoulder and give him one
tremendous California kiss and ask all
in the same breath for her Philippine
ring and what are the products of the
Canaries. She thought he must have seen
the Canaries— hadn't he? She had been
studying about them.
Now and then the roof rang with a
shriek that meant found. A tall, whole
some girl wearing the Red Cross badge
made her escape from the breakfast room,
where she had been waiting at table.
She came out through the crowd, apron
flying, her arms loaded with wreaths.
Somehow she had caught a glimpse of
him through the bars, and she ran
screaming and waving through the room.
It was a good, healthy sight to see as
she fell on that plucky brother's neck,
and there wasn't a tear In all her wel
come. So in order that things should be
done properly, the plucky brother wept
a little weep on his own behalf. Which
likewise was a good, healthy sight to see.
For after the fighting and the waiting are
over, and stand on a hero's record, then
the tears don't blot out one letter of that
record, but twinkle for its brighter illumi
nation. Vv ';
The breakfast was royal. The April
weather had calmed partly by the trme
the boys were really charging at the ta
bles, and there was a serene afterglow
of flushed cheeks, tousled hair and ill
regulated hat& Now and then hysterics
broke out again, and three glasses- of
water were sijet at once before -a starved
volunteer who hadn't yet caught a glimpse
of bread or meat.
The fluffy little blonde dropped a platter
of turkey, to its destruction, in her haste
to have arms free again for a sunburned
By f. <&. fiealy.
of his finger, which the quartermaster
stamped off as he put his hand over the
rail. We carefully searched or the
piece, but it was lost amid (che crowd.
As .a matter of fact the action of the
quartermaster was a piece of unwarrant
ed brutality. He could easily have kept
the reporter off without employing any
such violent means.
The excitement attending the repulse of
the Chronicle boarding party subsiding,
Britt was discovered dressed In a soldier's
uniform. He resisted all importunities to
take It off until he was told that It would
cost him five years on Alcatraz If one of
the military officers caught him in his
borrowed plumes. Then the uniform came
off so quickly that for very modesty one
of the men was forced to wrap him tem
porarily in a couple of old sacks.
Leaving Billy to attend to his toilet I
again went aft. There I found that Ho
nig. who is a lawyer as well as a reporter,
had so tangled up In argument the man
by whom he had been placed under ar
rest that the fellow had actually been
brought to believe that he and not Ho
nig was the person under restraint. As
this was a very satisfactory arrange
ment he was not undeceived up to. the
time he left the vessel and I have no
doubt that when he reads this article
he will receive the first Intimation of his
mistake.
In the first few moments aboard all the
rush news had been gathered and now
there was nothing to do but to alt down
and wait for something to happen which
would either make us busy or release us
from cur incarceration.
harir.oniously combined as to inak_ him
a wonder and a marvel among his kind.
His scalp-lock waves triumphantly six
feet and four Inches above the deck of
any vessel upon which he plants his
sturdy number twelve feet. He weighs
201 pounds.
Never having heard most probably of
the two gentlemen previously mention
ed, as being out of his class ln the rival
line, Henry cannot, even by those most
envious of his present glory, be accused
of knowingly putting upon the stage of
actual existence a plagiarism of the
special "turns" which gained those
mythical personages their wide renown.
Like them, however, he has engaged In
single combat with a fierce and raging
specimen of the bovine species, and
with his good right arm, assisted per
haps somewhat by his left, has gained
a victory over his four-footed aotago
neck. And the big sisterly girl in blue
forgot that the much-received darling had
not yet had a single bite, and fell to pat-
ting him on his blessed back— moth-
erly, go-to-sleep pats, that made eating a
choky risk. The little blue-gowned girl
with a pompadour for an Empress was
the best of all.
"You don't know how men are," she ex-
plained to some colleagues, with the ex
perience of many years in her voice. "Men
don't think kisses are a patch on bread
and butter until after they've finished the
bread and butter." ' Whereupon she set an
object lesson that made itself good for a
table length. She fed them, and fed them
again, and there wasn't a hungry man
left within reach of her plates of chicken
and peas.
Privileged sisters and sweethearts In
side the bars of the east nave leaned over
the backs of their heroes' chairs or sat
beside them at the loaded tables. There
was a little shirt-walsted one I watched
who was wise enough to tell home stories
while her hero enjoyed his breakfast, and
the stories besides. There was one less
wise who asked questions that it starved
a man to keep answered, and there were
a host of girls, simply girls, who both told
and questioned in such a torrent of words
and laughs and tears that it didn't much
matter whether the stories were heard or
the questions answered.
There was a Gladys I Saw who tried
hard to be conventional. Which, as she
soon found, was the most unconventional
thing she could do. "Do explain the po
litical relation!, in' the Philippines," she
began properly then wound up with,
"Oh, I don't care a button about them,
but, Jackie, do you know, the parrot has
learned a bugle call."
The breakfast with its big. splendid, con
clusive cheers over there was a better
Notwithstanding the heinous offense of
which we had been guilty both the of
ficers of the ship and the oflicers of the
regiment did all that lay in their power
to make our forced detention pleasant as
possible. Each of us had the choice of a
dozen beds to sleep In, cigars, cigarettes,
coffee, and. in fact, everything that they
could offer was placed before us and we
settled down to tell them the news of the
world from which they had been so long
separated.
We were getting along in fine shape.
The cabin was filling up with tobacco
smoke, through which jest and stories
were flying thick and fast, when we were
again interrupted. This time it was an
Examiner launch loaded with Alice Rix,
reporters and a dog. .
They all wanted to come right on board
and pleaded for recognition of passes
which they claimed they had from all
sorts and conditions of people in all kinds
and classes of authoritative positions.
But it was no go.
They were forced to content themselves
with talking through a megaphone, ask
ing questions which no one on board un
derstood and receiving replies which were
not distinct enough to be intelligible.
After a while they became tired and
went home. Then the Chronicle made
another try. This time it was Mabel
Craft who appeared. She stood on the
tug's deck and tried to convince the trans
port's officers that by allowing a repre
sentative of her paper on board they
would be conferring a personal favor on
Major General Shatter. They replied that
nothing would give them greater satis
faction than to put the general under an
obligation, and lf the party would repeat
nist, the recital of which will long inter
est the dwellers and workers around
our wharves.
The bull in question was not a
specially large one, but he was possess
ed of a great deal of stubbornness and
was of a most excitable temperament.
Determining in his own heart that life
on the ocean wave was not desirable
for him, he decided not to board the
tug upon which Henry was helping to
load his companions ln misery on their
way to the Brunswick, but instead to
seek the bosky groves of East street
and rest beneath the shade of the trees
thoughtfully planted there some time
since by a nature-loving Harbor Com
mission. v/j-* *:
Up the wharf he started, and his gen
tle amble became a wild and maddened
gallop as the persons whom he met
Jointly and severally proceeded to ob
chance for more comfortable affection
outside the east nave again. Many boys
had 'left their best beloved_outside the
bars when they went in to a breakfast
that couldn't quite make up even by Its
groaning tables for the attractive outside.
There was a long blessed hour for nice
little leave-takings— leave-takings that
meant how-dye-do again in no time, and
the roof of San Francisco over both
heads. The Presidio is nearer than Ma
nila.
The boys looked as placid and Jovial
after the feast as private citizens look,
and the tears had for the most part wept
themselves out. The boys beamed under
or over wreaths, and the happiest girls in'
San Francisco leaned on their arms or
clung to their shoulders while they prom-
enaded.
There was a certain society favorite
whose tawny curls alone appeared above
a mass of white sweet peas and silk
waists and golf capes. There was a less
known soldier in another corner with only
one little bunch of pink rosebuds and one
small damsel that nobody ln particular
knew. And they were both entirely sat
isfied so far as the most critical observer
could see.
In days when football men are back
numbers and matinee idols are out of
date; when, in short, there is nothing ln
the masculine line strictly in it except the
sign of our army; In these days there are
overtures made that belong to leap year
alone. But it is entirely the thing to be
as attentive as one likes to a returning
hero, and the Islands of the far East (or
Is lt West?) do not furnish maidens that
come in the way of home ties.
So it is, for the most part, a satisfying
enough home coming on both sides. I
might think it was always so If I didn't
remember the case of the measurer of rib
bons. And even then I wondered lf the
its visit on the morrow, after the doctor
had made his visit, it would be most cor
dially received. Then they also went
home.
As a matter of fact, the whole evening
was passed in hailing newspaper boats
and telling them how sorry we were that
they could not get what they had come
after. One by one the soldiers went below,
little by little the crowd on deck disap
peared,* and finally, when all save the
sentries had gone to rest, we three prison
ers sought the seclusion of the quarters
that had been assigned to us by the
courtesy of the officers and retired.
I had the offer of an unoccupied cabin,
but preferred to accept an invitation of
Lieutenant Curzons, the regimental ad
jutant, to bunk in his room. In the highly
nervous state into which I had been
thrown by my arrest bunking alone was
too suggestive of solitary confinement.
I slept but a few short hours, but in that
time I experienced more real agony than
is generally encompassed in a long life.
I had dreams— horrid dreams. They were
filled with visions of custom-house officers
and other uncanny things, and I suffered
intensely.
Early in the morning I arose and started
to look about the ship. Going forward I
found all the boys eating fruit and read
ing the news. The Call's boat had been
out before sunrise and supplied all hands
with papers and delicacies. The other
papers sent out boats some hours later.
As soon as it became perfectly light
crafts of ah sorts and sizes began to come
out, and soon the boys were recognizing
familiar faces and receiving greetings
from loved ones whom they had not seen
for the last fifteen months.
Among the swarm of tugs that circled
us around was a white one commanded
by an officer whose natural fierceness of
expression was considerably increased by
an enormous pair of mustachios that
adorned (?) his upper lip. This gentleman,
lately attached to a Polar relief expedi
tion but now in command of a customs
tug, brought off another officer, who lis
tened to the report of our guard and then
doubled the one on Honig. Our new
captor was not the real thing, but he was
more heavily plated than the one who had
originally arrested us, and he told us that
we were to be handed over to the doctor,
who would act as a sort of preliminary
court to sit on our case. Naturally this
Increased our uneasiness. It is bad enough
to be sat upon by any one, but by a
doctor!
A little before noon the transport
weighed anchor and started toward the
city. Out of the Golden Gate to meet her
there came such a procession of decorated
craft that one would not find It hard to
deceive himself into the belief that he ha**.
been whisked back to the days when Ven
etian splendor was the glory of the seas
and he was witnessing the nuptial cere
monies of the Adriatic.
Just after we entered the heads the doc-
ject to his plans. Up East street he
turned, and just then Henry realized
that something had happened, and, in
the vernacular of the front, "got a wig
gle on." He cleared the wharf in four
bounds and got abreast of the bull In
two more. Then he got a left hook on
the brute's spreading horns and trot
ted along beside him until he came to
a place where, three or four paving
stones being missing, . there was a
chance to stick his toes into terra
firma and make an anchor of himself
for the queer craft he was trying to
get command of. He didn't stick them
quite far enough, however, for the ani
mal dragged him up and sailed along
a little further until they came to an
other hole in the pavement, and here
Henry was more successful. He didn't
break the creature's neck, but he came
pretty near cracking it. and for a few
moments there was an energetic and
spirited tug-of-war between man and
beast, during which bets were even
among the wildly interested onlookers.
Every muscle in the sailor's body was
brown jacket wouldn't finally cut him
out.
There was a girl on the boat Thursday
that I noticed. She had large, well-gloved
hands and smoothly knotted hair. She
was the kind of girl who wears low heels
and a sailor hat conspicuous neither for
very old nor very new shape. She was
cool as a cucumber on the boat; so cool
that I fancied she merely wanted a snap
shot of the transport.
It was a minute before we steamed Into
Washington street wharf that I caught
sight of the yellow flurry of her relative's
badge. "You have somebody on board?"
I asked.
"Yes," she answered; "a brother." She
was as cool as ever, but her eyes shone.
What had there been to have hysterics
over when there was no way of reaching
him? But I saw her at Union depot on
Friday, and from the look of the thing
I didn't believe that brother had one whit
less of a reception for all that good check
rein on self.
The whole affair this week has been
such a patchwork of all the things we
feel— love and fear and hope and comedy
and tragedy. There are so many little
sights on which hinge so much. There
was more pathos than is quite easy with
out a handkerchief in the way the girl in
the blue silk waist clung to her great
Adonis that once was; poor scarred sol
dier that has returned to her, branded
with the sign of dread disease. And the
woman who stood back against the brass
bars and watched from under her black
veil; watched those who went to meet
somebody. She was alone. Those who
saw her standing there will not forget.
CRELLYS CRANDALL.
tor came on board. He was made ac
quainted with our apprehension and we
were summoned before him. After read
ing us a caustic lecture on the evil we
had done he stood us in front of him
and sized us up. As a result of his ex-
amination our guards were again
changed. One was put over Honig and
myself and a special man was detailed
to watch over Billy. They all had or-
ders not to allow us out "of sight for a
moment. This readjustment rather hurt
Honig and myself. Billy was a little
bit of a fellow and we did not see why
a special guard should be detailed to
watch him while a single man waa
deemed sufficient to take care of both
of us.
Then we got into trouble between our-
selves. This single espionage racket had
converted us into sort of legal Siamese
twins. Whatever one of us wished to do
both had to do and wherever one of us
wished to go there the other had to fol
low. The guard was willing to accom-
pany us to any part of the ship, but he
insisted we should not separate. Now
this occasioned all sorts of lllfeellng be
tween us.
Honig and myself are dissimilar In every
way and our tastes are as opposite as
our appearances. If I wanted to look at
the city front it was a cinch that Honig
would want to gaze at Alcatraz, and if
Honig wanted to flirt with some one over
the bow I would have a particular friend
in one of the boats astern.
Finally we came to an arrangement by
which we took turn about, each man be-
ing the elder twin for half an hour, then
giving was* to the other. This agreement
worked like a charm and the guard, who
had been losing flesh trying to keep us
both together, had a chance to get a little
rest.
When the vessel came to an anchor a
tug bearing our superiors came alongside
and a message was sent up to us to losa
the guard and come down on board.
We told the boys what was wanted and
they stood in with us nobly. Getting
around our patrol they so mixed him up
among themselves that we had a chance
to slip away. I got on to the tug by the
help of a porthole which a couple of sol
diers held open while I slid down a rope
which a friendly coalpasser supplied me
with. Honig was there when I arrived
and Britt, losing his custodian through
the assistance of the Rafters, slid down
from the stern of the transport on a tug's
"flagpole. Even there he beat us on the
honor end of it. The pole broke and he
descended In a most sensational manner
right in the midst of a circle of ladles
seated on the tug's deck. The tug at
once steamed off and we were again free
men.
Honig and myself were much relieved at
our escape, but we could not help wishing
we had chosen the flagpole.
tried and twisted to the utmost, every
nerve was tense. He had entered upon
an unequal contest, but, having en
tered, his stout heart would not let him
retreat. The bull gathered its forces
for one supreme effort and sprang fran
tically forward. Peterson's legs stiff
ened until they seemed like twin masts
and he sat his nearly three hundred
pounds of individuality back on the at
mosphere and wished, for the moment,
that he were five hundred pounds heav
ier. But he did not need to be. Intel
ligently directed human strength proved
more than a match for blind brute
force. The shock of suddenly arrested
motion followed that last crazed leap
-for liberty, and then with a quick
bending of the giant form beside him
the bull's head was forced down be
tween his quivering forelegs; then
those forelegs wavered and bent, and
prone upon the ground lay . the con
quered beast, with Peterson of the
Brunswick sitting conqueror astride
his neck.
2324
NEW APPOINTMENT
IS MADE ONCE IN
EVERY SIX MONTHS
ALL THE PORTFOLIOS EXCEPT THREE
HAVE CHANCED HMDS.
*» "T OT '■'•■ thirty years nas a uaoinet
f\ I heen subject to so many changes
I \J as the one now intrusted with the
I \ affairs of the nation. Yes, ul-
though there has been a change
once every six months, and in one case
at a shorter Interval, the changes have
been made harmoniously and, generally,
to the good of the nation.
With the possible exception of Secre
tary Alger, who has his enemies, particu
larly in New York, the retiring Secretary
was mourned by the country; and the
fact was regretted that he was compelled
by state reasons or otherwise to change
his position. Elihu Root, the new Sec
retary of War, Is scarcely in the war
TO CROSS SIBERIA ON THE TRANS-SIBERIAN RAILROAD
- righted.
VLADIVOSTOK, Siberia, Aug. 14.—
"Going across Siberia! And .over
the .-Siberian Railroad! And
going to take your wife! Well::—"
And then ■■< long pause as if the
folly of such a trip could only be told In
eloquent silence. Friends were painfully
solicitous, acquaintances were sarcastic
ally skeptical and fiendishly humorous,
and such is the tenacity of tradition thai
most people familiar with plans spoke of
Siberia as a pleasing admixture of ironed
exiles, howling wolves and biting blasts,
marveled at my temerity, and to the verge
of discourtesy doubted my sanity. The
bright young men In the State Depart
ment at Washington took pains to tell
Senator Perkins thai I was flying in the
face of danger and should be restrained.
The plan of crossing Siberia was born
of the desire of the San Francisco Cham
ber of Commerce for Irulding facts and
figures about th, !'. -• a. .-.'..sin tic trade
and the probable off-ut bf the Siberian
Railroad on that portion of California
tributary to the city by the Golden Gate.
The details ot travel b.v this road were
not to be had Books oearing on li- road,
even the latest and best, were simply teas
ing, and the fragmentary information in
magazines and newspapers was useless.
in no Instance bad the traveler started
from Vladivostok and crossed the Rus
sian empire by rail, boat and team te Si.
Petersburg.
The intending traveler was told that the
Ruasian empire has an area of 8,500,000
square miles, one-sixth of the land of the
world, of which one-fourth is in Europ*-)
and the rest in Asia: that its population
is 130.000,000. of which 5.700,000 arc in be*
ria: that the empire has 25.000 mile? of
railroad, as against 180.000 miles In the
"United States; that St. Petersburg is the
SOFT. red lips add mightily to a
woman's appearance, and when
they part over even, pearly teeth a
face cannot but be attractive, even
though the rest of the features be not aa
faultlessly chiseled as those of a Greek
god. lees or the complexion be lacking ln
that white transparency so eagerly sought
after by the besklrted multitude. -.'
. Upon the mouth more than upon any
other feature are recorded the various
conditions of the mind. Peevishness, an
ger, worry, doubt and sorrow— ail the hu
man emotions perch upon the lips ln pass
ing, leaving there trie record of their brief
tenancy in script no plain that all who
will may rend Good traits and had are
registered alike on the mouth, and as the
years go on this mobile feature uncon
sciously assumes an habitual expression
reflecting those emotions that are most
common to It. Smiles following merrily.
one upon another J will shape the lips inte
the curve of Cupid's bow. but lips that
curve downward at the corners are us
ually the r.sult of 111-natured or uncharit
able thoughts. _ v v
Beware of lips that droop at the cor
ners. Thoy are not to be trusted. The
owner of .such lips is the one who, when
things go awry or any one pets into trou
ble remarks with acrid terseness, "I told
you so." Then. do we feel that we could
cheerfully do unholy murder, and that
our hand, would not have far to seek for
its victim. ' At least, that's the way 1
feel on such occac.ons.
One cannot ne.p associating thin lips
with a refined cruelty or coldness of dls
rw.Kitfon They b.i, g usually to one who.
ilthougb severe in judgnic-nt and Inclined
to -- censorious, may yet be falrU just
upon occasion, it Is the girl w.th the full,
red .ips and regular, white teeth. whose
smiles chase one another across the land
scape of her countenance as , merrily as
a firefly dances over the field of 1 1 sum
mer's evening, wi.o has the lovable dis-
',_-.,„ and a mind free from petty jea -
oublcs and .plies. This is. the _Irl we all
toWh^n,o^lc«aths lips have permanently
fallen Into certain fines It Is oifflcult to
change their shape. Still. whatever its
■hap" or defects, a mouth ma> be .ra
i hair, his being the latest change.
To-day of the original Cabinet only
three remain. They are Lyman Gage,
Secretary of the Treasury; John D. Long,
Secretary of the Navy, and James Wilson,
Secretary of Agriouiture. Through the
changes these three have kept their
places and are now on their ihird year
of national servitude.
The first changes in the McKinley Cabi
net occurred in 1898. In April of that year,
after fifteen months of service, James A.
Gary of Maryland withdrew, and Charles
Emory Smith of Pennsylvania succeeded
him.
At almost the same time John Sher
man. Secretary of State, withdrew. The
demands of the war with Spain were too
much for his failing health. He felt
that he was too old a man -or the
AND OBTAIN GUIDING TACTS AND riGUPES ABOUT RUSSIAN ASIATIC
TRADE TOR THE SAN r RANCISCO CHAMBER Or COMMERCE.
only city ln the empire containing over
1,000,000 people; that the great railway was
planned with a view to military necessi
ties: that Emperor Nicholas 11, then the
Czarowitch. turned the first spadeful of
earth at Vladivostok and proclaimed the
Imperial rescript of Alexander 11 May 11.
1891. and that the overland route from this
place to St. Petersburg is 6606 miles* This
data serves a purpose, and flung at those
unfamiliar with the Russian empire of to**
day gives dignity and Importance to the
dinger, It is of no practical value to one
about to cross Siberia. He wants to know
when and how to travel and the discom
forts he must face. Not knowing what
trials the journey might develop, I se
cured Introductory and Indorsing letters
from Count Casslni. Russian Embassa
dor at Washington; a letter from Secre
tary Hay. and also, of course, a passport
for myself and wife.
From San Francisco one has a choice of
three lines of steamers. We sailed the
middle of March and caught an equinoctial
storm on the ocean and the cherry blos
soms in Japan. Talking of beaten tracks
ls telling twice-told tales, and I will there
fore begin my story In the Russian at
mosphere of Nagasaki, where Russians
and Russian signs are numerous and In
creasing. The Russians, Japanese and
Germans have steamers running from
Nagasaki to Vladivostok, and you may
go directly to the latter place or touch
at Korean ports on the east or west coast
of that peninsula. ■ - '■'■■
The fare by the Japanese, and German
steamers— of "from 2000 to 3000 tons— is 40
yen (S2O), and the fare on the Russian
earners Ib 09 yen ($24 50). The yen and
proved upon a . made more attractive, If
Tn no other way that by. cultivating a
pleasing express!- . That lift to the lips
which Hardy gave to his Teas ls bewitch
ing, and in its quick upward movement
expresses the same sentiment that a
Parlslenne voices ln a shrug of the shoul
ders.
A mouth need not be small to be beau
tiful. Indeed, ln a large mouth the lips are
usually finer and more expressive, uut
they must be taken care of. Biting them
to make them red will make them coarse
and thick. This treatment should never
be indulged. in unless the lips are very
thin, in which case the increased flow of
blood whicii is thus brought about may
possibly help to make the lips a Utile
fuller. Gentle pinching will have the
same effect.
If too full, they may be improved, by
pressing or by drawing them in as much
as possible. However, in attempting this
be careful not to stretch the muscles, else
you will be horrified to find yourself the
possessor of a batch of nasty little
wrinkles. • '
Lips that are pale and colorless indicate
a feeble circulation, ■ weakened constitu
tion or an Impoverished condition of the
blood, for any one of which debilities a
physician should prescribe.
where the lips are rough and prone to
- hap upon the slightest provocation ,a
good camphor ice should be used. If you
yearn to prepare your own c smetlcs, tnen
mix up one after the following formula:
Camphor Cold Cream.
Take one-half ounce each of sper-
Take one-half ounce each of sper
maceti and white wax; melt and add
three and one-fourth ounces of oil
of sweet almonds; then add one
fourth ounce of camphor, broken into
small pieces, and stir until dissolved. Then
pour in one and one-half ounces of dis-
tilled water, in which fifteen grains of
borax have been dissolved. Stir until well
mixed and beginning to thicken; then add
four drops of oil of rose,', one drop oil of
• rose geranium, one drop oil of ylang-
ylang. two drops tincture of musk and
two drops tincture of civet.- Continue to
beat unti cold. .:..: ... ,^
"Cold, sores ."those annoying little blis
ters that sometimes come ln the night,
like a crop of mushrooms, can, when they
give warning of their approach, be warded
off, or, at least, be prevented from com
plete development, by frequently plaster-
Sbe flew Cabinet
place and his appointment was regarded
from • the first as an honorary one,
rather than an active measure. For this
reason William R. Day was appointed as
assistant, and an able assistant he proved
himself.
The withdrawal of the Ohio veteran was
not at all a surprise; indeed it had long
been awaited. ' Nor was there any sur
prise when the announcement was made
that the President had decided to call
the ruble have the same relative value
at Nagasaki. The Russian steamers are
transports of the volunteer fleet, vary in
size from 5000 to 10.500 tons and make the
passage In two and a half days. The
steamers of the other lines, partly be
cause of stops at way ports, are five or
six days making the trip. The Russian
volunteer fleet consists of sixteen steam
ers and is the gift of the Russian people
to the Government. The steamers were
built in England, are commanded by Rus
sia naval officers and carry soldiers, pas
sengers and freight from Russia and a
few intermediate ports to Vladivostok and
Tort Arthur, and are among the finest
troopships in the world. A 10,500 ton ves
sel of this fleet. and four American trans
ports from Manila were moored in Naga
saki harbor within a radius of 500 yards
while we were there, and furnished a con
trast the reverse of pleasing to patriotic
Americans.
The Russian* vessel had three big
smokestacks, twenty-four boilers and
was credited with a speed of twenty-two
knots an hour. The American transports
looked deplorably out of place, and one
of them bore the outward signs of a dere
lict. Indeed, the latter steamer, after
weeks of careful preparation, started for
San Francisco only to break down the
first day out.
We chose the transport Orel, Captain
Ivan Christianovitch Scalskl, I. N., com
manding, and in company with Mr. and
Mrs. W. A. Johns of Chicago, who were
visiting Siberian and Chinese ports, called
on .the Nagasaki agent for tickets. Our
passports were Inspected and copied and
then, for the passage price paid in Jap
LIPS AN INDEX TO CHARACTER.
This department is for the benefit of all those who are Interested in the science of cosmetics and the hy
giene or proper living. If any on*, desires Information on either of these subjects the questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as ma_.y questions as you please and sign
any name that you choose. Address ill communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call.
ing the fevered spot with a paste made ot
spirits of camphor and powdered quinine.
. • . • •
Once more I must ask my correspond
ents not to ask for replies to their queries
through the mail; whereas I am happy to
answer through the columns of The Sun
day Call as many questions as it may
please them to put to me. I really have
not the time to send personal replies.
There are only twenty-four hours in a
day, you know, and I have to eat and
sleep and read the papers the same as
yourselves. Addresses which cannot be
printed ln the paner will, be cheerfully
sent, of course, but all other questions
must be answered through the paper.
Answers to Correspondents.
MARY D.— l cannot give addresses In
the paper. If you will send me a stamped
addressed envelope and repeat your ques
tion I shall be pleased to give you the
Information you wish.
MISS V. SILVER— A tonic made of
equal parts of vaseline and cocoanut oil
will thicken your eyebrows, I am sure.
NAOMI— baths and steaming are
the best means of inducing perspiration.
There is a prepared cream that Is aald
to make the face perspire. If you will
send me a stamped, addressed envelope I
will send you the name of this ' prepara
tion and where it may be obtained. ~:;;'
- PICTURE— A good digestion and
a fair complexion usually* go hand
in hand. Anything that makes - pure,
rich blood will benefit the akin. In
your case I have no doubt that the
diet ls at fault. You should eat only
wholesome, nourishing food and let all
highly seasoned, spiced and greasy dishes
THE SUNDAY CALL.
into his Cabinet as the premier William
R. Day, who had commended himself to
the country as an able, safe adviser in
his capacity of Assistant Secretary .of
State at a time when the Secretary of
State was unable to respond to all the
demands of that Important place.
Secretary Day's tenure >itjf office was
brief. The place had sought. him. but it
was well known that it was $iOt congenial,
and that he desired to withdraw as soon
anese money, we were given a sheet of
paper awarding us cabins on the Orel.
We went to the steamer on a sampan.
were cordially received by the captain
and lirst officer, ran the respectful gaze
uf 1300 soldiers, and through the medium
of English, French and German, with a
few words of Russian, were allotted our
cabins and made to ffl at home.
There were forty Russians In the first
cabin, and among those who boarded the
ship at Nagasaki were a bright German
girl going to Nikolaievsk to meet aad
marry her lover; a young man from Eng
land, via India, with his dog and dog
house and fourteen pieces of baggage, and
we four Americans. The captain and of
ficers of the Orel were more than lncrt-iy
polite. They sought us. told us the meal
hours, and in every way saved us time
and trouble, treating us as if we were
their personal guests instead pf passen-
Krrs who had simply bought transporta
tion. <:
The cleanliness and quiet of the ship
commanded immediate admiration, for be
it remembered she had only Just arrive!
from Odessa, which port she left April
15 and .allied 1300 recruits for the Rus
sian-Asiatic army and nearly 200 first and
second cabin passengers. She looked
large and stanch and In good form, and
we were not surprised to learn that her
length was 452 feet and her beam 57 feet.
At 5:40 p. m., May 21, the Japanese curio
venders were sent from the decks to their
sampans, the siren shrieked several times
and the Orel steamed majestically down
the sunlit bay.
.After the shore line faded from view the
captain came to our group, which now
By Mme. Hygeia-
severely alone. Follow the rules laid
down for the thin girl and those little
lines that are beginning to come will "si
lently steal away." The astringent wash
will benefit your skin, I feel sure. It ls
made by placing in a half-pint bottle one
ounce of fresh uncooked cucumber Juice,
to which Is added three ounces of elder
flower water and one ounce of eau de co
logne. Shake well and add drop by drop
one-half ounce simple tincture of ben
zoin, shaking the mixture now and then.
Fill the bottle with elder flower water.
Apply with a sponge once or twice a day
and let lt dry on the skin. Zsl]\£ ""■ xi.
AN S. R. GlßL— Acne Is very difficult
to cure and can only be successfully re
moved by careful attention to general
diet and habits assisted by the use of
steam baths and friction together with a
mild lotion to prevent the re-forming of
the ugly little blackheads. An excellent
ointment for banishing these little black
spots' ls made of flowers of sulphur, one
teaspoonful; rosewater, one pint; gly
cerin, one teaspoonful. If it does not
help them, try the following: Liquid
ammonia, twenty drops; ether, one dram,
soft 3oap, one ounce. Bathe the place af
fected with hot water and rub ln a little
of this mixture with the thumb and wash
it off with hot water. Blackheads usual
ly come from the same causes as pimples,
and the diet has much to do with their
coming. You should avoid tea and coffee.
You can substitute cocoa and warm milk.
Do not eat pastry, sauces, cheese, nor
any highly seasoned dishes, but pin your
faith to fruit and well-cooked green vege
tables. At night the face should ba
steamed well, rubbing a little diluted al
cohol Into the skin. Let me know if this
treatment benefits you. As to telling you
what will make you stop growing I fear
that «8 beyond me. I would not worry
about it, if. I were you. You probably
won't grow any more, and . 5 feet 84
as the war with Spain was ended. When
that -consummation was practically as
sured Mr. Day did resign, but he served
the country again in the highly Important
capacity of president of the Peace Com
mission at Paris. His duties ln that
place completed, he retired to the quiet
of his home at Canton, refusing to take
up again the State portfolio, and con
tenting himself with accepting the
Judgeship of a United States court in
included the young German lady and the
Englishman, and fold us supper war
ready. With some misgiving we went to
the table. Foreign residents of the Orient
had warned us against Russian cooking.
and we looked for trouble.' The cuisine
wns an agreeable surprise. The decora-
Live features of the table were in excel
lent tasto, the setting was attractive, the
menu was varied; and only in two in*
stances did the food' show the greasir.ess
affected by Russian cooks. Instead of the
usual American array of knives and forks
there was a tier of four plates at each
seat. On the top and smallest plate were
crossed a silver knife and fork, and at the
side of the tier was a well laundered rap
kin.
The first course, served by tall Russian
waiters in white suits, ' consisted of a
slice of tasty tongue with thin wafers ot
white radish in cream. Then followed an
appetizing cabbage soup, hot and nourish
ing; next a fillet of beef with small onions
in a rich gravy; next fried chicken with
lettuce and cucumbers on the same plate,
then a coarse of cauliflower with an in
viting cracker crumb and butter dressing.
Strawberries, cheese and coffee followed.
The bread, both black and white, wa"
very good, the water was Ice cold, and
vodka and tea were served as desired,
and wines to order. The claret from the
imperial vineyard proved mild and agree
able, and was a trifle sweeter than Cali
fornia zlnfandel. The vodka stood on the
table In large carafes and was taken at
will. .Vodka is nearly colorless, with Just
a suggestion of lemon shade, and has the
taste of delicate gin. The last plate of the
tier disappeared with the cauliflower, and
Inches is not a very great height In these
days of tall women. One frequently sees
girls a couple of Inches taller than you
are, and some of them are stunning look
ing creatures, "divinely tall and most
dlvlnelv fair," you know, and all that,
So don't bother.
JANE— If the superfluous hairs on your
lip and chin are dark in color they can be
made much less noticeable by repeated
applications of peroxide of hydrogen. If
you wish them permanently removed,
electricity is the only way. Powders and
depilatories merely burn off the hairs,
leaving the roots in a condition to flourish
again. Nothing has yet been discovered
that will dissolve or kill the hair-roots.
The electrical treatment may have to be
undergone several times, as few hairs
treated are permanently destroyed.
IRENE Lemon juice and borax, In
the proportion of fifteen grains of borax
to one ounce of the Juice, is as simple and
excellent a remedy for freckles as any
you could And. Its application should al
ways be followed by a smearing of cold
cream. Use immediately after coming
in from exposure to sun and wind. Then
if you will scrub your face nightly with
a complexion brush, tepid water and cas
tiie soap, and again apply the cold cream
the blackheads: will be benefited also.
Please read foregoing reply to An S. R.
Girl. Arsenic, should never he taken, ex
cept by advice of a competent physician
GERTRUDE N.—A red nose is usually
the result of unwise eating, Imperfect cir
culation or a too tighly laced corset,
Find out the cause and remedy that, and
then bathe the nose frequently in diluted
witch hazel. Cold cream, if made from
pure ingredients and not composed of ani
mal fats, will not increase the growth of
superfluous hair. I would lot the fuzz on
mv arms severely alone were I in your
place. Thera are, of course, depilatories
that will rtmov* tha hair tar the time be
GREATEST NUMBER
OE CHANGES EOR
PAST THIRTY YEARS
THREE SECRETARIES OF STATE DUR
ING THE M'KINLEY TERfI ■
Ohio. It was a thrusting away of high
honors which was as impressive as it
was unusual.
His successor in the Department of
State was Hon. John Hay of Ohio, who
was recalled from the United States Em
bassy at London, where he had served
with dignity 'and usefulness. He was ap
pointed Secretary of State on September
20. 1898. .l--'-. ■: :*■■*■■■■:*■■ *:,.:■■
In the beginning of 1898 Judge Stephen
Field had retired from the bench of the
Supreme Court on account of old age, and
Hon. Joseph McKenna, Attorney General,
was appointed to succeed him. At that
time Hon. John W. Griggs was Governor
of New Jersey, a man most popular with
the people. But on the President's solic
itation he was persuaded to resign • from
the gubernatorial chair and accept the
the strawberries came In on a thin white
dish like an American dinner plate.
The regulation meal hours were 7 to 9
a. m., coffee, tea, black and white bread;
11 a. m., breakfast; 2 p. m., tea and cof
fee: 5:30 p. m., supper; 8 p. m., tea and
knick-knacks. The tea was served in the
orthodox Russian style in tumblers. The*
waiters poured first an inch of tea, then
filled up with hot water, and the passen
ger used cube sugar and sliced lemon to
taste. The breakfast table was set as for
supper except that a standard dish heaped
with Russian candies wrapped in silver
and oil paper stood at each end of the
table. The first course of our first break
fast was composed of a bit of cold ham
and a tiny pickled fish. This was fol
lowed by Japanese lobster garnished with
egg, chopped beet and lettuce and served
with mayonnaise. Then came a toothsome
veal cutlet in a sliced lemon environment.
Tea, cheese, coffee and candy finished th*
meal. Vodka and wines were taken at
breakfast as we would take them at
lunch or dinner. _l \.V,
The cabin passengers had the exclusive
use of three decks amidships and the sol
diers and their wives and a few colonists
were quartered fore and aft. In addition
to her human freight the Orel carried
Iron rails, provisions and miscellaneous
supplies for the army. The soldiers were
stalwart, orderly, good-natured, frolick
ing, pious fellows, who found great pleas
ure In singing national and sentimental
songs and Hymns. The evening service at
sea was unique and Impressive and the
choir effects were grand. On the steamer
course from Nagasaki to Vladivostok
the distance is 660 miles and at this sea
ing, but It always returns, usually worse
than before, and the depilatory has to be
used again and again. If, when asking
for hair tonics, you girls would only tell
me whether your hair ls oily or dry, I
could advice much more satisfactorily.
What . is good for excessively oily hair
would not do at all to use on dry hair.
If your hair la In the latter condition,
use the following: Forty-eight grains
resorcln, one-fourth ounce glycerin and
alcohol enough to fill a two-ounce bot
tle. If the hair ls oily, this tonic will be
better: Forty grains of resorcin, one
half ounce of water, and one-half ounce
each of alcohol and witch hazel. Apply
to the scalp at night, with a small sponge.
Liquid face powders are not positively
harmful to the skin, unless they contain
bismuth or lead, as do so many of the
liquid preparations. Besides, they are
seldom used these days.
BAXTER— course of gymnastics,
combined with a fattening diet, will in
crease the size of the arm and wrist.
Lemon juice left to dry on the skin, fol
lowed by an application of cold cream,
will whiten the neck and hands as satis
factorily as anything you could use. Cold
water and castiie soap, applied with a
complexion brush, is the best treatment
for open pores. The scrubbing may seem
to make the pores more gaping for awhile,
but it will certainly end in improving and
refining the skin. The scrubbing should
be followed by an application of the or
ange flower skin food.
. D. D. D.— As the treatment suggested
has not been successful, suppose you try
washing your face with common table
salt. Merely fill the hand with the salt,
dampen with water, and with it scour the
face and neck until they are all in a glow.
It will probably Irritate the skin a bit
at first, but keep it up. If the blackheads
do not yield to this treatment, then get
four ounces of tincture of green soap and
four and one-half ounces of witch hazel
and mix them together. - Apply every
other night, washing off Immediately with
hot water. Use a Turkish washrag. Do
not expect marvelous change to be
wrought in a night and do let me know if
the treatment is helpful.
HELEN G.— surely could not have
been, the skin food that started that
downy growth. Lanolin and cocoanut oil
in their. pure state are both excellent hair
producers, but ln combination with other
Ingredients they are comparatively harm
less. Besides, there Ib not enough of
either one in the skin food to have this
portfolio of the Attorney- General.
The Department of the Interior has had
two incumbents. The first man appointed
was Cornelius N. Bliss of New York. But
in December, IS9S, Mr. Bliss resigned and
was succeeded by Ethan Allen Hitchcock
of Missouri. Mr. Hitchcock was at that
time stationed in the Embassy at St. Pe
tersburg, but he left there to accept the
office of the Interior.
The Cabinet as it will be this fall when
the President calls the first meeting will
consist of: John Hay, Secretary of State;
Lyman J. Gage, Secretary of the Treas
ury; Ellhu Root, Secretary of War; John
W. Griggs, Attorney General; Charles E.
Smith. Postmaster General; John D. Long,
Secretary of the Navy; Ethan Allen
Hitchcock, Secretary of the Interior, and
James Wilson, Secretary of Agriculture*.
son the passage is fairly pleasant.
We had mild weather for twenty-four
hours and then, passing out of the Jap
anese warm current off Matsue Island
Into the Japan Sea, we ran into fog. rain
and a lower temperature, necessitating
the free use of wraps, overcoats and
shelter. During the night of the 23d the
steamer slowed down to steerage way
and used her siren freely, ana next morn
ing the captain felt his course through
thick fog to the narrow and tortuous -en
trance to Vladivostok harbor.
'At S o'clock we picked up the green
slope of a bold promontory off what the
Vladivostoklans fancifully term ■ the
Straits of Bosphorus, and as we neared
the shore other and equally gTeen eleva
tions came into view, and on Siberia the
inviting, instead of Siberia the forbidding,
we feasted our eyes.
"The steamer was a study as well as the
shore, for the soldiers and colonists, who
had come 9350 miles by sea to this remote
corner of the -earth, scanned the shore
with deep interest and conflicting emo
tions. . XX ■-■.- .'*-5»
The steamer moved slowly through the
fortified. straits, and as the fog and mist
arose we saw in the outer harbor first
steamers, more brick buildings arid then
the town, a miniature San Francisco in
hilly outline, with brick buildings of the
official and office type very much ln evi
dence, and wooden buildings straggling
along and across narrow valleys ana up
steep hillsides. As we neared the floating
piers to which we were to tie, sampans
manned by Chinese and Koreans came
about the ship, and dashing through the
sticky mud of broad and unpaved
streets were the famous picturesque
and essentially practical Russian car
riages with one horse in the shafts
under his high arch, the traces
hitched to the hubs of the front wheels,
and another horse harnessed free on the
outside and with head held down and out,
the correct Russian style, galloping to the
trotting step of the animal in the shafts.
WILLIAM MITCHELL BUNKER
effect. I am inclined to think the little
hairs would have sprouted anyway. How
ever, lf you feel uneasy about lt then use
a cream that contains neither one of these
ingredients. I think you will find the
almond cream more satisfactory than the
other one you mention. If you would pre
fer not to use glycerin omit it. and use
in its place another half ounce of almond
oil. That will make three ounces of the
oil in all. The peroxide of hydrogen
merely bleaches the halra. I doubt lf
cow's cream will aid very materially In
eradicating wrinkles, but it is very soft
ening. You can add a little benzoin to it
if you wleh, not more than ten drops to a
glass of cream, I should say. The lotion
recommended for the hands has such a
very small proportion of glycerin in It
that you need not fear its turning the skin
black or in any way injuring it. Your
druggist could not have used the exact
proportions called for, else the ■' powder
would not have roughened your face. If
you will send me a stamped, addressed en
velope I will give you the name of a pre
pared powder that I consider very de
lightful. I really do not see why your
cucumber cream did not mix. Did you
add the liquid all at once immediately
upon removing the other ingredients from
the heat and then beat with an eggbeater
until cold? That is what you should have
done. Thirty-eight drops of benzoin Is al
together too much for that quantity of
cream; fifteen drops would be a better
proportion. . - v~. -;_.v-, ;•
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
ICMI^-BSd la removed by DR. and MRS
fwVM#*£-5W **-. W. TRAVERSE, Donohoe
B^*__^i^H building. 1170 Market St., cor.
S^*3£§r.vr*ig Taylor, rooms 28-29, with the
■Se^FE-I. ya electric needle, without pain or
WttSU'vß -"car. Moles, warts, wrinkles,
jP*W -***£*$& blackheads, freckles, blrth-
i^^-'&ai^-Kj marks, etc., also removed. Per-
■XHa" M 8 manency guaranteed. Hour*. 1
to 4 p. m. f* : **;
FREE TREATMENT.
RloNliTKlNFrestoreB gray or faded hair to
-lu-uimiiL;,.- natural color, produces new
growth on bald heads, restores lost eyebrows.
Contains' no dyes, poisonous drugs, . chemicals
°r, "l_l"*rJ*'i, -** Is purely a HAIR FOOD. ONE
PEEK'S TREATMENT FREE at 1201 Bueh,
2°« Hyde (-u-*",Bt*--***). from 1 to 5 p. ■_ Tti.
Butter 2321.► PRACTICAL HINTS .
THAT SHOULD BE
RE/nE/nBERED
Jxn Jirtistic tj^fome*
*"? N the northern residence portion of
Stockton and surrounded by a well-
• i kept lawn is the handsome modern
home of C. L. Ruggles. The reception
hall la finished in oak with solid, carved
oak stairs. The walls are tinted to
match and decorated with oak leaf pat-
terns. Floor covering, terra-cotta color
with light figures.
The Oriental scheme of decorations
and furnishings is carried out in the
parlors, the furniture being of mahog-
any in Eastern style. Heavy draped
portlers, walls tinted pinkish gray with
clematis decorations. The carpets are
light colored axminsters, rose-figured.
Light and shade effects lend additional
charm and richness.
In the dining-room olive-tinted walls
ornate with wild grape vine and quail,
also oranges and leaves harmonize with
* the solid oak finish and furniture. The
mantel and sideboard are in oak and
beautifully carved.
7/fushrooms.
Every woman should loam how to tell
an edible mushroom from a poisonous
toadstool. Fresh, mushrooms must be,
ln order to be good, and the wild ones
have a finer flavor than the* cultivated
ones. The market usually has the "puff
ball" and "button" variety, the* latter be
ing considered the better.
In preparing the fungi peel and wash
quickly, never allowing them to soak..
Cook from fifteen to twenty minutes
and serve hot.
Stewed Mushrooms— Melt two table
spoonfuls of butter in a stew-pan,
add two cupfuls of mushrooms, a tea
spoonful of salt, a little pepper, and cover.
Allow to simmer, shaking and stirring for
twenty minutes or until done. Serve Im
mediately.
Stewed Mushrooms ll— Place one cup
ful of beef or veal stock and one cup
ful of mushrooms in a stewpan, cover and
allow to cook fifteen minutes. Thicken
with a' tablespoon fu! of flour and some
butter mixed. season with salt, pepper
and a little chopped parsley, powdered
mace and a pinch of garlic.
Baked Mushrooms— Fill a porcelain
lined pan with large. firm mush
rooms. Season each mushroom wlthlsalt,
pepper and a little piece of butter. Bake
until tender. Make a sauce by stewing
the stems in water and season with salt,
pepper and lemon juice. Thicken with
flour and hint Pour the sauce over
mushrooms and serve very hot.
Fricasseed Mushrooms— Slice the mush
rooms, brown in butter, dip in flour,
Then cover with chicken stock and sea
son to taste. Serve on small pieces -of
dry toast which have been dipped In hot
water and then buttered.
Mushroom catsup— Good mushroom
catsup ls something much sought after.
Fill an earthen jar with nice, firm
mushrooms and sprinkle over them half
a pound of salt, cover well and let stand
twenty-four hours. Then put the Jar in a
medium 'oven for an hour. Strain off the
liquid and to each quart add one ounce
of Jamaica ginger, one ounce of pepper
and one dram of mace. Place on stove
and boil well. Bottle and keep in a cool
place. "' ■''*',■■
Curried mushrooms— Melt two table
spoonfuls of butter ln an iron frying
pan and stir in the same amount of flour.
When brown stir ln one 6mall tablespoon
ful of surry, season with salt and pepper.
Pour in one plat of oiuckea stock and sdd
three cupfuls of sliced mushrooms. Cook
until tender and serve on buttered toast.
Mushrooms .ln chafing dish— wipe
or wash lf needed, peel cut stems
fine, and lf tough stew first in a little
milk. Slice or quarter the tops, cooK
them five minutes in plenty of butter, tnen
add cream sufficient to make a sauce
sprinkle with salt and pepper, add tne
stems and simmer a few minutes, or tin
tender, adding more cream if neeaea.
There should be sauce enough to moisten
the toast. This is one of the simplest
and most delicious ways of cooking musn
rooms, especially the late varieties.
-* —
3*ruit Punches,
Fruit punches are easily made in this,
the season for ripe fruits. They are
wholesome, digestible and appetizing, for
luncheon they may be served for dessert
and lor dinner in place of the oyster
cocktail. • -. *•■.■ - ,
Raspberry Punch— This is also very de
licious made in exactly the same man
ner with the same proportions of fruit
juice, water and sugar. The iuice of two
lemons should, however be added, ana
for a earnish stir in blanched almonds
with the beaten white of an egg. It should
be served in champagne glasses, and v, hen
used as i, dessert it is very nice to have
small triangles of angels' food colored to
the same shade a* the punch.
Cherry Punch-Take one and one-half
pints of cherry juice, one-half pint of
water three-fourths of a pound of sugar,
together with the juice of one lemon an
ounce of candied cherries and the white
of an egg. The cherries should be well
jammed together, and some of the pits
broken in order to get a little of the bit
ter flavor of the nut. The sugar should
then he added and the whole brought to
a boiling point. Strain and add the water.
Put the whoie into an ice cream freezer,
and after it is frozen stir in the beaten
white of an egg and the candied cherries.
Blackberry Punch— The fruit should be
thoroughly cooked ln order to bring out
the brilliant color. When properly made
it is exceedingly rich and beautiful ln
color, but is apt to be a little dull If tak
en off the stove too quickly. The Ju'.co
of one lemon should be added in order to
give It the requisite tang. White currants
as a garnish give a very pretty effect in
contrast to deep red. "Never om!t the
beaten white of an egg. To two quarts of
berries add three cups of water and one
and one-half cups of sugar. Mash the
fruit and sugar together and let tt stand
two hours, then add water and boll twen
ty minutes, strnln. and when cool, freeze.
Orange Punch— Take one and one-half
pints of clear Juice, add to lt one-half pint
of water, and dissolve in It three-fourths
of a pound of finely -powdered sug'ir.
After freezing, add in the usual manner
the beaten white of an egg; sliced ba
nanas may be suggested as a crarnlsh.
Lemon punch Is made In exactly the same
way, except that lt requires a full pound
of surar.
— _ — _»
Vfoths.
TJfoths.
Moths are the bane of every house
keeper's life. Precious garments packed
away are in constant danger. Bits of
camphor, cedar chests and soul-sicken
ing moth balls are used and to no effect.
Furs, woolens and even cottons are
eaten if food becomes scarce. The ques
tion is how to get rid of them. Car
bolic acid is not pleasant to use, moth
balls still worse. But there Is a remedy
and one that kills. Take trie clothes from
closets and drawers, hang them over
chairs. Close windows and doors. Place
a small pan of water ln the center of the
room and la it an iron dish or pot coo
Tea Table Correctly Laid
v*-^_^**"»-»»_i _ *^__r C\ "\. "i 7 ____"* ___4k.
3ror tbe Housewife
taining some ashes. On the ashes lay a
good-sized piece of gum camphor, sat
urate with alcohol and set afire. Be sure
and close every means by which air can
enter the room. In one hour the cam
phor will have burned and you may be
assured that every moth or prospect of
one has been destroyed. Of all the moths
the most destructive one Is, the "buffalo
testis" or carpet moth. 'When ones in a
THE, SUNDAY CALL.
carpet it is almost impossible to kill it.
Moth millers are destructive themselves,
but the larvae or worms which come
from the eggs laid by them do the in
jury. Each miller will lay from thirty to
100 eggs, so the necessity for killing them
can be readily seen.
When putting things away for the
summer, wrap and pin them in a news
paper, for paper of any kind hurts the
digestive apparatus of a moth. If no eggs
nave been deposited, you may go away
and not worry for the safety of your
furs.
— ♦ .
TJhe TJea uable.
Tea is usually a light meal, berries,
cake and chocolate or sandwiches and
tea being served. Berry set. chocolate
Bet and cake dishes are used in the
picture. The dishes are cut glass; the
chocolate set white Havlland China,
with cut glass sugar bowl and creamer.
The water glasses are placed to the
right and the spoons for the berries on
the left. The chocolate set is placed to
the right of the hostess, the cups set
ting on a silver tray; carafe, cake dish
and almond dish placed wherever de
sired.
Every one has her own Idea as to
how a table should be set. There is no
rule to follow, and on one's good taste
let us hope it is good— rests the appear
ance of a table. Pretty dishes and fine
linen are things every one cannot have,
but use what you have to the best ad
vantage; make the table look pleasing,
and hope, as we all do, for better some
day. Tables set by the Emporium. -
, _ «
Cooking Steppers.
Nice, large green bell peppers are used
In making the following dishes: ■ ., rr-
Stuffed peppers— Cut the top off green
peppers,' take out the seeds and allow to
atand in cold water 'for a few moments;
dry, and fill with ths followlnr
One cup of bread crumbs, one-half cup
of minced ham and a very small amount
of onion juice. Season with salt, pepper
and melted butter. Place In pan; pour
over a cupful of meat stock; cover and
bake twenty minutes; uncover, brown
well and serve immediately.
Peppers cooked with rice and tomato-
Prepare peppers as above and stuff with
RECEIPTS YOU
SHOULD PASTE IN
YOUR COOK-BOOK
-. i ♦
cooked rice, first mixing with the rice one
cupful of tomato sauce. Place ln an oven
and allow to heat through.
Fried peppers — Cut the tops off pep
pers,, extract seeds and cut crosswise. Al
ow to stand in water twenty- minutes.
Dry well, sprinkle with salt and pepper,
dip in flour and fi-^ln hot fat or olive
oil. Serve with ste-J-Fs* or chops. '
Peppers stuffed -with corn— five
ears of sweet corn. Shell with a sharp
knife. Season with salt, pepper and
plenty of butter; thicken with a little
flour. Fill peppers, sprinkle tops with
cracker crumbs and bake twenty minutes.
Salads.
Cherry salad— ; this select fine,
large* black oxheart cherries and take out
the stones of sufficient to make the salad
required." Put them in a cooking bowl
and dust them well with powdered sugar
and add to two pounds of cherries (weight
before stoning) a wineglass of sherry
wine and the same of cherry brandy.
Mix thoroughly but lightly with two forks
and let them stand an hour In a cool
place. Then chill on ice and put in glass
dish, dressing with cherry or other fruit
leaves, but not smllax, Just before serv
ing. .■'-" :!".-."*,,■■''>'■ .'"-,
Grapefruit salad— Shred the graperruit
and dress with nut oil prepared by adding
one part lemon juice to two parts nut
oil. Serve In a deep dish.
Beet salad— Bake medium-sized blood
beets until tender, plunge Into cold water,
rub off the skins, wipe and put on Ice.
Shred finely nearly as much young white
cabbage as you have beets, sprinkle with
salt and set aside for twenty minutes.
Slice a layer of beets on a bed of nastur
tium leaves, spread the drained cabbage
over, cut a few leaves of the beets Into
quarters and garnish the top of the cab
bage with the points. Serve at once with
the dressing havin boiled yolks of eggs.
Apple and pineapple — Prepare as
for pineapple, using one-half part of finely
cut tart apples; as -fast as. they are cut
they should be added to the salad dress
ing, to keep- them- from becoming dark.
Apples should never be chopped, as this
causes them to lose their color.
Tomato Choose uniform-sized ripe
tomatoes; pour boiling water over, drain
at once, cover, with cold. water, remove the
skins and set on ice. Make a filling of
finely chopped cucumbers and one-third
as much chopped green peppers; when It
ls time to serve cut a slice from the stem
end, carefully take out the seeds, drain
out the Juice, fill half-full of the prepared
cucumber, place on a lettuce leaf and fill
with the whlpped-cream dressing.
— ***•. -
Opafo for jCuck.
The opal ls no longer considered of evil
omen by those who are'tne best Informed.
It has become popular to believe that in
stead of 111 luck the opal carries with It
the best luck and happiness in its highest
form. Indeed, it is now. considered the
token of mutual love, burning brightly in
all the colors of the rainbow. It ls the
gift of lover to sweetheart, the symbol
of an eternal devotion, and of so devoted
a character as to- show Itself In constant
and fiery flashes of beautiful color. .
To emphasize this romantic Idea the
opal ls now cut In the form of a heart.
and the sentiment of a heart on fire with
love is one which appeals to all lovers.
This heart, when small enough, is set in
a ring, but Australian opals have recently
been imported of sufficient size to permit
of their being used in a simple gold frame
as a pendant for the lorgnette chain.
These opal hearts are also used for the
centers of brooches.
Tea-Table Incorrectly Laid.
jolltes and jams,
Fruit for jams and Jellies must be Juicy,
but not overripe. An Iron pot with porce
lain lining is best for cooking, as it never
heats too rapidly, and when hot holds ihe
heat it has acquired.
Cook all fruit slowly, and when making
jams prepare the syrup by having it boil
ing hot and most of the water cooked out
before adding the fruit.
Quince and apple jelly — Slice and
quarter the fruit, but do not peel.
Place in kettle, cover with water and al
low to simmer until the fruit is tender.
Pour the fruit in a flannel bag and allow
to drip, but do not squeeze. Squeezing
makes cloudy jelly. When dripping ceases
measure the juice, and to one pint allow
a pound of sugar. 801 l twenty minutes,
then put In sugar, boil a minute and pour
into glasses. *..**
Apricot, plum or peach jam — Peel
or stone the fruit, allowing three
quarters of a pound of sugar to every
pound of fruit. Place the fruit on the
stove and boll for half an hour. Put in
the sugar and boil for twenty or twenty
five minutes. For strawberries make a
thick syrup before turning in the fruit.
Gooseberry jam ls made the same way,
allowing the same amount of sugar.
Tutti fruttl — Use cherries, strawber
ries, raspberries, currants and pineap
ple. Take a large earthen jar, and to
each layer of fruit allow 'our tablespoon
fuls of sugar. When th r is filled pour
in as much brandy as . _ jar will hold.
Cover well and keep one month befors
using.
Tomato jelly — Peel and cut ripe to
matoes. To each pound add four drops of
bitter almonds and the grated rind of one
lemon. 801 l the tomatoes until tender,
then strain through a cheesecloth bag.
Measure the Juice, allowing to each pint
one pound of loaf sugar and the Juice of
one lemon. 801 l thirty minutes, then pour
in glasses. '
Spiced fruit — Any of the small fruits
can be used. To every four pounds
allow a pint of vinegar, three pounds of
sugar and two tablespoonfuls of cinna
mon and cloves. Cook thirty minutes,
pour ln jars and seal while hot.
Spiced apple Jelly —To each pint of
juice allow a few pieces of clnnamo »,
the. grated peel and juice of half a lemon
and some cloves. 801 l fifteen minutes,
strain through a flannel bag and add ons
pound of sugar to each pint.
Blackberry jam — Allow equal weight
of sugar and berries. Mash half of
the berries and sift all but the seeds
through a flne sieve. Add the remainder
of the berries, mashed but not sifted, and
simmer half an hour, stirring frequently.
Add sugar and boll five minutes. Turn mto
small jars and seal when cold.
*
Sood to ulnow.
Cut glass should be washed ln strong
soap suds and then polished with sawdust
and chamois.
Steel knives should be scoured with
ashes and pumice stone.
A small piece of charcoal placed with
cutlery will prevent rust.
A carpet will be cleansed and bright
ened if ammonia ls added to the pall of
water in which the broom is dipped.
A strong solution of potash will removs
paint from window glass.
Egg shells and hot suds will clean a
bottle as well as shot.
Brass bedsteads may be polished with
sweet oil and whiting.
Spots on kalsomlned wall may be re
moved by rubbing with stale bread.
Muriatic acid will remove Iron rust from
marble or porcelain.
2526
Dave Won Ever Seen a Human Ifncubator?
-1
I AYE seen a human Incubator.
I discovered it ln the full tide of
successful and glorious operation
ln a nlpa hut hidden ln a bamboo
thicket near Kallbuyo Towers, beyond
La Caridad. and I kept careful daily
watch of It until, its tale of days being
numbered, it delivered to the world over
two dozen of the prettiest and fluffiest
and brightest-eyed little chicks imagin
able.
The day that I first beheld this— to
me — novel application of human forces
to distinctively gallinaceous ends was
a notably hot one even for Luzon. The
sky itself seemed almost like the radi
ating roof of a superheated furnace,
and no one save a somewhat foolhardy
and extremely adventurous American
soldier would have even thought of
stirring out from under the grateful
shadow of roof or awning or protect
ing tent.
As, however, it was far too hot to
expect to be even partly comfortable
anywhere, and the monotony of camp
life had become almost unbearable,
Lieutenant George N. Wolf, ordnance
officer of the Oregon regiment, deter
mined, together with myself, to take a
seven-mile ride under those biasing
heavens on an errand partly explora
tive and partly of practical charity.
We had heard the day previous
through one of the native boys that
there was great suffering among the
fisher people down by the Towers be
cause since the Spanish had been driven
away there had been little or no sale
for their only stock in trade. Even had
they possessed their usual small means
it would have been difficult If not im
possible for them to have procured suf
ficient quantities of really nourishing
food to supply their demand, since all
the caraboa, or water buffaloes— the
mainstay of the Islands ln the way of
low-priced meat— had been secured for
the use of the Filipino army, and chick-
ens — the other chief dependence of the
people — were simply not to be thought
of at all by persons who were not able
and willing to pay at least ?2 for even
the scrawniest kind of an underfed hen.
It was not that chickens were not plen
tiful enjough to be more easily secured,
but a few enterprising and hard
hearted natives had managed to corner
the supply, with the result that their
poorer countrymen were reduced to
most desperate straits through their In
strumentality. A special element of
wretchedness was added to the situa
STRANGE FEATURES OF THE MOST REMARKABLE LAKE IN CALIFORNIA
BY 11. W. FAIRBANK.
ON the eastern side of the Sierras
and extending close up under
them is the most remarkable
lake in California. While on the
east the snowy peaks tower
above lt, on the northwest and south it
Is bounded by the desert sands of the
Basin area.
Tear after year the mountain streams
pour into the lake and although it has
no outlet it never rises or falls more
than a few feet. It is intensely alka
line and saline. Though only about
twelve miles ln its greatest dimension
the water contains enough salts of
various kinds to supply the world for
generations. For Instance, there are
ninety-two million tons of soda, eigh
ty-six million tons of salt, forty-seven
tlon through the fact that having been
because of their dire poverty restricted
almost exclusively to a flsh diet, the
beach people had become afflicted with
most painful cutaneous eruptions which
had developed in many cases into a
general disease affecting the whole
physical structure.
Loading ourselves with a number of
cans of beef and a half-dozen large
pasteboard boxes of hardtack, the lieu
tenant and I started on our torrid jour
ney, resting for a brief time at La Carl
dad, which seemed utterly deserted un
der that scorching sun, every one hav
ing fled to cover, there to remain until
cooler eventide, and then pushed on
through a bamboo thicket to the beach
skirting that portion of Manila Bay.
Alone on the sands we found one old
woman digging in the sand with her
clawlike fingers for shell flsh, which she
eagerly devoured as soon as found. The
voracity with which she disposed of a
cracker which we experimentally threw
to her showed that anything made of
flour was a heavenly luxury in her es
timation. We gave her as many as we
thought it would be prudent for her to
eat, and she disposed of every crumb of
them without a word or even a gesture
of thanks; but before she shuffled out
of sight into the bamboo Jungle she
uttered a singular cry, which brought
around us as by magic a small army ox
Filipino children.
Half-clothed and far more than half
starved they all were, yellow ln color
and sunken of cheeks, with stick-like
arms and legs, gnarled lumps of knees
and elbows, and abnormally large ab
domens. Boys there were wearing
nothing but breech-cloths, girls clad
with a flutter of rags as a "salsa, " and
little bony toddlers clad only with the
sunshine. There were luminous eyes
gleaming all around -wolfish-looking
eyes that glared at us out of scores of
wan little faces heart-breaking in their
pathos of childish and unmerited mis
ery.
My friend and I stood back to back
and threw handfuls of pieces of cracker
into the famished crowd, being obliged,
however, to interfere occasionally, and
often with considerable force, to pre-
" ihe poor oid woman, having outlived her usefulness in other ways, bad been roetamorphosed into an incubator."
vent the comparatively strong from
triumphing over and defrauding their
weaker companions. As our store of
hardtack grew lower I opened some of
the cans of beef and, cutting thetr con
tents into small* pieces, distributed
them, one to each of the little ones, tell
ing them at the same time that this
was the end of their day's feast and
that their clamorous presence was no
longer desirable to us.
They disappeared as magically as
they had burst upon oqr vision, melt
ing into the wall of green behind us al
million tons of sulphate of soda and ten
million tons of chloride of potassium.
With the water so rich in these de
structive salts it ls strange that any
thing can live in it, but nevertheless
it does support several kinds of animal
life. There ls a little crustacean, half
an inch long, and resembling a shrimp,
with which the water is so filled that as
they swim about here and there they
make the water seem almost alive.
There is a fly also which seems to be
unaffected by the water even if sub
merged in it. The countless numbers
of these insects fairly blacken the
sand ln many places. There is also an
insect which In the early summer lays
its eggs in the water, and toward fall
they hatch out in immense numbers.
These worm-like creatures wash up on
the shore in great windrows, and if left
soon decay and pollute the air. How
ever, this seldom happens, for the In
most like shadows. One little girl, a
tin. id creature with a pair of the most
mournful eyes that. I ever saw, had
particularly attracted our attention by
the fact that although she hid fought
valiantly with her small comrades to
secure even rather more than her share
of the provisions we had brought, she
had eaten not even a crumb of it all,
but had stored It in her "salsa." It
seemed certain that she was Intending
to share her treasure with some one, or
else intended to enjoy a much too large
meal at her leisure and in peace. To
dians since time immorlal have known
the food value of these larval Insects
and come from far and near to gather
them. They are collected in the great
baskets which the squaws carry on
their backs, are dried and then stored
for winter
On a morning after a storm the white
foam may be seen In great masses
floating upon the water, reminding one
forcibly of the Icebergs of the north.
Should a light breeze arise they pre
sent a most striking spectacle as they
&\\®JFS: RBWATOK^ftE B<M>y ©IT' WATrfXlj-}
I[J ■ - . 'DM" (SAc_a,n*'*S)-&_-do^
THE SUNDAY CALL.
see which was the case the lieutenant
and I quietly followed her as she sadly
wandered away, and discovered that
her destination was a hut sheltered by
the tali bamboo.
Inside the hut there was absolutely
nothing save a few rude implements
used for cooking, probably, in happier
days, and at one side a sort of raised
platform of bamboo upon which lay a
gaunt old woman, packed, apparently,
in very dirty cotton batting. Cozlly
nestled in this soft material, close
against and between her arms and body
float hither and thither over the water.
There are other strange features about
the lake. There are springs scattered
over Its bottom, and many of these,
which contain lime In solution, have
built up fantastic towers, some of
which extend above the water. From
one the water flows like the stream
from a circular fountain running out
over the edges of the basin.
High above the present level of the
water may be seen the shores of the
old lake which existed here during the
and in her still luxuriant but wildly dis
heveled hair, were nearly three dozen
hens' eggs. The poor old woman, hav
ing outlived her usefulness ln other
ways, had been metamorphosed Into an
Incubator, and most conscientiously
was she performing her arduous duties.
She lay perfectly motionless as her
young grandchild — who had acted the
part of Elijah's ravens— stood on tiptoe
beside her and fed her slowly with
fragments of meat and cracker; and
she seemed almost afraid to speak, or
even chew, lest she should break the
glacial period. There are two large
Islands in the lake and upon them the
foot of man Is seldom planted, for
though the Indians gather- about the
shores they cannot be persuaded to
cross the water and no canoe ever ruf
fled its surface. A little scow, leaky
and hard to row, was the only avail
able kind of boat and, choosing a quiet
morning, for fear it would not stand
the fierce afternoon winds, we ventured
out to the Islands ln it. Strange islands
indeed we found them to be. One is dark
fragile treasures committed to her
charge.*
From that day George and I made
this living incubator our special chargo
and saw to it that neither she nor her
young attendant lacked for food. We
made frequent visits to the solitary hut
and kept close tvatch not only of the
condition of the old woman but of the
eggs, concerning which we felt a special
and solicitous curiosity. It was our
good fortune to be present when the
hatching time arrived, and the odd
sight it was to see the tiny chickens
and forbidding and formed entirely of
lava, which looks as if It had but yes
terday been lifted above the water.
Jagged lava surrounds a black volcanic
cone of very recent origin. On the older
lava there are a few bushes and a
small flock of goats manage to eke out
an existence.
The larger island Is partly volcanic
and partly formed of clay beds. Its
surface is light in color and almost free
from vegetation. On the south side of
this island, which' ls called by the In-
dlans Paoha, is a considerable area
permeated by the heat of the subter
ranean fires which still smolder there.
The rocks are hot under foot and from
crevices here and there issue jets of
steam or hot vapors. On a cold morn
ing a column of steam can be distinct
ly seen from the mainland six miles
away.
*
Just out from the shore, and covered
Just out from the shore, and covered
scrambling out of their shells all around
and over their foster-mother I shall not
soon forget.
Later I was informed that it is
quite the custom among the Filipinos
to utilize the disabled and the aged in
this manner, though this " special In
stance is the only one of which I have
had personal cognizance. With hens
at 52 apiece the enterprise is certainly
a remunerative one, though it would
scarcely find favor in mors civilized
communities.
PIERRE N. BOERIXGER.
by the waters of the lake, ls a warm
spring of fresh water, rising from the
bottom. It affords a delightful spot for
bathing, for lf one goes into the
water of the lake he will be covered
with -a crust of soda if he does not
rinse off in fresh water afterward.
Copious springs of sulphur water rise
from a little flat on the side of the isl
and. They have a petroleum flavor and
are undoubtedly medicinal. Both isl
ands look as If only recently elevated
above the lake. They seem to occupy
me center or tne volcanic action of the
region. We felt while on them nearer
to the infernal regions than at any
other time of our lives.
With easier communication across ths
Sierras, this isolated but most remark
able lake would prove for the tourist a
most attractive feature of our State.
Even now, almost inaccessible as it Is,
it will abundantly repay the effort nee*
essary to reach it.ACTIVE
SERVICE
r • Copyrighted.
MARJORY WAINTETUGHT fall* In lor. with Rufns Coleman, Sunday editor
of the New York Eclipse. She tells her father, one of the most learned
professors in a great Eastern college, of her intention to marry Coleman and.
la spite of the fact that Coleman was at one time a favorite pupil, the match
li most bitterly opposed by him. He arranges a trip to Greece hoping to pre
vent the wedding. Coleman call* on Marjory for an answer to his suit. To
try his affecUon she treats him coolly and announces her trip to Greece. He
misunderstands, and the result ls they say good-by ln a most matter of fact
manner, but Marjory rushes In tears to her father folly oonvlnoed that Cole
man dees not love her, while Coleman goes to the club and drown* his grief
In drink. The professor arranges to take some of his studsnts with his family
to Qreso* .among them a young sophomore named Coke, who ha* distinguished
hi self la a freshman rush and ls regarded by Coleman ln the light of a
rival. Coleman gets an appointment as war correspondent of the Eclipse for
th* war in Greece and sails via London. On the steamer he meets Nora Black.
a celebrated dancer and an old friend, who pays him marked attention.
Coleman rather slights the attentions of the fair Nora and in turn ls him
sell anubbed. He leaves London without telling her good-by, although she sits
near him at supper, and from remarks she makes to her party be knows she
1* fond of Wm. In Greece he learns that the Wainwright party are at Nlkopolls
and tn danger, so he sets out for that point at once.
Coleman find* th* approach to Nlkopolls surrounded with dltflcu.Ue* and no
tree* ot th* WalnwrtghU. He reoeive* a cablegram from, the "Bolipse" to as-
certain th* whereabouts of th* perty at all hazards, as their position had
already crested considerable comment ln America.
It certainly was a big affair. Marjory of course was everything in one
way, but that to the world was not a big affair. It was the romance of the
Wainwright party In It* simplicity that to the American world was arous
ing great sensation; one that in the old days would have made his heart
leap like a colt. 2 : '-!•*_ '"'l
Still, when batteries had -fought each other savagely, and horse, foot
and guns were now about to make a general advance, it was difficult, he
oould see, to atir men to think and feel out of the present zone of action:
tc adopt for a time, ln fact, the thoughta and feeUnga of the other side of
the world. It made Coleman dejected as he aaw clearly that the task
was wholly on hia own ahouldera
Of course they were men who when at horn* manifested the most gentle
and wide-reaching feeling*; most of them oould not by any possibility
have slapped a kitten merely for the prank, snd yet all of tbem who had
seen an unknown man ahot through the head ln battle had little mora to
think of it than 1_ the man had been s rag baby. Tender they might be;
poets they might be; but they were all horned with a provision--, tem
porary-, but absolutely essential callouae which waa formed by their ex*
istence amid war, with ita quality 6f making them always think of the
sights and sounds concealed In their own direct future
They had been simply polite. "Yes?" said on* to Coleman. w*W
many people In the party? Are they all Americans? Oh, I suppose it wiu
be quite right. Your Minister in Constantinople will arrange that .<-*esiljr,
Where did you say? At NikopoUs? Well, we conclude that the Turks will
make no stand between here and Penteplgadia In that case your Nwir
oil* will be uncovered unless the garrison at Prevasa intervenea That
garrison at Prevaaa, by the way, may make s deal of trouble Remember
Plevna"
"Exactly how fax la lt to NlkopoUa?" asked Coleman.
"Oh. I think it ls about thirty kilometers," replied the other. ' There
1* a good military road as soon as you cross the Louros River. I've got
the map of the Austrian general staff. Would you like to look at it . '
Coleman studied the map, speeding with his eye rapidly to and fro
betweeii Arta and NikopoUs. To him it was merely a brown lithograph of
mystery, but he could study the distances.
He had received a cordial invitation from the commander of the cav
alry to go with him for another ride into Turkey, and he Inclined to be
lieve that his project would be furthered lf he stuck close to the -avairy*
So he rode back to the cavalry camp and went peacefully to sleep on the
6od. He awoke in the morning with chattering teeth to find his dragoman
saying that the major had unaccountably withdrawn his loan of tha two
troop horsee. Coleman of course Immediately said to himself that the
dragoman was lying again In order to prevent another expedition into
ominous Turkey, but after all if the commander of the cavalry' had sud
denly turned the light of his favor from the correspondent it was only a
proceeding consistent with the nature which Coleman now though: he was
beginning to discern, a nature which can never think twice in the same
place, a gaseous mind which drifts, dissolves, combines, vanishes w'*h the
ability cf an aerial thing until the man of the north feels that *** .ah'
clutches lt with full knowledge of his senses he ls only the vjctn : ,f his
ardent Imagination. It ls tbe difference ln standards, in creeds, which is
the more luminous when men call out that they are all alike.
So Coleman ar.d his dragoman loadea their traps and moved out to
again Invade Turkey. It was not yet clear daylight, but they felt thst
they might well start early since they were no longer mounted men.
On tlie way to the bridge the dragoman, although he was curiously In
love with his 40 Cranes a day and h!9 opportunities, ventured a stout pro
test based apparently upon the fact that after all this foreigner, four cays
out from Athens, was somewhat at his mercy. "Meester Coleman." he
Eaid. stopping suddenly, "I think we make no good If we go there. Much
better we wait Arta for cur horse. Much better. I think this no good.
There ls coming one big fight and I thick much better we go stay Arta.
Much better."
"Oh. come off." said Coleman. And In clear language he began to
labor with the man. "Look here, now, if you think you are engaged In
steering a bunch of wooden-headed guys about the Acropolis, my dear
partner of my joys and sorrows, you are extremely mistaken. As a mat
ter of fact you are paid now to be the dragoman ot a war correspondent
and you were engaged and are paid to be one. It becomes necessary that
you "make good. Make good, do you understand? I'm not out hi -o to be
bunkoed by this sort of game." He continued indefinitely in th:3 strain
and a* intervals he asked sharply, "Do you understand?"
perl the dragoman was dumfounded that the laconic Coleman
could on occasion talk so much, or perhaps he understood everything and
was impressed by the argumentative power. At any rate he suddenly
wilted. He made a gesture which was a protestation of martyrdom, and
picking up his burden proceeded on his way.
When they reached the bridtre they stlw columns of Greek Infantry.
dead black in the dim light, crossing the stream and slowly deploying on
the other shore. It was a bracing sight to the dragoman, who then went
Into one of his absurd babbling moods, in which he would have talked the
head off any man who was not born in a country laved by the childish
Mediterranean. Coleman could not understand what he lid to the soldiers
as th--*v passed; but it was evidently all grandiose nonsense.
Two light batteries had precariously crossed the rickety bridge during
the night, and now this force of several thousand Infantry, with the two
batteries was moving out over the territory which the cavalry had recon
noltered 'on the previous day. The ground being familiar to Coleman he
no longer knew a tremor, and regarding his dragoman he saw that that
Invaluable servitor was also in bettor form. They marched until they
found one of the light batteries unllmbered and aligned on the lake of
grass about a mile from t^bere parts of the white bouse appeared above
the tree tops. Here the dragoman talked with the captain of artillery, a
tiny man on an Immense horse, who for some unknown reason told him
that «h!s force was going to raid Into Turkey and try to swing around the
opposing army's right flank. He announced, as he showed his teeth ln a
smile, that it would be very, very dangerous work. The dragoman pre
cipitated himself upon Coleman. "■■l'-.-'l;
"This is much danger. The eopten he tell me the traps- go now. in
back of the Turks. It will be much danger. I think much better we go
Arta wait for horse. Much better." Coleman, although he believed he
despised the dragoman, could not help but be Influenced by his fears. They
were so to speak, in a room with one window, and only the dragoman
looked forth from the window, so If he said that what he saw outside
frightened him Coleman was perforce frightened also in a measure. But
when the correspondent raised his eyes he saw the captain of the battery
looking at him. his teeth still showing in a smile, as if his Information,
whether true or false, had been given to convince the foreigner that the
Greek 3 were a very superior and brave people, notably one little officer of
artillery He had apparently assumed that Coleman would balk from ven
turing "with such a force upon an excursion to trifle with the rear of a
hard-fighting Ottoman army. He exceedingly disliked that man, bitting
un'there on his tall horse and grinr.ing-like a cruel little ape with a secret.
In truth Coleman was taken aback at "the outlook, but he could no more
refrain from Instantly accenting this half-concealed challenge than he
could have refrained from resenting an ordinary form of Insult. His mini
was not at peace, but the small vanities are very large. He was perfectly
aware that he was being misled Into the thing by an odd pride, but any
how it easily might turn out to be a stroke upon the doors of Nlkopolls.
He nodded 'and smiled at the officer ln grateful acknowledgment of his
s •& r v I c *B
The Infantry was moving steadily afield. Black blocks of men were
tri'line In column slowly over the plain. They were not unlike the tacks
of dominoes on a green baize table: they were so vivid, so startling. The
corresDondent and his servant followed them. Eventually they overtook
two companies In command of a captain who seemed immensely glad to
have the strangers with him. As they marched the captain spoke through
the draeoman upon the virtues of his men, announcing with other news
-he fact that his first sergeant was the bravest man in the world.
"a number of columns were moving across the plain parallel to their
line lot march and the whole force seemed to have orders to halt when
they reached a long ditch about four hundred yards from where th_ shore
of the rTlaln arose to the luxuriant groves with the cupola of the big white
bn-Se sticking above them. The soldiers lay along the ditch, and the
bravest man In the world spread his blanket on the ground for the cap*
tata Coleman and himself. During a long pause Coleman tried to eluci
date the Question of why the Greek soldiers wore heavy overcoats even in
the bitter beat of midday, but he could only learn that the dews, when
they came ' were very destructive to the lungs. Further, he convinced
b'mself anew that talking through an Interpreter to the minds of otHer
m'en was as satisfactory as looking at a landscape through a stained-glass
"■■ "After a time there was ln front a stir near where a curious hedge of
dry brambles deemed to outline some sort of a garden patch. Many of the
soldiers exclaimed and raised their guns. But there seemed to come a
general understanding to the line that it was wrong to fire. Then Dres
ertlv Into the open came a dirty brown figure, and Coleman could see
through his glasses that its head was crowned wjth a dirty fez which had
once been white. This indicated that the figure was that of one of the;
Christian peasants of Eplrue. Obedient to the captain the sergeant aiosel
a-id waved invitation. The peasant wavered, changed his mind, was ob
viously terror--* trick en. regained confidence and then began to advance
r''**r uitously toward the Greek lines. When he arrived within hailing dis
tance the captain, the sergeant, Coleman's dragoman and many of the
solders yelled human messages, and a moment later he was seen to-be*
a poor, yellow-faced stripling, with a body which seemed to have been
r«t twisted by an ill birth and afterward maimed by either labor or op
pression, these being often identical in their effects. .AX- Xt
v t-t's reception of the Greek soldiery was no less fervid than their wel
come of him to their protection. He threw his grimy fez In the air and
crocked out cheers, while tears wet his cheeks. When he had come upon
tbe right side of the ditch he ran capering among them and the captain,
the sergeant; the dragoman and a number of soldiers received wild em
braces and kisses. He made a dash at Coleman, but Coleman was now
wa" in the game and retired dexterously behind different groups. with a
finished appearance of not noting that the young man wished to greet hm.
Behind the hedge of dry brambles there were more Indications of life.
and the peasant stood up and made beseeching gestures. Soon a whole
flock of miserable people had come out to the Greeks, men, women and
children In crude and comic smocks, prancing here and there -iproar
fously embracing and kissing their deliverers. An old tearful toothless
hag flung herself rapturously into the arms of the captain, and Coleman s
brlck-and-!ron soul was moved to admiration at the way in which the
officer administered a chaste salute upon the furrowed cheek. The &*__£_
man told the correspondent that the Turks had run away from the village
up in a valley toward Janina. Everybody was proud and happy. _
A malor of Infantry came from the rear at this time and asked the cap
tain in sharp tones who were the two strangers in civilian att ira Jlhea
tbe captain had answered correctly the major was immediately mollified
BM*K"^ 0**«;
[Continued.]
acd had tt ssnotn-ssd ts tte ***-*fp--*>..i-t*«r*» that his battalion was going
to move Immediately Into ths "Tillage and thai hs would be delighted to
have hi* oompsny.
The major strode st ths bead of hie men with the group of villagers
singing ana dancing about Mm and looking upon mm aa if he were - god.
Coleman and the dragoman, at the tfflcer** request, marched on* on either
side of him, and ln this manner they entered the village.' Prom all sorts
of hedges end thicket* people cams creeping out to pass into a delirium
of Joy. The major borrowed three little pack horee* with rope bridle* and
thus mounted snd foUowed by the clanking column they rode on in
triumph. 1.-.v: ..-:■■■ y '-*
It wee probably mors of a trae festival thsn moet men experience evon
In the longeet Ufeitims. The major with hi* Greek instinct of drama was
s aplendld personification of poetic quality*, in fact he was himself almost
a lyric. Prom time to time he glanced back at Coleman with eyes half
dimmed with appreciation. The people gathered flowers, great blossom*
of purple and corn color. They sprinkled them over th* three horsemen
and flung them deliriously under the feet of the Uttle nags. Being now
mounted, Coleman had no difficulty in avoiding the embrace* of the peas
ants, but he felt to the tips of his toes an abandonment to a kind of pleas
ure with which he was not at all familiar. Riding thu* amid cries of
thanksgiving addressed at him equally with the others, he felt a burning
virtue and quite lost his old self ln an Illusion of noble benignity. And
there continued the fragrant hall of blossoms.' .:;
Miserable Uttle huts straggled along the sides of the village street as
if they were following at the heel* of the great whit* bouse of the bey. The
column proceeded northward announcing laughingly to the glad villagers
that they would never see another Turk. Before them on the road wa*
here and there a fez from the head of a fled Turkish soldier ana they lay
like drops of blood from some wounded leviathan. Ultimately It grow
cloudy. It even rained slightly. In the misty downfall the column of
soldiers ln blue was dim a* lf It were merely a long trail of low-hung
smoke.
They came to the rv.ns of a church and there the major halted his
battalion. Coleman worried at hts dragoman to learn If the halt was only
temporary. It was a long time before there was answer from the major,
for he had drawn up hi*, men in platoons and was addressing them in a
speech as Interminable as any that Coleman had heard In Greece. The
officer waved his arms and roared out evidently the glories of patriotism
and soldierly honor, the glories of their ancient people, and he may have
Included any subject in this wonderful speech, for the reason that he had
plenty of time in which to do It. It Was impossible to tell whether the
oration was a gcod or a bad one, because the men stood In their loose
platoons without discernible feelings as if to them this appeared merely
as one of the inevitable consequences of a campaign, an established rule
of warfare. Coleman ate black bread and chocolate tablets while the,
dragoman hovered near the major with the Intention of pouncing upon
him for information as soon as his lungs yielded to the strain upon them.
The dragoman at last returned with a very long verbal treatise from the
major, who apparently had not been as exhausted after his speech to the
men as one would think. The major had said that he had been ordered
to halt here to form a junction with some of the troops coming direct from
Arta and that he expected that in the morning the army would be divided
and one wing would chase the retreating Turks on toward Jannina, while
the other wing would advance upon Prevasa, because the enemy had a
garrison there which had not retreated an Inch, and although it was
cut off it was necessary to send either a force to hold it ln its place or a
larger force to go through with the business of capturing It. Else there
would be left in the rear of the left flank of a Greek advance upon Jan
nina a body of the enemy which might become active. Tlie major said
that his battalion would probably form part of the force to advance upon
Prevasa. Nlkopolls was on the road to Prevasa and only three miles away
from It. . -'.-.-,■
CHAPTER Xn.
Coleman spent a long afternoon ta the drizzle. Enveloped in his mack
intosh he sat on a boulder ln the lea of one of the old walls and moodily
smoked cigars and Ustened to the ceaseless clatter of tongues. A ray of
light penetrated the mind of the dragoman and he labored assiduously
with wet fuel until he had accomplished a tin mug of coffee. Bits of cinder
floated in it, but Coleman rejoiced and was kind to the dragoman.
The night was of cruel monotony. Afflicted by the wind and the dark
ness the correspondent sat with nerves keyed high waiting to hear tne
pickets open f.re on a night attack. He was so unaccountably sure that
there would be a tumult and panic of this kind at some time of the night
that he prevented himself from getting a reasonable amount of rest. Ho
could hear the soldiers breathing ln sleep all about him. He wished to
arouse them from this slumber which, to his Ignorance, seemed stupid.
The quality of mysterious menace in the great gloom and the silence would
have caused him to pray if prayer would have transported him magi
cally to New York and made him a young man with no coat playing bil
liards at his club. _'---"■-'.-- ■■'*'- ■':*-*:X:: *r*X:v:.
The chill dawn came at last and with a flne elation which ever follows
a dismal night In war; an elation which bounds in the bosom as soon
as day has knocked the shackles from a trembling mind. Although Cole
man had slept but a short time hi was now as fresh as a total abstainer
coming from the bath. He hear . the creak of battery wheels; he saw
crawling bodies of infantry moving in the dim light like ghostly proces
sions, He. felt ___jr«n.eAfl9qts V^U^com^-frtth thl* £»* b«^s J^U-9 $-.*-*£
THE SUITD AT OALIi*
tight. Hs sgsdntook satisfaction in his sentiments! Journey. It wan
shining affair. He wae on active ■arvice, an active eervice of the heart,
and he felt thst be wss a atrong man ready to conauer difficulty even
as the olden>eroes conquered difficulty. He imagined himself In a way
Uke them.^eTtoo, bad oome out to fight for love with~glants . dragonß
and witches. He had never known that he could be ao pleased with met
kind of a parallel. . . w_____
The dragoman announced thst the major had suddenly lent Y*«*fL_srV_
to some other people, and after ourelng thia versatility of «n«*rest lis
aummoned his henchmen snd they moved out on foot. foUowing th* sound
•{the creaking wheel*. _*hey came la time to s bridge end on. the aid*
of this bridge wss s hard military road which aprang away in two direc
tions, north and west. Borne troopi were creeping out the weatwsxg, way
and the dragomen pointing at them said: "They going Prevaaa. That la
roed to NlkopoUs.'r Coleman grinned from ear to ear and "lapped bis
dragoman on the shoulder. For a moment he Intended to hand tb* men
a louia of reward, but he changed hia mind. _ _-'* '* ___ __,
Their trapa were in the way of being heavy, but they minded J little
einoe the dragoman was now a victim 'of the Influence of Coleman* en
thusisam The road wound along the base of the mountain range, sheer
ing around the abutments in wide white curves end then cironng into gie.ia
where immense treea apread their ahade over it Some of the great trunks
were oppressed with vines green ac garlands, and these vinea even ran
like verdant foam over the rocks. Streams of translucent water show
ered down from the hilla and made pool* In which every pebble, every
leaf of a water plant shone with magio luster, and if the bottom OX s
pool wsa only of clay th* clsy glowed with sapphire Ught. The flay waa
fair. The country tru part of that land which turned the minds of it*
ancient poets toward a more tender drearylng so that indeed their nympns
would die, one la Burs, in the cold mythology of the north with its storms
smid the gloom of pine forests. It was all wine to Coleman a spirit. It
enlivened him to think of succeas with absolutely surety. To be sure one
of hie boots began soon to raep hia toes, but he gave It no snare of his
attention. They passed st a much faster pace thsn the troopa and every
where they met laughter and confidence and the cry, "On to Prevaas.
At midday they were st the heels of the advance battalion, among
ita stragglers, tsklng Ita white dust into their throata and eyes. The
dragoman was waning and he made a number of attempts to stay Cole
man, but no one could have had influence upon Coleman a steady rush
with hia eyes alwaya straight to the front as lf thus to symbolise hia
ateadlneas ofpurpoae. Rivulets of sweat marked the dust on hia face, and
two of hia toe* were now paining sa if they were being burned oft. He
wsa obliged to concede a privilege of limping, but he would not atop.
At nightfall they halted with, the outpost battalion of the infantry.
All the cavalry had ln the meantime come up and they saw their old
frienda. There was s village from which the Christian peasant* came
and cheered like a trained chorua. Soldiers were driving a great flock
of fst sheep Into a corral. They hsd belonged to a Turkish bey and thay
bleated aa if they knew that they were, the mere spoil* of war. Coleman
lsy on the ateps of the beys house smoking, with hia head on his blanket
roll. Campflres glowed off In the field*. He ws* now about four miles from
Nikopolia. X*
Within the houae the oommander of the cavalry wss writing dispatches.
Officers clanked up and down the stairs. The dashlngyoung captain cams
and said that there would be a general aaaault upon Proves* st the dawn
of the next day. Afterward the dragoman descended upon the village
and ln some way wrenched a Uttle gray horse from sn inhabitant Its
packsaddle was on Its back snd lt would very handily carry the trapa.
In thia matter the dragoman did not consider hia msster; he considered
bia own sore back.
Coleman ate more bread snd ehooolste tablets and also some tinned
sardines. He was content with the day's work. He did not ace how he
could have Improved it There waa only one route by which the Wain
wright party could avoid him and that wss by going to Prevesa and
thence taking ship. But since Prevaas wss blockaded by a Greek fleet
he conceived that event to be Imnoeelble. Hence he had them hedged
on this peninsula and they must be either st Nlkopolls or Prevasa. He
would probably know all early ln the morning. He reflected that he waa
too tired to care If there might be a night attack and then wrapped in hia
blankets he went peacefully to Bleep ln the grass under a big tree with
the crooning of some soldiers around their flre blending into his slumber.
And now, although the dragoman had performed a number of festa
of incapacity, he achieved during the on* hour of Coleman'a Bleeping
a blunder which for real finish was aimply a perfection of art When
Coleman, much later, extracted the full story it appeared that ringing
events happened during thst single hour of Bleep. Ten minutes altar
he had lain down for a night of oblivion the battalion of infantry, which
had advanced a little beyond the village, waa recalled and began a hur
ried night march back on the way It had bo festively coma It was sig
nificant enough to appeal to almost any mind, but the dragoman was
sble to not understand It. He remained Jabbering to some acquaintances
among the troopers. Coleman had been asleep his hour when the dashing
young captain perceived the dragoman and. completely horrified by hie
preaence at that place, ran to him snd whispered to him swiftly thst
the game was to flee, flee, flee. The winr of the army which had advanced
northward upon Jannlna had already been tumbled back by the Turks
snd all the other wing had been recalled to th* Louros River and there
was now nothing practically between him and his Bleeping master and
the enemy but a cavalry picket. The csvalry wae immediately goinir to
make a forced march to the rear. The Btricken dragoman could even thon
see troopers getting Into their saddles. He rushed to the tree, and In a
panic simply bundled Coleman upon his feet before he was awake. He
stuttered out his tale and the dazed correspondent heard it, punctuated
by the steady trample of the retiring cavalry. The dragoman saw a
man's face then turn In a flash from an expression of luxurious drowsiness
to an expression of utter malignancy. However, he was too much In a
hurry to be afraid of lt; he ran off to the little gray horse and fren
zledly but skillfully began to bind the traps upon the packsaddle. He ap
peared in a moment tugging at the halter. He could only say: "Come!
Come! Come! Queek! Queek!" ' They slid hurriedly down a bank to
the road and started to do again that which they had accomplished with
considerable expenditure of physical power during the day. The hoof
beats of the cavalry had already died away and the mountains shadowed
them in lonely silence. They were the rear guard after the rear guard.
The dragon. a:: muttered hastily his last dire rumors. Five hundred
Circassian cavalry were coming. The mountains were now infested with
the dread Albanian Irregulars. Coleman had thought In his daylight
tramp that he had appreciated the noble distances, but he found that
he knew nothing of their nobility until he tried this night stumbling.
And the hoofs of the little horse made on the hard road more noise
than could be made by men beating with hammers upon brazen cylinder-.
The correspondent glanced continuoally up at the crags. From the other
side he could sometimes hear the metallic clink of water deep down in
a glen. For the first time in his life he seriously opened the flap of his
holster and let his fingers remain on the handle of his revolver. From
Just In front of him he could hear the chattering of the dragoman's teeth
which no attempt at more coolness could seem to prevent. In the mean
time the casual manner of the little gray horse struck Coleman with
maddening vividness. If the blank darkness was simply filled with fero
cious Albanians the horse did not care a button: he leisurely put his
feet down with a resounding ring Coleman whispered hastily to the drago
man. "If they rush us. Jump down the bank, no matter how deep It ls.
That's our only chance. And try to keep together."
All they saw of the universe was in front of them, a place faintly
luminous near their feet, but fading in six yards to the darkness of a
dungeon. This represented the bright white road of the daytime. it had
no end. Coleman had thought that he could tell from the very feel of tho
air some of the landmarks of his daytime Journey, but he had now no
sense of location at all. He would not have denied that he was squirm
ing on his belly like a worm through black mud.
They went on and on. Visions of his past were sweeping through
Coleman's mind precisely as they are said to sweep through the mind
of a drowning person. But he had no regret for any bad deeds; he re
gretted merely distant hours of peace and protection. He was no longer
a hero going to rescue his love. He was a slave making a gasping attempt
to escape from the most Incredible tyranny of circumstances. He half
vowed to himself that If the God whom he had ln no wise heeded would
permit him to crawl out of this slavery he would never again venture
a yard toward a danger any greater than may be incurred from the police
of a most proper metropolis. If his juvenile and uplifting' thoughts of
other days had reproached him he would simply have repeated and re
peated, "Adventure be damned."
It became known to them that the horse had to be fed. The debased
creature was asserting its right to do as it had been trained— to follow
its gust-omy lt was asserting this tfgbt duripg a situation, whioh required
conduct superior to an training aad owtom. It was ps grossly ootnpsa
tional thst Coleman would bars understood that dacaeolao form of anger
which sometimes leads men to lab knives lato warm bodies. Cowman
from cowardice tried to induce the dragoman tp go ahead leading the
horse and the dragoman from cowardloe tried to induo* Coleman to
go ahead leading tbe horse. Coleman, qf course, bsd to succumb. The
dragoman wss only good to walk behind and tearfully whisper melodlo
tions as be prodded the flanks of their tranquil beast _
at the aftsoluts blaok of the frequent forests Coleman not see his
feet sad he often felt like a man walking forward to fall st sny moment
down a thousand yards ef chasm. He heard whispers; he saw skulking
figures, snd these frights turned out to be the voice of a Uttle trickle
of wat*_\or the effects of wind among ths leaves, but thsy were replaced
by the same torrents tn slightly different forma
Then the poignant thing Interpolated. A volley crashed ahead of them
Some half a mile away snd another volley answered from a still nearer
point Swlahing noises which th* correspondent had heard in the air he
now knew to have been from the passing of bullets. He and the dragoman
cam* stock still. They heard three other volleys sounding with the abrupt
clamor of a hall of Uttle stones upon a hollow surface. Coleman and the
dragoman came close together and looked Into the whites of eaoh other's
eyea The ghastly horae at that moment stretched down hi* neck and
began placidly to pluck the grass at the roadside. The two men were
equally blank with fear and each seemed to seek In the other some newly
rampant manhood upon which he could lean at this time. Behind them
were the Turks. In front of them was a fight in the darkness. In front
it was mathematio to suppose in fact were also the Turks. They were
barred; enclosed: cut off. The end was come.
Even at that moment they heard from behind them the sound of
slow, stealthy footsteps. They both wheeled instantly, choking with this
additional terror. Coleman saw the dragoman move swiftly to the Eide
Of the road, ready to Jump Into whatever abyss happened to be there.
Coleman atlll gripped the halter aa if it were in truth a atraw. Tha
stealthy footsteps were much nearer. Then it was that an insanity camo
upon him as if fear hsd flamed up within him until it gave him all the
magnlflecent desperation of a madman. He Jerked the gray horse broadside
to the approaching mystery, and grabbing out his revolver aimed it from
the top of hia improvised bulwark. He hailed the darkness.
"Haiti Who's there?" He had expected his voice to sound Uke a
groan, but Instead It happened to sound clear, stern, oommar.dlnr, like
the voice of a young sentry at an encampment of volunteers. He did
not seem to have any privilege of aelectlon aa to the words. They were
born of themselvea , . ''.._,
He waited then, blanched snd hopeless, for death to wing out of the
darkness and strike him down. He beard a voice The voice said: Do
you speak English?" For one or two seconds he could not even under
stand English, snd then the great fact swelled up and within him. This
voice with, all its new Quaver* was still undoubtedly the voice of Pro
fessor Harrison B. Wsinwright of Washurst CoUega
CHAPTER XIII.
A change flashed over Coleman aa if lt had come from an electrhj
storage. He had known the professor long, but he hsd never before
heard a Quaver ln hi* voles, and it was this little Quaver that seemed
to Impel him to supreme disregard of the dangers which he looked upon
as being the final dangers. His own voice had quavered.
When he spoke he spoke ta s low tone: it was the votes of the master
of the situation. He could hear his dupes fluttering there in, the darkness.
"Tes," he said, "I speak English. There is some danger. Stay where you
axe and make no noise," He was as cool ss sn Iced drink. To be sure
the circumstances had In no wise changed as to his personal danger, but
beyond the Important fact that there were now othera to endure it with
him he seemed abl* to forget It in s Btrange, unauthorised sense of vio
tory. It came from the professor's quavers. _-__.«_-_
Meanwhile he had forgotten the dragoman, but he recalled Mm to time
to bid him wait. Then, sa well concealed as s monk hiding In bis cowl,
he tiptoed back Into a group of people who knew him intimately -He dis
cerned two women mounted on Uttle horses and about them were dim
men. He could hear them breathing hard. "It Is all right" he began
smoothly. "Tou only need to be careful"— _._«_ »_
Suddenly out of the blackness projected a half phosphorescent face. It
was the face of the Uttle professor. He stsmmered, "We— we— do yott
really speak English?** Coleman in his feeling of superb triumph oould
almost have laughed. His nerves were as steady a* hemp, but he was
In haste and hia baste allowed him to adm_alater rebuke to his old pro
fessor. "Didn't you hear meT" be kissed through his tightening lips.
'-They are fighting just ahead of as ea the road and if you want to save
yourselves don't waste time" __ ___..,..___»_.___,_____ •_
Another face loomed faintly Mrs a mask painted to dan. gray. It
belonged to Coke, snd lt was a mask figured In profound .stupefaction.
The Ups opened snd tensely breathed out tbe name, '"Coleman.' pq
ptantly the correspondent felt about him that kind of a tumult which
tries to suppress Itself. He knew that lt was the most theatric moment
of hia life. He glanced quickly toward the two figures on horseback.
He believed that one was making foolish gesticulations while the other
sat rigid and silent. This latter one he knew to be Marjory. He was con
tent that she did not move. Only a women whowas glad he hedoame
but dia not care for him would have moved. This appUed directly te
what he thought he knew of Marjory's nature ..
_*here was confusion among *>• students, but Colemsa suppresses tt as
in such a situation might a centurion. "S-s-steadyP He seized the a»__
of the professor and drew him forcibly close. "The condition is this," he
whispered rapidly. "We are ln a fix with this fight on up the road. I
was sent after you, but I can't get you into the Greek lines to-night.
Mrs. Wainwright and Marjory must dismount and I and my man will take
the horses on and hide them. All the rest of you must go up about a
hundred feet into the woods and hide. When I come back I'll hail you and
you answer tow." The professor was like pulp in his grasp. He choked
out the word "Coleman" in agony and wonder, but he obeyed with
a palpable gratitude. Coleman sprang to the side of the shadowy figure
of Marjory. "Come." he said authoritatively. She laid in his palm a Uttle
icy cold hand and dropped from her horse. He had an Impulse to cling
to the small figure, but he loosened them Immediately, imparting to his
manner as well as the darkness permitted him a kind of casual politeness
as If he were too intent upon the business ln hand. He bunched the
crowd and pushed them Into the wood. Then he and the dragoman took
the horses a hundred yards onward and tethered them. No one would
care if they were stolen; the great point was ta get them where their
noise would have no power of revealing the whole party. There had been
no further firing. *'*;'..
- he had tied the little gray horse to a tree he unroped his lug
gage and carried the most of it back to the point where the others had
left the road. He called out cautiously and received a sibilant answer. He
end the dragoman hunted among the trees until they came to where a
forlorn company was seated awaiting them, lifting their faces like frogs
out of a pond. His first question did not give them any assurance. Ho
said at once. "Are any of you armed?" Unanimously they lowly breathed
"No." He searched them out one by one and finally sank down by the
professor. He kept a sort of hypnotic handcuff upon the dragoman, be
cause he foresaw that this man was really going to be the key to the
best means of escape. To a large neutral party wandering between hostile
lines there was 'technically no danger, but actually there was a great
deal. Both armies had too many irregulars, lawless hillsmen come out
to - fight '. their ' own way, and if they were encountered In the dead of
night on such hazardous ground the Greek hillsmen with their white cross
on a blue field would be precisely as dangerous as the blood-hungry
Albanians. Coleman knew tnat the rational way was to reach the Greek
lines and he had no Intention of reaching the Greek lines without a
tongue, and the only tongue was in the mouth of the dragoman. He was
correct in thinking that the professor's deep knowledge of the ancient
language would give him small clue to the speech of the modern Greek.
As he settled himself by the professor the band of students, eight In
number, pushed their faces close. _^
He did not see any reason for speaking. There were thirty seconds of
deep silence In which he felt that all were bending to hearken to his
words of council. The professor huskily broke the stillness. "Well • • •
What are we to do how*T* m . ,__ ... -*-'■-" -----
Coleman was decisive, Indeed, absolute. "We'll stay here until daylight
unless you care to get shot." _, ■
"All right." answered the professor. He turned and made a useless
remark to his flock, "Stay hera"
Coleman asked civilly: "Have you had anything to eat? Have you got
anything to wrap around you?" __ ■■•.;-.?:
Continued R«t weeje.
2728
jfirst Allan in California to Wear a Drees Suit
A pfaneep who orated a sensation on
the Sheets of sacrannento fn
i- any Days-
WUST forty-nine years ago Sacra-
I — maelstrom of all human
\ emotions as it was, and had been
/•» J ever since Marshall's wonderful
S*^ discovery had acted as a load
stone to bring men of all sorts and con
ditions to this common center — experi
enced a new and surprising sensation.
Nothing tbat bad up to that time
ever occurred ln that then feverishly
busy and prosperous metropolis of Cal
ifornia bad given such a decided shak
ing up to the entire community and
created such unanimous and openly
expressed Interest sa an event which
took place during one sunny afternoon
of a perfect day In June of the year
ISSO.
Robberies, murders and suicides there
had been even then on this side of the
Rockies ghastly tragedies of moral
and physical death such as always fol
low ln the wake of intense mining ex
citement where greed of gain for a
time overshadows all else, save in the
strongest and noblest natures. These
heppenlnga, however, lacked tbe ele
ment of novelty which distinguished
tbe act performed on this special and
long-remembered occasion by a pre
viously retiring and unassuming young
man, who thereby made himself the
center of undivided public attention for
tbe time betas and tbe hero of the
hear.
Tbere fai still more than one hardy
pioneer left bere in California who re
mem hers weH the occurrence, which
erven at tbe time was far more than
a "-lna days' wonder.** The one who
remembers It best of sH. however, ls
naturally be wbo played tbe somewhat
exacting rote of the star in the high
class comedy performance that took
tbe town of Sacramento by storm dur
ing: hia brief engagement and made
most decidedly tbe ""hit of tbe season."
This mail is Aimo-ln B. Paul, for
many years past and now a resident of
San Francisco amd a more than locally
noted mining engineer and authority
oq aQ mining matters.
For a brief thirty minutes or so, Mr.
Paul was the cause of an entire sus
pension of business on the principal
atreets of Sacramento, in those days
wben every moment of a business hour
was a golden one.
And what, pray, was the sot which
be accomplished that had the power to
work snch an upheaval ln the estab
lished customs of the money-making
town? "Wbat doughty deed did he per
form, or what spectacle did he present,
that attracted to himself the unwaver
ing observation of the multitude and
made him the focus of the pubUc gaze?
"Wbat was it which was the occasion of
his springing so suddenly from com
parative obscurity since the town was
generally too busfiy preoccupied to take
much notice of individuals — Into the
fierce light of notoriety? "What was lt
that gained him that day a title which
J4ow Pioneer "Bill" Gardner
defended the flag at Car-
son City in JB6J.
S~y TABBED with bowie - knives,
Voy shot, and clubbed almost to
V J death, all at the same time, and
r**^ yet living to tell the tale! It
seems almost Incredible, and yet
William Gardner of Sacramento bears
on his head and body the indisputable
evidence of his thrilling experience, and
the array -of long-healed wounds is to
him a badge of honor, for he received
them while defending the "Stars and
Stripes."
William St. Clare Gardner came to
California with Commodore Sloat as a
"powder monkey" on the United States
Snip Congress. During the bombard
ment of Vera Cruz he received wounds
for which he was afterward honorably
discharged from the navy.
Like many other pioneers William
Gardner, or "Bill," as he is familiarly
called, has made and lost two or three
fortunes. In the capital city's golden
days he was associated with Frank
Rhoadea In the draying business, and it
was a poor day's work that brought in
only $75.
His Ufe has been full of adventure
and hairbreadth escapes.
W. ST. C GARDNER,
(Photo by I. Boysei). Sacramento.)
has dung to him through all the al
most half-century of years that have
passed since, and is as well known to
his brother pioneers as is the name that
is his own by birthright and baptismal
ceremony?
He simply arrayed himself in such
garments as a man of fashion in those
days would have worn for a promenade
on a Parisian boulevard, or possibly,
on the shady side of "the avenue" in
the American metropolis, and took a
leisurely walk along the principal
streets of his temporary home. The
result was — business and social —
for the entire period of his ramble.
His costume was the epitome of ele
gance from the top of his shining tall
beaver hat to the tips of his patent
leather boots and the ends of his gloved
fingers. He was simply a living expo
nent of correct masculine garments, as
they were depicted in the French fash
ion plates which California, in those
days, never saw; but had he been
dressed in pink tights and the fluffy
skirts of a feminine ballet-dancer he
could not have created a more genuine
sensation.
To make fully understood the effect
which Mr. Paul's raiment produced
upon his townspeople lt may be neces
sary, perhaps, to state that Sacramento
at that time was emphatically a "shirt
and trousers town." In a population
of 15,000 or more there were less than
flfty white women, and the men, feel
ing themselves free from all conven
tional restraints ln the matter of ex
ternal adornment, dressed in the sim
plest and what seemed to them the
most comfortable fashion. Blue or red
flannel or checked gingham or seer
sucker shirts buttoned at the throat or
not aocording to the weather or the
fancy of the owner, and with their
nether extremities tucked into the
waistband either of trousers made of
the roughest and most serviceable
cloth, or of stout and baggy overalls;
a pair of heavy boots with tops reach
ing to the wearer's knees; and almost
any kind of a hat that came handy —
so it had a brim wide enough to pro
tect the eyes from whirling dustclouds
and the glare of the completed a
costume that was perfectly satisfactory
to every white man in California , at
that time.
Not only miners and teamsters and
those engaged in rough work generally
arrayed themselves in this unpreten
tious and inexpensive manner, but even
the merchants and clerks and other
men who depended for their livelihood
more on the exercising of their brains
than their muscles.
So universal was this custom of
rough-garbing that it early became an
unwritten law in all the towns and
mining camps and it was a long time
even after the first gold excitement
quieted down before a "biled shirt" was
looked upon as being anything but a
proof of effeminacy and general fool
ishness on the part of its mistaken
wearer.
Almarin B. Paul was, however, a
The Incident above alluded to .'_ jet
told ln his own words:
"Yes, I've had some pretty close car
but that little scrap In Carson City was
one of those affairs that a man doesn't
care to run up against more'n once ln
his life.
"You see, it was this way. I was run
ning a saloon over in Carson City, Nev.,
in '61. It was a regular red-hot rebel
town, 'cause, you see, about nine
tenths of the inhabitants were South
erners.
"One day, about the Ist of August,
the messenger rode into town, his horse
covered with foam and before he was
fairly on the ground, the news of the
battle of Bull Run had spread through
that camp like a prairie flre.
"Right In the middle of town the boys
had put up a pretty good-sized flag
staff and the next day after the news
came of the battle of Bull Run I heard
that some of the ladles had met and
were making a rebel flag, which was
going to be run up ln place of the
'stars and stripes.'
"I told 'em at the time, says I, if you
try to take down that American flag
you'll have to do it over my dead body.
"I was only one of a handful of Van-
stout-hearted and adventurous young
fellow ln these days, and, besides, be
dearly loved a Joke. He was well
known and well liked ln Sacramento,
as he and his partner, under the firm
name of Paul, White & Co., had dealt
in general merchandise and miners'
hardware since the previous November,
and it struck his youthful fancy that
he would like to do something a little
out of the common.
He had been a prosperous young
business man in St. Louis before com
ing to California, and when he packed
his belongings for his long trip the
whim had seized him to include among
them a full suit of clothes of as ultra
fashionable a cut as a St. Louis tailor
could provide, and with these every
accessory that could possibly be con
sidered necessary to the toilet of a
regular Beau Brummel.
"I didn't expect to wear them much,
of course," he says, lf he can be coaxed
to tell the story himself, smiling at the
recollection of carrying this collection
of masculine finery in his train and
paying extra baggage on lt all the way
from Missouri across the isthmus and
through the Golden Gate and up to
Sacramento. "I just wanted to feel that
I could dress up fine if I wanted to,
but," and he laughs again, "I never
wanted to dress up but Just one time in
the first few years I was in California,
and then I didn't stay dressed up for
more than half an hour."
Elegant as were these garments
which Mr. Paul brought with him from
"the States," fate threw another and
far more gorgeous piece of raiment in
his way before he reached his destina
tion, which • overshadowed all his pre
vious possessions in that special line.
The steamer Oregon, for passage on
which he and his companions held tick
ets, having become temporarily dis
abled by running upon some rocks on
her return trip to Panama, 125 of the
Impatient travelers banded together
and chartered the bark Eugene to make
the trip to San Francisco. Among this
number were several men of pro
nounced sporting proclivities, especially
ln the lino of cards, and the long pas
sage of 104 days, due to many vexatious
calms, gave these adventurers an ex
cellent opportunity to prey upon their
companions.
One young man, a son of an ex
tremely wealthy New Tork family, was
particularly unfortunate in this con
nection and long before the bark
reached its destination was rendered
utterly penniless by the superior skill
of his supposedly friendly antagonists,
who played with him, of course, "Just
to pass away the time."
In his extremity the unsuccessful
young gamester had resort to his
trunk by which to supply him
self with funds sufficient to tide
him over his troubles until such
time as he could, secure a re
mittance from home. He had been trav
eling in Europe when the gold fever
attacked him and among his valuable
proofs of that fact was a coat for which
kees in Carson City, but I made up my
mind I'd prevent that rebel flag from
going up or die a-trying.
"Well, about noon of the sth of Aug
ust, '61— that's when it happened—
of August, '61, word was brought to me
that that white flag with the palmetto
tree embroider* on it was to be un
furled to the breeze that very day.'
"When I heard that I" just locked up
the store and, says I, not if William
St. Clare Gardner lives long enough,
there won't be no rebel flag run up to
day. ix'Xy.. ---r.
"Pretty near as quick as I can tell it
I was at the foot of the flagstaff.
"The crowd was already there ahead
of me, and I had only just time to see
that the red, white and blue was still
floating above our heads, and then I
made a grab for that rebel flag.
"Yes l got it all right, and quick as
a flash I wound it about my hand.
"After that I was kept pretty busy
for a few minutes. I didn't have no gun
nor nothing, but, if I do say It myself,
ln those days there wasn't many men
could stand up before me in a single
hand-to-hand fight.
"The flght was a little uneven that
day, however. Fists don't count for
much against bowie-knives and nistols,
and three of the worst desperadoes in
the country had undertaken to do me
up. -XXXI -■: r * ■
"They slashed and cut at me until the
flag, which was still around my arm
and with which I protected my face to
some extent, was dripping with blood.
The flag was burled afterward.
"Finally one of them drew a pistol,
and placing it right here, over my
heart, fired. I guess providence must
have had his eye on me that day, for
the bullet went to one side.
"Poor John Blackburn - was United
States Marshal :at that time, and he
was the only man in the whole crowd
that stood by me or tried to help me.
His wife, by the' way, was one of the
THE SUNDAY CALL
ladles who made the rebel flag. He was
trying to put an end to the unequal
struggle, when the long keen blade of a
bowie-knife was buried in. his • heart.
Poor fellow! He was a brave man, John
was. ,;
"About the same time that poor John '
fell some one hit me a clip on top of the
head that mashed in my skull and — ',
well, I didn't know anything more until \
I woke up In the hospital. ',
"Nobody expected I'd live. But I told j
'em when they all come stringln' In to |
the hospital to see me, I told 'em I'd be
alive twenty-five years after the ; fel- j
lows that tried to kill me were in their ,
graves. [
"As it turned out, I was right, you '
see. Bill Mayfield was killed, not long \
after, in PlacerviUe. Idaho, by a gam- •
bier, and Cherokee Bob was strung up
for murdering two soldiers.
"Henry Plummer,' the third one, was
afterward Sheriff of. Boise County,
Montana. Road * agents were pretty
thick in that part of the country Just •
about that time and the strangest thing '
about it was that every time a stage *
was held up the robbers made a big I
haul. ; .7 ■■..:-•'-. , ;v . h
"Folks began to get kind of suspi
cious and started a little quiet Investi
gation. They discovered that Sheriff
Plummer was standing in with the
road agents. Yes,. sir, that's a fact. A
few days after _ the truth ' came out
Plummer left for parts unknown — by
the hemp line.
"I was In bed for, two or three months
after that/ fight and -the people in Car- ;
son couldn't do enough for. me. After I
got well, Governor Nye of Nevada gave I
me a commission as second lieutenant j
of Company A, Nevada Volunteers.
"Would I do it again if I had to? !
What, defend the flag, you mean? I'm j
a pretty old man, but while there's a
breath in my body or a bit of strength
in my arms, it belongs to the star and
stripes."
he had paid In Paris Just previous to
leaving that gay city the sum of 400
.rancs. Ascertaining the fact that Mr.
Paul and himself were of precisely the
same size he so importuned him to buy
the garment that the young merchant
against his wiser Judgment and moved
far more by the moneyless predicament
of his fellow voyager than by any real
desire for the coat's possession finally
consented to purchase it, and packed It
away with his other sartorial treasures
where it remained for eight long
months before he ever dreamed of ex
hibiting it in public. The description
of this coat, as given by Mr. Paul, fills
the modern mind with an emotion very
nearly approaching to awe. It was, he
states, of the very finest and best black
French tweed, lined with heavy black
satin, with the collar, lapels and cuffs
hand embroidered — think of that, ye
swagger dressers of to-day in a most
elaborate, exquisitely designed and ar
tistically executed pattern of .leaf, and
"QuicK : as a. Flash I Woui)d tlje Flag About My tiaT)d."
\ '/ r /;%'-^""/^ •;'- - : - >•.'■ - . -.'/ ZV*P>V?r--V /
bud and bloom worked ln lustrous black
silk. . XXX:*.
This was the crowning glory of the
attire in which Mr. Paul took his fa
mous promenade up one side of J street
and down the other on that long-cele
brated summer afternoon. And the
men who possibly and indeed probably
would have jeered at the bashful and
apologetic appearance in their midst of
even one small deviation from the es
tablished order of things in the straight
and narrow way of masculine attire
stood -imply spellbound before the ag
gregation of dazzling splendors of which
young Paul was the motive power.
"I did It just as a piece of fun," he
says, "but I didn't feel a bit funny after
I got the things on and started out.
Some of the other young fellows had
kind of half-way dared me to do it, you
see, and I thought it would be kind of
a joke. It was no joke at all, though, I
found, for a circus wouldn't be more
stared at than .I - was. Luckily , there
were no Httle boys around then or I
should have been the head of a regular
procession.
"As it was I never felt so much alone
in my life as I did walking those few
blocks, but I wouldn't hurry the least
little bit. I walked slowly enough for
everybody to get a good look at me
that wanted, but when I got back into
my store I packed those things all
away again and went back into my
gingham shirt and rough trousers
about as quick as I could conveniently
manage it. I would have given those
dandified clothes of mine away to al
most any one who had asked for them
about that time, and it was many a
long month after that before I ever
wore any of them again."
The fame of that afternoon promen
ade, however, spread widely abroad,
and from then until now Mr. Paul has
been known as the individual who had
the courage to be "the first really well
dressed man in California." ' .Count Jfirokichi Mutsu pisaisses tfe\9 Jreaty ie)ith Japan
T*?e /I\iKado's QOI7S-J I ip
Sap pra9eiseo Sl?ou/s
probable Befits.
' T ia the design of the compact
I which has just become operative
J between Japan and the United
«-*• States to extend to Americans op-
portunities in the island empire for
trade and Industry, to thereby increase
the commerce and Intensify the amity
which now exists between the two na
tions. "
Such was the statement of Count
Hlrokichi Mutsu, Consul of Japan in
San Francisco, when discussing the
changes which must result in Japan,
so far as California is concerned, grow
ing out of the new convention. The
Japanese Consulate is located at 1514
Pine street in a modest-looking build
ing, terraced beyond a grassy plat, and
in the rear of this there ls a structure
devoted to the offlce of his Majesty's
representative.
Count Mutsu is a son of the Japanese
Minister of Foreign Affairs who formu
lated and concluded the new compact
with the United States, and whose
work it essentially was. This gentle
man is now dead, and his son. the
Consul In San Francisco, succeeded to
his title and estates. The young Con
sul is probably not over 35 years old,
Is unmarried and leads one of the most
quiet and methodical of bachelor lives.
"Under this treaty," said the Count,
"which was really made in 1894. but has
Just come into force, entire Japan ls
thrown open to Americans. It may not
generally be appreciated what that
means, but if you had lived in Japan
a few years ago, with any desire to do
business in the country, you would
have felt keenly the inconvenience of
the conditions then prevailing. Jap
anese civilization is not recent. It is
very old; you of the West have taught
us certain ideas, nearly all of them ap
pertaining in some way to the conver
sion to use of material forces. This
knowledge Is highly desirable, but It
does not of itself constitute civiUzation.
Your conditions here have been such
that the human mind has turned to the
evolution of thought in certain chan
nels. 'Necessity,' your proverb says,
TO CAPTURE
MARINE WONDERS
£*"l*YH_- exploration of a marine wonder-
land almost unknown to science will
engage this summer the attention of
the United States Fish Commission.
Jl It Is a region full of strange fishes
and other forms of life quite unfa
miliar, of which only a few stray speci
mens have as yet been captured, exam
ined and classified. Much new informa
tion of the utmost value ls likely to be ob
tained by the contemplated expedition,
which will be led by Dr. Bumpus, director
of the biological station at Woods Holl,
Mass. -:.-:- ;.*■.•■:-;- .-
It is the business of the Fish Commis
sion staff at the biological station to study
the habits and life history of sea animals,
and every summer from thirty to fifty sci
entists from institutions of learning all
over the country assemble there to engage
ln various investigations. Of these quite
a number will accompany the expedition,
which will be carried by the steamer
Fish Hawk— a vessel specially fitted for
the sort of work contemplated, and pro
vided with elaborate apparatus for the
capture of marine creatures of all sorts
The purpose in view will be to study the
little-known fauna along the edge of the
continental shelf.
To make this clear it should be ex
plained that the eastern edge of our con
tinent ip not marked by the surf line of
the ocean. If all the water of the sea
were dried up you could walk sixty miles
eastward from Atlantic City N. J., with
out descending more than 600 feet; but at
that distance out you would come to the
true edge of the great land mass called
North America. Then you would find be
fore you a fairly steep hill, sloping rap
idly like the side of a mountain range to
the floor of the ocean, two and a half
miles below.
Along the upper part of this "conti
nental declivity," as it is termed, runs
'is th*- mother of invention.' You have
experienced necessity nd you have in-
vented; we have never known such ne
cessity and our minds have not. there-
fore, been turned Into those particular
lines of thought; had such been the
case Japan undoubtedly would have
been i great Inventive nation, just as is
the United States, England or France.
"But while Japan has never beep
great In inventions, her standards dx
morals, thoughts ar.d manners had
other planes upon which to base a
strong and high-caste civilization. The
great man is he who can think great
thoughts, and thought, not clothes,
dinners, fine houses, or even books or
churches, makes civilization. Japan has
had and has i - lay great thinkers.
philosophers, governors; men who
could at any time and can now cope
with western thought in argument
upon th ethical and philosophical
phases of life, and yet when your
treaties in times past were made
with us, the capacity and equity
of our people and our government
were mistrusted when it came to
their dealing with the rights and
Interest of your people resident.
upon our soil. We were competent and
have at all times been competent to de
termine these things, but this capacity
was denied, with the result that the
Westerner had his own courts in our
country to which were referred all mat
ters of dispute which any of our people
might bring against him.
"It might well be realized that among
a people as sensitive as are the Japan
ese such a standing impeachment of
the ability and justness of our Gov
ernment presented by the existence of
sixteen or seventeen foreign Consular
courts, operating under divers systems
of laws to which the Japanese must
have recourse ln their dealings with
foreigners, must have been constant
ly a source of irritation to us. It op
erated unpleasantly in many ways; it
tended to keep two peoples apart, for
you must understand that the Japanese
had no higher regard for the Consular
courts than the "Westerner had for the
Japanese courts. Accordingly, there
was less disposition to Join with the
Westerners upon those planes from
which appeals to courts might have to
be made. This impaired friendly in-
northward a stream of warm water, on
the shoreward side of the Gulf Stream,
bathing with Its tempered current a nar-
row belt of the slope. It comes directly
from the Gulf of Mexico, ami brings with
lt immense numbers of tropical and semi-
tropical animals of all sorts, which never
go out of the .warm stream; indeed, they
cannot do so without being frozen to
death by the colder water lying on either
hide. The "river" they Inhabit is sand-
wiched ln between a chilly current from
Labrador on the west and the frigid
depths beneath the Gulf Stream on the
east.
The belt of the slope thus described Is
the "wonderland" referred to. The waters
that warm it are the home of myriads of
brilliant-hued fishes such as inhabit the
southern seas, while the bottom swarms
with gaudy crabs, some of them of
gigantic size, queer species of the hea
urchin family, formidable-looking sea-
spiders, with Immensely long legs, and
marine worms that equal In gorgeousness
the most brightly tinted flowers. All
along the Atlantio coast of North
America runs this ribbon-like extension
of the tropics, narrowing gradually until,
as ls believed, it disappears entirely some
distance *.outh of Nova Scotia.
Trawls— l. c., set-lines a mile or more
In length, buoyed ar.d provided with
halted hooks at intervals, will be used to
catch the fishes, And dredge.*, will be cm-
ployed to capture the . -star fishes and
other bottom animals. The fishes are all
fiercely carnivorous, and many resemble
eels in shape, while some of the crabs are
big and strong enough to crush and
break open -the shells of large bivalve
mollusks, on which. they feed, with the
grip of a claw. ■
When the water Is calm enough gause
nets will be towed to gather In the
smaller creatures that live at the sur-
face of the warm belt of water, which aro
as peculiar in their way an those that
dwell on the bottom. A auart measure
of "tow-stuff" thus collected will contain
-ercourse and prevented trade.
"The fact that a Westerner had to be
tried in the court of his Consul, where
the ignorant would naturally charge
favoritism, forced the Japanese author
ities to be exceedingly careful in ac
quiring ample evidence against any
foreigner who should commit a crime.
Accordingly, the Westerners were lim
ited in their choice of residence to the
treaty ports, and to particular quar
ters of these so-called concessions. If
they moved elsewhere they were oblig
ed to proceed under an elaborate sys
tem of passports and be under constant
police espionage. There was a lime,
too, when they could not go into the In
terior at all; when their operations were
confined solely to the treaty ports;
but now all this Is changed. Under the
THE SUNDAY, CALL.
provisions of tho new treaty the Con
sular courts are all abolished, and re
course must be had in the settlement
of all disputes to the regular Japanese
tribunals.
"This last feature is most Important
for San Franciscans. Japan's trade is
unexplolted by the United States.
There are only 1140 Americans in Ja
pan among the entire 40,000,000 of the
Japanese. Of these about 600 are
women — members of- the families of
the male residents. Now subtract from
these the American Consuls and their
staffs, together with the other Ameri
cans who reside in the country as of
ficers or missionaries, and you have
the merchant element numbering only
a few hundred. These, of course, have
been confined to the five treaty ports.
Xow that all parts of the empire are
open to them, they may find abodes in
the great cities of the interior, such as
Osaka and the rest. jgß
; "Those few Americans, however, who
have taken up their residence in Japan,
have accomplished marvels for the
commerce of their country with us.
It cannot be said that all the bulk of
goods- moving from the United States
to Japan were set in motion th*- ugh
their influence, but they have und-- '*-t
edly placed the greater part. The ag
gregate of these imports into Japan
from the United States during 1898 was
about 40,000,000 yen; in 1892, just four
years prior, it was less than 6,000,000
yen— a yen being about 50 cents in
your coinage. Yor can see, therefore,
that we buy from you now nearly sev
Qopsiders Deu^lop/r|epts of
(Jr^at I/T)portap(;e to
tb? State.
;■"'■'/->_✓
en times as much as we did only four
years ago.
"The imports into the United States
from Japan, while greater in value
than your exports to us, do not show
the same relative increase. In 1892
these were about 38,500,000 yen; in 1898
they were about 47,250,000 yen, showing
an increase in purchases from us for
the four years of about 10,000,000 yen,
while the increase in purchases from
you had been about 34,000,000 yen.
"In this bulk of business the part
which San Francisco has played Is
conspicuous. In 1894 San Francisco
6ent to all countries values to the
amount of $22,643,127; of this $1,278,780
went to Japan. For the same year the
imports into San Francisco from all
countries were $38,515,686, while from
Japan they were $13,400,518. In 1898 the
San Francisco exports were $32,679,218,
of which $4,516,245 went to Japan,
showing an increase ln the four years
of about $2,250,000. The imports from
Japan, on the other hand, had fallen
Oft nearly $5,000,000, for out of the total
imports through the Golden Gate of
$36,063,124. but |8,185,072 came from
Japan. It should be said, however,
that owing to the drought the Japan
ese trade of last year with this port
was $4,500,000 less than the year be
fore.
"You can see from this, therefore,
that notwithstanding you are taking
less from us, we are buying more from
you than heretofore. And yet there are
some of your people who cry out in
alarm at this newly developed capac
ity of Japan to buy from you; they de
mand higher tariffs against our goods,
and declare that American goods are
in danger of being undersold in their
own markets by products of Japanese
manufacture. Such people would. It
seems, prefer to have old Japan than
new Japan as their neighbor; they
would prefer the conditions when we
sold you practically nothing and
bought practically nothing than things
as they now are and are growing to be.
If this reasoning were correct, if you
have most to fear from the countries
of the greatest productive capacity,
one would naturally expect that that
part of your continent which lies near
est to the countries of the greatest pro
ductive powers would be shriveled up
under the fierce glare of their light.
But this Is not the case. The richest
and most industrial part of the United
States lies closest to the great indus
trial centers of Europe; and it is ob
served that as the countries of Europe
with whom you trade increase in pro
ductive and consumptive power, that
part of your country fronting them In
creases in the same ratio. In 18S9 you
exported to England $32,000,000 worth
of manufactured goods; in 1898 you
AND RESTORE
THE TILE FISH
hundreds of thousands of minute crus
taceans, myriads of tiny mollusks called
'■pteropods, ' and Immense numbers of
"roraminifera," or window-bearers these
last mere bits of Jelly inclosed In limy
shells of elaborate and Infinitely varied
design, through openings in which they
project long arms in search of food. But
perhaps the most Interesting of all the
pelagic, or surface, animals of the strip.
are those which drift northward with the
gulf weed from the tropics— transparent
shrimps, transparent .worms and trans
parent cuttlefishes that make their homes
In the weed, which is upheld by bulbs
filled with air.
The Fish Commission steamer Fish
Hawk will first have to find the tropical
belt, which is no easy matter owing to
its narrowness, and then to follow it
along. This will be accomplished with
the help of a special apparatus consist
ing of a sounding line of wire with a
heavy sinker on the end. to which is at
tached a thermometer. Tne sounding line
is run off a huge reel, and the thermome
ter is fixed in such a way as to turn
upside down and stop registering the in
stant that the sinker touches .the bot
tom. In this way the temperature of the
water at the bottom is ascertained, and
when it touches about 52 degrees Fa
renheit, with a depth of 500 to 700 feet
recorded by an Indicator on the reel, lt
may be taken for granted that the strip
has been struck.
An important part of the expedition's
work will be to map out the limits of
the present range bf the tile fish— the
dweller of the strip that caused such a
sensation a few years ago. It was in 1878
that the fishing schooner Hutchings, try
ing with trawls for hake in new waters,
100 miles south of Nantucket, took thou
sands of pounds of a flsh up to that time
unknown. The fish was very handsome.
with gleaming metallic scales, yellow
speckles and an odd looking fleshy fin
that stood up on the top of its dolphin
like head. The specimens taken weighed
from five to flfty pounds, and a trial of
sent to the same country $74,000,000 of
such goods, notwithstanding England
had been increasing enormously dur-
ing the decade as a manufacturer. Few
countries have increased in manufac-
turing power so rapidly of late as has
Germany. In IS7B you sent her $16,500,
- worth of goods, and notwithstand-
ing her enormous growth In ability to
manufacture and ship abroad, in 1808
your exports to her were $32,700,000.
The same story could be told of France
and of Belgium. In fact all that a na
tion has to buy with is its goods, and
the more of these it can produce the
greater is its buying capacity.
"Another feature of the new treaty,"
continued the Count, "is that trade-
marks, designs and patents are pro-
tected in Japan. Heretofore any Jap-
anese could imitate any of your trade-
marks; they cannot do so now. This
will clean out a considerable business
that has been thriving at the expense
of standard names, but it will be a "-ood
thing for legitimate ventures.
"Japan's trade with the Philippines
is not now an uninteresting thing to
you in California. This, too, has quad-
rupled itself since 1892. In that year
the imports from the Philippines were
475,122 yen and in IS9S they were 3.294,
- yen; the exports to the Philippines
were in 1892 95,193 yen, while in 1898
they had increased to 107,871 yen, so
you can see that even from that part of
your dominions Japan buys many times
more of value than she sells. I have
not a doubt that under the Increased
activity in trade which must come of
the extended opportunities made possi
ble by the new treaty, that we shall
take vastly more from the Philippines
than heretofore, and our imports from
San Francisco will increase even at a
more rapid ratio than ln the past."
Remarking upon the Japanese In
California, Count Mutsu stated that
there are about 5000 of them, chiefly
young men who have come to this State
to get an education, working out their
board in families while they are so do-
ing. The laborers are energetic and in-
dustrious, but they do not save their
money as do the Chinese. They spend
it as fast as they get it, buying knick-
knacks, trinkets, books and such.
They have aided the development of
California Industries to a great extent,
but they have not appeared at any
time as a menace to the labor condi
tions of the State, nor are they likely
to do so. The development of the in-
dustries of Japan, which are now going
on at such a rapid rate, will soon make
a demand for labor in that country ac-
companied by a scale of remuneration
so high that any wages which can be
offered them in the United States will
hardly induce them to emigrate to this
country. JOHN E. BENNETT.
them proved that tbey were extremely
good to eat. . ':.M.
The Fish Commission experts declared
the flsh a new species and an investigation
was proposed; but before it could be car
ried out a dreadful catastrophe occurred.
In March and April, ".882, vessels arriving
at Boston, New York and Philadelphia
reported that they had passed through
hundreds of miles of dead and dying fishes
of an unfamiliar kind floating on the sur
face of the sea. These, as it proved, were
tile fish, and the evidence gathered on
the subject showed that at least 7500
square miles of ocean were strewn thickly
with scaly victims numbering at least one
thousand millions enough to feed the en
tire population of the United States for
two months.
Thus passed the tile fish, tho whole
species being apparently wiped out by a
mysterious and wholesale calamity. But
subsequent . investigation has made lt
pretty clear that the catastrophe was
caused by an intrusion of frigid water
upon the tropical strip. Running south
ward on the shoreward side of It, as al
ready explained. Is an Arctic current from
Labrador, which during this fateful sea
son carried much more cold water than
ordinarily, possibly because of the pres
ence of unusual quantities of floating ice
in the North Atlantic. The cold stream
pushed away the warm stream from the
continental slope and froze the tile fishes
to death.
It was feared that the tile fish had been
rendered extinct, but ten years later, in
1592, the Fish Commission- steamer Gram
pus caught eight specimens in the belt,
and there was great rejoicing. Since then
the species has multiplied fast along the
strip, and Dr. Bumpus is confldent that
large numbers will be taken by his expe
dition. The tile Is a rapid breeder and
has few enemies to fear, being large and
fierce. It bites greedily at any kind of
bait, and there ls every prospect that be
fore long lt will become a valuable com
mercial food fish.
29THE OLDEST SISTERS IN THE WORLD.
SE-MUL-LAH, NINQ-LIO AND TEMESCAL, THE CENTENARIAN INDIAN WOMEN OF SAN DIEQO COUNTY.
THERE can be no doubt that th.
three oldest sisters in the United
States— possibly in the whole world
are some Indian women in San Diego
County, in Southern California
Many a circus and dime museum
man has been after them in the past few
years and has offered large sums for the
old women to leave their families and as
sociates and go out for exhibition pur
poses. But one might as well try to coax
a bear with diamonds and champagne as
to try to Induce these aged Indians with
offers of gold and a living in the best
hotels. Those out here, who know the
Indians' ways, always smile when an
agent for a circus or a dime museum
comes to make offers to these three old
savages.
The women are Se-mul-lah (meaning
peaceful^. Ning-lio (meaning black-eyed)
and Temescal (meaning sharp at a bar
gain). Their combined ages are 296 years.
Se-mul-lah Is the eldest; she was 103 years
old last June. Ning-lio is l"" and Temes
cal is the juvenile of the trio. She was
95 some time last summer. They are rem
nants of the 1... 1 i:. tribe, who were a
part of the thousands of friendly savages
known in California as the Mission In
dians, from the fact that they voluntarily
went under the fostering care of the
Franciscan missionaries in the latter part
of the eighteenth century and gave their
children to the missionaries for Instruc
tion. These old women are able to speak
a few words in English, but their talk is
a Jargon of Spanish and Indian. Each of
them has several score of descendants. A
few years ago a friendly priest in San
Diego took the trouble to hunt up among
the half-breed Indians as many descend
ants as possible of Madame Ning-Uo. He
found that they were scattered among
the reservations in Sonora, Mex., in Low
er California and in four counties in
Southern California, and that they num
bered over seventy. There were about
forty great-grandchildren alone, and some
of them were big boys and girls, and never
knew that Ning-Uo was any relative of
theirs.
There ls not the least doubt among the
people ln Southern California who have
given any attention to these uncommonly
old sisters as to their ages. That ls a
matter of record in the musty old regis
ters ln the archives of the mission at San
Gabriel, in Los Angeles County; also in
a church census taken ln 1810 and now In
the mission of Guadalupe, at the City of
Mexico, where nearly all the records of the
California missions were taken upon a
disestablishment of the Roman Catholic
missions in 1532. There is a record of the
baptism of Ramon Aguilan, a Saboba In
dian, under the charge of the mission at
Ran Diego. The record shows that Ramon
was the father of fourteen children. The
first was born In May, 1759. Se-mul-lah
was born in 1794, and Ning-lio was the
seventh child, and born in 1799, while little
Temescal came in 1801. There Is no record
of deaths in the Indian family, but the
daughters used to say, and it is a mat
ter of tradition among the Indians in San
Diego County, that Ramon died when he
was over a century old. One of his sons
died ln 1887 at the age of 92 years, as the
result of a fall from a cliff. The three sis
ters have never been forty miles away
from home, and have never been out of
what ls now San Diego County, and until
APPLAUSE RUN BY
MACHINERY.
A "Vienna Journal describes a curious
contrivance which will render the claque
ln theaters superfluous, and substitute for
It a machine performing the same duties.
The inventor, Herr Zimmermann, has as
certained that two leather sacks filled
with air, when brought violently together,
make a noise precisely like that produced
by the clapping of hands. He placed pairs
of leather sacks in hidden places through
out a theater and then connected them
by wires, so that they could be 6et ln
motion by electricity on a button being
pressed. The reglsseur in the wings con
trols the apparatus in all parts of the
gallery, the pit or the stalls at-will. Herr
Zimmermann claims that this invention Is
now in use In several theaters ln Paris
and Berlin, but for obvious reasons de
clines to say in which house It has been
found most popular.
a few years ago, when they were persuad
ed to go and ride in the procession in San
Diego in commemoration of the two hun
dred and fiftieth anniversary of the dis
ANOTHER SAN FRANCISCO GIRL A GREAT EUROPEAN SUCCESS.
tfrff NOTHER San Francisco gin has
II \\ been recognized in Europe. Fan
/r=—\ "ie Francisco, or Fannie Mlchel
li V> son. as her old friends best re-
member her, has received and ac
cepted an Invitation to sing at the Royal
Theater. Dresden. This ls an honor
eagerly Bought for by prima donnas of
all countries. From time to time rumors
have reached San Francisco telling of the
triumphs achieved by Miss Francisco,
now in Paris, now at Monte Carlo and
last, but not least, comes this engage
ment at Dresden.
Just seven years ago Miss Francisco
was a school girl with a very pretty
voice. She studied at the Fabbri-Muller
Conservatory, and both Madame and
Monsieur Muller were very enthusiastic
about the treasure they were sure they
had discovered. "She combines," said
Monsieur Muller, "warmth and execu
tion, a rarity, believe me. It seldom is
that an artist sings with expression and
that quality of voice direct from the
heart so necessary to the complete con
ception of a role. If Miss Francisco has
developed as she promised to do, and as,
according to the great European critics,
she has done, San Francisco will one day
bo proud of her as one of the greatest
prima donnas in the world."
After leaving San Francisco Miss Ml
chelson adopted the name of her native
city and became professionally known as
Fannie Francisco. From here she went
to Paris and studied four years under
Mme. Marchese. The great teacher was
enthusiastic about her American pupil,
and secured for her an engagement at the
Grand Opera House in Paris. She made
her debut in Hamlet and was an In
stantaneous success. After that she went
to Monte Carlo, where she became a pop
THE ORIGIN OF
LAUGHTER.
Why we laugh Is a question that has al
ways puzzled those who are accustomed
to think -deeply. The laugh, which is now
so closely associated with good humor and
kindly feeling, originally expressed the
exact reverse. It was the crow of tri
umph over a fallen foe. Such ls Its na
ture still among savages, and Its unex
pected manifestations are occasionally
very startling. Dancing on the body of a
prostrate enemy is, In fact, to them hilar
ious fun.
Any new device for torment is a clever
jest. The inflicting of a ghastly wound as
some poor wretch runs the gauntlet makes
them yell with glee. The things that
shock or horrify or disgust the civilized
man are about the only things worth
laughing at from a savage's point of
view. With the exception, therefore, of
rough practical Jokes, which may possibly
wrinkle his stolid features with a mo
mentary grin, the barbarian has no appre
ciation of civilized humor. Even the
knowledge that he himself is to be the
next victim does not spoil the fun of a
cruel spectacle for a barbarian thorough
bred.
Some Siamese who had been engaged in
a revolt were captured redhanded and
sentenced to military execution. A com
pany of soldiers had been drawn up with
loaded muskets, before whom the doomed
men were led out in squads ot five or six
to be shot, while those who were waiting
their turn stood by, under guard, looking
on. When the first volley was fired the
victims, torn by the storm of bullets,
leaped into the air with violent contor
tions and fell dead. And this to the poor
wretches whose turn lt was next to go
through the same experience seemed so
fine a show and so excruciatingly funny
that they were fairly convulsed with
laughter.
Such is the humor of the uncivilized, and
such doubtless were the beginnings of
mirth the world over. Strange as It may
seem, there are many hints of this bar
barous origin in the fun of the most
highly civilized.
covery of San Diego by Cabrlllo, they had
never seen a railroad or a two-story build
ing. The secret of their longevity is that
they have never had any of the worries
THE SUNDAY CALL.
that drive away sleep from their white
brothers and sisters; they have never
known an hour's dissipation in all their
many years. They have lived out-of-door
lives in a mild, equable climate. Their
sole, diet has been coarse, plain food. A
thousand and one different dishes that a
white family in comfortable circumstances
consumes at Its meals in the course of a
few years these old women have never
tasted. Tobacco and a decoction of water
and mescal are their only luxuries. They
ular Idol, and for a long time managers
were unable to get her to appear at any
other place.
When Queen Wilhelmina was crowned
at Amsterdam Miss Franei: .0 was select
ed to sing at the coronation ceremony.
She did so, and made such an impression
on the young Queen that she invited her
to visit her at The Hague.
She then accepted an engagement, now
Just concluded, of nine months at Am
sterdam. When her opening opera was be
ing selected Miss Francisco pleaded to be
allowed to appear in "Hamlet," her favor
ite opera. As "Hamlet" had always been
a failure In that city it required a great
deal of arguing before she received the
permission. With what success the opera
was given we will allow John Brugman,
the famous critic of the Amsterdam Tele
graph, to tell. • *.X.*l'...
"A great success was the debut of Miss
Fannie Francisco as Ophelia in 'Hamlet.'
We can only congratulate the manage
ment in the happy choice it made in en
gaging this singer. Besides a beautiful
voice, this lady possesses technique that
renders every tune at Its best. The in
tonation is exceedingly good and her tem
perament makes her play very attractive.
As a curiosity,, we state that although
Miss Francisco is a born American, and
not of Dutch nationality, her pronuncia
tion of our language was faultless. The
volume of her voice is indeed extraordin
ary for a colorateur singer. After the
mad scene the' audience grew so excited
with enthusiasm that they could not wait
with their . applause until the music had
ceased. After the fourth act Miss Fran
cisco was showered with floral offerings,
accompanied with endless thundering ap
plause."
A CURIOUS SEA
SERPENT.
Many persons have professed to have
seen sea serpents, and while the general
belief Ib that there are no such creatures
it ls quite likely that those who claim to
have Been them did see things which they
honestly and very naturally believed to be
sea serpents. A striking example of the
manner ln which persons may be de
ceived in this matter has just been given
by Dr. R. Dv Bois-Raymond in a paper,
in which he describes his experiences on
board of the Serapis in October, 1890.
It was rather a foggy morning, and the
water was as smooth as glass. The vessel
was going through the Magellan Straits,
and the hours passed monotonously until
suddenly the passengers noticed an ex
traordinary object in the water some dis
tance away.
At once the cry arose that It could be
nothing but a sea serpent, and, indeed,
there seemed to be excellent grounds for
this statement, since the object was cer
tainly alive, and as it moved through the
water presented all the appearance of an
immense snake. That it had a huge head
was clear to every one, and that it was
possessed of an enormous body was mani
fest from the manner in which it splashed
the water on all sides.
A powerful telescope was procured and
the uncanny object was studied through
it. Then its true character was at once
revealed. Instead of being a sea serpent
it was simply a herd of sea lions. The
animals were clustered close together,
and as they gamboled and moved through
the water they certainly presented the
appearance of a long and bulky snake. If
they had been at a greater distance it
would have been difficult to discover what
they really were, and It Is not impossible
that the passengers would forever after
have remained convinced that they had
actually seen the wonderful sea serpent.
It may never be too late to mend, but
a wise mother begins early on her small
boy's trousers.
have never bothered their heads an hour
over what they should wear and how to
provide for It. They have lived always in
wickiups made of straw and brush, and
■when one wickiup was old and weather
beaten the whole Indian family would go
to work and make a new one in a day.
These oid women ran more than half nude
for over half a century, and never put on
the clothes of civilization until the immi
gration of palefaces into Southern Califor
nia demanded jr.
Temescal has been married three times
and has had. first and last, more than a
dozen children. Her last husband died
a year ago at the age of about 80. She
has several children who are between the
ages of 70 and SO years. She has a great
great-granddaughter over 25 years old,
and has several great-great-great-grand
children, but the relationship is so remote
when it gets to that stage that the pro
genitors of a race among Indians lose
all interest in their increasing progeny.
One of the old lady's great-great-grand
sons is a bright, active man in the sponge
and oyster business In Guaymas, Mexico.
His mother and his grandfather were
full-blooded Mexicans, and he has very
little of the Indian character in him.
Se-mul-lah, the eldest of the aged trio
of sisters, is said by the white ranchers
who live near the Saboba reservation to
have been the smartest of the trio until
about seven years ago, when she had an
attack of the grip that nearly ended her
days and dulled her mind. She used to
have a fairly good memory of events, but
no idea, as few Indians do. of ages and
the lapse of time. She remembered the
building of the second San Diego mission
by the priests and the Indians. That was
in 1806. She had a vivid recollection of
an earthquake in 1807 that ruined several
of the Franciscan missions in California.
She has never forgotten the name of her
husband, and all the names of her many
children but two or three of her eldest
sons. She is a proud old dame, and to
this day she knows what are the gaudiest
garments, and she vigorously insists on.
filling her own pipe and feeding herself.
She seldom speaks and then only in a few
words of Spanish. She used to be proud
of her extreme age. but now pays no at
tention to the passing years that mane
her span of life the more unusual. She
walks sometimes a half mile or so about
the Indian village, and will pose at any
time so that a kodak fiend may get her
picture.
Nlng-lio is the jolliest of the three sis
ters. She has been the mother of fifteen
or sixteen children, she does not know
exactly herself. "Heap long time, she
answers with vexation when questions In
volving dates or numbers are asked. She
is a good worker even in her ninety-ninth
year. She gets in her annual crop of
mesquite beans and hunts up brush for
kindling a fire to cook with outside of her
habitation of cornstalks and brush. She is
the historian of the family, and some in
teresting bits of information about the
days of the Franciscan missions in South
ern California have been had from her.
The late Helen Hunt Jackson, when writ
ing "Ramona," had chats with old Nlng
lto, who was about 87 years old at the
time; but an Indian Interpreter had to be
used Nlng-lio is as active as a woman 6f
75 She will walk a mile or two and beg
"backv" for smoking in her pipe from a
friendly ranchman, and she can scold a
person soundly who abuses the mangy
dog that always accompanies her.
The local physicians at San Diego say
they see no reason why these old sisters
may not live years longer. They are all
in good health and there is nothing that
comes into their lives to shorten their
long career on this earth. They are
deeply wrinkled and their flesh is hard
and tough. They sleep half the time and
their digestion seems perfect.
HOW TO SAY GOOD
MORNING.
"How can you?" That's Swedish.
"How do you are?" That's Dutch.
"How do you stand?" That's Italian.
"Go with God, senor." That's Spanish.
"How do you live on?" That's Rus
sian. v ;
"How do you perspire?" That's Egyp
tian. .'-■- ■■*-. '.*■',
"How do you have yourself?" That's
Polish.
"Thank God, how are you?" • That's
Arabian.
"May thy shadow never grow less "
That's Persian. ,:XX
"How do you carry yourself?" That's
French. °
"How do you do?" That's English and
American. "v
"Be under the guard of God." That*.
Ottoman. -mat 3
"How is your stomach? Have you
eaten your rice?" That's ChineseMODJESKA AND HER NEW COMPANY.
TsT^s cF pTaUS sf^
s£rtaH-h^P^H~
s^tandh^r-pr*Tr|--
CTpaT *c!s oF yHa-
i
*""T Tv ADAME HELEN M '] JESKA,
II A V l-*fiJSP*te advancing years, still
li .£-_. i> retains the wonderful dramatic
power ard the indescribable
charm of manner that have for nearly
a generation made her famous amon?
the great actresses of the world. In
fact, Mme. Modjeska is in better physi
cal condition and her Intellect is even
keener. if that were possible, than
when she began her last season's tour
under the management of John C.
Fisher.
Mme. Modjeska met every engage
ment on that long tour, which began
at San Diego ci iy in September and
ended in Denver on April 29, after ex-
tending throughout New England and
the Middle States. Business was good
everywhere, an.' not only Modjeska;
but Msnas-er Fisher, made consider.- ble
money. The co ... scson besrins at
Fan Dirgo, as beforo, where rehearsals
by the company ' -ye been in progress
since August 7 in Mr. Fisher's opera
house.
Thomas G. Moses of New Tork and
Thomas O. Moses of New Tork and
a staff of well-known artists have been
- at work for weeks past painting new
" ncenery for the tour. This includes
«- borate productions for the play of
"Marie Antoinette," which is to he the
moot pretentious in Modjeska's reper
toire. Other strong plays* are "Mac-
beth,'' "Marie Stunrt," "Much Ado
About Nothing." "Gringoire" and the
"Ladles' Battß." the last two being a
Joint production.
John E. Kellerd. a celebrated actor,
new- to the Pacific Coast, but whose
fame is great in New York and Lon-
don, wil! be Modjeska's leading man.
I.<_ is said to be the best Macbeth In
this country. Miss Kate Dalglish, a
beautiful young lady and a finished
actress, is perhaps most prominent
among the ladles supporting Modjeska.
Miss Mary Hall of Kansas City, one of
the most beautiful young ladles on the
Btage, and Miss Mary Gardiner of Bos-
ton are also with Modjeska. The en-
tire company numbers twenty-six per-
sons.
Little Bessie Bhskirk of Los Angeles
plays the Dauphin In "Marie An-
toinette." Miss Guelma Baker of San
Diego, who has developed considerable
a ability as a singer and actress, will
* take the part of the Princess Royal,
daughter of Marie Antoinette, In the
play of tha_t name. ModJeßka, of
course, plays Antoinette. As before
THE SUNDAT CALL.
WilL XOOnV^
Item
inn nn in rt MI if
The S^eat ac*^ss
tri the faest oF
health arjd hard
at V/ort> For the
CorpfnS season*.
she will also appear as Mary Stuart, a
part well suited to her temperament
and In which she is decidedly popular.
Commenting the other day upon her
plays, Modjeska remarked that they
were all grand, and that she had no
favorite among them. "I never had a
favorite part in all my experience on
the stage," said the famous actress in
her quaint and beautiful accent. "If
I felt that I was successful in any
character that was enough, and I
would as readily take up another part
as to continue in the old one. Every
character I have assumed has been of
Intense interest to me, and I look
ahead to playing the part of Marie
Antoinette with as much interest as I
ever felt over any character.
"Marie Antoinette will be my prin
cipal role the coming season, ln some
respects, at least," continued Mme.
Mrrdjeska. "The play is all based upon
historical facts— all the names are his
torical, and lt ls a true story, therefore
strong. There is nothing so fine as
that which is from NatHre. The lan
guage, too, is all beautiful. The 'Marie
Antoinette' we will play has nothing to
do with the old version of Glaconettl,
but is quite different. Our version,
written by Clinton Stuart, will be given
for the first time this season, and will
be gorgeous.
"I have long wanted to take the part
of Marie Antoinette, but never liked the
old version, in which the language is
far from attractive. I have wondered
how I could make so much out of it. It
is more of a melodrama than the new
style. Mr. Kellerd will take the part of
King Louis XVI. The 'Ladies' Battle,'
in which Mr. Kellerd is prominent, but
in which I do not appear, is a costume
play, translated by Clinton Stuart.
"Shakespeare?" repeated Modjeska.
In answer to a question as to her opin
ion of the Bard of Stratford-on-Avon.
"Shakespeare is immortal, and there
fore will never grow old. I am devoted
to Shakespeare, but he has so few char
acters of importance for women. There
!s Katherine, in 'Henry VIII,' and
Lady Macbeth, and Beatrice in 'Much
Ado About Nothing,' and then there is
but one left— Queen Constance in 'King
John,' but the play is so somber that
no manager dares produce it. I asked
Edwin Booth, when I was with him,
why he never played 'King John," and
he said it was too gloomy, as well as
too expensive,"-
8182
$928) WtEBBUfBt CSfIBBBI