VOLUME LX£xVl-NO 98.
SHOOTS HIS FOE
FROM AN AMBUSH
John Pendleton Murders Jacob Randall
as the Result of a Claim-Jumping
Dispute at Redding.
KESWICK, Sept. s.— Mine jump
ing, of which there has been a
. deal in Keswick of late,
has result* d in a death. At 7
o'clock this morning Jacob
Randall was shot and killed by John
Hi ton, who fired from ambush and
t< ok Randal unawares. The crime was
committed on the mining claim in dis
pute, and which is not worth ?1 as a
but has prospective value as a
town lot proposition.
Ob Randall was the mail carrier
from the depot to the town. This
morning hi was making the usual trip
afoot i" the d< pot. The trail led <>vr
the mining claim and past a cabin
situated thereon. Th" claim is at the
south end of the Southern Pacific
bridge at ross Spring Creek, three quar
ters of a mile from town. Pendleton,
to all appearances, had been lying in
wait for his victim. From within the
cabin be took steady aim at Randall
ss the latter came down the hill. The
shot was fired at a distance of ten
The assassin's aim was true.
Randall staggered ten feet further and
..■ad.
Pendleton coolly changed his cloth
ing-, dressing In his best. He locked the
cabin and started afoot for Redding.
Men at the bottling works a hundred
yards from the scene of the crime
asked him as he passed at what he had
ting.
"I've shut Jake Randall," he an-
SUFFERINGS OF
ALASKA MINERS
D. F. Dunham of This
City is Drowned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WNSEND, Wash.. Sept. .*.
- on the steamer
■ ka . which arrived I
From Alaska, were a number of miners
r River.
W. E. Hendricka of Hanfurd, Cal., after
ighteen months" prospecting, returns
with nothing but th> clothes on his back,
having lost everything in trying to cross
glacier. He reports the. death of
D. F. Dunham of San Francisco by
i whilt attempting to ci
■ it: August.
iuinham was a director of the
fining and Dredging (Company of
• a man nnmed Smith, a jew
. who was frozen on the
tnber, was found im
just before the party
out. The remains were buried by
T. C. B. Nadeau of Psyche, Wash., is
the only one of a party of three who re
. the tale of misfortune and
l^nin. Nadeau spent Ji^o in his search
1 and returns a physical wreck.
His partners were Edward Dreyfus of
who last November buc
umbed to scurvy, and John Starr of
Paterson, N. .1.. who was drowned while
r -"ins a stream in an effort t" reach
lv narrowly escaped the
heir supplies were all lost
r.-.im and Nadeau made a jour
nearly 200 miles alone and with
mt fi
Two men, P. Barley and F. Cole of Min
lesota, were down with scurvy on Tasina
River. Miners contributed enough of
heir scanty means and senl Dr. Pierson
Pierson had not returned
when to-day's arrivals left Valdes.
The United States revenue cutter Perry
V r aldes when the party left. The
• her visit was to bring back forty
lestitute miners. It is thought she will
it eighty or a hundred.
<>n th<- Topeka were a!su two victims
Edmonton trail, <",. Praser and G.
li. Praser, brothers, from Calgary, Al-
N W. T. They started over the
trail in May, i x ''v led in reach-
Ing Liaril River after enduring numerous
hardships. They prospected LJard River
thoroughly, and the best .liufrings they
found would pay only from J'J to S" per
lay. Several hundred men v.
ipon and down the river. Al Glenora <;.
Praser, while cutting wood with which to
>ulld a raft, cut his foot and was brought
town the river on a
DR. SPONOGLE SAID
ROOT WAS IMPROVING
"WOODLAND; Sept. 5.— few days ago
there appeared in The Call fin article in
which the management at Agnews Asy
lum was charged with gross neglect in
caring for the late Walter Root of this
city during his last hours and In the pre
paration and shipment of the body to
"Woodland. It was stated that the an
nouncement of his death "came as a com
plete surprise to his relatives and friends,
as a letter had been received a few days
prior to the announcement containing in
lormatlon to the effect that he was im
proving both mentally and physically."
On September 1 The Call published a
San Jose telegram in which there ap
peared the following:
Roofs relatives had never been assured that
he was getting better. Up to the day before
he died there was no Indication that death
•would result immediately, although it was
expected. He became unconscious then and
•went Into spasms, and continued in them for
many hours. This probably accounted for the
contortion of the face.
About the 15th of August Mrs. N. E.
Root received the following letter, •which
is a complete refutation of the foregoing
statement:
Agnews State Hospital.
Agnews. Cal.. August 14, 1889.
Mrs. x. K. Root, Blacks Station, Cal.— Dear
Madam: Consent has been received here re
cardlntr the transfer of your son to the Napa
Htate Hospital. You were notified at the time
oi the permission. Kindly advise me -when
v«u want your on transferred.
" Illii ni-ntal condition seems to be improving
B little, and physically he In looking some
Natter His appetite is good and he is sleep-
Ing better. Very respectfully |?g»^^
F. M. BPONOGL.E.
Medical Superintendent Agnews State Hospital.
In the same telegram appeared the fol
lowing further statement:
Dr. Stocking Bald the remains were care
fully v.-' lied and dressed for shipment. Dr.
Dillon of San Francis.... a brother-in-law of
the deceased, was present arranging for the
Flilnment. - • •
T B Gibson of this city is authority
for the statement that on the day the
body was shipped from Agnews Dr. Dillon
telephoned that the body was in a very
bad condition and that It should be
washed and dressed before his mother
wan allowed to Fee it.
Friends and relatives are fully con
vinced that the asylum authorities neg
lected young Root in a most shameful
manner, but they realize the obstacles
that will confront them if they attempt I
to prove ii. In. any investigation that
might be ordered the advantage would
be all on the side of the asylum physi
cians and attendants.
The San Francisco Call.
swored. "You had better send word
uptown to his partner and have th<*m
come and get him."
Pendleton walked to Redding, a dis
tance of live miles, and went straight
to the Sheriff's office and gave him
self up. He was brought back to Kes
wick this afternoon to be arraigned be
fore Daniel Thompson, the local Jus
tice. Thompson refused to hear the
case, as he was interested in the min
ing claim. Pendleton was taken to
Redding to be arraigned there.
l">-ndleton claims he fought in self
defense and that Randall had made
threats against his life. Randall was
unarmed at the time of the affray, al
though he had been carrying weapons
no later than yesterday in anticipation
of trouble. Both men have been fre
quently concerned in mine-jumping, of
which there has been much of late
about Keswick. The claim in dispute
is considered valuable because it will
be at one end of the new bridge to be
constructed across the Sacramento. It
was originally located as a placer by
Pendleton and his partner. Two
months ago Randall filed a quartz
claim notice on the same ground, and
yesterday Pendleton filed another
quartz notice on his own ground, so
the claims wore three deep. Pendle
ton is and Randall was an old resident
of Keswick- Randall leaves a widow
and four children.
The Coroner lield an inquest this af
n.
RECOGNITION
FOR SHAFTER
Will Not Be Retired Next
Month.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Sept. ;.-
Aa a reward for bis services In connection
with the Santiago campaign President
McKinley, 1 understand, proposes to con
tinue Major Genera] Shatter in command
ol the Department of the Pacific with his
present volunteer rank after the time is
reached for his retirement on the 14th of
next month.
Under the law his reiirexnant, after
Ing sixty-four years of age, la com
tar us tin.- regular army is
concerned, and there are some who ques
tion the authority for assigning retired
officers to command under the volunteer
rank. But the President. I am told, has
been looking into the matter and believes
that there is nothing to prevent General
Shatter from continuing in his present
command under his volunteer commission
of major general so long as authority for
keeping up the provisional army exists.
The President proposes to renew his
recommendation to Congress for some
substantial recognition for General Shaf
t< r's services in the Spanish war, and it
Is hoped that by continuing him on the
active list with his present rank of major
general legislation may be secured which
will permit him to retire with at least
that rank when it comes the time for
mustering out the provisional army.
There is one precedent for the proposed
action in General Shafter's case. General
Graham, who was in command of (.'amp
\\v< ■:■. was allowed to retain his volun
teer i ■■mmand for several months aft^r
he had reached the age for retirement as
an officer of the regular army. The ac
counting officers raised some objection at
the time, but subsequently decided to al
low him pay for the time he served under
his volunteer commission.
When thf time comes for General Shaf
fer's retirement next month an oppor
tunity will be offered for rewarding one
of the Philippine heroes wfth a brigadier
ship. Major General Lawton, who has
only the rank of colonel in the regular
establishment, will, according to the pro
gramme as at present arranged, be made
brigadier general of the regular army.
General Mac Arthur. who holds the rank
of lieutenant colonel in tfie regular es
tablishment, is also to be rewarded the
same way when Brigadier General Ander
son r' Urea in January. :md General
Wheaton, colonel of Infantry, Is booked
for the brigadier generalship wtiich be
comes vacant next spring when General
Merriti retires. The retirement of the
latter officer will also open the way for
the appointment of a major general in the
regular army, which will £" to either
i i Lawton or General Mac Arthur.
Subsequent developments in the Philip
vill doubtless have much to do with
the final decision in relanon to this m:i
leralshtp.
CLARA FOLTZ APPEARS
TO DEFEND YDA ADDIS
Upon a Technical Point She Obtains
a Continuance of Twenty-
Five Days.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. s.— Yda Ad
dis Storke appeared in court this morning
with her attorney, Clara Foltz of San
Francisco, this being thp day set for her
arraignment on the charge of having at
tempted to murder Attorney Grant Jack
son on the morning of July 9 last. The
defendant shows decided signs of break
ing down, and her two months' confine
ment has made a great change in her.
She is thin and wears a haggard look.
New rtheleU, she entered the courtroom
to-day with the decisive walk which is
characteristic of the woman.
Mrs. Storke's counsel raised a technical
point, which for a While made it appear
that the information would be set aside
by the court. The Information read. "An
attempt to murder Grant Jackson." and
Mrs. Foltz claimed it should have read
"An assault with intent to commit mur
dor." She declared there was no such
crime as attempt to murder mentioned In
the statute, and Yda Addis Storke could
not be held for doing something that is
not known as a crime in the Penal Code.
Thin is a point which Judge Williams said
he had never known to have been passed
upon. H (> thought it should be thorough
ly Investigated before a decision were
given. He gay« twenty-five days in
which to submit briefs on Mrs. Foltzs
demurrer.
Attorneys Starbuck and Canfield filed
the formal notice of appeal in the libel
case to-day. The appeal is taken from
the judgment and order denying a new
trial made on July 10. fi
Fire in a Gas Plant.
WOODLAND. Sept. s.— The Woodland
Gas Company's house was totally de
stroyed by fire this afternoon. The tank
contains a sufficient supply for the city
to-night. The company expects to resume
manufacture to-morrow, provided the
generator and boiler were not too badly
damaged. The loss cannot be estimated
until the damage to the generator and
boiler is ascertained.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1899.
CASEY SWEARS HOWARD
PLANNED GREEN'S MURDER
James Kelly, Another of the Clever Band of Sneak Thieves, Is
Caught in a New Daring Robbery, and Is Now Held Pris
oner in the City of Mexico.
The Arch Conspirator Howard Has Been Traced to Canada, Where the
Police Authorities Expect to Apprehend Him at Any Moment-Sen
sational Developments in the Criminal Conspiracy That Found Its
Center oi Operations in This City.
THE mystery of the ftidvementa 1
and operation;; of the criminal .
conspirators whose leader and
dominating spirit la Augustus
Howard has practically been
solved by Chief of Police Lees and his
officers. A second member of the dan
gerous band. James Kelly, is in prison
in the City of Mexico under the name
of William Watson, and is likely to pay
the penalty for a Berious and daring of
fense. He is the thi<-f irho was repre
sented by his fellow thiof James
Casey, as being dead and buried in a
New Orleans cemetery. The arrest ol
Kelly has prompted ;h'.- police to toll
all they know of the manipulations of
tho Howard gang and the story reveals
another nest < f experienced, clever
bank sneaks and safe robbers, whose
operations have been international,
whose ability has been dangerous to
every community in which they moved
and whose eseapo from justice has
been most remarkable.
All of them, according to Chief of Po
lice Lees, from Howard to the least ex
perienced of the crowd, have either
been under arrest or have worn con
vict stripes. There is every moral con
viction to warrant the accusation that
they robbed the treasure box of the
steamer Alameda and were engaged in
several other daring thefts. In this
work they did r.ot stop at plans of mur
der and did not scruple to stc-op to
petty larceny. Bigamy, forgery, rob
bery and grand larceny are registered
against their names.
And now James Casey, who is under
arrest at the City Prison, adds a cli
max to the registry of their crimes by
declaring that he was paid $5000 by
Augustus Howard to murder AVillard
F. Green and throw his body overboard
from the steamer Alameda. This monej
was to be divided among Casey, Kellj
and Murphy in equal shares. The
money was paid, so Casey told a Cal.
reporter last night, by Howard the
night before the Alameda left this port
This admission has given the police the
chief reason for wishing to capture
Augustus Howard, the head and front
and master spirit of the conspiracy.
When Howard fled from this city he
went north and is now known positive
ly to be in Canada, where his arrest
Is expected any day. The career of
these criminals has been a strange one.
They are known in a dozen cities as
JOHN CASEY, TOO^. OF HOWARD.
dangerous men, but their traffic in San
Francisco is at an end.
Two of them are in Jail, but the other
three, including the arch conspirator,
Howard, are at liberty and the police
derlare that they will not cease their
efforts until they have placed him be
hind the bars. •
The criminal record of this crowd is
interesting. The first trace of it, as far
as the information of (he police goes,
begins in Melbourne, where, in the mid
dle of 1898, Casey, Kelly and Murphy
were arrested for robbery of a ware
house. The dangerous trio did not re
main long in jail, for on October 20,
1898. they succeeded in escaping and
made their way to Auckland, where
they prepared immediately to turn an
other criminal "trick." On November
27, 1898. the branch of the National
Bank of Auckland was robbed of £235,
and suspicion fell upon Casey, Kelly
and Murphy. The authorities did not
possess sufficient evidence to arrest,
but now that they have it from the
police of San Francisco, they indicate
no very earnest desire to prosecute.
MRS. JAMES KELLY, WIFE OF THE CAPTURED THIEF
From Auckland the trail of the thieves
Is to San Francisco.
After the robbery of the Auckland
Bank the thieves found the town too
hot for them and they determined to
! come to San Francisco; and they ac
i cordingly took passage on the Mari
posa on December 24, 1898, for this city,
i arriving here on January 11, 1899. Kelly
I took passage under the alias of William
I Watson. Casey came under the name
;of Dunnie, Murphy under the name
of James Brodie, and Kelly's wife and
child under the name of Mrs. and Miss
Reid. Upon their arrival here the
crowd separated. Casey and a man
RAY PLANTS GUNS
ON YUKON'S SHORES
Commander of the American Troops in
Alaska Erects Cannon Fortifications
at the Town of Eagle,
Special Dispatch to The Call* ' =
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 3.— Two
big warlike cannon point out over
the banks of the Yukon from
Eagle. They stand on a broad
plateau rising thirty feet above
the stream, commanding the mighty
river for miles. This interesting infor
mation is brought 1 by S. A. Warren,
just arrived from Eagle. One might
imagine, he says, that the American Yu
kon metropolis was going to war with
British Dawson, a few miles across the
line up the golden Yukon. Colonel Ray,
commanding the American Yukon sol
diery, completed the erection of the
two cannon a few days before the
Warren left Eagle, August 8. Several
salutes were fired in honor of the
event. There are 150 soldiers at Eagle,
and Colonel Ray is pushing work as
rapidly as possible on the Government
barracks, which are to cost ?200,000. He
wishes to get the men housed before
known as T. Lewis, and of whom the
police have little knowledge, registered
at the Palace Hotel, occupying the
same apartment. Mrs. Kelly and her
child went to the Russ House, register
ing under the name of Mrs. Reid and
child. Kelly secured rooms elsewhere,
but was very frequently at the Russ
House. Murphy found quarters in a
hotel on Third street.
As already indicated, the police
know very little of Lewis, with the
exception that he was in constant as
sociation with the rest of the gang
and came to this city with them on the
Maiiposa. Lewis also left on the
Mariposa on April 20, 1889. with Mur
phy, for Sydney. Murphy on this oc
casion gave the name of J. W. Win
ton. On the return trip on the steamer
Alameda a man who called himself a
mining man returned under the name
of Albert Lewis. Whether this Albert
Lewis is T. Lewis the police have as yet
been unable to determine. These asso
ciations and connections oL' Lewis and
the rest of the crowd are particularly
significant in relation to the robbery
of the treasure box on the Alameda. It
has been established absolutely that
Murphy was in Auckland two days be
fore the robbery of the Alameda took
place, and Lewis was supposed to be
in Sydney at the time of the robbery.
With Casey and Kelly definitely lo
cated in thiF city, tho circumstances
connecting all of these criminals with
Ihp robbery are very strong.
After this robbery was commute-]
thr> police directed their suspicions to
Kelly and Casey, of whom very little
was known at the time by the police
authorities. In this investigation the
police succeeded, quite unexpectedly
to themselves, in establishing the fact
that Casey and Kelly were two of the
men who had robbed the Auckland
Bank. On February 16, 1899, the Chief
of Police received a letter from J. R
Tunbridge, Commissioner of Police of
Wellington. New Zealand. This letter
detailed the circumstances of the rob
bery of the bank and gave a descrip
tion of the notes which had been
stolen. It will be remembered that the
fact had been definitely established
that Casey and Kelly arrived in this
city on January 11, 1899, from Auck
land. In the local investigations of the
police it was discovered that the very
notes which had been stolen from the
branch Bank of Auckland had been
disposed of in this city by two men
answering perfectly the description of
Kelly and Casey. The notes were sold
to Sutro Co., Goldberg & Co., and
Neville & Co., on January 13th and
25th. Two crimes had thus been fas
tened beyond dispute upon Casey and
Kelly.
The police were in a much better po
sition to trace the criminals than be
fore. Photosraphs of the malefactors
were obtained and local officers re
newed their vigilance. On March 30,
1899, a wagon of the Anglo-California
Bank stopped at the express office of
Wells, Fargo & Co. on New Montgom
ery street. The wagon contained $10,000
in gold coin. A moment after the ve
hicle came to a standstill a well-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
winter. The army post is beautifully
situated, rising thirty feet above the
river. The troops have an immense
parade ground, which occupies a por
tion of the town site, Colonel Ray hav
ing purchased a number of miners'
cabins.
The cannon fortifications command
the river for some distance above and
below the town, which is now a port
of entry. All vessels going and com
ing must stop, else the new cannon
will be fired at them. There is still
another very interesting sight at
Eagle just now. Three hundred tons
of beer, whisky and other intoxicants
are piled up on the banks of the river,
having been denied admittance into
British territory. Canadian authori
ties are turning back, and have been
for some time, all vessels carrying
liquors. Liquors have accordingly
been put ashore at Eagle, where the
American customs officers seized them.
dressed man engaged the driver.
Waters, in conversation and inquired
the way to the Grand Hotel. While the
driver was talking to the stranger a
thief abstracted the coin, from the
wagon and escaped. The driver has
been shown the picture of James Kelly
and identified it positively as the pict
ure of the man who engaged him in
conversation on the morning of March
30. The other man who stole the
money is supposed to be either Casey
or Murphy, although the police have
nothing in their possession to warrant
more than a suspicion. Casey and Kel
ly remained in San Francisco for some
time, although they made one trip to
the Sandwich Islands shortly after the
twbbery of the wagon. During the stay
of the conspirators here Mrs. Kelly
and her child changed their residence
from the Russ House to a private home
on Devisadero street.
On May 23, 1599, Casey and Kelly left
this city for their Southern trip, which
has resulted so disastrously to both of
them. They went from here by way of
Los Angeles to New Orleans, and from
there to the City of Mexico. Casey re
mained but a very short time, when he
returned to San Francisco, arriving
here on August 25. Shortly afterward
he was arrested, and when asked what
had become of Kelly declared that he
had died of typhoid pneumonia in New
Orleans. When Casey was arrested the
police captured a trunk and several
satchels marked by the name of Wat
son. Casey insisted that the bag-grape
belonged to him, but the police very
soon discovered that he was lying. In
the trunk was a picture of a woman
and a child, who Casey declared were
his wife and baby. The poMce did not
believe him, and upon investigation
proved that the pictures were those of
the wife and child of Kelly. This led to
the trail of Kelly and to a knowledge of
his disastrous manipulation in the City
of Mexico.
In that city Kelly and a confederate
who, the police are almost absolutely
certain, is Casey, committed another
daring daylight robbery which in every
particular resembles the crimes that
have been established against the two
men. On July 29. at the National Bank
in the City of Mexico, a man by the
name of Jose Rojano was robbed of
$10,000 in notes at the paying window
of the bank. Rojano had placed the
bunch of bills on the counter and was
en gaged in counting a small amount
of silver. While doing this he was ac
costed by a stranger, who asked some
question. Rojano answered the query
and turned to find that his bunch of
bills had disappeared. Another man,
evidently in collusion with the inquir
ing stranger, had snatched the notes
and was making for the door. An
alarm was given and the chase fol
lowed. The robber was caught after a
flight of a few blocks and the bills were
found in his possession. He was ar
rested and taken to jail, and gave the
name of William Watson, the alias
under which Kelly had manipulated so
often and so successfully.
James Kelly had been caught again.
After remaining in prison for some
time he was visited at his own request
by the British Vice Consul at the City
of Mexico. Kelly begged the Consul to
believe that he was a British subject.
He declared that he had just received
a letter from his wife from Cornwall,
England, and that, made desperate by
her representations of distress, he had
committed the crime. This fictitious
story made an impression, but shortly
afterward Kelly received a telegram
from George D. Collins, an attorney of
this city, who is now defending John
Casey in the Police Court. In the
meantime Chief of Police Lees had
been corresponding with the police au
thorities of Mexico, and had establish
ed beyond precedence the interesting
face that William Watson was James
Kelly, one of the most accomplished
bank sneaks in the world. The zeal of
Collins had done much to betray the
whereabouts of his client.
While Casey and Kelly were engaged
in their operations on this side of the
Pacific, Murphy and Lewis were not
by any means idle on the other side.
Under the name of J. W. Winton. Mur
phy ieft here on the steamer Maripo?a
on April 20, 1599, for the Colonies. He
ended his journey at Auckland. Lewis
took passage on the same steamer with.
Murphy and went on to Sydney. On
June 2, 5000 sovereigns were found
missing from the steamer Alameda.
The two men had, therefore, ample op
portunity in which to commit the rob
bery. When they left here they were
bid an affectionate farewell at the
dock, by George Adams, the associate
and close friend of Augustus Howard.
The association of all of the men is
thus thoroughly established. Adams is
now on his way to London. Mrs. Kelly
and her child and Mrs. Adams and her
Continued an Third JPajra.2
BOERS ARE PREPARING FOR A
CONFLICT WITH GREAT BRITAIN
View of Pretoria, Capital of the South African Republic.
JOHANNESBURG. Sept. 6.— Public anxiety shows no abatement as the exodu^ of the population continues. The
staffs of several large financial houses are leaving to-night with their hooks for Cape Town. At a public meet
ing held at Boksburg the field cornet guaranteed the safety of all the residents of the district. H> ann« unced
that, the natives would be transported immediately upon a declaration ot' war. in trucks thai were waitii E at
every railway station, and he advised families to group themselves, and that superintendents be appointed to
take charge of each group.
PRETORIA, Sept. s.— The Volksraad to-day accepted Mr. Coester's motion to fix the debates to grow out of the
Interpellation of the Government as to the assembling of British troops along th« Transvaal borders for Thursday
next. In presenting his motion Mr. Coester referred to the Jameson raid and other outrages and murders "committed
by British troops" aa leading him to distrust the present concentration. He declared that the convention of i^s4 did
not contact the suzerainty stipulation, and he maintained that Mr. Chamberlain had broken that convention by in
terfering in the Internal affairs of the republic. Other Burghers supported Mr. Coester, saying that while ne
gotiations were proceeding, all the British colonies were offering armed assistance. "And must the Transvaal remain
silent," exclaimed the Burgher. "It Is opposed to Christianity to conduct friendly negotiations and yet mobolize the
troops. We must know why the British troops are on our borders." The motion to wait until Thursday for the Gov
ernment's reply was agreed to unanimously.
CAPE TOWN, Sept. 6. — Arrangements are being completed for safeguarding the telegraphic communication
with the Cape in case of war with Great Britain and the Transvaal. Refugees to the number of 147 have arrived
here, and a million cartridges have been forwarded to Pefermaeritzburg, capital of the British territory of Natal.
Many Dutch Farmers are leaving Bechuanaland for the purpose of forming a laager across the frontier.
LONDON, Sept. B. -Sir Henrs M. Stanley, the African explorer, has written a letter to a friend on the Trans
vaal situation, in which he declares that th< only sensible course for England to take is to trust in Joseph Chamber
lain, the Secretary of State foi the Colonies, who la now on trial before the nation and world. "If," Sir Henry
writes, "these complications and wearisome iterai obß and unceasing repetitions will not soon terminate, they
must pass to tho next Government, and Mr. chamberlain will then have proved no better than the mediocrites
who mad-- Krugerism possible. The British nation is also on trial before the world, and if we shrink from compell
ing that old man in the Transvaal to deal justly with "ur countrymen we shall sink below zero in the estimation
Of the world, and the decline of our influence and authority in South Africa will be hastened."
Right Hon. John Morley, Liberal member of Parliament for Mi ntroseburgh, addressing his constituents this
evening at Arbreath, dwelt upon the necessity of bo shaping the British policy In dealing with the Transvaal as to
carry the friendly judgment of the Dutch population in South Africa and not to divide the white races. "There
said Mr. Morley, "a more insensate example of human folly than a war that would bring added
burdens. We do not wish ( > be a pirate empire, and war with the Transvaal would mean deep dishonor."
The Times, which comments editorially on the gravity of the situation that necessitates a Cabinet Council
at such an unusual period, says: "It would be unpardonable folly to shut our eyes to the suspiciously dilatory
i resident Kruger's diplomacy and to the energy with which he fs simultaneously preparing for war.
It Is well known thai General Sir Henry Butler has been selected to command ttv British forces, should war un
fortunately come, but it is the clear duty of the Government to take other steps besides the choice of a com
mander."
Th>' Premier, the Marquis of Salisbury, will come to London Wednesday from Walmer to confer with th^
tary of State for the Colonies. Joseph Chamberlain, and a Cabinet Council has been summoned for Friday,
urgent messages having been sent to all the Ministers requesting their attendance. There is great activity at
tliM Admiralty and War Offices and the Colonial Office. Numerous telegrams from South Africa arrived at the
Colonial Office to-day, but their contents have not been made public.
General Lord Wolseley, field marshal and commander in chief, is in daily communication with the War
tlso (Jeneral Sir Evelyn Wood, adjutant general t.> the forces, and Colonel Hector Archibald Mc-
Donald, aid de camp to the Queen. The Press Association asserts that the officers of thY Highland Light Infan
try at Devenport notified their men last evening to prepare for departure, orobably on Thursday. The Daily Mail
pinion that the "next move will be an ultimatum, unless President Kruger yields." It declares that
men is the "Utside number that the Transvaal Government can put into the field.
The Berlin correspondent of the Daily Mail Bays: ' i learn from Boer sources that reliable news has been re
d from The Hague at Pretoria to the effect that President Kruger will not give Mr. Chamberlain a chance to
an ultimatum, but will take advantage of the first suspicious movement of the British troops on the border to
assume the offensive. "
PRESIDENT REVIEWS VETERANS
AND VISITS SAMPSON'S FLEET
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. . This
was the big 1 day of the Grand
Army encampment and the city
was alive at an early hour. Ad
miral Sampson and the captains
of his fleet made a formal call upon the
President before 9 o'clock. After the
Presidential party, including the ad
miral and the captains, entered car
riages and went over the route of the
parade. The President's carriage was
drawn by four richly caparisoned bay
horses. With the President were
Mayor Ashbridge and General Louis
Wagner, chairman of the G. A. R. ex
ecutive committee. As the President
started up Broad street a great wave
of cheering was started that never
ceased until he had traversed the en
tire route of the parade.
The Presidential party drove past the
historic State House. As he passed the
President took off his hat. The party
reached the reviewing stand at 10:10
o'clock, and the President waited in i
the rooms of the Director of Public
Works until the head of the procession
reached the stand, when he again made
his appearance.
The head of the procession moved at
10 o'clock and marched five miles. In
dependence Hall was passed during
the procession. A chorus of 3000 school
children assembled at the City Hah
and sang patriotic airs as the veterans
passed.
Post No. 1. from Rockford, 111., the
oldest post in the Grand Army, head
ed the line. General James W. Latts
of this city was chief marshal.
Among the many relics of the Civil I
War which appeared in the parade was
the worn and stained Rag which was
used at General Thomas' headquarters.
It was carried at the right of the line
In the Society of the Cumberland at
Chicago at the reception of General
Grant on his return from a trip around
the world.
Disabled veterans rode in carriages .
SAILOR OF THE OREGON
DYING OF CONSUMPTION
• £>J LOS ANGELES, Sept. s.— Seaman Edward Welden. one of the crew ©
•{• of the battleship Oregon, is dying of consumption at the County Hosni- •}•
V tal. Weiden participated In the naval battle off Santiago* de Cuba on '**
.. July 4 of laat year, that wiped Cervera'i squadron off the seas. When II
•• the battleships were- ordered to New York for the review and parade. ••
V young Weiden appeared in the naval battalion. On that day, it will bo '•
], remembered, the rain fell in sheets. Weiden caught cold in the line of '.'.
•• march. The cold later developed into pneumonia and finally into con.-' ••
I*l sumption.
II . Friends Bent him to Southern California for the change in climate. He II
• • remained for months at The Palms. His funds pave out, and. penniless. ••
** he was placed in the County Hospital, where to-day he was discovered V
I', by the, Red Cross. This society will minister to his wants as long as the I!
-• funds hold out. '•".,' ■"- ■ . . . J.
** Weiden's only relative is his mother in Chicago, who is too poor to *"
II aid her dying son. ; The people of Los Angeles will see to.it that the boy. II
• . will not occupy a pauper's grave. • •
Threatened Hostilities the Cause
of a Great Exodus.
at the head of the line. In order came
the Departments of Illinois, Wisconsin,
pfaio, New .York, Connecticut, Massa
chusetts, New Jersey, Maine, New
Hampshire, Vermont, Potomac, Vir
ginia, North Carolina, Maryland, Ne
braska, Michigan, Kansas, Minnesota,
Missouri, Kentucky, West Virginia,
Washington, Alaska and South Da
kota. Thirty-five thousand men were
in line.
The visit to the fleet was decided on
this morning, when Admiral Sampson
called upon the President at the Hotel
Walton. It was the intention to have
the chief executive remain here until
Friday to review the naval parade arid
visit the squadron, but the President's
desire to return to Washington to
night caused a rearrangement of the
programme. The visit of the Presi
dent to the squadron proved to be the
greatest marine spectacle ever seen
here. It was the intention to have
Mr. McKinley visit only the New York*
but he grew so enthusiastic over the
great fighters that he visited the flag
ship New York, cruiser Brooklyn and
the battleships Indiana", Massachusetts
and Texas. There was almost a con
tinuous roar of guns during the one
and three-quarter hours that it took
to inspect the vessels. In all 482 guns
were fired by the squadron in the
President's salutes.
Enthusiasm was rampant to-night.
Wherever President McKinley ap
peared he received a tremendous ova
tion, particularly at the Academy of
Music, where the Grand Army was of
ficially welcomed to the city and State
by Mayor Ashbrldge and Governor
Stone. The President was introduced
as "Comrade" McKinley. He said:
It has given me great pleasure to asso
ciate with you to-day. I have been deep
ly touched by many of the scenes which
all of us have witnessed. With the Joy
ous side of the glad reunion of old com
rades who fought side by side in a com
mon cause ana for a common country,
there was the other sad side that so
many of our comrades who two years ago
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. 189 S.
had marched proudly with you throusrh
tht city "f Buffalo are no longer in the
ranks. The circle is narrowing. Ah the
years roll on, one after another is not
present at our reunions:, but accounted
for. They have gone to .ioin the great
majority of our comrades who sleep to-
MiKl't beneath the low green tent whose
curtains never outward sway.
But with it all. my comrades. 1 could
not but inquire as I witnessed the vast
procession of old veterans and heard the
plaudit." of the people. I amid not but
ask the question. "What has endeared
this vast army to the American people?
What enshrined you in their hearts?
What has given you a permanent, unper
ishable place in history?" The answer
comes that you saved the nation. It was
because you did something; aye. you sac
rificed something. You were willing to
give up your lives for civilization and lib
erty—not for the civilization and liberty
of an hour, but of age?. That has given
you the place in the nearts of the Amer
ican people.
Oreat and good deeds nVver die, and
the Grand Army of the Republic is to be
congratulated to-night that th.- Union )t
saved and the peace it secured at Ap
pomattox Courthouse more than a third
of a century ago is stronger, better and
dearer to the American people to-day than
ever before in all our history. We are
once more and forever one people— one In
faith, one in purpose, willing to sacrifice
our lives for the honor of country and the
glory of our flag. The blue and the gray
march under one flag— we've got but one
flag now— the same that our grandfathers
lifted up, the s&me flag which you kept
stainless and made triumphant forever
more.
1 may be pardoned for paying in this
presence that this has been one of the
happiest days of my life, looking in t\\p
faces of my comrades. They are getting
a little too old for war, but they are ail
right. That dv.ing last year and this
summer, we were able to convene 860 000
of the best young men in the United
States, was due to the example of your
patriotism and the inspiration of your
example.
The Presidential party retired from
the hall and drove directly to th> j
Pennsylvania railroad station, where
the party boarded a special train and
left for WashingtoVi.
"KING" OF CONEY ISLAND
HAS PASSED AWAY
NEW YORK, Sept. s.— John Y. McKane
died at his home in Coney Island at 6:15
o'clock to-nigrht, aged 58 years.
•John Y. MoKane was known as "King"
of Coney Island some years ago. Eleven
Indictments were filed against him by the
Grand Jury for violations of the election
laws in the town of Gravesend, Long
Island, and he was subsequently convicted
and imprisoned. He was born in County
Antrim. Ireland, and when about fifteen
months old was brought to this country
by his parents, who settled' at : Sheeps
head Bay. 'He learned the carpenter's
trade at Gravesend and afterward as a
builder laid the foundation for a fortune
which at the tirrn* of his death amounted
to half a million dollars. Thirty years
ago McM&ne was elected Constable of the
town where for many years he reigned
supreme, having in turn been Supervisor
Chief of Police, president of the Police,
Town and Water Board; boss of Its poli
tical districts— indeed, a "king" of the
noted summer resort.
■ ♦ ■
To Cure La Grippe in Two Days
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drugreistß refund the money If It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c.
MEET TO PUN
DEEDS OF CHARITY
Catholic Ladies' Aid So
ciety in Session.
GRAND COUNCIL ASSEMBLES
GATHERING OF DELEGATES AT
SANTA MARIA DEL MAR.
Archbishop Riordan and Bishop
Montgomery Send Greetings and
Well Wishes to the
Members.
Special Dispatch to Tiie Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. r,.— Sar.ta Maria'
del Mar, the beautiful summer resort of ;
th( Catholic Ladies' Aid Society, is the •
Mecca of the members of that order thl3
week. They have been arriving until
Hotel Dpl ftar ta filled to overflowing.
Every branch but one on the coast is rep ;
resented by delegates to the grand coun
cil and all the grand officers are present
with the exception of one director. The ■
sessions .ire to cont'nne four days and !
the deliberations will turn upon how to
do more effective work. The sessions |
open at 9:30 o'clock in the morning, con- :
tinuina: until 12. and in the afternoon j
they continue from 1 to 3:30 o'clock.
The grand council opened this morning
witl. high mass. Father Murphy of Holy
• '"oss. Santa Cruz, being the celebrant.
• The parlors had been transformed Into a
beautiful flower bedecked chapel. An
alt ir iiad been erected at the south end
Of ;1h j room. Over the pure white altar
cloths pink amaryllis wer<' massed on the
alt.'ir, and with the blaze of light from
j many burning candies the sight was a
pretty one. The music was under the
direction of Mrs. J. Kerlin, leader and
pianist. RoßWig'B mass was sung by the
following choir: Mrs. Thomas O'Neil.
Mrs. J. Kerlin, Mrs. Ed O'Neil, Misses
Wsddcck, Clara Partzer. Jpnnie Ahrens,
!<!-.■ Griffith, Stella Handley, Kate Har
riugton, l.izzio Rodney. Nearly all the
members of the society partook of the
communion.
This afternoon the altar had been re
moved and where It had stood were the
words "Welcome C. J..." in asparagus
fern. The grand council was called to
order by the grand president, Mrs. Mar
garet Dean of San Francisco. The ses
sion was opened with a prayer by 'Father
Mi Namee. after which a hymn to the
sacred heart was sung. Mrs. Dean
made a few informal remarks In regard
to the order.
Appointed on the committee on creden
tial:- were Mrs. Samuel McFadden of No.
10, Sa:i Francisco; Mrs. Marie Flynn of
No. 1, Oakland; Mrs. Anna Humphrey of
No. 3. Alameda. Mrs. Kmma Russell of
San Francisco was appointed grand mar
shal and Mrs. Mary Tuite of San Fran
cisco No. 11 grand guard.
On the press committee were placed
MiEfl Lizzie Horn of San Francisco No.
2; Miss Margaret Atkinson. San Fran
cisco No. 10.
Father McNamee of the Santa Cruz
church delivered the annual address to
the grand council. He welcomed the
members to the city and hoped for a
profitable session. He spoke of the noble
work ot" charity they were doing In bring
ing succor to the needy and consolation
to the afflicted, in relieving distress with
out considering the creed or nationality
of the sufferer. *
A letter was received from Archbishop
Riordan. It was one of greeting and con
gratulated the society on the good work
it was doing. The Archbishop is on a
journey to Home and said he would ask
the Holy Father for special blessings for
the grand council and members of the
society.
Bishop Montgomery of the diocese of
Los Angeles sent his best wishes and
wished every blessing to the members of
the grand council.
CJrand Secretary A. Stanley of the
Youri* Men's Institute, in his letter of
greeting, spoke especially of the recep
tion tendered the grand council. Young
Men's Institute, a few weeks ago. as the
most pleasant feature that ever marked
a grand council session. He hoped a
spirit of unity and friendship would ever
exist between the two societies.
Mrs. Mar;. Xagle. grand president of
the Vouug Ladies' Institute, sent a greet
ing on behalf of that body.
After the session bathing was enjoyed
and this evening an informal reception
was held. To-morrow will be given to
the president's address and reports.
INVESTIGATION
MAY BE MADE
Inquiry Into Bentheim's
Story.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 5.-The officials
of the State Department have been much
interested in the remarkable story of the
artist, Bentheim. at Atlanta of his con
nection with the German secret service.
The point in his narrative that particu
larly attracts attention at this time is the
allegation that the deputy and Vice Con
sul at Sonneberg has been serving as a
German agent to convey secrets relative
to war material stolen from the French
Government anil that the official has used
the United States consulate and the ofli
cial letterheads and envelopes of the con-
I sulate to further his ends.
The records of the department show j
thai Alvin Florschultz was appointed vice i
and deputy United States Consul at Son
neberg in 1888. He had been connected
with the banking business in the town
and resigned the place of cashier of one
of the largest banks to accept the po-
Bition in the consulate. When the con
sulate was removed from Sonneberg to
Coblenz, Florschultz went along. Ho has
eiven satisfaction at every point and has
1 frequently discharged the duties of Con- ;
sul during the absence of that official.
I lie still holds his place. Inquiry made
Into the accuracy of the detailed state
ments made by Bentheim appears to con- i
firm most of them. His claim that ho I
was a soldier in the Two Hundred and
Second New York Regiment and dis- j
charged in Washington is borne out by
the War Departrbent records. Notwith
standing this the officials of the State
Department discredit Bentheim's state
ments, though now that they have been
given such publicity it may bo found ex
pedient to quietly investigate the matter.
The Qerman embassy treats the Bon
theim story lightly and while the offlciall
say there are a number of circumstances i
referring to his alleged employment in the j
military service at Berlin which are In
consistent with the established system !
there, yet they, will not dignify the story j
by going Into details.
Sculptor Trentanove. who is mentioned
as the one who will be visited by Ben- |
thoim in Washington, has gone abroad. \
DENVER, Colo., Sept. 6.— "1 never knew :
Charles E. Bentheim/' said Wolfe Lon- i
doner to-day, referring to the man now i
at Atlanta. Oa.. who ..as revealed the al- i
!' go<l methods by which state secrets
were transmitted from Franc to Ger
many, and who said that he was born in
Denver thirty-six years ago. "I think It
is a fake name," said Mr. Londoner, "for
there were not many people here In 1863.
and I would have known his father if he
had really been born here."
John Martin, the commission man. who
has lived in Denver since the first house
was built, could remember no such name, i
DEWEY AT GIBRALTAR.
Admiral Is Very Much Pleased at the
Welcome Given Him.
GIBRALTAR. Sept. s.— Admiral Dewey,
who has recovered from his indisposition,
is much pleased at the cordial welcome
that was nr-oorded him herr. The admiral
is living ashore at the Bristol Hotel. To
day he lunched with Horatio J. Sprague,
the United States Consul at Gibraltar.
DEATH OF GODFREY,
THE WATER WIZARD
Located SubterraneaQ Streams
Througf) the Possession
of Straoge Power.
PASADENA. Sept. s.— Captain John S. Godfrey, renowned nationally and £
locally as the "water wizard," died of heart failure at 2:30 o'clock this morn- j.
ing at his homp on North Marengo avenue, aged 72 years. During his long J.
life he has located thousands of wells, solely by the strange power which -$•
his friends declare he possessed. He began during the war. When the water «j*
in the streams was too muddy to be drunk the soldiers would come to him. V
The captain would walk along over the ground until suddenly he would begin T
to tremble and the perspiration would stand out on his brow. Then the J.
wizard would declare water existed under his feet. It was always found. •[•
For a time Captain Godfrey was employed on the Gage Canal at San ■§•
Bernardino to locate leaks under the surface. While there President y
Painter of the North Pasendena Water Company heard of him and sent for T.
him. The wizard has been in the employ of the water company for a de- .s.
cade. His sole duty was to locate wells by means of his power. The water j.
company's entire system was located in this manner.
Many tests of the man's power were made. A year or two ago a reser- £
vnir was believed to be leaking. Captain Godfrey walked around it and t
located the leak. A shaft was sunk 140 feet and a narrow stream of water J.
was struck. Just where the captain said it would be found. <r
Four yer.rs ago President Painter drove in from Monrovia, ten miles west y
of town. Captain Godfrey walked through the fields near the road and de- V
dared that an underground stream existed at a certain place under foot. T,
The place was in a dry arroyo. Avcriil had. sufficient confidence in the cap- i.
tain's majjic to expend $30,000 to find i.he stream and develop it with an elec- 4.
trie plant. Thf> re.-ult is that he new has many more inches of flowing •£
water than has the entire town of Monrovia. X
There are thirty other wells, reveial of them pumping water by means T
of electric: plants, that were located by the now dead wizard. One of these j.
was purchased by Millionaire J. W. Hugus of Altaden& A neighbor thought 4.
to cut off Kugus" supply by dinging a well abovp. Captain Godfrey laughed r*
and said that the underground current 190 feet below the surface branched *|
just above the Hugus well and that the proposed well -would prove a failure. **
Such was the result. The well, sunk some thirty feet lower than the ..
Hugus well, never produced a drop of water.
Captain Godfrey was born in Hampton Falls. New Hampshire. He was *r
quartermaster sergeant of the Second New Hampshire "Volunteers.
JIMENES LANDS
IN SAN DOMINGO
Hailed as the Country's
Deliverer.
Special Pifipatch to The Call.
PUERTO PLATA, San Domingo, Sept. 5.—
General Juan Isldro Jimenes landed here
I to-day, having come from Cuba, touching
at Cape Haytien on the way. He was re
ceived at the water side by an immense
throng. His reception, arranged by Gen
eral Ramon Imbert, was enthusiastic
The news of Jimenes" arrival has been
sent into the interior and it is believed
puttied order and peace will soon be re
stored. . . .
General Jimenes was accompanied ny
tiftv armed revolutionists, who were
taken on board the Georges Crotse at
('ape Hayrien. The populace hailed him
aa the country's deliverer.
A delegation of a hundred officials ana
I prominent merchants, headed by the Gov
-1 ernor of the city. wenl on board the
steamer to greet him. returning after an
absence of nine years. The entire popula
j tion was at the wharf and escorted his
i carriage to headquarters, where a re
' ception was held this afternoon, thou
i sands waiting for hours in the intense
' heat to assure him of their support.
To-night there was a popular demon-
I stration. with a procession of soldiers and
speeches of welcome. Puerto Plata and
! Santiago arc Jimenes' strongholds. There
is some uncertainty regarding political
conditions in the southern districts and
there arc rumors of other aspirants plan
ning to defeat General Jimenes in that
, quarter.
The local press says:
"The coming of General Jimenes com
! pletes the evolution. There has been no
revolution. It is safe to expect an im-
I mediate revival of business.'
Sentiments like these are uttered on all
sides and there is no discordant note.
PRESIDENT VASQUEZ
ENTERS SAN DOMINGO
With His Cabinet, Forming the Pro
visional Government, Is Given a
Hearty Welcome.
Special Cable to The fall and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1899. by James Gordon
Bennett.
SAN DOMINGO, Sept. s.— Provisional
President Vasquez and hi? Cabinet en
tered San Domingo to-day. They were es
corted by 2000 revolutionists. Vasquez and
big Cabinet were received with a great
demonstration, which signifies popular
approval of recent events. The day was
given over to holiday features. There
were celebrations, concerts and fireworks.
The provisional government will formally
assume charge to-morrow.
MRS. CLARENCE BERRY
VERY ILL AT DAWSON
Wife of the Rich Klondiker Is Suffer-
ing From a Severe Attack
of Appendicitis.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. s.— Mrs. Berry,
wife of Clarence Berry, one of El Dor
ado's richest men, lies in her Klondike
home very near to death's door. This In
formation, peculiarly painful to the pio
neers o f the camp, was obtained* from to
day's Dawson arrivals. She is a victim
of 'the dread appendicitis. Physicians are
doing all that can be done, and while the
sufferer was slightly improved when to
day's Klondikers left, her condition was
still dangerous.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Condemnation Proceedings to Gain a
Postoffice Site.
WASHINGTON, Sept. s.— The Treasury
Department will shortly Inaugurate con
demnation proceedings to secure a site for
the extension of the postoffice building at
Los Angeles. The department has been
unable to secure this site for a reasonable
pum. The last Congress appropriated
$250,000 for the work.
Pacific Coast patents were granted to
day as follows:
California— S. Adler, San Francisco.
loose leaf binder and ledger; Oliver A.
Alexander. San Francisco, open fire door
for furnace; Richard Cady. Los Angeles,
railway switch; Bernard Hausman, San
Francisco, slldable and swinging window
sash; James T. Ludlow. San Francisco,
assignor of Vulcan Iron Works, cold stor
age apparatus: Charles E. Pellow, Ala
meda. leather dressing machine; Allan M.
Riddell. San Francisco, support for open
book.
Oregon— Marion E. Welch, Portland,
book support; George F. Earhart, La
Fayette, road grader and ditcher.
Washington— Orin C. Fentason. Ho
quiam. collapsible fruit basket and ship
ping box: Swan Sampson, Tacoma, mop
wringer.
Frank B. Pierce was to-day appointed
postmaster at Marcuse, Sinter County,
vice Titus Half, resigned.
Pensions: California— Original: Joseph
Jones, Tkiah. $fi: William A. Morgan.
University, Jjj; Peter Frvatt, Woodiand.
$8.
Renewal— Walter E. Jury, San Fran
cisco, $S.
Original Widows— Rebecca A. Norman
Dunsmuir. $8.
Mexican War Survivors— lncrease: Ed
win R. Parks, Lovolock, $8 to $12
Washington— Original: Charles Howard
New Whatcom, $6; Ezra J. Alger, McMil
lan. $tj.
Modjeska at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 5.-Tho new version
of "Marie Antoinette," written by Clin
ton Stuart of New York, was given by
Madame Modjeska and her company to
a large audience at the Fisher Opera
house this evening, the performance be
ing the Initial one nf the drama. It was
highly successful. Madame Modjeska was
repeatedly encored, and Mr. Stuart wan
called before the curtain for a brief
speech.
MODUS VIVENDI
NEARLY SETTLED
Fixes Alaska Boundary
Temporarily.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Sept. 5.—
Unless Canada again interposes obstacles,
negotiations for a modus Vivendi defining
the temporary boundary line between the
.Dominion and Alaska, will 'je concluded
within a few days. Secretary Hay is
naturally very much gratified with the
prospects of an early, though temporary,
settlement of this vexatious controversy
ar.d it is not going too far to say that the
solution is entirely due to the lact and
discretion he has displayed in the nego
tiations which have been In progress ever
since he succeeded Mr. Day as Secretary
of State.
Facts which rarne to my attention to
day show that the Secretary has con
vinced Great Britain of the impregnable
character of the position he has assumed
and that Great Britain's friendliness for
this country has caused her to make con- |
cessions which enablt- an agreement to be i
reached ap to the location of tlm tempo:- !
ary line. The proposed line, 1 understand, |
will be located at the fork of Ohilkat i
River, just above the Indian village ol
Kluckwan. Other points where the line
will be located were agreed upon sitmi
months ago and are not under discussion
at this time. The effect of tin- location of
tin- boundary line as fixed by the Secre
tary and practically agreed to by Great
Britain will bf- that the entiro Lynn Canal
will he under American control and that
Canada will not, under the t'-mporary
agreement, have a port on that water
way.
The question of the Canadian port on
the Lynn Canal will be left to the
tiations for the permanent settlement of j
the dispute. It was reported to-day that j
the modus vlvendi would end in Novem
ber, 1900, but this was specifically denied j
and it seems that so far as the negotia- |
tions have now gone there Is no date fixed
for the termination of the agreement.
The temporary line will cease to exist,
of course, when the permanent line is
agreed upon. The object of the temporary
line, as has been stated, is to determine I
the points where the customs houses of
the United States and the Dominion shall |
be established and the territory which i
shall be patrolled by the police of the i
respective countries. The locution of a |
line will naturally result in preventing j
conflict between Canadians and Ameri
cans which might have given a very seri
ous aspect to the dispute. The high joint
commission will have nothing to do with i
the Alaska boundary question, though the
American members will undoubtedly con
sult with Secretary Hay. Jt seems to be
understood that the commission will not j
re-assemble until the boundary contro
versy is disposed of. as the British Gov- I
ernment In the past has indicated that
the boundary dispute must be settled be
fore the remaining questions can be ad-
Justed. __^_______^_^^^
CALIFORNIA PRODUCTS
FOR THE PARIS FAIR
State Commission Making Splendid
Progress in Collecting the
Exhibits.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. s.— The California
Paris Fair Commission is making com
mendable strides in endeavoring to collect
material tor the display to be made next
year by this State at the great exposi
tion. Secretary Wiggins received orders
from the commission to arrange twenty
five jars of fruit for the exposition proper.
These are now being prepared. They
comprise pears, peaches, watermelon,
apricots, etc., in their natural colors,
slightly heightened by the prepared liquor
in which they are pickled, and present a
most tempting appearance. It may be
possible these twenty-five jars will be
placed on exhibition in the Chamber of
Commerce before they are shipped to their
destination. The chamber has been au
thorized to collect samples of ornamental
woods that abound in this section.
The State commission requests that all
f-xhibits reach San Francisco by Septem
ber 15. Secretary Wiggins says this will
be impossible, as only the wine, cereals
and a few samples of dried fruits will be
in readiness at that time. The southern
portion of California is doing its full duty
toward enhancing this foreign exhibit.
Secretary "U'lrgitis to-day reports that C.
H. Clayton of Lang and J. H. Mclntyre
of Sespe have furnished beautiful samples
of extracted sage honey: Loud & G-urling
of Pomona have forwarded a fine exhibit
of Hemskirke apricots; Ackermann &
Tupley. San Diego, make a creditable ex
hibit of olive oil.
Falls to His Death.
KESWIOK, Sept. s.— Charles Newman
lost his life in the D. McCarthy mine thir,
morning. He was working at the top of
a chute, when he slipped and fell to the
bottom. He was 60 years old. unmarried
and an old-tim* 1 miner in Shasta County.
near Madam: "Peframold" says come;
You're* wlcomp. Chronicle building. No. H.
"Circumstances
Alter Cases/*
In cases of scrofula, salt rheum, dys-
■ pepsia, nervousness, catarrh, rheumatism,
eruptions, etc., the circumstances may be
| altered by purifying and enriching the '■
blood <with Hood's Sarsaparitla. It is the
great remedy for all ages and both sexes.
, Be sure to get Hood's, because
MISCELLANEOUS.
WHY DR. ABORN'S
TREATMENT CURES.
Successful Results From an Expe-
lience of Over Thirty Years in the
Treatment of Diseases of the Eye,
Ear, Bead, Thr at. Lungs, Digestive
Organs and Affections cf the Nerv-
System.
In the treatment and cure of disease
promptness of action and Judgment in
the Belectii f curative agents must be
exercised. Nature seeks to assist herself
at all times, but when she finds h< rs< If
helpless the aid of a human agent is
mandatory
Many of the diseases which affect hu-
manity tind thuir entrance Into the sys-
tem by means of the channels through
which air is conveyed to the lungs. Be-
ginning at the nose, the disease extends
to the throat and thence to the lungs.
The air passages are necessarily con-
tracted, and from the action of the dis-
ease and the introduction of too little
Ilfe-sustatriing air the whole body suffers
and a breaking down of the system re-
sults.
Prompt action is necessary to expel dis-
ease and stop its ravages. Patients thus
Buffering must intrust themselves to the
competeni hands of a specialist who has
made the treatment and cure of their af-
flictions a life 1 study. Sued a man is Dr.
Aborn of 564 Butter street, thp specialist
in the treatment of eye, car, head, nose,
throat, lung, digestivi md all af-
fections of the nervous system. An ex-
perience of over thirty years in this line
of practice has placed him at the head of
the profession.
Dr. Ahorn's office and residence Is at 554
Sutter street. He may be consulted dally
from 10 to 12, 2 to 4, and evenings from 7
to 8.
TWO POINTED FACTS
Are always observable on a critical ex-
amination of our laundry work, and
that is that the color is perfect and the
finish beautiful on all linen done up
here, Shirts, collars and cuffs are
laundered here in a mannpr that gives
all the beauty and freshness of the
new article.
United States Laundry. Offlca
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420,
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
i r M .Fi US n y
j Act like magic strengthening the Mus- S
I cular System, restoring the long-lost Com- 5
p plexion, bringing hack the keen edge of jj
j 1 Appetite, and arousing with the Rosebud j
| of Health the whole physical energy of j
the human frame. One of the best guar- [
] antees to the Nervous and Debilitated is
Jjj that Beecham's Pills have the Largest
I I Sale of any Patent Medicine in the "World,
' 3 and this has been achieved without the j
i ] publication of testimonials. :
1 10 cents and 25 cents, at ell drug stores [
teSeS3HE2EE^ISEOTBa->r^-='q3rTPß3ir=^ ?^a3H Sa SasaSZSSaSZsS
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED,
-*^^
DR. MEYERS & CO. have the largest prac- B
tice and best equipped medical institution H
on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 years. ■
PRIVATE BOOK an.l advice free at office a
or by mail. All letters confidential. N
731 Market St San Francisco. |j
visit OR- JORDAN'S great A
\ museum of ANATOMY'
9 ' Cj& 1051L'AESITST.tet.6±i7ti,G.r.C:!. A
\ 9p The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
9 Bt&lb*%. or| d- Weaknesses. or any contracted^
T JJStSm disease p<-»lti»«ly cured by the oldest T
9 B Jjß I Specialist ca theCoait. Eit. 36 years- Q
i AWgjf OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
\w\ iSj 1 1 Consultation free and strirtly private \
. I t j££il£l \ T™ ""lent personally or by Itttrr. A m
V a y^^l i'M.lire twain every case undertaken. T
AF 1 111 i Write for Book. PHIL.O»>OI>nY of A
W* I I j 1 * M*<tlllAl.i:, MAILED FREE. (A
A (i (1 valuable book, for mm) \
! ' OR J »BDAST Af0.,1051 Market St., S.F. f
<^^^^»^^fc RUPTURE.
afcTTT^T^I T'SR NO MORE IRON"
TiSrßSSspZiitf&SSSr Hoops or Steel Springs.
fP^*&!i3si£§&2< Rupture retained with ease
/ 'sS?^ar.d comfort and thousands radi-
■ — JM?* (-all >' CURED by DR. PIERCES
WL /Mi** Magnetic Elastic Truss. ICTCaII at
\bair office or write for New Pamphlet
No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
620 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco
IMPDO\/1X A IWIOKS VITALITY
IMCnVI I M LOST VIGOR,
tmm AND MANHOOD
mß£^^\ Cures Impotcncy Night Emissions and wasting
9H|4y diseases, all effects of self/abuse, or excess «ca
indiscretion. A nervctonic and blood-builder.
> yftf Brings the pink glow to pale heeler and re*
fa Jfrti^J stores the (ire of youth. By mail 000 per
£J|£^Bs box) 6 boxes for $2.50: with ; writtea
sn!H^3fv guarantee to cure or refund the money
?crcita iilcdiMi Co., CHufon « 3<tckson its. , 6n!csas,
B. It. Baldwin & Co.. Druggists, 8 Market, S.F.
SaiERCE'S
! SIJ? favorite
IRESCRSPTiM
JR fORWEAKWOMEI^.
f,*t?& ! &s&>d£*n m Big « if • non-poisonota
! i<'^HP g remedy for Gonorrhoea.
VsSig^CCUEs^feTl Gleet. Sperma t orrh«Z
Mg^W in I tobJ»TB.^H Whites, unnatural dis-
jStf&f Outiaatecd \g[ charges, or any inflamm*-
-I*3 not to ttrlotaro. tion, irritation or ulcera-
WP TBPr«Tenu oantigloa. tion of mucous mem-
gy>lrHEEvANS CHEMtCU do. Cranes. Non-astringent.
«gS&CINCINNATI,O W| s « ld •»»' OrngxUt*,
SkfffA^ Cla V'-si T or sect in plain wrapper.
i^Wßat^ jKS&KtA i 7 ex rsss i Prepaid, tat
■J||ltt^V&a fl.a', cr 3 bottloc, $2.75.
■ Circular ««Bt wa rt«BMk
J^g^DEWEY,STRONG
E J
. \BSSf^33O MARKET ST. Sl\£*rLABORI HAS APPEALED
TO KAISER AND KING
Dreyfus' Counsel Asks the Rulers of Germany
and Italy to Permit Schwarzkoppen and
Panizzardi to Testify at Rennes.
RENNES, Sopt. 5.— M. Labori this
afternoon ti-legraphed personal !
appeals to Emperor William
and Kinp Humbert to grant
permission to Colonel Schwarz
koppen and Colonel Panizzardi, Ger
man and Italliin military attaches in
Paria In 1894, to come to Rennes to
testify in thp trial of Captain Dreyfus.
This is the news of the day and the
chief topic of conversation in the cafes
and resorta of the journalists this
ng. The appeals were couched in
eloqueni t< rms, invoking the assist
ance of their Majesties in the name of
justice and humanity. They were quite
supplementary to the formal applica
tion that will be made by the Govern
ment commissiary, Major Carriere.
The demand of M. Labori that the
court-martial should issue process
subject tn the approval of the two sov
ereigns came like a thunderbolt at to
day's session. The step is fraught with
momentous consequences, as it affords
Emperor William an opportunity again
to assume his favorite role of arbitra
tor of the destinies of the world. No
one will be surprised If Colonel
Schwarzkoppen, in the name of the
Kaiser, makes a declaration that will
practically decide the results of the
trial.
Both Pchwarzkoppen and Panlzzardi
must consult their respective sover
eigns before starting, but the counsel
for Dreyfus fully expect them to ar
riv«' here, if they come at all. in time
to give their testimony on Thursday,
in which case the trial would probably
conclude this week and the verdict be
dcliv. ■!••■<! on Friday or Saturday. This
is the view that obtains this evening,
differing somewhat from the feeling
r in the day.
Jouausi told Demange at the
of the session that If he received
itification that Schwarzkoppen
szardi were coming to depose
he would be prepared to adjourn the
trial pending their arrival. An adjourn
eight hours would prob
ably give them time to get here. A
[max, and one that is sig
f the relations between the
tW'> eminent adv. nates who are con
ducting the defense, is the fact that m.
tphed the German Em
: and the King of Italy nn his own
Ltive, without consulting or advis-
M. Demange.
appearai >nels Schwarz
koppen and Panizzardi would be the
rial as well as the most
[dent of the entire trial.
tions would be a formal
■ mphatic declaration that they
i any relations with the ac-
I and they would make such a
I that the court must order an
ttal. Those who are in the con-
C the counsel entrusted with
\ press a firm conviction
Dreyfus will now be acquitted.
Nevei of the most promi
■rals with whom the corre
• :':• Associated Press con- j
• f< --• d himself "quite j
Ith the progress of thr> trial |
thus far," and confident of a conclusion j
The illustration shows a number of members of the Young Ladies' Orchestra, which will supply music on Native Sons' Day at the Sacramento Fair.
"eminently satisfactory to the prosecu- |
tion."
morrow's session will begin with
closed doors, to hear from Cernuschi,
the Austrian political refugee, the name
of the foreign attache he has already
mentioned as admitting that he had
received treasonable documents from
Dreyfus. The remainder of his evi
dence will be given in public.
Cernuschi will be subjected to a
searching i ross-< xamlnatlon. The pro?- ;
ecution relies upon him as a last straw.
He was interviewed this evening by
several journalists, and asserted that
he has in his possession documents to
prove every ■■•■•■■ d of his statement yes
terday. According to a rumor now go
in- the rounds, the name of the foreign
agent who, as Cernuschi declares,
showed him documents from Dreyfus
revealing French military secrets, is
Ger.schel). The latter is said to be an
Austrian officer who passed three
months in Paris about the time that
Dreyfus was arrested.
Senator Trarleux, who testified to
day will probably be confronted by j
Generals Mercier, Gonse. De Boisdeffre |
and Roget. After that it is understood
that the deposition of Colonel Dv Paty
Clam will be read, Major Tavernier. i
who examined him, having arrived • at i
Rennes. This practically completes the
list of depositions, unless, as is urob- ;
-ible D U a ty de Clam's testimony leads
the defense to summon witnesses to
controvert his statements.
It is reported this evening that the
Minister of War. General the Marquis j
de Gallifet. has sent orders to the gen
erals and other military witnesses to
leave Rennes and return to their re
spective posts within two hours after
the conclusion of the depositions and
not to be present during the pleadings.
They will thus be absent when the ver
dict is delivered. General Mercier. be
ing on the retired list. is not affected by
this order, but Generals Roget Gonse
»nd De Boisdeffre must fire-. These or*- 1
SENATOR TRARIEUX, FRIEND OF DREYFUS.
* He was a member of the Rlbot Cabinet under President Faure in 1*95. On ~
<•> the witness stand at Rennes yesterday M. Trarieux declared that Dreyfus
is innocent. f
(\evfi are intended not only to avert a
demonstration in favor of the generals,
accompanied by probably serious disor
ders, hut also to prevent the moral ef
fect of their presence in the court room
while the judges are deliberating as to
their verdict, and perhaps to prevent
something even worse than moral in
fluence.
TELLING TESTIMONY
IN DREYFUS' BEHALF
REN'XES. Sept. 5.— M. Cernusohi, the j
political refugee and reputed scion of j
P<r\i.in royalty, who appeared yesterday
before the Dreyfus court-martial as a
witness for the prosecution, was not ex- I
Fair Musicians at the State Exposition.
amined by the court during the time it j
sat behind closed doors on this, the sec
end day of the fifth week of Captain Al- |
fred Dreyfus' trial on the charge of trea
son in communicating army secrets to a
forelgr, government.
The examination of the secret espionage
dossier mentioned by Captain Culgnet
during yesterday's sitting of the court
martial occupied the greater part of the
secret session of the court.
When the open session began M. Labor!
presented a formal application to the
court for an order upon Major Carrier?,
the government commissary, to request;
that interested foreign governments,
through diplomatic channels, communi- j
cate to the court various documents velar- !
Ing to the bordereau. M. Laborl ex
plained the purpose of the application by
citing the fact that the court was now in
an extremely delicate situation and add
ed tint he had pointed out to Major Car
riero Colonel Schwarxkoppen and Signor j
Panizzardi as witnesses he deemed neces- ,
sary to summon. M. Labor! said he
thought this step would worry nobody
and that it was in conformity with pre- '
cedents.
Major Carriere replied that he did not
think the government could ask another i
government for the restoration of the doc
uments. He suggested that the defense
could obtain and submit the papers offi
cially to the court. He saw no objection
to hearing Colonel Schwarzkoppen and '
Signor Panizzardi if they consented to
come. .. 
y. I'aieologue said that while M. La- I
bori's request appeared quite logical and I
just there were diplomatic considerations |
which made it Inadmissible for the gov- |
ernment io take such initiative as was
proposed by counsel for the defense.
Colonel Jouaust said the court would J
decide the matter later and meanwhile
proceed with the taking of evidence.
The first witness called to-day was Re- j
porter Bassett, whom the Matin sent to j
London to interview Major Esterhazy,
Th.% witness deposed that Esterhazy con
fessed to him that he wrote the bordereau
Voider order* from Colonel Sandherr, who^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1899,
was the <"'hief of the Secret Intelligence
Bureau. The order Esterhazy receive I
was to catch the traitor at th^ general
headquarters, who Esterhazy afterward
said was Captain Dreyfus. Major Car
riere here burst out with an extraordinary
protest apainst Major Esterhazy's insinu
ations against Colonel Sandherr.
"I protest," he crier], "in the name an-i
memory of Colonel Sandherr, against the
insinuations introduced against him!"
M. Labor! ignored this protest, which he
styled a ridiculous pretension.
M. Labor! < ailed upon General Roget to
testify in regard to letters he hart receiv
ed from Major Esterhazy since the open-
Ing of this trial. General Roget to-<l:iy
looked the fih.ist of his former assertive
self, iiis face was careworn and show d
little of that righting spirit which flr«rt
characterized his appearance upon the
stage, He replied that he only open- d
one letter from Major Esterhazy. which
he had forwarded to Colonel Jouaust.
General Roget added that he had declined
to rect i\ •■ i>t her letters.
M. Labor! then asked Colonel Jouaust
to have the letters read. Colonel Jouaust
at first declined, but M. Labor! Insisted
so firmly thai Colonel Jouaust, after
wrangling v while, gave way and consent
ed that the letters should be read later.
Colonel Jouaust explained that he oppos
ed the reading of the letters because they
only contained personal attacjes upon va
rious i>;irties and would only lead to a
prolongation of the trial.
Geneial Roget then read the one Ester
hnzy letter which tie admitted having
opi tied In this leter Major Esterhazy
said he could not prove the existence of
the alleged syndicate organized in the in
terest of Dreyfus and complained that
the general staff had refused to give him
a fair hearing.
M. Labor! then put a series of questions
Intended to bring out the fact that the
gem ral staff had made use of Esterhazy
even after he was known tn he unreliable.
General Roget said he had not consid
er-! Major Esterhazy' S avowals to be of
anj value.
M. Laborl sought to question General
Roget more doselj on his statement that
none of the generals of the genera] staff
had any relations with Major Esterhazy,
but Colonel Jouaust declined to allow
further discussion. Tnin led to another
scene between the president of the court
martial and counsel for the defense, M.
Labor! declaring that General Roget, who
came more as a public prosecutor than
as a witness, refused to reply to probing
questions,
M. Demange asked General Roget his
opinion of Major Esterhazy.
"I have an absolute conviction," replied
General Roget. amid cries of "Oh" from
the audience, "that Major Esterrftzy is a
stranger to treason."
General Roget then delivered a short
discourse in reply to the statement that
M de la Fond Lamotte on Saturday that
the phrase in the bordereau, "I am going
to the maneuvers," showed that Dreyfus
could not be the author of the bordereau.
General Roget maintained that Lamotte
was wrong.
Captain Dreyfus in a clear voice em
phatically Insisted that the circular of
May 17, 1894, announcing that the proba
tioners could not go to the maneuvers,
was written in the clearest language,
•which the court would see if it were read.
He reiterated that he had never asked to
go to the maneuvers, lor he was abso
lutely convinced that such a request
would not be granted.
M. Defies, a reporter for the Temps,
testified that he saw Major Esterhazy in
London and that the latter confessed he
was the author of the bordereau. The
witness added that he raised the question
of the letters of Mme. Boulance and
brought away the impression that Ester
hazy wrote the "Uhlan" letter.
M. Trarieux. formerly Minister of Jus
tice', was next called. He made a long
deposition in favor of Dreyfus, reviewing
the history of the case and his own part
in connection therewith. M. Trarieux is
an excellent speaker, with a good pres
ence. His deposition closed the public
session. He made a very telling speech,
describing how his original belief in the
guilt of Dreyfus was first shaken and
then completely changed to conviction of
innocence by subsequent developments
and the noble conduct of M. Scheurer-
Kestner, formerly vice president of the
Senate. The letters exchanged between
General Gonse and Lieutenant Colonel
Picquart also strengthened his conviction.
M. Trarieux spoke of the machinations
against Picquart and said he accused no
body. He believed, however, that the
chiefs were deceived. M. Trarieux re
counted a conversation with a foreign
Embassador, who declared in a tone of
the greatest sincerity that Dreyfus never
hud relations with him nor with any offi
cer of his country, while, the Embassa
dor added, he possessed documents prov
ing the guilt of Major Esterhazy.
M. Trarieux delivered a very impres
sive speech, recalling the execution of the
English Admiral P.yng on the charge of
treason who was afterward found to have
been unjustly condemned. ML Trarieux
said that Frenchmen might well dread to
have such a blood stain upon their his
tory as, through the execution of Ad
miral Byng, mars the history of England.
M. Trarieux said General Kuget and Cap
tain Cuignet were wrong in the conclusion
that they had drawn from the correspond
ence of Agrents "A" and "B" that Drey
fus was guilty. The former Minister of
Justice declared in an emphatic tone
which made a deep impression upon his
hearers that no parallel ought to be
drawn between a model officer like Drey
fus and Major Esterhazy. who had not
even the soul of a Frenchman.
M Trarieux, on alluding to the bor
dereau, was interrupted by Major Car
riere, who said that while he opposed
direct official application to foreign Gov
ernments for documents mentioned in the
bordereau, yet i!' by a side wind the doc
um< nts could be produced be certainly
would be personally much pleased i
This is practically an invitation to Ger
many to voluntarily communicate the
documents in question.
At the conclusion of M. Trarieux's tes
timony, which apparently had made an
impression on the judges, the court-mar
tial went behind closed doors and exam
ined the secret espionage dossier.
The court also deliberated on M. La.
bori's request that application be made to
Germany for the documents descrihed in
the bordereau. The decision was unani
mously reached to reject the application
on the ground that the court was incom
petent to invite the Government to take
diplomatic steps to obtain the documents
in question. It was also decided to hear
M. Cernuschl behind closed doors to-mor
row.
CASEY SWEARS HOWARD
PLANNED GREEN'S MURDER
Continued from First Pasre.
child did not remain long in this coun
try after their consorts had formulated
their daring scheme. The police have
discovered the very interesting infor
mation that Mrs. Kelly and Augustus
Howard had the unusual faculty of
banking at the same houses and using
the same safe deposits. In this way
another connection between Howard
and the rest of the gang is established,
but it was early in the campaign that
Mrs. Kelly and Mrs. Adams found it
expedient to leave here for Sydney, and
on February 24, 1599, they departed on
th<' steamr Moana.
As already indicated one of the most
daring and atrocious crimes planned by
the conspirators was the planning of
the murder of Willard F. Green, which
is charged by the police to Augustus
Howard. The most damaging evidence
against Howard in this connection is
j furnished by John Casey, who is now in
the City Prison. Casey declared to a
Call reporter last night that he had re
ceived $5000 from Augustus Howard to
murder Green. In support of this alle
gation there is the established evidence
that shortly before the Alameda sailed
from this port on March 22 Howard
took $10,000 in gold which belonged to
him from the safe of the Palace Hotel.
Casey says that Green was pointed out
to him and to Kelly at the Palace Hotel
and the compact was made to murder
Green on the downward trip of the
Alameda. The money, so Casey says,
was taken to the dock by Howard In
a hack and there delivered to Murphy.
The three men went on board and then,
just as the ship was leaving the dock,
jumped ashore.
In outline these facts constitute the
criminal history of Aug-ustus Howard
and h!s confederates, and there is
every reason to believe that most of the
men will escape conviction for their
crimes. They certainly will do so for
the offenses committed in the Antip
odes. The Mexican authorities do not
want Casey, as they have no definite
evidence against him. The American
authorities do not want Kelly, as they
are in the same predicament as the
Mexican people. The officers of Aus
tralia and New Zealand want neither
Casey nor Kelly, as the expense at
tached to the extradition of Butler has
made them chary of renewing the ex
periment. But when Howard is caught
there is absolute certainty that he will
STATE FAIR ABOUNDS IN
INTERESTING FEATURES
Logical Result of the Co-operation of the Agricul
tural Society Directors and the Citizens of
Sacramento.
Blue-Ribbon Babies at the State Fair.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. s.— The sec
ond night's attendance at the pa
vilion augurs well for the future of
the exposition portion of the State
Fair. The attendance was large,
the special features were very in
teresting and everybody felt satisfied.
There is an unusually charming effect
about the pavilion, which is tho logical
result of the efforts made by the direct
ors of the Agricultural Society with the
co-operation of the citizens' State Fair
committee of this city. This, of the
many features, consists in the interior
decorations of the building, the beautiful
decorations and the artistically con
structed exhibits. One of the most con
venient things about the affair is the
lounging or smoking room connected with
the pavilion. This is a new and novel
Idea and is in agreeable contrast with the
way the pavilion end of the fair was con
ducted In former years. The character
and quality of the exhibits clearly dem
be brought back to San Francisco to
stand trial for the offenses of which he
is charged.
JOHN CASEY IN COURT.
The Prisoner Fights for Time
in Which to Plan a New-
Escape.
"Jackie" Casey, with his many aliases,
appeared before Judge Mogan yesterday
on his preliminary examination on the
charge of grand larceny by trick and de
vice. The Judge, after hearing the testi
mony and arguments of counsel, reserved
his decision till this afternoon at 2
Felix' Bloch, the tailor on Sutter street,
testified that Casey, under the name of J.
Angus, had, prior to May 15, obtained a
pair of trousers and a suit of clothes
which he paid for. On May 15 he ordered
another suit and an overcoat, and one day
sent a messenger boy with a note that he
was sick and to send the articles by the
messenger and he would pay for them,
but he had not done so. They were valued
Charles Kushler, who was then a cutter
with Bloch, but has since been dis
charged, testified to having sent the goods
by the messenger, who did not return
with the money and was believed to have
been a "dummy." He was asked if he
had ever asked Bloch for authority to
send the clothes to Casey without pay
ment, and he said he had, but Bloch made
no reply. He was authorized to give
credit to customers who had an open ac
cont. Blnch denied both statements.
It was also shuwn by Detectives T. B.
Gibson and Ellis that two days after
Casey got the suit and overcoat he left
the lodging house at 911 Bush street where
ho had been stopping and disappeared.
They found the goods in his possession,
but 'he had changed the buttons and had
destroyed the labels. He told them that,
he had bought the suit in Sydney and the !
overcoat in London. When arrested he
pave his true name as John Casey. The
clothing was positively identiued by
Bloch and his cutter.
Ex-Judge Louderback for the prosecu
tion argued that Casey went to Bloch's
with a felonious intent and by trick and
device obtained the goods, which was cor
roborated by his denial to the detectives
and the alterations he had made in the
garments.
Attorney Collins argued that it was to
all intent's and purposes a case for the
civil courts, and the Judge said he would
render his decision this afternoon at 2
o'clock. *
The nrgumrat on the writ of habeas cor
pus for Casey's release before Judge
Murasky was continued yesterday untii
this afternoon at 3 o'clock to await the
decision of Judge Mogan.
GATLING GUN FOR
THE NEGRO RIOTERS
Governor of Georgia Is Requested to
Take Steps to Protect the
Citizens.
ATLANTA, Sept. s.— Governor Candler
was asked to-day to send a Catling- gun
to Brunswick, Ga. The request comes be
cause of the implied threat in a state
ment recently made by a negro editor
that armed negroes were ready to sustain
him in whatever he said or did.
Governor Candler to-day issued an order
to the militia to evacuate Darien, where
the recent disturbances between the
whites and blacks took place.
The Governor ordered two officers and
thirty men to accompany Delagel from
Savannah to Darien this afternoon. Del
agel will be placed on trial to-morrow.
$1000
Every 24 Hours!
That's what we divide daiy
among our stockho'ders the mo-
rn :nt we strike a iooo Darrel well.
We'll Strike It Sure
iooo shares only ot our stock
now selling at $4.50. Price goes
to f 5 per share when this is sold.
PROSPECTUS FREE, giving
'•INSIDE INFORMATION."
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Co.,
822-323 Parrott Building,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*.
onstrate the rapid strides of the Golden
State in all directions.
To-night's programme of special feat
ures was intensely interesting. After
Neal's Exposition Band had rendered a
number of line musical selections, a
physical culture drill was executed by
fourteen boys from the junior class of the
Sacramento Athletic Club. Next came a
boxing bout by Robert Schenck and Sam
uel Thorpe, each S years of age. Their
clever sparring brought forth liberal ap
plause from the spectators.
The Schenck Brothers, Robert and
Carl, did a double trapeze act which in
dicated wonderful adaptability and su
perior training.
The entertainment by the musical Wil
lards was the most pleasing and enjoyable
of to-night's features. They played on
five different kinds of musical instru
ments, the character of which is unfamil
iar with most people. There was a cake
walk by Eugene Coffin and Lola Frosl
of San Jose, who have won honors in their
city. This was followed by more acro
batic feats by the Schenck brothers and
ladder pyramids by the junior athletes.
The programme concluded with a trapeze
CONVENTION OF THE
AMERICAN BANKERS
About $5,700,000,000 of Capital
Represented and the Attendance
the Largest Ever Had.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. s.— The twen-
ty-fifth annual convention of the Ameri
can Bankers' Association was called to
order in the auditorium of the Chamber
of Commerce building to-day with prob
ably the largest attendance in the history
of "the organization. Between 1200 and
1500 visiting bankers, representing all sec
tions of the country, were present. The
amount of capital represented in round
numbers is 5n.T0.'.000.000.
In the absence of Mayor Farley. Direc
tor of Law Hogsett welcomed the bank
ers to the city. Vice President E. Born of
the Cleveland Clearing-house Associa
tion welcomed the delegates on behalf of
the Cleveland bankers.
President George H. Russell of the |
1^ With every purchase comes satisfaction or dis-
I In making our "Yeargood" clothing we have ||i
b|l taken all care to have it give entire satisfaction, and ||I
I I in almost every instance it will. ||§
r i^z ' But with all such care, sometimes a suit or over- |j
HH coat does not meet with approval. And it is to pro- P
£f?s tect these customers that we repeated say : tn
1 1 Money returned if you want it or h
j I Suit kept in repair free for one year. ||
ill' We make proper amends for all dissatisfaction. ||
I I Yes, all our "Yeargood" clothing will be kept in |j|
1^ repair a year and never cost you a cent, even if we ?i|
p^ You can't get clothing elsewhere and get such ||i
-,: Our • 'Yeargood" clothing comprises suits and m§
111 overcoats from $12. 50 to $25 in all cloths, patterns I
1 1 Boys' Knee Pants. 1
I U Ages only 9to 15, all-wool mixed patterns, taped ||i
I' 4 seams strong pockets, well sewed; values 75c, 85c |||
iti With every purchase of $1.00 or over we are |||
all diving free an S.v 10 photograph of the returning %. a
Bel California Volunteers no irehing up Market |/ a
SI street. See the ?.n<lar 6 ed picture in our window. |i
II (fI|)S.N .WOODS CO (j§i) II
I I \gmsy 718 MARKET ST \^tos>/ g
:'•■.•'■■;■ •"-•'> r ' ■ ; ." : v : '/'- ;■■'■' ■ ■
performance by the Flying Banvards.
During the evening a reception was
fiven by the wives and daughters of the
ireetors of the society to their friends
at the fair sex.
To-morrow afternoon nearly all of to
night's music will be repeated, and there
will be specialties for women ami chil
dren. The society's cakewalk will take
place to-morrow night and will be for
the gold medals given by the citizens'
committee of this city for the State cham
pionship. Seven couples have already en
tered. Tne standard will be 700 points,
and eight minutes will be allowed for the
walk. Those who have entered up to date
are Eugene Coffin and Miss Lola Frost
of San Jose. Louis Barney ami Dora Men
delson of San Francisco, Mr. Rvan and
Miss Podd of Sacramento, Bolle and Flora
Muddox of Sacramento (the latter two
will be attired In Japanese costume), and
Ollie Frost of San Jose and Alma Ferris
of Oakland. Master Harry Mangels of
San Francisco will be the drum major for
the cakewalkers. He was the winner of
the Pacific Coast and international prizes
at the International Cakewalk Carnival in
San Francisco about two months ago.
p Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be a
8 marvel of beautiful illustrations
ft — its half-tone work being es-
« pecially fine.
American Bankers' Association replied to
the welcoming spoech and followed with
his annual address to the organization.
Several other interesting reports were
made.
Warren-Brewster Wedding.
j SAN RAFAEL, Sept. s.— Walter Warren
I of San Francisco procured a license from
"Deputy Cupid" Holland to-day and was
married to Mrs. Cora M. Brewster by a
Justice of the Peace. Mrs. Brewster was
divorced from her husband on August 1,
IS9B, the decree being granted by Judge
Belcher.
34
EAST
NEW SAILS OF
THE COLUMBIA
WORK NICELY
With a Change of Canvas the
Queen of Racing Craft Beats
the Defender Easily.
Special Disrate to The Call.
NEWPORT. R. 1.. Sept. s.— ln the finest
kind of •sailing: breeze to-day, the cup de
fender Columbia defeated the Defender
by 3 minutes and 11 seconds over a
twenty-mile course, ten miles to wind
ward ar.d return. She rounded the wind
ward mark I minutes and S3 seconds
ahead of the Defender, besides making up
a handicap at the start of 31 seconds. On
the run home, with spinnakers set, she
gained 3^ seconds over her rival. The
winds was about eight knots from the
Boutheast-by-aouth at the start, and
freshened steadily as the afternoon wore
on, so that the boats finished in a twelve
kr.ct breeze. The race was for a cup
offered by Colonel William God!;-. of j
Providence.
The Columbia this morning put on a new
n:ains;iil of lighter weight canvas than
any she had previously used, and it was to
test the new cloth that the race was
Bailed. She also bad a new forestaysaJl
of the same weight. The new mainsail
was the finest fit the Columbia has ever
had. It is a little lorger at the hoist than j
tho c:i6 used on Monday, but is not any
longer on the boom or gaff than the other. 1
On the windward work the canvas set like i
a board. ]
The ?taysal! stood the test thoroughly '
nr.d seen.cd a little larger than the old
one. The topsail ar.d jib topsail were the |
same as used in Monday's race, but ■here i
was a noticeable improvement in the set j
of the former.
The Columbia will go to New Rochelle !
to-morrow and will be given practice j
spins on the *ound for a few days. Plans
for her movements just previous to the .
cup races have not been made.
NEW YORK, Sept. s.— The Shamrock !
was out again for a spin to-day. During '
the afternoon she egged twelve miles |
over a moderately rough sea. The rough i
weather did not appear to check the j
Bpced of the Shamrock, which rode the
water easily. I
M'COY PUTS OUT THORN
IN THE THIRD ROUND
NEW YORK. Sept. s.— Kid McCoy
knocked out Geoffrey Thorn of England
In the third round at the Broadway Ath
letic Club to-nigrht. The attendance was
EOOO. McCoy was In excellent condition,
and determined to wipe out the stain his
reputation received by the Jack McCor
mack knock-out at Chicago. There was
little betting, the Kid being a 100 to 30
favorite. Each of the men weighed less
than 158 pounds.
Round I— The Kid led a light left to the ear
and was blocked. Coming together again Thorn
cent his rieht twice to the Kid's kidneys.
Thorn tried a right swing, but the Kid ducked
It neatly ani st-r.t !>ack two lefts to ihe ear
an-1 flipped in with a right over the heart.
Thorn, after a little rtdilir.s. ducked a r'.ght
■wing but McCoy ur-rereut with the left and
forced him to the rope* with right and left.
Thorn dropped to one knee to avoid punish
ment before the bell.
rv>und I— McCoy rushel and dropped Thorn
with three lefts', the first in the stomach and
the other two on the mouth. Thorn was UD in
three seconds, but dropped to avoid a right
swing. McCoy' s super irlty was v»r>- appar
ent and he indulged Thorn for a few moments.
Then he sort his '.eft to the nose p.nd the blood
pished all over the Englishman"* face. Thorn
trind a rlsht uppercut, but there was nothing tc
It, as the Kid ildcr-atepped and it looked IOC
to 1 on the Kil at the bell.
Round 3— Both riddled, and Thorn landed a
light left nn McCoy's eye. A* they closed in
the Kiu slipped to the floor, but was up In a
second. McCoy then Jabbed a left to the face
and dodged a right swiag. McCoy gent the
rleht to the body. and. as Thorn clinched, three
rights from the Kid took the wind out of the
Briton. As they broke the Kid stepped back.
and as Thorn ahaped McCoy stepped in and
shot his left twice to the race. They were
fearful blows, delivered with terrlfflc force.
and Thorn fell flat on his fac. The foreigner
groped and (Drawled in a vain effort to re
gain his feet; but h!.= sun had set and the
referee counted him out.
Thorn's seconds jurr.v>ed into the ring and
grabbed their man, who wan throwing h's
arm? around in windmill fashion, evidently un
conscious of what had happened. McCoy ran
over and helped his victim to his corner Time
of round, two minutes and three seconds.
«-
WORLD'S RECORD BROKEN
CHICAGO. Sept. 5. -Notwithstanding
the fierce heat to-day, which caused sev
eral spectators and attaches to be over
come, the racing at Hawthorne was good.
Edward Corrigan's two-year-old Golden
Rule, which made its debut to-day in the
Middle West in the second race, five and a
half furlongs, with 100 pounds up and
Vittatoe in the saddle, easily captured the
event In 1:07, lowering the track record
by a quarter of a second.
The feature of the card was the third
race, a mile and a ■'•nth, In which
Carnero, Rafaello, Sam Lazarus and
Cherry Leaf were entered. Carnero again
secured the race and a new world's rec
crd, covering the distance in 1:45, "a
quarter seconds better than the previous
mark. Results:
Six furlongs. g -George Arnold won
Ramtet second. Calf-has third. Time. 1:16%. '
Five and a haif furlongs— Golden Rule won
Hagerdon second. Tar Sill third Time. 1:07 '
One rni!e and a - cteenth — Carnero won:
Rafaello second. Cherry L*=af third. Time'
IMS.
One mile, selling— Moroni won, KunJa second
Marcato third. Time. 1:41
Seven furlongs— Cor.teFva won. Brownie An
derson second. Dir.ornis third. Time, 1:27%.
One miie and an eighth— Dummy won
Seattle second. Miss Patron third. Time!
1:54 H. "' 1
Dependable Drugs
Clerks of
Experience
Every hour of the day and night
two or more experienced and regis-
tered pharmacists preside over the
Owl's prescription department.
They are men of years whose ex-
perience covers many thousand pre-
scriptions. They know their busi-
ness and know it well. They do
nothing else but put up prescriptions*
Castoria 25c
Cuticura Salve 40c
Piso Cough Cure 20c
Pears' Soap 15c
Mermen's Powder 15c
Churchill's Skin Soap 15c
Lesley's Talcum Powder 10c
Hay's Hair Health 40c
Seven Sutherland Sisters' .
Hair Grower 40.
Leibig's Extract of Beef 40c
Calder's Dentine 15c
J §&, ' 1128 MARKET St., S. F.
0"",!'^ TCL. SOUTH 3SO
lOth* BROADWAY (tcl.Main 309 1 OAKLAND
LATEST RECORDS IN THE MELD OF SPORT
EASTERN MEN
VICTORIOUS IN
TENNIS GAMES
Champions of Atlantic Seaboard
Easily Dispose of California
Talent at Dei Monte.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
DEL MONTE, Sept. s.— "The West is the
West and the East is the East." and the
twain will not meet for some time as far
as tennis Is concerned. There is a gap be
tween the playing of the Eastern and the
Western champions th;it can neither be
filled nor bridged. The time may come
when the Pacific Coast champions may
put their Eastern rivals on the plane of
an equal contest, but that time is not yet j
here.
At the opening of the National Tourna j
nient at Del Monte to-day the pride an.i j
flower of Atlantic championship tourna
ments found the westerners "easy game" j
for their strung racket-wielding arms. But
one local court dtvotee proved metal !
worthy of their steel and he was Sumner j
Hardy. Hardy won the single Western j
victory and ma .■• Malcolm D. Whitman, j
the champion of the United States, drink 1
stimulants before their match was j
finished.
Eight matches were played, seven of
which placed new feathers in the belts of !
the Eastern quartet. The tournament be
gan Its course about 11 o'clock, when !
Robert N. Whitney and M. I). Whitman |
shed their coats to begin action. Whit- j
man won the match, 6—3, 4—6, 6—2, 6—l. |
The second set was appropriated by
Whitney, who seemed Infused with a
righting bacillus of the tennis order, for
he ever played such an excellent game
before. His good exhibition proved fruit
less, however, against the man whose con
sistent and accurate playing, Infallible
strokes and superb eye has made him the
greatest tennis player in America. Whit
man's scientific, cool, calculating and per- j
feet tennis in the morning was a revela
tion to the spectators thai lined the
courts.
More vigorous, brilliant and dashing is :
AT THE DEL MONTE TENNIS TOURNAMENT.
Dwight Davis, second on the list of the
country's tennis kiii^H. He smashed the
with force enough to punch holes in
the courts. From the time he begins play
he ia at his rran with a B wish and banp,
and never lets up. even fur a breathing
space. In three easy bets he took the
measure of George Whitney, who was ex
- in one court, while "Brother"
Robert was breathing his last on an
other..
The Western champion. George Whit
ney, was not himself to-day. None of that
Ufic playing which dial d him
at the last San Rafael tournament was
exhil Ited. Davis' force and vi^or, dash
and war horse charges left George Whit
ney dumfounded.
Ana Whitney was not the only food for
Davis' appetite for In the
afternoon he waded right through Sam
. the Scoreboard reading: 6—3, 6— -0,
6—l.
Western hopes and anticipations vror«
irketable v terday, but there
is not enough ■ ther to raise a
now. Whitman was conceded a
winner and Davis a probable one. but
the locai men counted on certain victories
ovt-r Ward and Wright. It wus another
on of fond hopes that went a glim
mering. Ward won both his matches, de
: g Sam Hardy this mr.rmng and;
X I crt N. Whitney in the afternoon.
"Weil, if we can't beat Ward, we can
beat Wright." said ihr- local men,
Sumner Hardy did beat him, but George
Whitney fell into an abysmal pit when
he r:if r the youngest of the visitors, hut !
one set being his portion. In this match,
as in that with Davis, Whitney was not I
himself, astonishing friends and foe by j
his erratic playing.
Every guest In the hotel and many from I
•-<] to the courts. As the j
tournament was in the nature of a con- J
tinuous perfurmance. the people came '
and went. Threi courts were running at
■ ft .: r-urt of modern clr< us affair,
divided the lnt< real and made it
Impossible :'■ r i ne person to see all that
was going on.
In the morning Walter Ilobart appeared
ped .l feeble applause ?>>r good
long and sri'.rt Shots. It was his first day ',
out siiice his recent Illness, but even his
friends did not recognize him on account
of a long wealth i t brown whiskers. In
the afternoon he appeared again, this j
time without the )■■<.: laJ adorn- 1
ment. Walter wus recognized and the!
game was stopped until the mad rush of
congratulations had run th<-ir race.
The great match of the <]«>■ was that of!
Simmer Hardy and th<- Eastern f:
champion. For a whila the visitor was on ■
hip last leps. Hardy had five games in '
■ set, while hi-- opponent had but
four. The score of the next game was
forty love In Hardy's favor, when Whit
man pulled himself together and won the !
-"p. The second set was plucked by
Hardy, with the s< ore "f six games to
three. Then Whitman braced again, win- !
ning the third set, 6 — l, but Hardy forced '
him to play until the perspiration rolling
fr.m the champion's brow made lakes in -
I!;- court. The fourth set was full of)
interest, hard play nnd closely contested
- Game by game, each man scoring :
them alternately, the score advanced un- !
ti! the board read five-all. Again the
rner pulled his waning strength to- i
gether and Sumner Hardy's rpitaph was !
written where a short time before were i
hopes, emblazoned on partial success, 1
for a victory over the tennis champion j
of America.
The scores of the day's play were as 1
follows:
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1899.
Start for the Flash titakes at Sacramento.
M D. Whitman beat Robert X. Whitney
5—3.' 4-6 6—2. 6—l.
D. Davis beat George Whitney, 6—2, 6—l
5—2
H. Ward beat Bam Hardy. S— 7. 3—6, 6 —
Gunner Hardy beat B. C. Wright, 7—5. 6—
Dwight Davis beat Sam Hardy, G— 6—l
' H Ward beat Robert N. Whitney, 6—4, 6—l
j i
13 C. Writrht beat George Whitney, 9—ll
;-2' B—6, 7—6.
M D. Whitman beat Sumnsr Hardy, 7—5
>_6. 6—*. 7—5.
The tournament will continue to-mor
-0 W. ■
BROOKLYN'S LEAD INCREASED.
Superbas Beat New York, and Bos
ton Meets Defeat.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs — W. L. Pet.! Clubs — W. L, Pet.
Brooklyn ...SI 96 .692 'Plttsburjr ...62 5S .517
Philadelphia 76 M .623 Chicago ....61 61 .500
P,oston 73 45 .619 Louisville ...53 60 .445
• more ...67 (8 .583 New Y0rk... 51 6-? .429
Cincinnati ..6? •■ "-■ Washington 41 77 .347
St. Louis.. CS 55 .553: Cleveland ...19 107 151
BROOKLYN. Sept. s.— The Brooklyns landed
on Carrick to-day for seventeen hits, Includ-
Ing two triples. New York presented a badly
crippled team, with two pitchers in the field
The game was called at the end of the seventh
inning on account of darkness. Attendance,
31C0. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 5 9 4
Brooklyn 10 17 1
— Carrick and Boyle: Dunn and ilc-
Gulre. Umpires — Emslle and Dwyer.
CINCINNATI, Sept. s.— The Reds hit Bates
bard in the first game and made their hits at
the right time in the second. Tucker and
Bates were given the usual notice of release
to-day. Attendance, 3100. Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 19 22 1
Cleveland 3 7 4
Batteries— Phillip* and Wood; Knepper and
McAllister. Umpires— Manassau and Connolly.
Second game:
Clubs— R. 11. E.
Cincinnati 9 12 4
Cleveland 7 12 3
Batteries — Friske and I'eiU; Colliflower and
McAllister. Umpires— Manassau and Connolly.
BOSTON. Bept. 5.— McGinety's curves were
too much for Boston to-day, while Nichols was
batted hard and often. The fielding- of both
teams was very amateurish, several bad erreors
being made. The base running of the BaJtl
mores was the cnl- feature. Attendance. 3100.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 4 6 8
Baltimore 8 16 4
Batteries— Nichols and Bergen; McGinety and
Robinson. Umpires— Snyder and McGarr.
CHICAGO. Sept. s.— The Orphans had con
siderably the better of a slugging match to
day. Both pitchers were batted, very hard.
The fielding was clean, many apparently base
hits being turned Into outs by swift work.
Attendance. 900. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 13 IS 2
I'lttsbursr 7 13 2
Batteries — Callahan and Donahue; Sparks and
Schriver. Umpires— O'Day and McDonald.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. s.— Jack FifleW, re
cently released by Philadelphia, -was signed by
Manager Irwin to-day and requested that he
fee allowed to pitch against his former com
rades. He made a pretty mess of it. being
pounded for twenty-one hits and passing ten
men to first. Attendance, 6730. Score:
Clubs— " R. H. E.
Washington 10 15 6
Philadelphia IS 21 2
Batteries— Fifield, Kittredge and Roach; Don
ahue and McFarland. Umpires— Swartwood
and Hunt. ■. «
ST. LOUIS, Sept. s.— Louisville made a Gar
rison finish in the ninth Inning to-day and
came very near winning. After the score was
tied. Hoy .singled to center and took second
on Berlin's fumble. Then Clark hit a lln
drive toward second that Wallace. Just did
reach in time to save the game. Called at the
end of the ninth inning on account of darkness.
Attendance, 525., Score: .
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 4 7 » 5
Louisville 4 12 3
Batteries— Cuppy and Schrecongost; Cunning
ham and Zlmmer. Umpires— Latham and Gaff
ney.
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur-
chased from all agents and
newsdealers at 5c per copy.
HOHENZOLLERN
FIRST FOR THE
FLASH STAKES
Defeat of Mt McGregor II at
Sacramento Puts a Crimp
in Many Bank Rolls.
Special Pi=ratch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. s.— The big crowd
at Agricultural Tark to-day witnessed
some gr< at sport and many close and ex
citing finishes, but the speculative ele
meni wis badly worsted in the battle
with the books. Beginning with Dakan
D, the top-heavy choice for the two-year
old pacing stake, every favorite right
down the line contributed toward sepa
rating the talent from its coin. Neeretta
was looked upon in the nature of a finch
•;• 2:16 trot, but the dilatory tactics
j of Brooks enabled H. Hogoboom to land
: honest-going Our Lucky winner in two
straight heats.
Then followed in the running events the
i crushing defeats of Aft. McGregor 11,
favorite for the Flash stake; The Scot
! and Libertine. On the latter horse the
b ks were besieged with oom. until they
finally turned their Blates toward ihe
walL
The weather was warm and balmy and
the track somewhat faster tor tin- har
nesa horses than on the opening day.
There were no perceptible hitches in the
programme, the crowd leaving lor borne
el . 6 o'clock.
Promptly at 1:30 the judges' bell tapped
out the three starters in me baby racing ;
event. In Dakan D, v shapely bay young- j
ster by Athadon, "Farmer" Owen of
i resno was supposed to possess another!
i Joe Wheeler and 3 to 6 \va.- laid against
the two-year-old. Volita, the Santa Kuan !
■•: Farm's candidate, was well sup
ported at even money, with Waldstein Jr.
the ra:ik outsider. They shot away to a
perfi i t start and Owen led the way with
the favorite until well :;ito the stretch,
where the pace told and the little fellow I
left his feet. Abies, behind Volita, then
had a lazj drive of it home, winning by
three lengths in 2:H. Waldstein
was not a contender.
The odds now shifted about, Votita en
plai c of honor In the books.
Once more "Farmer" Owens set a wet
sail with his youngster, but choppy
weather struck him again at the stretch
I turn, and, taking the l<--ad, \ olita won
I about as she pleased in 2:28%. Jn this
heat Waldstein Jr. grew very leg weary,
getting the distance Hag.
The downfall of the crack black mare
Neeretta In the 2:10 trot, two in three, was
wholly unexpected. The field was a largo j
one, and as the lavorite drew near tne i
outside position the wise ones concluded i
to play Our Lucky, the pole horse, for
the "opener." The latter closed favorite, j
while the price against Neeretta drifted
from evens to ?, to 2. The move was a
Wise one, for after Sable Francis had led
1 the- procession to the bend for home,
Hogoboom called on Our Lucky, and the |
Stocky bay won the heat comfortably by
a length from Addison. driven by Lefferty,
in . Brooks, silting behind Neeretta.
laid away among the tail enders until
striking the stretch, where the mare came
fast, nnishing a close third. Daymont and
Sue were distanced.
With her improved position In the heat
to foil >w. and her recent victories at Oak
land and Santa Rosa fresh in mind, the
talent now unleaded 'on Xeeretta at odds
of 3 to 0. Our Lucky's price remained at
6 to 5. In this heat Driver Hogoboom
showed himself to be a "teamster" above
the average. Rushing Our Lucky along,
he was first at the quarter by nearly a
length, trailed by Bonsaline. Neeretta and
Mamie Riley. When the half was reached
Sable Francis had dropped out and the
favorite moved up a peg. Turning into
the stretch. Hogoboom went wide with
Lucky, carrying Nperetta out into the
deep going. It cupped out under the lat-
I ter and Our Lucky again won cleverly by
I a length in 2:14%. Mamie Riley was a
: fair third.
The track was now given up to the run
i ners. Thi- Flash stake at six furlongs at-
I tracted a varied assortment of speed to
: the post, with the Burns & Waterhouse
t entry Mount McGregor II carrying 107
I pounds a 3 to 5 favorite. Of the other
starters, Novia and February were in
trusted with the most coin. To the
Btr< teh it was a two-horse race, the
favorite and Bamboulia setting: a heart
breaking clip. The latter snapped first. )
and a furlong from home Jones on Novia
tried to pasa McGregor next the rail. He I
was cut off. and while extricating him- I
self from the dilemma. Q. Morse came !
along on the 8 to 1 chance Hohenzollern.
winning hands down. The first choice I
lasted long enough to beat Novia a neck !
for th" place. February was well played, i
but Tulfett managed tn gf-t almost left at i
the post, not -in infrequent trick of his.
The winner was but slightly backed.
In the two-year-old scramble at five and
one-half furlongs, the j)ast clever pr-r- '
formances of Bathos were overlooked, the
big money going into the books on The |
Scot, with little Walsh up, at odds of 3 to \
5. If The Scot was possessed of any speed.
Walsh was utterly unable to make him •
■bow it, for he was nevr among the:
leaders. Duffy, astride Bathos, bustled
the Montana colt away in front, and,
stalling off the challenge of Midity in the
run to the stand, earned the verdict by a
neck. The last-named filly, a daughter ;
of Midlothian, will evidently bear watch
ing. Eddie Jones, on the BufToon, took
show honors.
The concluding number on the card, a
peven-furlong run, was a fierce betting !
affair. In the overnight betting, Alaria
was quoted at 3 to 1, but the tip on her
roved so contagious that at the track i
his afternoon 6 to 5 was about the best '
■aid. After opening up at even money, j
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO RACETRACK— Second Day of the Meeting of the
State Fair Association, Tuesday, September 5, 1899. Weather fine. Track
fast.
Starting Judge — Frank Covey.
FIRST RACE— Pacing- stake for two-year-olds; value, $350; mile heats, two in three.
Panta Rosa Stock Farm's b. f. Volita. by Beau Brummel-Carlotta Wilkes (Abies)... 1 l
Daken 15, b. g.. by Athadon (Owen) 2 2
Waldstein Jr., br. c, by Waldstein (W. Hogoboom) 3 dist
Time— 2:24, 2:2SH.
SECOND RACE — Trotting, 2:16 class; purse, $1000; mile heats, two In three.
Jacob Starr's b. h. Our Lucky, by Rajah-Dora (H. Hogoboom) l \
Neeretta. blk. m., by Neernut (Brooks) 3 2
Addison. Mk. g., by James Madittn <L*.fterty) 2 6
Mamie Riley, br m.. by McKlnney (limathan) 9 3
Sable Francis, blk. m., by Sable Wilkes (Spencer) 4 5
Ned Thome b. k.. by Billy Thornhill (Hellman) 5 4
Bhelby. b. £.. by Wiik»>s Moore (Rodriguez) g 7
Conn, b. h.. by Inca (Kelly) 7 s
Bonsaline, 1). m., by Stamboul (Bunch) s 9
Daymont, b. g., by Lynir.mt (W. Hogoboou) di?t
Sue, br. m., by Lynmont (Clark) jjst
Time— 2:lV-. 2:14 s *.
Presiding Judge— W. Wilson. Starter— R. Havey.
OO THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; the Flash Stakes; value, $610.
-*>• '
I I I Betting.
! Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Mm. 4m. 4m. Str. Fin. ; Jockeys. jOp. CI.
... Hohenzollern, 5 107 5 ... 4h 4h 4h 1 14 O. Morse 4 g
(14) Mt. McGregor, 6. ...107 3 ... lh In 11 2 1 Butler 3-5 3-;,
(IS) Novia. 4 107 6 ... 3h 34.32 32 Jones 4 4
II February. 5 104 9 ... Sh 8 1 SI 8 24 Tullett 4 7-2
IS Negligence, 4 122 1 ... 52 5 1 52 5n Blair ■ 15 50
... McFarlane, a 107 2 ... 61 6h 6 n 6 1 Mack'.in j 15 40
... Bamboulla. 2 91 4 ... 2 14 2 2 2 14 7 2 Coburn 6 7
... Petal, 3 101 8 ... 71 72 72 SS Bennett 5 <
... Ceruba. 2 113] 7 ... 9 9 9 9 |J. Ward [ S 2.)
Time— 1:154. Good start. Won easily. Winner, Elmwood Farm's b. h., by imp. Brutus-
Black Maria.
Of) FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. 4m. ',ira. • %m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. jOp. L' cK
... Bathos 112 1 ..." 11 114 1 1. lh IDuffy ..." I 3 3
... Midity 102 7 ... 6h 4 4 2 4 2 3 J. Ward... 4 s
(21) The Buffoon 107 2 ... 2 24 3 l 3 4 314 Jones i 4 4
21 Flush of Gold 102 1 6 ... 4 14 2 11 4 2 4 1 Golden .... | 6 10
23 Constellator 105 4 ... 7 1',, 7 14 5 14 5 3 Morse I 6 S
(7) The Scot 107 3 ... 5 1 6 14 7S 65 Walsh ' 3-5 7-1,)
23 El Arte 100' 5 ... 3h 5 2 6 4 7 10 Buchanan .... IS M
... My Secret ■..■■■■102 8 ... 8 8 8 8 Coll I 23 5.)
Time— 1:094. Perfect start. Won driving. Winner. J. J. Moran's eh. c. by imp. Bath-
ampton-Crisls. ■•
51 %IFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. 'Jra. 4m. «4m. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. JOp. *' CL
18 Mike Rice, 6 113! 3 ... lh 12 14 14 [Sullivan ~~ ~4 6
... Libertine, a HOI 2 • ... 4 24 2 14 2 1 2 n Snvder 1 4-5
... Meadow Lark. a... .107; 4 ... 3 4 3 14 1 I 3 2 Jones 4 *
... Alaria. 3 103 6 ... 5 6 4 14 3 h 4 4 Butler I 6-5 3-2
... Ace, a 11315 ... 6 6 6 5 58 6h Lloyd I 12. 40
19 Munsey, 3 96 7 ... 7 7 6 5 6 10 Ward 8jil5:
... Rossmore. a.... 110] 1 ... 2 2 5 10 7 7 'Duffy j 20 30
Time— 1:28. Good start. Won driving. Winner, T. E. McLaughlin's b. g., by J. H.
Featon-Mrs. McAllister.
EASY VICTORY
FOR BENDORAN
IN THE FLIGHT
California Horse Spreadeagles His
Field and Negotiates the Seven
Furlongs in Fast Time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. s.— There was only
one staJte on the card at Sheepshead to
day. the Flight, at seven furlongs, for all
agc-s and it resulted in tittle more than a
procession as Bendoran, the odds-on fa
vorite, spreadeagled his field and won as
he pieced with Sanders second and the
two-year-old McMeeWn third. Results:
Selling Futurity course— Krwln won. J^n sec
end Knight Bar.r.eret thirJ. Time. 1:12 3-5.
UUe— Arbacea won, (""f-n.-r:.; -Mart Gary sec
ond Mai third. Time. 1:42 3-5.
One mile and three-sixteenths— Asucena won.
M'-Leod of Dare second, The Devil third. lime.
" The Flight, Seven furlongs— Bendoran wnn,
Banders second, McMeekin thir-J. Time,
Hurdle handicap, one mile and three-auar
ters-BoTi Eder won. Hardy C second. Merlin
1 Five amTa' half 'f artongs, ?»lling-Ppace won.
Meehanus second, Sky Scraper thiru. lime.
BUFFALO X V.. Sept. s.— ln the third race
at Fort Krfe to-day Enr.f.ruia fini^hod right up
with Red Pirate in the first dead heat ot tne i
trackg history. The dead heat was run off
and Red Pirate had an easy tuno ■ - v.
Weather threatening; track good. Results:
Five and a half fnrkmga— Red ?napp'-r won,
John Poone second Ruxton third. Time. !:<»}*■
Four and a half furlong-May B won. Mr.
Brown second. Amaranth third. Time. : •■• «
One mile-Enn.-.mia and Red Pirate ran a
cif-ad heat. Cnopln third. Time. 1:41 t .
Run-off- Red I'irate won by five lengths.
Time. 1:46.
Pour and a half furlongs Fairy P»I1 won,
Ice Prop second. Grumbler third. Time, :sb.
Fix furlongs— Elsie Barne.s won, P.ideau sec
ond. Quaver third. Time. 1:15.
Five and a half furlor.e^ --< )ur Lizzie won,
Flop second. r r y?talline third. Time, 1: .
St. Paul Race Results.
ST. PAUL, Sept. The conditions of tracK
and weather at the Minnesota State Fair in the
grand circuit races to-day were of the best
and good sport resulted. Results:
2:26 trot, mile heats, best three in five, purse
$1000, divided— Carrie Shields won in straight
heats. Time, 2:ls>i. 2:13};, 2:1.1 V Dainty Daffo
was second and Vyzeoff third. Free Silver,
Lady Scott, Etola and Monitor also started.
2:30 pace, purse $1000. divided— Dan Patchen
won in straight heats. Time, 2:15%. 2:15%.
2:17. Abbott Hill was second and O'Grady
third. B B P. lea and Julia N also started.
2:10 trot, mile heats, purse 81000, divided-
Tommy Britton won in straight heats. Time.
2:l2 L i, 2:12, 2:12. Dr. Leek was second and
Caracalle third. Sir Charles, Avendor, Green
leaf and Little Edgar also started.
Half-mile heats, running, purse $200— Marble
Rock won. Melody second. Time, :S0& .10,
:50*i.
■ » ■
Will Entertain a Volunteer.
The members of the Triton Swimming '
and Boating Club will entertain Joseph ;
P. Heilbron, who returned with the First ,
California Regiment from the Philippines. i
The affair will be held in the club rooms. |
foot of Montgomery avenue, to-morrow
evening. There will be music, dancing and i
refreshments. The affair is in charge of
Dan H. Everett, George W. Blum, Stan
ley Adderley, I. Citron and Arthur Bar
ing.
0-*-<*v-4~3>-»-<s>-»-<s>-*-<e> -♦-<!>-♦- <S>-*-O j
i
,
!
'
j
|
j
,
the price against Libertine touched 8 to
5. when a plunge compelled the ring to
swipe to 4 to 5. Meadow LarK and Mike
Rice also had many friends. At the start
Tommy Butler on Alaria was unfortunate
in getting away poorly, which ultimately
contributed to the filly's downfall. Sulli
van, with the leg up on Mike Rice, sifted
away in the lead, trailed by Snider on
Libertine, This was the order into the
stretch." the two leaders being there join
ed by Alaria and Meador Lark. Sullivan
put up a superb ride on Rice, holding his
mount ■well together, and in a gruelling
drive, led Libertine over the wire a scant!
half-length, with Meadow Lark at their
saddle skirts. It was an "eagle bird" for
the books.
Following are the entries for to-mor
row's events:
Pacing-, 2:20 class; mile heats, three In five.
John A. I Connie.
Trotting, 2:22 class; mile heats, three In five.
Lynall. ' | Sybil S.
Dora Doe, Maud Newman,
Lottie, Alex B.
Azalla,
Dewey selling stake; one mile.
Nilgar 1031 Jennie Reid 106
Mldlove ......100|
One.and a. sixteenth miles; selling:.
Donator 96 Lady Hurst 102
Nonchalance 96 Fortis 91
Twinkle Twink 104 New Moon 98
Cromwell 110 Padre Jose 103
Col. Dan 9S
Six furlongs; selling.
Isabel 1091 Correct 106
Black Orphan 98! Manzanilla 109 '
Magnus 109 ; Panamlnt 106 ,
Mafoda 112; Semper Leon 101
Swltzer 107
Court Sutro Heights.
To-morrow night Court Sutro Heights
will, after Its meeting in Native Sons'
Hall, tender a reception to Sergeant W.
H. Clancy, one of its members, who re
turned with the First California Volun
teers.
WEST
MEN WHO SAVED
THE CLUB ARE
NOW IGNORED
Nominating Committee of Bay
City Wheelmen Make a Ciea-
Sweep of the Old
Officers.
The nominating committee appointed at
the recent annual meeting of the Bay City
Wheelmen, met last night to select a
board of eleven rectors for the ensuing
; year. The committee la composed of
seven members— Henry L. Day Frederick
Boeckmann. W. 11. Welch, Benjamin Ray
naud. "Waiter McDonald, Theodore C,
Dodge and Thomas S. Hall. They got
down to business quickly, and, in spite of
the fact that the past year has been th.;
most successful the club has enjoyed
since 1592, proceeded to oust the entire
preceding board of eleven, with the ex
ception of four. The nominating commit
tee then elected three of its own person
nel to serve on the new board — Messrs.
Bopckmann, McDonald and Day, though
it must be said to Mr. Day's credit that
he urgent!v requested that his name be
left ■.:'. The entire board was finally se
lected, as follows: Frank 11. Kerrigan.
Frank H. Waiters Jr., Archie Reid, Henry
L. Day, Frank W. Smith. George Star.g
i enberger. Frederick Boeckmann Jr., Wal
ter McDcnald. Austin Kanzee, S. B. Vin
cent end Edward D. Mendell.
It will be a matter of extreme regret
among the better class of members of the
club that President E. F. Fahrbach, Sec
retary E. N. Creigh and Captain A. J.
Menne, who managed the club so success
fully during the past year as to take I*.
out of debt, put money In th bank and
increase the membership 10 per cent,
should have been overlooked by the nom
inating committee in its wild pursuit
for office: but it is only another example
of the lack of gratitude the members h-r. •
always shown toward the club's most
ardent workers.
There is still one hope left for the club,
and that is that Henry L. Day will consent
to serve as president. Under his guidance
I its affairs would run along smoothly, but
! it is certain that neither Kerrigan. Wal
! ters nor Reid of the old board will take
the office-, and none of the new members
1 are suited for the position. The club's af
| fairs have apparently reached a crisis.
The Bay Citj, Wheelmen held a five-
J mile handicap tandem road race last Sun
i day from San Leandro to Haywards, in
; conjunction with its run. to Mission San
i Jose. It was a desperate ride, and con
■ sidering the condition of the road the time
made was excellent. The following shows
the positions of the finish and the time
i made:
t II Net
§ Ridlrg
; Riders. Handicap. Time.
1 1 Davidson brothers Scratch. 11:12 3-5
2 Nye and. Rusac :30 11:49 2-5
3 Ryan and Fleming 1:00 12:19 3-5
I Kelly and Longwill... :15 11:34 4-5
5 Dezert and Lind Scratch. 11:34 1-5
6!Marisch and Kelly 1 :45 12:15 2-5
BUSINESS MEN ARE SHY.
No Rush, to Enroll Their Names as
Supervisors.
R. V. Whiting, John F. Renault. M
rice Lowenstein, John H. Grady, L'
F. Bartlett, P. H. McCarthy and A. i
Thompson, comprising the committee '.
seven recently appointed to select Demu
cratic nominees for the Board of Super
visors, met last night at the Columbian
tuilding. The session was slightly In
formal and in no sense secret. Several as
pirants for nomination, among them Au
gust Tillman. P. M. Weilin, I. L. Houser
and Clitus Barbour, attended. The com
mittee has not yet determined whether
only eighteen names or a larger list will
be presented to the convention. It is
noted 'hat. there is no rush of leading
business men for the honor of serving the
city on the Board of Supervisors. Special
effort may be required to get the most de
sirable men to accept nomination.
■r.el William J. Bryan of Nebraska,
accompanied by Colonel \V. W. Foote of
California, will arrive in the city this
forenoon. Preparations have been made
by the Iroquois Club and other Demo
cratic societies to give Colonel Bryan a
rousing reception. The c.vent has awak
ened much interest in Democratic po
litical circles, as neariy allSof the states
men of that faith predict that Bryan will
again be the nominee of his party for the
Presidency. Colonel Bryan will address
the people at Woodward's Pavilion this
evening.
THE PERALTA CLAIM.
Attorneys on All Sides Preparing to
Dispute the Claim to the
Tidelands.
The case of the United States against
Vicente Peralta was called in the United
States District Court yesterday morning,
but a continuance was granted until Octo
ber 4 on account of the non-arrival of
certain documentary evidenct from
Washington. Henry S. Brown and John
Foulds represented the Southern Pacific
Company, W, A. Dow. the City Attorney
of Oakland, appeared on behalf of the
city of Oakland. United States District
Attorney Coombs and Assistant United
States Attorney Wood worth appeared on
behalf of the Government and Boyd &
Fifield appeared for Mrs. Gwin.
The case comes up for final disposition
on the petition of Mary E. H. Gwin. filed
a few weeks ago and published in The
Call. Mrs. Gwin represents the grantees
of the Peralta grant in the counties of
Contra Costa and Alameda. and asks
that the Commissioner of the General
Land Office he instructed to give her a
patent for all the lidelands below high
water mark on the Oakland estuary and
other portions of Oakland's water I
NERVOUS, DESPAIRING
LADIES,
Da not suffer
*rt.» ■£'?>■ ■ «nd
otV; r >_^ Nervcu^e <* "
—^A^kit "<^S w ' ** ai>r.e.<s,
Km J^HteSQs^CsX
KJ^B^RSkf i- ■■■ —
I er-
Hr ■ i ~ -^MH
m\ A 1 ' \ 1 ■ th* bot-
I^b'V/' v " r'i »a^H ein-
mm mm. fm. x 'Jl " H
US "■B. ) 7'lH
BRa
fv A IE
I'B^ / V StS /ggPy Hay
jH nk ' ' I pale
BBfA ! f aoe i ! ■-
!■/ fIBB ii"^ ' I wn-
- vSaaniß \ : .'*-
'{^^■k digestior. iFU-
IWB liver ■
SSnHISIHSK > '■' ' ■ a!l
Kff • -I ,. "— . wSm^^f^ * surfer with fe-
TJU^' V '7?Tna c l male weak-
««-Jw^ w i\\ \\ , bcm in any
W •+£ -V - 3 4^ form. Hud-
N l 3 '' van promptly
M Ifh relieves these
--■■ JB » y in pt o 111 » ■
"^■F-— jUk Hudyan is a
•^ boon to ladies
who suffer
with painful or irregular periods, mucous dis-
charges, pain in back and over abdomen, that
all-gone feeling, dragging and bearing-down
pains. Hudyan cures.
Hudyan produces clear, rosy complexions, a
good appetite, a general glow of health. Many
nervous conditions are due to female weak
Hudyan cures, and permanently.
Hudyan is for sale by druggists— so cents a
package or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep Hudyan. sent
direct to the Hudyan Remedy Co., corner
Stockton. Ellis and Market sts., San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN* DOCTORS ABOUT
TOT-R CASE— FREE OF CHARGE. CALL OB
WRITEPUBLIC SCHOOL
SUPERINTENDENT
FILES A REPORT
Increase in Average
Attendance.
LAST YEAR'S ROLLS STUFFED
TWO NEW SCHOOLS ADDED AND
FOUR ABOLISHED.
Department Has Four More Teachers
a Ye.-.r Ago. but Eighteen
Are IT a assigned and Draw
No Salaries.
Superintendent of Schools R. H. Web
ster filed his annual report with the
Board of Supervisors yesterday. The re
port contains a vast amount of informa
tion concerning the School Department of !
this city, and the facts are arranged in i
a remarkably clear and comprehensive
form. The report shows, among other
things, that San Francisco now conducts
but ninety schools, whereas las year the
number was ninety-two. The change in ;
these figures is the result of abolishing I
four evening schools and the establish- j
ment of one new grammar and one new
primary schcol.
The total enrollment this year is 45.570,
an apparent decrease from the enroll- j
ment of a year ago. but the stuffing of
the rolls by the old board, or with it* !
sanction, was so notorious that the com
parison signifies nothing. Again, the fig
ures give the total number of pupils be
longing to the schools last year as 0T,225.
with an average daily attendance of 3.5,11(5.
This year the total number of pupils :
actually attending school is S>.lC*l. and the j
average daily attendance is G6.?40.
The average monthly wages of the men
teachers in the grammar and primary
grades is 5134 and for women teachers
S7£; in the high schools the average for
men is $!•£ and for women $121. Four
principals of grammar schools of eighteen
classes receive $?» each per month, and |
four high school principals receive $250
each per month. There are 1015 regular
teachers with classes in the department;
thirty-six substitute day teachers, five
substitute evening school teachers and
eighteen teachers who are una^signed md
draw no salary— a total of 1074 as com
pared with 10TO a year ago. During the i
year two teachers resigned, ■'-■ dree
were dismissed, fourteen were dropped "
because their positions were abolished.
two were placed on the retired list and
two died, cringing the total number ia
the department down to IW7. From June
30, 1898, to June SO. I*9o. sixty-seven new
teachers were elected, making the total
number of teachers of ail classes <includ-
Ing the eighteen unassigned teachers) up
to 1074.
The following tables show the distri
bution of teachers and pupils among the
various schools and the total number of
each on the rolls of the department:
Total enrollment— IS9B. 1599.
,«an Francisco Normal 5ch001.... 133 M
li:s?h School 1.365 1.254
Polytechnic H'zh School 731 Sl4
Grammar and primary schools — 40.74$ 4 r >.r74 ;
Evening schocis " -4 6.258
Totals 50.101 45.570
Total averape number of p-upils
belonging to the schools 37,2^3 £S,ISI
Average daily attendance —
Normal school US 120
Ktph School 1.043 1.153
Polytechnic High School ?<27 i«SO
Grammar anl primary schools 3>~>.«3.> S!.>iil
Evening schools 2.553 3 25
Total 35.116 35.940
NUMBER OF TEACHERS IN THE DEPART
MENT.
Men. Wcmen. Total.
Hierh Schocls CLo-well.
Girls' and Mission IS 26 44
Polytechnic K:sh school ....110 14 124
Grammar <ir.clui:r.g vice
principal*) 10 27? 2*5
Primary - *$- *54
Evening 44 S3 133 '
Grammar and primary
(without classes) "- 43 57
Vnassigned and substitute
day teachers 1 c 3" <
K*?u!ar substitutes (even-
Uie schools 14 5
Physical culture * ... Z
Manual training I ... 2.;.
History 1 I I
Sowing 5 °
Totals 1« 572 1.C74
Number of principals In
cluded ia totai 25 64 £■>
Number of principals not
required to teach classes... 22 45 67
Nurr.br of vice principals
incltded In total 14 24 Z$
Superintendent Webster also filed his
annual report as secretary of the Teach
ers' Annuity and Retirement Fund Com
mission. The report shows that the re- j
cipts during the past year were 117.574 4*,
which with S-W 97 on hand at the be
jrinnine of the -. ear amounted to a total j
of J23 $21 43. The disbursements for the i
«=ame period were JIT - S 5 . leaving a bal
£i« nn hand June 30, I*<*. of JSW6 06.
Contributors to the fund include .3S
teachers who pay $1 a month each and i
141 teacher 3 who pay 50 cents a month
each Seventeen teachers are drawing
annuities ranging from $23 to %■» a month.
ANNUAL REPORT OF
ASSESSOR DODGE
Assessor Dodgre led his annual report
with the Board of Supervisors yesterday.
It is a lengthy affair and attached to it
is a copy of a long report to the Sur
veyor General of the State in the form of
a list of the manufacturing establish
ments in the city, with the number of
employes ar.d the total value of the
product in each clays. '
Recording to the Assessor's figures the
a*s«»s<=ed personal property (secured and
unsecured) amounts to a total of 5122,4<6.
--«"l The figures on the real estate roll
foot upIS2S,46S.TO. of which U5? .072^52
iva« assessed against land and J%>3.120
asainst improvements. The assessment
of personal property poured and un s :
cured) last year was »^.;^.^ while the
r-al estate roll footed up $252,<65.i30. The
entire assessment a year ago. real estate
and personal property, was J302.34-i .r^l,
against $407.442,<3S this year, an increase
for 1539 of $55,tf«.627. The tax on personal
property (unsecured) for the year 189*
was J525.60* 1S and the poll tax »2.217.
whil* the total for the year lS9s was
J50»i.604. ■J:--.J-^-.
The Assessor states that the expenses
of his office for the fiscal year were J112,
--631 35. all of which, with the exception of
J3151 53 was for salaries. The amount
paid out during this period for extra help
was $75,334 S6. but the Assessor states
that while this Is an unusual amount
that portion paid out during: that part of
the fiscal year coming under his adminis
tration was no more than the customary
allowance.
The appended report to the Surveyor
Genera] shows there are 23 manufactur
ing industries In San Francisco, whose
acmaai product equals or exceeds
B ''■ •■ ar* 3 cracker manufac
tories with an annual product valued at
11.500 ,000; * chemical works, product val
ued at $1,500,000; 27 clothing factories,
product J1.50O.0O0; five electric light com
panies, product 12.000.000: 11 flour, feed
and meal mills, product $2,50<>,000: 40 foun
dries and machine shops, product J" • -
: wool scouring and grading houses,
product $2,000,000; two wire and wire rope
manufactories, product $1,000,000: 34 book
binderies, product S.,iJuO,<»J: 30 breweries
product $3,000,000; 27 coffee, spice and
chocolate mills, product $3,000,000; 315
cigar manufactories, product $1,750,000;
9 fruit canning and preserving factories,
product $3 ■ - • ries, product
$3,000,000; 25 giass factories, product
$1 • ■ millinery a product
$3 100.000; " pi vision packing nous.-?,
product $2 '■■ ■ • manufactories,
$1,200.0 i - product
ma • es. product
$1,300,000: 1 sug-r - product J14.211.
--516: 3 tanneries, pro I ' S
: mufactories,
product I "
Report of Almshouse Superintendent.
i^nt of the
City . ■ se for the
was filed with
the Board of S
s that the to) for the
month wen $7494 20 of » : —
'.
FRENNA'S COOLNESS
SURPRISED A WITNESS
PRELIMINARY HEARING OF J. F.
TURNERS MURDERER.
Four Witnesses Examined, but Noth
ing of Importance Added to
What Is Already Known.
The ; reiiminary examination of Joseph
P. Ftt-nr.a. charged with th< murder of
James ' 1 real estate agent, in
the Cr - r lilding, was resumed before
:ay, Attorney
:;ns appei- --^cial
tor I Attor ■ mer for the
Nothing • • was
■ - •
r testified to having
been called from his office on the fifth
floor to examine Turner's body.. When he
reached the body Turner gasped once or
twice and died.
Walter J. Andrews, a manufacturer's
agent, whose office is on the third floor,
near the elevator, testified that he was
dictating letters to his stenographer when
he heard a shot, followed by four others.
The first four ere in rapid succession,
but there was a slight pause between the
fourth and fifth. He went out of his
office and saw the defendant standing in
the corridor, and Turner or. the floor.
lying on his face. Some one turned the
body over.
John R. Keefe, superintendent of the
building, testified that he heard the five
shots, and when he reached the scene
there was a cloud of smoke. Turner was
on the floor and the defendant was stand
ing near the body. The defendant was so
very cool that witness looked around to
see who had done the shooting, never sus
pecting him. The defendant said: "I did
ft to defend myself." Witness ran for Dr.
Spencer, and on his return saw the de
fendant give a pistol to Policeman Ross.
Archibald 'all urn, whose office la in
room 27 with A. B. Paul, the witness who
testified on Saturday, testified practically
the same as Paul. Witness asked the
defendant, as he pointed to Turner's pros
trate body. "Who is that?" and the de
fendant replied: "That is Turner; he
said he was going to k:ii me and I had to
protect myself." Defendant asa him to i
keep 'a letter for him. which was intro
duced in evidence, and proved to be a
letter from a surveyor ImLassen County
as to certain lands being in Shasta Coun
ty owing to a change in a recent survey
of the boundary between the two coun
ties. In cross-examination he said that
defendant had been in the habit of coming
to his office to see Mr. Gregory in !
the mornings. from 9 to 9:30 o'clock. The
examination will be continued this morn
ing.
CROWDS AT THE FAIR.
A Silver Invitation for William J
Brvan.
Increased crowds at M-chanics' Pavilion
attest the growing popularity of the Fair
The exhibits are now ir. good shape and
present a beautiful appearance under the
myriads of lights.
The board of directors had an extended
meeting last night and among other bus
iness transacted they decided to send to
Hon. William J. Bryan a silver plate of
invitation asking him to visit the Fair
Thursday. As Mr. Bryan will be here to
day instead of Thursday he is expected to
visit the Fair this afternoon.
During last evening the band rendered
the following programme:
1 Overture. "Siese of Rocfcelle" Balfe
2 March, •"West End" Bellstedt
j' Walt*, "Chine** Lantern" IV A- y
/ Patrol "Brownies" Meacham
B Selection. "Wizard of the Nile".. ..Herbert
«' Solo for cornet Ml*s Alice Raymond
7 Scenes from "Lohengrin" Wagner
l" Galop "Jockey Club" Bach
9' Gavotw. "Abschied" Kappejr
19. Ballet, Suit*. "Fautt" * ...Oouowd
THE SAZN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1899.
BEAR FLAGS ARE
ASTIR FOR SONS
OF CALIFORNIA
Santa Cruz Decked in
Gay Attire.
DUBOCE A GUEST OF HONOR
CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS WILL
BE IN ATTENDANCE.
Transportation Committee of tha Na
tive Sons Makes an Important
Change in the Leaving of
Saturday's Special.
Colonel Victor Duboce. command
ing the First California Volunteers.
Major Boxton of that regiment and
Major Bice, commanding the Cali
fornia Heavy Artillery, •will be the
guests of honor of the executive
committee of the citizens of Santa
Cruz during the celebration of the
Native Sons of the Golden West in
that city. The invitation, which was
brought to this city by Milton Besse,
grand marshal of the order, was con
veyed to the officers at the Presidio
yesterday by L. F. Byington. presi
dent of the joint committee, and
James P. Dockery, marshal of the
San Francisco parlors. Several hun
dred of the volunteers have also sig
nified their intention of witnessing
the State's big birthday party, and
will leave on Friday in a special
train.
If Grand President Frank Mattlson and
Grand Marshal Milton Besse are to be be
lieved everyone in Santa Cruz has quit
his usual occupation and gone to getting
gloriously ready for the Native Sons. All
sorts of red. white and blue tales of what
Santa Cruz and her hospitable citizens
intend to do when the big special train
gets In there on the evening of the Bth,
have been floating this way since the ex
citement started, but nothing in the way
of a definite announcement had been made
until Grand Marshal Besse, who Is also
Sheriff of the County, got up here Wed
nesday night and declared himself. The
sale of round-trip tickets since that time
has doubled Itself.
The Santa Cruzans have not taken into
their calculations that the Natives are
going to provide a considerable part of
their own entertainment but have gone
ahead Just as though they were expected
to do the whole thing. They have Just
finished dumping several thousand dol
lars Into the mouth of the San Lorenzo
and the result is that that stream has
been converted into a lake which, after
it has been strung over with thousands
of vari-colored Incandescent lights, will
be lie scece oX lie big water carnival I
which la scheduled to take place on Mon
day night next.
Just who is to be queen of the carnival
is not yet determined; Miss Anna Lm
scott, the beautiful daughter of J. A.
Llnscott. Superintendent of the Schools of
the county, and Miss May Baldwin,
daughtet of L. K. Baldwin, the Santa
Cruz banker, and a prominent Native
Daughter, are running very close together
in the lead and only the last of the week
will teU the story.
By Friday evening Pacific avenue, the
main street, will be aflutter with flags
and eav bunting. Under the direction of
R. H. Pringie, chairman of the decora
tion committee, and Enoch Alzina. that
w rk has already begun . ■ ey 13
being spared upon It. Carl Kratzenstein,
~rnan of the accommodation commit
u wired ar. assurance to this city
that no native need cast about for an
empty dry-BO" ■> xp r vacant lamp post;
will be rooms for everyone and no
danger of a repetition of the unhap: x
perience of some of those who did not
take their lodgings with them to Santa
Crux's first carnival. The work of getting
guests to their rooms will fall upon Mr.
Kratzenstein and H. J. Bias, chairman of
the reception committee. The city has
been divided into eight districts and a
force of small I to act as guides
in each section. The financing of the
ne has faHen largely on the should
•' Mayor Lamb. W. D. Haslam. cash
ier of the City Bank, and L. Foster Young
of the Bank of Santa Cruz County.
The programme at the Santa Cruz end
of the line - ' ■ *•* arranged is as tol-
W8: Friday night— Parade and flre
- ~ fr.'>m the Union Depot up Pa> Ific
avenue to general headquarters. Satur
day—Parade of military and civic orgar.!
--s and Pai - ' ■ Native Sons
and Daughters and in the evening, liter
receptions at the vari-
Sui i the festive
native may have it any way he likes: on.
. ie of the railway track at the beach
be a ?acred concert and on the
other - • " -' ball game. On M n
day mcrning Ralph Miller is going to quit
selling bathing suits at the Xeprun?
Baths" and spend his time superintending
the biggest clam-bake and bulls"-head
breakfast the town ever projected. On
Monday evenine will occur the b!g ever.t.
the Venetian Water Carnival on the
Lagunlta.
Lewis F. Byington and Grand Marshal
Docker\- spent yesterday in closing with
lifroad company final arrangements
; "- trans] rtation. Th-ir visit to the b!g
building resulted in one important change
the notice of which every
orie v* tends going to Santa Cruz oil
Saturday morning should cutout and paste ; '
in his hat, or on his valise, or somewhere I
else where he will see it often enough to
bear it in mind. All of the posters that ;
have been issued, and the tickets them- '
selves, state that the special train on '
Saturday morning will leave at 7:43 '
o'clock. The hour has been changed to
6:43. just one hour earlier, and no matter
what the posters and tickets say the train
will leave at that time.
This change was made necessary by the
fact that the parade in Santa Cruz will
form at 11 o'clock, fully an hour before
the morning' train would have arrived. !
The revised schedule is as follows:
September B— From San Francisco: All I
trains, broad and narrow gauge, also spe- '
cial train from ferry landing at S:3O p. m.
From Oakland and Aiameda: All trains
narrow gauge, also special train from
Fourteenth and Franklin streets at S:3G
p. m.
September &— From San Francisco: Via .
narrow gauge. 6:45 and 8:15 a. m. ; via
broad guage. Third Street Depot, 9 a. m.
From Oakland and Alameda: Morning
narrow gauge trains.
ATHENS IN LINE.
Alam?da's Baby Parlor Prom- j
ises Something New and
Novel,
Athens Parlor. No. US, N. 8. G. W., is !
the youngest parlor in Aiameda county.
At the last celebration the parlor created i
1 a decided sensation by the novel features j
it introduced in the parade, and the boys '
of Athens were complimented on the fine
appearance they made. This year they I
do not propose to be outshone by any of •
the local parlors and will be recognized
in the parade by reason of the novelties I
they propose to have in line. From the i
enthusiasm manifested the committee
feels that the entire membership will be
in line.
The following costume has been sub- I
mitted by the committee for the consid- j
eration of^he members. White duck coat !
and trousers, white golf cap. blue vestlet
and blue bow tie. The members will also
wear with these a white shirt, standing
collar and white shoes. Each member
will carry a white parasol with poppy rib
bon trimmings. The regulation poppy
color badge will also be worn. A band of
I twelve pieces will accompany the parlor
I to Santa Cruz and help entertain their
I many friends at their headquarters at the
I Pacific Ocean House.
The Ninth of September Committee
from Athens Parlor consists of J. N. I '
Fogarty, chairman, and Benjamin F. '
Woolner and F. A. Losh, and are working '
zealously to make Athens' part in th« 1
celebration a success. (
The past presidents of this parlor are: ,
W. S. C. Schmidt. Benjamin F. Woolner .
C. H. Olllnger. C. D. Maloney. L. A. Hln- '
man, W. E. Farno. J. N. Fogarty, C. H. '
Green and Milton G. Perkins, the latter a •
•an of United States Senator Perkjju. jj
STEEL FAMINE
AFFECTS NAVY
A Marked Advance in
Prices Noted.
SHIP - BUILDING IS DELAYED
CONTRACTORS UNABLE TO FIN
ISH THEIR WORK.
Several Firms Make Applications for
Extension of Time and New
Bids Exceed CongTess'
Limit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Sept. s.— The r.avy is
beginning to feel seriously the effect- of
the heavy advance in the steel market.
To-day the shipbuilding firm of Laily &
Co. of Boston asked for a year's exten
- : from October 1 in building the tor
pedo-boat? Delong ar.d Blakeley. now un
der construction in their yards. The Nlx
• - at F";zab<cthport. N. J.. who are
; building the torpedo-boats Nicholson and
j O'Brien, have stated to the naval officials
! that it is impossible for them to get forg
-- ... - : its and :• Is expected that
: they will ask for an extension. There are
, twelve of the torpedo-boats and destroy
; ers under construction in various yards,
: and all are affected by the "steel famine"
i and the heavy prices, so it is expected
j that extensions will be asked on all these
craft.
The prospect is that the bids on the six
protected cruisers to be opened on No
-r i will be much higher than was
expected when the appropriation for them
was made. It is roughly estimated
that the steel in hulls has advanced
it 50 per cent, in engines 40 per cent, in
I boilers 3>> per cent, and the average ad
vance on all classes of steel used in ships
Is about 35 per < - I
The engineering bureau has also felt the
advance, not only in increased prices but
in an inability to get material and build
ings inside the limit rixed by Congress.
On a recent purchase of electric cranes
the advance was found to be about 25 per
cent. In the contracts for material for
•wer plant at New York the increase
i ranged fr □ I 60 per cent, the latter
applying to engines.
The bureau of yards and docks is un
able to proceed with a number of building
ecta at navy-yards and stations owing
to the advance in ste*J. This is the case
as to the large buildings at the New York
N ivy-yard, all the bids being in ex
the amount allowed by Congress. The
: same is true of the ordnance shops at the
L^agrie Island yard. Philadelphia, and of
ral lesser projects.
Civil Engineer Cunningham of the bu
reau of yards and docks says structural
■tee! has advanced 100 per cent and in
some cases 390 per rent. Admiral O'Neil
of the bureau of ordnance says ordnance
is about the only branch not affected by
:~e in steel. Gunmetal is used only
by the army and navy, so that there is
no commercial demand to send up the
prices.
COME TO REVIEW THE
ARCHITECTURAL VIEWS
HEER JUNGHAEXDEX IS HERE
FROM BERLIN.
The Famous Expert Emphasizes the
Importance of the Competition
for the University of Cali
fornia Buildings.
The interest which the international
competition for the Phebe Hearst plan of
the University of California arouses in
America as in Europe ie manifested by
the presence In this city of Herr Max
Junehaendel, the architect and author
from Berlin. He came in compliance to
the request of leading European art re
views to criticize the results of the com
petition. Herr Junghaendel has perhaps
traveled more than any other architect
and has seen nearly every architectural
creation of importance which Europe, the
Orient and America have produced. He
had to see them with the eye of a critic,
having to select the best for the costly
works he edited and which, for the care
ful selection and artistic reproduction of
the objects, are considered the foremost
of their class. Herr Junghaendel is at
present engaged in the preparation of a
large work on the achievements of mod
ern American architecture, which is in
great demand in Europe and which he
believes will be the most interesting one
he ever edited. He gained his spurs by
the excellent criticisms he wrote twelve
years ago on the international competi
tion for the facade of the Milan Cathe
dral. With reference to the present com
petition, he said yesterday:
"As an architect I am naturally highly
Interested in it. There is no doubt that
this competition is the greatest one to
which architects of all the world ever
have been invited. It is as much the
magnitude of its design to create the larg
est and most perfect university in the
world as the unusual generosity of its
execution which make this competition
for surpass any other one. Never be
fore were architects confronted with such
a gigantic scheme and had to puzzle with
THE ZMPOBIUM.
J The Wonderful Musical Fletcher. *
£ A great musical genius, playing all sorts of *
» strange instruments. Free performances daily *
* from 10 to 12 a. m. and 2 to 5 p. m., in Exhibi- *
* tion Hall, second floor. <*
t t/!dmission Ooldcnßnlc Bazaar. Qj,* - J
* Djy. C^rafini4si-«GCSE=4Mfl^j^fi4rtDKr.s7D^ Saturday. ?
J Wednesday Only. Wednesday Only. .J
* Collar' j/ s . Blankets— airs^ l7 r £
I e##es, <H\ j 52.6*5 ps/r. I^^ j
? QQC (^^^*v^ California wool by California artisans, a J
* Mopli « \^ " J I guarantee of their qualities, weight 4 X
£ eaCimm ! °5. siza 62x76 inches, regular price ,g
•> We offer 10 dozen t^^^^C^i $3.50 pair — special to-day only, rer
* Liberty Silk k£&) *" •$"" pair $2*65
♦ Collarettes, *J^ — p ♦
J n-ade in latest WJ&&M i-s WfdtlP^inv Onfv 5
J style, extra ,J?SS»^ eaneSClClV VIW. *
full, with ac- j W^§^l^ v Men S 25 (* We offer *
» cordeon plaited - \^^ V? cn ** a ** for thl s 5
♦ Ties of same P^ ! tSOSe fOr MO Cm day only ♦
♦ material : regu- !-\& 420 pairs of Men's New Striped "Fancy ♦
♦ lar price $l-2o : jt . Socks. These are the proper thing now. *
J each 89C Patterns are bright am new, fresh from Z
t New York City — regular 25c value? — ,4.
» Wednesday Only. per pair „ ieo «
♦ 2 erf 7 _ fcTiio y ped pat cd e g " Wednesday Only. I
♦ BOY/ IS, 7 Cm Crystal Berry Garden For this day only «
J Bowls; those < I <^^S^32e^t ; »» *#*• *> y we offer another lot X
that are «^_° g^^) rmOSCa £Cm of good and reliable +
ft ularly 12c Garden Hose (about 1250 feet only), +
ft each — for \>§s. «^/ some of which sold at 12^c the foot ; ♦
♦ this day : cut to any length desired — per foot. .7o ♦
t Wednesday Only. M n l s j a " O " l m I
i Picture *»« «* '"- • •*•«» * rreS° eS vSSb* *
♦ ff^tftSS ~ x9 inche3 outside "*** &l ***■£* ton Shoes, ♦
? **«■»*■*•«* measure; assorted coin toes, *
M* fancy CDlored patent -leath- f<-^H J
... er tips, sewed v^ ?»* 1 ?
mats, With Seii^, 6 go!es> V^ 1 J
square cabi- workmanship X". V* I ♦
natsize open- and material J"-_ VI \ "#"
ings, large :of the highest N. .%\ *
. , ... quality, size; N, isT^A ♦
handsome gilt 2% ' to VA^sV *
corners, easel sold regularly Ml?X T^* l^%fe te _ *
back, regu-^ at $2.50 the N>_ I
larly 75c pair— special
each"- for) this on! 7 $/-47 I
this day only *
_. 43c Wednesday Only. *
I Wednesday Only. Minings, lawwutod ••• ♦
t Groceries— These ve "^ tic yarn, skirt Limn*. Mack J
ft Mi wuci ie» medal offer- ground, w: - itnpes in new pretty col-
♦ LiUUOrSm ings for thi- °" ? 3 regularly 15c and 20c yard— on 4.
J day only. Send name and address for special sale to day only, per yard...//O
ft new grocery catalogue for September. ♦
» #/ams- Emporium Eastern, 1b. .12-. c Wt>dnp<idav Only 2
» Table Fru/te-Balance of an as- yvediieSddV Utll}. «
♦ sorted 5000-cin lot that retails regu- Children* S Children's estrs J,
♦ lariv at 13c, 15c and 20c can — to-day %*^^a <m mr — heavy fleece J
♦  lOC VeStS, MO Cm Heed Vests, pat- J
J Claret— Regularly 50c gall r... 350 ent finished seam?, neck drawn with silk
ft Old Crow Bourbon— Reeu'arly tap«, ecru color only, regularly 25c per «
ft ?i.35 bottle— for this day only $ImOO garment — for this day only, e*:h....130 ♦
such a vast array of buildings and re
quirements. It was surely unique. that
the prize-winners of the preliminary com
petition were invited to come to San
Francisco at the expense of .the origina
tor in order to study the site and the
local building conditions before making
the more definite plans for the final com
petition. It is furthermore unparalleled
in the history of architectural competi
tions that the leading architects of Eng
land. France and Germany, as members
of the jury, are also brought half way
around the globe in all possible comfort
in order to be treated here in a more
than royal manner. That is simply grand.
That shows American enterprise and
greatness of conception, generosity and
hospitality in a glorious way. More than
any achievement on the fields of war can
this peaceful event contribute to alter the
queer ideas of America which are still
current, even among the better conducted
classes of the Old World.
'"It is the purpose of my stay in Amer
ica and of my intended work on Amer
ican architecture to show to the world the
great achievements on the fields of peace.
It is. therefore, in my line to pay espe
cial attention to this competition. I sel
dom write for journals, but in this case
I thought it to the interest of my profes
sion, to the honor of California— nay.
America— to emphasize the importance of
this competition. Quite a number of lead
ing reviews eagerly expect my reports
and criticisms. I hope that my own ex
pectations will be fulfilled and that this
competition will bring forward a plan
which may fully reward the great exer
tions and generous expenditures made to
create it. I sincerely wish that an Amer
ican architect— Germans are not in it—
may carry off the prize, and that in the
at a future hi? first creations can be re
produced in my work as the beet exam
ples of modern American architecture."
■ ♦ «
LIGHT OF LEARNING
MAY SHINE FOR ALL
The Young Men's Christian Association
will open a night school for men at the
association building. Monday, October 2.
upon which occasion an address, will be
made by Irving M. Scott.
For a moderate tuition fee It is intended
to furnish a practical business education
to the young men whose early education
has either been hindered or neglected, or
who are compelled to work during the
daytime. Although of recent develop
ment, the night schools of the association
Health! Strength! Vigor!
Dp. McLaughlin's Electric Belt
Is an appliance of modern invention, possessing the strongest current, the
most simple construction and the most durable battery on earth. It Is
warranted to give a current which can always be felt by the wearer, or I
will forfeit $5000. It is warranted to hold its power without re-palrs for
one year or will be replaced with a new one. It is the only belt on earth
which has a regulator that will regulate the current while on the body.
No Burning or Blistering.
It has soft, chamois covered eiectrndes. which prevent the burning
?nd blistering incident to the use of other belts, and, above all. it is ap-
lied to each individual case with a view to the particular symptoms
treated, so as to give the patient the full benefit to be derived from electric-
ity. This can be had from no other belt or. earth.
It Has a Cure In Every Town.
ARE YOU SUFFERING?
If so. come and see me. Let me explain it to you free. Let me show
you how simple, yet powerful, my method is. Let me show you the evi-
dence of the thousands cured and explain to you how simply it is done.
FREE BOOK, CALL OR SEND FOR BOOK— FRtE.
Dp. in. A. McLaugnlin, i^.^.r B?ria * *■* B~m48 ~ m4
Office Hours— t a. m. to »:80 p. m. : Sundar». 1C to 1. NEVER SOLD IX DRUGSTORES.
THE ZMPOEIUIt
of North America have received endow
ments of over $100,000. The San Francisco
Young Men's Christian Association, al
though without an endowment for the
night school department. Is not behind
the other institutions of its kind and has
this year provided for its members a well
arranged night school. The entire fifth
floor of the building, corner of Mason
and Ellis streets, is fitted up for tni
purpose. The outline of study Includes
two principal courses.
The business course embraces arithme
tic, bookkeeping, stenography, typewrit
ing, spelling, grammar, composition and
commercial law. The electricity and me
chanical arts course, includes mechani
cal and architectural drawing, electricity,
algebra, geometry and physics.
The prescribed eours? covers three
school years of six months each. Exam
inations ar^ given and certificates award
ed those passing 73 per cent. These cer
tificates ar<- granted by the international
board of examiners, and will be received
and credit."! by 103 universities and col
leges, among -which are eleven State uni
versities, f-iurtep^ technical schools and
eighty-one colleges.
The assistance of the following strong
corps of instructors has been secured: Ar
thur A. Macurda. A. 8.. Brown Univer
sity, bookkeeping and English: Arthur
Cassidy, B. S.. University of California,
electricity and drawing: E. H. Bierman.
A. B. Stanford G°rmar. and mathe
matics: M. E PhilHrs. principal of the
Munson School nf Phor.osrra.phy. Stenog
raphy and Typewriting; Julian de "Lecu
ona, University of Duesto. Bilbao. Spain.
Spanish: Oscar T. Barber Ll* 8.. Univer
sity of California, commercial law and
civics; E. M. Bixby. M. D.. physiology
and hygiene: Emily Curtis, principal Cali
fornia School nf Elocution and Oratory,
teacher of elocution.
■ ♦ •
| Iff NEXT SUHD ATS CALL,
5 * The Largest Winery in *
America. %■
They Are Engaged.
The engagement is announced of Mis
Flora Schneider of Marysvllle an
Mitchell L. Frank of this city. They wi
receive Sunday. September 10, from 2 t
5 at '-114 Post street.
56
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 6, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Mark.et and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main ISGS.
tDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Tel-phone Main IST*.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
ISAU.T CALL (Including Sunday Call). one year ?«.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). C months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months .... 1-80
DAILY CALL By Single Month «>•"""
SUNDAY CALL one Year l«8O
WEEKLY CALL One Tear 1 -' M)
All postmasters are authorized to recelv. subscription*.
Sample copies will bo forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Mnrquottc Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS «JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
* NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf -A Hotel: A. Brentano. SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. '
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30, o'clock- 300 Hayes street, ooen until
£:30 o'clock- 67,9 McAllister street, open until 9:30
O'clock- 615 LartOn street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 220' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '093
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
becond and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock"
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Bells."
Oriiheum — Vaudeville.
T.v.<li —"Carmen."
Alrazar — "< Christopher Jr."
Gmnd Opera-house— "El Capltan."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
tvoni:;s.
Olympia, earner Maron and Ellis streets — Specialties.
?utro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Mechanics" -Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
hibit. ___^_^_____________
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton, Eldridge &- Co.— Tuesday, September 12. at 12
O'clock, Rfal Kftate, it 63S Market street.
NEW ENGLAND BIMETALLISTS.
PROVIDENCE, Rhode Island, is the scene of
the first meeting of the New England Bimetal
lic League, and the public will learn with
something of surprise that the chief of the New Eng
. ■ . ts ■ ■ ■ Illinois, Tillman of
S.-r.th Carolina, Lentz of Ohio and Judge Tarvin oi
Kentucky. Those men at any rate were thi
lings of the first day. and
it would appear, therefore, that the Bimetallic i
id enough New Englanders to
speak in its name and welcome visitors to the con
ference.
Another curious feature of the occasion i- that the
first meeting was held on Sunday, a day that New
nd dec -rum sets apart for churchgoing and
meditation upon treasures laid up in heaven. A po
litical assembly on that day may be held in New
England, but hardly by natives who have a due re
ir tradition and the respect of their neighbors.
Finally, to complete the surprises of this extraordin
ary league, the convention gathered not in a hall
where it could discuss grave questions with dignity
and sei but in a certain resort called Cres
cent Park, where, as we are duly informed, the voices
of the orators were frequently lost in the blaring of
brass bands and the noise of "money-making at
■ -is."
Despite the surprising nature of these features of
nference, it may be they are but natural and
perhaps inevitable attendants upon such a gathering
in that part of the country. A clamor lor frei
could be hardly better located than in a park where
idle revelers go on Sunday to spend the week's earn
■: merry-go-rounds, Punch and Judy shows
and dime museums. It is at such a place free silver
rs are most likely to get a hearing. As the
people witl not attend silver conferences, the confer
ust i- 1 " to the people, and as the congregations
in the churches would not sanction such oratory the
speakers are in a manner forced to the picnic re
sorts where it may be readily supposed they find
many persons eager for cheap money and plenty of it.
The discourses of the day were about as lurid as
hioned hell-fire M-rmons, and no doubt consti
'ttrnctions in harmony with the two-headed
calf, tin. bearded lady, the African gyascutas and other
freaks and sensations of the picnic. Mr. Tarvin of
Kentucky made hi- debut as a New Englandtr by
declaring the demonetization of siiver "concentrates
wealth, makes tramps and criminals of men and sui
ind prostitutes of women." Tillman, who rep
a section of New England
in th< <;ri'd his hearers he would use his
pitchfork before- the convention closes and use it with
effect Mr. Lentz of Ohio was even more thrilling.
ar,d to! "We look to New England
with amazement when we see the cringing servility
of i l -. masses to that plutocrat! oligarchy wl
nore arbitrary and more inconsistent than any mon
arch in Europe."
The speech of the occasion was that of Altgeld. It
showed traces of a genuine Xew England spirit, in
asmuch as it was confined almost wholly to a discus
sion of New England condition- nd paid but little
attention to the affairs of the rest of the country.
Any one who rends it will perceive that had Altgeld
been a resident of Boston itself instead of a dweller
in such a remote suburb as Chicago he would have
been a Puritan. He declared that with free silver
every mill in New England would be running day
and night, there would be abundant market* for all
produce, and wage-earners would have money to
i] ■ nd as well as money to save.
Altogether it • ■ ■ rrious picnic occasion, and
the first day of the first meeting of the \- ■
Bimetallic :-■ ;i Sunday picnic ;
neighborhood of Providence will be loi
1,. red by all who were present and alternated between
tb< speeches and the merry-go-rounds.
\n attachment for contempt has been issued
against United States Navy Surgeon Lung on ac
count of his failure to pay his wile alimony pending
ition of her suit for divorce. This is palpably
(fort to malce Lung "cough up."
The fighting men of San Domingo have intro
duced a novelty in warfare. After pelting the rebels
with bullets the other day the Government forces sur
rendered and entertained their victors.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1599.
INTEMPERATE UTTERANCE.
'np'HE Oakland Tribune praises the patience of the
imperialists with their opponents, and d< dares
that those who oppose conquest have put to
ire te^t the endurance of those who favor it.
We have no sympathy with any who descend to
: personalities in the great controversy, nor with those
who use it merely as a means to get office. But when
discussion turns upon intemperance of utterance it 1,
i not to be forgotten that it began with the advocates
of imperialism. The President is himself responsible
for the anti-imperialist sentiment. He was its tr-t
leader and exponent. His declaration that forcible
' annexation would be criminal aggression, opposed to
our national code of morals, was the most extreme
expression that has been uttered. It was in plain
terms the denunciation of conquest as a crime. The
conscience of the country accepted it. and has
1 not readily changed with the President, who now
< ffers another example of extreme statement by de
nouncing as "rebels" an alien people who are re
sisting forcible annexation. The reason why people
who accepted the President's first expression have not
'•■red to his second is to be sought in the style
chosen by imperialists in the beginning of their advo
cacy of their novel policy. When General Merritt
admitted last January that that policy was in opposi
tion to the constitution, but declared that the country
had outgrown the constitution, which was no longer
worth discussing, he alarmed the people. That alarm
was not lessened when Whitelaw Reid, one of the
Commissioners who made the Paris treaty, said that
the time had come to teach the American people the
absurdity of the Declaration of Independence.
The Tribune i< wroth because an audience in a
church in Cincinnati, facing Murat Halstead, gave
utterance to sympathy for Aguinaldo; but is silent
about that other audience in a church in Chicago,
h hist April heard approvingly their pastor. Hen
son, denounce the Declaration of Independence as
'"the most damn:. Me iie ever invented by the devil to
deceive men."
The Cincinnati audience was guilty of the offense
of passionate utterance upon an issue that can be de
cided only by the temperate and sober mind. The
Chicago audience was guilty of a position that strikes
at the very vitals of republican liberty. All over the
country for weeks the sentiment favored by the
Tribune declared itself in contempt of the constitu
tion and in enmity to the Declaration of Indepen
dence. Tho-e declarations were abhorrent to every
sentiment of patriotism and to every aspiration of
liberty. They were in rebuke of the men who died
for the establishment of the republic and of the other
countless thousands who fell in red war that the
Union might be perpetuated. The men who were
most moved to action by these sinister and alarming
expressions of venom against the principles of our
Government were Republicans of the school of Lin
coln. In ail his utterances he went back to the
Declaration of Independence as the rock on which
the republic is founded. He gloried in its statement
of the fundamental truths of civil government, and
declared that when tyrants and traitors assailed the
principle of the equality of men the masses would go
back forever to that Declaration as to their title to
the guarantees of the constitution.
We have read no apology for Merritt, Reid and
Henson. The imperialist-, instead of repudiating
their venom against the' constitution and the Declara
tion, have defiantly adopted it into their creed.
Having done so, they turn upon the anti-imperial
ists and impeach their motives because of intemperate
: and passionate expressions by some who believe that
forcible annexation is criminal aggression, opposed
: to our national code of morals.
The anti-imperialist sentiment does not need to take
refuge in epithet. It represents the sober mind of
the country, which will finally decide the i^sue. It
resorts to no legend nor motto beyond the words of
President McKinley himself, which we have already
quoted. He stated the case of anti-imperialism better
than any other has stated it. In his statement the
whole case is carried. Eulogies of Aguinaldo are un
necessary. Let him stand where the President's
phrase put him as the victim of criminal aggression.
In that character his personal merits and demerits
are lost sight of. Above all things, the soldiers of
the country are deserving of all honor. They have
done their best and highest in obedience to their duty
and their oath. It is the President himself who has
described them as engaged under orders, in criminal
aggre— >sed to our national morality. Xo
other has gone further in characterization. All the
greater sympathy goes out to the troops that they nrc
sent to a duty so described by the same President
who orders them to it.
The war of conquest should be speedily closed, for
only when it is over does the experiment begin for
which it was undertaken. The nature of that experi
ment is revealed in the commercial expectations of
the imperialists. These have had their latest expres
sion in the utterances of Senator Carter, an earnest
imperialist, who says: "The Republican party will
retain the Philippines as a matter of business profit.
This is a practical age. We are going to deal witii
this question on the basis of dollars and cents. If the
American people believe that the Philippines are
going to help us. they will never let the islands go.
If, on the other hand, they find that the Philippines
mean a constant drain and small returns, you will find
the people against permanent retention. Neither re
ligion nor sentiment will have much influence in de
termining the verdict. The great question is, 'Will it
pay?' "
We suppose the Tribune will admit that this is the
first time in our history that Americans have been
asked to go beyond seas, in a poison climate, to wage
a war for mere dollars and cents and to make a con
quest in order to see whether it will pay when made.,
and to give it up if it doesn't.
The anti-imperialists have no need to use epithets
nor devise arguments, for their opponents supply all
thai they need to use.
Even the aroma of a cigar has become an agent
of detection in crime. F.ecausc the mate of the
A;v.er< :r: -hip Cyrus Wakefield has been caught
smoking hi -.:'■' priced cigars he is suspected of having
murdered the captain, who died at sea.
h is an "ill axiom that every evil has within it
. i province and clement of good. Mark Hanna
intend - to return to Ohio and seek the defeat of John
R. McLean for Governor.
GETT ING AHEAD OF THE PROCESSION
GEORGE FRED WILLIAMS, the silver leader
of Massachusetts, and C. T. Callahan. chair
man of the Democratic State Committee, to
gether with certain followers and supporters, have de
vised a scheme which is giving the conservative Dem
ocrats of the State more pain than they can cure with
a bottle of Bourbon. In accordance with the scheme
the Democratic State Convention called to nominate
candidates for State offices in the campaign this fall
elects also delegates to the National Convention in
1900. By this plan a solid silver delegation, with
Williams at the head, is assured from Massachusetts,
no matter how great may be the opposition of the
rank and file when the issue arises next year.
Mayor Quiricy of Boston lias taken the trouble to
enter a formal and vigorous protest against the plar
and to him Mr. Callahan has replied, in effect, that if
the conservatives do not like the plan they can do the
other thing. Such a reply from such a source leads
the Boston Herald to declare the silver men to be a
set of incompetents who do not understand the rudi
ments of politics. The leaders of a minority party, it
argues, ought to try to conciliate voters in order that
the party may have a chance to win. A willful irrita
tion of public opinion and a contemptuous disregard
of the wishes of those who are inclined to support
the party are evidences of asinine leadership, and tlvc
Herald angrily adds that in Massachusetts the aver
age citizen would rather vote for a party led by
knaves than one led by fools.
Whether that judgment be sound is not for us to
say. It is certain, however, that in no State do the
voters look favorably upon such political tricks as the
one proposed. David B. Hill tried it once in New
York for the purpose of sending an anti- Cleveland
delegation to the Democratic convention of ißq.?, and
he succeeded in getting such a delegation, but the
final result was not to his liking. A strenuous pro
test was made by other Democrats in the State, a
contesting delegation was sent to the National Con
vention, and, as the world knows. Cleveland was
nominated and elected. .Mr. Williams can hardly be
lieve himself an abler politician than Mr. Hill or
think his machine stronger than that of Tammany,
and if he and Mr. Callahan be not as incompetent as
the Herald declares them they might with advantage
study the experience of the New York men.
It is not easy to understand why the silver men
should undertake a snap judgment on the voters of
the party in Massachusetts unless it be they are veri
table incompetents in authority. The Massachusetts
vote in a Democratic convention will not have much
weight, for no one expects the State to support the
ticket. About all Williams can gain from the trick is
an assurance of his election as a delegate, and if he
be certain the rank and file of the party are with him
he is foolish in not leaving the party free to elect him
in the regular way. About the only conclusion to be
drawn from the performance is that the New England
silver leader.^ are afraid to trust even their own party
and are willing to resort to any tactics to obtain n
temporary advantage.
It is announced in all seriousness that the transport
Morgan City was sent on a reef under the guidance of
an experienced pilot. Less experience and more care
might be found valuable in Uncle Sam's transport
service. If the pilot was perfect in experience the:
ship might have been sent to the .bottom.
An Austrian diplomat is trying to find nut if he
has been insulted by General Roget. If the French
officer had made the query for himself he might hon
estly be told that he couldn't be.
EXCESSIVE AND VICIOUS LEGISLA
TION.
SENATOR MANDERSON, in giving a review
of the legislation of the past year, in the course
of his address at the recent meeting of the
American Bar Association, summed up the results of
the work of the State Legislatures in this statement:
'"I doubt if in any twelve months since the foundation
of our State governments has there been so much
legislation. Forty-one of the States and Territories
have held legislative sessions. In some of tlie States
the session laws for 1899 fill over 1000 pages, and the
average number of pages is much over 500. The
quality is not sufficient warrant for the quantity, an 1
if it be true that "the country is governed best which
is governed least,' then, indeed, most of the States are
in a sorry plight. A critical examination of these laws
will not only force. the conclusion that we are gov
erned too much, but the character of much of the
legislation, with its socialistic tendency, its destruction
of individuality, interference with personal liberty.
encroachment upon property rights, making of the
State not only a fostering father but a nursing
mother, will affright every true lover of liberty."
There is of course a rhetoric.;! exaggeration in trre
statement that the legislation of the year will affright
every true lover of liberty. It is well understood by
intelligent men that the vicious or harmful legisla
tion upon the statute books of the various States is
the result of carelessness or of ignorance rather than
of any deliberate attempt to interfere with liberty or
to injure property. As soon as a statute is found to
be bad, public opinion turns against it, and it is either
repealed at the next session or left unenforced.
There is nothing to affright patriots in our laws,
but there is a great deal that interferes with business,
prevents progress, checks development, disturbs in
dustry and engenders discontent. There is. moreover,
a good deal of it that tends to incline the thoughtless
into the belief that the ills of civilization, the evils
resulting from individual deficiencies, can be reme
died by statute. Thus one bad law, even though it be
promptly repealed, leads to the enactment of another
just about as bad, and we pass from one folly to
another with each successive Legislature.
It will not be easy to eliminate these offenses of
legislation from our governmental system. Where
popular government prevails the statute books must
necessarily reflect the opinions of the dominant ele
ment in politics. The majority of men elected to our
State Legislatures are not fitted for the task of deal
ing with the complex problems of modern statecraft,
and yet they have no hesitation in undertaking to do
so. Thus we have every year a sort of jungle of
statutes through which the courts have to clear a way
for business.
The only remedy for the evil is that of ridding the
popular mind of its errors regarding the scope and
the possibilities of legislation. When the voters are
no longer subject to the promises of agitators, dema
gogues, visionary reformers and others of that class,
when they elect as legislators none but men of a high
order of sagacity and a broad knowledge of the
limitations as well as the effectiveness of legislation,
we shall have fewer laws and better ones. In the
meantime we must get along as best we can. Ameri
can common sense makes short work of silly laws, and
in all the confusion of the statutes, while there is much
to annoy, there is nothing to frighten a true lover of
liberty.
A young lady in a Massachusetts town has been
struck dumb by eating an apple. Some friend of his
fellow men might benefit humanity by importing
some of those apples and feeding them to a set of
local street orators.
President Schurman of the Philippine Commission
hopes there will be an early end to the Filipino war.
It is remarkable how some people can divine the
thoughts and express the wishes of the American
people.
It begins to look as if death will reap a rich harvest
before Great Britain and the Transvaal realize that
they were both wrong and that votes are not always
more valuable than lives.
FORCING AN EXTRA
SESSION ON THE PEOPLE
The Mexican Candidate and the Governor Have the Law and
Public Opinion Against Them, but—,
EDITOR of The Call— Kir: To those
who read the signs of th.- times,
there can be no question thai the
M< xlcan candidate for United
States Senator, with his usual
dogged pi rsistency, will, if pos
sible, through the unstinted use of the
Governor's patronage, endeavor to pur
chase, cajole >>r threaten enough men
Into a promise sufficient to elect him if
ority of th? whole of the last
Legislature will ay roe to go Into caucus.
The fact that the iast Bessicn of the
Legislature wan frittered and wasted by
his ridiculous aspirations does not s em
to disclose to th« mind <>f tha would-be
statesman any reason why there should
not be another session which he may
use, regardless of cost to the people, as
a stepping-stone to lift himself into the
saddle as a United States Senator. The
obstacle is ilia; then- will be no regular
session of the Legislature until the first
week in January, 190 L It therefore be
comes necessary to attempt to prosti
tute the extraordinary powers vested in
the chief executive of the State ami to
persuade or cajole him into calling an
extra session of th'- Legislature.
This can only be done by a flagrant
violation of the law and by trampling
under foot every principle crystallized
in the constitution of the State of Cali
fornia. The entire trend of constitu
tional limitation of past years has been
in this State, as well as in others, to re
strict the powers of the Legislature and
to limit the time when that body, in
stalled in the State capital, might sup
port itself from the public treasury.
Recognizing that nothing is so fraught
with danger, the constitution provides
by the second section of its fourth arti
cle that no pay shall be drawn by a
member after sixty days from the date
of the commencement of the session. It
also provides that no bill shall be in
troduced after a period of fifty days
from tn>' 'i;tt.' of the commencement of
the session, thereby stopping the regu
lar business and tne pay or the mem
bers tor tii» purpose of provoking an
early adjournnn nt.
owing to the fact that the sessions
;n,. biennial, and that during the long
period between them th. re- might arise
some exigency which v.^uld require im
mediate attention at the hands or the
of the State, the constitution, in
it- definition <>f th< powers of the Gov
ernor, gives to th;.t official by section 'J
of the rtfth article the powet to call by
proclamation an extra session Ihe
language may well be repeated here
verbatim:
"H<- may on <xtraordinary oc
casions, convene the Legisla'ure
by proclamation, staling the pur-
P : jsl-s for which he has conv< n< <t
it and when so convened it shall
hive no power to Legislate on any
subjects other than those speci
fied' in the proclamation, but may
provide for ih.- expanses of the
session and other matters inci
;l thereto."
This language would seem plain to the
ordinary mind, but it has been held that
arts of the Legislature which were not
|i I islative might be performed in a
special sesaion, Buch, for instance, as
confirming an appointment made by the
Governor, and, by the Burns people, it
is claimed the election oi a Lnlted
States Senator is also not legislative
and n»ed not be embraced in the
proclamation and could not be the ob
ject of a special session.
So, then, the extraordinary occasion
must be sought H must be created.
And because a Superior Judge in an in
terior county has given a construction
to a decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States, this is to be made an
extraordinary occasion for the exercise
of the power by the Governor under the
section quoted! It must be evident,
however even to the infantile mind, to
say nothing aboul ihHt of the dis
tinguished Jurlsi who now occupies the
chair ol the chief executive, a man who
is a lawyer by profession and claims to
rank as' such at the head of his local
bar that a matter which was in exist
ence before the hist I. eerislature convened
and which as such existed through the
entire session, cannot be an extraordi
nary occasion under section 9 of article
5 of the constitution. It would be sup
posed when the question of extra ses
sion is discussed, that the Norwood
case of the United States Supreme
LOS ANGELENOS PLEASED
WITH THE RECEPTION
Sincerely Thankful for the Courtesies
and Hospitality Shown Them
While in the City.
L.OS ANGELES, Sept. s.— Editor Call,
San Francisco— Dear Sir: On behalf
of the organizations? whoso delegates
attended the magnificent reception ten
dered by your city to the Califor
nia soldiers who returned from the
Philippine Islands last week. I am di
rected to express to you our sincere
thanks for the many courtesies and the
hospitality shown us by the Executive
Committee and the people of San Fran
cisco.
We desire to compliment you upon the
thorough arrangements that characterized
the entire programme of the entertain
ment, and we assure you that we fully
appreciate the patriotic spirit that
prompted the people of San Francisco in
so ably and liberally supporting the ef
forts of your committee. We are unani
mous in our expressions regarding the
success of the demonstration.
Respectfully yours,
F. J. ZEEHANDELAAR.
Secretary Merchants' and Manufactur
ers' Association.
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL.
SUNDA V C A ITw rapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.
CHAPLAINS BANQUETED.
The clericus of the Episcopal church
entertained as guests of honor at a dinner
given Monday evening in the Occidental
Hotel Chaplain Flemming of the Colorado
Reg-iment and Chaplain McAllister of the
United States cruiser Philadelphia. Tha
dinner was an excellent one and the even
ins was pleasantly passed in listening to
reminiscences of the groat happenings
that have tilled the country with their
glory during the last eighteen months.
Bishop Nichols and Bishop Moreland
both were present, as was almost every
prominent Episcopal clergyman in the
city. The Bishops made a few remarks
and then gave way to the peaceful men of
war. who entertained the guests with
stories of adventure by flood and field.
A number of complimentary things were
said by the different gentlemen present ot
the appointment of Rev. D. C. Garretl
to the pastorate of St. Luke's Church.
That gentleman replied to these kindly
words of welcome and in a few well
chosen sentences assured those present of
the appreciation he felt for the compli
ments they had showered him with.
Court is a recent discovery, but that is
not true.
During the entire time that th.- Legis
lature of this State consumed in banot-
Ing foi a i nited States • nator, last
January and February and a pan of
March," this decision was open iuw to
any one who chose to reau ti, because
it was decided upon the l^tn day of
December, 1898, and appeared in pamph
let form early in January. Fhe bar of
the State will await u:e proclamation
(or an extra session in a condition of
amused expectancy, which, when the
noted case is read will change :nt.> a
roar of laugnter; Jur the Norwi
do. s n<>T decide anything which the
Burns people claim for it, and it is so
foreign to the plea under which the
extra session is to be called iha: one
need not be a lawyer to kn iw how
flimsy the pretext and to what desperate
straits the politicians v.ii. attempt to
adopt it must bi driven. Norwood
against Baker Is not a street assessmi ni
case, nor Is i; a street improvement < ise
within the meaning of the Vrooman act.
The law relating to local assessment
for the purpose of improving a street,
that is, sewering, paving, sidewalklng,
grading and regraamg, has long been
settled, both In this btate, in tne At
lantic States and by the supreme Court
of the I'nited States, and do one may
question it, not even a political lawyer.
The street law has been framed undei
a section of the constitution which has
been in existence ever since California
was a State, copied from ;he constitu
tions of the older States, repeatedly and
consistently construed judicially, and
to-day the Vrooman act is as good and
street improvements are as constitu
tional as they have ever been in the State
of California, and there is nothing to
question the doctrine in the case of Nor
wood against Baker. Norwood against
Baker is not a stieet improvement case;
it was an action for eminent domain
for the condemnation of land, by which
the estate of the defendant was sought
to be taken from him and appropriated
to the purposes of a public street, and
it was attempted to charge him not
only with the benefits which it was said
his remaining land would receive by tak
ing away from him one piece of his
land, but it was also sought to tax htm
with the very costs of the condemnation
suit.
When you divest a citizen of his prop
erty by condemnation or under the doc
trine of public use, the constitutional
questions at once become very grave
and serious, because from the early
days of the Knglish-speaking race, from
the time that the common law received
its recognition in England, the Anglo-
Saxon has at all times been Jealous of
the rights of personal liberty and his
right of property. It is easy to see that
the taking away of a piece of land from
a man and causing him to pay a sum
of money for having: his land taken
away from him, should naturally jostle
and jar the Ideas of the average Anglo-
Saxon about property rights. And so
when the Governor of the State, should
he decide to call an extra session, comes
to look at the question, he will find,
flrst. that the conditions called "extra
ordinary" existed before the last ses
sion convened, and that an entire ses
sion of the Legislature passed without
taking any notice of what is now called
an "extraordinary occasion." He will
also find, if he takes the trouble to read
the case of Norwood against Baker,
that there is nothing in it "which in any
wise changes or checks the existing
street law of the State. If he will stop
to think and read the handwriting on
the wall, he will conclude that the tem
per of the people will not permit the
using of a flimsy pretext like this, un
founded in law and fact, to place the
Legislature of the State at the service
of an unscrupulous politician.
In conclusion I would respectfully re
fer the Governor to the last two para
graphs of the decision rendered by the
Supreme Court In the Norwood case,
which are as follows:
The judgment of the Circuit
Court must be affirmed, upon the
ground that the assessment
apainst the plaintiffs abutting
property was under a rule which
excluded any inquiry as to special
benefits, and the necessary op
eration of which was, to the
extent of the excess of the cost
of opening- the street in question
over any special benefits accruing
to the abutting property there
from, to take private property
for public use without compensa
tion.
It is so ordered.
A MEMBER OF THE BAR.
San Francisco, Sept. 5.
CHANCE FOR DISBARRED
ATTORNEY PHILBROOK
OFFENSIVE PETITION STRICKEN
FROM THE RECORDS.
Horace \V. Philhrook, the disbarre/1 at
torney, is waiting far the verdict of the
Supreme Court to find "where he is at."
As published recently, he has made an
effort to have the disbarment judgment
set aside, ?o that he may follow his pro
fession again. This is now in the court
under advisement. It will be remembered
that in ISHS Philbrook was prohibited by
the Justices of the higher court from
practicing hereafter because of his con
duct in the Levinson case. Last January
he made a motion to have the case re
heard, but his petition was in such lan
guage that the Justices refused to con-
Bider the matter, whereupon he filed his
petition formally in court. Then he set
about to prepare a brief in Bupport of the
position lie had assumed.
The brief was a rabid attack upon the
court and many attorneys of this city
While he presented a copy to all inter
ested parties he has not filed the docu
ment in the court as yet. This was com
piled to be made use of in the event of
the court giving him a chance to discuss
his case. Yesterday the motion calendar
was heard, but Philbrook's case was not
down on the records of the day so the
court had nothing to consider. However
Philbrook made an ex parte motion to'
which attention was given. In his pre
amble he recited the nature of the judg
ment of disbarment and applied to have
the same declared null and void and set
aside. In substance it was very similar
to the one made in January, but in milder
language.
Chief Justice Beatty stated that the
motion as it was presented was not in
such form that it could be immedlatelv
considered by the court, which however
would take the matter under advisement'
He then directed that the clerk strike
from the records of the court the Deti
tion made by Philbrook in January This
is the one to which the court found such
objection regarding the language
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A NATIVE SON-J. R., city A man
born in the State of California is a na
tive son of the State, but he cannot be a
Native Son of the Golden West unless he
becomes a member by initiation of the
organization of that name. As native of
the State he would not be allowed to wear
a badge of the Native Sons of the Golden
West unless he belonged to ÜB&t order,
and if he did. not being a member, he
would be liable to punishment for a mis
demeanor.
NAVIGATION— Reader, Santa Cruz,
Cal. This department has time and again
announced, that it does not advertise any
business or firms and that those who re
quire information the answer to which
amounts to an advertisement, if printed,
should send a self-addressed and stamped
envelope and the answer will be sent by
mail. The schools of navigation in San
Francisco are private institutions, and
for that reason will not be advertised In
the department of Answers to Corre
spondents.
GOLD AND SILVER— H. W. H.. Grass
Valley, Cal., and Reader, City. Then Is
no premium offered for & gold pieces
coined after 1834 nor is any premium
offered for half-dollars coined in 1861 and
in 1862. The dealers sell $5 pieces of 1850
for $7 50 ami those of 1860 for $7. Half
dollars of 1861 and of 1862 sell for 85 cents.
FALSE NAMES— H. W. N., City. If a
man and woman should mutually agree
to procure a license to marry and each
give a false name for the sake of secrecy
and both should be sworn while obtaining
the license, each would be guilty of per
jury and liable to prosecution within
three years, it is probable that a court
would hold that such a marriage wouia
not be valid for the reason th< parties ai
the time of obtaining were not gemralK
know:: as thi parties named in the license.
OREGON— W. M. M., Sacramento, Cal.
The Nootka treaty of 1796 between Spain
anu urwit umain only gave the latter
some tracing ana nshing rignts in ih«
vicinity oi ruget Sound. Ihe discovery
ana exploration of the Columbia River
Dy Captain Kouert Gray, an American,
who gave the name of ms vessel to .the
river; the purcnauc of Louisiana and all
that Belonged to it to the Pacinc from the
trench in ISU3. their claim being the best
next to that of Spain; the exploration of
the Columbia Kiver by Lews and Clarke
by order of the United States in 1804-06,
and the treaty of limits between Spain
and the United States in IMP. by which
all the territory north of 42 degrees north
latitude was expressly declared to 'belong
to the United States, were held sufficient
proofs of the title of the I'" 11 ** 1 States to
that territory. Still. Great Britain laid
claim to a large portion of the region.
The United States claimed that the Ore
gon country" included between 42 degrees
and 54 decrees and 40 minutes formed^a
part of the Louisiana cession, but Eng
land refused to recognize the claim. In
1818 the United States and England agreed
upon a joint occupancy by treaty, and
that was renewed in 1527. There was a
dispute as to the boundary line 3 between
the United States and England, which
for a time threatened war. It was ami
cably arranged by treaty in 1546, but there
was still a question as to where the boun
dary line was to run. the United States
claiming that it should run through the
Canal de Haro and England through the
Rosario Straits. It was left to the Em
peror of Germany to decide, and in IsJZ
he decided in favor of the United States.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Olney Robblns of Boston is at the Pal
ace.
W. Stuart of Pasadena is at the Palace,
accompanied by his family.
James McCudden. the Vallejo con
tractor, is registered at the Grand.
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr., arrived
yesterday and is at the Palace.
Drury Melone has come down from his
home at Oak Knoll and is staying- at the
Palace.
Among the recent arrivals at the Occi
dental Is C. L. Wilson, a capitalist from
Antloch.
F. W. Wilmans, a wealthy mining man
of Sonora, is among the late arrivals at
the Lick.
George Thompson, one of the leading
attorneys of Bakersfleld, is registered at
the Lick.
Lieutenant and Mrs. M. C. Gorpas have
come down from Mare Tslnnd and are at
the Occidental.
W. J. Berry, the Bakersfle'd mining
man who made a fortune In the Klon
dike, is registered at tin- Lick.
J. M. Johnson, third vice president of
the Chicago. Rock Island ami Pacific
Railroad, is a guest at the Palace.
"William Ikle, a wealthy manufacturer
of New York, is staying at the Grand,
where he registered yesterday morning.
Dr. Henry C. Watt, one of the best
known medical men in the Hawaiian Isl
ands, is a guest at the Occidental, where
he arrived last night.
Dr. V. Gisner. a leading physician of
Salem. Or., Is registered at the Lick,
where he arrived last evening. Dr. Gis
ner is accompanied by his wife.
W. J. Dorm. contracting freight agent
of the Southern Pacific at Los Angeles. Is
a guest at the Occidental. He is visiting
the city on business connected with his
position.
J. B. Overton. the Nevada County mill
ionaire and mining man. is at the Russ
C. E. Lindsay, the District Attorney of
Santa Cruz, is at the Russ. He arrived
yesterday morning.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— A. C. Paulsmelr
of San Francisco in at the Imperial.
Charles Sinclair and wife. G. H. Murphy
of San Francisco, are at the Bartholdi.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Sept. 6.— H. H. North
of San Francisco is at the Wellington.
William H. Small of Los Angeles is at the
St. James.
PURGED OF CONTEMPT.
Dr. Lung Did Not Refuse to Pay His
Wife Alimony.
Dr. George A. Lung, surgeon of th«
Philadelphia, appeared before Judge Mu
rasky yesterday in obedience to an order
citing him to appear and show cause why
he should not punished for contempt of
court for having failed to pay his wife
Elizabeth alimony pending the outcome
of divorce proceedings. Dr. Lung said
that he had no desire to disobey the or
der of court and was anxious to pay his
wife alimony and that for some time
money had been on deposit in the navy
pay office for her use. The order was
then dismissed and Dr. Lung retired.
■ ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 60c per lb at Townsend's.*
. ♦ .
Best eyeglasses 10 to 40 cents at SI
Fourth st., nr. 5c barber and grocery. •
■ » ■
' Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping bureau (Allen's). 510. Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 11M2. •
Barkeeper in Trouble.
Buswell Harrison, a barkeeper, was ar
rested yesterday by Patrolman McGov
ern of the California-street police station
on a charge of grand larceny, preferred
by J B. Smith, a visitor from the coun
try. Smith alleges that he was drunk
and '.bat Harrison got away with $70 of
his money that he bad left with Harrison
for safe keeping.
" Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup "
Has been uned for fifty years by mlllloni of
niothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the rhild. softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is thi beat remedy fi>r
iJiarrhoeas. whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be .-.ure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow'j Soothing Syrup, 2."ic a bottle
HOTEL, DEL CO RON ADO— Take advantage
of the round trip tickets. Blow only $60 by
■teamshlp. Including fifteen days board at ho
tel; longer stay. $2 50 per day. Apply at j New
Montgomery meet. San Francisco.
Maxt causes induce gray hair, but Parxkb'S
Hair Balsam brings back the youthful color.
UiNDjcßcoßjfs, the best cure tor corns, IS on.California
NO PAY UNTIL
THE MEN ARE
MUSTERED OUT
The California's Must
Wait for Money.
It will be Impossible to st '-i-.re a month's
: l f the m • First California !
have been mustered :
rher< has been ■ plaint over
• the ; ay of the men hud been
■ ■ executive
took the matter In hand. The:
waa that Mayor Phelan addressed
' lonel
ted with the paymaster.
'i 1!'" '■ this interview was the Infor
: ' v ■ to attempt
" any money befon the last day.
that there lias l>een no payday
■ • allfomia men i!< due to the ac- !
• an officers' meeting held the M n
day aitrr the regimen: went Into camp.
One of the lirst questions ask >d the com
ng ofti.-er by the fflcer In charge
inustering-uu 1 . : •';■ regiment ws.
•he regiment want a payday?" Un
willing to decide tl.e question hi
t/olonel Duboce brought it before tl
fleers' meetinK the next morning, an.l
then it was decided to let all money *?■'
until the last day. It was thai
there was no travel paj the
men and their pay would be small eii"UK''
wnen they would be mustered out,
if there were n<> payday Intervening. The
mem had two months du> them. By the
time they have been mustered out there
■will be practically another month due. I
CRUSHED TO DEATH
UNDER WAGON WHEELS
Horrible Fate of Little Seven-
Year-Old Jules Pratt While
on His Way to School.
I TERRIBLE accident that robbed
l\ a child of Us life rind sent a mar.
h\ ■ the Seventeenth Street I
Station on a charge of man
•'l yesterday morning
• ;-jad.
was a horrifying one.
but hardly before people on the road
■ had happened the wheels
of the wagon cru .'Ties <>f the
: ody and manglert the f
frightful disfigurement. The victim of
es P
years of age. Bhorth
he left his home at 4990 Mission street
with his book and Blati under his arm,
s :hool, on the cor
enue and r I ■■ :•
: \ heavy true k. trailing an empty
milk wagon, was passing at the urne
down • I ' :. road toward thi
The child saw an opportunity for a
ride and accepted It. He rushed out
■ . . passed I
tru< k and the wagon and jumped onto
the rear end of th<- truck. The driver
saw him, but made no obj<
put the child off. Th(
■ the danger which th^ child
could not re.ilize. but DO warning was
givf-n an<! the little boy continu
Stolen ri'it I .. Near tbe
erf <'hir.a avenue he jumped <ff the
truck and attempted to gain ll;e side
walk.
As he Jumped, he stumbled and ff>U
Jus:. In front of one of tlie win
Q -♦— v-»-^-*— §•- ♦-<£-♦—s>-■♦— <»—♦-'s■—♦-< *—♦—s>-
Then there will be the two months' pay (
allowed every man who served outside |
the country, ami this, with the balance
due on their clothing accounts, will make
about Fix months' pay in all. To a private
soldier this is not an enormous sum, and j
in view 'if the fact that the men are at
home here— or nearly all of them— and
that they have friends and relatives to
tide them over until they leave, the ser
vice, it was decided by the officers that !
it would be better to let them have their
money all together.
There are some men In the regiment
•who object to tho Idea, particularly when
they . •■■■ "■ other commands drawing j
pay, and in pursuance of the complaint
from these men the committee acted. It '
is too late to dn anything now. however, '
or special roll? will have to be made out
and by the time they hHve been completed
an<! the paymaster nas _•.,-, around to :
them it will be time for the regiment to
be muHtet.vj out. and ' '■• men will get all
that is coming to them then, anyway. (
Th< greater number of the men are will- ,
ing to let tli<- matter rest as it is. for
what they do not get they cannot spend
and ail the more will be coming to them
whf-n they get heir dlschai
The field officer*' coinir.lssicns bo long
looked for frctn the Governor are still
pig. holed at Sacrp.mento. much to the
perplexity of the men they would benefit.
There are two major* to be appointed, ,
making a place for two more captains:
then two more lieutenants and then two
more men from the ranks, to say nothing
of the non-commissioned officers who wiu
mount up In the general promotion. By i
holding back the commissions the Gov
ernor I* keeping men out of higher pay :
and he la depriving two non-comin!?sioned ;
officers of the dignity and pay of com- |
miHsions. Besides, they are in danger of >
being lost In the shuffle and their rhanoe
of being discharged with shoulder-straps |
and the accompanying two months com
missioned officers' pay from the Govern
ment will be lost. There is no reason why
the commissions should not have been I
presented 'r. week ago, but they have not ;
been presented, and, win; Ik worse, there
Is no sign of them. The adjutant general :
preserves a heavy and most official silence
concerning them whenever he is ap
proached on ***c matter and they seem in
*ytrmy and Tfavi/ ifews
a fair way to follow in the footsteps of
other meritorious matters the Governor
might attend to but doesn't.
Governor Steunenberg is less backward
about rewarding those who have lent
credit to the name of his State. There
were several vacancies in the Idaho Regi
ment and he has submitted the following
nominations to General Shatter for nts
approval:
To be lieutenant colonel, i . W. Figgina, vice
Thomas R. Hamer, rlischarK<M; to be major.
Frank A. Fenn, vice D. W. Fisgins, 'promoted:
to be first lieutenants— EdKar Uawley. Com
pany P; Robert Tschudy, Company C; to Ik i
second lieutenant* L.. .-. Borrows, Company
E; W. C. Dyer, Company A; Charles Arm
f>tr<ne. Company H; John A. Kane, Com
pany G.
It is hardly possible that there will be ;
.my change in the list as submitted.
Governor Ste.unenberg will leave tnis
evening for Idaho, there to resume his
official duties and also to prepare for the
horn,- coming of the Idaho regiment.
The Twenty-seventh Regiment will be |
the next to take its place in the Presidio
camps. The regiment passed through .
Ofc-den in a train of five sections, the first
leaving Ogden at 11 o'clock Sunday night
and the last passing through at 10:15
Monday morning. This will bring the
whole regiment into the Presidio by this
iftern on if nothing goes wrong between
now nd then. Tin regiment is forty
hours late on the way here from Fort
Meade. Pa.
Orders have been issued from the war
Department to organize a battalion of the
Fortieth Infantry out of the recruits now |
at the Presidio. There are altogether
about 800 of them, or nearly double the
number that will be required, so there
«h.>u!d be no trouble in forming the bat
talion within a short time. The following ■
officers have been assigned to the work
of forming the battalion and to take
command of its companies: Captains— |
Walter B. Elliott. James J. Mayes, James j
C. France and Charles M. Wing; first |
lieutenant.*— Hamilton, Bowie and Henry
P. Fletcher: second lieutenants M. I
Kelio Jr. and Joseph C\ R hter Jr.
A set of wooden barracks will be pre- j
pared for the reception of the men and
they will be moved from the camps" to the !
barracks as soon as they have been or- I
Kunizfii. Tents will be erected for the
officers on the parade ground. The re- !
maindei of the regiment is being re- >
cruited at Fort Raleigh.
With a view to improving the sanitary
conditions of the transport service and
th.' betterment <•( the medical depart- I
the wagon. The vehicles were moving
rapidly and the momentum threw the
••' h!s balance. The wheels passed
over his body and head, crushing them
almost to a pulp. The people on the
■ shouted to the driver < 1 the
truclf to su>p. He paid no heed and md
d rather than decreased the
speed of his horses until he and his
wagons were lost in the dust of the
EilS l>ahy victim was surrounded by
if the children of the school. As-
M.^tunce was demanded in all haste
from the Police Station and in a few
minutf-s a patrol wagon came. The
little fellow, bleeding, unconscicus ard
dying, was lifted into the wagon and
taken to the City and County Hospital.
Before the journey was ended, how
ever, the little fellow died and hia
body was taken to the Morgue.
John Roper, who was driving the
team, was taken into custody by De
tective FltzgeraJd and Officer Findley
last night and booked at the Seven
teenth-street station on the charge of
manslaughter.
When seen at the station after he
had been charged he stated that he
was coming into the city for some
marble slabs. He had attached to the
truck a milk wagon at the time of the
accident. Ho says he saw some boys
on the road on their way to school, but
paid no particular attention to them,
as the presence of boys at that hour
ment attached, the following circular has
been Issued from department headquar
ters: i
Transport Burgeons and medical officers In
charge of transports arriving at this port will
at once report in person to the chief surgeon
of the department.
They will report, as promptly an possible,
the names of all Hospital Corps men under
their charge, with remarks on the conduct and
efficiency of each man and his availability lor
further transport service; the amount and
condition of medical supplies on hand; the
articles expended, lost or destroyed, during
the voyage, and submit an estimate of what
will probably be required for the next round
trip of the vessel.
A report will also be submitted showing
I the number of patients treated during the voy
-1 age, with result* and the general character
of the disease and injuries observed. This will
be supplemented by such observations as the
medical officers may have to make on the
practical working of our transport medical
service, the quantity and quality of supplies,
treatment of tho sick, defects observed and
Improvements needed.
As soon as the articles of medical property
on hand are reported, requisition will be made.
In the office of the chief surgeon, for addi
tional supplies to last as far as possible dur
ing the round trip of the vessel out and back
to this port.
Medical officers In charge of transports are
enjoined to observe due care ami economy in
the expenditure of medical supplies, to avoid
unnecessary waste.
The Thirty-fourth Tnfantry will pet
away first from the Presidio, but it will
not go a» a whole. It will be divided be
tween the Columbia and another trans
port to be named later. Th* headquarters
band and live companies will go on the
Columbia, leaving seven companies to
depart on some, other vessel. The follow
ing medical officers and men of the Hos
pital Corps have been detailed to accom
pany the troops on the Columbia: Cap
tain Frank W. Foxworthy, assistant sur
geon, Thirty-fourth Infantry, U. 9. V.,
now on duty with that regiment at the
Presidio: Acting Assistant Surgeon
George Reeves white. U. S. A., now on
temporary duty at the United States Gen- i
eral Hospital, Presidio; Privates Archie ,
C. Samuels and Douglas E. Foster, Hos- !
pital Corps.
First Lieutenant Herman A. Slevert,
Fourth Cavalry, has been detailed as
quartermaster and commissary of the
transport Aztec, a stock shin soon to sail.
Lieutenant Slevert reported at the Pre
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. 1899.
fiidlo yesterday after hi= arrival fpra me
East. I'pon his arrival in Maniia L-'fU
tenant Sievert will report for duty with
his regiment. ..
Captain Edward T. Winston, Ninetemtn
Infantry, has been ordered to report for
duty with the recruits ut the Presidio
ng his assignment to duty at Manila-
Major Thomas U. Raymond, brigade
surgeon, has been relieved from duty at
lepartraent headquarters and has been
assigned to \U<- Fortieth Infantry. He
;: the regiment at Fort Riley.
Major Philip K. Harvey, brigade sur
jeon has been assigned to duty in charge
of the port hospital at the Presidio. He
will relieve Major Moßely, who has been
In charge for some time.
A board of officers for the examination
of enlisted men for commissions has been
appointed to meet at the Presidio Friday.
S. ptember 15, at 11 a. m. The detail for
the board is as follows: Colonel Jacob
B Rawles, Third Artillery: Major Philip
F Harvey, surgeon. D. S. A.; Captain
Edward Everts, assistant surgeon, T . S.
A.; Captain Frank AYest. Sixth Cavalry;
First Lieutenant George H. McManus.
Third Artillery.
The transport Sheridan is expected to
arrive"next Friday. She has on hoard
tr,. Minnesota, South Dakota and Mon
tana regiments, all small commands.
A CHRISTIAN GREETING
TO THE SOLDIER BOYS
The Epworth League Alliance or tma
city tendered a reception last evening at
the Grace M B. <"hureh to the Methodist
volunteer soldiers now stationed at the
Presidio. The event was one of the most
successful and elaborate ever undertaken
by the local leagues and the attendance
was large. Appropriate decorations were
everywhere In evidence. From the coil
ing over the pulpit hu^e streamers of the
national colors were gracefully festooned
ami on all sides were decorations of the
Stars am! Stripes;
two hundred of the soldiers boys
were entertained. As they marched down
the aisles to the front of the church the
audience rose and sang "America," wav
ing miniature flags. C. K. Perkins of the
Simpson M. E. Church was master of
les. He stated that thr> purpose
of the gathering was to extend a Chris
tian welcome to the soldier boys. The
address of welcome was delivered by
was common. He d'd not see any of
them approach the wagons and was
unaware of anything unusual occur
ring until informed of the accident
by a man who hailed him when about
a block off. He stopped his horse and
went back to where the hoy was lying
and had assisted In carrying him into
a house and then hastened off for Dr.
Torello, who lives near the Five-mile
house, and sent him out to attend to
Pratt.
He thought the injuries were slight,
as both wagons were empty at the
time, and that no serious damage was
done. He had intended to deliver him
self up to the police when approached
by Detective Fitzgerald.
Roper, who is a single man, resides
at Ocean View, but rooms near the
place of his employer, Adam Ifanna.
who visited him while in prison and
gave him to understand that he would
befriend him through his trial.
Rev. John Hannon of Alameda, a veteran
of the Confederate Army. His remarks
were replete with humor and wit and he
kept the audience in an uproar of laugh
ter from the time he was Introduced until
he bowed himself off the platform. He
said that. Nature joined with the people
in shouting a welcome to the returning
volunteers. "Even up the Sacramento
Valley," said ho, "the malaria stretches
forth its hands in welcome and says
'Shake.' The girls are reaching' out their
arms in welcome also, but I tell you
boys if you ever get those arms around
yen. your fat.- will be sealed."
Charl-s Jacobs, fourth vice president of
the Epworth Alliance, extended a wel
come in behalf of the league and the
Christian Endeavorers. He deplored the
fact that in all tho great celebration ar
ranged by the citizens of the city there
was no mention of a religious greeting to
th<- soldiers.
Other numbers on the programme were-
Chorus. "God Bless Our Land" forty
young ladles of the Grace M. E. Church
Under the leadership of Robert Husband-'
soprano solo, "The Star-Spangled Ban
ner." Mrs. August yon Benson; patriotic
recitation, Miss Lydla Jacob; song "The
Flag." double male quartet of Trinltv
M. E. Church: serenade for horn flute
obbligato. Professor H. L. Todd and L
Burris; medley of patriotic airs orches'
tra under the direction of Professor H. L.
Following the literary and musical
numbers the soldiers were banqueted in
the lower room of the church. Fourteen
tables were set. oach representing one of
the Methudist churches of the city which
had committees of young ladies in
charge.
Soldiers' Welcome Fund.
The citizens' committee for the recep
tion of the California volunteers reports
the following receipts up to September
5: Previously acknowledged, $62 907 n-
Coroner Ed R Hill. *20; A I. VoflW $5 :
N. Blaisdell. $5: Lowell High School' $3 :
George H. Howard, $2 50; total, ?35 5o :
total received to date, $62,942 61.
"Cam stop here," this Is the sign
The Market-Ft. Railway wish to define.
Pegamoid Aluminum does It for them;
Opposite "Call Bldg." 'fig a gem.
Manila
FIRST VISIT TO
THIS COAST OF
THE MARBLEHEAD
Over Four Months
Getting Here.
The United States cruiser Marblehead
arrived from New York via the Straits of
Magellan yesterday. She has been over
four months getting- here from the Barba
dos, but was only fifty-four days at sea.
All the rest of the time was spent in port
coaling or overhauling.
The Marblehead, in company with other
vessels of Sampson's fleet, rendezvoused J
at Saint Lucia in April last and on the
29th >>f that month the Newark and Mar- I
blehead were ordered to San Francisco.
The Marblehead had to stop thirteen
times on the way for coal, while the New
ark had to recoal only four times. Owing !
to her delay in the Straits of Magellan j
the Newark was the last to reach Callao. I
She was just making port as the Marble- I
head was leaving. She heat the Marble- i
head Into port, however, owing to her j
greater coal rapacity.
The voyage of the Marblehead was an
uneventfui one. There was no sickness j
and no accidents occurred, but twenty- i
two ut the men made things lively at i
Montevideo by deserting. They thought
they were cut out for cowboys so they
ran away and all of them succeeded in
reaching the interior. At Punta Arenas '
another man deserted, so the Marblehead '
lost twenty-three of her men, during the
voyage.
The sailors did not like the trip around
the Horn. T.hey had throe winters 'nside
of four months and that was running the i
extremes of heat and cold too close to j
suit them. In the Straits ot' Magellan '
they rearly froze to death while in the
-■ they were melting. There are a
number (>f time-expired men aboard the j
cruiser and they will be glad to receive |
their discharge. When she came into
port the Marhlehead anchored in the fair
way and in consequence she had to be i
moved. Rear Admiral Kautz's flag on the '
lowa ■was then saluted with thirteen guns i
and the battleship replied. The officers of
the cruiser are Commander H. G. O. ,
Colby Lieutenant Commander J. A. <
Nkkells, Lieutenants fl. 3. Willets, C. F. j
Williams and W. G. Hretherton, Passed
Assistant Surgeon S. G. Evans. ' Passed '
Assistant Paymaster H. A. Dent, Naval
Cadets W. P. Cromar, and R. B. White
and Pay Clerk W. P. Atwell. She carries
a crew of 218 men.
The Marblehead is a sister ship to the
Detroit and Montgomery and was built
at Boston in 1892. She has a speed of
seventeen knots and is a good, handy ves
sel. During the war with Spain she was
principally employed in bombarding small
places on the coast of Cuba.
The sailors on the British ship British
Isles had sonic- hard-luck stories to ;•!.
yesterday. The vessel made a smart run
of 118 days from Cardiff, but the nun say
they w< re treated like dogs. They assert
that they did not get proper food and the j
supply of water was limited, while in |
heavy weather they had to do double i
duty. As soon as the anchor was dropped !
the" men quit in a body and were taken \
ashore by the boatmen. They all )<-.i
from $30 to $40 wages behind them, but i
each of ihem asserts that he would loose !
twice these sums in order to get clear of ;
hir.
Captain Dunbar reports that off the
Horn the British Isles was in heavy
weather. Sails were blown away and
everything moveuble on deck was washed
overboard. On July 14 the British Isles
spoke the ship Sierra Miranda from
Penarth for Acapulco and the next day
the Pahane from Newcastle, England, for
San Francisco. The French bark Dugues
clln frnrr Newcastle. Australia and the
British ship Clnverdon from Swansea also j
reached port yesterday.
The steamer Fulton which went ashore
In the foe near Fort Point at 1:46 a. m. '.
>• sterday was got off during the morning, i
Captain Levlnson was fueling his way
into port when the tide carried the vessel
lin toward the shore and she took the
beach bow on. The tugs Reliance and '
Alert were soon on the scene but no as
siftance was required. With the aid of a
kedge the captain got the vessel off and
proceeded to Vallejo Junction, where the
steamer's cargo is now being discharged.
The Fulton was not damaged.
The training ship Aiiams returned from
Puget Sound and Portland yesterday and
the annual cruise of the apprentices is
over. Many of tru- boys will be drafted i
to the l'>wa, Newark, Marhlehead and
Philadelphia and next January a second
batch of young fellows will make a voy
age similar to the one just finished.
The brig Lurline arrived from Kahulul
yesterday having made the run in the
good time of nineteen days. The bark
Koderick Dhu, which left Hilo the day the
Lurline sailed from Kahului, has not yet
arrived.
The auxiliary cruiser Badger went to
sea yesterday morning with the members
of the Naval Reserve. She will get back
next Wednesday.
To Welcome Discharged Regulars.
A meeting of parents and friends of
the discharged regulars who are now on
their way home from the Philippines will
be held at Armory Hall, Ellis street, be
iw. . n Polk street and Van Ness avenue,
un Thursday at 8 p. m., for the purpose
of preparing a welcome.
The Boldlera to be entertained are those
who enlisted in the Third Artillery, the
Fourth Cavalry and the Fourteenth,
Eighteenth and Twenty-third Infantry.
Over 800 are Californlans. The meeting
Is called by a committee appointed at a
mrctiiis ht-ld las; night.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
How Mrs. Pinkham
' HELPED MRS, (lOODEN.
[LITTER TO MRS. FINKHAM NO. 12,733]
"I am very grateful to you for your
kindness and the interest you have
taken in me, and truly believe your
medicines and advice are worth more
to a woman than all the doctors in the
world. For years I had female troubles
and did nothing for them. Of course
I became no better and finally broke
down entirely. My troubles began
with inflammation and hemorrhages
from the kidneys, then inflammation,
congestion and falling of the womb
and inflammation of ovaries.
" I underwent local treatment every
day for some time ; then after nearly
two months the doctor gave me. permis-
sion to go back to work. I went back,
but in less than a week was com-
pelled to give up and go to bed. On
breaking down the second time, I de-
cided to let doctors and their medicine
alone and try your remedies. Before
the first bottle was gone I felt the ef-
fects of it. Three bottles of Lydia E.
Pinkham"s Vegetable Compound and a
package of her Sanative Wash did me
more good than all the doctors' treat-
ments and medicine.
•'The first remark that greets me
now is 'How much better you look!' and
you may be sure I never hesitate to tell
the cause of my health." — Mbs. E. J.
GOODKX, ACKI.KY, lA.
lA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PWLIC AMD ATTOBNET-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldjr.
Telephone Brown 981.
Residence, 821 California at., below Powell.
Ean FrancUco.
Hales.
Parisian millinery and pattern hats on view monday
colored velvets
we have 54 shades just in; all
new; elegan*- colorings; eighteen
inches wide $1.00 yard
black taffeta silk
one of the best Swiss makes; like
Swiss watches; we can recommend
it; 22 inches wide •
75c and Sot* yard
Venetian cloth
. in all staple colors and black;
strictly all wool; good, heavy qual-
ity; 36 inches wide; special value at
[ sOc yard
navy serge
a fine French make, in a small
twill; navy blue only; note the
extra width, 53 inches, and the
price *> Oc >' ard
new linings
black silesia, and all colors; the
best 10c grade, full 36 inches wide
8 l--c yard
the best 20c grade of silesia, in
slates, brown, tans and black
15c yard
fine lustral sateen; looks like silk;
permanent finish; specially adapt-
ed for fancy skirts, linings or un-
derskirts -10c yard
the newest underskirt
The "Recherche" shade for
Hale's from design brought from
Europe; jersey ribbed, close-fitting
skirt, with three deep silk ruffles
and deep dust flounce; gives proper
"hang" to habit back skirts and
tailor costumes Jplo.uU
new jackets
ladies' jackets, in black, brown
and blue; finely braided; silk lined
throughout, with new coat sleeve;
all sizes #10.00
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG. IN THE EMPIRE OF
Germany, on the 31st day of December A.
D 189!:. and for the year ending on that day
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of lections 610 and 611 of the political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner: CAPITAL .
Amount of Capital stock. P . a ! d .. UP .. 1 . n $750,000 00
C,&sn ...••••••••••••■•••••• •••••
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company .*=*?•*!? "
I,oans on Bonds and Mortgage! 1.211.031 3S
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,136, 459 19
Amount of Loans secured by pledge.
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 78.T0 TO i
Cash in Company's Office 11.-0S 3.
rash in Banks •• 228.854 '9
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ••••• 8,8.6 66
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion •••••• ••• 2SZ.S" 3S
Due from other companies for rein-
surance ■• 60i,3>7 64
Total Assets $5,108.48148
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 539,529 .8
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. i ;
reinsurance &0 per cent.^. 1,a95,239 (8
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $ :
reinsurance pro rata 274. odd .7
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 2,900 00
All other demands against the Com-
pany 216.317 id
Total Liabilities $2,631,543 OS
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums • .»i.81?,125 72
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ••• • • • ••••• 47 250 16
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 89,739 54
Received from all other sources 6S.3Sa IS
Total Income $4,023,530 60
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $610,190 98, losses of pre-
vious years) $2,534.606 78
Dividends to Stockholders 312,500 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 769,774 14
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 212,249 66
Paid for State. National and local
tuxes • 75,131 S6
All other payments and expendi-
tures 143,905 86
Total Expenditures $4,108,168 30
Losses incurred during the year. fire. 52, 594. 606 73
EMIL F. MIETHKE. Vice President.
RUDOLF BERNDT, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th
day of April, 1899.
HENRY M. DIEDERICH, U. S. Consul at
Magdeburg.
GUTTE & FRANK,
MANAGERS.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
303 CALIFORNIAST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI».
P?*tt9r»3B k «3g[ 'Sh fB m*^*^*S3
Boa ****^ jk vA BY vBl
■Pa Ks**?^» yfBB Bl BBS KA
H^ffißV BB H^^^EH
I | R B fEWB Km RSSj fd H 6&fm
HI A±& Ih^ fM JL^^H
M n m eH tfxS bJ] km! a ma h
E9 4s ■ Kua Ktxm fit] k39 E) B^B Km
/mm T?^— "fff^l-^' ■■ > t-M..lm«_^B
T>T>TTCXIT7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
ijl\U UilLkJ" 3 - bootblacks, bath-
***•■• **** houses, billiard tables,
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyer* flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
■tablemen, tnr-roofem, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
<Ll>>*"3^ INJECTION. ;!
I A PERMANENT CURE I
! i of the moat obstinate capes of Gonorrhoea i [
i ' and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
i ] days ; no other treatment required. $
< i Sold by all druggists. , >
rtil"P nOIII I Corner Fourth and
PALL UliuAl Market. S. F. Try
I 1 1 X P XI I I 11 1 our Special Brew
uHLi nU I H L steam and L *« er i
Will I. 1 1 UI 1 1 U> 6c. Overcoats and
iU Valises checked free.
Hales.
program:
to=day • - - • concert 2 p. m.
First Regiment Band.
Saturday -.-«-.- closed
Admission Day; off to Santa Cruz.
Monday - - ■ millinery event
Parisian styles, pattern hats and
novelties.
the concert :
1. March, "Camp Dewey". .A. Xeison Adams
2. Overture. "The Amazons" Kiesler
3. Duet (for cornets), "Fly Away, Little
Bird" ." Franz Abt
4. Waltz. "Hemembrfinee of Xaples.. ..Benn"t
3. Paraphrase. "Loreley" Clause
6. Medley overture, "A Nie-ht in New
fork Brooks
7. Polonaise. "A Royal iw-ree" Swift
8. "Recollections of the War" Beyer
». Selected
10. March, "Filipino" (with bupl»s)
A. Nelson Adams
11. Waltz, "Moonlight on the Hudson"
Andrew Herman
12. Descriptive selection, "The Frolic of
the Imps" Carlton
manila
music
composed by A. Nelson Adams, leader
First Regiment band, California Vol-
unteers. Written and printed in Man-
ila. P. 1.. United States of America.
The Soldier's Dream (song) llUt*
Sweethearts in Brown and Blue (song)
::.■»<•
Eighth Army Corps March 35c
Camp Dewey March 35c
Besjde the Pasig River (song) '2Tic
Filipino March '27>r
the boys' departure
handsome lithograph of "City of Pe-
king," 22x25; framed in antique oak,
with glass, ready for hanging ..$l.OO
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947
Market Street
AMUSEMENTS. I
COLUMBIANS i
LAST 5 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. CLAY CLEMENT
Presents His Tremendously Successful Inter-
pretation of Matthias In an Elaborate
Scenic Production of the Psycho-
logical Romance.
"THE BELLS."
A GREAT CAST IN SUPPORT.
NOTE— theater will be closed during the
weeks of September 11 and IS. The regular fall
and winter season will be inaugurated on the
25th by MODJESKA.
MATINEE TO-DAY. WED., Sept. 6.
Parquet, 25c. any Beat; balcony. 10c; child-
ren, 10c, any part.
Increased to Fifty In Number.
HUNGARIAN BOYS' MILITARY
BAND.
MONTRELIi.
• CHARLEY CASE.
FELIX MORRIS AND CO.
MOULIERE SISTERS.
APOLLO.
ARNOLD GRAZER & LA PETITE HAZEIi.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 552.
ONLY THIS WEEK!
Sousa's Glorious Comic Opera,
EL CAPITAN
Enthusiasm Greater Than Ever— Theater
Packed to the Doors.
NEXT WEEK— "FATINITZA."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— 15c. 25c,
85c, 50e.
At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat in
the theater. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
ALCAZAR ™
"Nothing More Amusing Has
Ever Been Seen."
CHRISTOPHER JR.
AS PRESENTED BY THE
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK CO.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEXT WEEK "THE WAGES OF SIN."
PRICES ~lsc 25c, 35c, 59c
OLYMPIA.
Eddy Street, Corner Mason.
The Only Free Vaudeville Show In the City.
Week Commencing MONDAY. September 4.
Odd, Daring and Sensational,
CIRDELIER BROS.
European Contortionists.'
Limited Engagement of
ED NOLAN,
The Man That Came Over From Ireland.
Continued Success,
ZOA MAT THEWS,
The Ragtime Musical Beauty.
THE KEESINGS. DOLLIE MITCHELL and
Others.
Matinees Every Sunday. Admission Free.
Amateur Night Every Friday.
PChlehcater> Encltih o!amoc<3 HranX
ENNYROYAL PILLS
«<fiTN. Original fend Only 6enntn«. A
> -y/TKov ••**. alwart reliable ladiei> aik /ffV
*r.f\_ykiria Druggist for Chichtstrr c Entittsk D.a-Jdfe.
h/*(jgi\l/f^mond -Brand In Bed ml (,■;,( ai«-.«llie\^W
X3k —TWraboiM. cc » l!Xl with bine rtnbo-i. Take YfiF
tW 41^ qvjno other. Ittfiue dnngmn. -, tulititu- v
I / "* JwtioniandimUati-iu. At l)rug-iitj, or Kid 4a
I V- JJf In •tmmpo for p u-ticclari. t-ntimooUlt m!
\V 19 . « K f, lla C/ ir-W lc^'* Utter, by '•«•* an
m\ if Mall. 10.000 TrstimoDtali. .v ,/ Taper.
•rii *T all Utai DnnglJU. T*t!TlGC|>T.. i ■'*
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
X EARN AND WASHINGTON Sio.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
$6 to $8 week: $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
Hales.
shirt waists
extraordinary
every inch of room needed
for new goods — the space shirt
waists take is worth more than
their company, hence —
all that were 50c, 75c and $1. in
wash waists, percales, dimities, etc.,
go now at Ur»c
all the dollar, dollar and a quar-
ter and dollar and a half kind go
now at sOc
20 dozen fine quality wash waists
that were from $1.50 to $3.00 each
go now at Tsc
IE dozen best wash waists, were
$2.00 to $4.00, go now at $1.00
new trimmings
renaissance all-over lace vestings,
18 inches wide, in new and rich de-
sign $S.OO yard
ecru point venise all-over vest-
ings, in applique designs
$5.00 yard
ecru all-over applique on fine silk
net $Is.oO yard
ecrne all-over imitation renais-
sance $1.50 yard
new gloves
new mocha gloves for ladies, just
in; we put a good deal of confidence
in this glove — enough to say we be-
lieve it the best mocha glove for
the money, and we guarantee it;
silk embroidered backs and self-
color clasps £1.00
ladies' 2-clasp capa gloves; a
good imitation of Dent's, for far
less money; well made, in latest
English tan« and reds, $1.OO; also
In misses' sizes $1.00
I AMUSEMENTS.
| TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAN 3 OPERA SEASON.
! AGAIN TO-NIGHT! AGAIN' TO-NIGHTf
The Greatest Rendition of
! "CARMEN"
I "Carmen" Repeated Friday and Saturday
Evenings.
The Superb Opera.
ROMEO AND JULIET
I THURSDAY. SUNDAY NIGHTS AND SAT-
URDAY MAT! NEK.
Next Week, the Season's Event,
"LOHENGRIN" "OTHELLO' 1
SEATS : OW ON SALE.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 centt
Order by Telephone. Bush 9.
MECHANICS FAIR
AND
PHILIPPINE EXHIBIT.
FILIPINO CIRCUS!
FILIPINO VILLAGE!
BENNETT'S CONCERT BAND OF 40 PIECES.
HON. WILLIAM J. BRYAN WILL VISIT
THE FAIR THIS AFTERNOON.
FRIDAY NIGHT— OF GETTYS-
BURG, with a regiment of volunteers from
Manila and a choruß of 300 voices.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON. BABY DAY.
Double Season Tickets $5.00
(To Members Half Price.)
SINGLE ADMISSION 25 cents
CONCERTS AND AESOKTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE AND HER LIONS
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO MORROW, AMATEUR NIGHT.
FAT LADIES' BOXING MATCH
Phone for Seats. Stelner ISSI. •
61TRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing. Including admission. 25; Children. 20c
THE WEEKLY CALL
of It Publishes the Cream off tb»
2 News of the Week and
: 3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o) ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THB BEST WEEKLY
01 PAPER ON THB
2 PACIFIC COAST
5v / "
~J The Best X /Mining
°) Telegraphic XX News Thai
c< Service on /\ Is Accurate
©< The Coast / X&uptodata
2/ V j
©J —
o{ Not a Line of ft Sensational
o) or Faky, and Not a Line of
2 it Dry or Uninteresting.
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Year
000000000000000006
§ T «- PALACE '."-"o
ZGRAND OSIMiM*
ft SAN FRANCISCO. o
I " Connected by a covered pa*Ba«eway. •
® 1400 3oom— 900 v. h Sath Attached. "
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICE*: ' O
O Bu ropes nP! an. fI.OO per day and upward O
! -. American Plan. $3.00 per day and upward A
i " CorreeponJence Solicited. *•
O JOHN 0. KIBKPATBICK. Huign. Q
00000000000000
X* %. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
&Lo**saJik »- '"* HEARSyW. £sUbllshed
fif- 9 s * Jiff '' I »»4 for the treatment of Private
jpi iV get I >iapji.sf.i. Lost Manhood. Debility or
.."fSBj^^fc'!' *f ;lst ' wearing on body and mind and
' W^BiSI^B ski " l>l*eascs. I fap<ic>ctorcuresw!ieu
i o^HBHH ntlifi s fail. Try him. Charges low.
Ciiie«suamnlf('il. Callorwrite.
Or. J. *'. UIBBOK. Box 1957. San Francisco.
; Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE D AMI AN A BITTERS, THB
treat Mexican remedy; gives health ami
1 strength to sexual organs. Depot, Sit liumt.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
again. Financial quotations unchanged.
ler decline in Wheat. Barley inactive.
md Rye quiet and unchanged.
lay excessive. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull at previous prices.
Potatoes and Onions show little variation.
Vegetables continue in oversup ply and cheap.
Poultry market depressed by large receipts from the East.
Butter lower, Eggs steady and Cheese in better supply.
Canning Reaches, Rears and Plums continue firm.
Grapes plentiful and slow of sale.
Mexico}'. Limes higher.
Dried Fruit market shows no particular change.
Provisions inactive at easy prices as a rule.
Small sales of new Hops at good prices.
Hides and Wool as previously quoted.
Hogs in large receipts and easier. Oilier Meats unchanged,
drain Bags easy. Fruit Bags in good demand.
No further change in Oils.
Cumberland Coal advanced. Coal generally firm.
Fine demand for Lumber.
Charters.
The Harry Morse loads ooa! at Seattle for
this port.
Dried Fruit in New York.
The New York Commercial Bays: "There is
no charge in the dried fruit situation. Sales
are chiefly of small lots for Immediate con-
Btunpflon or to complete broken assortments.
There Is no change in futures. "While rumors
ere plentiful enough regarding sales. it 18 im
possible to find that any of the reported trans
actions have been closed. Buyers and sellers
alike are firm in their views, and until one or
the other makes concessions trade will be light.
"Prunes remain practically unchanged. There
are unconfirmed rumors of large sales, but co
far as known none has been consummated.
Quotations ranee from sic for 40-60*8 down to
Ec for small sizes. Outside goods have been
bought lees than Be, but the quantity has prob
ably been insufficient to really make a mar
ket". The crop promises well, and It is said
that young trees Doming into bearing this year
will yield enough to make good the shortage in
"Washington and Oregon; No important export
business has been done yet, and inquiry from
the other sine is reported light.
"There are report? that prunes have been or
fered below quotations, but confirmation is im
possible There is a suspicion that some parties
are trying to force the price down by persist
ently circulating these reports. Conditions are
unchanged, and if any quantity of new goods
has been offered under the opening quotations
the particulars art- beins kept very secret.
'Teaches appear to be stagnant. The asking
nrlce is Cv64c for Immediate shipment, but it
Is said that a few sales have been made below
that figure. Holders are reluctant to • force
business by reducing quotations, and buyers do
not care to invest much money at present
prices, with the possibility of a drop staring
them in the face.
"Apricots are nearly all gone from first
hands, and holders are stiff in their views on
prices The shortage in cans hurt apricots less
than peaches, because canning was about done
before the shortage developed.
"Opening prices on raisins are expected dally
and until they come little or no business will
be done. Some sales are being made subject to
association figures, but In the main trade in
all positions 16 very quiet."
Weather Report.
One Hundred and Twentieth Meridian— Pacific
Time.)
PAN FBANCIBCO, Sept. 5, Sp. m.
The following maximum temperatures were '
rted from stations in California to-day:
Eureka •'■' San Diego €6 j
jTresnc M; Sacramento (S
Li Vngeles ' Independence !>4 ,
Bluff SO Yuma 100 |
Him Luis Obisp 1 — M
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL:
FORECAST.
Pan Fran rf .Maximum temperature,
Inlmum, 54: mt-an, 60.
The pressure bun risen rapidly over the en- j
tire W( If of the country. Over North
ern California, Oregon and Washington there
nearly two-tenths of an in'-h
j n pressure 'lurine the past twenty-four hours.
The Umi erature ha? risen slowly over the
rorthern half of the Pacific Coast. In the preat
valleys ol California the temperature Is still
from . • w the normal.
A maximum wind velocity of twenty-eight
miles per hour from the northwest is reported
Lake 1 ity.
Pore ■ eat Pan Francisco for thirty
I g midnight September 6, 1899.
Ft Northern California— Fair Wednesday;
warmer in the interior; lipht westerly winds.
For Southern California— Fair Wednesday;
■warmer In f h^; Interior; fresh northerly winds.
For Nevada— Fair; warmer Wednesday.
warmer Wednesday.
For Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednes
days enntined warm weather; brisk west winds
at nifl ALEXANDER McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nnv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. s.— The buoyancy of a
handful of individual stocks gave an appear
ance of considerable strength and activity to
the stock market, but outside of these few
Stocks the market was narrow and apathetlo to
the last degree. Shortly after the opening
Northwestern was marked up sharply and the
usual response was made in other numbers of
the Vanderbilt group. Union Pacific also fol
lowing the lead. As was the case last week
the heavy offerings of Union Pacific brough
out on the advance checked the enthusiasm of
the buying, and operations in that particular
group were for the most part discontinued.
Northwestern' extreme rise was 4%, the pre
preferred 8 points above the previous sale;
Omaha 8: Xew York Central and Union Pa
cific over a point. New York, Chicago and St.
Louis stocks advanced from I*4 to 4 points on
a rumor that Judicial aid was to be sought to
enforce asserted rights to dividends. The coal
ers were In good demand, Lackawanna leading
with a rUe of 3%. Gains in this group were
not maintained entirely. Other railroad stocks
which roue a point or over were St. Paul pre
ferred, Colorado Midland preferred. Wheeling
and Lake Rrie second preferred. Hocking Val
ley and Chicago Great Western preferred A and
B. Transactions elsewhere in the railroad list
■were quite Insignificant. There was a Blight
response In the early dealings to the depres
sion In tho London market. The bulk of the
trading was in the more volatile specialties.
Tennessee Coal was the most cons;jiauous fig
ure In to-day"B markets. After dropping a
fraction, it was aggressively Ufti-d by suoces
slvb stages 9 full points, and closed at 108. the
ton price.. Colorado Fuel apparently sympa
thized with It* movement and ros<; an extreme
EH There was good demand for Republic Steel
at "an advance of 2*4, and Federal Steel rose a
■point Otherwise the Iron and steel stoclt3
showed but a slight response. The New York
municipal stocks, Including both gas and trac- j
tion stocks, were quite buoyant and show gains \
of from 2 to 6 points, the latter Metropolitan
Street Railway. American Tobacco rose an j
extreme 3 points and Sugar 1%. Chicaro Ter- |
minal Transfer preferred grained 2. Rates for
call Joans were firm at 3 per cent or over, and
the first deposits of money at the sub-treasury !
for shipment to the South, amounting to $100,- |
000 were made this morning. The decline in I
the Item of "due to other banks" In the state- I
meat of New York National banks li cited to
explain the recent drain on the deposits of New
York banks. A coincident increase in the same
item of the Philadelphia banks indicates that
outside banks have transferred their deposits
on a large scale from New York banks to other
cities The explanation Is the rule of New
York Clearing-house banks lately enforced to
charge foV collection of checks from outside
IX The*" announcement last week of the with- |
drawal of a prominent trust company from the
ClearU«-hoiise privileges with its decision to
discontinue the Practice of charging for the
ooHection .of outside checks has brought the
futject prominently into notice One effect
evidently will be to shift part of the demand
for money to mov« the crops from New York
to oSSS otttM. which bave iucrewed their 4t-l
posit account by the deposits of Eastern and
Southern bank?.
The bond market was quiet and changes
were email and mixed. Total sales, $1. 455,000.
United States bonds were unchanged in bid
quotations.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
sold. Stocks— BUI.
2,400 Atchison 22%
21,520 Atchison preferred CO
2.270 Baltimore & Ohio 54Vi
Canadian Pacific 96%
150 Canada Southern 54%
500 Central Pacific 57%
2,400 Chesapeake & Ohio 28%
3.0."0 Chicago Great Western 16U
2,610 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 13liMi
100 Chicago Ind. & Louisville 9%
Chicago Ind & Louisville preferred 41
800 Chicago <* Eastern Illinois 97
6,450 Chicago & Northwestern 171*
2,990 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 119%
6.000 C C C & Bt Louis '-51...s 1 ...
Colorado Southern .".'4
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 46
200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 1" ■_.
2.t'.4i Delaware and Hudson 124
3,0-10 Delaware Lack & Western 181
1,000 Denver & Rio Grande 22%
SOO Denver <£ Rio Grande prefd 77'< 8
Erie 18%
Erie Ist prefd 89
Great Northern prefd 160
■- Hocking Valley 18
2,427 Hocking Valley 36%
Illinois Centra] 114%
100 lowa Central 14%
100 lowa Central prefd oS'i.
400 Kansas City Plttsburg & Gulf 10%
200 Lake Erie £ Western 20%
l,ake Erie & Western prefd 79%
Lake Shore 201%
6,750 Louisville & Nashville 81%
4.100 Manhattan Elevated 114^
4,77." Metropolitan Street Railway 210%
400 Mexican Central 14%
800 Minneapolis & St Louis 76%
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 97
5,550 Missouri Pacific 45%
200 bile & Ohio 48
475 Missouri Kansas & Texas 14
2,60" Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd — 43%
6.200 New Jersey Central 120
8,950 New York Central 130%
1,700 Norfolk & Western -•■i
1.000 Norfolk & Western prefd'. 71 s ;
6.000 Northern Pacific 56%
1.750 Northern Pacific prefd 77',
3,040 Ontario & Western 27%
300 Oregon Railway & Nay 47
Oregon Railway & Nax prefd 77
5,400 Pennsylvania 135%
100 Reading 22
4,500 Reading Ist prefd 61*;
4 io Reading 2d prefd 33*;
Rio Grande Western 8-'?
Rio Grande Western prefd 82
100 St Louis & San Fran 11%
360 St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 70%
SO) St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 37%
100 St Louis Southwestern 16%
1 800 St Louis Southwestern prefd 37"- 8
9,625 St Paul l3l ! ,
640 St Paul prefd 177%
1.062 St Paul & Omaha 123
9,690 Southern Pacific 36
2,500 Southern Railway 17%
391 Southern Railway prefd 55%
4,900 Texas & Pacific 20%
20,320 Union Pacific 48
11,475 Union Pacific prefd 804
Wabash 774
200 abash prefd 22%
3.050 Wheeling & Lake Erie 12%
2,102 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 31%
250 Wisconsin Central IS
P C C &. St Louis 77%
Express Companies —
Adams 115
American - 152
United States 50
100 Wells-Fargo 132
Miscellaneous — ..
2,123 American Cotton Oil 4*
American Cotton Oil prefd 93%
500 American Malting 15
900 American Malting prefd 86%
600 American Smelting & Refining 42%
1,260 American Smelting & Refin prefd.. 91
American Spirits 4
American Spirits prefd 30%
700 American Steel Hoop 38%
800 American Steel Hoop prefd.'. S4
2,400 American Steel & Wire 57%
900 American Steel & Wire prefd 89
2,400 American Tin Plate 48
American Tin Plate prefd 90
84,710 American Tobacco - 130%
American Tobacco prefd 1«
950 Anaconda Mining Co CCi
8,876 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 106>i
15,950 Colorado Fuel & Iron 66%
6,775 Continental Tobacoo 47%
3 284 Continental Tobacco prefd 95%
10.700 Federal Steel 61%
1220 Federal Steel prefd 82%
General Electric 124
325 Glucose Sugar 64%
Glucose Sugar prefd 105%
1.400 International Paper 31%
200 International Paper prefd 77
2,200 Laclede Gas 68%
300 National Biscuit 47%
National Biscuit prefd 100
National Lead 31
180 National Lead prefd ». 110
400 National Steel „ £6
400 National Steel prefd 97%
New York Air Brake 16S
1,950 North American 12%
100 Pacific Coast - 46%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd ...-,.„ 84
Pacific Coast M prefd 8314
500 Pacific Mall 46%
4,650 People's Gas .— 119%
600 Pressed Steel Car -»~ 59%
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd ~ . 89%
Pullman Palace Car —...168
Standard Rope & Twine. 8%
11.050 Sugar 167%
Sugar prefd 119
23 450 Tennessee Coal & Iron 108
8,655 United States Leather 10%
500 United States Leather prefd 75%
150 United States Rubber 49%
100 United States Rubber prefd 115%
135 Western Union 88%
2.148 Republic Steel 32%
2,420 Republic Steel prefd 78%
419,500 shares sold.
STOCKS AND BONDS.
USJs reg 100% M X & T Bds 73%
do 3e 108% do 4a 94%
do coup 10S% N T Cen l*ts 112
do new 4s reg 130%1N J Cen gen os ...120%
do coup 180% N Carolina 6s 129
do old 4s regr....ll6'<i do 4s ......I<H
do coup 113 No Pac late 113
do 6s reg 111% do 3s «7
do coup 111% do 4s 104%
Dirt Colum 8.655.. 117 N V C & St L 45. .108
Ala class A. 109 Norf & W con 4s. 61%
do 13 109 I do gen 6s 125
do C 103 Or Xav Ists ...113%
do currency 102% I do 4b 103%
Atrhlson gen 4s 102% Or Short Line 65.. 129
do ajt 4s 88% do con 5s 117%
Can So 2ds 103 Reading gen 45.... 87%
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 96% R Q West Ists.... 98
do Bs 119% St L & I M con 55. 114
C & NW con 75. ...145 St L & S F gen 65. 124
do S F deb 55. ...128 8t Paul cons 178 1
Chi Term 4s 98% St P C & P 1et5... 121 i
D & X Q lsts pf..lO6'v do 5s 122 ,
do 4s 100%! So Railway 6s no
ETVa *Qi lsts.lOS S Rope & Twine 6s 87
Erie Gen 4s. 72% Ter m new set 3s. r *
Ft W & D C Ist.. 80 Tex & Pac 15t5.... 115%
Oen Elec 6s lit : do 2ds prof 56'
G ASA 8s 108 Union Pac 4s 106
do 2d6 108 Wabash lsts ....:. 115%
H A Tex Cen 85... .111%; do 2ds pref 101
do con 6s 112 West Shore 4s pf.H3>4
lowa Cen Ists 116 Wis Cent 15t5...... 79
X C P A G Ists:.. 73<-4 Va cent 87%
La new con 4? 106 do deferred .... 5
L & Nash un! 45..160 C & 8 4s 87
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar .......:.... 35 Ontario ..;......... 700
Crown Point ...... 20 Ophlr : 100
Con Cal & Va — 1 70 Plymouth 10
Deadwood „.. 60; Quicksilver »..»».. 200
Gould ft Curry,,,. BQI do preXd, ■„.,.., 760
■ ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER «, 1899.
Hale & Norcross.. SO Sierra Nevada — 80
Homestake 65 00 Standard ■ 2 65
Iron Stiver 50 Union Con 25
Mexican 50! yellow Jacket -<•
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westlngh Elec 49
Call loans S@4H do prefd 6SV4
Time loans 4@5 Bonds—
Stocks— lAtchis-on 4s 100
Atchison 22%iX*e\v England 65.. .112
do prefd 66 I Mining shares—
Am Su?;ir . 157% Adventure 9 i
Bell Telephone ....383 jAllouez Mln C 0.... 6% j
Boston & Albany.. 264 ! Atlantic 30
Boston Elevated. .loß^ Boston & M0nt.... 350
Boston & Maine... 2oo Butte & 805t0n.... 74
C B & Q 136 (Calumet & Heda.S4o
Fltchburg prefd. ..US Centennial 36
Federal Steel 61% Franklin 20
do prefd SI 1 Humboldt 2%
Mexican Cent 14- I Osceola 89
Mich Telephone... loo Parrot 51*4
Old Colony 208 (Qulncy 160
Old Dominion .... 35 | Santa Fe Copper... 14*»
Rubber 49% Tamarack 22S
Union Pacific 47 Winona 11
Union Land 7 Wolverines 46
West End 95 I Utah ' 42&
The Money Market.
NEW YORK. Sev*. s.— Money on call, 8 to 6
per cent; last loan. S. Prime mercantile paper,
4V'i:' per cent. Sterling exchange, firm, with
actual business in bankers 1 bills, J4 86*4 6>
4 So'-j for demand and at $4 S3> 11 ©4 S3V4 tor sixty
days; poeu?d rates, $4 84 ©4 87H: commercial
bills, $4 83; silver certificates, 59\0 to 60c; bar
silver, 69 7-lBc; Mexican dollars, 47% c, Govern
ment bonds, steady; State bonds, strong; rail
road bonds, Irregular.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. The Commercial Ad
vertiser's Ix>ndon financial cablegram says:
Business was very dull to-day. The market
was weak in line on the Jewish holiday. The
Transvaal situation was unsettling', but the
i close was rather brighter. Americans opened
I firm, but were neglected till New York bought
Union Pacific and New York Central. The
close wat cheerful.
The Spanish fours were 60%, Tlntos 46%,
Anacondas 11%. Gold to the amount of £39,-
OCu -. bars was bought; £20,000 was sent to the
Cape.
Money was plentiful. Call money was 2 p«r
cent; weekly loans 2%. Into October 2%. Bill*
were nominally unchanged and few were of
fered. Banks are avoiding long dates. Parlb
! and Berlin exchange unaltered.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Sept. s.— Canadian Pacific, 99%:
Union Pacific preferred. 82%; Northern Pacific
preferred, 79%; Grand Trunk, 8 1 *: Atchison, 23;
Anaconda, 11%. Bar silver, quiet; 28% d per
I ounce. Money, 2 per cent.
# — <»
New York Grain and Produce.
» : — *
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— FLOUR— Receipts,
75.G43; exports, 40,935. Quiet and weak at s@loc
decline; winter patents, $2 6093 70; winter
straights, $5 25(q3 86; Minnesota patents, 13 75@
3 90; • inter extras, $2 35@2 75.
WHEAT— 434,200 exports. 601,832;
spot easier; No. 2 red, 74>s 1. 0. b. afloat spotf;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 7S%c f. o b. afloat to
arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth, SlV*c to arrive; No.
2 red, ZJ%c elevator. Options opened steadier
at %c advance on firm cables. There was a
sharp decline under weak Northwest market
advances, liquidation, heavy spring wheat re
ceipts and an increase In the visible, but gave
rallies on covering, closing steady at Vti/-%c
net decline. May, 7S\r^79 sc, closed l.'c: Sep
tember, .- 11-16@73 7-lbc, closed 72jic; Decem
ber, 75 9-16<5-76%c, closed 7i%c.
HIDES—
WOOL— Steady.
HOPS— DuII.
METALS- Increased activity and firmness
were apparent in spot tin, spelter and pig iron,
with final Mil prices In some Instances ma
terially higher as a result of the larger de
mand. The improvement was also due in part
to good news from the English market and bril
liant market reports from Western metal cen
ters. At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants, firm at »1« 50.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $18 50.
TlN— Firm for spot, easy for futures, with
131 85 bid and 182 26 asked.
LEAD— Unchanged, with $4 60 bid and *4 62%
asked.
SPELTER— Firmer, with $5 50 bid and $5 70
asU';-.!. ' - ;,':■
The brokers' price for lead is $4 35 and for
copper, $l.s 50.
COFFEE Options closed quiet, unchanged to
five points lower. Sales, 17,750 bags, including
Ootobei ?4 35; November, a (0; December, ?4 <'■••
Hi 65; March, $4 80; May, f4 90; June, »4 »5;
July, $fi; August, $5 00.
Spot Coffee— Rio dull and nominal; No. 1 in
voice. 5%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild, quiet
and barely steady; Cordova, 6%®llUc.
SUGAR— Raw steadier In tone, but not quot
ably higher; refined, quiet but steady.
BUTTER- Receipts (three days), 17,616 pack
ages. Market strong. State dairy, 15@19c;
State creamery, 15%@21; Western creamery, 16%
C(i'ilc; June creamery, lSig2lc; factory, 13<gl5c;
imitation creamery, 14®17c.
EGGS— Receipts (three days), 20,388 pack
ages. Market firmer; Western ungraded at
mark, 12igl6c.
California Dried Fruits.
NEW YORK. Sept. 6.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7%c;
prime wire tray, 8%@8%c; choice, B%@9c; fancy,
9@»%c.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 14c; Moorpark, 14@16c
PEACHES— Unpeeled, S@ll%o.
Chicago Witeat Market.
I CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— The first Impulse of
' traders in wheat was to buy slightly higher,
i quotations from Liverpool overshadowing for
■ the time the heavy receipts elsewhere. The
i result was an opening: advance of about %<§)
1 140 In December and *ie In September, De
i cember starting at 71%<&71% and September at
! 69 T 4c. A short period of realizing followed,
during which December declined to 71*60, but
' the steadiness displayed by corn and some
i rather bullish reports on the condition of the
' spring wheat crop sent the price back to the
opening figures, where they held for a short
time. Everything else In the way of news fa
vored the selling side, and before 11 o'clock
the market began to weaken, and from that
! time to the close deferred futures exhibited
more or leas weakness. September, however,
; was quite steady. The elevator people were
i buyers of September on account of the small
carrying charge, and the premium between
i September and December was reduced to l*4o.
Marked weakness developed in the northwest,
and a good many selling orders cams from
' that section, which influenced the real trad
! ing.
Both Duluth and Minneapolis declined fart
' er and further than Chicago, and predicted
'■■ a continuance of heavy receipts. This, with
I the poor cash demand, had a marked influence
1 on trading in December and May, and made
: those options th« object of considerable
: liquidation and short selling. Speculation at
: times was nearly at a standstill, which made
; the cash weakness more apparent. Toward the
1 close there was a tendency to cover by shorts
i who bad sold earlier In the day, and this
: caused slight rallies. December declined to
70% c and advanced -to 71 ©71 Vie, where it
closed. September closed at «9Slo.
Corn showed considerable firmness In view
1 of the enormous crop estimates, and after a
i period of weakness, early, ruled higher to the
1 close. The weather in the corn belt was dry
j and hot. and there was apparently some ap
; prehension of damage, complaints of which
were numerous. - September was especially
strong. December closed at Vl<ff%c higher.
Oats were steady, but very dull, prices keep
ing within a narrow range. The market in
general followed corn, and closed at a slight
1 advance. There was some buying by Septem
ber shorts. Thf> shipping demand was fair.
December closed a shade higher. September
closed He higher.
Provisions were steady, notwithstanding
lower cables and reports of yellow fever at
Key West. Belling was l*«ht and scattered,
and the demand fair. The utrength of corn
helped the market, everything closing firm
at an advance. At the etose October pork was
7*4 c higher, lard 7*4 c higher. t> ribs TVi^lOc
higher.
j The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat Ho. 8—
September 69% 70H 6SH 69%
December 71*4 71% 70« TIH
May - 74*4 74*4 78% 74%
Corn No. —
September 81% 81% . 81% 81%
December 29*4 29% 28% 29%
May 30*4 SO', 29 14 SO
Oats No. —
September 20% 2C% 20% 20%
December 20>4 • 20*4 20 20%
May.... 21% 21** 21% 21&
Mess Pork, per barrel-
September : •- • • • • • - . . 8 02*4
October 8 07*4 8 12*4 8 02% '8 12%
January ...9 50 965 9 47% 865
Lard, per 100 pounds—
September 520 5 27*4 520 6 27*4
October 6 25 6 30 6 25 5 30
January '.- ..5 42*4 6 474 8 42% 6 47%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
September 6 02*4 6 11*4 6 02*4 6 12*4
October 515 6 22*4 615 6 22*4
January 495 500 495 .6 00
Cash Quotations were as follows;
Flour, steady; No. 8 spring . wheat, 68ffl88£c; .
No. 2 red, 72c; No. 2 corn, 32c; No. 2 oats, 21 1 4'<?
2l\c; No. 2 white, 23@-24e; No. 3 white, 22}4@
22 L 2C; No. 2 rye, 64%<g55c; No. 2 barley, 35%©
40c; No. 1 flaxseed, $riß^@l 19: ■ prime timothy
seed, $2 30@2 35; mess pork, per barrel, ?7 2.Va
8 15; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 12%@5 27%; short
ribs sides (loose), $4 9fl@s 25; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), $5 60©5 62%: short clear sides
(boxed), $5 46©5 50; whisky, distillers" finished
goods, per gallon, $1 22.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 34,000 26,000
Wheat, bushels 173,000 49,000
Corn, bushels ; 1,190.000 604,000
Oats, bushels '972,000 674,000
Rye, bushels 18,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 86,000 2,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery, 1 20 c; dairy, 13(3
17c. Cheese, firm, DVfilOKc Eggs, firm; fresh,
13%@14C.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL..
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 9V6 .'ll% 6 1%
Closing 5 9H 5 11% 6 1%
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 19 50 20 65
Closing ...". 19 50 20 70
■ Flour —
Opening 26 90 27 45
Closing 26 90 27 45
Visible Gram Supply.
NEW YORK, Sept. The Commercial Ad
vlelble supply of grain in store and afloat Sat
urday as compiled by the New York Produce
Exchange, is as follows; Wheat, 34,972,000
bushels, increase 175.000: corn, 6,376.000, decrease
235,000; oats, 5,085,000, increase 278,000; rye. 528.
--000, decrease 8000; barley, 944,000, Increase 610,
--000. •
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, Sept s.— Porter Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartlettß, $1
@1 90 a box and 70c a half box; Idaho, $1 10
a box. drapes— Tokays, Jl 06@l 20, half crate;
Malagas, !« | c<s'sl 06, half orate. Peaches—Sal
ways, 96c@Jl 06 a box; George's Late, 950 a
1 box Prunes— Gros, $1 40 half crate. Ten cars
■ fruit sold.
NEW YORK, Sept. s.— Porter Bros. Com
| pany's sales of (^iilifnrnia fruit: Pears—Bart
letts, $1 2B@S a box and $1 a half box; Law
■ rence, $1 5i a box. Peaches— Salways, 85c<gjl 25
! a box; Orange Cling. 2UCa.sl 05; IMcquets, $1 05
@1 10; Late Crawfords, 40@65c; Heath. 6'ic; Me-
Devltts. $1 06®l 10; < 'lings. 85c: Strawberry, 70
. George's Late, 90i-asl 20; reilow Free,
•■; Freestones, SI 05. i'lums— lckworth,
! l\ 70 a half crute: Egg, 35@50c; Kelseys, 75c@
! Jl 20 a half crate and %\ G5 box. O rapes— To-
I kays, $1 20@2 30 a half crate; Muscat
- $1 a half crate. Prunes— Hungarians, 85@95c a
i half crate; Qermans, $1 86; silver. 50c®$l 10 a
I half crate. Fifteen cars sold to-day.
The Earl Fruit Company realized the follow
ing prices at auction to-day:
NEW YORK, Sept. 5- -Grapes— Tokay, single
crates, $1 20Jfl 50, average $1 46; Malaga
$140. average 1112; Muscat. 65®70c, average
66c Peaches— Salway, 70@85c, average 81c.
ivius -Bartlett, boxes, 75cS?$2 40, average Jl 58;
Seckel. single crates, 70c@95c, averagi
Fifteen cars sold to-day. Favorable weather.
BOSTON. Sept. 6. — Grapes— Malaga, single
crates, !i";i7sc, average 74": Muscat. 45@55c,
average 50c; Tokay, 80c@JJ ?>, average $1 03.
Peaches.— Late Crawford, boxes, Sl'g 1 35, aver
age $1 20: McDevitt Cling, 650©5 l In, average
89c; Sal way, 45Ci?Jl 16, average 91c; Straw
berry Cling. 66#80c, average 80c. Prunes, sin
gle crates. 'Jl li^i 1 V). average $1 IS). Eleven
' cars sold to-day. FavuraHe weather.
CHICAGO, Sept. 5. Grapes— Malaga, single
crates, 90c@$l, average 98c; Tokay, 7ricv.il 35,
average $1 09. Pears— Bartlett. boxes. $1
average $182. Peaches— Picquet's Late, boxes,
average 85c; Late Crawford, 80@S6c, average
S4c. Prunes — German, single crates, $1 25<g
1 35, average Jl 34; Gros, $1 50@i 70, average
$1 65; Silver, average 95c. Eleven cars sold to
day. Favorable weather.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Sept. s.— The firm tone in the wool
market continues, although a fair amount of
business has been done. Sales of territory
predominate, with 50 cents as the basis for
scoured fine medium and fine.
Fleece wools have had a better call this
week, at 31@32c for Ohio XX and above.
There is not much doing in Australian wools
here, as the available supply is very small,
partlclarly In fine wools.
Quotations: Montana and Dakota, fine me
dium and fine, lS^lSc; scoured, ."'"5T.2c; staple,
55(<T57c; Utah, Wyoming, fine medium and fine,
18®lSc; scoured, BOc; staple, 63@65c; Idaho,
fine medium and fine, 16@17c; scoured, 50®
Sic; medium. 17@lSc; scoured, 45@46c.
Australian, scoured basis combing superfine,
SO(QS2c; good, 7f!§ s oc; average, 75@77c.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. S.— CATTLE— There was the
usual light Tuesday supply of cattle, offerings
consisting mostly of Westerns. Sales were slow
at barely steady prices. Good to choice cattle,
$5 70(36 60; commoner grades, $4 10@5 65; stock
ers and feeders, $3 l."//4 85: bulls, stags, cows
and heifers, 12#5 35: Texas steers, $3 50@
4 20; rangers, $3 40f(7> 40; calves, $4 f>o@7 25.
HOGS— The demand for hogs was poor, in
spite of the light run. and no improvement in
prices was needed. Heavy hogs, $454 55; mixed
lots, $4 16@4 62%; light, $4 20@4 70; pigs, ?3 40@
4 40: culls, |2@B 95.
SHEEP — There was a good demand at strong
prices for sheep and the better lots of lambs
and at easier prices for ordinary lambs. She ,■.
J3 25®4 25 for Western rangers, ?4fi4 50 tor
yearlings, $3 70^4 for Texas; common lots.
$2 25; lambs, 13 25@6, with a few choice lots
bringing $6 15@6 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 5000;. hogs, 10,000; sheep,
14,000. |
.•„•■-. - ■> . - '
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $279,971,001; gold reserve.
J249.246.254.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., tSept. 6.— Clearings, $434,
--167; balances, $63,988.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. Clearings. $434,
--wheat sallinz that it 13 almost impossible to
secure an accurate quotation. The milling de
mand is taking up the little amount that is
obtainable and 69c has been paid for Walla
Walla, with valley bringing 61<@62c for good
stock.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. s.— Wheat remains dull, with
light receipts. Ralne have delayed the harvest
and but little of the old crop is cominir in.
Prices »re nominal at 57c for club and 600 for
blue em. .
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept. Consols, 105 1-16; silver,
27%; French rentes, lOOf 62Vic; wheat cargoes off.
coast, less offering; cargoes on passage, nomi
nal, unchanged; English country markets,
quiet; Import Into United Kingdom, wheat 290,
--000 quarters, flour 200,000 quarters.
LIVERPOOL., Sept. 6.— Wheat, firm; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet; weather in England, bril
liant,
COTTON— Uplands, 3 15-38.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 1 Northern spring, firm,
6sl',id; futures, quiet; September, 5s 9V4d; De
cember, 5s ll*4d.
CORN— Spot— mixed, new, easy,
3s 4V4d; do old, easy, 3s 4^d; September, quiet,
3s 4V4d; October, quiet, 3s 5V4d; November,
steady, 3s 6d.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days,
96,000 centals, including 92,000 American.
Receipts of American corn during past three
days, 127,000 centals. j
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85%
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, flight. — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — .12'/?
Mexican Dollars 48 48**
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69&
IVh-eat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The spot rate ts 3Gs 3d,
usual options, and there is only one disen
gaged vessel In port, against a tonnage of
43,000 on the same date last year. The char
tered wheat fleet In port has a registered ton
nage of 22,000, against 13,400. The tonnage on
the way to this port has a register of 206,600,
against 108,800. . "• •
■ WHEAT— market Is excessively dull,
and a further decline is noted, both on and off
call.
The Marguerite Dollfus takes for Cork 67,287
ctls, valued at J80, 131. •
The Eastern and foreign markets were
slightly lower. At Chicago the bears had the
advantage, and it will require, fresh buying to
sustain prices. The demand was chiefly to fill
shorts. Receipts from the Northwest In
. creased. Russian shipments were 100,000 bush-.
■ ■ - '. -.■---- ■-■■■ -- - .-. _^V.i,- • .
els, but there was a decrease of 1,500,000 bushels
on passage.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 08%@l 05; milling,
?1 07&@l 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
20C0 ctls, $1 10.
Second Session— 4ooo ctls, $1 10%;
4000, SI 10%.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — December — 6000 ctls,
?1 10%. '
BARLEY— The market was very dull, and
I there was no demand, either on. or oft call.
Prices stood about the same.. :
Feed, 80@86o; Brewing, 90@95c; Chevalier.
$1 10@l 22% per ctl. ,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Dullness still characterizes the mar
ket, and quotations show no further change.
White, $1 10@l 25; Red, $1 0501 124 per ctl,
Black, 90c(551. . ,
CORN— Receipts from . the East are about
enough to satisfy the. current ■ demand and
prices show no change. Eastern large Jie!loj\ .
$1 05@l 07^; White, ?1 07%; mixed, $1 06©l 07%
Pt RYE— Continues dull at 90<g92^c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The last China steamer took out 18,277 barrel*
Flour.
FLOI'R-California family extras. $8 60f?3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $8 40^3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra.
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and ?2 25@3 for super
line. ~
MILLSTTFFS— Prices In sacks are ap fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. 13 26 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 7.*,; Rye
Meal, J- 60; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, *2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal. $4 50®4 73;
Oat Groats, $4 76; Hominy. $3 25® 8 50; Ruck
wheat Flour, ?4^;4 2!i; Cracked \Vh»at, $3 75:
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. J3 50; Roiled
Oats (barrels), $6 5506 9?.; in sa<-ks. ?•; :iy n r, ':,;
\ earl Barley $6; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$:• P«r 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Over 1400 tons of Hay came In and the market
was weak and dull, of course, though theie was
no decline.
Feedstuff s are quoted as before.
BRAN— SIS 60®17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50@19 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $IS@lB 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27'ff2S; Jobbing,
: $28 50@29; Coconnut Cake, $20Tr21; Cornmeal,
i $23 50@24 50; Cracked Corn. $24Ti2.": Mixed Feed,
' $16@16 50; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY — Wheat, $6 sf>@B 50 for common to good
! and $9*?9 25 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $6@B;
; Oat. $3 60®8; Barley. $5@6 50; Island Barley,
' $4 50@5 50; Alfalfa, $5@7 per ton; Compressed,
J6@9.
STRAW— 2O@3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions", with
a dull market.
BEANS— Bayos, tt 70-31 SO: Small White, $2 05
-i 2 13; Uarge White, $1 60@l 75; Pinks, $2 !.">£
2 36; Reds, nominal; Blackeye. *4 15@4 25: But
ters, nominal; Limas. M 10@4 15; Pea, $2 I.V-Y
2 85; Red Kidneys. $2@2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 2%@Sc: Yellow Mus
tard, nominal: Flax. $1 90<52 10; Canary Seed.
2%®3c per Hi for California and 3%c for East
ern; Alfalfa, 8%@9%c; Rape, 3c; Hemp, 4@
4 1 -'-: Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25(gl 50; Green, $1 50
@2 Der ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
River Potatoes are in good demand, but Sa
linas continue dull. Sweets are higher. Onions
stand about the same.
The market continues choked with Tomatoes
and Corn, and the other Vegetables are also in
liberal supply.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles, 75@90c; Early
Rose, 45®65c: Burbanks, 50(fi90c per ctl; Sa
linas Burbanks, $I@l 25; Sweet Potatoes, l^ifp
2c Dor lb.
ONIONS — 75@86c per ctl for Silverskins;
Pickle Onions, f>o(s'7sc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2f?2ijC per !h;
String Beans, lV4@2c; Lima Beans. 2%@3c; Cab
bage. JO'S 60c: River Tomatoes, 15@25c; Alameda
Tomatoes, 20@40c; Egg Plant, 25@35c; Green
Okra, 35@50q per box; Garlic, 2®3c; Green Pep
pers, 25<&35c for Chili and 35@40c per box for
Bell: Carrots. 30*7 per sack; Bay Cucumbers,
25@80c; Pickles. $1 60<gi 75 per l '" for No. 1 and
Tile for No. 2: Summer Squash. 20'325c: Marrow
fat Squash. $10 per ton; Green (>rrn, 25@S0c per
sack. 50<6 per crate for Alameda and 25<gu0c
for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
| The arrival of several cars of Eastern thus
far this week tends to keep Poultry depressed,
hence prices continue low. The Eastern is sell
ing at 15c for Turkeys, $4 for Ducks, $1 GO for
Geese, $6 for Hens, $5 for old Roosters and
Fryers, $6 S(MB 7 for young Roosters and $3 50
for Broilers.
POULTRY — Live Turkey*. 14@15c for Gob
blers and 14015 c for Hens; Young Turkeys,
16(glSc; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
$1 50(^2; Pucks. $3 50@4 for old and $4@5 tor
young; Hen.», -1 './:•: young Roosters, $4 n(K<it> 50;
old Roosters. $4@5; Fryers, $3 50(84; Broilers,
*::./;: 50 for large, 12 50®3 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $1 50®2 for
Squabs.
GAME— 76c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter is off again, stocks being: too heavy
for the demand. The Cheese market is steady,
t hough there is more on the shelves than for
some time. Eggs are about the same, though
the demand is not as sharp as it has been.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 26<??27c; seconds.
Hairy—Fancy, 22Mt@24c; good to choice, 21@
91 re, nominal.
Pickled roll, •-'"•.•21 c; firkin, 19^210; creamery
tub. 21 r?22.- per lb.
CHEESE Choice mild new, UigHlftc; old, 10
@10% c: Young America, ll@HUc; Eastern, 14
@15c.
],;,;?— Quoted at 21«25c for store and 27M.-S
per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 22%®24c for
selected, 20@210 for No. 1 and 17@19c for sec
onds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The few canning Plums still coming in are
selling at $25 per ton.
Peaches and Pears continue steady with
lighter supplies.
Grapes are still in over-supply and slow of
sale, even at the low prices. Melons show no
particular change, stocks being moderate.
Berries from Watsonvllle did not get In till
10 o'clock and had to be sacrificed to the ped
dlers in consequence.
Limes are higher and are all repacked, as
they can in In bad condition.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Api li 35(8 GOc per box for common and 75c@
$1 25 for good to choice.
BERRIES — Blackberries, $3@4 per chest;
Strawberries, $6^7 i»-r chest for small and
$2@4 for large berries; Raspberries, I'iltA per
chest; Huckleberries, 2«5"4c per lb.
Grapes, 26®36c per box and crate for Fon
tainbleau, 25@40c for black, 40#50c for Mus
cat. 25(&40c for Tokay, 70(g75c for Seedless and
75<j?S5e for Isabellas.
Watermelons, $6@20 per 100.
Cantaloupes, 23c(g$l per crate; Nutmegs, 25@
DOc per box.
Pears, Bartletts, $1-^1 50 per box for No. 1 and
60(f7"7.".c for No. 2; in bulk, $35@50 per ton.
Figs, 50®75c per box for double layers of
small black and 40@500 for large purple.
Peaohes, 25@65c per box in bulk, |20®80 per
ton.
Plums, 26@40c per box; Prunes, 40@600 per
crate.
Quinces, 36(i?65c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, |I®l T5 for com
mon and $2?f3 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $4 50@5; California Limes, nominal;
Bananas, $1 50@2 50 per bunch t Pineapples, $1
@2 50 per dozen. . :• i.v -
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The effect of the action of tha Santa Clara
Prime growers in resolving not to sell the four
sizes under 3%e remains to be seen. At pres
ent the market is quiet.
Peaches are still easy, but Apricots and Nec
tarines are scarce and firm. Pears are steady
at the quotations.
The trade looks for a good business In Rais
ins when the season frets fairly opened.
There Is nothing new In Honey. Nut» rule
firm.
Several cars of Prunes are being shipped to
Germany from Sulsun.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, in
sacks, o'sjC for 40-50' s, 4^o for 50-60" 9, 4e for 60
--70's, 3»%c for 70-80' ;■•, 3@3»4c for SO-90's and i%
@2%c for 90-100" Apricots, 10@llo for Royals,
14(V15c: for Mooroarks and 12ii124c for Blen
heims; Peaches, 6<&Gc for Standards and 6Vi@
6i>>c for choice; peeled Peaches, 10*5 lie; Evapo
rated Apples, 7@7%c; . Sun-dried, . 4V4@s^c per
lb; Nectarines. 7@B%c per 1b; Pears, 7@Bc for
quarters and B@9c for halves; Black Fies, 3c.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 6%e for four-crown, 4'.i@6c for Seedless
Sultanas, "'ic for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, "%Cd'ic.
NUTS— Walnuts, s@Bc for hardshell, 10©12e
for irolftShell: Chile Walnuts, Il@l2c; Almonds,
new crop, 7%c for , Languedoc and 9%c for pa
per-shell; Peanuts, 6%@6%c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts, B%@9c; Filberts, ll@ll^o; Pecans, 7VtJ)
8c; Cocoanuts, 14 60@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll^c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7Vi®7^c:
light' amber extracted. • 6%@7c; dark, swi
per lb.
BEESWAX— per lb.
Provisions.
Business continues quiet, though there ie no
change In prices.. Hams are still easy.
CURED MEATS— B%c per lb for
heavy. 9@9%c for light medium, lie ' for lirHl,
. 12VsO ; ror extra • light and . X3o . for sugar-curedj
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13^0; California
Hams, 13c; Mess Beef, |13 per lb; extra
Prime Beef, ?12 50; extra clear, $16 CO; mess,
$15«13 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%@0%c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half barrels, pure,
7%c; 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins, BM,c.
COTTOLENE- Tierces, 6%<a'i%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The bark Himalaya took for Melbourne 110,
--700 lbs Hops, valued at $5560. The Hop market
is quiet, but there are a few sales of new crop
at the quotations below.
Hides rule steady at unchanged prices, and
the demand is Rood.
Wool is (irmly held, but the market is quiet.
Fall clip is slow in coming in, and this heipa
to make trade drill. •
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brand
about lc under the quotations. Heavy Baited
steers lOiglOVfec; medium. 9@9%c; light. 9c;
Cowhides, Be; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, »c; Calf.
10c- dry Hi. lf.--, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c each; short
Wool :;:>£Goc each; medium, TOfiSOc; long Wool,
90c(ff$l 10 each: Hnrse Hides, salt. S2@2 25 for
large and Jl 25@1 60 for small; Colts, 25@50c,
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4#4%c per lb; No.
2, 3® 314c; refined, - — ; grease. 2®2>4c
\vm >L — Spring Clips— San Juaquln and
Southern, 7 months. K''illc: San Joaquin Foot
hill, defective, B@9c; Valley Oregon, r
Eastern Oregon, 12@14c for choice and 9@ll*£c
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs. 8@10c; do
plains. 7@Bc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain, 7V>®!>e.
HOPS-New are selling at 12%@14c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market
Receipts of Hogs are larger and the market
is easier in consequence, though there is no de
cline. The other descriptions remain as per
vlously quoted.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— "(ST^c per lb for Steers and 6%@7c for
Cow?.
VEAli— 7®loc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Bc; Ewes, 7^7'ic per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, B%@9c per lb.
PORK— live Hogs, 5%@5%c for small. 6c for
medium and 5%@5%c for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, 5%c; dressed Hogs, ~'iii l /zC.
GENERAL merchandise
General Merchandise.
Grain Bags continue easy at the reduced quo
tations. There is a good demand for fruit bags.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7 / S7' 4 c; Wool
Bags, 26@2Sc; Fruit Bags, 5%c, 5%c and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7®7%c for
bleached jute.
BALE ROPE— Manila, 14c; Sisal and
Manila Mixed. 13c; Duplex Sizes, 12c.
COAL— Cumberland is higher; Wellington, $8
per tun; New Wellington, $8; Southfi-M Wel
lington, $7 50; Seattle, $6; Bryant, |6; Coos Bay,
$,'>; Wallsend, $7 50; Scotch, $8; Cumberland,
.$9 50 In bulk and $10 75 in sacks; Pennsylvania
Anthracite Egg, $12; Cannel. $8 per ton; Rock
Springs and Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per
ton In bulk and $14 in sacks.
Harrison's circular says:
"Since the Moana left the following coal
cargoes have been delivered here, viz.: Jacques,
2490 tons; General Fairchild, 2300 ton?; Flor
ence, 2214 tons; dwell, 2090 tons; Bretagne,
2710 tons; Wachusett, 2468 tons; Palmyra, 1895
tons; Lamoriciere. ■ 2504 tons; total, 18,671 tons.
There are at present only twenty-four vessels
under engagement to carry coals here from
Australia, with a carrying capacity of less than
CO, OOO tons, fully 30,000 less than the same
period in 1898. But lew names are being added
to our loading list in the colonies, as the num
ber is diminishing monthly, i. c., vessels that
are arriving here are not being replaced with
others at the Newcastle side. Every cargo
that arrives has passed out of first hands long
since, and in some cases has changed hands
several times, each time at a profit Evidently
coal tonnage must be scarce in the colonial
ports, as Importers here are willing to pay full
rates without effecting charters. Honolulu is
a formidable competitor for coal carriers, as
20e per ton is offered for early loading at New
castle.
"There will assuredly be a shortage of coal
fuel locally this winter; there Is no question
as to the ability of our northern collieries to
produce any required amount, but we are In
urgent need of carriers, both steam and eail,
to bring same to market. In the Interim the
market prices are strong and sellers are loth
to make contracts, except for Government sup
plies."
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, TolaSoc; As
paragus, $1 60@2 85; Tomatoes. 75@80c.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $2 15@2 30 for
black and $2 15@2 30 for white; Peaches, $1 36@
166; Pears, $1 50@l SO; Apricots, $1 20@l 70;
Plums, 95c@$l 2.1.
COFFEE— quote: Costa Rica— l3^@l6c
tor prime washed; 11@12%c for good washed;
ll^@lsc for good prime washed peaberry;
LO@ilc for good to prime peaberry; 9*3 11 Vie for
good to prime; B@9c nominal for good current
mixed with black beans; S@S*ic for fair; 5%@
7 1 -.- for common to ordinary. Salvador —
for good to prime washed; B@B%c for fair
washed; HKBIIHc for good to prime washed pea
berry; 7%<?S%c for good to prime semi-washed;
7i_.',('si 4 <. for superior unwashed; 7Vi@7%c for
good green unwashed; S%®9VsC tor good to
prime unwashed peaberry; 5@6%c for common
to ordinary. Nicaragua— for prime to
fancy washed; B@llc for fair to good washed;
7%@7%c nominal for good to superior un
washed; 8%i5?9V 2 c nominal for good to prime
unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican
13@16c for prime to fancy washed; 9%@12c
for good to strictly good washed; 7\@9c for
fair washed: 7@Bc for medium; t'lfi'.r for in
ferior to ordinary; lO@IIV4C for good to prime
washed peaberry; S?4<s'9Hc for good to prime
unwashed peaberry; 7 1 / 4@S 1 ,4 c for good to su
perior unwashed.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 25@28c per 1b; Sole
Leather, medium, 25026 c; Sole Leather, light,
25@26c; rough Leather heavy, 25<526c; rough
Leather, light, 25®2fic; Harness Leather, heavy,
32@33c; Harness Leather, medium. 30<a32c;
Harness Leather, light, 23t?30c; Collar Leather,
15@16c per foot: Kip, finished. 40@4Sc per Ib;
Veal, finished, 60tfr55c: Calf, finished. 75c<S$l 20;
Sides, finished, lfi<ij 17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 14«f16c; rough Splits. B@loc per lb.
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1, 75c;
pure, $1 10: Linseed OH, in barrel?, boiled, 56c;
raw, 54c; cases. 5c more; Lard Oil. extra win
ter strained, barrels, 47c: No. 1, 42l£c; cases, 5c
more; China Nut, 47@58c per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, Coc; cases, 65c; Sperm,
pure. 60c: Whale Oil. natural white,. 32%0; Pa
cific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors, $1 2.VSI 35 per gallon; wagon colors,
$2@2 25 per gaLlon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPHTHA
—Water White Coal Oil, in bulk, lie per gal
lon; Pearl Oil, in cases, 17c; Astral Oil, 17c;
Star Oil, 17c; Extra Star Oil. 21c; Elaine Oil,
22c: Eocene Oil, 19c: deodorized Stove Gasoline,
in bulk, 16c; in cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk,
15% c; in cases, 20'*>c: 86 degrees Gasoline, in
bulk. 21c; in cases, 26e.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6c. 16 oz,
9Uc; fis. 14 oz, SVfco; 12 oz, 7Vtc; 6s, 10 oz.
6'iC. Granite Mining Candles— 6s, 16 oz. 40s,
10c; f,s. 16 oz, 20s, I'i'ic; 6s. 14 oz, 40s 9c; 6s, 14
oz, 20s. 9%Cj 6s, 12 oz, SVic; 6?. 10 oz, 7', ■ ■.
Paraffine Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s and 6s,
white, lie; Is. 2s, 4s and 6s, colored, 12c; 12<=,
white. 114 c: 12s. colored. 12V&C.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6%@7c; Red Lead
and Litharge, sV4®7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 69c; in iron bar
rels. 64c; in wooden barrels, 66c.
T.VCOL— barrels, 49c; raw, barrels,
47c; cases. Be more.
QUICKSILVER— S44 F0(5>45 per—flask for local
use and $404941 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A crushed and Fine Crushed, 5V»c;
Powdered, 5%c; Candy Granulated. 5%c;
Dry Granulated. sc; Confectioners' A, oc; Cali
fornia A, — : Magnolia A. 4 M-; Extra C, 4Vic;
Golden C, 4%c: barrels, l-160 more; half barrels,
lie more; boxes, %c more: 80-lb bags, He more.
No order taken for lees than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, s&c; boxes,
6c per lb. - ■ • ■
Lumber.
The market continues extremely active and
firm, and the mills are busy. The bark Him
alaya took for Melbourne 573,575 feet, of which
197,818 feet was redwood and the balance pine.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, J16®17; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, 117018 for No. 1 and IIS^K! for No.
2; Lath. 1 feet, $2 20^2 30; Pickets $18; Shin
gles, $1 50(81 76 for common and $2 75 for fancy;
Shakes, $li for split and 112 for sawn; Rustic,
$21(227.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5.
Flour, qr sks 9.Bl6!Quloksilver, flsks 2SI \
Wheat, ctls 12.280! Leather rolls 180
Barley, ctls 14. fir.3! Middlings, sks... 1,4:.2
Cheese, ctls 122 BeanF, sks 21'
Putter, ctls 228iPotatoes, fks 6,69?
Tallow', ctls 992: Onions, sks 1,334 \
Oats etls 2,3oil|Bran. sks 315 I
Corn, ctls Rfl Mustard Sd, sks.. 704 j
Pelts, bdla 832 Wool, hags 35G I
Hides no 502 Hope, bales 38:
Lime,' bbls 182, Straw, tons 5 j
Chicory, bb15..... 47 Hay, tons 1,404 !
Rye, ctls... 100 Wine, gals 26, 10*}
Eggs doz 10.350 Susrar, sks 8.755
EASTERN.
Corn, etls 1.20 ft! ■
OREGON.
Flour, qr eks 2.065!
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sk» 6,816 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a good business in securities on
the morning session, with a few narrow
changes.. Gas and Electric was lower at $68@67,
and Hana Plantation at $15. Paauhau was
firmer at $40@39% and Makaweli at $50*4^51.
The market was quiet In the afternoon, with
a further decline in Gas and Electric to $65&.
Mining stocks were easier than on Saturday,
as will be seen. The telegram for the pump
said:
. "Since last report both elevators were run
together one hour and ten minutes. Elevator 1
ran about eight hours and twentw minutes
Elevator 2 ran alone sixty-two hours and thirty
minutes. Elevator 2 was stopped at 6:10 this
morning and elevator 1 started and is now
running. The water Is thirty-one feet ten
Inches below the 1950 level station."
The Savasa Union assessments fall dellnauent
in office to-day and the Belcher delinquent sale
takes place also.
Dividends of 30 cents and 35 cents per snare
were paid yesterday by the Onomea Sugar
Company and the Pacific Lighting Company.
The Sacramento mine of Utah will pay a
dividend of $5000 on the Bth. ' 'l : -'--' '.
The South Swansea mine of Utah has de
clared a dividend 01 $7500, payable this month.
Mining dividends in August were as follows:
April Fool % 6,000
Argonaut 2MWO
Boston-Aurora 5,3 iS
Boston-Duenweg Zinc 4,000
Boston-Little C. Zinc 10,000
Boston and Mountain Copper 1,500,000
Bullion-Beck and Champion 10,000
Centennial-Kureka 15,000
Central Lead 5.000
Colonial Lead 10,000
Deer Trail No. 2 2,500
Doe Run 2,300
Empire State 19,703
Fanny Rawlings ' ' 10,000
1 Golden Coin 10,000
, Golden Cycle 10,000
Gwin 5,000
Homestake ■ 105, 000
Lillie .........: 11,250
Mammoth 80,000
Missouri Zinc Fields... 2,664
Modi c 10.000
Morning Star 4.500
N. Y. and Honduras Rosario 13,000
! Pennsylvania 10,300
I Portland 60,000
Quincy Copper 600,000
Republic 31,500
Santa Rosalia 5.000
Sacramento 5.000
Silver King 50,000
Smuggler 10,000
Standard Con 17,839
Swansea 5.000
War Eagle 26,200
Weatherly Bonanza 1,562
Yellow Aster 20,000
Total $2,461,932
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
, TUESDAY, Sept. 5.-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ; Bid. Ask.
4s quar c0up. .112% — Mutual El Co. 16% 16%
4s quar reg.... — — O G L & H.. 49 49%
4s new quar... — 131% I Pac Gas Imp. 65% —
3s quar c0up.,108%109, Pac LCo 39 41%
Miscellaneous— " S F Q & E.... 65% —
Cal-st Cab ss. — — San Fran 3% 3%,
C C Wat 10984110 ! Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 65.. 130 — ■ Insurance—
F 8 Cl Fly 65.114 — Firem's Fund. —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
H C & S ..l'.;u — Anglo-Cal 65 —
L A Ry 85.rr.106%106% Bank of Ca1..282 287
L A LCo 65.. 99 — ~ Cal SD & T.. — 98
do gntd 65.. 99 — ; First Nationl.234 —
do gntd 55.. — 100 Lon P & A.... 129% —
Market-st 65. .128 — Mer Exchange — 16
do Ist M ss. — 115% Ne\ Nat 8k..152%19<>
N C NG 14 7s. 110 — Savings Banks—
Nlt of Cal 68.114 — Ger S & L..1650 —
N Rof Cal Bs. — 116 I Hum S & L.1050 1160
N PC R R 65. 105% — Mut Bay Bk. 37% -
NCC Rli 05. 105 107 B F Say C... 500 —
N Cal H R 55. 11 l — Say & L So. — 83%
OGL & H 68.111 — Sec Say Bk. — 300
Oak Trans 65.111%112%1Uni0n T C 0.1400. 1400 1440
Om C Ry 65. .128 129%! Street Railroads—
P& Cl Ry 65. 107 108 California ....120 —
Pk &O Ry 115 — Geary 50 —
Powell-si R6s.llS — Market-st 62>i —
Sac El G&R5a — — Oak S L & H. — 1)0
S !•' & N i 1 55.U4%115 Presidio 12 —
S ,-■ & S JV05.115% — Powder—
SRy of Cal 68.108% — California ....150 166
SPof A 65....1124113% E Dynamite... 85 —
S P c 6p(1905)112 112% Giant Con Co. 73% —
5 P C 65(1906) — 114%!Vigorit 2% m
5 P C 65(m2)122% — Sugar—
6 PC Is eg 05. 102% — Hana PCo 15 —
6 p Bi 6s 123 126 Haw C & S C. 98 99
S V Wat .114% — Hutch S PCo 31% 32
s: v Wat .104 104% Kilauea S C... 3<>U 32
gV W 4s(3dm)lol — Makaweli SC. 51 —
ptktn Gas 65.. — — Onomea S C... 4n% —
Water Stocks— iPaahau S CN. 39% 33? i
Contra Costa.. 75*4 75% j Miscellaneous —
Marin County. 50 — Al Pa.- A55n. .117*4113
Spring Valley.lo2 102% Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Gas and Electric— i Oceanic B Co. SB% 90
Cent G Co — — Pac A F A..... I*; —
Cent L & P... — 7 Pac C Bor C 0.140 142%
Equit G L Co. 3 1 4% Par Paint Co. 8% —
Morning Session.
Board
$1000 Contra Costa Water bonds 110 00
395 Hana Plantation Co 15 00
250 HutcbiHßon S. P. Co cash 31 $7%
50 Hutchinson S. P. Co 31 87%
100 Hutchinson S. P. Co 3175
109 Makaweli Sugar Co. b 3 ."0 75
100 Makaweli Sugar Co 50 75
120 Makaweli Sugar Co. b 10 5100
30 Mutual Electric Light Co I>> 50
140 Onomea Sugar Co 40 23
50 Paauhau S. P. Co 40 00
185 Paauhau S. P. Co 3:< *7%
5 S F. Gas and Electric Co 68 00
5 S. F. Gas and Electric Co G7 30
5 S F. Gas and Electric Co 67 f>o
15 Spring Valley Water 102 12%
10 Spring Valley Water Co. cash 102 12%
25 Vigorit Powder Co 2 87%
250 Vigorit Powder Co 2 73
Street—
$1000 Northern Ry. of California 6s 11", 50
20 Alaska Packers' Association IIS 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
60 Hana Plantation Co 13 W>
100 Hutchinson S. P. Co 31 57%
165 Makaweli Sugar Co ... 6100
$12,000 Market-st. Ry. Ist con. 3s 115 23
25 Mutual Electric Light Co 1(5 75
10 Oceanic S. S. Co S9 00
25 Paauhau S. P. Co. 3 90 39 75
25 Paauhau S. P. Co 83 75
55 S F. Gas and Electric Co 65 SO
75 Spring Valley Water 102 12%
300 Vigorit Powder Co 2 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Contra Costa Water 76 M
25 Kilauea Sugar Co 30 50
60 Kilauea Sugar Co 30 C.%
10 Hutchinson Sugar Co 31 7o
20 Hutchinson Sugar Co 32 00
10 Giant Powder 73 -,2' p
20 Spring Valley Water 102 12%
Afternoon Session.
Board— ,„
25 Makaweli Sugar Co 51 8,.
25 Makaweli Sugar Co ol 3.%
50 Makaweli Sugar Co 51 n0
25 S. F. Gas and Electric Co 8 10 W> 75
100 Vigorit Powder '- •»
25 Mutual Electric Co 16 6.,%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes IS' 60 Gould & Curry. 33
600 Belcher 37 250 Mexican 51
100 Best & Belcher 63 400 Ophir 110
100 Caledonia 70 200 Potosl .......... f
800 Chollar 40 800 Sierra Nevada, 84
600 Con Cal & Va..l 75 j 600 Union Con.. — 40
100 Gould & Curry. 321
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes 16 100 Occidental 23
100 Belcher 36/ 200 Ophir 110
700 Bullion OS 200 Overman 14
100 Caledonia 70 500 Potosl •••■ 36
200 Chollar 88 500 Sierra Nevada. 80
500 Con Cal & Va..l 70 200 Sierra Nevada. ,9
200 Gould & Curry. 31! 100 Sierra Nevada. .3
• 100 Gould & Curry. 32; 700 Union Con 38
200 Occidental 23 1 100 Utah 13
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha Con 06| 500 Potosl .......... •*•>
50 Caledonia 67 1 50 Sierra Nevada. S7
200 Chollar » COO Sierra Nevada. S6
700 Chollar 39 200 Sierra Nevada. 82
200 Justice 15 600 Union Con 42
200 Mexican - r >o 500 Union Con 40
200 Occidental 23 300 Utah 1*
400 Potosi 38
Afternoon Session
200 Andes 16, 150 Con Cal & V...1 70
100 Belcher 36! 100 Occidental 23
500 Belch*? .... 37) 150 Overman 15
800 Belcher 1!!.:.... 35| 200 Potosl 38
500 Best & Belcher 60 100 Potosl ......... 35
200 Best & Belcher 68 100 Sierra Nevada.. 81
500 Bullion 07) 50 Sierra Nevada. 80
150 Caledonia ..... 67 j 50 Sierra Nevada. 79
100 Chollar ......... 89 100 Sierra Nevada. 7S
SOP co£ & & V.I 72% i 1000 Utah It
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Sept. B.— p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 07 Justice 14 15
Ait a . 05 07tKentuck 04 05
Andes 16 17 Lady Wash.... 01 02
Belcher 34 35 Mexican 4S 49
Best & Belcher 67 58 Occidental 21 22
Bullion 07 OS j Ophir 105 110
Caledonia 69 -jOverman 14 13
Chollar 37 89 Potosi 34 " 85
Challenge Con. 33x34 Ravage 27 2s
Confidence —^80 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va..l 70 175 Beg Belcher 06 07
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 78 79
Crown Point.. 21 23 Silver Hill 02 —
Con New York. — 02 j Syndicate — 07
Eureka C0n.... — 60 Standard 265 —
Exchequer ...... — 03 -fit Louis — 10
Gould & Curry 30 31 Union Con 35 39
Hale & Norc... 32 33 Utah 13 14
Julia 02 01. Yellow Jacket. 28 30
Receipts of Produce
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Dellnqnt I
Company. I No. , in the Day of !Amt.
■ j I Board. | Sale.
Alpha ' 22 ..Aug.12 ..Sept. 7 OS
Belcher 61 ..Aug. 14 ..Sept. 6 10
Sierra Nevada.... 116 ..Aug. 16 ..Sept 7 13
Challenge 27 ..Aug. 18 ..Sept. 14 10
Chollar 49 ..Aug. 21 ..Sept. 14 15
Occidental 33 ..Sept. 3 ..Sept. 28 05
Savage 98 ..Sept. 4 ..Sept. 26 10
Union 58 ..Sept. 4 ..Sept.25 15
Utah 31 ..Sept. 4 ..Sept.2S 05
Potosi 53 ..Sept. 12 ...Oct. 5 15
Overman 3 ..Sept. 21 ...Oct. 13 05
Gould & Curry... 87 ...Oct. 1 ...Oct. 25 15
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Iv>w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOT?:— The hlsh and low waters occur at
Continued oa Pag© 11»KELLY AWARDED THE ARCHBISHOP'S DIAMOND TROPHY
PARTICIPANTS IN THE FOURTH ANNUAL ESSAY CONTEST.
His Grace Archbishop p. w. Riordan,
to the presenoe of a brilliant assem
in Metropolitan Hall last evening, |
the handsome diamond trophy pr.
by htm— lt uti tinj breast of Lieutenant
W. A. Kelly, whose essay on "Th< B
and the American Worklngm&n" won him
a victory In the fourt.i annual
test of tho League of the Cross B<
M. Power of ( ompany (). another of the
contestants, received honorable mention
for his efforts.
Tho judges in tho contest were Rev.
William 1). McKlnnon. chaplain of thf>
First California Volunteers; i> ;i vi<l Starr
Jordan, president of Stanford University,
and Garnn W. BfdSnerey; David Starr
diet, according to Dr. .Jordan, was unani
mous. That it was agreeable to th(
audience which listened intently t-. the
discussion of the theme was evidenced by
the tremendous applause which greeted
its announcement.
Walter E. Dorn, president of the famous
organization, acted as chairman of th- . n
tertalnment. Seated next to him on the
prettily decorated stage wore the Arch
bishop and Father Philip O'Ryan, the
spiritual director of the League of the
Oobs. Members of the staff ■
m«nt. clergy and well-known Catholic
gentlemen also occupied seats on the ros
trum. The judges were seated in the
audience so that they could better note
the efforts of .he five contestants
After an organ prelude by Professor R.
J. Harrison am. the singing of the -V- n)
Creator" by the audience Chairman
delivered a short speech, in which hi
It was a matter of sincere gratification to
see such a large audience present. He
regretted that the hall was not large
enough to accommodate all who d<
to attend. At the conclusion of his re
GRATEFUL VOLUNTEERS
Recognition of Services by
Members of the Red Cross
Society.
1110 lowovnng expressions m gxauuiue
from CaJifornian volunteers toward two
members of the I: •■ Cross Society will
be read with Interest:
U. S. A. TRANSPORT SHERMAN,
August 23. 1599.
To Miss Ida Garlick: "We, the under
signed. members of Company H. First
Regiment California United States Vol
unteer Infantry, extend to you a hearty
appreciation for your untiring efforts to
brighten our lives during your service as
a Red Cross representative and for the
gentle administrations of mercy to our
unfortunates who came under your care.
The California Red Cross Society has in
you a member who entirely fills the mis
sion for which you volunteered, and in
thanking you we wish to add you have by
your kindness endeared yourself to us all.
That your life may be as free from care
end pain as you would have ours is the
earnest prayer of yours respectfully,
J. E. Broderick, Alfred W. McLean,
Harry Blake. James King, George L.
Reid. Roy Morrison, William F. Dunne.
Edward Valento. Thomas S. Connor. Jo
seph Durham. Fred L. Crosby, Martin
Freund Charles A. Burtnett, Harry Bit
ter, C. Howard Smith. Henry Cassens,
Edward Peters, Louis F. Dorr. George H.
Grim* Frank X. Larkey, "William P.
Baker T. J. Kenny. George H. McGinerty,
John J. I. Kirby. Herbert 'A. Black, Al
bert Clifford, Frederick Andrews. William
J. Gordon, John J. McKeon, Joseph F.
Conlon. Peter W. 1 ! lon. Albert B.
Ehrenpfort. Daniel Clifford, Frank C.
Miller, Al N. Waite, Clarence J. Case,
Joseph A. O'Donnell, William Nelson,
John J. Blake, Frank McArdle, John F.
Myer, William A. Dineen, Thomas A.
Dorey. Frank A. Lawler, Thomas F.
Browne, F. O. Waite. Walter B. Sedgley,
Ralph W. Ruston, George I. Hall, Laur
ence Grimes. Alfred E. Baker, J. L. Swift,
Charles Weckerle, William 11. Rogers,
George W. Rohe. Joseph Neilan. James A.
Dodlnl Henry F. Young. John J. Blnet,
Theo L. Hofzhausen, Thomas F. Wall,
John Koschnitzki, George E. Pendergast,
Stephen Keating. Thomas J. McGowan,
Joseph C. Bechler, Clarence B. Bean, W.
C Walsh Louie F. Guedet, Frank Angel
ovich John W. Edsall. Arthur J. Magee,
Thomas R. Burrows, William Grady, W.
A. Cornish, H. A. Renne, John Rourke,
Fred A. Jaggie.
U. S A. TRANSPORT SHERMAN.
August 23, 1899.
To C. M. Waage— Sir: The undersigned
members of Company H. First Regiment
California United States Volunteer In
fantry, wish to convey to you their heart
felt appreciation for your universal kind
ness to our sick and wounded and for the
marked courtesy you have extended + o
We recognize the patriotic spirit that
impelled you to put yourself in a position
to help others, and we can only say that
In you the California Red Cross Society
has* a kind, zealous and efficient member.
Hoping your future may be as pleasant
as you tried to make our past, we remain
very respectfully, Z;^',,  x-
J. E. Broderick. Joseph Nellan. Al N.
Wait" William F. Dunne, J. L. Swift,
Thomas J. McGowan, George L. Reid,
William A. Dineen, Alfred E. Baker. John
Koschnitzki. Laurence Grimes, L. F.
Guedet. Edward Valento, George I. Hall,
T J Kenny, John J. Blnet. John J. Mc-
Keon. James King. Joseph Durham,
James A. Dodlnl Henry F. Young, Henry
Cassene Edward Peters. John J. Blake,
George E. dergast, William P. Baker,
Alfred W. McLean, Clarence B. Bean, \\ .
C. Walsh. Albert Clifford. William J.
Gordon. Arthur J. Magee, Joseph F. Con
lon. Charles Weckerle, W. H. Rogers,
George W. Rohe Fred A. Jaggie, George
H. McGinerty Thomas F. Wall. Roy
Morrison. Fred L. Crosby, Harry Bitter,
C Howard Smith, William Nelson, Louis
F Dorr, George 11. Grimes, Frank X.
Larkey, Thomas A. Doxey, Joseph C.
Berhler. John .1. Kirby, Herbert W.
Blake, Ralph W. Ruston, Frederick An
drews, Emil A. Weins, William Grady.
W. A. Cornish, H. A. Renner, John
Rourke. Charles A. Burtnett, Harry
Blake, Thomas S. Connor, Martin Freund,
Clarence J. Case, Joseph A. O'Donnell,
Theodore L. Holzhausen, Frank Mc-
Ardle, John F. Myer. Stephen Keating:,
Frank a. Lawler, Thomas F. Browne, F.
(i Waite, Walter B. Sedgley, Frank An
gelovich, John W. Edsall, Thomas K.
Burrows Peter W. Conlon, Albert E. Eh
renpfort, Daniel Clifford, Frank C. Miller.
■ ♦ ■
YONKERS HARNESS EVENTS.
Surpol Outfoots Precision in the Two-
Sixteen Trot.
NEW YORK. Sept. s.— The weather was
perfect for the second day of the Grand
Clrculi meeting of the Empire City Trot
ting Club and nearly 3000 people were in
attendance. The first event of the day was
the lUfl pace, for which Royal R. Sheldon
was the favorite at $30 to $30 for the field.
The favorite won in straight heats and
Btt-med to have quite a lot to spare.
tJom Speedway purse, which was sup
ARCHBISHOP'S DIAMOND MEDAL.
marks the contestants drew for places.
Private James McCarren of Company M
was the first speaker m address the audi
ence and he delivered an interesting dis
sertation on temperance and waa loudly
applauded. Professor S. J. Sandy followed
with a bass solo, "The Lost Chord," and
then Bernard Power took the platform.
The young man is the possessor of great
ability as a speaker and student and his
views on the Bubject under discussion
were strong and to the point. He was
looked upon as a sure winner after h>
had concluded, ns the Impression he made
on his auditors was marked. The audi
ence arose and in one voice sang the stir
posed to be the big event of the day, was
reduced by the blue pencil to only three
; starters, and the well-known roadster
Newcastle sold favorite at $25 to $10. The
: race was practically a match between the
favorite and McMillan, the latter winning
the deciding heat.
The best race of the day was the 2:lt>
trot, in which there were eleven starters.
The chestnut mare Precision was the fa
vorite at $40 to $50. the field end believing
: that the gray gelding Surpol could win.
They were justliled by the result, as Sur
pol won in straight heats with quite a
; little to spare.
To-morrow, in addition to the regular
programme, there will be a mile dash for
the 2:10 class, and the 2:14 class will also
Ibe added. Results:
Pacing, 2:07 class, best two In three; purse
i $2000— Royal R. Sheldon won in straight heats.
i Time 2:<jT',i. 2:08%. Falrvlew second. Nlehol
B third. Choral and Haltena Duplex also
started.
Speedway cup race, for amateurs, two in
j three— McMillan won first and third heats.
Time 2:23',i, 2:20. Newcastle won second heat
' in 2:20 and was second, Angeles third.
' Trotting. 2:16 class, two in three; purse $3000—
! Surpol won in straight heats. Time. 2:10^.
I 2:10 Precision second, Xt&fcer Jack third.
Phoebe Childems. Kitty Newman, Paddy D.
Klldn. Quartermaster. Ivandorft, Myrtle Boy
and Robert J also started.
THREE WINS FOR SLOAN.
American Jockeys Take a Majority
of the Doncaster Races.
LONDON. Sept. s.— At the first day of
the Doncaster September meeting to-day
the race for the FitzWllliam stakes was
won by W. Dukes five-year-old horse,
Joe [Jllman, ridden by L. Relff, the
American jockey. This event is of 5 sov
ereigns each, with 800 sovereigns added,
for all ages, the winner to be sold by auc
tion for 1000 sovereigns, three-quarters of
a mile. Eight horses ran.
The race for the Doncaster welter plate
was won by W. Cooper's six-year-old
chestnut horse Golden Rule, on which
Tod Sloan had the mount. This Is a
handicap of 300 sovereigns for three-year
olds ami upward, the owner of the second
horse to receive 50 sovereigns out of the
plate entrance, 5 sovereigns.
The race for the. champagne stakes of
30 sovereigns each with 500 .sovereigns
d tor two-year-oldß, w;is won by
j ord William Bere&ford's chestnut colt
Democrat with Sloan up. The Duke of
md's brown colt Simo,n Dale was
: and Sir K. Waldle Griffith* chest-
Blly Betty Field, ridden by Skeets
Martin, finished third. Seven horses ran.
B< tting 2 to 1 on Democrat.
Mi th. race for th^ Clumbert plate of
200 sovereigns for three-year-olds and up
ward Lord William Beresford'a Doric 11,
mi len by .Sloan, beat E. A. Wigan's
of "the Plains. The betting was Hw
on Doric n .
;! . race for the great Yorkshire handi
,.,,, plat* of ISOO sovereigns for three.
ilds and upward was won by the
Duke of Westminster's four-year-old colt
Calveley Lord William Beresford's four
year-old horse .lifly 11. ridden by Sloane,
was not placed. Twelve horses ran.
The race for the Glasgow plate was won
by J Thompson's cbestnul colt Phocion.
<; McLacklan's Gonsalvo-Shardeloes was
tecond; C. F. Dwyer's Peaches, ridden by
was third. Twenty-one horses
ran.
Maloney Bests Turner
DENVER, Sept. s.— Paddy Maloney of
San Francisco gained the decision over
Bug" ne Turner (colored) of Denver at the
end of a twenty-round bout to-night be
fore the Colorado Athletic Association.
Th" boys fought al 128 pounds. It was
Maloney'fl fight all through, although the
negro had the advantage of height and
reach but he was unable to land effect
iveiv ' Maloney's ducking and blocking
was exceptionally clever. The decision
1 ntire satisfaction.
Sale of Thoroughbred Yearlings.
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— A number of
thoroughbred yearlings, the property of
several breeding firms, were sold to-day
at Sheepshcnd Bay. Among the sales
were the following:
B. c. by Top Gallant-Glenhope, W. B.
B Ch. h 'C by kord Ksterling-Welcpme, Sydney
I M X e c!. by Lissak-Lady Foysler, Sydney Taget,
$2000. " ,
Send the SUNDAY CALL to
your friends abroad — wrapped
ready for mailing, 5c per copy
W. J. Callingham's Will.
The will of William J. Callingham. who
i died June 19, was filed for probate yester
day Decedent bequeaths hie entire
estate which Is valued at $8100, to his
widow, Marietta Calllngham.
Tllti BAN FHANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1893.
ring strains of "America." lieutenant
Osborne followed with an able discussion
of the drink evil and was greeted with
loud applause. Miss Nollie E. Shlpl< y
next rendered a cornet solo, and then the
I.- ro of the evening, Lieutenant Kelly,
followed. Seldom has an audience llsten
i'i ;■' such v brilliant discourse. His oio
ijui-:ii flow of language was often punctu
ated with applause and when he conclud
ed he was given an ovation. Private
James T. McQuald took up the thread of
the discussion immediately after Mr.
Kelly had concluded. Although his essay
was a strong one, it lost its weight and
color after the beautiful efforts of the
preceding speaker.
Th,e judges then retired and in their
absence Miss Shipley rendered "Klllar
ney" on the cornet. Dr. Jordan in an
nouncing the verdict of the judges made
a neat liul<- Bpeech and tho clever man
ner in which he held the audience in sus
pense while he expatiated on the essays
and 1 1 i • Ir deliverers created much laugh
ter. Archbishop Riordan then pinned the
trophy on Mr. Kelly's coat amid tremen
dous cheering.
The Archbishop thr>n mad» a personal
appeal for the support of the League of
the Cross. He also eulogized Father
O'Ryan and Colonel Sullivan for their
great work in advancing the Interests of
th<> organization and announced his de
parture for Rome and bade farewell to
those present.
Father Mi Kinnon was called for and
much against his will, was prevailed on
to make a speech. He delivered an Inter
esting one and was heartily applauded for
his kind words for the League of the
Cross, his eulogy of the regiment he is
chaplain over and his defense of General
Smith and Colonel Duboee. He extolled
General Bmith for his courage and ability
as an officer and defended him from the
calumny heaped on his good name by en
emies. The speech was enthusiastically
received.
The singing of the "Te Deum" conclud
ed one of the most successful contests
held by the league since its organization.
"TAPS" HAVE SOUNDED
FOR COLIN M. SMITH
TheWell-Kncwn Confederate Veteran
and Club Man Succumbs to
Typhoid Fever.
Colin M. Smith, who had wide acquaint
ance in club and mercantile circles of this
city, died of typhoid fever at the French
Hospital nlsrht before last. He whs born
In Mississippi fifty-three years ago and
came to San Francisco shortly after the
termination of the Civil War. He served
in the Confederate Army with the cavalry
branch of the service during the latter
part of the struggle and "had great ad
miration for the brave riders of the Lost
< !ause.
Deceased was well known and highly re
garded by many Bociety people and par
ticularly by those who came to California
from the South. Shortly after his arrival
in this city he established business rela
tions with the firm of Pond. Reynolds &
Co. ■•■.n<l subsequently became a partner
in the house. During hi? business career
he acquired by industry and frugality a
competence which enabled him to gratify
a desire for travel around the world. He
was fond of books and pictures and found
delight in the companionship of intelligent
;■ ■ pie. He was a well-known member of
the Bohemian Club.
The funeral will take place to-morrow
afternoon at 2 : IT, at Grace Church, Cali
fornia and Stockton streets.
» ♦ ■
MEDAL DISTRIBUTION.
Californians Will Receive the Dona
tion of the Citizens- at the Presi
dio a Week From Saturday.
The medal fund commit tee of the
Grand Parlor of the Native Sons
of the (iolrien West met last
night and decided th»i the distribu
tion of the medals and certificates to the
California volunteers shall take place at
the Presidio on the afternoon of the 16th
inst. The details of the manner of distri
bution were left to a committee consisting
of Messrs. Dv Py, Lunstedt. Martin.
Lewis. Carroll and Kohn. During the
in>-<tlng Secretary Doekery announced
that since the previous meeting there had
been received for the fund the sum of $132
from San Jose and $440 from Santa Bara
bara County, and that the contributions
to thit time reached a little In excess of
S&100.
The committee will have, in addition to
th.' medals and certificates to be presented
on the day named, to present a large
number to volunteers who have enlisted
In California for the Spanish-American
War. Every day the secretary is in re
ceipt of applications from a number of
men who lay claim to the right to receive
medal and certificate.
A Chapter in the Parry Case.
Another chapter was added to the.
Parry case last Sunday, when the widow
and the mother of the dead man met at
the grave of the deceased in Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. According to witnesses
the encounter was an unique one. The
mother ajid sister of Parry went to the
cemetery to place a floral tribute on his
tomb. While there the widow, her sister,
Miss Minnie Drown and a Mrs. yon
Valkenberg came on the scene. The
widow of the deceased objected to the
flora ! piece being placed on the grave and
said so in no uncertain terms. The
mother, not caring to bandy words with
the woman who had been charged with
the killing of her son, departed and left
young Mrs. Parry to her own devices.
In the Divorce Court.
Hilda Peterson has been granted a
divorce from Carl L. Peterson on the
ground of willful neglect. Ella Harper
was granted a divorce yesterday from
William D. Harper on the ground of de
sertion. Suit? for divorce have been filed
by John F. Curran against Amelia Cur
ran for cruelty; Harriet Nottingham
against George W. Nottingham for stat
utory grounds; Mnthilde L. Wittmann
against Joseph Wittmann for desertion;
Clara L/. Mahan against Harry J. Mahan
for desertion, and Birdie Stephens against
Harvey Stephens for failure to provide.
Insulted His Ex-Wife.
Deputy United States Marshal Moffltt
came- down from Chico yesterday with
Oregon T. Wedekind, who was recently
indicted by the Federal Grand Jury for
Rending uiimallaWe matter through the
Dostofflofl Wedekind is a lumberman and
is 'accused of sending obscene letters to
hla divorced wife and Herman Sloat, a
friend of hers.
Banquet to Volunteers.
The ex-members of the City Guard,
Company B. First Infantry, National
Guard of California, will tender a banquet
to Company B. First California Volun
teers, this evening at the Occidental
Hotel.
FOR NOVELTY
TURN TOWARD
THE ORPHEUM
WIAT a hungry surface of human
ity, with never a vacant chair,
one looks down upon at the Or
pheum. Hungry for amusement,
of course, and sure of satisfaction. No
ordinary "teams" worthy but a modest
fodder pull the fun chariot this week
most of them would pass the test of
thoroughbred. One can scarce go a
thought too far in praising the little
dancers, Arnold Grazer and La Petite
Hazel. Wonders of mites they are with
strength of toe and voice beyond their
years, amusing with rapid changes for all
the world like their elders. The male in
eptitude for handling a skirt finds no ex
pression in little Arnold's hands— perhaps
because he has come to it young. Little
Hazel's specialty seems to be the cake
walk motions. She must be a most Ob
serving little sunbeam, for she has appro
priated about lh< best that cake walkers
have to offer. Like Moliere, perhaps, she
has taken her own where she found it
and this art of recognizing one's own Is
but little understood even by the brain
of the old and wise. I wish the children
a happy and profitable career in the
vaudeville world. Montell looks so little
like a juggler that his work surprises
one. Playing with fire is a pastime for
him and a beautiful satisfaction to his
audience— the brands look like flying
meteors. A woman close at my elbow
complained bitterly because he dropped
one. It might be well to remember that
Paderewski plays a wrong chord occa
sionally and that "Correse once sang a
false note." Who is the other man ii"t
down on the bill and hence, I suppose,
not charged for? He of the Cyrano
make-up. I mean. He creates the laughs
and I. for one. should like a printed In
troduction. The sarcasm and clever
home thrusts in the new sketch "Behind
the Scenes" are so satisfying and the
conception such a clever one that I could
wish the structural needs of the play
were a little better looked to. Felix Mor
ris always infuses his own artistic per
sonality into any part and a Frenchman
is his golden opportunity. I wonder If
Miss Wood Intended her costume as Miss
Bharpless, the authoress. If not. she has
builded better than she knew, for it Is the
real "Sunday best" of the literary lady.
Miss Mary Townley does the part of
Rose Dufard with a quiet Intelligence
thai, makes one suspect possibilities, and
the personality of Miss Ethel Harrison,
the leading lady, is most attractive.
Charley Case needs material. His songs
are good, though most of us will have to
adjust ourselves to his method before
they arc appreciated: He says some very
good things in his monologue and some
that I am sure are not recognized, his
delivery is so quiet. Still I think It Is
better material and not a change of atti
tude that tie needs. The attitude Is
fetching because original. The Hungar
ian Hoys' Military Hand, augmented in
numbers and t;esh and trim in costume,
h.js come back to us better than it went.
The boys have a larger repertoire and a
smoother method. Their leader is the
most earnest and the most modest
1 have \et seen. If he looked
once in a while, at a useful moment, he
would reailzp that some of the applause
Is meant for him. With Apollo, the
Moulieri Sisters and the biograph, who
shall find the Orpheum a field for savage
criticism?
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
GOOD PERFORMANCE
OF GOUNOD'S OPERA
Barron Berthald and Anna Licuter
Essay Romeo and
Juliet.
1 The success of "Romeo and Juliet" de
penda of course mainly on the artistic
i qualifications of those vocalists who essay
the leading- rules. Gounod attempted a
very different task when endeavoring to
put Shakespeare's highly dramatic story
into music. That he (lid not do justice to
tlx- theme is generally conceded and yet
If two artists Join forces in a truly ro
mantic version of the parts they will be
well able to interest their audiencea.
There are, no doubt, greater artists and
vocalists than those at the Tivoli on th<
stage to-day who are heard in this opera,
hut hardly any of them will go through
their work with more sincerity than Bar
ron Berthald and Anna Lichter, who were
chosen by the Tivoli management to play
these roles. I
Until vocalists have studied the vocal
score with exceeding care and render it
conscientiously. Mr. Berthaid fosters be-
Bides an agreeable tenor a capacity for
acting that is very useful to him in the
portrayal of romantic characters and his
intensify of action Is so strong that Miss
Lichter, who is usually not very fortunate
in complying with the elecutionary part
of her Work, was carried along and did
really some remarkably good acting at
times. That the opera is not as popular
as "Faust' must be ascribed to a mo
notonous treatment of the theme which
Beems to repeat like phrases in almost
every n^t. In other words, the composer
omitted to introduce a variety of themes
according to the variety of dramatic in
cidents.
Next to the commendable work of Mr.
Berthald and Miss Lichter the orchestra
is deserving of some attention. Mr.
Hirschfeld, whose seriousness us a musi
cian is largely responsible for lhe suc
cess of this present grand opera season,
does not shun any effort to give the San
Francisco public the very best rendition
of great musical works that can possibly
In- obtained at the very low prices 01" ad
mission. Furthermore, it will hardly be
disputed that those who attend the grand
opera season at the Tivoli receive more
value for .their expense than they are en
titled to. In view of this fact a certain
appreciation is due both to the director
and the management which should man-l
ifest itself In a continued attendance, ■
ALKItKD MKTZGEK.B
"LUCKY" BALDWIN'S
DISPLAY OF PLUCK
PASADENA, Sept. s.— "Lucky" Baldwin
still "has his nerve with him." Baldwin
owns the Santa Anita ranch, eight miles
west of this city. He has been developing
water on the ranch of late and arrived on
Sunday to see how things were progress-
Ing. J. L. Breen, a ranch employe, had
received a jug of whisky by express from
a friend and was making merry. He
wanted J. McDonald, a man said to be SO
years of age. to take a. drink. lie at
tacked the octogenarian with a knife, it
is alleged. Thereupon George Gould Inter
ceded and was felled by an ax. He was
mjt killed. The bystanders were afraid
to touch the drunken man.
Just then E. J. Baldwin cam*, and tak
ing in the situation, he drew a gun. Mc-
Donald and Gould lay on the ground.
Breen was threatening to commit murder
with the ax. Gould had blackened his
. ye .".nd McDonald's blood was on his shirt
front.
Baldwin presented his revolver and de
clared he would shoot if the man did not
submit to arrest. Baldwin held Breen cov
ered until Deputy Sheriff Hosmer could
be summoned from Sierra Madre.
ACCUSED OF AN ATTEMPT
TO BLOW UP A HOUSE
KESWICK, Sept. s.— Mrs. J. 11. Plumb,
who came so near to being blown up with
her children Sunday morning by an explo
sion of giant powder under her house, nas
caused the arrest of William H. Snyder
of this place, whom she believes is guilty
of having caused the explosion. Snyder
was arrested here late last evening and
taken to the county jail, where he lingers
in default of 12000 ball.
Snyder is a barkeeper, long a resident
of Keswick. and has borne a good repu
tation Mrs. Plumb avers that he ob
truded his attentions upon her, much to
her disgust, and that he has repeatedly
thrfiitened to do what was done Sunday
mornirg The circumstances, therefore,
point to Snyder as the guilty person, but
there is no direct evidence.
Kearsage Makes 17 1-4 Knots.
NEWPORT NKWS, \a.. Sept. s.— The
official reading of the log gave the first
class battleship Kearsarge. which went
on her trial trip to-day, a record of 17V4
knots, which speed was maintained for
nearly half an hour.
Gould's Long Cruise.
SOUTHAMPTON, Sept. B.— Howard
Gould and party, on board Mr. Gould's
steam yacht Niagara, have returned to
Southampton from Norway, having
cruised 12,000 miles since May 12, on which
date the Niagara sailed from New York.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
A CHILD CREMATED
BY BURNING GRASS
BERKELEY, Sept. s.— Sparks from a passing engine of the California
and Nevada narrow-gauge road were responsible this morning for the
tragic death of a little five-year-old child in Lorin. Shortly before
noontime Alma Christlanson was playing in some dry grass with two
companions Stanley Rose and his younger sister. As the train passed them
live coals set fire to the grass, which in turn caught the child's clothing,
and before help could arrive the little one was literally burned to a crisp.
The scene of the accident was in the vicinity of Irwin and Ix>well
streets Vacant lots covered with dry grass line the railroad track for some
distance and small grass fires are almost of daily occurrence In the neigh
borhood. To-day as the train went by a blaze started as usual, but this time
before its force was spent it took with it a human life.
Screams from the burning child first called the attention of the neigh
bors The family of C. C. Bishop, on Irwin and I,owell streets, were the
first to be attracted by her cries. From a window In the upper story of his
house Mr Bishop looked out to see the little one enveloped in flames. Be
fore he could reach the spot all the girl's clothing had been burned off the
body and the little form was almost lifeless as he ran with it to the par
ents' home. Although physicians were summoned immediately, nothing could
be done After an hour of terrible agony the sufferer passed away.
John Christianson. the father, is employed in r lead factory in San Fran
cisco. The family, which includes six young children, is very poor, and the
neighbors have started a subscription for the funeral.
TURNED THE TABLES
ON HIS HOUSEKEEPER
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Sept. 5.
Up to about last May Adelaide Bade,
single and forty, reigned as cook and
housekeeper in the domicile of Charles L.
Stevens, a widower and rancher of Pleas
anton. Now they never speak as they
pass by nor do they put themselves out
to pass by, for tiring of th>' quietude of
farm life after two years' experience,
Adelaide Bade hied her to livelier scenes
in San Francisco and soon tiled suit
against her former lord and employer for
the recovery of $4i<3 si balance claimed
due for services rendered. And now the
rancher is suing her as an offset for
dainties and attentions he provided Cor
her during their happier days, and for
having her washing done.
The Bade suit was re^ntly transferred
from San Francisco to the Superior Court
of this county and to-day Stevens
an answer together with an Interesting
cross-complaint.
After denying the allegations of his
former r.mk and housekeeper the rancher
avers that he loaned and advanced to her
$r>"4 25 which she promised to pay l>.i<-k.
Continuing the crosa-complalnt recites:
"That during the two years last past
plaintiff occupied a certain room in de
fendant's home at JPleasanton and at her
request was furnished witTl food and at
tendance. That there were times during
which plaintiff was compelled to give his
entire attention to defendant inasmuch as
she was sick and unable to leave her
room: during which time he was at con
siderable expense, in producing and pro
viding her wth edibles and delicacies
suitable to her condition, and that during
these times he had her washing done.
"That said room, board and services
rendered were reasonably worth $I."> per
month and there is now due for same
$3tiO no part of which has been paid. In
view of these premises the rancher asks
judgment for $*fi4 2". and costs.
IGNORED RELATIVES
TO CONTEST HER WILL
OAKLAND, Sept. s.— There will be a
contest shortly over the estate of Mrs.
Kate V. Dunmire. who died in this city
on August 15 last Mrs. Dunmire left a
will whereby she bequeathed hor entire
estate, consisting of two houses on
Franklin street, JSOO in bank and $1703 out
on mortgage, to a nephew and niece
wholly ignoring her brother, John \OTk
of Stockton, and Mrs. Mary Randlett. a
sister living at Knights F.-rry. because,
' as she says in the will, they have ample
!of this world's goods. To-day W. E.
! Barnard, who is named as executor, ap
! plied for letters f<>r thr> purpose of keep
ing the property intart pending the con
i test which is to be filed in behalf of the
i sister and brother this week by Attorneys
I Weed & Nusbaumer.
. ♦ ■
To Solicit Subscriptions.
ALAMEDA. Sept. .I.— At a meeting of the
(reneral committee for the reception to the
Alameda volunteers held in the Recorder's
courtroom last evening the following
named committee was named to solicit
subscriptions for defraying the expenses
of the proposed reception: \\ . \\ . Gog
gin A. C. Bates. A. V. Usher. H. k.
Starkweather. B. C. Brown. C. H. Smith,
VY F Shulte. Mrs. L. J. Geary, Miss A.
D* Bremer W. B. Hinchman. J. R.
Knowland. C. L. Weller. Thomas Lasker,
V W Thompson. T. G. Darnells, G. F.
Weeks and Mrs. John Rew. B. C. Brown.
A C. Bates. C. E. Pesoli. J. R. Knowland
and James Fowler were appointed a com
mittee to appear before the City Trustees
to-morrow evening and ask for financial
aid for the reception.
FAIL TO FIND THE
BONES OF DUNHAM
Sheriff Langford and His Posse Dis
couraged by Their Lack
of Success.
LOS BANOS. Sept. '<.— lf Murderer
Dunham's bones lie bleaching In the
Pacheco Hills a kindly fate has effectual
ly hidden them, for Sheriff Langford and
his party have been unable so far to find
the slightest trace of them. From sun
rise to dark the officers rode the hills to
day, looked into ravir.es and underbrush,
but th<- skeleton young Keener ran across
while lost in the hills could not be found.
The boy is bewildered and seems unable j
to locate any distinguishing points. Sher
iff Langford is discouraged and has about |
given up tin- idea of finding the remains, j
This morning Keener endeavored to get
his bearings by entering from the Los
Banoß side. He recognized portions of
the country, but not the place he wanted.
They worked over the whole country,
through which Keener thought he had
passed The posse stretched out in a
long line At dusk they returned and
the -ack 'the Sheriff carried on the back
of his saddle to receive the bones of
Dunham was empty. The hunt will be
resumed to-morrow.
To-night Sheriff Langford and party are
camped' at the Frank Carrick cattle ranch,
nineteen miles fiom here, near the Moun- j
tain House. S. H. Reel of the Mountain I
House is positive Dunham occupied his;
barn on the night of May 30. four days
after the murders. Reel's brother and a
Mexican saw him. and when approached
he fled from the barn. The man took the
direction of the supposed resting place of
the skeleton. This is the last authentic
clew of the murderer.
TWO LIVES WRECKED.
Lover Deserts Sweetheart for An
other Man's Wife.
VICTORIA, B. C Sept. 5.— A desolated
home and a broken-hearted girl whose
dreams of married happiness are shat
tered form the background to an elope
ment that was reported to the police to
day by Andrew Steward of Frederick
street He has just returned from Stev
eston where he has been managing a
cannery during the salmon season, to find.
that last Saturday his wife deserted him
for a younger *nan. Alf Butler of the
Chemical Works Company, and started
Ea«t with him. taking her little girl and
$1700 of her husband's savings. Butler
was engaged to Mrs. Steward B sister.
The police hope to catch the eloping pair
at Winnipeg, which city they will reach
to-morrow. m
CONFIRMS THE REPORT.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. s.— ln an inter
view with a representative of the Asso
ciated Press Rt*ar Admiral Sampson con
firmed the report that he had asked to be
.relieved of the command of the North
Atlantic squadron after the Dewey recep
tion at New York. The admiral said:
"I some time since asked Secretary
Long to relieve me of the command of the
squadron after the reception of Admiral
Dewey, but the Secretary has not yet
fixed a definite time when my relief shall
be ordered. 1 '
CRIPPLED BY THE
CARS AT FRUITVALE
OAKLAND, Sept. s.— "l'd much rather
be dead than this way. Here 1 lie with
one leg off and my other foot crushed. It
will have to be taken off a-s well, and then
what'll I be good for?" The speaker lying
on the operating table at the Receiving
Hospital was Martin Wyatt, aged 22
years, employed at the Penfleld Steel
Works ;ind residing with his sister, Mrs.
H H Griffin, at 114% Turk street. San
Francisco. Hi s remarkable constitution
and vitality were the wonderment of Drs.
"tratton Rowe, 'Wilcox and Pratt, who
were preparing for the painful operation.
The young man, now crippled for life
and his hopes of recovery by no means
bright had crossed the bay this afternoon
, se c some friends off to Stockton. It
had been his intention to leave them at
Frultvale but he had no idea that the 5
o'clock Stockton train speeds past Fruit
vale without stopping, and when he saw
his mistake he attempted to jump from
the train. He held to the iron railing a
second too long and was dragged and
thrown beneath the cruel wheels.
RELIC OF THE BIG
RAILROAD STRIKE
I OAKLAND, Sept. s.— Judge Ellsworth
' to-day handed down a decision giving
; Samuel W. Elliott judgment for $700 and
'■. costs against the Southern Pacific Com
j pany.
i The Bult has been in litigation for near
ly five years and grew out of the fact that
Elliott was expelled from a train when he
i had in his possession a limited trip ticket.
He resided at Fleasanton in July.
1894 when the American Railway Union
strike occurred. He bought a round-trip
ticket from his home to San Francisco,
the terma allowing him to return to
Plfasanton within three days. Owing to
the strike he could not return within that
time, and when the trains began running
again he attempted to ride on the
! strength of his ticket and was ejected.
The suit was first tried before a jury,
i but a disagreement resulted, and latterly
the matter was tried before Judge Ells
< worth.
She Had Many Lovers
OAKI AND. Sept. s.— Rudolph Fprmien
W aa -'in .'ii trial to-day for making al
leged promises of marriage to Mis? Hat
tie [saacs Many witnesses have been
Bubpenaed by the defense to show that
MN- [saaca had so many friends that it
would be difficult to determine who might
have promised to marry her. Many little
scones in backrooms of restaurants and
lively transactions at dances were de
scribed by the witnesses. Tho paternity
of a child is also an element in the suit,
which will probably occupy several days.
_. ♦ »
Wanders About Denuded
OAKLAND, Sept. 5.-Eliza A. Perreau,
aged 74 years and residing at 1212 Seventh
street was committed to the insane
asylum at Napa this afternoon by Judge
H-ill The aged woman has been in the
habit of late wandering about her home
of nights divested of every stitch of
clothing arousing her neighborhood and
declaiming on spiritualism. She had been
in an asylum before jit Stockton.
Death of Rod Cameron.
BEPKELEY Sept s.— News has 3ust
i reached this city of the death of Rod
Cameron a former resident. Cameron
i was seriously injured a few^ days ago n
a dynamite explosion in the Stehekln
'■ Valley near Seattle. It was thought at
first "that the injuries would not prove
■ fatal but the unfortunate man succumbed
, to the effects a few days after the acci
dent.
SETTLEMENT EFFECTED
BY WICKERSHAM HEIRS
Frank Wickersham of Fresno Re
ceives $28,000 for Abandon
ing His Contest.
SANTA ROSA. Sept r,.— Final action
was taken this morning in the litigation
over the estate of the late Isaac Wick
ersham the Petaluma banker. The op
position of Frank Wickersham to tho
probate of his father's will was dismissed
and Fred Wickersham and Lizzie Wick
ersham were appointed executors. Attor
ney Uppitt filed a stipulation as to the
dismissal of the opposition. The pro
ceedings this morning culminated in an
agreement made between the heirs of
[saac WickerHham and Frank Wickers
ham of Fresno. The estate is valued at
over a million dollars.
A copy of the agreement to settle the
case at issue was filed later in the day.
the consideration named therein being
$28,000.
TEMBLOR'S RUMBLINGS
JAR MOUNT TAMALPAIS
LARKSPUR. Sept. s.— The large build
ing in which Jean Escalle conducts a
wholesale wine business a half-mile north
of this place was severely shaken by an
earthquake at 6:30 o'clock this morning.
The force of the temblor was such that
a crack an inch wide was made in the
structure, extending from the top of the
rear entrance to the gable.
For several weeks timid residents of
Mill Valley have told of rumblings seem
ingly proceeding from Mount Tamalpais,
which they believed the precursor of an
earthquake, but no rumblings or other
indications of a disturbing nature have
caught the attention of Walter Scholl,
who has charge of the weather observa
tory on the summit of the mountain.
Omaha Carpenters Strike.
OMAHA. Sept. s.— Three hundred car
pentors struck to-day for an increase of
5 cents an hour. They have been re
ceiving 30 cents. A few of the contractors
granted the request for an increase, but
all the others wanted the question post
poned until the Ist of January.
Raid on Scavengers
Nine scavengers were arrested yester
day, three for dumping garbage on pri
vate lots, three for using unsanitary
wagons and three for driving a wagon
without a license. The offending scav
engers, according to the health officials,
have been in the habit of delivering gar
baße to the Central Power Company, 217
Beale street and to Mantel's Power Com
pany, 155 Fremont street, to be used as
fuel Numerous complaints have been
made by business men in the vicinity of
these places and the Board of Health has
issued orders to prosecute the violators
of the law.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Alfred E. Carey, a Southern Pacific
switchman of Sacramento, $548 20; no as
sets.
SAYS HUSBAND
TAUGHT HER TO
DRINK LIQUOR
Mrs. Watson Answers
Divorce Suit.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 5.
Mrs. Lulu Watson, who is being sued
for a divorce by i- r husband, James "Wat
son, <mi the m-'nnui of desertion and ha
i'ii:ial Intemperance, to-day filed an an
swer ami cross-complaint of a rather sen
sational nature, virtually declaring that
th«- shoo is on the other foot ami openly
i pharging her husband with inducing ncr
to acquire the liquor habit.
Her answer Beta forth that they were
married in April, 1893, at which ume she
was the proprietress of a fashionable
boarding-house in New Haven, Conn.,
and was worth $I'Vhw In money and
jewelry.
Her cross-complaint goes on to recite
that ho r husband "induced her to drink
in order that he might extort all hei
money ami jewelry from her"; that after
he had accomplished this he deserted her
in the streets of Chicago eighteen months
agn.
While in Chicago, says the cross-com
plaint, Watson struck her in the face with
his list, knocking her down, blackening
I her eyes and bruising her face; then he
1 locked the room and left her there alone
: all night. Later relatives sent Mrs. Wat
i son to a "White Plains, N. V., gold cure
establishment, and While she was under
treatment there, so the wife claims, Wat
! son called on her intoxicated and brought
j her whisky which he "induced her to
i drink, thereby destroying the effects of
i the treatment Bhe was receiving for a
' liquor disease that Watson caused her to
I contract."
The wife alleges that her husband is
receiving $250 per month salary as buyer
for wholesale houses and she asks that
I he be ordered to pay her $60 per month
' alimony and $150 to retain an attorney
pending the action.
In the divorce suit of Mary Dinslaga
against Herman Dinslage, plaintiff to-day
I applied for an order of court directing
defendant to pay her a reasonable amount
for co3ts, attorneys fees and for support
and maintenance of self and infant pend
ing the trial of the divorce suit. Mrs.
Dinslage avers in her complaint that in
! August lSitS, her husband calne home and
"punched bit and kicked her," and locked
her out of the house. The parties were
married in San Francisco two years ago,
I but their lappiness was of short dura
' tion for accon'rtng to the complaint,
! shortly after the marriage Dmslage
caught his wife talking to a French
baker, when he struck her in the face.
Divorce suits were commenced in the
; Superior Court to-day by Josephine M.
Dickson against Albert M. Dickson and
G L Noble against Harriet R. Noble,
desertion being alleged in both cases as
1 the grounds for cause of action also
Gertie M. McLane against Charles H. Mc
i Lane on the ground of cruelty, and Emma
Ketchum against G. H. Ketchum for fail
ure to provide.
It Was Cupid's Busy Day.
OAKLAND, Sept. s.— County Clerk Jor
dan to-day issued the following marriage
licenses: Aruhard 11. Kireti, aged 26, and
Minnie S. Kostering, aged 24. botn of Ala
meda; David Davies, M years of Nevada
City Nev and Emma Richards, m years,
of Portland Or.; Edward Jasper Stewart,
■H years and Camilla Ada Parker. 29
years, Berkeley; Joseph Huber, 23 years,
and Ma/y Hottes, 22 years, Oakland;
George Washington Roger, 45 years, and
Qpnrfie Grace Robinson, 35 years, Eureka;
Guy Torvense Gould, 25 years, Chicago,
111 and Louisa Kerr, 24 years. Oakland:
Samuel W. Tnorn, 33 years, and Sabina
Beueche, 27 years, San Francisc.; Joseph
Dold 31 years, and Lina Binet. 24 years,
San Francisco: James M. Palmer Jr.,33
years Napa, and Florence I. Grisgsby, 2h
years, Oakland: Edward M. Snrague, 22
years Sacramento, and Elizabeth Sprecht,
19 years. Oakland; William Beckmann, 27
years, San Jose, and Ida May Dockery, 2>i
years San Francisco; William Edwin
Griffith, 30 years, and Katherine Harrub,
23 years, Oakland.
■ ♦ ■
Pioneer Merchant Dies.
OAKLAND, Sept. s.— Peter Baker, one
of the oldest merchants in this city, died
to-night. He established a grocery busi
ness on lower Broadway forty years agn
and conducted it up to the time of his
death. Deceased was a member of Live
Oak Lodge, and his funeral will take
place from Masonic Temple on Friday
afternoon.
Trial of the Felis Divorce.
OAKLAND, Sept s.— The trial of the
Felis divorce suit was begun before Judge
Ellsworth to-day and will occupy several
days. Mrs. Bernal Felis is suing on the
ground of cruelty and seeks to recover
valuable land near Livermore, which she
claims she was possessed of before she
married Felis.
BRITISH STEAMER IS
SUNK IN COLLISION
CADIZ. Sept. s.— The Danish steamer
Cathay, bound from Antwerp for Port
Arthur, has put into this port with her
stem smashed and plates injured. She
reports having been in collision yesterday
! off St Vincent, on the southwest ex
tremity of Portugal, with the British
Bteamer Clan MacGregor, which sailed
from Madras August 5 and Colombo
August 8 for London. The Cathay added
i that the Clan MacGregor sank, but that
her crew were safely landed.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BELTING.
LD IIEfiCV Manufacturer of Belting and
• I- llcUEn, Lace Leather. 106-107 Mis-
sion st., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
PERIODICALS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKE AND Pld IRON.
JT WII SAN * C(\ 90 ° Battery Street.
• W- WILSUN tt CU-, Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BL.TTH, MgT.
Cf CMITH Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
• IT- 31*11 lu> and Ship Work a Specialty, 16
! and IS Washington st. Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
! lAC DAVCC Cii Shipping Butchers, 104
I JAj DUICjaCU> Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
Ju LUIJIHI/, styles, lowest upstair*. Latest
. Ri LUrjlAUi styles, lowest prices, temode'ing.
I .
IRON FOUNDERS.
1 WESTERN FOUNDRY, %£?. & S
! st. Cast.ngs of Every Description Made to
| Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
Will AMETTC PULP AND PAPER CO.
WILLAIuEIIC 722 Montgomery street.
'," V ". T ,!\V. ; 5 .' PRINTING.
En HITr.HEC PRINTER,
• 1/ HliUnt3> 611 Sansome St., S. F.
I THE HICKS JUDD CO , am, „ gr*-
I ___ — _ 1
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te c^e a phlc PARTRIDGE m S^r"
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, }£**&&
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO., at Its GREEN
i RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal in the
1 Market. Office and Yards— 4so Main street.
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Fraa-taoo
rail, comer of Market and Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night In th» year.
BRANCH OFFICES— CSV Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until » :So .f,' o ! -^^
SOO Hayea street: open until 6:30 eToloek.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:so o oloc*.
«16 Larkln street; open until 9:so o'clock.
5941 Mission street! open until 10 o olook.
22a Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. , , ,
IK Eleventh street: open until • o-olock.
1096 Valencia street; open until » o clooK.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; op*" until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
No. 2, R. .and n
8. M.. will moet THIS fWEDNES- -J^
WAY) EVENING. September 8. at , s /W*\
o'olock for business and degrees. By / »
" fder ° f F £aNKL& H. DAY. Recorder.^
SraS^ei?^ THIS 4 ' «W)^ A I
NESDAYI EVENING, at r o'clock. -±J.\ ■
THEO. FROLICH, i : «'*Ji
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. ar.d A. A
M.— Stated meeting THIS (WEDNES- _i^_ !
DAY) EVENING, , September 6, at '- !J XjJS\
o'clock. Third degree. '^ r .
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
L'BOCKETT Lodtre No. 139. F. and A. ft
M.— Stated meeting nnd Third rree m g\ m I
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING. T%J\
September 6, at 7:30 o'clock. By order' vT » ■
pf •isW M. H. rORTREIPE, Secretary. _
/
JINIGHTS of the Red Branch- if
Important meeting at the hail, _ *^_i» .to ;
1133 Mission st. THIS (WEDNES- JL
DAT) EVENING. Sept. 6, at \«&>*j'f' f I
8 o'clock. A full attendance ::; B Tf>'
desired. THE PRESIDENT. _^_ j
'£H3 regular meeting of the San Fran- ;1
clhoo Bricklayers' Association will be M
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- .#> y ,
JNG, September 6, ISS3. at B'nai B'rlthJsJJ7 ■
Kn.ll, 121 Eddy 6t, at 8 o'clock. A full__«K
attendance requested. Business of im- jjj v
ano*. K. J. BRANDON. Pres. •
QUARTERLY meeting Austrian Be- a :
novolent Society will be held ong^2f*r^ '
WEDNESDAY EVENING, Sept. 6. fj^_fe?
7:80 sharp. All the members are re- '' V^S
quested to be present for important *---•-
businass and donation. By order.
J. L. RADOVICH, President
A. CONNICH. Secretary. i
NOTICE of meeting of stockholders cf The R!s-
d?n Iron and Locomotive Works, to take into (
i-sneiaeration r*°pos*d increase of capital :
ttock.
Notion is hereby given that pursuant to n i
resolution and order of the board of directors
of The Rifdon Iron and Locomotive Works, a j
ration onranizsd and existing under and j
by virtue of the laws of the State of Califor-
nia, and having Its office and principal place
cf bupinesp at the city and county of Pan
Francisco. In eald State, unanimously adopted
at a reg-ular meeting of said board he! on
tr.£ seventh day of Aufrust. in tho year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, a
meeting of tho stockholders of said corpora-
tion will be held on Wednesday, the Eight-
«•£ :Hh Day of October, in the year one thou-
sand eight hundred and ninety-nine, nt the
hour of two o'clock in the afternoon of said
«3iy, at the offlra of said corporal which
is- at the building situate on the easterly cor- i
ncr of Beale and Howard streets, in said city ;
and county of San Francisco, the same being |
the principal place of business of said corpo-
ration, and being the building where the
b «r.l of directors of said corporation usually i
meets;
That the object of said meeting Is to deter-
mine whether or not the capita] stock of said
corporation shall be increased f rom one million !
dollars, divided into ten thousand shares of
one hundred dollars each, to a capita] stock
cf cne million one hundred thousand dollars,
divided Into eleven thousand shares of one
hundred dollar* each;
That the amount to which It Is proposed to
Increase the said capital stock Is one million
one hundred thousand dollars.
By order of the board of directors.
L. R. MEAD,
Eecretary of The Risdon Iron and Locomotive
Works.
Dated August ». 1?99.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Dairymen's Union of California will be held
st the office of the corporation. 124-125-12?
Paris St., on MONDAY. September 11. 1539, i
at 1 o'clock p. m." for the purpose of electing j
directors for tho ensuing year and the trans-
action of «'jch other business ss may come
before the meeting. S. H. CHEPA. _.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
XAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— G. Ma-
iruire (Mt-Congresgmar.) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the I'arrott build-
ing. M 5-855 Market St.: tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreekeis I tiding, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
J. 11. PARKER. 91 S Market st, room 67; advice
free: charge low: business pushed.
NAGLE & NAGLE, Attorn'-ys-ar-Law, Emma
fpreckels building. 927 Market st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W. '
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. npp. Mason
ACCOUNTANTS.
B. k BALLARD, 401 <al st.. audits ft
nrtfnsts accounts for oorporfitinns .V firms: ref.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange.
LADY'S wheel, Cleveland, 24 lbs., nearly new,
at reasonable price. Call between 10 and 12
or 5 and 7 at 70; Bush st.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTExTfaIKMOUNT— Strictly firat-claJis: 171*
Market fit.. S. F. Cal. ; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
cr en suite; board and room, $1 per day up;
suites without beard, $1 per day; single rooms,
6Cc; epecial rates by month, also to tourists.
FRVITVALE; priv. board; extensive grounds,
lncl. orchard; Hopkins House. Hopkins and
Frultvale ay. : cars puss. Ad. Diamond P. O.
GEARY, 83S— Handsome suite and bath; front
ijard^n; i ..rate entrance.
HOTEL WILMOT, 72S Sutter— Handsomely
furnished sunny suites, with private bath.
O'FAKHELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; tpecial rates to gents.
"VAN NESS, Elegantly furnished rooms,
■with excellent board; reasonable.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY would like one or two children to take
care of at homo. 9H Oak Grove aye.
— NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co., 704 Mission at., near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
|500 — CORNER saloon, with side entrance. and
olubruoi'i; runs $«>: choicest location; 1 block
from Phelan building. R. <;. WILKE, 9%
Market at.
A— s2Boo; F:iloon; kept by present owner 11
years; lew doors from Market st; vicinity
iialdv.in Hotel; lease; a first-class paying
place; no better offer tor location or business
In the market. 1! G. WILKE, 906 Market
A— s46o; PARTNER wanted, man or lady, in
first-class paying home bakery, delicacy and
lunch hou:-e; close to Powell and Ellis sts.;
Sl f X> for each partner guaranteed. Particulars,
R. G. WILKE. &06 Market Bt.
A— fSSO: RESTAURANT, opp. City Hall; good
sstab place; best class of custom; fullest in-
vesljiration soliciteu. K. G. WTLKiS, &06
Market st
A— J2SO— RESTAURANT doing a good business j
on Larkln st. ; rent low: spimdid place for 1
man and wife. R. G. WILKE, VO6 Market st
A— tU'PO; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
point; rent 540: a good-paying store; estab-
flani years; full value in eight; all cash i
trade. Call R. G. WILKE. 90S Market st.
£500— MANUFACTURING business; cash sales;!
large profits. McLAUGHLIN ft CO., T77V4
Market st.
tOoO— S ALOON ; best bargain in the city on ac-
count of sickness. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
77714 Market m.
«7"S—CANDY and Ice cream parlor. McLAUGH-
UN & CO.. 777^ Market St.
ijr^ RESTAURANT doing- good business; full
Investigation given, or trade for li.dging-
house and ray diff. EITEL, 100SH Market si
sii>— FRUIT stand; lint- business; 3 living
rooms; low rent BASILE, 3 Eddy st
PVST.AURANT— Great sacrifice this day. See
COWING & CO., 985 Mnrket St.
tjoticf— Having buyers willing to Invest In a
legitimate business. HEAL: 917 Market st.
T\-17ni E a VLE and retail wine business on
Market St.: established 9 years; steadily grow-
;„- l)ar « n d family trade: domestic reasons
<y,? Krllinir' Intending buyers with ready cush
ogress for particulars D. E. N.. box 3203.
Ca H office; no agents or ___-
PHILADELPHIA HOUSE, 421 Bush, opp. Cal-
ifurnU Theater-43 rooms; gas and water In
every room ; r>ce _so_
t t/~.i-rm «tore at a transfer corner; an estab-
busfness of many years. Box 2111. Call.
nrcTii-RAKT 1 good location cheap rent;
K^ A^ R 4eforgin_and wife. 1941 Market
ctat t oanital- one of the best businesses in
America 3 '! K. PABKEft 916 Market, r. 67.
— ;; —^^^jt'pan'T 'with every convenience;
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$400— PARTNER wanted in a saloon; good
stock; paying business; partner preferred to
other help; not absolutely necessary to have
experience In this line, but must be a trust-
worthy man. 632 Market St., room 6.
IF you want to buy a good restaurant call and
tee for yourself; 87 chairs; new range; no
agents. COS and 610 Seventh st.
SALOON doing fair business; suitable for a
woman; near water front; will give trial for
week or two; price $200. Address box 2103,
Call office.
FRUIT and candy store; doing good business;
good location; proprietor sick: terms reason- !
able; trial given. Address box 2225, Call.
SALOON, Harmony Hall, northeast corner
Post ar.d Kearny sts.; will sell at a sacrifice;
cause sirkr.ess; call this day.
WANTED— Capital to back manufacture of
automobiles, gasoline motors, etc.; have fa-
cilities. Box 101. Call.
FOR sale— Bakery and delicacy store. 2917
Slxtf/finth st.. near Howard.
BRANCH bakery; candy, notions; 2 living- i
ruoir.f:: want an offer. Sod% Filbert st ;
A 1? \KGAlN— Grocery and bar, cheap; living
roons. J. RAHN, 219 Eleventh st.
ACROPOLIS ehophouse. Sutro Heights; cheap;
going to Europe. No. 5. hall block from bath.-.
FOR KALE— A good paying branch bakery and
coffee parlor. Inquire at sis Larkln st. I
SALOON: $350: 12 Seventh; fixtures alone worth j
price cslicd; selling account of ness. j
COFFEE rind tea routes supplied from GEO
W. CASWELL & CO.'S.V 412 Snoram»nto st.
PRIVATE boarding house: 15 ■•■.-: all full;
north of Market Box 1341. Call office.
GOOD paying Inside route for Bale; this paper.
Apply Call: offlce.
FOlTTale— Good payinc Inside route on this ,
paper. Anfly ('-'all office. i
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ONE delivery wagon carrying one ton; top and ;
business road buggy, good as new. W. E2.
SHAW, 1621 Market st.
100 BETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom Bt
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. . 1.-,;.. KUAN ,<- SON. 2117 Mission st.
( CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Can»et-
beating Works. 33n--ji7 Tehama st.j^ teVjS.l4o. :
J/McQUEEN^S California Carpet Cleaning Co., |
453 Stevenson st. : tel. South -2S: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet (.'leaning Co.. -102 Sutter st ;
" tel. Main 3i>4. GEO. WALCOM.^ Proprietor. \i
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at Be.
STRATTO.VS, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 10 14th
st.; cleaning, 3o per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. E:».st 12G.
___________________
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure j
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR. j
Agent. ■■::.• and factory, 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SHRITUALISM.
MRS. PR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clalr-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; 5-he will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles restore lost affections; unites the sep-
arated; recovers Ist, stolen or buried prop-
erty: locates treasures and minerals; tells ;
your entire life, past present md future,
while in a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRP. I>R. F. CLARK.
1023VS Market, nr. 6th. Always consu'tthebest.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails: has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
hand or wife; fee. 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody; lucky' numbers. 1167 Market st,
bet. Seventh and Eighth.
AT 9CK) Mnrket, Dr. Rines, I. F. T. B. Spirit-
ual Society; social entertainment Wednes-
day. September C, S p. in. : all welcome: free;
a collection. Dr. Rines, office 2")! Arlington
st, 1 to 5. ■ - -
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card ider; born with double veil and second
sight: diagnoses disease; full life readings;
ladles, 50c; gents, 51: sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk.
C STEERS, medium, li: ! 2 Oak St.; circles
Tues. 8 p. m.; Thurs., 2 p. m.; $2."c; read-
Ini $1.
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night. 8:15. ISO 3
Stockton, near Greenwich; slttincs 10 to 4.
POi'L culture class: free; first lesson 8 p. m.
to-night. 11. H. BROWN. 821 Turk Bt.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past, present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth st., r. 12.
TOUR future told by cards, 25c; daily, 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m. ; Pun., 7 to 10 p. m. 105 Larkln.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. '•" Fourth St.. near Mission.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power in spiritualist reading. 25c up. 5 7th.
MRS. C. J. MEYER. "35 McAllister, tests dally ex-
cept Wed.Sat.:2&.Sp.m..loc. l i:2. : ;c;s!tUnirs daily.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
Lar.V- picture. 2r.c: ladieg. :<U O'Farr.-ll at
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
le.ss successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE 5 rooms and bath; first-class condi-
tion; ■<■: $16; large yard. 3824 Nineteenth st.
DENTISTS.
A^DR. T. E. HIO<;iNS dental parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkaod— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; aleo by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best nr.d most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from 00c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
rilled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up- flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Bynol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. Me; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set, $6; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. "7; Flood b!dg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty gold crowns,
$3 '0 up; plates, extractions fr"e. $4 50 ip; of-
fice hours. 9 a m. to 10 p. m. : Sun.lays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st, ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $'.': .bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prlr.es; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. !i97 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market Bt, near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a late. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
AIETER, 6 Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays. 3 to 12 m. s
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. COc up; crowns,
tH Dp; open evenings. £50 Market st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns just arrived from New York
at McDowell r>res?rri;iU-inir School. 103 Post.
EDUCATIONAL.
HE^LD'fPßusiness College, 24 T^st~st.r~San
HEALD'E !' riness College, 24 Post st.. San
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
eying, etc.; electrical engineering theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course, any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
A NIGHT School for Men, Y. M. C. A.. Mason
and Ellis sts.— Opens October 2. Business and
industrial course^ — Shorthand, typewriting,
bookkeeping, electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing, German, Spanish,
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial taw, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or Fend for
school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market .short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: eunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ln^, meeb. survey.a£Bay.arohi.;day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, -933 Market
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Lelpglc; lessons, 7Cc. 320 Golden Gate aye.
SINGING, piano: Paris grad.; French, Spanish,
|Stno. 680 a. G. aye., r. 6>7; hours 2 to, 8,
THE SAX TBAIST CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
aT— TIIE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses: references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
M BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal),' instructs
In shorthand ; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
LAW Schools, »27 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and j
English; competent; translations. 1512 Cal. St. \
■'EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln Et.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKIJEPING. arithmetic-grammar, writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Ml.sslon,nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE l-Jinp. Agency; all kinds
help. (tEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT Swedish girl desires situation as
cook or housework; best of references: city t
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation;
good cook and housework; best of references;
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 526 Butter.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation,
city or country: best ref. MISS H. CULLI- I
N-VN. 323 Gutter st. ' i
AN experienced chambermaid from the East j
wish a situation In a private boarding ;
house or hot»l; no cards. Call 156 Clara St.,
bet. Fourth and Fifth.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day;
lirst-class laundress; makes herself generally
useful: best references given. Call liv Wlldey
St., bet. Bush and Pine, near Steiner.
RELIABLE young woman wants work by the 1
day or week; general work; understands cook- j
Ing; g-ood reference. Address G. G., Branch
Call office, 300 Hayes St.
MIDDLE-AGED, respectable widow wishes a
situation in i.l 1 war's family, or will lake
care of invalid; city or country. Call MRS.
WILSON, '■: Mason st.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper in wld-
ov.-er's family; would assist children with
school studies and music. Address 1529 How- I
aid st ■
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation to do
general housowork; Is good plain cook; un-
derstands care of sick and children. Ap-
ply 35 Fifth ft. room 4.
DRESSMAKER with first-class city refer- j
ent-«s desires few more engagements at $1 25 ;
day; oulta reasonable. X., 989 Lombard st.,
near Leavenworth^ . I
ELDERLY lady wishes situation as cook; good
references; n.i objection to short distance in
country. 772 Seventh, near West, Oakland.
GERMAN middle-aged woman desires situa-
tion as cook in private family or boarding-
house. 157 Clara st.
GOOD German and American cook wishes sit-
uation to do cooking and some housework;
city or country. S4S Third st.
WANTED— General housework by a first-class
woman; no objection to a short distance in
country. 445 First st.
GERMAN woman wants plain sewing to do at \
home. 621 Mission st, room 1.
2 REFINED young ladies with city reference
would like a position In a small restaurant
or office. Box 2102, Call office. |
GIRL wishes a postlon as cook in private fam-
ily. Please call at 1766 Folsom st
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to do
housework or cooking; city or country; refer-
ence. 313 Seventh st.
POSITION by younc German irirl as maid or
useful traveling- companion. Box 2432. Call.
A REFINED Eastern lady would like a posi-
tion as housekeeper: city or country. Ad-
dress L. T box 2237, Call office. ,
A BRANCH ofilre for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 5c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and 1 ■-!■ • ■ •'■ to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 4141-i O"Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
WINEMAKER and cellar foreman, with IS
years' experience In leading wineries of Cali-
fornia, wants like position; best references.
Address room 6, 337 East Fourth St., Los
Angeles.
YOUNG unmarried man wishes position as
clerk or barkeeper in hotel; years of experi-
ence: best of references; city or country.
Box 2110, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and salesman. 15 years' expe-
rience, ■ in- - position; city or country: would
leave V. S. ; Manila, Mexico, anywhere; ref-
erences and bond. H. L. LOYD. - ••■ Mission.
MAN and wife desire situations; man good
gardener; wife as first-class cook. Address
box 2240, Call office.
SITUATION by young man taking care of :
horses, cow, garden; good driver; handy with ;
tools; reference. Box 2109, Call.
COOK wants a position in a cafe or restaurant; i
German. 27. married, Please call or address
F. G., 77414 Folsom St.
YOUNG man, a college graduate, desires a po-
sition as clerk, accountant or secretary; pos-
sesses a good legal education; will also make
competent tutor, having 6 years' experience
as a teacher In private and public schools; ex-
cellent references. Address J. L., 21515 Va-
lencia St. '■: '-• ."■-.
YOUNG man and wife want positions on farm;
wife good cook, man understands general
farm work. Address M. X., 627 Commercial
St., room 16.
WANTED— Work by young man; window or
bousecleanlng or other work; wall paper
cleaned. HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush,
telephone East 963.
EXCHANGE.
WE can give you an exchange for anything you
have to offer, either a building lot or busi-
ness, ranches or Improved town and city
realty; write or call with particulars of your
property. Pac. Coast Exchange, 1007% Market.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071/2 Market St., San Francisco. Exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
COTTAGES. FLATS.
731 nth; 6 r $20 522 Fell; 3 r $13
3514 2f.th; C r 14 269 Clementina; 4 r. 12
1241 Sanchez; 5 r... 13 1374 ft Stevenson; 3 r 10
315 Jersey; 5 r 13 3CA Tehama: 4 r.. 10
4218 26th: 5 r 12 6488 Jessie; 3 r 10
587 Jersey; 6 r.... 11 j 521 Linden aye.; 3 r 8
4-ROOM flat. 128 O'Farrell st, cor. Powell,
near Orpheum: $12; 3 -room flat, near Third
and Mission; $9. Apply 15 Grant aye.
A SUNNY middle corner flat; modern Improve-
ments. 1000 Webster St., cor. Golden Gate.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath, yard. 714 Franklin st. nr. Golden Gate.
BUCHANAN. 1202— Six rooms and bath; middle
flat; all sunny rooms; owner 253 Minna st.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELi.
10 Montgomery st.
GEARY, 1420/2— sunny upper flat; six rooms;
bath; 126.
NEAR CRy Hall; 2 upper sunny flats; 6 and C
rooms. 26 and -7 Birch aye., off I>arkin, bet.
Grove and -Pulton.
REAR 4 rooms and stable; $10. Apply 2618 Mis-
sion st.
SUNNY flat, 5 rooms, bath and yard; rent
reasonable. 3570 Seventeenth, near Guerrero.
BUNNY 3 rooms, bath, basement. 1 Hampton
place, off Folsom, bet. Second and Third.
THIRD, 417>4— Latest improved fiats: Ist, 8 rms.,
2 kitchens; 2d. 7 rms., one kitchen; new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits.
TO LET — Valencia St., Mission warm belt;
upper flat:' 4 rooms and bath; sun all day;
rent reasonable; good locality.
TWO fine flats: new house: Richmond District:
modern Improvements; 7 and 8 rooms: 130
Second aye. ; rent reasonable; $20 and $22 GO.
UPPER flat— 22 Reed St.; 5 rooms and bath;
marine view; $20. Key 1325 Washington at.
VALLEJO, 1123— Flat. 4 rooms, yard, $9; 1127
Broadway, up. flat. 5 rooms, bath; $16; redu'd.
2 CHOICE sunny flats; 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing. 1336-1340 Fell. nr. Baker.
$10— UPPER flat 4 sunny rooms. 877 Sanchez
Bt, near Se .enteenth.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED."
NEWLY furnished flat; 7 rooms and bath;
modern conveniences. 1445 McAllister st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined, 25c to Due; linen warp matting, l£c per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 80, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1121 Market.
FURNITURE AVANTKD.
WANTED — $5000 carpets, furniture, eta;
highest price. Send postal M. SILVER-
STEIN, 1121 Market st.
END Highest cash price paid. 669 MJsalon.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
C? It? H ANsISrX^oT.7pnONE7~GRANT 185
...FKEE FARE ■
2 extra waitresses, springs, $1 CO a day and
free fare both ways
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
2 WAITRESSES, Dunsmulr (fare here) $20; 2
waitresses, Healdsburg, $20: 2 waitresses,
Madera, $20; J. waitress, Salinas, $20; wait-
ress, Vallejo, $20; head waitress and 2 wait-
resses, $2u, Bakersheld; waitress, Orovllle,
$20; chambermaid to wait, Pescadero, $20; 4
waitresses, city, $20- waitress, city, $22 50; 3
chambermaids to wait, city, $20; cooks for
restaurants and boarding-houses, $20 and $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GIRL for general housework, Stockton, $25.
see party here, and 40 housegirls, $15 and
$25, city and country.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
COOK for a delicacy $6 a week; no
Sunday work, C, R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. - ; . .-;
WANTED— Waitresses, institution, $25; 3 sec-
ond girls, $25; also German and Swedish sec-
ond girls, $20; laundress, $30: five German
cooks, $25 and $30; 3 Protestant cooks, $30;
cook, restaurant, $S week; hotel and board-
ing-house cooks, $25 and $30: first and sec-
ond cooks, SOU; housework, San Mati*o, $25,
see lady here at 9:30 a. m. ; Palo Alto, $26,
soe lad] at 11 a. m.; nursegirls, $20; French
second girl and seamstress, $23; a number
of girls for housework In city and country,
$20 and $25; 4 waitresses for country hotels,
$20; restaurant waitresses. $6 week. Apply to
.1. F. CROSETT & CO., 318 Sutter st.
COOK and wash woman $23 and $20, boarding
house, fare here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
HOUSEWORK, Oakland $25 American fam-
ily of 2. MISS CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress; *25; references;
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
THREE boarding-house cooks; $30 and $25; city
and country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH second girl, $20 r German girl to take
charge of boy 8 years old and sew, , 25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK— $25; Oakland, $25:
Mill Valley $20; Sausalito, $20: San Rafael.
$25; Santa Clara, $20; Napa, $20, and several
other towns. 20 housework girls, city, $15,
$20 and $25; 10 young girls to assist, $10 to
$15; 10 waitresses and chambermaids, city
and country, $20 and $25: 4 second girls, $20
each. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
Telephone Main 651.
WAITRESS. $20; laundress. $25, country hotel.
HOTEL GAZJETTE, 26 Montgomery st.
WAITRESSES registered free at HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery st.. room 12.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged or elderly woman for
light housework and assist with 2 boys; Palo
Alto; wages $10; good home to right party.
Call from 12 to 2, at 644 Jessie st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl, dining room and pantry;
country orphanage; $15. Address E. P., box
2112, Call office.
WANTED- Young girl for housework; refer-
ences required. Apply 720 Broderick st.,
from 10 to 12 a. m.
GIRL to do cooking and general housework:
references; $20; 2 In family. Apply bet. 10
and 1. 2321 Scott st.
SMALL girl wanted who lives at home to take
care of baby. Montrose, room 86, cor. Geary
st. and Van Ness aye.
WANTED— A young girl for general housework
and to assist in cooking for 3 in family;
references. ISIO Fillmore St., after 9 a. m.
WANTED — Neat and steady girl for general
housework, cooking and small washing;
wages $26 1009 Dolores st., near 23d.
LIVELY young men and women to visit sol-
diers at Presidio with good Felling article;
big commission. Full particulars 25 Third st.
GIRL to assist in tailor shop; steady work;
also a presser. 2819 Greenwich st., near Pre-
sldlo.
GIRL or middle-aged woman to do light house-
work; 2 In family. Call between 12 and 5 at
3559 Seventeenth st.
PROFESSIONAL canvassers to demonstrate
Hoover Health Foods; good wages. 1327 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED— CIoak hands at E. MESSAGER'S
Cloak Store, 145 Post st.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper; salary $50. Address
with age and references, box 2113, Call.
GIRL for general housework; small family.
504 M: Devisadero st., near Fell.
GIRL for waiting on table. „ 108 Hayes st.
AN apprentice for dressmaking. 2221 Pine st.
NEAT, smart girl for light housework. 2777
Twenty-fourth st.
REFINED German girl for grown children and
sewing. Hotel Granada, room 64.
GIRL to assist with upstairs work and take
care of child; wages $10. 1718 O'Farrell st.
GIRL to assist with light housework and baby;
$10. 812 Ellis et.
GIRL waitress wanted at 136 Second st
NEAT German or Swedish girl for downstairs
work; must be good cook; $25. 1180 O'Farrell.
WANTED— girl to assist with baby. Call
after 9, 2243 Geary st.
YOUNG woman for housework. Call before 12
o'clock: wag is $10. 306 Sutter St., upstairs, f
YOUNG girl, 14 to 16, as apprentice in ladies'
iring; paid from the start. 944 Geary st.
GOOD working housekeeper to go Into the
country. See party 416 Pine st.
ELDERLY lady. Scandinavian or German, to
cook for 4 or 5 men. 500 Halght St.
REAL good cook; young woman; $7 week; no
wash. DR.. 25 Third st.
WANTED— Good finisher on pants. 22Vt Geary
St., room 23.
WANTED for general housework. Apply
. KM California St.
SMALL girl for light housework; Bleep home..
1924 Howard st
COOK wanted. MM Howard St.; restaurant
near car house.
WANTED— GirI for upstairs work and sewing.
Apply in the afternoon. 2528 Pine st.
OPERATORS on custom coats and first-class
finis!:. ■ on pants. 541 Market st.
WANTED— girl to assist with housework
and baby. 1223 Buchanan st.
WANTED— Several ladies at once ■ who desire
home employment. 472V4 Thlrtenth st.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD., Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED runners wanted; apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO.,
LTD., Brannan st., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRLS'. GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32H Fremont st,
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED A lady of refinement to a«nist In
light housework; good home and fair pay for
the right party. Call after 12 noon 116 Taylor.
WANTED— Apprentice on dressmaking; also
young girl. 1507 Devisadero st.
NEAT, tidy girl, 14 to IC, to assist light house-
work; Alameda. Box 2104, Call office.
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced tailoress on
custom coats. 1814 Market st.
GERMAN girl to assist in general housework.
145 Eleventh St., near Howard; call ttt." 9
and 12 a. m.
NEAT girl light housework; 2 In family:
_jvages^sB^to $9. 716 Franklin st.
WANTED Girl for general housework; $15.
. 2912 Clay st.
WAITRESS wanted-681 Clay Bt., People's Res-
taurant.
FIRST- CLASS finisher on coats; steady work.
Call to-day 854 Geary st.
GOOD woman to do plain cooking In country,
$20. Apply 339 12th. near Harrison.
GIRLS to sew on buttons. 36V4 Fremont st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at.
HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Sixty men, women, boys and girls
to pick hops at Guerneville; special railroad
rates; free camp sites on Guernewood Park;
free wood, tree water and free ten' .?1
per 100 for picking. Apply room 20, 2d floor
Mills building, S. F. ■
ACTIVE man, willing to devote 9 hours per
day to light, genteel work, can make $16 per
week with chance of Increase; must have
$100 cash. 1032 Market St.. room 4.
WANTED— First-class tin and sheet iron
workers and plumbers; bring tools. TAY-
LOR, ADAMS & PRITCHARD, 12 and 14
Market St.
BOY to work In candy store: 15 years old; well
recommended. 812 Valencia Bt.
COMPOSITOR wanted; Wasp, 613 Market Bt.
Apply ihbj morning,
HELP WANTED—
SOLDIERS wanting work on the railroad as la-
I borers, teamsters or tunnelmen, at wages of
$1 75 to $2 75 a day, can secure It from us
free of any expense to the work. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
FREE FARE AND FEE ....FREE
For railroad laborers, teamsters and tunnel-
men, wages $1 75 to $2 75, for the Coast Rall-
road. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
30 TEAMSTERS, $2 a day, board $4 50; 8 men
to timber a tunnel, $2 a day; 10 laborers, $1 75
a day '. Free Fare
For the Valley road. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
BAND sawyer. $3 a day; carriage-maker, $3 a
day; timer, $15 a week, blacksmith, city, *2 75
a day; 6 young men to work in a box factory,
no experience, $1 a day; 3 winery hands, $1 25
a day and board; 4 almond pickers, $1 a day
and board; 2 section hands, $170; young man
to learn laundry business; $1 a day; young
Scandinavian to drive a delivery wagon, $20
and found; 2 field hands, $150 and found; 6
lumber pliers, $30 and found; 6 laborers to
build a railroad In the woods, $30 and found.
I C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 101 Geary st.
BROILER. if.-': second cook, country hotel. $50;
second cook, family hotel, $40; cook and wife,
country hotel, $75; camp cook, $50; baker and
pastry cook, country hotel, $45; oysterman, $S
a week and found; vegetable cook, $35.
Steward, $50; waiter, $10; waiter, $30;
waiter, $25.
Dishwasher $25, kitchen hand $25, both for
a country hotel, free fare; night dishwasher,
$6 a week: night pot washer. $6 a week;
! kitchen hand, country hotel, $25.
! First-class barkeeper, hotel. *40 and found.
C. R. TIANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
3 machinists. $3 day.. engineer, $60 and found
9 blacksmiths, horefs.hoers, $3 day, $50, $40,
$30 and found •••••;
2 wood turners, $2 75 mill bench hand, $2 .0
Upholsterer, $2 60 band sawder. $2 75
Painter, carriage, $10 and found; *ash and
door maker
Setter, sawmill, $05 and found; cooper for
. winery; hither for sawmill, company; slate
splitters, cabinetmakers. MURRAY &
/ READY, 634 and CM Clay St.
FRUIT PICKERS, $30 & .GRAPE PICKERS
518 men and boys (no experience required);
this Is a great year for fruit, grape and hop
picking; It's beautiful to so into these vine-
yards, orchards and hop yards; truly, they
are gardens of paradise.
REMEMBER
You can have a nice vacation and about 90
days' work. We are sending about 255 dally
to all parts of California. After your day's
work Is over or on Sundays you can go swim-
ming, booting, dancing, play foot and base
ball and other games, or go to churches near
by. You are paid $30 per month, with good
I board, lodging etc. Office fee only $1
! Railroad rare from $1 COME AND SEE
US. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TO FARM, DAIRIES
HAY and HARVEST FIELDS
30 harvest and hay hands for all kinds of
work, $2 50, $2, $150, $125 day ••
43 steady farm jobs to-day
$35. $30, $26 and found
16 milkers $25 and $30 and found
CHOREMEN AND BOYS
29 choremen and boys for farms, stores, fao-
tories, learn trades, in stables, bakeries,
chicken, farms, cash and elevator and bell
buys, manufacturing companies, etc., $30, $20,
$25. $20, $15, $10 and found '..
MURRAY &■ READY, 634-636 Clay st.
HOP PICKING, $1 10 per 100; beautiful Sono-
! ma Co. ; men, women, children and families,
' $1 10 per 100 pounds. MURRAY & READY.
G34 nn.l C3G Clay Bt.
FREE FREE FREE
To every railroad in California but one (the
one we don't ship to Is Coast Railroad); drill-
ers, laborers, teamsters, hammersmen, section
hands, sviikers, stone and concrete masons,
etc., S3 50 day; board and lodging $4 50 week.
M RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
". :' TO THE MINES
j 12 good miners, single hands $60
; 35 lahorers for mines (no experience). $34 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
FARE PAID TO
BEAUTIFUL SANTA CLARA CO.
16 laborers for a manufacturing company, $25
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
FARE PAID. ...CARPENTERS. ...B hours, $3
day and found; 5 carpenters, city job. $2 50
day. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
TO SAWMILLS.... WE PAY YOUR FARES
155 men mo experience required), $26 to $10
and found; 50 different classes of work. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
NEW WORK— FARE
25 drillers and hammersmen, $2 75 and $3 day
25 laborers, same Job, $60
MURRAY .';• READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
$3 30 DAY— HAY BALERS... .woodchoppers, tie
makers by the hundreds: tools and food
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
QUARRY WORK
5 stone and concrete masons $3 60 day
25 laborers 'no experience) $48 and found
12 laborers (no experience '. $60
MURRAY * READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
MARRIED 3 cooks and wivee
Bartender and wife; milker and wife; gard-
ener and wife; $40, $35 and found. MURRAY
6 READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
"...MANUFACTURING COMPANY. CITY
23 laborers (no experience required), $36 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
~ LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS
25 teamsters, city Jobs.. s4o and $26 and found
53 laborers, some board home, city
$2, $175 day
23 four-horse teamsters, fare $1 $00
56 laborers, fare 50c (no experience) $60
196 laborers and teamsters for all parts Of
California; wages from $3. $2 50, $2 and $1 75
day. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
3 DECK HANDS 6 STABLEMEN
2 can washers 2 sheepherders
3 drivers for milk, bakery and delivery
wagons, $45, $40, $35, $30, $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
39 cooks $50, $45, $40, $35, $30, $25 and found
36 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
fi7 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
19 porters, bell and elevator boys
$30, $25. $20, $15 and found
4 cooks and wives or men together
.". $40 and $50 and found
Pantrymen, Janitors, second, third and fourth
cooks; above places are In hotels, boarding-
houses, mines, camps, ranches, saloons, res-
taurants, institutions, cafes, etc. MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay st.
BAKERS BUTCHERS LAUNDRY
3 first, 7 second, 5 third, 3 fourth hands and
boys to learn bakery trades. $40. $35, $30, $25,
$20, $15 and found
2 butchers, country Jobs $30 and found
9 laundrymen $35, $30, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
..................... WANTED ..... .T7.
Farmer and wife on farm, near city, no ob-
jection to 1 child. $:'.■■) per month and found; 6
laborers for brick yard, near city
$30 and found
Cook and wife to run boarding-house, near
city '
Farm hands Milkers i. Cooks
Young man about private place, near city, $20
per month and found; waiter for restaurant
in city. $30; dishwasher and 100 others. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton St.— Broiler, $65:
second cook, $45; plain cook, $30; dishwash-
ers, $15 to $30; bell and elevator boys, $15;
laborers, $1 a day and found, etc.
STEWARD, $50; waiter. $25; ' country hotels;
German cook, $40, city hotel. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery st.
TO Tailors' Salesmen— Salesman wanted; must
lie acquainted .with the business. Apply be-
tween '.' and 11 to CHARLES LYONS, London
Tailor, 721 Market St.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-street entrance,
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Mar-
ket 'st»
WANTED— Concrete men and laborers to work
on California Powder Works reservoir at
Pinole, Cal.; laborers' wages $2 per day;
board $4 50 per week; no discount; cash paid
on all time checks. Apply to E. M. CARR,
Pinole. Cal. ,
GOOD barber wanted, country: wages $14;
steady job. Apppiy H. BERNARD, .104 Sev-
enth st. ■
WANTED— An Al dry-goods wrapper; state
age, experience, reference and salary. Apply
box 2241, Call office. •
BUS HELM AN— 7 IS Market st. S. N. WOOD &
CO.; apply at 7:30 a. m.
OPERATORS on custom coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
DRIVER, $30 per month and found. Apply
2318 Mission st.
BARBER wanted, at 532 Third street.
WANTED— A lather at 721 Green st. Call with
tools.
GOOD tailor; steady work. At 428 Ninth St.,
Oakland.
WANTED— Hostler; city references. 2617 Mis-
sion st.
PHOTO engraver wanted. Apply California
Photo Engraving Company, 513 Market st.
TINSMITH wanted. 550 Mission street.
• SHOEMAKER wanted. 41 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted. 402 Brnnnan et.
BARBER wanted; steady one for evenings,
Saturday and Sunday. 108 Fourth Bt.
MAN for nursery work and Job gardening. 500
Halght st.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila, Alaska, New York.
V W. LANE, Shipping. Agent, 694-508 Paris sU .
HELP WANTED
WANTED— Carriage blacksmith. $4 day; black :
smith for city; farmer and vineyard man *..)
to $30; young man for coal yard, $1 25 to ?1 ou
day; groom. SI 50 day; milker for Sonoma
County, $25; machinist $2 50 to $3 day, and
many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
Sacramento St. V
WANTED— French or Italian cook, $55: 3 cooks
and wives, $56, $60 and $65; 3 hotel cooks,
$30, $40 and $45; restaurant cooks; oyster man,
$35 and board; restaurant waiters, $35 and $40;
dishwashers, omnibus, porters and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTEL— mill and woods men for Oregon.
$1 75 to $3 day; laborers for mill yard, $30 and
board; tallyman, $30 and found; coal miner;
quartz miners, laborers and teamsters, $1 75
to $2 day; 20 hop pickers, *1 10 per 100; 30 fruit
pickers. $1 day and board. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
BARBER wanted steady. 797 Mission st.
WANTED— A man to do chores around the
house. 39 Turk st.
WAITER wanted. 629 Davis street.
WANTED— Strong boy, 18 years; not afraid to
work. 724' i: Market St.. room 27.
WANTED— A vegetable man at 907 Kearny st.
WANTED— Doy lv ii-arn trade. Trunk
Factory, Sevententh and Folsom sts.
COOK wanted. Apply at restaurant, 121 Fifth
street.
BAKER wanted at 923 Folsom street.
ERRAND boy In tailor shop; $2 week. 330
Kearny st., room 11.
COOK wanted, restaurant. 1416 Howard St.,
near carhouse.
COOK, Bohemian restaurant; wages $9 a week.
312 Montgomery aye.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 3232 Mission street.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted for country;
also ladies' tailor. Apply P. GREENBERG
& CO., Flood building.
BOYS about 16 years old wanted. Apply at
Rope Works, Potrero.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1205 Fillmore St., bar-
ber shop.
JEWELERS— Bush st., room 4, third floor.
WANTED— good men. Apply at 22 Post
St.. from 7:30 a. m. to 8:30 a. m.
BARBERS— Paying shop for sale; cheap rent;]
part cash. 203 Montgomery aye.
BARBERS- $100; hotel shop and laundry. Ad-
dress box 2239, Call Office. I
WANTED — Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board, $4 58 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
OFFICE boy 14 to 16, wholesale house; $3 per
week. Box 2438, Call.
HIGHEST price paid for cast-off shoes, cloth-
Ing and tools. S. BERKOWIT2. 534 Pacific.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up: sole- |
Ing, 20c to 2Sc; heeling, ISc up. 923 Howard at
TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, ISS'/i Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., a." or-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
51N1...1: rooms, 15c, We, 25c n»r night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863^ Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market •=:.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- |
lencia fit. ,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly j
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
MULES— One car large and one car small
mules for sale; also pasturace for ,1000 head |
of stock the year round; a special field of
alfalfa, Egyptian corn and other kinds of
feed to fatten 600 head of cattle by Jan. 1,
1900. J. M. CANTY. Grayson, Cal.
40 HORS"S for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HOLSTEIN cow and calf for sale* Apply Four-
teenth aye. and R. St., South San Francisco.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL, Veterinary Dentist, 605 Golden Gate ay.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
R^7^VIN^TOnTiO26 MARKET STREET,
— RELIABLE BROKER
14 rooms; cor.; central; snap...: $sr>' 1
28 rooms; cheap rent; only 800
32 rooms, corner; part cash 1200
41 rooms; Powell st. ; elegant house 3200
$800 — SNAP; 45 rooms; fine location; all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$300— BARGAIN ; 24 rooms; all rented; near
Market st. : rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
$450—20 ROOMS; finely f urn. ; north of Market;
all rented; rent $50 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
HOUSES TO LET.
GEARY, 639, rear— Sunny: all renovated; 4
rooms and bath: $12 with water.
HOUSE, 6 rooms; yard; $10 per nth. Apply
JOHN I. GRAHAM, 431 Precita aye.
HYDE, 711, near — 2-story bay-window
house; 11 rooms: mod. Imp.; reasonable.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$11— HOUSE of six rooms and bath. 735 Laurel
Hve.. near Turk and Buchanan sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 3096 Va-
lencla st.
HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital, 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment, $15 a week.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— setter dog: black spots over
eyes resembling spectacles; liberal reward
for Information or return. Write Doctor,
Hospital, Presidio.
LOST, Tuesday noon, vicinity of Palace Hotel,
gold watch; monogram "M. L. H." Reward
if returned to ."M Nineteenth st.
LOST— Lady's purse while getting on Market-
st. car. containing money and valuables. Re-
turn 3519 Nineteenth St.; reward.
BLACK newspaper cart and harness; stolen
from Third and Market sts. Return to 219
Capp st.; no questions asked and receive
reward.
LOST— A feather boa on Polk St.. bet. Pine and
California. Reward if returned to 033 Golden
Gate aye.
LOST— From 1200 block on California st. to Sac-
ramento and Leavenworth sts.; valuable"
chain bracelet. Finder will receive rev.;,: by
returning to MADISON & HURKE. 626 Mar-
ket st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MEDICAL.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 7C4-766 Clay St., San
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
&d vice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to- 3
and 7 to 9 d. m.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor: hours, 9 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladies' physician; consul-
tation free. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladies' physician. 510
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladies' physician. 122S
Market St., between Taylor and Jones.
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
87 years. 318 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, ladies' physician; medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS ALLEN, ladies' physician, 223 Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all -dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason St.
CHEAPEST and, best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages. Bent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
poEtasa paid, .' V '". ":.,.-- ~~'\\l ,
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Me
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremoi
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, courT
ten? ' linoleum, office furniture, store and on-
ce' furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOON-AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 aflil
Elon St.. above Sixth. _
BVRS counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors
bouß'ht. sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission £
S V.FES New and second for banks, merchants
"steamers, residences; portable safety boxes'
b, .','•.. chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. Thi
WaKz Safe Co.. 103-111 Market st.. S. F.^ff
SORREL mare nd bay colt cheap; for baggy
755 Mission, in hat store.
NICELY mounted carabao head from Manila
for sale. Wyoming Camp, Presidio.
SINGER sewing machine, nearly new. C 3 Moss
st.. upstairs, off Folsom. near Seventh.
ST BERNARD dog. 14 months old; $25. Apply
. 767 Mission st. | ___
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, v ana
24 in.; gas eng. 2<l hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
1 GASOLINE engine; 15 H. P.; complete an.}
first-class shape. WHITE. 516 Mission s-t.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suits, $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
SECOND-HAND billiard table; in good order;
complete. 835 Fola an St.. 'A M. BATEMAN.
IRISH setters; pedigree show and working
stock. Glenmore Kennels, 2641 Linden, Oakl 1.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all druj!
gists or at th Dog Hospital.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
DESKS. office and card tables; desks c change!,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand: also wins
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co. .Stevenson Ft.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— of five or six housekeep-
ing rooms; must be cheap; San Francisco or
Oakland. Address box SB7, Call ice. Oakland.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and sliver
bought. H. Landecker & Co., 118 Montgomery.
WANTED— To hire, 100 flrst-clasa Bcraperteama
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. E!mh'.:r:-t. .
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
ay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
tire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Don. hoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6H per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 845 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell St.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. . MURPHY, 630 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are th»
game as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and son good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 "per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
25, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. -
A FINE Arlon piano will be Bold this morn-
ing to the first party bidding over the $80
limit. Room 21, Flood building. __^
FINE upright piano, very little used, at a bis
bargain. 74 Ninth st.
W. G. IiADGER, 411 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market St.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market Et.
A DECKER & SON, the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style. MAUVAIS'. 7G9 Market.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITA 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
A— sSs UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister Bt.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
Post st.
WANTED— Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. SOS Post St.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. 80 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
OFFICES AM) STORES TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.— 414
Kearny; $75, 116 Mission; $75, 337 Geary; *35,
SE. corner Howard and Tenth.
$14— STORE, southwest corner Ellis and Scott
sts. ; store, three rooms and bath.
EMMA FPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
\- plrabli offices. $12 50 to ?20.
PALMISTRY.
MME NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones; classes;
office hour?. 1 to 8 p. m. reading by my >i.
PERSONALS.
EGYPTIAN Enamel, cosmetic, .makes faces
beautiful ; 50c. Mrs. Cutler, r. _350. Phelan bldg.
LEDERER'S QUINTI> is just the Hair
Tonic you are looking for; just what you
need; 35c bot. ' G. LKDERCR. 123 Stockton.
LEDERER'S ti I hair dressers will show
you the new imported styles, Lederer •
Foamo Shampoo is the best yet; nothing so
good? scpkg:|a j LEDEUER. 123 Stockton rt.
HOTEL Santa S Cruz, Santa Cruz, -First-
class fa illy and commercial hotel. This
ho«.»l Is located on corner of Locust and Vina
L' r= , 1 block from Court House; rates $1 toW
per day: special rate to. families. .
MARY- got my hands cape at the East-
ern Outfit) Co.. 1305 Stockton . nr. Broad-
way. There you can get most anything in that
line on easy payments: open evenings.
A ORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
rints for suits to order, $10 75; pants, 3 75;
nothinß hiKhe- One-Price Tailoring- Co.. 1644
MJrket ■■.:.:■ Hotel. ,
MME LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to Iq'-' Eddy st.
RI'PTI'RE piles cured: examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & I'orterfleld. S3S Market st.
JOHN~~L BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty
Kan Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— HPIES' tailor-made suits to' order at
w 1 -sale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
SCHOOL children and Mexican sombrero look
nice together. Mexican Art, lit Stockton st.
GOOD tal.or-made suits at reasonable prices
by F. SCHOETTLER. 329 Knarny St.
JAMES A. -SORENSON. watchmaker and jew-
eler, removed to 103 Bixth st., near Mission.
RUPTURE* stricture curod: no knife; no lnjec-
t:on: guarairtd^Dr. Gor;lin.sl4 Pine, nb.Krny.
A— Ladies' or gents' clrthing. furniture bought,
sold; tcl. Mint 937. JACOBS. IKB Folsom st!
SUITS*" 3?S?t5 on easy installments. L.
LEMOfc. 1117 Mar'-* st.. bet. 7th and Sth
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. o Nolti»'
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason:
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pat in wrapper, for mailing, tp . year ;
PHYSICIANS AMD mu..i;u\s.
DR. OLIVE GRUVER. free treatment daily 10
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market St.. room 6.'
D 5;,,S- ,9- O'DONNELL. office and residence"
102i^ Market Bt ;; bet. Sixth and Seventh,REAL ESTATE — — FOR SALE. i
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
Banks pay 3 1-3 per cent Interest. Real estate
4 times A3 much.
INVESTMENTS.
PAYS *'• PER CENT PER ANNUM.
fW.OOO-^-Carti (10,000; rent 1290 per month; large <
Western Addition oorner, well Improved
and In Al condition. . - .
PAYS 16 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$5,500— « good flats, In Al condition; near Fol-
■aa and cth.
PAYS 12 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
13,000 — I good ho:. of 6 rooms e:ic'n. in Al
I condition; rents J32 per month; near
Howard and 6th.
PAYS 14 rr-\ CENT PER ANNUM.
$3,000—3 tenements, near ath and Fciscm.
PAYS 12 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$i.GOO— 2 house?, near 3d and Harrison.
PAYS 13 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$2,300—4 flats, near 3d nr.d ..an-.a.
PAYS 16 PER CENT rER ANNUM.
$3,000— 4 flats, near Clay a:id Mason.
PAYS 15 PER CENT I'ER ANNUM.
$10.000— flats arvl one dwelling; cood condi-
tion; alwajs rented; ins I frontages.
FLATS.
$3,750—2 new fiats of S and 4 ms, un Shot-
wel! ft.; :n cood condition; large lot.
3fx122:6; part can bs turther improved:
' must be sold Immediately.
$3,000 — flats of •) ar.d 5 rooms mid bath; rents
I»; on loth st. ; *WOO cash; one block
from Market bt.
$3,«W— 3 fla(;=. 4 and 3 rooms, stable; rent $30;
near X^-e and 15th.
COTTAGES AND RESIDENCES.
»*>• SEEKERS—
300 cash; balance .. per month; no taxes;
no Interest; no Insurance; modern home
In course of construction: 5 rooms an.l
bath and high basement; dume cci!- j
ings; tile mantels; porcelain tubs; fine I
view; close to tar lines.
$2.soo House of i rooms and bath: mod In
all details. Mission warm belt.
LOTS.
11,830— Sullivan St., near Star. . 25x137:6.
$I,s6')— Stanyan st., near Affiliated Colleges;
25x10-7 :«.
$2.t5O — Fulton st., near Lyon: 25x100.
$2,000— Haight, near Brc-ierick; L 37:6.
$I,loo— Turk, rear Lyon it.; 25x137:6.
We hold our resrular auction sales
every two weeks. For further par-
ticulars erply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market street.
A FEW CHARMERS.
In the Examiner building.
$175. 000— Market St.; 7 years' len?»; rents $10,-
-000 per annum net: grand Improvements.
$145.000— 6-story stone, brick and Iron build- i
ing; rents $10. per annum: guaranteed lt-as<e:
> years' lease.
$110,000— r.ew pressed brick; 5 years'
guaranteed lease; rents $7000.
$52,000 — (-story brick; vicinity of Tivoli; pays '
5 per cent net: always rented.
$25,000— Grand investment block from Stockton '
and Market; lot 33x137; old improvements; pays :
6 per cent net. [
$25,000— O'Farrell St.; a big snap: lot "2x137:«: I
with g'->.V. Improvements of stores. *K\ ; rents!
almost $200 a month: not far from Mason St.;
mutt sell.
$12,f00 — A grand • -rain; only half block
from Taylor and Market sts. ; rents $100 a
month: lot 50 feet front.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st.
CHOICE PARK LOTS
ON EASY TERMS.
THE BLOCK
Facing Golden Gate 'ark on H St.. between
Eighteenth and N!n->t«er.th ayes., hai= just i
been placed on Fale In : subdivisions. Already ]
a number of lots have been soli. Have you j
»een this block? Fifty of the best !ots. every |
one <-<n srade « irh street.", whtc'i are officially |
graded and macadamized. Plank sidewalks |
and water mains laid all ready tor building, i
Prices ranging from K>oo upward. Your own
terms. Interest on deferred payments only 8 .
p^r cent. As these lots face the park and the j
new Ninet«H?nth avenue boulevard' they will
surely increase in value. Near the new music !
stand and all principal park attractions. Elec-
tric cars pass the property. Take Ellis or i
Haight street cars. If you are wise you will :
*oe them at pnee and secure your choice.
Branch office, corner H st. an.l Ninth aye.
Open lily, Sundays included.
BALDWIN ,<- HOWELL.
lit Montgomery it
$7SSO— CHOICEST corner of all; marine and :
park view, front r.nd rear; cannot be obJtruct- j
eri- 10 large sunny rooms: most expensively i
decorated; inlaid floor, mahrpany, cherry and .
oak mantels; plate-glass windows; very costly
6-llght gas fixtures: French runs?, heaters,
conservatory, etc. Apply corner Fulton and
Shra.'.er sts.. from 12 to 4 p. m.; McAllister
or Hayes ft. cars; terms to suit^
$S3ofl—coi'L t > not fc * duplicated for lesa than
$60(0 ■ now up-to-date park rerldT.-e; r>nly 1
l»ft out Of 3: 9 sunny r->oms; 4 extra fir? -man- j
tel? .-ak door* an-) staircase: incandescent
electric lighting; marble steps; lari lot. etc.
171 Carl St.. near Stanyan: El!:s-st. cars
within 1 block; Ferries. Park an.l Ocean cars i
pa fs the 'i-v-.r: owner on premises.
NEW HOMES
Five, 6. 7. 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller. Pierce and Primrose sts.. from $3100
to $43 f> 0- terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
BON. Builder.
6 ELEGANT flats: ?E. cor. Sent and Sacra-
mento -•. 52x81 S: all rented. J. H. CARSE.
11 Montgomery st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on W J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery at.
REAL ESTATE COLXTRV — For Sale
$2C.C«)O— VINEYARD; close to Napa City; 90
acres with winery and all improvement- this
would make one of the best resorts in Cali-
fornia. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. '" Market.
OIL land— Kern County belt: 32) acres; U. S.
patent: a bargain for quick cash sale. Box
2106, Call office. ;
FOR SALE— 6OO acres dairying or grazing land
In the southern part of Kumboldt County,
Cal.: never-falling crops; plenty of wood and
water: best of climate. MARTIN R. JA-
GER. 110 Taylor St.. S. F.
HOTEL property across the bay; lot 73x150; 33 j
runny rooms: half block from depot: fine |
grounds; good business year round. SCHOTT-
LER. * CO.. 632 Market st. j
FOR sale or exchange for Alam<>da Co. prop-
erty— lo-acre ranch: house, outbuildings and ;
bearing orchard. 123 Prospect place, S. F.
$3C0 — 165 acres. Sonoma County: »mall house;
plenty wood and water. Apply 125 Fifth st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, fcr $1 per year.
~~~ RESTAURANTS. j
WE3TERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 1025 Market st. : popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
subscriptions has been established at 103€ Va- j
lencia st ■ j
EDDY. 915—2 or 4 fine sunny unfurnished
rocms; all conveniences; private residence, j
references. ■
EPDY, Nicely furnished connecting house- j
keeping rail.; splendid location; private res. j
FIFTH. 80S (new corner house— Suite connect- j
Ing rms.; handsomely furn. ; complete hskpg. j
FIFTH, 853— 2 furnished housekeeping. $12: also |
one $5 to $7; store with housekpg and fixtures. ;
FULTON, 218, cor. Van Ness -Neatly furnished |
flat, ! rms., gas range, bath; also others.
GEARY. 1317—4 nice unfurnished rooms; bath; j
toilet; gas; yard; basement; furnished hall.
GIRARD House, 192 Seventh— l lnrge sunny un- j
furnished room; furnishe<i^ > j
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 3Sl— 2 nicely furnished j
rooms for light housekeeping; bath; private i
family; $12- !
GOLDEN GATE AYE.. 64;)- Sunr.y corner suite
with kitchen; also two connecting rooms.
IVANHOE. 1002 Polk. cor. Geary— Light, clean. ]
sunny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up:ref.
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
* kitchen, folding bed, closet; rent $12.
MISSION, 1729H, near Thirteenth— l sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms in private family;
bath, laundry; JIS. !
O'FARRELL. 125 corner Powell— front
room. $5. Apply at 15 Grant aye. I
O'FARREIX 750— Sunny parlor;* folding bed.
etc.: also kitchen and laundry; everything
complete; side entrance; also 2 furnished sin- j
gl« rooms. _ ;
PINE. 1300 Sunr.y unfurnished basement; ]
range: running water: yard; $10. ■ j
POLK. 522— Furnished and unfurnished house- |
keeping rooms: rent cheap. :
BUTTER. 1111. nr. Larkln— Comfortably furn. |
efngle suites; also hakpg. : terms reasonable. ;
THE Piedmont— ll9A Sixth— Furnished rooms |
for housekeeping; also other rooms- ;
THIRD. 316— FurnlFhed -.Ting; $160 to !
$1 50; transient solicited. .
TURK. 646— Sunny bedroom and kitchen on par- !
lor floor; running water; $14 per month. ,
TWELFTH. 12, near Market— 2 or 3 rooms for i
hpu»ekeeping: furnished or unfurnished; $8. (
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Inforn.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk-
Qulet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor »ts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. SOc to $1 60 day. MRS. J. KING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10*5 Va-
lencia st.
AT New Grand 246 3d— 200 lst-> 'ass sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
A.— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14" Sixth — Rooms,
26c to $1 per night; $! 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1394)—
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well turn, rm?. & offices.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms, from '1 50 a week up.
EDDY. 21S— Furnished rooms, jingle and en
suite; also fur housekeeping;: bath; gas.
EDDY. 313— Nicely furnished rooms; suite or
single.
FOURTH. 222% (Palm House}— First-class sun-
ny bay-window rooms; also fingle. ?1 "5 up.
GEARY. 14A— Nicely furnished suite cf rooms;
also single rooms from SI up.
GEARY. 405 »The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; traveler* accommodated. MRS.HYCR.
GEARY. :V«— Sunny front and back parlor;
Piano; phor.e; other rooms; light housekpg.
GEARY, 195, cor. Jones— Sunny cor. room: also
sunny suite, well furnished; gas, bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission its.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator.
GREEN. 417— Nice larg* front furnished room;
rent $6.
HANCOCK House. TSI Mission— family
rooming house; $1 SO to $6 i>er waek.
HOWARD. 704. corner Third— Nico largo sur.-
ny rooms. Ist floor also housekeeping rms.
HOWARD, 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished: every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD 52?— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; a!? ) housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD. 1144— Nice sunny suites; running
water: reasonable: permanent patrons desired.
HOWARP. llSo«i— Furnished sunny bay-win-
dow suite: other rooms; light housekeeping.
HYPE. SCO— Large furnished room to let; rea-
sonal
LARKIN, 3t5—2 or 3 ?unny housekeeping apart-
ments; furnished complete; gas range; bath.
MARKET. 1035. and 33 Fifth— New manage-
ment; fine sunny suites and single rooms.
MARKET. 10ST 1 -— Th* worth; clean and re-
spectable: prices low.
MARKET. 1724. near Polk— Sunny bay front
room; gentlemen; $12; gas, bath.
MINNA, 2ZZ— Double and single sunny rooms,
also houpokpe;iing.
MINNA. €67, cor.Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window rcom. $1 per week: transient.
MONTGOMERY a vi".. 1010 — Newly furnished
sunny front rooms, with bath; i'< to $10 per
mont
NATOMA. 2«2. near Fourth— 2 front unfurnish-
ed rootr.?: water and closet; rent i 1
NATOMA. 443 I.—Sunny1 .— Sunny front room; furnished;
rent $4 per month..
•NEWPORT,'' 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win, rir.s. an.] single. $5 up; also hskpg.
NICELY furnished sunny room, suitable for 2
gentlemen; reasonable. Address 709 Polk st.,
near Eddy.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lielUs; flay, wk.. mo.
O* FA RRELL, Newly furnished sunny
suites; also single: transient solicited.
POLK. 1012— Sunny alcove room, $10; other
room. !7.
POWELL. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club) -Ele-
gantly furnished sunny room.*: reasonable.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— Incandascent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor: rooms, per night. 33c to $1 SO:
week, $2 to $?: month, $S to $30: elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths.
SEVENTH. 262— Nice sunny moms; detached
hou?e; all modern conveniences.
SIXTH, 405 — suite of housekeeping rooms, with
pas and bath: $12 per month.
SEVENTH, 882 Nicely furnished rooms: sun-
ny all day: nice lawn; modern conveniences;
' reasonable.
TAYLOR, 24>— Room with 2 beds for 2 or 3
grentlemen; rent reasonable; also single room.
SHERMAN Apartment Hcuse. 28 Eighth St..
near Market — 'urnishe.;. and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 33, nr. Market. Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms: elevator; transient.
THE Heath. 312 Eddy st.— First-class rooms
and board: hot and cold water; telephone;
modern; all conveniences.
UNION Square House. 212 — Modem
rooms: by day. week or month: central.
UNION. 1213—1 furnished front room; rent $4
per month.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 413 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5510.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
~ TO LEASE.
WANTED— To lease modern residence; not less
than 15 rooms; unfurnished; with garden or
large yard preferred: best reference given.
Address A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7, I and 9 rooms and bath each; first-class
neighborhood; near school and stations; street
work all complete: from $3000 to $1000; only
$300 ca«h and $25 and $30 per month: great bar-
gains; cheap lots for cash and houses to let
in all parts of Alameda.
$2200— 60x150; 5200 cash and $20 per month;
fine nearly new cottage; In a good neighbor-
hood: near High School and station.
J2SCO— Lot 35x115, with elegant residence of S
rooms; in fine condition; macadamized street;
near station and school: great bargain; worth
$3500; any terms: same as rent.
$2fiOO— Lot 41x207:6: fine, new, modern 6-room
cottage; n°ar High School and station; $500
cash and $23 per month.
$1000— Lot 25x125; cottage of 5 rooms: street
work complete; near station: easy terms.
$1600— Lot 33:4x1«5; with a fine modern cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; nice garden; street work
all done; near station and school; $100 cash,
balance $20 per month.
$2830— 5500 cash, balance $25 per month; lot
40x160. with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath; -between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton st.
$3250— $500 cash. $.23 per month; less than
rent: lot 40x150: elegant new 2-story. 8 rooms
and bath; on Morton st., near Morton-st. sta-
tion: best bargain in Alameda: elegant real-
deuces on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye.
at a bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL <* CO.,
1432 Park St., Alameda.
ABOUT finished, modern 8-room hou?e. choic-
est location; also modern cottage. 6 rtjoms;
lots EOxl&O; easy terms. Apply 1511 Mozart
Ft.. Mastlck station. Alameda.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
FURNISHED rooms, double or single; hot and
cold water shower baths; steam heat; tele-
phone near station; breakfast if desired;
every home comfort. 2101 Central aye.
AMEDA ROOMS A\D HOARD.
HOME for ladies in deltcate health: large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ro ten am ESTATE.
THIRTY ACRES FOR SALE.
Right In the heart of beautiful Berkeley,
Just fit to cut up. near the university and
railroad: fine view. Apply to JOSEPH J.
MASON, Postofflce block. Berkeley, or to
J. J. MORRIS, 630 Market St.. San Francisco.
CHEAPEST and beet in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada • one year for $1,
postage pal* . "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, "WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER <S. 1899.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNITURE i/OR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 7 (35 cents
per share) of the PAAUHAU SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Monday, September 11, 1599. Transfer
books will close on Tuesday, September 6,
1899, at 8 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for new pattern — Depot
Quartermaster's office, 36 New Montgomery
St.. San Francisco. Cal., September 2. 1899.
Sealed proposals, In triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. m.. j
September 13, 1593, Pacific Standard time, and |
then opened, for furnishing 5000 pairs of new (
pattern boots, conforming to standard and j
specifications, adopted August 23. 1599. Pref- I
. erence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (including in
the price of foreign production and manufac-
ture the duty thereon), and such preference [
will be riven to articles of American pro- j
duction and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or ;
reject any of the proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals !
will be furnished on application. Envelopes I
containing proposals will be endorsed "Pro- j
posals for new pattern Boots," and addressed !
to Captain OSCAR F. LONG. Assistant Quar-
termaster. U. S. Army. Depot Quartermaster. :
U. S. ENGINEER office, Lausrhlin building, |
Los Angeles. Cal.. August 29. IS9S— Sealed '
proposals for continuing construction of Jetty |
at San Diego Harbor. Cal.. will be received
hfre until 11 a. m.. September 29, 1899. and
then publicly opened. Information furnished
on application. JAMES J. METLER. Cap-
tain Engineers.
CHEAPEST and best in- America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1. '
"outage raid.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE to creditors— Estate of HENRY GIB-
SON, deceased. Notice is hereby given by the
undersigned JOHN A. DRINKHOUSE, ad- j
ministrator of the estate of HENRY GIB- 1
SON, deceased, to the creditors of, and all '
persons having claims against the said de- I
ceased, to exhibit them with the necessary
vouchers, within four (4) months after the first |
publication of this notice, to the said JOHN i
A DRINKHOUSE, administrator as afore-
said, at his offices. No. 402 Montgomery
btr?et, in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, the same being his
place for the transaction of the business of
the said estate in the said city and county
of San Francisco. State of California.
JOHN A. DRINKHOUSE, administrator of
the estate of HENRY GIBSON, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, August 30. 1599.
A. RUEF, attorney for administrator, 402
Montgomery street.
NOTICE to creditors— Estate of JOHN J.
RIORDAN. deceased. Notice is hereby given
by the undersigned, EUGENE G. RIORDAN,
as the administrator of the estate of JOHN
J. RIORDAN, deceased, to the tredltora of
and all persons having claims against the
said deceased, to exhibit them with the ne-
cessary vouchers, within four months after
the first publication of this notice, to the
pail administrator at the office of his attor- i
ney. TIMOTHY J. LYONS, rooms 11 and 12. i
Chronicle building, NE. corner Market and !
Kearr.y streets. San Francisco, the same be- ]
ing his place for the transaction of the busi- i
ness of the said estate.
EUGENE G. RIORDAN. as administrator
of the estate of JOHN J. RIORDAN. de-
ceased.
Dated at San Francisco, August 9, 1599.
TIMOTHY J. LYONS. Chronicle building,
attorney for administrator.
WE, JAMES O'BRIEN and MARIA A.
O'BRIEN, hereby certify: That we have this
day formed a co-partnership for the transac-
tion of a general dry goods business In the !
State of California. That the principal place j
of business of said co-partnership is and '
shall be situated in the city and county of ,
San Francisco, State of California. That the
full names of all of the members of such co- ;
partnership and their places of residence are j
as follows:
JAMES O'BRIEN, residing in the city and !
county of San Francisco. State of California, j
and MARIA A. O'BRIEN, residing In said
city and county of San Francisco, State of !
California.
Dated August 11. 1?99.
JAMES O'BRIEN.
MARIA A O'BRIEN.
State of California, City and County of San
Frar.clsco — ss.
On this 11th day of August, In the year
one thousand eight hundred and ninety-
nine, before me. JOHN P. CASHIN, a Notary :
Public in and for the said city and county,
residing therein, duly commissioned and
sworn, personally appeared JAMES O'BRIEN
and MARIA A. O'BRIEN, known to me to
be the persons whose names are subscribed
to the within instrument, and' acknowledged
that they executed the same.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my i
hand and affixed my official seal at my office |
in the city and county of San Francisco, the ;
day and year In this certificate first above I
written. [Seal] JOHN P. CASHIN.
Notary Public, in and for the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Chase Say re and Isabelle Smith 24-21
A. Schiffmann and Eugenic Bordenave 25-19
Emilia A. Ferrea and Clorinda Cuneo 22-18
Clarence S. Howland and Alice E. White.. 3l-23
EdW. C. Rogers and Augusta Wagner 30-25
Charles Mneiil and Katherlne Merklinger.. 26-21
John H. Voss and Charlotte F. Myers 50-18
Joseph V. Collins and Nellie Fitzslmmona.. 32-20 j
James H. Terrell and Catherine Sullivan. ..23-23
Albin A. Hartman and Ida F. Nagel 29-27 j
John H. Wagner and Nellie Littleford 26-28 I
Fred K. Brune and Helene M. Maack 29-23
Andrew Carlson and Lizzie Bowers 51-29
William C. Culbert and Anna brothers 4A-27
Lawrence A. Harley and Lena Boast 32-25
B. W. Bernhard and Charlotte A. Hause.. 24-23 j
Ferdinand Furrer and Marie Kammann — 24-28 |
Abram E. Miller and Letitia V. Alslp 21-21 I
Max Coffin and Fannie Graham 23-22
Willard O. Fassett and Mary Weymouth.. 37-22
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
MACK— In this city, September i, 1899, to the j
wife of Dr. Mack, a. dauehter.
STREET— In this city. September 5, ISJ9, to j
the wife of G. K. Street, a son.
~ DIED.
Baker, Peter Kceley, Julia A.
Blckel, Dare F. Midden, Jerome P.
Canavan, James H. Marx, Catherine E.
Carroll, Mary Merriman, Hannah
Cas=ebolt, , Jonathan Rees. Mary J.
Comyns, James E. S. Schaefer, Dora
Crozier, John Scott, Martha E.
Dougherty. Bryan Seegers, Rena
Fessler. Walter Smith, Colin McR.
Finsterbusch Theresa Strather. Kate B.
Giblin. Thomas Woodward, Arthur 8.
Holcombe, Samuel E. Wright, Lucy A.
BAKER— In Oakland, September 5, 1899. Peter,
beloved husband of Ellen Baker, and father
of David F.. Lillie, Ida and the late George
Baker, a native of Canada, aged 61 years 7
months and 21 days.
BICKEL— In Oakland, Cal., September 4, ISM,
Dare Frink, Infant son of Homer T. and
Abby Frink Bickel, aged 3 months and 11 :
days.
CTThe funeral will take place this dey |
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from their
residence, 1166 Tenth street, Oakland. Friends i
will be welcome at the services.
CANAVAN— In this city, September 5. 1593,
James Henry, beloved son of Bessie and the '
late John Canavan, and brother of the late
Mrs. Abbie Sullivan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 33 years. !
CTFrlends and acquaintances ar£ respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at !):30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, 636V4 Jessie street, I
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CARROLL— In this city, September 4, 1399,
Mary, beloved wife of Patrick Carroll, a na- j
tlve of Balayron, Queens County, Ireland, I
aged 66 years. !
CASECOLT— in this city, September 4, '■•■
Jonathan B , beloved husband of .Mahala
Casebolt, and father of Simon M.. William S.,
Lillian M.. Harry C. Inez and Bertrand Case-
bolt, a native of Wayne County, Indiana,
• aged H years.
COMYNS— In this city, September a, ISW,
James E. S.. beloved son of the late Law-
rence and Margaret Comyns. brother of Sis-
ter Mary Lawrence. Sister Of Mercy, and '
nephew of John and Maurice Comyns, a na- i
tive of San Francisco, agad 29 years 4 months
and 15 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S o'clock, from St. Marys '
Hospital, thence to the Chapel of the Pas- i
sion, attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where ]
a solemn requiem mass will be celebraed for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 8:30 j
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. I
Please omit flowers.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagun & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St., opposite . Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
McAVOY A. CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
1235 Market St.. between S>th and dth.
Telephone South 247.
CROZIER— In this city, September 4. 1539, John
Crozler, a native of County Waterford, Ire-
land, aged 47 years.
(ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of J C O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
6treets.
DOUGHERTY— In this city. September 5, ISM,
Bryan dearly beloved husband of Ellen
Dougherty, and beloved father of Michael,
Edward. Nellie. Agnes and Edith Dougherty,
a native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 60
years. , .
iryFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday) at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 3007' Octavia street, near Lombard,
thence to St Bridget's Church, where a high
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at I o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FESSLER— In this city, September 4. 1?99,
Walter beloved son of Daniel and Delia Fess-
ler and grandchild of Louis and Mary Cuneo,
a native of San Francisco, aged 4 months and
26 days
' (TTFrlendii and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
i (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
I dence, 611 Greenwich street. Interment Holy
! Cross' Cemetery.
FINSTERBUSCH— In this city, September 5,
ISS9 after Ions? and patient sunerlng. The-
resa W., idolized wife of ,lullU3 W. Finster- !
busch beloved mother of Tessie and the late
Edwin and Walter Finsterbusch, eldest and
belov°d daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Ruf-
I ncr and d»arest sister of Joseph and Lillian
Rufner, a native of New York City, aged 31
years 3 months and 11 days. A darling daugh-
ter a loving wife and a devoted mother.
(Brooklyn. N. V., and St. Louis, Mo., papers
! please copy.) ■ ■
r^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery-
-1 GIKLIN — In this city. September 5. 1599,
! Thomas beloved husband of Eunice Giblin.
father of Walter W. and Ethel M. Glblln,
I and son of William and Amanda Glblln. a
native Of Springfield. 111., aged 45 years.
HOLCOMBE— In Redding. Cal.. September 3.
1599 Samuel E. Holcombe, father of Emma
A Walter G., Royal A. and Cecil J. Hol-
combe. a native of New Jersey, aged 69 years.
(Lambertvllle, N. J., and New York papers
please copy.) at Odd Fellows' Cemetery
G^rCreinatton a t OH Fellows' Cemetery
1 this day (Wednesday), at 3 o'clock.
1 KEELEY— In this city, September 5, 1599. Julia
Ann beloved wife of Patrick J. Keeley.
mother Of John T. J. Keeley. sister of Mary
Gleason, and daughter of the late Thomas
Gleas'.n a native of Boston, Mass.
lE?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday). ' at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence. 2307 Larkln street, «hence to St.
Brigld's Church, corner of Van Ness avenue
; and Broadway, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
i soul, commencing- at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MADDEN-In this city. September 5. 1599 at
1"43 Leavenworth street, Jerome P. Madden,
s.>n of First Lieutenant '.John F. Madden,
Fifth I'nlted States Infant*-, and Edith P.
Madden aged 6 months and 25 days. (Atlan-
ta. .'papers please copy.)
Interment private.
MARX— In Lorln. September 5, 1899. Mrs. Cath-
* erine Elisabeth Marx, beloved mother of Mrs.
Anna Elizabeth Simon, a native of Hesse-
Darmstardt. Germany, aged SO years 8 months
and 15 days.
SCOTT— In this city, September 3, 1899, Martha
E., beloved wife of Walter Scott, a native of
Maryland, aged 41 years.
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Bethel M.
E Church. Powell street, between Jackson
arid Pacific. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of the California Un-
dertaking Company, 405 Powell street, near
Post.
SEEOERS— In this city, September 4. 1599.
Rena beloved wife of John F. S^t-trers. and
mother of Evelyn Dorathea Seegers, a na-
tive of Pan Francisco, aged 24 years S months
and 4 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 O'clock, (mm the funeral
parlors of McOinn Bros , .",1 Eddy street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemet
MFRRI.M \N Tn Concord, September 3. UN,
Hannah, beloved wife of Edward M Merri-
man, a native of Pan Francisco, aced 23
years.
REES--In this city, September 4. 1899, Mary
•Josephine, beloved daughter of Mark and
Nellie Re*?, and granddaughter of Henry and
the late Margaret Cornfoot, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 6 months and IS
days.
SCHAEFER— In Benlcia, September 5, IS"W,
Dora, beloved wife of Francis Schaefer, and
mother Of Anna M. Schaefer.
ICT Funeral to-morrow (Thursday) morning.
SMITH— In this city, Colin Mcßea Smith, a
native or' Mississippi, aged 51 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday,), at 2:15 o'clock, from Grace
Church, California and Stockton streets. Cre-
mation at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
STRATHER— In this city, September 4. 1899,
Kate 8., beloved wife of Abraham Strather.
and mother of Charlie, Stella and Robbie
Strather, a native of Missouri, aged 33 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday) at 1:30 o'clock, from the Third
Baptist Church. Powell street, near Bush.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WOODWARD— In Alameda. September 4. 1 99.
Arthur B . beloved husband of Q. E. Wood-
ward, and father of Arthur, Helen. Horace,
Alice and Ruth Woodward, a native of East-
port, Me., aged 51 years and 7 months.
(Eastport, Me., papers please copy.)
(CJTFrien.ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), from his late residence, 1118 Paru
ptreet, under the auspices or Oak Grove
LodEe, F. and A. M Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland.
WRIGHT— In this city, September 4. 1890. Lucy
A. Wright, beloved mother of A. G. and New-
ton Wright and Mrs. M. A. Williams, a na-
tive cf Fall River, Mass.. aged 6S years 10
month* and 3 days. (Fall River, Mass., pa-
pers please copy.)
(ETFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from the parlors of McAv-oy & Co..
1235 Market street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
! ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association—
The regular monthly requiem high mass for
! the deceased members of the above associa-
tion, and for the deceased parents and rela-
tives of the members, will be celebrated in
St. Dominic's Church, Bush and Steiner
streets, to-morrow (Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are Invited to attend.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J J Ickes. Ohio A F Maher, Stockton
E B Partridge, ?tanfrd M T Lawrence, Auburn
J E Smith. Denver R M Richardson & w,
H B Benjamin, Marysv You Bet
M T Lawrence. Auburn W Nlcholla Jr. DutchF
I Mrs W C Hilblsh & c. F Mason, .Sacramento
San Jose M W Stover & w. la
I E Hall. Stanford Bra L Stover, 3 Dak
E E Martin, Magalia Mrs H J Mowrey, S D
<' W M Walsh. Auburn B B Beekman, Or
: M Yeater, S Dakota F N Moore, .Pa
H Wilson, 8 Dakota J F Llttlefield, Sonoma
W G Sharpley, V S A E B Copeland, W Va
C B Simmons. Visalia F A Penniman. S Jose
C G Wllsox, Vlcalla A C Penniman, B Jose
Mrs W G Goodman. Cal C Price. Hanford
R Morse, San Diego W F Gardner, San Jose
jF V Fox, Las Vegas N Gould, Petaluma
\ W Hallow, S Barbara H Jackson, Cal
i W Ikle & w, N V Miss Duncan, Cal
'C E Taylor. Chicago E M Mlxen, L Ang
T1 1 Hambly, Seattle? ; K B Troxel &w, Dur-
C W Curtis & w, Cal ham
i C X Holmburg, Cal F J Brandon, San Jose
I J A Black & w, (a! L R Poundstone. Cal
T H Holllngsworth, II X Wood, Newman
Wyoming H C Somervllle. Chgo
F tiloughton, Tehama C V Perkins, Petaluma
J McCudden, Vallejo T B Bard. Lakeport
Miss McCudden, ValleJoM D Glidler & w, Stkn
iDr O Royal, Portland H S Peabody. Bta Ana
A M Stone. New York 0 B McCarty, Ohio
IJ V Barker, Indiana A J Rlgsby. Texas
H Waltham, Boston
C E Lindsay, L Ang IE T Dere, Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
A D Workman, Manila Mrs D Piper, Ph'.la
H H Bell, Palo Alto .Mrs W H Hanson, Cal
1T T Williams, Marln Mrs M E Davis, Cal
j G A Lung. i S A Dr S G Evans. U S N
'T F Noonan" Jr. N J L M Overstreet, US N
iII B Mulford. USA D T Ames. Mt View
D Hamilton, London Mrs G A Lung, Balti
E E Gabltes, N Z J C Sullivan. X' S X
J R Dwyer. N V W Gibson, Valparaiso
Mrs E Smith, Portland W Stuart * fm, Cal
W S Hill. Cal IB Crowell. Cleveland
J M Johnson, Chicago ; J W Piper. Boston
O Robbins, Boston |G L Oppcnhelm. N V
Miss I Robbins, Boston G C Jensen, Ala
| Mi-« E Robbln?. Bostn Mrs M Taylor. Cal
Miss C Robbins. BustiiiD Melons, Oak Knoll
B H Smith, Sn GabrleljT N Irving. Stanford
C Leonardt, i..- Ang Miss A McGovern, Cal
H P Curtis. l>s Ang Miss L McKilllcan Cal
W W Allen. NY G A Wanger & w, Cal
B Santord & w. Mass (Mrs L E White, Cal
Mrs N Slackstone. Cal C Prohazka & w. 11l
N .i Nlsson, Slsklyou D M Goodrich. Ohio
, T Flint, San Juan H Koi New York
N P Nye Siskiyou V N Fredenbery, Phila
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to Willia-n
Wolf", lot on NW corner of Ellis and Franklin
streets. W 137:6 by N 137:6; also lot on Nfc:
corner Ellis and 0.-tavia streets. E 102:6 by N
187:6; aleo lot on NW corner Ellis and Oough.
streets, W 165 by N 137 :«; $ .
Mary McAleer to William J. Ramsey lot on
W line of Franklin street, 60 S of Grove S 35
by W 1C7:'"; $10.
Thrnnas H. and Mary J. Ro.mey to Christian
and Sophia Fahr^nkrug, lot un W line of Fol
som street, 35 S of Nineteenth. S 30 b\ \v
X, US
Frederick Hcr»e and O. T>. Baldwin (trus
tees) to Recce Clark, tot on N line of Seven
teenth street. I<W:S Rof Market, E2l 3' t N 113
S\V '.'7 :llva. S 93:9; $10.
Albert and Emilie M. Pissis and Margaret
and Kugene Gallols to Eugene D. Pissis. lot on
SE corner of Montgomery and Pacific streets,
S 43:3 E 65:9 N ;0:3. W 33:9. N 23, W 36; $IW.
Albert. Emilie M. and Eugene D. Pisals to
Margaret Gallols, lot on M line of Sutter
street. 107:6 W of Grant avenue. "W 41:6 by N
126; also lot on S line of California street .l 34
W of Van Ness avenue. W 44:3 by 137:6: $100.
Emilie M. and Eugene D. Pissls and Mar
garet and Eugene D. Gallols to Albert Pun*
lot on SW line of Main street, 13. :6 NW
of Mission. NW 45:10 by SW 137:6; $100.
Albert and Eugene D. Pissis and Margaret
and Eugene Gallois to Emile M. Pi ssl3 '- 10 on
SE corner of Mission street, 275 SW of Fourth,
SE 160 by SW 34:44; $100. , . . T
John and Ada M. Hinkel to Nicholas J.
Walsh, lot on W line of Twenty-fifth avenue,
100 S of Clement street, S SO, W 158. N 9%,
WSO. E 162:8; $10. , , _,
Isaac Liebes to Charles J. Beblow, lot on E
line of Twenty-fourth avenue, 150 >. or A
street. N 100 by E 120: $10. .
Isaac and Helena Liebes to Charles. J. Beh
low. lot on SE corner of Twenty-fourth avenue
; and A street. E 158:5. SW 164:6. N 44:7; $10.
Cornelius Murphy to John W. McDonald, lot
on N'E corner of Nineteenth avenue and h.
street. E 57:6 by N 100: warranty deed; 510.
Cornelius O'Brien to Henry Brandt, lot on vv
line of Mission street. 122 S of Thirtieth.
S 27, W 92:1 N 25:4%. E 95:9. lot 3. John King
ston's Map 2 of Precita Valley lands; $10.
Christopher Murr to Eva C. Cameron, lot on
NE corner of Tenth avenue, 120 SE of M street.
SE 120 by NE 100 block 186. Central Park
Homestead: $10. _ 
E. L. Hoag to A S. Baldwin, lot on E line
of Castro street and NW of Laldley. X 753:2
SE 125:5, PW 87:2, lot 40, block 4, Mission and
Thirtieth street Extension Homestead; $10.
Alameda County.
G W and Mary C. Meyer. Herman C.
Pfister, W. B. Hayford and Mondula Leak (by
Oscar Li. Rodgers, Sheriff) to George L.. Mer-
Kuire lot on S line of Thirty-seventh street,
125 W of Grove. W 60 by S 133. being the N 153
f>*t of lot 11 block A, Apgar Tract, Oakland;
$700.
J. J Scrivner to same, all interest in same:
$5.
Blanche de Bej?>m and Castor, de Beson de
Larquiziere to Emnw Whitaker (wife of R. A.),
lot on W corner of Santa Clara and Walsworth
avenues, NW & by SW 150.03. beinK the SE 15
feet of lots 1. 2 and 3. block L. Linda Vista
Terrace. Oakland : $10.
Peter Saul to same, lot X 735. on map show-
Ing lands tn be taken for same, quitclaim deed,
East Oakland; $50.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page 8.
the city front (Mission-street wharf i about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6.
Sun rises 3:45
Pun sets 6:52
Ko Q sets 8:48 p. m.
0 rime ITimel Time! (Time
* I ; Ft. I ' Ft. ' Ft. ' 1 Ft.
a L W H W L Wj H W!
6 .'..'l 5:461 1.0112:18) 5.3 6:16] 1.0 |
|H W| (L Wj iH W L W'
7 ...I 0:35! 4.9! 6:1*: 1.3 12:411 5.4' 6:56 0.7
8 ...I I'M 4.71 6:491 1.6' 1:67 5.5 7:39 0.5
9 ...' 2:11! 4.51 7:24) 2.0 1:40 5.5 8:30 0.4
10 .. I 3:101 4.2 8:03 2.:, 2:20 5.51 9:26 0.3
11 .. ' 42! 4.''' 8:66 2.9! 3:05 5.5j 10:30 0.2
12 ! 5:401 4.0! 9:5*1 3.1 4-"6' 5.5 11:33 0.2
13 ... 6:59 4.2' 11:16 3.1| 5:161 5.4|
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornins tides are frtven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of ■"■■ourrence as to time. The
second time column Eive;= the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column srives rhe
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are addition to the soundings on the
T'nited States Coast Purvey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number snven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrojrraphic Office, U. S. N , Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
September 5. MM. ,
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. p.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, IT. B. NT., in charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
Steamer. | From. J Due.
Homer St. Michael [Sep. 6
Bertha St Michael [Sep. 6
Grace Dollar.... Harbor Pep. 6
Czarina [Puget Sound 'Sep. 6
Samoa Humboldt Pep. 6
Titanla Nanaimo Sep. 6
Mackinaw ITacoma 'Pep. «
B Hamster.... River [Sep. 7
Corona 'San Diego Sep. 7
Weeott Humboldt Pep. 7
Columbia Portland (Sep. 7
Pan Juan Panama 'Sep. 7
Santa Cruz 'Newport 'Sep. 7
Willamette *....INanaimo Pep. 7
Point Arena....! Point Arena (Sep. 8
Wellington .... Departure Bay Pep. 8
MIneola [Nanaimo 'Pep. 9
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 9
Pomona 'Humboldt Sep. 9
Santa Rosa Pan Diego Sep. 9
City of Rio J. China and Japan [Sep. 9
Umatilla I Victoria & Puget Sound Pep. 9
Progreso 'Seattle [Sep. 11
Washtenaw ....[Tacoma ISep. 11
State of Cal.... I Portland 'Sep. 12
Australia Honolulu 'Sep. 12
Areata 'Coos Bay Sep. 12
North Fork Humboldt Sep; 12
Brunswick (Oregon Ports (Sep. 13
TO SAIL.
Steamer. [ Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Newburg ...[Grays Harbor'Sep. 6, 4pm'Pier J
Pomona ....Humboldt (Sep. 6, 2 Pier S
Alameda ..'Sydney Pep. 6. 10 pm Pier 7
Areata Coos Bay Pep. 7, 10 am Pier 13
Corona San Diego Sep. 7, 11 am Pier 11
North Fork. Humboldt Sep. 7. 9 am! Pier 2
Curacao ...Mexico 'Pep. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Acapuleo ..Panama (Sep. 8, 12 m|PMSS
Walla WallfVic & Pat Sd.'Sep. 8. 10 am Pier 9
Weeott 'Humboldt 'Sep. 8, 2 Pier l.*
Bonita [Newport Sep. 9, 9 am Pier 11
Columbia ..(Portland [Sep. in. 10 am'Pier 24
Samoa [Humboldt 'Sep. 10. 10 am'Pier 2
Point ArenajPoint Arena. .ISep. 11, 2 pm Pier "
Santa Rosa San Diego [Sep. 11. 11 am Pier 11
Nip.. Maru..:r*hina& JapanlPep. 12. 1 pmlPMSS
Homer Cape Nome. ..[Sep. 12, .............
Coos Bay.. 'Newport i Sep. 13. 9 am Pier 11
Umatilla ...'Vic & Pgt Sd 'Sep. 13, 10 am Pier sj
State Portland 'Sep. 15, V am Pier 21
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, September 5.
Stmr Corona, Goodall, 62 hours from San
Diego and way ports.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, hours from Trlni
'Wmr Newburg. Hensen, 4S hours from San
0 S stmr Adams, Book. 4 days from Port-
Ia v 8 Btmr Marblehead, Colby, 45 hours from
Br ship British Isles, Dunbar, 113 days from
Cardiff. Claverdon. Kelway, 176 days from j
Br Claverdaa, Kelway, in days from
S Ship e Columbia. Nelson. 10 days from Taeoma.
Fr bark Dv Guesclln, Dejole, 90 days from
X Briar I/Orltne McLeod, 19 days from Kahului.
ScUr Fortune. Luberg. 3% days from Eureka.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 60 hours from
P Schr S Achie and Fontle, Johannissen, 54 hours
from Fish Rock.
CLEARF/D.
Tuesday. September 5.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Qoodal!. Per
kl St rnf Coos Bay. Hall. San Pedro; Goodall,
P tmr ! State' of California, Green. Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, .
Stmr Novo. Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Br ship " Glenard. Turner, Antwerp: Girvln
& Byre.
SAILKD. |
Tuesday, September 5. •
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Crur.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Hall. Coos Bay.
Stmr Cl-one. Higgina, .
Stmr State of California. Green, Astoria.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall. San Pedro.
US Etmr Badger. Miller. San Diego.
Br tUX Pilot. Butler. Nanaimo.
Ba-!?e Colorado, -Andrews. Nanaimo.
c chr Nettle Low, Low, Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT Lobns. Sept 5, 10 p Weather
hazy* wind NW; velociey 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
Fcr Clarendon, July 25, lat 4 20 long 117 W-
Letters. M F T W. four-masted ship, bound ti>
Deiagoa. Bay. ■
MISCELLANEOUS.
The etmr Noyo while bound to sea this after
noon blew out a gasket. Anchored off Meig^s
wharf. Will go to sea, as soon as repairs are
madS ' DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Co
quille River, hence Sept 1. ■ -
VIGTORIA-^-Arrived Sept 2-Schr Fred J
Wood, from Hoaauim. - - ,•- ,■.*■ ■ _ •
Arrived Sept 4-Stmr Ruth, hence Sept 2.
CASPAR— Arrived Sent s— Schr Abbie.
, MENDOCINO— Arrived Sept s— Stmr Point
Arena, hence Sect 4. Golden Gate, for San
Sailed SeDt s— Schr Golden Gate, for San
F ALBION-Batled Sept B— Schr Nettie Sund
borg. for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 4— Ger ship Drenna,
from Royal Roads; Br ship Blairgowrie, from
Seattle. ,
Sailed SeDt 3— Stmr Al-Kl, for Dyea; schr
Muriel, for Kobe. Sept 4— Btmr Port Albert,
for Manila.
SEATTLE— -Arrived Sept Stmr Progreso,
hence Seat 1.
Sailed Sept s— Ship Aryan, for San Francisco.
IVERSENS LANDlNG— Arrived Sept s— Sehr
Reliance, hence Sept 2 schr Ocean Spray, hnc
Sept 2.
Sailed Sept s— Schr J Eppinger, for San Fran
cisco. ,
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept s— Schr Monterey, for
Pan Francisco. Seat 4— Stmr Arcata, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Sept s— Stmr Empire, hence Sept 3.
SAN DIEGO— Sept Tug Maule, for
San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Sept s— Schr
Corinthian, hence Sept 2.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept s— Schr Allen A. hue '
Aug 30; schr Mary Buhne, from Ventura; schr I
.T G Wall, hence Aug 25; stmr Weeott. hence
Sept 4; schr Bertha Dolbe<?r, from San Pedro.
Sailed Sept 5— 3tnar Samoa, for San Francisco.
HUENEME— SaiIed S?pt s— Schr C T Hill, for
Grays Harbor.
Arrived Sect ." — Stmr South Coast, from Eu
reka.
USAL— Sailed Sept s— Stmr Navarro. for Ban
Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Brunswick,
hence Sent 1.
, Sailed Sept a— Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
! .YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept s— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
Sailed S*Jrt 2— Br stmr Lennox, for Oregon;
Br stmr Coptic, for San Franoisco.
MANlLA— Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Indiana, hnc
Auk 1.
SLlGO— Arrived Sept 4-Hr hark Bowman B
Law. from Oregon.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior Sept s— Bark Semi
no!', from Port Btaketey; Br Btmr lloana, hnc
Aus 5.
\ QUEEXSTOWN— Arrived Sept 5— bark
' Balmoral, from Orecon, and sailed for Ant
werp.
HONGKONG— Arrived Sept s— Br ship Hut
ton Hall, from Tacoma.
NANAIMO — Arrived Sept 4— Bktn Katie
Fllcklnsor. from Nitrate.
SHANGHAI Arrived Sept 4— Bktn Robert
Pearler, from Port Blab
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BALTIMORE— Arrived Bept s— Stmr H I!
Meier," from Bremen.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept s— Stmr Bulgaria,
for Hamburg; stmr Bovte, for Liverpool; stmr
Lahn, for Bremen, via Southampton.
Arrived Sept s— Stmr Westernland, from Ant
werp-
SYDNEY— Arrived previously Sept s— Stmr
Moana, from San Francisco.
QITEENSTOWN — Arrived Sept 5 — Stmr
Cephalonia, from Boston, for Liverpool.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship So
te. Steamers leave Broadway
IS&fc-^ v.rnrf. Pan Francisco.
IgSSSroftv. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.. j
IsPltft^S*., September 3. 8. 13, 18, 23, 28. i
gS;pK,tf^ October 3. change at Seattle.
' tt£&*f:»l \7'i For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
: E^^*'£?§il C Port Townsend. Seattle. (
j r^SW^w Tacomn. Everett. Anacortea
ti *»-4iri and New Whatcom (Wash.),
"*■ 10 a. m. September 3. 8, 13, IS,
23 28 October 3, an 1 every flftli day thereafter:
change at Sea tt l.- to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. fty.l at Tacoma to N.
P Rv • at Vancouver to C. F. Ry-
"For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). - p. m.. Sep-
tember 1 6. 11. 18. 21. 26. October 1. and every
For dfl San« *Cr2; Monterey San Simeon.
Cayucns. Port Harford (Pan Luis Oblspo). :
Gavinta Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
NewDort 9 a m.. September 1. 5. 9. 13. 17, 11.
25 29. October 3, and every fourth day there-
a Fo r r Fan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los An*ele* and Redocdo (Lop Angers) 11 a.
m.. September 3. 7, 11, 10. 1?- 23. 27. October l.
! and every fourth day thereafter.
For Knienada. Msgdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. .th of each
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves th? right to Chans':
without previous notice steamers, sailing date« j
anrt h"->nr>> of Mlitnsr.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Acts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
— ~~ ;
THE 6. 11. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:p O jr. t T_, .a. IsT d
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
Cant S«2 First Class Including Bert* ;
rAnt SS Second Class and Meals.
I STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails ■_■■■■ i
Sept. 5, 15, 25; Oct. 5, 15. 25 !
' COLUMBIA sails. .Sept. 10, 20, 30: Oct. 10. 20. 30 i
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt", i
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st .
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
FSW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
; St. Paul Sept. II St. Paul Sept. 27
i New York Sept. 13 Sew York Oct. 4
St. Louis Sept. 20 St. Louis Oct. 11 j
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark ....Sept. 6 1 Nordland Sept. 27
Westernland ..Sept. 131 Friesland Oct. 4|
Kensington Sept. 10 Southwark Oct. 11
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISENKAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR- ■■
ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
1 YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
; Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
i connecting at Hongkong with steamers for I
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
; of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. September 12
AMERICA MARU Friday, October 6
HONGKONG MART" Wednesday, Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For j
i freight and passage apply at company's office, '
421 Market St., cor. First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
©■■■inH S. S. Alameda sails
AnIE via "Honolulu and !
9jFtn*9Vm Auckland for Sydney ,
M™ v. l Wednesday. Septem-
(Ls>^v\ b?r 6. at 10 p. m. '
NfWfTKrHIV I Th - s - 9 - Australia !
G)lCdllljlliU CJ sails for Honolulu
/rtfnD7il?lw Wednesday, Septem-
\U|!|R..U!U!P ber 20 at 5 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia. India, Suez,
, England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Moniaomer)
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St FreightOWce.327 Market St.
COKPAGNIE GENEBALE TRANBATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. £s e,
' Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. Cjrfjrtn
from Pier 42. North River, foot of ■*-*■*■*.■*
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE, Sept. 9; LA
GASCOGNE. Sept. IS: LA BRETAGNE, Sept.
23- LA TOURAINE, Sept. 30; LA NORMAN-
DIE. Oct. 7. First-class to Havre. $65 and up- j
ward 3 per cent reduction on round trip. ' Sec-
i ond-class to Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction
ion round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
CAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
' days, 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m. . g
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
| ~_^_ .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Satualit* Ferry.
Commencing September 1, ISS9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, *8:0U, 3:30, 11:00 a. m. :
I *1:45, 3:20, 4:00 »6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
j Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
i and Sundays, at 9:CO and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •3:00, •10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, 0 1:45, 2:30, «4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Ra.f'l Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS 5:25. »6:40. 7:55. 8:40. »10:20
a. m.: 12:30. 2:15, »3:40, 4:85, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
! and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •S:00, *9:43, »10:45, »ll:4s
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20. *3:30, *5:15, '6:00. 7:00, 10:15 !
p. m. .
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin. -: 'i -ir.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS -5:45. 6:50. 7:55. 8:55. 10:35
i a. m. : 12:33. 2:45. 4:53. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS v on Mondays, Wednesdays
i and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05.
> 1:20. 2:40, 3:65. 6:30, 6:30. 10:20 n. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
RAILROAD TRAVEL
sovTireiur pacific COJIPAJMr*
(PACIFIC svsTf.ir.)
Trains leave nn«l »r« due io »rrlw« mf
HAY rUANCISCO.
(Main Line, Foot of ATaiket Street)
leave — From Acgcst £, 1399. — amuti
7:OOa Benida, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . 5:43f
7 :0O v MamriUo, OrotHle tnd Bedding »la
Woodland « s SiI
7:OO Elmira, V.icaTille and Rnmiey ■«»•»
Martinez, San Uamon, Vallejo. N*p«.
ralistoga and Santa K05a......... 2'iS?
9:00 a Atlantic Express. Ogden and Kast.. »'*»*
«>:tu.\ San Jose. LiTermore, Stockton,
love. Sacrameuto. Placemile.
MarysTille, Chico, lied Bluff VIZ*
8:3Oa •Milton, Oakdale and Sonora ««1»F
8:30* Yoeemita Valley via Oakdala and . ___
Chinese 4iil»F
O:OOa Haywarda.Nilcs and Way Stations. 11*48*
»:<>.; a ilartinei, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merc (1 and Fresno. 1»J1O»
»:<»<»* Fresno, UakeralicM Santa Barbara,
Lea Aotelea Demlng. El Paso,
Now Orleans and Eas» S 1 :?!!
10:OOa Vail- j.*. MartinM and Way Stations _«*'
1 1 :OOa Haywards, Kiles ami Way Stations. »i 4»»
I2:OUm Miles, Livern:ore, Stockton, Sacra,-
mento. Mendota. Hanford, Vlsslia,
Pcrter»Ule .f'l5 11
•l:OOp Sacramento llivcr 5teamer5. ......... "BtOOP
8:0«r Hayward3, Kill* and Way Stations. »i*3»
4:iior Hartiuez, San Kasooo, Vallejo,
Niipi. L'lllMma. Santa ttni •ilB4
4:00 - Benida. VacavilK Sacramento^
Wooillaud, Knlchts Landing; _
Marj-sfHle. OrovillH 'i^S*
4:30p Kii'es, 6tn.lodeaud Stockton ....... 7:13F
•1:3 Op Vo emito hieopii;g Car for Raymond 1»»1»»
s;OopThe Owl. Tracy. Fref.no. Bakers-
field. Caucus for Santa Barbara,
Los ADgeles t lsi
is:»Op Stockton. Merced, Fresno 1»»»B#
0:!IUp Martinez, Tracy, Mendcta, Fresno,
Mojavo end l,os Angeles Bt4o^
0:3 Or Satita Fe Uonte, Atlautio Express _ _•
for Mojava ami Hast «i«»
•tOOp Chicigo-Sau Frandsco Special. OgJeu
and Kant «ia«»
«:OOp Hajirards, Niles and San Jose 7«4» a
•*J:OOp Vallelo 12«I5b»
27:00p Vollejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions .-. :»t«3»
8:03p Oro£O!i ICxiiress.SacraTTiento, Marys-
»ille, lte<ldinß, Portlau.l, Puget
Bound ami i:u.»t gi!3A
COAST tUVISION (Narrow (Jange).
(Foot of Market Street.) — .
t7i43A Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Station! JSiWg
8:1 3 a Newark, Centerville,San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek.SautaCiuz and Way _T__:
Stations 8iS0»
•Sil3r Newark. Centenrille. San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »I«»8»4
4:lSr San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions. •!»•*.
•4:18p Felton. Santa Cms and Way SU>
tiocs /•'••A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS raiSCISCO — foot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:09 *2:03 23:09
•t:C3 tS:C3 *6:03 p.«. • •
rrtm OAKUHD— rcit of Broad wtj.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a. K.
| |12:C3 «l:03 t3:00 *3:C3 ti:o3 . '8:00
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge), f
. (Third and Townaend Sta.)
•6:IOa Ocean Vierr, South Kan Frand?co.. # 6:80»
. *7:OOa San Jose anil Way Ktations (New
Alma:... Wednesdays only) »S»OOA
17:30 a Sunday F.xcursion for Santa Cros,
P::cinc Grove and Principal Way
Stations J8;85»
0:00 a .Sari Jose, TrL'a I'lnoa. Santa Cruz,
PociUo Grove, Faao Rpbles, San
Luis Obispo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal W..y _at!ons 4sl»»
l»:l«» Sat) Jose and Way hUfunis 0:334
11:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations liMl
*2:13r San Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose,
UoUister. Santa Cruz. Silica*
Montercj and I'acilio Grove *10s8*A
*S:3Op Kan Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacitlo Grove
and Principal Way Stations *7:80p
•4:15p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9: 13a
•3:00p San Jose awl Principal Way Stations # BsB3a
5:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations "9:00 a.
0:: SOp San Jose an.l Way Stations 8:80f
tll:43i> San Jcrc£i;>l Way Stations f7s*OT
A for Moruiuc. P for Afternoon.
• Sunday exceptert. t Sunday only. Satnrday only.
• fcSatuiday and Sunday /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO}
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St,
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:3Sj
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— triß
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:50>
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, »:**,
4:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 13:*S»
3:40, E:l5 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:«. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 6:08.
6:25 p. m. •
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
tame schedule as above. .
Leave i Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. .
. : — 1 April 16. j 4
Week | Sun- HIM. j Sun- Week
Pays. I days. ' Destination. i days. J Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 an»
1:30 pm 9:30 am) Petaluma. 6;tJ6 pm 10:25 am
i:10 pm 5:00 pm| Santa Buam. | 7:35 pm 8:30 pa»
Fulton,
1:30 am Windsor. 10:26 am
Heald^burgr.
Lytton,
Geyserv-ille,
1:20 pm 8:00 am G.overdale, 7:35 pm 8:80 pat
7:30 am Hopianii and 1 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pa
7:30 am 1 10:25 am
j 8:00 am; Guerneville. 7:35 pm
X:3O pm 6:20 ptn
7:80 ami 8:00 am ! Sonoma 10:40 am S:4O ana
1 and
8:10 pm 5:00 pmj Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastjpol. .10:40 am 10:25 la
8:30 pm 5:00 pm| i 7:35 pmj 6:20 pmj
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark WestJ
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Liytton
for Lytt-n Springs: at Geyservllle for SkagrgS)
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop™
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Spring*.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake*
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for VlchJl
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,'
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Height*, Hullvllle,
Booneville, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs'
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little RlTerJ
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,'
Westport. Usal. Willltts, Laytonvllle, Cum*
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. 1
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at|
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all polntf
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle blda
H C WHITING. R. X. RYAN/
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent,
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE-
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKB
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 6:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IK
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASON
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. S»
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara Street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 18, 1599. trains will run as follow;
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen-I Mixed. Mixed. Paw
Her. Sunday Stations. Sunday ifer.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exs'ptd Dally.
7:20 am. 10. 30 am Stockton J:4o pm 6:00 pta
. 9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:11 prn
10:40 am 6:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 243 pra
11:38 am 7:45 pm ! Hanford 7:4 a am 1.48 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakerafleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
ll:t»am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pra
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tular* 6:50 am l:0S pra
Etopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection,
inquire at Trafflo Department, 221 Market at.
Ban rrandaco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
_ca«e iiiiu Francisco, via oausallto Ferry,
> Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a, m.. and 1:46 p. m. ,
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. in., Returning Sam* Even-
leg, arriving In San Francisco at mm
p m.
SUNDAYS. 8, 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. l:ai
and 4 p. m.
Fare 8. F. to Summit and Return, fl 4#.
THOS COOK & SON. Agts., (£1 Market it» .
1112
BEAUTIFUL SERVICES USHER
IN THE JEWISH NEW YEAR
Rabbi Nieto Delivers the Rosh Hoshonah Sermon at Sherith Israel.
ROSH HOSHONAH was celebrated
splendidly yesterday morning in
the Jewish temples of the city.
All were crowded to the doors
with devout worshippers pouring
out their thanks to God for the |
ijtssings and asking his forgiveness for
he errors of the past twelvemonth. The
sound of the shofar was the signal in j
learly every place of worship for a musi- j
cal programme of unusual excellence.
At Temple Emanu-El, the congregation |
vas distinctly fashionable and seemed to
•vince tho most lively hopes for happi
less during the new year. The service
lad been planned on a grand scale and j
he serm«m was by no means the least
nteresting feature. Rabbi Voorsanger j
lad chosen for his subject "The Lion
md the Vine. 1 taking bis text from* the
lineteenth chapter of Kzekiel, where that
prophet likened the Princes of Israel of
lla time to lion's whelps taken captive in I
i pit, and Judea to a wasted vine. Under
bat head Dr. Voorsanger took to ta^-k
.hose people of his religion who seemed |
;b accept that religion merely from habit
»nd tradition, pointing out to them that
heir duty was to stand forth as the lion's
.vhelps, and aid their aged mother in her
aour of need. He said In part:
Ezekiel addresses himself to s.,prlnca,
who was • too weak to hold the scepter...
and tells him: "What a lioness was. your
mothtT." Her ambition was that- you should
become a lion, but the nations set up
atalnst you, and they put a. ring Into your . I
oose ana led you captive Into Egypt.";
1 say to you this parable of Kztltlel Is a ;
perspective of history. We are of the chil
dren ol the lioness. rhc heavenly sign .if
Judea i- the lion. A rampant lion is j
Ju'Jpi, not crouching: and waiting for the ;
.-Injil The heavenly sign of tin; lion is one ■
oi strength, power and dominion, which
has neon borrowed trum .ludea by other
nations, who HkewUe strive- for succens
by ihe sign of the Hon. A lioness Is our i
mother. We belong to her and she feeds
v..- She roams the earth to seek for sus- !
tenance lor us; and the matins of if. .
lion and the lioness of Judea and Judaism
has produced power and >'. minion and
Avorld-conijuering iilc^p. .
Wo are the children of the lioness, but
t'.ir.i: of us take her i complacently, as a
matter of course, t>f tradition and train
ing. &he la our mother, and, of course, a :
man does not want to investigate ins
mother. Although 'that mothor may be '
growing elder, me of us do not pee it.
This day comes to us as a day of glad- j
ness. The shofar sounds the message:
'•Make the best of yourselves; be the !
best you can be; contribute your best to ;
society: contribute to the Happiness of ,
mankind; Corset yourselves tor a while
and study the conditions of the eternal
progress that is man's part through the ]
ages."
Shall a man love his faith merely be
cause it was his lather's? Shall the ex
istence of Judaism be determined merely
by the fact that we are descended from
Jewish people? 1 am bound to tell you
that taking such questions Is piaying into
the hands of the anti-Semite. The anti- I
Semitic philosophy Is that the Jew cannot !
lie anything else. They say that his rellß- j
lon is a matter of birth, habit and educa
tion; that he cannot change himself; that !
nature has made him what he ii«. and.
therefore, he cannot be other than a Jew.
Shall 1 express my loyalty to my faith
merely because my mother did It, or my '■
lather did it? Is my religion merely a j
/oree of habit? Is my faith merely a tra
dition? Is it a fact that I am merely con
trolled by circumstance— that I would have I
no right to choose? Suppose that my rea-
Eonlng and logic come to different con
clusions, what am I to do?
What Is the ansWer to such questions? j
The answer to them . is "Thy mother was
a vine planted by many waters, her boughs
extending and her tendrils closing around i
her trunk so high that they overtopped all
other vines." There is within her every
source for satisfaction, She is the source
net only of the power of her own children,
but of the wisdom that runneth through
the centuries. .
' Such questions proceed oftentimes from
people who are not quite willing to say j
what their duty to their mother is— the i
people who have forgotten that the vine of I
Israel la still planted by many waters, and !
that its rich clusters are still envied ■by |
many neighbors. They prefer the other
*ldfcf the picture. There are two pic- i
ture* of the vine. One is a vine rooted '
deeply, >x tending Its fruity riches to the
world. The other picture Is the vine of •
Ifracl planted in the desert, its fruit
wasted, the simoon blowing upon it and i
scourging it; its trunk withered, no longer I
to become thi scepter of nations. There are
nlentv of people who flatter themselves
that that tfi the fact We know them..Lis
ten 'to these complacent gentlemen, who
eeem to remember no more where their
m Yn h v r know the lioness has lost sen*
tpeth: and yon know that. hex eyes .do not
rhine as brightly os of old; and you know
that there ere many people who look upon
her with some degree of contempt: aa«J ]
you know that they have endeavored time
and again to put a ring- in her nose and
lead her captive In the streets .\nd thor
oughfares of the cities, in order that they
may deride the old lioness who seeks ffr
hpr prey all through the world.
I tell you that is just the time when
she needs her children. Do our mothers
need us when we are babies? No. They
need us when we are strong 1 and they are
weak and old. That is the time when
these complacent gentlemen will turn their
backs and say: "That is all nonsense.
Give us the principal issues of the day.
Let us struggle, let us endeavor to suc
ceed, and let us try and make the world
forget that we belong to these children ot
the lioness. Let us try to ohiige our
Bpeech and try to alter the fashion of i ne
logic so that the world may, at least as
far as we are concerned, fors^t that we
belong to the old mother.
Gentlemen, the world will never fors't
it. You may try to hide in the bowel? or
the earth— the world will never terse: thai
the old lioness has children in 1" ,'yi't and
in Babylon, In France and Italy and in
America. Make no apologies for your
mother. Stand with your mother to-day.
- and tell the world that the old lioness is
still alive and hopes under God to con
tinue her mission.
And "unto those that may auk such cow
ardly questions I would say they are mis
taken. They flatter themselves that Juda
ism Is a rotting tree, a thing of contempt
that n^eds to be burled in the sands of
time. She is a vine planted by 'nany wa
ters, fhe is rejuvenating herself. She la
expanding her boughs, and unto her chil
dren • she will be the same nourishing
: mother that she has been in the past.
The musical portion of the service was
magnificent. The keynote in -which the
Jewish, festival services are- pitched con
sists of the musical portion of the wor
ship. "While the language of the! prayer
is frequently changed into the tongue, of
the people in whose midst the service is
held, the melodies which form the under
current to the songs have never* been
changed and are handed down to pres
ent generations intact just as they were
sung centuries ago and without having
been defiled by the revolutionary spirit of
the times. Naturally modern improve
ments in Instruments and voice culture
demand embellishments of the traditional
chant, and Cantor Stark of Temple
Emanu-El took it upon himself to com
pose a musical service' apparently new.
but never for a moment deprived of that
Oriental color which is so thrilling In
Hebrew worship.
Besides the traditional hymns, Mr.
Stark composed entirely original pieces,
among which, an orchestral work. "Song
of Devotion." stands out boldly. Thu
>■■ mposer exhibited the fine judgment of
impressive melody by assigning to the
cello the guiding strains. No other in
strument can embody the spirit of de
votion in such a realistic manner as this
one, which is nearest in character to the
human voice. The "Song of Devotion" is
ally a cello solo with orchestra accom
paniment. ...
Another composition which was of ar
tistic value was the "Sen Sheorim" (un
fold the portals). Herein Cantor Stark
showed his advanced knowledge In theory
and harmony. It contains not only a
splendid figure, but is arranged with so
much taste and such a strict adherence
to the slightest detail that it becomes a
classical work. The traditional character
of the music was particularly manifest in
the recitative "Elohentl," wherein the
dramatic barytone of Cantor Stark had
an opportunity to exhibit its full force.
The chant was rendered with a dramatic
fervor and impressive • execution which
embodied the ideal of devotion.
Inasmuch as the Shofar service is the
emblem, as It were, of the Hebrew New
Year's worship, the music embodied
therein must be erjiipl to the importance
of the occasion. The Shofar (ram's horn)
was represented by the more modern
trombone. While this substitution of the
modern instrument destroyed the tradi
tional wail of the ram's horn. Cantor
Stark endeavored to bridge over this
change by a striking chorus erected upon
the unique sounds of the shofar.
Before the sermon Schubert's "Great Is
Jehovah", was sung by the choir, and
Rhys Thomas rendered the tenor 1 solo
with much taste. The choir consisted of
sixteen members, among whom were the
following soloists: Miss Daisy Colin, Mrs.
J. Kelly, Rhys Thomas- and Homer ■ S.
Henley. W. A. Sabln presided at the or
gan. An orchestra of twelve pieces as
sisted in the service.
At the Temple Sherith Israel. Post acd
Taylor streets, the congregation was no
less fashionable than at Emanu-El, and
the musical service, conducted by Cantor
Davis. was of a high order. - Rabbi Nieto
delivered the New Year sermon under the
title "Agitation la the Camp," and dealt
largely, after an introductory explanatory
of the day. its hopes and duties, with the
question of Zionism.. On this subject he
said: - ■ •■■St.;:; 1 ; ■• . < ■'-
To-day a severe commotion is shaking all
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1899.
Jewry. Tnrest, apprehension, agitation
and grave doubts are even now pc»;<-'^inK
thi- hearts of the Jews the world over, 'lv
whichever Quarter of the globe you direct
your attention the condition pre-
J here is Zionism, One evidence of
unrest, and the serious opi>OEltion of. anti-
Zionism, still a greater evidence of unr« >t.
Fears are being expressed on all sides that
Judai.sm Is dying out. What Judaism, or
what part u£ Judaism? There is a general
swaying of the popular mind and opin
ions are oscillating. Give us more cere
mony, say some. J.^t urn have done with
things we do not understand, say others.
Hi :■• Hebrew l» the cry on one hand,
while on the other the plea la for prayer
In a language that is intelligible to the
pei pie. One faction declares that the
foundations of our faith are being torn
away, while those complained of seem
anxious to build up a pure religion free
from all meaningless contrivances and ar
chaic formula.". Every section of the com
munity is on the tiptoe of expectation.
All seem to apprehend the advent of some
dire catastrophe. Whence will it come?
Krom without or within? Will the national
question, under the euphonious title of
7.\< nism, or the ritual and ceremonial yarl
a'.nnp precipitate the unfortunate crisis?
Shall we ourselvea hurl faction against
faction to no profit, or will the non-Jew
fatten upon us the responsibility of some
matter outside our consciousness and rsn
dir us anew martyrs to the cause of jus
tice?
It is all very well to take a survey of
the conditions at any particular period
and descant upon them. Discovering popu
lar diseases prevalent in any era is as old
as the hills. The more Important duty
should be to so thoroughly diagnose . the
disease that we may decide beyond the
shadow of any reasonable doubt the cause
or causes of the fevered condition. To pre
scribe palliatives Is but to pniUpone the
fearful ravages of a dlsf-ase strengthened
by neglect.
Our duty Is to determine the causes that
have produced this feverish condition In
the Jewish community and remove them,
or, falling their removal, to adopt such
measures as shall nullify their effects and
render them Innocuous.
The Synagogue Beth-Israel, on Geary
street, between Octavla and Lagnna. was
crowded yesterday morning with mem
bers of that congregation to attend the
Kosh Hpshonah services. In the congre
gation were a large number of Jewish
soldier boys who had served their coun
try in the" Philippines. Rabbi Levy's ser
mon was entitled "Sayings of the Sages."
He said in part:
"Blffsed art thou, O Lord God, sover
eign of the world, who hast kept us alive
and sustained us to enjoy this day."
This benediction was always recited by
Israel on the approach of a new season,
and if ever the necessity existed for such
a benediction that occasion Is ours to-day,
for notwithstanding the dark clouds that
occasionally obscure the sun's brightness
the fanatical hatred is melting away, tol
erance manifests Itself in religious circles,
and the dawn of a better and a purer de
cade is looming up before us.
While It is an indisputable truth that
much of the misery that exists Is beyond
man's control, still It is reasonable that
as dependents on the grace of God we
should congregate to supplicate that hid
den power and pray to the author of cre
ation to continue in unfolding and devel
oping that which is noblest und best In
the human mind and heart and soul.
If during the past ;.<;ir conditions de
prived us of the privilege of more con
stant communion with the universal Father,
It la no degradation to our better natures
to entreat our Father and our King to
grunt us strength to try to do good.
Oh, may the advent of this new year
(jul'^kcn and strengthen within us an
earnest resolve to make it one of true
life. In the book Which God opens to-day
ea< - h may write his name; every act of
kindness, every thought of pity, even" dis
position to be merciful, will be claims to
registration. I,et us, therefore, try to
live, that if we could revise this book we
should find nothing to change. Let the ln
apiratlon of the day cause us to offer with
thankfulness and Sincerity this benedic
tion: Blessed art thou. o Lord God. sover
ereign of the world, who hast kept us
alive and sustained us to enjoy this day.
At the Bush-street synagogue Rabbi
Isidor Myers delivered the Rosh Jlos
honah sermon. Jle. said in part:
At tliiß season of the year the Jew is re
minded by the sound of the trumpet to
niustfr on his side the three armies and the
banners bearing respectively the words
"Penitence," "Prayer" and "Charity."
These and these alone can def»nd mail from
his cn-atest enemies.
Israelites were oreanized at tk* foot of
Mount Slnal into an army to flgflt the biU
tles of the Lord, and for thousands of yenrs
this great army has be?n fighting against
Idolatry, superstition, immorality, tyranny
find oppression. On New Year's day every
Jew is a mi'mliT "I that army. He is sum
mo&ed by the bugle call of the shofar to re
new his allegiance and loyalty to the Great
Ktnsr. This army of the Lord must fight
with its spiritual weapons against all the
powers of darkness still existing In the
world until victory shall be manifested by
the universal acknowledgment of the unity
of God and of the brotherhood nt man. when
the trumpet will be heard in-oclalmins 1 the
r ixu . if the universal peace, of liberty and
riuhte'.usnpsp.
THREATENS TO LEAVE
SCHOOLS IN DARKNESS
COMPANY SHUTS OFF GAS
UNTIL BILLS ARE PAID.
Compromise Is Finally Effected by |
Auditor Wells Offering to Settle
for July and August.
The gas was turned off in every school
building in the city yesterday morning by
employes of the San Francisco (las and
! Electric Company, acting under orders
from President <"rockett. The latter
claimed he had been instructed to adopt
this course by the directors of the gas
company because their bills against the
School Department for the months of
July and August, amounting to $900, had
not been paid and because the estimated
appropriations for the present fiscal year
were not ample to pay their bills against
the city at the ordinary rate of con- j
sumption.
Mayor Phelan attempted to induce
President Crockett to rescind his order
and to defer further action in the matter
until after the 18th of this month, when
the tax levy for the year is to be tixed,
but the latter was obdurate.
Finally a conference was arranged be
tween representatives of the gas com
pany and the city, which was held in the
office of the Mayor during the afternoon.
President Crockett and Attorney Bishop
represented the corporation and the
Mayor and Auditor Wells the city. At
! this conference it developed that the
pressing grievance of the gas company
was that while its bills against the School
Department for July and August had been
| passed by the board) they had not been
sent to the Auditor and therefore the
company could not get Its money. Aud
itor Wells suggested an easy way out of
the dilemma by offering to pay the bills
If they were sent to him. Mr. Crockett
said if that were done the gas In the
school buildings would again be turned
on. The Mayor then sent for the bißs
and handed them to the Auditor. Last
night the schools were lighted as usual.
But while the gas company succeeded
in collecting its account against the
School Department for the two months
referred to. thf-re is still a sum in the
neighborhood of $7000 contracted previous
to June 30 which it has not collected and
cannot collect because there is to money
and will be none with which to pay it.
CHINESE WAYS.
On© Ex-Convict Peaches Upon An
other and Employs a Senator
to Prosecute.
State Senator Morehou.=e of Santa Clara
County and "Wong Ok, an ox-convict,
made complaint yesterday in the office of
T'nii.'d States Attorney Coombs against
Jew Yuk, alleging that Jew Yuk is not en
tlthrl to be in the United States.
1 he story told by Wong Ok is that Yuk
is an ex-convict, liko himself, and that
a.ter Mik was released from the peniten
tiary be was deported, but returned again
and was smuggled into the country, i'uk
was arrested an hour or so later by the.
Chief of Police of San .1 «.. Ok escaped
deportation by claiming to be a native
son.
Chinese Birthday Festival.
The anniversary of the birth of How
Wong, a celebrated joss in Chinese his
tory, occurred yesterday and was ob
served with much ceremony by the Young
\\ oo Association of 726 Commercial street.
Tne celebration is religious in its nature.
.During the evening thousands of China
men paid their respects to the honored
)Vong The festival will continue lor
three days.
t
| IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
| * Oom Paul tells the story
of his life.
2c
EXTRA SESSION
OF THE REGENTS
TURNED DOWN
Gage Crumpled Card
of Colonel Denicke.
ANTICS OF THE EXECUTIVE
AN INCIDENT OF RECENT OCCUR
RENCE AT PALACE HOTEL.
One pi the University Trustees Will
Know Next Time How
to Approach the
-* Governor.
Colonel E. A. Denicke, regent of the
State University, companion of the Loyal
Legion, comrade of the Grand Army, and
ail around business man of excellent at
tainments, Is not yet fully posted as ;o
current events in the political world. A
few days since Colonel Denicke desired to
see the" Governor of California on import
ant business connected with the Stale
University. The regents deemed it emi
nently proper that a special meeting of
the board should be held to make fitting
arrangements to receive the notable
architects composing the jury to pass
upon the designs in architecture submit
ted under airs. Hearst's competitive
plans, and therefore Colonel Denicke was
authorized to see the Governor ana ask
that the regents be convened to consider
the subject. 
Colonel Denicke sought by the ordinary
method of sending his card to the Gov
ernor's apartments in the Palace Hotel
to obtain an interview with the chief
executive officer of the State, but no
attention was paid to his card. The colo
nel, slightly annoyed but not discouraged
in his efforts to secure a special session
of the board, resolved to try another ave
nue to approach "His Excellency. Ac
cordingly he enlisted the co-operation of
a State officer of high standing. This offi
cer was asked to convey the colonel s
card and telephone number to the Gov
ernor and also to express briefly the na
ture of the business on hand. Present. y
the Governor emerged from one of the
recesses of the Palace court. Behind
him glided Ed Niles and not far in the
rear distance was Al Lindley. The State
officer perceived an opening and at once
went forward and delivered to Gage the
earnest request of the regent and also
the card bearing the telephone number.
The Governor apparently listened to the
message, and for reply crumpled the card
in his hand and Bald: "I am going to
take the train for Los Angeles this even
ing "
In the matter of crumpling the card
and dismissing the topic! without the cour
tesy of response the Govejmor displayed
his individual force of character and
tirmneSß of purpose. He acted in the
premises without seeking the counsel of
Herrin or soliciting the consent of the
Mexican. When the touts saw him crum
ple the card they exclaimed:
"Gage has a mind of his own."
Certainly it would have been the proper
and graceful proceeding 'for the regents
in their official capacity to have welcomed
the eminent architects, but Colonel Dtii
ickp. versatile as he is. and as well verw <1
withal in the proprieties of social and oiii
! rial life, was not posted as to the proper
method to pursue in seeking an audience
with the present Governor of Californ.a,
and therefore the plans for official wel
come miscarried.
Had Colonel Denicke kept pace with
the administration he would have known
before the Incident closed that the assis
tance of Ed Niles or Al Lindley should
have been Invoked to obtain an audience
with "His Excellency." Next time he will
know better, but when that time comes
the regent may not care for the company
of the Governor.
Gage's recent antics here caused so
much unfavorable comment that oven
Judge Carperiter has been constrained to
apoligize for the Chief Magistrate. Car
penter's apology is not what would be
called a labored exposition of the case.
He simply explains the situation by the
remark: "Gage is a damned fool." Car
penter, it seems, will never correct the
unfortunate habit of saying what other
I people thinly
MR, BRYAN BACK
FROM YOSEMITE
Addresses the Peop'e of
Wawona.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WAWONA, Sept. 5.— W. J. Bryan and
family, accompanied by W. W. Foote, .W.
H. Alford, A. 11. Washburn and G. A.
Clark, arrived here last evening on a spe
cial stage from Yosemite Valley via the
Dewey trail and Glacier Point. The
Bryan party was enthusiastic, over the
wonders of the Yosemite and especially
delighted with the views of the valley
obtained from various points on Dewey
trail. From Glacier Point the tourists
proceeded by trail to Nevada and Vernal
falls, reaching the Sentinel Hotel at 5
o'clock on Sunday afternoon. On Monday
morning the party visited Mirror Lake
and took a drive around the floor of the
valley, coming <»ut via Inspiration Point,
arriving at Wawona at 7 o'clock last
evening.
By special request Mr. Bryan delivered
an address on the beauties and wonders
of the Yosemite Valley, touching upon the
principal political issues of the clay. He
was introduced to the audience by W. I>.
Tupper of Fresno. There was a large
gathering of citizens from the surround
ing vicinity, who were anxious to hear Mr.
Bryan on the important Issues now before
the people. Mr. Bryan spoke for an hour
and a half. The subjects of his address,
after the discourse on the beauties of
Yosemite, werp silver, the trusts and im
perialism as applied to our relation with
the Filipinos.
The party left this morning for San
Francisco, where it will arrive to-morrow
forenoon. Mr. Bryan expects >to speak, in
San Francisco to-morrow night and will
leave on Thursday morning for Nebraska,
t stopping at Lake Tahoe for a few days.
Nqxt SUNDAY'S CALL will be
an especially interesting paper.
Don't fail to get a copy.
TEMPLARS ON A VISIT.
i California Knights Entertained in
the City of Louisville.
Some time since Colonel R. P. Hurlburt,
i past grand commander of California
j Knights Templar, and Frank W. Titus,
I grand generalissimo, left this city for
Louisville, Ky., for th« purpose of en
gaging headquarters for the California
Templars, who will attend the triennial
conclave to b^ held in that city. While
there they were received by De Molay
! Comfna naery . and on the night of the
27th ult. were entertained in the Scottish
Right Cathedral. They were, welcomed
by about 150 Sir Knights, who had as
] sembled to do honor to the visitors from
j California. There was delivered a short
| address, and then followed a luncheon, at
I which all the Sir Knights drank from a
! huge loving-cup, the property of the
| Grand Commanaery of California. The
| ftstiviti^s were continued until a late
hour. During their stay in Louisville
the visitors were the guests of Colonel
John T. Gartright, chairman of the com
mittee on hotels and accommodations.
It Is expected that at the conclave
there will be 15,000 more Knights than at
any previous conclave.
Latest Ideas for Invalids.
Comfort at Goodban s. 1117 Van Ness .*
ADVERTISEMENTS. * ■ ■ [-.---
-~l™Tofferlg~"
wiLUInL Ul T Emily
. . . OF.. .
Black Serges and Cheviots!
— ■ "i
« — — — . .
Commencing Mondau, September 4th, we >
will place on sale Ten Cases IMPORTED
BLACK CHEVIOTS AND SERGES, suitable for
TAILOR-MADE. SUITS.
The width of these goods are 50, 52, 54,
56 and 58 inches, and the prices are 65c,
75c, $1.00, $1.25, $1.50, $1.75, $2.00,
$2.25 and $2.50 per yard,
• — — - — ■ *
SPECIAL.
20 pieces 50-inch ENGLISH SERGE, fine twill and
Jet Hack... ~,.--^-~65c .yard
SPECIAL- -"
One case BLACK ENGLISH DIAGONAL SERGE, 4? m
inches wide - —^.^^«7scyard *
SPECIAL.
20 pieces 52-inch IRON FRAME SERGE, Tast'hlaclc
~ . . -. .. „«.»— ..75c >ard
SPECIAL.
One case ENGLISH DIAGONAL CHEVIOT; TBrl(ty y
wale, full 50 Inches wide... -^—^.sl.oo. yard
SPECIAL.
25 pieces 50-inch ENGLISH CAMELS-HAIR CHE-*,--
YIOT, specially adapted for tailor-made suits... -.
$1.00 yard
We have also opened this week 5 casee new BLACK
ENGLISH MOHAIR CREPONS, new designs, price $1.50,
$1.75 and $2.00 per yard,
HI, 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
PLUCKY SCHOOLTEACHER
DEFIED THE RAILROAD
Maintained Her Rights as a Passenger, De
clined to Be Ordered About and Would
Not Yield Her Seat.
The men who are now managing the
passenger traffic of the Southern Pacific
Company are either indifferent about the
comfort and convenience of the public
or else they are incompetent to discharge
the duties of the positions they hold.
The presence of so large a number of
visitors from the interior in San Fran
cisco during the week of festivities in
honor of the returned California volun
teers seemed to completely demoralize the
train service. On some of the divisions
in the vicinity of San Francisco trains
were frequently as much as two hours
! late, and passengers were crowded into
1 cars without ..ny consideration for their
! rtentp and comfort. It is reliably stated
i. -at the company had an unpleasant ex
perience with a Cplusa County teacher
who knew her rights and was determined
to maintain them, and as a result of halt ,
an hour's parley the corporation uncon
! dltionally surrendered to the plucky
I young woman. .. _,
Sunday afternoon, August 27, the Sac
■ ramento train was nearly an hour late
In leaving the Oakland mole. It consisted
of three iirst-c-lass passenger coaches and
ten second-class coaches, all of which
were well tilled. Just before the train
arrived at Port Costa the passengers In
the last three cars were directed to va
cate and find seats or standing room in
the remaining seven cars But few of
those ordered io move could nnd seats.
The aisles were crowded and some were
compelled to stand upon the platforms.
The Colusa County school teacher refused
to leave the cars to be cut out of the
train unless the conductor provided her
with a seat. The conductor, who was
acting under orders, was very considerate
and polite, but a bmkeman was threaten
ing and blasphemous until the teacher
threatened to report him, after which he
j subsided. Tho conductor reasoned, impor
j tuned and expostulated, _ut all to no
| purpose, as the young lady refused to
i budge except on the condition above
named.
The pretense was made that the car
needed repairs, but as two other cars
j were also cut out of the train she was
quick to perceive that this was' a mere
pretext to gain a point. The car was
finally sidetracked and the door locked,
! but ihe conductor was warned by the
I teacher that if she was left she would
I sue the company for damages. The con
■ due-tor went away but came back again
i and after another short but ineffectual
1 parley a switch engine pushed the car on
' ! the ferry boat and it was again coupled
to ih«' train.
The surrender was complete and un
conditional. The young lady knew her
rights and was plucky enough to insist
that, having purchased a ticket and ob
: talned a seat at the OaKland mole, she
I was entitled to hold it to her destination.
1 After the uusual episode was over the
■ passengers who were witnesses crowded
■ about the young woman and warmly con
' gratulated her upon having achieved so
. notable a triumph.
ATHENS PARLOR.
It Will Bs in Gay Costume in the
Procession in Santa Cruz on
Admission Day.
J. N. Fogarty. Ben F. Woolner and
Frank A. Losh, the "Ninth of September"
committee of Athens Parlor of Oakland,
are determined that that organization
shall be in the procession at Santa Cruz
as prominently as any of the other Na
tive Sons. It has selected as a uniform
for that day white duck trousers, white
shirt with standing collar, blue vestlet.
blue tie. white duck coat, white golf cap
and white shoes. Each member will carry
a white parasol ornamented with orange
colored streamers. The badge to be worn
will be of the hue of the golden poppy
and will have inscribed upon it a motto
that will let the people know that the
boys are from Oakland. One of the nov
elties the Athenians urouose to alaolav
will be a float intended to excel all others.
This parlor was instituted in Septem
ber 1595, with twenty members, and now
the membership numbers seventy-five. Its
past presidents are W. C. S. Schmidt.
Ben F. Woolner, C. H. Ollinger, C. D. Ma
loney. L. A. Hinman, W. E. Farno, J. N.
Fogarty. C. H. Green and Milton G. Per
kins. "The present president i 3 \V. E.
Dean.
ADVERTISEMENTS. J
ONE WEEK H"
FREE 3% §
Treatment and Medicine, o^^§
Catarrh Deafness, iES
h'OISE3 IN THB BARS SgyM
AND THROAT DISEASES iSj&sZ,£gL
given to show th« superior SSST/^ Vm .•
merit ot xnr new Invention. §«y Jx^&i"
>nd ANTISEPTIC treatment; §y |?is^
that give* many marvelous $& £ft| ■ ,
Cure* and so «asy a child a^ssJasHf 1
can use It. In 1200 teat coses a jßSsßr^
all CATARRHAL, patients re- li MSfIKS
i laved and 10 per cent Deaf- §Sj»«£3shs?K£
iess ourad. Best of references fe^SvEga^ri^-.St
and hundreds of endorsements. But the best i*
to try it and be convinced wall* you caa.:
ITRBE FOR ONE WKSX. r' •
f Call at one* or writ*.
DR. NOTTINGHAM.
682 Market St.. opp. P&lace Hotel,
A,._M,»_l-3.»pa 7-» P. M^_ •
Big Presents
Good Tea
Try
Great American Importing Tea Co's
Big Value Stores.
v STORES EVERYWHERE.
■" ■ 9 100 STORES.
Dr. R. L. Walsh,
,^B«^SsK*uiV. «15% GEARY ST.. bet.
jT^gg(ilhjjj_iriihlirfrT Hyde ar.d Larkln.
.^fe '^^^^^^^^f Painless
U?"t _ 1 J^l^7\ Crc".'ns"'.".'.'.'.'.'.".'.*!S2*.U«
HJ' f.- r £ liT«2Ji^1 i T«2Ji^ Flesh-colored Plates..
X-V'. i«ja/£^^ ...J«5.O«»
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN first prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No students. U
years' experience.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cored by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Pirii. 1. ESPIO; Mew York, E. FOUGERA ft 00.
BOLD BT ALL. DRUnrsrEtv*