VOLUME LXXXVI-XO. 24.
FRIENDS OF DREYFUS ARE
IN POWER IN FRANCE.
THE NEW CABINET WILL BE JUST
I ■ The i";t]i anil the New York
right i ' 9, by Jamf3 Gor-
PARTS, June 23. One deduction
will surely be drawn by all who
consider attentively the consti
tution of the new Cabinet. This
is that the republic has been
really menaced. By whom is a point on
which much discussion is possible. On
ihe nne hand the Socialists claim the
menace has been from Caesarism, as
personified In the army chiefs. On the
other hand, the National declare it
is from foreign interference, brought
about by the 'demoralization of. the
Army, w ■•'! is the aim of the fc-'ooiJil-
: sts.
Whatever may r-o thr- truth in this
tafn thai republicans of
;>}\ shades of opinion have realized that
■lancer menaced republican institutions.
explain ili^ presence in
. . •
tl ' immune v. ith such
i ■ i, .[■] Millerand, th<^ < hief
-t and revolutionary So
her indication nf tl« same kind
th»t danger was threateflng la to be
I in this morning's pros?. With the
■ ' md Drumont's
I t the new Ministry
more or loss cordially, it is true, but
they accept it. Their comments show
th;"!t. although surprise is expressed by
everybody at the heterogeneous Min
istry, everybody looks upon it as cal
culated to r-btnin order, to po]j<]ify the
present regime, to enforce respect for
ihe magistracy and Its verdict, to re
ptor^ the prestige of thp army, on the
one hand by putting & stop ; " the fu
rious altnck? made upon it and upon
the other by tightening somewhat the
slnckpned discipline that these attacks
have brought ab?.-ut. Wo ■■•<:> be sure
that the New Minister of » War's first
act will be to ins!st on silence in the
ranks. His voice will be heard and
obeyed, for he is adored by. the army.
He is t hi very model of tlv discipline
of a cavalry officer. His birth certifi
cate claims that he la TO. but that is
purely a mistake, for men thirty years
his junior have net n flrjner <>n
horseback and have n«-t a more slender
figure and more porcine: cj'e.
Tt is ale certain that lip will not
tolerate any seditious ai treks upon he
army, and that if. on he one side, he
stops the reading of orders nf the day
to ply In Insulting t°rr? to the press
v.ith romn ■ ' such as Colonel Saxe
trpated h!s m a to. with " brass band
accompaniment; the other, day. he \vi)l
not. on Hip other sid». permit outrages
upon officers who are merely doing
their duty to pass unpunished. He is
likely to receive 1 he support of his col
leagues In case of interference Ith the
course of justice in regard to th? Drey
■?!;<= case. «Ir>nprnl de Gallifet is a warm
supporter of Colonel Pfcouort ; Wal
dPck-Ko::spea;j is a Dreyfuslte, nd so
If Monis. tiif ikw Minister of iKtice;
ro is Lsjnesseaui the new Minister of
Slarine": < I Hii!^u r 'i. Minister of i aces,
;;nd Millcrand. Of course M. Baudin,
praiul nephew of the Deptlty of the
same name who was killed up m the
barricades in 1351, i:- upon the side of
Dreyfus and justice, and so Is Jean
l.M:puy. Minister of Agriculture and I »i
--rector of t.hr Petit ' ' irisif n.
The reign of lav.- and justice has, at
any rate, won b«oui ')'!■•:.:• deter
mined upon an piwgetie policy. One
<->nly np°ds to listen to Oen«ral ']■■ Galli
ot's words: "I am blamed for my atti
tude In. 1871." he said last night. "At
that time I served the majority, the
constitution and the law. When I was
a soldier on active service I held ray
tongue. NoW I am of the opinion that
the army talks too much. I am, as I
was thirty years ago, at the service of
the majority, the constitution and the
law."
Th" first Cabinet Coum II ■ i" the new
Ministry was held al the Blysee Pal
o-night. President Loubel presid
ing. At this meeting the general lines
tration to be made i>y th*>
Government nn Monday jyere decided
upon. A ministerial statement will be i
drafted at a councfl to be held on Sun
day.
At the instance of GeneraJ do Oalli
fet, Minister of War, the council de- i
The San Francisco Call.
Palace of Justice at Rennes
< ided upon the transfer of a number of
superior officers of the army for "in
dulging in manifestations unbecoming
soldiers."
The radical Socialists have decided
to support the Government provided it I
defends the republic. When, this de
cision was made known, M. Charles
Camille Pelletan. Deputy for Aix. and
a few others, withdrew from the group.
The Temps says: "The composition '
of the Cabinet may appear extraor- j
dinary in the face of the material tran- j
quillity existing, but. unhappily, moral
tranquillity does not prevail In the same
degree. The Cabinet will shortly pro
rogue Parliament and take upon itself j
alone the solution of the Dreyfus af
fair. Within the limits of its. power the
Government may do some useful work
by defending the army against the im- '
pudent language of its representatives
and against. iii.- at.l3.oJtj: of its enemies |
by" causing respect tor "the" magistrates '
and their decisions and by the protect J
tion of the Dreyfus murt-martial |
against the menaces of some and the
flatteries of others"."
It is rumored that Parliament will bo
prorogued within a few days to- enable
the Government to carry out its pro
gramme unhampered.
The actual names of the officers who
are to be transferred will not be pub
licly known until they appear In the
official journal. There is good author- '
LOOKS MORE LIKE WAR IN THE TRANSVAAL
BATTERY OF MOUNTAIN ARTILLERY ON THE MARCH IN NATAL.
BLOEMFONTEIN, June 23.
The Vblksraad of the Orange
Free State has voted $49,350 for
the increase of artillery, tents and
other military supplies. A reso
lution was adopted directing the
Government to adopt the Mau
ser rifle as the national weapon.
The Volksraad also voted
Si 1 2.500 for ammunition and
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JUNE 24, 1899.
Ity fc-r the statement that (Jenera.ls
Mercier. Gdnze and Do Pellieux will not
be included!
Tt Is announced that the Dreyfus
trial will be absolutely public. Former
President Casimir-Perier, General Mer
cier, who was Minister of War when
Dreyfus was condemned, and many
other prominent men have taken apart
ments at Rennes.
ZOLA TO DRAMATIZE
THE DREYFUS CASE
Play of the Novelist's Creation Will
Receive Its First Presentation
in New York.
NEW YORK, June -The world
famous Dreyfus case is to he drama
tized, and by none other than the man
who has figured in it so prominently—
th«vcolf»br*»te<l novelist find. playwright,
Smile Zola. . Zola's American repre
sentative, Edmund Gerson, signed a
contract yesterday with a well-known
theatrical manager whereby Zola is to
weave a five-act drama around the
trials and tribulations of the French
army ofTicpr.
Mr. Gerson transmitted Ki.ono francs
to /."la ;<s r>;irt payment, li.- received a
li-i<-.f cable dispatch from Zola last
night acknowledging receipt of the
Continued "ti Second Page.
$199,750 for other war material.
Trade with (ape Town and Jo
hannesburg is at a comparative
stands! ill.
The dcrmans, who are in sym
pathy with the Transvaal, arc
holding meetings at which they
adopted resolutions urging Ger
many to intercede in behalf of
Pretoria.
NO WARRANT
NEEDED TO
ARREST MEN
The Liberty of the Citizen
Does Not Exist in
Idaho.
MERE NOjTsUFFICES
When a State Officer Orders, Inno
cent Men Are Thrown Into
the Bull Pen.
Pp#clal Pippatrh to The ' ill,
Having suspended the writ of
habeas corpus in time of peace it
is, perhaps, not surprising thai the
men in authority under martial
law in Idaho should forego the
formality of a warrant in arrest
ing men whom it is deemed de
sirable to silence or put out of
the way for a season. The liberty
of the citizen, clearly, is not of
particular consideration. If he j
aoes not direct his sympathies in i
a way satisfactory to the powers
that be he is not permittea to
have sympathies at ail — and keep
out of jail.
WALLACE, Idaho. Juno 23.—
Sensational scenes were en
acted in court to-day. At
torney Reddy. in presenting
his motion to set aside the In
dictments against the miners, severely
criticized the action of Coroner France
in summoning grand jurors whom he
knew to be biased, and who had pub
licly expressed opinions as to the de
fendants* guilt.
In support of the motion the affi
davits of the defendants were filed, in
each of which it is alleged that France
is a. bitter enemy of the accused; that
he is an employe of the Bunker Hill
Company; that he refused the defen
dants the right of counsel until they
were brought into court: that ho had
imprisoned t&eee v. ho had riot testified
as he desired, and thnt ho packed the
Grand Jury with persons he knew
would indict at his direction.
Franc- was subpenaed and asked to
take the witness-stand to explain his
action in summoning the Grand Jury,
but his counsel, who are the private
prosecutors employed by the Governor,
objected on technical grounds, which
were sustained by the court.
The prosecution are using every
means in their power to conceal the
infamous conduct of self-consti
CAPE TOWN, June 23.—
The British second-class cruiser
Doris, with Rear Admiral Sir
Robert Hastings-Harris, com
mander-in-chief of the Cape of
dood Hope and West African
squadron, left Simons Hay to
day for the east coast.
LONDON, /June 23.— -The Shropshire
Regiment has ordered to hold It
self in readiness f or. immediate em-
McNAUGHTON INVOLVED
IN AN OLD SCANDAL
SAN JOSE PEOPLE
WILL INVESTIGATE
McNaughton Said When Elected
That Stories Detrimental to
Him Would Be Sprung.
SAX JOSE, June ~">. —A thorough investigation of the charges made
against Professor James McNaughton, the new principal of the
Normal School, was commenced t<?-day by citizens. Prominent
men at Council Bluffs. la., have been communicated with, and as
Boon as they have been heard from a meeting will be called to
consider the matter. The Normal School has been an important factor in
San Jose's business life, as out of fiOO pupils enrolled 400 come fro-m other
parts of the State. These dispense considerable money for board and sup
plies, and the merchants realize that if the reputation of tho school be
hurt they would lose from $500 to $l(V)fl per month. The Trustees who
elected McNaughton are being openly condemned by the people, as is
Governor Gage, who is said to have Mood in with the plan to turn tho
school over to the politicians. Trustee Leavitt of Oakland was the leader
In the McNaughton boom. Trustees Short of Fresno and Brown and
Swelgert of this city also voted for the Arizona professor.
McNaughton is unknown here and was only in the city for a few
h'rurs on the day of his election. At that time he told several persons
stories detrimental to his character would be heard, but if he was given
a chance he would be able to clear them up.
Dr. H. C. Brown, chairman of thr- Normal School Trustees, says no
charges have been tiled against McNaughton and no attention will be
paid to reports unless charges are preferred.
John G. Jury and A. H. Suzzalo, the committee appointed to look into
McNaughton's character, will meet to-morrow morning and start in on
their work. Reports will he asked from lowa and Arizona. They will be
aided in the work by the entire alumni, and it will bo rushed along so
the result can be laid before the trustees at the meeting on July 10.
tuted authority. The plan of the mine
owners, aided by the Governor and his
subordinates, to railroad to the gal
lows and to the penitentiary those ac
rused is becoming more apparent
every day. Acting: under orders from
Acting Sheriff Sinclair, every one who
is suspected of giving assistance to the
defense is summarily thrown into the
Bull Pen.
To-day Thomas Henry, a former
Sheriff of Shoshone County, was ar
rested in the courtroom by a man who
said he had orders from Sinclair to
"send him down." Henry asked why
he "was arrested and if the man had
ii variant. He '■was told that lair's
order was all that was needed to arrest
any man. The real and only reason for
Henry's arrest was that he is a sym
pathizer with organized labor.
Last night 100 men were brought up
the canyon to take the places of mem
bers of the Miners' Union. They are to ]
go to work at the Standard, and are !
said to have been of the party which
came from Missouri, a portion of which I
is in Spokane and refuses to come fur
ther.
BUTTE, Mont.. June 23.— The miners' :
barkation for Cape Town.
The Secretary of State for the
Colonies, Joseph <"hamberlain, in the
House of Commons to-day. In answer
ing a question, denied that the Govern
ment was reinforcing the British troops
in South Africa to a total of 40,000 men.
A dispatch from Car" 5 Town to the
< lutlook sayp:
"The tension is extreme. Business Is
at a standstill and the general feeing
is that Knglnnd must promptly bring;
matters to an issue. The league will
have no difficulty in preventing meet
ings supporting Sir Alfred Milner's
union has been collecting subscriptions
to aid the union miners and their famil
ies in the Coeur d'Alenes. Governor
Smith sent $5. To-day the Governor
came to Buttr. lie was waited upon by
a committee who returned him his
money. The ground for the action was
that the Governor had approved the
course of General M err Jam in a letter
to that officer in allowing men to be
taken out of the State without requisi
tions to answer charges of rioting at
Wardner.
•■
MEN TO TAKE
PUCE OF STRIKERS
BURKE, Tdaho. June 23.— One hun
s"red and fc-ur miners arrived here last
nigrht from Joplin, Mo., to go to work
in thr Standard mine. They are the
first lot of m<*n importer] from the East
for this purpose, but will be followed by
others. The managers of the Standard
mine say they have 200 more men, who
will start for this place next week from
Missouri. All the men who came in last
f'nntinued On Second Paec.
attitude, the desire being: to refrain
from embarrassing the imperial au
thorities?
"The Orange Government is urging
the Transvaal to make further conces
sions. Many people consider that Sir
Alfred Milner's franchise proposals are
useless without the granting of twelve
seats in the mining centers and the
right to speak English in the Volks
raad. Otherwise it. will be impossible to
select representative men. Failing these
concisions, the Johannesburgers say
they prefer a treaty providing' security
and judicial and educational reforms."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
HIS RECORD
IN THE EAST
IS CLOUDED
His Friends Say He Was
Not Guilty of Wrong
Doing.
SOME PEOPLE DIFFER
The Pedagogue Went From Coun
cil Bluffs to Arizona to Gat
Away From Enemies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Neb., June 23.—
The ex-members of the
Board of Education of
Council Bluffs, Iowa, readily re-
call the fight about ten years ago
which resulted in the resignation
of James McNaughton as super-
intendent of the public schools.
They say he. had held the posi-
tion over five years, and that
prior to the time when a fight
was made upon him he was a
very successful instructor and
gave general satisfaction. The
reason for Dr. McNaughton's
resignation in 1890 was. given
this evening by Finley Burke, a
prominent citizen.
"In those days," Mr. Burke
said, ""the School Board was in
a constant wrangle, not only over
the s'uperintendency, but over
the treasurership. This fight was
invariably fostered by the banks,
which wanted to control the de-
posits of the school fund, and in
order to win one faction or the
other would bring the superin-
tendency into the fight, if by so
doing they could gain a point.
McNaughton was not the only
superintendent of schools to get
caught in this snare. For a term
of years the fight seemed to be
incessant; McNaughton was not
the bone of contention, lie was
rather the victim of the local jeal-
ousies incident to getting pos-
session of the school money. The
law. in recent years, has prevent-
ed such disgraceful proceedings,
which did needless injury to
good men other than McNaugh-
ton. My recollection is that
there was nothing in the charges
filed against him that reflected
upon his personal character, and
I never had personal knowledge
of any wrong-doing on Mc-
Naughton's part."
Your correspondent made in-
quiry of other citizens, who told
him that formal charges. of a seri-
ous nature were filed against Mc-
Naughton before the Board of
Education seriously reflecting
upon his personal character,, but
it -was too late to get at these
records.
Still other \'°a\ were inter-
viewed, and for' the most part
they had a good word to say for
McNaughton and he apparently
stands well in the community, re-
gardless of the specific charges
made against him.
Mr. Jenkins said: "It is an
outrage that this man should be
pursued in this way for ten years;
the last time they hunted him
down was when lie applied for a
school in Arizona, whither he
went to get out of reach of his
persistent enemies, and 1 told
them that if any man or set of
men should ever follow and
hound me as these men arc
hounding McXaughton I would
shoot them down in their
tracks."2
LARGEST TORPEDO
BOAT IN OUR NAVY
TME TORPEDO BOfiT STRINGHAM.
The Stringham; recently launched; is the largest torpedo boat in the United
£t;;tes ivy. and If to all Intents and purr/oses a torpedo-boat destroyer, from
her siz<-'. speed and armament. She Is 225 feel in length, 22 feet extreme breadth
;ind displaces 'y tons on a mean draught of BVs feet. The general feature of
the design is that of the English type of boats, but is not a close copy of
fort ipn plans, as has been th( case with the other torpedo boats i;. our navy,
but embodies many Ideas of American designers. The engines; are twin screw
vertical inverted triple expansion, designed to develop 72<h"i horsepower, or ICOO
more than the Fnrrngut, which Is calculated to drive the boat thirty knot an
hour at least. The battery is unusually heavy for a boat of that class, as In
addition to two deck-discharging tubes for eight en-inch Whitehead torpedoes she
mounts seven 6-potmder rapid-lire ffuns-^one, on top of each conning tower and
the other live on the deck.
Her complement is three commissioned officers, six warrant officers, four
petty officers ana thirty-two firemen and bluejackets. The era i't was built by Har
'.an .v Hollirig'sworth at their yard In Wllmiiifitonj Del., and the contract price, ex
clusive of ordnance and outfit; was $225,tV. ! 0. Her trial trip will lake place within
a few week?.
FRIENDS OF
DREYFUS ARE
IN POWER
ued from First Page.
money and promising to begin work on
the play In a tew ■■■ ording to
ment it is to be completed by
October. It will receive its first pre
• in in this city in January.
Whether or not Zola will make him
if the characters of the new
Is not known, but it it confidently
■ i he will. The play will be sen
Bational In the extreme. Mr. G<
;.::> s he cannot just yet divulge the
n-ne of tl ho has retained
CLAIMS DREYFUSITES
ATTEMPTED BRIBERY
NEW YORK, June I'"..— A Sun
from London says: A dispatch :•■ the
Morning Post n >m Paris .-ays that M.
Radical leader, de lared
in the lobby of the Chamber of Depu
n Friday that fifteen months ago
: | r and elections were
impending. They •1i * 1 not hu\> enough
t., support the party journal, the
Voltaire, or pay election expenses.
M.Mesureur Kootz ami lie had charge
of thi campaign, i >ne day thej r
ceived a visa from a representative of
sts, who i ffered them
fill the money they needed if the party
would ' ■mis.-. The of
fer ■• I. M. Baduel eventual
ly furnished funds. M. Beaumetz de
: liis Intention to announce ihe
and name the bankers' deleg <:•
in the chamber en Monday if neces
sary.
TWO MEN LAY CLAIM
TO AN ACRE OF LAND
Quarrel at Millwood That Bids Fair
to Result in the Shedding
of Blood.
MILL VALLEY, June 23.— A dispute
over ' ■ of land at
Millw 1 bids fair to result in bloodshed.
Thomas Deffenbach and Peter Gai
are the principals to the controversy.
Three months ago they had a disagree
over the ownership (•!' six acre.-.
They carried their troubles into the Su
perior Couri and Gardner triumphed.
iin Wednesda] evening Deffenbach
I'c.rni'ii thai Gardner was reaching out
more property and was buildl
■ i. triangular plat
ig that "\ er v hi< !
battle had been waged In court. Gather-
Ing together a few friends, he went to
thf Bpot with the Intention of destroying
The party had susl begun to
tear down ihe nail Inclosure.
a peremptory command to "halt"
came out of the dai companied
by the Bharp click of the locks of a pun.
M ■ Is emphatic order the pan
i am)
Deffenbach afterward armed himself
and repaired to the scene. He f^und no
there, .is the watchman probably
Ipa ted no >•■<■• - 1 i< J attack <m the same
The fence was demolished and
two armed guards Btatloned to se< that
■ ilt.
v terday Deffenbach constructed a
Bhani . ■ over which he and
. r were quarreling and ha;- since
■ of his time there. It is
proph< ■ Gardner will not surren
der without a struggle, . tho
authi terfere a collision can have
but one * tm ; : :iir.
COURT-MARTIAL OF
PAYMASTER WILCOX
Findings of the Naval Tribunal For
warded to the Department at
Washington.
VALLEJO, June 23 The court-martial
Captain C. S. Cotton, president, and
Captain A. S. McLemoore, U. s. M. c.,
advocate- convened to try Paymas
ter VV. I!. Wilcox upon a charge of "con
duct unbecoming an officer :u:d a Ben
in" while un'i'': • ace of In
toxlci on Wednesday. The ac
cused pleaded K'lilty, but entered a
men) of i xtenuating circumstances, which
v.,1.- forwarded together with the recom
mendation of the court the same after
noon.
VVllcox gained a great deal of notoriety
about a year ago throuph remarks re
; t>i have been made by him at a
<iin:i< r In Honolulu, reflecting upon the
character of the wife >>f Captain WTiit
■ '. S. N.. formerly Misa Afons of 11".
nolulu. He was ordered to the hospital
hi re some two months ago, Buffering from
nervous prostration, largely due, it Is
to worry over the d< nrspaper arti
cle mentioned.
WILL NOT HANDLE FRUIT
Denial of Reports Regarding the
Plans of Armour.
NEW YORK, June 2.1.— A Tribune spe- '
da] from Chicago says: Philip D. Armour
. intention of going Into the fruit;
business, as press reports from New York
hav< it. He Is In Europe himself, but
v.t:<:i Inquiry concerning his alleged am
bition to control the southern fruit output!
v.;is made George J. Brine said:
"There is no truth <>! any kind what
ever in the report. It is absolutely with
out foundation,"
■ of the Karl Fruit f'ompany !
;ind of Porter Urus. Fruit Company who
were mentioned i:i the report have never
heard of siwh a thins: and al tho office of
the Continental Fruit Express no one I
would talk of the matter.
NO WARRANTS
NEEDED TO
ARREST MEN
O ntinu •■! fiom First I'pst-
ni.uhi have ;; ; .!;"ii oui permits and .:•■
in work to-morrow. The mine
■ > advanc< . ; railroad fan a for tin
mers, t!i • men ail signing con- i
tra< is to go to w< rk as B""ii as landed ■
;:■ :■
When the m*n were going ap the
on near I •• m, Martin and Anthony
Schilh r. Tv i men who claim to be n a
;«■ remarks w Inch
■ ' erhead b; one of the numerou:
Deputy Sh riffs, who took off*
thereat, ai d the S< hiller broth >rs were
BO °n in custody and :nar ihing Loward
bul pen" at Wardner. The pres
ence of troops h< ■:>• prevents any com
ments on the part of the public, as it
Btood that arrests will follow
the flrst uik-i mplimentary [■•■mark ca
cerning the new mm- rs.
SANTA CLARA HIGH
SCHOOL COMMENCEMENT
Class Composed Mainly of Students
Who "Struck" in San Jose
Last Year.
San j< )sk. ji ,r of
Santa Clara High School class at the
Conservatory Hall .it the LTniversitj of
the Pacific this evening was a notable
The place was crowded by par
and friends of the pupils. Additional in-
M centered in the exercises !-••
about two-thirds of th>- graduates were
pupils from this citj who Btruck when
Proressoi Smith was dismissed from the
ol on account of poiitii s \.n
unusuaj quantity of flowers was presi
• graduates. A lit,.' musical and lit
erary programme was render* i as fol
lows:
rture, Santa Clara On hestra; I ivi ration.
!; ">- -l B. Heaco k . salutatory, "The Ezo."
- ■ ■ S ing "
tho Celestine Quartet, Misses Eva Stiiison. Mi'i
dreth Spencer. Elsie Tooker, Laura Nelson;
le Dangers Threat»ning Our
■ ." •'■ altei I ;:•.!■ Inei . essay • ti< "
Mary Fred Hite; solo, "The W odland Sere-
Miss Laura Llnvllle: essay, '"Poetry
an.! Nature." Lillian Becca; essay. 'Act
Thy Part." Gertrude Cdbk; Instrumental duet,
haufpr Grand March," Clarence l;;ikiT
Arch Perrin; oration, "The Anglo-American
Alliance," I><- Witt Wiley; \ "Mag-
Mabel Edna KimLall; '•Lullaby,"
i'-stine Quart-:.
Professor J.. R. Smith, principal of tho
I, presented diplomas to tii<- follow
graduates: Chloe Anderson, Clarence
•r, Nellie Barnhart, Edith Barrc
Fred Blake, De Estraye Boyd Lotta
Bragg, Hayden Butterfleld, Gertrude
Chriatman, T. Kuma, Faye Lightbody
Eva Mclntyre, Olive McMahon, Arthur
-McN.il, Irene Molle, Chester Naramore
Percy Nichols. Cecile Osborne vrrti
Perrin, Cora Ripley, Lillian Rocca Au-
Roll, Alice Schumacher, Raymond
Squires, Edith Stahl, Genevieve Starbuck
Percy Steeves. Maud Tetro. Charles'
Townsend, Amy Walton, De Witt W'l ■•■•
Charles Wooster. Emma Wflght, Gterl
< ook. Charles Crittenden, Charles Cuah-
Ing, Albert de Witt. Alice Edwards Ger
trude Edwards, Harry Foss Arthur
Fruhling, Walter Gardner. Josephin. He
pert, Al-e Harris. Annie Harrower May
Hayward. Mary F. Hite, Mamie Flook-
Ing, Marion Hor. .JToe Jollyman, Car-y
Joseph, Emle Kelser, Mabel Kimball, Pol
lie Knapp and Harry Krick
WILL FIGHT THE EFFORT
TO EXTRADITE MRS. RICH
She Claims the Charges Are a Plot of
Mexicans to Secure Her
Property.
AUSTIN, Tex.. June 23.— Mrs. J. D.
Rich, who is In jail at El Paso, charged
With the murder of her husband in
Juarez, Mexico, has appealed to Governor
Bayers to resist her extradition by the
Mexican authorities. Governor Payers
sent the following telegram to Secretary
of State John Hay al Washington to-day:
"In the matter of extradition of Mrs J.
I). Rich, now fn jail at El Paso Texas'
upon Mexican demand. I have to request
that no final action be taken until the
authorities of this State can have an >>p
portunlty to thoroughly investigate and
present the fa. is to yoilr department."
rhe following reply was received fmm
Secretary <>f State Hay: "The Rich case
is not yet before this department for acl
tlon. When it comes we will delay action
ror a reasonable time to enable the State
authorities to present the matter to the
department."
It is alleged by Mrs. Rich that her pro
posed extradition Is a plot on the part of
the Mexican authorities to retain pos
session of her wealth and property
STRIKE ABOUT OVER.
Cleveland Street Car Men Accepting
Company's Terms.
CLEVELAND, June 2.T— There are'-
Btrong Indications to-night that the- street i
railway strike is In a fair way to be set
tl< l. notwithstanding the flat refusal i
yesterday of the strikers, to accept the !
terms offered by the company, which was
that about SO per cent of the old men
would be taken bach ;it once, but that !
none "f the non-union men now at work
would be released. The strikers houi an- i
"th< r meeting tornlght and issued an uiti- '
ma turn, which is a practical aceptance of ;
the company's term;;.
They propose that the company retain
one hundred of its present employes, and
that all of the old men, less this number, '
be reinstated with an understanding that
hereafter grievances of the men may be
submitted by a committee appointed from
their number. This the company will not
oppose. A conference of the opposing i
forces will be held to-morrow morning.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JI T NE 24, 1899.
WORRYING OVER
AUTOMOBILE CUP
Many Provisions of Con
test Look Doubtful
CHICAGOANS ARE ALL AT SEA
— ♦ —
DO NOT KNOW WHAT WILL UL
TIMATELY BECOME OF IT.
Aside From This It Is Considered
That tht Prize Is Too Small to
Warrant the Sending of
Carriages Abroad.
Special Dispatch t i The Call.
CHICAGO, June 23.— Chicago manu
facturers • ■;• automobile carriages have
as yet found no direct objectfon to any
of the proposals of th«.- international
ra> so far as they go, but feel they
are noi full enough to cover all ques
tions that will have to be decided in
connection with the race. Some of the
conditions are r< garded as obscure.
Whether (he cup is to remain in the
keeping at the French club for all time,
!! " matter who held it nominally us a
prize, or whether some other purpose
was intended by the provision, they van
noi ;;■
They feel, however, that the cup
should remain In actual possession of
the winner until another wins it. when
it should be passed along. The provi
sion about challenges is satisfactory,
as also [ s the condition providing that,
in case the i lub holding the cup should !
dissolve, the trophy shall pas.- to the
:• ading club i I the same country as
the .mm. r. The provisions about the
of contest and distance are about
the ■ > .♦■ thai cause thought in
Chicago. Manufacturers doubt if any
club will feel like going to the expense
1 C s< ;■•'■■■ - n achines abroad t.> com
n • race for a cup worth only
whon the expense will be much!
grcatei than any material benefit the
' lub i .in hope to attain.
EDISON WORKING FOR
AUTOMOBILES
NEW i'ORK, Juno 23.— A Sun spe
cial from Orange, N. J., says: Thomas
A. Edison is working on plans to make
automobile vehicles cheap and • ■<■'>-
cal. What his plans are or how the
Edison motoi carriages are to be pro
pelled Mr. Edison Is not ready to say,
but that lie will succeed in turning out
something better than anything yet
placed on the market he is confident H
laughs at the French Idea oi motor tri
cycles, and declares he will turn out ;i
tri :■ ■ if whi< ii i an be sold .it a low price
and which will run 150 miles without
I- Ing i■ i hargi d. !!<• is looking for Bim
p ■ Ity, and he say? he will not be sat
isfied with anything that a child can
no! safely operate and that will nut be
entirely noisi less.
1»n thi su |ect of automobiles in K"n
eral Mr. Edison is enthusiastic. When
his automo tile is perfected, Mr. Edison
I says, the price of a buggy or a two
seated carriage ■■'•ill i« less than that
of a good team <~f horses, and it will
cosi only one-flfth as much fur maln
: tenant <■.
"Charron's machine," said Edison,
"was built fur roads in his own coun :
1 try, where they have billiard tables t<>
i ride iii. When he gets over here he
will K'-x Btuck in the mud and Winton
will run away from him. Until six
months as^ the French automobile was
ahead of the American, but in the last ;
six months we have made wonderful
progress in this idt-a and in the nf>xt
six months we shall be ahead of the
world."
Of his exp< riments with the automo
bile Mr. Edison would r.'u talk, al
though he admitted he had been at
work for several month.-; In an attempt
to improve on the machine s now in use.
For six months he has been shut up in
his workfhi p, devoting his entire time
to Improving a number of his inven
tions.
MAY ESTABLISH A
CO-OPERATIVE SMELTER
Union Men Seriously Considering the
Opening and Operation of a
Larg-e Plant.
DENVER, June 2:!. -The situation so far
as fh< relations between the smelters and
their employes is concerned seems to be
unchanged. No movement has been made
by either si<l<- toward a settlement, so far
as can be learned.
The Smelter Men's Union held its re^u
lar weekly meeting to-night, remaining in
session until a late hour. Th<- meeting
was secret, but it ta rumored that the
principal rr.,;;t-r under discussion was the
proposition to establish an independent
smelter <>n a co-operative basis, it has
been suggested that a donation of $] per
capita from the American Federation of
Labor and the Western Federation of
Miners would be ample to erect and oper
ate a very large plant. The officers of' the
union refused to confirm the rumor, but
it Is stated <,n pood authority that the
matter has been discussed.
MISS WESSON LEADS.
SAX ANDREAS, Juno 23.— The race for
goddess of liberty is growing exciting.
The contest will close to-morrow night at
!< o'clock. At 9 o'clock to-night, the last
count before the clnsinp of the polls was
made, Miss Annie McSorley, Miss Tessie
Wesson and Miss Magplr Casey still are
leading the race, although Miss Wesson
has made remarkable Rains and to-nigiit
has taken the lead from Miss MeSorl'oy
It is claimed by the friends and support
ers of each that to-morrow has surprises
in store.
The goddess will be supplied with a
beautiful costume by the committee of
arrangements. As each oYie of the lead
ers has a host of friends the final result
is a matter of uncertainty.
Running In conjunction with the god
dess of liberty contest is one among the
young men. There are two candidates
for "Goddess of the Calithumpians"—
Commodore W. H. Clary and S. Endeavor
Redmond, with the latter holdins a strong
load to-night.
HIS PENSION TOO LARGE.
Helpless Veteran Makes a Request
for a Decrease.
WOOSTER, Ohio, June 23.— A special
agent of the Pension Department In
Washington was here to-day Investigating
a very novel pension claim. John ('. Hul
linges, a helpless pensioner, is receiving
$72 'a month. Recently he wrote to the
department in Washington that he was
receiving too large a pension— that 5".3
would be sufficient. He is entirely help
less and requires an attendant.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, June 23.
Ftn-.r State of California. Goodall. hours
from Portland and Astnrln.
BAILED.
■ Friday. June 23.
Stmr Mackinaw, L!tt!pn>ld. Tacoma.
DOMESTIC PORT.
TACOMA— Arrived June 23— Stmr DirißO, fin
Alaska. • ■,
Called June 23— Schr George \V Watson, for
Tahiti.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 23— Strr.r Luea
nia. from Llveroool and Quenstown.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived June 23— Stmr Au
gusta Victoria, from New York, via Cherbourg,
for 1 1... ii1/iii'!.'.. .
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived June 23 — Stmr
Campania, from New York, for Liverpool.
BRISBANE— SaiIed June 23— Slmr Aorungi,
for Vancouver. •;.'.■:::-•>:
HENRY B. PLANT
CALLED BY DEATH
HENRY BRADLEY PLANT.
NEW Y(»RI\. June 23.— Henry Bradley Plant, president of the Plant Invest
ment Company, controlling the great system of hotels and railroads on the west
of Florida and the line of steamers from Tampa io Havana, died suddenly of
heart failure to-night at his residence in this city.
Mr. Plant, who was in his eightieth year, had not been in the best of health
for several years, but, except during brief intervals of illness, was actively en
gaged m tli«- direction of his vast enterprises up to within a few hours of his
d< ath.
NEWS IN REALTY WORLD
The real estate market continues ■ in ■ • > .
and this condition will continue until
about the middle of September, say the
brokers, many of v.h"ni are already pre
paring tn leave th<- tit y on their Bummsr
vacatl ms. Still, whih there is no lenying
the fad that the market la dull, with lit
t!» demand for property of any descrip
tion, there is enough doing to preveni ab
solute stagnation. Sales arc being re
corded daily, and although they are for
;h<- most part small the aggregate
reaches a fair sum, especially for this
.■•:,: .in of the- year.
Money appear; to be unusually plenti
ful a:iu buy* rs as a rule prefer to pay
cash for their purchases instead <>f th<
usual custom of part cash and the rest on
installments. Jn fact, the Bavings banks
ha.v< more money than can be well placed
to advantage, and one result of this im
usual condition of affairs is the recent
action of the German Savings Hank In
reducing the amount which it will iccept
from an Individual depositor to $3m>o. This
will seriously interfere with the practice
of many interior banks which have '-.een
in in.- habit of Bending their surplus cah'a
to the city tor deposit In local institu
tions, where it could draw Interest and
at the game time be Quickly available
when needed.
There has been no special activity in
building circles during the past week.,
but the trades are nevertheless n a
healthy condition. .Mure than the usual
amount of remodeling and renovating ot
....I buildings is going on, and several
lending arcnitects are engaged upon plans
for new modern buildings whicli down
town property owners contemplate erect-
Ing in the m ar I uture.
Mrs. Charlotte Clarke will on July 1
begin the erection of a magnificent seven
story hotel and store building on the
property at the corner of Mason and
O'Parrell streets. The plans have been
prepared by Albert Button and provide
for a handsome structure, which will be
an ornament to th< neighborhood and one
of th-- finest buildings of the kind in the
city. The ground floor v.-vi be devoted
entirely to stores, while tne rest of the
building will be fitted up as a hotel and
will contain about 120 rooms.
Shalnwald, Buckbee & Co. have sold the
Dr. Hastings place "ii the north lino of
Pacific avenue. I^7 feet west of Cough
.street, to R. Spreckels. The property has
a frontage of thirty-six feet on Pacific
avenue and a depth of 14.") feet s inches,
and Includes a fine residence. The price
Is not given, hut it is und< rstood to bo
in the neighborhood of $18,000. The same
firm also reports the following sales (lur
ing the week: Southwest corner of Wal
ler and Fillmrtre. 2,'ixNi:;; and lot adjoin
ing, M. Schulte to P. Trethei, $4300; im
proved property on the east line of jje
visadero street, between Pacific and
Broadway, 65:5%x157%, Dr. R. A. McLean
to Airs. Barah i... Lortin; ai.su aujuuiui«
lot of the same size to W. S. Davis and
the lot to the south of the last named and
of the same size to Clinton Jones. The
lot purchased by Mrs. Coffin is ou the cor
ner of Broadway. The corner of Pacific
avenue and Devlsadero was purchased by
Mrs. S. M. Spooner last fall. The aggre
gate price received for the above lots
and improvements was -$60,000. Mrs.
Spooner has already begun to erect
buildings on her lot in accordance with
plans prepared by Cogshead & Cogshead,
architects. Plans for houses to be erected
on the Jones property are now being pre
pared.
The sale of the fifty-foot lot on the
north line of Washington street, between
Locust and Spruce street^, by the estate
of G. H. Roe to Joseph E. Green for JSOOO,
was yesterday confirmed by Judge Troutt
of the I'robate Court. Mr. Green will
at once begin the erection of a handsome,
brick residence on the site.
FatHfcr Crowley of the Youth's Direc
tory, representing the Catholic church
has Bold through A. M. Speck & Co. a
lifty-loot lot and frame building on the
south side of Turk street. The name of
the buyer and the price paid are not
given.
G. 11. I'mbpf-n & Co. report the follow
ing recent sales:
Forty-nine lots in the .Marion tract
of the German Savings and Loan So
ciety at Waller, Steiner. Pierce, For
t«ola and Carmelita streets; improve
ments at 1320 Golden Gate avenue and
lot o*i:9 by 137:6, Berwin estate, to Dr.
M. A. Cachot; improvements nt L'iJl9
Octavia street and hit 2."i by IS feet
James D. Phelan et al. to T. T. Wil
liams; Ferdinand Reis to John L Ko.s
ter, lot 20 by :<74:S and 422 feet bounded
by Twenty-second, Illinois and Michi
gan streets; Ferdinand Reis to Claus
Spreckeis, lot fronting !to:4';> feet on
Michigan street and 92:7% feet on Illi
nois street by 2«mj feet deep; Louis
Rosenberg to Mrs. E. A. Judson, im
provements and lot 45 by SO feet, situ
ated on the northeast corner of O'Far
rell and Loavenworth streets; George
Tourney to Edmjind, Burke, Improve
ments 131 C York street and lot 2'] by
UK) feet; Krnnia C. Wagner to Amelia
A. Mayer, improvements 2141 Lombard
street and lot 27: Cby (i 0 feet; Mary A
E. Walsh to H. ]•:. Bothin, improve
ment and lot 20 by SO feet, southwest
line of First street 30 feet southeast
of Howard; Joseph M. Wood estate to
Frederick R. Drinkhouse, lot ;{~:6 by
137:15 fret on the southeast corner of
VallejO and SU'lner streets; Rachael
Beerman to William L. Hughson lot
35 by 14G;^H- feet on north line of Clay
street, 137:0 east of Cherry; Rachael
Beerman to Bdson W. A. Waterhouse
lot 35 by 142 feet on north line
of Clay, 172:(") feet east of L'herry
Thomas Connolly and wife to Thomas
Kerrigan, improvements and lot 25:3 x
80, southwest ' corner Twenty-fourth
and Sanchez streets; Mrs. Daniells to
H. E. Bothin, improvements and lot
25x100, southwest corner of Folsom
street and Hampton place; Sherman T.
Eade to Peter Tamony, improvements
78 or 418 Bernal avenue, and lot 25x97:6;
Cambrian Hall Association to Knights
of the Red Branch Hall Society,
Improvements and lot 50x35 feet south
oast line of Mission. 275 southwest of
Seventh; Thomas McCarthy to Charles
Katz, Improvements and lot 35x40 feet
northeast corner of Green and T;«ylor
streets: Julia God si] to Ed McGrath,
improvements 22 Pearl street and lot
22x80; E. A. Heydenfeldt to E. P. Dueh
ein, lot "ii north line of Pacific street,
101% feet west of .Dupont, 30x137:6, with
an I- 20x72; Flinn et al. to H. E.
Bothin, improvements and lot 30x80,
northwest line of Natoma street, 425
southwest of Third; also Improvements
H':d lot 30x137:6 feet on northeast line
of Eighth street, 165 southeast of
Howard; also lot on southwest corner
of Eighth and Howard streets, 16x75;
also lot on southwest corner of Eighth
and Tehama streets, 42:8x122, with an
I- 37:6x22; Annie L. Kelly to A. Shen
son, improvements and lot 25x90 feet
on southeast line of Folsom street, 125
northeast of Sixth; Charles Katz to
Thomas McCarthy, lot 27x96:10^6 feet
on west line of Clayton street 32~north
of Frederick; Miss M. Bannon to M. J.
KetTy, lot 30x114. on north line of
Twenty-afth street, 50 east of Castro;
Mrs. Howry to James Gaughran. lot
on east line of Folsom street. 155
pouth of Twenty-third, 31x122:6 feet;
Jorge de Urioste to 1.. G. Luuder lot
25xhO feet, oh Irregular east line of
Buena Vista avenue, 100 feet, more or
less, north of Ridley; W. H. Mules hy
to J. D. Flaherty; lot S2:Sxl on
southeast corner of a street and
Eighth avenue: Mary E. Martin to
Calvin E. Knickerbocker lot 27:t;x!.»0
on east line of Broderick street 110
south of Oak; 11 lots at Noe, Henry
and Fourteenth streets, to various
buyers; Evelyn L. Fulton to Peter
Tamony, lot 50x100 on north line of :■.'•■-•
street. 30 west of Crauti Thomas L.
Henderson to John 1,, Herget, lot Lsx
-122:6 on east line of Shotweil street.
110 north of Fifteenth; M. Cook and
wife to Margaret T. Ziegler. improve
ments at 121.-123 Liberty street and ! it
25x114; W. li. Crocker to W. D. K.
Gibson, improvements 2112 Broadway,
and lot 17:6x1 17 •" distant 90 feet west Dl
Buchanan street: J. H. Dcnohoe to Miss
Pressli lot 2.'.x54 on east line of V.I
pine sir. t 123 north of Ridley; Wil
liam Raise h to David Beidler Im
provements nt ! 06-1408 Grove street
.-Mid lot 50x137:C, with an L 25x37:6: R.
H. Kavanaugh to William .1. Deve
reaux, Improvements at 214-214% Noe
street and lot 25x110; E. Dakin to De
borah M. Campbell. improvements it
£59 Fell street. 41;3xl20; Mrs. Marchand
to Emily Power, Improvement!" at 1217
Filbert street and lot 27x127:fi feet*
Joseph Figol to Thomas W. Fisher
. lot 25x210. situate west line Thirty
seventh [avenue and east line of
Thirty-eisrhth avenue. 275:4 south of B"
Capital Building and T>oan Associa
tion, to J. F. Klley. improvements 470
Douglas street, and lot 55x100; Cath
erine Downs eptntc to Winnifred Mc-
Gowan, Improvrrentß. 115 William
SfiftS*' !irKi lnl 25*37:2: Dunn estate to
William Giselmnn. Improvements and
lot 40x57:6 feet, southwest corner Page
and Octavla; Dunn estate to Andrew
Downey, Improvements and lot 25x-0
northwest Minna street, 3!W feet north
east Third.
They also have in process of con
summation several other sales one of
$200,000. one of $50,000. one of $75 000
David Bush, manager of the country de
partment of G. H. rmbsen & Co. re
ports the following sales made during the
past week:
Twenty-eight acres near Corona sta
tion, In Sonoma County; 'Mnrtin Homers
to J. Barelli. $4009; nine acres of fruit land
near Los Gatos. Fanny Webber to W. N
Russell; 110 acres with Improvements * in
cluding twenty-five acres in orchard, near
Placerville. El Dorado County " Mrs
Smith to W. A. Perry. $1200: four arid a
half acres in San Pablo grant near San
Pablo. p. Scanlan to Manuel Rose SSoi"
ten acres with Improvements, near Mar
tinez, E. A. Kean to E. Wotherall. $15W
fifty-six acres near Santa Rosa.tsold Jbv
Mrs. W. Martin for $^,00. • "Af- ? J
C lO Kerwin; property, consisting of
.WI acres, located in the Castro Yilley
In Alamed;. County, will be sold nt nun
«pft in "UhdivMoDß " y Easton. EMridge
& Co. to-day at Hay wards.
SADLER APPEARS TO GAIN.
CARSON CITY. June 23.— T0-day'g re
suits in the governorship contest favored
Sadler. The Storey County count waiT re
sumed this morning. In the First Ward
of Virginia City Sadler objected to 20 hni
lota and McMillan ro 18; in the Second
Ward; Sadler 11; McMillan 6. The Thirl
"Ward proved good ground for Sadler a
number of disfigured ballots came to lieht
Sadler objected to 23. McMillan to 7 -At
the concluspn of the Storey County re
count McMillan's attorneys moved that all
the votes of Storey County be thrown out
on the ground that juopf-r care had not
been taken of them and that - proper
foundation for their introduction had not
been made, Sadler's attorneys countered
by offering objections on " the same
grounds to the admission of all ballots
so far counted by McMillan. The count in
Storey County developed 127 objections by
Sadler and 33 by McMillan. cuons *>y
Sadler expects to close his case en Tues
day, as there remain only small pre
cincts in Esmeralda rind i-,lko counties to
BO over. The court has reserved all de
cisions until the end of the introduction
of testimony. ■
NATHANIEL BEAL GONE.
SAN ANDREAS, June 23.— Nathaniel
Beal, an old and respected citizen of this
county, died at his country home to-day
He is the father of C. K. Beal, an officer
in the San Francisco Custom-house and
proprietor of the Calaveras Weekly Citi
zen plant.
SHIPPING FRUIT
BY WELLS-FARGO
Fresno Growers Adopt
an Innovation.
RESULTS OF EXPERIMENTS
FEASIBILITY OF THE PLAN
DEMONSTRATED.
Necessity of Refrigeration Done Away
With, and the Orchardist Is En
abled to Select a Market
Himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Juno 2.:.— Growers of green
fruit in this county have devised a new
method of defeating the cupidity of the
n frigerator car combine. The plan is
to ship their products by express and
thereby do away altogether with the ne
cessity of refrigeration. An agreement
has been enti red Into with the Wells-
Fargo Company by which the growers
have obtained reduced rates on all ship
ments of grt en fruit.
The plan was devised early in the
season by H. V. Armitage and a number
of the local growers. Small consignments
of green fruits were sent to various parts
of the United States as an experiment,
and the returns left no doubt as to the
feasibility of the plan, it has been im
possible to fill the orders which have been
received during the lost few days.
The fruit shipped so far has been for
the most part apricots, peaches, plums
and figs. Sime of these have been sent
as ;'ar East as Chicago and New Or
leans and were found to be in good con
dition upon their arrival. It is the Inten
tion to send carload consignments of fruit
to Chicago and Minneapolis In competi
tion with the refrigerator companies.
The chief advantage of the plan accrues
to the small grower. Heretofore it has
been necessary under the refrigerator sys
tem to send a whole carload or none'at
all. Un;!<T the express plan a few boxes
at a time may be sent. The result is
that wh'-re the small grower heretofore
has been limited to the local market,
which is often glutted, he now has opened
to him all the cities of the Western
States am! even Chose as far East as
Chicago and New Orleans.
COMPANY C TO MARCH
DOWN THE MOUNTAINS
Will Tramp From Nevada City to
Sacramento to Aitend a Fourth
of July Celebration.
SACRAMENTO. June 23.— Word has
been received at the office of the adjut
ant general that Company C, Second
Infantry, N. G. C, of Nevada City, will
attend the Fourth of July celebration
in this city, and that it will march the
entire seventy miles, stopping at the
different towns along the route.
The members of the company are en
thusiastic over the proposition of a
military march through the mountains,
' and feel that the trip will tend to a
i certain degree to harden them into solr
diers. They realize that the weather is
I apt to be pretty warm, but there are no
; weak ones in the company, and all are
eager for the trip.
The plan is to assemble at the armory j
at Nevada City at 8 o'clock on Wednes- :
day evening, June 28, and to commence
the march at 2 o'clock the following
Thursday morning. The expectation is |
that the company will arrive at Au
burn, flacer County, over thirty miles
from Nevada I'ity, in the evening- of!
Thursday. A reception will be given to :
the soldiers t Auburn, and. it is said,
the tntin town will turn nut to greet
and entertain them. Brigadier General j
T. W. Sheehan, retired, of this city,
Colonel J. W. Gjuthrie and .staff and
Major \Y. W. Douglas and staff of the
Third Brigade >■ iii meet the company
at Auburn in time to take part in the |
reception.
On Friday the company expects to
march 'vt- miles to Newcastle, com
pleting the thirty miles to Sacramento
on Saturday.
Company C '■iPims to be the oldest
military organization in the State.
many of its members having first en
listed when the company was formed
in 1563. and not a few of these are now
serving theii eleventh enlistment. The
company will be the guest of the city
arid the general committee on celebra
tion on the Fourth of July.
LOS ANGELES AFTER
STATE CONVENTIONS
Seeks to Corral All of the Bis? Politi
cal Gatherings of Next
Year.
LOS ANGELES. Juno 23.— 1t is not Ren- |
erally known outside of a limited tew. !
whose business 'it ha.s been to keep u« •
j with the facts, that Los Angeles already
lias a big convention planned for 1900. The
gathering in question will be the biennial I
convention of the State League of Re
publican Clubs. . i
Arthur W Kinney! who has for years j
been one of the prime movers in ihe j
league, having been for one term . at its
■ bead, to-day said the next convention j
I would bring to Los Angeles at least 2jOJ ;
delegates and their friends. A Presiden
i tial campaign will be (ought next year
; and there will be more interest In the
league than might be expected under or
dirary Circumstances. ■ '
The convention fast year decided at San
Francisco by an overwhelming vote in fa '
I vor of Los Angeles as the next place tor
the gathering. Nearly j(X)0 delegates vert
! then in i ttenfianoi . The time for hoi iing
I the Los Angeles meeting was not set. The !
executive committee ni the league has >
that matter in charge and prbbabl;.' will
■ mi ■ I for the purpose before the end "of the
I ear.
i It is stated in this connection that an :
I organized attempt will also be made to
1 obtain for Los Angeles next year both the
| Republican and the Democratic Stato
conventions, neither of which has i.-ome I
| south of Tehachapi for a dozen years.
| Republicans insist that their State "con- I
: ven'.ior. undoubtedly '-.in be secured be- I
cuute the league club gathering will by i
I held re.
GIVES BIRTH TO FOUR BABES.
Little Ones Dip Soon After Coming
Into the World.
BPRINGFIEIvD, Ohio. June 23.— Mrs.
Potts, wife of Levi Potts, a laborer of
Mechanlcsburg, north of this city nst
nitfht gave hirth to four well-developej :
babies— three l".ys and one- xirl. All of
them died shortly after i>"»th.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh stre.t. corner Mission. Pa!t
water direct from the reran.
ADVEKTISEME& T3.
"He is Wise Who
Talks But Little."
This is only a half truth. If wise men
fiad held their tongues, we should know
nothing about the emulation of ihe blood.
If it were not for this advertisement you
might never know that Hood's Sar&apa.-
rilla is the best blood medicine.
MINERS REPORTED
TO HAVE PERISHED
Startling Rumor From
Guaymas.
THIRTY GOLD-SEEKERS LOST
SAID TO HAVE SUCCUMBED TO
THIRST.
Some Doubt Cast Upon a Tale of
Suffering in Quest of Riches
of the Sierra
jPintada.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN ItIEGO. June 23.— J. P. Cantlin of
this city, one of the charterers of the
schooner Thomas S. Negus, has received
a letter from the purser of the vessel. L.
J. Allen, dated June IT. the day the St.
Denis left San Rogue Bay for this port.
Mr. Allen wrote .iust before tl c St. Penis
sailed, fie had .just returned from a
visit to Captain Geronimo Rlberra of the
schooner Albina, which had arrived from
Guaymas, Mexico, with $5000 w«.rth of
merchandise for trading and six passen
gers.
Captain Rlberra brought the report that
! a party of thirty Mexicans who had 1.-ft
s ,- 1 1 1 Ignaclo landing, on the gulf side,
! about forty days before to go overland to
I the mines bad lost Its way. and that the
i entire party had perished of thirst. Their
1 corpses, according to the report, ha! b< • n
| discovered on the desert by another party.
There was a great deal of excitem> i ; at
! Guaymas over the reported discoveries ;it
1 Sierra Pintada. and parties were being or
ganized almost daily to go overland to the
'Colorado River, thence down tne river to
i San Ignaclo Lagunas and overland u> the
I mines. Three other schooner? owned by
i the company possessing the Albina were
on the way to the placers from Guaymas.
' and It is the evident intention of the Mex
icans to make a permanent camp there.
i Mr. Allen wrote that the Negus would
i sail as soon as he could make up a load
! of passengers.
Some doubt is cast upon the report that
! the thirty Mexicans perished, as there
i are no extensive deserts in that part of
1 Lower California. There are numerous
small stretches of pnnd at Intervals, how
* ever, but It seems unlikely that a body
■ of thirty men wou.d be entirely wiped out.
VANDERBILTS MAY HAVE
A CONNECTING LINK
Rumor That They Have Secured
Union Pacific, Oregon Short Line
and Chicago Railways.
NEW YORK, June 2".— A report was
telegraphed to the "Western cities fr<>m
New Vr.rk that the Vanderbilt interests
had secured control of the Union Pacific
main line, Oregon Short Line and Chicago
Great Western railways. The latter was
said to be the connecting link between
Chicago and Omaha.
No official of the New York Central or
other roads named could be found to
night to confirm or deny the rumor. Sev
eral Wall street authorities, however,
dpclared that the rumor was an old one,
apparently revived for stock jobbing pur
poses. |
THREATENED WITH FAMINE.
Floods and Cold Weather May Cause
Trouble in Finland.
LONDON. June 24.— Kastern and North
ern Finland, according to a dispatch to
the Times from St. Petersburg, are
threatened with famine floods. The late
cold wave has ruined the rice crops.
FEVER IN CUBA.
Five New Cases Reported at Santiago
Yesterday.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. Juno 23.— Five
new cases of yellow fever were reported
to-day — three soldiers and two civilians.
N" deaths are reported.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MANY MEN AND WOMEN GO ON ST*?V>
ferlng day after day, treating themselves
lor this and that, understanding little or noth-
• ing regarding th ir condition, and consequently
, getting no better. A greater percentage of the
• diseases to which human llesh is heir may be
traced to disorders of the nutritive system. \\ »
! »»fpr In particular to
I LIVER DISORDER. This large gland be-
I conies Inactive as a result of chronic inflamma-
I tion which may b? brought on by malaria,
1 brain work, want of exercise, Indigestion and
! many other causes. The symptoms of liver
i complaint are Dull Headaches (Fig. 1), Coated
' Tongue (Fig. 2), Palpitation of Heart (Fig. 3),
Impaired Digestion (Fig. <>, Soreness over Re-
"!<•:■. of Liver (Fig. 5). Other symptoms are
pain in right side and right shoulder, a feel-
I Ing of weariness and languor. dizzy spells,
I nervousness and COSTIVENESS. The blood be-
come? surcharged with poisonous elements
when the liver fails to act properly
HUDYAN Is a specific for liver complaint
snd the many symptoms and complications that
are due to li'vor disorder. HUDTAN strength-
i ens the liver and restores it to its normal, act-
-1 ive capability HUDYAN divert* the bile from
the blood to the Intestines .-i* nature had In-
tended, thus supplying the laxative of nature
; and overcoming constipation. HUDTAN
, promptly takes away the heaviness of the head,
the nausea, th" dizziness that are associated
■with torpid liver
It you are bilious or inclined to costlveness,
I take sensible advice— HUDYAN. It will
cure you perfectly and permanently.
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists— soc a
I package or six tor $2 50. „„„,„
: If your druggist does not keep HI DTAS.
B end direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO..
! cor. Stockton. Ellis and Market streets, San
I Francisco. Cal ■- •
TOT' MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC
i TORS 'ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF
CHARGE. |CAIX.IOK^WRITE.
| DOOOOOOOO O O 0000000
2 r * E PALACE *-"•?%
ICRANO hotels o
SAN Frt/I JVC/3 CO. jl
** Connected by a covered passageway. **
O 1400 Hootti'- 900 >; h ath Attached. ©
O All Under One Management. Q
0 rOTE TE3 FRiCSS: O
0 European Plan. 81. 00 per d«y and upward A
O American P!an.s:;.OO per day And upward X
Correspondence Solicited. O
O JOHN C. KIRSFATBICK. M»n» «r. a
oooooooooooooooooa
OPEWEy,STRQNG&CO.^g^
330 MARKET ST.^TSJa&T
OI rr nnifll Corner Fourth and
I firr RflYu " rke «^B^
UHI L IIUIHL^ am ovoVcoat. La i n 1 i
Valises checked free, j
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS THB
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organ*. Depot, Market*SOON TO CALL FOR TEN
REGIMENTS.
HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, June 23.— The accuracy of The
this morning that the department was considering the matter of organizing ten regi
ted at the War Department to-day, but Acting Secretary Meiklejohn told me action would not
the President's return. Mr. Meiklejohn seems confident that by the establishment of addi
stations plenty of m-:n may be obtained in short order and the regiments expeditiously
formed.
officials with whom I talked are inclined to believe the department can get better and quicker
i muster-in of volunteer organizations which have asked to serve under General Otis, but the
tment chief believes that better results can be obtained by enlisting men as individuals and
them into regiments under experienced officers.
rtment has heard nothing from General Otis concerning reinforcements since his dispatch
30.000 men would be sufficient to control the situation. Adjutant General Corbin said to-day it
o give General Otis the 35,000 men already determined upon as rapidly as possible. There
)00 recruits at the Presidio of San Francisco and 1000 men are on their way there, making 5000
whom trnnsportation will have to be provided. Most of these men will be attached to the regular
i as to brint;- their strength up to 1570 men each, as recently directed by the Presi
uil men will be sent to complete the three volunteer regiments which General Otis has been
given authority to organize.
COLONIAL
BUREAU IS
FAVORED
Congress Likely to Adopt
Any Plan McKinley
Suggests.
The Call.
i ALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL WASHINGTON. Jun 2
. - Pie: ident may m I -<•■
- be i si ih
• ■ • • ' ■ • 1 1 i t s h ea d:
■ ; disposition among
hous< s who . ■
■ iblish
all the isl
l the relief ol
milii ■ ■ •!• s from ■ . pun -
ly m:lit;i - >
Hawaii and Porto Rico, it is beli< ■
would offer simple problems, but th« Cv
- : ! 'hilippine are m ire
. ■ erally con
will ; to the United States
■ ■ he wi<h by the
n ited.
In ih' ' '■ is believed, the
■ must I" continued
until every vestige oi insurrection is
gh even now thi Sis-
Is might v< rj v. >II
conti The \s hole
m of I nti 3ltion
■ S
c to receivi the ciosi si at
itor Mai
■•The Ha\ . r< pretty well assim
. ••. ods [t is dif-
Inhabitants ■ I Porto Rico
Philippine: ( >ne of the first
In • : ise islands. i:i my
• ■ ■ stablish schools In w!:u h
g< shall be spokun. I -
io. at the
moi nt to relieve tlie
Islands < f
. ■ ••;>• civil functions which they are
■ ging." '
c a i lonial system, i t'
w< must have a colonial depart
: presentatlvi Gardner of
New .!■ rsey. "None ■ I ■• ni ex< cu
rtments is . ized ■- i"
f outlying pos
tment
■ • I to look
• they are to be admlnls
• • ■ • |>artmenta,
■ ■ ■ |U« stions that will arise
ng th< in will be u.u< stii ms in
■ - Ign nations v i ire or
; ■ mipht be advisable to
bun au of i la flair a in
S1 " Depart m« nt and put it In cl
.- retary of State for Colo
nial Affairs.
me man thoroughly Informed as to
.il relations should be ..
■;■ h a bur> au. The name
of !:• tive Hltt of Illinois would
doubtless ur to many in public life in
connection with such a position.
"Th( ■• ! are difficult,
:.-.) we will hay« t.. proceed with. ■;)■.;
tative Livingstone "t"
« ;■ orgia. "i am • to think that we
■ rd in ir-.it Porto Rico and ;h«
liberally than wn
: ledged ourselves to treat Cub
that v. • i ught to offer i" allow them to
• ■ ment if tin ir own. if
they are capable of it. Of cours< . such
■ :,nii nis would have to be under our
sion and control fur many
:■> • -on!. . If not permanently. If t; •■
Is an capable of It. I
.. : hem ten Itorial i; o
ernments the same as Arizona has.
"It Found that these pi
lly the Filipinos, are not cap
• . ; ' If-govern
. is f..u:!'i in be th. ■ •
v. •• must give them a form of government
best ted t Is. We cannot
. our responsibility for the future
it of the islands and for
ction ■!' the riirhts of all other
povvw • with
■
FILIPINOS REPORT
"MARVELOUS NEWS"
NEW STORK, Ji A Journal
c from Hongkong says: The Fill
junta !.■■:•■ a. :..:;: s that it ha.-- d- fi
ll l General Luna .as killed
at t' aldo in a
■
junta ).■ .
hei ■■ esday ir. celebration of
us news" said ;■■ be con
i .:. a di ipatch from Aguinaldo
have promised ab
to thi Filipinos.
The American .;:'. British residents
nui li amused at ihe report. < !on
bul < '■ al Rounsevelle Wlldman says
!:,• believes that the ball was given to
h Filipinos living here to
. i! ibutions to the
iry o! tie- junta.
The cruiser Concord will leave on
for Lang Yun Gulf to luuk for
liiii.i;. . ■; to ]>,• supplying Fiii
pinos with arms and ammunition.
EXPLOSION IN A MINE
KILLS THREE MEN
A fourth Is Lying at the Point of
Death and Others Are Pain
fully Injured.
EtoSSLAND, i:. c. June 23.— About 11
cfc this morning a terrible explosion
look iilac'- In the War Eagle mine, tbe
of the fatality of a month* ago, and
I hre'e m< n are now lying
at thi- morgue, another is probably
fatally Injured and a fifth la very seri
, usly hurt.
I iv<- n!<n were working In the 625 level
with machine drills, wh< d one of the drida
•-truck a "missed hole" where the shot
failed to go oft last night. A fright
ful explosion look place, and Charlea posl
and < "i. .ir]' a Lee v. ire instantly 'cllled,
while Mike Griffin, a married m;<n. rtled
on the way to th. hospital. Men from all
parts of the mine rushed to the hHp of
their comrades and . h<-y were carried oul
of the mint quickly. The injured men
were removed to the hospital
I >an Green Is lying at the hospital with
bui faint hopes for his recovery. <"harl<s
Coupon has received severe injuries to his
right arm. (ho flesh bring torn off. but
tiir- surgeons have hopea of his. recovery.
The niino is closed down this afternoon
ami will probably remain so until aft-:r
vhtr funeral. !
ALGER FORMS
AN ALLIANCE
WITH PINGREE
Political Move That May Hasten
His Retirement From the
Cabinet.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON,
June 23.— Secretary Alger's jmlitioal alliance with Governor Pinsree of
Michigan will make his retention in the Cabinet more difficult than ever.
Pingree has been regarded us the head <>f an anti -administration fac
tion among Michigan Republicans, while Senator McMillan, against whom
the Alger-Pingree alliance is directed, Is a supporter of the administration
and is expected to head the Michigan delegation to the next Republican
convention, supporting McKinley for a renomination. Unless Secretary Al
ger can bring his new political partner around to an earnest support of
■:. inisti-atii.il. it is difficult to see how he can consent to remain longer
in the Cabinet or how President McKinley can afford to retain him if he
is willing to stay.
Whether any immediate change results from Mr. Alger's combination
with Pingree or not, it is certain that it will lead to a hard struggle over
the Michigan Senaiorship.
DETROIT, June- 23.— Governor Fingree
gav< out a public statement to-daj
to ilif effect that he had com
with Secretary A'gt-r in the int
of Alger's Senatorial candidacy. Gen ral
AJger will not withdraw under any cir
cumstances, nor will he spend any m
in the campaign. The platform of their
campaign will include opposition to trusts
and .t declaration in favor of Senatorial
elections by a popular vote. The alliance
was made at a conf< n nee hel .
at whi.h several of the Pingree SI
leaders and I - erai and the Governor
were present. Said the Governor:
"1 have avoided committing myself
tofore because I wanted an oppor
tunity t.> talk with the general first. But
;ill along General Alger has been my per
sonal eh- lei S< ator. I wired him at
Petoskey asking him if I could see him
in Detroit on his w . back to Washing
ton. In reply he arranged t.> meet mi Ils
evening. <>i course i can't speak for my
friends, but those I have talked with are
Alger men beyond all question. They ean
atoi M :Milian. Thej' cer
tainly cannot be classed as friends of
mine If they do. They cannot forget eight
years of political history In a aay, ti<>r
can they live with the representatives of
'judicious combinations' and unequal tax
ation and pretend at t)i >- same unii- t'i be
friends of equal and just taxation and
foes to t rusts.
"At our meeting last night Genera! Al
ger tol i us frankly the history of, his re
lations with Senator McMillan In the
matter of the Sonatorship. He has deait
with General Alger the same as he lias
treated every one who questions hi.- own
ership of the Republican party.
"<;•!!< nil Alger is In the race and to
stay to the end," said the Governor, "and
you can say In the strongest English you
write ! am with him heartily and I
propose to do all I personally and with
my friends to aid his can lidacy. -As
General Alger put it to me, he will be a
date if he lias assurances for no
than one- vote in the Legislature. I
said to Alger that r could ma personally
suppori a man who would not declare
himself on the right Hide of two of the
greatest questions of the day— tbos< •••:
trusts and the election of United Stale*
Senators bj direel vote of the people. I
wish to say that the general is absolutely
sound on i.nth these questions."
( HICAGO, June 23.— General Russell A.
Alger, Se< retary of War. announced here
to-day that he js in th- Michigan Sena
torial fight with "anti-trust" anil the
"e]c ction of Senators by direct vote of the
DEMOCRATS IN
WILD UPROAR
A Louisville Convention
Breaks Up in Disorder.
.■-■ lip. in! Dispatch to Tho C^n.
LOUISVILLE, June 23.— For the
third time in as many days the Demu
cratic State convention to-night broke
disorder. It will enter upon the
fourth day of its sessii n to-morrow
vilhout having accomplished anything
ih.in temporary organization. The
report of the committee on credentials
*\a.s reached in the order of business
to-night, but its consideration was pre
vented by the disturbing influence of
persons who were admitted to the floor
of thf convention, though not entitled
to se;us. The Hardin people place the
responsibility for this on local sym
pathizers with the Stone-Goebel com
bination, but the latter candidates tiis
claim all knowledge of an attempt to
pack th conventii n and declare the
disturbance was due to loose methods
of the arrangements committee. What.
Influence the occurrence will have on
the chances of the candidates can
hard(y be foretold, but Hardin is most
likely to profit by it. It is thought the
coi vention will get down to work in
earnest to-morrow.
The first i utbreak came this after
noon, after Chairman Redwine had de
clared the convention adjourned until
evening on a viva voce vote and had
refused to order a call of the delegates
by cuunties. This was the fourth time
the cony. ntion had been so adjourned
since Wednesday night.
Judge Redwine left his seat, but not
so the delegates. There were loud pro
tests from the Hardin faction. Charles
Bronston, one of the leaders of that
side, mounted the Stage and made a
speech, which threw the delegates into
an uproar. Finally he said: "But we
we must be patient. Come back at 8
o'clock and let us settle our differences
in this ha'J. If this convention is again
declared adjourned without regard to
the rights of the delegates we will elect
another chairman and proceed with the
business that brought us here."
This brought cheers from both sides,
and after the several minutes of grad
ually subsiding excitement the hall was
cleared. The delegates came back from
dinner much refreshed and with vocal
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 24, 1899.
pie" on his banners. The general is
at present taking life easy at the home
erf his daughter, Mrs. Charles Pike, after
his trip in Northern Michigan and Wis
consin. He gave his platform on the
heels of the announcement by Governor
Pingree, who, commented the Secretary
of War, "always gets in ahead."
"It is perhaps a little early to say that
trusts and trust legislation are to be a
great factor in the coming elections."
said Genera] Alger. "Other issues of
greater importance may arise, but how
ever that may be, it is certain that me
widespread spirit of consolidation of
financial interests is an evil which must
be contended against. lam a foe to those
great amalgamations and believe in the
election of Senators by a direct vote of
the people, and. as Governor Pingree
states, on those planks I will stand.
"The concentration of wealth in trusts
is detrimental to the Interests of the peo
ple. It squeezes the small .dealer out of
business and, worst of all, eliminate?
the middle man and stifles competition.
With a certain commodity controlled by
one man or a coterie of men, they are not
compelled to seek customers. The dealer
must come to the trust, take what he can
get and pay without a murmur the prices
asked.
"Everywhere manufacturers are meet-
Ing to agree on increases In their prices
fur articles ma.de ..f raw material and
monopolized by a trust. This [a notice- '
able In articles In which iron and st.-el are
used. The n suits of monopoh are so ap
parent and have he> n so widely discussed
that further comment Is not necessary. I
am not an extremist, but the growing ten
dency tv absorb small Industries Into one
impany, that others may be frozen
out and a monopoly secured, is a matter
for consideration by Legislatures on be
half of the people who are vitally inter
»Bted.
•"The present system of electing Sena
tors through the agency of the Legisla
ture is one that always had its criticism
and 1 believe the criticism is just. The
ilire.-t vot< Is the better method. | think.
and while the attainment of this end will
doubtless take years, it is worth laboring!
for. A Senatorial ticht in a State Legis
lature generally sends to Congress a man
who is more the representative of a ma
chine than of the people.
"The contest in Michigan for the nomi
nation will lie a fair stand-up tight. Mr.
McMillan, aided, I believe, by Burrows,
will try for renominatlon. Governor Pin
gree has shown himself very friendly to
me. and especially since the beginning of
the war. • It is too early to make calcula
tions on the strength of the force which
will contend, but there will not be two
Republican candidates in the Held — noth
ing to disrupt the party."
1 chords in good condition for a renewal
of the disorder of the afternoon. The
, first hour was passed uproariously. The
Hardin people 'called attention to a
i number of persons sitting: In the hall,
i who. they charged, were not entitled to
seats. They made frantic appeals for
the ejection of these people, Baying un
complimentary things of the Louisville
police and urging that the convention
j be adjourned to Lexington. One or two
i speeches by cooler heads s< rved to quiet
I things, and nt fl o'clock the credentials
committee was ready to report.
This announcement, for which the
convention had been waiting for three
days, did not meet with the reception
; that might have been expected. Dis- :
order continued and adjournment was
finally taken until '.< o'clock to-morrow
morning. The Hardin nun are very bit
ter over Co-nighfs developments, and,
leaving aside the Question of n-sponsi
bility for the conditions that existed,
the moral effect cannot fail to be dam
airing to the Stone-Ooebel combination.
TREAT IN STORE FOR
COAST THEATER-GOERS
Sir Henry Irving and Mrae. Sarah I
Bernhnrdt Are Coming to
California.
LOS ANGELES, June 23.— Mrs. Harry j
C. Wyatt. wife of the theatrical man
ager, who yesterday returned from an
l Eastern trip, gives information that is
1 pleasing to the theater-goers on the
coast. Mrs. Wyatt says that both Sir
Henry Irving and Madame Sarah Bern
hardt, supported by their respective
European companies, will be seen at the
! Los Angeles Theater next autumn.
Mrs. Wyatt derived this information
from Julius Cohn, the Western booking
agent for the Frohman-Hayman and
Klaw-Erlanger theatrical syndicates.
The dates for the appearance of the
European stars have not yet been fixed.
It is probable the Irving engagement
will extend over three nights and a
matinee, and among the plays present
ed will be Irving's two great successes,
"The Bells" and "Hamlet." "Kobes
pierrc" will, of course, be presented, for |
it is to be the piece de resistance of
Irving's tour.
Mine. Bernhardt, it is thought, will
not present more than two bills in Los '
Angeles. The divine Sarah was here '
seven or eight years ago and made one
appearance in "La Tosca." Seats sold
for $5 on that occasion, but theatrical
times are better in Los Angoles now
and a longer engagement with lower
prices may be hoped for.
Each of these artists will bring a full
1 company, numbering about forty firs;
--} class people.
TURK THREATENS
PEACE CONGRESS
Sultan's Delegates May
Be Withdrawn.
ARBITRARY DEMANDS MADE
SEEKS THE EXPULSION OF
ACHMET TIZA.
The Young Agitator Prevailed Upon
by the Dutch Government to
Depart From The
Hague.
Special Cable to The <'ali and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Uor
iion Bennett.
THE HAGUE. June 23.—Trou
ble concerning the young Turks'
agitation having broken out, I
learn to-night the Turkish dele
gates threatened to withdraw
and return to Constantinople if
Achmet Tiza and other agitators
were not expelled, a measure
which the Dutch Government
shrank from taking on account
of its unpopularity in liberal,
hospitable Holland.
Achmet Tiza and the Arme
nian, Peter Ammeghian, leave
The Hague to-morrow for Paris
without fighting a duel. They
have been quietly prevailed upon
by tht: Dutch Government to
leave and avoid further trouble.
M. de Staal, president of the Peace
Conference, at a meeting of the com
mittee to-day introduced the Russian
proposals looking to the arrest of arm
aments and read a declaration dis
claiming all intention to propose a re
duction of the armaments at present.
But, he added, he was of the opinion
that if a standstill could be agreed up
on a reduction would soon come of it
self.
All the powers, he explained, had
conferred with the Czar relative to the
immense evils of armed peace, and he
(M. de Staal) now appealed to them to
devote their energies toward the arrest
of the continual increase in the cost of
armed peace, w hich, he asserted, cost
more than a ten-years' war;
Count Golinski of the liussian dele
gation moved that the powers should
enter into an understanding for a term
of, say, five years, not to increase th-
effective ness of the peace footing of
their forces, with the exception of the
colonial troops, and not to increase the
amount of their military budgets be
yond their present figure.
The speeches and the resolutions
were ordered to be printed and circu
late-], and the discussion was adjourned
until Monday. A naval standstill reso
lution will be introduced later.
The drafting committee of the arbi
tration committee spent the afternoon
in considering articles 1 and 7 ol the
Russian proposals. All that is left now
is the drafting of regulations for the
board's t>ro< edure.
The information from Germany is
that Emperor William will not separate
himself from the other powers on the
arbitration question, and the German
delegates expect a favorable decision
on that point.
The work is now so far advanced that
the conference probably will take a
holiday after June 28, in order to allow
the delegates to refer to their respec
tive governments for final instructions.
Frederick HoUs <>f the American dele
gation, alluding this evening to the
i ;- rman attitude, said:
"This matter is much exaggerated.
Active negotiations look place, but Ger
many is in no way irreconcilable and
would not hesitate, more than any other
power, to agree to an arbitration court
established on an acceptable basis.
"The Turks themselves state that no
one is able to say that they object to
the arbitration scheme and that when
the proposal has been finally shaped
they will examine it and only then give
nn opinion, referring to Constantinople
if the wording of the scheme contains
points not covered by their instruc
tions."
WHOLESALE POISONING
BY BUTTERMILK
Members of Three Fresno Families
Taken Sick After Partaking of
the Bevernge.
FRESNO, June Three families of
this city were almost fatally poisoned
from drinking buttermilk last night They
were -Mrs. Horatio Burns and daughter,
Mrs. G. S. Mecartea and two children and
Mrs. William Hensley, all residents of the
Belmont ' addition. They were taken
deathly s,'ck after drinking of the butter
milk, but Mrs. Mecartea, who drank more
freely of the liquid, was by far the worst
off. and she is now lying between life and
death.
The DOlsonoua buttermilk was made !>v
Mrs. Burns. Last nlehi she invited Mrs
Mecartea and Mrs. Hensley t«> spend the
evening with her and drink sumo fresh
buttermilk. The invitations were accept
ed .md all drank freely of the beverage
The children were taken sick first and be
gan vomiting violently. This aroused th<
tears of their parents, and medical aid
was summoned without delay. Before th<
physician arrived, however, the older
members of the party wre also taken ill
The stomach pump v.ms applied and ail
but Mrs. Mfi-artea were soon out of d-ui
ger. U"T case was inure obstinate than
the others and her recovery is retarded as
doubtful. '
How the poison cot into the buttermilk
is not definitely known. Tho supposition
is that tho fluid was allowed to stand In
the tin can in which the butter had been
churned ton long before lining used and
became poisoned from contact with the
tin.
Men for the Asiatic Fleet.
VAI,LEJO. June 23.— Tho naval trans
port Solace, formerly the Creole of Hunt
ingdon's line from New York to New Or
leans, is taking on stores f. »r Manila and
is under orders to get away by July i
A draft of 200 men is on the way from
the East to fill vacancies on shins' of tho
Asiatic fleet.
OBDONTUNDERI
We know ycu have been severely shocked by electricity.
We know you have felt the evil effects of gas. We realize that you have paid dearly
for the administration of chloroform, ether and other anaesthetics, none of which
have given universal satisfaction. Why not discard the whole lot and adopt some-
thing up to date. Beware of students and mm running dental parlors who have no
license to practice. Of late we have seep numerous cases where teeth have been
destroyed and mouths disfigured for life, and have the names of these unfortunate
people on file in our office, also the fakers who perrormed the work. We can sub-
mit to you at our office a list of the unlawful practitioners, bo you may be protected
against these fakers. For the purpose of intrcducir.g our painless, dentistry wo
tiuoto below a few prices to Induce you to try our method?. PRICE LIST FOR SO
DAI?, commencing June 17.
EXTRACTION. 2r»c: CROWNS, K2.00 to RtO.OO: ■
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, BOe: PLATES. 93.00 to 512.50:
FILLINGS, 25c; REMOVABLE BRIDGEWORK. $3.00 per Tooth.
DR. R. L. WALSH, .815 J- GEARY -ST., Bit. Hyde Larkin.
Offlc* hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
A VIS IT TO THE
ANTARCTIC REGION
What the Belgica Expe
dition Accomplished.
FOUND A NEW ARCHIPELAGO
STORY OF VOYAGE AND SUFFER
ING TOLD BY DR. COOKE.
It Will Add Greatly to Scientific and
Geographical Knowledge and
Also Provide New Charts
tor Mariners,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 23.— Frederick A.
Cook, surgeon of the Belgica Antarctic
expedition, reached home to-day on the
steamship Buffon from Rio de Janeiro
after an absence of nearly two years.
When seen at the home of his brother,
William L. Cook, 679 Bedford avenue,
to-night, he outlined the results of the
expedition us follows:
"On the whole, the expedition was
exceedingly successful. We were not
in search of the South Pole and so are
not disappointed that we did not bring
it back with us. The most important
results of the expedition were the ob
taining of complete series of magnetic
observations extending throughout the
whole year within ihe Antarctic cir
cle and the making of the first profile
of the ocean's bed to the south of Cape
Horn. We have, besides, obtained an
exceedingly valuable collection of the
fauna and flora of the Antarctic circle.
From a geographical standpoint, two
important facts were ascertained, one
being that Hughes Gulf, supposed to
be an indentation of the coast of Gra
ham's Land, is noi a gulf at all, but a
strait more than two hundred miles in
l. ngth and about thirty miles broad.
It has on Hi. c side Graham's Land and
on the other the islands of an archipel
ago. The second important discovery
was that of a bank, over which we
drifted to and fro, where soundings
slMu ( d ihj.' depth to be in places only
about 45u meters,
"I have about 2000 photographs taken
among the Islands of a newly discov
ered archipelago and among Indian
tribes on an island at the south of Cape
Horn which I visited after the return
of the Belgica.
"Leaving Brooklyn on September 1,
lsy:, 1 Joined the Belgica at Rio de Ja
neiro. We left Kh> in October, passed
Montevideo and Punta Arenas, and
thence westward through the Straits
of Magellan and Beagle Canal to
(Jshina, where we look on our last coal.
We left civilization early in January,
1898.
"The soundings made south of Shet
land Islands showed an unexpected
depth. They were from 3000 to 4000 feet
and the greatest depth attained was
13.251 feet. For the greater part of the
way the ocean bed seemed to be a vast
plateau.
"Before reaching the Shetland Isl
ands one of tli'' sailors, a man named
I Wencke, was lost overboard in a storm.
"We entered Hughes Gulf and made
about twenty landings. The only living
things we found on those islands were
four kinds of insects. We found two
spiders covered with fur. There were
also a few specimens of moss and lich
ens. Passing out into the Pacific, we
turned to the south. We sighted Alex
ander Island, also Adelaide Island. The
latter we found to be much larger than
i has been supposed. We then continued
on tn the south and entered a pack of
ice, finally reaching 70 degrees south
I latitude. We penetrated ninety miles
into the fl<>e and were frozen in in
March, 1898. We remained in the floe
fur about thirteen months. During the
! greater part of the time the floe was
j swept by terrific storms.
"Antarctic night came on in May and
we were in darkness for seventy days.
During that time every member of the
party suffered from anaemia, due to the
excessive humidity of the night, to
lack of fresh food and to continuous
'■ storms. Lieutenant Dance, the mag
netician, died. Our meteorological ob
servations during this time were ex
ceedingly valuable. The chart of mag-
I netic variations we made indicates that
the magnetic pole is probably 2uo miles
east of the location made out by Sir
Jan ■ s Ross in his expedition of 1839 to
1843. The aspect of the ice field in the
Antarctic differs considerably from that
in the Arctic regions. The pack is some
: what heavier and 'pans' are consider
ably smaller. Our vessel was subjected
: to severe crushing when we entered the
pack and later as we began to fight
our way out. We drifted about 2000
miles. "With the approach of summer
! the ice field began to open somewhat,
and in March we succeeded in making
i our way out. At the last we were
obliged 10 cut a canal a mile in length
through ice live feet thick. Every man,
from commander to cook, worked at the
saws. Once free, we broke up the
: blocks with dynamite."
Dr. Cook's plans do not include fur
ther Arctic or Antarctic exploration.
lie said that it would take him several
years to prepare f<-r publication the
materials obtained in his various ex
peditions, Arctic and Antarctic.
St. Mary's College Graduates.
STOCKTON", June 23.— St. Mary's Col
lege, conducted by the brothers of the
Catholic church, closed tho school year
to-day and the commencement exercises
were held this evening ai the Avon The
ater. The place was crowded with par
, nts and friends of the lmpils. Those
pupils who have completed the required
course and received diplomas were: A.
Jensca, T. Cosgrove, M. Nunan, T. Fla
hertv and W. Cahill.
Firs Sweeps a Grain Field.
WOODLAND, June 23.— A special to the
Democrat says a disastrous* grain field
fire occurred on the farm of Henry Greg
ory, two miles east of College City, on
Thursday afternoon. The flames ran over
150 acres of heavy wheat before they were
ch< eked. The flre probably originated
from a spark from an engine that is op
erating in the neighborhood.
NEW GRAIN RATES
OBJECTIONABLE
Southern Pacific Has
Filed a Protest.
SAYS THEY ARE UNJUST
— ♦ —
JUDGE BLACKSTOCK MAKES AN
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT
He Thinks Stockton Differentials Are
at the Bottom of the Kick, and
Says the Railroad Was
Never Consulted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, June 23.— The Southern
Pacific Company does not intend to sub
mit without a legal conti st to the re
ductions made in its grain tariffs by the
Railroad Commisison on June 12, and to
be effective July 1. Railroad Commis
sioner N. Blackstock of this district, who
is now in Los Angeles, has received the
following letter on ihe subject:
To the Honorable Board of Railroad Commis
sioners oi the State ol California— Gentlemen:
The undersign.'!, the Southern t'a. ifir I'om
pany, respectfully protest against the revised
xraln rate tariff ad pted by your hunarabie
board to become effective on July 1, 1899,
whereof a copy was* served upon the under
signed on June 12, li.-'J?. upon the grounds fol
lowing, to wit:
That the grain rates- at present in force upon
the railroads of th<- undersigned, which have
been reduced by suit! i\ vised t:r;iin rate tariff,
adopted as aforesaid, :u<- ::i no wise greater
than Is Just and reasonable, ;inil that each
anil all of the reductions thereof made !•>
yi»:r honorable body are arbitrary, unjust and
unreasonable, and will not afford the under
signed a fair compensation ior the services to
be renden 'I by it.
Witness the corporate seal of the Southern
I'u i!i<_ Com uan j this* 19th day of June, A. D.
IS"*. SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
By E. c WRIGHT, Secretary.
Filed in the office of thy lioan.l of Railroad
Commissioners this 20th day of June, W.<9.
"It looks as if the company intends to
enjoin us in the I'nited Siau-s courts from
carrying the new BChequles into effect.' 1
t-aid Judge Bldckßtock to-day. "I have
an idea that the Stockton differenti-il
maj be at the bottom of the trouble. Our
board made the rate of 3U cents. The
' Southern Pacific people first Insisted upon
50 cents, and later were willing to split
the difference with us and make it 40
cents. However that may be. there never
! was any agreement in advance that the
company was to accept our new sched
ules and let it go at that."
MRS. MACKAY'S OUTCOMING
NEW YORK. June 23.— The upper Four
Hundred an- anticipating the delight of
j-e'-m;; Mrs. Clarence H. Mackay next
winter v. a set of Russian sables, which
an to cost more than $7300. The order
fur them has been given to a prominent
house in this city and has eaustd con
siderable stir in the fur trade.
Protecting Their Customers.
WOODLAND. June 23.— The manufac
turers of the Haines-Houser harvesters
have been notified of the efforts of Holt
Brothers to enjoin Yolo County farmers
fp'in using their machines, and have
t;jkn!i prompi steps to protect all their
customers. Farmers may have to make
one appearance in the United States Cir
cuit Court, 'in that will be their only
■ delay. Those who have received a written
. demand that they stop using the Haines-
Houser machine will ignore it ana" con
tinue their harvesting operations. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
The Old Reliable and Long Established Specialist,
En B HH MM wB IH^v I O Pfl Wm M
CURE YOU!
He has the b:st equipped surgical and medical offices on the
Pacify Coast.
He is the most scientific and experienced specialist for dis-
eases of men and women in the United States.
He has successfully treated and cured more stubborn and
difficult diseases than all other specialists combined.
He has all the latest improved electrical appliances, including
static, faradic and galvanic electricity.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER WEAK, NERVOUS MEN-Lost^
_ j shattered nervous system caused by
Z -,*?!«'sS3i?ifc, *« i overwork, excesses and self-abuse, re-
O4r O suiting in weakness of body and brain,
2J • /jy « : night emissions, losses In the urine,
hg&r \ ' f- c dizziness, failing memory, lack of con-
r™ mm a (/) fldence and ambition, pains in the
"^! LU ?^f -* t *"!W>i /*s»>J T1 C back, loins and kidneys, and other
hfTi T£% j^jbu:^ jvtK*-i mm m distressing symptoms, unfitting one
\\n " V I or business or pleasure. Our special
wJ Cl \-'m C<v<^ ft t*n "^ system of treatment will cure YOU.
13 LL - '^P3fev * CB i. restore your physical and sexual
rjT , QwJli&BP'^—^K>-y . "% health and make you once more a
\lj f&/(\ Jti^S^' ""1 man among men, no matter who or
5 Mi&ms&fi^b n what has failed -
® f&&m&\^^.s&- S STOMACH-f'atarrh. mlceratjon and
fj -'amwSO^XUJ-iJ^LV^i^'t.' 2 dyspepsia, indigestion,
weakness, pain and fullness after eat-
DOCTOR SWFiiNY ing, heartburn, etc.
Vu In, r c Ml • ' RUPTURE-Cured by their new method
The 0 d Rehab c Specialist, f . f without knife, truss or de-
o.» •»»«•" tention from work— a painless, sure
22 Years Expense;. and permanent cure.
DISEASES OF RECTUM -^tato. VARICOCELE-Hydrocele. swelling and
(hemorrhoids) Internal or protruding; ! and , ands trea^ wUh^u^anfng 1 5
itchings, excoriatiens, etc.. positively arm gianas treateu wun unianing suc-
cured without the use of knife. , cess.
RHEUMATISM .sciatica and him- CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
bago positively and quickly curea by ■
new method of treatment. Syphilis and all diseases of the blood
ALL DISEASES OP WOMEN most promptly and thoroughly cured and
successfully treated and promptly «very .trace of the poison eradicated
'Vired by his Combined Electro-Medi- . from the system forever, restoring
cal Treatment. health and purity.
WI^STF If you cannot call at the office, fully describe your symptoms
"IVIIL an( ] you will receive in plain envelope a scientific and honest
opinion of your case and a book cf valuable information free of charge.
Office I -From 3a. m. to Bp. m. Sundays— lo a. m. to 12 m.
F.I. SWE4MY, M. D., 737 Market St., S. F.
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS
FOR THE— ;! ■'.■?:'>"■
PRIMARY AND MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.
REGISTRATION FOR THE PRIMARY A.\l>
Municipal Elections is now open at the
office of the Registrar of Voters, at the City-
Hall. McAllister-street entrance. Registration
for the purposes of the Primary Election (to
be held on August 8. 18S9) WILL CEASE JULY
"2, 1599, and for the Municipal Election (to be
held on November 7. 1&991 will continue to and
Including October 12. 1599. when all registra-
tion will cease. All qualified electors who
were registered at the last General Election,
or who have registered since that time. AND
WHO WILL HAVE CONTINUED TO RESIDE
WITHIN THEIR RESPECTIVE ELECTION
PRECINCTS, shall be entitled to vote at said
elections without other or additional registra-
tion. ALL OTHER. PERSONS claiming to be
entitled to vote at any of the nfcresaid e!ec-
tionp must be registered upon the Register of
the City and County as an elector of and
within the election precinct wherein he claims
to be entitled to vote. Office open from 3 a. m.
to 5 p. m.
By order of the Board of Election Commis-
sioners.
J. STEPPACHER. Resrfetrar of Voters.
fs& • €Tilcli:iicr'o Knelt.' DfsaaocA Bread. -
rENNYROYAL PJtLS
W^~s£7\. Original and Only Genuine A.
/t^fCfcjfik Drojslrt lor' Chkhr-ttcri JSngliili Dia-JgP&L
mr a ii*S^c^Kynond Bra-rA in BcJ in<l <~,'dJ mei^liloVNUrfir
T!v — O4jj?a'' < 'm. scaled wttij hlno ribboa. Take
' Ini 4§^ Viflno other. fffiriiiiii'luiiji Mlfla v
I"7 ~ fa tior.tcnd <a:<«afion«. At Dragcl««. or 4c.
."£. . & \&j£££ -'"'' J" 11 .'''-- 1 "'. tejttoozUla ir. ■
V^s* KSS "Jvcllh Top HadSca." in Utter, by retin
«»\^ if ITiIL SO.OOO T»«t;a»ials. rfaiu Paper,
. . — "fCul"f>c»tcrC>oSßicaiCo., £ V«'li»oa
felt 67 ill UcU urar^f U. i> v, l\, Ai/ X., i£
WAGING A WAR
ON THE FAKERS
Murphy's Firm Stand
Against Boomers.
WILL RETRACT NOTHING
EMISSARIES OF CONCERNS DE
NOUNCED ACTIVE.
They Are Endeavoring to Get the
Territorial Press on Their Side,
and Are Also Fighting
Expert Jackson.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. June
Murphy's official letter published yester
day, warning investors against certain
stock jobbing mining companies in this
Territory who are. booming their stocks
through miserpresentation. and denounc
ing the Val Verde Copper Company in
particular, has brought a horde of tele
grams of protests and requests for re
tractions from Eastern stockholders.
Representatives of some <>f the mining
companies denounced have arrived here
and will try to provr to the Governor
that their concerns are legitimate, and
ask for protection and retraction in their
respective cases. Strong efforts are be
ing made by them to get the Territorial
press on their side. Every indication
shows that the mining companies named
in the Governor's letter will make a des
perate tight ami bring strong pressure
to bear on him for retraction. Vicious
attacks are also being made on Lester
Jackson, the mining expert who exam
ined the Val Verde properties and re
ported them practically worthless, which
report was included in the Governor's
letter. Many mining companies in this
Territory have spent large sums booming
their stocks in the East, selling them at
ligures not warranted by facts, upon
claims of their nearness to and on th»
same vein that well-known diviaend pa>
ing mines are located.
Governor Murphy left for Las Vegas
last night to attend the Rough Riders'
reunion, but gave out that he would not
retract a word. The Territorial press is
standing by him in his efforts to expose
the mining concerns whose only inten
tions are to sell stock at the expense of
the Territory's mining reputation and
thus drive away legitimate capital.
The right between the Governor and the
mining companies is being watched with
much interest in mining and financial
circles.
PESTS IN TULARE.
VISALIA. June 2?,.— lnserts are playing
havoc with tom.ui vines in Tulare
County. The leaves turn yellow and the
vines die in a few hours. No renedy has
yet been discovered, but siacked lime and
buhach have been used with good results.
Blackberries are so numerous in thi3
county that they arc selling for 3 cents a
puund. ..!.«»*•
San Jose Appointments.
SAN JOSE, June Mayor Martin to
day announced the following appoint
ments: Police and Fire Commission. E.
I. Lion, to succeed himself; Alum Rock
Park Commission. A. C. Darby, to suc
ceed himself; Hoard of Education, J. R.
Bailey, to succeed R. J. Langford, re
signed; C. S. Kenyon. to succeed himself;
Board of Library Trustees. T. W. Len
zen, to succeed himself: Board of Health,
Dr. J. J. Miller, to succeed himself.
WEEHT. CALL
©/ It Publishes the Cream off th*
Z) • News of the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BBST WEEKLY
O< PAPER ON TUB
} PACIFIC COAST
7) The Best v^ S Mining
~j Telegraphic \^ News That
°\ Service on /\ s *ccurat»
ex The Coast / \& up to date
o{
©( Not a Line of It Sensational
jj or Faky, and Not a Line of
it Dry or ■' Uninteresting.
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $i per Year
34
BROUGHT GOLD
FROM THE NORTH
Steamer Humboldt Ar
rives at Seattle.
SUCCESS OF TWO ENGLISHMEN
CLEAN-UP WILL AMOUNT TO
ABOUT SIXTEEN MILLIONS.
» —
It Is Expected That Ten Thousand
Men Will Come Out This Sum
mer — Many Penniless. Beg
ging Bread.
; aich to The Call.
SEATTLE, Juno 23.— The second big lot
of returning Klondlkera since navigation
i reached here this afternoon on the
ocr Humboldt. There were about 250
of ih'-in ai tew of them brought con
dust. Others were report
have drafts for large amounts,
■whil>- me home without riches.
No accurate estimate of the amount of \
gold dust can be made, for the reason
that the figures given by the different
passengers vary widely, ranging all the
way from $"50,000 l ° $500,000. Still mere
•livcrgiug aro the conjectures as to the
amount of drafts. Including drafts and
dust the estimates range from $500,000 to
$1,250
Purser Carroll claims that he had in
liis custody 1280.000 in dust, and estimates
thai there was about $300,000 more in the:
nt staterooms not turned over to
-
At 4 o'( ' ick tliis aft( worth
of dust had been deposited In the United
offli c. a I was biHed
.: an « .\; i :'rss *i •_•«.- for shipment to Phila-
H. '■ ■ Enpf
: putation of being the two
I. Th< ) were •■ .
ited with !ia\n:^ bi tween fh< m ainr.it halt"
a million! the price of tlie sale uf several !
viaims. Mr. Winter of Seattle had a $12,
--000 sack. AY. H. Armstrong and his party
had about 150 pounds. A Mr. Harper of
Philadelphia was credited with JiU.JOv.
Other la itfc holders were G. F. Wiiiams,
August Peterson; Dr. J. H. Hill. Palmer
Hill. Alexander Mi Hutt: G. S. Alien. Mike
AVhile, A. H. K. Hill. S. .]. Miller, E. A.
Beck, M. Lanen, L). li. Boehm and John
Kelson.
Some of the passt-ngers left Dawson as
late as June S. They report that the ;
cleanup is practically finished.
Th' estimates of the clean-up this Foa
sun will amount t«> from twelve to six
teen millions. Times are very quiet at
Dawson and there are many idle m*-n
there. Jan S. Clark of Victoria esti
mates that at least ten thousand will
come out this summer, hut their plac?s
will he tilled by men going in. Michael
White, an old California miner, • port .
that there are 3000 penniless men at I tow
s<<n heppintr f<-r assistance to get up the i
river. Many others are working for their
board. Wages on .El Dorado Creek are
J! per hour. Other orefks pay SO cents.
WEDDED MONTHS AGO.
ar Stockton School Teacher Sur-
prises Her Friends.
X l> S . "hi n M< i
-i popular i il
signa
•' ; • i-day and
been married
red a pl< asanl
w Mrs. William
In Frank
•• signa
i ther won approv
■ : the . • .m
--: i W. F Prater
•
So
■ ret thai It
■' fri. nds
groom Is a
tim
• Mdi nee in
RARE WORK ON RELIGION.
Old Book Found in a Church in the
Philippines.
STOCKTON. June 23.-f Surgeon Ira \V.
Ladd; who returned last week from serv
ice in the Philippines, has present) to
Rev. Father CrConnor a book which the
revtr'-nd gentleman prizes highly, It 4 is a
religious work containing the writings of
P^toiemus and dissertations on the BiWe
The text is J.aiin, .he imprint Parisian
and the date of publication of the work
1549. thus rnnkinp: the book three and a
half centuries old.
. It. I^.trid obtained tho hook from an old
church in the Philippines which had been
ransacked by insur£ei:ts. The book was
[about the only thin;? about the premises
•which was not destroyed. It is bound in
fomc.^ort of tmiph skin, and Its appe ir
ance betokens that it has si en much serv
ice.
Jetties Need Attention.
inderfi of I
■ • • ■ ••■ rd to the < I
\V irks Ed E.
I the Imnrove
nto River, should h
- nfontion j
■• i .■ ■ -i v rej J.. Ford i
• i by
•' ■ Publl< \V< ik- De] artment at tl ■•
v;i: <»h< a! Rio Vista .
in th'- Imprnvenv i I
of this str< am, but
n main unattc nd< cl
■ ■ ' i )>■<■, .ni" d 'ii..;
win' er m mths i ver five f«»et
I this
Races for Rio Vista.
■ '' ;.- ■i'. 1 . Jun< - 1. I tors racing will
?i- • • i ■ crowd t.i Walnut Grove
' our! '•■ "i July. An i si ejlent < ar«l
and i!i.' track of The
Grov< Block farm Is ur\ fast,
will mak " ■ ents ;;ll the mori
<!< url c -•
.ill in the even-
To Impersonate Columbia.
BTOCKT* >N, Jui • 23. Miss B
Smith V..- this afternoon chosen to im
■ 'olumbia In th P urth of J:i'\
SB Smith i. a daugn
H Smith, manager at Chalmers,
ooking young
woman, prepossessing li appearance, and
make an ld< al C> lumbia.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
POSTHOORN Cm.
The Finest Made !n America.
CHARLES MEipECKE & CO.,
AB2HTS PACIfIC COAST,
Bii btcramontci St., Sao Friacisso, C»l.
IT LOOKS AS IF SHE WOULD CHOOSE THE GOLD
ONE THIS TIME.
FATAL RESULT OF
A RING CONTEST
Morris Seeberg- at the
Point of Death.
FOUGHT THIRTY-ONE ROUNDS
HOW TWO FRESNO MEN SET
TLED THEIR DIFFERENCES.
There Has Been Bad Blood Between
Them and Saturday They Had
It Out in the Old-Fash
ioned Way.
I >ISJ :■'■ h ■
FRESN< ». June 23.— Gregory Q
and Morris Seeberg, two prominent young
men of this county, were the participants
in a brutal riiiK contest whi< b took place
three miles south of this city last Satur-
The affair was k.-pt quiet
at til-- time' and perhaps would never
; .1 \ c : • come public had :- not been for
Us probably fatal ending. Ever since the
flght Seeberg has been unconscious
iiis death is hourly expected. The phy
sicians who have been attending him say
it Is impossible for him to live.
place whei ?ht . ■■. urred waa
the FA Modello packing house in Central
i olony. About a hundred friends of the
principals were present and Jack Hardi
ga:i. a local prizefighter, waa selected as
A ring was Improvised on the
Bo •)■ of the packing-house ana th< men
went at each other.
Reports of what took place are some
what conflicting, but it Is said that See
tad •!. bett< r of his oppom nt up to
the iasi round. The men were pretty
i ■ . matched, however, as is evidenced
by the fact that the mill lasted thirty
one rounds.
In the thirty-first ro ■ erg slipped
an. i fell to the Boor. As he was falling
ey landed on his head. The Calli :i
er recovered consciousness. He
waa removed to his home and since that
has remained unconscious although
tonally for at short intervals ho is j
■able to answer questions half Intel—
Th< attending physicians are Dr.
Kowell and -Miss Wood. A consultation
was !..-iil a ft w days ago, but neither phy- ,
Hician saw much ground for nope. Mor
ris Seebcrg la well known in this i ity,
having been a member of the Fresno
football team.
Quigley's friends claim thai Seeberg.
whs suffering from a kick which he re
ceived from a horse some time ago and
that when he ent< red the ;in^ he wa> in
no condition to fight. They say his sub
:. due to < xhaustion rather
to a brow from Qulgley.
Tin cause of the li.erli t . as nearly as can j
be l< arm d. was a grudge of long .viand-
Ing betwees the men. This feeling .>f
hostility waa Intensified about three or
fmn w-'.-ks ago in Central Colony when ■
Quigli j had a tight with a boy, who was
-mailer than himself. Beeberg was
present and Interfered and this resulted
In bad blood between the two men v At i
the closing exercises of the Central
Colony sen. ml they had a war of words
and at last agreed to fight out their dif
ferences "H Saturday.
All who were present when the fight
took place were sworn to Becrecy and it
, has been difficult to learn anything
: definite In regard to the occurrence. 'I he
foregoing story, however, Is substantially
correct. Qulgley has not yet been ar
rested.
HAVE FINISHED THEIR
HIGH SCHOOL COURSE
Stockton Students Awarded Diplomas
Earned by Attention to Their
Books.
STOCKTON, Juno 28. — Thirty-eight
bright pupils of the Stockton High School
received their coveted diplomas to-day.
Larger classes have been graduated from
the school, but never one which had
higher averages or more promise. There
is a notable increase in the number of
young n.i who have completed the
course, and the junior class, which be
comes the senior with the reopening of the
school, contains even more in the general
average.
The exercises were held in the high
school department of the Washington
School and were attended not only by
parents but by many prominent citizens,
who take a keen Interest in the affairs of
the school and pride in the position it ha«
attained among similar institutions of the
State.
The exercises opened with a presenta
tion of the class picture to the Board of
Education, the board being its custodian,
r,« the picture Is to hang in the class
room. City Superintendent Barr accepted
the picture with appropriate remarks.
Miss Bessie Rosenbaum rendered a solo.
Professor D. A. Moberly made an address
to the class full of kindly recollections for
the past and hopes for the future of those
just entering the practical spheres of life.
The diplomas were then handed to the
graduates by President Holman of the
Board of Education.
The valedictarian- of the class was
Edward Gould. The brief exercises closed
with the class song.
The graduates were: August Pahl. "Wil
liam McCutchan. Arthur Austin, Charles
Brtgnale, Henry Culberg, Mark Ailing, Ed
Gould. Cyrus Moreing, Charles Thurp,
Charles Miller, Irwin Eddy. Joseph Gi
anelli. Jenette Drtiry, Ethel Chapin
Martha Miller, Rachel Lothrop. Bessie
Rosenbaum, Grace Bellman, Mabel Wolfe,
THE SAX FKAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JTJXE 24, 1899.
Ruby Bliss, Elizabeth AVhetmnrc. Gert
rude Johnson, Hazel Klench, Dora Mcntz.
Linila Edwards. Edith Adam?. Cordelia
Hutton, Maud Rich. Clara Bagley. Nettie
Hilkc. Gertrude Hansel. Ethel McCall,
Grace Jones, Harriet Wolfe, Julia Fla
herty Hattie Ingnlls, May Williams,
Birdie Rohrbacher.
The end of the school year marks the
retlr< ment of Principal Moberly, who has
largely contributed to the building up of
the high school. The professor is held in
high regard by parents, pupils and
alumni. The professor expects to go
East.
Masonic Music Hal! was tlv scene to
night of the eleventh annual banquet of
the Stockton High School alumni. The
guests of the cv ning were the Hasp of '99,
which graduated to-day. Three hundred
down ai the banquet tables. Surgeon
Ladd, who recently returned from Ma
made one of th<- most Interesting
•alks of the evening. H^ is very much
• 1 to th< annexation of the islands.
Vinton Peterson, a young newspaper man.
made a pleasant talk. THe address of
n* was delivered by President J.
W. Kerrick '88, and the response by
Charles Thorp, president of the class of
'99. The programme included "Historical
Recollections."' by Mis.« Ethel Wood
bridge '9S: "The Guard and Tackle" by
Charles Miller '99; a vocal solo, "An Open
Secret,'.' by Miss Bessie Rosenbaum '99;
"Haphazard Thoughts," by L. Vinton
Peterson '98; "The Ladies," by George W
I eistm . '96; v ical solo by Miss Emma
Debnam '81; "Reminiscences," by Dr. Ira
R Ladd poem l>y Miss Lucy Harris;
song, male quartet, James Rhea A C
Parker. F. F. Black and R. E. Wilcox.
I'his programme was followed by dancing.
The officers of the alumni are: Presi
dent, C. W. Norton '83; first vice presi-
George It. Baker '92; second vice
president, Martha Heinman '98; third vice
president, Charles Thorn '95; secretary
Orrin S. Henderson '81; treasurer, Clark
Wakefleld '96; historian. Ethel Wood
bridge '93; poetess, Margaret Fitzger
ald '96.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, June 23.— The Bureau
of Supplies of the Navy Department has
asked for bids fur 5115 tons .>f assorted
coal, 1700 bushels of charcoal and 190 tons
of coke for use at the Mare Island Navy
Yard; also for 300 extra tons of coal for
the Naval Hospital. The bids will be
opened on July' l\
A postofflce was to-day established at
Wengier, Bhasta County, and Mathias
Wengler was appointed postmaster. The
special postal service between Nlcasio
and San Geronimo, Cal., will be discontin
ued after June ...
Army orders: J:y direction of the Asslst
'' din Secretary of War the following named
enlisted men stationed at the Presidio >>f
Kan Francisco will be discharged from the
service of the United States by the cum
manding officer of that station: Private
Prank I>. Dewar, Troop F, Fourth United
States Cavalry; Private George A. Fry
man, Twenty-third United States Infan
try; unassigned Recruits Michael Dough
• rty. ESlijah J. Fancher, George Freeman,
Harold F. Hoit. John J. Hollister, George
E3. Howard, Samuel C. Fryor and Thomas
E. I'ruett. general service. Privates
Henry D. Call, Roger McCoy and Thomas
T. Banders, Eighteenth United States In
fantry, unassigned; Private Alva Owen,
Twenty-third united States Infantry, un
assigned; Recruits bamar Houston and
Howard Wright, general service.
Privates Arthur Culver and John M.
Elchhorn, Company B, Fourteenth
United States Infantry. Ang"l Island. Cal.,
will be discharged without honor from the
service of the United States by the com
manding officer of that post.
Corporal "William A. Hueston. Company
C, Privates Pall Goodman, George W.
Martin and James Taylor, Company — ,
1 Twenty-fourth United States Infantry
i Presidio <>f San Francisco, are transferred
as privates t<> the hospital corps. They
will report to the commanding general,
Department of California, for assignment
1 to duty.
Captain William B. Reynolds. Four
! teenth United States Infantry, is relieved
i fri'm duty as a member of the board of
officers appointed to meet ;i t Fort Leav
! enworth, Kansas, for the examination of
applicants for appointment as second
lieutenant in the army, to take effect upon
i the completion of the rases now before
the board, and will then proceed to San
Francisco and report in person to toe
I commanding general. Department of Cal«
i Ifornla, for assignment to temporary
duty.
Post Quartermaster Sergeant Alvin
Arndt (appointed June 20), now at Ma! >-
j los, Philippine Islands., will be sent to
Manila and will report upon his arrival
to the commanding general. Department
I of the Pacific, f<r assignment to duty.
Si cond Lieutenant Arthur F. Cassels,
Seventh I'nited States Artillery, is o.e
--j tached from that regiment and will pro
, ceed t" Camp Meade, Pennsylvania, and
report in person to tlie commanding offl
j cer of the Nineteenth T'nited States In
! fantry for duty with that regiment until
Its arrival in the Philippine Islands, when
i lie will report to the commanding g^n
| eral. Department of the Pacific, for is
j sipnment to duty with the Sixth United
. States Artillery.
Pensions- for Cnlifornians: Oripina!—
Horace Wright. Loi-- Angoles, $10; Charles
! W. Wallace. GuernevilTei $C: Alexander
: S. Bailey. I'kinh. SS; Benjamin E. Crapo,
i Pomona. $S; Charles M. Clement. Dinuba
(8. Additional (special, June 14 ) — Robert
A. Henderson, San Francisco, $6 to $10.
Increase— Charles R. Slaysman, Gilroy,
;$6 to $8; James M. Mot-Ran, Solrtiers'
! Home. Los Angeles, $0 to $10; Henry
I Schwartz. Son Francisco, $S to $1U;
j Thomas J. Spratt, San Francisco, $8 to
no.
Oregon: Original— Lorenzo D. Knisrht.
! nilamook, ?'">. Increase; — John Dahack,
Eagle Point, $8 to $12.
Washington: Increase— Frank Stevens.
Olympla. $6 to $12; Jacob Shiling. Lake
Tapps, ?0 to $*: Samuel J. Teaehnor, Van
asselt. $X to $10. Original widows, etc. -
Minors of Nelson Baker. Tacoma, $12.
I John E. Rockhold of San Francisco h*s
been appointed clerk in the Geological
Survey at $SOO per annum.
Five Years for Mooney.
MERCED, June 2C.— Judge Webb of
Fresnn. who presided In the K. J. Mooney
arson case, to-day sentenced Mooney to
five years at San Quentin. He is ad
mitted to a $4000 bail, pending the decision
of the Supreme Court.
INCREASED THE
MONTHS OF STUDY
Work of the Institute of
Homeopathy.
HONORS TO DR. E. M. KELLOGG
ALL COLLEGES NOW TO HAVE
A UNIFORM CURRICULUM.
Physicians Warned Against Sending
Patients to Opticians — Discus
sions on the Treatment of
Pulmonary Troubles.
Special Dispatch to The Cril.
ATLANTIC CITY. -V. .1.. June T,.— At
to-day's session of the American Institute
of Homeopathy the board of censors rec
ommended the election of forty-two ap
plicants for membership and also report
ed sixteen new applications. This makes
a total "f 213 members elected during the
■nt convention. The committee on
medical education recommended that the
institute encourage medical teaching in
State universities; that colleges should l"
liberally endowed; that instructors should
be salaried where possible: that no teach
j ing should be permitted except from thosi
spi cially trained for the respective de
partments, and that all colleges should
i have uniform curriculum for entrance, m
; terxnedJate and final examinations and
: study. This was adopted.
The resolution warning physicians
against sending thoir patients to opti
riii'.s who have no medical training wa-3
adopted. Considerable time was taken
up in the adoption of a number of amend
ments to the by-laws, after which the
delegates paid a tribute to Dr. B. M. Kel
logg of New York. w!n> has been treasurer
for thirty-three years, and who now vol
untarily relinquishes that position. A com
mittee to present i suitable testimonial
to the veteran treasurer was appointed.
Drs. George D. Shelton of New York.
Alonzo Bootnhy of Boston, 1.. F. Bailey ol
Lincoln, Nebr., C. S. Reynolds of Minne
apolis and J. it. Kippex of Chicago were
appointed a committee on tinamc for the
Hahnemann monument fund.
The report of the intercollegiate com
mittee was completed by Dr. Kippex.
1 Among the recomm ndations made and
'adopted was one thai after the present
j year all medical colleges shall have a
course of four years of not less than
i seven months each instead of six months.
The formal announcement of the el'ction
j of officers hell yesterday was made.
Pharmacopeia held the attention of the
delegates for the remainder of the
Bession.
The feature of the afternoon was the
section in clinical medicine and pathology,
in which pulmonary tuberculosis was
thoroughly discussed. The first paper
read was that of Dr. Charles (iatchell of
Chicago cm "Prevention and General
Treatment of Pulmonary Tuberculosis."
Then followed several others papers and
open discussions on tuberculosis in its
various stages and the treatment and pre
vention of tli' disease. Among the speak
ers were William L. Woodruff, Phoenix.
Ariz.; W. H. Uanchctt. Omaha, Neb., and
A. M. dishing. Springfield, Mass. Dr.
j Cushlng said that if the physician would
give the consumptive patient five or six
eggs in lemonade each day he would have
no funerals.
The section in neurology and electro
therapeutics had a special meeting this
afternoon. Dr. W. P. Carpenter of Co
lumbus delivered an address on "auto
intoxication as influencing cases of men
tal depression."
The institute reassembled at S o'clock
to discuss surgery. The first jiaper was
by Dr. S. S. Symthe of Denver, who made
a special address on "homeopathy as re
lated to gynecology."
The graduates of Hahnemann College
of Philadelphia treated the delegates to
night to a "Night In Bohemia."
SCHEME TO LOWER PRICES.
Fruit-Buyers Delay the Making of
Contracts for Crops.
MARYSVILLK, June 23.—Horticultur
ists of iMs section are anxious regarding
the prices they are to receive for their
fruit this season. The managers of the
canneries have told them they had in
structions to make no figure? on fruit
crops before July 8. One grower said to
day:
"I take that to mean that thf> combine
has a Bcheme on foot. It proposes to hold
off until the fruit is thoroughly ripened
on the trees, and. consequently. 'in a con
dition that will force the grower to dis
pose of his product at the first oppor
tunity. Early in the season we were led
to believe choice peaches would bring $45
and JGO a ton, but now we are told we
must consider ourselves in luck if we get
$30 or $35 a ton."
Want r Free Ferry.
TtIO VISTA. June 23.— The petition of
Yolo County residents in the vicinity of
Freeport to the Sacramento Board of Su
pervisors, asking that body not to grant
the De goto ferry franchise, has provoked
a class war in that section. Instead of tie
toll ferry the Yoloites desired a free
ferry, but met organized opposition by
the Sacramttitana residing along the river
who claim they have been unable to oh
tain much-needed improvements, and,
therefore, do not want to pay Yolo citi
zens' ferriage. In the vicinity of Walnut
Grove a bridge is wanted across Geor
giana Slough, but for two years the mat
ter has hung fire. This is given a? a
reason for the opposition to the Voloites.
The proposed bridge would be a groat
benefit to residents of that vicinity. It is
estimated $3000 would cover the entire
coet of construction.
OGILVIE DENIES
RESPONSIBILITY
•Royalty Charges Not
Based on His Reports.
BLAMES SENSATIONAL PRESS
STATES THAT HE NEVER AD
VISED THEIR IMPOSITION.
He Has Great Faith in the District
and Holds to His Estimate
of the Output Made
Two Years Ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C. June 23.— A late issue
of the Klondike Miner received here to
day has the following interview with
Commissioner Ogilvie on the Yukon
royalty:
'•As to the royalties, I never advised
their Imposition and I do not believe that
my reports have been responsible for it.
I have reported a great faith in the coun
try and stated the facts upon which I
base my faith, and that faith I still Jiuve.
By order in council of July 2S, 1897, the
regulations which pr.vious to that time
exacted a royalty <.f 2 per cent were
amended, making the royalty 10 and 20
per cent, according to the product of the
mine, as is well known. Had my reports
been 'responsible in any way for this the
change must have been made long before.
The last reports which I sent to Ottawa
from this region previous to my arrival
there in person were dispatched about
the middle of January, 1897. I have as-
Berted, not only as the result of my own
observations but those of men upon whom
I can rely, that Bonanza from No. 60 be
low to No. ft) above, will !■■' good for $30.
--000,000, and thai El Dorado will produce
tin- same sum and that the whole district
in the vicinity of Dawson will probably
yield $100.000,0<>u.
"I do not believe any of these Btate
ments are exaggerations. What really
led t" the Imposition of the royalty, in my
belief, was the grossly exaggerated state
ments in Ihe newspapers of the U'estt m
coast, which papers seemed to vie with
one another in printing the most sensa
tional tales nt th.- w.-alth brought out by
the miners who landed at Seattle and San
Francisco.
'"Most of them were absurd inventions.
If not of th,' miners themselves, then of
the reporters; but they were sent by wire
over the world and were accepted no
doubt by the people <>f Canada as truth,
and it was the wish of the people that the
gr'at expense that this new country was
then piling up at Ottawa should be met
in some measure at least out of these
vast sums that 'he ground was said to be |
yielding up. That is the explanation of
the royalty. It will be removed imme- ;
diately upon this impression being cor- [
rected." I
NORTHERNERS FAVOR
ANTI-TRUST CONFERENCE
There Is a Marked Apathy in the
Southern and Western
States.
AUSTIN, Texas, June ::. Governor
Bayers has heard from the Governors <>f
nearly all of the Northern and Eastern
States dr. the suiij-et of the proposed
anti-trust conference to he held in St.
Louis and whb a f< w exceptions they an
all in favor of th< movement. The < ;>>v
ernors of th,' Smith- rn a:.d far Western
States are slow i;> responding to the In
vitation vi attend thi i ice, which
is an Indication that they are Indifferent
on the subject. Governor Bayers re
ceived a letter from Governor Frank W*.
Kmmlijm.s of New Hampshire to-day as
fellows:
"I would be giad to attend the confer
ence of Governors, as you suggest, but
owing to other official duties it will be
impossible for m> to do SO."
Divorced From Erring Pastor.
STOCKTON, June 23.— Jennie E. Jones
was to-day granted a decri c of divorce
from K. A. Jones. The decree was given
on a default to charms of desertion. The
defendant will be remembered as a Clem
ents preacher who achieved a wider repu
tation as a lawbreak v than as a minister
of the gospel. He (led when the charge
tiiat he forged the name of Mrs. Putman
was made against him. Since then nothing
has been heard of him. Jones was well
connected in this county, but evil pro
clivities kept him In trouble.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/r» f*_fi *^ c man w k° breaks
J*^ fe*-'l in the wild, vicious
(BX* /'/) / bronchos on the west-
rkol //S Jf/ crn plains must have
V\ sly superb physical en-
\\ 'Sji durance, nerves oi
gV 'v\. st ? e '» unconquerable
<j&«rs=^^i^Y im , determination
' "'" 'and persistency. The
city or town bred man who has all his life
humped his back over a de3k, living an
unhealthy, sedentary life and failed to take
any care of his health, could not stay on
the back of one of these vicious brutes for
more than three jumps.
It takes a whole man to conquer a vicious
animal. People may talk about intellectual
superiority and refinement and good breed-
ing, but every man takes off his hat to
physical strength and endurance. While
the man who leads a sedentary life cannot
hope, in this respect, to rival these sturdy
men of the plains, they can be sound, vig-
orous, healthy men if they will. It is a
matter of care of health while one has it,
and the proper measures to restore it when
it is lost. Most diseases begin with some
trouble of the digestive organs or of the
liver. Troubles of, this nature starve the
body, because they prevent it from receiv-
ing its proper supply of nourishment. Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery gives a
man an appetite like a cow-boy's and the
digestion of an ostrich. Its great work is
upon the stomach, large inter-tines and liver.
These are the organs that nourish a man's
body. This medicine makes them strong,
vigorous and healthy. It fills the blood
with the nourishment that builds new,
solid and healthy flesh, muscle and nerves.
" I am now enjoying magnificent health, after
having suffered for years with chronic catarrh."
writes Ramon Sanchez, Esq.. of Penasco. Taos
Co.. New Mexico. "By the use of your ' Golden
Medical Discovery' I have recovered my health,
and am now. physically a sound man, attending
to ray business and enjoying life."
I |
I Cure Pain in the I
I Stomach and Distress!
Stomach and Distress |
| After Eating. J
1 10 cents and 25 cents— Druggists I
ADVERTISEMENTS. ______ _^
J. HEALTH ,STPEMQIH_MS_ I
VIGOR" IN. REACH •■ |
li^l^i OF ALL I
■~^-^^T^f." r . ' * "I *
*r*^^j^*^-^&4 ■■■■■ '
■
• • • j/
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt ■*
This grand Belt has cured four thousand people in California during :;:
the past live -years. It cures Nervous and Vital "Weakness, Rheuma- |'
tism, Lame Back and Kidney Troubles. It cures many of the worst 4'
forms of Nervous Debility after all else fails.
It Will Cure You. \
When your neighbor says it cured him, when you know that over <..
10,000 men have been restored by it, you must have confidence in this *
wonderful Belt. If you have failed in other means that is.no argument %
against it, for nine out of ten of its cures were, made after all else had f
failed. It pours vitality into the nerves and muscles, restoring the %
wasted power, and it must cure. It is worth its weight in gold, for it *
saturates the weakened body with new life, new vigor, new manhood. £
Call or Send for My Book, "Three Classes of Men." !
This tells about it and gives hundreds of grateful letters. If you are £
a weak man read it. Sent free, sealed, on application. If possible, call «£.
and examine the Belt and test it, free. *
TV,-. TUT A TUf^.T ammUli'm 702 Market St., cor. Kearny, S. F.; <£
Dr. M. A. McLaugnlin, f t Y?f Os m.* « SP r g aaa Becond f
*-■> ' Ms., Los Acgiies. <;>
Office Hours— a.m. to S:3O p.m.: Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. '■'■
■ <s>
BAILROAD TEAVEL.
TllF.lt> PACIFIC CO3IPAXY.
(PACIFIC svsrr.M.)
Trslnn i«*i»i •• »i>fi are ilue lo nrrlve at !
NAN i'iIASiCJS'.K)..
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
IKave — From June 1, 1599. — arrive
' ■
7:OOa nonicia, fiuisun and Sacramento.... 0:45p 1
1:OOa HarysvUle. Crovillohml Kedding via
Woodland 3:45p j
7:00 a Elmira, Vacavillo and Kumsey 8:45p 1
7<itOA Martinez, Sanltaraon.Vallejo, Naps,
Calistcga aud Santa Itosa 6:lsj> !
8:00* Atlaut'.' Kxpress, Ogden and I'.ast.. Bil>lp
SiHOa Snn Jose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, hiacrainento, Placerville,
MaryßTill.iChL'o. lteiUnuff 4ilfJ
S:SOa *Ml.ton, Oal;d»leand .Sonora -l:i:}p
O:OOa Hayw&rds. Niles and Way .Stations. 11:»5a
9:00 a Martinez. Tracy, I.athrop, Stockton,
Merctd and Fresno 12:13p
O:UUa rrcsuo, BakenOekl Bauta K.ul aro,
Ijot Angeles. Doming, El l'aso.
New Orleans and East 0:43 p I
1O:OO\ Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:f."ip ■
1 1 :OOa Hayw&rda, Nilea and Way Stations. 2:l~>r '
I 2:00 m Kiles, Livcrmore, Stockton, bacra-
mento, Mcndota, Ilanford, Visalia,
Pcrtorrillo 4:lSp !
•l:OOp Sccrainento UiverSteftincrs *S:OOp '
S:OOp Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 0:43p '
•#:««!• Martinez. .San ltnmoii, Vollejo,-
Nnpa, Culifttoga, Suuta Ilosa l):l.T* :
4:OOi- Bcnicia. Vacaville, Kacraiiii^nto,
Wood and, Knights Landing,
Marynvllin, Oro7illo 10:48* |
4:3opNtles, San Joao aud Stockton" .' 7:13p :
4:8 Op Yosemito Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:19*
O:OOpTho Owl. Tracy, Fresno, Bakers-
neld. tiaueus for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles 9:45* '
3:30p Stockton. Merced, Fresno 12:13p
O:3op Slartinrz, Tracy, Mendoto, Fresno, .
Mojavo and 1.0.1 Auselea 8:43* ;
B:30p Santa Va Itouto, Atlantic Kipress
forMojnro on I Kast 0.-15? :
O;O«r Kuropeiiii Hail, Ugtieti and i:ast.... 9:-I.la
6:00p UayTT3rd3, Niles and .San Jose 7:4.1 a
•0:OO|- Vnllcjo 12:1.-- ,
?HMr Oregon I^pirß^bucraincnto, Marjß-
ville. Itoildlng, I'ortluinl, I'uget
Sound ami Bast 7«4»a
}9t**p Vallalo. Port Costa and Way Bta-
Mom tlO"K>g
COAST division (Narrow Oasge).
(Foot of Market Street.) ____^
J7:43a Bantu Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JB:osp
B:lsANewark,Centcrvillp,fJanJoae,Ft!iton,
BouldcrCrcck.SaataCruzand Way
Stations 3:50*
2»13p Newark, CentcrTille, Ban Joso, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Sauta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations " 1 « : vi ,
■1:1.1 San Joao. Glenwcod aud Way Sta-
tions 0:29 \
Hi 13? Fclton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tions / 9:80.4,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN FIUKOISCO— Fact or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.M. |I:C3 "2:00 t3:09
•irOO 15:00 »6:OOiV
FronCin.kND— Foot o f liro.-.dy.aj.— T>:00 8:00 10:O0a.1I.
U2:03 «l:03 t2;00 "3:03 ti:00 _ «3:DOr.M.
COAST DIVISION (Rroatl flniigo).
(Third v.;id To-.viise:ul Sts.)
•«:lO.\ Ocean Viov, South Kan Francisco.. *0:30p
•7:OOa San Jobo Riul Wny Stations (New
Alinadcn Wcilncsdayn only) .'. i:.:»r '•
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion ■ for San Joso.
Banta Cm/, P:icifl'i Orovo and
Principal Way Stations {8:33*
•iOOa San .lore, 'J'rea Pinos, H:!i:ta Cruz,
racilir. Qtote, Paso Eoblea, .Sau
Lulu Oblspo. Guadalui>o t Sure and
Principal Way StaUoua 4:l©f ;
10:10% Snn Joso nml Way Stnlinns *«:OOa
■ 1:30 a Ban Juno ami Way Stations 0:30?
•«i4si- Ban Mateo. Jtcdiroort. ilcnlo PRrk,
P»Io Alto. Santa Clara. Kan .lose,
Oilroy. Holiiater. Bauta Cm;:,
Rnlinas. Monterey ami Pncilic
CiOTO ; *10:3S«
•3:3O P .San and Way Str.Mnns *!):OOa
•1:15!- San J0.19 end Principal Way .Stations 0:45 a
•3:00p San Jobo and Principal W.-.y Stations ti:33A
s:rtt)p Uau Joso «nd Principal Way Stations • "8:35 a
6t3Op Ban Joasaml Way Stations 7:SOp
tll:-top San JoBoandWay Stations ; 7::i0i«
A for Morning. P or Afternoon "*
• excepted. } Sunday onlr. t Saturday only. '
fcSatutday and Sunday. ■ /Sunday and Monday,
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR. CHICAGO a.m. THE EAST T\KE
'MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES. '
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
BAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE 62S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE, Main K3l "
OAKLAND OFFICE. ins Broadway
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. . Santa Clara street
I _ ■ — ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
JTrom Jan. IS, 1899. trains wIU ran m followw :
Bouth-bound. I North-bound.
Pwsen- Mixed. . {miz»4. Passed
ger. Sunday Station*. Sunday per
Exc'ptd Excptd ' Dally.
' T:M am 10:30 am Stockton 3:f5 pm 6:00 prn i
• :10am 2:OC pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 prn
10:40 am 8:33 P ll * Fresno 9:30 am 2:« pra
i 11:38 am 7:43 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pnj
t:2S pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 1:00 am 11:00 aro
11:69 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla «:40 ami 1:22 pm i
11:16 pm 6:51 pm Tulare 6:50 am 1:05 pn» ,
Stopping at intermediate polnta aa required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager* Ollice. 131 Mark*!
street Ban Traaclaca; - — ax«at j
EAHEOAD TRAVEIi.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. Cd
LESSE2
m FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
*WEEiC DAYS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:3J»
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays—^ Extra trips at I:3*
and 11:30 p. m.
BUN DAYS— B:9O, 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; I^o. 1:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. in.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
tTEIiK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:00, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43.
1:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdaya— trips at
1:'.;. and Q:35 p. in. .
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40. h:Vk.
6:25 p. m. •
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. ■
Leave Arrive
Ban KYanclsco. In Effect San Francisco.
. April 18, —
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Says. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am j - -8:40 an
1:30 pm 9:30 an: 7!etaluma. I 6:05 pm 10:23 an»
6:10 pm 6:00 pro Santa Kosa. j 7:35 pm 6:20 pea
Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor. 10:25 44
HeaJdsburar. -
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm $:20 pm
7:SO am Hopland and 10:25 a.n%
1:30 paj 8:00 am UUiah. j 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:80 am ■ 10:25 aa
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:20 psg
7:30 am 8:00 am Soncma 10:40 am 8:40 ax*
and
5:10 pm 5:90 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm .6:20 pi*
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 ana
t:3O pm 5:00 pm ; 1 7:35 pm| 6:20 pn»
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springy; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake*
port and liartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvillet
Booneville, Phiio. Christine, Soda Springs.
Kavnrro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendi no City, Fort' Bragg.
WeBtport, Una!. V.':llltt.=. Laytonvllle, Cum*
mins:'?. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a. Dyer.
Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
rediicf-d rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point)
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlro?. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
80RTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Scnsollto Percy.
Commencing April 2?.. IS3O.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY"
AND SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS 7:00. »8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a m-
•l:4.">. 3:20, 4:00. 5:13, '6:i 6. 0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafß»l. on Moi ■•■;. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11: SO p. m
SUNDAYS «8:00, *j:j. •10:0(>, 11:00, 11-30
a. m.; 1:00. *1:45. ,*2: SO. »4:no. , r .:o0. 6:4,"; p. m.
11:00' a. m. does nr.t run to Pan Rari Sundays,
&:30 p. m. does not run tc Mill Vnl'y Sunday si
Trains marked t') run to Pan Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-r,:!.-. •6:10. 7:5.j, 8:40. '10-20
a. m.: 12:30, 2:15. *S:4O. 4:r> 5:15 p m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, \Vednesday 3
an.i Saturdays. .it 6:1" rji ; 10:15 p. m
SUNDAYS »S:00, »9:40. 'IOMo. *11:43
a. m. ; 1:00, 2:20. •3:30, ':-:V. »6:00, 7:00, 10:10
p. m.
Trains marked <*1 mn tn San Qupmin •
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCIS
WEEK DAYS 5:15. 8:50, 7::.:., 8:55 10:35
a. it;.; 12:3o, 2:4".. !:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. .10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12 : os
1:20. 2:40. 3:3.". B:3fl fi:HO. 10:20 p. m
THR< GH TRAINS.
7:' i a. m. week days— Cnzr.rlero and way sta'ns
?.:20 p. m. Saturday"— Cazadern and way sta'na!
5:15 p. m.'s w?ek days iriatur<!ay3 excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— C-=ndero and way sta'ns
1:45 p. m Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns!
a»OUKT TAMALPAIS SiCEMC RAILWAY
Leave Ban Francirco*. V via Knusaliio Pern
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23 IS'J9
WEEK DAYS, fl:. 1 !') a. m, an.l !:i ; , p." " m
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and' Satur-
day at 5:13 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings. Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 i> m
SUNDAYS, .8, 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and ; 4 d 2-30
and -I :.. m
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return SI 40
THQFv COOK v PON Acts.. figi Market rt.
THE WEEKLY CALL
61 pep Year*
x
r ' i; ';" > . for ""nnrrhwa,
j^w'».uHEb«« kJ. 6 **' Spermatorrhoea,
/Kffifl':altas(ltyii.^J Whites, unnatural lij.
nflr - Gcir»DU.vl W jparges, or any infliimma-
JK-SSp™-,«. "£• tl ? n - irritation or uloera-
E^lre.cnts coatadon. tion c£ mucous mem-
K»*arHF.EvANSCHEV(iniiflo. Cranes. Non-aatringont.
wSgkpiNCINHATI.O 9BRJ old & * Hirau.-rie.is.
s3(rf^. D". 1. a: "2&B or nt 13 plain wrapper,
*S^Cs*3B»*— --cWSESiI ■.■•.' iaitv., prepaid, I'of
iiMinii 1 m Circular won wh te«a-ahMECHANICS' FAIR
WILL HAVE MANY
NOVEL FEATURES
Exposition to Continue
Five Weeks.
SPECIAL COLONIAL DISPLAY
♦ —
FILIPINO LIFE AND CUSTOMS
TO BE REPRESENTED.
Improvements Will Be Made in the
Pavilion and the Special Fea
tures Are to Be Very
Elaborate.
When the Mechanics' Institute ' Fair
opens on September 2 the San Francisco
public will Bee something new in exposi
tions. The novel feature this year will be
the tropical exhibil scenes of life, man
■r.y] customs as they exist In the
Philippine islands, reproductions of the
:It ural and manufacturing 1 indus
!" the natives and complete displays
of the natural productions of their land.
• of tlie Pavilion
■will ho unbroken and will form a vista of
- and tropical plants from the Lar
kin-stri i i ■ ntrance to the Polk-street side.
The nfusic stand will be moved from its
former central position to the left of the
aisle, both sides of. which will be
•■! by high palms, meeting above
forming ;i complete arch. Nature
will be copied bo ar. -fully that it will
: • • 'l a keen eye to detect the work of the
n in the production of ;his
arched aisl". in order t<> secure a proper
the aisle will he twenty-five feet in
width, an increase of five feet on that of
r years. At niprht myriads of Incan
t litrhts s<>t within the deep foliage
and nn thi -• : a will make a fairy
arbor "f ti;is Imitation of ;i tropical sc< :;•■.
■ ■ • • ■••,. st • nd of ihe gallery there will
•••••■ exhibit, tin chief feature of
is :■> be a German castle and its
ickground. Tin- entire Polk
• :he Pavilion will be o< cv
■ this exhibit. In the art gallery
■■ • m; m will me given to local
Rase hen lias this section
■
'■ ■■ - band will supply the music,
■ lal features are being arranged
.• : \ afternoon and evening. Miss
R ymond has been engaged as a
• a foist.
Filipinos will not hold exclusive na
rivileges. A family of Porno Indians
Mendoclno County will revel on the
i door in all their characteristic
• • ■ umber Beven, and such
- ;i~ war-whoops, fantastic dances,
-making and arrow practice will
X ep their minds occupied during the rive
m. • • ks of the exposition.
trary to preceding fairs, the opening:!
Saturday night. To assure
• the different exhibits for
display five cash prizes— sloo, $90,
$70 and $»i !| — have been "fft-red to the
thibits ready at the opening, j
U priz< a of $1 " and (50 will be given i
two machinery exhibits on the i
opening night.
The fair will close on October 7.
STOPS A BIG JOB.
No Money Now for the Panhandle
Extension Titles,
City and County Attorney Lane has
filed an opinion with the Board of Super
visors relative to the necessity of award-
Ins the contract to furnish title insurance
for the property embraced in the park
panhandle extension, which will put a stop
to the plan to pay something over $25,000
a th( present time for titles. Attorney
Lane says, in part:
The board has decided by resolution to con
demn certain property for park purposes. This
i.rop^rtv must he paid for by the sale of bonds.
To ascertain the probable cost of the property
your board has decided to have the property
appraised by a board of appraisers. Upon the
r.port of these experts It may be deemed wise
by your board to all a bond election, or It may
not If you <3n not call such election the pro
ceedings "will there end, as It would be Idle to
b.-Kin pminont domain proceedings without pos
sibility of paying tor the property. If you call
such election the people will then determine
whether they want this improvement, and if
they ■iocid* In favor of the bond issue it will
then b" proper to secure abstracts of title or
i ther • .idence of the necessary parties defend
er : ! can see no reason why. the appointment
. • ippraisers should wait upon the securing of
title insurance or abstracts of title. The ap
-1 '.'sfrs must do their work prior to the bond
<-i->.-t!on that the I pie may know how larce
an Issue of bonds may be needed. The city
surely should not expend money now for ab
stracts which would be altogether wasted if
the vote of the people was adverse to the
B'-culsition of the property. I advise that the
contract between the city and the appraisers
be executed if it is your intention to call a
bond election, and that all other matters relat
ing to the contemplated condemnation proceed
ing* be deferred until after the proposed bond
PARENTS MAKE THEM STEAL
Four Small Boys Are Arrested for
Purloining Coal.
11 -mall boys— Frank Henry, 211H
• •': John Fay. 27> Freelon street;
Fohn McDennott, 17. Freelon street, and
• 30 Freelon street— whom
iges range from 6 to 10 years, were ar
.-•.,i yesterday m< riilng by Special Or
Madden of the Southern Pacilic
vhile stealing coal from the bunker? at
fourth and Kinp streets. Each boy had
■ pack which he had filled with the coal.
Th.- boys were sent In the patrol wagon
 the City Prison, and when Captain
Seymour saw them he refused to allow
h«-ir names to be recorded In the prison
. r Attorney Frank Kelly, who rep
■cSents the Southern Pacific, happened to
iron Into the prison and coincided with
he action of the captain, as ho said the
. re to I.lam.' In compelling their
hildren to st< al the coaL
Captain Splllane took the addresses of
hp hoys and sent them home, notifying
their parents to be in court to-day, when
they will be admonished by the Judge.
DENTISTS ADJOURN.
Closing Session of the Annual State
Convention.
Th»* fourth day of the convention of
tbf> California State Dental Association
wns devoted to clinics, discussion and to
the reading of papers. The entire pro-
Krammp w;is completed and the associa
tion adjourned for a year.
j>r. Walter Lewis read a most interest
ing paper "n "Patholopy and Surgery."
Up was followed by Dr. .T. P. Parker,
whose subject was "Therapeutics." Both
papers were discussed at the close of the
Hinleal work. "The Dental College of To-
Day," by I-. L. Dunbar of San Francisco,
was an entertaining paper, furnishing a
report of the requisites of dental work
and the fitting of apparatus. Frank L.
I'latt read a paper on "What Constitutes
ai! Ethical Practitioner."
The clinics demonstrated in yesterdays
session were "Porcelain Inlays." by Dr.
F. K. Ledyard r»f Ban Jose, and "Admln
tion Of Definite Mixtures of Oxygen
and Nitrous Oxide," by Dr. L. Van Or
d<-n.
Souvenir Mailing Cards, showing views
around the city, 2."> c a dozen. For sale by all
stationery and the publisher, E. H. Mitchell,
.. : Post street, San Francisco •
SHOT HER SON-IN-LAW.
Judge Graham Held That Mrs. Bertha,
Pilcher Was Justified.
Mrs. Bertha Pilcher appeared in Judpe
Graham's court yesterday morning on her
preliminary examination for assault to
murder In shootinK her son-ln-law, An
tonio Guatelli, In the neck at her resi
dence near the Five Mile House about a
w.ck ago.
iJuatelll took the stand and admitted
thai he went to his mother-in-law's house
and broke the windows and door with the
butt end of a revolver. While engaged
in that pastime his mother-in-law fired
a shot at him and the bullet struck him
in the neck. In answer "to the Judge's
questions, he said ho broke the windows
and door as a joke.
The Judge dismissed the case, holding
that Mrs. Pilcher was justified In pro
HIS SHROUD, THE FLAG.
HIS TRIBUTE, MEMORY
THE hody of Lieutenant Philip
I-ansdale. h?r<» of Samoa, was
laid away yesterday on the nills
of Cypress Lawn Cemetery. His
prave lies hirrh up on a ridjz'- in
Ip shadow of the peaks of San Bruno
fountain; the west wind sine:? a lulla-
by from the sea among the trees over
his head, and to where a new-made
mound marks the place of his resting,
a Hue rift of the ocean throws hack
a etas, loss farewell to oik- of its ni"st
loyal sens. His shroud is the flag he
served bo faithfully, and the earth that
covers his ashes'is heavy with flowers
strewn on his bier by those who loved
him.
With military promptitude the fu
neral train formed on the wharf. There
was a. detehment of blue jackets and
a detachment of marine? on foot, the
band of the Philadelphia and all her
officers. The unaccustomed sight of
seamen on parade told at once the tale
of the flag-draped hearse and its bur
den, and as the line passed up the
street Hags were lowered to half-nn^t
ar..l men stood uncovered until the
procession had passed. Up Market
street to Golden Gate avenue, out
Golden Gate avenue to Van Ness ave
nue, and then up to the church of SI.
Luke, where the services were to he
held, the escort and its charge Blowiy
made its nay.
The church was dressed as if for a
weakling; the flowers were the same
and in profusion as great as any bride
could desire; roses of red and of white;
lilies, ferns and brakes and corn
flowers robbed the chancel rail of its
bareness and lent their fragrance and
th-ir beauty, and .ilgh over the altar
a single star of flame blazed from the
gref-n of maidenhair and the glint of
crimson carnations. Only a single
wisp of crape threw Its gloom over the
scene ami changed the character and
the meaning of the heaping blossoms.
The wall of the band heralded tin?
approach of the bier and then the
organ took up the sound and filled the.
church with the notes of a dirge.
Chaplain McAllister led the train up
the aisle, chanting the opening words
of the Episcopal service for the dead.
tecting her property from destruction.
Mrs. Pilcher has been suffering from hys
teria since her arrest and yesterday after
noon was taken to the German Hospital.
Youths' Directory Baazar.
The general committee in charge of the
Youths' Directory Bazaar held its regu
lar bi-monthly meeting on Thursday even
ing at 2030 Howard street. Encouraging
reports were received from all the sub-
DWELT FORTY YEARS BEHIND
THE WALLS OF SAN QUENTIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 24, 1899.
Just behind him wero Bishop Nichols
Hnii Bishop Moreland, then came the
pallbearers and then the coffin, borno
by eight sturdy, sunbrowned sailors.
The coffin was covered with the na
tional colors and was smothered under
a profusion of flowers, and across 'it
lay the dead man's chapeati and the
sword he had wielded bravely and so
well in defense of his country's honor.
Bishop Moreland read the lesson,
one from St. Paul's epistle to the
Corinthians, and then all knelt In
prayer, which was led by Bishop
Nichols. Two hymns were sung by
the choir during the service and then
with a benediction it ended. The offi
cers, in their gorgeous uniforms,
formed as before after the casket, the
sailors took up their burden and the
congregation rose in deference and re
spect as they bore it down the aisle
and out of the church.
There was a special train in readi
ness at the railroad station at Third
and Townsend streets, and the few
who went to the cemetery boardfd it
at a few minutes before 12 o'clock.
At the cemetery the ground around
tile stopping place had been covered
with matting and around the edges
were thrown little Bprigs of marguer
ites. Upon this carpet the funeral
trjin formed again and then, headed
by the band, it wound its way up the
hill to where the h< ro was to rest.
Despite the boisterous wind from the
beach officers and friends marched un
covered, keeping step to the melan
committees. Communications from prom
inent citizens proved the lively interest
taken in th>' good cause. As usual most
of the talking waa done by the men. but
they gallantly admitted that In this as In
everything else they would be helpless
without the ladies. Hence most of the
measures quietly advocated by the ladies
were adopted. It seems to be settled that
the bazaar will be held in Armory Hall,
near Tenth and Market streets, during
the first two weeks of October. The next
regular meeting will be hold July 6 at
: 20"0 I Inward street. All ino.mhors of the
I committee have been requested to attend.
Wheelmen Want Flat Bails.
The wheelmen are in favor of the flat
'< rail for street car tracks, as is shown by
i the following petition to the Supervisors:
i California Associated Cycling Clubs, San Fran
clfco, June 23. 1889.
; To the Honorable Hoard of Supervisors of the
City and County of San Francisco — Gentlemen:
i I would respectfully recomr">nd as the chief
, officer of the California Associated Cycling
Clubs,' the adoption of the amendment offered
j by Supervisor Bylngton, compelling the use of
the Berlin rail In the construction of all street
railway tracks for which franchises are to be
choly strains of Chopin's dead
march. It was a melody befitting the
place— wild and mournful; filled with
the woes of the living and burdened
with their hopes and prayers for the
dead.
Around the grave the ground wn«
also carpeted. The firing squad of
marines took Its stand at one end,
the chaplain and Bishop Moreland at
the other, while on either side stood
the sailors who had carried the bier.
The grave had been changed to a
floral bower. Marguerites and smilax
lined its walls of earth and disguised
Its yawning opening, and more blos-
Boms lii'l the heap of sod that was to
cover it all.
Binhnp Morelar.il read th" prayer, an
Invocation of mercy on the departed
soul and a plea that it be judged not
by Its deserts, but by heaven's grace;
not by the deeds of the man, but by
what he had hoped to accomplish.
Then the firing squad was brought
up beside the grave, and three sharp
granted in the future Thr> measure is one of
interest to the owners of all kinds of vehicles
aside from wheelmen, and I am confident that
! if those who arc must interested un.l.
and appreciated the advantages that would ac
| crue to them by the adoption of th!s ro«n]ii
tlon by your honorable board that you would
find the unanimous sentiment Of the rlty in
favor of the measure. Yer ■■ truly yours
PAUL If. NIPPKRT, President.
Row Over a Horse Deal.
Samuel Aftergut, a horse dealer at
AFTER a residence of forty years
off and on, mostly on, within
the brick walls of the Ban Quen
tin Penitentiary. Lum Ah Hing.
Beventy-seven years old, was again re
leased from that institution yester
day morning and given into the cus
tody of United States Marshal Shine.
He will to-day be deported to China
in accordance with the law requiring
the deportation of Chinese felons.
Lum has an eventful history. lie
came from China to California in 1844,
before the discovery of gold. In lS. r .9
he stole a watch and was sentenced to
six years' imprisonment in the peni
tentiary. Having served his time, he
was released, but prison life was
rather agreeable than otherwise and
he stole something else. He was con
victed five times for as many consecu
tive larcenies. The last time he was
convicted he had five "priors" against
him and received a sentence of twenty
years. He wants to be sent home to
China now.
"I go home; I die bimeby; I die in
China," he said.
Hnrtford street, swore to a complaint in
Judge Treadwell'a court yesterday for the
arrest of "John Doe" Jenkins, a black
smith on Natoma street, on the charge
of battery. He alleged that he went to
the Presidio Thursday to soil three
horses. One was accepted and he got $4." (
for it. Jenkins and a cavalry man later
demanded $15 as commission from him and
because he refused they dragged him off
his horse and his right hand was se
verely cut by holding on to the rope at
tached to the animal.
Killing Small Fish.
Deputy Fish Commissioner John Davis
has fifteen more Chinese scalps hanging
at his holt. Yesterday he captured ten
more Asiatic fishermen, who were violat
ing the law by taking young: and small
fish near Hunters Point. The prisoners
were locked up in the City Prison.
Wool Men to Exhibit.
The wool nun of this city are preparing
to make a fine exhibit at the Export Ex
position to be held In Philadelphia In
Funeral of Philip V.f
Lansdale, Hero of $
Samoa. ♦
volleys cut the air like a whip lash.
The echoes had not died away before
they were again awakened by the
bugler bidding the seaman's farewell,
and as the plaintive melody of "taps"
rang out over the cemetery, the people
withdrew, leaving the grave with Its
own.
In the church were all the officers of
the Philadelphia, General King and
part of his staff and representatives
of Genera! Shatter, besides a number
of friends and relatives. The pallbear
ers were: Fleet Paymaster J. M. Stan
ton, Lieutenant H. A. Field, Ensign
B. F. Sellers, flag secretary, and En
sign T. T. Craven, all of the Philadel
phia, and Major R. H. Noble, aid do
camp to General Shafter. and Captain
John A. Lockwood, Fourth United
States Cavalry. Among the mourn
ers, besides the relatives, were Ad
miral Kautz, Captain White of the
Philadelphia and G. P. Kaumann of
Apia, one of the best known German
residents there.
September. In order to dovise ways and
means to accomplish this object a meet
ing is to be held on Monday morning at
the office of F. S. Moody, secretary of the
California Wool Association. 422 Town
send street, when J. M. Stauffer. the com
missioner from Philadelphia, will be pres
ent. From present indications the ex
hlblt of wools from this State will be one
of the best ever put forth to represent
the industry in California.
NATIONAL GUARD VETERANS.
A Loving Cup Presented to an Hon
ored Paymaster.
The Veterans, National Guard of Cali
fornia, have presented ex-Captain Charles
P. Le Breton with a beautiful silver lov
ing cup. Captain Le Breton held the po
sition of paymaster of the corps from the
date of its organization up to the annual
election held last month, when he de
clined re-election.
The corps intends giving a reception to
forty comrades upon their return from
the Philippines. The awakened interest
in militia affairs which the contemplated
reorganization of the National Guard is
creating is bringing new members to the
corps, and many former members who
had dropped out are now returning.
JUDGE MORROW HONORED.
Wabash College Confers Upon Him
the Honorary Degree of Doctor
of Laws.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
was notified yesterday that the faculty
of Wabash College at Crawfordsville,
Ind., had conferred upon him the hon
orary degree of doctor of laws. Craw
fordsville is Judge Morrow's former
home, and it feels proud of Judge Mor
row's career, both as a Congressman and
as a Federal Judge. The Judge visited
his old home in IS9O and delivered an ad
dress to the faculty and students of the
college.
More Smallpox Patients.
A family consisting of the father,
mother, daughter and grandchild — W. L.
Whiting, Mrs. D. Whiting, Mrs. Belle
Kellogg and Arthur Delmer— were re
moved from 37S San Carlos avenue Thurs
day to the Pesthouse. They were here
on a visit from Placervllle and were
rooming at the house, where it is sup
posed they contracted the disease from a
Mrs. Elizabeth Slmes, who had been a
patient in the Maclean Hospital and who
died from pneumonia at the San Carlos
house on the 7th of the present month.
This is merely conjectural, however, as
the deceased left the Maclean Hospital a.
week before her death.
Dr. Prior, following the example of Dr
TiUman. volunteered from his interne po
sition at the City and County Hospital to
Isolate himself in the Pesthouse to at
tend to the patients in that institution.
University of California Leads.
The score of the different teams In the
Intercollegiate target contest shows that
the team from the University of Califor
nia leads. There are only four such teams
in the United States. They are: The
Polytechnic Institute. Blaoksburg, Va.;
University of California. Michigan Mili
tary Academy. Orchard Lake. Mich., and
the Western Military Academy. Upper
Alton, 111. The team from Virginia nfkde
a score of 368 while the California boys
made a total of 418.
Exhibits at Paris.
There will be -a larpe exhibit from this coun
try at the Paris Exposition In 1900. which will
prove very Interesting to all who may attend,
but no more so than the news thai the famous
American remedy. Hnstetter's Stomach Bitters,
will positively cure dyspt-psla, iniUKt-stlon. conl
stlpation, biliousness and nervousness. To Ah
sufferers of the above complaint a trial yP
recommended, with the assurance that when
honestly used a cure will be effected. It alsj
tones up the entire system.
GENERAL G. M.
STEINBERG AT
THE PRESIDIO
Inspects Hospitals at
the Post.
ALL IN FINE CONDITION
TRANSPORT SHERIDAN SAILS
FOR MANILA TO-DAY.
Colonel Charles E. Compton, Fourth
Cavalry, Is Retired at His Re
quest — J. Foley Ar
rested.
Major General George M. Sternberg,
surgeon general of the army, made his
first official Inspection of the hospitals at
the' Presidio yesterday morning. He went
to the Presidio shortly after 9 o'clock ac
companied by Colonel W. H. Forwood.
chief surgeon of the ■ department, and
Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Girard. who is
to have charge of the new general hospi
tal. General Sternberg made a most thor
ough inspection of the new buildings,
which are to be turned over to the m.-di-
cal department on July 3, and he expri ss-
I ed himself as being highly pleased with
tho new hospital and the thorough man
ner in which it hal been built.
General Sternbor:? also inspected the
new camps that ar.> being built, the old
23 ' general hospital and the post hospital: in
♦ fact, he made a thorough inspection of
•£> the entire post from a sanitary point. The
1 post hospital was found to be in excellent
7, shape. Never have the affair? of this
* 5 hospital been more perfectly administered
▼ than they are at present under the charge
S" of Major Moseley.
« There are now over 300 patients in the
.-• old hospital, and Just as soon as the new
£ one is ready they will be transferred, but
♦ the old hospital will not be at once turned
•" over to the post commander for barrack
♦ t purposes, as it will be necessary to retain
•- I it for the accommodoatlon of the surplus
♦ tick that cannot be placed in the new
•p : hospital. There are 250 sick soldiers com
♦ i ing on the ship Relief, and when this yes
** sel arrives there will be at least 600 sick
♦ men at the post. It la doubtful if even
•? both hospitals will be large enough to ac
♦ commodate the soldiers, and since ►he
So war in the Philippines promises to con
♦ tinue indefinitely, it now looks as if the
iS War Department will have to make more
♦ extensive and permanent provisions for
So the soldiers at the Presidio, not only in
♦ the matter of hospitals but In the matter
S? of camps as well.
4 The transport Sheridan sails for Manila
c« to-day with over 1600 men and officers.
T* She will carry 1275 tr.llsted men of the
♦ casual detachment. They are organized
*3 into three battalions _-.nd are commanded
♦ by seventeen officers. In addition there
SS are two companies of the Fourteenth In
-4 fantry and Troops A and Fof the Fourth
Z> Cavalry. Colonel Aaron S. Daggett, Four
•° teenth Infantry, will be in command of
♦ the troops on the transport.
*° The St. Paul sails to-morrow for Alaska
♦ with Colonel Ray and his expedition. This
•" expedition is one of the most important
♦ that has ever left San Francisco, as it is
*2 the first of its kind in point of scope and
I magnitude that has ever been sent to the
■I north by this Government.
■! The post authorities have been greatly
■ troubled of late by citizens who have been
I! buying Government supplies from the en-
Ij listed men on the reservation. This is
I strictly against the law, and when a sol
■ dier is convicted of the offense it gener-
I ally goes hard with him. Last week a
I man named C. E. Ritter. who conducts a
I grocery at the corner of Greenwich and
I Baker streets, was found to have in his
■I possession a lot of blankets, clothes and
I! boots that he had bought from the men.
I He was forced to give them up to the
■j quartermaster, but 'he officers have not
H been able to ascertain from whom he got
H| them. Yesterday a man named J. J. Fo-
I i ley, who lives at 41 Fifth street, was ar-
H rested with four pairs of cavalry boots
lin his possession. He had bought them
■I from some of the soldiers in the Fourth
■I Cavalry. He was forced to surrender
I them to the post quartermaster. Captain
■I Kimball, but he would not say from whom
■| he bought them. The offending soldiers
■! are generally men who are under orders
■I and about to sail for Manila.
■I Colonel Charles K. Compton, Fourth
■ Cavalry, has at his own request been re
■ tired. Colonel Compton will have reach
■ ed the age limit next January, and as he
■ has not been in good health for some
■ time, on the advice of his physician, he
■ decided not to go to Manila. Colonel
I Compton rose from the ranks and served
■ throughout the Civil War with distinc
■ tion. At the time of his retirement he
■ was the ranking colonel of cavalry in the
■ army. During the recent war Colonel
■ Compton was a brigadier general of vol-
H unteers.
Sues His Assailant.
J. A. Waldteufel filed suit yesterday
against James L. Meagher to recover $2n,"
--000 damages for personal injuries. Plain
tiff alleges that defendant assaulted him
on the 19th inst.. and assisted by another
person beat him severely. Hence the suit
SUNDAY CALL
JUNE 25, 1899.
f *
1 1 6===BlG SENSATIONS===6 1
* — ♦
! HELEN WILDER'S UNIQUE WEDDING. 1
<?> Why she left the groom at the altar and is spend- *
<$> • ing her honeymoon alone. %
I WOMAN'S LATEST CURSE : j I
* The Per.ume Hab — Are our society girls addicted *
I to it? ♦
♦ "A CONSPIRACY." ! !
f. Thrilling story by H. B. Marriot Watson. *
I "THE GIRL ABOUT TOWN." 1
*■■ ' She makes her first dash at society and! hears some <?>
* spicy gossip, all of which she repeats in next Sun- *
* day's Call. . ■ Z
<§> . <-
* -_■_!.■-,_."■_ • t
It Are Ships to Sail Through the Cardilliere Mountains? *
I A San Francisco Woman Interviews Aguinaldo. |
i . A City Saved by Salt. I
I\- ■ *
% Jack the Steep'e-Cimber is in town — General Gomez $
* Family — General Siafter's Birthp'ace — Uncle Sam's Smalles ♦
* Citizsn— Houdini's Most Surprisi Triek — And lots of othe ♦
* good stories <§,
<$> ' : i *
* I — _ — <s>
<?> ■■■•.. j-' " ' * ■
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
HEALTH BOARD
EMPLOYES MAY
BE DISCHARGED
Such Is the Opinion
of Judge Hunt.
THEY CAN RECOVER BY LAW
MAY HOLD ON AND BRING AN-
OTHER SUIT.
Meeting of the Board Will Be Called
in the Near Future and Doubt
less the Slato Will Go
Through.
When the Board of Health adjourned
Wednesday evening it did so to the call of
the chair. Another meeting would be call
ed, the members said, when they learned
just how good Judge Hunt was going to
be to them in the matter of the suit filed
by several under officials to enjoin the
hoard from dismissing them. Judge Hunt
has been good to the members, as they
wished, and now they may call a meet
ing and doubtless when it convenes the
machete will again sowing and the slate
carried through in tcto.
As anticipated, Ju>ige Hunt handed
down his decision In the case yesterday.
Although Judge Hu.it dissolves the order
heretofore issued restraining tta.fi board
; from dismissing tin plaintiffs, no do^s not
de< iric the merits of ilnir contention that
; they are statutory offic< rs and cannot be
dismissed by the appointing power at
j pleasure. The couri simply holds that the
I action to restrain the dismissal .if the
petitioners is erroneous, and that if they
;:r>- dismissed in violation of law they
may have redress in an action at law In
stead of equity, as -a-. is tho action de
cided yi s terday. The decision of the
court reads:
"The plaintiff is the secretary if tho
j Board of Health and \ic has commenced
j this action to enjoin the defendant fmm
removing him from his position. Upon
I the argument counsel discussed the n<ics
-1 Uon whether the plaintiff was an 'officer"
of the beard within the meaning of the
statute or a mere employe; but in view of
: the conclusion I have reached, it is not
necessary to resolve i'lis Question. It has
1 been decided by the Supreme Court of
the United States that a court of equity
• has no pewer to restrain a public officer
from removing an appointee, even if such.
, contemplated removal were wrongful. Any
wrong thus accomplished a court of law
: can imnly redress, and a party thus in
jured may seek relief in the satutory
i way. The restraining order is dissolv <1."
It is said that several of those who ap
', peared as petitioners in the action de
cided by Judge Hunt have concluded to
. resign their positions before The board
! meets and discharges them, but in event
' their counsel, Peter F. Dunne, decides
: that they may still hold if an action at
law is brought for the purpose of deter
mining that eontemi >r they will enter
into the suit and fight it through to the
i end.
The Coal Oil
Special edition of the News Letter,
containing a full illustrated description
of the recent discoveries and develop
ments in the Fresno County and other
oil districts, will be issued next Sat
urday, July 1. The matter for this
special edition will be profusely illus
trated with half-tone pictures of the
oil fields in Central California and
south of the Tehachapi. This will be
the first special edition of any publica
tion in the State exclusively devoted
Co the great and growing oil interest
of the State. Accurate descriptive
matter prepared by representatives of
the News Letter specially detailed to
obtain the exact facts will be published.
Order your copies early, for there will
be a great demand for the number.
Price 10 cents.
Highway Robbers Discharged.
Joseph Keegan. Walter Heillmann and
Harry Zobler, the three small boys ar
rested by Policemen Stanton and Lewis
at the Potrero for the alleged crim^ of
robbing Stephen Cassinelli, another boy, of
5o cents, appeared before Ji;dge Conl.iu
yesterday morning-. The Judge after
hearing- the evidence of the Cassinelli boy
dismissed the cases. Mrs. Heillmann was
in court and cross-examined Cassinelli to
such an extent as to bring- tears to his
eyes.
Trunks moved, 25c; freiKht transferred. Sig
nal Transfer Co.. 530 .Tnn*>s: tell Slitter 441.
A Careiess Driver Punished.
A. G. Roos, a teamster, was convicted
and fined $100. with the alternative cf 100
days in the County Jail, by Judge Conlati
yesterday on the charge of battery. Last
Tuesday Roos was carelessly driving a
team along Polk street and knocked
down Martin Calsing, an old man. Injur
ing him severely.
56
SATURDAY JUNE 24, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steven»on Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Term a by Mail. Including Portage:
DAILY CALX. (including Sunday Call), one year *°"^
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 month» :. 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). S months 1.00
DAILY CALL— By Slnple Month «»«
SUNDAY CALL One Year -. ~ . 1.50
>VKEKLY CALL One Year l-°°
All poetmaKtera are authorized to receive subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising,' Marquette-Buildlng,
Chicago.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern -Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf -Ast or Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. __
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
epen until 9:30 o'clock.- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
--1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — "The Liars."
Orpheum Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "Richelieu."
■Jrand Opera House— "The Chimes of Normandy.**
Tivoll— "The Brigands. "
Alhamhra— "Lucia."
Glpnn Park— Grand performance to-morrow.
TJnlon Coursing l'ark — Cou: -Ing to-day.
Recreation Park— Baseball To-day.
Chutes. 7joo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Oiympia— Corner Mason and Ellis Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth—
tle of Manila Bay.
Rutro Bath?— Swimming Races, etc. '
AUCTION SALES.
By P. Watklns & Co.— Monday, June 26, at 11 o'clock,
Hnrses. ;it 116 Golden Gate avenue.
WHERE RAILWAY MANAGEMENT
TELLS.
A SAN FRANCISCAN now on his way to
l, in a private letter from Seattle, under
date of June 17. states that Seattle is doing a
deal more Alaskan business than San Fran
cisco, and notes as an evidence that "six steamer?,
heavily laden with freight and passengers, left on as
many day- this last week." He also noted during his
stay the arrival of a lar^e number of miners and
others from Alaskan ports at Seattle, so it is ap
parent the little city t<> the north of us is getting the
Klondike trade Ruing or coming, while we are re
■ g comparatively but a small amount.
explanation of the abnormal course the
Alaskan trade is taking in going to a small city wh\en
the metropolis of the coast is just as convenient for
- l- to be found in the policy of the railroads
of the one place as contrasted with that of the other.
President Hill of the Great Northern is incessantly
busy in building up the country through which his
road passes, and is particularly zealous in promoting
the interests of it- terminal points. He has offered to
. to immigrants, to freight shippers — in short,
to all classes of pcr-ons in the East who wish either
to come West or to ship goods to or from the West —
large inducements to patronize his lines. Any movc
ilculated to build up St. Paul or Puget Sound
ports finds in him a cordial, a prompt and a power
ful suppi ■•
Very different is the policy pursued by Huntington
_ r ues of the Southern Pacific with refer
ence i" San Francisco. So far from helping to build
up the trade of the city, they lie in wait for it, as a
bandit lie- in wait for a traveler, that they may levy
tribute upon it by extorting from it all the traffic will
1 ear. having no more regard for the welfare of San
cisco than a blackmailer has for the welfare of his
victim.
So extensively have the railway managers of roads
leading t" Puget Sound ports advertised the facilities
of thi that they arc now in some Eastern lo
< alities better known as trading places than San Fran
ii- ( - larked attention has been given to the
.hi trade, and Eastern adventurers eager to try
their fortunes in the gold fields are induced to go to
• Tacoma to outfit instead of coming here.
In that way the trade is taken away from the metropo
lis to cities thai have less facilities for handluig it,
adequate supplies for equipping it and less induce
ments to otter it.
Nothing fan be expected of Mr. Huntington, but
ite and combined efforts the merchant-- of
San ; ran yet succeed in overcoming the
handicap which the Southern Pacific monopoly puts
upon them Now that the fir-t wild excitement and
the exaggerated boom over the Klondike gold dis
ries have passed away, it i^ clearly to be seen the
kan trade i- one of ; ;reat and growing value.
<■ Ins shown that the climate is by no
»ean<; so rigorous as was supposed. Quartz mining
igfi) soon take the place of the surface scraping which
it now going on. and the results are certain to be rich
f< r year.- to come. The trade with such a territory
i- not only worth having but worth working for. and.
pite the railway handicap, can be attained if the
Work be undertaken with energy and sagacity.
The Bateman Brothers, who have long since ex
lau ted the patience of the public with their appeals
for delay, have asked the Supervisors for thirty days
more time on the Mall of Justice. What's the matter
with some court giving them the thirty days or more
in the County Jail?
On account of recent reciprocity negotiations it is
believed that the I'nited States and Portugal are get
ting closer to each other. Not nearly so close, how
ever, as they would have been had Spain not drawn
in her horns when she did.
Admiral Schley is said to be ready and eager for
duty. As lie is between the devil and the deep
<^ea now to reconcile the various theories of how he
whipped Cervera, there is little wonder that he would
accept the sea.
Eternal vigilance is no longer the price of liberty.
It is now marked down on the Idaho bargain counter
to $4 flat.
THE TRANSVAAL IN DANGER.
THE Dutch w<re the civilized pioneers in South
Africa. While scientific societies were proving
or disproving theories about the physiography
of the Dark Continent, and Great Britain and the
United States were raiding the slave coast for captives
to work under the lash in the West Indies and to till
the cane and cotton fields of the South, the Dutch
were penetrating the wholesome uplands, treating the
tribes like human beings and laying the foundation of
the first free state.
Their original plant spread and grew. The Boers i
built homes, reared families and developed civilized
order by being orderly. When England became con
scientious about slavery and concluded to use her
shipping in something else, because Wilberforce had
touched the national heart by denouncing the traffic
in human flesh, and the destruction of life in the hor
rors of the middle passage, as "the sum of all vil
lainies." she discovered that while she had been
making battues of the natives and driving men,
women and children like cattle to the coast where her
sla\e ships lay. tiie plodding Dutch had created in j
peaceful ways, by showing respect for human rights, j
something worth coveting, and she coveted it.
Since then she has pushed north from Cape Town \
until she has crowded the Dutch across the Vaal, and
there the descendants of the people of William the
Silent and John of Barneveldt have made their last
stand. England, meanwhile, has loaned money to.
Egypi and has followed her coupons, shears in hand.
up the Nile to the Soudan. When she looked across
that blear desert she was thrown into an epilepsy of i
horror by finding some Arabs engaged in the slave
trade! In her merchant marine were ships still in
commission that had been loaded below the modern
PHmsoll line with slaves, in the days when she was
willing to turn an honest penny in human chattelry.
Bui when she caught these Mahometan Arabs doing
the same thing it struck her sympathy as severe a
blow as if it had been the first time men were trapped
like animals and sold in the marketplace. Then, be- j
sides that it gave her an excuse for invading the Sou
dan to abolish the slave trade, to get brave Gordon
slaughtered in Khartoum, and then to send
punitive expeditions to suppress false prophets and |
incidentally steal the country.
Having successfully shouldered the "white man's'
burden" in Africa north of the equator, she i-; now
preparing to follow the Dutch across the Vaal. The
Transvaal is an independent state. It has all the in- |
stitutions and muniments of government. It enforces <
order and protects the rights of persons and property
judicially and is equal to all its international obliga
tions. To protect itself it guards and limits the fran
chise. Men of all nations may enter the Transvaal.
but Dutch it was founded and Dutch it shall remain,
if the Boers can have it so. Emigrants, Uitlanders, j
may come and stay and assimilate and become Dutch
and participate in the Dutch franchises. But they
will have none of the benevolent assimilation that has
overrun religion and language in Poland and Finland.
England, having gone among peaceful people from
the Himalayas to Connemara, to soak the soil in
blood, by oppression to produce disorder, and then,
in the name of civilization, to restore order by more
murder and introduce the pax Britannica at the can
non's mouth, is always moved by a desire to inter
fere in vindication of some right. After we whipped
her in our Revolution she insisted upon the old
monarchical doctrine, "once a subject always a sub
ject."' and. denying the right of expatriation, claimed
the privilege of searching our merchant ships at sea
and impressing into her navy all sailors who could
not prove that they were not born subjects of Great
Britain. This was only eighty-seven years ago. She
was then denying the right of the United States to
admit British subjects to citizenship, and our right to
protect them against her after their naturalization.
This republic had existed only twenty-three years. It
was small and weak and might be crushed. So, for j
admitting her subjects to citizenship, she tried to
crush us, but failed.
Observe now her pretext against the Boers. The
Transvaal Republic is to be overrun and destroyed
for refusing to admit British subjects to citizenship,
and a British square is about to carry the pax Bri
tannica across the Vaal.
It is not her first attempt. She tried it before and
was cut to pieces at Majuba Hill. When that disaster
befell her arms an American illustrated paper, which
is devoted to an increase in the gaycty of nations,
published a cartoon illustrating the humiliation of the
great empire by a people few in number but great in
spirit, and ran under it the legend, "Meets a Civilized
Foe at Last."
It was a biting sarcasm, for the last civilized foe
England had met was Russia in the Crimean war.
After that she had occupied her arms in benevolent
assimilation, and in using the blood of the weak to
manure her stolen plantations in the tropics.
If the god of battles give the Dutch another
Majuba Hill we trust that British suzerainty over thi?
country is not so firmly established as to make it
lese majeste to cheer the Boers.
NO IMPERIALISTIC TRUST.
THF. Kreuz-Zeitung, a German paper of great
influence, has claimed that Great Britain de
liberately planned the Samoan incident in order
to excite ill-feeling toward Germany in the United
States and to promote an Anglo-American alliance.
Lloyd ( h borne, a stepson of Robert Louis Stevenson,
long the American Consul at Samoa, one of the
brightest writers of the day. and well known and de
servedly respected in San Francisco, has taken the
German view of the controversy between the two rival
aspirants for the Samoan throne.
Without attempting to indorse these views, there is
much evidence to show that Great Britain seized upon
the war with Spain as an opportunity for the founda
tion of an imperialistic trust, in which the British
empire would he the controlling influence and could
subsidize a nation greater than herself in order to
dominate the world. As a matter of fact, it has been
published that the entire American interests in
Samoa were represented by twenty-six residents. Yet
the conjunction of English and American sailors and
soldiers in opposition to Mataafa has been paraded as
an illustration of fraternity, of the union of the Eng
lish-speaking races, of the mystic spell that blood
spreads in 'lie name of a common origin and a com
mon destiny, until in the exuberance of their Anglo
phobia, the Asiatic expansionists and imperialists have
almost lost the semblance of intelligence.
The schoolboy declamation of some British and
American newspapers over the events at Samoa would
he supremely ridiculous if it were not so mischievous.
Among other things, ecstatic sentimentalism has been
wasted on the proposition that, since the colonial
wars of the eighteenth century, for the first time
American and British sailors and soldiers had fought
together. In this proposition historical accuracy has
been sacrificed to international gush. It is quite true
that, in the bloody wars of the first half of the last
century on this continent, when Great Britain was
struggling with the French and with the Indians,
British regulars and American colonists stood side by
side. But it is also true that they were one nation
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 24, 1899.
ality, under one flag, and held together by overpower
ing necessity. Beyond tha,t there was little sympathy
between them and the rising thirst of the colonists for
independence, and their increasing irritation at the
exactions and the disregard for their liberties and
for their rights by the British Parliament and by the
British crown were hardly suppressed in the presence
of a common danger.
The cold fact is that in our American civilization
the German element is as important as the British.
?nd that both are held in the embrace of a nationality
that has an individuality of its own. Sentiment is an
excellent flavor for after-dinner speeches, but it is not
a controlling factor in practical government. The
United States is the principal competitor of Great
Britain in the markets of the world. It has furnished
locomotives to the Central Railway in England. It
has invaded both France and Great Britain with its
agricultural machinery. It has proved a successful
rival against British contractors in the Soudan. In
every quarter of the globe its exports are holding
their own with the products of cheap and unintelligent
labor. It has changed trade balances until even the
capitalization of Great Britain has been overcome,
and New York is becoming one of the metropolitan
creditors of the world.
Our national prosperity is not due to imperialism
but to republican institutions, based upon a written
constitution under which personal liberty, property
rights and the representative principle have been held
intact. Our history and our achievements have re
sulted from the overthrow of British power and the
steady growth of American ideas and of American civ
ilization. We have our own precedents to guide us,
and we need no imperialistic trust to conserve our
power or to revolutionize our policy. Friendship
with all nations is and should be the desire of every
patriotic American, but "entangling alliances" are as
repugnant to our interests now as they were in the
days of Washington.
THE FAILURE OF MARTIAL LAW
REPORTS from Idaho to the effect that persons]
brought from the notorious bull pen at Kellogg j
to attend court at Wallace have in some in
stance? obtained exemption from the indignity of :
confinement in jail by paying tribute to the county '
jailer adds the one thing required to complete pub
lic indignation against the methods which have been I
| made use of by the authorities to bring to punishment
the persons guilty of the crimes committed at the out
j break of the miners' strike.
It has been urged in justification of the action of |
the Governor in proclaiming martial law, and of the j
■subsequent action of the military authorities, that a |
; condition of lawlessness prevails in the mining dis- j
I trict around Wardner with which the civil authorities j
are powerless to cope. Even if the charge were true
it would not justify all that has been done there in i
the way of suspending the habeas corpus act, sup- ;
pressing trial by jury and silencing the press. Still
less would it in any way atone for the license per
mitted to the soldiery to insult women, or to the j
seeming immunity of the jailer in levying tribute
upon prisoners committed to his charge.
It must be remembered, however, that there has
been no proof offered to sustain the charge that the
striking miners either abetted the commission of
; crimes or sympathized with ttiosc who committed
them. No class of the American people have been
more earnest or more severe in condemning such
; crimes than the workingmen of the country, and par
ticularly those who stand as representatives of or
ganized labor. There are ample reasons for believing
> that had the civil law been left to take its course the
workingmen of the district would have cordially co
| operated with the authorities in hunting down the
I criminals, in obtaining evidence against them and in
punishing them after conviction.
From all reports that come to us it appears no op
portunity was given the workingmen to show their
respect for law and their abhorrence for crime. As
soon as the outrages were committed, and the}' were
even more injurious to labor than to capital, martial
law was proclaimed, and tho authorities began to
hunt down and harass the workingmeu of the dis
trict as if they were outlaws. Men were arrested by
wholesale and confined in the "bull pen." and an ef
fort made to establish a rigid censorship which would
prevent the proceedings of the authorities being
made known to the public.
Fortunately The Call managed to obtain reports,
some from the Hon. Patrick Reddy and others from
sources equally reliable, all tending to show the ex
cess to which the new development of imperialism
and martial law has been carried. It is in vain, there
fore, that the press of the district has been silenced.
The truth is becoming known, and the more that is
learned of it the more gross appear the offenses com
mitted against American freedom and American law.
The workingmen of the mining district affected by
the strike should have been given a chance to free
themselves from any suspicion of complicity with
cowardly crimes and outrages. That has been the
attitude assumed by workingmen throughout the
country who have taken action on the subject. No
slightest reason exists for believing that the
Miners' Union, or any other union oi American
workingmen either abet crime or sympatlme with it.
and martial law in this country, which leads to the
insulting of women by negro troops or any other
troops, and to extortion by jailers, can find no justi
fication in anything encouraged by American work
ingmen, either .by precept or practice.
The Washington volunteers bagged eighty Filipino
musicians the other day without so much as turning
a hair. The native band \vas so busily engaged in
rehearsing "When Dewey Goes Sailing Home" that
it was not aware of the approach of the Americans
until the demand for surrender sounded.
Dreyfus is on the very eve of his return to France
and the Dupuy Government is planning to win from
him his commission and his promise to leave the
country. The Government may find that France isn't
big enough to hold the convict of Devils Island after
he gets back. •
Oxford has conferred upon General Kitchener the
degree of doctor of civil law. Everybody will admit
that the General's administration of law and civility
was both sharp and decisive in his African cam
paign.
Peffer of Kansas is authority for the statement that
the Democratic party has swallowed the Populists.
The consequences of this cannibalistic feat will prob
ably be a new party with the battle-cry, '"Whisky
and whiskers."
Delegates to the Czar's Peace Congress feel that
they arc getting in bad odor. They attribute it to the
nearness of their hotels to the ill-smelling canals of
The Hague.
A moral revolution has taken place in Ohio. The
Standard Oil Company has cut stakes, deserted that
State and gone to New Yotk.
Another effete monarchy has gone the way of all
things. The king of Samoa has lost his job.
SUBSCRIPTIONS TO THE DEWEY
STATUE STILL POURING IN
A. Schilling & Co. . a $500
Levi Strauss ... 500
M. J. Brandenstein & Co. 250
Greenebaum, Weil &
Michels .... 250
D. Ghirardelli . . . 100
Hoffman. Rothchild & Co. 100
S. Bachman & Co. . . 100
Anglo-AmericanCrockery
Company .... 100
Crown Distillery Co 100
Roth, Blum & Co. , . 100
Haas Bros. „ . « . 100
Mack & Co. . . , , 100
W. P. Fuller & Co. . . 100
J. K. Armsby & Co. , 100
George W. Hume & Co. . 100
Grifflth-Durney Co. . . 100
Total for the week . $2,700
Total amount subscribed.s32,4l9
THE Dewey monument com
mittee met yesterday in the
office of Mayor Phelan. The
members present were well
pleased with the prospect, having
ing been greatly encouraged dur
ing the past week by the news
from various cities throughout the
State to the effect that local com
mittees were being organized and
efforts would be directed at once
to swelling the fund for Califor
nia's artistic testimonial to the
hero of Manila Bay.
May. >r I'h'O.in i'ri-s'-nt<"l f<<r th 77^
consideration of the committee a H
letter from John Barrett, • ■\-M:m-H
later to Siam, inclosing a check ' ' I
$25 as his subscription to the rnnn-B
ument. In transmitting the ■ ■'■■■■ ■ .1
Mr. Barrett took occasion to say:M
"I think San Francisco's idea tnH
erect a monument in honor of Ad-M
miral Dewey is one of the best waysß
of perpetuating his memory, and lH
am confident that he will appn>-M
ciate such an honor more than theH
raising of any house fund."
With local subscriptions pouring in at the rate of thousands of dollars each week, the members of the com
mittee are confident that as soon as the local committees in the other cities of the State get to work the whole
sum will be subscribed in less than no time.
Mayor Edwin M. Capps of San Diego is heartily in favor of the movement and will at once endeavor to
enlist the aid of the Chamber of Commerce of that city in the cnt)!rprisc.^^HHHHH|^^^^^HH
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: I am glad the movement to erect a monument to Admiral Dewey is
meeting with such universal favor. I should like to see a monument to this greatest hero of the war in
every city on the coast, but since this cannot be, what better place than San Francisco to erect our tribute
to the commander and statesman? I think it is pretty generally recognized that Admiral Dewey is no
greater naval officer than statesman. It is to the lasting credit of San Francisco that §30,000 was raised
in one day toward the cost of the Dewey monument, and any project beginning so auspiciously cannot fail.
The American spirit of the coast people will not let it fail, and I think San Diego will be heard from be
fore the necessary funds are raised. The City Council, of course, cannot take the matter up, but there is no
reason why the Chamber of Commerce of this city cannot assist in the good work. P :blic and lasting
tributes of this character to such heroes as Admiral Dewey are creditable to the nation, a reward to deserv
ing heroes, and an encouragement to the rising generation. The monument must be erected.
EDWIN M. CAPPS, Mayor.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
H. F. F.meric and wife are registered
at the Occidental.
retcr Engel. a Marysville jeweler, is a
guest at the California.
W. H. Clarey. the Stockton mining man,
Is b guest at the Lick.
Cabell Whitehead of Washington, D. C,
is a guest at the Grand.
F. T. Duhring. a rancher of Sonoma, is
staying at the Occidental.
E. W. Churchill, a banker of TCapa, is
at the Palace with his wife.
F. W. Walker and James P. O'Neil. two
merchants of St. Louis, are at the Pal
ace.
Colonel J. H. Ford, U. S. A., is regis
tered at the Occidental from Washington,
D. C.
At the Palace are A. F. Jones, a lawyer
of Oroville. and the Marquis de Cham
pagne.
("arlos Gonzales. a wealthy planter from
Aqua Caliente. Mexico, is registered at
the Occidental.
D. R. Cameron, banker and capitalist of
Hanford, is in the city for a few days.
Up Is staying at the I^ick.
Lieutenant and Mrs. M. C. Georges have
r.inv down from Mare Island and are
staying at the Occidental.
G. W. Jackson, master mechanic of the
Southern Pacific at Sacramento, is one of
those who yesterday registered at the
Lick.
W. F. Parker, politician and capitalist
of Los Angeles, is at the Grand, as is also
Charles G. AYilcox, a prominent Vlsalia
merchant.
Senator H. V. Morehouse of San Jose
was one of yesterday's arrivals at the
L}ck. as was also Otto E. Moer, a hotel
owner of Pa?n Robles.
K. V. Ponzone and G. Menozzi. two
globe trotters from Milan, are in the city
on their way around the world. They are
registered at the California.
His Pride Was Touched,
LAST Sunday two prominent ladies,
residing; at nn? of our downtown
hoptelries. derided to take advan
tage of the splendid day and make
a. trip to the park. After arriving
th^re they wandered around for some
time, finally bringing up in one of the
bypaths, where they paused to admire
some forget-me-nots that were growing
just beside the walk. Coming down the
same path were three soldiers, slightly
under the influence of liquor. The soldiers
continued to advance until they were
within a few yards of where the ladies—
who. by the way. are both remarkably
handsome women, though one is old
enough to possess a con some 25 or 2fi
years of age— were stooping over the
flowers. Then they halted, and the fol
lowing floated to the ladies' ears as two
of the men remonstrated with the third,
■who was evidently bent on something
which failed to meet with their approval:
"Don't you do it; you'll get yourself in
trouble."
"What's thp difference? I'm going to
have some fun."
"You'd better be careful. They won't
stand for it."
"I don't care; I'm going to take a
chance, anyway."
By this time the two women had become
alarmed, but while one started hurriedly
down the path toward a more frequented
locality the other continued to bend over
the flowers, though one of the men. de
taching himself from the others, advanced
until he stood directly behind her.
Then the lady, smiling at him over her
shoulder, said:
"How do you do?"
"I'm well," gruffly responded the fellow,
who was surprised at not having to make
the first advances himself.
"I always speak to a man wearing that
uniform."' sweetly continued the lady,
"because I know it always covers a man
and because I have a son in the army
myself."
"Who's he with?" inquired the man.
"He's with the Fourth Cavalry in the
Philippines," responded the woman. "Oh,
isn't that a beautiful rose over there?"
•'l'll get it for you." said the man.
"No, don't; you'll be arrested."
"I'll take the chance." And, vaulting
over the wire netting, he plucked the
flower, handed it to the lady and, raising
his hat with perfect respect and polite-
MAYOR E. M. CAPPS OF SAN DIEGO.
ness, left and joined his comrades.
Some little time after the two ladies
started to take a Hayes-street car home,
arriving at the car just as the three sol
diers were about to enter it. The latter
politely stepped aside to allow the ladies
to get aboard, and then, raising their
hats, started to take seats on thf dummy.
As they were moving off the ladies heard
one of his companions ask the would-be
masher who they were.
"I don't know." was the answer; "but
one of them is a soldier's mother, and.
Bay boys, I'm well ashamed of my
self."
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 23.— Bruce D. Kem
ins and W, B. Rathbone of San Fran
cisco are at the Fifth Avenue: Charles
H. Yale of Yokohama, via San Francisco,
is at the Fifth Avenue; Frank J. Sulli
van of San Francisco is at the Holland;
H. S. Small. Miss May Small. Miss Bes
sie Small of Sacramento are at the Man
hattan: Charles P. Douglass and wife of
San Diego are at the Manhattan; A.
Green of San Francisco is at the Ma
jestic; Mrs. Augusta Rachen of San Fran
cisco sailed for Genoa on the Barbarossa
to-day.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. June 23.— Mr?. Field,
widow of Justice Field, leaves for Cali
fornia the latter part of the month. She
will be accompanied by Mrs. and Miss
Condlt-Smith. John T. Barber of San
Francisco is at thr- Normandie.
"RICHELIEU"
ANALIZED AT
THE ALCAZAR
"The King must have no mistress but
the state— the state, that's Richellau."
This conviction and the errors of his ad
versaries, which are often more profita
ble to us than our finest strategy, were
the foundations upon which the wily, far
seeing, plotting, revengeful but masterful
Cardinal recreated France and made her
a power among nations.
The rise of the curtain at the Alcazar
reveals a pretty stage picture wherein the
clever pantomime of one woman, the cen- !
tral figure, and the dialogue of half a
dozen men acquaint us quickly with the
principal virtues and vices of the century ■
and make the need of a Richelieu pain- i
fully apparent. Poor, empty, worthless
creatures, most of them,- disguised in the
trappings of wealth and rank till th'->y
really imagine themselves great peep's
Lives rotten to the core in sin and pollu
tion set in high places and imagining
themselves other than common clay
Probably no hotter exponent of the great i
character could be found than L. -.vis !
Morrison, who adds to great intelligence
years of study and devotion to a profes- I
sion made honorable and educational
through just such efforts as his in !
strength he Is the lion, in subtile cunning
the fox, and looks in his robes of state
as though sweeping small vermin from the
earth might be a pastime. His curse
scene is so real that in SDirit we cross
ourselves and remember most inoppor
tunely the bulk of our unconfessed sin--.
Julie de Mortemar, as played by Miss
nn t Sim y< i un * oman of rare histri
onic ability, is so winsome and lovable
that we are sure it is not alone appreci
ation of good acting that makes the heart
overheat when De . Mauprat takes her in
his arms— the fact is we all want to
change aces with De Mauprat. Miss l
&I b t*i£iHES r £ ew *?' lth the Cardinal in!
the third act has the unmistakable ring
of true genius. White Whittlesev. tho
new leading man, plays the character of
De Mauprat with the right spirit of au- ,
dacity, makes of him a dominating figure,
and compels attention and admiration
iVvSW , nallen £ ins it. Nature has been
whiSh . ? C T & fts to hlm - not the least of
which Is Intelligence. A tendency to re
m£ w» h r e ! of i lis lon « er speeches is no
ticeable, but otherwise his methods are
unpretentious and most artistic. Our
felicitations. The minor roles are ade
quately played by the Alcazar stock com
pany, save the one of De Beringhen. That
is conspicuously bad. God intended some
of us for hewers of wood and drawers of ;
water, and when we attempt to defeat his
ends we cut but sorry figures.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
John Platt Is Missine.
J. W. Horn of Petaluma called at the
Coronor's office yesterday to report the
unaccountable disappearance of John
Platt of that city. The last known of
Platt is that he registered at 634 Sacra
mento street on February 11 and left the
lodging-house the next day.
SAN DIEGO, June 23.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE AXEL— A. 8., City. There is no
publication in San Francisco called the
Axel.
THE SIGNAL CORPS— A. A. S., City.
Ii was announced by dispatch from Ma
nila that the Volunteer Signal Corps at
-the Philippines would sail for San Frar
cisro with the Oregon • volunteers, and
nothing to the contrary havintr appeared
it is probable that they have.
BLUE GRASS— J. P. M.. City. Blue
grass or June grass. Poa pretensis. is a
common species of grass produced of the
finest quality in Central Kentucky, where
a region called the "Blue Grass Country"
is noted for the superiority of its cattle.
The grass has a bluish tint, hence its
name.
THE LICK SCHOOL— A. O. S.. Oak
land. Cal. The school known as the Cali
fornia School of Mechanical Arts, com
monly called the "Lick School." Is free
of charge for tuition. It is open to any
boy or girl of this State who has com
pleted the eighth grade of the grammar
schools, upon the following conditions:
Applicants will be admitted upon satis
factory recommendation from their for
mer teachers, principals or school super
intendent. T'p to the first of June of
each year places are reserved for quali
fied applicants. Applications received
after June 1 are not acted upon until
July 15. and if the number of such ap
plicants exceed the number of places re
maining then competitive examinations
will be held for those whose applications
were received later than Juno 1. This •\
--amfnation will be written and the ap
plicant's qualifications will be judged by
his ability to express himself clearly and
correctly by means of simple English
sentences: by his knowledge of the pro
cess of arithmetic, and by his acquaint
ance with the leading facts of United
States history and descriptive geography.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Important— Best eyeglasses, spec?. 10c to
40c. Look out for 73 4th, next stovestore.*
Mail for Alaska.
The steamer St. Paul will leave this city
next Sunday with mail for St. Michael,
Dawson and Yukon River points. The
mail will be transferred at St. Michael to
a river steamer and will be accompanied
by a railway mail postal clerk.
Reduced Rate to Detroit and Return
Over Northern Pacific Railway.
The C. E. convention will be held In Detroit
this year, commencing July 5. The Northern
Pacific will be official route, as it was in 1897.
when the convention was held in San Frr.iclscn.
Over 10,000 people returned East over the
Northern Pacific, and they were loud in their
praises over the many beauties seen alons he
line. You will have a nice. cool, pleasant
journey, enjoying the most luxurious of accom
modations. Stopover allowed at the wonderful
Yellowstone Park. Send 6c in stamps for Il
lustrated book to T. K. Stateler, General
Agent. C3B Market St.. Pan Francisco.
EXCURSION TO
$81 — Detroit, Mich., and Return — $81
Leave fan Francisco S a. m.. June 29, the
Burlington Route will run an excursion to
Detroit in charge of a special manager. Up
holstered tourist sleeping: cars used on this
occasion. Route via Salt Lake and Denver,
passing Colorado scenery by daylight. Arrive
Detroit 6 p. m. July 3. Berths reserved, etc.,
at 32 Montgomery street, Pan Francisco, or
972 Broadway, Oakland.
Official Route Christian Endeavor
Excursion to Detroit.
Leave San Francisco 6 p. m., June 29, via
Central Pacific, Union Pacific. Chicago anc!
Northwestern and Wabash Railways, one dn\
spent at both Denver and Omaha Exposition.
Round trip rate to Detroit, $Sl. For reserva
tions and further Information address George
P. Lowell, Transportation Manager California
Christian Endeavor, 1626 Eighth aye., East
Oakland. Cal.
Low Rates to Detroit, Michigan, for
Christian Endeavor Convention.
Thp SANTA FK ROUTE Will make rate of
$S1 for the round trip. Tickets on snip Jim
29th. For full particulars call at ticket office,
t>2B Market street, this city, or HIS Broadway,
Oakland.
■ ■ m ■ — ■
Dr. Siegert'a Angostura Bittere has over 50
Imitators and substitutes— most of them dan
gerous. Get the genuine with signature.CLOSE OF THE
TESTIMONY IN
WELBURN`S CASE
Ex- Collector Relates
His Experiences.
HYPOTHECATING OF SALARIES
WHY CLYDE WELBURN DREW
FOUR MONTHS' PAY.
♦
Deputy Collector Fletchc • Told How
He Negotiated Advances With
Brokers on a Certain
Batch of Salaries.
*
tcrday'a session
■ was taken up
cam illations
Lor We] United E
■ 1 In hand early
asked particu
wil mployment
necessary
•'' ■ !
1 ' me :.ir. !;>. v.-. which was
institutional
I t the 1
Tie declared that ho had received from
Internal Rever.l c Commissioner Miller
permission to employ the extra deputies
and clerks neetfssyry for the work and
that a certain sum was placed at his
disposal for the purpose of their com
pensation. The names of those extra em
ployes were not placed on the pay roll
and were r.ot requited to i,. The com
missioner never asked him for the names
of those employes.
With reference to tho salary of Miss
Nellie O'Brien the witness said that it
had b^en agreed that she should receive
ISO per month, and he gave to his deputy,
Louis Ijoup". »he remainder of her salary
for the purpose of paying it to other em
ploye:; In the same department! Welburn
st;itod that h" had not made :i copy of the
lo'ior hf had addressed to Commissioner
Miller, because he considered it to be a
prfvate letter.
Mrs. Driscoll wan recalled for the de
fonso and in rep] to 'juestinns by Mr.
Gould said that Dillard called on her at
her house at the time of Welburn'a first
trial and she remark* i : "So; you are
the man that is doing the dirty work in
thir, case?" Ho replied: "Yes: 1 am get
ting a frood salary"— -!!•■ could not be
positive as to whether he said $135 or $150
per month— "ami 1 am acting according
to orders." said Dillard.
Tho witness explained that what Dillard
rr<\-int was his pitrnirsg nf the vouchers at
Wolfcurn's orders. Clyde X. Welburn, son
of the defendant, was put on tho stand to j
account for the four months' . salary
drawn against thf Government for his i
services during his four months' absence
In Texas. He explained that all employes
in the Revenue Office were entitled to a I
thirty-day vacation each year with pay. j
He took no vacation in 1595. and in 1856 he j
took a vacation nf four months, He was |
»*ntitlpd to his salary for two of those
months, and he made up for the two other I
months by working two months without
any pay.
Mr?, l.nuis Loupe told the jury that |
■when her husband had gone home sick ,
to Gilroy she dr-st roved a lot of bills and !
other private papers belonging to h.>r hus- •
band. They hau 10 bearing on the Rev- |
enue Department. Here the defense rested i
Its caso.
VV. L. 7. Her was recalled to state that
■ ned in his voucher
- d<
•■ and \">
I
Dep ity Internal Revenue
• at he had hypothe
■' Akinp and others with
and had returned
Mi - l • burn personally.
•r had declined to cash the
iwe furnished tht cash on
.•:• - . •" Welburn and others.
Mr. Rowe corroborated Mr. Fletcher's I
ny and said that he had advanc.e<l
■ '>n the sa!ari(-p of Welburn. I»upe.
Akins and Slnnott. He had turned over
the checks to Cashier Norton and Norton
Rowe the money due him on the
checks.
odant, Welburn, was recalled
xplalned the hypothecation of the
- He had made arrangements with
Meyer, at the solicitation of his
employes, to have th-lr warrants cashed
In advance and stated that he never with
held any of the money.
The argument will begin on Monday
frnnrningr at 11 o'clock.
Sons of Benjamin.
N>xt Sunday California Lodge No. 113.
Independent Order Sons of Benjamin, will
hold its annual picnic in the Germania
Gardens at Harbr View. The committee
has arranged for a fine day's entertain
ment of th« members and their friends.
There will he a number of gate prizes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIREWORKS
FOR
HOME DISPLAY
UnXld Case No. 2-SI.OO.
1 Dewey Falute, 1 Rurprls» Box, I Cracker
Jack, 1 Columbia Bomb, 5 Packages Crackers
1 Volcano, 1 Package Torpedoes. : Triangle
Wheel. 1 Vesuvius. 2 Ruby Lights, 6 2-Hall
handles. 3 3-Ball Candles, 3 4-Ball Candles, 1
No. 1 Star Mine, l No. 2 Star Mine. : Whistle
Bomb, 2 Yellow Jackets. 6 Large Pin Wheels
1 Catherine Wheel. 6 Blue Lights, 6 3-In^h Ser-
pents, 1 Flower Pot, 1 Box Red Fire, 1 Can
Pistol, 12 Boxes Caps. 30 Red Heads, - Pieces
Punk.
UnXfd Case No. 3— $2.00.
fi Ball Candles. 6 (-Ball Candles, 3 6-Ball
Candlew, 3 -Bail Candles, 6 Large Pin Wheels.
2 Whistle Bombs. 2 Catherine Wheels, ! 4-Inch
Flower Pots. 2 Red Torches, 1 Whistling Devil
8 Blue Lights, '. Volcanoes, 1 Mount Vesuvius
1 No. 1 Star Mine. 1 No. " Star Mine. 1 No 3
Star Mine, : Triangle Wheel, 5 Package*
Crackers, 2 Packages Extra Crackers, 1 Pack-
ape Pistol Crackers. 1 Package Colored Fire,
1 Surprise Box. 40 Red Heads. 1 Reporting Red
Light, ! Inch Wheel, 20 Pieces Punk.
UnXld Case No. 4-83.00.
6 4-Ball Candles. c _ 1 > « ] 1 Candles, 3 R-Ball
Candles, 3 ; -Bali Candles. 1 Large Cracker
Jack, 1 Mount V'suvlufi, 1 No. 2 Star Mine, 1
No. 3 Star Mine. 1 No. 4 Star Mine. >; Extra
Large Pin Wheels, 2 Catherine Wheels. 3
Whistling Bombs. I Whistling Devil. 2 Large
Volcanoes. 1 8-Tnrh Verticil Wheel. 50 Red
Heads, 2 Packages Pistol Crackers, 6 Blue
■ Lights. l Japanese Acrobat. 1 Dewey Battery,
3 Ruby Lights, 1 Surprise Box. 1 Triangle
■Wheel, 3 4-Inch Flower Pots. 1 6-Inch Flower
]v,t, 1 Electric Flower. 2 Whistling Torches, E
Packages Extra No. 1, 5 Packages Shoo Fly
Crackers. 1 Box Torpedoes, 1 Caji Red Fire,
2i Pieces Punk.
UnXld Case No. 4— 55.00.
Exhibition Assortment.
• ," 12 Colored Candles. Large. 6-Star: 6 Kxhihl-
■ tl"n Candles. S Star; 3 Exhibition Candied, 10-
-•Star; 3 Colored Star Rockets. 4 oz. : 4 Colored
. £r.-ir Rockets. 8 oz. : 1 Colored China Flyer,
Large: 1 Colored Vertical Wheel, "--inch- 1
Bengal Light, H-'-h. : 1 Colored Triangle Wheel,
M'-lb.; 1 Colored Triangle Wheel, '• -ii, ; 1 Mine
• of Colored Stars. No. 4; 1 Mine of Colored
Star*. No. 5: 3 Colored Flower Pots, «-Inch;
1 Colored Rosette, Extra: 2 Colored Geysers
•. Small: 2 H-lb. Cans Red Fire: 1 i;-lb. Can
• Green Fire: 1 %-lb. Can White Kit - . 1 1.,-it,
■Tan Blue Fire; 1 Electric Flower: 1 Jeweled
; 'J^'t; 1 Mount Vesuvius; 1 Japanese Acrobat;
•'•1 Bundle Punk.
GOLD CHOP CRACKERS 2 pkgs. for 5c
SHOO FLY 3 pkgs. for 18c
EXTRA LOUD Sc per pkg.
EXTRA. NO- 1 5c
. PISTOL CRACKERS 10c
ED HEADS 35c, 45c and 66c per 100
A Box of Fireworks Given Free With Boys' Suits.
™ UNXLD SCORES
BBIGDES, TURKEY * BATKIN, Prepri«ior»,
616 to 62 ) Kcarny St., Cor. Commercial. j
COMMENCEMENT EXERCISES
OF ST. ROSE'S ACADEMY
Three Young Ladies Bid Adieu to Convent Days.
THE rommenerment exer<-is-~ of
St. Roses Academy, which hid
lOStponed on account of the
death of Rev. Father Flood, wen
held yesterday afternoon at Na
tive Sons' Hall, and attracted a .arge
number of the relatives and friends of the
pupils who are being educated under the
fostering care of the Dominican Slaters.
Thr"" young ladies bade adieu to thoir
school days and were presented with di
plomas testifying to their proficiency in
the various courses, by Rev. Father John
Cullen, assistant pastor of the Star of
the Sea Church. Graduating honors, with
medals, were conferred on Miss Mary G.
Welsh, Miss Clara I. McCormick and Miss
Elizabeth F. Dundon, all of whom par
ticularly distinguished themselves during
the scholastic year.
In the parlor adjoining the hall was ex
hibited some of the art work, which con-
Fisted' of decorated china, by Miss Grace
Welsh and Miss Catherine ODea: pen
work, by Miss Elizabeth Dundon and
Miss Edith James; pastels, by Miss Cath
erine O'Donnell and Miss Ramona Mul
queen: art embroidery, by Mis? Violet
Mitchell. Miss Clarlsse Lyons. Miss Ce
cilia Campbell, Miss Ethel Kennedy and
Miss Genevieve Sullivan.
The exercises proved highly interesting
and were of a high order of merit. They
consisted of several beautiful tableaux,
with songs, entitled. "Dresden Fancies,*'
by Miss Genevieve Sullivan and a chorus
of twenty girls In dainty shepherdess cos
tumes: "The Little Golfers." by the boys
In the lower grades; "The Archers." "Be
BIG PARADE ON
THE FOURTH IS
NOW ASSURED
German Societies Will
March.
Rudolph Herold Jr. has been invited to
' act as section marshal of the two German
divisions which the various societies of
j that nationality propose to furnish for
j the Fourth of July parade. The various
Turner bunds and the German military
organizations ar« enthusiastic over the
: coming celebration and will do all in their
i power to make their part in the parade
! a success, The Verein Elntracht will have
: a float on which sixty daughters of mem
j b( rs will ride, and the Turners are not
I going to be behind their countrymen in
furnishing picturesque features.
The Italian Ranchers' and Gardeners'
' Association will turn out a float repre
senting the products of their gardens and
a second one in which the Queen of the
Vegetable Kingdom will ride in all her
; glory. The Fishermen's Association will
have, in addition to 300 members In line,
a float representing Christopher Colum
bus. All the members of the association
will be resplendent in new uniforms.
The Independent Order of Red Men has
promised not less than two floats and a
large turnout of the various tribes.
Captain Elliott of San Rafael will turn
• out about forty members of his company,
who formed a part <■( the Eighth Califor
nia Volunteers during the late war with
Spain.
Captain E. M. Grinuell has about sixty
veterans who will parade, and Major
Hayes of Oakland will bring two com
panies from across the bay, which are a
part of the newly :> irganlzed National
Guard. These military bodies will act as
escort to the other veterans.
The newsboys and messenger boy? will
form another division in the parade. They
will be furnished with straw hats and
American flags and will have as escort the
members of the Columbia Park Hoys'
Club, headed by their life and drum corps.
The Hebrew Orphan Asylum will also
parade, the services of the members
having been generously donated.
The Japanese will have a meeting on
Sunday afternoon to complete arrange
ments'for their part in the parade.
The Chinese are quietly going ahead
with their preparations and will make a
most unique snowing.
The executive committee will meet this
evening and complete many of the pre
liminary details.
Last evening representatives forming a
joint committee of Native Sons met in the
. (Bees of the grand marshal and decided
that the twenty-three different parlors of
this city would parade together as a di
vision instead of separately as parlors,
as has been the custom heretofore. They
will wear a distinctive uniform, which is
also a new -feature of their parades. L.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 24, 1899.
i hold, the Bridegroom Cometh," an.l
"Sandalphon." the latter recited by A'es
: Elizabeth Dundon, assisted by several
. girls in pantomime. Th« costumes of the
various tableaux were extremely band
some and dainty, and the grouping in
pictures called forth the admiration and
unstinted applause of those present. The
remainder of the programme was as fol
lows:
"The Little Schoolgirl. 7 chorus- of little ,
rirls: "A Rose in Heaven" 'Tr.'tere). Miss
Maud Phortall; "The Heart Rowed Down,"
cornet solo. Miss Elizabeth Dundon; '!.<■ Phil
tre." overture (Auber), Missee M. Welsh. A.
Ross, 11. McCann, L. Durnlon; (a) "Teresina" ,
polka (Anelll). (hi "Trianon" waltz (Francia)—
First violins. Mis? Maud Shortall. Miss Edith
Tormey; second violin, Miss Angela Bhortall;
first mandolin?, Mies Isabel Tormey. Miss Pau
line Taylor; second mandolins. Miss Grace
Welsh, Miss Marie McGetttean; rultar. Miss
Ethel Lyons; harp. Miss Margaret McCann.
"The Wood Nymph" (Williams). Mlm Clara
McCormick; selections. "Robin Hood" — Cornet
Miss Mary Welsh; violin. Miss Alma Welsh;
I piano. Miss Grace Welsh. "Tannhauser"
1 (Wagner). Misses Abble Ross. Lillian Thomas,
Marie McOettlgan. Mary Adam; Miss Virginia
: Nlppert, accompanist.
Among the clergy present were Rev.
: Fathers McGinty. Drlscoll, Newell, Ramm
and Brother Erminold of St. Peter's
Parochial School.
A detail from Company D, League of
; the Cross Cadets, consisting of Captain
; Ignatius Dwyer. Lieutenant George Sul
livan. Corporal Robert McDevitt. Privates
I D. Dougherty, T. Meherin. J. Welch, J.
Cain, A. Burke and F. Oneta. acted as
ushers. The additional list of awards is
' as follows:
Certificates— Miss Abble Ross, Miss Mary
j Cronln.
■ •' '-
C. Pistolesi acted as temporary chairman,
while Fred Suhr Jr. filled the office of
temporary secretary. Sequoia. Marshall,
:i Gate. Pacific, Olympus. California
and El Dorado Parlors wre represented.
A. O. H. CELEBRATION.
A Great Gathering at Schuetzen Park
on the Fourth.
The Fourth of July celebration of the
Ancient Order of Hibernians at Schuetzen
Park will be the greatest in the history
,of that organization in the State. At a
! meeting' of the committees last niprht at
their hall. 120 Ninth street, satisfying re
' ports of progress were made and com
, munications were received from the divi
sions at Santa Rosa, Vallejo, Oakland.
; Berkeley, Fan Jose, Redwood City and
, Petaluma, announcing that they would
' send large delegations. P. J. McCormick,
i Frank Roland and M. Sullivan were ap
pointed a committee to confer with th^se
divisions to the end that all arrangements
for excursions might be completed.
Owing to the fact that the contribu
tion of prizes this year has been so much
greater than on former occasions, the
committee on games has decided to
lengthen their list.
Thomas R. Bannerman. E. I. Sheehan
and John O'Oara, who were appointed
\ a committee to invite sister Irish socie
ties to participate in the celebration, re
ported that replies had been received
from all of them. Two platforms have
been erected for the jig and reel dancing
and the pupils of O'Connor and Kelleher
: will participate in the exhibitions.
I Choruses will sing the national airs. City
: and County Attorney Lane will deliver
the oration and a beautirul souvenir pro
gramme will be distributed.
Tickets for the ride and the celebration
; are 50 cents.
ROYAL ARCANUM DAY.
Yesterday was the twenty-second anni
, versary of the organization of the Roy.n ;
Arcanum, and last night the event whs
celebrated hy Argonaut, Golden West and ;
Buena Vista Councils of thie city in the
hall of the first named council in th<»
i Shiels building. There were present a
larg.' number of ladies and gentlemen,
friends of tho members, also Grand Vice
Regent L. A. Spencer, Supreme R?pre
ttlve Gteorge \v. Dixon and Deputies
J. H. Whitney. Thomas Banks and Dr K.
1 Hartley. These gentl*»mon and Dr. J. I:
Kenan and Qustav Gunzendorfer deliv
ered short addresses.
Deputy Banks in his talk on the order
stated that since organised the order had
paid to beneficiaries of members the sum
of $43,908,901, more than Jo.iW'.noo having
been disbursed last year and $2,718,056 since :
the Ist of lant January. The total mem
bership is 196.CM and each assessment
realizes $54n.non. The order also has a re
serve of 1261.000.
The committee that had charge of the
celebration provided an excellent pro
gramme, the principal numbers being
contributed by Miss C. Bell Ensign. Mrs.
Dr. Plymer. a mandolin club. Mr. and !
Mrs. Kergan, W. M. Young, G. W. Dixon ;
Jr. and Miss Hink. Aft^r the programme ,
there was dancing till midnight.
Free Lover Blakeley in Jail.
J. E. Plakeley. th» Mission printer, who
answered a young woman's advertise
ment for employment with a letter ask
ing: her to live with him as his mistress,
was taken before United States Court
Sen>or yeas'- Rxi-ciioncr- in Fnelisl; compost-
Hiss Man VVelsl c: ■ : n ■ in Latin.
Miss Elizabeth Dundon, lli^s Clara McCor
mick
Middle >-ar Gold medal, the priCr of Mrs.
C C. Mohun, ;.••■ • :•■• I M - ■ Abbie R"ss;
gold Ti»dal. mathematics. Miss Mary ''t-'-Tiin.
Jum r year (Sold mi laJ for niiithpmailcs.
ih^ giU of Mrs T Molloy. awarded to .%!i.«s
iFahel Tormey; music, Abbie Russ. iiainting,
Kat^ ' I'Donnell.
Ninth year— Gold medals, th" frift of Rev.
J. J. Cullen. awarded to Miss Constance Koch
and Miss Mary Adam.
Klphth year— Medal for Christian doctrine,
the gift of Rev. J. J. Cull»n, awarded to Mls>s
Mercedes White: silver medal, merited by Miss
Cecelia Campbell. Miss Katie Mahoney, Miss
Edna Walsh. Miss Mary I{efsan; drawn by
Miss Cecelia Campbell.
Medal for general excellence, merited by Miss
Edna Walsh.
Medal for (rood conduct, merited by Miss
Phlllie Hagan, Miss Katie Mahoney. Miss
Mfteffle Sheehan: drawn by Miss Katie Ma
honey.
Medal for Christian doctrine, the gift of Rev.
J. J. Cullen— Awarded to Miss Violet Mitchell.
Medal for good conduct, merited by Miss
Amelda bear} . Miss Funnle Connor, Mies Car
melita St. John, Miss Annie Keenan— Drawn
by Miss Annie K. en
Medal for eeneral excellence — Awarded to
Miss I.ena Zackart.
Med.il for Chrl?tlan doctrine, the gift of Rev.
J. .1. Cullen. merited by Miss Annie McCarthy,
Mies Clarlsse Lyons. Miss Ethel Kennedy-
Drawn by Miss Ethel Kennedy.
Peccntl medal awarded to Miss Gertrude
Campbell.
Medal for Christian doctrine, the Rift of Rev.
J. J. Awarded to Miss -Alma Burns.
Medal for application — Awarded to Mil's Gene
v!eve Hailey.
Medal for penmanship— Awarded to Miss Ger
aldlne Flood
-James Dermondy, Julian Tormey.
<"ommissjoner He.icock yesterday morn
ing and his bonds fixed at $I<wi. "n P was
taken back to th»- County Jail.
Town Talk.
A three-page opinion tiled a few days
ago in the Supreme Court fa made the
text of some interesting paragraphs from
the Court Reporter's pen in Town Talk
this week, and the too common custom of
putting- the worst possible construction
upon words and phrases is treated from a
legal standpoint. One of Justice Oaroutte's
characteristic stories enlivens the
World of T,aw. There are some- editor'ais
in this issue that will set church people
to thinking, and the Baunterer giv^-s sev
eral exclusive stories about people we
know in society and at the clubs. The
custom of marrying for money serve? us
a subject for a satirical sermon. Irene
Connell has a translation of one oi
"Gyp'B" Parisian society sketches, and
Alfred Metzger and Mary Francis write
entertainingly in the musical depart
ment. The Japanese players and people
who laugh at what they do not under
stand In a play are among subjects
treated in the dramatic department, r.o:-;?
Robertson has a poem. Town Talk, best
of the weeklies, only 10 cents a copy, at
all newsdealers. ' •
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINQ.
Ln PFfiCV Manufacturer of BeTtf nor nnd
• 1. I/CUCII, LaCB Leather. 105.107 Mia.
lion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. !
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works— MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5043.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THESAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, !
342 to 350 Oeary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books end Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
WOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPBRSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Bupt. H. BLTTH. Mrt.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat ;
and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. ■Sgafe'ttßi
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS '.BOTES & CO., Shipping Butchers, 104 j
JA3- DVILO ti \V,, Clay. Xel. Main 12M. '
CLERKS CANNOT
BE APPOINTED
BY THE JUDGES
Effects of Supreme
Court Decision.
SEVERAL OFFICES CRIPPLED
— #__
COUNTY CLERK NOT THE ONLY
ONE TO SUFFER.
Strong Efforts to Be Made to Secure
a Modification of the Rul
ing Payment of
Deputies.
Thprf are several municipal officers, in
cluding the District Attorney, Superin
tendent of Streets and License Collector,
who have discovered that they are in the
same boat with the County Clerk, Hn.l
that their office forces have been greatly
curtailed by the recent decisions of the
Supreme Court. None of them have yet
decided upon any plan of action, but tl.ev
are hopinp that a rehearing will be grant
ed, and some modification of the original
decision made. They all declare that th
business of thei rreapective offices ha? In
creased to such an extent that it will be
utterly impossible to properly transact
business with the force provided for by
the law ' of twenty yean ago. All the
offices affected will confer shortly rtnd
reach some agreement as to what course
to pursue to secure a modification of tht
decision.
County Clerk Deane returned from !
Tuscan Springs yesterday morning, and
was met at the depot by Managing Dep
uty Joseph Goddard. Mr. Deane and Mr.
Goddard held a brief consultation .and !
then parted. Later in the day Mr. Deans
called upon Auditor Wells and an agree
ment was reached between them as to
the course which will be pursued under
the decision of the Supreme Court.
"Auditor Wells has agreed to audit the
demands of the deputies in my office up
to the time the remittitur arrives from
the Supreme Court." said Mr. Dean
"The remittitur will not arrive, in o'l ;
probability, until about thirty days. ;md
in the meantime a plan of action can h"
p ( rl • ted. If this decision is final, all T
can do is 10 live up to the law and cut
down the staff under me. in keeping with
the decision. It Will work no hardship
upon m< . the public alone must Buffer it
the work in the office drags, but I can as
sure the people that I will do my best to
keep matters tunning with the limited
force allowed me by law.
"However. I hardly think the decision
will stand as it is now. There has been
■ some talk that the Superior Judges had
authority to appoint such officers as may
be necessary to conduct the business of
their respective departments, but I am
i informed on the best legal authority that j
thej have no power to appoint clerks, and
the Supreme Court decision only provides
[ght courtroom clerks, while there
ar« twelve departments. The Superioi
Judges will not submit to this, nor will
the Bar Association. Of course there will i
be an application for a rehearing, and I
rather think that some sort of conference ■
will be held, at which a compromise wi.i !
ibe effected and the decision modified
whereby the County Clerk will be given a
sufficient force to conduct his office with,- !
out interfering with the proper adminis
tration of justice. i
"This decision sets the ( ounty < lerk s
offie ■ hack to its condition when the new
constitution went into effect in 1879. A 1
that time therp were only eight depart
ments of the Superior Court and the bus
of the office was n»t to be compared
°Miditor Wells said: "I shall honor
: these dermnds the same as heretofore. :
i until the remittitur is handed down. The ,
i clerks and Judges can by that time de- j
i termine what they shall do. T.he law
under which these clerks are employed
< went into effect in lSgn, when San Fran
' Cisco was but a village. I believe at that
time the Auditor and one clerk carried j
on the business of this office. The city j
1 has grown in size since then, however, [
i and personally I do not believe that the
County Clerk has any more clerks than;
! were needed to carry on the work of his I
department. With only twenty-seven I
clerks it will be impossible to do the |
! work. T suppose the courts will order ex- i
tra help and send special court orders for \
! the salaries of the clerks. These I am
I compelled to audit. Except for making
more work for this office. I do not be
lieve the decision of the Supreme Court
will make much difference. We will have,
: to keep two accounts, one for court or
■ ders and the other for the clerks em
ployed by the County Clerk. The remit
titur will probably not be handed down
for about thirty days."
Auditor Wells and County Clerk Deane
do not agree upon one point, for while
the Auditor is of the opinion that the
courts can appoint clerks, the County
Clerk says he has high legal authority
to tlie contrary. The Superior Judges are
expected to take some action in the mat
ter Monday, for one and all declare they
| cannot hold court without a clerk.
RULES ARE FORMULATED.
For the Guidance of the Local Pas
senger Agents' New Association.
The committee of seven appointed to
draft rules and by-laws for the govern
ment of the new Local Transcontinental
Passenger Agents' Association met in the
Southern Pacific building yesterday after
noon and formulated a set of laws which
will be presented to the association for
its acceptance or rejection at its next
nioetinp. which will be held on Tuesday
morning in Wells. Fargo & Co.'s building
on Second and Mission streets.
Major Field Incompetent.
Major Edward Field, an officer at pres
ent located at the Presidio, has been sent
to a local institution for treatment, as ho
is unable to transact business. Yesterday
Judge Troutt appointed his wife Mrs
Minna Field, his guardian, fixing her
bonds at $1000. She will serve until fuch
time as the unfortunate officer has been
restored to mental capacity.
HARDWARE-
DALACF Hardware Co.. Importer* and Deal-
■^ ere In hardware. 603 Market: tel. MalnTiS.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry Morton & Hedley. Pri»-j t.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Da.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
PAPER DEALERS.
WII 1 AMFTTP PULP AND paper co.
YtILLMmCIIC 722 Montgomery Str',^,
PRINTINO.
F C HIIHHF^ printer.
L- C HUGHEB.SU Sangome street.
THE BICKS-JUDD CO., Printers, Book-
lUC mWH^-JUilll U|.. binders. 23 First it.
STATIONFR ANQ PRINTER.
"^""PARTRIDGE X
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding AgenU and public Weigher*. Oen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 210 California et. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES, ETC.
TI lIWUV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LI) ft VI, xs-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d. at.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at It*
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Js the Best Coal in the Market.
Otflc* aad TaxUs— «6o Main gtroc
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^Lw^^
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar*
SFF Ir*ADTrBV FORHEADACHE - SEE
SLL CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. * EC
rcMiifNC IPSTTLE FOR BILIOUSMESS. rcwITfVD
GENUINE §T I ver for torpid liver. GENUINE
I PJLLS FOR CONSTIPATION
PPFB Ji_^ " for sallow SKIM. WRAPPFR
"K^rlLK liim 1 FOR THE COMPLEXION >YKAtTtK
m , CiilJVT'l^nS MUSTKAVC SipNATURC.
25 Cents I Purely Te?etaDle.y<^*»^&?s«r*^
"PRINTED OIST RED PAPER.''
Hot el Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63d STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND
HOMELIKE MANNER. ,
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF ITS CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library of choice literature 'las
just been added.
ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING.
Delightfully and Conveniently Located, within
ten minutes of the Amusement and Shopping
D RATES MODERATE.
American and European Plans.
Write tor our book. "Th» Empire Illustrated. '
and ether particulars.
W. JOHNSON QUINH, Pro rietor,
PURE, HEALTHY, f%
FRAGRANT. ffl*f !
The unnatural odor from per- T*S^U Jr I
splration and all other Impurities *- tir-~^
are speedily and completely removed and th? j
entire body given a pure, healthy, fragrant ,
tone by the dally us*, in toilet and bath, of ;
WOODBURT'B Facial Soap and WOOD- |
BURY'S Facial Cream.
i'""^ SAVE our MONEyTI
! § From $10 to $17.50 ;!
'! 'm^'^^i You can get the best All-Wool i
''jffjjygii!! Suit Made to Order at I,
ilWfjOE POHEIM i
/ - ' If you want a first-class, '
i i^aK^ well-fitting; suit of clothes r
'. M^ from $20 to $40 go to i|
; II JOE POHEIM :
Fine Clothes at 25 per \
' cent less than elsewhere. ,
/ 201-203 Montgomery. St., Cor. Bush. i'
1 10-1 1 12 Market St.. S. P. I
i visit DR JORDAN'S great^
{WISEUM OF ANATOMY^
A £$ ISSHL42EET ST.tet. 6:li*7tii, S.r.Cil. i :
T TjT The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
W KaA 1 1 ■ ■ 1 1 1 p»«iciTi ij cared by the uijuu T
# tig 31 .Specialist on the Coatt. Est. 36 years. 0 ,
i Q&B*i OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES i
\ FiSS&lt Consultation free and strictly privat- \
& I JSRkL H Tri-itmer.t personally rr by Inter. A §
TA«r ™ H Potitivt Cure in every case undertaken. W
Mr 'I 1A rite for Boole. PHIl.O«*«U'HVofi
r' I I 1" M *?. RIA . CiIH: « MAILED FREE. (Af
X jjp ' valuable book for mrnj \
f »R. JOK1»»\ A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. f
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aDO >OT DESPAIR !' DenotSuf
fer Longer! The Jon and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of Nervous Debility ars '
absolutely cared by PEKFEfTO
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in- '
sc'unia, tailing memory and the "ante
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of ear.v years.
Impart vigor and potency to every func- :
tion. Brace up the system. Give [ / jMa^ bloom to the ;
cheeks and lustre to the eves of Lrfk\ younir or old.
One 60c box renews vital enerfjy.pilJe boxes at
$2. 50 a complete guarante ed cure YSTttw or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest >*«!►' pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
•pr)<«» hy TIIF. PKTimTO < »>., C*-*-* «Ms.. , hlr.-rn. 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy,
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Grant Drug Co.. In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
electric; BELTS
Prices from J3 50 to
fIPSv/W ''.■'■>"7^Bi 525. Largest manu-
Kjfc/W '[. ' 7 /\Csfl facturers in the Uni-
WnnSifa^iJil^?^3^T«y ted States. No Quacks
>*»^aß^^^ißV^- l Ver connected with this
or\Slsi^f^^Jr\ PStabllKhment.
SfYX_ ' C^ For particulars ■
call or send 2c In
*ffc stamps for "Booklet i
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F. |
/Jv**^ LADIES DO yon KNOW
)fr %*J$ DR. FELIX LE BRUN'S '
xj# a \ Steel § Pennyroyal Treatment
X* J is the original and only FRENCH,
M [ safe and reliable care on the mar-
y "^-ket. Price. $1.00; sent by maiL
& \ Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDE» & CO.. Sole Agents.
214 Kearnv 3t., San Francisco.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNEY AND WASHINGTON STS.— j
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD & ,
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to {8 week: $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room: elevator runs all night.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
Offenbach's Merriest and Most Tuneful Opera. i
The BRIGANDS
"WE ALWAYS COME WHEN 'TIS TOO
LATE."
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY!
PICTURESQUE COSTUMES!
A PERFECT PRODUCTION.
MONDAY, June 26, Three Nights Only!
"ORPHEUS AND EURYDICE."
THURSDAY. June The Society Event—
DENIS O'SULLIVAN. in the Romantic Comic
Opera, "SHAMUS O'BRIEN."
PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9
BASEBALL!
RECREATION PARK,
EIGHTH AND HARRISON STS.
Oakland
vs.
Santa Cruz.
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
GENERAL ADMISSION 2. , c.
LADIES ADMITTED FREE TO THE GRAND
STAND.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA THEATER,
Corner Eddy and Jones sts.
S. H. Frtedlander, Manager.
THE LAST THREE PERFORMANCES.
FAREWELL. OF
The Laffltarfli Grand Italian Opera company
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:15.
"LUCIA."
TO-NIGHT AT 5.15.
"GIACOINDA."
With Barducci. Ferrari. Bardaracco, Travag
lini. Poletinl, L'berto.
Last Performance Sunday Night.
"MIGNON."
With a Great DOUBLE CAST
Repetto. Sostepnl. Überto, Russo, - imellt,
Travaglini
Reserved s»>ats, 25c, oftc. 75c. $1, $1 50.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SAT.), JUNE 14.
Pnrqiiei. any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; ChlU
dren. lie. any part.
MELVILLE and STETSON,
Character Vocalists and Dialect Impersonator*.
WM, M. CRESSY and BLANCH DAYNE
In "Grasping an Opportunity."
FRANC REDDING.
Assisted by
CARLTON MACT,
In "the Duchess of Devonshire."
TACIANU. HANLEY AND JARVIS. WART-
ENEURG BROS.. FRED NIBLO and
McAVOT AND MAY.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCES.
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
MR. HENRY MILLER
AND
A SPECIAL COMPANY.
MATINEE TO-DAY— To-night. Last Tim".
Henry Arthur Jones' Brilliant Comedy,
"THE LIARS."
Be£innin<4 NEXT MOND\Y-3d Week —
HENRY MILLER
And a SPECIAL COMPANY
Anthony Hope's Romantic Comedy.
"The Adventure of the Lady Ursula-"
ALCAZAR
"Mr. Morrison has few competitors."—
aminer. June 20.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. AT 2.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— Last Times Of
The Eminent American Actor.
MR. LEWIS MORRISON,
In a Historical Production of
RICHELIEU !
NEXT WEEK,
"FREDERICK THE GREAT!"
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
TELEPHONE 532.
TO-NIGHT— And All This Week— TO-NIGHT,
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
In Planquette's Charming Opera.
THE CHIMES of NORMANDY
The Production Speaks for Itself:
Read the Dally Papers!
AND AT THESE PRICES! THINK OF IT'
Orchestra J£.">e and ."Oc
Dress Circle (reserved) "i»c
Family Circle (reserved) 15c
Gallery (not reserved) lOc
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY.
Best Reserved Seat in the House —.*>c
Family Circle (reserved) 15c
Gallery 100
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
Next Week— "THE LILY OF KILLARNEY."
UNION COURSING PARK.
THE FINEST ENCLOSED FIELD IN THE
WORLD.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
June 24 and 25.
OPEN AND SAPLING STAKES.
$952 TOTAL PRIZE MONEY— 50.
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend sts. Saturday.
10:15 a. m. and 12:55 p. m; Sunday. 10:15 a. m..
11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-fifth and
Valencia ;ts. 5 minutes later. Returning from
Park Immediately after last course. Extra train
from Park on Sunday at 4:45 p. m. San Mateo
electric cars even' 10 minutes.
ADMISSION. 25 cents. LADIES FREE.
GLEN PARK.
THIS SUNDAY.
SHARKEY
In a four-round scientific sparrlnc exhibition
with "SPIDER" KELLY.
ADMISSION ONLY lOe.
OTHER ATTRACTIONS:
1 I THE CIRCUS.
J I DU BELL, in his wonderful wire
111 act. The highest act ever attempted.
II SEE THE FAMILY OF EDUCATED
I ! I DOGS.
CONCEKTS AND RESORTS.
DuillW GREAT REALISTIC
,j WAR PANORAMA!
OT P™'- W - G - ROLLIN3.
the eminent orator.
mm m a lectures half hourly.
XVlSirillO Market St.. nr. Eighth.
Admission, 50c
Bay! Children. 25c.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION ICC. CHILDREN he.
Bathing, Including Admission, 25c; Children. 20a.
78
OARSMEN WILL GATHER
ON EL CAMPO`S SHORE
Cr)ampior)s Wil' Strive for Victory ir) Outrigged SK'fr
ar)d Berge — University Alen Make
Their Debut.
All ■ • ird to
tl ,• first ■ • ■ ' ' ' J ■-■::. ■•. r ''i'li
will take ] •:: ■ ■ • • r the El
Camp This has been Improved
• old wharf which oro
• : rom the si. ore
boats to keep out
v Indy wi at i I waw-r is
■ : hoppj ■' he rac< s will !>• gin
sirrival of the 10:30 h iai from
- re pr imptitude in
::•, the programme the marshal
rse i A M. Rtone of the Olympic
Issued a rlrcular letter t>> the
them ■" notify
tors 1 hat th< y must be In their
fake their posit I i»i at
mini : ••:■■ after the
v hlch the>
s finis! Bd. Five mln
• • til: will '••• riven, and after
t h . 1 1 time has | - starter will
such competitors as ..re then at the
•
The programme; of ■which details were
given in Tuesday's Call, includes eight
events— three barge race's, two outriggotl
skiff events^ a canoe race, a ten-pared
cutter race between crews of divisions 1
r. ::>l 2 of the naval battalion ami a relay
swimming rare In the junior outrlgged
skiff race there are live entries, whii? In
the senior W. O. Patch of the Dolphins
Mid Dr. < '. C. Dennis of the South l£n<ls
are the only contestants. The form i>»
in E'Kj<i condition and will give his i"or
midable opponent a hard race. In the
barge race, open to schools in the Aca
demic Athletic League, '::• re are two en
tries, and in the jupior barge race there
are three. In the canoe race A. W. Pape
of the Dolphins will meet George Collopy
nf the Pioneers. The most Interesting and
keenly contested event of I he day will be
tlie senior four-oared bar race between
the Dolphin; Pioneer. Alameda and Ariel
crews. The two former crews are really
of the Intermediate class; but at Guerne
ville i-; year the. Pioneer crew, who were
then juniors; defeated the Dolphins, who
earlier in the day had beaten the Ala
meda seniors. The Alameda crew, how
<>vrr. turned the tables on the Pioneers
in i he championship regatta held at Long
Bridge on November »'.. The Alam-Ml .
seniors are rowing well, though P. Avers,
Ftroke, has beer, somewhat out of condi
tion recently. Atweli Webb, who Is num
ber 3. h;is much improved, and J. Lewis
at bow is dning good work.
Th< • • of California Junior on»w
•he Pioneer boathouse and
hold of its work well. Ray
Fryer, number 3. is <he only one of the
crww '•■ has represented the unlvr-ltv
HAS DRIVEN HIS
LAST BIG RACE
Tom Keating, the Celebrated Reins
man, May Never Appear in
the Sulky Again.
DENVER. June 21— The present race
■ -it Overland Park will probably
prove the most successful ever held at
the pretty course. While the caliber of
horses I rtlnj In the different events is
not :; ' las! year, the attendance
sirvl betting recall the days of ;i more
I ■ r. when every
body hid n burn. The weather,
and the track wears
si record-breaking look.
Saturday last saw a great crowd In at
tendance^ md it remained for the bulldog
Searchlight to turn oft til- sensational
performance of the week. In the third
heat of the 2:05 pace the distance flag by
consent of the Judges | was waived, and
Myron Mcllenry announced that he would
Bend the star of the Keating stake a last
mile. Stepping to the quarter in :32 flat,
tho half wan reached In I :):•■_.. the three
quarters in 1:.°.4-4. and the mile finished out
in I'lOo'i. making the fastest mile trawled
by a harness horse thus uir this year.
After the heat McHenry said he was
positive Searchlight would return to Cal
ifornia next fall with a mark below 2:02.
In this name race Raymond W. the i>ig
black horse owned by Kd Oaylord. showed
i.) much advantage and will prove a hard
one to beat In his class "down the line."
Raymond \V was driven by James Cas
pldy; certainly a wonder in his line. In
c-arlier life an accident deprived CaSsldy
of his right arm anil leg. With the aid f.f
:m artificial limb he sits In the bik**., and
passing ■■}• reins around his shoulders
drives with the air of .a veteran. He piles
• the whip in an artistic manner, and if
jits horse happens to make a "jimmy ' he
can pick him up as quickly as a whole
man.
A feeling of gloom prevails around the
Keating stable, for whole-souled Tom y
Keating, who developed the. two pacing
stars Anaconda and Searchlight, will
probably J never again hold the ribbons
over his two pets. Soon after arriving in
Denver Keating was taken ill, being con
lined to his room at the home of Kd Gay
lord. For a time his condition was eriti
«:tl in the extreme, but during the past
week he rallied slightly and on Wednes
day departed for Mount Clemens, Mich.,
accompanied by Lew Crellin and wife of
Pleasanton; Cal. The latter gentleman Is
part owner of Searchlight. The local
physicians think that possibly Mr. Keat
ing's health may improve in a lower alti
tude.
The muchly touted pacer Coney started
in the 2:48 class event. on .Thursday last,
ruling an odds-on favorite. The black
fellow won in straight beats, 'taking a
mark of 2:14 Horsemen in general,
however, are Inclined to the belief that
he will not prove so much when tossed
among the grand circuitors. Tom Keat
ing named him after his friend Al Coney
of San Francisco.
W. G. Durfee of Los Angeles is here.
and yesterday pulled off the 2:35 trot with
the mare Mowitza. after losing one. heat
to the Colorado mare Glen Allie. In his
stable is Dr. Brooke, a green trotter with
a promising prospect. Eastern parties
lately made a tempting offer for the horse,
but it wns refused.
Venus 11, from Heating's string, took
SPORTS
before but the others are enthusiastic
and ready to learn. Their catch ;;t the
beginning of the stroke is not as lively as
it might be. but they react: out well, have
some swing and are painstaking. It i-»
iiy no means unlikely that th<v will fur
nish a surprise. A! Lear, lias be.>n train
ing them, and they are much pleased with
the kindness shown them by the Pioneers.
The Olympic Junior crew has been broken
up by the departure of M. Collln.-. Its
stroke, on a tour round the world, in the
«ourse of which he will visit the Hawaiian
Islands. Japan, China. India. Egypt,
Great Britain and the Paris Exposition.
The Stockton Athletic Association In
tended to enter a ,luni«ir barge crew, but,
though three good men were at hand, a
fourth could not be found.
The Citizens' Fourth of July celebration
committee having offered IMO to the re
gatta committee of the Pacific Ass icia
tion. Amateur Athletic t'nion, a <">ro
gramme of races will be arranged, for
which purpose a meeting will be h -Id on
Monday nighf.
The sixth annual regatta to be held fit
Astoria August 21 and 22 bids fotr to be
even more successful than that if last
year. TTie committee is already actively
at work and will have the courses cor
rectly surveyed and maps of them sent
to the clubs here for distribution among
the oarsmen. The regatta will probably
be given In the name of the Pacific North
western Rowing Association, which In
cludes the Willamette Portland. Victo
ria. Vancouver, Kurrard Inlet and St.
James' Bay rowing clubs and the Seattle
Athletic Club. The Kan Francisco oars
men enjoyed themselves so much at As
toria last year that they are anxious to
repeat their visit. Any clubs that wish
to i Mter crews, of any members who In
tend to compete ai Astoria, should com
municate as soon as possible with S. J.
Pembroke, who has charge of all mat
t-r-i relating to participants from San
Fran< Isco and neighborhood. The Ala
meda senior barpe crew will try to re
peat Its victory this year. All its mem
!■> rs are in the emploj of Miller, Sloss
& H "tt, the Benior member of which
firm, being an enthusiastic supporter of
towing, will do his best to let the crew oft'
at the time of the regatta. A representa
tive of the University of California may
■ it -v the outrigged skiff race and R. Mc-
Arthur and J. Foley of the South Ends
wish to pull in the Bhell event. A. W.
Pape hopes to arrange a race with a. pro
fessional sculler.
The Triton Swimming and Boating Club
recently elected the fallowing officers:
Presldent.'D. H. Everett: financial Becre
tary, I. Citron; recording secretary,
George W. Mum; treasurer. W. E. Hess;
captain. L. C. Kelton; lieutenant captain.
Stanley Add.>rlev: trustees— D. J. A.
O'Keefe, VV. E. White and August F.
Schuppert.
| the 3:00 trot on the opening day driven ;
by John Blue. She is a candidate for the
rich M. & M. stake at Detroit if a nomina
tion can lie purchased, but most of the 1
horsemen here doubt whether she is good 1
enough to win this classic event. "~
in the 2:17 trot, decided on the ir.th inst..
B. O. Van Rokkelen. the San Jose horse
man, played in hard luck with Kllert.
It was a five-heat affair, and after finish-
Ing second in the first and fourth In the
next heat the. favorite. Phoebe Childers.
took the following three heats. Not until
the last did Ellen get steadied clown to
his work. and. heavily backed, reached j
the wire just in time to lose by the short- j
est of heads. With the heat to his credit i
Ellert would undoubtedly have won. for he
seemed as fresh as at the outset.
Among the running horses quartered on
the grounds the California owners are but
lightly represented, Frank McMahon, I
Henry Gerhardv. Fa \rar & Tuberville and ■
Peter Romigh being tne r~ore prominent.
The latter has been successful with the
; mare Mocorito. having started four imes j
and on three occasion's finisning} llrst.
Alaria. which was formerly owned by '
CorriKan, has shown poor form. McMahoh j
and Gerhardy are gnvitly disappointed In
j her running, as they expected to clear the !
! board with the filly.
Farrar & Tuberville suffered severe re- '
verses In the ring with I^ochnoss. Second
seems to be the best the chestnut horse
can run, costing his Mends a small for
■ tune.
Henry Edelmnn from ]y)s Angeles Is
here, but as yet lias shown nothing from
his stable, unless it were some stunning j
j effects in colored shirts. A r>l:.k one In
particular was clearly distinguishable on
a clear evening from Pikes Peak.
I The betting ring Is conducted by a syn
dicate, and though 'hen- has been some
; "killing" at the prices, the odds laid as a
rule are liberal. The betting has been
brisk and the ring Is v. ell ahead.
A! Coney and a young betting man from
Boston named Crawford tried to take a
fall out of the books yesterday. The ,;,!,,
dropped $2600 on Enclno, Mountain Queen
and 1 Don't Know. Crawford only smiled
and said he would be on hand Monday,
The jockeys riding lure are not a superb
lot. Johnny Sullivan of San Francisco is
the best, but accepts few mounts, r\s he
' says "a boy wants a balloon to make the
• turns with those hush riders."
F. K. MULIIOLLAND.
RELAY RACE PROTEST.
The meeting of th° California Asso
ciated Cycling Clubs, at which the pro
test over the recent relay race is *.o be
finally considered, will be held next
Thursday evening at s o'clock at room
E62, Parrott JbuUdlng. The Olympic
Wheelmen will then present their side of
the case for the defense, and the dele
gatee will vote on the matter. One thing
Is certain, and that is. the race will not be
'■ run over this year. The trouble and ex
pense is too great. Ti>. delegates might
vote, however, to call this year"s event no
race. All fair-minded wheelmen are of
I the opinion, nevertheless, that the Olym
-1 pic? won the cup as fairly as it has ever
been won. and that they are justly en
titled to the trophy.
Charles If. Murphy cf New York, who
I rod.- a mile paced by a locomotive last
Wednesday in the remarkable time of 1:05,
'Is well known to the wheelmen here'
These who attended the big meet at San
.Jose in Novfmber. l r w>. will recall his
Clever win of the tiv-mile national cham
pionship from Bald. Cooper and other
cracks in world's record time. Murphy Is
; an "old man" now, but apparently still
his speed left, and will doubtless get the
i mile down to a minute flat on his next
I trial
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, JUNE 24, 1899.
BURLINGAME COUNTRY CLUB EN FETE
ON Independence day six years ago a number of gentlemen intere ted in ccacM g, po!o and other
high-cla<s sport; oi ihe field organized the Eorlingame Country C ub- Since then t has propered
beyond the hopes of i!s cnginal member;, more especially in recent years under tne presidency of
Major J. L. Rathbone, assisted by astrong board of di-ectors. Th: new clubhouse wil. be ready for oc
cupancy on the forthcoming Independence day and t c occasion wi 1 br marked with festivities. These
will mc ude luncheon»and music at the clubheuse, golf for the Princt Poriatowski challenge trophy,
pigeon shooting, polo and pony race?. The illustrations are Irom photographs by J. R. Hodson. 416
Geary street.
SANTA CRUZ
VS. OAKLAND
Doniin Clones Hi? California Ca
reer With the Present Series
in This City.
The hatting averages of the California
League players are being compiled, but It
is a slow and difficult task; consequently
the cranks will have to wait a few days
more before they can ascertain just where
their favorites stand. Jt Is a very pretty
fight among the leaders, and some sur
prises .ire iii store for the players as well
as fanatics. Krug has passed Dunlin and
now leads the league, while Jfardie up to
the last series was third.
The Santa Cruz Lobsters will engage
the Oaklands in the first of a series of
three games at Recreation lark this af-
GERALDINE, THE FAMOUS
SPRINTER NOW RETIRED
A Q\jeer\ of the Jvjrf ar\d Her Offspring.
The Call presents to-day the third of its series of celebrated matrons of th<»
turf. Geraldlne and her sturdy young colt by W. 08. Macdonough's horse St.
Carlo. "Jerry," as the great mare was invariably called by her admirers, was
possibly the greatest sprinter on the American turf. Her half-mile record of 4<J
seconds, made at YVestchester. X. V., August 30. ISS9, with 122 pounds up, has
never been equaled. She also ran six and a half furlongs on old Bay DMtiict
track in IS9I in 1:18%, as against the present American record of 1:192-6 by VVern
berg.
She has been raced in many classic events, match races and even at count}'
fairs, hut whatever the race, whatever the pace, whatever the distance, she has
finished, with but few exceptions, tirst. Her ancestors on her dam's side have
been owned by the family of R. Porter Ashe for a number of generations back. His
m:ire Cousin Peggy, mated with E. J. Baldwin's great horse Grlnstead, produced
Geraldine. now 14 years old. Geraldine was a great favorite with the feminine
frequenters of racetracks, invariably carrying their money in all her starts. The
mar.- seldom disappointed them.
There was much of romance in her honorable career on the turf. Possib!y the
crowning episode was the visit of Porter Ashe and his brothers to Bay District
track and the subsequent abduction of the mare, which had passed out of their
hands and for which he and his brothers have always shown so much affection.
Sydney Ashe saddled Geraldine and horse and man were soon swallowed up in
the darkness. Months afterward she was found at the ranch of "Jack" Reos
near Pleasanton.
Geraldine is owned by A. B. Spreckels and is one of the group of celebrated '
matrons on his farm near Napa. The colt foal by her side is by St. Carlo, he by
St. Blaise, winner of the Derby, and afterward sold to August Belmont of New
York for $K>o.ooo. Ruinart, winner of the Burns handicap. Palace Hotel stakes
and other classic events, la also by St. Carlo, out of a sister to Geraldine.
I ternoon. Ewing has secured a new first |
! baseman named Magulre, who is reputed |
ito be a good one and a hard hitter. He
has accepted the hint to try Russell
against the big fellows who annihilate
right-handers but get into difficulty when
ever they face a southpaw. Donlln will
make his last appearance on the Califor
nia diamond this season, for next week i
he starts East to fill his engagement with
St. Louis. He will be in the box to-day
for the visitors. The Oaklands have been
practicing assiduously every day this
week, both in fielding and batting, and are
confident they will more, than hold their
own; The game will be called at 3 o'clock
with the teams lined up as follows:
Oakland. Positions. Santa Cruz.
Hammond < "atrh^r Pace
i Russell. Pitcher Donlin
Mneulre First base Clark
Peeples Second base Williams
' LanßO Third base Devereaux
Schmeer Shortstop Kleiber
Dunleavy I>>f t Hold Str^i li
! Donovan Center n>hl Drennan
HHr.lle Ri*ht fit-Id Burge
Wants a Divorce.
Noyea Wlrt has filed suit against Mary
W'lrt. alleging desertion as a cause of ac
tion.
SILVER CUP FOR
WOMEN GOLFERS
The Prince Poniatowski Challenge
Trophy Gives the Game
Renewed Life.
So many people have already left the
city 1 hat the Presidio links are compara
tively deserted. The following ladles
have, however, heen out for practice
lately: Miss Moody, Miss Dobeer, Mrs.
H. B. Goodwin, Miss M. B. Houghton.
Miss Benjamin and Miss Sarah Drum.
Among the men who have been over the
course recently ure C. P. Mullins, Lansing
Kellogg. Richard Gay lord. R. V. Watt,
H. B. Goodwin and P. McG. Mcßean.
The first competition for the silver cup
presented by Prince Andre I'oniatowski
to the Burlingame Country Club will take
place on the Burlingame links on Tuesday,
July 4. It is at eighteen holes, medal
play, and is open to lady players of the
Burlingame, San Francisco, Oakland and
San Rafael polf clubs. Entries must be
made by sending names to A. B. Ford,
secretary, Burlingame, before July l.
Scores kept and signed by some one not
taking part in the game should be hunded
in to J. Kruttschnltt, the committee on
greens, or his representative, immediately
after completing the course. The cup will
be awarded to the lady making the lowest
gross score for the two rounds.
More activity is at present being dis
played by the golfers of San Rafael than
by those of Oakland or San Francisco.
For some time to come San Rafael and
Del Monte will be the favorite rendezvous
of golf lovers. J. Melville, formerly of
the Oakland Golf Club, is in charge of
the Del Monte links. Several matches In
response to challenges have recently been
played among the members of the San
Rafael Golf Club. Over the short course:
Mrs. \V. C. Uush defeated Mrs. A. F. Kech
teler, 8 up; Huron J. M. yon Sehroeder de
h-a'.e-d \V. J. tit-rstle, 3 up; K. H. Grt-en de
feated Mis I". 11. Green, 3 up; P. S. Jnlin-
Bon defeated Mrs. Kautz, 2 up; Carter I. l'om
eroy defeated W. \V. Morrow; Lieutenant T.
<;. Roberts defeated L>r. H. O. Howitt, L up;
S. H. Board man defeated M. L. Gt-rstle; Cle
ment Arnold defeated \V. .1. Qeratle,
Over the long course— Graham Habeook de
leaii-d K. K. Wartield, 9 up; Graham Habeook
defeated Mis. Oilman Brown, S up; Mrs. Gil
man Brown defeated K. K. Wurtleld, l up;
Mrs. Gllman lirown tied with Dr. J. D. Ar
nold at eighteen holes, and on playing ott the
tie, won 2 up on twenty holes.
Early in July there will be several com
petitions on the San Rafael links. On
July 1 there will be a competition open to
the caddies, at nine holes, medal play
beginning at 1:30 p. m. First and second
prizes wni be offered. At 5 p. m. a driving
contest, for which a prize is offered, will
take place among the caddies. On July
'A at 9 a. m. there will be a children's han
dicap, medal play, at nine holes, and at
2:30 p. m. a ladies' handicap, medal play
at nine holes. On July 4 there will be a
rnei^s handicap, at eighteen holes, and a
mixed driving and approaching competi-
Santa Monica is becoming a favorite re
sort of golfers. There are two links—
thi se of the Santa Monica Golf Club ami
the Ocean Park course. The latter was
lain out last year by Messrs. Dudley and
Kinnev and is being put into order for
the season. It is a sporty course, and
was popular last year. It Is intended to
keep the greens in good order through
out this season, which was formaliv
opened yesterday by an open tournament
which will be concluded to-day
Besides the Ocean Park links 'th^-re are
also at Santa Monica the grounds and
house of thf> Santa Monica Golf Club The
instructor is W. Robertson, who has' been
a golfer from boyhood. ha*ing been born
at Carnoustie. which lies across the river
from the famous Scotch links of St \n
drews. For two years he was with "the
Burlingame Country Club, which disputes
with Riverside the honor of having first
made golf known in California. He also
laid out the course at the Hotel del
Monte. Monterey, and was for mor? than
three years the couch of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club. The grounds of the ,-5-iiitA
Monica Golf Club of the North Side lie
between Eighth and Fourteenth streets
and Arizona and California avenues The
"greens"' are not turfed, but are made of
layers of adobe soil and ocean b*>ach
sand, packed and rolled until it is as hard
and smooth as an oaken floor. The lead
ing spirits In the club are Robert Jones
Roy Jones, G. W. Wells. M. J. Burnieste l
and T. 11. Dudley, the last two being well
known cricketers.
Golf is played almost all over Southern
California. Among the now clubs is the
Sar. Buenaventura Golf Club, which was
organized in December of last year The
members, few of whom have ever niayed
golf before, are at present using tem
porary links, as no suitable ground for a
course is available. There is a good
deal of enthusiasm among them. Dr
Hemming is president. Mrs. J. S. Nt'wby
treasurer and Miss Jane Herrlck secre
■ tarv. The membershiD includes Miss Power.
FISHERMEN FIND SPORT
IN THE YOSEMITE LAKES
Reservation Waters Teen) With All Varieties of Trout.
Movements of Weil-Known Rod-Wielders
on Many Streams.
President Alexander T. Vogelsang of
the State Fish Commission returned some
days since from Yosemite National Park
and is enthusiastic over the magnificence
01 the valley and the attractions it of
fers fishermen. Although the season is
backward, because of the high stage of
the water, tht sport has not suffered.
When the water runs dov i the fishing
should be as good as any to be had In
the mountains.
In four hours' fishing: down stream at
Wanona Mr. Vogelsang secured forty-one
trout. They were not of large size, aver
aging from six to ten inches, but they
were fine, fat fish. Farther down the
Merced River Mr. Vogelsang thinks the
sport would, if anything, inprove. He
met a man with a basket filled to the top,
some of his fish being twelve-inch ones.
Ostrander, Johnson and Grouse Lakes
have been well stocked and are full of
fish. Alder Creek, through the Empire
Meadows, is stocked with Eastern brook
trout. Bridal Veil Falls provides good
fishing and can be reached from Glacier
Point or Wawona hotels. The south fork
of Merced River is fairly teeming with
fish at Wawona and, in fact, throughout
the reservation the same holds good.
To Mr. Vogelsang's surprise he found
not one in fifty of the persons entering
the valley were provided with fishing im
pedimenta. The valley is full of campers,
while the hotels have all the patronage
they could desire.
Al Coombs and wife left on the 20th
inst. for Grants Pass, Oregon. They will
fish the Rogue River until July 1, and
will then goto Pelican Bay. where they
will remain until August IS The stage
road from Ashland to Pelican Bay is still
closed and cannot be opened until next
week because of the snow. Manager
CrarV at Pelican Bay, is authority for
the Statement: that: the fishing is sensa
tional, as it always is at this time of the
• { r \V. Foote,. Judge Henshaw and W.
S- Slptson have returned from their trip
to Yoiemlt" Valley. They fished in the
v°elnitv ™t Wawona with Indifferent suc
cess as the season is somewhat back
ward The season was much earlier last
\5 *»*"4** i* * * * • • ■
Miss Minnie Newby. Miss Sheoard Mrs.
1 lovd Rev Mr. Forbes, N. H. Spend r.
Wl II Ym Sheldon. Mies Adelaide Stephens,
M"s Kktherlne Lynch Miss Grflleßruno
Miss Valeria Browne. Miss Atala ■ \V as nor.
Miss Adele Wagner, the Misses Char e
bola Messrs Dubbs. Kenagy. McD.ivid,
Bert Brown and Raymond Giibbert.
There Is a golf club at Nordhoff. in the
Ojai Valley, and links are being laid out
at Oceansid'e, at Long Beach and at Ter
minal Island The Pomona College Ath
letic Association will also lay out a
course A club has been organized at San
Bernardino, the officers of which are:
Miss Lulu Claire Bahr, president; Miss
Leah frolic, secretary, and Ralph swing,
treasurer. A temporary course will be
used for practice until permanent links
can be laid out.
RIFLEMEN MAY SECEDE.
After nearly a year of waiting the local |
representatives of the National Schuet- )
zenbund have received a report of the
finances of that organization when the
final settlement of affairs of the last
tournament at Glendale. Long Island. -V.
V.. was made. The riflemen here regard
the report as a case of "Old Mother Hub
bard." so far any benefits they are to
receive are concerned. In the past the
custom has been and the bund laws re
quire that within thirty days from the j
conclusion of each national rifle tourna
ment the officers shall make a complete
report to the member clubs and as quickly
as possible turn over to the new board of j
officers, in whatever part of the United |
States they may be. all funds, property
and archives. When it was decided to
hold the next tournament in San Fran
cisco in 1901 the knowing ones here re
marked that the New Yorkers would
figure out the finances so neatly that no
good Eastern money would be sent to the
Pacific Coast. How wisely they judged |
may be seen from the following synopsis
Of the old officers' report:
The rash left over after the tournament of
1895 amounted to $6206 93, with $j94 06 for in
terest This, with the receipts of the last
tournament for shooting tickets and conces
sions amounted to $2T.ril6 06. The disburse
ments amounted to the astonishing sum of
$°7 131 20, leaving a balance of $381 88. The hal
ance was further reduced by a lawsuit "for i
services" by one of the executive board, which I
rut the true balance to $2M» 86. This, with a j
few cheap medals and cups, will be all that
will rome to the new organization. Some of
the principal items of expenditures are peculiar.
The shooting committee spent $16,770 61 in
prizes, while the sale of tickets for shooting
ran up over $20,000. Thp entertainment and
park committee took $42. r >B "0 out of the fund,
while the expenses of the press committee was I
$2*il9 61. Two cheap ai-robats, for thp amuse- ■
menr of quests, cost $1050; music. $1200, and
"entertainment." $260. The account of mis
cellaneous expenses was $3452 27.
This treatment at the hands of the I
Eastern riflemen has developed a matin- |
ous sentiment In the ranks of the local |
marksmen. From twelve to fifteen rifle ■
clubs in this city, Sacramento and San j
Jose are members of the Naional Schuer- I
zenbund, and among them the question !
is being asked. "Why should the members !
of the Pacific Coast support an organize- ,
tion whose Eastern officers have done
such clever financiering that the Western j
members are deprived of the privilege of !
handling any of the funds?" As a fact,
in the past tournaments in the East the
Western riflemen have "shot in" be
tween $3500 and $4000. yet only a little over
$200 comes back to this coast for the
benefit of the national tournament. That
there has been gross mismanagement, i.r j
worse, is the general opinion here. It j
would not be surprising if, out of this un
satisfactory condition of affairs, a West
ern rifle shooting association should
spring. The argument made is that if the
tournament of 1901 proves a financial suc
cess, and the events of Western riflemen •
are always successes, the Western marks
men should have the benefit, instead of
sending a surplus to the East to he
squandered. On Monday night the dele
gates to the bund will meet, and some
action on this suggestion may be taken.
year in Crescent and Ostrander Lak*s.
The gentlemen saw fish in abundance, but
they were not feeding on the surface.
H. W, Keller of Los Angeles, recently
appointed a member of the Fish Commis
sion, is expected in this city within a day
or so.' He will be entertained by his as
sociates on the board. Among other places
they will visit the splendidly appointed
hatcheries at Sissons.
Trout are selling at 4 and 5 cents a
round net for San Francisco shipment at
Tahoe. The usual average at this time
I <f the year has been from 10 to 12^ cents.
E. \Y: Hunt sends word that the fishing
is remarkably good, weather and other
conditions being all that could be de
sired. The price received by the market
fishermen indicates the abundance of the
fish.
L. C. A. Strother of Canada came here
recently on fishing and shooting bent. He
is anxious to secure the skull and hide
of a big seal for a Canadian mus«um.
When the shocting season opens he will
go in quest of deer and other large game.
J. Le Roy Nickle, E. J. McCutcheon.
Charles Page and Warren Olney are still
at Pelican Bay. They send down the
usual stories as to large flsh and the un
limited quantity of them. Mr. Olney pur
poses climbing Mount Shasta before he
returns home.
W. F. Bogart has been at Sims, one cf
his favorite fishing grounds. E. Everett
has written from Sims to his friend 3
praising the sport.
W. R. and E. C. Hume, -with a party of
five, have gone to Yreka. Excellent fish
ing is to be found in the mountains there
abouts.
A. C. Bassett and Colonel Kelliennr
have gone to Wiliamson River, in Oregon.
Mr. and Mrs. Lager Crantz have also
gone to the Williamson.
Al Gumming is still at Webber Lake.
Dr. and Mrs. Bull of Alameda left for
Webber Lake some days since.
Clarence M. Smith is at Independence
I.akr, and in his own words the fishing is
more than good. The trout are not tak
ing the fly readily, the spinner being most
in demand.
Ralph Merrill, who is an expert with
the rod, has gone to Siskiyou. where ho
expects good sport.
W. P. Fuller is in Mendocino County,
making his annual pilgrimage to that
paradise for fishermen and persons in
niit'=t of large game.
SAPLINGS WILL
BE TRIED OUT
Mettle of Some New Stock Will
Be Tested in Competition
To-Day.
The saplings will have their inning at
Union Coursing Park to-day, there being
two stakes — one for dogs and the other
for bitches — on the card. A lot of new
stock will be riven a trial, affording tho
followers of the game a line on their pos
sibilities as future winners of big stakes.
<'hlef interest centers about the Kmin Pa
sha—Van Cloe youngsters, entered by Rob
ert Malcom and J. H. Rosseter. They art
bred for speed and are expected to render
a good account of themselves.
The owners of some of the dogs hava
ignored all precedent and to secure pup
pies have bred non-winners to non-win
ners. Authorities hold that the chances
of getting a stake winner under these
conditions are remote. It shows an abid
ing faith in their dogs when men will
go to all the expense of raising and car
ing for them under these circumstances.
The sires and dams of some of them are
hardly eligible for a beaten dog stake.
The sires whose progeny prove winners
have invariably shown ability at some
time in their career. It is an adage
among horsemen to breed winners to win
ners and this should hold equally good
among the greyhounds, where extreme
speed is desired.
The ciehtv-four-dog stake, which will
be run down once to-day, has been filled
with a high-class lot of dogs. Many for
mer winners of stakes which have" been
in retirement for a long time are being
brought out and are ready to battle for
the prizes.
The directors of Union Park are already
preparing for the next big event, the
Winners" stake, to be decided about the
middle of July. To secure a high stand
ard it has been determined to restrict
eiitries to dogs which have won a first
or a second prize. An entrance fee of $10
will be exacted. The association will give
$1000 added money.
There will he coursing on the Ist, 2d
and 4th of July. The programme Includes
an open stake, limited to eighty entries,
and a forty-eight-dog reserve stake for
non-winners. All dogs which have run
to third money since January 1 are ex
cluded. This does not include the win
ners of extra? or sapling stakes
After the 30th inst. the passes now is
sued will be withdrawn from circulation.
It is not intended to limit the distribu
tion, but abuses have crept in which will
be corrected.
Judge John Grace has recovered from
the attack of congestion of the lungs,
from which he suffered for some (lavs.
The betting ring at Union Park "has
been extended down toward the kennels
it j J -' £ l paclty bein S nearly doubled by the
addition.
SWIMMING AND DIVING.
An extended programme of aquatic
sports has been prepared by the manage
ment cf Sutro Baths for to-morrow. Tho
events wiih the various competitors fol
low:
50-yard dash, novice— J. Kelly. R. Marston
• Kin*. C. King. H. Young. O. Lowenthal.
E. Marston.
100-yard clash, juvenile— C. Royal. R. Cooke,
\\ . Waters M. Gardiner. F. Baker, J. Laird.
100-yard dash, amateur*— E. Lee. C. Dono
van. H. Mish. P. Mattner. H. Hirshfield, C.
Jones.
IW-yard tub race— X. Wf-lls, W. Yarrow, O. fc
Khrman. H Stelljes. W. Phillips. C. Augustus, V
E. Beyer. C. Schwartz.
High diving tor boy*— H. Leicken. W. Hoff
man H. Hirshfield. R. Cooke, L. Laird. H.
Durham.
Trirk and fancy springboard diving— C. Baci
galupi, E. I^e. M. Dibert. C. Storhlln, a
"Walcott, J. Gladstone. A. Ba«natori.KENNEDY GETS
THE DECISION
OVER RUHLIN
Outpoints the Big
Man From Ohio.
NEiTHER BOXER DAMAGED
•
CALIFORNIA!* TOO CLEVER FOR
HIS OPPONENT.
Was the A ssor and Landed the
Cleanest Blows Throughout.
Otts "Wins From Game
Charley Tye.
.T.->o Kennedy, looked upon by his friends
r.s a big, good-natured boy. was given the
decision over Gus RuhHn in theirnwenty
und bout before the Excelsior Club in
Woodward's Pavilion last night. The
ihioan could not reach Kennedy effect
ively, and although he was in much bet
m trim, he was not able to break down
the biilrfornian's guard. Kennedy's most
/::.■■•:■... Mow was a straight left, whivh
]{>J ::-. could not avoid nor got away from
Thi £cal man kept this In play through
out and Ruhlin could not break it down.
t t\as a constant menace and did th«
•: ••-: execution] Each time Kennedy led
topped, countered or jabbed with his left
h, natural* threw his boay out of range
Were at the Ringside When Kennedy Was Declared Winner
....
■
ground n -'.vine
■•.».. ;
I
■ • At this
: lin in with
. _•'.■. it. which includ< ■!
. ■ [lowed
■ !'.y hissed by
;he spectators for his unfair methods.
jrAfter a couple of round? Kennedy awak
ened to the hanged conditions ■■■ nd com
menced to naurn it in kind. Ruhiin had
. made his side and back raw from fre-
I<4U«-nt visitations, but Kennedy devoted
his attention to his opponent's«head and
had him feeling uncomfortable several
times.
For fifteen rounds it ■■• is hit and clinch
ri:i<l although Ruhiin was superbly mus
qled his blows did riot do the damage ex
p< ctetl. Kennedy was always on th alert!
quick to take advantage of an opening
an.d equallyiquick to get iui of the range
of Ruhlln's nesperate rushes.
It was n«->t until the sixteenth round that
:;..• crowd awakeried to the fact that they
-.v.if- ,-ivUn's:-li:tc a stiilly contested battle.
RuhUn was hittir.j? in the clinches and
had been for a couple of rounds, when
K-r.f.rdy .suddenly mined on '..'.:. and
gave him a severe grueling. In the next
clinch he hit Ruhiin repeatedly with his
right- on the jaw an>l took much of th^
.-•..im out of him. At the end of a hard
rally; in which they s-tood up and gave
blow for Mow, both' athletes were bleed-
inir from the nose. Just as tin* gong
clangjedrisignaling the end of the round;
Kennedy landed a stifi left on •: ihlfn
The crowd was all with the Californian
by this time, and stood up and yelled for
him all through the minute rest. The
tension became so marked that Captain
of Police Glllen summoned his m^n and
posted them about t lie ring. Some of
Kenriedyia most ardent supporters were
so demonstrative that they were forcibly
removed from the ringside. Each -■!••
<■• < -djns round until the end was but a
n.-petStion of the sixteenth. Both men
ignored the rules under which they v ere
boxirier.'and hit as they pleased;
I;i the eighteenth round Ruhlin went at
Kennedy hammer and tongs, but after a
hot scrimmage the Californian came out
but little damaged. Toward the end of
the round he was decidedly the aggressor.
h nding right and left repeatedly, but
A eking the strength to land an effective
lii.jw. The spectators were all on their
feet, wildly cheering the man who was
making so gallant a stand against the
veteran! ringster.
Kennedy came up for the last round
comparatively fresh and opened proceed
ings with a left on the ice. There was
some fabt sparring for a brief spell and
then the pace slowed perceptibly. There
wcr.-. repeated clinches; out of which Ken
nedy came, without being injured. When
the gong rang out. signaling the end of
the bout, there was a brief interval of
comparative silence. The spectators could
rot divine' the thoughts passing through
the mi:;U of De Witt Van Court, the ref
eree.
When he advanced toward Kenned: and
]>!ac»-d his hand on his shoulder, a wild
cheer went ip. Kennedy's seconds
hugged and kissed him nd lifted him
about their heads. Kuhlin stood aghast,
as though unable to grasp the full im- ;
"post of the decision. Kennedy at the first
opportunity went to him and shook his ;
hand,. ;•- ';.
As the victorious one started for the j
dressing-room he had fairly to light his
way through the crowd. On all sides i
hands weir- extended and ?ratulatione j
showered upon him. He was admirably •
handled and cpafched by his seconds. Tim j
Me<Jrath "Spider" Kelly and "Soldier"'
Walker ami by "Young Mitchell," who |
occupied a seat near his corner.
The decision of Referee Van Court gave
g^ner.-tl satisfaction, many men who lost J
on Riihlin conceding its justice. Manager j
Collins was congratulated on the success i
of the exhibition, the last four rounds I
• tora.
■ - -••' >m Joe's ff»l-
W their arms around
thei • ■ ■■!■ : •• : ; Of their
<:• . Joe?"' Inquired Tim
the big 111
. .- - final rub.
r twenty." playfully
'> . and his airy, confident
A .; broad grins of com-
V ■ '■ appear on every countenance
i'm.
"1 felt confident of winning from the
outset," said Kennedy. "Ruhlin is a 1
big, strong clever fellow with a good stiff
punch, and I had to handle him cautious
ly during the early rounds of the contest.
1 knew I -was winnhiK all the way, so I
was satisfied to simply keep him going.
No, his fouling didn't bother me much. I !
found out that I could 'nand it cut pretty
rough' myself in the clinches, but 1 didn't
see fit to take that advantage, for 1 telt
confident of beating my man. After the
fifteenth round 1 felt that 1 could afford
to mix matters."
After the battle Tom Sharkey spoke in
the highest terms of Joe Kennedy's abil
ity as a heavy-weight fighter. "His
showing against a bit?. strong, clever fel- '
low like Kuhiiu surprised me somewhat,
though 1 km Kennedy to be a tough
customer for anybody to handle. 1 am
glad he put up such a magnificent battle
right here in his own home. I think Ref
eree Van Court rendered a Just decision; ;
In my opinion Kennedy won at every,
mark of ihe road."
Billy Otts added, another victory to hi?
credit through the kind oflict ■■» of Al Nelll.
referee of the bout between Otts and |
Charley Tye of Oakland. The victory,
however, was not as eleanent as In hi?
former contests. Tye proving a game and :
willing fighter. Both lads went the limit,
and during their ten rounds of fighting
gave the spectators a fine exhibition of
pluck and science, Otts was cleverer than
Tye, but what the latter lacked In that
line was made up In aggressiveness and
grit. To one seated a distance from the
ring, it looked as if Olfs blows lacked
steam, but to a 1 lose observer the young
lightweight administered stiff punches
which were assimilated by his seasoned
opponent.
The bout nearly ended in Otts' favor in ;
the latter part of the first round, lie
administered some telling punches on
Tye, but the ■•■-< gameness pulled him
through, and In the rounds that followed
the Oakland fighter gave blow for blow
and at times forced tne battle. Had Otts
not be<»n so lever In protecting his jaw
from rye's wicked right and left swings
he might have tasted defeat. As it was,
he blocked nearly every blow with his
gloves and avoided others by ducking
The third round proved listless but in
the following round the shouts of his ;
backers led Tye to cut out the pace In
his anxiety he miss, i some very heavy
right swings. He did reach Otts on the'
face and body and Showed to advantage
for the only time during the contest In j
the fifth round Otts' clever ducking of
T: • 'a jabs and swings and returning left '
the A.me man'? noso start
■ ! flowing,
:.i th>!i up to the eighth the boys
hi- rry pace and w« red by
• ra Otts had preat trouble
solving T ea <t\ie f fighting and laid
hack. Every time Ty ■ bored in he would
try left and ri^'ht on the face. In th.
ninth it was and cake. Tye seemed
■■"•■!.•'! by th'- shouts of his
fn<--nds and bored in in the hope of scor
ing a knockout. After shaking hands in
the last round the boys stood in Ov . en
ter of the rir.? and pummeled each other
to th' ir heart's content.
•\t ■ f the round Nelll de
-1 <itrs tii. wirier. The decision was
ted with howls ..f d.'r:<io;i from Tye's
backi r^ and with sh I . from Otts'
rity of the -;>■■■
' •• t • se< m< d with th
. ■
CRICKETERS OF THE SOUTH.
A communication ir.->m 11. WilMd
Walk* tary of the Loa Angeles
Cricket Club, has been received by the
etary of the California Cricket Asso
ciatii ihcing that th<-- southern
win join the association. Th" [.os
Angeles men are anxious to send ;< team
Ban 1 ■■ to try conclusions with
lyers. The visiting team would
-i men available in South
'td California. As the arrangements
■ now l>.' completed I'ofnrp July
'. !!!■■ nexl public holiday available is
mb« r 9. An objei tion t.> the latter
dat • is thai polo !■>!■ ea take plai ■ •• -
i on Admission day, and several of
the best cricketers in Southern Califor
nia will be taking part in them, and -■■>
would have to be omitted from the crick
] • - tuthei t: men would like
• ■ thn c days 1 < ricket, and bu
• h against one of the city
. a one-day contest with a
even made up of any city crick
who could get a holiday for a game.
in ■■ ecently played against the
• Bin Gabriel Valley a i-<>s
• A 220 runs, of which
K. 11. Hay < hapman made 61, J. Scott ■•:■.
M. <".. Burmester 27, not out, and A. M.
Squire 22. None of the San <;ai>ri.-l rop
es, except "C. B. McLeod" (20),
oubl< figures, and the innings clostd
for ' • ■ Ictory for Los Angeles by
!<ii runs. c. A. Mutch, formerly ;t mem
■ thi Pacific eleven, played in th^
Los Angeles team, scoring 9 runs. M. <;.
Burmester, like many cricketers, is also
Ifer, hf-ini? president of the Bant a
Monica Golf Club, th.- secretary of which
Is T. H. Dudley, who in l *>:»:, was a lead
member of th<- British t'ri-ket Club
ikersti< Id.
A committee of the California Cricket :
■ ently waited upon Messrs.
ell .v Co. end obtained tht-ir consent
.. ir<! the prises lately offered by the
firm in whatever manner may seem best
to the association. The conditions upon I
which they will bo awarded will be <'■'--,
cussed at the next meeting of the asso
ciation, as will also the visit of the !,.>■=
Angeles team, and the proposal of the
Lake County dubs to receive an eleven of]
cricketers from the city.
,\ri!'".:itc the most interesting matches of!
last season were the two played betw< en
All Comers and Hanks and insurance I
.%;■ i:. th< i:is: n^'.trh. played at A.1.1
--rni da on July 24. the latter were victo
rious, hut in the return match, played on
August -i at Golden Gate, All ii)in? r s '
made a score of 304 runs for 7 wickets,
and won by n* runs, with three wickets
to spare. To-morrow the banks and in
suranci representatives will be chosen'
from the following:; G. J. Theobald, J.
J Moriarty, C. Simmonds, J, Myers. Y.
Sewell \V. *;. Fortraan, F. C. Driffield, |
0 «' I'.urtll H. Ward, W. G. Bel wood,
<■' P. Colefl and J. D. Robertson. The.
All Comers, team will be made up of:;
Arthur Dickenson. E. G. Sloman. G. J.
Baugh. F. .M. Ounn. G. Hellmann, V. Soc-
H Coles, O. J. Thomas. J. H. Raun
li. Bird and one other. O. J.
Thomas Is a new player who has i;i«-t
the Talifornia club. The teams ny
pear very equally matched in batting and
bowling "strength and a close game should
The match of the Australian team now
Visiting Knpland against Yorkshire was
left unfinished on account of heavy rain
after Yorkshire had scored S3 runs for 3
wickets. A scratch all-England team was .
THE SA:S FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 24, 1899.
defeated at Eastbourne by the handsome
margin of 172 runs, and on May 26 the
Australians, with a score of 2fi". defeated
Lancashire by an inning and 84 runs, V.
Trumpor scoring 83 runs for the winners.
On May 20 the Australians played against
Oxford University at Oxford and scored
The university team replied with a
score of 311, F. B. Champain. the raptain,
pliiyir.fr a splendid innings of 120. In their
second innings the Australians scored 360
run? for 4 wickets, and the match was
drawn. In the match England versus
Australia at Nottingham the Australians
scored 252 In ih»ir first innings and the
home team 193. C. P.. Fry. the old captain
of thr Oxford University eleven, being
the highest scorer. In the second innings
of the Australians one wicket fell for 93
runs. Thf Australian bowling is very dif
ficult and their butting sound and sure,
"hut tlu |i-am does not make runs rap
idly.
YACHTSMEN A-CRUISING GO.
The gathering of yachts in Oakland
Creek last Saturday and Sunday was one
of the largest that has been Been on the
bay for a long: time. All the yachts of
the California Club were moored in front
of the house, and the invitation of Com
modore A. M. Clay to the sister clubs was
accepted by Beven yachts and on< launch
from the San Franciscos, and by Beven
teen yachts fr^m the Corinthians. The
visitors received a hearty welcome.
This evening at C o'clock Commodore T.
L. Hill, accompanied by several of the
Sui Francisco yachtsmen, will start on a
moonlight cruis- to Pc-tahtma. Creek, an
choring fur the night near the dra.w
brldge. To-morrow the yachts will sail
or be towed out of tin creek, and will
anchor <>ff El Campo to witness the row
[ng n.'-'-s to la- held there. During the
Independence <Jay holidays hoth the s.lis
Francisco and South Bay clubs will cruise
to Napa City. The San Franciscos will
get under way from Sausalito at 2 p. m.
; S iturday, July 1. and will anchor for
the night ai Vnllejo. At 6 a. m. nexr day
the fleet will sail or -be towed to Nana.
returning on July 3 to McXear's landing
..:;.] .•:; the Fourth to it.« moorings.
Commodore Allen M. ("lay of the Cali
fornias will divide his holidays this year
into two parts, taking: one week now and
a second week toward the end of July.
The Californias start to-day on their an-
mis-- i;j> t>>^ Sacramento Ri\-f-r. The;
flagship Pactolus will probably be accom
-..■ inied by E. N. Walter's sloop Erabla \
R. \\'iisi.:,'s yawl Pilgrim, h. Brydges'
" ; '■!■ Kop< and perhaps also !■>• E. C and
1- P. Oale's sioop ;-;, - r , : .,| \-j, ;e com
modore A. C. Lee's sloop Surprise. H L
- sloop Surf and C. A. Tarnberg's
yaw! Vega i formerly Verona) will sail to
morrow into the upticr bay to wi ness ■■
•ta. Toward the cl(
Jtil>- Commodore Allen M. Clay, accom
panied by R. L. Eam>?s, prop ises ;•> itji*.
•■■ I■; ikes Bay— a thn •■ or four days' trip
Captain E. C. (.-lark-.- yawl Gypsle has
recently returned from a week's cruise
I the bay.
The Corinthians have a long cruise
schediil< d for the Fo irih of July holidays
Starting on Saturday, July l. the fleet wili :
anchor at DHlons Point, near PenUia
that night, and will sail the next day
up to Su'sun. On the 3d the yachts will
mak. \ ail. jo. and on the 4th will return
to McNears Landing and Tiburon The
tides are very favorable for the crul-^
and most of th<^ fleet will tak.> it. At
M.Arars the yachts will join the annual I
of the Pacific Interclub Yacht As
sociation. '
AMONG THE DOG FANCIERS.
The Pacific Mastiff Club held it? annual |
meeting on Thursday last at the Ph^
lan building, Dr. F. \V. d' Evelyn in the
'hair. The secretary's report Bhowed
that the dub was making satisfactory
progress, and that much had been done to
fostei the interests of the breed. One of
the members of the club has imported
from England a live months' old doc
j out >of the two leading prize win
i.' ra of the year. This puppy is expected
to develop Into a sensation and will un
doubtedly do much to improve the mas
tiff .-train <>n the const.
The treasurer's repori was equally sat-;
Isfactory .-md showed a comfortable bal
ance in the bank aft.-r paying for tho
medals and trophies offered for comp<-ti
tion at the recent show.
Th>- following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: Dr. Fred \v. d'Evelyn
president; C. A. Bpreckels. vice president;
.1. I. N'ormai!. secretary-treasurer; di
rectors—Dr. F. W. d'Evelyn, C \
Bpreckels, Duncan H. Murray W H
Pi.'k and J. P. Norman. Seabury H.
Mastick of New York was elected dolt
pate to the American Kennel f'luh and '
I>rs. F. "U\ S. Kaife and K. O. Steers were
appointed veterinary officers,
A vote of thanks was passed to th" '
American Mastiff Club for the latl
liberality In offering its splendid trophies
for competition at th<- late show. It was
resolved to increase the value of tha
prizes to be offered at the next show and
place specials at all Pacific Coast shows
held under American Kennel Club rul< s
The Pacific advisory committee of the
American Kennel Club will hold a meet
ing ;ii the Occidental Hotel or. Tuesday
next Several appeals are on the dockets
for consideration.
The newly reorganized Pacific Foxter
rier Club has opened a sweepstake for de
cision next year. Intending competitors
should s.-nd in their nominations r>£
bitches bred a? hood as possible to J v
Martin. New City Hall.
The noted Boston terrier. Oakside Bes
sie, has been bred to the Oakside X.-i -
nel'a latest acquisition, Oakslde Tremont
The "nick " should be splendid specimens
of the breed.
Rail-way Excursion To-Morrow.
The railway men are looking forward
with much pleasure to their cominir ex
cursion and picnic at Sunset Park to
morrow, and it is needless to say thit
they propose to give their friends the best
kind of a time. The boat will leave iv
ferry at 8:45 o'clock a. m. and, retuniinu
will leave Sunset i'ark at 5:30 o'clock in
the afternoon. Tickets are good for in
termediate points on both the inroad and
narrow-gauge roads.
Her I over Gone to Mexico.
May Wilson, a young woman living at
4<">2 Golden Gate avenue, was taken to the
Receiving Hospital early yesterday morn
ing because her friends thought she had
taKt-n poison, as her lover. Ben Bos<iui
had gone to Mexico. Dr. Tormey exam
ined her. but could find no traces of poi
son, and diagnosed the case as one of
hysteria. She was able to leave the hos
pital a few hours later.
WALCOTT GETS
THE DECISION
OVER CREEDON
Twenty Hard Fought
Rounds.
COLORED MAN AGGRESSIVE
ADVANTAGE IS ALL HIS AFTER
THE SEVENTH.
Australian Fights a Desperate Battle,
But His Blows Fail to Jar
the Barbadoes
Wonder.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June 23.— Joseph Wal
| cott, the colored welter-weipht box.^r,
was piven the decision over Dan Cree
don, th" Australian midille-wetKht. at
i the end of a hard-fought twenty-round
, bout before the New Broadway Ath
letic Club to-night. "Johnny" White
was th^ referee.
In the opening round Creedon led a
, straight left, landing on the head, and
j sent his left back to the body. Walcott
: hooked his left to the chin. A ri^ht from
Walcott put Dan's eye in mourning be
fore the bell rang.
Walcott opened the second with a left
' hook to the eye. Dan shooting his right
to the body, following with a short left
to the face. Walcott sent a left hook to
the jaw and a risrht to the body, keep
ing Dan moving around the rins".
Waicott canit- out strong in the third
: and drove his left straight to the
mouth, but was blocked cleverly when
jhe tried his right for the body. Wal
; cott kept pummeling his opponent rap
j idly, receiving occasional counters
which did not seem to have any effect
upon him.
Jn the sixth r>>und a left smash from
Wa'.t tt sent the blood spurting from,
lon's right eye, and after Dan re
ceived a right and left on the body he
lookei very tired. He came up i:; the
next roun«l If -king strong, having evi
dently fully recuperated. Walcott sert
a succession of left jabs to Dan s face,
I much to Creedon's discomfiture, and
I from this round to the finish Walcott
had it all his own way.
Dan made a wonderful rally in the
fifteenth, sending his right over three
times t'i the negro's head. In the sev-
I enteenth Walcott slipped to his knee
:in a rush. Walcott was on his feet in
j a second, however, and both men
1 laughed.
The nineteenth round found Walcott
forcing Dan all over thn ring with
lefts to the body and rights to the
i head. Dan fought back desperately,
j but hi? blows lacked steam. When
' they shook hands for the wind-up Wal
cott rushed and tried hard to land a
decisive blow, but Creedon managed to
•'. Ide him cleverly. When the gong
ended the bom the negro turned and
shook hands with Creedon and Lavigne.
Referee White gave the decision to
Walcott.
JOCKEY HARRIS INJURED.
Btlzara and True Light Fall in a
Race at Latonia.
j CINCINNATI. Juno 23.— the two
i mile race at Latonia to-day' Belzara and
! True Light fell at the head of the stretch.
, \V. Harris, Uelzara's rider, was badly
hurt, while Landry, who rode True Light,
I escaped Injury. True Light will not be
tit to rcce again. Weather pleasant;
i track fast. Results:
i Six furlongs, selling— Jessie Jarboe won,
I Norma Taylor second. Terrene third. Time,
1:15%:
! Five furlongs Lady Elite wen, Villa V .sec
ond. Settle Regent third. Time, 1:02.
: One mile, selling— Dutch Comedian won.
Trimmer .--econd, Violet Parsons third. Time,
1:41.
' Six furlongs, selling— Rotha won, Periwig
second. Bertha Nell third. Time, 1:14%.
i Two mil - se'litiK— Barton won. Prosecutor
E^cnnd, Jactiuf-s thirti. Time, 3:31.
Five furlongs— Kins Delis ■• ■!, Dissolute
I second, B idd third. Time, 1:02%.
!
ST. LOUIS, June 23.— track at the
! fair grounds was lightning fast to-day.
Results:
six furlongs, selling— Man' won, Oas
ton second, Black and Tan third. Time, 1:13.
Five furlongs for two-year-old Miles — Elbe
: won Bit of Fashion second, Alice Turner third.
Time. I ' 2%.
Mile and a sixteenth, Belling— won,
' Colonel Cassidy second, Forbush third. Time,
1:49%;
Six" and a half furlongs, ' handicap— Loving
Cup won, Fireside second. Alleviate third.
Six 'furlongs", selling:— W. B. Gates won, Sil
ver Set second; imp. King Gold third. Time,
Five furlongs, maiden two-year-olds— John
Halsey won, Dinornis second, Silent Friend
third. Time, 1:03. . ' • ........
CHICAGO, June Weather at Haw
thorne fair; track fast. Results:
One mile— Tula ne won. Title second, Defender
II third. Time, 1:42V4-
Five furlongs, selling— ln Debt won, Mitten
si eond Azuz third. Time, l • r-,.
One Tenby won. Serrano second, Afa
mada third. Time, i:89J4. :
Mile and a sixteenth, Felling— won,
Henry I>aunt second. Wood Ranger third.
Time, 1.47 -.
- en furlongs, selling— rat Garrett won.
Rose Arple second, Cheval dOr third. Time,
1:27*4,. Antiquary finished first, but was dis
quallfled. '
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Larda won. The
Winner second, Possum third. Time, 1:46%.
-•- -
"DOC" PAYNE KNOCKS
OUT PATSY CORRIGAN
San Franciscan Beaten in a Mill Re-
markable Only for Foul
Fighting.
DENVER, June 23.— At the Denver
Wheel Club to-night "Dor" Payne, who
hails from Cleveland, Ohio, and is the
sparring partner of "KM" McCoy, put out
Patsy Corrigan of San Francisco in the
sixth round of what was scheduled to
have be< n a twenty-round fight. It was
a slugging match throughout and was de
void of anything approaching science.
Corrigan adopted rushing tactics from the
start! am', in the ' >M ; siiins between the
men frequently both fell to the flour. In
the fourth round Payne threw Corrigan
through the rop<'s.
Payne was somewhat unruly when cau
tioned by the referee against striking his
opponent low and hitting in the clinches,
which he -lid frequently, and during the
second round would have struck Corri
gan while the latter lay prostrate on the
mat had not the referee wrestled with
him and pulled him away. In the third
round Payne fought the referee, who
tried in vain to separate the fighters.
"Jack" Grace acted as referee. "Kid"
Mi '".>>• sat back of Payne and coached
him between the rounds.
"Tommy" White sparred J. McNearney,
the New York newsboy, four exhibition
rounds in the preliminaries, which was
followed with a four-round go between
"Danny" McFadden of San Francisco and
"Young Ccrhett." feather-weight cham
pion of Colorado. "Young Corbett" had
trn pounds the better of it In weight, hut
McFadden made it interesting for him,
nevertheless, and in the opinion of the
spectators had decidedly the better of the
last round, landing on Corbetfa face and
body with ease. This bout was scientific
and rapid and prepared the crowd for the
disappointment they were to receive from
the character of the main event.
Leon and Forbes Draw.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 23.— The battle,
to-night for the so-called bantam-weight
championship of the world, between Cas
par Leon of New York ar.d Clarence
Forbes of Chicago, before the West tlnd
Athletic Club, resulted in a draw. The
boys fought twelve fast rounds, but
neither was able to secure a decided ad
vantage.
ORPHANS GIVE THE
SUPERBAS A CHECK
!
• Callalian- s Wildness Alone Saves the
•>, Eastern Aggregation From a
\'\j Shut-Out. ■■•■■,"'
: ' NATIONAL LEAGUE , STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ; Club?— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn . ...4» 13 .772 Xew Y0rk. ..26 31 .458
■g° s , ton 37 19 .6b! Cincinnati ..25 30 .I.'i "
Philadelphia M 21 .6!S I'ittsburß ...24 30 .414 '
It. Louis 24 a .51.6 Unilsvtlie ...IS 38 .316
Ulcago :,i 2J .550 Washington IS 40 .310 '
Baltimore ...32 23 .582 Cleveland ... ? 4;, .173
CHICAGO, June Brooklyn and Chicago •
met lor the first game to-day and the leaders
were defeated in a close same. But for Calla
han's wildness the Superbaa would have been ■
! *hut out, both of their runs being gifts, Dahlen
| received a warm welcome and was presented
with a fine diamond, a pair of diamond buttons
and several elegant lioral pieces. Attendance,
6700. Score:
Clubs- n . 11. i:
: <-" lca f° 3 S I
! Brooklyn 2 9 3
Catteries— Callahan an.l Donahue; Dunn and
Farrell. empires— Gaftney and Manaasau.
CINCINNATI. June 23.— The Reds drove Kit
son off the slab in the fourth inning, when they
scored enough runs to win. Hall, who followed,
did well, but the Orioles found Halm a puzzle
after the third inning. Attendance, 1008. Score:
Clubs— r. h. E.
Cincinnati 3 - 13 2
Baltimore 3 $ 3
Batteries— Hahn. and Pelt?.; Kitson. Hill and
Robinson. Umpires— and McGarr.
LOUISVILLE, June —The Senators were
defeated to-day in an Interesting; pome, both
pitchers being given good support. While
Louisville bunched hits on Mercer, Howling ;
kept his hits well scattered. George Decker,
late of Louisville, was signed by Manager Irwln
I to replace Pete Casslday at first, the latter be
ing sold to the Providence, R. 1., club. Score:
, Clubs-' R . h. E. i
Louisville s 15 3
Washington 3 -10 l
Batteries— Dowllng and Powers: Mercer and
Butler. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
PITTSRURG. June 23.— Pittsburg could not
! hit and Boston could. O'Brien was put out of j
| the same for talking back to Connolly. In the J
I sixth inning, with Duffy on third. Frisbee had I
two strike? - when he was relieved by Stafford !
i who made a nice hit, scoring Duffy. Attend- I
; ance, ISO 1 ). Score:
Clubs— r. h. 1:
Pittsburg 2 S 4
Boston 4 12 3
Batteries— and Bowerman; Lewis i
and Bergen. - Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
ST. LOUIS, June 23.— The. hard-hitting Quak- i
ers gave an exhibition of their slugging ability j
day and had no trouble winning. Lajoie, !
i iii k and Lauder ' hammered Powell all over I
j the lot. Lave Cross was the only Perfecto who I
could touch Piatt. Attendance, 23C0. Score: ;
' Club?— R. H. E. !
St. Louis 4 9 1
Philadelphia 9 .14 0
Batteries— Powell and Criger: Piatt and
Douglass. Umpires— Emslie and McDonald.
I CLEVELAND, June 23.— Bates was wild to- I
lay and the New York Club had but little }
trouble with him. The Misfits played a trifle
: better than usual, but could not play gooJ
enough to win. Attendance, 100. Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Cleveland 2 S 2
New York $ 13 1
Batteries— and SchrecenKorst: Doheny j
; and Warner. Umpire*— Smith and Andrews. ]
CALIFORNIA WOMAN
MAY BE TENNIS QUEEN
Miss Marian Jones of Pasadena Un
beaten in the Championship
Tournament.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.. June 23.—To
day's play in the lawn tennis tournament
for the woman's championship of the
United States at Wissahickon Heights re
sult.-d as follows:
Singles — Semi-finals: Misa Maud
Banks, Philadelphia Cricket Club de
feated Mrs. C. B. Neeley, Kenwood
Cricket Club, Chicago, 6—3, 4—6 6— l
Miss Marian Jones of Pasadena Cal
defeated Mrs. J. W. Craven. Kenwood
Cricket Club. Chicago. 6—l 6—o
Mixed doubles— Final: Misa E. J. Ras
tall and A. L. Hosklns, Belmont
Cricket Club, Philadelphia. played Mrs.
J. \\ . Craven and j. P. Gardener, Ken
wood Cricket Club, Chicago. 4 — I>,
6-4 (unfinished).,
The last game of the first round of con-
Bolation singles, part of which was
played yesterday, resulted:
Miss R. H. Lycett, Merion Cricket
Club, Philadelphia. defeated Miss
Helen Huey, Keimont Cricket Club,
Philadelphia, 6—2, 6—l.
Semi-final consolation singles— Miss
E. J. Rastall, Philadelphia, defeated
Miss Ethel Steel, Philadelphia, 6—l,
7 — .">.
Miss D. 11. Rastall, Philadelphia, de
feated Miss E. J. Rastall. Belmont
Cricket Club, Philadelphia, •> — i, 6—2.
DENVER RESULTS.
Venus II Wins the 2:27 Trotting
Race in Straight Heats.
DENVER, June 23.— The 2:27 trot at
Overland Park was a present to Venus
11, who won in straight heats. In the 2:12
pace E. S. was an easy winner, though
a break tost him the first heat. In the
running races Mocorito and Rags aston
ished their admirers by winning. The
betting on the former was 4 to 1 and on
the latter 7 to 1. Minyon was an even
money favorite:
Trotting— Venus II won In three strnicht
heats. Timi*. 2:21";. 2:1!%, -::V.'\. Evalina
Tpllt ami M>witz.i al«n started.
. Faeir.R— E .- won second,' third and fourth
heats and race. Time, 2:1?K, 2:11' 4 , ■ 2:13.,.
Jennie Me took ' first heat in 2:12.. Ophelia
Bill Nye. Jim Dlckfon, You Bet," Reward S
and Ruscie Clay also started.
Four and a half Curlonga — won, Rix
(Yrd second Bill Mayham third. Time, :36H.
Theresa and Myrtle Oebauer also ran.
Five and a half furlongs— Mocorlto won, I
Don't Know second, I^a Fontera third. Time
1:0.1',.. May Beach, The Light and Mountain
Queen also ran.
Five and a half furlongs— Raps won, Enctno
second, 11 Q Ban third. Time, 1:07%. Outlay,
<>rpu.«ji. Commercial Traveler. Blue Bell and
Naoma T> also ran.
Sis furlongs — Juva won, Ferryman It sec
ond. Llbretta third. Time. 1:16%. Ivy Bloom,
Xapian and Stromo also ran.
Fast Journey Awheel.
WOODLAND, June 23.— Professors Ar
thur and Sidney Bistort of Berkeley ar
rived In Woodland on Thursday night at *
11 o'clock, having made the distance on
th"ir wheels in eight hours of actual run
ning time.
Alden Brothers. Beaten.
LONDON. June 23.— 1n the lawn-tennis
championship games at Wimbledon to
day Ilobart and Nesbit defeated the Al
d<ii brothers in the se< ond round of the
doubles, three sits to love.
Want Rapid Transit.
Tho North Beach Improvement Club
perfected a p'— nanent organization at
Washington-square Hall last n ight by
electing the following officers: L. A.
Rea. prtsident; John Staude, vice presi
dent^ G. Posta. treasurer; George See
kamp. recording secretary; George \V.
Duff, financial secretary: I. Shunansky
nnd F. Auregi, executive committee.
The following resolution offered by M. J.
Fontana was unanimolsly adopted:
"Resolved, That we, the residents cf the
northern part of the city, in meeting as
sembled, do most respectfully but earnest
ly protest against the delay in passing the
necessary orders granting the Market-
Btreet Railway Company certain privi
leges in order to build an electric road
on Montgomery ar.d Sansome streets.
"Resolved, That we respectfully but
earnestly demand the Board of Supervis
ors to pass without any further delay the
orders and resolutions required for the
purpose above mentioned, and thus give
the northern part of the city some of the
advantages of rapid transit which are
now enjoyed by the more favored south
ern district of San Francisco."
Working for Commercial Treaty.
Special Cable to The Call end the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1593, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, June 23.— United
States Minister Buchanan continues ne
gotiations for a commercial treaty be
tween the United States and Argentina.
He hopes it will be concluded in time for
his journey to the United States, which
he will undertake on July 7.
SLOSH TO RIDE
TO THE END OF
THE SEASON
False Rumors of His
Retirement.
TALKS OF ASCOT INCIDENT
WAITER WAS DETERMINED TO
CAUSE TROUBLE.
Deliberately Upset the Table at Which
the Jockey Sat and Was
Knocked Down for His
Pains.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ■ 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, June 23.— For the last two or
three days report has been going about
in sporting circles to the effect that Tod
Sloan had decided to give up racing on
this side for the remainder of the season.
The reason given was that it was due to
the row with a waiter at Ascot.
A Herald correspondent saw the Ameri
can jockey to-day. lie said there was" no
truth whatever in the story, and that he
intended to carry out all his racing en
gagements. He then gave his version of
the entire affair, which differs materially
freni most of the stories printed.
"After the last race at Ascot on Cup
day, while 1 was waiting for a friend to
accompany me home, another friend and
1 took a Beat at a ta.ble on the lawn and 4
ordered a small botue of champagne.
"i had not been feeling very well, and
thought that the wine would do me good.
It was absolutely the first drink of wine
or spirits that I had taken In more than
a week. The waiter who served the drink
after leaving the table went and spoke to
another waiter, a man named Winter
born, who was serving the tables near
ours. This man made some remarks
about an American jockey, to which we
paid no attention. To serve his tables he
should have followed the path which ran
back of our table. Instead of that the
next time he passed he crowded in front
of our table and bumped' against us.
"1 grabbed hold of him, but said noth
ing. He then in a few minutes returned
and again bumped into our table. Tnis
time I told him to take care. He mut
tered something and went off a third time.
"As he approached again I said to my
friend, 'This man intends to upset our
v table.' Sure enough, as he got in front
of us he suddenly turned around, placinf
his back to us, and before we could catch
the table he bad upset it and the contents
on our laps. I seized a bottle as it fell
and in the' anger of the moment struck
the man back-handed. The bottle hit him
in the face, but the blow was not at all
severe, and I was surprised to see blood
flow. The bottle was not broken.
"A friend of mine, who afterward saw
Winterborn, found him sitting up in bed
and apparently very little the worse for
the blow, notwithstanding all stories that
have been printed about his being in a
serious condition."
FITZSIMMONS SAYS
HE WILL FIGHT AGAIN
Ex-Champion to Meet "Kid" McCoy
for the Middleweight
Championship.
NEW YORK, June 23.— Ex-Champion |
"Bob" Fitzsimmons says he will soon
fight again. In all likelihood his next !
opponent will be "Kid" McCoy. Dur
ing the past few days several offers
have been made by different clubs for
the match, the Colorado Athletic Club
being the principal bidder, with a purse j
of $20,000. Martin Julian is not inclined j
to go so far West, for he thinks the j
Coney Island Club will give more money I
than the Denver organization is ready !
to 'lunate. Fitzsimmuns Fays he would '
rather box in the East, as he is anxious
to give the sports who lost money on
him when he fought Jeffries a chance
to get even. Julian said to-night:
"Arrangements are under way to
bring about a fight between McCoy and
Fitzsimmons to decide the middle
weight championship. I have received
assurances from the Coney Island
Sporting Club that that organization :
will go as high as any other club and j
the chances are that the mill will b>»
settled there some time in September." :
McCoy is now in Denver and has
been communicated with. He says he
is ready to fight "Lanky Bob" and will •
tackle him after his battle with Joe j
Choynski, which is to be pulled off in
; Denver on July 2S.
Julian said under no circumstances
would Fiizsimmons agree to meet Tom
Sharkey at the Lenox Athletic Club or
anywhere else. He declares both the \
saih>r and his manager have "roasted" ;
Fitzsimmons all over the country, and ;
that Fitzsimmons will not give them a
chance to make money at his expense.
Fitzsimmons will make his first ap
pearance in the ring since his defeat by
: Jeffries at the Coney Island Club on
next Monday night. He will spar four
I rounds with "Yank" Kenny previous
to the twenty-five-round go between
"Mysterious Billy" Smith and Charlie
McKeever.
ON THE TENNIS COURTS.
The California Tennis Club was the
scene of some good tennis during the
week. ' For the first time in many months
the Whitneys and the Hardys met on op
posite sides of the net. George Whitney,
the best that the local club can offer, and
Sunnier Hardy, the present coast cham
pion, played singles. Whitney literally
dragged Hardy over the ground. The first
set was 6-0 in Whitney's favor. When the
second set reached the stage of 3-0 in fa
vor of the local crack the men called it
off, and the Whitney brothers and the
Hardys then played doubles. The Oak
landers were the victors in this march,
score 6-4, 6-4.
An English player with a reputation
strolled on to the courts during the week.
When he gave the i.ame of Lawford the
local men were ready to fall at his feet
He Is not the great Lawford, however,
merely a cousin. George Whitney was se
lected to meet this visiting expert. One
set satisfied the California Club men that
Whitney is ■ superloi man with the
racket," for he defeated the Englishman
i:: a six love game. •
Miss E. Chesebrough beat Miss R. Fos
ter, 1-8, 7-5, M. Mlswes Clark. Hall and
Foster were at San KaraH during the
week and played a round robin there, di
viding the honors.
When the Pacific States Lawn Ten
nis Association first announced the
championship tournament in singles,
which will be played on the San
Rafael courts on July 1. a large
number of players came forward
and signified their intention to enter the
lists. Since that time there Ikis been a
change in the condition of things, which,
unless they are remedied during the com
ing week, will produce a tournament in
which there will be but few entries and
uninteresting contests.
The full list to date, and that covers
about all who will piay. is as follows:
Alameda— Murdock and. Hunt: California
—Harry Weih. Grant Smith. George B:ad-
Bhaw, Dr. Root, Barclay Henley, M«rle
Johnson. J. M. Cote; Oakland— Snm
Hardy. Earl Stone. Paul Selby. Dibcrt
and Brown; Dr. Phillip:; ofßcno will be a
party in the tournament as 1n former
years. George Whitney is as yet unde
cided whether he will play or not. If the
proper persuasion is brought to bear
Whitney will enter and contest Sam Har
dy's right to the championship. The win
ner of the all-comers will have to meet
Sumner Hardy, the present champion, If
George Whitney does not enter the cup
will go to the Hardy family for a cer
tainty.
Sunday Handball Games.
A game on a friendly basis between Phil
Ryan, proprietor of the San Francisco
handball court at 858 Howard street, and
Mr. Shtehan, proprietor of the San Mateo
court. has been arranged for the
near future. The play will be commenced
at the San Mateo court one week from
next Sunday and will be continued at the
Howard-street- court on the following
Sunday, alternating in this manner until
five games are played. The winner, who
must win thrt-p put of five, will have all
his expenses paid for himself and scorer
at the cost of the loser. The entries for
next Sunday at Ryan's are:
T. Foiey ana J. Klrby vs. M. Kirby and D.
D. Rogers ar.d M. McNeil VB. <:. McDonald
and M. Mi
W. H. Sieberst and D. J. Sheehan vs. E. Mc
-I>. imusli and K. Lynch.
i A. WMteman and J. Glynn vs. E. White and
R. IleKli
.1. C«liln& and E. Curley vs. J. White and
M. Maguire.
E.. Matoaey and J. Riordan vs. J. Harlow
nnd BT Toy.
M. J. Kilgallon and R. Linchan vs. A.
: Hampton and T. F. Bonnet.
POOR LO ENGAGES
IN A WAR OF CREEDS
Efforts of Evangelists of Several
Denominations Have a Sur
prising Result.
VANcnrvER, June 23.— News of a
battle resulting from a clash of creeds
among the Indians at Port Essington
was received here to-night by the
steamer Princess Louise. That vessel
passed Essington on Saturday night,
and just at that time the light took
j place. A hnlf dozt-n Indians were in
jured, though nut very seriously.
Over 1000 Indians have lately been
encamped ne;:r P^rt Essington. They
I were salmon fishing at the opening of
the season, but went on a strike. The
Salvation Army thought them fit sub
jects for revival services and started
; in with some gospel meetings on the
hill buck >>f the village. Then a Metho
dist minister, realizing what chances
were being lost, started a camp meet
: ing and with the aid of the Eniscopal
; ian clergyman, who took the opposite
| hill, they made quite a mountain of
I song.
Last Saturday the fever of religious
fervor was burning at its highest, and,
as the steamer hove into sight, the In
; dians all decided to show to their white
j friends the results of their awakening.
1 They started for the wharf by trails
j that converged at one point.
The Indians met above th^ wharf,
v . !; re the trail was so narrow as hardly
to let one party pass at a time. A mix
!up followed, and although no worse
: weapons than fists and cluhs were used
i some of the reds were badly cut up.
; r:;."-d flowed freely and thp injured Tn
i dians came down to the steamer for
I medicine. The fighters were finally
| separated by the missionaries, who
: were the most surprised of all at what
! had occurred.
MISER SEEKS HOME
AT A COUNTY HOSPITAL
Search of His Clothing Reveals the
Existence of a Bank Account
in His Name.
SAX ANDREAS, June 23.— Prosper
Blanchard, an old resident of Brandy
Flat, was admitted to the county hospital
on April 3 of this yeat\ Blanchard is 72
years of age and when admitted was. a
dirty, shabbily dressed creature. Super
intendent Burgess, having: heard rumors
to the effect that hi.- pauper had consid
erable money in the bank, concluded it
was his duty to Investigate.
Yesterday morning Burgess instructed
the nurse to give Blanchard a bath and
report t«' him when the man was in the
water. The Instructions were carried out,
and the superintendent entered the room,
ostensibly to see if the patient needed
anything in the way of clothing. Burgess
says that after looking the man's clothes
over he concluded that if the old chap
needed anything he could buy it himself.
The clothes contained $20 2.". in cash and a
statement rendered by the French Sav
i ings and Loan Society, showing a bal
i ance due Blanchard on May 2, 1*99. of
(846 43.
In compliance with the rules and regu
lations of the county hospital Burgess
1 kept $20 for the county, giving the miser
the remaining 25 cents in coin. The rules
do not allow the superintendent to con
fiscate all the money a patient may have
on his person. He has a copy of the bank
1 statement filed away for any future use.
Blanchard was discharged immediat3ly
and is probably preaching poverty among
his neighbors.
TO WED AT BRUSSELS.
Faust Moncheur Will Marry a
Daughter of Colonel Capehart.
Special fable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 18W, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BRUSSELS. June 23.— Faust Moncheur,
a native of San Francisco, and Miss Clyve
Capehart, daughter of Colonel Capehart
of the First Virginia Cavalry Volunteers.
are to be married at Ten Xootle. 01
the principal suburbs of the Belgian capi
tal, to-morrow.
The Newark Nearing Valparaiso.
Special Cable to The '"all and th« New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
VALPARAISO, June 23.— The cruiser
Newark left Ancud on Wednesday after
noon after coaling. It is expected at this
port to-morrow. A strong northerly gale
arid heavy rain prevailed to-day. The city
iB inundated and much damage done.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUCCESS.
Advice to Men Who Are Ambitious to Succeed
in BusinesS ; Po 'itcs, War or
Social Life.
THE MAIN TRAVELED ROAD CLEARLY INDICATED,
The road to success is a difficult one
to travel. While a few hundred men,
comparatively speaking, tread triumph-
antly this mui'h-.s ught thoroughfare
its entire length, thousands only get
fairly started; millions never find it.
To reach the end of this highway one
should be well prepared for the jour-
ney. An average allowance of intellect,
sometimes known as "horse sense," is,
of course, necessary. Favorable cir-
■ umstances also lend valuable' assist-
ance, while courage is indispensable.
This latter, however, is seldom pos-
sessed without health and strength.
Vast armies of men annually fall by
the wayside because they are tortured
and worried by weakness or disease.
Such men can ever iind true and
valuable friends at the well-known and
reliable medical institution of Dr.
Meyers & Co. Reader, this may appeal
to you. Do not let Nervous Debility,
with all its attending horrors, dangers
and embarrassments get the u;>p«^r
hand. If your vital power is waning
or gone, if you have unnatural losses,
drains, etc.. confusion of id^as, pain in
the back, palpitation of the heart; or if
you are troubled with absent-minded,
ness, loss of flesh, poor appetite, sleep-
lessness, drowsiness after meals, bash-
fnlness, dizziness and any other symp-
toms of which victims of indiscretions,
excesses, overwork, worry, etc., are
well aware, you should heed suth warn-
ings. They are Nature's cry for medi-
cal assistance and will nut permit of
delay. «Men who defy fate must suffer
the disastrous consequences which are
sure to follow. Dr. Meyers & Co. mas-
ter these troubles quickly and perma-
nently nnd also cure contagious ail-
ments of any name or nature, no mat-
ter whether recently contracted or
chronic. They have become famous by
curing cases which were so < o;nplicated
that other physicians gave them up as
incurable.
Dr. Meyers it Co. make a specialty of
home cures. If you cannot call write
for private book, symptom blanks and
advice— all free.
Dr. Meyers & Co. are located at 731
Market St.. San Francisco. Cal; eleva-
tor entrance. These specialists never
publish testimonials except at the re-
quest or by the permission of the pa-
tient cured. All correspondence sacred-
ly confidential.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF Tin: MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
«ood shipping demand for Wheat,
Parley weak and dull.
Oats out of- first hands.
< orn and Rye dull.
I>nns and pec.]? quiet.
Dried Peas lower.
Potatoes rather rayv. Onions weak.
Putter an'! Cheese ii hanged.
Eggs weak and dull.
Poultry In £ ni "i supply.
Apricots and B.irtlett Pears advanced.
Fruit market firm and indifferently supplied.
Piled Fruit unchanged)
Provisions stand the same.
Wool -till firm and active.
Hides quiet and easy.
Meat market hanged.
Increased exports of Salmon.
Rice weaker.
EXPORTS OF SALMI
Exports of Salmon from this port during the
Hrrt five months of the year were 116,370 cases
and 4059 packages, valued at «4« ROO, against
H.^u cases and 4053 packages at J355.230 during
the fame time last year.
•WEATHER REPORT.
<120 th Meridian- Pacific Time.>
SAN FRANCISCO. June 23, 5 p. m.
Th» following maximum temperatures were
reported fre-pi stations in California to-day:
Eureka ... M San Diego B4
Fresno , 100 Sacramento S2
1 ->s Angelas 74 i Impendence .. po
Pod Bluff '■• 5 uma 104
Sin I^uls Obispo 72,
S?n Francisco dnta: Maximum temperature,
P 4 , minimum, hi. mean. 66.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather i? generally clear over the
Facinc sinp... excepting Washington and
Northern Arizona;
The pressure has lien quite rapidly over
the northern portion of the Pacific Slope. It
lias ris^n along the central coast of California.
The. temperature ins fallen over Western
Wafhingtnn and ''ret;. in and In the Sacramento
Vall?y. n has risen decidedly over the plateau
region.
Conditions are favorable for partly ploudy
weather in California Saturday. Cooler weather
will prevail in the upper portion of the Sac
ramento and San Joaquln valleys Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
lK'iirs ending midnight June 24:
Northern California Portly cloudy Saturday;
roller in the interior; brisk west winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday, except
cloudy .'ilong the coast: fresh west wind,
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
1 ti»li— Fair: warmer Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity- cloudy
Saturday; fog Saturday morning: brisk \ve?t
wind. ' a. H. WILLSON,
Lo>-al Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
TORK STOCK MAB
NEW YORK, June 23.— The market did not
extend beyond professional bounds at any time
to-,]ay, but the small active element among
the operators were disposed to rover out
standlng short [contrarts, and an a result prices
are generally higher In pome cases
notably f«->. The meeting of th*> di
rectors of the American St. el and Wire Copi
j;ir,y to settle the much discussed dispute as
to whether or not a dividend should be de
ilanj on the common stock was the central
event of interest. After ihe directors went
into session the market waited with eagerness
Hti.l expectancy for the result. Much bitterness
b;irf b^en caused among the contesting elements
over this, but the action of the stock when it
was finally announced that no dividend would
lie declared at present showed that the event
had been thoroughly discounted. The price
closed at the li!th.-~t of the day. ' l • points
above the lowest. The news did not conn- ut
until with half an hour of the close, and the
f;<rlier strength Of the market then reasserted
itself. The great improvement in th» sentiment
of foreicn stock markets was reflected at the
opening here, notably In Baltimore an. Ohio.
t!:-» Vanderbiltis, the grangers, the Pacifies,
Continental Tobacco and a number of other
specialties. Sugar, Tenn.rs.see Coal and Iron,
American Smelting and the distilling group
were centers of weakness at one time, but with
out general effect upon the market. Metropoli
tan Street Railway was up over 4 points at one
time, end Air Brake rose 14 points. Thi gams
in the railroads as i rule were very firmly
held. The announcement of t4.000.00Q in gold
for export to-morrow had no effect on the mar
ket, as the bears had circulated rumors ■ ester
day of a much larger amount, and the event
ha.l thus been discounted. London bought
stocks in this market to-dny. Another unfa
vorable bank i-tatement is expected to-morrow.
Tlic bond market war, only moderately active,
nr..] chances were mixed. Total sa'k-s, par
\alue, s«.h.>i,(K. : ".
led '■« In the
The total sales of stocks tn-day ■wore 523 3fi7 I
shares, including: American Steel 40 \nrj-
American Sugar, 61.800; Brooklyn Transit,"; 1.". - ,
l"*j; Burlington, C2GO; Continental Tobacco 26 -
TOO; Federal SteeJ, 12,400; .Manhattan, 5600; St
Paul, S7ou; American Tobacco, 1)300; Baltimore
and Ohio, 46H;; Haltini'ire ;in«l Ohio preferred 1
47nu: C. <■: C. and St. Louis, 5600; Metropolitan !
Street Railway, 5900: New York Central, 6100- I
St. Louis and Southwestern, 6400; Tennessee
Coal and Iron. 18.600; United States Rubber'
400".
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 17U St P & Otn 102%
I' 1 prefd • ■••". 1 Do prefd no
Baltimore & Ohio. 67 '.So Haihvay v>\
Canada Pacific S6%| Do prefd 4'j
Canada Southern."? 54»4 Texas *:• Pacific.:!! is I
central Paeinc.V.: 51 Union Pacific... :v,s.
Ches & Ohio 24", Do prerd 741J
Chi & Alton 150 Nor & \V prefd.tr: «»T
Chi l: & Q..... isih Wahash ?4
Chi & X 111 73% Do prefd ..... rt-,
Do prefd 122':.. W & L E (new) 8«4
<hi U W '.■' . Do 2d prefd 20\
Chi Ind & L ■ v-j Express Companies— |
Do prefd 39VAdams Ex.. .......110
Chi & N W 166^2 [American Ex 133 '
l»o prefd: l'.O i United States 4S'^
CiC C & Si L E6& Wells Fargo 12a''
Do prefd ;•: Miscellaneous-
Del & Hudson r-",. A Cot Oil 35U
Del L ,v v. 167 I Do , ■ .-,; ; . &1U
Don & Rio '• 21> 3 Am Spirits 6&
<■< prefd. 76 Mo prefd 30'
Erie (new) 124 Am T0bacc0....... Si"i
I>o Ist !-f fd VA . Do prefd 139
Ft Wayne IVi Cona Gas ISO
<■( Nor prefd .IG7 Com Cable Co! I * " '. 179
Glucose C,4 Col F & Iron . 13%
Illinois Central. ...li:\ Dr, prefd 1m-
Lake Krie & \\\... 16 <;en Electric... ....lie-, i
1 '•■ I ■"<'! ''■ i Haw Com Co no " i
Lake Shore 2"<i Federal Steel . sS'i !
Louis * Nash 67 Do prefd... BL"i J
Manhattan I- ;v:\ Intl Paper. 41 '
M"i St Ry 22S Do prefd ! 7914 1
Michigan Central. .ll.) Larlede Gas 53 "
Minn \- St I ;.4 Lead . .' " 29y
Do 2.1 prefd ....92 Do pj-erd.-rHiv!-r!lli? !
*}\ ., 1 ' a| -. !:il 'v: ; •- Brooklyn R T US j
Mobile & Ohio 3.U Nat Lin Oil . 3
Mo '•■■ ■• T lis t Pacific Mail . ... 471; I
~ r P° rr.'f.l 33 Fer,plp- R <-; as TAIfM
N .'central US 1 *- Pullman Pa!.... 15* !
Central 113*, Silver Certificates. 60«4 !
N V <: & St 1 13lj Standard r; & T... 7U
Do Ist prefd ..68 (Sugar isms
Do 2d prefd 30 ■ r, o prefd "1171*
Nor West 10 T C & Iron 63%
NoAmerCo 11V.U X Leather :,»;
No Pacific 4CV Do prefd em*
, 'J 1 ffv,- ".*i.U S Rubber 53%
Ontario t fc \\ 25*4 Do prefd us
Or R& N prefd.... 63 Western Union!!!! S3
Pacific Coast 37 ! Am S A- W 55
Do Ist prefd .. .'2 | Do j refd '" 96
D i 2d prefd . .Vi ;C r,nt Tobacco.7:™ 40*;
Plttsburg IR2 , r>o preM F 0
Reading -' National Steel.... 4314
Do Ist prTd 59H Do prefd " 89V
« a W 33 Colo Southern 6't
Do pr»fd ...... 7* I) O ]st preM 4, *
P.ork Island 112' i Do 2d nr'-fd IB
St Louis & S F.... 10 Anaconda .! l\%
Do prefd 7° Am s & R ; 351*
Do 2d prefd 3T. 1 Do prefd v>;"
Bt Loul a - \V... 12«4 Hoop Steel... " os*l
Do prefd. . # 3M4i Do pr«fd ; 7g
Ft Paul 126%; American Tin 345-:
D prefd 172 VDo prefd S5
So Pacific 3074
CLOSING BONDS
V B 2a reg I"'-., M X .v T Mb. wv;
Do 8a 108% Do 4r S3 t^
Do coup lOS^, N V Cent ls»s.. nv,
IS: 4s reg.T.M29'4 v :■ Cent pen ' - .122
Do coup ;.■'-. North Carolina 6s 127
U E old 4s reR....112i-ii Do Is 104 Vi
Do coup lI.P- .V P Ist! ....113"
U > 5s rep ..... 112' J. Do 3s f^!.,
Do coup '-i ; Do 4- 1.4-.
District 5.65 a 119 N V Chi &Pt L 48.117U
Ala class A Ufl : Nor & W rnn 4? <*4Vi
Do B 110 I Do Ken t"s 135
p.. Currency — 100 Or Nay lsts 114
Do C . ■ I"" j n n is io;;i.
Atch pen 4s ... 102H O P Line 6s 183
1 >■■ .-i !it 4s *vt»« Do ton Ba 114
Canada 80 — 111 Reading Gen 4p.. 9Mj
C & 0 *>;* «.". R G w Ist? 100%
Do 5a I»S SL£- 1 m Con in',
r & N Con 7s« 144 i. 4 < L'& S F c ;<ar. f.5.126'4
Do deb 5a 122 St P Con 170? i
Chicago Term .107 St 1" C A P 15t5..124
I) .<- R <; Ist? IM 1 ■.. Sa 123
Do 4s l"-'. l » Bo Ry fit mi;
R T v.-i & Oa 1st? J ! " ; .Standard R & 'i 6s 83 "
I'rie Gen 4s — 72V4]Tean new yet Bb.. RBV4
Ft W & D C lsts. M's Tex .<;- Pac 15t5....H4
rien Elec Sa 11? ' Do Ids S3
OII&8 A6a 112 IT P4a ins
Do 2ds 110 iWabash Ist? 117',^
II & T C 5s 113 Do Ids 1004
Do con 6a 112 West Shore 4s ....117
lowa Cent lsta ....113V4 Wis Cent lfts .... 77%
K<"P <£ O lsts... 3 Vn Centuries f,6
La new con 48....11M4 Do deferred ■■-,
L & N Uni 4.« . .. 9»Vi, Colo Bo 4s .■ -,■,
MINING STOCKS.
ChoHar 14/)ntario .....7 50
Crown Point -*2 '"> .lilr SS
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver 1 90
Could & Curry.... 50 Do i>r«fd 760
Hale & Norcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada CO
Homestake 80 00 Standard 2 2?.
Iron Silver 10 Union Con "2
Mexican 4". 1 Yellow Jacket 33
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do prefd 116
Call loans 304 Westingh Elec ... BO
Time loans :;.;4'. Do prefd «
Stocks— Bonds—
A T & ?! Fe 17<i Atrhlson 4s IT,
Do prefd ..-. 55 Mining Shares -
1 Amer Sugar 151 Adventure 10
. Bell Tel 343 Allouez Mir Co ... 8
I Boston <<- Albany. 239 Atlantic "2
Boston I 106 Boston & M0nt.... 33-)
Boston & Mail ' •-' Butte & Boston — 72
Chi Bur & '.' . . 131' 4 Calumet & Hecla.\79">
Ed Elec 111 200 i'• ntennlal ..... 32
Fltchburg pretd:r.H6VS Franklin i"''i
Gen Electric 117 Humboldt -'•-
I Fed Steel 5?-; Osceola v -
Do prefd 82'.j Parri tt 50? i
Mexican Cent I2Vi Quln I*s
Mich Tel 9S£ Santa Fe Copper.. 11
Old Colony 202 1 4 Tamarack 205
I Old Dominion 36vi Wlnona H
I X.'nion Pacific :> 7 ., Wolverine "V
--| Union Land 7 L'tah 4°^
| West End 93 i
LONDON FINANCIAL MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 23.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London linanc'al cablegram says:
The markets here had a good start I day on
th<» formation of the French Cabinet and free
I b<-ar closing but in the abs-enc. of. fresl buy
i Ing tie close was not the best. Tintos were
I 44% and 43'j; Anacondas, I" 1 * on New "> or*
! riff-Ms. Americans opened nearly ' ; above
I parity, but were neglected. They held strong,
I however, until the afternoon. when New \ork
bought New York Centra! and Northern Pa
ciflcs.
CLOSING.
LONDON, June 23 —Canadian Pacific, 991^;
North Pacific preferred, 77-N*; Tnion Pacific
I preferred' -• ; Atchison. 174; Grand Trunk.
! 7 7 t: money, l's Dei cent; bar silver, steady,
27 13-16.1 per ounce.
BERLIN STOCK MARKET.
BERLIN. June '' Th« formation of the
; French Cabinet and the firmness of th» London
market caused all-round advance on the Bourse
he! * to-day. L-.
BRADSTREET'S WEEKLY FINANCIAL
REVIEW.
NEW YORK. Juno Bradstreefs financial
review to-morrow will say: Irregularity, with
some exhibitions of positive weakness, tins been
I the feature of speculation for the last Fix
days. The stork market has been professional
; to an increasing extent and there was evi
dence that powerful lnflu< noes have been active
on the bear side. Liquidation in certain spe
cialties have been visible, though in some
stocks which were prominent in this connec
tion the selling seemed to be ■■'•■■■ unloading of
large blocks by people identified with th*
manipulation. ["here was also a display of
strength in certain parts of the list, as, for
instance, the Vanderbilt Ftocks which might
suggest an accumulation process, and other
groups, notably the anthracite coal sh?res,
were steady and apparently waiting for devel
opments. The short interest, though naturally
; much bigger than it was some weeks ago, be
| trays ■■• certain amount of nervousness and a
! decided readiness to cover at concessions, which
| prevented the declines from assuming a steady
or decided character and in many cases limited
them to small dimensions. It would seem that
I the public and the street are incline"! to sus
pend judgment as to whether prices are too
high or not until a more definite conclusion as
Ito the grain crop results can be drawn. Dis
cussion of the crop outlook was. however, less
present than it was a week ago, and among
the chief bearish factors have been the proba
bility of larger gold exports, which are de
scribed in another column, being increased
by the strength of both the Berlin and
London money" markets. It did not escape no
tice, however, but New York money lias been
quiet- and the interest rates continued com
paratively easy, even in the face of require
ments caused by the extremely large interest
I and dividend disbursements failing: duo on
■ July 1.
1 The uncertainty of the Kuropean outlook and
the somewhat critical state of affairs in South
Africa, with Its unfavorable bearing on the
London market, was not without effect, and
the foreign representatives aie in the main
sellers of stocks hen-, while favorable accounts
of the activity and sustained strength of the
i iron and steel trade seemed insufficient to
I interact the Impression of the market that
! ihe capitalization of steel industrials has more
i than discounted ail the possibilities in that
I connection.
I It was also noted that he industrials fur
-1 r.ished the weakest part of the list, the break
! in the tobacco stocks being a feature, while
: the proposed amalgamation of the several
f spirit corporations in the American Distilling
! Company with a capital of (125.000,000 had no
! result so far as the market was concerned;
other than a sharp decline In American spirit
manufacturing. The traction stocks and spe
cialties were • gular and weak at tlrr.ps,
though support was extended to them, and the
j action of a short interest seemed to result in
i covering and rail)
i Bonds have been active and the Investment
, demand already noticed has continued. In the
I early part of the v. ... new high record prices
I were made In a number of prime issues, but
I later u:i there wvro ■-' me fi-.ictiunal concessions.
BRADSTREET'S WEEKLY TRADE RE-
VIEW
NEW YORK, June 23.— Bradstreefa to-mor- j
row will say: Less than the average effect ;
of approaching midsummer Influence Is dis- ;
cernible in current trade reports. Prices, too.
show a strength unusual at this period, and
1 particularly In view of recent steady advances.
I This is notably manifest, of course, In the
Iron and steel Industry, where the tendency of
values is Still upward, though the advances
reported are not uniform at all markets, point
ing i" individual instances of business done
; at best possible prices. Where prompt de
livery can be guaranteed, fancy quotations are
' in many capes obtainable and testimony to the
scarcity ot supplies is universal. An unprece
dented weekly out) of coke is coincident with
i statements that the usual summer shutdown
. in Iron and its allied industries will be Ig-
I norrl and claims from Pittsburg or the pla,c
--1 ing oT . -. d breaking contracts for steel rails
for export to Russia, not, however, for lm- !
I mediate livery. Predictions of $20 for Besse
! mer ire well within bight of realization, and
i warnings of overdoing the situation are more
I numerous. Hopes of Improvement in the (
woolen goods industry have materialized in the;
active demand at leading markets lor the man
ufactured product, and simultaneously from
several markets come reports of abnormally
small stocks of light weight goods in dealers'
hands. Wool Is more active and linn In sym
pathy therewith, and Bales ar« larger, though
mostly on speculative account. A feature is
heavy sales of high grade domestic woola to
foreign buyers, but whether this wool will go
abroad depends upon next week's London sales.
Improved crop reports are responsible chiefly
lor lower quotations of products declining in
price this week. Wheat has been affected by
' glowing reports from spring wheat sections,
j but more especially by continued enormous de
j liveries of old crop supplies, pointing to the
' 166S spring wheat yield, and. therefore, the
i aggregate yield of the country, having been
I heavily underestimated. At the decline, how
j ever, good buying on export account has de
veloped. Cotton crop pros] have continued
to improve and the raw product is lower on
j the week, with a shading claimed also in
■ print cloths, although cotton goods, as a whole. 1
i are in an exceptionally strong position. Raw |
! sugar is lower on unanimous reports of im- |
! proving crop prospects the -■■■ rid over, but re- I
i fined sugar is in heavy domestic demand and
! firm. In industrial lines generally there Is
1 little more than the usual friction in wages,
the most serious disturbance being the Colo
rado smelting works' strike. The usual sum
mer shutdown of glass factories Is now com
plete. Railroad reports point to an exception-
I ally large traffic doing and earning reports con
-1 tlnue favorable, particularly in the Northwest,
I but passenger and freight rate cuts are In
creaßlng. Lumber retains all of its early ac
tivity and strength.
Wheat, Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 3.765.719 bushels, against 2,T&i»,
--471 last week, 3,799,470 in the corresponding
1 week of 1898; 2,156.246 In 1897; 2,837,631 In IS9«,
and 1.946,402 in 1895. Since July 1 this season
I the exports of wheat aggregate 221,769,672 bush
els, against 279.073, bushels last year.
Business failures probably reflect semi-annual
settlements, numbering for the week 199, as j
against 150 last week; 220 in this week a year
ago; 213 In ISH7; 21S in 1596, and 213 in 1833.
Business failures in the Dominion of Canada
for the week number 19, against 25 last week; ;
19 in thie week a year ago; 17 in 1&97; 13 in
ISS6, and 2S In 189 a.
DUN'S WEEKLY REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. June 23. R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow;
The outgo "I more gold this week. $1,000,000 ro
\ far reported, makes it clear that Europe la in
1 need. The French Ministerial crisis has been
grave and prolong d, the collapse of German
speculation in Industrial stocks threatens some
trouble, but perhaps the South African un
certainty rauses most disturbance: Whatever
i the case. Europe needs money and cannot
claim Its own from the west this year, but
: must borrow. Exchange and trade balances
show that this .count! is not called upon to
pay, but the money is worth more to lenders
abroad than it Is here. Home finances are
most satisfactory. Revenues tall behind expen
ditures for the fiscal year less than JIOO.GOO.iM
and hut for $230,000,000 war expenses, Including
payment for the Philippine debts and for Cv
i ban soldiers, the revenue exclusive of that
from the war taxes exceeds ordinary expenses.
Trade balances, in spite of export* from New '
York of IS per cent less than last year's and '
imports 26 per cent greater, still promise a i
large excess of exports fcr June. Nor Is there
j any substance In the idea that large foreign '
I sales of securities are moving gold. The best i
i evidence attainable shows that In January and 1
j February about $8,250,000 worth of securities
I came to thte Bide nnd since February not more
j than 000,000 in excess of shipments, In char
acter transactions have been of the. trading
ur.d not of the Investment sort, stocks are
weakened, but almost exclusively in the in- /
dustrials, which foreigners do not touch, these
declining 5- is per share on the average this
week, while railroad storks have averaged a
decline of only '.'Sc per share. Earnings for the
'■ first half of June are better than for any pre
vious month this year. 10 per cent larger than
I last year and 11.8 larger than In 1892 the
! granger roads gaining most largely over last
I year in srite of the . reduced movement of
f grain. _
In the great staples the;Jf Is a turn for the
better. Exports of wheat, flour Included, for
the week have been 3,643,672 bushels, against
THE SA^ ifItAJN CISCO CALL. SATURDAY, JUNE 24, 1899.
3,800,660 last year, and In three weeks 6,504,262,
against 11,006,738 last year.
Corn exports also continue large, 8,262,966
bushels, against 2,571,723 last year. A sharp fall
in cotton ;i!so encourages exports. These are
facts which preceded orders for gold exports
this week and do not result from them, but
show the. prospect of a larger outgo of mer
chandise in coming months. Wheat receipts
at. the West, 15,60u,658 bushels for the pas>t
three weeks, against 3,483.773 last year and
4.Mf1'.549 in the same week In 1597. show an ex
traordinary movement from the farms for the
season, indicating no suspicion there of short
age. The fall of 2c in wheat and in cotton
■• m 6.31 cto 6.12 c Indicates that speculation
based on the hope of short crops is growing
wears
The textile industries are much behind In
prices, although woolen's are. now steadily ris
ing and are ti per cent higher than at their
lowest In March. The goods are in much
stronger demand and wool has advanced from
l- iic to 18.76 c for domestic, taking the aver
age of 1"" quotations by Coates Brothers,
though the buying Is largely speculative.
In cotton goods the advance has been small.
and though business Is excellent the demand
fairly meets the supply.
The great gain in the volume of business
might seem of questionable safety were it
greater in iron production, resulting from an
actual excess of demand over supply and not
from speculation. Bars are stronger by $3
per ton at the East, ugh Iron Is i\ per ton
easier at Pittsburg. but a difference of $5 per
ton in favor of steel makes the demand for
iron larger. It is Interesting that a 10,000-ton
■ rder for plates for two American liners to be
built by the i ramps has gone to Chicago, the
Eastern works being too full. Orders for fin
ished products show no decrease in quantity,
and for most lines, as for rails, are quite often
refused, speedy deliveries being impossible.
Failures for the week have, been ITS in the
United States, against 2?5 last year, and 18 in
Canada, against 11 last year. .
v :f:\y Thrk GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW Tork. Tune 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12,850 barrels; exports, 8000. Moderately active
and easy without beine quotably lower.
\VHEAT4Receipts. 117,275 bushels. Spot
. easy; No 2 red, 5 4.c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red,
&i%c elevator; No 1 northern. Duluth. ?3%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard. Duluth. 87%0 f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options opened weak. Influ
enced by lower cables, liquidation and heavy
, Northwest receipts and ruled dull all day.
I Moderate covering Induced a rally, helped also
by unfavorable French and Hungarian crop
■ news. Closed steady at ■%'<?'2C net decline.
July. SX@SIHc, closed C l-V: September, 8015-16
©«l»«c. closed M'^o; ' December, S2^»@S3c,
closed S3c.
HOPS Quiet.
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL-^Steady.
Tin again made a step forward as to price
and ruled more active than in some weeks.
The Improvement was primarily due to favor
able news from at home :ind abroad. The
other departments were still neglected and
nominal. At the close the Metal Exchange
called
PIG IRON*— Warrants entirely nominal at
?13 50.
LAKE COPPER Quiet, with JIS bid and
(18 50 asked.
TIN Higher, with $2« bid and J26 20 asked.
LEAD— Quiet, with $4 45 hid and $4 60 asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 25 and for
copper (IS.
SPELTER— DuII tit $6 25.
1 COFFEE— closed steady: 'net, un
changed Sales, 9230 bags. Including July,
$4 70; August, $4 80; September, $4 90; October,
54 95.
SITGAR— Raw, quiet but steady; centrifugal
96 test. 4\o: renned. steady.
BUTTER Receipts. 7596 packages; steady.
Western creamery, 15%515%c; factory, 12$ 14c.
EGGS— Receipt?. 6992 packages; steady.
We.-tern; 14> B Slsc; Southern, 9fUlc. ' "-
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
California dried fruits, dull but steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6>4'?7c:
' prime wire tray, B}4@BVsc; choice, BV4S'B%c;
lancy. 9@9'
PRUNES :{'-. S' 2 <\
APRICOTS Royal. 14c; Moorpark, 11018 c
PEACHES— Unpeeled. I' 1 © 13c.
-
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, • June 22.— So far as the total
amount of trading: in wheat is concerned, to
day's transactions could easily have ' en
crowded into one hour of the session with
out making it remarkably active. Business at
the close was almost at a standstill, and al
j though news was of a decidedly bearish char
'■ acter, price fluctuations were almost as nar
' row as the usual range in coarser grains. The
opening was weak. September starting at 76Vic,
compared with yesterday's closing price of
7ii"^c. and a few sales wen? made at T. : S '- short
ly alter the .-tart. That proved to be the bot
tom of the .lay. Liverpool was expected to
show strength I day, but declined instead, i
Odessa reported more rain followed to-day by
extreme heat. Rains were also reported at
other points where drouth has prevailed. On
the opening decline there was buying enough
to cause a gradual reaction to 76'7j|tfj'76 ■■■.
There was no let up in the heavy primary re
celpts, and as to day's cash and export de
mand showed considerable falling off this was
again a factor in the weakness, which be
fore the close carried September down to ?►■/
7 i i4c . gain. September was bringing 76 1 i<376}ac
at ;i • close.
Corn was heavier and lower The cash de
mand was light, and heavy receipts are looked
tor to-morrow. September closed '/jc lower.
Oats were dull and weak, principally in sym
pathy with wheat and corn. September lost
9i#'/£c.
Provisions were extremely dull and heavy.
Hog receipts were large and packers were sell
ers in a moderate way. September pork was
I 5c lower, lard a shade lower and ribs 2'^c
lower at the close. •
i The leading futures ranged an follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 74't- 74% 741; 744
September 76'; 76' i 76' 7«\
December 77 4 77; s 77*4 77 ■*
Corn No. 2—
July 3T-, ."!4 r -*, S4'i 34Vi
September 34»i 34*4 34' i 341,
December 33? i 34 33»» 23-»
Oats No. 2 —
July I'4\ 24"i 24% I4«i
September 22 22 ; n 21 s t 21»
May 24U 24>, •.'4>» 24!»
Mess Pork, per barrel-
July 8 12>i 8 12% 8 074 8 12%
September « 32' 2 S 324 823 i3O
Lard, per 100 pounds-
July 4 97H 500 4 97Vi £00
September ....5 124 5 12Va 610 6 12%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
July 4 67%
September 4 82V4 4 82^ 480 4 82%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 70%@74%c:
No 2 red 73'4c; No. 2 corn. 54^4@34%c; No. 2
oats, 26%@26%: No. 3 white, 27%©29% c; No. 2
rye, 61c; No. 2 barley, 3S@39c; No. I flax seed,
$1 00%; prime timothy seed, $2 3i((f2 40; mesa
pork." per barrel. $7 COS'S 15; lard, per 100
pounds, $1 90@5 00; short ribs sides (loose), {4 50
,-4 80; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4*i@sc;
short clear sides (boxed). J3(g3 10; whisky, dis
tillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 26.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10.000 9.000
Wheat, bushels ..'..147,000 202,000
Corn, bushels 685,000 704.000
Oats, bushels 306,000 225,000
Rye bushels 2,000 600
Barley, bushels 9.000 10.QQQ
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries, 13>A@lSc; Dai
ries. 11@15%C. Cheep-, firm, S@S%c. Eggs,
barely steady; fresh, 12c.
'"LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Pept. Dec.
Opening "' m * 6 174 6 3
Closing :....sim 61% . 62%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— . June • Sept. -Dec.
Opening •' 20 05 2100
Closing 20 13 2100
Flour —
Opening ..42 90 28 75
Closing .' ' .42 80 28 75
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, June 23.— California fruit sold to
day: Red June 1 . Plums, average 52 50; Bart
lett Pears, half boxes, average $1 80; Royal
Apricots, S0c«1$l 55, average $1 43; Moorpark
Apricots. $1 351? 1 66, average $1 51; Burbank
Plums, $1 20@l 66, average $1 51: Abundance
Plums, U 2.*,<<Tl 55. average $1 38; Tragedy
Prunes, Jl 6691*80, average $1 78: Hale's Early
Peaches, 60@'S5c, average Sic. Three cars sold
NEW YORK, June 23.-California fruit Fold
to-day: Royal Anne Cherries. 70c@$l 40. aver
age $1 06; Republican, 3."ic!T7sl 90, average $1 ;
Bigarreau, average Ssc; Brlgg's Early May
Peaches, $1 l^l 30. average $1 17; Alexander
Peaches, ;"-'</jl: Clyman Plums. DSSSOc, aver
age fir,.. ' Eleven cars sold to-day.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at auction to-day, realizing the following
PHILADELPHIA, June 23.— Royal Apricots.
{1 60<S2 10. average $1 76: Burbank Plums. $1 40
1m 90 average $1 60; Tragedy Prunes, (1 3S<§)
180 average $1 55; Simonl Prunes, average
$1 47: Abundance Plums, $1 35iSl 70, average
$1 GO; Royal native Plums, average $1 2S. Three
cars sold to-day.
BOSTON, June 23.— Burbank Plums, $1 105?
1 40, average St 28; Abundance Plums. $1 15^
1 70, average Jl 35: Royal Apricots, 70c5J$l 66,
avernge II 10: Alexander Peaches, 60c@$l S3,
average "tie. Five cars sold to-day.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. .Tune 23.— CATTLE— There -was a
good <";«T:iand for cattle to-day, and though re
ceipts were large for so late In the week, de
sirable lots were 10c higher in some Instance*.
Good to fancy beeves, $5 06©5 60; commoner
grades. J4 '.Cfi.i; feeding cattle, J3 65<y.".; bulls,
cows and heifers, $2 25®5 W. latter for choice
heifers; "Western fed steers, $4 60Qi 40; Texans,
54 .'. . calves, 54 WO7.
HOGS— Hogs declined about Re. Light ho gs
brought J3 fi.v??3 85: mixed lots. $3 fiivgs 1,24;
heavy, $3 50.(53 SO; pigs sold for *3 2503 70; culls.
S3 10G3 50.
SHEEP- The market for sheep and lambs
was about steady. Sheep. $2^3 r.o for culls up
to J.Vri.-> 23 for choice flocks: yearlings sold at
■'. 2.".; clipped lambs at Jfig6 70, and spring
lambs at $.-.fiS 70.
Receipts- Cattle. 2000; hogs, 33,000; sheep,
10,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. June 23.— Consols. M 7 15-16; allver.
27 13-16 d: French rentes, lOlf 2'ic: wheat car
goes off coast, buyers Indifferent operators;
cargoes on passage, quiet and less disposition
to buy; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. June 23.-Wheat. dull: wheat in
Paris, steady; French country markets, quiet;
weather in Eneland, cloudy and dry.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 U-32d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, June' WHEAT— No- 2 red
winter Western, steady. 6s i*.d; No. 1 Northern
Dulufh, steady. 6s 24d. Futures quiet; July,
."■'■ imd; September, €s l%d; December. 6s -VI.
Receipts of wheat for the past three days
186,000 centals, including 74,000 American.
CORN— American mixed spot, steady. 3s 4M>d:
old. steady, 3s 5V.d. Futures steady; July, 3s
4*id; September 3a 6d. Receipts of American
corn for the past three days, 129,700 centals.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. June 23.-Clearings, 5300,
--30"; balances, $39,647.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., June 23.— local wheat
market remains unchanged, with prices hang
ing around 68Mi©59c for Walla Walla, with
Vie more obtainable for choice heavy stock.
Valley Is In nominal demand at 59M:@00c and
blue stem at 61@62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 23. There was no change In
the local wheat market yesterday, the recov
ery to 59c for club being sustained; blue stem
is C2c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BCLLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day? — $4 Sfii-i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88^4
Sterling Cables — 4 89^a
New York Exchange, sight — 12' i
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars.... ". — BO@60V»
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60*4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT Chicago declined on account of
lower cables. Foreigners and St. lyouls sold
freely. Argentine shipments amounted to S4S,
--"flO bushels. The. situation in Russia was un
favorable and unchanged. Minneapolis wired a
good demand for Flour there from Liverpool
at an advance of Is. The July liquidation con
tinued and made things heavy, Broomhall
cabled that the Hungarian prospects were de
teriorating, but later cables reported heavy !
rains there.
Futures declined in sympathy with Chicago,
but the spot market was steady, with a good
demand on shipping account.
Spot Wheat— t-hipping, $1 10<&l 11%: milling,
$1 12/4©l 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— l6,ooo ctls, $1 l?S;
21 ■■'. $1 !-"■•.
Regular Morning Session— December— l4,ooo ,
ctls. «i 18%; 6000, $1 13%.
Afternoon Session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 IS-;i;
2000. II 18%.
BARLEY The market is dull all around, and
feed is offered to arrive at "7 1 -."'.
Feed, new, 90c; Brewing, Ssc; old Brewing,
$l£tl 06 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session 9:15 o'clock— '99. new
—2000 ctls, S2%c.
Second Session — No pales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session December 2000 ctls, ?o*ic.
Seller '93. new— 2ooo, S2*lc.
OATS- The craze to sell during the past two
or three days has cleaned up stocks in first
hands, and the market Is now almost bare. The
demand continues Black, however. A burned j
bridge at Grant's Pass on the Oregon line is j
! ■•; Ing back some supplies en route, and until j
they arrive spot stocks will probably be small. |
Fancy Feed, $1 40 per ctl! good to choice,
$1 32 I &1 35; common, SI 25@1 30; Surprise. $1 4.";
■il 4T>- ■ Gray, $1L 1 51/135; Milling, $1 37H@1 40
per ctl.
CORN — The cheapness of Barley and the de
cline In Oats have a tendency to quiet this
market. Offerings are ample for all needs and
trade is dull.
Small round Yellow, Jl 30(31 35; Eastern large
Yellow, $Mo@lJ2t4; White, %\ io?n 15; mixed, \
Jl 10 per ctl; California White. $l 17H@1 22%.
RYE— 97}jcgtl per ctl; offerings are more
liberal.
UL'CK WHEAT— Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. 13 60173 75,
usual term?; bakers' extras. $3 40g3 50; Oregon
anil Washington, $3 40@3 45 per barrel for extra.
J3 ?r>(ijj (0 for bakers' and $2 2G&2 50 for super
| tine.
MTLL.STI.TFFS — in sacks are as fol
-1 <vs, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour J3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 7f>; Rye
Meal ii 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. S4 60&4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25@3 60; Buck
; wheat Flour, $41*4 25; Cracked Wheat, 13 75;
Farina. M 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 65®6 95; In sacks, $6 35';tt> 75,
I Pearl Barley, JO; Split Peas, $4 00; Green Peas,
$0 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay fell off 50 per cent from the
preceding day. but the market continued dull
and weak at unchanged quotations.
Feedstuff* stood the same.
BRAN $lfi 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS $180119 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $21 per ton:
Oilcake Meal .-it the mill, J27028; Jobbing. J2S 50
©29; C'ocoanut Cake, 120021 ; Cornmeal, $23 50Jji
21 BOi Cracked Corn, ?24*T25; Mixed Feed, $15@
16; Cottonseed Meal, $.4''.'.ti per ton.
OLD HA Y— Wheat, Slo@ll for good to choice
and U&S for lower grades; Wheat and Oat,
S8&10; »at. %~'Q'-i; Barley, ivy's; Alfalfa, nomi- j
nal.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $S*f'> 50: Wheat and Oat. !
$*-■•: Wild Oat, 58 8O®8; Barley, $5@6; Alfalfa. :
S'-.- ( 50 per ton.
I STRAW— 25ig50c per hale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beyond the demand for "Rayos there Is little !
doing in Beans. Pea Beans are dull.
Dried Peas are lower and dull. Seeds show (
no change.
BEANS Bayos, $1 60@l 70; Small White. $2f?
2 15; Large White, $1 60@I 65: Pinks, $1 655t>
1 85; Reds J3 40; Blackeye, $4 10© 1 15; Butters, ;
I nominal; Lima*. $3 90g4; Pea, $1 90@2 25; Red |
Kidneys, $2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 214 @3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
234 c per Tb; Alfalfa. S'S'.i^c; Rape, 3@3V4c;
Hemp. 4%fi4-»c: Timothy. 4Vi5 l io.
DRIED PEAS— $1 25©1 60; Green, $150:
@2 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES. j
Prices for Potatoes were a shade easier, and
Onions were weak.
Supplies of Vegetables continued ample for
all needs and quotations were not materially
altered.
POTATOES — New Peerless. $1 90®2 20: new
Early Rose, $1 7501 "90; Burbanks, $1 So@2 20 per
ctl on the wharf. ; :•'>*;
ONIONS— New, "iff per sack for red and ■
S;.c(iisl per ctl for Sllveraklns.
. VEGETABLES— Asparagus, n c3st per box
for No. 2. $1 Zs@l 50 for No. 1 and $1 75 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 35@75c per box: Green Peas, ,
2<??2V.c per Ib; String Beans, 2@3c for Green,
3(!isc for Refugee and 2 1 -i'(?:> ; -c for Golden Wax;
Horse Beans. 60c per sack; Cabbage, 65c;
Tomatoes, 75c®fl 50 per box; Egg Plant. S@loc
per lb: Garlic, 2'53c: Dried Okra. I.'.c per Ib;
Dried Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers, 6®lsc; Chile >
Peppers. 200250; Carrots, 3"<i4'V per sack: Sac
| ramento and Marysvllle Cucumbers, 50@85c per
box: Bay Cucumbers, $1 sOii2: Summer Squash,
25@60c per box for Vacavllle and 7Sc@Sl for
Bay; Green Corn, f,oc<i(sl 2.'. per sack for Vaca
vilie and 12Vs<525c per dozen for Bay.
POULTRY AND GAME.
'■ The market is still well supplied and quiet.
POULTRY— Turkeys, ll@l3c for Gob
blers and lliolSc for Hens: Geese, per pair,
1101 25: Goslings. $I{Tl 25; Ducks. $405 for old
and $4 5066 for young: Hens. $4 50®5 50: young I
: Roosters, $6 600$: old Roosters, $506 50; Fryers :
M@s; Broilers, ti<a3 00 for large, i~'dz for small; ;
Pigeons, $1 2531 75 per dozen .for old and $1 50 !
<i 1 75 for Squabs
; GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are very slow and some dealers are
shading to effect sales. There is no change In
I Butter and Cheese, both being in good supply.
BUTTER-
Creamery- -Fancy Creamery, IS@lSc; sec
onds, 17@17Hc.
Dairy— Fancy. 17c; good to choice, 16@16%c;
.store, 14ffl5c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. Sc; old, 7Hc;
Yonnir America. 9(filOc: Eastern. 11016 c.
KGGS— Quoted at 15016 c for store and 17019 c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16@ltiVsc for No,
1 and 14{?15c for seconds.
DECIDUOUS AM CITRUS FRUITS.
The ennners are paving the following prices:
Peaches. $20 for fret; and $"0 for clings; Apri
cots, %?,:,■ 1 :.:. per ton. according to size, quality
and district; Hartl.lt Pears, $40(iJ50 per ton-
Green and Yellow Plums. $> per ton.
I The upward tendency continues anil the can
! ners are paying better prices for Harriett Pears I
and Apricots, as will he seen above. At the j
same time, Apricots in the southern part of the
State are going as low as 1205/30 per ton, and
some have sold even down to $15. In the cen- i
tral and northern parts of the State, however
: they cannct be bought at any such low prlceal
The local market Is but Indifferently supplied
I with fruit, as the heavy demand for the East
I and North draws the best lots away from this
point. The northern demand for Portland, the
Sound and Alaska In said to be enormous" this
year. In fact, this is one of the best fruit years
. the State has ever seen.
More Cantaloupes came in from Winters and
sold at $1 26©1 50 per box.
At present there is not an oversupply of any
fruit on the market, which is something re- 1
markable. 1 -'- ."■ -■•" ■- -"'. ■ '•■:
DECIDUOfP FRUITS—
Apples. 3'.r@sl per large box; Crabapples 40
<gsoc per box.
BERRlES— Blackberrleß. S3 60@5 per chest
and 40r per crate for Newcastle: Strawberries
$6sfS per chest for Email and $3@3 50 for large
berries; Raspberries, $4@6 per. chest; Logan
Berries, JGGS per chest.
Seedless Grapes from Yuma. $I@l 50 per crate.
Currants. $4 SOS'S 50 per chest. •
Cherries, 60@90c per box for black; Royal
Anne. 75<f?90c: black, in bulk, S@3o per lb; Royal
Anne, S@9c per lb.
Green Pears, 25c@$l per box, according to
size, and 2Dif2oc per basket; Bartletts, $I@l 50
per box.
Figs, 23@50c for single and 75c@$l per box for
double layers of black and for white.
Apricots, 40@Sjc per box and 40@60c per bas-
I ket for Royals.
Peaches, 40@SOc per box and 40Q:60c per bas
ket.
Plums. 23@50c per box; Prunes, fioc@sl per
crate: Japanese Plums, per crate.
Cherry Plums. 25@30c per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Granges. « sn@3 50
per box: Seedlings. Sljil TO; Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 2'4il 75; Lemons, $I'S2 for common
and $2 50<ff3 50 for good to choice; Mexican
! Limes, $4: California Limes, l soc per
: small box; Bananas. $1 £o(§2 50 per bunch; Pine
) apples, Jl@2 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. 6'4c for 40-60*8, 5c
for 50-60" s. 4c for 00-70' s. 3',4@3=,4c for 70-SO's,
2 a H'S3Vic for SO-90's. 2Vi@2\c for 90-100's and
2@2Vic for IPO-UO's: Peaches, SU<U9V->c for good
1 to choice, K'SlOVic for fancy and 14@15c for
peeled; Apricots, "nominal; Evaporated Apples,
nominal; Plums, nominal. IKo for unpitted and
l 5Sc for pitted; Pears, 3f;9c, according to
color, etc. •■. '
DRIED FRUITS (Ne«™ Crop)— Apricots, July
delivery. Pc per lb.
RAISINS— *%C for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown l>\c for four-crown, 4', 2 (S6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3&c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers: Dried Grapes. 2%®3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts. s(gSc
for hardshell. 10@llc for softshell; Almonds, S@
9c for hardshell. 12<gl3c for softshell. 14@16e for
papershell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 4'/4@
6c for California: Cncoanuts. •$4 60(g5.
HONEY-Comb, ll®l2c lot bright and 10<3Hc
for light amber; water white extracted. 6Vv@
7c; light amber extracted, 6^4@6%e; dark, 5©
6%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Sc per 1b for heavy,
Sv.'g.Sc tor llcht medium. 10%®llc for light, 120
for extra light and 12'*ig~13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar cured Hams, 12@12M|C; Cali
fornia Hams. ll%Cil2c; Mess Beef. $13 per bhl ;
extra Mess Beef. $14: Family Beef. $15@15 50:
extra prime Pork, $12 BO; extra clear, $16 50;
mess. $15(515 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5V4(?i5%c per lb for
compound and 6^<ii7c for pure; half barrels,
pure. V,'iC.\ 10-lb tins, 7%@Bc; 5-lb tins, B@B>4c.
COTTOLENE— 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb palls, 60 In a case. 9Vfcc;
3-lb pails. 20 in a case, B%c: 5-Ib pails, 12 In a
case. S'~e; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, S^c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7;sc: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, SV«c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, "Tic; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7} c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
I Hides are quiet and the Eastern market has
■ lately fallen off %@%e.
! Jacob Woiiner's circular says of Wool: "Our
W... 1 market Is still active. Mostly all avail
able Wools which were not limited have been
sold. In fact. I can say there are not 6,000.000
; pounds of unsold Wool in this market. This
j year's California spring clip is very Bhort in
Quantity, and it has all been marketed with
tho exception of Humboldt and Mendoclnos. At
the sales now going "n In Vkiah 17^c has been
ofTen'-d. but growers ask from 20i@21C. T/a<t
week ;it the Cloverdale Wool Wools
brought all Hie way from 14@17c. There are a
good rii.iny ( irepon and Washington Wools com
intr Into this market, but those Territories, as
well as Nevada, are pretty well cleaned up.
Prices rule as high, if not higher, in the ooun
try than they do In the seaboard markets. It
is purely speculative, with the expectation that
manufacturers will have to come Into the mar
ket and pay the prices, as we are on a par with
the European markets, so we cannot import
! any Wools. If the I>milnn sales which will
open the 27th Instant advance 10 per cent as
expected, a ereat ninny of our domestic Wools
I will be exported, so it seems that Wool will be
; good property. The only 'drawback is that
manufacturers cannot cct prices for woolens, as
the people still want cheap Roods,, end with the
1 f Wools htjrher, goods have to be raised
•j". to •" l1 per cent before manufacturers will be
Justified In paying the prices asked for the raw
' material."
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under th" quotations. Heavy salted
s t>><.r.- 1 ■'"! 1 ■''■ ■■: medium, 9@9%c; lipht, 9c;
Cowhides. 9c; States. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; ilry Hides, sound. !6%c; culls and brands.
Uc; dry Kip and Veal, IR-': dry Calf, 17c;
-kins, phearlinss. 20@35c each; shirt
WOl !. 35®50c each; medium, 60^1 75c; lone Wool
Boc@sl 25 each: Horse Hides, salt, $2y2 50 for
lar^v and Jl for srr.iU: ''olts. sue.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4;f4\iC per lb; No.
, 2, 3@3^c; refined, ; RTfase, ic.
WOOL— Spring Clips,— San Joaqnln and
' Southerns, 7 months, 7H@9Hc; Fofithill and
Northern free. llWISc: Foothill and Northern
defective. 9@>llc; Nevada. 10@13c; San Joaquin
X".. thill free. 10(S)12c; do defective, Sfl?c: Hum
■ boldt and Mendocino, 16@17V4c; Eastern Oregon,
124:14 c fur choice and P^llVjC for fair to quod.
HOPS— IS9B crop. 13!@17ViC per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Oraln Bacs. 5%@5%c: Wool
Basi!. 26@2Sc; San Quentin Bags, $1 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welllng
t ton. $S; Southfield Wellington, $7 f>o: Seattle, $6;
! Bryant, J6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
fccotch, $8; Cumberland, IS 60 in bulk and $9 60
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Cannel, IS 50 per ten; Rook Springs and Castle
Gate, tl 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
j In cacks.
Harrison's circular says of Coal: "During:
I the week there have been seven deliveries of
coal from Washington, 14,380 tons; three from
British Columl la, 9769 tons; two from Oregon,
! 4f.Q tons; one fn m Swansea, 3350 tons; two from
: Australia. 6i<W tons; two from Japan, dX,') tons;
■ total, 40,907 tons. These are the largest arrivals
of ■ lal we have had »ny week so tar this year, j
; Much the larger portion of it will be delivered
t to 1 nsumere, hence local prices will nut
be affected. Two cargoes ol' M(\ji coal from
Japan are at hard this week; it Is a long time
•-in .- any shipments Of this grade have been
made here. It is reputed to be a very effective
steam coal, but its high cost at point of ship
' ment precludes any liberal deliveries here.
' Business is reported brisk in the fuel line for
Bteam purposes, with no change of values. As
an cm iblished rate appears to be rlx.rd for the
! moment for grain freights to Europe, but little
i!u tuatiqn may be looked for in inward foreign
1 coal values. It is singular this year the simi
larity of coal freights from Swansea and Aus
tralia which have been ruling; at present they
are botii Identical, about 35s per ton. The pres
ent outlook would indicate that there will be no
I low-priced coal offered on this market in 1899,
there is too much demand for tonnage in other
' foreign ports at full figures for any to seek this
i port with cheap coal, besides coast frrights will
assuredly rule high all this year. This should
leave a good profitable market for our northern
products for several month? to come."
RICE- China mixed, $3 70@3 75; China No. 1,
$4 60@4 90; extra do, $5@5 35; Hawaiian, $6;
Japan, ?4 12V4®4 75: Louisiana. $5@6 50.
SI.GAR- The Western Sugar Kenning Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lh bags:
rubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. B»ic:
Powdered, s*io; Candy Granulated, ssfcc; Dry
Granulated. 6Uc; Confectioners' A. D',,c: Cali"
--; fornU A. sc; Miignolia A. 4 T ic: Extra C, 4\c;
Golden C. •4\r; barrels. l-16c mor°: half-barrels,
V t c more: boxes, ! ?o more: 50-!b bags. He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
1 equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The market for all descriptions is quiet and
featureless at the moment.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7^!&SV->c per lb for Steers and 6V4@7c
for Cows.
VF.AL— 7®9c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%@7c; Ewes, 6c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 7%©Be per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. .V-/aJV for small, T,\r.
for medium and Bijjr.'^c for large: stock
Hcgs and Feeders, Co; dressed Hogs, 7@S'^c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, June 23.
Flour, qr sks 6,983 Eggs, doz 13,320
Wheat, ctls ...... 1 " Pelts, hdls 90
Barley, rtls 3.300 Hides. No ' 1,000
Corn, ctls. East. 1,800 Leather, rolls 97
Rye, ctls S6O Oats. ells. rail.. 910
Cheese, ct'.s "~> Wool, Vine." 4
Butter, ctla 169 Straw, tons 23
Tallow, ctls 273 neans. sks 554
Sugar bhla 1.400 Potatoes, sks 1,802
Lime, lil>ls 182 Onions, sks M 7
Hay. tons 372 Bran, sks 275
Quicksilver flks. 127 Middlings, sks .. 33
Wine, gala 65.850
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 910
Family Retail Market.
Butter, Kegs and Cheese show no noteworthy
change from last week.
Meats continue dear. Poultry is in good sup
ply an'! prices show little change. Fish is
rather cheaper. _ -.- .-;';:'.
Choice Fruit Is 'not very plentiful, though
there is plenty of common stuff to be had.
Vegetables are in their usual summer supply.
Following is The Call's regular weekly price
•list:
Coal, per ton —
Pannel % <ial2 00 1 Castle Gate.. 606? -
Wellington . @10 OOlSouthfleld
New Welling- I Wellington — h@> 960
ton 10 00 Coos 8ay.... q 7 00
Seattle 8 00 Si I ..-._•■
' Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per | Common Egss..l7i4<sJ2o
square 45®— Ranch Eggs, per '*
Do, per roll Wi—', dozen 20@ 5
: Do, good S.".''i-- .Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Cal I"'a 1 2; It) 12015
Cheese, Eastern.. 17 Do, extracted....—
Cheese. Swiss 20&23
: Meats, per lb —
Bacon 12^17 Pork, fresh 16017
Ueef, choice lStfSOjPork. salt 12015
Dd, good 10©15lPork Chops 15® IS
Corned Beef —010 Round Steak 12U<!T—
Ham, Cal 12^ftl.i Sirloin Steak i: . ., -
Do. Eastern I.VfM" Porterhouse, do... SOWS'
Lard lrtifi 15 ' Smoked Beef 12015
Mutton  10©15IHork Sausages..
Lamb 12@15iVeal 12015
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 60@73 Turkeys, per tb...i;5?20
Young Roosters. Ducks, each ?rO'(j7s
each 65@Sa!Geese. each... 00®l 50
Old Roosters, Pigeons, pair SOOCO
each 6 f?75 I Rabbits, pair — ifho
Fryers, each sC<ff — Hare, each 13'-'i2o
Broilers, each 35®50
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds. n> 15^0 Lima*, doz io«i2
Apples fifl s Oranges, doz — I
Crabapples SUM )'• -- per tl. (S 5
Apricots per !b... s®lo Peaches, per lt>... Vn s
Bananas', d0z..:...20@25 Plums, per lb.,
Blackbsrries, per Raisins, tb siglu
drawer 25®40 Raspberries, per
Cherries, per !b..10@15 drawer 35<g:,0
currants, per bx..80®63 Strawberries, per
Figs per rb 15520 drawer
Hr.-ipes, per tb lJfiCn Walnuts, tb
Lemons, doz 10@20
Vegetables —
Artichokes, d0z...20@50 Green Teas, tb.... 4(3 3
Asparagus 5®12 Lentils, tb 6fl S
Beets, doz 12@J5 Lettuce, doz 15© -
Be«ns. white, tb.. Yn 5 Onions, tb '."a 3
Colored Iti 4<*? j Peppers, green, tl
Lima. Ili 6®— Potatoes, It
Cabbage, each — @10 Parsnips, doz 150—
Cauliflowers, each 5010 flhuharb. per tb.. la 6
Celer>'. hunch s®— IFladlshes. dz bcha
Cucumber?, per Sage, dz bchs..
dozen 15(330 String Beans, lb.. 4ia 8
Cress do 7 1.-ichs .':■'■•!-:■ Summer .Squash.tb 4-i :■
ICes? Plant, per R>.12@15 Thyme, tb 20tfr30
Green ».'..r!i. per Tuniips. doz 10(gl5
dozen 12^30 Tomatoes, tb S@ls
Fish, per tb—
Barracuda lSff— ?had 10®12
Carp 10®— Striped Bass 15©
Codfish •.. .12015 Smelts
Flounders 10012 S. -ies
Halibut IS®— Skates, each lO<@
Kingfish '•: - Tomcod 12@15
Mackerel —015 Clams, gal
Dn, Horse -M ■ Do. hardshell. 100.40@50
Perch 12'( i Crabs, each 11-'-;T.I 1 -'-; T.
Pompano — <ai\ SOIDo. softshell, di z
Rockfish 15@- Mussels, qi 10®12
Salmon, smoked. .2o(S— Oysters, Cal, 100 I
Salmon, fresh 15(0— Do, Eastern, d0z..25@40
Shrimps Sflin
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business in securities was light on the morn-
Ing session of the Bona Exchange, and the only
change was a slight advance in Gas and Elec
tric.
'>n the afternoon call Giant Powd»r declined
to $70 50
Mining stocks continued to rise, with In
creased sales in several mines. The advance
is said to he due to an improvement In the
1750-foot level of the Consolidated California
a.nd Virginia, where a small but widening body
of ere lias been found. The average assay of
this ore is $-15 per ton. The telegram from the
pump said: "The second elevator is running
steadily on one-third time and is holding the
water. The first elevator is being lowered, and
we expect to have it ready for running within
two days."
The annual meeting of the Union Consolidated
Mining Company has been called for July IT.
The official report from the Standard Con
solidated mine at Bodie for the week ending
June 17 states that the usual development work
was done on the ISO, 200, 270, 318, 3SO, 470, 52$
and .-52 foot levels, and in most of the open
ings tair to good ore is showing. The stopes in
the Moyle, New, No. 10 and Fortuna ledges fur
nished the regular quantity of ore, some of
which from the Fortuna vein was of very good
quality. At the mill 265 tons of ore were
crushed for the week. Average assay of vanner
tailings was $10 S4. Concentrates produced were
IVi tons: assay value, $131 84. Plate amalgam
produced, 1525 troy ounces; value per ounce,
$2 81. Tailings plant No. i treated 323 tons of
tailings and plant No. 2 treated 139 tons tail
incs.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
FRIDAY. June 23— 2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds- Mutual Ei Co. 14« 15
«s quar c0up. .114 — [Oakland Gas.. 4fi% 47
Is guar re*... — — Pac Gas Imp.. 72 —
4s quar new.. 129% — Pac 1. Co — 44*4
is quar coup.. - - SF G & E.... 71% 72' i
Miscellaneous— San Fran s% .; .
Cal-st Cab 55.117 — Stockton Gas. 12 -
C C Wat 55.. ..111*4112% Insurance—
EL, & V 65.. 13014 — Firem 1 ? Fund.22o —
F & Cl liy 6s. — us , Bank Stocks—
Beary-st R 6s. 90 99 Anglo-Cal .... - 65%
H C& S 5%5..107% — Hank or Ca1..275 -
LA Ry ...106% — (- a l SD& T. — 98
L A L. Co 65.101 V, — First Nutiunl.22o —
Do cntd 68.101 Vi - I,on P * A.... — 131
L A L. Co ss. S3 103 Mer Exchange — 15
Market-st 65..12' i — Nev Nat BK.. — —
Do Ist M ss. - 117 | Ravings Banks—
N' CN G R 75.10S — ,Ger S & 1... .1625 —
V ];v Cal . 6s . - in < bum S * L.1060 1160
;.sK of Cal us. — 114 Mutual Say. 35 —
NPC R X 6s. — - 5 F Say U.. 500 —
VPC R R ss. — — H & L. So.. — 86%
X Cal R R Gs.lll — Security SB.— 300 "
Oak Gas 55... 11 l — Union T Co. — 1465,,
Dm C Hv 65.127 '"> i Street Railroads—
V & Cl Ry 65. 117 108% California ....116 -■
I' & <> 6s 117 - 3*ary 50 —
Powell-st 65. ..11$ 122% Market«st 62^ 63' A
>nr Xl Ry ss. - - i 'ak o L. & II — -
SF & x p 55.118 iv-- 4 Presidio — 16
s f & S JV55.114H113 Powder—
; -lerraK Cal 65.108% — California 153 170
I S P of A .11314 - F. Dynamite... pn —
SPC 6a (1905) — 113% Giant Con Co. 71 71%
3 P'■ 6s (1305) — — v ik,, rit 3% »»T
- p<• «<= (1012) - — Sugar—
SPCIs eg 85.105 107 liana P C 0.... 17U, —
S P Br 'is 124 124*1 Haw C & S C. — 105
S V Wat f.5...11(i 116% Hutch S r Co. 32^33
S V Wat 45.. .101^104^ Kilauea S Co. 29 30%
S V>W4s,_. m).101%102!4 Onomea S Co. 40^ 41
stktn Gas 65. .102% — Paauhau S P. 40 —
Water Stocks — '. I !V,i!-c-ciiaiieous—
Contra Costa., 71 71!4 Al Pac A55n. .11214 — i
Marin Co 50 - i(3er Ixl Wks.2so " —
Spring Valley.lo6%lol , : Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S C 0.541450
Capital Gas...— — Pat- A F A.... 1% 2V4
rentrnl O Cn.. — — jPac C Bor Co. 130 135
Cent L & P...6% 7 , Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Equit G L Co. S R%\
Morning Session.
Board—
15 Alaska Packers' Assn 112 75
.15 Giant Powder Con 72 50
65 Giant Powder Con 72 00
160 Giant Powder Con 71 oil
55 Giant Powder Con 71 12U
! 20 Giant Powder Con 71 25 "
40 Hutchinson S P Co 33 00
140 Market Street Railway 62 il" 1 .
100 Oakland Gas 47 00
100 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 72 00
10 San Francisco Gas ■£: Electric C 0.... 71 57%
25 Spring Valley Water 101 00 I
30 Spring Valley Water 100 H~ I A i
Afternoon Session.
Board—
150 Contra Costa Water 7125
300 Giant Powder Con ..: 71 50
100 Giant Powder Con 71 371^
• 60 Giant Powder Con 7125
60 Giant Powder Con 71 12%
45 Giant Powder Con 71 01) "
25 Giant Powder Con 70 50 :
30 Giant Powder Con, b 20 71 00
50 Hut In son S PCo 32 87%
5 Paauhau S I* Co 40 12%
50 Paauhau s P Co 40 00*
395 Pan Francisco Gas <<: Electric Co 72 00
200 San Francisco Gas A- Electric Co 72 121;
60 Pan Fran Gas it Electric Co, b 2.... 72 SO *
50 San Fran Gas & Electric Co, s 30 72 00
$2000 s P Branch Ry fi per cent bonds . .121 50
90 Spring Valley Water .' 100 87%
Street—
$2000 R V W 6 per cent bonds, cash 116 25
$7000 Market St Cable G per cent b0nd5. ..123 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas F. 12V*
40 Market Street Railway r,-j 00 "
30 Spring Valley Water 101 00
25 Giant Powder Con 72 00
10 Oceanic S S Co SO 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
35 Spring Valley Water 101 00
30 Giant Powder Con 71 50
50 Hutch inson S P Co 33 12V4
3S San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 72 00 " 1
25 Equitable Gas 5 12%
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 71 25 :
10 Equitable Gas 5 12U
20 Giant Powder Con 7175
30 Giant Powder Con 71 <;2y.
25 Hawaiian Commercial ft Sugar in 12^ ]
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 71 75
Street— ~ •-:
100 Paauhau S P. Co 40 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$1000 Cal St Cable 5 per cent bonds 117 50
40 Equitable Gas 5 121 i
75 Giant Powder Con 71 00 '
15 Pacific Cos Borax /.. 132 .'.O
25 Spring Valley "'ater .: 101 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were ti.e 'Ties in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 B°st & Belcher 43 200 Justice 13
800 Bullion 07 860 Mexican 50
2CO Bullion 08 200 Ophlr 96
100 Caledonia fio 200 Ophir 97
700 ("hollar .: 33 100 Overman 18
300 Con Cal & Va.l 4.1 300 Pntosi 43
200 Confidence 95 780 Savage 2.">
300 Crown Point... 2S £00 Peg Belcher 07
100 Gould & curry L'"» 300 Sierra Nevada. 68
200 Hale St Norcrs 25 200 Yellow Jacket. 38
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 3S 200 Occidental 2. >
300 Challenge 3d r.OO Ophlr 100
100 Chollar 34 200 Overman is
100 1 -hollar 33 "00 Potosl 4G
300 Con cal & Va.l 55 1700 Savage 34
SCO Crown Point... 30 1000 *?■% Belcher .... 07
200 Gould & Curry 2S 400 Sierra Nevada. ■'•
200 Justice 13 400 Union Con 41
200 Mexican 54 50 Union Con 40
200 Mexican 53 4CO Yellow Jacket. .39
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ;:■'■,'■'.:
Morning Session.
400 Best & Belcher 43 400 Ophlr 95
1000 Bullion 07 200 Ophlr 97
500 Caledonia fifi 200 Overman IS
200 Challenge Con. 35 700 Potosi 4;:
400 Chollar ...". 32 SCO Potosl 44
400 Chollar 33 400 Potosi 4t;
300 Con Cal & V...1 35 400 Potosi- 47
WOO Con Cal * V.I ZV<- 200 Savage 20
600 Con Cal & V...1 40 200 Savage 2S
700 Con Cal a: V.i 42'-i too Savage 29
• 250 Con Cal & V...1 45 600 Savage a
50 Confidence ' 93 .too Sa vaee 30
200 Gould & Curry 27 200 Sierra Nevada. SI
900 Justice 13 200 Utah i?i
200 Ophlr "6 500 Yellow Jacket. 33
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta 07 200 Mexican 53
500 Andes .. 15 200 Ophlr 93
200 Belcher 3S 400 Ophlr 100
SCO Best & Belcher 41 1000 Overman 19
AUCTION SALES,
AUCTION SALE! y
i^> £* %k
MONDAY. June 2fi. at 11 o'clock at lii
GOLDEN GATE AYE., I will sell 40 head o •
work and driving horses to highest bidder. In
eluded in this lot is one handsome hay paci"s
mare, very fast. IG hands high, perfectly e;er\
tie for lady to drive: stands without hitching
also -2 well broken saddle horses. No reser\*
or limit.
S. WATKIXS & CO.. Auctioneers
; Bullion r* "500 r ■
32 t I Pol
• 31 I Pot
I & V...1 -T. 200 S,r. :. «,
■ ■ i n Cal & V...1 50 200 Ba> .- ■
'■"•• C :-. Cal & V.I 524 ' ■ s . .... '" 07
- G uld & Curry 23 3
Ud .v Curry 27 500 I I
uld & Curry I' 1! •_'■ ■ \■ : • . •' •>■',
■■!■:■■■ ,v n ■ rs 37
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Const and (.;• I | . ..
Times and Heights of High ,■ j^
Waters at Fort Point, entran... ■
Francisco Bay. Pil.lished by i
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters - „«
the city front (Mission-street whan
twenty -five minutes later than at 1"
the height i f tide is the same at both :
a; [Time, Time| Timel ITlme,
=3 Ft. ; Ft. ! Ft. ' Ft
Q JL W H w L v )h W '
24 ...j 5:59-1.3 1:12 4.9 5:42' 3.0| ll:43i~Tt
25... 6:44-1.2 1:54 5.1 6:40 2.8.. I
h W l w H w (l W
26... 0:3S 6.0 7:30-0.9 2:3fi 5.4! 7:41 ..
27... 1:25; 5.7 8:16-0.4 3:1S 5.5 8:60 2.3
28 ... 2:40 6.2 9:05 0.2 4.01' 5.6 10001 - 9
29 ... 3:49 1.5 9:56 CSS 4:4S ? \vV ]\
30...! 5:081' 1.2 10:47! 1.4 5-Sfil 5 ql ■
SATURDAY, JULY
Sun rises ' IFit
Sun set? ~H! i.ff ; 3S
Moon rises ■■■ i V v 'm
NOTE— In the above exposition ._>: the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tiling of th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third tim» column the third tide
and the- last or right hand column Rives the
last tide of the day, except where trier are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The h»UhM
given are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— precedes the height
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plan* of
reference is *••■ mean of the lower low wat.r,'
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. j Due.
i Nlpr Man'. china and Japan June'3
| A. Blanchard... ICoos Bay June21
Empire Coos Bay Jun^I
Weeott Humboldt June'4
Willamette 'Seattle Iune24
Progreso [Seattle ' June24
State of Cal ...'Portland Jun*"*
City of Rio |Chlna and Japan June'4
Corona San Diego June 25
Acapulco Vhamperien June?,
Slam INanaimo.... Iun»"i
Aloha 'Point Arena |June25
j Areata 'Cons Bay |June2i
Umatilla .Victoria & Puget Sound, June ..
Pomona 'Humboldt [June 2*
North Fork Humboldt I June 27
Newburg iGrays Harbor jjune27
Crescent City. ..[Crescent City June27
Bonita Newport : I June 27
Fulton j Portland 'June
Washtenaw .... Taeoma ! June 25
Columbia 'Portland I June 29
Santa Rosa 'San Diego June29
Curacao Mexico I Ju ne 29
City of I I Panama !.7une30
Mariposa ...... . Sydney I June i\
Point Arena — Point Arena June30f
City of Puebla Victoria & Puget Sound l
Coos B.v 'Newport 'July 1
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. ! Destination. I Salts. I Pier.
Coos Bay. ..'Newport June 25, 9 am Pier 11
Walla WalI'VIc & Pgt Sd. [June 25. 10 amiPier 9
Weeott [Humboldt I June 25, 2 pmlPier 13
Pt. Arena. . 'Point Arena.. 'Tune 2 pm'P'er 2
Aloha 'Point Aren^..'.Tune2*_. 3 Pier 2
A. B'.anch'd Coos Bay June 26, plan: Pier 13
Areata -Coos Bay | June 27, in am'Pier 13
Corona .....'San Diego . |june27, 11 am'Pier Ift
N. Mam....|Chtna&Japan'June27. 1 pmlPMSS
Slate of Cat Portland Tune-1? ia am'Pier 24
Pomona 'Humboldt Uune2S, 2 pmPier i
Peru (Panama .Tnne2<:, 12 m PMSSJ
Bonlta Newport !June29, 9 am Pier if
Umatilla ...Vic & Pgt Sd. June 20, 10 an: Pier 9
G. Dollar.. .IPortland.'*.....!June30, .- I
Fulton (Oregon Ports. fJune 30 Pier 13
Santa Rosa 'San Diego I.Tuly 1. 11 amiPier 11
Coinrr.Ma ■■ 'Portland . . . I.Tulv 2. V- am I Pier 21
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRrv'ED.
Friday, June 53.
Ptmr Point Arena. Hansen. 12 hours from
Point Arena, etc.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, 68 hours from Pan
Pedro.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 43 hours from Port
Lo<* Aneeles.
Strr.r Coos Bay, Hall, S2 hours from Newport
anil wav Dorts.
Stmr Jeanle, Mason, S days from Prince Wil
liam Sound.
Haw Etmr San Mateo. Fletcher, 95 hours from
Nanalmo.
Fr l.ark .Amlral Troupe. Mace, S3 days from
Newcastle; NpW.
Schr Wing and Wing, Hansen, 50 hours froncK
Coos Bay. ■ •r°
Schr Eureka, Asplund, 62 hours from Co
quille River.
CLEARED.
Friday. June 2S.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co."
Sohr Ida Scbnauer, Sorensen, Santa Rosalia;
Felix Snntalllor.
Schr Barbara Hornster. Jensen, St Michael;
Alaska Exploration Co.
BAILED.
Friday. June 23.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego.
Ptmr Queen. Thomas. Seattle.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland. Santa Cruz,
Ptmr NTavarro, Gerne, Ural.
Schr Archie and Fontie. Johannsen. .
Schr Jennie Griffin, Martin. Mazatlan.
Schr Ida Srhoauer, Sorensen. Santa Rosalia,
Pchr Ocean Spray, Xyman. Iversens Landing.
Pchr Gem. Nelson, Coos Bay. "/-.'
Schr Repeat < >lsen, .
Schr Albion. Gnodmansen. Xehalem River.
Schr Mary Etta. Xyman. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBI June 23. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west; velocity IS miles.
CHARTERS.
The Mary B Fester loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Charmer loads coal at Departure Bay
for Honolulu.
The Manauense loads flour at Tacoma for
Vladivostok.
SPOKEN.
April 7. off Cape Horn— Br ship Cromdale,
hence Fei. 19, for Liverpool.
May 27, no position— Br ship Sardomene,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
June 9. lat 36 N. lon 4- W— Br ship Dlmsdale,
from Barry, for San Francisco.
June 11. lat 34 34 N. lon 13 10 W— ship
Wasdale, from Oreeon. for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrived June 23— Stmr
City of Puebla, hence June 20.
COOS BAY— Arrived June 22— Stmr Arcata,
hence June ID.
MEXDOOIXO— SaiIed June 22— Schr Golden
Gate, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— June 23— Stmr Cleone, hno
June 22 - ■.
Sailed June 23— Stmr Tillamook, for S«i
Pedro. ■
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived June 23— Stmr
Luella. from .
Sailed June 23— Stmr Luella. for San Fran-
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed June 23— Bark
Kate Davenport, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 22— Stmr
Signal, from Co is Kay.
Sailed June 22— Schr Reporter, for R»dondo.
June 23— Schr Jennie Wand, for Kihei; Bchr
Jennie Thelin. for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived June 21— Stmr City of To
peka. from Dyea; I'.r ship Hutton Hall, from
Seattle. . _
Sailed June 23-Schr G W Watson, for Ta-
L Sailed June 21— Stmr Tacoma, for Hongkong;
I barK Lev! G Burgess, for San Fram-isco.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 23— Stmr Humboldt.
from Dyea.
Sailed June 23— Bark Vidette. for Redondo;
i stmr Diriro. for Dyea.
■ SAN PEDRO Arrived June 21— Schr Melanc
.thon. from Grays Harbor.
Saile.l June 21— Stmr Pasadena, for Eureka.
NEAH BAY— Passed June 23— Stmr Willa
i mette, from Seattle, for San Francisco.
I PORT LUDLOW— Sailed June 23—Bktn-Klikt
tat, for Honolulu.
ASTORlA— Arrived June 23— Stmr Fulton, fm
i Eureka: stmr Signal, from Grays Harbor.
Sailed June 23— Schr Seven Sisters, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived June 23— Schr Occidental.
i hence June IS.
Sailed June 23— Schr Lottie Carson, for San
Pedro; stmr Wee<-tt. for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed June 23— Schr Quezalea,
for Grays Harbor. . :.' ■-
FOREIGN PORTS.
Nl< V'I.AKF.-KI- Arrived June 22— Schr En
i deavor, from Tacoma; schr Annie M Campbell,
1 hence April 20.
FALMOUTH— Arrived June 22— Br ship Posei
don. from Oregon.
PANAMA— Arrived June 10— Stmr Pan Juan,
hence May IS; Haw stmr Barracouta. from
Chum; •
Bailed June 9— Stmr City of Para, for.-^n
Francisco. I »
QITEEXSTOWN— Arrived June 22— Br '«bip
Balasore. from Oregon. 1
.Sailed June 22— Ger ship Margrstha, for Ant-I
werp. '1 1 •
GOODE ISLAND— June 10— Br shi- I .
City of Yorke. hence April 13. for Fremantle. I
HONG KONG— Sailed June 22-Stmr City of
Peking, for San Francisco.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SHE WHIPS HER
HATED RIVAL IN
A NOTION STORE
Thomas Lane Deserts
His Wife.
WARRANT ISSUED FOR HIM
♦
PRETTY LILLIE COWAN THE
SOURCE OF MISCHIEF.
— ♦ —
The Guilty Pair Opened a Housekeep
ing Establishment Within Sight
of the Outraged ,
Family.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, June 23.
Mrs. Thomas Lane of Haywards told a
pitiful and somewhat romantic story to
/iay to the District Attorney to induce
-• .im to issue a warrant against her hus
band charging him nil not providing for
l.s little boy.
There is another woman who- occupies
a leading part In Mrs. Lane's story and
the deserted wife tells with great glee
how she recently had the • .sure of
putting it all over' her.
I Mr. and Mrs. Lane have li\ ed at Hay
wards lor many years. They have been
married over fifteen years and everything
was smooth and merry till Mr. Lane saw
a young lady that possessed more attrac
tions for him than his wife. Then the
troubles began in ■ arm st. Lan stayed
away from home at long Intervals, which
gradually increased in number and dura
tion. He passed much of his time at. the
.iisreputable Thalia saloon on the San
Leandro road, which was closed last
we- t -k. Lane thtn had to move, so he
"pened up a second housekeeping estab
lishment at Haywards. within two blocks
<>f the house where his wife and child
lived. Ho installed Miss Lillie Cowan as
housekeeper and stated that he did this
on purpose to injure the feelings of his
A few days ago there was an exciting
scene at Haywards. Mrs. Lane, who is a
large, powerful woman, went to a store
nn B strpft, where she m*t her rival. De
tails arc a little vaßu«- regarding just
what happened, but • her* was a noise as
of an •■arth'iuake in the house for a few
minutes and Mrs. Lane emerged breath
loss but claiming victory. After this
Mr. Lane and his wife's rival disap
poared. but his wife followed on his trail
und located the guilty «-ouple at Santa
«'ruz. There was another scene at that
city, after which Mrs. Lane returned to
Oakland and swore to a warrant for her
husband's arrest:
Mrs. Lane declares that her husband
Is guilty of the grossest Ingratitude and
declares thai whatever he has is due to
h'T industry and frugality. When their
son was but two years old Mrs. Lane
says that she went out to work so that
hfr husband might learn the blacksmith
trade, and he has repaid all her fidelity
by deserting her and flaunting his dis
grace before his family.
HANDSOME TEACHER WANTED
Alleged Insult to a Young Lady Ap
plicant for a Position.
OAKLAND, Juno 23.— C. 11. Allison,
rl^rk of the Peralta School District, ad
mits having written the following: answer
to an applicant for the position of teacher
X In his district:
"Then Is a vacancy; will be filled sarly
in July. We wish a teacher of experi
ence and up to date and unmarried. And
if the applicant is Rood looking, one of
:he trustees is unmarried or rather sing 1
I write you because this application Is
aid."
The young lady who received this
?t range reply was so surprised thut she
r.-ferrfd it to h<-r friends. It was taken up
at a meeting of the St. Andrew's Society
last evening, and an Interesting time is
promised by her friends. Her letter of
application gave no cause fur such a re
. ply.
When seen this evening Mr. Allison.
who Is past mid • ape and a capitalist,
=aid he had made the reference to pood
• .' looks and a single trustee as a joke.
There is much Indignation expressed over
' the affair, which may be taken before
the County Superintendent of Schools, T.
O. Crawford.
. ♦ ■
No Fourth of July Oratoi
OAKLAND. J iwlng to the ex«
the summer resorts It
•• n Impossible foT the Pi urth of
mittee to find 1 suitable orator
for the flag raising a week from Tuesday.
Rev. C. K. Brown, Colonel John P. Irish
• in»> hn\ ■• all been rejected
1 ause of their known an
igonlsm to expansion. John A. Britton
Ist prominently mentioned for the
by his associatea upon the oommit
e of which he la < hairman.
Ahnspd W. H. Rouse on the Train.
OAKLAND, June 23.— W. H. Rouse of
Vi rnon Heights, who was severely in
■ lured in a. railroad wreck in Tuolumne
bounty three week* -'I*-'", returned homo
this morninp. Soon after the train left
laywarda coming in an unknown man
'• -lapped him on the shoulder, which had j
I oeen fractured in the wreck. He cried i
k >ut with pain and called the man's atten- I
P lion to his condition. The fellow became
" r.aolent and called Mr. Rouse a bum and I
fraud Several mort-- attempts were maijp
to inconvenience Mr. Rouse, hut he es
raped until he reached Broadway, when
he left the train and entered his family
Seeing the fellow looking out
nf the car window. h< pointed him out to
his wife and related Ine incident. This
seemed to madden the man. for he threw
up the window and 'ursed roundly. Offi
cer Sherry arrested him for disturbing the
peace.
Discussion Over Bible Truths
OAKLAND, June 23. -The proceedings
of the Eden Township Sunday-school con
vention at Haywards yesterday was en
livened by a lively discus over ih^
propriety of teaching children the tales of
cruelty ns related In the Bible. One of
the teachers, a Mis- Brown, objected to
such matter, when Rev. B. W. Perry of
San Leandro remarked that there whs
nothing In the Bible that would hurt a
child's mind. If the truth was taught.
Rev. Mr. iJarmr said: "Yea, teach th«
truth, hut not lies. Many teach that the
Jew? put Christ to death. It is an In
famous lie. and I would discharge, with
out a momi nts notice, any teacher I
caught teaching it."
■ m »
Poison in Strawberries.
OAKLAND, June 2.'-.- I h»> old ptory of
arsenic poionsing frum eatir.g berries is
reported again here. This is the first In
stance this year, but last summer nu
merous cases were reported, which led to
a lengthy discussion by physicians and
merchants. The latest instance was in
the family of J. A. Brltton. The straw
• - were eaten at lunch and Boon
after the entire family was suddenly
stricken with poison symptoms. A physf
was Bummoned, who pronounced it
leal poisoning. Prompt treatment
relieved the victims.
A Revolver Was Used.
OAKLAND, June 23.— James Fitzgerald,
a whitewasher residing on Twenty-third
ie, who was recently discharged
fmm the I'kiah Insane Asylum, applied
at the Receiving Hospital this morning to
have s.im' 1 powder wounds dressed. He
Ined that in scuffling with a friend a
pistol had been discharged. He did not
know whether it was intended as an as
-.!'. • or not, and would not give the
friend's name. No bullet wounds were
found, hut his neck and face was badly
burned. He thought the pistol used w..s
■ wi:h blank cartridges.
Lovers Quarrel and Fight.
OAKLAND, June 23 Mary Brown of
864 i "ia-. street was ai the ' g Hos
pital to-day to have a knifr wound on
i rm and a bruise on her n<
3tated that she had quarreled with
her lover and he had attacked her with a
knife and struck her In the face with his
. :■.-. i • give any particulars
assailant's name.
Holidays for the Clerks.
OAKLAND, .1 . • '1 this
fterno I reel 'hat all of the
leadir>: grocerj ston - had agreed t<
from Saturday night till Wedni
mornine of the Fourth of July week, pn>
vid.d they could get the consent ol
branch of a Sar. Fi m. An ef
fort is beii ■ have business of all
kinds suspended for three days, as it must
bo Sunday ;mrl Tuesday. At this time it
looks as though the movement would sue
. . cd.
Insufficient Instructions.
OAKLAND, June z : ,. -The passing of
sentence upon Dr. Clarence M. Selfridge
foi crui Ity to animals was postponed un
til July SI this morning in Judpe Ells
worth's court. The defendant's attorney
nii.-wl a technical onjectiun regarding the
Instructions given the jury, which caused
the delay. No instruction bad been given
the jury as to whether th* fast driving
complained of had been d^ne outside the
city of Oakland.
Musicians Elect Officers.
OAKLAND, Juno 23.— Local union No. 33
nf the National League of Musicians of
the United Stares, being the Alameda
County Musicians' Union, baa elected the
following officers: President. H. .1. M<--
Kirn; vi. •• president, R. 11. Hipkins; Bec
r^'tary. B. C. Fabrique; treasurer, B. X
Webb; directors— W. H. Bain, j. Laugh
iin. N. 11. Brown, H. Leber and L
Brutcby.
■ » ■
Sues for a Big lee.
OAKLAND. June 23.— Henry Miller has
filed suit i: Sonoma ( ounty against the
of Priscilla Wilson to recover
(10,150. He alleges thai this amount is due
for bcai services rendered and money
paid out at her request and for her bene
fit. The plaintiff was attorney for the de
ceased and her husbaud for years.
. ♦ .
Brief Items of Interest.
OAKLAND. June 23.— Mrs. <;ussio Fu- !
gH-<rist, a popular musician of this city. I
and her husband, Julius A. Crist, hive
agreed to disagree , and will hereafter live
apart. Such was the announcement madi
by Mr. Crist to-day. He declares .hat I
there will be no divorce, but hat being nn
able to agree upon anything else they |
agreed upon this move.
Auditor Breed announces that ho will
draw no more warrants on th<- City '
Treasurer until the City Council i :k.-3
some action providing for their pawnent. ]
The city funds are exhausted for the !
present fiscal year.
The Pacific Coast Holiness Association
will hold its seventeenth annukl camp
meeting in Beulah Park, East Oakland,
commencing Thursday of next week.
Supervisor John Mitchell returned to- ;
day from the Yost-mite, aft^r a thr-:
weeks' visit with his family. He ha* lost
twenty pounds weight through the heat:
and walkine.
John' C. Forbes has brought a suit to !
• r |3f>oo from liatilda Henderson
loaned by the Pacific Baptist Theological
Seminary. It is secured by a mortgage
upon property on Twenty-first street.
The choir of the First M. E. Church was
given a "trolley' 1 party to-night by J. C.
Hill, the leader pro tern. Refreshments |
were served and both vocal and insrru- j
mental music were rendered en route.
Th.> body of Howard Atwater, who was j
drowned near Antloch Wednesday, was
brought home to-day. At the Inquest held
last night a verdict of accidental drown
ing was returned.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, SATURDAY, JUNE 24, 1899.
ANTI-TREATING CLUB
IS FORMED IN NILES
OAKLAND OFFICE SAN* FRANCISCO CALL. POS BROADWAY, June
23.— Dr. G. F. Chalmers, the "Mayor" of Niles and a popular physician
of that place, has undertaken a novel crusade and has met with most
pronounced success. The doctor has never been a temperance lecturer
and has always enjoyed a "treat" with his friends. Recently he called Bev
eral of "the hoys" together and conferred with them regarding the feasibil
ity of quitting the treating habit. A score of the most prominent merchants
of Niles agrreed with the doctor that it was foolish, expensive and tended
to produce had habits.
The following pledge was drawn up and is now being circulated,
the merchants having formed themselves into the Niles Anti-Treating So
ciety, with Dr. Chalmers as president:
We, the undersigned citizens of Nil?*, Pal., and members of the N'iles Anti-
Treating Society, do solemnly pledge ourselves not to drink with, or smoke, at the
expense of any member of this society, and further agree not to ask or solicit any mem
ber of this order, whose signature appears herewith, to join us in either a social smoke
or drink. We agree, each and all, to abide by the foregoing, on our honor as gentle
men, for a term of six months from date.
Nlles, Cal., June 20.
Among the signers are: Dr. M. R. Sneden, druggist; E. C. Schleuter,
butcher; John Briscoe, grocer; A! Parsons, assistant station agent: \Y. H.
Champion, farmer: W. H. Hunt, orchardlst: T. 11. Tyson and Frank Nunes.
It has been suggested that December 20— five days before Christmas— ls a
very diplomatic* date for the pledge to expire.
IMPATIENT
FIRECRACKER
MADE TROUBLE
Premature Fourth in
a Big Store.
DESTROYED MUCH PROPERTY
WATER QUICKLY WINS IN A
FIGHT WITH BOMBS.
♦
Assistant Chief Lawton Has a Nar
row Escape From Flying Mis-
Isiles — Insurance Men
Are Satisfied.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 23.
Some Impatient firecrackers in a store
at Washington and Ninth streets opened
up the 4th of July celebration in this city
to-day, and for some time threatened the
destruction of a large business block.
Th»- st. ire contained Immense quantities
reworks, and when the alarm was
turned In the whole Mock w;is a mass of
smoke and for a long distance rould be
heard the cracking, bursting and shoot
ing of innumerable crackers, bomb-;, tor
-. red devils and all other inventions
that an necessary to celebrate Independ
ence day.
Th«> Fire Department lost no time in
gettine to the scene, no difficulty being
. ■•:; . ri< n< ed In determining the exact lo
n of the fire. For several minutes
the cannonading ki=-pt up, and after one
i engine was exhausted Chief Hall
ed thai the ftre whs too threatening
to tight without water. A stream was
turned "ii and the large notion store was
Boon out of danger, the damage. i"-inic
n< .! to that section that was stocked
with fireworks.
The activity the fireworks displayed
while tumbling int.' the burning mass at
tracted everybody i ir half a mile around,
and the exhibition pyrotechnics was
■ l Into. the street by the firemen who
packi I out bo: exploding torpedoes
and firecrackers. Assistant Fire Chief
Lawton had a very narrow escape from
being struck on the head by a large iron
pot. It was hung up In front •■! a case
of torpedoes. The whole case went u;> at
-•in the pot flying across the
store, the handle tearing a hole in the
■ lire hat.
No one known how the fire started. The
clerks in th Btore were first attracted
to it by seeing a ! it of firecrackers in the
r> ar exploding themselves. A few sec
onds later the rear "i the store resem
bled the hej^hT.-; f gan Juan and
sulphur and smoke and Hying m -
drove everybody out. The firecrackers
were simpij bursting with patriotism and
off they went. This little exhibition will
probably cost the Insuiance companies a
couple of thousand dollars. When the tire
was over, J. S. Naismith, wno carried a
large part of the risk, congratulated Chief
Ball on the manner In which the dan
gerous lire bad be< n handled and on the
small amount of goods damaged com
pared to what mieh;. have been sacrificed
by an Incompetent chief.
GARDEN THIEF REAPPEARS.
He Eludes the Vigilance of the Ala
meda Police.
ALAMEDA, Juno 23.— The thief who has
b( - n despoiling the flower gardens of Ala
meda, carrying away wagon loads of
choice plants, vases, garden ornaments
and everything else movable, has made
liis reappearance. His description lias
been given to the police repeatedly, and
the inability of the detectives to appre
hend him has resulted in severe comment.
A few days ago the premises of William
Pettes, 12M Lafayette street, were visited
and two valuable jardinieres and a num
ber of potted plants taken. Th<> theft was
reported to the police and they promised
to make an Investigation. The detectives
got no clew to the offender until this
morning, whir. E. Spencer, 867 Cedar
eet, reported that his front yard had
been stripped during the night and noth
ing was left of his ueautifu! flower gar
den but the holes in the earth, where the
plants and shrubs had grdwn.
The police promised again to continue
th^ir Bearcfa for the culprit. Detectives
Dennis Welch and Joseph Lawrence have
been detailed on the case.
The thief is apparently in ignoranco of
the exlstenci of the Alameda police force,
fur each successive j"b is nearer the- City
Hall, and it is expected that the next raid
will be mode mi ihe (garden surrounding
th> municiDal buildings
GRAHAM SAYS HE DID IT.
Soaked His Mother-in-Law to Make
Her Change Her Clothes.
ALAMEDA, Juno 23.— Daniel Graham,
who, with his wife, is charged with par
boiling his mother-in-law, appeared be
fore Recorder St. Sure this morning and
pleaded not guilt>. \Vhen Mrs. Graham
learned that, her mother had taken steps
to secure her arrest she was prostrated.
She lost consciousness, and for some
hours her condition was critical. She was
too Blck to-day to appear in court. The
cases will not be set for trial until she
rectn 1 rs.
Graham, who is an ex-sea captain, now
artinits that he "hosed down" his mother
in-law on one occasion, but claizna that
he had the best intentions in doing no.
According to his version, the old lady was
Btubborn about changing hrr apparel
when he thought shr had worn it long
1 nough, and to force her to put on new
raiment he got her into the back yard
and soaked her with a stream from the
garden hose.
When she was wet through she was
compelled to change her clothing for her
own comfort, and the son-in-law hud won
a victory.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. June 23.— The Blue and
Amber Whist Club met yesterday at the
home of Misses Edith and Alice Ellery,
1506 Morton street. About twenty-five
members attended. Mrs. C. L. Wood won
lirst r'ize and the second went to Mrs. L.
H. Blssell.
Company G, National Guard of Califor
nia, will hold Its annual outing on Sunday
at Lake Chabot.
DEATH GIVES
I. L. REQUA
A CHILLY CALL
Thrown Heavily by a
Runaway.
SEVERELY CUT ON THE HEAD
- ♦ . —
THE SHOCK MAY PROVE TO BE
FATAL.
Accident Occurred Yesterday Morning
Near the Nurses' Home Which
Was Recently Founded by
Mrs. Requa.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 23.
Isaac 1.. Requa, president of the Central
Pacific Railroad Company, was thrown
fp.rn his buggy this morning and bus
tained some severe but not necessarily
b< rious injuries. .Mr. Requa wa? driving
to Oakland from his home in Piedmont.
A Bhort distance ahead of him Colonel
and Mrs. Long. Mr. Requa's daughter,
\\>tv being- driven by a coachman.
When passing Keller's nursery Colonel
and .Mrs. Long saw a horse attached
to the empty, broken buggy of her
father dash past. Hastily turning
they found .\lr. Requa being as
sisted by two men to rise from the road.
His head was cut and he said he had
sustained a si vere shock. He was taken
to the Fabiola Nurses' Home, the insti
tution which has been recently opened
by the efforts largely of Mrs. Requa.
An examination of -Mr. Requa' 8 injuries
showed that no bones were broken, but
that he had met with a badly lacerated
scalp, a cut over the eye, three bruised
ribs and a Bevere shock to his nervuus
system.
The Imisc being driven by Mr. Requa
stumbled, and a moment later started off
suddi nly at a rapid gait and ran into an
electric light pole. Mr. Requa was thrown
out a distance of fifteen feet and lande I
on his head. Being a man of heavy build
and of advanced age tin shuck was v-ery
great, and f"i some hours serious fear's
were entertained. A flna) ;h<irough ex
amination by the family physician, Dr.
Ltliencrantz, however, convinced him
that Mr. Reaua was not seriously tn-
Jured. This evening he was able to b^
:• moved to his home. Mrs. Keqna, who is
at Castle Crag, left fur her home this
afternoon.
Frank Kelly, one of the men who as
sisted Mr. Kequa to rise, says it was one :
of the worst runaways he ever saw "Wo
saw a biißpy coming violently toward us
its driver sawing and trying to curb the
horse," said he. "As he came opposite
yonder electric pole on the opposite side
of th- road the horse shied into it and !
then shot clear of both buggy and har- i
ness and ran down the road to Rohan's
blacksmith shop, where, we are told, h«
was stopped on the sidewalk.
"The driver at the moment of the col
lision with the electric pole, was pitched
out over the dashboard, striking appa
rently exactly on the top of hrs head. j
When we: reached him he was trying to j
rise, and we were helping him when his ■
people came up. We expected to find him :
dashed to pieces, and were surprised to
hear him speak, saying. 'Oh, my,' or
something like that."
The horse driven by Mr. Requa is a
very fractious animal, and a few days ago I
ran away while Colonel and Mrs." .Long j
were driving .
VOGT CASE NOT ENDED.
An Appeal From Judge Edgar's De
cision to Be Taken.
BERKELEY, June 2X— Attorneys Chap
man and Cllft of Oakland and Judge
Edgar of the Berkeley Justice Court had
a disagreement this morning over a point
of law in the rase of Henry W. Vogt,
and as a result the Oakland attorneys
will pot out a writ of mandate to bring
the case before the Superior Court for
review.
Vogt came up before Judge Edgar last
week on a charge of battery upon Patrick
O'Neill. O'Neill is over seventy-three
yearn of ago. residing on Acton street
To the satisfaction of the court it was
shown that Vogt had assaulted the old
man in a most cowardly manner and
Judge Edgar ordered him to appear for
sentence. As Vogt failed to put in an
appearance on the date set Judge Edgar
declared his bail forfeited. His attorn°ys
filed notice of :> notion asking that the
order be vacated and this morning they
were present in court to argue in its be
half. Judge Edgar's denial of the motion
led to a long legal discussion, at the con
clusion of which the Judge adhered to his
decision. Attorney Clift entered an ex
m and declares that he will ask for
a writ of mandate.
JUMPS INTO THE BAY.
Frank Johnson, a Laborer, Tries to
Commit Suicide by Drowning.
OAKLAND, June 23.— Frank Johnson,
a laborer. 46 years of age. attempted to
commit suicide this afternoon by jumping
from the ferry steamer while on its way
from San Francisco on the 4:45 o'clock
trip. Johnson is a laborer out of em
ployment, and being without friends or
relatives In the State and becoming dis
couraged, he essayed to end his exist
ence. He was rescued by the boat's crew
and brought to this city, where he was
treated at the Receiving Hospital. He
declined to state to-night whether he
would make another attempt to end his
existence.
Too Much Mother-in-Law.
OAKLAND, June 23.— Antone Fritz a
Pan Francisco barber, was arrested ' to
day on complaint of his mother-in-law
Mrs Annie Daly of 551 Twenty-fourth
street. She charges him with disturbing
the peace. He asserts that Mr?. Daly's
interference has broken up his home and
driven his wife to drink.
Cunniff Declared Insane.
OAKLAND, June 23.— Frank Cunniff
was sent to Agnews this afternoon by
Judge Ellsworth. He believes himself to
be very prominent in politics and says
that he will be president of the United
States in about eight years, but thinks
Dewey should be honored first.
SEEKING FOR
A NEW BRAND
OF CABBAGE
Annual Agony of the
Board of Works.
MR. SNOW ON UMBURGER
GEORGE CARLTON TO TASTE
DEADLY DRUGS.
Mr. Dow Will Inspect the Soap for
Prisoners and Mr. Clement the
Axle Grease and Horse
Pills.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. June 23.
The rooms of the Board of Works now
resemhle a cheap John store. There is a
little of everything on exhibition from
limburger cheese to horsecombs, while a
few cabbage, lumps of coal and samples
of sulphuric acid are placed in one cor
ner.
When the Mayor entered the office this
morning he did not understand why the
extra tables had been built and such a
conglomeration of commodities were on
view, until he recollected that bids are
DOW AND THE LIMBURGER.
now invited to supply the City Prison, the
City Hall, the School Department, Fire
Department. Police Department and all
the offices with all the matt-rial they may
need for the year commencing July 1.
"This is the most ticklish job I have
struck yet," said the Mayor. "One needs
to be many kinds of an expert to do jus
tice to all the merchants who want to sell
goods to the city. I know but little of
sulphuric acid, and less of blankets for
prisoners. As to potatoes, cabbage and
unions, I feel at home, having for years
been in the commission business. I also
know a little about chickens, but I see
that no chickens are supplied to the pris
oners."
The Mayor took up a little package
very carefully ami called to Secretary
Jnckson to come and open it. The secre
tary has spent mmh or his life in the
mines, and is not easily upset. The little
package, which the Mayor viewed with
suspicion, was the loudest thing on ex
hibition. It almost talked. But every
thing was explained when the secretary,
after a good long sniff, said "limburger."
Monte Clement, the City Engineer, is
better posted on samples of mini from
J,ake Mtrritt than on soap, and he face
tiously remarked that this department of
the samples be referred to Mr. Dow. Th"
engineer, however, is quite willing to fin
ally pass on the merits of axle grease and
the currycombs.
A few small bottles were handled with
great care. They were samples of some
drugs required for the prisoners and tho
horses in the Fire Department.
Not long ago| a special flume was con-
CLEMENT AND THE CAB
BAGE.
' structed from the City Prison to the fresh
i air for the purpose of carrying off the
! objectionable odor of the cabbages that
are fed to the prisoners three days each
week. So offensive w.*re these cabbage
days that the Board of Works and the
I Police Commission arranged their sched
ule of meetings bo as not ti> be in session
i when the prisoners were bt-ing banqueted
with kail broth. The three Commission
ers are therefore very anxious that the
' cabbages to be supplied .the next year
! shall he more tame than those now in
! use. The Mayor, the City Engineer and
1 the City Attorney have each taken pos
] session of the samples of cabbage to be
I tested in their own kitchens. It has been
: decided to have a special report on cab
■ bages with a supplementary report by the
I city chemist, who has been instructed to
analyze the fumes arising from the boil
ers. It 1b expected that all samples will
have been tested so that the board at
next woek's meeting can award the con
tract.
HALF THE SHE
OF COLUMBIA'S
GREAT DISPLAY
The Paris Exposition
Small but Fine.
ONLY THE BEST DESIRED
— — ♦ —
COMMISSIONER RUNYON TELLS
OF HIS EASTERN TRIP.
All Exhibits and Each Exhibitor Will
Receive the Same Consideration
at the Hands of the Jury
of Awards.
Paris Commissioner E. W. Runyon, who
has returned from his visit to Commis
sioner General Peck, was received most
cordially. He found the Commissioner
General, as well as the heads of the dif
ferent departments, very enthusiastic
over the large appropriation that Califor
nia has made; knowing that the products
of this State arc such as to make a very
much better exhibit than probnbly any
other State in the Union.
It is the commissioner's idea to make a '
Californlan exhibit in the departments of !
agriculture, horticulture, viticulture, ir>in
bag, forestry and fishing. On acount of the i
large appropriation made by California,
Commissioner Peck cabled the French au
thorities as to wheth-T we could have the
privilege of putting up a State building in
which to have a collective exhibit. The j
return cable came from i'aris to the I f
fect that the exposition was to be not an
interstate but an Internationa] capital ex- I
hibition, and no Stat> would have ■ col
lective exhibit. Should we have been given
this privilege, however, we would not
have had the time to send our California j
woods to I'aris and erect a suitable build- '
Ing. After carefully looking over the situ
anon the commissioners thought it much i
more desirable to exhibit the products of
California in competition with those of ■
the world, which means that we will have
our different exhibits together with those
of the world; yet the catalogue will give !
credit to the different countries. States
and individuals from which the exhibits .
have come.
The Honorable F. J. V. Skiff will have
charge of the mining exhibit: Professor!
Charles Richard Doage of Washington,
D. C. has charge of agriculture, viticul
ture and horticulture; Hon. Williard A. i
Smith of Chicago will lock after trans
portation; Dr. Tarleton H. Bean Is di
rector of forestry and fisheries. All of the I
gentlemen named assure us that Califor- !
nla will be given sufficient space for its
different exhibits, and all of the gentle
men are anxious that we should make as i
large an exhibit as possible and assun us
that every consideration will be shown ;
our State.
The exposition will open April 15. 1900, j
and closes November 5 of the same year. I
The grounds are located in the center of
Paris, on the banks of the river S<=ine.
and include 136 acres. This is efjnal to
less than one-half of the area occupied by
the Columbian Exposition at Chicago, but .
it fs the purpose of the exposition not to |
have large displays but of the very best.
By the comprehensive system of ,<ihel
ing." which will be adopted, the name and
address of the contributor <>r exhibitor
and the locality from which the specimen
was derived, will always appear, .mc l , in
the case of State or ether association ex
hibits, special descriptive placards, neatly
framed, will be conspicuously p>aced in or
upon the case in which such exhibits are
installed in order that the contributor
shall derive the fullest beneiit from the
exhibit.
Every exhibitor will receive the same
consideration From the jury of awards as
though he were exhibiting on a space al
lotted to him as an Individual and cover
ing many tquare feet *n area.
The Hon. H. J. Rodders, director of edu
cation, is expected to visit California
within a few days. Professor Dodge will
also have two representatives from the
Kast some time during the month to con
fer with the California eommi.-sioners re
garding erbibit— agriculture, viticulture
and horticulture.
WILL ELECT DELEGATES.
Forty-Third District Assembly Demo-
cratic Club Adopts Resolutions.
It was shortly after 8 o'clock last night
when Presld* nt James J. Fagen rapped
for order and thr members of the Forty
third District Assembly Democratic Club
got down to work. There was a large
attendance and much pent-up enthusiasm,
which found a vent in numberless mo
tions, substitutes, calls for the previous
Question and points of order. That the
meeting passed off so successfully was
due to the vigorous and continual pound
ing of the gavel by President Fagen. As
a member of the club remarked, if the
gavel bad been a bat instead of a small
hammer. Mr. "Napoleon" Fagen would
have scored a dozen home runs.
The committee on platform, at its own
request, was given another week in which
to draft a set of by-laws for the
The special committee appointed to s<
members for the executive committee re
ported that owing to the fact that every
body In the club desired to be upon the
executive committee it. the special com
mittee, had found its tasK too difficult of
solution and asked to be discharged, and
the request was granted. Upon motion
of William Abbott, an advisory commit
tee was appointed to take the place of
the executive committee. The following
members of the club were placed on the
committee: William Abbott, Samuel Fly
shaker. G. Somerset, J. J. McGuire and '■
William Finnigan. upon motion, the en
rollment committee was abolished and it
was decided that the president shall ap- |
point a committee of ten. two from each
district, to secure new members fof the
club.
Resolutions were adopted providing for
tlae manner of electing delegates to the
municipal Democratic convention.
The club was addressed by Porter Ashe,
George Cabaniss, J. J. Barrett, W. H.
Humphries and Robert Mann Jr.
IDA LOVENTHAL'S MURDER.
Woman Killed by Some Person Un
known to the Coioner's Jury.
A Coroner's jury yesterday in the mat
ter of the inquest on the body of Mrs. Ida
Hose I-uventhal returned a verdict to the
effect that sin- came to her death from
an incised wound on the right eht-pk in
flicted with a sharp instrument in the
hands of some party or parties unknown.
W. J. Mochel, a private in Company X
Eighteenth Infantry. U. S. A., was present
at the inquest in custody of a polio- offi
cer. He declined to make any statement.
The testimony was to the effect that Mo
chel while in a private box with tl> •:■ -
ceased in the Campfire dance dive on
Kearny street, between Washington and
Jackson, got into an altercation with her.
When one of the waiters, J. Clifford,
ran into the room he saw the woman
lying on the lounge and Mochel striking
her on the head with a beer bottle, for the
contents of which he had just paid a dol
lar. The waiter wrenched the bottle out
of Mochel'a hands and broke it upon the
soldier's head. Mochel escaped from the
saloon, hut was caught within a Oiock by
Policemen Thomai K. FTlnn and Mc-
Grayan and Special Officer Tannian and
Daggctt. No knife was found on the
prisoner or anywhere along his path of
flight.
The medical testimony was that the
fatal wound could not have been inflicted
with an unbroken beer bottle and that a
knife must have been used.
WELLS RUNNING DRY.
Visitacion Water Company Will Soon
Be Unable to Supply Patrons.
The Yisitacion Water Company has no
tified Its patrons that it may not lip able
to continue to furnish them with water
owing- to its wells running dry. The
trouble is all due to the draught of last
year, the effects of which are now being
shown in the low stage of water in the
artesian wells from which the company
pumps its water.
The works of the company are located
in South San Francisco, and by keeping
the pumps going night and day the wells
are now made to produce sufficient -vat or
to meet the needs of the 3CO customers
residing in the Mission. Potrero. Butchr-r
town and South San Francisco. But this
entails greal • \i>ense. and. moreover, it is
■ ! will exhaust the capacity of the
wells within a short time. Hence the no
tli • to the consumers wni< h has been sent
n order thai they may have sufficient
time to make other arrangements.
The Viiltacion • mpai endeavored to
purchase water From the Spring Valley
Company, but their efforts In this direc
tion Failed to mi et with it la
probable thai additional artesian wells
will be sunk hut they ran hardly hp made
available in tim< to furnish the necessary
relief this
CITY HALL BONDS.
The Last Payment to Be Made on
July 1.
Tn a few days the la-t bond for the con
struction of the City Hall will havi
id. the last payment :>f Ini
made, a small surplus remaining in the
sinking fund will be transferred V
>;• ■::• ral fund and the hug> structure,
which has required more than a Quarter
of a century to erect, and has cos; tho
taxpayers over $5,000,000, will stand oom
ph ted and flee from indebtedness. The
Finance Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors met yesterday and recommend
ed that the transfers asked for by the
Treasurer be made, which will close up
the City Hall fund, with a small surplus
i" be turned im.i the general fund. Fol
lowing is the communication of Treasurer
Truman:
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors. City
and County of San Francisco — Gentlemen:
There is in the treasury to the credit of th»
Finking fund City Hal! construction bonds.
13798 72; coupons City Hall construction bonds.
12355 77, making a total to pay. interest and
bonds, (11,154 49. There are unpaid twenty
bond! of $500 each, due June 1, 1899. $10,000.
and interest unpaid, due July 1, 1599, $300; total
to pay, $10.. W.
I respectfully as-k you to authorize m<? to
transfer from the coupon account to. the sink
ins fund City Hall construction bond account
$1201 28. This will enable me to pay the bonds
due. and after paying the bonds and coupons
outstanding will leave in the coupon City Hall
construction bond account a surplus of $554 49,
which can be transferred to the general fund,
as all the bonds and coupons for City Hall con
struction will have been paid, Yours very
truly. I. J. TRUMAN, Treasurer.
There Was No Abduction.
OAKLAND, June 2:'..— Honry ("haso, the
old man who was arrested for the alleged
abduction of little Aupvinr Walter, will be
released. The stnry told by Mrs. Wittholl
was a fairy yarn, narrated to account for
her absence during a whole day from
home.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
hfc^ Steamers leave Broadway
!ft£j3r»«w. whnrf, San Francisco:
J£w*s32ai^. Fur Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
I l^^tStea*^ June 15 - 20 - :3 - 30: Ju!7 • '
I vK lEi%l change at Seattle.
' SJE&ilfiW «1 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
1 iMWKi ■>• Port Townsend. Seattle.
lr^§lsHisa Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
t3 tnP| and New Whatcom (Wash),
10 a. m., June 15. 20. 25. 30;
: July 5. and every fifth day thereafter; change
lat Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to *>. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
'■ For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. June
; IS. 23, 28; July 3, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
! Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota Sarta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro, Ka*t San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
i Newport, 9 ;•. m.. June 1". 21. 25, 29; July 3.
i and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
i ford (San Luis Oblsno). Santa Barbara. Port
; Los Angeles ana Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
i m., June 13. 19, 23, 27; July 1. and every fourth
| day thereafter.
'• For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
j The company reserves the right to change
I without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of Falling.
TICKET OFFICE — New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE *' 2 First Clas* lnclndlne Berth*
IAnC SS Second Cla*=« and Meals.
Columbia Fails June 22: July 2, 12. 22.
State of California sails June 17. 27; July 7.
17. 27. . '
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
■ Helena and all points In the Northwest.
; Through tickets to nil points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
530 Market street.
I GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
, AMERICAN LINH.
wyw TORE. SOUTHAMPTON. LOSDOS. PA*IV
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Even- Wednesday, 1" a. m.
St L«uls July ■ f"Jew York August 2
New York July 12 St. Louis August 9
St. Paul July 19 Pt. Paul August 18
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp-
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington July rlAdria July 2"?
Noordland July 1" Pouthwark ..August 2
Friesland July 19jWe.«ternland ...Aug. 9
EMPIRE LINE.
€tfmtt : '. St. MUhajf. Dnvv^o-. <~:*
j For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for
| YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanehai. and
' connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MART Tuesday. June :?
AMERICA MART' Saturday July 22
: HONGKONG MART] Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
! freight and passage apply nt company's office,
421 Market Ft., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
fMfasjß)«||4| The S. P. Australia
lEjnHir ™ !1 " for Honolulu
IgnilO* Monday. July 3. at 2
fL^S"^~\^\ S. P. Mariposa sails
JSfoMffiMlint) via Honolulu and
Q)lW!IIJIIiy Auckland for Sydney
fsmFffll?"~ Wednesday. July 12.
VyjIIfJUIICI at in p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
! Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez.
' England, etc.: $810 first class.
i I D. SPRECKELS&BROS.CO..Agts., 114 Montgomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
COMPAONIE GENERAL? TRANSATLANTIQUS. .
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. rjfr.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <±AA**£?
from Pier 42. North River, foot of "V^V
Morton st LA GASCOGNE. July 1: LA.
. CHAMPAGNE. July S: LA NORMANDIE. July
1-Tla BRETAGNE. July 22; LA GASCOGNE.
1 July 29. First-class to Havre. JR." and upward.
1 i 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-class
'• to Havre 145: 10 per cent reduction on round
' trip GENERAL AGENCY FOR TNITI.I.
STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broadway <Hud-
' j son building). New York. J. J. FUOAM &
■ CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye..
San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
i NEW YORK-PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
' TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK- LONDON— HAMBURG.
' Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE. 37 Broadway. New York.
, HERZOG *• CO.. Gen Agents Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome. and
118 Montgomery St.. Pan Francisco.
! BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
I STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
! dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday exoepted). Regular steamers
. leave Washington-street wharf at £ p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 803.
FOR 0. S. RAYY-YARO AND VAILEJQ.
Steamer "Montlcello."
HON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thur*. and Sat. at 9:45
! a, m.. 3:15, S:3O p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
, days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8
I p. m. Landing and office. Mission street Dock.
' Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE ■ ■■ 50c.
y""~1v Dr, Gibbon Dispensary*
>&$» 625 KEAR.M' ST. Established
HrlCjHB '" S3 "-' for the treatment of Private
JH 1k Wi I>is«>HS< i fi, Lost ilanhodd Debility or
SJwSmW disease wouringon body and mind ana
OmHH Skin Diseases. Tbedoctorcureswhsn
?«6<SEll others fell. Try him. Ctisir*es low
CnrfiitMaiaptcfd. CnllorwriKi,
2»r. J. ¥• WIBBOKi Box 1957. 5 ac Francisco
1112
TRIES TO END HIS
LIFE WITH A RAZOR
William Seiter, While Temporarily Insane, Seriously Wounds
Himself Before the Weapon Is Wrested From
Him by His Wife.
WII.T.IAM BEITER, who keeps a restaurant at 132fi Polk street, at
tempted to cm himself open with a razor early yesterday morning
while mentally unbalanced through a series of misfortunes. He was
> ki n to the Receiving Hospital in the patrol wagon, and Dr. Tormey
ed and dressed six wounds in his abdomen which he had Inflicted with
B i izor. Two of the wounds, which are In the shape of a cross, are long and
Jeep, but ]>r. Tormey did not think they would prove dangerous.
has b( • ii a sufferer from consumption for the past three years.
._■•• he and his family cam) here from Sacramento, and soon
ward his troubles commenced. He went Into a deal for the purchase of a
saloon and dropp ■'. $600. Six months ago his stepdaughter. May Matson, 15
years of ace. of whom he whs passionately fond. died. A week ago he pur
. restaurant on l*o!k street, and a day or two later some one stole
■ i the till.
All these misfortunes and others preyed on his mind and. combined with
his long sickness, made him despondent. On Thursday night he acted queerly
and i told his wife that it would be better if they would all die to
be with May. Mrs. Setter tried to soothe him. and he fell asleep.
V ;terday morning, between 5 and 6 o'clock, while Mrs. Setter was In the
ukfast, Setter, who was in bed, took a razor and slashed
\ times. His stepson, John Matson, a boy 12 years of age,
siw him. and ran into the kitchen and told his mother. Together they hur
ried Ini Iroom and wrenched the razor from Scitor.
Owing* to the condition of his mind he will probably I>*» examined by the
this morning, although his wif<? is anxious to take
where by kindness and attention he may recover from his weak
balanced state.
TO LOOK INTO
CONTRACTS AND
MINT CHARGES
Treasury Official on
Special Duty.
St cretary of the Treasury F.
A. Vanderlip is a guest at the Palace,
wh*>rf he arrived yesterday fr"m Reno,
■i. rlip cornea to this city
principal^ ur of Inspection, but
whi!-- : ■■•■• h< will form one of a board
to • x;iniin>- into the matter of
tract for the stone to be
tion of the new Postofflce
build tnber of Eastern contract
ors have submitted bids, as well as several
< "alifornia firms.
The way things looked at Hrst, it seemed
iih it the coveted contract would he se-
R Gra nil c < 'ompany.
Ellis & Co., an Eastern tlrm. however,
Id and made such ;i fight
for the prize that the tide turned and the
prize seemed destined to go their way.
Then it was charged that the stone to be
furnished by the wise men from the East
. ned Iron, and the Treasury Depart
ment ordered an Investigation to be made
by a hoard composed of Assistant Secre
tary Vanderlip. Superintend! -it Roberts
and Dr. Whitehead, a Treasury Depart
ment chemist.
When se Ly Mr. Vanderlip said
he had as yet received no direct commun
ication from the Treasury Department in
reference to the matter, but was await
ing the arrival of Dr. Whitehead. Dr.
Whitehead came In on last night's over
land and registered at the Grand. He
had nothing to say, as nothing definite
will be done until after the Informal meet
•■: the board which is to take place
this m irning.
in addition to looking into the matter
of the stone contract, Mr. Vanderlip will
make an Inspection of the Mint and many
Importani changes an expected to take
place as a result of his visit.
He will also investigate the matter of
- .-s for assaying; and very likely a
reduction will be mad.-. The mint charges
NEARLY WENT ON POINT ARENA
The French bark Amiral Troude had a narrow escape Thursday morning. She was on her way here
from Australia and in a dead calm drifted down on Point Arena. A lucky streak of wind came along just in
time and gave her the necessary offing before it died down again. The Amiral Troude arrived yesterday.
1 of this city are considerably higher than
they are at any of the other branch
United Sfc tea Mints, in some cases the
difference amounting to nearly 50 per
cent.
If thp expected reduction in charges
come to pass it will be hailed with
j delight by returning Klondikers, private
assay offices and all others doing busi
: n< -s in that line.
STRUCK AT THE OFFICER.
An Angry Crowd Threatened to At
tack Policeman Ryan.
Thomas Masterson, a young man. went
into a butcher shop at Sixth and Brannan
streets last evening and stole a knife,
which he secreted in his clothing. Police
man James Ryan followed Masterson as
he left the shop and placed him under ar
rest. He marched the fellow to the near
est patrol box, and while he was ringing
in for the wagon Henry Klein, alias Nick
Ayres, a friend of the prisoner, attempted
to rescue Masterson from the officer.
Ryan grabbed his prisoner, and as he
did so Klein attempted to strike the po
liceman. Ryan promptly knocked Klein
down and then handcuffed him. The
struggle attracted a large crowd of men,
several of whom threatened the officer.
Cries of "Lynch him!" "Hang the
brute!" were hurled at Ryan, and tor a
time it looked as though the sympa
thizers of the prisoners were about to
make a concerted attack on Ryan. Just
then the patrol wagon reached the «cene
and the two men were hurridly driven t i
the City Prison. Masterson was charged
with petty larceny and Klein with vulgar
language and resisting an officer.
ALLEGED BURGLARS CAUGHT.
Believed to Be the Men Who Robbed
Marlow & Stoddard's Cigar
Factory.
Fred Cunningham, an ex-convict, and
Pat Murphy were arrested last night by
Detectives Ryan and ODea and locked
up in the tanks pending an investigation.
The detectives are strongly inclined to
believe that Cunningham, assisted by
Murphy, broke into Mario & Stoddard's
cigar factory at 11 Annie lane early
Wednesday morning and got away with a
large quantity of cigars and tobacco. The
burglars used a wagon to carry off their
spoils.
During the past few months the same
factory has been entered several times
and several hundrd dollars' worth of stuff
Stolen. Cunningham, it Is claimed, was
Been driving away from the scene of the
burglary shortly after the place had been
broken into. He has already served three
mis in the penitentiary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 24, 1899.
FRENCH FLEET OF
MERCHANTMEN
COMING HERE
Amiral Troude Forms
Advance Guard.
MANY NEW VESSELS BUILDING
— ♦ —
KEELS OF OCEANIC COMPANY'S
STEAMERS LAID.
Four Big Schooners for the Coast
Trade Nearing Completion.
Troops for the Yukon
and Manila.
The French bark A 'miral Troude ar
rived from Newcastle, N. S. W., yester
day after a long passage of eighty-three
days. Light winds and calms were re
sponsible for the delay. While working
his way down the coast Captain Mace
got his vessel very close to Point Arena.
Ivuckily a friendly streak of wind came
from the right quarter and the bark was
got about and stood safely out to sea.
The Amtral Troude is the first of a
French fleet now on its way to the coast.
Two years ago a merchantman Hying the.
tricolor was a rarity In these waters, but
the flag will be seen in ever increasing
numbers from this time on. France is
now paying a heavy mileage subsidy to
its merchant vessels and in consequence
a big fleet has been built and commis
sioned during the past year. Of these
new vessels ten are on their way here
from Swansea, six from Newcastle, N. S.
W., one from Hamburg and one from
Antwerp, while three more are bound for
Pug<H Bound ports.
If the Amiral Troude made a long voy
age the American bark Kufus E. Wood
Is making a longer one. She is now out
ninety-eight days from Sydney, N. S. W.,
but may drop in any hour. Ten days ago
she was only about 700 miles off port.
The overdue British ship Eurasia was
spoken on May 10 in latitude 4 north,
longitude 28 west. The underwriters were
anxious about her ami b per cent premi
um was offered to reinsure vessel and
cargo. The Eurasia left here on Janu
ary 7 with a cargo of barley and wheat
tor England. There were 8942 centals oi
the barley and Captain Hughes consid
ered that so much of the BtufC made his
ship "under." He accordingly figured
on making a long voyage as he would
shorten sail as soon as it began to blow.
The fact that the vessel was tender prob
ably accounts for the reinsurance, for the
F. S. Ciampa that sailed two days, before
her has not arrived yet and no rein
surance has been paid on her.
Henry Peterson got off a new answer
(at Least it is new to the water front) t'>
an old question yesterday. The lulled
States cruiser Philadelphia is lying in
the stream off Peterson's boathousi and
all day long he is besieged with questions
relative to the warship. One bright
young maiden turned to him alter he had
partially satisfied her curiosity and
asked:
"Why do you always call the Philadel
phia 'she.' Mr. Peterson?"
"Because there are so many arms about
her. " answered "Pete," without cracking
a smile. The young lady asked n<> more
questions.
The officers of the United States trans
port Sheridan and the heads of the quar
termaster's department art- in a quandary.
They have the remains of two soldiers
on their hands, and whether to send them
back to Manila with the transport or keep
them here is what is bothering them.
One thing is certain, there has been gross
carelessness somewhere and In a matter
over which the greatest of care should
have been taken. The Sheridan brought
up quite a number of caskets In which
reposed the remains of volunteers killed
while lighting the battles of their coun
try. Two oi these caskets have no iden
tifying mark on them, nor is there any
thing in the ship's papers to show whose
bodies they contain. Until the authori
ties at Manila can be heard from the COf
tins will either have to remain on the
wharf here or go buck with the trans
port. If the authorities at Manila can
throw no light on the matter, then tin
bodies will have to be buried among the
"unknown dead."
The Sheridan and Valencia will pail for
Manila to-day. The former will take
away over 1300 men, while the remain. lei
of the Twenty-fourth Regiment (colored;
will leave on the Valencia. :
Hall lirus.' shipyard at Port Blakeley
has enough work on hand to keep it busy
fur a year to come. Four vessels for the
Bugar and coasting trade are now on the
stocks and will be launched during the
year. One vessel is to be a duplicate of
the schooner Mary K. Foster that ar
rived from Honolulu last Friday. She is
being built for Alien Ac Robertson ol Ho
noluiu. G. E. Billings will be managing
owner of the oilier three, all of which
will be four-masted schooners. One of
them will be called the Winslow, alter
the late Captain Hall, and will be com
manded by 1". S. Hirkholm, now of the
F. S. Redfleld. The other will be com
manded by Captain E. E. Smith, now of
the Marie E. Smith, and she will be chris
tened the William il. Smith In honor of
the captain's father. The third vessel has
not ye! been named, but she will be com
manded by Captain Rasmftssen late of
the schooner Vega. The Vega was pur
chased by C. D Lane last month and is
now on her way to St. Michael with a.
load of lumber.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
steamer St. Paul will sail to-morrow for
St. Michael with soldiers for the various
military stations on the Yukon. Colonel
Ray will be in command and about 430
soldiers all told will go on the steamer'
The members of the Press Club -tnd
their friends will have a most enjoyable
time on the bay to-morrow. The steamer
Sunol has been chartered and will l< aye
Washington street at 9:45 a. m. The Union
Iron Works and Hunters Point dryd jck
will be visited, and at 11 a. m. a lard
ing will be made at Sausalito. The ]•;,.
cific Yacht Club has given the use of its
clubhouse, and there the excursionists
will have lunch. From Sausalito the Su
nol will take the party to Army Point and
then back to San Francisco, reaching
Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
J. J. McDevltt. the popular and oblig
ing night clerk at the Merchants' Ex
change, is back again at his post. "Mac
and his friend. "Pete" Black, have been
"doing" La Honda. Peseadero, Spanish
town and other places in the vicinity.
During his vacation "Mac" gained ten
pounds in weight, and returns to his work
like a giant refreshed.
THEIR KEELS ARE LAID.
No time is being lost in the building of
the three ocean greyhouds for the
Oceanic Steamship Company. The kecld
of all have been laid in Cramp's shipyard
at Philadelphia, and March next should
see one of them in San Francisco, vhv
new boats are to be called after the coun
ties of Ventura, Sonoma and Sierra. The
keel of the Ventura was laid several days
ago, that of the Sierra was put down yes
terday and the laying of the Sonoma's
keel will be completed to-day.
The new steamers are for the San
Francisco-Honolulu- Apia-Auckland and
Sydney trade and will probably inaug
urate a fortnightly service between Cali
fornia and Australia. They are to be 'JOOO
-ton ships, with all the latest Improve
ments, and will be models of beauty, com
fort and strength.
FIRE DEPARTMENT BILLS.
Must All Be Sent In Before June 28,
Otherwise They Will Not
Be Paid.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and a request was made that
all bills against the department be sent
in on or before June 28. otherwise they
will not be paid, as the funds must come
out of the appropriation for the fiscal
year just closing.
A petition from residents in the Ingl*
side district asking for fire protection was
submitted and it was referred to Chief
Sullivan to inquire Into and report.
J. P. Goldstein, hoseman of Engine 6,
was charged with insubordination and
was found guilty and dismissed from the
department. Charles r'erguson, engineer
of Engine 11, was fined three days' pay for
leaving the engine house with only one
man in it, and Fred Sharon, engineer, and
John Blythe, driver of Engine 32, were
fined five days" pay for staying away too
long at meals and ordered to bo trans
ferred.
La Estrella's Entertainment.
The entertainment committee of La Ks
troila Parlor No. 89 of the Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West, consisting of
Miss Minnie Klevesahl, Miss Mattie Fest,
Mrs. May Hansen, Miss Madge Lessley
and Miss A. Panella, has completed all
the arrangements for the entertainment
and dance to be given in Native Sons'
Hall next Saturday evening. The princi
pal feature of the programme will be a
farce by members of the parlor. In the
past all functions of this bright parlor
have been successful, and It Is likely that
this will be no exception to the rule.
The Servian Picnic.
The Servian Montenegrin Literary and
Benevolent Society will hold its annual
picnic at Schuetzen Park to-morrow.
Boats will leave the Tiburon ferry Blip
at 9:30, 11 and 1:30 and 3 o'clock. A special
train leaving the park at 6:30 will take the
picnickers home, rhere will be loi prizes
distributed to th<-> lucky ones, and there
will be plenty of entertainment for all.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, June 23.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shuws the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
June -■>. with the percentage of in'-n-ase and
!•• rease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
Cities— Inc. Dec.
N.u Y.Tk $1,008,064,742 47.1
Boston 124,941,490 13.5
Chicago 126,168,003 23.3
Philadelphia 96,513,232 «."
St. Louta 28,686.284 12.1
Pittsburg 29.399,012 SI. B
' Baltimbre 19,999,670 23.6
! San Francisc 16.467.296 -±2. 4 ....
Cincinnati 17,363,300 L's.l ....
Kansas City 11.187,618 5.1 ....
' New Orleans 8,215,070 27.3 ....
; Minneapolis 10,924,464 66.8
j Detroit T. 513.326 23.9
Cleveland 9,883,225 27.",
Louisville 7,548,120 15.5
Providence C. ?.:>:,,;•<«> :s*.4
I Milwaukee 5.589,310 Jt;.<t
St. Paul 4.381.159 2.6
Buffalo 4,872,226 21.9
Omaha 5,618,315 4.7
Indianapolis 5.955,733 7.3
Columbus, 0 4J554.100 4r,.r.
I Savannah 3(019,302 l"'.vi
Denver 2.993,803 21.6
Hartford 8,300,740 68.1
Richmond 2. 741. mi ie.3
, Memphis 1.492,073 21.2 ....
: Washington 2.603,813 34.2
1-. ria 1,773.009 n.<
!: ■ luster 1,568.232 1.6
New Haven 1,600,188 11. i
Worcester 1.251.634 7.X
Atlanta ....' 1.444.677 3". 7
Bait Lake City 2.328,870 56.0
Springfield, Mans... 1,324,802 1.1
Port Worth 1.710,533 5.5
Portland, M>- 1,482,966 1",.4
Portland, Or 1,689,299 19.7
St. Joseph 3,453,424 1<.7
I^-'S Angeles 1,658,918 35.7 ....
Norfolk 1,255,069 38.0
Syracuse 1,144,847 11.8
Dcs Molnea 1,179,110 6.6
Nashville 1,047.543 34.:.
Wilmington. Del... 1,055,143 41 s
Fall River 645.913 1.4
Scranton 1.ix;7,377 16.4 ....
Grand Rai'ids 1,197,879 43.1 ....
Augusta, Ga *v.56,W3 1.2 4
Lowell 553.844
Dayton, O 19 27 4
Seattle 1,715,104 49.8 .'.'.'.'
Tacoma 792.657 .... 12.1
Spokane 1,173,622 f.2.1
Sioux City 992,197 2fi 5
New Bedford 4."w!670 .... iis
Knoxville, Term .. 645,678 3V4 ....
'I peka 613,322 45.6 ....
liirmiimham 586.278 45.7
Wichita 47\1:»2 6.9
Hinfrhamton 867,900 4.2 ...'.
Lexington, Ky .... 892.989 26.0
Jacksonville, Fla .. 216,69] 17.3 ...'.
Kalamazoo 406,169 32.6 ....
Akron 368,500 is. 2
Chattanooga 30n.r.-i2 10.1
Rockford, 111 808,219 2!t.4
I Canton, O 23fi,700 s7
Springfield. O 810,807 113.7
Fargo, N. D 259,086 28.3
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 135,389 31W.0
Ha tings, Neb 129.872 26.4
Fremont, Neb 122,<xi2 7H.S ....
Davenport 7';vi.v.i
Toled 2.141.1144 24.0
Galveston 5.139,000 .... 1.2
Houston 4,020,192 15.2
roungstown, O .... 290,808 !".:>
Evansville 693,954 9.7
Helena 568.828 6.7
Macon 371.000 3.7
Little nnck 812,079
SprinßnVM. 11l 417.12H
Totals, 0. S J1.615.215.955 40.2
Totals outside of
New York 610.151,213 29.2 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal ....: $ 15.420,473 U.l ....
Toronto 10,035,819 21.2
■Winnies 1.805,840 11.6
Halifax 1,181,740 10. S
Hamilton 686.409 9.2 ....
St. John, N. B 601,405 16.2
Vancouver 704. 557 .... ....
Victoria 466,218 .... ....
Totals $ 29.739.156 14.4
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL..
C X Byrne, Los An* Miss C E Robertson,
Mrs C X Byrne, L Ang Texas
W Booth. Loa An« Miss D M Robertson,
Mrs \V Booth, L Ang | Texas
J A Daprey, t: S A >F A Vanderllp. D C
W L H Hefflefltißcr, C V Rich. D C
USA A G Hay, St Louis
H \V Rowland. Liver- Mrs* A G Hay, St Louis
pool O Howard. USA
A FYnn, Liverpool G S McGrerry. Mo
F MrLaußhlln. <'al H W Keller. L An*
Mrs F McLuuKhlin, Marquis de Cham-
Cal i panne. Paris
Miss E McLaufihlln, W 1' Hammon. Cal
Cal jN Money. London
W N Ward. NY E B Howard. Cal
E "U" Runynn, Cal I A F Jones, Oroville
Mrs P Xcimeyer, N V Mrs E B Howard. Cal
R Siehert. Germany J M Rherrerd, N J
C M Hunter, Tal Mrs A F Jones, Cal
J B Burdell, Burdells (i N TarneM, Chlcnsro
■\V N Peyton. S Cruz \V H Hudson. Arizona
W it r-hickerinp;, Cal E Hayden, V S N
J Hatch, S .Ir.so H Hayden. Cal
J Wolforn, Tulare Mrs X D Baker, Scott
H B Madison. Cal Rover
J A Person, Stockton E D Martin, Winnipeg
V Johnson, Madera Hi' Friedman, Ch^o
C W Hodgson, Cal |E W Churchill, Napa
C Monroe, L Ang Ij W Chlsholm, Mo
11 H K<nnion. NY IK O Phisholm. Mo
Mrs Robertson, Texas ;F W Nolker. Mo
Miss A M Robertson, Mrs F W Nolker Mo
Texas .1 p O'Neil. Mo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F B Hacker. Manila G X Kurtz, Maine
J S Byrd, Manila C E Raymond. Cal
y E Ballard. S Rosa E P Sallamann, New
W Pousetty, Cal Enpland
W Smith, Merced S Wilson, Sonoma
W II Wise, Stockton jG Stoten, Sacto
J Thomas, Merced 18 N Smith. Dv Bolne
J Mulroy. Cal O E Martini. Spokane
P H Bray, Vermont |E C Caulden Cal
GRAND HOTEL..
M L Durbin, Napa |\V Willis. Redding
J M Morley. Mich |H C Freedman, Chgo
i J Weil. Sacto E W Gilmore, L Ang
H F Mlchell &w. Pa T II Longton, Sasto
G Schmitt. NY |T F Kelleghan, S Barb
R A Rogers. Cal <G L Praul. Chgo
VV Cook. Cal A \V Sawers. Denver
G F Detzer. Biggs B Cady. New York
T A Scott, Biggs J C Hall. Hnnfnrd
W A Moore. Benicia Mrs F Franklin. Sonora
R G Bonestell. S Mteo ! Mrs W H Aylesworth.
T S Adams. Oakland | Sonora
J Seadler. Sacto !H S Allen, Sonora
F \V Moore. Sarto N E Perry. Omaha
H J Furley, Saoto iMiss S Smith. Portland
L S Upson. Saeto .1 W Harbour. Hanford
R H Van Voorhies, Sac IP Mcßae. Hanford
J M Anderson. Sacto IL W Klahr. Pa
C G Wilcox. Visalla IE Glbbs, Multnon
C Mack, Boston IS P Poland. S Jose
B1! Buzzn. San Jose IH Malloch. Marysville
H H Harlow. Gold Gl JO D M Gaddis. Ariz
\V F Parker, L Ang IB A Carpenter & w.
Miss M Dixon. Roekwl I Texas
J Adlnff & w, L Ann JG Arnold. L Ang
Mrs J P Peek. S Rosa I Or C H Bulson. Stktn
Mrs A C Hobart. S RsaA A Smallfleld. Stktn
C H Rowell, Fresno C J Vance. Stockton
AM F McCullough.LA' A W Berry, Chgo
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o"clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgcmci." street.
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
629 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2f,26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260. F. and •
A. M.. Franklin Hall, 1839 Filhuoie #*
Third degree THIS (SATURDAY) XX
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By order/^^
of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, rSStjmUa*.
I. O. O. F. — Regular meeting ggyTgffgjg
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.
Second degree. . '"'
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M.
of California Pioneers
are requested to attend
the funeral of our late .^flSSg^fBWH
COOPER, at St. Mary's <*^r *^^*
Cathedral, corner Van Ness aye. and O'Far-
rell St.. TO-DAY (SATURDAY), June 23. at
10:30 a. m. Funeral delegation take notice.
JOHN F. PINKHAM. Marshal.
TO the Officers and Members of Divls-^-s****
lon No. 3, Ancient Order of Hibern- \T If
tans— You are hereby notified to as- 'ftv-if
semble at Hlbernia Hall. 120 Ninth C^VJg?
St., at 8 o'clock a. m. sharp, SUN- *~^2r
DAY MORNING, to attend the funeral of
our late brother, J. J. DONEGAN. White
gloves and funeral badges will be worn. Fines
for non-attendance will be strictly enforced.
Officers and members of sister divisions are
cordially invited. By order of
M. J. MANNING. President.
M. H. McCAFFERTY, Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of the «
Servian-Montenegrin L. and B. mm
Society — You are hereby re- *A&ct*
quested to meet TO-MORROW JjWjvrv s-r-,/.!
(SUNDAY) MORNING. June 25, Pfcy v fa \M
in your hall. 10 California St., {[{ffllGr'M
at 8 o'clock sharp, to march to- Kt'/ftf3\r]
gether to the ferry to our grand V^jJjKLi/
annual picnic, to be held at Njai^v"T/
Schuetzen Club Park. San Ra- "*■«"'*
fael. By order of
M. K. TASOVAZ. President.
SPIRO VUCOSAVLIEVICH, Secretary.
ISSO-IS99— GRAND annual picnic _^_
and family reunion of the Serv- ftjht)
lan-Montenegrin Literary and .._~|fT"T _
Benevolent Society SUNDAY. Bgr%nVgl
June 25. 1599, at California StEtti^
Schuetzen Club Park. San Ra- (nil l <||l
fuel Boats leave Tiburon ferry, KrfTlfjbi-l
foot of Market St., at 9:30 and 11 \a£mm»j
a. m. and 1:30 and 3:30 D. m. tß£§JP'
Special train will leave park at -wean"
6:30 p. m. Adult's ticket, round
trip. Including admission to the park, 50c.
Children's ticket, round trip, including ad-
mission to the park. 2r>c. Grand tombola,
first prize, $30 cash, and over 130 other valu-
able prizes. COMMITTEE.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES PETER FHEILING'S pile salve. Jl "per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of ' how long
standing. i^'-' Devisadero st.. near Sutter.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up:
painting done. Hnrtman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings Bank
of San Francisco. 33 Post st. — For the half
year ending June 30, 1599, a dividend has
boon declared at the rate of 3 and six-tenths
(3.6) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes, payable on and after Saturday,
July 1, 1599. GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The German Savings
and Loan Society. 526 California st. — For the
half year ending June SO. 1899, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of four (4) per
cent per annum on term deposits and three
and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable en
and after Saturday. July 1. 1899.
GEO. TOUR NY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco Savings
Union, 532 California St.. corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 30th of June,
l^f). a dividend has been declare. at the rate
per annum of four (4) per cent or term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Saturday. July 1. 1599.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. : tel. Grant 56.
SITUATIONS WANTED —
2 SCANDINAVIAN cooks, with best of refer-
ences; also Scandinavian second girl: want
Fltuations. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st.
YOUNG lady with experience in keeping ac-
counts and handling money would like a posi-
tion as cashier in restaurant or bakery. Ad-
dress box r :. Call office.
YOUNG Englishwoman, aged 28, with refer-
ences, experienced cook, waitress or house-
keeper, desires position in city or country;
lately from England. R. G., 819 Post st.
COMPETENT Eastern woman: good cook; will
do some washing: short distance in country;
neat and obliging; good reference. 270 Jessie
St., near Fourth.
SITUATION wanted by strong German. 30
years old, as Janitor, night watchman or work
in wholesale house; references. Box 4752, Call.
YOUNG girl, born here, speaks French, de-
sires situation to help in store or office; no
Sunday work. Address A. F., 249 Seventh st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by the
day; washing or house-cleaning preferred;
references. 269 Natoma st.
EXPERIENCED German hotel cook wishes
situation; city or country. Address MRS.
MILLER, 1688 Fifteenth st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houseclean-
ing, washing or ironing; handy with sewing.
2245 Mission st.
WOMAN with a boy 9 years old wishes situa-
tion In the country; small wages. Box 4791,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation In city or
country. 314 Fremont st.
WOMAN would like plain sewing and mending
to do at home. 821 Mission St., room 1.
YOUNG girl wishes a place to assist in light
housework; sleep home. Call 455 Hayes ft.
RELIABLE irlrl about 18 wishes position to
care for children, or will do light housework.
Address 41 Brady st.
NEAT young girl lately from the East wishes
a situation as nursegirl: willing and oblig-
ing. Apply 1623 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG lady wishes to do copying at home;
writes good hand. Box 4772, Call.
SWEDISH girl would like offices to clean. 531 A
Elizabeth at.
COMPETENT dressmaker in family; $1 a day
and car fare. MRS. C. 534 Lyon st.
GERMAN girl for second work and waiting;
best references. 3827 Eighteenth, nr. Church.
LADY who is a fine button hole maker and
finisher on coats wants position. Address
box 4762. Call office.
AN experienced stenographer and typewriter
wishes two hours' work in the evening; ref-
erences. R. .M. E.. 723V4 Turk st.
WANTED— By a colored woman, work in a
small family or help do housework. Call at
1608 Leavenworth st.
GERMAN woman wants a housekeeper's place
or chamber work or plain ironing In hotel;
reasonable. Box 4718, Call office.
YOUNG woman would like the care of child;
very fond of children. . Box 4764, Call office.
LADY pianist wants steady paying engage-
ment. Box 4722. Call office. . .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to Jl 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE^
CHINESE and Japanese EmP'oy me "t °ffl ce;
best help. 414U O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
STEADY and reliable man desires employment
about place; understands care of horses,
cows, etc.; handy with tools and about ma-
chinery; city or country; well recommended.
Address box 4778, Call^ofnce.
YOUNG married man wishes work of any
kind, can handle 2 to 4 horses; strong and
willing and sober; best of. references, box
475>7 Call office.
RELIABLE young man, strictly temperance,
would like position as collector or In whole-
sale house or on the road; can furnish cash
bonds as security. Box_462o._Call office.
FIRST-CLASS hardwood finisher wishes a posi-
tion. 1300 Turk st.
WANTED — Position in private family as
coachman by a first-class man; all-round;
references: can milk and take care of garden ,
well known in Oakland. Box 8124. Ca.l oflice,
Oakland^ .
SITUATION wanted by a competent man as
barkeeper or work in a wholesale house.
Box 4769, Call office.
SITUATION wanted in factory . wholesale
house or as gardener; good reference. Box
4770, Call offlct' :
SITUATION wanted by American man, tem-
perate, reliable, as janitor or night watcp-
man; references. Address G. A. b., f-lV_
Stevenson st.
HANDY young man wants work of any kind
in city or country; references. C, box -in
Call office.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
"C. R HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
Head waitress, country, $30; 2 waitresses.
Stockton, $22 50: waitress and chambermaid
to wait, Woodland, $20 each, see party here;
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz, to go to-day; wait-
ress, springs, to go to-day: 15 waitresses, dif-
ferent commercial hotels. $20; 3 chambermaids
to wait, resorts, $20; 3 women cooks, $3;,. $30
and $25: 4 fancy ironers, $30 and board; 2
fancy ironers. $10 week; 5 restaurant wait-
resses, $5 and $6 week. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
FAMILY ORDERS
Cook for 2 in family across the bay. $25, see
lady here this morning; housegirl. Eureka, $25
and free fare, see party here; working house-
keeper. Vallejo, $15, and many cooks and
housegirls city and country, $15 to $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED— 3 first-class cooks (not over 40
yean old), no wash, $30; 2 German cooks, no
wash. $30: neat laundress, $25; German nurse,
$20; second girl, $20; waitress, also pantry
girl both for the same summer resort, Santa
Cruz Mountains. $20 each; hotel waitress, $25;
waitress for institution. $20; 15 waitresses for
resorts and commercial hotels, $20; waitresses
for restaurants, $5 and $6 a week and $20 per
month We want a large number of girls for
housework for country places at $20 and $25
per month; 10 girls for housework, city, $20.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
CHA.MI:KI'.M.\in. assist wait, mountain r--
sort. $-."; waitress, summer resort, $25; cham-
bermaid, country lodging-house, $20. ML'R-
RAY & READY, 634-G36 Clay St.
COOK, small hotel. $l! 5, country'; mother and
daughter, boarding-house. $35; second girl,
Oakland. $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
RELIABLE girl to do general work for small
family at Shasta; wages 112. Apply The
Bradbury, corner California and Polk sts.,
between 11 and 1.
YOUNG lady for office assistant: good sten-
ographer and accurate at figrures. Address
with experience and references, box 4730, Call.
WANTED— A girl to work as waitress in res-
taurant. 1300 Turk st.
WANTED— 2 young ladies for quiet resort;
Eastern preferred. Box 139, Call office.
CIGAR box paster, experienced, $1 per 100. A.
P. OTTO, 226 Fremont St.
GIRL to wait on table. 122 Fifth st.
GOOD homo f.,r respectable lady; small family;
wages. 1511 Brush St., Oakland.
ONLY experienced hands on ladies' silk waists.
POWELL, S. F. Manufact'g Co., 409 A Turk.
KXi'KIUKN' F.f > shirt perators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co., 535 Market.
EXPKIUENCED girls wanted to strip tobacco.
WILLIAM LEWIS & CO.. 24 California st.
GIRL 15 to IS for light housework; family of 3;
$io to $12. 1630 Grove st.
GIRL wanted with experience, for candy store,
at 44 Fourth St.
GIRL for lltrht housework. 13R9 O'Farrell St.
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., 32 1 /. Fremont St.; apply to Mr. Davis.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup,
$2 per day and expenses paid, cash every
week. Particulars for 2-eent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrv.p Co.. San Francisco, Cal.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school: trade
thoroughly taught; satisfaction guarantee ;
terms easy: evening classes. 506 Leavenworth.
HELP WASTED-MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAINE 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
3 carpenters, sawmill and railroad company.
$3 day; 3 young men to drive butcher's, gro-
cery and bakery wagons, city and country
$15 and found
FREE FARE
$42 and found 65 miles $42 and found
12 four horse teamsters $42 and found
3 foremen, $30 and found 3 gardeners
BIG WAGES
12 common laborers, no experience. 10 hours,
$75; 12 common laborers, no experience, S
hours, $60; 26 four horse teamsters, free fare.
$4_ and found
23 laborers Government work
Men wanted for street railroads
GOLD AND SILVER MINES
?6 laborers, no experience required, anybody
will suit, wages $60, $50, $45 and $30 and
found
BLACKSMITErS— BRICKLAYERS
12 blacksmiths, borseshoers, also helpers, $3,
$2 50, $2 day, $60. $45, $50, $30 and found ; 3
stonemasons, $2 50 day: machinist; 4 brick-
layers for a mine, S4 day
..." HAY AND HARVEST HELP
124 hay and harvest hands, $2 50, $2, $1 50 and
$125 day and found
DAIRIES AND FARM HELP
9fi orchard, vineyard and farm hands for
every county In California, $30, $26, $25 and
found
3 stablemen, $r.O. ?25 and found; 30 ohoremen
and boys for ranches. $-0. $15, $10 and found..
MARRIED
4 farmers and wives $40, $35 and found
1 man and wife, wife to cook, 7 men, for
harvest crew, man to do chores about same,
$40 and found, no objection to 1 child
MURRAY * READY,
K34 and 636 Clay st.
TO-DAY
FREE FREE
26 laborers for a great sawmill company, no
experience required, anybody will do, wages
$26 and found per month and you will be ad-
vanced to different work at higher wages
ALSO
Head donkey man Log fixers
Tree fellers l.ark peelers .Tackscrewers
Spool tenders Crosscut sawyers
Woodchoppers Tiemakers
Mill bench hand Pattern-maker
Screwturners and tiO men to pile lumber
Wages $75, $70, $65, $50, $40, $35, $30 and found
ANYBODY
Can pick fruit, work in packing-houses, dig
small trenches so water can run down be-
tween vines and trees; wages $26 and found,
fare $1 25; for a California bank
WAREHOUSE WORK „
10 men for warehouse work $45 and found
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
TO-DAY FREE TO-DAY S P
COAST RAILROAD '..'....'.
Teamsters and laborers $2 and $175 day
TO-DAY FREE TO-DAY
MONTEREY VALLEY
Teamsters and laborers $2 and $175 day
TO-DAY FREE TO-DAY
To 9 other railroads
Drillers, headermen. teamsters and laborers'
$3, $2 50, $2 and $175 day Remember'
free to-day
MURRAY & READY, "
634-636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
29 cooks for hotels, boarding houses, mjnes,
ranches, harvest and hay crews, saloons'
springs, etc., $60, $50, $45, $40, $30 and $25
and found
9 second and third cooks
$40. $3* and $25 and found
WAITERS
17 waiters for hotels, springs, resorts, res-
taurants, saloons, bakeries, etc., $30 $25 and
$20 and found ,
11 dishwashers $25. $20 and $15 and found
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
IRONER and polisher. Tyler machine. $35 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
BARKEEPERS .... BUTCHERS ....BAKERS
Bartender, country. $45; assistant barkeeper,
$20 and found: 3 porters, city and country
v second hands $35 and $30 and found
3 third hands $30, $25 and $20 and found
2 first hands $4<l and found
3 butchers, shops, mines, etc., $35 and found
Laundrymen Tailor Bootblack
Pantry help, etc
MURRAY _ READY,
634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— 3 machinists; 2 blacksmith help-
ers: 2 laundrymen; 4 men handy with car-
penter tools for mine and learn timbering: 5
miners: 20 ranch teamsters; 10 milkers for
good places; 50 men for hay fields; 10 har-
vest hands; 10 men for brickyard; 5 men to
cultivate beets: 2 Scandinavians to work
about mine and learn furnace work, and 190
other men for all sorts of work
Remember all these positions pay good
wages and we positively guarantee every one
of them. We will refund office fee and pay
fare both ways to any one who falls to find
work where we send them. No other em-
ployment office gives this assurance. Come
and see us. W. D. EWER & CO., «10 Clay.
HELP WAATED-ConUnned.
'~ v ■"***-— -.- 'wv- »
\
NO OFFICE FEE
FREE FARE.
60 MEN WANTED. ■%
TO-DAY ONLY
SHIP SUNDAY
FOR SALINAS VALI FT
AND COAST RAILROAD
Laborers, Teamsters. Tunnelmen and stone- V"
masons. ™'" /
Wages, $1 75 to $3 a day
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
__ 104 'i-; v v st.
WHEELWRIGHT, $2 a day and T ~)~J^Z
washer, $50: egg candler, $40 to $50 »' mmll "
3 carpenters. $2 50 to $3 a day; forenrin f
grading camp, $3 a day; head dotikevrr-in
sawmill, $55 and found; laborers f or thi
woods, $26 and found; gardener J-\v nii'k !•
$20; 6 farmers, $1 25 a day and founA no
HANSEN & CO., 104 Gear. St. ' "•
FRENCH, Swiss or Alsatian second cnok sen
country hotel; second cook, hotel, ji',o- fry
cook, summer resort. $40; broiler. n., 2 board,
ing house cooks, $35: cook and wife hotel"
$<;.'>: cook and wife, institution, $60 and found-
cake baker, country, $40 and found- 2 thini
hands, city. $30 and found; bakers helper
$?0 and found; elevator and bell boy, with
references, $15; camp waiter. $25, free fare
Experienced head waiter, first-class country
hotel, $50 and found; waiter, country restau-
rant, $30 ami found: waiter, Santa Cru jso
and found; night waiter, country restaurant
$30 and sound. '
Washer, also sheet ironer, country hotel
$40 and found and free fare. C. R HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED— and wife, $40; fruit
farmer and wife, $50; 3 more quartz miners
$2 50 day: 75 laborers for mines; carriage
painter, $2 50 day; quarries, brick yards and
other work, $1 75. $2, $2 40 day and $30 month
and board; 20 farmers, $1 50 lay and $26 and
$30 month; milkers, $25 waeoniriaker; woods-
men. $35 to $40, fare advanced; 20 scraper
teamsters. $2 day, fare refunded; and others
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st. '
WANTED— Cook for resort. $40; cook, small
boarding house, $30; ranch cook, $15; bread
and cake baker. $40; restaurant funks $10
week and $35 month; waiters • i-hers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.- tj.S Sac-
. ramento st.
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton St., for country _».
cook, good meat cutter, $60; night waiter, $»)■ W~
and found; young man to learn waiting,-] s2o? ~
cook for resort, $40, for city; cook, $M « week;
waiter, $35; dishwasher, $25; you: n.a;; for
institution, $15; 2 ironers; milker, *r,: etc.
BOOKKEEPER.
Lumber and milling business.
Can get good salary
In addition to dividends,
By purchasing my interest. $2750.
HOO-HOO. 5867, Oakland Cal.
4 COLORED waiters: country hotel; $25. HO-
TEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Reliable man to assist light, gen-
teel work '.i hours per day; duties easily
learned; must be satisfied with $16 per week;
small capital required. 1032 Market St.. rm. 4.
2 FIRST-CLASS advertising solicitors; no oth-
ers nee. l apply. Call E. A. P., 709 Shotwell
et., between 7 and 9 a. m.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 1423 Dupont st.
BARBER wanted for steady work. WILLIAM
FRITZ, 1128 .1 St., Sacramento, Cal.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. Ilo9'_
Folsom st.
BARBER; good wages; for Saturday. 763 Mis-
sion st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 7102
Davis st.
BARBER: steady for Saturday, Sunday and
Wednesday. 302 Montgomery aye.
GOOD barber for Saturday afternoon and Sun-
day morning at 204 Ninth st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 217 Fourth
street.
PAPER ruler wanted at once. Apply to WM.
H. McGEENEY, Bookbinder, 411 Market st.
BOYS wanted. Apply at the Pacific Sheet
Metal Works, Seventh and Townsend sts.
WANTED at 7 a. m.— Window cleaners. Citi-
zens' House & Window Clean. Co. 204 1 . Eddy.
WANTED— A young man on bread; wages $25.
2125 Mason St. ________—.
BOY to work at upholstering. 2304 Fillmore st.
SECOND cook, male. 246 East St.; $30 per
month.
BOOTBLACK wanted; barber shop. 609 Lar-
kin st.
BOOTBLACK; first-class; steady; call early.
The Modern, 34 Fourth st.
HARNEP3MAKER wanted. Apply to A.
HELTON. San Leandro.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 106 Second st.
WANTED — Intelligent, reliable man for re-
sponsible position. $20 a week; must have $150
cash security. Western Invest. Co.. 0 Geary.
SOLDIERS, sailors or heirs desiring pensions,
travel pay, etc. see L. M. SHERWOOD, 612,
sixth floor. Examiner building. San Francisco.
FIRST-CLASS drug clerk; German preferred.
Call after 9 a. in.. 158 Eddy st.
JAPANESE who can furnish 100 laborers for
country. Address A. B. C. box 4776. Call.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 1205 Fillmore st.,
near ' Turk; wages $6 per week.
BOY in temperance grocery; $5 per week. Box
4767, Call office.
TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes.
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
bet. lfct and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 3 p. m.
WANTED men to find clean, central, cheap
rms., 25c, 50c night; hkpg., $1 25 up. SS 3d St.
SOLICITORS to take orders on staple goods;
factory to consumer. 1171 Mission st.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting, 35, to
50c. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Men can learn the barber trade for
$5 at 1542 Market St.
MAN to take orders for printing. Apply 51.
Filbert st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted — Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work: fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st. •
WILSON House, 775 Mission St.. near Fourth—
100 modern rooms with hot. cold water: free
baths; electric lights; elevator ;2sc to $1 night.
BUSH, 421, above Kearny — Choice rooms; gas
and stationary washstand; 15c, 25c up.
WANTED— men to occupy rooms: 10c per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
MEN and women to learn- barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 188% Eighth st.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day,
week or mo.; -ates. 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers: reading room.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, 15.-, '_>••. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. S63^ Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— To collect wages due -laborers and
clerks: Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter St.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry
AGENTS WANTED.
SELL Magic Heel Protectors, sample 10c: al3O
Leather Lustre: sam. 25c. BROWN. 332 Bush.
~~ PARTNERS WANTED.
$500- PARTNER wanted In general cement con-
tracting business; must be a hustler and able
to take set of books. Address box 3031. Call
office. Oakland
• WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars: long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
ROLLER top desk: second-hand; must be fine.
Box ICS6, Call office.
________
HORSES."
FOR SALE— One span bay horses, weight 3415
pounds; half-brothers and well matched; 4
and 5 years old; well broken. Inquire at Ar-
cade Stables, Dixon, Cal.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction gales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— Shetland pony. 4 years old. Ap-
ply. Bew Drug Co., Alameda.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work horses. I Chase & Mendenhall, suc-
cessors Kllllp & Co.: salesyard. 1732 Market.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. \^
LIGHT fancy driving cart; nearly new; a bar-
gain. 64 Alpine St., between Broderick and
Devlsadero. _
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagrons. carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.r BUSINESS chances.
* A-«:i»>; RESTAURANT and Schoplwuse; 3 rent
$40; close to Wells-Fargo Express Co. Call
f It. G.; WILKE. 90C Market st.
tA—WM; CIQAR store, will ohibro'oma and
laundry office; choicest location; close to
y ;.?w .-V^SI 1 Kilis sts -; rar '- chance. R. '..
/ \\ II.KE.Jji.O Market st.
' A- $<0; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and M!s-
-hlon; livinc rooms; rent low: leas a
iirst-class laying place; no b-.-tt-r offer fur
rian and wife. Call IS. >' WILKE, 906 Mar-
A-SlOu; BRANCH bakery an;l notion More In
.Ivo.y country town iS milpn'from the city:
r'-m ■ ; ". including flat; h. rare chnr.ee. H. G.
■ /WILKE. 900 Market st.
A— sl2oo; BAKERY Ii livoly country town:
csjablit-hed years; monthly rales $1000; rent
JJ.i; hn.-.-e, wagon. !lvi:iK rooms; a good-pay-
-; Ing business. Call R. G. WILKE; 906 Mark
A— *45ti; BRANCH bakery in the Mission; 4
living rooms; rent JIT 50; a good-paying place;
Clears about JlfO per month. R. G. WILKE,
900 Market :-t. • \
'■ >!' 0; CORNER grocery and bar; living
rms.; one-hali hWk from Wleland's Brewery;
dally receipts about ':2C; cash trade. iinlv; »
rare chance. Call 11. G. V ILKE. 90S Market.
jy-OO— FRUIT, fish and oyster store; Imst i>nrf
city; north of Market .«t.; established 15 years;
receipts S2O t 1 i~'< dally; actually worth S. 1 00;
roox-.na for eacrlflce. M. LESS & Co.. 7^5 Mkt
A FIN!-: i;?t -> f business propositions In saloons,
giwery ttoros, branch bakerle: . restaurants,
toffee house*, r^n-handlse, etc.; all kinds of
business bought, sold and exchanged. EI.TEL,
_ ! . 0 "- ■ rrk :V.fs;
iU'TCHER shOii; treat sacrifice: other busi-
ness .\lllre nf pal*. COWING ft CO.. 995 Mkt.
1 HAVE the gr.-atest placer mining proposi-
tion !:i the state ann greatly Improved ma-
( hinory for working it; wan; 1 partner with
?500 orj SiquO. Box 47SS. 'all.
I.APY wants working partner with some •■ish
;ii good paying business: security'for cash In-
■•■' ten. Address 7.1. . GCO I^ I ?t., Sacramento.
BUTCHER chop, newly fitted up In ilrst-cluss
styie; cheap rent. NAY. corner Eddy and
I'.uchanan sts.
-'■•--PAUTNFt: wanted In light busln-SF; 115
to $2.. a week; trial gi\-r. : no experience n?-
qu>r<!j.^v western Investment Co.. :i Geary st.
SNAP; French restaurant doing Tine business,
wit I: _nr.>.. all rented; BASILE. S73'» Mkt.
FOR SALE— Shoe ship: reasonable; owner re-
tiring .m account of old age. 539 Geary st.
RESTAURANT; nice trade; will sell at a sac-
rlflce account other business. 234 O'Farrell st.
BARBER shop for sale at a sacrifice; must be
ii "Old at once. WO-ftfc Valencia st.
STOCK and flxtui of grocery for sale; well
stocked; old business; >ase pro-
curable; inventory open to inspection. For
Information apply to CURTIN .t BEA I.S.
roim 24, third ;loor, Miils building, or at
store, northwe.st cor. Fillmore and Turk sts.
FOR sale — A half Interest in country news-
paper; oldest In county; largest circulation;
good business: county seat;; politics Ropub-
ll-ar.; l"rms cash: finest climate In Call-
fornia. Address FRED LORING, Lakeport.
OIL lands, :".'C per acre; In the ".I belt; get in
on the ground floor this v.-oek: don't buy
chares of imaginary value; get land at first
cost and Incorporate . com] yourself. J.
J. EVANS, Real Estate; money loaned to and
for you; Mills building; 20 acres for $10.
FOR SALE— One of the best paying restaur-
ants on the front: will sell cheap on account
of other business: full Investigation. Call
at premises. ' Mission st.
GOOD hotel in Sacramento; doing first-class
business; good ■at lon; 65 regular boarders;
'reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In-
quire Call office.
BLACKSMITHING; complete outfit, tools,
stock, etc.; central: large shop; 'heap rent;
cash or part exchange. S. 11. HERRING.
MILLINERY store: well stocked: fine location;
very cheap. GEO. \V. H. PATTERSON &
CO.. !706 Market st.
{150— BRANCH bakery, notion, grocery, cigar,
stationery; 4 rooms; rent Jlo; paid until July
11; P'X.d reason lor selling. Box 4719, Call.
ACTIVE business man can secure interest In
paying legitimate business; small capital and
energy required; lnvesgte.. ref. Box 471 Call.
; GOOD location for fruit store; fixtures In; rent
reasonable. 200 Third aye., cor. Clement st.
Take Sutro car.
FOR sale — Old established, carpenter shop;
owner retiring from business; rent cheap.
IM3 L'noi st.
FOR sale— Branch bakery, candy, notions; 2
living rooms; owner retires; rent $14. S05 3 i
Filbert st.
J23ft— SAlax >N; fair stock; good business; rent
reasonable; bargain. Apply 632 Market, r. 6.
F I: sale- The fixtures of a good restaurant,
cheap. 846 Valencia st.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar. Inquire Wie-
larni Brewery, Second St., near Folsom.
FOR sale — Good saloon in flourishing country
t'.wn; very reasonable. Apply 601 Market st.
GOOD Ice route for sale. Box 4763 Call office.
SALOON for sale; •- good location. Inquire of
CSS Third st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A: CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H-»>- 10-ROOM cor. flat; worth $1000; 0n1y... J4OO
3 rooms; new fur. J2SC cash, balance *10. 1000
22 . ms; on Howard st "500
MY BEST BARGAIN TO-DAY IS
.A 10-ROOM HOUSE; NEW FURNITURE..
$100 cash
..BALANCE $10 PER MONTH; PRICE $450..
Country hotel and bar; 30 rooms 1800
t-rocm flat, near Emporium 250
15-room house: worth J6OO 250
H. C. DECKER,
l"20 Market st., 1020 Market st.
V. II WINSTON & CO.. K:2C Market Ft.
IS rooms: Geary st. : $300 cash, balance
payments of •" ' monthly $650
29 rooms; r^nt $53 50; north if Market ; $450
cash, balance payments $10 monthly $700
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT.
C 6 ROOMS, all oak furniture and new carpets.
ff.r tale by order of Probate Court: The Marl-
borough, 404 Eddy st.; permit from our office
only. A. M SPECK .t CO.. 87 Market st.
A-- ?'"><"' — 15 room lodging house, rent $40. clear-
ing $50 per month: Kearny st. It. G. WILKE,
9CO Market Ft.
FOR SALK-Well-paying lodging house of 12
nicely furn!?hed rooms; r<-nt only J25; price
JT2.": no agents. Apply I'o Second st.
Jff:O— ROADHOI'SK. ne;.r tho city; fin* busi-
nt-BS. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A--G5-ROOM lodging house: central: best In
city: bargain. COWING & CO., 995 M.-irlcet.
TEHAMA. 154-Roomlng house of 20 rooms;
light and sunny: in i;<iod condition; rent $35.
$3.v)— LODGING how of 2d rooms for sale;
rent S?.v 72 Jackson st.
ITItMTIIir, FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
f,<Y. Eastern Outfit! Co.. 1310 Stockton nt.
POST. 725- New furniture of 4 rooms for sale:
fiat Jlv
I ROOM furnished in oak for MS f,O. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. I1?7-I1.'i1 Market.
FUR MTI'R WANTED.
JENSEN Furniture Store. la »th, buys, sells,
exch. new & 2d-hand fur., carpets, stoves.
WANTED— Dres?er of the sixteenth century
style. IMI Bush St.. .....
—————— ——_—_■—_—^_^ „___
FOR S MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & VVOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission at..
above Sixth
BEAUTIFUL solitaire diamond lace pin; for-
mer price fCS; to be Bold now for V J. At
UNCLE HARRIS", II Grant aye.
CALL for fox, Scotch, bull and bull terrier
pups; also Gordon s«-tt<T. spaniels and New-
foundland pups at 2.X Montgomery aye.
THOROUGHBRED Irish setters; white homer
pigeons; all cheap. Glenmore Kennels. 2041
Linden st., Oakland.
. HANDSOME thoroughbred fresh young short-
horn, part Jersey, cow; a pet; rich milk; 20
quarts day. 1311' Fo'.som st.
\ FINE sealskin jacket for $100; cost $250.
UNCLE HARRIS, la Grunt aye.
SECOND-HAND cook stove. x O . 7, for sale
cheap. Inquire at 1605 Polk st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchange lOCS Mission st.
FOR sale— Complete halrdrcsMng business;
central: store and fixtures; also furr.. living
.-] artm'ts at'ehed; jretit cheap.* Box 4622, Call.
BOILERS, engines, eecond-han;l machinery.
BURKE, 13:- Beale Ft.
CAMERAS an I Phot ■ KUppll»s-=A full line
selling at less than cost. 513 Haarst building.
JCE plant; 2d hand: complete; pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. White. 16 Mission.
GASOLINE engines— l*h. ;■. $100. 2 h. p. $125. I
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Cc. .-27 Mission.
t DRESS pants. $2 9G line suits. $5 93. Misfit '"1 ■•)■.-
Ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A- $3 r.O DERBY and Fedora hats. $175. Popu-
■ lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny ■■' . near Pine.
1 _AFES— AII sizes new and second-hand. TUB
" HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramentn st.
PAFE6 Bargains In new iin<l second-hand, all
■Ices; half original cost. 103-111 Market. S. F.
PERSON \LS.
TO WHOM': IT MAY ' CONCERN? ~
This Is to certify that we will sell for stor- 1
i'-se bin at public auction on WEDNESDAY, !
June Is. iNii ■. at 11 a. m;: at the Gra,nd Arcade I
Horse Market. I'll .-ii st., San Francisco, |
i one phaeton, the property of E. E. HILL. i
S. M. LOMBARD, Sullivan & Doyle, Live-
stoclc Auctioneers. I
$1 PER week for lady's suit. Jacket or cape,
I gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out- 1
j fitting Co.; 13nG Stocktcn St., near Broadway, j
GO to LEI !"!;!:>:. the hairdresser; latest j
vogue In hall-dressing, 25c; see Foamo I
Sham) exhibit in v.indow, 5c pkg; switches, ■
$1 up; hair rolls, 10c. 123 Stockton St. |
LEDERER'S QUINTONIOA is a delightful |
I tonic; Btcpa your hair from falling out and j
I effects n healthy growth; 35c bottle. i
! JOHN L BOONE. Patent. Trademark I
Attorney at Lawy and Copyright ,
i No, 4 Gutter st . Law a Specialty. '
I San Francisco, 'al. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited. ,
ELECTRIC liKh'.s In every room; Winchester'
Hotel. 44" Third :■: . near Market: 700 rooms; I
I 23c lo $1 30 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week; ;
' free 'bus ami baswgp to and from the feyy.
i PRIVATE sanitarium- Surgical and medical
c;is»r taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero, !
nr. C'.tii; Guerre ro-st. cart; tel Blue Ml,
Isl £O— Jll-.0 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheada or j
i statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL ;
j A. BLEY. r.2C Sacramento st.: tel. Main I??.?.
T. BRILLIANT. 235-310 Post st., will sell you •
furniture, c:irp«".s. cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
niade nulls, rtc. on very easy payments.
j DR. CREELY'S !>•>£ Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
offlw. Horse Hospital; 510 Golden Gate aye.; 1
! separate ward fur contagious diseases. j
! RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knile; no Injec- ;
t!on;^ruarantd. Dr. Gordln,sl4 Plne.ab.Keany. j
: A- EI.KGAN'j ladies' tailor-made suits to order !
! nt wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome. j
i LADIES' tallor-madP suits: M week. Chicago!
j Clock Co.. 1814 Market St.: upen evenings. |
i SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or- I
d<r. K. YOS TANI, 313 Sutter St.
j A— Ln.ilps' or pent's thing, furniture, bought, ;
sold; to!. Mint >97 JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st. j
I SUITS to order on easy installments. L. j
LEMOS, 1117 Market st., bet 7th and Sth.
I SUITS to order on installments at cash prices; j
• V. a week. N. V Tailoring Co., 113 Kearny. j
' IV ANTED Old gold for nufacng. O. Nolte, j
I Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason. ;
I a WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, j
"' ; sges. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year, j
DRESSMAKERS.
i SI GEARY St.— Dresses made, $5 up; dresses
made over; perfect fit: organdies ami lawns.
SPIRITI
i MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium, j
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats !
■ private, chronic or obscure teases: send •
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet. i
Post and Geary; sittings $1; diagnosis free. ;
MRS: MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and j
palmist; satisfaction or no pay; test circles I
Wednesday and Friday eves.: 10c 23l'i Sixth. ;
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate- j
writing medium. 118 Halght rt. ■: ;
MRS ELLIS tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ; !
Mon.. S; 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia Ft. |
CLAIRVOYANTS. ;
MISS J. B. DWYER, the- distinguished clalr- j
voyajit anl mod him; those In trouble or who j
wish to know their future should consult this i
gifted medium immediately, either In person I
or by letter; Miss Dwyer graduated under the .
highest professor in occultism and is master j
; of th« power by which she can reveal your ;
' entire life; also the lives of those in whom
you are interested: satisfaction guaranteed by :
mall. $1; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar- :
ket st. :
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and j
card reader; bora with double veil and Bee ■
0r.,: sight: diagnoses disease; full life read- j
: ing; ladies, 50c; Bents, $1; sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk. |
! WONDERFUL success; Mme. Clingman, from
New York; scientific palmistry, astrologist; ;
readings EOc nnd il. 513 Tenth St.. Oakland. \
MISS KING, card reader; 2lc and UP. 1032 i
Market st . room 3. !
! MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist: past,
present and future, :"■■■. 14S Sixth, room 12. I
CLAIRVOYANT, rnrd reader, l"c: ladies only, j
; 543 Natoma st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
I RAY FAIR, returned; wonderful gift of second j
j sight and card reading; parlor 3. 13 Powell. I
MISS GEORGIE TAYLOR— Returned; card
reader and palmist. 1104 Turk st., rooms 1-2. :
MISS L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
1066 Market st., room 2. I
MISS GREEN', '.:rl reading and palmstry- 203.
Post ex., room 1. ; |
MISS rESSIE GRANT, returned, card readej-
! and palmist. 36>,-i Geary St., rooms 1 and 3.
MISS M. FOX. celebrated card reader, room 12,
j 3U Grant aye. I
. MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business .
advice; names given; 2."c up. 5 Fourth St. j
MRP. KOPP, natural-born clairvoyant and card I
reader: 50c. IS Lewis St., off Taylor, nr. Post. !
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
MME. ETTA RALPH, magnetist and psychom- j
etrist. Parlors 2 and 3. 895 Market st.
YOUR future told by carl?. 2"c: Sunday hours, j
7to 10 p. m. "26 Larkln Ft., room 6.
MME. AUGUST. ll'O Mission St.; clairvoyant. '
card reader and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c. ]
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 23c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st. j
I'ALMISTItr.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger- j
i main. 616 Geary st., above Jones; tel. Hyde j
2fi2l; reading by mall. $1. ■
PROF. GEO DOVE, phrenologist. 124U4 Mar- I
I ket: examinations. $1: children half price J
■ YOUR fate Is in your hand: scientific palmls-
try. MME. GERMAINE. 9 ■■ Market st., r 30. J
A— ME BUSHNELL, the famous palmist, 916 '
Bush st.. bet. Taylor nnd Jones. j
! . ASTROLOGY.
! ASTROLOGER and trance medium: minerals
located ;■ lucky days: palmistry, 313 McAllister. j
educational;
1 ENGINEERING School, civil and rnTnirTgTas^
faying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con- f
nection, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
! BUSINESS— Bookkeeping,, business practice. !
I Fhorthand, typing, languages, English; 21 i
teachers, i.'ay and evening; catalogue free. '
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Pest st. ;
I HOLMES' College of Oratory opens j
j Auguft 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy- .
steal culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano, ]
violin, Journalism, practical acting, stage 1
technique: 15 Instructors; degrees conferred: i
day and evening classes. Address secretary ,
for catalogue, room 4, Odd Fellows' big, 8. F.
j AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.:
rhorthand. typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
; penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
! Echolar«-hlp, $50; low rates per week and mo. j
BOOKKEEPING thoroughly In 6 weeks or a I
year's course free; rapid cal'ns: other studies; j
college graduates perfected. TARR, Expert
■ Accountant, room 60, Flood building.
! ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; Runny rooms; low rates; day,
even Han Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln- |
liik, mech. survey, assay, archl.: day & eve.; .
fst. 1864 VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market. j
MATHEMATICS, history. English; coaching
specialty; during vacation $5 mo. 220 Eddy. j
j LAW Schools, n:7 Market. S. I., and 90S Br id
I way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
I PIANO lessons by a competent teacher: ten
years' experience; DOc an hour. 020 Ei?dy st.
••EXPANSION'; the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
| inesi CJllege. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
CARPET CLEANIXG;
CITY Steam Carpet Cleaning Works— Cleans, i
moves, lays carpets, C. H. STEVENS, Mgr., |
88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250. '
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work :
i 1 Fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 357.-337 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
, CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES,
300 McAllister ■• cor. Larkln: tel. Mint 1301. :
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ; j
tel. ■•■•■:■ 194. GEO. WAI/TOM. Proprietor. I
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co., !
433 Stevenson rt.: tel. South 2" . lowest rates. I
CARPETS cleaned at :;• per yard; laid at 2c. !
STRATTON'B, 3 Elglr.h St.; tel. Jessie 544.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th ;
St.; cleaning Cc per yard: tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. COS Golden j
Gate: carpet* cleaned. 3c yd.: tel. Mint 346. |
CONKLIN'S Carpet-bentlng Works, 233 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. f:ast 126.
•_.;.; LOST. i
j LOST— Near Poll: and Post sts., ikye terrier;
answers to name of Scrnggles; reward. Ap- i
| ply at Lick House..
j LOST-- Pair Bold-rimmed eyeglasses; reward.
I f "3A Minna st.
FOUND.
~~" **" ' **
j FOUND— white dog. 2761 Bush st. .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 24. 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
WEBSTER. 22C9.tbetv! Clay and Washington—
Neat I-story bay-window house, 9 rooms and
bath and sunny yard; care handy: in good
order Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., House
Renters and Real Estate Agents, 620 Market
St., opposite Palace Hotel.
O'FARRELL, 913. bet. Polk and Van Ness—
2-story house, G rooms and bath: in good
Order; rent $25. Apply to C. 8. CAPP _ CO
House Renters and Real Estate Agents, 630
Market St., opposite Palace Hotel.
VERY fine house, in perfect condition; 3356
Twenty-first St., near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable; see It. E. G. DENNISTON,
11.'4 Twenty-first st.
VERY pli— isant house. In perfect condition; 3386
Twenty-first St., near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable; see it.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery fet.
$12 HOI BE, I rooms and basement. 635 Lo-
cust aye.. bet. McAllister and Golden Gate.
UNION. 1133, corner Hyde— 6 rooms and bath;
thoroughly renovated; yard; Hi.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE rooms, with stable; rent $12. Ap-
ply >'.;.i ; Union St., downstairs.
SUNNY cottage, 4 and 5 rooms.; flat, C rooms,
bath, cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St.. near Dolores,
FURNISHED FLAT*.
PINE, 95SA— 3 rooms and bath; furnished com-
plete; $13.
FLATS TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL modern 7-room corner; middle
flat. 118 Webster St., near Halght.
FINE sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath. 911 A
Guerrero St., bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-
second.
FLAT of 5 rooms; stable for 6 horses and large
wagon sheds; $1S: paint shop 24x80. A. M.
SPECK & CO., 0';; Market; key at 2303 Geary,
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT flat, 5 rooms and bath: all modern
conveniences; cellar and yard. 223 14th st.
MCALLISTER, 1120— Upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath: reasonable to good tenant.
NICE fiat of " rooms; partly frnshd; rent rea-
sonable. Call between 12 and 4 p. m., 35 Turk.
NICE flat, 6 rooms and bath. 21'" Flllmore st.,
near Haight; rent VS.
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe sts.;
lovely sunny B-room flat; modern Improve-
ments: rent $17; water free.
POLK, IS33— S newly furnished rooms and bath;
will let all or part; terms very low.
SIXTEENTH, near Howard Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath: $16; repairs to
suit. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., It Montgomery.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073. near Castro— Sunny 5-
. room flat; modern; rent $15; water free.
UPPER, modern, sunny flat; C rooms nnd bath;
. fino location; rent cheap. 1212 Pulton St.
WALLER, 312—4 rooms; bath; basement and
yard.
$11— SUNNY flats at 11 and 17 Adelaide place,
off Taylor, bet. Post and Geary si
$12— SHIPLEY, 297, near Sixth; flat, 5 rooms;
bath'; *:.:.<=; folding doors; yard.
$6—2 NEW flats, 4 rooms; 17 Roscoe st.. near
Thirty-fourth. Apply 64 Silver St., off Third.
$13— 4-ROOM flat, 128 O'Farrell st . upstairs,
opposite Orpheum. Apply 15 Grant aye.
$20 ELEGANT flat, 5 rooms, bath. 46 Elgin
Park, near 13th st.. above Valencia.
$12— FLAT, 4 nice rooms; bath; yard. 3231
Twentieth st. Apply 711 Treat aye.
$16— LOWER flat, 5 rooms and bath: newly
painted. Apply 220 Thirteenth, near Howard.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIHG.
BUSH. 1203, nr. Hyde Flat of 3 or 4 rms.
furnished for housekeeping; gas; bath; piano.
CLEMENTINA, 707. cor. Eighth— 2 housekeep-
ing looms, $•-' nd $2 25 per week; laundry and
bath; stovfs.
FULTON, 218, corner Van Ness— Neatly furn.
flat, 4 rooms; gas range: bath; also others.
FOLSOM. 1136 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping.
FOLSOM. 1.151— 3 rooms on the lower floor, part-
ly furnished for housekeeping, use of wash
room; rent $12.
GEARY, 1917 Furnished and unfurnished flats;
each 4 rooms, 2 baths, 2 toilets, 2 cellars;
gas; every convenience; $IS.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404—3 rooms complete for
housekeeping' references.
GOLDEN GATE aye., RlO— Sunny corner suite,
with kitchen; also 2 connecting rooms.
HARRISON, 415— Furnished flat of S rooms and
bath; rent reasonable to responsible parties
only. ■
HAWTHORNE, 172. near Harrison— 2 sunny de-
sirable housekpg rooms; use of parlors; reas.
HOWARD. 52*. Bel First and Second—
furnished sunny room and also housekeeping.
HOWARD. 761 1 ,;— Sunny front bay-window rm.,
with kitchen; man and wife: others moderate.
HOWARD, 829— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD, m:-... nr. 7th— Front sunny frnshd.
rms. for It. hskpg.; also single, si week up.
LARGE, pleasant single room; sunny; light
housekeeping If desired; oil stove; $4 73
month. 411 Octavia st . near Hayes.
MARKET, 1028 Large sunny front room and
kitchen : furnished complete; folding bed.
MISSION, 94", nr. Sixth— Nice front room;
kitchen; complete for housekeeping.-
MISSION, 1221, 1 block from new Postofflce
Bite Nicely furnished housekeeping rooms;
sunny yard.
OCTAVIA, — Low rent: furnished rooms,
with kitchen; wash trays, yard; all sunny.
PAGE, 1322—3 sunny housekeeping rooms.
POLK, 005— Housekeeping; large sunny front
bay-window room; kitchen- closet; gas; reas.
POLK. 827 Housekeeping . rooms; en suite or
single; pleasant, light, clean.
SIXTH. 216% Nicely fur. sunny front rooms;
single and nskpg.; running water; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 543 A $S; 2 housekeeping rooms,
front and back parlor, with use of kitchen. '
TURK, 543— Large front room, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $2 50- per week;
also single room.
THIRD, 251, nr. Howard— 4 front sunny rms.;
connected; suit, for hkpg: single. $1 25 v.-k. -pp.
THIRD. 340—1 sunny hskpg. rm,, complete;
$1 50 week; also front alcove room.
THIRTEENTH, 741 A. nr. Flllmore— One double
or single parlors, kitchen, both furnished, by
lady alone.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166, near Howard— 2 or 3
• furnished housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry;
no children.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 1367, nr. Mission— Complete-
ly furnished large front gunny connecting
housekeeping suites, $s to $11.
VALENCIA, ItOC— Two furnished housekeeping
rooms: bath; no children.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Elegantly furnished
sunny flat. 3 rooms and bath; complete for
housekeeping ; northeast corner; only perma-
nent, responsible panic?.
VAN NESS, 400, cor. Fulton— Neatly furn. cor-.
flat. 3 large rooms; closets; gas range; bath.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St. — Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk end Taylor sts. —
Homelike bousej modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 M day. MRS. .1 KINO.
AT 39 Turk. cor. Taylor- Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; also hkpg. rms.; reas.; transient.
BALBOA. 1049 A Market— Changed hands; flrst-
class rooming house; elegant sunny outside
rooms; elevator; prices reasonable: transient
solicited. 11. H. McCOLLISTER. Prop.
BOHEMIAN. 239 Post. cor. Stockton—
corner, rooms and suites; quiet, all conveni-
ences; tourist: elevator, etc.; first-class refs.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mascn— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 1 IS— Sunny desirable rooms. $6 up per
month . fror.t rooms, $7 to $15.
EDDY, 803, corner Jones— 2 sunny bay-window
corner rooms; double beds; homelike. ■ ':: >• :
EDDY. 473— Bright sunny clean room, well fur-
. nished. S3 per month.
FKRNWELL I! ns». 47 Post, 34 Kearny— Beau-
tiful Bunny bathroom suite; also single rooms;
rent reasonable; transient.
FOURTH. 225— Furnished • rooms for Ught
housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE. 727— Handsomely furn. sunny
front rms.: hot, cold wat.; private; reas.
GOLDEN STATE, 108 Eddy— Rooms for stu-
dents: sunny rooms by day, week or month.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission Pleasant sunny rooms: en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
GUERRERO, 531— Nicely furnished rooms; ref-
erences required and given.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; 11 00 to JG per week.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
j HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter. near Stockton— |
Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass i
door: elevator: free baths. j
HOWARD, 646— house, handsomely fur- j
I nished; running water and closets; In both ;
I suites and single rooms.
IVANHOE, 1002 cor. Geary— management; |
fur, housekpg suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up; ref. |
! JONES 6, Small room in private family; j
rent reasonable. ' ■
1 MARKET, 733V2— Neat newly furnished rooms; i
central location; $1 to $2 50 per week.
i MISSION. 839— Large sunny rooms, $2 week; ;
suite. $3. ' j
MISSION. 1210. nr. Sth— Handsomely fur. suite 1
! of 3 rooms; Ist floor; private; modern con.
! O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny lurnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day. wk., mo. I
: POWELL, 15— Newly fur.; new management;
single, double, transient; next to Columbia.-. j
: POWELL, Changed hands: everything]
new; sunny rooms; suites and single; run- j
ning water. \
! ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent' I
light: reading room, smoking room and |
ladle"' parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; 1
I week. $1' to $S; month, $S to $30; elevator on !
1 office floor; rooms with hot. cold Wat.; baths.- j
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st., |
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
1 SIXTH, 17A— Sunny front suite or single; nicely
furnished; reasonable prices.
STOCKTON. Nicely furnished sunny Bln-
gle, double and housekeeping rooms; near
Powell and Callfornla-st. cars.
TAYLOR, Furnished rooms for $1 60 up per
week; also housekeeping rooms.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD, 25, nr Market— Supnlest rooms in San
Francisco; white lights; extra good beds; clip. j
THIRD, 252V4 Front room, neatly furnished,
tor 2, $** per month; private family.
TURK. -Rooms, with or without board;
pleasant private home.
TWENTY-FIRST, K3C4— l>arge sunny furnished
front room: suitable, for 2.
VALENCIA. 209 — Sunny furnished rooms; gas;
bath; running water; no children.
YALE, 112 Taylor -Sunny furnished and un-
furnished suites, $5 up; single, $1 50 up.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. $5 a week up; Swedish home: parlor.
HOTEL Victoria, 1105 Hyde. cor. California—
Prettily furnished suites, bath; board optional.
LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market-Parlor. 2 bed-
: rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath: board op.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms;, good |
home cooking; single, $25; double, ?20.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union j
fo,.— Furnished suites and single rooms; la j
huß!r.»«H Ideality for table boarders.
SUTTER, 1128— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
I pretty garden: home cooking.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GOOD home for infants; only $10 per month.
■ 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st. I
RESTAURANTS.
! WERTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffe. and lc«
cream parlor. 1035 Market St.: popular price*.
STORES TO LET.
STORE to lease— First-class location for cigar
Ftcnd: corner Market. California and Pnimm
rts. MADISON * BURKE. 628 Market »t.
$15— STORE, use of fixtures: good for dress-
I maker or small business. 353 Fifth st. ;
—
: OFFICES TO LET.
A LARGE sunny front suite; new house; run- \
ning water; suitable for doctor or dentist. j
C 46 Howard st. ; .v. :
STABLES TO LET.
TO LET— Stable; 8 stalls. Inquire 1015 Golden
Gate aye.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
I _^.^^^_ -_^.-.- >, .-^^.^
i AS we ore selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to invest!- i
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for 13, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutt»r
Ft*.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest nnd largest house
west of Chicago Is . KOHLER _ CHASE'S. !
26. iS nnd 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all ether musical instruments of all grades
' and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the !
1 customer.
i BEAUTIFUL new Schwechten: upright: artis-
tic case; grand tune; cheap for cash. 203 1 ,4j ,
Gough st. ■ ' - I
A— sSs: UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros 216 McAllister st.
! CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
{ Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
I FOR sale, cheap— Cabinet grand piano. Apply
844 Valencia st.
I BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
: sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A NEW Checkering and 3 Btetnways. Keefte'g, '
1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary; tel. Larkln 706.
OUR specialty is renting new pianos. $2 SO per '.
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. "60 Hayes st.
,R. A. DANIELS is now with BYRON '
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $«< up: Installments, $5 75 up; ■
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. ].?G Ellis.
I A— }Ss: UPRIGHT piano in One condition: also j
the famous Hornung Bros. 21G McAllister Bt. |
BOHMFR, Byron _ lauzy and other pianos. 303
Post Ft. j
I W. G. BADGER, 115 Sacramento St.. agent for !
I Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 10
McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank.
; KNAi'i: planes; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER ft CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
I SI rPEItiOR violins, zithers, old and new.' H. i
! MULLER. maker, repairer. 5 Latham place. j
I
I DENTISTS.
A^DrT~tT^?T HOGGINS' Dental Parlors. 927
Market st . tver Cafe Zinkand: teeth extract- ;
ed or filled with pain; electricity, gas or:
chloroform administered: the best and most ,
artistic work at reasonable prices. Pure gold
tilling, from ?1: other fillings, from r.Oc: ;
plates, from ?4 CO; flesh colored plates, from •
15; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work I
j (per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work. j
; Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and |
bridge work until August 1 to introduce our !
new flesh-colored plates: thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years; crown i
nnd bridge work teeth without a plate; fill-
ings, 50c; crowns, $3 GO; .plates, full set, $5:
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, SOS Mar- I
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can i
have your extractions done painlessly; teetli I
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
I {•3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up: of-
I flee hour's, 9a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sunday, 9to 2
! p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
' DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
I tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2: bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received S first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
' FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c up: gold
crowns. $3: gold bridges, $5 up: painless ex-
trartlon guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, £69 Mission St., cor, fith.
DR. LITDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
1 specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
I operators; no students. 597 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 Market st.
I SET of teeth without a plate. DR. 11. G.
. YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
; ADVICE free; R. W. King. attorney at law,
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees: call or write.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
Riilre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla- '
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) . have ;
moved their law offices to the I'arrott build- i
in?. NS-86G Market St.; tel. South 215.
NO charge unless successful; advice free: of-
fice open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604, Emma Ppreckels building.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S.'O Market, cor. Stocktn..
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 327 Market st., opp. Mason.
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ, attorney at law; pro-
bate ami r'Jardlanshlp: Sth floor Crocker bids.
'■ L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: ccnsultatlon free: ro fees In advance.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
I 1021',i Market Bt., bet. Cth and 7th.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. P.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
XOONAN.IOI7 to 1022 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at S.i per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, r»a! "state in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOI.GAN. 24 Montgomery, nn. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 840 Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
LOTS of money to loan on property in or near
Oakland at moderate rates: .quickly anans°d:
flat loan or installments. HUGH M. CAM-
ERON, Broker, 10."S Broadway, Oakland.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
nONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell jet:
LOANS made to salaried people; real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 59 Third st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser. HILL, room 44, Merchants' Ex-
change.
TO borrow money quick. J. J. EVANS, Real i
Estate and Loans. Mill* bdg: notify: will call.
REAL estate, <> per cent: 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & K reiser, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO 160,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d tnortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDKX, 4H Montgomery, j
OX furniture, pianos, without removal; no I
commission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on thflr notes ,
without Indorser. TOUSLEY, 332 Parrott bids.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye. Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can rave Inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property 1? mortgaged and you need
more money see IT. MURPHY. 880 Market.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
EYE, brain and nerves are strengthened with
Mayerle's glasses. GEO. MAYERLE, German
Expert Optician; charter member American
Association of ODtictans; 1071V4 Market st.;
mall orders Oiled; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who pre sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true, friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free an. l I
confidential; home treatment, J5; no Instru- ;
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy
St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; office hours. 10 to
12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment
only. .__ '_
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
Fame day; no instruments used: cure at office,
f;>: home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post st., be».
Hyde end Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL Indies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. 1 lav-leu,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or lrrrffularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills, %\; very strong. $2. ■•■.
A TREATMEXT that restore* instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used: guar- j
anteed cure at office, ?$; travelers helped In- :
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor; office hour! . 9 to 5 and 7
to S p. m., Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical set- \
ence for female troubles, from whatever j
cause: every woman her own physician, no |
matter how long standing; travelers help».J j
at once, safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores In 1 'lay and
prevents disgrace; can be Kent: consultation I
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years. |
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
A — DR. G. W. O'DONNKLL. world-renowned j
feni.iie specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated sucessfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money:
treatment car. be ured at home; consultation
free; call or write. 1023H Market »t.
DR. WOXO WOO. herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
cisco: all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herb?, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p m.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours: well-
known, reliable, safe and sure; maternity
home: no Instruments: consultation free and
confidential; home treatment $5. MRS. AL-
LEN. 22S Van Ness aye.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. .Richards &■ Co.. 40fi Clay
tt.; Jl 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU*S French pills, a. boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; %2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
A— DR. and MRS. SILVA, 215% Mason St.—
Private home In confinement; ladies' friend '
in trouble: terms reas.; call and be convinced.
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor. 43d
and Linden. Oakland; home In confinement;
children adopted out. Take Grove-st car.
DR. AND MRS. WEGEXER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home In confinement; babies
adopted Into good homes. t
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second St.: tel. Green 52.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back.; $5 up.
PRIVATE home during confinement; best of
attendance. Address box 527. Call office.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pa<es, sent to any address In the
Tritcd States or Canada one year for $1,
riost.u'o paid.
PROPOSALS.
IMPROVEMENT of San Luis Obispo harbor.
— United States Engineer's ofilce. Laugh-
lln building, Los Angeles, Cal., May 27, 1599.
Sealed proposals for continuing construction '
of breakwater at San Luis Obispo harbor,
Cal., will be received here until 11 a. m.,
June 27, IS??, and then publicly opened. In-
formation furnished on application. JAMES
J. MEYLER, Captain Engineers.
BIDS wanted— Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.',
SATURDAY, June 24. IS9S, and opened im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle), for six months commencing
July 1. 1599. and ending December 31, 1899.
Schedules with Information and instructions
for EUbmltting bids will be, furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it
is In accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of tho amount of his bid, payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter Into a cood and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. • The board reserves the rljrht to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Callfor
nla. room 13. 320 Sansome st. San Francisco,
Cal. By order of the Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVTLLE, Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOR FURNISHING SUPPLIES—
Notice Is hereby given that the Board of Di-
rectors of the Industrial Home for Mechanical
Trades for the Adult Blind of the State of
California, will receive and open proposals
and let contracts for supplying the home for
three months, commencing July 1, 1 S3!) "and
ending September JO. 1599, with the following !
articles:
1. Beef and mutton. 2. Groceries and pro-
visions. 3. Butter. 4. Coal. 5. Flour and
mlllstuffs. 6. Coffee, tea and chicory.
Bids v.ill be opened Friday, June SO, 1599, at
7:30 p. m.. at the home, corner Thirty-sixth
and Telegraph avenue, Oakland, Cal.
Blank forms with schedules of supplies re-
quired, with conditions, etc., can be had upon
application to the superintendent. Jos. Sand-
ers, at the homo. •
The board reserves the right to reject any
and all bids.
Preference will be given to goods manu-
factured In California, prices and quality
considered.
All bidders for furnishing supplies are In-
vited to be present at the opening of the bids.
By order of the Board of Directors.
GEO. S. MEREDITH. Ser-etary.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. May 27. Sealed
proposals. in triplicate, will be received here
until 12 o'clock m.. Monday, June 2G. 1899. and
then opened, for furnishing, during fiscal year
ending June 30, WO. oats and hay, to be deliv-
ered on board of vessels at wharves In San
Francisco. Cal., for shipment to Honolulu. H.
I. Government reserves right to reject or ac-
cept any or all bids or any part thereof. Pref-
erence given to articles of American produc-
tion, conditions of price and quality (includ-
ing In the price of foreign productions the
duty thereon) being equal, and such prefer-
ence given to articles of American production
produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent of
consumption required by the public service
there. All information furnished on applica-
tion to undersigned. Envelopes containing
bids to be indorsed "Proposals for
at San Francisco, Cal.," and addressed to J.
M. MARSHALL, Deputy Quartermaster Gen-
eral, U. S. A., Chief Quartermaster.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE BY
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
WESTERN ADDITION HOUSES AND LOTS,
17560 AND UPWARD.
$5230 only; Post-st. residence; north side, near
Franklin; 26x137:6 and good 2-story 10-room
lviuw; mortgage JG3OO can remain at 6 l ,'z per
cent.
Sacramento st.; large residence lot and small
house: near Oetavia: 55x127:6: $13,000.
McAllister st.; fine corner flats: rents $116; lot j
3;:GxlP0: this side Devisadero; $17,000.
Octavia-st. residence; near California; 30x
137:6: 10-room modern house: $10,000.
Webster st.: .'■ houses; rents $100; 5 rooms and ,
bath In each: large lot: $13,300.
Northwest cor. (Sough and Geary; 27:6x110 and
fine residence on corner: also 2-story fronting |
Geary st. reduced to $13,000; make offer.
Sunny corner residence, northwest cor. Web- \
ster and Clay; 33x90; $10,000.
Very fine residence and lot, north side Cali-
fornia, near Buchanan: 27:6x137:6:, the house is
a stylish and very solid one: rents $00; $8.")00.
Washington-st. residence; $9000; nearly new j
2-story basement and attic, S rooms, basement.
etc.; fine me In a good neighborhood: bet. |
Scott and Devisadero. '•
Post ft. : 7.">x137;K and fine 2-Ftory cottage: fine
grounds; $9000: mnke offer.
Northwest corner on California and Webster:
53xS0 and 3 2-story and planked basement
houses. In finest of order; rents $110; price ]
$1«,000; always rented.
$12,500- Rents V): residence and flats: lot ."">x
120 to rear street; Fell st., north side, bet. Bu-
chanan and Webster.
Suiter st.. near Fillrnore: 3-story building;
rents $?0 steadily; only $10,000. -" *,"..'
WESTERN' ADDITION FLATS AND HOUSES (
AND LOTS. $7000 AND UNDER.
Fulton-st. flats; $6730; near Devisadero; rents
J62 50; lot 27:6x137:6.
$7000— Cor. Clay and Baker;' 27:6x102 end 2-
stOry residence; In fine order.
Buchanan st., bet. Pine and California; 55
feet front and 2-Etory dwelling; good view;
$6000.
Cottage and lot 23x55; Buchanan St., bet.
Washington and Jackson; $3000.
Reduced to $5260; rents $45; California St.; 2
flats, 5 and 6 rooms each; bet. Baker and Lyon;
lot 23x137:6.
$3500— Rents $45; flats. 6 and 7 rooms each;
cost $4000 to build; Union St., In the business
portion, near I-aguna.
Modern flats on Oak st., facing Park; lot 25x
100; rent for $47 50; very cheap at $4S0O; Oak st.
accepted and bltuminlzed.
$3200— Cottage and 2-story building and lot 30x
60; rents $27; Beldeman St., near O'Farrell.
Reduced to $3230; rents $40; business property:
Point Lobps aye., near First aye.; 50x100; saloon
and grocery and rear houses.
6-room house and large lot, 50x125; Piedmont
St., In Flint Tract; $WOO.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 Montgomery st.
A CHOICE Richmond lot cheap; 2 lots In one
subdivision; 50x120 feet: Twelfth aye., near!
Clement st. ; close to the finest residence in
that Improving section; graded and all street
work done; only $13,10: easy Installments to
suit, or 2 friends can join and purchase each
a lot costing only $67.")! electric cars pass with-
in a few steps.
' W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st. "
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west cf First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery.
FORECLOSURE: 2 cottages: 25th St.: rented \
$25; price $2500; make offer; lot 25x114; modern
structures: bath; money loaned to and for !
you. C. .1 EVANS. Mills building.
PARKER aye.. 136—2 houses and lot 23x120. I
$2000; terms to suit. Apply Owner, in rear.
CHOICE business property 65x115, on Mission
Ft., near Twenty-sixth. Inquire 2943 Mission.
50xS0— T\V<> choice building lota cheap this
week; see owner. 1697 Folscm st. .•
$1300— COTTAGE of 4 rooms; lot 27'£xlOO. 229
Diamond St.. between 19th and 20th.
, COIXTIIY ltM\l. STATIC.
20 ACRES oil land In the oil belt. Fresno Co.. J
for $10. Get particulars .1. .1. EVANS, real j
estate; money loaned to and for you: Mills |
building; phone Ilf6; no stock in a company.
FOR sale— Modern 9-ronm house; large lot: SO
choice bearing fruit trees: terms reasonable.
JACOB GARDNER, Mill Valley, Cal. j
NEW rich land near city; small nnd large ]
tracts: 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500 j
acres 'eft. For particulars of immerse rr.i =
raif-ed in dry season of IWMB address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. 8. F.
FRUIT, ;::.'.'' anil Stork farms.
W. 1) HOLCOM ft CO., 20 Montgomery st.
PROPDUTT WANTKO.
PARTIES about to furnish will buy complete
furnishing of flat and will rent flat If not
over $30 per month: state location, condition !
of goods, lowest figures. Address E. G., box
4789, Call.
CHEAP lots near car lines anywhere In San
Francisco. J. J. EVANS, Real Estate and
Loans Mills building.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-ROI'OLPH Storage and Moving Co
Office, 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE A TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & 11. IT. goods. 735 Mkt ■ tel. Black 311.
SEWING MACHINES.
{2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
airing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at. .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
"~~ WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A PRETTY HOME
IN OAKLAND IN OAKLAND !
ONLY $375.
IT IS WORTH : $2500
Ycu may be the one to secure it. Send for
catalogue.
£0 CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
Fronting Market. 33th and 361h sts. ; surrounded
by tine homes; close to 3 lines of electric rail- :
ways; street work complete.
ONE OF THESE LOTS GOES FOR $150.
TRY FOR IT.
Catalogue mailed on application.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
TO."? Broadway, room No. 16, second floor, Oak-
land. Mills building, San Francisco.
$2090— A foreclosure; new house; 6 rooms and j
bath; cost J3000; L'fith aye.. East Oakland: easy
terms; lot 40xllS. Call or address J. H. i
YOUNG, 1243 Park St., Alameda, Cal. r
$1500 LOT 50x105: house 8 rooms and bath;
Versailles aye.: must be sold.
$1100— Lot 60x150, with modern cottace; San
Artonio aye., near Chestnut.
5650— L0t 40x125; west side Walnut St.. near
bay shore.
$600— Lot on Pacific aye.. near Grand st.
$2700— Large 2-story house, S rooms; lot 50x
203; beautiful avenue. E. D. JUDD CO..
1424 Park st.
THE paying printing business of Oakland; good
reason for selling. Apply to E. E. BUNCE,
90S Broadway. Oakland. ■
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAJIKDA lIKAI, IJSTATEJ.
SNAP— New House, 8 rooms and bath; lot 50x
130; good location; 5 minutes'.. walk from sta- I
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE, 1612 Chapin. ,
$1000 CASH, balance equal to rent payments; a
new 7-room house: large lot; 1 block to local ■
nnd 1 block to Park St.. Alameda: see It. I
WM.'P. TODD A CO.. 10.V). Broadway. OalslA. •
■__ | | ■
ALAMIiUA ROOMS AND lIUAHU.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FX'NKE, 1116 Bth. ;
■ »»^-— — — ■ i — — — ' i
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. "
£"OR sale— New cottage, 5 room?, bath, pantry, !
large closets, stationary tubs;' hot and cold
water; brick foundation; large- lot, 60xJ£0: :
close to station, street cars, stores, school, ,
- churchfs; price J1S>;O: $100 cash; balance $1S
monthly; take Berkeley , train; get off at .
Lorln. Ask for RUDOLPH & PERKINS. .
THE biggest ba'nrnin yet; near thVunlversit": !
7-room house: large lot; street work all done; |
price $1600; easy terms. JOS. .1. MASON, i
Real Estate, Berkeley station. i
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as fellows:
Leon Jaymot and Dora Schaefer 27-10'
Francisco Martinez and Martha Freeman.. 4s-42
John J. Henderson and Alice M. Lnyze11... 33-24
Anton Hofman and Amelia Clasen 30-23
Archer L. Young and Jennie A. Thompson. 2l-21 I
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. I
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by ■
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed i
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per- !
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HUNTER- ID this city. June 21. 1599, to the \
wife of Henry Hunter, a daughter
DIED.
Atwater, Howard Leyval, Marie F.
Bean. Mrs. Hannah Lutgens, John H. C.
Cooper, John R. H. McGinnis. Edward
Cressey, Edward P. McGlnty, Patrick
Donesan. John J. Mullally, Edward
Doer, Katherine O'Brien, Bridget
Flanagan. Lawrence O'Brien. Julia
Gorsuch. Henry W. Perkins. Mollle E.
Hesler, Paul Ross. Martha S.
Heath. Ada S. . Slsenvlne. Etta
Hurley, Johanna Streull. Emile
Lane, Harry Sullivan, Catherine
\TWATER In Antioch. June 21. 1599. Howard
M., youngest Bon of Dwight M. and Ella C.
Atwater. a native of Westfield, Mass., aged
21 years 2 months and 23 days.
.IRAN— this city. June 22, 1599, Mrs. Han-
nah Bean, dearly beloved wife of the late
William Bean, and mother of .Thomas J.
Bean and Cornelia Post, a native of Ireland,
aged 67 j ;ir--.
E7FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at i o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3:(2DT<>nth street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
•OOPER- In Monterey, June 21. 1599. John R.
H.. beloved son ■:' Mrs. J. B. R. Cooper, be-
-1 i' ■1 husband of Martha Cooper, father of
Mrs. Alice Dillon and John, Abelardo and Al-
fred CooDer. and brother of Mrs. Anna M.
hler, and Mrs. E. J. Molejra, a native of
Monterey; aged CS years and 6 months.
E?"Friends and acquaintances. are respect-
fully Invited to attend "the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clJck, from his late resi-
dence. 192fi Octavla street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be said for the repose of his
soul. Interment private. Please omit flow-
ers,
CRE.SSEY— In Altruria, Sonoma County. Cal., .
Juno 21, IS®, Edward Potter Cressey. ' late
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel and Captain of
Third United ■ States Cavalry, and graduate
of West Point, class of 1868, a native of Delhi,
Delaware County, New York, aged 63 years
1 month and 2 days.
C?" Comrades of the G. A. R.. Companions
of the Loyal Legion, officers and employes of
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company, and
friends are requested to attend the funeral
services to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:80 o'clock,
at Masonic Tetrole, Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of California Lodge
No. 1. F. and A. M. Interment in National
Cemetery.
DONEGAN— In this city. June 23. 18», John
J., beloved husband of Mary Doneg;an. and
father of Maggie A.. John J.. Jerome P.,
Mary A. and Catherine E. Donegan. a native
of the parish of Myross, County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 46 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at v o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 610 Larkin street, thence to St. Dora-
: inic':' Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock sharp. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery
UNITY Alliance No. 14. St. Patrick's Alliance
.<!' America: All members will assemble
to-morrow (Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock. In K. R.
B. Hall, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, J. J. Donesan. By order of : :
p. F. MCCARTHY. Pres.
Y. M. I.— Officers and members of Golden Gate
Council No. 34. Y. M. I. Brothers: You are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
late brother. J. .1. Donesan, from his late
residence. By order
D. E. HAYDEN. President.
CHARLES HEALY, Secretary.
DRYER— In the City and County Hospital,
June 23. 1599, Katherine Dryer, a native of
California, aged 36 years.
FLANAGAN— this city. June 23. 1899, Law-
rence G. Flanagan, father of Mary E., Wil-
liam. George, Charles. Johnny, Grade, Gus
and Dave Flanagan, a native of Ireland, aged
54 years.
(t^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late residence,
1538 Guerrero street, thence to St. Paul's
Church for services. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
GORSUCH— In Stockton. June 13, 1599. Henry
VV. H., beloved husband of Mamie Gorsuch.
a native of Illinois, aged 35 years 2 months
and l day.
HEATH— In this city, June 23. 1599. Ada S.,
wife of W. C. Heath, mother of Myrtle and
Lewis Heath, and sister of Mrs. S. A. Mar-
shall. Mrs. L. T. Allen and P. H. and O. W.
Trezise, a native of Milwaukee, aged 39 years
5 months and 1 day.
HESLER— In this city. June 23, ISM, Paul, be-
loved husband of Marie Hesler. and father of
Pauline l i • > i • r , a native ,»f Wisconsin, aged
4." years.
HURLEY— In this city. June 22. 1899, Johanna
Hurley, a native of Ireland, aged 70 year*.
E?"flie funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of J.
C O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street, thence
to St. Francis Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. .
LANE— In this city, June 19, 1899, Harry Lane,
a native of Bray, County Wicklow, Ireland,
aged 45 years.
(r^Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the
funeral parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LEYVAL-^ln this city. June 23. 1599. Marie F.
Leyval, beloved mother of J. Voisinet. a na-
tive of France, aged 77 years 1 month and 25
days. (Butte papers please copy.)
[C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her son, J. Voisinet. 415 Laurel street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LUTGENS— In this city, June 23. 1599, at the
residence of his son, 817% Lombard street.
John H. C. Lutgens, beloved father of Adulph
C, Ernest H., Henry C. and Emma D. Lut-
gens and Mrs. O. H. Hund. a native of Kiel,
Germany, aged S3 years 7 months and 22
days.
. [£?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, under the auspices of Hermann Lodge
No. 127. F. and A. M. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
McGINNIS— In this city, June 22. 1599, Edward,
beloved husband of Delia McGinnis. and
father of Teresa McGinnis, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 56 years. A member of
Alta Lodge. A. O. U. W.
ICTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a re-
quiem hijjh mass will be celebraed for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGINTY— In this city, June 22, 1899, Patrick,
beloved husband of Martha McGlnty, and
stepfather of George H. Holt, a native of
Ireland, aced 75 years. .
tCTTho .funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at' 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry .1. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street. Interment private.
MULLALLY— In this city. June 21, IS!*!', Ed-
ward Mullally, a native of New York, aged 51
years.
O'BRIEN— In Oakland. June 22. 1899, Bridget,
widow of Tenence O'Brien, deceased, and
mother of W. 8., E. F., Mary Ellen (In reli-
glcn Sister Mary Bernard) and Jennie O'Brien,
deceased, and Lawrence Moore, a native of
Balllnlamy, County Kilkenny,- Ireland, aged
77 years 4 months and 21 days.
Ci7Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her latt resi-
dence, 1817 Goss street. Oakland, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Co etery, Oakland.
O'BRIEN— In this city. June 23. 1599, Julia,
dearly beloved daughter of Michael and the
: late Maggie O'Brien, and sister of Mamie
and Maggie O'Brien, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 24 years and 7 months.
C-'Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, f>37 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where services will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
PERKINS— In this city, June 22, 1899. Mol-
lie E., beloved wife of Charles N. Perkins,
daughter of Mrs. J. McManus. and sister of
Mrs. A. Alderson and J. McManus, a native,
of California, aged 33 years 6 months and 11
days. ..Y.' -
flCFFnonds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence. S7S Page street, near Flllmore.
Interment private. ISRpi
ROSS— In this city, June 21, 1599, Martha S.,
beloved wife of Alex. G. Ross, and mother of
Alex. Ross. a. native of Ireland, aged 57
years.
[TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
.1. S. Godeau, 308 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery-
SI9ENVINE— In this city, June 23, 1599, Etta,
• beloved flausrhter of Rachael Sisenvlne. and
sister of Levi. Sam. Mose and Cooney Slsen-
■vlne, Mrs. A. Wolf and Leah Sisenvine. a na-
tive of San Francisco.
C3TrlendK and acquaintances are respect-
fully' invited to atterid the funeral services
to-mprrpw (Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, at her
late residence, 1340 Bush street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
STREULI— In" this city. June 23. 1899, Emlle.
beloved husband of Mary I. Streull. father
of Ethel L . Alma M.. Emile and Mvra M.
Btreull, and brother of William A. Streull,
. Mrs. Lillie Boeske and the late J. J. Streuli.
..a. native' of San Francisco, aged 42 years 2
months and 27 days.
IT7'Friend.< and' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral Monday,
June 20. 1&99, at 2 o'clock, from the- parlors of
Charles .1. G. Metzler, SK Washington street.
■ Interment Masonic Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. June 23. 1599. Cath-
erine Sullivan, a native of New York, aged
22 years.' ■;
CT7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday) at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. In-
terrr.ent Holy Cross Cemetery. ■ . ' -
hENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln ocbooL
Telephone South 80.
1314
VOLUNTEER REGIMENTS
UNDER THE NEW CALL
Additional Forces Are to Be Con
centrated Here.
Big Camp to Organize and Instruct Troops—Army
leu Predict Lively Times in San
Francisco.
DISPATCHES from Washington an
; _ that the Government
I as resolved to enlist 30.000 volun
rs to reinforce the armj on the
and "f Luzon created wide
id Interest in military circles. The
ii d Seci etary of War have
intimation of the course to be
n recruiting lh< additional
troops, but leading officers of the armj
ur< that the duty of organizing the
■ew n sriments will noi bi ; " the
espective St.i es uf the
>n. The offi r ol Govi rnor u<".s.\ elt
■ Nrw York 10 furnish the entin
Btai ' I as a
■ \. w Y.ik bunoombi . No doubt
■ ■ will be ri cruiting offiei - In New
applicants for enlistment In t h>'
. i. .>■ r< giment s will ■ ; there
sami as in California. Oregon, Texas
lowa
tion is made i hat r< eruiting
ablished in :h< South* m
d particularly in Texas, in or
• • •• that men accustomed to a warm cli
ma; be called Into the ser\ ice. In
w ol Ik excellent record made by the
' wentieth Kansas at 1 1i; i ront
pri .■ ■ exert to obtain an
other regiment from the land Punston
- fr^m. The new troops will not be
n from any particular section of the
Stati -. but army offii ci fa miliar
■ l< ns= at the front may rec
nmmrnd tl - v m and Western men
n the i • In < nlistment.
■ i iudgmi nt of army offii •rs in
thip ■ dent will not re
lish tin right tn appoint the com
■ - ■ thi ni w volunti • r
army Ii is i.siniid a= essential that the
\> ■ ps should be placed under capa
:; .■ rs of experience. Where t!u<
- mental officers i? ex
. i nors of States the
. : in thi Ir work" at tho cx
r»f the military service.
it officers on duty in this de
lat San Francisco from
this time forward will be the most im
military station in the United
: ie newly enlisted volunteers will
: c prior to their departure
From this point the vol
regiments will embark for Ma
..-,! here they will receive the first
: military Instruction. The indl
ns are that wilhin three months
will be at! army of soldiers encamp
,,l . : Presidio reservation. Steas
may be taken to enlarge the model camp
id the original provision, so that
n troops as well as the returning
teers maj bi accommodated.
terd&y Major G neral Shatter ccm
-3 this department and Surgeon
Sternberg held a prolonged con-
Lt hcadnuarf rs uf the army in
: building. The problems under
were so Intensely Interest
. n Plummer. an aid on thi
of 1 mmandtng general neglect
. il to inform I - chii C that United
Senator Perk . md Representative Ju-
THE MEDAL FUND.
Acknowledgment of the Donation
From the Native Daughters.
Mr?. Grorgie I'■ Ryan, grand
Grai •! Parlor of the Native Daugh
. ■ . . " . • has Bent a
t., the ' 'a I 'i ;i! fund, conveying
the information that the Grand Parlor
buted the Bum of $150 tn tlip
fund. tter accompanying the
■ m she says:
In «'arrj ins out the wishes of our flrnmi r*ar
■ with that feeling " ! ' friendship
alty which la »>nt the :
• . •• _ our beloved kin
tlif Native Sons of the Golden
md the Native Daughters ot the Golden
■
Truly may the linrrls=hlps and the <ian(jprs
s" .-if the fn nt forcibly remind us
hold Bacred our country, our flag and |
• itlon.
In the letter of acknowledgment b -
in T. Greany, chairman, and Frank
in, secretary, is tho following:
this, representing *- 11 does th*
■ auses n>= to feel
■ Ing tn honor the
i ■- neither in vain
m t guarantee
superior
In baking powder, in these WUlLll
days of unscrupulous adul-
teration, a great name gives the best security.
There are many brands of baking powders, but
"Royai Baking Powder" is recognized at once
as the brand of great name, the powder of highest
• favor and reputation. Everyone has absolute con-
fidence in the food where Royal is used.
Pure and healthful food is a matter of vital im-
portance to every individual.
Royal Baking Powder
assures the finest and
most wholesome food.
Avoid alum baking powders.
They m2ke the food unwholesome.
POYAL PAKING POWDER CO.. NEW YORK.
Hiis K.iim were in the ant<-r.->r>m waiting
to pay th'ir respect.- to the military rhief
taiiis. I 'apt aii Plummer, of course, is so
. . .■ issed in hla military duties
thai hi rannot give -is much time as Ije
would id s !•■<■• to civilians or subjects per
taining to ci\il life; hence he was not
aware ii t Senator Perkins, by reason of
the failun of the California Legislature
i" •!.■■: ;: s, nator to su l Sti phen M.
w hite. has th< duty of two Senators to
perform. If he ii r . i known thai Senator
Perkins was working double time, and
had he known further that the unassum
ing citizens outside were mi mbers of Con
and that one of them was the over
worked Senator, he might have begged
the indulgence of the generals to receive
them. After a long wail explanations
cami 1 .in! the Congressional delegation
was admitted.
It is probable thai tho thirty thousand
troops spoken of *\ill noi be assigned to
rxistiug regimental organizations, but
thai new regimi its will be formed and
Ik \i}',-<\\ n as United States volunteer
regiments without State designation.
Amr. men, however, acknowledge that
this is mere conjecture based on the be
• lal such a plan would meet the re
ments of the situation. No hint
from Washington as to thi plans
;ir raising the new troops, it is called
to mind that great exertions wen made
by several of the States to get regiments
accepted for the Spanish war. A.s sunn
as tht regiments were mustered In the
applications began to pour in in have
many of the enlisted men mustered out.
The War Department was simply over
whelmed with requests from members of
Congress to permit tho discharge of en
list' il young men. The pressure to get
in was only equaled by the pressun to
set out.
l T nder the new call recruiting officers
will doubtless he allowed to exercise ;i
wide margin of judgment as t" thi re
jeotion "f young men w!m ran readily
pass the required mental and physical
examination. The resuli will be few ap
plications for discharge. The recruft will
understand at the outset that he will be
expected to servo wherever ordered for
th.' length of time designated in his en
listmeni papers. If the regiments are*not
allotted tn States there will be no State
influence Invoked ti> withdraw regiments
from the front while the enemy is threat
ening t'> advance. The hope is i scpn ■••■:
that the pull of politicians will not have
the greatesi weight In the appointment
(Hi r>rs to command the new army of
volunt ■
The recruiting officers In San FranHsm
will cet their share of good material for
enlistment. Many of the returning vol
lnit' its from the Philippines may de'eide
ii> re-enlist here fur another campaign.
The veteran volunteers would be very
useful m the ranks of new men and th<-ir
in the service would makt>
them available for non-commissioned if
not commissioned officers. The enroll
ment of the new army -will certainly give
s.m Francisco special prominence as a
recruiting and outfitting point. The next
year promises to be one of greal Import
ance to this <-ity.
A DANGEROUS MISTAKE.
Mary Turner Takes Bichloride of
Mercury, Thinking It Is
Medicine.
Mrs. Mary Turner, who lives at (ho cor
ner of Union and Leavenworth Btr<
had ;i narrow escape from death last ;
night. She was feeling ill and took some j
medicine from a bottle that she supposed
tied some harmless remedy. She
took the entire contents of ihr> bottle be
fore she discovered that it whs bichloride
of mercury- Realizing tho danger she
was in she notified her father of what she
had done. He called In a physician, who
at once sent the woman to the Receiving
Hospital, where Dr. Thompson applied
heroic earned ies. After working upon Airs.
Turner for several hours Dr. Thompson
eliminated .'ill of tlif poison from her sys
tem ami she will recover.
Reception to Seamans.
Thr> officers of tho Second Rrmarlp will
b r< •• mioii and banquet in thf
California Hotel on the ni^h; of the 27th
inst. in Adjutant General Seamans, re
cently appointed. Brigadier Genera] War
field and staff and such officers of the
First Rfeimont ;<s ar* here and those "f
th< Fifth Ri-tfimpnt will ho In attendance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 24, 1899.
SUPERVISORS PLEDGE
THE ONE DOLLAR TAX
Mayor and the Board Will Keep
Their Platform Promise.
They Declare That the City fiovernment Can Be Run
for a Year on Three Million Five Hundred
Thousand Dollars in Taxes.
£f-t r-Cs A TOR niET.AX and a ma
//\J/\i - 1 " rit >' of the Board of
II \( \i Supervisors declare that
II J\ >\ they will keep the promise
which they made to the
people that nominat ed and elected them
and will fix a tax rate for the coming
fiscal year at not greater than $1 on a
hundred upon an assessed valuation of
$350,000,000. This means that the Super
visors will not raise by taxation more
than $3,500,000. no matter what the as
sessed valuation of the property may
be. The reiteration of this pledge at
this time is of vital importance to the
city. If the promise be kept taxpayers
will save at least 40 cents on every $100
valuation in their property. The re
newal of the pledge is timely also as
the Supervisors will be called upon soon
to fix the tax rate.
It seems, therefore, that the city has
at last elected municipal officers who in j
one important matter will keep their
pledges to the people. The tax rate last
year was $1 31 on an assessed valuation
of (352,000.000. The difference between
that and what it will be this year may
readily be seen, but the entire saying j
to taxpayers is not all included in the
comparison. Assessor Washington
Dodge has assured the Mayor and
members of the Board of Supervisors
that the assessed valuation of real
property will exceed $350,000,000. It will
be at least $375,000,000, and probably
(400,000,000.
If it be the latter figure the rate to
taxpayers will he SV I ,^ cents, instead of
$1 31 as it was last year. This will be
absolutely the meaning of the promise
of the Mayor and the Supervisors ex
pressed in other terms. A dollar rate on
$350,000,000 means a total taxation of
$3,500,000. A rate of S7*£ cents on $400.
--000,000 means precisely the same reve
nue. If the assessed valuation reaches
$400,000,000 the rate will then be 87&
cents. This fact, coupled with the re
newed and absolute promise of the
Mayor and Supervisors, should be a
matter for general congratulation.
In discussing the matter yesterday,
Mayor Phelan and a. majority of the
Supervisors were frank. Both the
Democrats and the Republicans were
pledged liy their party platforms to a
tnx rate of %\ on an assessed valuation
of $350,000,000. They were, therefore,
with three exceptions, absolutely with
out qualification in their promise to
keep their pledge. Supervisor Black
favored keeping his promise, but wan
not surp enough of his ground to ex
press an opinion. Supervisor Kalben
wants to observe his party pledge, hut
is not altogether safe in doing so, ;is
imperative public improvements may
induce him to violate it. Supervisor
Collins considers the whole matter as
a joke, which is certainly justified by
the unfortunate fact of his official ex
istence. With a peculiarly offensive
blackguardism which is his character
istic, he declined with an oath to dis
cuss thr> affair.
The situation in r^fcr^ncf to thf> tax
levy was ably summarized by Mayor
J'hflan In his message t<> tlio Rnard of
Supervisors delivered on th<^ 3d day of
last January. Jn that message Mayor
Phelan said:
The entire Board of Supervisors In
pledged to conduct the city government
on :i basis of SI on each $100 of $350
fMift valuation, which would yield $3.500,
l'lus revenue from other sources, $1,443,515,
' making a total of $4,943,515 for city and
o.unty purposes; to which :i<l(i such Itema
as are probablj outside the pledge. deficits
amounting to $321,000, and for which you
are not responsible; salaries for extra po
lice, $30,600; judgments, Interest and sink
ing fund, approximating $75,000. I esti
mate, therefore, tliii the board can keep
Its pledge and raise the total of these
amounts $5,370,115. As the revenue for
ihe curreni i:-c;il year for city purposes
was $6.089,906 73, a retrenchmeni for the
next fiscal year of $719,791 is necessary.
This will require on your part strict econ
omy, but there is -eason why, at the
same time, any department of the city
government should be crippled, because
you will find on Investigation a surplus
number of employes i" many departments
ami many employes who do not give the*
time for which they are paid to the city.
There is this much elasticity In our fiscal
system, however, thai the same revenue
may be derived by Increasing ihe assess
ment roll and at the same time reducing
the tax rate. There is no limit on this
except that Imposed by law, namely, the
cash value of property subject t>> taxa
tion. The facts arc thai the property
of the small householder is fully assessed,
while the property of the quasi-public
corporations, principally. Is grossly un
dervalued. In a communication to the
Hoard of Supervisors on July it last year
1 showed that seven street railway and
lighting corporations in this city were un
d< rassessed $32,721,199. That represented
| the difference between the selling price*
| of their stock and bonds in thp market
and the total valuation of their tangible
property as assessed. This is due to the
failure of the Assessor to properly a.-srss
the franchises of these corporations which
should l>e. valued according to the rule
' upheld by the Supreme Court In the case
of the Sa.n Jos-t <ias Company vs. Jan
uary. As just stated, the Assessor and
this Board of Supervisors are pledged by
Hieir party platforms to this rule, which
will largely increase the assessment roll
and the city's resources.
The Mayor supplemented his message
yesterday with a renewal of his party
pledge and a reiteration of his belief
that the Indicated tax rate Is sufficient.
"I certainly believe," he said, "that a
dollar rate on each $100 of $.".".0,000,000 is
sufficient to maintain the city govern
ment. By this I mean that such taxa
tion is sufficient for the current ex
penses of the government. In this I
contemplate no permanent improve
ments, such as school houses, munici
pal buildings, hospitals and sewer sys
tem. Jf the people of San Francisco
want these permanent improvements
the city should he bonded. It is ab
surd to build a Hall of Justice out of
one year's taxation.
"I believe, therefore, that $H.r.no.nno is
a sum ample for the administration of
the government."
The majority <>f the Board of Super
visors, irrespective of party principles.
were likewise emphatic The opinions
of each member are gfven, as follows:
SUPERVISOR HEYER—
I propose to live up to the strict let
ter of my pledge. I am convinced that
the dollar-limit method of taxation
will furnish us ample funds on which
to run the local government. It was
"ii thai pledge that we were elected.
Every Supervisor agreed to the propo
sition when he accepted his nomina
tion, and the fact that we were elected
by the people is ample proof that the
clause In our platform relating to the
dollar limit was wholly satisfactory to
them. It the general public should by
i any chance believe that they should be
taxed more than the amount indicated
In our platform, let them lay the bur
di n of the blame on the Republican
[■arty. You can assure the people for
me that I will stand by my pledge.
SUPERVISOR AIGELTINGER—
You may quote me as Baying that I
am strongly in favor <>f a dollar tax
limit. It was a pledge I took when I
received my nomination and I d<> not
propose to break it. I am in favor of
everything that is for the best'inter
ests of the people, and as they have
expressed their desire f.>r a tax levy
of one dollar "ii a $350,000,000 basis, T
pmp.. so to carry nut their wishes. The
matter is one of momeni and has occu
pied my mind for some time. I earnest
ly believe that the affairs of the city
and county can be adequately adminis
tered on that amount. When the mat
ter is brought up in board I will stand
by my pledge to my party's platform
and to the will ..f the people.
SUPERVISOR ATTRIDGE—
1 think 1 ran express the feeling of
the entire board when I say that we
all favor the dollar limit. Personally I
believe we can even get below that
amount, and I intend doing my utmost
to do it. The matter of taxation is one
in which all citizens are vitally inter-
ested, and when they elected us to of
flce it was upon the understanding that
we would cany out their desires. The
platform of the Republican party fav
ored a dollar limit, and as 1 pledged
myself to uphold its planks I will not
at this late day prove false to the
pledge I gave when given the nomina
tion.
SUPERVISOR PERRAULT—
I went before the people pledged t'>
give thorn a $1 tux limit on $350,000,000,
and having i>oen chosen to cany oul
their behests I for one intend doing
?<■>. l believe that the municipality can
be run on the amount to be obtained
by a $1 tax limit cm a basis of $350,000,
--000. pins the revenues from other
sources, which will amount to about
$1,443,000. 1 appreciate the danger of a
crisis in £!>!:,.■ of the* departments of
thp city government, but think they
may be -avoided by strict economy in
public Improvements. If those crises
do come the Supervisors should not be
blamed, us they arc only carrying out
the expressed wishes of their constitu
ents in giving them tho $1 tax limit.
SUPERVISOR LACKMANN—
I pledged myself to stand by the plat
form of the Republican party, which
expressly provided for a $1 tax limit
on a basis of $350,000,000. and T propose
keeping my promise. I am of the opin
ion that the affairs of the municipality
can be. run on that basis. I feel that
there are a lot of outside improvements
needed, but if these improvements can
T-lale's.
937-947 ffl <^®<^ S.F/sjrreat
Market M//M/(^^^'^^ >^^ ;: '^^^^ > esl mail
Street. /a/ -^L^: —^ — -^s^ ftr!lcr hfus^
millinery ' summer silks
redactions reduced ■
Stock taking time. Reduction time for us. Assortments on popular lots are broken; other
Wearing time and saving time for you. lines have lagged: tardy shipments tumbling
Hat shapes, were 25 and one, now 1 !»«• in; all to go, and they must go quickly.
Hat shapes, were 50c and 75c, now 35c snks that were $1.25 now .....75c
Hat shapes, were $1 and $150, now 7.'m- Silks that were 1-00 now <;o<«
• Hat shapes, were $175 and $2, now $1 (Ml snks that won . 75c now 4Oc
(These reductions are only on the broken lots.)
sailor hats for 25c f . r? d ttCR d ijk
English Milan Sailors, Montauk shapes, a. 1 UIV IvIIWIVVU tJllllJ
pretty little sailor, fine for the country or a
vacation trip, neat as wax, black, blue or Striped Swivel Silks — A big lot bought for
navy; on the tables to-morrow, each -."•«• early shipment. The tardy maker took th«
loss. Head: for you to-day ;M about one-third
aVlitV CQirltlir Jrt JavAC what you would expect to pay. A 20-inch fabric
BFSi' S?IVSIiy 111 yiflVtfS in striped effects, in all the ne-\e..*i shadings;
H/l^ kJVL T 11J£ I" §»v fVJ a $1.25 silk for you at Hale . to-day ... 7 .- M .
2-clasp Gloves for 50c. One of the strongest Satin Striped Silk— Swell satin ribbon strip*
items we have ever offered from the glove de- on taffeta ground. It was clean-up time with
partment. 407 2-clasp lamb skin gloves will the maker Some of the swellest lots were
be placed on sale to-day at one-half the rep- closefl ont ((1 Hale - S at a snap of a prirp
ular price. A large importer had this lot left .**.■, ...-.V-.' 1 . . i •
on his hands at the end of the season. We s " n <lf tno Prettiest stripes we have seen.
bought them at a very low cost with the selling at $1.25. These for you at Hale's for,
derstandlng that they were to be closed out per yard 7."m*
at once. They come in browns, tans, greens. ._. , , _ „ . _„. , , , ,  •
blues, blacks and whites. As good as many Black Taffeta— soo yards of good, heavy black
$1 gloves we have seen. Selling will be con- taffeta silk, 10 inches wide: a tine all-silk
ducted on special tables in aisle .No. 1 for, fabric; best dye: excellent finish; the entire
per pair sOc ' 500 yards to be closed out at, per yard....6Oc
Dog Collar Belts. At the height of hostilities Fancy Silks-Many lines of the most popular
Se°nora HerS^ i.^Y hS^K J Btr * ea and checks have been sold until assort-
nard dog. It had attracted considerable at- ments aro broken. All kinds, at all values,
tention (as it had accompanied her in her These to" be closed out to-day and to-morrow
walks), particularly the jeweled collar it wore. at, per yard 40c
After its death she kept her favorite ever " _,_,. , _ 
before her by wearing its collar as a belt. Black Figured Grenadines— An elegant fabric,
The fashion spread from Cuba to the United in tno finest French effects; all pure silk;
States, and now reigns as one of the fads of imported for Hale's California stores; 44
the season. Dog collar belts are heavily inches wide. Many folks could not afford to
studded with steel points, locked with a lock pay $2.50 for this line; it did not sell rapidly
and key. For sale at Hales. . each. £from enough; therefore we have cut the price for
'° '"* " . a speedy closing to, per yard $1.50
Mexican carved leather Belts. Prices rang-
ing from 75c to $ 1 ."»<)
Stamped leather Belts. An excellent imita- ' /■•gf/^lr Cl/"f faC
tion of Mexican carving, each, from 25c • IJIILEV Nil 1 1 IN
to 45c *»»*^** V**
Duck Skirts— duck skirts, part plain and
IJ-l-',, L.- J aZ+»**>~ part in stripes. We bought a big lot at about
11 / I IP X UPISBIIfiOV one-third the usual cost. Somebody loses
lIUIV O il/VilillU<LO money 39c each
Crash Separate Skirts — Assorted colors, in
White Blankets, all wool, every thread, 50 | stripes, brown, green, blue and red: full
pairs in the lot, 72x54 inches, double bed size; | width: perfect hanging: a swell garment. You
$4 50 quality to be closed out at, per would expect to pay $1.35. To force the trad-
pair $;{ »,1 ing a little SJ)c each
White crochet Bed Spreads. 176 white cro- Duck Skirts— 24o full width separate duck
chet bed spreads, 72x54 inches, all hemmed skirts, plain white, navy or black. These
and ready to use; 75c kind to be closed out skirts hang perfectly, are thoroughly well
to-day at, each — <».'{»• tailored, and will give excellent service. At
Every one of the above items are strong val- Hale's 85) c each
ues. They are worthy of the careful atten- Separate 'rash Skirts, wide hems; a good, ser-
tion of any one wishing to practice economy. viceable little skirt: thoroughly well made and
We ask you to read them carefully. perfect hanging; nice for picnics 41) c each
not be granted inside of a $1 limit, and
I would like to see them consummated,
I would rather wait until the charter
goes into effect, so that these improve
ments can be included in the proposed
bond issue.
SUPERVISOR PHELPS—
The $1 tax limit on $350,000,000 is
agreeable to me. Judging by Assessor.
1 >odge's statement the assessment could
be raised and the percentage lessened.
I am perfectly willing to do so-. If it is
not done 1 am willing to abide by the
platform of my party and vote for the
best interests of the people.
SUPERVISOR BLACK—
I have not fully made up my mind on
the subject, but It would seem to me
that a $1 tax limit on the amount men
tioned would be the proper thing. The
matter is an important one and I wish
to examine Into it more thoroughly be
fore expressing my views. I will be
better able to say something in the
matter within a short time, when T will
bo more conversant with the subject.
You can say. however, that I will vote
for whatever will be for the hnnotit of
San Francisco.
SUPERVISOR KALBEN—
There are lots of improvements to be
made within the present year, and 1 ani
afraid that if we limit ourselves to
$::,noo,ooo we will not he able to" carry
on the affairs of the municipality and
mako th^se improvements. I therefore
am not in favor of limiting ourselves to
the sum mentioned, as it is likely t"
be insufficient. With a. $5,000,000 taxa
tion wo could easily do it. I am per
fectly willing to stand by the plat
form of my party, but I am puzzled
to know how we are g"ing to carry out
its plank. However, you can say that
I will be governed by the sentiment of
my fellow members, and will also have
the best wishes of my party and the
People in mind when I vote on the tax
levy.
SUPERVISOR HOLLAND—
I intend to stand by the people ami
live up to the platform on which they
elected me. I firmly believe that wo
can raise enough money on which to
conduct of local affairs by taxing
property on the dollar limit basis on an
assessed valuation ..f $350,000,000.
SUPERVISOR COLLINS—
Pamn it; don't bother me. I am
busy.
SUPERVISOR BYINGTON—
During the campaign 1 stated to the
people I addressed that I stood square
ly upon th^ platforms to which 1 had
pledged myself. The platform of the
Democratic and the non-partisan party
declared In favor of a one-dollar rate
upon a three hundred and fifty million
dollar valuation. I intend to abide
strictly by this pledge and will under
no conditions vote for a rate to. exceed
that amount. I d<> not countenance the
proposition that a candidate for office
<an go before the people and pledge
himself to a. particular line of conduct
and then when in office declare that an
emergency has arisen that justifies him
p>iiiK beyond his pledge — for example,
exceeding the one-dollar limit. I know
of no such crisis having arisen during
the last year and will certainly live up
to my pledge, as 1 have endeavored to
live up to every pledge made at the
time of my nomination.
I believe that if in the letting of con
tracts and in the furnishing of supplies
to this city strict economy was the
watchword, the legitimate expenditures
could be provided for by keeping with
in the one-dullar limit, taking into con
Hales.
i sideration the income from ither
sources. I for one am ready to labor
to see that they do n<>t exceed the
pledge that all Supervisors made to the
citizens of this municipality. At the
same time, I stand for public improve
ments and desire to see this city beau
: tified in every manner possible, hut in
the beautifying the city let its public
j servants keep economy In view anel the
j interest of the taxpayer.
| SUPERVISOR DEASY—
When I went before the people for
election they were given to understand
that I would oppose any proposition
which would mean excessive taxation
j for them, and I intend to keep my
| word. I will not vote for any tax levy
j that calls for a rate of taxation over
anel above th<* dollar limit on an as
sessed valuation of $350,000,000.
Democrats in the Forty-Fourth
A meeting of t.h • Democrats of the
Forty-fourth Assembly District was held
last evening ai Washington-square Hall.
It was piesided over by Guid K. Cagiieri,
.r. L. Market acting as secretary- •'■ •'•
Barrel addressed the assemblage and
touched upon the necessity of Democrats
pulling together during the coming cam
paign. He favored .iiui urged the selec
tions of delegates under the new primary
election law and believed that the people
should have a voice in all matters- of iiw
kind. Ofcar Kupper introduced a resolu
tion, -which was adopted, providing for
the election of delegates to the city con
vention, the concluding paragraph being
as follows:
The enrolled members of this club shall
meet In this hall on the 27 1 1 i day of July.
at v o'clock p. ni.. and the chairman and
secretary of this dub shall call a caucus
of the residents of each general election
precinct in the district together, and they
shall select by ballot one of their number
to represent their precinct on :;tid chin
ticket.
, •-<»-•
Uphold the Stratton Law.
At a meeting of tjio Forty-: i cond As
sembly District Democratic '?lub. presid
ed over by James O'Conner, last night,
resolutions were passed Indorsing the
Stratton primary election law .nul placing
the brand of condemnation on uny in
dividual or citizen striving: to deprive the
citizen of liis just and legal rights.
MEMORIAL SERVICE.
Impressive Ceremonies by the Friday
■: Night Lodges, I. 0. 0. F.
San Francisco f.,odge No. 3, Apollo
Lodge No. 1:23. Ophir Lodge No* 171 an.l
Sargent Lodge No. 368 of the San Fran
cisco Odd Fellows, known as the Friday
I night lodges, held memorial services last
night in the Memorial Hall of the odd
1 Fellows' building. There was a full nt
! tendance of the members of each lodge
and a great many members of other
lodges, including the Rebekahs. A num
ber of addresses appropriate to the occa
sion were made and excellent music fur
i nished by H. W. Patrick of Apollo Lodge.
The ceremonies were very Impressive and
the principal address r>y M. M. Estee,
past grand master of California, was
most eloquent and touching.
■ ♦ .
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHIP T :T Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is pure.
. ♦ . •
Battered an Old ivan
Crnrgp Bnlter. ~i \ ears of age. who i
connected v.iih the Pacific Lithographing
Company, swore to a complaint in Judge ;
Conlan*? court yesterday for the arr<
:,( i). :;. Kernme. a man -> v'^trs
of age. on the charge of Lattery. He al
leges thai X*. mm. called upon him rmirs
day as m the purchase of some stone 3.
and (luring a discussion as to the price
lumnif struck him.
Ra? Time, Good Time, Big Time.
I Kapp A Street, tamnl? gn.it.-.; nichi time.
Franks Gets Two Years.
Eugene Franks, the "dope fiend" who
makes his living by stealing packages
from the top of mail boxes, pleaded guilty
in Judge Graham's court yesterday to
four charges of petty 'larceny, and the
Judge sent him to the County Jail for
Hales.
f.x months on each charge, making two
years altogether. He has served six
months for a similar offense.
SAN FRANCISCO STATE
NORMAL SCHOOL PLUM
TRUSTEES MAY ELECT PRESI
DENT TO-NIGHT.
Numerous Applicants for the Posi
tion Are Anxiously Waiting
to Learn Their Fate.
The new San Francisco State Xorma\
School will be organized to-night if State
Superintendent of Public Instruction Kirk
arrives to-day, as expected, to attend a
meeting of the recently appointed trus
tees.
The Board of Trustees recently organ
ized with S. C. Denson as president and
U. G. \v. L»inkelspiel as secretary. Since
then they have been talking over plans
for the new educational institution and
wrestling: with the many applicants for
the "presidency." as the prlncfpalship of
of the State Normal School is termed in
the latest law. The president of the
State Normal School is to be elected to
night if Mr. Kirk arrives, and many am
bitious and anxious candidates await tho
result of the meeting.
Rumor makes it seem likely that the
plum will go to one of three of the appli
cants. These are: Fred Burk. president of
the State Teachers' Association, whoso
last and recently vacated position was
principal of the schools of Santa Barbara;
Mr. Chllds the former well-known prin
cipal of the Shu Jose. State Normal
School, and R. H. Van Horn, principal of.
the Vacaville High School. Miss Laura
Fowler, so long principal of the old San
Francisco Normal School, which the new
State institution succeeds, Is also one of
the aspirants with strong influences at
her bark. If she is not made the presi
dent she will likely become one of the in
structors. _ r _,
Among the other candidates are w . TV.
Anderson of AJameria. Washington Wil
son late of the staff of the Chico State
Normal School; ,T. M. Greenwood. Super-,
intendent of the Kansas City Schools; W
M. Kern Superintendent of Schools of
David City. Nebr.. and Thomas L.
Heaton recently an Instructor in the Uni
versity 'of California.
The last Legislature provided by law for
• i o n Board of State Normal School
Trustees, which is supposed to work uni
form! v In all the State Normal Schools In
various ways. and Mr. Kirk las called a
meeting of this board for July 12 in Los
Angeles.
our c SATURDAYS specials.
Family Flour, 50-lb sack 75c
Strictly High Grade Regular 90c.
Choice (Petal™ Rand) Eggs, d0z...20c
GUARANTEED FRESH.
Extra (CQOIC3 Creamery) Butter 30c
Squares. Regular S.V.
',• • us pack your butter while it is cheap.
You will save money in winter. No charges
for packing.
Eastern (Snai-Cired) Hams I Vie
Regular 13V-C.
Murk, has advanced and will go still higher.
Royal Baking Powder 40e
Found ran. Regular 4.Jc.
Imported (Trench Castile) Soap 25c
Virgin white. Full weight, 3 pounds. Reg-
ular 30c. ..
Cox's (Sparkling) Gelatine, pkg 10c v
Largest size. Regular '.' r 'C.
PAMPIVfi fiPIKIK filled at short notice and .
VAMnnU UKUti(3 dipped free of charge.
1348-1354 Market Street.
. Opp. 7th. 'Phone S. 'J??. No Branch Stores.