AoMMi: I.XXXVII-NO. 12.
OLANGAPO OCCUPIED
BY AMERICAN TROOPS
General Young's Forces Divided and
the Pursuit of Aguinaldo Con=
tinued Under Difficulties.
MANILA. Dec, 11.— The advance
gxiard of General Grant's com
mand under Major Spence arrived
at Olangano. - Mr Bay. during
the nlpht of Saturday. December
' 5" which place was occupied with
little resistance, the enemy fleeing. Ma
jor Sr»enoe had an arduous march over
the mountain trails from J>lnalupihlan.
Yesterday morning the Baltimore and
Oregon and a chartered transport ar
rived at Olangapo from Manila. Th«
navy was disappointed to iind the army in
posj=cßs|n n of the place, which they had
hop.«d to capture, a detachment of ma
rines under Captain Myern occupied the
r.avy-yard at olangapo and will bold it
as a naval station. The yard consists of
KYen new. large buildings ami some re
pairing and machinery shops, all dam
aged by the bombardment of September
a.
During the morning of December 10 the
navy transports! Major Fpenee's com
mand from Olangapo to the town of Su-
We. I've mile* distant. The enemy was
Feen deserting Sublg an the troops landed,
and the latter occupied It without resist
ance. They found the place abandoned
by the retreating enfmy, who fired a law
thots. The Americans deployed to the
right and left of the town and killed one
of the enomy. General Grant and the re
mainder of his command arrived at
Olnngapo yesterday afternoon. He will
proceed to-day to Subig and join Major
Spcnce. General rant will move north
along the coast and will effect a Juncture
■with the Twenty-fifth Infantry, under
Colonel Hurt, who was reported eight
mile? from It>a December T. The enemy
encountered In General Grant's" advance
flej to the mountains and scattered. Gen
eral Grant Is not garrisoning the towns
he occupies. No casualties are reported
Jn his command.
•mher
■
lla by
The military win
• ro oonUanoasly
1 with
% Ap-
cording to thefce advices General Young
was at Condon, November 2t>. having
three troup* of the Third Cavalry. Cun
ninj;ham> scouts and Major March'n bat
talion f.f the Thirty-third Infantry. The
nominal strength of his command had
been reduced one-third by sickness. The
hordes were w<>ra "tit and handicapped
by lark of shor-s. The infantry, after a
marrh of a hundred miles from San Ja-
cinto. were shoeless and all were living
on the «-<iuntry. The troop* had no am
munition except what they carried ■:,
their belt*. General Young, huvlr.tr then
been without communication with Gen
eral Lawton for ten days and not know-
Ing the disposition of the other troops or
whether support was being sent forward,
resolved to keep moving.
Having rec< ived information that the
insurgent General Tino. with a thousand
men. uas somewhere to the north and
that Agulnaldo. with General Pilar. five
women and 400 soldiers of his faithful
Hulncan battalion, was in the mountain*
to the east. General Young derided, on
SCorember 2<i, to divide his force. He pro
ceeded hlmaelf toward Vigan. hoping to
Attack Tino with his handful of men and
to prevent his Joining Agulnaldo. Major
}.!nreh. with his battalion and Cunning
ham's scouts, started over the mountains
t"ward Cervantes "after Agulnaldo. who
vas reported to have been there on No
vember Z*. This column marched for
thirteen hours without food.
The Associated Press correspondent
fi.cn on to Fay: "The Americans found
that the Insurgents had Impressed the
Itorrotes. compelling thorn t«» <llr trenches
and to construct pitfalls alone the trails,
■which were fearful traveling at the host.
On«> stream had to be forded twelve times
In the course of a mile. These : naive,
t-tupld creatures, usually pictured as
Mnodthirsty savages, cheerfully returned
to undo their work and actually went for
aging for <he Americans. The llocos re
pion is the richest the Americans have
«ncountrr«d In the northern campaign.
The linens are prosperous, intelligent and
more than half civilized. They have ex
c<Jlent houses and carry on flourishing
Industries. Many of them are evidently
rich. Several towns received the troops
■with bands and the ringing of church
bells. Cattle were killed and houses were
opened to the troops.
"How much of this display was sincere
end how much due to n desire to propltl
nte the conquerors It would be hard to
ray. There were evidences that similar
hospitality had been extended to Agul
naldo. The people described him as cheer
ful, hugging the hope of salvation through
American politics anJ everywhere trying
to retain support by proclaiming with
iteming rlncerity that the United Spates
Congress would certainly recognize the
Independence of the Filipino republic in
Ijccember.
"Many of the natives exhibited note*
from Lieutenant Gilmore and other
American prisoners in which the 'recip
ients were commended to the Americans
on the pcore of klndmss shown to the
writers. There ore twenty-seven Ameri
cans with Lieutenant Gilmore. Another
party of fourteen was taken through
Ilocos a wf-ek ahead of General Young,
They were ragged and dirty, and the na
tives say some of them were urged for
ward at the point of the bayonet."
■♦•
JOHN SHERMAN'S
LATEST PROTEST
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 11.-In response
to an invltati'. n to attend an anti
'riperiallst mass-meeting to be held it the
Academy of Music ex: the centennial an
niversary of the death of Washlnrton.
December 14. the following letter has Ic.-n
received from cx-Seerctary "f State John
Eherrr.an. dated Washington, Dccembci 9:
"I have a strong conviction thai the
Pre*lcj«nt erred In sending soldlcrn to t^i«
I'hlMpplnen to take possession of thc.r
rouiitry. The United Statrs had wi*c>\.
ss I think. assisted the Filipinos In drlv.
Irq the Spaniards out of the Philippine
Inlands, and should, I think, have aided
them In protecting their country ni-atn.u
til assaults. '!•• no doubt was advised to
hdont the measures taken. and all I can
in is to express my rerrrets. Yours very
truly. JOHN SHERMAN."
3ENERAL LAWTON TAKES
MIGUEL WITHOUT A FIGHT
MANILA. Dec. 32. fl:S0 a. m.— General
Lawton. with the Thirty-fifth Infantry
and four troop* of the Fourth Cavalry.
tmM occupied San Miguel without a fight.
The San Francisco Call
I The insurgent commander. General Plo
j del I'l'ar. who made his headquarters
there with supposedly the largest force
j of insurgents north or Manila, Is believed
. to have divided his men into scattered
I bands. The inha!)ltants have petitioned
I for a strong garrison.
Colonel llayes. with cavalry, had two
j brushes ■with the insurgents, the Amert
. cans having two wounded.
Seventy insurgents attacked a commls
! sary bull train returning from Capas to
j Tarlac. The drivers escaped with the
I lo*fl of their rations and effects.
Captain Sturgis. with a troop of the
j Eleventh Cavalry, surprised forty in
; surgents under General Pando. "near
■ Norzargaray. The insurgents had a
I major and two privates killed, a lieu
tenant and three privates wounded and
1 a lieutenant and fourteen men, with
i twenty-one rifles, captured.
NAVY'S PART IN THE
SUBIG BAY AFFAIR
WABHINGTON, Dee. 11.— The following
tTnm has been received at the Navy
I from Admiral Watson telling
■ piay.-d by the navy In the oc
' B ibffl Hay:
MI.A. Dec. 11.— On the morning of
I the <uh about 11 o'clock I received a tele
i gram from Schwan asking, for Mac-
Arthur, our co-operation with Grant's
, forces scattered toward Olangapo. Subig
1 Hay. I suspended the Charleston court of
! inquiry nnd started the Fame evening for
! SuUg with the Baltimore, the Oregon and
J a company of marines from the barrack?.
We arrived at daylight on the 10th. with
landing parties organized. Found Major
Stevens in possession of Olangapo. having
arrived at dark on the 9th. Relieved th«
army forces with 100 marines. Myers com
manding. Transported the army detach
ment to Sublg. The town was abandoned
jon our arrival. Grant arrived in the aft
| ernoon. We left the Oreßon. the Garodqul
and the Mfndoro and returned to Cavlto
on the 11th. The Olanpapo navy-yard ma
■ chinery in in fair condition, the shops
I damaged only by the previous attack."
ARRIVAL AT MANILA
OF TWO TROOPSHIPS
WASHTNGTON. Dec 11.-The adjuta.it
| general received a telegram to-day saying
that the troopship Mc-ade. carrying the
Forty-third Volunteer Infantry. Colonel
Murray commanding, arrived at Aden, at
the southern extremity of the Red Sea,
this morning. He received word that the
transport I.ncan. carrying the Forty
first infantry Volunteers. Colonel Rich
| mond commanding, arrived at Port Said,
the entrance to the Suez Canal, yester
! day afternoon, with all well on board.
I These two regiments are on their way to
the Philippines.
General Ottn report* to the War De
partment the Brrf\-al at Manila of the
transports Conemaugh and I^eelanp.w,
with five officers, sixteen enlisted men.
seventy-eight civilians and 492 horses.
CASUALTIES NOT
PREVIOUSLY REPORTED
WASHINGTON, Dec IL General otis
- to the War Department th*- follow
ing • t PI "ly reported:
Wounded In actinn at Massing, Luiin, Xo
vfmbr 14, Third Infantry. I* Stone. Company
A. thl«h. moderate; at oval tits, Luzon. No
vember tl. Sixteenth Infantry. William W.
Tinrh. Company K. thigh, slight: at San
Miteo. L*izon. November 22. Sixteenth Infan
try. I,ewl» A. \\l!k»«. Company A. wrUt.
f-llftlit : John Ho(ten<. Company <_», Nvrk, severe;
ut Jaro. Tanay. November 21. Twenty-sixth
, Infantry. John Qultley, Company A. thlßh,
severe; at i:u..i and I'avla. I'anay. November
2:. Kijrhteenth Infantrj\ Robert B. ''alvprt.
frond lieutenant, chest, flight: Robert O.
Rrooklnjf. Comfiany H. thlKh. ullKlit; John
I->s<>r. Company I. leg, slight: Kdward K.
l^ir-khart. «'on.|iajiy C, scalp, slight: Henry
Harrett. flret rTgeant. 'lej;. xllKht.
Kr.V'l in action near lialluag. Luzon I >.-
I vftnhfT 4. Third Infantry. Patrick J. Sullivan
I Comiany G. * -
DECISION INVOLVING
FOUR MILLION DOLLARS
Ln Abra Claim Against the Republic
of Mexico Declared to Be
Fraudulent.
WASHINGTON. Dee. 11.— The United
States Supreme I'ourt to-<lay aflirmcd the
opinion of the Court of Claims in the case
of the claim of the I.a Abra Silver Mining
Company against the republic of Mexico,
holding: that claim to be fraudulent and
unfounfied. The claim was for about
$4.000.0(«.
The opinion was handed down by Jus
tice Harlnn. who w.ent fully Into the his
tory of the case. He paid that the claim
■«> ilrst ••' to the American-Mexi
can Commission in lWi was for J1.950.000.
but that it was afterward enlarged to
53.962.000. it »'»> bared upon the allega
tion that damage to this amount had been
done to the I.a Mini company by the.
Mexican authorities while th*- company
was operating in the Mexican State of
Durango. The commission, through its
umpire. Sir Edward Thornton, has al
lowed $653.041, and the case came before
the Supreme Court on appeal from a de
cision of the Court of Claims that fraud
had been perpetrated in presenting the
c lf\ m Ji ?" stlce Harlnn's opinion affirmed
this decision. He said that the evidence ,
kno wed that the whole story of loss on .
account of the misconduct of the Mexican *
authorities was Improbable and un
founded and that the company while
bankrupt, was not so because of 'the acts
of Mexican authorities. The effect of
this opinion is to bar any further nav
ni. lit to the La Abra claimants. ■
AMERICAN GIRL IS
GIVEN UP FOR LOST
' Schooner Left San Francisco for Se
attle Two Months Ago and Has
Not Since Been Heard Of.
SEATTLE. Dec. 11.— Local shipping
men have practically given up as lost the
schooner American Girl and the bark Co
| lusa. The former Is two months out from
San Francisco and the Colu«a left the
Hawaiian Islands October 21 bound for
Departure Bay. Each vessel had a crew
of perhaps fifteen men.
W. 11. Smith, part owner of the Ameri
can Girl, pays that he has not as vet
Klven uv all hope of the vessel reaching
port In safety. She was In charge of Cap
tain Vincent Rons and a crew of seven
men. She left San Francisco two months
I aso In ballast and was bound for Port I
Gamble to load with lumber. Ordinarily
•he makes the trip In seven days.
The Coluaa was sighted some days ago i
In a disabled condition and was so report
ed In The Call. _
Acquitted of Murder.
LOS ANGELES. Dec 11.— Charles T.
Moody was acquitted to-night of the
charge, of murdering his wife on the night
of September 15 last.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12. 1899.
GATACRE'S DEFEAT DELAYS THE
INVASION OF THE FREE STATE
CAPE TOWN, Dec. 12.— 1t is reported that heavy Sip- !
ing was heard all day yesterday in the direction of Modder ♦
River.
LONDON, Dec. 12, 4:40 a. m.
No further news has been re
ceived to remove the mystery
overhanging General Gatacre's
retreat from Stonnberg. He has
not yet forwarded the promised
additional message, and the cen
sorship has prevented the corre
spondents from explaining the
matter. Stormberg is described
as a stronger position than
Laings Xek. The only road
winds through lofty hills and
flanking is impossible. Coles
btirg is also said to be an almost
impregnable position and as no
troops are available to reinforce
the two columns acting in those
directions it becomes evident
that General Gatacre's misfortune
or error will delay the invasion of
the Free State perhaps some
weeks. It is exceedingly probable
that he will be compelled to retire
on Queenstown and to wait for
reinforcements, which can hardly
reach him until Sir Charles War
ren's division arrives at the Cape.
The first detachments will sail
Saturday next. Even if General
French is not compelled to re
treat he will be obliged to pause
in his advance.
It now seems certain that the
seventh division, which i< being
mobilized at Aldershot, will also
he sent to South Africa.
Xo news lias yet been received
: confirming the Boer report of the
capture of fifty prisoners at Mod
der River from Lord Methuen's
column.
PRETORIA, Dec. ii, via
Lonrenzo Marques. — The Boers
captured three British puns in the
engagement with ( ieneral Gat
acre's forces at Stormherp^.
The sortie at Kimherley last
: Saturday was an attempt to take
the Boer position at Camperdam
and to secure the water works.
All the British shots fell short.
1 )etails are expected from the
I Boer outposts in the direction of
BRITISH LOSSES TO DATE.
The following table, compiled from reports to the British War Office and the press dis
patches, includes the sortie from Kimberley of November 28, but does not take in Mafekina
and Buluwayo, concerning which no figures have been made public:
Killed. Wounded. Missing. Total.
To November 28—Officers 44 118 63 225
To November 28—Non-com, officers and men... 385 1,315 828 2,528
Modder River, November 28 76 386 ... 462
Ladysmith, Lombard's Kop, December 8 4 17 ... 21
Stormburg, December 11 1 25 599 625
Scattering since November 28 14 36 25 85
Grand totals 524 1,897 1,515 ■ 3,946
AN ESTIMATE MODE AT LONDON.
LONDON, Dec. 11.—It is just two months since the Transvaal ultimatum was delivered.
Nine engagements have been fought and the British have lost 566 killed, 2027 wounded and
1977 missing or prisoners.
CENTER OF INTEREST IN LONDON.
Studying the Casualty Lists Posted at the British War Office.
FREKE CAMP, Natal, Dec. 11, 7p. m— The British cavalry J
reconnoitered to-day abreast of Colenso and exchanged shots with <
parties of Boers, who fell back across the river. The kopjes were
observed to be thickly occupied by the enemy. <
The railway bridge at Colenso has been completely destroyed. 5
Two stone piers were blown up last night. The highway bridge is {
intact. *
Modder River. There is a report
that the British are advancing on
the plain and heavy fighting is
anticipated. (ieneral Prinstoo
and General Cronje command the
Boer forces.
LONDON. Dec. 12.-What little In
formation reached London last
night from the seat of war con
tained nothing pertaining to the
advance of General Buller or Lord
Hethoen.
I v tails of General Catacr^'s d.fent
■how that his column was guided Into a
position where, they were at the mercy
of a heavy Boer Ore. Ignoranoa or treacn
ery on the part of the guides and neglect
of proper reeonnoissanoe precautions ire
responsible for this serious setback to the
British arms.
It Is not yet known at what stage the,
600 men were cut off. A? at Nicholsons
Neck, It Is assumed to be certain that
they continued to give a good acount of
themselves as long as their ammunition
held out.
The result of the reverse is that Gat
a^re's advance Is delayed, as Is also that
of General French from Naauwpoort.
Stormberg Is now known to hold a far
greater force than was supposed; en
eral Gatacre will require powerful rein
forcements before he can make another
essay. It remains to be teen whether the
Boers, emboldened by their success, will
venture south to try to cut Gatacre*s line
of communication.
Before another ten days have panned
transports bearing the fifth division,
which Is to be commanded by Sir
Charles Warren, will begin to arrive In
South African waters. It Is almost cer
tain some of the newcomers will be hur
ried up. to strengthen the hands of Gat
acre and French and protect Methucn'3
line of communication.
Experts here would not be surprised to
find that a considerable part of the Boers
who were investing Ladysmlth had been
called off and hurried down to the south
ern part of the Free State to bar the ap
proach of the British from Northern
Cape Colony. The extreme mobility of the
Boers has always been one of their chief
sources" of strength.
, • General Boiler yesterday held a review
of troops at Frere Camp, probably as a
prelude to giving the order for an ad
vance. We are still without intelligence
of the fighting by Lord Methuens column
at Modder River, although it will be no
ticed, that the Boer telegram from Pre
toria states that General Cronje has sent
fifty prisoners to the Transvaal capital.
, One important, statement is that the
SENSATIONAL AFTERMATH
OF MERCENARY MARRIAGE
Unhappy Match of Adelbert Gale,
Brother of Mrs, Asa Fisk,
Bride and Groom of a Few Months Hurl
at Each Other Charges of Bigamy
and Blackmail.
AN order Issued yesterday by Judge
Daingcrneld granting the petition
of the defendant In the .suit of
Frankle Grant Gale against Adel
bert Orlando Gale for a change of
venue from San Francisco to Sonoma
County marks the beginning of a legal
contest which. If It reaches a final Issue,
will teem with sensational disclosures.
Frankie Gale is suing for an annulment
of her marriage to the defendant. She
alleges that her husband. Adelbert Or
lando. Is a bigamist. The husband, who
Is a brother of tho widow of the late Asa
Fisk. will contest the action on the
ground that his bride of but a few months
is an adventuress; that she married him
for the dollars »he thought he possessed,
and charged him with being ■ bigamist to
cover up her own sins in the same line
and prevent possible prosecution In Den
ver. Colo. Incidentally there are hints of
blackmail and Insinuations that Frankle
< Irani Gale baa hopes of securing balm
for the alleged bhock to her affections
from the fortune that passed Into the
hands of her husband's ulster, Mrs. Fisk.
Through all the story of scandal and ro
mance that Is interwoven throughout the
suit of Gale vs. Gale the Kink, fortune
mmm to torn a prominent part.
The litigants had been married but
three moiling when tho wife played her
nrst card in what Is claimed to be a des
perate game of blackmaJl. The wedding,
wnlch occurred at trie Geysers, in Sonoma
County, was a pyroloehiucai affair. Scenes
were enacted mere wmch rival in baccha
nalian revelry the wildest occurrences at
the famous French ball, and in wnlch
many prominent, people drantc champagne
and kicked the globes on! the •tecino
lights, blue by slue with painted beauties
wnose borne addrvrfsea are in San Fran
cisco's tenderloin. Frank Jordan. County
Cierk or Alameda, was a prominent figure
In the ceremonlea. And the bride — well,
even her husband did not know v. no she
was or whence she came. lit- had known
her but time weeks. She had made vio
lent love to him. lie could not resist her
cnarms, and m the wedding iook place.
The husband llnds himself charged with
being a bigamist, and trie custodians of
the ri>k tortune are taking every pre
caution to prevent the woman they claim
to be an adventuress from getting any
part of their properly. - . *■
loert Gale ana Oilman Gale, his
broiii. bacxed by their Bister's money,
were the lessees of the Geysers in Son
oma County. Adelbert is now running the
place all by himself as one of the results
ot the wedding, which has turned out so
disastrously, tor his brotner packed hi«
vtilise- and left the day before the cere
mony and he, has never returned.
It was while the Gale brothers were en
gaged in extending the "glad hand" to
summer guests that a dashing young
woman arrived on the stage one nay In
the middle of last July ana registered as
Miss Frankle Grant of Denver, Colorado.
She was accompanied by Mrs. Argle,
Pearl Elkina and Marie Wone, three
women who subsequently played star en
gagements In Gale's matrimonial drama.
Mr. Gale's nephew, who also enjoyed the
festivities that attended the wedding,
says now that he did not know at the
time the character of the last-named trio
or he might not have allowed them to be
bridesmaid:) at ills uncle's nuptial and
might have objected to them kicking the
globes off the electric lights.
.Miss Grant of Denver cast loving
glances at Adelbert Gale the day after
she arrived at the Geysers. He was some
what shy at tho start, but within ■ we*"k
she had won him and from that on until
a Methodist minister was brought up
from Cloverdale to make them man and
wife they were seldom out of each other's
company. Mrs. Argle. Pearl Klkins and
Marie W'one were close observers of the
love-making. They exchanged knowing
glances and held mysterious conversa
lions, while th« rest of the guests at the
hotel looked upon the affair of Adelbert
Gale and Miss Grant of Denver as a sum
mer flirtation and nothing more, Groat
was the surprise when the loving couple
announced, after a throe weeks' flirtation,
that they were going to be married and
that they had nettled upon August 5 as
the date of the ceremony. Mrs. Asa Flsk
was at the hotel at the time and so was
her son. Arthur Flsk. They did not offer
mnln Boor position If not nt Spytfonteln. I
but at Magrrsfonteln. a point on the rail
way nearer M odder River. They ar- at™ :
in force at Jacobsdaht, within the Free |
state border.
The sharp artillery duel between the
British howitzers and Boer puns on Satur
day ended in the latter being tempora
rily silenced, while the Boers did not reply
to the 4.7-inch naval gun.
For the moment the great turning of the
operations which had been going on in the
western Held stops. Lord Methuen. on
the extreme right, had been thrust for
ward to turn the Free Staters when they
would break toward Bloemfontein. As an
incident to the general plan to relieve
Klmberley, General French was creeping
up as a center line and occupied town
after town, conforming to Methuen a
movements.
At last the time came when the pivot of
the movement. General Gatacre's force,
should move forward. The strategic
necessity of seizing Btonnberg was ob
vious. It is the junction of the main line
from East London Into the Orange Free
State with the little branch line running
west, which, when the bridge recently de
stroyed and culverts have been repaired.
will give communication by rail between
Generals Gatacre and French. It was also
necessary to make a forward movement
on the center and right to keep the atten
tion of the Boer commanders, which
might otherwise fall upon Methuen's
weak line of communication.
Methuen has nearly accomplished his
share of the scheme. He has been suc
cessful at a great price In all his engage
ments. In all probability he has but one
more action at Spytfontein or Magcrsfon
tein before Klmberley will be relieved. He
Is more anxious about the long line of
communication behind him than the en
trenched position which he has sooner or
later to assault.
General French has had no great dlfn
i cultles in his way. He has advanced from
village to village v.ith the intention of
eventually occupying Colesburg and re
bounding into the Free State at Nocrahl
Point.
The first movement on General Gata
crc's part was to seize Stormberg if pos
| sible. This attempt has been defeated
and he has retired to Molteno. The effect
Of this on the future conduct of the cam
paign cannot be prophesied with any cer
tainty. General Gatacre will have to bo
I reinforced very strongly. General French
will have to pause in his advance. Lord
Methuen. once the final action for the re
lief of Klmberley is fought, •will have to
j turn his attention to the line of communi
| cation with De Aar.
PIUCE FIVE CENTS.
a protest to a wedding following •urn
v brief courtship. < >.. 01 the reasons was
that they were to., much astonished at
in. turn of affairs to mink >>t objecting.
The other reason WSJ that as moro than
forty-five y. ai s hud i> -i.-.- .1 over the h«*a.l
of Adelbert Orlantlo 1 1 1 »• > thouKht he had
reached the age of discretion, and tin;
wedding would not be their funeral.
County Clerk Jordan of AUmr.lo. was In
on the secret Ikl.ii.- any of the other
guesti at the Giy»en». and with rare
presence of mind undertook to spare the
prospective groom the embarrassment of
upplylng for a marrlaK** lict-nae. Mr
Jordan wrote out an attidavlt. in which
lie net forth that he knew of no reason
why Adelbert Gale of the Ge>»en» ami
Mirs Ciront of L>en\Vr should not bo
grunted a legal p. rmii to gvt married.
H« mailed the statement to County Clerk
Pulton of Sonoma, and then called the
latter up by telephone, told him what he
had done and swore over the wire that all
he had written wait the truth.
Sonoma County was shaken by the fes
tlvjiii-.-* that attended the wedding. The
pop of chumpagn** corks re-echoed
through the bills for weeks— even the
steaming geysers seemed to spurt forth
the . lit rv. .-H-. Nt liquor, but it is stated
that they gave up the Job of keeping
pace with the high temperature of the
occasion, and for days it was thought
that they had gone out of business.
The oniclating minister was Rev. C
Crlttcnden Mack of Cloverdale. Tartlet
pants suy that the re w rend gentleman
entered Into the spirit of the occasion,
but that his bride of four months, a prim
and proper little woman, was shocked be
yond expression at the manner in which
the party celebrated the event. The
bridesmaids were Mrs. Argle. Pearl
Klklns and Mary Wone. When the wed
ding banquet was nearly over Mrs. Argle
showed her utility by doing a cakewaltc
from one end of th( table to the other
without breaking a single champagne
glass. The other bridesmaids were not
behind the cakewalkrr In showing what
entrancing tricks th. > were capable of
performing.
And the champagne continued to pop
and wan still popping when the sun
awoke next morning.
All <>{ the guests i«»ft a few days after
the ceremony and the bride nnd groom
were alone with the beauties of the So
noma sevnery. Scenery was monotonous
to the bride, and on the plea of Illness shu
prevailed upon her husband t-> brine her
to this city, 11. nursed her here for six
week*, when she to. him th it she had
recovered and for htm to return to tho
Geyser*. He did not want to go without
her, but she overcame hU objections by
the assertion that she was not yet strong
enough for th>- Journey and would Join
htm m a f< « days. He left San Francisco
the morning of October 27. somewhat
lonesome, but happy in the thought that
his bride would soon Join him. A couple
of hours after Gale detained from tho
city Attorney Joseph Jtothchlld. repre
senting the wife, filed ■ Bull In th« Supe
rior Court of San Francisco for an annul
ment of the marriage on tho ground that
Gale had .1 wife living when he wedded
Miss Frankte Grant of Denver. The com
plaint docs not state who the first wife Is,
where the ceremony was performed or
where the alleged Mrs. Gulc No. 1 is at
present residing.
Arthur Fink, who Is attorney for Gale,
says that the Geyser affnlr Is his client's
first matrimonial venture, and from tho
exciting events that attended It and fol
lowed in such rapid succession he Is quits
certain It will be his last It I* hi* belief
that Miss Grant of Denver had learned
that Gale was a brother of Mrs. Flsk.
Jumped at the conclusion that he was
wealthy and set a tr;ip tr> rapture his for
tune, When she awoke from her drram
of luxury and gold and found that It was
only a vlflon she undertook the suit with
the bigamy allegations in the hope that
Mrs. Fl.'k would com* to her brother's
rescue and prevent the threatened scan
dal with a handsome consideration.
Attorney Rothrhlld urnted to a Cull
reporter that he was endeavoring to fffect
a settlement In fix- litigation and that If
he wan successful th^rr would be no pros
ecution. If money was really thr object
of Ml- Grant's love-making nhe has woe
fully failed In her calculations, for thu
Fisks and the Gales do not Intend to
yield an Inch. They have fought to have
the case transferred to Sonoma County
and have nucce^ded. They do not bellavo
that the plaintiff will follow the litigation
that far away.
The west mast cahte Is n/rnln Interrupt
ed, necessitating the ■ending of every
thing by th» «nst coast route. Thfs
means another delay In dispatches, the
first effvet of whlrh was felt last night.
MANY PRISONERS TAKEN
BY BOERS AT STORMBERG
PRETORIA. Dec. 11.— Six hundred and
seventy-two British prisoners were taken
at Stormberg. In the fighting at Mod
der River yesterday evening. Genera!
Cronje maintained his position and cap
tured fifty British soldiers.
BRITISH AT LADYSMITH
NOW ON HALF RATIONS
LOURENZO MARQUES. Dee. 11.—
following dispatch has been received from
the Boer laager near Ladysmlth: "Sev
eral Kaffir runners from I.adysm • to
Estcourt have been captured. They re
ceived from Cli to £40 for the trip. The
Intercepted messages show that men and
horses In Ladysmlth are now on half
rations, that whisky Is £1 a bottle and
that beer Is exhausted."
FRENCH AND GERMAN
COMMENT ON THE DEFEAT
PARIS. Dec. 11.— The news of General
Gatacre's reverse made an Immense Im
pression In Parts. Although the afternoon
papers predict the gravest consequences
In the disaffected portion of Cap« Colony,
they cannot be accused of unseemly exul
tation over British misfortune. : ». "
Most of the journals see In the defeat
an undoubted trap laid by Boers working
In conjunction with Dutch traitors. Th«
Journal .1 ••- Debats epitomizes the general
opinion, raying that Sir Alfred Mllner has
threatened In vain to overwhelm the dis
loyal Dutch with tho thunderbolts of Brit
ish wrath and that 'even he must to-day
admit that race sympathy Is stronger
than loyalty. It sees In the attitude of
the Afrikanders the inevitable result of
the tactless language of the British press
In referring to the war as a struggle be
tween tho British and Dutch for suprem
acy in South Africa.
The Temps says: "The story of the am
bush at Stormberg reads like a chapter
from Cooper's The Spy.* The situation
resembles that of tho American war of
Independence, when the colonists devoted
themselves to deceiving, misleading tad2
NEW AVitWCAN CONSUL AT PRETORIA.
Adelbert 8. Hay. who succeeds Consul Uacrum at Pretoria. Is the son of
Secretary of State Hay tuij Is a young man of exemplary character and
proved ability. His selection by the President for this Important post la highly
pra.tlf.vlnK to the President himself ana to the British lepreseniatlves here.
The consulship at Pretoria is something of a diplomatic post fust now,
or. to Fjx'ak more accurately, requires Fomethlns of diplomatic ability in
the man who holds it. Mr. Marrum has b«-en thought capable in that "line,
'" : his j>or*onaJ desires binder him from continuing la the office. Young Mr.
Hay is no stranger to diplomatic usages. Tie got the courtly flavor as a
member of the family of Colonel Hay when that gentleman was Embassador
at Ijondon— the most dexlrabla embassy en the list. He is thoughtful, mature,
thoroughly American and can absolutely Le depended upon to carry out the
Instructions of this Government.
WASHINGTON, I>< <\ v. -Secretary Hay has cabled to United States Con
pul Stanley Hollls at Lourenxo Mniqucs, Portuguese East Africa, directing him
to proceed to Pretoria and take charge of the United States consulate there
up<>n the departure of Mr.'Macrum. Tills will obviate the necessity of ac
cepting the services of Mr. Atterbury. who had been designated by, Mr Ma
erum to take his place. Mr. Hollls will serve as Consul at Pretoria only until
the arrival there of Adelbert S. Hay.
■
:it >> r
■
-
■
' icrman in
I
The Voj-slsehc Zoitung comments In a
FtraJn almost friendly, paying: "After
the soldierly virtues which th« British
have already s-howmln this war it may
veil be ixMievt-d that tVn«»ral tiatacro's
tr<>op« fell as if on the parade grounds."
The Neueste Nachrirhton asks Jf it Is
against Knsllsh custom to reconnoltor
b-fore attacking. The Deutsche Ta^es
Z^-Stung Is about the only paper this oven-
Ing which is distinctly anglophubiau in its
comments.
BOER GUNS SILENCED
BY LYDDITE SHELLS
MOpnnn RIYETI. Cape Colony. Sunday
Evening. December 10.— The naval . ;-inih
pun again took up a position north of the
camp this afternoons white the howitzer
battery wan pasted southeast <-n the left
Of the Borrs. Both npon<-d a tiot fire with
lyddite shells nn.l shrapnel, to which the
Boer* n-plled sharply wiih v doren puns,
thus unmasking thtir podtlonj which was
the objf-ot of the British maneuver. After
an hour's firinK th<* Boer guns were
tllencr«l. The howitzers silenced the
trenches a.nd then threw sholl after shell
upon the hills, the explosion of the lyddite
cuus-lnjj the whole ground over on exten
sive area to rise in the air In der.*e brown
clouds. A Bfor lone gun w;is dismantled.
■••v at
•■in is
: • unwilling
I from
DUBLIN'S LORD MAYOR
DENOUNCES THE WAR
nrni-TN. Dec. 11.— The Lord Mayor of
Dublin. Daniel Tallon. presided at a meet
ing of the corporation to-day, called to
protest -igalnst the Transvaal war. The
clerk announced that there was no
quorum. i:ut the I>ord Mayor Insisted on
making a vtatomont. In which he declared
that the var was a wanton and unpro
voked appTCFMon. undertaken by Mr.
Chamberlain and capitalists "against a
handful of farmers." He further de
clared that America was "opposed to this
Iniquitous iiar."
1: th" meantime the members present
rhouted "No quorum" and "Order," ax.d
the tumult In the galleries drowned ill •he
rpeechi^. Eventually the I«rd Mayor
left the h.Mr with the galleries cheering
for President Kruger. No attempt was
made to r.dopt the previously prepared
resolution .iK.iii.st the war.
ON SUSPICION OF
BEING BOER SPIES
PART Dec, ll.— Two American
commercial travelers, who have arrived
here, ray they were detained at Queens
town on Fusplrlon of being Boer spies.
They add thai the. United States Consul
obtained their release, and that he Is
making an Inquiry into the matter.
QI*KE>:STOWN. Dec. . 11.-The United
States Consul here. In reply to a query
regarding the charge made by two Amer
ican commercial travelers at Belfast that
they had been detained at Qucenstown on
suspicion of being Boer spies, said he
was not aware of any such detention."
SORTir^ AT MAFEKINO.
MAFEKING. Nov. SI. via I.ourenio
Marque-s. Dec 11.— Sorties by the British
armored train and Boer shelling of the
town continue. The British havo . had
but few casualties. I^ast evening the pro
tectorate rt-glme'M managed to ocupy an
outpost where the British I/ee-Mctfords
could reach the enemy's big gun. and the
result was that the effectiveness of the
Boer fire was materially reduced.
QUEEN SEEKS DETAILS.
LONDON. Dec. 11.— The Queen sent her
private secretary. Sir Arthur Dlgge. spe
cially from Windsor Cattle to glean full
details at the War Office for her Majesty
respecting GeneraJ Gatacre's reverse.
BRUMBY GROWS WORSE.
Condition of D*wey's Flag Lieuten-
ant Now Very Critical.
WASHINGTON*. Dec. 11.— Th« condition
of IJeutenant Urumhy. Admiral Dewey's
fur lieutenant, ehangr-d for the worse
'.«»«• to-nicht. Hv beeamo unconscious
inward mtdniuht. nnd a consultation of
the phyciclans was hold and a n -mi
was prnt gumrnonlnj? a Kiltltnoro physf.
clan, who 1b a rprciallst on fevers of the
kind from which th<* ll«*ut^nam is suffer
ing. The patk-nt 1? threatened with hem
«irrh»)r»K. Mm Hay wood, a lister of tne
fclck clliccr. it at his bedside
HOLDS TO THE INSURANCE.
Benjamin Wolfsohn Wants Proof
That His Son Lives.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 11.— Benjamin Wolf
sohn. father of Aaron tVolfsohn, who
committed suicide In Los Angeles, Cat.
Instituted the second Investigation that
finally tied his identity after it was re
ported that the supposed dead man had
been ycen alive in Chicago. Moses Sale
of the firm of Sale & Bale, Benjamin
\Volf.«ohn's attorneys, raid to-day:
"I have learned that certain persons In
Chicago claim to have proof that they
saw Wolfsohn in Chicago, and that they
have tried to induce the Insurance com
pany Involved in the case to pay them
$2500 for this evidence. Now. that evi
dence is an affidavit that purports to have
been made by Aaron himself that he was
in Chicago. I do not believe the affidavit
can be proved genuine. The result of the
s-eeond investigation shows that I have
notified the insurance company that we
will not refund the $10,000 until they pro
duce Aaron. If he Is alive we do not
want It. but If he Is dead we do. because
we are entitled to it."
SUSPECT ARRESTED.
Accused of the Pacific Express Bob
bery at Cheyenne.
OMAHA. Neb.. Dec. 11.— A special to the
Be« from Qhcyenne, Wyn.. says:- Ed Nep
iii!.- . an ex-employe of the Pacific Ex
press, was arrested to-day, charged with
robbing the fiii' ■< of the company In this
city. Chlrf Detcctlre Canada of Omaha
and Assistant Penrose of Denver of the
Union Pacific secret sen-ice arrived here
to-day and are at work on the case. Nep
tune, who was formerly an express mes
senger from Omaha to Cheyenne and later
from Cheyenne to Ogden. denlM the
charge against him and say* he was at his
home at the time the robbery was com
mitted on Sunday night. Neptune' 1 home
has been searched for the missing money.
but without success.
It 1? now officially reported that the rob
ber carrle.l away $2K» in cash and JlOoO
worth of money orders and other valua
bles. The detectives say that Neptune
was • -11 : n the vicinity of the express
office a few minutes prior to the time the
robbery was committed.
FIGHTING FOE CONVENTION.
Chicago Considered to Be Philadel
phia's Most Active Rival.
WASHINGTON. Doc. 11.— The prelimin
ary skirmishing for the contest for the
honor erf entertaining the next Republican
National Convention was begun to-day
when the advance guard of the Philadel
phia delegation, which Is to work In be
half of that city, arrived at the national
capital and took quarters at the Arling
ton, where the National Committee will
meet next Friday. The Phlladelphlans
regard Chicago as their strongest corn
pet it or.
JfiWv *£J J IT V
m: f /§L^=A" I V Boys' First class Ail-Wool Suits, in a great Variety 1 fc f < V
vkU&^p^ _Jjf °* mater » colorings and styles. 1w) ' I
*^/\ y&gjr The usual and fair retail price of them is r£l^%^ *Jy
\\ Retailing "DIRECT FROM MILL TO MAN" explains / X «^V
v - 1. Yestee Suits, sailor collar, ages 3 to 8.
...., .. . 2. Single and Double Breasted 3-Plece Vest Suits, - " '' " ■
a cheviots, casslmeres, etc., ages 8 to 15. Jw
Jfj/Bk^ 3. Yestee Suits, roll collar, fancy or plain vests, 3 to 9. >jfl|Bk.
/'jlpljJVvx 4 - Blouse Suits i with tie, sallor collar, ages 4 10 10. ; ../"^^V
' If\ -Wr^i \ If you are thinking about giving the boy a $10 / J^^C^f \
jJMMwf^i \ suit see what we can give you for $7.50. ;. ...'.' /\\ , r\ \
A m^l V \ Sk Similar values in Men's and Big Boys 1 Suits and ' A^v^J/ All i^L
f<\*^^W No Coods Retailed Cutside of San Franclsco and Suburbs. \Wil T\W
t/ y |2M23 Qf&weißi 9 gs At v \W
// M® lmm J ■ th • BIUB ©^k. \
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1899.
GERMAN NAVAL
BILL TAKEN UP
Subject Broached in the
Reicr.stag.
EXTENT OF THE INCREASE
MEANS A DOUBLING OF THE
IMPERIAL NAVY.
In Supporting the Proposed Esti- I
mates Yon Bulow Spcnks of
Friendship of the United
States.
-•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN. Dec. 11.— The Reichstag pre- |
seated a highly Impressive spectacle to
day during the debate on the estimate*
ri,' tlie formal introduction of Emperor
William's new naval programme. En the
court box sat Prince Radziwill, with In- 1
structions to make a personal report to
the Kaiser. The Bundesrath's table was
crowded. !
Count yon Bulow, when announcing
the Samoan settlement, was repeatedly
interrupted by applause His second
speech, dealing 1 with the necessity • for a i
large fleet, provoked approval and dis
approval almost equally emphatic. The
disapproval came from the Radicals.
When he declared that Germany did not
desire to pursue an aggressive pyrotech
nlc/U course, but was equally determined '
not to be pushed aside politically or com
mercially by other powers and never to
allow an important international ques
tion to be settled without consulting her,
there was an outbreaK of spontaneous ap
plause.
Prince Hohenlohe, whose weak ' voice
was scarcely audible; Admiral Tirpltz and
Huron yon Thlennann were beard. The
session was brief, because the Mouse de
sired to «<•<■ the speeches In print before
considering the proposals. Admiral Tlr
pltz made a number of technical state
ments in explanation of the Govern
ment's changed opinion. The opposition,
which is apparently stronger than had
been expected, was . ifounded by tne
vigorous, joint Government onslaught. I
After the adjournment It was said In the
lobby the Emperor had given strict 'or
ders for the dissolution ot the Reichstag
should the Cabinet consider it unlikely
that the bill would pass.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press this evening obtained confirmation
of this report in high quarters. Emperor
William is confident that the proposal to
Increase the strength of the navy is popu
lar with the electorate, and he believe*
thai the new Reichstag would probably
1 (fleet this sentiment in other national
alms, more accurately.
Count yon Bulow, the Minister of For
eign Affairs, reiterated the terms of the
various agreements for partitioning
Samoa between the United States . and
drrmany, for repeating the S.imnan act.
find for submitting to arbitration the
losses resulting from unjustlnoble mili
tary action on the part of officers be
longing to either of the three state*. 1I« I
said that after the assent of the United
States and the Bundesrath bills ratifying
the treaty would bo submitted. In the ,
meantime he hoped the Reichstag would
not discuss the matter. He added that no
Increase In next year's Imperial budget
would arise from the supplemental esti
mates of Samoa.
Prince Hohenlohe. the Imperial Chan
cellor, announced that the federated gov
ernments had come to the conclusion that
the present navy was insufficient for the |
country's needs, and that estimate* for
doubling the present number <•! warships i
would be submitted. He added that the ;
period within which the increase of the !
new navy would be affected was not fixed
by law, the number of new ships to be
provided, for. annually In the estimates
being decided In accordance with budget
ary requirements.
'In this matter." he continued.- "the
federated- governments are acting on the
supposition that In accordance with th
general principles governing the financing
of estimates the additional vessels will
be paid for by loans."
Count yon Bulow, In supporting the
proposed Increase In the navy paid:
The rr*«M»nt of the United States In hi*
tn*-«saKe expressed' nlm»etf concerning the Rood
relations between the United States and our
»elv»s with a warmth tMat nils us with sincere
e.it'.cfactlnn. As far as Gr*at Britain Is con
cerned *»• are willing and ready to* live In
p»«'-« anil concord with her on the basis .if
full reciprocity and reciprocal consideration.
Count yon Bulow justified the Increase
in the navy from a political point of view
and declared that the German policy had
always maintained an even course be
tween neglecting and overdoing trans
oceanic Interests. Alluding to the .war
like changes and revolutions of the past
few years he said:
I cannot yet believe a new partition of the
earth Is Imminent. We wish to Interfere with
no foreign power, but neither do. we wish to
let ourselves be pii«h*d aside either politically
or economically. We cannot be but mixed up
with the future, th" prospects of which havo
been considerably modified the last few years
because we have Interest* In all part* of the .
world. The powerful vitality of the German
people ha» Involved us In the world's admin
istration and drawn us Into the world s policy
In the iir-sence of a greater Britain and I
new France we have claims to a greater Ger
many, not In the i;nse of conquest, but In the
sense of a peaceful extension of our trade and
points of support. We cannot, will not suffer
that a people shall pars to the order of the
day over the heads of the German people.
(Cheers from the Rightists and laughter from
the leftists.)
We have always hitherto come to an easy
■nd willing understanding with France In !■©
COMMANDER WOOD OF
THE PETREL IS DEAD
THE LATE COMMANDER E. P. WOOD.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 11.-Commander E. P. Wood. T\ 8. N., died of ty
phoid fever nt his residence here to-da; . He was in command of tho
guntoat Petrel at the battle of Manila Bay. Since his return from Ma
nila his health has been broken and he lacked the power to throw off
Uk- disease which caused nls death.
, Edward Parker Wood was born in Mansfield, Ohio, August ,16, 1848, and en
tered the Naval Academy September 29. IMI, and graduated in 1567. His record is:
On Minnesota, special service, IW7-bS; promoted to ensign, IS6S; Dacotah of
Pacific fleet. 18CS : 70; promoted to master. 1S70; Pacific fleet. 1*71 ; commissioned as
lieutenant. 1871; on Congress, special service to Europe. 1*72-74; North Atlantic
station, 1573-77; Portsmouth, special service, 1577-7S; Trenton. European station.
IS7S-79: Quinnebaug, European station, ItTMI; Naval Academy, ISSI-S4; steamship
Monongahela, ISS4-S6; Naval. Academy, 1886-90; on special duty connected with the
Concord. August, 1890. to February. 1S31; promoted to lieutenant commander, tftp
tenTber 20. 1890; U. S. B. Concord. North Atlantic station, February. 1891, to May.
ISPS; Bureau of Navigation May. 1993. to 1S?6: commanded Petrel. Asiatic sta
tion, December, 1596; commissioned as commander, July, 1897.
lated colonial conventlor*. In this respect also
we have found friendly obligingness in the case
of Russia, to which we have fully and wholly
responded. . •
.Iv! t because the external position Is now
favorable we must use It to insure ourselves
for the future. I wish, we all wish, that our
future it, ay be peaceful. ! Whether It will be so,
no one. can my
We rniin be assured against surprise not only
on land, but at eea. We must create and pos
sess a fleet strong; enough to exclude attack
by any power— I emphasize attack, for In
the nh«olute oeacefulnesa of our policy It ran
never be ' other than a. question of defense.
German foreign policy Is neither covetous,
restless nor fanciful. The fanclfulness of our
plan* Is th« Invention of the foreljm press and
not sanctioned by the German press or oftl
clally. Like all nations with maritime Inter
ests we are compelled by necessity to have
real supplies and obtain naval bases. This
manifested Itself In the Hlspano-Amerlcan
war. -'which taught tin many striking less»riM.
While pursuing this practical policy toward
our transoceanic colonies, we must not foriet
that our center Is Europe. We do not nerlect
our duty In providing security for our posses
sions which rests on th» Drelbund.
As nn Instance of the necessity of a
navy Count yon Bulow cited the present
conditions In Venezuela, where, he said,
"very considerable German Interests are
periously Jeopardized, and to which coun
try we are able to send two or three old
training ships." • .
Continuing, Count yon Bulow said: In
the coming century the German people
must be either the hammer or the anvil.
In the name of the country's best inter
est I entreat your favorable reception of
the naval bill." : 11
• Baron von-Thlelmann, the Secretary of
the Treasury, described the financial con
dition of the empire as favorable and said
the Interest on the navy loan would bo
guaranteed by the Imperial revenues..
OUTLOOK IS GLOOMY
FOR SENATOR QUAY
Apathy of His Friends Makes the
Chance That He Will Be Seated
Decidedly Uncertain.
WASHINGTON. Deo. 11— Th* apathy
among Senator Quay"? friend* Ih making
the outlook in the Senate rather omlnoim
for him. It Is noticeable that there i« a
lurk of antbasUußß upon the part of those
from whom moot was expected by Mr.
Quay. Senators Chandler and Penrose
appear to be the only one* who are doing
any active canvassing in his behalf, and
they arc by no means encouraged by the
progress they are makings
The lack of Interest' was forcibly Illus
trated In the case of a Senator who was
approached to-day with the suggestion
that he make a stroni? speech in behalf of
the constitutional right of ■ Governor to
appoint when the Legislature had failed
to elect. This Senator had spoken In be- ;
hall of. Senator Corbett ann wu urged !
to-nay to repeat the same arguments that
he advanced in that. gentleman's behalf.
The Senator referred to Is considered one
of the best constitutional lawyers in the.
Senate, and there is no doubt that a
speech from him in the Interest of Mr.
Quay would have considerable effect. But
he has declined the request on the ground
that when he supported Mr. Corbett both
Senators . Quay and Pen rose refused to
vote to peat him. The Senator stated
that he would vote to seat Mr. Quay, but
ho did not see how the Pennsylvania Sen
ator could consistently Insist upon his
taking charge of the case on the floor of
the Senate.
It Is becoming more manifest every day
that Mr. Quay has considerable canvass
ing to do to make his seat in the Senate
a certainty. There are too many names
on the non-committal column to make the
outcome certain for him at this time. Mr.
Quay is expected here on Wednesday,
when it may be expected that he will put
In hir "best licks 1 for himself. One of !
the plans his friends are talking about Is
to Induce a sufficient number of Mr.
nay Democratic friends to assert
themselves on the day when the final vote
Is taken, and this may insure a majority
vote in his favor. •
FAREWELL MESSAGE
FROM THE NIAGARA
Bottle Containing a Note From Cap
.• ' tain McOlory Floau
Ashore.
PORT COLRITRNE. Ontario. Dec. 11.—
A. bottle containing a piece of paper, on
which was written the following appar
ently by the captain of the foundered
steamer Niagara, wan found on the beach
to-day: . .
"Expect to go down any minute.
' ..«' v i\: r. "CAPTAIN M- GLORY.
Good-by. Steamer Niagara foundered
about three- miles from Port Maltland."
Pieces of the wreck identified as be
longing to. the .Niagara drifted ashore.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
California Delegation in a Quandary
as to What Committees They
Will Serve On. •
WASHINGTON*. Dec. 11.— members
of the California delegation are in a
quandary as to what committees they will
be assigned to serve upon. Representative
Loud is the only one who Is sure of as
signment :«nd there Is no doubt an to his
retention as chairman of the Postoftlces
and Postroads Committee. Although it Is
generally believed that De Vrles will be
made a member of the Appropriations
Committee there is a bitter light being
made by the Democratic members from
Texas and Missouri, who claim they are
entitled to vacancies made by former Rep
resentatives from those States. Jo Vnes.
however. li personally very popular, and
as the Texas delegation cannot agree upon
any one it Is thought that his chances are
better than any individual aspirant. .>l-t
calf is well thought of by General Hen
derson, rind as a precedent, appointing
members who represent districts In, which
navy-yards ore situated, it Is thought he
has a good chance. He sent to-day to the
Speaker Indorsements from th.- entire
California and Oregon delegations. .
Waters' fight for assignment to the
Rivers and Harbors Committee looks to
be on the wane and it in doubtful If th-
Pacific Coast will be represented 'lur.ng I
this Con,Tre.«s on that committee. Kahn's I
ambition to become a member of the In- I
BUlar Affairs Committee If not • possible,
as th.- Speaker says he will only appoint
ADVERTISEMENTS. :. ■ ,
I ||t I§||i| I Hundreds of 1
P] rTTTTV I aye our store every S
raj ' /j If tial hat, and the price is uj
§3 |||| / I I i vfi You Can get the awes fey
py w) 1 in over 400 cities in the jJ
g P rf[| We have the San Fran- &
UkP&*&ffifi^'~n. i cedar, walnut, pearl, cedar,
17 II 1 S.N. WOOD SCO. I
n& ltmh\ - V '« . write for our new Illustrated r|
It Will Make You Feel Good
When your wife tells you on Christmas
morning that your shirt front and col-
lar rivals the whiteness of. the Miles.
There is nothing that can encircle your
neck, outside of her snowy arm. that
will please you more on Xmasthan a
collar done up with the perfect color
and finish that we put on all linen
laundered here.
United States Laundry. Offlo*
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 614. Eleventh St.
—————— 1* ''•"•"* Harmless
w n frjJSIJ *° Litthu ' Efficient
VoVtI.7 • ■ Toll Requisite.
CflWiSl^YinJi Rsmovos al skin
WUnr'UtAIUN eruptions and takes the
TWO TINTS P '* Ce of P 3wders -
FLESHY WHITt Sold by a " druggists.
PHRO3O NFC.CO or ." Nt by "E?" pc6t
51MIC1A.CAL ' ad:a ' d : '" 50 C ntS
I 1 • I Send for free sample. .
,/g\ AjirTABLBT?P<^mVELYCURB
9J I -ALL .Vmtoiu IHseatrM— r'^ilia.' Mars- '
,C 7 SCI or;. !4:<wp:mniic«, <•«.. caawd Or ov«r
If •Tl work aud Indlaeretions. They quwktw
S y&QA and «wr«Z|r restore Lo«t Vitality in old
\ *y or ioudk. aad tit a m&a for study, biul-
«^sl IMa * or pleasure. Prevent Imanltr aol
TK-SdsH>Oon»iimptioa If taken la time. Their
dm shows i mmed i it* improvement and eff ecto CU&B
wbaro all Other* rail. Insist opon harms tl.S(9nulna
Aji'-x Tableta. . They have cartM tboasmnds and will
care you. Wo give a positive mitten ■■laroatee to «f-
feet a cure In each case or refund the mooev. Price
Ml Pit V r Packa£<t, or six package* (tall lr*«(-
WV bISi ment] for $C.&O b/taail.la plala writer,
upon receipt ofprlc*. Circnfarefxee. •• •
AJAX REAI^DY .-CO.. ■ 7«L5~*?5!»«-
For sale In S. F. by t*lpnlti A Co^ No Per-
centae« Dma; Co.. Owl Drue Co., S. r.. Oakl d.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GJUCAI UESTOUATIVE. ', INVIUOIIA-
tor and Nervine.
. The moat wondirful aphrodisiac an SpecUi
Tonic tor th- Sexual Organs of both sexes. >'
The Mexican Keroedy U t Diseases of the K:d-
neys and Bladder. Pells on Its own merits.
NADER. ALFB & BRUNE. Arenti.
123 Market street. S. F.-lSeud for Circuit/.* .
members cf long service.
Senator Perkins to-day Introduced tM
following bills: Granting to the State nt
California 5 per cent of the proceed* of
the sale of public lands* l said State; for
the construction of additional lightships
for u.«e on the coast of California. Ore
gon. Washington and Alaska; appropriat
ing not lesj than BJtMM for the erectton
of a new- Custom-house In San Francl«co.
J. M Rice was to-day appointed Poft
master at Aptos. Santa Crux County, vtco
T. J. Leonard, removed: also M. A.'Ev
ans at Purdys. Sierra County, vice S. A.
Purdy. resigned.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
1 ed as follows: I
California: Original— Lyman W. Ash
ley, ilurletta. $6; John O. Goodwin. Chlco.
11$: Andrew J. Grimes. Forest CUT. t*.
John M Pecker, Soldiers' Home, i,o» An.
I gelcs. $8; David Foster. Los Angeles. S»>.
Oregon: Mexican War widow*. special.
November » Miry E. Lister. PinevllU *••.
Washington: Original— Ellas K. Cush
nell. Seattle. J«: William E. Russell, dol
diem' Home. IMerce County. $10. inert
—Edward H. Mott. Port Angeles. 1% to Jit);
Joseph Goodman. Gig Harbor. :-; to 112.
Dies in an Insane Asylum.
SAN JOSE. Dm 11.-Rev. Jacob Boy<l
Andrews, for six years assistant pastor
at the First Presbyterian Church In this
city, died at Agnews Insane Asylum to
day. He was taken to the asylum last
Friday. Rev. Andrews' mental col lap**
was the result of sickness resulting from
.1 paralytic stroke. He had been In tin
asylum once before. Deceased »>• a na
tive of, Ohio, a graduate of Lafayette Col
lege and 0) years of age. He had been
In California about twelve year* and was
well known In the southern part of th-»
State. 'V'
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
V A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of th« Century. Haadeoaely
Illustrated by thirty-two of ta* World's
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested la subaeribta*
to th« Eugene Field Monument Sotrrenfr
Fund. Subscribe any amount - desired.
Subscriptions aa low at tl will tout..
■ €cnor to this daintily artlstlo voices*
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound, txll). aa a certificate of sa»-
tcrlptlon to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's best and moat rcpresenta*
tire works and Is ready for d»n»«ry.
But for the noble contribution of th»
world's irreatest artists tbls book coall not
*>•*• been manufactured for less than ft
Th» Fund created Is divided equally be-
tween th» family of th- lat. Cuirene Field
and the Fun 4 for the r.titl<l!n# of a mono-
went to th» m»ir«rr of the beloved poet
r>t rMT4hm«d. Ait<lre*«
EUGENE fIILD HONaHENT SOOTS.f IS TVXO
ISO Monroe St.. Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to f»nl postaa;*. ••does
It rents.
MesUon uus Journal, ss Adv. is insert s 4 a*
our Contribution.
BsT^aPSVIV . eaaj a^a^^^^^^V^^n
B3 WejßS m Ttfoi "" MM ay Ql
B fiaffif lafTal m afe A^Ja
B pi fa flfa id WA BTaftal
Mil Ba Km Ha Bfl B ißk h
■f 9 m Cat leSI Eh BBal B ■)■ r
•
>■«• —-•• t > »•••
' i- ■■- The luxury, comfort, convenient—,
cuisine and moderate charm-** i> 7l
,i tlvea the " "* T# "
PALACE and "•■' i-
.
II bot'ls a reputation that Is known wh-»r. i
•v»r the En«!ls»i !«ncus»<i Is spoken.
 Connected by a covered passaxeway^l
1 I tSJI? m *- Jl<n wlth baths. 7 . '
{ JOHN C. KIRK PATRICK. Manager ' "
*"* »♦♦ i
S^DH. HALL'S BEINYIQORATOR
Kill IB ►*<*• hundred rtwanl for an*
ff^ W «■*»♦ we rannot cure. This Mr ,l.
KZa "■-« «medy atop* all loss,, £"•£
F ll^ ew*i Manhood an.l all wasting ttU^m
for sale at 10734 Market ,t.. S r Atfa»*£S
dlaeaa» quickly cured. Bend for free pooh*'*
COKE! COKE!
• _.. , ,I' A McDonald. :
WbbUt Ga&l SI.QO wTsarASSISTANCE ASKED FOR
THE CARBONADO MINERS
Nine Bodies Yet Entombed, but the
Coroner's Jury Will at Once
Seek to Fix the Blame.
i^\ ARBONADO. Wash. Dee. 11.— The
CARBONADO. Dec -The
•o«n« of Saturday's ©xplwiun has
I l>t«n filled with pus ulnte Sunday
I j afternoon. For thirty hours tnree-
v ""^ pcorw men have been working with
brattices to secure an air circuit
from to? to bottom. These men entered
the tint I*iW feet above the water level.
At they vent flown ward the brattice*,
which are large *t«lps of tarred canva*.
ver« placed before the tide cioaecuis and
*top*a, bhuttiti^ oil the. air current from
entering them and thereby forcing It
downward through the main ganifway
T*.:* pirtceas had to be repeated an each
tsuccesslve lower crosscut was reached.
2t hti% been alow, laborious work, but the
Xnen persisted In their efforts that the
1— remaining bodies might be rescued
*ls mood, a-* possible.
It wa« expected that by noon to-day the
rola« would be cleared of gas so that the
cause of the explosion might be ascer
tained iuiii the blame. If any exist*,
placed on the right shoulders. Twloe
vo: ker» got wittilu a f« w feet of th«
fang-way, aj.d each time they were
driven out by 'encountering unexpected
bodies ol gas. It Is believed that by mid
night the air circuit will be complete. If
this should be the case the coroner's Jury
will be given light on the subject to-mor
row.
Sheriff Mills arrived this evening from
Tacon:a. accompanied by George Mac
laarUn, Alphetu l>a\idson. William
Scully* 3 r red Eldenmlller. A. E. Lawrence
a::d J. F. C. Johnson, who will comprise
the coroner's Jury. They will begin their
:::vf*.::»rsiti.«!i to-morrow. The Sheriff
went to Tacoma to secure the Jurors at
the request of Coroner Hoska, who be
lieves It to be impossible to secure an en
tirely Impartial jury here.
The theory is gu.lr.iiig ground to-day
that the explosion was caused by an un
duly heavy bla.-t of giant-powder used
by contract miners In toping Efforts
w« re being made lat«\ly under orders from
6a.:: Francisco to Increase the mine's out
put. Hesldes this incentive, contract
miners are always anxious to use as
much dynamite as possible, they being
fa:d by the cubic yard. Superintendent
>avles state* that considerable dyna
mite has been u*ed lately. Follow
lr< heavy blasts it frequently hap
pens that a seam full of gas will
be opened up nr.d gas soon p^r
meate* the entire mine. This causes dust
to rise, which was especially true In mine
No. 7. the di-yest mine at Carbonado. In
that case the le-aM concussion caused by
a blast may start a general explosion. It
Is also the opinion of Lewis Davles,
brother of the superintendent, thai the
explosion was started by an unusually
larce blast of dynamite In the stopes.
Many miners are gathered In the hos
pital :o-nl«rht discussing the accident and
Its results. All acree that the saddest
part of the catastrophe is the desolation
of thirty-two homes and the fact that the
d«>a'i mer.'s families are very poorly pro
viiirfl for. They declare, with one accord,
that under th« best conditions most of the
WAGE FOR LABOR
HAS INCREASED
Gompers* Report to the
Federation.
epeelal Dispatch to Th» Call.
T'ETROIT. D«c 11.-N>arly Mi delegates
re; re?cntJr.c all branches of trade union
ism, with an estimated total membership
cf nearly 600,000, were present at Har
mor.Je Hall to-day, when the nineteenth
annual convention of the American Fed
eration of Labor was called to order. In
the absence of both President Gompers
ar.4 Vice President McGulre, the gather-
Ing was called to order by James Duncan
of Baltimore, second vice president. Mr.
L>uscjui announced that Mr. Gompers was
etlll suffering severely from injuries r«
•u'.V.r.c from a bicycle accident In Wash
ir.f.r.n ar.d possibly might not be able to
attend the convention.
After adoption of a resolution of sym
pathy for President Gompers. the annual
report of President Oompers was read by
Vie« President Duncan. In It President
Gompers *a.ld:
On every «tfi« •* tee the splendid evidence!
of our effort* In the Improved » r.omlc and
social condition of our pecple. When the pro«<!nt
Industrial activity Cm mar. I --- ■ ' Htelf, em
ployer! ter.eraV.y *oujht to Increase the. hour*
of labor cf all; and had It net been for the
determined »tand made br our fellow-unlonlati.
a« larpe a number would be unemployed dur
tnc th:i period a» were unemployed during the
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Get Health,
Get Strength,
Get Nerve.
HUDYAN.
i.
HtTDTAN 1a th« r\
vmn b»*t wwMy ff\J s
on earth lor r*- lV\.
tuildmc worn and X.' > _
broken . down con- /l>^ l/'^^^v
«tttutlon«. Tha ' r - V.I . »
fe^t cf HCDTAJf- \ L, 1 f
upon feeble., nerv- . 1 \t' "*i
o«i» MES and WO- ■■ \.V v
MKN* l» to «■!*• •1. \, i7^
c^ lor to the cbe«ki«. [V "^N^
activity to lh« \pN r c.
:!Tr.t)«. and *uli- \ i v V t
*t«.n'» to th»> body. •\ V V V
With three ho \ >*•_ *r*»
t«Ve ilT;j>YAK.t>* \ "" \
»t^p kwcnti more \ l
nrw. ih • m I n "' \ I
l-ro»'" ttinr« che*r- \ A A
ful. f>T f*l
IP'DYAN brlnr* >|\\ Ji
back h»«Jtb aad ftl > >«^ -I
vtRDr. y \ ~^&f[
No t c the num- I /\ y/y I
b*>:»: They deiicrib* fi/ VIA
i.u'nU of weaknet* I/ Vf~\
that II UDY A n f y/ I
r*«rhen. HtI>YAN I >^/^ 1
relieve* i>ala* and / l^^i-**^ \
•*«». U^/v . I
IlirpYAS cur** /- f V~S\
ner» - ou«ne»B, head- J O / ] / * 1
ac h e «. . - pl««a- / v_v * L ZT/
ti «■ «. HUDYAN /If/ / </
lnf>ure« perfect dl- I / ill
renk.n and create* / •. / // .
a he»ithy appetlt*. I •£ / I _/ /
HI»I>TAN touche* ' /"/ I."/ .•
the Uver rently. fl / /
th v ■ riving th* A I 111
b n w » 1 » miurt'i (I '//'I
laxatlv*. HUD- \7\ / 7\__ •
TAN ttrengthea* \/ \  \ • j"~^
the IC'lnp .' th« ii* • J ~~ m ~
»ie»rl. HUDYAN
•ttrn«i!atei the kidneys to perfect activity, in
;i:> nuir.ner exp«Ulnc all impurttlr* from the
fi^T HUT!? IV From your «™«>»». »c a
ULI iill'lA.l package. nix packa«e» for
12 ii. If your drugplitt doe» not k«^p it, aend
<3lr«rt to HUDYAN IIEMnDY CO.. cor. Btook-
u<n. r:il« and Market •?» . Pun FYanciMO. CaJ.
COXKUL.T HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT
Toun cabb— rnEi; or CHARGE. CALL or
uiutk.
miners here can scarcely make both ends
meet from one month to another. The
wages paid are less than during the good
times of eight years ago. Contract prices
have also been cut until It becomes very
uncertain whether men taking contracts
and working doubly hard will earn even
fair wages. Of course there are mo
lucky ones who always do well, but moat
miner* consider themselves well off If
they receive as much as $52 per month or
the equivalent of a full month at $2 per
day. The company provides no medical
or hospital service for tiM men. but they
have themselves Incorporated the Medical
Association of Carbon Hill Colliery, which
has $!*.»■» In Its treasury. Membership Is
not compulsory, but most of the miners
pay 50 cents per month and secure Its
sick benefits. This association is caring
for the men who were Injured on Satur
day. Complaint Is also made that numer
ous Poles and Finns live In crowded bunk
houses where the air Is stifling and the
quality of food very poor.
A -relief committee was organized here
to-<3ay and the following appeal issued:
To th« public: We. the relief committee of
Carbonado. l»»ue the following appeal to the
rrnerous hearts and ■rilling hands of the Mate
of WT—hlnat— Thin little mining village has
been HiiMamly smitten by the heavy hand of
pitiless la nitty. i*»tt. baa overtaken many
bread winner* in their toll, and has left itn
»«ke of tears and deprivation In many homes
Thirty-one miner* killed Is the extent of the
fatality of th» disaster of Saturday. December
». In addition to the thirty-one dead there are
■oven injured, i mr of whom are badly burned.
One has several ribs fractured, another Is se
verely bruised and one is suffering as a con
sequence of baring been in the explosion and
■aba«««anUy entombed In the mine all nlcht.
poisoned with the Hooka) an.i damp.
These thirty-one miners have left a score or
more of bereaved families and raddened homes.
Th» comlnr Chrlstmns will be a sorrowful one
for Carbonado. The result of the nwlft catas
trophe of Paturday Is that sixteen widows,
forty-flr* children, six »_ce<l parents and de
pendents, making sixty-seven dependents, ars
altogether deprived of a source of support. In
one case an aeed lather and mother lose their
two sens, their only means of support. In an
other a promising young man leaves behind
a widowed mother, almost destitute, and now
rendered completely childless. One family
mourns the lo«s of a husband and a son. A
youtur woman In delicate condition, married
on!y a short time art>. will soon become a
mother, without a husband to provide sus
tenance. Deprived of both husband and brother
Is the distressful misfortune of another wo
man. Several of the killed leave widows and
rather large families of children to strurifle
through lit*.
■ These, are the Inevitable consequences of the
accident, the cause of which Is unknown. Fate
has blotted from the book of the living- th»
strong and the Industrious at the post of dally
human duty, and left the virtuous, the Inno
cent and the tielrless as a charge to the more
fortunate for temporary old.
The various newspapers will call upon you
for subscription*, which are to be forwarded
to John F. I'avies. **eretary and treasurer of
the Carbonado Beneficial Association, a mu
tual benevolent organization of the miners. In
connection with which the relief committee
act. a: communications and remittances may
be sent to John F. Davits, addressed Carbon
ado. Wash., or to the different newspapers
GRIFFITH DAYIES. Seattle.
A C. LITTLE, Taroma.
REV. T. '.; WATSON. Carbonado.
REV. J. J. TfNDELL Carbonado.
REV. MICHAEL FANFARO. Enumelaw.
period of Industrial depression. It Is b*ycsd
question that the wages of the organized work
ers have been Increased, and In many Instances
the hours of labor either reduced or. at least
maintained.
Practically, the only advantage which has
com* to unorganized labor from the industrial
revival has been longer hours of dally labor
with additional burdens to bear.
Reviewing the events of the past year
at Wardner. Idaho. President Gompers
declared that from the bent sources avail
able he learned that the destruction of the
property of the Bunker Hill and Sullivan
mines was the act of unorganized miners.
Of the corraling of 1200 miners by the
State authorities, aided by General Mer
riam, he said:
I The whole preceding Is so outrageous as to
I bring a blurh of shame to the cheeks of every
llberty-lovlng American. If. as alleged, tin
; Imprisoned men art cullty. they, at least,
I should be riven a fair trial before a Jury of
their peers, confronted with their accusers
I and. If guilty, punished: if Innocent, they
ihouM be given their liberty, and their wrong*
, ehrulj be redressed. This convention In no
mistaken tones, should re«, its keen In
dignation and emphatic protest against this
t outrage upon human rights The killing of
Innocent men upon the public highway of I^t-
I tirer, the rhootlng down of unarm*.] men at
Buffalo, the Incarceration of workmen rulltv
of no offense In Idaho, and the outlawry of un
organized labor must be frowned down upon
must be met with the consciousness of our
rights, the manhood to declare them and the
. determination to achieve them
In his annual report. Secretary Frank
Morrison said:
The receipts show an Increase of $17,562 9?
1 oV ' r lh Of , lMt y ** r Of the 'oreeolnV In
crease tf,2tO «1 was received from the two-cent
assessment levied by the last convention to de
fray expend of organizers In southern and
intermountaJn State,. Deducting the amount
received from the assessment, there still re
malna the sum of $12,042 ST. receipts for per
capita tax and rnpplles. * prr
Th« per capita tax received this year was
SMLftk-M" 1"*1 "* t12 ' 705 M lMt >•*«•• a net gal"
The rum total of receipts for supplies was
very nearly double the amount received last
year. The greater portion of this Increase was
made op from charter fees.
Th« heaviest slnirle item of expense vu for
organizing purposes. MR! X $42?S 09 expended
in th« southern and Intermountaln' States and
the balance. |JHS 67. paid to organizers outf-lde
of tbe two districts mentioned. The expenses
this year were $11,402 08 more than la.«t.
A table Is given showing th.it In the
yar.ous national and international organ
izations affiliated with the Federation
2264 charters, were granted during the
year: 255 were surrendered, an aecreirate
gain of M4JB in membership was made*
iJb strikes were won; 4S were lost* 33 were
compromised and S9 are now pending
Treasurer John B. Lennon In his an
nual report said:
Nev*r In the history of the Federation ha»
our treasury beea^so strong; and of more lr£
portance even than a strong treasury I* the
fact that our Income during the pa, t rear h.«
enabled the Federation to carry on morVorg"*-
Mai work than during any year In It. history.
The . report shows that a balance of
PS* Th^v^- 1 " hls ■ hand " Novem b^ r
»«Ji 1 ih Th .. yy * ar 8 receipt were 53,; 757 10
and the disbursements 00.559 22 leaving
a^balance on hand November {. IS9 o. of
STRONG EVIDENCE
AGAINST MOLINEUX
Proof That He Used Notepap«r Simi
lar to That of nn Incriminating
Letter.
I NEW YORK. Dec. 11.-Roland B
MollneuK. on trial for the murder of
1 Katherine J. Adams, was visibly p-rturb
ed this morning when the prosecution
called to the witness chair Ma ml.,
Melando. formerly a forewoman In th«
Newark Paint Factory, of which Moll
! neux wa» vice president. She waa ques
tioned concerning the note paper kept by
Mollneux In his rooms at the factory and
testified that this paper w.xs of robins
egg blue, with a crest of three silver cres
! cents Interlaced. This same paper was
u*ed In a certain incriminating letter
wliose authorship Molhioux detlea Iflaa
Melando testified thai she fia.d discussed
: the crescent-crested paper with iiarlow
18. Weeks last January, weeks before
Mollneux wa* arresß.J. llr. Weeks had
I seat for her
The woman was a reluctant witness be
ing a friend of Mollneux and evidently
aware of the importance of he r testimony
Whllo Miss MeIRT-.dn ?av« do dlr-ct evi
dence against Mollneux, her testimony
waa evident ly considered by the i>r.,v,. ru _
I tlnn as establishing the identity of Moli
: neux and the mysterious person who
wrote to thn medical cnm;any.
McDanie! Murder TriaJ.
PORTLAND. Dec. 11.-Th« McDanlel
murder trial was resumed this morning.
The day was taken up with the examina
tion of several minor witnesses and noth
1 it^r of importance was developed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12. 1899.
RECORD OF A DAY IN CONGRESS
CURRENCY BILL
DEBATE BEGINS
Day of Oratory in the
House.
•
CLASH OF PARTY LEADERS
DOLLIVER IN SUPPORT OF THE
MEASURE.
•
Urges the Democracy, Which Refuses
to Learn by Experience, to Get
Out of the Way of the
Procession.
♦
Special Dispatch to Tae Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 11. -The feature of
the opening day of the debate on the
currency bill In the House was the speech
of Dolliver of lowa. It was character
ized by all the wit and eloquence for
which the lowan Is noted, and held the
members, without regard to party, for
m >re than an hour. Dolliver declared
that the last doubt In the Republican
party as to the wisdom of enacting the
?>>ld standard Into law had been removed
by tho experience of the business world
during the part three years. He scored
Bryan and generally ridiculed the false
prophecies of the Democrats in 189*.
1 >c Armond of Missouri was the heavy
gun on the Democratic side. He warned
the Republicans from the West that they
j could not deceive their constituents in the
ccimlng; Congressional elections by claim-
ing that they had yielded to the wisdom
of their colleagues in caucus.
Over-street of Indiana opened the debate
in support of the bill and Maddox of
Georgia replied to him. McClellan of New
York was the only other speaker to-day,
lie announced his opposition to the bill on
the ground that it would contract the
currency, extinguish the bank notes and
enhance the value of coin bond». He ap
pealed to those of his Democratic col
leagues from New York who It is reported
intend to vote for the bill not to do so.
Immediately after the reading of the
Journal the House, under the special or
der, went Into committee of trie whole,
Hepburn of lowa In the chair, and entered
upon the consideration of the bill. Over-
Ftreet of Indiana, who Is to be in charge
of the measure on the floor, opened the
general debate with a set speech. Said he:
If the legal standard -day Is the (old stand
ard under the act of 1873. a positive statute to
that effect can do no harm. If, on the other
hand, I turn Is, any reasonable doubt, It should
be dispelled by a statute plain and clear In Its
terms.
When certainty shall take the place of doubt
and the Integrity of our credit be as fixed as
the honor of the nation, the national debt can
be readily refunded at lower Interest rates and
future loans negotiated with ease upon better
terms than ever before.
Recent events, shaped by causes beyond our
control, bearing obligations which national
honor requires shall be courageously discharged.
open new fields for American statesmanship.
Channels of trade yet unknown to American
enterprise, and avenues of commerce yet to
welcome American products, will surely result.
Such conditions emphasize the necessity for a
standard of value which shall remain firm
throughout the vicissitudes of competitive
trade.
After an elaborate exposition of the fea
tures of the bill and the method of their
operation, which followed the line of his
report on the measure heretofore printed,
Overstreet said:
The proposition to allow national bank* to
issue circulation to the par value of the bonds
deposited for their security. is neither new nor
partisan. It has been recommended by four
Presidents and live Secretaries of the Treasury,
and bills containing such provisions have been
Introduced In Congress and supported by mem
ben of both political parties. It Is entirely con
sistent with the present banking system. '
Shafroth (811. R.) of Colorado Inter
rupted to ask If the bill would not result
in contracting the currency to the ex
tent of the J480.000.000 in silver Im
pounded.
"It would not." replied Overstree.t, "be
cause for every sliver dollar which. goes
into the treasury a gold dollar will go
out in circulation." (Republican ap
plause.)
Maddox (D.) of Georgia was the first
speaker In opposition to the bill. Re
ferring to former Speaker Rer<l> New
York speech advising the Immediate en
actment of gold standard legislation be
fore som« branch of the Government got
away from the Republican party, he
■ala:
"The faithful understand that this legis
lation must be enacted at once or not at
all."
The enactment of gold standard legisla
tion, he declared, had never been an Issue
before the people. If gold waa now the
•existing standard," as contended. It
wa* so ny the unlawful usurpation of
the executive officers of the Government
The treasury, under the bill, he predicted
would be raided. The bill would convert
every obligation of the treasury into a
gold obligation and would impel the Gov
ernment to sell millions of gold to the
amount of 25 per cent of all the outstand
ing notes of whatever character. He
urged that, under the bill, banks with
$1,000,000 capital, now required to deposit
bonds equal to a third of their capital In
the treasury, were required to deposit
only $60,000 In bonds, enabling them to
contract or expand the currency at will
He then assailed Republican advocates of
the gold standard for apostasy, and par
ticularly attacked Hepburn of lowa
Dlnglev of Maine and Grosvenor of
Ohio. who. he said, advocated silver coin
age by International agreement In 1597
Dolllver of. lowa read from the speech
of Governor Altgeld to the effect that
the Republican Congress would obey or
ders and enact gold legislation. ' For
himself, he said, he was proud to say that
he was obeying orders— the orders of the
people of his district— trying to put the
laws of the country Into harmony with
their opinions. The pending bill "was a
compromise, representing the united wis
dom of all: It was a- bill to sot at rest all
doubt as to the standard In this country-
It should be presented to the business
men of the country as a Christmas gift
He (Dolllver) did not want his record and
past follies to be brought up against him.
He had voted for the Sherman act In IRK)
an act which he now regarded as a piece
I of unutterable stupidity. In 1893. when tho
[ act came to be repealed. Dolliver said
he was very much perplexed. He saw
Senator Sherman one evening sitting out
side his house like Abraham outside his
tent.
"Don't trouble yourself about the fail
ure of your predictions regarding silver "
said the Senator: "every prophecy I made
about It has turned out exactly the op
posite." (Laughter.)
"Just as yours will now," Interjected
Cox of Tennessee amid renewed laughter
Continuing. Dolllver Bald that he be
lieved the result of the campaign of 1*96
p»ttle.d th* silver issue. A proposition
which received a black eye In lowa and
Massachusetts at the same time. In his
opinion had no future In the Intellectual
life of the American people. In 1896 the
cry of Bryan, he Bald, was for more
money. Money was . scarce. It was
hoarded. The day after the election It
came out from Its hiding.
"Are you willing now," Interrupted
Slmms of Tennessee, "that the mints
should be opened to silver If an Interna
tional agreement, could bo obtained?"
"No. sir.'" replied Dolllver. "I have
made my last whirl with silver. I have
been humbugged for the last time."
Dolllver said that the cry had been for
more money. -In three years of Republi
can administration $400,000,000 had been
added to the volume of the currency
more money than could have been coin
ed by the mints in ten yean* if the mint*
bad been opened to silver. . . ;
"In .other words." Bald he. "we have
done for you in three yearn more, tb«n
you could do: for yourselves. Why don't
you get out of the road and let the main
procession move on?" (Laughter and up.
plause.)
Dolllver recalled Bryan's prophecy that
the gold standard could not be enact
without a universal fall of prices. -
"la there a man In this chamber," ne
asked, "who will rise In his place and
cay that Mr, Bryan knew what he was
! talking about?"
Not a Democrat arose. Dolllver paused.
I reiterated his question and then resumed:
"It is then confessed that In a question i
which goes to the heart of the contro
versy Mr. Bryan lacked wisdom."
He called attention to Bryan's predlc- ,
tlon that wages would fall and men would !
be- thrown out of employment. Yet at the
end of three years of Republican adminis
tration under the gold standard there was
not an industrious man in the country
without employment. Those three years,
said he, had removed the last fears of
the Republicans as to the wisdom of
enacting gold legislation. It could not
have been done two years or one year
ago, but to-day the unanimous voice of
the Republican party was backed up by
the experience of the business world.
McClellan of New York opposed the bill.
"I do not wish it understood." said he,
"that 1 advocate the present system of
bank note currency. Tho first direct con
sequence of the enactment of this bill
will be a very groat rise in the market
price of Government bonds. Its enact
ment also would result In the extinction
of the present bank note currency."
He argued that the impounding of the
treasury notes and the I'nltea Btates
notes in the terms of the bill would result
in a contraction of the currency amount
ing to over $265,000,000 and require an issue
of bonds to that amount, at an additional
cost of 18.000.000 or a total contraction of I
the currency of nearly $510,000,000 and a
reduction or the per capita to $19 20. In
conclusion he appealed to the sound
money Democrats in the House not to
vote for the bill.
De Armond of Missouri followed in op
position to the bill. Replying to Dolliver.
he said the Democrats had not been over
borne in R% In tho conflict of reason, but
the Republican party had won by sum
moning to their aid the corrupt and tre
mendous power of money and corpora
tions. He charged the Republicans with
docelving the people in ISW. They were
bimotalli?ts then. If they were honest
then thoy must ho dishonest now: if hon- j
cst n«w. dishonest then. The change of |
the b«nds from coin to gold bonds, he |
said, would make a free gift of $100,000,000 i
to tho bondholders. The bill would ere- I
ato a bank trust. Ho predicted that this j
measure would overwhelmingly defeat the !
Republican party in 1900. When the peo- !
filos victory was won next fall, said he
n conclusion, it must not b« necessary to
go to tho "vine-clad cottage" at Canton.
Ohio, to offer congratulations, but "be
yond tho Mississippi to that modest home
il Lincoln. Xehr.. whor« resides that great
and stanch friend of the people." (Dem
ocratic applause.)
Groene of Pennsylvania then announced
tho death of his colloaguo. the late Rep- '■
resentatlve Errr.cntrout of Pennsylvania, i
and at 5:f6 o'clock, as a further mark of j
respect, the BOOM adjourned.
*
STRIKES AT COMBINES.
Joint Resolution Introduced by Mor
gan in the Senate.
"WASHINGTON. Dec. 11.— Senator Mor
gan of Alabama has Introduced a Joint
resolution to prohibit combinations be
tween corporations to control interstate
commerce and transportation. The reso- !
lution is as follows:
That any contract, agreement or combination
between two or more corporations which has for !
Its purpose the control of th« price of anything i
which Is the subject of. or enters Into, inter
state commerce, or the cost of the transpor- '
tation thereof, so as to Increase the same at
any place or locality In the United States, or
to discriminate in favor of or against any mass ,
of dealers, traders or consumers of such arti- '
cles within the United States Is contrary to the
public policy of the United States and every ,
such contract, agreement or combination Ik '
Illegal and prohibited.
Any person betng a member of a corpora
tion, or acting as Its agent, officer or employe,
who enters Into any such contract, agreement
or combination, or knowingly assists In the
execution or performance thereof, la anility of
a misdemeanor and Is liable to prosecution for
such offense, on information or by Indictment,
In the District Court of the United States in
and for the district In which the offense Is
committed. And on conviction thereof such
person shall be fined In a sum not less than
$100 and not to exceed $504. and also be Im
prisoned for a t»rm In the discretion of the
court In which ruch conviction Is had, not less
than one month and not greater than two
yean.
Mr. 'Morgan pave notice of his Intention
to address the Senate on the resolution at
a later date.
SHIPMENTS IN BOND.
Bill to Extend the Privilege Regard
less of Destination.
"WASHINGTON. Dec. 11.—Representa
tive Payne of New York, prospective
chairman of the Ways and Means Com
mittee, to-day Introduced a bill extending
the privilege of shipping merchandise in
bond across the country without refer
ence to the destination of the goods. At
present this free bonding privilege Is re
stricted to goods going to the adjacent
territory of t'anada or Mexico.
Payne says th«» effect of this has been
to cut off transcontinental traffic In
goods destined for remote points In Asia
and elsewhere, which traffic was taken by
the Canadian railroads. His hill seeks to
open the privileges to all MUBtrlai alike,
on the same terms that Canada and Mex
ico have enjoyed, and Payne says It Is
distinctly favorable to American trans
portation interests
The bill does not change the status
relative to the Mexican free zone, that
portion of the bill being a repetition of
the present law.
Bill Aimed at Trusts.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 11. -Senator Chll
ton to-day introduced a bill prohibiting
the sending of articles, the making of
which Is controlled by a trust, from one
State to another. Such offenses are made
punishable by Imprisonment not to exceed
three years.
Boer Resolution in the House.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 11.-Representa
tive Jett Introduced In the House a Joint
resolution expressing sympathy with the
Hots. It is In almost the same terms
as that Introduced in the Senate by Sen
ator Maeon.
TRIP TO UTAH
MUST BE MADE
Probable Action in the
Roberts Case.
»
Bp«cU! DUpatch to Tke Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec. ll.—Representa
tive J.onlz probably will fail In his effort.-*
to have the House of Representatives di
rect the special committee Investigating
the Roberts cas« to inquire Into the
charges of polygamy against Postmaster
Graham at Provo and Postmaster
Smith at Logan. Members of this
committee with whom I talked take
the ground that they have enough
work before them In the Roberts In
quiry, and that. If any investigation is to
be mad* in the charges against the Post
masters It should be made by the Post
offlce Department rather than by a Con
gressional committee.
In the absence of Chairman Tayler from
Washington there was no meeting of the
Roberts Committee to-day, but members
of the committee discussed among them
selves the question whether It would be
necessary for them to go to Utah to con
duct the Investigation. The reasons for
going to the neighborhood where all the
witnesses live are so strong that It In
probable that wbon the committee meets
to-morrow morning It will be decided that
the trip to Utah must be made.
Petitions against the seating of Rob
erts and In favor of an anti-polygamy
amendment to the constitution continue
to pour Into both houses of Congress by
thousands. They come from all parts of
the country an.l they constitute a laree
part of the mall of nearly every Sena
tor and Representative. They are all pre
sented In the two houses and referred to
appropriate committees.
So many members of both houses are
becoming Interested in the proposition to
amend the constitution so an to prohibit
polygamy in the Lnited States for all
lime that there Is every reason to expect
the passage of a resolution before the
expiration of. the present session of Con-
Representative Bhowalter of Pennsyl
vania introduced In the House to-day an
anti-polygamy measure similar to so
many others that have been Introduced.
MASON APPEALS
FOR THE BOERS
Scathing Arraignment of
England.
DENOUNCED AS A BULLY
IMPASSIONED SPEECH IN THE
SENATE.
Advocating His Resolution of Sym
pathy, the Illinoisan Dubs Cham
berlain a Lilliputian
Statesman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.-An appeal by
Mason of Illinois for the expression of
sympathy for the Transvaal republic In
Its war with Great Britain was the feat
ure of the Senate proceedings to-day. It
was the first formal address delivered In
the Senate this session and was listened
to with thoughtful attention by both the
members and by a large gallery of audi
tors. The resolution upon which Mason
based his speech was referred, at the con
clusion of the address, to the Foreign Re
lations Committee, Lodge of Massachu
setts considering it too delicate a ques
tion. In view of the position of this Gov
ernment, to pass upon without serious
consideration.
While Mason's address at times was
vehement— almost passionate— he confined
himself during a greater part of the time
closely to his manuscript, speaking at all
times with force and vigor. In opening
he said:
The war between monarchy and republican-
Ism began In earnest on July 4, 177*. and no
treaty of pear* haj ever been concluded, imr
ever will be, until the question Is nettled right.
The monarchlal trust company, though often
quarreling among themselves, have always
arreed on one thing; that a republic It a mls
tak».
After quoting extensively from Daniel
Webster's speech in support of his posi
tion. Mason continued:
But we are told that Kngland wu our friend
in the war with .Spain. How? Her people wrn
our friends because her people are a Christian
people; her government has never been our
friend except for purposes of Its own. I have
no desire to twist the lion's tall, but truth com
pels the statement. So far as our interests ar«
concerned, for the last half century the g.,v-'
ernment of Kngland and the people of Kngtand
have been divided. Yr»<i remember 1S61? The
government did all It could to divide the Union,
but the brave, starving wavers refused to re
solve a*raln«t us. saying they would starve be
fore tJiey would oay a word for slavery.
But even suppose she were to-day our best
friend, are we to be silent and uphold a wrong
In consideration of that friendship? We Re
publicans nre charged with a secret alliance
with England. It cannot b« true ar.'l the vote
which this or a similar resolution receives will
answer the charge.
Mason maintained that under the Mon
roe doctrine and on precedents previously
well established, the T'nltod States had
the same ri?ht to extend it* sympathy
and hopes for success to the Boers in
their struggle for liberty as it had to in
terfere wltn Spain in its conduct of af
fairs in Cuba. Ha urged that the Interest
of this country was aroused by the fact
thnt the South African war was a strug
gle between democracy and royalty—be
tween the divine right of kings and the
divine right of man. He exclaimed:
If we should sp*ak. and apeak quickly. It
would sting the politicians who brought on the
war for greed of gold and cheer the poor, brave
Ihitch defender of his home.
Mason contended that the question In
volved in the controversy between Great
Britain and the Transvaal prior to.hos
tilities was simply one of supremacy In
South Africa. "And I ask." said he. "In
common Justice, what right has Great
Britain to be supreme In South Africa?
It Is a light to control South Africa, and
the only way the English could do was to
threaten, bulldoze, browbeat and Interfere
with the Dutchmen until out of sheer
humiliation and desperation he was driven
to fight.
Referring to Mr. Chamberlain, he said:
Lat the distinguished Lilliputian statesman,
rattling around In Gladstone's shoes, trying to
undo his work and break his promises, be as
sured that he Is deceiving no one except, possi
bly, himself.
He declared that no nation except a pro
fessed bully would make the demands
upon another that Great Britain made
upon the TransvaaJ Republic, and In
closing said:
I bare not sought to excite prejudice by our
past differences with Enrlond. They are for
gotten and forgiven. But when the colors of a
republic are struck and we sit silent. It would
seem that we are ashamed or tired of our In
stitutions and by our silence give consent to
the destruction of self-government In Africa.
The statue of Liberty Enlightening the World
in New Tork harbor is neither a myth, a no
tion nor a lie. We may say without boasting
that If self-government Is right we have helped
the world. • • • •
If I am right, this resolution will help. It
will say to the world: "Washington. Monroe
and Webster are d*ad. but the American policy
still lives" It may sting the oppressor, but It
will be a message of affection and hop* to the
struggling republic.
Mason addressed the Senate for an hour
and twenty-five minutes. He was not
once Interrupted In the course of his
speech.
At Its conclusion. Lodge, after ex prais
ing the wish that Mason might have de
livered his address In the British Parlia
ment, said there was a wide gulf between
private opinion and public official expres
sion. The executive department of the
Government, he said, had assumed a neu
tral attitude toward the South African
war. The passage of this resolution by
the Senate would change immediately
that attitude.
"If we nre to depart from the position
of neutrality," paid Lodge. "It ought to
be a subject of most serious considera
tion."
He moved therefore that the resolution
be sent to the Committee on Foreign Re
lations, and It was so ordered.
At 3:06 o'clock the Senate went Into ex
ecutive session, adjourning at 3:40.
BOMB EXPLODED IN
A SPANISH THEATER
MADRID. Dec. 11 .—During a perform
ance yesterday at a theater at Murcla,
capital of the province of that name, a
bomb was exploded, fire broke out and
the theater was destroyed. The audience,
however, got out without serious acci
dent.
Czarina Bein^ Towed Back.
SEATTLE. Wash., Dec. 11.— The steam
freighter Czarina, which sailed four
weeks ago for San Francisco with a cargo
of 1200 tons of coal, 1b being towed back
from Cape Flattery- When two days
out she broke her shaft. Her owners or
dered the vessel towed to San Francisco,
but owing to unusually rough weather she
could not make the trip In safety, though
once she got 100 miles down the coast.
New Pass In Rocky Mountains.
After numerous hairbreadth excapes and
many thrilling: adventure*, a party of explor
er* In the Roclry Mountains stumbled onto a
pan* where they had believed It possible for
none to exist. In a like manner, people who
have balleved dyspepsia Incurable are aatnn-
Ished to find that there Is a way to health.
HoKtetter's Stomach Bitters used faithfully
makes the digestion strong, the bowels regular,
the liver active. Try It.
Don't fall to try
BEEGHAM'S PILLS
wh*n Buffering from any bad
condition of tho Stomach
. mm Lhrom.
MO cents nnd 25 cent*, at rtrnfttorn.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP ROOT.
What May Happen.
Weal^ Kidneys Caused by Over-
work, by LiftiQg or a Strain.
1 illM fPBSPP !^
We do not always know the constant
danger that confronts us through all
the daily walks of life. It may be an
accident or sudden illness; or perhaps
a disease that has been stealing upon
us from day to day.
It used to be considered that only
urinary troubles were to be traced to
the kidneys, but now modern science
proves that nearly all diseases have
their beginning In the disorder of these
most important organs.
Now by this Is not meant that you
should overlook all the other organs
and merely look after the kidneys.
Your other organs may need atten-
■ tlon— but your kidneys most, because
they do most.
If you are sick do not neglect your
kidneys, because as soon as they are
well they will help all the other organs
to health.
The kidneys may get weak or dis-
eased from a thousand and one causes;
from overwork, worry, a simple cold,
from lifting, a strain, or excess in high
living.
Others may suffer from diabetes,
dropsy, swelling of the feet and ankles,
rheumatism, bad blood, gout, gravel,
catarrh of the bladder, sleeplessness]
anaemia, nervousness, headache or
neuralgia.
All these symptoms are due to kidney
trouble, and the most prompt and ef-
fectual cure Is Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney remedy.
SWINDLER ROPER
BROUGHT TO BOOK
Defrauded Hundreds of
Investors.
SpeeUl Dispatch to Tae Call.
NEW YORK. Dec. 11.-Osmer W. Roper
bf Newark. N. J.. was arrested to-day by
the Federal authorities and committed to
jail In default of SSOOO bonds. The charge
Is based upon an allegation that he wu
UFlng the mails for swindling purposes,
and It Is claimed that hla scheme was far
and away better than Miller's Franklin
Syndicate. In that It took In plenty of
money and seldom If ever paid any out
except for running expenses. The au
thorities have fifty complaints drawn up
against him and they nay they can get
thousands of them If needed.
The swindle, a-s they say It was. haa
been In operation for three years. Roper' s
business required a large force of clerks.
stenographers and typewriters and he did
an enormous mall business.
It Is claimed that Koper Is the, Realty
Corporation Company or New Jersey, the
Realty Loan ana Trunt Fund Company,
the Realty Loan and Title Company and
the Four Per Cent Mortgage Company.
The authorities say the companies existed
By fyts °°* /** ArC continua "y Obtain-
H^l ***!</ A ** r *IU ' n 8 our samples; result
■^^^ tyn e fco^ e pm — they order and are
H^i^.^^**^^^^!/ *^S I) I pleased with the suit or
kSi^'V «B/^r\ NTW'I so high, we know that
H^^^i^^^ — cated by the usual fi;
v \\ \ jklt' 1 Money returned if voa
Clothes kept in repair
|M^~ 4/ 1 Get our sample book
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market Street and
• ' ■ Cor. Powell and Eddy.
In taking Swamp- Root you afford
natural help to nature, for Swamp-
Root is thr most perfect healer and
gentle aid to "c ktdr.'-ys that is known
to medical science.
If there Is any doubt In your mind
as to your condition, take from your
urine on arising about two ounces,
place It In a glass or bottle and let It
stand twenty-four hours. If on exam-
ination It is milky or cloudy. If there
Is a brick-dust settling, or If small par-
ticles float about in It, your kidneys
are In need of immediate attention.
Swamp-Root should at once be taken
upon the least sign of ill health. It will
make you well, and Is for sale the world
over in bottles of two sizes and two
prices — 50 cents and $1.
Swamp-Root Is used In the leading
hospitals, recommended by skillful
physicians in their private practice;
and is taken by doctors themselves who
have kidney ailments, because they
recognize in it the greatest and most
successful remedy for kidney, liver and
bladder troubles.
To prove its wonderful efficacy, send
your name and address to Dr. Kilmer
& Co., Blnghamton. N. V.. mentioning
that you read this generous off^r In th*
San Francisco Dally Call, when you
will receive, free of all charge, a sam-
ple bottle of Swamp- Root and a vsJ-
uable book by mall prepaid. This book
contains many of the thousands upon
thousands of testimonial letters re-
ceived from men and women cured.
only on paper, although regularly Incor
porated, and that in each Roper was th«
only person concerned.
According to the inspector, the scheme
was to offer loans In unlimited amounts at
4 per cent or le«<s The offers were made
by mall and applicants for l<«*n* were re
qulr«d t" advance money for fees for ex
aminations of property and titles and
other thinfr* as long aa they would stand
11 t.> bi Mm
When the officers swooped down upon
the offices to-day they took possession nf
everything In sight except the em;
whom the officers had Investigated pre
viously and knew all about an 1 where
they lived. Several mallbags full of cir
culars, letters and applications were
The Inspector* say the applications for
loans run Into thousands and that the
profits tn the prisoner have been very
great. Ropor ssiys he has nothing I
with the Realty I»an and Trust Com
pany or the Four l'.>r Ont Company an<i
that he sold them out long ago. Thl.«. the
Inspector* say. Is not the case.
Roi>er will be given a healing on Thurs
day.
The police estimate that Roper'i opera
tions must have netted him finn.onn. j{«« I*
paid to have been arrested before for
swindling. AmonK his victims are a
church In Anr.apolls. Ind.. which gave up
J494. and the Mount Zlon Baptist Church
of Knoxvllle. Term . which sent MOO.
New University Chancellor.
OMAHA. Neb.. Dec. IL— The Board of
Regent* of the Nebraska State T'nlver
slty will meet to-morrow and may ap
point a chancellor It 1« said the plac«>
will fall to either President Btubt>H
of the Nevada State Tnlverslty. Profes
sor Jenks of Cornell T'nlveritty or Su
perintendent Benjamin Andrews of Chi
cago.
34
RELIANCE CLUB BOXING BOUTS.
OAKI.ANI*. ivo. U.~Th«> boxing night to be given at the Reliance Ath-
I< He flub «>m Tliurmlny evening next will be the best thing of the
kind to •>•• given in Oakland this winter. The reorganized club with
Mm hundred* <if n»«w member* In trylnK to ntake ■< particularly good
ihowinaj f<»r the winter neaiion of sportn, and Superintendent Oaof|« Gross
me nrt«f.K<<l irMrnng |.roKramnie for Thursday evening.
Tlhto will !•«• thn-« ten-round bOUtfl In addition to the usual preliminar
ies Tho 1 •«• «'imrn' y-Fln»i»-rty tlKlit lo of ► <iui Intoreel to the eoaat, for
l!i<- wJnin-r of Uiin fUtht In Mlr«>n.ly matched to !»Kht t»if winner of the « '"!•■
ltl< hl«. n»;ht In Hun Krancl «'<•<> f«>r tho rJirunplonwhlp <>f the TarlUc t'<»«Ht In
i ln- f«:ith<rw right flnrn*. Them will b«: ten fast rounds, for the winner will
ii.. l «>iil> li;i\< ihc prizes Riven !•>' t»i« Ilellancw «""luh but th« prlvllrKe of
I tin rhjuiiplntifihlp flKht «tf Mv» ron.it.
Another »>ir<in« attraction will bo th« fluht between loMJT Phil <;rr«*n,
,» (xipulm favorite Ht ih<- Reliance Club; and Jack Weedejr. The) will fight
it !'..'.> pound*. ladi Kiuilh and Totiy Irvlno. both of Kan KranciHCO, will
tlno have a t«n-routnl sro.
VITTITOE
IN GREAT
RIDING FORM
In Fr nt on Four Occasions
at Tanioran- -Geyser
bad y i^eatcn.
■
Com th.
■ ■ ■
..rr bjr i
•• ■ i ii.i
'.i. hi
,
|ul< | .
■
" In tli««
' ixlda
.i and Farortu
■
lt hum »•.«!•! tlmt Otcmr Young would
win Ok- i'lxmilmb fiprtnt. but he run uwuy
vltli !{;»:■.« h I. r Jure tlie Hart, upsetting all
wi»<' < '.ilriiiatlmis. White Fern, III.' 11 tO
li faviMH<\ «nii cleverly from hl.vjuoo.
Wltli Moatlowthorpe .- ,i.u. In .1 ».•!!■
taare, ISsplonat*«. «ua iti«taiie<i a hot fa
votita : r ■ '. • ml!« utnl h qquar t run.
Vlttltoc M.iiit.l unit bet until the lust fur-
Junjj. « ln-n in- j>a.-->i-J Owyhif. winning
umlfr wtupK Aiirl a took •how honor*.
«\>rrlM<ii - IHI> Hardliif. it nd La »m. run
with
■
i wlk n he
I
i
• ■
:-;irth M
■
. th.
Track Notes.
Itonmnen vrtlO have lnsp«<rted'the> JCnpn
stock farm yearling* to be sold at Occi
dental H>>rre Kirhange Thursday evening
prottounre tJi«-m th« tln«*M lot ever shipped
t«» tho ii».-«i market These are from pro
tiurtng dams nn.l »>y fire* whose reputa
tion Is already earned.
S.» inut It tUssntihriw-tion has existed In
1 ••■:•. rtrvle* <lurlnß the season now
In pt.>»r«*f« at Tunisian that only four
t«<«n book* cut in yesterday. This Is quite
m : . ' ; - off from twenty.
T<» partially even up things with Frank
l\>*» for « Ultnlng Tar Hill. "Mil" Murray
<lr«'latvd t!»« .-nil out of nil of his Muke
I'l'K.iKi'miiitji.
Luuutorkburn will nvelve ■ special
••n;.;.- for the Thornton four-mile, stake.
A\ !t<>n liir. uu-in»; <!.i\s ar«< «iver Itarney
S. lir-iluT will jvtlre the biMwn horNe to
the »tul at Woodlands, and thinks a four
tni!e rirtori would n.M to hN already long
l^t Of worthy turf n.-hievements.
'i oilow Tall.
To-Day'a Entries.
i
♦ * Hilly Mnore l^ m rVx-e««u* m
«!<* Ttw !<•<})' IQJ <1( lTr*toni# 1M
MtCttamptoa Roae.ioti 4.1 ritw hhot in
W j:ti).-ynH-nt lOli ,
H^.v-n.l r«(v «1« fuilon«»: sflllnr: thre»-y*«r
tails mi.l uj want.
«ÜBtr«Mmll 1M «n Trm-M IN
««. Nrw M.x«n Ji>» o Aluminum 1«*
tfTUatwaUtit m «jj pktmn»h k>
«Jl I>|>lr«n,V» «»• ««| Oraily j«
«JI 13 Balada n« Cl O'Oonncf 114
4:1 ttouUhra ml
'Third race-On* tntU: s*nin«: all agwL
<(Mist. Ap<4!inarl«..lii|| 40« Vtnrtora ... 101
t» <"Mmur« »i>l jAH Oralbe* .... '" n
C 4 tisttte i\>& ::, "
rmce-Mll. aTTa . latoari •rlltnc an
4* t"*»rtiili» Jrti <O>J>rt» .... it*
.4^.\uuy .. •» v* Mareattt :..;;M*Clos
UXMMc»aowttiPrp» ..kh', 41s Mi-rfnfl 104
Klflh r«ee-On» MiU; twc» j-f»r-eia» and ui»
w ..•.<. •riling. *^
MlCastaka ie: :•- i..v. : » m»r n»
• lUilmjM-ri.His 11* «a M«nu* O Jo:
< • ■
Pears'
No soap in the
world is so cheap.
No soap in the
World is so Listing.
COMING BIG BOXING AND RACING EVENTS
filxth rner— fi»vrn furlongs; thro»-y««ar-«l<1»
in ■! upward.
4:ls Mik» Ulini 101 ; 3»S Pat Morrliiey..in4
«r.J Oyprr 104 : 444 Itinutnajitfr M
403 Klin; "■.itnlval..lic Murlnga »»
Selections for To-Day.
J r lrft m. •• Tl.«- Lady, |H-v.-t.in. lY^ftome.
B^^l.nll rorr— 1' • .Int. New Moon. El Ralado.
Tiiinl race-Chlmura, (''lall.r. m Ap^lll
iiitrln
FVMtrtb rnee— MnUy. Mareato, Fort«.
I'lfih rnr#— W'yumlnr. lmperlr>u«. ■ •'-•ar.
Hlxth race-Tut Mfii'. Morlnga, Geycer.
AMATEURS WILL
FIGHT HARD TONIGHT
An Interesting Una Is promised to fol
lowers «.f I.oxlhk nt the Ban Frnnelnco
Athletic Club to-nlßht. Matchmaker Alec
«Jr«'KKiilnH hiiH nrrunKed one ton-round
■nd t lir«*<- elght-muiid bouts for the even
ingV entertainment. The main event will
)><• l>.>tw.-i!i Henry Lewla of the Bon Kriui
rlsro Athletic »')ub Mini J. J. Gibbets,
i hampton w«-lter-wtlKht of M.ir.- Island
navy-yam,
T1 other tlphtu will be between Bud
T»rry. M. A. C.. v». Julea Tlllmnn, C A.
it n,| B, <_'.. IIS ppunda ••i«iit round»; Toby
Irvlno. Ob. A. C. vn. Jerry CoUlna, Ex. A.
«".. I^s poundst, elKht roundn; Charles Ho
rhette. S. P. A. (\, V* Charles Freder
lrk». S. 1" A. C., I I pounds, clKht rounds.
■ m ■
On* Favorite Home First.
NEW ORLEANS, Dm 11.— Heavy show
ers y«-Mi-rday made the track very heavy
to-dny. There was but nn« winning fa
roiite, Porbuah; who outclassed his Held.
Jimmy Michael, tin? bicycle rider, ar
rived to-day and will be seen In the sad
illr Moon. Results:
six .•i.l one half furlong*— Uckniitn wen. ].<
i;rm:f» iM»r<<ntl. Turn Culllna third. Time. l:!6i».
Six furlong*- Silver ••■■in wMI Tolly lllxby
MCOOtf. Urn <"h*nr« thlnl. Time. 1 tS\.
Our tntlr nn<! twenty yard*, ..... — Forbush
w«n. l*ri>»r«-ni ny I, K'.uu.l third Tim*.
VMM.
» »ti«- mile anil twenty yard*. •x-lltnc-Stranc
i-M won. r.vrlyn lUrd MCOS4, Jimp third
Ttni*-. l:M»».
H« \rn furlong*, Krlitng Klnjulr won,
Ti-^lht »pi-i>nit, 1.-'nl Neville third. Tim*.
l.S«ij..
No Midweek Coursing.
On account of the scarcity of hares
there will be no midweek coursing at
I'nlon Park on Wednesday.
Q ♦ <«. -♦-.♦-• ♦-...-♦-.;.-♦-
BOUND FOR WASHINGTON
TO LOBBY FOR HAWAII
COLONEL O. L. LITTLE OF HILO
NOW AT THE PALACE.
Chosen to Represent the Anti-Dole
Party in Their Fight for Ter
ritorial Government.
Among the distinguished passengers
who arrived yesterday from the Inlands Is
Colonel IS. 1. Little, now nt the Palaco
HoteL Colonel Little Is ■■••• of Ullo
and Is on his way to Washington to look
after tin- Interests of the American party
In the Hawaiian Islands during th pas
sage through Congress of the Hawaiian
bill.
When seen last evening Colonel Little
said that m.« a resident of the islands he
had the Interests of the people very much
at heart, and as an attorney who under
stood the technicalities of legislation he
had been delegated by those known as the.
American party, or. In other words, tho*e
opposed to the Dole administration, to go
to Washington and do his best to rush
the passage of the bill through Congress.
The bill as It now stands Is not, so says
the colonel, entirely satisfactory to the
majority of the people In the Islands. In
consequence several amendments will be
asked for. and It Is aspect**] they will be
granted.
The principal of these pertain to cltl
senshlp and the land laws. It will be
asked that all those residing In the Ha
waiian Islands at the time, of the over
throw of the monarchy be considered cltl
rens upon taking the prescribed oath;
also those having established a residence
of one year.
The land law!«. It Is claimed, give too
much authority to the land agent and al
low too much latitude for discrimination.
The« Congress will be asked to eliminate
and to substitute the regular land laws of
the United States Instead.
Congress will alao be asked to Insert a
clause declaring all the commission* va
cant upon the passage of the bill and thus
give the people an opportunity to express
their wishes as to future "facials. The
only man they have seriously In mind .it
present Is Arthur M. SewaJl. whom they
wish to make Governor. There are many
other amendments looktng to the secur
ing for the people of the Hawaiian Isl
ands the same form of government en
joyed by the Territories of the United
States.
Senator Culloai will introduce the hill.
which will be referral to a committee.
! wbero It will be fought out.
» m ■
Sullivan Qets the Decision.
lIAUTKORD. Conn.. Pee, 11.— ~8plke"
Sullivan got the decision over Young
Kenny, to* Chicago lightweight. In the
sixth round of what was scheduled to
have been a twenty-round bout at IS3
poundt. before the Capitol City Athletic
Club to-night. Although carefully nurs
ing hi* recently lrok.n right hand. Sulll
van was the aggressor from start to fin
ish, in th« slvth Kenny > .tuithi a terrific
l»«ft on the Jaw. which »•. Nt Mm to the
floor. *n«» i>fvrr« Him »toprw>il tha ft* tit
nwnnllng th« <Jwibic»n to Sullivan.
erjf.prf*«rrmtion Ml b« nature"* flr»t
law. but lying la a oloM »«s.onO.
TnE FAX FUANCTKCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMREB 12. 1809.
CUPS FOR FOOTBALL MEN.
Coach Chamberlin and Captain
Murphy the Recipients.
STANFORD [JNTVEMITT, Dae. 11 —
To-night the f ■ lord Unl
vprcit\ presented Hurr Chamberlln with
v baadsoma lovtng nip. The gift i* a
of the high ente.-m which the fol
lowen of th<- cardinal have for tii<- popu
lar Yai«- •■<> :*•■»•. The cup bean on one
■ide the Inscription: "T<> Burr <"liamlK-r
lin f r« -in the students «f Btanford Uni
versity." The reverse fide hearH the
i penanta of };il«' and Stanford.
iln M ii phy wu all
of ■ Blmllar Ktft fr^m the members <>f
eclna Club, The presentation took
; c | if the SSeta P«l fra
ternity h»>i]i>r\ where i mokei was after
siven to the coach .■< . < i <■ ;• i>t n l 1 > and
member! of t!i< team, thn ■ ter
mliintlnr th»- f<». .t l.;ill B«asr>n <>t
Another Scalp for Guns.
CINCINNATI, Dae. 11 Jo* <:«!.
Baltimore defeated K i«i A*)f <<-.>iored). a
local lightweight, in ;i flfteen-round fight
}i«T<- to-night before the People'! Ath
letlo I'lui. f«.r ;i pume >>t J*
■ ♦ ■
Calendars for 1900.
"California Violets, "Golden Pop
pi. s 1 :■ 1 1 < i "California wild Flower*" aw
ti.i mod popular calendar! f'>r IMO. Price
10 cent* i-;i'-h. The "Indian" and "Onl
are ;ilm" KT'-at sellers.
Banborn. \'nii * Co., 741 Market Mreet. •
BOXERS PREPARING TO ENTER
THE RING IN FINE FETTLE
» rp HINGB have tnken on a warlike
» i appearance at "Papa" niankcn'a
» I mil- Houho th-— • days. The
>. visitor to the famous training
, quarters ImaKlncni he has entered a
battlelleld, as the resounding whack
of the punchli • as It beats aK111"111a K 111 " 111
■ the celling pounds at time* like, a can
nonade and agn«n like a musketry
Ore The f.-ellng li strengthened when
he- pees threo athletic fellows engaged
nt tho wrist machine, punching the
" ball or making lunges and smashes at
nn Imaginary opponent. There Is a
• scent of battle; the nlr teems with It.
There i- every likelihood of there be
, Ing three hot scrimmages, '»■* "Kid"
Tarker Is fitting himself for an en
gagement which ho has with Ruf«
' Turner, an obony-sklnned boxer who
halls from Stockton, and Wllllo Colo,
• a clever youngster. Is preparing for a
contest with Clarence Richie, a hard
. hitting production of Chicago. "Big
Kill" Russell has reinforced the camp
nnd la making ready to meet Joe Ken
nedy. . .
Kxperts at the fistic game voice the
► opinion that Rufe Turner will have to
• light next Friday uvenlng as he has
, never done before. Their views have
MMM weight, Judging by th. nggrcs-
DIED ON THE WAY
TO THE HOSPITAL
Miss Lizzie Granfleld Passes Away
Under Rather Peculiar
Circumstances.
T'lzzlo Oraaileld, an employe, of Green
baum Brother*, died In the ambulance
while being conveyed to the Receiving
Hospital. Tho peculiar circumstances
surrounding her death led to an Investi
gation by the polio* and the detention for
a few hours of Dr. Marion Thrasher.
Detectives Ed Gibson and Charles
Coady were immediately placed on th«
case by Captain Bohen and In a short
time learned that Miss Qranflcld visited
the oflices of Dr. Thrasher in the Donohoe
building shortly after the noon hour and
complained of being 111. She was placed
on the lounge and was* administered to by
the doctor. As she. continued to grow
worse Dr. Winslow Anderson, who has ad
joining oflices. was called In and nitro
glycenn and strychnine wore adminis
tered to her hypodermlcally. Mi.»> Gran
rWld'a condition grew critical and Dr.
Thrasher telephoned to th« Receiving
Hospital for the. ambulance and handed
his patient over to Steward Davis and the
young lady was hurried to the hospital,
but in* passed away before arriving at
her destination. . _, ,
Dr. Thrasher was escorted to the Chief
of Police's otnee last night and stated
that he had been the family's physician
for over sixteen years; that Miss Uran
lleld's death was due to heart failure and
gastritus. H. explained his action in
sending his patient away from his office
at a critical period by saying that he
thought she would be more comfortable
nt hi home, and he rang for the ambu
lance to have her conveyed to Ml Minna
street.
Miss Granfleld's body was removed to
the Morgue. Her sister stated that she
was affected with a weak heart, which Is
hereditary In her family. h«r parent* hav
ing died of the weakness. . .
■ ♦ «
IMPROVING ALVISO SLOUGH.
John E. Quinn Will Urge the Impor
;';.'' " tance of the Work in the
Proper Quarter.
John K. Qulnn of the Merchants' Asso
clntion will tuMrr<.«s i comraunlcation to
tho people of Pan Joso, urging them to
work to prevent the reversion of a sum
of money to tho Government which wan
appropriated for th«- improvement of Al
vl»o Slouch, and which remains partly
unexpended because the contract that
was let for dredging the slough did not
take the entire appropriation. A letter
has been received from General John M.
Wilson of the Engineer Corps of the
United States Army, setting forth ' the
facts concerning the status of the money
appropriated. The proposition 1* to
dredge the channel to a depth of seven
feet at low water and to make a bottom
width of sixty feet with sld«> slopes 1: Is
also proposal to secure more money. If
f>oss«lble. that the slough may bo Improved
n nil necessary ways to promote naviga
tion between that place and San Fran
cisco. A franchise has been given for the
construction of an electric railway from
San Jose to the Mough. which will give
San Jose," direct connection with tide
water on the hay of San Francisco. Gen
eral Wilson has advised that the people
shall have their presentation of facts
made up by the beginning of the new year
that proper action may be, taken when
the river and harbor bill Is prepared.
O'MALLEY
NO MATCH
FOR SANTRY
— — — _
Knocked Out in Less Than a
Minu c at the Garrard
Benefit.
Special ntßpatrh to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dee. 11.— At a benefit given
here to-night to Frank (Jarrard, the <>1 1-
Mm<- r\i\,i t yn lightweight, Kddie Santry.
the featlter-wejfrht ohamplon of the world.
lUOoked out Jack o'Malley, an aspiring
lightweight from Baltimore. In lessjhan
n minute of what waa to have been a~afx
round i-oi ■
Clarcttofl P\)lt)ae, a local bantam, who in
matched to mccl Steve Flanagan In St.
i^tuiti !;<-xt week, kiio<-k<-d out "Mickey"
tliley, a lightweight of Milwaukee, In
three toyj
The benenl was a Hurcess financially
atii] ti'-tt'-d nearly $1000. (Jarrard bus been
Beriously sick ever since his return from
Cuba, where he served with the Illinois
volunteers during the Spanish-American
wi.r.
Blvenens shown by Parker while in
training. He is of the I,sivlgne and
Erne style of fighter, and when boxing
with his trainer, "Jack" Leahy, makes
tho latter feel the weight of his
punches. He Ik as quick on hln feet as
a tiger, and when he imagines his col
ored opponent Is before him he cuts
looue and in as navitgo as that animal.
The Denver lad Is a glutton for work
and his trainer has hard work calling
him oft. The bag suffers from his ter
rific onslaughts, as do likewise the
men who box with him, and he has al
most worn out the canvas on the
padded floor by his footwork.
Cole makes a pond training mate,
nn<l botwvon the two there are excit
ing times around the gymnasium. If
ai'i'i-arnruTs aro not deceitful both
men arc In excellent shape and fit to
make a lively flght. Parker has been
advised on Turner's stylo of boxing
and he Is confident that he has a de
fense that will stop the colored man's
wicked leads. Colo sports a "caull
BONDS STOLEN FROM
FILES OF RECORDER
OTHER PAPERS REQUIRED IN
SUIT MISSING.
Protection Afforded for the Records
Concerning the Builders Is
Found to Be Entirely
Unsatisfactory.
On the Cth of October. Il**,I I **, a contract
was filed at the office of the County Re
corder In this city for the building of
flats on Olive avenue, near Van Ness ave
nue, by J. V. Hull M contractor, for Jo
seph Henry, the owner of the land. The
cost was to be $2250. The bondsmen named
In the bond, which was filed. at the same
time along with the plans and upeoitlca
tlons. wore Matthew Harris and Prank
Harris, 'who are connected with a lum
ber concern at the corner of Fifth md
Brannan streets. There were some bill*
that the contractor did not pay in fu l.
By reason of this a Market street busi
ness house, which furnished some of the
builder's hardware for the flats, recent
ly looked pbout with the Idea of bringing
suit against the bondsmen. An attorney
was sent to the Recorder's ofllce to look
up the papers on file. To his icreat sur
prise he found that all the four papers
in the case— the bond, plans, specifications
and contract had disappeared.
A deputy of Recorder Hcrthler looked In
all the pigeon holes where such papers
are Wed away and also in a large safe,
wherein bonds are put In case a lien Is
filed. After careful search the announce
ment was made that tho papers were all
gone and that they had been probably
stolen.
It appears that there Is very little, if
any. security for bonds under the pres
ent arrangement. Under the law builders'
contracts are not recorded. The file In
each case :s simply tucked into a pigeon
hole to remain until It Is called for. \\ htle
no person Is supposed to take a file from
any pigeon hole the papers are often left
for the parson Inspecting them to look tit,
and often he is alone. There have been
other losses of bonds In builders' contracts
reported, but this Is the first time re
cently that an entire file In any case has
disappeared.
The statement was made in the office
of the Recorder by an ofllce deputy that
the builders' contracts and papers of that
sort were not even pigeon-holed before
the present administration came Into of
fice and fiat there were huddled together
bonds and contracts separated by years
as far apart as I*so and IS9S. There are
valuable looks In the upper part of the
Recorder ofnee that are on the floor by
reason of lack of any proper place to put
them. One business house reported yes
terday that on two separate occasions the
bonds of builders, to which the proprie
tors had looked for Indemnity, were miss-
Ing from the Recorder's office and could
not be found after a long search. Pre
sumably they were stolen.
Benn Knocks Out Douglass.
LEADVILL.E. Colo., Dec. 11.— It re
quired but flve rounds for "Parson" Wtl
lard Bean of Salt Lake to knock out Bob
Douglass of St. Louis at th* Athletic Club
arena t.>-ni(tht. Dotsglaft* wn* the afpres
■or from the start and landed heavily on
Bean, but the latter wan cool and cau
tious and did not attempt to force, mat
ters until the fifth round. At the. end of a
hot rally he sent his left straight to Dour
}"** wind and the latter drojim»d like a
log. The men fought at 150 pounds.
COURSING MEN MEET.
Representative Committee Transacts
Business in Regular Session.
The California Coursing Committee held
a regular meeting last night. P. Moran
• presiding. The most Important business
, transacted was the seating -of the repre
sentatives of the Inglealde Club. H. A.
Deckelman, Captain Clarkson. D. Dillon
and W. E. Thompson.
The committee discussed the contention
of D. J. 'Healy and J. O'Bhea over the
ownership of Wave and decided not to
act, leaving the matter to the parties and
the courts for settlement. Dr. Irak's
case was laid on the table. A committee
was appointed to Investigate the registra
j tion of the puppies of Koo Lawn. The
■ secretary wan ordered to confer with the
Sacramento club in regard to registration
and other Important matters.
The next meeting will be held on De
cember 27.
» ♦ «
HARDSHIP AT SEA.
Italian' Bark Caviar Beaches Victoria
: After a Terrible Voyage.
VICTORIA. B. C. Dec. 11.— The
! Italian bark Caviar arrived here to-day
I from Shanghai. She reports having en
1 countered the tall end of a typhoon which
1 split her Kills Into ribbon! ami s»tove In
her water tank. . The .sailors had to con
dense salt water. Four sailors were sick,
I leaving only six men to man the ship.
flower" ear and Is proud of It. He got
it while boxing with Green when tho
latter wag preparing for his fight with
NealL Willie says he Is hitting harder
than ever before, and if he whips
Richie will look for other men to con
quer.
Richie in training near Ingleslde,
and from all accounts Is doing faithful
work. Turner is preparing at Stock
ton. As unuol, he will carry the money
of the Slough City sports when he en
ters the roped arena. He feels that he
ha« a hard man in Parker and will
fight hard for victory.
mn^Biyiiiiiinw ■•» v v.vvvvvvvvvvwvvvv'^vvvvvvvvvvvwjcvvvvvv'^V^^
"Hurrah! I'm Cured."
<sgg^, "My pains are gone."
£:\ "My stomach is perfect."
"I can sleep like a top."
"I'm well all over."
This is the wa y the y talk - Eve ' v day some grateful
ill C&** / ySK^*^\%k patient shouts his gratitude or his recovery to health and
BEf'" I^' jJffiV strength. Every town sends forth its praises for that grand
flwffir^S^E^lsiyi and never-tailing remedy which cures without drugs,
jggjv DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S
m 1 ELECTRIC BELT.
g^ &L There " nothin « like jt - !t is new, modern, up to date
mff J. nd cures the most aggravated cases of Rheumatism, Lame Back'
lag Weak Kidneys, Nervousness, Inactive Liver, Failing Digestion
_^. WT ains and aches in any part of the body, general debility in
*IT*- >S^^», -— — , men and women. It is as good for women as for men and
infuses its grand, invigorating power into the body while you
' • f "P- J^ 3 ! Mft CU5hi ° n electrodes, which enable the current
4 ; Z 1 X ° m the *°*y with its strengthening glow without burning or
Lumbago. blistering. It never burns the skin.
PTENT. Tuolumn* Co.. C*l.. I"""* rmy —
*%£ assST/l n Free Test Fnee Book.
ffijJS-EMSS-ffiSi^a! „ Cal1 ' if possible, and test this grand remedy, free See
sSriß K3MTLiir«^ OW wonderfully it works, and let me tell voa whether it #«
sKHrr^'-'W he - vv k ou - lf >' ou cannot ell. let me >end v , u ™vC
PiSSfiSg!?aa!itfSliSs book about i! ''«. by mail. Address y ■ P 8
in perfect health. 1 c *n hon^tlr re?- _.
s?sssF* :t m& Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, A&^n&aisi
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
ICorrrtirht. H». by H. H. Egbert.)
TANFOBAN PARK, Mond.yT December 11, 1899. -Twentieth day
of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf As.oci.tion. We.ther tine.
Track muddy. __ ■
J. J. -PT4..M1.. Jud C e. J. F. CALDWEL^-Btart.r.
44tS FIRST RACE slx furl' no: ••»»n»: all " ef: pur "* f tw *
p i | IWtttnt.
:nd«. Horse. A,e. Weight. St. lm. Him. Km. Btr. Fin. Jockey..
437 White Fern. 1 107 7 ... •« {J {J iYiTSSS&fiZ 'il'£l
«« Sluquor. 2 M : ... J »J 2h 34 PheUn ft n
¥A if lpl d*'o 2 •— ; ff f •" ! «2 4 2 4 1 Htuart 19 II
.--: March Seven. •'••• SI ( i ••• 1 h 4 1 6 1 6 1 J. Martin . 4 *
££ 7, orn , ( eha / k ' y ' **"Si 1 •" 7 2 8 1 «n 8 1 J. Walsh S ».
430 Urchin, 2 3 107 10 ... i * • * •» -• t B^rnsV... I M
m Furla. 3 107 8 ... 5h Jn \ a !' Henry 13 «,)
419 CymoKa. 3 107 « ... « n 9 » • gSS "»." 8 «
324 Caeaar Young. 2.... 87 » ... » '— ■ .*" " = *
Tim" VV P25P 25 4 51 ■*4 lit*. Winner. W. A. %*»%*•*' '« by Imp. TopoOaM.
Welcome. Good «art Won easily. Second and third driving. /# „
White Fern was beat of a trashy bunch. Caesar Youn*. the good thing. ran away
two mllea. St. Isldor couldn't gallop. 111. Ton, Smith 111. Mi of York II 112 Croker
Soratched-nioomlng Chance 107. Pongo 115. Tom Bmltb 112. Duke or xoric n iv. crowr
107. My Dear m. Hohenlohe 115. Miss Soak 112.
AACk SECOND RACE— One mile and a auartar; Belling; thre«-y«ar-olds and upward.
t r x TC/« purse. 1400. ,
I
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight St.
.
4m.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
'
Jockey*-
n 1
432 Espionage. I 101 4 IW J4 1% II \\ 'V.mtoe .... 1-1 »-M
43S •••nee. 1 101 1 In 14 11 In 24 H»ln«0O *\ *
413 Alicia. 4 107 1 I 11 Ina th II II I* v tn 7 U
327 Rapldo. a 107 1 1 lh lh 4 1 4 1 4 4 ,Btuart •-•••• . 13
43S Stromo. 3 99 2 4 1 4 1 8 « 6 6 8 1 Fauntleroy ... 8
304 Defiance, I 915 Bh «40 6tO •49 149 Henry. 10 .-
43? Ladaea, I 101 7 7 7 7 7 I__ E. Rort 19 V
Time— U. :2SU: 4. :RIT %• 1:1»; mile, l:45«i: ltim « 2:13. Winner, I* H. EieU'e • t
by Inspector B-Bun Maid. Good start. Won eaatly. Second and third driving.
A gallop for winner. Alicia failed to star.
Scratched— Stuttgart IS. Meadowthorpe 113.
4SA THIRD RACE— FITe furtono; two- year-olds; purae. 1400.
I | MM
ndex. Horae. Weight. St. Vim. Hm. %m. Btr. Fin. [ Jockey*. Op Cl.
Hm.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
I
Jorkey*.
Op. cl.
J3« Bardln* 106 1 ... Ih 11 14 If Tttttto* 1-1 1-5
418 Tar Hill 101 2 ... «3 si II 24 T&orpe 4 I
»» Giro KM! 4 ... II It it II R. Rosa I 29
412 F. W. Brod« 108 3 ... 1% 3 IV4 414 4 I T. Burna I 14
436 Bllver Tall 109 5 ... S4 4 h 54 »4E Jones II 29
... Antolnetta 105 7 ... 71 71 71 It Helnson 40 10*
436 Zlnka 105 < ... 4h «l (I 71 Henry tO •»
424 Bohardlne 100 » ... I It! Devln 40 130
Time— K. :1214: U. :34; *( :»4: H. VMM. Winner. E. Corrlgan'a eh. f. by Imp. Et*s«t-
law-lmp. Sardonyx. Good start. Won eaally. Second and third driving.
IllilM tln-car.ned home. Tar Hill alow to get In motion. Giro stopped. 8!lv«r Tall
aulked, aa usual.
Scratched— Constellator 108. Juletto 105. Racetto 105.
SI FOI'RTH RACK -On* mile; all ac*s. handicap; purse VM.
I Betting.
nd«t. Horn*. Age. Weight. St. Im. lHra. *4m. Str. Fin. \ Jockeys. Op. Cl.
(441) Tlmemaker. 6 106 1 I It Th II 1 IV, 114 Bullman T-» 7-19
43:. Napaxnax. 4 105 1 Ih 14 In 1\ II T. Burn*. J-5 1
434 Dr. Nembula, 3... .100 4 4 2 2V4 II II I I', F.. Row I 19
(431) I^ttiian, 1 10013 I 14__«_ 4 4 4 H»nry 15 »
Time— ' :IT%; H. :M: *i..1:19: mile.. l:4J»i. Winner. J. T. Bchorr'a b. h. by lni>.
Kantaka-Nellle Stanley. Poor start. Won vastly. Second and third driving.
Winner scored on class. Napamax should not have been rated. Dr. Kembula almoM
left.
Scratched— Geyaer 106.
i»Q FIFTH RACE-On» mile; celling; three-year-olds and upward; aura*. 1440.
_T | [Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight St. *%m. Hm. %m. Btr. Fin. Jockey*. Op. Cl.
... Merops. 1 101 7 I~T i~l 114 Jl4 X 4 Vlttltoe 6-5 MS
433 Tom Cromwell, a.. 101 1 I h 1 4 12 11 :24 E. Jonea « |-J
43? Pare 11. 6 11l 2 14 It 11 1 2'i 11 T. Wtliti I 4
444 .T. m Calvert. 4 103 i 4$ 44 45 410 423 Spencer ] 3]
440 Inverary 11. 4 109 4 -'6 6 5 6 6 Helnson ...»«»■
Time— v 4i :tt%\ K. :52tf: %. l:15»i: mile. 1:45. Winner. Miller 4 Bliwr'i eh. c. by imp.
Brutus-Mlrope. Good start. Won nrat three driving.
Weight anchored Calvert. Meropa ran gamely. Dart likes a "catch" up. Tom Crom-
well backed up la« few yards. . ,
Scratched— Meadowlark 1(0. Flrat Call 107. _^__^
SJO SIXTH RACE-Flve and a half furlon»s; all a»e«; purs*. 1400.
Index. Horie. Age. "Weight. Bt. Km. Ha. %m. Sir. . Fin.. . Jockeys. Op. Cl!
441 Yellow Tail. I 10O* I ... 414 4 4 "1 h 1 m X. ' R05a....... Xl t
!W Southern Olrl. 2... . M 5 ... 2 4 lh 11 2! nan-h S «
.' (434) n»yiw, 6 107 1 ... 12 Ih 45 3* Vlttlto* ... 1-2 2-*
434 Yentnro. 3 » » ... U 114 I 4 4* Fhelan 10 20
3*B l*dy Helolse. 5.. ..102 4 ... « 62 51 SI Helnann I U 7J
' 411 Sifter Alice. 4 in] 4 ... 5 2 « « -6 Wwcln .... 33 00
Time— l-1«. :I<4: 7-16, :4J: S4f. 1:W». Winner. Foster * Hackett'a eh. c. by Imp.
Watercress-Imp. Pal inu. Good start. Won first three driving.
Yellow Tail went Into erhtaetes over the caliber of the mmi and the price. Southern
Girl ran a splendid race. Geyaer cut oft on bank stretch. Ventoro won't do.
Scratched- Silver Maid 111
FORD WROTE THE BOND.
Witness Springs a Surprise in the
Kelly Case.
A surprise, or It might b« termed an
unexpected Incident, occurred yester- |
day in the trial of Thomas A. Kel- f
ly. charged with having knowingly j
■ d a prisoner on a f'>re*-l
bond, when Joseph E. Ford. late
of the As*e9>B'>r's office, took the
Ptand and ewore that he filled out the
body of the bond that got Kelly Into
Jail at the Instance of Thomas E. Co»
frrove. or a person giving that name. He
said that Cosgrove gave him $2 50 for his
work. Hi- aluo paid that he had heard
that Congrove was dead and that hl« rea
s>on-» f,,r not testifying before the (irand .
Jury was that he did not think anything
would come of the charge against K-lly
His testimony was eagerly listened to by
J. N. E. Wilson and friends, as Carl Els
enschlmel. the handwriting expert, was
positive In his opinion that Wilson wrote
the bond.
R. P. Ashe. H. E. Vernon. James Bow
lln. Samuel Solomon and R. I. Whelan
were called yesterday and gave testimony
In the case, after which It was declared
closed and argument commenced. Assist
ant-District Attorney Black made th»
opening argument and will be followed to
day by Attorney Dibble, who represents
Kelly.
Plyl«T # a Third Trial B«t.
SANTA CRUZ. Dee. 11.— The third trial
of George F. Plyler for mayhem w»# to
day set for January 24.WAS UNABLE TO
SAIL TO MANILA
Garonne Blown From
Her Course.
LEFT SEATTLE WITH MULES
CAUGHT IX A STORM AND PUT
INTO HONOLULU.
Interr-sting Budp't of Information
Brotipht From the Islands
• in^ of Political
Trouble*.
HONOLULU. H. 1.. Dec. The trans
port Garonne, with mules on board, has
put Into port here nft< r attempting and
falling to reach Manila by the northern
routo from Seattle. The Garonne, like
the Port Stephens, encountered terrific
Unrms, and she was compelled to head
•outhward after losing eleven mules, nine
of tlum being killed by the storm. The
Garonne was seventeen days coming here
from Seattle. She will continue her jour
ney In a few «iays. The Port Su.phens
and Lennox nine already gone with
horses and mules.
The Hancock and City of Puebla ar
rived in good condition after weathering
very severe storms and left for Manila
on Sunday morning. The Duke of Fife,
fit. Paul. Ohio and Indiana are now In
port, taking coal.
The British bark County of Merioneth
has arrived h« re after a trip of IC4 days
from Liverpool and the Paul Isenberg has
reached port from Hamburg, about 190
days out. Anxiety was foil about both
vessels, which encountered fearful
weather at the Horn. The British bark
was tossed about for *!x weeks in the
vicinity of the Horn.
The Government has refused to grant
an extension of Its mall contract t>> the
i'riil. !i American Steamship Company of
Prattle <>n the ground that the company
has failed to kee;» its contract to have
v st'-amtT call hire every nimith.
Dr. I>. A. Maloney of the transport In
diana was fined II 1 *! and costs yesterday
rnorr.ing for reckless driving on the
Streets. While driving on Sondky he ran
h!s v« hiol«- into a ph.»eton. inflicting serl
ous damage.
'. here
Then was a
of the
■
■. im iudlng fo
■ ..■ m irmj i
;
• • i . ha* notified
i ■ ■ Attonw
■■ • ■
:.V tllf>
■
■
I
/* w ON Trie: r^^t^jS^^
Kidneys, Live^^^^
AND^WELS^B^k^Bb
EFFECTUALLY^ I- J HraiNMl
L-i I Lwl UMLLI J » Ml»ffifflffl|
OVERCOMES
Habitual perman ents^ \ /'I
H «^b^ b ■■■ ■ m -*m jp II iHMi m « 8 / MSB B % .» i\*'.'
•BV/yTH&QENVINE-MAN'FD-By
(AQRRIN IA JTG (^
a modification of the order, as the. situa- t
tion Is serious. This will not be done, I
however. There will be an appeal to
Congress next. . If the Grlggs order Is
not modified there Is likely to be much
costly litigation, as the issues Involved
are very large, and It is claimed that
President McKlnley's order continuing
Hawaiian laws in force except as they
conflict with American laws gave the
local government power to dispose of
lands in the manner now declared wrong
by the Attorney General.
Another conflict of political powers
growing out of the peculiar relations of
the Government of Hawaii and that at
th<s American capital has developed as a
result of the resignation of Minister of
Finance Damon President Dole named a
successor In accordance with apparent in
structions from Washington to fill such
vacancies. Now the report comes in
press dispatches that McKlnley will not
accept the resignation of Damon. T. F.
' l^anslng, the man who was appointed to
succeed Damon, Is filling the duties of
the Dei Meanwhile the citizens of
Hawaii ore waiting very anxiously for
' the meeting of Congress and hoping for
action to straighten out th»» strange com
plications In which they are involved and
to give the Islands a territorial form of
government. President McKlnley was
duly notllied of the appointment of I^ans
ing. and the notification Is now on the
way to Washington.
ALLEGED ACCOMPLICES
OF CAPTAIN CARTER
Federal Grand Jury at Savannah Re
turns Indictments Against
Five Persons.
SAVANNAH. Go., Dec. 11.— The Federal
Grand Jury has returned six Indictments
against persons charged with conspiring
against the Government In connection
with the work done in the Savannah har
bor. Among them Is O. M. Carter, already
condemned by court-martial. Others
named are D. H. Green, J. F. Gaynor, E.
H. Gaynor. W. T. Gnynor and M. A. Con
nally. According to the Indictments $071,
74 V» was M-cured by conspiracy.
WASHINGTON. Dec 11.—Representa
tive Degraf^nreid of Texas to-day Intro
duced a resolution reciting the conviction
of Captain O. M. Carter, U S. A., by mil
itary court-martial of having misapplied
$1,700,000 and his sentence to line and im
prisonment. It Is further recited that the
proceedings disclosed other parties or
xirms connected with this transaction and
that • ••>• had since received further Gov
ernment contracts. The resolution re
quests the Secretary of War and the At
torney General to transmit to the House
a full statement of steps taken to secure
the punishment of the parties concerned
with Carter in connection with the im
provement of Savannah harbor.
GAMBLERS TOLD TO QUIT.
Court Instructs Bakersfleld Sheriff,
Who Acts Very Promptly.
BAKERBFIKLD. Dee U Ji.dc- Ma
h-r lmp;i'i« !••. :. '', r . iri .i -Jury to-day. Dur
ing tb< to the b< <\y h.- turned
to Sheriff Horgwanlt and said:
<>n in Hnker*fieM in
a nhnmelese manner and If you don't or-
I will r.-p«>rt >.>u •
• Jury."
The Sheriff trw»k the court at his word
! the pnmblers to
KM why.
Will Repair Lightship 67.
POUT ANGELES. Wash.. Dec, 11.— The
lighthouse tender Manzanita arrived here
to-day with a full outfit of anchors and
cable' for the lightship No. 17, which his
been lying here since she was torn from
her moorings off Umatilla Reef. It will
possibly be a week before the lightship
will be In shape to resume her station.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1899.
FRUIT GROWERS
BEADY TO MEET
Gather for Annual State
Conveniion.
IMPORTANT WORK PLANNED
WILL TAKE UP THE SUBJECT
OF TRANSPORTATION.
Shippers Complain That the Advance
in Carloads by the Railroads
Works a Decided
Hardship.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Doc. —Fruit growers from
all over the State arrived In Ban Jose by
to-day's train to participate In the twen
ty-fourth annual State Fruit Grovers*
Convention, which convenes in the Uni
tarian church to-morrow morning. About
two hundred visitors are here to-night,
and matters relating to the tree and vine
industries are almost the sole topic of
conversation in the hotel corridors. The
convention will be under the auspices of
the Slate Board of Horticulture. Presi
dent Elwood Cooper will be in the chair.
The other members of the State board
who will take part in the convention are:
Frank H. Buck, vice president. Vacavllle.
Commissioner for the Napa district; Rum
D. Stephens, auditor, Sacramento, Com
missioner for the Stan- at large; Thomas
A Rice, El Rio, Commissioner for the
State at large; H. Weinstock. Sacra
mento. Commissioner for the Sacramento
district; Ben M. Maddox. Visalla. Com
missioner for the San Joaquin district;
A. Block. Santa Clara. Commissioner for
the San Francisco district.
Every section of California will be rep
resented. Besides those already here over
i two hundred more arc expected to-mor
, row morning, which will make a conven
tion of at least live hundred. Conditions
which have arisen during the past year
make organization among the growers Im
perative, and preat Interest has been
aroused unons the growers of declduoua
, and citrus fruits. A delegation of thirty,
headed by A. H. Naftzger. president of
the Southern California Fruit Exchange,
will represent Lot Angeles.
President Cooper's annual address to
morrow morning will include many sug
gestions as to organization. Some radical
changes are looked for.
The matter of transportation will be
, gone Into thoroughly. Los Angeles grow
ers. It is said, »ire going to lead the fight
against the railroad. The raising of car
load lots from 15,000 pounds to 26.000
pounds by the railroads has worked a
hardship "on the small growers. Besides,
it is h>M that the packing of fruit so
closely Is injurious in the long overland
' hauls necessary to reach the Eastern
markets. The big refrigerator cars are
built to hold 40.000 pounds, and many
growers fear the railroads will keep on
raising the size of loads until this will bo
made the limit.
The St i'<- Association of County Horti
cultural Commissioners met this evening
In the St. James Hotel Hall. K. M. El:r
horn of San .1 — presided in the absence
of President Hall of San Diego and Bee
retary H. P. Stabler of Yuba Cltv kept
the minutes. Twenty-seven counties were
represented. Officers of the State Horti
cultural Board and prominent growerß
were present. Professor N. W. Motheral.
Horticultural Commissioner of Kings
County, addressed the meeting on the ne
cessity rf guarding against the Introduc
tion of the Michigan disease known a* lit
tle peach. He read pome correspondence
from B. Waite, assistant pathologist In
the Department of Agriculture, regarding
peach leaves and root forwarded him by
the speaker. Some diseases of the sam
ples corresponded with the disease "little
root" and the Agricultural Departmf.it
asked that the disease be closely watched.
SHERIFF SHOT AND
KILLED BY ACCIDENT
Death of Charles Faneuf, an Officer
of Hawaii, Who Was Well
Known on This Coast.
BANTA CRUZ, Dec. tL— Word has been
received of the death at Honolulu of
Charles Kaneuf. whose mother resides at
Boquei Fnneuf was Sheriff of Clva Dis
trict, near Honolulu. In pursuit of his
duty It was necessary for him to arrest
several I'hlnamen. Their companions
swore vengeance and tried to liberate
them. For two days Faneuf and another
officer kept them at hay. after which
Faneuf lay down a while in the jaller"s
house He K"t to walking; In his sleep
h tansled op in a mosquito net
i tlnjr. The Jall<T s wife, hearing the noise.
' thoupht it was a ("hlniiman trying to as
saxsinate Faneuf. She called two men.
who were guarding the Jail. They
rushed In and one of them hit Fan<-uf
over the head with a gun. awakening him
He disclosed his identity, but too late, a*
the other guard, thinking Faneuf was a
i Chinaman, pulled the trigger, the hall
1 lodging in Faneuf's knee. It wa.s foun.l
necessary to amputate the knee, and he
died "ii November 22 from the effects.
I Deceased was a native of Newcastle.
Placer <'ounty, aged 31 years.
WINEMAKERS' CORPORATION
LOSES IMPORTANT SUIT
Judge Burnett of Santa Rosa Sus-
tains the Demurrer in the Case
of F. Schmidt.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 11. -Judge Rurn.-tt
handed down an opinion this afternoon
sustaining the demurrer In the InteresMrg
1 suit brought by the Wlnemakers* Corpo
■ ration against K. Schmidt. The o.,urt
! holds, among other things, that the plain
tiffs based their complaint upon the the
ory that the whole vintage was sold,
while in the court's opinion only one
tenth was disposed of. Also that while
, the plaintiffs say they were damaged by
' reason of the defendant's failure to trans
fer his wine, no evidence w.-is put In to
show that the wine could not have been
i obtained elsewhere.
DISCUSSED BIBLE
WITH THE JUDGE
Unusual Role Played by
a Murderer.
Bp^cinl Dlcpat.-h to Th* Call.
RAKERSKIELD. Dec. 11.— To-day when
Judm Malion was about to pronounce the
death sentence on Murderer ThUml Mo
lina he asked the customary question if
the prisoner had anything to say why
sentence should not be pronounced. Mo
lina's coM countenance lighted up and
with a smile he answered:
"Your Honor. I hoj>.- you will put the
date of the --xecution as far off as possi
ble."
"Why?" o/iestioned the court.
"I want time to ask for the forgiveness
of my Savior," was the prisoner's reply.
"What have you been doing foe the past
two years at Ban QuemUnT' queried the
Judge. Cot tinning he expressed a doubt
that there was any pardon in the heavenly
court for such a red-handed murderer.
"I don't bo understand by my reading of
my Bible."' politely retorted Molina a* he
drew nearer the Judge. "1 never sinned
against the Holy (Jhost. and as 1 read
that Is th.i only unpardonable sin. At any
r;it<* no one h;t.s returned from heaven or
hell to tell us different.
By this time Judge M;ihon saw that h«
was becoming enabsiraaslnito tangled in
a theological discussion and ho proceeded
to pronounce the solemn sentence, at the
conclusion of which Molina with all the
grace of a Spanish gentleman said;
"Thank you."
The date of his execution was fixed at
January 12. In 1X97 Molina murdered Joso
Ramos in cnid Mood. Ever since the ease
baa bnen tied up in the Supreme Court.
At the Jail some one said to Molina:
"It's about all up with you."
"No." was his reply. "I will never de
ppnir until the rope Is round my neck and
the black cap pulled down."
BRITISH WARSHIPS
VISIT MONTEREY
Citizens of the Historic City Turn
Out En Masse and Publicly En
tertain the Officers.
BfONTERKY. Dee. 11.— Two British
warships, the Warsprito, flagship of the
Pacific squadron, living the pennant of
Admiral L. A. Beaumont, and the train
ing- ship Phaeton, cam" into this port this
afternoon en route from Esquimau to
Bouth American waters. They wore
warmly welcomed by the townspeople.
As the ships entered the harbor the flajf
was run up on old I-'ort Halleck and was
saluted by the Union Jack on the flag
ship. The Kuns of the Warspiite boom
ea a national Falut< of twenty-one Runs,
Fort Halleck responding with her his
toHc cannon. A committee of citizens
then boarded the Iljißshlp. extending the
welcome of the City f Monterey to the
oftlcers and men of the ships. The ships
came here for mall and provisions and
will remain until to-morrow evening.
Large orders for all kinds of supplies
had been placed with the dealers here by
the British Consul ;it San Francisco in
anticipation of the eomlnp of the vessels,
and their visit will be very profitable to
this community. Admiral Beaumont and
his officers are being entertained to-night
by T. W. Cowan, a prominent member
of the Geographical Society of London,
now residing In Pacific Grove. To-mor
row the city will entertain them with a
trip around the famous cypress drive.
WARRING TONGS WILL
TRY ARBITRATION
Hop Sing and Su«y Sing Tongs of
Marysville Appoint a Peace
Commission.
MARYSVILLK. Dec. U.-At the re
quest of the Chinese Consul In San Fran
cisco four representatives of the big com
panies came to Marysvllle Sunday to act
hs a Mill commission, and as such has
ton the settlement (if the breach existing?
between the Hop Sin* an.i Buejr Sing
tongs. Of the four men. two are disin
terested parties, being members of ttc
See Yups.
To-day one of the commission was In
Chlco Investigating the origin of the
trouble. To-morrow the quartet will sit
In the council chambers and endeavor to
bring about a compromise satisfactory to
both of the warring sides.
DESIRE A QUARANTINE
AGAINST FRUIT PESTS
LOS ANOEL.ES. Dec. 11.— The Board of
County Supervisors to-day parsed a res
olution asking Congress to pass a law
which will prevent the shipment of all
nursery stock into the I'nlted States un
less a certificate accompanies the ship
ment stating that it has been Inspected
by some official of the country whence It
is shipped and is free from all fruit trie
pests. It ib also asked that the interstate
commerce laws be amended so that ship
ments of nursery stock from one Stat- ; to
another will be prohibited unless the
stock has been inspected and declared
free of lnfectlon.
MANDAMUS SUIT
AGAINST AUDITOR
San Rafael Boulevard
Is Concerned.
LABOR WARRANTS NOT PAID
COMMITTEE SEEKS TO HAVE
THE PAPERS SIGNED.
♦
Very Important Point Affecting the
Driveway Project Is to Be
Considered by the
Court.
Special Dlfpatch to The Call.
RAN RAFAKI., Dec. U.— Suit in man
damus was filed against Auditor X J
Connell to-day by Attorney E. M.-Martln
ellt to compel him to attach his signature
!<■ warrants for the payment of v>>rk on
the Tiburon boulevard. If tbfl Auditor '
is compelled to audit the warrants the
proponent! of the great county road will
have wnn a decisive victory and the suc
cess of the undertaking may be regarded
as an assured fact.
The Tiburon boulevard was begun seven
year* ago. When completed it will con
nect this city with Tiburon and in time
branch roads will take in Sausalito and
Mill Valley. Three years ago the Legis
lature became Interested in the project i
and gave permission to the Warden of i
San Quentin prison to permit the con- I
victs to labor on the boulevard. They
iii.w h.-ive the "marsh section" nearly
completed. It is admitted by experts that !
the boulevard will f<«rm. when completed,
one of the handsomest driveways in the
State.
Sections 4 and 5 were contracted for at
the last Session of the Supervisors, but
previously to that trouble had arisen over
the refusal of Auditor Council to audit
warrants for the payment of the work on
sections 1, 2 and 3 because the money was
to be appropriated from the general rond
fund an<l oof the district road fund. Jesse
• 'nlwell and l,unny £: Kedmond have as
t-lKn^l th«lr claims to the Buckman Con
tracting Company, who In turn have as
signed all claims to S. H. Cheda & Co..
the local bankers, Cheda &. Co. bring the
suit.
The payment for the work has largely
been a matter of private subscription.
Among the most earnest supporters of
the project have been President A. W.
Poster of the California Northwestern
Railway Company and Prison Director
James H. Wilklns.
EBELLSITE WILL
BE ACCEPTED
OAKLAND, Dec. 11. -While th©
ladles of the Ebell Society
have been collecting money
for the Pite for the library no
thought ha« been given as to
whether the Council would accept
the site If offered. A canvass of
the City Council made this even
inn shows that all of the Council
m»-n favor the site offered by the
billies except Councilman Schaffer,
who is opposed to the site; Coun
cilman Rowe. who pays compli
ments to the ladies, but who
doesn't like the site; Councilman
M<>tt. who ri'.f us. s to state hla
views, and Councilman Kramm.
who could not be found. A can
\.iss of the Council resulted as fol
io Kb:
K. K. Mott. First Ward— l can
not announce my vote until the
proper time arrives.
F. R. Girard, Second Ward— l
always supposed that the Council,
with ;i few exceptions, was In fa
tnr ol the site mentioned. I cer
tainU want to see the proposition
go through h'.k cessfully.
M. W. Upton, Third Ward— l
most certainly favor the sltf men
tioned. 1 don't sf-e how we can
do better tlian stand by the Ebell
ladles in thi^ matt.r.
Edwin ftfeese, Fourth Ward— You
can say that I am In favor of the
site ■elected by the ladles.
Felton Taylor. Fifth Ward— lf
the ladies raise that $2«i.r«w the li
brary will probably be located
there, but I can hardly say that
It Is the best site available.
Louis Schaffer. Sixth Ward— You
know 1 am opposed to that site. j.
ii.r.-.- already Riven my rMinm
H. I> Rowe, Seventh Ward-
While the ladies are actuated by
the best motives, I hardly think
that the location Is the best to be
found.
George R. Stetson, at large — \i
certainly favor the stte selected by
the ladies of the Ebell. I under
stand It R5 a duty we now owe to
stand by the ladles. If we meant
otherwise we should have stopped
them and raised our objections be
fore this.
Ansor. Barstow. at large — Of
course I favor the site. I>o you
consider me such a fool as to fly
In the faces of 400 women?
1 : C. Cuvelller. at large — I cer
tainly am in favor of the Grove
str'wt site. The Kbell ladles have
worked hard and deserve to suc
ceed in their worthy efforts.
PANAMA RATES LOWERED.
Pacific Mail Makes a Reduction in
Its New York Fares.
Beginning with the next irip of the
San Jose <>n the IMh of this month the
Pacific Mall Company «'W make a reduc
tion of fares to Now York and to Pan
ama. The present fares, as they now
stand are M2"t for a main deck e.ibln pass
nj:e arid JI2C for an upper deck I nssage to
Now York These rates will bo reduced
SIS each. making the fare $105 and $110. re-
BDCCtlveiy. Th- steerage passage will be
reduced from $.">0 to $40. The far* to Pan
ama now stands at $115 cabin and $..7 GO
steerage. This will be cut down to $lIW
and $50.
The reason for this reduction, so nay
the Pacific Mall officials, is simply to in
crease the travel by water and to at
tempt to adjust the rates to the best In
terests of the company considered from
a commercial standpoint. Competition,
they say. has nothing to do with It. for the
reason that at present no competition tx-
Ists.
For the Children's Hospital.
There was a pood attendance at IS Post
street yesterday, where the sale of the
Little Fig Tree series for the benefit of
the Young Ladles' Auxiliary of the Chil
dren's Hospital took place. The sale was
In one of the corners of the florist shop
of the Misses Worn at the above
place,- where the following young ladles
were In attendance: Miss Hopkins, Miss
Edna Hopkins. Miss Thomas, Miss Helen
Thomas, Miss Carolan, Miss Ucnev'evo
Carolan, Miss Hates. Miss Gertrude Bates.
Miss Morgan. Miss Therese Morgan, Miss
Crockett. Miss Smedberg, Miss Mcßean.
Miss Follls, Miss Cadwajader, Miss »lol
brook, Miss Houghton. Miss Drown, Miss
Field. Miss Bertha Smith.
The young ladles visit the hospital,
amuse the children, sew and help to swell
the funds.
Anniversary Banquet.
Lincoln Lodge No. 2, Friend* of the For
est, celebrated Its third anniversary last
night. In the Odd Fellows' building, by a
social and banquet. There were present
nearly all the members of the lodge and
all of the supreme officers. After dancing
fur two hours the members and their
guest* partook of an excellent supper,
which had been prepared under direction
of the special committee, consisting of A.
Craig, Charles Lnndln, William Dalzell,
Jules Oetz. Mrs. Trennell. Mrs. Hurlin
game and Mrs. Blackall. After the suppei
had been discussed there were congratu
latory addresses by Supreme President
Mrs Raymond. Past Supreme President
Mrs McLane. President Mrs. Tryon and
others, after which dancing was resumed
until a late hour. During the evening
Miss Vlra Mayer favored with ballads.
THE EMPOBIUM.
Open Evenings.
Charming Display
OF
Holiday Furs.
Are you going: to make your! Fine Fur Neckwear.
wife or daughter a Christmas gift
of Fur? If it's a Sealskin Jacket,. Cl | a t d i^ Mirten CurT<Hl B<n - h l' J°J
Why not let us save you $25 or Canad an Mart-n H«-..,U Boa 2 ht»d>
$50, or a proportionate amount and 8 nits $3.50 aod $4.00
on any other Fur garment that Ba - v Opossum c :,-. Boa, hesi»ml "
you may desire? Our Holiday as- -Jl''","J 1 ''","; 1 P •••—;••••••—• $3.00
'-A \ e »ir-v" . •* i . B * st quVity (.inadi.-n Mirten Hor«es*io-
sortment from the best makers in Boa. 2 heads »nd 8 Mil, $7 SO
the world consists of Capes, Col- Alaska Mink Cn*ved Boa. heal "l B
larettes, Neckwear and all sorts ; tiil< $8.50
of Rues Choice anality of Canadian Marten Horse-
,,„',,, „•;.■*•.. . -. . "ho- Boa. 2 heads and I tails. ss*c>!
AlasKa Sea Jacket, 24 inches Ion?, mad- f or this day only $2 .50
in the test manner an -I the vt-
latest style $150. '
_ Children's Fur Sets
... . . Lynx Hir*. 75c— Whit* Arctic Hare.
Novelty Fur Canes. $lo ° Fr * Ermine, ii.™ to
nn- r T^f $3.00-White Angon. $1.50 to
•--,- Baltic Seal.with $3.50-Brown or Grsr Angora,
\^J/ yoke and un- $2.00-White Thibet. $3.00. '
>v^T? dereollar of
J^S2 Astrachm, 2 ■ * II
<5L^/») heads an 1 4 a » mM _.
tails in front: NOVClty Fur
/^WmS .14. 14 5 c / 0:95 Collarettes.
t^ fa ■■ U ' u\\\ 16 ' nch Baltic Real, tab an) 8 tail> $5.00
«»iv> - -ff ™ lr^ -$12.45 Bi-tic Seal an i Bark A-tr in $5.^0
' \&kf*^ L ~-l<~^ Choice Baltic Biltic Sell ani Gri| y Asfa<*»<an $5.50
. S-al C3pe, Eiectric and Brown M-uflon.^7«sO
r^ with star A<- Electric S-a', with tah<, c Dtl nn<l r*-
trachan yoke T*re^ of Canadiai Marten... $3 4.5
and und-rcoMir; tails all aronnd: Gray M'.ufion. yoke, underollar an ' t«^
14-inch-5/3.€10 lOinch-jg/4.00 of Gray Astrachm $10.03
18-mch $15.00 Canadian Mirte% with yoke, unlerc. lhr
Marmot Cape, looks a met like Mink, an! tabs of E ectric fell $12.51
n.ffl> around bottom: ectric S?»l, with star >-..'«.» and uad-r-
14-inch $17.50 l*Unrh-$20.00 collar of Astrachan, 2 head* and 4
18-inch $22.50 fails in front $15.00
Beit quality 0 Electric Seal Cap*, with Bl ck Marten and Eectric Bi I ...
star yoke and underco'hr of Persian $21.00
lamb, tails around, like p:ctur\ special Genuine Black Mirten:
"he at $21.65 10-inch.. 525. 00 ■- ■ $30.00
ra the EMPORiijysr^
in tin boxei wouieiilCule Bazaar. Or ..-„,,.„ tA
for .hlrm-nt. CALIFORNIA S LaRQEST-AMERICA 5 GRANDEST STORE. , hl< "",
MURDER DONE
OVER A WOMAN
Valvlsta the Scene of
the Crime.
MURDERER BUT NINETEEN
JEALOUSY BETWEEN TWO
YOUNG MEN THE CAUSE.
Father of the Dead Boy. In His Grief,
Seeks to Wreak Summary
Vengeance on the
Slayer.
Special Pl»patrh to The Tall.
PAN JACINTO, Cal. Deo. 11— T^te
Sunday afternoon the little hamlet of Val
vlsta. fix miles ea«t of Ban Jaclnto. was
stlried to Its foundation hy the Khnntlnff
t.i ri>-ath of George Warner, a younu man
7T- years of age. by Vernori Shears of the
same pla<e. and who Is only 19 years old.
As usual, there was a woman In the rase.
According to an ey.- witness young Shears
attackeil Warner with a loaded black
s<nake, knocking him down twice, when
Fhtars pulled a repeating; rifle from his
vagon, and taking careful aim. shot his
assailant through the heart, killing him
instantly.
When the father and the brothers of
the dead man arrived on the scene the
f.nmer was craxed by the sight of his
dead boy, who lay on hu back In tho
back yard of the hotel. The father rushed
at the murderer with a wa*:on neck yoke,
but was stopped by bystanders. It took
the combined fore«- of three strong men
to prevent the Infuriated father from
killing the slayer of his son.
In the meantime one of the brothers of
the deceased procured a gun. and had he>
not been seen In time there certainly
would have been another killing.
The trouble Is not yet over The ver
dict of the Coroner's Jury was that de
ceased came to his death by a gunshot
wound fired by Vernori Sh-nrs. The pre
liminary examination will he held Tues
day before Justice Vawler in San Jaclnto.
JOHN THOMPSON IS
SHOT DEAD IN UKIAH
UKIAH. Cal., Dec. 11.— James Jamison,
who resides seven miles north of this city,
shot and killed John Thompson last night.
The men had quarreled over stock. Jami
son surrendered himself and claims he
shot In self-defens«.
MYSTERIOUS SHOOTING
OCCURS AT CARLIN
EI.KO. Nov., Dec. 11.— On July 22 last
a Portuguese cook known as Ton«y
stabbed J. W« Puett. landlord of the <Jem
Hotel at Carlln. Puett lay at the point
of death for several days, but recovered.
The Grand Jury refused to Indict Ton*y
and he was released on December 6. I-ast
Sunday at about 2 o'clock p. m. Toney
was walking aloiiK the street In J""rlm
with a friend. A shot was flred. Toney
run ten feet and fell, exclaiming. "I'm
phot " The shot entered the right shoul
der near the median line and came out
near the right nipple. Dr Hood fr. m
Flko was ff>ur hours in reaching the pa
tient. He Is In a very dangerous comil
"ro'nstable George Mclntosh arrested
Mr an<l Mrs. Purtt. who live near by.
and took them with their little girl to
Klko. Mrs. Puett did not deny ihe
shooting. _
DEPOSITORS WILL RECOVER.
Important Decree Bendered in Union
Savings Bank Suit.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 11.— Three BUltn. In
each of which a lar*r number of depcni
tors of the Union Savings Bank Joined
npalnst the shareholders of the Institu
tion, was decided to-day. It was *e*n
sump days ago that the court would grant
fleciWM in favor of the depositors, but
the formal Judgment was not made until
to-day.
The decree Is for 1416.495 SR and costs.
These depositors will get their money, ;i s
they have ample property under attach
ment to pay It.
Loyal "kebekahs.
The open meeting of Loyal Rebekah
Lodge In the banquet hall of the Odd
Fellows' bulldlnj? last night wan In the
nature of an entertainment and dance,
got up as a complimentary affair to the
many friends of this very popular lo<lr*»
It was Rot up by the "all us girls" of the
organization ■ and • was a grand suoccas
THE EMPORIUM.
Thamm who eoatribvtad to the enjoyment
F.tl t fc ll^" SJ th# * «m Mr*.
Klv "'VW'V I**1 ** Il " rtha Flofl<%n - EL H.
■
i ox an'l Ml
Baron Penzance Dead.
LONDON, »
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No Incurable
Cases Taken by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
No Money
Required
Till Cure
Is Made by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
No Injurious
Medicines
Are Used by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
No Charge for
Remedies or
Applances
Is Ma.l- by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Lost Manhood,
Private Diseases
Permanently ,
Cured by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Thousands
of Men
Restored
at Home by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Private Rook
Sent Free by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
The Great
Medical
Institution of
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Has Ueen
Established
Nineteen Years.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Are the Only
Specialists on
the Pacific Coast
Who Cure
Disease and
Weakness of
MEN EXCLUSIVELY.
Office Hours:
8 to 5 Dally,
7 to 8 Evening*.
•» to 11 Sundays.
Elevator Entrance.
731 MARKET ST., S. F.
I SPECIAL HOLIDAY lot
1 REDUCTION pf
%In Tailor- Made Suits |9rjji—
— and Overcoats Xfj f-
i for 30 Days! Vl—
— Sock Suits ore now. sls 50 I l|r—
•7 Frock Suits 22.50 I l\v»,
~ Tlnc« Albert Suit*. 25 00 I / | ;.;
_ ull Suit* '0 00 -./ I—
* Overcoats 2000 .•A ■£
~T. Pants 4- 0 BH
% jon poheim, M i
TMf TAILO*. Ul
.-:- 1119-1113 Mnrk't St.. 3 F. WM _^_
T Wl-103 v •■• St.. 8. F. Ml 
i. l-ll Washington St. "■kd §j^0 J~
~]\ >.| i i.i N.i. i iTTf
56
TUESDAY DECEMBER 12. 1899
JOHN D. RECKELS. Proprietor.
Address AH Ccmmunicitions to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
ri°UL.ICATIO\ .•►•• hi... nn<l Third. S. F.
I rl. phoae Sin In UH.
r.IM IOHI M noOMS 217 to Btl Sterrnson SI.
Trlrphonr Main 1574.
DriUcrrd 1«» furrier*. 15 <>ni« Per W>rk.
Mtißlr < opl*>«. r. Out*.
Term* by Mull. Inrlndlnir riKtncri
mil.V CALL <it><. lit dins ««uu.ln>). nor vrnr..?O.'>n
DAILY CAIX 11111111.1 nic snndnji. 1; muntli*. . BjM
1)»II.\ CALL 1 •■■< likliiir -uii.lny >. 3 uiontba . . 1..*.« i
DAILY « 41.1- n>- vjn C l<- Month •«•
»l Mm CALL t»n«- Vrnr l- r '°
WXKKLY CALL Oar War 1- IK)
All i.o«nnn«irr« arc authorized to receive
• ut> script lon*,
feantple copies ■rtti be forviardcd when re«oe»ted
■ »—.a— ,(i, (i 1,, , : OOS Broadway
C. GEOnGH ItKOGXESS.
Minacrr Forelsu \«l \rM i«lnir. Marqarlte Bolld
lnj;. Chicago.
XEW 1 (illh HSI*HBBCTTATITBi
I>CRRY IX'SQBSkI JR »» Trlbane Oalldlns
CHICAGO HI - STAXDSi
l>hrrraa* llon«r; I*. O. >r«i Co.i Great .North
ern • t .. .1. Kriru.int llooaei Audltorlnm Hotel.
AMUSEMENTS.
CVi hewn — Ytu3ert!l«.
Orpheutn— ln at i oi th« Charity Fund of tbe Associated
rbmtrical Maaac^ra. Thumfiay afternoon. December 14.
OMumM*— "Th« L!on'a Mouth."
CaJlforala— "The Fatal Card."
Tivoli— "Tar and Tartar."
<iri.nl < '»•«-» aaaa* "The Chlaei of Ncrmaody.**
Akajtar— ••Mothrr rarth."
Alharr.bra— Oeorrta Mtnrtrela.
Cbutra. Zoo n:id Tbeatrr— Vatid* «n:« every afternoon aad
Tver.lng.
Olycip*.a. corner Mum and EIHa »trret»— Speclaltlea.
C«-i.t Park— EtM-plcctase ai.i Coney Island.
Panorama Wait)* of Manila Bay. Market vtreet. near
Ejrhth.
Wt^itrrr Tcrf'Arpnrlatlnn. San JiTateo County— Racea.
AUCTION SALES.
n> TTm. O. lA>-nr— Thurnflay ev<»n:nr. December H. at 7:«
•(■'clock. Thorou»hbr»d Yearllnirn. at T*l Howard »tr»et.
THE ROSSER CASE.
II vindication of justice that the courts
of this city have at last succeeded in convicting a
nepro soldier of an attempt at murder. Just before
this conviction a white lieutenant had without cause
fired on a peaceable citiren, and that another murder
was not committed was not the fault of the wretch
in uniform, who was promptly discharged, though
his offense was far more heinous than that of the
CCgro. These lent*, taken in connection with the
acquittal of Rosscr, are far from placing our admin
i tn.tion of law and order in a favorable light before
the country- Rosier should have been convicted and
hanged. There was nothing in his record to show
that he was any more than i degraded pervert, on
whom education had produced no humanizing im
pression. Sympathy for his parents and family was as
much their due before his crime as after. The trial \ras
a lachrymose farce, in which a sworn jury forgot its
oath and it< duty to society, and took upon itself a
f-harc of the blood guilt of Rosscr's second crime
just committed in Kew York. The verdict of ac
quittal was as great an insult to the proper military
fpirit of the army as it was a menace to the safety of
people in civil life. It is done and cannot be re
called, but it put the mark of Cain upon the jury
system of this city and fixed upon the legal profes
sion an odium which it should be anxious to avoid.
The murder of Hildebrand was without a single
palliating circumstance. The claim of the assassin
that his liquor had been drugged wa«t without the
slightest proof. He had imbibed the idea from the
;i?sault made by men of his regiment upon the in
offensive and defenseless negro clam digger, which
had recently occurred, that his uniform protected
him in the commission of any outrage upon a citizen.
This i(!ea was reflected in his boast, made in the
presence of the dead body of his victim, "1 killed
Vim like a gentleman and a soldier, sir!"
The retention of his murderous instinct and it* out
break in New York should admonish our courts to
a more positive tone in the charging of juries. It is
rot yet a settled principle of law that drunkenness
is an excuse for murder and a proper reason for the
acquittal of an assassin. The Rosser jury did its
despicable worst to jo settle it, but it it were so set
tled any wretch who nurses murder in his heart has
only to gorge himself with liquor to commit that
crime with impunity.
• the «hortcomings in the r.d
er*« ca«e here will be
oundrel's prompt punishment by
wry Tb.at his latent victim may sur
tbc hope of every sane-minded person.
in may. in any event, get the ex
■ -" ■ kbe the -Tiuffing out of
1 •'"■ ' ' • mnent that will ad
fOOd nca will expect.
THE RECIPROCITY TREATIES.
PROTESTS made by Californians against the
reciprocity treaties with France and with Ja
maica, now pending in the Senate for ratifica
tion, may not have the effect of defeating the treaties;
but they will have that of showing the injustice
done the State, and may thereby serve to prevent fur
ther injustice in making treaties with other countries.
In the very nature of things a reciprocity treaty
with France, or with any other country that exports
fruit*, wines and nuts, must be more or less injurious
to California, since it can hardly do otherwise than
admit the rxporters of those countries to something
like a free competition with the California producers.
That being so, the State Department should be very
careful not to carry such treaties too :»r or to grant
too many concessions. It is not fair that California
should be sacrificed to the advantage of the East. .It
will in the end be more bend to the Eastern peo
ple to build up the wine, oil. nut and raisin industry
here than to get an insecure market abroad by pur
chasing it at the price of ruin to California's rural in
dustries. ; '"'
In • artth thr California dekgation on the
ispr X? c «on. who arranged the
fared -m that bf PedSKMg the duty on citrus
.'0 per cent thl I ■ be BO competition surii
r the price received for the citrus fruits
mi country: he a'so maintained that the re
| • | duties on French wines and oil *O«ld n,,t
;;ornia wine and oil. Tlie theory of Com
r Ka^on. we have no doubt, can be main-
IsJhwdvil 'ry brilliant artrunient. The Corn
mi .ncr, however, has not given concessions on
any article* that would compete with the products of
wa, and we would have preferred
I the protection given to lowa to the
Ti*ks of liv ficcujiac. reciprocity, at our expense*
FRYE ON THE PHILIPPINES.
P'NATOR FRYE has long been prominent on
the Senate Committee on Commerce and is re-
Karded as a standard American authority on
commercial questions. He has been regarded from
the beginning as a stanch imperialist, and therefore
• interview on the Philippines will cati'-e
tome rarpnse
He is reported as saying that the Republican party
pcopaiCi certain policies in the Philippines, among
which are good government and decent wages, and
an effort K> arouse in the natives the ambition to be
• good citizens. This latter proposition reminds
one of Rob Roy's reception of Bailie Nicol Jarvie's
c to the Highlander to give his sons an educa
tion.
Standards of life arc racial standards. Good citi
zenship may mean a far different thing to a Filipino
and a native of Maine.
The Senator adds that possibly the Filipinos may
become fit to establish ■ republican, stable and strong
government, able to preserve order and peace, pro
ted life and property and observe their international
Obligation*, and that possibly, "when that time ar
rives," we, being the sole judges, might surrender to
them the sovereignty, reserving to ourselves naval
and coaling stations.
The Senator adds to this qualified promise that he
personally would never surrender the sovereignty to
any people, within the islands or without.
The first clauses of his interview hold a hope that
i« snatched away by this last qualification.
Americans who believe in their institutions would
be delighted if this country should become the ac
tive agent in the founding of an Asiatic republic in
thote islands. Asian countries have long been gov
erned by absolutism and the strong hand. Their sub
jection to Occidental conquerors has not change!
their condition in that respect. This republic has
long been known to them as the world's best expo
ncnt of self-government. The name of Washington
, is known throughout the Orient and is respected M
that of the founder of self-government on this con
nt Bat the Filipinos are the first Asiatics to
enter into that enlightened condition in which they
have been fired by Washington's example. Senator
l'rye shows an uneasy conscience in the first part of
his interview and appears to feel in considerable
I strength the impulse of Republican principles. He
admit! that those people may become capable of ad
ministering independent government under repub
lican form*, but declare* that, even if they do, he
personally «HH oppose permitting them to enjoy
>r which they prove themselves fitted! This is
a vital inconsistency. He dues not, as a counter
proposition, express his intention to admit them as
citirens of this republic, panoplied in statehood an 1
i sharers of « -tir birthright of self-government, subject
to the constitution. Tin* means that when they prove
then: ; -.ble of soli-government they are not
to have it. either under a polity of their own or as
tizeni of the United States.
Any one will see at once the afflictions of such a
litkm. Tn their admission to full citizenship in
the United States our people will feel grave objec
tions. A republic to endure and fulfill its function
• have racial homogeneity. No art nor education
can .i»«i:nilate and abolish racial differences of char
acter. The strength spent in the effort is an economic
waste. Therefore it is the tact that if we do not
cherish, a- our ultimate purpose, the final indepen
; dence of the Philippines, on the line of our example
and under the shield <•! our friendship, we must bold
I them as a subject people, the spoil of our bow and
, spear. What the result will be can be foreseen in
( the recent r.priMnp in NVpros. The President's mes
sace dwells at length upon the happy conditions in
that i«!and. Its people were represented as joyfully
accepting our "■ovcn.-itfnty and flattered by coning
! under our jurisdiction. But as soon a« military rigi
j lanre over them was rehxed, and almost before the
President's words were in type, they rose and slaugh
< tered the only white man they could get at. a valuable
i and devoted army officer. There is every reason to
, believe that had a considerable number of American i
in civil life been among them they would all have
shared the fate of the luckless lieutenant who fell.
It i« an expectation not based in human nature that
' we are to woo their friendship by doing for them
those things which they aspire to do for themselves.
Nebraska harbors a murderer who is perhaps the
mocf considerate on record. In deference to Thanks
giving day and in respon«e to an earnest pleading
he postponed a double assassination to the following
day.
BRITISH MANUFACTURING PROB
LEMS.
REPORTS for November con
l tains in a report from Rufus Fleming, United
State? Consul at Edinburgh, one of the most
interesting contributions yet made to the discussion
of manufacturing problems in Great Britain. It re
veals some of the causes of the decline in British in
dttstriei and the difficulties which stand in the way
ct improvement.
In the firi-t place British machinery is now far be
low the grade of efficiency reached by machines ttsri
in this country. As an illustration of this the case is
cited of a rope manufacturing company which re
cently made a test of an American machine in thei.
factory. The company, it is said, had four British
1 machines for preparing manila fiber for rope-making
The combined daily output of these machines did
not exceed three and a half tons, and each required
peratives. An American machine was intro
duced, costing $1000, about the price of the British
machines. It is worked by two operatives of the
same cta«>s and receiving the same pay as those work
, ing the British machines, but it turns out four tons
of the product a day, and if run at full speed could
make an output of five tons. Moreover, the product
1 of the American machine is of better quality than that
from the British. Here, then, is a gain of time, la
bor, wages and quality of product for the American
machine, and it is clear the British machinery can
not stand against such competition.
On that showing it would seem the British would
everywhere hasten to adopt the improved machinery
tad that <.ur machine-making establishments would
be rushed with British order?. It appears, however
there is a lion in the path. The British workman is
essentially conservative and he stands in antagonism
to the introduction of machinery that will result in
diminishing the number of men employed in any
particular industry. The British, it must be borne
in mind, have no wide field for the expansion of their
commerce just at this time, and any large increase in
the output of their manufactured goods would find
BO market. The extensive use of improved machin
ery would therefore mean the discharge of a con-
I.lc number of men, and should that be under
taken there would be a strike.
The Consul quotes a British engineer as saying:
"If the majority of skilled working people in the
United Kingdom do not abate their hostility to im
proved machinery and take the chances of a readjust
THE FAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1899.
ment of the mass of labor to the new mechanical
facilities by emigration or otherwise there is trouble
ahead, the consequences of which no man can meas
ure. The engineers' strike, which came toy an end in
1898, threatened the entire fabric of British industries
by shaking the confidence of the world and of our
own people in their productive power. Another
such experience would be disastrous beyond all cal
culation. Our manufacturers have to face that pos
sibility. I do not put it as a probability, because 1
am not a pessimist and prefer to look at the bright
side. It were useless, however, to blink the fact that
in the industrial revolution now going on, brought
about chiefly by American competition, there lurks
a grave peril."
It is indeed a dire dilemma that confronts the Brit
ish manufacturer and workingman. It appears
economic forces are already in operation which tend
to break down the fabric of the mighty empire which
until recently completely dominated the industrial
and commercial world. Great Britain can keep on
equal terms with all rivals in the machinery' of armies
and n.ivies, but it will not be so easy to withstand the
machines of peaceful industry that are beating her in
the markets of commerce.
Captain Carter, the convicted army officer who is re
sisting the sentence of his judges, must think that he
can be as extravagant with his own time as he was
with other people's money. He would be wise to be
gin the payment of a debt that can't be evaded.
I—;I — ; ROM an artistic point of view the edition of
The Call to be issued next Sunday will be by far
the most attractive and the most interesting
ever sent forth from the office of a Pacific Coast
newspaper. No expense of time, energy or money
has been spared to render the number beyond the
reach of rivalry, and its appearance will mark the
beginning of a new era in journalistic art in Cali
fornia.
The illuminated covers have been designed by
artists of the first rank and will be examples of the
best work that lithography can do in the way of
reproducing colors without exaggerating or losing
any of the most delicate tones and values of the
original. The contents of the number will be in
rnrmony with the exquisite finish of the covers.
There will be nothing freaky, gaudy or sensational,
but all will be bright, entertaining and fitted for the
holiday season in the homes of cultured families.
Mark Twain contributes to the number ■ delight
fully droll account of "My First Lie, and How I Got
Out of It." Ouida, whose name and whose .vritings
have long been familiar to the lovers of romance, has
a story of "A Faithful Servant" which will add to her
reputation as a writer of short stories of dramatic
intensity. "The Record of My Wander-Year." by
Key. Peter C. Yorke, will be found instructive as
well as entertaining, while the description given of
"Christmas in California Before the Gringo Came,"
by Major Jose Ramon Pico, will have for all read
ers an historic as well as a romantic interest by rea
son of the fact that it deals with a condition of life
which has long since passed away, but the memory
of which will be perpetuated from generation to
generation in Californian song and story.
Among the other literary features are to be a par
ticularly bright array of Christmas stories and de
scriptive articles, including "Christmas of the Vete
rans," "Christmas at the Farallones," "The Fugi
tive's Christmas," "Christmas at Manila," "The Story
of a Haunted House," "The Kiss of Ninito Dios" and
"Found in the Snow," by Mary E. Wilkins.
To all who are in doubt what sort of gift to provide
for the CTiristmas season this edition of The Call will
be invaluable, for in its columns will be found ad
vertisements setting forth all manner of attractive
novelties or useful gifts and telling exactly where to
obtain them. These features of the paper will not be
the least interesting of its many attractions to the
general public. It will be, in fact, a species of guide
to the rich storehouses of Santa Claus in the city and
can be studied with advantage and profit by all.
The shocking suicide of a crazed patient at the
Receiving Hospital is another indication that death
is a welcome visitor to the institution. It is small
wonder that the doors are barred to a scrutinizing
public.
THE MUNICIPALITIES CONVENTION
OUT of the convention of Californian municipah
tw - which is to assemble in this city during
the week there ought to come something more
than discussion, though even that is likely to prove
beneficial. On this coast we have lagged far behind
the East in considering municipal problems and in
devising means of municipal progress. It is no dis
credit to us that it should be so, for improvement in
communities, like improvement in individuals, is de
pendent largely upon the existence of evils that force
the improvement to be undertaken. Most Californian
cities arc comparatively young and have not reached
the period of development which marks those of the
East that have been most enterprising in the path of
progress.
While we have not felt the necessity for muni
cipal progress that has been noted in older communi
ties, it would none the less be wise for us to profit by
their experience and adopt improved methods of
municipal administration before we feel the worse
effects of the evils from which they are now trying
to escape. For that reason everything in the form
of earnest discussion by men who have practical con
trol of municipal matters is to be commended. Much
of the talk may be idle, but where serious men meet
to consider practical problems there is very sure to
b« much of mutual benefit from the exchange of
opinions.
Every municipality in the State is to some extent
seeking to improve its conditions and solve some of
the difficulties that attend the administration of citie-=.
The officials of each have therefore acquired by ex
perience something of administrative wi-dom from
which others can learn. Moreover, there is much
to be attained in the way of organizing for united
work to bring about reforms or amendments in State
laws affecting cities which have been found to be un
wisely devised. For all these reasons that portion of
the people who have a proper regard for municipal
isfties will watch with no little interest the proceed
ings of the convention. The programme of discr.s
sicn has been well arranged, and the meeting wil!
doubtle<£ prove profitable in many ways.
A local sneakthiel who has escaped punishment
after being arrested twenty-eight times wants to be
adjudged insane. He probably thinks that the au
thorities are as good judges of sanity as they are of
justice.
Carl Becker, the prince of forgers, hns at last found
an occupation commensurate with his ability and
perfectly safe to the community. He is writing
jouvenir programmes at San Qucntin prison.
THE NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
ARE THEY WORTH THE PRICE?
IMPROVEMENT CLUBS
WORKING FOR SUCCESS
Thank The Call for Its Encouragement and Declare They Are Banded
Together for Victory.
Editor The Call — Dear Sir: We thank you sincerely for
your extensive report of our Monday night's meeting.
We also desire to express our sincere appreciation for your
encouraging editorial in this morning's issue and shall endeavor
to fulfill the "promise to achieve great results for the public
good" so we may always have with us the "sentiment of the
whole progressive community."
As you well state, the various improvement clubs have ac
complished many notable successes in their special line of work,
and now that they are banded together we shall surely be victor
ious, especially if, as you so justly exhort, "even' progressive cit
izen will join in the work to make success certain.'' Yours truly
PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS CENTRAL CLUB OF CIVIC
ASSOCIATIONS.
A. SBARORO, President.
NAPH B. GREENSFELDER, Vice President
GUSTAVE SCHNEE, Secretary.
San Francisco, December 6, 1899.
PANIC IN THE
SAN FRAN CISCO
GAS MONOPOLY
Wages Cut and Em
ployes Discharged.
RETRENCHMENT NECESSARY
The San Francisco Gnu Light Compaq-
Is having troubles of Its own. First the
Mayor succeeded in having the rate re
duced from Jl 75 to $1 50 per thousand,
which was something of a calamity In lt
s"lf, viewed from the standpoint of the
stockholders In the concern, and then a
and powerful opposition sprung up
which will soon enter the field, heretofore
the almost exclusive property of the Gaa
Light Company, with unlimited financial
backing to push It forward and the best
business brains In the community to di
rect Its course.
The Gas Light Company might have
been able to stand the reduction on its
charges, but the competition of the Inde
pendent Electric Light and Power Com
pany promises to give the older concern
a run for its patronage which will tax
its financial strength to the upmost and
the directors of the Gas Light Company
have already decided to prepare for the
struggle. With characteristic selfishness
they nave decided to put tho tlrst burden
of retrenchment on tho shoulders least
able to bear It and have started a cut in
the salaries of the employes, which has
reduced the remuneration of those poor
unfortunates about one-half.
At the last meeting of the board of di
rectors the subject of retrenchment came
up and It was decided that, owing to the
recent reduction In the charges and the
powerful competition. the company would
soon be called upon to meet, something
should be done to reduce the running ex
penses of the corporation. 'Many plans
were discussed, but the one of reducing
the salaries of the various employes found
the most favor and was finally adopted.
Consequent upon this action of the
board the salary of the president. Joseph
B. Crockett, was sliced from $15,000 a year
to, report says, the sum of $7300, and fol
lowing him each employe of the company
was Informed that hereafter he would
be expected to do his work at about one
half the figure he had previously received.
, The men to whom this reduction applied
■were the lucky ones, who because or the
importance of their positions or for other
reasons were considered valuable enough
to retain.
The smaller fry. those who had no dig
nity of position or power of pull to plead
for them, lost their heads" entirely. They
•were Informed that their services. were no
longer required, and the consequence Is
that a number of men who imagined that'
they had secure places are now walking
nrountl looking for something to do.
When seen yesterday Mr. Crockett and
some of the directors admitted that a
great reduction of salaries had taken
place, but the exact sizes of the pieces that
had been sliced off they would not say
The report of 'the street, however, gives
one-half as the correct amount.
Mr. Crockett said the step had been
taken with the Idea of putting the con
cern on a paving commercial basin con
sistent with the new order of things that
had followed on the reduction by the city
of the SI 75 rate. . . ■ cuy
Th* fact of the matter is that while the
new $1 50 rate has much to do with It vet
the advent of the Independent Electric
Light and Power Company ha* caused
the gas people to look to themselves, and
as a director admitted yesterday the sil
nry cutting looks very- much ' like th«
first move In the tree-climbing process '
Such hns boon the effect of the ' on
position company's entrance Into the field
of business and the confidence of the Deo
pie - In the man who is hacking It that
though It will not be ready to deliver its
goods until next June the uric* of as
ptnek has dropped from JM to $37 50. and
this on the mere Droaoect of able" and
St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
popular competition in the future
The general opinion among business
men seems to b* that gas stock will he
dear as a gift as soon as the new com
pany starts Into active operation
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
"PARSON OF JACKMAN-S GT'LOH"-
Anxlous One,, city. Two friends of this
department have kindly furnished the in
formation that '•Tho Pars.,,, of Ja.-kmans
Gulch Is by A. Conan Doyle and may b
found In "My Friend th* Murderer." The
thanks of this department for the Infor
mation.
CHRISTMAS rRESENT-Hnsty. Tlty
If you have been working In an offic*
about six months with another younjr lady
andyou think so much of her that yuu feel
you ought to make her a Christmas pres
ent, It would not b« bad form fr>r you to
(Jo no. unless vorj are actuated by a selfish
motive. For Instance, if the la<"ly fag y.,i )r
superior and you have known her but the
time named, ft might be taken In the na
ture of a bribe to Induce her to grant yon
favrrs in the line of your duties. Only
three motives move people to make pres
ents—love, appreciation and self-interest
HIS BEST GIRL— A Subscriber, City.
It does not cost anything to be polite and
any one of the male sex who pretends to
have any respect for the other sex should
always raise his hat on meeting a lady,
even If she Is "his best girl and they are
both working In the same store." A lady
whose shoe has become unlaced would
jj The Sunday Call's I|]
| ; GREAT CHRISTMAS I \
! I ISSUE.... jj!
j■j Out December 17. \ \
JAN INNOVATION IN «|
CHARACTER AND QUALITY. A:
Note the Great Features : ||
a KITCHELL'S MARVELOUS MADONNA. T \
A composite photograph of the famous beauty type* !
; of the Madonna. The most strikingly beautiful pic- j
ture of the age. -
• MY FIRST LIE AND HOW I GOT OUT OF IT, by |
Mark Twain. I
THE LEAGUE OF TEN, by Madge Morris Wagner.
A FAITHFUL SERVANT, by Ouida.
THE KISS OF NINITO DIOS. by Hester M. Stow«. \
i FOUND IN THE SNOW, by Mary E. Wilkins. \
& CHRISTMAS IN CALIFORNIA BEFORE THE GRINGOS / ,
CHRISTMAS IN CALIFORNIA BEFORE THE GRINGOS A
«i CAME, by Major Jose Ramon Pico. jP \
I! THE RECORD OF MY "WANDER-YEAR," by Father if)
" Yorke. Sf
CHRISTMAS OF THE VET- THE FUGITIVES CHRIST-
ERANS. MAS.
CHRISTMAS AT THE FAR- I STORY OF A HAUNTED
ALLONES. ; > HOU3E.
THE COUNTRY CHOIR. I CHRISTMAS AT MANILA.
> CHILDREN'S GAMES FOR CHRISTMAS.
Neither expense nor time has been spared, and
*», the Sunday Call. December 17. will be the «*
jL*/^. most artistic and interesting Christ- *>>-i
m*^7SV» mas Issue in America.
not a»k a gentleman with whom *>he la
walking to lace It for her unless by
reason of physical disability she is un
able to step into a doorway, stoop over
and tie the lace.
NINETY DAYS' RESIDENCE— A Sub
errlber. CJty. In North Dakota and In
Oklahoma a ninety days" residence Is re
quired before an action for divorce can b«
commence'!.
COHMBIAN HALF-DOLLAR-D. Lk.
City. The {tolling price of a Columbian
half-dollar of I*!> 2is from $125 to 1150;
that is. whut you can purchase fine for,
■0 th.it t:\\'> >'»v an Idea of its value. A
sllTer :>- ••rit piece of 1535 sells for from
40 to S5 c«Tit!<.
AROUND TME
CORRIDORS
T. J. Field, t! v banker. Is at
the Palace with his wlf.\
Dr. A. L, Hood of hik Oak Flat Is at
the Grand fop a short stay.
R. H. WootfUL a merchant of Japan,
is rtgteten d at the Occldt-ntal.
E. E. Bush, a prominent attorney of
Haaford, I td at th.- i.ick.
•J. W. Utiishaw. a hoabcf dealer of
Portland. Is at th.» Occidental.
ro««tal laaptCtOff BnHa returned last
Sunday evening from v trip to tht- K;ist.
A. WfilhHmer, a mil-known business
man of Fresno. Is Maying at Ibfl Grind.
George R. Beveridge. a wealthy fruit
man of Fresno, Is a guest at th« Occi
dental.
J. Craig, proprietor of Highland Springs.
Is at the Grand, accompanied by his
family.
Mrs. T\ 8. Grant Jr. arrived In this city
yesterrlay and took apartments at the
Palace.
H. Braunschweiger Is visiting his son
and daughter, at present attending Stan
ford I'nlverslty.
Dr. W, E. Gibbons, one of th» leading
medical men of Stockton. Is registered
for a short stay at the Orand.
-i de Salsset, a wealthy coffee
planter of San Jose, C. A., is registered
at the Occidental, accompanied by his
daughter.
M. Sandeckt. a traveler from Austria,
Is among those who arrived In the city
y>«t»'r<lav on the China steamer and went
to the Palace.
N. Hlackstock. the Railroad Commis
sioner. Is among the recent arrival* at
the Grand, where he registered yester
day from his home In Ventura.
Mrs. H. «. Bqulres. wife of the Flr*t
Secretary of th«» Dotted States legation
at Ff klnc. Is registered at th»s Palace with
her three daughter*. She is on her way
home to New York on a visit to her
family.
Chevalier de Wonters d'Opllnter, tecre
tary of the Uerman Kmbassy at Peklnir.
Is a Rur?<t at the Palace. He arri
the Am>-rlra Marti |rastcrday and Is on hla
way home on a short vacation from his
official dutlefl.
■ ♦ ■
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Dec. 11.-For.l A. Hunter
of San Francisco in at the (Irani M.
Wlllard of San Francl.so Is at the Plan.
» m ■
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.— George Btone,
of Sa£ Francisco, president of the Na
tional League of Republican Clubs, it in
Washington to attend a meeting of th«
National Committee. He Is at the Wll
lard. A. I). Wilson of Oakland la at the
Ebbltt House. William Frank of Ban,
Francisco is at the Shoreham. Dr. J. I
Brown of Los Angeles Is at the St. James.
■ ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 60c per 1b at Townacnd's.*
* m *
Mocha, Camilla, Plitaeh* for «olr««. JO3 Larkla.
■ m ■
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses . nu public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). EM Mont
gomery street. Telephone Alain 1042. •
A Chinese Maiden's Revenge.
Leon* Pak,- a Chinese merchant at 632
Jackson street, secured a warrant yester
day from Judge Graham for the arrest
of Shoy Ho, a Chinese maiden, on the
charge of grand larceny. He alleged that
because he tired of Shoy Ho and wanted
to get rid of her she left him. taking with
her $422 worth of Jewelry.
Beauty, Comfort. Safety.
Not only does the Lackawanna Rail re oSer
one of the most beautiful Journeys in th-»
United States, but It elves it with a irrtater
decree of comfort than may be found on any
other railroad. Its locomotives all are fitted
with appliances for burning anthracite coat,
and from Journey's beginning to Journey's end
neither smoke nor cinders molest th« traveler.
Built as It Is among the mountains It Is bal
lasted with stone from which there Is no dust.
Rallrond experts who have traversed It concede
its roadbed to bo second to none In the wirld.
and however lons the Journey, the traveler
will feel neither Jar nor Jolt. Its ordinary
couches are built by the company., and they are
noted for their comfort and fr their conveni
ences. The best equipment of the greet sleep.
Ins: car companies may be found upon all
through trains. The dining car service Is up to
the standard maintained on the best American
railroads. Heine double-tracked for its entire
length the danger of ordinary accidents Is
entirely eliminated, and the careful watchful
new constantly exercised by hundreds of em
ployes make even an extraordinary accident
almost an Impossibility.raw ADVERTISEMENTS.
I i^^ CURES CONSUMPTION. I
(r V r 'Or Mr». Riddled Experience Is Similar to Thou- *j
I \&, P sands Who Write Us Daily. £
J 2#3L<f^>k<Slfe^ • Z«no. S. C. 9-W-'99. ,([
l*^ l^.'/ /rK2I Gentlemen— l had a oouith fur three year«. «f. .^
H••W >• ri^H frets of crl P linil '"'♦ tak'nK proper care of my- i
111 f*9k Ll\ V/ r^Ht *"""• In April. ISVB. 1 h.-rame fio weak Iwu >
in C i/'Ti \\\ MSS^ unable to work. I «ai examined by two phyi- ■•
01 i<rV<Wli VCV^ff.^ clann. »hi mid me I had bronchitis, very l*d. i
■ \ Jr^yarlN S. O^3r \*C '4 They ftdvlsed me touFt Duffy's Mult Whiskey. J,
> J\xf Nit/^VVvsNT l " ' : ** *° bitter ac.unet whiskey thai I \jl
•/I Ss(l9 \F t*N-J^* —Si *»«5d not concert. {«
7 K3r Yl f KT^^^^rfftSM By Augu« l"0th last I had pone bo far a* to It
f" Sw V/AS> /mj'i'-S be unable to £■ lmy breath, except v.-lth dtffl- y
[•! _ \"' ' "- J«v culty was very low. 1 thought 1 could not ft
H Sffiy\ ' \S\\ live much longer. Our old physician. Dr. T. C
ufl4\ 1 \\\ W * Campbell, of Enerm*. S. C. examined my '
■ t // \ \ \ \ lungs, told me the right one »ii* very bad and \i
.^^Ti rlh \\ \\\ the left one but a trifle better, but that I had ,)
IfJ IL j/ 1 1 • 1\ «o»ugh lungs left to live a good while yet If I in,
lis^^ I 111 I 1 l\ *rould take plenty of IHiffj's Malt Whiskey. ■
• v iJs I I i 1 \ and vk * lt reirularly. By thin tlrr.' I was will- f
H lll'i 'I \\ Ing to do anything for relief So the dear old ■ [t,
»JB It] I I 1 \\ man, though he '• not a whiskey doctor, or- U
1 If If I 1 \\! J'r-J me to begin at once with two tablespoon- I
yjl ////I I \ \ fu'.s is iJ. f» every two houns. day and nlßht. V
Tfl I'm I I \l* (lO> ar "' 'nimedlately beßan to Improve, fj;
Hi /of i \ \ * Ljs^ now. six weeks from that time.. I can Vij
f\ I O ft 1 \ breathe ajmewt as well as I ever could, and Dr. /'
•»j /// //I I \ C. says my lump* are healed, except one dull I
VI /Jm 'li \ \ ac * In the right lung, and that the cavities K5
xl / /jOFIP f 1 \ *** contracting. i\
<J / flaf 'k 1 \ I Co not know whether God 1* going to let V
jlj /' Mi ' I / I me ret well cr man, but I humbly trust He f,v
Li / AW MM \ will, and I believe that, under God. your Will. i\V
i'l \M"j ft key ha» saved my life thus far. and If I had (H
\\ Ist begun a year ago I would have been cured by . V
MJ F tR J» tlm«. Respectfully. :
\\ j|S3N»*JL_ MR^- H - T<!PT>I.F!. 7jenr>. s. c. il;
1 A- «lm*V] ' rvnr. malt whiskey not only i
ill iWiSfiUrlliUlittiiVii, C«'HKS the couch aid heals the lungs, but v *
I &^r^fj\\Jt-JiUi£t*' rtlmulate* the blood to healthy action. It Is X
'/« £^V'l»in'i>r*firHT' i-*l* tn * PJ-eateM perm killer and curative known to £
I A^fl^Tiwrft'lvTifr »£. i«cli- Over *even thousand doctors prescribe •'■
Vmffi- ; ir^ l f 'CW » n(J recommend lt for COI-PR. COUGHS, <;rip P
■liv"^s. ViffSifJrl.'V*' CONSUMPTION. BnONTHITIS. and all dl»- '{
/']|/S% ,\ B"**"*^**** 1 ' eases of V..- throat and lungs, on account of !
[I'Tiir -**ryT AtU/AYS. Hi absolute purity and curative properties. i,l
,K(K * ft >H»r»*/^ / Boole of valuable information sent free, 'In
KSv^^ N£Y£ ff J& DITFY MALI \N HISKEY CO., Rochester, N. Y. %
if?
AMUSEMENTS.
IMPORTANT NOTICE !
All »ect* ordered mutt be called for
before 5 p. m TO-DAY. Tuesday, or
they will be sold. Reserved scats
$1 50. SI 00 and !Oc General Admis-
sion 50c and Ssc
Thursday Afternoon,
December 14.
AT '"• Orpheum.
MONSTER CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE
IN AID OF THE
CHARITY FUND
— THE
Associated Theatrical .Managers
of San Fmchop.
THE GREATEST BILL EVER OFFERED.
FREDERICK WARDE and MRS. C. M.
URl'Ni: in the Balcony Sc*ne from "ROMEO
AND JULIFTT." Columbia Theater.
The FRAWLEY COMPANY, in THE LIT-
TLEST GIRL." from the California.
An act of -THE CHIMES OF NORMANDY.-
from the Grand Opera House.
An «'t of "Mother Earth" from the Almzir.
«'AMILLT: ri'ARVILLE. MR. end MT'.S. ED-
WIN MILTON ROTUS. CORNILLE. GEORGE
FT'LLF.R OOLOEN and the Crcasi of Vaude-
| MHf. fr^m the Or;>heum.
FERRIS HARTMAN and an Operatic Bur-
rrlf», from U»e Tlvnll.
ORIGINAL GEORGIA MINSTRELS, from
the Alhnmtira.
MAJOR MITE and Blr Thine*, from the
Chutes.
THK MOHRINO BROTHERS, from the
Ol>-TT.pl».
ORAVD OPEN AIR CONCERT AT NO<">N
BY THH »'AW CHALLENGE GEORGIA MlN-
• 6TRELS BAND.
Curtain Hm at I o'clock sharp
CARRIAGES AT I 30.
The Managers nnd Actor* hnve helped
every known charity. .Now help them.
ENTIRE BILL AN INSTANTANEOUS HIT!
Tbe F"fcrr.ou» !-• >:f.:i;.it« Etara.
EDWIN MILTON ROYLE
& CO.
The MonolorJat,
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN
And a Dtr Cu>'!! n of Vaudeville Start.
LAST WEEK.
4 CAMILt D'ARVILLE,
Qjm!T» of Comic Opera,-
naif 1 1 '' '1 S»ntii. Xc; lialcory. Ma: Opera
Chairs and I»r>« flwu. He.
Mal!a*^s WMn»^<Jay. Saturday and Sunflar.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN itt.
ONLY THIS WEEK,
BY GHNEBAL RHQUnST. ONE OF THE
SEASON'S GREATEST HITS.
THE CHIMES OF
NORMANDY!
NEXT WEEK— VFLEDEimAUSr <The
Bat>. by Ftrnups. the WaJt« Kin*;.
I>ual Price* ."CK:, ST.r. 2Sc. 15c and 10c
Oood Renetn-e<l Keal at Saturday Mutlne*, 250.
Uranch Tl.-k»t Office Emporium.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
ENTIRELY REDECORATED AND RENO-
VATFD.
PACKED TO THK 1 1C1ORS AGAIN LAST
f NIGHT! N r»»d to b^:
EAerjthlßr'a Jurt Like It U.ed to Be!
EVERY EVENING AND SATURDAY
MATINEE.
The Triumphant ComJc Opera.
TAR and TARTAR
Presented h| m. Superb <«ef. Inrludlnc
FERRIS HARTMAN.
POPULAR PRICKS-J5 AND V< CENTS.
T«ld>hcn«* for Stats, Buab 9.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
TANFORAN PARK.
fIXOND MEETING. Dec «-l«. '«»». Incluslr*.
fell hlfh-clat* i-unninir race« every week-day.
rain cr shine. bee-Inning at 1:30 p. m.
The liicnl ntr.ter racetrack of America. Pa-
trtc* *tcp directly Irora the railroad cars Into
„ superb crasd ktand. i ■»' ••>> ■ •••■']. !:»r<-
fcmfortabl) boused •bad weather they can
euluy an unobntructM view of Ihe races.
Trains ie»v« Third and Townrend »tr«*U at
I.OQ. 16:43 unJ 11:30 a. m.. and 1>:1S. 12: Si. 32:54
i.n4 l:Ii p. tn., r*>«urr»lnc Immediately after
lot rac-e *r.d at 4:4 p. m. It«-ar cars reserved
tor women and their erceru. No smoking.
V»ii;cU t*.r-<-t I" »i.lr.<;ti-s later-.
tMn J-»e and way »tailon«. Arrive at San
Uruni' xt 11:45 p. m. L«tv« San Bruno at 4:08
J nil * *'. p. tn.
4. Hates: San Franctsco to Tanforan and w
K«!«-». K*n rrai.riapo to Tanfr>ran and r»-
» taru. liKiudiac adml&slon to track. II 28.
W. 3. MARTIN. President
F. H. CRREM. SecreUry and Manager.
Nearly Killed Himself.
j
I
MARYSVILLE. Dec 11.—The 13-year
old son of J. m. Cutts of Linda Township
had a narrow escape from death last
evenlne. While returning: from hunting
he pulled his f-h.'tpun over a fence after
him. muzzle first. The hammers struck
the top barb wire and both barrels were
diacban One charge of powder burn
ed his ear and tore away ■ lanra piece of
the scalp from the side of his head. The
ehot did not penKrate the skull and the
boy was able to walk home.
I HEADQUARTERS #O^||
i FOR HOLIDAY {®f!
§ PRESENTS.
Re:ent Importations of oSsS
,<« STATUARY J&s%
I CROCKERY *N8^:I
I CUT-GLASS *•;■
| ART NOVELTIES *$$n
S OIL PAINTINGS jßf
r BRIC-A-BRAC ;.^||
Now on fihibilion •$$& f
Op:n Evenings
| I S. 4 G. GUMP CO., 1
j !i5 ii» Gcarj Street. 3
WUaWa^B^B^'B^>^BQH^I^BBMBHmHMJI
-—-—— —^— — ——^—^— ___
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^
EnirßF»nient of the Dletlngulrh^d Actor.
» FREDERICK WARBE
Together with MR. AND MRS. CLARENCE M.
RItITNE and an Excellent Company.
TO-NIOHT. ALSO WEDNESDAY. FRIDAY
AND SATURDAY NIGHTS.
"THE LION'S MOUTH."
THtTRPDAY NIGHT AND SATURDAY MAT-
INEE "ROMEO AND JULIET."
SUNDAY. "RICHARD III."
DDirFC EVENING 2«c to $1
■ IvIWLO MAT. SAT SCO to 75r
(THE i'L.'j-.'Li. a r:.A ... i -. ,
Eddy and Jones Sts^hone SOUTH 770.
ONE WEEK ONLY—MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Original Geor la Minstrels.
Grand First Part—Blc Second Edition.
EVERYTHING NEW.
A MONSTER TERFOFIMANCE
SPECIAL PRICES: Evenliu—lie. 25c, -v?. COo.
Matinee—lsr. JOc. SSc.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT—
A Performance T)i«t T.\eryl. Will Want to
S-e—
THE ONLY
hi.a' PATTI : J:"inADORs:
Secure Seats Thursday and Don't Walt for
th» Hie Crush >■.:!;.'.«>• Night.
Popular Prlre*—lso. 25c. 25e. COc Ha
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
l»c. 2.'c. Z'-c and COc.
CALIFORNIA THEATER H
TEE SAME ORF.AT CROWDS
THE SAKE QKEAT EriTECSIAEM !
TEE BAKE OHEAT PRODUCTION !
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
In their eplendld presentation of
•"THE FATAL CARD-
Only two more, performance*, to-nluht and
Wednesday nlicht. in Jefereace to a popular
demand.
Thursday. Friday and Saturday Nights and
Saturday Matinee, Grand Revival of
"THE SPORTING DUCHESS."
POPULAR |:| Evening 7.". . Me, 33c
HICKS !:l Matinee Me, 2-.c.
SUNDAY NIGHT—FImt time In San Fran-
cisco of the excruciatingly funny comedy by
WlilUm H. Crane. "THE HEAD OF THE
FAMILY." ;
ALCAZAR THEATER.
LAST WEEK OF
FRANCIS POWERS' Beautiful Mexican Play.
"MOTHER EARTH"
MEXICAN LIFE ILLUSTRATED.
Preceded by the Laughable Farce Entitled.
t4UP TO WATKINS."
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week— Reappearance of
ERNEST HASTINGS • in • "DR. BILL."
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1899.
THE OPERATION OF COALING THE BATTLESHIP IOWA.
op HE record of th« coast was broken yesterday In the sup-
I plying of the big warship with fuel. A thousand ton««
was put aboard In eight hours, or an average of 125 tons
an hour. It was a case of rivalry between the port and star
board watches, and the officers were as much Interested in
the contest as the men. A blackboard was hung on the
MAIL STEAMERS
AND TRANSPORTS
ARRIVE IN PORT
Zealandia and Para
Will Be Released.
OVERDUE DEEP-WATER SHIPS
SOME OF THEM ARE CAUSING
MUCH UNEASINESS.
Two mail steamers and one transport
made port yesterday. The America Maru
got in from Hongkong via Yokohama and
ulu with 71 cabin. 14 Europeans, 42
M an<l IS Japanese In the steerage.
She made the run from Honolulu tn the
fast time of live days twenty hours. The
San Jose came in from Central American
porta *:th ?^vtn cnbln and twelve steer
•.?^^n(?ers'. She made the run from
ma In twenty-two days. The City
of Para iamc- from Manila via Nagasaki
In twrnty-seven day?. She brought no
-• ra. The passage was an unevent
ful one. Both the City of Fara and Zea
land:.!, which arrived from Manila Sun
day, will be Tf turned to their owners as
BOOS as the damage to them has be«n aa
■eaaed by a board <>t survey.
The British steamer Bloemfonteln Is
now overdue at Honolulu from Newcas
' tie. N. S. W. She is loaded with 'coal, and
was nearly seventeen days late when the
America Maru leit Honolulu. The chances
are that her machinery broke down and
that she will be picked up and towed into
1 port by Borne ocean liner.
The overdue. British ship St. Enoch, now
I out 15-1 days from Panama for Portland,
has been heard from again. Last Novem-
I ber 6 per cent reinsurance was being paid
1 on her and then she showed up on* the
Columbia River bar and took a pilot
I aboard. That was on November 17, and
about that time the southeaster came up
and ship and pilot were driven off shore.
From that time until yesterday morning
nothlnK was heard of the St. Enoch, and
the reinsurance on her had gone back to
10 per cent. Now she has appeared again
off the Columbia River and will probably
I be safe In port to-day.
Another vessel that is and has been
causing uneasiness is the French bark
Ixiuls Pasteur, now out IS3 days from
Limerick. Ireland, for Portland. Or. Bhe
was spoken In August last In latitude 40
degrees north, longitude 27 degrees west,
| or about 100 miles north of the Azores,
Later she was In company with the ship
; Blanca off the Horn, and as the latter was
wrecked grave fears are entertained for
the Louis Pasteur. The underwriters are
paying 20 per cent reinsurance on her. -
Gray & Mitchell's new steamer Dispatch
received a thorough baptism on her first
voyage tp Portland. She had to fight a
gale both going and coming and suffered
considerably In consequence. When off
the Columbia River bar the lightship sig
naled that she wanted to speak the Dis
patch. Upon getting within hailing dis
tance it was learned that the chief
engineer of the lightship wanted to
I N r K % R^ GG 7 * 700 " Wl^ri th^th^o^'wh^Tron^.d^m^o'^rat i
• WE A VALUABLE PftESPMY dl.-tribu^r of rtuck lor the Sterling: OH and y
• ..._ ' ==■ ZHE±SSU 1 l>evelupirier.t Cotnp&Dy. for he will h-stuw 0
O'^D ILI Ol&TRlßiiTfc ._/ ■■- J a gift that not only has a PRESENT i>
* I L _ "'Oirrt ITitfiltllS^ 0 VALVE but one which linn the po!>»!r.llitl<«s X
** \^ ~Z~-~~*\ ' /^-*>'pMK for a FUTURE VALUE many times greuter g
A *" " \v r lflrUT There lit a puarnntee of honest manage- (§
A s - =^,fc < **!r VN^l "^J&Zjjl ment behind ev»ry share of stock Issued by a
7 « 9iO* f ■!»** w ififr YtAtC*^"^ ▼ this company. We are operating on PAT- X
• \\ 'tff jL. vHw&vix^ 1 EXTED Land with OIL WELLS ADJOIN- •
ft \\ jfCW-^ \«LiN ING— NOT MILES away. Subscribed ft
a \\^»** «k.TJ** -.\l^^»^ — * stock held in escrow, only treasury stock for #
V W*"^ -V «Ct>4i\\ I / sale, of which a limited amount Is offered a
• \\O» V . nW"''' V\ \v ,  , / for CO CENTS per share. Derrick No. 1 now •
• W^tVP/T -\\ Mill mWlii I" 1 !"* erected. LISTED n.s THE CALI- ft
5 Vl^*' C> •* VUpilllnUUi FORMA OIL EXCHANGE. Prospectus £
ft U *• *** Mlttfjfll v "-. Vv and map for the asking. q
• PgS^i^STERLIIGOILAID I
1 (flni\l DEVELOPMENT CO., |
• iJp/ X^>l^^J^S3s-'"6 Crocker Building, Third J
A DIRnCTORS: W. S. GAGE, President: J. A. BUNTING. Vice President; J. C. ft
Z HAMPTON. N. K. MARTEN. H. H. BLOOD. — i *. M
2 G. 11. BAIRD. Resident Agent. Box !«0. Mary^ville. Cal. X
SaooftCOftCftftftftftftftftftooftftftQeftftftftftftftftftftftftftftftftftftfto
CONCERTS AND BESORTB.
STEEPLECHASE.
rmiTJll I>iJ l r (lth & Market Open
Wtn 1 rIAL lA 1 IV daily from Ito 11:30 p. m.
Admission includes the thrilling ride on the
horses. Every winner receives a present. Sue-
ce»«!ve winners will be given a handsome t2O
gold watch. Professor Hill, the high wire ar-
tist mechanical bands, razr.le-dazzle, meat
llcman carrousel, bicycle circus, aerial trolley,
barrel of love, earthquake floor, mystic mir-
rors, human cage, haunted spring, lively blower
and a score of others. The completely new
stock of prizes includes Xmas presents and
toys. 10c— Admission— 10c. .
P^nftMma SPECIAL NOTICE!
raiiuiaiim Th- Panoraiaa „ open
m . « dally from 10 A. M. to I
AT in? p - M
VI lIIW . A correct representation
_ - of the greatest victory ever
Until a AT achieved on land or sea,
Dulllv Ul surpassing anything ever
exhibited In artistic merit
_M_ D«t«r* nd interest Don't fall to
Manila Bay^^^^ street.
iIIMUUM UUJ nf>r Elghth
Mrs. John Vance Cheney
Will repeat her first course of lectures. Th«
first will be on Tuesday evening?, Deo. 12, at I
o'clock, at Hotel Pleasaatoo. ■
fighting mast, and every hour the tally of each watch was
given. When the day's work was done It was about a stand
off between the two Rungs.
From here the lowa goes In company with the cruiser
Philadelphia to San Diego, where the ship? will >»■ joined
by th<» Marblehead. The three warships will then go cc
Magdalena Buy for gun practice.
go ashore. He was taken aboard the
Dispatch, but It was nearly a week before
the steamer could stand in over the bar.
When Astoria was reached the chief en
gineer discovered that the vessel he had
left five days previously had been driven
from her moorings and WSJ a total wreck.
On the return trip the Dispatch found
trouble again. The windows were smashed
in, ratling curried away, cabin flooded and
other minor damage done. Through it all
the steamer proved herself an admirable
seaboat.
The schooner Mlzpah and her nineteen
owners are In a peck of trouble. All of
the latter except Captain Owens are
sheep raisers and know nothing about a
sailing vessel. The captain has chartered
the vessel to carry a load of dynamite to
Amapala and the other owners refuse to
let her go. In consequence there are In
junctions and restraining orders by the
dozen, and the Mlzpah bids fair to be
eaten up in litigation before the matter Is
settled.
The longshoremen on the shin Bohemia
have struck for an advance of 10 cents an
hour. The stevedores refuse to pay the
demanded increase and are working the
vessel with outside help.
The steamer Cleveland Is receiving a
thorough overhauling preparatory to go
ing Into the Cape None trade In the
spring. New shafting has been put in. the
machinery overhauled, boilers put In
thorough repair, the 'tween decks have
been thoroughly cleaned, standees put In
and the entire vessel cleaned and painted.
When the Job is completed the Cleveland
will be almost as good an new.
Louis Black, mate of the Cleveland, had
his watch stolen yesterday by a man
named John Kallen. The latter was ar
rested and booked at the Harbor police
station on a charge of grand larceny.
The brig Tanner has been brought out
of retirement and made into as line a
little vessel as floats. Sister keelsons have
been put In her. she has been celled and
sheathed throughout, recalked, new spars
and new rigging put up. and now she is
thoroughly stanch. She is under charter
to bring a load of lumber from Olympla
to San Pedro, after which she will come
to San Francisco to Jit out for the Cape
Nome trade. Walter Scammell. the agent
of the vessel, has also secured the steamer
Flomer, and will run both vessels between
San Francisco and the gold fields in the
spring. _^_^^_^___^__
Municipal Examinations.
The examinations tor 1600 positions will
take plan* about January 29. 1300. A thorough
six-weeks' preparatory course in all subjects
burins Monday. December 11. 1899. at very rea
sonable term*. Apply $35 Thelan building. •
Secretary Foley to Resign.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 11.— While in this
city la-st week W. I. Foley, private sec
retary to Governor Gage, Is alleged to
have said to friends that he contemplat
ed resigning his position on account of
sickness which has developed In his fam
ily since removing to Sacramento.
Whether Mr. Foley intends to resign at
once or not Is not known h«»re.
Christmas Festivities.
Golden Gate Kinder&firtens. December.
IW. December IS— Stanford No. 5. Twen
ty-ninth and MlsFlon streets, 10 a. m.;
i.ux Potter. T. F. Shattuck and Mer
chants' West Mission street. 11 a. m. 14—
Stanford N'os. 3 and 4. MO Kmnnan street,
10 a m Pope. F.mlly P. Walker, Real
Estate. Attorneys' and Produce Ex
change 221 Ninth street, 11 a. m. ; Osgood
and Grace Bradley and Wllmerdlr.K. MM
Sixteenth street. 11 a. m. : Two friends,
1018 Folsom street. 2 p. m. 15— Stanford
KM 1 and 2. 1?12 Mason street. ID a. m. ;
Hearst Kindergartens, I'nlon-square Hall,
corner Stockton and I'nlon. 11 a. m.; Les
ter Norm, 12.".:? Pacific street. 11 a. m.
A successful poker player attributes his
good fortune to pot-luck.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
.^gßfev pOKOT DESPAIR ! Do notSnf
mttwW Tl 'crLonter! Tho Joy, and ambitions uj
mwf^*>£A l |fo «n be rflotrd in you. The Terr
BHT ftta «or«M»n of XerToui Dehllltv nre
Ifa .nbsolutr-lv cured by PF.nri'ri'O
fcr Longer! Tho Joy* and ambition* vl
llfo can be r>-ftoied l.> you. The Terr
wor»t«»iof >rrvou« Or hill I y are
.ibsolutPlr cured by PEIirF<*TII
tVW TABLETS. Give prompt relief to In-
V3lt : vZl2«S •.omnla falling memory and Hi* waitt
QSNLirmSSr ond drain of Vital powers, incurred by
*TXVj£X&-' indiscretions orcxreFsrsot early yeart.
*~\mpv linpartTliror and potency toeTery func-
t ion. Brace up tbetyitem. Uire bloom to Hit
1 cheek; and luitre to the eyei of /-*•-> » O un« oreld.
: C>n«Wc box renews »lt»l ener(tj.rOl|liB boxes ol
•J. &0-> complete cure WWrTor money re
: funded. Can be carried in rest -<«sj|s^ M^et. Sold
where, or mailed In plain wrapper on receipt ot
price by THE riRFBCTO CO.. Caxtoa bldg., Calcate, 111.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. B. F. and OaklaoC
DR. CROSSIVIAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURB OF GONORRHOEA.
Gleets, Strictures and analogous com-
!'-■ -ts of the Organs of C--Deration,C --Deration,
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by drurtisu. .
WriiirrlniliarVßietalilrPllls
ARK ACKNOWLEDGED Bl .HOUBAND3
of persons who have used them for forty
years to cure SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Liver. Weak Stom-
ach, Pimples aad poi : / the blood. .. : -
VICE PRESIDENT
GEORGE CROCKER
IS HOME AGAIN
Viewed P. I. Company
Property.
THE PLANS OF LIQUIDATION
MANY YEARS REQUIRED TO
WIND UP AFFAIRS.
George Crocker, second vice president of
the Southern Pacific Company, arrived in
San FiancJsco night before last and yes
terday received many callers at his office
in the yellow building. Before Mr. Crocker
left New York for the Pacific Coast Th«
Call announced that he would travel via
New Orleans and tarry en route to inspect
properties of the Pacific Improvein. Nt
Company In Louisiana and Texas. He
was asked yesterday If his plans in this
• had been carried out. Speaking
of the Pacific Improvement Company he
■aid:
"Many newspaper reports regarding the
affairs of the Pacific Improvement Com
pany and particularly the stories that the
company's property is to be sold outright
are incorrect. The Call's statement that
the affairs of the company will be wound
up by liquidation 1b correct. 1 left New
York with the intention of acquiring in
formation concerning the value and con
dition of the company's property and
where I did not make personal inspection
I secured data from records and agents.
"Ten or fifteen years' time may be need
ed to wind up the affairs of the company.
The amount ultimately realized will d.
pend upon conditions of prosperity and
the development of the country. 1 can
not approximate the valu« of the Pacltlc
Improvement Company's property. The
holdings consist of coal mines, steam
ships, timber lands, hotels railroads,
stocks, bonds and aecurltU-s. For example
the Carbonado coal mines, where the re
cent disaster occurred, belong to the com
pany. The hotels of Castle crags and Del
Monte are owned by the concern. The
company owns a rauway and coal mines
on Vancouver Island, British Columbia
also valuable lands near Santa Barbara,
Cal. In Louisiana and Texas the company
has large Interests. "
Concerning the rumor of his resignation
from ihe office of vice president of the
Southern Pacific Company Mr. Crocker
remarked:
"I nm still second vice president of the
company. I have not resigned. I shall
probably serve until next January, when
my successor may be chos'-ii. My* present
plani are to remain in California for six
weeks. No, I cannot tell you when C. P.
Huntlngton will leave New York for Cali
fornia or how long he will remain after
his urrlvnl here."
Mr. Crocker does not care to discuss the
Senatorial situation. In fact he frankly
admits that the newspapers are mu^h bet
tor informed than he Is regarding the
plane of the candidates.
SUNSET LIMITED
NOT WITHDRAWN
The rumors that the Southern Pacific
elegant Kunvet Limited will not be op
erated this season are not trustworthy.
It» Initial trip will be made Friday. De
rembcr 15. tearing this city at 5 p. m.. and
on Tuesdays and Fridays thereafter. In
the arrangement of Its schedule the man
agers feel that they have enhanced the
I train's natural attraction very consider
: ably, for In addition to lta elegance and
: splendid service, Its prompt connections
i with limited trains of other lines, etc., the
I time* has been oul'-kened and so appor-
I tk-ned as to enable the most Interesting
Ktretchea of the grand Sunset Route to be
traversed by daylight. Parties Intending
to make the trip should call on a Soutn
| crn Paclllc ngent for a small brochure
! entitled "Wayside Notes Along the Bunset
I Route."
POLICE COURT SCANDAL.
A Japanese Charged $2 50 for Being
Furnished With a Warrant Out
of Judge Graham's Court.
William Ye, a Japanese student re
siding at 22 Prospect place, related a
strange -.tory of "grafting" yesterday to
Lieutenant Esola at the California street
police station. He said that he hud paid
a man named Harris, 62C-62S Kearny
street, $9 for an overcoat, and that when
he brought It to the door to examine It
In the light he found that It waa not wool,
as had been stated, and demanded that
another be given him Instead. Harris was
unable to suit him and refused to make
any further changes. Ye refused to take
any of the coats and demanded his money
back, which Harris refused.
Then Ye went to Police Judge Graham
court to get a warrant and was directed
to a room adjoining the courtroom, where
he found a clean-shaved, bareheaded m.in
seated at a desk writing. The man said
that he was Judge Graham's <-ourtr . m
clerk and that he would issue the warrant
for $5. The Jap said that he did not lave
that sum Of money with him and proposed
$2 50, which the "clerk" accepted and
made out a warrant for the arrest of
Harris. The Jap brought It to the Cali
fornia street station as requested an it
was there found that the Judge's name
was not :»lgncu to It. Lieutenant EsoTa re
ported the matter to the Police Depart
ment and the "grafter" will be looked
after. ••• • ■'"
' Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit M. Rothschild, . 334 Post it. • ; ;.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
COURT PAINTER TO KING CHARLES 1.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
THE WORLD'S GREMT ARTISTS.
Contributors to this course: Dr. John C Van Dyke, Dr. Russell Stursls Pr A L.
Frothlngham Jr.. Arthur Hoeber. Frank Fowler and others. *
VIL SIR ANTHONY VAN DYCK.
BY ARTHUR HOEBER.
(Concluded.)
It was with religious pictures that Van ;
Dyck now occupied himself for awhile. (
His first subject was "The Adoration of
the Shepherds." for which he was to get
400 florins, or about 110), not, It will be ad
mitted, an exorbitant price; but even this \
modest sum was objected to by the con- |
fraternity of the church for which the
canvas was painted, and Van Dyck, In '
order to dispose of It to a private patron j
at this price. was obliged to throw In a ,
portrait, by way of good measure. After
this he painted a "St. Augustine In Ecs- <
tasy," and his price was advanced to 600
florins; once more his patron demurred
at the expense, and this time it was a
small head of Christ that he gave to in- i
duce him to keep his contract. Happily, ,
he had no trouble after this in finding
commissions, and for five years the work
poured In. Among his great compositions
of this period are "The Crucifixion," "The
Marriage of St. Catharine," the "Ecce
Homo." "The Raising of the Cross" and
"The Infant Christ Crowning St. Rosa-
VAN DYCK'S "BABY STUAkT."
He." In all more than thirty Important
religious compositions were executed,
while in between Van Dyck did many '
splendid portraits and made a long series
of remarkable sketches in tints, many of
which he subsequently etched, while oth
ers were engraved and published by Mar
tin Vanden Enden.
It was impossible to achieve all this suc
cess without inciting the malice and envy
of some of the lesser minds among his
contemporaries, and Van Dyck. who was
of a highly sensitive nature, was deeply
irritated by the covert attacks subse
quently made upon him. They finally be
came so annoying that he concluded to
leave the country for awhile, and In 1629,
he went to England. This visit was not
successful, however, and for some reason
or other he did not attract much atten
tion from the King and the court. He
had come upon the Invitation of his
friend and patron, the Karl of Arundel;
unhappily, at that time Arundel was not
in favor with his royal master, but three
years later, the Duke of Buckingham be
ing dead, the Earl was once more per
mitted to bask In th* sunshine of the
royal presence, and with the consent of
his august master an official Invitation
was this time Issued to the great Fleming
to repeat the visit, and so he returned un
der the best of auspices.
Coming to London In the early spring of
163* Van Dyck received a reception bent
ting his rank an a painter of the greatest
distinction. He was properly lodged and
all his expenses were borne by the crown.
A house was found for him In Blackfrlars,
probably a. large mansion belonging to the
King, and a summer resort was provid
ed down in the county of Kent. It did not
take him long to become the social lion
of the day. His manners were most at
tractive, though not less so than his per
son He possessed elegance and distinc
tion to a superlative degree, for he had
ever mingled with the best people in all
the countries wherein he had traveled, he
was sparkling In conversation and. rare
distinction for those days, he had trav
eled extensively. Besides all this his Ku
ropean reputation was known in London.
It was not, therefore, remarkable that us
studio should De tilled constantly with
the most fashionable crowds; titters came
In thronKs; the King, the Queen, all the
royal family, the great noblemen, crowd
ed one another for the honor of posing.
Not to have a portrait by Van Dyck was
to be out of the social world. He hail been
made painter In ordinary to his Majesty
almost immediately on his arrival, and.
humanity being presumably the same In
those days as it is now, there were many
heartburns among the mass of painters
whose stars were dimmed by the advent
of the new favorite.
Despite his financial success «nd the
bestowal upon him of a pension by the
King, Van Dyck lived at so rapid a pace
and spent his money so profusely that he
was continually In dire straits. He was
hospitable, he entertained most liberally,
and no small portion of his earnings was
contributed to the fair sex, for In an .-ge
of great gallantry there were few men In
London who exceeded him In their atten
tions to femininity. He had been knight
ed shortly after his arrival and, mlngi'ng
with the b<st people In the land, he fool
ishly tried to emulate the splendor of their
entertainments. Curiously enough, he
surrounded himself with a set of lisp
tnrs who secured large sums from him In
their alleged efforts and experimenting
to find the philosopher's stone, whir He
firmly believed to be a possibility. Brood-
Ing over his financial troubles, fatigued
with the constant work at portraiture,
and worn out by the confinement, the .x
ious gases and close air of the laboratory
wherein lie spent much time maklngchem
leal experiments In his search for tie
philosopher's stone, his condition became
such as to alarm his friends, of wnom
none were more solicitous than the King
himself. It was finally concluded, all
things considered, that he ougl.t to get
married, and through the Influence of
Charles an excellent match was arranged,
the lady in question being a member of
the Queen's household. Thus It was that
Maria Ruthven became his wife. The
King once more showed his friendliness
by providing a dowry from his privy
sources.
The marriage over. Van Dyck interested
himself In working out a scheme for the
decoration of Whitehall, his master, Ru
bens having already made some frescoes
for the banqueting room; for these lie de
manded the .somewhat substantial sum of
£75,000, but the royal exchequer was low
at this time, and the proposal was de
clined after he had spent rnrnld°rnt.)lc
time In making sketches for the 'work
Chagrined by the refusal of a project on
which he had so set his heart, he became
wretchedly morbid, and his health al
ready none of the best, was seriously af
fected. He resolved on a Journey home
where, with his .wife, he waa received
with every demonstration of love and af
fection, fetes being Riven in his honor.
More disappointment wa« waiting for
him: he spent two months In l"art« en
deavoring unsuccessfully to obtain a cotn
mission to decorate the great gallery of
th* Louvre: then came the rebellllon In
London and the withdrawal of the- royal
family; he was back In the English capl
tn! In th« mtn.it of a terrible political ex
citement, which affected his health ad
verstly. and he never rallied, lie died
December 9, 1611. at the age of 42. and
thus unhappily passed away one of the
greatest of the world's artists.
Van Dyck wan an extraordinarily rapid
worker: his touch was marvelously sure,
for there wan no detail of his profession
of which he was not complete master.
Following the custom of the times, he, had
about him many pupils and assistants
whom he utilized to do all the more un
important parts of his canvases, such as
laying backgrounds and the putting on
the first painting of draperies and acces
sories. The drawing of the subjects and
the painting of the head and hands Van
Dyck attended to himself. It is said that
he never worked longer than one hour
at a time on any sitter: when the sixty
minutes had gone Van Dyck would bow
the patron out, another one generally be
ing in waiting to take the next turn.
Meanwhile his servants prepared fresh
I palette and brushes. The portraits hs
1 painted of Chnrles I numbered thirty-six.
: the most Important of which la the fa
mous one In the Louvre In Paris. Twenty
five portrait* of the Queen, Henrietta
Maria, are known to exist. There has
■ been catalogued a list of 971 of Van
1 nek's works, but there are of course
| many more which have escaped the cata-
I loguer.
There are several fine examples of Van
; Dyck's work In this country, no less than
four of which are owned by the Met
ropolitan Museum of Art In New York.
These include his really great work, the
portrait of James Stuart, Duke of Rich*
• mond and Lennox, standing at full length
with a great greyhound beside him Van
Dyck was one of the most polUhed and
I suave painters of any epoch, and his color
| wat» nil that could be asked. lie drew
! with remarkable accuracy; his work was
, very personal and possessed the greatest
artistic distinction. Ills canvases appeal
ed with equal force to the connoisseur
and the layman, for they are so authori
tative that there Is no mistaking their
masterly qualities. When it Is remem
bered that he died at 42. and that there
lls scarcely a national gallery in tn«
: world that does not possess one or more
Important examples. It will be seen what
a marvelously complete life he lived and
, how splendidly he fulfilled his mission,
i turning his glorious talents ever to the
best account. Well may his weaknesses
be forgiven and his foibles overlooked In
| view of the splendid use he made of the
I endowments that nature had given him.
j for he gave to the world the best that
i was in him. and dying left a name that
remains one of the moat brilliant In all
the chronicles of art.
New York City.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1899-1000.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studlas for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Oreat American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificates.
Masonic Memorial Service.
Fidelity Lodge. Free and Accepted
I Masons, will, on Thursday evening next,
! hold memorial service <n Its lodge-room
i In commemoration of the anniversary of
the death of Ooorge Washington, who
was a Master Mason Judge Carroll Cook
an<l Rev. Jacob Nleto will each deliver
an address Appropriate to the occasion.
■ ♦ »
Beautiful Christmas Presents.
| The Pictures. Frames. Onyx rablea.
, Lamps. Statuary. Leather Ooods, 8:»r
i ling Sllv .t Novelties. Albums. Toilet
Cases. Pnperterles. QoM and Fountain
Pens, Desk Pads. Ink Stands and Calen
dars exhibited by Sanborn. Vail A (',.,
74! Market str*et. have no equal in vari
ety, quality or price In this city. I
tiun cordially Utrlted, •
Oil Exchange in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 11.— An OH Ex
change hi* lust been onranlied here on
lines similar to those of the San Fran
cisco Oil Exchange. The officials of the.
organization are: W. L. Hardlson, pres
ident; Richard H. Herron. vice president;
L. Blankenhorn, treasurer; R >V. Poln
dexter, secretary. The new company now
has a membership of twenty-five with. a
maximum limit of fifty. It Is the inten
tion of the exchange to open at one« for
the listing and handlinc of oil stocks.
■ m ■
Th* holiday* ».re brlnrlng out largo
throngs at the Steeplechase. The fortu
nate winners of the races will r*celv«
Xmas toys and presents this week. The
razzle-flazile, barrel of love, bicycle circus
and all the other fun-provoklnr devices
from New York are continuing their pop
ular run. ...- ... ■
78
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Financial Hurry m Wall street.
Xo change in Exchange and Silver.
Wheat declined. Barley dull and weaker.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuff* still weak, but no lower.
Beans and Seeds dull and unchanged.
Sweet Potatoes higher and Onions firm.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Si*' cars of Eastern Poultry arrived.
Game in good supply and more or less weak.
Apples and Oranges in liberal supply. Grapes scarce.
Nothing going on in Dried Fruit.
Provisions as previously quoted,
Meat market unchanged.
Charters.
Th* Olenholm loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, Sa 64
The It. \V. Bartlett loads lumber on th«
Sound for Honolulu; William Bowden. lumber
on the hound fur Melbourne or *..'.'». Ms
Ci . Chiirle* 12. Moody, coal at Tacoma for
Honolulu.
Money in Circulation.
According to a treasury statement the money
In circulation In the United Stat<* on the l*t
df !'••::.!■: was as follows:
Cold coin JC27.450.101
BUyer doJlajs ...--.. i i
tmall illm 74.522.Wi
UuU certliK-ates Uh».S«s.S«:
Sliver eertlnVateg 354.2>J.i500
Trcimr>' BOtM 57.441.ti50
L'nited State* notes J17.511.97S
C'uirem-y .. - 13.6U..0*")
National :-...:.r :..!•* 3ft.t3a.7£6
7 :al J1.5.5:,.»3n.!»«4
In JV-s LSM.r79.UM
Increase 199.051.4^0
Tl.> :<• »i.t iiti increase durlcg the month of
»l« ut $7,it«i.'xio |n lUvcr dollar* and over $23.
t»m.""0 in gold coin certlJicates, the latter ln
< . . :»■ a .•:•„-.- of only a little over |7,0at.0M
In i;old coin.
Our Account With Pacific Roads.
The following figures rhow the amounts due
the United Btfttca irom Paclflo railroads on ac
count of bor.dk iffued In aid of their construc
tion: Central Branch Union Pacific, H,«H,tU;
Bioos City and Pacific. S4.:il.f7C; total. t7.1-»S.-
Ji*. The (jNiirtinient ha* been reimbursed for
|;;.2»«.M2 prfacual and J31.211.711 interest, be-
Itig the trtal injptitedneiw cf the Union Pacific
liiiUroad <"<'iiisiuny to November 1. liST. and
fur the principal of the Kansas Pacific lndeht
«•••-. ;.:..:.-.•> to }■ .--..'•■ The unpaid
t.ai*ini-e of the total indebtedness of the Cen
tral Pacific and Western Paclfle Itallr^ad com
jikrilec to th>- L'nll«l Statcn. under settlement
um-eemtr.t of Ke'.>ruary 1. If:*?, amount* to
M7.ttA.171 and accrued Interest, les» trar.spor
tutiun <-arn:r.ck.
Our Cash and Debts.
The following Is & statement of the public.
C . ■ and of the ■ :..-h In the treasury uf the
t'r.lted tS:«J«-» at the close of business Novem
t>T 30. received from Secretary Gage: Interest- ]
tearing debt. tI.W.MS.fSO; debt on which In- j
Imst has c«-a<-ed since maturity. 51.2UV.K20:
6<-bt Uarlng no Intrreht. 1355.045.7G"; certificate!
and treasury notes, offset by an equal amount
ef cat-h in the tre^iiury. »«7».2(J'J.SuJ; aKKregate
tf debt, 12.104.tX5.17X. Compared with the state
ment :--..• l October 31 the figures t>how an
Inrreiise of i-ertlllcates and treasury notes
amounting to S2l..~<*G.O"Q. and an Increase In
Ura atutegate debt of J21,1>C.000. The ra*h In
the ireahury at the date mentioned was: Gold,
|3:'O.t, r XIO7; silver. $4W.::5.*.72; paper. In4.SSS.M2;
Umdr, minor C4iln. fractional currency, etc.,
lirt.Kl7.CCe; aggi-f-gate. 51.V42.125.2^H. The ca»h
l^lanr* Jn the treasury October 21 was 1253.
t:<i.r«o. and on Korembcr It, 5256.2K.439. show-
Hit a decreaite during the month of 53.170.100.
Kczc York Dried Fruit Market.
The New York Commercial says:
" "There were seme evidences of winter ye«
terday. and thlN apparently, had Its effect
tn the zr.arket. There was more snap to
tiualness, and the general outlook was more
encourarlnE. Large ....... hands
*ere not numerous, but Jobbers were kept busy !
CUlng order* from distributors and the malls
truurht j.letity more.
"iva^lns are unchanged, with the exception
cf a J»w grade*., which have advanced a
trlfl" under enlarK»d demand and reduced sup
lUm. Valencia* aj» In good demand, with a
1 ..:■'•■ ndvarif lni; market, due to the clean
|i.t t;, r.f Minks on hand. OallJornla lo t s»
Cl-.uscatels are firmer. The crop Is ■1 and latest ]
estimates show that the outi>ut will not ex- |
ceed H>x) «ars. A Lir^er part of the second i
rr'ip was lon on the truys through th»> rains. I
r«'.-ker« will r*>.»lve no mure this reason.
"l'runfa are unrhanc»-d. There Is a fair
demand Jor the four nr<"s. but they are dlf
ticuit to rud. and holders are firm In their
views. The bulk ct the demand at present
Is from second Jiands. tmt it is a question of
rnly a shojt time when Jobbers must replenish
rtocka. which w'.ll Increase buslnet* from first
bands materially.
"Peaches «re ou'.et. liut prices are well
malntHlred and little shading Is noted. The
supply here Is not excessive, and business
It lli..lted to rrliitively small orders. Outside
quotation* fW p^ele"! goods have advancM Id
to ::.i . wltliln ten duvs. Offerings of peeled
fruit are small and Invariably at high price*.
In one c«»-e 27c was asked an 1 another holder
demanded 3'jc fur a U>t of extra fancy goods."
Weather Report,
•:?«tr. Meridian -Pa rifle Time.)
BAN FRAXCXBCO. I*«c. 11. 5 p. m.-
The following are the eeasonal rainfall* to
C.ii*'. n> compared with those of fare* date last
•earon. aod rsJ&falls In la« 24 hour*:
L-i*t M This I-«»t
Stations — hours. beason. season.
Dnreka »I 23 84 $.M
n»"i r.iuff ?i 7 6" 2 II
fcarniinentn 00 :.w j «i
haw FT»nrlseo .. 11 *.!•« J.JS
Pr»-»no - M JttS 1.4)
lriJ«-i*ndfnro .... 0.61
Pan I.vis < 'J.l»jk> 00 $.h« 0.7J
LM Aflß^lMl «0 J. 4» 0.1»
Tan l>Jfc« . M l.a O.»€
Yuma , M O.tS 0.70
Stn FYHnc'.fco data-- Maximum temperature,
;■ minimum, M; mean, M.
(VUATIIEII CONDITIONS AND GHNERAL,
UCftlt.
The j.r«-*fur<» !i:u» fallen ■tf'adl'.y over Cali
fornia, Nevada and I'tJih. Ther* has been a
Fitiilit rife ■:.:::. r. tl..- past r« hours over
the c-aft of but • indltkMM are not
eurh .» ti» Indicate pottled weather. The tent
r-etature ha» r^en slowly over the greater por
ti n of CttJlfunjla. Jt has fallen c!l|tht:y alonr
the coa«.
Tli' followlnr maxtrrum wind velocities are
rej>orte<l: l*i>nUn<\ r« mites per hour, from
tli<» south; Sjw.ka.ne. 30 miles, from the ar.uth
«rc*t; iv.catw.n. Si mlle«, from th« north:
Fnlt l^ak». M miles, fn.tn the north. Wlnne
inurrn. SO mile*, troni the rouUiwest; Carron
t*tt>'. 36 mtl^f, from the weft.
I'"oroc«nt made at Fan Francl?co for 30 hours
endtnc midnUht I»eren.t>er 11. \Kn;
NVrthrrn ■ «*a!lfnrn!a — <"loudy unsettled
went h«r Tafto?. with lljcTit rain; brirk south
wtrt'rly wind*.
<>llfr»rnl»-01oudy Tuesday, prob
ably llr'it rain: fresh »">uth westerly winds.
Nevartu— lta'.r. Turt«lhy.
UUll Bnaw nr rain Tuesday.
ArU' na — Cloudy Tu»-»day, probably lltht
r»ln.
han Frsr.r!F<v> and vlrinlty— Cloudv unsettled
wrath^r Tu«»day. probab!y I'.fht rain; brlik
»otiti:we»it wind.
AXJSXANDER O. Me A DIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS,
Nczv York Stock Market.
NHW TORK. DM. II A perusal of the net
chnnrr* In prlre* of stocks as a result of the
day's trading will give but a faint conception
of the violent vicissitude" through which the
mnrTcrt^mmt*d~duili:K the five houia* iwi>s|-ir.
purlng the morning hours the drastic liquida
tion which was forced upon the market eaured
freat *aj>s '" Lne values of securities and the
tnarkrt tr<ok un an appearance of demoraliza
tion. The wide variations in prlres between
rule*, running ■!• high as 3 points, were evi
dence of the urgent character of the selling.
At the low point the scale of prices presented
a decidedly razeed appearance, declines In tht
Jong Hat of specialties ranging, as compared
with Saturday's clone, all the way from 1 to
21 point*, the latter In Tennessee Coal. Not- '
withstanding the day's violent fluctuations tha '
1 market cloned with tew net lo_»es t-xcet-dlng !
2 point*. The. liquidation t-eemed 10 have been !
; very thorough and l*« great Improvement In I
the tone of the market during- the latter part
of the day reflected the benefit to the health
of the speculative situation. The influences at j
work were so broad and well denned that they j
are aoon stated. One leading cause of the
weakness was the large decline made last
week, which ■ Ipai out or nearly exhausted
margins on speculative account and the call- j
In* for additional margins forced large blocks !
of storks on the market. Many were forced to !
liquidate and there wop a large contingent {
whos* hope* of an upward turn In prices had ■
become exhausted and who threw over their
holding* In disgust, determined to await a
more favorable opportunity. The news of the
heavy reverie to the British anna In South ;
Africa helped to unsettle thin market. London
bought stocks ■■■in the first hour, but this
wi« simply to cover sales made earlier in Lon
don at a better figure. The very violence of ;
the felling movement worked Its own remedy ;
and th* day was not half over when evidences j
began to appear that urgent si-eculatlve ao-
I counts had been thoroughly shaken out and the
• loan contraction ea»M to a sufficient extent to |
afford material relief. The bears were steady '
buyers for the rest of the daj 1 and there \vu« i
a sufficient contingent of. bargain-hunters on
hand to afford asulstance toward the recovery |
In prices. The character nf the Interests which
were most acutely <51 stressed was shown by
conspicuous weaknehs in the highly speculative
| Industrials. B-slde the decline of 81 point* in
Tennessee Cool there were losses of ■. to 7
points In members of the metal group. Sugar. I
Tobacco and th« New York speclnltlen. The
net loss of Tennessee Cahl and Iron for the ]
day was 14 points. In the railroads only a few •
ca?e» occurred where declines reached over 2 j
points. New Y"rk Central. Pennsylvania, a '
numl»er of the coalers. Louisville and Southern i
Pacific being conspicuous examples Kansas j
and Texas waa down near I points. The vigor- |
oub and determined aappon In Pillar waa the ;
turning point In the day's mark- Th- spec- j
I laity tpos run up In the Inte dealings 7*i [■•■lnt»
; above the low point, scoring a full recovery
j not onfy of the early decline, but of the quar- I
terly dividend which was deducted from the •
! price to-day. There was a subscijuent decline |
of :\, i inta and the stork closed 14 higher I
than Saturday. The general list c!os<»d for the I
most part firm at the recovery. Except for j
the relief afforded by the day's liquidation the
signs of tightness In the money markets of
the world were unahnted.
The weakness In bond* w.i« much le«a gen- ;
i eral anil acute than In stocks. Total sale*, par
value. J1.g90.000.
United States oM 4s and '« advanced v t In
......
NEW IRK STOCK LIST.
I Share* C<os!n«r
Sold. Sticks— HM.
4.971 Atdilfm l:%
M.SSO AtcMsrn •-M 63V.
C.7SO Baltimore A- Ohio f.4>t
100 Canndtun Paclflc 91
£21 Canada Southern 52
10.600 Chofapeake <c Ohio 3" 1 ,
7. C0 Chicago i;r. Western US '
X 3.3:» Clitrago Burlington A (julnry 12:"*
1.2W Chicago Ind & L>>ul* IT*
SOO ChICMTO !• '. & Louis it-- i 47
:■ Chicago & Kast Illinois 9Cli
1.4 D Chicago & Northwestern X.4
10.«T3 Chicago Rock Island A- Pacific 110%.
4.400 C C C 4 St L#->ul* 61
1.920 Colorado Southern \
24» Colo Southern l*t prefd 41
177 Colorado Southern 2'l .--M It i
t.?15 Itelaware •. Hudson HiVi
Mr* Delaware Lack * Western ISI
1.2*) iVnver & Hlo Grande l»i;
2.1!* Denver & Kio Orand* prefd "2>i
Trie l!' t
1.100 Erie M prffd 26
J.M7 Urea! Northern prefd 171
3'» l Hooking Coal lfi\
sr»> Horklnr Valley 32
2.C0 Illinois f>ntrai 1124
4-0 lowa Central 12\ •
lowa Central j'r»?d M
ICO Karma» City I'ittslurc & Gulf Mfc
1.700 Lik* eric * WfKtrrn 1>"»
: ••■ Lake Erie A- \\>»tfrn i -■•• I K0
Lakt Phor^ 202
14.UV) Ijoulrvill^ A Nashville RH
J4.X10 Manhattan L 101'j
i 14. 1f) M»tro;Killtan Street Uy IM4
I 1.4W Mexican Central ll 1 .
LSW Minneapolis & St Loult •»
| Mlnnea^iliii & Pt I>-ulii prr-rd *.<4Vi
I 9.SCO Ml»«rMirl I'.iclflc 40
3r«) Mobile * Ohio 4>
1.20^ MlKfourl Kansas A- Texan 11*4
3.V f «) Mlf*ouri Kanfun & Texß» prefd 3. ;
I 2.1? i »^v J#rs»y ontral l'.7'i ;
7.M» N>w tort Central 11l j
5.4W Norfolk A- Wrutfrn 2'>U
C.21» Norfolk it UVxtrrn pr^fd ft-'i
16.r.25 Northrtn Parlflc r.4'»
S.4CB Northprn I'n^tflc pr^fil 74v»
T.O 1 " 1 ) Ontario A- WWtrrn 21
Oreicon Hallway & Nay 42
Oregon Hallway & Nay prefd.. .. 76
IS.IM r»nr.?>ivanla 131
4.8C0 !.-►: ISH
lO.S^i lt»-a/llnB lut prp[.l 604
&.200 Rfadlng 2d prefd 2S>^
Rio Grande Wrutern 41
Rio Grande \V>itti«rn prefd SS
1.4 ••■ Ft Loult ft Pan Iran f>»;
710 St. I<ouls A- Fan Kran Ist pr»-fd €9
1.470 Ft Louis & Ban PVan 2d prtfd 33\
1.0«J Ft I*ouls Southwehtern 11
I.4'V) St I»ul» Southwestern prefd 25%
17.C00 bt ml 12P»
1.471 St Paul prefd IQtfc
....... St Paul 1 Ornate 117 '
C5,<2; Bouthern Pacific Z'*\
6.7'«> Southern Hallway 12^^
7.C70 Southern Hallway prefd U>\
2 129 Texas A- Pact tic 16^
2?.r:.0 Union Pacific <s\
10.245 I'nloo Pacific prefd "l>\
M 0 Wntuifli ~\
2 soft Watianh prefd 21-»
1100 \Vhec:init A L f: V"4
1.42 T. Whaling * L 13 2d prefd :■
1.220 Wlxronnln Central 1& 1 *
nxDre»» Companies—
Adams 110
American 142
127 I'nlted Stat« «
Wells Fargo 125
Mli>oeiUneou»—
1.000 American Cotton Oil 33»i
American Cotton Oil ; refd 35
I.COO American Mailing B*i
1.000 American Waiting prefd 33
I.VM Am Smelting A Refining 3.V.4
1,200 Am Smelting ft Refining pr#fd 17
American Hptrtli 24
American Spirit* prefd IT
2.W) American St- • Hoop 40\
1.209 American Pteel Hoop prefd 7S
24.4 M American Steel & Wire S3
3.4H5 American Steel A; Wire pref.l S3VI
4.7T.0 American Tin Plate 24\
I.CIO American Tin Plata prefd 7!
90.800 American Tobacco 102%
American Tobacco prefd 141
« •- Anaconda Mining Co 40
10S.1SS I • klvn Rapid Transit SO
l'.fjj Colcrndo Fuel A Inn 4S T »
22.550 Continental Ti-baf-co IT,
4 C-V) Continental Tobacco prefd ff,\\
25.2 M Federal St»el 6E>4
14,5.:2 Federal Steel prefd 77 7 i
2.CT.P General Klectrlc 123
l.€S5 »;iur.>M> Sugftr 4T»^
<"tluoo»» Sugar prefd 97
2.C20 International l'aj>er IS\
SrO International Paper prefd CCV 4
400 I*o.-!e<l«- Cm M
300 National ni*cult 34\
l» National P.lticult i>refd 91
1.050 National Lead 2«4
National Lead pre M..103
6.5*75 National Steel Svi^
l,« 70 National Steel prefd...... •„.. 90
100 New York Air Brake 140
I,4<X) North American 14%
Pacific Coast 4 •
Pacific Coaxt M preM !M
Pacific roam Id prefd 63
«.4«0 pacific Mail 41* i
1" «f.o People's Gas 107»i
I.W Pressed Pteel Car P%
200 Pre«<ie4 steel Car prefd 87
7"^ Pullman Palace Car ISS
I.OM Standard Rope & Twine 104
171.7.T1 Fuear ||
TinmT-ftiraF-iirfM-,™^,,, „. i.lH'ri
44 ■;• Tr-rne*Fee Cnal & Iron 51
4*.lW United States lather I4U
R." 4' United States ■ ither prefd 76%
SAM Tnited States Rubber 42
fritted States Rubber prefd ifif.U,
2.?Jl Wentern ITnlon 56%
6.l'R Republic Iron & Fte*»l 15s;
1.720 Republic Iron & pteel ffiii
P S S St Et T> ti-tl
1.120.100 Shares cold.
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. DECEMBER 12, 1899.
CLOSING BONDS.
l'B!i reg 102 M X & T4s M<4
U S 3b reg 109*; N y Central 1at5..112>4
U 8 3s coup Wi\ N J Cent gen 15.. .119
U S Mm it- ... 1334 N Carolina 6s 127
U S ■■«■ 4s couj*..l33U N Carolina 4s 104 .
U S M 4« reg....H3>4iN l'aciflc lets 110
U S old 4s coup...lH»» N Pacific 3s 63
V S 5s reg 112Vc . N Pacific 4s 102
v 3 69 coup n:v4 nyn y c & S L 4s..io6'i
DU of Col 3.655....11s N & W- con 45.\... UlVi
Alabama class A..1104.N & W gen 65.... 135
Alabama elms 8..1U Or Nhv lsts 10S
Alabama i-:»«« C..101 . Or Nay 4« 101
Alabama Currency.loo Or Short Line ten: 1 *
Atchlson gen 1a.... 97«4;0r ? Line con 58.114
Atehtaon adj t0.... 71 [Heading Gen 45... 85
Canada So Ms 106VR Q \v ists 97
Ches* Ohio 4U 8 ... 9; 1, B L & I M con 65..10T
Ches & Ohio 5»....115%'S L & S F 6»...154^
C & NW con 7»....143 Ist Paul consols... .1714
C & NWSF debss.l2o :S v C ftp iata...lSQ
Chicago Term to., us 8 P C & P is 121*.
J' & KG lsts 101 V So Railway 5b....107\
I) ■ X ') 4- Stand RAT 65... S3
E Tenn.V&G 15t5.. 103 Term new set 35... 95
Erie General t0.... 74 Tex & Pac lsts...lin;
F W & D C IMS. 74 Tex & Pac Ms 54
General Elec f.«....n: Union Pacific 45. ..1034
•i II & SA 6s 110 Waha*h lsts 113%,
GII& S A 2.18....105 \Vnlu>-h Ma 100
II & T C ."■» 112 V, West Shore 4s 11l
II A T C con 65. ..110 Wls Cent lsts 91H
lowa Central IsU.II2Wa Centuries Ml
X C P A '5 lsts... 69*1 Va Deferred 6
La new cons 4s. 109 IColo & Bo 4s 84
LAN Unt 4a 99*i'So Pacific 4s So}i
M X A T 2<ls 674 i
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 12 Ontario 7 76
Crown Point 15 Ophlr 75
Con Pal & Va I 70 Plymouth 06
l>eadwood 6r> Quicksilver 1 60
Gould A Curry... 13 Quicksilver prefd... 675
Hale A Norcross.. 30[Sierra Nevada 60
Homestake €5 00 j Standard I 70
Iron Silver 60 Union Con 33
Mexican M Yellow Jacket 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 91
Call leans 6©7; do prefd 115
Time leans iQt Dominion Coal 46
Stockt— | do prefd US
Atchi!«.,n 21 i Bonds—
do — ■■\ 63Vi Atchlson 4(1 96
Am Sugar 13S j Mining shares
do •-•fd 115 [Adventure 64
Hell Telephone 345 lAllouez Mln C 0.... 3
Boston ,v Albany.. 2*7 'Atlantic 20
Boston Elevated ..100 ! Boston A M0nt...25»4
Uopii.ii A Maine. .2o3 :Butta A Boston 62S
C B A Q 129>4 Calumet A Hec1a..730
Ud Eler II :os Centennial 18
Gen Klec 123*', , Franklin 154
do |i«fd 13$ Htunboidt 1
Fed ••-1 ES*4 Osceola 644
do prefd 77V Parrot 34',
M- v •' 11*4 Santa Fe Copper.. SW
Old Colony 207 Tamarack 191
Rubber 41V Wlm.nu o
Union Pac 41H Wolverines 364
Union Land 2'» Utah 31
\V|- Cent IS%
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 11.— Money on call firm,
3515 per cent: last loan. 5 per cent; ruling
rat.v K'i3l2 per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
BttC* l'*r cent. Sterling exchange. Irregular,
with. actual business In bankers' bills at $4 MV
<-a S7 for demand and at Ji M'« 4 Sl> 4 for sixty
days. Posted rates. 14 52«4 fc24 and 14 S7S.
Commercial bills. f4 R"'u4 $0«i. Sliver certlfl
cates. HMk, Bar silver. J9^c. Mexican dol
lars. 47 l »c. Government bonds, strong; rail
road bonds, weak; State bonds, steady.
c D: i nunJ for QAmcv in New Yoik.
NEW YORK, Dec. There was great de
mand for money to-day, with 15 per cent ruling
for ma early transactions. A large bank,
which has made heavy loans, marked up those
outstanding to 10 per cent and scrutinized close
ly the collateral offered (or new transactions at
higher rates. One Wall-street bank required
from 20 to 21 per cent margin, besides 10 to 16
points to spare on the stock for $100,000 loans.
Fifteen or twenty p«r rei.t for good Industrials
wen- accepted on this basis where the borrower's
name wa* satisfactory. In all $35.' ►.«.'■■> to 10.
000.0<O was called and paid off. then two or
three millions loaned at Gft'7 per cent and large
supplies then loaned down to 3 per cent. Ster
ling exchange advanced Vi per cent for demand
bills. While ■••:•■ were puzzled over the
money situation here and abroad the prediction
wait made that demand bills would rule higher
throughout the week, with no prospect, how
ever, of touching the exporting point. One ot
the largest foreign exchange houHe* reported to
day's rate as fully two cents below the figure
at which gold under present conditions could be
profitably sent abroad.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's I<ondon financial cablegram says:
The markets here were upset by the Storm
burg disaster and the money scare. Stiff rates
were expected for the carry-over in mining
share? and bankers threatened to charge 6 1 *
l«er cent for exchange lounb to-day. C'onsoU
touched 1"2.
Americana began dull on Transvaal news,
t>ecame steady till the afternoon and then broke
on New York sales, closing heavy. There was
a further shaip Wreak In the street. Th«
weakest features were Southern Pacific and
I»ulsMlIe and Nashville.
Spanish 4s were C>V»; Tlntos, 4«. Anacondas,
S'/v Failures weie talked of In the copper
market. Kgypt took £10 000 In gold and the
P.ank of England bought £29,000 In French and
• iernian coin. There was a strong demand for
money In the mine which slackened later.
Hll'a were firm and the Hank of England did
a lilg discount business nt C per cent. There
Is no exi>evtutlon of cheaper money this year.
• i.'ism-;.
LONDON. Her. 11 Omadlan Pacific, 9«;
I'nlon • . Northern I'aclrtc
'.':. <;rand Tin: .
r "liver, qulat, 27d per oun'-e.
I ' per i-ont.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW VOUK. Dec. 11 — FIXIUR— Receipts,
3fi,Wl; exi«->rts, SJ33 liarre'.s. Dull, easy, with
buyers ■nd sellers ot|lor apart, but not quot
ably lower.
WHEAT Raeelpta, 52.315; export*. 1G5.543
bushels. \\>ak; No. I red. 74 Vic r. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 78Hc f. o. b.
afloat to arrive (prompt): No. 1 hard Imiuth.
fcOc t. o. b. afloat nominal; No. 2 red. 72c ele
vator. Ortlonii — Opened ••»«> an. l unchanged.
falling Int. i positive weakness that laste.i well
Into the afternoon. Thin was prompted by
lower cable*. ueneral unloading, lack of out
side support and chiefly by an Increase of 514,-
COO bush«>l» In visible Ripply llKurr* where 1,500,
«O bu?hel» decrease had b^en »-xp"ct«»d.
Oosed weak at *i6*ic decline. The break In
rtocks also had more or less of a bearish In
fluence on grain. March, 7&o"7s\ic, closed 75c;
May. 74 7-1C«75»4c. closed 74^c; D-cember.
closed 72Vtc.
HIDES— Finn.
LEATHER Steady.
"WOO Li— Dull.
COFFEE— Futures cloyed quiet at net un
changed prices to 6 points decline. Total Mies.
13,000 Ims, Including: December, $5 95: Janu
ary, I . 6; i '.::•. March. |6 ICH£i« 15: May. !6 IMi
6 B; July. IC ir.fif. 30; September. $6 30^6 40; No
vember. $6 40«6 JO Hpot Coffee— Hlo, quiet;
mild, quiet: Cordova, 8^1240.
BT'GAR- Raw. steady: refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6300 packages. Steady:
Western creamery. B©B7c; June creamery. 223
25',c. factory 1545^20c.
KGOP— Receipts. MSI packages. Btfady.
Western ungraded at mark, lG<;22Hc.
CALIFOHNIA DRIED FRUIT.
The evaporated apple market displayed confi
dence to-day, but business was light. Offerings
were liberal and prices ruled slow. Califor
nia prunes rather easy, with holders making
concessions. Other fruits steady. -
STATE EVAPORATED AI'I'L.ES-Common
6416'ic: prime. l%©7c; choice, 7«-*l|Bc; fancy'
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3Vi©Bc per
pound, as to slxe and quality.
APRICOTS Royal. IMMXc; Moorpark. 15«is c
PBAOnCa :OA|22c; unpeeled. THlrlO?;
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 11 -Wheat opened barely
steady; May unchanged from Saturday's close
at 69"40?0c. trembled on the brink and then
tumbled over. Impelled by the downward Trea
sure of the panicky financial condition of Wall
street, an Increase In the risible and the large
world's shipments. The first slump carried
May under puts and on buying against this
privilege the market held steady at the de
cline for a while. May fluctuating betwi-en
CSHiiCSSo.for some time. The Increases In the
visible, coming on top of predictions of a
liberal decrease, precipitated considerable long
wheat into the pit. and the market sank with
out support to C9'ic for May. This option
clog«t^sc~under Saiurday^ai eSHST^JUc.
Corn was easy with evidences of important
selling, probably animated by the Wall street
security break. May closed tic down at 32»i&
S2V- ' »< .« ■•.-_;_•.' k
Cam barely held their own, a fair cash de
mand contending against depressing conditions
In the other markets with such success that
the loss was slight. - May closed a shade under
yesterday at 24c
Provisions were firm, supported by consider
able outside burin*. The Wall street weak
ness was felt to a degree, but as all offerings
were readily accepted the price did not suffer.
May p<.rk clotd unchanged from Saturday at
*1" Of,; lard. |Uc lower at $5 H. and May ribs
unchanjjed at $.'. 374.
The flaxseed market waa firm, selling from
le to f.c better. December opened at $1 4« and
cloaed at $1 49 bid. May opened at $1 40 and
cloaed at P 45.
The leading futurea ranged as followa:
Artlclrs— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. —
December - 66*4 «6* 654 *'**
May 70 70 «3* » l >i
Corn No. 8— ■ * ■%:.
December si 31 30H 20\
January 31V4 3i\i 30*; 30 s ;
May 331- 331* 22 s * 32*«
mS^:^:::::: HS £2 §8 "*
ber 22% 124 22S 22..
Kaur 24>i 24>t 23*» 24
M.ts Pork, per bbl—
January 985 9 S7H 9 MV4 9 82 Mi
May io 0714 10 10 10 06 10 05
Lard, per ICO lbs—
January D 37', I 374 635 535
May 5 37V~ 560 555 655
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 5 224 525 6 2"4 625
May 6 374 640 f. 37',» 5 37^
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat. G3^«T6sc: No. 2 red.
M>».iHCSHc: No. 2 corn 30\ic: No. 2 oats. 22 7 i(t
23: No. 2 white, 2:.'- \r. No. 3 white. I4H@
2f''<iC; No. 2 rye. MHigi3c: No. 2 barley. 37 M*. .
No. 1 Oaxseed. ji M; prime timothy seed, i! 40<3>
2 45; men pork, per bbl. JS 40«?9 90; lard, per
100 lbs. .$5 0T.«»5 32»»; short ribs sides (loose).
16 10e>6 40; dry mlted shoulders (b,>xod), 5-%f?
£'4c; short clear Mdes (Nixed). »i 4(K?5 M;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon.
ll_2_3H^sugars. rut loaf. 5.7iV-; granulated. 5-lSc.
Articles— Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels W.OU 17.000
Wheat, bushels 7J.008 80.000
Corn, bushels 234.000 16.000
Oats, bushels 234.000 156.W0
Ry«. bushels ; 000 S.OOO
Barley, bushels 66,000 16. 000
On the Produce- Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creamery. 16^2ric: dairy.
16'5?2c. Cheese, steady; ll\@l2Hc. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 2Cc.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
' 'WTieat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 5 9»; 5914
. Closing 6 94 5 9.4
m PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. -June.
| Opening is 35 19 JO
I Closing is 30 19 30
Flour-
Opening 24 15 25 30
Closing "4 23 M 25
_______
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 11.— CATTLE— Cliolce. steady.
I Others lower. Butchers' stock, canners and
feeders, steady 11 firm; good to choice, $■'• IM
I 5 70; poor to medium. $4 T.^ia -•>'■ mixed stock
em. $.If? 3 SO: selected feeders. M 20Q4 «0; good
: to choice cows. 13 75fT'4 ."ft; heifers. 13f?j; can
, nem. Jl JK>^3; bulls. $: 7.'«4 60; calves. 14*5*7 25;
; fed Texas beeves. $1 25Q5 2i; gracs Texas steers,
j S3 2Stf4 21.
HOGS— Trade active, averaged ft shad* lower.
Good clearance. Mixed and butchers'. S3 90*2
4 I.', good to choice heavy. S3 M 491 10: rough
■ heavy. S3 *'Vj3 iO; light, S3 &s({j4 074; bulk of
sales. $41; 4 05.
SHEEP— Steady: lambs active, shade higher.
Native wethers. S4fi« 75; lambs $44J5 60; West
ern wether?. «i.M M Western lambs. 15 15«T5 M.
Receipts— Cattle. 21.000; hogs, 12.000 sheep,
18,000.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Dec. 11.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain. In store and afloat. De
cember I, an complied by the New York Pro
duce Exchange. Is as follows:
Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat 56.252.000 614.000
j Corn 11.211.000 W.WO
i Oats 6.077.000 106.0C0
! Rye 1.344.»'0 19.000
; Barley 3. 093. W0 817.000
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 11.— Weakness was the
' most conspicuous feature of to-day's market for
j metals. In this rc«p«*ct tin easily led. breaking
heavily under liberal offerings, a withdrawal
,of buyers and unfavorable London cables. Pri
vate advices from the English market reported
difficulty of a speculator as the reason for the
weakness abroad. At the close the Metal Ex
change reported:
Pleiron warrants neglected.
Lake copper dull and nominal at $17.
Tin very weak at $2? UVuli.
Lead steady at St f.'Jil 75.
Spelter weak at S4 Co^4 70.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 45, and for
, copper $17617 25.
Condition of the Treasury.
'■ WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance. 5257.759.361; gold reserve.
' 5241.323.574.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 11.-ronaols. 102; silver. 27>id:
! French rentes, MM 1 -.-. Wheat cargoes off
coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on pas
sage, nominally unchanged; English country
markets, partly Cd dearer; Imports into United
Kingdom of wheat, 191.000; imports Into United
Kingdom of flour. 212.000; wheat and flour on
passage to United Kingdom. 1.S30.000; wheat
and flour on passage to Continent, 1.050.d00.
LIVERPOOL, I."c1 '."c 11— Wheat firm; wheat
, In Paris, steady. ftVur In Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 r>-16d.
CLOSING.
CORN— ■pol American mixed (old), firm. 3a
6* t d. Futures, quiet; December. 3s 7<l. Janu
ary. 3s 6\d.
WHEAT— Firm, unchanged. Futures, dull:
March, ." - .•■.! May. .'.s 9'*d.
London Wool Su'.cs.
LONDON, Dae. 11.— sixth series of the
1899 wot.! Motion sales .-1..-.. 1 to-day with a
large attendance of buyer* present. The offer
ings numbered 5312 bales and Included n good
selection of merino*, tlie Germans »<*curlnK the
bulk. The home trade absorbed crossbred* and
American buyer* w»>re active for coarse grades
an' also secured the majority of Iluenos Ayres.
The general tone to the sales was atrong. I>ur-
Inc the series 103. 0r0 Kil.-s wen? sold, of which
60.000 were for the home trade. 19.000 to the
Continent and HIM to America. Then* were
4000 bales carri»-d over. The prices realized dur
ing the series showed an average advance of
IS mr cent on scoured to 10 per cent <>n fine
(creasy merinos. 20 j.er cent on medium coarse,
25 : • - cent on nlll*'s. 15 per cent on Inferior
qualities and poor scoured 10 per cent advance
over the last series.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal stock showed
an improvement of 12' i per cent. The first series
of tNO Is scheduled to open on January 16 and
the arrivals to close January 1. The second *c.
rles will open March £> and the arrivals for this
series will el ■(••• February 26. At both sales the
quantity will be unlimited.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Deo. 11 -Clearings, $331. 157; bat
ances. $43,527.
Northern ll' heat Market.
OREGON.
PORTI^ANP. iW. 11— The week opened with
dull wheat markets all over the country and
the Portland market was In sympathy with the
distress apparent elsewhere. But few of the ex
porters were, venturing over r/ij',l.- for either
Walla Walla or Valley, but there were reports
of a cent more bains I'nld by tha mills for
heavy wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TAcriMA. Dec 11 -No change In wheat.
Club. .Vi'-..r. Bloa St. in. Die.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 S!
Sterling Exchange, night — I S7«i
Sterling Cables — i 87\
New York Exchange, sight — T l ,
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 124
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69**
Mexican Dollars — 45,4
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Tight money demoralized Wall
street, which affected the Wheat market all
over the country. This market was lower,
both on and oft call. .
All conditions at Chicago were bearish and
■ prices went down. First there was an unex
pected increase of £14,000 bushels In the visible
supply, which surprised operators. Then the
expected Government report was postponed to
the latter part of the week. Finally the Wall
street-- demoralisation — wan — •eatackMtß, — and
started heavy realizing. Liverpool was %c
lower. The world's shipment* for the w*ek
were 8,000.000 bushels. Uroomhall cabled less
perfect conditions in the Argentine, frost, hall
and locunts having damaged several districts,
though another authorlf said that the damage
was no greater than last year.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. 97V<i9S\c: milling, fl
Ql ' -'a
CALL, BOARD PALES. '
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 4000
ctls. $10*4: iooo. $ie«4: 20.000 $104: 24.« A
» W%; 30.0.0. J103*;; 4000. SI 03%: 10.000. $103',;
16.000. $103*. December. 1900—4000, $108.
Second Sewlon- May— 6ooo ctls. fl 03>4; 6000.
Jl-OSH: 20.000. JlO3.
RoKtilar Morning Session— May— MOO, $1 03;
10.000. n caw.
Afternoon fission— May— 22.ooo ctls. $1 03V4.
BARLEY— The Cambronne takes for Cork 65.-
RSS ctls. valued at 552.275.
The market continues flat, with a decline In
December.
Feed, toe for No. 1 and 60075 c for oft grades;
Brewing and shipping- grades. 85©90 c; Cheva
lier, nominal.
: I ; CALL BOARD SALES. .. . .
Informal Session— 9:ls ••clock— December— !ooo
ctls. 82c.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls. 81;4c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls.
?2c.
Afternoon May— 4ooo ctls. 78c; 2000.
77Ue; MM, "■■..■
OATS— Holders are firm, but buyers are
*carr»- and shy, hence there Is very little going
on.
White. II 10©l SO; Red. $1 074®1 20; Gray,
Jl 07V»fil 17V4: Black. 874c@Sl 074.
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at $I®l 06
per ctl. All other kinds are nominal.
RYE-Slfl 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at SI 90@2 15 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. »3 6003 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras. S3 40©3 50; Oregon
and Washington. S3 M#l GO per bbl for extra,
S3 2: 1i 2 40 for bakers' and S2 2. »'(/3 for superfine.
MiLLSTUKFK— Prices In i«ack» are as fol
lowk, usunl discount to th« trade: Graham
Flour. J125 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $:> 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50: Hominy. HIMtW; Buck
wheat Flour. $4"&4 25: Cracked Wheat. S3 75;
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). J6®7 25; In sacks, $5 7507;
I'enrl Barley. $5; Split Peaa, $5; Green Pea*.
(5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff
Hay continues excessively weak and sellers
make concessions to effect sales. Feedstuffs
continue weak, though there Is no further de
cline.
HKAN-SISSIS per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI79IB per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed . Barley. $18 50317 GO
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $:6&27; job
bing. $27 60e:s; Cocoanut Cake. *20©21; Corn
meal. 523 r.0'«24 50: Cracked Corn. $24^25; Mixed
•F»ed. SIC .*.< ft 17; rottnn*e*d Meal. $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7 5098 GO for common to good
and $9©9 50 for choice: Wheat and Oat. S7©9:
Oat. SG3O@S; Barley. %ij6M; Alfalfa, SJ@B per
ton; CompnaMd. S*@lo per ton.
STKAW— I'*r bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The ship B. F. Packard took out 2461 ctla
Beans and 2237 ctls Mustard Seed to New York.
Beans continue dull, but most kinds are
firmly held.
HEANS— Bayce. »3 2R«3 60; small White. $2 90
CT2: larKe White. 12 4O'rf2 GO: Pinks. »2 «5©2 75;
Reds, $300**0; Blackeye, $4 6004 76; Butters,
nominal: Lima. »4'»oijs; Pea, |tfj] 25; Red Kid
neys. 13 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 3fl3V4c: Yellow Mus
tard. i'cliS 1 "- Flax. 12 124; Canary. 3'» c per lb
lor California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 70
Sc; Rape. 2^030; Hemp, 4g-4bo; Timothy.
4Q4Hc
DRIED PEAS-Nlles. $1 60S1 90; Green. $1 78
02 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and J'cgctables.
The firmness In Onions continues. Sweet Po
tatoes are higher. I.os Angeles Vegetable* con
tinue to arrive freely.
POT ATOES— Early Rose. 9(V3950; River Reds.
fiO^'Oc: nurbanks, 4' •T'.c per ctl; Salinas Bur
bnnks. tiul 25; Oregon Burbanka, 60c^tl 10;
Pwe«'t I'otatoes, for River and Jl -. for
M erred.
ONIONS— Refill -'• per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Green Pea«. 6#7c per lb;
Strtn* Hear- W~e; Cabbaße, 40fjo<V:; '..« An
e;ele« Tomatoes. 75riTU 25; Ekk Plant from Lo«
Angelas, 12Wc; Cucumbers. $1; Dried Okra. 12 l»c;l »c;
per it. Garlic, 425 c; Green Pepper* from ]*>*
Anselea. 507 c; Dried Peppers. h^lOc; Carrt.tn.
Sr^HOc per sack; i/os Angeles Summer Squash.
Tic'iH per box; Marrowfat nqnaa.li. iZ" per ton;
Mushrooms, .1 lie per lb.
Poultry and Came.
Fix cars of Eastern went on the market yes
terday, a pretty jcood starter for the week,
There were no arrival* of local mock worthy of
note. Bale*. of Eastern were made at $424 M
for Hers, old and young Rooaters. J3 50 for
Fryers and $2 M for Broiler*.
Game wan in large supply again and weak.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. I4#lfc for Gob
blers an.l M#l>C for Menu: l>rei<Med Turkeys.
17©13 c; Geese, per pair. 51 7tOS; Goslings, II "a
%: , Ducks. S3 50©4 for old and It £'>•>» a £0 for
ycuns; Hens. $3IH. Young Roosters. 13 M
«4:" Old Hooters. $3 6064: Fryers. »3:.(«84;
broilers. » ?J'>H for large and $3@J 60 for small;
Pigeons. II per dozen for old and }l t.'.'o- fur
GAME— Quail. $1 7502: Mallard. $3 So®4 60;
Canvastack. 13 6004 SO; Pprlg. $2-92 50; Teal.
Will 75; Widgeon. HOI 7.".; Small Dudi II 25Q>
I W): 1 ■ ,v««. !•■•.'(.'»! per dozen; Hare. $1 25CT1 50;
Rabbits. II 75; Gray Oeene. J3;3 BO; White.
II 25{rl 50; lirant. $1 ZhtQ2 50; Honkers. |.r ( 'is;
Eiißllsh £nis»-. J2 2Vu'i 60 per dozen; Jack Snipe.
$1 £0.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter and Cheese stand the same, supplies
1 of both belnu' about equal to the demand. Kkks
an* DO lower, and some dealers report lexa
weakness, owing to the rain. They are dull,
however.
BUTTER—
Creamer}'— Fancy Creamery, Be; seconds.
n*TMc.
Dairy— Fancy, 22c; good to choice, 20j;21c,
common. 13c.
Pickled roll. 21622HC; firkin. !0«:ic; creamery
tub. 22t?24c.
Eajtern— l7fMße for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 12% c; old. 114 c:
1 Young America. 12'v'nl3c; Eastern. liHs|li>c;
Western. 13H®15c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 2.'»'u27 I ,c for common and
201jS5c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold
storage. 18fiT19c for firsts and 15c for seconds:
fre»h. 21©23 c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The market Is ov«rst<>rked with common Ap
ples, but choice are not over plentiful and
bring the top ijuotntl< ns.
Oranires continue. In liberal supply at last
week's prices. Pomelos are very dull. Grapes
were nominal, as very few came In.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 3sfiCc par box for common. 75c#Ml
for food and $1 2?.@1 50 for choice; Lady Apples.
$1 Wft P*r box.
UK.IIRIKS- Strawberries. per chest for
small and $T for large berries; Ra«pb?riie.
per chest: Cape Cod Cranberries, $Hf»
Coos Bay Cranberries, SI M per box.
Persimmons. 25fi5Oc per box.
Grapes, nominal.
Winter Pears, ' fis2 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 60Q2 50
per box; Seedlings. Jl'ul 50; Japanese Manda
rins. $!soai7t; Pomelos. ir-,:. Lemons. nj|
160 for common .ml 12«?3 £0 for good to choice-
Mexican Limes. $4^4 SO: California Limes, 250
50c; Banana*. $1 1*63 per bunch; Pineapples
Jlu2 M per dozen. .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Roisins.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. In sacks. 440 for
40-50's. 4S4lic for 50-COs. SHe for 60-70' s. 114 c
for 70-SO's. 8c for 80-90's and I^c for «M00"s.
Apricots. 11© 13c for Royals. UtfcfJKe for Moor
parks and 11 14c lor Blenheims; reaches, bO
5V4c for Standards, <K£GVic for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches. 12£&15 c; Evaporated
Apples, 7«j7*ic; Sun-dried, I#C%O per Ib. Nec
tarines. BV4©9c per Ib for red; Pear*. «Vux c for
quarters and VulOc for halves; Mark Figs. 3ff
3hc; White Figs. 4e«ic: Bleached Plums, k^'jc;
Unbleached Plums, 7C7Vsc for pitted and l^c
for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Dleached Thompson" Fancy, per
lb, 10c. choice. »c: standard. 8c; prime, 6<j; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. M»c; choice. 7Hc; standara. 6>*c.
prime, he; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
M-lb boxen. sc: 2-crown loose Muscatels, i^e;
S-crowu. 6>4c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers.
2-crown. $1 £0 per box: 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters.. $2: Dchesa. $2 5". Imperial, $3. AM
prices are f. 0. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, l#10c; Walnuts, $99e
for *tan<3ard* and JftlOc for softshell: Al
monds. HVi@l2c for paper-shell. 9^loc for soft
and 4'rtsc for hardshell; Peanuts. C%66\c for
Kastern and 6c for California; Brazil Nuts.
"HSSc: Filberts.. llV»©12c; Pecans. 10©lla;
Cocoanuts. 14 UnfZ.
HONEY— imfil2c for bright and 10V3
lie for light amber: water white extracted 7>/4
©So; light amber extracted. 6%6;7c; dark, S^c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24ff:6c per lb.
Provisions.
Prices remain unchanged, with a quiet mar
ket.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. r"io per ib for
heavy. 9Hc for light medium. 10V»c for light.
12Hc for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12Hc; California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef. 112 per bbl; extra
Mets. $13. Fair.lly, 114; extra Prime Pork. $14 50;
extra clear. 117 60: Mess. SIC &0. Smoked lieef
l44fl4Vic per Ib.
. LARD — Tierces quoted at 6Vic per Ib for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrel* pure
7%c: IMb tin?. »c: 5-lb tins. »v;c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%©7% c per It). • .
Hides, Wool. Tallow, Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 1c under quotations. Heavy salted steers.
ll>*i?l2e: medium. lOHfrllc; light. lOfllOHc'-
Cowhides. 10 llc: Sta««. T^c; Salted Kld
lOHc: Calf, lie; Dry Hides, sound. 18©l?c culls
and brands. 15c; Dry Kip and Veal, 17c; Dry
Calf; 194320 c: Sheepaklns. • yearlings. ?O<3JSc
each: short Wool. 35fi«0c each: medium. 70©90 c;
long Wool. lISI 25 each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 »©2 75 for large and $1 for small: Colts. 60c
TAI-LOW— No. 1 rendered. Sc per 1b; No. 2.
4c: refined, 6'.4c: grease. !Hc.
Fall clip. San Joaquln plains. f©loc: South
ern. JtSlOc: Middle County. 11013 c: Humboldt
and Mendoclno. lS®l7c: Eastern Oregon. i:«lV.
Valley Oregon. 17®lSc: Northern Mountain,
free. llS14e; Northern Mountain, defective. 10©
lie per Ib. perlb. *••
HOFS-6«?c D*r Ib.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There are no changes In any description.
BEEF— 7©"Ht per "> for Steers and • I >»®7c
for Cows.
VEAL— cer Ib.
MUTTON— Wether*. "c: ewes. »He per Ib.
LAMB SfiS'/ic Per lb.
I'ORK— Live Hogs. .V<4<»s\c for small. BHO
C\ic for medium and 5«:V»c for large; stock
Hogs and feeders. &V-: dressed Hogs. 701 V.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7©7Vic; Wool
Bags. 23®30c; Fruit Bags. *c. e^c and «*«e for
the three grades of white and 7V»c for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington. V* per ton: New Welling
ton. M; Southfl-1.l Wellington. 17 SO; Seattle. 17:
Bryant. *«. Coos Bay, 15; WulUend. Is: ScotcJi.
; Cumberland, |j "i In bulk and 111 25 In
«.ack.-. F-nnsy!van!a Anthracite Kgg. $13: Can
nel. $1 M per ton: Hock Springs and Castle
Gate, til 25; Coke. 113 per ton In bulk and $16
in uk.i.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. t%c: Pow
dered. BHc: Candy Granulated 6c; Dry Granu
lated. 4%c: Confectioners' A. 4*ic: California A.
: Magnolia A. 4^c. Extra C. 4Sc: Golden
C. 4V»c; barrels. l-16c more ;• half-barrels, He
more: boxes. He more; 50- Ib bags. He more.
No order taken for le*s than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes. half-barrels. 5Hc.
box- I*.1 *. 6Tic t»r Ib.
SALMON— Shipment of eO.S<>2 cases and 1600
barrels to New York by rail.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. DECEMBER 11.
Flour, qr sks.... 14.644, 5ugar, ska I.l*o
Wheat, ctla 2.290 Sugar, bbls IST
Barley, ctl» Mm-, bbls It 3
Corn. East. ctls.. COO, Hay, tons 140
Rye. ctls 420 Hops, bales 261
Chee»e, ctla 43 Wool, bags II
Butter, ctls 11» Pelts, bdls 120
Tallow, ctls 243; Hides. No 166
Beans, ales 4.0*1 Leather, r0115.... (7
Pntato««, ska 4,786 Quicksilver, flska 35
Bhorts, nka 25 Kkb-. dox 6.540
Onions, tks CIS Wine, gals W.SW
Bran, sks S'jO Kalsln«, bxs 100
Middlings, ska... 2SO Powder, car 1
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska.... IK
THE STOCK MARKET.
i Kr-rurlU** were dull on the morning session
and the only change waa an advance in Gas A
Electric to JJr.«.. r .«.
In the afternoon Gas & Electric declined to
%U> and 'Vt-anle advanced to %3i.
The • 1 1 1 stocks were quiet with few change*.
The ('hollar Mining Company la assessed 10
cents.
Dividend No. 8 of 10 cents) per shar«, by the
Oakland. San Leandro and Haywards Electric
Hallway, consolidated, has been declared, pay
able on the Uth.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Dec. 11— II m.
U 6 Dongs— • Mia ig>
4s quar coup.. — — lEfjult G L Co. t'» t\
4a o,uar reg v .. — — I Mutual El Co. 14 H\
4s <juar new... — — O<!L, A 11.... 424 —
la quar coup...l0? l ;il0 Pac Qaa Imp.. — (7
Miscellaneous — | f»o Light «_u. *•)'■*, —
! Cal-st Cab 55. .1174 — sF•; * .... C 5 —
C C Wat — — ran Franctiico. 34 l\
Lii L A I' i>».l3U — | Stockton Uas.. 12 —
F & Cl Ry b5.115 — Insurance—
Geary-st X 5». — 95 FlrenVa Fund. 2224 —
ti. C A S 64>- 112 — Hank Htock»-
Do 6h 1C« — Antlo-Cal « —
L A Ky 6a — 10« Punk of CaJ...400 406
L A LCo Cs.. M — 'Cal ■D & T.. — 974
Do gntd «•..!*» — I First Nation!.. Z'J)' ,
Do gntd Bs.. — 101 JLon P& A 131 IK4
LA & P R-ss.lCl»i — Merchnts' Ex. — i,
Markct-st 6a... 123 131 Nev Nut 8k... — lj;^
do Ist M. - :K 1174 Savings iJanxs—
NCN Glt 7s.HI - Ger 8 A L....1740 —
Nlt Of Cal 6s. US 113 Hum Bft U. . . low UN
NII of Cal 15. 1134 — Mat Say 11k... 3$ 46
Nl'C Xlt Cs.lDl'i — » X tiav V... iuO —
Nl'Clt It r».u;\ — Eav Si L. So.. — »a
N Cal It It 6all» — bee &ay ilk... — U«
U G L i II :».li>T4 — I Union T C 0. ..1490 144«
Oak Tran 65.. — 113 I street luilroads—
x.ik \V Co .108 — California — 1U
Ocean S 8 St.. - 110 >.r j> SO -
Om CKy 65. .126 12» Market-at 63 «z%
VftCl Ry 6«..1O» — Oak M L. *H. - •«
i-k A o ity «is.U6 — Prenldlo 1$ j;i, !
Powell-st It (s — 123 Powder—
Bac El G AKit — - California 165 —
bF & N V 55.115 11IV4 ■ Dynamite... 15 —
BF* fl JVta.lttH — Giant Con Co. M\» »l ,
hKy of Cal »o.lu>^ — V'lKorlt 3 I^ I
SPof A «*.... 113 — hUKar—
8P C 6s(IJCS). — 1U Hana 1' C 0.... S>i 14
b*• C i>.-iiiv».|.nt — Haw C .*■ •Co 92S —
b P C 6H.r.<12».11»14 — Honokaa B Co. 32S —
SPCIs eg am. — — Hutch S P Co. 2«i\ —
6}>Hr 6a 124 123 Kllauea S Co.. 20 M
S V Wat «».... — ,114', Makawelt S Co «4 44
£ V Wat 4s 103 - iOnomea S Co. O\ 14U
S V W4s(3dm).lO^;iol JPaauhau 8 Co. 314 324
tcktcn Gas m. — — 1 Aiikcelikneous—
Water Stocks— >A 1 Park Assn. 117*4 USVi
Contra Costa.. TBS"* Mer Xi Asia.. — .»,
Mann County.. mi — Oceanic 8 Co.. s;*» it
Spring Valley. 96 — 1 i'h a X A.... 1H —
Gas and Etectrlo— Pac C Bor Co. 1424145
Cent Gas C 0... — — l'«r l'aiiu Co.. «-, —
Cent L * 1 .... :■>« — I
Morning Session.
Board—
10 California Safe Deposit »7
120 Contra Coma Water 7« 00
'jf> Contra Costa Water "» 874
6Hut«hlnr . -P Co M6O ,
t;. Mutual Electric Light 14 00 ,
35 Oceanic S8 Co 97 60 !
bo S F Gas A Electric Co 54 00 [
Street—
$4000 Oceanic S 8 bonds 109 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
s'. Alaska Packers' Asan m CO
IPO liana Plantation Co t 60
M Hana Plantation Co 8 374
100 Honnkaa 32 50
101 Hutrhlnson 8 P Co a ;.j
ISO Makaweli Sugar Co 44 00
65 Oceanic S 8 Co to (4
20 8 <■• Gaj A Electric Co i 5 75
120 8 F Gas A Electric Co, s SO 50 00
10 S F Dm i Electric Co 55 25
1" S F Gas A Electric Co, a 30 >-, 124
2f. S F Ga« A Electric Co 55 12V,
'jO ri»c Valley Water »5 CO
Street—
100 table Gas 860 j
BAN FRANCISCO FTOCK AND EXCHANGE !
BOA HI
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Park*™ Association 117 CO
SO Hutrhlnson Sugar Co X 10
2& Hnnokaa ■— Co 3; ;j
20 Oceanic B • C • »7 >
10 Oceanic S S Co j; 23
20 S F Gas ft Kle.-trle Co Si 114
10 8 V Oaa & Electric Co tj 25
Afternoon Session.
Board— 1
10 Alatka Packers' Association 117 JO
10 Contra Coxta Water 76 CO 1
2W iltable flan r, (24
33 Oakland <»as 44 174
2:<» Mutual Electric Co 14 00
£0 Hutchlnson suirnr Co 28 so
20 Oceanic I I Co 97 M
20 Oceanic S 8 Co 9; G2V4
M S F das & Electric Co M 00
THE CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Briftrd—
100 Tidal Wave ; 13
Id Tidal Wave 1 . 5 20
100 Barker Ranch 1 15 '
100 Barker Ranch 120
100 Century Oil Co .\ ICO
200 Century Oil Co 1 05
3rt) Century Oil Co 1 10
100 Anaconda Oil Co 1 r ,
200 Anaconda "Oil Co 120
200 "Yukon Crude OH 2 00
700 Yukon Crude Oil ; 05
Street—
ICO Yukon 2 06
•PRODUCERS* OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Suasion.
Board—
100 Caribou ; 1 m
13TO Dominion 40
3(0 Dominion 45
l-10th Home OH "(KM
100 Petroleum Center 45
Afternoon Session.
Board—
IJOO Dominion in
350 minion " " 5
1-lCth Home Oil ""i«\ tin'
10 Parkfleld ::::: iS CO
MIXING STOCKS.
The following were the nal«a m the an Fran
elsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlntc Session.
52! Belcher T ; 24f IPO Hale & Nor •»*
700 Pest A Belcher 40 100 Mexican «
5" Caledonia 56 100 Mexican '.'.'."" ii
t.allenne IS m (Wjrlental
4!ar 14 W, I( *|r " "
EOO f!on Cal * Va.l 80 100 Pntofl £
n Cal & Va..l <S 2fw> Sav« r . tl
100 Gould * Curry. 18, 300 Yellow Jacket' 15
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 211' W) Uould & Cnm 1.
100 INti Belcher 33 200 Mexican T?.~* %
200 Caledonia 471 200 Ophlr : »
100 Caledonia 4S 200 Overrna'n ??
lOOChollar 14 3CO Sierra N>;: d "-JJ
100 Con Cal & Va..X 75 400 Utah r<erad *- "
100 Crown rotnt... 17 ° 7
AUCTION SALES ,
THIRD ANNUAL SALE
fcfc 0F £*
J|) THOROUGHBRED
H-U YEARLINGS
(Without Reserve) From th«»
NAPA STOCK FARM,
A nf EPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Constating of the finest looking an*l best bred
sons and daughters of Eolo, Crlzhton. Gen
Miles. Idallum. Purycar D and '1 ; - r.: •• ■,»
of the dams of Bamboutla. Canace. Zlika
Champion Hose, Watoisa. Ptdalla. Alumlnirr.'
Catulus. Devereux. Pumplno. M >ana. Seven*'
Grotto. Alexis. Zlnfanrlel. Lltt'e T O. TObe<
rose. Oakwood. etc The cr.inii^t br'ei rucn
mares In California are r-. ■■ ■ \tn ' ,
the largest «ale of yearling* ey» r h»!d nr\ lh<»
Pacific Coast. All are thorousMy broken but
positively untried.
SALE TAKES PI-AfT;
THURSDAY EVENING DECQtBCR 14th
At 7:45. In Pavilion. Electric Light.
OCCIDENTAL HiKSt IXCHANGE
7*l Howard ST.. near Third.
Horses at Exchanre Momiay. I'at.ii «s.-,
ready IVM. G. LAYNO, Proi>r.»tar
F. W. COVEY will officiate as auctioneer
Seats reserved. •
I. MIL COMN. AUCTIONEER.
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY . DE''KMPKR. 12 l«"n
AT 747 (AFT ST.. NR. TWEXTT-BEOONt)
1 will sell
ALL THE ELEGANT OAK FUP.MSIUNOS
A FLAT OF SEVEN ROOMS.
NOTE— This sale la well wnrth attending, as
the goods have only been tn use for from two • ,
three months and are almost the same as new,
being clean and In excellent condition.
EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
The following were th» sales In the Pactf.e
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morrlr.K Session.
*V) Andes 13 lien Oould A Curry H
200 ■■•her £ 200 Hale a Nor..
6U) Belcher 21' COO Mexican «•
3"0 Belcher 20 CO Occidental 13
•00 Best A Belcher 42 Jinn Ophir
tOO Best A Itelrner 111 400 Ophlr '.
JOO Best A Belcher 40: 2(»J dvrrmtn ;:
400 Bent A Belcher 70 4<V) Potosl ::
ISO Caledonia - .'3 GOO Potosl Ti
too Caledonia Si Zon Savage 11
SCO Caledonia ... CO . 2<X> Hlerra Nevada. V.
&00 Caledonia M MA Union Coa XX
600 Chollar 1« 400 I'jilon Con TZ
12S0C •• A Vi . . : 77V W0 'tan «i 7
1400 CCA Va....X «■»' aoo Yellow Jacket. V,
(CO C C A Va.. li, SO Yellow Jacket, t:
400 Crown Point... 17 1000 Carter's OMC i>
400 Crown Point... 1«" ICO Carter's U M C J;
SCO Gould A Curry. It
Afternoon Session.
*» B*lcher SI > SOO Crown Point... 17
200 Best A Belcher S3 *"« Oould A Curry. O
Cdl Caledonia . 47 l«n Justice C<t
too Cal«<l»nta 43 »<») Mexican 43
COO Challenge Con. IT M Mexican «
400 Cll . i- 14 «i»i Mexican . .. 4!
600 C C A Va....l 77V KM Ravage n
700 C C A Va 1 %> 400 Yellow Jacket. 13
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, t>ec. 11-4 pm.
Tlil A -k B!d.A*k.
Alpha 03 M Kentuck ul 03
Alta <■•. '••• !.«■:> Wash.... — M
Andes 11 13 Mexican 41 42
lk<lcher 21 Zi Occidental ..... 14 14
Hen A Belcher 40 41 Ophlr 94 J5
Bullion 03 04 Overman W 14
Caledonia 4* CO Potnal 21 Zi
(.•hollar 14 13 Savage €3 M
Challenge Con. 18 11 Scorpion «2 -
Confidence — «■» Seg Belcher.... — tZ
CCA Va. 1W 1 W Sierra Nevada. S3 Ci
Con Imperial., m C3- Silver lli:i Oft »17
Crown Point... 17 1* ft Lou la — i 1
Exchequer (Z f 3 Standard —2 sj
Oould A Curry. 14 18 Syndicate — C 3
Halo A N0t.... » M Union Con 12 S3
Julia — M Utah 07 «•
Justice C 307 Yellow Jacket. 14 U
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrorraphlc Ofrtce, U. B. N . Mer
chants' Exchange. Ban Francisco, Cal..
December 11. ll».
Th« tlm» ball on the tower r,( th» new Ferry
butldlns; was dropped at exactly nnnn to-day—
1. •• . at noon of th« 120 th meridian, tr at I
o'clock P. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. V. S. N.. In chnrge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geotletie Surv.»
Times and Heights of High and Low
Water* at Fort P.. lnt. entrance to ban
Francisco Hay Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Th« high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlsalon-street wharf) about
t»»r.ty-nv# minutes later than at Fort Point;
th« height of tide Is the name at both places.
TT! iER U.
Sun rises 7:11
Sun sets « "i
Moon vets 3:41 a. m.
-
n ITIm» Tim- ITimei •:.#,
p ) 1 Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. ! ! Ft.
• i. Wf H W [l. W| II W|
13 ... O.» — 1.7 7:15 1.l 2:06 0.1 «:4O t.2
13 ... I.W 2.2 7 M «.4 ! -0 i t:4( 4.3
14 ... .17 2.5 111— «. l 3:SO-O.» 13:11 4.4
15... 3:03 2.7 »:22i— C.« 4:K — 1.1 11. 34, 4.C
t< ... a:.: 2.» 10:0«— s:i»-i i 1
I! ■•>. i. v H W L W
17 ... ©:2i— 4.7 4:41 S.O 11:61 «.! | : oo'_i.t
II ... 1:N 4.1 1:11 1.1 11 V «.l « 1 . 0 »
NOTE— In th« above exposition of th« tide*
the early mt.rnin« tides are «lv»n In th« left
hand column and the successive tld«a of th«
<J»y In the order of occurrence as to time. Th<»
•rconJ time column (riven the second tide uf
the day, th* third time column th« third tide
and the last or right hand column s;tvea the
Ust tide of the day. except wh-n there ii but
thrre tidf-s, as som*tlmes occurs. The height*
«lven are In addition to the sounding* on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth riven by the charts. The plane of
reference It the mean of the lower low water*.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVK.
o
.•»
DIWIW4-I VfViU. l> ,m
______ r '
Albion Tlllamook rvc. X
Aloha |Ttiiaai i tVc. 12
Quern Victoria _■ Pugrt Sound !>«■-. v
lYa*ht»naw — Tito. ma ,Dk. 11
Pomona Humbnldt 1 >«•■-. 13
\'t |— M '— jTarrma Iw. ; :
r.-ltu* '..^.[Departure nay ~iD»t. 13
rtobt. Adam»on.!Nanalmo.. n*e. \x
K— i^r* .[Coo« ruy I*c. 13
Homir '■'"■>» Hay , p*c. U
Arcata ICoos Hay p.-.- 13
A. Blanch«rd...|CcK)« Hay IVc. 13
Santa Hue* |San Dtfico _ \<* •. 14
K. Thomp«on...il>»partur« Bay IfVc. tl
Miami Seattle !>«•,• . h
Point Arrna.... Point 'n» li<.c. it
Sewburg Orayn Hartx r Dte< 14
North Fork liumhol.lt I'-r. 1;
Bamoa Ilunil-Mt D«c. 15
Marlpoaa Sydney D«e. U
rhyra China and Japan I*e. r.
Newsboy Orayi Harbor I)«c. IS
Crescent Clty...[Cre«cent City v*e. V>
Columbia t'ortland !>.-<-. h
"oon Hay IN'ewport ]D*c. 13
Willamette ....'P»att!»« iv v ». v
Bristol |I*parture TUy 'ivr. i<s
Aberdeen ... iPortland li+c. 17
AUlanc* !Orrrr>n Torts D»p IT
Mackinaw Seattle ; \y^\ t;
Walla Walla... Victoria A Pui Sountl I*«>c. \*
Corona (San Dle^o ',I»»cl H
rr«vjulll» niv»r..;Orays Harhnr IrVe. 19
Alsoa IChlna and Japan. .-. !»*r! 11
Rtat«> of Cal....|Portland .:. p# ff »t
TO SAIL
Steamer. | Destination. I -.., l.Pler. *
L'matlil* . (vie * Pitt Sd.lDec. 12, 10 amjpler ~»
L'oron*. San Dl»*o.. Dec. X.41 nmlPl-r 11
Albion Tlllamook Dec. i;, a pnv.Pier *
Coptic , China* Japan Dee. It. : prnIPMS.H
Australia .. Honolulu Dec. 13. lpm\V\rr 7
State of C»l Portland D*c. I*. 10 amiPirr :•
» nitn Newport Dec. 11.- JamWril
Covta Rica. Cen. America. I>ec. •i . (PM.-s^
Arcata Coi« Bay Irvr. 14, 11 i,^ ,p .'. • 11
Homer . . . Oregon Port*. I)ec. n, liara'Pler ZJ
Pomona ... Humbo!dt !Dec. I*».* 8 pm^Pler J
N'ewburß .. Orayii Harbor] Dec. 1«. 5 ptn 1
tutu Uo*a. San Dl*ro Dec. H. 11 amlpier i'\
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 1«. J pm'Pier 2
Queen Vie * I'Kt B<l. Dec. 17. 1» am Pier <
** m ™ i „•",•• Hamboldt . Dec. i: 10am[Pler n
North Fork. Hutu! Dec. H |
Coo« nay... (Newport. Dec. l.«. »am PtVr 11
Kan Jaw.... Panama .. I>ec. M^M miPM?.-'
rnlumhla .. Portland lp»c. IJ. 13 am' Pier *l
Shipping Intelligence.
♦ rr — —- 0
Jr-$ „ ARRIVED.
Monday. Pecemtvr II
Stmr State of California. Gage. 433.3 hour*
from Portland, via Astoria S3 hour*.
Continued on Pajje Eleven.LOCAL THEATERS.
BIG SCHEME
OF A LOCAL
IMPRESARIO
Patrizi Returns With
Many Surprises.
TREAT FOR MUSIC LOVERS
♦- —
Btock Company to Support Foreign
Talent, Making Grand Opera
Possible at a Compara
tively Small Outlay.
Ettoel Patrirl. who left this city for
Italy last July with aspirations to become
an impresario, has returned with all hU
fondest hopes fulfilled and bringing a
liudpft of fcootl thing* In the musical Hue,
all booked tor Fan Francisco.' In th« first
place. Mr. Patrizl ha» been appointed sj>e
otn! rf prp*entatlve In San Francisco of
ell the noted musical composers that aro
represented In Italy by Sonzogno. Pat«
riris duties as coast representative of
Mascagnl. Giordano ami Leoncavallo will
be to apprise these famous ■■;.>-. r»
each time one of their compositions Is
beard on t'te const an.l in their names ccl
lert the royalties due them.
When Patrirl left here his scheme was
to bring to Morosco nil the latest musical
composition*, have them put on here, em-
X>Joyln(t for that purj >o *e only foreign piin
clpals. The orchestra and chorus were to
rave hern Morocco's own. thereby mak
ing it possible to produce grand opera In
a way to tain the approval of the most
critical sir.d at a nominal expense.
Thus fur the local impresario has ac
complished everything he undertook to do.
Artists inj composers have sicned and it
only remains for Morosco to definitely
decide to continue the Grand Opera
house at« a lemrJe of music for all nego
tiations to l»e completed. The only hitch
t-.x present is the possibility of the man
ager of the Mission Mre«>t house return
ing to his first love — melodrama. Grau Is
to rime out with Calve in February. Af
ter that it is undecided whether music
cr the plrtorlal drama will hold the Mts-
Flon etre«t Matre.
MnrosoVp desertion of music, however,
<3oe» not m*-an the abandonment of the
Patrizl nlsns. Other manager* are In lac
X'.Hil blowing for the local man's attrac
tions. On Patrizr* hooks are the woiks
of the comjHisers for whom he has b*tn
:•..,.'.- coast representative and the older
enmposors ar. well. The operas to b* pio
duced will Include "Amico Fritz." "Iris."
•Rantznu." "Andrea Chenier." "Fedora"
and Puccini's "La Tosca." which will re
ceive itR ui.tlnl production in Rome on the
3'th of January. ISKfI.
Tlie artists thus far engaged Include
Valllni for leader and Augustlna Mont
finarl, mezzo soprano. The choice of
lyric soprano rests between Repetto, Tor-
MUa and Tetrazzlni. Repetto was out
here with the ill-fated Lomhardis, while
the other two divas are among the lend
ing favorlt«s in musical Italy. Another
preat card vocure.i by ■ trial Ik the book-
Ing of Sontopno. who will bring out Mas
rarnl. Giordan! and I^eoncavallo. On me
Mights the operas of these great com
posers are glv.n they will take the baton
and themschrs. respectively, lead the or
chestra. This w.moerful trio will not
mmc out before the end of next year
They will tr>ur the Inlted States previous
to coming to this city.
Patrlzl> wason will begin some time
In i-ebruar>' and continue each year for
a period of twelve weeks.
Grand Opera-House.
At the Grand they have revived "The
.■;..t:;. sof Xormandy" Ills week. This
means, of course, crowded houses, for It
cannot be gainsaid that this opera, with
its bright sparks of good music, forms
r<al!y the very best production presented
at that place. William Wolff, with his
F-joi-.-Fsful adaptability to strong dramatic
situations, has never shown any better
rr-a.*"n for b<-Ing called an actor than by
his Impersonation of old Gaspard. nor has
Hattle B«-lle Ladd ever achieved greater
njrcess than In her conception of Ger
malne. Thomas H. Terßse's lyric tenor
lia.« regained Its timbre and clearness and
hl» majiv admirers are not backward In
manifesting their sincere delight over
this happy circumstance. Ethel Strachan
Is once more given a chance to glimmer
.. little beside the greater stars and once
more phe does credit to her role. She de
pervrs to l>e encouraged. Naturally Edith
Mnsr>r. is right In her element when en
trusted with a pouhrette part.
ALFRED METZGER.
Tivoli.
rtmin was the gTeater part
?he Tivoli last night. As
Tut Tartar" he was
•g. and the audience man
: • -.'.cht's perform
•
Alhsznbra.
Richards &• Piingle's famous Georgia
minstrels k^pt ■ big audience In an up
roar of laughter and applause for two
hours and a half last night at the Alham
bra The programme announcement of
"hunches of merriment from the spark
ling trre of comody" Is all right In Its
way. • yen If the metaphor Is open to criti
cism. Th*» songs were catchy and full of
the renulne negro melody and were ren
dered In a faultless manner. James
Crosby and Julius Glenn. Introduced by
the Interlocutor as "the premier come
dians." proved -heir claim to the title.
Olvropia.
The Olytnpla management last night
nref»e>ntfd an unusu . I MIL The
■v !,n are advertised at.
gave nulte a nensa
ad" W!l?on is still »n the
The whole performance was well re-
iff ~^jg#
\i Imperial 1|
<B]V The new soluble I^WT A
i'jl COCOA |i|
\m "It beats the Dutch." J^r
'f A Anothf American triumph! An KB I jew
I^\ M improvement over the finest MSafjfßF
k European products. At Jk wt/JK^
Em ss£!rt At my*
v9k k 30c. Jk m/Bt
******* • wax***-
WARDE IN "THE
LION'S MOUTH"
AT COLUMBIA
Popular Tragedian Is
Warmly Received.
"CHIMES OF NORMANDY"
Ferris Hartman Triumphant at the
Tivoli— "Fatal Card" at the
California— The Alhambra
Presents Colored Fun.
There Is a chance for enlightenment In
"The Lion's Mouth." That Is no small
recommendation. Frederick Ward© open
ed In that plat at the Columbia last night
and was warmly greeted. There were
curtain call* and then there wan a speech
—a cut and dried speech. It Is true— with a
covert compliment to Ban Francisco's su
perior taste; and although the play Is old
It was not impolitic of Mr Ward© to
open In it. for It has merits of Its own
and affords an opportunity to show the
merits of the company. .
The production of such plays should be
encouraged, for while It Is not great nor
convincing. It Is In much better taste than
most of the dramas that aro being offered
to us of late.
Henry Guy Cnrleton Is a dramatist of
esthetic discretion and we should be
grateful Indeed for his literacy and sense
Of fitness. His sensibility to literate art.
the grace and force of his phrasing, has
an educational value and afford a pabu- ;
lum for the public that Is not to be de
fplsed. It were well for any one to »cc
"The Icon's Mouth." wherein one may
find a conscientious corrective for the
banalities of the common drama. The uu
thor has written with a poetic sense of
verbal fitness and does not. even In his
ultra romantic moments, become over-tur-
Md nor lose the key of dignified dialogue.
It Is sometimes a matter for wonder that
In the many good passages of the play he
does not fall from the standard of liter
ary excellence. It Is also a matter of
satisfaction.
I am not an admirer of trie conscien
tious Warde. but Ms foibles do not dis
tress on»« In this part of Rlnaldo. True,
there Is still the Insensate emphasis, and. ,
what Is worse, the studied gestures that
flow from him as waves from the prow
of a ferry-boat. My word for it. Mr.
Ward*-, your gestures are too serpentine.
I will allow that you have trained your
self in this phase of dramatic expression
most diligently, but. in the parlance of i
the pug, you are "overtrained."
Minnie Tittle Brune, who supports, gives
a girlish impersonation of Marcella with
flashes of force. 1 think she Is an actress
to be reckoned with within the sphere of
her physical limitations. The company
Is remarkable In its avoidance of In
eptitude.- all of the poles are acceptably
assumed and some show distinct merit.
I woul<J instance particularly Frank
Hcnnig as Marco, who In the second act
Is entrusted with an opportunity to read
well his good lines, a feat which he ac
complishes with much credit to himself.
Charles Herman as Fra Angelo is a
patent apostle of W*rd*. and. within the
j lines of that actor's style, acts well. The
! atmosphere of . romance Is fairly con- 1
served without the aid of transitive emo
tion, and. from first to last, one doe* not
take the trouble to be bored.
PORTER GARXETT.
Orpbeum.
Hamilton Hill, the great Australian
barytone; Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Milton
Hoyle. Camilla TVArvllle and George Ful
ler Golden are among the stars the Orph- !
cum has to offer its patrons this week,
any one of which alone ought to more !
than carry a first-class vandevllle show. \
Hill is a newcomer, but It did not take
the audience long to discover the fact that
an artist of no mean ability was before
them. Even before he came to the refrain
of his first selection there was a com
; forting and hearty demand for more, and
the clear, true barytone notes answered
the call cheerfully and many times.
The playlet the Royles offer. "The High
ball Family," has been seen at the Orph
eum before. It Is a farce with a "truly"
plot, snugly and coherently written and ■
In the hands of its author and interpreter
can stand several repetitions.
California.
"The Nine of Spades" was the fatal
card that gives title to a melodrama of
the glaring kind, albeit not badly written,
but yellow enough to pet an old Morosco
audience on fire But It was not a Mo
rosco audience that attended the Califor
nia last night. There was some of the
Nob Hill flavor about it. and the "young
men in the gallery didn't whistle and veil
in the good old-fashioned way, but they
clapped their hands In harmony with the
loge and the dress circle at the good
points that were made.
Chutes.
Major Mite followed his imitation of
Cornllle by singing nn English effusion.
"And His Little Wife Was With Him All
the Tim*." at the Chutes Theater last
night. Fred and Amy Gottlob, Dutch
comedians: "Senator" Hamden, a colored
monologlst, and Walsh, an aerial contor
tionist, were new and all made hits. Ad
gle and her lions. Frank Hal', subduing
Wallace; Rita Winfleld. the violinist, ana
moving pictures completed an interesting
programme.
Alcazar.
The attendance at the Alcazar Theater
last night was not as large as usual, ow
ing, possibly, to the inclemency of the
. r "Mother Earth" was put on In
good style, but the curtain raiser, "t'p to
Watklns." mas somewhat of a disappoint
ment, but will probnbly run smoother
later on. The second act of "Mother
Earth" Is open to pome criticism, and
until It is retouched it will not meet with
the sure**? whlrh It deserves.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 18*9.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
TWO HUNDRED
DOLLARS FROM
YELLOW CARS
Proceeds for the Day
of Transit Company.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Bruadwai'. Dec. 11.
The Ebell Society's fund for the library
site grows aa the days go by. It has
reached the $18,000 mark and there ire
still sevpral day* In which to collect the
remaining nmount.
It 1b i-xpocted that the Library nigh: at
the Firm Presbyterian Church on Thurs
day evening will not only bring the fund
up to Us *ull amount, but will even leave
a surplus, which can b« applied for the
furnishing of the building.
The ladies have agreed to dcuble the
', children's fund 'and give that amount
! toward the furnishing of the building, a.id
If anything is left over and above »he
I J20.0U0 necessary for the purchase of the
' site that will also go for that ouject.
Library right Is depended upon as a
great feature of this move. There will be
i music of the best, for there is much vol
j unteer talent to select from, and addresses
upon the object which It Is desired to
i reach. If this does not complete the fund
| and leave a surplus It will fall upon 'he
city of Oakland and not the ladies of the
Ebell society, who have given their tine
; and labor to this end.
No very large* donations wore received
to-day except from the Oakland Transit
Company, which turned over $200 to the
i ladles as the 15 per cent of the gross mi
i come of the roads upon Saturday last.
Rev. B. Fay Mills of the Unitarian
, church, not content with alone preaching
In support of the ladles, to-day sent Jlu
toward the fund.
The Carpenters' Union of the Brotlur
i hood of Carpenters has officially notified
the Ebell through Mrs. S. C. Borland that
, they would give the last $25 needed to
complete the fund.
The Teachers' Club of Oakland sent $20
to-day rind many local organizations are
doing the same.
Police Captain W. J. Peterson has un
dertaken to raise a fund among the mem
bers of the Police Department. Nearly
all of the members have donated s< ms
ranging from 50 cents to $2 if and only a
few have refused to give to the fund. he
list Is not yet quite complete, but it Is
expected that every member will finally
contribute.
The donations to-day were as follows:
—Previously acknowledged. $2*oo 26;
Mm. Burpee. $2 M; Ha*»l Burp**. $1; Stanley
Burpee, 11. Emll Burpee. $1; Carpenters 1 Union.
$25.
Children's list— Previously acknowledged.
$101 10; Fred Nielsen. 25 cent»: Kmll Nielsen.
IS cents: Wal>t»m«n Nielsen. 25 cents; from a
baby friend, 1 cent; Maud K. Robbing. $1;
l<aura Bartchell, 15 cents; Vera Cope, M cents;
Warner Cope. £0 cents; Ruth A. Allen. $1;
Alexander Krey. 50 cents.
To-day's each receipts— Previously acknowl
edged. lIO.SDO 05: a friend. f0 cents; '■ friend. 25
cents; Mrs. B. O. Smythe. $5; a friend. $2 50; a
friend. $1. Mrs. M. C. Smith. $2; Fred Kuhnle.
$5; Mm W. I*. Calkins. $5; Mrs. J. 11. Trem
bly. $10; E. P. Taylor. $10: Mr- H. Nanh. $5:
Mrs. nurpee, |1; Mrs. F. F. Harbour. $1; Peter
Cook. $1: a friend. 16. Garneld School. $14;
Mr*. W. T. Hamilton. $$: O. H. T. $1; 3. A
Murray. 11. cash. CO cents; Mrs. Henry 'Wads
worth. $10; Mm. A. A. Moore. $10; IT C. L.
Qoddard. $200; Mlb* Mary K. de Belle, $1:
. I.oul-«e Hedstom. M cents; California Fruit Pre
serving Company. 125. Mrs. Frank Freeman.
$1; Captain F.mll H. Nlelson. 25 cents; Dr. T.
C. Coxhead. $5; Mrs. M. C. Denham. I".. Klch
i ard Abbey. I. J. 11. Dinjrwell, $S: Captain L
F. Burnet, U. S. A (retired), of Pasadena, $2;
Oakland Transit Company, 15 per cent of Sat
j urday's receipts, $200: Mm. M E. Horr. ■;
James Greaves. $1: F. W. Shut*. $25; J. P.
Ames. I?: Mr*. .T. P. Ames. $10; E. A. Younf.
15; Mrs Hill. (5; Benjamin Fay Mills, $10; J.
H. Ames, $10.
CITY SHOULD OWN
TELEPHONE SERVICE
THE CENTRAL IMPROVEMENT
CLUB'S DENUNCIATION.
Mayor Phelan Advocates Cultivation
of the Beautiful in San Fran
cisco.
Th* ranks of the "Western Addition Im
provement Club were recruited by repre
sentatives of thirty other city civic and
Improvement organizations, when Chair
man N. B. Greenfelder called the special
"missionary" meeting to order In Frank
lin Hail. Killmore am! Hush, last evening.
The united clubs met under the title of
the Central Club of Civic Improvement
Organizations, and the first business
transacted by It was to pass on resolu
tions opposing the method* of Imposition
and extortion practiced by the City Tele
phone Company. The main points In the
present system attacked were as follows:
Whereas. The telephone rates as charged in
the city and county of San Francisco are more
than a reasonable rental for the money In
vented or the service elven by the said tele
phone company, and the extra charge of 6
cent* for each and every switch U an out
rat* mm extortion and Imposition; and whereat.
I cents per twitch Is chanced, said sum lit
sufficient to cover expense of service without
rental fee for telephone; and whereas, the tele
ph<>ne company being a corporation and enjoy
ing a monopoly of a public convenience, the
Board of Supervisors should have the game
right to regulate the rate of charges as In the
matter of gas, water, etc., and whereas, the
telephone system being a public convenience.
Inaugurated, managed and used an such, should
belong to and be operated by the municipality,
the tame as water works, street railway*, gas
and electric light works: now. therefore, be It
Resolved, My the Western Addition Improve
ment Club, that the Board of Supervisors of
the city and county of San Francisco be and
hereby Is petitioned to take steps to reduce
the present exorbitant telephone rates, to de
vl!-e means toward municipal ownership of
this gigantic telephone monopoly, to permit not
more than one subscriber on one line, to com
pel a flat rate of rental no higher than present
rates with nlrkel-ln-Mot attachment, or allow
the nickel attachment without additional ren
tal for use of telephones.
The Central Club then nominated the
following committees to forward the elec
tion of the new bond Issue for the Park
Panhandle, sewers and schools:
Finance— M. C. Haesett. N. nib-. L. A. Rea,
N. Schlesulnger. .1 McFalland. G. A Rletz. L.
Walbel. Press— Eugene J. Sullivan. O. A. Wale,
J. Henderson. J. Fisher. C. D Salfleld, A. S.
I/tllle. W. J. Nixon. Vl*lttn»>-A. Ruef. I).
Hlr»hler, L. H. Kohn, Charles Alvelgert. Dr.
F. H. Lord. C. Ftader. J. Toohey, H. D. Lemm.
Election —J. Marks, J. Klemlert. John J.
Lynch. C. Flt»*lmmonii. B. J. Polomon. M. L.
Taylor. J. Johnson. Literature — Judge M. Coo
ney. Val Schmidt. Dr. R. C. Myers. C. D. Per
kins. E. N. Fritz. H. F. Wlnkler and W. D.
Peel.
Mayor Phelan delivered a brief address
on the desirability of beautifying the city.
His Honor stated that while schools and
sewers are necessary they can wait, as
they can be acquired any time, but every
day's delay In acquiring the Park exten
sion means an ultimate great expense to
the city.
"One of the causes, said he "of the late
depression has been the constant outgoing
of our population. Beautify the city and
you will get back our suburban residents
and gain Eastern Immigrants."
• Other speakers were: Walace Wipe.
Rolla V. Watt. Judge Walter Levy. Dr.
L. D. Salfleld and D. V. Kelly, who nil
called on those of the audience having the
city's good at heart to vote for the new
bond Issue on the 27th of December.
Attendance at Public Schools.
Superintendent Webster yesterday fllrd
hie annual report of the condition of the
public schools In this city. There are
*5,292 children between the ape* of 5 and
17 years who attend school, of which Mil
are being educated In private Institutions.
One thousand seven hundred and fourteen
are foreign born. The average number
attending the kindergarten, primary ami
grammar t cbools is 32.875, with a dally »i
tendance cf 97 per cent. There are 1009
teachers in these schools, of whom 58 are
men.
NegTO Hanged for Murder.
PARIS. Ky.. Dec. 11— Clarence Wil
liams (colored) was hanged In the jail
yard here this morning. On March 26 last
\VHH»ms. while Intoxicated, shot and
killed Josle Tlllman, a woman with whom
lie quarreled.
WOODEN-LEGGED MAN
IS A REAL WONDER
m LAMF.DA. Dec. 11.— Although
A the lower portion of both his
the lower portion of both his
£A legs are wood, Qeorgle Camp
•*• ■*■ bell of this city delivers heavy
sacks of coal up long flights of stairs,
mounts and rides a bicycle and does
other thing! that appear almost too
difficult to be performed by a person
In his condition.
Nearly five years ago Georgie Camp
bell, then a youth of 13 years (un
lucky 13 lie says) was thrown un-ler
the cars from the steps of one of the
local trains, on which he was riding.
Before he could extricate himself
from his perilous position the wheels
of the cars hud passed over and sev
ered both his legs at a point close be
low the knees. He was taken to his
home and the four or live physicians
who attended him held out no hope
of saving his life. In fact, they
stated that he had but a short time
to live. But George was of plucky
Scotch stock, and when the physi
cians called the next day they found
their patient laughing and In the
happiest kind of a mood. He began
to Improve from that time on, and
he Is not only now alive but he is
. /-..1.. ,miiii,iiliii' a nnnl lllisi-
GOLDBUG THE
RACE HORSE HUD
LEFT ITS STALL
Stolen at Emeryville
During the Night.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
<*>s Broadway, Dec. 11.
Ooldbus;, the chestnut gliding owned by
jak. Krause, mysteriously disappeared
from Its stall .it the Emeryville racetrack
pome time between 11 o'clock last night
and 5 u'cjock this morning and was
only recovered to-night. The race
horse was left safe and Bound by his
Ineper late last night and early this morn
ing when th« man wont M give the ani
mal Its usual morning attention he found
the luck "ii the barn door broken and the
stall vacated. The horse had been stolen,
but by whom no one seemed to be able to
tell.
'Hi-- most s« rlous feature of the disap
pearance of Goldbug lay IB the fact that
the animal wan under attachment In a
suit brought In Justice wulnn's court by
Adolph Stimmfl tor Urn recovery of $250
on I Btwmmsory note, and the lock on the
stable door whs: placed th>-re by Consta
ble Jack Williamson, who will have to
sell the racer next Friday to satisfy the
Stlmmel claim. .,,,,
Constable Jack W llll:tm=nn was very
much worked up over the affair.
Sheriff RofMi t.. -night located the
stolen racehorse QoM Bug at Dave Mar
tin's stables In Alameda. A boy had been
engaged to riii*- the horse to Pleasanton
to-night, and the animal was being sad
dled preparatory for the trip, when Sher
iff Rovers appeared on the scene. Jacob
Krause, owner of the horse, stood near by
and the Sheriff placed him under arrest.
Krause was brought to the County , Jail
later to-night and was there booked for
grand larceny. He had no explanations
to offer.
New Trial Over Roberts.
OAKLAND. Dec. 11.— The Men ■ League
of the Union-street Presbyterian church,
organized recently on the occasion of an
interesting lecture by General Kunston.
will hold its next meeting to-morrow
night, when the principal feature of the
evening's programme will he a mock trial
of Congressman Roberts. A Judge and
attorneys have already been chosen and
the "Victim Roberts" will be selected by
lot. Next month a ladles" night will be
given.
■ ♦ «
Death of Mrs. J. E Johnson.
OAKLAND. Dec. 11. -Mrs. Jane E.
JohiiHon died of heart trouble last even
\r.t: ;<t her home, 767 Alice street. I)e
] was 7'> ytars old. She wan ih«
wife Of J"lm Johnson, the well-kn<>wn
capitalist, and mother of Mr.'. »seorge U.
If. Gray. J. S. Johnson nnd Eleanor arid
PROFESSORS VISIT THE
STATE HIGH SCHOOLS
BERKET.KY, Dec. 11.— The I'nivers ty
of inllfornla 1b beginning Its annual ex
amination ct all the Hlfch Bcnooln In ;lie
State with the object In view of determin
ing their standard <>f IfhOhlf Mp. This is
undertaken by the university every year
to determine which of the preparatory
SChOOtl .-an send their graduates to Berke
ley without having them undergo the "n
tranee examinations. Schools wl;h
courses of Instruction of the required
standard nre place*! upon an accredited
list and their students .-nter college on
recommendation of their principals.
Profess jr Bernard P. Moses of the de
partment of history. Professor W. A.
Merrill of the Latin department and Pro
fessor Frederick Slate of the department
of phystca will be absent from the uni
versity this week on tours of Inspection.
Professor Moses was at Hanford to-<l;ty
and from tbert will go to Visalin. Portcr
vllle. Tutor*. Bakcnlleld and I>os Ange
les. Professor Merrill will visit L/oa O«Uqs,
Salinas md Gilroy. Professor Slate tx ill
l*>ave soon for the southern part of the
State.
810 REAL ESTATE DEAL.
Thomas H. Williams Jr. has sold his
undivided half interest in the five-story
brick l.ulldlng on the tOUtIMMt corner of
BanWKBM and Sacramento strops, known
as the HaUeck Mock, for $120.0)0. The
purchnser nas Frank S. Johnson. itiiar
dlan of Frank Hansford Johnson, a mi
nor, and the sale is subject to confirma
tion by the Probata Court The proni-rty
has a frontage of IRS f»>Pt on Bacr&mento
street and UD feet <>n Sunsome and Is re
garde<i as one of the bf-st business loca
tions in the city, the n*t annual income
being $19.00t1. The purchaser of Mr. Wil
liams' Interest now owns the entire
building, and it Is stated that the prop
erty will be fitted with all modern im
provements and put In first-class condi
tion. The sale was negotiated by Benja
min M. Gunn & Co.
MM He does the work about the
yard, loads and unloads the real and
wood, delivers coal up long flights of
stairs with as much ease as the or
dinary driver.
George was coming across the
marsh from Oakland with a load of
coal one day. when he met one of the
physicians who had attended him at
the time of the accident. George
linilnl him and getting off the wagon,
walked over to the doctor's buggy
and s»hook hands with him. It was
some time before the doctor got over
the shock, as he had always pictured
young Campbell ns a helpless cripple.
Previous to the time he met with the
misfortune of losing his limbs Oeorge
ha.l n^vf-r ridden a bicycle. Since he
has been supplied with wooden ones
ho ha* learned to mount and ride a
wheel with apparently as much ease
and alacrity as the average bicyclist.
He Is ofu-n seen pedaling around In
search of orders at a lively rpeed.
On holidays he joins In a game of
football or baseball with the boy* of
the neighborhood. In spite of his In-
Jttrtefl he Is one of the most ■wcular
young men of his age In the com
mnnif v
Annie M. Johnson, the two latter daugh
ters being employed as teachers In the
local School Department. Mrs. Johnson
was an earnest member of the First M.
L. Church, and her many good traits of
character brought about her legions of
friends, who will deplore her death
MANY FRIENDS PAID
THEIR LAST RESPECTS
OAKLAND, Dec. 11.-Many friends
gathered at the late home of X ftf. j, :iv .
mance, 229 Twelfth street, this afternoon
to pay their last respects to the depart. -.1
Mr. Laymanoe was hold in hitjh
esteem in this community. The funeral
services were Impressively conducted hv
Rev. Dr. R. F. Coyle, and the Masonic
quartet rendered appropriate music I.fve
oak Lodge, of which deceased waa .
prominent member, attended in a body
and took charge of the services at the
grave. The floral tributes were both nu
merous and beautiful. The pallbearer*
were Judge F. B. Ogden, Ma lor J. E Me-
Klr.ith. John English. Frank J. MofJltr
C. A. Klose and \V. K. Dartie. The. In
terment was at Mountain View Cemeteiy.
HE WAS CRUEL AND
FAILED TO PROVIDE
OAKLAND. Dec. 11 -Cruelty and fail
ure to provide are the allegations In a
complaint filed late this afternoon by
Julia Josephine Bryant on which she
bases a suit for divorce from Frederick
C. Bryant. The parties formerly lived | (i
Lafayette, <'ontra Costa County, where
they married five yearn ago and where
they owned a ranch. The plaintiff wis
formerly Miss Julia J. Curdy and she
charges that her husband has frequently
applied shocking epithets to her and used
most abusive langiiai;--.
Work of Oakland's Council
OAKLAND. Dec. 11.-The Cltv c ( , unr |i
to-night granted Felix Wlrbser a liauor
license to conduct a saloon at 4«K Twelfth
Street, formerly Kucks" sahMjn which was
recently ordered cloned. The liquor
lie. nse of John Servlera. 47:, Seventh
street wmb denied on the ground that h"
has frequently violated the mldni K ht
closing ordinance. William Muller i;iq
Broadway, was also denied a saloon
license.
A petition signed by 2100 residents ask
ing that the Council take Steps to ■«
cure a garbage crematory that will bring
trip city some revenue was read and re
ferred to the committee of the whole, .is
was ,™ Iso another similar petition signed
by 102 physicians, who pointed out that
the present method of disposing of the
garbage tends to breed disease. Chairman
Howe announced Councilmen Cuvelller
Stetson. Schaffer. Mott and Meese as Oak
land s delegation to attend the conven
tion of the League of California Munici
palities which meets In Pioneer Hall. San
and 1 !? ld°' " eXt W *' dn< ' s<la >'' Thursday
Unitarian Club's Meetine.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 11 -The first meeting
of «n h X n u w ,i' ear of , the Unitarian Club
will be held next Wednesday evening
The annual report of the ' secrctarv
treasurer will be read and officers elect
ed for the ensuing year. Charles Rey
nolds, a sleight-of-hand performer of
some note will give an exhibition in the
line of magic.
Child Burned to Death.
LOB 4NCUBLW, I>ec. 11. -The three
year-old son of H. D. Maloney. a plas
terer, built a bonfire Jn the yard this
afternoon during the a! sence of his par
ents. His clothine became Ignited and he
was so severely burned that he expired
before medical aid could reach him
Sentenced to Serve One Year.
SANTA ROSA. Deo. 11. -This afternoon
Judge Burnett sentenced Ed Jono-s t.»
serve one year In Folsom. Jones pleaded
guilty of assault with a deadly weapon
upon a resident of Petahima by the name
of Ha*adohm.
Korea's Chancellor Is a Oallforian.
1 "DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT."
* WOKTH ITS WII9HT . r V .A \ /'/\- LAME BACK CUBXD.
A IV GOLD. . t /XiX'\i//V| , July 16 1899.
' ' Not 19th '39 «. l_f j iftQ"ii_r \ "*"J' TJ Pierce Electric Co.
*' Dr. Pierce ft Son: (.'JCT ' ' JiM^HWr •^•-^v* ( sentf: Tour Klertric
' I take pleasure In *^^^^d>Twtf^ ""•' '"" Tr & m> " of *
* ' writin* you 2. letter to ty"? woVp Vh 5-
' ' Inform you that lam kj^^>\\ / / 4/Ss/r\ \ /fV^KI Tf.nrtin. T . ,L
4> one of the lucky nuni- IKI 'N \ / I • \ / 7 \J^M f tal "" n «- ' *ot th»
<• t«r. I *•"—* ""•■Wlr > Ny IJ s J-^ft&Sa x \ * lfh , l i ''" " ,' M -
A of your Electric Belt. Vn?|b|B^>^>lJM|^iU V an.l u»r<lu »r <1 it ° '»' a
i \prll 5. '89 and wore »-^ort ttme. anJ (rom
o i : " month,, and IT JS^9SS^W^iSm^^^ L", 1 tlm ' 17 '.hay'. hay '
? HAS, MADE A NEW //V^^EKT^^^^Y«\ kfofl 110 trouble of lhal
'! nad K «eaeral nervous '/ ma^S^i\*- '/* ln< V "T truly -
' trouble* that had bothered me for 12 -*-rf I^»— Cer!A<T) ESTRADA.
0 yearn TOUR BELT IS WORTH ITS / +TLJ^ c Orhlr, Cal.
f WEIOHT IN GOLD. Respectfully. - /T\Vx C7"Thousaßds of cureii like the
4 ' ED. T. N OE. / L foregoing have b.-en made by Dr.
Rio Vista. Cal. Pierced worM-renowned Electric
♦ -- ■ . " Belt. It I* warranted to be the
• • most pclentlfic and durable body battery ever patented or sold In America. Price* much
< > lower than others of far Inferior quality are sold at. If you want the BEST, you muit
. . hare "DR. PIERCE*B."
4 F"nr full particulars «end a Jo stamp for "'BOOKLET SO. I" or call at the office.
*. Address
X PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
I No. MO Market St (orpo«tte Palace Hotel) San Francisco. Eastern Offle*: No U
4. Tribune Bnlldlna. Kew York.
»♦♦♦♦♦ »»»»»^»^^»-t»^»^» #^».^ # . ++++4+ Qrm+.s+ &+Q ♦^»^ > ♦<,
HAD HYSTERICS,
BUT DID NOT
TAKE POISON
Lizzie Kiesel Went
Into Convulsions.
NEARLY JUMPED OVERBOARD
TAKEN TO RECEIVING HOS
PITAL FOR TREATMENT.
♦
Doctors Say That the Case Was a
Most Unusual One of Ex
treme Nervous Hys
teria.
Oakland Ofllce San Francisco Call,
■.'» Broadway, Dec. .11.
A lovers* quarrel sent Lizzie Ki-t*-l to
the Oakland Receiving Hospital last night
and according to the stories of Rome of
the passengers on the last boat from San
Francisco last night it came nearly send
ing her to death in the waters of San
Francisco Bay.
The story of. the strange actions of the
girl upon the boat and of her being taken
to the Oakland Receiving Hospital under
suspicion of having taken poison was
briefly told this morning, but the causes
that brought about that condition could
not be ascertained until the girl became
more composed. The physicians last
night thought that It was a I aS« of poison,
self-inflicted, but after working upon her
It became evident that the girl Was suf
fering from a violent case of nervous hys
teria. She went from convulsion Into con
vulsion at the hospital, calling for her
brother and for Gilbert Bell, the man
whom she was with last night, and was
unable to tell anything coherent about
herself or others.
ThlH morning tho girl became more com
posed and toM the story of the Quarrel.
She had visited the home of Hell last
evening and there bad t n some difllculty
between the two over a man by the name
of Phillips, who seemed to creep into the
love affairs of the two. She was taken
to the last boat at lt:V by Bell, who pan
her on board. She began acting str
on the boat .md by the time ihe r
the Oakland pier sii>- waa i-i ronvu
and Policeman Agnews. who was on t lie
train, thought th;it poison h.id been titken.
This morning the Kirl snid thai abe bad
not taken powon, but ndmltted that there
had been a quarrel between herself and
Bell.
I >r. w s p rter lays that the ui n was
.1 run down In health and
that it was an extraordinary case
vous hysteria, probably sup» rlnduoed by
this lovers' mlaundei
Hell came to Oakland this morntne and
t".,k the girl to ht r home in Fru;
H<= refused to discuss the affair other
than to deny that the girl had
poison.
"She is only worn out from overwork.
said Bell, "and I am not going to d
the matt> r further."
Tiie quarrel must been s severe
one or it worked upon her w
badly, for several of the passengers on
the last boat, including Richard wil
\ Bernheim, ssy that sbe acted
she was Komi; to Jump overboard and she
was carefully watched for that reaSOaV
ATTORNEY MADE OPEN
CHARGES OF PERJURY
SENSATION IN THE UKIAH
MILL DAM CASE.
Bitter Feeling Between Parties and
Lawyers and Innuendoes of Un
becoming Conduct.
Oakland Ofllce San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, l >•■-■. 11.
A mild sensation wife created this after
noon In the Milt of K. B. Zller against J.
W. Miller, U. m. Cameron and others,
which has been on trial before Judge Ells
worth for nearly two weeks. The action
was brought Against Miller and the sure
ties on his bond given as required by the
State as a guarantee that the contractor.
Miller, pay in full all the laborer! and
supply-men who rendered services in and
about the construction of the dam built
on MIU Creek for the Ikiah State insano
Asylum. The bond was In the sum of |lv«)
and some of the laborer) and supply-men
assigned their claims to IS. B. Ziler, who
was foreman for Miller.
On the witness stand Miller had testified
that Z!ler never was employed by him
as foreman and this afternoon Attorney
Theodore J. Roche, arguing on behalf of
plaintiff severely commented on the man
ner in which the bond had bean drawn
up. pointing out many defects. He also
alluded to the fact that Attorney Fred L.
Krause had offered himself as a witness
for defendants, accusing him of conduct
at least unbecoming an attorney; and he
denounced Miller as a perjurer, stating
that even one witness for defense had
sworn positively that Miller's statement
to the effect that Zller had not been his
foreman was untrue.
Judge Ellsworth, from the bench, de
clared that he had no doubt as to /tier's
having been Miller's foreman and the
court left the inference that plaintiff
might get Judgment. The case, however,
was submitted for decision.
»♦ ■ i
NO CLEW TO ROBERT
VINCENT'S ASSAILANT
OAKLAND. Dec. 11.— Not the slightest
clew has been found to the men who at
tempted to hold up and then tried to
murder Robert Vincent at midnight on
Saturday. The police have nothing ex
cept the two hats that were left In the
yard where the highwaymen masked up
and lay In wait for Vincent, and th*»-.
furnish but little Information. One arrest
was made to-night on suspicion, but the
suspect was released very shortly, as. he
was able to prove his whereabouts on the
night of the shooting.
Vincent Is resting easily under the care
of Dr. W. S. Porter, and will recover
without trouble.
Oott-Long Wedding.
ALAMEDA, Da«, 11.— Ralph N. f}..tt.
formerly of Alnmo<la but now a resident
of Berkeley, and Mm Nora a I .on* of
this city were married last evening at the
Unitarian Church, Rev. Dr. Doilson ofll
elating. The OOUDat will reside In
Berkeley.
\^ ADVERTISEMENTS ;
jfisgg® CARTERS
bBBEw I I Ifa\m J
SSOKHEAOACHE
J/oeitlvely onred by tbeso
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspervb,'
fadigestlon and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
Sect rcrafcdy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. <
B>natl Pill. Small Dose.
. Small Price,
♦o*o*o#o^o*o*o«o#o*o*o«o#o*
! VICHY IS HEALTHFUL! I
♦ Of A Natural Mineral Water %
0 &31 medicinal Qualities, O
0 iHL or Indifftgtion and
? 4^«, Stomach Disorder, o
Ijjfkm So - Cttlled VICHY I
♦ (HBBI IN SIPHONS |
♦ ->1T..i.. U^y .- yj._ nfnaDjnnvnQ
0 |^#| Get the Genuine £
Lbhu
% A. VIGNIER, Distributing ARonto
ivis^ OR JORDAN'S grcat^
fMUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
1 £} vn suxn7sr. tat e^t» :.?:.. i
\ ITy The Ljrcr*» Anif reic«l Museum tn t^e \
¥ WmVj.'v World - *■>«»'"•«* cr tny €• ..i* r-.i A
918 S I 6pe-.uli>n»lheCo*»t tit 36 filt* V
$ flStJl M PRIVATE DISEASES #
\ I^Ssl?43 Copulation frr» 11J trrkt'y j»,iv '
0 I iWt fi »"»""<"« p*fv>iuriy rr ly lerter. Ait
TB tf <9L N tf-tnm rWr« ia rtcrjr cjie ufiilrrukca. T
1 mm if 11 9 Wnteior B^k. rnaomoravtri
f< if !Tl*«m«i.r if*tta» nil. 'AT
A ti v "''''- book tot "•">» \
" DII JOBOAX A I'O.. 1051 Markers' Kf.f
I OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
j^. Steamer* l»av» Broadway
fflrfjhp,. wharf. Pan Kranctsco:
1 JW^ 1 " ur Ala-kin rtr M a en..
■ jlfTf~~iWi Per. ». 7 :: it .-.'. v. J--» i.
• AaEjVl rhar.r« to r- nipan>* il-ain-
«n at P^att!*.
liryfisn^iY^l For Vlrtt.rta. Viinat'f
/■* e^fc4 : Si4\ (B -C ). Port Tnwn— n<l. .«-
attle, Taeoma. Everett. Ana-
rcrtes ami New Whatrom
(Wash.). M a. m.. Dec. J. 7.
,1 i; •» •• Jan. 1, ■"•> *rery flfth Car th«r«-
iffiJ: *at to IMj company' •
.. f .m.™?,rAh«K> M 4 a N H y • at Taeoma
" K M ." n-r " at Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
p£; ?nr.ii"'(*l»«nboldt Bay). Ip. m D«a. S.
iof v. &* ». J»»- «. * ad ""» o"* aay
Cni». Monterey Ban Simeon. Cayu-
co« Port Harford <San VaU Obt<rpo). OnM,
hSuartsn. Ventura. Hueneme Pan Pedr«\
E«.'B,n Pedro (fen. tf'™"} %'£?' X
a. m Dec J. •. ">. '*• *'• "• *"• w# J * n * *
and every fourth' day thereafter.
For Pin si' 6°. »topptn< only at Port H«r-
ford 1 San I^ila Oblipo). Santa Barbara. Port
l"s AnreleV and iUinndn <I-cs Arxele.). II
"fourth day thereafter.
, For Ensenada. M*«.lal«-j* Day. Fan Jo^» d.l
Cabo Maxatlan. >ltata. I* Par. Eanta nos»-
lla »nd Guaymas (Me*.). 10 a. m.. 7th of racb
"f",' further Information obtain eotapaay's
Th« company reierre, th* rfcM t" chanr*
with'-ot previoos rntl<-« »teaners. sailing date*
_ r * *„,.*- -f . •.«!'-•■
TICKET OFFICK— I N»w Mont»om«TT
street (Palace Hotel).
COODAI.I. PFRKIVP * CO.. n*n Aw**.
1© Market »t . Ban Francl«:a.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
' DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
POP.TT.AND
Fri m Pp*ar-ntre«t Vharf nt 19 a. m
CADC *12 Flrnt Cl««« Indudln*: BerUl
rAriL M Second Clan* and Mcala.
Ptnt? of California. ..Fall" Dec 4. 1«. M, Jan. J
Columbia fialla Dec. ». I>. B. Jan. %
Short L,ln« to Walla Walla. Spokane. Uutt».
Helena and all potata In th» Northwest.
Through tickets to ill p«lnt» F.a.«t.
E. C. WARD. General A»»nt.
00 Market •*.
GOODALI* PERKINS * CO..
Superintendents-
fMrafßfjnfl Th« 8. S. Austral:.'*
W|B|T Mill for 1
«PW3II* Wednesday. Dec IX
* *• i. at : p. m.
1 y^\^\ S. 8 Mnrtpo«a sail*
•^rebmchn • '" nonolulu and
2)lKllO:.t'> Au-fclanri for Sydne*
/Ff?.?i?.'QU~ Wednesday. !>•<. 17.
' " at • p. m.
Favorite Line nmind In* World, rt% Hawa't.
i Famna. New Zealand. Aq<tralla. India, Sues.
7~nz!- - I etc.: 1 "" "'«* rla«*.
; D SPRECKELS & BIOS. CO., Anil.. >I 4 Montgom«n
J»icr 7 M « Pacific St rrei«MCtfire.?2T St.
AMERICAN LINE.
Frw TOM, SOUTHAMPTON LO.HDOS. PA*!\
Ptnpplna: at CherbourK. WMtbflOild
From New York Every WMnewlay. 19 a m.
p t •'.:1 I>»<?. JT'St. Paul Jm. 17
New Tor* Jan. 2 New York Tin »
St. Louts Jan. 13 St. Louis Jan. 31
RED STAR LINE.
New Yor- «""i 1 Antwer-*.
From New York Every We<lne«day. 13 noon.
p.-.uthwark Dor. r> Noordlan-l Jan. l<>
Westernland ...Dec. JT Ararnnla ■ J«n. 17
Kensington Jan. 3 Friestind ... ...Jan. !l
EMPIRE LINE.
J>rrrl«». ?». Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information rea-anl!nc freight and
por^aKe apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
10 Montgomery »1 . or any tf |f« avenclea.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
BTF.AMFRS WILL LEAVE WHARF. TOR.
V»ner of First and Drannan ftreeta. 1 p. m..
fcr YOKOHAMA and HONOKONO. callin« at
Kobe (Hloco). KaaWakl and ShanchaL and
cor.r.ectlnc at H<-ngl» with steamers for
India, etc No cargo received on board < a da/
of palling.
AMERICA MARU Thursday. Dec. «
HONOKONO MARU Tue<.diy. Jsn. II
NIPPON MARL* Friday. Fta. »
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
fretcht and pansae* apply at company's o:.*.~».
4?1 Market «treet. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General A cent.
coKTaemi aiNMiLe tbahsatlahtiqci
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAR!S. C|^,
Bulling every Thursday Instead of Sj /T*j>
t'aturdty. from November ? Wi, at - n •■' -
10 a. in., from Pier 4: North River, foot oC
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE. Nor. II; LA,
OASCOGNE. N v 13: LA TOURAINE. Not.
M: LA.nr.ETAGNE. Dec 7. First-class to
Havre. I*o and upward; S per rent reduction on
rcund •tip. Second-class to Havre. l«: • P*r
tent r'-'uctlon on rmiad trip. OKNERAI*
AOENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Pmariwav iHu4*on butidlrc). Sew
j York. J. V. FIT. \7l * CO.. Pr.eifl? Coajt
t Ar>t<tii 6 MAfitomerr »v» . Won Fmni-tfrt.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMER?.
~FO*RI. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJd
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at I O
a. tn.. 1:15. •:» p. in. (ex. Thura. night). Fri-
day*. 1 p. m. and » 3": Sundays. 10:30 a. at. I
p. m. landing and office. \ll»*ton-strt«t Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telepn.n* Main ISOJ.
FARE »8
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Tall, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— CJ Montgomery street.
corner Clay: open until 9:20 p. m.
Sr« Hnycs street; open until 9:30 p. m.
enj McAllister ■ • reel , pen until 30 p. m.
Cl 5 larkln street: open until 9:30 p. m.
IMI Mission ttreet; open until 10 p. m.
r^Cl Market »trvet. corner Sixteenth; open
ur.tll S p. m.
K< Eleventh street: cp*n until 9 p. m.
JO** Valencia • ■•..• cr-en until 9 p. m.
ins I'olk street: open ur.tri « p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-scccnd and Ken-
lucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
FUNERAL notice — California Com- J j.
niandery No. 1. K. T. — Officers and BT'
members are hereby tiutlQed to as- I j
•enable tn tbe asylum THIS DAY tv
<Tu<-t«Jay). at l:3u p. m.. for the pur- ▼
jn.ne or attending the funeral of our deceased
irater. Sir OLIVER VAN DU7.ER. By order
of SIR JOHN TONNINtJHEN. Com.
HIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Chaj>ter No. 5. R. A. M.. m
will meet THIS <TUE.SDAT) EVEN«_J\_
ING. December 12. at 7:3J o'clock. 1. IX
A. degree. By crder cf the 11. P. «V >
FRANKLIN IL DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and A. •
M. -Meeting THII- (TUESDAY) EVEN- _J%_
ING. at 7.50 o'clock. D. S. X-/V
OEO. J. HOBB. S»c /^r^
GOLDEN Gat« LoJge No. 80. F. and Ai ■
M. — Officers an] members will »• .•::.- _^^ _
ble fct lh» Temp'.t THIS (TUESDAY) XX
AFTERNOON, at 131 o'clock, to con''^^
durt tbe funeral of our late brother OLIVER
VAN I'UfrER. GEO. J. IIOHK. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 13«. F. and a. M.. m
151 IZltr et . metts THIS EVENINO,^\^
7:30 o'clock. Her- ;, « ,'.» Cr<-*C r<-* XX
GEORGE PENUNOTON. Beg. r^F>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and a. m
M.— Officers and members are re- _^^_
':-j-f.il i,, attend the ijn'nil if ED it Jr
MIND V. HATHAWAY from thf /V>
Mmmnic Temple WEDNESDAY. December
IS. at 1 30 p. m. Master Masons, relatives and
frit-nda cordially Invited.
A. H. HIBBARD. Secretary.
MJFS:nx Lnflf* No. 1C». F. and A. M.— at
Called nifßtlr.gr THIH (WEDNESDAY)^IV
EVENING, it T r.u o'clock. Second ■-*■ TL.M
C^U BUNKER. Hec /VN
HERMANN Lodfe No. 145. I. O. a
F.. Harmony Hall. 1749 Miaslon
•t.— Officera and numbers are re-
quested to assemble THIS EVEN-
ING at 8 o'clock eharp. InltUtloa and other
important business. Sojourning brotliera,
I'Jerman-i-peaklnic, are cordially Invited. By
order of the N. G. M, R. JAGER, Seo.
riQNEERS-Tbe mem-
" x. v ' BsVA
requested t> attend the ' - '^ftJr^a
AsMV^WeaSI
WILLIAM
XiKNNEY. from l'li>ni-er J*^sy
HhII. this city. TO-DAY Til 1 •«> 1 December
li, »• 2p. m. Please wear the usual funeral
badge. JOHN F. I INKHAM Marshal.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
The Nevada National Bank of San Francisco.
Cal.. w'.:i be beld at its bonking house. 201
Montgomery »t.. Han Francisco. Cal.. en
TfEfcDAT. January «•, 1»00. at 3:15 o'clock p.
r.i., for the election of directors '3 Mrve for
the f.t ::nt year, and the transaction of auch
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
i-tin Francisco. Deoember S. U9».
THE California Debris Commission, baring re-
'•-.•t0.1 applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from B. F. Keith and J. and Wm.
tinnnon. la the Bydney Flat Gravel Mine,
rear Jacksonville, Tuolumne Co.. to deposit
tailings tn WooJs Cre«-k and limn* River;
from the Eureka Lake a:..i Yuba Canal Co..
consolidated, in a j'ortlon cf the Consolidated
Placer Mln«. at Columbia HIU. Nevada Co..
to deposit tailings In Spring Creek; from F.
M ■; f.orr.tus n. in the Chalk Flat Mine, near
Pike City. Slurra Co.. to J-:> s>.t taillnrs In
chalk Flat Ravine: from Walter Bolre. in
tho Bolr» Piacer Mine, near Railroad Flat.
Calavems Co . to deposit tailings In a ra-
vine below tli« mine; from fans Bean, In a
branch of Coffee Pot Uavlne. In Yuba Co..
near Clipper Mills, to deposit taJllnr* In
Cettm Pot Ravine; from J. ■v Finder, in the
LJtU« Gap Mlna. near HLtatlton, Tuo'.umne
<i>.. ti depoa;t tailing* In Streamless Valley;
fron J. M. Gilbert and A. M. Colwell. In the
Pen rnxzkltn and Davis Consolidated Mine.
at Ya:;kee Jlxr.j. Placer Co.. to deposit tail-
ings in an old pit; from Jos. Williams it
nix . In tbe Williams Ranch Mine, near Ono.
Shasta «'o.. to deposit tailing* In Watson
Quick; from O. W. Henderson et &la.. In the
F.'U'Jiern Cross Mine, at Yankee Jims, Placer
Co.. to -•;••: tailings In Mexican Gulch;
and trora A. W. Mellon et. als.. in the Chero-
hee Mine, at Cherokee. Butte Co., to deposit
trUhncs In Dry Creek, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room VS. Flood bulld-
!n*. h«n Francisco. Cal., oa December 'X.
>"jS. at 1:20 v. m.
ANNUAL Meeting— Regular annual meeting of
the ttockhr>l<iers of the Paauliau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be beld at the office
«.f tiie company. 227 Market rt.. in the city
er.d county or £an Francisco, on SATUR-
DAY, tbe 2d day of December. 1*99. at the
hmir of 11 o'clock a. in., for the purpose of
eW-tlrjg board cf directors to serve for the
cnsulnc year and the transaction of such
other business it may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer book* will clote on Wadnes-
<■»» November 12. ii>« at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. •tary.
Tb» ab«?T# a3vertlsed meeting of the Paan-
hsu Furar Plantation Company Is postponed
until THURSDAY. December 21. 189». at 11
e'rl^-k «■ m r H PITKLDON. «»«x-retary.
ASTROLOGY. ~
I'Oirß fortune— Astrclcjry. by mall oriTvTßena"
P. O. money orde- fnr $2 SJ. with the following
required data: The. hour of your birth a. m
or p. m. : «Ute. Booth, year; city and country .
eiso whether male or female, married or »in-
•le please state where you wish your horo-
scope, aad reading forwarfled to by mall. Ad
PHOF. L. C. HENRY. Astrologer. P. O. box
142 T. Ban Francisco. Cnl.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth Soor. Chron-
icle bull£!r.g; ne advance charges; all cases;
estates, re rtr,iiges. damMcs. collections,
bankruptcy : wills, etc., drawn; moderate fee*;
rail or write.
ADVICE free, diverge law a specialty: private;
no fee without success, collections). G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD. 935 Market st.. opp. Mason"
consultation free; moderate fees.
F. H. MKH7T'.A' - H. attorney at law. has re-
w»' practice at CCS Cal. st.. Clunle tldg.
L. 6. CLARK, Eroma Spreckels ling. 927
Market . consultation free; no fee* in advance.
ADVICE free: nr» charp« unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON*. ::7 Market at., .. !r Maaon.
BICYCLE REPAIRING.
r;:DS. n. v VARXET, Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRINO . .-■ SPESCIALTY.
no .win AM) rooms.
•^LG^RA^XliriT^^^oiirand Clay-Sun-
ny suites; best b'terd; for 2. 141 up; single. $20.
EDDY. 123— United States Hotel; rooms $1 CO
week up, with board V l>0; suite for two with
board, $12; board $4 week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator run* all night.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market— Elegant
new furniture; first-class In every respect;
table unsurpassed; hct end cold water: ele-
vator: »■;!(••-. with board for 2. $50 month up.
LAS PALMAS. IK2O Market sT^Julte of 2 or 3
rm. ; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
IyONGWORTH. C 32 Geary— Large suites, bath,
fcr I or 4 .■••.en; excellent table board.
8100.000 TO loan on diamonds, wat rhes.stlver.seal-
sktns, pltnus. guns. Uncle Harris. 11 Grant ay.
NEW family hotel; first Haas In all appoint-
ments; excellent table. 807 California st., oc-
cupying corner opposite Grace Church.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean comfortable rooms:
rood table board; terms to holiday transients.
lIOAIID AND ROOMS WANTED.
COUPLE desire sunny room and board In pri-
vate family; very reanonable; state price.
Addrefs box W>. "-Hi! ( m--e
FIRST-CLARS room and board wanted: no ob-
Jeotlon If part or the whole in exchange for
vocal and piano lessons; by leading tinging
teacher of 8. F.. whos office la In central lo-
cation. Box 1710. Call office.
DOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— I or I small children to board In
fleasar.t. sunny home In th* Mission; $S to
110 per month. Box 1754. Call office-.
WIDOW, has a nice home, wants a small child
to board; good home; be»t . »re >CS Fell rx.
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
FCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holme* Cock Co.. 7f>4 Mission it rear Third.
DOOTS (Mi -II lIS-
LADIES' lace shoes. $1; boys' »hie». 7Sc.
Men's dretey shoes, fl 28; men's boots.. $1 75.
p>,ce list rent free PEOPLE'S SHOE
PTORE. I* ol Stockton St.. near Broadway.
IIOOTS and shoe* made to order from lst-clasa
material 16 to $S; repairing cheap. 11. BAL-
NINEN. 441 Bush st . formerly with McNulty.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
FOR faJe— Good fruit stand: I living rooms;
ctoeap. Apply UO Eighth st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A— CORNER saloon with 7 years' lease In
wholesale district; place estab. years and
clearing from $300 to $400 per month; no better
offer la market. R. O. WILKE. &04 Market.
A-S4OO— DELICACY store and branch bakery.
on I*rkln st. . rent $15: good paying business;
fine place for £ ladles or man and wife. Call
R. O. WII«KE. KM Market at.
A— J4SO— CANDY atore and factory, with living
rooms. In choice location on Polk St.; rent
$:2; clears $35 peT week: elegantly fitted; a
rare chance. R. G. UILKI. K"^ Market St.
A-S3W-RESTAURANT In mining town of 4000
Inhabitants. dally receipts 120; rent $35; a
bargain. Ii G. 9 K.E. SOt Market st. __
A— S4OOO— CORNER grocery and bar: choicest
location; rent $10; doing a large store and bar
trade; stock all fresh; a rare opportunity.
< a.; R. O. WILKE. PO6 Market st.
A— s]Jf«O— RESTAURANT close to Market and
Mason sis.; doing a rushing business; place
elegantly fitted up: worth double the money
asked. Call It. O. WILKK. >0« Market st.
A— J.- PORK and delicacy store, doing ■
large and first-class paying business; rent
t:v. the very beet location, owner must sacri-
fice on account of other Investments; a great
bargain. Call R. O. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A-WW— SALOON: O'Farrell and Stockton sts.:
l«*se. R. G. WILKE. 90S Market st.
A— PARTNER wanted; restaurant, to attend
cash counter and help in general; $75 per
month guaranteed, prefer partner to hired
help. BTENHER CO.. MS Kearny st.
■ I SALOON; : blocks of Market; I newly
furnished rooms; handsome bar and back bar;
value In sight: owner sick; mutt sell. 6TEN-
BERO CO.. 2«H Keamy st.
$«00-COFFEE. tea, crockery, hardware; the
very best location; route with 200 customers;
$100 per month guaranteed; full Investigation
allowed. STENBERO CO.. 26H Kearny st.
A— SI2OO— STEAM laundry in busiest country
town In California; lot 60x100; brick building;
one block from depot; offers remarkable
chance for active man: machinery, wagons.
hor»es. everything In tip-top *hapa: any one
looking for good place will find this a fine
Investment. See to-day 6TENBERG A CO..
_2CVi Kearny st.
tiSW BALOONI Potrero. nr. Union Iron Works;
fine fixtures; full value In atock; receipts $25
day; rent $20 month. BASILE. I Eddy st.
GROCERY and bar; corner, must be sold at
once. COWING A CO.. 955 Market st
BRANCH bakery, notions, eta ; for sale cheap.
3116 Twenty-third st.
PARTNER with $300 cash In a good paying
business. Box 611. Call offic«.
$71— FRUIT and grocery store: good location:
living rooms; rent $12. 412 Folsom st.
BLACKSMITHS, machinists, mechanics— Best
recipes, how to weld cast steel, Improve poor
Iron, write, upon F*eel. silver, gold. 10c. J.
KIMLICH. 227 East Seventh st.. Los Angeles.
RELIABLE man to take half-Interest In a fine
tailoring store: long established; present
owner has other interests which demand his
personal attention. Box 1791, Call office.
PARTNER wanted with 10 000 capital to go
Into fruit and cattle proposition; will be pay-
Ing property from start. Box 1765. Call office.
SALOON, with 2 living rooms furnished; good
trade; rent reasonable; good location. Box
1355. Call office.
SMALL home restaurant, north of Market St..
for sale at a bargain. Owner, box 1796. Call.
FOR sale — Old established wagon-making and
horseshoeing business: 15 years present lo-
cation. Apply M Cortland aye.
FOR sale— Cheap, a good- paying fruit store on
Soott St.; good business. Apply £01 Halght.
PARTNER wanted In old established
business. Box 1714. Call office.
BARBER shop and rooms complete; rent low.
11(2 Howard St.. near Seventh.
FOR SALE— First-class restaurant: north of
Market St.. half down. Box 1713. Call office.
6HOP for painter, plumber, carpenter: rent
and more In work. WM. HENDRICKSON'
& CO.. 614. Call building.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. j
W. CASWELL <: COS, 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH ofSca tor Call advertisements and '
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest oorrer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver- '
j tisements and subscriptions has been opened ,
st ll?3 m 1.; open until 9p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
BAKERY, also laundry wagon; fine top buggy,
almost new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons,
new. suitable dry goods stores. MS Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EOAN 4 SON. 2117 Mission st.
10P SETS second-hand harness; wagons carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you beooroe disgusted with poor work i
*end to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. £53-357 Tehama St.; tel. a. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. 11. I
HTEVENS. mgr.. 3<-40 »th *t ; tel South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
413 Stevenson st.; tel. South »2». lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 8»4. OEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard; laid at »c.
STRATTONB. 8 Eighth it.; tel. Jessie 944.
3. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 249 14th
st ; cleaning. 3o per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carp«t-be«tlng Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 128.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compound* and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Arent. Office and factory. 21 Spear St.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may be eon-
tulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
she reveals every hidden mystery; she will
•how you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move family troubles; retore lost affections:
unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen
property: locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while in a perfect trance; satisfaction j
guaranteed by mall; send stump for circular
with social terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
20C Turk St.. n«ar Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market st . trance,
teat medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats nil diseases; sittings $1.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters I Hayes st.. room T. second floor.
MRS. MEYER and others. 335 McAllister; tests
every night. 10c; Wed. at 2; Dr. Rln-es tests
Wed. 8.
MRS. lIAIUUAND'S circle to-night: prophetic
t«sts: articles read; lOo; readings dally. 34 6th.
MRS DV PRrTE, card reading; questions an-
swered by mall; advice given. 2S 7th, room 7.
ATTEND MRS. DUNHAM'S circle of truth- 2
_ Ip m.; 14 McAllister at., r. 35; admission He.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance
•p. m.. Be 40* Leavenworth st.
MME. HANSON, card reader^ and palmist;
past, present and future. 25c. 148 Sixth, r. 11.
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 7: Fourth st . near Mission.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing te«t circle to-
night. CO5 McAllister; Me; come skeptics.
MMi; ZKREDA of 6 Seventh St. Is the origi-
nal gypsy life reader; readings. 25c
MISS MELVILLE. great clairvoyant and water
render; German spoken. 921% Misnion.op Mint.
EDWARD EA-RLE. Independent slatewrlter.
330 Ells st.; circle Hun. and Wed. evenings.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. C Fourth st.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 102V4 Sixth st T
10 a. m. to 8 o. m.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 2&c; ladles. «14 O'Farrei. St.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Atenry; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. "
COTTAGE of < rooms and bath at 3103 Clay,
between Baker and Lyon; lately renovated.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms. 23 Bylngton st., between
Ellis and O'Farrell. Flllm and Webster.
1 $9— NEAT cottage. 4 rooms, yard; respectable
j location. 1703 Turk m.. near Scott. . .
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket at., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bid*., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$2 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 DO up; of-
fice hours, S a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
VAN V ROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; ffuarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10 op-
erators; no students. 897 Market st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush;
full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 2ic.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1899.
DEHTISTS.
! A— DR. T. S. HIGGIN8 1 dental parlors. 127
Market St.. over Cafe ZKnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; aleo by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artlstlo
dental wcrk at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from fiOc;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; platee that fit
from 14 10 up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty, open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anacHthetlc for painless dentistry—
Eynol. on application to the gums, removes
the pain: see our fl"sh colored plates; thinner
s:.d stronger than rubber; warranted lur 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
(Ul a plate; fillings. 50c. crowns, 13 60; plates,
full set. IS; all work palnlees and warranted.
( hlcipo Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth rt.
1 DR7. QEOROE w . LEEK. 20 O'FarreU St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth pulnlesaly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. S2; bridges, 14;
rubber or flexible plates, |S; received I first
prlies; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
L>R LCDLUM HILL. 1443 Market ft., near
Eleventh; frowns, bridge work and fllllr.gi a
specialty; all work r«\-.*iral>le; gas tr'.ven.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. U. O.
TOUNO. IS4I Polkjit^
: OHIO Dental I'nrlors. Inc.: t graduate opera-
tors:open erenlngs and Sundays. I'.O Market.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; work warranted 10
years. N. V. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor 6th.
I DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDCAVELL Dressmaking Sohoot; leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. claasee. 193 Post
I 6. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring Paxiors;
French tailoring system taught. SOi Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. SS7 Geary; dresses
rr.Silf. IS up; Uretpes made over; perfect fit.
i ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
l:g. ptr.xlng. 121 P«st.over O'Connor A MolTatt.
KIM CATION A 1,.
HEALD'S Business i/ullcge, 24 Post St.. 8. F. ;
practical courses* In bookkeeping, shorthand.
tjrptns, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
, ALL official reporters of this city advise stu-
dents to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Incti-
tute. r.irrott building; be wise; follow their
advice, be thorough; life scholarship 100.
i AYnES Burlness College. 721 Market St.. con-
ducted perscnaliy by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $50. Includes all branches.
ALL Etudems but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
brsr.NESS COLLEGE. 123« M..r'K-: -t.
KEERIKO school, civil. electrical, mining,
rnech , survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
est iv 64. VAN PER NAILI.EN. ?M Market.
Miss m. .;. Barrett is unable to nn ai: de.
tn^nds for her shorthand graduates; lessons
;• -i :.ally and by mall. SO2 Montgomery st.
THE Hitchcock School. San Rafael, for young
men and boys; Easter term begins Jan. 7.
F. ' at. :.EBY. banjolst and teacher; hours.
1 to f. and I to 9 p. m. SO Eddy st.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett, Lyceum Theater. SIG O r Faxrell st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 805 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv.orclass. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission st.
PRIVATE lessons by expert bookkeeper; most
practical method. 1234 Bush st.
LAW schools, in Market, S. F.. and Me Broad-
tvsty. Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
START right Ud the end Is In sight. PROF?
MKHKI. violin, mand.. guitar. 100S Mission.
BOOK KEEPlNG. arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1C24 Mlsslon.nr.gth.
BMPLOYiraWT OFFICES.
ORPHKI M Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese. en Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1331.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. 651 Clay st. ; phone Davis S2l.
JAPANESE Information bureau: Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post: phone Main IMS.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPAKBBE-CUINESE E:r.^ Agency; alTTunds
help GEO QAKI. 30 Geary St.: tel Grant 3*
I:>II'LOYMBNT WASTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CT.ASS Swedish cook desires situation.
c«ti give I'est of references; German waitress
de»tres situation In private family, beet of
referenpeF. MISS Ct'LLEN. S2S Sutter tt.
FIRST-CLASS Bwadtah laundress desire.- situa-
tion; best of references; city or country.
E CTJLLEW. 22r. hutter st.
BTENT Fr-nch girl desires situation as
nuree or second; 8 years' references; city or
MlF.s CPLLJEN. S2S BattW st
NEAT young German girl desires a situation
as nurseclrl; first-class German second girl,
best city references, and a first-class cham-
bermaid anii waitress, hotel or boarding
house, want positions. Apply to MI.SS H.
ULUNAN. 2:3 Sutter tv. phone Main til
ALL-AROt;ND oook and help, ran take chefs
place or full rharre of kitchen: English.
French and German cook: first-class pastry;
flrst-cl&as hotel references. 242 Natoma st.
ETBKT and reliable woman wishes situ-
ation to do general huusework In city or coun-
try, moderate waxes; references. Address 781
Brannsn St.. near Seventh.
WAITRESS wishes situation In hotel or board-
Ing house or as nuraegirl. Box M*. Call.
2 fOUNG ladles from the East wish situations
as housekeepers; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 221 Miiton »t., room 14.
COMPETENT woman, experienced laundress
and hoimecleaner. with best refer-nces, wants
day tvjrk. terms. Jl Box 11*. Call.
RESPECTABLE girl would like a situation In
a private family; $if,. Box 606. Call.
WoMAK wonts work hy day; understands gen-
eral housework; good cook. Box Wi. Call.
MIDDLE-AQED German woman wishes po«1-
tl .11 as housekeeper. Addrroa or call MRS. p
CRAKPE. B7 Sickles aye.. Ocean View.
WANTED Situation aa chambermaid. Call or
h<] dress c* 9 Hyde st.
SWEDISH elrl would like position to do gen-
eral h.'Uf»ew,,rk and cooking; wages $JO. Call
nt 2C6 Tenth st.
TOUNO woman wants work of any kind 4 or
h.-um por .lay. Apply 609 Birch aye
WOMAN of ability and refinement desires posi-
tion In nice family; light work and sewing-
hair dressing; manicuring. LEONARD box
17 r 2. Call office.
GERMAN girl willing and good washer desires
day work cleaning or washing and lronlnr.
41S Pamell Et.. tel. Main f.332.
GERMAN girl desires steady work- half a day
or a few hours dally. 41S Pamell st tel
Main (332.
GOOD dressmaker wishes to go out by the day
terms $3 per day. Call or write, 1424 Market
rt.. room 7.
BTTLISH dresses made for $4; also children's
drersep; reasonable; all work guaranteed; will
go out at Jl2i a day. Call or address 6M
Fourth st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third sL. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to fl 60 rlsht; $1 W) to $«
week: convenient' and respectable; free bus
and l.acciifp t.j ar.d from terry.
$100 f<v> TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receive.) at OH branch office, 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ft«. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH of fie* for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencla st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
ct I?!" p..lk : open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
EXPERIENCED carpent-r wishes work Tn the
city or country or wome Institution; Is a flrst-
_ class workman. IV.x &07. Call ofTloe.
MIDDLE-AGED married man. practical farm-
er. w;«hos position to take charge of a ranch-
understands stock and vines. Call at room 79*
Ahlborn How—. l>^t. 1; and 1 or after S p. m!
BTRONQ Oil maw b<py (20 years), some experl-
tn.e In n a.-hlnery and electricity, would like
place In shop to finish trade; wages not so
much ..nj. rt n» Ftea.ly place. Box 514, Call.
WANTED Hy man and wife (no children)
position on ranch or In restaurant; wife wait-
W; man cook; wagrs no object. G box
61S. Call.
CARPENTER wants work. E. S.. 11l Ninth
m . r-'.im 9.
COACHMAN and general man wants employ-
nient; single; do any kind of work- go any-
where; thorough; best references. Address
box 1716. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with horses, tools
willing; to make himself useful, wanu light
w.jrk; good home more an object than wages
Addr.-* H W.. i' 3« Hitch st.
COOK with wide experience; good reputation •
good on bread and pastry; sober and eco-
nomical. GEORGE STOLL. Russ House.
MIDDLE-AGED reliable man wants hotel or
lnftltutlon work; good references. PETEI;
MORROW. 227 Minna st.
YOL'NG man who has had some experience as
notion an<l dry goods salesman wishes posi-
tion as salesman, clerk or assistant book-
keeper g n1 references. F.ox 1733, Call office.
TOI'NG man. coatmaker, desires employment.
Box 1766. Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
STEADY, unmarried man desires position of
trust as collector, watchman or work as Jani-
tor or elevator man; can supply the best of
references. H. 8.. care of C. P. Richardson.
637 Market St.
WANTED— Position by a first-class engineer
and amalgamator who understands concen-
trating machinery, etc ; references given.
Address box 1466. Call offlce^^
$100.00<j TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver. seaJ-
_»*lne. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-secoad and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m^
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements nnd subscriptions has been opened
at U23 Polk st.; open till » p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lcncla et.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
10714 Market st.. Pan Francisco; exam. free.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT flat 6 rooms: bath. 440 Geary st.
ELEGANT flat; 6 rooms and bath; all latest
improvements. 713 Grove it.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL, 10
Montgomery et.
GEARY. 1117—4 comfortable rooms: bath; tol-
let; 2 beds: 2 stoves; gas and coal: $18.
HAIOHT, 631— Elegant almost new flat of 7
rooms and bath; $25.
HANDSOME upper flat of eight rooms and
bah; sun In al: of the rooms. 724 Turk st.
LOVELY new corner flat. Richmond District.
Eighth aye. and Clement St., 6 rooms: bath.
MODERN flats; Just finished: 6 and 7 rooms:
baaemt.; yard. 1929-1937 O*Farrell: reas.
MISSION. KU. near Eleventh— s large, sunny
rooms; bath, yard and laundry; rent $17.
SUNNY bay-window fiats. 7 rooms and 2 kltch-
ens each; first and second floors. 4174 Thlnl.
$16—4 NICE rooms; bath; toilet; gas; yard;
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds. watches.sllver. seal-
tklns. planes, guns Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
FREK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
ad'ircfs to lock box 643. Los Angeles, Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yord; 30x60 Inch rugs.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway; open evening.
FIVE rooms, furnished, for sale cheap. Call 10
to 8 (no dealers). S3 Birch aye.
4 ROOMS furntshed In oak for $48 50. with No.
T rar.ee King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
W. E. CODY (late with 3. T. Terry~A^ Co") buys
furniture, carpet?. 757 Mission; tel. Red 8358.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 778 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your t<l-hand furniture.
WANTED— $:000 carpets, furniture, etc; highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market.
FURRIERS i _Fi;RS. ETC.
ELECTRIC seal capes. A«trskan yokes. $10 to
$:o ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kfany. top floor.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
AGENTS wanted. Alpha Remedy Company.
: ... y. ■-..»-. ■■•■
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A COOK for men. $25; see party here. MISS
CULLEN. 825 Sutter st.
A MAID, sleep home. $5 i'«r week: an Invalid's
nurse $16. and asolst in housework. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
ASSISTANT nurse. 1 child, $13 per mootb.
MISS CULLEN. 32S Sutter st.
WANTBD — Seamstress and second girl. $25;
Prot octant second girl, $35; maid and seam-
stress. $20; 2 boarding house cooks. $30— $8 a
week; German houseglrl. |X; laundress and
second girl. $25; 8 girls for cooking and some
housework $25; chambermaid and wai tress. \
$20, country: chambermaid— waitress, $18; :
restaurant waitress**. $5 an.l $6 a week: Ger- !
man laundress. $3>. a number of girls for
c<K>ktng and Imusework. $20 and $26. city and
country. J 1\ i'Ri -SETT CO.. 816 Sutter st.
C, II HANSEN A CO 101 OEARY ST.
Waitresses. Dunsmulr, Auburn. Bakersfleld,
Jamestown. Keawlck. Gait, city, $20 each; i
chambermaids to wait, city, $20 and $15; cook,
K>T!iett. $25; laundress, hospital, $20.
FAMILY ORDERS
10 Swedish and German girls for housework,
small families. $i. and $20; 20 other girls.
h. usework. 115 and $2<j; mother and daughter
or 2 sisters for Mill Valley. $30. C. R. HAN-
BEN A CO.. 104 G**ry st
C. R. RANBBN t (30 104 GEARY ST.
2 experienced glove salesladies. Apply C. R.
HANBEN A <'0., 104 Geary st.
YOUNG girl as second nuree to help take care
Of children, ir.f.2 Tost st, near Octarla.
WANTED— First -class finishers and apprentices
that can sew well. M\k Sutter et.
WANTED— Girl to h-lp In restaurant asd
bakery. Call 132 Fourth st.
NEAT girl wanted for general housework at
117 Bartlett *t : wages. $15.
Kl,Sl-"NMm.r: girl t *r~ for -h!!!ren from
9 to 5. 904 Van Ness aye.
COMPETENT girl for housework- and cooking.
for Uvermore. Apply 1543 Hyde st.
YOUNG girl to arslst In general housewr»rk;
small family. Wf. Fillmoro St.. cor. Sutter.
NEAT reliable young girl to assist with light
housework and children; $10. 527 Harrison st.
GIRL for reneraJ housework; must be a good
cook. 2«"4 California St.
WANTF-D-Nurrr; J small children. Call 309
Lyon st.; 9 to 12 any morning.
WANTBD— OIrI to assist housework; wages
$8. Call Tuesday morning, 2131 Bush st.
GIRL to do general housework; assist cooking.
249 Fourth St.. upstairs.
YOUNG girl for general housework; to sleep
home, fall 1 to I at 1618 Bush st.
MIDDLE-AOEO tronui used to housework.
1626 Webster St., corner Sutter.
GIRL for homework und cooking; small fam-
lly. 1..' P. •.!►;< ■*.•■: xt.
WOMAN to assist In housework; 4 hours per
diy; handy with nerdk-. 5570 Seventeenth »t.
TOUNO girl asnlst In light housework, care of
Imby: gorfi borne. 1006 Geary st.
WANTED Help In restaurant kitchen. 113
Turk st.
WANTED— GirI or woman to do light house-
keeping In small family. Apply at once at 3SI
Oak st.
TAILORESS wanted on custom ooats. 533 Na-
toma st.
WANTED Young girl to work at dressmaking;
also an apprentice. Address 161SVi Devlsadero.
GIRL wanted to assist In general housework.
737 McAllister st.. near Octavla.
OOOD finisher wanted on custom coats. 804
Tehama st.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Gough and Grove sts.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver. seal-
_«klns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 16 Grant ay.
LAI'IKS to learn barber trade; only requires
eight weeks to learn this very profitable busi-
ness: halrdrewlng taupht In four weeks. Call
or write for free Illustrated catalogue. MO-
_LEIFrBJBARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Responsible, willing woman, fairly
educated, for position In Texas; references.
Box 1745. Call.
WANTED— Young wotran for general house-
worß; need not cook. 1831 Eddy st.
WANTED Mld.ll- ,-..; ■fOBsU Bot iMesMssMß-
er; a Protestant preferred. Box 1796.
WANTED— Dressmaker and an apprentice to
come to work Monday morning. 1318 I-arkin.
YOUNG girl to work In restaurant. 8 How-
ard st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
CLASSIKKD .vivMlHoments and subcriptlons
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH rtflce for tbe reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty -second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subrcriptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lenc);i «t.
lIKI.P WAXTKI) — MALE.
WANTED— American driver for milk wagon;
buttermaker, $30; blacksmith and shoer, $70;
2 farmers for Southern California. $25; farm-
ers $20; baker's helper. $20 and found; night
cook. $9 week; restaurant cook. $40 and $8
weok. and others. J. F. CROSETT A CO..
628 Sacramento st
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY ft READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
want TO-DAY. 7 a. m
> milkers 9 farmers
6 pmners, $30. $26. $25. $20 and found: other
places not advertised
cabinet maker, city J0b..... ..ca1l early
blacksmith for ranch, $35 and found
10 Italian woodchoppers. boss here..sl 25 cord
65 woodchoppors $2 60. $2, $1 cord
DRILLERS AND MINERS
12 drillers, city Job $60
2 miners, single hand, fare $2 50
6 laborers, city Job $30 and found
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL, laundry, bar and grocery department.
14 cooks, different Jobs
• $45, $36, $30. $25 and found
for hotels, ranches, boarding houses, ramps,
saloons, 9 waiters, city and country Jobs....
$35. $30, $25. $20 and found
polisher on shirts, etc. ....$4O
several dishwashers
1 young men, grocery store and butcher's
wagons
young man for delicacy store etc.. s4o and fd
bartender, country hotel, call early
$30 and found
MURRAY A READY.
634 and 636 Clay it.
C. R. HANSEN A CO 104 GEARY ST.
Teamsters for the Coast road, free fare; 30
farmers. $20 and board; 10 woodchoppers, 75c
a cord; blacksmith, $70.
Meat and pastry cook, country hotel, $75;
meat cook, country hotel, $50; second cook,
country hotel, $35; waiter, country hotel, $30.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Machine driller for quarry. $2 50
per day: 2 miners. $52 per month; 20 wood-
choppers, different counties. $1 25 per cord; 10
tlemakers. 100 and 12c apiece; 6 Italian wood-
choppers; farmers, milkers and others; Ger-
man choreboy, $15 and found. W. D. EWER
A CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Young man to do chores for nice
resort, near city, steady place, at $15 per
month and found. W. D. EWER A CO., 610
Clay st.
WANTED — salesman for poultry
and game store; salary $15 per week; refer-
ences required. W. D. EWER A CO.. 610 Clay.
WANTED— Respectable young man as porter
In first-class saloon: American preferred; ref-
erences required. W. D. EWER A CO. 610
Clay st.
BARBERS Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free Employ-
tnent. H. Bernard. Sec..- 104 7th: tel. Jessie ill.
WANTED— man to work In store and
drive delivery wagon; must reside In vicinity
of Nineteenth and Folsom sts.; German pre-
ferred: state age and salary expected. Ad-
dress 1744. Call office.
WANTED— Steady man to keep plain accounts;
assist In light work; will pay $16 per week:
small capital required. 1016 Market, room 10.
WANTED— A man to act as cashier and book-
keeper. Apply In person room 622. 927 Market.
WANTED— An expert male stenographer: none
but experts need apply. Address In own
handwriting, stating references, style of ma-
chine used and salary expected, box 610, Call.
GOOD banjo player wanted. 2726 Greenwich
street.
WANTED— Press boy. Apply at 63t Commer-
clal st.
YOUNG waiter wanted at 108 Hayes st.
GOOD ooatmakers to work Inside; steady work
and good pay. 718 Market si.
WANTED— A waiter at 60S Sixth st.
BUTCHER boy wanted. Call before 7 a. m..
2566 Mission st.
WANTED— Call 7 a. m., 783 Feliom
street.
WANTED— canvasser for medical
Journals; references. Address box 1797. Call.
LUNCH waiter at 1 Jackson st.
WANTED— HeIper In confectionery. 681 Hayes
street.
GOOD tailor wanted for busheUng. 626 Com-
mercial st.
WANTED— Boy to work In dairy. 1183 Fill-
more it.
COATMAKER wanted: also one to work In-
side. £35 Kearny st.
SOLICITORS on suits to order: cash or Install-
ments; no experience required. 633 Market
St., room 9.
BARGAIN— For sale. 18c barber shop; two i
chairs. 606 McAllister st. .
WANTED— A good second hotel clerk at New
Washington Hotel. 354 Fourth st.
SOUTH Sea trader wants sailors. Apply at
HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
WANTED— Young man for grocery busings:
must have experience; references. PETERS
BROS.. 79« Halght st.
BOY, 16 or 17, for outside work; steady; state
age and references. Box 616. Call.
LADY or gent; first-class negative retoucher
DAMES A CO.. 1116 Washington. Oakland.
BARBER shop for Bale; very cheap; lie shop;
good reason for selling; cash or part cask'
Particulars of O. TROST. 1532 Mason at.
BARBERF-Oood-raylng 2-chalr shop: country
town. DECKELMAN BROS.. if* Ellis it.
YOUNG man who understands cutting meat
and deliver and do general work; references
required. J. B. BAXTER, cor. San Pablo
aye. and Thirty-ninth St.. Oakland.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 160 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS— HoteI shop for sale; a bargain
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
VESTMAKER or coatmaker can have nice shop
room cheap. 104 Kearny st . tailor shop.
SPECIAL first-class carriage striper who wants
employment for part of hl« time. 103 Market.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast
dinner or tupper; beat In city. 406 McAllister!
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S
F. BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard st. '
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches silver seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny!
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged half
_ price. 662 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen
at HERMANS. 26 Steuart st.
MEN wanted to learn harbor trade; only eight
weeks required; constant practice; expert In-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorlal art thoroughly; special
Inducements this month; call or write for free
imistrauM catalogue. MOLF.RS BARBER
7 /.!. '.''", cVI Clar V- The on Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
PENSIONS-J. 11. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
OKT your shoes half-soled while waiting: 20c to
60c. 162 Mission St.. bet. Ist and Id sts.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 16c and 25c
- p<r night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st . below Sixth.
for a room; 23c a night; $1 a week.
" ' 2 CH STI:R Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
Jtet: ,00 rooms, Me night: reading room: free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
.8. 8 1 m I n A". an<l «cr!ptlons has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FubFcrlptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
A ¥n i 2 N le .,°L. nor " et ln Oakland. cor"
Eighth and Harrison sts.. Thursday Dec'
.4 ' ,"J« n .* m - 30 l h d - weighing from 1000
to 1600; stock can be seen at place Tuesday
and Wednesday; dissolving partnership ail
caten'^iSveß" t0 ** hMt bU " er '
FOR SALE— Handsome sorrel mare. 15W hands-
sound, gentle and fast; also rubber mounted
harness; also new O'Brien Stanhope bugcv
prices reasonable. Apply 1729 California st. '
WORK horse. $30; Norfolk brood mare wagon,
$30. 19 City Hall aye.. opp. Lea yen worth '
CO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1631
and 1626 Market St.. between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon buggies*
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market!
877 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday'
SULLIVAN * DOYLK. Auctioneer. *'
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
R. H. WINSTON ACO 1026 MARKET~ST~
OVER WONDER MILLINKRY STORE
20 rooms, rent $40. only.. t,,-,
23 rooms, rent $40. only '""" « lM n
48 rooms, good location, only!!!!!!' """" t-.tn
67 rooms, finest corner In city !!!jKOO
81 rooms, cheap rent, a snap !!!!!!!$2500
20-ROOM house; Kearny st $„ "
24-room house: Sixth, near Market. """* V,
3'«-room house; Fourth' st *"" 14M
Loan money on furniture. 1* per Pt. monthly;
$500 and more. German-American. 34 Kearny.
TO buy or sell a house or to furnish your house
new on the Installment plan, call at room 422
Parrott building. "-:- •• ■ •
HOUSES — LODGIXG FOR SALE.
TO buy or sell your furnished houses, see BA-
SILE. 3 Eddy; 200 bargains; I to 100 rooms;
title guaranteed ; money loaned on furniture.
C 3 ROOMS, elegantly furnished, near Leaven-
worth St.: price. ifeoO. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
26 ROOMS, furnished: building on 24 more;
Geary st. DAVIS. 1104 Market sL
87-ROOM house; Just th* thing for some nice
fcmlly; above Post St., near Jones; clears
$150; price. $roo. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
fIOO— FURNITURE of 7 rooms.
$276—* rooms: hard- wood furniture.
11100—24 rooms; all rented: north Market.
Central: always pays. HUNSAKER. 6 Eddy.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: »end for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN' A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK A CO.
HOUSE. FLATS.
1706 Mason. 4 r io! 1*7 Scott. 6 r $17 50
25 Lily aye.. 6 r.. 15 1716 Mason. 6 r.... 20 00
279 Jessie. S r 23 j 575 Geary. 4 r.... I 00
042 Howard. 6 r... M 418 Fulton. Jr.... 109
110 Natoma. $ r... IS 231 Shipley. 1f... 600
SCOTT A HARRIS. 18 Post st.
$*.".— Scott; 12 rooms and bath: sunny.
$41-1107 Post; > rooms and bath; partly fur-
nished.
$40— 2209 Broderick; t rooms and bath: nice
home. • _^__^^_
ALABAMA. 1684. near 27th— House. 8 rooms:
nice yard; rent $7 SO: cozy. Owner 916 Bush.
BUSH. 1234— Sunny house of I rooms and bath:
yard; rent $37 60; water free.
DEVISADEP.O, 121. corner Hayes— A house. $
rooms and bath; 855 rent.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HO WELL.
10 Montgomery st.
JESSIE, 353. near Fifth— House of 6 rooms and
bath, all in good order. 111.
ONE 6-room house; all modern improvements.
39 No* St.. near Thirteenth. ■
REED. 14— House. 6 rooms, bath and base-
ment; lIS. Key 1325 Washington at.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. allver. seal-
aklna. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ar.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— Sunday afternoon, about 4 or 5 o'clock,
on Twenty-first St.. a white spltt dog. nine
months old. Finder please return to 2704
Twenty-first st. and receive reward.
LOST— Bow breastpin, set with small dia-
monds. Reward at California Art Glass
Works. 103 Mission st.
LOST— A small dog. very fat. looks Ilk* a fox-
terrier; answers to the name of Let net; re-
ward. Francisco Hotel. 31 Taylor St.. rm 77.
LOST — A purse In neighborhood or Grant aye
and Geary st.. containing 85 and 2 diamond
rings; liberal reward. Return to 822 Geary st.
LOST— Sunday evening at Orpheum. opera
glasses. Return to OEORGE SPENCER. 427
Eansome St.; reward.
STRAYED away from Piedmont— Small gray
donkey; male. Return to A Mon Chateau.
Pleasant Valley; suitable reward.
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Scclety of San Francisco. In the I
name of JAMES RODGERB. No. 236-1421. |
The finder will please r-turn to bank. j
MEDICAL.
MRS DR. WYETII. reliable ladles' physician
and specialist; home for patients In confine- '■
ment or with chronic diseases, best care; I
guaranteed treatment at office. $5; consulta-
tion free. 542 Poet ft., bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin; hours 10 to E. 7 to I.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In 8. F. for years; treated thousands
or case* successfully; treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; success guaran-
tee^ Write or call at 1023H Market gt.
DBS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.. 1362 Market, I
has returned from Europe with improved I
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
office. $B; warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tice In 8. F. Office, 118 Eddy at., near Mason. ,
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic diseases, with beat possible car*.
MRS. DR. OWYER 610 Eddy st . bet. Hyde
and L&rkln. Office hours— to 12, 2to 4 and
7 to $■
PRIVATE confinement home: sunny rooms:
best of care; nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEOENER.
phone Pine 2781; res.. 1312 Golden Gate ay*.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge:
cure 15: consultation free. 31S Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market: ladles 7
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed: treatment 85.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. $:•: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market St.; hours. 10 ;
a. m. to 6 p, m. : at residence, 229 Van Ness
aye.. E to 9 p. m.: guaranteed treatment. 85. ,
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market
St.; every case guaranteed: 65 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dla-
>«»»« of the human body m Mason at.
MINES AND MINING. ~
W. F. ARAM, wtnlng attorney, room 40. 6th
floor. Mills building. S. F. : tel. Main 844.
BIISCELLAXEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
_ INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont si.
BARS, back barn, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A PAIR beautiful quartz sleeve buttons for 14
cost originally $IS. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye.
FIRST-CLASS fixtures: suitable for grocery or
1 store; cheap. 73? Valencia st.
A SPLENDID piano; must be sold. Apply at
177 Sanchez st.. or Fifteenth and Market.
CASH register and fireproof safe for sale cheap
42 Main st.
AT less than cost: uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
Caution— Be suro you go to the right store
721 Market st.. In the History building.
Charles Lyons has nothing to do with any
other store In the block, his name being in
full over the store (CHARLES LYONS).
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathes
Iron A wool; M hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beule."
ONE H. R. Smith 4-slded sticker: 1 Goode 1 ! A
Waters planer and matcher. 24x6; 1 air com-
pressor. 1 band saw; 5 locomotives; 3 steam-
era. 220 Fremont st.
A -$3 80 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop.
ular Price Hatters, 230 Kearny st nr. Pine.
NEW style Singer sewing machine; E" drawers
oak; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th,'
MAGIC lanterns; new and second hand- acety-
lene generators. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
FOR sale-Billiard table: suitable for private
family. 715 Webster st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences: portable safety boxes;
spe, le chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st.. S. F Csl.
pp 5 ES XT W all 1r" T ' Cnrr " on<l nl » brands
EHt.ns.. fl . r *.£ rl<>ll# flr c] * ' - brlckdust. S. R.
1 Mi R< H. 807 Sansome st. ; tel. Main 60M.
E L > ON MMfrt phonograph, price reduced to
$li>'. concert records $150. BACIGALUPI.
>33 Market St.. Pan Francisco.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 813 Kearny st.
CLOSING out of 100 new and 2d-hand heaters
anil ranges; from 81 up. 213 Fourth st.
DRESS rants. $2 75: fine suit $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SOREN
reliable Jeweler. I "3 Blxth St.. below Mission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies?
boilers and engines. H. S. White. El 6 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers.
water pipe; new. 2d hand. Whltelaw. 211 Spear.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills: by all drug-
gists, or Don Hospital. 510 Uolden Gate aye.
SAFES-New and socond hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Snrrnm»nto st.
MISCELLAXEOUS WAXTS.
WANTED— Morning paper route; about 300 sub-
_scrtrx>rj«. Address A. P.. .-• , Perry St. ■ ■ •
GOLD quartz rock for Jewelry: $22 per ounce
for gold In It. 32« Bush St., 3d floor, room 4.
LOT of old windows and tank closets; must be
cheap. Address box 1354. Call office.
WANTED- To hire 100 flrst-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
LAW BOOKS bought, sold and exchanged at
REUBEN'S. 420 Montgomery at;, upstairs.
LADIES' and children's cast-off dresses bought
and sold. T. Bllverman. IM Folsom. nr. 6th.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent; first,
secend mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages, confidential: advice free. O. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
MONEY TO LOO.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without .re-
moval; no commission; no delays. J. NOON-
AN. 1017 to 1623 Mission st.. above BUtb;
telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try «'• others, then see me; ICO
to $100,000: <! per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. C 6 Mariit
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages ana legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business e.se-
wherc. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. I.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry fetor*. 846 Market
st.: tel. Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. » Sixth;
highest price* for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. ..TO Powell st.
On furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service: money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
€8 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
AT 126 Kearny. room •. respectable private pUre
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator; tel. Davis 996.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and ■>•
furniture or plane*; no removal; any amcuat;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st
$$0"X» TO loan en furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent. WINSTON A CO.. 1026 Market st.
TO salaried men; without collateral or lndors«r.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
$60 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal, no
commission; private LICK. 116 McAllister at.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money «cc H. MURPHY. «3f> Market st.
MUSICAL IXSTRUJIE.VrS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pUnos
where they can be exchanged for a Ste'nway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for 16 per month, and some ~>• '1
pianos for 11. $4 and 85 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY * CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutt»r sts.. San Francisco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldeet and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLKR A CHASE'S.
26. 21 and SO O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs ami
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy, prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th*
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOII-
LER A CHASE. 80 O'FarrMl «L
A DECKER baby upright Is a fine thing for a
holiday gift. See them at MAUVAIS'. 7SJ
Market st. t ■
DECKER pianos and Packard pianos and or-
gans are sold only at MAUVAIS'. 7O Market.
OLYMPIA music boxes are sold very cheap for
cash or on Installments at MALVa: 7SJ
Market st.
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4, $4. $4. $4. ii, $4 per month.
1 Chlckerlr.gs, 2 Stelnways. 1 Vose A Sons and
fifty other slightly used high and medium
grade pianos; special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFO. CO.. 136 Ellis st.
GREAT slaughter sale of pianos on storage;
closing out lot of uprights f*> up: open even-
ings. WILSON'S STORAGE. no Market.
LARGE stock of BaUwln and other standard
pianos; pit'-e^ re.v : •', to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
a SPLENDID opportunity to secure a beautl-
ful upright at a snap. Km It Flood bldg*
ELEGANT Stelnway upright sacrificed for
cash. Room 10, Fl'iod building.
8150— ELEGANT upright, stool and cover: cost
83SO; for sale on $"> Installments. 1115 Pose.
A— ELEGANT Estey upright for sale; slightly
used; magnificent tone. C ■ *' 3 Gough st.
OUR pianos have arrived; r*ntM S3 per month.
Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. I*> Hayes st.
WANTED- Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
EOHMER. Byron Mausy and other pianos. 309
Post at.; open evenings.
WANTED— 2 square pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
308 Post st.
FINE Fisher A Stelnway upright: •aerified.
KHEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
W. H. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent tot
Francis Baron and Hallett A Davis pUr.cs.
0000 upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORN'UXG'S. tU McAllister st.
BARGAIN— upright; cheap. BCIIMITZ. M
McAllister St.. n»»i Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. iT
MULLER. maker, repairer 2 Latham pt.T*»
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
422 PARTIOTT building-Office furnished or on-
furnished; reasonable.
LOFT S3? Mission St.; t*>; power available for
shirt, glove, shoe or paper-box factory.
STORE or factory. 519 Howard St.; 25x130 or
part thereof; light all over.
TO-LET— Store; 23 Sixth Kt.: with baker* oven;
suitable for a bakery. Key nt 225 Sixth •'
IMIiMISTRV.
ARLENI. disciple of Cherlrr>. scientific palmist.
The Norwood. 611 Taylor st. phone Sutter
I.TOI.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME, our own new platinum pap-r;
superior to all and lower In price: samp!*
dot Ke. mailed. Cnl. Camera Co.. 22 Geary.
PERSONALS.
TO whom It may concern— l, B. p. Gale, give
notice that my wife, B. P. Gale, has left my
bed and ard. and I will not be responsible)
for any debts contracted by her from this
date. Dec. 11. IW.
MINERS going to Cape Nome rail and »*•
gold saving sluice box at 1799 Fifteenth st .
cor Guerrero.
LEDERERS Qulntonlca Is the one thing that
will give your hair a tine gloss; 35c Dot. Sola
by LEDEH 123 Stockton st.
HAIR and scalp remedies claiming to cur* all
Ills are fakes; If humbugged send stamp*. In-
formation saves dollars. DR. KUESTEK.
specialist. Narrow Uauge depot : C'< hair
restored In 3 day*.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tnnl*.
carpets, old sold; send for him. {06 Kearny.
HAVE your hair dressed by the famous LEI >
BRER, an artist In halnlresstng. 25c: doll's
wigs made to order; Foamo Shampov, fie pkg.
O. LEDKRER. 123 Stockton st.
NO excuse for wrinkles; removed: lettuce lotion.
Almondlne skin fexxi. Mme. FishT. 19 Powell.
WANTED-Partner, lady or gentleman, with
$6*o, to take half Interest and act as tre.ui-
ur»r In theatrics company; new territory.
Address Actres*. Call office. Oakland.
MANILA battlefields— Large, correct beautiful
map; your soldier boy wants It for Xmaa.
don't be stingy! Sent everywhere on receipt
Of 81. Pacific Publishing Co.. r. 6C9. 927 Mar-
ket st.. S. F.. Cal.; agents wanted everywhere.
JOHN 1. BOONE. Pat Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutler st , Laws a Specialty. .
Fan Francisco, Cat American and l-or-lj;-
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
SUITS to •'•- on easy Installments, L.
LEMOS. li. Market, bet. 7th and Bth.
KLKCTRIC llehts In every room; Wlnch**t<—
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms-
25c to a 10 per night; $1 5.) to 8* per mtki
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
(000 CHRISTMAS trees; sizes and prices to suit
all; delivered; order early. California Chrtat-
mas Tree Co.. ECS Sacramento; tel. Main 12*).
PERSONS desiring to Invest In Nome ml m«
properties or lots should address box in
Call office. ■ . U v <x£'Z
DOLL wigs made of human hair at La Verlte
parlors. 1140 Market St.; telephone Vol»om 44«
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
llclted.- GOLDS TEIN A CO.. 733 Market at.
1 i v MMKKIMI cor /« led : booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A. M.. Ph.D.. 1313 Linden. Oakl.»n,|
BEST price for cast-off clothing and brlc-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 209 Thlrrl st.: send postal.
I ' A , I M TIN * G . an<l Psperfcanttn*; room* papere.l
12 50 up. JENSfc.j fe BATH. 3fi< Sixth at.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair sprclaltliu. grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. • Eddy st.
INCRUSTATION-New Invention for china dee:
orators. See 8. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansoml £
LACHMAN A CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling, 194 Kearny st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off doth.
ins: call on B. COHEN. 157 Third «t. n <"**'
WANTED- Old gold for manuf's; o NOI -.-
jeweler. ?tt O'F^II t,.,. TmJmi ,n4 "»V.Vn:
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR S.XUK.
53400-MODERN »-room cottage on bltumlni^t
•treet; let 25x130: also a large 7-room^ hou«
on Pleree St.. near Halght: houseY bum v
U^. PP F rC NTI!6ON: y bu^e r : lo^« « "«£
$10 REWARD for th* arrest and eonrirtlon Z
k at co?r7"o« 2882 v - "• '""S&SSREAL ESTATE CITY— FOR ■_!__.
AM. M ! X 4 CO., ~ "~ "~
«: MARK, ° PP - KKARNT.
Powntc— n business corner. 127:6*i»;-«- , tnrM
end lodging house. '^renu jssoo annuX
•WES Sr^tiS* •—■ «• » room.;
HUMI
_SS S^JSTg-SSMg * room.
RS.OOO.
MJaaloa M ~»ar Third; 181 «O_tJ beat «•*•
I Mission st. to -day "*''
_ m.too. '
_ ITMO.
iffifiw.^ vicinity Powell and Bush
Pert « : I rood flats mU HO; lot miw feet
_ot Man SMI uS MO modern residence
fir* stable; warm belt M r-.«jrnce.
_j • tISOO.
Near Powell And Clay » * • 2 flat*: rents tit
_ A. M SPECK & CO.. «7 Market .1
ONLY ONE LETT
Of those elegant colonial houses on Central
££fl*2s k' F ; st - : " un ln «*"* r 00 ™: ___
«ood finish; furnace; complete; house must
be seen to be appreciated: open from 19 to
"under. i» Mantf EINSTEIN. Owner
and Bander. 1» Montgomery st.
FOR rale— Cheap, new 2-story houses; 7 room*-
lateft Improvements; Ni# and Hill its.; near
Csstro-st. car*; patent sidewalk.
FOR rait cheap-3 I-story houses. In rood con-
POHLKER "***- aC r How * rd> MRa
IF you hay* lota north of Oolden Gate Para.
*?,* ct T} nX *XSa and you with to »ell tana.
«•■•! en XV. J. CI'NN. «iq Mnnticoniery «t.
REAL KSTATI2 — COI.VTKY — For Sale
HOMEPTEAn. 1300. Sonoma Co. : Improved;
fine property; «ock; lf»caUnn: 60 acre* open
tana, M: OUfornla « . room 1.
BOOMS FOR (..I m m 1 i'i\«.
A BRAN' 'II offic« for the reception of adver-
tisement* and rub»rrlpttcn» has been opened
at IZO Polk »t.; ccr:\ until 4 p. m.
CLAFFIFIED adverttremrnts and »üb»crtptlon«
receued ut Call branch efflce. KOO Flllmcre «t.
EIGHTH, li: — Furnlthed anl unfurnished
rmt, for hou»e kerpinc; reaac&able; al»o s-lti*!*.
FIFTH. 5.'3 — S connecting furnished hourekeep-
::••« room*, f 13: alro ri:.e> rmi., jr.. $6 and $7.
UEAKV. rv Nice runny suite* for uakps. ;
other rooms; runninir water; baths: phone.
OTBRRERO. J?4— Furnished hoo»ekeepln«
ro.->m».
HARRISON. 7Jl— Frcnt and back parlor* fur-
nished complet* for housekeeping; Large
jard; rent 111.
HARRISON. 7Xl— Two sunny unfurnished
room* for housekeeping; »v» v
HOWARD. TCl't— Sunny bay-window suit* for
rcaa and wire. ether* reasonable.
HOWARD. M4-Larße r<x>m», II; week; suite*,
runny. SlO.
L.EWIP. 1». off Taylor, near Po«t— Newly fur-
r.lfheii bedroom and kitchen; ptove; Jl2.
MISSION. K4. nr. Third— l runny front, newly
furnished room vlth stove; rent ::. also i. li.
|jv..«io TO loanondlamonds.m-atche*.sllver.seal-
rkln*. piano*, guns. Uncle Harris.U -ant tv.
MISSION. M&— Nice front room; • .Mine bed;
kitchen: complete for housekeeping.
O'FaRRELIj. XS — Two nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping: also single room.
TWELFTH. 122. bet. Mission and ward - 1
larse hnur«»k*«'pinK • .m». with m- stove.
A BRANCH offloe for Call advertisements and
rur*cripuons has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia «t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* ha* been established at th«
northwest corner of Twcnty-seccnd and Ken-
tucky It i Open till 9 p. m.
ROOMS TO LET — Kara, and Infant.
X^-'SItrN.SWICK iToi'SE. 1«S Sixth— Rooms
tT-c to Jl per night; SI 21 to S5 r*r week, and
light hi-usrkeeplnir; open all nlcht.
AT Hotel rraccJrco. Turk and TayTor rts.—
Jlrmelik* hcufe; modern service; elevator:
t*th; room* toe to fl M day. MRS. J. KINO.
i^'H^MlA. tSJ Pest. cor. Stockton— Klngle and
ci r. tunny suites for gentlemen and families;
rpec. rate* tourists; elevatcr; all conveniencs.
BURNETT. 1«26 Market rt. <old No. IS64)— Fur-
nished rrns.. suiter, slnicle; also unfurnished.
1 ; .-!!. 72(. near Mason— Furnished roomy for
gentlemen: >« and 17 per month; private.
CALIFORNIA. 1400— Neatly furnlihed sunny
rooms; gentlemen preferred.
CARROLTON. 120€ Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well turn; rros, & olflcea.
CI.ASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office.. 2300 Flllmore it.
X'EVISADERO, 1913. corner California— Neat
runny rooms, single or en suite; rent re«a'ble.
ELLIS. Lit— Large runny room; cultabl* for I
rer.Memen; everythlnit new.
FIFTH. IC7— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
FOURTH. 2224-Nlcely furnished sunny bay-
«lndow ar.d alncle rooms; reasonable; quiet.
FURNISHED room* from 11 a week up by a
single woman J7 Vercna rt.
GEARY. 401 (Tb» Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en «ult« or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY. 774— Lojjt* ninny suite of rooms, pri-
vate family; nicely furntehed.
GIRARD House. 1M 6eventh— Sunny furnished
rooms; day or week; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN. Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sta. — Funny rooms, en suite or
■ingle; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye.. 2i7. Ip Samuels' lac* house— En
suite or single; very reasonable.
HANCOCK House. Tti Mission— Select family
rocmlng house; II 60 to 9* per week.
HOWARD. 715—200 runny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric Uirht*.
LARKIN, fcO4— Sunny front room; neatly fur-
nished : -.» or two persons. It.
LEAVENWORTH. 405. near Kills— let; fine
•unny and housekeepinc rooms.
MABON. 21XH— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
reasonable; quiet and homelike.
MINNA •«" corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. II per week; transient.
111 TOM <. 604, near Sixth-- Furnished rooms.
rin*U or ii salt*.
Kr.W Arlington. JOIB Market— Nicely furnished;
tie day up: $2 week up; transient.
NINTH, 20. nr. Market— Front bay-window,
ruttabl* tor 2; grate. ga»; «'•. single. 14.
OAK. 116— ?unny ruite of rooms; gas. bath:
newly furnished; gentlemen preferred.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
of flees ; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
OFARRELL. So4— Sunny ruite ; latest improve-
ments; iccntlemen only; also rlngle rooms.
O'FARRELL. Sl»— Nicely furnished front
rooms; nultable for 1 or 2 gentlemen . rent rea-
sonable^ _^ ——
PBRRT. S4— Fln«le furnished front room to let.
POWELL. HO— Nicely furnished back parlor.
with folding bed; reasonable.
ROYAL House. 12« Ellis St.- Incandescent light.
reading-room. snioklr.g-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. Sic to tl W: week, « to
$*• month, I* to *J0; elevator on office floor.
rooms with hct. cold water: baths.
BACRAMENTO. ISCS-1 rooms; reparat* en-
trance; yard, sun: rent U.
BHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Marktt-Furolshed and unfurnished.
BUTTER. Office of late Dr. Robertson; also
other sunny, handsome rooms.
TEHAMA. ♦" Furnished room.
SffTR. 1». near Market— Large sunny front
room*.' crate and closet; als« small rooms
and ldtcatn. ____^_ |
THE Oak* 111 rd— A good rooming nous*
for rood peopls. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TWELFTH. 142— Two nice sunny rooms; pri-
vate family. __________«________ I
TWO large rooms In rear of 711 Natoma si .
I*l Eighth and Ninth, rent ».'.
VALENCIA. IIC7-2 or 2 newly furnished house-
keeping rooms; «_§ stov« and us* of bath;
rent reasonable. •
VAN NE6S »ye.. X»>— Eleiauitly and newly fur-
ril»h»a sunny bay-window rooms; no children.
VERONA place. 17. near Third- - Furnished
rooms from tl per week up. by single woman.
A BRANCH offlc* for the reception of •«*«_!
UsemVnts and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk ft: open till I »■ ■ ..
A BRANCH" office for Call lsernent« and |
•übrcrtptlons baa been established at 10H a-
lend a »• ;
A BRANCH office for Call advrrttj-ment. and.
subscript has been esut.llnhed at »•
• northwest corner of Twentr-»econd ana K«u-
• tusjkr. ata^ Open till Ip. Ny >^_ i
_ ST AD LE TO LET.
Il l;M~ Fir.c stable Vor 10 horew and^wa^onT
<» Seventh street.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
SADIES— Colchester's English Pennyroyal Ptlls
•re the best: safe, reliable) take no other:
••nd 4c stamps for particular*. "Relief for
ladies. • in letter by return r.:all: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. I'hlladel.. Pa.
UOOMS pax>*red from S3. whitened. $1 up;
painting done. M unman Paint Co.. 118 Third.
HAD tenant* ejected for 14; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<1» Montgomery st.. rooms 8-10: tel r:?o
SEWING MACHINES A.YD- SUPPLIED.
II MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bourht. sold;
machine supplies. 14S Stun, phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, s"' '. exchanged rented; re.
rairlnt nt lowe«t r»te« ««5 Fourth St.
STORAGE AM» WAREHOUSES.
PIEnCE-nODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offl.e 401 Post «t.. Mr. Powell: tel Main 8713.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c : guaranteed I yearn.
The Hoy Jewelry «-> ' optical Co.. MO Kenrnv.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
I ELEGANT »-rootn colonial home* adjacent
University of Cal.; just completed; porcelain
bath: finished In natural wood; all modem
convenience*: sunny frontage; term* It de-
sired M. L. WT7RT3. 17th * Bway Oakland.
TWO flats — 10 room*; modern: near nation; 2
minute* to University: price II500; easy terms.
FRF' A- COr>PIN'GTON. Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
iio CASH. IS to monthly till paid for: chicken
run if»nr;6 feet; sandy loam soil: plenty of
rood water: level land: site, climate and »oil
the best: no foes nor cold wind*; 3 building*
now completed: Westall Tract, adjoining East
• (eet; sandy loam soil; plenty of
water: level land; »lte. climate and soil
best: no toH nnr cold winds; 3 buildings
completed; Westall Tract. adjoining East
Oakland: clo*e to electric car line. 90-foot
boulevard and fine school, price, all told, KM.
Call cr send for circular. 455 Seventh it . near
rvor. Broadway, Oakland; carnage free.
HBNRT Z. JONES, owner.
4 ELEGANT houses In course of construction
en 13d M . bet. Grove and West; t completed,
all modern lmprovaments; street work, side-
walk* done: small payment down: balance
monthly If desired: houses open for Inspection
10 to 4 Pundays. J. H. SIMPSON. 515 iOth at.
OAKLAND FL'UNITUIIB FOR 3 ALB.
AN* Introduction to you from H. Shellhaas. th«
furniture dealer 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Military Supplles.-36 New
Montgomery et.. San Francisco. Cal., December
11. UM. healed proposals In triplicate will be
received here until 11 o'clock a. m. December
21. Un, and then opened, for furnishing ll.'
Woolen Drawers, Shoes. Petroleum, and Wrap-
ping Paper. Naphthaline. Hatchets and Hatchet
Helves. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (Includ-
ing In •he price of foreign productions the duty
thereon), and such preference given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast to the extent of the
consumption required by the public sen-Ice,
there. The United States reserves the light to
accept or reject any or all projioisals or any part
thereof. Proposals for delivery at other points
will tie entertained. Infi>rmatlun and blank
proposals furnished on application. Envelopes
will be Indorsed "Proposals for Military Sup-
plies. No. ■•■:.•■ and addressed CAPTAIN OS-
CAR F. LOKO, Assistant Quartermaster. U. S.
Army. Depot (Juartermafcter.
BIDS wanted — Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans" Home of Cali-
fornia, at Us office, room 13. 310 Sansome St..
Pan Francisco. Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m .
SATURDAY. December 23. iv««. and opened
Immediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
drrs. tor furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. .n.i;j» County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle). for six months commencing
January 1. ISOO. and ending June 30. 190 U.
Schedules with Information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
arrl'rat'on by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
u)e«, and no bid. will be considered unless It
Is In accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to C.
Mason Kir treasurer, conditioned that th»
btdder will enter Into a pood and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceirtance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. JSCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home 'of Cali-
fornia, room 13. 820 P»ni- me st.. San Fran-
cisco. Cel. By order ft the nnard of IMrec-
tor«. - J. J. giv>VTT.T.F. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS^
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Fran<-lsco. State of California.— In the.
matter of Occidental Beet Sugar Company. a
corporation, upon Its application for a Judg-
ment of dissolution.— Notice No. 422.
Notice Is hereby given that OCCIDENTAL
BEET SUGAR COMPANY, a corporation or-
franized and existing under and by virtue of
the laws of the Pmte of California, and hav-
ing Its office and place of buklness in the city
and county of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, has filed a verified application ad-
dressed to the Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California,
which application Is signed by a majority of
the Board of Directors, praying for a judg-
ment of dissolution of said corporation, and
that Friday. December 22d. 1599. at 10 o'clock
a m.. at the courtroom of said court. De-
partment Number Two. In the City Hall of
the City and County of San Francisco, have
been appointed as the day. time and place for
the hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed th" official seal of tatd Su-
perior Court, this 50th day of November. UN.
[Seal] WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
Endorsed: Filed November 10. 1S». WM.
A. DRAKE. Clerk. By JOSEPH RIORDAN.
Deputy Clerk.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
James O*Hagan and Cora Croxler 39-24
Charles F. Orondnna and Adalirsa Arata..26-J4
James R. White and Elizabeth Copley 48-40
Hllvio Pieszi and Isulma Tognl 23-24
William A. Bowman and I>>ra Heap 13-18
Jacob '. M lilt and Ellen Hansen 27-20
Charles F. Morel and Adelaide I. Graaff... 34-25
Charles R. Pmurr and Florence Sherwood.. 2l-U
Leon O. Oelinai« and Angel J. Dl*tel 32-24
Giuseppe Attallno and Levia Segaiinl 22-17
I Eugene G. Miller and Milan O. Lane 27-26
George Mlholovlch and Elliota Raicevich .36-18
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the DUbllcatlon offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorlzeu to have the same published.
BORN.
HENNINGSON— In this city, November 23. IWS,
to the wife of Thomaa Hennlngson, a son.
LIVINGSTON— In this city. December 11. ISM.
to the wife of Ben Livingston, a daughter.
LYON— In this city. December 10. li». to the
wife of Frank K. Lyon. a son.
STEGEMANN-In this city. December 4. IS9S.
to the wife of John D. Ktegemann. a son.
TAIT— In this city. December 5, 18», to the
wife of Dr. Dudley Tait. a con.
DIED.
Balthasar. Hummel Johnson, Jan* E.
Ilevell. Manraret Kane. Winifred
Brown, Charles A. McCarthy. Ann
Corrigan. Mrs. B. S. Meyer (Infant)
CrutchflHd. Mary Miller, Shannon L.
Dunn. Edith F. O'Sulllvan. Mrs. M.
KiltKame*. William Peterson. Alstrld A.
Flaherty. Joseph D. If. ;ffer. John W.
Hagstrom. Anna I«. Renney. William
Hathaway.' Dl E. V. Hlley. Patrick
Hetser. Marjorle G. Taureck. Arthur
Hoecker. John F. Van I>uzer. Oliver
Holland, Joseph Wlllan, Harry
Howe. Camilla C.
BALTHASAR— In Kllngwimunster. Bavaria.
Germany, Hummel Balthasar. father of Mrs.
H. Bohts. HK-d 70 years.
BFVELL— In this city, December 11. 18», Mar-
caret beloved wife of the late R. M. Bevell,
and mother of William T.. R. M. and H. B.
Urvell. Mrs. D. D. Hunt. Mrs. H. K. F.
Williams and' Mrs. J. L. MeCormlck. a na-
tive of Llmetick. Inland, aged 67 years.
C r ien<3B and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 5 15 o clock, from the real-
I MLNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Sueceasor* to Flannacan A Gall««he?).
FUXERAL DIRECTORS AND EUBALMERB,
M Fifth st opposite L 00010 school.
Telephone Sou-fa to. .
■■iBBBBBBBBBBiBBB^B^BBBBBSBBBBBIBB^BI^BBBBBHB^BBBBB^BBBBIBBBBBB^BBBBBBBBBBBB^BBBBBBBBBBBBBB^BBBBBBBBBBBW
IN, F. Dethlefsen. .."has. H. Jacob. I
CHAS. It. JACOB & CO.. I
I Funeral Dtrectom and Embalmers. 318 I
I Mason street, between Geary and O Far- I
I rell streets. Telephone. Main C 213. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1899.
! dence of her daughter. Mrs. J. L» McCormlck.
434 Waller street. thence to Sacred Heart
Church, corner Flllmor* and Fell streets.
wher« a requiem mau ' will •be held for
the reposa of her soul, commencing at 9:ju
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
BROWN"— In this ' City. December 11. MM.
Charles A., beloved husband of Mary Brown,
a native of Karlshamn. Sweden, aged 5S years
and 11 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 10 Stockton place, thence to St.
Marys Church for sen-Ices at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ■
CORRIGAN-In Oakland. December 11. 1*99.
Mrs. Eleanor S. Corrlgan. a native Of Maine,
aped 25 years 7 months and 26 days.
CHUTCHFIELD— In this city. December 10.
1599. Mary Crutchfleld. a native of Ban Fran-
cisco, ared 26 years and 1 month.
DUNN— An anniversary mass celebrated
s. Eleanor S. Corrlmn. a native of Maine,
"d ss years 7 months and 26 days.
Tt HFIELI>-In this city, December \>\
t. Mary Crutchtleld. a native of San Fran-
co, aged 26 years and 1 month.
S'-An anniversary mass will be celebrated
for the repose of the soul of the late Edith
F. Dunn, daughter of Lawrence and Julia
! Dunn, at St. James Church, comer of Twen-
ty-third and Guerrero street*, to-morrow
(Wednesday), commencing at 9 ©clock.
Friends are Invited to attend.
FITZCAMES-In this city. December 11. 1599.
William Fltrgames. a native of Maine, aged
70 years.
FLAHERTY— At hl« residence. 60S Cough
street. December 10. 1899. Joseph D.. Gloved
ton of Catherine and the late Dwmis Flah-
erty, a native of San Francisco, aged 33 years.
ETTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the requiem maw this day (Tuesday), at
HERTY-At hl« residence, 60S Qough
•et. December in. 1899, Joseph P.. be '2 v f a
of Catherine and the late Dennis Flah-
r, a native of t=an Francisco, aged 33 years.
T Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
4 th» requiem mass this day (Tuesday), at
9:30 o'clock, at St. Ignatius Church. inter-
ment private.
HAGBTROM— In this city. December 11. IS9?.
Anna L.. beloved wife of Gustav Hagstrom.
and mother of Ida M.. Annie M. and Carl O.
Hagstrora. a native of Finland, aged 86 years.
HATHAWAY— At his home. 2427 Channlng
way. Berkeley. December 10. 18**. Dr. E. V.
Hathaway, beloved husband of Katharine
Ann Hathaway, and father of Mm. Howard
Stlllman and ' Harry R. and Mary Page
Hathaway, a native of Freetown. Mass., aged
SI yearn and 11 months. . ■
CT Friend*. and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, at his
late residence. «27 Channlng way. Berkeley
thence to Masonic Temple, comer Post and
Montgomery streets. San Francisco, at x
o'clock, under the auspices of Oriental Lodge
No. 144, F. and A. M. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HET7,ER-In this city. December 11. 1599, Mar-
jorle Grace, dearly beloved and only daughter
of Henry A. and Bessie J. Hetxer. a native of
Son Francisco. aged 2 years 10 months and 8
days.
C 7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
HOECKBR-In this city. December 11. IMS.
John F. Hoecker. beloved brother of Charles
H. Hoecker. a native of Gestenmude. Ger-
many, axed 2S years 3 months and 21 days.
C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HOLLAND- In this city, December 10. 1599.
Joseph, beloved husband of Mary A. Holland
and father of Millie, Sallle. Edmond. Ger-
trude. Frank and Floyd Holland, a native of
Cork, Ireland, aged 70 years.
Friends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday*, at » o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 451 Halght street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, comer of Fell and Fillmore
i streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the r*pos« of his coul. com-
mencing at 9:80 o'clock.' Interment private.
HOWE— In this city, December 10. 1898. Ca-
milla C wife of W. F. Howe and mother of
William D . Robert P. and Walter C. Howe,
and daughter of the late R. H. Dikeman of
Brooklyn, N. V., a native of Brooklyn, N. V .
! aged 13 years 8 months and 33 days. (Brook-
lyn and New York papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
d ence. i."l€ Fifteenth street. Interment pri-
vate.
JOHNSON— In Oakland. December 10. ISM. Jane
E . beloved wife of John Johnson, and mother
of J. S.. Annie M. and Eleanor Johnson and
Mrs George B. M. Gray, aged 75 years 10
months and IS days.
; .-Kunt-ral from her late residence. 767
Alice street, to-morrow (Wednesday), at 11
o'clock. Interment private.
KANE In this city. December 11. 1*99. Wini-
fred, dearly beloved daughter of Martin and
Annie Kane, and beloved sister of Patrick.
i John. Martin. William. Thomas. Annie and
Margaret Kane and' Mrs. Torres, a native of
Connecticut, aged 26 years 1 month and S
days.
ty Notice of funeral hereafter.
MCCARTHY— In this city. December 10, 1599, at
her late residence, 8 Minna street, Ann. be-
loved wife of William McCarthy, a native of
Bandon. County Cork. Ireland, aged 72 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the raxlors of
the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street.
th«nce to St. Patrick's Church for services,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery-
MEYER— In this city. December It 1839. Infant
daughter of Alfred and Llda Meyer.
MILLER— In this city. December 10. ISM, Shan-
non Lewis Miller, beloved husband of Mrs.
• ■ Undertakers. 7T7 Mission street.
i«nce to St. Patrick's Church for services.
>mmenclng at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount
alvary <^emetery'
YF.R— In thin city. December 11. IK?9. Infant
tughti-r of Alfred and Llda Meyer.
.I.TFt In this city. December in. 15S>9, Phan-
>n I>ewls Milter, bel«'\ed husband of Mrs.
M. Miller, son of Cordelia Miller, and father
of L. M . M. M . O. W.. E. D.. P. M. and
11. C. Miller, a native of St. Louis, aged 54
years 3 months and 19 clays.-
- C7Remalns at the parlors of the Golden
Gate Undertaking Company.
I'M.IVAN A solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated Thursday, December H. at 9
o'clock, at St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness
avenue, for the repose of the soul of the late
Mm. M. A. O'Sulltvan.
PETERSON— In this city. December 8. 1599,
Alstrld Augusta Peterson, beloved daughter
of Anton and -Augusta Peterson, an. sister
of Oustav A. L. Peterson, a native, of San
■ 'Francisco, aged 2 years 1 4 months and 14
I days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, -419 Mississippi street, between
( Nineteenth and Twentieth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
PFEIFFER— Ia this city. December 10, 1539.
John William Pfelffer (the old pioneer lock-
smith), .husband of the late Marie Prettier,
father of Louis William Pfeiffer. Mrs. F. B.
Walton and the late ' George Pfelffer. and
grandfather of Mrs. F. Brandt and Mrs. Rose
Wise, a native of Germany, aged 80 years 9
1 months and 23 days.
C7 Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend, the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the late residence. 416
Vallejo street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
RENNET— ln 'this city, December 10. 1899. Wil-
liam Renm-y. a native of Massachusetts, aged
7S years S months and 13 days.
CV Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall.
Fourth street, near Market.
. RILEY— In this city. December 10, 1599. Pat-
rick. beloved husband of Mary Rlley, and
father of Francis. Annie, John and Joseph
Rlley, a native of County Fermanagh, Ire-
land, aged S3 years and 1 month.
I TAURECK— In this city. December 10. 1599,
Arthur, beloved son of John and Hannah
Taureck. brother of the late Edwin Taureck.
and grandson of the late Patrick and Ellen
Desmond, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
months and 15 days.
C7Friendc and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at I o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 120 Williams street, between Tay-
lor and Jones, near Post. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
VAN DU7.ER— In this city. December 9. 1899
Oliver, beloved husband of Ellen G. Van Du-
zer. a native of Staten Island. N. T., aged $7
years 9 months and 16 days. (New York City,
Staten Island and Portland. Or., papers please
copy-) ■ •
Friends are respectfully Invited to at*
tend the fun-ral services at 2 o'clock this
day (Tuesday), from the Masonic Temple,
comer of Post and Montgomery streets, un-
der the auspices of Golden Gat« Lodga No
30. F. and A. M. Remains at the parlors of
N. Gray & Co.. 641 Sacramento* street.
WILLAN-In this city. December ». 1839
Harry, beloved husband of May Willan. a na-
tive of Manchester. England, aged 42 years
and 8 months. A member of Manzanlta
Tribe No. 4. Improved Order of Red Men.
CHIEFS and members of Manxanlta Tribe No.
4. Imp. O. R. M., are hereby notified to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother. Harry
Willan. from Red Men's Hall. 120 Post street,
this day (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock. By order
; J. L. GRIFFITH. C. of R.
A Handsome MotleUy DispUy
Water Sets, Liquor Sets, CUret Sets
Tea And ChocoUie Sets. StUd Sets.
COME JUST TO LOOK
QrtAt American Importing la Co.
CHIN AWARE PALACES. .
210-212 GRANT AYE..
PBet. Sutter and Post Sts.
861 MARKET, opp. Powell.
Branch Stores Everywhere.
TAXES PAID UNDER PROTEST.
City May Use Moneys So Collected
for Municipal Purposes.
According to an opinion filed by Cltjr
Attorney l^ane with the Board of Super
visors, the moneys recently paid under
protest to the Tax Collector may be used
for municipal purposes and be apportion
ed to the various funds. The amount in
volved is over $300,000 and represents taxes
on bonds and other securities which As
sessor Dodge imposed on several corpo
rations and estates. The City Attorney
hold* that should thr money be decided
later to have been paid into the treasury
unlawfully It may be recovered by the
Judgment of the court. The pertinent
points In the opinion are as follows:
There l» avtU|u« la tbe law directing that
money paid under protest shall be held as
a sacred and separate fund awaiting de
termination of the validity of tne tax. • On
the mntrary It seems to be the plain in
tendment OC the law thai once the money
nan paeoed Into the hands of the Tax Col
lector It ■hall lost its Identity and become
ran of the general man of the public
funds.
M «*T paid under protest goes Into the
lueiilljf. and If later by Judgment of court
It Is determined that such money wa* paid
under an Invalid assessment the money may
be recovered by Judgment against the coun
ty Astd< tnu the Intrinsic evidence found
In the statute itself the policy of the law
requires that such construction be given to
this statute us will permit the use of all
j.atd for taxes without regard to the
manner In which they were paid. The
TrfaMirer has no knowledge, under the law.
of any money paid under protest. All funds
coming Into his hands are alike and with
out distinction subject to the control of the
government for Its use*.
PARKS OF BOSTON.
Mayor Quincy Sends Important Data
to Mayor Phelan.
Mayor Phelan is in receipt of a letter
from Mayor Quincy of Boston relative to
park Improvements of that city. The let
ter is in reply to a telegram from Mayor
Phelan, asking for detailed information.
Mayor Quincy states that he is a strong
oelfever in the Judicious borrowing or
money for Important public Improve
ments. In conclusion he says:
Our park system represents an expenditure
of loans to the amount of nearly 113,000.000.
It Is worth much more than this, merely a»
an asset to sell, and the Interest and sinking
funii requirements on park loans will not
■xcced the additional taxes already realized
through the effect of parks. I believe that
a good-slied municipal debt is necessary In
order to secure improvements of great value
|O future generations and that a city which
believes In Its own future should not hesi
tate to incur large loans for important Im
provements— though I am opposed to bor
rowing for anything that can be classed as
a current exjvenee.
Mayor Quincy also sent copies of the re
ports of the Boston Park Commissioners
for several years.
GOING BACK TO HER
OLD KENTUCKY HOME
MOTHER OF THE LATE CLAR
ENCE GREATHOUSE HERE.
Out of Regard for the Dead States
man the Emperor Delegates One
of His Household as Escort.
Staying at the Occidental, where she
arrived yesterday from the Orient, Is Mrs.
Elizabeth Greathou*e, mother of the late
Clarence Greathouse, at one time Consul
General of the United States at Yoko
hama and at the time of his death adviser
on foreign affairs to the Imperial court of
Korea.
Mrs Greathouse Is on her way back to
her home In Kentucky, where she expects
to pan the remainder of her life among
Meads and relative*:.
Clarence Greathouse was her only child,
and upon his death his mother, in obedi
ence to his last reouest, decldod to leave
ihe Orient w Ihtd she had passed so many
years with her child, and to k>> hack to
the land <>f her girlhood, forsaking the
Bast, where there were no longer any tics
to hold her.
When Mr. Greathouse was appointed to
the Consulship at Yokohama nis mother
accompanied him to his post and re
mained with him until he resigned and
moved to Korea to till the Important po
sition that had been offered him at court.
He made a success of his new pla
he had of the old one, and ftp Ingratiated
himself with the. Emperor that when he
died be was burled by order of the court
with full military honors, though his act
ual rank. hiK'.i in Importance as it was.
\ku.- officially only that of a civilian.
A- a.-* possible after her son s death,
which occurred »il>out two months ago,
Mrs. Qreathouse settled her affairs and. In
obedience to the wish of the dead states
man, start. -« 1 for her old home.
As a mark of courtesy to -his departed
friend and adviser, the Emperor appoint
ed B. W. Chanf, one of the gentlemen of
his household, to attend Mrs. Qreathouse
across the ocean to her Kentucky home
and offer her every courtesy on the trip.
Mr- Chang Is now with her at the Occi
dental, as is also a Korean boy, who was
by the Kmperor to act as the body
servant to the mother of his old compan
ion during her long journey to the United
States.
Mrs. Greathouse reports everything
quiet In the empire, though she says there
exists ;i Real feeling of uneasiness among
the people at the attitude of China, Japan
and Russia. It is the jealousy of those
three power!" that keeps the Emperor in
possession of his throne, though lie is so
circumscribed in his actions a* far as in
ternational policy la concerned as to be
j practically a prisoner.
TO BOOM IMPROVEMENT.
The Central Organization Lays
Out Plans for Operations.
A meeting of the executive committee
of the Public Improvement Central C«ub
of all civic organizations was held in the
Mills building yesterday morning.
Chairman Rolla V. Watt, Gustave
Schnee, secretary, Mayor Phelan
for himself and S. B. Stone for the Brew
ers' Association paid to Treasurer Dohr
mann $500 each to cover expenses. A large
amount of printing and general advertls
paign Inaugurated. The executive com
ing was decided upon and an active cain
mittee decided to meet .very afternoon
at 4 o'clock In tie rooms of the Mer
chants' Association in the Mills building.
Banners will be erected at Oak stn-et
and Van Ness avenue, Golden Gate l.irk,
where the boulevard connects that ave
nue with the Presidio, at Clement street
and Fourth avenue and other various
points in the city. Maps and plans show-
Ing the boulevards of the city and public
parks will also be published. It WU de
cided to print a paper which is to con
tain data from every source appertaining
to public Improvement at the forthcoming
bond election. The following special
committees were appointed:
Preen— A. S. Llllie (chairman). J. Henderson.
r. Baldwin. A. 8. Sullivan, N. B. Greensfelder.
Visiting— A. Kuef (chairman). Judge A. D.
Lemon. D. Hlrschler. C. Stader. Captain
Robert W. Anderson. '•• "'
Literary— Judge Cooney (chairman). C. B.
Perkins. Ur. R. C Meyers, J. P. Tuohey, J.
Henderson. • '
Registration— l* A. Rea (chairman), George
H. Fletcher. Nathan Dlbo, M. L. Taylor, John
A. Johnson. • •
Mass meetings— George R. Sanderson (chair
man). A. P. Ulannlnl. C. Stader. P. H. Mc-
Carthy. P. M. Wellln.
Printing ami advertising— J. R. Freud (chair
man), John E. .Quinn, Charles Fay.
The following public meetings have
been decided upon for this week:
Wednesday. December 13. Mowry's Hall.
I,aguna and Grove streets; Thursday.
l>.<ember 14. Sunnyslde Hail, Flood a.nd
Circular avenue; Friday evening, Decem
ber 15. Graham's Hall, Alabama street
and Preclta avenue; Friday evening. De
cember 15, Pixley'e Hall, Pacific and Polk
streets.
Mayor Phelan. A. Sbarboro, F. \V.
Dohrmann. D. V. Kelly. E. A. Denick*.
Charles Bundsehu. P. H. McCarthy, Col
onel M. H. Hecht. F. H. Gould, Curtia
Hllyer, P. M. Wellln and Irving M. Scott
will* speak at these meetings.
It was found that the printing of lit
erature, hiring of halls, etc., will cost
something between J3OOO and $4000. and to
raise this it was decided to divide the
city into the following districts, in which
the gentlemen here named are author
ised to solicit subscriptions:
District No. 1. bounded by the north side of
Clay east side of Powell, to water front. A. P.
OUnnlnl, P. Harblerl.
l>li>trict No. J. bounded by the east sld« of
Kearny. to water tront and Market street,
north side of Pine, south side of Clay— Colonel
M H. Hecht und Irving M. Scott.
District No. 3. bounded by the eaat side of
Kearny north side of Market, south side of
Pine— Upman Sachs and E. A. Denlcke
l>istrlct No. 4, bounded by the south side of
MurkH street, north side of Town»end. east
side of Third, to water front-Charles Bund
schu M. C Hassett.
District No. 5. bounded by the south aide of
Market street, north side of Townsend. eaat
side (if Klgbth. west side of Third street — Mar
shall Hale. A M. Pavls and L. Pragw.
District No. «. bounded by south side of Mar
ket street, west Ride of Eighth, east side of
Eleventh, rorth side of Townsend. also north
side of Market street, south side of Oeary
street eaat side of Van Ness avenue and the
w ,Kt side of Powell it reet -Jeremiah Heavy and
Thomas Cluff.
District No. 7. bounded by Market. Eleventh.
Folsom. CaetTO and Twenty-fourth streets— F.
\V Van Reynegom and Daniel Kelly.
District No. 8, bounded by west side of Kear
ny to California, east side of Powell, both
slden of Bush to the north side of Market
■♦reet-B. H. Friedlander and E. H. Mitchell.
A married man says a thing of beauty
ceases to be a joy when his wife wants
one like it*
DECLARE TURNER
VOWED HE WOULD
MURDER FRENNA
Witnesses Swear to
Hearing Threats.
DEFENDANT'S WIFE TESTIFIES
LAST OF THE EVIDENCE MAY
BE SUBMITTED TO-DAY.
Indications That the Weary Trial Is
Drawing to a Close — May Go
to the Jury To-Morrow
Afternoon.
The trial of J. P. Frenna. charged with
the murder of J. F. Turner, la drawing
to an end. and It is expected that the
examination of witnesses will be conclud
ed this afternoon. Another day ought to
suffice for the arguments of counsel, al
though there Is no telling when they will
Btop when they are once under way.
However, it is thought that the case will
be given to the Jury to-morrow night or
not later than Thursday, and then the
long trial, which h.us resembled anything
but a murder triul, will be over, barrlug
the verdict.
The proceedings underwent a kaleido
scopic change yesterday afternoon. The
seemingly t-ndle^s talk of deeds that were
not deeds, of whether the documents were
or were not Illuminated with red lines
drawn through the blank spaces, came
to an end at la*t, and then the defense
started in to convince the jury that Tur
ner had not only bunkoed Frenna out of
all his money and property but that he
had spent the la.«t year of his life- making
threats to take his life as well If Frenna
did not take his medicine philosophically
and cease to bother him.
Frenna was recalled to the stand when
court opened at iK.'W a. m., and on redirect
examination gave some further allege! ]
Information concerning his financial
transactions with the man he killed.
After the attorneys had finished with him
Frenna turned to Judge Cook ajid asked
permission to change some of his previous !
testimony. He then stated that he had I
been mistaken on Friday when he testi
fied that the bunch of twenty odd deeds
which he had transferred to Turner In |
1M« had been in his possession several j
days after he had iLcknowledged his sig
nature to them. They had been acknowl
edged and taken away on the same day.
Frenna then left th<- stand.
A. H. McOallum, A. H Paul and C. K.
Gregory, Ji.lnt occupants of room 27,
Crycker building, followed each other on
the stand, but their testimony contained
nothing new and was simply corroborat
ive of certain not very material facts.
Tm examination of the tlrst named,
however, furnished an opportunity for a
little variation to the proceedings. He
had testified that when Prenna waa. being
MCOTted to his r<x.m by Mr. I'aul after I
th.- shooting he handed him (McCallum)
a letter and asked him to take care of it.
District Attorney Murphy remarked sar
eaMlcaly, in w hat was Intended to be a
whisper, to General Salomon: "I sup
pose that's evidence of Insanity."
Immediately Captain Barnen wheeled
around, and, calling the attention of the
court to the remark, demanded that the
record show that the District Attorney
had behaved improperly within the hear
ing of the Jury.
1 I heard It distinctly." he declared,
"and it was intended to reach the ears of
the Jury."
T. H. Curtis, brother-in-law of the de
fendant, was tho laM witness of the fore
noon, and he gavt- his testimony with the
air of a man who ha«l rapreme confidence
in th<> value of the little tale he had r>
unfold. The substance of his testimony
was to the effort that he had examined
the deeds, over which there has been the
greatest dispute, on a November after
noon In ISI'O in the dining room at Krt-n
na's house. Frenna and Mrs. Frenna
assisted In the examination, which was
made for the purpose of assuring them
selves that the documents were what they
purported to be. Curtis sw<>r<> that there
Cc no red lines on the deeds and that
• did not. at that time, contain any
rence to the property in Sonoma and
sen counties.
His memory was sadly deficient on many
other subjects on which he might reaaor.
ably be supposed to be equally well In
fortned, but on everything that could be
used to strengthen the defense he was as
positive as though the events had hap
pened within the last twenty-four hours.
Mrs. Frenna. wife of the defendant, was
the first witness in the afternoon. She
was dressed all in black, and hor testi
mony was mainly in corroboratlon of that
given by her brother, although she was
equally weak in remembering anything
about the deeds aside from the absents of
red lines, and showing the state, of the
defendant's mind during the times he waa
having his trouble with Turner.
Bhe said that for months Frenna had
been unable to sleep nights and that
after the 17th of August he appeared to
be going out of his mind.
Mrs. Frenna was not subjected to a very
severe croßs-examlniitlon. She was fol
lowed on the stand by Detective George
H. Graham, who testified that he arr*-««t
ed Turner in July, 1595, at which time the
latter declared:
"This is persecution; If this ,
Frenna. don't stop persecuting me I'll
kill him." Graham had afterward told
Frenna of the threat and warned him to
look out for Turner.
Police Officer Chappelle testified that
Turner made a similar threat against
Frenna on October 21, 1898. when Chap
peii«- arrested h;m.
William J. Harrington, who accompa
nied Frenna to J. J. Rnuer's office on one
occasion, when several of the prosecu
tion's witnesses had testified that Fr»-n
na swore he would kill Turner, took the
stand and testified that Frenna had been
as mild ns a kitten on that occasion.
••\\> went to Mr. Raver's office, and
Mr. Frenna asked a big. stout man
(Raver) if he could see those deeds. The
deeds were handed to him. We looked
them over, and Mr. Frenna called my
attention to the difference In the Ink and
the type of the two descriptions of prop
erty. He then handed the deeds back
and. thanking the stout gentleman, we
walked out."
"Did he make any threat of any kind
against Mr. Turner, asked Mr. Hosmer;
"didn't he threaten to kill Turner?"
"No, sir; there was not an ungentleman
ly word spoken while we were in tne
office " replied the witness before the
lUMrict Attorney could get In an objec-
Harrington was almost too accommo
dating or forgetful a witness to add
strength to the defense, as Frenna him
self nas admitted that h*» denounced
Turner on that occasion, although he has
denied making any threat to kill him. as
was but natural. The trial will go on at
9:30 o'clock this momlaff.
BULLETS RANGED DOWNWARD.
The testimony of Dr. J. L. Zabala,
which is of great Importance to the de
fense was given during the trial of
George L. Tanner for the murder of
James Brown and Fannie Barnes venter
day morning. The defense contends that
the murdered couple were shot when
Tannor was on the ground. h» Id by the
throat *>> Brown, and Zabala. was ex
pected to prove this theory. Ho said that
the wounds on Brown's body were in th»
region of tha nipple and coursed down
ward. It Is claimed that as Brown was
the tallest had both been standing th»
bullets would have ranged upward and
this testimony the defense expects will
convince the jury that Brown was the
aggressor Louis Mllle. proprietor of the
house in which the tragedy occurred, was
Uie. next witness. His testimony simply
went to show the length of time the
couple occupied his rooms. The case goes
on to-day. _
Death of S. T. Sterrett.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 11.— Rev. Samuel T.
Sterrett died to-day at 1 o'clock at his
residence. 2104 Alameda avenue. Death
mi ilm- to chronic complulnts, from
which the deceased had for years been n
sufferer. He was born in Illinois April »,
1525 He graduated from McKendree Col
lege at the age of 20 and was ordained at
once a minister of the Methodist Epis
copal church. In the same year he went
to Minnesota, where for over twenty
years* he was one of the best known >f
the pioneer ministers of that State. For
two t<>rnis he was chaplain of the Minne
sota State Legislature. About five yearn
ago Mr. Sterrett took up his residence tn
Alameda. Surviving him are his widow,
Mrs. B. O. Sterrett. and two daughters.
Misses Belle and Grare Sterrett.
Cold Wave in Germany.
3ERLIN. Dec. 11.— All Eastern Germany
is snowbound to-day. The cold Is intense.
Koenlgsnurg report? five Inches of Ice.
In the provlrce of Posen several persons
have been frozen to death. At Munl-h
the temperature Is 14 degrees below z- m
and traffic in Berlin is greatly Impeded by
the heavy snowfall.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Eight.
ARRIVED.
Monday. December 11.
• Stmr Geo Loom!*, Brtdrett. 34 hours from
Ventura. " '
Btmr San Jose. McLean. 22 days 1 hour from
Panama and way port*.
'Stir.r Brunswick. Andresen, 13 hours from
Bill ilia, bound for Redondo; put in to land
passengers.
Stmr Orizaba, Shea. 5 days 7 hours from
Vancouver.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. 18 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs, 15 hours from Albion.
Jap Mmr America Maru. Going. 27 days from
Hongkong:, via Yokohama 16 days, via Hono
lulu 5 days 19 hours 43 minutes.
Bark Harry Morse. Fuilerton. 12 days from
Seattle.
Bktn Tarn o1o 1 Khanter, Patterson. 9 days from
Columbia River.
Schr Arcle and Fontle. Johannsen. IS hours
from Timber Cove.
CLEARED.
Monday. December 11.
Ptmr Tacoma, Dlxon, Hongkong, via Ta
.'oma; S perry & Co.
Stmr Portland. Knudsen, Nanalmo; Alaska
Commercial Co.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Puget
Hound; Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Schr Ruby A Cousins, Walton. Honolulu;
Roger Walton.
BAILED.
Monday. December U.
f-'tmr Portland, Knudsen. ' Nanalmo.
Ktmr Crescent City. Stookfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen, Re.V>nd >.
Brig J D Spreckels, Erratt. Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
Per ttmr America Maru— Nor 15. off Yoko
hama, Haw etmr Aztec, from Manila.
telegraphic:
POINT LOBOS. Dec 11. 10 p Weather
cloudy; wind S\V, velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PO RTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 11— Stmrs San Pedro.
Pomona, North Fork and Samoa, hence Dec
10, stmr I*a»aneda, from San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Dec 11— Schr Anna.
from San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 11-Scbr John A. for San Fran
cisco.
OLTMPIA-Eailed Dec 11-Bchr Magagle C
Runs, for Han Pedro.
ALBION-Sallwl Dec 11-Bchr Newark, for
San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Dec 11-Stmr Point
Arena, hence Dec 10.
REDONDO— Arrived Dec 11— Bark Vldette.
from Seattle.
SEATTLE— Deo U— Btmr Mackinaw,
hence Dec 7. '
Sailed Dec 11 — Stmr Cottage City, for
Bkaguay.
PORT HADLOCK-Bailed Dec 11-Bktn Re
triever, for Kan Diego.
TACOMA — Arrived Dec 11-Bktn News
boy, from Port Townsend.- • ■
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Dec 11— Nor stmr
Thyra. from Yokohama and Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec il-Bchr
Salvator, from San Pedro; ship John A Briggs.
from Honolulu.
COOS BAY— Bar ' bound Dec 11— Strors Em
pire, Arcata and Homer, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dm 11— Schr Albert
Meyer, from New Whatcom; stmr Sequoia.
hence Dec 9.
ASTORlA— Arrived off the bar Dec 10— Br
ship St Enoch, from Panama.
Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Columbia. hence Dec
9. Dec 10— Br bark Ancyra. from Callao.
SOUTH BEND— Eal'ed Dec 11— Schr I>ulah.
for San Francisco.'
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAlMO— Arrived Dec 9— Stmr Mlneola.
from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Mlneola. for Port Los
Angeles. Dec 9— Br stmr Robert Adams for
San Francisco.
KAHULUI— Off port Nov 30— Bktn Quickstep,
hence Nov 1.
Arrived Nov Schr John O North, hence
Oct 30. Nov 30— Brig Lurllne. hence Nov 10.
Sailed Nov Schr John ti North, for Hon
olpu. . . ' . V. .
MANILA— Dec 11— Stmr Conemaugh.
hence Nov ♦: stmr Leelanaw. hence Nov 3
SYDNEY— Arrived Dec 10-Schr Lyman D
Foster, from Port Hadlock.
LIZARD— Pa*xed Dec S— Ger bark Prompt,
from Port Blakeley. for Hambunr.
CALCUTTA— Arrived Dec ?— Br ship Wen
dur. from Alcoa Bay, to load for Oregon.
HlLO— Arrived Nov 23— Haw ship Falls of
iATTTA-ATrlved Deo »-Br shU
from AlK'ia llay. to load for Oregon.
LO Arrived Nov 2J-Haw *hlp Falls of
Clyde, hence Nov7. ' '
Cleared Dec I— Bktn Archer, for Ban Fran
cisco.
BRISBANE— Arrived Dec 11— Br ftmr Mlo
wera. from Vancouver.
MAZATLAN— Arrived Dec 5-Schr Cxar. hnc
Nov M.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Deo ft— Stmr Colon, for
Panama.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Dec 8— Br.ftmr Arab, for
Portland.' ..■'■•-■■•■
FALMOUTH— Arrived- Dec 5— Schr ship Puri-
A PULCO— Sailed Dec B— Stmr Colon, for
OASAKI-Salled Dec S-Br stmr Arab, for
LM'»fTH— Arrived Dec 1»— Br ship Purl
tan, from Tacoma.
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 25— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence Nov. 20; [• 8 stmr Hancock, hnc
Nov 20; Nor stmr Thyra. from Yokohama; bktn
Planter, hence Nov 4; bktn S N Caatle. hence
Nov 1. Nov 2*— Schr . «Jl'?ndale, from Fort
Urn**: !H-hr Eva, from Eureka; Br stmr Ga
ronne, from Seattle: Br stmr Bloemfonteln.
from Newcastle. Aus. N">v JO— Stmr Et Paul.
hence Nov 21. Dec I— Br stmr Abergeldte. from
Yokohama: hark Mohican, hence N'V 1: Hr
stmr I>uke of Fife, hence Nor ?1: bktn W H
IHmond. hence Nov 28: Br bark County of
Mertonette. from Liverpool. Dec I— Br bark
Cardigan Cartel, from Newcastle, Aus; Ocr
bark Paul Isenbers;. from Newcastle, Au«; Jap
stmr Nippon Maru, hence Nov £.'•; stmr Ohio,
hence Nov 24: bark Alden flense. hence Nov 2.
Dec 3— Stmr Indiana, hence Nov 23. Dec 4—
Jap stmr America Mam. from Yokohama, schr
Alice Cooke. from Port Towns«nd. Dec 6— Br
stmr Carmarthenshire, from . Yokohama: Br
stmr Wyefield. hence Nov 21. .
Sailed Nov 2S— Bete Oceania ance, for Port
Townaend; An* Ftmr Slam, for Manila. Nov 29
—Nor stmr Thyra. for San Diego. Nov 30—
Br stmr Lennox, for Manila; stmr Senator, for
Manila; Br flmr Benmohr. for Manila. Dec 1
—Br stmr Port Stephens, for Manila. Dec 2—
Jap stmr Yorhlma Maru. for Yokohama: bktn
PWaglt for Port Towm«end. Dec 3—l*3 — I* S stmr
Hancock, for Manila: stmr City of Puebla, for
Manila: Br stmr AbenreMle, for San Francisco;
Btmr Nippon Maru. for Pan Francisco.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Doc B— Bark Sono
ma from Port Gamble.
YOKOHAMA— Dec »— Br stmr Algoa.
for Pan Francisco, via Honolulu.
Arrived Nov 22— Rusa echr Robrlk. from Vla
divostok.
TALTAL— SaiIed Nov »— Br ship Roby, for
San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Dec »— Btmr China,
hence Nov 9. • '
Sailed Oct Ocr stmr Tetartos. for Port
land, Ma SalKon.
OCEAN BTEAMERB.
BRISBANE— Arrived Dec 11-Stmr Miowera.
from Vancouver, etc..
KAIOCHAU— Arrived Dec X— Stmr Guernsey,
from Portland, via Muoran.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Dec 11-Stmr Arab, for
uver. etc.
V— Arrived Dec t— Stmr Guernsey,
nd. via Muoran
Ll— Sailed Dec %— Ptmr Arab, for
Portland, Or.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Em«.
from New York, and proceeded for Naples and
Genoa.
NEW YORK— Arrived D«c 11— Stmr Amster
dam, from Rotterdam.
RAILROAD TRAVEL,
CHICAGO
IN 3 DAYS
. . . VIA . . .
Chicago, Union Pacific
• .. . MNO .. .
Northwestern Line
*T»ry Day la tat Year from Saa fraaitMo
AT 8:30 A. M.
Buf»t, Bmokiaf tad Libriry Car*. vita
karb«r.
D»abli Drtwing-reoa SUtitng Oar*.
Dining o»ri— a It (trti.
Brtakfut in Diner •■ Litring Oakland PUr.
Daily Tartaga Ttiritt Car U Chicago Without
Obangt at 6:30 P. a?7^
If. IV. HITCMIE. V.*,'- *
2 Itw If nifm*rj St. (Hn Agt. Puil* Cout
Palact Hot*:. SAN FKANCISCO.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Lcava Ban Francisco via Sauaallto Ferry.
WHk Days— •:» a. m. arj 14ft a, m.
»uwlaya-«:00. 10. 00 a. ra. and l:lTp. m
Bta«Jß-b*ats<l closed ca. on aU traiaa.
yaw Mi a Ft u>clao« to bummlt and tutors.
HA
X^"V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
flOaWl 02 "' KEABSTOT. Eaubll s h-<1
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensar} ,
<t'jr>KEAR>TNT. KstablUh«<l
In 1*54 for the troatrnrnl of Pn\ »t»
ffi^-V J Mf Ulseas»-8, Lo«t M»nh<H«l. Debility or
t^^BM^B rllvaac wearing un bo«ly mind and
iJI B Klein rti<M]ocu>rcur*awb*ii
■?■ W others fall. ' Try him. Charges low.
?W CorMzunrinirrd. CallurwrlM.
Dr. J. r. *H»U9S, B*x I»3f,bao yrudno.
EAILEOAD TEAVZL.
mo i Tiir.RN t-*« irn <««r*»T.
(rAtirio system.)
Train* !••«• urn* Hrr 4*« to »rrl»» •«
• wax >vim ■«« «»■
(Main Uae. Foot of Market StfMl)
— ___ ____________ ■
Lbati — From Xoyxhbu 13. 1891. — a*_iy_
•7i#oa Braids. Sulaun and Sacramento *7il3p
VaeaTtlle and Ramsey.... •» »4»r
•7i««» EbMU Exprr^-lMTi* Willow*
Red BlutC Portland, *7»*3r
•7i3oa Martinet, Baa Karaon. ValWJo. :»a;a.
CalUt.nau IKtau llota •»il»r
•SißOa The Of rUnd Limited- Ofdcn, Den-
»er. OtnitA. t'fclcaji »3il3r
•»i3OaS»h Joae. IJiermcre, Htoekton.
lone, B acts men to. V\*ettiLle.
JNrji»l:K Chlca, Kwl lllitit MitUr
•*!»<»* •Mliu»o.u»».!»;«»a.l xonora •lil3r
AS4II Jua-. Mterm. ra. Ht > ■
loM, Haeramrut.). I'lfcrrnUe,
Mary"! I*. Chlea, I>l lli.ilt MitWr
A •Milu.o. oak<!_a*M n..0 r» •lil-lp
•OiOOa Harward*. Niln and « Stations. •• li 1-1*
• Uioo* AtUntlo Ktpitts— Oplea »ail Em« *»:4»a
•ViOOa Mtf.tnn. Tntt. Utnrup. blockton.
Mtrcr.UD.jrrr.ao »iail3r
•9i«Oa Pert CoiU. Knsj.a, UoJ»»» sod lx*
, Aiiielr*. '•:«•>
•IOtOOi VslleK VUrMnra and W» y Hutlooa *otl3p
•1 liOUa IltTw^rdi, Mica sod Wsj HUtliiM. •»■«■> P
•IStOOM Mica. I.iT«Tmot*. r".oe«trn. Hxctx- ' ■
meoto, MruJoti. llsofard, VUslls,
I'onerrUlo MilSr
tltOOr Sacramento lUf Hl«.m>n ♦Hitor
•StOOr HviuJ*. Nllt a sad Wsy Station*. •■»:«» r
•4ioop Msitlnex, Han Idtniun. Vsllejo.
Nap*. CalUti.f*. haul* Ross »»il»a
•«i»«r B«nlcl«. Vscsf Ule. tUcrauientn.
Woodlsad, KnlghU 1-AuUiiig.
MarfiTillc. Otntii!* '!»:"«
•4iB<»p Nile*. Man. l. •»•», I Stockton *9«Mf
•3tlH)rTb<i Owl Limited— Tncr. Frraoo.
- lUkenOeld. Hangna for bints Usr-
bars. Los An«. lea. •»»«»
•3iSor Stockton, Mtrceil. Fnwnn •IVU3r
•SiSOr Vieano, lUkrriUeM. >«..t* lltibitra.
Lcs Angeles IVmloc. El I'm*
New Orlrau sod F.a»l •*»«•«
■Oiß*r BsuU Vm lloul«— Al!»utlo Eipicas
for M..)»>» and Rml ••:•••» r
••■•Op JjA)war.l«. Nile* sad Kan Juso *?tI»A
♦ 6::iwr Vutlcj.l •• *:••■»?
•Oi3o r Oriental M»U— OjJra sad E*«t •»i.^«p
p. ©Or Vail. I'ufi Coats snd Way his-
tiyuj :•»»»»
•BiO3r Orrgousnd Csllfornis llirreM.Mae-
r»ui*ut... M»r>iii- I'.r.Mhu.
Portland, rmtl Hoin.d and K««t »*il»4
COAST IH VI>IO> Oarrotr lisa^e}.
.;■ ■ (Foot ci Market Htrrt:t.) _______
~ •0:1 Newsrk.OcnUtillle.Haa Jo««,Kcltcn,
Boulder Crt Haut * sod Wsj
HUUoos »3^«r
t»il»r Newark. O«utcrTllle, Han Jcte, Now
Almsueo. FoJton. li..ul.!cr Creek.
Hint* Cnu sod I'rloclpal War
Htatloos ••»»•*
■Mlf ?.'cw»rk. Man Jose. Los (Jato* *»:»«4
|llil3r llunttrV Cacunlan. Mi»u Jv*« sJid
WsyHUtloca Pi—
. CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Mail* raiicisco— fnt «r i*r.«i Strut (S:>» d-
•7:ls 0.00 ll:O0A.M. tI:S3 -.:: ii»
•4:00 18:00 # B:C3r.ii.
rnsOaUßO— ri«t*rßrul*iT.— *«00 8.00 1000
113:33 1:03 11 00 **:3 14:00 '3:C3r.ii.
COAST UiriSlO.l (Uroad Gauge).
• (Tht nl and Tow nl SU.)
>*<lOa Oeasii View, ttou'.h rtaii Fraactara.. 1«iii»»
•7iOi»a Ban Juao and War Nutlona (N«W
Alnsden Wc.l,,«*Uyi' .. "I«M_I
•viwOa Han Jnae. Tira I'li'ia. h«nt» Crii.
« I'-cllle (lr ,t«. I'ato Itublrs. Baa
].iiU Olilano, Biuf, Lotapoc su4
I'rliiclpal W«» Hutlotis •<■!••
•l«il«4 Rail Joiasa.l Way Huiluin *«iMa
•lIiIUa Hsu J .-a* and Way ntall • . *3iJ\)r
t Isr bau Mac.. lUdwood. Mtulo Park.
I'slo Alto. Hint* l.'Ur*. Han Juse,
Tr*a Pino* flauta Crux. Hailaa*
•looterer ■'"> l'»rl(lo drove lltrMt
fliJinr Sao Joeaaud Way MUttone *7iSor
f«:l»r Han Joieaud Principal Way Sealloo. •»:!.'>*
4 3 i«O r Han Jose sod Principal War Hutions tt:»«*
•&i3or 9anJna»a_.l I'rinelpal Way BuUom *U»
•tiiUOr n«a Joaaanl WarHutlona t^i«»A
ijj;43r San JoeeaiidWar fcutlona *7i3or
A for Mor-lnc Pfor AlUraonn.
•Daily t ■ !ay»i-»pl»-1 I Bujidai i-nl/.j
6 Batnrdar oo'y.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IV. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaron Parry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FItANCISCb TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYfI Hi. 1:00. 11 'JO a m . 12 n
3 JO. 8:10. 6JO p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11.20 p. m. Saturday*— trip* at 1 jO
and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDaYS-DjW, 9:10. 11:00 a. m.; 1:10. 3:30.
1:00. *:2U d. m.
BAM ItAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— « 10. 7:M. »:20. 11:10 a. m. . 12:41.
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trip* at
1 Si and «.*i p. m.
SI'NDAYS-l:10. ».40. ILU a. m : 1.40. 3:40. its.
£ ■ d. m.
Between San Frandsco and Schuctzen Park
same scbrdula a* stove.
Leave 1 Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 15. 1— —
Week Sun- ISW. Sun- Weelc
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am S:oOam Novato, 10. am 1:46 am
1.30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. <:05 pm 16:15 am
6:10 pro 6:Uopm Santa Huaa. 7:33 pm 1.23 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:8 am
Mealdiburv.
Lytton.
Geyservtlle. a
1:30 pm 8:00 am CloTcrdalc. 7:33 pm 1:23 pm
7:30 am Hoplani and
8:00 am I'klah. 16 pm 1:23 prn
7:30 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guernerllle. 7:33 pm
8:30 pm (:23 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 1.46 am
an.l
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 1:06 pm 1:23 pra
7:30 am 00 am Ecbastopol. 10:49 am 10:23 am
1:10 pm 6:o' pra 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Spring* and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttr.n
for Lytton Spring*: at Geyserrtlle for Hkaa-gs
Springs: at Clr.Terdal* for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Spring*.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Uay. Lake-
port and Hartlett Springs; at I'klah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Splint;*. Blue Lake*. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. I'omo.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. U actor's,
riucknell'n. Panh»«lrin Heights. Hullville. Orr*a
Hot Springs. Men.|"<-|n« City. Fort Bragr.
Westport. Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle. Cuny
mlng s. Ball's Springs. Harris, Olson*. Dyer,
Bcctla anil Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office*. 436 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
Th« fastest train, ranntnf <rr*r tb« b««t r»n«
road, with th« bl|b««t claaa aecommcHlntlon*.
Connecting train leav^t Baa Francisco at
1:04 p. m.
MOSDAT. WIDKZBDAT. FBIDAT. BATCEDAT,
ArrlTtcir In Chicago at 2:13 p. m.
rtIDAT. lOIfO4T. TUESDAY. VIOHUOAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Palae* and
Upholit«r*d Tourist Cars leave Oakland Mot«
for Denver, Xanaaa City. Cnlc&go aa4 th* East
m p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
B«twt«n Stockton. Fresno, Hansard. Vlaait*.
Tuiar* and Uakcnfleld. furnishes good local
train — rrlc*.
Ban Francisco office. S3 Hark it., telepaoat
Main 1531.
Oakland cfOc«. Ill* Broadway.
Eaerarntnto office, 101 J strict.
Ban Jos« offlc*. T Wftt Santa Clan. str*«t.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vis -■■■llfr Parry
Commencing October 1. int.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLCT
AND HAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS-1:C0. •» 30. 11:69 a. m. ; »l:4a.
•1:40, 6:l*. « 0». I 10 p. in
E^TRA TRIPS*— For Mill Valley »n.l Saa lu-
fael. on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays.
at > 00 and 11:20 p. m
SUNDAYS-*? n». I<f.V>. 'U:3O a. m. ; n-.0,
a.U. •«:«. «JO. » 00 p. m
Trains marked ••) run to Pan Qntntln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATP-*:ls. •«:». 7:i3, •».*» a. ov;
•11: JO. : U. 1:40. «5 IS p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays ana
Saturdays at 4 4" and 10.15 p. m
St'NDATB— 4 JO. 'ii:00. •10:00, U1;« a. m.;
•1 40 M:!*, 4 4.'. *t ?'" p. m
Trains marked •*) Mart from San Qa«nttn.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-»:«, •:«. ':%. >«• a. m.;
IJ:SS. »:», 3 .4.'.. &:» p m.
E^TRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
EhturdAyi at TO* and 10:10 p. in
RI-.NT.AYB-I* 10:03 a. m. ; i::CS. 1:11, I:**.
1:00. 1.46 p. m
* THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week li i "mil-r and way stations.
J 40 p. m Saturdays— Tomates and tray stations.
t:fr) a. in, Mundars^Tumalgi. and _war_staUocj.
1112
REED'S FRIENDS DENY
STORIES OF DUAL LIFE
Say Garcia Legacy Was Resti
tution for Sharp Practice.
Attorneys for the Child Heiress Are Waiting
for the Other Side to Make the
First Move in the Case.
Ji
IM the
• • .
.■ <;axcia-
the
I
. have
■
The r.tory" of Mrs. de Garcia as told to
!:cr attorney j.nd published In yesterday*
Call lhat neither aba nor the child had
keen or had any transactions whatever
He«d would ec^m to bo borne out
ly the facts. It is probable that the old
..;■..-: iiever naw the six-year-old
c.';;;J to whom he bequeathed a handsome.
fortuaa. Ho knew of her cxlFtetscs and
knew that she Fhould rightfully have ln
l.t-rlted what wa> In the hands of others.
;i:id hence the surprise he caused by bit
wi*x.
. | - *-.-irw re
: . when
; •
»
ltoed transacted soroe of his business
with the Hank of California and the p<
cret that was mailc known by his will
!.a»i l-.-vn rojifiiiid by him to a few of hlb
]i!o^erx acquaintance*. When K«-cd laid
the •..:... -r: :. of his fortuno much of the
territory whcra he settled was held by
•.he Mexicans, and the knavery of Horace
CarpoitUT. who impersonate a priest In
erder u> induce oid l»on l'cralta to deed
j«ay h'.s h«-rlt.ace In Alameda County.
was not unknown on the other side of the i
bay. Among ihn*<» who are crt-dlted with
taking himi:ar .-idv;tntac«s was John J.
H«h"1. but. unlike Carpfntler, the San
•...:.i.-; cujiitallfct In thr c-venlng of his life
llfct^xu-d to hla conscience.
"1 do not ki;dw that I ever met Mr.
Rr*d personallr," tald Satnuel 11. Dan
i*!« of th« Back Of California laft niKht,
"but I have heard a Rood deal about him.
I know his iilaoe well near Tlburon. and
In- was, so Jar as I know, a tquarc-deal
lnc man. Wh. :i my father. Heed. J*r.
Lyford and others sottl^d there In the
•lay* wh«n San yuontln Prison was first
pomewhore nbout ISSO the Mexi
cans or Spanish held much of the land
ALBERT KENT BROUGHT
BACK FROM YOKOHAMA
Pmty " :jo:> Venton, With Whom
Ec Eloped, to Be Tried for Com
plicity in the Crime.
Albert M. Kent, who eloped from
Jcmtsiown, N. V., with Marjorle Venton.
an actress, after forging* h!s father's
name to a draft for }16.0i>0, and who was
Subsequently arre-slcd in Japan, arrived
Ji< re v,st«-ri!ay on the steamer America
iiaru in charge of Chlff of I'ollce Johnson
Of .lamestown. Tho Venton woman was
hjijif h«>:i«je<t In 1 1:1^ city rume time ago
:n ::')w ax\ali;::g trial.
Aft<r cashing the forged draft Kent,
who was. de*-;H-rately in lovo with Miss
Venton, Induced her t.» elope with him.
«otwlth?iaiii!iiK that h« had a wife and
child. As soon as they disappeared the
«lraft *au found to be worthless and th«
j.ollrc at once notified. The couple were
i raced in Victoria, where they took pa.««
ar« on a steamer bound for Yokohama.
The authorities at th* latter place were
cnmnjunlratfi with and t->ld to hold Kent
and The woman. They were found at one.
of the leading hotels and hwmed surpris
ed tl:at they had l«-c:i discovered. On
Kent was found SC-onu of the money he
had eibta'.n^d on the forged draft. Sewed
up In th« lining of Miss Venton's dress
was J2>»» in pr«-enbaekp, which she readily
admitted had been riven her by her lover.
The woman wnn ;illowod to go. as she
< laimed tOie knew nothing e>f the forgery,
and that rh<» took the money thlnKlrig
that It rightfully be longed to Kent. The
latter, however, was iock«*d up pending
the arrival of an oHie^r from Jamestown.
Aft«r hfr lover had been thrown In prison
Miss Venton took the first eteamer out
cf Yokohama nr;d tame to this city. She
■was met at the wharf by Captain Sey
mour, who had l*»en notified by the Chief
of Police cf Jamestown to appreheoid her.
She was h<*M In the City IVl^on for a
»:hort time and finally Rent back to James
town In charge of an offlcer. Kent will
ntnrt in h!« return trip to Jamestown to
«!ay. lif i\!U be accompanJed by Chief of
lv.Hre Johnson.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A PEEP
Into the future would sadden
rrn?ciri<7D e n many V hap ? v
r^wwx'lo woman. Themis-
i/CisOv^O'd er> of marria £
feiggM^^] of ten results from
f^^^»^^S\s/l ailments which
YmJKf v?i J<^^j maidenly mod-
*?£■' Z*^y esty kept hidden.
B"^ j^^pj WTien doctors are
jo^r^) 'ifWfiP nt last consulted
PHO9 '~*/\ they frequently
(€i XS&J (S fail to hel P-
rC\ *— g They do not un-
lj* l 4S^~ j^ derstand the root
AfJ\ s, (y of the trouble.
<£ >jE^J Dr. Pierces Fa-
t& » % TT -4Xm vo " te Prescrip-
3j r^*~JJrc on has cured
\y *^^TRXi r\ n t housands of
fSi / . •Tt» > V cases where doc-
D) ' /' ) * '<\ tors entirely
g! J^ '(/S failed.
f^ %<^jl v v " I had been a great
l^J \\\ \^Stasr*A Bu^ erer rom female
[5 \\U IvTv weakness," writes
Pi *\\\ 'llbllT\ Mrs - M - B - Wallace,
r5 \\\ v'l Api of Mnenstcr, Cook
t"l v (iff i^ Co - Texvv "/It
r* \ '• /v I j f our dortors ana
~j 0 4' /y/s£ r\ *<***' did me any
C- I*^1 *^ ' ' f _\X Rood. I suffered six
(yrj^fc^^ s<f^C3 years, but at last I
f^<siV^tQ^r*l found relief. I fol-
&£jp<?s>itXQ>jfei l° wf d your advice,
pfP?xS3r§?*}\iip | S and took eight bottles
U)JJb^*ir»fVJ of 'Favorite Prescrip-
CT^Ljc (wiit4>Vsn to n ' ant^ OOT °^ Ml 6M 16
tjO^S^S^J'^i-J'-I "Golden Medical Dis-
rVr(r?L QTr^S covery.' I now feel
L<cjw3>»*» ii~ j-j^, a woman.
I have gained eighteen pounds."
favorite prescription
MAKES WEAK WOMEN STRONO
AND SICK WOMEN WELL.
under old Spanish grants. They knew
but little of Its possibilities and could not
foresee how their holdings must Increase
In value under the American occupation,
and I fear many of them got the short end
In the deals they made with the shrewder
Americans. I have heard that Rw-d wan
not altogether satisfied with the manner
in which he acquired some of his prop
erty. As a matter of fact. I have heard
sevt-ral people, especially since his death,
refer to the big legacy left to little De
Garcia and say that Re, d provided for
her in his will as an act of justice to the
girl and as a satisfaction to his own con
science. 1 never h*ard this from Reed
hlms-rlf. but it Ik not new to me and I am
inclined to believe it la the truth.
"I think Heed married a Spanish or a
Mexican lady, and no doubt he had much
dealing with the race, though I cannot
say that I am acquainted with the details
of any of his transactions. I do not place
any credence In the story that Rood led
a dual life and that little De Garcia is a
relative of his. What •■• ms to substan
tiate the statement that Reed's legacy to
the girl is an act of restitution is another
fact -.'hJi-h I understand to be true that
there will be no contest to the distribu
tion of the estate, in accordance with the
terms of the will. If there were anything
doubtful about the relationship »>f Reed
and the '.• Garcia child it is hardly likely
that the son would let her have so large
a share of the property without protest."
Mrs. de Garcia was In consultation with
her attorneys yesterday and the plan of
action wa» discussed. There was virtu
ally no plan decided upon, for the attor
neys for the little hf.ln-ss will make no
move until the other Fide has shown it*
hand. Any >ign of a contest must come
from the family of the testator, for the
child's attorneys are satisfied with the
will ns it is. The case will come up be
fore the Matin County court on January 2.
STARS WILL SCINTILLATE FOR CHARITY'S SAKE
a OBODT forgets the magnificent
kt I spirit displayed by the theatrl
|\| . ;• i when San PtandSCO
111 was making her great effort to
I ■ r.:is.- funds for the reception and
I talnment of the bosae-com
" Olunteers, Nobody wants
It They couldn't if they
.i!.i Their oonsdences wouldn't let
>m. It was the subllmest epoch in
tht city's history, n spectacle for the
, ' an ( xaniple to all men.
>■< dy knows now gladly the
and actresses then in the city
volunteer & Hi sir services, wining to
<v. anything to roll up the dollars for
the entertainment of the returning
.. They • Bed vol
unteer army tb) Everybody
knows. • what the managers did.
For thrr. wtmss before thf big bene
fit day they worked harder than their
i.wn jn»-si. ajt-r. 1 tfttl of busi
ness rivalries, obttvtous to the orav
• man or the seduc
tlonii of Morpheus, unmindful of any
DIBBLE HOLDS
THIRTY MEN
UNDER COVER
Scheme to Play Old
Signatures
Clumsy Tiick of the Bosses to Gain
Votes or to Pave the
Way for a Re
treat.
Extra session is the all-absorbing topic
of comment in circles political. By dili
gent Inquiry addressed to Republican
members of the Legislature individually
The Call ascertains that the following
legislators have not signed for an extra
session:
.-vtors nulla. Rowell, Davis. Taylor,
Glllett.:. Stratton. Bojroe and Smith.
islymen Bobi—on. Melick. Brown.
NVade, Oonrey. McDonald of Alameda,
Betahaw, I-ardner, c'l^mgh and Radcllff.
It is MMTted that Assemblymen Dun
■ 1 Haw h.ive agreed to
t-'.Kii f .! a rauris of eighty-live, but will
qn for a caucus of sixty-one, f»-ar
ap Ju.lßnient if the caucus r<-pre
• «-s it.:in the whole number of Re
publicans.
The promoters of the extra session
movement, therefore, maintain that sixty
four members of the Legislature have
signed— or all Republican members other
than those mentioned in the foregoing
paragraphs.
Clo?e Investigation brings to light the
significant fact that the thirty supporters
of D. M. Burns have not signed, but the
extra-session managers assume that their
signatures ti the caucus call at the regu
lar session last winter constitute all that
ils now required. The last information ob-
I tamable is to the effect that Judge Dibble
j holds the document signed last winter
and there Is suspicion that ho may hold It
• — ■ — ■'■ ■ i ■ — — ■' — — - — •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12. 1899.
MRS. DE GARCIA, MOTHER OF REED'S LEGATEE.
untll he Is convinced that thirteen of
the new signers will enter the Hums
camp.
Governor Gage Is not possessed of an
overstock of political sagacity, but he
will surely insist that Burns' thirty shall
pledge themselves to adjourn when the
Governor d«t»lren adjournment. The cau
cus signers other than those in the Hums
camp have accepted the adjournment
condition. Such condition was not ap
pended to the caucus agreement of the
last session.
There is a lurking suspicion that the
Hums men will hedge and back out when
they apprehend that the anti-boss mem
bers 01 the Legislature are In a fair way
late personal unpleasantness, they
shed thrlr coats and Joined hands In
the greatest "brother" act ever seen
In San Francisco. They worked day
time, nighttime and overtime.
Everybody knows the result. The
public figured that the player f"lk
would add n couple of thousand dol
lars to the reception fund. The man
agers thought that by good luck they
might reach the five thousand mark.
The actuality staggered everybody and
a ebeck for more than Itt.QM was
turned in to the finance committee.
That's the Hurt of stuff the theatri
cal managers of San Francisco am
man- of. and n is also On- material of
which their player folk are Conned.
Nothing In Rnn Francisco should be
too good for such people. At any rate,
any number of people have said so.
It will soon be seen whether or not
this was mere lip servi' •••
For, 10, these many years — so many
that it Is too much trouble to figure
out— the theatrical people of San Fran-
to rally a sufficient number of votes to
control the caucus.
There would be less suspicion of Jur-
Ullng and »harp practice If the extra-ses
slon manipulators would come out frank
ly and declare that the caucus agreement
of last winter Phall not go for \he pro
posed extra session. The signatures of
the Burns men should not bo counted
until they Individually sign the pledge to
go Into caucus, abide by the caucus, nomi
nee and adjourn when the Governor de
cires adjournment.
The Burns men want an extra session
If they can get a majority of Republicans
pledged In advance to support Burns,
when Governor Gage holds another In
terview with Mr. Miller the suggestion
may be made to the Assemblyman that
the old caucus agreement will not be con
sidered It appears that the deal Is now
up to Dibble's thirty.
Mayor Phelan.
Mayor Phelan dined a party at Zlnkand 1 * the
other evening. Thin In only one of the many
times our Mayor hat been the host at ; Zln
kand's. *
■ » ■
COAST JOBBERS ARE
SUPPORTED BY EAST
Talked With Merchants and Manu
facturers, Who Wished to Know
How They Could Furnish
Their Assistance.
"Wakefield Baker, president of the Pa
cific Coast Jobbers' and Manufacturers'
Association, yesterday came home from
an extended tour through the East. He
put In a good part of his time abroad in
working for the Rood of the association
and the cause that the association repre
sents. He found the people of the At
lantic coast fully aware of the situation
and of the common Interest that exists
between the Pacific and the Atlantic
coasts In the matter of graded rates. . •«
"I visited many cities In the East and
talked with a great number of merchants
and manufacturers who do business on
the Pacific Coast," said Mr. Baker, "and
without an exception I found those on
the Atlantic coast with whom I talked
In entire accord with and fully under
standing our position. They frequently
asked what they could do to help us in
the fight that we are making against the
plans of the Middle West Jobbers. I
think that the moral influence will be
felt in behalf of our contention, and they
will do all that they can. The success
of the association la a bobby with me :
and I naturally talked about our work
a great deal."
Eastern associations of business men
have already written through their rep
resentatives that they, oppose the graded
rate proposition which the St. Louis Job
bers urge.
Mr. Baker said he thought that the In
terstate Commerce Commission, after the
hearing to take place In this city soon,
would be adjourned to the national capi
tal for the taking of rebuttal testimony
and the general winding up of the hear
ing. Such has been the custom of the
commission, and there was no reason to
expect that there would be a departure
from it In the present instance. Imme-
clsoo have nsked nothing from the
people of the city. On the contrary,
they have given much. It would seem
to be pretty near time to begin even-
Ing up.
The first opportunity. Is at hand.
For the lirst time In many a long day
the mar.ai;--rs have Invited the public
to lend a hand. They have arranged
a benefit performance in aid of a fund
f>r sick and destitute actors. It will
take place at the Orpheum this com
ing Thursday afternoon, December 14.
The programme is so full that It stag
!; «'<nials In merit and surpasses
in variety even that offered at the
great volunteer benefit— and that's
saying a good deal All you are asked
to <io |a to pay prloes ns low as the
pit to s<-e a performance that hiti the
ceiling.
The best seat In the house is a pal
try dollar. From it you can Bee the
cream of the performance of every one
of the nine playhouses of the city.
Managers Belasco and Thall of the
dlately after Mr. Baker arrived he had
a conference with Attorney l'lllsbury.
who represents the Pacific Coast Jobbers'
and Manufacturers' Association In a legal
capacity. The situation was thoroughly
discussed, and Mr. linker was Informed
what has been done since the adjourn
ment of the hearing from St. Louis to
this city. Traffic Manager Lovcland has
been almost dally In consultation with
Mr. Plllabury and the case Is being pre
pared for the meeting of the commission.
There is now some doubt when the com
mission will sit here. It may not pos
sibly be here before March, although the
general expectation is that the meeting
will open next month and continue about
ten days.
■ ♦ »
Jw«» Moor* "AA" whlik«y la called for
everywhere. It Is the drink of the people.
Postoffice Is Bobbed.
SAN DIEGO, Dec 11.— A burglar en
tered the National City Postolnce Satur
day night and looted the money drawer,
only obtaining ■ few dollars In change.
The burglar tht-n attacked the big safe
In the National city Hank with a crow
bar, but was unable to break It open with
his Implement. Had he succeeded he
would have secured several thousand dol
lars.
NO DOUBT
ABOUT IT
Sunset Limited Not With
drawn—lt Will Run as
Announced.
BUBMI Limited. the Espee's splendid
winter season train between this city and
New Orleans, will maJce Its Initial trip
on Friday, December 15, notwithstanding
rumors to the contrary. Its schedule will
be semi-weekly, as in former years,
but the arrangement of time will
be much Improved. To apportion the
movements of a fast train over the 2600
miles of the Sunset Houte ?o that the con
spicuously Interesting portions may be
traversed by daylight may well be regard
ed as masterly railroading. It nas been
successfully accomplished In the case of
Sunset Limited, and to this extent Its
superb service Is Improved. Those who
contemplate an Eastern trip will be many
times repaid If they can arrange to go and
return on Sunset Limited.
LOWER STREET CAR FARE
FOR SCHOOL CHILDREN
Supervisor Byington Introduces
a Very Popular Measure.
Laboring Men and Pupils of Institutions of
Learning to Be Given Cheap Tickets
at Certain Hours.
AT the regular meeting of the Board of Supervisors yesterday Su
pervisor Byington introduced two resolutions which were passed
to print and referred to the Judiciary Committee, which, when they
reach final passage, will give school-children and working-men the
privilege of buying street car tickets at a material reduction from the
present flat rate.
According to the resolutions children may buy tickets at the rate
of eight for 25 cents, nnd the general public may buy them at seven for
25 cents, but these tickets may be used only during certain specified
hours and on specified days.
The first resolution require! every per
son, company or corporation operating? a
line of street railway within this city and
county to Issue and sell tickets for the
use of school children pood for transpor
tation over the entire route. The tickets
shall be sold at the rate of eight tickets
for 25 cents, and may be used by chil
dren between the ages of 5 and 17 only
between the hours of 8 a. m. and Dp. m..
but not on Saturdays, Sundays or legal
holidays.
The second resolution provides fur the
Issuance of tickets between the hours of
6 a. m. and 8 a. m. and B p. m. and 7
p. m. of each and every day except Sun
clays, which ticket* may be purchased
by persons applying therefor at the rate
of seven tickets fur 8 cents, good for one
direction either going or coming. The
penalty for violation of the orders is fixed
by a fine ranging from 1100 to $GOO, and Im
prisonment for six months.
The compromise r:r- | furnished
to the city, which wen effected by Maynr
I'h< lan with the president of the San
Alcazar will offer a shovelful of
"Mother Earth." Francis Powers' lat
est success; Manager Morrfsey of the
Orpheum will present the beautiful
Camllle d'Arville. the Inimitable
George Fuller Golden. Cornllle, Ham
ilton Hall, Edwin Milton Boyle and
his charming wife and Emonds. Emer
son and Emonds— in a tew words, the
queen of comic opera, the prince of
monologlsts, the premier barytone, the
reigning Parisian music hall beauty,
the best artists In vaudeville sketch
and a decidedly clever comedy trio.
Just think of It!
From th« Tlvoll will come dainty
Anna LJchter and i errls Hartman
with a bevy of chorus girls, who are
m happy Bince "Teddy rejoined the
gang."
By way of diversion, you will get a
taste of the legit. Frederick Warde
and Minnie Tittle Brune from the
Columbia will do the balcony scene
from "Romeo and Juliet." In addi
tion, Mr. Warde will deliver a short
Francisco Gas and Electric Company,
were adopted after the original contract*
at higher figures were rejected by the
board by a unanimous vote. The rates
which will operate until the end of the
liscal year, before which time the Incom
ing Board of Supervisors will make a new j
contract, are as follows: *
Ten cents per night for each gas lamp.
424 cents' per night for each arc lamp,
$1 35 per thousand feet for pi supplied
to public buildings and 15 per cent oft the
10 and 15 cents per 1000 watt hour rate
charged for electric lighting In public
buildings.
The veto of Mayor Phelan on the pay
ment of architects" fees amounting to
$4750 to Martens & Coffey and Mooser &
Son for the new hospital plans was sus
tained. Supervisors AigeHinger. Attridgo.
Collins. Holland and Kalben voted against
the veto and Supervisors Byington,
Deasy. Heyer. Lackmann and Perrault In
favor. Supervisors Heyer and Black, who
were summoned away on official business
during the voting, desired later to have
their votes recorded against the veto, but
this does not affect the result.
The order prohibiting the engaging in
offensive trades was indefinitely post
poned, as also was the order prohibiting
the dumping of dirt and garbage from the
wharves on the water front and providing
for the cremation of all refuse.
The .order providing for the electrical
wiring of all buildings under the provi
sions of the National Electric Code was
passed to print.
A resolution was offered by Supervisor
Phelps, chairman of the Water Commit
tee, directing the Spring Valley Water
Company and all companies supplying
water for public use to furnish to the
board a detailed report showing the name
and residence of each water rate payer
and the amount paid for water by each
during the year. Also showing the rev
enue of the corporation or person from all
sources, and an itemized statement of ex
penditures for supplying water during the
year and the amount of money actually
expended annually since commencing
business in the purchase, construction and
maintenance of the property and the
gross cash receipts annually.
The clerk of the board was directed to
I serve a certified copy of the resolution
! upon the interested parties, and the reso
lution was passed to print.
An extension of eight days was granted
to Bateman Brothers on their contract
I to complete the Hall of Justice building
I This will be the last extension given to
the contractors.
The board appropriated $1000 from the
over .payments on personal pn.nertv
taxes of 1596. amounting to J2GOO, to com
pensate the extra clerks required in th*
j Treasurer's office to pay rebates on taxes
of the present year. A motion to refer '
the matter to the City Attorney for his
opinion was lost. " 8
Resolutions were adopted Instructing
Chief Lees to abate the nuisance cause.?
by the pumping of coal tar Into the bay
by the Equitable Gas Company.
The contract for carpeting the Hall of
Justice and Morgue was awarded to W.
P. Cordes at $1 07& a yard, he to pay ad
vertising charges.
Joseph Fredericks * Co. were the sue
cessful bidden on the contract for win
dow shades at $1 74 each and cork carpet
at $1 19 a yard for the same buildings, ad
vertlslng charges Included.
Supervisor Pbelps objected to the pur
chase of hose for use of the Fire '•■
partment unless bids were called for as
provided by law, and the resolutions pro
viding for the payment on 2000 feet of
hone went over for one week.
Supervisor Heyer, •who bad been spe
cially delegated to investigate the ad
visability of re-leaslng the Harbor police
station, filed a report and It wax decided
to pans the matter to the Incoming board
for consideration.
A resolution was adopted authorizing j
Improvement clubs to display notices In
public places to advertise the bond eloc
tlonn and including the suspension of a i
li.inner on the corner of Market street
and Van Ness avenue to Indicate where
the extension of the park panhandlo will
end.
Supervisor Dcasy presented resolutions,
address. Following, the company
from the Grand Opera-house will give
an :t<-t of the "Chimes "f Normandy."
MohrinK brothers, acrobats, will come
from the Olympia; the Arabian whirl
wlnda from the AJhaiaora, and, I
it all, Major Mite win shoot fmm th>*
Chutes In an imitation of Cornille that
is wonderfuL Th.it lady being also
on the bill, you will Ret an ex
chance for comparison.
And the Frawlcys from the Califor
nia. All San Francisco knows them.
They will produce **The I.ittle«t OlrL"
After reading that programme, don't
you think. asid.» from tin- worthiness
of the object, it Is worth any man's
dollar? If you don't. *.•> and I
The managers and actors have
hHj.ed erenr known charity— help
Urn m Thursday afternoon. The hand
bt-Kins to play at QOOn, the curtain
rises at l o'clock, row win not be asked
to buy flowers and jrou can order JTOUT
carriages, if you bare any, at 641
o'clock. What more do you want for
B '■•■nis. or GO cents, or s dollar?
A!l seats ordered must be called for
at the orpheum b<<\ tV be
fore 5 o'clock, or they will be sold.
which wera adopted, inviting fh.> Sup.r
visors-cUr-t to attend the remaining i
iiiKs of tii*» present board.
A Jockey's Downfall.
Joseph Narvaez. the well-known jockey,
who was ruled off the race course for
life some years ago for being implicated
in the swindling; operations of "Little
Pete." was convicted by Judge Mocan
yesterday on the charp* of vagrancy nnd
ordered to appear for sentence this
B mf€€i£ Bicycles I
M For OLD and YOUNG. I
H Full Size Wheels 525 and $30 ||
CHILDREN'S WHEELS. pi
%i| For LITTLE TOTS $20.00 .*
153 For BOYS and GIRLS $22.50 f^vjjl
g^ For YOUTHS and MISSES $25.00 &K$
B 1899 ■
E qw^\- $ 35 1
KM BICVO£S V-rV-^ fc^
111 These are all fine CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. |J]
gd THOS. H. B. VARNEY, '<M
ISM MARKET AND IOTH STS.. SAN FRANCISCO. j^j
9HHH!HHBbHH[^BHBRBHB
morning. He had been living with Era
Haskoll, the woman who attempted to
commit suicide In her room nt 15 Eddy
street Sunday nlKht owln* to Narvaez's
allpped 111 treatment. She had sunirlently
recovered yesterday to be removed from
the hospital.
m ♦ » ■
Dr. Parker's Cough. Cure. One MM will »to»
a couth. Jitnrn fall* Try It. AH druKgtJU.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been ,- ranted
Leonl Bolr from Charles F. Bolt on tha
ground of extreme cruelty, and Marie F.
Pedro from Josephine Pedro on the
ground of desertion. ■-*'
Suits for divorce have been filed by Hat
tie F. Hooth against Francis A. Booth
for desertion; Lena Ilrown against Albert
H. Brown for failure to provide; Anita
Lutza agnlnst Joseph Lutza for cruelty:
Mary F. Forbes against Frank H. Forbes
for failure to provide and John IJashfoni
against Mary Ellen Ilash/ord for deser
tion. _____
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DQLLS
FREE
...AT TUB...
"NO-PERCENTAGE,"
Tn-fiiiT December
I oiidy, 12th.
Our Christmas Gift Day.
We present free to our ratrona on th«
above date an elegant doll. 13 Inches lone,
real kid body, genuine t.lno head, with
every purchase of Me or over.
SEE THE DOLLS IN OUR SHOW
WINDOW.
EVERYBODY WELCOME.
N0K C? DRUfI ©
949-951 MARKfeTSI
" *— - HEX! MALI BROS — ~"
The Larcrst Cut-Rate Dm; Store on
the Pacific Coast.
Come, See.
Extra Premiums
W!tb Tea
With Cotlee
With Spice*
Witb Halting Powder
Come Just to See.
Great American Imports Tea Co.
Central 310-9 IS Grant nvc.
Stores k Bet. Sutler and I'oststs.
861 Market St.. opp. Powell.
51! Market St.. foot California.
Branch Stores Lvcrj where.
Catarrh, Deafness,
Bfch^g"^- Throlt'
k—l __ >./ i l_(Jnu
Diseases Positively Cured by
DR. COTTINGHAM'S »^" 00 .
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Marble stair entrance.
Hour*— 9-12 a. m.; 1-3 and M p. m.
FfM'T* and hh ' nrat trlnl of one MS. given to
1 lIL.L. nhow the nujierlcr m«rlt of the treat-
ment: 2CWO test cases, 'Xi per cent cured. Call
at once or write.
niinTiinr niM * ni « n R«ct*i
II I I I 1 1 I 111 <!>*'«*«• cured or no
XII X I IIK I" No detention
II iI 1 I 1111 I from t>u»lnes«. DRd.
111 I I I 111 1 I >tANSKIt:LD & TOR*
k»t »t.. Pan Francliwi>.
New Policemen Appointed.
Two mor» stalwart young men appear
»ii before Chief Lees yesterday afternoon
to be sworn In. They were Joseph W.
Ahem. born in this city thirty years »|ft>,
a plumber by occupation, anil David V.
Sullivan. aged 25. nlso born In this city, n
patrol wagon driver. Sullivan was on*»
of the sixteen drivers retired by the
Board of Supervisors recently nnd was
acknowledged to be one of the most »-x
perienced drivers on the wagon*. H#» and
George- Cashel. the other driver appointed
a policeman, will probably be assigned to
the same duty.