VOLUME LXXXYI-NO. 84.
SAN FRANCISCO GIVES SPLENDID WELCOME TO HER
HEROES AS THEY SAIL THROUGH THE GOLDEN GATE
NAVAL GUARD OF HONOR INTO
THE HARBOR OF HOME.
Scenes of Unparalleled Excitement Mark the
Home-coming of the State's Yolnnteers. j
fhonsands of Men, Women and Children Throng to the
Wharves and Hilltops to Greet the Soldiers on
Their Return From the Wars.
CALIFORNIA'S Volunteers are |
home from the wars. Heralded j
by the deafening boom of can- ;
non, greeted by a myriad of i
boats, cheered again and
again, it seemed in never-ending er.thu-
Fiasm and glad welcome, the heroes of |
the State sailed yesterday afternoon
through the Golden Gate into the bay.
It was a triumphal procession such as
the city in all its history had never
seen before. It was a welcome without I
parallel or precedent on the western j
shore of the American Continent. The
Sherman, groat monster of the sea,
steamed from out of the fog curtain
that hung heavily over the heads.
Slowly the ship moved within the gate.
Thousands of whistles were sounding
their shrill blasts from the city, the
wharves and the hundreds of vessels in
the bay. The mammoth guns of the
forts roared a greeting that was j
echoed and re-echoed among the hills !
in bewildering reverberation. From the ■
hill tops of the city came the hoarse j
acclaim of glad cheers. The soldiers of !
the Golden State were home again,
their debt of patriotism paid to the na
tion.
The day came haze-laden and gloomy.
A heavy fog hung over the Golden
and obscured the northern shore '
ie bay. Masked behind it, as If ;
n by a great curtain, lay the Sher- !
nearly three miles out at sea, |
Within the city all was bustle and con- '
n, the babel of sounds and the
■ x<iting scenes. Men, women
and children were hastening to the hill
and to the wharves. The streets
were thronged with people inspired by
eager, nervous energy and a common |
impulse to honor the men who had j
I ihr-ush the stress and storm of
battle in a triumphant cause.
Along the wharves were gayly !
'lips of every kind, big and I
m the ocea: transport to the!
r ug. From all waved the flags of
nir. the symbols of what the city ;
nd had • i in persistent
bs. As the hour neared
noon the ships left their moorings and
their docks. Music, patriotic and ex
hilarating, floated over (he waters of j
the bay: cheers horn of the contagion j
eat and enthusiasm sounded I
the wharves. Now and again came
the boom of a signal gun and the an
of waving flags and loud hurrahs.
the bay the vessels steamed to- j
ward the Golden Gate. The hour for
the home coming of the Californians
was approaching.
Slowly the profession on the bay was
formed. Gradually a broad avenue was
3 by th>- tugs anr j yachts. Nearer
and nearer the procession drew to the
and then fror_ one of the shore
the sullen boom of a
Pi"- The Sherman had received Its
Bignal to enter lie harbor. Flowly, as
if by some mystic power of magic, the
k form on the horizon.
• mcd as if the fog curtain of the
Bea slowly -Ised and revealed the
transport a Bha«*owy ship on the ocean.
Blast upon blaEt assaulted the ears
from the ships. Sh led in one
great medley of light and rolor and
action. Guns Bhook the decks in
nding vibrations. The forts
added in tremendous volume to the
tumult and from the city, across the
waters, came the deadened babel of
v, elcome.
Like a giant ship the Sherman
pteamed through th<» Golden Gate, and
then from her deck flame and smoke
ehot high into the air. A bomb I
far above the masts of the welcoming
ships, and the In-coming soldiers had!
•) th Ir own way their return I
•vn the avenue of vessels the '
mammoti) transport steamed. Soldier j
forms were clinging to her yards; her
decks were black with moving figures,
("heer upon cheer echoed in the air, and
with punctuating precision came the
roar of the guns from the forts.
The liliputian h.iats of the « sr ort cir
cled like pigmies behind the leviathan.
and in such manner the Sherman was
brought home. There were greetings
to give, and in turn the vessels of the
to the side of the trans
port. The ''turning soldiers showed
the marks of their stern apprenticeship
TRIBUTE FROM
THE CHAPLAIN
■ft T HAVE row been connected with the regiment as Its chaplain for fifteen -m
I months, and have had an opportunity of knowing our men perhaps better •
4- I than any other officer. In justice to them I must say I would never ask to *
*- M be associated with a finer set of boys. They went to the front expecting *•
*■ hardships, and when hardships came not a man was known to complain. '. *•
*- Whether In the trenches In water waist deep or charging the foe under the *•
f most difficult circumstances, or in heavy marching: order under a tropical sun. ' Ik
>f Bleeping out on the damp, cold ground or lying sick In the hospital, I never jf
*• knew a man to complain. *-
*• No matter what their creed, I always found In every man a friend, ready *
*■ to help me in every way, or to listen to any words of advice I might have to 134
--* give. • . *
*• Indeed, to-day, even under all the rejoicing, I cannot help feeling a tinge of '*•
4- sadness at the thought of so soon having to part from such a noble lot of-fel- *
if lows. %■
The San Francisco Call.
In "war. There was In more than one
face the stamp of suffering and of trial;
the memory of sadness and of death.
Down the harbor the great ship
moved, past the docks with their cheer
ing, flag-fluttering thousands, past the
pay vessels, brilliant in their waving
banners and pennants, through the for
est of masts to its anchonage in the
HOW THE WATER FRONT LOOKED LAST NIGHT
Fi-rir, the .moioeAl til-- <.J«r«ri-«i.. ....... down wjiiwi -xht x-Uy nod Iwv? until Che tact fityfaiktit m . ..,,..„ .., i, in .h lind lti»«* i itfiWiMi an i\\tx v a{fg from o> SAU irmivnkro
1.r«.. n t.il ._ no ■»£ l>ilHU.n<Tr Ijev.-r ...juftitd r.t thin iVrm.r >'f 'he i-'-i'-l'l T't/* pJTAqf. ..-•.-•. . ■ ! «IVJU| hllTJUlnhjCV jrW; -,,,..- With vorfWurre lanterns tad- lihuav-M'tea with *kme 'llbM*.
ifl? tftvitt fWvTW-inv f-^TV tuiMjfu .w.rdiiT tip KR* *i 'iHt»->lOi_ft Outlined In flnr, Tontdm; th* ■ .vi' i' Ih* n'ciurc.Tvrlih bin *h*slif< ..- -. ft'.TfrtmlnfcT»ig?teig nihofi [I\a -xv^ vy-%rh*-'u>|
bay. It was a scene that will live long
in the memory of those that saw il.
Its incidents of hysterical excitement,
its babel of sounds, its maze of move
ment and color and enthusiasm never
had a parallel in the history of Ran
Francisco. With something mnrc than
patriotism the people of the city had
gone to the Golden Gate to bring their j
heroes home. Then» was in it all the
expression of ties d«^per and closer
than those of a common nationality. It
was a welcome for fathers, sons and
sweethearts, and in the gay throngs, in
the cheers and hoarse hurrahs, there
was an undercurrent of sorrow, a
thought of the graves that some, of
California's heroes found when they
answered their nation's call to arms.
It was not long before the Sherman,
travel and storm-beaten, was left a
solitary figure in the bay. The multi
tude of ships deserted her with reluct
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, AUGUST 25, 1899.
*THE OFFICIAL PROGRAME.
J TO-DAY. J
J 7 a. m.— California Volunteers disembark. J
8 a. m. — Volunteers breakfast with relatives in the grand nave of the ferry depot. J
10:30 a. m. — March to Presidio. Military parade in this order: First—United States *
£ Troops. Second— National Guard of California. Third— First California Volun- *
teers. Fourth— First Colorado Volunteers. Fifth— League of the Cross Cadets. £
Line of march: Up Market street, to Van Ness avenue, to Lombard street, to *
£ campatPresidio. The parade will be reviewed at Bush street and Van Ness avenue £
by General Shatter and the executive committee. On reaching the Presidio the t
I £ volunteers will be given a furlough till Saturday morning. £
I £ 8 p. m.— Grand electrical illumination of Market street.
J SATURDAY. *
11 a. m. till 1 p. m.— Band concerts at Union Square and Columbia Park.
* 8 p. m.— Grand electrical display and parade. £
£ 10:30 p. m.— Grand banquet in the ferry depot. £
ance and steamed to the docks to re
lease the throngs that had formed the
guard of welcome. Thousands came
from their stations on the hills and
docks. The thoroughfares of the city
were human hives. Confusion reicrned
again in San Francisco, and hastiVv.
nervously, the people prepared for the
night. As darkness came men. women
and children crowded toward the
wharves. They thronged the walks and
usurped the wagon ways. Vehicles of
every description, wagons, carriages,
cars carried their human freight to the
docks. Men and boys climbed upon the
tC'ps of moving cars and shoited their
enthusiasm as they sped toward the
water front. Noise-producing instru
ments of every variety were in commis
sion. As night fell over the city lights
began to gleam on the great buildings.
They were outlined in dazzling bright
ness against the blackness of the sky.
Beacon fires burned on the hilltops and
the murmur of myriad voices, the
sounds of whistles and of bells toid the
boys on the transport that in the city
there was the revelry of gladness.
Suddenly the great tower of the ferry
depot was outlined in flaming lights.
The tremendous structure seemed to
rise a column of fire from the water's
edge. Columns of light danced from
wharf to wharf, and in the bay from
mast to mast were ribbons of flame
stretched. It seemed, on the darkness of
the night. Lazily the tremendous
searchlights of the lowa swept the bay,
bringing out of the blackness the flag
adorned ships at the wharves and the
masses of men and women who had
gathered to see the night display. Tugs
steamed, with their dancing lanterns,
around the transport, and now and
again gave their shrill blasts of greet
ing. Rockets and colored lights flashed
into the air and then a great blaze iit
up the bay. The long celebration of the
day and night was drawing to a close.
The soldiers of the Golden State had
been welcomed home, and from their
dark station in the harbor they could
hear the murmur of the city that meant
to them the best of wishes and good
will.
NAVAL PARADE
IN THE HARBOR
Spectacular Beginning
of the Big Reception.
Gay Craft Escort the Trans
port Sherman to Her
Anchorage.
THE prettiest picture In all the wide,
wide world was presented yesterday
In the landlocked harbor of San
Francisco. From the city front on
one side to the purple shores of Marin en
the other Nature had stretched her can
vas. She called the elements to her aid to |
lay In the background of swelling water, ;
curling into whitecaps, with a grayish
sky above, warming to yellow on the east,
where a belated sun was dissipating tlie
mist into a shifting haze. Out to the went |
a curtain of fog hung over the Golden
Gate.
I'pon this canvas, relieved by this back- j
ground, was to be painted the living pic- !
lure of the meeting of California with her
heroes on board the transport Sherman,
new arrived from the wars and even then
lying on the swelling ocean beyond the in-
Visible bar. Sun Francisco's was the hand
holding the brush.
The entire city moved early from its
hills to the water front, framing one side
of the emerging marine. Eleven o'clock
was the hour set when the first bit of
color would be massed, but long before
that hour the woodwork of the city's side
of the frame— the wall of piles and slips
and wharves and sheds, from the baige
office to the Mall dock— was crowded with
humanity. At anchor or moored alongside
•was the shipping of the harbor, like pend
ants to the frame, with every bit of bunt
ing from every locker fluttering from peak
and masthead and halyard.
Craft without number there were, and
of every description. Full-rigged ships,
schooners, barks, steamboats, steamships,
transports, natty looking launches and
saucy looking tugs, all flying rainbows of
pennants and flags, all gay in full dress
alow and aloft. On the wharves, on top
of piles, along the stringers, was one long
row of people, from Meiggs wharf to
Brannan street, as gayly decked as the
shipping, Is not as well provided with sea
room.
Everything was moving, the people
taking their cue from the incessant flut
tering^ of the flags. From the city grew
the sound of numberless whistles shriek
ing welcomes to the boys beyond the bar.
Their echoes floated down to the bay in
a harmonious theme, as if some master
was touching his heartstrings to sound
the depth of his feelings. Up above the
hills and the tall buildings could be seen
»he puffings of steam from the monster
calliope, whose discordant tootings were
softened by the distance.
The launches called back shrill
answers, the tugs tooted stoutly as if
saying, "We're little, but oh ray!"
Steamboats turned on their steam to add
to the volume, while the inevitable jubi
lee horn and the occasional bell gave the
musical pitch to the whole. It was a
wonderful scene, never to be forgotten—
the ships, the people, the sounds they
emitted, the groupings they presented.
At 11 o'clock the tugs selected for the
parade began filling up with the ticket
holders. There were no tardy ones and
they wore soon crowded to their limit.
Gay parties gathered on each, and any
number of bands of music, which snon be
gan to make their presence felt and heard
with the latent In music and— a few of
the earliest, "Home, Sweet Home" and
"When Johnny Comes Marching Home."
No time was lost in getting out the tugs
and absembling the Tines of the naval
parade which was to form the grouping
of the picture, in the foreground of
which was to be the Sherman with its
precious freight for California. No
sooner, had the full complement of guests
been reached on any one vessel than the
signal was given to cast off. and the
holiday craft with its holiday crowd
puffed out into the bay to pick up the
yacht assigned to it and take its place
in the line.
The yachts assigned to the two divisions
of the parade were rendezvousing off sec
tion 3 of the seawall and Meiggs wharf.
While the tugs were still moored to their
wharves the dainty pleasure craft, trim
and clean in their dress of white as any
summer girl, carried ribbons that would
have tried the complexion if not the
temper of that greatly pictured young
woman. Every flag provided for in the
.•ode and many that -would distance two
or three codes was flying from every
available stick and rope Yachtsmen in
duck and a plentiful sprinkling of guests
Gayly Adorned Ships Move in Parade and
Escort the Sherman to Her Anchorage.
A Day of Unexampled Enthusiasm in the History of the
City Closes Brilliantly at Night With a Unique
Pyrotechnic Display on the Bay.
were early on board, full of the spirit of
the occasion and ready to ,be oft and I
away to Join the greatest naval parade '
ever attempted in the harbor.
Tug .after tug steamed Into the yacht
Anchorage, the line was passed and away j
they steamed and towed, two and two, j
to take their place In the line that was :
being formed off Melggs wharf. Cheer
After cheer followed tugs and yachts as
they passed along the city front to get
into formation, the crowds on one wharf
to I**1 ** ■» Ma Hi *r» ten Mat Kb It m Ka W-*i Mb A
taking up the cheer before those on the
docks passed had ceased. Answering yells
and waving of flags from the people
aboard were constant and hearty.
From the tugs the scene was superb.
If any such densely packed crowds of
people ever before gathered on the water
front of San Francisco there is neither
record nor recollection of them. The eye
of the most keen sighted sailor could not
reach the limit of the gatherings. They
covered the wharf space and crowded the
streets leading to it. They w.»re as thick
as shingles on every nit-r sh*>d. They
crowned the ridges of the far distant
hills and! they were like ants on the sides
of the nearest. No point from which the
naval pageant could bo seen was slighted.
Telegraph Hill particularly was a favored
spot. Thousands upon thousands of peo
ple capped its summit, concealing the
earth. Hundreds and hundreds of others
braved its declivities, parched on jutting
bits of rock and gazed down <>n the pass
ing craft, unmindful of the jagged rocks
at the bottom of the sheer declivity.
The other sides of the rapidly developing
naval spectacle were no less interesting
Thf sun by this time had managed to lend
a warmer feeling to the air. which quickly
dissipated in the teeth of a twenty-knot
breeze, that served, however, to lift the
MEN IN EXCELLENT
PHYSICAL CONDITION
■m T WISH to say for the comfort of relatives here at home that the entire regi- -m
I ment returns In an excellent state of health. The only sick men among us ■
*• I were a few convalescents, who have been steadily improving ever since we *•
*■ -■■ left, until now there is not really a sick man in the entire command. The *-
* food has been excellent and well prepared. The sanitary conditions have been *■
jf carefully attended to. and I wish to take this opportunity to publicly express *-
*■ my appreciation to the officers of the Sherman, who have done everything In jf
*■ their power to help me in carrying iut the details of my department. The as- *.
*■ sistance they have rendered has been invaluable and has much to do with the *-
* excellent physical condition of the men. *
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FIRE PAGEANT ON THE BAY t
DURING THE NIGHT. J
fog, Alcatraz Island lifting- boldly, tha
| curtain rising from the Golden Gate and
; Fort Point standing sentinel in a purple
I haze. Across on the Marin shore, white
j against a deep purple. Lime Point stuck
i out below a fleecy bank of cloud. Far
| to the east the battleship lowa was clear
i ly and majestically defined.
All the figures and the properties for tha
living picture were at hand— all but the
principal, the transport Sherman, even
then steaming In to meet the floating city
of relatives and friends.
The tugs, with their tows, were busy
getting into place off the barge office, an-i
when the timeball dropped at noon the
Parade was formed in two columns.
.. Th c Fearless headed the right. She was
the flagship of the fleet, and, as be
came her dignity, was first to take
her place in line, with the yacht Lur-
L ne t° wfn & behind. Her consort was
□ £i onarcn - wlth th e Pilot boat Gracie
b. The Monarch had orders to keep
abreast of the flagship, and the two lines
dressed on their leaders. With the Fear-
f s 2, was Geor se Knight's naphtha launch
Athlete, detailed to act as aid. With the
Monarch was Frank Moffifs Augusta,
which acted In a similar capacity for the
left column.
One long blast, then a short one, from
the whistle of the Fearless and the naval
parade was in motion toward the Heads.
Everything else unanchored on the bay
followed suit, and two lines originally
designed to string out a thousand yards
became four, a mile long, with craft of
evt-ry description, flying all sorts of dec
oration, strung out to both sides as far
as one could see. To the right of the
nrSi. division slowly steamed the army
transports City of Puebla and Columbia.
Riding still farther to the north were tho
ferry steamers t'kiah. Newark. Pride of
the River, Caroline, Captain Weber, T.
L. v alker. Piedmont and Grace Barton
all laden with excursionists. To the left
was the Monticello with the members of
the citizens' executive committee and
their guests aboard, a number of launches
unattached tugs and whitehails darting
between her and the shore.
Every eye on even' vessel was strained
toward the Gate for the first sight of the
transport. The moments had flown as
swiftly as the tugs were steaming, and it
was nearing 1 o'clock as the head of the
parade drew past the Presidio, where tho
rows of white tents were sown, like th 9
teeth of Cadmus, to yield armed men
Every ear was strained for a signal gun
whereabouts unknown, presumably Alca
traz, maybe Fort Point, announcing the
! entrance into the harbor of the long
looked-for transport.
Boats here and there provided with can
non exasperated the watchers by touch
ing off their ordnance to furnish false
alarms of the desired fact, but no bight
of the Sherman had been had until the
, nagsnip had slowed down under the lee
of the Martn shore. The parade was
ahead of the meeting time, or rather the
Shprman was behind.
The parade had come to a halt, and tak
ing advantage of this the excursion boats
or all descriptions hurried up to the front
keeping for the most part, with commend
able decency, without the lines selected
for the parade manpuvers. The portion of
the bay from the Presidio to Limp Point
was fairly alive with gayly decked ves
sels. Bands began playing, whistles toot
ed and shrieked and coughed, small can
ron popped like firecrackers; but although
everybody waited anxiously for the ap
pearance of the Sherman or the boom of
the gun that announced her approach it
seemed as if it would never come. The
excitement was at fever heat, but there
was nothing to do but wait and make as
much noise as was necessary for the ex
haust of the pent-up feeling.
All of a sudden. "Boom!" There was no
mistaking that gun. It sounded with the
volume of the voice of authority. A big
ruff of blue smoke puffing out from Fort
Point Into the center of the passage
showed whence it came.
"There she is! There she is!" was shout
ed all along the line, and there, sure
enough, was the Sherman, well into the
bay. naving skirted in under cover of the
point and opened out suddenly on the
view, well up the channel. The commit
tee on noise knew its business so well
that its efforts almost drowned out tha
booming of the national salute from t\e
guns in the fort.
The signal to go ahead was fairly
screeched from the Peerless, and the flag
ship led the way out to the harbor en
trance. In and in passed tho white vis
itor, her boys cheering as loudly as their
lungs would warrant in answer to the
snouts of welcome, and waving flags, as
their vessel passed between the lines of
the parade.
Then began the most beautiful figure In
the entire display. The Fearless led it
from the right, the Monarch from the
left. The flagship circled to the left
around the stf-rn of the transport, the
craff. in that column of the parade follow
ing, a hundred yards apart. From the left
the Doats in the column headed by the
Monarch circled to the right, both linos
passing and exchanging positions, for all
the world like a grand-right-and-left in a
quadrille.
The sight is one that will never be for
j gotten by anybody that witnessed it and
i would not have bef-n missed for a great
j deal by those fortunate enough to be
participants. From every vessel in sight
numberless flags were b^ing waved, whis
tles tooted, bombs exploded, clouds lift-
Ing above and sunshine suddenly breaking
for the blue and brown coated boys
aboard the big white transport. They had
all crowded on the decks and all were
! shouting themselves hoarse, peering be-
I tween shout? into the confusion of flags
and noise and music and boats ahead for
the one or two or threp beloved soon to be
| clasped to a manly breast.
The yachts and the tugs towing them
j were still passing around the stern, per
forming the manpuvers without accident,
i although at times it seemed as if it wnuM
be Impossible to resume order out of such
i an apparent confusion. The vessels in line
Major and Surgeon.2
THE BIVOUAC
OF THE DEAD.
THEODORE OMARA.
THE muffled drums sad roll has. beat the soldier's last tattoo,
Xn more on life's jjarade shall meet that brave and fallen few;
On Fame's eternal camping ground their silent tents are spread,
Where glory guards, with solemn round, the bivouac of the dead.
No rumor of the foe's advance now dwells upon the wind,
No troubled thought at midnight— haunts of loved ones left behind;
No vision of the morrow's strife the warrior's dream alarms;
No braying horn nor screaming fife at dawn shall call to arms.
Their shivered swords are red with rust, their plumed heads are bowed;
Their haughty banner trailed in dust is now their martial shroud;
And plenteous funeral tears have washed the red stains from each brow,
And the proud forma by battle gashed are free, from anguish now.
The neighing troop, the flashing blade, the bugle's stirring blast,
Thf charge the dreadful cannonade, the din and shout are past:
Nor war's wild note, nor glory's peal, shall thrill with fierce delight
Those breasts that never more may feel the rapture of the fight.
Like the fierce Northern hurricane that sweeps his high plateau.
Flushed \\ i t h the triumph yet to gain came down the serried foe,
Who heard the thunder . .f the fray break o'er the field beneath
Knew well the watchword of that day was "Victory or death!' ,
I ong has the doubtful conflict raged o'er all that stricken plain,
For never fiercer light had waged the vengeful blood of Spain;
\nd still the storm of battle blew, still swelled the gory tide;
Not iung— our stout old chieftain knew such odds his strength could bide.
'Twaa in that hour his stern command called to a martyr's grave
The flower of his beloved land the nation's flag to save;
T'.y ri\ns of their fathers' sore his first-born laurels grew,
\r.d well he deemed their suns would pour their lives fur glory, too.
Full many a mothers breath has swept o'er Angostura's plain.
\i •(" lung the pitying Bky has wept above the moldering slain;
Th. raven's scream, or eagle's flight, or shepherd's pensive lay,
Uone awakes each sullen height that frowned on that dread fray.
Sons of the dark and bloody ground, ye must not slumber there,
Where stranger steps and tongues resound along heedless air;
V..ur own proud land's heroic soil shall be your fitter grave—
She claims from war his richest spoil— the ashes of her brave.
Thus 'neath their parent turf they rest, far from the gory field,
Borne to a Spartan mother's breast on many a bloody shield.
The sunshine .if their native sky smiles sadly on them here,
And kindred eyes and hearts watch by the soldiers' sepulcher.
Rest on embalmed and sainted dead, dear as the blood ye gave;
No Impious footstep hero shall tread the herbage of your grave;
Star shall y >ur glory be forgot while Fame her record keeps
Or Honor points the hallowed spot where valor proudly sleeps.
Ton marble minstrel's voiceless stone in deathless song shall tell,
When many 8 vanquished age hath flown, the story how ye fell;
X ir wreck nor change nor winter's blight, nor Time's remorseless doom,
Shall dim one ray of glory's light that gilds your deathless tomb.
kept strictly to directions, but two of the
ri v f ., • did what they could to
make trouble. The T. C. Walker and the
Captain Weber, both stern- wheelers, were
not. in th< md should have been
on the outs:!, of the line and over toward
Alcatras or Angel island. Instead of that.
iust at the turn the Walker cut riprnt
through and started down between the
lint's in ih-> place of honor Intended for
the Shennau. At the same time the
Weber ran acn ss the hows of the flag
ship and started after the Walker. Most
of the. other boats held aloof, as the orders
for th« parade directed, but besides tnu
two mentioned there were ■ few others
that preferred to risk spoiling the line
to get a nearer viev .
One of these was the Governor Per
klna with the State Quarantine Officer.
I»r. Koh:.. in charge. The Perkins did
not put any <i ard. nor did her
doctors make any Inquiries as to the
health of the men >>n the transport. In
stead, she ran alongside, and then Harry
Wise nlm was- a passenger, climbed out
on her bows, and with a few friends,
commenced to throw sample bottles 01
whisky to the soldiers. There 1? no rule
of the transport service more strict than
that which forbids the use of liquor
aboard. There is no rule more strict
among the troops than that whleh for
bids the Issue of liquor, but with no ex
cuse for t lit- violation, Wise and his
friends tossed up the bottles to the
poldiers along the transport rail. Every
one had fruit or flower? or greetings of
some sensible kind for the men, but it
rested with Wise and his friends to con
ceive thi Idea of dealing out whisky by
the bottle. Captain Barneson. superin
tendent of the transport service, saw
what was going on and he got Into the
Athletic md started over to the trans
port to slop tin alcoholic offerings of the
Perkins' passengers. Before lie arrived,
however, the Perkins had heen given
ff'mc fi rcible advice on the subject, with
drew and kept the remainder of the
whisky for her own people.
Two slight accidents happened, neither
the fault of anj persons but those who
Buffered from them. The first was to Ihe
Hartley, the launch of the Surveyor of
the Port. It had on board Deputy Sur
veyor St. John and a party of friends, in
cluding Chief if Police Lees and Sergeant
Green, who hat two sons aboard the;
Sherman In an effort to get closer to the
transport the captain of the Hartley ran
into the tug Alert. His bow was knocked
off and the boat began leaking so badly
that she was turned shoreward. Fasi as :
she went, however, she made two feet of
watet before she was tiod up.
While attempting to throw a package
aboard the transport from another launch
that had broken through the line Dick
Welch, an elevator boy at the Ohronielr l
building, lost his balance and fell over- '
THE COMMODORE
WAS SATISFIED
+ *\
-*c «=jj=3HE success of the naval parade has far excelled my expectations * '
■It There is not one way in which it could have been bettered except, * i
* li perhaps, in the behavior of one or two of the vesselß that crossed *
* the line just as we reached the transport. * J
* The success was due to the careful manner in which the captains J
£ followed instructions and to the close attention they paid to all signals. J',
Th*>re was not a hitch in the arrangements, and among thn vessels that *. :
•k did not try to push through the !inf> there was not an accident. It was *• i
•ft the greatest naval parade we have ever had. jfr i
* JOHN' D. SPRECKELS, Commodore. * j
FROM THE HEIGHTS THE PARADE
board. He is an expert swimmer and
i managed to keep his senses until he was
picked up by some men in a Whitehall.
Despite these slight jars, which were
1 hardly noticed by the people keeping: their
aloft on the men on the transport,
the progress of the Sherman and the es
cortmg yachts to the anchorage was a
triumpli worthy of the occasion, equally
enjoyed by those giving and those receiv
ing. ' The" feelings of the men. strangers
to their homes for many months, cooped
up in the narrow confines of a transport
! for a score of days, poorly fed, with the
i taint of the tropics still in their blood.
SNAPSHOTS OF THE SHERMAN AND THE ESCORTING CRAFT.
ran better be imagined thnn described. [
Home again, and such a home. wh«--re the
very elements l<>nd themselves to make a
paradise. One has to pui himself In their
place. and then yon can only half eueas
the Joy they Telt. the beating of the heart
and the throbbing of the pulse. Into the i
lunjrs they drew long breatha of the air of
Oods own country and voted themwelves i
without exception well rid of the Philip- ;
P nf? j <.*. i- j , j. . • i
And how they cheered the ladies of the j
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL. FBIDAT; AUGUST 25. 1899.
Red Cross, a number of whom were on the
de.ek of the City of Puebla, waved care
fully codified signals, known in each in-
Btance only to two hearts, to show the
gladness that was In them at the nearing
of actual meeting. For the gentlemen of
the executive committee who steamed
alongside on the gayly decorated Montl
<•• 11 ■. they raised cheer upon cheer, appre
ciating what they had already done and
anticipating what they had planned to do
to honor the Californians that had formed
the vanguard to right the foe in the
Orient.
80 cheering, they went past the ferry
depot, whistles tooting, bands playing,
cannon booming from every dock, until
they neared the anchorage, when the lowa
belched forth her salute of twenty-one
puns. The tugs blew a fanfare on their
assembled whistles, the signal to disperse
was given and the Sherman's anchor
chain rattled through the hawse pipe. She
swung slowly around and came to a stop.
Tho voyage was ended. The boys were
borne.
The tugs got the signal from the flag
ship to disperse, and away they flew again
up the front to the yacht anchorage
grounds to drop their tows and their of
ficial full dress, ready after the night
pageant to become once more the busy
bees of commerce, who on occasion can
grace a triumph such as this.
Out from the front darted innumerable
small craft, laden with yellow badged
humanity, parents and relatives of the
boys on board, all headed for the Sherman
and a sight of and a shout from some
Loved one. Boxes of fruit in many in
stances formed part of their cargo and
for several hours after the transport was
actually as well as officially at home, the
volunteers were kept busy answering
and asking questions and consuming fruit
with which they were bombarded.
Skippers of the boats that took part in
the naval parade and their crews were
the recipients of congratulations on all
hands for th'p magnificent and intelligent
manner in which they ran to Instructions,
At no time was there a hitch in the ar
rangements of the parade and .it no tim<->
waa this more noticeable than In the
apparent confusion of craft Just before
the meeting with the Sherman. Every
man did his duty and every one is en
titled to the praise which was bestowed
during and after the parade.
,
PANORAMA OF
THE INCOMING
All San Francisco that was not on the
bay yesterday afternoon was gathered on
the heights and shores overlooking that
beautiful expanse of water, bent upon
sating its appetite with the grand spec
tacle of welcome to the returning Cali
fornia volunteers.
"There she comes! See her masts!"
She's coming in!"
The warning injunctions, delivered in
excited tones by hundreds of watchful
lookouts armed with marine glasses and
telescopes, suddenly recalled the pa
tiently waiting thousands thronging the
heights and hills overlooking the waters
of the bay from their admiring contem
plation of the maneuvering steamers and
yachts composing the reception fleet, and
directed their gaze once more toward the
Golden Gate. A slight haze hung over
Iho harbor ontranop, somewhat, obscuring
! the viev , and a sigh of disappointment
arose, which was suddenly checked as the
lookouts were again heard shouting vo
ciferously:
■'Look behind the fort! See her mast?:"
Then the tapering ppars of the army
transport were made out, looming Indis
tinctly through the mist as the Sherman
passed into the harbor from behind old
Port Wtnh'r-ld Scott. The half-uttered
sigh changed on the instant to a tremen
dous shout of gratified anticipation and
joy.
A moment later the transport poked her
white nose past Fort Point, and the hills
shook with the cheers that arose sponta
neously from more thnn 30.00(1 throats.
The n;lst again enveloped the steamer as
she cleared the point and headed over
toward Angel Island, but only for a mo
! ment: and when the haze lifted the cheer
j ing was renewed with redoubled vigor and
enthusiasm.
From a spectacular standpoint the
crowds on the shore had by far the best
opportunity for viewing the grand
pageant, and those who had been pre
vented from going out on the water to
greet the returning California volunteers
folt amply satisfied with the fate that
. decreed that they should remain on
! shore.
I Never in the history of San Francisco
has there been such a grand outpouring
of people as that which gathered on the
points of vantage all along the bay front
yesterday afternoon to feast their eyes
jon the grand spectacular welcome in
| honor of the returning soldier boys and
| add their shouts of greeting to the din of
| noise that was wafted out to the brave
I lads on the transport as she slowly made
her way majestically up the bay.
Thousands upon thousands of spectators
lined the crests of Rlncon, Telegraph and
Russian hills, while other unestimated
thousands crowded the terraced slopes of
the heights, occupying every point of
vantage from the loftiest height along the
shore clown to the water's edge, and
stretching from Folsom street to the
Cliff House.
Every vacant plat of ground that af
forded a view of the bay was pre-empted
hours before the transport left her an
chorage outside the Heads, the housetops
alone being reserved for the favored few.
The embankment surrounding the Spring
Valley reservoir on Hyde street furnished
an especially desirable view point, and
every foot of space thereon was uitlized,
until the guards in charge were nearly
driven frantic with anxiety lest some of
the thousand or more congregated there
on, venturesome to the verge nf foolhardl
ness, should slip down the precipitous in
cline into the deep water at the bottom
of the great tank. Fortunately no serious
accident occurred to cast a gloom over
the pleasure of the occasion.
The soldiers doing guard duty at Fort
Mason had a trying time of it keeping the
crowds from invading the sacred precinct
wheroin are located the officers' quarters
and the soldiers' barracks and the main
fortifications. In spite of their utmost
vlgila-nce a few would slip past them oc
casionally, only to be brought to a sudden
stop by the stentorian command, "Halt!
Come back and go the other way."
The Presidio reservation swarmed with
citizens, and thia condition prevailed
along the beach to the Cliff House and
beyond. Those at the Cliff House were
the first to get a view of the transport
as she headed in through the Golden Gate,
but they missed the brilliant pageant of
the inner harbor, none of the reception
fleet going outside the Heads, and the
crowd were left alone by themselves
and the temporarily neglected seals.
It was a patient multitude and it 6 pa
tience was rewarded when, after hours
of expectant gazing, the big transport
finally entered the bay and was received
by the myriads of gayly bedecked yachts
and steamers of the reception fleet. The
bay craft, accompanied by a few ocean
going steamers as a sort of chaperons,
steamed out nearly to Fort Point in
double column formation. As the Sher
man entered the lane thus opened invit
ingly for her the saluting whistles and
guns began their discordant but exhil
arating greetings.
Then was witnessed one of the prettiest
sights of the day as the parallel lines a&
tugs, with their tows, slowly circled
around the transport in opposite direc
tions, with flags and streamers flying
from every mast and spar and guns boom-
Ing incessantly. The sirens on land re
doubled their blasts in a seeming effort
to obtain the recognition which their dis
tance from the scene practically denied
them.
Cheer after cheer arose from the vast
throngs on the heights as the reception
fleet once more headed up the bay, proud
ly escorting the soldier voyagers of whom
going steamers as a sort of chaperons,
sill California is so justly proud, and the
cheering did not cease until the anchors of
the Sherman rattled from hor bow as she
came abreast of Folsom-street dock.
Then the crowds made a simultaneous
riish for the cars, and within an hour the
height? were again deserted, except fur
their everyday residents. It was a great
day for the landlubbers of San Francisco,
as'well as for those who like to sniff the
salt sea breezes from the deck of a
steamer or yacht, and the former had the
advantage at position in this instance.
Vi< wed from the shore the bay parade
was a grand, unqualified success.
OFFICIAL VISIT
TO COL. DUBOCE
Shortly after the Sherman had found
an anchorage Messrs, Martin, De Young
and Lawrence of the executive com
mittee and Mayor Phelan went out on the
Montlcello and paid an official visit to
Colonel Dtiboce and the officers of his
staff. They were received by the colonel
himself at the gang plank and escorted
to the upper deck where a ten-minute
levee was held.
The visit was essentially formal and no
business- save the question of disembarka
tion was discussed. The time was given
up to a friendly exchange of courtesies.
The monlbers of the committee, the
Mayor, Colonel Sullivan and the others
of' the party were all personally
acquainted with the colonel and with
most of his officers, and the reception
was a royal one and enjoyed keenly by
all concerned.
Concerning business. Colonel Diiboce
said he would dock and begin the work
of getting ashore at 7:30 this morning,
but beyond that he could not programme
until he had had time to study his official
orders.
Down on the lower deck the men of the
ranks gathered, and as a member of the
committee, or the Mayor came in sight
above them, they cheered heartily and
announced that they were home and glad
of it. An ovation was tendered the of
ficials when they descended on the way to
their boat, and much time was consumed
in handshaking with old friends or old
employes who had given up everything
else to go aflghting. Over 150 discharged
men Were taken ashore on the Monticello
when she put back to the Mission-street
pier.
HOW A "PRISONER" SAW
THE BOYS' HOMECOMING
BY CORPORAL F\ A. HEALY.
e=ji=3 HE California Volunteers had left
Yokohama. Day day the course
Yokohama. Day by day the course
II of the vessel bearing them home to
the fond hearts waiting to receive
them was pricked off on a thousand charts
and the city had figured almost to a cer
tainty the time they would arrive. It was
to be Thursday forenoon. -•• - •. -■>.-'
j But if San Francisco's populace had pro- !
posed, it lay with the winds and the waves
to dispose, and the elements willed it oth
erwise. The boys had come in from their
different afternoon details and were sit
ting at their ' various desks in the local
room engaged on the composition of their
stories, when a telephone in the editor's
sanctum rang. He bent down to catch
the message it had. to. deliver, and the
next minute, jumping from his seat, gave
the signal and The Call's' cannon boomed
out the joyful news that the Sherman had
been sighted and had upset all calcula
tions by appearing on the evening horizon
just as it was growing dim to mark the
close of Wednesday, August 23, 1899.
In a minute all was commotion. Report
ers -were thrown . out of the, office as
though shot from a catapult and thread-
Ing their way through the dense crowds
that were already beginning to gather,
hurried off to the different posts to
which they had been assigned. As I had
once been a member of the California
Regiment myself and had many friends
in the ranks, I was detailed to the tug
Alert, with orders to get on board the
Sherman at all hazard.
Just as we arrived on the tug we saw
launches bearing the representatives of
other papers heading down the bay, bound
full tilt for the Golden Gate. In a minute
the tug's moorings were cast off and
away we went after them. The engineer j
had orders to feed the furnaces with sides
of bacon, put a Filipino on the safety
valve and open her up. He did. Grad
ually gaining headway, the tug's speed
Increased until she seemed to fairly skip
over the waters, touching only the tops of
the white-capped waves as she new on her
way. Wharf after wharf flew past with
a rapidity that made the piles look like
telegraph poles as seen from th« windows
of a passing express train. ' Black Point
was reached, and there we caught up with
the launches that had preceded us just ,
as they were turning around to go back
over their course. They had discovered
that the waters outside were too rough
for them.
Not so with the Alert. Continuing boldly ;
on her course she met the first big roller-'
that came tumbling in through the Gate,
and with a mighty plunge that sent the
white spray in sheets. over her deck and
house broke her. way through it. Sea after
sea was met and conquered as the boat
surged onward, looking for the boys co
whom she was bringing the first message ,
of .greeting they were to receive from that
country on which they have cast such
luster by the glory of their achievements. ;
At last some few lights were Been ;
twinkling in the darkness that had now
settled upon the ocean, and the tug's !
course was headed toward them. Finally
the outlines of a huge vessel were dis
cerned, and there, in the mists that wrap
themselves about the lightship, a big
transport lay, gently rolling. Hiding at
anchor, she rose and fell, responsive to
the blue ocean billows that threw their
greetings to her as they surged past to
ward the Golden Gate. Aboard of her a.
thousand men 'were lining the rails and
darkening the portholes with eager faces
that peered anxiously out into the night
trying to discern the coast outlines,
watching the dull glow that tinged the
somber neavens with a ruddy promise of
the bright homes that were waiting to j
enfold them just behind those dark lumps ;
of sandhills that, raising from the water's !
edge, were dimly outlined in the pale i
light of the rising moon.
The men aboard the vessel were not
clothed in the swell apparel of aristo
cratic tourists. Their clothes were torn
and frayed, soiled and spotted; but Solo
mon in all his glory never made as beau
tiful an appearance as did these boys in
their old army clothes to the few who had
gone to greet them. Every rent in their
garments told of privation borne uncom
plainingly, every spot was a decoration
that told more eloquently of the glory
that was theirs than could the most costly
fabrications of the Jeweler's art. The
men were California's own heroic sons re
turned from a glorious and victorious
war, waiting to receive the tribute of
honor and affection that their native
country was waiting to proffer them. At
last after months of weary waiting: the
boys had come back to their own.
I don't know what the people in the city
were doing, but I con Imagine. Great as
their satisfaction was it was fully equaled
by the delight of the lads themselves. As
soon as the tug approached within hail
ing distance the firing line along the rails
opened on It with volley after volley of
questions and happy messages. The bable
of voices became so great that it was
impossible to distinguish anything save
the one word "Home" in the great '
symphony of joyous salutation. A boat
was lowered from the tug and three of
• tsa *& R-i ** m as *» !*e fl*s life to jsi *)
DUBOCE TALKS
OF HIS WELCOME
* ■ -I *-
■¥■ /f^ OLONBL Dubooe said yesterday after the parade: "My gTeat- *
■* ff est pleasure in getting home is the satisfaction of bringing back J
* II the regiment in splendid physical condition. The men, with but j£
* a very few exceptions, are in an excellent state of health, con- *-
J eidering the hardships they have undergone. Words fail me *-
4c when I try to express my appreciation of the magnificent water parade *"
•* to-day. I can only say I thank every person who took part, both for J
•¥■ myself and the regiment. It was an honor that touched me most deeply. j£
* "I have always had an interest in politics; hot for myself, but for
£ my friends. Ido not know what I would do If offered the nomination for jf
4< Mayor. It would be a great honor, but would require time for thought, jf
4c I feel much complimented at the assignment as major of one of the *
* Dew regiments, but I do not yet know if I will accept. *■
* "There are great opportunities in the Philippines for speculation, J
1* but Investment Is a matter for the future. First, the islands need an *.
w established, stable government, and then, with their great richness, they if
.£ will offer splendid opportunities for business enterprise. Things are now *
-X in a very unsettled state. The inhabitants are used to the dilatory *■
M Spanish methods." *•
* _ *
lus went alongside. We were told that
we could not board, and had no intention
I of doing bo. A rope ladder was hanging
' clown the side of the vessel, and on this
we mounted so as to converse with those
on deck. The Swede who rowed us over
abandoned us as soon as he saw us on
I the bit of rope and pulled back to the
; tug, leaving us. hanging to the ship s side.
j lV \Vhere are you from?" asked some one
!on board We replied we were from The
1 Call. That was enough. In a minute a
: hundred pairs of hands were stretched out
I to' 1 our <>oat collars, and in a minute we
were hauled aboard. Some of us went
over the rail. Some were yanked through
the portholes. The boys were crazy for
news and landed up among themselves
! despite our resistance.
Once aboard we were fairly over
| whelmed. "Have- you seen mother?
"Where Jack?" "is Billy waiting for
me?" "Lord, but I'll bet the old man will
be glad to see me. Did he send any mes
sage?" The questions Hew so fast that it
was impossible *to answer except in a
I general way. Here and there some poor
! fellow would draw one of us quietly aside
! and, with tears starting from his eyes,
ask for some loved one whose caresses he
! will never receive until he journeys across
' that fathomless ocean that separates
I time from eternity. I have seen many
! a sad thing in my life, but 1 know of
j nothing that was more touching than the
j sight of these poor fellows who, amid the
I general rejoicing, returned only to re
i ceive the news of the death of a parent
j or relative whose welcome had been the
i center piece around which had clustered
' their every vision of home; whose longed
j for caress had been the one great reward
j which was to repay them for the months
of weary exile they had undergone.
As soon as I could be discovered a mes
j senger approached and told me I was
: wanted on the quarterdeck. I went thoro
i and was promptly put under arrest for
violating the quarantine law. I told the
j officer to seek out ond apprehend the
guilty Swede who was the cause of my
I plight by leaving me hanging to the rope
! ladder. I was told that the excuse was a
i poor one and that I was to consider my
self a prisoner confined within the limits
of the ship. As the tug had already left
i and as I could not swim to the Cliff
, Couse, that fact was as apparent to me
: as it was to my two companions. Honig
; and Britt, who had also been placed under
the ban. So I went forward among the
, boys of the regiment, there to receive a
: greeting that would have made impris
onment in far worse quarters than those
i of the Sherman a welcome detail indeed.
1 Again I was overwhelmed with questions.
j They came at me from all sides, and in
self-defense I had to ask a few myself.
. After the first burst of excitement had
j passed things began to quiet down a bit,
! and little by little the news of their trip
• across the Pacific was obtained. As that
i has already been published in the columns
of this paper It is not necessary to say
anything further on the subject save that
I the weather was beautiful, the sea calm
! and everything had been as pleasant as
! good weather, good health and the pros
! pect of home at the end of the journey
cculd make it.
The boys joked, danced, played cards,
I sang and hung over the rail until far Into
' the night, watching the lights twinkling:
on the shore and speculating on the splen
did welcome that awaited them there.
i Some time after The Call boat had re
j turned to the shore with the news other
newspaper boats commenced to arrive.
I Their passengers exhausted every device
in the endeavor to get on board, but each
attempt was » failure, and at last they
were obliged to desist and retire amid the
; good-natured, laughing badinage ol the
! hundreds of veterans who hung over the
: ship's sides and joshed them as they re
treated, advising them to read The Call In
the morning and get the new«.
Finally the last boat departed and the
ship was left in solitude. Then the boys
broke up into little groups and sat around
discussing the momentous events which
had passed since they had last seen the
lights guarding the harbor entrance of
San Francisco Bay. Many a wild tale
was told and many a desperate deed re-
I counted, but during the entire evening
I I did not hear one man speak who made
j his own prowess the subject of his narra
tive. When praise was bestowed it was
always upon some absent comrade, gen
erally upon one who will never return.
They are brave men, these California
Volunteers, and like all brave men they
are modest. Well let them be so; their
deeds speak for them. • - ■
The hours sped on and on. One by
one the boys drifted below and retired to
their well earned rest. Finally the last
straggler had left the deck and the si
lence echoed to the measured footfall of
the sentry pacing out his last guard.
Then I also retired, going to the bunk
that Adjutant Curzons, my old lieuten
ant, had kindly given up to me — there to
pass a night of troubled dreams in which
customs officers, prison bars, dungeons,
clanking cHains and other horried things
were mingled up in one great hair-raising
: Jumble.
Reveille is supposed to be for the pur
pose of awakening the slumbering soldier.
There was no need of it yesterday morn-
Ing. Long before the gray light of early
dawn had shot Its first rays over me
Berkeley hill? the entire regiment was
awake and on deck, eagerly straining for
the first glimpse of their beloved shore.
Even before the day had reached them
The Call was there to supply the boys
with fruit and papers. How the boys
lit upon them. They fairly tore each
other apart in their endeavor to get at
a n* srg im Si pa *» ■* ft? R* jes m* *■- 0WAS LIKE A MOVING PICTURE.
THE SHERMAN CAME TO ANCHOR OFF FOLSOM-STREET WHARF.
the news: and fruit disappeared like the
festive June bug before the rapacious
turkey gobbler. Some one remarked to
a grimy private, who was losing his face
in an immense peach, on the dangers of
Btomach trouble. "Never fear." replied
the half-dressed soldier, "nothing grown
on California land will hurt us."
As soon as the mists of night com
menced to fade all hands turned to and
watched for the first glimpse of land.
At last it became light enough for the
outline of the coast to appear, and wren
the Man: County hills dawned fresh and
fair on the vision of the soldiers a shout
arose that seemed to rend the mists apart
as though to allow the day to more
quickly approach and afford to th eyes
of the wanderers an unobstructed view
of their own fatherland. With the dawn
ing 'ho visitors cinnmenced to arrive.
They came nut of the entrance of the
harbor in every availahle sort of a craft.
Anything that would float was pressed
into service. The boys had' made a
break! of fruit bread and coffee. The
regular army rations were thrown over
board to the ills. They were too near
home to relish canned beef. All prepa
rations for going shore had been comp
leted days before. They had com
menced the day they left Manila, and |
everything was ready. So. as the boats j
circled round and round the big ship the
troops, crowding the deck and rigging,
gave themselves up to the ecstacy of
their home-coming. Campaigning, with
all Its hardships and privations, was at
an end. Grim visaged war had smoothed
his wrinkled front, and the lads who had
carried the old grizzly to victory on many j
a hard-fought field, abandoning all else, ■
turned themselves loose to caper to the
music of their sweethearts' voices. Away
above the regimental flag floated from the
masthead where it had been hoisted to
welcome the rirst ray of sunlight while |
the bard played the national hymn and ;
ail stood with uncovered head to watch j
its ascent. , ■ i
On deck all was mirth and laughter. The
volunteers' work was at an end and happi
ness reigned supreme.
At the appointed hour the great ship got
up her anchor and started slowly and ma- !
jestically toward the harbor, whose en
trance was already gay with bunting
floating from the hundreds of craft of all
sorts and sizes, which were coming out j
to meet and t-tcort her in. Meeting » >c .
Sherman at a point opposite the L if |
House; the long line "of gaily decorattd
yachts arid steamers circled around and
around her. their bands playing inspiring
airs and • heir ' thousands of passengers
waving flags and handkerchiefs and
shouting a welcome that was, truly royal.
The boys remained silent. They just
looked on as though stunned by an ova
tion which has probably never before been
equaled In the entire history of their
country.
1 also was silent. I also was stunned.
>v>t by the great acclaim: not by the toot
ing whistles; booming guns or cheering
hundreds of thousands. Misfortune had
benumbed me. 1 was a prisoner on this
gala day. Once inside the gate, the doc
tor came on board. He removed the quar
antine upon the ship and put an extra one
on Honig. Britt and myself. It took the
shape of a special guard for each one of
v.s 1 told mine thai I had been a soldier,
and asked him if he would take my parole.
He said that whatever L had been. 1 was
now a reporter, and he would not. This
answer increased my misery a hundred
fold by wounding my professional pride.
There "is some excuse for him, however.
He was a stranger to me and may have
imagined I represented another paper.
Once inside the Heads and through with
the doctor the big ship proceeded up th«
bay escorted by everything that could
bei made, to float, her progress past the
wharves signaled by everything that could
be made to speak a welcome, from a
Eteaxn whistle to a flute, from a brass
Var.d to a gazoo, from a cannon to a
popgun. The city had emptied itself on
tl c bay and along the front, and it seemed
to us on the transport that there was not
every man, woman and child in that
mighty throng was doing his or her best
to add to the general clamor.
All this time the troops were quiet, j
Their awe had been overcome, but they I
had been ordered to bear themselves with
dignity, and they obeyed th» order to the
letter. That is, they obeyed it until 'he
vessel arrived off Fol m street and
dropped her anchor.
Following the. anchor's splash a dead
silence fell upon the entire ship's com- i
ALL ARE DESERVING
OF HIGHEST PRAISE
•m AS superintendent of the California Red Cross Society in Manila. I wish to "■
«* A Ray that under all circumstance? its members have comported themselves **
*■ M in a manner deserving of the highest praise. Whether in field or camp, *"
H- ■*■■*■ whether nursing the sick. attending the wounded or burying the dead. *
* whatever they have been called upon to do, they have done well. California *"
» has every reason to be proud of the noble men and women who went to the *
* front to care lor her sons.. *■
Ex-Superintendent Red Cross Soripty, Manila, P. I
NO ROOM TO SPARE WHEN THE PARADE STARTED.
pany. Then as the great iron hook sank
into the mud at the bottom of the bay
three mighty cheers burst forth. The
b< ys were horn?.
Who ran describe the scene on i> >nnl
the transport wh°n she bei ome t . i r i < ;n
--ary and the boats were allowed alongside?
What a reunion was there! Husbands and
wives, mothers and sons, sisters and
brothers, sweethearts and lovers. It was
the women's hour; it was the time for the
brave ones who had remained at home to
receive their recompense and in receiving
it to bestow upon their heroes a reward,
the sweetness of which made the shadow
of past sufferings grow gradually less and
less until, absorbed altogether by the gon
rlf rays of love, it melted at last into
nothingness and the kindly light of affec
tion shone upon all.
Do women fully realize the part they
play in the great drama of history? Do
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 25, 189 S.
they comprehend the influence they exert t
upon the destinies of a nation? 'Tis tli>it !
gentle caress that makes firm as steel
the nerves of th<- soldier ami spurs him on :
to deeds of valor thai are the pride of his j
country and glory of his 'lap.
From the colonel to the humblest pri- |
vate there was no a man in that whole |
band of warriors that was rocked to sleep
lasi night upon the gently moving waters
Of Its own beloved bay. who would not
at the command of those same smiling
lips that greeted his return have willing- j
ly stormed the gates of hell and hay(
satisfied to leave his body in the breach
if upon his mutilated breast there should
be found a favor from the girl he left be
hind him.
The reception had been a success. tn»
Ship had finished her journey and the day
was drawing to a close. It was now time
to write our stories. So bidding a tem
porary farewell to the truest hearted loi
of fellows with whom it has ever been :
my luck to be associated, 1 and my fel- j
low prisoners, lost our guards In the
shuffle and came ashore.
FIRST CHEERS
FOR COMMITTEE
It was a full half hour aftpr every
Other brat of the gay-decorated flotilla
had tooted itself into the stream that
tli» Bplck and span little Monticello with
the executive committee and its Invited
guests aboard pulled itself free from
Miss) >n-street pier and went booming
along in a well-churned wake on her way
to Fort Point.
It was with a cargo of dignitaries the
Monticello was laden; dignataries who
for the moment, threw off dignity and
every other staid quality to shout and
ch^er the returned heroes in voice that
rang as true as ever did pure coin of the
realm Up in the bow were Committee
m<=n De Young, Martin and Lawrcnw
and Mayor Phelan. and with them wre
the members of the finance committee
and Congressman Julius Kshn, City and
County Attorney .bane and Assessor
Dodge.
When the Sherman hovp In sight off
Point Bonita three big brass mortars,
b irab charged, were turned loose in salvo
ifti r salvo. Another minute and the little
Monticello crossed the Sherman's bow;
I hen up into the air hurtled another bomb
and high up In the Incoming fog out of the
smoke of the second explosion appeared a
gay little parachute and floating below it
gradually opened. to the winds tho stars
and stripes, and. carried by * fortunate
breeze, it covered directly over the trans
port.
Dr. A. P. O'Bri< n. Dr. Rethers, Dr. Far
rr-11, lieutenant <"har!es llnpn and Cap
tain Edgar Suttliffe, all officers of the
First, who returned from Manila earlier
in the campaign, were on the Montieello
as guests of the committee, and they were
cheered time and again as the boat drew
nearer the transport and they were recog
nlzi 1 by their fellow officers.
There were at leasi 160 people on ihe
Monticello, and the matter of providing
for them had been left to Mr. de Young.
There were edibles of every description,
and wines and softer things in the flLirl
line, and a pleasant half hour was spent
in discussing them, while the band on the
hurricane deck vied with the mortars in
turning patriotism loose into the cheer
rent atmosphere.
The Monticello kept pace with the Sher
mar until anchorage was reached, and
then with a parting salvo she circled
round the lowa and steamed back to her
dock.
SOLDIERS ARE
APPRECIATIVE
Boom went the seventeen guns for the
Governor's salute from the bow of the
Sherman and a chorous of voices from the
halyards trailed each 6hot with the senti
ment, "Never touched me." It was Just
before this incident that the First Cali
fornia Regiment woke up fully to the
I realisation of* the magnitude of the
I aquatic reception In its honor. After the
boom of the cannon the wildest sort "f en
thusiasm prevailed on board the Sherman.
and the war voices of the soldiers rolled
<iut shouts and whoops that shook the hills
on either side of the bay.
Although something unparalleled, some
thing gigantic, was anticipated by the
First California, fur they had heard of
the preparations on foot for their recep
tion, nothing like the scene which was un
rolled before their eyes was even imag-
Ined. The vanguard of tugs and ocean
steamers that plowed seaward and met
t!-..> Sherman soon after she weighed an
chor elicited a few rousing cheers. The
soldier boys had not yet warmed up to the
occasion, and they were wailing for -.he
next number of the programme. Once In
side the Golden Gate the mantle of re
serve was cast off. and then an intense
and vociferous emotion marked every turn
of the screws as. the Sherman worked its
lazy course down the bay. Khaki-uni
formed volunteers twisted in the rigging
and yelled themselves hoarse, and every
soldier who had an instrument of noise
worked it to a white heat. There were
cheers of joy. of supreme satisfaction and
unbridled excitement whenever any new
craft inordinately packed with human
freight and decked with gaudy bunting,
wan discovered.
"That is a reception and a welcome,"
paid a soldier in Company L. "It makes
one forget all about the hardships, the
sore spots and the hard knocks of a year's !
Boldierlng. War in the Philippines is not
much of a vacation. Say, but 1 wish we
could get ashore to-night."
When the men of the resriment lined
two and three deep on the side railing.
studded the booms and made themselves
one with the rigging just as the order for
entering the harbor was given, they were
more or less apathetic. This was but mo
mentary, however. The rest of the trip
was a gradual outpouring of enthusiasrr
and ecstatic emotion until the grand
finale, when soldier in the rank-s and
epauletted officer began to forget their
differences in rank and joined in the same
harmonic accord.
As the ship rode past the wharves the
cheering swelled louder and louder. The
familiar sights in holiday array touched
the soldier heart. "Back again, and what
a parade!" was the common acclaim fore.
aft or midships. "Who wouldn't be a
California soldier?" some one shouted
from a ttiß. The cry was caught up on
the wiiipr and 500 men stabbed the heavi ns
with their cries of joy. glory and prate
fulness to the people of San Francisco.
RED CROSS ON
THE PUEBLA
The Red Cross Society, with a host of
p^ If you are used to paying $up for •*■■'■ BiS
U% your clothes, these $10 suits should ;^.H mW
Wi\ interest you, because you are going f:oks%f.\\ ';•
m to get the same sort of suit you have *■ 'V ; -- ;v " : i^
m. always bought, but at $$ less, and the suit is &«
8 ! guaranteed : gg
y Money returned if you want ii; or M
§1 Suit kept in repair free for one year. h
f|| Send for samples or call in— they are freely ||
gll Self-measurement blank is sent to those who S||
||| cannot come in for measurement. M
y*m\ S. N. WOOD & CO., I
.^^J3 q/ Cor. Powell and Eddy. ||
invited guests, -went into the naval parade
on the steamer City of Puebla. The vessel
was gayly decorated and made a brave
showing amors the other craft on the
bay. The Colorado band -was on deck,
and at different times during the maneu
vers when the boat drew up to the trans
port both cheered and serenaded the Cali
fornia boys t" the echo.
Among- tlu.se who were on the boat were
W. B. Harrington, Mrs. W. B. Harrington.
Mr and Mrs. .1. K. Merrill, Miss Anna
Beaver, Judge and Mrs. Slack, Mrs. Louis
Weinman. Mr-. S. 1.. Dunbar, Mr. and
Mrs W. P. Buckingham, Mrs. Kekhart,
Rev and Mrs. Robert Mackenzie, Judge
Sullivan the Misses ElHott, Mrs. Symmes,
Mrs A. Mack, Miss Ada Van Pelt, Mrs.
L. L. Dorr and daughters, Miss Harriett
Raymond, Mr. and Mrs. Janus Kerr. Mr.
and Mrs. c. Grej and daughter, Mr. and
Mrs George Grey and the Misses Grey,
Mrs. J. F. Griffith, president of the L>s
Angeles Red Cross; the Misses Allyne and
■ and Mrs. Jacob Voorsanger.
After the return to shore the society ten
dered the members of the Colorado band
a banquet and a v< te of thanks for the
music they had furnished.
LEGISLATORS
VIEW PARADE
The Steamship Santa Rosa, beautifully
dressed, glided away from Broadway
v.harf at 11:46 a. m. and steamed directly
outside to the place where the Sherman
lay at anchor. Aboard the Santa Rosa as
guests of United States Senator Perkin*
and the San Francisco delegation in the
Legislature wore many prominent citizens
of California. Among them were the Rep
resentatives in Congress of the Los An
geles. Oakland and Sacramento districts,
the Speaker of the Assembly, Attorney
General. State Controller and several
State Senators.
When the Santa Rosa got within hail
ing distance of the Sherman the exchange
of greetings between the volunteers and
the visitors was enthusiastic and pro
longed.
The Santa Ro?;i kept the Sherman com
pany until the transport hoisted her an
chor and turned her prow toward th*
©olden Gate. The guests aboard Senator
Perkins' superb steamship had a magnifi
cent view of the marine pageant as the
Sherman passed in, and the commodore
of the escorting fleet of tugs and yachts
• d many compliments for the ad
mirable style" in which the divisions of
his fleet tooH their respective positions on
either side of the transport.
NO COLLEGE
TO-MORROW
BERKELEY. Aug. 24.— There will he no
exercises at the University of California
to-moirow. Regent Andrew S. Hallldie,
acting in the place of President-elect Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler, had a notice posted
on the university tutllctin boards to-day
declaring August 23 a holiday in order to
enabl< the students 10 attend the recep
tion to the California boyp.
Recitations, however, will be resumed
Saturday morning at the usual hour.
California Heavy Artillery.
Following is a Ust of the field and start
officers accompanying Batteries A and D.
California Heavy Artillery, on the Sher
man:
Major Frank S. Ritce. commanding bat
talion; Captain \V. J. Hanna, assistant
surgeon: First Lieirte.Tiar.t John A. Ko?
--ter. adjutant; '"aptain D. Geary, com
manding Hattory A: Ffrst Lic-utenint J.
F. Diss. oommandinp: BF.ttery D; Second
Lieuterani Arthur P. Ha/ne, on duty with
Battery A: Second Lieutenant George L.
McKeeby. on duty with Battery D: Sec
ond Lieutenant John F. Laicv, on special
duty as mess nfflcflx; Second Lieutenant
John A. Glass, on duty with Battery A.
84
BIG CARNIVAL
ON THE WATER
Grand Pyrotechnic Dis
play a Great Success.
Brilliancy of the Demonstra
tion Slightly Marred
by Fog.
Countless thousands gathered along the
water front last night to witness the
grant! Illumination and pyrotechnic dis
play in honor of the return of California's
brave heroes. The haze, which hung like
a gauzy curtain over the surface of the
water, partially obscured the view* of the
crowd* of spectators who thronged the
pier* nr hung like monkeys from the rig
ging of the ships lying alongside; but it
could not dampen their enthusiasm nor
smother the brilliancy of the scene en
acted before their eyes. They saw enough
to satisfy them thnt the gallant volun
teers who have battled so nobly in their
country's cause were ing tendered a
reception befitting their worth so far as
climatic conditions would permit, and they
voiced their appreciation with a spon
taneous f-nergy that thrilled the blood and
proved conclusively that the tooting of
whistles and the shrieking of sirens was
1 ut an Incident and not an essential part
of the I>H? celebration^
The booming of cannon with which the
arrival of the Sherman off the Golden
Gate lirid been signaled and to the ac
companiment of which the big white
transport had made her triumphant
entry Into the harbor, gave piace to the
whirr -if hundreds of skyrockets and the
reporta of bursting bombs.
It was a magnificent demonstration of
partriotic love for the soldier, but un
fortunately its magnificence was marred,
or rather hidden; from the sight of many
by the untimely presence of the fog.
Hut in the Immediate vicinity of the
Sherman, which was ail aglow with light
from hundreds of electric bulbs, the
seer.c was one of almost unparalleled
splendor, and as the transport was the
center of attraction, Ihe target for the
bombs and skyrockets; it mattered little
if tin- great beacons m Mount Tamalpais
acrosti the bay were invisible. Tamal- j
pais -mil its bonfires were a secondary
consideration and would have merited
but a passing glance had they been
visible when considered in connection
with the greater snow.
The Illumination started a little ahead
of time, inn not too early for the crowd,
which completely rilled the docks and lit
eraily covered the freight sheds and ship
ping along the front. The throng included
a great, seething mass of humanity,
Stretching clear across last street, leav
ing Market. Mission. Howard and Folsom
hopelessly barred even from a sight of the [
water. ,
Tlih bay in the vicinity of the transport I
was fairly alive with water craft, irom
the l>if.v tugs and river steamers to the
little naphtha launches and rowboats, all
crowded with sightseers brimming with
joyful anticipation «,t what was to come.
The great battleship lowa had been
brought up from her anchorage off the
Union Iron Works, ami she had taken a
position scarcely a hundred yards astern
of th? Sherman. Shi loomed up through .
the mist like .i great watchdog guarding
a child from possible harm.
Suddenly the great tower on the ferry
building gleamed forth through the murky
atmosphere in all the dazzling brilliancy
of its elaborate electrical decorations. The
effect was grand; almost sublime. The
liig structure: outlined In fire against he
background of fog, seemed like a blazing
t-haft rising abruptly from the deep,
murky waters of the bay. Almost simul
taneously With this unexpected spectacle j
it seemed as though the cord attached to |
every whistle afloat and ashore was pulled
and tied down, while a half-dozen search-!
lights Hashed toward the tower, render- '
ing the water and the piers for a great
distance as light as day, despite the pres
ence of the haze.
These searchlights played a not unim
portant part in the water carnival. The
four on the lowa were kept continually
moving, crossing and recrosslng. and oc
casionally focusing their rays on a crowd
ed pier like a liery—yed giant. The Sher
man's searchlights also contributed to the
misty brilliancy of the scene, and another
located on the roof of a downtown busi
ness house flashed its rays Intermittently
in the direction of the transport.
A few minutes after the illumination of
the Bfrry tower a great shower of
bombs arid skyrockets were sent up from
a barge anchored well out in the stream.
A similar shower was .set off from the
end of the Government pier at the same
moment ami the two bursting together al
most directly over th« lowa, descended in
a cloud of brilliantly colored sparks which
can be likened to a rain of gems of the
rarest value. That was the initial feature
of the pyrotechnic display, but, brilliant
though It was, it was far from being the
grandest. From that moment until taps
was sounded at 10 o'clock, the haze was
continually rent by streaming rockets and
bursting shells from both ship and shore.
Dependable Drugs
Mineral
Waters
Mineral waters from the fa-
mous mineral springs of the
— from California to Ger-
many.
The Owl has -every mineral
water for wluich there is a gen-,
eral demand.
Prices for sin-gle bottles.
* .Buffalo Lithia 6oc
A kidney and liver mineral
water from Buffalo Springs,
Virginia. Half gallon bottles.
Appolinaris Water 20c,
This water comes.from Ger-
many.
Bartlett Water 20c <
From California Bartlett
Springs. The genuine spring
water.
Hunyadi Janos 30c
. An aperient mineral water.
Vichy Water 30c
A popular water for the gen-
eral health. Comes from
France.
Veroniica Water 40c.
A two-quart bottle of min-
eral water from Santa Bar-
bara county. • C-
Bythinia Water 20c
A weliknown medicinal min-
eral water. Regular 25c.
Apenta Water " v 20c
Buda Pesta Springs, Hun-
gary. Usually sells for 25c.
Ozonate Lithia 20c
White Rock Lithia from the
State of Wisconsin.
Mr Jm&
™M™ 1 1 28 Market St. «BB»
Tel. South 356. S«n Fr f ßcl < »
10th and Broadway (Tel. Main 309) Oakland
THE CITY ABLAZE WITH LIGHT.
Every yacht and tug contributed its quota
and the vast multitude on the .were
in ecstacies of delight.
When the torch was applied to the bar
rels of tar and other highly Inflammable
material which formed the cargo of the
old hulk representing the destruction of a
Spanish warship, an Involuntary cheer
burst from- 10,000 throats that must have
{seen heard on the other side of the bay.
The blazing hulk burned for an hour or
more and was plainly visible all along the
water front and from every point of van
tage in the city.
The picture on the water made by the
slowly moving tugs and quickly darting
launches was extremely beautiful and full
of action; and the dim outlines of yachts
at anchor a short distance away and an
occasional ferry steamer wending Its way
toward its slip formed appropriate ad
juncts.
The view from the water craft looking
landward was no less entrancing. The
fiery ferry tower was a sort of center
piece around which were grouped lesser
illuminations. Strings of colored lanterns
suspended from toe pier stringers shone
out over the water like a blazing: ruffle
on the city's skirt. Above them the big
arc lights on the docks and suspended
over the streets beyond glowered through
the misty atmosphere, while the many
private illuminations along East street
and other sections of the front were
dimly visible. Further back and higher
up in the city an occasional rocket cut a
red streak across the sky.
To the volunteers on the transport the
display in their honor was grand beyond
their power to describe. They laughed
and cheered and exchanged jokes with the
passengers on the excursion boats as they
passed and repassed the transports, but
the defiant ring of the warrior was not
perceptible in their voices. They were
subdued by th.- intensity of their feelings,
and seemed almost overcome at the mag
nitude and evident sincerity of the wel
come they found awaiting them. They
gave plenty of evidence of how thorough
ly they enjoyed the demonstration in their
honor, but their manner was similar to
that of a long-lost child being restored to
his parents and almost overcome by his
emotions.
But the night carnival on the bay was
over at last, and with a parting toot and
cheer for the soldier boys on the trans
port the little fleet of steam craft turned
Its prows shoreward and discharged its
precious cargoes, the docks were gradu
ally deserted, and the tired but nappy
multitude wenaed Its way homeward.
During the evening a concert arranged
by the Harbor Commissioners was given
by the band from the training ship Pen
eacola in the grand nave of the ferry
building. It was enjoyed by thousands
who had been able to obtain hut a
meager and unsatisfactory view of the
demonstration on the water. All the col
ored electric lights which constitute the
interior decoration of the building were
turned on and drew many expressions of
admiration from th/> visiting throngs.
The beautiful effect of the illumination
of the exterior of the building has been
the subject of a great many well deserved
compliments. The only display in the city
that will at all compare with it in bril
liancy is the magnificent spectacle pre
sented by the City Hall with its hundreds
of electric lights encircling its dome and
outlining its great pillars.
Next to those, the display that has been
voted the most beautiful is the electrical
illumination of the Hearst building at. the
corner of Market and Third streets. Mrs.
Phebe Hearst has been lavish in her ex
penditure to secure a brilliant and artistic
effect, and she succeeded. Long ropes of
electric lights in red, white and blue are
festooned about the front of the building,
extending from the roof to the first story.
Shields with the names of the battles In
THE SAN FT? A NCI SCO CALL. FRIDAY. AUGUST 25, 1899.
which the California soldiers participated
spelled out in electricity occupy positions
of prominence, with a framework of lights
inclosing an illuminated design, "Califor
nia's welcome Home." But the most
striking feature of the decorations and the
most beautiful is a great cross in red elec
tric globes, which occupies the most
prominent position in the angle of the
building. The design as a whole, and Hip
giant cross In particular, drew th*> admir
ing gaze of thousands of pedestrians on
the street last night, and the praise be-
Btowed upon it was well merited.
CITY WENT WILD
WITH THE NIGHT
If Joy is intoxicating San Francisco was
on a terrible time last night. It was sat
urated with patriotism and enthusiastic
to the point of hysterics. The town never
before felt as it did yesterday. It was
never so thoroughly imbued with happi
ness or so completely satisfied with itself.
When the Sherman was sighted the ex
citement began. When the ship came
through the Golden Gate a feeling of wild
exhilaration took possesison of the peo
ple, but it was not until the night wore
on that the city went wild. Everybody
turned out. everybody shouted and every
body tried to outdo his fellow in outland
ish antics and unheard-of modes of mani
festing: his joy. %
While it was yet daylight crowds wend
ed their way toward the water front and
the ferry depot. Some sought a Klimpse
of the transport and the chance of a few
words of greeting to a relative or friend
among the soldier boys aboard. Others
were attracted by the bay illumination
and the thousands of electric lights glis
tening in all their grandeur on the ferry
depot tower. Many went because the
crowd was going. They were caught In
the stream of humanity and were carried
along with the current.
From whence all that vast multitude
came no one could venture to say. And
what became of those countless thou
sands? The march was nil in one direc
tion—all toward the city's water front.
There was apparently no countermarch.
That crowd spread along the docks and
wharves until the front was a surging
mass of humanity, and there it remained,
cheering itself hoarse until far into the
night.
The promenade was not confined to the
sidewalks. From curb to curb the street
was Oiled with pedestrians. At one time
it appeared that the water front had been
filled to the limit, and the ever increasing
and never ending stream of people crowd
ed Market street as far up as Third, and
the onward march was stopped. A string
of cable cars reached from the ferry to a
point beyond the Claus Spreckels build
ing. They were jammed to the limit with
human freight, even the tops being black
with people.
When it appeared that the progress, of
the procession had been stopped for the
night the ranks down by the ferry broke
away, and on. on, on continued the prom
enade. Every cable car carried a load to
the ferry and returned to the outlying dis
tricts without a passenger.
This procession marched to odd music.
The discordant noise from fish horns, cow
bells and rattles was what the crowd
wanted, and was just what it got. The
mingled tinkle and toot and screech from
the endless number of noise-producing
contrivances would have driven the city
crazy on any other occasion.
"When Johnnie Comes Marching Home"
THE CALL'S TRIUMPH.
Oakland Tribune.
The San Francisco Call's war supplement issued this morning in honor
of the home coming of the California Volunteers is one of the most mag
nificent achievements in the history of American journalism. In every detail
the supplement is a work of art and a thing of beauty. The first of the
eight pages is devoted to a picture of the transport Sherman plowing her
way through the Golden Gate that stands out with the vividness of an oil
painting. The other illustrations that adorn every page are equally appro
priate and spirited. _ ,
The most notable of these is a full-page illustration of the heroic Cali
fornians charging to the rescue of the Pennsylvanians when those gallant
soldiers were attacked by the Spaniards during a terrific etorm on the night
of July 31, IS9B— the first battle of the Philippine war. The grim face of
Brigadier General Janus F. Smith, together with those of Colonel Victor
Duboce and all the other officers of the regiment, looks from the fourth
page of the supplement, and on the fifth page is a figure of California
mourning her heroic dead, surrounded by the picture of all the gallant men
■who fell victims to the foemen's bullets or the deadly Philippine climate.
The text of the supplement is in keeping with the illustrations, including
as it does a history of the First California Ilegiment. with vivid descrip
tions of the battles in which it participated, together with a complete roster
of the regiment. The Call supplement is a journalistic triumph of which it
may well be proud and a souvenir of the war that will long be cherished by
the friends and admirers of the gallant First.
everything goes, especially when Johnnie
is California's own.
But noise is not all that went with the
crowd. There was a great display of
patriotism as well, me man was lonesome j
Indeed who did not carry a flag and the
women were bedecked from head to foot
with the national colors.
Th" Btreet faker was in his element. The
man with the flags .sold out early iv the ;
night and gave way to tin boy with the |
buttons and badges. Trade thrived with ;
the youngsters, and they In turn retired
in favor of the latest creation in street i
fakers— the megaphone man. Everybody !
bought one of the cardboard contrivances j
and marched to the front to shout greet
ings to the boys on the transport. To-day
th^ soldiers will hear from the mega
phones again.
And what of to-day? If last night's out
pouring and display of enthusiasm, pa- j
triotism and joy did not reach the limit. I
then the demonstration of this morning .
will truly be such a welcome as soldiers !
never received before.
"THE CALL'S"
EARLY CALL
It was not the sharp notes of a bugle ,
which Hounded reveille for the boys of the |
First California Regiment yesterday. ]
Three blasts of the siren on the tug Fear- !
less awakened them from their slumber '
ami their dreams of home and sent them
pell-mell up the companion ways to the
upper clock. They found the tug along- i
side, laden with thousands of copies of j
The Call of yesterday morning, all kinds |
of fruit and a quantity of cigarettes,
which the thoughtfulness of The Call
management had sent them.
The men were hatless and coatless. and ;
made their appearance rubbing the slum- j
ber from their eyes. They were soon J
made acquainted with the mission of The j
Call reporters, and the work of transfer- |
ring the delicacies from the tug to the j
transport was soon under way. Their \
first consideration was the paper Itself. |
which told of the bravery of the men In
action, of their gallant officers and their I
heroic dead. Loud were the expressions
of approval at the accuracy of the data, :
the beauty of the Illustrations' and the
literary excellence of the text lights
gleamed through many cabin windows,
from which could be seen the soldier ;
boys, scanning the paper with interest.
The news Bection, containing the latest,
information regarding the plans for their i
reception and entertainment also caught !
their attention.
The cigunttes were particularly accept- I
able after the villainous Manila Cigars
the boys have been forced to use dur- !
ing their stay In the Philippines. Then ;
there were peaches, grapes, cantaloupes '
and other fruit, which were welcomed j
after the steady diet of stew, stew, stew, ;
against which they have such vigorous ;
protests to make. " The fruit, consisting !
of twenty cases, was the gift of a number !
of commission merchants, for whom The ,
Call acted as almoner.
Most treasured of all the articles car- j
ried to the Sherman was a huge American '
flag from Commodore John D. Spreckels
to Captain Read t>> replace one not suit- i
able lor the occasion. The flag floated j
on the breeze as the great transport
glided slowly into the harbor late in the j
day.
The thoughts of the volunteers recur
constantly to the friends and relatives
who have awaited their coming these
many days. There are anxious inquiries j
for mothers and sisters, and yet others
whose names are mentioned with diffi
dence. Shut off as the men have been
from civilization for so long a period, i
they feel that all persons know those .
who are near and dear to them.
The distribution of the articles was j
taken in hand by lieutenant Albert
Adler, who dispensed them among tiie i
men of the entire regiment. They re
peatedly volunteered the information that
"The Call is all right." When the Fear
less wus about to cast off the boys gave
three rousing cheers for The Call and
for its proprietor.
Not a moments delay occurred in de
livering the papers. They were the first
from the press and were sent to the Fear
less at Howard-street wharf without any
loss of time. Chief Engineer J. E. Dris
coll had steam up and once the papers
were on board the lines ' were cast off
and the race against time to the trans
port commenced. The signal to start was
immediately followed by the order to
"hook on." The huge tug ran along the
water front like a shadow, the wharves
disappearing from sight rapidly in the
gray mist of the morning. The run out
was made in less than forty-five minutes,
Engineer Drlscoll acting well his part.
Captain Marshall's daughters accom
panied him and found many friends
among the soldiers. They retailed to them
innocent gossip about mutual acquaint
ances, for' which the boys naturally crave
after their long absence from home.
CROWDS GATHER
AT THE WHARVES
"The world, his wife and all his children
are out to-day," remarked an old water
front habitue as he watched the crowds of
people scurrying toward the wharves from
early morning yesterday until the time ior
the marine display. •
"I have never s"en anything to equal it,"
continued this frequenter of the bilge
water district, "not even the reception
tendered to General Grant after his
famous trip around the world. It un
doubtedly eclipses that memorable occa
sion, both in point of numbers and in the
enthusiasm displayed by the spectators."
And, in fact, the water front was crowd r
ed as it never was crowded before. It la
safe to say that over 50,000 people gath-
ered ai the city front yesterday. Ten
thousand or more of these went out on
the Various excursion boats, while the rest
contented themselves by appropriating
points of vantage along the ends of the
piers and wherever they could get a foot
hold. The irrepressible small boy was seen
in large numbers everywhere and in any
old place. The rigging of deep water ships
lying at the docks was weighted down by
v mass of humanity, and no position, no
matter how perilous it may have been, out
had its quota of interested spectators.
The most astonishing feature of this im
mense gathering, which braved many dis
comforts to help in the hearty welcome to
the returning heroes, is that not a single
accident occurred to mar the enjoyment
of the day. Only a few minor cases were
treated at the Harbor Hospital, and of
these only two were taken from the. water
front. One individual, in the excess of
his enthusiasm and exuberance of spirit,
was brought in fainting, but rapidly re
covered. Another w;us treated for the
common complaint, "foreign body in the
eye," but the enemy was dislodged in
short order.
NOTES OF THE
CELEBRATION
Aside from the California Infantry and
California Artillery there were 261 unat
tacbed men from various commands in
Manila and about a dozen stowaways. The
cabin passengers are O. 11. J. Schlott. Red
Cross superintendent; Charles C. Todd, C.
*i. AVagg I©.1 ©. Red Cross nurse; Dr. Rose
Beer, Red Cross: Annie J. Garlick, Red
Cro«>s; Louise C. Knight, Government
nurse; John Areneta, George Areneta, R.
Lacson, three Filipino students who are
coming' here to study under the auspices
of Chaplain MeKinnon; diaries Coonley,
newspaper ariist; Ralph Clay, lieutenant
Fourteenth Infantry; Louis Crowley,
Postofflce Department; P. E. Hatch, cap
tain Eighteenth Infantry; H. I. Hancock,
Leslie's Weekly; E. M. Jones. Associated
Press, and Peter McQueen, National Mag
azine.
The Cadet Company attached to the
Fir^t Regiment of California Volunteers
will assemble at its armory, corner of
I'ape and Gough streets, at 8 a/ m. to par
ticipate in tlic great day par/fide.
The organization known as the Dis
charged California Volunteers and Reg
ulars will meet in the. Ellis-street armory
at a quarter-past 7 o'clock for the purpose
of receiving badges and fireworks, and
then those veterans will march to the po
sition assigned them on Sutter street, east
of Van Xess avenue. Carriages will be
provided for those who are disabled.
I The grand marshal of the night parade
»>•*•*••••••••••••••• IH
THEATERS
TO-MORROW
OPEN LATE
* /f*^^ acount of the big parade *
* if to-morrow night the parade J
to-morrow night the man-
J; users of the Columbia, Or- *
~ pheum, Tivoli, Alcazar and
X California theaters have decided to
t hold their curtains until 9 o'clock, *
i thus allowing their patrons to view )$
--i the great demonstration without 3f
t missing any of the performance. *
*■ . The Grand Opera-house and . &
* Chutes will not open at all, but *
< the Grand will give a special mati- *
*■ nee on Sunday in lieu of the even- ♦
X ing opera. *
FORMATION OF THE PARADE.
The diagram herewith presented shows the formation of the parade
for Saturday night. The several organizations which are to make
up the big procession can see at a glance the respective positions which
have been assign«d to them.
has assigned the Los Angeles delegation
a post of honor. They will march beside
their friends and relatives in Battery D
of the Heavy Artillery. All former resi
dents of Los Angeles, as well as the visit-
Ing delegation, are requested to meet on
Friday evening at the headquarters,
rooms" 569 and 570. Parrott building, to
complete arrangements for participation
in the parade.
The executive committee has invited |
Colonel Duboce and his staff to occupy the
committee's grand stand at Kearny and
Market streets during the parade to-day.
Colonel Sullivan announced to the
League of the Cross Cadets that he de
sires a full attendance this morning. The
cadets will form at Steuart and Market
streets at half-past 10 o'clock sharp.
With the compliments of Tillmann &
Bendel, a hng of cigars will be laid be
side the plate of every soldier at their
breakfast this morning. The bag itself
will be a souvenir, and the firm extends a
hearty welcome and smoke to all of the
boys.. Should any soldier be inadvertent
ly overlooked he is requested to call at ]
the company's store, where all deficits
will be made good.
Among those who viewed the parade
from the decks of the flagship Fearless
was Mrs. James F. Smith, wife of Gen
eral Smith, the former commander of the j
First California Regiment. She was the
guest of Mr. and Mrs. John D. Spreckels.
At the Presidio the tents of the First
California Regiment have been beautifully
decorated by Mrs. Colonel Duboce, Mrs.
Major Hoxton, Mrs. Major Firth, Mrs.
George Clark and Miss Mabel Quatman.
Some of the Colorado boys assisted Id the
work and all the bunting was donated by
Hale Brothers, who also lent their head
decorator to assist. The flowers and
greenery were contributed by the Park
Commission. Colonel Duboce's tent is a I
dream of beauty.
SOLDIER AND
WIFE EMBRACE
Standing on the bridge of the Sherman
Colonel Victor D. Duboce watched with
strained eyes the approach of the Gov
ernor Markham. He had been told the
night before that his wife, whom hu had
not seen in more than a year, was to be
on the tug. The commander of the First
California, his glasses glued to his eyes,
saw a figure on the top of the pilot box,
and no longer than a trice was Colonel
Duboi-o on the Sherman's bridge. He de
scended in hasty steps to the upper deck
and on the starboard side waited until his
wife should reach hailing distance.
Mrs. Duboce as soon as she caught sight
of the transport began waving her hand
kerchief in ecstatic delight. Soldiers on
the Sherman who had never met nor seen
Mrs. Duboce wanted to know who she
was, for it. was apparent that this woman
had more than the ordinary interest iiv
the return of the volunteers.
Passing close to the transport the Mark
ham rounded her stern and brushed
alongside. Following the boat which car
ried his wife Colonel Duboce took up a
position within easy speaking range, and
the first words exchanged in fourteen
months between the soldier and his wife
were shouted over the water.
With snail-like pace the Sherman crept
down the bay until when well within the
straits the order was given to lower the
companion ladder. Hardly had it been
done wh'-n Mrs. Duboee mounted to the
transport deck and in an instant was in
her husband's arms. There were tears in
the woman's eyes; the soldier's face
beamed with Joy.
Governor Steunenberg 1 Appreciates.
Governor Frank Steunenberg of Idaho
caused a demonstration of patriotic feel
ing In the Orpheum last night which will
not soon be forgotten by those present.
He was the guest of the management. Hi 3
presence was announced from the stage
at the first intermission and the audience
demanded a speech.
"Ladies and gentlemen," said the Gover
nor. "X was out on the bay to-day. I saw
that grand naval parade. I saw how Ban
Francisco opened her arms to her boys;
and excuse me if I am not able to say
very much. Never in my life have I seen
such a pageant or witnessed such whole
souled enthusiasm. I am here to meet
my own boys, who are due in a few days,
and to-day's reception has touched a cord
in my heart which I find has choked my
voice. The First California was the first
volunteer regiment to go to the front, and
the- manner of their home-coming is in
full accord with tbe gallant sacrifice they
made for their country and flag."
WOMEN IN DELICATE HEALTH
SHOULD CONSULT THESE
NUMBERS. :\
IV 3--<|^?-— '^2 ■
j *wi:\ ]:.
. Women of feeble physique, women who are
pale, weak and emaciated, as a result of those
troubles peculiar to their sex, should take
Hudynn. for HUDYAN cures. - Hudyan is
woman's friend.
The following symptoms are promptly re-
lieved by HUDYAN: Headaches and dizziness
(Fig. 1); hollow eyes and dark rings under
eyes (Fig. 2); pale and wan complexions (Fig
3); palpitation of heart (Fig. 4); impaired di-
gestion (Fig. 5); weakness of limbs (Fig. 6)
i lll UV^ cures all lhMie distressful symptoms/
for HLDYAN corrects the cause, and the causa
in most instances is female weakness.
HUDYAN is a positive cure for the most ob-
stinate cases of leucorrhoea. painful menstrua-
tion, falling of the womb, excessive flowing and
chronic inflammation »r ulceration. Hudyan
at once affords relief from bearing-down or
dragging pains, weak back, and all those symp-
toms that arise where the delicate organism is
at fault. Nervousness in women is nearly al-
-♦• — 4. ways due to female
,„,._., complaint; HUDYAN
WOMEN . cures. Hudyan cures
ADVISFFI constipation, promotes
c-oLV 1 healthful sleep. ere- ;
; rKfc.E. ' ates rosy cheeks and'
Call or Write I eyes - hudyan cre-
_2_"™ nlßl I ates a splendid appe-
/ ~ —————4 t i te and assists dlges-
'l™- « omen who take Hudyan will recommend
1,,,, , v. for U cu res permanently.
HUDYAN is for sale by drugglsts-50c a
packages or six packages for $2 50
If your druggist- does not keep Hudvan, send
direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.. cor.
Stockton. Ellis and Market sts., San Francisco,
A^T UI i T T.J HE HUDYAN DOCTORS
PA?^ T OR T IT£ FREE ° F CHARGE.
CALL OR WRITE. -LABORI PLACES COLONEL MAUREL
ON THE INQUISITORIAL GRIDIRON
President of the 1894
Court- Martial Badly
Worsted During the
Encounter.
JOUAUSTJOJIS AID
Display of Partiality
That Bodes 111 for
the He dv Diable
Prisoner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DEN>TES, Aug. 24.— T0-day's ces
sion of the Dreyfus oourt-mar
tial was marked by one of the
UtiaJ. was marked by one of the
most exciting scenes of the trial.
The proceedings opened with a
skirmish entirely favorable to the de
fense over Colonel Maurel, president of
the court-martial of 1894, who admitted
having read to the court one of the
secret documents which had not been
seen by the defense. He protested that
only one document was k looked at, al
tering that this sufficed to enable him
to form a conviction that could not be
shaken.
This protest made matters worse, be
cause, as M. Laborl pointed out, if he
perused one it was his bound duty to
peruse all.
Colonel Jouaust upheld Colonel Mau
rel in his refusal to indicate the nature
of the document he read, but M. La
bori announced that he would summon
Captain Freystatter, another member
of the tribunal of 1594, and get his ver
sion of what passed behind the backs
of the counsel for the defense. Colonel
Maurel felt his position keenly and
continually hesitated before replying to
Labori's questions.
All this, however, was only prelimin
ary to a fierce battle that ensued be
tween M. Labori and General Mercier.
the latter receiving reinforcements
from General Roget, General Gonse
and General de Boisdeffre, as well as
Invaluable assistance from Colonel
Jouaust himself.
M. Labori took General Mercier over
the whole ground of his previous depo
sition. This led to several sharp pas
sages at arms between the advocate
and Colonel Jouaust, who upheld Mer
cier in refusing to reply to several
questions which, in the general opinion
of those in the courtroom, were dis
tinctly pertinent.
Whenever General Mercier was cor
nered he declined to answer, and Col
onel Jouaust invariably supported him.
M. Labori protested most energetically.
His words and manner breathed the
deepest indignation, but the president
of the court-martial was inflexible.
The intervention of Generals Gonse.
Roget and De Boisdeffre and Major
Lauth, who in rapid succession
mounted the stage or arose in their
peats and interposed remarks, was very
exciting, and carried the spectators
along on a wave of breathlessness.
One after the other these officers, who
were to-day in full uniform, would
Jump up and cry "I demand to be
h^ard." and without further waiting
ascend the stairs of the platform and
b< gin a statement in support of a
brother officer. Sometimes four officers
were on the stage at the same time.
It was a marvelous display of military
clanni3hness. At one time a perfect
babel of voices reigned for several min
utes, until Colonel Jouaust intervened
and restored order.
M. Labori's cross-examination was
successful so far as it went, but Colo
nel Jouaust prevented him pressing
his advantage to the utmost. In fact.
Jouaust's hostile atttitude toward the
counsel for the defense then and during
the cross-examination of M. de Grand
maison evoked the severest criticism
on the part of the public present and
bodes ill for Dreyfus. Not only Colonel
Jouaust, but the other judges, dis
played considerable impatience during
Laborl's scathing cross-examination,
shifting restlessly in their seats and
drumming on the tables with the tips
of their fingers.
*
SORRY SHOWING MADE
BY FRENCH GENERALS
Laborl Causes Each in His Turn to Be
Placed in a Ridiculous
Light.
RRNNES. Aug. 24.— When the fourth
Fusion of the third week of the second
(rial by court-martial of Captain Alfred
Dreyfus, charged with treason, opened at
the Lycee here at 6:30 a. m. to-day Colonel
Jnuaust. president of the court, ordered
that tlve evidence given by M. Penot, a
friend of the late Colonel Sandherr. chief
r-f the Intelligence department, be read
by the clerk of the court. It was to the
effect that Colonel Sandherr said the
Dreyfus family offered him 150,000 franca
r»n condition that he would clear Dreyfus.
If. Demange, for the defense, disposed
of the allegation by reading the actual
note written on the subject by Colonel
.Sar.ilherr. thereby proving that the col
onel's remarks had been distorted, Drey
fus' brothers having only said:
"We are convinced of the innocence of
our brother and -will spend our entire for
tune to discover the truth."
The testimony of the first witness of the
day, M. Llnolle, a former official of the
Government, was also in favor of Drey
fus afi it was in direct contradiction of
what M. de Brieul deposed yesterday In
regard to the alleged Intimacy of Dreyfus
with the German attache at the house of
M Bodson. a mutuaJ friend.
The president of the court then called
Colonel Maurel, who was president of the
I>reyfus court-martial in 189*. Complete
Bllence fell upon the court as the Infantry
sergeant who was acting usher conducted
Maurel to the witness bar. The colonel
was attired in a black frock coat and bore
the red ribbon of the Legion of Honor at
bia buttonhole. His hair is gray and he
raM-ed, iron-gray mustache His
Lowed anxiety. As M. Laborl lashed
irith pointed questions the colom-i
hesitated and then answered in a short,
:hoppv manner, and when M. Labon nnai
iv disposed of him the witness left the
platform with the pale face and scared
look of a man who has awakened from
a nightmare. Counsel bad drawn xrom
AT THE OPENING OF THE DREYFUS TRIAL.
Scene in the courtroom in the Lycee building at Rennes when the accused stood up for examination. From a sketch made
for Black and White.
the colonel a confession that the secret
dossier was communicated to the judges
of the court-martial of 1894 by Major Dv
Paty de Clam. This avowal produced a
sensation In court and Maurel's declara
tion that he read only one of the docu
ments did not affect the main fact, while
hie statement that the reading of the doc
ument had no effect upon him, as his
mind was already mad« up. was nullified
by his subsequent declaration that this
one document sufficed to convince him.
M. Labori then put a series of searching
questions to General Mercier with refer
ence to the communication of the secret
dossier for the court-martial, and his at
titude in 1594, and an Interesting scene
ensued. The general refused to reply to
all the questions, and there were sharp
passages at arms between counsel and
Colonel Jouaust, who upheld Mercier,
while the dialogue between the general
and M. Labori became acrimonious. Coun
sel became very heated and showed it in
his voice and gestures. The general, how
ever, troubled though his mind might be.
seldom departed from the callous de
meanor characteristic of him.
The lawyer made a strong point on the
part Esterhazy played. Mercier said he
did not know Esterhazy, and only saw
him once— at the Zola trial.
•"That is very interesting,' exclaimed
M. Labori, "but surely General Mercier
was present at the Esterhazy trial?"
The general replied that he was not
there and that he knew nothing about
the evidence in the Esterhazy proseeu
"What." cried M. Labori, "General Mer
cier, who was the chief accuser of Drey
fus, did not even follow the proceedings
in the Esterhazy trial?" .
A loud murmur of surprise and indig
nant comment came from the audience,
but Colonel Jouaust Immediately sup
pressed it. • '.■ ';.', ■
Counsel then brought General Mercier
to his assertion that 36,000.000 francs were
spent by th" defenders of Dreyfus, and
asked the general to say how he . knew
this, who spent it and other awkward
questions, which he was unable to an
swer A question as to how the bordereau
arrived at the offices of the general staff
its date, etc.. was then introduced, which
led to a strange scene for a court of law.
General Roget, on mounting the plat
form to give explanations, was followed
by General de Boisdeffre. M. Gnbelin.
Major Lauth and other military witnesses,
all holding up their hands, showing that
they desired to speak, while at the same
time M. Labori was tiring questions. The
result was a perfect babel, until the presi
dent of the court could stand it no longer,
and when the Government commissary.
Major Carriere. also interpellated a few
Major Carriere, also interpellated a few re
marks Colonel Jouaust turned to him and
judges could not hear a half-dozen people
M. Labor! ques
tioned General Mercier with reference to
a document in the secret dossier which,
it is affirmed, existed prior to 1894. and jet
was not produced at the first court-mar-
U Th°e £ gene P r r al SO con r fes S ed that he did not
know of its existence, and the same state
ment was elicited from General Gonse,
who deV^red that Colonel Sandherr was
responsible for its non-production The r<
r>l ies were tantamount to a eonfe>sion
hat Colonel Sandh^r and Uratenant
ter of War and even General Gonse.
assistant chief of the headquarters start,
the chfef of the Intelligence department
keeping from the two latter just what he
P Th Ben8 en M. Labori proceeded to take up the
Panlzzardi dispatch and to bring out the
contradictory translation of it and the
fairness of the final version. After hear
ing General Mercier and General Chanolne
on the subject Colonel Jouaust declared
the court would rule the dispatch out of
evidence The examination of General
Mercier being concluded. Colonel Jouaust
asked Dreyfus if he had anything to say
and the prisoner in a calm ™ l %™# l **
to Mercier's statement that he jDre>fus)
could have obtained the information
about the artillery promised in the bor
dereau, while staying at Bourges where
artillery trials were being held. Dre\ f us
entered into an explanation as to how he
spent his time, showing that he did not
inform himself about the trials of the
new gun brake. General Risbourg re
counted what Captain Lebrun-Renauld
Paid about Dreyfus, and this brought the
latter to his feet with a thrilling declara
tion He pointed out that the captain
shook him by the hand when he returned
to the prison, which is at variance with
what General Rlsbourg recounted
"Moreover," cried Dreyfus, when a
frightful charge has been hanging over a
man's head for five years people ought
not to talk of convictions but should
bring proofs. Otherwise I cease to un
derstand the matter."
This indignant protest caused a deep
sensation in court. Continuing. Dreyfus
proceeded to totally deny the story that
he had made a confession to Captain Le
brun-Renauld.
A number of other witnesses were
heard including M. Quesnay de Beaure
paire's friend. Muller, who was respons- j
ible for the story that he found a mar
ginal note on the subject of the arrest of
Dreyfus on a newspaper in Lraperor \Vlill
lam bedroom at Potsdam. He testified
to this effect. of Colonel Jouaust to per-
The refusal of Colonel Jouaust to per
mit General Roget to be recalled, which
occurred during the proceedings, was
looked upon as indicating a desire to
shorten the case.
Following are the more important pro
ceedings in detail: .
Colonel Ma-arel. who was president of
the Dreyfus court-marital of 1594, was
called He started by emphatically deny
ine that any communication, verbal or
written was made to the court during
the course of the trial. He said they only
knew the case from the documents in
the dossier and the testimony given. Then
the colonel, saying he only desired to
sneak of matters upon which his recol
lection was clear, proceeded to declare
that he had nothing to say -in regard to
the expert evidence of M. Charavay. M.
Trissonleres or M. Pelletier, but he added
that M Bertillon's testimony appealed to
the eves and minds of the judges. It had
been said that the judges did not under
stand it. but that was not true.
Regarding the evidence given at the
court-martial of 1594. witness said he con
sidered that Major Dv Paty de Clam had
only given the court a circumspect repe
tition of his report, while the late Lieu
tenant Colonel Henry's evidence would
nave been more forcible if less exagger
ated. At the same time. Maurel contin
ued he believed. Henry had spoken with
out hatred or passion.
The prisoner's attitude at the trial was
correct and calm. His repeated denials
THE SAN FBA^CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 25, 1899.
and protests were far from astonishing
the witness. They seemed perfectly nat
ural. The only letter handed to Colonel
Maurel during the course of the trial
w.i- not brought by Colonel Picquart.
The letter, moreover, was returned the
skine evening to the officer who
brought it.
Replying to M. Labori, Maurel said he
did not know General Mercier and had
not seen him since the trial until June
last.
M. Labori— Can Colonel Maurel tell us
to what he attributes the secret commu
nication of the dossier?
Colonel Maurel— l have not the slightest
idea.
M Labori— -Can you tell the name of
the officer who brought you the letter?
Colonel Maurel— lt was Dv Paty de
Clam.
M Labori— Were there many documents
In this secret dossier? Can you state what
they were?
Colonel Maurel— l only saw one of them.
I did not luok at the others, because my
mind was already made up.
.M. Labori— Had the other members ol
the court also made up their minds?
Colonel Maurel— Yes.
M Labori Can you tell us how, know
ing, as the Judge, that it was your duty
to seek conscientiously for information
and to expect sin. ere communications
from the public prosecutor— that is to say,
communications setting forth all the
points in the case both for and against
the prisoner— you could be of the opinion
that your mind was wholly made up after
reading a single document? U'rulonged
tion.J
I lonel Maurel said he failed to clearly
grasp the question, and M. I^aborl repeat
ed his query, whereupon the witness re
plied that he could not answer, because If
he did so he would have to speak of the
first document In the dossier, "which con
vinced the court of the prisoners guilt."
At this point M. Labori said he would
like to confront Colonel Maurel with Cap
tain Freystmeter, another of the judges
at tho court-martial of 1894. Freystmeter
was not present, and Colonel Maurel
promised to wait a few days and give the
captain an opportunity of attending.
A lively incident followed. M. Labori.
having asked leav.- to Interrogate General
Merrier, the Government commissary,
Major Carriere took occasion to remark
that while counsel had the right v. ask
questions he had no business to draw de
ductions, to which the lawyer deftly re
plied tli.it be had always acted with a full
Knowledge of the restrictions imposed
upon counsel and that he had no need of
lessons from Major Carriere and would
not accept them.
General Mercier was then recalled, and
it was noted that he had donned his uni
form for the first lime. The impression
thereby created was that the general, ex
pecting a hot cross-examination, thought
that his uniform would perhaps protect
him. M. Labori said he desired to kii"v,
if General Mercier admitted ordering Col
onel Maurel to communicate secret docu
ments to the court-martial of 1594.
Gdneral Mercier — I knew 1 did not have
the right to give formal orders to that
effect, but I Cave moral orders In a man
ner sufficiently eleir. (Sensation.)
counsel proceeded to closely question
the general, referring to the "Dixi" arti
cle in the Libre Parole. Mercier replied
that he was so accustomed to violence
from the press that he paid no attention
to that article.
Replying to further questions, the gene
ral said that, when Dreyfus was arrested,
ho knew of no other proof against Drey
fus than the bordereau. There were,
therefore, only suspicions, but it was
urgently necessary not to lose time in ar
resting him in order to stop the treason
able practices.
M. Labori here asked Colonel Jouaust
to secure the evidence of M. Papilland,
editor of the Libre Parole, In regard to
the "dixi" letter, in which the name of
Dreyfus was disclosed as that of the of
ficer arrested for espionage. As Colonel
Jouaust hesitated, M. Labori Insisted up-<
on the necessity for an examination of
Papilland. "In order to reach the truth
I am seeking for."
"The whole responsibility for this ease,"
counsel added, "I believe realiy rests up
on the late Lieutenant Colonel Henry and
Major Dv Patj- de Clam."
Resuming his examination of General
Mercior, M. Labori asked him several
questions as to why he at first ascribed
the date of the bordereau to the month
of April. General Mercier said that in
1894 he was only acquainted with the
general reasons which existed for be
lieving Dreyfus guilty and had not paid
much attention to the details.
The general refused to reply to many
of the questions. For Instance, he de"
cllned to say whether he had examined
the proofs against Dreyfus.
M. Labori— ln short you consider it in
the nature of a sensational move to have
Dreyfus persecuted and sentenced. Did
you examine previously the charges
against Dreyfus?
General Mercier — I only examined the
nature of the documents betraj-ed.
M. Labori— Was !t not necessary for
that purpose to fix the date or the
i bordereau?
General Mercier— l do not think so.
Further. I declare that Labori is dis
cussing the whole trial of 1894. That may
have seme Interest from an historical
point of view. But since the Court of
Cassation quashed the judgment it seems
to me that it is not for us now to revert
to the various features of that trial.
M. Labori pointed out the contra
dictions in the evidence of officers of the
headquarters staff regarding the im
portance of the contents of the bordereau,
and asked General Mercier where Drey
fus could have obtained particulars about
the automatic brake.
The general hotly objected to being
asked to repeat his evidence, and M. La
in.ri equally warmly said: "I am only
asking for definite statements."
General Mercier then said he thought
| Dreyfus might have had cognizance of the
- brake at Bourges. adding, "in anj- event
he had a better chance to obtain such
knowledge than Esterhazy could possibly
have had."
M. Labori — General Mercier says Drey
j fus might have had cognizance, I desire
Ito emphasize that expression. We shall
now prove Dreyfus could not have cog
nizance of the brake.
Counsel proceeded to demonstrate how
rigorouslj* the secret of the construction
of the brake was guarded and asked why,
in 1894. the charge? regarding the Robin
melenlte shells were not dwelt upon.
General Mercier— That rises on thft sim
ple fact that it was not known in 1896 or
1897 that information on the subject was
being divulged.
The nassagep-at-arms between M. La
bori and General Mercier were followed
with the keenest interest. Both men were
wary and mutually suspicious of each
other, and there was considerable acer
bity. Colonel Jouaust at times finding it
difficult to prevent the discussion from
wandering outside legal paths.
Continuing, M. Labor! asked why Gen
eral Mercler did not have a report pre
pared regarding the confessions Dreyfus
Is alleged to have made to Captain Le
brun-Renaud. : .y
Mercier — The question of the confessions
was of no chance, as a revision of the case
seemed impossible.
M. Labori— What does General Mercier
think of Ksterhazy and the part he
played? "-'•:;
General Mercier— l do not know Ester
hazy and I do not think about him at all.
M. Labori— Did he know you at his trial
In ISSS?
General Mercier— No.
Colonel Jouaust— Mercier was
not Minister or War then.
M. Labori— This is most interesting .
General Mercler declares he knows noth
ing of the trial of 1898.
General Mercier— know nothing of it.
I leave that to the court-martial which
tried Esterhazy. I have only to 'answer
in court for my acts and I refuse you the
right to question me about my thoughts.
[Sensation.
Colonel Jouaust, addressing M. Labor!,
said: "You are reverting to the evidence
of General Mercier?"
M. Labori— My object in interrogating
the witness is to revert to his evidence.
General Mercler— l protest against the
word "interrogatory," for I am not a
prisoner.
(Note— "lnterrogatory" in French law
generally applies to the examination of an
accused person by a magistrate.)
M. Labori— lt is not a question of inter
rogatory. I used the word in the most
respectful sense. Will General Mercier
say what he means by the charge pre
ferred against the partisans of Dreyfus
of having spent 35.000,000 francs? What
was the sum used for? The amount is sim
ply ridiculous.
General Mercler— l might Just as well
ask you. (Sensation.)
M. Labori— Do you mean to suggest that
it was spent in advertising and in buying
consciences?
General Mercier— l say nothing what
ever.
Counsel next wished to know why the
bordereau was communicated to the court
martial of 1594. when it was considered
impossible to show the other documents
of the secret dossier. .
General Mercier— Because the bordereau 1
was not dated nor signed, and its place
of origin could be concealed.
M. Labori pointed out that the place of I
origin had been mentioned in court, and i
then asked for explanations in regard to
the perpetration of the 1894 forgery.
The cross-examination of General Mer
cier became more and more heated and
so rapid that it was difficult to follow,
and many of the answers were confusing.
As the questions of counsel touched
upon the secret dossier and a certain doc
ument In blue pencil. General Gonse. Gen- '
eral Roget. M. Grlbelin and Major Lauth I
also participated in the discussion, which
at last degenerated into wrangle. The
Government commissary, Major Carriere,
protested against such discussion, and
Colonel Jouaust ordered silence. The com
missary said an attempt was being made
to show there was a fresh forgery, which
was used for purposes of comparisons, to
which M. Labori retorted that Major Car
riere was mistaken. The tendency of these
cross-examinations, he added, was only to
demonstrate the truth.
Major Lauth said he believed a clew to
the blue pencil document existed before
the trial of 1594.
M. Labori asked why, in that case, it
was not produced at the trial, since it in
criminated the prisoner?
General Mercier said he did not know of
this clew, and Major Lauth disclaimed all
responsibility in the matter, as he was
not connected with the preliminary in
quiry. General Gonse said the document
had been In the possession of Colonel
Sandherr (Sensation.), and it was by him
placed in the secret dossier for compari
son with other papers. •
M. Labori asked for explanations in re
gard to the commentary on the secret
dossier, and General Mercier admitted he
destroyed it in 1394.
General Gonse, who was questioned on
the same subject, declared that it was by
order of General de Boisdeffre that he re
turned the commentary to General Mer
cier.
After further questions Mercier said
the Panlzzardi telegram was not commu
nicated to the court-martial In 1594. He
was ordered by General de Boisdeffre not
to 1 include it in the secret dossier. (Sen
sation.)
Counsel next discussed the three-page
document claiming that the false render
ing of the Panizzardi telegram was to
make it point directly to Dreyfus as the
traitor.
Mercier asked to be allowed to converse
with General Chanoine before attempting
to explain. General Chanoine thereupon
advanced and explained about the docu
ment, which had been handed him by
General Mercier. He said he noticed in
accuracies in it and resolved not to use It.
Witness, however, had been carried away
in testifying and read a page of the docu
ment, and it was after a friendly conver
sation with Maitre Labori that he read
the entire document in court, at General
Mercier's request, and returned him the
document. , • -' ; -.' i;;
General Mercier acknowledged the accu
racy of General Chanoine s statement,
adding that it was Colonel Dv Paty de
Clam who gave him the document. (Sen
sation.)
Counsel had the document re-read, and
referred to the two versions of two tele
grams of November 2. one designating
Dreyfus as communicating documents to
Germany, M. Labori pointing out that M.
Pateologue of the Foreign Office denied
that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs had i
communicated this version, and asked I
why General : . Mercier had received It
through Dv Paty de Clam
At this juncture General Roget mounted
the platform and expressed surprise at
this* "idle controversy being resumed."
(Cries qf "Oh! Oh!")
The general asked . that Major Maton,
who assisted in deciphering the telegram,
be called, and counsel protested against
the application of the word "idle" to any
questions he thought proper to ask.
?. General Chanoine said he communicat
ed the document to General Roget. while
enjoining absolute privacy on the subject.
When asked if he a<»epted responsibility
for the document General Chanoine re
plied in the affirmative, adding, however,
the admission that he had made a mis
t alc^
Colonel Jouaust intimated that the court
MURDERS THE
UN 10
REJECTED HIM
Then Jerome Turjaer Fires
a Bullet Through His
Own Brain.
CRIME ATJEDWOOD
Mrs. Lillie Stalter the Victim of
the Rage of a Disappointed
Suitor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 24.—A double
tragedy.was enacted in this city early
this evening ■when a love and liquor
crazed man killed the woman who re
fused his offer of marriage, and.then
himself. The tragedy occurred at the
home of Mrs. Titus on Main street.
This morning Mrs. Titus and her
daughter, Mrs. Lillie Stalter,' ' accom
panied by Jerome Turner, a boarder at
their home, visited San Francisco, to
see the decorations. After spending
some time in the city the party con
cluded to take a trip to Alvarado to
visit Mrs. Titus' son. On the ferry
boat both ladies were startled by Tur
ner suddenly proposing marriage' to
Mrs. Stalter. His suit was indignantly"
rejected by both mother and daughter.
On arriving in Oakland they took the
first train to San Francisco, leaving
Turner in Oakland, where he spent a
great portion of the day in saloons
! drinking.
When Mrs. Titus and her daughter
returned to this city Turner came on
! the same train. He took a carriage at
j the station and reached the Titus res
idence in advance of the ladies.
When they entered the house they
were confronted by Turner who bran-
I dished a pistol and shouted: "Now I've
i got you!" He fired two shots at the
! head of Mrs. Stalter, who dropped to
the floor. Mrs, Titus grappled with him
to save herself and, crying • for help,
struggled to the front door and ran out
into the street screaming murder. Im
mediately another shot was heard and
i Turner dropped at the door with a bul
| let in his brain. Persons who hurried
I to the scene of the shooting found Tur
i ncr and his victim breathing their
I last.
Mrs. Stalter was 33, years old and a
! native of this city. She was recently
! divorced. Turner likewise was married
j before, but was divorced by his wife
for cruelty. The latter is now married
to a prominent business man.
The murderer was about 50 years of
' age and, through his dissolute habits,
was a social outcast. Mrs. Stalter was
well known and highly esteemed.
9 -♦—-♦-- >—*>-♦-<$•-♦-$•-♦-♦-♦-■s>-♦-©
!
!
j
;
!
i
i
!
-1
!
I
!
i
i
i
:
1
'
i
ought to take no notice of the document
in question. , 
Dreyfus here gave a detailed story or
how he employed his time at Bourges
from October, 1886, to February. 1890. He
said that as he was preparing for his ex
amination he had no time to go to cafes
or to think of anything outside of his dv
ties. This was contrary to General Mer
cier's assertion that he could have learned
that secret of the pneumatic brake there.
The prisoner said: "„, '
"I v.-;is promoted captain September 12,
ISS9, and remained at Bourges from Octo
ber 1689, to February, 1890, when the writ
ten examination at the military college
began. I was then called to Paris, ob
tained two" months' leave and was married
in April. I spent four months at Bourges.
As 1 was preparing for examination 1 Had
no time to go to cafes or to think of any
thing outside of my duties."
General Risbourg, who was commander
of the Republican Guard in Paris in 1894,
was the next witness. He described the
scene with Captain Lebrun-Renaud,
when the witness learned of Dreyfus' al
leged confessions to Captain Lebrun-
Renaud, the day after the prisoner's deg
radation. In conclusion General Risbours
eulogized the service of Captain Lebrun- j
Renaud and said before the incident of
the confession there was nothing against
him. He was an excellent officer, a good
comrade and incapable of injuring any
one. ■■ :/.
After being asked the usual questions
Dreyfus protested against General Ris
bourg's evidence.
"I am surprised," the prisoner said,
"that he. Captain Lebrun-Renaud, could
have made the statements attributed to
him. On the way from the prison of La
Sante Captain Lebrun-Renaud shook
hands with me, a fact which is in contra
diction of his statement. Besides, when
such a terrible charge has been hanging
over a man, who has resisted it for five
years, witnesses, should not come here
merely to speak their beliefs but ought
to bring proofs, positive proofs. Other
wise I am completely nonplused as to
how I can reply. (Sensation.)
Dreyfus then proceeded to give the true
version of his words on the occasion of
the alleged confession and dwelt on his
protestations of innocence to Dv Paty do
Clam. The prisoner's remarks deeply
impressed his hearers.
At the request of Demange, General
Mercier was recalled and asked to ex
plain why, having sent Dv Paty de Clam
to Dreyfus to discover the amount of
the injury Dreyfus had done, he had not
followed up his investigations.
Mercier—l did not feel called upon to
do so.
The prisoner again protested that the
inquiry ought to be followed up, "because
it would have . served to destroy the
fiction of a confession, to which such im
portance was now attached." (Sensation.)
r M. Duvereine, special commissary of
the Minister of War. deposed that Colo
nel Picquart was ordered to have Ester
hazy watched. M. Duvereine saw Ester
hazy enter the German Embassy October
23. 1597 He stayed there an hour and
drove to the Credit Foncier. where he
went to the office of La Patrie.
M. Labori—What does General Roget
think of the part played by Esterhazy?
General Roget—l have said that the
part played by Esterhazy escaped me
completely.
M. Labori—General Roget,. however,
spoke of the syndicate as though It was
a public institution.
General Roget—Exactly: it. is a public
institution. Everybody talks of it.
M. Labori—But General Roget men
tioned an offer of 600,000 francs to Ester
hazy. I insist upon asking General Roget
what he thinks of Esterhazy's visit to I
Colonel. Schwarzkoppen (the German mil
itary attache) October 23, 1597. the same
day as the interview in Mount Souris
Park, a visit during the course of which
It is known Esterhazy threatened to com
mit suicide if the German military at
tache refused to declare that he, Ester
hazy, was not the author of the borde-
General Roget—lt is not for me to say
what I think of it.: - •
M. Labori, resuming his seat, said:"
"Very good." (Loud and prolonged laugh
ter )
Colonel Fleur, retired, testified to the al
leged inaccuracies in Cordier's evidence
before the Court of Cassation. Cordier
told the witness that the dismissal of him
self and Coloned Sandherr was the be
ginning of a Jewish revenge, and added
that the Jews had influenced General de
Boisdeffre.
■Cordier also said that he had not doubt
ed the guilt of Dreyfus. The witness
dramatically added:
• '•What was my stupefaction when, later,
I heard Colonel Cordier express ideas dia
metrically opposite to those he expressed
°Proceedlng. Colonel Fleur repeated the
tattle tending to incriminate Dreyfus,
when M. Demange interrupted him, say
ing- "This is nothing but gossip."
Counsel insisted that General Roget be
recalled to explain certain inconsistencies,
but Colonel Jouaust refused to recall the
general, and he also refused the request
of General Roget to be allowed to speak.
M. Mertian de Muller, a friend of M. de
THE EMPORIUM. |
'
1-WThe Emporium will be closed
I Saturday evening. S
•t Kfl EjP"^^ /ArtO B i/Eg clown ]lf£~ '&
* parade this W w OoJdenßale Bazaar.^ «/^r?
* morning. W^iAsLtikxXzkJtoEßiaz.GMiiDEsr.s^ *
J // all-day **A~S *
» // Of>£C/AL 3 ALE3
* Friday and Saturday Only. 1
*l l^L Special Sale of Dolls. *
* ■^' 7*t''M .Wefinl that we hava several hundred Dressed Doll?, dis- ♦
Jk ?:: l'^\"'/A l continued numbers —dolls thattare marked from $1.25 to $30.00 *
A*' { -"'IZZr* '^K\ e3ch—that must be disposed of before the arrival of onr mam- 3,
* /iKM I l\\v»^ moth Christmas stock now en route from Europe. On Friday J
* ' /^/// I;jyj Y\ and Saturday, we offer these dolls at , +■
i qlll Ip One-Third Off Regular Prices. %
* MJJ^^LL^ t/11l dolls under $3.50 in price on sale in main <<
* . fii it ' aisle,: first por. Higher-priced Dolls in Toy De- J
#, Js*& partment. :" . ♦
* . *
J For Friday Only. For Frid iv Only. %
% Fine Outing High grade Pattern /g^v 2
{ Flannels, 7\c. ll^ Veils, W%s& J
Flannels, woven colorings, in piDk, blue 3QCm itf~3 3L <"
* and fancy effects, also dark .-hades, ; Silk nsiffon p . /(^^^j^^^v ♦
» suitable for Underwear or H,u; e Wrap- tern Yd a fine /^^^r?f *
» pers the genuine Amoskeag Mills p-o- sheer quaHty, dotted -^^^W J
* duction, a guarantee of their excel-jin bla^ k back and V^tL-'T?/ J-
% lence ■ vahx- 10 p-r yard, a Bpe cial white, and white k{s^^3J 5
I sale this day only 7 -*° and black _3n Bpe. 'I, |||f^^ 5
5 /. cial sale th» day J^"\,^J)j/j «
* 0n1y... 38c *
* ' While Lot Lasts. ; - %
i Sailor On ?Pecial sale to-ia?and For Friday j
I Suits, $2.65.7^,?:™- °"- .6SV *
■* plete line of >-'."- I i- 9-a '»£»«£* C *■« ♦
6 f . ™ M fT^w Em &M mS. <Gr £S> \. lj V
*■ boys new Sailor iC"^ ■# SO » ♦
?, Suifs, fine qual- /^fi^X wCStS "C. a ,D jf X
t ity, all-wool rf^-^V Egyptian Cotton '/ (W /J^\ *"
& cheviots in two /A^7j^t^\ rv Vest 3, low nee?, no '((ijf^i^r^A \ **
weights, iarge r'AM^O^Tv 7 i sleeves, R:cheiieu ' Ijl'li/Tf/ i% \ ?*l
> collars, trim- [yVf\^V n// ribbed, neatly trim- X^Ml 1 /l/\ \ 21
*; mad with six _JM}m^Xw/ m?d around neck h^\\\\\l//^ V «*
♦'■ rows of black T^fniLr^ry/ ' ani armhole, white M!mi\\\\VßV# «
* silk braid,.- i XT^/ll only-on speci.il J~^l ■'."* M\V\^ 4
J shield, embroi- . gMX I / \\ sale this day only. LDm\U\\\\\\\<7 *•"
» dered to match / \^ each... Oo ' ♦
!^,.the long and *& \r\ /^ _______^_- <"
«k full blouse,' I / 2
I newest style of . • M For Friday Only. 5
* sleeve, sizes A3 *Ul * ' "t/L"r v/"^ >
* for -3• to 10 Table Just 30;) S°°d Table Coy- ♦
* years, a regular $4 Suit for $2.65 ***—** ers, 45-inch «*
{ ■ COVerS, 39C. square in- *
side fringe, mottled pittern3, fringe all ♦
{%. . " around, just the thing for center tables, *
* For Frid IV Olllv regularly 55c each— 50 on sale to-lay *
* -^ only 390
£ Peerless *
* Freezers, $1.23. _ _ o . J
* The celebrat- ' V-. : /^br Friday OnlV ' I
f> Tne celebrat- ><i7^^c>^
» ed Perl, tj^^—^^Q _-*"^, LatUCS 'Another of «
* Ice Cream f^^^^Jtt ,ft Cfc«™ our great S
•* Freezer.guar- v otFDir J\l ' .\ >*" I &nOGS, shoe sales— i
{ ante^dto ■ .J^ML; M ■;», ««n.nt ♦
? freeze cream \M^^f\ ApD J —, ! £* \ ?250 Shoe *■
Jin 3>^' min-^^^^J K^%- \ for 1- 53 — fine black Vici *•
♦ utes, simp'e '<5 ;-jv:'" -oJj /^ is* \ Kid Button Shoes, ♦
*in construe- I/^fE2E«2JJ L \^b- \ new COm toes ' X
* tion and easy Vs=i -^ V"^i^^^\ ' P3tent leather J
* to work, regularly $1.60, cial this d-y tips, sewed *>- X
* only $1.23 V^^Jv"N ble sole "' li"nt «•
{ A "few 6-quart Ice Or-am Freezers of ■■**=—)and stylish for a<#
J various makes, re^ulany $2.50 and dress shoe, s.z^s 2% to 5^ —special this ♦
S $2.90 each, for to-day oniy $1.92 day only $3.53 +>
f**4444rf44444*44-.%44«44 14444*4444444*444444* A' x
Beaurepaire, followed. He described a
visit which he made to Emperor A\ ilharn s
palace at Potsdam, and said at one point
the guide announced that they were about
to enter the Emperor's room. At the bot
tom of the room witness noticed his Maj
esty's bed. and was admiring the can
vases on the wall when he remarked a
small table, upon which was an army list
and a newspaper, the Libre Parole, bear
ing a postage stamp. Written on the
newspaper in blue pencil, the witness as
serted, were certain words >in German re
garding the meaning of which M. de Mul-
Wv was certain. They wer.e: "Dreyfus has
b Demang^-You are quite certain you
were in the Emperor's bedroom.
De Muller-I should think so. But his
name was not written on the door.
Regarding the German word meaning
arrest, the witness, when cross-examined
could not positively say he had distinctly
read or understood it.
SITTING IS RESUMED
Colonel Dv Paty de Clam Fails to
Appear To-Day.
RENNES, Aug. 25.— At the opening of
the session of the Dreyfus court-martial
this morning a medical certificate signed
by doctors unknown here was read, de
claring that it was impossible for Colonel
dv Paty de Clam to leave his bed and
come to Rennes to testify. Labor! asked
that two well-known medical men should
be instructed to examine him but Colonel
J °Rowhlnd e "strong, the English news
paper man. then .deposed to the circum
stances in which Esterhazy confessed to
him that he wrote the bordereau.
MARKET WOMEN AID GUERIN.
Attempt to Supply the Besieged
Party With Provisions.
PARIS, Aug. 24.— This afternoon the po
lice repulsed a number of market women
who were trying to supply provisions to
Jules Guerin, the anti-Semite agitator,
and his companions, who are now in
trenched against the authorities at the
headquarters of the Anti-Semite Leag-ue
in the Rue de chabrol. At 'J o'clock this
evening a small demonstration in the Rue
Lafayette in favor of Guerin led to scuf
fles and several arrows were made. The
police are continually dispersing loiterers
In the vicinity of the Rue de Chabrol.
ITame 'back ; for : 32 years |
I CURED by DR. PIERCES BELT J
*" "^MrWri^ rTTT^^ OPHIR. Cal.. July 16. 15??. *
* icO^i Pierce Electric Co., San Francisco— Gents: <
*" -J-^' jP BB 'K>l tlT!l\-?r1 / Tmir Electric Belt cured m- of a lame back
3" =^rfV!ife^\lrr l^Sl^J j>(\ i / of 32 years' standing. I got your Belt 3 years £
i I^' Ov^WT /*-'•■- f K y «Bo and used It a short time and from that £
X- —^--\r^ A-.^- \^ i ii«\*^-'LiJrj^: Ir- time on have had no trouble of that Kind.
* Yours very truly. CERIACO ESTRADA. «
J jJESaS f^ -^^^fefg^^>ttj^^ 'V-' mr RICHARD HOLMES of Santa Monica.
■J ' A^jßiC C Ai-Ji<r7^\ Cal.. in writing js on Jun-?^ls . 'f : l- • '-^ : "Dr. <
* ~-'^/^yiS > f^* | F, .' V i^yx Pierce, your Belt proves to be A GRAND a <-><--; -fc
X ' >^^^B4«// rit^^^~ '• We have hundreds of letters like' the above |' r *
J-^ KNiL.-*-" 1 — now on file and others arriving all the time.; •£
n£ tn?!?jf ■-^\~ z -*- IJ you want a Bolt that will CURE. try. "DR. . -£
'■*~ -^'■ £s^^S^Jam /iWHKr-jjf - ' PIERCES" and .you will not be disappointed. J
: * "^^^^^X^^^iJ^-"" 1 Booklet No. 2 tells all about It. Call at -'M
*. '/p office or send- 2c in -stamps. Address . -i -^
* PIERCE ELECTRIC COMPANY, J
J 620 Market Street. Opposite Palace Hotel. San Franoisco. Cal.* ■-£
EMPORIUM.
BUREAU HAS OBTAINED
EVIDENCE FOR DREYFUS
SEATTLE, Aug. 84.— M. Lenn Bureau,
the private secretary of Maitre Labor!,
the leading counsel for Dreyfus, who has
been in Seattle visiting the French Vice
Consul, Dr. Monod, has left for Paris.
In an interview M. Bureau admitted
f^r the first time that his crip to tho
Northwest was for the purpose-^of secur
ing information of great value tQ prey-
He has obtained it and this accelerates
his desire to reach home without loss of
time. "I have been to the Great Slave
Lake in the Northwest Territory," saM
M. Bureau, "after information connecter!
with the Dreyfus case. I hope to reach
Paris in time to hand it over to Labori
before the case closes, but even if I do
not it will still be of value. I am unable
to state th.< exact nature of the informa
tion I obtained, for you know we mun
guard against every contingency in tho
case, future as well as present.
"The impression that there was a con
spiracy among the high army officers
against Dreyfus prior to the time he was
condemned is not in conformity with our
belief and contention. It is true that th-j
proceedings by which he was degraded
were illegal, but wo do not think that an\
deep-dyed conspiracy has been hatched
against him. It was a case of an inno
cent man being prosecuted while the real
criminal was in the background."
» ♦ .
An interesting place to visit, Gump's Xew
Art Rooms, 113 Geary st. •
EXCLUSION IS TEMPORARY.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 24.— The State De
partment does not apprehend that any
international complications will arise from
General Otis' action in excluding Chinese
from the Philippines, as this is said tn be
only a temporary military expedient, leav
ing the general question to be determined
by Congress.
Moreover, it seems that the. exclusion
comes about through the adoption of
the military regulations, following
line of the United States laws and
not by the detailed enforcement of
the United States statutes relating to
Chinese exclusion. "\Vhile the same end
attained, yet the distinction is. made thnt
Congress is the only body which can ap
ply a L'nited States law to the Philippines,
although the military authorities ' may
adopt temporary steps conforming to
these laws.
56
33j t <a££l*Cl »U
Friday: ........... •. • . • AUGUST 25. 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A!! Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 16 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL, (incrtding Sunday Call), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 montha 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 3 months — 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ." «*«c
SUNDAY CALL ">nc Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year , 1 - iHi
All postmasters are authorized to pecelv subscription!.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS,
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Bultdtnft,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald 6quar«
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERRY LI'KLNS JR 29 Tribune Bulldlnft
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Pherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotels
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Br'-r.tano, 21 Union B<juapej
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.I OFFICE...' Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montflom«ry street, corner Clay
open untii 9:20 c'cio:*. 200 yes street. ODen until
S:3O o'clock- 639 McAllister street open until 9:30
c"clock- -",5 LarKin street, open until 9:30 o'clock
;S4l Mission street, open uijttl 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 2518
Mission street, open "until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh*
itrcet, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "A Baclieioi-s Honeymoon. •"
Columbia— "A Southern Geatlercan."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tivij'.i— '•Cava'.ltria Rastlcan*." and "ITagliacci."
Alcazar "Komeo and Juliet."
Grand Op^ra-house — •"Clo\er."
Chutes, Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
»nd evening.
Olympia. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Eutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Battie of Manila— Market street, near Eighth.
Alhaxnbra Theater— Benefit to John '.'. . Slade. Saturday
evening. September 2.
California State Fair. Sacramento— September 4 to 16.
- <^^^^^> - EEEEE
WELCOME FOR THE BRAVE.
ONCE more we express the voice ol the people
r:iia in a welcome to our victorious
teers. Yesterday, with the rinest marine
witnessed on the Pacific Coast, they were
• transport steamed up the
bay. This morning, with the cheering of a proud
i.nd rejoicing people, they will be welcomed as they
h through the streets.
The Governor would not ordain a single public
holiday for the reception of the heroes, but the people
know how to make holidays for themselves. How
much business was done in San Francisco yester
ilow much will be done to-day? The Gov
ern'>r's pettiness will have no other effect than that of
confusing the business of two days, and of keeping a
large number of working men and women at their
where they had little or nothing to do because
all the patrons of trade had gone to welcome the vol
::e great throngs who line the streets and give
their heart's voice in a roar of cheering, rolling in
unbroken volume from the ferry depot to Van Ness
avenue, the Governor's littleness will be of no mo
• They will have ordained a holiday by the
of the popular will, and it will be one of the
: | ius in our annals.
It is not worth while to urge anew that the wel
come of the volunteers be accompanied by every
manifestation of public rejoicing. The people can
be counted on to look out for that. The elaborate
decorations of the streets along the line of march will
render that part of the city only a little more brilliant
and adorned than other portions. All over town
banners are living, and "Welcome" meets the eye on
every side
rtlay The Call blazoned upon the first page of
its souvenir edition, "California's Glory Is Her Vic
torious Returning Sons." It is in that sentiment the
I-eople will receive them to-day. The heroic volun-
Kcr^ have attested to the world the valor and the loy
alty of Californians in war. and it is now for those
who have remained at home to attest the admiration
and the love with which the valiant and the loyal are
regarded by their fel!ow-citi?ens.
According to the press dispatches Emperor Wil
liam, in refusing to allow the captain of the Meteor
to sail Sir Thomas Lipton'a yacht against the Co
lumbia, assigned no reason. That is the beauty of
majesty — you don't have to assign reasons.
Though the municipal conventions have been al
most lost to sight in the excitement of the reception,
i: i^ to be hoped they will do nothing that will prove
near to t'ne people in the end.
OUR SOUVENIR EDITION.
WITH more than ordinary satisfaction The Call
directs attention this morning to the superb
souvenir edition published yesterdiy in honor
of the arrival of the volunteers. It is unquestionably
the most artistic specimen of newspaper work on a
large scale ever produced on the Pacific Coast, and
lias had no superior anywhere.
In preparing the souvenir designed to recount and
to illustrate the deeds of our heroes in the Philip
pines The Call determined to achieve a supplement
which would need no resort to gaudy colors to render
it attractive. Each picture is the work of a true art
ist, and the mechanical reproduction is faultless.
(Jreat care was taken with the portraits of the officers
; t nd of the brave men who died in the service, and in
each case a good picture and a true likeness is given.
The literary features of the number are not inferior
to the illustrations. It constitutes a compendium of
the regiment and its service during the war. A com
plete roster of the regiment and of the two batteries,
Battery A from this city and Battery D from Los
Angeles, are given, as is also a complete list of those
who fell in battle or died in hospitals. The story of
the principal events connected with the service of the
regiment is told with graphic fidelity, and the num
ber as a whole will be accounted an important con
tribution to the record of the war with Spain and the
military history of California.
It is worth noting in this connection that the pub
lication of the souvenir was on time, notwithstanding
the fact of the arrival of the transport a day sooner
than was expected. The Call not. only does the right
thing in the right way, but does it at the right time.
IMPERIALISM NOT INDORSED.
THE three-ringed circus in politics which Mr.
Bryan is running has so occupied the amuse- ,
ment-loving public that due attention has not j
| been paid to the exceeding conservatism of the Re- j
j pubiican party on the issue of imperialism. Notwith- j
I standing the somewhat frenzied utterances of Gov- j
j ernor Roosevelt, who has gone in with all the youth
ful enthusiasm of a freshman at a college rush, or the
| unthinking muscular zeal of an amateur at football,
j the Republicans have shown great calmness and self- i
I control. The three leading State conventions of the
i party already held, in Kentucky, Ohio and lowa, have
1 emitted entirely any indorsement of expansion and
' imperialism. They ail indorse any effort to establish
civil stability in Porto Rico, Cuba and the Philippines,
but there they stop. This position is entirely conser
vative, and is, in effect, an attitude of waiting for the
I action of Congress, which must at the next session ,
! declare a policy on which the party will go into next ;
j j ear's campaign. It is fortunate, because no member i
i of Congress can plead imperial pressure from his party '
!at home. The members will meet in an impartial
I mind to do their American duty and so solve the
' i?sue as not to impair our institutions and tarnish the
true fame of the republic. One thing is significant in
conventions— the name of Lincoln was invoked
and conjured with to an extent unknown in recent j
. years. This is a good indication. When a party is
willing to sit quietly down with the memory and his- I
tory of its founders and fathers, it is in a mood to rv
new its natal inspirations and strive for the heights
on which its builders stood.
Just now Republican leaders can do their party and
their country no better service than by studying and
the profoundly patriotic and philo
lical view? of Lincoln and his exegesis of the prin
ciples of our government It is a wonderful testimony
resight of the founders of the party that
its first platform, in every expression of principle,
' might serve to-day as a statement upon which to go
I into a campaign in defense of the institutions in whose
: rescue from destruction and forgetfulness it was !
framed.
As the party now and next year gets nearer to the
cradle in which its mewling infancy so suddenly grew
to manly strength, its chances for another lease of
popular confidence improve.
Our word goes to it.s representatives throughout the
Union to stand by its primordial principles and refuse
Ito accept greed as its motive, though it may be
j wrapped in the flag and consecrated by the spume of
: pseudo patriots.
The rights of man. government by consent of the
j governed, the equality of all before the law. were the
high legend written uponthebattle standard of Lincoln
Republicanism. Let that legend shine out like the stars
and the nation will turn to it, away from all the coun- ■■
; tcrfeit enthusiasm and forged pretense of the crowd of
' grub-hunters and small tinkers who have no use for
the party unless it can stuff their bellies or their ;
■ purses.
When Dr. Cohn, quarantine officer of the State
Board of Health, was refused permission to board j
the steamer Doric he took the names of the Federal
inspectors who barred his passage. The doctor j
should be careful. Had there been some fearful dis
ease aboard he might have taken that.
Tom Reed has a right of course to attend to pri- I
vate business for the next few years, or for the rest '
of his life, if he choose; but all the same his retire- j
ment from Congress will be very much like taking ;
! Hamlet out of the play and leaving the stage to the
ghost and the supes.
It is said there was not a single professional poli
tician in the convention that nominated the anti-
Goebel Democratic ticket in Kentucky, and if it be =o
it is safe to say the revolt is truly that of the better
element of the party.
THE REPUBLICAN CONVENTION.
r~^ HAIRMAX KELLOGG, in his address to the.
( Republican municipal convention on Wedncs-
day, clearly set forth the nature of the issues
before the people in the campaign, and the respon
sibilities which rest upon Republicans in confronting
them.
"In November," as the chairman said, "there will
be held the most important municipal election which
has ever taken place in this imperial city of San Fran
cisco." Government under the new charter corre
sponds in point of time with the opening of a new
era in politics by the operation of a primary law
which has at one sweep cleared the city of the domi
nation of ward bosses, and a new era in municipal
development caused by the double effect of commer
cial expansion and the increased interest of progres
sive citizens in public affairs.
To meet this issue fairly and to assure Republican
success at the polls the chairman said: "We must
nominate this year a good ticket throughout. We
have no right to .expect any weakness in our oppo
nents. They/ have a representative convention and
will doubtless nominate respectable candidates." The
wisdom expressed in the words is doubtless fully ap
preciated by the delegates to the convention. This
is not to be a "yellow dog year" by any means. The
party that wins in the election will do so by the
merit of its platform and the personal worth of its
candidates.
The chairman laid due stress upon the importance
of nominating able and public-spirited men for the
office of Supervisor, as well as naming a leader of
sterling worth for the mayoralty. On that point his
words are impressive: "There should be no higher
honor than membership in a body which shapes the
course of a large and rapidly growing city of the
United States. The citizen of London is almost as
proud of a seat in his County Council as in the House
of Commons, and scores of other European cities are
celebrated for the business-like administration of their
municipal affairs. Let us avail ourselves of our op
portunity and make our Board of Supervisors worthy
of the city in which we live, and worthy of the repub
lican institutions, which, in spite of many disappoint
ments, we yet know to be the best on earth."
From the applause with which all snlient points of
the address were greeted it is evident the convention
is in full harmony with the aspirations expressed by
the chairman. The spirit that animates the delegates
is one of civic patriotism and of loyalty to the high
est ideals of Republicanism. It remains to be seen
how far they will be able to accomplish that which
they design. In order that they may do so it will be
necessary for business men to be willing to under
take the severe duties of municipal offices. If men
whom the party would delight to honor decline to
become candidates, of course the convention will be
compelled to have recourse to men of less leadership
and eminence in the community, and no one will be
to blame save the men who have shirked their po
litical duty to the city.
Fortunately, there is no reason visible at the pres
ent outlook for fearing the result. The better class
of citizens are now awake to the importance of the
issues of the time and have shown at the primaries a
THE SA:N TEAK CISCO CALL, ITJDAY, AI'UIST 25, 1899.
willingness to attend to politics as well as to business..
The prospects are therefore good, and we may con
fidently expect of the convention a ticket and a
county committee which will merit and have the sup
port not only of all good Republicans but of inde
pendent voters.
We note that one of the enterprising (?) evening
journals sent four of its reportorial staff out to the
transport on a "fleet-footed" tug. This is evidently
a new departure in tug-building.
Yesterday the people on land shouted welcome for
the boys in the transport, and to-day the people in
transport will shout for the boys on land.
THE WIRELESS TELEGRAPH AND
THE SIREN.
YESTERDAY the people of San Francisco had
a striking illustration of the difference between
the swift, silent, scientific methods of legiti
mate journalism and the noisy and discordant pre
tensions of yellow journalism. In obtaining by wire
less telegraphy the first report of the arrival of the
Sherman oft the Golden Gate The Call showed the
people how enterprising journalism profits by every
advance in science* to increase its facilities as a gath
erer and disseminator of news; while in the screech
of its siren the Examiner showed how a faker in
journalism brings mechanism to aid its howling over
discomfiture.
The Call of course does not claim to have been the
first to make use of wireless telegraphy. The system
has been operated off the coast of England during the
past summer, and similar experiments more or less
successful have been made in many parts of Europe
and in the Eastern States. The merit of the feat of
The Call lies in the fact that it was the first use of
wireless telegraphy in practical journalism; the first
time the new marvel of science has enabled enter
prise to accomplish a scoop over slow-going con
temporaries.
The result was not attained without much work in
the way of preliminary experimenting. For six weeks
expert electricians in the service of The Call were
planning, testing and working patiently to devise a
wireless telegraph system that could be relied on
when the emergency called for its use. In the mean
time yellow journalism was polishing up an old
second-hand siren and putting new screech pipes
into the throttle of it.
At last the great day came. Through a thick haze
upon the sea the Sherman, with California's heroes
aboard, loomed upon the sight of the watchers, and
instantly the wireless message of glad tidings was
flashed to the Cliff House, and then to The Call
office, and from there given to a rejoicing city. The
system had proven to be of practical value to live
journalism, and it was a happy coincidence that en
abled its first service to be that of announcing the ar
rival of the California Volunteers home from the
war.
In this contrast between the wireless telegraph and
the siren the public has an epitome of all the thou
sand contrasts between the journalism of enterprise
and the journalism of fakes. The one gathers news,
learns from science how to accomplish new marvels
of success and applies the learning promptly to the
exigencies of the day; while the other fakes some
thing that ■will make a noise out of old junk
shops and attracts attention to itself by making more
racket than a pig under a gate.
With the passing of the holiday the screeching of
the Examiner's siren will cease for a time at least,
but the wireless telegraphy of The Call will go on *o
still greater accomplishments, for the noise of fakers
is but for a day, while the enterprises of science are
for all time.
Bryan's opponents in the Democratic party may
figure out in back rooms how to beat him, but when
it comes before an open convention they are not in
evidence, and he has everything his own way.
Even the jingoes will admit it is better to have our
heroes at home than to have them across the ocean
holding down the Filipinos.
THE CRISIS IN SAMSAH BASIN.
I » ROM all parts of the Orient come reports oi
i strife and strikes and disturbances because the
* ancient and orderly ways of the people are bein^
disturbed by the introduction of the machinery of our
Western civilization. The jinrikisha men are in re
volt in Japan against electric cars, the punkah workers
in India are bewailing the introduction of the electric
fan, and in China the coolies are protesting against
the opening of a new port in Samsah basin, north of
Foochow, because it will enable ships to receive at
that port a large quantity of freight now carried over
land.
According to the Hongkong Press the coolies em
ployed in carrying the products of the Samsah dis
trict to Foochow number, many thousands, and when
the port was virtually opened by the arrival of the
first steamer they feared their occupation would he
gone, and in the old approved way went in for more
or less violent obstruction. On her first trip the
steamer came back empty and reported that coolies
could not be obtained to put the tea on board. Later
on Mr. Commissioner Tanner visited the port, and
on her next trip the steamer brought back cargo, and
everything appeared to be going on all right. Yester
day an "express" was sent out which stated.
"Dispatches for the steamship Hailan is to be post
poned until further notice. Kwong Shun Tsiang
Company, CtlU Ting, agent." Further inquiry elicited
the reply, "Have makee loosum too muchee. How
can 5 "
So for the time being the port of Santu, in the
Samsah basin, is closed. Electric fans wave in the
palaces of Indian Rajahs and electric cars carry pas
sengers through romantic Japan, but in China the
coolie for a time holds his own. much to the regret
not only of the European business men of that sec
tion, but of the pleasure-lovers, for the Hongkong
Press says sadly: "The Samsah basin is described as
being a miniature inland Sea of Japan, and residents
here were looking forward to a nice little steamer
trip with shooting and fishing thrown in."
Senator Tillman's statement that Boston is the cen
ter of all devilment and is the cause of all the strife
between whites and blacks in South Carolina is not
true to the facts, but it is true to his reputation.
A. sad report comes from the East that one of the
notable features of the camp-meetings in that section
this summer has been the number of counterfeit half
dollars found in the contribution boxes. .
Croker's declaration that Bryan is a great states
man may not have much effect on national politics,
but the next time Tammany gives a $10 banquet the
Platte River orator will be there.
If the "Half-Million Club" can*be revived in time
it could make a ten-strike now and close up its
career brilliantly by taking a census of the city be
fore Saturday night.
CANNON THAT GUARD AGAINST TORNADOES
GUNS IN POSITION TO SHOOT CYCLONES.
A WESTERN man has devised the tornado guard, shown in the Illustration,
which he asserts Is full protection against such unwelcome visitors. It
consists of a wooden framework, covered with strips of copper and lightning
rods. Insulated wires are run to the cannon placed in front of the guard,
and they are discharged by means of electric sparks conveyed by lightning ar
resters. The discharge of the cannon stops the whirling motion and robs a
straight wind of its destructive force.
Lafcadio Hearn's Feat.
"Twenty years ago I.afeadio Hearn was
a reporter "on the staff of a Cincinnati
newspaper which I was directing. He
came from— no man knew where. He was
a tiny follow physically, and as myopic
as a bat. He knew nothing about news,
but he could write a 'story' that was as
polished and as full of color as if it had
come from the pen of Gautier himself.
Despite his physique, he was as coura
geous as a lion, and there was no as
signment of peril that he would not bid
for avidly. I remember that one day a
famous steeple climber was going to
scale the spire of the cathedral to repair
the cross that topped the spire 200 feet
above the sidewalk. It was a feat that
all other steeple climbers had balked at,
but this fellow was the master of his
trade and accepted the contract. The
afternoon he first scaled the spire thou
sands of people watched him breathlessly
as he slowly made his way up the out
side of the "steeple, fixing his ropes and
f.'uiholds as he went. Of course, he was
in. rvlewed, and he said boastingly that
the task was bo easy that he could just
as well carry a man up on his back. That
noon Hearn came to me and said timidly
that he had read of the steeple climber's
offer, and he would be glad to ascend
the spire on his back. I was amazed, and
tried to point out to Hearn the peril of
the thing. He would not listen. Finally,
my desire to -get a "good story' overcame
my scruples, and I told Hearn I'd ar
range the matter with the steeple
climber. I thought the latter was mak
ing a huge bluff f'>r business and adver
tising ends, but I was mistaken. He was
as zealous as Hearn. Well, 1 brought the
two together. They arranged their end
of the feat, and I washed my hands of
further responsibility for either the stee
ple climbers or Hearn's safety.
"At the appointed time Hearn mounted
the steeple climber's shoulders, and the
dizzy journey began. Tens of thousands
of people watched the foolhardy pair. At
last the cross was reached, and Hearn
Uft his p«reh on the climber's shoulders.
The steeple .lark swarmed up the cross
and stood on his head on the apex of it.
The mob in the streets below cheered the
daring fellow, but he was so high up in
the air that the cheers were Inaudible.
The two men returned to the ground
safely. Hearn came back to the office and
sat down and wrote two columns of a
Btory describing his sensations, and the
glories of the view he had obtained from
the steeple top. It was literature, this
Btory, and it is regrettable that it has
been lost in the obscurity of a forgotten
newspaper. Such a glowing description
of a i-ity seen from a great heignt I never
;• ad before or sinco. The most interesting
thing about it to me was the fact that
Hearn couldn't see five feet beyond the
tip "f his nose, so myopic was he."— The
Verdict.
Shall We Keep the Philippines?
VisaJia Times.
The Snn Francisco Call is interviewing
the soldiers who are now arriving from
the Philippines and their testimony will
be hard to overcome by the imperialists
who are holding up the vast profits to
i be made by the alleged trade we are to
I have with that country when we whip the
insurgents into a nroper regard for our
< particular brand of foreign libei cy.
It is asserted that white men cannot
■ labor In the Philippines and that the
■ work is nearly all done by Chinese coolies.
The land is owned by the church and
there is no opportunity to get hold of it
at a prire that will make it an object to
American Investors. The Idea of this
country making money trading with a
people who are able to earn only about
K. cents a day is absurd, and something
else will have to be found to make the
p. <'Ple here contented to pay the enor
mous war taxes.
Yellow Journal Headquarters.
One of the bravest, as well as one of the
wittiest things that has been done lately,
was the reply of the Rev. Dr. Newman
Smyth of New Haven, when the represen
tative of one of the worst of modern
newspapers asked him for "a bright, terse
Interview about hell," for Its Sunday edi
tion. Dr. Smyth very kindly complied
with the request; his article was as fol
lows: "Hell, in my opinion. Is the place
where the Sunday edition of your paper
should be published and circulated."—
News-Letter
Wit but Not Tact.
A story comes from Oklahoma which
shows that a clergyman may have a
pretty wit and yet be a little lacking in
tact. In the course of his sermon the
Rev. Mr. Newby, new pastor of the
Christian church at Guthrie, interjected
the question, "How many of you have
read the Bible?" Fifty hands went up.
"Good!" said the preacher. "Now, how
many of you have read the second chap
ter of Jude?" Twenty-five hands were
AN EXPENSIVE DISEASE.
Dr. Phil Graves-My patient is Buffering from acute appendicitis. Oh, by the
way. is he Billions, the millionaire?
Dr. TVoodbury Mann— Why, he hasn't got any money at all.
Dr. Phil Graves-Pshaw: I have made a mistake in my diagnosis. He's only
sat a. "'■ '" In l.:- Btamaeiv.
raised. A wan smile overspread the min
ister's face. "That's good; but when you
go home read that chapter again, and you
will doubtless learn something to your
interest." Of course, they found that
there is no second chapter of Jude, and,
of course, no matter how they may at
tempt to laugh it off. the victims of the
clerical pleasantry are not likely to love
their pastor any the more because of the
"rise" he took out of them at that time. —
Boston Transcript. . . ; . ■
« ♦ ■
"THE COLL" PRIZE
GUESSING CONTEST
The winner of the prize guessing
contest as to the exact day, hour,
minute and second when the trans
port Sherman would be sighted will
be announced in next Sunday's Call.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Joseph R. Ryland. the San Jos© banker,
is at the Occidental.
Oscar J. Smith of Reno, Nev., Is reg
istered at the Palace.
J. B. Lankershin of Los Angeles Is a
late arrival at the Palace.
F. G. Yan.cy, a mining man from New
man, is a guest at the Lick-
George Myers, a prominent tobacconist
of Fresno, is a guest of the Lick.
H. Cornforth, a leading attorney of ■
Marysville, is staying at the Lick.
Under Sheriff J. L. Johnson of Uklah
arrived at the Russ House last night.
U. S. Commissioner of Immigration H.
H. North left for the East yesterday.
George E. Goodman, a prominent bank
er of Napa, is registered at the Palace.
Mark McDonald, a leading merchant of
Grayson, is registered at the Occidental.
J. P. Abbott, a well-known lawyer of i
Antioch, is registered at the Lick House. :
"W. T. Knox Jr., a prominent lumberman
of Sacramento, is registered at the Grand. j
G. C. Turner, the chief engineer of the
Stockton water works, is staying at the
Grand.
R. G. Morrison, a capitalist of Bakers
field, was an arrival yesterday at the Cal
ifornia,
C. M. Cole, a wealthy farmer end stock
raiser of Fresno, is registered at the Russ
House.
L. R. Spltzer of San Jose, Assessor of
Santa Clara County, is registered at the
Palace.
Barney Murphy, the wealthy banker of
San Jose, is staying at the Palace with
his family.
C. E. Downs, the mine owner and capi
talist of Sutter Creek, Is an arrival at the
Occidental.
J. A. Forshay, County Superintendent
of Schools of Los Angeles, was an arrival
at the Lick yesterday.
Judge J. K. Moore and Judge J. M.
Miller, both of* Los Angeles, are spend
ing a few days in this city.
Thomas J. Kirk. State' Superintendent
of Public Instruction, is registered with
his family at. the California.
Judge and Mrs. J. A. Miner of Salt Lake
City are the guests of the Occidental.
They are accompanied by their daughter.
Mayor Fred Eaton of Los Angeles regis
tered at the Palace last night. Mr. Eaton
was accompanied by his wife and daugh
ter.
T. Jones, one of the leading mining: men
of Siskiyou County, arrived in the "city
last night and registered at the Russ
House.
George "W. Pierce, Assemblyman from
Yolo. left on the overland for his home at
Davisville last night. He has been stay
ing at the Palace.
Walter Maxwell, a prominent politician
and business man of Los Angeles. is
spending a few days In this city. He is
staying at the Palace.
B. Cusick, the superintendent of the
Sierra Mill and Lumber Company, is
down from Chico for a few days. He Is
the guest of the Grand.
E. P. Rlpley, president of the Santa Fe
system, left for the East last Wednesday
night, having concluded his survey of
the road and its necessities on this coast.
He was accompanied by W. E. Hodfces,
general purchasing agent of the Santa Ft
Railroad Company.
Dick Beamer, the well-known politician
and member of the State Board of Equal
ization, was about the corridors of me
Lick yesterday evening.
Commander Charles A. Adams of the
Mare Island navy yard is staying at the
Occidental during the festivities attend
ing the home coming of the soldiers.
L. P. St. Clair. the manager of the
Bakersfield Gas and Electric Company,
arrived in this city yesterday, to be pres
ent at the welcoming of the soldiers.
Joseph Scott, a prominent cattleman of
Montana, is registered at the California.
Mr. Scott is making his usual trip to this
State in the interest of his largo business.
State Controller Colgan, T. O. Toland,
member of the State Board of Equaliza
tion, and Postmaster Fox are down from
Sacramento to assist in welcoming the
returning veterans.
A. K. Whittier of Pan Jose is an arrival
at the California. Mr. Whittier was re
cently appointed colonel of the Fifth
Regiment and is in town to witness the
reception to the First Regiment.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NAVY YARD MESSENGERS— A. S.,
City. The duties of a messenger at th»
navy yard are similar to those performed
by a janitor. The pay varies from $1 86
to $2 per day. __
PANTRYMAN' — Transport, Alameda,
Cal. There is no such position in the
transports of the United States as "pan
tryman" or "dishwasher." There are mess
attendants, whose pay is $16 per month.
THE NAVY— Recruit*, Olinda, Cal.
There is no recruiting office for the navy
in San Francisco. Applications to enter
the United States navy in California must
be presented at Mare Island.
NO RUN— A. N., Point Reyes, Cal. If
in a play at cribbage A plays a deuce, B
an ace A a tray, A is entitled to a run
of three: if B follows with an ace he can
not claim a run of four, as there is an In
tervening card.
UNRULY BOY— L. M. D., City. If you
have a boy who is unruly and beyond
control consult the officers of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children,
and they will be able to advise you as to
what course you should follow.
PIPER AND CLAYTON-M. S., City.
At the election held November 5, 1872,
Charles Clayton and W. A. Piper were
candidates for Representatives to Con
gress from the First District of Califor
nia. The vote for Clayton was 11,938 and
for Piper 10,882.
TEMBLOR— G. S., City. Temblor, fre
quently used in the newspapers printed
in the" English language, is not an En
glish word, which accounts for your in
ability to find it in ancient or modern dic
tionaries. It is Spanish and is used in
the sense that trembling is. ' Temblor
de tierra" is the Spanish for earthquake.
CANADA— J. T. L., Oakland, Cal. The
Government of Great Britain does not
receive any revenue from the Dominion of
Canada. The Dominion pays its Governor
General and the salaries of all other of
ficers. It also provides for military and
naval defense. Canada is a colony of
Great Britain the same as Australia.
WHY NOT A LEAP YEAR— E. W. 8.,
Oity. The following explains why the
year 1900 will not be a leap year: If a
year were exactly 365 V* days long there
would be a leap year every four years,
but as there is an excess of 11 minutes
10 3 seconds each year this excess is com
pensated for by dropping the leap year at
the beginning of three out of four centu
ries thus equalizing the time gained
through the century. The length of time
thus established makes an error of only
one day in 3325 years. Of the years con
cluding the centuries, and known as the
hundredth year, such as 1800, 1900, on.y
every fourth year is^.a leap year, com
mencing with 20<jO, or such as are devis
able d/ 400-that is to say. 2000, 2400, 2SOO
and so on.
THE PONY EXPRESS— Subscriber,
City. The Pony Express was estab
lished in April. I*6o. It was part of a
mail line between San Francisco and
New York, by way of Sacramento, Cal.,
and St. Joseph. Mo. Betwe.-n these two
pli s the distance was traveled by fleet
horsemen, each of whom rode sixty miles.
The weight carried was not to exceed
ten pounds, end the charge was $<"> gold
tor letters nor exceeding ono-quarter of
an ounce in weight The time between
San Francisco and New York waa four
teen days. The express was in operation
about two years, going cut of existence
when the overland telegraph was com
pleted.
PATENT LEATHER— Subscriber. City.
There is nothing that will prevent patent
leather shoes from cracking, but by care
exercised with the shoes the cracking may
be reduced to a minimum. That is when
the shoes are removed at night they are
warm and the leather is soft. During the
nijrht the warmth is dispelled and the
leather becomes stiffer than it was the
night before. If the wearer will place the
shoes where they can become warmed
before putting them on the chances of
cracking will not be so great. The follow
ing is given as a polish for patent leather:
Take one-quarter of a pound of molasses
or sugar, half an ounce of gum arable
and <>ne pound of ivory black, which boil
well together. Then let the vessel stand
until the contents are cooled and settled,
after which bottle off. This is an excel
lent reviver and may be used as a black
ing in the ordinary way, no brushes for
polishing being required.
CONSULS— Constant Reader, Pleasan
ton, Cal. The United States Consuls in
Germany are: Frank M. Brundage, Aix
la-Chapelle; John F. Winter, Annabergr;
G. Obendorf, Augsburg; Louis Stern.
Bamberg; Max Bouschein, Barmen;
Frank H. Mason, Berlin; Louis Lange Jr.,
Bremen; Talbot J. Albert. Brunswick;
Uustave C. Kothe. Cassel; James C.
Mnnaghan, Chemnitz; Oliver J. D.
Hughes. Coburg; John A. Barnes, Col
ogne; Philip Albreeht. Dantzic; Charles
L. Cole, Dresden; Richard Guenther,
Frankfort-on-the-Main; Charles Never,
Gera; George Pawter, Glauschau; Hugh
Pltcalrn, Hamburg; William K. Ander
son, Hanover; B. H. Warner Jr.. Leipsic:
Henry W. Deidrioh, Magdeburg: Walter
Shuman, Minnz: William J. Hoffman.
Manbelm; Oscar Malmros, Markneukir
ch«n; Otorgl »;. Plerie, Munich; Leopold
Blum. Neustadt; G. C. E. Weber, Nurem
berg. T. \V. IVters, Plauen; E. Z. Brow
(1. ski. iSolingen; V. E. Joy, Sonnenberg;
John K. Keh!. Stettin: E. H. Ozmun,
Stuttgart; William K. Herzog, Zittau.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW -YORK.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— George Uhl, San
Francisco, at the Gilsey; D. L. Creamer,
San Francisco, at the Cosmopolitan; E. I*
Allen, San Francisco, at the Empire.
• ♦ .
Best eyeglasses. 10c to 40c, 81 Fourth »t ,
nr. 5c barber. (Also Sundays till noon.) •
Treat your friends to Townsend's Call
fornia glace fruits, 50c per lb, in fire
etched boxes. 627 Market, Palace Hotel •
■ ♦ ■ __
Special Information supplied dally to
buflinfcßs houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's^, 510 Moai
goxutry street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce on the ground of failure
to provide have been tiled by Susanna
Reilly against John J. Reilly; Louisa
Mehnert against Ernest Mehnert and
Freda Ricks against James W. Ricks
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by milUons of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*,
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and la the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. I3e sure and aak for lira.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle.
Very Low Bates East.
On August 29 and 30, the popular Santo ?•
route will sell tickets to Philadelphia and re
turn at the very low rate of »8S 85. Occa
sion, National Encampment, Q. A. R. Call at
62S Market st. for full particulars.
HOTEL. DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of th<> round trop tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, »2 BO per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery strset, San Frtnclico.GREAT BRITAIN HURRYING
TROOPS TO SOUTH AFRICA
Two Transports Sail From England With Soldiers
Germans in Johannesburg Offer to Serve in the Ranks of the
Boers in the Event That the Present Trouble Leads
to a Declaration of War,
RENDEZVOUS ON THE TRANSVAAL BORDER.
The assembly place of the Mafeking Mounted Rifles, from which a rart of the Jameson raiders started in !596.
SOUTHAMPTON, Eng., Aug. 24. — The British steamer Anmdd Castle sailed from this
port to-day with thirty officers and 770 men of various regiments, bound for Cape Town.
GIBRALTAR. Aug. 24. — The Manchester regiment, numbering 1000 men, has sailed
for Cape Town.
DURBAN. Natal, Aug. 24. — The men belonging to the British first class reserve residing
themselves in readiness to immediately join their regiments.
JOHANNESBURG, Aug. 24. — At a meeting here of 200 Germans a committee was ap
ted 1 -- • the Transvaal Government the willingness of the Germans to volunteer for
ut requesting that they be enrolled in a separate corps on account of the
- endure I c Germans in the Magato campaign.
C. I\VN. Aug. 24. — The Delagoa Bay incident, coupled with the recent transit of a
lirected the attention of the British officials to the immense ac
- of war munitions in the South African Republic and the Transvaal.
5, eing debarred from carrying arms, the supply of weapons, as shown in
es (Delagoa Bay) returns for three years, is greatly in excess of the burghers' re
ts, and c ntly there is a growing feeling among the British community in South
ment of the existing crisis will insure lasting peace unless it includes a provi
the reduction of armaments.
L< >ND< )N, Aug. 2:. — The Cape Town correspondent of the Daily Mail says: Despite the
-aterial in Delagoa Bay. the Cape Government is sending large consign
ment >of munitions of war to Bloemfontein. During the present month over 2,000.000 cartridges
sent, and 500 rities were dispatched last night from Port Elizabeth to Bloemfontein.
In addition to this the Cape Ministry, while absolutely declining to arm the volunteers of
!iy. continues to afford other facilities to the Orange Free State to arm its burghers, just
ss the border, freely granting the use of the colonial railways for the distribution of cartridges
from the Bloemfontein arsenal to the border towns.
The patience of the people is becoming exhausted, and unless the imperial Government acts
quickly and decisively the gravest damage may ensue to British prestige.
MONTHS OF
WAR WITH NO
DIRECT CAIN
Campaign in the Philippines
to Date Has Been
Ineffective.
END IS NOTIN SIGHT
Now Apparent That the Tagals May
Hold Out Indefinitely Against
Present Tactics.
Special Correspondence of the Associated Press.
♦ ♦♦-♦■♦-♦-♦♦♦♦-*■-♦-"♦■-♦'♦-♦■♦■♦■
♦ ♦
-*■ MANILA, July 22. 1899. ♦
IN Manila talk of ending the war ♦
deals no longer with weeks but ♦
months and even years. Whether -♦■
the end comes after a few months ♦
+ or after two or three years depends ♦
■♦- upon whether the same Sort of tac- ♦
+ tics which dragged through five ♦
♦ months and resulted in the con- ♦
♦ quest of three square Inches on the ♦
■♦• two-foot map of Luzon, be contln- ■♦■
♦ Ed or methods of striking the en- ♦
-♦■ emy fast and repeatedly and hold- ♦
.+ Ing the country gained be substi- ■♦■
> tuted. Among the mass of people ♦
-♦- here, military men and foreign res- +
-♦• ldents, there is but one opinion. ♦
+ +. + + +♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦
The -whole effort of the insurgents for
three months was to hold off the Ameri
cans until their ally, the rains, arrived.
In this they have been as successful as
they could have hoped. Unless affairs
tike some unforeseen turn the Filipinos
will resume the war this fall with fresh
spirit and a replenished stock of arms
and ammunition. One shipload of arms,
it is learned on good authority, has
reached them within the past week. Of
money the leaders of the insurrection
have no lack. They control the resources
cf a large and exceedingly rich country,
and even though no crops were harvested ■
for several years they could still obtain
enough cash and supplies by impressing
to their use the treasures of the church,
the storehouses of farmers and manufao- i
Ordered to the Front*
» turers and the funds of private individ- I
, uals. a system of levy which they have
! long enforced with considerable success,
i All the ships coming .tnd going in the
ports recently opened to trade pay heavy
tribute to the insurrection. Much of the
profits of this informal sort of govern
ment are supp'->3^d to go into the pockets
of the leaders excepting Agruinaldo, who
is generally acquitted of enriching himself
by the present war: but wh^n tne public
treasury becomes empty the pollt
who are exploiting Aguinaldo may. if they
see a possibility of success, consider the
war a good privp.te investment.
Reports brought through the lines to
trds and Filipinos in this cfty are
that the spirits of the Insurrectionists are
improving. Americans. lik*- the Span
iards, must defer to nature and rest on
their arms most of the time while the
: country is a mud wallow. The generals
are telling their followers that American
Inaction during the past month is due
to discouragement and demoralization. .
: The Filipino soldiers, according to these
; Informants, are tolerably I. Al
though the paymaster seldom appears .
i they ar° living as comfortably as they
', have been accustomed to. being clothed
' and receiving ration*, which an Ameri-
I can or European army could not live on,
. biefly rice with only occasionally a little
fish or meat. They are fairly w • I
having taken possession of the dwellings
and public and church buildings in the
towns apon which t . and ■
they add to their living by looting.
Through the American secret service
' come different stories— that the Filipino
' army is -becoming decimated by daily de
ns to the unmbi'r of twenty or thir
ty and is fast losing heart and on the
; verge of disruption. Past experience
■ with the secret service justifies a suspi
cion that many of ;;^ employes, most of
whom ar* natives or Spaniards, are de*-p
--: ly interested in holding their places by
seaming to earn their pay, while the ref
ugees who come through the lin>-s have
been disposed to give reports which they
think will please the authorities.
Almost since the beginning of the war
they have pictured the Filipino army as on
its last legs, and Its collapse but a ou»-s-
Two months ago <}•
Otis caused the country to be placarded
with an offer of $30 for each insurgent
rifle voluntarily surrendered, though for
some r<-aaon The newspaper correspond
ents were forbidden to tejegraph to the
United States this fact, which was known
to every one in the island. If the Fr.tpino
deserting by companies,
. at the war and converted to Ameri
can rule, many of them might be expect- j
ed to bring their guns into the American
lines and receive the reward. The entire i
harvest from this offer, however, has j
been less than a hundred (runs.
There was a time- when Apriinaldo's ,
biggest army hung in the balance, when ;
: it« destruction appeared inevitable. That :
was when Mac Arthur had captured San j
Fernando and Lawton was marching
upon San Isidro with the Filipinos
taring before him. Lawton had ma' I .*?
himself a terror to the insurrectionists,
because no obstacles stopped him. If the ;
'country was roadless his ra»n cut roads. :
and the general and his staff took off
their coats and helped. When rations :
were not forthcoming they breakfasted j
ion another inch of their belts and !
marched ahead, and they always man- !
: aged to attack from an unexpected quar
ter knowing what road or which side of j
a town had been intrenched and pounc- '
i ing in from another direction.
With Lawton at San Isidro the rebel* i
' feared he might swoop around upon Tar
lac where they had installed their no- .
madic capital, and catch them between
two armies. All the archives, seals, gilt j
i triangles and treasure boxes were packed j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AI'G-UST 25, 1899.
ready for shipment up the railroad on the
first word of Lawton's advance. Lawton
thought himself able to take Tarlac from
the rear, and asked to be allowed to do
It with the men and rations he had. But
orders came to withdraw his troops from
San Isidro and return to Malolos, leaving
small garrisons at some of the towns he
had captured. His retirem-ent the Fili
pinos construed Into a retreat and from
that day the sinking hopes of the Ir.sur
seemed to rise. Luna and Mas
cardo, who had retreated northward from
San Fernando toward Tarlac. brought
their armies hark and proceeded to con
struct a horseshoe line of intrenchments
around San Fernando, where, according
to reports, they lead their followers to
believe they have Mac Arthur besieged.
The assassination Luna was expected !
to I'rir.g the whole Filipino organization ;
toppling down in civil war, but while the
usual stories of dissension are heard, its
only result so far as outward appear
• leave Agumaldo the un
disputed leadership. The Filipinos are
encouraged by the handicap ttu rair.s im- .
pose ution the Americans and the depart
ure ot the volunteers. They read the
American nev.-spa.pers and think the home
pentiment asair.st the war is Browing.
Their policy after the rains will be as it
was before, a <-ampaign for gaining time
and wearing out their opponents. Thoy
■ - to imagine that Congress will .ie
ciare against annexation. If Congress
foil? them they will try to prolong the
struggle until into the Presidential cam
paign, with the expectation that one of :
the political pr.rtie? will declare against
imperialism ami the hone that such a par
ty may win. To whip them while they Are .
pursuing such tactics an army will be |
needed that can move rapidly and strike
day after day, following up a defeat with
out having to watt for rations and thus
giving the enemy time to reorganize. To ;
capture them, most of the generals here
think cavalry will be necessary. Time af- '■■
ter time the Americans have carefully
planned movements which seemed sure to
In the rounding up of two or three
nd rebels in a trap, but every time
the difficulties of the country, the slow :
.f wag-on trains, and the superior
agility of the 'ight-moving natives, have;
.re < against them, and when the
several divisions of the army came to- '
gether they have found a handful of obse
quious brown men, who announced them
selves "amigo?."
The Original Little Bencficencla Publics
Co- of San Francisco. Drawing,
August 24. 1899.
Xo. 2Sl3' wins {3730. sold in Pan Francisco
No. 41326 wins J1230, sold In San Francisco; No
32SSS wlc« JG2S, sold in San Francisco; Nos
S27T. 20675, 35859, IMB, MW each wins %62 50
sold in San Francisco. •
■ ♦ » —
Died From Her Injuries.
MERCED, Aug. Pretty Lizzie Wil
liams, the unfortunate 16-year-old girl
who tried to end her life several days ago
with a pistol, died at her home in this city
to-day. The cause of the act was mis
placed confidence in her lover.
HOME AGAIN*.— the Wasp's souvenir
of the volunteers' return. Thirty-two
pages of war pictures. For sale at all
newsdealers, 25 cents. «
■ ♦ ■
Ex-Judge Passes Away.
SARATOGA, tt. V.. Aug. 24.— Ex-Judee i
Henry Hilton died suddenly at 5:30 o'clock '
this afternoon.
Dr. T. E. Shumate has returned from
Europe and moved his office to 794 Butter.* I
TO BLOCKADE
ALL PORTS IN
PHILIPPINES
Plan Likely to Be Adopted
by Secretary Root the
Coming Autumn.
DEEMED AJECESSITC
Would Prevent the Landing of Ex
peditions With Supplies for
the Insurgents.
Boeclal Di.^atch to Th<» Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.— The estab
lishment of a blockade of the ports of
the Philippine Is!a r ally those
of Luzon, is a subject which is receiv
ing attention at the War Department,
although Secretary Root says he has
as yet not sufficient information to
warrant leflnite action in the matter.
Th- Secretary t-ays that he believes
in taking advantage of everything nec
essary to make a campaign successful.
and that war cannot be made without
causing distress. At the same time he
thinks an absolute blockade may do
more injury just now than good. He
considers that it would be a serious
hardship upon a peaceful community
to ?hut them off from means of sub
nce because ■ port that supplies
them is> in the hands of marauders. An
matter that baa to be considered
is the fact that the m-rchar.ts and busi
ness m<=n in Manila would be seriously
crippled, and It might cause a great
deal of dissatisfaction should a rigid
blockade be maintained at the present
time. The possibilities are. however,
that when the fall campaign begins
there will be an effective blockade
maintained and that commerce between
the town? within the American lines
and the country in the control of the
insurgents will be stopped. Meanwhile
all possible precaution will be taken to
prevent arms and ammunition from be
ing supplied to the insurgents.
MILES' WARM WORDS
FOR SECRETARY ROOT
Says He Is a Man of Business and |
Conditions Are Already
Improving.
NEW YORK. Aug. General Nelson
A. Miles said to the Philadelphia corre
spondent of the Tribune: "The new Sec
retary of War is a man of business. As
a result different conditions already exist.
The interests of the country have de- I
manded a vigorous prosecution-of the war j
In the Philippines. Now they will have It.
"I know nothing about a change of com- i
manders on the island. My command of ■
the army has nothing to do with the ad- '
ministration. As major general command- |
ing I am responsible for the health and
discipline of the army. Both are in ex
cellent condition.
"General Otis is a fine officer. That has
been demonstrated by the splendid morale
of the army, its health and Its efficiency |
in the Reid "in the Philippines.
"The inadequate force to meet the re- i
quirements has been the cause of some
what abating the results which have been
achieved. Our army, notwithstanding the ;
superiority of the enemy in numbers, has
been victorious in every engagement. The
army may be large and valiant enough to j
defeat an army quadruple its size, but it !
takes additional force to hold the towns
In an enemy's country and to cover lines j
of communication.
"About 20 per cent of our army under ;
any conditions Is practically inactive ow- i
ing to various duties about the camp and ;
In hospitals, transportation, sickness and
various other causes. In the Civil War i
only a portion of the army operated on j
the fighting line. A great bulk of the
troops were engaged in various duties in ,
the rear. Much embarrassment has been
occasioned by the supplying of the enemy
with food and munitions of war by their
friends in Manila and Hongkong, not to
speak of encouragement from their friends
In - the States.' It is difficult to discrimin- i
ate in the enemy's country between non- 1
combatants and foes."
-•
THE WIRELESS TELEGRAPH
Will Be Used in the Philippines to
Maintain Communication.
WASHINGTON. Aug. M.— Modern in
ventions will be brought into play to In
sure communication between the Ameri
can troops operating in Luzon and to pre
vent night attacks on American intrench-
Brigadier General Greely. chief signal
officer, sent Captain Grant Squires of the
signal corps to Minila for the purpose
of making experiments with wireless tel
egraphy. With wireless telegraphic in
struments accompanying a column pur
suing an enemy, communication could be
maintained with the base providing the
distance be not too great.
Captain Squires recently devoted espe
cial attention to this matter in Europe,
and has made a report to General Greely
which that officer will consider upon hi 3
return to Washington.
The War Department has contracted for
a powerful movable searchlight, which,
unon delivery next week, will be imme
diately sent to Manila. The searchlight
will "be mounted on the intreochments
and used at night to light the surround
ing country. The use of the light will,
army officers say, prevent any surprise.
LIST OF DROWNED.
Names of Men Who Lost Their Lives
in the San Mateo.
"WASHINGTON. Aug. 24.— General Otla
to-day cabled the War Department the
name? of the men who were drowned
■ crossing the San Mateo River on
the 21st They were: Sergeant Thoma3
W Cotmtee. Privates William Carter,
John Dean. J. E. Johnson. Edward Jones,
Thomas Russell, Emmet McMillan,
Hampton Kendall and George Moody, all
of Company G. Twenty-fourth Infantry.
The following were drowned In attempt
ing to rescue others:
Private J. E Poole. Company H. Twen
ty-fourth and one private of Fourth
Cavalry whose name nas not yet been
learned.
General Otis say 3 the men jumped from
the boat In a panic.
THIRTY-FIRST MOVES.
Will Be in San Francisco Early in
Ssptember.
CHICAGO. Aug. 24.— Captain Palmer,
chief quartermaster of the Department of
the Lakes, completed arrangements to
day for the transportation of the Thirty
flrst Infantry from Fort Thomas. Ky.. to
San Francisco, whence they sail for the
Philippines on September 10.
The route is over the Pennsylvania lines
from Cincinnati to St. Louis, the Chicago
and Alton to Kansas City, the Cnion Pa
to Opden and the Southern Pacific
to San Francisco. Four special trains will
be utilized, and it is expected the regi
ment will be at the seaboard by Septem
ber- 1. The first detachment left Cincin
nati to-day.
NEWPORT ARRIVES
Private Elmer Raymond Died Dur
ing the Voyage.
WASHINGTON. A'.i*. 24— General Otis
to-day reported the arrival of the trans
port Newport at Maniia. Private Elmer
Raymond. Company E. Nineteenth Infan
try" died on board August 7 of uraemia.
There were no other casualties.
Keith's French hats, new French hats.
Keith's Opening, September 1 and 2. •
SAN DOMINGO CITIES
TAKEN BY THE REBELS
Strong Government Column Advancing to
Meet the Adherents of Jiminez
Near Cotui.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright, 1899.
by James Gordon Bennett.
[• PORTO PLATA. Aue. 24.— The Jiminez revolution is growing, a!- •
I £ though the outbreak in Monte Chrlsti was suppressed. The cities of +
!4. San Francisco de Macoris, Lavega and M^ca have been taken by the +
i O revolutionist ohiefs, Ramon Caserns, Horacio Vasquea and Jose Bracke, o
I £ those who are alleged to have been instrumental in the killing of Presi- £
I + dent Heureaux. Their war cry is "Vive Jiminez! Down with Paper +
j o Currency!" °
q A body of revolutionists five miles out of Santiago will try to inter- Q
♦- cept Governor Pedro Pepin as he is returning from Monte ChristL A
O strong G-'vernment column from Cotui is advancing on the insurgents. o
"♦" The acting President has telegraphed: ♦
° "Jiminez has b^^n arrested by Americans in Havana."
O Caceres. Vasquez and Brache. at the head of 500 revolutionists, ap- o
I*" peered before Macori. They Wt the en-eat body of their troop? at the ♦
; + entrance to the city and with twenty men advanced to the Governor's +
o house, demanding surrender. Governor Castillo, thoroughly cowed, re- o
' ♦ paired to the plasa without making any resistance, and the delivery of ♦
'+. the park. fort, arsenal and Government buildings wa? then effected. +
O The revolutionists th a n formally occupied the surrounding country, o
> meeting with no opposition. ■♦
0 CAPE HAYTIEN". Haytl. Aug. 24.— Eleven trunks, supposed to have °
♦ been transferred from the George Croise, a steamer of Santiago de o
° Cuba, engaged on the Cuban coast and in foreign trade, were seised >
q aboard the French bark RuninWe. Captain Port, on Tuesday night. £
2 They contained ammunition and Jiminez's correspondence. Jiminez in- 0
o Btructs Aybar. Dominican, now in Santiago de Cuba, to proceed to Cien- ■+
' ♦ fuegos and charter a small steamer for an expedition. Aybar replies o
'. ° that no steamer is available. Jiminez instructs him to charter a small +
i ♦ schooner and proceed to Cape Haytien and Fort Liberte. where the au
♦ thoriti^s are friendly. Jiminez complains of scarcity of funds. £
o Thirteen men, supposed to be Dominicans, being without passports, +
o were refused a landing by the authorities, but landed secretly at night o
> from the same steamer. *
o
OVATION IS GIVEN
ADMIRAL DEWEY
Citizens as Well as the Officials of
Nice Courteously Receive the
Famous American.
NICE, France.- Aug. 24 — Admiral
Dewey, accompanied by Flag Lieutenant
Brumby and the Vice Consul here, this
morning returned the visit made yester
day by M. Gran, president of the Alpes-
MaritiTies, who showed the visitors
through the rooms of the prefecture, the
former palace of the King of Piedmont.
The arty then called on General O'Far
rell, the acting military governor, whom
Admiral Dewey thanked for the permis
sion he had received to land and drill bis
men at Villefranche during the remainder
of the cruiser Olympia's stay at that
place. The Americans also called on
Naval Commander Duval, whom Admiral
Dewey thanked for the port facilities
which had been granted to his vessel. The
\dmiral asked M. Duval to transmit his
thanks to the Maritime Prefect at Tou
lon for sending cruisers to salute the
Olympia on her arrival.
The it habitants of Nice gave Admiral
Dewey an ovation as he passed through
the streets. He returned to Villefranche
at noon
Admiral Dewey expresses regret In re
gard to the incorrect reports concerning
his reception at Trieste. He says It was
most courteous and hearty. The Minister
of Marine coming especially from Vienna
to greet him. : Y^V^L ';/ ,
"Not only myself." added the American
admiral," but" every one on board the
Olympia received every possible atten
tion." ' __ ,
Admiral Dewey created a marked im
preslon here, all those who saw him. being
struck with his extreme amiability and
m NE\V YORK. Aug. 24.— Acting Mayor
Guggenhlmer to-day received the follow
ing cablegram from Admiral Dewey: ,. f
"VILLEFRANCHE. Aug. 24.—Ran
dolph Guggenheimer. Acting Mayor. "Will
arrive Thursday 25, as requested. .
"DEW EY.
This will enable the reception committee
to hold the naval parade. on Friday and
the land parade on Saturday and obviate
the necessity of having a day intervene
between the two parades.
TICKET NOMINATED.
Having Completed Their Work Miss
issippi Democrats Adjourn.
JACKSON. Miss., Aug. 24.— The State
Democratic Convention adjourned at noon
to-day, after having completed the ticket,
which in full is as follows:
Governor— A. H. Longino of Washington
County. .
Lieutenant Governor— J. T. Harrison or
Lowndes. _ . .., ,
Secretary of State— J. L. Power of Hinds
irenominated).
Attorney General— Monroe McClure or
Auditor— W. O. Cole of Water Valley.
Trea=uerer— Robert Stc-urs of Lafayette.
Superintendent of Public Educatton-B.
L. Whitfield.
Land Comnrfwloner— E. H. Nail of
Holmes (renominated).
Revenue Agent— W. C. Adams of Hinds
trenominatedi. . n ■»»...- i
Railroad Commissioners— A. C. Ma>s. J.
J. Mclnnis (renominated). Clay Kincan-
Clerk of Supreme Court— E. W. Brown
of Cop! ah (renominatedi.
DISASTROUS FAILURE.
Millionaire in St. Petersburg Sus
pends and May Euin Many.
LONDON", Aug. 24.— The Leader to-day
publishes a dispatch from its St. Peters
burg correspondent saying that the sus
pension of M. Vonderweiss, a millionaire
of that city, has produced a depressing
effect on the Bourse and in financial cir
cles His capital was estimated at be
tween fifty and sixty million rubles, but
after his debts are paid he will scarcely
have six million rubles left. His fortune
was largely sunk in a group of undertak
ings each one supporting the other. He
READ THIS BOOK
FREE!
A BOOK WHICH WILL REMOVE THE
clouJ from your future, which will show
you how you can elevate yourself mentally and
illy rt tells of twenty ywirs spent In the
eothßSiMtlC etu.iy of vital nerve force, finding
n-hnt it comes from and. when lor^t. how to re-
i.i'i.p It W> all like to be at our best, an 1
from what I hay» teamed I am !n a position
STUDY MY METHOD.
Out of all my experience I have built a meth-
od of infusing the system with vitalizing elee-
triclty whi'h ir the has>H of all animal 'hu-
man) vitality. My book tells what I know of
'his. .ar.d jron -'an have It free if you will call
or write to-day.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
TO2 Market St.. cor. Kearny, S. F. ; Burdlck
Block, cor. Spring and Second Stg.. Lob An-
Offic* Hourt- 8 a. m. to S:3O p. m. : Sunday*
1C to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
regardeiJ one of 'he most important sys
tems of railroads in Russia as his own
and he was connected with the rrads and
with a number of steamers plying on the
Volgra and ihe Caspian Sea. a machine
factory, an insurance company, a cement
factory and a number of smaller concerns.
It is thought the failure is likely to ruin
many other big houses, including that of
a Moscow capitalist named Mamoutow,
who has suspended for twenty-four mil
lion rubles.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IQQI °/ I
| 003 /o I
| PROFIT
lIN 30 DAYS. I
jg That's what our stockhold- B
% ers have made In tj
I oil:
All coming In now B
GUARANTEED 25 PER CENT PROFIT 1
I Every 30 days, or 150 per cent in six B
GUARANTEED 25 PER CENT PROFIT I
Every 30 days, or 150 prr cent in ?ix I
months, with the possibility of its I
being much more. Send for our free I
\ INSIDE INFORMATION. |
! UNION CONSOLIDATSD OIL AND TBASB- H
- FOBTATION CO.. D
I UNION CONSOLIDATED Building, I
FORTATION CO .
322-32.? Parrott Building,
'i San Francisco. %[
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIAN
Up to and Including: Sunday Night; Matinee
Saturday at 2:15.
Saturday Night Curtain Rises at 9 O'clock.
CLAYCLEMENT
In His Successful Romantic Comedy,
"A SOUTHERN
GENTLEMAN"
A COMPANY OF EXCEPTIONAL EXCEL-
LENCE.
Next Week-CLAVcLEiWENT
'THE NEW DOMINION."
ALCAZAR
EXTRA MATINEE SUNDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
TO-NIGHT. TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
REGULAR MATINEE TO-MORROW.
ROMEO AND JULIET!
INGOM4R!— £!££.— ING9MAR!
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
PRICES— IV:. 25c, 3Sc. 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
HUNDREDS TURNED AWAY NIGHTLY!
ENORMOU3 SUCCESS OF THE GREAT
DOUBLE BILL
"Cavalleria JJusticana"
"I PAGLIACCI."
EVERY EVENING! EVERY EVENING.
SATURDAY MATINEE.
CHANGE OF CAST EACH NIGHT.
All the Famous Singers Will Appear!
Big?- Success of the Opera Season.
Wext week, "GIOCONDA" and •RIGOLETTO"
POPULAR PRICES. tic and 50c.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
CHUTES_AND ZOO:
I BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVESfNG!
BOYLE and LEWIS, Comedy Sketch Artists;
BANVARD FAMILY of Acrobats: THE GSR-
DELLERS, Grotesques; THE WILLARDS,
Musical Artists, MANY NOVELTIES and
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Reserve Seats by Phone, Steiner 1851.
SEE JOHANNA FRISCO,
ORANG-OUTANG!
NEXT WEEK-ADGIE.
"MISCELLANEbUS."
nasaTcatarrh
cured after
forty years.
David Barnett, Aged Seventy
Eight Years, Is Cored of
Catarrh. Which He Says lias
Troubled Him for Forty Years.
This is but another convincing proof that
Catarih in the Head can be cured by the
Modern Screntiflc Method as originally
adopted by Dr. Aborn.
To the Public—
For the benefit of the afflicted I wish U
state that 1 had b^n affected with Ca-
tarrh of the Head tor about forty yeara.
and. after two months of successful treat-
ment with Dr. AUorn, am perfectly fre* of
the distressing malady, i believe he can
cure any case of Chronic Catarrh of tne
Head. I am now seventy-eight years of
•age. Truly, DAVID BARNKTT.
OR. ABORN, 554 Sutt r St.
P Over thirty years devoted to the treat-
ment of Diseases of the Eye and Ear,
deafness, blindness from cataract. Cc-
tarrh of head. Asthma and all Throat.
Bronchia! and Lung Affections, as well .n
derangements of the Digestive Organs and
Nervous 81 stem. '.;• - ;
Dr. Ahorn's treatment almost Invari-
ably rives instantaneous relief, build- <ip
and revitalizes the w.hole system, thereby
giving a new leas^ of life. His patients
almost invariably gain- in weight Wto 30
pounds in 30 to 60 days. A thorough course
of treatment is prepared and furnished in
most cases upon the first consultation,
which can be used at the patient's home.
HOME TREATMENT THROUGH COR-
RESPONDENCE for those who reside in
remote parts of the State and adjolni^s?
States and Territories, who cannot call
personally. Dr. Aborn has effected mar;
velous cures in thousands of cases with-
out ever seeing the patient. All who have
been afflicted for years or a lifetime are
invited to call for a free consultation.
Hours— to 12 and 2to 4; evenings 7
to 3.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIAJHEATER.
A SPASM OF LAUGHTER YOU WILL
NEVER FORGET!
AN OVERWHELMINGLY FUNNY FARCE!
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
REMEMBER
The Special Stmdiy Matinee !
WARDE «* SACKETT'S
COMEDIANS
In the Funniest of All Flays,
A BACHELOR'S
HONEYMOON.
Reserved Seats, 25c, 50c, 73« and $1.
Matinee, 23c. 50c and 75c.
DON'T FORGET THE SUN-
DAY MATINEE.
HALL AND STALEY.
FREEZE BROTHERS,
MCMAHON AND KING,
THE CARDOWNIEB,
CARON AND HERBERT.
MANSFIELD AND WILBUR,
tCSMERALDA,
ALEXANDRA DAGMAR,
AMERICAN BIOGRAPHm
Reserved seats, 25c: balcony. 10c; opera
chairs and box seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
SPECIAL MATINEE SUNDAY AT EVENING
PRICES, as the Theater Will Be Closed
Saturday Evening or. Account of
the Celebration.
At Every Performance This Week,
Yon Suppe's Very Pretty and Comical Opera,
CLOVER!
And the Magnificent Livlnsr Tableau,
The Victorious California Regiment on the
Battlefield at Manila.
NOTE— having seats for Saturday
1 evening may use- them for the Sunday Matinee.
Monday Evening— JONES."
PRICES *
i Orchestra ..35c rod .weiKamlly Circle 15c
Dr»«» Circle 25c i 3aU»"ry 10c
At Saturday Matinee. Best Reserved Seat. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office — Main Entrance
Emporium.
J^. St-U.ca.37-
I BATTLE
OF
I MANILA
1 '
Market Street, near Eighth.
tit .iSAGR&MENttT
H >5 EPTA T -?T°l6 Tt# " v *
(kqicest Fruits.Wlnes.Vege-
-tables. Grains & Grasses
OF (^ LIFORNIA^I - -^3|
A g%« sioc& SYiONJ/.
/%>ic jS$ Dltertair\mcT\t.
EXHIBITS TRANSPORTED fREE
Excursion Rates To Visitors.
VfolTE fOR ]>ARTICULAR S#
: )ETBIJ i SHIELDS B^KKLES
pK£slU^rtl
PICNICL AND EXCURSIONS.
~^~ 6UTRO ATMS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM : A. M. TO 11 P. M.
B A. THING FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN, sc.
I Bath 1. ir-lud:r.^ aditi listen. 25c; children. JOe
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
78
SPORTS THE WORLD WIDE OVER
BURLIHGAME
PLAYERS WIN
POLO CONTEST
Exciting Scenes at
Del Monte.
HONOR FOR THE NORTH
SOUTHERN TEAM IS NEARLY
SHUT OUT.
■ ■ ■■ :: -
In the Golf Contest, Which Is Still
Unfinished, Odds Favor the
v South to Win the
i Cup.
Special Dlf^atcli to The Call.
DEL MONTE, Aug. 24.— For the second
time during the series of sports at this
place Northern California has come off
victorious, and in both cases it Is to Bur
lingamo that the laurels go. Miss Mary
Fcott of Burlingame captured the prize In
the ladies' golf tournament, and now the
Burlingame polo team has defeated the
Southern California team, with a score
that came very near having a goose egg
to the south'a credit.
The match began at 3:30 p. m., with R.
M and Jo Tobin, Charlie Baldwin and C
M. Dunphy In the held for Burlingame.
and C. B. Maud and R. L. Bettner of
Riverside and W. Stillwell and C. Ealand
of Santa Barbara representing the Bouih.
Burlingame Ht-ored the rst goaL Bald
win and I'unphy played exceptionally
well.
Burlingan scored eight goals before the
Bouth made itself felt to any great extent,
but then the southern men rallied and
made several splendid plays, scoring a
goal. The last two points were hotly con
tested and the game, that at first had
been rather slow, eloped much excite
ment unions, the crowd of spectators. 1 he
t-core was it Co 1 in Burlingame's favor.
The men's golf contest for the Del Monte
cup that ... d yesterday, is still uniin-
Ished; but the odds are two to one in favor
r>f victory going to the southern players.
The second round in the final competition
resulted in throwing out all but three
southern men, Tufts. Cosby and Maud,
und one northern man, Fitzgerald. Tufts
uvA Cosby played off this i noon, Tufts
winning in good style. To-morrow morn
ing Fitzgerald and Maud will play, off,
and the winner of that will play Tufts for
[he cud.
ALMOST A DEAD HEAD
Bishop Reed Defeated by Gold Fox by
a Nose in a Hot Finish.
CHICAGO, Aug. 24.— Another exciting
scene occurred at Harlem to-day when
Bishop Reed and Gold Fox passed under
the wire In the third race, a mile and
twenty yards, in a nose and nose finish,
Gold Fox getting the verdict. Hundreds
of the crowd believed that Bishop Heed
!iad won and manifested their disapproval
by a disgraceful demonstration. Crocket
iiad an easy victory over John Baker and
Al^aretta in a Lhree-horse race at a mile.
Weather clear; track last. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling— G*>orge 11. Ketcham
won. Bitter Root >. >nd, Contessa third. Tone,
1:274.
Six furlortgs— un Pulton won. Macie Maree
second Man at Honor third. Time. 1:14%.
One mile and twenty yards, selling— Gold Fox
won. Bishop Reed second, lilue Lick third.
Time. 1:41*4.
One mile— Crocket won, John Baker second,
Algaretta third. Time. 1j40%. : -
Six. and a naif furlongs, selling— won,
Canova second, Roseapple third. Time. 1:21.
Five furlongs. filing— ln Debt won, Sorrel
Rose second, Azua third. Time 1:01%.
ST. T/H'IS. Aue;. 14.— track was fast to
flay and the finishes clone. Results:
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Applejack
won. Barriso second, Aunt Haggle third,
lime, 1:22.
Six furlongs selling— Good Hope won, Kara
toga second. Nancy Till third Time. 1:18.
Six furlongs. Heilins— tolore won, St. Augus
tine second, Biddubia third. Time, 1:16.
One mile and a sixteenth, handicap— Sir Rolla
won Basqull second, Carl C third. Time. 1:49%:
Five and a half furlongß, maiden two-year
old?—■"!>!■ won, Canrobert second, Leipzig
third. Time, I:O9Va-
Six furlongr— Triaditza won. Sorrow second,
Cotton Plant third. Time, 1:1 .
SARATOGA, Aug. 24.— The weather, track
and attendance were all excellent to-day.. Re
sults:
Five furlongs— Kickum Bob won, Joe McGee
pecond. Ghetto third. Time, 1:02%.
One mile— i>»ando won. Compensation second,
Diminutive third. Time, l:4::v
six and a half — Meebanua won. Star
of Bethlehem second. Duke of Mlddleburg
third. Time, ]:21' 4 .
Five and a half furlongs. Pepper stakes —
Mr Jersey won, Waring second; Sardine third.
Time, I:O7>J.
One mile — Lucky Star won. Miss Patron sec
ond, Maurice third. Time. 1:41%
DETROIT. Auk. 24.— The sensation of the day
•t Highland Park was the finish between ro
loco and Water Bottle, the latter winning by a
pcant nose. Weather cloudy and track last.
Results:
One mile. selling, Hapsburg won, Granby sec
ond, cii.-v.ii dOr third. Time. 1:4214.
Fix furlongs, selling— Water Bottle won, To
foco second, Dissolute third. Time. 1:16.
One mile, allowances— Kunja won, Oakmald
second. Jim Meplhbon third. Tine, 1:41%.
Kour and a half furlongs, selling— lda Ford
hum won, Foneda second, Onoto third. Time,
Mile and eighth, pelllni;— Vlrgle O won, Tan I
See 'Km second, Sallle Lamar third. Time,
1:.M%.
Six furlongs, -Aquinas won, Mamie
Calhin second, Wordsworth third. Time, 1:14%.
OOBHEN, N. V . Aug. 24. — Six thousand peo
ple witnessed the racing to-day. Two of the
races were won by horses not favorites, while
Silver Maker, a Tavorite in the 2:14 class, cap
tured the purse. Baron H. in the 2:2j) clans,
and Woodford C, in the 2:13 class, surprised
the multitude by winning:, the latter In three
straight heats. Results:
2:14 class, pacing, purse $500— Silver Maker
won first, second and fifth heats. Time— 2:l6l4,
2:14. 2:16. U 8 Bond won third .and fourth
heats. Time— 2:l2'i, 2:i:' 4 - Marcbmont and
Clover also started.
Goelet stakes, $1000. 2:20 class, trotting—Ba
ron H won fourth, firth and sixth heats. Time—
2:19%, 2:21%. 2:1!». Rival won first and second
} rat? Time— 2;l9 I ,i, 2:18%. Meadow Belle won
third heat. Time, 1:19%. Directress also
started.
2:13 class, trotting, purse Woodford C
won in straight heats. Time— 2:14%,
?:14'«. Prince Lavaland. PI. George and Pres
ton also started. West Wilkes distanced.
a.
McFarland Is Defeated
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— 1 he attendance
at the Aabury Park (N. J.) bicycle meet
to-day was small. The track was heavy.
The one-mile professional was won by
O I-. Stevens, Ottumwa, la,; n. :A.
Fisher. Chicago, second; Robert Wai
thour, Atlanta, third; F. A. McFarland,
Ban Jose, fourth. Time. 2:2:: 3-5. The two
mile, handicap, professional, was won hy
j; iberi Walthour <30 yards); F. A. McFar
land (scrotch). second; Robert Miller, New
Yoik <*j>j yards), third. Turn-. 4:25 2-5.
Martin on Two Winners.
LONDON, Ans. 24. -Martin, the Ameri
can jockey. rode two winners at the Xork
isl meeting. Hiß first victory was
in Ix.nl William Beresford'a Violence in
the race for the Maiden Plate of 100
Igns, ten horses starting, and his
; Pierre L/orillard's Chinook, in
the ttarewood handicap stakes, there be
□ starters.
Races Are Postponed.
BOSTON. Aug. 24.— Owing to a heavy
track the grand circuit races at Readville
■were postponed to-day. The card set for
to-flay, including the finish of the 2:14 pace
and the $10,000 stake race, which was be
gun yesterday with fifteen starters and in
which Lecco, Tomboy and Charlie Herr
took two heats each, will be carried out
to-morrow.
.. ♦ ■
HOME AGAIN.— Get the Wasp's souvenir
of the volunteers' return. Thirty-two
pages of war pictures. For sale at all
newsdealers, 25 cents. •
ASSOCIATION
OF OARSMEN
NEWLY FORMED
Is Composed of Pa
cific Coast Men.
ONLY AMATEURS MEMBERS
CONSTITUTION AND BY-LAWS
ADOPTED.
Latter Provide but for Two Classes
of Oarsmen and That Medals
Shall Not Exceed $35
in Value.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA, Or., Aug. 24.— The Pacific
Coast Association of Amateur Oarsmen
was organized at regatta headquarters
last night. The following gentlemen were
present:
W. G. Frye of the University of Cali
fornia, 11. A. Witkopf of the Ariel Rowing
Club. S. J. Pembroke of Alameda Rowing
Club, Dr. C. C Dennis and J. Foley of
South End Boat Club, G. C. .Fulton of
Astoria Rowing Club. George Jam) of
Olympic Boat Club was represented by
Mr Pembroke. Mr. Fulton was chosen
temporary chairman and Harrison Allen
temporary secretary. The constitution
and by-laws which had been prepared
were then taken up. Each section was
carefully gone over and discussed at
length. The by-laws place oarsmen In
two classes, junior and senior, the inter
mediate class being struck out. A junior
oarsmen is one who has never won a
junior race, while a senior is one who (
has won a junior or senior race. It is j
specified that medals shall not exceed ;
$'<& in value, chough donation cups may be
worth any amount. hen the value of
a first prize for any event shall be less
than $35 there shall be no second prize.
The Idea of this rule is to prevent the
cheapening of medals.
There was much discussion as to defini
tion of boats which shall be used. Some
of the delegates were In favor of adopt
ing the Improved boats, which are of
greater speed, but as I here is only one of
these boats on San Francisco Bay it wu.s
decided to let the matter rest for another
year. It Is expected a majority of clubs
will buy fast boats a year hence, If so
this rule may be changed. The definition i
of barges and skiffs follows:
A barge shall be a clinker-built boat
rowing on the gunwale, meaning that the'
rowlocks shall not be outrigged, and a
skiff shall be a clinker-built boat, not ex
ceeding 21 feet 6 inches in length and 22
inches in width.
The constitution was adopted, and copies
will be sent to all Pacific Coast clubs.
The election of ofttcers resulted as fol
lows:
President G. C. Fulton of Astoria; vice ;
president, S. J. Pembroke of San Fran- :
Cisco; secretary, Harrison Allen of As
toria; treasurer, E. C. Hughes of Astoria; j
trustees— Edward Hallock and Harry
Hamblet of Astoria; board of directors—
S. J. Pembroke of the Alamedas, Dr. Den- '
nis of the South Ends; W. C. Espy of the
Pioneers; Albert Rothkopf of the Dol
phins; John K. Bockman of the Ariel*,:
George James of the Olympics and Jajnes
Hopper of the University of California.
The association will hold all its regattas
at Astoria. ■.> •'. ■- •
Brewer, the champion swimmer, estab
lished three new world's records to-day;
A joke led to the performance in which
Brewer swam 220 yards. He did twenty
# ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ »■< ♦ * ♦ -$— *-#-*-<^-
DE HAVEN DECIDES
THAT NORTH ERRED
SHOULD HAVE ALLOWED MER
CHANT OTA TO LAUD.
But the Secretary of the Treasury
Alone Has the Right to Review
the Action of the Immigra
tion Commissioner.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday rendered his opinion in the
matter of the habeas corpus petition of
S. Ota, a Japanese merchant of this city,
who was prevented from landing at this
port by 11. H. North. United States Immi
gration Commissioner. General W. 11. L..
Barnes, representing the petitioner, was
present in court. The following Is the full
text of the decision:
This is a proceeding arising upon a writ of
habeas corpus Issued en behalf of one H. Ota,
and the ease was submitted to the court for its
decision upon the petition for the -vr;t. the re
turn thereto and certain admissions made by
counsel during the argument, from which 1
tin. i the following farts: - _«_.
That the said b. Ota Is a native and subject
of the empire of Japan, and for more than
eight years has been a resident of the State of
California and is now a merchant and a mem
ber of the firm of Ota *• Sanuda, San Fran
cisco; that said firm deals in Japanese fancy
goods teas and coffee, and Imports, manufac
tures'and sells all kinds of bamboo furniture;
that In March of the present year the said 8.
Ola went to Japan for the purpose of buying
goods for his firm, and after having made pur
chases to the amount in value of more than
five thousand dollars he returned to Ban Fran
cisco on the steamship Hongkong Maru, arriv
ing at that port on or about August 5, 1899, and
thereafter on the 10th day of August, 1899, after
a. special inquiry by the Immigration officials
at the port of San Francisco he was found to
be Buffering from a loathsome and contagious
disease and was ordered by 11. H. North, the
Commissioner of Immigration at that port, to
be returned to Japan, and is now in the cus
tody of the steamship company operating the
Hongkong Maru for the purpose of being so
returned to Japan. .■.,"•■ , ... »
Upon these facts I think it v<>ry clear that
the petitioner is not an alien Immigrant, and
that the Commissioner of Immigration erred in
ordering him to be returned to Japan (in re
Panzara. 51 Fed. 175); but under the act of
August 1. 1894, 28 Stats. 390, the only mode of
correcting this error Is by an appeal to the Sec
retary of the Treasury. That act provides :
In every case where an alien Is excluded from
admission Into the United States under any law
or treaty now existing or hereafter made, the
decision 'of the appropriate immigration or cus
toms officer if adverse to the admission of such
alien shall' be final unless reversed on appeal
to the Secretary of the Treasury.
This statute was before the Supreme Court
in the case of J>m Moon Sing vs. United
States ir,B U. S. 638. and was there construed
as taking away from the courts the authority
to review or set aside the decision of the execu
tive officers named, when such decision is ad
verse to an alien claiming. the right to enter
r.r re-enter the United States. See also In re
Mopes, S3 Fed. MS. ■::•': : :
The writ will be discharged.
The case has been appealed to the Sec
retary of the Treasury and will be de
cided in a few days. There is no doubt
that Ota will be allowed to land.
_ »-•—
CIGAR FACTORY SEIZED.
Leong Kong Was in Business With
out Bond or License from the
Revenue Department.
Sergeant Anderson and Patrolman Wil
liams and Dinan Beized a Chinese cigar
factory at 534 Clay street, near Stockton,
yesterday, owned by Leong Kong, and
turned the plant and stock over to In
ternal Revenue Ai;ent Hurt M. Thomas.
Lenny Kong, tho proprietor, was charged
with •refilling cipar boxea and running an
:ili< it cigar factory without bond or II- i
cense. His property will be condemned
and sold as soon as orders to that effect
shall have been received from the Inter
nal Revenue Cpmmissloner at Washing
ton. Seventeen hundred cigars and a
quantity of toba«co were seized. Kong
was turned over to the Federal authori
ties.
Will of Leopold Kutner Filed.
The will of I^eopold Kutner, who died
on the 17th inst. at Santa Rarhara, leav
ing an estate exceeding $10,000 in value,
has been presented for probate. Follow
ing are the bequests: To his widow, I
TIIJS SAS IKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUCrUST 25, 1899.
five yards in nine seconds, his best pre
vious time being 12 4-5. Fifty yards was
done in 24 3-5 and seventy-five yards in 40
seconds.
BOSTON WINS THE GAME.
Hub Players Defeat the .Pittsburgh
Team by a Narrow Margin.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— XV. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....71 3 . Chicago 66 63 .513
Boston 07 41 .620 Pittsburg ....54 ,65 .496
Philadelphia 6S 42 .CIS Louisville ...48 6'J .44S
Baltimore ...64 41 .610 New Y0rk. ...47 68 .443
Cincinnati ..59 4S .551 Washington .36 71 .33*5
St. Louis 60 49 .650 I Cleveland ...18 94 .162
PITTSBURG, Aug. 24.— Chesbro and Meekin
both pitched excellent ball, the latter doing
a little the better work. The locals tied the
score in the ninth on Long's wild throw and a
hit by Schriver. In the tenth the Bostons, with
four hits, scored two runs, • and retired their
opponents in one, two, three order. Attendance,
2SOO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Plttsburg 16 2
Boston 3 11 1
— Chesbro and Schriver: Meekin and
Bergln. Umpires— Gaffney and Latham.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 24.— Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 6 11 3
Philadelphia 0 3 5
Batteries — and Crlger; Fraser and
Douglass. Umpires— Kruslie and McDonald.
CHICAGO, Aug. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 14 2
Brooklyn 9 13 1
Batteries— Cogan end Chance; Kennedy and
Farrell. Umpires— Snyder and Connelly.
LOUISVILLE!, Aug. 24.— Score: „
Chilis— R. H. E.
Louisville 4 12 1
Baltimore 4 10 8 1
Game called on account of darkness.
Batteries— and ZHmmer; Nops and
Robinson. Umpires— Day and Hunt.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 24.— Score:
Clubs— R H. E.
land 2 U 8
New York: 6 10 0
Batteries Bates and McAllister; Sugden. \
'Carriek and Wilson. Umpires— Manassau and j
McGarr.
McFadden and Purcell Win.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 24.— J. Gleason of this
r-ity to-night lasted only two rounds ol
what was to have been a twenty-round k'
with "Kid" McFadden of San Francis* o,
Frank Purcell of San Francisco success
ively defeated Brownlee Sexton of St.
Louis and J. Kohn of Texas hi contests
that lasted only two rounds.
MRS. SUCHINSKI'S DEMAND.
Insane Woman Asks That She Be
Sworn on a Brass Crucifix.
The release of Frances Suchinski from j
the I'kiah Asylum for the Insane on the
ground that she had recovered her mental
balance was a little premature. Up to a I
few months ago the unfortunate woman
lived at 4213 Eighteenth street. She sold j
the property and Leon Czarnecki went to
live In the house, Mrs. Suchinski began [
to annoy the people living in her old home j
and finally she was arrested and sent to •
the asylum mentioned, as she was clearly
insane. A few weeks ago some friends
of the unfortunate woman secured a writ !
of habeas corpus for her release, and on i
the showing made by them the court ■
granted the writ Last Friday, however,
the insane woman invaded her old home ;
and, armed with a saw, made a vicious
attack on Mrs. I^-onore Czarnecki. A
policeman was summoned and the scream-
Ing woman was taken to prison. Yester
day morning her case again came up be
fore Judge Cook. When she was brought
Into court she loudly demanded that she
be sworn on a brass crucifix she carried j
and followed her demand with an inco
herent babble, It was readily seen that
she was not quite right mentally and
Judge Cook again admitted her to the
asylum.
Yesterday's Insolvent."
John Oppenheimer, Corning, Tehama
County; liabilities, $^514 69; no assets. 1
» . + $—♦--
Amelia Kutner. one-half his entire estate;
to Pauline Korn, a sister, $2000; to the
Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home Soci
ety of San Francisco, $500; to Mount Zion
Hospital Association of San B'rancisco,
$500; to Louis Kutner, a nephew, library
and musical instruments. Tin- residue of
the estate is devised in trust to Louis and
Alfred Kutner and Oscar Harris for the
benefit of his widow, Amelia Kutner, for
the term of her life. At her death the
trust shall terminate and the estate shall
vest in Hannah Harlan, a niece; Fannie
Armuth. a niece; Carrie Kutner, a niece;
Dora Gottschalk, a niece; Florence Levy,
a niece; Lily Korn. a niece, and Henry
Korn, a nephew. The trustees are also
named as executors.
. » .
COURT AURORA.
It Celebrates the Twenty-First Anni
versary of Its Institution by
a Banquet.
Yesterday was the twenty-first anniver
sary of the institution of Court Aurora
No. 2 of the Foresters of America, and
the members celebrated tile event by a
social in the Social Hall of the Alcazar
builiiinK. after which there was a banquet
in a restaurant in the vicinity. There
were present at the banquet nearly 200
Foresters and lady relatives and friends, i
Among the prominent members of the or
der who were the special guests of Aurora
were Judge J. Hughes of Sacramento, the
grand chief ranger, Hugo K. Asher, John
Heenan and L. Alexander of Sacramento.
After a good menu had been discussed
Grand Secretary John J. Cordy, who is
a member of the court, acting as toast
master, made a neat speech preliminary
to giving the first toast which succeeded
the singing of "America" by the entire
assemblage. The toast was "Our Order,"
responded to by Grand Chief Ranger
Hughes. The other toasts were, "Our
Motto, 1... U. B. and C," John Heenan;
"Our Returned Volunteers," Jacob Label;
"The Ladles," Hugo K. Asher: "The
Companions of the Forest of America,"
Mrs. -Lizzie Atwood; "Court Aurora,"
James Healing, and "Finances," James J.
Fulton. After that there were a number
present who were called on for
a few remarks. During the dinner an or
chestra rendered, a number of popular
airs. ■','■ ■
The celebration, a very pleasant one,
; was under the direction of J. J. Fulton,
Jacob Label, C. A. Mitchell, Thomas
Webb, James Whltaker and Joseph Shaw.
. ♦ ■
INTERIOR SAVINGS BANKS.
An Increase of Over Two Million Dol
lars in a Year.
Secretary Dinsmore has just finished
compiling the reports received from the
interior savings banks and the results are
very gratifying, as they show a material
increase in deposits over those of last
year. During the past eleven months the
gain in deposits was $2,862,. 3.'). During
the same period the gain in deposits of
all hanks Under the control of the State
Bank Commission was $20,224,228 65. The
condition of the interior sayings banks
is as follows:
Resources— Bank premises, $931,609 IB;
real estate ' taken for. debt, $3,019,19896;
miscellaneous bonds and stocks. $6,421.
--110 21; loans on real estate, $21,319,099 61;
loans on stocks, bonds and warrants,
$415,432 38; loans on other securities (grain,
etc.), $146, 55; loans on personal secur
ity and overdrafts, i;'7ti,Ol4 68; money on
hand, $1,077,053 2b; due from banks and
bankers. $3,424.048 04; other assets, $186,
--BSS 93. Total resources. $37,915,002 79.
Liabilities— Capital paid in coin, $3,644,
--055; reserve fund, profit and loss, $1,379,
--519 89; due depositors, $32,645,94 D CO; . due
banks and bankers. $391 49; other liabili
ties. $245,053 81. Total liabilities, $37,915,
--002 79.
- ..- r . : r7~- ■ ♦ .
BURGLARS MAKE A HAUL.
Enter a House on Sacramento Street
and Steal Valuable Jewelry.
Captain Bohen and his men are search-
Ing for a brace of burglars who entered
the residence of J. B. Moisant at 2*41
Sacramento street several days ago and
grot away with considerable jewelry and
$77 in money.
Shortly after noon the family left their
house to do some shopping. On their re-
I turn several hours later they were cur
DOGS FROM AFAR
WILL COURSE AT
INGLESIDE PARK
Representatives From
Los Angeles.
FLEET ONES FROM THE SOUTH
DRAW INSURES GOOD SPORT
IN THE RUN DOWN.
With the Merced Hares Running
Strongly the Dogs Have Their
Work Cut Out for
Them.
The coursing parks of this city are grad
ually attracting the best dogs of I the
country, owing to the value of the prizes
offered here. At the draw held last night
for this week's big stake at Ingleslde
Park two nominations were received from
Locker & Lyons of Los Angeles. The
dogs are Moloch and Dick L, and will be
in the running to-morrow. The prize
money totals $730. Of this $110 goes to the
winner, $75 to the runner up, $50 third,
three at $35 each, six at $20, twelve at $12 50
and twenty-four at $5. The draw resulted
as follows: ' :-s'-
Bartel Brothers' Beer Brewer vs. J. P.
Thrift's Forgive: A. Ohmeyer's Accidental vs.
H. A. Deekelman's Pet Klrby; Murphy &
Toland's Tea Rose vs. T. J. Cronin's Hose «1
Tralee; Handy & Smith's Victor vs. J. Seg-
Berson's White Chief; Kay & Trant's Charlotta
vs. II Lynch'a Loiierer; T. J. Cronin's Thorn
hill vs. J. Byrne's Nellie B; Handy £• Smith'a
Petronius va J. Seggerson's Candelarla: Bar
tel Brothers' Mac's Melody vs. T. a. Gaffeney's
Sir John Arnot; Bartel Brothers' Winning
Style vs. Lowe & Thompson's St. Gran; J.
Perry's Black Chief vs. A. Ohmeyer's Fleet
foot; J. Dean's Belle of Anderson vs. M. B.
Kavanagh's The Earl; Sebein & Daily's Shy
lock Boy vs. J. Byrne's Olympus: J. O'Shea's
Young America vs. .1. Quane's Marietta; H.
Lynch's Lexington vs. Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Miss Penman; B. D. Fallon's Lily of the
West vs. J. Byrne's Eleven Spot: D. Shannon's
Soubrette vs. T. J. McHugh'a Moms Rose; K.
Ready's Chauncy vs. G. Abercromble's Irtna;
J. Perry's Commodore Xash vs. Sheppard &
Powers' Matchless; S. Hanson's L. S. Conley
vs. li A. Deckelman's Flyaway; Connell
Brothers' Mamie Pleasant vs. D. Ford's
Juanita; T. Cooney's Modesty vs. A. Ohmeyer's
Rosebud; R. Prin*le's Honor Bright vs. J.
Ke.'nun's Royal Oak; E. Maloney's Precita
Girl vs. J. Bradshaw's Hazel Dell; J. SeKger
son's Gold Hill vs. J. Keenan's Black Lock: T.
J. Cronln'a Arab vs. J. Mooney's Silent Treas
ure; Murphy £.- 'Inland's Ornament vs. T. J.
Cronln'a Wild Tralee: T. .T. McHugh's Maid of
the Mill vs. T. Abercrombie's Victor Kins;
Curtis & Son's Cash vs. Sebein & Daily's
Gypsy: Kay & Trant's Christmas Day vs. T.
Sullivan's Maid of the Hill; Murphy & Toland's
Pleasant Girl vs. T. .1. McHugh's Empress:
Handy & Smith's Mona vs. A. A. Duncan's
Royal Chief; M. B. Kavanaßh's Hard Lines
vs. J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory; J. Kenan's
Royal Buck vs. E. M. Kellogg's lowa Girl:
Handy & Smith's Lady Hugo vs. Kay &
Trant's Eclipse; J. . Ferris' Cleopatra vs.
Murphy & Toland's Twilight Jr.; M. B. Kava
ftaghs Swedish vs. K. M. Kellogg's Hummer:
Locker & Lyon's Moloch vs. T. Cooney's Black
Hawk; W. C. Glasson's Terronite vs. K. Bau
meißter's Winning Ways; Bennet & Perl's Ray-
Dell vs. J. H. Snencer's Miss Manila; W. C.
Olasson'a Border's Valentine vs. S. A. Portal's
Gallagher; J. McCormlck's Primrose vs. .1. I.
O'Brien's Statesman; J. Ronnln^'s Dempsey
Lass vs. D. Ford's Bonlta; C. Peach's Lady
Peach vs. A. Masoey's Hadlwlst; J. Anthony's
Patriot vs. Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal; H.
Pinkham's Newsboy vs. A. Massey's Hot' Stuff;
Russell Allen & Wilson's Lady Herschel vs.
R. B. Moorehead's Slippers; P. C. Blick's Fe
dora VS. K. Baumeister's Warrior: Kay &
! Trant's Diana vs. Locker & Lyons' Dick L,
4—»—t—♦—«?—♦—s>—»~<3—♦—^-♦-■€> ♦ 4>-»-<s>-»-O
prised to find that the house had been en
tered during their absence and the follow
ing articles of Jewelery taken: Two soli
taire diamond rings, a diamond collar-but
ton, a diamond brooch, one gold necklace,
a pair of gold bracelets and two gold
rings, one set with diamonds and the
other with pearls. The money which they
stole was found in a bureau drawer,
which they forced open with a "jimmy."
-•-.
INJURED BY AN ELEVATOR.
Serious Accident to Benjamin Bar
nett, an Expresman. While
Delivering- Goods.
Benjamin Barnett, an exptessman, liv
ing at 1022 Capp street, was srriously in
jured yesterday morning by an elevator
in the auction rooms of Davis, Belau &
Co., 115 Bush street.
]I<i-w the accident happened Is at present
a mystery, ;is Barnett has been uncon
scious since and as no one was near him
at the time. He was delivering goods at
the auction rooms and had been struck on
the back of the bead by the elevator.
Up was taken to the Receiving Hospital
in the ambulance, where it was found that
he was suffering from a contusion on the
back of the head and injuries to his spine.
The probability is that he will be a crip
ple for life.
MRS. HEARST'S DENIAL.
She Has No Intention of Selling Her
Homestake Interest.
Mrs. Plu-be Hearst was seen yesterday
in regard to the dispatch from Deadwood,
S. U., stating that it was her intention to
Bell her interest in the famous Home
stake mine. The lady denied most posi
tively that there is a word of truth in the
statement:
"1 have never had thp slightest inten
tion of selling my Interest of any portion
thereof. It is a valuable property, and I
have no desire to dispose of it. That is
one j)ie 1( of property that I would not
dispose of, and besides it has been quoted
at one-half its actual value."
Awaiting Idaho TToops.
Adjutant General Weaver, who accom
panied Governor Steunenberg of Idaho to
this city to await the arrival of the Idaho
volunteers, received word yesterday from
Adjutant General Corbin that the trans
port Grant would arrive in this city on or
about the 2Sth lnst. There is a large
number of Idaho people now in this city
waiting for the transport, and Adluta.it
General Weaver wishes them to leave
HotH so that they may be summoned -he
moment the boat is sichted. The usual j
tootlntj of whistles and sirens will an
nounce her arrival, and It is the intention
ol the Idaho delegation that nothing they
can do shall be left undone in providing
a fitting reception for their heroes
— ■ ♦ . ,
Stricken With Paralysis.
Charles Claveau, an operator of the fire I
alarm system, was riding with Chief Sul
livan yesterday morning: from Engine 2 to I
the City Hall. As they drove along
Market street Claveau remarked that his
left side was getting numb. When they I
reached the hall Claveau was unable to !
move and a physician from the Receiving
Hospital was summoned, who found that
his left side was paralyzed. .He was sent
to his home, 973 Lombard street, in the
unbalance.
—■ ♦ ■
Struck a Woman.
William K. Bavagff, a prize-figrhter, last
night visited a saloon on Stevenson street
and meeting a woman named Ora Jone«,
with whom he formerly lived, insisted
that she should go with him. The woman '
refused, whereupon Savage struck her in ,
the face, cutting a deep gash in her cheek. ;
Two policemen afterward arrested Savage i
and locked him up in the City Prison on
charges of battery and drunkenness.
— . m ■ ...
Metholver Arraigned.
LONG BEACH, Aug. 24.— E. V. Me- I
tholver, the man who shot and killed ,
pretty Dorothy McKee on the beach on I
the morning of July 25 last, impelled
by jealousy, had his preliminary ex- j
amination before Justice Roseranze
here this morning: and was held on mo
tion of District Attorney Rives f«r
murder without bonds. He pleaded not
guilty. He has almost entirely recov
ered from the wound inflicted upon
himself in an attempt to commit sui
side.
MORE REGIMENTS
TO BE ORGANIZED
At Least One Will Be Composed of
Negro Soldiers Commanded by
Regular Army Officers.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— A Sun special
from Washington says: Orders for the
enlistment of more volunteer regiments
will be issued soon by the War Depart
ment. The quota of 35.000 enlisted men
for the volunteer army authorized by Con
gress has been nearly exhausted, and only
four regiments can be obtained from the
remainder, nearly f.OOO men. At least one
of the new volunteer regiments will be
composed of negroes. Black soldiers have
given such good service that there is now
! no fear that they will prove unsatisfac-
I tory if placed under officers of the regular
Whether the military authorities will
1 organize more than two new regiments
of volunteers cannot bo ascertained, but
it was said at the department to-day that
the Question of whether it is advisable
to enlist more than one negro regiment
was under consideration.
Two battalions each of the Twrnty
fouith and Twenty-fifth Infantry Regi
ments, both composed of negroes, are
now In the Philippines, and during, their
short service have done excellent work.
Tin- ability of the negro to withstand the
hurd.ships in a tropical climate is one of
the principal reasons why the department
has determined to organize at least one
regiment composed of men of that race.
The colonel and other field officers or
this regiment will be taken from the reg
ular army, but no information Is obtain
able as to whether any of the other offi
cers will be i.egroes. Twenty-threu regi
ments of volunteers have been organized
or are now in progress of organization.
Three of these, including one regime.nt of
: cavalry, are being tormed in the Philip
pines from discharged men of the regular
and volunteer services.
The army reorganization which pro
' vided for the enlistment of tk.,000 regulars
! and 35,000 volunteers, apparently pre
i scribes that three of the volunteer regi
ments shall be composed of expert marks
'■■ mon and horsemen, and shall be orga
' nlzed as cavalry, either mounted or dis
i mounted. This provision was inserted on
account of the excellent service rendered
by Roosevelt's Rough Riders, a regiment
j composed of men familiar with the horse
I and the rifle. Should it be decided to en
list the full volunteer strength authorized
1 some of the new regiments will probably
j be organized as cavalry.
FUTURITY STARTERS.
Horses and Jockeys Listed for the
Sheepshead Bay Classic.
NEW YORK. Aug. 24.— The list of start
ers and Jockeys, so far as known, in the
i grrat Futurity race at Sheepshead Bay on
j Saturday is ;is follows:
Pierre Lorillard'B David Garrlck. Plggott;
George X Smith's Prestidigitator, Slmms;
Green B. Morris' Modrine, Hullman; Bromley &
> Co "8 Iroquois, O'«'onnor; Kugene Leigh's King
1 Bramble; \V. H. Clark's The Scotchman, Odom;
i Green B Monls' Water Kin*; Fred Burlew's
: Tristan Belle; .T. Boden'9 Okotee, Hennessy;
I Marcus Daly's St. finnan, Dupee; James Fer
-1 fcuson's Musette, Clayton; J. .T. Hyland's
Brigadier, Burns; Oldeon & Daly's Erwln,
■ Hill- f>sr.>ola stable's Plucky, H. ]>ewip; «.
c EustW Knleht of Rhodes. O'l^eary: James
; a. Rowe's Chacornac, McCue; John !■: Mad
! den'B Gulden, Taral; John K. Maddens Ten
derloin, Clawson: .lames R. Keene'a Doublet,
Bpenrer; James R. Keene'a Virginia Karie.
Maber; John McOaflertr's Homespun; 8. s.
Brown's Mauvllla: <;: D. Wilson's Mordellno;
Mrs. B. McClelland' s Fleckno.
The latter four are probably starters.
but have not yet arrived on the Long
Inland track. Killashandra, if she starts.
I will he ridden by Clawson. James Rowe'fl
I Chacornac, whose only start this s'-asin
] was in an over-night purse at Saratoga,
; will probably go to the post a strong
! favorite.
Pl#gue Closes Schools.
OPORTO, Portugal, Auf?. 24.— Owing
to the prevalence of the bubonic plague
In Oporto, the Prefect of Police has
Issued an order dosing the public
schools. Dr. Heppenez is now on his
way hither with 2000 phials of anti
plakue serum. He is coming at the re
quest of Princess Eugenic of Olden
burgr, president of the Prussian Society
for Combating the Plague.
Riots in Austria.
KLAOENFURT, Austria, Aug. 24.—
Riots broke out here last evening in
front of the palace of the Prince Bishop
and the Landwehr was called to sup
port the police. Later a large crowd
demonstrated in front of the town hall,
demanding the release of a prisoner.
Order was restored by midnight.
New Oil Company
FRESNO, Aug. 24.— Articles of In
corporation of the Morning Star Oil
Company were filed in the County
Clerk's office to-day. The capital stock
', has been placed at $50,000, divided into
2000 shares of the par value of 525. The
directors are: W. H. Shafer, M. Vin
cent, W. B. Good, J. W. Paine and W.
C. Lyons.
Troops for Manila.
SEATTLE, Aug. 24.— The transport
I Athenian sailed for Manila at 11 o'clock
1 to-night. She carried a hundred men
for the Third Cavalry under Captain
George F. Chase of Company D.
WHERE AND HOW
Wall Paper Was First Manufactured
and Used.
While various kinds of printed
| fabrics were known to the people of
I most remote antiquity, it was not until
] the eighteenth century that wall paper
' in anything like its present form came
! into common use in Europe, though it
appears to have been used much earlier
in China. A few rare examples which
may be as early as the sixteenth cen
! tury exist in England, but these are
I imitations, generally in "flock," of the
I old Florentine and Genoese cut velvets,
! and hence the style of the design in no
way shows the date of the wall paper,
the same traditional patterns being re
produced with little or no change for
many years. It was not till the end of
the last century that the machinery to
make paper in long strips was invent
ed. Up to that time wall papers were
printed on small square pieces of hand
made paper and were very expensive.
On this account wall paper was slow
in superseding the older mural decora
tions, such as tapestry, stamped leather
and pi.p er cloth.
A work printed in London in 1744
throws some light on the use of wall
papers at that time:
"The method of printing wall papers
of the better sort is probably the same
now that it has ever been. Wooden
blocks with the design rut in relief, one
for each color, are applied by hand,
after being dipped in an elastic cloth
sieve charged with wet tempera pig
ment great care being taken to lay
each block exactly on the right place,
so that the various colors may 'register'
lor fit together. In order to suit the
! productions of the paper mills these
! blocks are made in England 21 inches
wide and in France IS inches wide.
The length of the block is limited to
what the workman can easily lift with
one hand— two feet being about the
limit, as the blocks are necessarily
thick, and in many cases made heavier
by being inlaid with copper, especially
the thin outlines, which, if made of
wood, would not stand the wear and
tear of printing.
"In 'flock' and gold and silver print
! ing the design is first printed in strong
! size, the flock (finely cut wool of the re
'■ quired color), or metallic powder, is
then sprinkled by hand all over the
paper; it adheres only to the wet size,
and is easily shaken off the ground or
unsized part. If the pattern is required
j to stand out in some relief the process
' is repeated several times and the whole
i paper then rolled to compress the flock.
! Cheaper sorts of paper are printed by
machinery, the design being cut on the
i surface of wooden rollers under which
] the paper passes. The chief drawback
to this process is that all the colors are j
applied rapidly one after the other j
without allowing each to dry separately |
as is done in hand painting. A some- |
what blurred appearance is usually the
result." — Paper Trade.
■ ♦ ■ —
MULTIPLICITY
Of Duties That People Crowd Upon
the Policeman.
The big policeman at the foot of the
stairway leading frc.-m the street to the
Reading Kailroad's Spring Garden
street station had just finished telling
that a guardian of the peace had more j
things to attend to in the line of his
official duties than appeared on the sur
face, when a good-looking young
woman, pushing a baby carriage, in
which was seated an infant of perhaps |
eight or ten months, approached him.
"Would you mind seeing that no one J
bothers the baby while I run up to the |
station?" she asked.
The officer's face took on a stern ex
pression.
"What do you want to go up to the
station for?" he questioned severely.
"To see the trains go by?"
"Oh, no," was the reply, "I just want
a time table."
"Humph," responded the bluecoat,
"I'll go up and get the time table for
you. Just wait and see that no one
bothers the baby yourself."
But the young woman was halfway
up the ste"ps by this time and there
was no-thing for the policeman to do
but stand by the baby carriage until
she returned. She was gone a little
longer, apparently, than she should
have been just to obtain a time table,
and the officer's evident anxiety in
creased Avith each passing moment.
Finally, however, she came tripping
down the steps.
"Thank you, very much," she ex»
claimed sweetly to the policeman, pre
paring to push the baby carriage up
the street. "I suppose you were afraid
that I was going to get aboard a train
and leave the baby on your hands,
weren't you?"-
The bluecoat muttered something to
the effect that he never had any such
thought, and the young woman de
parted.
"She was right, though, in thinking
that you were afraid she was going to
desert the infant," I said. "Come, now,
cnvn up. Wasn't sHe?"
The policeman grinned an expansive
grin.
"Well," he finally answered, "there is
a good deal of that sort of thing going
on, you know, and we can't be too care
ful. Remember what I was tilling you
about the multiplicity of a policeman's
duties, don't you?"
With which query he strolled on down
the street, swinging his club and softly
whistling a bar of "Pack Your Trunk
and Go." — Philadelphia Inquirer.
NEW AMUSEMENT
Discovered by a Man With a Jag, at
a Cost of $4 35.
"I gmess the most profitable trip this
car ever made for the company was one
it made a few nights ago."
The speaker was the conductor on an
Eleventh street trolley car.
"The Incident happened along about 1
a. m., just as I was making my last run.
There were but two or three passengers
on the car, when a well-dressed young
fellow, who looked as If he had money
to burn and with a 'jag' that must have
cost him considerable to purchase,
climbed aboard. He took a seat back in
the coiner and rode along without saying
anything for a while. Finally, after I
had rung up the fares of a couple more
persons who got on the car, he beckoned
to me.
" 'Musht he— hio— lotsh o' fun to—hie—
ring that cash register." he exclaimed,
loud enough for all the other passengers
to hear, 'ain't o!' — hie— man?'
"I told him that 1 had never found it
very funny.
"''Thatsh b'raush y'o— hie— gettin' paid
fr't.' he rejoined. 'It'd be diff'rnt 'f had
t'— hie— pay fr't y'rshelf.'
"I laughingly answered that I didn't
know, lie pondered a minute.
" 'Shay,' he exclaimed at last, reaching
in his pocket and pulling out a $."> bill,
which he handed me. 'jusht— hie— keep
count, will you, and when I get tired
rlngin' 'em up, jusht— hie— gimme the
change.'
"Then he made a grab for the ensh reg
ister bellcord and. steadying himself with
one hand, proceeded to yank it vigorous
ly making funny cracks all the time.
The other passengers laughed and en
couraged him. and before he grew tired
of the sport he had rung up $4 35 worth
of fares.
" 'Here's your change. I said, when he
sat down again. 'How'd you like it?'
"He took'the 65 cents without a mur
mur and shoved it in his pocket. Then
he winked at me gravely.
" 'Sh' all right. Never had sh much
fun f'r sh 1 little money in all my life
hie—life. Try her ag'n shome— hie— time.
Good night.'"
"The next instant he was asleep. —Phil
adelphia Inquirer.
TRAVEL MANY MILES AN HOUR.
Have you ever thought of the distance
you travel while you are out for an hour's
stroll?
Possibly you walk three miles in an
hour, but that does not represent the dis
tance you travel. The earth turns on its
axis every twenty-four hours. In round
figures call the ' earth's circumference
"4 i mX) miles, and you must have traveled
during your hour's stroll a thousand miles
in the axial turn of the earth.
But this is not all. The earth makes a
journey around the sun every year. Put
the distance of our planet from the sun
at P2 OQO .OOO- miles, and the circumference
described by the earth 575.000.000 miles.
In other words, the earth travels around
the sun each day 1,584.000 miles, and every
hour— for instance, the hour during *vhieh
you took your walk— the earth moved
through 66,000 miles.
So. adding your three miles of leg travel
to the hour's "axial movement of the earth,
this to the earth's orbital journey, anrl
that again to the earth's excursion with
the sun and you will find you have trav
eled within the hour 86.930 miles.-New
York World.
■ ♦ »
Thowing It in His Teeth.
He— To hear you tell it. one would think
T never told a single truth before we were
married.
She— Well, you did prevaricate to a con
siderable extent, but T'll give you credit
for having told me the truth once.
He— Indeed! And when was that, pray?
She— 'When you proposed. Don't you re
member you "said you were unworthy of
me?— Chicago News.^
A toboggan slide in St. Moritz, Switz
erland, extends three-quarters of a
mile and is said to be the longest in
the world. The descent has been made
in seventy-one seconds.
DR. MEYERS & CO. CURE Lost Vigor, Premature Decay, Unnatural Losses,
Wasting Drains, Nervous Debility, Stricture. Rupture. Tumors. Varicocele, Private
Diseases, Eczema, Cancer, Sleeplessness, Rheumatism. Neuralgia. Kidney Dis-
eases, Bladder Diseases, Spine Diseases. Liver Diseases. Heart Diseases, Blood
Diseases, Skin Diseases, Stomach Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear Diseases, Lung
Diseases, Rectal Diseases.
I~~5hZ~~ FAY WHEN CURED.
lf a patient has any doubt about being
/^M^^^^j^^^^Q^\^^^\ cure <t ne ma deposit the price of a cure
('is? \ 1 lip _Jf ■ ¥ $I^^ \in an y a/? * in an Francisco, to be paid
I®* <2^gj I Jjvjl <5| j *«yfi? F Ito DR. MEYERS & CO. after he is en-
\ A Jfc&l 1 'Sm JZtl I \il^M j\tirely well. If it is not convenient to do
\ ANvtL A 'iJESalftr A '**-tf^^ / tnis P a y men t m °y be made in weekly or
|k_^Jffir#^L^^^Tff^SL^*^ -^* mon thly installments.
CONSULTATION FREE.
FREE BOOK— HOME CURES— If you cannot call, write for private book, diagnosis
sheet, free advice, prices and other particulars. Thousands of men cured every year
who have never seen the doctors. Consultation free. All correspondence confidential.
No printing on envelopes or packages to indicate name of sender.
I>H. MEYERS & CO. treat nothing but diseases and weakness of men. They have
the largest and best equipped medical institute and the most extensive practice in
America. MEYERS & CO., .731 "SHE? 1
DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 "K3F-
TAKE ELEVATOR. Hours, Bto 5 daily ; Evenings, 7to 8; Sundays 9to it
RESCUE OF IE
GOLD HUNTERS
Lieutenant Jarvis Files
His Report.
COMMANDED CUTTER BEAR
FORTY-EIGHT PEOPLE KNOWN
TO HAVE DIED.
Two Hundred and Fifty Survivors
Taken Out From Kotzebue
and Provided With Neces
sary Food.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.— Captain Shoe
maker of the revenue cutter service to
day received a report from Lieutenant D.
H. Jarvis, the commander of the revenue
cutter Bear, containing an account of th«
rescue of the gold-seekers who rushed
into the Kotzebue gold country, Alaska,
in th«; summer of 1898. Lieutenant Jarvis
was taking the Bear north to Cape Bar
row on her regular trip. At Cape Prince
of Wales he learned of the awful destitu
tion which had overtaken the go]d-seeker3
at Kotzebue Sound. On arrival there ha
found a terrible condition 01 affairs. Men
had died of starvation, scurvy and by
drowning, and he obtained a list of forty
eight deaths. But the list is by no means
complete. This list has been published in
the Associated Press dispatches. Over
10W of the gold-seekers had wintered
there. The Bear, alter relieving as much
of the distress as possible and leaving
stores, lime juice, etc.. for the survivors,
took eighty-two of the survivors to St.
Michael, where they were turned over 10
the military authorities. Lieutenant Jarvis'
report is dated July 30 at St. Michael. He
reported, that he left between 225 and 2io
survivors at Kotzebue Sound. He in
formed the department that lie would pro
ceed to Cape Barrow and upon his return
would touch at Kotzebue Sound and pick
up any who desired to return with him.
Lieutenant Jarvis says: "First Lieuten
ant Bcrtholf and Surgeon Hawley were
sent to the camp at liotham inlet. They
returned with thirty-two sick and conva
lescent, all affected with scurvy. Some of
these were in very low condition, and the
chances are that some of them would not
have survived many days without rnrdi
cine. From 225 to 250 people are still in
the camp. Some had plenty of food and
means of paying their way out.
••Returning to the camp Lieutenant
Bertholf and the surgeon brought off all
those In a destitute condition or without
means— forty-eight men, two women and
an infant, making eighty-three persona
in all taken from the camp. It was not
possible to take any more at that time,
but assurance was given the people ashore
that if they did not succeed in getting
away before the vessel's return they
would be taken out by the Bear. There
were plenty of provisions for the use of
those remaining, many of them having a
year's outfit, and the only sick person
remaining was a Mrs. Smith, whose cas«
was so serious that she could not be
moved. _
"The rush of people to Kotzebue Sound
■was a sad. deplorable affair. Misled by
false information and advertisements,
1200 people, many totally unfitted to stand
hard conditions and climate, rushed to
the country during the open season of 189*.
During the winter no gold whatever was
found, and in the spring they sought every
means of escaping from the region, and
in so doing: many lost their lives."
"1 apprehend also that many of those
who started coasting along the shore for
Cape Nome may have lost their lives in
the Ice and bad weather."
Lieutenant Jarvis. who accomplished tho
rescue of the sold seekers at Kotzebua
Sound, is the revenue marine officer who
in the -winter of ISH7-9S led a relief expedi
tion from Tur.miak, 200 miles below St.
Michael, to Point Barrow. Over 1500 miles
of snow and ice in the dead of winter h«
pushed an expedition for the relief of th<»
ice-imprisoned whalers at Point Barrow.
He arrived there with nearly 500 reindeer
after four months of almost indescribable
hardships. It was the only Arctic relief
expedition ever attempted in midwinter.
For his heroism nn that occasion the Pres
ident recommended that Congress givo
him a vote of thanks stnd award him a
gold medai.
Blood Thicker Th*n Water.
That it exists there ran be no doubt.
Even to people on this side of the Atlan
tic it is apparent: and those who, like my
self, have lately passed through th«
United States can testify as to its inten
sity and spontaneity. The cause which
has produced it is not far to seek. A
greater sympathy and friendship has been
apparent* for two or three years. Even,
the excitement about the Venezuelan dis
pute failed to disturb it: and when it
looked as if Continental Europe was dis
posed to enter the contest between the
United States and Spain, not so much in
defense of Spanish interests as with a
view of humiliating: the United States,
there appeared a genuine sympathetic
interest which extended from the man in,
the street to the Cabinet Minister at
Whitehall. We pitied the fall of Spain,
bur «ye could not help feeling that our
kinsmen were taking up the cause for
which this country in the past has spent
so much and made such gigantic sacri
fices. As became a neutral, we were un
moved spectators of events, until that
whisper arose which stirred us all to our
depthfl.
When it became evident that an in
trigues was on foot to thi-uw a Latin alli
ance into arms against the United States
the voice of Grent Britain was unmis
takably heard and we showed plainly that
in such an event Great Britain must ba
reckoned with, any attempt to wrest from
our kinsmen the gains won by her sons
ashore :md afloat by a combination or
Continental Europe would have to mccl
the whole Anglo-Saxon race in armed
alliance. The storm passed, but that little
proof of our sincerity did more than a
torrent of words to establish cordial rela
tions between th" United States and Great
Britain. Our kinsmen realized for the first
tima what we have never doubted over
here. that, differ as we may between our
selves, neither of us would ever see ths
flag of Anglo-Saxon freedom dipped on
either side of the Atlantic to an over
whelming combination of Continental Eu
rope-Lord Charles Beresford in the Pall
Mall Magazine.
'. ♦ .
According to the Paris police there
has been a marked increase of late in
the number of women thieves In that
city. It seems they cannot resist the
temptations offered by the displays In
the large shops.ST. SURE FOR PRESIDENT
OF THE GRAND COUNCIL
INSTtTLTE
ELECTION AT
SANTA CRIZ
Place for Holding the Next
Meeting Has Not Been
Decided.
THE BALLTSDCCESS
Will Abandon Two Days
of Pleasure and Hurry Home
to Greet Volunteers.
Special Dlsratch to Th» Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 24.-The chief
business at to-day's session of the
Grand Council, Young Men's Insti
tute, was the election of officers.
The fight was a lively one. and there
were many aspirants in the field.
The first officer chosen was grand
chaplain. Past President John J. Lynch
named Father Slattery of Napa, and he
was chosen by acclamation.
For grand president Rev. Father Slat
tery nominated Judge St. Sure of Ala
meda, seconded by T. Kelly. Anthony
Fchwamm of Los Angeles was placed in
nomination by James Gallagher, seconded
by Father Clifford. Judge St. Sure was
elected.
Other officers were chosen as follows:
L. E. Mahone of Eureka, grand first vice
president.
D. J. O'Leary of Mission Council No 3,
grand second vice president. . •
George A. Stanley of San Francisco,
grand secretary.
W. T. Aggeler of San Jose, grand treas
urer.
F. J. Dunn of San Francisco, grand out-
W side sentinel.
T. J. Iloran, grand inside sentinel.
E. J. Sweeney of Livermore, grand
marshal.
Grand directors— T. "W. Kelley. Santa
Cruz; "William Mahoney, Sacramento; J.
J. O'Toole. R. J. Pollard. E. R. Myrlck,
J. J. Dunleavy- Thomas Collins and J. J.
O'Reilly of- San Francisco.
The newly elected officers were installed
by Supreme President Frank Kierce.
After extending votes of thanks to the
Young Ladies* Institute, the Catholic La
dles' Aid Society, Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Pix
ley. F. A. Hihn & Co. and the press, and
a special vote to the local council. No. 12,
the Grand Council adjourned sine die.
The place and time of holding the next
mooting will be decided by the board of
directors.
The grand ball in the evening was a
big succes-s. Seldom has the Armory pre
sented a better appearance.
Notwithstanding the change in time the
gathering was a large one. Shortly after
8 o'clock the grand march was formed.
It was led by Samuel Hasklns of San
OH GWIH RETURNS
TO SANTA BARBARA
Will Go Back to Maine j
for His Trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BANTA BARBARA, Aug. 24.— Dr. WW
;. Gwin is back to Santa Barbara
•y again, from which he was so cun
kidnaped about three weeks ago by
tta police inspectors.
i iwin, who was a dentist of Fall River,
-.. divorced a young wife in that city
followed it up by a midnight elope
■ and marriage to Miss Eva May
■ of Fall River and rushed across the
ent to make his home in Los An
and incidentally to evade the Massa
•ts law, which prohibits him mar
g • r two yean after the divorce.
His angry father-in-law dispatched a ;
c inspector and lawyer to carry him
cbusetts, and he was ar-
Sheriff Stewart and
iy Jail until the Eastern offi
ame out.
After a lone legal fight in regard to ex
± -adition before the Governor he was
; p<_-d to a small town outside of Lo.s
Angeleß and taken aboard an overland
train for the East.
Miss Lake, or Mrs. Gwin. as she loves
called, remained at Santa Maria,
the childhood home of Gwin and the pres- |
ent hume of his father. He had his pri -
liminarv hearing In Dover. Maine, and In j
default of $2000 bonds was lodged In jail.
The senior Gwin had followed his son
East, and by some good fortune succeeded
•ing to Maine a day before the offl
and their prisoner. He Immediately
red counsel for his son. and the facts
- case were spread. Public sentiment
turned to the side of the young doctor
and asrainst the angry father-in-law who
was dragging the name of his daughter \
the newspapers. |
<"> n the 15th inst. the prisoner appeared ;
- f.-vmmifsioner Simpson In Bar.gcr,
where a motion for the reduction of
the ball was argued. The Commissioner |
prompt./ reduced the bail to $300. The |
Gwin gave a cash bail and the
doctor was released and in a very
I time was on his way to his heart
broken wife in California. Dr. Gwin
i that his enemies in the East per
tly declared that if he was released |
:i he would make for parts unknown, \
»>ut he mates that he will be in Dover on ;
time for his trial and give the lie to those j
who hay*> 1 him.
Th« prosecution led by the fatner-m
--law i'ntenn to allege that Dr. Gwin hyp- j
a Miss Eva U-ike, and by pure
l wonderful mentality made the un
- oung woman fall at his feet.
their lawyer and the one who
A .v.^.l the doctor to Santa Barbara and
to legal affairs bere, Ims KHid
that he Will allege that. Mis? I~ike was
not what whe ought to be mentally, that
<Oi<- wp.s ill and that the wily hypnotist
toofe .advantage of her confidence and
sympathetic nature. Dr. Gwin looks hag
gard and worn from his long journey
across the continent and the strain upon
lis nerves while in prison. Mrs. Gwin
rhat Phe shall never give up her
and and will stick to him through
thick and thin, no matter whether her
father has him thrown in prison or not.
ASKS HEAVY DAMAGES.
Mrs. Lowe Sues the Proprietors of a
Rooming House.
:TA CRUZ. Aug. 24.— A $10,000 dam
■jit was filed against George Staffler
Br. and Mrs. Clara Staffler in the Superior
Court to-day by Mrs. Sarah A. Lowe. She
■.• that on July 11 she was a guest a:
:.fr ndants" rooming house on Church
, and on account of their careless
. ■! negligence fell through an un
- .-I ;md unprotected hallway on trie
• floor down a flight of stairs, and as
nil her left arm was broken between
th»> wrist and elbow, her wrist badly
sprained and her body much bruised and
cut in about a dozen places.
By reason U the fall her nervous sys
*rm was badly shocked and she has been
;n;ible to pursue her usual occupation of
, tailor and dressmaker. She asks
< 0 damages and $150 which she has
: for medical treatment.
■ ♦ ■
Dear Madam: "Pegamoid" says come;
Tou're welcome. Chronicle building. No, tl.
president of the Young Ladies' Institute.
The committees having charge of the
affair were as follows:
Ball committee— E. Alzina, E. A. Cook,
J. J. Doran. T. F. Leonard, F. McGovern
and Charles J. Gillen.
Reception commltire— Thomas \V. Kelly,
G S. Tait. Henry EClngsley, Joseph Nolan,
James Hamill, K. A. Cook, Edward Kellj .
John Barry. Thomas Galllgan, George
Kennedy, H. Friermuth and M. Fitz
patrick.
Floor committee— John H. Leonard.
Charles J. Gillen, J. J. Doran. John T.
Stanton, Frank D. Ryan. Henr> C. Hall,
R. P. <juinn. D. F. Leddy, William Ken
nedy, C. F. Lynam, Thomas Connors and
.) McCarty.
At 11 o'clock an adjournment was taken
to the St. George Hot^l. where- th» grand
banquet was h.-ld. The tables were ar
raiiEKl in a hollow square, the grand
•a having theKseats of honor.
Thomas W. Kellv. president of Santa
TWENTY BANDIT
SUSPECTS SLAIN
Alleged Act of Cavalry
in Cuba.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TAMPA, Fla., Aug. 24.— Passengers
on the steamer Olivette arriving to
night from Havana report the particu
lars of an affair occurring at Gibara,
news of which, it is alleged, was cen
sored by the Government authorities.
Juan A. Calderon, formerly Judge at
Gibara but recently removed by the
military authorities, brought to Ha
vana the report of the killing, by the
Tenth Cavalry, of twenty men suspect
ed of being bandits. Calderon states
he was removed from his post because
he attempted an investigation of this
wholesale killing. He says for some
time Ernest Russell, captain in the
Rural Guards, and Lieutenant Venegas.
at the head of the detachment of the
Tenth Cavalry, have been unlawfully
arresting many persons well known in
Gibara to be of good character on
charges of a flimsy nature.
A few days ago sp-ldiers, according to
Caideron's story', shot twenty of these
suspects in cold blood, giving as the
only reason they were afraid the pris
oners per contemplating an attempt to
escape. Calderon gives the list of men
thus killed, who were all reputable citi
zens, he says, of that section. Calderon
also says that because they attempted
to investigate the crimes Judges of
Holguin. Gibara, Mayari and Puerto
Farde have been suspended by the
American authorities and that on the
matter being carried to General Wood
he sustained the actions of the au
thorities in suspending the Judge?.
The story told by Calderon has caused
much comment in Havana and an in
vestigation will be made at once. Pas
sengers on the Olivetti state that press
dispatches relating to the matter were
stopped by the authorities and the gen
eral impression is that the killing did
occur as told. Another report which
reached Havana from the scene was to
the effect that twenty suspects were
lined up and shot by th« detnchment of
cavalry without trial. The victims, ac
cording to this later story, were ar
rested on suspicion of belonging to a
gang of bandits which has been com
mitting depredations about Gibara.
WINTERS RESENTENCED.
Showed Symptoms of Insanity When
Brought Into Court.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 24.— Harry
■Winters, the Baden murderer, appeared
this morning before Judge Buck and was
resentenced to be hanged.
He plainly showed the effects of his
close confinement at Folsom. He appear
ed pale and haggard and had a wild look
about him. From his rambling, discon
nected speech before the court, it is evi
dent that he desired to produce the im
pression that he was mentally unsound.
He roundly abused Sheriff Mansfield and
Warden Charles Aull, and the jury that
convicted him.
BAD RAILWAY WRECK.
An Entire Train Goes Into the River i
Mapocha in Chile.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Aug. 24.— A j
great railway accident occurred here to
day An entire passenger train fell into
the River Mapocha, which runs through
the city, and many lives were lost. Al
though" the tremendous storms that have
been raging for a fortnight throughout
Chile continue, there has been some abate- I
ment Advices from various points mdi- j
rate widespread distress and misery. Val
paraiso and other cities have suffered
severely.
A great number of new paintings added to
Gump's Art Gallery, 113 Geary at. •
THE SAN FEANCISGO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 25, 1899.
Cruz Council, presided as toasimaster
and ar.nuunced the toasts, which were as
follows:
"Our City," Mayor "W. H. Lamb: "The
M s Institute." Grand President
Samuel lltskins of San Francisco; "The!
Church. •• Father Clifford of Los Angeles: |
"The Nation," Supreme President Frank ;
.1 Klerce of Ban Francisco: "Santa Cruz
Council," .!. H. Leonard; "The Missions,"
Father McNamee of Santa Cruz: "Good i
Citizenship." Grand President Judge St. |
if Alameda; "The Y. M. I. and the
Army. ' ree D. Pyne of Virginia City,
Nev.; "The Ladles," Frank D. Ryan of
Sacramento.
The committee which had charge, of the
banquet were: George Tait, J. J. Doran, :
.! M. Walsh, J. H. Leonard and Edward ;
a. Cook.
The baseball game which was to be
held to-morrow hap been declared off on !
account of the arrival of the California
Volunt-
ENGLISHMEN VISIT
CHINESE THIBET
Obtain Much Valuable
Information.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Wash., Aug. 24.— The
steamship Kinshui Maru brings news
that two Englishmen, E. Amendesen
and J. Bonin, have just traversed Chi
nese Thibet, situated in Szechuan prov
ince. This country has heretofore been
closely guarded, no Europeans having
previously penetrated it.
Amendesen and his companion
brought much interesting information.
Everything in this part of Thibet bears
the stamp of poverty. The moral status
of the people is much above that of
their wealthier neighbors of the adjoin
ing provinces. Robbers are unknown,
and travel is safe. The roads are
mountainous and baggage animals are
scarce. This Thibetan district is di
vided into two kingdoms — Mill and
Chalag. Supreme authority in each
kingdom is vested in a priest king. The
King of Mili spends his time between
thre>i different Lamaseries, the princi
pal one b^ing Mill Genchen, where 300
lamas live. Three days before reach
ing this place Amendesen met the King
at his Wajin Lamasery and was court
eously received. The King stated that
his people were poor but honest. He
rules them with an iron hand, severely
punishing all wrongdoing. The king
dom of Chalag is more populous and
wealthy. Gold is known to exist in pay
ing quantities. The Chinese attempted
to work it, but the Thibetans rose
against them, driving them out with
loss.
In Chalag Amendesen passed a large
cave which the natives claimed was five
days' journey in extent. People are pro
hibited from entering it because many
who formerly ventured in never re
turned to report their adventures.
Crossing into Yunnan, Amendesen
found the people there to be a mixture
of Chinese and Thibetan, called Moso
by the Chinese. In religion and cus
toms they are Thibetans. The name
of this district is Jang.
From thence he went to the district
of Yunglin a plain full of scattered vil
lages with the usual monastery, where
the King lives. In this instance the
King is not a Lama. The left bank
of the Yangtse Kiang River is reached
a day and a half from this place.
Amendesen's notes will entirely change
the geography of that hitherto un
known region. His remarkable journey
was made with only a Chinese boy and
a Thibetan helper for companions.
GENERAL HALE NO
LONGER A SOLDIER
Order Issued by the War Department
Granting Him an Honorable
Discharge.
"WASHINGTON*. Aug. 24.— An order was
issued at the War Department to-day
honorably discharging from the volunteer
army Brigadier Genera! Irving Hale, to
take effect October 1. General Hale went
to the Philippines as colonel of the First
Colorado, and was made a brigadier gen
eral for gallant service. General Hale 1b
now at San Francisco.
Situation Discouraging.
BOMBAY, Aug. 24.— The financial state
ment presnted to the Bombay Council to
day says it. is thought that only Peccan
and Knrnatik will bo affected by the un
expected break in the rains. It seems like
ly that Guzrat will he the worst off if
thing's continue as they now are, for it
would have to face an exceedingly disas
trous situation.
TRIES TO TAKE
HIS WIFE'S LIFE
San Luis Obispo Man's
Brutal Deed.
THE KNIFE BLADE BREAKS
THIS PROBABLY PREVENTS A I
MURDER.
Couple Had Been Quarreling for
Some Time and the Woman Had
Left Her Husband for
Safety.
Special Disratch to The Call.
SAX LUIS OBISPO, Aug. 24.— San Luis
Obispo came close to recording a murder
last night, and it is purely by a fortunate
accident that Mrs. Guadalupe Cordova is
now alive. About 8:15 last evening Mrs.
Cordova was stabbed by her husband
with a small butcher-knife and frightfully
cut about the shoulders and arms. There j
has been trouble in the Cordova family for
several days. Tuesday Guadalupe Cor
dova, or "Lupe," as he was familiarly
known, had some words with his wife and
threatened to kill her. The outcome of it
was that she left their home and went to
the Tweed residence, next door.
Mrs. Cordova feared that her husband
would carry out his threats and kill her. j
and had him arrested on a charge of j
threats against life. Guadalupe was re
leased on Donds. '- _^ ■■- ••■- ■'■'■
He had left his coat at the Tweed
home, and last night knocked at the door
and in response to Mrs. Tweed question
as to what he wanted replied that he de
sired to come in and get his coat. He en
tered and called for his wife, who was in I
bed in an adjoining room. Mrs. Cordova
refused to come out of the room, where
upon Guadalupe dragged her out, drew
from his pocket a small butcher knife
with a blade about five inches in length
and began to stab his wife with it.
His intention evidently was to stab her
over the heart, but as she had her back to
him and was in a corner of the room he !
was unable to strike her on that part of
the body, but stabbed her about the shoul
ders and arms. All that saved Mrs. Cor
dova's life was the breaking of the knife- i
blade. In striking the right shoulder
blade about three inches of the blade of i
the knife was broken off and dropped to
the floor. After the blade was broken
Cordova made several more slashes at his
wife, one of which was on the left side of
the neck. Had the knife-blade not been
broken at that time the jugular vein
would have been severed and death would
have resulted almost instantly. . It is j
thought that the injured woman will re
cover.
Cordova was captured at an early hour \
this morning by Officer Munoz. He had ,
been endeavoring to borrow a pistol from
friends in a saloon to resist arrest.
i ■:■■:■ ■ ' ==
BIG GUNS TESTED
BY ARMY OFFICERS
Captain Clark of the Ordnance De
partment Examining Fortifica
tions Along the Coast.
ASTOr.IA, Or., Aug. 24.— Three of the |
ten-inch disappearing guns mounted at !
Fort Stevens were tested to-day. The
test was made under the supervision of
Captain Clark of the Ordnance Depart- j
ment, who is visiting- the Pacific Coast !
on a special detail for technical exam- '
ination and official report as to the i
completeness and efficiency of all the j
new batteries located along the coast.
Everything connected with the mech- j
anism and ammunition for the guns j
was carefully scrutinized and measured j
before the firing took place.
Captain Clark expressed the highest j
satisfaction with the guns. The day j
was perfect and the test was success
ful in -every respect. The projectile
used was a solid conical shot weighing i
nearly 600 pounds. Two of the guns j
were fired at a range of five and a half ]
miles over the open water. At the
point of impact with the ocean a col
umn of water spouted into the air sev- !
eral hundred feet. Commander Pat
terson aimed the guns and controlled !
the firing squad. The last shot fired I
was aimed at a fixed target, which was
the extreme detached end of some old
piling over the jetty. The range finder
showed the point to be something over ;
three and a half miles from the gun.
When the smoke cleared away it was
found that the bunch of piles had been
fairly struck, one of them being broken j
and carried away.
OWNER OF BLUE JAY
LEFT IN THE LURCH
Miner Employed by Him "Works a j
Few Days and Suddenly
Disappears.
REDDING, Aug. 24.— Jack Graves,
now sole owner of the Blue Jay mine, |
that famous pocket ylelder of Coffee j
Creek, is laying awake nights trying to j
figure out if he. has been robbed. The
yield of the Blue Jay once caused the
largest mining rush that has ever been
experienced in Northern California. Of
late the property has lain idle, appa
rently having ceased yielding. Jack
Graves became sole owner.
He recently decided to drive a tun
nel thirty feet in length to tap the ledge
at a low point. He engaged a big, j
husky young miner, name unknown, to ,
drive the drift. He provided him with
tools and a month's provisions. The
man was working alone three miles |
from the nearest habitation. Jack
Graves decided to visit the property
Thursday. The miner could not be j
found. The energetic fellow had drift
ed for six feet and panned every pound i
of the dirt. He then took some of the \
provisions and made his departure, j
whither no one knows.
It is the uncertainty of the results
of the stranger's panning that is driv- '
ing Jack Graves gray-headed. Did he !
strike a $40,000 pocket, such as the mine
Once before yielded? It is possible.
Time alone will tell.
MAKE DECLARATION
OF INDEPENDENCE
Inhabitants of Acre Territory An
nounce Themselves Free and
Form a Commonwealth.
Special Table to The Call and the New York
Herald Copyrighted. 1599. by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, Aug. 24.— Rio Janeiro j
information from Para announces that
the inhabitants of Acre territory,
claimed by Brazil and Bolivia, proclaimed I
their independence and constituted a new
South American commonwealth. The
Acre territory In question aroused many
comments because of the alleged interfer
ence of the American Minister, Mr.
Bryan.
REVOLUTION A FARCE.
Captured Chiefs in Peru Regret Hay- i
ing Taken Up Arms.
Special Cable to The Call and the N>w York i
Herald. Copyrighted, ISS9, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA. Aug. 24.— Revolutionary chiefs
who have been taken prisoners declare
that their cause found no support in the
towns or among the country people. They
say the revolution is a farce, without ;
plans or money. They will publish an
explanation of how they were misled and ;
induced to revolt. They regret their con- I
duct and beg to be allowed to emigrate to !
Argentine.
HOME AGAIN.— Get the Wasp's souvenir |
of the volunteers" return. Thirty-two
pages of war pictures. For sale at all I
newsdealers, 25 cents. • |
MUMMIES OF AN ANCIENT
RACE FOUND IN A CAVERN
Discovery J^ade by a Scientist During a
SearcK for Indian Relics in Western
Ganada.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. Harlan H. Smith, who represents the Na- ©
tional Museum of New York, has bean on the coast for three months looking- O
up ancient remains and endeavoring to make collections of Indian relics. *o
He arrived here this afternoon from the Harrison Lake; district, where he «
made the strangest find of all— well preserved mummy,' which he says may q
be over a thousand years old. 2*
Two days ago he found the remains of what was without 0
doubt a dead Indian chieftain, and to-day he sent the body forward to New «
York. He was examining some kitchen middens, when he came across a 8
stone bearing a hieroglyphic inscription, and It did not take him long to ascer-
tain that this was the door of a hermetically sealed cave. The cave had been gj
cut out of a strong calcium chloride rock. The body was preserved in just the q
same manner as an Egyptian mummy. Mr. Smith said that to an expert the gj>
marks of peculiarity in preparation were always noticeable. <5
"Decomposition takes place under the skin," said Mr. Smith, "and the jo
cuticle remains hard and will stay that way for ages. A slight lifting of the 8
woven wrappers caused the emanation of the penetrating smell that is al- g
ways noticeable when Egyptian wrappings are first removed. The face and t»
hands were practically black and hard and dry. 3
"I do not suppose that it would have stayed in any other formation of 88
rock but the calcium in which I found it. The sarcophagus had evidently *?
been prepared for four persons, but there were no traces of any others, even &
if they had ever been there. I do not think, either, that the remains are X
those of one .of the tribes of Si-washes, the present coast Indians. The body fc»
was that of a tall man with a high forehead, which is just opposite to the In- O
dians around here of the present day. The ornaments and stone implements So
are different from anything I ever saw in connection with the Siwashes." $
VXSKOKOa Si O S* 8 88 KttSKBB»B3SC£BB3«Ba»B*SS« B «8» 88 O?8OSSO?SO!«
NEW COMMANDERS
FOR BATTLESHIPS
Many Changes Soon to
Go /Into Effect.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.—
A large number of changes in the com
mands of first-rate vessels of the navy i
will occur withing the next two months. |
No word has come from Admiral Samp- j
son as to when he desires to be relieved
from the command of the North Atlantic
squadron. Immediately upon the return
of the Chicago to New York on October 5,
Rear Admiral Howison will be relieved to
await retirement.
Captain A. S. Barker, who succeeded |
Admiral Dewey as commander-ln-chief of
the Asiatic station, will be ordered to duty i
In Washington. Captain P. H. Cooper, I
commanding the. Chicago, may be de
tached and given shore duty. Captain C.
F. Goodrich, commanding the Newark,
has been assigned to relieve Captain S. W. i
Terry, in command of the battleship lowa, j
Captain B. H. McCalla will be placed in \
command nf the Newark. Upon the ar- i
rival of the Boston at San Francisco, |
probably on Sunday. Captain W. H. Whit
ing will be detached and given leave.
Leave will also be given to raptain B. P.
Lamberton, commanding the Olympla, and
to other officers of Admiral Dewey's flag- i
ship.
Immediately after the Dewey celebra
tion, Captain Henry Taylor, commanding |
the Indiana, will be relieved and sue- |
ceeded by Captain F. W. Dickins. acting j
chief of the Bureau of Navigation. Cap
tain F. W. R- t'hadwick. commanding the i
New York, will probably remain in com
maud of that vessel until Admiral Samp-
Bon is relieved. Captain C. D. Slgsbee of i
the Texas will also be shortly relieved. ,
Captain C. J. Barclay, commanding the
monitor Amphitrite, will be detached
within a few weeks.
TROUBLE OVER THE,
SOLDIERS' RAILROAD RATE
S. P. Notifies the Various Lines That
It Can No Longer Abide by
an Agreement.
CHICAGO. Aug. 24.— Passenger officials )
of the Western roads to-day received no- j
tification from the Southern Pacific to
the effect that that line had found it im
possible to carry out the plar for an
equitable distribution of the ea*t-bound
■=oldier traffic from San Francisco. In its
notification the Southern Pacific exploded
a bomb by saying that several of the lines
which had entered into the agreement to
have the business satisfactorily and fairly
distributed were operating with scalpers i
in San Francisco, Omaha and Kansas
City and giving the Philippine campaign- i
ers opportunities to secure rates consid
erably less than those originally agreed
upon 'by all the lines. The agreement now
is regarded as a dead letter, and many
serious complications are expected to arise
as a result of the violation of it.
'The lines drew up a Government-sanc
tioned agreement which fixed a soldier s
rate of $37 50 from the Golden Gate to
Omaha or Kansas City. It was agreed
that the regular rate from the Missouri
River points to this city should be main
tained. Soon after the soldiers began to
return from the Philippines, it is said, the
offending lines began to collaborate with
the brokers in San Francisco and the
Missouri River points. Arrangements
were made whereby the rate from Omaha
was cut fully one-third.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Land Decisions, Army Changes and
List of Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.— The Commis
sioner of the General Land Office has ren
dered a decision rejecting the reopening
i of the case of Robert Gardiner vs. Wil
liam E. Smith, involving land in the Los
Angeles land district. This affirms the
g^S^^Pr^ Charles D. Sk.r
din camp of recruits, and Private Fred
"v Reed, hospital corps, now in general
hospital, Presidio, San Francisco, will be
discharged the service of the united
States by the commanding officer of the
St Major Robert J. Gibson, surgeon,
United States army, will proceed to San
Francisco and report in person to the
commanding general of the Department
of California for assignment to duty as
attending surgeon at San i rancisco and
as medical superintendent of transporta
tiOclpUnakt%TH. Aldrich. Thirty-fifth
Infantry, is relieved from further duty on
recruiting service at San Francisco and
will proceed to join his regiment. _
Acting Assistant Surgeon George
Reeves "White will proceed from New
York City to San Francisco and report in
person to" the commanding general of the
Department of California for assignment
°Pensl6ns-California: Original: Nicho
las Gclger Napa, $6; Thomas Waller. Ne
vada City. JS: Perley J. Aiken San Fran
cisco $6; Patrick Boylan, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $10; John Hannigan. Val
leio $8. Increase— William A. Swift,
Chico, $S to $12. Original widows, etc.—
Minor of Philip G. Lawler. Oakland, $10.
Oregon: Original— Charles D. Darling,
Baker City, $6; Isaac S. Heskett, Tuali
tin, $6.
Price of a Lynching.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 24.— Pending the
report of the Governor of Louisiana on the
Tallulah lynchings the State Department
and the Italian Foreign Office have been
exchanging freindly expreslons of confi
dence that justice will prevail. The
United States will agree to pay the heirs
of the two Italians probably $5000 each,
and this, it is expected, will settle the in
cident.
Naples Free From Plague.
PARIS. Aug. 24.— M. Fordi. manager of
the Hotel Royal. Naples, telegraphs to the
Herald that the report of an outbreak of
plague at Naples Is untrue. Nowhere is
the public health more satisfactory.
Typhoid in Ponce.
PONCE, Porto Rico. Aug. 24.— Thirty
cases of acute malaria and three cases of
typhoid fever developed here to-day as a
result of the recent flood carrying nlth
into the city.
COLONEL BARNETT
FOB TREASURER
Named for State Office
in Pennsylvania.
Snecial Dispatch to The Call.
HARRISBRUG, Aug. 24.— The Republi
can State Convention to-day nominated I
Colonel James Barnett of the Tenth Regi- i
merit for State Treasurer, J. Hay Brown
of Lancaster for Supreme Court Judge and
Josiah R. Adams of Philadelphia for Su
perior Court Judge.
The nomination for Supreme Judge is
equivalent to an election by reason of two
vacancies and no elector being entitled
to vote for more than one person. The
platform indorses the administrations of
President McKinley and Governor Stone,
commends the executive for his appoint
ment of Colonel Quay to the United States
Senate and pledges the party to a reduc
tion in the expenditures of the depart
ments of the State government. It begins
as follows:
We congratulate the people upon the results
of the campaign of 1886, the establishment of a
sound currency, the securing of proper pro
tection to American industry and the election
of that champion of the common people, Wil
liam McKinley. to be President of the United
States. The Republican party has been in con
trol or the national Government for a little
more than two years, and during that time
ever}' promise made by it has been fulfilled.
Business is active and remunerative, labor is
employed at good and increasing wages, capital
has ample field for investment, and- an era of
unexampled prosperity has been inaugurated.
Much of the success of the Republican policy
adopted in 18SS is due to the good judgment,
wise counsel, administrative ability, far-reach
ing diplomacy and broad-minded statesmanship
of our aatriotic President. We firmly support
and fully indorse his administration and place
on record the wish of the Republicans of Penn
sylvania that he be nominated to lead our hosts
to victory In the campaign of IMO, and to this
end we recommend the election of delegates
■who will give his candidacy earnest and vig- !
orous support in the next national convention. j
The platform reaffirms the St. Louis
platform; declares for the maintenance of
the gold standard an* against the free
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1; re
news allegiance to the policy of protection
and indorses the action of Pennsylvania
Congressmen in voting for the Dingley
tariff, and continues:
We congratulate the country on the success
ful termination of the war with Spain and
recognize the wisdom of the policy President
McKinley has inaugurated in the management
of affairs in Cuba and Porto Rico, and prom
ise him our faithful support in the prosecution
of the war in the Philippines, In order that the
supremacy of the . flag planted there by the
valor of our army and navy be maintained.
In additional paragraphs the platform
says:
We have ceased to be content with supplying
products for home consumption alone, we must
keep pace with other nations in seeking new
field." for our commerce, and to this end we
support the policy of industrial, commercial
and national expansion.
We favor for our national defense and the
protection of closer commercial relations be
tween the sections of our vast territory, now
an imperative necessity, the immediate com
mencement and early completion of a great
canal that will give communication between
the Atlantic and Pacific, as well as its pro
tection against foreign control.
We favor the building up of a merchant
marine upon the lines laid out by the bills re
ported favorably to the Senate and House, sec
ond session, Fifty-fifth Congress, so that we
may have a reserve defense in case of war,
and that J200.000.000 of freightage now paid to
foreign ships may remain to the American
ship builder, the American ship owner, the
American seaman and the American mechanic.
CAPITALISTS HAVE ,
BONDED COPPER MINE
Improvements Representing an Out
lay of $1,000,000 Will Be
Made in Shasta.
REDDING, Aug. 24.— The famous
Afterthought group of six copper
claims has just been bonded to John F.
Cowan of Salt Lake for a wealthy com
pany of Salt Lake and Butte (Mont.)
capitalists. The bonding was brought
about by James Sallee, who recently
disposed of the Bully Hill to J. R. de
Lamar and three other mining pro
moters.
It is stated on good authority that
the Afterthought group is already vir
tually sold, though the figure is kept
secret. Mining Experts William Mc-
Dermott and A. J. Schumacker arrived
from Utah a few days ago and on their
recommendation the mine was imme
diately bonded. The Afterthought
group is considered the third richest
copper property in Shasta County. If
the company takes the mine, as they
undoubtedly will, it means that new
smelters and other vast improvements
will be made, representing an outlay of
more than a million dollars.
MOTORMAN ATTACKED
BY AN ANGRY MOB
Had Carelessly Bun Down a Wagon,
Seriously Injuring Its Four
Occupants.
CLEVELAND. Aug. 24.— A big Consol
idated motorman and conductor were
threatened with violence by an angry mob
on Broadway this morning. But for the
timely arrival of the police the motorman
would undoubtedly have been roughly
handled and probably lynched. Cries of
"Lynch him!" Lynch the scab:" were
heard on every side, and the police had
to charge the crowd repeatedly to save
him.
The Broadway car was almost down
town when, running at a rapid rate, it
struck a spring wagon, throwing the four
occupants to the pavement. They were-
John Pofleh, cut severely about"the head
and one ear partially torn off; his wit>
and eight-year-old daughter, both badly
cut about the head and shoulders, and
Joe Krazinstine, a neighbor, bruised.
The police, coming on a riot call had
great difficulty in protecting the street-car
men. but the crowd was finally dispersed
after the patrolmen had used their clubs
♦
Chartered for a Transport.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 24.— The War De
partment has chartered the steamship
George W. Elder at San Francisco. She
has a capacity of fiOO men. and will be
ready to sail for Manila as soon as loaded.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTING.
LP TIFfiFN Manufacturer of Beltintr and
I. UEUCII, Lace Leather. 105-1 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, above Powell.
PERIODICALS, BOOKS AND STATIONER?.
COAL. COKE AND PICJ IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLTTH, Mgrr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lA^ RftVFS & fft Phlpplns Butchers, 104
JA> Dill CO C WV., Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Props.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
WII I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co,,
YIILLHmC II L 722 Montgomery Str«»t.
PRINTING.
E. C. HUGHES, 5u PRINTER, st.
• W- rHJilllClOi 511 sansome St.
THP HICKS- Hinn CO.. Printers. Book-
IHE UIW&J-Jlillll SA3-, binders. 23 First st.
STATIONER AND PRINTER,
Telegraphic OARXRinCF m Cal1 "
Codes. rrllV 1 KlUllL fornlaat.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MIXING CO., at its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
Is the Best Coal In the Market.
Office and Yards — 450 Main street.
WOMAN'S BREAST AND MAN'S LIP
most common
rY^lP^illillP^l^N^V whole human
jBSy 1 eer# will de-
-5 s^&i**> - »«. 9BS guarantee a
WjMgMS*; /j»«sij^^ /3r^S^ lUre of unseat-
V : ' i -«s?^V', 'jrtSS^' tered external
if^z-^f /'vs®y?^* S^*C\ ca p C(? , r • - vo
\ " :^3^^. J I seen in my of-
\ , :'<y^K . ,•■ I flees. Lady at-
*jk-^ i;>-ff" JP tendant. Any
Hpl^^^^i^n^^fc Woman's Breast
And if allowed to get large always poisons th«
glands In the armpit. When cancer in the
armpit gets large cure Is almost Impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE
With addresses and testimonials of thousands
I have cured in California.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M.D., 25 Third St., SF.
LITTLE PALACE SANITARIUM.
E^Send this to some one with cancer.
I visit DR. JORDAN great,!
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
, I Cfe lC;llli.22£TSr.tet.6ii:ti,S.r.C^.i
QT^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
I I Hi IP* < i World. Wenkn»sses or May contracted m
l fij^fja& disease p«-»iii»t-ljr enrod by the oldest W
! ) jfS 31 ipeailiitca the Cotit. Esl 3i years. { |
A i§^l OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ f f£'S^R Consultation free and strirtly pririte. \
A I TOJJB Tnitmcnt personally or by letter. A m
Hnr7| U Pat. (it c Cure In every case undertaken. \
At I ll» Write for Boole. PHILOSOPHY ef A
¥' i'l II T >AnRIAGE, MAILED FREE. (AT
i n /I," valuable book for n..-:i \
9 DR. JOBDAJfACO., 1051 Market St.. S. F. ¥
I |'^-*^fc^^-^-^^%^*^^'^-*^^t
IMCn V I I /■* L OST, VIGOR.
m AND WANHOOP
§£$&?& jj. Cures Irapotency Night Emissions and wasting
Vf»s^9 & diseases, all effects of self^abuse, or excess and
f"— AND MANHOOO
Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
diseases, ill effects ofseli'abuse. or excess ani
indiscretioa A nerre'tonic aad blocdiuiider.
i^i-'f&f Brings the pink glow to pale ."hecks and re>
6 l^i^ J stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
P^€J^^^^ ben 6 bones for $2.50; with a written
ffl'^^^^gyarantee to cure or refund the money.
Skrvita medic* Co., €Kntcn ft Jackson sts., Gbkajj,
E. L. Baldwin & Co., Druggists. 8 Market. S.P.
REYNOLD'S
19UBI BLJIp I Few persf>ns need
■ be confined by
Goutor Rheumatism, if on the first approach
of the paroxysm they have recourse to this rem-
edy, then, a single dose is often sufficient.
V- iOl t. tKA it CO., 26.50 X. William St.. V. V.
<< I^Bl^^^al remedy for Gonorrhoea,
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
aBBDFIn Ito "•> duTi.^CM Whites, unnatural dis-
EjpLw oa»r»nw»d V charges, or any iDflamma-
mKla not u> stricture. tioQ. irritation or Qlcersr-
B* eon«tiog. ticn of mucous mem-
IfySITHEEVANSCHEMiriino. branes. Non-astringenU
ViA::iC.iiMATi.C Bl Sold b -» »l-«««lt«l*.
Tfffgw r 3 a jTt sent in plain wrapper,
'dflgrafcta^P&H $1.00. or 3 bottltw, 42.78.
vOl^^^'l I 1 - ' 3 bolt la*, 12.7&.
v t» v ■ Oircuar coat wa rs«QMfc
DR.PIERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL . _^
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BIOOP.UVER.LUftIGg;
y^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
l n rtr, W 625 KFARX V ST. Established
ePliritea'" ***•>■* for the treatment of Private
■ JV Jji3 Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
SnSsß^Hlv disease wearing on bo<lyand mind and
Z^DB^^H Skin DiseaBfs. The doctor cureswhen
t*Xßeßi!?i'Vft ntliersfall. Try him. Charges low.
£9flHß^aß^S CvrraEuaranterd. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. *'. UIBBOK, Box 1957, 5 an Francisco.
fe e "PATENTSt o J
ST. S^SS^
lA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
. Telephone Brown SSL
Residence, 8a California Bt_, below Powell,
Ban Francisco.
Al pa - •■•• | Corner Fourth an<l
purr n n v a i Market. S. F. Try
I AL L U. lIV M I our Special Brew
U 11 1 L II U I lI L EL ean OveVc^aU and
Valises checked £re«.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS. THfl
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets. Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wright's Indian Veaetaole Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
•who have used them for forty years to eura
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION. Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pis-
plea and purify the blood.
910
COMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and Silver as before quoted.
Wheat and Barley easier and quieter.
Oats, Corn and Rye inactive and iveak.
ns and Seeds nominal at unchanged prices.
//,,- mes depressed. Bran and Middlings firm.
< htions about the same.
f g d stock and firm.
Cheese ' :tc supplies.
Poultry market well supplied and weak.
Fresh fruits continue firm as a rule.
Dried fruits steady at unchanged quotations.
Nothing nezv in Provisions.
Hides firm and in good demand.
Meat market uncfianged.
The military reception cutting considerably into business.
Business and Celebration.
There will be very little business done ir
as long as 1 rrenl military re
,. wh lie town si
, ... • see the :
■
-
• until this after
of the day
- .■ •
Lrns. Ihe
same thing wll!
■ ,• " • ■ '
■
We -port.
020 th Meridian— Pacific Time.}
PAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 24. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureku 58-San Diego JO
Fresno S3 Sacramento 9')
Los Angeles 78 Independence I'O
Red Bluff '■■■'■ IW|
gan Luis Obiepo .... 74
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
60: minimum, o2; mean, SC.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather Is generally cloudy along the
crast from .San Francisco northward: else
where west of the Rocky Mountains fair
■weather prevails.
The pressure has fallen ever the Pacific
Slope except along the mediate coast of
Northern California and Oregon.
The temperature has fallen along the im
mediate coast and risen over the Interior. It
Jb above the normal in all districts except along
th" coast, where it Is slightly below.
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy
•weather along the coast and fair weather in
the interior of California Friday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. August 2o:
Northern California— Fair Friday. except
cloudy along the const: cooler in the Sacra
mento Valley: fresh to brisk west wind.
■ Southern California— Fair Friday, except
cloudy along the coast at night; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
Utah— Fair Friday.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Generally cloudy
Friday: fresh to brisk west wind.
G. H. WILLSON". Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— The demand for se
curities mostly expended itself in the early
trading to-day, md the weight of realising
paies became more burdensome, and at last
made the general tendency downward, al
though the marking up of a. few stocks at the
close to top prices made It Irregular. North
ern Pacific and the Union Pacific Blocks reach
ed top prices in the final dealings. There were
Quite a number of quite obscure Ftocks which
held good gain* throughout, but the earlier rise
In many cases was almost wiped out. The mar
ket started oil well under the Influence of the
ch-erful tone of foreign markets. An early
drive against Tennessee Coal, which carried it
down four points, caused a momentary halt
especially in the specialties. Yesterday's strong
upward movement in Tobacco was resumed,
carrying that stock to !31V» and causing sympa
thetic gains of between one to two points In
othf-;- Wdlng specialties.
When it became known after noon that the i
directors of the Continent Tobacco Company
had failed to declare a dividend, as many
speculators had hoped they would, there was a •
drop in Tobacco stocks, which reached -\i in ,
American Tobacco. Sugar. Brooklyn Transit
an'! Manhattan responded in sympathy, and a
number of railroads lost a ; Int. The market
drifted rather uncertainly for the rest of the
day, except for some strength in individual
Blocks. The reduction of the dividend rate In
Consolidate! Gas. although it had fully been i
expected; had a bad effect on the market. The •
stock itself vibrated feverishly over three
points and closed at a fractional loss. There
■was Quite ■ notable display ot strength by a i
Croup of minor granger roads. Realizing was |
In evidence all day in some of the Southern and
(Southwestern stocks which had shown recent
strength, and this, combined with renewed
weakness In the specialties, made the closing i
rathfr heavy, pxcept In the cases named. ,
The money inark»t conditions abroad account- |
ed for the cheerful sentiment from that quarter.
and the London buying of stocks her" had its
effect in the fractional decline in sterling ex
change. So also had the stiffness of the local
money market, which ruled firm at about 3 i
pfr cent.
The bond market was quite active, and a
number of speculative issues showed advance*.
Total sales. $3,226,000.
United States old fours registered declined |
-.i and the lives % in th« bid price. ;
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing !
Fold. Stn-ks— Bid.
T.SfO Atchison 23ii
84.540 AtChhson prefrd fi7<4
6.075 Baltimore & Ohio 57 I
100 Canadian Pacific 97^
. 100 Canada Southern :■*-.
2?0 Central Pnclfic R?>i
15, 650 Chesapeake & Ohio 20% j
4.3"/ i Chicago Great ■- item 15S
4,o'ifl Chicago, Burlington &• Quincy ISC!* I
400 Chicago, Ind & Louisvlil* ifl'i j
200 Chicago, Tnd & Louisville prefrd... 40
GOO Chicago & Eastern Illinois S2'4 !
6 (l| i Chicago <?-. Northwestern I€ 2: ,2 '
13,. '.75 Chicago, Rock Island v Pacific .., 120 j
J. 450 CCC &St Louis 5§ I
1.910 Colorado Southern ?,\ i
3,32.1 Colorado Southern Ist prefrd 47i£ j
400 Colorado Southern 2d prefrd 18 i
C 55 Delaware & Hudson 123 I
1,400 Delaware. La<-k & Western IT4U
4.410 De ■•I-. I - ll!o Grande 24 r 'i |
fi.f.n.) Denver & Rio Grande prefrdl . . . :■•■, !
3.000 ~ri« 14%:
1,660 Erie Ist prefrd 29*; j
200 Great Northern prefrd 167 i
1.210 flocking Coal IS !
1,-IGO Hocking Valley 29',i
400 Illinois entraJ n;^
6,843 lowa Central is i
480 lowa ' Central refrd gi«
1,200 Kansas City, Pittsburg •* Gulf 11%
100 J.ak» Erie & Western.. 21
300 Lake Erie & Western prefrd 70\4
» Lake Shore Mitt
8,67." Louisville & Nashville \-
C.fir,o Manhattan L 113'
1,225 Metropolitan Street Railway ->or,
1,400 Mexican Ontral \r,v,
2,600 Minneapolis & St Lou!* ; 77*
20<) Minneapolis, & St I>juls prefrd ; 97U
£0.040 Missouri I'acifib ) sou
1,100 bile & Ohio 45M
3,400 Missouri. Kansas .t Texas .. 13%
8,060 Missouri. Kar.sas & Texas . refrd . 4iw
500 New Jersey Central j;:i
1,250 New York Central 5351 >
13,423 Norfolk A Western 2 7* i
2,200 Norfolk & Western sfrd 73
28,180 Northern Pacific i~-. t
2.T00 Northern Pacific prefrd j v
29,250 Ontario & Western 27"i
Oregon Railway A. Nay 441/
Oregon Railway & Nay prefrd 71;,
3,140 Pennsylvania 185%
4.400 Reading 2.1
:- .;• i Reading Ist prefrd ,;■<.-.
8,114 Reading 2d prefrd 3.-,
Rio Grande Western 30
. Rio Grande Western prefrd 78
1,600 SI Louis A San Fran... in;
100 Bt Louis ft San Fran Ist prefd 717*,
800 St Louis .t Snn Fran 2d prefrd 373,;
400 St Louis ■■■..•stern IG\
SOO St Louis Southwestern prefrd 3s>,;
. 13,170 St Paul 134 Vi
St Paul prefrd irxu
; Rt Paul & Omaha..; ill
15,090 Southern Pacific 3r-i
«,S3O Southern Railway 12"«
4,550 Southern Railway prefrd S4VI
13,865 Texas & I'Rclflc 21%
11,450 Union Pacific *>]?.
7 or>o Union Pacific prefrd »»
300 Wabash ; "-*
1,900 Wabasli prefrd • ••*
4-0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10%
700 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefrd... 274
6,200 Wisconsin Centra! 18
P C C & St Louis 77*j
Express Companies —
Adams 113
200 American 141
United States 50
100 V la Cargo 128
Miscellaneous —
1,900 American Cotton Oil 4414
American Cotton Oil prefrd 94
American Malting 16 j
100 American Malting prefrd 60-%
1,000 Amerl in Smelting & R 434 I
1,650 American Smelting & R prefrd 91 |
300 American Spirits s s i
American Spirits prefrd 28
1,000 American Steel Hoop ,"a: 4
r.OO American Steel Hoop prefrd S3}&
SW American Steel & Wire 57
100 American Steel & Wire prefrd 98
800 American Tin Plate 424
American Tin Plate prefrd 904
73.025 American Tobacco 12S*i i
2,100 American Tobacco prefrd 144 I
40,240 Anaconda Mining Co 57%
1.4 ■o Brooklyn RapM Transit 101
24.5H0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 52
5.350 Continental Tobacco 4S
2,100 Continental Tobacco prefrd SS
200 Federal Steel 59
300 Federal Steel ■ :rd 81%
100 General Electric 124
Glucose Sugar «44
1,950 Glucose Sugar : refd 105
International Paper 3?
1.461 International Paper prefrd 774 i
Laclede Gag 59
National Biscuit 47" B I
National Biscuit prefrd 101
600 National Lead 32* i
National Lead prefrd 110' i i
1,000 National Steel 56 j
ICO National Steel efrd 074 |
New York Air Brake IS3 !
North American 124 1
500 Pacific Coast 45V4
Pacific Coast Ist prefrd SS j
Pncinc Coast 2d prefrd M 1
6CO Puc.:fic Mat! 47 j
9,020 People's Gas 1204
2iK) PressM Steel Car 59
235 Pressed Steel Car prefrd 89
100 Pullman Palace Car 157%
110 Standard Hope & Twine ■1 ;
1,625 Sugar 154"i, \
Sugar rr.-frd 119
13.730 Tennessee Coal & Iron 94*;
10,550 United States Leather 104
5.006 United States Leather prefrd 7- 4 I
United States Rubber 4 •
ISO United States Rubber prefrd 115 li
820 Western Union S3 i
650.700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s rep 100%iM X & T 2ds G94
Do 3s reg 108% Do 4s 94%
Do 3s coup lOS'aiN V Cen lsts 111 .,
Do new 4.-, reg.. .130% N V Cen gen 5s 120*s
Do new 4s coup.. N Carolina Cs 128
Do old 4r reg.. ..112% Do 4s 104
Do old 4s coup..llß4jNo Pac Ist? 1-15
Do ok reg 1114 Do 3? 67 : t
Do 5e coup 1114! Do 4s IMH
Dis of Col 3.655. - ::7 N IC & 6 L 45..108%
Ala class A 109 N & W con 45.... :••>'■,
Do class B 109 Do gen (is 133 I
Do class C 103 Or Nay ista 1124
Do Currency 103 ! Do 4s 1024
Atch gen 4? 102% Or Short Line 65.. .129 !
Do adj 4s BS% Do con 5a 1134 I
Canada Bo 2ds ....111 IR c, W lsts 9SV4
Che & Ohio 44?.. 97% B L,U M Con 6s. 1144
Do ss> ll' K 2 HLkSF Gen 65. 1244
Chi & N Con 75. ...144 St Paul Con ;;■■,
Do S F Deb 55.. .12] Ist P C & P 15t5.... 121%
Chi Term 4s 99 Do 5s 122
D & R a lsts 102'iigo Railway 55... 109*4
Do 4s 101% Stand R & T 65.... SI4
E T V & G 4s 103 iPenn new set 35.... 86
Erie Gen 4s 73li;Tex & Pac 15t5.... 115
F W & D C lsts.. 80 : Do ids f.S4
Gen Elec 5s 118% Union Par 4s 1054
G II *• S A €5....10S jWabash lsts 116 !
Do Ms 108 : J>o 2ds 101
II & T Cen 5s 110 v\>st Shore 4s 1114 !
II .v T Cen Con 6s. 112 Wis Cen lsts :■
lows Cen lsts 117 Va Centuries <■:.',
jKC P* G lsts.. 7214 Do deferred 5
i La new Con 45. ...106 C & S 4s 874
I, & N Un 4s 99%'
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30|OntarIo 7 60
Crown Point isiiphir 90
Con ■il &Va ISO Plymouth OS
! 1 >eadwood 60 I Quicksilver 190
Gould & Curry.... So Do prefd 800
' Hale & Norcross... 25 Sierra Nevada 63 j
I Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 60
Iron Silver 50 Union Con 18
Mexican Yellow Jacket 35
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
: Money— West Eleo 60%
1 Call loans 804 Do prefd 68
i Time loans... 4@5J Bom
I Stocks— jAtchlson 4s 100
Atch Top & S F.. 23% Mining Shares-
Do prefd 67% Adventure 9%
' Am Sugar 154% !Al!ouez Mln Co. fi'-j
Do prefd 120 Atlantic 27
Bell Tel 849 Boston & Mont 350
Boston & Albany.. 26s Butte & 805t0n.... 7S
Boston L 109 Calumet & Hecla -
Boston & Maine. ..2oo Centennial 354
Fitchburg prefd. ..llß Franklin 20
Mexican Cen Ij'4 Humboldt 2"*
i Mich Tel 99% Parrot ■'. ■>,
I Old Colony 2% Quincy 159
! Old Dominion Z'^> !l Santa Fe Copper.. 154
Union Pacific 47 l ,« Tamarack 227
Union Land 7H|Winona 12
West End 95 [Wolverines 4W
I Do prefd 113 Utah 43 7 .;
Wls Cen 17%
The Money Market.
■
I NEW YORK. Aug. -Money on call, steady }
i at 24i?3 per cent; last loan 3 per cent. Prime
: mercantile paper. 4%®6 per cent. Sterling ex
• change, easy, with actual business in bank- !
j era 1 bills at M'BB%®*B6% for demand and at
j•i S3!?i4 53% for sixty days Posted rates, $4 M :
! and $4 874. Commercial bills, $4 82. Silver
I certificates, C06604C. Bar sliver, 59 ' 11-16 c.
i Mexican dollars, 47% c. Government bonds,
! weak. State bonds, inactive. Railroad bonds,
i strons.
Cash in the Treasury.
! WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.— T0-day's statement
! of the condition of the Treasury chows: Avail- ;
! able cash balance, $275,074,590; gold reserve
j $244,871,019.
London Market.
I NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— Commercial Ad
! Miser's London financial cablegram says:
j The markets here had a good opening to-day,
j reacting later in view of Saturday's holiday
: and the dispatch of further troops to the Cape. I
Consols went down 'i. Americans n7)ened strong
I and very active, but suffered a sharp reaction
j In the afternoon, closing at the worst. There
! was a brisk recovery In the street, however, |
■ the feature being Northern Pacific common. I
i Tintos were 44 9-16. Anacondas were wanted
• at 11 15-16. Money easier on the strong bank
I return.
! CLOSING.
I Canadian Pacific. SS%; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 80; Union Pacific preferred. So>4; Atchl
son, 24H: Grand Trunk, S4: Anaconda, 11%.
Bar silver, 27% d. Money, 1%91% per cent.'
I <% ■ 1
New York Grain and Produce.
V — — — — g>
NEW YORK. Aug. 24.— FLOUR-Receipts,
29,136 barrels; exports. 1K, 132 barrels; sales. 6500
bands. Steadily held, but quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts. 25.950 bushels; export?.
33.505 bushels; sales. 300,000 bushels futures
: and 458,000 bushels spot. Spot— Steady; No. 2
i.!, 78 Vie. f. a. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Dv-
I luth. s:%c. f, o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 76»&e ele
; vator; No. 1 hard Duluth. mv. Options
j Steady, on cables,' hut developed a subsequent
! feeling of heaviness under bid selling and bet
ter spring wheat crop news. This In turn
yielded to a late recovery on export demand
; and a filial break under realizing, with the
j close weak at net. &c decline. May, S2'i@SS^c
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 25. 1599.
closed ?2'/4c: September, 76 7-16@7"Hc. closed 1
7G f s c; December. 79 7-16!gS0%c, closed 79M;C.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES Quiet.
WOOL— and steady.
METALS— continued to show evidence
of softness to-day, while on the other hand pig
iron and tin held very firm at full former
prices. Cables and reports from producing
points at home were of favorable purport. At
.the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, firm, with $15 50 bid
and $lfi asked.
LAKE COPPER-Unchanged. at $18 50.
TlN— Firmer, with $31 bid and $31 35 asked.
LEAD— with $4 60 bid and $4 624
asked.
SPELTER— Easy, at $5 50 nominal.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 33 and for
copper $18 50.
COFFEE— Closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales, 23,250 bags, Includ
ing: September, $4 30ijf{4 35: October, $4 40: No
vember. $4 4.'.; December, $4 SO; January, $4 So;
February. $4 90: March, $5; July, $5 25.
Spot — Rio, dull and nominal: mild.
quiet.
SUGAR— Raw about steady but quiet: fair re
fining, 3 15-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 44c; molas
ses sugar. 3 13-16 c nominal. Refined, quiet but
about steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5024 packages, steady;
Western creamery, 17@21c; factory. June, 144
@15V-c; factory, current prices. 124@1 5 C
EGGS—Receipts. 10,057 j'HcKases; steady.
Western ungraded at mark. 12@15c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— California dried
fruits, quiet and unchanged.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, "He;
prime wire tray, SViQSVac; choice, &%®9c; fancy,
9<S'94c.
PRUNES— 3%©Be.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 14c: Moorpark, 14@16c.
PEACHES— S@ll4c.
* ■ = -4-
Chicago Grain Market.
« _ $>
CHICAGO, Aug. 24.— The opening in wheat
showed no changes from yesterday's closing
price in either September or December and
with little inclination among traders to at
tempt to force the market In either direction.
The preponderance of sentiment favored the
buying side at first on account of an error in
the Price Current, which estimate made the
total 475.000,000 on the advance of ; 4 d at Liver
pool, and the continued small receipts. ■ A
mild covering movement, mostly by local
shorts, caused a slight advance in September
and a more material gain in December, but
before the first hour's trading had ended the
market turned suddenly weak and dropped with
a rapidity that ivaa painfully surprising to
longs. September opened at 72 ■ 1 72% c and
advanced to 72? 8 0, December opened at 74, ,■
74 :t sc. and advanced to 74%@74%c. At these
prices a selling movement started that was
much too heavy for the demand. Desire to
Lake profits was apparently the principal mo
tive for most of the liquidation, but a great
il»>al of professional selling was done when it
became apparent that the market was easily
influenced, and this feature of the market was
taken advantage of by professional scalpers
several times during the day to hammer down
Lhe price. The result was a decidedly nervous
market for most of the session, though trad-
Ing at no time was really heavy. Private
advices in regard to the Northwest crop con
ditions were favorable. September declined to
n*4c and December to 73*i<<i73"j,e. The mar
ket was rallied by the reports of •■! Rood cash
business, but prices were quickly hammered
down again. Corrected figures on the Price
Current estimate made the total wheat crop
50.000.W0 more than first announced. This was
the cause of a weak spot when the figures
were given out, and the market was on the
down grade nt the close, September finishing
at 71*40 ami December. 73 t s c.
Corn was quiet and irregular. September was
Mrong on the excellent shipping business,
which caused a good deal of covering by
shorts. September closed Me higher. Decem
ber closed a shade lower.
The market tor oats was a narrow and
steady one. September dosed 54c higher, De
cember closed higher.
Little was done in- provisions and the mar
ket was practically featureless. Prices ad
vanced somewhat shortly after the opening
with grain. Softness developed later, but in
the afternoon the market firmed up again and
cloned steady. Trading was mostly local. The
cash demand for meats was only moderate. At
the close September pork was a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 72% 724 71% 71%
December 744 "4?i 73% 73" 8
May 774 77** 77 77
Corn No. —
September 314 31?; 81% 31%
December ->> 8 -■ i 28% 2S->;
May 29% 29% 29% 294
Oats No. 2 —
September 20% 20% 20 20' i
December 19 -j 19% ID% 19 7 /s
May 21% 21% 21% 214
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September 830 8 374 S3O S 324
October 840 545 8 374 840
January .— , 9 67% 9-0 960 9 624
Ijird, per 100 lbs—
September 5 224 6 224 620 6 22%
October 530 5 324 5 274 530
January .-. 474 5 47% 545 5 474
Short Rib.'. 1 »r 100 lbs —
September 515 6 174 6 124 615
October 5 174 620 613 5 17%
January 3 024 5 024 i 974 500
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 Spring Wheat. 68@72e; No. 2 Red,
73%@74c; No. 2 Corn, 324 c; No. 2 Oats, 2i%ig
S\\c; No. 2 White, 23ii«234c; No. 3 White, 22 ■
(523'ic: No. 2 Rye, 54%@55c; No. 2 Barley, 344
!&31)c; No. 1 Flax Seed, $1 14'fl 14%; Prime Tim
othy Seed, 52 40@2 424: Mess Pork, per bbl, $7 60
ff(S3.'.; Lard, per 100 lbs, $5 10Q5 224; Short-rib
Sides, Cloose). $19557 5 25; Dry Salted Shoulders
(boxed), o^Mic; Short Clear Sides (boxed),
J5 50(H5 60; Whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gal. $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipment?.
Flour, barrels 24,00") 20.0 i»
Wheat, bushels 72.000 32,000
Corn, bushels 329.000 473,000
Oats, bushels 533,000 405,000
Rye, bushels 9.000 700
Barley, bushels 33,000 18,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries, 16®l0c; diary,
IS'gnc. Eggs, firm; fresh, 124 c Cheese, firm;
S4@loc.
\.j 'fr
Foreign Futures.
,5, _^,
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept, Dec. Mar.
Opening ....511 61
Closing 5 11 6 IM,
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 19 75 207.1
Closing 19 96 20 75
Flour-
Opening 42 40 27 76
Closing 42 50 2S
« '■ : *■
California Fruit Sales.
f — <»
CHICAGO. 111.. Aug. 24.— The Karl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day at the following prices: Grapes— Tokay,
Blngie crates, 45c!f?U 30, average SI 15; Malaga,
7 'i ■■■■:••. average 78c. Pears— Bartletts, boxes,
$1 30@l 95, average $1 77; sweet Prunes, single
crates, .M.r'.fi 45, average Me. Peaches— Orange
Cling, 4 ' sc, average 54c; Susquehanna, 66@75c,
average 70c. Eleven cars sold to-day; weather
hot.
BOSTON Mass., Aug 24.-- -The Karl Fruit
Company realized the following prices for Cali
fornia fruit sold at auction to-day: Grapes-
Tokay, single crates. $1 Eo#l S5, average ?1 57;
Malagas, 51 35®] 60, average $1 41. Peaches-
Late Crawford, boxes, M''"-iji 15, average 83c;
Susquehanna, 40c$$l, average 70c; Orange
Cling, 50®75c, average 62c; McDevitt Cling, log,
70c. average B2c Pears— Bartletts, $1 20^2 f.6.
average, $2 14. Nine cars sold to-day; weather
not unfavorable.
MONTREAL, Quebec, Aug. •, 23.— The Earl
Fruit Company realized the following prices for
California fruit sold at auction to-day: Peaches
— berto, boxes. H®l OS. average $1 03; Early
Crawford. $1; Foster. 90c@$l 06; average 97c;
Mary's choice. $1. Plums— Yellow Egg, single
crates, $1. Prunes— Columbia, single crates,
SOclj/Sl. average ?3c; Gros, $1 01.
NEW YORK. Aug. -The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day at the follow
ing prices: Peaches— Late Crawford, 60®86c
average 7Sc; Orange Cling. Es®Soc, average 76c;
Susriuehanna, 50®90c average 73c; McDevitt
Cling, 70®75c. average 74c. Pears— Bartletts.
boxes, $1 r,",(§2 15. average $1 65. Plums— Golden
Drop, single crates. 60®70c, average 6Sc; Wash
ing! in, 50®95c, average 660. Prunes — Gros. 85c@
«l 25, average $1 06. Fourteen cars sold to-day;
weather hot. ' v.-',.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Aug. 24.— CATTLE— Desirable cat
tle were readily taken to-day at strong prices,
but poorer qualities were dull and declining.
Good to choice cattle, $5 6r."Ff 6 65; commoner
; grades, $4 10*6:5 <>0; stockers and feeders, $3 3i>Q
; 5: bulls, cows and heifers, J2<ff, 2i.; Texas steers
i.: Bo®4 50; calves, $4g.7 2.=..
HOGS— The market for hogs was strong and
higher early, but trading late in the day was
dull and prices weakened. Heavy hops, $4 10®
4 SO; mixed lots, $4 40@4 f,2\i; light. $4 50@4 30,
i pigs. S3 40@4 70; culls, ft 25@4.
[ SHEEP— The demand for cheep was good,
but was slow for lambs. BMW, $2@4 25 for na
tives nnri si VnA 15 for Western range am
mals S ; 'bought «MX .for ordinary to
good, with choice lambs Ringing $Sls@6 25 eD
Receipts— Cattle, 8600; hogs, 24,000. sheep.
16,000.
I Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 24.-Clearlng-s, #244.
--0S8; balances, $49,07^
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 24.-Wheat, dull;
Walla Walla, 574555 c; Valley. 59«85%c; Blue
Stem. 6<Xg6lc. ■
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 24.-Wheat firm at advance; j
Club. 57Vi<g5Sc; Blue Stem, 60>.|i361. _
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Aug. 24.— Consols, IOC 1-16; Sliver,
274; French Rentes. lOOf 2%c; wheat cargoes
off coast operators and buyers indifferent; car
goes on passage, more inquiry; English coun
'TlVßßpSoLAug 24 -Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, quiet: flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 9-16:1.
CLOSING.
WHEAT-Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
firm. ;-,s 104 d; No. 1 Northern spring, .6s 2d,
fututres, steady; September os lid; December,
CORN— Spot American mixed new, firm 3b
4*; d; do old. 3s sd; futures,, September. 3s 4? a;
October. 3s BVid; November. 3s 5%d, firm.
■ — ♦ —
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion. \
Sterling Exchange, 60 day« — « Mfc
Sterling Exchange, sight — * *'% ,
Sterling Cables ..... — * ,« y * :
New York Exchange, 5ight....... — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — »a
Mexican Dollars <»» fiO
Fine Silver, per ounce 69 7 , i W ;
Wheat and Other Grains. j
WHEAT— Ross-shire takes for Cork 9756 .
ctls, valued at $10,765; AmiraJ Troude, for ;
Cork, 14.468 ctls at $15,200. :
The Chicago market opened easy and dull,
and the bears that covered the preceding day
turned and resold. The decline was checked,
however, by the taking of fifty boatloads for
export, and the late cables came through j
stronger. estimated the winter crop at 250,000.-
Murray estimated the winter crop at 2a0,000.- ,
000 bushels, and the Cincinnati Price Current
estimated the total crop at 525,000,000.
The Produce Exchange will not be in session
to-day until 2 o'clock, owing to the military j
parade in the morning. There was no after-,
noon call yesterday.
Spot Shipping, $1 051? l 07H; milling,
$1 lOigl 1 1%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December— 6ooo | ■
ctls SI 12%; 32,000. $112%; 32,000, $1.12^.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $112%.
Regular Morning Session— sales.
No afternoon session.
BARLEY— The Ross-shlre takes for Cork 65.
--262 ctls valued at $73,382; Amiral Troude, for
Cork. 41.97S ctls, at $40,000.
The market continued dull and nominal.
Feed. SOiJS3%c; Brewing, i7^<S92&c; Chevalier, :
$1 10(Bl 22% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l3 o'clock— December— 2ooo
ctls, 82% c.
Second Session— sales.
Regular Morning -December— 2ooo ctls,
S2^c.
Afternoon Session— No session.
OATS— Were dull and unchanged. The supply
Is in excess of the demand. White. $1 205J1 30; |
Red. $1 05JM 12' i per ctl; Black. 9i)c<fsl. |
<"<)RN— Is weak and lower. Eastern large
Yellow, $1 O-,f!107'4; White, $1 07V4; mixed, $105 j
ill 0714 per ctl.
R.YK— Ws?2'.ic per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6P<j?3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4098 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 4003 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 2f<B3 40 for bakers' anJ $2 25jj3 for super
fine.
MILLSTTTFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol- I
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham j
Flour. 13 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75: Rye !
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornm<»al. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 5084 75; :
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 2503 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $4-84 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 5306 9i; in sacks, $8 3606 75;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas, |
Jo per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay continues depressed and dull, with llb
eral receipts. There is no change In Feed
stuffs.
BRAN- (15 Co@l7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50019 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $1S 50 per ton; :
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27023; Jobbing, ;
S2B 50029; Cocoanut Cake, $20<a 21; Cornmeal,
$23 f.0<&24 50; Cracked Corn, $24(325; Mixed Feed,
$16 ti 16 SO: Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— "Wheat. $6 5008 50 for common to good
and $9 for choice: Wheat and Oat. $709; Oat,
$s!g'S: Barley, $5@7; Island Barley, $4 50(55 50;
Alfalfa, $507 per ton; Compressed Wheat,
$9:310.
STRAW— per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The market continues Inactive at unchanged j
prices,
BEANS— Bayos, $1 70<Tl SO; Small White. $2 05
®2 15: Largo White, $1 6001 Co; Pinks, $2 150 j
2 25; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 1504 25; But- i
ters, nominal; Limns. $4 1004 15: Pea. $2 150
2 35: Red Kidneys. $2©2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 2V2i&'3c: Yellow Mus
tard, nominal; Flax. $1 9002 10; Canary Seed.
2-li^i3c v*r lb for California and B%c for East
ern; Alfalfa, ' i :"...■•; Rape, 3c; Hemp, 4Q
4V.c: Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25® 1 50; Green, $1 50 [
02 per ctl. ,
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables, j
Business aid not amount to much yesterday, i
owing to the marine pageant of the returning j
volunteers. Most of the dealers closed at noon.-
To-day will be another half-day, so it will be
Monday before the regular business of the town
Is resumed. Prices show little change.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles. Uoc@Jl; Early
Rose 65^90c; Burbanks, 6509 le per ctl; Sa
linas' Burbanks, $1 2501 40; Sweet Potatoes, 20
1 2',ic per lb.
ONIONS 9Ocotl 10 per ctU for Silverskina;
Pickle Onions, 50075 c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, I%i?j2c per lb:
String Beans, l<S?2c: Lima Beans. .2@2',Ac; Cab
bage 50060 c; River Tomatoes. 25#60c; Alameda '
Tomatoes, €5© 75 c; Egg Plant. 35@40c; Green j
Okra, 40060 c per box: Garlic. 2j?3c; Green Pep- j
pers 40050 c for Chill and 40050 c per box for
Belli Carrots 30040 c per sack; Bay Cucumbers.
205J-25C- Pickles, $1 sCif 175 per ctl for , No. 1
and 7""' for No. 2; Summer Squash. 20@23c;
Marrowfat Squash. $16 per ton; Green Corn,
25®75c per sack. 75cff$l per crate for Alameda
! and 40(350c for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game. ,
Hens are In Tight supply, but young stock is j
plentiful and weak. Prices show more or less
change.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 12@14c for Gob
blers and 12@14c for Hens: Young Turkeys,
L6018c; Geese, per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings.
$1 50@2: Ducks. $308 50 for . old and , $405
for young; Hens. $4 5006 60 : young Roosters,
$4500550; old Roosters, $3 7604; Fryers, $4; j
Broilers $303 50 for large, 52 50 for small;
; Pigeons.' $1 5001 75 per dozen for old and $1 75
<q2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves. EOc per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The market continues bare of good Butter,
and quotations arc stiff in consequence. Eggs
rule firm, and while an occasional dealer quotes
30c, the figure is too extreme for a flat quota
lion. Cheese is firm and in light stock.
BUTTER
Creamery — Fancy creamery, 26!ff27c; sec-
On Dairy-Fancy. Me; good to choice, 21@23c;
St p r icitlltl "rolW9@2lc; firkin, 16@lSc; creamery
tU rHEfIE-Chofce b mlld new, ll<S>UHc: old. 10 I
@10*4 c; Young America, U@ll%c; Eastern. 13
EGGS— Quoted at 1902H4C for store and 26
G29C per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 18%020c
for selected. 16@17c.tor No. 1 and 140150 for
seconds. . - .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The semi-holiday attendant on the return of
the First Regiment Is cutting Into business at
the moment, us the stores are closed half of the
day In addition the Alameda narrow-gauge
train did not get in with the usual berries yes
terday owing to another sinking of the track
at Aliimeda Still the market rules stiff for
! canning descriptions, and table kinds are also
I firm Next week when the celebration is over,
we ought to have a lively .market again from
present Indications.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35@«0c per box for common and 75c@
$1 25 for good to choice. , '
BERRIES— Blackberries, . $303 50 per chest;
Strawberries, $607 per chest for small and f£o [
4 for large berries; Raspberries, $3 60@5 i per!
chest; Huckleberries, 4@sc per lb.
Grapes. 40<550c per box and crate for Fon
tainebleau, 85076 c for black, ."5@75c for Mus
cat. 40@75c for Tokay and 660750 for Seedless. :
Watermelons. ?6iff:2o per 100.
Cantaloupes. 25075 c per crate; Nutmegs. 100
25c per box on the wharf. '
Pears, 40060 c per box; Bartletts, $l(ffl 2" per
box for green and 50@75c for ripe; in bulk, $20
@45 per ton.
Nectarines. 40@50c per box for white and 500
65c for red.
Figs, 7=;c per box for double layers of small
black and 35050 c for large purple.
Peaches, 50®75c per box and 40@50c per bas
ket: In bulk, $10025 per ton.
Plums, 2')®3oc per box; Prunes, 40@75c per
crate; Green and Yellow Plums, $20 per
ton. ■
Quinces, Co@7sc per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $l(Jfl 75 for com
mon and $208 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $45?4 r.O; California Limes, nominal;
Bananas, $1 60@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1
©2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
All fruits except Peaches are firm, and most
kinds are scarce. Prunes continue sluggish
about opening, and the only sales of new crop
thus far ore short sales, and the sellers may
not be able to deliver the goods. A significant
fact In this connection is that a heavy New
York house that made a large sale of old
Prunes last week In now buying some of them
back again at a higher price .than they sold
them for. There are few conditions to make
any dried fruit cheap this year, though the
usual attempts to keep prices low are being
made.'
DRIED FRUIT (Old Crop)— Prunes, 6Uc for
40-50's, 5c for SO-60's. 4c for 60-70' s, 3'4'33%ic for
70-SO's. 2«<g v 3i,lc for 80-90*8, 2H'g2%c for 90-100's
and 2<rT.2'4c for 100-110's.
DRIED FRUITS 'New Prunes. In
sacks, 6©6Vic for 40-DO's, B^SVic for 50-60'?. 4@
4V.JC per Tt> for 60-70's, 3Hc for 70-RO's. 303i)4c
for SO-90's and <i2~',i: for 90-100's; Apricots,
10^<gllc for Royals, 12'<. | Rl."c for Moorparks:
Peaches, s({i6c for Standards and 6 l *<3~c for
choice; Evaporated Apples. 7@7%c: Sun-dried.
405 c per lb; Nectarines, S@S%c per lb; Pears,
7%@B»c for quarters and SQ9c for halves;
Black Figs, 2i,i(3 1 2aic.
RAISINS— 3*ic for two-crown. 4»ic for three
crown, Fi?4e for four-crown, 4'4^r6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers: Dried Grapes, 2*i©3c.
' NUTS— Walnuts, ss?Sc for hardshell, 10®11c
for softshell; Chile Walnuts, ll@12c: Almonds,
new crop, 7'4c for Languedoe and !>>4c for pa
per-shell; Peanuts. 5%06%C for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts, SV4"i9c; Filberts, ll@UHc; Pecans, 7V4®
8c: Cocoanuts, $4 5006.
HONEY— Comb, ll%c for bright and lOUc for
light amber: water white extracted. 7K@7^c:
light amber extracted, 2^7c; dark, 6%c
per Tb.
BEESWAX— per It).
Provisions.
The market continues quiet, and will probably
remain so until the military celebration Is
over.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, gUc per lb for
heavy, 9@9%c for light medium, lie for light, j
12'-ic for extra light and 13c for sugar cured; I
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13% c; California '
Hams, 13c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Prime Beef, Jl2 50: extra clear. $16 50; mess,
$15015 50; Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%@6%e per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
7%c; 10-lb tins. SUe; 5-lb tins. S%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%07%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Local Hide dealers report a strong and lively
market at unchanged prices. Wool and Hops
show Do change. :
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted '
steers, lO01Otic; medium, 'jfir-ic: light, 9c; i
Cowhides, 9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c: dry Hides, sound, 16c: culls and brands,
18c; dry Kip and Veal, 16e: dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 20030 c each; short
Wool, 35@60c each; medium. 70090 c; long Wool.
'.»• •■■ii'io each; Horse Hides, salt, S2'a2 25 for 1
large and $1 2501 50 for small; Colts. 23060 c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4<;i4' L . ■ per lb; No.
2, 3«3',»c; refined, ; grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clips — San Joaauin and
Southern 1 months. '•'■'"'■ San Joaqiiln Foot
hill, defective, B09c; Valley Oregon, 17@18c;
Eastern Oregon. 12® 14c for choice and 9@11%c
for fair to good.
Fall Clip — San Jnaquln Lambs, 8@10c; do
plains, 708 c; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain, 7>4i§9e.
HOPS— crop, 16®17Hc per lb; 1399 crop,
12c bid with no takers.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7TF7 1 2 c; Wool
Bags. 26i(2Sc; Fruit Bags, sVic, sic and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7@7'ic for
bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $S: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
iC; Bryant, f6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. S7 50;
Scotch, $. y ; Cumberland, $9 in bulk and $10 50
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Canned. $S per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, J7 bu; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
■
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A crushed and Fine Crushed, 6Hc; Pow
i landy Gran ; Dry Gran
ulated 6c; Confectioners' A, 3c; (California A,
— ; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4*4 c; Golden C.
4%c; barrels, 1-16 C more; half barrels, Vie more;
V_C more; f-'i-lb baps. ] N '' more. No or
der taken for less than 7.". barrels or its equiva
lent. Dominoes, half barrels, 5} t e; boxes, 6c
per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
All kinds remain as previously quoted. The
feeliiiß is firm all around as a rule.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7<gSc per lb for Steers and 6V2@70 for
Cows.
VEAL— 7OIOc per lb.
Ml'TTON— Wethers, 7%©Be; Ewe?. 7!(f7>Ac per
pound.
I. * MB- Spring. BHO9C per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, i\'c!.".\c for small. 6c for
medium and - I k hogs and
Feeders, S'/jc; dressed Hogs, 70S&C.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, AUGTJST 24.
Flour, qr sks.... 21,035 Middlings, sks... SO
Wheat ctls 995 Hay. tons 6.'4
Barley, ctls 4,360 Pelts, hdls IT"!
Oats, ctls 3,640 Hides. No 195
Cheese, ctls 87 Wool, bags 2i)3
Tallow, ctls 208 Egcs. doz 10,f150
Beans, sks 12 Leather, r0115.... 101
Potatoes, sks 4,M* Wine, gals 26,7."0
Onions, sks «:.; Sugar, sks 156
Bran, sks 7MSugar, Lbls 75
OREGON.
Flour, qr «k5.... 1,660 1 Oats, ctls 740
THE STOCK MARKET.
* ■ *
The Bond Exchange held one session yester
day and adjourned over until this afternoon i
at 2 o'clock. Fluctuations were few and
narrow.
Mining stocks were firmer, but dull. The
telegram from the pump said: "At 6:30 this j
morning the water was 31 feet 6 inches below \
the 1950-foot level. No. 1 eleva;or has been '
running continuously."
The Best and Belcher delinquent Bale takes
place to-day.
The Pacific Stock Exchange adjourned at
noon on account of the marine parade. The
San Francisco Board met In the afternoon, but
made no sales. -
In the Belcher mine on the 100-foot level
the east drift from the station Is now in 6i
feet, having been advanced 12 feet during the
week. The face shows porphyry. "On the 1000
--foot level the east crosscut from the main
north lateral drift is out 233 feet, S feet hav
ing been made during the week. The face 13
in a mixture of quartz and porphyry. On th->
JIOO-foot level the work of cleaning out and
retlmberlng the Belcher, Crown Point and
Yellow Jacket north lateral drift is still be
ing continued. There have been hoisted dur
ing the week and stored in the ore-house at
the mine thirty- mining carloads of ore, the
average top sample of which shows an assay
of $22 per ton.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Aug. 24-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid-Ask.
Bonds— IKquit G L Co. 3' 2 4
<s quar coup.. — Mutual El Co. 16% 16%
(8 quar reg.... - — OG L & H.... 48 -50
4s new quar... — 131% Pac Gas Imp. 69% 70%
63 quar coup. 109 Pac I, C 0..... 40 43
Miscellaneous— S F. G & E... C9U 69%
Cal-st Cub ss.— — San Fran .... 3Vj 3%.
C C Wat 55... — HO/i Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 65..123,£135 i Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s — 117 Firem's Fun. 1225 —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
HC&- S 5V>5..107« — Anglo-Cal .... 6.1 63
LARy 5s 106U107Vi Bank of Ca1. ..276 2SO
L. A L. Co 65,. 99 — t:al 8D 4 T.. — US
Do gntd 65.. 99 — First National. 23o 237%
Do Bind 65.. — 100 Lon P & A. ...129& —
Market-st C 5...126 1 £ — , Mer Exchange — 16
■Do Ist M Ss.llT'i — jNev Nat 8k..415314 —
NCNO Ry 7«.11O — Savings Banks—
N Rof Cal 6s. — 115 Ger S & L.. 1650 —
N Rof Cal 68.114 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC B R B«.10S% — Mut Say Bk. 39 —
N PC R R 65. 106 107 B F Say U... 500 —
N Cal R R 55. 11 l — Say &L, 80. — 82Vi
OGI; &II f.5.11l — Sec Say Bk. — 300
Oak Transt to. lll Union T Co.HOO 1440
Om C By .127 — Street Railroads—
I' &Cl Ry 65. 105 107 California ....117 120
Pk &O By 6s. 115 — Geary 50 —
Pnwell-st R (is — 125 Market-st 81% "52
Sac El G&RSS — — Oak f> L, &H. — 50
SV A N P 55.113U — Presidio 12 IS ;
F & S JV58.115 116 Powder—
S R of Cal 6s. 11PSV4 — California .....150 165
S P of A 63...111V4— E Dynamite... S5 —
S P C 65(1905).112 112*4! Giant Con Co. 73Vi 74 !
S P C 65 (1906). — 11414 Vlgorlt 2% W. !
R P C 6s(1912).118 122 Sugar-
SPCI3 eg 55.10214 — Hana P C 0.... 15% 15%
SPBrCs 125^— Haw C&SCo 96 96V£
S V Wat 65.. .11614 — Makaweli SC. 50% 60*
S V Wat 45... 104 104% KHauea S C. — 30
S V \V4s(3dm)lol% — Makawell SC. 50% f.0%
Stktn Gas 65.. 104 107 i Onomea S Co. 39 39*8
Water Stocks— Paauhau S C. 39% 39 7 /8
Contra Costa.. 76 76^: Miscellaneous— '
Marin County. 50 - |A! Pac A88n..117%118^i
Spring Valley. Mer Ex 'Assn.. — mrt
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. 89% &>%
Capital Gas...— — A FA...: 1% —
Cent GCo — — p ac C Bor Co. — —
Cent L & P... — 7 |Par Paint Co. 8& _
Morning Session.
Board—
2 Bank of California 275 00
60 Giant Powder Con 73 50
70 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 96 00
10 Hutchinsnn S P Co 31 S7>4
?3000 Market Street Railway Ist con E5...117 so'
200 Onomea Sugar Co 30 no
50 Paauhau S P Co. b 30 40 00
30 Pacific Coast Borax 133 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas 4 00
80 Hutchlnson S P Co 32 00
40 Market Street Railway 62 CO
26 S V Water 102 00
ICO Vigorit Powder 3 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas 4 00
40 Hawaiian Pom'! & Sugar Pr. 75
$2000 Los Angeles Railway 5s IC6 7.'
110 Mutual Electric Co 16 SO
50 Onomea Sugar Co 38 >:- 2
25 Paauhau S P Co 40 00
30 S F Gas & Electric 69 50
20 S V Water 101 87#
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 181 200 Mexican 4*
100 Belcher 33: 400 Ophlr 110
100 Choi 31 j 100 Potosl 31
100 Gould & Curry. 3s' 450 Utah 07
200 Mexican 491
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha Con 07 100 Gould & Curry. 37
100 Andes 16 2.-.0 Ophir 103
200 Caledonia 54 100 Ophir 107%
100 Chollar 32 100 Ophlr 110
100 Con Cal & V..1 77' v 100 Overman 11
350 Con Cal & V...1 SO 100 Savage IS
200 Con Cal & V..1 S2>4 100 Sierra Nevada. 6S
*- 9
Sun, Moon and Tide.
<S> . — — »
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. AUGUST 25.
Sun rises R:34
Pun Bets 6:4S
Moon rises 9:14 p. m.
C Time Tlmel Time ITimei
5 I 1 Ft. ! 1 Ft. ! Ft. I 1 Ft.
? JH W L W HW| |L W|
23~7.. 2:24 4.51! 7:58| l.« 2:2S] E.SI 9:03 0.5
26 ... 3:31 4.3 8:41 2.1 8:15 6.7! 10:10 0.4
27 ... 4:50 4.0 9:31 2.C 4:001 5.6 l 11:22 0.4
28 ... 6:21 3.9 10:33 2.9 5:06! 5.4
I,WHW L W H W
29 ... 0:35 0.3 7:46 4.0 11:54 3.1 6:13 5.3
30 ... 1:S8 0.2 8:471 4.?' 1:101 3.1 7:19 5.3
31 ... 2:28 o.l| 9:31| 4.6 2:15| 3.0| S:l3| 5.3
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th"
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th*
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hvdrotrraphlc Office, T*. 3. X., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, C'al.,
August 24. I
Thp time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINB,
Lieutenant Commander, V. S. N., in charge.
♦ » j
Steamer Movements.
1 i\
<j> »
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. Due.
Aberdeen ' Humboldt ! Aug.25
Belgian King... China and Japan Aug. 25
Fulton Portland .' Aug.25
Willamette (Seattle Aug. 25
Aloha [Point Arena Aug.25
Pomona Humboldt Bay I Aug. 26
National City... Grays Harbor Aug.25
Portland St. Michael Aug.25
Point Arena (Point Arena Aug 25
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound Aug. 85
Alameda (Sydney Aug. 2".
Tltanla (Nanaimo Aug.25
Coos Bay INewport Aug. 26
North Fork (Humboldt Aug. 2«
Mackinaw Tacoma Aug 27
Wellington Departure Bay | Aug. 27
Curacao (Mexico Aug. 27
Weeott Humboldt Aug. 28
Brunswick Oregon Ports Aug.25
Robt. Adamson Nanaimo Aug. 28
Crescent City... Crescent City Aug. 2S
Corona 'Pan Diego Aug. 28
Columbia (Portland [Aug. 28
C( qullle River.. [Grays Harbor Aug 28
Luella Tillamook Aug. 29
Mineola Nanaimo Aug. 29
Progreso Seattle Aug. 30
Bonlta Newport Aug:-22
Acapulco 'Panama Aug 30
Queen -. Victoria & Puget Pound Aug. 30
Areata Coos Bay (Aug. 31
Bertha St Michael Pep. 1
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Sep. 1
Santa Rosa Pan Diego Pep. 1
State of Cal.... Portland ' <?!'■ -
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. P:«r. |
Weeott I Humboldt [Aug.25. 2 pm'Pier 13
A Blanchrd Coos Bay Vug. 25, 5 pm Pier 13
Samoa IHumboldt | Aug. 25, 10 amlPier 2i
China ChinaAs Japan i Aug. 25, IpmtPMSS
Areata Coos Bay [Aug. 26. 12 mjPier 13 ;
Albion ... .Cape Nome... Aug. 28, 10 am(Pier 2'
State Calif. Portland Aug. 26. loam Pier 24
Santa Rosa Sen Diego (Aug. 26. 11 amlPier 11 i
Aloha Point .(Aug.26. 3 Pier 2|
Pomona ....Humboldt Aug.27. 2 pmlPier 9,
Coos Bay ■• Newport Aug. 28, 9 amlPier 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Aug. 2*. 2 Pier 2
Peru ..Panama (Aug.2S. 12 ralPMSS
North Fork. (Humboldt (Aug. 29. 9 am Pier 2
Brunswick .Oregon Ports. [Aug. 29. 10 amlPier 20
Umatilla ... Vic ft Pgt Aug. 29, 10 am Pier 9
Corona .....ISan Di°go (Aug. 30. 11 amjPler 11
Conuilie RvlGrays HarborlAug. 30 '
Columbia ..(Portland I Aug. 31, 10 amlPier 24
Bonlta | Newport [Sep. 1. 9 am'Pier 11
«- "" »
Shipping Intclligoice.
*. _ »
ARRIVED.
Thursday. August 24. i
Stmr Noyo, Winkel, 15 hours from Fort j
3rAgs
Stmr Gipsy, Inland. 20 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61 hours from
San Dle«u, etc.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 11 hours from
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 40 hours from Port
L<-'s Angeles.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 40 hours from San I
Pedro Weeott, Ellis.' 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Weeott, Ellis. 24 hours from Eiireka.
Stmr Portland. Lindquist, i:t' L . days from 3t !
Michael via Anvil City and Unalaska.
" Rr Btmr Belgian King, 40 days from Hong- j
kons, via Yokohama 21 days, and Honolulu D I
dl Ship Occidental, Bennett, 6>i days from |
Schr Norm a, Larsen, 2 days from Fort Bragg.
Schr Twilight. Hansen, 7 days from Grays
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reye "- CLEARED.
- , Thursday, August 24.
Bark Alden Besse, Potter, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Eros Co.
Bark Martha Davis, McAlmon. Honolulu; i
Welch * Co.
Schr Sophia Sutherland. Schrocder. Panama, i
via Fort Bragg; Dempster Sons.
SAILED.
Thursday, August 24.
Etmr Bonita, Nicolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage, Victoria, etc.
Stmr Signal, 1 Bendcgard, Coos Bay.
Fchr Corinthian, Korth, Bowens Landing.
Schr Coauille. Pearson, Coquille River.
Schr Monterey, Knudscn. Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 14. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind BW; velocity 14 miles.
SPOKEN.
Aug 10, lat 16 N, lon 13 W— Br ship Rajore,
from Hull, for San Francisco.
July 22. lat 55 S. lon 64 W— Br ship Duchal- ;
burn, from London, for San Francisco.
Aug 15, lat 32 N, lon 19 W— Br ship Matter
horn, ■ from Antwerp, for San Francisco. [
DOMESTIC PORTS
SAN PEDRO— Aug Schr Abble, for
°Arriyed Aug 24-Brle Courtney Ford. fronT
HUENEME- Sailed Aug 24— Schr Excelsior,
for Port lilakeley.
Schr Mabel Gray, from Eureka.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug Jar stmr Kln
shui Maru. from Yokohama. Aug 23— Stmr Pro
greso. hence Aug; 20. _ , _
UMPQUA— Aus 23— Schr Louise, for
San Pedro.
Arrived Auk 20— Schr Lily, hence Aug 6.
Balled Aug 23-Stmr Mackinaw, for San Fran
cisco: stmr City of Topeka, for Dyea.
GRAYS HARBOR— Aug 23— Schr C T
Hill, for Hueneme; schr Viking, for San Fran-
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 24— ship
Fairport. from Yokohama; sehr A M Baxter,
from St Michael; schr F S Redfield, from Hono
lulu.
ST MICHAEL— In port Aug 10— U S stmr Cor
win: Ktmra Laurada and Del Norte; barks Hun
ter, Oregon and Agate.
Sailed Auk 5— Btmra Hannah and Oil City.
for Dawson; stmr Alliance, for Seattle: schr
Sailor Boy, for Port Townsend. Aug 6— Stmrs
Mary F Graff and Monarch, for Dawson. Aug
7— Schr Abble F Morris, for Seattle. Aug 9—
Bktn Catherine ' Sudden, for Port Townsend.
Any 10— Schr Mildred E. for Seattle.
Arrived Aug o— Stmr Roanoke, from Seattle.
Aug Schr Mildred E. from Cape Nome; stmr
Geo Stonemnn. from Yukon River. Auk —
Stmr Laurada. from Seattle.
TACOMA — Arrived Auk 23— Stmr Queen,
hence Aug 11. Aug 24— Schr F S Redfield, from
Honolulu.
Sailed Auk Bark Tidal Wave and schr
Comet, for San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Arrived Auz 24— Stmr Alcazar,
hence Aug 21. _
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Aug 24— Stmr Whites
boro. for San Francisco.
USAL— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Newsboy, hence
Aus 23 ■ >
Sailed Aug 24— Stmr Navarro. for East San
Pedro.
BANDON— Arrived Aug 24— Schr Joseph and
Henry, hence Aug 12.
NEWPORT— Arrived Aug 24— Schr Wawona.
from Port Blakeley.
EUREKA— Aug 24— Stmrs. Aberdeen,
and Pomona, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Aug 24— Br ship Macduff.
from Calcutta. Aug 23— Stmr Columbia, hence
Aug 21.
Sailed Aug 23--Stmr Fulton, for San Fran
cisco. Aug 24— Br ship Bothwell. for Queens
town.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Aug 24— Schr Thomas
S Nesrus.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Aug 22— Stmr Acapulco,
for San Francisco.
DEPARTURE BAT— Sailed Aug 23— Br stmr
Wellington, for San Francisco. Aug 24 — Barge
Colorado, in tow tug Pilot.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 24— Ship James
Drummond, hence March 30.
QUEENSTOWN Arrived. Aug 24-Br ship
Bowman B Law, from Oregon. Aug 23— ship
Falklandbank, from Oregon, and proceeded: Br
bark ( «!« ■■'• c, and proceeded.
HONGKONG — Arrived Aug 24— Jap stmr
America Maru, hence July 26.
ANTWERP— Arrived Aug 21— Br ship King
David, from Oregon.
LElTH— Arrived Aug 23— Br ship Troop, from
Oreson.
YOKOHAMA— Aug 23— Stmr City of
Rio de Janeiro, for San Francisco. Aug 15— Br
stmr Carmarthenshire, for San Diego.
Arrived Aug 23— Br stmr Glcnogle, from Ore
gon.
• TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Ger
manic, from New York, for Liverpool; stmr
Derbyshire, from Boston, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Mm 24— Stmr Spaarn
dam. from New York, via Boulogne.
Sailed Aus 24— Stmr Staater.dam. for New
York, via Boulogne.
HAMBURG— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Patria,
from New York.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Aug 23— Stmr Clenogle.
for Tacoina.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 24— Stmr Fuerst
Blsmarrk. for Hamburg, via Cherbourg and
Southampton; itmr Prinz Regent Lultpold, for
Bremen, via Southampton.
Arrived Auk 24— -■•' > Britannic, from Liv
erpool and Queenstown.
GENOA— Arrived Auk 2»— Stmr Aller. from
New York, via Naples.
LIVERPOOL Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Ser\-.a.
from New York: stmr Germanic, from New
York, via Queenstown. — —
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
Steamers leave Broadway
Wgk, M wharf, San Francisco.
1 tßt»H>fc For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
jßJrLjkpfefc August 19, 24. 29, September 1.
altiTOa change at Seattle.
f'W&Kas^ **til For Victoria Vancouver (B.
1 K&j£^J*v3l C.) Port Townsend, Seattle.
f^SS^ai THc,.,.;,a. Everett. AnacorteS
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m. August 19. 24, 23.
September 3. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to thlscompany's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. :
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. August
17. 22. 27. September L and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayuecs. Port Harford (San Luis Oblapo).
Oaviota Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. 4
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) ar 1 f
Newport. 9 a. m.. August 20, 24. 23, September
1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles).. 11 a.
m.. August 18. 22. 26. 10, September 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose dpi
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guayraa3 (Mez.). 10 a. m.. 7th of eaca
1 month.
For further information obtain folder.
' The company reserves the right to changi
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
an ,l hnnr« of sodlne 1 .
TICKET OFFICE- 1 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Ants..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 8. R. & N. GO.
' DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
IT ADC .512 First Cla«M» Including Bert*
rnRL $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Aug. 26. Sept. S
COLUMBIA sails Aug. 21. IT, Sept. 10
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all DOlnts In the Northwest.
Through tickets to ill points East.
E. C. WARP. General Agent,
630 Market st. V
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABI3.
Stopping nt Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, in a. m.
St. Louis Aueu«t 3n|St. Louis Sept. M
St. Paul Sept. I St Paul Sept. 27
New York Sept. 13! New York Oct. 4
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland Aug. SOI Kensington — Sept. 20
Pouthwark ....Sept. 6 Nordland Sept. 27
Wcsternland ..Sept. 13" Friesland Oct. 4
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of its agencies.
TOYO RISEN kaisha.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling nt
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MART Tuesday. September 12
AMERICA MART' Friday. October 6
HONGKONG MARU Wednesday, Nov. l
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For ■
freight and passage apply at company's office. ki>
42! Market St.. cor. First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
jjJSJS <! V /"J3?C3S^lßs3fjl Alameda sails
isr7^J%ft WrnVZL, via Honolulu and
I yirf'Sl a Auckland for Sydney
©ÜBUBBfiflsA Wednesday. Septem-
jSs&lllSf via Honolulu ar..l
•X*" 1 ""* Auckland for Sydney
H - Wednesday. Septem-
, 1 w iN^i/ I* A ber I, at l< P. Irl -
! tipO-\t nVfiUmSniD'--' The P. S. Australia
GJ.CaMUIMU sails for Honolulu
TSi**^ (OTinTlßm Wednesday, Septem-
r -S. \V/i!iyvJliejr her 20. at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Sue*,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Aqts.. 114 Montgomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
COMPAGNIE GENERATE TRANSATLANTIQETE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,^-c**-
Balling every Saturday at 10 a. m. "CicT"*
from Pier 42, Nonh River, foot of -°J*s*'* l 'T>
Morton st LA TOUHAINE. Sept. 2; LA,
CHAMPAGNE, F*j t. 9: LA GASCOGNE, Sept.
16: LA BRETAONE, Sept. 23; LA TOURAINE.
Sept. 30. First-class to Havre. SCO and up-
ward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $4.">. 10 per cent reduction
on r und trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA/ 32 Broad-
way (Hut* "n building. New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery aye.. San Francisco. - : -■. :f |
BAY AND EIVEE, STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello." ' ,
MON., Tue3., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9-45 V
a. m.. 3:15. S:3O p. m. (ex. Thurs. night) Frt
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. 'm.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
i FARE ,  .....; 600OFTHE
V V bat cities//
MILLER DENIES
ANY DESIRE TO
OFFEND MAYOR
Sole Anxiety to Have
Good Streets.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
00$ Broadway, Aug. 24.
Superintendent of Streets Miller does
jot approve of Mayor Snow's criticism
of his actions regarding the tax le\y.
He says he has no idea of running
counter to the Mayor, but that all his
interests are centered in a desire to im
prove the street system.
Mr. Miller said to-day:
The exact language cf my communication to
the City Council In retard to providing funds
for the improvement of main thoroughfares
reads as follows:
••I therefore respectfully recommend to your
honorable b.viy that East Fourteenth street.
between Thirteenth avenue and the easterly
city line, and Telegraph avenue, between
Broadway ani Thirty-sixth street, be declared
by the ordinance to be boulevards, and that
an allowance of 12 cents be included in the
park ami boulevard fund of the tax levy about
to be rlxeJ for the express purpose of paying
.-ne-half of the cost or pavtne th- former street
and cf permanently repairing the wornuut i-or
tiur.s of the latter."
In making this request I had no thought of
asking for an increase In the tax levy. I was
simply anxious that s< mewh-re !n the levy
there, should be provided an allowance for this
work, ar.d I believed that it could be best ac
complished through the fund mentioned. It
will be rememberr-i. no dembt, that three years
ago when the question of improving Ea^t
Twelfth street wa." before the Council that
communication after communication was ad
dreseJ to this body by the 5-treet Superintend
ent ani that nearly all the crtan;:eii r»l! j =
In the city. (n?l'.:<i!rig the Board of Trade, Mer
chants' Exchange and other improvement
clubs, took an interest in the matter, and that
the whole fi.sht centered on the question of hay-
Ing an allowance made in the tax levy for the
work.
There 1« aiways more or less debate D the
City Council ever fixing the exact amount to
be provided for each fund, and it will not be
known until the levy is actually fixed by the
Council Just how much will be placed in the
park ar.d boulevard fund.
I was summoned to appear before the Coun
cil Committee on Tuesday evening, as were
the heads of ether departments, to discuss this
very matter, and my communication was writ
ton" late Monday afternoon after said notice
had been received. I desired that the matter
should be formally presented at their regu
lar meeting Monday evening so that the ques
tion would be properly before the Council. It
is certainly a well-known fact that the heads
of ail the departments appear before the City
Council each year, net only of their own
volition, but upon the demands or the Coun
cil when the tax levy is being discussed, and
that each man d^es the b-rf.t he can to pre
vail upon the Council to provide as liberally
as ->cFs!ble for his particular department. This
was the sole purpose I had In making; this
recommendation, and any thought of •iffendlr.g
the ilaycr personally or the Board of Public
Works «as furthermost from my thoughts.
I have never known of the members of the
City Council going either individually or as a
body to the Board of Public Works to dis
cuss matters of this kind pertaJr.lng ' ) the
Street Department.
On the other hand, it is a matter of daily
recurrence for members of the Cour.cil to call
at my office for information and data of one
kind or another, and this is particularly true
during the period of the year when the tax
levy is being discussed. It seems to ha'-e been
assumed by members of the City Council and
the public generally, that the head of the
department, who is devoting i.is whole time
and attention to his official duties, is compara
tively well Informed as regards the details of
Ms work and the necessities of his department.
On June 23 last, a communication was ad-
Jressed to fhe Board of Pusoc Works, stat
r.g substantially th« facta set forth In my
vmmmlcaUon of last Monday to the City
Council, and urging at the same time that
t!-e!r Influence be exerted lr. behalf of this
much-needed work.
I know of no other way Of accomplishing
:he improvement of these thoroughfares at an
early date, except by having provision made
In the tax l«\y of this year's funds, and I
certainly had no thought uf exciting any op
position, much less a persona! attack by the
Mayor, by making an effort in the usual and
rustomary manner to bring about the desired
Work of Philosophical Union.
BERKELEY -» ab
r'ornia
of Pr ~ad of
the depart meet-
Ings :'nfon
will i
■
■ ■
the r = : w;;h
•
to be giver, each
nvT - t of I ear till May
■ trea are
cper. ■
■ » ■
Quarrel Over a Wife
;: AND. Aug 24 —John Raven was
•' ' tj for mak
the life of Antone
Hartmann. Both men are expert ml
s.t Te^ia. Raven had reason to b
• hla wife wa? too friendly with Hart.
latter that if
he ever came - ■ cottage
again he would kill him.
COMPLAINT OF
DISCHARGED MEN
No Travel Pay and Only
the Regular Ration.
Letter of One of the Men Who
Thinks They Have Been
Wronged.
The following is from W. M. Coplan. a
discharged soldier who returned on the
Sherman, and judging from the how!
■which the discharged m. set up when
The Call reporters came aboard the sen
timents are voiced by every discharged
man on •.ne transport:
At sea, on board the United States trans
port .^hemari. three hau-nes down the hold,
en route to Ban Francisco, Cal.: Not having
very much to do and much R-ss to eat (1 have
mertlv mentioned the latter fact to prove that
my time wasn't taken up in any shape or
form) I want to have a few plain words with
4fce people through the press In regard to the
army and aciualnt the public with how thfe
Government appreciates the men who have of
fered their lives for the country when she was
To illustrate how entirely the War Depart
ment llvps up to the rules and regulations laid
down for the government of the armies of the
V cited States,. I will cite the following as aa
Paragraph No. m. Army Regulations. 1595.
Fays tne following In regard to disc ha sol
diers:
Traveling allowances to discharged soldiers
are computed hy taking the distance In miles
by the shortest usually traveled route from
place of discharge to that of enlistment and al
lowing one <lay'R pay and subsistence at the
rate of 30 cents for every 20 miles of travel. i
It further gop S on to say •-..•. transporta
tion has been furnished for any part of the dis
tance that part will be excluded from the com
putation of travel pay. but subsistence ■ it the
full distance will be allowed. The Government
was never known to furnish transportation in
kind to a discharged soldier, but always paid
full Travel pay. and that was an Item figured
upon from the day of enlistment. Recruits and
ie-enllsted soliiers would choose a frontier
post, where soMlertng is no picnic, so that at
the end of their enlistment their travel pay,
money saved for clothing not drawn in kind,
et--.. amounted to a neat little sum and has
cften helped men to get a new star", in life.
Some time In January of this year an order
came to Manila tiimed by the Secretary of War
to discontinue giving travel pay to discharged
soldiers, but to furnish them with second-class
passage on a Government transport, or if no
transports are available to furnish second-class
passage <-n sorae lln«>r (before that order came
men received the earn- transportation li addi
tion to travel pay). This order was only for
troops serving in Cuba. Porto Rico. Hawaiian
and Philippine Islands, but did not affect those
pervinK in the United States. The Justice of it
Is, I suppose, because foreign service is the
hard-
The men as well as officers of the regular
army were all not only Indignant, but could
not believe It to he true at first, for In plain
language It Is highway robbery: the Govern
ment broke Its agreement. The Secretary of. (
§)^mmi)
SON'S AWFUL
CHARGE AGAINST
HIS MOTHER
t
I f
Obtained a, Deed by
Threats. I
. 4
♦
. Oakland Office San Francisco Call, ♦
90S Broadway. Aug. 24. ♦
Public Administrator B. C. Haves filed
a most sensational suit in the Superior >
Court late this afternoon against Adolph ?
H. Bauerle for the recovery of valuable •$
property belonging to the estate of the I |
latter's mother, the late Mrs. Louisa H. >
Bauerle, who died in this city on the 9th 7
inst. ♦
While the" object of the suit is princi- <*>
pally to have annulled a certain deed, i
wherein the mother transferred to her son X
the title to certain property located In
Ea.st Oakland, the allegations in the com- 7
plaint setting forth the method of fraud '
and undue influence exercised by the son t
over the mother are such as seldom find 4
their way into documents outside of a ♦
divorce complaint. i,
When Mrs. Bauerle died she left prop-
erty valued at about $15,000. Shortly after i
her death her two daughters— Mrs. Louisa f
Kromme and Anna Silva — learned that ♦
she had l»ft a ill in th« possession of X
their brother. Adolph H. Bauerle. But
they also discovered that the red mother j ♦
had deeded most of the property to the a
son, who, fearing a contest, refused to
file the will for probate. Then the daugh
ters sought the offices of the Public Ad- <v
ministrator, who promptly petitioned for +
and was granted special letters of admin- [
istratlon. Immediately thereafter Adolph :
H. Bauerle filed the will and asked to be ¥
appointed executor, as he is named in the 2
instrument, and now the suit riled to-day : '_
is In the way of a contest. *
Pubiie Administrator Hawes alleges in 4
his complaint that at the time Mrs.
Bauerle deeded her property to Adolph *
she was in ill health and incompetent to .3
manage her affairs and that while in this
condition the son. through threats that he «
"would expos her criminal relations with 8
one Henry Meyer in 1894." induced her to j
sign the deed. The complaint further *
specifies and quotes the exact language ,i
which Adolph Bauerle is alleged to have
uttered during one of these spasmodic ,
threats in these words: "I'll let every one i '•
know about the affair. I'll let every one 1
know some of the dirty tricks you have
been doing." i
Such threats, declares the special ad- m
ministrator, caused the mother to be
thrown into hysterics, which was fol
lowed by illness and which eventually
resulted in her deeding to her accusing
son much of her valuable property. It is 1
asked that the deed be declared null and j
void.
Celebrct on Notes.
Among the cabin passengers on the
Sherman are three youths of tender years.
who must have opened their eyes wide
with wonder at the reception which wss
accorded the transport yesterday. The}
belong to wealthy and Influential faml- '
lies of the island of Negros, and they
have been sent to this country by their !
parents, who are friendly to "1. Ameri- i
canos," for the purpose of being edu- j
cated. They are under the guardianship j
of Father McKinnon, who will place them !
in some college.
The California regiment attributes the
splendid trip it has had over to the bene- ;
ficent influence which has been exercised !
in its behalf by the following mascots, j
who have worked right and day to fulfill !
the requirements of their position. The
boys consider that, owing to the splendid
service they have rendered they deserve i
special recognition.' They are "Hard ■
Luck Pete," "Fleas." "Skibly" and "Kick- '
apoo." four Filipino dogs; "Butts," a !
goat; "The Parson," a fawn; an assorted;
lot of several hundred monkeys with \
names too numerous to mention, ditto par- j
rots, ditto canary birds, "Victory," an I
eagle, and a job lot of cats.
The Call tlew the American flag- higher
yesterday .an it has ever been flown be
fore. When the whistles blew the signal I
for the formation of the bay parade three '
large box kites, constructed especially for
The Call, were given to the breeze from |
the top of the Mills building. Between the '■
kites fluttered a large flag. The kites
mounted steadily in the brisk wind, and l
when the Sherman passed below them
had attained an altitude of 4000 feet. The
flag, which according to measurement was '
at lea- 2500 feet high, was almost invlsi- ■
ble. Over two miles of wire was reeled !
out in reaching this elevation. The kite
flying was in charge of A. M A lee, who I
was ably assisted by H. T. Dodge and W
Scholl.
The Filipino band has been secured by
the Native Sons and Daughters to play
on the grand- stand opposite the City Hall j
during the time that the night parade j
shall pass. ,
v ar has no right to take away anything Con
grc-s save us. But to free, themselves from
blame and be good fellows they are now hold- !
ing out that money to us as a "bait." They j
offer us that money on condition that we re
enlist, enslave ourselves for three years more.
Just as if three months' soldiering In the Phil
ippines wasn't enough to satisfy any man. Of
<"ourße some fish will bite at anything— so they
bite at the travel pay (which is ours any way)
and get caught. But those wise enough to get
out dent yet off without punishment. They
are aliened to steerage passage on an army
transport, even if their former rank entitled
them to first-class cabin. The Red Cross
nurse«. members of the postal service and
needy Filipinos travel first-class; there la room
for them when there is none for discharged
men. It matters not whether one is a hospital
steward or a dishonorably discharged soldier.
U's> the same, steerage.
It would take hi. too much time and space
to describe the life of a discharged soldier on
a United States transport: one would think
that we were political prisoners sentenced to
Siberia by the mighty Czar Instead of Ameri
can citizens, whose only crime Is that they
were aoliVern and would not re-enlist to serve
in the Phil!; :
A terrible rime, is it not? It isn't sufficient
that these men have all braved hardships,
diseases and the enemy's bullets uncomplain
ingly and been robbed of travel pay in the bar
gain It Isn't sufficient punishment to hold
theni in the army after their contract had ex
pired. These men were a!: held against their
will and all rerxirts to the contrary notwith
standing. It Isn't sufficient punishment that
these men were held after being discharged
under pretext that tl-Te wasn't room for them
on the three transports that left Manila., which
Is a poor "■ ise it best. All these men are j
anxious to return to their families and voca
tions, to take up life where they left off. But
no: they must wait until It will please some
official In authority to grant a bit of space
below three hatches down In the hold (this In j
lieu of travel pay> and subsistence enough to
bold body and soul together.
All they? are not. sufficient punishment, but
the men must be sacrificed to military rules,
and when It pleased that walking hogshead of
"Cyrus Noble" In the uniform of an artillery
officer to abuse and Insult us he could do it !
at his DlPacur". for It I? proper and Just: no j
re< i r e ?s for discharged soldiers.
The quartermaster Is the one supposed to '>
have charge of us and provide us with quar- !
ters and rations ; he gave us quarters as stated ,
above, but we never got rations— l mean the
full ration the Government allows. We sal
dom got sufficient food to satisfy our hunger, '
and besides being insufficient in quantity it (
was poor In quality, and badly cooked. Heat I
like Indlarubber. potatoes with double jackets !
(one of dirt), spoiled water called coffee for !
courtesy and heated dough (called bread) con
stituted a dinner and supper. The troop* on
board fared better because they had funds iic- j
cumulated from savings on rations.
Vow what we want to know Is what became ;
our pavings? During our stay at Nagasaki •
and Yokohama none of the discharged men ate |
on hoard a saving nt six days' rations for 254
men a total of 1024 rations, which is worth,
according to Government value, $381. Add to
this savings made while we were on board
and see if the quartermaster would have lost
any money by giving us macaroni when the
troops' had it. or giving us the same bread the
troops had 'I mean the bread with the raisins).
Ye? even that stale bread, raisins and hot
water which you named "plum duff," you
could have afforded for the discharged soldiers j
a( , well as the troops.
Wo know what a ration is: we know that j
no man (not even a discharged soldier) can •
eat up a Government ration, so there have j
been savings made and no extras bought, so j
THE SAX I'BAJiCISCO CALL. UiIDAY. AUGUST 'J5. IS«<<.
HER DUTY WILL BE
DIRECTING CHARITY
MISS KATHARINE CONWAY FELTON.
OAKLAND. Aug. 24.— 0n Monday next the directors of the Associated Charl-
Ues will meet and elect a new superintendent to succeed Mrs. Helen Kelly,
who retires September 1. The directors held an informal meeting last night
and unless present plans miscarry Miss Katharine Conway Felton will oe
elected. Her opponents are H. L. P.ranthover an • . but it is known that
a woman is favored and that Mrs. Kelly wll! not be re-elected. Miss Felton oas
been very highly recommended and is a cultured and practical woman. She is the
choice of many of the d sttors, and also has the necessary two-thirds vote
among the directors. Mr. Branthover. who ls connected with a commercial agency,
has only been a candidate for a short time, and Miss Felton's friends are confi
dent of winning.
DELGER HEIRS HAVE
WIDELY DIFFERENT IDEAS
OAKLAND, Aug. 24.— The compulsory
removal of two saloons from a portion of
the Delger block, between Ninth and
Tenth streets, has brought to light a most
remarkable difference of opinion that ex
ists between .sirs. Matilda Brown and
Mrs. Trowbridge. daughters and heirs of
the late Frederick Delger. Mrs. Brown
and Mrs. Trowbridge each own one-half
of the block. There were two saloons In
Mrs. Brown's half and she gave the pro
prietors orders to vacate. One moved
s.ime time ago, but the other Is now
moving. He is. however. <->n!y going into
ther half of the same bit i k Mr.-.
Trowbridge ha- ••-■* l:k-- her sts
u-r, so the saloon-keeper Is only muving
a tew :
■Mr?. Brown personally called on me
about two wt'e-ks ap- said Mr. '■ ■
berg, one of t c saloon -k opera "ai I I
me that while she had notni-g- whatever
against me Individually, and no specific
( harge to make against my mode of con
ng my business, she did not like my
en and felt obliged to a.~k me to re
it from be - She m^ution
ed that she had joined the church. (if
course, I had very little to Hay. I spoke
gently. I replied that if she did not
like either me or my business. 1 ha.il to go.
When I perceived acr condition, I knew
there was no use in expostulation.
" I have been in these quarters for
twenty-four years." continued Mr. Rosen
berg. ' "I have paid in rent far more than
the building I? worth. Let me see. I have
n an average $1500 a year, which
makes $36. 00 ft— fully double what this
the question is -who is benefiting by it? Ac
cording to army regulations we are entitled
to subsistence at the rate of 30 cents for every
twenty miles of travel. Four hundred and two
days from Manila to San Francisco makes a
total of $120 60. This, then, Is what we pay
for that Muff we have been getting on board
the Sherman, so we ought to be entitled to
the savings at any rate.
We, therefore, demand that an Investigation
be made and our wrongs righted, and the only
way the Government can right our wrong Is
by restoring and paying us our travel pay,
which Is ours by right and is due us for hon
est and faithful service.
WILLIAM M. COPLAN.
Late Acting Hospital Steward, U. S. A.
STREETCARS
TO BE STOPPED
After the bay celebration was all over
yesterday afternoon the executive com
mittee held a short meeting at Mayor
Phelan's office to discuss some changes in
the programme that had been suggested
and to arrange for a banquet for the
lowa boys after the parade. It was an
nounced that General Shafter and Ad
miral Kautz were at Monterey and would
not be able to be present at the celebra
tion to-day tut would probably be on
hand to-morrow nierht. A message from
Captain Terry of the lowa said that he
could not be in town at all, and Lieuten
ant Wetzel appeared before the committee
as his representative. Lieutenant Wetzel
suid that hie ordrs from Captain Terry
were that the boys of the lowa might par
ticipate in the parade, but that under no
circumstances could they be granted ahore
leave in a body.
The procession to-day will brgin at 10:30
o'clock, and the committee decided to
communicate with < "hief of Police Lees
and renuest hint to hold un all street cars
along the line of march after 10:30 o'clock.
The following letter was addressed to
him:
Mr I. W. Lees. Chief of Police, Qty— Dear
Sir; Please Bee that there is nu •-■hstrurtion or.
the line of march during the day and night
parade. The day parade starts at 10:30 o'clock
fr a the foot of Market fctreet. Please see that
r.u cars are on Market street ea3t of Van Ness
avenue lifter half-i;.
The night parade starts at S o'clock. Please
M-« that no cars are Gn Market street east of
Van N'p» avenue after half-past 7. We do not
desire any cars to be. on the track on iiwer
Market street. Keep them .ill on thesf occa
sions above Van Ness avenue until after the
I .iraiie 1? pa^t. Same rule would apply to
Kearny and Montgomery streets aa far as Cali
fornia.
We would aljo advise that ynu put a special
squad n^ar the Chinese stand at the Junction
of California and Market streets to protect the
occupants thereof. Yours truly.
JAMES D. PHELAX. Mayor.
Nearly a Fatal Car Accident.
Passengers on a south-bound Fillmore
street car had a narrow escape from death
yesterday afternoon. After the passing
of the naval parade a large number of
spectators boarded an electric car on Fill
ALAMEDA COUNTY
building is worth to-day, taking no ac
count of compounding interest. Had this
lady's father lived, I do not believe L
would have been turned out of a place
where I expected to end my business life.
"The > singular circumstance about the
matter is that we are moving into the
other half of the same building, four doors
higher up. whose owner is Mrs. Trow
bndge. a sister of Mrs. Brown. Although
I am naturally discomposed, besides hav
ing to pay $600 to move four doors away,
I have no animosity toward the lady. I
appreciate her condition."
J. J. Carroll, the proprietor of the
Louvre under the Macdonough Theater,
also has his story to tell. "It knocked me
out of exactly $3000 when I was given no
tice .by this lady to quit just before last
January. I was negotiating the sale of
my business in the basement corner on
Broadway and Ninth street. I felt that
1 was pretty badly treated at the time,
hut I could say nothing, as I did not care
to enter into argument with a lady. She
told me she had joined the church, and
that ended It. I was already the proprie
tor of this place. I was in that place five
years. Mr. Delger must have thought
pretty well of me, as he expended (5000
in- fitting up those premises. Mrs. Brown
told me then that she was going to treat
the Rosenbergs in the same manner, md
now I hear she has kept her word."
Fatal Fall From a Ladder.
OAKLAND. Aug. 24.— William Balian-
I tyne, a painter aged CS years, died to
night at his home, 556 Jackson street,
from injuries he sustained last Monday
when he fell from a stc-p ladder. In fall
ing his body had struck upon the sharp
corner of a box, breaking several at his
ribs. He leaves a widow, a daughter,
Mrs. C. M. McGowan. and two sons,
Charles and William Ballantyne. An in
quest will be held to-morrow night.
more street, and when it had reached a !
point midway between Green and Filbert J
streets the power was not sufficiently
strong to carry the heavily laden oar fur
ther in its upward journey. Before the
grlj -man I ould put on the brakes the car j
to descend at a rapid rate. A panic
seized the passengers, but before any
could jump off the cool-headed gripman '
brought the car to a standstill. A private
ned at the Presidio was the only
passenger to receive an injury. He fell
off when the car began to descend and
received a nasty scalp wound. Hlfl in
juries were treated at the Golden Gate
pharmacy, corner Fillmore and Union j
streets.
Programme of the Concert.
The following programme has been sub
mitted to the executive committee for the!
concerts to be held from 10:30 to 1:30 j
o'clock on Saturday at Union square and
Columbia square:
"American Overture" (containing national
airs of America), Catlln; selection from "El
Capltan " Sousa; "Wizard of the Nile Waltz,"
Herbert; grand military battle piece, "Recol
lections of the War." Beyer; "Cavalry
Charge," Lueders; "Old Flag Forever." na
tional son?, L. France; grand American fan
tasia, tone pictures of the North and South.
Theodore Bendix; contents. "Keller's American
Hymn," "Maryland, My Maryland." "Old Zip
Coon," Bonnie Elolse," "Reveille." "Tenting |
To-NlKht," "Dixie." "Carry Me Back to Old
Virginia," "High Level Hornpipe," "Massa's
in the Cold. Cold, Ground," "Star-Spangled
Banner": patriotic song. "The Sword of Bun- |
ker 11:11" (for cornet and barytone). Calvert;
selection. "Robin Hood." De Koven; fantasia j
nn "Old Kentucky Home," with variations for
all instruments. Pal bey; patrol, "The Blue
and Gray" ; march. "Stars and Stripes," Sousa.
Will Find No Welcome There.
The California-street Station has been
tastefully decorated under the supervision
of Lieutenant Esola. 'Streamers of na
tional colors, clusters of ferns and ever
greens and myriads of incandescent elec
tric lights grace the entire front of the
building. Officers Peters and Grunwald
wer charged to place the decorations in po
sition, and they were not consulted as to
what they thought appropriate and sug
gestive. To the dismay of the lieutenant,
they hoisted a large sign on which was
painted the word "Welcome" and sus
pended it directly above the door. It took
the lieutenant five minutes to tear it down
and quench the thirsts of those who were
witnesses to the incident.
CELEBRATION
OUT OF TOWN
COLUSA, Aug. 24.— At an early hour
this morning every flagpole in this city
had Old Glory at the top in honor of the
return of the California boys. At 1:40,
when the dispatch was received announc
ing that the transport was entering the
harbor, whistles from mills and boats
tooted bells on all the churches and pub
lic buildings rang out the news, while
PROCLAMATIONS
NOT NECESSARY
FOR OAKLAND
Made a Holiday as a
Matter of Course.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Aug. 24.
To-day was practically a holiday in
Oakland, not because of any proclama
tion, but because the people treated It
as such and the merchants, bankers and '
civic officials were naturally forced to ;
fall into line.
The balloon that ascended from The
Call office last night gave the signal for
rejoicing, and there will be no surcease
till Sunday. This city was never so will
ingly a part of San Francisco as at pres
ent. Although It was well known that
there would be no demonstration of any
kind last night thousands of people went
to San Francisco and every train since
has been loaded to its full capacity.
Superintendent of Schools McClymonds
concluded it would be a good thins to
close the public schools from last night
to Monday morning, and he issued the ;
order. At the last meeting of the Board
of Education the superintendent was au
thorized to close the schools "on the day |
of the parade." This would have been]
to-morrow, but Mr. McClymonds is not ■
troubled by such a trifle as an order of
his Board "of Education, and later he |
may have to make an explanation to
i Director Redington.
The members of the Grand Army wish j
i the relatives or friends of all returned j
i soldiers belonging in Alameda Counts to
hand their names in at the Grand Array
headquarters or to the ladies of the Re
lief Corps as soon as possible. A ban
j quet is being prepared for the boys on
Tuesday evening, and all Alameda Coun
ty men who fought in the late war. irre
spective of regiments, are invited to at
tend and enjoy the evening.
A communication has been received by
Mayor Snow from Grand Marshal L. C. I
Pistoles! of San Francisco inviting the j
city officials of Oakland and the officers j
of Alameda County to take part in the I
grand parade to be tendered the Califor- ;
nia Volunteers Saturday evening. ■
The Oakland company of Veteran Re
serves. Captain C. K. King commanding,
with their band, has been selected by the
! grand marshal to escort the o'rhcials to
San Francisco. There they will join
the officials of that city, continuing with
San Francisco. There they will join with
them under the same escort during the
parade
Mayor Snow accepted the invitation
and wrote Mr. Pistolesi telling him the ;
sincere pleasure it gave him to do so.
All Grand Army veterans are invited to
fall in and be escorted to San Francisco
by the Veteran Reserves and oity office's.
j The men will meet at the armory of th«
i Reserves at Twelfth and Webster streets
■ at 4 o'clock on Saturday afternoon.
.. ♦ .
Alameda News Notes
ALAMEDA, Aug. 24.— Mrs. Matilda
Warttold Shreve died this morning at
g-30 o'clock tit her home. 1805 Santa Clara
' .ceased was aged 57 years and
was the wife of George W. Shreve. the
well-known dealer in guns and sporting
supplies.
The exhibition of drawing work of the
pupils of the Indianapolis public schools
that was to have taken place at the
quarters of the Teachers' Club this after
noon and evening has been postponed,
owing to the arrival of the Sherman.
The members of Company (i. Fifth In
fantry Regiment. N. O. «'., will take part
in the parade to be held in San Francisco
to-morrow morning. The company will
leave for San Francisco on the 9 o'clock
broad gauge train. It is expected that
the company will have sixty men in line.
CUT HIS WAY OUT OF
JAIL WITH HIS KNIFE
OAKLAND, Aug. 24. — Gustav Seamans. who was removed from the
County Jail to the town prison at Centerville yesterday afternoon by
Deputy Constable Walton, was not present in the Centerville Justice's
Court to-day when his preliminary examination on a charge of burg
lary was called. Deputy District Attorney W. H. L. Hynes wont to Center
vine to conuuet the examination, but the prison authorities were unable to
produce the prisoner, who had flown some time during the night. Hence
Justice Sandholt adjourned court and inspected the town jail. It was found
that Seamans, who had been allowed to roam about in the main
corridor, had ' climbed to the top of one of the cells, and pre
sumably with a pocket knife had cut his way through the roof,
leaving as the only clew an irregularly cut hole in t.ie jail's shingle covering.
Seamans was charged with breaking into Mr. Theisens butcher shop at Cen
terville and stealing a set of harness and other rticles. which he subse
quently sold to a county road saloonkeeper. Up to a late hour he had not
been recaptured.
I anvils belched forth their part of the r
I enthusiasm. For one hour Colusa was
th*» scene of wild excitement.
NAPA, Aug. Company H. Fifth
Regiment. ■ N. G. C lifty-two members
strong, commanded by Captain t . \%.
Bush took train this afternoon to join
their regiment in the great parade at San
i Francisco in honor of the return of the
First California from Manila. There was
! the wildest enthusiasm here to-day.
GILROY, Aug. 24.-The arrival of the
California troops was the signal for the
blowing of whistles, the ringing of bells
and music from a brass band to-night, j
i Flaps were hoisted all over town.
I SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 24.— A1l was excite
ment among the delegates to the Grand ,
Council of the Young Men's Institute
when they heard of the Sherman being
sighted. A good portion of the delegation ;
! was ready to return to San Francisco this
i morning until word was received that the
boys would not be disembarked until Fri
day. i
Early this morning the committee of
arrangements met and preparations were
made to finish the entire Grand Council :
proceedings to-day. The grand ball which
i was to have been held to-morrow evening
took place to-night and was followed at j
11 o'clock by the banquet, so that the boys
could all be in San Francisco In time to !
welcome the California volunteers, many .
of whom are members of the Grand In- j
I stitute. ,_ , i
A special train has been chartered and
will l»ave Santa Cruz to-morrow morning
with the members of the Grand Council. :
! who will arrive in time to participate in j
i the glorious homecoming. The boys are :
: wild with excitement.
The session this morning was full of pa
triotism one of the first things being the j
adoption of the following resolution:
Whereaß. The recent return of our soldiers
from the Philippines brings to the minds and !
hearts of all the people of our country senti- <
ments of admiration and deep gratitude in con- ;
nection with all those who want far from their
home and offered their lives in the service- of i
their country; and whereas, among those gal- !
lant soldiers that went to war were a large :
number of members of the Young Men's Insti- i
tute some ot whom while fighting at their |
.ountrys call have laid down their lives be- j
sid« their comrades in arms; therefore, be It
Resolved/That the Young Men's Institute, in I
this grand council assembled, mindful that a
part of its motto— pro patria— is to teach it«
members that patriotism to country is one of i
the highest duties of man. publicly places the
seal of its hearty approbation on those of its
members who gallantly arose In arms at the
call of the President of the United States, and
declares that they have in bo doing worthily \
lived up to the teachings of this order.
Resolved That to them and to all the soldiers
returning the Young Men's Institute joins with ;
the people In the most cordial welcome, and the
board of management of the Young Men's In
stitute Is highly commended for Its generous
subscriptions and work toward adding to the
welcome qf the home-coming soldiers.
Every train leaving here to-day has been
crowded with our people and visitors
bound for San Francisco to welcome home
the California volunteers. The city is rep
resented by Mayor Lamb and a delegation
of Native Sons.
Mrs. J. Roney is to represent Santa
Cruz Council No. 12 of the Young Ladies' !
Institute In the parade j
3VV F"f k\ Mill//
AGED WOMAN
TELLS IF ANEW
BUNKO GAME
• .
Hotel She Bought Had
"Stuffed" Rooms.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Aug. 24.
If the allegations made in a complaint
filed in the Superior Court this afternoon
by Attorney H. Shafter Aldrlch, on behalf
of aged Mrs. Sarah Rose, can be relied
upon, as incontrovertible, she has been
victimized out of the several hundred
dollars to which she looked for comfort
in her. declining years by Alfred D. and
Phoebe A. HcNevin and G. A. Stevens,
who are described in the complaint as
"sharp, shrewd business people, smooth,
slick and designing, of polished and per
suasive manners, appearance and ad
dress."
Against this trio the plaintiff, aged TO
years, of weak sight and suffering from
mental and physical affliction, evidently
was no match. In her complaint Mrs. Rose
alleges:
That on July 5. IS?9. defendants. McNevins
and George A. Stevens, through fraud, trick
and device an! with intent to swindle and ■
cheat plaintiff, induced plaintiff to purchase
the fixtures and furnishings of a certain lodg
ing-house at Tic Eighth street, for $700. when
they well knew at the time that said fixtures
and furnishings were not worth more than $300; ;
that they also presented that the place was ;
a going one and would give plaintiff a good :
living and $100 per month clear.
Relying upon the representations on account
of the lady-like appearance of Phoebe A. M ■-
Kevin and the gentlemanly appearance and
polished manners of A D McNevin and G. A.
Stevens, and on account of the nice, slick and :
plausible way in which they explained she i
could make a good living she paid over to de- i
fendants $300 in cash, giving her promissory
note in the sum of MOO., together with a mort- ;
gage as security to cover the balance.
Mrs. Rose soon realized the alleged j
fraud, and believes now that the room-?
at the alleged lodging-house were
"stuffed" at the time she purchased,
hence she now seeks a decree to have the
note and mortgage declared null, as hav
ing been executed and delivered on fraud
ulent representations and without consid
eration, and asks that the defendants be
ordered to refund to her the $3» cash paid .
them. _______^___
MRS. HEARST DECIDES
TO LIVE IN BERKELEY
BERKELEY. Aug. 24.— 1t is understood
that Mrs. Phebe Hearst will shortly take
up her residence jn the university town.
This more on the part of Mrs. Hearst
is thought to be in line with the interest
she is at presdt taking in the affa:
the University of California. Mrs. Hearst.
it is said, will make her home a center
tie entertainment and social life of the
women students of the university. The
fxnit location of her residence has not
vet been deofded.
■ ♦ ■
The Unitarian Club.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 24.— The regular meet
ing of the Unitarian Club was held last
evening. Henry Weinstock delivered a lec
ture on "Jesus, the Jew." W. Holdridge
of the Olympic Club gave an exhibition of
club-swinging. The secretary announced
that the executive board had elected Her
man Heinsohn, F. P. Royle and F. W.
Voogt members of the club.
Charles L. Weller. Brainard C. Brown
and Dr. H. M. Pond were appointed a
committee from the club to act in con
junction with the reception committee
having in hand ttie preparation of a home
welcome to \lameda members of the c irst
California Volunteers. The next club
night will be on September 6.
FARCE WOULD
BE WELCOMED
THE true American comedy, comedy
drama and romantic play seem to
be so well on the way toward per- ■
mar.ent success that it is time for :
seme one to arise in our midst and
carpenter a farce with other than a
French hammer. Let him see that it is
not beamed with the chemical bionde, ■
with song and dance, who gives her man- \
ager the slip to elope with the susceptible
saphead inventor to lie complications into
the biff-bang action that follows, the man
who makes his exists crashingly through ;
glass and the dog who nourishes his right
ing temper on the male trouser-leg and
coat-tail. Though many a tough old farce
Jacobite will yield up these traditions
grudgingly, it may be stated without fear
of immediate contradiction that there art
other ways of being funny. A close ob
server of the daily life of the world will
tlnd much that is frivolous and ridiculous
at his very door, and these truths exag
gerated in the telling might become so
interestingly farcical.
Stapleton's farce, "A Bachelor's Honey
moon," is a good one constructed on ihe
old traditional lines, but with a conces
sion of something novel here and some
thing unexpected there that lift it some
above its pattern. Barbara, the maiii
with her front hair curled around frag
ments of valuable missing information,
and the daughters who wear mourning for
a father morally dead, are a refutation .if
the notion that there is nothing new un
der the sun. Barbara, Verne Castro, has
the fresh look oT the unroLiged— as though j
a day's brisk sweeping had lashed a Ine ;
color into her cheeks. Since she plainly
does nothing but read detective tales and
answer the call beil gradually, the rapid
circulation effect adds to the fun.
Dr. Ludwig Schwartz was not written
the star part, bat in the hands of Charies '
Bates It has fortuned so well that it be- j
comes such in one's midnight conclusions.
Mr. Bates presents the languid, sorrowful
sentimental German with such nice iis
crimination and lack of exaggeration tha:
he gives it almost a comedy touch. Inei
Minerva of Helen Tracy is also Worthy oi
special mention for clever makeup and in- j
telligent conception. Delia Stacey d._.e.-<
cne good coon song, but nothing else that
lodges in the memory. The other mem
bers of the cast in no way offend, but they
are not in the least remarkable. Sin.c !
the fare* is patern^d on the old plans one
misses the glistening bouquet of iridescent '
flowers— buds, blossoms and scattered pc- !
tals— who usually fill the dull betwe<'n3
with a frou-frou of lingerie and the latest i
t / OF THE I
COULD GET NO
DIVORCE, THOUGH
WIFE DESERTED
Bushnell Idly Burned
Her Letters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Aug. 24.
Although his wife in reality deserted
him years ago. William Bushnell was de
nied a decree of divorce from Anna Bush
nell to-day by Superior Judge Ellsworth.
Bushnell in his complaint alleged deser
tion as the ground for his cause of action,
and there seemed little doubt that the
story he told on the witness stand was
true in every particular, yet the stern In
tention of the law precluded him from
: obtaining the coveted legal separation be
cause the letters by which he might easily
' have proved desertion had been destroyed
by him in a thoughtless moment.
Ten years ago the couple were married
in England, and two years later Bushnell
came to America to seek new fields in
which to reap a fortune. His frugal hab
its and willingness to work early and late
Boon gave promise of bright prospects and
:he sent for his wife and little one. Mrs.
Bushnell was not long in hurrying to
■ America to join her husband, but she soon
declared herself as not delighted with
American people and their manner? So
about five years ago she returned to her
I old home in England. Bushnell willingly
: defraying all expenses, with the under
' standing that some day the wife might
j change her opinion of Americans and re
turn to him. After a few years of corre
,' spondence and after numerous letters
wherein she declared she would never
. again visit America all communication,
i ceased, and recently BusTinell sued for a
, divorce.
But because no one had known his wife
; and no witness could be found who was
; cognizant of the desertion, and because
the all-Important letters had been de
stroyed, he could obtain no decree.
Victor Perl, who sued his wife. Eliza
beth Perl, for a divorce on the ground of
extreme cruelty, was more fortunate. He
is a pattern-maker, and for several years
has occupied rooms at the Galindo Hotel
with his alleged cruel spouse until during
the latter part of last year, when she be
] gan basking in the smiles of other men
j while her husband was away. On one oc-
I casion she did not return to their rooms
i until 3 a. m., and when the outraged hus
band remonstrated she flew into a rage
: and struck him with a shoe. Then fol
, lowed other abuses until Perl was forced
' to secure other rooms, since when, he tes
■ tified, the wife had gone from bad to
worse. Judge Ogden promptly granted a
decree.
Harriet E. Klatzl. the charming opera
singer, who at present is touring with a
company in the East, was also granted a
' divorce by Judge Ogden to-day from
Frederick J. Klatzl on the ground of de
sertion, and if the truant Frederick can
be found the court directs that he con
| tribute $5 monthly toward the support of
the minor child, whose custody is award-
to the mother. Klatzl is also an actor,
; and when last heard from was performing
;in a San Francisco theater. Two yea.\-3
ago he deserted the fair Harriet.
Barbara Botts has been granted a legal
i separation from James B. Botts on the
1 ground of desertion, and is again free to
resume her maiden name, Josephine Bar
bara Parker.
Manuel S. Bettenc->urt, who was granted
a divorce from Maria S. Bettencourt last
: January, has been cited to appear before
'. Judge Ellsworth on the morning of Sep
. tember 11 to , show cause why he should
not be adjudged guilty of contempt In not
■ obeying the order directing him to pay to
i defendant or her attorney. Frank B. Jo
sephs, the sum of $50 on account of attor
ney's fees.
The divorce suit of Maddalena Ghirar
delli against Antonio Ghirardelli was dis
. missed to-day at the request of plaintiff.
—^— - —
ALAMEDA PEOPLE CELEBRATE
Greater Portion of the Population
Witness the Naval Parade.
ALAMEDA, Aug 24.— The greater por-
Uon of Alameda's population was in San
Francisco to-day to see the naval parade
and to try to cai^h a glimpse of the brave
soldier boys aboard the Sherman. The
schools were not opened, the heads of the
department realizing that it would be im
:e to hold the children from going
-■ - the naval parade. The school chil
.vi 1 1 tie given another holiday to-nv>r
:. w s.i afl to give them an opportunity
of witnessing the landing of the troor>3
and the day parade. The merchants on
Park street have signified their intention
of closing up their places of business on
Saturday at 2 o'clock. Placards are up in
many of the stores announcing that they
will be closed. Hundreds of people went
from h»re t-> San Francisco last night,
many of them believing that the trans
port" would enter the harbor yesterday
evening. To-night the city is as deserted
as a country graveyard, the majority of
the people having gone to San Francisco
to see the display of fireworks and elec
trical illuminations.
popular song. At the close of this en
eaeement the California closes for four
weeks. CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
• m •
Custom-House Recess.
Custom-house employes have been fa
vorea by Collector Jackson with a recess
to-day from 11 a. m. to 4 p. m., to give
their, an opportunity of welcoming the
First California Regiment.
■ m •
An Effectual Barrier.
If you want to dispense with the visits
of an uncongenial individual just loan him
money. If that doesn't do the work ask
him for payment of the same.— St. Louis
Star.
. ♦ .
Sent His Wife.
Minister— l am sorry I di>in"t see you at
church yesterday. Taramus.
Tammus-Weel, ye see. it wis slcran a
wat day it wisna fit to turn oot a dog In.
But I Bent th.^ wife. «=ir— Tit-Bi"=
HITCHCOCK SCHOOL
(LATE SELBORNE),
SAN EAPAEL.
This school will reopen on August 23. with
handsome new buildings, heated by steam and
lighted by electricity. Every pupil has sepa-
rate room, chcice of bedrooms on first and sec-
ond floors. Steam from outside, no furnace. no
stoves, no flue? in boys' quarters. The nearest
approach to a Breprocf school. Arrangement*
have been made for boarding pupils an.l carry-
ing on the school in the Hotel Rafael until th«
buildings are completed. For catalogues, testi-
monials and references apply to the principal.
REV. CHARLES HITCHCOCK. San Rafael.
TRINITY SCHOOL.
OOrjfk WASHINGTON ST. OPENS AUO
tJIJXJXJ 7th Prepares for college and uni-
versity: twenty-second year: corps of 11 pro-
fessors. Accredited with the University. For
catalogue of Information apply to
DR. E. B. SPALDING. Rector.
... ■
flam in School and Van Ness Seminary,
10/IQ JACKSON. COR. GOUGH ST.. S. F.
lOtw Boarding and day school for girl*.
Accredited by the University of California.
Opens August 14. 1899 Send for prospectus.
SARAH D. HA MUM. Principal.
1112
SA N FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Fan Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, op«n
until 12 o'cli - !lt '" *•»• yQar -
BRANCH OFFI( ' " r * Btreet >
etorner Clay; open until 8:30 o'clock.
800 Hayea street; '>pen u*ntil 9:30 o'clock.
P39 McAllister street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
kin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission Btreet; open until 10 o'clock.
IMI Market ctrect. corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 < "ck ■k. , , ,
street; op-n until 9 O dOClt.
1 untli 9 o'clock,
of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: op^n until P .''cl"ck.
MEETING ■ NOTICES.
rTITIFORXI \ Lodge No. 1, F. and A. fl
Si T will im-et THIS (FRIDAY) A
EVENING, August 23, at 7:30 o'clock. y%J\
F,,,t *«™^™*r i of 1!'." Mast,:-. /"V
• ; . 1 AT, Secretary.
A £.°V^ m t£e 1L> De I gre D e?kf S^^
(FRIDAY) EVENING, August 25, =^3SS§sr-
sharp S o'clock. Visiting brethren -""
cordially Invited, ■, a ; ;Hi-AD, N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS, Rec. Sec. .
of the Uniform Rank, 7;r
KnlKhts of Pythias, will assemble at «, /£>
Pythian Castle. 909 Market st.. SAT- 2S<S5£
URDAY, Adjust 26, 1899. at 6.:30 p. -({f**3
m sharp In full uniform, including cotW hel-
met?, to participate in parade.
GEO. W. MONTElTH^aptain Comdg.
KNIGHTS ; OFi PYTHIAS Attention— «£.
All members of the ordtx are re- \ *£,
nuest to assemble ■' ' "-' Pythian O^-Vf,
Castle, 309 Market st., at 6:30 p. m.. /'■'*s£*
SATURDAY Aueust 26. for the purpose of
taking part in the parade All visiting broth-
era are courteously Invited to attend. iiy
order «s££%?££*£, Dlv . Marshal.
D W. BAYLOR, President.
Attest: A. J. MORRISON. Bee.
AN«'IENT Order of Foresters— All mem- g rju'
b^rs of this Order are hereby invited to \jT
r- port at headquarters, 102 O'Farrell > S
tt., on SATURDAY, Aug. 26. the '■■,*--
ing of our parade in honor of the California
Volunteers; at 6:30 o'clock sharp. A place
in our ranks will be assigned to all by ■ pur
Division Marshal, Brother M. MERIGAN.
H. BEAVER. President.
Attest: 3. E. JOHNSON. Secretary.
COURT Occidental No. 6676. A. O. F.- *fW?*
Oi ficer? and members will meet at A. c\T
O F Hall at C:3O on night of parade JT \
In honor of the return of the California «»-^
volunteers. By order, of^. yFILU c R .
ANCIENT ORDER OF HIBERNIANS f tf^^'3 I
in America— Officers and members, at- V, i |
tentlon: You are hereby notified to -X s it
assemble at Hibernia Hall. 120 Ninth £C\\fJ
st., SATURDAY EVENING, August •>*-»
26, at 7:3.i o'clock] to participate In the parade
in honor of our California boys. Visiting
members are cordially invited.
P. J. CORMICK, County Pres.
I. J. KELL.EHBR. County Sec.
£ervian-m«">xte'nkgrin Be- »
novolent Society— All members of «V?^J
this association ;ire hereby noti- ' '■'.' '*?
fled to assemble at SK. corner of fjUfJ-^.-i^l
Clay an.l Polk sis. at 6:30 sharp tfM3£&&£ri
on the evening uf . the parade, HP?*"3'iHl
SATURDAY, August 26. to par- fe&Fj^yj
tii-irate in the celebration in Vi'AjsKliy
honor of the return of the Call-
forr.'.a volunteers. By order of ""— * '
MARK TASOVAZ, Pres.
RIDION VUCOSAVLIEVICH, Rec. Sec.
AUSTRIAN Military and Benevolent. ,(>
Association— Officers and members ag- gj2£iCi4
semble in our hall, ."07 Sutter st.. sM'^j-;?
on SATURDAY EVENING. August !?C*2S
2S. at G:SO o'clock, to attend the re- r * ip
< Ttinn narade in honur of the California
Volunteers. Fines fc>£ non-attendance. By
order of M. PERICH, President. "
P. .■■■'.: Rec. Secretary.
sir> MEN. ATTENTION! — All /jj --
members of the Improved Order *^> . «te__-».
of Red Men are requested to meet -2ki^-
nt Red M»n's Hall, 320 Post St.. at 6:30 on
the evening of the parade in honor "i the re-
turn of the California Volunteers.
FRED B. SWAN. Dist. Marshal.
OFFICERS and members of Harmony Alliance
No. 15,; St. Patrick's Alliance of America—
Assemble at K. It. B. Hall. 1133 Mission St..
h.\TURI>AY EVENING. August 26, at 7
o'clock, to receive l><i'ig<-!' and particiiiate in ;
parade in honor of California Volunteers.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association —
All members of this association are hereby
notified to assemble ... hall, SOS Mont-
gomery st.. on the evening of the parade,
at 4:30 o'clock (SATURDAY) sharp, to par-
ticipate in the celebration in honor of the
return of the California Volunteers. By order
THOS. BENSON, President.
F. E. DURHAM, Rec. Sec.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' I'nion Association —
Refreshments will be served at the hall after
the parade. By order
THOMAS BENS( President.
WOODMEN of the World— You nre hereby no-
tified to assemble at the corner of Golden
Gat* aye. and Gough st. at 6 o'clock sharp, nn
SATURDAY EVENING, to join in the grand
parade in honor of the returning California
Voulnteers. iiy order of
M. T. MOSES." Chairman.
THOMAS T. HATTON. Secretary.
J. VV STANEART, Div. Marshal.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. S. Goodwin in the Birdseye
Creek placer mine, at You Bet, Nevada
County, to deposit tailing? in an old pit; from
Mrs. E. A. Cox. in the Washington mine, at
Whisky Diggings. Sierra County, to deposit
tailings in Fourth Ravine, and from George
W. Stone ami .J;trnes J. Schenrich, In the Re 1 |
Hill Kraxfl mine, near Diamond Springs, El
Dorado County, to deposit ■ tilings in a ra-
vine and In Ringgold Creek, gives notice
that a ineetir.g will be held at room 59, Flood
buililir.K. San Francisco. Cal., on September
4. l^TC'. at 1:30 p. m.
ACCOUNTANTS.
P. X BALLARD, 401 Cal. St., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations £ firms; ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law,
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts, ,
etc.. drawn; moderate fees; < all or write. !
MAGUIRE '&> GALLAGHER— G. Ma-
Biih-e lex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
inu, 825-^5 Market St.; tel. Bout 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. R. PARKER, 916 Market St.. room 67; advice
free; charge low: business pushed.
NAGLE & NAGLE, Attorneys-at-Law, Emma
Bpreckels building, .: Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market ft., opp. Mason.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
JlO^TET7TAlßl^ri7NY^^r^Ty^frr^^^ssTT7T4
Market Ft., B. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room, '1 per day up;
puites without board. $1 per day: single rooms, j
BOc; special rates by month, also to tourists. I
ROOM f.nd board on ranch near Calistoga:
lnrge orchard of fruit; plenty milk and cream;
good spring water: terms, $6 per weeif. Ad-
dress P. O. box 146, Calistoga, Napa Co., Cal.
F-RUiTVALE; prlv. board; extensive grounds,
Incl. orchard; Hopkins House, Hopkins and
Fruit ay. ; cars pass. Ad. Diamond P. O. 1
LAS PALM AS, IS2O Market— Parlor^ 2 bed-
rooms, tuitable for 4; private; bath; board op.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking: special rates to gents.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant, makes advances at
lowest rates on valuables of all descriptions.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, IS pages, gent to any address In the
United Ptnte*. i..-^tpn)f!. for $1 per year.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
LADY wants unfurnished room and board In
private family: location within four blocks
of Sixth and Market sts.; state- terms. Ad-
dress box 140S, Call office.
WANTED A place to board child of 4: room
for fatlu-r: central. Box 3249, Call office.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN. ~
CHILD to board; sunny yard and nice neigh-
borhood. Apply 261S Bush st. ■
CHILDREN boarded: pood home and care. Ap-
ply 1. Dame St.. off Thirtieth, near Church.
HOOKS MOW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St., near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A FINE chance to purchase a store, business
agency for sewing machines, 3 living rooms,
clearing J75 mo. III.ALV & CO.. 917 Market.
$200— RESTAURANT: bargain; departure cause
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777% Market.
TO let— ln large market with a good transient
trade; splendid location; a stand for oyster,
poultry or butter and eggs; rent $15. Apply
SONOMA MARKET. 1307 Polk st.
SALOON— S3SO; fixtures alone worth price. 12
Seventh St., I. O. O. F. building, opp. new
postof lice, building.
ACROPOLIS chophouse, on Sutro Heights;
cheap: going to Europe. No. 5, half a block
from baths.
RESTAURANT; good location; low rent; suit-
Able for man and wife. 1341 Market st. ;.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Gontlnnrd.
A— s2so— RESTAURANT doing a good business
on Larkin st.; rent low; splendid place for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market Bt.
A— ssoo SALOON < slab!, many years; clearing
above $100 per month; close to Market and
Fourth -ts R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A- $300; PARTNER wanted by a lady in anrst-
class paying saloon; very best location: low
rent; Investigate at once. R. G. WILKE,
906 Market st.
A— J3OO: FRUIT and vegetable store on Second
Ft.: horse, wagon; cheap rent; good paying.
Call H. G. WILKE, 106 Market St.
$650; SALOON; elegant furniture: dally re-
ceipts $18; rent $50; close to Chronicle. R. G.
\\ii KE 908 Market st.
A— sir>oo; CORNER grocery an I bar; transfer
point; rent $40: a good-paying store; estab-
lished years: full value In sight; all cash
trade. 1 all R. G. v ii.i- E. 906 iiarket st.
A— s7so; CORNER grocery and bar in Western
Addition: splendid business; first-class pay-
Ing; sickness of owner causes a bargain.
WILKE. 900 Market Ht.
A PARTNER wit'i J51200 wanted in old-estab-
lished country grocery store and bar: lively
manufacturing town: 15 miles from city. R.
G. WILKE. 906 Majrket st.
A— s6oo; NEWSPAPER and periodical route;
first-class paying; Including stock of periodi-
cals, store fixtures; and S furnished rooms.
Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
A— $1000; CIIOPHOUSE and coffee saloon in
Wholesale district; established many years
and doing splendid business; no low prices;
rent cheap Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
$3500: WORLTH $7000.
Lot XOOxICO. corner San Leandro road and
Rose St., In Fitchburg; new building, contain-
ing store, saloon, 7 rooms, al! Improvements;
in perfect order; fine garden; stable and ware-
house; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant roadside re-
port: must be sold: account sl-'kness of owner.
Apply on premises to C. CLUNDT; San Lean-
dro electric car passes door.
CORNER store. Twenty-sec and Castro sts..
new fixtures, for groceries and bar; good
stand. BURNHAM & MARSH CO., 20 Mont-
gomery st.
FOR SALE— Grocery; full stock; fine goods;
cheap for cash. 2401 Howard st.
ADVANCES at lowest Interest; private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant ay*>
BOARDING house and saloon for sale; cheap.
135 Folsom St.
FOR sale— First class three-chair barber shop,
doing good business; cheap rent. Inquire IDS
Taylor st.
GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office. ,
JSOO-^-PORK and delicacy store; well stocked;
receipts $600 month. Box .".2.";9. Call office.
PARTNER or purchaser wanted in restaurant
and bakers 1 on principal street. Box • 160, Call.
FOR sale or exchange— Cigar store, stock and
fixtures. Apply Call office.
WOOD and coal yard for Bale. Apply 1106
Larkin St., bet. S and 10 a. m.
BRANCH bakery, candy. notions; 2 living
rooms; want an offer. SOr.'i Filbert s^
For sale, cheap— 6 rooms and bath; near Van
Ness, and Market; completely furnished;
rooms pay rent. Box 17, Call Branch Office,"
106 Eleventh st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL &- CO.'S\4l2 Sacramento st.
BARGAIN— Meat market; $200; splendid local-
ity; cash business. Apply owner, 506 Castro.
FOR sale — Good paying Inside route on this
paper. Apoly Call office.
FOR sale — A good home bakery; particulars, at
2585 Market st., near Sixteenth. J. McElligott.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rages, sent to nr.y address In the
•-•-•■■ postpaid, ■■•■■.- year.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kind? of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
tic, cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
10f' SETS w»rond-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1 140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted wit] poor work
end •r> SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehan st. ; tel. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutti r st.
tel. Main 394. GEO WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleanc-d at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth ft.; tel. Jessie 944.
jTe. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
Ft.: cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONK! EN - Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate nvi : tel. East K'*.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and ;
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure i
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SHRITTJALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
bidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies: remove family trou- ,
bles; restore lost affections; unites the F»p- 1 |
arated: recovers lost, stolen or burled prop-
erty locates treasures and minerals; tells j
your entire life, past, present and future,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; s< nd stomp for circular .
v , m . special tfrms. MRS DR. P. CLARK.
3(i23'^ Market St., near Sixth. Always consult
the best.
MME LANGE the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never rails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fee, 2rc and up: satisfaction to
everybody; lucky numbers. 1167 Market st.,
bet. 'Seventh and Eighth. .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card render: born with double veil and second
Risht; diagnoses disease; full life readings;
ladies, 50c: gents. $1: sittings,. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. IS Sixth st.. rooms 2-3.
MOTHER SADIE, seance Sunday, 12 o'clock:
seance to-ni»ht, S p. m.; 25c. 409 I»eavenworth.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power in spiritualist reading, 25c up. 5 7th.
MME. HANSON, card reader nd palmist;
past, present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth St.. r. 12.
YOUR fortune told by cards, 25c; i daily. 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m. : Sun., 7 to 10 p. m. Slfl^j Larkn.
MRSC J.MEYER, 3X5 McAllister, tests daily ex-
cept Wed. Sat. ; 2 & 8 p.m.,loc&2sc;sittings daily.
A— JlOO 000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, jew-
Plry. pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. IB Grant.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
JJME. AUGUST, 1149- Mission st., clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; -'■■■.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
CHEAPEST find best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
POFtac nnitV
~ COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
DENTISTS.
A— DR T. S. HIGGINS 1 dental parlors, 927
Markot st , over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gns
or chloroform: also by local anaesthetics ap- I
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic 1
dentaUwork at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; I
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and!
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit ■
from $4 50 up' flesh colored plates from $3 50 1
up: teeth without plates a specialty; open |
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW ANAESTHETIC FOR PAINLESS
DENTISTRY, BYNOL
Removes the pain; an application to the
gums and the nerves sleep, you remain wide I
awake; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted, for 20
years; crown and bridge work;' Teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set, 55; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. BOS Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done. painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$S 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, & a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market ' St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; oil work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1 0 Polk st.
MEYER, 6 -Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays. 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. 850 Market st.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United Sta,te6, postpaid, for $1 per year. •
THE SAN FRAiN CISCO CALL, FKIDAT, AUGUST _5, 1899.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S F DRESSMAKING School: practical meth-
ods; terms reasonable. 104 Kearny st. _
LATEST patterns just arrived from New York
at McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Powt.
EOI; CATION AL.
HK\"L"I) ; HusTnesß College, 24 Post St., San
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
ehorthand. typing. languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
students, can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new SO-page cata-
logue free.
THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses; references. Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market st.. sh.irtr
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish telegraphy, under qualified teacher;' low
rates; life scholarship. $50; catalogue.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
LADY teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly; 50c
an hour; excellent pianist and' accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1200 Octavia.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, inech. survey. assay, archi. ; day and eve.;
eat. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 988 Market.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
in shorthand: pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
A. L. MINER gives lessons, private or class,
in Latin, mathematics, physics, etc.; 20 years
experience. 1312 Green St.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad.: French, Spanish,
$2 mo. 530 G. G. aye., r. 5-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAW 'Schools, 937 Market, S. P., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent: translations. 1512 Cal. St.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
ENGLISH literature, classes or private: special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of.
Leipsic; lessons, 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetlc.grammar, writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMI'IiOYMI-.VT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutler: tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.; t.-l. Grant 56
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Female.
YOUNG girl wants situation to do general
housework. Please call at 473 Eddy, nr. Hyde.
POOR woman with large family of children,
being without .friends, wishes to get an op-
portunity to earn sufficient to set to her own
country, Mexico. Address 775 Washington St.,
Oakland,
GERMAN girl wishes place for upstairs work
an.l s-ewing; last place a year and a half; $25
mo. Apply Friday. 1100 A Golden Gate aye.
A GERMAN woman lately arrived wishes a
position as housekeeper. Box 3247, Call.
DANISH lady wishes position as housekeeper;
city or country. Address A. C. box 3246, Call.
SWISS girl wishes position as laundress or
cook. 627 Commercial st.
ANY one desiring a German Jewish cook please
inquire at 130 Fourth St.. Oakland.
POSITION In Mechanics' Fair by first-class
lady demonstrator and saleslady. Address
MRS. WATSON, box 3258. Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do at
home. £21 Mission st., room 1.
IF you're short, borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 250 to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggae to and from ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages; sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Male.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414'^ O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
SITUATION wanted t.i take care of horses and
garden; good driver: can milk. Address JU-
LIUS KIECKBUSCH, 1800 Union, cor. Oc-
tavla st. _^
SOBER young man desires a position in pri-
vate family; understands the driving of
horses and milking of cows, etc. Box 1383. Ca1l
GOOD young barber wants position in this city;
got ■! wages expected. Box 1384, Call.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman,
understands the care of fine horses, cows,
garden work, is handy with tools and has
porter's experience, desires position. Box
?:M.-|. all. f
MERCHANT wants position: speaks English,
Spanish and German; experienced as sales-
man in Mexico, Germany and South China;
best of references. Address box 8248. Call.
SITUATIONS wanted by man and wife, former
understands vineyard and orchard work; wife
Al cook. Address box 1385. Call.
WORK by young married man, discharged sol-
dier: office work preferred: salary not so
much object as permanent position and ad-
vancement. Box 1264, Call office.
CHIEF engineer wants position; 26 years' ex-
perience, with compound condensing Corliss:
good machinist and electrician. Address room
13, Murphy building.
YOUNG man of 12 years' experience in com-
mission business, with $IWK). desires a re-
sponsible position; Al references. J. A. R..
box 111, Oakland office Call.
MAN and wife want situations: man as gar-
dener and wife as cook: first-class references;
city or country. Box 3261, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with tools, wants
lisht work; small wages expected; best of ref-
erences. Address H. W.. 10 Anthony st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC work by a man with some s
experience In most branches; climate, not
wages, chief object. Address box 3277, Call.
WANTED— By a young man, window or house
cleaning; all kinds of 'walls and wall paper
cleaned or other work. ANDERSON. 952
Bush St.; telephone East 563.
$100,C00 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable .young man
holding two bank references; either as janitor
or watchman. Address box 12". Call once.
RELIABLE marine engineer holding chief's
license wants position ashore; best of refer-
ences. Address box 1374, Call office.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, rent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for SI per year.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
.GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071VJI Market St.. San Francisco. ■
FLATS TO LET.
A— NEW fiats now ready; none more beauti-
ful; electric lighting and every modern con-
venience. 546 Fell St., near Fillmore. SPECK
A- CO., 667 Market st. '
A — slB; NEW flat; '. rooms, bath, yard. 2215
Pine St.. near Fillmore.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath, yard. 714 Franklin .st., nr. Golden Gate.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick — Modern
sunny flat; 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
in Montgomery st.
MIDDLE Bat of 3 rooms. ■ 1310 Larkin St. Apply
1318 Larkin st.
MODERN bay-window flat of 4 rooms and
bath; rent $15. 245 Ninth st.
MOSS. 30— A nice sunny upper flat of 5 rooms
and bath. Key cor Howard and Moss, nr. 7th.
NOE, £97-593, cor. Nineteenth— 4 rooms, 13 00;
5 rooms, $17: sunny corner; water free.
THIRD. 417%— Latest Improved flats; lst,Brms..
2 kitchens; 2d. 7 rms., one kitchen; new build-
Ing: both double bay-window sunny suits.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073. near Castro— s sunny
rooms; bath: large lot; $15; water free.
$16— GOOD ' 8-room house; large yard; good
view. 1021 Lombard st.
$I!)— FLAT: 119 William St.. near Post and Tay-
lor; 6 rooms and bath. Apply 112 William st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
- Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$300— FURNITURE and carpets, 7-room flat;
nearly new: rent cheap. Call 772 Stevenson
St., near Ninth.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
GOc. | Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $13 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
~ FURNITURE WANTED.
2ND hand— Highest cash price paid. 859 Mission.
HELP — Agent*.
STREET men and boys to sell badges. 9 Geary
St., room 15.
HELP WANTED Female.
C. R. HANSEN &CO PHONE GRANT 185.
25 waitresses, city and country, JJO. »-:>.
chambermaid, country, $20, free fare.
FAMILY ORDERS .............
House girls, city and country. tU to no,
house girl, Martinez, choice place. ?<:u. *-•
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS for a college. $20 and
found, each. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. -
WOMAN with a child. $15 per month; country.
D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT -cook. $8 per week; boarding
house cook. $25: cook for institution, ♦<■&. ->•
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
GOOD woman for country; plain cooking;
wages $20. 339 Twelfth St., r.ear Harrison,
Oakland.
______——
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted at 535
California St., room 5.
NEAT woman to do plain cooking. 427 Lar-
kin st. ■ _■
TAILORESS -and girl to help In tailor shop.
2519 Greenwich st. ; steady work.
GIRL to do light housework. Apply between 7
and S o'clock at 518 Ellis st. '
FIRST-CLASS finisher on line coats. £32V_
Folsom st.
GIRLS'. GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., at 32H Fremont St.,
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS _ CO., 36% Fremont
st.; take elevator.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO., LTD., Brannan
St., between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted: apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD.. Brannan st., bet. Third and _ ourth.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit:
steady employment. CODE - PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant sts.
GIRL for general housework; no washing; no
children: wages $15. 42S Connecticut St.; blx-
teenth-st. cars^ ' • ■■
WANTED— Young girl to assist In general
housework; wages $15. Address P. O. box 104,
San Rafael.
GERMAN girl; general housework; good
wages. 933 Halght St.
GOOD starcher and ironer wanted at St. Nich-
olas Laundry. Seventeenth and Folsom Bta.
YOUNG girl for housework. 1053 Market Bt., up-
stairs.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid; cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco. ( al.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye. > ___________________ (
HELP WANTED — Stole.
GRAPE 5........... GRAPES GRAPES
164 men or boys to pick grapes, $30 per month
and found: office fee $L MURRAY _
READY, 634-C36 clay St.
FOREMEN
Foreman mason. $4 BO day; 5 stone or concrete
masons, $3 50 day. country Jobs; harness-
maker Upholsterer ••• ••
3 foremen fur ranches.. s4o, $50, $36 and found
MURRAY 8 READY, 634-636 Clay St.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY FROM " A. M
GOVERNMENT WORK ...........
7 carpenters, free fare, v hours' w0rk.... 53 day
19 carpenters, different jobs, $3, $2 50. $2 day
and found. CARRIAGE PAINTER, ENGIN-
EER WAGONMAKER. FRUIT PACKERS,
MEN TO MAKE FRUIT BOXES, BASH
AND DOOR MAKER. CABINET MAKERS.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
MARRIED ■ $75. $40. $35, $30 and found
3 FARMERS and WIVES.. 2 cooks and wives
3 MILKERS and wives.. CARPENTER and
wife. MURRAY & READY, 634 636 Clay st. ■
............. BIG WAGES HERE
IS laborers (no experience), fare 35c $60
12 laborers for a farm (no teaming), 600 •
fare * f '°
19 laborers, free fare (no experience) $60
54 laborers for mines (no experience), fares
from $1 30, wages $57, $50, $45, $40, $35, with
board, etc •• •
14 teamsters, ! horses, fare $14. »G'J
6 teamsters, city work, haul sandstone
$40 and found
5; sandstone cutters, boss here $5 day
5 stonemasons, fare paid $ 3 50 day
drillers, h_ mmersmen, S. P. pass — 5-7." day
12 laborers to clean out tunnels, free fare.. s6o
r. diamond drillers for mines $3 50 day
12 coal moners 16 blockmakers
29 laborers Manufacturing Co., fare 10c
$36 and found
12 laborers Manufacturing Co., city.s26 and fd
184 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California., Including San Francisco, So. $2 50,
$2, $1 75 day, $40, $35, $30, $26 and found, come
• ■
rallkwagon driver, light truck teamster, city
Jobs $25 and found and $10 week. MURRAY
6 READY, 634 and 636 Clay St. •
WE SHIP YOU FREE FREE FARE
To every railroad in California but one (the
one we don't ship to is Coast R. R.). DRILL-
ERS HEADERMEN, _AMMERSMEN,
PLOW HOLDERS, MUCKERS, LABORIOUS,
TEAMSTERS, SECTION HANDS, ETCy
WAGES * 3 I)A^
Board and lodging, $4 50 week. WE SHIP
FREE. MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay St.
STABLEMEN AND HAY BALERS
9 stablemen, city and country jobs, $40, $35,
$30 $25. $20 and found; also gardeners, pri-
vate- 18 strong men to bale hay. fare $1, $3 50
day and found; boy to drive horse for hay
Dress fare 90c 533 and found '
DAIRY AND FARM AND HARVEST HELP
10 milkers, butter-makers.... s3o. $25 and found
54 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $35. $,"0, $26. $25. $20 and
found; 27 hay and harvest hands, $2, $1 50,
....1... .** CHORE MEN" AND 'BOYS
45 men and boys for chores on farms, etc.,
factories manufacturing . companies, learn
trades, cash boys bakeries, elevators and
bells, learn waiting, WASH CANS. $30, $26.
$25 $20 $15 $10 and $8 and found, and by the
DAY and WEEK
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
FRUITPICKERS. .S3O and fd.. FRUITPICKERS
34 fruitpickers. Banking Co.. fare $1
$30 and found
63 fruitpickers, north, special fare.. s3o and fd
49 fruitpickers, south, special fare.. s3o and fd
12 men and boys to pick fruit and tules, fare
50c $35 and found
8 strong boys to pick fruit and seeds, fare
jl 05 $23 and found
55 fruitpickers. No. 1 ranch, fare $150
$:!0 and found
Sfruitplckers fare $170 $30 and found
15 small boys to pick fruits, fare $3 50
$15 and found
NO! EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: YOU CAN
PICK FRUITS. MURRAY & READY, 631
and 636 Clay Bt. (
WE PAY YOUR FARES COME AND SEE
TO 47 SAWMILLS AND WOODS IN CALI-
FORNIA • •■• ■••_;••_ v
183 laborers (no experience required) to work
in yards, mills woods, etc.. learn to run
machines, etc., $26 to $40 per month and found
Tallymen, timber fellers, head don-
key men, crosscut sawyers, millmen,
woodsmen setters for mils, mill bench
hand, wood turners, tree fellers, tle-
makers and woodchoppera by the hun-
.... dreds. $00, $SO. $70. $60, $50. $40, $30 and
found; cord $2, $100, $1 cord; ties 12c
each. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
C 36 Clay st.
BOILERMAKERS MACHINISTS
3 boliermakers, country job $3 <;> day
2 machinists, city job •_.••♦» 'lay
MURRAY _ READY, 634-C36 Clay st.
14 BLACKSMITHS and horseshoers for
ranches, camps, shops, etc., also helpers,
$2 50 $2 day $50, $40. 135. $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS. LAUNDRY HELP BAKERS
39 cooks for hotels, restaurants, camps,
boarding houses, ranches, saloons, govern-
ment and excursion party. $60, $00. $4... $10.
$35 $30 and found: also second and third hand
broilers and SHORT ORDER, and boarding
w';7Ti.Rs. 1 :: HT . < : i c .vs¥Eß'-Hbus'E
31 waiters for hotels, restaurants, coffee
houses boarding houses, mines, camps, gov-
ernment, saloons, 'etc., $35, $30. $25, $20 and
found
DISHWASHERS •
53 dishwashers, potwashers, vegetable men,
kitchen hands, $25. $20. $15 and found
PORTERS ... JANITORS ... SHOEMAKERS
7 LAUNDRY-TEN $35, $30, $2" and found
3 second. 4 third hands nnd boys to learn
bakery business, $35, $30, $25. $20, $15, $10 and
found
INSTITUTION HELP '.'.'.'.'.'..... CABIN BOYS
MURRAY &READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED •••••
Grape pickers grape pickers
20 men to pick grapes for first-class vine-
yard company at Mlnturn, at $1 per day and
board, office fees reduced to $1 each
3 men to handle freight on bay steamer, $45
per month and found: laborers for brick yards
and mills, near city: milkers, near city, $25;
farm hands, $25 and $30
REMEMBER .....
W. D. EWER & CO., together with R. T.
WARD & CO.. guarantee every position as
advertised, and will refund office fee and
fare both ways to any one not offered work
where we send him. W. D. EWER & CO.,
810 Clay st. ■
WANTED— Man with experience in general
merchandise retail business; must have best
references; will pay $50 to $80. Address, with
fujl particulars, Grocery, box 207, Call, Oak-
land-
HELP WASTED .Male.
EXTRA waiters, $2 a day; 3 hotel waiters,
steady, $oO; waiter, nurses' hall, hotel, $25;
waiter, $S a week.
Fry cook, $55; broiler, $.'0; third cook, $12 a
week; night cook, $10 a week; night dish-
washer, $30; dishwashers, $5 and $C a week
and $25 and $3C> a month; extra kitchen hands,
$1 a day; vegetable man, $25; potwasher, ho-
tel $25, restaurant $25; potwasher, small city
hotel, $20.
Second baker, 6 days, country shop, $35 and
found; second hand. $9 a week, no Sunday,
city, third hand. $30 and found.
Silver cleaner for a first-class hotel. $25 and
found, call early; pantryman, hotel, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BOSS for threshing outfit. $4 a day.
Almond pickers. Contra Costa County, $1
and found.
Prune pickers, Santa Clara County. $1 and
found.
Fruit pickers, Butte County. $1 and found.
2 blacksmiths. $40 and found: stableman,
$25 and found.
C\_R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FEE— FREE— FEE. ■
FARE FREE FARE FREE
10 stonemasons $3 50 a day
25 stonemason helpers $2 to $2 50 a day
50 4-horse teamsters $2 a day
60 2-horse teamsters $175 a day
100 laborers $175 to $2 a day
For the Coast Railroad.
•All Free Fee and Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
FREE FAKE.
VALLEY ROAD FREE FARE
6 plowholders $2 15 a day
6 scraper loaders $2 15 a day
50 4-horse teamsters $2 a day
50 laborers $1 75 a day
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
APPLE packer, $28 and found; teamster, $30
and found; blacksmith, $40 and found; black-
smith, R R camp, free fare, $2 25 a day;
farm hands, laborers, etc. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
HEAD laundryman, $1CO; a thoroughly experi-
enced man in all branches. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
MARKER and distributor, $40 and found. C
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MEAT cook, $60; baker, $40, for a private fam-
ily hotel. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
HOSTLER, $1 50 a day and found; hostler. $50;
teamster, city, $30 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary, st.
CHEF cook and crew for hotel: second cook,
$45; night cook. $35; peveral waiters, $35; 15
dishwashers and kitchen hands, $35 to $15;
gardener, $25. etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton^
A DISIIWASHKR, $25 per month. D. CKLL.EN,
325 Sutter s=t. _____^____
WANTED— At once. 15 or 20 rough carpenters
at new coursing park job, Ocean View; fart
f.c.
WANTED— Shirt polishers at Contra Costa
Laundry, Fourteenth and Kirkham sts., Oak-
land.
PORTER wanted for retail store: city refer-
ence. Address box 3229. Call office.
PROOFREADER wanted to work a couple of
off hours each day. 1203 Market st.
BOOTBLACK wanted; wages. 1205 Flllmore
st.. near Turk.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter st.
WAITER wanted at 10S Hayes st. Call early.
EXTRA waiter wanted. 15 Third Bt.
GOOD waiter wanted; steady Job. 29 Fourth
st. ; call early.
GOOD waiter: steady employment. 1300 Turk
St., near Flllmore; call early.
WANTED— A waiter; call between 7 and 9. 907
Kearny st. •
BUTCHER— Young man; experienced. SO-
XiiMA MARKET, 1307 Folk_ St.
WANTED- Barber. ]4;'K Ellis St. __
WANTED— FIrst-clasa barber for country- 623
Minna St., in rear.
BARBER wanted. 215 Sixth st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
bathro in -. 120 Geary st.
TAILOR, cleaner and pressers wanted. 2519
Greenwich st., near Presidio.
WANTED First class >xtra waiters at the Bay
State, 2:' Stockton st.
FIKST-'I- \SS creamery man. Apply J.
BANDERS, 241 Seventh st.
BARBER wanted. 632 Third st.
YOUNG nnn with experience to work in
bakery at 127 Fifth st.
WANTED— Experienced waiter. Call early at
619 Post st.
WANTED- A man who understands his busi-
ness as deputy organizer for one of the best
fraternal orders in the United States. < 'all
or address DR. W. M. PARK, 24 Sixth St.,
Pan Francisco, Cal.; office hours. 10 a. m.
to 2 p. m.
MEN wanted fJ learn barber trade in eight
weeks: only institution teaching the tonso-
rial art; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermat tlogy; Sat wages; position.-;
guarantee, i- call or write for Illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler*a Barber College. G35 Clay st.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
fi 73 and 12; board, $( 60 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S ramp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
WANTED ■Laborers nnd mechanics to know
that Ed Rnikin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; ISO large
rooms; 25c per nisht: $1 to $2 per week.
TO tailors' salesmen— Salesman wanted; must
be acquainted with the business. Apply after
'.' a. m. to CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor.
721 Market st.
FURNACE tender for brass foundry. Apply
Superintendent THOMAS DAY CO., 725 Mis-
sion st.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands. Manl!;i. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
W \ MTED— Blacksmith's finisher, also a body
maker. Call between S and ft a. m.. 214 Elsie
st.. ..r 014 Ninth st.. Sacramento. Cal.
JEWELERS. 32S Bush st.. room 4.
SPINNERS wanted. Address Oregon City
Woolen Mills, Oregon City, Or.
WOOD finisher and varnlsher; boat builder;
cart and horse. 71S Third st.
FIRST-CLASS tailor, bushelman and talloress.
Nil 'KELSON & BERRY, Berkeley.
WANTED— First-class men to work in brick
yard at South San Francisco. San Mateo Co.
SAITX}RS wanted for British ships going to Eu-
rope. Apply at Clothing Store. 3i:> Drumm st.
BOYS from 14 to 18 years of age. Apply at 246
Sutter St.. room 14.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 138>4 Eighth St.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
LOANS on valuables made through Wells-Far-
go Express. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
GENT'S fine calf shoos tf) order. $2 50 up: sole-
ing, 30c up; heeling, 15c up. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie llfi-t.
TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter at.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st. ; free shaving in students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia nt HERMAN'S. 2fi Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lir.dell, 6th ar.d Howard; read. rm.
SINGLE rooms, lr.c. 20c. 25c per night; 7.'c. $1
to $2 f.O week. Elcho House. 563<6 Market St.
TRY Acme Floiise, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 710 rooms, 2"c night; reading room; free
•)>ns .ir.il baggage to and from the ferry.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR sale — Good horse and light spring wagon
and harness. 538 McAllister st.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
y.'iriL. Veterinary. Dentist. 605 Oolrien Gate ay.
HOISES LODttIXU For Sale.
$600— LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 13 rooms.
Inquire 87 Third st.
HOWARD. 71V- Elegant lodging-hou=e; 200 sun-
ny rooms; Investigate .immediately.
HOUSES TO LET.
FINE house, 6 rooms, bath, basement and
good stable. 1109 Shotwell st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOW ELL,
10 Montgomery it.
TWO fine houses in splendid condition; 3386 and
3392 Twenty-first st., cor. Guerrero; 7 and 12
rooms.
$35— THRE7C-STORY bay-window house in goo!
order, with large yard and stable; 1829 How-
ard st. Apply to the owner, E. ROBINET.
411% California st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. HARRIS. 15 Grant.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 images, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET — Furnished.
FURNITURE of 6-room house for sale cheap:
also house for rent. Addres? 904 Kearny st.
HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic BChool-hospital, 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment. $15 a week.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— On Third St., bet. Bryant and Brannan,
gentleman's cane. Return to 847 Harrison st.
and receive reward.
LOST— On Meiggs wharf, I k. Finder
may keep money; return papers and keys to
room <'. Winchester Hotei, Third *t.
LOST— Small shoulder cape. - Return to 319
Cortland aye. and receive reward.
LOST— On Haight-st. car, at Powell St.. lady's
Return to S4 Webster St.; reward.
S REWARD— Irish water spaniel lost Satur-
day last. L. PH. BOLANDER, 432 Fair I >aks.
MEDICAL.
A SURE safe and epeedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on tha doctor ami state
their CMS before going elsewhere; they will
find in her a true Iriend; a home for pat.ents
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $;.; ik (in-
struments used: satisfaction guaranteed or
mm/ey refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 51)
Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours.
10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only.
A TREATMENT that never fails to restore
instantly all cases of monthly Irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice; $5 positively; no Instruments used; safe
and sure; cure at any time when others fail:
absolute success and safety guaranteed; tra\ -
elers helped at once; can return home same
day; Bave time and expense by consulting
first the only reliable ladle* physician of
long and successful practice; confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 112- Market St..
bet. Mason and Taylor. Oftlce hours. Ba. m.
to o p. m., 7 to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 4.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
capes of monthly Irregularities (from '<™ at -
ever cause): safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at of-
fice $5- homi- in confinement; skillful medical
attention; all nan save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St.. bet
Hyde and larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and i to S
p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, 1:i 1 2 Golden Gate aye —
Expert in diseases of women; safe, muck
cure for all female complaints: private home |
in confinement; every comfort: infants adopt-
ed: best of care and medical attention: In-
stant relief for travelers: all those who are
sick or discouraged should call: they will find
a true friend and adviser; consult free; self-
cure. $r>; can be used at home.
ALL ladles— C or.ly Dr. and Mrs. M. Daviee,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick rura guar-
anteed; any ilinease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fn ' delicacy privacy, home.
etc : babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay coif. cure sent, call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVTES, 122S Market St..
pflls, Jl: very strong. $2.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician; no
matter how lonz standing: travelers helped
at once: safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores in one day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free; ladies' phvpiclan. practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
h.is treated successfully more c:i?es of irreg-
ularities than any other physician; never
fails to cure; consult him first, save time and
money; treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free; nail or write. 1023% Market st.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St., San
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by-
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours, B:20 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to ft n. in.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours: well
known, reliable, s.-.t'e. sure: maternity home;
no Instruments: consultation free, confidential:
home treatment.*.".. MRS. ALLEN.2JSVa: .'
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. !>. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., ''oast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA. 215% Mason St.—
Private home in confinement; ladies' friend
in trouble: term? reas.; call and be convinced.
NICE private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city: infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER, midwife, 2012 Folsom.
PRIVATE home in confinement, by German
midwife: infants adopted into good homes;
rm. for invalid. 521 Eddy: phone Hyde 2553.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills: safe and
efficient emmenafrogue; $1 per box. RICH-
Ani'S & CO.. druggists, 4flfi Clay, sole agents.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1L Market— lnstant relief
for monthly troubles or money back: $5 up.
MRS. ACHARD.uidwife; pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 15fi Second St.: tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
$ICO,OOO TO loan on diamonds, watches, jewelry.
■■..■.■■■■ T'NCLV HARRIS. T. 'Grnnt aye.
MISCELLANEOUS For Sale.
BOTLI'RS. engines, 2-ha.nd machinery. Jic-
[NTOSH >v WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS back l.ars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1018-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
BEAUTIFUL marquise diamond and emeraM
ring for %>;:>; cost originally $110. UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. ...
FOR SALE — Thoroughbred Holstoin cow and
calf. Apply cor Fourteenth aye, and R. St.,
South San Francisco.
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good as
ii'w cheap for cash or installments. THE
BRUNSWICK-F-ALKE CO.. C 55 Market at.
IT HE distilled water Ice. $3 50 per ton car-
loads, f. o. b. ; $4 for le.ss; sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 463. Consumers'
Ice Co.. 420 Eighth St.. S. F.
BAY windows and single seats to rent during
the procession. HOTEL FAIRMOUNT, 171 1
Market st.
GOOD square piano. $35; good upright. $115;
Weber, splendid tone, $125; $10 down, $5 per
month. 230 Post st.
A^s2o SUIT ror~~fib. ORIGINAL MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOR, 513 Montgomery st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
DESKS. office and card tables; desks exchanged,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
ENGINES for automobiles: carriages, separate
parts furn. Dynamic Eng. Co., 1809 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers. 12-14
in. ;,-as engine: 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson St.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos, bought, sold. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
DO you know any tool machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN, 64S Mission, pays commission.
WANTED— To hire. 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and peaii bars: long- Job. K. B.
PTONK. Elmhurst.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amojint on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval. or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you !
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity: see us first:
you w'll be waited upon quietly and quickly, i
Call 68-63 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6'^ per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. S4C Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
$50 TO |60,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON l urnit ure. pianos, without removal; no
, commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY, 592 Parrott bids.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market et.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $0 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 ana
$3 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinwaj dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices ; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. •
GOOD square piano. $35; good upright $115;
Weber,, splendid tone. $125; $10 down, $5 per
month. 230 Post st. \i
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
. '. — •
$75— STEINWAY -square piano: in first-clas9
condition. Cal. Loan Office, 32 Stockton st.
AN almost new Steinway upright sacrificed.
Room 12. Flood building. Fourth and Market.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
A DECKER £ SON. the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibemia Bank.
A— UPRIGHT piano in fine condition: al?o
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS, 169 up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 368
Post st.
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. RON MAUZY, 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
I.cii & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STOKES To Let.
EMMA~S?RECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Desirable offices, $12 DO to $20. '
STORE to let suitable for barber shop, etc.
Inquire 621 California st.
$11— STORE, three sunny rooms and cellar.
1008 Natoma st., near Eleventh.
STORE suitable for drug, dry goods or any
other business; $30. SW. cor. Pacific and
Leavenworth sts. UMBSEN. 14 Montgomery.
FOP. rent— Store. S3l»£ Howard st.: Just the
place for barber shop or restaurant. CRIM
«• CO.. lIS Montgomery st.
I'ALMISTRV.
11ME NEERUAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones: classei;
office hours. 1 to 8 n m. : reading by mall, n.
PERSONALS.
DOLLIE— Called at Palace; told me you was
not there; write again. W ILL.
T. H. S.— Send address to this office. A. J.,
box 3275, Call office.
MARY— I got my handsome cape at the East-
ern Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. There you can get most anything in that
line on easy payments; open evenings.
LARGE bay-window, pleasant room, on line of
parade to exchange for a good suit of clothes
for a veteran soldier. Address Veteran, box
3230, Call office.
300 SEATS to view parade on Van Ness aye..
bet McAllister and Golden Gate: secure tick-
ets at 510 Van Ness: $1 each if sold to-day.
PARADE— view In city; half block from
reviewing stand; reserved seats, $2 (chairs);
also 6 windows. 1121 to 1131 Market st.
FAIRMOUNT Hotel. 1714 Market st.— Elegant
point suites to view the procession; also sin-
gle seats. '.
2 WINDOWS: best view In city. Apply PA-
" CIFIC RUBBER STAMP CO.. 6 Eddy st.
WINDOWS to rent on Market st. for viewing
parade. Apply room 10. 1 Fifth st.
BAY-WINDOW for day and night parade. 214
Van Ness aye.; tel. Jessie 1031.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants. $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
23c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HAIR dressing is a high art which LEDERER
has studied to perfection: 25c only; fine win-
dow display of switches this week, fine ones
$1: extra fine $2 50. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER' S QUINTONICA Is the hair tonic
that you can depend upon: no evil results
from Its use: 35c bottle. 123 Stockton ft.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfleld. S3S Market St.
LOANS on diamonds and jewels: low Interest:
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant.
NEW cure for Rheumatism. MRS. DR. HOP-
KINS. 995 Market St., office 2.
SCHOOL children and Mexican sombrero look
nice together. Mexican Art, 114 Stockton st.
GOOD tailor-made suits at reasonable price*
by F. SCHOETTLER. 329 Kearny st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
JAMES A. SORENSEN, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St.. near Mission.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHI TAXI. 313 Sutter st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin.sl4 Plne.ab.Krny.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. OLIVE GRUVER. free treatment dally, 10
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market St.. room 6.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL office and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY — Fop Sale.
rr!?nT?r!7!TrTrT^vo^AßGAiN¥~7rr
$1000 down, balance same as rent; 7 and 9
room houses; every room sunny: well built
and up to date: Carl st., near Stanyan; blue
cars, Eddy-st. line, pass the door; Haight-st.
cars transfer at Masonic aye.; owner on
premises.
NEW HOMES
Five, 6, 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
to $4500: terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them.
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery at.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and lc»
cream parlor. 1035 Market st. : popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BU IN A^ 7 fs^'A~'ave.7~44?"(A^hbur> lleig~hu')—
Six eletrant furnished rooms, with stable.
ELLIS, 639. cor. Larkin— Sunny bay-window;
mantel; gas; bath. \
FIFTH, — New house; nicely furnished suite,
3 rooms; large kitchen; hot and cold water.
FOLSOM. 523— Parlor suite; 3 rooms completely
furnished for housekpg.; single* or en suite.
GEARY, 1917 nice unfurnished rooms; bath;
toilet: gas; yard; basement.
GOLDEN '■ATE aye., 404—1 or 8 furnished
rooms; gas range; bath; hot and cold water.
HOWARD, 704. corner Third— Nice sunny fur-
nished rooms, suites; also rooms for house-
keeping; reasonable; transient.
HYDE, 129-=-Sunny rooms complete for house-
keeping: running water; rent reasonable.
IVANHOE. 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— Light, clean, -
sunny; fur, hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.), $15 up;ref.
MINNA, 2S— Nice sunny housekeeping room*;
no drunks need apply.
OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought-
highest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS, 15G rant.
SIXTH. 136— Rooms for light housekeeping; alia
other rooms; visitors solicited.
■
SIXTH, Suite of housekeeping rooms; gas
bath, running water; $12. *
TEHAMA, 478— 2 sunny front rooms for light
housekeeping; $7.
SOUTH PARK, Nicely furnished sunny
single and housekeeping rooms; very reas.
ST. JAMES. Laguna and McAllister— CholceeT
sunniest in city; low rates; furnished or not!
SUTTER. 1111. nr. Larkin— Comfortably turn
tingle suites: also hskpg.: terms reasonable.
T £ l , l £; r> ' Housekeeping rooms; $125 and-
sl 50. - . -'.-■.■'> -
VAN NESS aye., 400— Elegant sunny upper
floor; 8 rooms. and bath; other room*.ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and I nfurn.
"\-BKUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms,
/r " Csc to $1 per Light; SI 25 to »5 per week, and
lipht housekeeping; open all night.
AHBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadwarfy and Polk
«...:]*! and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
j.r.gie, suite: charges moderate: cars direct.
AT IK tel Francisco. Turk and Taylor st».—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
lath; rooms. LOc to Fl SO day. MRS. J. KING. ,
A"' 61 Second— Nice single, double and light ,
housekeeping • cas. $1 to S3 per week. i
AT 3S Turk, cor. Taylor— New mangt., renovat-
ed, eunny front bay- window rms.: transient.
AT New Grand. 146 3d— £oo lst-class sunny rms.. |
15c to ?1 day; i«oc to M wk: also housekeeping. |
AT the Sapphire. 413 Jones St.. near Ellis— New-
ly furnished sunny rooms; reasonable rates.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny coiner suits and
fingle rooms; all conveniences; gentlemen and
families; elevator; special rates to traveling
men.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1884)— Fu-
rnished rrn«.. suites, single: clso unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 1424— Rooms in fine private
house for gentlemen wishing comfort; morn-
ing coffee if desired: reasonable.
CARROLTON. 12CG Market, cor. Oclden Gat«
— Sunny corner: well turn. rm». & offices.
CLEMENTINA, 172. east of Third— 3 front
Funny rooms; upstairs.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— neat
rocms, from » SO a week up.
ELLIS. 51S— New and elegantly furnished 1
rooms, en suite, double or single. |
FERN WELL Hrusp.47 Post— New managem'nt; ;
 all rrr." refurnished; suites and single; baths.
FIFTH, 221 Sunny comer rooms: cloan; home-
like ; respectable; transient (solicited; $1 25 to
?2 iA per v.fck.
FOURTH, 222 - -i i aim House)— First-class sun- ;
ny bay-window rooms; also single, SI 23 up. I
GEARY, 402— Newly furnished sunny rooms and j
suites, J2 per week up; very desirable. ;
GEARY. 403 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms: travelf-rs accommodated. MRS. HYER, ,
GKAND 6OCTHERN, SE. cor Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors: reading room: elevator.
GREENWICH. 1424—6 large rooms to let, $1S;
3 rooms anil stable, p.
HANCOCK Hove*. 7SI Mission— Select family
. rooming house; Jl 60 to M per week. |
HARRISON. S2s— Furnished or unfurnished
rooms: heap. '
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter. nr. Stockton— I
Sunny suites, single rms. ; elev.: free baths.
HOWARD. 829— Furnished rooms from SI per |
' week up; also housekeeping and transient.
JESSIE. 508, near Sixth— Double and single ;
nice sunny furnished rooms; rent reasonable.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard- <
s'** single furnished rooms to let; 25c night.
MARKET\~€32. room 23-WinJows to view par-
ade; 2 rexms; 4 windows. !
MINNA. 667, cor.Eighth— Newly furnished bay- j
window room. {1 per week; transient.
MARKET, iC'35, and 33 Fifth— New manage- '
ment: fine s-unny suites and elr.Rle rooms.
••X.'.WI'ORT," 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large '
lay-win, rms. and single, Jo up: also hskpg. j
O FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices, elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo. ;
I'OWKLL. 612 A —Large sunny front rooms: new
fiat, newly furnished: suitable for gentlemen.
ROYAL House, 126 Eliis st.— lncandescent ■
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to SI 60;
week. $2 to SS; month. S8 to J3O; elevator on
Office floor: rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, IS Eighth St.. j
rear Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
' SIXTH. 33, nr. Market. HilU House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator; transient.
SIXTH, 429 — Ixirge sunny front and back rooms !
with or without housekeeping. i
THE Oake. 119 Third— A good rooming house;
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE Oliver, 965 Folsom, cor. 6th— Sunny corner
rms.. suites and single: gas: bath; new mangt. !
THIRD, 1064. near Mission— The Seattle— Nice
tunny rooms. 11 25 to Jl. '
! - — - =
ROOMS WANTED. j
LADY desires single furnished room, private
family. Box 3263. Call office.
SEWIXG MACHINES A\D SUPPLIES. j
13 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
p»lring at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THfT~B~CnK~OF CALIFORNIA.
. Notice is hereby given to the stockholders
of The ink of California that the Transfer
Hooks will be closed from SATURDAY, Au-
gust 26. to FRIDAY, September 1, UN, both
dates Inclusive, on account of the special i
meeting of the stockholders to be held on the
last named date. By order of the Board of
Directors. ALLEN M, CLAY. Secretary.
ROOMS papered from S3; whitened. SI up; ]
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st. j
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections mad-*;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 418 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520. i
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES^
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.. I
'22 Mission: goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-ROnoi-PH Storage and Moving Co. !
Of fire, 401 !' -■ cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
r.f 7, S and 9 rooms and bath each; flrstclass
neighborhood; near school and stations: street;
work all complete; from $3000 to J4000; only
■ J5OO cash and $25 and J3O per month; great bar-
calr.s; cheap lots tor cash and bouses to let ,
In all parts of Alameda.
J2200— Lot 50x150: J2OO cash and $20 per month;
f.n«\ nearly new cottage; in a good neighbor-
hood: near High School and station.
I2SOO Lot 35x115, with elegant residence of 3
rooms; In fine condition; macadamized street;
near station and school; great bargain; worth
J3SW; any terms: same as rent.
$2600— Lot 40x207:6; fine, new, modern 6- room
cottage: near High School and station; J5OO cash
and Ji"> per month.
$1000— Lot 25x125: cottage of 5 rooms; street
work complete; near station; easy terms.
$1600— Lot 33:4x105: with a fine modern cot- :
tace of 5 rooms and bath: nice earden; street '
work all done: near station and school; JlOO .
cash balance $20 per month.
$:s:*— Jsoo cash, balance 525 per month; lot j
40x150, with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath; between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton ft.
J3250-J5OO cash, J25 per month: less than
rent: lot 40x150; elegant new 2-story. 8 rooms .
and bath, on Morton st., near Morton-st. sta-
tion: best bargain in Alameda; elegant resi- :
dences on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye.
at a bargain.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda,
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1432 Park st., Alameda.
ABOUT finished, modern S-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage 6 rooms;
lots 50x109: easy terms. Apply 3518 Mozart
*t.. ''■ -•: station.
ALAMEDA rooms and board.
HOME tot ladle* In delicate health; lanr»
mounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1418 Sth. '
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE, right in the heart of town,
30 ACRES.
Within 10 minutes of university grounds; 3
minutes from railroad station; lovely view.
Apply to ' • -'.
J. J. MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
HILL) KCT.
WITHIN 5 MINUTES FROM UNIVERSITY.
I MINUTES FROM STATION.
LOTS 160 FEET IN DEPTH. !
The cheapest, choicest property in Alnmeda
Count*. Apply t0 JOSEPH J. MASON.
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
THE BEAUTIFUL JIAGEE TRACT.
The only true street to Oakland is Grove st.
We have lots .■.• I xi:7 1 2 on Grove st— in fact. 12
blocks that are for sale— the market, and j
will be the business part of Berkeley; do not ;
miss the opportunity; now Is the time: pur-
chase at once one of these lots. The sole
agent D J. TOBIN. 2121 Stanford place, op-
posite' Berkeley Station.
100 ACRES for sale In subdivislonfl to suit In
I afayette. Contra Costs County, 13 miles
from Oakland, on county road; Santa Fe ;
Railroad runs through the property: no tog;
no wind: fine soil; finest hay and fruit In
country comes from there; Bend for map and
particulars. D. J. TOBIN. sole agent. 2121,
Stanford place, Berkeley; Red 204; residence.
Red -;■'.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS '
FRUITVALE REAL —aTATE.
LARGE level lots. $400: only «5 down; "treet
work done; sewers, water, gas. fine school
close by; near railroad station and Oakland
electric line: half-hourly trains to city; 6c
fare; glorious climate; build a home to suit
yourself: easy payments: no city taxes. SYN- ;
DICATE INVESTMENT CO.. Fruitvale sta. j
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLASD REAL-ESTATE.
124x130 FEET, with neat cottage: right in town;
choice locality; reduced from $3500 to J2HOO for
quick sale. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Bdwy.. Oakland. j
$10.000— OLD established business. Apply to E. !
E. BUNCE. ?9S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FtIIXISHED ROOMS.
ELEGANT front bay-window suite, suitable for
doctor; large-lawn. 715 Eighth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th» ,
furniture dealer. 3Uh and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND~^OTICE^DIvidend "■>. 96 (fifty i
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after Fri-
day, September 1. 1593. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, August 26, 1899, at 12
o'clock m. i:. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
John F. Rohatsch and Masrgie J. Canavan.24-21
Lawrence Hamer and Catherine E. Healey .29-27
Hans C. Lausen and Lena Ahrens 33-37 ,
Clark D Miner and Margaret White 34-27 i
William Affoltor and Bertha Bin nschard.. 29-24 j
H. E. Lodorhope and Pauline L. hitler.. . 41-2S
(arl O. Larson and Tillie McOossen 29-29
Antone Fink an-1 Aloizija Llpovlc 27-20
F. G. Rotenkolber a:, l Rose Williams. .24-22
Louis A. Smith and Marguerite D Slnclair.22-21
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
■■ mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be j
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
! Eons authorized to have the same published .
BORN.
HEILMANN— In this city. August 23, 1899, to
the wife cf John E. Heilmann (nee Lam- ,
bert a son.
' HUNTER— In this city, August 24, 1899, to the
wife of Lewis C. Hunter, a daughter.
LEWIS— In this city, August 28, 1899, to the
! wife of Thomas J. Lewis, a daughter,
i OLSEN— In this city, August 16, 1?99, to the \
j wife of Charles Olsen, twin daughters. — .-•■
RUTHERFORD— In this city, August 14, 1899, '
to the wife of Eben J. Rutherford, a son.
MARRIED.
BLAKER— BYRNE— In this city, August 21,
1>99, by the Rev. John Stephens. Jesse Blaker
and airs. Kitty Byrne, both of San Fran-
cisco. i
HAHN— MULLER— In this city, August 23. 1599,
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Hermann H. ,
Hahn and Theresa Muller.
LOI ERHOSE>-ZiErTLER— In this city, August
24. IsA by the Rev. J. Fuendellnr. Henry
Charles Loderhose and Pauline Louise Zielt-
ler.
OSTBERG— BRILL— this city, August 22.
1599. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Elm F. ■
O?tberg and Augusta W. Brill.
PRTOR— BAKER— In this city. August 23, 1559, .
by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D., Charles i
Edward Pryor of Sites, Colusa County, and
Birdie Blanche Baker of Maxwell. Colusa ,
County.
On ferry steamer Oakland, Au- !
gust 9. 1899, at 10 p. m., on the Alameda side
of the bay. by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, i
Mr. of San Francisco and Miss .
of Los Angeles.
DIED.
Brown, Mary A. E. Mason. Lulu
Burdett. William W. Mellus. Eliza
Dunn, Jane L. Morton, John
Ervast. Matilda Muller. Frederick C.
Gallacher, John Olsen, Amund O.
i Guy, Margaret T. Oster. Mary I.
Hitchcock. Martha T. Palmer, Abigail
Howe, Andrew J. White, Katie F.
Huppert. Philip Wideman. Dr. J.
MacDermot, Mother Zerga, Stephen j
Ignatius Zerse. ' Joseph
McDonald, James C.
! BURDETT— Entered Into rest, August 23, 1899,
William Waldo, beloved husband of Nellie
Burdett, a native of Shelbyvllle. Term., aged ;
75 y<>ars.
1C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of {
A W. Martin & Co., lIS Geary street.
BROWN— In this city. August 24. 1599. Mary
A E., dearly beloved wife of William A. !
Brown, mother of Klmore W., Archie J. and
Alex M. Brown, and sister of Mrs. A. J.
Hr wnlie, John M 'Williams and Mrs. O. C.
Henderson, a native of San Francisco, aged
46 years and 4 months.
DUNN— In this city, August 23, 1899. Jane L.
beloved wife of James Dunn, and mother of
Ritchie L., Jane T.,- Mary L. and James C.
Dunn, a native of Paisley, Scotland, aged 47 ,
years and 7 months.
Friends an l acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
August 27. at 2:30 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence, 121S Hyde street. ■■•■••:•. Masonic |
Cemetery- Please omit Bowers
ERVAST — In this city, August 23. 1899,
Matilda Ervast, beloved mother of Andrew
and William H. Ervast, a native of Fin-
land. Russia, aged 51 years.
GALLACHER— In Victoria. B. C, August 15.
IK>&. John Gallacher. beloved brother of Mrs. j
J. C .M Cauley, a native of Glasgow, Scot- j
land, ag^l 49 ears.
GUY— In this city, August 23, 1899. Margaret j
T. Guy, a native of New York, aged 6S years j
7 months and 2 1 - days. ;
Friends are invited to attend the funeral i
services this day (Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, at
Gray's undertaking parlors. Interment pri- '
vate.
HITCHCOCK— In this city, August 22, 1599, i
Martha Taleafero Hitchcock, widow of the '■
late Dr. C. M. Hitchcock, a native of Georgia,
aged SI years 9 months and 3 days.
Friends" and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Grace Episcopal
Church, corner California and Stockton
streets. Interment private.
HOWE— In this city, August 23. 1599, Andrew
J., beloved husband of Victoria M. Howe, a
native Of Kentucky, aged 70 years 11 months
and 18 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 27 Brosnan street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. ■
HUPPERT— In this city. August 24. 1899,
Philip, beloved son of Kathrine Huppert, and
brother of Henry, Victoria and Katie Hup-
pert, Mrs. G. H. Dresser and Mrs. J. V
Johnson, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
year? 8 months and 23 day".
: " The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 163 Shipley street, between
Fourth and Fifth, thence to Third and Town-
send streets, 11:30 o'clock train. Cremation :
Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
MacDEßMOT— There will be a requiem mass :
to-morrow (Saturday), at 9 o'clock, for
Mother Ignatius MacDermot, at Sacred !
Heart Presentation Convent, corner Taylor'
and Ellis streets. Ex-pupils and friends are
requested to attend.
McDONALD— In this city. Aujrust 24, 1«M,
James C . beloved husband of Christina M ■-
Donald, and father of John A.. James J. and
bert Francis McDonald. Mary Ann White-
law, Mrs. Margaret Hayes. Mrs. Sarah Schro- ;
der and the late Daniel McDonald and Mrs. ■
Lizzie Lucier, a native of Ireland, aged 78 ■
years 9 months and 24 days.
MASON— In this city, August 23, 1899, Lulu ]
Mason, mother of Lilian Mason, a native of
Ohio, aged 53 years.
(E7"rhe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of.
.7. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend i
streets.
MELLUB— In this city, August 24. 1599, Eliza,
beloved wife of the late Gustavus Mellus,
mother of Mrs Alice R. Carter, Maud Gaz-
Sale and Warren and Crosby Mellus, and
grandmother of Mrs. Adelaide Turney, a. na-
tive of England, aged 67 years.
MORTON In this city, August 24. 1899, John '
Morton, a native of Standlsh, Me., aged 79
year-*.
IP?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, northwest corner of Taylor and Ellis
street;--. Interment strictly private. Please I
omit flowers.
MULLER— In this city, August 23, UN, Fred-
erick C., beloved son of Johanna Louisa Mul-
l»-r, a native Of New York, aged 53 years 7
months and IS days. A member of George H.
Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R. ; Veterans' Na-
tional Guard of California, and California
Schuetzen Club.
[ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday, i
August 27, at 1 o'clock, from the post's
rooms. 320 Post street, where funeral serv-
ices will be held under the auspices of :
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R. Re-
mains at the funeral parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment National Cemetery, [
Presidio.
OLSEN— In this city. August 23. 1899. Amund ;
Olai, beloved husband of Maren M. Olsen,
and father of Mrs. Carrie J. Jensen, a native
of Bergen, Norway, aged 65 years and 6 j
months.
OSTER— In this city, August 23, 1899, Mary 1., ,
beloved wife of Edgar Oster, daughter of !
Louis and Ellen Barrett, sister of Mrs C.
Dlercks, Mrs. I. Haskell and Thomas Bar- j
mi— — — — r;^^?^ — — — i
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Fqccmeoi* to Flanagan ft Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AKD lIUBAJLMBRS. i
20 Fifth St., oppodlt* Lincoln .icboofa
TcleFboo* South W.
McflVOV dfc CO.,
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMUALMER3,
I - 1235 Market St.. between Bth and Sth.
I Telephone. South 247.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 25, 1899.
rett, and mother of Harriet, Nellie and Clar-
ence Oster, a native of California. a*red 31
years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 242.i Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Chief and members of Alfarata Council No.
10. D. ot P., are respectfully invited to at-
tend. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
electric car from corner of Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 10:30 o'clock.
PALMER— In this city, August 24. 1?99, Abi-
gail Palmer, a native of Massachusetts, aged
years.
WHITE— In this city, August 23, 1599. Katie F.,
•<d wife of George E. White, and sister
of Thomas Fagan. a native of Boston, Mass.,
aged V> years 11 months and 10 days.
WIDEMAN— In this city, August 23. 1599, Dr.
J. Wideman, beloved husband of Eliza Wide-
man, and father of Mrs. F. Penprase and
H rmana, Huso and Wallace Wideman. v
native of Auerbach, Bavaria, Germany, aged
cr. years '■ m -niis and C 2 days.
(£?"FriPnds and acquaintances and members
of Home »'■ uncil No. 14. O. C. F., and Teach-
ers' Mutual Aid Society, are respectfully in-
vn-J to attend the funeral to-morrow (Sat-
urday), at 1 o'clock, from his late residence.
Bryant avenue, between Twenty-third
and "Twenty-fourth streets. Interment Cy-
! ress Lawn Cemetery.
ZERGA— In Oakland. August 24. 1899, Stephen,
beloved husband of Onorata Zierga, father of
Ljllie Zerga. brother-tn-law of L. Messina,
,n . am le of John and Mary Messina of Oak-
land and John and Jennie Gardella of El
Dorado ("'ounty, a native of Italy, aged 67
year?. (Placervllle and South Dakota papers
please copy. )
%y Notice of funeral hereafter.
ZERPE-In this city. August 24. 1?99, at his
residence, 841 Valencia street. Joseph, beloved
husband of Caroline Zorse. a native of Koh-
len-am-Rhein, Germany, aged 66 years 5
months and G da:>.
|C?" Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
<£.- Co., 11S7 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
O Kublng, Lou Gatos M L Moore, Los Ang
R Forrest. Phila i W C Fickert, Cal
i" B C Kendall Cal Mrs \V C Fickert, Cal
G D Hall, St Louis i Mrs O P Wilson. Mo
A Thompson, NX | J R Ryan, Nevada.
W W Eintz, Utah W C Stryker. Cal
A Michelson, Sacto ■ M H Newman, Ohio
S Hlrschfelder. Cal W P Thomas, Uklah
Mrs Hlrschfelder, Cal TV D Reynolds, Cal
E A Xix, Cal J H O'Connor, Ark
J X Clark. Los Ang Mis F McLaughlin,
Mrs J X Clark L An*! Santa Crur
A E Alexander, Cal Miss M McLaughlin,
R Davis, Cal Santa Cruz
Mrs H Hoffman. Cal J S White, USA
I" Wakeman, NY j H Cooke, Gridley
W L Wheeler, Cal IF P Tuttle, Auburn
Mrs W L Wheeler, Call Mrs F P Tuttle, Cal
J Rodsrers, Chicago ;T J Nichols, Auburn
J C Barry, Mobile I W E Guthrle, Omaha !
Mrs Le Vitoin. Chgo F H Dakin. Cal
Mlsa Le Vltoin. Chgo J A McCusker, L An* |
T F Barbour, Cal C Byrne, Los Ang
Baron Badenhauser, Mrs C Byrne, L Ang
Germany D Noble, Cal
F F Freudenthal, Md Mrs I) Noble, Cal
Mrs A Bergwald, Cal J Mayo, Seattle
J S Visger. Mich T Flint, San Juan
0 F Haddock. Cal L Rodeers, Solano
T M Hahn, Cal Mrs S Murray. Ontario I
T B Jones. Chgo I Miss S Sheau, S Jose i
M A Boole. Cal R J Reynolds, Colo
F Edwards, London Mrs S M Davidson,
Mrs F Edwards, Lon- Wash
don I Mrs B M Bridget, D C
T F Daly, Denver I«A Smith, Portland
C J Daly. Denver I H M Dunham, Boston j
Q P McLean. Hartford I Mrs 3 Curry, Bohemia
A F Galis. Hartford jW E Guerln, Seattle
H E Merry. B C J - Dovey, Seattle
Mrs .1 M Griffith, Cal Miss Thompson, Cal
Mrs M Gleason, Cal I G H Monroe, Fresno
H W Coe, Portland 1 Mrs G H Monroe, Cal
Mrs H W Coe, Portld, G W Pierce, Davis
Mrs N M Jones, Cal j B E Strauss, London j
Miss M Jones. L Ang V C Andrade, London
E F Brlggs. Ashland i G A Smith, Cal
R H Arnold, Los Ang. Ml?! C West. Agnew»
A E Arnold, Los Ang B F Williams, Cal
F St J Fox, Cal I
GRAND HOTEL.
W W Thomas, Orland's Stewart, Crows I-dg
J M Strienerg, S Rosa H Hamilton. Lcs Ang
R B.lan. NY jl A Little, Dlxon
C Stocks, Grass Valley IS M Kirby. Dixon
D ICoena Nev City J Campbell. Cottcnwd
Mrs >', Turner, StocktnlW F Knox. Sacto
Miss L Turner, StcktnjT H Ryan Jones, For-
Mis* C Turner, St. -km tuna
G C Turner, Stockton Mrs Holmes. S Jose
X .1 St.-wart, Napa Co Miss Tallman, S Jose i
M V Brown, Los Ang T E Perkins. N V
M V Brown Jr. L Ang B Custck, Chlco
M Patrie Boise I' Masterson, Rd Bluff
C 1! Colracker, Nlles J Day &w. Palo Alto
J A Milliner, Cal H Sexton, Ventura
L Panborn & w, SalinsjMrs Heath, Vallejo
Mrs .' Simonson. Mrcd Miss M Heath, Vallejo
J Williams. Fresno Mrs F Van Sickland ft
D C Ltndlejr. Nevada 3 eh. Alameda
.1 McCadden. Vallejo R M Green. Oroville
Miss McOadden, Valljo L Blumenthal. Portlnd
J T Walsh. Auburn Mrs Ayers Jamestown :
0 H Schlott, Manila B Lynn. Jamestown
P Mac Queen. Boston C 6 Pierce, Fresno
? Praschower & w. IT W MeAullfte, .^acto
Cloverdale j
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E C Van Alsten, Sacto '.T R Benson. Vallejo
A L Gould, Sacto Mrs Ogg. Sacramento
A H Odea Arbuckle A G Southard, Cinn
A L Foster, New York R J Armstrong Stktn
A h Loom!*, <"al J J Holllng, Stockton
W A Stapleton. Cal C Baumpartner. Cal
R M Barrif Pan Jose J P Brine, S Mateo
N L Bergholt, Los Ang G A Outer, Loomis
Mrs Frisble, Willows A Glllard, Nebr
Mrs Stowe Willows C G Albaugh. Merced
G R Frisble, Willows L Potter. Tesla
F Stowe. Willows IJ H Pare, S L Oblspo !
B B Strong, Los Ang W R Mart, S L Obispo
0 W Strong, N Mcx |J W Becket. SLObispo .
Miss C McKalf, Cal C A Jones. 3 L Obispo I
1 Franklin, BakersfieldlC W Wurch, SLObispo I
T Bourland, Tracy 8 B Westell, Fresno
Mrs Bates Stockton |F M Fritch, Napa
3 <> Hoyle & w, Cal T T Overt on. S Rosa
B J Adair, Elgin I
»-♦-.
BY DYNAMITE
English Scientists Believe They Can
Make IMamonds.
"Diamonds Made by Dynamite" would
be a queer sign on a jeweler's window,
but queer things are hound to happen in
an a^e of electric furnaot-s on the one
hand and liquefied hydrogen on the other.
After close study of the South African
diamond fields scientists formed the the
ory that diamonds were made In nature's
laboratory fr->m carbon liquefied by enor
mous heat and pressure, and dissolved in
iron, from which they crystallized out In
cooling.
By calculation it was found that this
would requires a temperature of about
legrees centigrade <~-"2 degrees Fah
renheit), and a pressure of fifteen tons to
the square inch. Moissan of Paris and
other experimenters have produced crys
tals by imitating this process as closely
as possible, but they were too small and
imperfect to have any value as jewels.
Some other process must be discovered
whereby carbon and iron can be subjected
to an enormous heat and pressure before
•we fan hope to produce diamonds on a
commercial srale.
In this condition Professor Crookes has
suggested that "In th^ir researches on
the gases formed from fired gunpowder
and cordite Sir Frederick Abel and Sir
Andrew Noble obtained in closed steel
cylinders pressures as great as ninoty-five
tons to the square Inch and temperatures
as high as 4000 degrees centigrade." Here,
then. If the observations are correct, we
have sufficient temperature and pressure
to liquefy carbon, and if the temperature
could only be allowed to act for a suffi
cient time on the carbon there is little
doubt that the artificial formation of
diamonds would soon pass from the
microscopic stage to a scale more likely
to satisfy the requirements of science. In
dustry and personal decoration.— Chicago
Inter Ocean.
■ ♦ «
Slept Four Hours a I>ay.
Alexander yon Humboldt. the great Ger
man philosopher and traveler, rarely !
spen more than four hours in bed, and
on the testimony of Sir James Sawyer, !
was frequently content with two hours;
and Littre, who lived to be SO. thought I
that to spend more than five hours a day i
In bed was shameful self-indulgence. Al- I
though his Invariable hour of rising was
8 o'clock he scarcely ever left his desk j
until 3 In the morning or until sunrise
warned him that a new day hud dawned, i
Many of England's greatest men have
scorned the deliehts of bed while living
"laborious days/ 1 Brunei, the great en
gineer who lived to be SO, rarely spent i
more than four hours In bed at any time j
of his crowded life; and Sir William Arrol,
the engineer of Tay and Forth bridges,
and the Brunei of our day. rises earlier I
than any of his employes, and will fre
nuently crowd twenty-four hours' work
in one day during- the progress of his
great enterprise.— London Mall.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
San Francisco Savings Lnion to Alice A.
Armstrong (wife of S. C), same; $1200.
Calvin S. and Clara H. Kelley and Ferdinand,
Reis Jr. to Christian Reis. lot on E line of
Tennessee street, 125 M of Solano, N 46 by E :
100; $1725.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to James M. Cor- ;
dray lot on E line of Thirty-eighth avenue, 250
S ofL street. S 60 by E 120; $200.
John F. Utter to M. J. and Annie Keohane,
lot 110, Oift Map 3; $.100.
Sarah F. Lang to John and Euphrosin
Bacher lot on SW line of Nlntpcnth avenue
2^5 NW of X street, NW 75 by SW 100, block
3>,7, South San Francisco Homestead; $10.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Adolph T. Ha
genkamp lot on E line of Corbett road 75 8 of
Copper alley, S 13 deg. 24 mm.. W 25.2. N 56
deg. 15 mm.. E 59.7. N 22 deg. 24 mm.. W 26 4.
S 56 deg. 47 mm., W K5.4, lot 15, block 17. Jacob
Heyman's Subdivision; $710.
Henry T. Hruns to John G. Hasshagen. lot
on NE corner of Canal and Craut street?. N
H by X V'?-. let 2, Mock .'. College Homestead ;
also lot on NW corner of Weyland and lon
streets W 240 by N 100, lots 4 and 5. block 159,
University Extension Homestead Association;
$.10.
Lillian M. Croome (administratrix of the
estate of William Croome, by B. P. Oliver,
commissioner) to Hibernla Savingrs and Loan
Society lot on E line of Twenty-eighth ave
nue. :65 S of A street. S 140 by E 120; also lot
on E line of Twenty-fifth avenue 159:8 S of A
street S 75 by E 120; also lot on W line of Clay
ton street, 27:6 S of Page, 8 25 by W 106:3;
* 4 James E. Damon to Patrick Igo, lots 124, 126,
James E. Damon to Patrick Igo, lots 124, 126,
m and 130. Gift MaD 1; $1. -■•,.,
Estate of Egbert Judson (by Charles C. Jud
son, trustee) to John Dougherty, lot on S cor
ner of 3 street and Fifteenth avenue south,
SE 50 by SW 200, lots 1, 2, 47 and 43, block 303,
ON. and H. Tract; $50 .
John Dougherty to San Francisco and Fresno
Land Company .a corporation), lot on 8E cor
ner of S street and Fifteenth avenue south. E
60:1 by S 100, block 303, same: $10.
Estate of John Wells by William Ash (execu
tor) to William H. Ash. lot on NW corner of
First avenue and C street. NW 200 by NE 200,
lots ItoC, 23 and 24, block 19 ; also lot on
NW line of First avenue. 150 SE of D street
SE 150 NTS 100, NW 50, NE 100, NW 100. SW
200. lots 9, 11, IS and 19, block 19 : $*5.
Jacob and Bertha G. Weissbein to Oscar
Hevman lot on NW corner of Chapultepec and
Henrietta streets, N 50 by W 70, lots 176 and
177 Heyman's Subdivision of Cobb Tract: $10.
Oscar Hpyman to Edward J. Smith, lot on
NW corner of Chapultepeo and Henrietta
streets. N 25 by W 70, lot 177, same; $10.
Ana M. Wohler to Martha M. Wohler, lot on i
BE corner of Sacramento and Octavia streets,
B s'-SVi by E 130 (quitclaim deed); $10.
Emelie Lyons to Sarah S. Holn, lot on W
line of Steiner street. 75 S of Greenwich. S 25
"Nathaniel J. and Belle Brlttan (by Lansing '
Mizner, commissioner) to London and San j
Francisco Bank, Ltd., lot on SE corner of
Broadway and Baker street, E 137:6. S 50. S.
22 degrees 46 minutes, E 39, \\  » 137:6, \\ ,
97:6 N 127:SM. \V 40. N 137:6; $23,054.
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
(executor estate of George H. Roe) to Charles !
R. and Marie J. Gagan, lot on N line of W ash- i
ington street. 227:6 E of Spruce. E 47:6 b- N
12T:SK: $SO7F.. and Marie J. Gagan to Jorge
Charles R. and Marie J. Gagan to Jorge
Reed, lot on N line of Washington street. 137:6
W of Locust. W 12:6 by N 127:3U: $10.
Hannah Rothenstein to Ida Meyer, lot en SE
corner of Waller street and Masonic avenue,
S62by E 105: $10. „ _ _ _„
E P. and Mary Carpenter (by B. P. Oliver,
commissioner) to Hlbernia Savings and Loan
Society, lot on N line of Sixteenth street, 180
W of Castro. W 40 by N 134:5; $1200.
Bernard and Catharina Drever to Henry
Gumbel lot on W line of Collmgwood street,
105 8 of Seventeenth. B 44 by W 125; $10.
James C. and Maggie S. Scott to Frank N.
Dodd lot on N line of Clipper street, 80 W of
Diamond. W7oby N 114; $10 . , __
William and Clara McCormlck to Minerva
D Kellogg undivided two-thirds of lot on SW
line of First street, 65 NW of Howard, NW !
20 by SW 80; $10.
John A. McCormick to same, same (quitclaim
Id J A to Edward J. Turklngton.
lot on 'W line of Twenty-fifth avenue. 125 N
of B Etreet N 70 by W 120 (quitclaim deed); $1. j
Catherine E. and Edward J. Turkington to
Aurelius E. Buckingham lot on \\ line of
Twenty-fifth avenue. 125 N of B street. N 3a
by W 120 (quitclaim deed); $1. .
Ellen Daly to Frank T. Dryden. lot on W
line of Thirteenth avenue, 149 8 of I street, 8
"Varies 120; Cross to Minnie Price, lot on 8
Charles V Cross to Minnie Price, lot on 8
line of X street. 107:6 E of Forty-sixth avenue,
Esoby P 100; $10. • - : -i"^ : ' ;V, .Y-.
John McDonnell to John C. Ehret, lot 1.
block 357, South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Association; grant. _,
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Bertha D. Mal
chow lot 816, Gift Map 2; $10.
A and Justine Lobe to Achllle Block, lot on
E line of Thirteenth avenue, 250 N of Califor
nia street, N 25 by E 120: $1. r _.
John and Ada M. Hinkel to James L. Wil
son lot on W line of Twenty-fifth avenue. 320
S of Clement street, S 25 by v\ 130; $10
W V and Marie L. Huntingdon to Mary \.
Hlmmclmann, lot on W line of Sixteenth ave
nue. 250 N of B street, N 50 by W 120; $10.
John Mathus to Hanora G. Mathus lot on
NE line of Clinton street. 100 SE of Bryant.
B lolomon NE 75; gift. to Catherine Jacobs j
Solomon and Dora Getz to Catherine Jacobs
lot on S line of X street. 82:6 W of Eleventh j
avenue, W 2." by S 100; $10.
John H. and Margaret B. Gallivan to Charles |
Musante, lot on SE line of Eleventh avenue ,
and V street, E 32:6 by S 100; $10.
Louis and Catherine Levy to Albert M. Gets,
lot on S line of Minerva street. 250 E of Capi- j
tol, E 100 by S 125, block P, Railroad Home- |
S Annie Baker Letlraer to Edgar D. Baker, lot j
127. Gift Map 1; $75.
J. J. and Julia Raver to A. C. Freese (admin- .
istrator estate of Edward S. Matthews) lot j
on S line of Prospect place, 250 W of Colum
bia place, W 30 by S 150, lots, 16 and 17, of
subdivisions 182 to 193, Precita Valley Lands;
* William E. Henderson to Mary E. Hender
son, lot on S line of Point Lobos avenue, 121
W of Parker avenue. W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
City Building and Loan Association to Henry
B. Nibbe and Emma Hufschmidt, lot on E
line of Buchanan street, 68:6 S of Bush, S 23
by E 102; $10.
Laura Morton to Mary M. Morton, lot on
NW corner of Webster and Wildey streets, W
106:3 by N 27:6; also property outside of county;
grant
John H. and Elizabeth Lynch to John O'Neil,
lot on N line of Grove street. 71:13';$ li of
Lyon, E 25 by N 100, warranty deed; $1000.
German Savings and Loan Society to Julia
A. Godsil, lot on W line of Pierce street, 85
S of Waller. B 25 by w 93, lot 24, block 3,
Marion Tract (hospital lot): $10.
Gottlieb and Fredericks Arnold to Paul C.
Strahle, lot on W line of Church street, 49 N
of Twenty-eighth, N 40 by W 100; $10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to James
T. and Margaret L. Casey, lot on E line of
Collingwood street, 112 N of Eighteenth, N 35
by E 12",; $1500.
Charles Page (by Murray F. Vandall, com
missioner) to Charles R. Bishop, lot on NE
corner of Ellis and Mason streets, N 157:6,
E 137:6, S 50, W 50, S 137:6, W 87:6: $95,305.
Annie S. Richards (by Edward Metzgar.
trustee) to By I vain Schnaittacher, 175? d. 6, lot
on S line of Pine street, 137:6 W of Taylor, W
43 by S 137:6, trustee's deed; J5994.
Potrero Land and Water Front Company to
Ralph and Mary Jones, rerecord- 1454 d. 207,
lot on W line of Indiana street, 25 S of, Twen
ty-fifth (Yolo), ♦". by W 100: $10.
Richard Davis to same, same; $500.
Joseph Snoop to Peter and Mary Mannix, lot
on W line of Masonic avenue, 125 S of Point -
Lobos avenue, S 25 by W 144:7; 110.
Harriet 8. McElroy to Amelia Wilcox. lot on
N line of Green street. 137:6 E of Gough, E
39:3. NE 144, W S4:4' . S 137:6; gift.
Warner G. and Abbie W. Alden Crandall to
Oscar Foss, lot on NW corner of Geary and
Gough streets, N 27:6 by W 110; $10.
Sarah Kahn (by R. I. Whelan, Sheriff) to
Alex Heynemann, lot en SE line of Flllmore
street. 50 N of Jackson. N 50 by E 112; $500.
Georgina C. Ord Holladay (wife of 8. W.)
to Emma C. Wagner, lot on S line of Lom
bard Street. 247:6 W of Fillmore, W 27:6 by S
60, quitclaim deed; $5.
Emma C. Wagner to Amalie Meyer, same; $5.
Estate of William Wagner (minor, by Emma
C. Wagner, guardian) to same, undivided %
of same $400.
Jacob and Marie Ahlbach, rby B. P. Oliver, \
commissioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, lot on NW line of Folsom street, 53:3
SW of Eleventh, NW 100 by SW 28:4>4; ?2"*o.
Annie M., Mabel A. or Annie M. and Harry
S. Thomson to Mary A. narrower, lot on NW
corner of Nlnteenth and Lapidge streets, W 30
by N 100; $39SL
Carrie and John J. Thomson (minors), by An- -
nle M. Thomson guardian) to same, same
s2334. -V ■
Teresa Casserly to San Francisco Savings
Union, lot on NW line cf Brannan street, 510
SW of Third, SW 20 by NW 80. quitclaim
deed: $1.
J. H. and Bertha Lutgens to Julius Wlntzer,
lot 46, block V. Park Lane Tract No. 2: $10
Vincent P. and Agnes L. Buckley to Edward
C. Harrison, lot on E line of Twenty-fifth
avenue, 175 S of California, N 50 by E 120: $10.
Elizabeth and Henry C. Peterson to Henry
and Annie Koopman, lots 64 and 56, Gift Mao
1: $10.
Sarah M. Morken (by John J. Qulnn, com
missioner) to Thomas D. Riordan, lot on E
corner of Epstein and Evergreen streets SE
173. NE 125, NW 50. SW 25, NW 125. SW
ICO, lots 20 to 25, block 5. Flint Tract: $8800.
J. A. and Martha C. Shepherd to Mary A
de Leon (wife of J. M.), lot S block 115, Uni
versity Mound Tract; $1.
Mary J. Mason (Graham) and Elizabeth A
Stahr (Graham) to Joseph Facsler, lot on SW
line of Mount Vernon, 237 SE of Huron. SE
237 by SW 160, lots 9 and 10, block 2 West
End Map 1; $10.
Mortimer S. Chamberlin to Hull McClaugh
rey, all interest in estate of Angelica R. Scott;
$5.
Thomas Gihon to Lydia Glhon, lot on SW
corner of Golden Gate avenue and Broderick
street W 30 by S 100; gift.
London and San Francisco Bank to John E I
de Ruyter, lot on SE coiner of Baker and I
Broadway streets. S 137:6 by E 40; $6500.
William F. and Annie S. Herrin to Gustava
L. Bresse. lot on SW corner of Clay and Baker
streets, S 27:SVi by W 102:6; $10.
Robert and Jennie I. Pieper to Benjamin
S. and Susie E. Wilkins, lot on W line of
Cole street, 75 S of Beulah, S 25 by W 100'
$10.
Emily J. Bell to Jennie C. Cottrell (Thomp- I
son), lot on W line of Capp street, 124 S of i
Nineteenth. S 45 by W 122:6; also lot on W I
line of Shotwell street, 65 S of Twentieth S
30 by W 122:6; $10.
C. H. and Grace W. Engelke to Gustar Israel
lot on E line of Church street. 80 N of Dun
can, N 36 by E 50; also lot on E line of Church
street. 11« N of Duncan, N 8, E 80, S 10 W 30
N 2. W 50; $10.
J. W. and Lizzie F. Lowe to Charles F
Hanlon, lot on SE corner of Pine and Battery
streets, S 30 by E 62:6; $660. *
Charles B. Cavagnaro to C. Vernengo, lot on
N line of Vallejo street, 37:6 W of Powell
W 20 by N 76:6; $10.
Charles R. Bishop to trustees of the Young
Men's Christian Association, lot on NE corner
of Ellis and Mason streets, N 187:6, E 137 S
£0. \V 50. 8 50, W 87:6; $3.
Dlckman-Jones Company to Louis Sloss Jr
lot on N line of Folsom street, 124:2 W of First'
W 88:4 by N 75; also lot on SE line of Clemen
tina street, 100 SW of First, SW E0 by SE SO
slo.
John J. and Anna E. Muller to H. W. Wolter
lot on S line of California street, 26 :S E of
Seventeenth avenue, E 26:8 by S 96:1; $5.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Math las Swanson
lot on E line of Twentieth avenue. 250 S of
Point Lobos. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Mary J. Hirst (Tysoe) to Solomon Getz, lot
on W line of Forty-fifth avenue. 100 S of I
street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
G. M. or George M. and Charlotte E. Martin
to William M. Stalb. lot on S line of M street
67:6 W of Twelfth avenue, W 2*. by S 100; $10 '
James P. Doyle to William Welch, lot on NW
corner of Graf ton and Brighton streets, W 60
by N 100, lots 1 and 2, block 5, Lakeview; $10.
Adam Bootz to Theresa Boots, lot on aw
corner of old San Jose road and SE line of
San Francisco and San Jose Railroad, thence
SW along SW line of old San Jose road 162:4.
NW 10*, SE 105, SE 8:3, a portion of Bepler
Tract; $10.
Joseph Black to Lou lee C, Haiti* H, and
Annie J. Kennan, lots 823 to 230, Holiday Map
A; $10.
Caspar and Emell« Mullar to Ann Maguire,
lot on NE line of Norfolk Btre«(Nevacla), 200
SE of-Folsom, SE 25, NE 68, >fw 85, more or
less. SW 55:6; $1075.
Andrew Howe Sr. to VictorlaM. Howe, lot on
S line of Broenan street, 115 w of Valencia, >%
30 by S 73; $10.
Richard and Catherine Doyle (wife) and
Stephen R. Doyle to John Schroeder, lot on W
line of Shotwell street, 260 N of Twenty-sixth,
N 32:6 by W 115; $1800.
Estate of Egbert Judson(by Charles C. Jud-
Bon, executor) to George Thiftleton, undivided
half of lot on NE corner of Lombard and Win
throp streets, E 45:10 by N 68:9; $10.
John F. and Alice Kennedy to same, all of
me; $10.
I'aeaclette F. Bergerot to J«an Berysrot. lot
on W line of Stockton street, 137:6 N of Pine,
X 43:7 byW 137:6, reserving portion a« life
estate, trust deed; $10.
Michael Conniff to Emma Connlff, lot on X
line of Houston street. 89 E of Jones, X 60 by E
19; «0.
Csthella Adams to Clara A. Adams, lot on
NE corner of Delgado place and Hyde street;
also lot 87:6 N of Green street, N 25 by E 62:6;
gift.
Sophie E. Gardiner to Adeline M. Hayes, lot
on S line of Pacific street, 163:2% W of Hyde,
-W 20 by S 73; $10.
Julia and Gus Zander to Felix Marcuse, lot
on X line of Clement street, 55 W of Eighth
avenue, W2Bby X 108; $10. .
Samuel W. Moore to Edward B. Sweeney,
lot on E line of Ninth avenue, 104 X of L
street, X 48 by X 120; $10.
John and Mary Krucovsky to Adolph Mantke
lot on S line of Farallones street, 225 W of
Plymouth. IV 50 by S 125, lot 3, block J, Rail
road Homestead; $10.
Adolph Mantke to Anna Mantke, same; gift.
Margaret O'Brien to Cornelius O'Brien, re
record 1796 d. 255, W line of Mission street, 122
S of Thirtieth, 8 27. W 92:1, N 26:4«4. E 95:9;
also lot 3. Kingston's Map No. 2, P. V. 50-vara
lots 358 to 401; •gift.
Mrs. Josepha Flach to Daniel W. Ervtn, lot
on X line of Thirty-second avenue, 150 E of
H street. E 50 by X 100, block 553, Bay Park
Homestead: $10.
Daniel W. and Alice Ervtn to Charles Hoff
mann, same; $10. t
Alameda County.
Bridget McDonald to James and Mary A.
McManus, lot on E line of Castro street, 50
S of Seventh, S 50 by E 75, Oakland; $10.
William E. and Florence B. Barnard to Ira
Bishop, lot on SE boundary line of lot 15 on
Map of Survey No. 824, for H. C. L*e 100-acre
Tract, 100 SW of Lee street, SW 25. NW 175,
E 25, SE 170, to beginning, being the XE
portion of subdivision 10, in • lot 15, Map of
lots 14 and 15, on Map of Survey No. 824 for H.
C. Lee 100-acre Tract, Oakland; $10.
John and Abble Gllbertson to Mary A. Coles,
lot on S line of Eleventh street, 76 E of West,
E 50 by S 100, being lots 9 and 10, block 149,
Oakland; $5.
William J. and Virginia R. Dingee to Stand
ard Underground Cable Company (a corpora
tion) lot on W line of Linden street, 819 S of
Third. S 2:4 by W 132; Oakland; $10.
William H. Knight (administrator estate of
Salome Anderson) to-R. S. Farrelly, lot on N
line of Tenth street, 50 E of Jefferson, E 80
by N 100, being lots 27 and 28, and portion
lot 1 to 4 and 26, block 146, Oakland; $8435.
Anna M. Liese to F. D. Dolbler, lot on NW
line of Twelfth avenue, 100 NE of East Twelfth
street, NE 30 by NW 100, block 41, Clinton,
East Oakland: $10. - ■
Carl and Adele Grodona to Antonio Onetto,
lot on N line of West Twelfth street. 47:6 W
of Willow, W 47:6 by N 135, being lot 14, block
A, Oakland Point Homestead Tract. Oakland;
$10.
Cyrus E. and Eleanor Pullman Palmer to
Jacob Palmer, undivided one-half Interest In
lot on E line of Center street, 87:6 N of West
Eighth, X 30:9% by E 81, being portion of lot
1, block 552. Eighth street Tract, Oakland; $800.
Jacob Palmer to Lottie E. Fowler (wife of
James), all of same, Oakland; $1500.
Charles Jensen to Andrea Jensen, lot 9 block
D, J. E. McElrath Tract, quitclaim deed, Oak
land; $10.
William F. and Winnie M. Fox to California
Building and Loan Association (corporation),
lot on W line of Union street, 125 S of Eighth,
S S3 by W 213.96, block 534, Oakland; $10.
Catherine J. Wilson to Catherine V. Wilson,
lot 20. block 582 A Bagge Tract, Oakland: gift.
j Lytlia H. Dresco (executrix estate of Lorenzo
Dresco) to Pietro Mautlno. lot on SW corner of
McAdam and Clifton streets, SW IS6, NW 100.
XE 150, SE 100 to beginning, being portion of
lot 21, plat IS, Rancho V. and D. Feralta, Oak-
I land; $1000.
Mary E. Gordon to ladee Welnsteln (wife of
M.). lot on X line of Tenth street, 75 E of
Brush. E 45 by N 100, being lot 2S and a por
tion of lot 27. block 14S, Oakland; $10.
ladee and M. Welnstein to Mary E. Gordon,
lot on S line of Henton street, 200.03 E of Para
: disc, E 53 by B 135, being lot 24, block 2, lie
! Kee Tract. Oakland; $10.
j Alexander and Ruth Young to Agnes Dredge
j (wife of Then F.), lot on S. line of Adams |
street. 133.35 E of Lee, E SO by S 123. being lots
11 and 12. block 5, in subdivision 1 of Adams
Point property Oakland; gift.
Antonio and Maddalena Ghlrardelll to Luigi
Marini (trustee), lot on NW corner of (Third
and Market street?, W 76 by X 'M; also lot on
N line of Third street, 50 X of Myrtle. E 30 by
X 94; also lot on X line of Myrtle street, 119
X of Third. X 25 by E 125: also lot on X line
; of Third street. 55 E of Filbert, E 41 by X 94.
block Q. iil, Adeline and Market Street Home
stead. Oakland (trust deed); $10.
Ernst and Anna Mueller to C. H. King, lot
on E line of San Pablo avenue. 71:11 X of
Twenty-second street, E 121:3. X 53. W 158:7.
S 71:11 to beginning, lot 53, Tuttle Homestead
Tract, Oakland; $10.
' Grace E. Mullen to Lydia Wade, lot on E
line of Adeline street. 1S1:3 S of Twenty-first,
* 25 by E 127, Oakland; gift.
Edward J. and Cornelia J. Prin^le to Tallar.t
Banking Company, lot on SW corner of Sever.th
avenue and East Twentieth street, S 100 by V
150. block 120, Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Max W. Koenig to Frederick Wilkle, lot on S
line of Forty-fourth street; 265 E of West, E j
75 by B 101, being lot 9 and E half of lot 8, block |
2099, Alden Tract at Teir.escal. Oakland; $10.
Eda J. Collins (by D. Edward Collins, attor
ney) to Lucinda Babbitt, lot on E line of Web
ster street. 120 S of Orchard avenue, S 2 by
B 78, being the S 2 feet of lot 1 and a portion
of lot 2. Academy Homestead, Oakland; $100.
Cosmopolitan Mutual Building and Loan As
sociation to W. A. Donaldson, lot en XW line
of Thirteenth avenue, 50 SW of East Twenty
first street, SW 50 by NW 150, block 127, Clin
ton, East Oakland: $10.
George C. and Helen K. Parde© to John F.
Dlngwell, lot on E corner of Ninth avenue and
East Twentieth street. NE 125 by SE 75, block
126. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Enock A. Peterson to Lena Peterson, lot on
E line of Pleasant Valley avenue. 227.27 X of
Piedmont avenue, X 50, E 105, S 25. E 101,
S 28.07, W 193.45. to beginning, being lots 8,
9 and 45, Revised Map Piedmont Cable Tract,
Oakland Township; gift.
California Fruit Preserving Company to Cali
fornia Fruit Canners' Association (a corpora
tion) lot on NE corner of West First and Fil
bert streets. E 250:10%, X 133:7%. W 173. S
114:4'- 2 . W 57:10, S 25:9, to beginning, block 441,
Oakland; also property in Butte County; $10.
S. C. Blgelow to R. S. Kitchener, lot on S
line of Howe street, 121 W of Amethyst, W 40
by S 125, being the W 25 feet of lot 35 and E 15
feet of lot 34, block B, Map of Thermal Hill,
Oakland; $10.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Ed G.
Tupper, lot 13, block I, Linda Vista Terrace,
Map 2, Oakland; $10.
Mary E. Dewing to Henry B. and L. A. Fer
guson, lot on E line of Eleventh street, 185 X
of Villa avenue, E 100 by X 65; also lot on W
line of Twelfth street, 215 X of Villa avenue,
W 100 by X 56, being lots 5. 6. 22 and 23 and 5
feet on S side of lot 4. block 2, San Pablo
Avenue Villa Tract, Oakland; $10.
George C de Golla to Frank Ench, lot on SW
line of East Sixteenth street, 234 SE of Thir
teenth avenue. SE 87:5, SW 70. SW 65, XW 234.
NE to beginning, being portion of block 65,
Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
Duncan Hayne to City of Oakland, lots J-737.
"A 756-C." "B 756-C." on map showing lands
to be taken for opening of Commerce street,
East Oakland; $263.
H. C. Morris to Katie Keating, lot 64, resub
divlsion block 84, Warner Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Gustav A. and Bessie Komberg to William
H. Hammond, lot on W line of Frultvale ave
nue, SW 30 feet distant . from NE corner of
lands described in deed hereinafter referred
to, thence SW 230, XW 340. XW S3, NW 57:10,
to a point in Sausalito Creek, thence along
the center of said creek NE 55. NE r,4. NE 123.
SE 356, to beginning, containing 2071 acres,
and being a portion of land described in the
•deed from Jeremiah Hanlfln to George B.
Stacy, bearing date of June 27. IS9O. and re
corded In 405 d. 272. Brooklyn Township; $10.
The McCarthy Company (a corporation) to
Josefa Forstpr (wife of Charles), lot 13. in
Subdivision G, Frultvale Terminal Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Mamie McGuerkin to J. H. Koster, undivided
one-fourth interest In lot 1, block 4, Warner
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $150.
Same as guardian estates of Emile and
Charles Kreutzfeldt (minors) to same, all Inter
est in same. Brooklyn Township; $150.
Caroline E. Coffey to August C. Schroeder,
lot on NW line of Blrdsnll avenue, 352.40 NE
of Stuart avenue, XW 294.65, NE BS.S, SE 262.7,
SW 94.26, to beginning, being a portion of lot
*6 Alta Vista, being a subdivision of lots 7,
8' and 10, Chlttenden Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $10.
Jennlo C. Cottrell (or Jennie C. Thompson)
to Fred R. Turton, all Interest In lot on NW
corner of Alameda avenue and Chestnut street,
W 72 N 122. W 36, X 28, E 108, S 150 to
beginning, Alameda; $500.
Jose A. Thoza to Jose F. de Solto, lot on
W line of Ashland avenue. 300 S of Wiriow
street, X 32. W US, S 32, E 108 to beginning,
being a portion of Ashland Tract, Eden Town
ship; no.
Thomas Gihon to George H. Gihon, beginning
at a point 120 X from XE corner of Russ
street and College avenue. E 135 by X 120,
being lot 7. block 4. Map of Property of John
Kearney, Berkeley; gift.
Sands W. and Lucille B. Forman and Elm
hurst Land Company to Joseph ""anna, lots 41.
42 and 43, Elmhurst Park, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
Mattie Boyd to Charles Groos, lot on E line
of St. Charles street. 317:6 S of San Antonio
avenue S 50 by E 100: $10.
Charles and Carrie Groos to Walter G. Tib
bit same: $10.
Bank of -Livermore to Albert Jacker. lots 10
and 11. block 12. map of northern addition to
town of Livermore, Murray Township; $130.
,T C. Hollowav to John Holloway, lot on W
line of Myrtle street. 139:6 SW of West Four
teenth. S 25 by W 125. being the S half of lot
6. block 570. Oakland: $5000.
Mary Brleu to James L. McCarthy, lots 43
to 46, block 34. resubdi vision^ of Smith's sub
division of Matthews' Tracts, Berkeley; $10.
H. W. and M. G. Walter to J. J. Muller,
block G, fronting 200 on Trumbull avenue. SOO
on Central avenue and 200 on oiuart avenu*.
being a portion of Trumbull Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
James L. and Kitty B. Taylor to Home
Building Company (a corporation) of San Fran
cisco, lot on NW line of Wilson avenue, ISI.OI
NE of Vernon avenue, NE 72 by NW 154. be
ing lota 4 and 5. East Fruitvale Tract, Brook
lyn Township: $10.
Same to same, lot on NW line of Wilßon
avenue, 725.01 NE of Vernon avenue, NE 46.
XW 146, SW 45.63. PE 145. to beginning, be
ing lot IS East Fruitvale Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; 310.
Newton and Cornelia M. Benedict to Agnes
Wigney, lot on S line of Walton (or Thirty
flfth) street, 207:814 E of San Pablo avenue.
E 25 by S 139:6, being the E one-half of lot
26, Cotter Tract, Oakland; $10.
Robert and .Frances E. Brash to Shelly Har
■wood, lot on SE corner and Twenty-ftrst and
West streets, S 50 by E l<Xi, being lot 4, blook
L. Curti6 and Williams Tract, warranty deed,
Oakland: $1.
William H. and Minnie L. Barber to Home
Building Company (a corporation) of San Fran
cisco, lots 42 and 43. on Map of Peralta-avenue
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
George S. and Carrie J. Montgomery to
Emrr.a F. Harmon, lot 2. block 64, Map of
Park Place Map 2. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Jennie M. and Robert Snowgrass to Douglas
8. Watson, all interest in estate of Lucy C.
Goodspeed. deed, probate No. 17,053 S. F\
deed and assignment: $3000.
Harry E. and Etta E. Adams to J. M. Bart
lett. lot on W line of Adeline street, 40 S
of Sixteenth, S 85 by W 110, blook 557, Oakland;
$10.
Mary E. Redmond to Anni« L. Fry (wife of
William M.). lot on W line of Adeline street,
156:6 N of First, N 25 by W 128, being lot
40 block 445, Briggs' Tract, Map 2, Oakland;
$10.
A\. J. and Eliza M. Reed and Frank and
Johanna S. Miller to Pierce & Co. (a corpora
tion), lot on N- line jof Twelfth street. IT W
of Clay, W SO by M 200, being lots 10. 11, 12,
26, 26 and 27 and W 5 feet of lots 13 and 2i.
block 177, to correct 559 d. 363, quitclaim deed,
Oakland; $1.
Kate A. Carothers to J. Martin Atherton,
lot 43, Gl»n Echo Traot Map 2. Oakland; $10.
J. Martin Atherton to J. F. Cross, same,
Oakland; $10.
Anna L. Newquist to Louis Newquist. lot on
NW line of Park way, 60 SW of East Tenth
street, SW 80 by IfW 60, being lot 13 on Map
of Badger's subdivision block 11, Clinton, East
Oakland; gift.
Central Pacific Railroad Company to Charles
H. Ackerman, lot on S line of oounty road,
Oakland to San Leandro. 94.67 E of Harrison
avenue, E 30 by 8 125, being a portion of lots
2 and 3. block C, Huntlngton Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Otto and France* Mneiier to Home Building
Company (a corporation) of San Francisco,
lots 109 and 110, Oalindo Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $10.
James T. Ashby to Tani-ie M. O'Neill, lot 4,
block C. amended map of E portion of NewljuTy
Tract, Berkeley (quitclaim deed); n.
Margaret Carroll to Louise Frlcke (-wit* ot
Theodor). lot on SW com«r of Huff and Fruit
vale avenues. S 75, W 150, S 75, W 50, X 150,
E 200 to beginning. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Theodor and Louise Frlcke to Margaret Car
roll, lot on W line of Frultval* avenue, 75 S
of Sixteenth street, S 34:8 by W 126. being a
portion of lot 3, block B. Churoh Tract. Brook
lyn Townihlp; $10.
Venilia R. and J. A. Parker to Orac* H.
Britton 'wife of Frank), lot on SW line of
Second street, 480 NW of Jones avenu*. NW
40 by SW 250, block J of Andrew Jones' sub
division of Brooklyn Township; $800.
John R. Glaecock to Sarah Hays, lots 21. and
22, block S, North Alameda Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $250.
P. and Catherine Bareillea to J. and Cather
ine Bonnemazou. lot on SW corner of Central
avenue (since widened 10 feet) and blocks 1
and 2, Alameda Park Homestead, said point
being 109:104 E from point of intersection of
Central avenue with E line of Park street j
(since widened to 80 feet), thence 8 1«:S, E !
jj, N to S line of Central avenue, W 39 to j
beginning, being portions of blocks 1 and 2,
Alameda Park Homestead. Alameda (subject to
a mortgage for $2500) ; $10.
Jr.hn and Catherine Bonncmaxou to Peter and
Catherine Bareilies, lot on S line of Central
avenue, SO W of Park avenue. S 120 by W 40,
being a portion of Alameda Park Homestead,
subject to a mortgage for $3<XK). Alameda: $10
O. A. Lane et al. to Farmers' and Merchants' j
Savings Bank, lots 1 to 4 and 6, Ridgewood, i
East Oakland; $2700.
Etta H. and Richard W. Oorrill to Graoe H.
Qorrill, lot on W line of Hillside avenue.
2C4.41 N of Piedmont avenue, NW 56, 6W 118,
9E 55, NE 175, to beginning, Oakland Town
•hip; gift.
Frederick Smith to Bessie M. Holloway, lot
on W line of Grand street. 85 S of Berkeley
way, S 40 by W 100, being the S 40 feet of lots
j and X, on mac of subdivision portion of
ranger 5, 8 and 7, Hardy Tract. Berkeley; $10. I
Henry Z. Jones to Nellie Brower, lots 32 and
83, block 11, Allendale Tract, Brooklyn Town- i
ship; $10.
Emeline Blanchard to Abigail T. Nash, lot j
on NW line of Stanford street and Eagle '
avenue, W 47 :R by N MO, being a portion of
lots 8 snd 9, Work 2. on map of resubdlvtsion
blocks 1, 2 and 3, lands adjacent to Encinal,
Alameda: $550.
Nellie S. Voshell to William H. MoCormick.
lot on W line of Benton street, 200 N of Cen
tral avenue, N 50 by W 150. being lots 23 and
24, block 21, Mary A. Fitch Homestead, Ala
meda; $4200. .
Builders' Contracts.
Felix Marcuse (owner) with Marcuse & Rem
mel (contractors and architects).— All work for
a two-story frame dwelling on lot on N line
of Clement street, 55 W of Eighth avenue, W
26 by N 108; $24w.
E." Avery McCarthy (owner) with H. Stettin
(contractor), architect Maxwell G. Bugbee. —
Grading and concrete work for two two-story
and attic frame residences on lot nn NW cor
ner of Broadway and Steiner street. W 50 by
N 87:6: also lnt on W line of Ptelner street,
flti N of Broadway, N 60 by W 50; $ISO.
-v
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
" . . I .- ■ — %
Down East
VIA THE
"BIG FOUR"
THE ROUTE OF THE
FAMOUS
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL,
FINEST SERVICE EVER
OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side
THROUGH ■ SLEEPERS FROM - ST. LOUIS,
TO ■ I
NEW YORK AND BOSTON
Via Now York Central.
Through Sleepers to Washington
reaching all the health and
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
VIRGINIA.
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE,
! X O. P. A.. X Q. P. A.,
fit. Louis. Cincinnati.
WARREN J. LYNCH,
General Passenger and Ticket Agent,
Cincinnati. O.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAY IN' THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN' UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BT MR
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERT DETAIL, - SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR . HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANT IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 62S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara Street.
BATLBOAD TBAVEL.
«orTHF.RS pacific coaiFAJnr*
, (PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
strains leave nod nre da* to i»irl»e ml
"^^ SAW FKAK«'IS«'«»-
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
l»ave — Fbom Apotjet 2, 1899. — ABBrTO
7iOOa Bt-nicia. Suieun and Sacramento. . . . 3:43 p
»©A Marysrille, OrorJUeand Bedding Tla
Woodland »««p
% , ""Va Elmira, VacaTil'.e and Rnmsey Btovr
7«»«»a Martmex. San Ramon, Vallejo, Nap*, . /
Osltotoga and SanU Rosa s'!? F
StOOA Atlantic Express, Ogileu and East.. 9i-l»A
•iB»Aß*n Jose, Lrrermow, Stoektou,
love, Sacramento, Plaeerrlde,
MiiryiTHlo, Chico, Red Bluff VIZ*
SiSOa •Milton, Oakdale and Sonora «iIBP
•18OA Yoeemite Valley via Oakdale and
Chinese .*'!?*
•iOO* Haywarda. NOes and Way Stations. 111*3*
•:OOa Hartines. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton,
Meroed and Fresno. 1*»1Of
•iO*a Fresno. Bakersfield. SanU Barbara,
Los Angeles, Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East- 6t-I3r
lOiOOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations ?>-* 3 r
El:t>OAHaywarda,Kues and Way Stations. t:l3p
ISiOUm Niles, Lrrermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. VisaUa,
Porteryllle ««Isp
*li*Or Sacramento B4»«* Ste«ro«rß •SiOOf
S:OOr Haywards. Kile* and Way Stations. 6i43r
*>Oi»r Martinez, Son Uainou, Vallejo,
Kapa, Oal!»#o«a, Santa Rosa 81 1 D a
4:00r Benlclo, V»c*vllle, Saeratuento,
Woodland, Kntgbts Landing,
MorysTillo, OroTlll« 10:46 a
4:3«p Niles, Ban Joee and Stockton 7>inp
4i3op Voscmito Sleeping Car for Raymond 12<lSp
oi4>opTiio OwL Tracy, Fresno, Bakers-
field, Ban2os tat Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. »:45a
OtSOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno...,. lS:l3p
siSop Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Jlojave and I .os Angeles SilOa
4tB«p Santa Fo lloute. Atlantio Express
for Mojave and East 0:49p
f IOOr Chicago-San Franciioo Special, Ogdeu
and liast , StSOp
•IOOp Haywarda, Niles and San Jose 7:45 x
•6:00p 1»i»0f
f7:OOp Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
* Uons t9»3Bl»
9ioßp Orecou Sacratnento, Marys-
villo, ltf(UI;)u, Portland, Tugek
Honinl and Kast B>IJA
l ~ COAST DIVISION (harrow «an^e). ' '
(Foot of Market Street.)
IYT*4Bal YT*4Ba Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa'
Cruz and Principal Wey Stations JB:«3_>
•iISjl Newark, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, fiant a Oruz and Way
Stations , HjßOp
*Xtl3r Newark Centerrllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Strut* Cms and Principal Way
Stations •1»:30a
4ilSf Ban Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions. ; 9»20a
MilSp Felton, Santa Cms and Way Bta-
J tions /9««Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
flOl.iH mKCISCO— foci «f Mtrktt Street (Slip 8) —
•7:16 6:00 11:00 A.M. 11:C3 *3i03 J3:53
•140 18:00 *6:03r.H.
ffimOilUXD— •rßroidwiy.— "B:oo 8:00 10:00*.«.
$12:00 '1:00 »2:00 *3:00 \I:M *g:OQr.H.
"" COAST DIVISION (Brosd G«oge).
(Third and Townaend Sts.)
~#6:10a Ocean View, South San Krandeco.. »oi3o*>
•71OOA San Jose and Way Bkatlons (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) »9:00 a
k7>B9a Sunday Excursion for Santa Croz,
Pacifio GroTe and Principal War
Station* JSiS3p
•i»0 A Ban Jose, Trea Plaos, Rant* Crux,
Pacllic Grove, Paso Robles, San
Luis Oblei.o, Sun, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations 4il»p
11:10 a San Jose and Way Station OiSSa
lIiSOa San Jnge and Way Stations liSO*
•3:43p San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Hollister. Santa Cms. Salinas.
Monterey and l'aclno Orore *10:36*
•S:3op San Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacifio GroT«
and Principal Way Stations *7:80p
•lilSr San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9i43a
•5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:33 a
B:3Or Sau.Tose and Principal Way Stations »9:00*.
0::«0p Ban Jose and Way Stations 5t30?
tll;4Bp San Jose and Way Stations a< >P
A for Morning. P tor Afternoon.
i •Sunday exeepted. t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
bSaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO,
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot of Market 6t
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
| WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
! 8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
: at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at l:si>
1 and 11:30 p. m.
: SUNDAYS— «:OO, 8:30, 11:00 a, m.j 1:30. 3:30.
I 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RATAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
! WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60, 8:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43,
I 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
i 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDA.YS— 3:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a, m.; 1:40. 3:40, 5:03.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzen Paris
same schedule as above. '«'
Leave •'. -■ '>'■■ Arrive
Ban Francisco. In "Effect San Francisco. ,
| . April 16, , . .
! Week Sun- 1599. Sun- j Week
Days. days, i Destination. days. | Days.
7: SO am S:00am : Xovato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm, 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 10:25 am
I 5:10 pm 5:00 pmj Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm : 6:20 pra
i J .
Fulton, !
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 an*
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
S:3O pm 8:00 ami Gloverdal*. 7:35 pm 6:20 prnl
7:30 am ' Hopland and I 10:25 an»
3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
" i ' [ -■
7:30 am 10:25 am;
8:00 am aaernevina. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma __________ 8:40 am
8:00 am, Sonoma 10:40 am S: 4O ana
and
, 6:10 pm; 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ) 6:05 pmj 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebaetopol. '10:40 am 1 10:25 am
• :30 pm 5:00 pm; I 7:16 pm ; 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
tor Lytton Springs; at Gcyservllle for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
: Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
| port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
j Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
| Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside Llerley's,
I Buckneirs, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville.
Booneville, Phllo. Christine. Soda Springs,
Navarre, TVhitesboro, Albion, Little River.,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg 1 ,
Westport, Usal, WilUtts. Laytonville, Cumi
mlng's, Bell's Springs, . Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,;
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bide.
H. C. WHITINfJ. R. X. RYAN. '
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.'
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauaallto Ferry.
■■ - Comencing April 23. 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, '8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. SO.;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •9:00. *10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, »1:45, •2:30, •4:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS - 5:25, •6:40. 7:55, 8:40. «10:20
a m.: 12:30, 2:15; *3:40, 4:33. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:00. '8:00. »9:45. »10:45. »11:45
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20, »3:30, *5:16, •6:00, 7:00, 10:15
P. m.
Trains marked (♦) run to San Qupntin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:45, 6:50, 7:55, 8:55, 10:15
a. m.; 12:35, 2:45 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:00. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05.
1:20, 2:40 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. ■week days Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— and way sta'ns.
5:15 P. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way Bta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIff
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1339, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. .... Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9.10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:3S am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:2; pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6-25 pm Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tnlara 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market at..
San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1893.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ing, arriving in San Francisco at 11:20
SUNDAYS. 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:38
and 4 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return, $1' *0. '
TH.O3 COOK & SON. Asts.. 621 Market St.
1314
MILLION AND HALF IN
GOLD FROM KLONDIKE
Steamer Portland Brings Back
Many Miners.
None of the Prospectors Carried Much
Dust, But All Had Big Drafts,
Cape Nome Very Rich.
rpilE Alaska Commercial Company s j
I steamer Portland arrived from St. ,
I Michael last night with 163 gold hunt- j
ers and two officers and forty-nine men
of the Fourteenth Infantry and Third Ar
tillery. There was very little wealth
among the passengers, but in twelve large
there was v million and a half In
gold dust for the company. A large
in of it originally belonged to the
passengers, but they sold It to the com
pany i"T drafts which are much easier
to carry than gold dust.
The following passengers came from
Cape Nome— John Clifford, Mrs. Dr.
Brigham, J. D. Morgan, Denis Vignolt j
and W. H. Winters. The richest man In
the party Is J. D. Morgan. He has a
numbtr of rich claims at the cape and
says the field Is all that it is cracked up j
to" be. For three miles along the beach
men are working down to the waters
odge and are doing well. In fact more
pr.ld dust is txMng taken out of the ocean
beach than out of the claims on Anvil
Ore«k.
The returning miners say that there is
going tn be a great deal of hardship in
Anvil City this winter. There Is no fuel
t drift wood and the lumber brought
mi sailing vessels, and the supply I
is not going to last very long. Such men
as C. D. Lane have laid in a good sup
ply of wood and coal, and their hands j
will he all right if some miners do i.ot
turn to and help themselves when the |
freeze ccmes.
Everything was very quiet at Dawson |
when the miners who came down on the
■ ::.l left. All the news they bring
has been distributed by those who came
out over the trails, however. Those who
came down from St. Michaels are— ii. L.
■■' H. L. O'Brien, B. H. Loughlin,
Charles Young, D. R. Haworth. H. M.
Noel A. Mizner. R. O. Osborn, Mrs.
] ogaa E. McGrath, H. McGruder, J. C.
William Owens, L. Cnmplgne. E. I
M. Wells. D. Eisner. O. M. Farwell, I
Thnnv's W. Alabitt, M. S. Aisbitt. N. P. j
McHenry and wife, Paul Grassolt and
wife, Mrs. Moffat. Mrs. J. L. Peterson.
& T> Untcblne-s. H. L. Jennings. Thomas
DREXLER LEFT
ESTATE WORTH
MANY MILLIONS
His Will Is Filed for
Probate.
BULK GOES TO THE WIDOW
OTHER RELATIVES RECEIVE
HANDSOME BEQUESTS.
Considerable of the Property Is In
cluded in Life — Several
Public Charities Are Re
membered.
The will of Millionaire Louis P. Drex
cr, who died at his home, 1603 Van Ness
avenue, August 17, at the age of GO years,
was filed for probate yesterday. The pc- j
tition of Mrs. Elisc P. Drexler, widow of
the deceased, praying for the probate of
the will, states that the property left by
the testator exceeds $500,000 in value, but
this figure, it is said by those in a posi
tion to know, does not represent one
eighth of its actual value.
Following are the bequests: To Ger
trude, Marion and Nettle Bybee, nieces
of the testator, each equally, the rents
and proflits. after iirst paying the taxes,
insurance and repairs, of that certain
■water lot and improvements on the north
line of California street, 31:8 feet easterly
from Davis street, having a frontage of
45:10 feet, known as 30-32 California street.
In event of the death of either of the ;
nieces without Issue those surviving her
shall divide the rents and profits, and in j
the event of two dying the other j
shall retain all. In event of their \
death leaving issue. such issue ,
shall be entitled to their share.
Marion Bybee is appointed manager and
trustee for herself and Bisters. In event
of the destruction of the building the tes
tator authorizes the beneficiaries to mort
gage the property and make necessary
repairs, the mortgage to be redeemed
with the profits. At the death of all tho
beneficiaries their issue, if any survive
them, may apply to the court for the sal?
of the property, the proceeds to be di
vided among them. In event neither has
any issue the last surviving is authorized j
to. dispose of the property by testament. !
To Mrs. Daisy MaeCallum, a slstor-in
law, 16000, and to each of her children, j
Donald and Jean, $2500; to Harvey H. !
Dana, a nephew, decedent's undivided \
half interest .in the real estate in this city !
owned jointly between them during tha I
testator's life; to Louis P. Choisser, a >
nephew. $3000 and fifty acres of land near
Chico, Butte County; to Louis Prosper, a
cousin, $1000: to Lomls P. Howe. %0 acres .
of land in Madera County; to Miss Chris
tina Hoff, for her good service In doce- !
dent's home, $2000; to Miss Kareen Both^n, j
for faithful services. $500; to each of the i
following institutions the sum of $2300:
Young Men's Christian Association, ■
Protestant Orphan Asylum, Catholic Or- j
phan Asylum and Mrs. Montgomery's i
Beulah Orphan Asylum in AJame'da
County; to his widow the family
residence at 1603 Van Ness aye- i
nue, with Its furnishings, the house !
and lot at 1815 Sacramento street, I
nil the rents and profits of the property
on the northwest corner of Montgomery
Keith's 'leading millinery house for the |
new walkers. 808 Market street. •
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
Of All Kinds
For the Location o?
Government
And
State Lands
Both Surveyed
And Uneurveyed.
F. A. HYDE,
415 Montgomery St., San Francisco
Mahoney, Miss Pearl Hicks, M'ss B.
Sonntag, Mrs. Zena Wadell, W. W.
Anderson. "William A. Davey. H. A. Gale,
James Lord. Charles Swanson, Mark A.
Pollok, George S. Potter, William E.
Potter, E. Richards, H. Bornholdt. Jacob
Aner, E. Fowler, Dr. 9. R. Hebert. A.
Blyth, N. L. Marsalais, G. L. Liquori, G.
Q. Hall, J. R. Poland, W. F. Miller. L. C.
Shoekley, Miss Lizzie Dowd, G. S.
Leslie, G. W. Moores, B. T. Moores,
Arthur O'Leary, K. Putz, P. H. Sankey,
D. Kyes. Captain J. F. Drlsco. H. J.
Hardy. Lieutenant Bell. Eighth United
Btates Infantny; Lieutenant McManus,
Third United States Artillery; Dr. Part
ridge, acting assistant surgeon, U. S. A.;
Dr. McQuesten, acting assistant surgeon.
U. S. A.; C. J. Noiden. W. M. Coffee. John
Mark, A. O. Simpson, James Archer, W.
H. Hopkins, J. H. Easum, J. Youn?;. C.
Trevaine, J. Forsythe. H. Chisky. E. B.
Cummings, J. Ryan, Joe Underwood, J.
Auger, P. Brown, E. Batchi-lor, Peter
Johnson, S. D. Morris, J. O. Eckles, C. O.
Ford, John Meyer. G. W. Berry, S. C.
Beutz, A. C. Thees, Sabin Harris, Frank
Harris, H W. Pike, G. W. Breed, Joseph
Busch, F. Dickman. D. Francisco, M. S.
Kane, Chris Schlunegger, T. M. Lane,
Frank Slater, August Lutzenhoff, Henry
Muckersie, Frank Stelgner. C. Murphy. E.
\Y. Martin, H. S. de Loner. George Sin
clair, E. W. Clark, S. 11. Walley, C. Ash
ley, Thomas Russell. Charles Basse, F.
Ramos. J. H. Cole, James E. Steele, Will
iam Simmons. F. Janner, O. McCormfck,
George P. Blanchard. F. E. Smith. H. E.
Webb, Cera Martlnelli, L. Gumelli. B.
Ariasi. C. M. Smith, Mrs. C. M. Smith. C.
F. Webb, M. Premo, Mrs. Herman, Rich
ard Eltz, Mrs. S. A. Hicks, Martin Gil
more. John Grennan, C. Knudsen, J. G.
Asche. Andrew Moffat, Jamt>s Mclntosh.
J. J. Smith, M. McAvoy, Cha Prosek. F.
Schneegass, F. Finnigan, James Cambell,
Joe McAlear, Jacob Gabriel. P. Politti, G.
J. Jorgensen, C. Davis, <;. Houvlnen,
G. Howard. W. Gorman, F. L. Benedict.
The Portland called at Unalaska on h>-r
way down. She left in port there the
revenue cutters Grant and Perry and the
British cruiser Carius and steamer Bris
tol. The Bertha was to leave for San
Francisco shortly after the Portland, and
should be here about the end of the
month.
and Washington streets, rent? and prolits
of the property on the southeast corner
of Front and Commercial streets, and the
rents and profits of th>- property on the
northeast corner of Front and Clay
streets. Mrs. Drexler is given the came
powers in regard to these properties as
ire conferred on the nieces in the* first men
tioned bequest. In event she has no Issue
she Is authorized to dispose of the prop
erty by testament as she desires, but <-n
the Other hand the Issue will inherit. The
residue of the estate is devised to Mrs.
Droxler. In conclusion the testator says
that he has made no provision for liis
wife's mother, knowing that she will be
amply cared for.
The will, which bears date of N'nvcmh.T
!>. IS<*>, is witnessed by (J. W. Alexander
of 1016 Morton street. Alameda. and An
drew S. Moseley of 868 Oak street, Oak
land. Mrs. Drexler Is named as executrix
to serve without bonds.
MARTHA DAVIS IN TROUBLE.
Her Master Tried to Evade an Inspec
tion and Must Break Open the
Main Hatch.
The American bark Martha Davis Is In
trouble by reason of an attempt of her
master to evade the new law which pro
vides that all sailing vessels of more than
100 tons shall be inspected and licensed by
the United States inspectors of local and
foreign steam vessels before clearing. The
bark had taken on a cargo for Honolulu
last Wednesday, and the master went to
the Custom-house for his clearance pa
pers, but they were refused him because
his vessel had not been inspected. He was
in a great hurry to get away, and he em
ployed a Custom-house broker to accom
pany him to the office of the United
Stales inspectors to request that he be
granted a special permit to sail without
the formality of an Inspection, but the
Inspectors replied that it was their duty
to make a thorough examination of the
vessel's hull. They ordered yesterday that
the cargo be taken out of the main 'hatch
and a sufficient quantity removed to allow
them to Inspect the hull. This work will
be done to-day.
The bark was built in East Boston in
1573 and is registered at $70 tons gross.
• . ♦ .
COURT NOTES.
The cases of Frank McConnell and oth
ers, charged with the murder of James
Franey, the pugilist, were called in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday, and by consent
were continued till September 7.
The case of Wong Yuey, charged with
kidnaping Ah Moy, a Chinese girl, on
June 12 last, was to have been continued
In Judge Treadwell's court yesterday, but
it was continued till to-day. Wong Chuck
King, who married the girl last Saturday,
and Wong Fun, who were in court, were
arrested on the charge of kidnaping by
Detective Fitzgerald, as they were the
real kidnapers.
Louis Dochmann, a waiter, appeared be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge
of battery, and the case was continued
till August 29. Wednesday night Doch
mann went to the Louvre and asked
"William Bogan, the proprietor, why .he
had been discharged. A fight followed,
and Bogan's eye was blackened.
The fifth account and report of the ex
ecutors of the estate of the late John S.
Doe was filed in the Probate Court yes
terday. Since the last report the receipts
of the estate have been $70,119191; disburse
ments, $25,565 M, leaving a balance of $45
--42S 04. Of this amount $22,179 36 has been
paid the widow of the deceased, Mrs.
Kleanor H. Doe, and Mary Margaret Doe,
leaving a balance on hand of $23,246 68.
■ m ■
A Perfect War Album
The finest halftone engravings of the
battle scenes around Manila yet issued
have Just been publish' <l by the Wasp's
Quarterly. The portrait of every man in
the First California Volunteers is given.
There are thirty-two pages of pictures!
illustrating all the hardships, dangers and
triumphs of a snkller's life from the first
raising of Old Glory on the walls of
Manila to the reception of the .returning
troops in the streets of San Francisco is
given in pictorial detail. The number
contains nothing but pictures, and is a
perfect war album, interesting of itself,
and valuable as a memento. The
souvenir is for sale by all newsdealers.
Wires to Go Underground
Mayor Phelan has signed the ordinance
recently passed by the Supervisors com
pelling the placing of electric wires un
derground. The ordinance divides the
city, into four districts, and according to
present calculations it will take four years
to complete the proposed work.
■ ♦ ■
HOME AGAIN.— the Wasp's souvenir
of the volunteers' return. Thirty-two
pages of war pictures. For sale at all
newsdealers. 25 cents. •
. m ■
Fractured Her Thigh
Mrs. E. Kendall, 139 Wilder street, was
walking along Valencia street yesterday,
and when opposite No. 439 she stepped on
an orange peel and fell, fracturing her
thigh. She was taken to the Receiving
Hospital in the ambulance.
"Cars *top here," this is the «iirn
The Market-st. Railway wish to define.
Pegamoid Aluminum does It for them;
Opposite "Call Bldg." 'tis a gem.
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, AUGUST 25, 1899.
HER DEATH IS
SHROUDED IN
DEEP MYSTERY
Sudden Demise of an
Oakland Belle.
PASSING OF MISS PRATT
FATAL TERMINATION OF A
MINOR OPERATION.
The Removal of a Small Tumor
Caused a Collapse Which
Ended Her Life
Yesterday.
Miss Ethel Pratt, one of the most prom
inent of the younger members of Oakland
society, died yesterday afternoon under
most mysterious circumstances, at the
East Bay Sanitarium. The deceased was
the eldest daughter of Dr. and Mrs. A. H.
Pratt of 1659 Grove street. Her demise
was so sudden and unexpected and the
circumstances surrounding it were so pa
thetic that the news will be read with
more than usual sorrow by every one and
j with deepest grief by those who knew her
well and were unacquainted with the fact
that she was even ill.
Miss Pratt had been ailing but only
slightly for some time. The cause of her
Indisposition was supposed by her father
to be a small tumorous growth on the
left hip. On Saturday he called In three
| SAN FRANCISCO IS
I CROWDED WITH GUESTS
* *
* /— \ AX FRANCISCO is crowded with guests from the Interior, who have come to assist in welcoming the brave .^
* (Cr California boys Every train coming into the city yesterday bore its quota of people, from that part of the
* country from which it came. From every quarter of the great State the visitors came thronging in. *-
* A. )) The hotels are packed with guests. The many rooms of the Palace are all taken. At the Grand hundreds +
* w~heen turned away At the California late arrivals are sleeping on cots and in the parlors. The city's guests +
* have all been sheltered, however, for the lesser hotels and lodging houses quickly furnished the necessary accommoda- *
* tiOnS The streets, thronged with visitors and residents, presented yesterday the appearance of a great and joyous carni- *
1 val of the olden' time, and such indeed, the welcome was. *
*" . _ . . . . . T*
; £■£!•••*•••••••*•*******
I physicians to discuss the matter of an
operation to remove the growth These
were Dr. Frank L. Adams, Dr. W. F. B.
Wakefleid and Dr. D. D. Crowley. They
agreed with him that the operation would
be but a trivial one and arrangements
were made to have it performed at the
| sanitarium, and with the assistance of
! Dr. C. R. Krone, who is in charge of the
hospital. On Monday Miss Pratt wait
• with her father to the sanitarium, and on
the arrival of the other physicians, vas
, given an anesthetic. The tumor was re
moved with but little loss of blood and
Indeed very successfully in every way.
But Miss Pratt began to sink, though
! so gradually that the doctors did not fear
the worst. Wednesday and yesterday,
however, it was seen that the ease was
precarious. A long consultation ga^ the
doctors no clew that would aid rhe>
were present with her most of yesterday,
.striving to prolong life. But death came
In spite of their labors. Its immediate
cause is such a mystery that a microscop
ist is now attempting to ascertain ! - th _
The doctors agree that it was not the
operation, which was a simple one. They
also declare that while the anesthetic
affected the patient to a grave degree,
causing much P vomiting. there was a _ hid
den ailment which was the real reason
for Miss "BBS indisposition The an
ecthetic, acting with this a"" 16 " .•
brought on the conditions that proved
serious. After coming out from its effects
-he still felt it to an unusual degree, and
never wholly recovered from It.
Mss Pratt within the last few days had
been downtown and at church, She was
anDarentlv to her friends, in the best or
heaHhandwaa as pleasant and cheery as
usual She herself, it was stated by a
physician last night had no thought
her case resulting at all 1 seriously, ana
honed to be about in a couple of weeks.
What makes M.ss Pratt's decease most
regreuable is the fact that she was soon
to become a bride. She had been affi
anced for some time, to Charles Ray. Her
slater Miss Bessie Pratt, is an Ookland
H*eh school student. Miss Pratt, was a
graduate of the High School. She was a
favorite in society, for she was a joung
woman of charming manners attractive
personality years sweet and the eldest of
was but 22 years of age and the eldest or
,,-e, daughters, there being a /.econd
'/sister. Miss Genevlove, in the family.
Two Big Estates.
The inventory find appraisement in the
estate of the late William Kde has been
filed Charles C. Bemts. H. J. Burns and
V -orge ComstOCk, the appraisers, found
the estate to be worth jaMUjK. The inven
tory and appraisement of the property of
he late Susan Helen Faull sets forth the
value of the estate at $41.95.. h«.
His Ribs Fractured.
Kugene Debrough, a laborer, living at
:m Crescent street, was engaged yester
day in tearing down an old building at
Minna and Third streets, and was struck
•.'.'■some" falling timbers Ho was taken
to the Receiving Hospital in the ami;
anceand it was found that several ribs
on his right side had been broken.
THE MacDUFF IN PORT
Provisions From the Warren Saved
the Crew From Starvation.
ASTORIA, Aug. 24.— The long over
due British *hip Mac Duff reached pert
i to-night, after a passage of 192 days
i from Shanghai. This is the longest
trip on record. She was delayed by
calms in the tropics, where her hull be
came covered with a dense growth of
i seaweed and barnacles. She also en
-1 countered a typh< i, but rode through
it safely. Further north head winds
were experienced.
When the transport "Warren fur
nished the Mac Duff with provisions 500
miles off the cr.ast her stores were ex
hausted and the timely appearance of
i the Warren alone saved the crew from
starvation. The ship was so com
pletely covered with weeds and bar
nacles that the tug Wallula could
scarcely tow her into port.
QUARTZ MINES SOLD.
English Syndicate Purchase Valuable
Property in Placerville.
PL.ACERYILLE, Aug. 24. — The
Gopher Boulder and the Dalmatia
quartz mines, situated in the Kelsey
district near this city, have been sold
to a syndicate herded by OeneraJ Juan
Alvarado of London, England.
The price paid for the group was
$150,000. Valuable water rights go with
the property. The mines have had a
great deal of development work done
upo them during the past ten years
and ire equ.pped with splendid plants
for the worklnr of the ores.
Laurier to Visit Chicago.
! CHICAGO, Aug. 24.— Secretary La Point?
of the Canadian Veteran Association of
Chicago received a letter from Premier
Laurier of Canada to-day in response to a
letter of inquiry, in which the Canadian
Premier said that he would in all proba
bility accept the invitation to attend the
1 fall festival in Chicago in October, when
the formal invitation was received by
him. Premier Laurier also stated that the
Governor General and most of the mem
bers of the Canadian Cabinet would ac
company him.
■ ♦ ■
Several beautiful painting* from this year's
Paris Salon at the Gump Art Gallery, 113
Geary »*• • -'
DANGEROUS FIRE IN
THE LUMBER DISTRICT
Forty-Two Thousand Feet Went
Up in Smoke.
Scott & Van Arsdale and the Humboldt
Company Heavy Losers— Prompt Work
of Department Prevented Its
Spread,
Cjfra FEW minutes before 12 o'clock
A FEW minutes before out o'clock
last night nre broke out In the
jL — i\ lumber yards of Scott & Van Ars
n dale, on Fifth street, between Bry
ant and Brannan, and before the
flames were under control they had com
municated to the adjoining yards of the
Humboldt Lumber Company and de
stroyed 42,000 feet of lumber.
The blaze was first discovered by Frank
Vocassel, an employe of the Humboldt
Lumber Company, who lives near the
yards. He saw a blaze shoot up from a
corner of a pile of lumber and at once
notified Michael Stroth. a watchman for
Scott & Van Arsdale. Stroth ran toward
I the nearest box, but Policeman McDowell,
who had also seen the blaze, arrived at
; the box first and turned in an alarm.
By this time the flames had completely
i enveloped a large stack of lumber and had
-, caught to the fence dividing the two
: yards. The flickering light on the sky
attracted the attention of thousands of
! sightseers along Market street and the
Streets leading to the scene were In a few
minutes filled with an eager, jostling
throng, which so impeded progress of the
tire apparatus that many people narrowly
escaped injury.
OVER ONE HUNDRED
PROBABLY LOST
Additional Reports of Disaster From
the Storm Along the
Hatteras Coast.
NORFOLK, Va., Aug. 24.— 1t is now
i thought that the number of people who
lost their lives by shipwreck and dis
aster attending the West Indian hur-
I ricane which passed up the coast about
i ten days ago will reach 100. Accounts.
' in many respects conflicting', continue
to come from the Albemarle and Pam
i lioo Sound region and the coast from
1 Hattoras to Boyds Island, in which sec
j tion the greater number of casualties
occurred. As this section of water is
i the artery for snail craft from the re
> glon tributary to Chesapeake Bay and
as far north as Philadelphia and south
to Crporgia the number of vessels tra
i versing these inland seas is always
great.
Masters of craft in from that region
Ftato that schooners. Dungies, sloops
I and fishing craft wrecked, ashore,
broken up. sunk or turned over are to
\ ho seen almost hourly in a trip through
tho sounds and it is thought that the
total drowned will run close to 100, if
It does not even reach it.
On Swan, Hog and other islands in
the vicinity of Portsmouth, Big and
Little Kinnaket, Ocracoke and smaller
points fully sixty to seventy houses.
i four or five churches and numerous
stores, barns and warehouses were
either washed away or damaged beyond
repair. As a result numbers are home
less and destitute and many others
have lost crops and flocks. Stock and
implements and the fishing interests
have suffered greatly.
WILL STOP PAYMENT
OF CUBAN SOLDIERS
General Brooke Resolves to Put an
End to Thievery and Attempted
Swindling.
HAVANA. Aug. 24.— General Brooke has
virtually decided not to make any pay
ments to Cuban troops on the basis of tne
additional rolls. The first payments
brought to light such an amount of thiev
ery and attempted swindling that he has
ceased to consider the question of distrib
uting what is left of the $3,fKK),000 in sup
plementary payments. The sum now left
in his hands he will probably use to assist
wounded and deserving officers, who un
der the original arrangement were to re
ceive nothing.
Most of the Cuban officials agree with a
remark recently made by General Gomez.
He said the $3,000,000 would prove more
harmful than helpful, and the work of
payment has revealed the depths of de
pravity that Ihe best friends of Cuba had
not conceived could exist.
GAME ENDS IN MURDER.
A Saloon-keeper in Idaho Is Fatally
Stabbed by a Miner.
LEWISTON, Idaho, Aug. 24.— Word
reached here to-day of the murder of
Charles Larrabee, a saloonkeeper at
Buffalo Hump, by James Long, a miner,
on Tuesday evening. The men had
quarreled In a gambling game, but it
was thought had settled the difficulty.
A few minutes later Larrabee and
Long walked out of the tent saloon
together apparently In a good humor.
Suddenly Long stabbed Larrabee twice,
one of the wounds penetrating the kid
neys from the back. Larrabee died
Wednesday afternoon. Long arrived at
Mount Idaho, the county seat, last
evening and gave himself up to the au
thorities. Larrabee is well-known in
Northern Idaho. His agfnl mother is
living at West Superior, Wis.
MAY NOT RESIGN.
Emperor William Refuses to Permit
the Cabinet to Quit Its
Office.
BERLIN. Aug. 24.— The correspondent
here of the Associated Press learns
authoritatively that Emperor William has
refused to accept the Cabinet's resigna
tion. Later, however, a partial reorgani
zation of the ministry will be made. The
position of Dr. yon Miquel. the vice
president of the Council of Ministers and
Prussian Minister of Finance, is an
strong as ever, and this shows the im
-1 probability of dissolution.
When the firemen arrived the flames had
spread to such an extent that it was
deemed advisable to send in a second
alarm. The whole inside of the block is
filled with lumber piles, flanked on the
outside with rickety shanties and auper
annunted warehouses. A strong breeze
was springing up, and had the fire g;iined
a linn headway it would have swept the
whole southeast section of the city. The
firemen rushed bravely in among the
smoking, tottering piles of lumber at the
risk of their lives and in half an hour the
fire was under control.
The cause of the blaze is unknown but
many theories are advanced. It is said
that a crowd collected on the lumber piles
early in the evening to get a good view
fe*** **•*•••••••••••• PS a*
of the illumination on the bay. Many of
the men and boys were smoking and it
Is possible that a live cigar or cigarette
stump may have started the fire. Another
story is that these '.-ame parties set off
a quantity of fireworks from the top of
the pile and these are responsible for th»
damage, while others say the lumber yard
has been a nightly rendezvous for tramps
and low characters who smoked freely
among the piles of wood.
The loss will amount to about $5000, di
vided between Scott & Van Arsdale and
Korbel Brothers, owners of the Humboldt
Lumber Company's yards.
CONSUL BEDLOE HAS
BEEN SUSPENDED
Accused of Having Given a Certifi
cate of American Registry
to a Filibuster.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 24.— Consul Ed
ward Bedloe of Pennsylvania, who has
been stationed at Canton. China, during
the administration of President McKinley,
has been suspended by the State Depart
ment and granted permission to return to
the United States.
Dr. Bedloes trouble is not due to
charges of giving aid to the Filipinos,
but arises in part out of the certificate of
I American ownership said to have been
granted by him to the steamer Abbey.
The Abbey was seized by the gunboat
McCulloch on September 23 of last year at
Batangas, where she had landed a cargo
of arms and ammunition. A Philade]
phian, understood to have been interested
in the Abbey's filibustering expedition
says that Mr. Bedloe gave the vessel a
certificate of American ownership, and
she departed to Macao.
The authorities feel assured that Dr.
Redloe is innocent of any wrongdoing, in
tentionally at I-ast. and ttiat only some
misunderstanding exists on his' part.
There is no explicit legal authority. It is
said, for granting such a certificate as
was given by Dr. Bedlop to the Abbey,
but the consular regulations authorize the
issue on the ground that it is reasonable
and proper that American citizens should
be afforded the protection given by such
certificates and by the right to fly the
American flag over their vessels.
EDMONTON SURVIVORS.
Many who Escaped Death on the
Horrible Trail Reach Victoria.
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 24.-The steamer
<"'ottagfi City arrived at 1 a, m. Among
the passengers were forty unfortunates,
survivors of the Edmonton route, who
bring a various assortment of hard luck
stories. Many are crippled from their
sufferings. But one more contingent Is to
j come, for which the steamer Strathcona
was to go up on the Stickeen to-day to
bring passengers from Wrangei. Then all
who lived through the sufferings of that
death trap will have reached civilization.
This will clean up all the survivors. The
passengers on the Cottage City report the
death at Olenora a week ago of Hiram
Wells, formerly a politician of Missouri
B. Tennyson, nephew of the late Lord
Alfred, was a passenger from Casslar
He said that a railway is being built from
Olenora into that district. There Is con
siderable gold there, and rich strikes have
been made on Thibert Creek; but outside
of that, although there are opportunities
I for rich hydraulicking, it 1b no poor man's
diggings.
MORMON COLONISTS.
Extensive Concessions Granted Them
by Mexican Government.
AUSTIN. Tex., Aug. 24.— Louis D. Ma
son of Salt Lake City was here to-day on
his way home from Mexico, where he
claims to have obtained the concession for
the establishment of two large Mormon
colonies in the Nazes River Valley, State
Of I'urango. He expects to locate not less
j than 20,000 Mormon colonists at the places
j selected under the terms of the concession
within the noxt two years.
The colonists will be exempt from the
payment of duties on farm implements
| machinery, construction material, house
-1 hold effects and domestic animals, and
; also exempted from export duties on any
products of the colony for a term of ten
years, Mr. Mason stated that the coloni
zation project had the sanction of the
Mormon church, and that most of the col
onists will go from Salt Lake City. There
are already four large and prosperous
Mormon colonies in Northern Mexico.
SPONOGLE WILL FIGHT.
Declines to Be Ousted From Agnews
Asylum.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 24.— Dr. Sponogle, who
was removed from the superlntendency
of Agnews Asylum, declines to vacate the
position, and ex-Senator Morehouse, his
attorney, v.MI! to-morrow sue out a writ of
certiorari against the board of managers
to have the late proceedings in San Fran
cisco reviewed. This action, so More
house says, will be followed by one
against the Governor to recover $100,000
for alleged libel and defamation of char
acter. .•...-....
Killed in a Train Wreck.
DENVER. Aug. 24.— News reached here
this morning of a collision between light
engines on the Rio Grande Western Kail
way at Nolan, Utah, In which Engineer
Matthews was so badly injured that he
died in a short time. One fireman was
I painfully hurt.
Hales. | Hales.
"johnny comes marching home'
see latest life portrait of Col. Duboee in our window.
store closed
all day
in honor of our returning heroes,
Hale's stores will remain closed
all day to-day, we want every
employe to greet the boys from
Manila
open Saturday as usual ;
close Saturday at six as usual.
947 JMi f^^i*f***& oooo^^f. „.
AUTHORIZED TO
EMPLOY FORCE
AGAINST COHN
Collector Jackson Re
ceives Instructions.
SECRETARY GAGE FOR WAR
FEDERAL QUARANTINE OFFICER
KINYOUN IS ON TOP.
With His Permission No State Physi
cian Will Be Allowed to Board
or Leave Vessels Here
after.
Customs Collector Jackson received In
structions yesterday from the Secretary
of the Treasury to co-operate with Fed
eral Quarantine Officer Dr. Kinyoun In
keeping unauthorized persons from board
ing or leaving vessels without permission
of Dr. Kinyoun.
It is hflieved that the Secretary s in
structions, which the Collector refused to
make public, are aimed at State Quaran
tine Officer Cohn. The fight between the
State and Federal branches of the Quar
antine Department has been going on ail
over the United States, and it is under
stood that the Federal authorities have
united to end the battle by preventing
State quarantine officials from boarding
or leaving vessels without permission of
the Federal quarantine officers, which
permission is being withheld in every
Collector Jackson Bald yesterday that he
would take great pleasure in co-operating
with Dr. Kinyoun and expediting the
docking of vessels in this port. Ho will
not recognize the right of any State quar
antine officer to board a vessel, and will
be prepared to adopt forcible measures
should Dr. Kinyoun call upon him :or
assistance of that kind.
FRIGHTENED THE QUEEN.
Letter Thrown Into Victoria's Car
riage by a German.
LONDON, Aup. 24.— Cnnsiderahlp alarm
■was created yesterday evening by a man
throwing a lPtter into Quepn Victoria's
rarriape as she- was driving into Osbourne,
Isle of Wipht. A rumor spread to the
effect that the letter contained an explo
sive, but this turned out to be false. The
police arrested the man. whose letter was
only an appeal to her Majesty to secure
for him a new trial of a civil suit which
he recently lost. The prisoner was found
to be a German, who was not aware that
his action was against the law. As It was
evident that he had no intention to do
harm the man was released. The Queen
was surprised when the letter fell in her
lap, but she betrayed no alarm.
MEN BLOWN TO BITS.
Horrifying Result of the Explosion of
a Dynamite Factory.
JOPT/TN. Mo., Aug. 24.— Five miner?
■were killed by an explosion of dynamite
this evening at the Margaret Mining Com
pany's mill near Carterville. The dead:
David Sinclair. Duluth. Minn.: R. J. Rob
bins Sedalia. Mo.: Henry Gilbert. Joplin,
Mo. 1 ' Frank Huddleston, Joplin; William
Messmore. Carterville. Mo.
While Gilbert was engaged in the prep
aration of a blast a stirk of dynamite
which he held in his hand exploded and
the concussion exploded a box of dynamite
whioh stood near by. The big concentrat
ing plant was demolished and the five men
at work there were blown to bits.
♦
MISSION WAS FRUITLESS
No Immediate Prospects of a China-
Japan Alliance.
PEKING, Auk. 25.— The Japanese
mission will return to Tokio to-morrow.
Apparently it has accomplished noth
ing. The Conservative party, headed
by Yung L.v, has influenced the Em
press Dowager until she seems to have
veered against the conclusion of any
alliance.
Prince Ching favors an alliance with
Japan, but it is inconceivable that he
will be able to do anything against
the powerful opposition.
President's Movements.
PLATTSBURG, N. V.. Aug. 24.—
Presidential party left Bluff Point sta
tion at 6 o'clock this evening after a
stay of exactly four weeks. This morn
ing the President was serenaded by the
Twenty-sixth Regiment Band. At 2 p.
m. a commandery of Masons from St.
Johnsbury, Vt., paid their respects to
the President. At 3 o'clock the Twen
ty-sixth Regiment, 1350 men, arrived at
the hotel. President McKinley re
viewed the regiment from the balcony.
On Monday the President will be
present at the reception to the Tenth
Pennsylvania volunteers, who are to
arrive in Pittsburg on that day from
the Philippines. On Tuesday the Pres
idential party will proceed to East
Liverpool. Wednesday and Thursday
will be spent at the President's old
home in Canton, and on Saturday, Sep
tember 2, they expect to arrive back
in Washington. On September 5 the
President will go to Philadelphia to at
tend the annual encampment of the
G. A. R. .
♦
Must Land at San Francisco.
ST. PAUL. Aug. 24.— Some clays ago
Governor Lind askod the War Department
to land the Minnesota volunteers at Port
land, but the Government officials have
notified him that they cannot do It; that
the muster out will occur at San Fran
cisco, and that is the end of it from a
Federal point of view.
NO CHANCE
FOR ARGUMENT
there will be when you compare our
laundry work with that done any-
j where else in this town. We strive
to excel and not to rival, and we do it.
Shirts, collars and cuffs are done up
in a manner that defies competition.
Our laundry work is artistic and
beautiful in its faultless color and
finish. "No saw edges."
United States Laundry. Offlca
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
A Week free |^ §
Treatment and Medicine js
FOR J sVc2
Catarrh, Deafness, I fa®
NOISES IN EARS AND =2?/P
THROAT DISEASES. «fen?gf
NEW INVENTIONS and >*5?/ fla •
I NEW ANTISEPTIC MEDI- jW JfiSL-'
i CINES that gives marvel- S§sr tss£m'
ous cures, even after other |& tafliil
! treatments fall. Over ""- §^^M2||i :
test cases. 95 per cent sue- «
cessful. So satisfactory is psi mBJUIfs
the treatment that I make S^^SgsB»^> N
no charge to try it one week. P^ ,
Write for literature and symptom blank or
call at once lor FREE TREATMENT.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
G32 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours — 9-12 a. m., 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
Good Coffee
EVERYBODY
SAYS SO.
Try
Great American Imp ortlßE Tea Go.
Big Presents Free*
• STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORES.
... -r:v, ' ■■'■-
A GENUINE REDUCTION SALE! |
■Ma On ' account of ■ "vlnu Fj
MM. ■ closed up my Sacra- ||
!' W mento branch store / 1 H
i-i offer to my patrons and h
jffS^sV the public In general H
flHtflHk $5000 worth of woolens, fl
BF^JmHi which I wish to turn Into Q
AKHi each before my fall and |4
JHW9 winter stock comes In. ||
See rrires In the window. I
Be& joe POHEIM, 1
tgISH THE TAILOR. B
Bl|l 201-203 Montgomery St.. H
ffi«Ml 1110-1112 Market St.. fl
Xl B.i San Francisco. |3
l{| 1m 1011 Washington St.. ■
143 South Spring St.. g
3?i» Los Angeles. CaL fg|
B(BBbsBBb1s»b^E-J»""
000000000000000
g™? PALACE *w%
%GRAND HOTELS °
*f f BAH FRANCISCO. Jf
" Connected by a covered passageway. "
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo y/\ h Bath Attached. O
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICE*: O
O European Plan.Sl.OO per day and upward A
American Plan. oo per day and upward A
1 O Correspondence Solicited. v
O JOHN 0. KIRKPAT&IOK. Huiger. O
Qooooooooooooooooo
4J&&. Dr. R. L. Walsh,
/flß^.C^a\ 815% GEARY ST.. bet.
naßtf^JJLi ill in™ Hyde and Larklo.
r^ "^^Sg^giy Painieas Extraction..
UK „ M Jt^\ Cro-vns" '.'.'.'.'.'. '.'.'.
Xi {; T I=T')J^ Flesh-colored Plates..
. Continuous Gum Plates (no bad joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN first prizes tor
tills branch of dentistry. No students, li
years' experience.
■DDTTOUTTO FOR barbers, bak-
jDXlU OllJ-iO ers - bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
iiangers. printers. painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
Weekly Call $1.00 m Year
■-:■•• ■;■.-■- ...-,. -•. . .